SAN JACINTO. March 19.— A remark
able natural phenomenon has fol
lowed the recent series of earth
quakes that shook the southern end
of California. One of the giant
Fpurs of San Jacinto peak has moved its
millions of tons of^earth and rock into
the valley beneath, and where the valley
•was Is now a yawning abyss. Seemingly
It has sunk hundreds of feet inter a sub
terranean cavern which undoubtedly un
derlay this peak, once 4000 feet above the
eea level. ...
B« it the effects of an earthquake or a
landslide, it is of such tremendous propor
tions as to benumb the Intellect for a
moment. There it lies eleven miles south
east of San Jacinto. a tumbled mass of
«>arth, 600 acres of trees and rocks, with j
Immense crevasses and cracks running
zigzag in all directions. There are Jammed |
neaks of sandstone where hills were torn
asunder: there are slanting precipice?
¦where the mountains parted company. In
other places are great funnel-shaped holes
¦w here the soil was sucked Into the interior
of the earth and spots scarce six feet
across run through with crevasses whose
depth the eye cannot fathom. .:" •--. ; >
The news of this great mountain slide
¦was slow in reaching town. The peak was
visited on Christmas day by Grant I. Tag
taxt forest supervisor and formerly clerk
of the Supreme Court of California, to
gether with Forest Ranger Rouse. Their
horses were tied at an elevation of 4000
feet to a manzanlta tree, and Rouse pro
ceeded to blaze a trail across this Iden
tical 600 acres to be utilized in case of
mountain fires.
Terrific Seismic Shock.
The terrific seismic shock that leveled
Fan Jacinto's brick buildings occurred at
4 25 on Christmas morning. At 10 o'clock
these forest officers saw the peak trem
bling and vibrating constantly with inter
nal rumbling, but as temblors had been
constantly recurring since morning the
men were not alarmed. They left that
particular spur after an hour s work. Mr.
Rouse lives about two miles below the
fountain, and although shocks were as
frequent as six each day he did not re r
member any except one which occurred six
days later at 1:31 p. m. At that time a
great booming as of blasting came from
The B pur above him and every dish In his
house was shaken from the cupboard
ehelves. He is of the opinion that this
was the date of the collapse, for clouds
of dust could be seen issuing from the di
rection of the mountain. The great
Christmas earthquake must have caused
the roof of the subterranean cavern to
split and. the constantly recurring tem
blors caused the mountain peak to blip
into the cavity. *
Mr. Rouse did not revisit the spur until
a few days ago. and when he sought bis
xnanzlnita tree at the head of the trail to
tie his horse to he found that the tree lay
uprooted fifty feet below over the edge of
a wide crevasse and the gently sloping
mountain aides lay In a Jumbled mass of
roots, rocks and deep fissures. The south
eastern edge, a half mUeaway, stood in
tact, but a long slant of blue shale,
smooth as glass, at. an Wangle of forty de
gTees, showed Just where the great masa
of earth had moved into the suddenly
opened abyss to the northwest-
Nature Turned Topsy-Turvy.
The temblors still occur weekly, and one
occurred last night. On Sunday every
body In this city drove to the foot of the
spur and on horseback completed . the
¦leep ascent on * narrow, precipitous
bridle patch to the scene. It is like climb-
Ing the Alps.'
Once there, however, the view that is
obtained • well repays- the visitor for his
weary trip. What was once a gentle in
cline, running from a ridge' to a* small
valley, is now a cavern, separating the.
ridge from the valley. There are crevices
every few feet in the earth, some as, wide
as six feet and over twenty feet.^deep.
Bushes and small trees have been torn
up by the roots and - hurled .down ; for
many feet. In one place an oak tree
about fifteen feet high and three feet in
diameter was moved a 'distance of fifty
feet. The soil is so broken and cracked
that every few steps one is apt to sink
up to the knees. For three-quarters of a
mile all that can be seen is a mass of
upturned bushes and broken banks. What
were once the lowest basins are now the
highest.
Molten Matter Ejected.
But the most remarkable thing to be
seen on the tract is a half-mile-wide
stratum of ejected material. The composi
tion is black and of very fine grain. It
shines and Is even glassy. Beneath the
surface of this cryst^line rock, mica is
found. This is no doubt in Igneous rock.
A short time ago It was surely molten,
for beneath "the hardening crust It is soft
enqugh to be molded Into any shape with
the hands. Two or three feet below this
Is an intruded rock, coarser grained and
probably granite. This .condition of the
earth was first discovered on March 8
by D. W. Rouse. ¦
There was some great heat connected
with the disturbance, f or'the earth on the
whole 500 acres has been rendered almost
Identical to ashes, and. every, sign .of
plant life has been visibly ' affected— in
fact, in most cases, killed.
the enormous and corrupt power of th«
railroad behind him he not only failed to
accomplish the schemes intrusted to him.
but he submitted h!s employers to a hu
miliation worse than the exposure of de
feat. And in his place Jere .T.. Burke, very
well known and by no means 'unfamiliar
with the peculiar duties' of the position,
has been 'chosen." * ' "" ¦*" " " .
This, revolution In the mauagenient of
the political affeJrs of the Southern Pacific
Company .will come, as a profound sur
prise to all but a vepr small clique of rail
road officials. * Several "months 'ago, when
Herrin's -blunders were' covering the rail
road with chagrin. The Call predicted the
significant ! change which has" now ¦ been
effected.; Blunder after, blunder .was com
mitted by. Herrin. He failed to carry ou*
railroad plans at Sacramento, and he was
sent in defeat from the. Board of Super
visors. Stri'yinc. still to hold "his position,
he misrepresented the facts, led the rail
road company into an indorsement of an
extra session of. the Legislature, 'covered
if with the'; odium of ¦ public contempt as
well as of defeat and. concluded an Inglo
rious campaign'with unenviable notoriety.
That was the climax,; and Herrm's-em
ployers resolved^ to • remove 'him ¦ from a
sphere In .which his activity had been any
thing but that^of usefulness. But It was
necessary to go slowly. . While Herrln was
a mammoth mistake as political manager,
making , enemies J instead lof friends and
recording defeats. lnstead of victories, he
could not be J thrown , out ' of ; th# railroad
service altogether, ; as he possesses rail
road ' secrets which at the present . time,
would ' make : highly interesting reading.!
So it was determined , to -take his yellow
Jacket away from: him piecemeal.
H. E. Huntington 'was .the -'diplomat
chosen, to .let Herrin drop easily, and the
nephew, it is admitted,, accomplished the
trick cleverly.- Huntington is, : by, author-,
ity of his uncle, the autocrat of the South
ern Pacific Company, on the coast. For a
long time he had been disgusted with the
clumsy 'operations of Herrin las political
manager.*; Over a: year ago, -Herrin, arro
gating to himself ?the, ownership of the
Republican; party,, promised ; the railroad
people that Burns should 1 be elected
United States Senator. : Herrln spent a
sack of : railroad ': money • and ¦¦ Burns ] was
beaten. .- - .;--.. ,'..*; . -, . . :
A series of defeats followed this big
failure. The • Southern * Pacific Company
lost the "grip ; It had held upon the Super
visors of .this city for. years. -The "cork
screw" ' plot ? was ?'expbsed' and , the cora
nany retired in' the dismay of failure and
of i exposure. . The i: burlesque manipula
tions of ' : Herring with .the State .Board of
Railroad: Commissioners -made" the South
ern Pacific Company ;the laughing stock
of the State. 'Ap olitical clown sat In the
chair of .authority : and ; everything -he
touched i became a Jest. '/*.
: 'Then" came* the . fiasco . of the
extra ' session • of I the " Legislature. . Herrln
persuaded .. Huntington ', that \. he h ad t he
votes > necessary ,' to i elect the I man from
Mexico a United States Senator., He was
so sure of his ground that he scouted the
idea" of skirmishing for Ja J second ' choice.
The (Southern - Pacific ; Company r believes
that icharity begins at home and 1 while It
wanted ' Burns It wanted more ' than any
particular aspirant \ any,- man , who i would
take his . orders ;f rom • the " company^ ? •¦',
"But Herrln laughed! at -the thought'of
failure.', '- He had I the "votes,"* he; said.' and
nothing was ; left : but I', to " register " them.
So ? Gage i was /ordered * to"? call \ the r extra
session' and' the" result Is political ' history.
At a recent secret conference of Southern Pacific officials H. E. Huntington- carried » out -a. plan which he had al
ready .formulated. '.William! F. Herrln was deposed as political manager of the company and Jere T. Burke, assistant
manager of the Clearing-house' and secretary of the Los Angeles Electric' Railroad Company., was given his place. In
order- to' deceive, the public and to keep Herrln from an explosion of wrath in which 'he might, expose Southern Pa
cific methods and secrets Burke' will assume contror gradually, undertaking small contracts, assuming greater manip
ulations arid maklpg' progress Wtll he secures control. His first contract Is to . defeat John H. Dickinson In any polit
'." leal ambition . he may . possess*.' '.
A^ Series of Bliinders, Coupled With Deceit, Reaches
; ; V. a Climax in Which the Friend of the
Mexican Is Shorn of His Power.?;;;
HERRIN NO LONGER
POLIT ICAL MANAGER
OF THE RAIL ROAD
BRITISH ARE
COMBINING TO
CRUSH BOERS
Big For^es^niier Rob
- crts, :Methuen and
IBiilferi Ready to £&$
vanceSmuitahebus-
ly Upon
burg and Pretoria;
¦ '• ' ~¦• — — " * • — ¦•
No -Definite News Received
Concerning Maf eking, but
the Belief Vis ' Growing
• That • the -.-Boers ' Have
Raised the Siege. V
;. v ;.-; ";'.¦ "/ .;;*,.„/, .y, .
LONDON, March" 20!— With ! the •„ex
ception of the' account of a small'
skirmish at Springs on
, Saturday ' no news reached ' London
yesterday of! any fighting In; South
Africa. It appears 'that a strong force
will be placed at LV)rd Methuen's disposal,
which it is thought may not be used for
the- relief of Mafeklng since another col
umn from • Klmberley is v already I keeping
the- Boers employed to ; the. south of the
besieged town while front -the -north Col
onel Plumer is moving down toward
Baden-Powell's stronghold.. It is thought
probable that Lord Methuen's force may
make an , advance ; northward simultane
ously with thatof.Lord Roberts by. way
of Klerksdorp, Potchefstroom and Kru
gersdorp to Johannesburg, partially- fol
lowing-the route of < the Jameson expedi
tion. ¦
Ladysmlth garrison should be ready to
resume service about the beginning of
April. General- Buller^wlll- then have a
force of four infantry .divisions and one
cavalry division besides a" large number
of colonial mounted, lnfantry, in all about
40.000 men, with 120 guns. He will : thus
be stronger than the whole Boer army
now in the left field. His task will, be to
turn the Blggarsberg defenses .and then :
advance direct upon the Transvaal, oc
cupying the attention' of a large number
of Boers to the. east, while Lord Roberts
m,oves on Pretoria. By- that time* Lord
Roberts will have, been reinforced by Gen
erals Clements, Gatacre and Brabant and
will have about 60,000 men and 200 guns.
With the country to the rear pacified and
with complete control. of the railwaytrun-,
nlng direct ' to' Cape Town, Port Elizabeth
and : East London, facilitating the trans
pott of supplies, the advance may be ex- i
eeedinglyrki»'d.V" . ••¦'¦- "**- p: '¦" " ; :; r^~ < **i.' r * "
• All ' things considered Lord < 'W6lserey > s •'
reported j forecast, that British troops ,will
reach Pretoria by the middle of May may
be* justified. The distance- by-railway
from TJloemfontein to the, Transvaal cap
ital Is about 300, miles. Serious resistance
is not expected' south, of jKroonstadt, as
the railway in' that neighborhood has been
destroyed by the Boers. ¦ Allowing for the
commandos left to oppose Sir Redvers
Buller the enemy. It is calculated, cannot
face Lord Roberts with more than 1 20,000
men. ¦ • :
Free Staters continue to surrender..' All
dispatches state that they are acquiescing
In the change of government and return
ing to their farir.s. The war seems to be
practically ended as far as Mr. Steyn's
fellow citizens are concerned.
Up to 4 o'clock this morning no definite
news of Maf eking has been received in
London. The belief, founded upon private
telegrams, prevails at Cape Town that the
Boers have raised the siege.
CANADIAN TROOPS TO FRONT.
CARNARVON, Marchl9.— The Canadian
(Continued on Second PuNk*
; : "¦'_ :> Next ', to the . resistance offered iby the Boers themselves the ¦' great ¦ hindrance to the rapid ; advance of the British army
into"' the '¦ Transvaal'; is the necessity -of rebuilding or replacing by. temporary .'structures, the many, bridges on the line of the
railroad which -are. destroyed by the Boers as they fall -.back.*" On the. 250 miles arid 1 ; more ; yer between sLordt Roberts .and
Pretoria 1 are a* number of importanfbridges'.tnotabiy" those [oven theVVet* thelValganVand^the iValsch,> rivers,- besides, the
long. one over, the Vaal, at Vereenlnging, whlch.'wlthithe minor. ones,*- will doubtleHS* all! be; more ; or ; less i wrecked. by; the
burghers^ 1 As ; the 'progress { of . the 'army, could i not be^delayed : to awal t. the?, rebuilding i of » the - iron " structures, :' the f royal ;
engineers go prepared to erect temporary wooden bridges parallel, to, the. permanent [ones/? The, illustration" shows a'party
engaged in suph' work at the Modder River on the Klmberley line./ 1 j •; r - i ,?.""' ' '".; '" ' " .:V.
PREPARING JFOR'THE ADVANCEION^PRETQRIAi;
Section of the San Jacinto Range in
Southern California Sinks in a .
Subterranean Cavern.
ANTI-FOREIGN PARTY'S
ASCENDENCY IN CHINA
Dowager' Empress' Rewards- Officials
Who Display. Hatred of
Aliens.
PEKING, March 18.— The ascendancy
of ' the anti-foreign party Is becoming
pronounced daily. The Dowager Em
press appears unable to sufficiently ' re
ward the officials who exhibit marked
hostility to everything not Chinese. Hen-
Tung, probably the most bitterly anti
foreign official of the empire, has been
decorated with the three-eyed peacock
feather, which heretofore has not "been
conferred »in eighty .years. | The notorious
LI Peng Hlng; who was dismissed from
the governorship of. Shan Tung on•'Ger
man demand, has been advanced to :. the
first rank, and the former Governor, Yuh
Sen of Shan Tung, has been appointed
Governor of the Shang-Si district— a snub
to the powers interested and likely to
prejudice Interests in th*e province, « as
the powers believe his maladministration
is the cause of the present state 'of "af
fairs in Shan Tung. ' .
INDUCE BOER IMMIGRATION.
OMAHA, March 19.— When the
war In South Africa Is ended, as it Is sup
posed It will, in the. subjugation of the
Boers, the Burlington officials anticipate
that thousands of tiie people of the Trans T .
vaal will be desirous of getting away from
English rule as they: were when they; went
Into ¦ the African wilderness. V There : is *no
Continued on Second Page.
WILLIAM F. HERRIN t has jj at
• last been deposed 1 as the head
of the' political bureau.of the
Southern Pacific -Company. - He
has' been shorn of his power to
manipulate the political schemes of the
corporation. ' He -will' have influence no
more to 'interfere: in the, politics, of the
State " or ; to. tamper i with': Legislatures ..or
Boards of Supervisors. He has been re
tired in disgrace with the stamp of failure
and of unfaithfulness upon him. With all
HUNTINGTON MAKES BURKE THE SUCCESSOR OF HERRIN.
Herrin had added the offense of deceit to
the crime of failure and his career as
political manager for the Southern Pa
cific Company was over. But the task of
removing, him was a delicate one. He
knows too much and the Southern Pacific
Company cannot afford at present to
drop^ him "altogether.
H. E. Huntington undertook the deli
cate, diplomatic task himself. He did so
with grim pleasure. He remembered the
day when his feathers of authority had
been plucked and only a lonely seagull
perched on the boat rail signaled bis de
parture. He remembered, too, the wel
come that had accompanied his triumph
ant : ret urn, and he decided to treat Herrin
in kind. . - - .
1 He called a conference of the wise ones
of the company, among them J. C. Stubbs.
Julius - Kruttschnitt and J. A. Flllmore.
Herrln himself was Invited to be present,
and understanding the virtue of a joke,
even on himself, accepted the Invitation.
The meeting, which the officials were cau
tioned to keep absolutely a secret, was. as
a matter of course, simply a formality.
Herrin's fate had been settled before the
conference took place. It had been decided
to take ' away : from him one by one the
political - prerogatives which he had
abused, to give him still the semblance of
power and to give to some one else Us
substance.
There was a double motive In this— to
placate and deceive Herrln and to impose
upon the public, to let Herrln remain as
the mark of criticism and have some one
else do the work of the company. At
the conference Herrln was told that he
had too- much to do and that It would bo
wise for him to' confine himself more In
future to his legal duties and to delegate
the delicate functions of political manager
to some one else. Herrin saw that his
peacock feather had gone and that a slash
had been made in his yellow Jacket.
Then a pretense was made of looking
for another man to perform the duties
which* Herrln had undertaken with such
signal failure. The search was short, as
Huntington had already chosen Jere T.
Burke, assistant manager of the Clearing
house'and secretary of the Los Angela
Electric Railroad Company. As a atrate
glc preliminary Huntington sounded tho
praises -of Burke, whom he knows from
that association which delicate manipula
tion of delicate affairs produces. Hunting
ton pronouncad Mr. Burke to be a very
virtuous man and. Incidentally, very valu
able. ' He possesses the tact of making
friends Instead of creating enemies, and.
of course, no reference, even Implied, wa*
made to -Hex-Tin. ¦ -
; Mr. Burke. understands the route which
leads from a man's stomach to his brain
and ¦heart, and knows how to -lift out of
the bottom of a wineglass that warmth of
feeling and good will which makes the,
other fellow, do 'as you want him to Jo.
Mr..' Burke gives good dinners; not the
kind that . Herrln , gave to the Railroad
Commissioners. 1 , but like those that on »
never hears a word about- And Mr. Burke.
Huntington said, combines economy with
generosity, as he does tact with Industry.
He has done some diplomatic service for
the company, and Mr. Huntington assured
his associates that Mr. Burkes expenses
never' exceeded $150 _ a day— a mere trtft-i
when one considers^ what Is at stake In
Southern Pacific- diplomacy. .
The Southern Pacific Company . Judges
results,. not . methods, and Huntlngton's
place in Africa for -them to go, and, the
road Is preparing to send j agents to ¦ that
country .to induce v them to come to;thls
country' and settle in the undeveloped por r
t lons and engage either in stock raising or
farming. They are. confident' of securing
several thousand/of these Industrious and
frugal. people. - -. -¦ - •'-.-•;:*'*•':'
SCHIEL IS QUARRELSOME.
CAPE TOWN. March 19.— Owing to the
quarrelsomeness -of .Colonel Schlel, the
German -officer In charge of the Boer ar
tillery,-who was wounded and taken pris
oner, at the battle of Elandslaagte, he has
been removed from the prisoners', camp
to a transport.
:,¦...--« ¦ • •
PORTUGUESE TROOPS ACTIVE.
LONDON, March; 20.— The Lourenzo
Marques correspondent- of the Times, tel
egraphing Monday, March 19. says:
"Last • night the Portuguese authorities
assuredly dispatched by a special train a
force of Infantry to reinforce the garrison
on the 'Transvaal border."
WHITE AT CAPE TOWN.
• CAPE TOWN. - Sunday. March 18.—Gen
eral: Sir George" Stewart' White, the de
fender' of ' Ladysmith,' has ! arrived here,
but Is too: 111 'to permlt'of a'publlc recep
tion being given In his honor.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Millions of Tons of Earth and Molten Metal
Engulfed in a Great Crevasse Opened by a
Series of Earthquake Shocks.
SPUR OF A MOUNTAIN
PEAK DISLODGED BY
A MIGHTY TEMBLOR
Deposed by H. E. Huntington and Jere
T. Btirke Chosen to Succeed Him
¦ \'\"r; '¦: as CM^fff{&iM^itG§l
VOLUME LXXXVH — NO. lgO.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, ~ MARCH 20,1 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call
.Character of the Country in
Which the Mountain Sunk.DRJALL'S km VIGOR ATOM flggfil
Fly* hundred reward for any BfflTkfll
cas« w« cannot cure. This secret ff" H|
remedy stops all losses la 24 3_l£*»__R
hours, cures Emissions. Impo- SI VS
tency. Vartcocele. Gonorrhoea. irSfS Rffl
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. ~ Lost U^UJ ¦ USm
Manhood and all wasting effects JUd ¦j^j
ot self -abuse or excesses. Sent * — ¦" *' '
sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guarantee* to
f«JL"»fjay case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. SSS ' Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
tor sal. at 1073* Market ,W ft. F. AU prt^S
tUMMM aulckly cured, . B«nd for (m book. •
A greater percentage of the diseases to whl;h
Human flerh !s heir may be traced to disorders
of the nutritive syetein. We refer in particular
to
LIVER DISORDER. This larre trland be-
comes inactive as a result of chronic inflamma-
tion, which may be brought on by malaria,
brain work, want of exercise, indigestion and
many other causes. The symptoms of liver
complaint are Dull Headaches (Fig. 1), Coated
Tongue' (Fig. t). Palpitation of Heart (Fig. 3),
lm;«.ired Digestion (Fig. 4). Soreness over Re-
fion of Liver <Fig. £). Other Fj-mptoms are
pain In right side and right shoulder, a feel-
Ing cf weariness and languor, dizzy spells,
nervousness and COSTIVENESa The blood be-
zi men charged with poisonous elements when
the liver fails to act properly.
lIUDTAN is a srx-ciflc for liver complaint
and the many symptoms and complications that
are due to llv*r disorder. HUDYAN strength-
ens the liver and restores U to Its normal, act-
ive capability. HUDYAN diverts the bile from
the blood to the inteetlnea. thus supplying the
laxative of nature and overcoming constipation.
HUi 'TAN promptly takes away the heaviness
of the head, the nausea, the dizziness that are
associated with torpid ll\-er.
lIUUYAN will cure you, perfectly and per-
maneMJy.
HI.'OYAN Is for sale by druggists— 6oc a
package or six for $2 10.
It ynur druggist do** not keep HUDTAJJ,
send direct to th* HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
'•omer Stockton. EIIU and Market streets. San
Francisco, Cal._ ¦ • .
*— — — '¦ -wof t!)e Hudyarj Remedy
i nnrnrnDc r co - m °y b « consulted
I DUL I UJLIO I by letter or In persoo-
*• * Write your symptoms.'
FIRED THROUGH A WINDOW.
Isaac Rogers Attempts to Murder D.
Smith at Mound City.
Special -IMspatclv to The Call. ."-.V.5'
SAN BERNARDINO, March 19.— An at
tempt at murder was made early. Sunday
morning at Mound City, a suburb of this
place. In -which Isaac Rogers shot through
a window, barely missing the head of D.
Smith, .who was asleep. Rogers fled, but
was brought in and lodged In -Jail. -
Some months ,ago Rogers attempted to
poison Smith, was arrested and the 'case
proved, but he was released on a techni
cality. Rogers first ¦ admitted firing the
shot, then denied it. His friends • say
Smith fired the shot himself to > charge
Rogers 'with it. Rogers Is 'said -to be
enamored of Smith's wife.
Lamote Exonerated.
Special Diepatch to The ' Call.
SAN BERNARDINO. March 19.— An In
quest on the death of Wesley Welch; shot
Sunday evening by August Lamote,: shows
Lamote '. fired In self-defense^ and he .was
discharged. When". " the ' fatal shot : was
fired Welch had knocked Lamote from his
bicycle and was beating him with the butt
of a buggy whip. Welch started out with
two companions in the morning in a! car
riage and got 1 crazy drunk; and the others
drove off and > left him as he got out to
hold up passers-by. The. first man. es
caped him. The second holdun was more
successful, ' but ¦ the man got , away ¦ by
leaving his whip In the hands' of -his as
sailant. With" this Welch attacked La
mote and would have killed him, but La
mote drew his gun when down and fired
BLOSSOM FETE.
Bay of Merry-Making Planned at
Saratoga. t •
Special Dispatch to The CalL*
SAN JOSE, March 19.— A blossom fete
will be held to-morrow at Saratoga, . and
that well known summer resort has made
extensive arrangements to entertain the
hundreds of visitors expected. The or
chards are well along In bloom now, and
the sight will be worth going miles to see.
The train which leaves San Francisco at
8:15 will be met by carriages at Los Gatos
and the visitors conveyed to Saratoga,
which lies four miles away. . Houses and
places at Saratoga have been decorated.
The merry-making will be In the nature
of a picnic, with speech-making, dancing
and games. The farmers have agreed to
furnish rigs, and the visitors will be taken
for rides through the orchards and to
Congress Springs, where natural soda
water will be furnished to all.
Annoys Housekeepers.
Special IMBpatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, March 19.— The authori
ties of San Rafael are seeking some clew
to the identity of a man who has for sev
eral days past caused prominent residents
fear and annoyance. The unknown miscre
ant is in the habit of asking for money at
the doors of the large houses and if re
fused charity will make threats of firing
the house. He has confined his attentions
to the fashionable residences, and the
wife of one of San Rafael's most promi
nent citizens to-day notified the officers
of the miscreant's behavior % and they will
endeavor to put a stop to future annoy
ance. The man Is thought to be an in
sane tramp who was released from jail
here a few days ago.
Portraits on New Bonds.
WASHINGTON. March 19.— The head of
Thomas H. Bentbn of Missouri will deco
rate the new 2 per cent bonds for $1000.
Benton, by his persistent opposition to
paper and silver and demand for gold
currency, was given the sobriquet of "Old
Bullion." The new registered bonds Trill
all bear draped figures on each side, ona
representing the law and the other the
genius of war. The first will hold a tab
let, bearing the word "Lex." The otber
figure will hold a firebrand aloft, and will
have a battle scene for a background. Dif
ferent portraits will decorate bonds of
different denominations.
Progress of the Santa Fe.
FRESNO, March 19.— General Agent F.
A. Jones of the Santa Fe has returned
from San Francisco and reports that
through trains will be running in the val
ley on or about the 15th prox. Not until
then will division headquarters be re
moved from Stockton to the raisin center.
UNDER THE ABOVE CARTOON AS PUBLISHED IN THE TO*PEKA CAPITAL CAME REMARKS FROM MR.
SHELDON ON A LIST OP EIGHT AMERICANS KILLED AND NINETEEN WOUNDED SENT THE DAY BEFORE
BY GENERAL OTIS FROM MANILA. AS FOLLOWS: "THE FOLLOWING DISPATCH FROM GENERAL OTIS IS
A STRONGER COMMENT ON THE HORRORS OF WAR THAN A SERMON MIGHT BE. AS A CHRISTIAN NATION
SHALL WE NOT PRAY THAT THIS WAR IN THE PHILIPPINES SHALL BE OUR LAST?— THE EDITOR." THEN
FOLLOWED THE LIST OF CASUALTIES SO FREQUENTLY REPEATED FROM THE PHILIPPINES. ¦
Eagleson & Co.'s
Spring Opening.
All the Latest Novelties in
Shirts
Neck Dress
Hosiery
Underwear
ETC. ETC
Reliable Goods. Right Prices.
748 and 750 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"FOR THE SAKE OF HUMANITY* DRAW THE CURTAIN ON THIS ACT,"
-Sheldon's Topeka Daily Capital.
Stops the Coufth and Works Off the Cold.
1 Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets cure a cold
la ont day. No cure, no pay. ' Price 36c,..:'-
Senate Bills Passed.
WASHINGTON. March 19-Bllls . were
passed by the Senate. to-day as follows:*
Appropriating $100,000 to complete the es
tablishment and .erection . of a, military
post near the city of Sheridan,*,, Wyo.;
permitting citizens of the United ; States,
bqna fide residents of California, Oregon
and "Washington, to sell, and , remove for
building, agricultural j and other domestic
purposes , timber/ growing ;or ,: being - upon
the I mineral lands ' of . Ihe United* States :
fixing. the limit of the public building at
Bol»e, Idaho, at $300,000
v| A\/al/x DB * PIERCES
dj^^^^a tLtulnlu
ov\si3A£?/is> DLL 111 1
'v> ¦¦ s\Jp^ this belt is war.
/J\*» ranted to be the latest Im-
proved, most powerful and in
all respects the best now manufactured In any
part of the world. Its equal does not exist. Th»
Galvanometer shows Its electric current ito b«
double that of any other. Easily resralated.
Durably Insulated. Latest improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
Double wire suspensory for men. It will cur«
any disease on earth that It is possible to cur* -
with electricity, and it cures when others fall.
Buy no belt till you see "Dr. Plerce's."
"Booklet No. J," free at office or sent by mall
tor a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.
(Opp. Palace Hotel) SAN FRANCISCO.
Eastern Office— New Tork City. .
NOT A RIVAL IN SIGHT!
• The beaaty of oar laundry work
makes rs justly proud, and we feel like
crowing every time we. see the superb
color and finish on the shirts, collarr
and cuffs done up by our methods,
United States Laundry. Offlo»
1004 Market Street.
. . Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 614 Eleventh St
Dewey Not Going to Europe.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— Lieutenant
Crawford, Admiral Dewey's secretary, to
day denied the report that ASmiral Dewey
would make a trip to Europe this summer.
Mounted Rifles, under Colonel Herchlner.
and the Canadian Artillery, commanded
by Colonel Drury, have arrived here with
a contingent' of yeomanry. The presence
of this force here has had an excellent
effect in the district. . It is reported that
a large force of insurgents Is in the vicin
ity of Vanwyck's Vlel. ti
WOULD BE JUSTIFIABLE.
BERLIN, March 19.— The National Zelt
ung, referring to the rumored intention of
the Boers to destroy the Transvaal gold
mines, says:
"Such an act would be Justifiable, since
it would prevent the authors of the war.
which the whole world has declared crim
inal, from securing the awards of vic
tory.".- .. „ , . ._
! '" ' 4 ¦ i : ? '
GERMANY'S ALLEGED APPEAL.
LONDON, March -20,-The Times, com
menting editorially upon the report that
Germany will ask the belligerents to guar
antee the. safety of Johannesburg, say a ;
"We decline to believe that any respon
sible German statesman would make such
an appeal. Certainly the Government will
not make agreements at foreign Instiga
tion."
KRUGER'S ADMISSION.
LONDON, March 20.-A dispatch to the
Daily Telegraph from Bloemfontein g.iya:
, "In a speech which he made here a few
days before the British entered the town
President Krugtr admitted that his men
would be unable to keep in* the field for
another month."
estimate of Burke was made from the fact
that Burke had been uniformly successful
in everything he had undertaken. So
Burke was given the p«acock feather. He
will have his office with Huntington, and
from that fountain of diplomatic wisdom
will^draw'his inspiration. Gradually he
will work his way until all the power of
Herrin is his and the name of that worthy
will be forgotten.
Burke is already Impressed with the re
sponsibilities of his new duties, and he
has decided to take up a town residence,
abandoning the home he has occupied for
a long time at San Rafael. He has told
his friends In secret that he must come
to the city, as his new duties Impose upon
him considerable night' work. ¦ There is
no fun in Inviting a man to breakfast. It
is only at dinner that confidences flow
freely. Mr. Burke has also j delegated to
a subordinate the clerical part of his
duties as assistant manager of the Clear
lne-houso and as secretary of the Los
Angeles. Electric "Railroad- Company, re-,
serving of course the authority of super
vision in both cases. Thus freed from
hampering details he is ready to begin.
An.d it IS* perhaps natural that his first
important duty should be connected with
the locality which has been his home for
so long and where he has made so many
friends. He has been. ordered by Hunt
ington to defeat^ John- H:":. Dickinson in
every political aspiration 'he may ' : have
whatever it may be. Dickinson is at pres
ent the State Senator representing Marin
County and It Is understood i -that
he now "seeks election to the • As
sembly". At the extra session of- the
Legislature he did not perform to the
satisfaction of Herrin and the Mexican
and has since been in the category of
traitors. For that reason Burke has, been
ordered to Instruct him in the blessings
of private life. It will be interesting to
watch with what success he proceeds in
the game. -
Interest will naturally be Increased
from the fact that Burke is a Democrat.
He served with distinction once.;as a
Democratic member of the Board of-Edu
cation, but he has been sufficiently liberal
to accept a non-partisan nomination.
Huntington has a pronounced liking for
Democrats and in deposing one Democrat
as political manager of Southern Pacific
affairs he probably meant, In choo"sing
another Democrat, to pay a delicate com
pliment to the party.
•Herrin's Democracy, however, will avail
him nothing. The only schemlng^whlch
he will be called upon to do in connec
tion with the Southern Pacific interests
•will be over legal briefs. His career as
political manager has closed and his suc
cessor has been chosen. •
That successor, however, as already^an
nounced, will not assume . his ? complete
duties at once. He will work gradually
Into the position which Herrln has: lost,
concerning himself, with small -deals at
first, gradually, working into largermanip
ulatl'ons and finally Into, complete 'control
of the bureau. >.This plan U absolutely
necessary to carry out the „.' orders : of
Huntingdon, enjoining *' absolute, 'secrecy.
Under no circumstances were the news
papers to obtain the secret, as, as it. was
feared that Herrin, - seeing # the trick by
which he had been deposed' and stinging
under what was expected to be ridicule
at his deposition, would fly into anger and
take revenge by ; r exposing some -of the
railroad secrets which he possesses. ; So
Burke will move gradually toward *pos-
Besslon of the yellow jacket.
PARTITION SALE.
The> following properties must tx» sold In
order to close an estate; proceeds to b« divided
among heirs.
South side. Nos. 1019-21-23 Sutter st.. H7:«
west of Hyda st. ; Improvements. 3 front houses.
9 rooms and bath; 3 rear houses; total rents
$161 per month: lot 57:6x137:6.
North side. Noa. 30 to 33 Larwls St.. <0 feet
east of Jones r 3 modern flats of. 5. 8 and 9
rooms and bath; rents $56 per month: lot 27:6
xs7:{.
E«st side Valencia st.. 155 south of Fifteenth;
rround alone 30x100.
TO CLOSE AX ESTATE.
The folio-win? properties will be sold to satis*
fy claims, etc.; terms, one-quarter cash, bal-
ance one, two, three years, interest < per cent:
West side of Clayton st., 137:8 north ot
Haiiht; 5OxlO«5:S.
South side Pa?» sfr. 131:3 west of Cole. 59x155.
Northwest corner of Bush and Pierce sts. ; 30x
I*>.
South. side of Page. 112:* east of Clayton. 2Sx
111:6.
North side Liberty st.. 155 east Sanchez, SOx
114.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
North side Jackson st.. SO west of Cherry; lots
25:10x90.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Northeast corner Seventeenth and No* sts.;
30x41:8.
North sid» Seventeenth st.. 87:8 west Prosper:
27:«x107:6.
Northeast corner Seventeenth and Prosper
sts.; 23x71:8.
WESTERN ADDITION BTHUJIXO LOT.
West side Flllmore, 97 south of Bush; 23x100.
MISSION COTTAGES.
West side. Nos. S<M-3 Shotwell. 53:24 south
of Twenty-second: two well-built cottages ot 5
rooms and bath each; lot 56x96.
Catalogue* to be had at office on application.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market Street.
BRITISH ARE
COMBINING TO
CRUSH BOERS
Continued From First Page.
HERRIN NO LONGER
POLITICAL MANAGER
OF THE RAILROAD
• (Continued from First Page.)
OTIS SENDS LONG
LIST OF CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON. March 19.— The War
Department to-day received the following
lengthy list of* casualties from General
Otis at Manila:
Deaths— Dysentery: July SI. last year. Henry
Haze. Company A, First California, at Taya
bas, while prisoner of war; March 7, Timothy
O'Here. Company I, Twenty-sixth Regiment
U. S. V.; Earl R. Hates. Company L, Thirty
seventh, U. S. V.; March 12, Edward Bauman,
Company E, Third Infantry. Malaria: Febru
ary 25, Willie Chestnut, Company G, Twenty
second Infantry; March 11, William Tappe,
Company M, Twelfth Infantry; March. 13, Will
lam G. Burn*, Company I* Ninth Infantry;
March 10, Hugh G. Mclntyre, Company L,
Twenty-ninth, U. S. V.; March 15, John Nor
din, Company G, Forty-sixth, U. S. V. Fever:
February 8, Clifton J. Paxon, Company D,
Thirteenth Infantry. Variola: February 23,
Bayles I. Reed, Company F, Third Infantry;
February 13, Edgar O. Hurbough. Company F,
Thirty-third Infantry, U. S. V.; March 8,
Simon Hudson, Company E, Thirty-ninth In
fantry, U. 8. V. ; John Austin, Company X,
Twenty-fourth Infantry; Romeo Jackson, Com
pany X, Twenty-fourth Infantry: March 11.
Daniel L.. Yost, Company H, Twenty-fourth
Infantry; March 14, John M. Moore, Company
G, Thirty-second Infantry, U. 8. V. • Neph
ritis: March 13. Abraham 1,. Mauk. Troop I*
Fourth Cavalry; March 10, Harry B. Btrana
han. Troop X, Third Cavalry. Diarrhoea:
March 7, George -TV. Day, corporal, Company
E. Eighteenth Infantry: March 8, John S.
Klensky, musician. Company F, Eighteenth
Infantry. Berl-berl: March 8, John E.Deasy.
Company D, Twenty-first Infantry. Tubercu
losis: March 12, Walter G. Webb, Company
E, . Seventeenth Infantry. Typhoid f«ver:
March 14, William Dowel, Company L, Thlrty
nfth Infantry, U. S. V»; Edward Barth. Com
pany G, Twenty-first InfantryLMarch io, John
O. Cameron, Company D, Thirty-ninth. In
fantry, U. S. \\ Pneumo-thorax; . March, ,18,
Patrick Dowdall. sergeant. Battery- E. Blxth
Artillery. Pneumonia: .March 4. Thomas A.
Taylor, corporal, Company D, Fortieth In
fantry. U. S. V. Drowned: February 6, Jacob
Brandt, Company X, Thirtieth Infantry, U. S.
V.; March 6, William M. Brown. Company
E, Twenty-fifth Infantry; March IS, Edward
W. Beattle. ; March 15, James Duddy, cor
poral. Company M, Twenty-eighth Infantry,
U. S. V.
Killed— Luzon: Hospital Corps, March 2.
Lirlao, Thomas D. Dare, hospital steward.
Third Cavalry; March' l4, Bagnotan, Arthur
Hardiwick. Company D, Sixteenth Infantry;
March 2. Llnao, Thomas- F. Brady, Company
B, Thirty-third Infantry, U. S. V.; January
22, Qulangan, Edward Herrfeldt. Company E;
March 9, Bangued, Chester A. Cross. Com
pany D.
Wounded— Luzon: March 14, Bagnotan,
Michael J. Cooney, Company D, wounded In
chest, moderate: March 2, Llnao,. Major Henry
O. Ward, Sixteenth Infantry, leg; March 10,
Los Banos, Elmer A. Carr, Company F, Thirty
ninth Infantry, U. S. V., wounded in chest,
serious; Herman H. Frlsch. wounded In head,
serious; Noah W. Bullard, Company G, wound
ed in thigh, serious; March 4, Paete, Louis H.
Telbell, Company E, Forty-second Infantry,
U. 8. V., side, severe; February 16, Panay,
Harry Gaylord. Company E, Eighteenth In
fantry, wounded In knee, slight; Cavitan,
William McNaulty. Company M. wounded Inv
knee, slight; February It. San Remedlo, James
C. Oallaiar, Company E, Nineteenth Infantry,
wounded in feet, slight; George B. Ross, Com
pany E, leg, severe* George Therrlen, corporal.
Company L, leg, Bevere; Thomas Ho«ty, wound
ed In arm, serious; William Nenzelburger. leg.
severe. ¦_ .
BOWERS MAKES DENIAL.
Says the Story Told byRH. Benja
min Is Palse and Malicious. '
Special Dispatch to The Can".
SEATTLE. Wash., March 19.— Deputy
United States Marshal L. L. Bowers of
Unga, Alaska, one of the passengers on
the 111-fated Wolcott, emphatically denies
the . charge* of cowardice made against
him by Edward H. Benjamin in The Call
of last Saturday. Mr. Bowers states that
he had bis prisoners locked up because
it was expected that a landing would be
made at Karluk and Uyak that night.-
Furthermore, that the charge that ha was
the first over the aid* of the ship and
pushed Mrs. Mayon aside Is malicious and
absolutely untrue, as he was among the
last in the boat. - '
In an interview this afternoon with Cap
tain Snow, J. H. Rand and E. B. Wood,
first and /second mates of the Wolcott,
they . all declared that Benjamin's I story
concerning Bowers was without i founda
tion In fact, i Captain Snow states ; that
Mr. Bowers was one of . the most cour
ageous men on board the steamer, who
early volunteered his services and materi
ally assisted him In the hour Of peril.
CONT RACT ANNULLED.
Work at Ban P«dro Was Not Proceed
- ing Rapidly Enough
'LOS ANGELES, March 19.— Captain J.
J. Meyler.the engineer in charge ot i the
Government work on San Pedro Harbor,
received notification this afternoon that
his ' recommendation ¦to the V department
ment that the contract with the firm of
Heldmever & Neu be annulled. had been
accepted by the. department.-"
The contract 'was let to Heldmeyer &
Neu of Chicago. Mr. Neu was killed here
shortly after the work was begun in: a
tally-ho accident and Mr. Heldmeyer has
since carried on - the work, though In a
desultory way. * There has never been a
month since the work was begun when as
much rock was dumped- on the break
water as the contract calls for.
Mr. Heldmeyer is understood to be on
hiß way from -Chicago to this *lty. The
notification to Captain Meyler comes from
Brigadier General J. ", N. .Wilson.
DEATHS FROM PLAGUE
Disease Continues to ; Garner Victims
.; •. in the' Antipodes.
SYDNEY, N.S.W., March 19.— Another
death from bubonic plague has occurred
here and ; two fresh cases ' are offlclall y
reported. ¦ r
ADELAIDE, South Australia, March
19.— Five deaths have recently occurred
here from what: is suspected to be the
bubonic plagrue. : :' ¦ - . '
American Locomotives Praised.
BERLIN. March 19.— The verdict of the
Prussian j Minister of Railways \ upon \ the
American'^ locomotives' that • were tried In •
Bavaria Is that '/'notwithstanding: I their
faultless construction they cost conaidcra- j
Dly *»es» I than locomotives i of similar styl*
ol Prussian make." - >;; "/ T'¦ ;y~ J
LJXCOLN. Neb.. March 19.— 1n effect W.
J. Bryan announced to-night to the Dem
ocratic party and to the nation at large
the platform which he considers best fcr
the Demo« ratlc party and practically upon
which he desires to stand if nominated a;
the Kansas City convention.
The platform, which was adopted by
the Nebraska Democracy with the great
est enthusiasm, reaffirms the Chicago
platform, declares for \"l6 to 1." op
poses a large ttandlng army, denounces
th«» action of the Republican party on the
Porto Rico tariff bill, declares against
trusts and "Imperialism" and favors the
choice of United States Senators by popu
lar vote. The platform Is practically the
creation of Mr. Bryan. He did not write
it personally, but he was consulted con
cerning It, and before It was read to the
convention ha fcad approved It through
out.
The platform adopted by the Populist
convention was substantially the same as
that adopted by the Democrats. It differs
somewhat in fcrm but conflicts In no es
sential point.
Both conventions tcwlay were enthusias
tic for Bry&n to the last degree, and
every mention of his name was greeted
with cheers of delipht and approval. In-
Ftructions were given to both delegations
to stand for Mr. Bryan in the Kansas City
and Sioux Kails conventions.
The Democratic convention was called
to order at S:l5 by James Dahlman, chair
maii of the Slate Democratic Committee.
He announced that Thomas J. Nolan had
been selected as temporary chairman. Mr.
Nolan took the chair and the temporary
organization was made permanent. The
committ. 1 * on resolutions presented the
following report, which was adopted amid
great enthusiasm:
Democracy's Platform.
We. the Democrats cf Nebraska. In conven
tion assembled, do hereby affirm and Indorse.
In wh..le and in lart. in letter and in spirit,
the platform adoj.ted by the Democratic
National Convention held in Chicago in I^6.
We favor amendments to the Federal consti
tution specially authorizing an Income tax,
and providing for the election of United States
Senators by a direct vote of the people.
We o^Dose judgment by injunction and the
blacklist and f*vur arbitration as a means
of iwttliiut disputes between corporations and
their «-mi>lcyes.
We observe with approval the support given
by I»enii>crats throughout the country to the
movement leaving them in the municipal own
ership of municipal franchises.
We favor the principle of the Initiative and
referendum wherever It can be applied.
We are in favor of liberal pensions to de
eervlng soldiers and to their dei>endents; we
believe that names upon the pension rolls
•shouid not be arbitrarily dropped, and we be
lieve, as stated in the last national platform,
that the fact of enlistment and of service
ehould be deemed conclusive evidence against
disease and disability before- enlistment.
We are in favor of the Immediate construc
tion nad fortification of the Xicaraguan canal
by the United States.
We concemn the Dingley tariff law as a
trura-breeding and extortion-inviting measure,
Fkillfully devised for the purpose of giving to a
few favors which they do not deserve and of
placing uiK>n the many burdens which they
should not bear.
We welcome the opportunity offered this year
to take t^e Federal Government out of the
hands "f the Republican party, which has
abandoned American ideas and American
ldealu anl at the command of corporate
wealth, has i,lmtted against the financial in
dependence «t the nation and menaced the in
dustrial independence of the individual, and
now contemplates the nullification of the decla
ration of American independence.
We pledge ourselves to wage an unceasing
warfare against all the trusts— the money
trust.- the Industrial trust and the Interna
tional land grabbing trust. •
Sixteen to One.
¦ Instead of a system which would chain our
nation to the gold standard and compel it to
participate in disturbances which come to
'Europe, we <itmand an American financial sys
tem, made by the Anserican people for them
selves, to be secured by the immediate restora
• tion of free and unlimited coinage of gold and
sliver at the present legal ratio of 16 to 1.
without waiting for the aid or consent of any
otfcer nation.
' The Republican administration has admitted
the gold standard to be unsatisfactory by ap
pointing a cummiKsiun to solicit foreign aid in
. restoring the double ptandard. and a Republican
Congrfss, even while trying to make "the gold
standard permanent, has confessed judgment
-against the standard by attempting to revive
the delusive hope of international bimetallism.
Instead of the system favored by the Re
publican party, under which national banks are
to be permitted to Issue and control the vol
ume of pajx?r money for their own oroflt, we
reiterate our demand for that financial sys
tem which re^ocnizes the Government's sov
ereign right to issue all money, whether coin
or pai*-r. and we demand the retention of the
greenbacks as they now exist and "the re
tirement of national bank notes as rapidly as
greenbacks can l»e pulnstltuted for them.
We believe that private monopolies are in
defensible and intolerable, and we condemn
the national administration for its failure to
enforce the cresent law atrainst the trusts or
to rwommerd a more effective law.
We favor a Ptatf constitution which will
prohibit the organization of a monopoly within
this SWate and al»o prevent a monopoly or
ganized «-lwwhere from dilng business within
the State; »<? further lx»li«>ve that Congress
rtiould supplement the efforts of the State by
legislation which will require every corporation.
DEMOCRACY'S CREED AS
DICTATED BY MR. BRYAN
Leaders Views Embodied in the Nebraska
Convention's Platform.
Sixteen-to-One Theory Reaffirmed and Trusts,
Imperialism and the Porto Rican
Tariff Denounced.
— before engaging in Interstate commerce, to
show that It has no water In Its stock and It
has neither, attempted In the past nor is at
tempting to monopolize any branch or busi
ness or the production of any article of mer
chandise.
Porto Eican Tariff Assailed.
In its platform of IS6O, the Renubllcan party
declared that the maintenance of ¦ the prin
ciples promulgated In the declaration of in-
I dependence and embodied In the Federal con
i Ptltution (viz: That all men are created equal;
| that they are endowed with Inalienable rights;
! that governments are Instituted to secure their
: rights, and that governments derive their Just
t powers from the consent of the governed), it is
i wisential to the preservation of republican ln
1 Htitutlons, but the Republican party, under its
I present leadership, is endangering the preser
j vatlon of republican institutions by placing the
j dollar above the man In the construction of
government, and of violating the principles
; that It once declared to be essential.
\\> condemn the Porto Rico tariff bill, re
cently passed by a Republican House of Rep
resentatives, as a bold and open • violation of
the nation's organic law, and a flagrant breach
ot faith. ¦ - '
We fcssert that the constitution follows the
flag, and denounce the doctrine that an execu
tive or a Congress, created and limited by the
constitution, can exercise lawful authority be
yond that constitution or In violation of it.
Believing that a nation cannot long endure
half . republican "and half emptre. we oppose
wars of conquest and colonial possession.
The Filipinos cannot be citizens without en
dangering our civilization; they cannot be sub
jects without endangering our form of gov
ernment, and *s we are not willing to sur
render our civilization or convert a republic
Into an empire, we favor an Immediate declara
tion of the nation's purpose to give to the
Filipinos, first, a stable form of government:
second, independence, and .third, protection
from outside Interference, as it has for nearly
a century gl\-en protection to the republics of
Central and South America.'
We favor the expansion of trade by every
legitimate and peaceful means, but we are
opposed to purchasing trade at the cannon's
mouth with human blood; neither do we be
lieve that trade secured and held by force
is worth the price that must be paid for it.
We are In favor of extending the nation's
lnflu<~ice, but we believe that that influence
should be extended, not by force and violence,
but throueh the persuasive power of a high
and honorable example.
Opposed to Militarism.'
oppose militarism. It Imposes upon the
P». j)le an unnecessary burden and is a con
stant menace. A small standing army and
well equipped State militia are sufficient In
time of peace; in time of war, the cltizen
soMier should be a republic's defense.
We believe, with Jefferson, in peace. In com
fnrt and honest friendship with all nations and
entangling alliances with none, and we regard
with apprehension the doctrine, advocated In
some quarters, that this nation should in Its
dealings or diplomacy show partiality toward
any of the European nations.
Not because of hostility to England, but be
cause we believe In the principles of a re
public and reject, as did our forefathers, the
theory of a monarchy, we sympathize with the
Boers in their attempt to preserve their
national Integrity. The failure of Republican
leaders, who four years asro expressed sym
pathy for the Cuban patriots, to feel an in
terest in the struggle of the Dutch in South
Africa, shows the paralyzing influence of the-
Imperial policy to which the administration is
now endeavoring: to commit this country.
1 While the committee on resolutions was
out -Richard Metcalf of Omaha, "W. D.
Oldham of Kearney, W. H. Thompson of
Grand Island and A. G. Tibbets of Lin
coln were chosen as delegates at large to
the national convention at Kansas City.
While the convention was In the midst of
a hot row over the choice of alternates to
the delegates at large Mr. Bryan appeared
in the hall. The sight of him put a stop
to all business, and' the delegates went
wild as he mounted the platform.
Speech of Mr. Bryan.
Mr. Bryan's speech dealt almost entirely
with the three questions which he has
been discussing in various parts of the
country— the money question, the trust
question arid imperialism. He Charged
the Republican party wltn having .prac
ticed a deliberate fraud upon the voters
in IS&6 by holding out the hope of Interna
tional bimetallism when the leaders nei
ther expected nor desired the restoration
of the double standard, either by Inde
pendent action or by international agree
ment. Hie denounced the currency feature
of the financial bill and said that the Re
publican party had never in a campaign
advocated the retirement of the green
backs and that it would not be able to
defend that bill before the country. He
said that a national bank currency se
cured by the Government bonds could not
be a permanent settlement of the cur
rency question unless, we had a perma
nent and increasing national bank.
On the trust question he reiterated his
condemnation of the Republican party,
saying:
The trust is bo bad a thing that the President
felt it necessary to denounce trusts In his mes
-aase last year, but he did not recommend a
remedy. •
Taking up the Philippine question, he
referred first to the Porto Rico bill and
said:
The desire to impose duties on goods coming
from Porto Rico comoelled . the Republican
party to disclose its Imperialistic tendencies.
{This bill has aroused a storm of protest from
Republicans in public and In private life.
But why fhouU any Republican be surprised?
imperialism means that the people brought un
der the nag are not to share in the guarantees
of the constitution. It is amailni; that Re
publicans have contemplated the permanent ac
qulßltion of the Philippine Islands without
stopping to consider the future status of the
Filipinos. Are tKe Filipino* to be citizens?
Are they to be allowed to come to the United
States with their Oriental methods of living
to compete with American labor? What good
does it do to exclude a few Chinese and then
bring In by force 8,000,000 Filipinos? Are the
Filipinos to expect to participate in our elec
tions? Is a Presidential contest to be deter
mined by the returns from- the Philippine
Islands? Are the questions ¦ which concern our
own people to be decided some day by the Sena
tors or Representatives In' Congress from the
Philippine Islands, and if the Filipinos are not
to be citizens are we BolDgr to change our con
stitution so as to hold them In a perpetual state
of vassalace? Can we expect anything but
their hatred so long as we pursue with carpet
bag Governors? ;.
The only settlement of the Philippine ques
tion consistent with American interests and
American principles is the settlement proposed
by the Democrats in the -Senate before the war
broke out In the Philippines, namely, a de
claration of the nation's purpose to give the
Filipinos Independence as soon as a stable
government is established. .
Strife Among Populists.
The Populist Convention was somewhat
turbulent from the start. There were nu
merous candidates for every position, and
objectors to every measure. Roll calls
were frequent and consequently progress
slow. The meeting opened with a spirited
contest for the . position of temporary
chairman, which finally fell to W.-D.
Westover of Chadron. • ¦ . . •
The committee on credentials decided
against the claims of the middle-of-the
road Populists from Omaha to be classed
,as delegates and barred them ¦ from - the
convention. * t ¦-. .- ...
The position of D. Clem Deaver of
Omaha as member of the Populist Na
tional Committee from! Nebraska was de
clared vacant a"nd E. E. Thomas of Omaha
was chosen in his place. Mr. Deaver was
ousted for the reason that he "was not
considered a member of the Populist
party."
After having denied admission as'dele
gates to the Populist Convention' the
"middle-of-the-roaders" held a small con
vention of their own and appointed a 1a 1 Ne
braska delegation to, attend the Populist
Convention at Cincinnati. They also de
cided to hold a«£tate convention In-Ne
braska at some ' date after the Kansas
City convention. «¦ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 20, 1900.
MR. SHELDON
TO LABOR IN
IN A NEW FIELD
Cbristian Daily Editor Will
Establish Non-Sectarian
Bands.
«
"What Would Jesus' Do?" th« Ques-
tion to Guide th 4\ Members in
Their Every-Day
Life.
? ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA. March 19.— Rev. Charles W.
Savidge has Just returned from Topeka,
where he had a long Interview with Rev.
Charles W. Sheldon on church matters.
He said:
"Mr. Sheldon Is a ' very unpretentious
man, dresses simply but neatly, and car
ries a silver watch which could not have
cost over Jo. The Immense amount of
money which he has earned during the
past few years from his books' has been
almost wholly spent in building up his
kindergarten. Before the first edition of
the Capital had appeared Rev. Mr. Shel
don received an oiler from the ££ew York
World of a position as editorial writer oi»
that paper at a salary of $15,000 a year.
He refused the offer.
"In speaking of his plans for the future
he said that he expected in. a short time'
to take an eight months* trip to Europe,
where he would study and rest. After
that he would return to this country and
establish headquarters in the East, from
which point he would make trips through
the country and establish 'Sheldon bands.'
These bands were to be non-sectarian,
and their object would be to lead lives
which would be guided by 'What Would
Jesus do?' This will necessitate his giv
ing up his church at Topeka."
Mr. Savldge says that while the Capital
could not continue as a newspaper in its
present form Mr. Sheldon's experiment
would undoubtedly result in a thorough
awakening of the public mind as to what
a newspaper should be and would have
a lasting result on the people of the coun
try. " - .
BAT AUCTION!
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY March *T. 1900.
AT 11 O'CLOCK. NOCW. AT
Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street
¦ .-;..;¦ This picture shows a low-crowned Hawes — the spring B
¦ ,•¦.¦.¦.-•;¦ Haw.es hats are made Jn the same blocks as the five B
¦ dollar hats, except that there is some striking stylish in- B
¦I The manufacturers of the Hawes hats are as particu- B
¦ lar about the material as they are about the styles. They B
H aim to make a popular hat at a popular price — the price is B
the same everywhere — . - H
H V Stiff Hats- "¦ , ¦ Soft Hats— ' B
D Seven shapes. . Seven shapes. H
¦ ; Five colors— black, > Six colors— black, brown, ' H
¦ . brown, Java, chrome Java, chrome, French m
H and brown mixed. brown and pearl. I
H Union Label In every hat. * I
H . ,--';. Cut-of-town orders filled— writ* for illustrated catalogue No. 2. Wk
¦ 718 Market Street. B
f-^-BlS^S^B^S^S^a^S^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^
2to limit the appropriation to the. money
collected to January 1, 1900. Cannon 1 ridi
culed the Democrats for their harsh words
concerning the treatment accorded Porto
Rico in contrast with the treatment ac
corded it by Spain. They had, he" said,
changed their tune in two short years.
Now to hear them one would believe Spain
had the kindliest government on earth.
The motion to concur was lost, 86 to lie,
a strict party vote, except that o'Thayer
(D.) of Massachusetts, who voted with the
Republicans.* The motion to non-concur
tßen prevailed without division.
The Speaker appointed Messrs. Cannon,
Moody and Mcßae conferees on the part
of the House.
The Senate agreed to the request of
the House that a conference be held' on
the bill appropriating $2,095,000 for the
benefit of the people of Porto Rico, and
Senators Allison, Hale and Cockrell were
appointed as the Senate conferees.'
. — ¦
SENATORS DISCUSS
PORTO RICAN TARIFF
WASHINGTON, March 19.— Two meas
ures of national importance, and many of
slightly lesser Interest, were passed by the
Senate to-day. The legislative, executive
and Judicial appropriation bill, carrying
more than $25,000,000, was passed without
debate. The measure providing for the
appointment of a commission to adjudi
cate and settle claims of the people of the
United States growing out of the war
with Spain was also passed without oppo
sition. ¦ ', r- v
For a brief time the Porto Rican gov
ernment and tariff measure was under
consideration. Mr. Foraker, in charge of
the ' bill, submitted ' some committee
amendments. A few of them were agreed
to, but the important ones are still pend
ing. A free trade amendment to the bill
was offered by Senator Beveridge. It was
as follows: "c"*>;.^
All articles coming Into the United States
from Porto Rico or going Into Porto Rico from
the United States snail be admitted free of
duty, but this act shall not be construed as ex
tending th"c constitution of the Unled States
or any part thereof over Porto Rico, and it Is
hereby declared that the constitution of the
United States Is not extended over Porto Rico.
Foraker then called up the Porto Rican
government and tariff bill for the purpose,
as he explained, of perfecting the. bill so
far as possible from the standpoint of the
committee, in order that a reprint might
be had of the measure. .
The first amendment suggested by For
aker related to the citizenship of the in
habitants of Porto Rico. As reported, the
bill provides that the inhabitants of Porto
Rico shall be "citizens of the United
States." The amendment offered by For
aker inserted some words after the term
"citizens," making the paragraph read:
"Shall be deemed and held to be citizens
of Porto Rico, and as such entitled to the
protection of- the United States." The
amendment was objected to by Bacon of
Georgia and went over.
Another amendment eliminated entirely
section 5 of the original Senate bill and
Insorted In lieu thereof the following:
The Commissioner of ; Navigation shall make
such regulatlona, subject to , the approval • of
the Secretary of the Treasury, as he shall deem
expedient for the nationalization of all vessels
owned by Inhabitants' of Porto Rico on April
11, 1899, and which continued to be so owned up
to the - date of such nationalization, and ¦ for
the admlrslon of, the same to all the benems
of the canting trade of the United States. And
the coantirs trade between the United Sta:es
and Poi io Rico ¦ shall be regulated - with • the
provisions of law. applicable to such trade be
tween any two great coasting districts. .
This amendment waa agreed to. After
some further amendments, principally
changing the phraseology of the original
measure, had. been offered, the Senate
held a brief executive session, adjourning
at 4:45 p. m.. ;-
BEVERIDGE EXPLAINS
HIS AMENDMENT
WASHINGTON. March 19.-^Seimtor
Beveridge made the s following! statement
to-day ; regarding ; the V amendment s to* tho
Porto ; Rican bill offered by him providing
for free trade .between the Island 'and the
United States. _ but expressly i declaring
that the constitution of the United States
Is not extended over Porto Rico:
We c have followed the President's suggestion
appropriating,. $2,000,000 for the Immediate I re
lief of Porto Rico, which , la more than > the
House bill would have given the Island; in the
entire ¦ two years , of Its life. • This removes the
reason which . members i had for voting f6r : the
bill i a.nd restores us :to | the I position first | an
nounced .by the . President. ¦ On : the great prin
ciple - Involved we ¦-. are >In harmony ¦ with the
Presidents The ' object of my amendment '-¦ Is
the same as that of Senator Davis, but the Ut
ter extends all of the taxation and revenue pro
visions of the constitution over Porto Rice, and
when any, part of the constitution la extended
H Is there forever. < It may ibe that experience
will demonstrate that we shall want to Changs
the laws of taxation In Porto Rico, and if so,
I fear that the extension of the taxing provi*- ,
BLOCKS THE
PORTO RICAN
RELIEF BILL
House Refuses to Concur in
Amendments Made by
the Senate.
Republicans Vote Solidly in Opposi
tion and the Democrats in
Support of the
Changes.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— The House
to-day refused to concur in the Senate
amendments to the Porto Bican relief
bill. The Democrats supported a motion
to concur on the ground that It would
avoid further delay in extending relief to
the Inhabitants of the islands, but the
Republicans stood firmly behind Chairman
Cannon In his demand that the House
should insist on its original provision to
appropriate not only the money collected
on Porto Rlcan goods up to January 1,
1900, but all subsequent moneys collected
or to be collected. The remainder of the
day was devoted to District of Columbia
business.
Cannon called up .the Porto Rico appro
priation bill- and moved that the House
non-concur in .the Senate amendments.
Mcßae of Arkansas moved concurrence.
Cannon explained the changes made in the
bill by .the : Senate which, he said, re
stricted the appropriations to the duties
collected to January 1. 1900. The House
provision appropriated also the duties col
lected after that date and those to be
hereafter collected. . The other change
made by the Senate, that designating the
purpose to which the money should be
he said, was only a change of form,
le House provision having left the expen
diture of the money to the discretion of
the President. • '
Pell of Colorado advocated concurrence
in the Senate amendments, because,- he
said, the language of those amendments
distinctly assumed the installation of a
civil government In Porto Rico in the near
future. *
Ball Chides Cannon.
Ball of Texas said he waa astonished to
hear the gentleman (Cannon) move.non
concurrence in the Senate amendments.
When the bill was originally before the
House Cannon had appealed for "storm
swept, starving Porto Rico." Concurrence
would send to the island immediate relief.
Non-concurrence would cause delay. •¦ Ball
paid his respects to the "anonymoui Cab
inet officer" who some days ago attacked
as crafty politicians those who had re
fused to support . the Porto Rlcan tariff
bill He said he could hardly believe that
one who assailed others In such an under
hand way could be a member of the Cab
"Moody of Massachusetts supported Can
non's motion and said the conflict of the
two members had absolutely .nothing to do
with the question of free trade between
the United States and Porto Rico. >
McCleary of Minnesota, in advocating
Cannon's motion, declared that the Porto
Rican tariff bill proposed to treat the
people or the Island better than the peo
ple of any territory -of the United States
ever were treated. . *¦¦•¦¦¦
. Swanson of Pennsylvania denounced the
Porto Rican tariff bill as "Infamous" and
said the pending bill to give back- the
duties collected under the Dingley .-. law
was an » attempt to "sugar-coat the out
rage." . The power to fix the duties on
goods coming into and going from this
country was, the power accorded by Eng
land prior to the revolution and was one
of the main . reasons why the colonies
threw off the yoke.
Democrats Inconsistent.
• Hemenway of . Indiana said the trouble
with the Democrats was they talked one
way and voted another. The Republicans
proposed -to deal with the situation in a
practical way. They did . not propose to
give the .Porto. Ricana free, trade and Im
pose . Internal revenue taxes upon ; them.
They proposed to give the ; people |of the
islands every < dollar heretofore , collected
under the Dingley law and every dollar
under the 15 per cent rates. ........ ; . ¦?-.
.. Cannon said words were cheap. Action
was the ' material ; thing. * His motion was
designed to turn over, to the Porto Rlcans
every dollar heretofore and hereafter col
lected. The motion of Mcßae was designed
BISHOP POTTER
ON PHILIPPINES
Praises Work of General Otis, and
Declares Natives Not in Con
dition for Self-Government.
MERRIAM WAS
NOT SUPREME
AT WARDNER
State Officials Permitted to
Direct Operations of
Troops.
>
Governor Steunenberg and His Agent
Were in Partial Control of the
Forces of the United
States.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— The Coeur
d'Alene investigation was resumed to-day
by the House Committee on Military Af
fairs, with J. H. Forney, special prosecu
tor at tho scene of the disorder, on the
stand. Representative Hay of Virginia
directed the examination with a view, of
ilisclosing how far the United States
troops were under the control and direc
tion of Governor Steunenberg and his ex
ecutive official in Shoshone County. Bart
lett Sinclair. Hay asked if General Mer
riam was the responsible commander not
only of the troops but also of tho affairs
cf the district in general. The witness
Bald General Merriam was not the respon
sible commander, as the Governor and
Sinclair directed affairs. To a certain ex
tent they controlled the United States
forces. Forney said that the troops were
tent there to aid in suppressing the insur
rection, and they did this by co-operating
with and assisting the State officials.
Hay paid that while he did not question
the right of the Governor to call for
troops or the right of the President to
tend them, he maintained that the Presi
dent had no authority to place the United
States troops under the control of State
authorities.
Questions by Lentz brought out that
Bartlett Sinclair was a civil officer under
the law, but that he exercised certain
military authority in order to make ef
fective his civil authority.
Forney stated that in his opinion the
trouble between the union and non-union
men in the Coeur d'Alene district was ir
reconcilable and that one or the /other
class would have to leave. Trouble had
been going on since 1692 and the camp was
too small to permit both elements to re
main in peace. Lentz sought to develop
that the union men were being systemati
cally driven out by the permit system, but
this the witness denied.
On redirect examination the witness
said that In his opinion, based on all the
circumstances coming under his observa
tion, the Governor was justified in pro
claiming martial law. Forney's testimony
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Plnkham person-
ally attends to her tre-
mendous correspondence
with suffering women.
Her trained assistants
are all women.
The letters from women
are opened by women
only.
They aro read by wo-
men only.
They, aro answered by
women and only women.
.. The correspondence is
sacredly confidential.
Write for a book Mrs.
Pinkham has Just pub-
lished which contains let-
ters from the mayor of
Lynn, the postmaster of
Lynn and others of her
own city who have made
careful investigation.
fflrs. Pinkham has
helped a million women
who suffered with female
troubles.. She can cure
YOU. Her address is
Lynn, Mass.
WILL ADJUDICATE WAR
CLAIMS AGAINST SPAIN
Senate Passes the Bill for the Ap
pointment of Commissioners
by the President.
WASHINGTON. March 19.— The Senate
to-day took up a bill to carry into effect
the stipulations of article 7 of the treaty
between the United States and Spain. It
provides for the appointment by the Pres
ident of three commissioners to receiv*,
examine and adjudicate all claims of citi
zens of the United States against Spain
which the United States agreed to adiudi
cate and settle. The sum of $50,000 annu
ally Is appointed for the expense of'lhe
commission, the life of the commission be
ing fixed at two years.
Davis, in charge of the measure, ex
pressed the belief that substantially all
the claims had already been filed with th"s
State Department, and they aggregated
about J20.000.000. '
An amendment proposed by Hoar was
agreed to, extending the time for filing
claims with the commission from s'x
months to one year after the organization
of the commission. At the suggestion of
Cockrell the right of appeal offered by the
bill, to both the United States and the
claimants, to the Supreme Court of the
United States was stricken out. The bill
thus provides for but one appeal, namely,
from the findings of the commission to the
United States Court of Appeals. As
amended, the measure was passed with
out division.
PITIABLE DISTRESS
OF THE PORTO RICANS
WASHINGTON. March 19.— Adjutant
General Corbin received a cable message
to-day from General Davis, commanding
the Department of Porto Rico, saying
that the condition of the Inhabitants of
the island Is distressing and the suffer
ing so general and widespread that he
will require at least 500 tons of food sup
plies weekly until further notice in pro
portions of 4-7 rice, 2-7 beans and 1-14 each
of bacon and codilsh. . Arrangements are
being made in the subsistence and quar
termaster general's departments to meet
this requisition as promptly and regularly
as possible. The transport Burnside,
which is scheduled to leave New York
for San Juan on the 21st lnst., probably
will take the first consignment of relief
supplies, and similar shipments wfll be
made each succeeding week by other
transports. j , '%. ..
PUPILS FILE CHARGES.
Claim Thsy Were Unfairly Treated
in the State Normal School.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. March 19.— There promises
to be some interesting developments at
the regular meeting of the trustees of the
State Normal School on Thursday next.
At that time charges will be preferred
against Mrs. Place, head of the training
department, by Mrs. N. P. Kelly of Gon
zales and H. E. Miller of this city, and it
is pretty certain that an investigation will
follow. Both complaints will be the same,
and they ' will charge that Mrs. Place,
through prejudice and malice, refused to
allow Henry Miller and Lizzie Kelly, a
daughter of Mrs. Kelly, to graduate, con
ditioning them in manual training after
they had passed in all other studies.
Both these complainta have been made
to the trustees before, but they refused to
act because they were not In writing.
Lizzie Kelly spont about seven years at
the school, starting in the training- de
partment. She claims Mrs. Place. took a
special dislike to her and ,; frequently
boasted she would never let her, seta
diploma.
Miller a few months ago began an action
in court to compel the faculty < to , grant
him a' diploma, and the case is still pend-
An unusually large number of affidavits
have been secured by Mrs. Kelly and Mil
ler from ex-students and graduates of the
school sustaining their charges, and these
will be presented. •
Would Elevate Miles.
WASHINGTON, March 19. — Senator
Lodge, in the Senate, and Representative
Moody, in the House, introduced a joint
resolution making the senior major gen
eral of the army, while commanding the
army, a lieutenant general, and the adju
tant general of the army a major general.
ions of the constitution would prevent us. On
all questions of power Congress should be left
with an absolutely free and unshackled hand.
SEEKS LEGAL SEPARATION.
Mrs. Bertha Branch Files Suit for
Absolute Divorce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. March 19.— Mrs. Bertha
Branch, who had her husband. Georga
Branch, arrested a few days ago for at
tempting her. life, to-day began proceed
ings for divorce on the ground* of cruelty.
The couple were married June 29. IS9S. At
that time the plaintiff was a Mrs. Kohl
becker, and a widow of but a few months,
with a fortune of about $23,000. Branca,
was an employe about her husband's
ranch.
The divorce complaint charges that ia
October following their marriage her hus
band threatened to kill her. and that on
March 8 last he entered her room in tha
Russ House in this city and. catching hold
of her pressed a loaded revolver to her
face and snapped the trigger several
times, declaring that he intended to kill
her. There is no community property,
and all she asks for is an absolute di
vorce
Branch Is now serving ISO days In tha
County Jail for battery on his wife, and
there la another sentence of fifteen days
pending for carrying a concealed weapon-
was closed late in the day and the com
mittee adjourned.
NEGRO SOLDIERS IN
A SHOOTING AFFRAY
Two Fort Sherman Regulars Seri-
ously Wounded at Coeur
d'Alene City.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— News of the
shooting of two negro soldiers at Coeur
d'Alene City, near Fort Sherman, waa re
ceived to-day in a dispatch from acting
Adjutant General McCain. Coeur d'Aleno
City is seventy-five miles from the Coeur
d'Alene mining district, and the affair ia
not connected with the mining troubles.
Instead it seems to have been the result
of a drunken row. The dispatch follow hi
VANCOUVER BARRACKS. Wash., March
19.— Adjutant General. Washington: Command
ing officer Fort Sherman reports Privates
Westhayes and David F. Hayden. Company M,
Twenty-fourth Infantry, were badly shot In
Coeur d'Alene City. Suspected parties under
arrest. Recovery of men doubtful. All quiet
here. McCAIX.
Acting Assistant Adjutant General,- In absence
department commander.
RATHDRUM. Idaho. March 19.— At 3
o'clock Sunday morning a row occurred in
Coeur d'Alene, In Pheifer's saloon, in
which two colored soldiers, named Hayes
and Hayden, were shot. Hayes was shot
through the lungs and will die. The ball
passed through the body and was after
ward picked up on the floor of the sa
loon. Hayden was shot in the breast, the
ball entering near the heart and ranging
upward. The bullet has not yet been lo
cated. The wound is Berlous. After hav
ing been shot both negroes walked down
to the garrison, about a half-mile away.
The man who fired the shots has not been
located.
T EXINGTON, Ky., March 19.— When
I news of the alleged confession
I of Sergeant' F. Wharton Golden
1 reached leading Republicans at
J "^ Frankfort, Louisville and Lexington
there was much discomfiture. They, be
lieved Golden the most rabid Republican
in the State and they are unwilling to ad
mit that he has made a confession. One
of the leaders at Frankfort said he would
never believe that "Wharf Golden had
become a traitor until he heard it from
his own lips, but to-night the former idol
of the Republicans is in hiding and no
body knows where ha is. He passed
through this city this afternoon at 5
o'clock and departed immediately over an
other road for the north. Many persons do
not believe he- will be present at the trial
of the suspects, which has been set for
next Friday at Frankfort, as the prosecu
tion was not ready to-day when the cases
were called. At Barboursville, Golden's
home, there were loud "threats made
against him by his former friends and
associates and he was denounced as a
It came out at Frankfort to-day that
the name of a mulatto, who is accused by
the prosecution of being the man who
fired the shot which killed Goebel. is
"Yellow Dick" Combs and that he is now
in Beattyville. Lee County. He was for
merly a citizen of Winchester, where he
got into some trouble, and departed for
the mountains. A negro who went to
Frankfort with him is named Hecker
Smith. The prosecution knows with whom
tho negroes boarded and they know that
one of the men now under arrest paid
their board. It is given out to-night that
the reason these men have not been ar
rested is the danger of mob violence. If
they are brought to the capital during the
present exciting times It is believed no
power on earth could prevent Goebel's
friends from hanging or probably burning
them to death.
Arraigned for Trial.
FRANKFORT. .Ky., March 19.— Caleb
Powers, John Davis and William H. Cul
ton, charged with being accessories to the
murder of William Goebel, were arraigned
for trial to-day before Judge Moore. The
commonwealth announced not ready, and
by agreement the trials were set for next
Friday, at which time County Attorney
Potsgrove said he, thought he could get
his witnesses and not ask a further con
tinuance. Ex-Governor John Brown made
a demand for a list of witnesses for the
commonwealth, but this was refused by
the attorney for the prosecution on the
ground that publicity might cause some
of them to avoid being summoned, t
The commonwealth's attorney. Frank
lin, and County Attorney Potsgrove re
fused to either affirm or deny the story
that Sergeant Golden had made an alleged
confession of knowledge concerning the
Goebel assassination.
Beckham and Taylor.
LOUISVILLE, March 19.— Governors
Beckham and Taylor took the same
train for Frankfort to-day after spend
ing Sunday in this city quietly. It is be
lieved nothing occurred during their visit
that will have an important effect upon
their contest.
The Democratic attorneys filed with
Judge Field to-day a demurrer to the
amended answer of the Republicans in
the Governorship suit. As no new points
were raised by. counsel for Governor Tay
lor, it is expected Judge Field will not re
quire much time to dispose of the case.
A decision reaffirming his recent • ruling
that his court lacks the power to review
the action of the Legislature seating
Beckham is expected within a day or
two, when the case will be taken to the
Court of Appeals.
An Anti-Goebel Conspiracy.
CINCINNATI, March 19.— T. C. Camp
bell, who has been employed by the
brothers of the late William Goebel to
assist the commonwealth's attorneys in
the prosecution of the assassin of GOebel,
was here. to-day fresh from a conference
with his assistants at Lexington, "Ky. In
conversation Mr. Campbell said that so
far as now known the assassin was not
yet arrested. He added that the assassin
would be arrested whenever a force of
3000 armed men could be had to go to a
certain county in Eastern Kentucky. He
said further that the attorneys for the
commonwealth claim to have proof to es
tablish a conspiracy for the assassination,
but he made the assertion that this con
spiracy was not charged against the Re
publican leaders, but against what Is
known as the "antl-Goebel party." He
further said it includes men who were
officials prior to the late election and men
who thought* they became officials after
the late election.
HOPES SENATE
WILL RATIFY
FRENCH TREATY
Davis Will Work for Its
Adoption at This ¦
Session.
Is Preparing a Statement Showing
the Advantage to American In
terests Which Will Result
From Its Operation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, "WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. March 19.
— Senator Davis, . chairman of the Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations in charge
of the French reciprocity treaty, said to
day that notwithstanding the purpose to
extend the time for the exchange of rati
fications, he proposes to do all he can to
obtain a ratification during the present
session. •
The Senator is preparing a careful
statement showing the advantages to
American Interests which will follow the
operation of the treaty. He expects to
complete his statement in the course of
a week and will. ask that it be printed, so
that each Senator may be supplied with
a copy and at his leisure consider the
beneficial results which it shows will flow
from its ratification. Senator Davis
will state that the French treaty Is a fair
bargain for both powers. Only In eight
cases has there been a reduction of 2t>
per cent and in no Instance to the detri
ment of American industry and labor.
The average ad valorem duty remaining
after several reductions (which apply only
to France) are sufficient to fully protect
the American producer.
The French treaty will expire In four
days unless an extension should be agreed
upon by the two governments. It is un
derstood that Secretary Hay proposed to
the Paris authorities an extension of one
year. M. Cambon, the French Embas
sador, is awaiting instructions from his
Government before signing a provision ex
tending the time of ratification. No doubt
exists at the French Embassy of the will
ingness of France to extend the time of
ratification. The authorities are satisfied
that consideration of the treaty will show
the Senate the desirability of ratifying it.
They still declare, however, that until rat
ification occurs, no negotiations of a new
reciprocity treaty will be begun.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
can negotiate any treaty it sees fit with
a European government respecting the
isthmian canal, you may regard it as cer
tain that the isthmian republics will de
cline to recognize the provisions of any
instrument which they resrard as hostile
to their Interests and welfare."
On the Verge of a Clash.
Reports have reached diplomatic quar
ters here respecting disturbances in Cen
tral America, which, show that Costa Rica
is in a state of complete preparedness for
war. Her troops have been placed in
strategical positions along the Nicaragua
frontier, under instructions to resist an
invasion either by revolutionary forces
under Senor Mora or an expedition organ
ized and dispatched by Nicaragua, Mora
1b said by some reports to have only a
.few followers, by others to have 600 sol
diers under his command, ajxd it has been
reported that he has 2000 men under arms.
The last report Is believed to be exag
gerated. It is the purpose of Costa Rica
to remain ready for war until she has re
ceived assurances from Nicaragua that
her soil will not be invaded.
It is understood that one of the objects
of Minister Merry's visits to Managua is
to Induce the Nicaragua government to
abstain from any act of hostility and to
assure Costa Rica that her fears are un
founded.
It is further understood that an alliance
in fact, though it is not certain whether it
exists on paper, has been formed by
Guatemala, Nicaragua and Honduras, and
Costa Rica and San Salvador are bound
to resist together an act of aggression on
the part of the three governments named.
It is reported that San Salvador has en
deavored to effect an alliance with Mex
ico asainst Guatemala, and, therefore,
against Honduras and Nicaragua. Just
what foundation there is in this report
cannot be ascertained here. The authori
ties are not only desirous of ascertaining
if this report is true, but also if there is
any connection between it and prepara
tions which are being made for the con
struction of the canal.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. March 19.
—It can be stated authoritatively that the
State Department has been informed that
all of the governments of Central Amer
ica are opposed to the Davis amendment
to the Hay-Pauncefote treaty. In the
opinion of the governments designated,
the amendment places an entirely new
pha^e upon the designs of the United
States in connection with the construc
tion of the canal. Neutrality of the
waterway would, to a certain extent,
have deprived the powerful republic of the
north of an incentive to .'inquire their ter
ritory. Since the war with Spain and the
consequent expansion of the United
States, some apprehension has been ex
pressed by the southern countries that
the United States would next turn it 6 at
lenticr. to them. The Hay-Pauncefote
treaty was, consequently, hailed by the
Central American nations as a guarantee
that they would' not be molested, as the
international neutrality of the canal
¦would prevent interference in isthmian af
fairs by other governments. The Davis
amendment, however, places in the hands
of this Government the right to not only
I take measures for Its own defense with
reference to the canal, but permits it to
use force "for the maintenance of public
order.' 1
"That is to 3ay." said a diplomat to
day, "supposing a condition to exist in
Central America such as is now reported,
the administration in power, desirous of
extending the boundaries of the United
States and of securing permanent control
of the waterway, could send an armed
force to Central America to maintain pub
lic order. And this force, on the-i>lea of
preventing a renewal of trouble, need
r.ever be withdrawn.
"Naturally the powers of Central Amer
ica object to the • Davis amendment,
though they have made no official repre
sentations on the subject to the State De
partment. But while this> Government
Ing dally and he has handled them . all
with discretion. One thing is evident, and
that is that the Filipinos are in no condi
tion for self-government. If a civil gov
ernment were imposed it would need a
large military" force to maintain it.
"Several friends of Aguinaldo," contin
ued the Bishop, "called upon me in Hong
kong and told t me that they were satis
fled that thereVcould be no success for
his undertaking. The better class of Fili
pinos are satisfied that American occupa
tion means increased prosperity and are
not raisins any objections."
Bishop Potter told of a visit he made to
a factory in Manila, where about 450 Fili
pino boys and girls were spinning cotton
cloth. The overseer told him they had
learned to work the looms in about six
weeks, whereas Irish and Scotch children
took as many months before they were
of any service. The natives seemed to
take kindly to the confinement of factory
life, but they objected to the orders
against smoking in the factories.
Asked about the future of the Anglican,
church in the islands. Bishop Potter said
he saw no reason why it should not be
successfully introduced to the natives.
He had found, he said, no evidence of
any pagan religion. The Roman Catholic
religion was pretty generally observed,
and as education spreads the tenets of
the Anglican church will receive general
acceptance. Much of the good order ex
isting and the many manifestations of
good will to the Americans Bishop Potter
attributes to the high moral character of
the American soldiery.
NEW YORK, March 19.— Bishop Potter,
who has just returned from a five months'
tour which Included visits to the Philip
pines, Japan and India, talked to-day re
garding his Impressions. The trip was
made at the instance of the committee on
increased responsibilities of the Protestant
Episcopal church. He was most inter
ested, he said, in the condition of affairs
in China and Japan. He noticed a grad
ual friendliness between the two nations
and prohpesied that when Japan has
taught the Chinese the art of war neither
England, Russia nor Germany will decide
the fate of the East. The Chinese do not
love the Japanese, but, recognizing that
they have nothing to hope from the Euro
pean nations, are gladly establishing an
entente cordiale with the Japanese.
Referring to the Philippine " situation.
Bishop Potter said he went to the islands
in an attitude of antagonism. He de
clined to say if his opinions had altered,
but said he recognized the question as a
purely academic one.
"Whatever we might have done," he
said, "a year or more back, there is but
one thing for us to do now. and that is
to hold on to the islands and assume the
responsibility for their future. The mili
tary administration of the islands is be
yond praise. General Otis has not re
ceived half the recognition to which he Is
entitled. His position has been one of ext
reme delicacy. New questions are aris-
Much Speculation ¦ Among Leading Kentucky Re
'¦ ' : publicans Over Golden's Alleged ,
NEGROES ACCUSED OF KILLING
GOEBEL IN DANGER OF VIOLENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 20,> 1900.
WANT NO FORTS
ON THE CANAL
Central American Republics Are in
Favor of the Hay-Paunceforte
Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BB^S i. : v - ' "- V m w -' I 111 I ¦# 19 I I
raS^B \ • -i B9 H I I ¦ , y ¦ ¦ ¦ JJ^
¦ I^^lh ¦$¦' ' ¦ • ~— • »v" v i I ¦ *
B lilli iwH /f ° uf of town ' wrii * for * eif - mea * uHn 9 bhnk E
f^yfl SUStoodaCol
3Boy Gage in the Hospital.
LOS ANGELES, March 19— Roy ., Gage,
the 13-year-old son' of Governor Gage and
Mro. Gage, arrived here this morning and
went to ; the California Hospital. The boy
fell from a water tank at the Gage ranch
several years ago. It has been found that
an operation is neceeaary, and he has been
taken to th* hospital for that purpose.
CROPS ARE
BENEFITED BY
LIGHT RAINS
Farmers and Merchants
Generally Are Jubi
lant*
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 19.— Although
the weather bureau predicted showers for
to-day and^to-nlght,' with the. exception
of a light mist that barely wet the
ground the dry season remains unbroken.
Reports from Pasadena say a little rain
fell on the mountains. From Riverside,
Redlands, Covlna, Monrovia, Colton and
other Interior towns reports are to the
effect that no rain has fallen during the
day. There Is hop* for moisture, as
heavy clouds are banked In. the eastern,
southern and northern horizon, and this
cloudy condition south of Tehachapl, It Is
explained by Forecast Official Franklin,
arises from a low area that is central in
Southern Nevada.
MILTON. March" 19.— A slight rain has
fallen at intervals in. this vicinity to-day
and the Indications are good for more.
Feed was never better here than at this
time and the crop conditions could not
be more favorable. The conditions early
In the season were not favorable for seed
ing, but with that exception the winter
and the spring thus far have been all
that the most exacting could desire.
PLACERVILLB. March 19. — Light
showers of rain began falling in this city
at an early hour this morning. Indica
tions point, to a continuance , of the rain.
The weather has been very warm for the
past ten days and the rain will be of great
benefit to late sown grain. The fruit crop
has set well and Is far advanced. Grain
In all sections of the country looks well
and promises an abundant harvest.
PASO ROBLES, March 19.— 1t began
raining here at about 5 o'clock this morn
ing. Thirty, hundredtha of an Inch fell,
making a total of twelve inches for the
season. Everybody Is jubilant over the
brilliant : prospects. Crops are now as
sured.
. SALINAS. March ID.— Monterey County,
especially the southern portion, received a
heavy - rainfall " to-day, and Indications
point to a continued storm. The precipi
tation for the storm in Salinas Is .10—
9.61 for the season, against 7 Inches to this
time. last year. The rainfall for southern
towns ' Is: , Gonzales, .13; San Lucas, .34;
Bradley, .20: San Ardo. ,60. ' ¦„
SAN MIGUEL, March 19.— Another gen
erous downpour of rain began about day
light, and up to 8 a. m.. nearly half an
Inch had fallen. This section has now
received 7.60 - Inches ; for- the season, and
crops' are Insured. : Farmers and. mer
chants are happy over the 'prospects.
the management. The number of paint
ings offered surpassed expectations. In
order to make room for all work present
ed members of the committee surrendered
line . space. The jury appointed -to vass
upon the merit of the work submitted re
jected 150 examples. Yet It was announced
at the institute yesterday that one hun
dred acceptable examples of work would
be excluded for lack of space.
Among the prominent exhibitors of
paintings are: Hill, Keith, Mathews
Pages, Peck, Judson, Yelland, 1 Cadanasso,
I^atlmer, Fonda, Stanton.Seawell, Kunafh,
Hittell, Griffin, Greenbaum, Gamble, Mrs.
Chlttenden, Mrs. Clara Curtis, Miss Anna
Harmon, Julia Heynemann and Evelyn
McConnick.
Among the exhibitors of statuary are:
Edgar Walter, Earl Cummings, Le Jeune,
Robert I. Aitken, M. P. Neilsen, Gertrude
Boyle, Douglas Tllden, Sybil Easterday
and F. Peano.
Chris Jorgensen withdrew his pictures,
as water, colors are excluded from the
new gallery. Space Is provided In the Ut
tle gallery upstairs and In one of the
drawing-rooms on the main floor for water
colors.
The exhibition will surely represent the
best work of California artists.' The new,
gallery affords light for the proper dis
play of paintings. No doubt the attend
ance of visitors will be exceptionally
large. Art lovers of the resident popula
tion will make a special effort to view the
collection, and surely many of the tour
ists now in the city will take pleasure In
viewing the picture show. +
The celebrated painter Thomas Hill will
exhibit his latest and greatest painting of
the Yosemite Valley.
ANTI-TRUST
LAW OF TEWS
IS UPHELD
Decision Handed Down in
United States Supreme
Court.
JUSTICE HARLAN DISSENTS
»
Case in Question Was That of the
Waters-Pierce Oil Company, In
volving Its Bight to Do
Business in Texas.
WASHINGTON. March 19.— 1n tho
I'nited States Supreme Court to-day an
opinion was handed down In the case of
the Waters-Pierce Oil Company, Involv
ing Its right to do business in the State
of Texas, contrary to the provisions of the
State anti-trust laws of ISS9 and 1896.
It was charged, among other things,
that the Waters-Pierce Company waa a
member of the Standard Oil trust as or
ganized in ISS2. and various other allega
tions were made, but tho court did not
enter upon a general discussion of the
trust, contenting itself with" a discussion
of the Texas law as applicable to this
case. The opinion sustained the decisions
of the State court to the extent of affirm
ing them, and was thus opposed to the
contentions of the oil company, but It does
this on the ground that the State laws
imposed a condition which the oil com
pany had accepted, and hence was with
out ground of complaint.
The case involved the constitutionality
of the anti-trust law of Texas, which was
sustained by to-day's opinion.
The opinion was handed down by Jus
tice McKenna, who. reviewing the case.
eaid that the Waters-Pierce Company was
a private corporation incorporated In Mis
souri, which had begun business in the
State of Texas in liS9. The suit grew out
of the charges that the oil company vio
lated the statutes of the State of ISS9 and
I£S5 against Illegal combinations In re
etraint of trade, thereby incurring a for
feiture of its permit to do business In the
Slate.
History of the Case.
The trial was first had In the District
Court of TravU County. In which the ver
dict was against the oil company. On ap
peai to the Court of Civil Appeals of the
State this decision was affirmed, and it
was brought to this court on a writ of
error. The basis of the action was the
Standard Oil trust, organired in ISS2. and
it was owned that its intention was to
control and monopolize the petroleum In
dustry of the I'nited States in various
subdivisions, awarding Texas to the Wat
ers-Pierce Company. The decision of to
day was based upon the propositions
which were submitted to the jury in the
original trial. Judge McKenna said:
The transactions of local commerce which
ttri- held by the State courts to be violations
of the statute provided in contracts with cer
tain merchants In which the plaintiff in error
required them to buy of It exclusively, and
from its other source, or buy exclusively of the
complainant in error and not to sell to any
person handling competing oils, or to buy ex
clusively from plaintiff in error and to sell at
a. price fixed by it.
The statutes must be considered In reference
to these contracts. In any other aspect they
are not subject to cur review on this record
except thf power of the State court to restrict
their rejrulation to local commerce upon which
a contention is raised.
Contract Violated.
He eaid the propositions raised by the
State courts had been broadly discussed
and many considerations transcending
them had been presented, relating to
grievances which do not enter Into the
case as affecting the oil company. The
court felt constrained to connne Itself to
this particular grievance. Stating this
grievance he said that It was that the
statutes of Texas limit its right to make
contracts and take away the liberty as
sured by the fourteenth amendment to
the constitution of the United States. Be
sides, it was asserted that the statutes
made many discriminations between per
sons and classes of persons. On this lat
ter point the court did not fpel called up
on to pass. The oil company is a foreign
corporation and its right of contracting
In the State of Texas was the only sub
ject of Inquiry- On this point the opinion
held that "the State prescribed the pur
poses of a corporation and the means of
executing those purposes."
In this cape the oil company could not
claim an exemption from the principle
"on the ground that the permit of the
company was a contract Inviolable
against subsequent legislation by the
State. The statute of ISS9 waa a condition
upon the plaintiff In error, within the
power of the State to Impose, and ¦what
ever its limitations ¦were upon the power
of contracting, whatever Its discrimina
tions were, they became conditions of the
permit and were accepted with it. The
statute was not repealed by the act of 1835.
The only substantial addition made by
the latter act was to exclude from its
provisions organizations of laborers for
the purpose of maintaining a standard of
wages.
Question of Constitutionality.
Further, as to the act of IS&S, he said:
"It is either constitutional or unconstitu
tional. If It Is constitutional, the plaintiff
in error has no legal cause to complain
of It. If unconstitutional it does not af
fect the act of 1839 and that, as we have
Feen. imposes valid conditions upon these
plaintiffs In <»rror and their violation sub
jected its permit to do business in the
State to forfeiture." . .
Justice Harlan dissented from the
opinion.
PICTURES PAINTED BY
ARTISTS OF CALIFORNIA
Wriiirs Man Vfietatile ' Pills
A R* ACKNOWLEDGED BT THOUSA-ND3
*¦* of p«r»ons who have naed them for forty
C^ S T^? I S!N CK To H^^Lt.^r22 > SSS
DIED
GALLAGHER— In this city, . March . 20/ 1900, :
I ' Elisabeth, dearly I beloved daughter of. Mary
and the late Patrick Gallagher, and beloved
; sister of Patrick and Thomas Gallagher and
.'. Mrs. Charles Wilson,' a . native of t San 'Fran
clfloo, aged 23 years 1 month and 14 day*. ¦
Shot From Ambush.
Six^lal tMfpatch to The. Call
. ROSEBURG, Or., March 19.— A mining
man named Coats was shot by some on«
concealed In the brush. near iCanyonvllle
Sunday afternoon. The ball struck Coats
In the side, coming out above his hip
It is thought that .the. shot was; fired by
a man named Monro, with whom Coats
has had trouble over a mining claim.
Subsistence of Jail Prisoners.
The Mayor yesterday : sent ; a communi
cation to the ; Board : of * Supervisors re
questing : that, the 'January;- demands of.
the contractors i for : subsistence for pris
oners'ln the county Jails be rejected and
the matter be investigated by the Finance
and Police committees/ The May oi "a ac
tion was the result of the receipt of the
following letter from Sheriff Lachmann:
In accordance with section 3, chapter 1. artt%
cle 4 of the charter I herewith beg . to Inform
you that ' J. A. Snook ft Co., the contractors
supplying subsistence. to prisoners, presented a
demand for 6323 rations furnished to Jails Nos.
1 and 3 in January, when the number of . In
mates showed that they { were only entitled to
charge : for. 45WS rations. For. Jail No. I they
presented a demand for 7107 rations when the
number of Inmates showed that they were only
entitled to charge lor 5012 rations. ¦ *
SMALLPOX STAMPED OUT.
Only Two Cases Had Appeared on the
Cruiser Newark.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— Advices to
Surgeon ' General Van .. Reypen indicate
that the number of cases of smallpox o»i
the j cruiser Newark 'was t limited to two,
as originally reported; The disease vas
contracted by two sailors who mingled
with the natives at. Vlgan, in Northern
Luzon. The. report, of Assistant Surgeon
Russell; attached to the Newark, Indicates
that these cases were successfully treated
and the spread of the disease prevented.
That -the smallpox • has . been entirely
stamped out on the Newark Is .evidenced
by the fact that the vessel ¦ started from
Manila for Hongkong to convoy the Mo
nadnock. ' . :
Transport Service Inspection.
WASHINGTON, 1 March 19.— Major
Charles Bird, quartermaster, U. S. A.", lust
returned from Manila, has been ordered
to make an Inspection of the - transport
service and other matters relative to the
quartermaster's department at San Fran
cisco, Tacoma and Seattle. . .
THEATRE FRANCAIS IS
TO BE RECONSTRUCTED
French Chamber of Deputies Votes a
Heavy Credit for the
Purpose.
PARIS, March 19.— The Chamber of
Deputies to-day adopted a credit of 2,400,
000 francs for the reconstruction of tho
Theatre Francaiß, recently destroyed by
fire, and for the provision of a temporary
home for the Comedle Francalse and the
Odeon.
The finance bill was then voted in Its en
tirety, after the Rightists had declared
that they would not participate "in : the
vote. The Rightists defended their att'.
tude on the ground, as -their principal
spokesman put it, that the Government's
financial policy was leading France rap
idly to bankruptcy, that Its domestic pol
icy was creating hatred and Internal dis
sension, and that so far as its foreign
policy was concerned the less said the bet
ter. :_;•¦•¦ '.- ?. :-'¦¦¦¦ ;: .... -" ¦ ¦:- :¦¦
M. Calllaux, Minister of Finance, replied
that instead of leading the country to ruin
the Government policy was having the re
sult of placing French finances upon a
better footing. .
?
Railway Property Seized.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 19.— Hon. Jos
eph Martin has Introduced his regime In
a highly sensational manner/ by seizing
all the ties and Umber on the Crows Nest
Railway property for alleged non-pay
ment of royalty. Ex-Mayor M.f.Gord
on of Kamloops has Just ¦ refused -• the
portfolio of finance In the Martin cabinet,
while Dr. Watt of Fort Steele, - former
member of the Legislature and father of
Superintendent. Dr. = ,Watt of .Williams
Head . quarantine, has accepted v the de
partment of lands and works, and is now
en route* to Victoria. . '¦¦¦¦¦:¦¦-.¦¦¦
RID BARB ARY COAST
OF BAD CHARACTERS
Officers T. W. Hardley and Robert Con
nor of the California-street Police Station
arrested nearly fifty of the well-known
drunkards and loose characters on Bar
bary Coast last night, and charged each
with vagrancy. Most of the persons ar
rested were men who have been booked at
the station on charges of drunkenness
frequently and who have caused a vast
amount of trouble to the police In that
section of the city.
¦ The prisoners became iso numerous at
the California-street /"Station last night
that a number of them had to be trans
ferred to the Central Btatlon.
JEWISH BAZAAR A
SUCCESSFUL AFFAIR
The Jewish bazaar, which Is being arlven
under the auspices of the Ladies' En
deavor- Society for the aid of the fres
school building fund at Golden Gate Hall,
on Sutter street, promises to be one of
the most pronounced successes of the sea
son. It opened Sunday night, and a per
ceptible Increase was noticed in the crowd
last night.
' The ladles at the various booths are
disposing of as. handsome and elegant a
collection of useful and fancy articles as
was ever introduced at any bazaar in this
city, and the efforts of Mrs. M. J. Wald
heimer. president of the association, have
been heartily commended. .
The proceeds of the affair will be de
voted to a very worthy cause, that of
educating the youth to upright and nobl<»
lives, and the ladies deserve a HbTal
patronage. The bazaar will remain open
during the week. ,
-J& JOE POHEIM,
Jgs? The Tailor,
A fR5^J\ lUfr-im Market St.
J l|rll\\ 201-203 Montgomery -St.
if^-MiWi TJl(? larxpst tailoring ea-
iJjjFif tabliahment on the Coast.
/Hrll^ Fl*s SUITS AT
/SfipJ MODERATE PRICES.
J»7 All-wool Busines* Suits
/ IJj *15.50t0«23
>J Si I All-wool Dressy Suits....
? \Hj 920 to *4O
'r/ A If Tu\\ Dresa Suits
-£ 1 W f4Oto»«O
V/, I ¦ ¦ -AD \7ool Pants
>§ J^ff •• »4JM>to*l2
¥ '. f/'"^ SAMPLES SENT FREE.
* Perfect Fit Guaranteed.
MAY PURCHASE
FAIR BLOCK FOR
RESIDENCE SITE
MAY PURCHASE
FAIR BLOCK FOR
RESIDENCE SITE
*• - *
Nob Hill Property Wanted
by Florence Blythe- j
Moore. *
Price Offered Said to Be About Three
Hundred Thousand Dollars— Flood
May Sell the Baldwin Hotel
Site.
Mrs. Florence Blythe-Moore is negotiat
ing for the purchase of the block of land
owned by the Fair estate on Nob Hill,
bounded by California, Powell, Sacra
mento and Mason streets, and It is
rumored that she contemplates the erec
tion thereon of a splendid residence. It
cannot be said definitely that Mrs. Blytho-
Moore Intends establishing herself among
the nabobs on the hill in a house of her
own. It is a fact, however, the she ex
pects soon to become the owner of the
Fair block, which was considered a few
years ago one of the most valuable resi
dence properties in the city, adjoining as
it does the Flood property and being
within a short distance of the Stanford
and Huntington properties. In fact the
deal is practically closed; that much was
admitted by Manager Lee of the Fair
Estate Company yesterday, but Mr. Lee
declined to. divulge the price that is to.be
paid or give any other Information until
the deeds are passed.
"Negotiations for the sale of the prop
erty to Mrs. Blythe-Moore are under
way," said Mr. Lee, "but a sale is not a
sale until it Is made and I can give out
no Information on the subject. I would
prefer that nothing be said about it un
til the i deal Is consummated."
It is understood that the purchase price
will be in the neighborhood of $300,000, but
as there have been no large sales in that
locality for several years- there is little
data from which to make an estimate of
the value of the property. C. P. Hunt
ington paid $250,000 for the Colton house,
including a half a block of land, a few
years ago and land in that vicinity has
certainly not advanced In value since
that time.
There is but one building on the Fair
block, the old Porter residence, on the
corner of Powell and California, now oc
cupied as a boarding-house. It is stated
that tlfe present tenants have been noti
fied to vacate, which would seem, If true,
to Indicate' that extensive improvements
are contemplated In the ; near future.
Another^ rumor of a more shadowy
character, ! however, that has been cir
culating in real estate circles during the
past few days,, is to the effect that James
L. Flood has under consideration an offer
from a syndicate, of .local capitalists for
the Baldwin Hotel site on Market street.
Mr. Flood paid Mr. Baldwin something
over 11,200,000 for the property and rumor
says he has been offered an advance of
something like $100,000 or $150,000. Mr.
Flood is saying nothing and I. W. Hell
man, who was mentioned as one of the
members of the syndicate, says he knows
nothing about It.
NOTED CHIHESE
REFORMER WILL
VENTURE HERE
Circular Issued Tells of
Leong Xi Chew's Bold
Plans. .
Chinese Merchant Claims That a
Most Baring Attempt Was
Made to Kill Him in •
His Store.
A circular distributed throughout China
town two nights ago announced that
Leong Xl Chew, one of the famous Chi
nese reformers, now at Honolulu', will be
in this city next month. The document
was written by Chew and issued at the
instigation of the Chinese Empire Reform
Association, whose headquarters are on
Washington street.
In substance the handbill declares -that
if the dethroned Emperor is not rein
stated the powers of Europe will soon in
vade China and eventually control It.
Chew implores the Chinese of America to
use their efforts and money in behalf of
the young Emperor.
The reformer also states that while he
is cognizant of the fact that the Chinese
Government has placed a . large price on
his head, he is willing to. brave all danger
and come to stir up an agitation id Amer
ica. ; He says that he has but one life to
live and is ready to sacrifice it In the
cause of his Emperor. Should Chew come
to San Francisco he may experience some
difficulty In landing, as the Customs
house officials have received positive In
struction to refuse him the privilege of
setting foot on American soil. Chinese
Consul General Ho Vow, in discussing the
circular, said it was a bold piece of work
and believes that the reformer Is brazen
in publlcally announcing his Intention of
visiting this coast.
Ho Chee Ying, a liquor merchant at the
corner of Clay street and Spofford alley,
claims that a daring attempt was made
to take his life yesterday morning. Ylng,
who is a Suey Sing, says that a Hop Sing
man entered his establishment, and after
purchasing 10 cents' worth of whisky,
drew a long revolver, and, pointing it at
the merchant, pulled the trigger three
times. The cartridges failed to explode,
however, and the would-be murderer fled.
me highbinder difficulty is still far
from a settlement. The police look for
crime at any time and tbe work of search
ing Chinese for weapons still goes on.
Chinese Consul General Ho Vow Is work
ing with the police and making every ef
fort to restore peace. The members of
the Board of Health visited the Chinese
quarter last night and continued their
prolonged tour of inspection.
INTERESTS THE
PEOPLE OF THE
PACIFIC COAST
Negotiations Entered Into
for Purchase of Big
Trees.
Governor Murphy Is Certain That the
Bill Granting Statehood to
Arizona Will Be
Adopted.
>
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, WELLING-
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, March 19.
In compliance with a Joint resolution of
Congress the Secretary of the In
terior has entered Into negotiations for
the purchase by the Government of the
lands occupied by the Mammoth Tree
Grove and South Park Grove of big trees
in California.
The Senate bill authorizing the appro
priation of J50.W0 for repairs on the Thetis
passed the House to-day. The Thetis will
be used for revenue cutter service in
Alaska.
Senator Perkins introduced to-day in the
Senate a number of petitions . and me
morials including one from the Me
chanics Institute, San Francisco, urging
the passage of an appropriation to pre
vent the discontinuance of the hydro
graphic branch of the United States Geo
logical Survey, and another from the
Chamber of Commerce of Los Angeles fa
voring the passage of the bill for the re
organization of the consular service of the
United States. He also presented resolu
tion of the Tulare (Cal.) Grange In favor
of the construction of «the Nicaragua
canal, and a memorial from the citizens
of Oakland praying that the wives of
Christian Chinese be admitted to the
United States. He filed also a number of
protests from various publications of San
Francisco against the passage of the Loud
bill, relating to second class postal mat
ter.
Representative Kahn called upon Com
missary General Weston to-day to inter
est that bureau of the War Department in
the purchase of supplies In California for
the Philippines. General Weston said he
always bought as much as possible there,
and when purchases were made else
where it was from factories and un
der circumstances which seemed best for
the public service.
Senator Perkins in a very satisfactory
Interview also urged upon General Wes
ton the wisdom and economy of favoring
California in the purchase of army sup
plies for Manila. -
By direction of the Acting Secretary of
War, Major Charles L. Htlsmann, sur
geon United States army, upon the com
pletion of the duty assigned him by the
commanding general of the Department
of California will proceed to Manila. Phil
ippine Islands", and report in person to th«
commanding general of the Department
of the Pacific and Eighth Army Corps for
assignment to duty.
Captain Thomas H. Slavens, assistant
quartermaster United States army, re
cently appointed, having filed his official
bond, will report to the commanding gen
eral of the Department of the Pacific and
Eighth Army Corps for duty under his
direction.
Pensions— Calif ornia— Original : Michael
Doyle, Victoria, $6; Thomas H. Cumans,'
Eureka, $6. Increase: Francis M. Koster.
Cayucos. So to $8; Charles Houg, Soldiers
Home, Los Angeles, $6 to $8. ¦ '. .
Oregon— Original : George Warm, Hllls
boro, $6; Jacob Erford, Medford, JB. In
crease: Milton S. Fox, The Dalles, $8 to
$10.
Washington— Original: Jeremiah Swl
ger, New WJiatcom, W. •
Governor tlurphy of Arizona said to-day
that he Is satisfied both the House and
Senate Committees on Territories will re
port favorably on the bill granting state
hood to Arizona.
"The bill will pass the Senate at this
session," said the Governor, "but I do not
expect It will get through the House be
fore next' -winter. Conditions are favor
able for the admission and 'l am satisfied
that before the present Congress comes to
an end the necessary legislation will have
been enacted to give to Arizona her place
in the galaxy of States."
UNITARIANS TALKED
ABOUT THE CHURCH
Several Speakers Estimated the Po-
sition That It Occupies in Rela
tion to modern Conditions
and Society.
The Unitarian Club last evening at the
Merchants' Club discussed "The Place of
the Church in Modern Life." Sheldon Kel
logg presided. The speakers "were Rev.
Bradford Leavitt, pastor of the First Uni
tarian Church of this city; S. M. Augus
tine,- who spoke, from the position of a
business man; Professor Kendrick C. Bab
cock of the University of California, who
has been engaged in the work of the jouth
Park settlement for two years, and Rbv.
Mr. Hosnier of Berkeley. Rev. Dr. F. "W.
Clampett, pastor of Trinity Episcopal
Church, was to have spoken, but he sent
a letter of regret, in which he wrote that
he was suffering from tonsilltis.
Rev.' Mr. Leavitt ¦ said that one of the
problems of the time was whether the
church had lost its influence in any de
gree in the world. He thought tbat It
was true that the church was less influ
ential in certain parts of the world than
it had once been, but the. need for religion
was never more strongly felt, nor was re
ligion ever stronger than It was at this
time. People doubted much that the
church held to be dogmatically true; but
Christianity was not losing Its grip, nor
was the world approaching a refined kind
of paganism.- • Immortality could noi be
proved. There was truth underlying ag
nosticism. But man was not all intellect.
He had an ethical-and religious nature
that must be taken into account. There
never had been as much need of a true,
real church as now.
S. M. Augustine said that God did not
need the love of man, but man did need
the love of man. The church should teach
optimism and fit men to live rather than
to die. In closing he eulogized "the sweet
religion of humanity." • •
. Professor Babcocfc said that there were
thousands of men in the city who never
gave any thought to God or to religion.
Nevertheless true religion would awaken
a response among them. What thoy
wanted was that church people should
show love in their lives ana dealings with
men as well as in their talk.
Rev. Mr. Hosmer said that all the criti
cisms of the church were true, but the
church would exist as long as society ex
isted.
Yosemite Valley, From the Celebrated Painting by Thomas Hill.
Examples of Excellent Work Collected for Display at the
Spring Exhibition of the San Francisco Art
Association, Mark Hopkins Institute.
THE spring exhibition of the San
Francisco Art Association will open
for members at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art on Thursday even
ing, March 22. The public exhibi
tion will begin on Friday, March ?3.
and will end on Thursday, April 19. The
exhibition wIU be representative of" the
work of living California artists and those
who have been identified with art In Cali
fornia.
"When the management of the associa
tion considered the dimensions of the new
art gallery, known as the Mary Frances
Searles gallery, and estimated the *p£ice
available for the display of pictures, each
exhibitor was advised to submit ten pic
tures. A reservation was made, however,
that no exhibitor should be allowed more
than seventeen feet of space on the line.
The response to the Invitation surprised
Special
Attractions
TTHfiS DAY
(TUESDAY).
200 SILK AND SATIN WAISTS, special Importation,
perfect fit guaranteed, all sizes and shades,
value for $s.oo— will be placed on CO Kfl
sale this day at the low price. ...... Oui JU
LADIES' APPLIQUE SUITS, latest styles, 017 CH
value for $25. 00— wi1l be offered at. 01 1 lull
¦ LADIES' CHEVIOT AND VENETIAN CLOTH SUITS,
value for $15.00 and $17.50— wi1l Ojll ftfl
be placed on sale at •••• OIUiUU
100 dozen LADIES' KID GLOVES (odd sizes),
extra value for $I.oo— will be placed on Clip
sale this day at pair J Uu
56-Inch BLACK ENGLISH CHEVIOT, value for 7Cp
$I.so— will be offered at. IJU
J. O'BRIEN & CO.,
• 1146 MARKET STREET, Jfj
Bet. Mason and Taylor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, MARCH 20, 1900.
HEART STILLED,
YET HE LIVES A
WHOLE HOUR
The Strange' Case of Frank
V. Savage at the Re
ceiving Hospital.
Continues to Breathe Long After the
Vital Organ Ceases to' Perform v
Its Function— Death Due
< - 'to Excitement.
y . • ' S)
Prank V. Savage, a one-armed man, died
at the City Receiving Hospital last night
from j shock' superinduced by excitement.
A peculiar, feature of the case is that the
man's heart ceased to beat nearly an hour
before death ' ensued. ; " «•'
Savage had been drinking heavily for a
long- time and under the influence of li
quor displayed a disagreeable and quarrel
some disposition. Early last night he en
tered a Market-street saloon and acted in
a boisterous manner. He threatened any
one who attempted to stop him and his
actions became so -unbearable that the
barkeeper was compelled, to call for' the
police. ¦ Officer J. N. Beach responded and
after a hard tussle managed to subdue the
drunken man and get him into the patrol
¦wagon. .•¦ ¦¦ • ¦: ' ¦ • ¦ -¦ .
Savage was a cripple, his left hand hav
ing been amputated and an iron hook
strapped to his arm. On his way to the
prison he gave the officer a great deal of
trouble and it was with great difficulty
that he was held in the wagon.
On reaching the City Prison Savage
stepped from the wagon and walked to
the sergeant's desk. In response to a
question from Sergeant Bidwcll, he gave
his name and immediately after threw up
his arms and fell, to th£ Moor.
It could be seen at once thn.t the man
had fainted and he was hurriedly taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where Dr.
Starr applied the usual restoratives. The
man was breathing faintly, but the doc
tor was absolutely unable to find the least
heart beat nor any perceptible pulse in
the wrist. Respiration continued, but re
gardless of the application of all sorts of
te.sts, even hypodermic injections of
ammonia and coffee and artificial respir
ation, not one beat of the heart could be
located.
Savage's condition remained unchanged
for an hour, when respiration finally
ceased. The case is a strange one, very
few of a similar character having been
noticed by the medical fraternity.
Savage was arrested a few months ago
for assault to murder. In a moment of
passion he shot his wife In the arm at
their home. 42s Twenty-fourth avenue.
visit OR- JORDAN'S great*
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
£} KiiKAWK w-fct. toira, s.r.ki. i
£«f ..The Lwvrt Automlcal Miunn in th« \
, Jt_»_ Wofid. \Veakn*<.v« o r any contracted S
fS? S3 SpecjUUtfßUwCoia. EM.36,eJ» 4
fl JJf OR- JQRDAN-PHIVATE DISEASES J
1< jHfc Co.-MBlt»tion frtr« and strictly pi+rue V
( H niuabi* book for mnli \
BIUOBDASI* CO.. 1051 Mart* at'.'& f W
New York Dental Parlors,
History Building, 723 Market Street, ,
You may have your TEETH OUT IN THE MORNING and
go home with NEW ONES THE SAME DAY.
"NO PAIN," NO COCAINE. "NO GAS."
All work done by GRADUATE DENTISTS of from 12 to 20 years*
experience, and absolutely WITHOUT P*IN.
Nowhere on earth Is the subject of dentistry Anlde from th« apecialists In bridge work, wa
so thoroughly understood and bo much care have sp«clall»ts In plate work, who are world-
experienced as by the directors of this mag- renowned, men of superior Intelligence, who
nlftcently appointed dental office. have devoted their whole lives to this work.
We will tell you In advance exactly . what
your work will - cost by a free examination. . ? , -
Give us a call and you will Hnd we do •"'"r />n aii/i [ C The following are amon|
as we ad^rtise. .- - ' { KIIWfVS th * "J'^lal branch*, oi
Specialists in Bridge Work. vI%V TT Il<J which we challenge com-
- PETITION" GOLD
.m mi itfh !S*C«L«m crown?, gold bridge* (tekth with-
fiu rLM I ELS ilfifcißFiLa* OVT pirate?), gold fillings, porce-
• lW BF H> fM IsfiiT^l LAIN FILLINGS. PORCELAIN CROWNS,
lUUlllfc. *SflH^^l<<^ PORCELAIN lIRIDGES. TREATMENTS. EX-
UlDi*-^ TRACTING TEETH WITHOUT PAIN. REOU-
,*^iEfe TEH LATINO TEETH. AND FULL AND PARTIAL
\ PLATES MADE OF GOLD. ALUMINUM. ZY-
¦B^y-N^ S~^./^V \ M LO J N * ITE^ METAL. PORCELAIN AND
In our GOLD CROWNS and BRIDGE WORK. 22-K Gold CPOWng .. . $5.00
of whtch we are making a SPECIALTY, the /.^ij ETJllt— -*^. l r\r\
most BEAUTIFUL. PAINLESS and DURABLE OOICI rllllngS I.UU
of all dental work known to the profession, you _ ... «-»§»•*.. m **.
will find an «xample of the HIOHEST ARTIS- SHveP FIIIin£S 50
TIC ATTAINMENT, the adaptability of which __ &
to the HYGIENIC conditions of the mouth Is Teeth WlthOUt DlateS 5.00
unquestioned. ¦ . "
Any work (that should not prove satlafactorr ___._ ' v
SUTmSX* 4 ¦"• "¦"""" c """' """ A FULL SET $5.00
T23 MARKET ST., San Francisco
MAIN OFFICE- —
FOURTH AND MORRISON STREETS PORTLAND. OR.
Specialists for Men
No Incurable Cu«3 Taken at Any Prlo*.
U Pay whan well. Advice and orirate book
fre*. offlca or mall. Horn- cures. K»t*b-
llabed 1* yean. No lajartooa madloln* used.
Dr. Meyers & Co.
731 Market St.. S. F.
DR. CROSSMAM'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
75 Gents.
NO MORE.
NO LESS.
And this price every day
In the year.
SEND FOR 100-PAOE
ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE.
Palne's Celery Compound 75c
Piercers Prescription ..75c
Plerce's Discovery ...75c
Pinkbam's Compound. 75c
Baker's Honduras Sarsaparllla. -75c
Hood's Sarsaparllla 75c
Ayer's Sarsaparilla 75c
Scott's Emulsion, $1.00 size. . .75c
Carter's Hair Renewer .50c
Carter's Llthla Tablets... -.-...25c
Yager's Violet Ammonia 25c
J Swamp Root- ....40c
Syrup of Figs... 35c
Carter's L!rerPl!!s.lsc
THE OWL DRUG. CO.
Cut-Rate DrUOTiata,
\?£pSW ma mahket arm
TmSJff SAX FRANCISCO.
J jgSjf. lOth end Broadway
•**•"¦*¦¦¦* Oakland.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.S4O Monda 1031 ??3 Byron Cross 10S
HO Tule 106 M 2 Senora Caesar.. .lo3
M 7 Lulu W 103 8?7 Rlcardo JOS
940 Sorrow 106: 940 Royal Prize.... JlOS
... Mr. Johnson ....10g ! 940 Melkarth 108
942 Gold Baron 105!
Third race — One and a quarter miles; four
year olds and up; selling.
956 Red Pirate 104 (931)Chimura 102
956 Gotobed 10!» 952 El Mido 101
945 Lothian lOli
Fourth race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling.
€79 Casdale ...105 935 Jennie Reid 108
954 Mies Marlon 103 942 Espirando 113
935 Olinthus 110 942 High Ho 11l
852 Sister Alice 106 93S Alaria 103
SO7 Jioeorito ...11l 93S Afghan 113
Fifth race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and ud; selling.
938 Anchored 107> 952 Bluhop Reed 114
951 Tom Calvert 111 1 (S3l)Rapido ...; 11l
952 Mamie G.. ...... 109 846 Silver Tone 11l
962 Espionage 1051 945 Scotch Plaid 113
938 lnverary II .".-111! 901 Stromo 107
827 Facade 107 940 None Such 11l
Sixth- race— Six furlongs; three-year-ojds
purse. • • '
9M Mountebank 105 943 Decoy 112
919 Joe McGee 109 931 Thomas Carey.. 103
<839) Pirate J 11.' 710 Antionetta 107
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Merita, Angle P, Princess Leota.
Second race— Royal Prize, Sorrow, Mr. John
son.
Third ' race— Chimura. Gotobed, Red Pirate.
Fourth race — Afghan, Espirando, Ollnthus.
Fifth race— Scotch Plaid, Eppionage, Facade.
Sixth race— Decoy, Mountebank, Pirate J.
credit for not only a conscientious en
deavor but a distinct, though limited,
success. PORTER GARNETT.
Alhambra.
"The Three Musketeers," a drama in
eight tableaus, from the French by Dumas
pere, a play that has made prominent, if
not the fortune of. at least one young
American actress, is on this week at the
Alhambra. Harry Glazier is presented in
the play by E. D. Stair and George H.
Nlcolal. The prominence several stars In
the histrionic world have attained through
this play is sufficient in itself to draw
good houses, but, taken together with its
merit- and the manner in which it is bo
ing presented, additional interest is cen
tered In the success of its run on this visit
to the city. Harry Glazier takes the char
acter of Philip d'Artagnan in the produc
tion and carries the various climaxes to a
satisfactory end. Warren F. Hill. John
P. Barrett and Blanche Stoddard also
take prominent parts in the play, and
their acting Justifies their selection to fill
the important roles assigned them.
OTpheum.
There are five new specialties at the
Orpheum this week and they are all good.
The house was crowded to its utmost ca
pacity last night and the applause was
liberal and hearty. W. C. Fields, an ec-
Ferris Hartman and Miss Graham at the Tivoli. *
centric juggler, at once established .him
self as a prime favorite. His tricks are
exceedingly clever and amusing, and the
way in which he manipulated the three
rubber balls was a ma^yel. Walter Jones
and Norma Whalley, comedian and com
edienne, in their specialties at once caught
the fancy of the audience, and Jones' im
itation of Sousa' literally "brought down
the house." His make-up was perfect,
and the mannerisms of the famous band
master and composer were given to the life.
The Misses McCoy and Sam Marion, re
fined acrobatic dancers, gave a very neat
and graceful performance,, and the Niel
sen sisters sang well. Charles H. Weston
and Harry E. Yost gave something new
and fetching in songs and dialogue. Of
the holdovers Mr. and Mrs. Sydney Drew
in their clever sketch, "When Two Hearts
Are Won." were warmly applauded, and
fo was the SI Hassan Ben All troupe,
Flatow and Dunn and their cute . pick
aninny and Howard "Thurston, the card
manipulator. The show Is one of the best
seen at this popular pleasure resort.
Grand Opera-House.
One of the old comic opera favorites,
Offenbach's "The Grand Duchess," was
presented at the Grand Opera-house last
evening after an absence of about four
years. The scenery and settings are
bright and fresh and the costume? are In
good condition and pleasing to the eye t>
New Bills at the
California and
Alhambra Are
Successfully
Presented.
which enhance the attractiveness of the
piece. The leading parts were taken by
Edith Mason, the Grand Duchess; Hattfe
Belle Ladd as Wanda, Thomas H. Persse
as Fritz and William Wolff .as General
Bourn. All were in good voice and pleased
the audience. There were several, recalls
for the "Sabre" song, rendered by Miss
Mason. Next week "El Capitan" will bt
revived by special request. ; • , ' ¦
Tlvoli.. »•
This is the last,. week i of | "The Idol's
Eye", at the Tlvoli. . It has, had a ruh of
nine weeks and has achieved a popularity
that bespeaks more than the .'ordinary re
gret that it will have to, make place. for
something else. To celebrate' the 'closing
nights of.; its long; run • the. Jokes .wiir.be
changed for ihe remainder of the week,
and every one who attends this. evening
will be given a souvenir of the three acts
of attractive nonsense which . it affords.
It has had a rare" success even for "a
Tivoll piece. Next.week, "Manila Bound"
will occupy the Tivoll stage. ' , .
Columbia.
"Because She Loved Him So" opened. its
second week last night at* the Columbia
Theater to a good house. Annie: lrish. J.
E. Dodson and Kate Meek were called be
fore the curtain twice at the close of the
second act.
Beginning next Monday evening Wiilie
Collier and his special company will ap
pear in his new farce entitled ."Air.
Smooth.' It was a big success In New
York, Chicago and Philadelphia and has
been flatteringly criticized by the press.
California.
, "Pudd'nhead Wilson" drew another
good house at the California last night.
The experience of another night on a new
stage seemed to have lent greater con
fidence to the company and the play was
interrupted by frequent bursts of applause
Burr Mclntosh. as Pudd'nhead. justified
the encomiums bestowed on him and his
support rose nobly to the occasion.
"Pudd'nhead Wilson" should draw well
throughout the week.
Olympia.
The chief Interest in the Olympla.show
this week seems to center on a woman
with a phenomenal voice, whose name is
withheld from public knowledge. Snc it
advertised as "the lady with the velvet
mask." As such she appeared last' night,
but judging from her voice there was but
little excuse for the disguise. The "rryss
terlous one," whoever she is. made
quite a hit last night, and the rest of the
bill is good.
ARBACES WENT
DOWN BEFORE A
RANK OUTSIDER
Silver Tail Forgot to Sulk,
Beating the Favorite
Out a Head.
Only Two "Winning Choioes at Tan
foran — Henry and Martin Divide
the Saddle Honors — Daisy
F Won Handicap.
One of the many startling surprises at
Tanforan yesterday was the defeat in the
last event of Ab Stemler's big horse Ar
bacej". ridden by Piggott. Looking such
a certainty, the books held him a 1 to 5
chance, and after experiencing some dif
ficulty in getting through his field was led
over the line a head by Silver Taii, the
entry of George Baldwin. . The winner wa?
ridden by Powell, and at one stage of th-j
betting was quoted at 30 to 1.
Following the usual order of things at
the San Mateo track, all but 'two favorites
fell by the roadside. Henry piloted thres
and Jack Martin two winners.
In the two-year-old scramble Comber
mere was again held a 3 to 5 choice, And
this time Rio de Attar, one of "Lucky"
Baldwin's youngsters, downed him a head.
Coupled with Maldonado the winner «ai
10 to 1. Rollick finished In the show.
Corrlgan's St. Casimir made a romp of
the five-furlong sprint, starting a 3 to 5
choice. Peace secured the place very
handily from Mountebank.
Tiie mile and a sixteenth handicap •*a*
likewise a pift for Corrigan's Daisy F.
While he could have won by a block. Hen
ry drew it fine, leading Advance Guard
out a head. Rosormonde ran a disappoint
ing third.
Beaten on Saturday by Racivan. Catas
trophe made a show of his company in
the mile and a furlong affair. Thirteen to
five in the ring, the bay horse was eaj»ed
up at the Ftand in I:s3*£. Topmast, tho
favorite. Just nosed Red Pirate out for
the place.
Alas, an 83-pounder and as Juicy as S to
1 in the betting, was touted as a cinch for
the fifth number. With Jack Martin up.
he went out and won all the way. Chappie
downing Jazabel for place honors.
Track Notes.
The feature of the opening day on Mon
day next at Oakland will be a handicap,
the conditions of which are as follows:
The Golden Gate Handicap; for three-year
olds and upward; $700. cl which JlOO to eecond
and I) to third. -
Winners of other than selling purses after
Tuesday. March 20. to carry S pound* for each
'"if you wish to start in this race you must
make entries the same as for other races.
One mile and a furlong: .
ZoroaMer 11l
JJend/ran ~ 13*
Vt. Eheppard ....... .118
Potenie 120
Arbace* »'
ltcwiormonde 11*
Wntoro 10»
lioslnante ]<*
Advance Guard 1«»
Vllowtall -10*
Topmast :¦'„
htorm King l"Ji
Ma:a>" -"*
Tappan '£
Sara MiKeever 1^;
Oiinthus l<fcj
May W 104
Jwjvld.Tenny 1";
Forrr.ero 1°»
10<l
Horton 1<"!
ficotrn Plaid J0»;
Acrobat Jol'
Vlnri IC2
Tempo 99
Forte SC
Morine!. ....' 104
Lothian : 100
Andrir-a 100
Anjou 89
Go-tO-bed S*
The Fretter 107
Lard.i /.. SS
Pat Morrlnsey 9.1
Installator SIS
Flamero SS
Norford 90
Flower of Gold 92
Erwtn 95
Cor.Fteilator 90
Mamie Q 95
Princess Z.-»ika it
Mortßaure S5
Kedwald S3
Obctdian 97
Twinkler IC*
El Mlrto 101
Monrovia SI
Flamura 9S
The $20i»0 Paoiflc-lTnion handicap will be
decided at Oakland on Thursday. March
29 The distance is one mile "and a fur
long. March 31 is the date set for the
running of the great Thornton stake, over
four miles. ..
W. J. Spiers Is meeting with success
training the Baldwin horses.
To-Day's Entries.
jrint race— Three and a half furlongs; maiden
two- year-olds.
906 Bonic Il!|
»47 Screenwell LakelOS
776 Bride Ale 105
... Luraso :n5 (
K» Cartlee 103|
!KJS Merida 115
$05 Lonellneee 10*
!<47 Faenza ...10*
934 Debltlck 112
947 Too Hot ..r.Y...112
922 Prlno*cn Leota..lo9
*9S ABKle P lw»
SO6 Sublime ...AH
M 7 Chaste ICJ
•
Second race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; ffelllns. . ... .
... Taranto Ul| S4O Rosalbra. 109
"Grand Duch
ess" the At
traction at the
Grand Opera
House.
THERE is Just one word In the En
glish language that will fitly de
scribe the performance of "Diplo
macy" at the Alcazar and that word
Is "Wow!"
If, after the first rehearsal, the com
pany had gone In a body to the managers
office and said feelingly and sincerely
"We can't do it," we would have been
spared the Infliction of a thoroughly bad
performance and would have been suffered
to retain a moderately exalted opinion of
the Alcazar company, which has been
covering itself with credit for these many
¦weeks.
"Diplomacy" as a play is almost invul
nerable in point of interest, and there are
many old-schoolers that • are fond of the
play for its own sake or lor the sake of
the actors and actresses gone before, who
have made it memorable. Sardou's cun
ning hand is never more cunning than
when delving in intrigue and "•Diplo
macy" is replete with his peculiar con
structive cleverness. But it is by the very
adroitness of the author's manipulation of
plot and character that the Alcazar peo
ple fall, and fall hard.
The play Is rich with opportunities, but
effectiveness in this production is conspic
uous by its absence, and the company acts
¦with unrelieved amateurishness. I should
except Howard Scott in the part of Baron
Stein, for he displays not a little of that
faculty for character work of which he
has at other times given proof.
Mary Hampton's classification as an
emotional actress Is what in all probabil
ity prompted the powers on O'Farrell
etreet to produce "Diplomacy." but no one
•would think the Countess Zicka, as she
«icts it. to be a part of particular possi
bilities. Jeffrey Williams, who does Henry
Eeauclerc. is conscious, I am sure, of how
sadly he is miscast, and I would be will
ing to make the same allowance for
Ernest Hastings if he were amenable to
the conviction that in certain lines of seri
ous acting there are some things that he
cannot do.
George Webster has one of those parts
In which his ponderous mouthlngs are
Eiven full play; he is bo maliciously bad
in some things that I cannot believe he is
aware of his own cleverness when he
occasionally gets away from himself and
does a bit of good acting.
The best these three men can do ac
cording to their lights and restrictions is
to act earnestly and fall utterly. "Di
plomacy" is not intended to arouse the '¦
risibilities, but the audience last night
was a-churkle at the- frequent episodes of
mock acting and ineptitute that 'marked
the performance. Miss May Blayney was
as ever pleasant In voice and demeanor,
but in her efforts to act she more than
half succeeded. In doing this much she
<lid surprisingly well and I must give her
S'.VJ. SECOND RACE — Five furlongs; selling:; three-year-olds and. upward; purse, $100.
033. FIRST RACE— Four furlonKs; sellingr; two-year-olds: purse, $400.
BIDDING FOR THE FIGHT.
Two Clubs Want the Sharkey-Fitz-
simmons Event.
iIEWYORK, March *19.— An effort was
made to-night by the. persons Interests!
t o agree upon a place for the coming flg'it
between Sharkey and Fitzsimmons. Two
bids were received. The Seaside SpoFtinj?
Club _ deposited a check for $25,000, and
agreed to give the I principals 60 per cent
of %c gross receipts and 50 per cent of
the picture profits. Tom O'Rourke of the
club explained that it, was his intention
¦to allow the $2500 already on deposit for
the Jeffries-Co rbett match to continue up
after that fight, on- May 11, making $3C(w
in all, as required. ' • ;
The Westchester Athletic Club, repre
sented by Martin Julian and D. J. Cook,
made a higher bid. It offered 67 per cent
of the gross receipts and 67 per cent of the
picture profits. It made a deposit of a
»5000 check. -
An agreement was not reached. The
parties meet again, to-morrow and prob
ably will make a decision. The sentiment
to-night was very favorable .to the ac
ceptance of the Westchester Club offer..
SCHORR'S CHALLENGE.
Will .Match F. W/ Brode Against
: . : ."'Prince r of Veronia for $5000.
Special , Dispatch •to The Call.' ¦ :*'. ::
NEW YORK. March 19.— The World has
this from. New Orleans: John.W. Schorr,
owner of F. W. Brode.is dissatisfied with
the result of the Crescent City Derby, and
he said that he would match his colt
against the winner for $5000. The • only
stipulation he makes is that the track
be good, v As Prince of Veronia is entered
in the Turf handicap on Saturday it is not
probable that the challenge will be ac
cepted at, this meeting,; but it may be at
Memphis. „ __ ! j : ;
Grave of Maud S.
NEW YORK. March 19— The body of
the famous •, trotting mare Maud S was
buried to-day ¦ with proper honors in C the
horse • cemetery i on • the ; Bonner - farm • at
East View, ' Westchester County.' N. Y.
Her grave isbeside that of Dexter (2:17 1 4).
The plat nas been reserved * for Maud S
for years. »= Close by are buried Pocahon
tas, ¦ Peerless. Lady. Palmer.' Flatbush
Maid. Rarus and other famous horses. It
is expected > that the Bonner ' family will
erect a monument to Maud S. .
Turner Defeats Thompson.
STOCKTON. March 19.— Rufe .Turner of
Stockton knocked out Bob of
Los Angeles in the fourteenth round • to
night before the Stockton Athletic Asso
ciation. - "
Editors at Santa Cruz.
' SANTA CRUZ, March 19— The members
of the National J Editorial 'Association : who
are touring the State arrived In this ; city
to-day and :- were received by the w Board
of- Trade-- and driven : about ¦= the city.' A
lunch was given In = honor of the visitors ,
who 'this 'afternoon visited the bistrees
and I then [ continued on , to * San ¦ Francisco.
Crescent City Races.
NEW ORLEANS. March 19.— The new
Louisiana Jockey Club opened Its spring
meeting of six days this afternoon. A
morning storm made the track very heavy
and did much to spoil the pport.- In the
fifth race the stewards substituted Mitch
ell for W. Shaw on Tom Kingsley. John
Baker. Colonel Cluke and Agitator were
the winning favorites. Results:
One mile— John Baker won. Monk Wyman
second. Florizar third. Time. 1:48.
Six furlongs, selling;— Jamaica won. Grayless
second, Lomond third. Time. 1:18.
One mile and an eighth, selling— Colonel
Cluke won. Rushnelds second. Swordsman
third. Time, 2:01%.
One mile and a half— Donna Rita won.
Strangest second. Possum third. Time, 2*45>4.
Seven furlongs, selling — Afltator won, Ban
rica second. Tom Kingjsley third. Time. 1:32»i.
Six furlongs— Hardy Lucesco won. Sylvian
second. Irene Hayes third. Time, 1:21.
MATTY MATTHEWS WINS.
Has Connolly All but Out in the
Fourteenth Round.
NEW YORK. March 19.— Matty Mat
thews of New York met- Eddie Connolly
of St. John. N. 8.. to-night at the Her
cules Athletic Club In Brooklyn, and con
nolly was so badly used up In the four
teenth round that the referee interfered
and stopped the bout to prevent Connolly
being knocked out. When Matthews was
declared the winner Connolly rushed
across the ring • and tried to continue
fighting, and White had a busy time In
restraining tho Canadian, who finally sub
sided and went to his corner.
FANNING'S CLEAN SCORE.
Olympic Club Marksman Distin-
. guishes Himself at New York.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 19.— At the Brook
lyn Gun Club's inaugural shoot to-day
Jack S. Fanning of the Olympic Athletic
Club of San Francisco distinguished him
self by killing llfteen birds and missing
none at a distance of thirty-one yards.
STAGE HELD
UP BY A LONE
HIGHWAYMAN
A Second Daring Robbery
Within a Week in
Calateras.
Was on the Milton and Copperopolis
Line and the Road Agent Se
cured Very Little
SAN ANDREAS, March 19.— 'At about 5
o'clock this evening the Milton and Cop
peropolis stage was held up by a lone
highwayman. As the stage was nearing
the mining camp of Hodson a masked
man with a double-barreled shotgun
stepped out from the roadside and ordered
the driver to. halt. •
The driver and three passengers were
ordered to hand over their valuables,
which they did. The total value of the
booty secured will, not exceed $17. The
mails were untouched. This stage line
'does not carry Wells, Fargo & Co.'s ex
press. .
Sheriff Thorn was notified ; by wire of
the hold-up and has a description of the
man. This is the second hold-up within
a week" in this county.
Marvelous Has Been the Success of This Eminent Scientist,
W.ho has Given to the World Weltmerism.
"WELTMER, THE MAN OF THE HOUR."
Prof. S. A. Weltmer, the Great Magnetic Healer,
Demonstrates That AH Disease* Can Be
Cured Without the Aid of Medicines
or the Surgeon's Knife.
niQFA^r APR MF
UIoLHOL H UriimL
- - ¦ ...
ALCAZAR WAS OVERWEIGHTED IN
A REVIVAL OF SARDOU'S "DIPLOMACY"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 20, 1900.
and a happy woman through Weltmerism.
Mrs. D. H. Allen of Aurora Springs. Mo.,
was in a hopeless condition, as she suf-
fered from consumption in Its worst form.
She. could not sleep without the aid of
morphine. Tried everything without re-
lief. , Fully restored by Prof. Weltmer'a
Absent Treatment. D. E. Alford of Ru-
bens. Jewell County. Kans., suffered for
three years with Kidney and Stomach
troubles; tried the best medical authori-
ties, but was told that his case was hope-
less. Took Prof. Weltmer's Absent Treat-
ment and in three days was cured.
Mrs." Jennie L. Lynch. Lakeview. Mo.,
was for two years afflicted with ulceration
of the womb, heart and stomach troubles
and general debility; was reduced to a
mere skeleton. After taking gallons of
obnoxious medicines, without relief, sh©
tried the Weltmer Absent Treatment. In
less than thirty days she was entirely re-
lieved and gained fifteen pounds. • •
Weltmerism is undoubtedly the greatest
discovery o( the age, and the Absent
Treatment of this wonderful science Is
Indeed a revelation, for through It Prof.
Weltmer can reach all classes of people,
no matter at what distance they live. By
writing Prof. S. A. Weltmer. Nevada,
Mo., you will receive, free of charge. Tha
Magnetic Journal, a 40-page Illustrated
Magazine, and a long list of the most re-
maikable cures ever made.
Tlme-%, :13>4; 5..,:57%; S, 1:02%: . %. ,1:29. Good starts Won first three driving. Winner,
G. W. Baldwin « eh. g., by Emperor, of Norfolk-Seven Up. . Sliver, Tall forgot to sulk. Ar-'
baces had -considerable -trouble getting to the front. ".. Princess a rough trip." Scratched—'
Senator Wilson' 118. Uterp 100. Expedient .loB. Melvln Burnham 105. .
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
TANTORAN" PARK. Monday. March 19. 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast.
Time— M. :»U: %. :«%• Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner. E. J. Baldwin's b. c,
by Emperor of Xorfolk-Maricopa. 'Coupled with Rio de Altar. Winner stood a long drive.
Combermere likes to back up last furlong. Rollick away- none too well. Diderot made a
pood Impression. Scratched— Follow Me 100, Billy Taylor 105, Moonbrtght . 107, Fred's Mount
100 - -¦ ¦ ¦
Time— %. :12; %, :J5; %, 1:00. Good start, except True Blue. Won ridden. out, second and
third driving. Winner. E. Corrliran's b. g.. by imp. St. Andrew-Ottyanna. St. Caslmlr
found the welcht to his liking. Peace ran » amely. after being knocked about. Miss Marlon
StOpped. ; -*~.~. nn n~r.<-.e-., -
1)55. THIRD RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; purse, $500.
Time— l-lfi. :06'/i: B-lfi. :32; 9-16. :5«»,»: 13-1«. 121%; mile. 1:40%; 1 l-16m. 1:46%. Qood start.
Won first three driving. Winner. E. . Corr an"s.ch. m., by Rlley-Modesty. Daisy F had
y*rt n' uroifM" ««-H !•—'•» »--•>— —'•--• •«. onormonde ran a» If short. '.-
11,' G. FOURTH RACE — One mile and an eighth; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Time— H. :13; "4. ¦&; %. l:02H: %. 1:»: mile. l:4o*i- l^ni. I:o3»/i. Pour start. Won easily,
second and third driving. Winner. J. Carroll's b. g.. by Imp. Midlothian-Misfortune. Win
ner a very «w(H horse to-day. Topmast hard ridden to beat Pirate. Scratched — El Mido
107. Sardonic 102. _ _;¦ _ _ -.•.'.'-"-
1)57. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Time— « 4. -.12%: H. :26; *», 1:01; T». 1:25%. Good start. Won easily, second and third drlv
lnc. Winner, M. Allaman's eh.- f.. by Herald-AJasco. ".- Alas had worked well at Ingleslde
track. Jazabel "dogged" jt. *. EdgarAo _cut^ off J£ Jtart^^Scra^cftgd—^prd ch eB tern>ld 105.
1)58. SIXTH RACE— Seven : furlong* ; three-year-olds and upward; purge, HOO.
FOR
SAN PEDRO
(Built In IS9D.) >^
Capacity 1000 tons. AH modern
conveniences for comfort. Elec- ¦
trie lighted throughout.
Balling . From ¦ •
BAN FRANCISCO
NOME DIRECT
May 15, 1900
This company will have Its own
complete equipment for the saf*
and expeditious landing of passen-
gers ar.d cargo on arrival at Norn*.
For Freight and Passenger
Rates Apply to
GAPE NOME STEAMSHIP GO.
. (H. R. DCFFIX & CO.. Gen' l Agents.)
10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
TEACHES HIS METHOD TO OTHERS.
The American School of Magnetic Heal-
in? is organized under the laws of the
State of Missouri. Prof. Weltmer la the
president of this institution and Prof. J.
r'M X^ r "^'V s^s'*' cure. He. there-
f/7M e *&%i§*ig!&£ig/yr fore, wishes oth-
PT^" <U !rt/ty /< £r<*4^'J.ns was found-
PROF. J.H.KELLY.
use in this school Is so complete In all Its
details that the students become as effi-
cient as Prof. Weltmer himself in this
great art to cure In .ten days. This noble
profession is taught either by mall or per-
sonal instructions. Any one who desires
can learn it, and any one who learns can
practice it. This has been abundantly
proved by the great number who have
been Instructed and who nre in the active
practl.ee of healing by this method. This
is beyond doubt-the best paying profession
of the age, as students who have learned
this method throuth the American School
of Magnetic Healing are earning from 110
to $50 pei day.
By addressing Prof. J. H. Kelly. Secre-
tary. Nevada. Mo., you will receive full in-
structions free of charge.
Prof. S. A. Weltmer, the eminent scien-
tist of Nevada. Mo., who originated that
Method of Magnetic Healing known ; as
Weltmerism, and which is indorsed by
both the press and the pulpit, has demon-
strated that disease is a crime. In a re-
cent interview he stated: "A crime is a
breach. Whether a breach of moral prin-
ciples, of law or of nature, it is still a
crime. Now, disease -is a breach of na-
ture, brought on by either an abuse of
nature or by not following nature's edict,
and whether this breach be in commission
or in omission, nature, like the State, de-
mands a penalty. Now I wish to demon-
strate that at the present time the, exist-
ing of disease is a double-headed crime —
first by its appearance, second by its con-
tinuation—for there is no disease, no mat-
ter how hopeless it may seem or of
how long Etanding, that cannot be
cured. Therefore, to continue in disease
1b a crime not only to oneself but to pos-
terity yet to come. Now w*e have demon-
strated by scientific researches that dis-
ease is a product produced by human
hands and is unnatural, therefore it can
again be remedied by human hands. The
reason that the . method which I have
originated has had such phenomenal suc-
cess Is because it acts In a perfectly nat-
ural manner, without the aid of either
drugs or the surgeon's knife, by "going
to the very seat of the trouble and placing
the constitution, in a robust condition. It
cures ail disease, no matter whether
chronic or acute. Take, for instance,
woman, who In the majority of cases is
placed upon the rack of torture simply
because those organs which make her a
woman are in' an unnatural condition.
Through Weltmerism they are placed •in
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
.Standard Optical Co., 317 Kearny st., leading
opticians. All work guaranteed; price* low. •
.Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. 'Taste Good. Do
Good, Never Sicken. Weaken, or Gripe. Bo SelfiOo.
...CURE CONSTIPATION. .„
ft»rtl»« Utm^i, C.m V *.j. 0k,,.. »— tr—l. I«w Twfc. «•
Sat With Judge Morrow.
Hon. f J." V.' L. " Findlay . ' a .; prominent
member of the Maryland bar, occupied the
bench of the Circuit Court yesterday with
United' States Circuit Judge Morrow dur
ing the calling of 'the calendar. . ;
"I have been nalng C.ISCAItETS for
Insomnia, -with which I have been afflicted for
over twenty years, and I can say that Case are ta
have given me more relief than any other reme-
dy I have ever tried. 1 Khali certainly recom-
mend them to my friend* :i.< being all they »r«
represented." Tuoa. Gillahu, JBlgln. 111.
EDITOR MANCINI NOT
AFRAID OF THE LAW
Wanted for Libeling a Witness Who
Testified Against Him in the
. . Be Lucis Case.
;'. G. Manclni, editor of La Critlca, a paper
published in .Italian, has again caused the
tongues 'of the residents ; in the Italian
quarter to go a-wagging. and as a result
a "warrant was sworn out in Judge Ca
baniss' court yesterday for his arrest on a
charge of criminal libel. The complainant
is Carlo Borreo," 632 Broadway.
..- Mancini was recently convicted by a
jury in Judge Mogan's court on the cnatge
of crimlnaj libel on the complaint of Dr.
A: de Lucis, and a few daya ago 'was fined
$30." ¦ Borreo was one of the, witnesses. for
the prosecution; and in the edition of La
Critlca of March 10 Borreo was accused of
having taken money from De Lucis for n;s
testimony, and his private character was
viciously assailed. •
SOLDIERS IMPLICATED
IN A BOLD ROBBERY
James Platt Arrested in Stockton
and "Will Be Brought
* r Back.
One of the soldiers who held up and
robbed .J. S. Johnson' at the Greenwich
street entrance to the Presidio on Friday
night was arrested at Stockton yesterday
from a description sent out by Chief of
Police Sullivan. He gave the name of
McCarthy, but his real name is James
Platt. . - , ¦-.
Johnson was employed as a laborer on
the fortifications at Fort Winfield Scott,
and came to the city for a few days. He
stopped at the Golden Eagle Hotel, and
Friday night was in the neighborhood of
the Presidio when he was attacked by
three soldiers. He was struck on. the head
with some instrument, and while partially
unconscious was- robbed of $160. The sol
diers ran into the Presidio and made their
escape. ..'::¦•
Johnson was taken to the Receiving
Hospital," where it was found that he had
two deep lacerated wounds on the scalp.
He has been in a critical condition since,
but' was somewhat improved ': • yesterday
and was sent to the City and County Hos
pital. Before leaving the -Receiving Hos
pital-he swore to a warrant" before Jufg*
Cabaniss for Platt's arrest, and Policeman
Fanning left yesterday afternoon for
Stockton to bring Platt bact. v
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
HEALTH BOARD'S
CREMATORY WILL
EMPTY A HOTEL
Burning Ch inatown Garbage
Under the Windows Is
Astonishing Fact Is Developed That
Nuisance Exists Only Because
of Persistent Ignoring, of
•the Law. '&£'.
The Board "of Health may have a dam
age suit on its hands as a result of the
huge nuisance it is maintaining in -. a va
cant lot on Pacific street, between Stock
ton and Dupont. Night. and day. for some
time, a fire has been kept burning on the
lot to destroy - 4 the -.refuse of Chinatown.
Yesterday there was a stir on Broadway.
The open-air crematory is directly behind
and ' adjoining a large lodging-house
known as the Colofnbo Hotel, of which
F.'. Zeiro is the proprietor. Yesterday Mr.
Zeiro,' wearied at .having 1 ., his 'lodgers
smoked tout, and realizing that his . busi
ness will inevitably be ruined .unless the
nuisance is abated, sent for the owner of
the property and notified him of his in
tention to vacate the - premises. , : *
For many days it has been impossible to
keep open any, windows in the neighbor
hood either on Broadway, Pacific or on
any adjacent street,* for the fumes have
penetrated everywhere. The fact that the
refuse all came from Chinatown has not
tended to soothe the feelings of: the ag
grieved residents of .that populous section.
The, owner of the Colombo -Hotel prop
erty remonstrated with the landlord, but
Zeiro was firm In his determination to get
out. 'Later in < the- afternoon the aston
ishing' fact -'-was- developed" that the; only
reason existing for converting the vacant
lot into an open crematory- for Chinese
garbage is the negligence of the Board "bf
Health in not enforcing the ordinance
making it " obligatory for scavengers •to
keep their carts tightly : covered. Atten
tion was called ' to ¦ the fact by The Call
last week that the law was being ignored,
and yesterday afternoon Dr. Chalmers,
chief sanitary i inspector, 0 who is i supervis
ing the burning of the garbage, : admitted
that the work was • done : on the open lot
simply because the Board of Health did
not wish, to; move: the; stuff through the
business ¦ streets in '; open carts I because of
danger from bacteria."- He. seemed Ignor
ant of the existence of the ordinance re
quiring; the carts to : be > covered. ¦¦: The or
dinance; referred • to : providing ' for covers
for the scavenger carts is about two years
old : and has been studiously ignored. •
dent. I. J. Truman treasurer. and R. A.
Bruce secretary of * the San Francisco
Benevolent Society yesterday. N. P. Cole
declined to serve again as president.
¦Messrs. Wilson, Truman and L. H. Bones
tell were elected directors. Reports were
received concerning the work of the so
city. Contributions were solicited. These
may be left with Secretary Bruce at the
study of the Howard-street M. E. Church.
that condition which nature and God
meant them to be, thereby dispelling the
pain and agony which so often comes
with the monthly period; it also dispels all
danger during that critical period known
as change of life. In fact, it is the only
positive cure for all female troubles.
"Then.again.take man in that weakened
condition which is called Lost Manhood,
and In my experience I have had thou-
sands of men place themselves under my
treatment who have. been almost drugged
to death by nostrums they saw advertised,
and I am proud to say that I have been
able to perfect a cure in every instance*"
We cannot but believe with Prof. Welt-
mer that to allow disease' to continue is a
crime. Our reason for coming to this be-
.lief is that it has now been demonstrated
that there is a cure for all diseases. For
Weltmerism has been given more severe
tests than has any curative power known
to man, and the fact that it ha 3 cured
more than 100.000 men and women from
every disease known is positive proof that
Weltmerism will cure when all else fails.
The most remarkable feature about Welt-
merism is that part known as the Absent
Treatment, which annihilates space and
cures disease, no matter at what distance
the patient may live. We take great
pleasure in publishing here a few of the
many thousand testimonials that are in
the hands of Prof. J. H. Kelly, the emi-
nent co-laborer of Prof. Weltmer:
T. T. Rodes of Paris. Mo., the Prosecut-
ing Attorney of Monroe County, suffered
for years with Sciatic Rheumatism. Tried
everything without benefit. Was in-
stantly cured through Prof. - Weltmer's
Absent Treatment.
Mrs. C. P. Graham of Boise City, lowa,
was afflicted for nine years with rheuma-
tism: she could not walk without crutches
or lift her hands to her head; she paid out
$300) with doctors before coming to Jye-
vada. She now proclaims herself cured
San Francisco Benevolent Society.
Rev. ¦J. ?• A- : B. Wilson • was elected * presl-
- . . ¦ : ¦ - - ¦ —^^^— — — —^->
TWAOI MAWW — OaiTWItBI^^^
1111*1 U-DAU gut* to «IliUK'lV)b*ooo Ua&xT
5
PROF. J. ri. KELLY.
I I (Betting.
Index. Hors*. Welght.|St. Km. %m. %rri. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. |Op. t;i.
934 Rio <Je Altar 10811 2 3 3 1 lh Henry I 10 S
934 Combermere ...107 J 12 11 2 1 K. Ross 7-10 3-5
(929) Rollick 109 6 3h 2h 3^4 Thorpe | 5-2 7-2
916 Diderot 105 8 , ... ... 4 1 4 2 4 4 Lopue | 100 400
547 Countess Clara 100 5 8 7 1 6 1 Helnson | 60 100
841 Maldonado 10S 1 ... ... 8 2 6 2 6 1 Alexander .... • •
841 Beelzebub 11l 4 52.53 7 6 PlKROtt 10 12
822 Carilee :..104 7 7 3 8 8 I. Powell 10 20
Index.
Horse.
Age. Weight.|St.
Vim.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
lOp.
Cl.
(931) St. Casimir. 3 89 2
909 Peace. 4 89 4
931 Mountebank. 3 9i 1
919 Miss Marion. 4 .101 3
931 Gussle Fay. 3 S7 5 . -
942 Jael, 5 103 6
S3JS Tru<» Blue. 6 105 Left
1 h
5 1*
4 h
2 4
3 h
6
12
3 1
62
- 4 h
2 1
6
1 2
2 1
3 1
62
4 h
6
1 1
2 3
3 3
4 2
. 6 4
6
J. Martin. T~
Buchanan .... 5-2
Basalnger .... 20
Henry 5-2
Ranch 30
I*. Daly 30
Bozeman ..... 10
6-5
4
30
3
60
- 60
8
index. Horse.
Age. Welßht-lSt.
Urn.
%m.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Op.
Cl.
(945) Daley F. 6 W4| 4
950 Advance Guard, 3.-1% 2
877 Roeormonde, 5 115 1
»46 Capttve. a 103 3
434 3 ' 1
1 n i
2 2
3 2.
4
1 2
2 %
2 2
3 4
1 1
4
1 1
3 6
2 1
4
lh IHenry 9-10 9-10
2 5 J. Martin 11-6 - 2
3 4 E. R055........ 5-2 9-2
4 M. Bergen 20 40
¦?x
orse.
• ire.
eya.
•p.
-1
552 Catastrophe, <i Ill; 2
(937) Topmast. 6 ...11l 4
930 Red Pirate. 4 106 3
845 Tappan. • 11l 6
890 Gotob^d. S 107 1
939 Cromwell, a 107 7
936 Einstein. 6 104 5
1 i*
3 h
6 h
7
4 I
6 3.
2 1
1 1
2 h
6 2
61
3 h
7
4 1
15
2 1
3 1
5H
42
1— ¦
63
1 4
2 n
32
6 4
4 1
61
7
14 Henry n-S 13-i
2ns Plggott 3-2 9-6
3 2 Hennessey;.;.. 12 2C
4 1 Thorpe ........ 4 s
5 5 Shaw .......... "4 7.2
6 1 I. P0we11...... ,60 10i)
7 - Bassinger 30 '6C
Indwt Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Km. Mm. \m Str. Fin. I Jockey. [Op. -
... Alas. 3 89 5 1 4 1 6 110 18 1 6 J. Martin. «....! 8
... Chappie. 6 ..112 3- «H 3h 2 4 2n Qlover .......... 7
928 Jazabel. * 103 4 2 H 2Vi 21 3h In Henry ...... .7. 2'
544 Henry C. 5 10S 6 6 .6 1 5 2 5V4 4h Shaw 15
937 ?>3B»nlo. 3 SI 15 '4 142 4452 Ranch 4
»43 March Seven. 3 89 2 7 8 2 7% 6 2 6h H. Stuart..... 6
919 AU«ina. 3 104 10 9 .82 » 72 74, E. Ross 3
928 Harry Corby, 4 102 7 8 71 .81 8 5 8 5 Heinson ...... 10
844 Formella, 5 113 8 *S %' 31- 6 1 9 1 9 1 Macklln 5
. .. Attlcus. 6 .105 9 10 10 10 10 10 J. Wooda. 10
Jockeys.
|Op.
Cl.
6
. 6
9-5
; 20
7
12
5
30
12
40
Cl.
Ind<*». Hors*. Age. Welght-lst. " Mm. Hm. %n. Str. Fin. | Jockeyg. . i
834 Sliver Tall, 3 106 1 lh lh 1 V 4 2h 1 hll. P0we11......
577 Arbac*s, S :.118 « 7 «h .7 1 H 2 IV4 PlKKOtt .:.....
92« Ited Cherrj-. 3 B<t 2' 3h 3h 52 42 3 h Ranch ........
9H Croker. 4 102 3 41- 4h 4^ ' 3^ 44 Fauntleroy ...
857 Be Happy, 5 110 4 ' 2 2 21 , 21.61 6 6 Shaw .........
928 Mi*s Soak. 5.. ......103 5 5 14. "5 14 .< 6hi 7 , . 6 1 U Daly. V.
- 625 Hindoo Print-gag. 3.l<M 7'¦' ¦ 6 H t 3h 5h 7 v Alexander ....
IQp. Cl.
10 . 20
2-5 1-5
. 7 8
20 30
U2, 25
15 : 30
15 -. : 30
Ind<*». Hors*. Age. Welght-lst. " Mm. Hm. %n. Str. Fin. | Jockeyg. . i
834 Sliver Tall, 3 106 1 lh lh 1 V 4 2h 1 hll. P0we11......
577 Arbac*s, S :.118 « 7 «h .7 1 H 2 IV4 PlKKOtt .:.....
92« Ited Cherrj-. 3 B<t 2' 3h 3h 52 42 3 h Ranch ........
9H Croker. 4 102 3 41- 4h 4^ ' 3^ 44 Fauntleroy ...
857 Be Happy, 5 110 4 ' 2 2 21 , 21.61 6 6 Shaw .........
928 Mi*s Soak. 5.. ......103 5 5 14. "5 14 .< 6hi 7 , . 6 1 U Daly. V.
- 625 Hindoo Print-gag. 3.l<M 7'¦' ¦ 6 H t 3h 5h 7 v Alexander ....
IQp. Cl.
10 . 20
2-5 1-5
. 7 8
20 30
U2, 25
15 : 30
15 -. : 30
I I (Betting.
Index. Hors*. Welght.|St. Km. %m. %rri. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. |Op. t;i.
934 Rio <Je Altar 10811 2 3 3 1 lh Henry I 10 S
934 Combermere ...107 J 12 11 2 1 K. Ross 7-10 3-5
(929) Rollick 109 6 3h 2h 3^4 Thorpe | 5-2 7-2
916 Diderot 105 8 , ... ... 4 1 4 2 4 4 Lopue | 100 400
547 Countess Clara 100 5 8 7 1 6 1 Helnson | 60 100
841 Maldonado 10S 1 ... ... 8 2 6 2 6 1 Alexander .... • •
841 Beelzebub 11l 4 52.53 7 6 PlKROtt 10 12
822 Carilee :..104 7 7 3 8 8 I. Powell 10 20
Index.
Horse.
Age. Weight.|St.
Vim.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
lOp.
Cl.
(931) St. Casimir. 3 89 2
909 Peace. 4 89 4
931 Mountebank. 3 9i 1
919 Miss Marion. 4 .101 3
931 Gussle Fay. 3 S7 5 . -
942 Jael, 5 103 6
S3JS Tru<» Blue. 6 105 Left
1 h
5 1*
4 h
2 4
3 h
6
12
3 1
62
- 4 h
2 1
6
1 2
2 1
3 1
62
4 h
6
1 1
2 3
3 3
4 2
. 6 4
6
J. Martin. T~
Buchanan .... 5-2
Basalnger .... 20
Henry 5-2
Ranch 30
I*. Daly 30
Bozeman ..... 10
6-5
4
30
3
60
- 60
8
index. Horse.
Age. Welßht-lSt.
Urn.
%m.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Op.
Cl.
(945) Daley F. 6 W4| 4
950 Advance Guard, 3.-1% 2
877 Roeormonde, 5 115 1
»46 Capttve. a 103 3
434 3 ' 1
1 n i
2 2
3 2.
4
1 2
2 %
2 2
3 4
1 1
4
1 1
3 6
2 1
4
lh IHenry 9-10 9-10
2 5 J. Martin 11-6 - 2
3 4 E. R055........ 5-2 9-2
4 M. Bergen 20 40
¦?x
orse.
• ire.
eya.
•p.
-1
552 Catastrophe, <i Ill; 2
(937) Topmast. 6 ...11l 4
930 Red Pirate. 4 106 3
845 Tappan. • 11l 6
890 Gotob^d. S 107 1
939 Cromwell, a 107 7
936 Einstein. 6 104 5
1 i*
3 h
6 h
7
4 I
6 3.
2 1
1 1
2 h
6 2
61
3 h
7
4 1
15
2 1
3 1
5H
42
1— ¦
63
1 4
2 n
32
6 4
4 1
61
7
14 Henry n-S 13-i
2ns Plggott 3-2 9-6
3 2 Hennessey;.;.. 12 2C
4 1 Thorpe ........ 4 s
5 5 Shaw .......... "4 7.2
6 1 I. P0we11...... ,60 10i)
7 - Bassinger 30 '6C
Indwt Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Km. Mm. \m Str. Fin. I Jockey. [Op. -
... Alas. 3 89 5 1 4 1 6 110 18 1 6 J. Martin. «....! 8
... Chappie. 6 ..112 3- «H 3h 2 4 2n Qlover .......... 7
928 Jazabel. * 103 4 2 H 2Vi 21 3h In Henry ...... .7. 2'
544 Henry C. 5 10S 6 6 .6 1 5 2 5V4 4h Shaw 15
937 ?>3B»nlo. 3 SI 15 '4 142 4452 Ranch 4
»43 March Seven. 3 89 2 7 8 2 7% 6 2 6h H. Stuart..... 6
919 AU«ina. 3 104 10 9 .82 » 72 74, E. Ross 3
928 Harry Corby, 4 102 7 8 71 .81 8 5 8 5 Heinson ...... 10
844 Formella, 5 113 8 *S %' 31- 6 1 9 1 9 1 Macklln 5
. .. Attlcus. 6 .105 9 10 10 10 10 10 J. Wooda. 10
Jockeys.
|Op.
Cl.
6
. 6
9-5
; 20
7
12
5
30
12
40
Cl.Pmm gM !/^S5r )m\
1 RUSSIAN 1
{CIGARETTES!
S 1O oexits forlO $
X Monopol Tobacco Works 2
z^^ aii r^ iiiiiia •
DICTIONARY GIRLS.
A disagreeable girl— Annie Mosity.
A sweet girl— Carrie Mell.
A big-hearted girl— Jenny Rosity.
A smooth girl— Amelia Rate.
A clear case of girl— E. Lucy Date.
A geometric girl— Hettie Rodox.
A rich girl— Mary Gold.
A nice girl— Ella Gant.
A flower girl— Rhoda Dondren.
A musical girl— Sarah Nade.
A profound girl— Metta Physics. • ;Y;
A star girl— Meta Qnc. • ' /
iA clinging girl— Jessie Mine.
A nervous girl— Hester leal.
A muscular girl— Callie Sthenics. :\> r '
A lively girl— Annie Mation.
An uncertain girl— Eva Nescent.
A sad girl-Ella G. ': .'.- ' .
A great big girl— Ella Phant. •
A warlike girl— MillleTary.— Boston Her
ald. ..... -
Personally Conducted Excursions
In improved wide-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
rleeptng cars via Santa Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur
sions to look after the welfare of passenger*.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday .and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. CS Market street.
A Giddy Young Thing.
"Som© scientists say that the earth Is
thirty million years old."
"Then I suppose tHct "Venus Is one of
the ballet girls of the solar system."— Life.
if blue and white were suffered to mingle
together. But the fair one was equal to
the occasion.
"Nonsense," said she, as she pressed for
ward; "what do you take us for? A seid
litz powder?"
The aid collapsed. VAnd yet It is some
times said that women have no sense of
humor. — New York Evening Post. • ¦
States or of this State, or who shall hold
any other salaried office connected with
the government of this city and county
of San Francisco or shall become a mem
ber of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have vacated the position held by him
under the city and county."
A LOST VESSEL— M. V.. City. The «hlp
that some years ago took a pilot on board
at the mouth of the Columbia river and
was lost was the Cadzow Forest, wrecked
In February, 1896. In May following por
tions of the wreck were found.
BALLOT BOX— Subscriber. Lewis. Mar
iposa Co., Cal. The Political 'Code'of "Cal"
ifornia does not prescribe the particular
kind of a ballot box that shall be used
at an election, but it provides before re
ceiving any ballots It must be exhibited
to those. present, closed and remained
closed until after the close of the polls.
RECONSIDERATION— A. S. N-. City.
Parliamentary law Is that when a motion
to reconsider properly belongs to a vote
that has been taken It can be mads on
the same day on which the vote was tak
en, when a member has the floor, when
other business Is before the body or when
the vote is being taken on a motion to
adjourn.
[But action must be deferred until the busi
ness then before the body la disposed of. In
such case the motion is made and seconded, en
tered upon the minutes and business proceeds
before the meeting: as before, and as soon
as disposed of the reconsideration. If called up.
takes precedence of all other motions, except to
fix the time to which to adjourn and to ad-
Journ,.but.lf not called up_lts.effect terminates;
with the session, provided that In an assembly
having regular meetings as often as monthly.
If no adjourned meeting Is held of the one at
¦which; the -reconsideration was moved, its ef
fect shall not- terminate until the close of the
next meetlnir. As long as Its effects last, as
already shown, any one can call up the motion
to reconsider and have It acted upon, except'ng
that when Its effect extends beyond the meet
ing at which the motion was made no one but
the mover can call It up at that meeting.]
The above is from "Hoot's Digest of
Parliamentary Rujin^s." Shattuck in
"Advanced. Rules of Parliamentary Law"
says: -"The motion to reconsider may be
made at the same meeting, or at the one
next succeeding: that, at which the vote
was taken, but not later."
Assemblies are guided by the rules pro
vided in the by-laws, and not knowing
under what rules your association is
working it is Impossible to determine If
the ruling of the president .was correct or
not. . . - ;
STATE OWNERSHIP.
/^ALIFORNIA entered upon a small experiment
\ in State ownership of lands, somewhat on the
single tax line. ' It is in the form of an amend
ment to our State revenue law, which makes the State
the sole purchaser of lands sold for delinquent taxes.
Before this law^was passed such; lands were sold to
tax title -buyers.. The theory of the change was, of
course, that the oppressed delinquent taxpayer could
redeem his property from the State before expiration
of his equity, without paying a speculative advance
which the tax title buyer might exact from him. The
Teaf motive behind this theory appears to have been
to introduce the State into the real estate business as
a land-owner. Of course if the State could succeed
in amassiifg a considerable landed estate it would be
practically withdrawing that much property from
taxation, since it cannot pay taxes to itself. This
would increase the burden of taxation upon, the pri
vate owners, and this would naturally be followed by
an increase in delinquencies and further additions to
the State's holdings. Of course to- utilize its lands
and realties the State will have to become a renter
and take the rental value of its property .as public
revenue. The real projectors of the law, the single
taxers, would then have their system in actualopera
tion.
It never occurred to any one that the delinquent
taxpayer could be protected against abuse by legally
limiting the advance that the tax title buyer could
put on the property for. redemption. The law could
protect the treasury, the delinquent and the buyer
equally, so that the treasury would get the taxes, the
buyer a reasonable return on his money, and the de
linquent a chance to redeem without being oppressed.
The change has furnished no better protection to
the treasury and has introduced oppression, not of
the delinquent, but of the payer of taxes.
As is usual when the State goes into paternalism,
there is less scrupulous exactness in the transaction
of business by revenue officials. The result is that a
great many taxpayers all over the State who hold re
ceipts for their taxes find that without their knowl
edge the State has become the owner of their prop
erty through purchase under this paternal law. The
entry of their payment has not been carried forward
to the final account and they have been sold out as
delinquents. Their troubles do not stop there. Un
der the old system when such a mistake occurred the
presentation of a tax receipt canceled the claim of
the tax title buyer. If hehad any way of getting back
his money from the treasury that was his business.
The property-owner got the advantage due to his vigi
lance and civic spirit in the pronjpt payment of his
tax. Now this is all changed. The citizens who hold
tax receipts, and find that through neglect their prop
erty has gone to the final account and
been sold to the State, are compelled to pay their tax
over again to get back their own! On no other terms
will the State let*go its grip. . It is confiscation and
nothing else. We believe the oppressed taxpayer has
recourse in the Federal courts, where a State may be
sued. It is depriving a citizen of his property with
out due process of law. But suing the State is ex
pensive. The State pays its lawyers out of the treas
ury, with the raonqy furnished by the taxpayers, so
that the suitor, when he goes. to law with the State,
is, in a certain sense, suing himself and has to pay
both sides of the fight.
Therefore it is cheaper for the average sufferer to
pay his tax twice and get his property back than it
is for him to fight for his rights in the Federal courts.
The law was unsound in principle, and therefore
proves a failure and an oppression in administration,
and should be repealed.
NERVING GREAT BRITAIN.
IN prospect of victory Lord Roberts is doing his
part in the politics of the war by reporting "Boer
•outrages" and other things defamatory of ..the
brave but few in South Africa who have held an em
pire at bay for half a year.
The course of his Lordship is deliberately taken to
justify the crime of politics that is to follow the trag
edy of war. The sinister purpose of Cecil Rhodes is
to be .accomplished, and duality of government in
South Africa is to cease by the destruction of the re
publics.
There seems no ground for holding the least hope
of any other result. ' Of course we leave out of the
calculation things not in sight now. The Transvaal
may stubbornly resist so long that complications else
where will change the whole aspect of affairs. That
England feels how little might turn the scale is shown
by the official prder to make the display of the Irish
flag and adulation of the shamrock an effusive offi
cial ceremony, under the patronage of her Majesty.
While the Irish have never been formidable, this in
cident is evidence that the right little, tight -little isl
and will feel safer if the Irish are flattered into re
pqse. But, including all the visible and probable fac
tors, there is in sight no help for the assassination of
the two republics. That which Rhodes attempted in
the Jameson raid Chamberlain will accomplish by a
war that was begun upon another pretext, but for the
same purpose. . ¦
Not even the British Liberals will present a united
front against the destruction of the republics. In "his
speech in the Commons on February 15, after re
peating the history of the American Civil War, which
began with a call for 75.000 soldiers and required a levy
of 2,750,000 men before it was over, Lord Rosebery
replied to a member of the Ministry who said, "This
is not a great crisis like that; that was a matter of
life and death," as follows: "I say this is a matter
of life and death. I completely adopt the words of the
noble Lord opposite. Take the hypothesis for one
moment, though we will not admit it, that you should
not be victorious in this war. Then you lose South
Africa. You could not show your face there. You
lose the principal colony of your empire. You lose
the mtfst important base you have outside these isl
ands. But if you lose South Africa you lose a great
deal more than that. This empire rests largely upon
prestige. These colonies, that have come so en
thusiastically to our "support, have done so because
they believe' they are associating themselves with the
most powerful empire the world has ever seen. If
you deprive them of that feeling the life of your em
pire is short. You will be shut up in these islands,
one of which, I fear, does not love you, and your
empire outside will break away from you, and where
it is without defense will fall a prey to other nations.
In the meantime you alone, with your fleet, will be
in the midst of a Europe which has many, scores to
pay off and will be only too ready to begin."
It is impossible to see in this declaration by an
opponent of the war any other lesson than the ne
cessity of destroying the republics whose existence
has caused a menace to the life of the empire. The
British feeling is practically universal that the pres
tige of the nation requires the wiping out of the
Boer governments. And as Lord Rosebery admits
that prestige is the foundation of the empire, what
ever maintains it is necessary to imperial life.
A world power then becomes greatly like a world's
champion pugilist — must respond to every challenge
to fight, and win in every battle, or give up the belt.
English Liberals are as much committed as the Con
servatives to the maintenance of the empire, and so
there is no room to hope for any effective opposition
to Mr. Chamberlain's programme for making- a
crown colony out of the two Dutch states.
Still Lord Roberts finds it necessary to fire the
British heart, and even Parliament encourages mobs
to break up anti-war meetings, and free speech is
checked throughout the islands, not by law, but by
lawlessness.
Standing over against Lord Roberts' report de
faming the Boers maybe put this sorrowful bit from
a letter by a Royal Army Medical Corps officer,
written from near Ladysmith: "One of the Boer
medical officers rode in to us under a Red Cross flag
and asked us to go and bury our dead, which we did.'
But the sight of those poor fellows lying on the hill,
some of them dreadfully riddled with bullets, I can
never forget. The Boers were very good; in fact,
one would hardly have thought they were enemies.
They talked to us quite freely and helped us to dig
the graves and to carry our dead. There was one
very touching incident. After our major had read
the burial service one of the Boers stepped out and
said a short prayer, hoping the war would soon end,
and while we stood with uncovered heads they sang
a hymn in Dutch. It cut our fellows up very much
indeed; in fact, we could hardly speak for some
time."
Incidents of that sort are not widely circulated in
Great Britain, where a political emergency, incident
to the prestige of empire," makes it necessary to pre
sent the Boer as an unfeeling savage.
test the value of the invention, it appears there
is; some danger . the old telegraph companies
will buy up the patents and suppress the -¦ use
of the new system for . some time to come.
The invention is in. the , hands' of .a 'syndicate,
and individual enterprise,' spurred on by competition,
has no opportunity to push forward its improvement
and development. : Thus the Philadelphia Record
says: 'The ship-owners' can do. but little toward
'realizing speedily the full utility "of this discovery.
The child of Marconi's branv may perish of inanition
after all, starved to death by the monopoly monster
which now guards all discoveries promising cent per
cent." . "- .'\ '¦; r >^ v : ; ¦¦¦-«' ; ; ' :
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrheum-Vau<sevnie.
<Jran<l Opera-house — "The Grand Duchess."
Grand Opera -House— Concert this afternoon.
California — •¦pudd'nhead Wilson."
California— Paderewski. Monday. March 16.
Olumbla— "Because Khe Loved Him So."
Ttvoll— "The Hole Eye."
Alhambra — "Throe Musketeers."
Alcazar— "Diplomacy."
Fischer's K« w Concert House — "II Trovatore."
Chute*. Zoo aad Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evpnlre.
Olymfia, corner of Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Shenr.an - Clay Hall— Afred A. Farland. Banjoist. Friday
evf nir.g. March 13. jr. :
Western Turf Association— Races to-day.
The elections this year will •present ah interesting
contrast to most of those" that have gone before them?
They will be lacflcing: in the element of contest, and
will serve simply to register and legalize ;'an over-
whelming Republican, victory.'--. V"'".
. Roberts has captured Bloemfontein, but from there
to Pretoria is a far cry, and the war is young', yet. ~ ¦-¦?.;•
Taken for a Seidlitz Powder.
Very, 'old persons and very young per
sons are apt to be great sticklers for eti
quette* Queen Victoria; is an example for
the one, and Lord'Beauchamp. the British
Governor -of New South Wales, Df the.
other. Since the latter haa occupied the
Government house at Sydney, he has been
at great pains to make official receptions
as • imposing ' and » dignified as possible.
With . this i end in view he ' has ordalnd
that only guests! of a certain rank should
be . permitted to >. approach Hhe • presence
through designated doors/ < To ; these blue
tickets 'are awarded; to others of inferior
mold, white. At a recent function, through
some mismanagement, | an ' important pub
llc man received a blue card,* while a white
one was sent >to - his ' wlf c, ¦ and : when the
pair reached the | audience I chamber. tb./»re
was trouble.; The lady declined to be sep
arated I from | her I husband or to I abandon
the aristocratic *' blue ranks. An < aid-de
camp endeavored to reason with her find
explain • the ¦ commotion ] that would • ensue
The Persian Minister to Washington, who resigned
his post in disgust because the correspondents in
sisted upon joshing his name, is to be succeeded by
a gentleman whose name cannot be pronounced. If
we ever get into a diplomatic squabble with the Shah
it will be safer to thrash him first and talk about it
The people of Suisun are convinced that the death
rate among them will be materially reduced if the
Southern Pacific Company is forced to place gates
at dangerous crossings. A little expert testimony on
street gates as they are operated in the Mission
might dispel the illusion.
General Methuen accounts for one of his South
African defeats by a flash of two rifles and a lantern
gleam. -The excuse might pass were it not for the
interesting fact that the same General declared that
the fire of the Boers with dumdum bullets was dis
astrously effective.
li Cecil Rhodes continues to shout his harsh criti
cisms of certain British generals . there will be no
need for a discussion of the opinion that he is the
"patriotic" spirit who is sacrificing thousands of
human lives in a bloody war.
Croker's Best Story.
I have heard a good many stories In my
time, said Richard Croker.the Tammany
"boss." .the trouble : is . to remember
them. I enjoy them " when I hear Them,
but they go in one ear and out the other.
The best one I can- now recall is about
Sheriff Dunn. : Perhaps you . know that
there is a Thomas • Dunn ¦ Association,
named after the Sheriff. It Is a social or
ganization and gives a ball every. year.
Last year the Imll was givqn Boon after
Mr. Dunn* was elected and there- was a
big attendance. One man, an old friend
of the Sheriff, got himself up '• in great
shape for the occasion, appearing for the
first time' in his life In evening dress. '
He went -up to Dunn at the ball.
"Hello. Tom," he said;; "how do I look
in a dress suit?'.' . ¦ " ' ¦ . ~ \
"First rate." said the Sheriff, "why
don't you get . one?" ; - : -.--
On another occasion ' a certain Tam
many man came to' Dunn's office' and
told him he was ¦ going i to ' be . married.
"That's good news," . said { the Sheriff,
"have you seen Croker about It?" — Life,
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY AT WORK.
I ATE reports of experiments with wireless
• telegraphy made by officers of the German
— * navy are to the' effect that such improvements
have been made in the system that it is now avail
able for use at distances of upward of fifty miles over
water, when the messages are sent to a fixed station,
but that for some reason communications are not ac
curately received by a ship at a distance of more than
thirty-five miles.
The experiments were conducted by officers on the
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, .communicating with a
land station. When the steamer was fifty miles away
her signals were distinctly and correctly read at the
station, but the. return signals were not clear at that
distance. These results, while 'not equal to the ex
pectations of the more sanguine portion of the world,
show a wonderful accomplishment, considering the
recent beginning of the system.
Less than a year ago. when The Call received re
ports from the international yacht race off New York
harbor by wireless telegraphy,* the announcement that
such messages, amounting to many thousands '¦•¦ of
words, had been received across fifteen miles of water
was met in some quarters with incredulity and scoff
ing. The yellow journals' in particular were sure the
reports were the result of faking. The Examiner in
this city, for example, actually declared there was no
such thing possible as wireless telegraphing. Now
the feat accomplished by the Germans shows the sys
tem to be practicable for fifty miles under good con
ditions, and "available between ships for a distance
more than double that covered by the telegrams sent
last summer. .-• '{y,
While these and other recent experiments . at-
The Pleasures of Public Life.
"What' office" is Colonel Bunker runlngr
for at present?" asked the man who had
just returned from the Klondike.
"He isn't a candidate for anything at
present," replied the one who had re
mained at home.
"Great George Dewey! What's the mat
ter? Has he been a victim of foul play?"
"No; he succeeded In being appointed
oil gauger about three months ago, and
he's been away -on bis vacation ever
since."— Chicago Times-Herald.
No well regulated household should bo with-
out a bottle of Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters,
the celebrated appetizer.
There arc some who think Victoria's decision to
sport the shamrock and to visit Ireland is due to dip
lomacy, but there are others who regard it as an evi
dence that she is trying to assure herself a green old
age. V; -*V.
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator.
The best liver medicine. A vegetable cure for
liver U'.s, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH
PARIS has made herself more radiant than ever,
and during the summer will entertain visitors
from aU parts of the globe by an exposition of
the wonders of human industry and the marvels which
the arts and the sciences of- the nineteenth cenlury
have accomplished.. To visit the city thousands of
people in the United States are now preparing, and
therefore the series of lessons in French conversation
which are now appearing in The Call are to many
the most interesting and most instructive of the entire
spring course of the Home Circle Studies.
These lessons, twenty in number, have been pre
pared especially for Americans who have no-knowl
edge of the language by Professor Benno Kirsch
baum, a distinguished French scholar and teacher.
All ; readers'.' of -The Call who wish to make a begin
ning in French conversation will findit to their ad
vantage to follow these studies. The ability to use
ten French words "to the point" will help to make
"touring" easier, and a working vocabulary of one
hundred words will surely cover up a ' multitude of
embarrassments. Professor- Kirschbaum \ has -con
ducted European parties, and is thoroughly familiar
with the initial language needs of an American .in
Paris. . ... •--' . % -
Several papers of the series have . been published
and have received warm commendation from persons
who are not. only familiar with. the French language
but have had considerable experience in teaching it
to Americans, and, therefore are well fitted to judge
of the merit of the lessons as home studies. ""• •
Even to' persons who are not going to Paris the
course will be found an agreeable as well as a useful
study, for in a cosmopolitan city like San Francisco it
is always of advantage to know something at least
of that which has been called "the polite language of
the world/ These French lessons therefore deserve
the attention 1 of all, and. will well repay the time^and
study gjjven them. " .
If you're getting a new spring gown.
The fashionable gown to get
Is the one which every one's going to ww
But no one Is wearing yet-
¦v —Detroit Journal.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at TownsenD'S
Special Information supplied dally ta
business bouses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. .. **/•'
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MASONRY-Subscriber. City. This de
partment is unable to obtain information
of a satisfactory nature as to whether
the individual named in the letter of in
quiry, was ever a Mason or not.
SPANISH-AMERICAN VOLUNTEERS
— T. R. M., Fairmount, Dr. There is no
prospect that those soldiers who served In
the Philippines and returned to the
United States on transports will receive
anjfc travel pay.
MINING AND AGRICULTURE-G. W.
G., City. If you desire information. about
the mining and the agricultural interests
of the State of California call at the of
fices of the State Mining Bureau and 'of
the State Board of Trade, both in the
Ferry building, this city.
OPENING A LETTER— D. TV. C, City.
The penalty In California for opening ¦ a
letter addressed to another is that which
attaches to a misdemeanor, not to exceed
$500 or imprisonment not to exceed six
months, or both. The party aggrieved 13
the one who should prosecute the of
fender. ,' . , ,
SUPE— C. R., City. . "Supe" Is used in
the theatrical profession is the abbrevia
tion of supernumerary and is applied to
those individuals who in the plays make
up the "army" or fill non-speaking parts
and sometimes to the individual who,
dressed in livery, enters and says "Mi
lud. the carriage waits." Tha pay of such
is from 50 cents to $1 a night.
WOMEN AND 'CITIZENSHIP— M. 'A.
M., City. Women who are aliens can be
come citizens. of the United States . just
the same as men. The applicant for citi
zenship must make application in the Su
preme or Federal Court for first papers,
and in time she can apply for naturaliza
tion papers and obtain them. If she has
complied with all the requirements, which
will be explained when she receives first
papers. -
BY THE MONTH— W. pi. City. If a
man engages by , the month to perform
any labor, he Is. according to the recog
nized rules, entitled to pay for thirty
days, whether he works Sundays or not,
and if discharged before the end of the
month entitled to pay at the rate of one
thirtieth of the month's pay for each day
he worked or was In employ. If there are
thirty-one days In a month he has to
work the full thirty-one days, for, like
rent, the working month is from say -the
first of the month to the first of the next.
TWO SALARIES— F. T., City. The
charter of San Francisco says: "Any per
son holding a salaried office under the
city and county, whether by • election or
appointment, who shall during his term
of office hold or retain any other salaried
office under the government of the United
The McCarthy resolution
SUPERVISOR MCCARTHY has taken the first
?tep toward remedying the defect in the char
ter which leaves the telephone company free
from the municipal supervision provided for- every
ether person, company or corporation having a fran
chise for operating a public utility. . Thus the trick
which the telephone company, through its astute at
torney, perpetrated upon the charter-makers is in a
fair way to be defeated as promptly as the machinery
of the law permits.
The resolution declares:
That the Board of Supervisors of the city and county
of S?an Francisco hereby propose .to the qualified elec
tors of the city and county of San Francisco that sub
division 14, section 1, chapter 2, article 11, of the charter
of the city a.nd county of San Francisco be amended to
read as follows:
Subdivision 14. To fix and determine by ordinance In
the month of February of each year, to take effect on
the Ist day of July thereafter, the maximum rates of
compensation to be collected by any person, company
or corporation in the city and county for the use of
water, heat, light, power, telephone, telegraph or pneu
matic service, supplied % to the city and county or to the
inhabitants thereof, and to prescribe the quality of the
6*rvice.
Further resolved. That the attention of the Election
Commissioners be and is hereby called to this resolution.
The resolution having been referred to the Judi
ciary Committee, is now to be considered upon its
merits. It is to be borne in mind there is nothing
in it which savors of any injustice to telephone com
panies or corporations. The amendment merely puts
them on the same plane with light, heat, power and
pneumatic service companies and other organizations
of the kind. It does no more than remedy a serious
defect in the charter. That is all.
That some form of supervision over telephone cor
porations is necessary to protect the rights of the pub
lic is beyond a doubt. The demand for the supervision
is not confined to San Francisco. In Massachusetts
it is propose^to place all such companies or corpora
tions under the control of a State commission, be
cause the aggressions of the telephone corporations
in that State have been found intolerable. Congress
has found it necessary to interfere to protect- the
rights of the people of the District of Columbia
against such corporations. Supervision here will
therefore be in line with the policy adopted else
where.
There is no reason to be given why the charter
should not be amended in the way proposed, and
therefore it can hardly be doubted the Supervisors
will promptly adopt the McCarthy resolution. That
being so, the Election Commission c^n submit the
i^sue to the electors in time to have it ready for rati
fication by the Legislature next winter. That pro
gramme is one on which there should be unanimity
among all faithful officials and intelligent citizens.
AUCTION SALES.
By Fullivan & Dojie — T»ls dar. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
EU Mist-ion etre.-t: also at Twelfth and Harrison streets.
Microbe of Old Age.
Dr. Foster of Chicago is not an ardent
supporter of the Pasteur theories. He
says: "When a man spends his lifo in
sterilized clothing, eating sterilized grapes
off a sterilized table, washed with ster
ilized water and dried with a sterilized
napkin, and then dies at the early age of
62, I say his life Is useless from a scientific
point of view. His mind and time are oc
cupied in dodging microbes."
' Apropos of which we are happy in an
nouncing to the scientific world that the
microbe of old age has at last been dis
covered. He is baldheaded. with no teeth
and a trifle sprung in his front legs.
CAN ANY ONE TELL WHO INSPIRED THE RAID?
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
VT, H. McKenzle, a banker of Fresno, is
at the Lick.
F. A. Autenrieth, a merchant of Treka,
Is at the Grand. :: -",
W. D. Bannister, a mining man of So
nora, is at the Lick.
J. F. Coleman, a mining man of Rel
dlng, is at the Palace.
S. D. Ballou, Sheriff of San Luis Obispo
County, is at the Grand.
Dr. A. P. Ruddy of Forest Hill Is regis
tered at the Russ House.
Byron Waters, a lawyer of San Bernar
dino, Is at the Occidental.
A. Weilhelmer, a well-known merchant
of Fresno, is at the Grand.
S. N. Griffith, a well-known attorney of
Fresno, is a guest at the Lick.
John Sparks, the cattle king, of Reno,
Nev., Is a guest at the Palace.
J. M. Davidson, a mining man of Fort
Jones, Is registered at the Grand.
Jqhn F. . and George F. Callihan, two
capitalists of Boston, are at the Palace.
- Professor W. W. Campbell of the Lick
Observatory, is a. guest at the Occidental.
John Baggett, owner of the famous
Black Bear mine, Is a guest at the Pal
ace. >i .. • X-if:"': ¦ .¦ . -
Thomas J. Klrke, Superintendent of
Public Instruction, is registered at the
Lick.
'M. Mlnihan, proprietor of the United
States Hotel at Cloverdale, Is a guest at
the Russ.
G. S. McNelll and Jacob W. Toung, min
ing men of Poker Bar, are registered a*t
the, Occidental. .
C. C. Cherry, Inspector of Hulls and
Boilers for the Northern District, Is regis
tered at the Occidental.
J. J. Hebbron, superintendent of the Pa
cific Improvement Company's ranches at
Salinas, is at the Grand.
Lieutenant P. N. Olmstead, who is In
charge of the "Weather Bureau at Port
land, is a guest at the Occidental.
Theodore Voorhies, first vice president
of the Philadelphia and Reading Rail
road, and family are at the Palace.
W. J. Sutherland, general manager of
the western division of the Mooney & Eo
land Railway Secret Service of Chicago
and Kansas City, and family are guests at
the Grand. >: «;i:
J. Ries and Chris Harrington, two min
ers' lately returned from Alaska.'ara
guests at the Russ House. They have
purchased a valuable ranch in'Napa Coun
ty with the money they made in the
Klondike region And will shortly turn
farmers. "' '¦ ' :: - "~r : ':':'.
Governor Gage is thoroughly convinced that the
newspapers are arrant cowards. This is evidently one
way of ' confessing that it requires absolutely •: -no
bravery to. expose, him in his multitude of faults and
foibles. His Excellency has a juster estimate of him
self than first glance would indicate.
TUESDAY MARCH 20, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor,
/ddress All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
lU.IILICATIOX OKFICI3. .Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone .Main ISttS.
EDITORIAL n00M5....n7 to 221 Steremon St.
Telephone Main 1574.
I)«Hv*T«-d l>r Carrier*. 15 /sent» Per Week.
Mnsrle Copies, IS Cent*.
Terma by' Mall. Including; Pomtaget
PATLT CALL, (including Sunday), one year $6.00
IXAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAJX.Y CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.00
DAILY C.VLL— By Single Month <53e
EUXDAT CALL One Tear i- 50
WKEKLT CALL One Year *-0°
AH po»tmo«ter» are authorised to receive
nabscriptloDi.
Sample copies «rd be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Mfinagw Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
NEW YORK. CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
pvi-rrmn House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
FTeir.cst House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaao. 81 Union Square;
Murray HIU Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE - Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent
BRA \Cn OFFICES— tZ! Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
tntil 9:SO o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock. 639
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 LaxKln, open until
i<:3o o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1095
Valencia, open until t o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until
9 o'clock. SW. corner Twenty-eeoond and Kentucky,
open ur.tll 9 o'clock.
THE SA3T FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, MARCH 20, 1900.
6Country Postoffice Burglarized.
Chief Munro of the postofnee Inspection
system received information yesterday'by
telephone ; that the postofflce In the town
of ' Colu9a ' had been entered by " burglars
last Sunday night and J134 in caab aai
stamps taken.
NO MONEY REFUNDED
ON TRUST DEED TAX
Internal Revenue Commissioner Wil
: son So Instructs Internal Bey
, enue Collector Lynch.
Q. W. Wilson; ¦ National' Commissioner
of Internal- Revenue," has notified Internal
Revenue^Collector _. Lynch : that war taxes
heretofore paid on^trust deeds will not bo
refunded. The Commissioner says:
"The previous ruling upon this question,
which Is hereby reversed, was made under
the advice of the honorable Attorney Gen
eral. I am in doubt • concerning its cor
rectness ; and ¦ have decided ¦ henceforth to
give the benefit of the doubt to the tax
payer. Inasmuch, however, as the former
ruling ' may,' nevertheless, be .t he correct
one. taxes heretofore paid in compliance
with" It will not be refunded.".
Several hundreds of thousands of dollar*
have ¦ been; expended .? In documentary
stamps ' affixed to trust deeds before. :th3
recent opinion declaring ¦ the. tax illegal,
and the United ' States will save all that
money -.'if-, the; non-refunding proposition
Bhall be maintained.,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wham^nt-
PHONE SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK, MAT. SAT.
WITHOUT A PEER-WITHOUT A RIVAL —
The most perfect performance seen in this city
in years. Presented by
AYR. HARRY GLAZIER
And Hi* Excellent Company In a Beautiful
Production,
THREE MUSKETEERS.
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK CITY.
6EATS NOW READY.
Last Performance Saturday Night.
PRICES— Evening. 15c, 25c, 25c. 60c and 750.
Matinee. Isc. 25c. 35c and 50c
Peter Lang Disappears.
John Sullivan, who lives in the J Union
Hotel at 515 Howard street, called at the
Coroner's 'office yesterday and reported
that his friend, Peter Lang,. a helper In
the Risdon Iron Works, had been miss
ing since March 4. On that date, which
fell on a Sunday, Lang lost several dol
lars betting on the races at the Ingleslde
Coursing Park and got drunk over his
disappointment. Sullivan is fearful that
Lang has committed suicide. .
CLUBMAN WHITTELL'S
HOME IS IN DOUBT
Judge Morrow to Decide Whether He
Lives in New York or San
Francisco.
Nearly the whole time of tha session of
the United States Circuit Court was taken
up yesterday with the hearing of the ar
gument in the matter of the application
of Mrs. Ellen A. Fife ( to return to the
Superior Court the suit of herself against
George .Whlttell for $790,000 damages for
alleged . mismanagement of her share o,f
¦ the Nicholas Lunirig estate, the reason
alleged for the application being that
Whitteirhas not abandoned his residence
in this State.
William S. Wood of LJoyd & Wood made
the principal argument for Mr. Whittell's
contention that the- Federal Court had
jurisdiction and sought' to show that Mr.
Whittell had changed his residence to New
York City and because that metropolis
offered more opportunities than did San
Francisco for the investment of capital
and the enjoyment of the social amenities
of life.
Ex-Superior Judge Slack, for Mrs. Fife,
quoted numerous decisions of the courts
to show that a man could be a citizen of
one State and a resident of 'another. Ho
argued that Mr. Whittell's admission that
he would continue to reside in San Fran
cisco until the case was disposed of was a
virtual acknowledgment of his residence
here within the meaning of the law, so
far as it affected the jurisdiction of the
courts.
Judge Morrow took the matter under
advisement.
AMUSEMENTS.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK!
CHARLES FROHMAX
PRESENTS WILLIAM GILLETTE'S GREAT-
EST COMEDY TRIUMPH.
Because She ¦
'-'! % Minister
Loved Him So -
With J. E. DODSON and Original N. T. Cast.
Next Monday— WlLLlE COLLIER. In his own
farce comedy. "MR. SMOOTH."
American Ship Susquehanna Passing the Sierra Padrosa Off the Horn.
Beware of Little Expenses
A small leak will sink a large ship.
10,000,000 Welsbach Lights, in nightly us^
yield 600,000,000 candle power light.
f THE SAME LIGHT COSTS *
, from this from this from this A
$129,000 per hour $35,000 per hour $259,000 per hour
Produces light at
j£ the expense of the tip burner
and }i the cost of the incandescent electric light '
Sold Everywhere • Price 50 cents
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
Marsden Hanson to Lecture.
\ Marsden Manson ..will ? deliver/ a lecture
on Russia and Siberia at the Good Samar
itan I Mission, 246 . Second j street, ' on Thurs
day evening at 8 o'clock. The lecture) will
be illustrated; by stereopticon views and
will be free to all. •
FISCHER'S
NEW CONCERT - HOUSE,
122-124 O'FARRELL STREET. .:/.!
E A. FISCHER Proprietor
GEORGE MOOSER ::..... Manager
The Handsomest Music Hall in America. - '.
GRAND OPENING TO-NIGHT. ¦¦'.
•A Quartet of Celebrities in the Fourth Act
from "*II Trovatore": Hlnrichß' challenge or-
chestra. ADMISSION 19c. From 8 to 10:45
p. m. SeaU reserved upon application. Strictly
"rim-class. Cafe unsurpassed. ' -.
Threatened His Wife.
John McLeod, 310 Gough street, was ar
rested yesterday on a warrant charging
him 'with threatenlne to kill his wife.
Julia. Sunday night' he chased her out
of the house with a hatchet and threat
ened to kill her if she returned. He had
previously made similar threats.
In the Divorce Court.
'. Decrees of divorce , ; have 'been granted
Nellie : X. ; Paddock ; from Harry E.-; Pad
dock on the r ; ground of /willful neglect,
Annie A.; Byxbee from 'A; ; G. Byxbee on
the ground of i extreme cruelty and Cath
erine Conroy from ; Daniel I Conroy .on I tho
ground *of ¦¦ willful desertion. Josephine
McCarty has sued John McCarty.for a di
vorce, alleging cruelty as a cause of ac
tion. ¦', •; ,v. . ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦-¦:'< .-_ .:.': '¦¦ 7 :• •:¦¦ : -:
Cape Nome Is All Right
'And vail who -can: are going; - there. : but those
who stay at ' home ' will i be! found taking their
meals at Zinkand's,' as usual.- •
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FIFTH MEETING. Mch. 12 to 24. inclusive.
Six blth-class nomine race* every week day.
rain or shine, beginning at 1:84 p. m.
The Weal winter racetrack of America. Pa.
• runs step directly from the' railroad car* into
a euperb grand stand. slas»-inck>sed. where,
comfortably houeed In bad weather, they can
riioy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Th!*u and Townsend street* at
'¦¦M 10-40 and 11:30 a. m. and 12: IS. 12:25. 12:50
iind' 1-25 P- ta.. returnlnf Immediately after
?«*t race at 4:41 p. m. Seats In rear cart re-
ierred for women and their escorts. No amok-
ln* Valencia «tr*et. 10 minute* later.
San Jose and Way Stations— Arrive at San
Uruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Uruno at 4:09
*"nATFS— San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn, including admission to track. 11.25.
turn, mciv *» w j MARTIN . pregittaX.
F H. GRKEN. Secretary and Manager.
In a Comedy Scream.
MISSFS McCOY and 6AM MARION: W. C.
KleLds- WESTON and YOST: NIELSEN
SISTERS- IMPERIAL MOORISH ACRO-
Ri-rs HOWARD THURSTON: FLATOW
and DUNN.
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Drew,
In "When Two Hearts Are Won."
¦ Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony. JOe; Opera
Chair* and Box Seats, 50c •
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Jack Tyrrell's New Job.
John G. Tyrrell was sworn in yesterday
by Internal Revenue Collector Lynch to
do special duty on outside work. Mr. Tyr
rell was a deputy coroner during the ad
ministration of Coroner Hawkins.
The OriGinal Little Guatemala Lottery
i empany
The foliow-lnK are the principal prises drawn
on the 18th day of March. 1900, of the Original
Little Guatemala Lottery Company of San
Francisco, as follows: No. 94.355. $4000: No.
57 '61 11500; No. 12,722. $750; No. 70,543. ?250. •
RECENT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES.
Copyright, 1900, by ' Seymour Eaton.
Note— These papers on Practical Science have
been spared for The Call's Home Study Circle
by Professor •William J. Hopkins of Drexel
Institute. - !
11. WIRELESS TELEGBAPHY.
. (Continued.)
The "Work of Hertz.
The idea of the electro-magnetic char
acter of light was advanced by Clerk
Maxwell about 1564. and the theory was
fully developed In his book published in
1573. The identity in character of all other
: waNes was generally accepted as a fact
before it was demonstrated experiment
ally, and many investigators had worked
in thi3 direction In vain before the solu
tion of the problem was hit upon by
Hertz. ->kii . • \_
It is easy to. start waves In the ether.
In fact almost any natural phenomenon
starts them. The difficulty was In detect
ing their presence when they lay outelde
the range of light and heat effects.
Bapid Discharges Oscillatory.
When an electrically charged body is
discharged the character of the- discharge
depends upon the properties of the dis
charging circuit. If that circuit has mag
netic properties In any marked degree it
acts as a- damper and the charge runs-off
with comparative slowness as a current
In one direction only. If. however, the
magnetic properties are absent or of very
small" value the electric charge surges
rapidly out, past the point of equilibrium,
then back again and oscillates in this way
until the energy I has been dissipated as
heat. A spark discharge, of which light
ning Is. an example on the greatest scale
known to" us, oscillates while it lasts at
the rate of perhaps many million times a
second and starts waves in ether of a cor
responding frequency and length. The
rate of oscillation depends upon the prop- ;
erties of the discharging circuit and by a
proper adjustment of that circuit the
length of the wave may be regulated. _
The oscillatory character of such a dis
charge was known many years before
Hertz but as no method was known of
detecting such ether waves In space the
experimental investigation of their prop
erties was impossible. Hertz discovered a
method of detecting these wave 3, and
armed with this detection he pushed
through a rapid and thorough series of
experiments which placed this branch of
science at once on a sound basis of fact.
Spark-Gap Detector.
It was while experimenting with a pair
of similar coils of wire Intended to show
Induction effects, that Hertz noticed .that
if a small Leyden Jar or small induction
coil ; was discharged through one of the
coils current could be induced In the other
provided the circuits - were not complete.
There must be a short < spark-gap. This
spark gap in the first coil furnished the
means for exciting the very, sudden dis
turbance of the ether, and th y e second coil,
similarly arranged, became. a detector of
ether waves, responding most strongly to
ether vibrations of its own natural period.
. In all : his experiments Hertz made use
of sympathetic or resonating action. The
exciter was the spark passing between
t wo • polished balls .on either , side of the
break In discharging the circuit, which
was fed by the action of an ; ordinary
Ruhmkorff coil. The detector, or "elec
trical eye," as Lord Kelvin has called it,
was usually a simple rectangle or circle
of zinc- In this wire , there was a break,
with a knob or ball on each side, and the
distance between the knobs could be reg
ulated by a micrometer screw.' Although
this detector t would respond within a con
siderable range, ; the ¦ sparks reached a
maximum i for a particular, adjustment at
which the natural periods ; of < the exciter
and' the detector .were the same. An Im
provement "made by later :. investigators
consists : In . keeping the spark terminals
Immersed in oil. This prevents the rough
enlng of the surface and seems to mak»
the discharge more regular, probably by
the same action as that of the electrolytic
interruption.
Properties of Ether "Waves.
By means of these simple devices Hertz
made a complete Investigation of tho
properties of electric waves In the ether.
He found that they were reflected by me
tallic surfaces, but passed through wood
and stone and other insulating sub
stances; and he succeeded in refracting
them by a great prism of pitch Just aa
light is refracted by a prism of glassy Ha
measured the length of waves and their
speed, which was the same as that of
light. In the coursff of a lecture deliv
ered not long after this Lodge said, refer
ring to ether waves of this kind: "They
can be reflected by plane sheets of metal,
concentrated by parabolic reflectors, re
fracted by prisms, concentrated by lenses.
I have at the college a large lens of pitch,
weighing over three hundredweight, -for
concentrating them to a focus. They can
be made to show the phenomena of inter
ference and thus have their wave lengths
accurately measured. They are stopped
by all conductors and transmitted by all
Insulators. Metals are opaque, but even
imperfect Insulators, such as wood or
stone, are strikingly transparent, and
waves may be received in one room from
a. source in another, the door between the
two being shut." '-.-Z'.'Z
Space Telegraphy.
This was the germ of space telegraphy
In its present form. The wave is started
by suitable apparatus, travels through tho
ether with the speed of light and Is re
ceived by other devices much more sensi
tive than that used by Hertz. These will
be described later.
As the ether waves are absorbed by con
ductors, the action In the usual method
of signaling with wires is evidently only
a special case, in which the ether waves*
started at the transmitting end are re
ceived by the.wire of the circuit, the di 3»
turbance penetrating the wire from tho
outside, and In this way a much larger
proportion of the energy la U3ed where It
Is wanted than In any system In which
wire circuits are dispensed with. The
two actions may be roughly compared to
the transmission of sound waves from one
point to another by shoutimc In the open
air and by talking through a speaking
tube.
A method of signaling, through » pace
which may.be considered to lie between
the ordinary system with a wire circuit
and the modern wireless telegraphy is
that which has been used to signal movlnjr
trains. The car containing the receiving
apparatus was fitted with a wire running
the length of the roof or the side, and tho
message was transmitted from the pol»
lipe running alongside the - track to th»
wire on\the car by Induction through th«
space separating the two. , This wa* the
propagation of a true ether wave, differ
ing from* the, latest methods chiefly in the
period. and wave length of the disturb
ance and In the sensitiveness and ar
rangement of the apparatus responding
to it.
The development of the , method ¦ new
generally designated by the name ''wire
less telegraphy" will be described In th«
next paper. .
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA^ THEATER.
— THE WORLDS GREATEST PIANIST. —
Monday Night March 24
Wednesday Afternoon March 28
Friday Afternoon March 30
Monday Aftfrnr>on April 2
RESERVED SEATS. « CO, J2. $S. »4.
Sale of Seats commences on THURSDAY
Morning. March 22. at 9 o'clock.
Out-of-town orders received by mail or tele-
Kraph will be filled in rotation as they reach
the California Theater after the opening of the
¦eale of seats on Thursday, March 22.
Pacific Coast tour under the direction of S. H.
Frledlander & Co.
STEIKWAT PIANOS USED.
THE ACME OF ALL PRODUCTIONS.
THE DRAMATIC HIT OP THE YEAR.
PUDD'N
HEAD
WILSON.
Mark Twain's Powerful Play,
Magnificently presented by Mrs. Edwin F.
Mayo's superb oomjiany. including the
Excellent Actor.
MR. BURR MciNTCSH.
REGULAR SATURDAY MATINEE.
Monday Night, March 26 PADEREWSKI
Seats on Sale Thursday Moroinc.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Drink TJilled King.
Morgue Burgeon Thomas B. W. L«lan'J
inacie an autopsy yesterday upon the body
of Paul King, the smallpox nurse, who
died suddenly last Sunday. Cirrhosis of
the liver, caused by excessive drinking of
alcoholic stimulants, together with acute
congestion of the lungs, were found to
have been the causes of death. The stom-
ach was given to the city chemist tor
analysis.
SUSQUEHANNA IS
A CRACKERJACK
UNDER ALL SAIL
Fast Voyage of the Ameri
can Ship From New York
to This Port.
Sugar Fleet Quarantined — The Bark
Alaska to Take Passengers to
Norne — Brig W. Q. Irwin
Sold.
Five vessels came in from the southern
seas, one ship from Central America and
another from New York yesterday. Of the
island fleet four were sent into quarantine
and will be kept there until fumigated.
The only one that escaped was the
schooner Eliza Miller from Apia, Samoa,
with a cargo of copra. She made the run
up in the good time of forty-eight days.
The vessels put in quarantine were the
German ship H. F. Glade, twelve and a
half days; bark R. P. Rithet, eighteen
days, and a schooner, twenty-seven days,
all from Honolulu, and the bark C. D.
Bryant, fifteen days from Lahaina,- H. I.
All the vessels had fine weather through
out, but the Glade got a fine slant of
wind, which she carried with her nearly
all the way to San Francisco.
The British ship Jessomene made the
run from Acapulco in thirty-three days.
She came here in ballast and will load
wheat for Europe. The other arrival was
the American ship Susquehanna. This tine
vessel made the run from New York here
in the fast time of 114 days. The run to
the equator in the Atlantic was made in
30 days. When 56 days out she was off
Cape St. John and the next day passed
the British ship Sierra Podrosa, now out
32$ days from Antwerp. The run from 50
in the Atlantic to 50 in the Pacific was
made in 16 days and when 97 days Out the
Susquehanna crossed the equator in the
Pacific. From the equator to San . Fran
cisco the run was made in 17 days, a
splendid performance. • Soon after cross
ing the equator on this side the Susque
hanna ran into a number of severe
squalls, accompanied by very heavy rain.
A number of sails were blown away and
some other damage done, but nothing se
rious. ¦ j
Captain M. T. Bailey, who commands
the Susquehanna this trip, is well known
in San Francisco. He was here last year
as mate of the Erskine M. Phelps, with
Captain Graham, .and made a host of
friends. As master of the Susquehanna
he has made a record for that vessel and
shows, that the confidence of the owners
in him was well placed.
The steamer Cdquille River reports
speaking the sealing schooner Alllo.l. Al
ger on March 15 off Cape Blanco. The
master of the schooner reported picking
up a white skylight and a spring mattress
and also having passed a quantity of lum
ber. The Coqullle River subsequently
passed the lumber between Cape Blanco
and Umpqua. This is probably the deck
load and wreckage washed overboard
from the steamer Tillamook. The latter
vessel is now at Hay & Wright's ship
yard undergoing repairs and her captain
reports losing just such stuff as was seen
by the Allie I. Alger. —
The rush to Nome has begun. The bark
Alaska will be the first of the regular
line to get away— on April 10. Gold-hunt
ers are, fighting to get sleeping room on
DESPONDENTAND
BENT WITH PAIN
HE CHOSE DEATH
Milkman Ruhland Blew Out
His Brains With a
Shotgun.
o
Had Been Sick for a Year With an
Incurable Disease and Finally
Lost Both Hope and
Courage. ,
»
Christian Ruhland, a milkman, residing
at 4306 Point Lobos avenue, blew out his
brains with a shotgun yesterday after
noon. -N
He had been sick for a long time, and
Dr. Lorina had been attending him for
enlargement of the. heart for the past
year, during the greater part, of which
period Ruhland had been confined to hia
bed.
A few moments before the fatal shot
was fired Mrs. Ruhland was in his room,
and he said to her: "If a horse or a cow
suffered as much as I do they would kill
it to put it out of its misery." This re
mark so affected Mrs. Ruhland that she
burst into tears. ,
A few minutes later Mrs. Ruhland went
downstairs tc get some firewood, and
while thus engaged she was startled by
the report of a shotgun. Rosie Ruhland,
who was in the kitchen preparing dinner,
ran into her father's bedroom and saw
his dead body on the floor in a great pool
of blocd. At his feet lay the shotgun.
The • whole of the upper portion of hia
head was blown away.
Ruhland had got out of bed, sat on the
window sill, placed the muzzle of the
shotgun in his mouth and pressed the trig
ger of the right-hand barrel with his toe.
Deceased was a native of Germany, 63
years old. He leaves a widow, two daugh
ters and a son, the children all ijrown.
He had been a partner in the ' Richmond
dairy with a man named Zimmerman.
The remains were taken to the Morgue,
and an inquest will be held.
her, but Captain Cogan will not take an
other passenger for love or money. Those
going north on the Alaska are D. R.
Dwyer and a party of eight- from Seattle;
L. Herman, S. Marsen, C. Ross and a
party of eight from Oakland; J. Y.
Thompson, Tom Marsden, M. Cham
pion, R. Champion; 8. H. Johnson and
wife, J. W. Poston and wife, H. Fielder,
M. Mulane, C. A. Anderson, H. Asmus,
D. W. Bass, J. N. Thompson, J. P. S.
Johnson, Gustafe Anderson, A. Sogren.
J. Doud, J. Dahl and two others, and
C. E. Westlake.
A man named John Schuyler, of the
Schuyler Hardware Company at Ocean
side, wrote asking for a berth, but Cap
tain Cogan sent him back word there
was no berth left: Yesterday Captain
Cogan received a letter saying Schuyler
was coming anyhow, and would take
his chances of getting away on the ves
sel. On the whole bark there is only
room left for fifty tons of freight, and
that will fill up in a day or two. There
will therefore be no trouble in getting
the vessel away on time.
If the Alaska does not make a quick
run to Nome it will not be for lack of
experienced Arctic navigators. Along
with Captain Cogan goes Captain Lew
Williams and Captain Green. These men
have spent nearly all their lives in the
frozen north and know every turn
like a book.
The transport Columbia will move from
Folsom to Harrison street, and the War
ren will go alongside the Missouri to-day.
The remains of the dead soldiers were
taken off the Duke of Fife yesterday and
that vessel will dock at Union street to
day, while the Hancock and Grant will
both dock at Folsom street. The Grant
will sail for Manila on May 1.
The barkentine Catherine Sudden, now
fitting out for the Nome trade. -is going
to take north thirty surf boats, each of
one ton capacity. A company formed
here is going into the lighterage busi
ness and is sending the surf boats north
for that purpose. ¦
Another of the Spreckels fleet of sugar
boats has been sold. Yesterday the brig
William G. Irwin was purchased, by
Scammell & King for the Nome trade.
The Irwln is now on nor way here ana
on her arrival will be turned over to her
new owners. The Spreckels Bros. Co. is
selling all Its small vessels, and will re
place them with large four-masted
schooners. One of these, the Helene, Is
now on her maiden trip in command of
Captain Christensen, late of the brig J.
D. Spreckels. • . „. '" .
The new schooner Churchill, built at
Coos Bay for; A. M. Simpson, is expected
here in a few days. Some years ago Mr.
Simpson announced that with- the com
pletion of a barkentine then on the
stocks he would stop building vessels.
Following out this plan, the barkentine
was named Omecra. Some years later Mr.
Simpson built another vessel, thus break
ing his resolution. This schooner he
christened Addenda, and now comes still
another fine big vessel which he will call
The steamer Newport sailed for Central
American ports yesterday with a very
large cargo and quite a number of pas
sengers in the cabin.
ADVEKTIEEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 20, 1900.
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
. Note. — These lessons have been prepared for
The Call's Home Study Circle by Professor
Benno Klrsehbaum of Philadelphia. They are
intended . primarily for Americans who pur
pose attending the Paris Exposition. The les
sons will Include (1) common French words and
phrases, (2) easy conversation and (3) simple
reading lessons. __„
LESSON NO. 5.
Something About Pronunciation.
¦- 1. There are certain vowels which,
though double, as ai, eu, ou, etc.. have the
sound of only one vowel. Theso vowels,
when double, are called "compound vo-w
els." The most important of these are:
al, ae. are pronounced like ai in hair, as
clalr (light), clare; bouteille (bottle), boo
tay.
au, eau, are pronounced like o in note,
as aurpre (morning glow), oh-rore.
eu, oeu, are pronounced like v in but, as
peuple (people), pup-le; soeur (sister),
suhr.
ou is pronounced like oo In wood, as
route (road), root.
A Few Practical Hints.
2. As there are but ' two genders In
French, masculine and feminine, ihings
which are neuter in English are either
masculine or feminine in French. It id
hard to give a positive rule as to which
nouns are masculine and which feminine.
We will try to give as far as possible a
guide to gender in each lesson. In case of
doubt, however, consult your dictionary
and memorize the noun with its proper
article.
3. The following few useful notes will
materially aid the student in confronting
some difficulties he will meet. Therefore
remember that —
(a) the name of God and all supernat
ural beings are masculine.
God; Dieu; dee-yeu.
Angel; l'ange; ang-zj.
Demon; le demon; day-mong.
(b) nouns which designate man m his
different conditions are also masculine.
Brother; le frere; frare. •/. >
Soldier: la eoldat; sol-dah.
(c) furthermore, nouns designating the
males of animals, as
Horse; le cheval; chev-val.
Lion; le lion; lee-ong.
(d) the seasons and cardinal points are
masculine.
The spring; le printemps; luh pran
tong.
The summer; l'ete; lay-tay.
The fall; I'automne; 10-tonne.
The winter: Thiver; lee-vair.
The north: le nord; luh nor.
The south; le sud; luh suud.
The east; Test; lest.
The west; l'ouest; l'west.
In the next lesson we shall give a few
similar notes regarding feminine nouns.
Memory Exercises.
1. I am hungry.
J'al falm; zjay fahng.
2. Are you thirsty?
Avez-vous soif ? ah-vay voo swaf.
3. We are sleepy.
sommeil; noo-zaveng
sommay.
4. You are desirous.
¦\ous-/avez~/envie; voo-zav-ay zaun
vee.
5. You are wrong.
Vous^avez tort; voo-zav-ay tor.
6. They are right.
Ils^ont raison; eel-zong ray-zong.
Note.— ln French we say: I have hunger:
have you thirst; we have sleep, etc. As this is
the only way of expressing oneself, without ex
ception, try to remember this peculiarity.
7. Some bread; dv pain; doo pang.
8. Some butter; dv beurre; doo buhrr.
9. Some cream; de la creme; duh lah
. krehm.
10. Some sugar; dv sucre^doo sukr. ~_ _•
Note. You cannot say in French "Give me
bread, butter, cream, sugar," but the word
"some" must always be expressed, as dv pain;
dv beurre, etc. '
11. Where are our seats?
Ou sont nos sieges?
oo song no see-ehje. ,
12. Here, sir, please;
Ici, monsieur, s'il vous plait; eecee
13. Some porridge (oatmeal);
De la panade a Tamericaine;
duh lah pahn-ahd ah lahm-ay-ree
ken.
14. Give me a lieefsteak;
Donnez-moi un bifteck;
ung bifteck.
15. Some fried potatoes:
pcs pommes de terre frltes;
day pum duh tairr free-t.
16. Some sugar and cream;
Dv sucre et de la crime;
doo sukh a duh lah krehm.
17 What fruit will the ladies have?
Quel fruit ces dames desirent-elles?
kell frwee say dahm dayzeer-tell.
(or) Quel fruit les dameswauront-elles?
lay dahm zor-ong-tell.
18 Give us oranges and bananas;
Donnez-nous desworanges et dcs ban
anes; . . .
don-nay noo day zor-angzj a day ban
19. I prefer stale bread;
Je prefere le pain rassis;
. — r- pray-fair luh pang rah-sce. *<
20. Some cold roast beef;
Dv rosbif frpld: doo-ros-bif frws.
21. An egg; un oeuf; ung uff.
22. A couple of eggs;
Une couple d'oeufs; uhn coopl duff.
23. I wish some toast:
Je desire dv toast:
ZJuh day-zeer doo toste.
24. What have you for breakfastt
Qu'avez-vous pour dejeuner?
ka^vay voo poor day-Juhn-nay.
25. Soft boiled eggs.
Deswoeufs a la cogue;
day zuh ah lah coke.
, Note— All words expressing: quantity must b*
followed by ••de," as: une tasse.de thft.
26. Does she wish a cup of coffee?
Desire-t-welle une tasse de cafe?
day-zeer-tell uun tass duh ka-fay?
27. v He prefers chocolate;
II prefere le chocolat;
eel pray-fair luh sho-ko-lah. . ;
28. What vegetables do you lilt©?
Quels legumes preferez-vous?
kell lay-goom .
29. I will lake first some soup;
Je prendrai d'abord un potage;
zjuh pron-drax da-bor ung poh-tahzj.
Note — •"Potage" is the name given to soup
generally, but there are certain distinctions,
such as: purte, a smooth, thick soup; con
somme, a clear soup; julienne, vegetabfo^oup.
,30. Pea soup; puree de pols;
pun-ray duh pwa.
81. Potato soup:
Puree de pommes de terre;
— — pura duh tairr.
32. Macaroni soup; ,
Consomme au macaroni;
33. Noodle soup;
Consomme aux nouilles;
oh noo-eey.
84. An oyster stew;
Un potage auxwhuttres;
zweetr.
83. Half a dozen oysters (raw).
Une deml douzaina d'whultrea
(crues).
Oon demee doo-zalne dweetr (cruu).
36. Dessert: le dessert: luh dessalr.
37. Baked apples; dcs pommes culte*;
day pum queet.
38. Ice cream; de la crem© glacee;
duh lah krehm glassay.
39. Rice pudding; pouding^au riz;
pou-dang-'Oh ree.
40. Cheese dv fromage: fro-mazj.
41. White: blanc; blac§f.
Black; noir; nwar.
Green: vert: valr.
Red; rouge; rouzj.
Blue: bleu; bluh.
Yellow; jaune; zjone. i-\
Note— Adjectives of color Invariably follow
their nouns, as: A white dress; una rob*
blanche: uhn robe btanarsh. A white hat; un
chapeau blanc: ung shappoh. blang.
Note— By the above examples the student will
observe that "white" is expressed by "blanche"
and "blanc." This change Is due to the dif
ference in gender, "dress" being femlnlna and
"hat" masculine.
42. A pair of black gloves;
Une paire de gants nolrs;
Uhn pair duh gang nwar.
43. A brown felt hat:
Un chapeau de feutre brun;
Ung shappoh duh fuhtr brans.
•44. My green umbrella;
Mon paraplule vert;
Mong pahrah-plwee valr.
45. Her dark-blue cloak:
Son manteau bleu fonce.
Song.mong-t<Jh bluh-fon-say.
Beading Lesson.
The following la the proper translation
of the French exercise published laat
week:
(1) Give me chance for this $20 piece.
(2) What Is the price of that? (3) That Is
worth one franc thirty centimes. (4) Bend
that to my hotel. (5) Tomorrow morning.
(6) Cash on delivery. <7) A pair of rub
bers. (S) Are you going out? (9) Conduc
tor, an exchange, please. (10) Where does
your friend live? (11) In this square. I
think. (12) Well, let us take the tramway.
Vocabulary— Deswoaufs; some esgs. A
la cogue; soft boiled in the shell. Sautees;
browned In butter. Une^autre; another.
Saipnant: rare. "Brioches; coffee cakes. As
siette; plate. Rejrardez: look (at). Uno
paire de; a pair of. Un chapeau de feutre;
a felt hat. Gants; gloves. Une chaie; a
shawl. Manteau; cloak. Fonce; dark
(color).
Read and translate into English: (1)
Nous dejeunons a hult^heures et demie.
(2) Je n'al pas faim. (3) De la panade a
l'amerlcalne. (4) Cc cafe nest pas chaud.
(5) Donnez-moi des^-oeufs a la cogue. (S)
Un blfteck saignant et dv toast. (7) Dcs
pommes de terre sautees. (S) Dcs brioche 3
et dv cafe au lait. (9) Mon assiette nest
pas propre. (W) Donnez-moi une autre.
(11) Montrez-mol votre paraplule. (12)
Avez-vous—achete un chapeau brun? (14)
OQ puis-je me procurer dcs fleurs? (14)
Sont-ce des. gant3 francais ou dea
gants^-allemands? (15) De quell© couleur
est votre manteau?
Xote— The English translation of this ex
ercise will be ;lven In the following lesson,
which will be published next Tuesday.
FARLAND,
Phenomenal bsnjo-
f*~ ¥. ist, assisted by Chas.
tfjftwp^l, , jgsP. Oraeber"s Mandolin
£ l/ff *£ ?C, Ls^^OrcheEtra, at Sher-
f£> >£» *-s/>~>>dr re""- Clay A- Co.'s
rS2£*2r«aS?Ks? Ha!l. Friday evening.
t£/7T3^Jiwi9u March 23. I«X>. Tick-
Jr&Q'^JKilivi Kw ***• &>c Rnd "^ < - >n
/'^^AifpK:! P^ (rft1 '" 8t Sherman. Clay
(&^^f&& PM Jh- \ * Co.'s Mustc ?tore.
IT S%C%JMz£ : * S^\ Tb* celebrated STEW.
/ jCP tnsP^OTjSiJ ART BANJO u»ed.
I jar KJ' J?sr*ir-' fnanufartured by Stew.
\£y art * Ba-uer. maker*
<^*L r fggjP*ffl^3j> of Stewart nanjo* a.n\
7 lime Ml '««3j r Georxe Bauer Guitars
/ f jjy^ •*^Hrod ""^ Mandolin". RHEII-
f irT MAN. CLAY & CO..
\I vl s Js, Pacific Coast Agents.
AS ABSOLUTELY NEW BILL.
Walter Jones and Nornja Whalley
Bargains in
ENTIRE STOCK OF
HAMILTON-BANCROFT CO.
MUST BE SOLD
Uprights • $50 upwards
Squares - 820 upwards
BYRON MAUZY
308-312 POST ST.
SHCCT MUSIC HALF PRICE TO ALL
LAST THREE WEEKS OF THE SEASON.
ALL THIS WEEK.
The Immensely Successful Revival of Offen-
bach's Famous Comic Ocera.
The Grand
Duchess.
NEXT WEEK— "EL CAPITAN."
TELEPHONE— MAIN £22. "
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra Saturday
Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
SPECIAL-GRAND^PERA-HOUSE
THIS AFTERNOON
At 3:15 o'clock.
Farewell Grand Orchestral Concert,
WALTER DAviROSCH,
CONDUCTOR, and "
THE SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
SOLOISTS.
MADAME GADSKI
—AND—
MR. DAVID BISPHAM
POPULAR PRICES— 7Sc. $1. $1 50. $2 and $2 50.
On sale at BHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S until 1
o'clock. Then at the Grand Opsra-house.
*TIVQLI*
"HOOT MON, IT'S THE LAST WEEK!"
75th pe^-°^g mm h a t n nee. cc 75th
THE RECORD BREAKING COMIC' OPERA,
THE IDOL'S EYE
BEAUTIFUL SOUVENIRS GIVEN AWAY!!
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY
AT 2.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and sOc.
TELEPHONE— BUSH 9.
' . Next Week— "MANILA BOUND."
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
A BIG SUCCESS.
CURTAIN CALLS GALORE.
Elaborate Modern Production.
DIPLOMACY
15c, 25c B il^ D 35c, 50c.;
Next Week- r -"AUNT JACK^
Now In Preparation,
...."QUO VADIS"....
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
SQUARE QUAKER S£ BATH CABINET
flnn ¦KToTir 1 QnO QfiTlo Every Man> Won > an andchlld sbould
j«#S& UUI riGWIaUZ mVIG. U.e It Weekly. Prolongs Life.
OSIY LAWFUI CARINET MADE SaVC3 Mediclne and DoCtor Bllls -
mjM ONLY LAWFUL CABINET MADE. nature's Health Preserver.
£*$[' iji__ i ". '?, Absolute Home Necessity. „• \
< - J *^ißSftMfflMS^g3JL So confident ar« we that our Cabinet will
lif^^ WE SEND . IT 0N 30 DAYS ' TRIAL
l!'!*Pll\ \ tttbi Mi ' J ''L'trr fpssß t0 be returned at our experjse arjd your
X wiMV 1 fiffim™ & fvEf liw S«sß njoney refunded If not Just as represented.
l IP.ISV \ V^iif! I' I m 131 Enjoy Turkish, Russian, Sulphur,
SPfiiw \ v*^^^3ttl !' I KlJfl9 "^ r ' * >er * ume< *> or Medicated
RulHi \ \^^^*N^MJftfi Wi mm Baths at Home, 3 Cents Bach.
|Byi)Sl XV BH hIB Water baths cleanse the surface only. Our Cabi-
BnTnltiW \ \ \^H(iHIIbHB " et Hath cleanses inwardly and outwardly,
Cl ! 'J!|i|J!E^ l *^^r^»L\Mi»*^fc. I rHflltfil Infra purities the blood. lnvlgorHtea and tones up en-
PlWiWjS?s2s*BMi6«3i I JBb'WB^mSS tire system by opening the 0.000, 0t)0 pores of the
P \WMimnflvffiaMMf ! 4wn \J&FSIS£\W3t skin, thus enabling nature in her own way to
P Blraf*Wt£!BmBtißfißßn ¦WllUßi MB expel by profuse perspiration all impure salts.
IH iltf rafrf.P*aT%Ssaf : mHil ' ¦ Hffil' HSiwII acids and poisonous matter, which, if retained,
ituil W&Bn JpSlmEßSS* fr»n SSP'hhl IH poison the system, causing disease, debllity^and
Jtillll^^WSf^tWSjSf^JlK 3§Wesl'lfci9 Our Cabinet will surprise and delight you.
litH IH'/ffiiCiijsSSlßSr \ SPralKg IllUfi PRODUCES perfect health, cleanliness, vigor
11 8 1 W^FmCU BuSBnSL * W ¥"nWPMJMMI nni beauty. Makes your nerves strong, sleep
KMk&t a&^SjrsFfl -nS:. IN. V X*ihW!lHH sound; appetite good. DISPELS Colds. Fevers,
fflSo^ml i '<B4fb ¥ •>* X^_ V' , SSO \¦' Skin Diseases and Eruptions. PREVENTS Dis-
ifflMßiEsra>»r£"' ¦•'^^WlMW'^i ease. Small . Tox. Hydrophobia, Cancer, etc.
KSmSSO^KIPPW^M^ CURES Rheumatism. Neuralgia, Quinsy, Bron-
whulm^i. -t. ii »j| > ( i j|^ .y vjji| -^Tia Mill!M ill! fiM°: . chltls. Indigestion, Catarrh, Malaria, Headache.
- _.. ...'.; ¦¦- •¦• ¦- '/ iin.-.i*-i- '^Female complaints. Eczema, Dropsy, a n ujood^
Folds flat In I Inch space. ? - skin; Nerve and Kidney, troubles.
OVER 1,000,000 USERS and 2"/, 000 PHYSICIANS ENDORSE IT.
Any one can operate It. Especially for family u»e. No attendant. ¦ No : danger.
N< EH^S- A HOT SPRINGS AT HOME
DESCRIPTION— If s not a cheap, flimsy affair, but" a genuine article." handsomely mad.c.
U-istH 20 years. Has real swinging door,* heavy steel : frame, ' top curtains, rubber lined,- lat-
est Improvements. Weighs 10 pounds.. Easily carried. GUARANTEED TO BE THE BEST
OF ALL CABINETS OK THE MARKET, OR TOUR MONEY REFUNDED. ;.;¦
THE PRICK IS WONDERFULLY LOW— Promptly .'sent ; to any address by express, npon.
receipt of $5. complete with heater, 'directions and. formulas.' -Head and 'Face Steamer, $i
extra. We're the largest manufacturers of Bath Cabinets In the world. ; , . , ¦ .
ORDER ' TO-DAY— You won't be disappointed. ¦ We're responsible. Capital $100,000. RE-
FUND YOUR MONEY AFTER SO DAYS' USE If notaa represented. Remit by P.0.0r
Express Money Order, . Draft, Certified Check,' or Registered Letter.
*s-WRITE US FOR OUR .' -rrri -rrri AfipWT^ WANTFII— MpTi flnfl Wnmpn
VALUABLE "BOOK ON HKn.n. AtMH":" hJ\lhl) Mil dllU WUlllOll
BATHS." Testimonials; 1 1 JLtiJJJ $30 to $50 .Weekly- IKr/l* Us.
The World Mfg. Co., 1866 World B'ld'g, Cincinnati, 0.
7.Vrct' York Stock Market.
SUW YORK, March 19.— The stock market
Bave evidence to-day of a disposition on the
jart of the ppeculatlve contingent to discount
the p!~jsj>«-cis of relief to the money market
for funds to operate with and while there were
pymptoms of relaxation in money rates the
supply is still extremely restricted. Lenders
of money are Inclined to hold ou\ for high
rates 0:1 the as-sumpUon that interest rates
vil! n..t re-lax until after the April 1 settle
ments have ijeen disposed of. The borrowers
take a more hopeful view of the immediate
outli^'k and are inclined to await - ttie ex
pected early easing of rates. There Was an
miprvciaUe stirring of speculative Interest to
da.- which way notably manifest in the rail
road lift, but which was mostly confined to a
few stocks. .Baltimore and Ohio was the most
conspicuous, with a rise of 3 points. Union
Pacific, Baltimore and Ohio preferred. Atchl
»on preferred and the Colorado and Southern
stocks were oil in good demand and gained
over a point. Mobile and Ohio and Minne
apolis and St. I>3Uls preferred rose 2 points
each. The bears made attempts to obstruct
the rising tendency of prices. They first made
a raid upon the New York stocks on the ground
that the tax levied under the new franchise
tax law will be so considerable as to threaten
their ability to pay dividends. Later an at
tack 'was made on the Iron and Steel group
tia»ed on the threatened strike of machinists.
Neither of these was effective in breaking up
the etrength manifest among the railroads.
In fact the railroad list showed more hesita
tion in face of the violent rallies in the local
traction group than in the weakness of the
specialties. It is well understood that the
vicissitudes of the New York stocks are greatly
concerned with a rivalry approaching the char
acter of a feud among come of the most pow
«-r:ul financial interests in the street and peace
ru! bystanders have been shown to be as likely
to be injured in this conflict as the actual
partic!j>ants. The chief episode in this conflict
to-day was the severe punishment inflicted
upon the »hort interest in Third Avenue. This
•stock touched 66% in the early decline and
reached bS% several times in the violent fluc
tuations of the last half-hour of the trading.
Price changes reached as much a* 1% points
between *alej>. Metropolitan Street Railway re
covered an «-arly loss in sympathy. London
bought quite freely of American stocks, es
pecially the Atchlnons and Union Pacific. The
toud purchases on account of all stocks were
f-stimated at 00.000 shares. Relief was man
i?eyt»»d in the London money market to dis
bursement* on Go\-ernment account. Neither
the easier money in London nor the large buy
ing on London account here had any effect
on the market for sterling exchange, which
held Bteady. New York exchange at Chicago
Jumped to 25 cents premium to-day, compared
with a discount last week and the proportion
of absorption of finds by the New York sub
tre.esury ie much smaller than for the same
period last week. Factors for the relief of the
money market are thus outlined without re
gard to the operation of the new currency law.
Operations in the railroad bonds were active
and strong to-day and well distributed. Total
bales, par value, 53.7?5.n"0. •
United States bonds scored a further sharp
decline to-day, suggesting the liquidation of
holdings of recent buyers who are Induced to
take profits en the hiph price*. United States
2s. old 4f and Us declined 1 per cent for the
refunding. 2s whtn Iseued % and new 4s »4 In
the bid price. .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
cold. bid.
5.457 Atchlson 2j%
22.225 Atrhison prefd 6J
50.7C0 Baltimore A Ohio 6«
100 . Canadian Pacific 95
130 Canada Southern «gu
€23 Chesapeake & Ohio 25%
2<« Chicago Great Western 13%
7,360 Chlcaco Burlington & Quincy 127";
300 Chicago Indianapolis & St Louis .... 2HI
Chicago Ind & St Louis prefd 64
100. Chicago & Kactern Illinois 96
Chicago & Northwestern 16j
3.450 Chicago K<*'k Island & Pacific ....103%
700 C C C & St Louis 6x%
10 C2O Colorado Southern 7
3.330 Colorado Southern let prefd 4514
1.2 M Colorado Southern 2d prefd 19
Delaware & Hudson 115
200 Delaware Lack &. Western m
Denver & Rio Grande 1J»;
1.000 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 71%
120 Trie IS
J.S'K) Erie 1« prefd '. 3$H
€35 Great Northern prefd 1a7%
tW Hooking Coal 15-*
Hocking Valley »;%
135 Illinois Central 113
I,fC7 lowa Central HV.
SOO lov.a Central prefd M
# Kau City Plt*e & Gulf 16%
Lake Erie & Western 20%
200 Lake Frie & Western prefd 86
Lake Shore 1&4
l.«> 0 Louirvllle & Nashville 82%
fc.COO Manhattan L ................. 92
EASTERN MARKETS.
Shipping Intelligence.
34.776 Metropolitan Street Railway 160
4.070 Mexican Central 14%
Minneapolis & St Louis 61%
$00 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 95
1,650 Missouri Pacific 45';
850 Mobile & Ohio 45%
300 Missouri Kansas & Texas 10%
1.200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 33%
New Jersey Central 115%
1,760 New York Central 134%
8,020 Norfolk & Western 32%
250 Norfolk & Western prefd 75
3.200 Northern Pacific 63%
237 Northern Pacific prefd 74*
2,815 Ontario & Western 73^
Oregon Railway & Navigation .... 42
Oregon Ry & Nay pref ....'. 76
4,939 Pennsylvania 135
175 Reading 17 .
1,450 Reading Ist prefd 57
600 Reading 2d prefd 2S»i
Rio Grande Western 53%
100 Rio Grande Western prefd 90
£t Louis & San Francisco 10
112 St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 69
200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 34%
St Louis Southwestern IU%
320 St Louis Southwestern prefd 27
E.4SO St Paul 123 V
St Paul prefd 173%
200 St Paul & Omaha 11l
6,710 Southern Pacific 38%
5,755 Southern Railway 13%
2,9?2 Southern Railway prefd 58%
300 Texas & Pacific lt>4
36.650 Union Pacific 50%
2.340 Union Pacific prefd 75%
Wabash 6>i
....... Wabash prefd 20U
1.350 Wheeling & Lake Erie We
2,905 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 28%
Wisconsin Central 16%
Express companies —
Adams 115
.. 100 American 146
United States 46
Wells Fargo 122
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 33%
American Cotton Oil prefd ».. 94
200 American Malting S
115 American Maltrhg prefd 24%
300 Amer Smelting and Refining 39%
1,210 Amer Smelting and Refining prefd.. SI
American Spirits '.. 2
American Spirits prefd 14
1,630 Amer Steel Hoop 35'
100 Amer Steel Hoop prefd 80%
8,250 Amer Steel and Wire 54%
l>>o American Steel and Wire prefd 90
419 American Tin Plate 33
American Tin Plate prefd SO
3,220 American Tobacco 106
American- Tobacco prefd 135
2.135 Anaconda Mining Co 46
£2,9*9 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 64%
2.220 Colorado Fuel & Iron 44"g
2,270 Continental Tobacco 30' i
100 Continental Tobacco prefd 82%
5.21*) Federal Steel 60
3iO Federal Steel rrefd 73%
General Electric .». 25%
100 Glucose Sugar 51%
GlucoFe Supar prefd 9S
650 International Paper IS%
130 International Paper prefd 61
63) Larlede Gas '.... 75
21'S National niscult 35%
National Biscuit prefd 84%
National Lead 23%
National Lead prefd 103
6,400 National Steel 4$U
National Steel prefd 94
1.275 New York Air Brake 133
1.300 North American Wi
Pacific Coast 50
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S2
Pacific Coast 2d rrefd 61
I.OTO Pacific Mall 3«
6.930 People's Gas 98' i
Pressed Steel Car 53
Prwsed Steel Car prefd.... R5
246 Pullman Palace Car 182
Standard Rope and Twine €%
42,860 Sugar 104
Sugar prefd 10?
3.730 Tennessee Coal and Iron 94%
1.4*0 -United States Leather 12ii
1.200 United States Leather prefd 72
1,040 United States Rubber 32%
360 United States Rubber prefd 93%
755 Western Union 83
470 Republic Iron and Steel 21%
Republic Iron and Steel prefd 65%
P C C & St Louis 61
455.200 Total sales.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refdsr 2s 105 do 4a S2U
U S 2s reg 101% N V Ceft lsts. 110
VS 3s reg 110 N J Cen gen 5s 123
UP 3s coupon 110 N Car 6s 127
U S new 4s reg 134*4 do 4s 106
U S new 4s c0up.. .134^4 N Pac 3s 66%
U S old 4s reg 115 do 4s 105>,i
U P old 4a coup 116 NYC & S L 45. ..108
V S 5s reg 114% N & W con 4s 96%
IT Ssb coup 114% do gen 6s IS2
Dls of Col 3 65s 119 Ore Nay 4s 108
Atch gen 4s 10JS do 4s 102%
Atch adjus 4s 83»4 Or short line 6s 12S
Can South 2ds 1(i6% do con 5e 113
Chesa & O 4%s 97»i Read gen 4s 85%
Ches & Ohio 55....119>» R G W lets 120
Chic & NW con 75. 142 S L & I M con 55..112
do S F deb 55. ...121 do S F pen 6a. ...120
Chic Ter 43 94% St Paul con 169
,D &R G lsts 103% do C& P 1et5.. ..119%
do 4s 98% do 5s 12G»i
E T V & G lsts. ..ld South Ry 5s HO^g
Erie gen 4s 72% Stan R & T 65.... 75
FW& D C Ist 70 Term new set 3s S>s
Gen Elec Ss 113 Tex & Pac 15t5. ...114%
G H & S A Ef 10S do 2ds 55
do 2ds 108 Union Pac 45.. 106
Hoiis & T Cen 55. .110% Wabafh lsts 117
do con 6s 110 do 2ds S3
lowa Cen lsts 114 West Shore 4s 11»
X C P & G lsts... 70% Wls, Cen lsts 91
La new con 4s 105 1 Vir Cent 90
L & N unl 4s 88*i!Vlr deferred 9
South Pac 4s K3',i|Col & Sou 4s S3V4
M X & T 24s 65»il
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 23 Ontario 8 50
Crown Point 12iOphir 83
Con Cal & Va 1.60 t Plymouth 12
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 150
G& C 13: do prefd 750
Hale & Norc 25' Sierra Nevada 58
Home*take 50 00 Standard 3 00
Iron Silver 6S Union Con 22
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket 16
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 2
Call loans 5%«4% West End ex div. 92%
Time loons 4 ©5 Westhse Elec 42%
Stocks— Wls Central 16
AT& S F 23% Bonds
do prefd 63 Atchison 4s 99>4
Am Sugar 104 NE Gas & Coke Ss.. 63%
do prefd 110 Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 317 Adventure 4',
Bost & Albany 240 Alleuez Mln C 0.... 1%
Bost &. Maine 193%;Amal Copper 94
C B & Q 127% Atlantic 23
Dom Coal 43 I Boat & Mont 298
do prefd 114% 1 Butte & 805t...... 62
Federal Steel 50 {Calumet & Hec1a..740
do rrefd 7SVi! Centennial 17* i
Fltchburg prefd ...131%'FrankIIn 14' i
Gen Elec J23%'Osceo!a C 6
do prefd 137 .Parrot 44^i
Mex'Cent 14%!.Quincy H2
N E Gas &. Coke... 1G j Santa Fe Copper... 73
Old Colony 20CU) Tamarack 187
Old Dominion 16 Utah Mining 28%
Rubber 30% Winona ' 2%
Union Pacific 50%; Wolverines 41
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. March 19.-^-Money on call firni
at 4@5 per cent; last loan, 4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 505% per cent. Sterling ex
change, steady, with actual business in bank
ers' bills, at $4 85& i for demand ami at $4 82 for
sixty days. Posted rates, $i 52%@4 87. Com
mercial bills. $4 SIO'4 81« i. Silver certificates,
Co',;6€lVic. Bar silver, 60c. Mexican . dollars,
47*, c. ft»^^.^'ftWii6**tj<j a *ycagb*3S£-' .
Government bonds, weak; State, strong; rail
road, strong.
¦ . . London Market.' ,
NEW YORK. March 19.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram cays:
The markets here were brisker and good in
tone en the crumbling opposition In the
Free State. Consols were up . % , °n
the war loan premium. I understand
that applicants for the. loan of more
than £100,000 get only 6 ; per .cent- of
their aopllcations. Americans opened strong
but quiet till in the street. • when they
epurted on the New York buying of Baltimore
were 13 11-lt. but they: relapsed, closing un
changed at 5514. Panucos Mexican ' copper
and Ohio, and Atchisons were Rood. ' Tintos
mine, with a capital of half a million, fell from
at about the same quotations.- Stocks of Egg*
are excessive and prices are still lower. :
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery 21c: seconds, 20c
Dairy— Fancy, lS%«gl9c; good to choice, 17%®
18c; common, nominal. .
CHEESE— Choice mild new, B@B%c; old, 7%c;
Young America. 9@loc; Eastern, 15@16c;. West
ern, 13%815c per lb. ¦ ¦ ¦
EGGS— Quoted at 12%@11%c for store and 14®
15c per dozen for ranch. '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Six cars of Oranges sold as follows: Fancy
Navels, $1 30@2 70; choice, $I@l 80; standard.
55c@l 40; seedlings. $L Lemons sold at $105®
1 50. Six cars more will be offered to-morrow.
DECIDUOUS KKL'ITS—
¦ APPLES— 7S@9Oc per box for common, $1®
1 60 for good to- choice and $1 75@2 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50®2 75
per box; Seedlings, 75c®$l 60; Lemons. $I®l 50
for common' and $2© 2 50 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes. $"> sOfi6: California Ltmes. SfrQ
75c; Bananas $1 J.VS2 50 per bunch; Pineap
ples, $3 Eo@4-per dozen.. .
Dried Fruits,. Nuts .and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks, 4@4%c for
40-50' s, 3®3%c for ' 50-60' s, 3®3%c for 60-70" 8,
Zhic for 70-80" s, 3c for 80-90's and 2&c lor 90
100's; Apricots, 11@12%c for. Royals. 12%@15c
for Moorparks and 12@13%c for Blenheims;
Peacnes, s%@'6c for Standards, 6%<g6%c for
choice and 7®Bc for- fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10®
12% c; Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried. 5®
6%c per lb: Nectarines, B®9c: Pears, 3%<§-4%c
for dark and 7@Sc for bright ' halves: Black
Figs. 2@2%c; White Figs. 2®3c; Bleached
Plums, S@9c: unbleached Plums, 7®7%0 for
pitted and l%c for unpitted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c: prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. B%c;. choice. 7%c; standard, 6%0;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas. sc: Seedless,
GO-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown, 6Kc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, $1 60 per box: 3-crown. $160. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 60; Imperial. $1. All
prices are f . 0. . b. at common shipping points
in California. -
NUTS— Chestnuts. B®9c; Walnuts, SS^c for
standards and 9@loc for softshells; Almonds,
11%@12c for paper shell; 9@loc for soft and 4®
6c for hard shell; Peanuts, sK®6%c for Eastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts, 7%@!<c; Fil
berts, 12®12%c; Pecans, ll©Uc; Cocoanuts,
$4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 11%@12c for bright and 10%®
lie for light amber: water white- extracted,
7%c: light amber extracted, 7%®7%c; dark,
s%ffl6c per lb. ¦
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy. 9%c for light medium, 10% c for light, 120
for extra light and 13c for suzar-cured; East
ern' sugar-cured Hams; 13c; California Hams,
nominal; Mees Beef, $12 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
$13; Family. $14: extra Prime Pork. $14 50: extra
clear. $16 60; Mess, $15 60; Smoked Beef, 12% c
per lb.
LARD— Tierce* quoted -at 6%®70 per lb for
compound and 7?ic for pure; half barrels, pure,
8c: 10-lb tins, B%c: 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%SS%c per lb; 10-B»
tins. 9%c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Beyond the weakness in Hides there is noth
ing new.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands 'sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
10% c; medium, 9%c: light, 9c: Cowhides, 9@9%c;
Stagß, 7c: Salted Kip, 9%c; Calf, 9%@10c: Dry
Hides, sound, 18c; culls and brand". 15c; Dry
Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf, 19c: Sheepskins,
6hearllngs, 15@30c each; short Wool, 35Q60C
each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool, $I@l 25
each; Horse Hides, $2 25®2 75 (or large and 75c
@$l 75. for small; Colts, 25@50c. Deer Skins-
Summer or red skins, 40c: fall or medium skins.
35c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, SOc;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, sigs%e per lb; No.
2. 4@4%c; refined, 6%c; grease, 2%@3&
WOOL—
Fall clip, San Joaquin plains, 9®loc': South
ern. 8@10c; Middle County, lUalSc; Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 17@20c; Eastern Oregon, 13®
16c; Valley Oregon, 18920 c; Northern Mountain,
free, ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective, H"tl
lie per lb. • '
HOPS— 6%®loc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Veal and Pork are lower again. Receipts of
Hogs continue rather In excess of local pack
ers' needs, and they have seized their oppor
tunity to buy cheaper.
BEEF— 6%<B)7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6-S9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. BSB%c; ewes. 7%®Bc per
lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10@llc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, s%c.for small and me
dium and s%@s?>c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6K(S6%c; dressed Hogs, 7@B%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6>4@6%c; Wool Bags. 28%@32%c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; new Welling
ton. $S; Southfleld Wellington. $7 60; Seattle.
$6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay, \* 50; Wallsend,
$8; Co-operative Wallsend,' $8; Scotch, ;
Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 50 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13: Cannel, $11
per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in *bulk and $17 in
sacks.
SUGAR — The Western Susrar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb In 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed,- 6.50 c; Powdered,
5.50 c; Candy Granulated. 5.10 c; Dry Granu
lated. sc: Confectioners' A. sc; Magnolia A,
4.60 c; Extra C. 4.50 c; Golden C, 4.40 c; barrels.
10c more; half-barrels, . 25c more; boxes. 50c
more; 50-lb bags, 10c more.. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos
half-barrels, 5.75 c; boxes, 6c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR* MONDAY. MARCH 19.
Flour, qr sks ... 23,057:
Barley, ctls 2,430
Oats, ctls 350
Butter, ctls 323
Cheese, ctls 67
Tallow, ctls 240
Beans, sks .; 700
Potatoes, sks ... 1.853j
Bran, sks 455
Middlings, sks .. 700
Screenings, sks... 100
Sugar, sks 1,000
Sugar, bbls ...... 22S
Lime, bbls 364
Hides, no 567
leather, rolls ... 78
Wine, gals 53,330
Pelts, bdls 225
Quicksilver, flsks : 122
Eggs; doz 13.560
Wool, "bags 13
Straw, tons 13
Hay, tons 400
OREGON
Wheat, ctls ..... 315
Potatoes, sks ... 320
Bran, sks 415
Wool, bales 3
Feed, sks 1.200
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 4,314 j
Oats, ctls ....... 2,570
Bran, aks ...;.... 1.7001
Shorts, sks ...... 1,250
Flaxseed, sks .... 325
Mornlns Session.
$3,000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 106 00
$22,C00 Los Angeles Railway 5s 10a -5
Board — „ ..
150 Contra Costa Water, s 90 65 50
50 Contra Costa Water, s 90 60 7a
30 Giant Powder Con 81 00
20 Giant Powder Con 80 00
5 Giant Powder Con 73 oO
60 Hana Plantation Co » 5.%
140 Honokaa - |* %i
10 Hutchinson S P C 0.......... «-i
• 225 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 212 a
$3,000 Los Angeles Railway Es 105 -*
150 Makawell *» 2^
» 30 Market-Street Railway «00
200 Paauhau S P Co *| 12 .
. 15 Spring Valley Water 9| 37*
150 Vlgorit ZM
Afternoon Session.
¦ Street — mA -«
25 California Fruit Canners 100 50
J5.000 Los Angeles Railway 5s l«» j»
$3,000 N P C R R 5s 10 4""
20 Onomea Sugar Co \TS .
$9,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s "—»" — »
Board— - — **
60 Contra Costa Water »'
15 Giant Powder Con •• « '*
25 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co -1 w
80 Makawell Jj Z?
20 Paaubau S P Co , ™ £»
1 Spring Valley Water « 50
$1,000 Spring Valley Watei>'6s ..U4 sO
\ CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— , ?
100 Barker Ranch •. 1 £{
400 Anaconda *°
Afternoon session.
Board— . \ ?
100 Barker Ranch J £»
300 Anaconda *"
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— . _
400 Caribou °
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alta 071
100 Andes 14
100 Belcher 34
300 Best & Belcher. 45
SOO Caledonia 1 50
SOO Challenge 2S
500 Chollar 26
900 Con Cal & Va..l 75
600 Con Imperial... 02 3
600 Crown Point.... 16 ;
200 Gould & Curry. 20
700 Gould &. Curry. 19
200 Hale & Norcrs. 82
400 Justice 07
400 Mexican 80
600 Ophlr 8«
400 Ophir 87
350 Overman 32
100 Overman 33
SOO Sierra Nevada. 64
LCCO Silver Hill 08
1200 Silver Hill 07
50 Union Con 26
200 Yellow Jacket.. 22
Afternoon Session.
600 Alta 061
100 Best & Belcher. 43
900 Con Cal & Va..l 75
500 Con Imperial...- 02
300 Gould & Curry. 20
600 Hale & Norcrs. 30
4500 Justice 08
200 Ophir BSI
600 Overman 31
SOO Savage 17
700 Seg Belcher. 06
100 Sierra Nevada. 63
100 Sierra Nevada. «2
400 Syndicate 07
200 Union Con 28
300 Utah 12
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 14
400 Belcher 35
200 Best ft Belchr. 45
800 Best & Belchr. 46
200 Challenge 28
200 Challenge 23
100 C C & Va 1 70
200 C C & Va....l 72%
200 C C & Va 1 75
300 C C & Va....l 77%
600 C C & Va 1 80
200 C C & Va....l 82%
350 Crown Point 16
1000 Exchequer 04
700 Gould & Curry. 20
600 Gould & Curry. 21
300 Gould & Curry. 22
250 Justice 06
750 Justice 07
200 Mexican 30
300 Mexican 32
700 Ophlr 91
500 Ophir 92
1700 Overman 33
400 Overman 35
200 Sierra Nevada. 63
800 Sierra Nevada. 64
500 Silver Hill 08
200 Union Con 26
1200 Yellow Jacket.. 21
200 Yellow Jacket.. 22
Afternoon Session.
800 Alta OS
300 Belcher :..• 35
200 Belcher 34
200 Best & Belchr. 44
200 Best & Belchr. 43
450 Challenge Con. 30
300 Challenge Con. 29
400 C C & Va....l 72% I
200 C C & Va 1 75
400 C C &-Va....l 77%
600 Gould & Curry. 21
1000 Justice OS
300 Mexican SO
100 Ophir 83
300 Ophir 87
400 Ophir 88
100 Ophlr 87%
400 Overman 32
SCO Overman 31
200 Potosi 27
500 Seg Belcher 06
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. March 13— t p. m.
Bid. Ask ..1 Bid. Ask
Alpha 04 05)
Alta ............ 06 07
Andes 14 15|
Belcher 33 31
Best & Belchr. 42 43
Bullion 03 05
Caledonia 1 35 1 40i
Chollar 25 26
Challenge Con. 27 23|
Confidence 80 —
Con Cal & Va.l 70 1 73
Con Imperial... — 02
Con New York. — 04
Crown Point... 15 16
Exchequer 03 04
Gould & Curry. 20 ,22
Hale & Norcrs. 23 »0.
Julia — 02
Justice 10 111
Kentuck 01 03
Lady Wash 02 '—
Mexican 23 30
Occidental 13 16
Ophlr 87 83
Overman 34 31
Fotosl 26 27
Savage 16 17
Scorpion — 02
Seg .Belcher 05 06
Sierra Nevada. 60 62
Silver Hill 11 12
St Louis ........ — 12
Standard 2 90 3 00
Syndicate ...... — 07
Union Con 25 24
Utah 12 13
Yellow Jacket.. 20 22
BEAJj ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
William A. and Elizabeth Hicks to The Mc-
Carthy Co. (a corporation), lot on S line of
Greenwich street, 127:5 W of Buchanan. W 25
by S 120; $10.
Caroline 6. Hill to Annie M. Thomson, lot
on E line of Bryant street. 116:8 N of Twenty
sixth, N 23:4 by E 100; $10.
Katherine A. and Thomas W. Rivers to. David
H. and Nellie L. Monroe, lot on W line of
Castro street, 101:6 N of Valley. N 25 by W 105;
$2000.
Ida L. and William S. Dillon to Nathaniel
E. and Laura M. Mead, lot on W line / of Dia
mond street. 198:4 3 of Seventeenth, S 24:8 by
W 125; $10.
Armlda Harby to Isaac C. Scharff. lot on
NW corner of Douglass and Thirtieth streets,
N 26:6 by W 80; $5.
Henry and Alice Kahn to Minnie P. Shotwell.
lot on SW line of Fourth street. 171:10% NW of
Howard. NW 34:4% by SW 70; $10.
Union Collection Company to R. Dunsmulr's
Sons Company (a corporation), lot on SE line
of Natoma street. 125 SW of Sixth, SW 25 by
SE 75« and release 47. attachments 323, same
for $112 50, deeds and release of attachment,
quitclaim deed: $10.
William C. Brown to same, same: $10.
Jacob B. Dettelbach to Anne Dettelbach. lot
on N line of California street. 32:6 W of Twelfth
avenue, W 25 by N 100: gift.
Patrick Furlong to Nlcholaus Kenneally. 'lot
on S line of I street. 120 W of Ninth avenue.
W 25 by S 110; $10.
Orvllle D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Daniel
T. and Mary E. Donovan, lots 57 and 58. Gift
Map 2; $300.
Nathan Dimond and Frltze Ellis to Charles
Diamond, all Interest in estate of Jacob Dusen
bery. except United States bonds; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to H.
Hufschmldt and William Wngner. Harmony
Section plat 3. Odd Fellows' Cemetery; J45.
Charles G. Hooker. to Robert G. Hooker, lot
on SW corner or Golden Gate avenue and Polk
street, W 137:6 by S 120; $10.
Same to Jennie M. Hooker, lot on NE corner
of Grove street" and Van Ness avenue. N 120
Same to Bessie Hooker Lent, lot on SE corner
of Fulton street and Van Nes3 avenue. S 120
Mary Bultz to Edward T. ¦ and Eleanor M.
Maggart lot on W line of Flllmore street. 103
N of Sacramento. N 23 by W 90; $10.
Julius • and Bertha Van Vllet .to John J.
Spieker lot on NE corner of Sacramento and
Devlsadero streets, N 52:S*» by E 81:3; $10.
George H. Holsteln to Belle W. Holsteln
(wife) lot on S line of Pine street, 200 W of
Devlsadero. W 25 by S 137:6: also lot on S line
of Oak street. 79:5 E of Lott. E 25 by S 110;
al«o lot on S line of Sacramento street. 140 W
of Devisadero. 23 by 132:7%: gift.
Belle W. Holsteln to George H. Holsteln
(husband, same (three pieces); gift.
Alameda County.
Alice E. Hanson to William A. and Hattle
M Bransford, lot on SW line of East Seven
teenth street. • 216:4 -NW of Sixteenth avenue,
NW 33:4 by SW 140, block 33, San Antonio.
East Oakland: $10.
Charles E. and Marie E. Starratt to Simon
O Macdonald. lot on W line of Deakin street.
250 X of Ashby avenue. N 50 by W 133. being
lot 13. block B, Suburban Tract. Berkeley: $10.
H. C. Morris to V. E. Gegllng, lot 2. block
29. Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Dorothea B. Ruthardt to Cornelius Lynch,
lot on S line of Halirht avenue. 136 4-5 W of
Sixth street. W 36:8 by S 70. Alameda (to cor
rect 643 D. 262) ; $10. . ¦:,-.
Frederick and Amelia Burchard (or Borchard)
to Frank Gimbel. lot on W line of Eighth
street. 140 N of Page. N 40 by W 123. bein*
lot 15 and the N. 15 feet of lot 16. block 37.
tract B. Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association, Berkeley; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
¦ Louis Frtedlander (owner) with Wilson &
Long (contractors), plans by owner — Carpentry,
plumbing, painting. plastering. brick and
electrical work for a three-story frame build
ing (flats) on lot on S line; of Turk street
137:6 W of Laguna, W 25:3 by S .120; $5400. •
¦A. ¦ Aronson , (owner) with San Francisco Con
rtruction Company (a corporation) (contractor)
architects Hemenway & Miller— Excavation and
concrete '_work for a flve-story and basement
concrete.', brick and frame construction on lot
on N line of Geary street. 62:6 E of Jones E
75 bvN 77:6: $5650. ' -¦• "
Chicago Grain Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — * 8S
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 20
Fine silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars 45% 43
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— A decline at Chicago weakened fu
tures, but spot prices remained the same.
Chicago was weaker owing to an increase of
800,000 bushels on passage, and an increase of
214,000 bushels in the visible supply. Liverpool
reported a two week's supply. The firmness in
Corn alone prevented a further decline. The
cash demand was reported Improved, and
colder w ither was predicted.
Sr»ot Wheat-Shipping, 96U@»7%c; milling,
98 * QU01 *- CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls a. m.— December— SOOO
ctls. $104%. May— 2ooo, i9Sc.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— lo,ooo ctls,
97% c. December— 2ooo. $1 04%.
Afternoon Session — December — 6000 ctls,
$1 04V;: 10.000, $104%. May— lC.ooO, 97% c.
BARLEY— The market continues neglected
and nominal. „.!,, M —
Feed. 75c for No. 1 and 65«72%c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@S7%c;
Chevalier, nominal.
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Se<slon— No sales.
OATS— The old quotations still rule, with a
d WhU UeBln»U e 8ln » 8 io@l 30: Red. 95c®$l 17%; Gray,
$1 OTHfli lf>- Black. 97%551 05. ¦
CORN-Eastern White is quoted at 97%c@
fl o°% per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $I@l 10;
mixed. $I@l 05 per ctl.
RYE-97V4c@$l 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal. .
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— Calif ornia family extras. $3 60®3 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices I in sacks' ar4 as fol
lows usual discount' to the trade: Graham
Flour J3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 76; Rye
Meal $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 SO; Hominy. $3 25®3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels). $6@7.25; In sacks. $5 75®
7- Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$5 50 per 100 lbs. ¦ ¦¦ -• ¦ .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Everything stands as before and the demand
for all sorts Is slack.
BRAN— $l2^l3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. *2fi@27: Jobbing,
$27 50*328 • Cocoa nut Cake, $20®21; Corn Meal.
$23f?23 50; Cracked Corn. $23 50®24: Mixed Feed.
$15 60: Cottonseed Meal. $23 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7<89 for common to good;
$9 60 for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat
and Oat. $6 60@9; Oat, $6@B; Barley, $S@7; Al
falfa, $6«?7 DO per ton. '
STRAW— 25fc35c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
' There Is nothing new to report.
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 25; small White, $3 10
<g>3 25; large White. $3@3 15; Pinks. $2 50®
2 85; Reds, nominal; Blackeye. $4 35@4 65; But
ters, nominal:' Lima, J5 15@5 25: Pea, $3 20®
3 40; Red Kidneys. $3 st)© 4.
¦ SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal ; Yellow
Mustard. 4%©4*ic; Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary,
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9S~l0c: Rape. 2%@3c; Hemp. 4@4%c;
Timothy, 4@4%c. ¦¦¦¦¦¦-?
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 50®l 90; Green. $1 75
S2 50 per ctl. :
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of 'Asparagus were the heaviest
ever known. There was. a good ' shipping de
mand, which kept prices from declining,
though some went into cold storage. Other
vegetables were steady. .
. Potatoes and . Onions were unchanced and
quiet. .
Receipts were 2150 boxes Asparagus. 364 boxes
Rhubarb, 302 sacks Peas and 69 sacks new Po
tatoes. -..-,.'
POTATOES— EarIy. Rose. 70@S0o: River Reds,
70£SOc; Burbanks. 40@70c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 60c®$l; Sweet Potatoes, $2 40@2 50
for Merced and $1 25 for Rivers.; New Potatoes.
1%1ff2%C. . :
ONIONS— S2 4052 60 per ctl; Cut Onions, SOc©
$150 . > •
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, $I#l 60 per box;
Asparagus, SOcSjll per box for No. 2 and $1 25®
1 60 for No. 1 and $1 75<52 for fancy large; Green
Peas. I{f2%c per lb: String Beans, 3<3Bc; Cab
bage, 40@50c ;.Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 50@2:
Eks: Plant- from Los Angeles, -B<B>li>c: Dried
Okra. 32% c per lb: Garlic. 2%@3' / sc; Greim Pep
pers from Los Angeles. 20c; Dried Peppers, S@
10c; Carrots. 254?35c tier sack: Los Angeles Sum
mer Squash, . $1 2501 50 ' per box; Marrowfat
Squash, nominal. ¦__
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern came in. Receipts of lo
cal stock were insignificant. Game was In light
receipt.. '. .'
, POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers
and 13Q14c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $2® 2 25;
Goslings, $2 60@3; Ducks. $4<fiTs for old and S4£?S
for young: Hens," $4 5006; Young Roosters, $(
©7: Old Roosters,, $4 50«5: Fryers, $6; Broilers,
iaitih 50 for large and $3®4 for small; Pigeon*.
$1 tmi 75 per dozen for old and $2 25@2 i>o for
Squabs. • ' ; -¦ y .
GAME— Hare.: $I#l 25; Rabbits. $1 25(?J)1 50;
Gray Geese $2 60; White.* $1: Brant. $1 50O2:
Honkers, $3 50, per dozen; English Snipe. $2 60
©¦3; Jack Snipe, $1 50. ¦¦- .--•."
Butter, Eggs^'and , Cheese.
Butter and Cheese continue in ample supply
LOCAL MARKETS.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK. March 19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
30,169 bbls; exports. 14.400 bbls. Nominally firm
but very quiet. Trades pending on Saturday
were shut out by the break In wheat, and the
close was unsettled.
WHEAT— Receipts, 88,000 bushels; exports,
144,000 bushels. Spot, irregular. No. 2 Ted, 77c
elevator; No. 2. SOc f, a b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 79% c f. o.b. afloat prompt: "No. 1
hard Duluth. Sic f. o. b. afloat • prompt. Op
tions opened easier under realizing sales and
favorable crop news ana developed positive
heaviness in the afternoon. Small clearances
and export trade, with disappointing late En
glish • cables, checked the demand. The close
was weak at %fflo net decline.- March. 76%@
Ti 3-16 c. closed 76% c; May, 72K@73%c. closed
73c.
HOPS— Quiet..
HIDES-Flrm.
LEATHER— Steady to firm.
WOOL— Dull. .
COFFEE— CIosed quiet at a net decline of 5
to 10c per bag. Sales, 10,500, including July,
$6 Ss@6 95: August, $6 95; September, $7; De
cember, $7 2J. .
Spot Coffee— Rio steady; No. 7 Invoice, B^®
B%c; No. 7 Jobbing. 8%@3%c; mild, market
steady: Cordova 9US?I4c.
SUGAR— Raw strong: fair refining, 3 15-16 c;
centrifugal, 96 te?t, 4 7-16 c; molasses sugar,
3»ic.
Refined Sugar— Strong; standard A, 4.95 c;
confectioners', 4.95 c; Mold A, 4.95 c; cut-loaf,
6.E5c: crushed, 5.55 c; powdered. 5.25 c; granu
lated, 5.15 c; cubes. 5.80 c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 7767 packages: firm;
Western creamery, 20<f25c; f actor y. 17%@20c.
EGGS— Steady; State and Pennsylvania at
mark, WSW,ic; Western. 16c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Business was very slack In dried fruit mar
ket to-day. There was a liberal, supply on
hand with very few orders for apples and the
market ruled weak with prices unchanged.
California dried fruits continued dull and nom
inal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
414(?5'4c;4 1 4 ( ?5'4c; prime, 6@6Uc; choice, 7@7%0; fancy,
7?iS'S%c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%@7c per
pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13@15c: Moorpark. 15@lSc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18622 c; unpeeled. 7%
®9c.
Charters.
The Tlato Kill load* wheat for Valparaiso.
Staple Exports.
The followlnr flguree taken from the bulletin
Issued by the bureau of statistics of the
Treasury Department Bhow the value of the
vrincipal articles of merchandise exported from
the I'nited States Tor the e!ght months ended
February JS. 1!<00: Breadstuff*. $i:3.725.052; cot
ton Jti64.753.745: mineral oils. $49,356,797; cattle
f.nd hogs. $U6,4C2,">46: provisions. J110.975.384;
ti'ial. 5iW.8C0.627. The x-alues of the articles
rm titloned exported during the eight months
«r.ded February 2K ISS9. were $:2L€55,47J. The
\a!ue c.f the export* of breadstuff* from Pan
Vrancisco during February was $1.(55.064. and
for the e'.Rht months then ended $9,521,960.
*»;a:iist JC27.230 aad $4.i33.553 for the came time
l_si year.
Weather Report.
flam Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. March 19—5 p. m.
The follcwlnK are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as coir.pcjed with those of same date
is« season and rainfall in last twenty-four
fc.jurs:
Last This Last
v.-tationf— 54 hours, season, season,
rureka 0.50 43.65 28.48
Bed i<:uff °-3S is.Bl 15.04
.«a-ramento 0.04 15.61 11.27
.-an Francisco Trace 17.02 10.50
Fresno 0.04 7.06 4.M
Ir.ifp^ndence 0.00 2.42 1.15
Fan I>uis Obisro 0.12 14.73 10.65
Loa Anpfles Trace 6.55 4.06
Fan Diego 0.00 3.12 4.32
yuma 0.00 0.76 1.54
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
CS depress; minimum. M; mean. 57.-
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly .over the
northern half of the country. It has fallen
flowly over Central and Southern California.
An "area of high pressure appears to be mov
ing in off the Oregon coaM. This will probably
cause hl£h northerly winds in the valleys Tues
day, with colder weather and probably light
lro»t* Wednesday morning.
I,'r.settled weather with ghowers has occurred
ppnerally on the coast. Rain has fallen as
lar pouth as Los An*reles. .
A thunder storm is reported at San Luis
Ot.isjx,.
A maximum wind velocity of 32 miles per
h.mr fr.'in the northeast is reported at Eureka.
forecast made at San Francieco for thirty
h'.urs ending midnight. March 2H. 1900.
Northern California— Fair Tuesday. light
r.'Tth^rly winds in the valleys and on the coast,
cr.lder Tuts^lay nipht.
Southern Cilifornia— Cloudy and unsettled
¦weather Tuesday, probably light showers;
er'Utl-.w.-6terlye r 'Utl-.w.-6terly changing to northwesterly winds.
Nevada— Fair and cooler Tuesday.
Vtsh— Cloudy and cooler Tuesday.
Arizona — ('loud}' Tuesday.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday,
bri;-k northwest winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Silver advanced. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures lower. Other grains dull.
Hax, Beans and Feedstuff s inactive and nominal
Potatoes and Onions quiet at previous prices.
Largest receipts of Asparagus rccr known.
Pcultty continues firm. • Game in light supply.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
J2ggs in excessive supply and still loivcr.
Six cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Hides continue weak at the decline.
Veal and Pork lower. Other Meats unchanged.
000 bushels, increase 325,000; rye, 1,167,000 bush
els, decrease 3000; barley, 916,000 ¦ bushels, de
crease 100,000. ' *
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, March 19.— Cable advices to the
Metal : Exchange this morning were of a gen
erally bearish purport. Especially tin, that
metal showing a decline of £7 10s In London.
Under this Influence tin in the local market
opened . decidedly lower and ruled irregular,
Bcoring.a net loss of 125 points for the day,
closing weak and ! unsettled at $32, entirely
nominal at that. Pig • iron warrants ruled
quiet. Lake copper, while lower at London,
ruled steady at sustained prices, closing at
$16 37%. Lead ruled quiet, closing at $4 67'^
bid and $4 72% asked. Spelter was easy, being
2% points off on the previous a»ked price, clos
ing at $4 55 bid ana $4 60 asked. The brokers
price for lead was $4 45 and for copper $16 aO.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON. March 19.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balance in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, $153,446,723; gold, $9. ,099,954.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 19.— Consols. 101 11-18 ; sil
ver, 27 U-16d; French rentes. lOlf 550; cargoes
on" passage,' -firmer . tendency: cargoes No. 1
standard California, 29s 6d; cargoes Walla
Walla. 28s 6d; import into United Kingdom,
wheat, 194.000; import Into United Kingdom,
flour. 2C2.000; wheat and flour on passage to
United Kingdom. 3.160.000: wheat and flour on
passage to Continent. 1,190.000; Indian ship
merits wheat to United Kingdom, none; Indian
shipments wheat to Continent, none.
LIVERPOOL. March 19.— Wheat, •firm; wheat
in Paris, steaciy; flour in Paris, steady.
COTTON— Uclands, 5 15-32 d. .
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot— Firm: No. 1 Northern spring.
«s 3d. Futures— Steady; March, nominal; May,
5s lOUd: July. 5s 9%d.
CORN— Spot-Steady; American mixed new.
Ss'lUid: American mixed old. 3s U%d. Fu
tures— Steady: March, nominal; May, 3s io%a;
July. 3s 10% d.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. March 19.— The offerings at the
wool auction eales to-day numbered 5774 bales.
Hesitation was shown at the opening of the
wool auction sales to-day and later decided
weakness developed. French and German buy
ers did not act as freely as on previous days,
but American reDresentatlves were steady pur
chasers. The stock brought forward consisted
mostly of fair-hatred Queensland merinos.
There was a fair demand for crossbreas.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 19.— Clearings, $350,
00S; balances. $52,666.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, March 19.— 1n the local wheat
market to-day there was very little life, but
prices show little change since Saturday. Walla
Walla is being sold around S3@s4c for No. 1 and
53Q53%c Is offered for valley.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 19.— N0 change in wheat.
Club, 50% c; bluestem. 52% c.
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
United States . Coast? and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Hehchts of.; High and. Low
Waters at 1 Fort ¦ Point, entrance to San
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 6 lOV 6 9%
Closing • 5 10% 5 8%
Wheat— . Mar. May- Aug.
Opening 19 90 20 80
Closing 19 »» 20 85
Flour-
Opening ..25 70 26 90
Closing .26 05 ,2710 %
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. March .19.— CATTLE— Receipts.
14,0u0; generally 10c higher forijeef steers; qual
ity very poor. Butchers' stock, firm; Natives,
best on sale tb-Aay. Kansas Cattle, $5 40;, g00d
to prime steers, 6@loc , higher, $4 80©5 85; poor,
medium strong to 10c higher, $4 10®5 65;. select
ed feeders. 10c higher, l $4 25@5 85; mixed | stock
err strong to 5c higher,- $3 60#4; -cows, strong
and active." $3©4. 30; heifers, shade higher, $3 25
©4 75; canners, firm, $2 26@2 95; bulls,' steady,
$3®4 20; calves, unchanged. $4 50@7. Texans:
Receipts, 12«»: best on sales to-day. Texas cat
tle, $5 40; -Texas steers, steady, $3 75@5; Texas
bulls, steady, $3 4003 70. . -
HOGS — Receipts, 25,000; to-morrow estimated,
20.000; left over. 3500. ¦ Opened strong: closed
weak; average 5c lower. Tops. $5 15; tnlxcd and
butchers, $4 90@5 15; good to choice.' heavy, $5 05
ith 15: mixed and butchers, $4 90'(?5 15; good to
choice, heavy, $3 05®5 15; rough heavy, $4 90@5;
light, $4 85(f?6 07%; bulk of sales. $5@5 07%.
SHEEP— Hecelpts, 18,000; sheep, steady to
shade lower; lambs, 10@15c • lower. Good . to
choice wethers, $5 65<?r5 90; fair to choice, mixed,
»5 20<f15 TO; Western sheep. $5 35®5 90; yearlings,
55 So@ 6 50: native lambs, $5. 75@7 15; Western
lambs, 56(57 15. ¦ ' . . -
Visible Grain. Supply.
NEW YORK, March 19.— The?; statement fof
the visible supply or grain In store and * afloat
on ' Saturday, ¦ March „' 17, > as ; compiled* by 3 the
New ' York * Produce Exchange. Is : as • follows :
Wheat, 53,912.000 bushels., lncrease 214.000; corn,
20,542,000 bushels, . decrease 618,000; oats, : 6,718,-
On v the morning session of the Bond Ex
change Contra Costa Water advanced to $65 75
and Giant Powder declined to' $79 50.
In the afternoon there was a sale of Cali
fornia Fruit Canners at $100 60. Contra Costa
Water advanced to $67 50.
There was nothing new in the oil stocks.
The Spring Valley Water Company .will pay
a dividend of 42 cents . to-day. ¦- <,
The Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Company
will pay a dividend 0f.,25 cents to-day.
¦ The Hawaiian i Commercial and Sugar Com
pany has declared a dividend of 50 cents per
share, payable on the 26th. -
It is said that the recent decline in Giant
Powder was caused by the incorporation of the
Peyton Chemical Works.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. March 19—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds —
4s quar c0up. .114% —
4s quar '. reg. . . — 114%
4s quar new. .136 — -
3s quar c0up. .110% —
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 -— '
C C Wat 55 ... 10514106%
Ed L & P 65.. 12 a —
F & Cl Ry 65.. 114 115
Oeary-st R 6s. — ' 95 \
H.C & S 5%5.105 110
•Do ss'.. ..10C% —
L A Ry 55.....105 Vi —
LAI. Co 55.. — —
: Do gntd 65.. — —
?Do gntd'fci.. — 103
L A &. P R 55.102\i102%
Market- 8t 65.. -* —
Do Ist M 55.H6>4 —
N C N G R 75. 106
N R of Cal 6«.113Vi —
N R or Cal 55.115%117
N P C R R 65. 104 —
N P C R R 55.1C6 -107
N C R R ss.*. .".109 ¦ — •
Oak GL&H 05.108% —
Oak Tran 65.:. — 112%
Oak -W. Co 55..1&5 —
Oceanic S C 0..105 103? i
Om C Ry 65...127%128
P & Cl Ry 65..104%105%
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 65.117 —
Sac LG&R ss. 90 —
B F & SJV.5s.ll7' —
SR of Cal 65.113 —
S Pof A 65....UU4112.-
S P C 6s (1905).110% —
Do (1906) .1..112 113
1 DO (1512)\.... — — '
Do Ist cjr ss. — . ¦¦ —
S P Br 65..:. .127 125%
S V Water. 65.114%114%
•Do 4s ........104 —
S V W 4s(3dm)K2% — -
Stktn • Gas 65.4100 104 -
¦ .Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 67% 67%
Marin County.'— ; —
Spring Valley. 98 95%
I Gas & Electric — j| -
Cent G L Co.. — —
Cent L & P... — '4%
Bid.Ask.
Equit G L Co. 3% 4
Mutual El Co. 10% —
OG L & H.... 45 49 '
Pac Gas Imp.. 54" 55
Pac, L Co 44 —
S F G & E.... 63% —
San Francisco. 4% 4%
Stkn G & E Co 10
Insurance — ¦ :
Flrem's Fund. 227 —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 69
Bank of Cal... 402% —
Cal S D * T.llOO —
First Natlonal.2so' 300
Lort P &A....130 —
Merchants'. Ex 14 —
Nev Natßk..-» — .
Savings Banks —
Ger S & L..1800 ' — .
Hum S & L. — , - —
Mut Say Bk. 45 —
S F-Sav U.. 510 —
Say & L So. -'74; '78
Sec'Sav Bk; —
Union T Co. — —
¦ Street Railroads— ,-
California .:..na%l2iu
Geary-st ...... DO —
Market-st Ry. 62Vi 63
OSI, <c H.... — 50
Presidio ....... 15% — . .
! Powder Stocks— I
California .....150 160
Giant Con Co.. 79% 80%
Vlgorit 2% 2%
Sugar Stocks — -
Hana S P Co.. S% 8
Haw C&S Co — 90
Honokaa S Co. 31% 31%
Hutch S P Co. J6H 27-
Kilauea S Co. 21U —
Hakaweli S Co 48 , —
Onomea S C 0. .'28 - 25%
Paauhau S Co. 28% ;
¦ Miscellaneous— ¦¦¦ "¦¦
Al Pack 'Assn. — " 11934
Cal Fruit Asn.lOO 101%
Mer Ex Assn.. — -
Oceanic S Co.. —"i 95
Pac A FA.. ..-2 —
Pac C ; Bor Co. 147% —
Par Paint Co.. 10 —
TO SAIL.
ARRIVED.
Monday. March 19.
Stmr Glosy, Leland. 2S hours from Moss
s"mr""Mackinaw. Llttlefleld. 82 hours from
StmrArcati. Reed. 43 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart. JS hours from Saa
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. 43 hours from San
Stmr Ruth. Lundqulst, 23 hours from Eureka.
Ship Spartan. Polite. 15 days from Seattle.
Ship Susquehanna. Bailey, 114 days from New
Ger ship H F Glade. Haesloop. 12*» days from
Honolulu.
Br ship Jessomene. Thomas. 33 days from
Acapulco.
Bark C D Bryant. Colly. 15 days from La
bana.
Haw bark R P Rlthet. McPhail,' 13 days from
Honolulu.
Bktn Tropic Bird. Jackson. 33 days from
Schr" Barbara Hernster. Undber*. 25 hours
from Usal.
Schr Mary Dodge. Olsen. 27 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Eliza Miller. Christensen. 4S days from
Schr Mary C. Madsen. 7 hours from Bodega.
CLEARED.
Monday. March 13.
Stmr Newport, Saunders. Panama; P M S 3
Co.
Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolson. San Pedro; GoodalL
Perkins & Co.
SAILED
Monday, March 13.
Stmr Newport. Saunders. Panama.
Stmr Matteawan. Croscup. Tacoma.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brtd«ett. Ventura.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. Greenwood.
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart. Eureka.
Tug Samson. Stream. Grays Harbor, with
barge Washoueal in tow.
Barge Washougal. Sonerud. Grays Harbor. In
tow of tusr Samson.
Schr Monterey, Beck. Coos Bay. • ,
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Mackinaw— March 17. off Grays Har
bor, sealing schr Penelope, with 100 seal skins.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The stmr Coqullle River spoke the Br sealing
schr Allie I Alser on March 15 off Cape Blan
co, and Alger reported having picked up white
skylight and a spring • mattress, also large
quantity of floating pine lumber. The CoQuille
River later passed the lumber between Cap«
Blanco and Umpo.ua.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 13. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 19— Br
bark Holywood. from Honolulu; schr Okano
can. from Honolulu, for Port Ludlow.
Passed In March 13 — Nor stmr Leander. hence
March 15. for Tacoma. !
NEWPORT (S>— Arrived March 19— Schr Wa
wona, -rom Port Blakeley: stmr Aberdeen, hnc
March 17. and sailed for .
POINT REYES— Passed March 13 — Stmr
Brunswick, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed March 19-Stmr Su
nol. for San« Francisco: schr Reporter, for
Guaymas; schr Fannie Adele, for San Pedro:
stmr Rainier, in tow tug Astoria, for San
Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived March 19— Bktn Arago.
from Honolulu.
Sailed Mar"h 13— Stmr State of California, for
San Franclsso.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived March 19— Stmr
Noyo. hence March IS.
EUREKA— Arrived March 19— Stmr Samoa.
hence March- IS.
• Sailed March 13— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francl«ico. '
USA?*— Arrived March 19— Stmr Navarr».
hence March IS.
Sailed March I?— Schr Barbara Hernster. for
San Francisco..
SEATTLE— Arrived March 18— Stmr Wllla-
mette. hence March 15; bktn Leslie D. hence
Feb 27. March 19— Stmr Newport, hence March
14; stmr Rosalie, from Skasruay.
FOREIGN PORTS,
YOKOHAMA — Arrived March 17— Br stmr
Cootie, hence ; Feb 27; Br stmr Pathan. from
Tacoma.
AUCKLAND — Sailed March 19— Br stmr
Moana. for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— SaiIed March 17— Br stmr Al
coa.- for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 19— Br ship
Drumburton, from Oreson. and sailed far
Grlmsby.
MANILA— Sailed March 12-Schr Philippine,
for Port Townsend.
NANAIMO— Arrived March 19— Br stmr Rob
ert Ada mson. hence March is.
OCEAN STEAMERS
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed March tO—Ptmr
Kalaer ¦ Wllhelm <ler Grosse. from New York,
for Bremen.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed March 19— Stmr Xe«r
York, from Southampton, for New YorlL aaa
not as betor*. ¦
TO ARRIVE.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
10 shillings to nil on the damnatory report of
Mr. Knox. a New York mining engineer, who
Is said to have reported favorably before.
The bank bought £12,000 gold In bars. Of the
large amount due the bank two-thirds was re
paid and a third' renewed, contrary to ex
pectations.
CLOSING.
LONDON. March 19.— Canadian Pacific, 9S;
Union Pacific preferred, 76%: Northern Pacific
preferred, 76%; Atchlson, 24%; Grand Trunk.
8%; Anaconda, 9%; bar silver, steady, 27 11-16 d
per ounce.
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 20, .1900.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SLAUGHTER OF HORSES
ORMONDE STABLES. 1515 MISSION ST..
Between 11th and 12th.
50 Head Young Country Horses: Large and
Small: All Broke; Tuesday. March 20th. at 11
O'clock. No R^V^VAN * DOYLE.
Auctioneers, Office 327 Sixth sC
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
fe *fe
AT SWITZER'S HORSE MARKET. Twelfth
and Harplson. TUESDAY. March 20. of 50 hea.l
of broke and unbroken Horses, ranging in
weight from 1000 to 1500 pounds, and from 4 to «
years old. Horses will be at yards for Inspec-
tion Sunday. March IS.
SULLIVAX & DOYLE.
Livestock Auctioneers: Office 327 Sixth st
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hieh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both place*.
TUESDAY. MARCH 20.
Sun rises «:lt
Sun sets «:I1
Moon rises 15:45 d. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
socond time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
and the last or rUht hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the- number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* of
refe-ence Is the mean of th* lower low water*.
CHICAGO. March 19.— Wheat at the opening
was comparatively steady. Mild, j damp
weather was reported from the West, condi
tions ideal for the winter wheat, but traders
at the moment were Influenced by firm foreign
markets and the heavy cash business done
Saturday. May opened unchanged at 67%@67%c,
but offerings soon exceeded the demand at
those flugres and prices began to yield a trifle.
May got down to 67% c. A short spurt of cov
ering brought the price back to 67% c. but soon
after the market again turned weak and de
clined slowly and steadily until within a few
minutes of the close. The liquidation during
the session was not particularly heavy, but
support was lacking, "prospective buyers evi
dently being more impressed with . the favor
able weather, the visible Increase and the
heavy Northwest receipts than were holders of
long wheat. The decline, however, was not
rapid until nearly noon, when the price dropped
quite fast. May finally being hammered down
to 66%fc66%c. During the last half-hour of
the session the demand Improved somewhat
and shorts sold and longs renewed their lines.
May advanced to «6%c and reacted to 66%@
66% c, where it closed.
Corn was quiet, but fairly steady. There was
a general belief that Important lines of long
corn were In process of liquidation, but the
market was well supported notwithstanding
this and the weakness of wheat. May closed
>ie lower at 37% c.
Oats were extremely dull all day, nothing
of interest occurring In the speculative mar
ket. Small ciuh demand strengthened futures.
May closed a shade lower at 24j?24%c.
Provisions at times were extremely, active,
especially so as regards pork, the demand for
that article being heavy and general. Small
stocks and higher prices at the yards started
a buying movement early which advanced
•prices sharply. May pork selling' as high as
$11 55, but later in the session realizing chopped
off a good deal of the advance, the decline
helped along by the weakness of wheat. Lard
and ribs also showed fair advances at one tlm>?,
but lost them when pork declined. At the close
May pork was 10c higher; May lard a shad?
lower and May ribs a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. H.lgh. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— . ¦ -
March ; .... 65%
May 67% 67*4 66% 66%
July 6S>4 6SU 67% 67%
Corn No. 2—
March 36
May 37% 37% 37% 374
July 35% 38>4 37% 37%
September 35% 38% - 35% ¦ 38%
Oats No. 2—
*lay 24% 24% 24" 24%
July 23 23% 23 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 1130 1155 1130 1142%
July 1130 1140 1125 1127%
Lard, per 100 pound*—
May 615 6 174-6 12% 6 12%
July 6 22% 6 27% 620 620
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 615 6 22% 615 6 17%
July 6 17% 625 6 17% 620
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 66%<jJ66c;
No. 2 red. 6Sc; No. 2 corn, 36% c: No. 2 oats,
23%5i'24%c: No. 2 white, 2614*3270; No.' 3 white,
26<g27c; No. 2 rye, 66c: No. 2 barley, 3S@3S%c;
No. 1 flax seed, $1 63%; mess pork, per bbl,
$10 80^11 45: lard: per 100 lbs, $5 Ss@6 10; short
ribs tides (lopse), $6 05*36 30; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 6Uy<!Hc,- short clear sides
(boxed), J6 35®C 45; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gal, Jl 24%; sugars, cut loaf, un
changed.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 37.000 42.000
Wheat, bu 27,000 15,000
Corn bu 318.000 226,000
Oats bu ...326.000 181,000
Rye. bu S.OOO *
Barley, bu 49,000 8,000
On the Produce Exchange tc-day'the butter
market was eßsy; creamery. 19®24c; dairy. 16®
22c: cheese, nrm, 12®13c; eggs easy; fresh. 15c.
Time Ball. .
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S X Mer
M*£h ' 19. E IM0 anKe ' : ' *" -. J"" 1^ 00 ." Cal.;
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. «..-• at noon of the 129 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
Lieutenant Commander.' LV S. N.. In charge.
PARIS.
8
New York Grain and Produce.
THE STOCK MARKET.
a Time Time Time Time
*• Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L, "W HW t«W
!0~7.. 1:12 5.3 7:M 0.5 3:08 4.1 7:39 2.J
a ... 1:45 6.3 8:46 0.5 4:04 4.0 »:27 3.0
•3 .. 2:28 5.2 9:44 0.5 5:11 4.0 9:33 3.3
!S . " 3:30 6.1 10:47 0.4 8:18 4.1 10:5$ 3.!
•4 ... 4:31 6.0 11:52 0.4 '7:15 4.4!
L, TV H W L W IH -W
!5 ... 0:14 3.2 5:51 5.0 12:52 0.4 8:02 4.S
» ...| 1:21 2.7 7:11 5.1 1:43 ».4J »:45 t.D
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 21
Pomona ISan Dietco Mar.*)
South PortlandlOyster Harbor Mar. 20
Colon (Panama ~ Mar.?)
Ftate California I Portland Mar. 21
Czarina Puget Sound ~~ Mar. 21
Coca Bar Newport Mar. 23
Point Arena.... Point Arena. Mar. 23
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Mar. 22
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 22
City of Puebla. Victoria & Putcet Sound Mar. 23
Honsk'ng Maru China and Japan Mar. 23
Samoa iHumboldt Mar. 23
Empire Cooa Bay Mar. I!
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 23
Corona Pan Dieso Mar. 2*
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. 24
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 23
Willamette Seattle Mar. 23
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. V>
Crescent City... Crescent City Mar. 23
Bonita Newport Mar. 24
Geo. W Elder. Fortland (Mar. 2«
Australia Honolulu Mar. ?7
Curacao iMexlco IMar. 27
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
Bonlta (Newport Mar. 20. 9 amlPJer 11
Del Norte.. 'Oregon Ports. Mar. 20, 10 am Pier JO
Orlzaha iHumboldt Mar. 20. 2 pmlPler 9
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor Mar. 20. 5 pml
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 21. 12 nvPler 13
Marlposa .. Sydney Mar. 21. 8 pmlPler 7
I*. Mariscall Mexico Mar. 21. 12 mlPler 13
Pomona ISan Dieso Mar. 22. 11 amPler 11
Walla WalllVlc & P(rt Sd. Mar. 22. lOamlPier •»
Gaelic IChlna&Japan Mar. 23. 1 pmIPMSS
Nortt» Fork Humboldt Mar. 23. »am!Pler 3
Hathor Hamburg Mar. 23. 10 ami Pier 7
State of Cal Portland Mar. 24. 10 ami Pier 2t
Coos Bay... I Newport iMar. 2*. 9 ami Pier 11
Pt Arena..|Point Arena.. l Mar. 24. 2 pmlPier 2
Aloha .ICrescent City. l Mar. 24. 3 pm'Pier 2
Samoa Humholdt IMar. 23. 10am[Pierl3
Corona .... San Diegro Mar. 28. 11 amlPler 11
fmatllla .. Vie & Pirt Sd.lMar. 27. 19 ami Pier 9
Newbursr •¦ Grays HarborlMar. 27. t...; —
a Time Time Time Time
*• Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L, "W HW t«W
!0~7.. 1:12 5.3 7:M 0.5 3:08 4.1 7:39 2.J
a ... 1:45 6.3 8:46 0.5 4:04 4.0 »:27 3.0
•3 .. 2:28 5.2 9:44 0.5 5:11 4.0 9:33 3.3
!S . " 3:30 6.1 10:47 0.4 8:18 4.1 10:5$ 3.!
•4 ... 4:31 6.0 11:52 0.4 '7:15 4.4!
L, TV H W L W IH -W
!5 ... 0:14 3.2 5:51 5.0 12:52 0.4 8:02 4.S
» ...| 1:21 2.7 7:11 5.1 1:43 ».4J »:45 t.D
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 21
Pomona ISan Dietco Mar.*)
South PortlandlOyster Harbor Mar. 20
Colon (Panama ~ Mar.?)
Ftate California I Portland Mar. 21
Czarina Puget Sound ~~ Mar. 21
Coca Bar Newport Mar. 23
Point Arena.... Point Arena. Mar. 23
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Mar. 22
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 22
City of Puebla. Victoria & Putcet Sound Mar. 23
Honsk'ng Maru China and Japan Mar. 23
Samoa iHumboldt Mar. 23
Empire Cooa Bay Mar. I!
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 23
Corona Pan Dieso Mar. 2*
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. 24
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 23
Willamette Seattle Mar. 23
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. V>
Crescent City... Crescent City Mar. 23
Bonita Newport Mar. 24
Geo. W Elder. Fortland (Mar. 2«
Australia Honolulu Mar. ?7
Curacao iMexlco IMar. 27
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
Bonlta (Newport Mar. 20. 9 amlPJer 11
Del Norte.. 'Oregon Ports. Mar. 20, 10 am Pier JO
Orlzaha iHumboldt Mar. 20. 2 pmlPler 9
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor Mar. 20. 5 pml
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 21. 12 nvPler 13
Marlposa .. Sydney Mar. 21. 8 pmlPler 7
I*. Mariscall Mexico Mar. 21. 12 mlPler 13
Pomona ISan Dieso Mar. 22. 11 amPler 11
Walla WalllVlc & P(rt Sd. Mar. 22. lOamlPier •»
Gaelic IChlna&Japan Mar. 23. 1 pmIPMSS
Nortt» Fork Humboldt Mar. 23. »am!Pler 3
Hathor Hamburg Mar. 23. 10 ami Pier 7
State of Cal Portland Mar. 24. 10 ami Pier 2t
Coos Bay... I Newport iMar. 2*. 9 ami Pier 11
Pt Arena..|Point Arena.. l Mar. 24. 2 pmlPier 2
Aloha .ICrescent City. l Mar. 24. 3 pm'Pier 2
Samoa Humholdt IMar. 23. 10am[Pierl3
Corona .... San Diegro Mar. 28. 11 amlPler 11
fmatllla .. Vie & Pirt Sd.lMar. 27. 19 ami Pier 9
Newbursr •¦ Grays HarborlMar. 27. t...; —night the Elks held forth In all their glory
of white duck suits, ' embellished with
waistcoats of flaming red.
There was Just enough of a professional
color to. the circus 'to carry It with h
swing. The equestrian exhibition by gen
tlemen riders opened the show and gave
the following Elks a chance to display
their horsemanship: J. F. Rooney, J. Cal
Ewlng, Byron Rutley, Charles Roeth,
Frank Barnett, H. B. Jeffrey, Dr. E. H.
Woolsey, Dr. J. M. Dunn, Ray T. Baker,
Harry Newton, Arthur Feldler, A. C.
Hodges, W. H. J. Hynes, Dr. O. D. Ham-
Hn, Dr. H. P. Travers and Frank W.
Leavltt.
Deputy County Clerk Charles Pugh
made a graceful jockey and thrilled tnt.
spectators with his bareback performance.
The trained horses, dogs, monkeys and
goats contributed their specialties, while
the circus flavor was heightened by the
clever ring, bar, trapeze and juggling nets
of Slamberg and Scott, the Verzenos, Rob
ert Lee, Moulton and Mole and the acro
batic turn by. Cook, Dowdle, Bregers and
Olsen of the Reliance Club.
The merry sextet of clowns served tho
sawdust flavored Jokes with fresh relish
and contributed a good share to the sue-
Wfislly Call too .jjjriiir
THINKS HE WAS
HYPNOTIZED TO
COMMIT CRIME
Burglar Patterson's Queer
Tale of Mysterious
Companions.
Told the Police He Had No Rec-
ollection of His Predatory
Tour in East Oak
land.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, March IS.
The police have a mystery on . their
hands In the person of Thomas Patterson,
the burglar captured last evening by W.
H. Price. Patterson declares he was hyp
notized by a couple of strangers whom he
met on the ferry-boat yesterday afternoon
while he was,. coming to Oakland. Tho
burglar flatly asserts that he has not the
remotest Idea who were the strangers by
whom he was led by "some Irresistible
force" to go to the Price residence, and
he has likewise as stoutly affirmed that
he did not realize until long after his ar
rest what had occurred.
The tale is somewhat discredited by ihe
detectives who have been trying to Ket
Information from Patterson concerning his
companions who escaped. •
Patterson was not under the Influence of
liquor when he was taken Into custody
last night. His only statement concerning
himself is that he is a typesetter and ar
rived here from Klngman, Ariz., a f-»w
days ago. In telling his story to-day the
prisoner said:
"I met two men on the Oakland ferry
boat whom I never saw before, and they
Induced me, by some power I cannot un
derstand, to keep company with them
after we arrived In Oakland. Ido not ic
member any of the circumstances about
my arrest, and I was as much surprised as
any one could be when I found myself in
charge of the police! I guess I must have
been hypnotized. I never saw the two
men before in my life, and I could not tell
the slightest fact about them which would
give any information about their 'den
tlty."
Such is the remarkable story which Pat
terson has given to the police. The pris
oner was nursing a very sore head to-day,
the wounds inflicted by the plucky Price
with his trusty poker giving the burglar
considerable pain. He would not even
admit that the drubbing which knocked
him senseless had any effect In freshening
his memory after the hospital surgeons
restored him to consciousness.
The police are holding Patterson as a
"small book" prisoner until they have
completed their Investigations. They have
no hope now of locating his companions
in the face of his peculiar statements.
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, IXVIOORA-
tor and Nervine. I
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder.' Sells on Its own merit*.
. N ABE It. ALFS * BRUNE. Agents.
m Market street, B. F.— (Send for Circular).
Bounty on Rats.
Special Dirpatch to The Call. .
ASTORIA, Or., March 19.— The City
Council to-night passed an ordinance of
fering a bounty of 5 cents on rats, xs a
precautionary measure against the spread
of bubonic plague. The law was enacted
at the cugeestlon of Dr. August Klnney.
a noteJ bacteriologist. The bounty will
bft offered for thirty days. The health
laws were also amended ao as to give the
city health authorities power lo copf with
the scourge should It appear here.
Parker Captured.
CARSON. • Nev., March 19.— Deputy
Sheriff Hasten of Vlsalla captured John
Parker near Bridgeport, Cal., yesterday.
Parker Is wanted for burglary. He was
tried twice for the offense and the Jury
disagreed. He was out on $1000 bonds,
which he jumped. A reward was offered
by the county and^bondsmen for his cap
ture. _,¦-.'
Suicide of a Judge.
BELLEVILLE. 111., March 19.— Judge
Conrad D. Hausmann committed suicide
at the Tlemann Hotel here to-day by tak
ing morphine. Judge Hausmann was a
county official for twenty-seven years. He
died poor, despite that during the Civil
War he made $200,000 selling goods to sut
lers in the army. Family troubles caused
his suicide.
Probing Alleged Swindlers.
LOS ANGELES, March 19.— The City
Council to-day took official cognizance of
the report. of the Grand. Jury's alleging
conspiracy to defraud and corruption In
the management of the Fire Department
and the Finance Committee was Instruct
ed to at once institute a full and search-
Ing Investigation that the guilty parties
may be located and properly punished.
Death of a Pioneer.
NEW YORK, March 19.— John Gault, a
California forty-niner, died to-day in this
city. " " _ ¦
VII. S. BALL.
jtifT. An elderly and retired ihyslclan. Dr. S.
Ilall cf Marlon, Ala., is one of the hundreds
attracted to this cenerous announcement, and
as a ie«ult he is now completely cured of a
bad rupture which was very hard to holdj Al-
though 77 years of aire be had the courage and
determination to try this new and novel method
and now he lives in peace, contentment and
security. 1 »r. Hall looks back tn the old days
of crude methods and in- comparison halls the
wonderful method of Dr. Hioe as a marvelous
God-send to the present generations. By all
means write at once to Dr. W. R Rice, 418
S. Main et.. Adams, X. V.. and he will send
you a free trial of his remarkable home cure
for rupture. There Is no pain, danger, opera-
tion or an hour* lons of time, and by rtartinr
cow you will be sound and well by early spring.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS.
Ladies Play Opening Round of the
Competition for Council's Cup,
The opening round of the competition
for the council's cup for women of the
Charged With Murder.
Louie Poy. the Chinese native son, who
was arrested Friday by Sergeant Shea and
Policeman David Murphy, was yesterday
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
murder. Wong Sing, who pointed him out
to the police, swore to the complaint yes
terday. He Is accused of being one of the
six men who shot and killed Pon Kue anJ
Low Shun and wounded Leong Chew In
front of the butcher shop at 635 Jackson
street on March 5. The statement that
Wong Sing was an ex-convict has been
disproved.
JAMES O'CONNELI, President
of the International Associ
ation of Machinists.
try to confer with their men before Issu
ing orders to go out. Cleveland, Phila
delphia and Paterson, N. J., where the
men are said to be becoming restless
under the delay In the strike order, will
be visited as soon as possible.
As estimated by President O'Connell,
185,000 machinists will be affected by a
national strikt. In the New England
States there are £0,000 men working at the
trade, and It is expected this section of
the country will be the battleground. The
leaders say the strike will extend only to
the factories and shops which manufac
ture mining, pumping, electric and print-
Ing machinery.
Railroad shops will not ba Included at
present, nor will large corpoßUlons, such
as the steel companies and tie harvester
and reaper works, the plow factories, the
bicycle factories, and possibly ship
building. In many of the cities where
strikes are threatened there are firms
which have contracts with the unions, and
these will be lived up to whether or not
strikes are called. .•
For strike benefits and other expenses
of a great strike the International Asso
ciation of Machinists has a fund of $15,000,
which has always been kept in reserve In
the national treasury for emergency use.
and a reserve fund of 4100,000 In the
various local treasuries. For strike bene
fits the constitution provides that single
men are to be paid $4 a week, and married
men and single men with others depend
ent upon them for support $6 a week.
Complaint Amended.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, March 19.— The case of J.
H. Davis, charged with violating the antl
poolroom ordinance, came up before Judge
Ruggles this morning. R. Clark appeared
for the defendant, and a plea of not
guilty was entered. The defense inter
posed a demurrer, and Assistant District
Attorney Bruton was willing it should be
sustained, as he wanted to amend the
complaint. The. new complaint was tiled
and another warrant issued. The amend
ment consists of an ¦ allegation that , the
pools were not : sold on an Inclosed ¦ race
track. The date of arraignment and trial
was fixed for Friday, . March 23. ; Frank
Daroux was an Interested auditor of the
proceedings. .'.'•"¦'.
Herman Taubeneck Dead.
SEATTLE, March 19.— Herman E.,Tau
beneck,-well known as former chairman
of the National Committee of the People's
party, died in this city to-day. Hu came
here from the East about two months ago
In delicate health and has since been rest-
Ing quietly at the home of his brother.
Ignoring all publicity. The body, will be
snipped to his old home in Illinois. -
Platt Arrested.
STOCKTON, March 19.--James Plait;
alias McCarthy, a soldier 'wanted In San
Francisco for :•- robbing another soidler,
was arrested here shortly before noon to
day.. ¦ . ¦;.: ¦ "•¦../-¦ . ¦ ¦?
Olympic Club Meeting.
The special meeting called last night by
the directors of the Olympic Club with a
view to amending the by-laws was
brought to a quick conclusion by President
William Greer Harrison, who offered a
resolution which empowered him to ap
point five members to formulate a new set
of by-laws within thirty days and report
back to the club for ratification. The
resolution was unanimously adopted and
President Harrison appointed Kenneth
Melrose, Dr. Dean. F. E. Beck. Judge E.
A. Belcher and Frank Madison.
State Textbook System.
The statement recently made by Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the Uni
versity of California that he believes the
State school textbook system Is wrong
is eorrobomted by Superintendent Web
ster and every member of the Board of
Education. Surwrintendent Webster, in
discussing the subject yesterday, said that
he did not think that Mr. Wheeler meant
that he would rather have back the old
competition among rival book concerns
to supply publications to the public
school* with all the evils of lobbying than
have things po on as they are. Mr. Web
ster thinks that if it be deemed better
that the books should be purchased from
publishing houses rather than from the
State Printing Office It should be the duty
of the. JState Board of Education to let
the contracts and then eliminate the local
textbook fights and consequent scandals.
Mr. Webster Is of the Arm conviction that
the books thus adopted would serve the
purpose Involved in the education of chil
dren far better than the system of State
textbooks now In vogue.
The Note Outlawed.
A demurrer to the complaint in the case
of Father P. J. Grey against Archbishop
Riordan. by which the plaintiff seeks to
recover $37,900 on a promissory note Issued
by Archbishop J. S. Alemany May 1, 1885.
was sustained by Judge Seawell yesterday
and the plaintiff was given liberty to
amend. In his opinion Judge Seawell holds
that the note was payable on demand,
and as demand for the payment of tho
same was made over ten years ago the
plaintiff is barred from prosecuting his
action under section 337 of the Code of
Civil Procedure.
Solution of Problem of Life.
The fifth and concluding lecture of the
Y. M. I. lecture course will be delivered
In Metropolitan Hall next Monday even
ing, on which occasion Rev. Joseph Sasla,
S J., will speak on Catholicism and hu
man destiny, taking for his subject "The
True Solution of the Greatest Problem of
Life." The recognized ability of the lec
turer gives assurance of a treatment of
the subject that will be profitable and
entertaining as well. Complimentary
tickets may be had at the rooms of the
Young Men's Institute, 24 Fourth street.
A short musical programme will precede
the lecture.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
Berkeley. March 19.— William H.
Crocker has given $1000 to the uni
versity to defray the expenses of
the expedition by members of the Lick
Observatory staff to Northern Georgia
next May to observe the total eclipse of
the sun.
A valuable collection of autograph let
ters concerning the early history of the
university was brought back from the
East by President Wheeler. The book In
which these letters have been bound was
presented by President D. C. Gllman of
Johns Hopkins University.
Dr. E. C. Moore lectured on "The Place
of Education in Reform" before the San
Frar.clsco Teachers' Club in the Mercan
tile Library building, San Francisco, this
evening.
Mrs. Benjamin Ide Wheeler will not, as
usual receive to-morrow afternoon.
Hon. Whltelaw Reid will deliver the
charter day address next Friday. His
subject will be "The National Problems."
Lieutenant H. Rubottom. a former stu
dent of the university and now stationed
In Arizona, has been exonerated from all
blame of a charge of having too vigor
ously put down a riot some months ago.
MAILED A PACKAGE
OF POISONED CANDY
Viola Horlocker on Trial for the
Murder of Her Employer's
Wife.
HASTINGS. Nebr., March 19.— The trial
of Viola Horlocker on the charge of send
ing a package of poisoned candy to Mrs.
C. F. Morey on April 10, 1899, was taken up
In the District Court to-day. The defend
ant sat In the courtroom, her face con
cealed by a veil, during the proceedings.
When the case was called the defense
asked for a continuance. This was re
fused by the presiding Judge, who. stated
that the hearing had been postponed
twice for the defense. Tho attorneys for
the defendant then withdrew the plea of
"not guilty," provisionally made, and
moved to quash the Indictment on the
ground that it did not allege a crime. The
attorneys put in most of the afternoon ar
guing this motion.
BECOMES A TRUSTEE OF •
AMERICAN UNIVERSITY
President McKinley Gives a Thou
sand Dollars to the Protestant
Institution.
MILLVILLE, N. J., March 19.— "1f T
can take an active part in the erection
and growth of the American University I
will accept," was President McKlnley's
reply to Bishop Hurst when he was ask-nl
to act as one of the trustees of the new
Protestant university being erected In
Washington. "I cannot give much he
told the Bishop, as he handed over a check
for $1000, "but I'll do all I can."
"President, what are you going to do
when you are through with the busmes*
of government here?" the Bishop asked;
"for we have already reserved for you a
chair on International law in our college?
President McKinley refused to state
what he would do. but left the Impression
that he would accept.
"President McKinley," said Bishop
Hurst to-day. "Is heartily In sympathy
with our new university, and, as signified
by his gift, will do all he can to help us.
MURDER COMMITTED
BY A VEILED WOMAN
Miss Annie Strother, Cashier of a
Chicago Restaurant, Shot to
Death.
CHICAGO, March 19.— Miss Annie
Strother, cashier in a restaurant at 150
Twenty-second street, was shot and in
stantly killed to-night by a well-dressed,
heavily veiled woman. The strange wom
an came In the front door and,, walking
to the cashier's desk, fired four shots
point blank at Miss Strother and escaped.
No other person except the cashier was In
the front part of the restaurant at the
time. . • ,
Charles Smith, proprietor of a saloon
across the street, has been arrested. The
police declare that he was attentive to
the cashier and that his wife was jealous.
Mlt>s Strother came to Chicago a year ago
from St. Louis.
School of Hypnotism.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 19.— 1n addition to its
many educational advantages the people
of San Jose are to have an opportunity of
studying hypnotism and all branches of
occultism. The Great Western Institute of
Science was incorporated here to-day by
articles being tiled with the County Clerk.
Its main object is to give Instructions In
hypnotism and occultism. ' Its promoters
declare It is the only institution of Its
kind In the West. It is capitalized at $50,
000, divided intp 5000 shares. The directors
for the first year are: W. D. Mitchell, C.
M. Havlland. M. D.: F. T. Mclntyre, G. F.
Carroll and J. L. Woods.
Autopsy on Cass.
SANTA CRUZ, March 19.— An autopsy
to-day revealed the fact that Frank Cass,
who was killed yesterday in a glove con
test, was struck behind the right 'ear
and his neck was dislocated. There was
also a bad bruise on the left eye and one
on the body. The Coroner's inquest will
be held to-morrow. It is not likely that
Albert Whldden, who struck the blow,
will be prosecuted.
Mrs. Brauhard Released.
SACRAMENTO, March 19.— ShcrliY
Frank J. Johnson to-day released Mrs.
Brauhard,^ Charles Maxwell, alias rjrau
hard and George Odell, held for complic
ity in the Watts murder. He issatJsiled
Brauhard can prove an alibi, and has
never been able to ' connect Mrs. * Brau
hard with the case. He now believes rob
bery to have been the motive and ;Weet
lake alone to be guilty.
Los Angeles Velodrome for Bryan.
LOS ANGELES, March 19.— The ; people
interested In the Bryan meeting to be held
here on April 10 have secured the use of
the Velodrome, 'where bicycle races : are
held. The place will seat 14,000 people.
PREPARING ORDERS FOR
STRIKE OF MACHINISTS
Will Only Affect Factories and Shops
Manufacturing Mining, Electri
cal and Printing Machinery.
CHICAGO, March 19.— Representatives
of the International Association of Ma
chinists said to-day that local .conditions
in the various cities where the machin
ists are dissatisfied will govern the call
ing of a general strike. The president,
O'Connell, and his five assistants left to
night for the principal centers of indus-
M'GIFFERT LEAVES THE
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Charged With Heresy, He Asks That
His Name Be Stricken From
the Rolls.
NEW YORK. March 19.— Professor Ar
thur C. McGlffert of ¦ Union Theological
Seminary, long under charges of heresy,
has withdrawn from the Presbyterian
church. He mailed a letter to-day to
Moderator Duffleld of the New York Pres
bytery, asking that his name bo stricken
from the rolls. It was said to-night that
Dr. McGlffert's reasons for sending the
withdrawal three weeks before the next
meeting of the Presbytery was to notify
his friends, and his enemies as well, of his
decision, and thus save annoyance in the
selection of commissioners to the General
Assembly.
It is the Intention of Dr. McGlffert to
loin the Congregational church. It may
be a year or more, however, before he
applies for' admission into any religious
body. His position at Union Seminary will
not be affected.
JOHN A. BINGHAM'S
CAREER IS CLOSED
Death of a Leader in the National
Councils of the Republican
Party.
CADIZ, 0., March 19.— Hon. John A.
Bingham died at his home in Cadiz this
morning, aged S5 years. He had been In
ill health for some time, as the result of
old age and his death was not unexpect
ed. Two daughters survive him.
Judge Bingham was a noted orator. He
served eight terms in Congress from the
Sixteenth Ohio District, and was Minister
to Japan from 1872 to 18S5. He was a
member of the House which brought Im
peachment proceedings against President
Johnson, and as Judge Advocate sentenc
ed Mrs. Surratt for conspiracy in the
murder of Lincoln. He was the author of
the first section of the fourteenth amend
ment to the constitution. During his pub
lic career he was a leader in the national
councils of the Republican party and was
a close friend of Lincoln and Stanton. He
was voted a pension by Congress in rec
ognition of his distinguished service to
the country.
.. m
GAS COMPANY MUST PAY.
Judge Budd Hands Down a Decision
in the Taxation Suit.
STOCKTON, March 19.— Judge Budd of
the Superior Court handed down a decision
this morning In the suit of the Stockton
Gas and Electric Company against the
county of San Joaquln to recover $1400
paid under protest on Its franchise, upon
which Assessor Ortman had placed a valu«j
of $115,000.
The decision In effect Is that the fran
chise Is assessable In this county, where
the company 1b granted special privilege.
The contention of the company was that
the principal place of business of the cor
poration being in San Francisco, the fran
chise was assessable there only. In San
Francisco the franchise la assessed for but
Blew Open a Safe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RAYMOND. March 19.— A daring at-,
tempt at robbery was made here last
night; The postofflce, which is located in
the general merchandise store, was en
tered from a side window. After ran
sacking a small cash drawer the robbers
turned their attention to the safe. A hole
twelve inches In length was bored over
the combination, filled with powder and
the charge exploded. The robbers were
evidently scared by the noise, as "they ran
away, leaving all their tools. Postmaster
Shaw, when Interviewed by a Call re
porter, said the recent heavy payroll at
the granite quarry was probably the In
ducement for the attempt, as the would-be
robbers evidently thought numerous
money, orders had been issued. Sheriff
Thurman arrived from Matlera this after
noon and is- working on a clew. ,
Died of Apoplexy.
I.OS ANGELES. March 19.— Louis Po
laski, a retired merchant and pioneer of
this city, was stricken with apoplexy this
evening at the home of his son. Isadore
Polaski, and died a few minutes later.
He was 72 years old. Mr. Polaski was a
native of Poland. He settled in Los An
geles in 1864. and up to a -few years ago
carried on a general merchandise business
in which he amassed a considerable . for
tune. i He was well known in mercantile
circles on the coast.
Bingham Pleads Guilty.
SAN BERNARDINO. March 19.— H. H.
Bingham, , ex-Deputy Sheriff, : indicted for
forgery and embezzling funds while In of
fice, pleaded guilty this afternoon and was
sentenced to three years in San Quentin.
Raining at Santa Ana.
SANTA ANA . March 19.— Rain -: began
falling ; here ; shortly before noon , and . the
indications are for a Rood downpour. It
Is raining in the mountains east of here.
SHEEP MUST KEEP
OFF FOREST RESERVES
General Land Office Issues Orders for
the Prosecution of Violators
of the Law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, March 19.— That the Govern
ment is determined to adopt rigid meas
ures for the preservation of the Califor
nia forest reserves Is shown by the fol
lowing letter from the Interior Depart
ment to Forest Superintendent Charles S.
Newhall:
The act of June 4. 1597 (30 Stat., J3). provides
that "The Secretary of the Interior shall make
provisions for the protection against dextruc
tion by tire anil depredations upon public for»sts
and forest reservations • • • and he may
make such rules and regulations and establish
•men service as will insure the objects of such
reservations, namely, to regulate their occu
pancy and use and to preserve the forests there
on from destruction; and any violation of the
provisions of this act or such rules and refla
tions shall be punished as is provided fi*r in
the act of June 4. lSSS._amendln{j section 5358 of
the Revised Statutes of the United States."
Under the authority and direction-* cf the
said act of June 4. 1897. the honorable Secretary
of the Interior approved rules and regulations
prohibiting sheep in the Sierra and other reser
vations.
By letter to you dated February 13. 1309. you
were instructed that these rules must be en
forced. You save due notice of that ordi>r to
all sheppowners In the vicinity of the 81»rra
Forest Ueserve and other reserves, and .caTi4t*l
to be published an opinion by the Attorney Ojn
eral of the United States that a criminal pr.ise
cution would lie to punish a person who grazes
sheep in a forest reservation In violation of tho
rules and the law.
Yoj art- now advised that durlnjt the ccmli.tt
season the most vigorous prosecution, both by
criminal and civil action, will be enforced
afrainst all violators of the rules. You will
make systematic preparation to promptly report
all violations, or attempted violations, of the
rules prohibiting sheep in the reserves. You ar<*
also directed to name the number of ransrem
necessary to enforce exclusion. It is the Inten
tion of this department to see that the laws
and the rules are obeyed, and to take the nec
essary measures to have them enforced. Very
respectfully, BINGER HERMANN,
Commissioner.
M. J. CHURCH DYING.
Was the Hero of the Famous "No
Fence" Troubles.
FRESNO, March 19.— M. J. Church, the
father of irrigation in this county. Is re
ported to be at death's door at Church's
Springs, in Calaveras County. He is over
80 years of age, and the news of his death
is expected momentarily by his many rel
atives here.
Mr. Church was prominent In the early
days In the settlement and development
of the county, his name being almost a
household word. In those days he was
the hero of the historic "No Fence"
troubles. ¦ .
Election at Marysville.
MARYS VILLE, March 19.— The city
election to-day resulted in the choice of
C. S. Brooks as Mayor: J. Maben, Mar
shal;-W. G. Swain, Treasurer; F. E.
Smith, Clerk; Councilmen— J. C. Baldwin,
J N Steward, G. H. Hamerly and P. J.
Dlvver; Levee Commissioners— W. T. El
lis Jr.. W. T. Ellis Sr. and J. G. White;
School Commissioners— J. E. Boorman, D.
Powell and H. B. P. Carden. The Demo
crats and Republicans fused on Mayor.
Marshal. Clerk. Treasurer. Levee and
School Commissioners.
Named in Honor of "Old Rosy."
WASHINGTON. March 19.— The steamer
Columbia, recently purchased by the Gov
ernment for the Pacific transport service,
has been renamed the Rosecrans, in honor
of the late General Rosecrans. The ves
sel is to be used during the summer to
transport supplies for the troops in Alaska
and material for the erection of fram*
post buildings in that Territory. Whtn
that work Is concluded she will be put
in the Philippine service.
OCEAN TRAVEL-
HOW AN EGG HELPED
TO DETECT A BURGLAR
Story of the Arrest of Thomas Wil
liams Told in Judge Ca
baniss' Court.
Thomas Williams was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Cabaniss on a charge of burglary in
$2000 bonds, and he owed his arrest to the
sagacity displayed by a woman in drop
ping an egg on the sidewalk from tne
window of her room to attract the atten
tion of a hackman.
Williams early on the morning of March
13 went into the lodging-house at &Vs
Kearny street and tried to enter several
of the rooms. Mrs. Holmes, the landlady,
was awakened by Williams trying her
door, and suspecting that a burglar was
In the house she procured an egg and
dropped it out of her third-story window
in the hope that it would attract tho at
tention or the hackman on the corner. It
did.
The hackman. divining that something
was wrong, notified Policemen Silver and
T. C. Murphy, and when they reached th*
place they discovered Williams in the of
fice of a manufacturing Jeweler In tho
building, he having obtained entrance by
forcing open the door.
cess of the show. In the rings were George
W. Reed. H. A. Melvin, A. P. Leach and
George E. de Golla. Clay H. Hawbaker
was chief announcer, and he won Ills
hearers with his eloquent description of
the attractions of the concert.
The peanut brigade, headed by W. H. J.
Mathews, kept the crowd busy parting
with its money for their canvas covered
popcorn, chewing gum and real circus
lemonade. There was a real sideshow and
menagerie, with even a baby elephant for
the little folks to enjoy.
The concert programme won a thousand
people and more to drop their dimes into
the Elks' fund. There was a combined
orchestral programme under Louis Ho
mler's leadership, and the Elkfc quartet,
Dick Walsh and Adele Legon, T. Valerga.
Frank W. Thompson, D. Mansfield, Eagan
and McNulty, C. H. Johnson and Louis
Hlnz Interpreted a varied lot of solos,
monologues, club swinging, acrobatic
numbers and the like.
There will be matjnees Tuesday and
Wednesday, besides the evening shows.
On Wednesday evening San Francisco
Lodge of Elks No. 3 will attend the cir
cus in a body, while many Elks from
Stockton, San Jose and other nearby
cities are visiting town to enjoy the circus.
Brass Band of the v Oakland Elks.
Photo by Dorsas.
OAKLAND, March 19.— The Elks'
Circus is a success. | The big tent
at Twelfth and Madison streets was
packed to-night and the ticket sell
ers had to close their boxes early in the
evening, turning away scores of people
who sought admission. Hundreds stood
for hours inside the tent and the enter
tainment fully rewarded the thousands
that were crowded Into every available
corner. The feature of the audience was
the large number of society people who
graced the big show. The success of the
circus was complete. Every promise of
the flaming posters got out by the ad
vance agents was redeemed. The Elks
were out in force and working in every
capacity about the tents. From the
grand entry to the last note of the concert
players this show ran smoothly, without
a delay or hitch.
The day opened with a big street pa
rade, the Elks furnishing their celebrated
country band, led by Charles J. Heese
man, who was assisted by Dr. H. B. Mehr
mann, Alex. Rosborough, Charles Hart,
Charles Learn, Frank H. Ayers, W. S.
Cllft and other local musicians who never
blew a note before.
This afternoon Norrls & Rowe gave
their big trained animal show and to-
GARDEN CITY WHEELMEN
SEEKING A RELAY RACE
The Garden City Wheelmen of San Jose
are anxious to again put their fortunes
to the test in a 100-mile relay race over
the California Associated Cyclers' course
around the bay. They insist on an un
paced event as being the truest test of
the abilities of the riders. The matter of
outside assistance to the couriers has been
bitterly debated in the past and has
stirred up much unpleasantness. The
Garden City men ¦want the ten men form
ing each team to rely on their own exer
tions and not accept a helping hand from
any one. The race has attained such a
place in cycling history that It would be
a pity to allow It to lapse for a single
year.
H. Austin Goddard. well known to San
Francisco racing men, who was the first
representative of the bicycle trust to be
sent to Australia, is being received with
high honors by the wheelmen of the anti
podes. He is being banqueted right and
left, and has made a hit with the riders
and trade there.
SIOK HEASACHE
•Positively coxed toy tbeie
.Little Pills.
Tfce7 also rt'Jeve Distress from Dyspepa&C
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet rcm*d7 for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste tn the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID UYER. They
Regulate the Bowda. Purely Vegetable. .
Small PHI. Small Dose*
! 6 ma!l Pr.ce»'
SUSPICIOUS CASES ARE
WATCHED IN CHINATOWN
Two suspicious deaths were reported to
the Board of Health yesterday afternoon
and the bodies were at once turned over
to the autopsy physician tq ascertain the
cause of death. The board also paid a
visit to Chinatown, where the deaths oc
curred, and late last night met in special
session to discuss the necessity of taking
extra precautionary' measures pending the
result of the autopsy.
It was decided to request Chief of Po
lice Sullivan to prevent swill and garbage
of any description from being removed
from Chinatown until further notice. Ths
Chief issued orders In accordance with
the request, and the Chinese quarter is
being closely watched.
While it Is by no means certain that
there is any danger to Be apprehended, it
is deemed the part of wisdom to use every
precaution to prevent any spread .of a
possible Infectious disease.
ELKS' CIRCUS DRAWS CROWDS
UNDER THE TENTS AT OAKLAND
San Francisco Golf Club was played yes
terday on the Presidio links. The eight
ladles entitled to play were matched as
follows: Miss A. C. Hoffman vs. Miss
Vary bcott. Miss Maud CTConnor vs. Miss
Caro Crockett, Mrs. R. G. Brown vs. Miss
>Jaud MMllins and Miss E. W. Morgan vs.
Miss Edith Chesebrough. The round
was over eighteen holes, match play, and
resulted as follows:
Miss Alice Colden Hoffman beat Mls3
Mary Scott, Miss Maud O'Connor beat
ikllsss Caro Crockett, Mrs. R. G. Brown
being absent Miss Maud Mulllns won by
default, and Miss E. W. Morgan, in the
absence of her opponent, drew a bye.
On Wednesday the second round will be
Played. Mias A. C. Hoffman being matched
apainst Miss Maud O'Connor and Miss
Maud Mullins against Miss Ella W. Mor
gan.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; MARCH 20, 1900.
WHEELER ASKS
RAILROAD FOR
STUDENT TRAIN
A Through Express to Run
From the Mole to Berke
ley Twice a Day.
Too Many Small Stations Accom
modated and East Berkeley
People Belayed, Says the
President.
c
BERKELEY, March IS.-Presidem
VS heeler of the University of California
Has asked the Southern Pacific Company
to run special accommodation trains from
the mole to Beikeley each morning and
evening for the students of the university.
It 18 proposed that two through trains, at
7:80 and S:3O o"clock In the morning, and
two evening trains be put on for the ex
clusive uae of the students.
President Wheeler consulted with a
number of prominent Berkleyans regard
ing the proposed arrangements and met
with considerable encouragement. He
then called upon the head of the Alanieda
division and »et the entire matter befura
him. A letter was received by Dr. Wheel
er to-day stating that at present the sug
gestions made by him could not be ful
filled. A larger equipment will be neefcs-
Bary and a new time schedule made. Pres
ident Wheeler was promised, however,
that some concession will be made. The
student trains may not stop at any station
before Golden Gate, the other stations be
ing covered by the West Berkeley local.
"The train service is very inadequate
at present," said Dr. Wheeler, "for the
large number of men and women stud
ents v.-ho live in San Francaco and are
compelled to cross the bay each day.
The trains now stop at every little sta
tion on the road, whether there are pass
engers for it or not. The students are
consequently delayed reaching recita
tions.
"We appreciate that the railroad will
be at considerable expense and may not
do anything for some time. I have re
ceived a v«ry courteous letter, however,
stating that as soun as some arrange
ments can be made the accommodation
\rtll be made.
"The railroad people have made the
concession that the East Berkeley local
do not stop at any station until it
reaches Golden Gate. The West Berkeley
local will accommodate passengers be
tween the mole and Golden Gate. That,
of course, is some advantage and may
be accepted by us.
"Arrangements cannot be perfected for
a student express at present, owing to
the limited number of tracks at the mole.
If our express were put on it would have
to be placed ahead of the local In order
to get started first. The local would then
be filled first, so that will not do.
"As soon as equipment can be secured
and trac«i facilities arranged I have no
doubt that a student express will be run."
idgpAßTlKs"
V!EHY 'S HEALTHFULI f
*A Natoial Miasral Water %
with medicinal quatltlos, O
Tot Indigestion and 9
Stomach Disordara. o
So-cnlled VICHY I
IN SIPHONS £
is not VICHY*
f-r^pjj^ Get the Genuins J
' SW^B^BSSSjBSSSSSJSVf^MMBiVV* O
A. VIGNIER, Distributing Agrsnt »
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Elce, the Weil-Known
Authority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
There are people who have been torturing
themnelves for years with trusses. Its Is hoped
ti»»lr attention will he drawn to Dr. Rice's free
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
a Steamers leave Broadway
fc^ wharf, San Francisco:
V^n , For Alankan r»rt». 10 a. m..
BK»k. Mar. 17. !2. 27. Apr. 1. Chamr*
Bg»"*JBta BB | k to company' 3 steamers at
I«^2JKm£l ' For Victoria. Vancouver (B-
flKgCtWttl C). Port Townsrnd. Seattle.
r^^Bs??B~«i Tacoma Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatoom (Wash.).
1» a. m.. Mar. 17. 22. 27. Apr.
1. and every fifth day thereafter: change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to >.. P. Ry.. «
Vancouver to C. P. R7- ¦. . . ,- _
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). J p. tn.. Mar.
20, 25. 30, Apr. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlot.i,
Santa Barbara Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles), and Newport. »
am.; Mar: 16. 20. 24. 23. April 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfpra
("an Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port Los
Acgeles and Redondo <Loe Angeles). U a. m..
Mar. 13. 22. 26. 30. April ». and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa». Santa Rosalia
and Gusymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Mar. 8. and ttU
of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain companjrs
The" company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OKFIOK-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco*
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST BTEAMSR9 TO
r> O R, T L -A.3ST ID
From Sp-ar-street Wharf at 10 a, m.
CADE £12 First Class Including Bertßi
lAnt S3 Second Class and ileaia.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
March 24. Ajhll 3
COLUMBIA calls March 19. 23. April S
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all potnts East
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market it.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents. •• : . ¦--.
AMERICAN LINE.
' HI TO3K. 80UTHAHPT0S. LOUDOS. MSX&
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Kensington ...March 21 St. Louis April It
New Tork March a New Tork April 19
St. Paul April 4 St. Paul April 2S
RED STAJ* LIME.
tNeW Yjsrl^ cod Antwerp.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Kensington ...March ilf Southwark April 11
Noordland ....March 2S Westernland ...April 1?
Frelslaad April 4 Kensington ....April 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcrjael. Damon City.
For full Information regarding freight sod
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
SO Montgomery st, or aay of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.;
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m .
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe <Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dla, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March Jt
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 25
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May 13
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. 11. AVERT. General Agent
The s - 9 - Arises*
talU via Honolulu ana
It i.'«l fc Auckland for Sjin^y
¦ ¦cS lk« ™> «*. Wednesday. MarcH x£
Favorite 11b* around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Sues,
England, etc.; ftlO first class.
I. 0. Sf*tCK£LS & tt.HuS.CO.. Agts.. '14 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Market St
COMPAO.HIE GENERALS TSANSATLASTIQC3.
DIRECT LINE to .HAVRE-PARIS. _ f-rn-.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of CSJIXS
Saturday, from November J. 1599. at ***- MS *"
10 a m . from Plsr 41. North River, foot of
Morton »t.: La GASCOGNE. March X: LA
TOU RAISE. March »; LA BRETAGNE. April
5- L'AQUITAINE, April 12. Flrst-€lass to
Havre, J3O and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trie Second class to Havre. J45; 5
per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATE 3 AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI *.CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. S Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
New Use for Wireless Telegraphy.
Wireless ¦ telegraphy has had a new demon
stration of usefulness by the captain of a
lightship? who used it after ordinary signals
had failed, to notify the shore authorities of
danger. la a like manner Hoststter's Stom
ach Bitters, the famous dyspepsia cure, acts
when all other mediclnea (all. Its superiority
Is quickly felt in the renewal, of strength.' It
regulates the bowels. Improves the appetite,
and cures indigestion. Try it. -
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW TORK— PARIS— LOXDO.NVHAMEURO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW TORK— LONDON— PARIS-HAMBURG.
Also New York-Hamburg Direct.
For salting;, etc.. apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. 37 B"dw*y. NT.
PARI3 HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co."s passengers on application.
HERZOO & CO., Oen. Ants, for Pacific Coast.
401 California st.. cor. Sansome. 3. P.
I BEEGMAM'S
2 EiQfl ft €? tnako Ufa
7 MrBBLBm& worth living
% cure Billow aod Nervous Disorders.
(4 IO rents nnd 85 cents, nt dns •tore*.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "Monticello.**
MON., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:iS
a m.: 3:15. B:*> P. ««• («. Thura. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:JO: Sundays. 10: JO a. m., i
p. m. Landing; and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main ISGS.
FARE ¦ Kta
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.A FINE stationery, candy and notion " store,
worth $500, to exchange for house and lot,
• «r will pay diflerence. Box Sll5. CaU office.
WANTED— Steady , work by . a first-class 5 car-
penter and picture framer; will .work cheap;
city or country. Box 3116, Call of nee, ~
k MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A portable double circular saw-
mill, capacity 10,000 feet, new or second hand
and <» 30 horsepower portable engine. B C.
GANSNER. Qulncy. Plumas County. Cal.
ASTONISHING prices for ladies' and gents'
cast-off clothing, etc.; don't sell until you
learn my offer. Postal. M. Nathan. 10 Sumner.
¦^/^.TED-J. bears: any age or color. Address
L. - SEEUGER. 3318 Mission. San Francisco!
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny gt.. nr. Pine.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California st.
10,000 FEET new rubber belting, half prlo»-
ROBT. BRAND & CO., 527 Third St.. Oakland.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES, new and second hand, all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers; plated
almost new: cheap. 1915 Mission st.. near 15th.
ONE 4-slded sticker: ' 1 planer and matcher: X
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont. -
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planes, lathes,
Iron & wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call
1 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
A— tm;C: FIRST-CLAPS raying corner grocery
an 4 bar on Turk et.; place established many
year*: stock all fresh; good horse and warsn;
C living rooms; rent $iO. Call R. G. WILK.K.
»06 Market gt.
S2so— t FLATS of « rooms, b-autifully fur-
nished: Funny and central. Apply to J E.
SLINKCY A CO.. RE. cor. Cth and Market.
CM IF «o!d to-day; the best saloon bargain ever
offerea. Particulars from J. E. SLINKEY &
CO., SE. corner Market and Fifth sts
AUTOMATIC sewing machine: oak woodwork:
latest attachments; cheap. 143 Sixth st.
BTEAM launch; compound engine and Ward
boiler, pump, etc.; complete. 516 Mission at.
DENTAL chair (Morrison's): complete; good
order. Apply r. 35, 1115 Broadway, Oakland.
THE Business Woman's Club (Incorporated),
phone 279. rooms 201-202-203. 927 1 Market st—
Reliable office girl at : once, salary $20; girt,
general housework, at once. $15; young nurse-
girl; good home, wages $20;. girl for general
housework, care of " child, desirable | home,
¦ wages' sl2: English, Swede : or German girl,
general housework ; cook, no ' laundry work,
wages $20; young girl, ladles', tailor, must
" dress neatly; cook, private boarding house,
first-class. $40. - .: : • .
WANTED— A bright, active young man for a
gents' furnishing goods department. Apply
523 Market St., room 7, between 2 and 3 p. m.
RESPECTABLE woman, with girl 5 years old.
wants housework and cooking; Is trust-
worthy; references; no trlflers. Call -417
Tremont St., near Harrison. "
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 218 Spear st.
CASH registers, second hand, of every descrip-
tion bought, sold, exchanged and repaired.
1309 Mission St.. between Ninth and Tenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
A SECOND-HAND fire and burglar proof safe;
Wilshlre make. WHITE. 518 Mission st. •
COMPETENT woman wishes work by day; In-
good cook and laundress; no objection to
country. 948 Folsom. .
SIVX CORNER grocery store and bar. with 2
living rooms, kitchpn and cellar; tent $45;
place es-Uibli*!j"*d for 30 years; next to the
leading brewery of this city; a mint. Call
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market et.. rocm 8. •
A— tESO; COFFEE palocn and restaurant; 1 block
from corner Powell and Market sts.; rent $40;
dally receipts HO; 3 living rooms. Bee R. O.
WILKE i»O6 Market «t.
WANTED—
2d cook for mine $40
Gardener for private place near city, $26 and
board
20 farm hands for orchards and vineyards
near city, $25 and $26 and board.
Kitchen hand for institution, near city. $20
and found '.
WOODCHOPPERS
10 woodchoppers for good layout near city;
tools and provisions adv. ; cabins, stoves and
cooking utensils on grounds; $150 per cord.
Man to take contract on 500 cords, and others.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED — Driver for milk*route in city; ref-
erences required ; $35 per month and found.
W..D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
MOTHER and daughter, $25, as cook and sec-
ond; country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN A C0...... PH0NE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
hotel housekeeper, • $50; 2 waitresses, Fresno,
$20; 2 waitresses,, Hanford, $20; waitress,
Keswick, $20, fare here; waitress, Salinas,
$20; waitress, springs, $20; 8 waitresses, city,
$20; 2 chambermaids, first-class country hotel,
$20; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; woman
cook. $30; fancy ironer, $35; 2 fancy lroners.
Sacramento; pantryman, first-class, country
hotel, $25.
".......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ...........
Housegirl, small family. Napa, $25, and long
list of housework for city and country. Ap-
ply C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Scandinavian cook. $25; 2 cooks,
$30; 4 cooks, German style, $25, $30; Protestant
laundress and chambermaid, $30; laundress,
$25; cook, resort. $25; 3 restaurant cooks, $6,
$7 a week; hotel waitresses, $20, city and
country resorts, fare paid; chambermaids and
waitresses. $15, $20; German nurse, $25; 4
nurseprirls $15, $20; Scandinavian ranch cook,
$25; 50 housegirls, $20. $25,' city and 'country;
10 restaurant waitresses, $6, $7 a week. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and seamstress, $25; 4 second
glris, $25 and $20; nursegirl, $15: 2 cooks, $30
each; waitress, $20; housegirl, Santa Clara,
$25: San Mateo. , $20: woman to cook for 8
men, $25; second girl, same place, $15; board-
ing-house ctfok, $30; mother and daughter,
$45; cook fot small hotel, $20. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Batter St. - -
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing-. $1 per year.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
FCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchang-d.
Holmn J?iok Co.. 704 M!*s!orf rt.. n»ar Third.
LADY desire* child to board: large house; love-
ly grounds; gardener, maid kept: piano, pony;
terms low; suburbs. Address box 2736, Call
office. Oakland.
A— EXUNDRYMAN, country, $50; polisher and
starcher, country. $50; shirt lroner, city, $40;
washer, country, $30. C. R, HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
NEW & 23-liand wagons, busrles. carts & har-
ness, wk *: drlvlne hor»^s. 15th and Valencia.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, crammar, writing.
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ESPINA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED by married couple (desirable ten-
ants;— Large, eunny modern room, with small
apartment adjoicing for lightest of housekeep-
ing; brtakfaft only: private; east of Van Ness
aye. Box 3tefi. Call.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
¦ priv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission,
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. SC7 Market rt.. opp. Mason.
AGENTS WANTED
CIGAR Etore for sale. 311 Bush st.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from George H. Hedrick. in the Hed-
rtck travel mm*. near S«n Andreas, Cala-
vera« County, to (se;;osH tailings on a flat
below the mine; from William Weyman. In
the Weyman placer mine, near Pla.cervllle,
El Dorado County, to deposit tailines in a
reservoir below the mine; trom Hugh H.
Cram. in the Pigeon Cre«k m'ne, near Ply-
rne-Jtii. AmaSor Ccur.ty. to deposit tailings
in Indian Creek; from Henry Meyer, in the
Greenhorn mine, at Cherokee, Nevada County,
to deposit tailings in Phady Creek, and from
the Emery Gold Minlre Company, In th«
Emery hydraulic mine. n?ar Mountain Ranch,
CsJaveras County, to deposit tailings in Adob«
Gulch, gives notice that a n.eetinsr will be
held at room 69. Flood buililine. San Fran-
cisco. Ca!.. on Arril 2. !S>oo. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL mwtiag- Tb» annual meeting of the
rtockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the ofßce of the
company, 227 Market St.. San Francisco. OH.,
on MONDAY, the 2?th day cf March. ISOO. at
tht hoar of 12 m., for the purpose of electing
a. board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come befare the meeting. Trans-
fer bocks wfll close on Friday. March 18. 1900,
at 12 m. W. H. HANNAM, Secretary.
A LARGE NUMBER OF FINE BARGAINS
IN STEINWAY,
WEBER,
CHICKERINO.
HAINES BROS.,
BUSH & GERTS.
AND *OTHER. PIANOS.
The Hamilton-Bancroft Stock
Recently Purchased by Us.
It will pay you to call and see them.
UPRIGHTS $50 UPWARD.
SQUARES $25 UPWARD.
ORGANS $20 UPWARD.
BYRON MAUZY.
303 POST BT.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: cpen until 9 p. m^
TO salaried men, without collateral or lndorser:
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fllls teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
GIRLS WANTED.
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 36V4 Fremont st.; elevator.
ORIENTAL Lodse No. 144, F. and A. ft
M— Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) _^_
EVENING, at 7:Sfl o'clock. jC2£
A. S. KUBBARD. Secretary, /^r >
KOTICE — International liricklajers" Union No.
J of California m»>ets EVERY MONDAY In
The Temple. 117 Turk St.: hall open every
<lay twiwe^n S and I; all I. U. men invited:
charter open for 30 days: contractors or bulld-
trs wanting men inquire at hall.
W. D. PICKENS, President.
WILLIAM KLEIN. NICHOLAS DI.GAN,
WILLIAM J. BHEEDT, I. U. Committee.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER Sc CO.. 28 Montgomery.
GOING to Nome: will sell business; net $2500
year. Call 10 to 5, 315H O'Fairell st.
SITUATION wanted by young man at houae-
oleaning or other small Jobs by the day.
HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush st.
$JSO— PARTNER wanted; light, well-establish-
ed indoor business; will pay over $76 per
month each. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777*
Market street.
HIGHLY respectable privata place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry "low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.- Tel Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition, any amount; t per cent: first
second mortgages, estates in probate. taUirest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
moragages: confidential: adv««> '«?- 12 -
OLSEN room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
$150— PARTNER; meat market; receipts $800
month; .wagon; cash business. KREDO &
CO.. 12% Geary st.
y EMPLOYMENT WANTED— 3IALB.;
THE Business Woman's Club (incorporated),
phone South 279. This club desires to call
your attention to the fact that they can fur-
nish you with reliable male help for clerical
positions, domestics, etc. All help furnished
free of charee. t; Clubrooms 201, 202, 203
Emma SDreckels building, 927 Market it.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay get my terms before doing gusiness else-
where. R- McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
PACiriC Lodge No. I^6, F. and A. M.. Jl
121 Eddy et_. meets THIS (TUESDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at 7:?.f> o'clock. Second de- Jt 2T
tree. GEO. PEXLIXGTON. Sec. /7f >
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY with gro^Ti family wishes young child
to board; rood home; reasonable. Box 3164,
CaU office.
jrANTEDj-Second-hand upright piano for
cart. H. J* WHITHHEAJJ. MM Market it*
MMB. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25e up.. 6 Fourth St.
MME 6YBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 2Sc; ladles. 814 O'Farrell st.
GIRL,', 12 to 15 » years, as company, and help
;¦. with children ; - $5. *- 216 Hickory : aye. - ;- -- .
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole v makers
and apprentices. 509 Kearny St., -roonf 2. .
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
:13C7^Hyde-st. .-•¦•..-¦ .'-.»'- ¦• .-'-'- '. ".'/' ¦ .--.'.V~-
LADIES' tailoress wanted. DAVIS KUOFF,
1426 Polk st. ¦....•¦-.--¦- .. • ' - ' . -
YOUNG g<rl wanted to assist in general house-
, work. -1723 Po«t «t. -: ¦¦ .-:.-- ¦'
GIRL to assist housework. ". 96 Cumberland St.;
corr Dolores. ¦; bet. Nineteenth! and Twentieth.
WANTED^-Glrl for general housework; I small
i family. Apply 1100 Webster st.. cor. O'Farrell.
EXPERIENCED finisher on , custom ; pants;
steady work. 225 Fifth st. . . "... . -
SOBER and steady dishwasher. 8 Jackson st.
SOLICITORS to work from wagons in San Fran-
cisco, . Oakland. ; Haywards, etc. Apply 156
- ?FlftHßt -'- .•¦:¦*- -^¦'¦--•- r -'. '?-'-.'-¦'- -¦--.•-¦:: :V -
FIRST-CLASS, drummer wanted f or . a tailor
; store, w Address box 3099,'- Call office.
WANTED— First-class hand for counter and to
-•¦ take orders. " Grocer, ; box 3083, Call ofilce. V
4 J BARBER'S chairs,; hydraulic, I the latest
Koch. $50; >. will ; sell . 1 or •¦> 4 * together, , $30.
. 6T0LZ. , 630. Market st. . . ¦-.-. v
*-CH AIR hotel ' barber - shop, - : United ' States
.5' Hotel. * 127 > Eddy st. ; owner going north. * f r
TWO-CHAIR i 10c barber shop: . cheap; - $150.
.WILL ft FIN.CX, 21 O'Farrell st.
GOOD finisher wanted on custom coats iat
200V4 Turk st., near Jones. ¦'-'.'. :.'¦¦•
WANTED — Sewing and mending to do at home.
150 Fourth St., room 7... '.'_:-'
WANTED— A , girl to assist In housework;
wage 3 $10; call Tuesday morning. ' 2131 Bush.
GIRL to assist In housework. 2645 Sacramento
street.. ' ' \ y; .:'•'¦*.' ¦'¦' : ."¦'¦- V -;'i
YOUNG lady (trained nurse) would be glad to
hear of position to assist doctor. Address
box 3050, Call office.
GIRL to help with light housework. 2500 Mis-
sion St., corner. Twenty-first. • '. :
S3DOO WILL buy a good paying office and im-
porting business that will pay at the least
$<i) 00 per year if properly handled; reason for
soiling, have to leave the State on important
business; have COM worth of stock on hand
staple poods; 1-3 cash, the balance can be
paid out of the fcuisinfss to the right party
rrjust sell; Investigate and see for yourself
Address box 3121. Call ofiice. i«ura«i. j
EALOON on a prominent business street: fair
stock of liquors, clgurs, etc. ; good fixtures;
living rooms attached; r*-nt reasonable: good
value for price; doing good business; departure
cause Bale. L. H. COSPER, C*2 Market, r. 6.
A SALOON complete. $100; good location, with
rooms. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— CORNER grocery: first-class etock; must
go. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
FOR sole— First-class rroeery and saloon; good
business for any industrious person; located
Jn the Mlpslon: Felling on account cf wish-
ing ta retire. Address box 3120. Call.
FOR sale — Old-established grocery, and bar;
Rood tycatton; long lease: good opportunity
for one or two young men; no agents. Ad-
<*ri»*B box 5122, Call office. '
PARTNER to travel In Rhow business; clear-
ing JSM a month; murt have $150; no experi-
<r.ca required. J. C. FELTON. 422 Minna et.,
after 3 j>. m. -
FOR sale— First-class grocery store: on Bveeount
of sickneF.B. Inquire at KUHLS. SCHARKE
& CO.'S, corner Sutter and Kearny.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks:
day and evening classes; special inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue,
and souvenir free; only Institution In the
world . teaching the barber and halrdresalng
trades. HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco, New York.
. Bt. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
SOO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
..price. 662 Mission at., bet. Ist and 2d sts. >
PRESSER— First-class; for ladies' tailor-made
gowns. Address box 3097. CalL
FIRST-CLASS tailors wanted on ladies' coats.
516 Sutter at.
WANTED— Experienced furniture and carpet
salesman; state age, former employer, how
long employed, how long Idle. Box 3063. Call.
COATMAKERS for the country. J. BAUM-
GARTEN St CO., 7 Montgomery St.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors at
SCHIMMEL & STOVER'S, 408 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailor; highest
wages. FRANCEB. 798 Sutter st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House Droprletor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 par week.
GET your shoes 1 half -soled while waiting; 25c
.to BOc. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. . 741 A Howard st.
LIN DELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
. Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
FURNISHED rooms, 75c, $1. $1 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN. 514 Fourth St.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD St CO.. Attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free.
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements, and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk gt.: open until 9 p. m.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sal©
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Hone Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
B0 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
.and 1625 Market at., bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams. .
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Switzer's
Horse Market, Twelfth and Market sts.
HORSE 5 years old; cart and harness. Inquire
1201 Cortland aye.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vot. Dentist. CO5 G. G. ay.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
A— Bo-ROOM house
Elegant oak furniture..............
Brussels carpets ~.
Hair-topped, mattresses
k ......Never changed hands
Clears $400 per month
..Cost $10,000; nearly new....
Price $5o00; easy payments
Owner very sick: must sell
For sale only by DECKER. 1020 Market st.
ROOMING-HOUSES
....LODGING-HOUSES
HOTELS
FLATS AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM 3 to 250 ROOMS; PRICES $50 to $20,000
25 rooms; on Market: worth $1200 $SOO
10 rooms; on Mason;. payments 450
65 rooms; on Bush St.: clears $250 2SOO
3 rooms and bath: elegant flat 325
30 rooms: on Kearny; grand bargain 2000
36 rooms; on Market; payments 1800
50, 40 and 125 rooms: boarding-house.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
19 rooms; cheap rent; only $350
21 rooms; Mission St.; reduced to .' 800
33 rooms; fine paying- house: see it 1250
40 rooms; sunny corner; a bargain 850
60 roomsreorner; must sell 2000
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
M. MacLEOD'S specialty Is buying, selling and
exchanging lodging-houses; if you have such
business it -will pay you to call at 1706 Market, i
near Tenth. With O. W. H. PATTERSON.
37 ROOMS, good transient corner. $1700: 120-
room hotel for rent, fine location: 9 rooms.
$300: private money to loan. C. D. DAVIS,
room C 9. SIS Market »t.
SEE last Sun. Exam in., Chron. and. Call for
60 houses adv. by M. GRIFFIN", 719 Market.
$1800—42 ROOMS; corner house: $1000 cash or
trade for house and lots. BASILB. S Eddy st. !
GREAT sacrifice— Lodging house 18 rooms; low
rent; $175. 619% Mission St. No agents.
$700 — SELECT rooming-house; 9 rooms; perma-
nent roomers; new and clean. 437 Golden
Gate aye.
A GRAND 60- room house; suitable for ldoging-
house or sanitarium: electric lights: 2 en-
trances; adjoins Owl Drug Store, 1132 Market.
A NICELY furnished sunny corner flat of 30
rooms for sale cheap. Box 3098, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or_ Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for clr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FURNISHED house to let In Western Addition;
9 rooms; sun all day. Address for particulars
box 1095. Call office.
A PLEASANT sunny house, 6 rooms and bath;
large ba.«ement and laundry; stable, carriage
house and garden. 830 Shotwell St., nr. 23d.
SUNNY 10- room house; large garden, stable.
2432 Howard st., through to Capp: rent $10.
BROADWAY, 1908—6 rooms, bath, laundry; fine
marine view; rent $20.
HOUSE, 7 rooms, yard, bath. 1021 Lombard
st. ; rent $16.
REAR house of 6 rooms. Inquire at C 63 Ellis
street. ' ¦
TO let — A pleasant sunny house, 7 rooms. 338*
Twenty-first st.. near Guerrero.
9 ROOMS: rear entrance: good to rent rooms;
nicely furnished. 313 Vi O'Farrell. near Mason.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Bay mate, black, small stripe on back,
long tall; hitched to piano-box buggy, body
black, running gear dark green, spokes in
left front wheel black. Reward at NW. cor-
ner Davis st. and Broadway. CHARLES H.
CATTERMOLE. ; - -
LOST— Diamond crescent-shape pin; Sunday,
between 3 and 6 o'clock, on drive to Cliff
HouEe from Savoy Hotel. Very liberal re-
ward and positively no questions asked If
returned to Savoy Hotel, room 93.
LOST— A Japanese pug dog from the neighbor-
hood of 3700 Washington st. Party finding
please return to that address and will be suit-
ably rewarded. ,
LOST— Zeta Psi fraternity pin; name on same,
W. McM. Weighel; return to 14 Sansome st,
room 11, and get reward.
FOUND— Greyhound; white and brindle. Call
at 324 Tehama St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
15 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
~~ MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the ~ wetHknown ladles' physl-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Nees, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure in one
day ; 15 years' successful practice in S. F. ;
¦ maternity home: low fees. 1007H Market st.
DR. G. W. CDONNELL, . the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed
Write or call at 1023H Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium, 704 Sacramento st. cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
• cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas-
advice free; office hours, 10 a. m. to 12 m.
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH., reliable SDeclallst; home
in confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any ailment; consultation "free 942
Post st.. between Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' speclallst-Ouar-
anteed treatment at office. $5; safe and re-
liable: consultation free. 1122 Market mt K*t
Mason and Taylor: hours 97l m *• tS .5 p7mf
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. ' 1228 Market: ladles'"
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tlflc methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles* special-
lst; guaranteed treatment at office. $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8°
DR .- m J^ MES F IERCE ' 1M Turk at - the eminent
female specialist; home or ofilce treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1118 Market
St.: every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEaENER-Prlvate home
,In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
r eases of the human - body. 115 Mason St.. -
* . MEDICATED ; B ATHS;
DR. CONANTB Compound Vapor Bath-Purl-
nes- tn« blood: destroys disease germs; pro-
**f,t»: cures: revitalises; saves life and doctor
£LIIS.L I1 5. : ?2 utflts k .$ or 8aIe: a * ei tts wanted: send for
, booklet. ANIDROSIS, « Post »t. S. F.. CW.^
DRESSMAKER, accustomed to best work,
wishes a few select customers; $1 50 day; per-
fect fit and latest styles. 6 Elwood St., near
Mason. . ' '
WANTED— A bright boy, 15 to 16 years of age:
must have reference. JOSEPH ¦¦'¦ FIGEL,
Flood ; building. Fourth and Market sts.
TWO large portable ovens cheap: good order.
Bakery. 944% Harrison st.
WANTED— First-class pants maker at 301-302
Examiner building. ¦? ¦
BREWERY wagon, second-hand, for sale
cheap. 316 McAllister st.
RESPECTABLE German girl wishes situation
as chambermaid or general work; competent
in' very fine needle work and sewing. Inquire
418 Octavia Bt. ; references eiven.
A— $EO0; SALOON and lunchhouse: between fac-
tories and lumber-ytrds; daily receipts $15;
rent J2C; a snep. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
MOST learned palmist and clairvoyant medium;
business advice: readings., 25c, 15S1 Market
St.. near Twelfth. /
A— sioo; CORNER grocery and bar; vicinity
Sixth and Howard tt>. ; living rooms; good
tartness; cheap rent. Call R. G. WILKE.
SSC Market et.
WANTED— By middle-aged woman, general
housework or chamber work. * Address 316
Minna st.
A-ti'JO; SALOON, with I living rooms; rent
127 DO; Valencia *t. ; good businees; bargain.
R. G. WILKE. ««i Market et.
EXPERIENCED young man In laying off and
glove work. Excelsior Glove Co., 413 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader and palmist. All
you seek to know answered, without ques-
tions; readings this week. . 25c and BOc. 126
FIRST-CLASS painter wanted; call 7a. m.
810 Laguna st. . .
A GERMAN lady wishes situation as gov-
erness, to teach piano and German lessons.
Address 328^ Tenth st.
YOUNG girl would like care of a child. 120H
Perry St., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRL wishes a situation for general house-
work. Apply 635% Jessie st.
I A NO. 1 young cows: calves 4 days old; each
milks 6 gals, day; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
BUSINESS CUANCES.
A— s3so; CIQAR store; clearing $4 dally; eplen-
£ld location: Market and East Ets.; rent Jli.
Call R- G. WILKE. SOC Market «t.
A— S6OO— SALWN and lunch house; established
ir.ai'.y years and doing a good paying busl-
!:*i*, rent $40; bert location; clote to Sutter
Bt. ; inveEtigate it once; a rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE. 606 Market St.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and. exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. - J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1031-1023 Mission
St., above . Sixth.
BOILERS, engines. M-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
BEGUl^R7TsTboTs r^n^,lairsi««s.!..T:S5 cU
Kepul&r $1 25 ladies' oxford ties Si cts
Children's kid. lace or button, sizes S to 11.75 c
People's Shoe Store, 13C3 Etktn. nr. B'dway.
M 0 PAIRS drummers'. «»msle cbo«« at manu-
facturer's cost. 3. Kohibecher. 145 Fourth »t.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
SPIRITUALISM.
WANTED— Baker for lunch house. $40 to $50;
broiler, $55: cook, $9 a week; head waiter,
country hotel, $35; 2 waiters, restaurant, $10
a week: two cooks, $40, and others. See J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
PRIVATE home for children. 1 day to 15 years.
by week or month; large sunny yard; select
neighborhood: mother's care; kindergarten;
• term* low. IK4 Pest ft., bet.- Geary & Sutter.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. : tel. South 228; lowest rates.
WANTED— Chicken farmer and wife for -Santa
Clara Valley, $45; 2 fruit farmers and wives,
' $35 and $55; Italian vegetable gardener, $27 50
and found; milker and butter maker, $35; 20
woodchoppers, $1 25 and $1 50 a cord; 2 fur-
nace men, $2 50 a day; laundryman, hotel,
$40; 4 milkers, $30; cabinetmaker; 2 German
or Scandinavians for toll road, $30 and board;
stableman, $50. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento St.
BMALL rh'.ld to board; be«t care. 8 Juri St.,
oft* Twenty-fifth and Valencia.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, ragr.. 35-40 Bth St.: teL South 230.
CLASSES in German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. A (3d. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. 3. 40.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
FURNITURE WANTED.
EXPRESS wagon, double harness and horses.
Apply 813 Lar.gton «t.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 10OS Mission; violln.gultar.
A FRENCH or Swiss garde-mange, country
hotel, $60; broiler, city, $55; hot cake and
waffle baker and assist on range, $10 a week;
baker, country shop, $40; 6 hotel waiters, $25,
$30 and $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A— 2o LABORERS for railroad work, $2 a day;
10 farmers and teamsters for orchards, $28
and board; 20 woodchoppers, 75c and $1 50 a
cord; 10 tie makers, 13c a tie; 6 coopers, slack
work; ranch blacksmith, $50; carriage painter,
country. $40 and board. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. <
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia rt .
FLATS WANTED.
BELGIAN HAKES
SAN FRANCISCO Belgian Hare Co., 1015 Shot-
veil St.. Sar. Francisco. Tr>ornughbre<l Belgian
doe«; Sir Britian. Rex Yukon, Prince lian-
tury; service fee 1~. Open until 9 o'clock p. m.
SELGIAN Harea— Norman Prince, Goldbug and
Sir Styles stock; breeding does a specialty.
2107 Ca"forr!!«t St..
BATH CABINETS THERMAL.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding; see it before
buying W. S. BROWN. Coast Agt.. 426 Ellis.
L P. CLARK. Emrra Ppreckeis bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: <v-r.«u!tatiT frea; n/> fees In advance.
F. H. MERZ3ACH. attorney at law. has re-
.rutr.fd practice at SOS Cal. Et.. Clunle bldg.
OLD established r"-**urant for sale; good busi-
ness; fine locality: small rent: everything
complete: price $223. Box 3C41, Call office.
EDUCATIONAL.
GROCERY, hay, feed and coal yard in South
Berkeley;* doing rood business; rent cheap: at
bargain. Address box 2731. Call, Oakland.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a rpeclalty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HCWE. any at law, £50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
A GENUINE BARGAIN SALE.
Fine Knabe upright latest design: make- offer;
beautiful Bruenn upright, like new; Arton.
$35; Hallett & Davis, $40; 2 German uprights,
in good order, $75 and $30; Dunham upright.
$140; Sherwood, $145; 2 almost new uprights,
cheap, for storage and advances. BRUENN.
203 Post st., above Grant aye.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest:. every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the.
customer.
FINE upright piano for sale and furnished
house to let. 109 Diamond st.
KiTABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER Sc CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
$1500— FOR sale; restaurant; fine location: a
fortune to the right party; owner has two
places. Address box 3051, Call office.
PROF. A MASERY of Egypt. trreate»t astrolo-
Kist acd palmict in the world: satisfaction
rc»r«rt<?»d 427 Golden Gate aye.
ASTKOLOGY.
LADlES— Agents: something new. €02 Geary
rt.. Pan Ftticlppo.
NINETEENTH, 3380. near Noe— Lovely sunny
lower t-room flat, with room on porch; $1S;
water free.
LADY agents^ — If you want the best money
makers ret the Hyirela Electric Corsets and
eklrts; the standard for 20 years. Address
Western Corset Co.. St. Louis, Mo.
SUNNY upper and lower 3 and 4 rooms and
bath flats, only $9 and $10. 6 and 7 Bonlta
aye., off Polk, naar Vallejo.
RESTAURANT for sale; good location: good
business; cause sickness. Box 3018, Call.
TRAVELING men wanting a good elde line
a,re Invited to call and Investigate our propo-
sition. Wntern Advertising Co., SIS Bush.
FINE store; suitable any business: 128 O'Far-
rell St.. corner Powell. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and bar;
stock and fixtures; must sell on account of
other business; no agents. Box 3067. Call.
A BRANCH office' for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has-been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
GEORGE MA YERLE, German expert optician,
1071% Market St.: examinations free; German
eyewater by mall, 50c. Phone. Mint 257.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
PHOTOGRAPH gallery in the Mission or a
partner. Apply at 1104 Market St., rms. 21-22.
A FEW hundred more sewing machine operat-
ors will find work in Levi Strauss & Co.'s fac-
tory. 32% Fremont st. MR. DAVIS, foreman.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
cxL, crowns, bridgework; open Sund. till 12.
WILL exchange very desirable lots in Seattle.
Tacoma or Blalne. Wash., for country home
near San Francisco. A. D., box 3113, Call.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 6 years; plates. $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— Woman over 25 for responsible po-
sition; commercial business. Box 3090, Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
EXCHANGE.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates, are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set: extracting EOc; gas given.
GOOD German girl for housework an« cooking;
must have references. Call 9-12, 1123 Laguna
st.; good wages.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more moneTsee H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $8; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
ellver, tOe; painless extraction, 60c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
WANTED— Position at any light work: passable
education; wages no object. Box 3091, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
, received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
STOCK of grocer}', $50, and renting of store,
$15; near Fourth St. KREDO Sc CO., 22%
Geary st.
WANTED— Position as city agent or collector;
. well acquainted in city; very good references.
Box 3088, Call office.
PARTNER wanted having a few hundred dol-
lars; a practical mechanic in iron work or
business man; must be a practical Christian.
Address Mechanic, box 3075, CaU office.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
tt CO up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
RELIABLE] man wants position as chef or
steward in a hotel or restaurant ; first-class
references. Address H., 615 Larkin st.
NEW bakery and laundry; 3-can milk wagon; 2-
seated spring wagon; 1 heavy and 2 light de-
livery wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 2211
Buchanan st. - -^
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with .. horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking ; wages
$10 per month; best of references. Address
H. W., 405 Francisco st. '
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 388 Parrott build-
ing — Men can secure loans on personal note.
BARBER shep for sale cheap on account of
sickness. TO4 Bryant st.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5 a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, t $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 60c; crowns $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 14 Sixth st. ¦ "
JSOO-FIRST-CLASS saloon; good fixtures: h
private rooms; rent $55. Box 3118. CalL
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. KIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from ?1 up; other fillings from BOc; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 60 up; cpen evenings and Sundays.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework.
Inquire 1457 Ellis st
SITUATION wanted by flrst-closs coachman
and gardener; good, careful driver and willing
and obliging all around worker o;i gentle-
man's place. Box 3076, Call office.
BARGAIN for buying or selling f aloon »°* *??
buelneEs: fair treatment. Liquor Dealers
Journal. C39H California ft., room 1.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixtn;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
TO LET— A cottage of 6 rooms. 2SO» Polk st. ;
rent, with water, $13. ¦ _^
$225— CIGAR etand and laundry office: fine lo-
cation. Mclaughlin. 777H Market st.
WANTED— Neat young German girl to do gen-
eral housework; wages $15. Call 1029 Shotwell.
GIRL for general housework In small family.
613 Fell St., between 9 and 1 o'clock.
YOUNG girl, about 15 years old. to assist In
light housework. 1519 Sutter St..
GIRL for. general housework and cooking; no
children. Box 4453. Call office.
YOUNG -competent girl; general housework;
small American family. 719 Cole st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— 2 first-class trimmers. North Beaoh
Wonder, 1411 Stockton St.. . ;-.-•".-
A— KREDO & CO 22H Geary St.
$600— Baker} 1 : $2S dally counter trade; Mis-
sion; fine opening for coffee parlors.
$150— Branch bakery; 3 fine rooms; good cor.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 327 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms ' and bath ; modern lm-
prox'ements. 218 Locußt avenue, bet. Van
Nese avenue. Franklin, Golden Gate aye. and
McAllister et.
$9 AND $10— 4-room cottages; good order: water
free. 945 Bryant or G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st. r--- 1 - ¦
COTTAGE of 4 rms.; modern improvements. 669
Walnut aye.. nr. Octavia. bet. Post Sc Sutter.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins St., near Geary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, MARCH 20, 1900.
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the Ean Francisco
rail, rorner of Market and Third streets, cpen
trntil 12 o'clock every c!*rht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— E?7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until S.JO p. m.
ffO Hayes etreet: open until *:S9 p. ra.
O9 McAllister street; open unt'.l 9:»0 p. m.
fIE Larkin 6treet; cpen until 9:3(f p. m.
IS«I Mis-don rtreet; open until 10 p. xa.
Ua Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; *f>en
cntil t p. m.
JW Eleventh etre»t: cpen until * p. m.
ICS6 Valencia etreet: op^n until 5 p. m-
lt2S Polk street: open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; cp*>n until S p. m.
WANTED— GirI for general housework In small
family. 1281 O'Farrell st.
BARBERS' help want employment; - olty or
country. R., 935% Howard st. ¦
Ji.-rc.iO; ROADHOUSE and resort; fine Pl^fe:
newly furnished; near Park. KREDO &. CO..
22U Geary st.
GIRLS wanted to learn glove making. 121
Grant aye. -^U&S&i&SSKSfesSK
A YOUNG Frenchman of good education and
reputation; who can speak, read and write
English, wishes to go to the Paris Exposition
-with an American family or somebody aa an
I Interpreter; moderate terms and can give good
references. Address JEAN LACLERQUE, 27
Scott elace.. S. F., Cal. v ¦_
WANTED— lnvestment for $10,000: will tak»
first mortgage on first-class property; prin-
cipals only. Box 3105. Call office.
$400-6 ALOON with 8 living rooms; fine trade.
Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal. 539tf Cali-
fornia tU. room L
MIDDLE-AGED . woman as housekeeper who
understands car* children. 131 Valencia st.
MEETING NOTICES^
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A- M.. «
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) E\ EN- _i\_
ING. March 20, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated lt^K
meeting and R. A. desree. By order I r *
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. 659V4 California St.. room 1.
NEAT young girl to assist in general house-
work; plain cooking. £215 Bush st.
AT 12ff Kearny st.. room 9. respectable privata
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
GARDENER— Good propagator and general
gardener; can run gasoline engine; do coach-
man's or any stable work; references; desires
situation private place. Address . box 8112,
Call office. .
FINISHER on coats; steady work. 114* Fol-
- som- st. ¦""-.¦-'...¦ : - ',:¦¦¦ '-¦ ¦ : "¦ - .-"¦ ' .
GOLDEN GATE Lodce No. 20. F. and B
A. M.— Meeting THIS (TUESDAY) ,»/%_
EVENING, at 7:SO o'clock. Third de- Jl2r
gree. GEO. J. HOBE, Sec / ™
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quiclc
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and 69. Donohue building. 1170 Market st.
REFINED young man, excellent references, de-
sires position in wholesale house; not afraid
of work; wages no object. Box 3107, Call.
TAILORESS for country. Apply REISS BROS.
& CO., 24 Sutter st. •
GOOD waitress wanted; none but experienced
need apply. 20 Third st.
BARBERS— A good barber wants work; city or
country. Address Barber, box 3110,- Call.
AMERICAN girl to do light housework In
small family. 1045 Mission st.
WANTED— A partner with $8000 to Invest in a
well-established and best paying business in
Northern California: will guarantee JSO net
dally profit. Address box 2733, Call. Oakland.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOUSLEY. 321 Parrott building.
OLD gold bought; money loaned on every de-
scription of collateral. Coleman's. 508 Kearny.
MONEY loaned on furniture, pianos, dia-
monds, etc. BRIDGES, 927 Market, room 31s.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. -MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
EXPERIENCED apprentice girls on custom
coats: also presser. 126 Russ st.
$50 TO $30,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS saleslady for silk waist depart-
ment; many years' experience required. A.
CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny st. A ' -~~ ¦
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: n»
commission: private. LICK. US McAllister.
GOOD paying restaurant; on account of. party
leaving city; rent paid to April 10. Apply 12
Washington St. •
OPERATORS and finishers; gents' white shirts;
experienced hands. Rogerson's, E35 Valencia.
$650— BAKERY, notions, laundry and papers;
cheap rent: good bargain; sickness. Box 23,
106 Eleventh et.
RESTAURANT and oyster house for sale on
East Ft.; $500 cash. Box 3062, Call office.
FOR sale— Saloon: suitable for man and wife;
on account departure. Box 3CS7, Call ofilce.
WOMAN to do housework. 131 San Carlos
avenue.
$500— GOOD business; large profits; all cash;
low rent. Box IOS9, Call office.
ROUTE on Chronicle. EB7A Natoma St.
EDISON projectoseope complete: 31 films; 75
elides; excellent condition. LEVY. 415 Kearny.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st.
COMPLETE set of baker's utensils, including
largt portable oven, with privilege of seeing
same in use; cheap. JONES & CO., 865 Mrkt.
FLATS •TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
713 Greenwich; 5 r.. 51211345 Howard; 6 r....519
2937 California; 5 r..5151515 Jersey; 5 r....512 60
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenlnns and Sundays. 850 Market.
NW COR. Sutter and Scott; finest flat In city
for the price; Investigate; 6 large room* and
large glazed porch; appreciated if seen.
$25—557 THIRD st.; new 6-room flat; all mod-
ern conveniences; light and sunny. Apply
R. McELROY, 4..Phelan building.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
Fills by ajl druggists or at the dog hospital.
10 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 257.
DR. BLVJVRD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city, visits $160; all
animals treated: doe* boarded. Tel. West 635.
ARE you in need of a piano? We have a larg»
assortment of new and second-hand pianos of
the best makers: sold for caeh or very easy
'payments; $6 down and $5 per month for an
elegant new upright; some good pianos for
$3. $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.. Steinway dealers, corner Sutter and
Kearny sts.. San Francisco: corner Thirteenth
and Broadway. Oakland.
JC5 — GOOD repair shop: lasts, stock and ma-
chine; good trade: cheap rent. 2106 Fillmore.
FRUIT and vegetable store for sale; on ac-
count of. leaving city. Apply Call office.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; rent
$12 50.
tS. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 805 Van Ness.
TWO sunny rear flats of 4 rooms; $3 each. 87
Pearl st.. off Market, near Valencia.
AN unequaled record— Our business Is larger
than ever: our prices the lowest; our terms
reasonable: our guarantee absolute; high-
grade pianos from $325 up; medium-priced pi-
anos from $190 up; second-hand pianos from
$55 up; pianos for rent: sole agents for Chlck-
ering. Steck, Vose and Sterling pianos. 18 to
20 O/Farrell at.
RETIRING from clothing and genfs furnish-
ing goods business; stock and fixtures for
eale; store to rent at 44 East st., near Mis-
sion; small capita! needed.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary St.; dreases
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MISSION. 1513. near Eleventh— 6 large, sunny
. rooms, bath and laundry; rent $22.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
FLAT of 5 rooms; modern; bath; rent $13. 911
Filbert st.
TO let— Clean sunny flat. 226 Rltch St., near
Third and Bryant.
ELEGANT sunny flat; 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wil-
low aye., near Laguna st.
HEALD'S Business College. U Post St., 8. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new SO-page catalogue free.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
COMPANY promotion is our specialty; we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.t1.C0., 220 California St.. r. 5-7.
5-ROOM sunny. flat; rent $14; to adults; 2616
Mission st. Apply 844 Capp st.
BOOKKEEPING as It is done: superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
OR SALE— A fine downtown route; this
paper; in business section. Apply Call office.
$6— LOWER flat. 726V4 Harrison St., between
Third and Fourth.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
ROUTE of 544 papers on this paper for sale.
Bex 6. Oakland Postofflce.
$15— NEW bay-window flat; 6 light rooms; bath,
gas, tubs. 909 Folsom St., near Fifth.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M.
49 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent places, $26, $25, $20 and found
19 milkers and buttermakers..s3s, $30, $25, fd
18 choremen and boys. .s2s, $20, $15, $10, found
27 laborers. $175 day ..5 miners, $75
6 drillers, $C 0; 14 laborers, $30 and found near
city
6 stablemen, buggy washers, etc $50, $40
365 < woodchoppers and tlemakers, $2 50, .$2,
$1 75, $1, 75c cord, 10c, lie, 12c, 130 each, tools
advanced; some for ranches and some at
- mines :
READ CAREFULLY
6 carpenters for 9 months. Jobs, housework
$2 60 day
carriage trimmer, $3 day; 2 blacksmiths, $60
and found
head donkey man, $50 and found; log sniper,
$40 and found; coopers, $3 day; weaver on
wire mattress, $10 week and foiftid; 6 four-
horse scraper teamsters, $2, $26 and found;
3 milk wagon drivers...... s3o. $25 and found
2 gardeners, private family, $25 and found; 139
men for 'places not advertised; come and see.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— HOTEL. BUTCHER, BAKERY AND
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENTS
14 cooks $55, $50, $45, $40, $35. $25, found
16 waiters, dishwashers, $35, $30, $25, $20, $15
and found
3 porters, $25 and found; 4 boys for stores, etc;
shirt polisher. $40 and found, Troy machine:
2 lroners; 3 washers, $30 and found; polisher
help starch, $35 and found; second baker,
\ helper on bread, city, $30 and found: 2 butch-
ers, city and country shops,etc..s2s, $30, found
2 boys as bellboys (no experience).. slo, found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
FINE assortment of old and new violins In all
sizes just received from Europe; they were
•elected by experts for the MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO.. 759 Market St.
FURNISHED sunny flat; 4 or 5 rooms; vicin-
ity of Jefferson Square. Address box 3118,
Call office.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk et. ; open until 9 p. m.
AYRES', leading business college, 723 Market;
individual instruction; bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing; life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. nur-
vev, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.: est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
PIANO lessons; 8 years' experience; 50c per
hour. Address 1710 Buchanan, near Sutter.
A GANG of teamsters, laborers, rock men and
concrete men for the Coast Railroad in Santa
Barbara Co., $1 75 to $2 a day; free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St..
THE Packard pianos are not cheap piano*, but
they are first-class in tone and une<]ualed In
finish; you buy them for a short time only at
introductory prices at MAUVAIS'. 763 Mar-
ket St.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Fine furniture of 3 housekeeping
rooms; will sell as whole or by piece if de-
sired. 309 Hyde St., from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
VERY fine Steinway: must be sold at once;
a beautiful Cabinet Grand upright piano.
$150. Room 12. Flood building. SO9 Market st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $43 50. with No.
7 ran«re. Klntr F\iroltur<> Co.. 1J27-1131 Market.
A FEW pianos will be sold for storage at auc-
tion prices; dirt cheap for cash. WILSON' 3
Storage 1710 Market st.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black 4074.
A BARGAlN— Steinway, $125: store open Sat.
evening. Heine Piano Mfg. Co., 136 Ellis st.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. SPEN-
CER WAREROOMS. ISIS Market st.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. ' 1135 Market st.: telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano, $3 per month.
6COTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
lar.iruajrps. Mies M. O. Barrett. 302 Montcy.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, enrpeta. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
W. G. BADGER, 413 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
FINE Fischer & Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary it
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard: laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic Fervants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning. Sc per yard; tel. Mission 74.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
lIELI* WANTED— FEMALE.
NURSERY governess; must understand French
or German; $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
WAITRESS for San Mateo, $25, private family:
also waitress for city, $25, 4 in family. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
NEAT young girl to assist; $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
STTPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beatlnc works. 331 Golden
Gate aye. : te'«r>r«nne East 126.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
office; best help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
' Chas. Aramorl, BO6H Stockton; tel. John 212 L
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 4!< Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
P.est heln 414% O'FnrrHi *t.: t»l. En*t 42».
EMPLOYMENT WANTED KEMALid.
THE Business Woman's Club (Incorporated),
phone South 279. This club desires to call
your attention to the fact that they can fur-
nish you with reliable female help for cleri-
cal positions, domestics etc. All help fur-
nished free of chargs, Clubrooms 201. 202, 203
Emma Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
AN experienced ladles' tailor and dressmaker
wishes work by the day in families. J., box
2117. Call.
FOR. sale at a bargain — 26-ton schooner yacht
with fixtures and fittings complete: In first -
class condition. For particulars address box
3071. Call office.
THE Business Woman's Club (Incorporated),
phone South 279— 1f you are seeking employ-
ment of any kind we are in a position to place
you to your advantage. 927 Market st., room
202. All around man for country; wages $20.
SO-FQOT gasoline launch for sale cheap: »H
horsepower engine ; full cabin; electric lights.
Address box 3070. Call office. .
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
ATTENTION. n REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
aod Clairvoyant,
Reveals Yoor Life From the Cradl*
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medidnee," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rneumatiem, all rkin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
the has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall la
always successful and satisfactory, '- and all
correspondence is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
N. B.— Take 8. F. broad gauge ferry and
get off at Clinton Station, 2d station from
Broad way. __•¦ j
UNPRESSER on custom coats. BEL ASCO &
HARRIS CO., 641 Market St.:
WANTED — A man to deliver bread In morning;
wages . f 15. Apply Pioneer Bakery, corner
; Clay and Mason sts.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, palmist. All you
seek to know answered, without questions;
readings this week, 25 and 50c. 126 O'Farrell.
YOUNG woman, with a child, wishes a posi-
tion as housekeeper or cook on a ranch. Call
713% Bush st. - -_
A FINE suit. $10: dress pants. $2 75. BROWN
BROS. CLOTHING, 437 Montgomery St.
WANTED— : Day cashier for restaurant; experi-
enced restaurant man. 29 Stockton st. -
BRIGHT Japanese boy of good appearance to
learn dentistry; wages at start. Address box
4484. Call office.
WANTED— Dressmaker who Is thoroughly
competent to make general alterations and
j have others work - under her: must furnish
good reference regards to ability . and integ-
rity; steady position- and good wages. Apply
at 840 Market St.. between <10 and 11 a. m.
and 4:30 to 6:30 p. m, .-. - : '
MEDA HOSKINS, 1423 Mkt., bet. 10th & 11th—
Clr. Mon. 8 p. m.. Thur. 2 p.m., 25c; sit. daily.
MME. MOREAU. th« best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. €03 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night; sealed
letters read, 10c; readings dally. 136 81xth.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh «t. is the original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c.
RELIABLE woman wants place where sho can
keep her baby, nine months old. MRS. T.,
31 Zoe st.
WANTED— Good reliable Swedish or German
girl for general housework and cooking: must
be neat and willing; 4 in family: small wash;
large wash given out ; « wages $18 ; reference
required. Address E.F..lock box 65, Vaca-
vllle. Cal. -
BOOKFOLDERS wanted. Apply Bookblndery,
636 Clay Bt. " ¦
WOMAN with a child wants a position as
housekeeper: good cook and fine housekeeper.
Call at 114 Hayes st., between 12 and 1.
SITUATION wanted by a woman to do house-
work; no objections to going a short distance
In country. 23 Angelica St., off Nineteenth. .
GIRL 14 years old would like to do light house-
work and attend children. Address B.
PETERSON, Redwood City. Cal.
CUTTER for men's, ready-made clothing; must
be well . experienced. 113 Sansome st.
WANTED— Good pantsmaker for the country.
Apply to CAMPBELL & BERNSTEIN. 22
/Eddy st. ¦¦- ¦ ¦ . V. :. ¦ , ¦ -
WANTED— Nurse for • helpless heavy man;
permament employment; for strong - unmar-
ried nurse knowing massage and accustomed
. to getting up nights. > Address, stating wages
.'and experience, lock box 253, Berkeley. .
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon; 1 route; $10
. and found. Call (10 to 12) 1918 Hyde st. :
WANTED— TaiIor on fine custom coats;, good
pay; steady work.: 533 Natoma st. • . , -.--,¦
GOOD waitress for restaurant ; nice place; $5
a week. 573 Hayes st.
GOOD general tailor. wanted. 129 Eddy st.
SOLICITOR for merchant tailor for city; If not
experienced will be taught; good salary. 1215
Market nl IHlHmi)y|ifll|l|l H||i| H n M illlil'l HiIWII
CIRCLE to-night 8 o'clock prompt, 25c. C.
MAYO-STEERS. 112' i Oak Bt. Readings. $1.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister St., r. 35; admission 10c.
C. V. MILLER, materializing trumpet seance;
8 p. m. 409 Leavenworth St.; 25 cents.
MRS.-STODDARD'S 10c circle this evening; all
get tests from spirit friends. 278 Ninth et.
MRS MEYER, 335 McAlUlster; trance, business;
sit. dally; test cir. to-night, 10c; Thurs. at 2
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
330 Ellis St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenlnes.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, present. . future. 25c. 148 Sixth st.. r. 12.
MME. MARtiUISE, medium, has removed to 5
Hyd» et. ; tradings and treatments dally.
YOUR f utur< told by cards. 25a 544 Howard
st.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. '
MISS MELVJLLE, great clairvoyant and'water
reader; German spoken. 921% Mlssion.opMlnt.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 CO to $6
Week; convenient and respectable; free .'bus
anil baggage to and from ferry. - .'.._-; -y;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2100 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et. . ' if*" : ¦_•-
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: «>pen until 9d. m. : - ¦ '
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY. clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting $1. 1104 Market.
ARNOLD. Dickson. give everybody - tests to'
eight; 10c; fittings. 25c EOc. 148 Sixth, room 1.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
clttlnrs daily. 212% Blxth St.
EMPLOYMENT • WANTED-— MALE.
SITUATION by young man taking care :of
horses, cows, garden; good driver; references.
• Box 2044, Call. .•"--.-•..;-.•'¦•-.••¦¦ ;\/., ;.-:¦¦¦ -
10a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABXT HT. Established
in 1534 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease "tearing oo bodyand mlndand
bkin Dfseasr*. Tbedociorcnreswaen
ot tiers fall. Try him. Charge* lew.
rare»taar»air<>d. Callorwrlte.
Or. J. r. VIBBON. Box l»s7.Saa FraacUco.
WeeHy Gan, $LOQ per Year
WE net^l money bad, therefore offer to sell at
a sacrifice a pretty 5-room cottage with bath,
pantry, china closet, folding doors, brick
. foundation, stationary tubs, 8-foot basement;
2 bay windows: nice mantel; hot' and cold
water, with 4000-gallon tank; well 80 ft. deepi
lot 40xl!J; chicken houses, etc.; price $1600;
will arrange terms to suit; close to station.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorln Station,
aek for RUDOLPH & PERKINS^
HOWA-RD 704. cor. Third— Nicely furnished
front rooms; also housekeeping.
BEHKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL bargain— Must be sold at once; house
6 rooms; bath, pantry; lot 40x100; 3' blo<ks
from Berkeley Station; 2 blocks from electric
cars; only $1100: terms to suit. Take Berkeley
train get off at I»rln Station, ask for RU-
DCi^PH & PERKINS. *
CALIFORNIA. 2!2J— Bunny parlors or rooms^or
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department.
Washington. D. C. until 12 o'clock noon,
April 3. 1?00, and publicly opened Immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Navy-yard, Mafe
IHland, Cal.. a quantity of electrical sup-
plies, generating sets, and 1 traveling foun-
dry crane. Blank proposals will be furnished
ujirn application to the Bureau or to the
Navy Pay Office, San Francisco, Cal. A. S.
KENNY. Paymaster General U. S. N. 3-5-00.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
I~HAVE~str~and country property to ex-
change. M. GRIFFIN, 7U Market »U, a F.,
near Call building.
FINE building lots in center of Btockton City:
cheap. McLAUO'-LIX & CO.. 777*4 Market.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath; lot 23x125. $10
Diamond st.. near Twentieth; no agents.
DIED.
Archibald. Earl C. Lonergan, James H.
Belrne, Loretta McCullough, Peter
Blethen, Georcietta McGulre. Marraret
Boyce. Emma. A. McNally, Peter J.
Brandt. Georce E. Malson, Helene G.
Brown, Margaret Matick, Louis M.
IX>bie. Mrs. Grace Murphy, Mary
Duserre, Eugenic Nlelseni Thomas F.
Flynn, Edward Perry. Minerva E.
Flynn. Dominlck Peterson. Charles A.
Gles, August Rowland, Laura
Hall. John Schaerer. Maria
Hansen. Hans A. Skelly. Loretta
Klehl. Jacob Smith. Mrs. Anna
King, James . Stout. Charles S.
King. Paul Tuthlll, Harry
Lawler. Patrick Walnwrlght. Edward
ARCHIBALD— In Centerville. March 19, 1900,
Earl Crosby Archibald, only son of S. C. and
C. E. Archibald, a native of California, aged
17 years and 7 months.
CTFuneral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock, from the family residence.
BEIRNE— In this city, March 19, 1900. at the
residence of her parents, 8668 Twenty-third
street, Loretta, beloved daughter of M. G. and
M. E. Belrne,. sister of Margie Belrne. grand-
daughter of Mrs. K. McCarthy, and niece of
Mrs. J. J. O'Rourke and Lizzie McCarthy, a
native of San Francisco, aged" 9 years 10
months and 14 days.
Cyinterment private.
BLETHEN— In Oakland, March 19. 1900, at 60S
East Fourteenth street, Georgietta W., wife
of James E. Blethen, and moth>r of George
W. A. Blethen, Mrs. Delma Dolbier and Mrs.
George A. Scott, a native of Boston, Mass.
BOYCE— In Oakland, March 19. 1900, Emma
Ayer, beloved wife of John B. Boyce, mother
of flvn children, sister of Mrs. M. A. Lam-
bert, Mrs. L. Young, Miss Helen Ayer of Oak-
land and Mrs. J.* W. Lamme of Winters, Cal.,
and daughter of the late Elijah Ayer of
Dover, N. 8., a native of Canada, aged 38
years 10 months and 7 days.
BRANDT— In this city. March 18. 19C0. George
E. Brandt, beloved husband of Elizabeth H.
Brandt, father of George T.. Musette G. and
the late John J. Brandt and May E. Erratt,
and stepfather of Mrs. C. H. Congdon of
liakersfleld, Cal.. a native of Denmark, aged
70 years 5 months and 8 days.
lE7"Ftiends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday),
at 10 o'clock, at his late residence. 1103 Clay
street. Interment Holy Cro6s Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, March 18, 1900, Margaret,
beloved wife of the late James Brown, and
mother of William J., James P.. Mary Anne
and Nellie Brown, a native of County Limer-
ick, Ireland, age<l 58 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 657 A Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
• soul, commencing at "s o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOBIE— In this city. March 19. 1900, : Mrs. Grace
Doble. beloved mother of Kate Doble. a na-
tive of Wales, aged 43 years.
DUSERRE— In this city. March 18. 1900, Eu-
genic, beloved daughter of Joseph and Ger-
trude Duserre and sister of Mrs. J. Wlnfield,
Mrs. J. Leneronl and Gertie, Octavla and Jo-
seph Duserre, aged 21 years and 4 months.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, which will
take place to-day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clook.
The cortege will proceed from her late resi-
dence, . 423 Filbert street, to the French
Church of Notre Dame dcs Victolres, on
Bush street.
FLYNN— In this city. March 19. 1900, Edward,
beloved husband of Catherine Flynn, and
father of Mrs. W. W. Piper and David, Cath-
erine and Mary Flynn, a native of the parish
of Olenvllle. County Cork. Ireland, aged 60
years.
FLYNN— In this city, March 19, 1900. Domtn-
lck, son of the late James and Mary Flynn,
and brother of Kate and Alfred Flynn, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 10 years and 15
days. (Willows, Glenn County, papers please
copy.)
(£7Fiiends and acquaintances are. reepect-
¦ fully Invited !to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:20 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of S. W. Hallowell. 1502% Polk street,
thence to St. Brlsrld's Church, corner of Van
Ness avenue and Broadway, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of M% soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GIES— In this city, March 1». 1900, August,
dearly beloved husband of Mary K. Gles,
father of the. late Edward and Lilian Gles.
eon of Francisca and the late Killan - Gles.
brother of George Gles and Mrs. J. F. Moran.
and brother-in-law of Frank Houston, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 34 years and 6
months.
tf?" Friends of the family are Invited to at-
' tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
10 o'clock, from the parlors of Valente, Marlnl
& Co.. - 1524 Stockton street, near Union. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦
HALL-In this city. March 18, 190», John Hall,
a native of New York, aged 88 years. , :.
. (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock. Irom the funeral par-
lors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.; SIS Mason
street, .' between Geary and O'Farrell. Inter-,
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
HANSEN— In this city. March 17, 1900. Hans
Albert Hansen. beloved brother of Captain
Jorgen P. Hansen, a native of Denmark, aged
, 27 years. . .
v icrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral .to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen & Co.. 228 McAllister street
Interment 'Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KIEHI^-In this city, March 18, 1900. Jacob
Kiehl. beloved brother of the late Judge Karl
Klehl of Brooklyn, N. T., a native of St
Julian. Rhelnpfalz. Germany, aged 84 years.
A member of the San Francisco Turn Vereln.
iny Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the -San
Francisco Turner Hall, Turk street, between
Hyde and Leavenworth. , Cremation I. O. ¦ O
r. Cemetery- Remains at the parlors of the
Gantner & ¦ Guntz Undertaking Company, 8
and 10 City Hall square.
KING— In Nlles, March 19, 1900, James, beloved
husband of the late Kzla King, and father of
D. W. King, a native of Virginia, aged 87
MARRIED.
LANDO— EHRLICH— In this city, March ! 11.
1900, by the Rev. Hyman Samualson. Meyer
Lando and Sophie Ehrltch. both of San Fran-
cisco.
LEVY— SCHOENFELD— In this city. March 18.
1900, by Rabbi Isidore Myers of the Bush-
street Temole. Emanuel Levy and Jennie
Schoenfeld, both of San • Francisco.
ROSENDORN— JACOBS— ln this city. March
11, liiOO, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Solomon
Rosendorn and Lillie Jacobs, both of San
Francisco.
w - E. LANE. 'pbonTMain'ils! 60J California
«t.: everybody's plumber.
HISAL SCSTATU CITY — KOII SALE.
A. M. Ie?DCK~i~Ca : ~~~
Loan Money.
6ff7 Market et., opposite Kearny.
$80.000— Grand comer, Ti ft. front; half block
rrom Market et., not far from 6th; rents $300.
$Js,onG — Rare Investment; vicinity Powell and
Geary; 4-story brick building; stores and lodg-
ing house above; 36 feet front.
$4E,ooo— Corner; rents $400; modern Improve-
ments; lot SoxlSs feet.
$2«. COO —Near Eddy and Jones; store and tS
rooms above; modern; pays 7 per cent net.
$54.COQ— Sixth st.; 75 feet front; rents $2400
yearly; good buildings; 4 stores.
$SoOO— Six elegant new flats; lot 60x100 ft.;
all rented for $»4 a month: grand bargain.
$T6sO— Six good flats; rents $S>6o yearly; down-
town: let DO fe*t front.
$6500 — 8 choice flats; Hayes et. ; mortgage
$«<OC: a snap.
BS2V) — Corner store and €-room flat; rents $37;
foreclosure.
$3150—4 flats within few blocks of Sth and
Market *ts. ; rente $35.
$1710— Two nice fiats; rents $16 50.
$710 — Six roorce ar.d lot 45x72 twL
A. M. SPECK A CO.. CC7 Market St.
National Union.
The various local councils of the Na
tional Union have of late been quite act
ive. Golden Gate Council initiated two
strangers. California Council four. Pacific
Council five. El Dorado thirteen and
Union one. ¦ ¦ ¦ . - ¦¦
The entertainment that was given last
week by the National Union Social
and Literary Club was exceedingly
well attended, a positive proof of the pop
ularity of these entertainments. Under the
management of W. W. Healey. B. A.
Kldd, J. N. Bunting and F. H. Hastings,
who have Insisted that no one shall be
admitted except upon the invitation of a
member of the order, with the under
standing that the party invited must be
such that the one extending the Invitation
would not hesitate to invite to his own
home, the attendance has been limited to
a most desirable class of people. The pro
gramme was an excellent one, decidedly
entertaining and reflecting credit on the
good Judgment of the gentlemen who have
charge of the socials.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
' T"rL R H°'?- OT '*, R«nedy : no poison. KUES-
-IgJi- jj^Jl^Pot^j^ajOandj^drtalls: .tamp.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet "l truiTir
* hqbm. Ajr-rssgS&tgdS:lt^cSSs:
A FINE suit to order $10 75. or pants $3 TJ- our
JBJUXBO AD TBAVXXt,
MUST B--11— Fa< ins panhandle; Fell St. boule-
vard, the hantif-orr.e r-rner building arranged
ln 2 houses of 9 and 11 rooms, with porcelain
baths. »-lecttrc lights. small barn; No. IJSB
Fell «. and 4 <l o Central aye. Make offer at
A. 11. SPECK & CO.'S. «€7 Market St.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
High .Chief Ranger Boehm on the 27th
A LOVELY cottage, furnished, .to rent (four
months or longer), to adulu only; location
unsurpassed. Inquire "James" Cottage, Fruit-
vale aye., cor. Pleasant St.; electric cars pass
door. .
HENRY. J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan ' A ; Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
U Flf tß st.i opposite Lincoln School. .
Telephone South 89. ' •- '
FRUITVALE FURNISHED COTTAGES.
CLARA. 166. near Fifth— a rooms to rent; rent
$7 60. . --
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
CARROLLTON. 12W5 Market, cor. Golden Gate
. »v«. — gunny corner; well furn.; rms. & offices.
THE beet corner lot south of University of Cal-
ifornia, vlth elegant modern 8-room^ house.
Seventeenth and Broadway. Oakland.
lIUOMX TO LUT — rum. and Unfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14? Sixth— Rooms
26c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light houwkeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market st. <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nUned rms.. 'suites, single; also unfumltshed.
CALIFORNIA. 2CjSTelegantly furnUhed pair^
lors, to cult tenant: cheap. '
A BRANCH ofnc* for the reception of sdver-
tl semen ts and subscriptions has been openea
. at 1223 Po!k rt.: open till 9 p. m.
MOUNT TAMALPfiIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San FraDciaco via SausaUto Ferry.
Week Days : 9:30 a, m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. na.
Steam-heated, closed car on all trains.
Far*— San Francisco to Summit and fUturo.
o s*. • -
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
FubECrtptions has been established at 103J
Valencia St.
Friends of the Forest.
Lincoln . Lodge at its meeting last
week initiated ;¦< one > candidate. During
the i evening . a proposition to appoint an
advisory .committee to assist the officers
In the discharge of their respective duties
was presented and after a debate was laid
over Tor two weeks for action. ¦ - ¦
¦ The --"bloomer", party : recently given by
the | young ladies of Pioneer Lodge was a
great success and those, who expected to
see ¦ the lady , members ln • bloomers were
disappointed, for : the bloomers the mem
bers wore were blooming flowera as dec
orations....' ¦" . . .
I ¦ Harmony Lodge had an interesting meet
ing last : week and on :¦ that ! occasion • re
ceived a visit from the supreme officers.
This lodge will give a party on the 18th
of Apm. ¦*jsßMtaflHßunnßnisnEß
The Legion of Honor.
During the . past two ' months there has
been considerable activity in the Ameri
can Legion of Honor. , The officers of the
several councils have been elected and In
stalled, and they all seem to be inspired
to work with a will: for the order. -There
are. now eleven councils in this city and
twenty-one in the State. • The grand com
mander. William Metrner, and hi» able
deputies— W. D. Mansfield, a member: of
the committee -on laws , a^id supervision,
J. H:* BaTter, A.- Nathan, and C. -O.; Bur
ton, ex-grand secretary— were, very indus
trious during the Installations. The fol
lowing-named local councils were visited
by them: Golden ; California, Bohemian,
Myrtle, Protection, Alta, Metropolis,
Washington, Mystic. Golden - Star and
Golden Shore., The reports of the supreme
officers ¦ show that ¦ more ¦ than • forty i mil
lions have been • paid • out ¦as beneficiary
claims ; and ¦ that now . the , affairs -of the
order are such that all claims are prompt
ly m et : ¦ '¦ V,i. .: ¦ '.¦-¦-¦¦:. ¦- ¦- ¦¦: ¦ :V_--, )
VAN NESS aye., 400—4 neatly furnished con-
necting rooms: stationary tubs; fln« yard;
sun &1I day; northeast corner.
MISSION. 2!>;;— J or 4 eunny furnished nouse-
kepelnif rooms; bath; yard; laundry.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saosallto Ferry.
- ¦ Commencing October V ISM -
rROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL V ALLOT
v - ••¦ • AND' BAN RAFAEL. -
WEEK DATS-»T:00. ,«»:30. H:M «. Nx: n:««,
•1:40. 6:15. 8:00. «:Bfl p. m.-^
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. tn.
BUNDAYS-i*B:<». •»:•». ; *U :M •- ™-: *»!«?
1:15. »4:45. 8:30. »:06 p. m. '.
Trains marked (*) run to Ban Quentln.
FROM 3AN RAFAEL TOYSAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS- S:M. *t:SB. 1:46. »»:40 a. m.;
ni:M. 2:15. *8:40, »5:15 p. m.
¦ EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, .Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 8:40 and 10:15 p. m. ¦ • .- -
SUNDAYS— «:».-*8:00.n«:0e..ni:« «, «.;
«l:40,- •8:15. 4:45, -««:S0 ». m. . .
I Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln. I
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
, -WEEK DATS-* :43. «:45, 7:£ S. »:45 a. m.;
12:33, 2:83, 3:45, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 19:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:O6, 10:06 a. m.; 13:05. 1:16, 3:30,
1:00. 8:45 p. m. •¦¦••¦¦¦ • :-"••¦• \
¦A . " THROUGH TRAINS. .
f :00 a, m. week days— Caaadero and way station*.
3:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
1,00 a. m, SungaytrTVmtiu ua. wajr. tUtton*
HUSSION 1241— Front and back room; regular
kitchen/ stove; hot water; furnished complete;
<;uiet. '
LEWIS. 18 off Taylor, near Po«t-a unfurnished
and 8 furnished rooms. $10 and $12.
HYDE. 4»-6unny front suite, gsound floor;
. yard, sink: for housekeeping; wp. entrance.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
Monday, March 19.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. Grays Harbor.
HOWARD lU*—t front rooms, furnished com-
plete for'bousekeeping; gas range.
Knights of Pythias.
There was a meeting last week of all
the lodges ln Solano County In - the hall
of Benlcla Lodge, on which occasion the
knight rank in long form waa very credi
tably given by the team of Benicia Lodge.
•At the session there were present Grand
Keeper of Records and Seal H. Schaffner
and Supreme Representative Superior
Judge A. J. Buckles. After the ceremo
nies: there was a banquet, when there
were long and short speeches in response
to toasts. - , .
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
HOWARD. 112»— 2 eunny housekeeping rooms,
$12; also sunny corner room.
HOWAJtD. £25— Rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping.
OFARY 475— Front alcove room: light house-
keeping If desired; rent $18; gas, bath.
FULTON, €71— $ nice eunny rooms complete for
bousekeeplng; rent $12 SO.
FILLMORE. 2213, near Clay— s7. 2 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard; water.
FIFTH S'A—t or 8 furnished housekeeping,
with bath, $10 to $20; also single. $4 to ti.
FIFTH. 248— Two rooms furnished for house-
keeping; cheap rent.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
American Companions.
Last week a new circle of the Com
panions of the Forest of America wai
instituted •in Oakland by Grand Chief
Companion Mrs. Flora Jacobs, assisted by
grand officers. There were present Past
Grand Chief Mrs. M. A. Duke. Grand
Financial Secretary Miss A. D. Bremer,
Grand Recording Secretary Mrs. L. At
wood Grand Treasurer Miss Alice Ticou
let Grand Trustee Mrs. A. Davis and rep
resentatives of Excelsior, Robin Hood.
Golden Era, Loyal and Oakland circles.
The new circle starts with about forty
five charter members and the following
named as its officers for the current term:
P J Bertoli, P. C. C; Mrs. M. Figonl,
C° C ' Miss M. Cuneo, S. C. C; Mrs A.
Cavagno. T.; J. Robell. F. S.; Mrs. J. Ro
beli R. S.: Miss A. Bertoli. R. G.; Miss-
Figonl L. G.: Miss Cattell. I. G.; and Miss
B. Schaffer, O. G.
Golden Gate Circle will celebrate its
thirteenth anniversary x on the 25th of?
April by a social in the social hall of the
Alcazar : building. The ; committee will
present a good programme. .v .^SISS^SfHni
-The convention of 1900 that is arranging
for the entertainment of the delegates to
the Grand Circle has arranged for a day
and night at the Chutes on the Bth of
May. It Is stated that a number of the
young ladles of Bay. City, Golden Gate,
Live Oak, Robin Hood, Golden Era and
Inter Nos circles contemplate taking part
in an' amateur show on that night in the
Chutes Theater. -
$1400— CORNER lot: Banta Clara aye.; EOxlSO;
near Morton-st. station.
$1600— Fine lot; 10x150; Para et.. Bear the
bay: bargain.
$1000— Elegant lot. west side of Lafayette St..
near San Antonio aye.; snap.
$2200— New modern 8-room house; Alameda
avenue, near Lafayette st. ; large lot.
$1500— New Colonial. 7-room cottage ;• Grand
it., near Alameda aye.; easy installments;
large lot: snap.
Bargains ln all parts of Alameda; all the
above can be bought on easy terms. -
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPAJCT.
1500 Park st., Alameda.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE!.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
Memorial Lodge at Its meeting last Mon
day night initiated one candidate.^
Last Wednesday night San Francisco
Lodge was visited by Deputies Cunning
ham and Bauman, and during the even-
Ing there was the initiation of a candi
date and the reception of the application
of a stranger. .
The committee on lawa and amendments
of the Grand Lodge will shortly hold a
session for the purpose of considering a
number of amendments which. have been
submitted.
There is considerable electioneering at
this time in behalf of a member of a
San Francisco lodge who has announced
himself as a candidate for the office of
grand recorder. ,
It is probable that the Grand Lodge will
take some action ln regard to the insur
ance feature which the Southern Pacific
is trying to force on Its employes. ¦¦
BUSH €16— Suite of rooms, with use of kitchen
and bath; also sunny single rtfom; rent rea-
sonable.
PROPOSALS.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
X~V£at of 4 beautiful large rooms, with bath,
completely furnished for housekeeping; hoi
and cold water; gas and telephone; new
house: f.ne view; healthy location; in a small,
private family; no children wanted; rent rea-
nosable. 4231 Twentieth at., pear Castro.
MABION GRIFFIN. 71S Market, nr. Call bid*.
Land for eale ln Sonoma. Contra Costa. Glenn.
Santa Cruz. Ehasta and Tehama Cos.. Ca4.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
100 ACRES tn Stanislaus County, near rail-
road; water; growing crops; under fence and
all other improvements. Fcr particulars ad-
Arew or call W. P. CROW. U34 Polk, city.
WANTED to leaee about 3000 sq. ft. floor
space: bounded by Second, Market. Fremont
and Howard. CARL F. HAAS. 417-419 Mlsslon.
TO LEASE.
A BARGAIN; $2000 r*nch for $1200; 160 acres,
house, barn, stock, furniture: all level; party
eolns to Cape Nome. Particulars to H. MAT-
NARD, Hunters. Tehama County Cal.
A GENUINE "Snap" bargain; must sell this
week; SO acres very richest of highly culti-
vated level loam in crop; not an Inch of
waste; fenced: 110 bearing fruit trees; resi-
dence, barn. 2 wells, etc.; IV4 miles from city;
° n THT H "d ' SICKELS—the LAND AGENT.
10 Geary St.. opp. Chronicle building. S. F.
REAL ESTATE COt'VTRV — For Sa,le
storage: am> warehouses.
J2JCO— WORTH $1000: store. $ rooms, bath; flat
above, 5 rooms, bath: rented $30. 1417 Pacific.
I A NO. 1 young cows: calves 4 days old; each
milk c eals. day. ISI2 Folsom et.
T2CH.CAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Co.tnecting Trai.v Leaves San Fk ancisc«i
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
saturday, arriving; In Chicago at 2: 15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
pynnpec p. m. with Palace and Tourist
Ka •• w *^ n ior Kansas CUT, St. Lonis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains oetween Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tatars nr\At\
and Bakersneld. j • KUAU
SEC YOU IN " Saa Francisco office. 623
'FDlsrO (OnN Market Street, Phone Mala
TKIdIU MJUN 1531; Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramento,2olJ Street; San Joae.7 West
Santa. Clara Street. «
HAVE you real estate ln the Mission or Hom-
er's Addition that you wish to dlsDoee of
then call on W. J. GUNN. £30 California St.
IF >cv have lots ln Richmond district, north of
th»_Park. that you wish to sell Quickly then
call en W. J. GUNN. 130 California st.
Foresters of America.
Last week, at the session of Court
Aurora, there was a good attendance of
members, who were, edified by the
initiation of a candidate by the new offi
cers. They acquitted themselves in a very
acceptable manner. During the evening
Dr. G. W. Day wait, for many years the
Ehysician of the court, but since the
reaklng out of the Spanish-American
war a surgeon ln the United States army,
was, on behalf of the court, by Grand
Secretary ¦ Cordy, presented a beauti
ful gold medal emblematic of the order
as a reminder of the court's appreciation
of his many kind attentions to the mem
bership that required his professional
services and of their esteem of him as a
gentleman and a soldier. The doctor
made a very pleasant response,
At the meeting of Junior Court Pride
of California last week there were
present a number of visitors from adult
courts, who, under good of the order,
expressed their, admiration of the disci
pline that is noticeable ln the courtroom
and of the businesslike manner in which
the affairs of the court are conducted.
Among the speakers were Past Chief
Ranger Isaacs, Past Chief Friedman,
Past Chief Stockwitz, the chief ranger of
Court Golden Gate; 8. B. Levy, chief
ranger of Junior Court Golden West, and
Financial Secretary Ben Garren of the
sitting court. This court is still at work
securing a team to meet a team from
Court Junior Pride of the Pacific on the
diamond to contest with It for baseball
honors, and the California boys think they
can get away with the Pacifies.
Court Sutro Heights No. 136, A. O. F.,
at a largely attended meeting last
week, decided to celebrate Its anni
versary by a n excursion on the bay. L.
Livingston, J. Murray, J. W. Gleadell.
Dr." L. H. Grunlng and George K. Small
were appointed to make arrangements.
Three candidates were initiated. B. M.
Clancy was elected senior woodward. The
court decided to move from Native Sons'
Hall to Pythian Castle. W. B. Faulkner,
the courts treasurer, will shortly leave
for the East on a vacation. J. W. Glea
dell and J. Murray were elected delegates
to the Grand Court and George K. Small
and W. J. Boradorl were elected as alter
nates. ¦..; :X;. "-
A BARGAIN— Co«t $S>XW: will sell for $3000;
house and lot in the MUslon warm belt; con-
taining 7 rooms and bath; high basement;
brick foundation; half caeh: balance to re-
main on mortgage: or will exchange for Im-
proved ranch. Address box 2565, Call office.
LADlES— Chlchetter's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies," in letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chtchester Chemical Co.. Philadel., Pa.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
G E Sims. N T
H B Wood. San Jose
Mrs H B Wood. S Joea
S Be Her by. London
Mrs Buckingham. Cal
J Brenner. Sacto
E H Lyons. N V
P L Sinclair. Tacoma
F Kane. Oakland
C F Abrams, Ptland
A Stuart. Detroit
J F Callahan, Bostoir
S A Callahan. Boston
F A Rogers, Redding
J F Coleman. Redding
T Voorhles, Phila
Mrs T Voorhies, Phila
Miss M Voorhleu, Phila
Miss P Voorhies, Phila
H Voorhles. Phila
R E Plumb. Detroit
M Bailey. Phila
R E Green. Los Ans
O H Poole. Yokohama
Miss N Poole. Yokoha
J R Dayton. Quincy
T Garrett. N V
J Bird. N V
A T Porter N V
J W Donnelly. N V
Mrs J W Donnelly. NY;
W H 'Hammond. Minn
G H Corbln. N V
J W Corbln. N V
C E Cahn. N T
D W Simpson. N V i
W Coffin. Boston I
J Daggett. Cal
W L Huse 3t w. Ma/
Mrs E H Klttrldxe.
Oakland
Miss X H Klttrldse.
Oakland -
L Brown. Riverside
F F Hall. Riverside
W H ¦ Granbery & w.
N T
Miss Granbery. N T
E T Granbery. N V
W Shenk. Plttsburi
W W Sherman. N V
R B Klttridge & w. NY
Miss Marshall. N V
A B Bond. Ky
Mrs A B Bond. Ky .
H Westlnghouse. Pitts
Mrs H Westlnshouse,
Plttsbure
Miss A Westinghouse,
Pittsbun
Miss Cowan, PittJburg
Dr E Holden. N J
Mrs E Holden. N J
C F Ward. Bridgeport
Mrs C F Ward. Conn
Miss M Ward, Conn
J W Mather. N V
R S Hills, N V
C Welborn. Los Ang
J Sparks. Reno
C S Jones. Phila
H F Smith & w. Phila
| A M Frlck. lowa
I W W ChaDln. Sacto i
GRAND HOTEL.
M Nathan. Inters
B F Walton. Sutter Co
F D Sprague, Sacto
Q T Frost. Exeter
F G King. Denver
Rev A Eakln. S Cni»
C E Lindsay. S Crui
W M Sell. Ahwahree
C Washburn. Wawona
W Delchmeyer. S Jose
B W Lewis. Stockton
J D Smith, Danville
L H Alexander. Orovlll
W Pollock. Alameda
W H Murphy. P Alto
J J Sheehan. Palo Alto
H H MCarthy. Cal
D D Ballou. S L Obspo
W E Hawkins. Cal
F A Autenrleth. Treka
J M Davidson. F Jones
M L Mery & w. Chlco
S Russ. Denver
W Kraft. New Torie
J R Dayton A w. 11l
E A Ferris. Minn
F B Johnson. Minn
F C Stettler; Dayton
A Weilheimer. Fresno
C W Savage & w. Cal
D R Slman. Denver
T A Posh & w. Pa
B F Hodgeman * w.
Wheeling
N J Sutherland ft w.
Chicago
J Dick Xc w. Ind
Mrs E M Tlffen. Monty
G N TifTen. Monterey
Mrs H V Kohle. Montrl
Miss M Woods. Montr!
P W Morse. Watsonvil
J J Hebbron. Salinas
W J Treat. St Paul
H Headley. Ocean City
J O O'Connor. Va
J Russell. Stockton
T L Tompklns. Ala
H V Muller. Salln&a
M Prince. Santa Rosa
J Rosenberg & w. Cal
C E Arthur. Spokane
P Lewis. Stockton
W Mitchell. Pa
E C Plney. Columbia
H R McNoble. Stocktn
M J Benton & w. N J
C M Harvey.- Chicago
H M Williams & w.lnd
M C Nason. Seattle .
I Rothschild. Ohio
C N Marders. Colusa
D G Mltchell.Rlverslde
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J A Collins. Minn
R F Bevan. Canada
J C Latta, Canada
W Chlnn. S Dakota
J Simeon. Seattle
D M Smith. Mich
H N Remington. Colo
A. E Covlngton. Ogden
W E Conlln. Ogden
W Reavls. Chicago
T Fay. Vallejo
N Almas. Vancouver
A O Hanson, Wash
W H Mock. San Joe«
C Wilson, Napa
W Holtum. Cal
F C Paulln A wf. I, An
J Russell, Vallejo
1 E Barrtay. Fresno •
G Rogers. Madera
M Britahig. Fresno • :
J Sullivan. Uklah ¦
R S Kirk. San Jose
J E Thornton, Va
O N Stork A wf. Chgo
R Brown, Chgo
W H Taylor, San Jo«e
W P Butler, Minn
Mrs J B Brown. Ft
Bonlta
8 W -Chambers. B C
C W Babcock. Mont ¦
J P Smith. Fresno
G Bedlck. Oregon
Miss Byers. Sumncr
Miss Sprague. Oregon
Rer J E HalL Minn
Miss E . Derede.ro. Co
lumbia • . -
Miss M Burgess. Mass
A F Hyer. 3 City. N M
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itchlnjr. external, internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
rtandlnir. 1628 Devisadero St., near Sutter.
Grimes Sentenced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN, March 19.— Thomas Grimes,
who shot and killed a fellow-miner at
Ophir two months ago over a game of
cards, was to-day sentenced to twenty
four years in San Quentln.
California Limited
Santa Fe 'Route
Adjudged Insane.
LOS ANGELES. March 19.-C. C. Kocfc
endorfer of Allegheny. Pa., was adjudged
insane by the authorities here to-day. He
has just arrived here from the East,
where he was formerly employed ln a na
tional bank, but lost his position.
A— HOTEL ¦La Normandie, 82« Eddy— Bunny
suites and slnple rooms; everything new; first-
class table and service; prices moderate.
NEW family hotel; first class in all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special inducements to
select people. 807 California St., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
Knights of Honor.
. Yerba Buena Lodge last week re
ceived ¦ two applications. Next Monday
night this lodge will give a social ln the
social hall of the Alcazar bnilding for the
younger members of the lodge and their
lady friends who may wish to dance, and
there will be in an adjoining room a set
of tables for those who, not wishing to
dance, may enjoy a game of progressive
whist.
A call has been Issued for three mem
bers from each lodge to meet in the Al
cazar building on the 27th inst. for the
purpose of arranging for the annual pic
nic which will be given on May 30.
Last week. Liberty Lodge was vis
ited by Leland Stanford and Friend
ship lodges, and later in the evening
Yerba **vena Lodge paid a fraternal visit.
The meeting hall was crowded by an ag
gregation of Knights, who were treated
to an interesting entertainment, the feat
ure of which was the reading of a patri
otic address that was delivered by Senator
Dickinson, a Union Democrat, shortly
after Fort Sumter was fired on. It was
read by Ben I. Salomon. O. A. ; D., and
was exceedingly well received.
were also songs by M. L. Crowe, M. Mar
tin of Yerba Buena and addresses by the
grand dictator, the grand reporter and
Grand Trustee Joy.
Compromise Effected.
L.OS ANGELES, March 19.— Th© con
demnation suit of the Government against
A. P. Johnson to condemn for Government
use land adjoining the postofflce site h*ra
will not be tried. A compromise was ef
fected to-day. Johnson agrees to take
120,000 for the property, which the owner
formerly held at $40,000.
COAST I>I VISION (ItroaiHiaage).
(Third and TowngeiM> St*)
THIRTEENTH. 175— Back parlor, bedroom,
kitchen, large pantry; rant $12.
Depots Bobbed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. March 19.— News comes
here from Gonzalea that the depot at that
place was robbed on Friday night, the
thieves getting in through a window
which they opened and taking away all
the cash left in the money drawer by the
station agent— about $S 50. On the same
night the depot at Chualar, a neighboring
town, was entered, the lock on the door
to the agent's office being broken and the
money drawer demolished. There tha
thieves only, secured about $4. In both
cases the burglars got away without be
ing discovered, and the officers have been
unable to find any trace of them.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in t either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HAUSTEIN— In this city, March 10. 1900, to the
'wife of Henry G. Hausteln, a son.
RAHMER— In this city, March IS. 1900, to the
wife of Fred Rahmer, a son.
WILDGANS— In this city, March 13. 1900, to
the wife of Georg* Wlldgans, a daughter.
THE HOWARD HOUSE. 549 Howard St.— Nice
single rooms, 7oc week up; double, $1 25.
PLUMBERS.
THE PIEDMONT, 119 A Sixth.— Sunny furnished
rooms; double and single; easy terms.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
COAST IHTIMON (sarron Gauge).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
.C. C - or> O^^ELL-Offlce and residence,
1P»1^ Market rt.. b»t. Ptxth and Seventh.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
ST. PETER'S HOUSE. 705 California— Changed
hands; nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keeping rooms.
ALASKA fur samr-nts. hoods, mitts, leather
coats H. M HFTVKMAN. 10« Pansom* »t.
SIXTEENTH. 3023, near Mission— Front room,
nicely furnished: bath and phope.
SHERMAN Apartment House. J8 Eighth St..
near Market — FurnUhed and unfurnished.
LADIES' and gents' cast-eff clothing bought and
gold. Silverman. 954 Folsom; tel Folsom 11S1.
IF you wleh full value for your cast-off cloth-
icg call on B. Cohen. 157 Third; tel Black 4123.
SAN ANTONIO, 21 Taylor, near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator: new
furniture; hot and cold water: radiators; salt
sea baths; suites and single rooms.
i " AN JEJ ED T ow firol<l for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jew^W. I4S OFarrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
«£, D^, curM rheumatism, headaches, neu-
paln leaves llk * ™»He f«m her
wonderfully sifted hand?. 1543 Howard st
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Albln Axkelson. 45. 521 Post street, and Eliza-
beth Culmerry, 55, 521 Poet street.
Arthur E. White. 26, city, and Katie M. John-
son, ti, city.
Orvllle C. Baldwin, 28, 2380 Pine street, and
Ella L. Peterson, 21, 1515 Webster street.
Charles S. Miles, 22, Petaluma, and Laura E.
Carum. 20. Suva. City.-
George A. Rlgg, 43. city, and Elllnnor L.
Alexander. 44. city.
Alfred Matthews. 22, 833 Dolores street, and
May Rodgers. 20. 20 Chesley street.
Charles Dourlas, 41, San Jose, and Angle P.
Ag-new. 40. San Jose. \
Enrico Puerari. 59. Ross Valley, and Mar-
garet Lamler, SB, city.
Callxte V. B. Nauruler, *4, 511 Hyde street,
and Marie Laville, 21. 816 Larkln street.
Henry Hanselman. 39, Oakland, and Minnie
N. Wllcke. 28. city.
ROYAL HOUSE. 12« Kills st— Incandescent
light, reading: room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor: rooms, per nl^ht, 35c to $1 60; week, $2
to JS; month. $5 to $20: Mevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and oold water: baths.
fuu «£" W 7 >nd "s" 1(1 clotni «* "tore. 79 Ninth:
ck thin! ** t n tCr lad!M '- children's cast-o2
clothing, trunks, etc. Phone. Howard 11S2.
ROBEDALE Houie. 319 & 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
H^ST R i« C 4^ te ln * ver * ™ m -- Winchester
23? tk » f JllJ 11 rfl Bt ,'w near M M"ret:" rret:k et: 100 rooms;
£L ?»*i 50 PV nlBrht : »» to $« per week
tr ** *™* " n( l b&Kgage to and from the ferry
OAKLAND ROOMS.
HOWARD. $2S— Rooms from $1 week up to $5.
25c to Jl night; also housekeeping romos.
HOWARD, 1511 A —Furnished room, with use of
bath; board optional.
Woodmen of the World.
Redwood Camp No. 91 has under the di
rection of the new officers recently In
stalled been making remarkable progress
lately. Initiations are in order on the
first and third Thursday of each month
in the new quarters in Pythian Castle.
The camp is always ready to extend the
glad -hand to any .neighbor of woodcraft
who will visit it. Last Thursday night
the degree team of Golden Gate Camp la
full regalia conferred the degree . in the
amplified form on several candidates with
that perfectness for which it has gained
deserved commendation. There wert.
present a large number of members of
the order.
$4500 WILL buy new modern house, 12 rooms;
fine Improvements; large stable. . 1520 Eighth
aye.. Oakland: keys next door south.
I'KRSOXAts.
BELLE— OUDRT~ — — ~~ J.
i ; IS NOT A LADY.
T "J? ;*«¦>• neatest parlors In the city and only
Be for the very latest hair stylesf rna"l?Sr-
jf-S^k^n"ft U " da> *- ' t0 "• G " U R.
!r£, ERK F S < 2 u!nt °n»f* Hair Tonic Sic botL
?um £ r! K ° arno Sk *«"Poo 5c pk| a£
ivst what I^derer uses at 12$ Stockton st.
GIRARD HOUSE. 162 Seventh— Pleasant sunny
roon>&; day or week; moderate rates.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7»1 MUslon St.— Select
family rooming house: $1 50 to $« per week.
2 FINE sunny rooms; unfurnished; rent low,
26 O*ary ft.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms;sultes or single; travelers accom.
FOLSOM, SCS. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms: suites or single; new mgrnt.
¦^^^s^?^?sggsff^
I'ALMISTm.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
F«:LL. «23— FamUy owning home will accom-
modate a few gentlemen.
FOLSOM. *30— Furnished sunny single . rooms,
with oil rtoves; $4 and $3 per month.
\OOMS TO LET Furn. and Unfnrn.
1016— Elegant, modern sunny rooms;
bath: parlor; private family; meals optional.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
WILL AGAIN
HAVE A CITY
GOVERNMENT
A Call Has Been Prepared
for an Election in-
Placerville.
Owing to Trouble Over Railroad
. Bonds the Municipal Officers All
Resigned Twenty-Seven
Years Ago.
Special Dispatch to Tb« CalL
- PLACE RVILLE, March 19. — Hon.
Charles A. Swester. Prentiss Carpenter
and Fred Irwin, -all prominent attorneys
of this city, who compose the commission
recently appointed by Governor Gage to
reorganize the munlciapl government of
this city, will on Wednesday issue their
proclamation calling a municipal election
for Tuesday, April 17. to elect a full set of
cHy - officials.
The reorganization of the city govern
ment ends the long contest between the
citizens of this city and the holders of the
bonds voted by the city of Placerville in
1863 to aid the construction of the railroad
from Folsom to Placerville. Thirty-four
thousand five hundred dollars in bonds
was issued at that time, but the com
pany failed to build the railroad to Placer
ville, stopping at Shingle Springs, twelve
miles from Placerville, and the city gov
ernment refused to pay either principal
or interest on the bonded indebtedness.
Early in 1573 the officials of the city all
resigned, and for twenty-seven years Pla
cerville has had the anomalous experience
of being a city without a single city offi
cial. •
In October last 108 citizens of the city
united Id the execution of a joint note for
the sum of $36,315 25, a . prominent San
Francisco bank advanced the money upon
the note and the money was used to pay
the railroad bond indebtedness of the
city. A new series of bonds will be issued
by the new city government, which will
be subscribed for by local capital, and the
citizens' note paid. ,
The railroad bond indebtedness of the
city amounted in principal and accrued
interest to over $281,000. The compromise
was effected on the basis of paying the
principal alone.
Citizens of all classes are overjoyed that
the long struggle is over and all predict
that the historic little mountain city will
now enter upon a new era of prosperity.
years ( months and It dar». • (Washington.
¦ D. C, papers please copy.)
KING— In this city, March lfi : 1900, Paul King.
Look under the name of Hairy Tuthlll for fu-
neral notice of Paul King. , • '
LAWLER-In this city. March 19, 1900. Pat-
rick, dearly beloved husband of Marie Lawler,
and loving father of John, Annie,' Lizzie, Ed-
ward and Thomas Lawler, k native of County
Carlow. Ireland, aged 62 ywars. v
LONERGAN— In this clty.V March 17. 1900,
James H.. dearly beloved husband of Mary
Lonergan, and father of Annie and James
: Lonergan, a native of Couuty Tlpperary, Ire-
land, aged tl years. A member of Terba
Buena Lodge No. 14, A. O. U. W.
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect,
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock/ from his late resi-
dence. 23 Sheridan street, thence to St- 'Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clook. Interment Mount Calvary Cem-
etery.
McCULLOUGH— In this city, March 18, 1900.
Peter, beloved husband ot the late Annie Mc-
Cullough, and father of Mary, Katherlne and
Peter McCullough, a native of Legcloughtln,
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 63 years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
' : residence, 1113 Folsom street, corner of Lang-
ton, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem bi«h mass will be celebrated- for the
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McGUIRE— In this city, March 17, 1900. Mar-
garet 8., beloved wife of Frank J. McGulre.
mother of Frank X.. Edna L, Albert A.,
Myrtle 1., Thomas and the late Mary Mc-
Guire daughter of Mary and the late Thomas
Reynolds, and sister of James, Mary, John.
Katie and the late Thomas F. Reynolds, a
native of San Francisco, aged 34 years 5
months and 26 days. •
ETTrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ! the funeral Ihls day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her lite resi-
dence, 222 Gates street, off Cortland^ avenue,
Bernal Heights, thence to St. John's* Church
(formerly St. Mary's College), where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for th« repoee
of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery- , "
McNALLY— In Oakland, March 17. 1900. Peter
J. McNally. beloved son Peter and Mag-
gie McNally, aeed 6 days.
MAISON— In this city. March 19. 1900, Helene
G. Malson, late beloved wife of the late H.
A. MalHon mother of F. W., Thomas. Ben-
ard and Louise Malson, and sister of Benard
H.- Lucke, a native of San Francisco, aged 43
years 5 months and 18 days.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
— dence 117 Beulah street, thence to the French
Church of Notre Dame dcs Victolres. where
services will be held. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
MATICK— In thli city, March 18, 1900. Louis M.,
dearly beloved husband of Annie Matick, ana
loving father of May. Lizzie and Annla
Matick and Mrs. Luke Battles, a native of
Ragousa, Austria, aged 73 years and 6 days.
(C7"FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence 1306 Pacific street, near Leaven-
worth ' thence to St. Brlgld's Church, corner
of Van Ness avenue and Broadway, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
MURPHT^-In this city, March IS. 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of John Murp-y, mother of the
late Mrs. Daniel Gavlgan, Mrs. John Cough-
lln Mrs. Elinor Dunn and Catherine Murphy,
a native of Ireland, aged 67 years.
ZZ7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 60 Sharon street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated ;or the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
NIELSEN— In this city. March IS. 1900, Thomas
P J dearly beloved and only child of Cap-
ta'ln Thomas and Olivia Nielsen, a native of
San Francisco, aged 5 months and 19 days.
PERRY— In Corte Madera. March 19, 1500, Min-
erva Elizabeth, eldest daughter of John C.
and Lois A. Perry, and sister of Jennie L.
Harry and John Perry and Mrs. H, X, Horr-
man. a native of San Francisco.
(CT Remains at the funeral parlors o* Por-
ter & White. 122 Eddy street. Interment Half-
moon Bay Cemetery, via 9 a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets.
PETERSON —In Oakland, March 18. 1900,
Charles A. A., beloved husband of Ella Peter-
son father of Cora and Ruth Peterson, and
son of Charles Peterson, a native of Oregon,
aged 41 years S months and 22 days.
KT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
tbls day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at his late j
residence. 1707 Eleventh street. West Oakland,
under the auspices of West Oakland Lodge
No. 141. K. of P. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
ROWLAND — In this city, March IS. 1900,
Laura, dearly beloved daughter of Mary and
the late W. T. Rowland, and sister of Willis
T Rowland. Mrs. T. J. Clark of New York
and Alice Rowland, aged 15 years 5 months
and 20 days. (Portland. Or., and New York
City papers please copy.)
(E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), -at 2 o'clock, from her late rest- ;
oence. 254 A Shipley street, between Fifth and
Sixth, thence to St. Patrick's Church. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCHAERER— In this city. March 18. 1300. Maria,
beloved daughter of . Emiel and Mary. Schaerer
and sister of Emelie Schaerer, a native of
San Francisco; aged 4 months and 18 days.
ET-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), March 20. at 10 o'clock, from 623
Commercial street, between Kearny and
Montgomery. Interment OdC Fellows' Ceme-
¦ tery.
SKELLY— In Colma, March 19, 1900. Loretta.
youngest and beloved daughter of John and
Mary Skelly. and slater of Gertrude Skelly, a
native of Colma, aged 7 months.
BMITH— In this city, March 17, 1900. Mrs. Anna
Smith, a native of Germany, aged 50 years.
(DTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H F Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission itreet, be-
tween Seventh an* Eighth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
STOUT— In this city, March 18, 1900. Charles
8 beloved husband of the late Marie E.
Stout, and father of Charles E. Stout, a na-
tive of lowa, aged 64 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
TUTHILL— InHhis city. March 18, 1900, Harry
Tuthlll. . alias Paul King-, beloved son of
Cynthia A. Tuthlll of Brooklyn. N. T.. and
nephew of Dr. Oeorge B. and Ellsa M. Tol-
man of San Francisco, a native of New Tork,
aged 35 yearß. (New York papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from, the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 313 Mason
street between Geary and O'FarrelL \
WAINWRIGUT— In this city, March 18. 1900,
Edward W., beloved husband of Levlna
Wain wright. father of Dorothy, and Emily
Walnwright. son of William and Annie Wain-
wrlght and brother of Harry H., Elizabeth
A , Anna and Will G. Walnwright. a native
of San Francisco, aged 37 years 2 months and
18 days. ¦ '
IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday.) at I o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3 Tremont avenue, near Waller street.
Interment private. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 20, 1900.
ELLIS, £18— Elegantly furnished front and back
p&rlor; ai»o •Ingle room.
inst will pay an official visit to Court
Placer at Dutch Flat.
Arrangements are .being made for the
organization of a new court In this city
and it is probable that it will be Instituted
this week. . .
Court German America No. 7472, Ancient
Order of Foresters, gave Its thirteenth
anniversary ball In the social hall of the
Foresters' building last Sunday night.
During the evening Past Chief Banger
P. " Goessel spoke a few words for the
good of i the order* and Professor J.
Moeser gave Instrumental selections, as
sisted by the California Zither Club. There
was a good programme of dances, and all
present had an enjoyable time. The com
mittee of arrangements was composed of
P. Goessel.- Philip Eller and W. J. Plage
mann.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
MVTBBWI rACIVIC fWMrAMT.
(PACIFIC 5 i STEM.)
Trains l«aie »n«l nr* dv« to arrlis at
MAN ru.aNtusrn.
(Main line. Foot or' Market Street)
ljavi — Fkom Fbbrca-It 23, 1900. — auiti
A— sl7s CASH, $15 monthly till paid; new cozy
2-story modern house of 6 rooms; all through
first class; sanitary plumbing, etc; fine large
lot. all fenced; grand view; Al soli; climate
the very best; away from cold winds and
foge: one block from electric line and school-
house; 10 minutes' walk to steam local trains;
neighborhood first-class; nice home surround-
ing; price ln ail $1850, but see what you get
for your money; Gallndo settlement. Feral ta
aye.. adjoining East Oakland. Call or send
fcr circular, 455 Seventh St., near Broadway,
Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
HOWARD. IJl3— Nioely furnished single front
room.
FOR rent— Modern 7-room upper flat: $16. B.
H. WELCH A CO., 1883 Fifth aye.. East Oak-
land. . .
MINNA. 667. corner Elshth— New furnished bay
window room. $1 per week; transient^
NINTH JS— Nicely furnished sunny rooms to
let.
SUNNT rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
ing; $4 up. Hotel Shasta.' 1226 Broadway.
OFARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo.
OAKLAND FUHMTUKB FOR SALJ3.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or single; running water; gas; reas.
•7:OOa Benidn, Suismi, E'min, VaeaTCle,
Ruinaey an J Saertoaento *7>Or>
•7:04»a Shasta Exprfss— I>aTis, Willows.
KeU BluS, Jtortlind •7MSs>
•7«30* Maitinex. Man Uam<:D,Valleja. Napa, -
Calistcca and Santa Kosa mjlSp
•9s3o* The o»CTlan.llaoiite<i-Ogden, Den-
Ter, Onjalu. I'hici^fi *3il3s>
••¦so* Sin Jose. IJTcrmore, Htockton.
lone. Saerauiectn. Flaeertllle,
Mi\ry«»llln, Chlco. llert Bluff M>lllp
•S«3O\ 'Milton, l>ak(U!i\fcOEonv. Carters... # lslsp
•9:««» ll.iywanls, Niks anil Way (Stations. •! Is43a
•»:OOa Div'j. Woodland. Knlihta Laadlag.
HaryiTille, OrofUta. *7sl3p
•O:O«a Atlantic Kxprtsa— Ogden end East •»?*»*
•1»:OOa Martinez. Tr ier. Latbrop, Btockton,
Merced an<l Vrsaoa *12:13p
•!>:»« * Port CosU, I-'resno, Mcja»o ami I.c» -
A»«eUs •0:43p
• IAOOi Valif Jo. Martinez an«l Way Stations ••»»3p
•11:00.1 Nlles, Liveraiore, Stockton. Sacra-
mento, tlenuuta. ilaafonl, Visalia.
rcrterriUo MilSf
>!<:•«¦ lUTwarOs. KUes and Way SUtions. *a>43p
tliAOpS^ctamentoUiferHtetmers t*iOOv
•3:« Op IlaywazOs. NiUs and Way Stations. # »t43#
•4it»«»r Martlnvx. S>u lUraoii. Vallejo.
S*p<». O«lbit..««, Santo Ro»» •»tl»*
•Itoor Bvatcia, VacaTllle. .Sacramento,
Wuixllntxl, KiilkuU IJluJlne.
• • MaryMillow O»»»ille •!•:««
•¦li3<>p Sllej, Han .loeoaii.l Btockton *7>l3r
•3:O«pTho Onl Limited— Tracr. Fresno.
' BakcraQcM. Sangus for Santa Bar- "*
bara. V>l An«eles. MOK» A
aSiOOpSumt Limited— El Paso. New Or-
leans &ai E.at «!O»«a4
•3:SOp St<Kkton. Ueicl. Krwno *13>13»
•."i::iop Vießiuo. Ha^enUsUt. HauU liatbais,
Ix>a Aogelcs. IVmlnj, El Puo.
Kew Orleans and East *9t43A
*3>3«p Kant* r.i Kuulo— Atlantlo Eipress
for Mo|tli ami Kuat f B:J.l»
•0:OOp ITaTirarfU, NllnamlUan Jose •";!"» 4
?OiSOp Vailoju »I2il»»
•oi3«r Oriental M*n— Osilen. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chlc«s» ••»*»*
•«»S»r Oriental ilall— Ogden, Cenrer.
Omaba, Chicwoi *4<lSr
J7:»Op Vallcjo. Port Costo and Way BU-
ttona. t»sa3»
- •9:»3r Oregon and California Kiprom, Sao>
rameuto. M.rjs.illo. llr.UlliiK.
IViklniMl. Tiuot h.m.Ht and Fjta> *»!i!*4
•S:lsANewark.OP!it 1 -r»ill«.H«n.lose.FMtoo.
Bon!<3«rCrrek,KMtaCruzaiHlWay
BtaUons »5i(»«»
f«<l3p Newark, Oiiterfille, San Jose, New
Akuaden, Felton, Itoulder Creek,
Saata dm and Principal Way
Stations f »•«•"»•*
MilSp Newark, Kan Joso, Los Catoa. *»i*»i
MlilJp Uantera' i:icursl>n. San Jcsa and
WayHUMoos t7»— *
TURK, 543— Clean, quiet room for gentleman,
with bath. $5 a monUi; private family.
TVRK. 19, and 1122 Market (Parker House)—
Nicely furnished sunny suites; also other
rooms; rent reasonable; by day, week or mo.
TURK, 24 — Funny furnished rooms, $1 25 per
week; suites. $4 up; changed hands.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. „
•ramSJii mSCIJCO— foot of lUrkri Strtit (S!b 8)—
*7:IS 9:0O ll:00«.tf. JI:C3 *2:C3 U-29
•i:CO 15.-C3 *C:s3r.u.
.rr^o»KU»3~r3attrSr»»4w.f.—"CM. r r^0»KU»3~r3attrSr»»4w.f.— "CM 8:00 10.-OOsJf.
f!2:CO '1:00 12.-C3 *3:C3 |4:C3 'S.-Carj*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia ft.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk ft.: open until 9 p. m.
ROOMS AMJ HOARD.
H^T^L^Xlß^ilot?NTT~l7M^UirkeT^ru— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms: en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table first class;
reduced rates.
ttfslOA Ocean Vievr. H.xilh Sun Franctaco.. t****»
• J:O<»* San Jow ami Way Stations (Kew
Aluwtleii Wwlumdaysouly) »1:»«»
•»:•«* .«Uu Jow. Ties I'fiioa, Hanta Crux,
I'aclllc (Wore. Pun Untiles. Hux
I.nls Oliispo, Bnrf, Lompoo and.
Principal \V«» Stations •<«!•*
•14H40A Sail Jo.ioam! W»y HUtlona *«iB3A
•llia«>A Baa Joso and Way Stations. *S«SOr
ta-.4srBati M*t-o, Kedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo- Alto. Hanta Claim. BanJoae.
Tres Picos, B*ut» Cms. Salinas.
Monterryau.l l>acMo Gxors 4I«iS«&
f:VX*r SanJoseand Way Stations *7:3i>r
1 1 tl.ir Saa Josean.t Principal Way Stations *1>:43»
fs:OOpBanJosoaud Principal W»y SUUons t9:OOa
•i::t(»r SanJnaeanJ Principal Wsy Stations *ft:B3*
•«.-:«Op 3»n Jose ami WayStatlons ?»s4K>a
Hlf4->p San Jpaaawt Way Stations »7i3Oy
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Daily. t Hunriay exmpted. { Sunday only.
rb Saturday only.
a Tuesdays and Fridays ¦ c Thursdays and Sunday*,
EXCELLENT board, bath, phone, fine room
for two gentlemen. $!»; 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny and Market: references.
HOTEL SALISBURY, Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS. l«20 Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
mi.; private- bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
VAN NESS aye.. 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms
and board: furnlched and unfurnished: $30 up.
THISTLETON, 272 Sadowa et.. Ocean View.
has the most deair&V.e and cheapest homes
In San Francisco.
$7tO for 5-ruom cottage: Plymouth aye.
$800 buys a nice 4-room cottage; lot 25x125.
$STA— Nice house: I lots. 50x125: bargain.
8900—4 rooms. l*»;i;. h.>t and cold water, etc.
tlOOO— Elecant cottage on Broad et.
$1100 each— 2 lovely cottage*: lot 23x200 each.
The above property Is located on the choic-
est streets ln Ocean View; streets craded; S.
V. water, etc.. and within 4 minutes" walk of
street cars; also new S-roem house, all mod-
ern improvements. 43 Prospect aye.. near Mis-
eion-st. power house; cost $1000; will cell for
. $16j0 on easy terms. Nice building lots near
the cars from $!¦>'. $200 and 13^0 each; can be
bought on installments or far cash. Cottages
for rent and rtnts collected.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION* CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms S-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from- $3; whitened, $l-up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
6EWI.NO MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 Cth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrine at lowest rat»«. 205 Fourth *t.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market rt. ;
tel. South E35; packing, moving and storage.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 6713.
BEKIN*B Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market;
tel. South £33; packing, moving and storage.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 77 (25 cents
per chare) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company. No. 327 Market St., on and
after Tuesday. March 20, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Wednesday. March 14, 1900. at
t p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
CILffOSNU ROnfITESTEBH IT. CO.
t .Tnc^g mm
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIB
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon f*rry. Foot of Market St
BAN FKAXCISCO TO SAJT RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9X9. 11:00 a, m.: 11:3 a,
3:30. 5:10, . 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra, trips at V.tM
and 11:20 p. m.
•UNDAYS-S:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. in.; I:3<X 3:34,
8:00. C:3O p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:». 7:50, »:20. 11:10 a.m.; 11:4*.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips al
1:55 and «:35 P. m.
BUNDAYS-e:10. »:40, I1U» a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 1.-40.
5:25 p. m
Between San , Ftandsco and SChnetxea Park
same schedule as above.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Franciscan
-¦ I October 13. *
¦ Week ' Bun- IS9». Sun- "Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Day*.
7:30 am 8:00 am NovatOw l»:40 ami 8:*) ana
8:30 ptn 9:30 am. Petaluma. «:05 pm!U>:2s aca
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:39 pmj (:23 pta
Fulton.
T:3O am Windsor. 10:23 an
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Qeyservllle,
1:30 pm 8:00 an cloverdale. 7:33 pm <:S1 pn>
tJO ami IHopland and I I
I 8:00 am| Uklaa. | 7:35 pm{ »:O pa
7:30 am ' . 10:13 ana
f :00 am Ouernevllle. 7:33 pm
S:3O pm ' * . *:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sonoma ( 9:15 arc! S:4ftan»
and )
1:10 pm) 6:0O pm| Glen Ellen. | (:05 pm| f:S2 pm
T:» am| 8:00 am ! SebastopoL |10:40 am!l»:2s ana
»:30pm| S:oOpm| I 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulnhur'Spiinga; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at GeyservlHe for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprtnn.
Kelseyrllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lait»-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlcny
Springs, 6aratoga Springs. Bine Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Dajrs. Riverside. LJer!ey*s»
Bucknell's. Sannedrtn Heights. HullvUle,' Orr*a
Hot * Springs, Mendoctno Ctty. i Fort Bra.es.
West port, Usal. Willltts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olaea's. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.-
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to . an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices 650 Market .st.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITINO. ¦ R. X. RYAN. -
General Managar. | Gen. Pass. Agent.
O G. MAY & CO. offer these new modern
Berkelf homes for sale.
$2*oo— « rooms d bath.
$3250— 7 rooms and bath.
$3500—1* rooms and bath.
. $3700 — 9 room* and bath.
$4130—9 rooms and bath.
All with street work done;valso cottages
from $1000 upward; see our fine building sites.
O G. MAY & CO., opp. High School, Berke-
ley Station. ¦¦*-¦¦
11The Chinese Language.
John Fryer. LL.D., Agassis professor of
Oriental languages and literature at the
University of California, lectured at the
Academy of Sciences last evening on "The
Language and Literature of China." His
lecture was a trite description of the con
struction of the Chinese tongue. Its writ
ten characters and characteristics and Its
various. and numerous dialects. He then
took up the literature, dramatic and oth
erwise, and the literary sentiment, or
what there is or literary sentiment among
the people. The hall was crowded and the
lecturer was given marked attention
advertise:ments.
NATIVE SONS' BABY.
Army and Navy Parlor Organized
and Installed in Native,
Sons' Hall.
Army and Navy Parlor of the Native
Sons of the Golden West, the baby, parlor
of the order, was instituted In : Native
Sons' Hall last night . by . Grand President
Frank Mattlson, Grand Organizer John A.
Stelnbach, Grand Secretary Lunstedt and
a number of other grand officers. The
petition contains the names of , 175 men
who served in the volunteer army at the
Philippines and of this number ninety-two
were initiated. The following named offi
cers were installed by Deputy Grand
President J.W. Lewis, assisted by Judge
Frank H. Kerrigan as grand marshal and
J. J. Jamison as grand secretary : C. P.
Deitrlch, past president; Harry F. Mc-
Gurren, president; P. L.- Badt, G. C.
Knacke and F. S. Drady, vice presidents;
C L. O'Donnell, recording secretary ; R.
J. Cline, financial secretary: George T.
Ballinger. treasurer; ,J. P. Marshall, in
side sentinel ; D. Mann, outside sentinel ;
D.r. Theodore Rethers, surgeon; G. W.
Swan, M. J. Sheehan and E. D. Crowley,
trustefi. After the installation there was
an adllurnment of members and. of •visi
tors. «no numbered above a hundred, and
there was a collation and programme of
music and songs. Grand Organizer Stein
bach acting as master of ceremonies.
BURGLAR HORTON
TRIES TO KILL
A FELLOW-CROOK
Row Over Division of Spoils
Leads to a Shooting
Scrape.
In a Moment of Anger He Whips
Out His Revolver "and Fires .
Three Shots at "E"«
\ Pal.
George Horton, ex-convict, crook and
all around bad man, made a desperate
effort yesterday afternoon to add murder
to his already long list of crimes. Sus
pecting that his pal, a crook named Mc-
Callum, had given him the "double
cross," Horton fired three shots at him,
but without effect. The shooting occur
red on Minna street, near Fourth, and
was witnessed by a number of people.
. Horton seeing his intended victim dis
appearing unharmed down Minna street,
passed his revolver to a confederate
named Edward Hawthorne and started
to make his escape. Both he and Haw
thorne were captured after a short chase,
but McCallum got away.
The prisoners were taken to the. City
Prison and booked on charges of* assault
to; commit? murder. . The revolver which
was used was- not found by • the police.
It Is supposed that Hawthorne, seeing his
escape was impossible,--' threw it away in
the hope, that it would not fall into -the
hands of the police. • • . • •
Horton . a short time ago was arrested
for .having counterfeiters' -tools in his
possession, but was acquitted after a trial
in Judge de Haven's court. .His confedr
crate, a man named Gray, who was ar
rested with him, was found guilty of t,h«
offense. • After his release Horton picked
up with a desperate crook, who Is known
to the police as the "Squirrel," but whose
right name is said to be McCallum. It
was the latter that Horton tried to mur
der. . ' • ¦'¦"¦¦
According to the detectives Horton and
McCallum are the men who have been op
erating-in the -Western Addition during
the past month. Horton was recognized
while leaving a house on Sutter. street a
few nights ago after having ransacked it
with the aid of the "Squirrel." The. po
lice were at once notified, but Horton
managed to keep out of their way until
yesterday. , • - !
The police say that the attempt of Hor
ton to murder his pal was the upshot or
a quarrel . between the two men over a
division of booty. . Horton positively re
fuses to make a statement, and In the ab
sence of McCallum., who up to midnight
had succeeded in eluding the detectives,
the real cause of the shooting could not
be ascertained. Some time ago Horton
had a row with a fellow housebreaker
and was shot in the foot. His assailant
was convicted of an assault ¦to commit
murder and sentenced to ten years' im
prisonment In Folsom. - ¦ : >
• Late last night - Horton confided ". to a
friend that he would set up the defense
that the "Squirrel" slashed at him with
a razor and thinking that he intended to
kill him he drew his revolver and fired.
A short time before the shooting Police
man Tillman saw s Horton and ¦ the man
whom he tried to kill quarreling at Fourth
and Minna streets. -They were about to
come to blows, when Tillman crossed over
to where they were standing. They, at
once disappeared* In opposite directions,
but evidently i returned ito the spot after
the officer left, and* the shooting resulted.
ABOLD attempt was made during
Sunday night and early yesterday
morning to rob the vault of the
French Savings Bank at the corner
of -California and Webb Btreets.
Considering the fact that the California
street police station is situated next door
to the bank. It is plain that the would-be
robbers were not lacking in nerve.
Yesterday morning William Koehler, a
collector, who occupies an office in the
bank building directly over the vault, on
entering his office found a large strip of
carpet torn from the floor and a hole cut
through the flooring large enough to ad
mit the body of a man. Koehler immedi
ately notified the police at the station next
door, who In turn reported to the chief of
detectives. Captain Bohen detailed De
tectives Byram and Whlttaker to Investi
gate the robbery, and the officers worked
all day on the case without gaining any
clew that would lead to the capture of the
baffled robbers.
In their report to the captain_the_detec;
tives said the men had evidently forced the
door of Koehler's office and by driving a
bit into the casing fastened the door in
such a manner as to prevent it being
opened or unlocked from the outside. The
crooks were evidently acquainted with the
premises, as was shown by "the aperture
made in the flooring, it being directly over
the vault and In such a position that ac-
hinged cover which can be tightly closed, that
hereafter no garbage be collected or transported
within the city limits except between the hours
of 10 p. m. and 6 a. m.
CORRECTLY QUOTED.
Bey. J. A. B. Wilson Maintains His
Position on the Tobin Ordinance.
Dr. Wilson, being interviewed to know
whether he considered himself fairly
represented as to remarks, published in
yesterday's Call, upon the Tobin resolu
tion, as to whether he wished to modify
his statement, said:
"You reported me with perfect accuracy
and I do not wish to modify the state
ment in any particular.
"The remark was based upon a possible
contingency— or rather upon an impossible
one, for I do not for a moment suppose
that a vote by any Supervisor against the
resolution upon its final passage is a pos
sibility. Especially after the frank ac
knowledgment of one of their number
that, though not.a betting man, he should
feel constrained to vote againßt it lest, he
feared, the sporting traternlty who sup
ported his party might by such action
be driven from it. This is an ac
knowledgment of everything charged in
my severest statement. And the statement
was made to show the logic of this un
tenable position. It is due the gentleman
to say he spoke without preparation and
upon the spur of the moment. In other
words, this was a severe case of 'talking
through his hat,' and was the premise
furnished by himself of my conclusions.
That he means to thus sell out to 'sure
thing gamblers' for either past or future
support at the polls Ido not believe. I
have a better opinion of him and the
others than they seem to have of them
selves. My conclusion is a perfectly legi
timate Inference from such. a speech. I
believe I voted for the unfortunate
speaker and for almost all the others. I
believed them to be honest men who
would give to the city an honest adminis
tration. I know that they know that there
is only one side to this resolution that an
honest man can by any possibility take,
and I believe that every one of them will
take that side next Monday.
"I expect to be there and see them
honor themselves and the city which has
honored them, and so serve notice upon
dead-game gamblers to move on. These
men know that in every poolroom, upon
every racetrack and in every gambling
house and cafe every game Is a clrch
game. These people have long enough
held up the youths of this city and broken
the hearts as well as robbed the wlvea
and mothers and children. .We have no
chance gaming here, but sure-thing gam
bling and the Supervisors know it, ond
they know, when they think It thoroughly,
that their colleague, Mr. Tobin, has fully
covered the whole situation In his resolu
tion, and, like the honest men I bellevo
them to be, they will support the resolu
tion If my remark, which I still main
tain was irritating, it was a legitimate
conclusion from the premise furnished by
one of their own number bringing them
face to face with the logic of the speech
and of the situation. Both the speaker
and his colleagues on the last analysis will
not stultify themselves nor shame their
constituents by playing into the hands of
cinch cut-throats."
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
took the initial etep in what promises to
be a determined effort to bring telephone,
teiegTuph and pneumatic service com
panies under the control of the municipal
government la the fixing of rates to be
charged to the public. A resolution was
Introduced by Reed which is Intended to
supply hii omission in that section of the
charter relating to kindred concerns,
whereby It is proposed to submit an
amendment to the qualified electors of the
city and county. The resolution was re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee to as
sure the legality of Its phraseology and
.s as follows:
Resolved. That tse Board cf Sopervltors
of the city and county of Ban Franclsoo
hereby propose to the qualified electors
of the city and county of San Francisco
that Subdivision 11. Section 1, Chapter
S. Article 2. of the charter of the city
and county of San Francisco be amend
ed to r.-ad at- follows:
~Eubdi\t!!ion 11. To fix and determine
by ordinance in the month of February "
of eacii year, to take effect on the first
day of July thereafter, the maximum.
rates of compensation to be collected by
i-ny person, company or corporation in
the city and county, for the use of wa
ter, beat, y.pht. power, telephone, tele
graph or pneumatic eerrice. supplied to
the city arid county, or to the Inhab
itants thereof, and to prescribe the qual
ity of the service."
Farther resolved. That the attention
ef the Election Commission be and Is
hereby culled to this resolution.
The only change in the section Is the
addition of the words "telephone," "tele
graph" and "pneumatic service," which
places such corporations In the same cate
gory as water and light companies. The
ordinance prohibiting pool selling was to
bave coma up for final passage, but
through an error in the official advertis
ing the matter wai postponed until next
Monday. Supervisor McCarthy addressed
the board regarding the published account
of Rev. Dr. Wilson's sermon of last Sun
fiay night, in which the clergyman said:
"Watch the board on the final vote
of ¦ the poolroom order, for mark my
word, not one man will vote against It
or 6<-ek to have it amended who is not
bribed to do so." ¦
"I desire to state," said McCarthy,
"that this statement is a malicious lie. I
Intend to vote against this order, not be
cause I believe in pool selling, for I think
that it should be regulated, but because
the prohibition in not well directed. In
doing 60 I deny that I have been bribed."
Supervisor McCarthy was followed by
liutaling, who sternly said:
"1 voted for the order when it was
passed to print, but I will now vote
againfit it. I believe that there are
among pool sellers more liberal minded
men than among some gospel sharps, who
axe trying to run the city."
The ordinance declaring a public nui
sance the railroad operated by the South
ern Pacific Company along Harrison
Ftreet, from" Seventeenth to Twenty-sec
and. thence to Valencia, thence to the
southerly bounflary line of the city and
county, was passed to print. The ordi
nance provides for the abatement of the
nuisance as follows:
That if within thirty days from date of the
j>a»si.Ke of this ordinance tb« Southern Pa
cific Hallway Company afxees to discontinue
the maintenance and operation of said railroad,
tht-n the Southern Pacific Railway Company
may continue the operation and maintenance of
Eaid road between eaid points without hind
rance or molestation, until July 1, IS3I.
It is then provided "that It within thlrtr
days from date of the j>a>taee cf this ordinance
mid Southern Pacific Railway Company shall
not have filed the apreement tfie Board of Pub
lic "Works shall immediately after the expira
tion of said thirty days proceed to take up and
remove all tracks and rails of said railroad be
tween Seventeenth street and the county line,
and prosecute the work of taklrr up and re
moving all tail tracks and rails without de
lay."
The ordinance further provides that If
the company flies the agreement men
tioned, and the rails shall not have been
removed on or t>efore the Ist day of July,
ISOI. then the Board of Public Works shall
proceed to take up the rails, and that It
shall be unlawful for the company or Its
successors to operate the road thereon
after July 1, 1901.
Supervisor Fontana asked that the mat
ter be referred to the City Attorney to as
certain if the Board of Supervisors has
power to remove the rails, but the motion
¦was lost. Supervisor Maguire, chairman,
of the Street Committee, stated that the
company had no franchise from Sixteenth
to Twenty-second street on Harrison,
and only a private right of way to Twen
ty-fifth strait. The attorney of the cor
poration had himself admitted to the com
mittee that it had no franchise.
•"Eighty thousand people," said Ma
iruire, "are interested in this ordinance,
and it would be an Injustice to them not
to pass it. The company has been «ndea
¦vortng for years past to get a double
track franchise, because It did not pos
eess one for a single track. Many school
children are obliged to travel in the vicin
ity of the tracks and the street car lines
sxe obliged to' cross the rails at various
points."
Supervisor Reed, chairman of the Public
Utilities Committee, presented a resolution
requesting the Spring Valley Water
Company to offer for sale to the city on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 20, 1900.
CONTRACT NOT
MADE TO SYLVA
Agreement Between Mrs. Craven-
Fair and Dunand Produces a
Sensation.
Secret bry Rock of the Grand Jury and Mrs.
Gilleran Were the Star Witnesses
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. . One dose will stop
a cough. Kever falls. Try it. All druggists. «
Postal Personals.
Alexander Grant, assistant.superintend
ent of the railway mail ; service, arrived
from Japan yesterday and left in the even
ing for Washington. ; :• ¦¦• -¦ '
Daniel S. Richardson, superintendent cf
the San Francisco postoffice, .returned
yesterday after a three weeks' visit; to
Washington and other Eastern points.. -7-
Anyvo Theatrical . Cold Cream, Makeup
and Rouge Graa. Sold by al) druggists. "
"P^dpllar and a half
Gentcrneri
w^m. smith, Agent 200 ;Post Street
MORE MELANCHOLY ESCORT
DUTY FOR THE SOLDIERS
Over , Thirty Bodies ¦ Prom the Duke
of Fife Placed in the Presidio.
Storehouses. - ;
More bodies from Manila brought over
on the transport > Duke* of ; Fife were laid
away In ; the storehouses at j the Presidio
yesterday. «. There ' were over ; thirty of
them. : The usual escort of a squad of men
accompanied the ", bodies ' and the wagons
bearing the bodies .were draped with flags.
~ : .i The ¦ number, of dead In ¦: the storehouses
has been ¦ steadily decreasing . In the ' last
few ; weeks, i but the thirty-two ¦ from the
Duke ,of Fife ¦ have brought the total up
again to more than > the > capacity • of ; the
storehouses. ; Consequently the bodies are
being piled. two- deep i ln the old ' Y. < M. ; C."
A; building. All. the- bodies that came
over on the Peking have been disposed of.
When the wishes of : all those relatives
who sent directions regarding, the dispo
sition of any of the ' bodies ¦ were heeded
there still remained .-, twenty-six to be
*/ 1 JiLL yurvous Bis**— Failiac Mam.
m 3 -» _*l orx. SlmplemnaM, etc.. caused by o»or.
•J? 'TT! work and Indiscretions. Th«* tntiekt*
X Ju cmmC turelM restore Lost Vitality In old
J\ — -V' or young. Bad fit amu fcr S'txiy. basi-
neas or pleasure. . Prevent Insanity an i
TPwjadßby Oanma m ption lftaken in Cima. Thmr
ow shows Immediate im pioteiuent and effect* CX7SS
where al I others fall. Insist upon having the genaina
AJsje Tablets. They han cored thoosands and will
en re yon. We give a positive written guarantee to ef-
fect aenre In eacn ease or refund the money. Price
Cfi nfc Per P*cka^, or six packages (full troaU
DUCTS, meat) for »%BO by moil. U plain wrocter
upon receipt ofprioe. Circulars fre«. «n«.
AJAX REMEDY CO., .w»g£»»£6.
For sale la S. r. by Lelpnlt* & Co.. N» Per-
centage Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. S. F.. Oakl'd.
W. a P. BUILDINO PAPER.
Wind, water and vermin proof. Prepared,
roofing. 113 New Montgomery st.
Boys Who Stole Newspapers.
Thomas Meagher and I Robert ¦ Graham;
the boys who were' caught stealing news
papers Sunday morning on Leavenworth
street by* Special Officer Mahnke, appeared
before J Judge j Mogan . yesterday and the
cases were continued till . to-morrow. The
four small boys. who were caught on Oak
street were reprimanded by Judge Fritz
yesterday and sent home with . their par
ents, ' as . they had spent the night in
prison.
The whiskey that - touches the right • spot Is
Jesse Moore; to be had from flrst-clasa dealers.
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgage* or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery. •
Superfluous hair— removed without tor-
turing, blistering, discoloring or leaving
any sign or ill 'effects on the skin; treat-
ment 60c and up. Ladles' Hair Physi-
cians, 430 Parrott building. . -? ! •
EDWARD W. WAINWRIGHT
HAS PASSED AWAY
Edward W. "Wainwright, a prominent
and popular young business man. aged 37
years, passed away at his late residence,
3 Tremont avenue, yesterday, after a
short illness. :
Mr. Wainwright was taken 111 on the
last day. of February with typhoid fever,
which. was the cause of his death. He
was ' one of California's native sons and
while not identified with any of the local
parlors, yet he took a warm Interest In
all things that pertained to the welfare of
the order. • ¦ • . ,
Mr. Wainwright was the senior member
of the firm of Wainwright & Eas ton and
a member of .the .Merchants' ¦¦ Exchange
and Board of Trade. He lefta widow and
two children— Dorothy and. Emily — besides
his parents, two brothers and two sisters
The funeral will take place from his late
residence to-day at 1 o'clock. Interment
will be In the family. vault at Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
Let's print your catalogue. Our printing sells
your goods. Mysell-Rollins, 22 Clay. •
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS-
In Operation Dally. 625 Sixth Street
BYRON JACKSON.
burled, and these were interred In the Na
tional Cemetery at the post. They were
kept, awaiting orders from relatives for
over two months, and they were buried
only after an order trom Washington. Of
the 500 that came on the Hancock and In
diana there remain but a few, and these
will probably, be buried by the end of this
month. i
Target practice, either for small arms or
ror great guns, will not form a prominent
part of this year's post routine. Hereto
fore the special attention of the depart
ment headquarters and also of the army
headquarters has been given to this
branch of the service. Range work with
small arms has been especially fostered,
but this year, by orders from headquar
ters, all target practice will be under the
direction of the post commanders and at
their discretion.
Thls order has been caused by the un
usual scantiness of the various garrisons.
There is not a post in the country that is
even fairly manned, and many of them
have no more than Just enough men to
care for the property. At the Presidio
Just now there are only about men enough
to keep the guns clean and not enough
even to mount the new ones that are
being brought in from the East.
w There are two big twelve-inchers on
hand now waiting to be mounted at
Lime Point, but the garrison at that place
is not equal to the task, as it is not
large enough, and the guns will therefore
be mounted by. contract.
; In the order regarding target practice
it la directed that as much carbine and
revolver practice as may be practicable
be held by the cavalry before May 1, and
as much rifle practice for the artillery as
may be practicable before October 31.
The duties of post chaplain at the Pre
sidio will be temporarily attended to by
Chaplain J. A. Potter, who has been on
duty at Angel Island. For some time
Chaplain Macomber. who was retired In
the middle of February, remained at his
work, but he has been relieved by Chap
lain Potter. It was reported that Chan
lain Pierce, who came from Manila wiTh
the body of General Lawton, would be
the permanent chaplain to succeed Chap
lain Macomber, but it looks now as if
Chaplain Potter will get the assignment.
AFTER a tedious morning session of
the Fair case yesterday, with Mrs.
Gllleran on the stand, a bomb ex
ploded in the afternoon when E. R.
Rock, secretary of the Grand
Jury, was called to produce the
famous contract entered ¦ into I between
Mrs. Craven-Fair and Louis F. DunanJ.
Mrs. Gilleran, dressed in holiday array
and ready to present an ever ready armor
of resistance to the cross-questions of
Garret McEnerney, proved the same Im
pregnable witness as he battled with last
Thursday. But Mrs. Gilleran was not the
sensation of the day. The afternoon ses
sion, rich in developments, completely
overshadowed the morning, and once
again the contract of Mrs. Craven and
Louis F. Dunand was brought to the fore
ground, this time to be read in open court
and produced tor the cognizance of tha
attorneys of the Fair heirs.
"When the afternoon session began a sur
prise was sprung by Garret McEnerney.
who has lately taken the helm of cross
examination, relieving Skipper Plerson,
who formerly distinguished himself as
chief among the Fair forces.
"We would like to have E. R. Rock
put upon the stand," said McEnerney,
and that gentleman mounted the witness
box to the call. This was unexpected and
the sensation that followed was in keep
ing with the looks of supreme Importance
aftected by the Fair«counsel. All that was
obtained from Rock, secretary of the
Grand Jury, was the contract entered into
between Louis F. Dunand on one side and
Mrs. Craven-Fair on the other— a paltry
$30,000 was the consideration. The docu
ment was not entered in the records, sim
ply because McEnerney and his auxiliary
force of counsel did not wish it. W hen
Mrs. Craven-Fair appears upon the scene
—Thursday is. the day set for her reap
pearance—the court will be asked to label
this contract among the exhibits of the
case and then the fight over Silva. Du
nand, Mrs. Craven-Fair et al. will begin
anew.
The Fair attorneys promised to anni
hilate Mrs. Gilleran when she appeared
upon the stand yesterday morning. That
witness, smiling, with a candor that was
outsticking, buffeting the tide of a se
vere examination by McEnerney, cling
ing steadfastly to her testimony given last
week and holding her own fort with a
resolution that did not pale, was the same
intractable person that the defense at
tempted to submerge at the las^t preceding
session. Nothing came of the morning
session but Incontrovertible dissatisfac
tion' for McEnerney.
One thing, however, he did elicit from
Mrs. Gilleran, and that was the admis
sion that Fair asked her to conceal the
knowledge of his admitted marriage. This
seems to be the new tack of the Fair at
torneys. Evidently they have the Sharon
decision in mind, which postulates the
law of contract marriage, declaring that
not only is the contract an essential, but
that the parties must be living in open
and notorious wedlock. This single fact
was established by McEnerney in his
rigid cross fire, but he seemed satisfied
with it and allowed the witness to go her
way soon after his questions secured the
desired answers. •
E. F. Rock, bright star of a dull day.
was the next witness called. All that was
wanted of him. was the contract which
Louis F. Dunand and Mrs. Craven-Fair,
by their joint efforts, worked out for their
own mutual benefit. McEnerney, Pier
son. Wheeler. Heggerty, et al. were blis
tered with a i edhot anxiety to see the doc-
PRISONERS ESCAPE ON A
MERE TECHNICALITY
Mrs. Dora Fuhrig, Samuel Newman
- and Stephen Vaccari Dismissed
by Judge Cook.
By virtue of a decision rendered by the
Supreme Court, In which it Is held that
"a dying declaration Is not admissible In
evidence in a criminal prosecution unless
the circumstances show it to have been
made under the belief of impending
death," Mrs. Dora Fuhrig, a notorious
midwife, under conviction on a charge of
murder In the second degree, and Samuel
Newman. and Stephen Vaccari, under In*
dlctment for the murder of Su Ela Tyson,
were dismissed from custody by Judgts
Cook yesterday. The dismissal of tne
prisoners was the result of a motion made
by Assistant District Attorney Deuprey,
who stated that it was impossible to se
cure a conviction of the defendants under
the recent Supreme Court decision in the
case of Mrs. Dora Fuhrig, in which the
Judgment was reversed on the grounds
named.
Mrs. Fuhrig was convicted of the mur
der of Anna W. Walmsley on December
29, 189 S. .The deceased made a dying dec
laration in which she said that Mrs. Fuh
rig caused her death, but as the declara
tion was written by O. H. Heynemann and
only subscribed to by the deceased, whom
the circumstances proved was not in im
mediate fear of death, the Supreme Court
held that It was insufficient upon which
to base a verdict of guilty and reversed
the Judgment of the lower court. As the
prosecution depended solely on the dying
statement of Su Ela Tyson in the cases
against Newman and Vaccari the court
granted ' the motion to dismiss and the
three defendants are now at liberty.
¦ Although Mrs. Fuhrig has escaped pun
ishment on what may be termed a "tech
nicality." her conviction. has. to a certain
extent frightened those engaged in a sim
ilar criminal occupation;' and for a time
at least they will refrain from practicing
their, chosen vocation. : ';t- .:
ument and they did se« It. Much xephyr
ous argument waa wasted upon Judge
TtouH about the propriety of having tne
paper read before the court. McEnerney
explained that all he asked for In tha
wide, wide world was to get a copy of this
document. He hoped the court would ad
journ long enough to allow the reporter
to copy it, as counsel on the other alde>
had agreed. The Pence freres were very
much opposed to the reading of the con
tract, but It was finally settled by the
courtesy of one side and the forbearance
of the other, so the contract was copied
and read off for the respondents, that they
might know Just what was the condition
of things.
The arbitrament resulted In the contract
being read. It ran verbatim:
Louis F. Dunand. attorney at law. 603
California street. Clunle building, corner
Montgomery, telephone Main 5332.
SAX FRANCISCO, Aug. 8, 1339.
This agreement, made and entered Into
this Bth day of August. A. D. 1339. by and
between Mrs. Nettle R. Fair and Loul»
F. Dunand. witnessed:
That whereas. Mrs. Nettle R. Fair, the
¦widow of James G. Fair, deceased, claims
certain portion of his estate, and whereas,
said claim Is denied and the same la litiga
tion, now, therefore, for and in considera
tion of the services heretofore rendered
and to be rendered by Louis F. Dunand
aforesaid ' as counsel and attorney for said
Mrs. Nettle R. Fair now pending In the
' courts of the State of California, the said
Nettie R. Fair will pay. and by thes«
presents agrees and promises to nay to
said Lnuis F. Dunand, or his order, upon
judgment or recovery, compromise or other
wise by her of her claim or claims as afore
said, the full and true sum of $30.0>».
NETTIE R. FAIR.
In consideration, of the foregoing. Louis
F. Dunand promises and agrees to render
such legal services in the above entitled
matter as may be' necessary to enforce the
rights of said. Nettle R. Fair.
LOUIS F. DUXAXD.
(Indorsement.)
This belongs to A. Sylva. Sausallto, Hariri
County, Cal.
When Mr Rock nnished his labors on tn»
stand he left with a haste that even the
bailiff could not equal when he tried to
bring him back at the call of attorneys.
The contract Is in writing and Is signed
by both parties. Mrs. Nettle R. Fair and
Louis F. Dunand. It is said that Dunand
testified before the Grand Jury that ha
was not a party to the contract, but that
he acted merely in behalf of Sylva. Tha
indorsement which it was claimed was
a bona fide assignment to Sylva is written
in lead pencil and Is unsigned by Dunand,
but without signature. And so the com
plication becomes more and more muddy.
Louis F. Dunand will have much to ex
plain ' when he appears before the court,
especially as his former testimony was to
the effect of an absolute assignment.
Mrs. Craven was not present yesterday
when the case was pending. Had sha
been there she would have been called
upon to Identify the Instrument. The at
torneys for the Fair heirs have asked for
her presence again and she will soon make
her reappearance on the stand.
The case will go on to-day at 11 a. m.
or before the last day of June, 1900. at the
lowest possible cost, all of Its property for
BUpplylng water, together with a detailed
statement of the cost of construction.
Buch an offer of sale must be accompa
nied by the placing in escrow of a deed
to lte entire system, dependent for deliv
ery upon the acceptance of the offer by
the people voting at a special election to
be held in the year 190 L
The resolution calls the attention of the
water company to the fact that any over
valuation of the system will compel the
city to look elsewhere for Its water sup
ply, and that the withdrawal of San
Francisco as a market for the sale of the
company's water will reduce the value cf
the lands owned by it for agricultural
purposes
Keed also introduced an amendment to
his first ordinance regulating boxing ana
sparring entertainments, which v,-as
passed to print. The two ordinances do
not differ in any .essential particular, and
define the status of amateur apd profes
sional clubs. Amateur clubs must pay a
license of JlOO for each entertainment they
give, and professional clubs an annual li
cense of 11200, and they will be allowed
but one exhibition a month.
The Evening Post was awarded the
contract for the city printing. .The Mayor
will meet the contractors this evening to
sign the contract and approve the bonds.
The ordinance fixing the rates for city
lighting was adopted with the following
amendments: Arc lights burning twenty
four hours, $5 per week; from sunrise to
sunset and vice versa, {3 30 per week;
from sunset to midnight, $1 95 per week;
for six nights from sunset to 9:30 p. in.,
$1 65 per week.
The ordinance Imposing a license of 50
cents per quarter on each telephone oper
ated in the city and county was relntro
duced to comply with the law governing
official advertising and passed to print.
Similar action waa taken with the order
closing cemeteries within the city limits.
Consul General Ho Vow was granted
permission to decorate certain streets to
be designated by the Street Committee
on the occasion of the national Chinese
festival In the month of June, 1900, and to
hold parades on said streets.
The ordinance imposing a license of $6
per quarter on peddlers was passed to
print; also an ordinance directing the
Board of Public Works to examine all
theaters with their exits and other means
of safety, their facilities for escape in
case of flre and to report to the Board of
Supervisors, so that proper legislation
may be adopted.
Miscellaneous Business.
A resolution was adopted requesting Shea &
Bhea to furnish an estimate of the expense
attached to fitting up the City Hall tower for
a fire alarm and police telegraph system in
order that provision therefor may be made In
the next tax levy.
An ordinance was passed to print imposing a
license of £3 per year for carrying concealed
weapons, permission for which must be ob
tained from the Police Commission.
An amendment to the license ordinances im
peding a license of ?2Q per quarter on runners
and soliciting agents and fixing the price of
badges at {1 £0 was parsed to print.
The Tax Collector was instructed not to issue
a free licence without the approval of the
Charities and Correction Committee.
The City Attorney was asked for his opinion
a* to whether under the charter merchandise
brokers, restaurant keepers, slaughterers who
kill and sell cattle and dealers In opium are
exempt from the payment of a license.
Roth, Blum & Co. were allowed $137 SO rental
per month for the Harbor Police Station until
July 1. IS-00. after which the rent will be JIM
per month.
The protestß of various improvement clubs
against Gray Brothers' brlckmaklng plant on
State street was referred to th« Fire Marshal.
The Health, Police and Fire departments
were notified of tha Master. Horseshoers' As
sociation petition In the interest of union
labor.
An ordinance making various changes in the
fire limits and fire rules recommended by the
Fire Marshal was passed:
The £an Francisco Gas Company was di
rected to keep nine arc lights situated in
Chinatown lighted after midnight at an ad
ditional cost of II 91 1 * each per night.
An ordinance was passed omitting two half
days per week from the street sweeping sched
ule ;as agreed upon by the City Street Im
provement Company and the Board of Public
Works. i
The Tax Collector was directed to receipt in
handwriting for money received for taxes.
The Board of Public Works was authorized
to Investigate all applications for permission
to do street work under private contract and
grant the same If advisable.
The tract of land known as the Hospital Park
lot, situated at Waller. Etelner. Thirteenth and
Scott streets, was dedicated as a public park
and placed under control of. the Park Com
missioners.
The City Attorney was requested to decide
If the preliminary steps for changes in grades
should be taken by the Supervisors or Board
of Works.
The Police Judges were authorized to ap
point an additional stenographer for duty in
their courts.
Petitions Received.
The following petitions, communications and
protests were read and referred to the proper
committees: From the San Francisco Novelty
and Piatlng Works, Parafflne Paint Company,
Dunham. Carrlgan &. Hayden Company, Jocet
Bros., Alonzo Coffin, George Goodman and
others, giving notice that said firms have fur
nished to Bateman Bros, labor and material in
the Hall of Justice and Morgue buildings
amounting to various sums and remaining un
paid, and notifying the board to withhold such
sums from the funds due Bateman Bros.; from
Margaret Crocker, containing depositions of S.
S. Tllton and C. C. Burn in the matter of a
contention over outside lands; from the Fidelity
ard Casualty Company of New Tork. setting
forth that, an order of grant in favor of Mrs.
J. T. Jennings now In the hands of the Mayor
be transferred to the company subject to the
execution of a quitclaim deed to the city; from
Sutro Railway Company, Inclosing report of
the gross receipts for the year ending February
1, 1300 to be W1.672, 2 per cent of which has
been delivered to the city; from Pavers' Union,
stating that of the three pavers employed in
the Street Department only one is a union
roan, and asking that the appointment of the
two non-union men be revoked; from the Cali
fornia Lunacy Commission, incloclng demands
amounting to $tSOO from the Mendocino, Ag
news, Stockton and Napa Hospitals for the
keep of insane criminals committed from this
city; from Q. C Brooke, offering to paint Lot
ta's Fountain for $IVS1 V 5 or for nothing if permit
ted to maintain an advertising fence around the
fountain for two weeks; from the Southern Pa
cific Company, to erect a gasoline engine on
premises bounded by Kentucky, Illinois, Merrl
mac and Alameda streets: from various individ
uals and corporations, for the return of dupli
cate taxes paid; from newspaper men and
others, requesting that the city light each al
ternate gas lamp all night instead of shutting
off all lights at midnight; from A. Garnler, for
permission to conduct a dyeing and cleaning
business- in building located at Stevenson and
Brady streets; from Manuel J. Pues, requesting
permission to improve Gates street, between
Courtland and Virginia avenue, by grading,
macadamizing and sewering; from the Califor
nia Demokrat Publishing Company, for permis
sion to erect and maintain a sign at the south
<raft corner of Jessie and Third streets; from
Bay View Improvement Club, to extend the
pound limits; from residents of the Excelsior
Homestead, for water facilities in that district;
from Preclta Valley Improvement Club, re
questing that the Spring Valley Water Com
pany be directed to place necessary mains to
supply Berr.nJ Heights residents with water;
from James Roseberry, calling attention to the
accumulated school funds of {5,000,000 In . the
State Treasury and suggesting that this sum
be used, to purchase the bonds Issued by this
city: from Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs, requesting that the petition of the City
Hall janitors for an increase .of wages be
granted; from H. Choynskl, protesting against
the passage of the anti-poolroom ordinance.
Official Communications.
The. following communications from city of
ficials were read and referred to committees:
From the Board of Health, recommending- that
the streets of Chinatown be bltumlnlzed at an
early date; from Tax Collector, calling atten
tion to the fact that taxes will be delinquent in
a short time and that as his rorce of clerks ts
am&ll the public b« notified through the
press that taxes are now due and payable; from
City Attorney, stating that it would be inad
visable to appeal from Judge Seawelt's decision
reeardlnf? fees of stenographers; from School
Superintendent, inclosing his estimate of the
expenditures In his department for the next fis
cal year; from the Board of Public Works, stat
ing that an application has been
made to erect a step projecting four
lnche* over the sidewalk on premises
on Geary street, near Larkln; from Hasan
Bros., reporting disposition of bodies of indi
gent dead for January; from the Sheriff, that
the inmates of W'hittler and Preston schools are
committed by Superior Judges and that his
duty ends with the delivery of the prisoners at
th» Institutions; from Board of Health, asking
that ordinances be adopted prorldlng that garb
le waeons be lined - with xlno and have - a
Entered an Attorney's Office and
Worked in Safety.
cess to the big safe could be had without
fear of being: seen from the floor below or
from the street.
The vault reaches to within four feet of
the -celling:, and' from Its top a wooden
, casing surrounds It. When once In the
| frame the men were covered and out of
sight- When they quit work, whether
through being frightened away or other
wise, they took time to pack ! most of
their tools with them, as the only things
found by the- detectives were a small bit,
a bundle of wire and a small "Jimmy.
The bank building has many means of
exit, and the men found no trouble in
making their escape.
In their search for a clew the detectives
found a boy who volunteered the informa
tion - that ne had seen a man prowling
about the roof of the building at 504
Kearny street,- which adjoins the bank
building, and when asked his business he
said he was a line repairer. At another
house on Kearny street a similar report
waa made of a strange man on the roof.
It Is more than likely that the men
found the Job a longer one than they an
ticipated and were compelled to give It up
for lack of time. The damage done is
nominal.
Cracksmen Frightened Away Before Finishing the Job.
Cut a Hole in the Floor Over the Vault, but
Fail to Reach the Treasure.
BOLD ATTEMPT TO ROB
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
WILL FIX RATES
ON TELEPHONES
Supervisors Will Submit a Charter
Amendment to the
People.
?
Southern Pacific Must Remove Mission Tracks
by July I, l9ol— Spring Valley Asked
to Sell Its Plant.
CANNOT ESTABLISH THEMSEiyES
* IN PURE BLOOD *
/jfj'/W'lMI ¦ * — ¦ '¦" ¦— - ~ — —ii- •— f/^«W^
MAKES THE BLOOD PURE
AND PREVENTS DISEASE.
fTGIYKSn?EK(niITOmsn)MAOI
AND LIFE TO THE LUNGS.
ISKOTAWHISKETMEWCINL
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
LDAm anil Drake Amalgamators. In
IXIIUUn operation dally; 1 30-Hp. gaso-
„" t^. line engine cheap. 9 Stevenson
St.. S. F.
D3EDGINQ PUMPS.
Oil. Gasoline. Steam Hoists. Centrifugal Pumps.
Engines&Bollers. HendyMach.Wks.,4o Fremont.
EXPFRIMENTAL MACHINFRY & MODELS.
L. PETERSON, 644 A Mission. S. F.: communi-
cations from inventors strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for slulc* boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market it.
PUMPS AND GASOLINE ENGINES.
All kinds of Pumps and Gasoline Engines.
WOODIN & LITTLE. 312 Market St.. 3T F.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. No qulck-
sllTer. Hand or power. In operation 14 Bpear.
BOS* GOLD SAVER.
Man pumps, water operates machine, works
3 tons per hr.. saxes 95 p.c. free gold. 129 First.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS. ;
SAVES fine gold. In dally operation at 134
Beale st.. San Francisco.
GASOLINE ENGINES, 1-.
HERCTULES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is filling
t^nany orders for Nome. 141-143 First St.. 8. F.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
daily operation. Win. H. Birch & Co.. 133
First st.. S. F. .
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL, Cold Saving Machine. 129 Fol-
som street. Oriental Qas Entrine Compacy.
OROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
Outfits racked. IRVINE BROS.. 670 Howard
308 Fourth, 1305 Polk and 1«1 Stockton. 8. F.
OILS.
ENSIGN & McCUITFICK. 23 Spear St.. S. V.
PLATES FOR SAVINO GOLD.
Sctiaexleln «• Burrldge. t Hardie place. o3
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
" W. BELL. Central Plating Works. SS2 Mis-
sion st.. S. F. Phone Jessie XL
ROCKERS.
DOriTP^Q Hula-Hula Rocker: Centrlfngral
itUVAL J s an< j Pumps; Machinery. PARKE
& I^ACT CO.. »1 Fremont st.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist •«•.. Oakland, or Builders* Ex.. 3. F.
PILE.DRIVINO ENGINES.
¦Worthington Steam Pumps * Watet Meters.
Mundy Hoisting Engines. Tatum ft Bowen.
E>ai>ES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER A HAMILTON. Engines and BoOera:
. lowest nrlces on the coast. Pin« A Davis its.
TENTS AND * OVERS.
NEVILLE & CO.. manufacturers, bass, teata.
coven. 11 and S3 California it.
t
DATA /*C Located on Market '
m. n«nww proximity to bus!- 1
AlSf H n «*» section, places
AIMJ . of amusement and \]
r*T\ k mrrnv <Se P° ts ". I*<» rooms. ,
IIK A Nil 50 ° • wlth baths at "
Uiliilll/ tached. The largest '
__ _ and flnert hotels !a '
II ATP I C^e world. Amort- |
11 V 1 JCJU3 can aad Eur °Dean ?
-¦ '¦—-- . - ... plan. ¦ i
12