BLOEMFONTEIN. March 13.— Lord
Roberts entered the Free State capital to
day (Tuesday) practically unopposed. He
lay at Venters Vlei, fourteen miles away,
last night, with General 'Kelly-Ker.ny'a
and General Colville's divisions, the
Guards brigade and the mounted infantry.
Gf ::eral French, having cut the railway
and t« lepraphs. experienced a slight skir
mish with some Boers holding the cepjes
couthoast of the town. Early In the morn
ing the cavalry brigade moved forward
and occupied several kopjes which ion
mandr-rj the Boers.
A few well placed shells from the rlorse
Artillery drove off the enemy. Genera!
French thr-n sent out scouts to feel their
way toward the town, perceiving which
the corrcsjondents of the Sydney Herald
and the London Daily News, with one
ether, galloped forward and entered «.he
town, which wore an everyday aspect.
The people wore out shopping or for morn
ing walks, and at first the three news
paper men w^re regarded as townsfolk.
Later, when it became known that they
were the forerunners of the British army,
they were greeted cordially and conduftci
to a club, where they met Mr. Fraswr of
the Executive Council, the Mayor and
ether officials. These they persuadc-d to
take carriages and go to meet Lord Rob
erts.
As the party drove out of the city the
British cavalry were closing around like
a high net. The deputation soon arrived
opposite the kopje where Lord Roberts
mired, and • sometimes abandoned. Dot
after so- many hard and sometimes cruel
experiences she can no longer admit that
her duty to the world should stand. beforo
her obligations to herself.
Correspondence on Mediation,
v WASHINGTON. March i 13.— 1n responsa
to. a resolution the President to-day sent
to the Senate the correspondence relating
to the requests for mediation in South Af
rica. The first document la a dispatch
from. Pretoria,- dated . March ' 10. whic»*
states:
' Am of flcially . requested , by ' the ; % overnments
of the republics to urge your intervention with
a view to the cessation of hostilities. A sim
ilar reauest i has- been made, to the'representa
tives cf the- EcroDean powers. Answer to con
firm receist. . .AMERICAN CONSUL.
-.'Mr. Hay responded:
v -'Tour telesrram "asking ' offices , of the United
States to brine about the cessation of hostili
ties ha« been made- the subject of friendly com
munication to the British Government, with an
expression of the President's 'earnest hone for
peaoe. HAT.
Secretary. Hay telegrraphed Mr. "White,
secretary of the American Embassy at
London, as follows:
By way of friendly good offices, you will ln
fonn the British Minister for Forelcn Affairs
that I am to-day In receipt of a telegram from,
the United States Consul at Pretoria repre
senting that the governments of the two Af
rican republics request the President's Inter
vention with a view to the cessation of hos
tilities, and that a similar request Is made to>
the representatives of European powers. In
communicating, this request I am directed by
the President to express his earnest hope that
a way to bring about peace may be found and
to say that he would be glad to aid in any
friendly manner to promote so happy a result.
* HAT.
Mr. .White replied to Secretary Hay un
der date of March 13:
'.I communlcited yesterday to the Under Sec
retary for Foreign Affairs, having been unable
to see Lord Salisbury, the contents of your
telegram dated the 10th lnst. To-day I hay»
had an interview with his Lordshia. who r«
que»ted m- to thank the President for the
friendly interest shown .by him. and added that
her Majesty's Government cannot accept the*
Intervention of any power." : WHITE.
Mr. Hay telegraphed the Consul at Pre-
opposed' to - the "war of extermination"
will unite In a solemn protest.
Intervention Is Impossible.
"PARIS. March 15.— The Minister of. For:
eign Affairs. M. Delcasse.. ln the Sene.te
to-day, replying 'to a question regarding
the ' Intentions' of '.the -Government of
France respecting events In South Africa.
said the 5 Presidents of, the two republics
had solicited the intervention of the pow
ers.'But. he added, in the presence of the
telegrams," exchanged between ' the Britlsli
Government and the two republics, it ap
peared that the intervention of the pow
ers had become almost Impossible. •
. - The • f ull • statement of M. Delcasse was
as follows: . ¦ . • • Y-V-- ;. . -
? -The. request from the Presidents of . the two
republics forjthe Intervention ef the powers had
hardly reached the powers when the. Govern
ment of. Great Britain published its 'reply that
It was not disposed to'consent to the independ
ence of the ¦ two- republics. Thus— one' of ' the
two belligerents* declaring it -could -not make
peace excepting on condition to which the other
affirms It is not disposed to subscribe— lt be
comes manifest that any intervention upon such
a basis would be superfluous. The resolutions
of the conference at The Hague can only be put
in'actlon'. when there Is reason to assume that
belligerents wiil not be Insensible to them. It
was under these conditions that France offered
mediation , In , the Spanish- American ! war." Our
relations with, the two belligerents then were
absolutely j cordial and .free of suspicion. No
French Interest was directly. Involved In the
conflict. No cloud had rtrfen between France
and the belligerents which could give rise to a
fear • that ' the attitude of France would be re
"membered to her prejudice. Moreover, I had
reason to think that Washington would listen
to overtures. I undertook .to communicate
these, and that Is why, faithful to the best
traditions of France, which did not appear to
me° Incompatible with her essential Interests,
always superior ¦In my eyes to all considera
tions.' 1 accepted the delicate and, as It was, the
difficult ¦ mandate offered . me. •. I \ have said
enough to enable the Senate fully to appreciate
the difference between the two situations.
France's -Union With - Russia.
.The Minister, then denied . that . France
had refused to Join Russia •In \ making a
friendly' suggestion* in the; direction of
peace... The'union (between France . and
Russia, M. Delcasse . declare cl. iraws
closer. every day and defies all malevolenc
assertions to the contrary. France, ho
added,' had never ceased- to be the gener
ous nation the world has known and ad-
PRAISE OF McKINLEY
BY LONDON PRESS
LONDON, March 16.— Lord Salis
bury's attitude toward £he United j
States- meets with the -universal'
approval of . the press.. .The, Daily
Sraphic says: "It was not an eaoy
task, but' Lord", Salisbury, has
quitted, himself; conspicuous
success." • -
The .Daily Mall says: "English
men are sufficiently acquainted
with American affairs not to mis
interpret the attitude of the Wash
ington Cabinet. _ President McKin
ley has behaved to us with scrupu
lous fairness." The, very correctness -\
of his attitude has become a danger
to him. It. ls idle to deny that the
leaders of both '-parties •• In- the
United States are now exposed to*
a strong temptation. J\'e look to
the Republican leaders to rise
above this devil's 1 baft."
The Standard says: ."Lord" Sails- "
bury's reply" will not be misunder
stood in Washington or any other
civilized capital. .'We are; grateful
to the Americans- for • their good
wishes and "we shouldbe delighted
to accept their assistance if it were
possible. But. this quarrel is. our „
awn and we must settle It ,in our
own way. "vVe, have no reason to .
complain of platonlc and vicarious,
iffection for Intervention so long as
the Government is quite'resolved to '
leave It to its neighbor to begin." '[¦
The Daily News says: VThe Brit
ish attitude is analogous' to that of
the United States' in ' the quarrel '
with Spain) an ! attitude respected
by us in a; manner : which 'has
been gratefully acknowledged 'by.
General Alger in the North Amer- .
lean Review. It' was a happy cir
cumstance that the . first message
of the kind came from a quarter In
which there was so, little 'possibil-,
Ity of a misunderstanding. ( . . ItJ is
quite unlikely, now 'that, France 'or'
any other power will interfere.". ;- .;
The Daily Chronicle; says: • "If
Lord Salisbury's • answer' should '
prejudice Mr. • McKlnley's .. elec
tioneering . prospects, Z the .' latter,
cannot blame, this country. M. Del
casse is a much ; more 'discreet"
man. He has ' not'; attempted ¦to ¦"
gratify anfi-Brttlsh ' sentiment. .
Here we see the advantage of Euro
pean : diplomacy - over the j artless
Impulses of the White House."
The Times says: "President Mc-
Klnley's message does not amount
to much, [of course, although it is
more than we ever thought of do
ing when the United States was
Just ' beginning 'to break down -
Spanish resistance. 'He ' could
hardly ' have anticipated any other'
reply than Lord: Salisbury / sent.
M. - ' ' Delcasse . - adheres to . the ' ex
tremely . correct and friendly , atti
tude maintained -by -the .French ,
Government throughout this war.".
Tears Off the' Mask.
LONDON, ; March : 15.— The ' executive
committee , of those ' who have - organized
themselves lnto_ a body. In. favor^of stop
ping the. war published a resolution to % the
effect that the reply of the Premier to thtj
appeal ', of :. Presidents ' Kruger.* and .' Steyn
"tears off the mask and reveals the;truth
«o Ion? denied that the war is being waged
for ..? the '¦'. destruction ' of ', the ; independence
of the , DutchTcommonwealths." and f de.
clared a time will come when alLwho are
IRISH MEMBERS IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS.
(From the London Graphic.)
Mr. Redmond, Irish. Nationalist, asked whether the Govern
ment of the United States had offered its good services to her Ma
jesty's Government, with the view to bringing 1 about peace in South
Africa. The Government leader, Mr. Balfour, replied that "her Ma
jesty's Government does not propose to accept the intervention of
any power in. the settlement of the South African question."
REFUTATION OF LORD
SALISBURY'S CONTENTION
Transvaal Secretary Accuses Great Britain
of Purposely Deciding to Bring
On the War.
PRETORIA, Wednesday, March 14.—
State Secretary Reitz's refutation
jf Lord Salisbury's argunments in
the reply, to the Bloemfontein Joint
note was issued to-day. Mr. Reltz
says: :}'¦-..¦.¦-':
"The- British Government, after the
Bloemfontein conference, endeavored to
enforce by threats certain changes In the
internal government of the Transvaal re
public, contrary to the London convenr
tlon. Theyalso imported troops In great
numbers and broke off negotiations with
a threat, to take their own means to re
move the grievances of their subjects.
• "After waiting a fortnight, • while an
army CQrps was prepared and- the reserves
were being called out by the British.
President Steyn asked the reason of these
proceedings. Sir Alfred Mllner refused to
reply.
>; ' "Meanwhile" Mr. Chamberlain, In - his
speeches, showed the world that England
had •'deeded on "war. Accordingly -¦ the
Transvaal ¦ republics -addressed to* the
British. Government, a .demand for a.wlth
drawal-of their troops, a? otherwise -It
would accept the presence of the troops
as' a declaration of war. That was not
necessarily Intended as a message of
war.".. . . .. '.
Concerning the armaments Mr. Reita
says :
"These were bought openly in England
and in Europe and the high commis
sioner boasted full knowledge of them at
the Bloemfontein conference, and also full
descriptions of those armaments 'were
found among the officer's papers at Dun
dee. • :
"Both the army and the ultimatum
were' protective measures, subsequent to
the raid and to the discovery, through
concealed . cables, that British Cabinet
Ministers were Implicated in the attempt
to. filch away the independence of the re
public. Now all doubt Is removed by
Lord Salisbury's telegram. " The burghers
must fight - for their national existence.
trusting that God will defend 'the right."
¦ LONDON. March IS.— The Pretoria cor
respondent of the Daily Mall telegraph-
Ing. Wednesday says: .-•.-..
"Mr. Reitz's statement has been pub
lished throughout the , republic, but will
not be forwarded to Lord • Salisbury.
"Conversations I have had with the
highest state officers show that the re
public was prepared to grant -substantial
reforms and concessions until the receipt
of Lord' Salisbury's telegram. • As one of
the highest statesman, remarked.. 'Better
half an egg: than none, but better none
than a rotten egg.'" •¦¦¦>.¦. ¦ ••
British Generals Under
Lord Roberts Uniting
in a Movement That
Places the Republican
Forces in a Difficult
Position.
Joubert Is Now Concentrating His Forces
Thirty-Five Miles North of Bloemfon
tein, Where He May Make an Effort to
Check the Advance of the Imperial In
vaders.
? — —
LONDON, March 16. — Lord Roberts has already started
his movement to crush between the forces of Generals
Clements, Gatacre and Brabant and his own army the
Boers who have held the line of the Orange River for many
months. General Gatacre has crossed the Orange River at
Bethulie and simultaneously General Pole-Carew, with the
Guards Brigade, two guns and mounted infantry, has been sent
south from the Free State capital by railway. He was at Beth
any, twenty miles below Bloemfontein, yesterday. The object
of this move is to secure for Lord Roberts' army control of the
railway between Bloemfontein and Cape Colony, which will im
mensely shorten the British lines of communication.
The Boers are in a difficult position. If they fight General
Clements is ready to advance from Xorvals Pont, General Bra
bant from Aliwal North and General Gatacre from Bethulie,
while General Pole-Carew will be threatening their rear. .
Lord Roberts is evidently under the impression that his
force is ample to meet any resistance which he is likely to en
counter in the Free State, as General Warren's division has been
ordered back from Durban to rejoin General Buller.
The Boers have been locatted in several strong positions
close to the junction of Drakensberg and Biggersberg Range,
from which it would be impossible for General Buller. acting
alone, to drive them without heavy loss of life and a repetition
of the terrible encounters among the hills of the Tugela. But
with Lord Roberts moving north along, the. .railway General
Joubert will be obliged to divide his forces. Should he suffer
defeat at the hands of the commander in chief General Buller
would then seize the opportunity to advance.
General Joubert is now concentrating his forces at Brand
fort, thirty-five miles north of Bloemfontein, where he may
make an effort to check the British.
All the dispatches to the London newspapers describe at
great length the enthusiastic welcome given to the British
troops by the inhabitants of Bloemfontein. It should be borne
in mind, however, that a large percentage of the residents of
the Free State capital are English, most of whom remained
there after war was declared.
CORRESPONDENTS FIRST IN BLOEMFONTEIN
was stationed, and this correspondent rode
forward and had the honor of announcing
to the commander In chief that Bloem
fontein would surrender.
A little later the deputation began to
approach and Lord Roberts went forward
to meet them.
The scene was picturesque In the ex
treme. A few yards away the guns of a
battery pointed their grim mouths toward
the late position of the Boers, while the
tin roofs of Bloemfontein shone In the dis
tance.
After salutes had been exchanged a
member of the deputation stepped forward
and declared that the town wished to sur
render, hoping that Lord Roberts "voulJ
protect life and property. He replied that,
providing there was no' opposition, he
would undertake to guarantee the security
of both. The interview was very cordial,
without a sign of solemnness. It 3truck
this correspondent that the deputation
seemed relieved by the presence of thi
British troops. Lord Roberts notiflei the
deputation of his Intention of entering the
town In state, and they withdrew to in
form the townspeople.
Lord Roberts then made his military
depositions, ordering the First Brigade to
follow him and to take possession of the
town. With his staff and the military at
taches he descended the kopje and arrived
on the plain, v.-here he waited until the
cavalry approached. Then he entered th«
city, followed by his personal staff.- the
general staff, the military attaches and
the troops. §Smllseß*
BRITONS SATISFIED WITH THE CAMPAIGN.
LONDON". March 16, 5 a. m.— Events are moving In the South African cam
paign In a epwdy and satisfactory manner from both the military and political
points of view. It could hardly have been expected by the most sanguine Eng
lishmen that they would take a turn so favorable.
It appears that when Major Weston cut the railway north of Bloemfontein
he thereby Intercepted General Joubert, who. far from having retired from the
campaign, was then coming southward with 3000 men. presumably to superintend
the defense. Elaborate defense works three miles long had been prepared out
side the town.
No Boer wounded were left In Bloemfontein. When asked this reason by Lord
Roberts'. Mr. Frazer replied: "The burghers do not like fish and would not care
to co to Cape Town." V '.•." : ...- *
The evidence goes to Fhow that, so far as the southern part of the Free State
is concerned, there will be no further resistance. It is understood that Mr.
Frazer. Mr. Wessels and other leaders are quite prepared to accept the position
of a pelf-governing British colony. ";".•¦
The cheers which greeted the reading in Parliament yesterday of the corre
spondence with the United States are re-echoed throughout the country. The
ppeech of M. Delcasse has Increased this satisfaction and, taken with the general
belief that Emperor Nicholas Is personally averse to any intervention, these inci
dents spread the Jdea that there will be no further serious attempt to interfere
from any quart' r.
Mr. Montagu White's threat. In an American newspaper, that the Boera will
cacrifice Johannesburg and raze It to the ground if necessary, is not taken very
seriously. Mr. Chamberlain's statement that President Kruger has already
been warned as to the consequence of such conduct. Is regarded as showing that
sufficient precaution has been taken. The Times suggests that the burghers
should be warned that their farms will be taxed as a guarantee against any dam
age to British property, but no serious apprehensions are entertained of such con
duct as 3ux. White is said to have foreshadowed. J. B. Robinson, the milllion
alre mlne'owner, says he does not believe the Boers would be so foolish.
By the time Lord Roberts reaches the Vaal River he will command some 80 -
000 men. while General Buller will have 40,000. From the military po!-t of view
the critics now think there Is nothing to fear.
CAMPAIGN AGAINST BOERS ON THE
LINE OF ORANGE RIVER IS BEGUN
VOLUME LXXXVII — NO. 106.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1900.
f? ONDON, March 16. — Spencer Wilkinson, in the Morning
Post, commenting upon the very satisfactory nature. of the
==^ occupancy of Bloemfontein, says: "The anticipation that the
Boer resistance along the Orange River would collapse on British
occupation of the Free State capital seems to have been realized.
It will be interesting to await the meeting and perhaps the fight
between the British troops moving southward on the railway/and
the retiring Boers.
"Looking to the strength of Lord Roberts' army by the time
he reaches Vaal River, it is not surprising that Sir Charles War
ren's division is retained in Natal. An advance of the two armies
on separata lines will be quite the best form of operations to crush
the enemy's forces and to bring about his absolute submission.
"The Boers cannot longer afford to divide their forces. Serious
resistance in Natal would enable Lord Roberts to. cross the Vaal
and compromise the Boer force in Natal. Serious resistance at
Brandfort or Ventersberg would enable General Buller to pass the
mountains and threaten the Boer communications."
' Continued on Second Fac*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
PRESIDENT STEYN ADDRESSING THE BURGHERS
AT BLOcMFONTtIN. ,
(From the Sketch). - • • ¦ • S
The President Stands in the Center of the Picture With His High
Hat in His Hand. i
POWERS ARE WARNED
AGAINST INTERVENTION
In the House of Commons It Is Officially
Stated That Great Britain Will Not
Permit Mediation.
LONDON, March 15.— 1n the House of
Commons to-day,' replying to Mr.
Redmond, Irish Nationalist, who
asked whether the Government of
the United States had offered its
good offices to her Majesty's Government
with the view to bringing about peace In
South Africa, the Government leader, Mr.
Balfour, said her Majesty's Government
would not accept the intervention of. any
power in the settlement of South African
affairs.
Mr. Balfour's reply was as follows:
The United States Charge d' Affaires, March
13. communicated to Lord Salisbury the follow
ing telegram from Mr. Hay:
"By way of friendly and good office Inform
the British Minister cf Foreign Affairs that I
to-day received a telegram from the United
States Consul at Pretoria reporting: that: the
Government of the South African Republic re
quests the President of the United States to In
tervene with a view to cessation of hostilities,
and saying that a similar request has been
made to the representatives of the European
powers. In communicating this request I am
directed by the President of the United States
to express the earnest hope that a way will be
found to bring about peace and to say that he
would be glad in any friendly manner to aid In
bringing . about the desired result."
"lhe reading of this dispatch was greeted
with cheers from the Irish members.' v
Continuing, Mr. Balfour said:
"Lord Salisbury requested Mr. White
to convey the sincere acknowledgment, of
her Majority's Government to' the Govern
ment of the United States for the friendly
tone of their communication and to say
that her Majesty's Government does not
propose to accept the intervention of any
power in settlement of South , African
affairs."
Loud and prolonged cheering followed
this statement.
Boer Sympathizers Responsible.
Mr. " Balfour. replying to Sir Henry
Campbell-Bannerman, the " opposition
leader, who asked whether, in view of the
numerous recent disturbances connected
with peaceable meetings called to discuss
South African affairs, or directed against
the persons and property of Individuals,
because of their war opinions. : the Gov
ernment' would cause an inquiry as to
how far . and . by whom the '•¦ disturbances
were organized and what steps would ,be
taken to prevent . their : recurrence, 'said
that every cause of disturbance had been
examined and that the demonstrations
appeared to be spontaneous. ' .He ; added
that the Government felt the responsibil-
itv rested with those who called the meet
incs In the heated state of public feeling.
They, should be careful lest they asked
more than human nature could give.
The reply was regarded as unsatisfac
tory, and Sir Robert T. Reid, Liberal,
moved an adjournment with the -view of
raising a discussion of the question.
The Secretary of State for the Colonies.
Joseph Chamberlain, answering a ¦ ques
tion a3 to the threats of demolishing, the
mines and razing Johannesburg, said that
at the commencement of the war Presi
dent Kruger was- warned that he and his
Government would be held personally re
sponsible for any act contrary to the
usages of civilized communities.
Sir William Vernon Harcourt, Liberal,
supported the motion to adjourn. He said
Mr. Balfour's answer discouraged the
right of public meeting.
Mr. Balfour, replying, reiterated . that
pro-Boers were- not "justified' in forcing
tholr ideas, though possibly all right, buy
which were not' agreeable to the majority
of the nation. .; He denied, that he had said
anything Inconsistent with the 'principles
of free speech, and asserted the Govern-,
ment would do its besuto see that .the
right, of free, speech in every legitimate
form was safeguarded in every part of
her. Majesty's dominions. After a lively
debate the motion was rejected by a vote
of 229 to 120. -V
Irish Members United. :
The whole opposition 'and all J the Irish
members stood up in support of Sir Rob
ert Reid's motion. He said heregrettetd
the necessity of: the motion and expected
Mr. Balfour would show the Govern
ment's.unqualified disapproval of the dis-'
graceful scenes, in place of, which the
speaker asserted he had thought proper to
lecture those who had not asked for his
advice.
Lord Fitzmaurice, Liberal member . of .
Parliament f or . the . Northern Division ]of
Wll tshire. suggested that the Government
could ; withhold the • police grants : in . the
districts where the police did not' do their
duty, and George Bartley.} Conservative
member C for .North V Islington,', observed
that those who. held the meetings In ques
tion were ' a '"parcel |of semi-traitors and
a handful of agitating, scoundrels." •: He
added that he was delighted at 'this show
of feeling. lnthe country; Referring; to the
attempts to ; break up the meetings, : Sir
Campbell-Bannerman said he thought the
Government ; should * have used • its ; influ
ence • In ;. favor -of • free speech, ; and ". ex-
pressed ' regret at the • fact that " no satis
factory answer was given. /Trunks, , valises, . dress-suit cases , and
traveling rolls. Immense assortment of
best grades at Sanborn & Vall'tv 741 Mar-
ket st. . ¦;¦ •
TAYLOR SUPPORTERS HOLD
A VERITABLE ARSENAL
Statement •, : Given : Out A That ; ..They
Have Two Gatling Guns, and
¦ . Considerable Small Arms. ,'
LEXINGTON, Ky.,' March 15.jiCapta.in
Ed Parker of the ; London, Ky.;V militia
company, a Taylor : supporter, i gave ' out
here to-night' that 2400 guns,- two cannon
and two gatllng gunß are stored in Lon
don, Ky., and that. he will hold them at
ail hazards against - any, attempt to ; take
them. ' He says thatnot only guards, but
also citizens . will resist if a clash comes.
He will hold them until the courts decide
the gubernatorial contest. :
WESTLAKE SAYS HE CAN
PROVE HIS INNOCENCE
Mrs. Brauhard and the Other Prison
ers Must First Stand Trial in
the Leeper Case.
SACRAMENTO. March 15. — Mrs.
Martha Brauhafd, now locked up'ln the
County Jail, charged with complicity in
the murder of R. R. Watts, s." mining man,
in company with Charles Maxwell,
Goodell and ; Martin Westlake, will be
taken to San Francisco to-morrow I morn
ing for judgment in the case ofLeeper.
The latter had Mrs. Brauhard arrested
for embezzling $500 from him. After the
Judgment of the San Francisco : court is
pronounced • the woman will . be returned
to thia city. <¦ Judge Conlan of the ; San
Francisco Police Court came here last
night and consulted with Sheriff .John
son and District Attorney Baker upon the
matter and : they agreed tto allow the
woman. to be taken away. . ::;<i
Westlake, the ¦ man who was brought
back . from : Reno. Nev., is growing , quite
nervous, but insists that at ¦•¦ the proper
time lie will be able to prove his inno
cence of the charges against him. At the
Sheriffs' office it is said that Westlake has
three .wives located in different | parts of
the State. -• In this city there is a woman
who . has always been recognized as his
wife. She gave the officers the informa
tion that f Westlake had- taken a number
of letters and papers from the valise of
Watts and destroyed. them." '¦
• ¦" ¦ '- r .>¦:. •- ': : ,\
Debate Subject Changed.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY/ Marieh 15.—
I The : Berkeley •; debating: ._? committee: has
[^withdrawn tfce queajton eqbmlttqa i^
Joria, under date of March 14, the follow
ing:
. Your communication of the request of the
reouhlics for the intervention of the President
to cause a cessation of hostilities vaa at once
Conveyed to her Majesty's Government, with an
expression of the President's gratification
could he aid to promote peace. Our Em
basFj- in London replies that Lord Salisbury
thank« the President for the friendly interest
t-hown and acids that her Majesty's Govern
ment cannot accept the intervention of any
ether power. HAT.
The President's message is 6lmply on« of
transmlttal.
m
FRAZER DENOUNCED
STEYN AS A COWARD
LONDON. March 16.— The Standard has
the following dispatch from Bloemfontein.
dated ' Thursday, March 15: ,
"The civil authorities here definitely
jnade up their minds to surrender on Mon
day. A stormy meeting was held, pre-
Flded over by Mr. Steyn, whom Mr. Fra
*er denounced as a coward, charging him
with a want of enough moral courage to
cope with the situation.
. "The late President was, however, not
to be persuaded, and when the meeting
broke up he left for the north.
"The occupation was extremely orderly
and well 'managed. The spectacle was
most impressive when the Sixth Division
nxarched through in grand style, notwith
standing that, like the rest of the army.
It had covered forty miles In twenty
seven hours.
¦ ' "Large numbers of the burghers are
surrendering their arms. Mifhy have fled
to. their homes. Others are trekking to
the east or to the north with their cattle
and goods. During the last few days the
Inhabitants of Bloemfontein had gone In
deadly fear of the violence of the Trans
vaalers, and consequently the city resem
bles rather a relieved than a captured
town.
"Mr. Wessels. president oftheßaad.
has gone to England to solicit public sym
pathy and to plead for the Independence
of the Free State." J t, '. ' ¦ *.'
BETHULIE OCCUPIED
BY GENERAL GATACRE
. LONDON, March 15.— The War Office
has received the following from Lord
Roberts:- "'-.'¦.
"BLOEMFONTEIN, ¦ Thursday, March
IS. 7:55 p. m.— General Gatacre crossed the
POWERS ARE WARHED
AGAIHST INTERVENTION
Continued from First Page.
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Pric*.
Pay when well. Advice and srlvate book
free, office or mall. Home cure*. Estab-
lished 19 years. No injurious medicine used.
Dr. Meyers & Co.
731 Market St., S. F.
FRANCIS TRUTH,
DIVINE HEALER,
IS ARRESTED
Charged With Using the
Mails to Defraud
Persons.
His Offices in Boston Raided and
Evidence Found That, He Had
Been Making $30,000 /
Per Week.
r, (
BOSTON. March . 15.— Francis Truth,
head of the divine healing association
which bears his name and whose adver
tisements have been spread over the whola
country, was arrested to-night at his of
fice, charged with using the mails for
fraudulent purposes. The prisoner was
locked up. A large amount of mall mat
ter was seized by the officers, and. after
Truth had. been taken away a thorough
search of the premises was Instituted.
The place was elaborately, fitted up. The
officers removed from . the rooms nearly a
wagonload of letters, ;which had evidently
been accumulating for some time. These
were either orders for a course of treat
ment, absent or otherwise, as the case
might be, or else Inquiries as, to the won
derful promises that had been so liberally
advertised. In all there were twenty-thre'«
girls employed in the place to look after
with extensive correspondence.
The warrant for. Truth's arrest was Is
sued at the solicitation of the District At
torney's office. It charges that by, means
of his ' representations he I secured g many
paying members of the association to
whom he gave what he called his "absent
treatment." The blanks for these "absent
treatments," called for a first payment of
to for one month's treatment. -
Truth has been • conducting the estab
lishment for about six months and has
had all the business he could attend to.
He took his arrest very calmly and made
no statement. , Mrs. Truth was not mo
lested. She refused to say anything re
garding her husband's arrest.
It is said that his business has brought
him in $30,000 a week regularly.
Francis Truth, the "divine healer." as
he called himself, about a year ago estab
lished offices on Geary street, in this city."
He did an immense business during the
time he remained here.-.: ;
Specialists for Men
Orange River and occupied Bethulle this
morning. ' General Reginald Pole-Carew,
with 8000 men of the Guards Brigade, two
guns and a small body of mounted infan
try, left here in three trains this morning
to join hands with General Gatacre and
General Clements. He had passed Beth
any by 4:40 p. m.- without meeting with
opposition, having been able to supply
from his troops engine drivers, firemen,
fitters, molders, smiths and carpenters,
etc"
METHUEN PRAISES CRONJE.
CAPE TOWN, March 15.— Lord Methuen,
speaking at the Town Hall, Klmberley,
to-day, said:
"Although some of the enemy's men
were guilty of dastardly tricks, we must
remember that their army is not organ
ized with the same discipline as our own.
I never wish to meet a braver general
than Cronje and ! never served in a war
where there was less vindictive feeling be
tween the two armies than in this one."
GOVERNMENT TRANSFERRED.
PRETORIA, Wednesday. March 14.—
State Secretary Reitz this morning posted
the following announcement:
"Yesterday Bloemfontein was occupied
by the British after the burghers had re
tired in a northern direction. The seat of
the Government of the Free State has al
ready been transferred to Kroonstadt,"
NOT A MATCH FOR MAUSERS.
PRETORIA, Tuesday, March 13.— Before
returning to the front to-day General
Joubert said to a press representative:
"The courage of the British soldiers is
beyond question. They rushed the kopjes
and entrenchments in a fearless manner,
but were not a match for the Mausers,
which simply mowed them down."
THREAT OF TRANSVAALERS.
CAPE TOWN, March 15.— The Trans
vaalers at Bloemfontein threatened to
turn their guns on the town if the peace
advocates refused to fight, but the -threat
was unavailing. The war party fled. The
British are now working the Free State
railroad.
COMMANDOS MASSING.
LONDON, March 16.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Lourenzo Marques, dated
Thursday, says that strong commandos
are massing at Warrenton, where the Free
Staters are going to make a stand.
THINKS THAT
HE FOUND THE
NORTH POLE
Interesting Statement of a
French Canadian
Explorer.
Declares That He Found a New Race
of Human Beings in the Arctic
With a Very Unique
Language. .' . '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, March 15.
Joseph Zotigue La Joie has been in Wash
ington for several days in . consultation
with scientists concerning what he be
lieves to be important discoveries In the
Arctic regions. Recently La Joie called
at the office of the New York Herald and
made statements concerning his explora
tions in the north, which apparently are of
extraordinary import. At the Herald's re
quest Mr. La Joie has gone to Washington
: to subject himself to cross-examination by
experts.
According to his own accounts La Joie,
¦who is a French Canadian, drifted to a
point which he believes to have been the
north pole, or, very near to it. That lie
may possibly be mistaken he himself ad
mits. That he may possibly be right
scientists who have seen him agree.
Mr. La Joie believes that during his two
years in the Arctic he discovered a new
race of human beings with a- unique lan
guage, for which these people have a com
plete schedule of written characters.
week concerning the abolishment of the
"Army Canteen" and substituted two
others in its place, from which Stanford
must choose the side and question within
one week. The new questions are: "Re
solved; that the guarantees of the con
stitution should extend to all persons and
territory under the permanent control of
the United States except persons living
In tribal relations"; and "Resolved, that
Porto Rico should be immediately includ
ed within the customs boundaries of the
United States." •
AGUINALDO'S SECRETARY
OF WAR SURRENDERS
Otis Reports That He Has Shipped
Home a Large Number of Span
iards Rescued From the
j, Filipinos.
MANILA. March 15.— Flore3, Aguinal
do's Secretary- of War, has surrendered to
General Mac Arthur.
Aguinaldo's infant' son, who was cap
tured in November and who was suffer
ing from smallpox, is dead. ' : ,
WASHINGTON, March 15.— A" cable
message from General Otis at Manila re
ceived at the War Department- says that
he Shipped to-day for Barcelona, Spain.
533 Spaniards, Including 84 officers and 427
enlisted men "of the Spanish army who
had been rescued from the Filipino in
surgents; also the wives of eight officers
and fourteen children of the families of
officers. -rf ;,;¦
WITNESS HYPNOTIZED.
Declares She Was Influenced to Give
r-;j^ False Testimony.
LEXINGTON, Neb., March 15.— 1n the
trial of Frank L. Dinsmore for the murder
of Frank Lawe further sensational testi
mony was given to-day by Mrs. Lawe, who
is alleged to have been a participant in the
crime while under hypnotic Influence. Mrs.
Lawe said the ! story told by her before
the Coroner's jury exonerating Dinsmore
had been dictated to her by the latter
while she was under his power. The ar
guments will be concluded to-morrow.
Revolution in Entre Rios.
LONDON. March 16. — According to a
dispatch from Buenos Ayres a revolution
has broken out in Entre Rios. The insur
gents have occupied three of the principal
towns of the province.
have been issued. Naval officers who are
acquainted with the fact of the proposed
organization of the board are of the opin
ion that Rear Admiral Sampson .will be
designated as a member, and that Rear
Admiral A. S. Barker, commandant of the
navy yard at Norfolk, who served with
credit on the "War Board organized just
before the war with Spain, will also be
attached to the board. Captain R. D.
Evans, Captain H. C. Taylor and Captain
F. E. Chadwick are also spoken of in
connection with membership en the board.
Several officers are of the opinion that
Rear Admirals Hlchborn and Melville
should be selected on account of their
knowledge of construction and engineer
ing. The order, however, recites that the
board is formed primarily for the purpose
of perfecting war measures. Conse
quently construction will not at first cer
tainly be among the board's duties. The
board is axpected to devise plans of strat
egy to be followed, the distribution of
ships and the strength of vessels on for
eign stations and to take all needful
measures for the defense of the United
States in time of war. There is no ex
pectation of course that war will shortly
occur, but it is proposed by the depart
ment to be prepared for hostilities so that
tho navy can act promptly both for the
defense of this country and of the PhiHp
f>ines, Hawaii and Porto Rico. The board
s to assemble In Washington once every
month. Its action will not of course be
final, but it will make recommendations to
Secretary Long, who, in view cf the
weighty chaiacter of the advice which
will be offered, will undoubtedly approve
them. There Is a disposition on the part
of naval officers to believe that the
board's duties will tfe eventually enlarged
until It will consider all Important naval
questions which may come before the de
partment.
SNAP SHOTS ILLUSTRATING
DANGERS OF SCAVENGER
CfiRTS GOING THEIR ROUNDS
DURING THE DAYTIME.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, March
15.— T0 increase the efficiency of the navy
and. to prepare the service for operations
In case of war. Secretary Long has decided
toorganize what will probably be known
as a policy board, of which Admiral
Dewey will be the president. This state
ment can be made upon high authority.
A formal order announcing the creation
ol the board and giving instructions as to
its membership and duties will be Issued
in the coursa of a- few days. It has been
signed by the Secretary after consultation
with the President, and nothing remains
to make it effective except its promulga
tion and the Issuance of the crders desig
nating the officers elected as members to
report for duty when the sessions occur.
" The' order does not state who shall be
the, members of the board, but it speci
fies that officers holding four positions in
the service shall always be attached to
the board. Incumbents holding those po
sitions will consequently be required to
serve. The admiral of the navy, chief of
the Bureau of Navigation, chief of th«»
office of naval intelligence and the presi
dent of the Naval War College are among
these. There are five other members of
the board whose rank is designated, and
officers holding such rank will be ordered
to report for duty as members of the
board. The officers holding the positions
named above are:
Admiral George Dewey, Rear Admiral
A. S. Crowninshield, Captain Charles D.
Sigsbee, Captain Charles H. Stockton.
The remaining five members will be se
lected by Secretary Long after the orders
EVERT pecular day of the year open
scavenger carts are permitted to
menace the health of San Fran
cisco. * Every day these receptacles
of reeking filth, these depositories
of bandages from eick rooms and hos
pitals, of accumulated slim** arid putrefac
tion. pa.«s freely througrh the city's most
densely thronged streets when business
compels thousands to be imperiled. The
(senses revolt at the smell of decaying
vegetation and the winds sweep millions
of germs of disease into stores, hotels,
Fchoolhousos and dwellings and taint the
air that the multitude must breathe.
There are closed carts for certain classes
of refuse; but there are many more that
are not closed. They are in motion con
etantly from sunrise until sunset. They
pass along Market street, Kearny street.
Mission street, Howard street, Folsom
street and all other principal thorough
fares of the city. Seventh street is the
scene of continual garbage menace. On
that street carts ; are gathered from all
sections of "the city, going to or return
ing from the garbage crematory, and the
winds have opportunity to disperse the
most deadly part of their contents, the
disease germs. They are covered not at
all or so flinisily covered that they lose a
part of their loads on the journey.
This is also true in ail the streets
through which they pass. It is particu
larly true of all the residence sections,
where the children of the poor and of
the rich are alike needlessly endangered.
While the Phelanized Board or Health
i.- urovt-ling in the search for bubonic
jplapue to warrant a raid on the treasury
of the city and has been guilty of false
pretenses to fool the public a danger a
thousand times more to be feared than
the one that reached its official apotheosis
in the assassination of a guinea pig. and
a monkey is apparent to all observers.
But no member of the Board of Health
raiHf-s his voice to call a halt; no ap
potnt«e of Phelan braves the anger of his
official master pointing out that there
is an easy way to escape evident ills.
This is to have the garbage collected and
transported when the- people are not
stirrir:^; when the thousands of school
children are not on the streets or within
reach of possible infection. The Board
of Supervisors has the power to regulate
tli<- maner. «
If any modern scientific fact is estab
lished it is that germs account-for a great
variety of diseases and that the air car
ries the germs and Is, therefore, when it
is tainted, a powerful instrument for the
infection of great communities like San
Francisco. Reporters and artists em
ployed by The Call yesterday went on a
lour of inspection. They found open
garbage wagon* in all the principal
streets. Many of these were permitted to
stand for a long time in front of stores
and rr-s'iienct-s. entirely uncovered, with
the heat of the sun pouring down upon
them and with the wind blowing their
contents about. Crowds of people passed
an<l repasst-<l. Groups of children sported
near by. .Many pictures were taken, ¦of
which a few are published this morning.
In all parts of the city the conditions ob
j served were practically the same.
On Kearny street. In the center of the
chopping district, in the middle of the
day, when many persons lined thp thor
oughfare, stood a scavenger cart filled to
overflowing. The unsavory contents
towered so high that the scavengers were
compelled to get on top of the load and
trample it down to keep it from entirely
blowing away.
On Folsom street two scavengers ha<l
a mixf-d mass of stuff to deal with, which
they had to level off with forks. The
odors emanating therefrom caused all
fiassers to hold their noses. Directly op
posite was Columbia Square, with hun
dreds of little children at play. In many
i.laces there were crowds of children near
Ihe reeking: scavenger carts and the pic
tures presented indicate the populous con
dition of some of the neighborhoods where
the views were taken.
. No first-class city deals with the matter
of health in this reckless fashion with the
exception of San Francisco. Amonp the
riiseases known to originate from germs
are th<» following: Tetanup, tuberculosis,
symptomatic anthrax, malaria, diphtheria,
glanders and rinderpest.
The Board of Health, falling to look af
\fr the collection of garbage under con
ditions threatening the least danger, de
serves to be publicly execrated and it will
be.
WILLIAM McHANEY ARRESTED
Believed to Be a Member of the Gang
of Counterfeiters.
Special Dispatch to The Call. *
SAN BERNARDINO, March 15.— United
States Marshal McCulloch has made an
other important arrest in the counter
feiting case, being ¦William McJlaney,
brother of the man first' arrested, and it
is reported their mother, Mrs. Force, at
Banning is under surveillance as an ac
complice. WJlliam was holding camp
with Ball when > the latter "was arrested,
and it has since been, .discovered that
chemicals for .'electro plating were sent to
William McHaney. -, ? ¦.-/.
It -is thought Ball has given . the whole
game away and that other = warrants ; Are
out for persons implicated. ' William was
taken to Los Angeles, where the trial of
the cases will commence a week from
Saturday. .Officers left here to-night for
the McHaney camp in the mountains,
having further clews in regard to the
plant and other accomplices.
From Photographs taken by The Call's Special Camera Artist.
SHELDON IS
OPPOSED TO WAR
IN PHILIPPINES
Cartoon on This Subject the
Feature of the Topeka
\ <¦:, Capital.
Preacher Editor Denounces People
Who Dodge the Tax Assessor
and Gives His Reason for
Doing So.
TOPEKA, Kans., March 15.— The fea
ture of the Rev. Charles M. Sheldon's pa
per to-morrow morning will be a cartoon
opposing the, war in the Philippines.. It is
the work of Myron A. Watterman, an
artist of considerable local fame and a
brother-in-law of, Mr. Sheldon. It repre
sents Uncle ! Sam dressed -in the uniform
of an officer 'of the United States army
with a smoking rifle: ln his hand, stand
ing in front" of an entrenchment in which
are a number of dead Filipinos, numerous
skulls being seen - in the distance.
Uncle "Sam and pointing to the
results of his marksmanship in the en
trenchments stands the Goddess of ! Lib
erty. She is represented as asking: "Is
this what you call your Christian civiliza
tion?" It, Will" be accompanied by a brief
editorial note denouncing war in general.
Mr. Sheldon left the editorial rooms for
an'hour and a half to-night to conduct the
regular mldweekly prayer meeting at his
church.
Rev. Mr. Sheldon, In the Capital, in de
nouncing those people who dodge the Tax
Assessor, made the statement that an At
chison., Topeka and Santa Fe baggage
man in Topeka pays three times as much
taxes as one of the highest officials of
the road." ;¦.'¦¦ ¦ "¦¦¦¦ «
At the daily conference to-day with
newspaper correspondents, Mr. Sheldon
was asked why he did not publish the
names of those through whom he made
the comparisons, and replied:- "Because
the names are legion. This city is full of
that class of people and I did not think
it right to single out a half dozen ¦ sin
ners and give their names. If I could
have given the entire list I might do so,
but that would bo impossible. I don t
know that I would print them anyway.
I am looking into the future and beyond
to remedy the evil and to persuade peo
ple to be more-honest in the matter of
assessment." ' '. ¦
Asked if he holds that more rood can
be accomplished by creating public senti
ment against places of evil and evil
things, destroying the business and not
naming the guilty parties, Mr. Sheldon
said: • ¦ • • - -¦. .•'• - ¦¦ ¦ ¦•• ¦ ' "'¦*
"That is my idea. , I believe in training
the children right. I take the position
that it is cheaper to prevent crime than
to punish it. That is, the view I take in
my church and parish work. I believe if
we save the children the future is safe.
I don't say that I would not print the
names of evildoers if I were running a
paper permanently, but I do not deem it
best as I am running one for a week
i only."- -~:.----i ¦ , ;.• '¦¦-.- ¦ • ' ¦•-•- ¦ ¦ • .
NEW POSITION FOR
ADMIRAL DEWEY IS
TO BE CREATED
Will Be Made the President of a Naval Pol
icy Board That Is Shortly to Be Organ
ized by Secretary Long*
Other Members Will Be Prominent Officers of the
Navy and Their Duties Will Be to Formulate
: Plans of Strategy for War Time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SCAVENGER CARTS
ARE BREEDERS OF
DREAD PESTILENCE
They Circulate Freely Where Crowds Collect
and Scatter Seeds of Disease Upon the
Streets of the City*
— ?
Health Department Overlooking One of the Great
est Dangers to the Public — Lack of Protec
tion Against Deadly Germs.
ADVEBTISEMENTfIL
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1900:
Weil Gall SLOObbi Year
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the 'money If it falls to cure.
JO. yr.'Ofonf* «l«njttar« i» c» tacti tx^ 265.
InrafT m^B *T^sl
>-M mm. XL^ M m WW»
Our. sprinfj ties are here— the colorings are as gay, as varied H
Hj as ever Mother Earth was painted by Dame Nature. E|
¦9 The ties are pure silk and come. in tecks, four-in-hands, puffs 69
and patwing clubs," in stripes, dots, fluer de lis and" other de- Eg
B We have the ties in subdued effects also — in fact, we have ¦§
See our window decorations of these spring ties. 1' 3 U \\ \ ¦!
!¦ Out-of-town order* filled— writ* for illustrated catalogue No. 2. ¦§
I 718 Market Street. B
AHEALTHBOOMi
A Ware of Prosperity and Physical Well*
Bsing Floods the_Whole Country.
Enthusiast;- Statements From America n
Citizens Everywhere »ho Are
Anxious to Inform the World
How Well They Feel.
The great secret of gaining health and
keeping it after it has been attained has
been discovered and the news has swept
across the whole United .States, causing a
perfect boom of health. The secret inter-
ests not only those who are ill but those
who are well, for to maintain health Ill-
ness must be prevented. Educate your
bowels, keep your liver lively, and purify
your system and blcod with an antiseptic
disinfectant! That's all there is to It. but
the means of accomplishing it never were
known until the discovery of Cascarets
Candy Cathartic, the ideal modern scien-
tific laxative. Hear what a few of the
happy ones have to say:
"I am a user of Cascarets and thinK
there is nothing like them." Mrs. Lott.e
Pfeiffer. Arlington, Nebr.
"I have used Cascarets in my family
and there is nothing like them. I recom-
mend them to every one." W. J. Berguin.
Humboldt, S. D.
"We have been using Cascarets in our
family since last spring, and cannot do
without them." Mrs. J. C. Jamieson. Poy-
nette, Wis.
"I usg Cascarets and could not get along
without them. My husband uses and rec-
ommends them In his practice." Mrs. Dr.
Nyce. 58 Ontario St.. Cohoes. N. Y.
"I take pleasure In recommending Cas-
carets. They are the most wonderful med-
ical preparation I ever used. Cascarets
work like magic and never fall. John
S. Rice, 21 Seymour St., Philadelphia, Pa.
"I am a firm believer in Cascarets. They
are the best cathartic I ever used." Tom
Holt, Wellwood, Manitoba.
"I do not think there Is anything better
for constipation than Cascarets. I recom-
mend them to all my friends. Minnie b.
McCumb, Mianus, Conn.
"I take pleasure in letting you know
what good your Cascarets have done for
me I suffered with constipation, pain in
the stomach and dizziness for two years
and tried most all kinds of medicines. A
friend advised me to try Cascarets. So
I bought a 10c box and after using them
I felt great relief and am now entirely
well." S. Gould, 327 Durfor St., Philadel-
P Over five million boxes of Cascarets sold
last year proves their merit. Buy and try
a box to-day. 10c. 25c. 50c. all druggists.
Booklet and sample free. Address Ster-
ling Remedy Company, Chicago or New
-, This is the CASCARET tan-
X_ _ ,_X let. Every tablet of tho only
I Irfrfr I genuine Cascarets bears th«
I iblijvU J magic letters "C C C." Look
k A at the tablet before you buy.
\^ y and beware of frauds. Imita-
tions and substitutes.
5-ral. keera. not $1.00 63«
Golden Dates, not 15c •«
Golden West Mush, not 10c 4c
Green Coffee, not 20c 12%0
Roast Coffee, not 25c *5o
Crown Shoe Dressing, not 15c Tc
Pie Fruits, all kinds, not 15c _.— — ...10 c
Family Soap, not 5c.... 2Hc
Beat Eastern Corn, not 15c.. ......--.—...¦-- Oc
Ladles* finest Felt Slippers, not Sl.OO ••¦ X ?«
Ladies' strong, neat Shoes, not J2.00 fl.lO
Little child's Cloaks, not U. 50.. .5c
Girls' Kid Shees. stylish, not J1.50 9 X.0»
Ladles' Elastics with belt, not 25c .»c
Ladles' fancy Tennis Gowns, not J1.50 Me
Boss the Road Overalls, not 75c 3Oc
BJjc money saved on every purchase.
CASH STORE
The orie'nal reliable and largest mall order
house. Ask for CataloKues, free.
25-27 Market St., near the Ferry.
pliP^ WOPERPDL
RUF»TURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
"Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce irave to
the public the most remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful treatment of Her-
nia, or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers have
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
by this great appliance, and thousands of others
are now on the road to complete recovery. This
Truss is different from all others. It does the
work!
You can set our "BOOKLET No. 1" by call-
ins at the office, or it will be sent on receipt of
a 2-cent stamp. It tells jail about this Truss.
"magnetic elastic truss co. f
620 Market Street (Opposite Palac* Hotel).
San Francisco.
Kaatern Office-New York City.
tIERCES
FAVORITE
SCEIPTION
RWEAKWOMEM.
REYNOLD'S
'Bb*^ ssl be confined by
Gout or Rheumatism, If on the firstapproacl*
of the paroxysm they bare recourse to this rem-
edy ; then, a single dose is often sufficient.
V. tOVGEKA A CO.. 38.30 \. William St.. V,^.
T> f> TT C II I 7 Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
ljnUDniiD-. Beb ootbi a j.^
brewers, bookbinders, eanciy-rnakera, cannera.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHAN.VI BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
2delphia, split early in the afternoon and
two separate conventions was the result.
The White faction elected as delegates
William White. of Travis County and L.
A. Whiting of Washington. The Brush
faction elected as delegates J. C. Horn
berger of Travis County and J. T. Har
ris of Washington. Both factions adopt
ed resolutions indorsing President Mc-
Kinley's administration."
TURKS TROUBLED
BY RUSSIA'S MOVES
IN ASIA MINOR
Government Advises Against Submission
and Sultan Awaits a Military Report on
Strategic Advantages*
Russian Press Treats the Matter in a Conservative
Way and Hints That Preparations for Man
euvers Were Misconstrued.
f*\ ONSTANTINOPLE, March 13.— There is great anxiety in official circles
I here regarding the Russian Government's refusal to modify its demands
1 regarding railroad concessions in Asia Minor. The Turkish Government
I . advises against submission and the Sultan is awaiting a military report
on the strategical aspect of the question before giving a decision.
LONDON, March 16.— The Constantinople correspondent of the Times says:
"There is a rumor that Russia Intends to ask Turkey for a coaling station in the
archipelago, either in Lemnos, Imbros or Mltylene."
The St. Petersburg correspondent of the Times says: "Fresh alarm is spread
ing abroad from South Russia with regard to further suspicious military move
ments. Russian troops are being concentrated at Odessa. Perhaps, however,
it is only in timely preparation for the grand maneuvers."
SHOT DEAD BEFORE
HER FATHER'S EYES
Young Woman Murdered and a Jury
Exonerates the Parent for
Avenging the Deed.
ST. PAUL, Minn., March 15.— A Butte,
Mont., special to the Pioneer Press says:
A tragedy at Bannock yesterday, reports
of which have Just been received, resulted
in the death of Fred Brown and Myrtle
Lyttle, the daughter of William Lyttle.
There was hard feelings between the fam
ilies. Last Tuesday Brown told Lyttle he
would bring his pun up to Lyttle's house
and straighten this thing up. Wednesday
morning about 11 o'clock Brown ap
proached Lyttle's house. Myrtle Lyttle
went to meet him and was seen "to talk
with him. He said he intended to "kill
the whole outfit." She turned to go into
the house, when Brown shot her in the
back, delivering a shot after she fell. Lyt
tle heard the shots, ran to the door with
a gun and seeing his daughter lying on the
ground fired at Brown with deadly effect
killing him Instantly. Lyttle surrendered.
The Coroner's jury returned a verdict of
justifiable homicide.
Passed the Century Mark.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash.. March 15.—
Jean Baptiste Deschamps died this morn
ing at St. John's Hospital at the ad
vanced age of 102. having been born In
Paris February 28, 1738. He was an in
male of the hospital for six years. He
was a direct descendant of the famous
Deschamps who figured prominently in
French history during the reign of Na
poleon.
Fell Through an Elevator Shaft.
M. Mangles, who resides at 207 Powell
street, fell through the elevator shaft in
the Sterling Furniture Company's build- 1
Ing on Market street yesterday afternoon
and sustained a fracture of the left elbow
and probably internal injuries. He was
treated at. the -City. Receiving Hospital. .
vatlng the ruins about Athens, recited a
history of the work accomplished. He said
one could not become interested, without
belnggnfatuated with the work on Greek
life. •They were the most magnificent
race that ever existed, he said.
upon him, punching him right and left.
Friends of the attacked man came to th©
rescue and theie was a general melee and
free fight and many noses were reddened,
eyes blacked and^ heads bruised. It was
a sickly lot of people that extricated
themselves from the scrimmage and one
by one slipped from the hall.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF THE COAST
Pensions Granted — Postal Changes
and Authority Granted for the
Organization of a Bank. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 15.-The Comp
troller of the Currency to-day approved
the application for authority to organize
the First National Bank of Cottage Grove
Or., with a capital of $25,000. '
Pensions: California— Original— Frederick
M. Hannum (dead), San Francisco, $6;
Edward Clow, Yreka, $6. Increase— Ste
phen H. Libbey, National Military Homo
Los Angeles, $6 to $10; John Wlnn, Walnut
Grove, $8 to JlO. Original widows, special
accrued, March 3— Theresa Ross Los Ber
ros, $S. War with Spain, original— Lans
Carlston, San Francisco. $24
Washington— Orignal— William H. How
ard. Davenport, $6. Original widows, etc
—Special accrued, March 3— Effie J. Sack'
ett. Gig Harbor, $8. CX
By direction of the acting Secretary of
War % Major Henry S. Turrill. surgeon of
the United States army, upon completion
of the duty assigned to him by the com
manding general of the Department of
California will proceed to Manila, Philip
pine Islands, and report in person to "the
commanding general of the Department of
the Pacific and the Eighth Army Corns
for assignment to duty.
The following postoffices will become do
mestic money order offices April 2:
California — Auld, Garvalia,- Oak, Ter
minal. Oregon— Bridal Veil. Crystal'" Fort
Stevens, Monument. Washington— Lake
dale, Ethel, Grays Harbor. Hartford Loon
Lake, Toppanlsh. Utah— Holllday. .'
The . postoffice at -Corning,' Gal., will be
come-presidential on April 1 and the sal
ary of the Postmaster will be $1200.
Split in Convention.
; AUSTIN, Texas, March 15.— The Repub
lican convention for - the Ninth district,
which convened here to-day to select dele
gates to the national convention In Phila-
WOULD GIVE CONGRESS
CONTROL OF ALL TRUSTS
Ray of New York Offers a Sweeping
Amendment to the National
Constitution,
( WASHINGTON', March 15.— Representative Ray of New York, chairman of
the House Committee on Judiciary and at the head of the special sub-com
mittee on trusts, to-day introduced the following joint resolution proposing
an amendment to the constitution:
Resolved, etc.. That the following article be proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States as an amendment to the constitution of the United States:
Article XVl— The Congress of the United States shall have power to repress
monopolies and combinations; to create and dissolve corporations and dispose of their
property; to make all laws necessary and proper for the execution of the foregoing
powers. Such powers may be exercised by the several States in any manner not in
conflict with the laws of the United States.
GREEKS OF OLO
AND THEIR GODS
ABLY DISCUSSES
President "Wheeler on the
Unique Religion of the
Ancients.
BERKELEY, March 15.— President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler of the University of
California delivered an address on "Greek
Religion in Greek Art" before the Art
Association of the University of Califor
nia in Hearst Hall this evening. The lec
ture was illustrated by stereopticon views
of the buildings and points of interest in
Greece as developed through the excava
tiors during^'the past ten years.
Dr. Wheeler showed that the Greeks
made thf ir religion pre-eminent. All livAr
wonderful architectural monuments were
developed by their religious instincts. "No
j>eople was ever great," he said, "without
a religion. The religion of the Greeks was
omnipresent. Everything centered on re
ligion. His entire environment and lift;
was religious. The voice of God was in
everything. Unlike tlie Semetic God,
which is relegated to a distance and be
fore waom all bow, the Greek god was on
a par with his worshipers. The god wai
sought m 1m 1 dwellings and made one of the
family.
"The Greek showed respect to the gods
as fellow members cf the state and as
chief citizer.3 of the state. The state was
a. socio-rtiigious bond. Religion was not
,a matter of creeds and theologies, but
fellowship. To the Greek impiety was
treason and treason impiety. Any one
who offended any of the gx>ds created a
treason against the state.
"In the summer the gods in all their
plorv were entertained in the best style
the Greeks knew. As athletics was th«*
life it was made the entertainment for
thf g-ods at their festivals."
Dr. Wheeler made a comparison between
the old Greek religion and that of to-day.
The Greek was on familiar terms, he
Bald, with his gods. He asked favors of
th^m as he would of a friend. He did not
bos- down to the last to something he
could not imagine. They had no devil as
we understand it. he said, and no god
lift*-*! up. but they always had the god
with them. Evil to their minds always
came mixed up with God in the personal
ity. Ti.rre is no word in Greek that means
good. There is no such thing as good. A
man may be just, but is never cailed
good. There were no good men. and,
above a. I. none who were cailed goody
goody. There, of course, came a time
when Gr.-ece tired of philosophy and a
time whr-ri they made A. distinction be
tween good and bad an we know it. Then
came the iirst intimation of sin. They, un
like us, put their gods on the stage nnd
threw ridicule at them. Gods like Apollo
which brought plenty to the land were
never made mirth of.
Views of the Acropolis, Parthenon and
familiar historical points of Greece, and
Athens particularly. wer» thrown on the
screen and described by President Wneel
cr. The beautiful Parthenon, with Its
wonderful cells, was minutely described.
"The builders of these magnificent tem
ples were no ordinary workmen," said he.
"They were of those whose equal for
alertness and architectural ability tb-s
world has never known."
In conclusion Professor Wheeler, who
epent two years In exploring and exca-
ZIONIST MEETING
ENDS IN A FREE FIGHT
Disciples Had Gathered Together to
Protest Against Compulsory
Vaccination in Victoria.
Sj-ecial Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 15. — On ac
count of the smallpox scare now prevail
ing in the north proclamations have been
published calling upon citizens to have
themselves vaccinated, and the medical
board is considering compulsory vaccina
tion. At Vancouver all passengers arriv
ing in the city if they cannot show cer
tificates or marks are vaccinated by doc
tors who meet the trains and steamers.
Of course there is an anti-vaccination
party, and included in this party are the
Zionists, who are against not only vac
cination but doctors and medicines. Last
nignt Rev. Mr. Slddons of Vancouver lec
tured in Zion Tabernacle on the "Failure
and Iniquity of Vaccination." In the
course of the lecture the Zionist minister
began to quote statistics and then came
interrogations and interruptions and some
one shouted "You're lying." There was
an uproar then until when concluding h»s
lecture the speaker said that any others
who wished to speak against vaccination
could have the platform.
Some one shouted, "TOJiat about the
other side?" and when he said that 4jiey
were barred the uproar was intensined.
One of his questioners was proceeding to
speak when several Zion disciples sprang
Mrs. James Gilleran, Who Gave Battle to Attorney McEnerney.
have relatives in Muscatine. lowa. Mrs.
Adams is detained at the police station.
Adams was under surveillance by the po
lice early this winter for terrifying mes-'
senger boys.
WAR AGAINST GAMBLERS.
Man Charged With Selling Fools Ar
rested in Yolo County.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, March 13.— The ramblers
recently driven out of Sacramento and
who opened poolrooms in Washington will
not be granted immunity in Tolo County.
On information furnished by men who
watched agents of theirs purchase pools
two John Doe warrants were issued to
day and Deputy Sheriff Henry Bucking
ham of Washington arrested J. H., Davis
and brought him to this city on z charge
of pool selling to await his trial. Frank
Daroux came over from Sacramento and
gave security for Davis' appearance. Da
roux says he can beat the Yolo ordinance
and District Attorney Eruton says he will
push the matter to a finish and Is confi
dent of winning. The case is likely to go
to the highest court for settlement.
W. H. Vioget Dead.
SAN JOSE. March 15.— W. H. Vloget.
widely known as a breeder and trainer
of trotting horses and also as a breeder
of fine stock of all kinds, died in this
city to-day. He formerly followed the
trotting circuit, but for a number of year*
past had devoted himself to his stock
farm near Laurence station. He was born
in San Francisco fifty-two years ago.
PASSENGER AGENT SHOT
DEAD BY HIS WIFE
She Declares That for Years He Had
Abused Her and Had Threat
ened Her Life. .
CINCINNATI. March la.-Charles Ad
ams, a passenger agent for the Union Pa
cific, who came here with his wife from
Omaha last October with their two little
children, Irving and Fay, was shot and
killed by his wife; Jessie Turman-Adams.
to-night, in the Primrose flat on Race
street. The only person present was Ger
tie Turman, the sister of the wife, who Is
an actress under the name of Gertie
Hays.
Mrs. Adams, when taken to the station
house, said she had been living in a veri
table hell for years; that her husband
threatened her life; that he would hold
her eldest son by the heels, head down
ward, outside of a fifth-story window, and
had been habitually cruel. He had re
cently threatened her life and she had
provided herself with a revolver for self
defense. To-night he opened -up at sup
per time with a terrific tirade of abuse,
followed with a blow across the nose
which felled her to the floor, and then
struck her again. She struggled to her
feet, drew a pistol and fired one shot,
which struck him in the shoulder. He
turned his back and then she fired again.
This time the ball entered behind the
right e?r and came out above the left eye.
It was a fatal shot.
Adams has relatives in Omaha, and the
sisters, Mrs. Adams ami Miss Turman,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1900.
WITNESS PRODUCED
THAT SLUMPED THE
FAIR ATTORNEYS
Mrs* James Gilleran Tells a Strong Story of
James G* Fair's Admission of Marriage
to Mrs. Nettie Craven.
Placed on the Stand and Subjected to Rigid and
Persistent Cross Examination by McEner
ney She Was Not Entangled.
WHEN Attorney Plerson said
"That is all." after he had
finished with his cross-examin
ation of Mrs. Sarah E. John
sen on Wednesday afternoon,
Lafe Pence, attorney for Mrs. Craven
*a:r, pledged his word to the court that
the attorneys for the petitioner would
Onuh their case on the morrow. The
morrow has come and gone and yet the
oetense is by no means at the end of its
case. Who is at fault is difficult to say.
The last witness of the day was a Mrs.
Janes Gilleran. proprietress of the El
Monte Hotel and formerly the landlady of
the Windsor House. She told a story that
Kept the attorneys for the respondents in
a stew of anxiety. Before adjournment
the had Garret McEnerney, who was in
charge cf the cross-battery fire yesterday
afternoon, in a cold perspiration and
floundering in a sea of confusion.
Never was a witness— and a woman at
that— more sure of her ground. Trippingly
from her tongue came the story of James
G. Fair's proclamation of the wifehood
cf Mrs. Nettie Craven. With a»good run
r.inj; start McEnerney attempted to beat
tlifr field, but he died at the half-mile post
and reserved the right to further cross
question Monday morning when the case
will be resumed. Mrs. Gilleran left the
stand unperturbed and locke*. "vithin an
armor of apparent truth.
The morning session began with a con
tinuation of the cross-examination of H.
M. Bryant, the man of many homes. At
torney Pierson subjected him to a verbal
gattUas pun fire with, the result that
Bryant was gasping for breath before the
finish. Hardly had the trouble begun be
fore McEnerney. in answer to an objection
of one of the Pence brotherhood, jumped
to his feet and stridently shouted:
"We think the testimony of this wit
ness < s a fabrication and we wish to show
That the declaration that this man gave
$50 to jj U ne Payne, a woman whom he
knew but a week, is preposterous."
"'lf you work along those lines," retort
ed Charles Pence, "we might show sev
eral instances where attorneys— and I
mention no names — of the c*»posite side
have given much more on a thorter ac- '
quaintance."
The cross-examination brought out that
Errant was any kind of a man in regard
to occupation. He delivered lectures on
the labor question, financial problems; '
was the founder of a Grand Army post; j
had serred four years in the war of the
rebellion; was an employe of the Santa ¦
Ke Railroad and manager of the Pacific j
Grove Bank. His testimony concluded
with the recital of a scheme to secure his
signature to a paper on Wednesday even
ing at his Oakland home by some un
known party, who represented himself to
be an officer serving a subpoena.
"He was a big, corpulent man with a
black mustache, but I fooled him." eaid
Bryant.
"Ti-at's all." said Piexson, and Bryant
vent his way subject to recall.
Louis Whitcomb, reporter of the Chron
icle, was the next witness called. Charles
Pence claimed that the story printed In
that paper yesterday morning was a slur
end a bitter attack on the attorneys for
Mrs. Craven-Fair and likewise a contempt
of court. McEnerney objected to the ex
amination of Whitcomb, as it was a mat
ter extraneous to the case. Some hot !
argument ensued, with the finality that j
Whltcvmb was allowed to resume his re- I
portorial labors just as the trial was ad
journed until the afternoon session.
The matinee battle began by calling
.for several witnesses who did not put in
an appearance. The bailiff cried loud and
lustily for Mrs. Kate C. Plumber, but she
was not on deck to answer. Reuben H.
Lloyd was wanted by the Pcnces, and he,
too, was not within reach, so they quietly
announced that Mrs. James Gilleran
would be the next witness.
Mrs. Gilleran proved the best witness
for the petitioner's cause since the trial
began. She is a woman of strong Hiber
nian accent, with a positiveness of man
ner and speech that admitted of no bom
bardment. In her capacity as landlady
of the Windsor House she said that she
had seen Senator Fair In the rooms of
Mrs. Craven, who was stopping in her
house in July and August of 1592. On one
occasion when she was in the room to
drape a mantel lambrequin Mrs. Craven
and Senator Fair were present. Mrs.
Craven and Mrs. Gilleran were working
over the mantel decoration and Senator
Fair was sitting on the sofa when the fol
lowing conversation ensued:
"Are you married to him?" said Mrs.
Gilleran.
Mrs. Craven then turned to Senator Fair
and said:
"Did you hear that. James? She wants
to know if we are married."
"What's that?" responded the Senator,
and when the question was repeated by
Mrs. Craven he replied, laughingly: "XVs,
we are, and why shouldn't we be? My
children have all gone back on me nnd
Mrs. Craven is a good woman. Didn't I
do right?" And then Pence turned th*
witness over to McEnerney, who conduct
ed the cross-examination.
For two hours that legal luminary kept
Mrs. Gilleran on the prill, eliciting a
wealth of testimony that strengthened the
petitioner's side of th« case. She was
a "hard customer" and McEnerney got
the worst of the bargain. Question after
question, thrown at her with expected de
structive force was repelled with an in
stinctive wit that made the attorneys of
the respondents perspire mentally. Mrs.
Gilleran told of the visits of Fair to Mrs.
Craven in the Windsor House: of a meet
ing on Montgomery street when the pe
titioner and the Senator, arm in arm.
walked lovingly over the pavements; of
money sent through herself to Mrs. Cra
ven, who was stopping at the California
Hotel, and much other Interesting stuff
about the close association of the two.
"I saw him go In her room at least
twenty times," said Mrs. Gilleran. and
she recalled the individual meetings with
great exactness.
Badgered as she was by McEnerney the
witness did not display any confusion or
ill temper. When asked if she had signed
anj- contract for recompense for testify
ing she indignantly remarked that Mr.
McEnerney knew her too well for that.
The attorney said he did not. This aroused
Mrs. Gilleran and she related the visits
of Judge Lawlor. Thomas Flynn and Mc-
Ererney himself.
Disclaiming: any interest in the trial it
self Mrs. Gilleran said it was against her
will that she was called in to testify.
"I foolishly remarked before Senator
Morehouse. his wife and daughter. Dr.
Reickart and Dr. Bardu at my hotel, the
El Monte, that I knew of the marriage of
Senator Fair and Mrs. Craven. That was
the mistake. Soon after I was visited by
the Pence?, but I would not be inter
viewed. Then I was subpenaed and here
I am."
McEnerney persistently fired away at
the witness. She admitted an acquaint
ance with Martin Kelly; but disclaimed
any connection with him in regard to this
case. She said that she had spoken of her
knowledge about the relationship of Mrs.
Craven and Senator Fair to but very* few.
At this point the hour for adjournment
had arrived and Judge Troutt called the
case off until Monday, when Attorneys
Plerson and McEnerney will risk another
sheaf of shafts at the buxom landlady.
I iiiJpi^^^te Ifiood I
|1 You can't buy clothing more satisfactory than this for the money — you can't buy clothing with H
gl more liberal privileges than we offer ; in fact, not as liberal. §)§
|jl Just received last^ week— bright new spring patterns in boys' suits, ages Bto 15 years ; grays, two H
ft) shades in stripes and plaids ; the style is double-breasted ; the suits will wear very well, indeed, as they fi
HI have double seats and knees and are all wool ; price H
gg| We fill out-of-town orders for clothing, hats and furnishings. Write to us for our illustrated catalogue No. 2 — it mill help you in your ordering. b9
tsa Should you order clothing we send a self-measuring blank which assures you of getting a good fit. Write us to-day. f ¦¦
3HBHEIBaHHHaHBBHBHBaanMHBaBHBBBIIBBHBB
I WOMAN'S GUIDE ]
s r^^^H» RECOVERY, s
n "^- :^^ -^EeS*l'l y 110W flne '>' Illustrated book Is J
¦ i» v jf€ZT* ncrvv read y a " d wll l be mailed free ¦
¦¦ V^W '**£^' ' ¦^a&rWj "o upon request. This work is a plain. B
B 5^W? i\ft«7 ' " ?£?#??< °o honest, straightforward talk on the B
¦ ©xi^Si » cause and. cure of .disease. It ex- -m
d l*Vvw\ %V 54 «L^ s W^*ftiPpM/^ plains the relation of the nerves to i
•a V' i V^VTfsl*^ 1 P*' 1 /// '*01t&L*i l ' le v ' tn ' organs, and how these
J <U°(?>?Jir^«r3» x< \ (aCyXifjMV'ri ma >' bo restored by that simple and H
¦ S vCSe^i IriJ/9 natural remedy — ELECTRICITY. ¦
B v °« *^ x? 1 " *£!£y&e ¦' My' book shows that your beat B
H • - ¦ ' i "NiZ^C friend Is your strength, and how to fl|
m . \^V regain It if lost. It shows that your ¦ m
m «§> ¦ Vxv dread foe Is disease, and that. how- j
S '. w-<^~^^ • 2f \ x ever slight or stealthy Its approach, 5
3 4>*^P ~*^^ s>s v^ l its » grasp bye and bye becomes a 5
¦ y?^ ' ' V fight for life. My • 01
¦ Is arresting widespread attention among suffering people; it is arousing In- ¦
mj qulry from medical and scientific men, because its power is unparalleled as a 5
S > remedy and it Is the adaptation of the most subtle and natural element in the 5
H worId— ELECTRICITY AS A LIFE FORCE. By this means I have cured Kid- B
¦ ney Trouble, Lumbago and Rheumatism of the worst forms, Ovarian and Uter- B
I . lne Weaknesses of the most obstinate character— and these : cures run up Into B
B the thousands: gg
S A Mother's IA/ords. ¦
B - '- MERCED, Cal., "March 5, 1900. * ¦
B . DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: My daughter is much improved and S
wm '. considering her former condition: has made -wonderful progress.. I know that S
S your. Electric Belt treatment is restoring her as rapidly as possible Your* ¦
¦ truly, , ¦ ¦¦-•;:•¦ ; , ' '-> MRS. S.MATHEWS. ™ B
D Call and notice my appliances or send : for my new book.- free. ¦ • ¦ - H
¦ Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, is^S^^a taj J
iimiiiiiuiiimiHiiaimiiiHiinHiiinS
Killed by a Train.
SUISTJN, March 15.— While crossing the
railroad north of this city this afternoon
Nellie Carty. a young woman, was killed
by the overland limited bound for San
Francisco. Deceased - had Just completed
serving a term In Fairfield jail for'va
grancy. She was known in Vallejo as Nel
lie Brown. She was 20 years. of age and
had relatives In San Francisco.
Insane Heiress Bead.
PETALUMA, March 15.— Miss Kllen
Cleveland was burled here to-day. Shu
died In the Napa Asylum after thirty
years spent as an Inmate. Deceased was
heiress to a $15,000 estate In this county. '
AMERICAN LINE.
WW TOKX. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDOJI. PA3II
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. '
From New Torlc every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Kensington ...March 21! St. Louis April 11
N «w York March 23' New York April H
St. Paul April 4 St. Paul AprU 23
RED STAFt LINE.
New York ar>d Antwerp.
From New York *very Wednesday. 13 noon.
—March Zfi Southwark .....April It
p2u?i ••••March 23; Westernland ...April li
Freisland April <! Kensington ....April 13
EMPIRE LINE. .; _
Seattle. St. Mieljael. Dawion aty.
For full Information regarding freight an«
, . passage &pply to
T^? XATION ' AL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery at., or any of its agencies.
Cameras and photo 6upplles In artists'
material department at Sanborn & Vall's,
741 Market at,,
IA/. T.HESS,
UOTIBI PMI.IO A.HO ATTwRNKT-lt-tAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claua SpreckeU BM*.
_ ? • Telephone Brown «3L
R.sidence, Ul CalUonU* .t.. Imlow Fwr^l.
B*a Frtaciaco.
' fSmRaBIU wif ii 0 *" Honolulu
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
rrom Eiwar-street Wharf at 10 a, ta.
FARF f L 2 c Flrtt sla"5 la " Including Berth
THnL $8 Second Class and Xfeall
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
coLi^mX-ViYsV.V.V.-.V.-.VM^rw. % Si'j
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte
Helena and all points in the Northwest
Through tickets to all points East.
• E. C. WARD, General Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO. Mark<!t **
• - Superintendents.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
OCEA2T TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
( Steamers leave Broadway
»^ wharf, San Francisco:
VffW For Alaskan ports', 10 a, m..
BPffWfc Slar. IT, 22. 27. Apr. 1. Change
lßttiPfT^Whi to company's steamers ai
¦fi^Ssfl l£i For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
HtflC^flStti C.) I'ort Townsend, Seattle.
Tacoma. Kverett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom tWash.),
10 a. m.. Mar. 17, 22. 27. Apr.
1, and every fifth day thereafter: change at
Seattle to this company's steamers. for Alaska
and Q. N. Ry. : yftt Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. '
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Mar.
20, 25, 30, Apr. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cay-
ucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. ¦ San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Anpeles), and Newport. 9
a. m.. Mar. 16. 20. 24, 28. April 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diesro. stopping only at Port Harford
(San I>uls Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Lo«
Angelea and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. m..
Mar. IS, 22. 16, 30, April 3, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Knsenada, Uagdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altatn. La Paz. Santafßosalta
and Gunymas (Mex.), 10 a, m.. Mar. S, and 7th
of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The ccmtwmy reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing.'
without previous notice.
TICRKT OFFICK— 4 New Montzomery
street (Pr.laee Hotel).
. GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. ARts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
SHARP DEBATE
OVER THE BOLL
PEN INQUIRY
First Witness on Behalf
of the Defense
Testifies.
Refuses to Answer a Question Put by
Lentz Which Is Characterized.
by Stevens as Absurd and
Nonsensical.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— Although
the direct testimony In the Coeur d'Alene
investigation before the House Commit
tee on Military Affairs Is not yet closed,
the prosecuting witnesses temporarily
gave place to-day to. the first witness not
identilied with those bringing ,the charges.
This was J. H. Forney, the special prose
cuting officer, who directed the cases be
fore the Coroner's jury and the Grand
Jury at the seat of the disorder. He said,
he had been a prosecuting official for sev-.
enteen years, and. was especially ap
pointed in this case by the Attorney Gen
eral of Idaho.
The witness said the Coroner's investi
gation, which was much criticized on the
direct examination, was conducted in the
usual way and in accordance withy the
law. The jury not only investigated the
deaths resulting from the riot of April 29,
but also the conspiracy leading up to that
demonstration. The theory that a con
spiracy existed gave the inquiry a broad
scope. Mr. Forney said, however, that no
force, violence or intimidation was used
toward the witnesses. Concerning the
prisoners in the "bull pen," Mr. Forney
said they were not held under any specific
charges,- but by virtue of the Governor's
proclamation declaring that the county
was in a state of insurrection.
This was in accordance with the law,
he said, which provided that In case of
insurrection the Governor may appoint a
special officer with an armed force to take
charge of affairs.
The witness was examined at length on
th» legal rights involving the suspension
of the writ of habeas carpus, etc. He said
the writ- had not been suspended In Idaho
although the action of the. Governor and
the holdings of the courts might have had
that practical effect. He maintained,
however, that the denial of a writ of ha
beas corpus in particular cases did -not
operate as a general suspension, of 'the
system. The cross-examintlon by Lentz
and Sulzer was directed to show that
the Attorney General of Idaho demurred
to the application of habeas corpus and
In effect held that the writ was sus
pended.
A heated controversy arose over the hy
pothetical .Question by Lentz as to
whether if a sister of charity: had been
put in the "bull pen" she could have se
cured a writ of habeas corpus. ¦' • ¦ '
The answer was that no such condition
could have existed. ¦• ¦¦¦ ¦ . ?:- --. ;
When Lentz pressed the question, Stev
ens of Minnesota sharply- protested that
the question was "absurd and nonsensi
cal." " '¦-;: : . ¦ - *
Lentz declared the witness was seeking
to evade. the question, whereupon the wit
ness turned to the Ohio member. and said:
"I am perfectly honest In this matter, I
\jant you to understand, sir."
The witness finally declined to 1 answer I
the Question further. v - J
Representative Hay of Virginia raised
the point that this placed the witness In
contempt, and asked for a vote on hold-
Ing the witness to be in contempt.
A controversy of half an hour followed,
bringing frequent sharp and rather per
sonal exchanges between Marsh of Illi
nois and Lentz of Ohio.. The question was
finally changed and the controversy
closed.
When the witness was asked as to his
politics Jett of Illinois Inquired if the in
vestigation was to be on political lines.
Marsh answered that in his opinion the
Investigation was conceived and executed
for political purposes. ¦ >
General Merriam's Denials.
WASHINGTON,. March 15.— Brigadier
General Merrlam, who was in command
of. the troops at Wardner, Idaho, last
year, during the miners troubles in that
State, to-day denied ttiQ published reports
that He had . suggested to the President
the enactment of a law making labor
unions a crime, and also denied that he
had ever used profane language In con
nection with his duties at Wardner. He
said that at no time had he made rec
ommendations at an tq the President on
the subject of labor unions.
BEWARE THE "PHEL.ONIC" PLAGUE TfiAT HAS INFESTED THE CITY.
the Sunset oil fields, a distance of thirty
miles.
TRAMPS ROB A STORE.
Arrested by, Officers and the Stolen
Goods Recovered.
CORNING, March 15.— A party of tramps
gained entrance to B. J. Morey's bicycle
and jewelry store at this place at about 9
o'clock last night and succeeded In carry-
Ing off a large number of watches, rings
and other articles. Mr. Mbrey was ab
sent from his stcre at the time and did not
become aware of the robbery until an
hour or so after the thieves had departed.
The officers were notified and a search
at once began for the robbers. Constable
W. Hart succeeded in finding them near
Tehama. He also recovered nineteen of
the stolen watches. After daybreak this
morning a more thorough hunt was made
for the rest of the stolen goods. Three
watches and seventeen rings were found
near the place where the arrest was made.
The prisoners are now In jail at this place
awaiting trial. The same gang of tramps
resisted arrest at Orland a day previous
to their arrival in Corning, overpowered
the constable of that place, handcuffed
his hands behind his back and pinned his
star on the back of his coat. The evi
dence of their guilt is so conclusive that
a speedy conviction is assured.
Inspect Panama Canal.
Brwlal Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright, ISOO, by the New York
Herald Comx-any.
PANAMA. March 16.— The United States
Canal Commission yesterday again visited
the Gorgona section of the Panama canal,
where they embarked on the canal com
pany's 'tugs. They went down the Cha
jrres River to Bohio and returned from
that place to Colon to-day. They came
over to inspect the company's hospitals.
The Scorpion will return to Caledonia
Bay to-morrow.
Wants Divorce Annulled.
LOS ANGELES, March 15.— The suit of
J. W. McClelland, a former horse trainer
for "Lucky" Baldwin, against Bertha 9.
Ball and Charles S. Ball to recover J13.000
and annul the divorce granted to Mrs.
Ball from him was begun here to-day.
McClelland alleges that while he was
mentally unbalanced his wife secured
from him J13.000 of his money and a di
vorce from him, afterward marrying Ball.
The suit promises to be sensational.
Will Play at San Jose.
Special DUpatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA, March 15.— Some prep
arations are being made for the celebra
tion of St. Patrick's day. In the after
noon there will be a baseball game at
Cyclers' Park, San Jose, between Stan
ford and Santa Clara College. On the eve
of St. Patrick's day the students of the
college will give an entertainment in the
college hall.
Brakeman Injured.
Filial Dlrpatch to The Call.
BOSEBURG, Or., March 13.— This after
noon about 3 o'clock Freight Brakeman
Tom Brown was seriously injured by the
explosion of an airbrake cylinder on a
freight car. His arm was broken In two
places and his right shoulder and leg bad
ly bruised.
Bryan's Itinerary.
AUSTIN, Texas, March 15.— Hon. "W. J.
Bryan left to-night for his home to,attend
the Nebraska State convention. From Lin
coln Mr. Bryan will go for a month's tour
through South Dakota. Utah. Washington
Oregon. California. Arizona and New Mex
ico. He is booked for a number of
speeches In each of the States named. His
family will remain hero until his return.
FOUR REPORTS ON THE
PACIFIC CABLE BILL
Committee Divided as to the Advisa
bility of Permitting Private
Construction of the Line.
WASHINGTON. March 15.— Four dis
tinct reports on the bill for the construc
tion of a Pacific cable to Hawaii, the
Philippines and Japan were filed to-day
from membors of the House Committee
on interMPte and Foreign Commerce.
Sherman of New York submitted the-ma
jority report favorable to the bill intro
duced by him for a cable to be built under
private auspices, the Government paying
RWti.OOO annually for twenty years tor thi
transmission of Government messages
A minority report, signed by Represent
atives Adamson. Adams, Shackleford and
Davey. dissents in toto from the bill. An
other minority report signed by Repre
sent atives Corliss, Fletcher and Stewart
opposed the plan of private ownershij
and proposed a substitute embodying the
Idea of Government ownership of th«,
cable. Still another dissenting report is
from Mann of Illinois, giving his individ
ual view that a Government cable woula
prove more beneficial to the public and
the Government.
Sherman'f majority report is an ex
haustive review of the cable question It
fays that the argument for a Government
cabk« thut would be under the complete
control of the I'nited States seems of
fmall Importance to the committee except
in time rt war. and in that event the.
Government Is authorized to assume con
trol of the private cable which the com
mittee recommends.
As to the Government cable being more
economical to the I'nited States the re
port says that this loses weight from the
necessity of establishing a duplicate
cable.
MINING MEN FILE A
BIG SUIT FOR DAMAGES
Ask for $1,600,000 as Compensation
for Alleged Loss of Finan
cial Reputation. ,
BTTTTE. Mont.. March 13.-Suit for $1.
600.000 was brought to-day In the District
Court by the Montana Ore Purchasing
Company against the Boston and Mon
tana and Untie and Boston Mining Com
panies, the Vpwips.jhn*. G. \V. Hyams and
others connected with the defendant cor
porations. It grows out of the proceed
ings .n the case involving ownership to
the Jonnstown and liarus claims. Plain
tiff says it owns me claim. Three years
ago defendants brought s-uit for title and
jiialntiff was enjoined from working the
mines. The darrages now asked are for
loss while enjoins an d for financial rep
utation hurt through representations
made In the suit throe years a^o.
LAND GRANT INQUIRY.
Resolution Asking for Information
as to Railway Holdings.
WASHINGTON. March 15.—Representa
tive Wilson of Idaho to-day Introduced a
resolution requesting the Secretary of the
Interior to Inform the House as to the
numbor of acres now Included within for
est reserve* belonging to land grant rail
road companies, the amount of forest re
serve frrlp Issued therefor, the market
value of said scrip and the estimated
value of the land, in lieu of which said
scrip was issued, together with a state
ment showing whether the request for the
creation of said forest reserves came from
the peoplo residing within the States
where said reserves? are created or from
the lard grant railroad companies who
have thus been enabled to exchange land
of little value for forest reserve scrip
worth many times the value of the land
In lieu of which it was issued.
New Railroad Incorporated.
BAKERSFIELD, March 15.— Articles of
Incorporation of the Sunset Railroad Com
pany Wfre filed here to-day, with t\ JC
Heal. Sol Jewett. H. A. Blodgett. L P*
St. Clair. F. T. Whorff, all local business
men. as directors. The road Is to be built
by Eastern capital now waiting to Hike
up rufflciont bonds to construct the line
which will run from Gosford on the
faouthera Taclflc'a McKlttrlck branch to
MURDERER WILCOX SAYS
HE EXPECTS TO HANG
Body of His Wife Will Be Disinterred
. for a New Examination of the
Wounds.
Special Dispatch to The Call. *
SANTA ROSA. March 15.-George F.
Wllcoxj the felf-cbnfessed wife murderer,
now occupies a cot In his cell at the Coun
ty Jail and is either feigning illness or is
a very sick man. He seems to have given
up hope and admitted to a Call represent
ative to-day ¦ that he expected to swing
for his crime.
In his statement yesterday Wilcox said
that he shot his wife three timea, detail
ing with great care the exact spot at
which the. bullets entered her prostrate
form. 'The testimony introduced before
the Coroner's jury was that on examina
tion the body had revealed buf one gun
shot wound. "; » :.-•• .5-
This morning "Wilcox was taken from
hl3 cell and conducted to Department 2
of the Superior Court, where he was ar
raigned. His plea was set for to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock, j Wllcox's father,
who resides at Pasadena, has arrived here
and will do what he can to assist his son.
It is understood that Attorney Emmet
Seawell has been retained to appear for
the defense.
In discussing the matter to-day the old
man said: "My boy fairly worshiped his
wife and I know that he would not have
harmed a hair of her head for the world
if he had been in his right mind. He
loved. her too well for that. - The boy is
sick, and even If he escapes punishment
will not have long to live. He has been
failing very fast ever since a severe at
tack of typhoid fever which, visited htm
last wlntfr."
Sheriff Grace is in somewhat of a quan
dary what to do In the matter of the $100
reward offered for Wllcox's capture. Two
people claim the reward. One of them Is
the prisoner's stepmother, who fays she
notified the Pasadena authorities as soon
as Wilcox arrived at' his father's home.
The other Is Marshal ' Lacy of Pasadena,
who made the arrest. The sum will prob
ably be divided between the two claim
ants. "
Will Open a Reservation.
"WASHINGTON. March 13.— A proclama
tion opening to settlement the northern
portion of the Colville Indian reservation
In -Washington has been prepared, but
has not yet received the signatures of
the Secretary of the Interior and the
President. The reservation will be opened
six months after the proclamation is
signed. A large number of mining en
tries'have already been made In the res
ervation.
Struck by a Car.
LOS ANGELES, March 15.— Jacob Mill
er, a bicyclist who was run down by an
electric car on Broadway last night, will
probably die. . His skull was fractured
and he received other serious injuries.
The- physicians have trephined his skull,
but have little hope of his recovery.
Nominated by Populists.
. CONCORD, N. H., March 15.— The Pro
hibition State convention to-day nom
inated Josiah'M. Fletcher of Nashua for
Governor. The customary platform was
adopted. Including a denunciation of the
national administration's army canteen
policy. •:;'.: ;-';"¦ ; ;
A Special for School-Going Chaps
for Friday and Saturday.
Some pretty, as well as dur-
able, Ticeed Suits, in neur
spring colorings.
An extra pair of trousers ta
go jjoith it..
The suit is worth $3.50.
The trousers 75c.
You can have both suit and
trousers on Friday and Satur-
$9 Qfl
4.0 U.
1 " To fit chaps between the ages
of 7 and 15 years.
If you're inclined, to plain colors and want blue, we've got an
excellent Blue Cheviot that you can have at the same price,
including extra trousers. . • *- v ;
RAPHAEL'S; inc.,
THE FRISCO BOYS,
COR. KEARNY ST. AND UNION SQUARE AYE.
WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK EVERY EVENING EXCEPT SATURDAY.
SCHOOL-
GOING
CHAPS!
Send Him to School Monday
Togged Out in His New Spring
Clothes:::
THREATEIS THE
POLICY OF THE
"OPEN DOOR"
Attitude of the Empress
Viewed With Much
Alarm.
Warship From Manila Will Be Dis
patched to Subdue Attacks on
Missionaries by Chinese
Anti-Foreijjn League.
SHANGHAI, March 15.— The American
Association here to-day telegraphed to
the I'nited States Government that the
attitude of the Empress Dowager toward
the reformers will upset the '"open door"
policy. They also say rebellion and
anarchy are expected to the detriment of
foreign internets, and advocate prompt
concerted action on the part of the
powers.
The China Association will appeal to the
liritish Minister, Sir Claude M. Macdon
ala. on the came subject,
WASHINGTON, March 15.— The cable
gram from the American Association has
Uven received at the State Department.
It has not yet been acted upon, but is un
der serious consideration. At tirst read
ing it is not clear just what connection
exists between the attitude of the Chi
nese Empress Dowager toward the re
form element lv China and the "open
door' policy, in which the United States,
with tiie remainder of the civilized world,
is interested. It is recalled, however, that
the Empress Dowager is persecuting with
irleiulet-s hatred the reform party, going
«= o far as to resurt to the baroarous prac
tice of offering a large sum of money foi
the assassination of leading reformers.
This reJorm element in China is believed
to include nearly all of the Chinese who
are disposed to elevate China into a civ
ilized nation, following in the footsteps
of Japan. They realize that this can only
be done with the help of foreigners, and
tre theretore disposec to the "open door"
as one of the measures to liberalize and
enlighten China through the introduction
of foreign capital and foreign methods.
It Is assumed that the basis of this repre
sentation from the American Association
is an apprehension that the Conservative
party surrounding the Empress Dowager,
in eatisfying their animosity against the
rcfomers, will excite the dormant anti
foreign feeling among the masses of Chi
nese to a degree that will make the "open
door" Impossible of attainment.
Minister Fails to Report.
It is a curious fact that our Minister to
China, Mr. Conger, has so far made no
representations to the State Department
touching this subject. He has reported
to the department that serious attacks
have been made upon the American mis
sions in Shantung by the "Boxers." a
powerful and numerous anti-foreign
league of Chinese. It is this same organi
sation which has attacked some of the
French missionaries in that quarter of
China and hap even carried operations to
the very doors of Kiaochau, the German
holding in North China. Upon the Minis
ter's representation the State Depart
ment ha* decided that an American war
ship fhall be dispatched from the fleet at
Manila to the nearest convenient port to
the seat of discord, probably in this case
Taku. at the mouth of the I'eiho River, or
Wei-H.ii-Wei. It Is expected, however,
that the Chinese Government will be able
to repress the "Boxers" without any ac
tion <m the part of the American warship.
It is distinctly understood that this lit
tle naval demonstration will have no con
nection with the struggle now going on
between the Empress Dowagers party
and the reformers, for this may be regard
ed as a matter of purely internal policy,
with which our Government has no right
to concern itself. It is probable therefore
that this decision on our part indicates
the character of the response that will be
made by the Department of State to the
cablegram from the American Associa
tion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1900.
NEW WARSHIPS
PROVIDED FOR
BY COMMITTEE
¦ ? ¦ — —
House. Bill Ready Making
an Appropriation of
' $22,623,000.
Two Sea-Going Line
Three Armored Cruisers and
Three Protected Cruisers
Included in the Bill.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— The House!
Committee on Naval Affairs reached a
definite and final decision to-day as to the
number of new warships to be authorized
in the forthcoming: naval appropriation
bill, as follows:
Two sea-going coast line battleships of
about 13,500 ; tons each, to cost approxi
mately $3,C00,000 each;, three armored
cruisers of the highest practical speed and
most powerful armor and armament, to
cost approximately $4,000,000 each; three
protected cruisers, to cost about $1,141,000
each. - _ . „ j
It was determined not to provide any
gunboats, in view of the opinion expressed
by Secretary Long and Admiral Dewey !
that General Otis' recent purchases of ser
viceable boats of this character met pres
ent gunboat requirements.
The committee decided to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to contract tor
armor at a price not to exceed $315 per
ton. This applies tQ the emergency armor,
about 7400 tons, required for the battle
ships Maine, Missouri and Ohio, now k
course of construction, and not to the ves
sels authorized but not begun nor to those
contemplated by the present bill.
The question of sheathing ships, which
has excited much interest in naval circles
of late, was determined by adopting a
provision leaving the question of sheath
ing to .the discretion of the Secretary of
the Navy. Prior to the action on the bill
rsaval Constructor Capps, who served
with Admiral Dewey in the Phllipplres,
was heard on the sheathing question. He
urged In particular that vessels to be u?ed
in foreign service should be sheathed, as
foreign drydocks were not always avail
able. ;
'The committee did not provide specifical
ly for the building of any of the new ships
in Government yards, as has been urged
by delegations from Brooklyn and else
where, so that it is expected that the
usual provisions as to building will be In
serted in the bill, with possibly some dis
cretionary power with the Navy Depart
ment as to utilizing Government yards for
this purpose. ' . .
The decisions of to-day practically com
plete the bill, although there is still a
week's work in' preparing the formal lan
guage executing the determination of the
committee as expressed to-day.
COMPA3NIE GENERALS TBAKSATLASTIQCE.
?i| R |« CT LINE tO » AV RE-PARIS.
!«!.,£ " V r y TJ^rxlay instead of <20§J>
Saturday, from NoTember 2. 1«» at
ii» a. m.. from Pier 41. North River foot a*
I- T?Art^.^sS h 29; BRETAGXE, April
Ha.™ * Q *m TA L NE - A P rtl "• First-claas ta
«n ™,ni , t nd vu P ward : 5 P«r cent reduction
n?,.^? . !? D - . Secon <* class to Havre. H3; 3
SSrwrW^n 0 " round trlr> - GENERAL,
A n? SI E OR UN ITET> STATES AND CAN-
York' ? ? ro i d ,?? y <Hudiwn bulMln*). New
AeenV, < xf " f UGAZI * CO.. Paciflc Coast
Agenta. 5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAWySHiirYALLEJIOr
¦?~~ Steamer "MontlceUo."
»£ •; £ ve "-' W « d - Thurs. and Sat. st »:tf
?¦«„?" "'i • B:3 * p - m - ( ' x - Thurs. nlsht); Frl-
day«. l p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
&.7\r Ul ? dl 2?. and offlce - Mission-street Dock.
rfo£°- *• Tel «»hone Main IJCS.
JAKE „; ; g^j
DAI A i^C Locate(S on Market
«¦¦*«»'*•' proximity to busl-
All if of amusement and
r»-w\ i *Tl\ ****>**' vo ° rooms.
IIK A N II *°° wlth baths at-
liilillll/ tached. The largest
and finest hotels !n
HfITEI C the world - Amerl-
II If 1 CLj 01111 and European
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
CTEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF COT*
W. H. AVERT. On^! Asent .
BAJA pALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GRKAT RK3TORATIVE. INVIOORA-
tor and Nervine.
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and SpecUJ
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both aeses.
Th» Mexican Remedy for Diaeasea of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sails on lta oirn merits.
-NABER, ALFB * BRUNE. Ajcenta.
523 Market street. 8. F. — (Send for Circular).
4ner out from the moment the latter drop
ped to his knees Instead of directing all
his efforts to keeping me at a safe distance
from my oupnnent. This happened In th*
first round, ana Steizner profited by it as
the g.ov.K saved him; and when it was' re
peated in the second round I shov.-ed my
disapproval of such tactics by insisting on
striking Stelrner as he was about to rise
from his knees. As this occurred after the
sound of the bell, which I did not hear
I was Justly disqualified by the referee
I bet, approximately, my entire end of the
| p-jrse on myself to win in the first flTe
j rounds of the contest, and any fair-minded
I onlooker could readily see that that was
my aim from the moment hostilities com
menced. I am thoroughly satisfied with the
action of the referee, both in declaring bets
oft and In the eentlemanly way In which
he fulfilled his duty to the best of his abil
ity. I certainly object to the methods em
ployed by the manag-crs of the National
Athletic Club in handling their boxing con
tests These. Ido not hesitate to state, are
like those used in highway robbery They
were not satisfied with the proceeds of their
• tricky way of handling the irate receipts
which are the property of the contestants
according to the articles of agreement, but
they jrrasD at the filmsical pretext to de
| clare the event no contest and appropriate
the entire rate receipts, reeardiess of all
contracts and obligations to the contrary
Messrs Gibbs and Grcom will find before
I am through with them what their obliga
tions are and will no doubt profit by this
. experience. JOSEPH BUTLER.
J. D. Gibbs, as manager of the National
I Club, contributed this statement:
The statement that the Xational Club
management played the Rate receipts or
played any sum whatsoever on the recult
of list nicht's contest is absolutely false
! and unfounded. The National club would
| not countenance faking and has tried time
> and aealn to Prevent It. When It was ln
i formed that the bettinc switched In such
a. way ag to make it manifest that a fake
had l-een arranied it Instructed Referee
Jack Welch to declare all bets off. and he
carried out such Instruction. The author
of the statement must have been actuated
by ma.ice. otherwise he would not make
a statement which he knows Is false. If
j the r*-rson lives who can prove the chanre
made acainst the mynngernent of the -Na
tional Club let him step forward.
Th'? statement ttat poolsellers Intimidated
the club Into calllnc bets off is as false as
the rtatement that (fate receipts were played
on the results. We were influenced by a
sense of rlrht and Justice tr> our patrons.
I whom we have catered to for years, and
whom we learn through the press have at
. different times been Imncsed upon by un
scrupulous flchr*rs. The supposed fake on
this occasion was «o caloable that we knew
we would be dclnff an Injustice to nobody
and at the r2me tim» we would be nro
tectlnir the b«ttlns public by having* all
bets declared o.f. After bets had been
declared off the club directors felt assured
that the men would then put up an honest
contest, but much to our astonishment the
fake was carried out. Hutler. In the ex
citement, deliberately fouUM his opponent.
thereby carrying out his infamous contract
with un?cruT'ilous touts. Under the?e clr-
I cumstances 'he directors decided not to pay
them a dollar for th»lr Jobbery, and we
think it will be a lasting; lesson to men of
Butler's stamp.
The representative of Butler makes the
unqualified statement that he was ap
prnached by J. J. Groom of the National
Club and asked to use his influence with
Butler to have the bout last eight rounds
Whether this was part of the scheme to
rob the betting public he does not *say
Mr. Groom denies making this request, so
the Incident resolves itself into a ques
tion of veracity. It develops that Charles
Newman held th«> gate receipts, which dl«
firove3 the story that this money was bet
n the poolrooms.
TRYING TO FIND
WHERE WHITTELL
REALLY BESIDES
Residence of the Clubman a
Moot Point Before the
Federal Court.
"Is George Whlttell a resident of San
Francisco or of New York?" is the prob
lem which United States Circuit Judge
Morrow will endeavor to solve wlthm the
next few weeks. He has just finished the
taking of testimony and the reading of
depositions bearing upon that important
Issue. The matter in issue is whether
the Federal court has jurisdiction in the
case of Ellen A. Fife and George S FlrV
her husband, against George Whlttell the
well-known society and club man The
suit was brought some time ago in the
Superior Court, but upon a showing made
by Mr. Whitteil to the effect that he had
shaken the dust of San Francisco off bis
feet the case was removed to the L'nittd
States Circuit Court. Now the plaint*if
come in with the contention that Whitteil
has never abandoned his residence in this
city and that therefore the Federal courts
have no jurisdiction.
The case involves the disposition of the
estate left by the late Nicholas Lumn*
who died on August 11. ISM. leaving an es
tate valued at $7,245,000. and Whlttell and
Marlon B. Langhorne were appointed ex
ecutors.
Mrs. Fife, a daughter of the deceased
and sister of Mrs. Whlttell. alleges tint
the value of her portion of the estate was
$1.200.0j0 In money, stocks and bonds pn-1
$200,000 In real estate, and avers that Whit
tell induced her to transfer all her right
title and Interest to a corporation formed'
by the heirs and called the ,Luning Com
pany. She avers that she was afterward
lnformf-d by Whittell that the value of
her Interest In the company had shrunk to
$700,000. She accordingly asks for a judg
ment for $750.362 as damages.
Mr. Whlttell introduced witnesses before
Judge Morrow to prove that he was a
recognized club man In New York City
and a resident of that place. Dr. W. X
Hopkins told of declaration." made by Mr!
Whittell of his intention to remove to New
York and to become a permanent resident.
Mr. Whittell on cross-examination ad
mitted that he went to New York 'n the
first Instance to avoid service In on» of
the Luning suits, but that he at that time
also intended to make that metropolis his
permanent residence.
Joseph D. Grant told about a conversa
tion that he had had with Whittell i* io
the superior advantages oftereVi by ths
Eastern metropolis for a business mun
with great energy and capital.
Mrs. Fife testified that the Whlttell resi
dence, on the southwest corner of Califor
nia and Jones streets, was still kep» up
with the necessary retinue of servants
which was evidence to her that Mr. Whit
tell had not abandoned his San Francisco
residence.
GALLINGER
AND PENROSE
PASS THE LIE
Sensational End of a De
bate on the Floor of
. the Senate.
Trouble Arose Over a Discussion on
the Fixing of a Time. to Vote
on the Quay Question in
the Upper House.
»
WASHINGTON, March 15.— "1 assert
most emphatically- that when the Senator
says I told him I should not speak on
w.is subject, he does not state the truth."
This was the sensational retort made
in the Senate to-day by Galllncrer (R.) of
New Hampshire to a statement just made
by Penrose of Pennsylvania. Senators
were astounded and the auditors In the
galleries quivered with excitement. There
had scarcely been the slightest intimation
that the debate would take such a turn.
For nearly three hours the Senate had
under discussion the bill appropriating
J2.095.000 fcr the benefit of the people of
Porto Rico. Fairbanks of Indiana had
just concluded some remarks on the meas
ure and suggested tßat the Senate pro
ceed to the consideration of executive
ousiness. Pending a motion to that ef
fect. Penrose. who has charge of the case
cf former Senator Quay, suggested that
a time be fixed for a vote on tne case. In
the course of his remarks he Intimated !
that certain Senators were throwing ob
stacles in the way of a vote and Indicated
that Galllnger was one of these Senators.
quietly replied that he desired
to be heard on the question, but had not
had an opportunity to speak.
To his statement Penrose retorted that
the New Hampshire Senator had assured
him he did not expect to speak on the
Quay case.
Instantly Gatlinger was on his feet, and
with evident feeling and with great ve
hemence, replied as quoted in the fore
going.
"I don't know whether I don't speak
the truth." hotly replied Penrose. "or
whether the Senator from New Hamp
shire failed to tell me the truth."
The proposition to tix-a time for a vote
was postponed untU to-morrow, but it was
some time before the excitement subsided.
The debate- on the armropriatlon bUI de
veloped a decided difference of opinion, as
Jones (D.) of Arkansas offered as a sub
stitute for the measure a bill to return
the duties to those who had paid them
and providing for absolute free trade be
tween the United States and Porto Rico.
'me bill had not been disposed cf when
t_e Quay case was called up.
The District of Columbia appropriation
bill carrying Se.COS.SSS was passed by the
nouse to-day and also a b'll granting the ]
abandoned Fort Hayes military reserva- i
tlon to the State of Kansas for an ex
perimental station and normal school pur
poses. I
NEW HAVEN GIRL
ENDS LONG SLEEP
Strange Seven Weeks' Trance Into Which a
Young Woman Fell After an
Extended Waltz.
NEW HAVEN. March 13.— After lying nearly seven weeks In a trance, caused
by excessive indulgence in dancing, Miss Pauline Fitzgerald has awakened and
askM for food. .
"I have had such a nice dream." she said. "I thought I was waltzing for
hours ar.l hours. I never seemed to tire. But now that I awake I feel tired and
hungry."'
Dance music was recently tried with partial success to awaken Miss Fitzger
ald. The experiment was tried at the sugeestion of the Springside Home, whither
the yo-jr.g woman r.-as conveyed from the home of Mrs. Fred Grant.
When tH<? familiar strain? of a waltz fell upon her ear the girl made spas
modic movements and her lips moved in efforts to articulate. But she soon re
lar.-^d ir.tn «tupor.
Mi« Fitzgerald's ca^e has attracted the attention of several physicians, who
were present when her cot was moved into the parlor of the Springside Home,
while an attendant experimented with dance music at the piano.
The authorities at the Springsjde Home repeatedly tried, hyponotism, but all
efforts of this kind produced no result.
When Miss Fitzgerald finally awoke she was so weak that her physicians
would allow her to talk but little. To a correspondent she said:
"I can't realize that I have been asleep over six weeks. It seems only like a
lor.g night. I have no recollection of my dreams except that I seemed to be al
ways whirling to the sound of music.
'If you would firmly impress a thing: on
a man's memory tell it to his wife.
Ci vil Service Examinations.
- The municipal ' civil - service .' announces
that a special examination for the posi-
. Wedding invitations, visiting cards.
Koh-i-noor pencils and Waterman foun-
tain pens are our great specialties in sta-
tionery department. . Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
;U Market st. •
Whitney Family Troubles.
The case of Charles C. L. Whitney,
charged with threatening to kill his wife
because she preferred to live with her
sister, Mrs. Ed Anderson, Hyde street
was continued before Judge Mogan yes
terday. Mrs. Anderson* was called and
proved a voluble witness and took pains
to show her hatred of -her brother-in
law. She called him a sneak, liar, cow
ard, villain. Jurias. trickster, monster and
other names. Whitney will tell his side of
the story this morning.
»M"H-!-K-^w-W":"i"i":"i"!"H--:"i-! : i:m : : : 1 1 1 : >^^h=v^H":-i; :i-i-i-h ; ;- ¦i-M-r-i-r-H-M-K-i'Miiiii-K-i
i lv« Dr. Sanden s Electric Belt,
% J - $FZ*fw 1900 MODEL, BBOAD CELL.
-• .^f^^^^^L Affords to suffering men and women the only rational horns self-treat- !
•j- ment. . (Special attachments for ladies.) ;
? Thousands cf testimonials have been received by me from those !
j '^^f^^^^^^^^^M who have experienced relief by its use. It wili pay you to read these : ;
2 -Another Grateful Patient. Severe Kidney Trouble Cured. [\
T WEST BERKELEY. Cal.. Mar. 13. 1900. 'izT3 nOCKL.\Nt> ST.. ( ,
T DR. T. A. SANDEN— Dear Sir: It Is with pleasure that LOS AXOELES. Cal.. Mar. 8. 1300. \ ,
T I am able to give this, testifying •to the efficiency cf your , DR. T. A. SANDEN- Dear Sir: Th* Belt I purchased from f
T , Belts— I had suffered . from a kidney trouble for a. long time. you six weeks a?o worked wonders In my case. If I could not J
• • and ; after uslnjr one of your appliances for thirty days. I am Ret another, money-would net bay It from me. I consUSer your I
•• harpy to say that I feel as a new man. and I prlve you this ' Belt to 'Io more than you claim for It. as It cured m« of kid- )
•• ¦ testimonial to u»e. If It will help any of my fellow betnirs. ney trouble of Ion? standlnc. I will cheerfully recommend \
• . ' They are privileged to write to me at any time. Tours truly, your Belt to my friends. Wishing you success in your «ood / •
.. CHARLES DOURNEAU. work, I am. yours truly. - J. H. BUCK. \ <
** ¦If you are /run down" or lack snap and vigor to perform the functions of every day life: If yon have rheumatism, weak back. ',
"¦¦' kidney, liver or bladder trouble; If you have abused In any way the natural advantages given you by nature. DR. SAXPE.VS EL.EC-
"* TRIC BELT will build you up and put you on your feet again with grp.iter certainty and safety than anything els*. My fre« book
• ' v: "THREE CLASSES OF MEN" contains : much useful ¦ Information you ought to have. It Is yours for the a;k!ng. Or I! yon wish mcd- '
** ¦¦- leal advice, call and consult m«. It will cost you nothing. - : " Office hours, 9 to *: Sundays. 10 to 1. ••'>--
:: IID T A QKMriEM B OTARRELL STREET, NEVER SOLDI iL DRU P STORES - i
X IK I U ¦\Uniliril ft»»n Francisco. Cal. 119 1-2 South Spring Street. •
» Illli I I ¦•¦ WflllWtil«| RT/3SEI. BOILDIJI9. /OETLAKD, OS. LOS ANGtiLES. Cal.
ti*i i t - T.T T T T T T r T T T * ' 7 T T • : • T T T T 7T T-i T • TT T T • T T * T T 7 T T f T T • T f T T TH- T T ¦T"H"!"H'TT T T H T T f 1 f Ti
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS.
Qualifying Round of Council's Cup
for Women Will Be Played
To-Day.
A competition- over eighteen holes,
medal play, was held yesterday among
eight caddies of the San Francisco Golf
Club, who had previously qualified by
making the lowest scores over nine holes,
medal play. The prizes offered were sets
of golf clubs, but the contest turned out
unsatisfactory from the lack of scorers to
keep tab on the boys. No award was
made of the prizes, but a competition will
probably be held at some later day.
To-day the qualifying round, over eight
een holes, medal play, of the competition
for the Council's cup, for women, will be
held on the Pres'dto links. All score
cards must be signed by a scorer and
handed In at the clubhouse before sunset
The eight ladies who make the lowest
scores will be entitled to enter the first
round for the cup. which will be played
on Monday, March 13. The semi-finals
will be played Wednesday, the 21st. and
the finals Friday, the 23d.
Trance Shot.
: PETALUMA. March 13.— Imported
Trance, a celebrated mare, was shot at
the Reinhart stock farm. Glen Ellen, yes
terday after breaking a leg.
"This, ladles and gentlemen. Is the cele-
brated trick donkey. Dot." said the clown,
as the animal was being led into the ring.
"After many years of most patient effort
I am able to say that I can make him do
anything he wants to."
FANNING'S NEW RECORD.
Calif ornian Makes 175 Straight Kills
at the Traps.
NEAV YORK. March 15.— Jack Fanning,
the crack wing shot of California, created
a newcontinuous match record at the traps
on Madison Square Garden roof to-day,
breaking 175 inanimate targets straight.
This record was accomplished without a
rest.
Although Farming's record .of 173
straight kills has been surpassed, it has
never been accomplished before in a con
tinuous match. The best record of straight
kills is 213. but the record was made" in
different events, that Is. the shooter made
straight kills in several different events,
resting between each event.
Farming's record is exceptionally brilliant
In view of the fact. that It was accom
plished in -the face of a blinding smw
storm. His miss, the one hundred ani
seventy-sixth straight, was comparatively
easy, but was lost through carelessness.
Another phenomenal record was nuns up'
on the rifle range by L. F. Ross of the
Elite Rifle' Club of Brooklyn. Rosa estab
lished a new record of 2429 out of a possi
ble 2500 points. He held the best previous
record of 2425, made at Madison Square
Garden last year.
BRODE WINS OUT.
Derby Candidate's First Appearance
at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. March 15.— F. W.
Brode. the Schorr derby candidate, made
his first public appearance on the local
track to-day, and though hustled a bit
in the stretch disposed of his Meld easily.
The public would have Prince of Veronla
and force of money made him a favorite,
but he cut little risur*- in the race and
was driven to his limit to beat the 30 to 1
shot. Hen Chance, for the place. The race
will do Erode good. Burns received an
ovation from his admirers. All of the fa
vorites were beaten. The weather was
rainy and the track heavy. Results:
Seven furloncs, F. TV. Brode won. Pnnce of
Veronia second. Ben Chance third. Time. 1:33.
Four furlongs, celllnir. Blink won. Frances
Rels second, Dlonysla third. Time. -.oOH- ¦
Mile and an eighth, selling. Judge Steadman
won. George B. Cox second. Can I See 'Em
third. Time. 2:01.
Sev»n furlongs, handicap. Aratoma won.
Acushla second. Tom Collins third. Time, l:31«-i.
Six furlongs, selling:. Scrivener won, John
Boone secend. Kilt third. Time. 1:19'~J.
Mile, selllnr. Prince Real won. Tildee second
Sorrel Rose third. Time. IMS'.;.
FAKERS POINT
AT ONE MOTHER
AFTER THE BOOT
Boxers and Club Managers
Try to Avoid Sharing
Responsibility.
¦
Pugilist Butler's Manager Affirm* He
Was Approached to Have the
Affair Last Eight or Ten
Bounds.
The bout between Boxers Butler and
Etc-Izner has given, the sport on this coast
a blew from which it will not recover for
a long time. The sharpers who manipu
late men in the ring as marionettes are
handled In a Punch and Judy show, are
ready to fleece friend and stranger alike.
The unconscionable rogues think only of
the dollar in sight and care nothing for
the methods they employ in gaining their
<nds. The principals in Wednesday night's
$:asco were pointing at one another yes
tr-rday and trying their utmost to shift
the responsibility for the outcome. Mr.
Butler took up his pen and addressed the
eporting editor of The Call as follows;
As one of th« princlf-al* in the boxing;
cor.i*« which took place Wednesday night at
Woodward's Pa%illon. I deem it my duty
to anrmer tbe many accusation* which the
entire press of- thts city has heaped ui>on
both parties of the came. The contest be
t»e«T. JacK Ftelxner and myself has been
unanimously branded a ••fake" because it
' nly lasted two rounds, and the public was
••.-r-eby cheated of a Inr./? evening s enter
tainment commonly termed "their money s
worth." The manaseri of the ?»ational
Athletic Club anticipated such a result
from rcy apparent superiority over Jack
Btelxner and early in the «lay approached
ray trier.d* with the su«eMion that we
• fho_M endeavor to bold oat the contest
nine or ten roun<3s. at least, in order_ to
¦Bttefy the public's thirst for gore. ih's
fujftion was promptly rsiused. ana Mr.
Gr<x.rr. was Informed that I woujd dispose
of my opponent in the quickest and most
effectiv» way possible. , ,
X hs^ signed to box under the Manjuis of
Queen***rry rule*, and it was owln* to the
utter dif-rerard of this most 'mportant fact
that tfc»> contest ended as it did. In the
first plac\ it ha* been the custom in all
c-ontetts r.hich have taken plare on this
coast, to tr-ak away clean in the clinches,
this being apreed upon as an exception to
the rules urdcr wht< h the contests take
place. Such bMnir the case, the public in
this city look -jpon all boiers who adhere
strictly to the ll<-rquis of (jueensbeYry rules
and hit w-.th one or two arms free. In the
clinches, until ordered to br»ak ijy th? re'
eree. as foul fljrhters. They do not hesttate
to raise a «ry to that effect. It Is owing
to such lrnorance and to the lack of cour
age on the part of my opoonrnt that last
\Ve/Jnej"iay cichf« affair ended so unsatis
factorily.
The referee unconsciously added ¦ to the
Alfieultjr by cot commencing to count Eteiz-
McGOVERN WINS AGAIN.
Knocks Out Eddie Lenny in Six Past
Rounds.
PHILADELPHIA, March 15.— A large
crowd saw Terry McGovern, champion
feather-weight of the world, defeat Eddie
Lenny of Philadelphia at the Industrial
Athletic Club to-night In the second round
of what was to have been a six-round
contest. Lenny was completely out
classed, and in the final round was
knocked down three times in the one min
ute and forty-five, seconds consumed.
Lenny's finish, In the opinion of the fight-
Ing men present', nad the appearance ol
his having quit.
The first knock-down was the only hard
punch of this round, beln? a swinging
right on the local man's jaw. He took the
full ten seconds, and then McGovern
rushed at him with his usual speed and
with a couple -of light body blows sent
him to the floor again. The . local man
again took the full time in coming up.
when after a couple of passes Terry land
ed a light tody blow on Lenny, following
it up with a right on the jaw. Lenny was
then counted out. ,"
The saml-wlnd-up was between Tommy
Feltz of Brooklyn and Jack Landing of
Camden at ICS pounds. It was a spirited
struggle from the start to the end of the
fifth round, when the Brooklyn man
forced Lansing to the edge of the ring
and with a light punch sent Lansing
through the ropes and he fell to the floor.
The fall Jarred Lansing considerably and
he said he was tco weak to continue.
Feltz had clearly the better of the go. his
body blows especially being effective.
. SA>D CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Daily. G3 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
SISTERHOOD OF
EMANU-EL DOES
SPLENDID WORK
Noble Hebrew Women Tell
of Charitable Acts and
Sacrifices.
"We regret that the fulfillment of one
of our cherished desires is still as far
from our reach as it was some years nsro.
Until we have a united Hebrew charities
in our midst philanthropic work cannot
be satisfactorily accomplished, and wo
sincerely deplore the fact that the heads
of our oldest institutions have not taken
a favorable attitude toward this union o"
charities."
The foregoing Is an excerpt from a very
interesting report read by Mrs. P. N.
Lilienthal at the annual meeting of the
Kmanu-El Sisterhood yesterday. It waj
listened to by nearly ¦ a hundred members
of the philanthropic organization and ap
nroved by them. Other reports of tha
splendid Work done by the society wera
read by the chairmen of their respective
branches. Mrs. M. Esberg of the clothing
bureau told of the number of men and
boys who were helped to securing em
ployment by being fitted out with proper
annarel- Mrs. J. Baum, chairman of the
employment bureau, had the pleasure to
report that through the effort!, of th« bu
i-fJiii elehtv-four persons had been estab
lished n good positions; Mrs. J. R. David
lon tod of the good" work being don> in
ihe sewing class, of which herself and
other members had supervision.
Mr* R J. Rotchlld-s report on the
mothers' club was not read owing to the
chairman being in New York. Mrs. Ev«
Colernan presented an Interesting report
about the doing of the Columbia Park
Boy"' Club, which has now 164 members,
a fine building, gymnasium, shower oaths
nnH nther necessary appurtenances, and is
under the supervision of Sydney Peixottn.
Mrs Ro4lfe Kaufman described the work
of the Friendly Club, another branch of
?he sfsterhood. and Mrs. I W. Hellir.an
submitted a report on the doings of the
k AU e t r he r repo 8 ft S were adopted and will be
some sound advice on their treatment of
th^TOOPI" -who attend the various sec
tions and felicitated them on the worthy
work' done during the past twelve months.
Thl sneaker's sentiments struck a respon-
Tivo Jhord in the hearts of his auditors,
and they applauded him enthusiastically.
Mrs Louis Gerstle. treasurer of the or
ganilation. submitted the- following re
; port:
To ca«h coUecied for due, and donations
during fiscal year endln* February Zi, _
1900 AJW * 3
Tota , 1... $4,032 43
Dy disbursements for renting, sanitary
vouchers, etc.. as per monthly elate- _
menu rendered... •••-• 4 - m a
¦ Cash on hand March 1. 1300 J37S 72
The foregoing amount will be greatly
augmented the latter part of the present
month as the annual collections will be
Sade It is expected that over $3000 will
be ha'rided over to. the treasurer. lor cur
rent expenses. The amateur benefit per
formance given at the Columbia Theacer
inonthago netted $5000. and the building
¦ !u°d has reached $9000. Mrs. UUfentlal
stated In open meeting that within to°
present year the sisterhood would havn a
fine building, which would materially a;<l
It In Its work. The varied branches of
the society are "now scattered In thrco
buildings and it Is the intention to -ring
them together under one roof.
Owing to an important engagement Rab
bi Voorsanger was. not present to deliver
h s annual address. On Saturday morning
he will devote his sermon to the doings of
the Emanu-El Sisterhood. If Is expectrt
that every member of the society will be
nre«ent as he will give an interesting talk
on the subject. • Following are the officers
of the Emanu-El Sisterhood:
Honorary president. Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger:
tir-«ld»nt Mre. P. N. Ullenthal; vice oresi-
STit,."M»; I. N. Lowenthal. Mr,. M. Esb^nc
and Mrs Jacob Voorsaneer: treasurer.. Mrs.
Lewis Ge'rstle- recording secretary. Mrs. J. M.
no»child- corresponding secretary. Miss Victoria
rtlienthaV council of administration— Mrs. A.
A Adler Mrs. Clara Baum. Mrs. J. R. David
son Mrs* I. W. Hellman. Mrs. l>on Sloss. Mrs.
J F Neustadter, Mr». A. M. Davis, Mrs." B.
Dreyfus. Mr*. ' A. Brown. t Mrs. U. P. Well.
Mrs S S Kahn. Mrs. J. J. Jacobl. Mrs. Wil
liam* Haps. Mrs. ¦ CharK-s , Coleman. . Mrs; L.
Klkus. ,Mrs. H. Waneenheim . and Mrs.- H.
Kaufman.- ¦ ¦•'- - - - • |
DAMROSCH WILL
CONDUCT HERE
NEXT TUESDAY
Mme. Gadski and Mr. Bisp
ham to Sing Wiih Or
chestra Led by Him.
The promise of a musical event of quite
extraordinary' importance was Informally
announced last night. Mr. Graft, the
manager for Gadskl, Blspham and Dam
rosch, has arranged In conjunction with
Mr. Frledlander of the California Thea
ter to give In compliance with the impera
tive request of our music patrons an
orchestral concert at the Grand Opera
house on Tuesday afternoon next.
Mr. Damrosch will conduct the Holmes
symphony orchestra and Mme. Gadskl
and Mr. Bispham will contribute vocal
Interpretations from Wagner's most im
portant operas.
The announcement Is looked upon as .one
of prime Importance to local musicians aa
an opportunity to hear the best art under
the most happy conditions.
Thi3 Is the first tipae that the present
combination it talent has departed from
the type of entertainment it has recently
offered us with such success, and despite
the general approval that has been
vouchsafed to the recital? with piano of
the past two weeks It ia acknowledged
that the accompaniment cf a full orches
tra under the leadership of Mr. I>amrosch
will lend a new and larger interest to the
event.
tion of sewer cleaner will be held In Its
offices at the City Hall on March 30 next
at S p. m. Applicants will be examined as
to their physical qualifications and gen
eral knowledge of sewers. ' Applications
must be filed not later than 5 p. m., March
24. Examinations for stenographer and
typewriter will take place on April 2 at
8 p. m.. but the place and style of examin
ation have not as yet been determined
upon.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
: rcg EMPromTM. | THE EMPORIUM. I ,^? E _ E^ POBITrBL _ I THE IarPOBIXTM.
J HAZZARfD, the Ventriloquist— Exhibition Hall Daily — io a. m. U 5 p. m.
I High Grade #ggjgSy 11§| EMPp^B|j^| $%%% Three Under-
i White Piques wecPjdo "o©ui«n.*iiie«A»*Ai-.™ tS!s' week us us Hn S&e~
£ -Mil POf SaCk. ' CAUFO.NU-5 .^EST-AMEWCA-5 ORANDOT STO«. /o COatl. "„ 11 %L
I 12 2 g. — ¦•-¦ — _ csais To-Bay.
$1 On the bargain table in center aisle this __. m tffe -»*¦ #««#/«»«* SVtm. /JZWk
| =^K»S Dress Goods \ Sale. sSg-£a A
j£- several styles, all new and desirable. _, ? jr.-. •, -i-- i - xt.— i : 'lr : ~i £.'• ¦v -n n vnV. ««* -?t.J,i «§»• 3
5 ranging in value from 15c to 25c per Friday and Saturday positively the last days upon which we will sell JJ cr aH °f tenal3 ' C^v
£ yard, on special sale for this fO* g% this : season' 3 Plaid Dress Goods and Golf Suitings at 20 per cent regularly ?3.06 x^^%^- V^\
JC da . yonl 7 at •¦••••"•¦•• *™2w less than regular prices. This offer include? the choice of our entire each, special to- //^t^^^i **v\
ft Note the Limited Quantity. assortment of Spring and Summer 1900 Plaid Drass Fabrics, Go'f and Reversible Suiting* day only at / *%&-.%'£&</
J£ i&ggL* BSirmmmmm over 50c a yard. 75c Plaida 6Oc; $1.00 Plaiis BQc; $1.25 $t.50 j MJ\ M^ | # | \3 l
£ £i%3%* Ba&rry pj a :d3 $1.OQ; $I.7sPlaids $1.4 J, etc., etc (SXtTS Ladies' A^l ?1 Uj\
tf ** »„-*» „-* *UMU M «•» HES ' First Section Left of Entrance. . C^^^Y** CamhrlO \\ Is'i I
* ÜBSfaes 15c v^O& ***•* l\
6 * ?. #ftff_4A.r.~._ BJ!-*>EM n-^r^^ 7^^r>VK\ Chemise, with /7|ft |j , I
1 in^ ' fjMOUiTBSSdgS B^aSt rnGe* /ws>;.\ trimmed embroidery Mt\\ i \
of CleverL * a? Friday and Saturday positively the last^ days of the .J\ V • -' Jl-25 each, special ' [\&
*' p rJlt ° r fale of Brown Bro3. & Co.'s retail stock of Fine All-Wool / \ I* '' this day only.. 75c
£ Mti&siiZ tvT 7 • Clothing for .Men and Boy;. Men's $13 Suits for $6.5'J; 515/ /; • \ Children's Combination
% V-.N^||s<g|M •$&s?s? uisnes, m Suitg fcf $ 7m5 Q. -22.50 Suits for $f].25; Men's J12.50 \y-\ _ r— i* Corset Waists and Hose Sap-
s - J "6*aj£Msi3»^ crysta or Overcoats for « 6*25: ¦ Yousg Men's $10 Overcoats $S*OU; \ \"xR I-//, porter, regularly 50c each, on special sal©
£ green glas,, that retail regularly at 2?c foy 5 2 5 Reefer Suits $2.75 2-Piece Suits *"/.4O; Boys' f^T\l\ \ for this day only. -... 190
£ each, are offered as a <mt*W\ li^lJl^ $ 10 3 - p » ec e Suits $5.0Q, etc , etc. if* I Muslin Wear Department-
» eacn, are orterea as a special inducement wi,-p-ti- I JL'- '/ Second Floor— Near Elevator. .
sto visit our Crockery Department- to-day Maln Floor ' Near Entrance - . I
5 at the absurdly low price 0f... 4 BS*% ' —
I %i£?s£2££°&« F,fr New SOo Rib- Best Castile Ladies 9 Fine
| G&irpeis and B3®h® 24c Yard* Soap 2Oc Bar. Shoes $1.53.
9i ¦»?!: Jr^f^M^- ¦¦:'. A srrcial lot of Satin Stripe Mousselne , Jost 1200 bars of the "Virgin" brand of T . „„„ n , . v . . .
S IT ££E*ffs£&BSrea Faric - T R bbons - one of thfs season's choicest Imported Castile Soap, ben male. larg» bar?. ,-•],' t. f , „ -, T7T^7
2 m/- • , a • - noveltiw. pickeiuphy our >uyer du-ing his on special sale to-day only at the *%*%** pd Lace Shoes, they have cloth U^^
g These special offerings are for raceßt visit to New York. A\ inches wide, in extrESnirilr low price," per bar 2UC ?P 3'3 ' ffew. ew coI f n r '<** "W g
g Frida7 and Sltnrdav only. an exquisite line of colorings for millinery Bargain Friday Only. - tip^all s«» from 3J to .. and fy g
I Sar^tousrg? %£ii^° 2 #® Liquor Specials zt^&tZ Wm
~, „<..„""."*;"¦ l"\""»n- n t* 3 ** BarKain Counter— Center Alelp. t.,-7 n n ia#i.- «- v> P 3^ (Si-HF^
36x48 inches, regularly $2.50 each. . Wilson Pure R/e Whisky— For g** B*% r^^K
\ for SimßO '£2*rtKnmw*s*H*o*. medicinal use, one of the best whiskies made, m^P-mf A' '{J*
X Best grade of 10-Wire Carpets ot IT*ZJWIB&!r esniliil regularly $1.25 per bottle, on spe- QQ^ Fi-^Tsection j£\*^
S yarl 75c z-p , • » "SGhini cial sa'e for this day only &&%M Ri e ht of Entrance. «65**^
J Axminstar Carpet?, all new f'tern'. IBPirM3tWB 2 SriLm. White Wine — A wholesome, nice
*>* yard $ImCO »-~ taatin? dinner wine, on special
| g^pfg^P^S SSKTiSiJSS ¦MM 't £ " ' tisd ' ? °°" %per|a " o°37c0 ° 37c Lace Curtains
j£ Parlor Reception Chairs, maho^nv Powder (tha!; cleanses the pljjj j &— m . —M m *90% •* ¦
g finished, upho-stered seats, resubr'y ?3 tetth without hur:ing tha 3 It lite iffi&MiaffJ 73 G r^3llt*M
}£ special for the two days $3,95 enamel and comes in the P^^Sl} «—, * m * .«
%i H-^ll Hntrack. so'id coMen oak. with following fl ivors - winter- """V s V Gr*ff%S*'t¥*SMiW.S& mGG We have several odd lot 3 of N'otting-
*f 12x12 inch French phte m : rror, rPsH'"- v green,' rose, listerated, /t^^*' II . •««•«» ham Lace Cnrtaip, both white and ecra,
J^ ?S- 50. special for two diy* $6.75 cimphoratei and phen- T g. Handsome water color fac-similei depict- there are 140 pairs in all. 333 3 yards long
jf Couch, fu'l c'ipper spring, upho'stered -^ted' and on? good quality iQOth I,'/ ng in a realistic manner the red man and and ranging in width from 45 to 56 inches;
St in fancy velours, rfgtiJar'y $12. sneci.i' Imported Tooth Bru-»h. lh3 ftu.V_ !'/ roman of to-day. These pictures are 13x16 these curtains are worth from 92c to $1.50
h ¦•- •¦• $d-25 combinat on — bmsh aid c °"<kT I n^hes in 3ize and are artistrcally mounted in per pair, to close then out we place
# EnamelM Bed?, rink or bla». full size, powder- special •ff&m '*?'.'.'*" -inch red or green mats; the spe- I££f% them on special sale for this y^-,
H % regularly HT.o^, on special sa'e f^r tw> this day on'y ... S%Sf%M 'o££l v \l iai price for this day only, each.. *WO day only at - # *9%0
§> days $13*75 New Toilet Article Stand— C^~~^- >J On Friday Only. Earsrain Friday Only.
£¦ Scccnd Floor-Rear. 'in the Rotunda. -^— Secend Floor— Front. In Curtain IXpartment.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1900.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS: : : :
L'DAPM Sand ' Centrifugal Pumps. Drak*
l\l\vf Oil Amalgamators. In operation dal-
ly. 9 Stevenson st.. Saa Francisco
BEACH GOLD COVCENTRATOR.
SAVES Al! the Gold by Gravitation, No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
BOS* GOLD SAVER.
Man pemps. water operates macnlae. worka
3 tons rer hr.. saves 33 p.c. free gold. 129 First.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES fine gold. In daily operation, at 234
Beale st.. San Francisco.
GASOLINE E>GINES.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is flllln*
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First st. 9. F.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL- Gold Saving Machine. £9 Fol-
tom street. Oriental Gas Enzine Company.
GROCERIES AND PR">VISIONS
Outfits packed. IRVINE BROS.. 570 Howart.
30S Fourth. 1303 Polk and 1«1 Stockton. 8. F.
OILS.
LUBRTCATTNf; Oil. Crude On and G&soUb*.
EXSIGX A McGCFFICK. 13 Spear St.. S. F.
" PLATES FOT? SAVING GOLD.
Scbaezleln A BurrHj". 3 Hardie plaeoi o9
Kearriy. between Sutter and Bush street*.
F. VT. BELU Central Plating "Works. S3! Mis-
sion st.. S. F. Phone Jessie ML
PORTABLE HOUSES.
EURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist sts.. Oakland, or Builder** Ex.. 3. T.
D«EDGI V O PIMPS.
OIL Gasoline. Steam Hofrts. Centrifugal Pumps.
Engines&Boilers. HemJyMach. Wks.,*} Fremont.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Sarply fresh or sslt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market st
PUMPS AND GASOLINE ENfJINES.
All kinds of Pumps acd Gasoline Engines.
WOODI.V & LITTLE. Jl2 Market St.. S. T.
PILE- DRI VINO ENGINES.
"Worthlngton Steam Pumps &. Water Meterv
Mnndy Hoisting Engines. Tatum Sc Bowen.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER * HAMILTON. Engines «ad Boilers:
lowest crlces on the coast. Pine & Davis its.
rockkrs. rr-n^r":
DftrrCOC "^" Hula-Hula Rocker, best or»
I\UwKlu3 earth: Centrifugal Sand Pumps;
Machinery. PARKE & LACT.
CO.. Jl Fremont si.
TENTS A>D COVERS.
NEVILLE 3c CO.. manufacturers, bags, testa.
covers. XI and 33 California st.
W. a P. BUILDING PAPER.
VTlnd. water and Tennin proof. Prepared
rooflnr. 113 New Montgomery st.
5
MISS PAULINE FITZGERALD.Personally Conducted Excursion?
In improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
rleeping cars via Santa Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
"Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every "Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every ! Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 623 Market street. ,!
THE MAN WHO LAUGHS.
The clergyman's little boy was spend
ing the afternoon with the Bishop's chil
dren.
"At the rectory," he said, "we've got a
hen that lays an egg every day."
"Pooh!" said Master Bishop, "my father
lays a foundation stone once a week."—
London Globe.
Tommy: "Pop, what is vulgar ostenta
tion?
Tommy's Father: Vulgar ostentation,
my son, is the display made by people
who have more money to do it with than
we have ourselves.— Philadelphia Record.
* * *
"Johnnie, how would you divide thirteen
apples equally among fourteen boys?"
"Make 'em Into apple sauce, sir!"
* « •
"It is charged that | Senator Checkbook
paid too much for his seat," said Senator
Plumtree to Senator Peachtree.
"Yes, he might as well have bought a
seat in the New York Stock Exchange
while he was about it."
• • •
First Little Montana Boy— Huh! my
papa is a bigger man 'n yours is!
Second Little Montana Boy— Huh! my
pa got five thousand dollars more fer his
vote 'n your did, anyway.— Baltimore
American.
Hewitt— l have been threatened with ap
pendicitis.
Jewett— "Who threatened you— the doc
tor?— Bazar.
St. Joe notes- with "ghoulish glee" that
"Andy" Carnegie is having all kinds of
trouble since he neglected- a good oppor
tunity to present that city a public library
building.— Kansas City Journal. ; ;: ;
A MASSACHUSETTS ABERRATION.
piZjROM several of our Eastern exchanges we learn
I k that a Judge in Massachusetts recently permitted
* a young criminal found guilty of forgery to go
free on condition that he would keep out of Massachu
setts for two years. It appears the Judge regards two
years' banishment from that commonwealth as
equivalent to two years in the State prison, and his
action was based upon that view of the case.
Our Eastern contemporaries, published in States
outside of the :New England group, denounce the ac
tion of the Judge in severe ternis. From the tone of
their remarks we- infer that they look* upon the sen
tence of the Judge as conferring a reward upon the
criminal instead of. a punishment, but their main ob
jection is that Massachusetts is becoming altogether
too thrifty and economical in the dealing with her
criminals. Conceding that to a Boston forger an
exile from the State for two years is really as painful
as two years in the penitentiary, there remains in that
form of punishment the objectionable element that
instead of taking charge of the criminal herself for
that length of time, Massachusetts puts him off upon
some other State.
. It appears California has a particular interest in the
case,' for the Baltimore American, in commenting
upon it, states incidentally as a minor feature of it
that the young criminal's father promised the Judge
to send him to California and keep him there for the
full term of the two years. Possibly the young man
may turn out well and develop here a virtue he did
not possess at home. Such things frequently happen.
All the same, we would prefer to obtain our immi
giants in another way.
International law and formal treaties forbid one
Government from getting rid of its criminal class. by
banishing convicts to exile, in another country. We
have frequently had to complain of European Gov
ernments in that respect, and now we keep a close
watch to see that no nation uses any part of the
United States as a dumping-ground for persons con
victed of crime. It will be a sad day. if one Ameri
can State should have to stand on guard in the same
way against another State. It was quite common, in
deed, at one time, for Eastern communities', to rid
themselves of certain kinds of criminals by permit
ting them to go free on condition they would set out
for Texas or California. The customs of that day
have long. since been outgrown, and it is to be re
gretted a Massachusetts Judge has seen fit to under
take to revive them. Had he sentenced the forger to
banishment to Great Britain or Germany, his conduct
would have been the subject of an international con
troversy at once, and it would seem that there should
be some law to protect California as well as foreign
countries from such exhibitions of Massachusetts
thrift. . ; ' \ :
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
ANOTHER BRYAN INVASION.
/"^ALIFORNIA is destined to more'trouble. .We
( have had drought, floods, fires and the San
'^¦^ Francisco Board of Health, Phelan's reform
government and the Examiner as an endemic disease
and now it is announced that Bryan impends once
more! I He is to begin in Washington, put his well
worn figures of speech on the Puget Sound market
and then, beginning in Southern California, will go
through the State like a liver regulator.
He selects Southern California at a time when the
tourist crop is harvested and gathered into barns and
the people will have settled down to figure out the ef
fects of a prolonged dry spell. He does' not appear
as a rain-maker. He depends upon an anhydrous
atmosphere and withered fields. Where nature has
foreclosed upon the ordinary fruits and farinacea there
he is with the people, to charge the famine of the fields
to the party in power. The Gulf stream and the Japan
current in their normal position are his enemies. His
allies are the weevil and cut worm, thrips. San Jose
scale, red spider and curled leaf. The Vedalia Aus
tralis he views with alarm and points with pride to the
cushiony cotton scale.
Though the gold standard bill is the law and our 2
per cent bonds are at a premium of 7 per cent and
the money circulation per capita is greater than ever
before, as is the stock of gold, he scents ruin in the air
because our standard of value. is not a silver dollar
worth 50 cents and our bonds are not at a discount
instead of a premium.
Just why Colonel Bryan feels it necessary to quit his
Nebraska fireside in the bracing March weather and
put his gift of prophecy on tap in the cities of the
coast and plains is not explained.
We suspect that the cause may be found in the re
cent cynical and zoological remark of Hon. Sylvester
Pennoyer of Oregon, a veteran in free silver politics,
who says that Bryan is using the same weapon that
served Samson in his little trouble with the Philistines.
Mr. Pennoyer is of the opinion that Samson was the
only artist in the use of that means of overcoming an
enemy and that Bryan plies his jawbone in vain. Bi
this as it may, his visit will greatly refresh the weary
brethren and put life and mettle in the heels of those
who run to politics.
He will diagnose the trust disease and suggest him
self as the only pill which will purge it out of the na
tional constitution. ¦ After urging on the Spanish war
"because it would be good politics" and securing the
ratification of the purchase of the Philippines when
Republican Senators had it beaten, he will oppose that
imperialism which Senators McLaurin of South Caro
lina, Morgan of Alabama and other leaders of his
party 'declare is the proper caper for this country. His
organ here, the Examiner, which nailed the flag to the
Philippines, and declared that Congress can govern
external possessions without regard to the consti
tution, will lead the claque in favor of his anti-expan
sion oratory and the full band will respond to his
ancient battle cry of 16 to 1.
Meantime sober-minded people, who believe in
principles and not opportunism in politics, will note
that he attacks everything that is and makes no feas
ible suggestion of anything better to take its place.
They will see no remedy for any existing evil in giving
the country over to him and Altgeld, Tillman, Croker,
Fred White, Governor Waite, General Weaver and the
crowd of anarchist agitators whose past records brand
them as incompetent in government and unsafe in
politics. The steady heads and hands of the country
must plan a way out of existing complications and
then carefully work that plan out to a finish. Oppor
tunism never yet furnished good government to any
country, which must be the fruit of the steady and pa
tient application of fixed principles to public issues.
Colonel Bryan admits that the constitution must be
amended to cover an income tax and his anti-trust
legislation. He also adheres to the Chicago platform
attack on the Supreme Court, which requires another
amendment to the constitution to change the method
of choosing that great bench and destroy the life ten
ure of its members. It is plain therefore that Colonel
Bryan's politics is extra-constitutional and that every
policy of importance which he advocates is at war
with our present constitutional system. It Is for our
steady people to say whether they will put into hi?
hands the power to sew patches in the constitution
until it will look like a beggar's gaberlunzie for sale at
Rag Fair.
The wisdom of the fathers who made the consti
tution has been approved by the history of a century
and eleven years of prosperous and successful govern
ment under it. But Colonel Bryan is not pleased with
that great fundamental law and desires to amend it
awry with its purposes. He desires to smash the watch
to make it keep better time. We are persuaded that
the people p-efer to let it stand as great men made it
and not trust its amendment to the clowns and harle
quins who train in Colonel Bryan's perpetual, peri
patetic show. "
Claims He Beat Her.
Maria "J.Faustino has; sued J. : N. ;de
Roza' to. recover. $2000 : damages for per
sonal injuries. • Plaintiff alleges that the
defendant assaulted her *on ¦ February ; 8
last and severely beat her.** *
Blame for a Boy's Death.
Coroner Cole held an inquest yesterday
upon. the, body of Charles Leslie. Forsyth,
the four-year-old boy who was ; killed at
1 Polk street last Monday by a : falling
glass door. The Jury, returned a verdict
that death had. been caused by a piece of
glass penetrating the • boy's skull and
brain, "due to the accidental breaking of
window glass placed in an improperly and
insecurely constructed frame.". - , ;¦
When even the gamblers of Tanforan reach .that
stage where they cannot trust one another and in dis
gust at palpable dishonesty declare. bets off the public
ought to awake to a realization of, what chance it
stands in the game.
Fellows who keep on playing nickel-in-the-slot
machines may not be very wise, but they have a heap
more sense than the guys who continue to bet on
prizefights.
Theßoard of Health. seems less determined upon
disinfecting Chinatown than upon infecting all other
parts of the city. * • .'.
children arc sick children.
Their inactivity and sober
races are not in keeping' with
robustchildhood. They lack
vitality and resistive power,
and arc very susceptible to
colds and coniagiousdiscases.
bring? new life to such chil-
dren. It enriches the blood;
it restores health and activ-
ity; it gives vigor and vitality
to/ mind and body.
_joe aod >. 00. .11 druggists.
SCOTT& UUWNE.Chemisu NtwYodb '
HIS LAST LECTURE AT
THE DENTAL COLLEGE
Professor Lengfeld Presented "With a
Dressing Case by the Students
of His Class.
Professor Lengfeld has severed his con
nection with the- Dental College of the
University of California, and yesterday
morning delivered his last lecture to ths
students. During the lecture he was sur
prised when Harry E. Gates, who said
that he had been selected by the other
students to take the- opportunity, to prefer
a number of ¦ complaints, and after enu
merating them he stepped forward and
presented the professor with a handsome
dressing-case as a mark of appreciation
and esteem. After recovering from his
surprise the professor acknowledged the
present. ¦. He goes East Ina day or two
and the students all wished him a safe
and pleasant journey.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PENSION CLAIM - T. W.. Soldiers'
Home, Napa. Cal. A pension agent is au
thorized to make a demand of *1O to pro
cure the increase of a soldier's pension.
BRADLEY'S POLITICS— G. G., City
William O. Bradley, who was Governor of
Kentucky from 1595 to 1899. was the flr«=t
Republican Governor elected in that State.
THE DOG OF MONTARGIS— A. H.,
Haywards, Cal. This correspondent want 3
to know where he can-find a story called
"The Dog of Montargis." Can any of the
readers of this department oblige with the
information?
NOT FOR FOUR YEARS— G. G., City.
Every State in the Union does not elect
its Governor for the term of four year*
Some elect annually, others biennially and
others every four years.'
TAX IN WASHINGTON— T. W. C , Val
lejo, Cal. There is an ad valorem tax on
real estate in the city of Washington D
C. The money so collected is used to pay
the running expenses of that city.
KOHLSAAT OF CHICAGO— J. E.. City.
Herman. Henry Kohlsaat of the Chicago
Times-Herald and Chicago Evening Po«t
was at one time part owner of the Chicago
Inter Ocean. That was in IS6I-63.
KENTUCK MINING COMPANY-Coun
tryman. Kern County, Cal. 'The dirctt.rs
of the-Kentuck Mining Company of Neva
da are R. E. Kelly, H." Zadig, W. H ii
Hart and Q. Waterman. The next elec
tion will be held in December, 1900.
THE PARIS EXPOSITION— W. F. anl
N; 8.. Calito, Cal. The Paris Exposition
will be opened April 15,' 1900, and will close
Toothbrushes can. be carried ..tn the
pocket without danger of soiling by en-
closing them In a; case, patented by an
Illinois man. a tin box being shaped to
fit the bristle head, with a slot in the
end for the handle, a lid fitting tightly
ever the top of the box.
THE DOMESTIC SERVANT PROBLEM
\A RS. EMMONS BLAINE, daughter of Cyrus
/ \ G. McCormick, inventor of the reaping ma
* * chine, and daughter-in-law of James G." Blaine,
has contributed to the solution of the domestic ser
vant problem an experiment which shows on her part
something of the inventive genius of her father and
something of the wide-reaching diplomacy of her
father-in-law. Her plan is to provide for her house
hold two sets of sen-ants, one to report for duty at 6
a. m. and to leave 3t 2 p. m., the other to begin work
when the first set leaves and continue until 10 p. m.
Thus each set will work but eight hours a day and
will have ample leisure for work, study, recreation, so
cial enjoyment or anything else in the way of occupa
tion they may choose to undertake on their own be
half.
The boldness of. the experiment lies in the fact that
when put into operation the system will leave the
household without servants from 10 p. m. to 6 a. m.
Should there be need for service of any kind in the
house between those hours the members of the family
or their guests will do it or it will remain undone.
Visitors will be requested not to remain after 10
o'clock, gucsts'will be instructed not to call for supper
or hot water or anything else after that hour' and all
babies in the mansion will be restrained from crying
for nurses or for lollypop until the first set of servants
come on in the morning.
It appears in fact that the Emmons Blame house
hold is to be managed something like a factory or a
shop. The work of its manifold activities is to be car
ried on strictly within business hours. Promptly
when the last set of servants has completed the eight
March Seventeenth.
While Saint Patrick, wid vigor amazln'.
The sarplnts from Erin was chasin'.
Mother Eve from above
Watched his labor o' love,
Wid attintion and wonder onceasln .
Through the hivlnly orchards proceedln*.
On the fruits iver ripe she was feedin':
But the apple's swate juice
¦ Didn't 'taste like it used
In thebountiful Garden of Eden..
"Och! Adam," she cried, wid conviction;
"What I'm tellln' yez sure is no fiction.
If that Saint had been nigh , >• >.
In the ages forbye • „
We'd niver have had the eviction."
— Life.
Rudyard Kipling's complaint that the Afrikanders
of Cape Colony who sympathize with the Boers are
not treated with sufficient severity by the British au
thorities shows a lack not only of magnanimity, but
of common-sense. It is a sure thing that any harsh
ness on the part of the British officers just now would
bring about a speedy uprising of all the Dutch in
South Africa and then Roberts would have to make
another call for reinforcements.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup**.
Has bean used for fifty years by ' millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic. re«^i-
lat*a the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
WinsloWs Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottla. •
A Chicago man has patented a musical
bicycle, which has a number of vibratory
strings secured to a detachable frame,
with a toothed roller revolved by the pro-
pulsion of the bicycle, to operate a series
of spring hammers and play tunes on the
strings.
1000 calendars, published at $1, n 50. $3
and $2 50 each placed with us to close out
at 10c. 25c and 50c each. Sanborn. Vail &
Co., 7« Market st. , •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tb atTownsend'a.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and publio men by thj
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. --• ¦
DEMOCRACY AND PORTO RICO.
* IGHTEEN months ago the Examiner an
nounced as good Democracy that: "Should it
— * become necessary to administer outside depend-
L-ncits, it is in the power and right of Congress to
ievise any sort of system that may appl., to the con
htions of such dependencies and this power ii in no
.vise limited by the national constitution, nor does its
implication involve any modification in our domestic
?vstem. All these things are familiar knowledge."
On October 3. 1809, in an editorial on the re
ception of Admiral Dewey in New York, the Ex
aminer's twin, Hearst's New York Journal, made it
plain that we are to govern "outside dependencies."
Under the caption, "Expansion in the Air," the
Journal said in big pica type and double-column form:
"What does it all mean? Why has Admiral Dewey,
who thrashed an enemy from whom the country was
never in danger, been welcomed with transports of
enthusiasm that were never evoked by the older heroes
who saved the nation in its struggles for existence?
"What the welcome really means, aside from appre
ciation of the charm of Dewey's personality, is that
the vast mass of Americans approve with all their
fouls the consequences of his victory. As for the
victory itself, as a mere feat of arms, that plays a
minor part in the rejoicings. Suppose, for instance,
that the fleet had been ordered to sail home imme
diately after the battle, as some thought it should have
been, and that the Philippines had been left to Spain,
does anybody suppose that Dewey would have had the
place in our national pantheon that he occupies now?
"Or suppose the masses held Atkinson's opinions
about expansion, is it likely that they would have
worked themselves up to a frenzy of enthusiasm over
Dewey? The reception of the admiral's name in
Atkinsonian meetings is sufficient answer to the ques
tion. The manifest truth is that the people who
cheered for Dewey were believers in expansion, as he
b himself. Compare the seven miles of packed and
howling humanity on Saturday with a meeting in a
third-story hall and you will have the measure of the
expansion and anti-expansion sentiment among the
American people."
The Journal then quotes ex-Democratic Governor
Fattison of Pennsylvania in favor of expansion and
s::ys: "He was twice elected Governor of Pennsyl
vania, a State whose Republican majorities are usu
ally counted in six figures. He is experienced in read
ing the signs of popular feeling, and when he says
that in his recent travels in the West he lias seen no
sign of a backward movement anywhere, and asks
v hether the Dewey outpouring in New York indicated
r:iy abatement in national enthusiasm, Democrats will
do well to give thoughtful attention to his- observa
tions." Remember, this was last October. The
Philippine war was on then, as it is now. There is no
change anywhere in the expansion situation which
the Hearst papers regarded with such approval. But
tlie moment their idea of government unlimited by
the constitution is applied to our "outside de
pendencies" they shriek "infamy" and denounce
tlie Porto Rico tariff because it is unconstitutional!
Such opposition is unworthy of consideration. It is
below contempt. Those two papers demand that we
must have these outside dependencies and must gov
ern them outside the constitution and then denounce
our possession of them and our first attempt at such
government!
Suppose the party they represent get into power,
what policy will it enforce? Will it extend the con
stitution to these dependencies and make equal citi
zens of their eighteen millions of people? Or will it
keep the constitution at home and govern them as it
pleases and how?
Or will it drop these outside dependencies, for the
ownership of which it howled? The people are not to
be fooled. They demand of a political opposition
something more than opposition as to grave issues.
They want a plain declaration of policy. Republican
anti-expansionsists prefer their own party and th-;
prospect of controlling it to a right solution to help
ing into power a mob that can only destroy and has
no ability to construct
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. George I*. Porter of Trenton. Ter.n..
is at the Grand.
Postmaster Thomas Fox of Sacramento
is staying at the Lick.
L» Hartman Is registered at the Califor
nia from "Washington. D. C.
P. Maslin, an attorney of Sacramento,
is a recent arrival at the Grand.
George W. Henderson, a prominent resi
dent of San Joss, is at the Lick.
V. "W. Foster/ lumberman and capitalist
of Evanston, 111., is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. James B. Russell of Vir
ginia are registered at the Palace.
F. A. "Wlckersham, a banker of Peta
luma, is at the Lick for a few days.
Joseph G. Enright. a capitalist and land
owner of San Jose, is a guest at the Lick,
where he arrived last night.
R. W. Corbet, a well-known mining
man of San Antonio. Texas, is among tko
arrivals of yesterday at the Grand.
C. B. Church. C. D. Church and B. F.
Billlnger are registered at the Palace,
where they arrived last' evening from
Washington. D. C.
Percy Todd. traffic manager, and E. L.
Somers, general Western freight ager.t of
the "West Shore road, are at the Palace,
where they arrived yesterday from tho
southern part of the State.
Major John Davi3. surgeon U. S. V., i 3
a guest at the Occidental, en route to Ma
nila. Major Davis earned a great deal
of praise from the Government for the
excellence of his work In Havana-
Edward Chambers, general "Western
freight agent of the Santa Fe: George W.
Hintz, general passenger agent of the
same road, and S. H. Babcock, traffic
manager of the Rio Grande "Western, are
registered at the Palace, where they ar
rived yesterday from Los Angeles.
HUNTINGTON'S INSURANCE SCHEME CONDEMNED.
Nlles Herald.
IN lies xieiiin.l. tl -_ -
One of the most outrageous infringements upon a man's rights is the reiier
department" of the Southern Pacific Company, which has recently been promul
gated. It forces every employe, regardless of his position or desires, to pay a nign
premium to the corporation for sick and death benefits, and to do so whether ne
has other protection or not. ¦ , _„-_* lv n
One of the very strongest objections is the fact that the station as" 1 *;?™"
is as free from liability to accident as an editor, shall pay the same P re "" u ™_,^
a switchman, who takes his life into his hands every hour of the day. Tfteomy
classification of risks is the salary, each man being bled for a certain per cent oi
Another strong objection is the clause exempting the company from damage
suits or forfeiture of all claims for insurance. .
This is a free country and no corporation should be allowed to cinch its em
ployes as the Southern Pacific Company is making an effort to do. Its hospital
system is now robbing the men of thousands of dollars per year. The men
should be protected by law, as they cannot do anything themselves at the riaK
of losing their positions. . . . .
If pressed, the men will no doubt strike, and then the State will have to again
go through the scenes of IS!M, but every fair-minded man should stand witn.tne
railroad men and give them every assistance in his power in their fight for per
sonal liberty as to how and where they shall take their Insurance.
The press of the State should take up their battle and see to it that the next
Legislature passes laws which will prevent this highway robbery and force all
corporations to give a public statement of the receipts and disbursements every
six months of all funds collected from their employes. 'v* v -
• • •
Benicia New Era.
The Insurance scheme of the Southern Pacific does not seem to find much favor
with their employes. The opposition is widespread and the explanations so far
made by Mr. Kruttschnltt and the heads of the different departments have not
been satisfactory to the employes. The majority of the men are Insured In
some mutual insurance organization, in which they receive all the Insurance
they are in need of at a far less cost than C. P. Huntington's scheme. The
burden imposed is too heavy on their Income; besides the other features of thi3
plan will bring a state of unrest that is bound to lead to serious consequences.
The fraternal part of Mr. Huntington does not seem to appeal to his employes
and we can hardly blame them, as there seems- to be some sinister design which
will probably creep out later. If all the railroad organizations on this coast will
stand together and make Mr. Huntington understand that they do not propose to
be coerced, his pet measure will be abandoned.
San Benlto Advance.
The scheme of the Southern Pacific Company to inaugurate an insurance
and relief department among their host of employes has met with the most
serious opposition. While the general scheme of relief is good, there are features
connected therewith which are unfair, and which if not withdrawn will lead to
serious trouble and discontent. Unless the railroad officials who are Introduc
ing the relief scheme can make a better showing than they have up to date,
it will never become popular with the railroad employes. And in their resistance
to what is put forward as philanthropy, they will have the hearty indorsement" of
the intelligent traveling public.
on the sth of November following. The
"outlay for a poor man who wants to go
there from San Francisco and return*
will be about $600, and that does not allow
him to indulge in many things he might
fancy as mementoes or to visit other
places of interest in the great city.
SOUTHERN CONFEDERACY— I* F..
City. There were- eleven States In ths
Southern • Confederacy and these secc<2<\l
from the Union on the following dates:
South Carolina. December 20. 1S60; Missis,
sippi, January 9. 1S61; Florida, January
10; Alabama. January 11; Georgia, Janu
ary 19; Louisiana, January 26; Texas, Feb
ruary 1; Arkansas, May -6; North Caro
lina. May 20; Virginia. May 23, and Ten
nessee. June 8. Kentucky never was a
part of the Confederacy. The State Legis
lature in September pronounced emphat
ically In favor of the Union.
Small Voice in the jfe«,-LOOX,HERE, UNCLE, WE'VE GOT A WAR OF OUROWN-
THE CLIMAX OF FAKE FIGHTING
HAD. any further evidence been required to con
vince the public that the so-called sport of prize
fighting has in this' city become nothing more
than a fake scheme for fleecing those who are foolish
enough to bet on the contests, it would have been fur
nished by the match between Stelzner and Butler un
der the management of the National Athletic Club at
Woodward's Pavilion on. Wednesday evening. The
thing was so clearly a prearranged scheme to defraud
bettors that the referee refused to stand for it, and
even the club managers became ashamed. The ref
eree declared all bets off as soon as the men entered
the ring, and the managers told them after the fight
that it was so palpably a fake they would receive noth
ing for their exhibition.
While that is perhaps the "rawest" game of the
kind ever put up in San Francisco, it does not stand
alone. Again and again the deluded patrons of the ring
and of pugilism have been treated to similar exhibitions
and have lost their money by betting upon matches
which were fixed beforehand. They were in fact on
Wednesday evening more fortunate than usual, for
by the action of the referee they were saved from the
loss of money bet upon the match and are victims only
to the extent of the amounts paid out to enter the
pavilion and see the fake.
Such a fraud, coming on top of the many that pre
ceded it, caps the climax and completes the exposure
of the whole rotten system of public prize-fighting.
It makes clear the need of the enactment of just such
an ordinance as that submitted to the Supervisors by
the irate Mr. Tobin on Monday. In fact it seems the
promoters of the fake had come to the conclusion the
Tobin ordinance will be adopted and hastily arranged
the Stelzner and Butler programme to make a clean
up before it goes into effect.
Having had this much of an exposition of the tricks
of the trade it is to be hoped the betting public will be
sufficiently intelligent to profit by it and let that form
of gambling alone. 1 The" pugs should.be forced to go
East or go to work. There should be no further tol
eration for them in San Francisco any more than for
the Eastern contingent of track, gamblers who have
been trying to; obtain the 'privilege of operating at
Ingleside. Enough is as good as ; a feast at all times
and in this : particular business there has now been
spread forth enough rottenness to satisfy buzzards.
THE SAN ...FBAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, "MARCH 16. 1900.
hours of its allotted time for duty the household will
close up like a California poppy at sunset and not open
its radiant life again until the next sunrise.
•There is much in the project to be commended.
Every class of workers is entitled to some respite from
work, to some time of leisure which they can call their
own. One of the chief reasons why American girls
dislike domestic service is the continuous .round of
work it imposes.- When' the factory closes for the
day the factory girl's work for that day is done and
thereafter until next morning she is her own mistress.
That degree of liberty" is 'highly prized. and if, it can
be provided for employes in domestic service there can
be no question but what it will go ¦' far; toward making
that form of work more attractive than it is.
Whether or not the improvement can be effected on
a basis sufficiently economical to render it. practicable
remains to be seen. Mrs. Eramons Blame will prob
ably find that she needs three sets of servants instead
of two to carry out the work of her household on the
eight-hour plan. She is rich and can afford it. Her
neighbors who are not rich will watch her experi
ment with an attention due to something more than
feminine curiosity. They will wish to see how they
can adopt the system without diminishing their mil
liners' bills or ruining their husbands.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STYLISH AFTERNOON DRESS.
This dress for visiting: is of black China
crape. The corsage has a draped shawl
yoke, falling: in plaits and spangled. The
corselet Is also spangled. The skirt is
trimmed down the side with a spangled
band and Chantilly flounce round the
bottom.
FRIDAY MARCH 16, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PI'IIIjICATIOX OFFICK.. Market and Third, S. F.
Trlrphone .Main ISGS.
i:!)noill.U, n00M5....517 to 221 Sterenion St.
Telephone Mslu 1574.
Uellv^red l>y Carrier*. IB Cent*) Per W«»lc
Mnßle Copleit, ft Cent*.
Terms by .Mull. IncladluK Fostnjjn
I>AILT CALL (including Sunday), on* year $6.00
I.'AILY CALL (including Sunday), <J months 3.00
DAMXJT CALL (including Sunday), 3 months LM
KAILY CALL— By Single Month «5c
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
CEEKLT CALL One Year 100
AH pontmantern are authorized to receive
fmbncrlptionn.
SanjpU corl" »'tll U» forwarded when request ed.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadwtr
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
JCETW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NOW TORK REPRESENTATIVB:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehennaa House; P. O. News Co.: Oreet Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
DRAXCH OFFICES— I 27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until »:30 o'clock. 639
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larktn, open Until
0:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2201
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096
Valencia, open until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until
9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Oryhpum— Vaudeville.
Grand Operahouse — "The Girl From Paris."
Columbia— "Because She Loved Him So."
California— ¦" The Brownie* In Fairyland."
Tlvoll— "The Idol's Eye. 1 '
Alcazar — "Never Acaln."
Alhambra— "Have You Seen Smith."
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano recital this afternoon.
Chutes. Zoo ar.d Theater— Vaudevlll© every afternoon and
creates.
Olymrla, corner of Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
Western Turf Association— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Enill Conn— This day. at 11 o'clock. Furniture, at 1123
Howard street.
By T. McDonald— Saturday, at 11 a. m.. 2 and 7 p. m.,
Japanese and Chinese Curios, at SW. corner Geary and Stock-
ton Etreett.
6SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S fIALL
MR. C. L. GRAFF PresenU
LAST TWO EXPLANATORY RECITALS
AT THE PIANO BY
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH
ON THE
WAGNER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS,
THIS AFTERNOON at 3:30.
PARSIFAL.
Saturday March 17— TRISTAN and ISOLDE
Reserved Seats— sl 50. General Admission—*!.
Now on «ale at Sherman, Clay & Co.**.
manner and numbers her admirers by
the score. The young couple will pass
their honeymoon in the south and then
return to San Francisco, which will be
their future home.
GRAVE CHARGES BROUGHT
AGAINST POUNDKEEPER
Supervisors' Health and Hospita* 1
Committee Will Hold an Inves
tigation This Afternoon.
The Supervisors' Health and Hospital
Committee will take up the charges
against ; Poundkeeper Walton this after
noon.' Anthony Frayer of 2757 Sixteenth
Street alleges that Walton, on March 2,
while intoxicated, viciously assaulted him,
used vile ; and obscene language and
threatened to shoot him.
; E. F. Murray and Timothy C. Lynch
depose that Walton, while intoxicated, on
another occasion insulted a Mrs. Lipp
kowskl. at 3022 Clement street, and when
her husband attempted to interfere, he
was abused by Walton, who also drew a
revolver., Walton is also accuved of
assaulting one Harrington and one Wal
lace • while -he was on duty.— —;*¦'•""
EREAT HEAVENS! WHAT A HIT!
The Most Magnificent Entertainment of Its
Kind Ever Seen In This City.
THE BROWNIES IN FAIrsYLAND.
TO-DAY and TO-MORROW, Both Afternoons
and Nights,
200 CHILDREN ON THE STAGE-^— 2o)
NEW Eoaes, Dances, Music, Specialties.
SEE the Fairy Gardep. the Fairy Ballet, the
Living Ro*es, the Funny Chinamen, the
Cakewalk Ballet, the Wonderful Baree.
Reserved Scats — Nljrht. 25c. 50c, 75c. Matinee,
Commencing Sunday Nl*ht. March 15th —
"PI'DD'NHEAD WILSON," with the Brilliant
Actor. MR. BURR McINTOSH.
MR. and MRS. SYDNEY DREW,
In the Amuslnc One-act Comedy, "LOVE
WILL FIND A WAY."
HOWARD THURSTON; FLATOW and DUNN,
SMEDLEY SKETCH CLUB.
HAPPY FANNY FIELDS.
IMPERIAL MOORISH ACROBATS.
ANNA WHITNEY: NEWHOUSE and WARD:
THE FRANKS TRIO.
Rpcerved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. 50c; matinees Wednesday, Sat-
urday and Sunday.
SPECIAL FEATURES FOR CHILDREN' TO-
MORROW. SATURDAY, MATINEE
VI— EXPOSING THE PLATE.
When we are ready to withdraw t!ic
slide so as to expose the plate, that is. to
allow the picture as we have just seen It
upon the ground glass to be thrown ;n the
same way upon the face of the dry plate
in our holder and the image of the picture?
to be impregnated upon the plate. w. e
must again caution against overexposure.
We shall learn later on of exposure
meters for mechanically judging of ex
posure. At present we shall endeavor to
get as correct an exposure as possible by
our own judgment, which after all s the
best exposure meter. This judging of cor
rect exposure is a part of photograoliy
which should receive constant study. Ex
pert knowledge Is secured only through
close observation and long experience.
Suppose that we have a medium plate
in the holder and that our view Is made
up of a clump of trees, a brook, a few
large stones and an old log bridge. It is
a fairly bright day and the sun is shlntiiy.
After studying the time of exposure by
looking first at the view and then at IUJ
image on the ground glass, as already de
scribed, we conclude that with the stop or
diaphragm that we have used to get our
picture at its best five seconds is
about the correct time. Our lens being
closed, either by placing the cap. on th<
projecting hood of the lens or by .closing
the shutter, we take. hold of the slide wltl.
the fingers of the right hand, placing th.
left upon the top of the camera over tro
slideholder in order to steady the camera,
and draw out the slide completely. V-c
must be very careful to draw it over per
fectly straight, for the reason that the end
of the holder through which the slHe is
drawn is protected by a spring or cushion
of black velvet extending the width or the
sliue. If we draw out the slide with a
downward motion the upper end leaves
the holder first, while the lower end. still
In the slide, holds the cushion from pei
forming its function, which is to close up
the slot when the elide is out and thus
prevent the rays of light from pas. rg
through to the plate, which means tlia..
our plate will be fogged, or light struck.
"It ls'then of great importance that we
draw our slide out gently., yet auickh.
and draw it straight. After drawing the
slide it is well to acquire the habit of
throwing the side of tte focuslnff ciotn
over the side of the camera from % h eh
the slide has been withdrawn, thus doully
Detecting the end of our holder from tna
Fff Especially should this be done in
outdoor work. , f ...
Now. to count our seconds and to count
them as seconds: it is remarkaMe hovk
differently as to time this may be "onf.
of course w e may use a watch and get the
time exact but it is claimed, and with
trath. by good camerists that to expose
mechanically is to Io»» the soul of the
nirtnre for when once one Is ma3ter
of timing a picture under different phases
tnere 3 an nner feeling of conception of
the depth of the picture that guides the
hand and eye in making exposures. Be
this as it may. it is true that nine people
out of ten expose by rule of eye or count.
V havlfound that by a very little prac
tice almost correct time may be gUen in
seconds by counting— one second— two sec
onds-three seconds distinctly and in the
usual speed of the voice in talking. ¦To
try to count by saying one. two. three,
will rarely land the beginner within half
Of the time he expects. Begin counting
as the shutter, is opened or the lens un
capped and close the lens at the end of
the last "second." Don't be tempted to
give "just a little more time.' for more
plates are spoiled by the "little more time"
than by almost any other means '
The exposure being made the slide is re
placed, and here we must remember to
place the end of the slide exactly straight
in the opening, and keep it straight, for to
introduce one corner first would ruin our
nlate Just as we have seen above. In re
placing the slide be sure to have the dark
side of the slide on the outside, as this
will show that the plate has been exposed
and will keep us from making the quite
common mistake of exposing the same
P Right here and now is the time for us to
begin a system of "method," by which we
mean' labeling each exposure and Jotting
down a quick memorandum of the view
taken, the plate used, the stop used and
the time or exposure: also whether the
day is dull, medium or light. This tabu
lating will mean the saving of a great
many plates and a deal of wear and tear
on our temper when we come to develop
our pictures, not only on this initiative
; trip but in all our future work. There
is nothing so exasperating as to return
home from a photographing jaunt with
a half dozen choice views, taken and timed
under a half dozen different conditions of
light and speed, only to forget in the dark
room "which are which." Let us decide
now that we shall always carry a mem
orandum book on our trip and jot down
particulars somewhat as follows:
PLATE NO. 1.
View, landscape, dark foliage; brook, log
brldze In foresround.
Lens— Goers, 4x3. * n
Plate — Cramer, "Banner.
Time— Five seconds.
Llirlit— Bright. 2 p. m.
Result.....
And so on with each exposure. Of course
each plate-holder must .be numbered so
that No. 1 plate corresponds with No. 1
"memo." By keeping a careful record of
each exposure in this manner we soon
learn by comparison and by early mis
takes the proper exposure to give under
any given .circumstances.
We have cautioned against overexpos
ure for the reason that the almost uni
versal failing of the beginner Is to over
expose, but a little overexposure Is more
easily handled In development than is un
derexposure, for we can sometimes get a
good negative from an overexposed plate
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weekly Call. $1 per Year
- Any vo Theatrical I Cold ' Cream . proven ta
early wrlaklM. Sold by ail drug g i»u. •
Metal . rustic ;¦ Initials ; or- name ; stamped
in gold leaf free of I charge |on all | leather
goods purchased at Sanbor n & Vail' a, 741
Market bC >••
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 pep Year*
IrilFs Man leptable Pills
ARK ACKNOWLEDGED BY - THOUSANDS
of persons who have used ¦ them I for - forty
Mars to cure SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS.
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Lr*tr, Wuk gtomaoii,
riB»le» tad purify U» Moot
CHUTES AND^OO. E^7 KAK A S oa
UOGGP and HARWOOD; MAJOR MITE: OCR-
DON SISTERS: LTTLAINE and IJARRKLL;
BENNETT SISTERS; HARRY HAHWOOD;
• ULACK BARTONS; AFRICAN WAR PIC-
TURES.
TO-MORROW NIKht— CAKEWALK CONTEST.
COFFIN & FROST vs. BARNEY & BE ATT V-
beat* by Phoce— Partc «.
Feast of St. Patrick.
' The feast of St. Patrick will -be duly
celebrated in St. Francis Church,'' Vallejo
street; 5 to-morrow. At 9 o'clock there* will
be a solemn high" mass, ¦ at which the
panegyric of the saint will be preached by
Rev. C.;McMahon. - «c .:
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CUBE OF GONORRHOEA,
Gleets, Strictures and analogous - coo*
Dlatnu of the Organs of Generation.
Price tt * bottle. For sale by druggists.
Motherhood
and the dally household care* demand a mild
tonic for : the : housewife 'and mother. MALT
NUTRINE is best and easiest taken. Hade by
the .Anheuser-Busch Brewliuc Ass'n. That
assures Its n#rit. Sold by. all druggists.
Death of Mrs. Van Schaick.
Mrs. H. S. Van Schaick, the widow of
Li. H/Van Schaick, who was a well known
lawyer of -this ¦ city "and former president
of- the Board of Education, died suddenly
at'the home of her cousin in Amsterdam,
N, -V.. ¦on ¦¦ Sunday^ March .4. Mrs. Van
Schaick' left San; Franci3co to visit her
relatives about a year ago. • •-.?'
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
LAST 3 DAYS'. LAST 3 D-AYS!
NORRIS & ROWE'S BIG TRAINED
ANIMAL SHOWS.
AN UNPRECEDENTED SUCCESS.
Thousands Delighted at Every Performance.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 1:30.
TO-NIGHT AT 8:1$.
LAST PERFORMANXES SUND4Y.
3QO-PERFQRNIING ANiMALS-300
BRING THE CHILDREN
LAST 3 DAYS! LAST 3 DAYS!
PRICES— ADULTS. 25c; CHILDREN, 10c.
ment for Insertion in the daily papers for
ninety days requesting all persona fur
nishing water, or desirous of furnishing
water to the city, to inform the board as
to the value of their plants and the
amount such Individuals or corporations
are prepared to take Tor the same, should
the city decide to take over the manage
ment of Its own water supply.
Conference on Public Utilities.
A conference was held yesterday In the
offices of the Board of Public Works for
the purpose of discussing ways and means
regarding the acquisition of public utili
ties by the municipality. Commissioners
Manson anU Mendell. Chief Engineer
Grunsky and Supervisor Reed were present
and it was decided to frame an advertlse-
FIGHTING TO SAVE
CAPE NOME'S TRADE
Pacific Coast Merchants Endeavor to
Block the Scheme of Canadian
Shipowners at Washington.
For the past few weeks the Chamber of
Commerce and the Pacific Coast repre
sentatives at Washington have been at
work to prevent the authorities at the na
tional capital acceding to the wishes of
British Columbia shippers to have Nome
City a sub-port of entry. It was learned
here that shipowners whose vessels are
flying, the flag of her Majesty have been
advertising, to carry freight and pas&en
gers direct to Nome as soon as the weath
er would permit. No time was lost in urn-
Ing Western Representatives to block the
game, so as to give the owners of Amer
ican coasting vessels the business, which
rightfully belongs to them, vlf Nome is
not made a sub-port of entry British ship,
pers will have to land at Dutch Harbor
or St. Michael iind, send their passengers
and cargoes to the new gold flleds by
American vessels. Senator Perkins and
others have presented the ¦ matter to the
Treasury Department. - receiving the as
surance that Nome "would be held for
American shippers only. - :
Recently, the Republican Represcnta
tives learned that the Canadian shippers
were working to influence the' Treasury
Department to reconsider, the. mattfr, so
as to allow their ships the same opportu
nities as those owned in the United States.
The claim of the Canadian shippers Is that
there are not enough American vessels to
handle the freight.
Captain Nelson of the Chamber of Com
merce yesterday sent the following dis
patch to Secretary of the Treasury Ga»e:
r 'Our merchants and shipowners urgently
request you not to make Nome City a sub
port of entry. They are abundantly tble
to furnish transportation' and supplied for
all^possible wants." ¦' ¦ ¦ .
ft Jf ARRY T. HAMMOND was
n married on Wednesday to Miss
Millie Marich. Both bride and
groom are well known in this
city and their union, though expected
by a few of their most intimate
friends, will come as a great surprise
to many.
The bride is the youngest daughter
of the late Elia Marich, a pioneer mer
chant of San Francisco and a large
property holder in Contra Costa
County. The groom is the son of the
late William T. Hammond, one of the
early settlers of Napa County. For
the last sixteen years Harry Ham
mond has been in the employ of the
San Francisco Call as proof reader. . \
Mrs. H. T. Hammond, nee Marich,
is a tall demi-blonde of striking
beauty.. She combines both the at
tractiveness of charm of person and
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AivrtT SEME2TTS.
f t^^S E 5 rV£? H9> I A ***
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
Every Night Except Sunday. Matinee Saturday.
IMMENSE POPULAR APPROVAL!
CHARLES TROHMAN
Presents WILLIAM 3ILLE7T:'£ GREATEST
COMEDY TRIUMPH.
BECAUSE SHE
LOVED HIM SO ? "«"
With J. E. DODSON and Original N. T. Cant
NUPTIALS OF MISS MILLIE
MARICH AND H. T. HAMMOND
Denta! Parlors
(HISTORY BUILDING),
723 Market St.
(Portland Offlce— Fourth and Morrison Streets.)
SPECIAL !
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TUESDAY AFTERNOON, March 20.
At 1:15 o'clock.
Grand Orchestral Concert!
WALTER DAMROSCH,
CONDUCTOR, and
THE SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
SOLOISTS.
MADAME G.4DSKI
— AND—
MR. D4VID BISPH4M
<By arrangement with Mr. C. L. Graff.)
POPCXJUS PRICES— 7Sr. $1. II 50. %l and »I 50.
Hale Of «fats= wil! be^ln st Sherman. Clay &
Co.s. BATCBOAT MORNING, at 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
NO PAIN! NO GAS!
Teeth extracted and filled absolutely without
pain by our late scientific method. No sle«-i>-
produclnß agents or cocaine. These are the
only Dental Parlors In San Francisco that have
the patent appliance* and ingredients to ex-
tract, fill and apply gold crowns and porcelain
crowns, undetectable from natural teeth and
warranted for 10 years, without the least par-
ticle of pain. Gold crowns and teeth without
plat*R, (rold fllllne* and alt other dental work
done painlessly and by specialists.
SOLD CROWN AND BRIDGE WORK A SPECIALTY
(We guarantee a flt or no pay.)
22-K Gold Crowns $5.00
Gold Fillings..... 1.00
Silver Fillings 50
Teeth Without Plates F.OO
when there Is something to hold back, but
It is impossible to get one when there is
notnlng to bring* up. for if tne exposure
is too Khort then tnere is not sufficient on
the plute to make a picture, and no
amount oi developing will bring out what
is not there.
We shall find that a number of factors
enter into the question of l:ght. The time
of the year, the time of day and tne con
dition of tne atmosphere, the clouda la
the sky, etc., ait or any one of tn<sm may
make decided differences In »ne quantity
und quality of the light.
Subjects that are of an open character
and have no masses of deep shadow near
the camera require snurt exposures,
whereas suDJects with massta oi sr.ado
In the foreground require long exposures.
Where a large portion of the subject is
under trees, as in the case of forest glades
or wooded ravines, very long exposures
may be required, because the greater port
of the light has been filtered through the
green leaves overhead, and this holds
good even though the camera itself Is not
under the trees. The color of the objects
also influences the time of exposure; a
yellow. stone building requires longer ex
posure than one of white stone, and a
red brick building will require still longer.
Interiors of buildings always require
longer exposures than ordinary outdoor
subjects, but they show such great differ
ences, according to the size and posi
tion of the windows and the color of the
glass, that the time required varies from
less than a minute to three or four hours,
or even more. Subjects including a large
¦proportion of sea and sky require, as a
rule, very short exposures. The time of
exposure In the case of portraits varies
very much, and depends on the conditions
of lighting and also on the character of
the effect desired.
The light is most active and the ex
posures required an vnortesfl tn June, and
on a bright day the activity of the light
remains practically the same between 9
a. m. and 3 p. m., and It is equally active
in May and July from ID a. m. to 2 p. m.
In spring and autumn longer exposures
are required, and In winter the time must
be from three to ten times as long as in
June, according to the hour of the day.
The light is least active in December, and
the exposure required becomes shorter
and shorter as we approach June, and
afterward becomes longer and longer until
the maximum is again reached in Decem
ber. The light increases In brightness
from early morning until midday, when
it attains a maximum, and then falls off
again until sunset, the falling off being
considerably more rapid in winter than
In summer. In very early morning and
toward sunset the exposures are always
long, especially if the light la at all yel
low.
When the sun is shining and there are
white clouds in the sky opposite the sun
the exposures needed are shorter. ot"her
things being equal, than when the sky is
perfectly cloudless. A cloud actually In
front of the sun of course lengthens the
necessary exposure very considerably, and
the same Is true in a smaller degree of
light cloudy that do 'not completely ob
scure the sun. Rain clears the atmos
phere of dust, etc., and, other things be
ing equal, less exposure is required after
a shower.
It will be clear that the estimation of
correct exposure requires Judgment and
experience. The conditions are never con
stant and hence numerical tables are only
very approximate, although they afford
some assistance at the beginning. Not
much help can be obtained from actlno
meters because they only measure the
intensity of the light where the photo
graphor is standing, while what we ought
to measure is the Intensity of the light
reflected from the different parta of the
subject. Now and again, and especially
when dealing with interiors, they will tell
us that the light is much yellower and
less active than we should otherwise have
believed.
The photographer must, learn to rely
upon his own judgment, guided by the
nature of the subject, with a special re
gard to the proportion and depth of the
shadows; the apparent brightness of the
image on the ground glass, the time of
year, the time of day and the character
of the light, especially with regard to the
presence of clouds — even light ones — be
tween the sun and earth. Brightness to
the eye is not necessarily a measure of
activity on the photographic plate, and.
aa already pointed out, any yellowness —
even though slight— ln the light length
ens considerably the time of exposure re
quired. Sufficient exposure should always
be given for the dark parts of the sub
ject; the brightly Illuminated parts will
take care of themselves. The exposure
given will also depend on the ' character
of the results required: very short expo
sures increase the contrast and long ex
posures reduce the contrast. If, there
fore, you consider that the contrast of
light and shade in the subject is too
strong for pictorial effect, give a longer
exposure, and vice versa. For example, a
view including whitewashed cottages or
other brilliantly lighted objects, together
with foliage, will require a comparatively
long exposure if harsh contrasts in tbe
negative are to be avoided.
Sprinc Term, 1900.
Mondays — American Political Par
ties. ; ; '¦; >
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons in
French Conversation and Recent Sci
entific Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursday* —
Golden Ages of Literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for Girls.
These courses will continue until
held at their close as a basis for the
granting of certificates. ?
COURSE IN AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHY.
Cdpyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, » FRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1900.
Rival Bivalve Diggers Engage in a Quarrel Which Is Settled in Court.
RUBBER- NECK clams, properly prepared, are
morsels of food that gourmands are said to rave
over. Michael Connell and James Connell, brother
clam-digKers, are not gourmands. In fact, if asked
what gourmands were, they would probably shake
their heads and say that they did not inhabit the mud
flats that surround the bay shore at the foot of Thirty
sixth street. The Connells are conversant with big neck
and little neck clams and the' best time and place to
gather them. They are also experts on landing "rubber
neck" clams. The oldest descendant of the Connell tribe
has beenengagedin this lucrative pastime for such a long
period that when a festive clam stretches its neck out of
the mud to gaze at its surroundings Michael snips him be
fore the bivalve can escape.
The fame of the. Connells as clam-dlggers is not confined
to the district In which they reside. When both appeared
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday to answer to charges of
battery against Fred de Crolx, a rival clam-gatherer, the
bailiff of the court whispered to the Judge that they were
"Its," with capital Is.
Judge Cabaniss did not lose his presence of mind, but
greeted the illustrious clam-diggers with proper feeling.
He invited the defendants and their relentless prosecutors
to chairs and then began an investigation that will go down
In Police Court annals as the "clammiest" Investigation
ever held. Mr. de Crblx, who parts his name In the middle,
told a sad story, of prosecution and suffering. He has a
"clam bed" which adjoins that of the Connells. The clams
on his side of the line have imbibed the bitter feeling, that
exists between the rivals' arid they do not visit each other.
The dividing line between the clam beds shifts with, each
changing tide and this results in warm arguments and
oftentimes blows. ¦
A few days ago De Crolx crossed the dividing line to
remonstrate with 'the- Connells. He was treated unnelgh
borly—in fact, he was thrown Into the ooze that lies at the
foot of the Connell mansion, and as he sank he heard Pat
Malacky and the Connells Veil derisively at his plight.
When . he succeeded' in reaching dry land and had shaken
the clams out of his boots he hied himself to the Police
Court and swore to complaints against both men and Pat
Malacky for giving him a mud bath and the "ha ha."
Judge Cabannls fourd the Connells guilty as charged and
will sentence them to-d?.y: The Connells will to-day prob
ably swear out a warrant for De Crolx's arrest for stealing
their clams.
SPRING EXCURSION
IS OFF THIS YEAR
The promoters of the Manufacturers'
and Wholesalers' League of San Francisco
have decided to abandon the spring ex
cursion this yeaf. Excursions were 'ar
ranged to bring purchasers from all parts
of the continent west of the Mississippi.
The inducement was that the outside
merchants would be allowed a rebate of
one-half their iailroad fare provided they
bought their stock from members of the
league.
Large numbers took advantage of the
offer, but the league found that the out
siders made purchases only in certnin
lines, and that while the wholesalers and
manufacturers of these articles did tvell
the other subscribing members of the
league sold but little and had to stand
thPlr proportion of tho fxivn>p.
JUDGE CABANISS LISTENS
TO A VERY CLAMMY STORY
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
TiwfSiil Stop breakage Piiiilii
jja3ffi&@ of mantles and chimneys. i^S^lj
* JrfANTLE*
The construction of this new mantle, as
wonderful as it may seem, positively prevents
breakage of chimneys in ordinary use. Mantle
is 3 times stronger than any other mantle, and
HRht is 50% greater. •
NO PLATES |£t§«
¦P^^fvß I The Watchdog for the Goldfields*
J /f It bltes when jt barks. It will protect your claim
*^oy^£x\ Ammunition
Ep>|Ho^^nMk\i Always reliable, sold everywhere, Send name and
gßgfpMH @5^J a( 3dress on a postal card for 160-pags illustrated
ESMeJEiSBjffljSsS ' ' i¦ * catalogue. It is free.
L^S IpT^ ) V Winchester Repeating Arms Co., ' .
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
..LAST 3 NIGHTS..
Of Rice's Laughable Musical Comedy,
THE GIRL
FROM PARIS
Monday Night— "THE GRAND DUCHESS."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
PHONE MAIN £32.
Good Reserved Peat In Orchestra. Saturday
Matinee 25a
Branch Ticket Office—Emporium.
¦ i w y Li*
"HOOT MON, CROWDED AS USUAL!"
THIS EVENING IS THE
70th PERFORMANCE
Of the Gr*"at necord-breaklns Comic Opera.
The Idol's Eye.
Evening? at 6. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
TELEPHONE— nu«h ?.
PHONE SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE LAUGHING FARCE COMEDY.
HAVE YOU SEEN SMITH?
Introducing Comedians Who Are Funny.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
(One Week Only.)
MR. HMRRY GLrt-ZIER
And His Excellent Company in a Lavish
Production,
"THREE mUSK-ETEERS."
Handsome Costumes, a Perfect Presentation in
detail. Direct from New York City.
SEATS NOW READY.
PRlCES— Eveninr. lie. 25c. SSe, Me and 73c.
Matinee, 15c, 23c, 25c and SOc.
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
11ATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
A WHIRL OF FUN!
A JOLLY FRENCH FARCE.
PRICES— IScT2Sc, 35c, 50c
NEXT WEEK— Elaborate Production,
"DIPLOMACY !"
SEATS NOW READY.
amm mu_ . m— — — ¦ l_
„ March 15th, 1900
Fancy Vests
Colored Shirts
Necktie Sale
Vests first
Silk mixed — double breasted —
no collar. Fancy flannel — double
breasted— with collar— both of
equal worth — and swell — $3.00 .
kinds— a hummer for $1,75
men from today until sold eac j,
And the Shirts
300 kinds of the dollar kind —
Madras or Percale — new stripes
— fast colors (fact that they're
laundered proves that) — continu-
j ous bands at usual weak points —
a rip-proof improvement— 1 pair
link cuffs thrown in — sizes
14 to 18 — from today ()5c
until sold ...... each
Then the Neckties v
Here's a snap ! — A veritable bar-
gain — a thousand ties of a thou-
sand kinds all in a bunch to-
gether — Tecks, four-in-hands —
just to get you in to see our
busy store we'll make the /5c
J lot beginning today . . each
Shown in the windows
The Red Front
A I. Prager & Sons
Clothiers, Furnishers, Hatters
857-859 Market— opp. Powell
I_, , -
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FIFTH MEETING, Men. 12 to U. Inclusive.
Six high-class running races every week day,
rain or shine, beginning .it 1:30 p. in.
The Idea! winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the' railroad cars into
a mperb grand stand, glass-Inclosed, where,
comfortably housed In bad weather, they can
enjoy & n unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
S:00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m. and 12:11, 12:35, 12-.LO
and 1:25 p.m., returning immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Seats in rear cars re-
served for women and their escorts. No smok-
ing. Valencia street, 10 minutes later.
Han Jose and Way Stations — Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:45 p. m.
RATES— San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track. $1.25.
. W. J. MARTIN. President.
jr. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager. .
SCHOONER VOLANTE ¦aIU April Ist for
NOME and TORK. Tbe captain bas bad long
experience In Bering Sea and promises to land
aa early aa Ice will permit. Chance to proa-
r pect Island* on the ¦ way If desirable. For
freight or passage apply on board. CAPT. M.
WHITE, Bulkhead, between Mission ana
Howard sta. -?"•.•¦•
VIBST DR- JORDAN'S GREAT
MUSEUM OF AHATOMY?
Cl 10E1 M&Ttm ST. UL. fctWtt, STCU. 4
The Ltrcett Anxtomica! Museum In the \
Jill World. Weakneetcs or *ny conntcled M
| gjMB dise»«e pe«l«l»«-ly eared by the oldest T
jfiSSgl Speculisico theCo»u. Ett. 36 years. «
iffiri OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES*
fdtJgßkß Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
I VAjfti Tn itmeni personally or by letter. AM
I |rn| Foi.tne fuiem every case underuk en. - \
B II * Write for Book. PHILttSOPBY «f M
• I* HAliniiUC, MAILED nit, (Af
, .jL . valuable book for mm) , ; , -. _\
OR JUUDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., B. F. f
25c, JOc.
7Sun, Moon and Tide.
* ¦ -*
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and jjavt
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
•Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the . city. . f rent (Mission-street wharf) .about
twcnty-rlve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both plac.s.
FRIDAY. MARCH 15.
Sun rises .'. 6:20
Sun 5et5...... 6:13
Moon rises (full) 0:00 t». m.
NOTE— In the above- exposition of the tides
the early morning 1 tides ¦ are given In the left
hand column- and the successive tides of ¦ thr
day In the order of occurrence an to time. Th»
second* time column gives the second ' tlda of
the day. the; third; time: column the third. tide
and the last or -right' hand column gives the
AYi£ ( York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. March 15.— The principal ln
tenct in to-day's stock market centered In
Fugar. Third Avenue and Burlington. The rest
ol the market gave evidence of come disap
pointment over the noneffect of the currency
tnd refunding law. Prices were sustained for
a time by the strength of the three stocks
mentioned and some others lej« prominent.
I-urlir.irton was most consistently strong and
Kave evidence of manipulation, said to be by
c. pool formed to advance the stock. Its ex
tr»-n.e rise was 1%. It had the most effect on
the other grangers, but served as a tonic on
the whole of the railroad list. The iron and
rteei siooks at- a group were Inclined to flrm
r-uss on the confidence expressed by trade pub
lkatlons in the maintenance of prices. Third
Avenue was leveribh and active all day. Its
strength was attributed by many to operations
_«ainrt a large outstanding short interest,
tnd the stock advanced at one time above 70.
compared with i 9 on a drive at the opening.
The violent fluctuations in the price reflected
the doubtful and conflicting opinions of specu
lators in tho Block. It closed with a net gain
of 2V Sugar was not so erratic and did not
BUM over 60 wide a range, but its extreme
rise uf 3% after tin opening decline gave way
to reaction In the late dealings and it closed
practically uncha.nged. There was a declded
Inollnation to throw over storks by the tired
bolder* in the late transactions and the closing
vas quite acti\e end weak, the early gains
except In a few cas?s being wiped out. Read-
Ing first preferred fell sharply nearly 2 points
on the r-i>'>rts by trad>? authorities of softness
in the anthracite market. People's Gas wan
also eunfjii<-uous in the late break. The gen
«t»!.l expectation of a poor bank statement was
the underlying motive of the selling. The
rate for cail loans was rather easier than yes
terday under the influence of the dividend dis
bursements. The prevailing rate was 5 per cent
and Joans were made at 4 per cent. New York
exchange at Chicago hardened sharply to 10
cent* discount compared with 25 cents yoster
day and there was a similar movement at other
jH'ints. liut the sub-treasury made another
la:pe dralt on the cash reeoorc«_i of the banks
bringing its total withdrawals for th« week
thus far up to $4.723.00n. As the xurplus last
Saturday was tjelow $6.000. 0C>0 and the cur
rency movement is generally believe, to have
bf-en In favor of the interior since then, while
the loans of the banks have evidently been
further expended. It Is difficult to believe that
anything ran be saved in the way of a sur
plus far the basics this week. The report of
a dcScit is bound to have an unfavorable
sentimental effect on prices, however soon re
lief may b_ forthcoming from Increase, bank
circulation or disbursement of Government
bond premiums. London sold stocks in this
market, apparently on account of the condi
tion of the money market there, which is called
stringent, and which the statement of the
I tank of England thowK no prosp«n_s of lm
giruving in the near future.
Business in bonds continued on a large scale,
but prices yielded in some portions of the list.
Total .-:.:«-i-. imr value. $1,820,000.
United St&tes 2s end new 4k declined % "and
the old 4s and 6s U in the bid price.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares '-^tng
Sold. Bid,.
6.700 Atchison
14.737 Atchlson prefd ' q-iZ
2.120 naltimore &. Ohio ;— (it
Canadian Pacific — jp,
Canada Southern " Ay
SCO Chesapeake & Ohio ; _s«4
10h <7hlcago Great Western ", v*.
SO.. r 23 Chicago Burlington * Qulncy im\
310 Chicago Ind «.- Louisville juj
IC2 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 54U
500 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 55'
600 Chicago _. Northwestern 161%
2,9^> Chicago Rock Island & Pacific jom
GOO C C C & St Lou!" ij%
1,240 Colorado Southern 6*»
Colorado Souhterr Ist prefd 41%
Sl«> Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
;¦"¦<¦ Delaware * Hudson 114
- Delaware l-nckawanna & Western. l 77
200 Denver & Rio Grande ; IS%
Denver _fr Rio Grande prefd 71%
S.lO I.rle 12%
2.259 F-rie Ist prefd Z7\
200 Great Northern prefd 157
Hocking Coal 14%
Hocking Valley 32
Illinois Central 113
4CG lowa Central 14
lowa Central prefd 49
150 Kansas City Plttsburg * Gulf 12
Lake Erie A- Western 2&' i
Lake Erie A Western prefd .'S3
Lake Shore I*4
LUG louUrtUe & Na.hvi.U &IM,
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March .... .... C 6
May 66% ' 67 66H 66%
July 67>,i 67% 67 67%
Corn No. 2—2 —
March .... .... 353;
May 37% 37% 37y 4 37*
July 37' i 38% 37H 37<fc
September SS'i 38% gs% 35%
Oats No. 2—
May 24 24 23% 23%
July 23 23 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May ...:..- 1102% 1105 1097% 1097%
July 1102% 1102% 10 95 10 95
Lard, per 100 pounds — - . ,
May 6 C 2% 605 600 6 02%
July 6 12% 6 12% 6 07% 610
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May .6 02% 6 07% 600 6 02%
July 605 6 07% 6 02% 6 C 2%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull: No. 3 spring wheat, 62@66c; No. 2 red,
65%@69c: No. 2 corn, 36% c; No. 2 oats. 23% c;
No. 3 white, 23% c; No. 8 rye, 55c; No. 2 bar
ley. 36%R40c; No. lflaxseed, $1 60; prime timothy'
seed, $2 70: mess pork, per barrel, $10 37%®11;
i lard, per 100 pounds, $5 Ss@s 97%; short ribs si«es
(loose). $5 90®6 15; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
6',4<fj6%c: short clear sides boxed), J6 20@6 35.
Sugars— Cut loaf. 6.95 c; granulated, 5.390. ,
Articles— Receipts. Shloments.
Flour, barrels 94,000 ' 59 000
Wheat, bushels E2.C00 144.000
Corn, bushels 436.000 152 000
Oats, bushels ; 322.000 197000
Rye. bushels 13,000 3 000
Bsrley. bushels 61,000 20.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market w-as easy; creamery, 19@24c: dairy 16
(?22c. Cheese, firm; 12@13c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
_______________
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — s:^
Mexican Dollars 48% 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Quotations -were firm, but there was
no material advance.
Chicago showed a reaction. There was a firm
undertone, with a good speculative and ship
ping demand. 300.000 bushels being taken for
export. More activity Is promised. There are
no cargoes oft the English coast.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 95@'J6Vic milling. 9TH@
SI.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:ls a. m.— May— Sooo ctls,
97UC. December— 4ooo. $1 04V4.
Second Session— May— l4.oCo ctls, 97Hc. De
cember-2000. $1 04. , ' innn
Regular Morning Session— May— 4ooo ctls.
97Vic: SOOO, 97?»c; 52,000, 97% c. ¦ December— SOOO,
$104%. . . . ; 'V-
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY— Is quiet and unchanged.
Feed 75c for No. 1 and 65^72^0 for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 80«g87%c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Beeslen— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No pales.
OATS— The market continues very dull at- the
Ol Whit°e tatl *Tl^l 30: " Red. ' 95c0« 17%; Gray.
11 «ffl IS; Hlnck. »7tV?m 05.
CORN— Eastern White Is ouoted at 97%cff
$1 02% l«r ctl and Eastern Yellow at $I@l lv;
mixed. Slfffl 05 per ctl.
RYE-97V4>®$1 C 2% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
•Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60^3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 49@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 75<£3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour J3 25 per ICO lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meol J2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cqrn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50: Hominy, $3 2SCT3 50: Buck
wheat Flour. $4®» 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina J4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels). $o!g7 25; In sacks. $5 75®
7; Penrl Barley. 55; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$5 50 per 100 lbs. .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
All descriptions are as previously quoted.
BRAN— sl2{fl3 per ten.
MIDDLINGS— $17®20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15®17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $28®27; Jobbing,
$27 50@2S; Cocoanut Cake. $2«Vf?2l; Corn Meal,
$235723 50; Cracked Corn, $23 50024; Mixed Feed,
$15 50: Cottonseed Meal. $23 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7<f/9 for common to good;
$9 50 for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat
and Oat. 16 50© 9; Oat, $6©S; Barley, $5@7; Al
falfa. $fi®7 50 per ten..
STRAW— 2S© 30c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Very dull. Prices as before.
• BEANS— Bayos, $3 30<83 40: small White, $S 15
63 25; large White. J2 90@3 10: Pinks. $2 60®
2 85; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 35®4 65; But
ters, nominal; Lima, $5 15@5 25; Pea, $3 20®
3 40: Red Kidneys, $3 50@4. ¦
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4%®4%c: Flax, $1 90®~2 20; Canary,
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9#loc: Rape, 2%©3 c; Hemp, 4g4%c;
Timothy, 454% c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60@l 90; Green, $1 75
©2 £0 per ctl. ._ »-
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions show little change. Green
Peas are In large supply and weaker. Dried
Okra Is scarce and much higher..
Receipts were 1142 boxes Asparagus, 384 boxes
Rhubarb and 381 sacks Peas.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 70@80c; River Reds,
70<gS0c; Burbanks, 40@70c per pack; Oregon
Burbanks, Csc@sl; Sweet Potatoes, $2 50@2 60
for Merced and $1 25 for Rivers; New Potatoes,
2S3c. • . ..'.-.•
ONIONS— SI 75<g>2 25 per Ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 65cff$l 25 per box;
Asparagus, 75c@T$l "5 per box for No. 2 and $1 50
02 for No. 1 and $2 25 for fancy large; Green
Peas, l«?3c per lb; String Beans, s<3>loc; Cab
bage, 40<3C0c; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $I@l 50;
Egg Plant from Los Angeles. 10c; Dried Okra.
32% c per lb; Garlic. 2%®3%c; Green Pep
pers from Los Angeles. : Dried Peppers. S®
10c; Carrots 25®35c per sack: Los Angeles Sum
mer Squash, $1 25 perTJOx: Marrowfat Squash,
nominal. . .
Poultry and Game.
Poultry rules firm, as supplies continue mod
erate. Good • sound Game Is scarce and : firm,
but there Is some" dumping going on.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l2c for Gobbler!
and ll@l2e for Hens: Geese, per pair. $2@2 25;
Goslings. $2 50^*3 : Ducks, $4@5 for old and $4@5
for young; Hens, $4.5<X!?6: Young Roosters/ $6
©7; Old Roosters, $4 60#5; Fryers, $6; Broilers,
$5(^5 60 for large and $3 50@4 50 for small; Pig
eons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 25©2 50
for Squabs. ' / '
GAME — Hare, " |H!W X: Rabbits. $1 25@1 75;
Gray Geese $2#3; White, $1; Brant. J> oO^ 80;
Honkers. $3@4 per dozen; English Snipe, $2 50®
4; Jack Snipe,' sl 60@l 75.
B titter, Eggs and Cheese.
. Butter Is rather lower again and weak at
the decline. Cheese, continues, easy. ? ?-,' '
There were signs yesterday ! that the fight In
Eggs was less fierce. True, 20c was still quoted
by several ¦ dealers." but i others ; . '. were selling
ranch Eggs down as low as 16® 17c. ' Thepres-
ent conditions will probably ' not last long and
In a . few ¦ days ; the market will doubtless , get
settled again. -Receipts were very heavy again,
being over -33,000 dozen. .
BUTTER— ? .., , ,
¦ ! Creamery— Fancy creamery, 21c; seconds,* 20c.
Dairy— Fancy. 19c;: good to choice,, 17 1 ,i'3'lS%c;
common,- nominal. . • .-'.
¦ CHEESE— Choice mild new, S@S%c; old, 7%c;
Shipping Intelligence.
Chicago Grain Market.
TO SAIL.
new burlnem resulting from the news of the
occupation of Bloemfontein. Dealings fell
away on P"arls vales of African mines and
Tlntos. There was tens trading in the war
loan, but the premium remained at 1%. The
market regards l*i as the minimum premium
since the insurance companies are glad to se
cure the stock at par. I understand officially
that the applicants number 39.0C0, aggregating
£335.000.000. It is reported that the Govern
ment has given Instructions to allot fully
for the £100 lost, others to receive pro rata,
but th^re is a strong feeling that the United
States and the colonies should be treated bet
ter than the big speculators.
Americans were dull, except Atchlson pre
ferred and Erles, which New York bought late.
Copper* were erratic. Tlntos being 53'.i(g64.
New York sold Anacondas, 9%.
The Bank of England bought £18,000 gold In
bars and £11,000 in Scandinavian coin.- Call
money was in good demand, but discounts were
easy, unusually. Of the large amount due the
Bank of England two-thirds was repaid, thanks
to the large Government disbursements. The
Bank of England shows public deposits In
creased £9,500,000; other securities Increased
£7.500.000.
Silver was strong on outside buying. The
Indian Government bought last week £300,000
for coinage. • •
The Bank of Bengal reduced Its discount rate
from 8 to 7 per cent.
CLOSING
Canadian Pacific, 97%; Union Pacific pre
ferred, 76%; Northern Pacific preferred. 'iS'-i;
Atchlson, 244: Louisville. 83%; Grand Trunk,
BV4 : Anaconda, 9%. Bar silver, steady, 27 9-16 d
per ounce. . .
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. March 15.— FLOUR— Receipts.
15.533: exports. 8100; steady but quiet; spring
patents held a little higher on some brands;
winter straits, buyers and sellers about 5c
apart.
WHEAT— Receipts, 159.200 bushels; exports,
65.220: steady; No. 2 red, 77% c elevator: No. 2
red, 79c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern, 79Uc
f. o. b. ; No. 1 hard, FOe f. o. b. Options opened
easy because of . realizing and then developed
a firmer tone on strong cables from Buda
pest. Following this came the afternoon weak
ness based on fears of heavy Argentine ship
ments in spring liquidation. The close was
weak at %»i%o net decline; March closed at
76Hc: May. 73®73Hc, closed at 73c; July closed
at 73c; September, 72!»<g'73%e, closed at 72v»c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDF.S— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Options closed steady in tone with
prices 5#15 points net higher; sales, 17,500 bags.
Including March. $6 75; May, $6 75; July. $6 SO;
September. 16 S."iiS6 90: October. $6 90®6 95; No
vember. J6 95: December, $7 10@7 15. Spot— Rio,
eteady; No. 7 Invoice, SUe; No. 7 Jobbing, B»ic.
Mild— Steady; Cordova. 9%@14c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3400 packages: firm;
Western creamery. 20^?25c; factory, 17f?20c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6273 packnges: firm; West
ern at mark, 16c; Southern. 15@15*ic.
DRIED FRUIT.
The market for evaporated apples, while not
active, developed a decidedly firm undertone,
due largely to the smallness of receipts and
an atstnee of sellers. Country dealings were
about as expected and the market was firm at
previously quoted prices. California dried fruits
were Inactive and dull.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4U<?jr,He; prime. 6<g6',ic; choice, 7@7%c; fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%@7c per
pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 12«15c; Moorpark. tttflSc.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 18©22 c; unpeeled, 7%09c.
Steamer Movements.
Charters.
The J. M. Weatherwax loads lumber at Ta
coma for Honolulu: Lottie Carson, redwood
at Eurrka for Guaytr.as; Poeeldon. wheat at
Portland for Europe, prior to arrival, 40s.
Treasure Shipment.
The City of Peking took out a treasure, list
cf $314,527. coneistlng of $262,727 in Mexican
dollars. $2470 In gold coin. $48,750 in silver bul
lion and $2400 In Guatemalan dollars.
Foreign Exports.
Foreign exports from this port In February
vere $3.605.500. againM $2,465,000 In the same
month laet year. For the first two months of
the year they were $7.19:..Cf0. against $5.%9.700
la(=t * year, the leading destinations being as
fipllcws: Atlantic port*. J6.45.500; Great Britain.
J2.14U.300: China, $407,300; Japan. $937,100; Aus
tralia. ISMM; Hawaiian Island*. $1,851,000;
Mexico. 52L9.500; Central America. $245,600.
Weather Report.
moth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. March 15—6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate. as compared with thoee of the same date
'..m: ceaeun and rainfalls In last twenty-four
Jiours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Kurcka 0.00 43.15 27.79
Re<J Bluff 0.00 1?.4J 13.K5
f-acramento 0.00 15.57 10.61
Kin Francisco 0.00 17.02 8.19
J-Yesno 0.00 7.02 3.91
Independence 0.00 2.42 1.15
Pan Luis Obifpo 0.00 14.61 7.41
Los Angeles Trace 6.55 2 9S
Fan DiegM 0.00 2.12 3.73
Yuina 0.00 0.76 1.34
Sun Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
IS defe-rws; minimum, 49; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
A trough at low pressure extends from Arl
rona through California into Oregon. The pres
ture hae fallen steadily over the northern half
cf the Faclti<- slope. There are as yet no ln
oiratlons of the approach of a storm, but con
ditions are such that should a storm develop
oo the North Pacific it would probably move
rapidly southward along the coast.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary weft of the Rocky Mountains, except
at A«t?rla, where there has been a fall of 24
cejrrefs in the past twenty-four hours.
No rain has fallen on the Pacific Coast.
Forecast made, al San Francisco for thirty
hfjrs en.iing midnight. March 16. 1900.
Northern California— Fair Friday, with heavy
fog along the toast in the morning and in some
of the valleys; llßht northerly winds inland;
westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Friday, with heavy
t"K in the morning along the coast; light west
erly winds.
Nevada — Fair Friday.
Utah— l"alr Friday.
Arizona — F"air Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday.
«rltll heavy fog in the morning: brisk westerly
wirids. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Silver and financial quotations unchanged.
Shipment of $314,927 to China.
Wheat rather firmer. Other cereals dxdl.
Hay, Beans and Feedstuff s unchanged.
Another change in Sugar.
Linseed Oil advanced.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Cheese zveak.
Signs of ivcakaiing in the Egg fight.
Fruit as previously quoted.
Poultry and Game firm.
Provisions dull and easy.
No further change in the Meat market.
Increased exports from this port.
firm; light, lower; mixed and butchers. $4 80@
6 02%.; good to choice heavy, $4 Ss@s 07%: rough
heavy, $4 80(34 90; light, H 75<§4 57%; bulk of
sales. $4 90@5. : . , .
.SHEEP— Receipts. 12,000. Sheep and lambs
generally steady; good to choice wethers, $j i>o
S's 90; fair to choice mixed. $4 75®5 35; Western
sheep. $5 40@5 SO; yearlings. $3 S(Xf?6 40; -native
lambs, $5 50<57 25; Western lambs, $6@7 15.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORJC, March 15.— Business was gen
erally slack in the metal market to-day. Tin,
however, advanced 50 to 75 points from yester
day's close of $33 and ruled firm all day on the
rise of£3 7s In London, closing here at $33 50
bid and $34 asked. Copper, although higher at
London, was quiet here, closing unchanged at
$16 35. Pig .iron warrants continued dull. Lead
remains dull at $4 70@4 75,- closing quiet. Spel
ter was also unchanged, closing at $4 60 bid and
U 67% asked.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 45 and for
copper $16 60. .
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, March 15.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day amounted to 971G
bales. The home, trade and America were the
chief buyers, the Continent showing less in
terest. Crqssbreds were in no keen request for
Yorkshires and America. A quantity of
merinos was withdrawn. Lambs were well
supported. The scales are scheduled to close
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., March 15.— The wheat mar
ket continues to drift with buyers and sellers
apart 'in the strictest sense of the term. Sales
are few In number and of small proportions and
the prices paid are around 62@530 for both,
valley and Walla Walla, with a preference
shown for the latter.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 77.600 bushels.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, March 15.— N0 change in wheat.
Club, 60% c; bluestem. 62% c.
Portla)\d's Business.
PORTLAND. March 15.— Clearings, $*25.060:
balances. $36,673.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. March 15.— Consols, 101 3-1601O1H:
sliver, 27 9-16 d; French rentes, 102f 7%c. Wheat
cargoes off coast." nothing doing; cargoes on
passage, rather easier; cargoes Walla Walla,
27s 7%d; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL— Wheat firm; wheat in Paris,
q'ulet: flour In Paris, dull; French country
markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, '. 5%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 Northern spring,
6s 2%d. Futures, dull; March, nominal; May,
5s ti^.l: July, :.« B%d.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
3s ll%d; old. 3s ll*;d. Futures, steady; May,
3s 11 %d; July, 3a 10% d.
» T*
20 Equitable Gas '. 3 73
10 Giant Powder Con S5 00
10 Giant Powder Con 84 CO
CO Hana Plantation C 0.... '....,,..:. S 73
V.!) Market Street Rai1way........ 62 62%
35 Mutual Electric Light ID 50
40 Oaklan.l Gas « 00
$4000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 112 23
li» Oceanic Steamship Co 95 00
13 Paauhau S P Co 23 00
2. r » S*P Gas & Electric C 0... 54 12%
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 00
Street— -
100 Hutchlnson'S P Co 26 62%
$3000 Spring Valley 6s 1H 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
70 Contra Costa Water £3 62%
0 Giant Powder Con »3 00
5 Giant Powder Con 81 £0
$200<> Los Angeles Railway as 10« ;J
$500') Market Street Cable 6a 123 10
$3)00 Oceanic Steamship Co Bonds 100 2j
' 35 Paauhau S P Co '" ** 22
4i) S F Gas & Electric Co »¦» J>
100 S F Gas & Electric Co.. »* «%
20 S F Gas ft Electric Co, s 90 a' J»
30 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 10 M IZ%
$1300 S P of C 6s (1905) "1 w
Street—
$COOO Los Angeles Railway 5s •• 105 25
500 Market Street Railway »3 00
100 Presidio R R 1( > w
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornin; Session.
Board — : ¦/',-'
No sales.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Buckhorn * 0"
60 Home Oil « »»
• CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
160 Barker Ranch ••••• 1 £•>
300 Anaconda W
Afternoon Session.'
¦ Board—
100 Barker Ranch 115
400 Anaconda M>
MINING STOCKS.
The following- were the sales In th» San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day.
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 3S| 500 Ophir 79
700 Caledonia 123 100 Overman 33
300 Chollar 22 100 Overman 34
100 Con Cal & Va..l 60 5C> Overman 33
100 Confidence 80 200 Savage 14
100 Crown Point... 14 200 Sierra Nevada. 56
100 Hale & Norc... 30 100 Utah 10
300 Mexican 27 100 Yellow Jacket. 19
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 3l( 100 Con New York 04
ICO Caledonia 1 20 COO Overman 33
100 Challenge 24 ICO Savage 14
60 Con Cal & Va..l 65| ICO Silver Hill OS
The following were the sales in th* Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher 381 100 Ophlr 81
200 Caledonia 1 25 i 900 Overman 34
• 100 Challenge Con.. 26 1 SCO Potosl 21
ICO Challenge Con.. 25 50<> Potosl 22
200 Con Cal & Va..l 65 100 Sierra Nevada. 65
600 Con Imperial... 0? 200 Silver Hill W
500 Con Imperial... 01
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 31) 200 Crown Point... 15
IUO Caledonia 1 15-j 200 Overman 33
50 Caledonia 1 20 300 Silver Hill OS
100 Con Cal &. Va..l so| 400 Utah 11
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, March 15—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 OolKentuek C 2 03
Alta 05 07 ; Lady Wash .... 02 —
Andes 11 12, Mexican 25 27
Belcher 31 32 Occidental 13 15
Best & Belcher 35 3S'Ophlr 78 SO
Bullion 02 OVOverman 32 S3
Caledonia 115 1 2'), Potosl 22 23
Chollar 21 23, Savage 13 13
Challenge Con.. 23 24! Scorpion — C 2
Confidence S3 S4'Seg Belcher 04 0-3
Con Cal & Va..l 55 1 60' Sierra Nevada. 65 67
Con Imperial... — C 2 Silver Hill 07 CS
Con New York. — 01) St Louis — 12
Crown Point... 14 15 Standard 300 —
Exchequer 02 04|Syn«ilcate 'C 6 —
Gould & Curry. 16 17 Union Con 21 23
Hale & Norc... 23 301 10 11
Julia — C2JYellow Jacket. IS 20
Justice ...'. 07 OS|
Young America, 9@loc; Eastern, 15@16c; West
ern, 13%®15c per lb. . *
EGGS— Quoted at 14®15c for store and 16@lSc
per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Several chests of Strawberries came In from
Watsonvllle and one of them was new crop
Mollndos, selling at $B@3 per chest. Otherwise
there was nothing new.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—: „
APPLES— SO©7Sc ncr . box for common, $15?
1 60 for good to choice and $t 75©2 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 £OW2 7.i
per box; Seedlings. 75c«J$l 50: Lemons. JIRI 50
for common and $2?i2 50 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes. $5 SOfifi; California Limes. 60®
7oc; Bananas $1 25*i 2 50 per bunch; Pineap
ples, $3 50®4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4®4%c for
40-50's. 3!?3%c for 60-60's, 3®3%c for CO-70s,
SVic for 70-SO's. 3c r for 80-90' s and 2%c for 90
100's; Apricots, 11@12%c for Royals. 12%@15c
for Mooroarks and ¦ 12©13% c for Blenheims;
Peactips, C'4<g6c for Standards, 6%@6?ic for
choice and 7@Se for fancy: Peeled Peaches, 10@
12% c; Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried, 5@
5%c per lb: Nectarines, SigDc; Pears. 3%4M%c
for dark" and 7@Sc for bright halves; Black
Fit's, 2@2«4c; White Figs. 2(g>3c: Bleached
Plums, S®'Jc: unbleached • Plums, 707% c for
pitted and l%c for unpitted. . . *
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. 9c; standard. Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, S%c; choice, 7%c: standard, 6%c;
prime, £c; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless.
50-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatel?, 5%c;
3-crown, 6'4c: 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown; $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California. - . ¦
NUTS— Chestnuts, B@9c; Walnuts, B@9c for
standards and 9@loc for softshells; Almonds.
11%@12c for paper shell, 9@loe for soft and 4@
6c for hard shell; Peanuto, l\®Z\c for Eastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts. 7%@Bc; Fil
berts, 12®12%c; Pecans, ll@lSo: Coccanuts,
$4 60@5. . -
HONEY— Comb. 11%@12c for bright and 10%@
lie for light amber; water whlto extracted.
7*&e: ¦ light amber extracted. 7%@7%c; dark,
5%®6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®2fic per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy. 9%c for light medium. 10% c for light. 12c
for extra light and 13c for suear-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13c: California Hams,
nominal; Mess Beef. $12 50 per bbl; extra Mess,
$13; Family, 414: extra Prime Pork. $14 50: extra
clear. $16 50; Mess, $15 50; Smoked Beef, 12% c
per lb. , ,
, LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%@7c per lb for
compound and 'Xo for pure; half barrels, pyre,
Sc: 10-lh tins. B%c: 5-lb tins. S?lc.
COTTOLEN'E— Tierces. "T4SS%c per lb; 10-Ut
tins, 9%c. .
Hides, Tallozv. Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
10% c; medium, 9%c: light, 9%c; Cowhides, 9%c;
Stairs. 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Calf, 9%@10c; Dry
Hides, sound, 18c; culls and brands. 15c; Dry
Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf, 19e: Sheepskins,
yearlings. 15<530c each; short Wool, 35«60c
each; medium. 70©!>0c: long Wool. $I®l 25
each: Horse Hides, $2 25<JT2 75 for large and 75c
Qt\ 75 for small; Colts. 50c.
TAI.LOW— No. 1 rendered, 5?f5%e per lb: No.
2, 4«4V.c; refined, 6%c; grease, 2%@3c
WOOL—
Fall clip. San Joaquln plains. S^lOc: South
ern. S^iOc; Middle County. Ilffl3c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 17® 20c: Eastern Oregon, 13®
10c; Valley Oregon. 18@'2Oc: Northern Mountain,
free. UffHc; Northern Mountain, defective, 10®
He per lb.
HOPS— 6%ig:ioc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 6<4«77c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6<?loc vr lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. B<iJB%c; ewes, 7%t?Bc per
lb.
LAMB— Spring. lO^lle per lb.
PORK— Live Hoes. sv»c for small and me
dium and SHfiS^c for large; stock Hoga and
feeders, sU@s%c; dressed Hogs, 7@S%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6H@6%cj Wool Bags, 28%@32%c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c. I
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; new Welling
ton, $8: Southfleld Wellington. $7 50: Seattle,
$6 60; Bryant, $6 50: Coos Bay. $0 50; Wallsend,
$8; Co-operative Wallsend, $S: Scotch, ;
Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 50 in Fack«:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel, $11
per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In
sacks.
LINSEED OIL— Is higher at B3c per gallon
.or raw and 71c for boiled In barrels; cases.
5c more.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany has altered Its Quotations and now
quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags: Cubes. A Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 5.50 c; Powdere<s, 5.50 c;
Candy Granulated, 5.10 c; Dry Granulated Fine,
sc: Confectioners' A, sc; Magnolia A. 4.60 c;
Extra C, 4.50 ci Golden C. 4.40 c: Domlnos. half
barrels. 5.75 c; boxes, 6c; barrels, .10c more;
half barrels, ,25c more; boxes, .50c more; 50-lb
bags. .10c more, for all kinds. No order taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. -
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, MARCH 15.
Flour, qr sks 13,419jSugar. sks 2,000
Wheat, ctls ..... 8.200 Sugar, bbls 29«
Barley, ctls 4,4Ss!Llme. bbls IS2
Oats, ctls 270; Quicksilver, risks ' 18
Corn, East, ctls.. COOiPelts, bndls 75
Rye. ctls ISO! Hides. No 326.
Butter, ctls fiis; Leather, rolls ... 76
Cheese, ctls 236 V.'me, gals ....... 53.450
Tallow, ctls 24S|Wool, bags 112
Potatoes, sks 2,670 Eggs, doz 33,060
liran. *ks l.lSSjHay. tona 574
Middlings, sks ... 1,1031
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 2,lS*.Oats. ctls I.JGO
' »
* : *
THE STOCK MARKET.
* : *
On the morning session of the Bond Ex
change the only change worthy of note was a
decline in Giant Powder to $S4. Business was
quiet. ...-.'-
In the afternoon Giant Powder declined to
$S1 and Market-Street Railroad advanced to
The oil stocks were unchanged.
The California Fruit Canneis' Association
has declared the second dividend of 60 cents
per share, payable on the 20th.
The Potosl Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 15 cents per share, delinquent
The Confidence Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 20 cents per share, delinquent
The Horseshoe Bar Consolidated Mining Com
pany of Placer and El Dorado counties has
levied an assessment of 2 cents per share, de
linquent April 14.
The following dividends were paid yesterday:
Kilauea, 25 cents; Oakland. San Leandro anil
Hay wards Railroad. 20 cents; Oakland Gas,
25 cents; Pacific and Sunset Telephone, the
unual monthly dividends; California. Powder
Works, $1. .- .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, March 15-2 p. m.
Bld.Ask.i Bid. Ask.
U"8 Bonds— Eqult G L Co., 3»4 f/L
4s quar c0up. .114% — Mutual El Co.'lOV llvJ
4s quar reg... — 114>i OG L & H.... — &o^
4s quar new. .136 — Pac Gas Imp.. 54
2s quar c0up. .110% — Pac LCo 44 45
Miscellaneous— . SF G & E... £3*; 54
Cal-st Cab 65. 117 ¦ — San Francisco. 4>, *X
C C Wat 55... 105 — Stkn G&ECo 10 —
Ed L & P 65. .129 — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 63.. — 115 Flrem's Fund. 226% —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks —
HC & S 5%5.105 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 63
Do 5s .... H'6% — Bank 0f , Ca1... 4021; —
L A Ky 05.... 105^105% Cal SD & T..100 —
L A I- Co 55.. — — First Natlonal.2so 305 '
Do gntd 65.. — — Lon P & A. ...130 —
Do gntd 55.. — 103 Merchants' Ex 14 —
LA & P R 55.102Vi102* 4 Nev Nat Bk.. — _
Market-st 65.. — — Savings Banks-
Do Ist M ss:ll6}i — |Ger S & L..1300 _
NCN G It 78.1C-6 — Hum S & L.. — _
NR of Cal 65.113 Vi — Mut Say Bk. 45 _
Do Ds .... 106 107 S F Say U.. 507U —
NPC R R 65.133U — Say & L So. 74 78
Do 5s ........106Vi107 Sec Say Bk. — —
NC R R 55. ...109 ,— . Union T Co. — " _
OakGLAH6s.lt! - ' Street Railroads—
Oak Tran 65. ..112 — California - ....Il9sii*iu'
Oak WCo 55.. 105 — Geary-st 50 _
Oceanic S C0.. 105^1 — • i Market-st Ry. 6*^. a
Oni C Ry 63...127%12S -!O S L & H.... — iij
P&CI Ry Cs..lo4Hlo^;Presldto ....... 15 _
Pk & O Ry 6s. — Powder Stocks— -
Powell-st R fe.U7 — California 150 160
SacLG&R sb: tO — Giant Con Co.v 80V. SUI
SF & SJV 55.117 — Vigorit ........ 2>i>2*i
SR of Cal 6s. 113 ¦". — • Sugar Stocks - ; .'."
SPof A 65. ..11 l — Hana SP. Co. S\ 9
SPC Ca (IMS) — — Haw C&S Co.. S«i —
Do 1906) -....J12 113 Honokna S Co. 31 S'
Do (1912)1.... — — Hutch S P Co. 26U 27
Do Ist cs ss. ¦—;—•• Kilauea S Co.. 2Hi 2iU
S P llr 65. ....127 128% Makawell SCo 47 4SU
S VVWater6s.lH 114>4 Onomea S Co.. 23 —
-- Do 45*..'... ...104 — -- Paauhau S Co."2JT»
SV W 45(3dm)102 — . Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 6a. .100 ,104" Al Pnck Assn. 113 ; —
Wnter Stocks •' Oil Fruit Asn.lQO 102
Contra' C05ta... 63*4 C3?l Mer Ex Assn. — 100
Martn County. — — Oceanic S- Co.— 95U
Spring Valley. 98% 09 : Pao A F A:...: 2- — ¦
.Gas &; Electric— ¦• : Pac C Bor C0.H7% — :
Cent ft L Co.. - — . Par Paint Co.. 10 ' —
Cent L & P... — •<%...-.
' . Moinln. Session.
.... Board—.' ¦¦'"' "."..*
70 Contra Costa Water ,64 00
2.". Contra Costa Water. ..." 63 75
Co Contra Costa Water 63 5C
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July
Opening 6 9% B RH
Closing 6 9% 6 B*4
VTheat- ¦ Mar. ' May- Aug.
Opening 1995 20 85
Closing 1995 2076
Flour-
Opening 25 90 26 95
Closing 25 75 .26 85
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. March • 15.— CATTLE— Receipts,
SOOO. General market- steady; natives, ; good to
prime steers, . $4 90@5 SO; poor to medium, $4®
4 CO: selected feeders, active, $4 10^4 80; -mixed
stockers, S8 30(58 90; -. cows, $334 25; heifers
strong, $3 10®3 50; canners, $2 4002 90; bulls, $3
«?4 20; calves, $4 60#7; Texans, ; receipts 1000'
Texas fed steers eteady to strongi .$3 85@4 80-
Texas bulls, steady, $3 20<g3 70. j * > '
H HOGS— Receipt* to-day, 27,000; 'estimated to
morrow, 25,000. Average, -steady;: good heavy.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. March IS.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. 15 hour* from
Mendoclno.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. 14 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs. 20 hours from Rockport.
Stmr GlDsy.«Leland. 27 hours from Monte
rey, etc.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. 47 hours from Port
Los Anzeles.
Stmr Alcazar. Carlson. 50 hours from San
Schr J Epplnger, Nyman. 20 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Schr Neptune, Johnson. 13 days from Gray*
Harbor.
Schr W F Jewett. Johnson. 13 hour* from
Knapton.
CLEARED. ¦ .
Thursday. March IS.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkong and
Yokohama, via Honolulu; Pacific Mall S 8 Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, Eureka; Chaa Nel
son.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle: GoodalL
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Robert Adamson. Morgan. Nanaimo;
John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. Comoz; R Duns
mull's Sons Co.
Ship Shenandoah, Harvey. Sydney; Eddy,
Chapman. Falk & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. March 15.
Stmr Thistle. Anderson. Bristol Bay.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith. Honskang and
Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett. Ventura.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka.
U S etmr Hugh McCuiloch. Coulson. Monte
rey.
Nor stmr Leander. Olsen. Vladivostok. Ti»
Tacoma.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Nanaimo.
Brig Lurllne, TurlofT, Kahului.
Schr Prosoer. Brandman. Bristol Bay.
Schr Lizzie Prlen. Hansen. Coqutlle River.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Fort Ro*s.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 15. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN
March — , lat 46 N, lon 33 W— Br ship Dram
burton, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
USAL— Sailed March 15— Stmr Navrro. for Saa
Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived March 15— Br »tmr
Carmarthenshire, from Hongkong.
TACOilA— Sailed March 13— Bktn Quickstep,
for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Sailed March 14— Stmr Homer.
for San Francisco, via Eureka.
UMPQUA— SaiIed March 13— Schr Sadie, for
San Pedro: schr Louise, fcr San Pedro.
SEATTLE— PaIIed March 14— Stmr* City cf
Seattle, for Skaguay; stmr Dlrlgo. for Pkag
uay. March 15— Stmr Mackinaw, for San Fran
° BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived March 15—
Echr Newark, hence March 14.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 14— Schr James
II Bruce, from Tacoma. March 15— Stmr Cle
one. from ; stmr San Pedro, hence March
13. '-.::¦:
Sailed March 15— Stmr Luella. for San Fran-
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed March 15— Schr
Defiance, for Tacoma.
EUREKA— SaiIed March 13— Stmr Samoa, for
San Frenclsco; stmr Del Norte, for Sail Fran
cisco.
Arrived March 15— Stmr Homer, from Coos
Bay.
ASTORlA— Arrived March 14— Stmr Despatch,
hence March 11. March 13— Br ship Isles of
Arran. from Santa Rosalia; bark. Harvester,
hence Feb 21. •
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed March 15—
Haw stmr San Mateo. for Nanaimo.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed March 13— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NKW YORK— Sailed March lt-Stmr AHI
anca, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed March 12— Br shlD Ca
bul, for Seattle.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed March 15— Stmr Cura-
Ciio. fcr Guayrr.as.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Marrh 13— Br itmr Em
press »>; Japan, for Vancouver.
AUCKLAND— Arrived March 15— Stmr Ala
rafrta. fcence Feb 21. .
ALCOA BAY— Arrived March 14— Br ship
William Tlllie. hence D*c 16. .
MANILA— Sailed March 15— Br stmr Tartar,
for San Francisco, via .Nagasaki. March 14—
Br stmr Victoria, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN-Salled March 15— Stmr Bel
geniaad, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia: stmr
Teutonic, from Liverpool, for New York.
HREMEN-rArrlved March 15— stmr Saale.
from New" York.
GENOA— Arrived March 15, 4 p m— Stmr Kai
ser Wllhelm 11. from New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived March 13— Stmr Rot
terdam, frmn N^w York, via Plymouth.
PALERMO— Arrived March 15— Stmr Au
gust c Victoria, from Constantlnccle.«for New
York.
MANILA— Sailed March 13— Stmr Victoria,
from Honic&r.ng, for San Francisco.
NEW .YORK— Sailed March 15— Stmr State ot
Nebraska, for Glasgow; stmr Fuerst Bismarck,
for Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
Arrived March 15— Stmr II H Mel«r. from
Bremen. . *
LOCAL MARKETS.
TO ARRIVE.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Henrietta and Benjamin H. Levy to Harriet
L. Levy, lot on N line of O'Farrell street, 150:3
E of Van Ness avenue. E 27:6 by N 120; gift.
R. Nelson Brown to Martha E. Brown, lot on
N line of Washington street, 155:9 W of Bu
chanan. W 25:3 by N 127:6; gift.
J. P. and Catherine Verges to Jean and Marie
T. Errecard. lot en N line of Clay street. 75
E of Stelner, X 25 by N 102:S',{: $10.
Larz A. Smith to Julia C. Smith, lot on S
line of California street. 106:3 W of Baker, W*
25 by S 137:6; gift.
French Savings "Bank to Jules Dlsdler, lot
on Sw corner of Sixteenth and Hardy streets,
W 30 by S 85; $5500. • .
Susan B. and Charles E. Jones to Ellen M.
Goodwin (wife of P. F.). lot on W line of
Guerrero street, 50 S of Twenty-fourth. S 50 by
W 125; also lot on S line of Twenty-fourth
street, 123 W of Guerrero. W 25 by S 125; 510.
Henry O. Llebscher to Augusta Llebscher. lot
on NW corner of Twenty-fifth (Yolo) and Kan
sas streets. N 27 by W 100; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
George and Katharlna Samsrelther (owners)
with Carl Schutt (contractor), architect H. Gell
f uss — Excavating, brick, carpenter and mill
work, roofing, etc., for a two-story and three
story frame structure (five flats) on NE corner
of Herman and Webster streets, N 37:6 by E
87:6'; $6960.
Same owners with Henry Hufschmldt (con
tractor), architect same— Plumbing, gas fitting,
sewering, etc.. for same on same; $1593.
Lena Kennedy (owner) with Home Manufac
turing Company (contractors), architects Curiett
& McCaw — Wood work, glass, glazing, skylight
work, nlumbing. gas and electric work for store
In Butler building on SW corner of Geary and
Stockton streets: JI4SO.
Mrs. Helene Strybing (owner) with Richard
son & Gale (contractors), architects E. Kollo
frath and Lionel Deane — Excavations, brick and
sandstone work for alterations and additions to
a two-story attic and basement frame build
ing at 2311 Scott street, between Washington
and Jackson; $HSS.
Same owner with John Furnesa (contractor),
architects same — House raising. carpenter
work, glazing, hardware, j except plastering,
painting, heating, electric work and marble
work for same on same; $6295.
Same owner with H. Williamson Company
(contractors), architects same— Gas fitting and
plumbing for same on same; $1627.
Herbert E. Law (owner) with C. M. Depew
(contractor), architect Albert Sutton— All work
required for altering and making additions to
a story frame house, changing same into flats,
on SE corner of Lombard street and Van Ne33
avenue. E 110:S% by S 35; $4100.-
Fannie Arnheim, widow (owner), with John
Wllkman . (contractor), architect Herman S.
Arnheim -(superintendent)— All work for a two
story frame dwelling with brick foundation on
W line of Florida street. 104 S of Twentieth. 3
28 by W 100: 12650.
Charles E. Fcye (owner) with James E. Brltt
(contractor), architects Tharp & Holiness-Rough
and finished plumbing, hot and cold water anil
Gas piping for a- building on S line of Fulton
street, 55 E of Fillmore, E 61:6 by S 137:6; Jll3O.
Miss Mary Smith (owner) with L. T. Fenn
(contractor), architect Charles M. Rousseau
All work for alterations and additions for
changing a two-story frome building Into two
flats on N line of Twentieth street, 37:6 W of
San Carlos* avenue (Jessie street), W 37:6 by
85; J3257.
William A. "Bahr (owner) with A. F. Hell
muth (contractor), architects Curiett & McCaw
—Brick, carpenter. Joiner and mill work, plas
tering, tinning and patent flues: also raising of
roof for an additional story to a two-story
frame building at 522 Valencia street (W Valen
cia. 226 S of Sixteenth. S 24 by W SS) : $1470.
2.755 Manhattan Elevated 93%
16,095 Metropolitan Street Railway 163*
8,7*0 Mexican Central 12%
110 Minneapolis & St Louis 62
300 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 93
7.200 Missouri Pacific 44%
Mobile & Ohio 44%
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 3_H
100 New Jersey Central 115
1.7C0 New York Central 134
1.635 Norfoik & Western 32Vi
1,185 Norfolk & Western prefd it
2.300 Northern Pacific S2Ti
500 Northern Pacific prefd 73»i
2.520 Ontario & Western 23
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
4.050 Pennsylvania 134%
2tf> Reading 1714
9,370 Reading Ist prefd 56U
SCO Reading 2d prefd 28' i
Rio Grande Western 53%
100 Rio Grande Western prefd Sit
: 200 St Louis & San Fran lO'.i
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd CS
til Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 34>«
St Louis Southwestern 11
150 St Louis Southwestern prefd 29V.
16,004 St Paul 122 T.
St Paul prefd 173
St Paul & Omaha 1074
•4.700 Southen Pacific 37 s *
L6iO Southern Railway 13
1.762 Southern Railway prefd 57 T £
400 Texas A Pacific 16>i
6.950 Union Pacific 49
2,310 Vnion Pacific prefd 74%
Wabash 6»_,
Wabash prefd 20
EDO Wheeling & Lake Erie 9%
220 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 26*;
350 Wisconsin Central IS
Express Companies—
....... Adams 114
American ...146
United States 44
Wells Fargo 122
Miscellaneous—
100 American Cotton Oil .' 33%
American Cotton Oil prefd 94
Arrerican Maltlns 5
-".0 American Malting prefd 24%
275 Am Smelting & Refining 3S»*
400 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 91
American Pjilrits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
6.450 American Steel Hoop 33* i
American Steel Hood prefd M)
2,3-Vl American Steel & Wire 55»i
€20 American Steel & Wire prefd 91
Z. 095 American Tin Plate 33".;
100 American Ttn Plate prefd SO
S.SCO American Tobacco 104*4
American Tobacc"o prefd 135
I.4rj() Anaconda Mining Co 45%
26.425 Brooklyn Rapid Transit G7*i
100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 43»«
243 Continental Tobacco 29' i
" Continental Tobacco prefd, ex dlv.. S2»*
«.62n Federal Steel 49%
21S Federal Steel prefd 73
370 General Electric 125
450 Glucose Sugar 52
Glucose Surar prefd 98
f.OO International Paper l<i%
2<~'O International Paper prefd, ex dl\'.. C 2
450 I.acl»de Gas 77
National Biscuit 35*;
National Biscuit prefd 91%
110 National 1-ead 23%
National Lead prefd jf,4
SOO National Steel 44*;
3,4% National Steel prefd 95%
150 New York Air Brake 124H
North American .... I 4" g
Pacific Coast 50
Pacific Coast Ist prefd SO
Pacific Cnart 2d prefd 60
1.6.V) Pacific Mall 37
1.,.*65 People's Gas w%
Pr»Fsed Steel Car 62« i
Pressed Steel Car prefd 54%
IV> Pullm.in Palace Car IS4
t'-n Standard Rope & Twine 6V4
E5..29 Sugar 101 ,4
Pucar prefd 109
2.175 Tennessee Coal _.- Iron 92%
1.3 M United States Leather II
JSt I" B leather nreM. ex dlv 71
S4r. United States Rubber 27%
2M United State? Rubber prefd SS
I.C-4H Western I'nion X2"4\
7^l Republic Iron & Steel siu
200 Republic I & g prefd. ex div fis'
P C C & St Louis 66V4
401,500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S ref 2s when Is- !M X & T 2ds 66U
sued lCtf^lM X & T 4s 91V.
U S 2s reg 101 VN V Cent 15t5......11:ji{
U S 3s reg 111^'N J Cent gen 55. ..123
L S 3s coup lllVilN Carolina 6s 127
U S new 4« reg 135 |N. Carolina 4s 106
U S new is c0up. .135 ,'N Pacific 3s C6T.
U Sold 4s reg 116V 4 |x Pacific 4s 105
U S old 4s coup... -.117^ N V H & S L 45. .108
L Sss reg 116 jN & W con 4s 95=-;
L Sus coup 116 N& W een 6s 136
Dls of Col 1.655. ...120 Or Nay lsts 10S
Atchlson gen 4* 101 Vi ,Or Nay 4s 102U
Atchlson adj 45.... 83 Or Short Line 65..127i±
Canada So 2<lh 107 Or S Line con ss.U3^
Ches & Ohio 4<45.. 97 Reading gen 45.... 95
Chf-s & Ohio 5s HS*i It Q W lsts <»»U
9. £ £?'- con '* - 142 JS L & I M con oe.lllVi
C & NW SFdebss.l2l |S L & S F cen 65. 120
Chicago Term 45.. Mist Paul cons.. . 167*1
D&. R G.lsts 103%:S PC & P 15t3...11f14
Ii &UQ 4S 99 SPC£ P 5s 1205
E T Va & Ga lsts.lOl'i Southern Ry Js... lioii'
Erie General 4r.... 7\% stand R &; T 65.... 70
F W & DC lsts.. 70 ;Tenn new set 3s 95
General Elec 55.. .116% Tex & Pac lsts....HsU
G H &. S A 6s 10S jTex & P»c 2d5.... 55
G H & S A 2d5....107V4 Union Pacific 45..10:,»;
H & T C 5s HOiiWabash lsts 11l
H i T C con 65. ..110 IWabash 2ds 100
lowa Cent lsts. ...ll4%: West Shore 4s 11314
X C P & G lsts.. 72Vi*V.'|s Cent lsts W%
La new cons 45. ...107 |Va Centuries 8»>1
L & N Unl 4s 98*1 1 Va deferred 10
So Pacific 4s 83UiColo £ So 4s 83
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 21; Ontario 8 S7
Crown Point HjOphlr 7-,
Con Cal &Va . 1 45J Plymouth 12
I lead wood 65; Quicksilver 1 50
Gould &. Curry 14 Do prefd 7to
Hale &. Norcross... 25! Sierra Nevada CO
Homestake 50 00 j Standard ; 2 95
Iron Silver CS|Un!onCon '. jo
Mexican 23' Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (Union Pacific 43
Call loans 3%/jh% Union Land 2
Time loans 4 ®-5 West End 94
Stocks— Wisconsin Central. 16
Atch T& St Fe.. 23^4 Bonds—
Do prefd <7H Atchlson 4s 99
American Sugar. ..lOl'.i N E Gas & Coke 5s 61H4
Do prefd 109 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 314»4 Adventure 414
Boston & Albany. .23S iAllouei Mln C 0.... 2
Boston Elevated 117 Amalg Copper 94
Boston & Maine tv*3 (Atlantic J314
Chi B & Q 126' i, Boston & M0nt. ."294
Dominion Coal 43 !Butte & Boston... 61
Federal Steel 49V£iCalumet &-Hec1a..730
Do prefd 73 Centennial 1714
Fltchburg prefd.. ..131 [Franklin 141J
General Electric. ..l2SV*!Osceola 64H
Do prefd 127 iParrot 4414
Ed Elec 111 2C5 jQulncy 130
Mexican Central... 13 St FcCopper 514
N E Gas & Coke... 17 Tamarack .........175
Old Colony, ex d1v.205 Utah Mining 28
Old Dominion 16 Iwinona .... 2%
Rubber 27*; j Wolverines 40
New' York Money Market.
NEW YORK, March 15.— Money on call firm
at 4@5 per, cent; last loan. 4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 6©5% per cent. Sterling ox
change Irregular, with actual business in bank
ers' Mils at $4 85H for demand un<l at $4 si;
for sixty days; posted rates, 5« 83% and 54 87.
Commercial bills, ii fl',.;M Sl-V Silver cer
tificates. CO'iQClUc Bar silver. SMJc. Mexican
dollars, 47^4 c. Government bends, weak; State
bonds, strong; railroad bonds. Irregular.'
Cash in the Treasury.
"WASHINGTON. March IS.— To-day's state"
ment of the condition of the treasury shows-
Available cash balance. $U«.645.R78; gold, ex
clusive Of the reserve, $95,514,365.
London Market.
NEW YORK. March IB.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London • financial cablegram says:
The market* here opened barely steady, no
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
THESAN FEANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH' 16, 1900.
AUCTION SALES
GRAND EXHIBITION
— -AND
A UCTIONSALE
Of the Greatest Collection of
ANTIQUE AND MODERN JAPANESE
AND CHINESE OBJECTS OF
ARTS AND CURIOS
Ever Placed Before the Public of San Francisco.
Store open for Inspection TO-DAY. FRIDAY.
from 10 a. m. to 10 P- n>-
Sale begins TO-MORROW. SATURDAY.
March 17th.
To Continue Daily at 11 a. m.. 2 p. nv. Ip. in.
SW. COR. GEARY and STOCKTON sts..
Opposite the City of Paris and Union Square.
T. McDONALD. Auctioneer.
EM»L COHN. Jut.oncer, = t.oncer,
Wlll sell TO-DAY. March IS. 1900, at 11 o'clock
a. m. at 1123 HOWARD ST.. storage sale r.f
furniture, carpets, bedding. 9 ranges. 5 ward-
robes, lot nice furniture, at your own price.
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
la«t tide of the day. except when there are but
three tide*, as sometimes occurs. The height*
Clj'Pn are in addition to the sound In us on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precede* ¦ the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference lg the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. B. N.. Mer
chants' Exchaag*. Saa FTanclsco. Cal.,
March 15. 1900.
The time ball on the tcwer of the new Tarry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
t. c. at noon of the 130 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander.. U. S. N.. In charge.
CHICAGO, March 15.-The early trading in
wheat was not marked by any degree of ac
tivity or any marked tone. The opening for
May was at 66H@66%c. a decline of . V»®%c
from yesterday, the slight loss being" due In
part to disappointment over the reluctant're
sponse of the Liverpool market to yesterday's
advance here. The loss was recovered almost
Immediately. May advancing to 66 T /»c under
covering by local shorts, but before 11 o'clock
weakness again developed and kept prices on
the down grade for nearly an hour. During this
part of the session the foreign demand for
American wheat was reported poor, while ex
pectations of heavy Argentine wheat shipments
to-morrow, a feature which has knocked good
fractions off of the price of wheat for three
successive Fridays, resulted In considerable
short selling, the theory being that to-mor
row's opening would show a decline. About
noon, however, the market turned quite strong
on rumors of crop damage and the price which
had In the meantime fallen off to 66 t 4<g6ii'HsC.
advanced to 67c. But this was th» price that
heavy holders had apparently been waiting for
and offerings became so heavy that V«c was
knocked off May figures In a hurry. At 6C?ic
a good demand existed and the market held
eteady at around that figure for some time,
re|>orts of a good demand for export at out
side shipping points having considerable In
fluence. Shortly before the close realizing
sales and uneasiness over the weakness shown
by corn caused another decline and the tone
during the last few minutes was one of weak
ness. May eased off ito 66% c and closed at
6€%c.
Corn was only moderately active. Early In
the session there were Indications ' that in
fluential holders were disposing of their May
and buying July, and this resulted in con
siderable liquidation. Heavy clearances had a
steadying Influence later, sellers turning buy
ers, but toward the close the market again
developed a tendency to decline and the 'close
was rather easy. May closed H- lower at
Trading In oats was almost without feature
and was on a small scale all day. May closed
at 23% c.
Provisions were moderately active and rather
Irregular within a small range. Packers were
fair sellers, but pit traders showed a dispo
sition to cover shorts, which, with some com
mission house buying, kept the market fairly
steady most of the session. May pork closed
5c lower. May lard a shade lower and May
ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Notice to Manners.
-¦ CAPE MENDOCINO. CAL.
Notice la hereby given that Blunts Heef
whistling buoy.' painted red and marked
"Blunt" In white letters, has been replaced
oft Cape Mendoclr.o, Cal., in approximately the
same position.
This notice affects the "List cf Beacons and
Buoys," Pacific Coast, 1900. page 2S.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
V. SEBREE.
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Foreign Futures.
PARIS.
8
O Time Time| [Time Tim*;
".£ Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
?L, W II WJ I, W H \\'\
.6 ... 5:29 1.8 11:57] 4.9 5:17 1.4
H W L ¦ V • • H-W ... L, VC
17 ... 0:00 8.2 C:O2 1.0 12:3S 4.S 5:65 1.7
:g ... 0:22 5.2 6:33 O.S 1:20 4.G 6:25 2.0
19 ... 0:46 .5.2 7:12 0.6 2:00 4.4 6:5S 2.4
»...-. 1:12 5.3 7:t6 0.5 3:03 4.1 7:3!> 3.6
!1 ... IMS 5.3 8:4« 0.5 4:04-4.0 5:27 3.0
2 ... 2:26 5.2 9:44 0.5 5:ll| 4.0 9:53 3.2
St«amer. | Frcm. I Dus,
Frcm.
I Due.
Geo. W. Elder. Portland.... Mar. It
Corona San Diego Mar. M
Benmohr Oyster Harbor Mar. IS
Samoa Humboldt Mar. H
Empire Coos Bay Mar. M
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor — ....iMar. It
National City.. Grays Harbor iMar. 17
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 17
Homer Portland |Mar. 17
Orizaba Humboldt ....iMar. U
Bonlta Newport Mar. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. »
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. 11
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 13
S. Portland Oyster Harbor Mar. 19
Czarina Puget Sound Mar. W
North Fork Humboldt Mar. P)
Pomona San Diego Mar. 20
State California Portland Mar. 21
Colon Panama.............. Mar. 21
Coos Bay Newport | Mar. 22
Point Arena.... Point Arena .Mar. 23
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. n
Hongk'njr ManrChlna and Japan IMar. 23
Steamer. I Destination. I Satis. | Pier.
Aloha [Crescent City. [Mar. 19. 3 pmlPler J
Coos Bay... Newport ,Mar. 1». j*m i'l-r I;
Queen Vie & Pst Sd. Mar. J7. WamPler 9
Pt. Arena.. Point A repi . . l Var. 17. t pmiPler 2
G. Dollar.. l Grays Harbor|Mar. 17. 5 pm!
:.oron» isan iAt-e i Mar. M. 11 «m Pter 11
Samoa |Humboldt (Mar. IS, lOamiPler 13
G. W. Elder Portland Mar. ». luam,Pier2»
Newport ...IPanami (Mar. 1«. 12 m'PMSS
San Pedrtx-IHumboldt (Mar. 19. 4 pm!P!er 13
Bonlta I Newport Mar.ro. <>amiPleril
Del Xorte-.jOreKOn Ports. Mar. 20. 19 amjPler 7>
Arcata ! Coos Bar IMar.IO. If> am.Pier n
Orizaba .... HumboliJt Mar. V>, 2pmlPler 9
Mariposa .. Sydney Mar. 21. 8 pmlPler 7
Pomona San Dlesro Mar. 22. 11 amPler 11
Walla WalllVle & Pet Sd. Mar. 22. V* am Pier *
North ForklHumboldt Mar. 23. 12 mlPier 2
Gaelic Chlna&Japen Mar. 23. t pmjPUSS
State of Call Portland Mar. 24. 10anrPler2»
O Time Time| [Time Tim*;
".£ Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
?L, W II WJ I, W H \\'\
.6 ... 5:29 1.8 11:57] 4.9 5:17 1.4
H W L ¦ V • • H-W ... L, VC
17 ... 0:00 8.2 C:O2 1.0 12:3S 4.S 5:65 1.7
:g ... 0:22 5.2 6:33 O.S 1:20 4.G 6:25 2.0
19 ... 0:46 .5.2 7:12 0.6 2:00 4.4 6:5S 2.4
»...-. 1:12 5.3 7:t6 0.5 3:03 4.1 7:3!> 3.6
!1 ... IMS 5.3 8:4« 0.5 4:04-4.0 5:27 3.0
2 ... 2:26 5.2 9:44 0.5 5:ll| 4.0 9:53 3.2
Steamer. I Destination. I Satis. | Pier.
Aloha [Crescent City. [Mar. 19. 3 pmlPler J
Coos Bay... Newport ,Mar. 1». j*m i'l-r I;
Queen Vie & Pst Sd. Mar. J7. WamPler 9
Pt. Arena.. Point A repi . . l Var. 17. t pmiPler 2
G. Dollar.. l Grays Harbor|Mar. 17. 5 pm!
:.oron» isan iAt-e i Mar. M. 11 «m Pter 11
Samoa |Humboldt (Mar. IS, lOamiPler 13
G. W. Elder Portland Mar. ». luam,Pier2»
Newport ...IPanami (Mar. 1«. 12 m'PMSS
San Pedrtx-IHumboldt (Mar. 19. 4 pm!P!er 13
Bonlta I Newport Mar.ro. <>amiPleril
Del Xorte-.jOreKOn Ports. Mar. 20. 19 amjPler 7>
Arcata ! Coos Bar IMar.IO. If> am.Pier n
Orizaba .... HumboliJt Mar. V>, 2pmlPler 9
Mariposa .. Sydney Mar. 21. 8 pmlPler 7
Pomona San Dlesro Mar. 22. 11 amPler 11
Walla WalllVle & Pet Sd. Mar. 22. V* am Pier *
North ForklHumboldt Mar. 23. 12 mlPier 2
Gaelic Chlna&Japen Mar. 23. t pmjPUSS
State of Call Portland Mar. 24. 10anrPler2»
St«amer. | Frcm. I Dus,
Frcm.
I Due.
Geo. W. Elder. Portland.... Mar. It
Corona San Diego Mar. M
Benmohr Oyster Harbor Mar. IS
Samoa Humboldt Mar. H
Empire Coos Bay Mar. M
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor — ....iMar. It
National City.. Grays Harbor iMar. 17
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 17
Homer Portland |Mar. 17
Orizaba Humboldt ....iMar. U
Bonlta Newport Mar. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. »
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. 11
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 13
S. Portland Oyster Harbor Mar. 19
Czarina Puget Sound Mar. W
North Fork Humboldt Mar. P)
Pomona San Diego Mar. 20
State California Portland Mar. 21
Colon Panama.............. Mar. 21
Coos Bay Newport | Mar. 22
Point Arena.... Point Arena .Mar. 23
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. n
Hongk'njr ManrChlna and Japan IMar. 23Veterans Want Protection.
A meetrnK of the Veteran's Civil War
Association was held last evening. The
principal matter discussed was the form
ing of a State organization. After some
debate the following resolution was
adopted:
Whereas. W* find In all Federal. State and
municipal departments undue discrimination
practiced against veterans of the Civil War.
and whereas, the above-named departments
have adopted a civil service system detrimental
to the interact of \-eterans. in&smucfa as the
be»t school days of the veterans were epent In
<3»fen«« of their country, therefore be It
Renolved, That a State organization be
formed for the mutual protection of veterans
on! eons cf veterans ia order to prevent any
further discrimination.
BROWNIES IN
FAIRYLAND
"The Brownies in Fairyland" made their
bow to a crowded house at the California
Theater yesterday afternoon and con
vinced the audience that the town is chock
full of precocious youngsters, and that
every one of them is either a "brownie"
or a "fairy." •
There is nothing small about the Brown
ies, excepting, of course, the performers.
Everything else Is Immense. The scenery
and costuming are elaborate, and the
vocal gems and dainty dances with which
the meager story is plentifully stuffed Is
such as would do honor to a production
of talented professionals.
¦ To single out any of the performers for
special mention would be not only unfair,
but Impossible. There were no "better"
actors; all were "best." Tiny tots who
seemed to be taking yesterday for the first
time steps without the kindly aid of a.
chair broke into the swaying motion of
the Cakewalk.
The "fairies," for once In the history of
the stage, were joung, and the "brownies"
happy and brave, with just the right sort
of ppindle-shanked legs. Last evening
again the "fairies" disported themselves
in sylvan groves and the "brownies" van
quished their formidable foe. The same
performance will, go on again this after
noon and evening, with a double repetition
The list of the talented little ones and
the characters they represent are as fol
lows: .
Prince Aldebaran. ruler of the Brownie Band.
Alice Condon: Cholly IJoutonnlere, the Brownie
Exqulaite. Maude Sorensen; Major Teloff, of
the Brownie War Office, Robert Stack; Chaun
cy Quoter, familiar with the /poets, Willie
Craig: Patrolman Moveon. of the Brownie Po
lice Force, Raymond Crawford: Billy Tack
about, who has weathered many a gale, Mildred
Fitzgerald; Tuttl, the Italian Organ Grinder.
Jack Robertson: Frutti. Fred Keane (twin*);
Uncle Sam, of the Land of the Free, Andrew
Beneon; John Bull, from "Lunnon," Wilbur
Caples; Donald MacCrassle, from the High
lands, Martin Krelllns; Professor Katchakoff.
a RiiK3lan Klhiltot. Melville StoUeß; Wagner
yon Strauss, a musical Droduct from the
Rhine, Joseph Eichwalde; Fur-an-sklns. an
Eskimo, Chauncey Montgomery; Afraid-of-the
day, an Indian Chief, not afraid of the night,
Harry Fex; Salamander, the Turk, Charles
Bowan; Oom Paul, from the Transvaal. Mil
ton Levy; Rastus Washington, from Georgia,
Carl Johnson: Otis Amilnaldo, from the Fil
ipinos, Percy Levennon; - Wan Sing, Emll
Hoelle; Ah Uing, Henry Auerbach: Ah Sing.
Norbert CIHs: Ah Jlns:, Charles Potter; Ah
Ling, Philip Atkins; Pretty Slnir, Blanche Tre
lease (In the Laundry Business). Beetle. Eddie
Penaluna; Wasp, Herbert Turner (I-eaders of
the Enemy). Patrolman Moveon, Harry Bond;
Officer Mac Duff, James Lucy; Officer O'Toole,
Arthur Fex (Brownie Police Force). Fairies.
Queen Flora, ' Goddess of the Flowers, Lillian
Rhodes. Heralds to the Queen— Phoebe Gibson,
Claire Fex. Wee Attendants to the Queen—
Toddleklns, Claire Fex: Tlppytoes, Ethel
Brown: Aesthetica. Gladys Weller; . Lillian,
Myrl Colby; Clematis, Phoebe Gibson. Ladles
In Waiting to the Queen— Sunshine, Hazel Ott;
Columbine. Ethel Brown; Dewdrop. Lottie Bur
ton; Starlight, Flora Norrts: Zephyr. Victoria
Orr; Roseleaf. lone MeClouth; Hyacinth. Rita
Uubelskl: Eglantine, Maude Lloyd; Morning
Glory. Gertrude • Devine; Heartsease. Daisy
Krell: Goldenrod, Bessie Rattagan. Cupids-
Claire Deutsch. Zena Kief a: Hazel Allen.
Ethel McClenagan. Melville Oakley. Mis
tresses of the Ballet— lda Coons, Judith
Reusch, Rlbble Klrby Butler.
SUMMING UP OF
HOLMES' CONCERTS
THE symphony season Is at an end.
The final concert of the series took
place yesterday afternoon at the
Grand Opera-house, and Mr. Henry
Holmes laid down his baton with
out, it must be said, having wielded it in
any case with the magic of the master.
I know nothing of the internecine war
fare that raged in the camp of our sym
phony, cult at the beginning of the present
season, and from which Mr. Holmos
sprang as a full-fledged and accredited
leader of symphony, in my ignorance of
the causes that gave rise to undignified
display of petty jealousies and recrimina
tion I am ready ¦to suspect that Mr.
Holmes was forced into a usurpation of
the post of conductor by some over-zeal
ous and undiscrimlnating hero-worshipers
and equally ready to doubt that he him
self sought a position he was so little cap
able of rilling.
In offering an estimate of the work per
formed during the season I have avoided
comparison as a measure of merit, yet the
standard by which we judge must be in
the' mind it it bo not pronounced.
The contrasting of Mr. Holmes and Mr.
Scheel has been, of bourse, inevitable and
there can be but one conclusion drawn.
\Ve have had one musician, who, as a
leader of orchestra, was dowered with a
superb mastership, beside which the in
aptitude of his successor is almost pitiful,
ilr. Fritz Scheel was that man. He was
not granted the pecuniary support that
has stood in good stead of the present
season and he did not have at his dis
posal the admirable array of instrumen
talists that has worked with Mr. Holmes,
but by sheer force of his enormous genius
(a strong term, I admit, but a just one)
he gave a value to whatever he touched
well nigh unsurpassable.
A review of the season would be but a
catalogue of Inefficient interpretations.
Tschaikowsky. Schubert, Schumann, Bee
thoven and Mendelssohn have been suc
cessively butchered, and all of merit that
there has been in the concerts is due to
Mr. Marquart, a not too talented musi
cian, and the worthy workers of the rank
and ille. I believe Mr. Holmes to have
attainments of no ordinary character; he
is equipped with a superior technical
knowledge, but the essential attributes of
the maestro are not his.
Against the formalism and perverted
authority from which he is Inseparable,
there is a want of spirit, passion, tem
perament that renders his grasp of the
bigger things in music so variously inef
fective. He is wanting also in rhythm
sense and the judicious direction of tempo
and he. has at times conducted numbers
with which he was evidently Ignorant of
the construction, much less the purpose
and possibilities.
Yesterday's concert began with Schu
mann's "Manfred," which was very well
executed by the band, particularly in the
finale. The symphony was Mendelssohn's
"Scotch," wherein the orchestra again ac
quitted itself commendably. The ada
gio, thanks to Mr. Holmes, was -posi
tively racy and in the last movement, al
legro guerriero, the secure workmanship
of the muijlrlans hardly availed against
the utter kosence of vitality and spirit
essential to Its proper rendering.
Not only did Mr. Holmes fail to give
force and color to the movement, but he
conducted it with a more than usual
looseness. He indicated his accents In the
most haphazard fashion and frequently
lost the pace and place altogether. The
Tschaikowsky "Scherzo," which is quite
beyond his ken, was Interesting In itself
and the band played It acceptably if with
out sensational effect. The "William
Tell" overture followed, and thus ended
the inglorious symphony season of 1900.
PORTER GARNETT.
organized this morning and the following
directors elected: R, E. Jack, A. W.
Steinhart. H. F. Osgood, John Whicher
and Charles A. Haskin. The officers
chosen are John Whicher, president; A.
W. Steinhart, vice president; R. E. Jack,
cashier; H. F. Osgood, assistant cashier.
Mr. Jack resigned as cashier, that place
being left open until the bank formally
reopens.
THIRTEEN GRAVES STOP
RAILWAY CONSTRUCTION
Unprecedented Obstacle Encountered
on the Northern Pacific Ex
tension.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
BOISE/ Idaho, March 15.— The railroad
construction forces have, encountered an
unprecedented obstacle on the Northern
Pacific extension from Stuart to the
mouth of Cottonwood Creek. Directly In
the lino of location, from which there can
be no deviation owing to the canyon
walls, are thirteen graves in ' a row.
graves of Indian children whose fathers
and mothers live in the Kamalh Valley.
Just the width of thirteen graves is the
land needed by the railroad. The prog
ress of the railroad ia not delayed by
force qf arms, but by the awe Inspired
by the universal sentiment of grief for
the dead.
The engineers prepared to remove the
dead from their resting places. The boxes
wore brought and unloaded at the graves.
Then came a pathetic scene that stopped
every spade. From the hearts of mothers
burst forth nature's language of grief. It
was an appeal that no man from official
to shoveler could resist. The boxes that
wpre brought to hold the dead lie there
deserted as though a curse had fallen on
the spot.
Cyrus Beede, the Government .commis
sioner, who has settled so many disputes
with the Indians, is appealed to. He has
a new sentiment to combat. No price
will influence these disconsolate mothers.
No court will condemn a right of way
through a city of the dead. The Indians
and the whites, however, have faith In
Beede, but he says this Is the most deli
cate commission ever imposed on him. ln
his thirty years in the Indian service.
WIDOW BOBBED.
House of Mrs. Longmire at Willows
Entered and Money Taken.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WILLOWS, March 13.— Some person as
yet unknown stealthily entered the home
of Mrs. Emma Longmire, a widow, early
this morning and robbed her of $370. The;
burglar entered the building by cutting a
hole through a screen on the window and
crawling over the foot of the bed in
which Mrs-. Longmlra was lying. Having
gained access to the room the thief en
tered a closet, which was within two feet
of the head of the bed, took a small toy
bank from the shelf within, stepped back
Into the bedroom and proceeded to coolly
remove the contents of the bank, which
amounted to $390.
He would have escaped without notice
had he not dropped a $20 gold piece on
the floor. The noise of the dropping coin
aroused Mrs. Longmire and she uttered a
cry frightening the robber, who beat a
hasty retreat through a back door, tak
ing the remainder of the money, $370.
The officers were quickly notified of the
theft and are now working on the case.
They have been , unable to obtain a clue
but are determined to thoroughly investi
gate the affair.
Mrs. Lonemire has been sick for the
past two months, and is yet quite nervous,
consequently she cannot give an intelli
gent description of the burglar. She is
not in very good circumstances and the
loss falls heavily upon her. It is thought
whoever committed the crime was well
acquainted with the house and the place
where the money was kept. ' :¦;
VETERINARY ASSOCIATION.
Interesting Papers Bead and Dis
. cussed at the San Jose Meeting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN 'JOSE, March 15.— The California
State Veterinary Medical Association met
here in quarterly session. Among those
present were: Dr. D. F. Fox, president,
of Sacrair.ento; C. L. Megowan, secretary,
of Sacramento; - Dr. F. E. Twining o£
Fresno; Dr. C. H. Blemer, State Veter
inary Inspector, of Sacramento;' Dr.
Pierce of Oakland, Dr. W. E. Wadams of
Santa Clara, Drs. H. A. and H. F. Spen
cer of San Jose, Dr. J. Graham of Fresno,
Dr A. S. Williams of Marysville and Dr.
Ira B. Dalziel of San Francisco.
Last evening Dr. H. A. Spencer read a
paper on tuberculosis in cattle, which was
followed by. a talk by Dr. F. E. Twining,
the bacteriological expert; Dr. C. H.
Blemer, Dr. C. ; L. Megowan, ; Dr. Pierce
and Dr. Fox.
• A paper on "Acute Indigestion"- was
read by Dr.. Pierce and one on "Bacterio
logical Research" "by Dr. Twining. , ?, ;
• This ¦ morning ¦ the - visitors attended an
autopsy on Eix «. tuberculous cows from
Agnews "Asylum that were killed in Santa
Clara, - and ¦» in": the afternoon- a surgical
clinic .was held in I Dr. | Spencer's Hospital.
Adjournment was then taken.
LEONHARD HAS
MYSTERIOUSLY
DISAPPEARED
Friends Fear the Aged Sa
loon-Keeper Has Ended
His Life.
Oakland Office San Francisco ('all,
HIS Broadway. March 15.
Frederick W. Leonhard, a San Pablo
avenue saloon-keeper, mysteriously disap
peared from his home, 63 Bay street, last
Monday, and has not been seen or near 1
from since. It Is feared he has ended hid
life. .-•
Leonhard, who is 57 yeara old. was ar
rested a few. months ago for keepinar his
place open after midnight. He had «orne
trouble with the arresting officer. Sergeant
Pardee, and later he claimed that h» had
sustained several broken ribs in his en
counter with the officer.
The missing man's son says his father
has not been in his right mind since tho
trouble. He says that his father gay? no
hint of going away, or even intimated that
he was tired of life, and he believes that
he has wandered off while temporarily in
sane. The police have worked on the case
the past two days but have been unabta
to find a trace of the missing man.
Curions Customs of the Digger Indians.
Killed by a Log.
FORT BRAGG, March 15.— Mat Mattson,
a woodsman, was killed in a logging
camp on Noyo River to-day while work
ing on a steam skidder by a log rolling
over him. The unfortunate was a na
tive of Finland. He leaves a family.
Wants Her Attorney Arrested.
Mrs. Norah Dwyer of Berkeley swore
to a complaint in Judge Mogan's court
yesterday for the arrest of i Attorney
George O'Byrne. 300 Fair Oaks street,
on a charge of felony embezzlement. She
alleges that on September 22, 1808, she
gave O'Byrne $112 for safe keeping as
her attorney, and he refuses to return it,
although demands have been made upon
him. He gave h»>r a promissory note for
the amount, but did not meet it when
due.
Books of the Week, by ) Th? Latest Fashions ia
B. <L Lathrop. { Walking Bats.
A PRIZE-FIGHTER WHO PREACHES.
Sons o! English Noblemen and the Part
They Play in the Boer War.
SAN FRANCISCO'S DUCK FARM.
TWO BOLD BURGLARS.
Entered Several Buildings in High
land, but Took Only Coin.
Special Dlapatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 15.— Two
burglars worked Highland, five miles
from here, this morning early, going
through two packing houses, a black
smith shop and a general, store. They
were seen at the latter place by Mrs.
True, wife of a druggist across the road,
who called her husband, and Henry Lln
ville, and all three watched one burglar
bore out a place in the door, enter the
store, ransack it for an hour and come
out, another burglar keeping guard with
a Winchester.
They secured $25 in cash, but took'no
goods. As they departed Linvllle opened
lire with a revolver, but the five shots
failed to either increase their speed , or
stop them. Before robbing the store the
men searched two packing • houses for
cash, breaking open drawers in the
search, but got, nothing for their pains.
In one house they opened every -drawer
but one and, making up their minds there
was nothing there, left. The drawer con
tained $150 In gold. There is, no clew to"
the robbers. - . , ' :
Bank , Reorganized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, March 15.— The
County Bank of San Luis Obispo ; was re-
Starving in the North — The Most Sensa*
tional Fxperienceof the Day.
FRATERNITY LIFE AT BERKELEY.
SNOW IN WASHINGTON.
Record Unprecedented for the Season
of the Year.. !
WASHINGTON, March 15.— About eight
inches of snow fell hereto-day and to
night there is a driving hail, with pros
pects of intermittent hail, snow or sleet
until some time to-morrow. Much of the
early snow melted as it fell. The record
is probably unprecedented for. this locality
for this season of the year. Reports re
ceived at the Weather Bureau show that
the storm has prevailed over a great ex
tent of the territory east of the Mississip
pi River, beginning with a light fall in
Northern Louisiana. Quite a heavy fall
of snow occurred in New York. The storm
has reached the borders of; New England
and promises to extend through that re
gion. Colder : weather is following ; the
storm and the Indications point to the
temperature falling near the freezing
point to-night or to-morrow throughout a
large area of the South.
Trouble Over Cars.
. BAKERSFIELD, March 13.— Assessor
Jameson i has received a communication,
from Superintendent Schlndler of the San
ta Fe Instructing him to release the ears
he Is holding for taxes or the company
will- do so. Assessor Jameson is deter
mined to prevent their removal and has
80 notified ' Mr. Schlndler. The case will
probably be taken into court.
Democratic Nominees.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1.,! March 15.— The
Democratic State Convention to-day nom
inated the following ticket: : Governor,
Nathan Llttlefleld ; Lieutenant Governor.
Dr. 'Joseph rAr " Dutcher ; \ ; Secretary;, of
State. ; Clark > Potter; ; General '.Treasurer,
Fayette Bartlett ; .Attorney General,; Den
nis J.-HoUand. " , '
COURT NOTES.
The charge of threats to kill against
Paul R. Williams, bootblack, Turk and
Mason streets, was dismissed by Judge
Mogan yesterday at the request of Cap
lain C. M. Chambers of the steamer Sea
gull, the complaining witness.
James Martin, a.las Woods, an ex-con
virt, was yesterday held to answer be
fure the Superior Court by Judge Mogan
on a charge of burglary for breaking
into the room of Joseph Carlisle, 1203 Mar
ket street.
Judge Dalngerfield has handed down a
judgment in the case cf the people against
'.h«- Hibernla Savings and Loan Society,
ir, which the State sought to recover $13,
661 21 belonging to the estate of the late
J'r.miah Pendtrgast. As no heirs were
discovered for some time the State
claimed the money in bank under the law
cf < i-cboat. Heirs have since been discov
ered ;n Australia, however, and Judgment
in favor of A. C. Freese, administrator ol
the estate, and against the Hlbernia Bank
for tli' sum named was entered.
East'n, Eldridge & Co: have sued the
California Hoet Sugar Estate and Land
Compai.v. Limited, and Richard Gird to
recover :0«.724 32 and JUBO6 99 on account of
services rendered, running accounts.
promissory notes and in payment of
claims aci rutd on land transfers.
"Fighting Joe" Wheeler and Bis Daughter,
Annie Early Whseler.
TO THE SEAT OF WAR
IN THE PHILIPPINES
Meade's Passengers Will Include
Hospital Corps, Signal Men,
Nurses and Casuals.
When the Meade sails to-morrow she
will take away all the casuals now re
maining at the Presidio, about thirty in
all, besides some of the convalescent reg
ulars who are fit to return to duty in the
islands. They will all be under command
of First Lieutenant Louis R. Burgess,
Fifth Artillery, who has been home on
sick leave. Lieutenant Burgess was
wounded in the foot during one of the
skirmishes and was sent home early last
January. He is now ready to return to
duty.
The three female nurses who will go
on the Meade are Julia Hinkle. Ellen M.
Baker and Alice M. Boynon. They have
been on duty at the General Hospital for
some time.
The Signal Corps will be represented on
the Meade by a detachment of one first
class private and three second-class pri
vates from Angel Island. Over seventy
men from the Hospital Corps will com
plete the transport's passenger list.
William Kelly, civil service clerk, who
returned from the Philippines some
months ago and has been on duty at de
partment headquarters since then, has
been ordered to proceed to San Antonio,
Texas, there to report for duty to the
commanding general of the department of
Texas.
The presentation of the gun to be given
to the city by General Shafter will take
place next Wednesday at half past 12
o'clock. Two troops of cavalry will lend
color and dignity to the occasion, and the
Native Sons have promised some special
ceremonies of their own. General Shafter
In person will present the gun and Mayor
Phelan will accept it on behalf of the
city. ,
IN NEXT
MARCH 18, 1900.
RIO GRANDE WESTERN
UNDER ITS NEW AGENT
F. W. Thompson of Los Angeles
Takes Formal Charge of the
Office in This City.
F. W. Thompson, the new general pas
senger agent of the Rio Grande Western,
who is to fill one of the two positions left
vacant by the resignation of W. H. Sned
aker assumed the duties of the
place yesterday. Mr. Snedaker's resig
nation took effect yesterday and he for
mally turned the office over to his suc
cessor S. H. Babcock, traffic manager,
and George W. Hlntz. general passenger
agent of the Rio Grande Western, arrived
in the city yesterday and were present to
attend to the details of the transfer.
The position formerly held by Mr. Sned
aker has been divided into two depart
ments—one controlling the passenger busi
ness and one the freight. Mr. Thompson
is to take the place of passenger agent
in this city, but until the management
of the road has decided on the man to
take charge of the freight end of the
business Mr. Thompson will look after
that department as well. -
¦W H. -Snedaker. the former agent of
the Rio Grande Western, resigned to take
charge of the Illinois Central in this city.
He will open an office in room 3S of the
Crocker building. . \.'. :
WALSH MUST SUPPORT
HIS TWO CHILDREN
Judge Dunne Refuses to Commit
Youngsters Charged With
Crime to Whittier.
InEtead of being sent to prison to pass
their minority among incorrigibles and
criminals, Edward and Willie Walsh,
youngsters of 14 and 16 years respectively,
will. In all probability, be handed back to
the care of their father and he will leave
the court with them after receiving due
instruction as to the manner in which
he should care for and educate his chil
dren. The youngsters were up before
Judge Dunne yesterday on charges of rob
bery. The Information against them was
signed by Nora Coughlin, their grand
mother, and she charged that In the early
part of January last they robbed her of
$13. After reading the information Judge
Dunne requested the lad's father to step
to the bar.
•'How long nave these boys been in
Jail?" asked the court, addressing Walsh.
"About two months," answered the
father.
"Such a condition of affairs Is without
precedent," continued the court, "and
such an experience is enough to ruin them
for life."
Walsh admitted that he was aware of
the evils ©af prison life, but crept behind
the excuse that he could not prevent the
lower court from holding them for trial.
As it was paid that the children were
held at the father's request, who hoped
to send them to Whittlcr Reform School,
Judge Dunne continued the case for a
week. In the meantime, he said, he would
investigate the matter, and at the end of
the week would probably find that - the
children should be supported and educated
by their father, and not be made a bur
den to the State or thrown into prison
to associate with hardened criminals dur
ing their minority.
MUNICIPAL OWNERSHIP OF
TELEPHONES FAVORED
Supervisors' Public Utilities Commit
tee Considers Projects to Be
Submitted to the People.
The Supervisors' Committee on Public
Utilities met last night in the chambers
of the board for the purpose of getting in
formation and suggestions regarding the
acquisition of public utilities by the mu
nicipality. The investigation was directed
toward deciding on tho selection of the
first utility to be acquired by the city.
Chairman Reed conducted the questioning
of several experts who were present and
in this way elicited much valuable infor
mation. The report of the Board of Pub
lic Works on the subject, submitted sev
eral weeks ago, was read, after which an
invitation was extended to those present
to give their views on the matter.
City Engineer Grunsky Informed the
committee that the investigation into the
estimate of the cost of supplying munici
pal water twenty years ago did not go
into the details contemplated In the pres
ent inquiry, but contained much valuable
Information. The contemplated plans in
cluded supplies from Clear Lake, Feather
liiver. American River. Lake Tahoe, Blue
Lakes and San Joaquin River.
Commissioner Hanson of the Board of
Works, was of the opinion that any source
of water supply for municipal acquisition
should be capable of supplying at least
£.0.000.000 gallons of water. The ultimate
right of acquiring two sources of water
supply should also be considered. Any un
derground supply Is liable In time to be
exhausted. Mr. Manson did not believe
that the proposition of municipal owner
ship could be submitted to the people by
a year from next July. He said he thought
that some of the other utilities could be
taken up first with better and quicker
results. If the Board of Supervisors would
issue a call for a telephone service the
plan could be carried out much more
quickly than the water supply system. An
electric light plant could also be acquired
in much less time than the water project.
Mayor Phelan thought the water supply
was desirable to take up first, because the
sources are being rapidly absorbed and
every year they are becoming more vaju
able and harder to acquire. He thought
that the idea of furnishing cheaper water
to consumers was very important.
Reed said that the municipal ownership
of telephones was especially, desirable.
The local corporation was In receipt of a
larger income on a smaller investment
than any other concern. He deprecated
the fact that the telephone companies had
been omitted in the charter relative to
the supervision and fixing of rates by the
city.
BICYCLES ON YUKON.
Record-Breaking Trips Made Be
tween Dawson and Circle City.
Special Dispatch to The Call
TACOMA. March 13.— Dawson advlcea
received to-day state that some astonish
ing trips are being made by bicyclists on
the Ynkon River. Several have made tho
greater part of the trip between Bennett
and Dawson on wheels. F. C. Smith, the
United States mail carrier, made the
round trip between Dawson and Circle
City on his wheel in eighteen days, lie
carried considerable mail each way and
made several stops. The record breaking
bicycle trip was made early in February
by Morris Levy of Dawson. who started
out light to see how quick he could reach
Circle City. He covered the 365 miles In
three days and four hours, riding over
100 miles each day. He reports the ic«j
path in splendid condition between these
points and says that stampeders to Nome
would stand a. much better chance of get
ting through if equipped with wheels. His
glowing reports caused people starting for
Nome to buy up all the available bicycle*.
Two women were numbered among
cyclists starting down the river.
F. H. Nagle and Robert Mcßae are the
latest men xo reach Dawson from Cipe
Nome. They started on January 6 and
made the trip in fifty-two days, eighteen
of which were spent in resting and await
ing for storms to pass. They brought out
messages for J. C. Kimball & Co. of San
Francisco and will soon arrive outbound
for California. They were able to find
food and shelter every day except one on
the journey.
McCrae Held to Answer.
' OAKLAND, March 15.— Sam McCrae,
alias George Lee. was bound over to an
swer before the Superior Court on a
charge of burglary to-day in Justice
Quinn's court. McCrae confessed his
crime and his bond 3 were fixed at $2000.
Knights of St. Patrick Banquet.
The twenty-fifth annual banquet of the
Knights of St. Patrick will be held in the
maple room at the Palace Hotel to-mor
row night. The guests will be seated nt
7 o'clock. At the final meeting of the ban
quet committee last night everything was
reported in readiness for a good time, anl
the secretary announced a greater demand
lor tickets on the part of the members
than usual, which assures one of the beat
attended banquets held in many years.
HIGHBINDER WAR IS
NEARING ITS CLOSE
From a statement made by the Chinese
Consul last evening it may be inferred
that the present highbinder war will come
to a close very soon. But one tong has
been blocking the way to a settlement,
and yesterday that organization expressed
a desire to consent to any pacific terma
set by the Consul. Accordingly, a meet
ins was arranged for to-morrow morning,
at which representatives of the Wai Time.
Sin Sue Ying. Hop Sing and Suey Sin<
tongs will be present. The situation will
be discussed and every possible attempt
to agree upon terms of an adjustment
made.
Clash Easily Averted.
PRESCOTT. Ariz., March 15.— J. D.
Hojick, the Tonto Basin sheep man, was
in 'Prescott to-day, having just returned
from the scene of anticipated trouble be
tween sheep men and cattle men. He
states that while his sheep were driven
back about two miles no damage resulted.
On his arrival he had a conference with
the cow men and an amicable agreement
was arrived at, the phecp men agreeing
to occupy the range on one side of the
river and the cow men on the other.
With the observance of this agreement,
he says, there is no prospect of trouble.
School Bonds Voted.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PALO ALTO. March 15.— The election
held In Palo Alto to-day for the issue of
$20,000 High School bonds resulted in fa
vor of the issue by a vote of 231 for to
31 against.
NEW QUESTION FOR
THE DEBATE CHOSEN
BERKELEY, March 15.— A new question
for debate has been decided upon by the
representatives of Stanford and the Uni
versity of California. The first subject
proposed was rejected by the presidents
of both universities. The following is the
question for debate:
"Resolved, that the guarantees of the
constitution should extend to all persona
and territory under the permanent control
of the United States except to persons
living In tribal relations."
The preliminary debate will take place
March 27 and the try-out for the intercol
legiate March 29.
Shot in the Forehead.
ALAMEDA. March 13.— Adrian Cou3tler
of 2433 Webb avenue was shot in the fore
head with a bullet from an airgun whilti
playing with some companions at the
Notre Dame Academy this morning. The
bullet penetrated the flesh, but did not
strike with sufficient lorce to crush tho
skull. The shot was removed after a lit
tle difficulty by a physician.
Lecture on Mind Culture.
A lecture by Swami Vivekananda was
given last evening at Washington Hall, 320
Post street. The discourse was on "Mind
Culture," and was extremely interesting.
Vivekananda impressed his listeners as
being a man who had thought a great
deal on the subject of the mind and Its
possibilities. The lecture to-night will be
on the "Concentration of Mind."
WHEN HE WOKE UP
HIS MONEY WAS GONE
Henry Garcia Bobbed on the Tender
loin — His Money Recovered by
the Detectives.
Henry Garcia, a Third street barber,
while roaming about town last Wednesday
right formed the acquaintance of May
McMahon, a creature of the tenderloin,
and after visiting several saloons retire-1
to the 3-oung lady's room, at 5 Eddy street.
When Garcia awoke In the morning h»
found that he had been relieved of * s<\ck
containing tX'j. and Immediately reported
the matter to police headquarters. De
tectives Crockett and Dillon were detatle-i
on the case and at once arrested the Mc
• Mahori woman and Jesse Wadleigh. her
associate, and locked them In the tanks at
t!:e City Prison. The detectives returned
to the Eddy street house and after a two
hour search were rewarded by finding $214
of the stolen money In a secluded part of
the attic. A servant girl employed In the
house was locked up as a witness.
ESTATE LEFT BY AGED
PROFESSIONAL BEGGAR
OAKLAND. March 13.— According to a
petition for letters of administration filed
to-day. Margaret Olvls, who was known
here as a professional beggar, left an es
tate valued at several thousand dollars.
Mrs. Olvis died March 1. She was over
60 yeara old and had frequently been ar
rested and served terms In local prisons
for beagins and vagrancy. Sarah Smith,
a slsfr'aged 7') years, and residing In Val
lejo, asks that her son, James Smith, of
the same place, be appointed administra
tor, since no will has been found. Deced
ent left another sister. Susie Cunningham,
aged 60, living In Ireland.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
BERKELEY, March 13. — Word has been
received from England that Harry A.
Overstreet, traveling fellow in philosophy
from the State University, has received
additional honors at Oxford. Mr. Over
street was elected pres-hlent of a society
of twenty-four young American students
for the purpose of disseminating Informa
tion regarding colleges in the United
States. •
George H. Unstick of San Francisco ha*
presented a panorama of Rome to the
university. It r« presents Rome as it was
In 1728.
The teachers of Alameda County will
spend March 2? at the university. Ail
dresses will be delivered by President
Whfreler and others. The cadets will pa
rade at 11:15 a. m.
Professor Bacon will lecture before the
Men's Club of the First Congregational
Church of Berkeley at 8 o'clock to-mor
row evening upon "Tho History of South
Africa."
Professor Leuschrer, who was one of
the delegates to the Association of Ameri
can Universities, which recently met in
Chicago, returned last evening. He says
the work of the student observatory at
Berkeley Is highly thought of throughout
the East.
"CO-EDS" WILL PLAY TO
AID THE UNIVERSITY
REMAINS BURIED
AT THE HOME OF
JOAQUIN MILLER
ALAMEDA, March 15.— The remains of
Clarence A. Webster, whose death occur
red yesterday, were borne to the grave
nt the home of Joaquin Miller, on the
ht:ghts overlooking Laundry Farm, this
afternoon. A large number of sorrowing
friends attended the burial at the spot
where the well-known artist so often ex
pressed a wish to rest in death. On ac
count of the Inaccessibility of the chosen
spot the remains were borne by the pall
bearers some distance after leaving the
funeral cortege. •
The services at Mr. Webster's late resi
dence. .C 72 Central avenue, were very Im
nreSßiVC Rev. George R. Dcdson of tho
Fir:»t Unitarian Church preached the fun
eral sermon. The floral offerings were
numerous and beautiful.
The following were those who acted as
pall-bearers: W. H. Schenck. W. J. Gor
ham. George Young. William .Hohlman.
Harry C. Best and W. Dean Duke.
CONTRA COSTA
GETS ALAMEDA'S
WATER SUPPLY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 15.
The Artesian Water Company of Ala
meda was finally absorbed to-day by tho
Contra Costa Water Company of this city,
and the deeds and mortgages involving
the transfer were filed. The figures are
not named In the documents, but the rev
enue stamps thereon indicate a valuation
of 5750,000.
There were three documents necessary
to make the transfer perfect. While there
was a corporation under the name of the
Artesian Water Company, it was hardly
more than the personal holding of Captain
R. R. Thompson. Captain Thompson had
never transferred to the water company
much of the property which the company
operated, and in order to make the trans
fer perfect it was found necessary to oeed
a large amount of property from Captain
Thompson to the Artesian Water Com
pany. The water company in turn deeded
all of the property which it held .»nd
which it received from Captain Thompson
to the Contra Costa Water Company.
The property transferred consists of
three tracts of artesian well land at Fitch
burg, aggregating 350 acres, on which
thftre are ninety-seven wells, half a dozen
pumps, reservoirs, pipe and engines. I.i
Alameda there is the old pumping plant
and wel'.s on High street, the lot and
building and reservoir on Park street and
a large lot on Santa Clara avrnue. 330,400
feet of pipe. 3037 meters. 247 hydrants and
the franchises, rights and privileges that
have been granted by the town and
county.
There was filed a mortgage to the Union
Trust Company for JGOO.OOO in the f>hap<; of
600 bonds of $1000 each, covering the prop
erty of the company.
This means that the Contra Costa Water
Company has finally absorbed the Ala
meda city water supply. The deal vUt'i
the Alameda Water Company of Berkeley
Is still on. but negotiations have not yet
been finally closed. When this is com
pleted the Contra Costa Water Company
will control every water right and water
company from San Loandro on the south
to the county line on the north.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH .16, 1900.
STAID DIRECTOR
FELL INTO ARMS
OF THE POLICE
Prank Otis, Member of the
Board of Education, Is
Haled Up.
ALAMEDA, March 15.-Frank Otis etald
member of the Board of Education. Ml
tato the Implacable arms of the Alamed*
police last evening. While he was ir.no
r.ffi Parading the streets on a wheel
Officer Hadley grabbed him and hustled
him off to the city's kraal. Though h*
remonstrated, the officer would hear none
m it me School Director was booked
for riding a bicycle without a light. Three
°-th S Be « 1 «*<» h!s freedom,
mv baif " ,X, X m B {, " rst tn^r.ded to forfeit
rant nvi.r m Mr Olis ">-<***. «<" ,ndis
fri?d Vrn nV 1 "? 51 - V. 1 have changed „£,
case i«^?«ji£?? \\ m when the
St Sura -f? to * lßht V cfore Recorder
of h£w t bicycle ordinance permits
"isrrts ' ut , llght9 on moonlight
moon is \lslble during the sf-eond and
third quarters no light is necessary
?„ v seems lo rae there is a question as
t«^m W.W .K YOU ronstru f the woM -visible.' I
t?,? ,* the moon was overcast last night,
I locks 7i S t^°, Uld Tr c ob J ects at least two
L™ *t < !i stant - , T , here w a s no occasion to
wriest me, and I will fight the charge
against me t" the bitter end."
?\T' Sc 4 h »<-1 Director is not the only "man
Of prominence 'whose frier.ds are amusing
themstlves at his expense. "Duggie" Er
c',e '?E tar P lavcr to the Olympic Club
football team, and Edward Smith, popular
society man. suffered the Fame delightful
experience la?t night, and both at the
Hands of the realous Officer Hadley.
THE FAMINE IN INDIA.
9
BERKELEY, March 15.— The Berke
ley "co-ed" has decided to promote
the success of "university week"
at the Grand Opera-house In San
Francisco, and she will lend her tal
ents, work and support to the events
to be then and there given. For the
first time, the Berkeley "co-ed" "*lll
take part in a public . performance •on
the stage, but It will only be done be
cause It will be for the interests of the
university.
When "university week" was decided
upon and a production of R. W. Tuily's
famous junior farce selected as one of
the events there was a decided ques
tion as to whether the young ladies of
the cast would take part in the public
production. It was one thing to walk
the boards for a single afternoon be
fore an audience of their college mates,
and quite another to appear before a
general audience and have their name*
appear upon bill boards and In adver
tisements.
But the production of the play de
manded the participation of the young
ladles and the success of "university
week" required the production of the
play. The possibilities of getting the
track team East made "university
week" necessary, so when this list of
demands was presented to the young
ladies they decided that they would, in
the interests of the university, make
Just this appearance before the mis
cellaneous public. But chaperon 3
were demanded on the stage, and this
has been agreed to. It may make the
stage audience large, but the demand
had to be met, and Stage Manager
Tully consented.
The farce was pronounced . by tho
university critics as the best that had
ever been prepared In that lnstituion.
It has been slightly modified In order to
make it' more pleasing to the general
public, and it will be presented by the
following cast:
Tom Harrington. James Bennett Southard;
Reginald Black. Rea Hanna: James Wob
berts. Richard W. Tully; William Everett
James, Milton Schwartz; Byron Harrlnz
ton. Ralph Fisher; Dan Davenant. John
W. Butler: Professor Smith. Charles D.
Cobb; Nugata, Demetrius Gortienker; Mar
lan Dav*nant. Miss Jessie Bohal); Dulcle
Harrinftton. Miss Ella Viola Pattfanl; Mrs.
Wlrglngton Wlgfrins. Miss Annie Holmes;
Ruth Thornton, Miss Ruby .Morse.FOR EALE— Firet-class grocery etcre; en ac-
count of slcksees. Inquire at KUHL,
BCHWARKE & CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter.
EEOE business: eetabllched over 25 years. 4
£uicnier «t. eff Montgomery.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. nn. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 50 up; plates, extractions free; $4 60 up; of-
fice hcurs. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, Bto 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
FULL set of teeth, $5: gold crowns, $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. Me; painless extraction. Me: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, »€» Mission, cor. 6th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
'. lrncia st. .-¦-..;*"¦.. ¦"."¦ : '..'.:. --¦:.-'.. -:
WANTED — Laborers ; and ' mechanics to know
' that Ed Rolkln, ' Reno House proprietor, still
= I runs Denver s House," 217 Third st. : % 150 large
¦ rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged. ' half
price. 562 Mission st. bet. Ist and 2d sts." ~
WANTED— First-class - ladles' ' tailor;/ highest
FINE little stationery, candy and notion store;
win sell at invoice. Box 30CL Call office.
FOR caSe — Saloon, boarding-house, building In-
cluded; 14 rooms; sold on account of death in
family. Apply on premises, 647 First et, near
WANTED— Experienced frarc- Joiner with
some capital or the necessary tools. Apply
after 4 o. m., Slfl Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— A country saloon, for cash. Ad-
drees box 3054. Call office.
A— DR. T. 8. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market rt., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure gold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
14 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5 a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
(peclalty; see ouft fiesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 60; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st
WANTED — Position to cook for mining or lum-
ber camp by man and wife. Box 4478, Call."
MASSEUR wants situation at springs. - Ad-
dress box 3047. Call ofllce.
YOUNG man, experienced at bookkeeping and
telegraphing, would like position where he
could make himself useful. Address D., 44
Third st
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. '¦>. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
'327 Sixth 8t; auction sales every Wednesday
WANTED — Position on fruit ranch by com-
. patent man: -.understand* picking, packing
, and drying thoroughly. - Box 4499, Call office.
BCO— ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant and
coffee house; vicinity Fourth and Market-
Apply D. McRAE.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks:
day and evening classes; special Inducement
: this season; . handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir fres; only - institution •in -¦ the
•world teaching the barber and halrdressing
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco, Is'ew York,
» St. Louis. Chicago. : Minneapolis. ?.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st: onen until 9 p.m. : '
BUNNY cottages, 6 and 6 rooms; basement,
yard, with or without stable; cheap. 1876
Fifteenth st. near Dolores.
COTTAGES TO LET.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less rucc»-«ful. Room 210. 327 Market st
COLLECTIOX OFFICES
WAITRESS -wanted. 608 Seventh st.
$350— PAJtTNER In office commission business -
old established: pays *75 to J2CO to each per
month. Columbia Realty Co., Sl6 Marketer £3
A— SJ7S— BLACKSMITH and horseshoeing shop-
a snap. COWING &. CO., 719 Market *t
A PARTY with $1000 can clear $1M month.
COWINO & CO.. 719 Market st.
YOUNG girl to help care for baby;- reference*
required. Call 112 Treat aye. •
FRUIT STORE FOR SALE
GOOD PAYING BUSINESS '.'.'..
Be*t location in the city
Fine bargain; see it to-day. DECKER. 1020
Market St.
DISHWASHER wanted,
Eleventh. • 5 . ~
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings 23c.
CHESTER CARLETON. magnetic healer and
massage treatmt. 1352 Market, rms. 27 and 2S.
A _ $C 0
PARTNER REQUIRED
for flret-class dining-roona In large city hotel;
center of traflic; elegant appontments ; op-
portunity for man se*king good protosltion.
HTEXBERO CO.. «35 Market St.
WANTED— Engagements to show best bust de-
veloper known: living testimonials to indorse
all I claim: also scalp and hair treatment-
references if desired. Box 4434, Call office
MME. KANPON, palmistry, lCc: card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 14$ Sixth st, r. 12.
A— s27so; FIRKT-CLA£S paying corner grocery
•nd bar on Turk et.; place established many
years; stock all fresh; good hcr-t aad wagon;
C living roome; rent Jiu. Call R. G. WILKE.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker wishes to go out
by the day or take work in. Call at 711
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader and palmist; all
you seek to know answered without questions;
readings this week 25c and 60c. 942 Mission.
A— tS3o; COFFEE saloon and refitauraat; 1 block
from comer Powell and Market Bts.: rent $40;
daily receipts $40; 3 living rocma. See R. G.
WILKE *>6 Market st
WANTED — Sewing and mending to do at home.
. 130 Fourth st., room 7.
CLAIRVOYANTS AXD SPIRITUALISM.
MMcC ATcERVANT^sTthe celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: gives best advice in difficult
matters. 19 Fulton St., near Larkln.
HOUSES— LODGING— -FOR SALE.
• • ROOMING HOUSES. _.....
r. .....LODGING HOUSES
id HOTELS - '• ••
FLATS AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM 3 to 250 ROOMS; PRICES $50 to $29,000
ij 25 rooms; on Market: worth $1200 $500
"d 10 rooms; on Mason; payments 4jo
35 65 rooms; on Bush st: clears $250 2SOO
¦a 3 rooms and bath; elegant flat 323
*• 80 rooms; on Kearny; grand bargain 1000
86 rooms; on Market; payments ISCO
~ SO, 40 and 125 rooms: boarding-house.
," MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
r 1 TELEPHONE "JOHN SX
£ H. C. DECKER. IQ2O Market st, opp. Fifth. -
- T ROOMS near City Hall, rent $23 ITS
B 12 rooms, clean, large, central 400
29 rooms, full, 4 blks N Market, rent $90... 1000
:• 100 r.: 10c beds; rent $30; money coiner.... 1500
• 46 rooms, fine, splendid every way 25C0
d M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st
d M. MacLEOD'S specialty Is buying, selling and
1. exchanging lodging-houses: If you have such
1- business It will pay you to call at 1706 Market.
near Tenth. With G. W. H. PATTERSON.
.. S7 ROOMS, good transient corner. $1700: IJO-
1- room hotel fcr rent fine location: 9 rooms.
$300; -private money to lean. C. D. DAVIS.
» room £3. 916 Market st
r A GRAND 60-room house; suitable for Idoging-
I) house or sanitarium: electric lights: 2 en-
lc trances: adjoins Owl Drug Store. 1132 Market
'; $lSO*-42 ROOMS, corner house: JIOCO cash or
I trade for house and lots. BASILE, 3 Eddy st
A— SNAP; 2S furnished rooms and bath: cheap:
~ owner leaving city: no agents. 420 Sixth st
e• * -
5 HOUSES TO LET.
5 A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
I. cular. G. H. UMESEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
Kj ___^ — — —
v- REED. 14—4 rooms, bath, gas, basement; fine
J view. Apply 1325 Washington St.. near Jones.
* TO let— A pleasant sunny house, 7 rooms. S3S6
_ Twenty-first st, near Guerrero.
3 i ROOMS; rear entrance: good to rent rooms;
£ nicely furnished. Sl3Vi O'Farrell, near Mason.
9 HOUSES "WANTED.
4 COMFORTABLY furnished house wanted: Saa
Mateo County, north of Menlo Park: no chil-
dren; give particulars. J. S., box 3052. Call.
i WANTED— Unfurnished house. April 1. be-
tween Taylor, Fillmore. Sutter and Broad-
1 way: 32 rooms. 2 baths, billiard room, pantry.
9 furnace. Address W. P.. box 3036. Call. .
(T ¦
LOST AND FOUND.
t ..,---,.-. r -. u^ nj . l ,. r . nril ., n^- n . r .^ r . nn -.-. r --..... , ¦
• LOST— Purse containing sum of money; on
Kearny st., between Sacramento and Geary.
Return to room 302 Safe Deposit building. 328
J Montgomery St., and receive liberal reward.
i •
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' physl-
1 dan, foimerly of 4CI Van Ness, returned from
T Europe with advanced knowledge; ruaranteed
T treatment $.'»: safe and reliable cure in one
f day: 15 years' successful practice in S. F. ;
f maternity home; low fees. 10C7 l j Market st
\ DR. G. W. CDONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
1 cases successfully r treatment can be used at
, home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
, Write or call at 10I3H Market st
' DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
'. and herb sanitarium, 704 "Sacramento st. cor-
ner of Kearny; 1 all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
1 advice free: office hours, 10 a. m. to 13 m.,
9 2 to 1 V. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
1 MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable SDeciallst: home
J in confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
{ fice. $5; any ailment; consultation free. { 943
7 Post st, between Hyde and Larkln.
: MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. $0: safe and re-
liable: consultation free. 1122 Market at. be:.
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 1223 Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
' title methods; cure guaranteed; treatment, $5.
- MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' special-
; Ist: guaranteed treatment at cfflce. $5; safe
i and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to S.
I DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st. the eminent
. female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
I DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 111S Market
1 st; every case guaranteed; $-5 up.
' DR. and MR3. M. WEGENER— Private home
* In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
: eases of the human body. 115 Mason st
•" MEDICATED BATHS.
' DR. CON ANT'S Compound Vapor Bath— Purl-
[ fles the blood: destroys disease germs; pro-
t tects ; cures; revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bills: outfits fcr sale: agents wanted; send for
booklet ANIDRO6IS. 47 Post st; office,
room 6: gents' baths. «: ladles'. 33.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at « per cent; Ist.' 2d and Sd'rnorN
gages, undivided interest real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing guslness el3e-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 544 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estate* In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
moragages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY .amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st
AT 126 Kearny st, room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service: money direct; lowest interest Rooms
63 and 69. Donohue building. 1170 Market st
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortsrazes, and on
. furniture or pianos; no removal: Jr.y amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 26 Montgomery.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOUSLEY. 321 Parrott building.
OLD gold bought; money loaned on every de-
scription of collateral. Coleman's, 606 Ivearr/r.
MONEY loaned on furniture, pianos, dia-
monds, etc. BRIDGES, 927 Market room 314.
CASH loaned to salaried people en note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 809 Examiner building.
$£0 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture. . pianos, without removal;, no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 336 Parrott build-
lng— Men can secure loans on personal note.
TO salaried men, without collateral or indorser;
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A GREAT SALE OF
PIANOS
PIANOS
Entire Stock of
HAMILTON-BANCROFT OCX
Consisting of
BTEINWAY,
CHICKERING,
WEBER,
;>; > HATNES BROS.'
BALDWIN,
BUSH & GERTS,
ELLINGTON.
HAMILTON.
AND OTHERS.
PRICES FROM U0 UPWARD.-
SNAPS FOR BUYERS.
BYRON MAUZY,
308-310-3U POST ST.
ARE you In need of a plane? We have a large
assortment of new and second-hand pianos of
the best makers; sold for cash or very easy
payments; $6 clown and $6 per month for an
elegant new upright; some good pianos for
$3. $1 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.. Stelnway dealers, corner Sntter and
Kearny sts., San Francisco; corner Thirteenth
and Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASB'3,
24. 2S and 30 O'Farrell «t ; pianos, organs and
ali other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. - :
KiIABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farreil St.
FINE assortment of old and new violins In all
sizes Just received from Europe: they were
" selected ,by experts for the MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO.. 7E> Market st t ._
THE Packard pianos are not cheap pianos, but
they are rlrst-class In tone and unequaled In
finish: you buy them for a short time only at
introductory prices at MAUVAIS'. 763 Mar-
ket it. : ¦ ¦ , -
3 STEINWAYS. 2 Chickertngs, J Sommer. 1
\ose & Sons; 5 Hetnes; store cpea evenings.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis st
A FEW pianos will be sold for storase at auc-
tion prices: dirt cheap for cash. WILSON'S
v Storage. 1710 Market st- ¦- ,
CONOVER, Colby and Spencer pianos. ; Spencer
W arerooms. ISIS Market st -
DON'T buy; rent -a new piano. $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes at.
W.* G.i BADGER, 412 Sacramento st. "agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
FINE Fischer * Stelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Ueary st.
GOOD upright ¦ piano; nearly new; : cheap.
HORNI/nO'S. 21« McAllister «t, ¦'_.'. ,
3IUSICAL EfSTBOIEXTS. j
A HANDSOME upright piano; perfect tont:
elegant case; used three months; $165: see It
before baying. Room 12. 809 Market st
BARGAIN-Good upright : cheap. SCHMITZ.
IS McAllister st. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS .• engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-M2l-KC3 Mlsstoa
st. above Sixth. ¦
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A— ALMOST new Remington breach-loadlr*
shotgun for $17; original cost |33. UNCLE
[ HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
'a FINE suit $10: dress pants. $2 73. BROWN
BP.OS. CLOTHING. 437 Montgomery st
AUTOMATIC sewing machine: oak woodwork;
latest attachments: cheap. 145 Sixth st.
GOOD-PAYING patent for sale. Inquir*
FRED. 3399 Eighteenth st. S. F.; references
required.
STEAM launch: compound engine and Ward
boiler, pamp, etc.: complete. 5H Mission st.
DENTAL chair (Morrison"*); complete: good
order. Apply r. 35. 1115 Broadway. Oakland.
TAPE NOME houses for sale; 12x15 feet, $150;
16x20 feet $200. Apply to the HuaboWt
Lumber Company, Third and Washington
sts.. Oakland. Cal.
GASOLINE engines; marine and •tationary:
second hand; guaranteed; all sizes. NEWELL
BROS.. 140 First st
NEW and second-hand ' slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1332 Market st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear st.
CASH registers, second-hand, of «* e nr de-
scription bought, sold, exchanged and re-
paired. 1309 Mission st. bet Ninth and Tenth.
EDI°ON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$1CO: concert records. $2 JO. BACIGALUPL
533 Market st. San Francisco.
A 5 H. P. double cylinder marine gas engine,
almcst new; complete. 516 Mission st
IOOfO FEET new rubber belting, half price.
ROBT. BRAND & CO.. £27 Third »t. Oakiand.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire aad burs«
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire asd bur«
glar proof safe. HS California «t
A— S3 JO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny »t. nr. Pine.
SAFES new and second-hand, all sizes. THE?
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
Dlt CREELY'S C. P. mange cure: by all drag-
glsts. or Dog Hospital. 81$ Golden Gate aye.
DOMESTIC tewing machine: 7 drawers: plated;
almost new: cheap. 1915 Mission st. near Uth.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planes, lathes.
Iron Sc wood: 2.1-hand. J. BUTtKF. 139 B«tl».
MISCELLAXEOCS WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITKK^AO. ITT» Marfcet ft.
OFFICES AXD STORES— TO LET.
CORNER grocery and bar; 3 Urine rooms;
fixtures to suit tenant; building nearly new.
NW. corner of Eighth and Natoma sta.
$11 — TO let; sunny store: counters aad shelvinsr.
and 2 living rooms. 1008 Natoma. near 11th.
$20— STORE: 2 show-windows and 5 large rooms;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st.
OPIUM.
OPIUM, mornhtne and whisky habit cured at
home; "absolutely painless": no cure no pay;
write for book. Operine Medicine Co.. box
190. Atlanta. Ga.
PALMISTRY. *
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to *. 61S Geary, nr. Joaen.
PARTXERS WASTED.
PARTNER wanted Jn a thoroughly established
wholesale business; $29.CC0 necessary. If you
have not the money do not answer. Box
4455. Call office.
PERSOXALS.
BELL&^OUDRT^'" ~~~~
IS NOT A LADY.
MR. A, WILLIAM, wtio resided at »33 Geary
st.. ISM. clease communicate with J. E.
GLUCK. International Hotel, Immediately.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates;
10 years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 J"»sie st.
STAMMERING corrected; booklet J. WHITE-
HORN, A.M., Ph.D., 1315 Linden st. Oakland.
AN experienced masseuse wishes to give mas-
sage treatment to a few more ladies at their
home; physicians' references. Address Mas-
sage, 800 Ellis st
LEDERER Quintonlca Is a perfect hair tone;
85c bot. Lederer's fcamo shampoo is the
best 5c pkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton »t.
A FINE suit to order $10 75. or pants $3 75: our
specialty In remnants allows us to sell cheap-
er than ready-made. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st, bet 7th and Sth, prop. One-price Tailor-
ing Co., 532 Kearny, near Sacto.: also 1644
Market st. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 100 rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bua and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE fashionable people all go to LEDERER'S
to have their hair dressed: newest styles ami
latest effects. 25c; manicuring. 25c; neatest
parlors In the city. 123 Stockton st
BLAND' S second-hand clothing store, 79 Ninth:
full value given for ladles', children' ¦ cast-oS
clothing, trunks, eto. Phone. Howard 11S2.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet Powell and Mason.
IF you wish full value far your cast-off cloth-
lng call on B. Cohen. 157 Third; tel Black 4123.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman. 954 Folsom; tel Folsom 1131.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts. leather
coats. H. M. HEINEMAN. 109 Sanaoma st.
PHYSICIASS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C C. CDONNELL— Office and residence.
102 m Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PLUMBERS.
W. E. LANE, phone Main 315. 603 California
st: everybody's plumber.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE^
toint^3bos~aveT^locic ~l™*~ 1 ™* W ~~*-
FOR SALE CHEAB
ZZZ feet on Point Lobos ay«,
473 feet on Fourteenth ay*.
255 feet on Clement st ¦
600 feet on Fifteenth aye.
The finest block tn Richmond District; fronts
Point Lobos. Fourteenth aye.. on the new
boulevard from the Park to Presidio. Clement
st. and electric cars: for sale as a whole; can
be subdivided and sold at a good profit In tho
near future.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Agents.
5 Montgomery at.
$iSOO '
1-5 cash; balance monthly payments
Rents $7S> a year
new modern flats Just finished, 631 Waller st.
between Pierce and Scott: one short block
/from Halght-st cars. F. NELSON, builder,
on premises.
IF you have lots In Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly ifcea
call on W. J. GUNN. 830 California st.
HAVE you real estate In the Mission or Hor-
ner"s Addition that you wish to dlscose o£
then call on W. J. GtrNN.'SSO California st
COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x123. 3K»
DiamcVd st. near Twentieth: no agents..
$JSCO— WORTH $4000: store. 3 rooms, bath- flat
above. 5 rooms, bath; rented $30. 107 Pacific.
COTTAGE— S rooms, bath, basement, stable* 14
block from Market st Apply 2403 Folsom *st.
REAL ESTATE: COUNTRY For Sale
A GENUINE "Snap", bargain; must sell this
weekrSO acres very richest of highly culti-
vated level loam in crop; not an Inch o»
waste; fenced; 110 bearing fruit trees: resi-
0D N. D." EICKELS-the LAND AGENT.
10 Geary st. epp Chronicle building. S. F.
A BARGAIN; $2000 ranch for $1200- ISO acres."
house barn, stock, furniture: all level; p^rty
going to Cape Nome. Particulars to H Mx^
NARD. Hunters. Tehan£ County. Cat.'
F ™ R ,J^!r I T^ C £ ea £ *" acre fruit and chicken
¦SKS sU.^lm^rgi'i; IDqUl ~ «* b^-
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg"
£?n£ ?^* Ie JS S , onom a. Contra Costa/Glen!;
Eanta Crux, Shasta and Tehama CoaT. CaL
600 PAIRS drummers' sample shoes at manu-
facturer's cost. J. Kohlf«>cher. 143 Fourth et.
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
KEGULAR SI 50 boyß' shoes, ail s!2esT7T?7.»s"cts
Regular fl 25 ladiee' oxford tie* 85 cts
Children's kid, lace or button, sizes 8 to 11.75 c
People's Shoe Store, 1303 Stktn, nr. B'dway.
SPIRITUALISM.
WANTED- Email ciilld to board; hem of care;
jr<w' home. ZCb Ffc'.l st
WARDING I'OR CHILDREN.
PRIVATE hf-me for children, 1 day to 13 years,
by week or month; large sunny yard: select
neigh borhocd: mothers care; kindergarten;
terms low. 32C4 Post St., bet- Geary & Sutter.
COACHMAN with gcod references. $30. a R
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
DATH CABINETS THERMAL.
ROBINSON" 15 (-panel folding; s«e it before
buying. TV. S. BROWN. Ooa.*t Agt.. 426 Ellis.
L. P. CLAKK. Emma fpreckeis bidg.. ?27 Mar-
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office: established over five years.
421 Post st; telephone Bush 135.
ADVICE free: co charpe unless euccessful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. J27 Market st. opp. Mason.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
*•••••••¦ WANTED RAJLROAD WORK
BO 4-horse teamsters $3 a day
60 2-horse teamsters $1 fa a day
60 rockmen $2 a day
10 concrete mixers $2 a day
60 Dick and shovel men $1 75 a day
And free fare to work
Apply to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
MANDOLIN, the latest fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. lOCS Mission; violtn.gultar.
$33) — GROCERY, bar and lodging-house; doing
jrood business. 129 Perry st.
AYRES', leading business college, 723 Market;
individual Instruction: bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing; life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est ISC4.
VAN DETt NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
ANNUAL rr.eetlnc— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be he!d at the oJSce of the
eorr.f-any, 227 Market St.. Han Francisco, Cal.,
cr: MONDAY, the £Cth day of March, ISOO, at
the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year ar.d the tr£Lnsai?tion of such other busi-
ness a* may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer bocks will <.!<.*» on Friday. March 16. 1900,
at 12 m. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
•*•— HOTEL OTHER DEPTS.
14 cooks $50, $40, $35. $30, $25 and found
12 waiters and dishwashers
"••••• $35. $25. $30. $20 and found
Butcher, city shop Job. $25 and found; boys
..for trades: ship steward, $50 and found; fry
cook, $65; 6 laundrymen, , ironers. washers.
$3o and found; boy for butcher; porters, night
Eteward; 185 other positions not advertised.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay Bt
KOTICE— International Bricklayers' Union No.
1 of California meets EVERY MONDAY in
The Temple. 137 Turk St.: hall cpen every
«say between 9 and 5: ail I. U. men invited;
charter open for Su days; contractors or build-
era wanting men inquire at hall.
W. D. PICK EM ~. President
WTLLTAJI XI/CIX. NICHOLAS DUGAN.
WILLIAM J. gHKKDY. I. U. Committee.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
B. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught 305 Van Ness.
TERBA Baera Lod£-e of Perfection So. ...-.
I— Meeting THIS (FIUDAY) EVEN- jeT
ING at % o'clock. D. 14. A
geo. j. noBE. JeL
Secretary.
$1500 BIG bargain- wholesale and retail tea,
coffee and npice company in large city; near
Ban Francisco. Box 3030. Call office.
CARPENTER shop for sale at a bargain: rent
only $6; must be sold this week. Apply 127
Turk et.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Corr.rr.aniery No. \, K. , •£_
T. % Post St.— Stated assembly THIS TaST*
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Order cf the JrjJ
Temple. All fraters cordially invited. \a*
By order of the Em. Com. *
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
$3500 WILL buy a good paying office and Im-
porting business that will pay at least $4000
per year; reason for selling, have to leave
the State on important business; have JJMOO
worth of stock on hand; staple goods: half
cash and half In one year to the right party;
investigate and see for yourself. Address
box 3012. Call office.
RESTAURANT for eale; good location: good
business; cause sickness. Box 3013, Call.
DEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
*1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy St.
CAPITAL furnished on first-class mining pro-
positlon. F. H. MORSE. 150 Nassau St. N.Y.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business: fair treatment. Liquor; Dealers
Journal, E39V4 California st. room L ¦
WANTED
Farmer and wife on nice ranch, sear city.
Scandinavians preferred, $50 per month and
. board
J more minera.*V.*.V.7.V.7™.l*"!i!!i3 per* "day
Laborers for mine ...'...126 and board
Carriage washer for nice stable, near city, *35
and board; 2 farm hands for orchard. Santa
Clara Co., J25 and J2fl: milkers and others.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay at. . ? •
O I let— House |of 1 9 I rooms and bath; on - Bu-
chanan, near California. ; Inquire of W. H."
CRIM.,II»; Montgomery.*. ¦
MAN wanted to assist In • Job and M gardening.
Call : at store corner Epruc* and Sacramento.
HOUSES— LODGING— To Let.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has. been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p.m. ¦ -
SITUATION wanted by young man at' house-
cleaning or any other work by the day. HEN-
RY ANDERSON. 952 Bush st -
ACTIVE partner wanted in a first-class quartz
mine; no experience required, . shut good
tool sharpener preferred. . Call or address M.
SPRINGER, 115 Eighth st. city. ;. y
200 HORSES 10CO to 1400 pounds, SO head 1200 to
1300 pounds, unbroken, at the Canty Ranch,
; Grayson, Cal." .. ; . . -
GROCERY, hay. feed and coal yard In Sou-th
Berkeley; doing cood business; rent cheap; at
bargain. Address box 2711. Call. Oakland.
tIWC — FOR eale; restaurant; fine location; a
fortune to the right party: owner has two
places. Addresa box 30S1. Call cfflce.
DENTISTS.
FOR eale— Good-paying restaurant on account
cf parties leaving the city; rent paid until
April 10. Inquire at 12 Washington st.
SITUATION wanted by a young man taking
care of horses, cow, garden; good driver; refer-
ence. Box 3044, Call office. . ¦ . » -
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
: at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m. ¦ -
FIRST-CLASS cutter and designer on ladies'
tailoring, late of New York, wants position.
Address box 3060, Call office. '•.,-.¦/... : :-¦
PARTNER to travH in balloon business; clear-
Ing $300 a month; must have $IV>; no experi-
ence required. PROF. J. C. FELTON, Aero-
naut 422 Minna st. after S p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.,
125J— PARTNER: old-established real estate
and business exchange. Jones Co.. 865 Market
'RETIRING from clothing and rent's furnlsh-
lng roods business; stock and fixtures for
•ale; store to rent at 44 East et, near Mis-
sion; ssuUl capital needed.
YOUNG colored man wishes work la private
family tending horses or porter In barber
shop or saloon. Call for one week 713 Broad-
way, basement
ENGINEER who Is taking a thorough elec-
trical engineer's course wants employment in
line with studies; can give reference. -Ad-
dress Engineer, box 4479, Call office.
WELL recommended young man. with Al ref-
erences, would like position as a clerk or
manager In a gents' furnishing business, hats
or shoes; had position 6 years with one firm.
TWO talloresses wanted: steady work. Call at
2132 Mission st. near Eighteenth.
IMPROVERS on skirts and waist FRANCES,
796 Sutter st -:U. :
A GREAT sacrifice: corner grocery: death
cause eaJe. COWING & CO.. 71» Market et.
A BRANCH cfflce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 d. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
MME. MARQUISE, medium, has removed to S
Hyde st, readings and treatments daily.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and mibscrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
1507 Market st, near
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test business
medium, life reader: sitting $L 1104 Market
OFFER wanted for a first-class saloon near
Market snd O'Farrell fib. ; must be sold. Full
particulars J. E. SLINKEY & CO., 1 Fifth
SALOON fcr pale la a fine central location; has
6 family rooms connected ; a bargain ; must be
sold on account of sickness. Particulars from
J. E. SLINTCEY & CO.. 1 Fifth Ft
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $1
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
WANTED— A first-class 'dishwasher; call at
once. 105 California Market.
A FEW hundred more sewing machine operat-
ors wiil find work in Lev! Strauss & Co.'s fac-
tory. 32^. Fremont st. MR. DAVIS, foreman.
JBSO— CORNER ealoon: north of Market st
Mclaughlin & co.. 77714 Market st.
MEDA HOSKINS, K23 Mkt. bet. 10th & 11th—
Clr. Mon. 8 p. m., Thur. 2 p.m., 25c; sit dally.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework;
wages $10. 12 Hartford st, off Eighteenth,
near Castro.
WANTED— Youny girl to assist with light
housework and help In bakery. Call at 142
WANTED — First-class shoemaker who can do
good repairing. 6 Twenty-ninth st
tTSO— PARTNER wanted; lUrht. well-establish-
ed indoor business; will oay over $75 per
month each. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 ii
Market street
WANTED— Two men on bean tn buckakla
tannery at West Berkeley. F. E. DEACH.
BAKERS' helper; some experience. Apply 515
Third st ••s r.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.; 25c. 409 Leavenworth St.
TWO buttonhole makers and • finishers on
coats; good wages. 135% Natoma st, near
New Montgomery.
WANTED— A boy to learn caks-baklng. Call
616 Hayea st
STRONG girl for cooking and general house-
work; wages $15 a month. Apply after 7:30
a. m., 203 Valencia st
A— 5500; 6ALOON and lunchhouse; between fac-
tories and lumber-yards : daily receipts $15;
rent $20; a snap. R. G. WILKE, SO6 Market
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
A— ssoo; CORNER grocery and bar; vicinity
Sixth and Howard sts.; living rooms; gcod
business; ch.ap rent. Call K. G. WILKE,
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth: 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister st, r. 35; admission 10c
A— »4:.O: 6ALOOX. with 3 living rooms; rent
527 50; Valer.i-la «.; good business; bargain.
R. O. WILKE, «« Market st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a situation; best of
references; no objection to large family. Can
be seen by applying any time this week at 811
Washington st, Oakland.
GOOD cook wishes to go to Cape Nome with
respectable parties. Address 911 Bush st.
WANTED— Situation as cook: first class: Oak-
land or city preferred : $30. Address &65
Fourteenth st, Oakland.
BRIGHT retail Jewelry salesman of city expe-
rience; steady position; state references and
salary expected. Address box 3035, Call office.
A— t;j j. CORNER talocn; established many
years ar.d doing a rushing business; choicest
location; or.ly 2 blocks north of Chronicle
tu:j-:.:». rent $75; owner going East Call
R. G. WILKE. i.« 6 Market st.
GIRL for light housework. 2631 Seventeenth,
st. near Dolores.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a situation: best of
references: no objection to large family. Can
be seen by addressing box 2732, Call, Oakland.
Al LADIES' tailor to work on Jackets and
waists: good wages; come ready to work.
462H Thirteenth st.. Oakland. :
JI4CO CORNKR grocery Etcre and bar, with 3
living rooms, kitchen aad cellar; rent HI;
placfe established for 30 years; next to th«
leading br-Ewery at th'S city; a mint Call
B, G. V.ILKK. Ml Market *t., room 8.
RESPECTABLE -woman with girl S years old
wants housework or cooking; wages mod-
erate. Call 417 Fremont st. near Harrison.
WANTED— Salesman on high-priced book prop-
osition;^ cold on a new scheme: big money
for experienced man; state experience. Ad-
dress box 3057, Call oßlce.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— WOO— PALOON &nd lunch house; establirhpd
xnany yeiirs aad doing a good paying busi-
ness; rent S4O; best location; close to Eutter
et.; investigate at once; a rare chance. Call
li. G. WILKE. 9CS Market Et.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Rrvealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all rkin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
sh* has made are the talk of the whole Elope.
"WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
fcealthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always successfu l and tatiffactory, and all
correspondence is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061
Seventh aye.. Eaet Oakland, Cal.
N. 8.-^Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get of? at Clinton Station. 2d station from
Broadway.
LADY manager and cashier for an Incorporated
company; salary $40. Box 3056. Call office.
WANTED— Draughtsman, mechanical work,
building mills, etc., and on machinery; good
wages. See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WOMAN with a child would like a place as
housekeeper or cook on a ranch for a few
men; country preferred. Call -713H Bush st
BOOK!* — NEW AXD OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS boDSjbt and exchanged.
Batmen Bonk fin.': " r * V*«<oti «t.. rear Third.
OONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone Ea«t 126.
YOUNG girl to do light housework; family of
2. Call between 10 and 11 a. m.. 1399 O'Far-
rell st
WANTED— Young American typewriter and
stenographer, $50. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st
GOOD responsible American lady wishes to
take care of rooms for rent of 1 large room
with stove: best of references given if needed.
Box 3049, Call office.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. MBln 354. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
WANTED— GirI for housework and assist with
young child. Apply at 3711 Clay Bt, near
Spruce. .
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
ft.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CHILD to care for: mother's care given; no
other children. Inquire IW-3 Washington st.
WANTED— French butler and valet $40 and
found; broiler. $45; fry cook. $15 week: 8
waiters. $35; hotel waiter, $30: Janitor. $S
week, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62$ Sacramento st
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
FIRST-CLASS Japanese. Chinese employment
office; best help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas. Aramori, SOC4 Stockton: tel. John 212 L
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXS.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. hag re-
sumed rractic* at En Cal. St.. Clunis bidg.
A— £o WOODSMEN and laborers for sawmill
and woods. $20 to $35 and board: $0 laborers
for sawmill and woods. $26 and board and
fare paid; 10 tiemakers. 13c a tie; 60 wood-
choppers, 75c to $1 &> a cord: 20 teamsters and
farmers for orchards and vineyards. $26 and
board; 10 milkers, $30 and $25; dairyman. $25:
ranch blacksmith, $50; 3 miners, $2 50 a day;
3 stablemen and hostlers, $2S. C R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
Co fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 650 Market, ccr. Stocktn.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
CLASSES in German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
PPOF. «. MaSERY cf Errpt. greatest astrolo-
r'.rt and palmist In the wsrld; satisfaction
rc«r»nt»ed. 427 Golden Gate aye.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
ASTROLOGY.
LADIES — Agents: something new. CO2 Geary
*t.. San Franc;i>co.
A SALOON for pale in good location. Apply en
premises, 16CS Valencia st
WANTED — Salesman for £rst-c!ass book prop-
osition; experienced man cnly need apply.
i ,-= : -*-c« Vj^*- mm r*«*i n**/>A
AGENTS WANTED.
HELP WAXTED-FEMALE.
WORKING partner: opportunity seldom of-
fered. Room 3S, 192* Market st
A— OLD-ESTABLISHED barber shop for sale,
paylns big: location the best: cause of sale
sickness. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st
A SALOON for sale cheap; located in the
Potrero. Apply en premlst-s, 1543 Kentucky.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 5135 Market st. : telephone Jessie 761.
FURNITURE WASTED.
$100 — GOOD paying restaurant nr. Sutter car-
housfc; rent 115, store, living nn. lOCS Larkin.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st
EDUCATIOXAL.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, hone-
shoeing business; 15 years present location;
cheap «n acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing.plnklng. 121 Port over O'Connor & Motfat
NEW bakery or laundry; 3-can milk wagon: 2-
seated spring wagon; 3 grocery or delivery
wagons. 22 Ccrtland aye.
NEWLY furnished flat: 7 large rooms" and
bath; modern conveniences. Apply 1445 ilo-
• Allister st. ¦
A- O. H.. Division No. 2— The thirty- *^f*Ti
first annual ball of this division will V;v'/
be heid at B'nai B'ritli Hall. 121 Eddy sL'jß
Ft. on SATURDAY. Ma.rch 17. UuO ~cV.-U>
(St. Patrick's Eirtt). The officers and* • fe*
member* txtecd a cordial invitation to ail
their friends, ar.d premise a good time to
all. Doors open at 7:"0 p. m. Grand march
at i:2S. F;rtt-class union music.
BARTLY LEE. President
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post
J7P0 — FELECT rooming house; 9 rooms, all full;
elegantly and newly furnished: Investigate;
permanent roomers. 437 Golden Gate aye.
REGULAR meeting cf the Caledon- v cy >_
ian Club THIS EVENING at 5 3^, Wt^J
o'clock at PotUeh Hall. 117 L&rkin
et ANGUS McLEOD, Chief. %2yw
ANDREW McNAIK. Secretary. '
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
DOG HOSPITAL.
FOR sale— ln Alameda, meat market; good lo-
cality. Apply to Western Meat Co., Second
and Franklin sts.. Oakland.
A.. MECHANICAL HELP.......
Carpenters, coopers, machinists, harness-
• maker
6 carpenters, house work, 9 months' Job. $2 80
day: Shasta Co., board, etc.. $20 per month;
8 coopers, $2 50. $3 day; machinist, planer
lathe hand, $3 to $3 50 day; brick molder, $3
day, see boss here;-hamessmaker, repair work
on ranch; blacksmith, heavy work, $3 50 day;
blacksmith helper: weaver on wire mattress
and others. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638
* Clay st. ¦-,-,;¦/ -
OLD established restaurant for sale; good busi-
ness; fine locality: small rent; everything
complete; price $223. Box 3041. Call office.
ELEGANT sunny flat; 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wil-
low aye., near Laguna st' .
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN SS4S
....Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
............WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M.
38 farm and vineyard hands.. s26| $25. $20 Sc fd.
t 27 milkers and buttermakers
..$35. $30, $25, found
14 chore men and boys.. s2s, $20, $15. $10, found
Milker and buttermaker, only 25 cows..s3o, fd.
2 milk wagon drivers, city Jobs.. s3o, $25 & fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
FLATS TO LET.
BEATUIFUL new 5-room sunny flat: porcelain
tub. 6 Chelsea place, off Bush, bet Stockton
and Powell. • '
WANTED........
Driver for milk rout* in city; young single
man with references: salary $35 per month
and found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st. near
Eleventh — Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
FIXAXCIAL.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071% Market st. : examinations free: German
eyewater by mail. SOc. Phone, Mint 257.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 29 O'Farrell *t. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by I his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years. F
HELP WAX TED— MALE.
DENTISTS.
THE SAN FIIAKCISCO CALL, FIUDAY, MAHCH 16, 1900.
SAX FRAJfCISCO CALL.
STEIXESa OFFICE of the Fan Franrfi-eo
Can. rcrr.er of Market and Third rtreets. open
eritn 12 o'clock every night In the rear.
BRANCH OFFICES— ET7 Montgomery *treet.
rcrntr Clay; cpen until 1:33 d. m.
£t» Hayes rtreet: open uatll 9:19 p. tn.
O» McAllister etreet: cpen until S:tO p. m.
CJS Larkln *tr*et; cpen until *:Sft p. m.
XMI Mission street: cpen until 10 p. m.
S2tl Market rtreet. corner Elxteenthj open
cstn » p. m.
106 Eleventh rtreet: epea on!!l S p. nu
1C96 Valencia street: open until t p. m.
X 223 Polk etreet: cpen until » p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until • p. m.
$400— SALOON with 1 living rooms; fine trade,
Cal) at Ltquor Dealers' Journal. 6S9H Cali-
fornia st. room 1.
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal, 639' i California tt. room 1.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
ext, crowne, bridgework; open Sund. till 12.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
day*. 1001 Market st, comer Sixth.
IK you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st
NINETEENTH, 3950. near Noe— Lorely sunny
lower 5-room flat, with room on porch; $18;
water free.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market
TWO new. modern, sunny flats; 5 rooms and
bath each. 967 and 975 Golden Gate aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
UPPER flat of fine sunny rooms; nice cellar.
TlOMi Clementina st : rent cheap. •
$15-rFLAT of 5 rooms and bath. 2105 Mission
st. near Seventeenth.
6-ROOM sunny flat; rent $14; to adults; 2616
Mission st Apply 844 Capp st ' ,
$14— WORTH $18: flat, 5 rooms, bath. 1417 Pa-
cific Bt.. near Hyde.
BRANCH bakery cheap; rent $15. 1790 Folsom
street. •
GOOD-PAYING business, cheap; parties going
away; over SM> customers; horses and wagon.
Call 312 Capp Et.
PARISIAN dressmaking. BS7 Geary it. ; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit
FURMSUED FLATS EOR SALE.
6-ROOM flat, nicely furnished; all full; : rent
reasonable; a bargain. 212% Sixth st
A— TO THE MINES, stables and city help.
6 miners, single-hand work, gold mine, fare
$2 50 |75
10 laborers, city Jobs, $30 and fd., $1 75 a day;
6 miners, hard rock mine $75
12 laborers (no experience required).. s34 & fd.
6 drillers, near S. F., fare 25c $S0
6 stablemen, city and country; also buggy
washers, harness cleaners, etc., $50, $45 and
$25 and found. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
COMPANY promotion Is our specialty; we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.&1.C0.. !20 California St., r. 6-7.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Fine furniture of 3 housekeeping
rooms; will sell as whole or by piece if de-
sired. 309 Hyde st, from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m. -
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. 8. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical «nd mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free. - .
FOR EALE— A fine downtown route; this
paper; in business section. Apply Call office.
ELEGANT furniture of 7 looms; separate
pieces or as a whole. 1235 Golden Gate aye.
A— WE PAY. YOUR FARE.. to sawmills and
WOOdS ;#; #
25 laborers (no exserience required). $26* and
found; 236 woodchoppers. tiemakers, etc.,
tools and crovisions advanced, some at the
gold mines. $2 50, $2. $1 80, $1 75c cord. 12c.
13c, lie. 10c eaaft. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st. '
BAR fixtures for sale at a bargain. £12 Jack-
Eon st.. corner Montgomery aye.
BOOKKEEPING as it is done: superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building. ¦
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $43 50. with No,
7 rang*. K'ne Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
SHOE chop; good location; fine business. "Box
3306. Cill office.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
ESPINA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ROUTE cf Hi papers on this paper for tale.
Box €. Oakland Postoffice.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAPWELL fc CO.. 412 Sacramento st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
"C. R, HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT IS6"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
7 waitresses, country, $20; 3 waitresses, city,
$20; 4 restaurant waitresses and lunch and
dinner, $5 and $6; 3 chambermaids to wait
$20: 2 chambermaids, $15; woman cook, work-
ingmen's hotel. $25. ,
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and housegirl. family of 2, San Rafael.
$25. good place, see party here at 2 to-day;
nursegirl. with city references. $20; houseglrl
on ranch, nice place, $20; » houseglrl. sleep
home, $17 50; 5 housegirls, across the bay, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languaees. Miss M. G. Barrett. 332 Montgy.
A BRANCH cfflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia ft.
NURSE for sanitarium; Eastern preferred; see
party here; $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
CHEF for a club. $100; chef for hotel, European
plan, $100; head meat cook, American hotel,
$.0; baker and pastry cook, hotH. $60; 4 cooks,
country. $40, $30 and $25; potwasher, country
hotel. $25; 6 dishwashers and kitchen hands,
J3O. $25 and $20; pantryman. $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NEW & "i-hand wagons', buggies, carts & har-
ness, wk & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Offlc* furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, oft O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
STRONG cart. In good condition, suitable for
collector, butcher, for sale cheap. 226 14th st
WANTED— Waitress, country resort, $20, fare
paid; chambermaid and waitress. $20, city;
6 restaurant waitresses, $5, Id a week; laun-
dress, $25; colored cook. $30, no wash; 4
cooks, $23, city and short distance: 4 second
girls, $15. $20; Protestant housegirl. $30, coun-
try; 4 nurseglrls, $15, $20; 60 houseglrls for
city and country, $20, $25. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st
WANTED— Young girl to assist In house-work
In a small family; no children. 1413 A Mason
Bt, bet. Pacific and Broadway.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Teharaa et: tel. S. 40.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
FTEVENS. mzr.. 25-40 Sth st.; tel. South 200.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole maker*
and apprentices on custom work. 509 Kearny
st, room 2.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best heir 4144 O'Fsrr»U st.: t»l. Ea«t 428.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson rl.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gouga
and Grove sta.
WANTED— Two garaeners and wives for pri-
vate families, $50 to $60; fruit farmer and
wife, $35 and Increase; band«fcawyer for lum-
ber mill; oil well borer, $5 day and board;
dairyman for Institution, see boss here this
morning; farmers. $1 day; milkers, $25. $30,
$35: driver for milk wagon. $25 and frrand
and others. J. F, CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sac-
ramento st
WANTED— GirI for Vallejo; assist with house-
work and help take care of child; very small
family. Apply IS3O O'Farrell st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FE3IALc3.
POSITION wanted — Young lady of refinement
desires to act as governess or companion to
party traveling in Europe or on an outing
In California. Address L. A. CARTER, Oak-
land P. O.
YOUNG lady (trained nurse) would be glad to
hear of position to assist doctor. Address
box 3&30. Call office.
MACHINE operators wanted at H. ANDER-
SON'S, 26 O'Farrell st. cosrumer. -
WANTED— GirI to do housework and 1 plain
cooking. Call at 39E3' Twenty-fifth st
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel Jessie ISS.
NEAT woman will assist in nice family where
she will have good home: small wages; good
references. Box 3053, Call office.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; paid ' while
learning. 1504 California st.
WANTED— A bright, active young man for
gent's furnishing goods department. Apply
to WEINSTOCK. LUBIN & CO.. 623 Market
st, from 2 to 3 p. m.
WANTED — Girl for cooking and general house-
work. Apply 2210 Central aye.; $20.
YOUNG woman wants housecleanlng- morning;
cleaning empty houses by day. 174 Silver st,
corner Fourth.
WANTED— A girl to work on coats. 1143 Fol-
som st
WANTED— Two first-class edrermen, a black-
smith and a cook for a large sawmill in
Fresno County. Apply at the STERNS MFG.
CO.. 17 Main st. between 12 and 2 p. m.
RUSSIAN Finn girl wishes situation to do
general housework. Please call at 157^4 Clara
st., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing; references required. 207 Larkln, flat 12.
GIRL to mind baby and do light housework.
1710 Polk st
WANTED— Saleslady both Industrious and in-
telligent At 1323 Stockton st, millinery.
WANTED— Two good barber* for Earurda-
797 Mission st
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday steady
629 Union st .
GIRLS WANTED.
To work on shirts; beginner* taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. S$H Fremont st; elevator.
BARBER wanted— Single man only; steady Job.
132 Pacific st
COMPETENT woman to examine work In
ladles' shirtwaist and underwear factory;
good, steady position. BAUER BROS. &
CO., 21 Sansome st *
BARBER wanted for Saturday and i Sunday-
good wages. 1394H {Valencia st
REFINED young girl for light housework and
to take care of child 6 years old. Apply to-
day between 10 and 12, at 2203 Buchanan Bt;
references. , ¦
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st, near Mission.
WANTED— First-class , ladies' - ' tailor* at
SCHIMMEL & STOVER' a 408 Sutter st
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work by the
day. Address MISS OSTERGREN, SC9 Sev-
enth Et
WANTED— By a strong girl, work in restau-
rant: can wait a little: $4 a week and board;
no Sunday work. Call 1020 Howard, room 11.
TOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
st. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse, not trained: will assist with light
work; references. 828 Geary st.
MBS. MEYER, 335 McAllister; trance, business ;
sit. daily; test clr. to-night, 10c; Friday at 2.
EXPERIENCED girl wishes to take care of in-
fant Apply 17558 Howard st
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921% Mlssion.opMint
WANTED— A first-class bootblack at 233 O*Far-
reUst v -:.-;-
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper;
city or country. 1006 Tennessee st
NAPOLONAC Scientific Developing Circle at
222 Eddy #t. to-night; upeialrs; ZZc admission.
WANTED— Waiter at the Golden West Hotel.
6S-76 EUls st - 7-
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurse «rirl for boy .1 years old; must do sew-
ing. 997 Golden Gate aye. ¦.«¦•-. .
WANTED — A lunch waiter for coffee house 1
$4 per week. 817 Montgomery st.
YOUNG girl to assist with general housework
and cooking. Call 2527 Pine st
GIRL for housework in Oakland, $16 month.
Apply room 606. Call building.
GERMAN-SPEAKING boy. HUSCHLER. 3056
Twenty-fifth at, nr. Harrison; before 9 a. m.
STEADY, sober man as partner In saloon;
small capital required. 130 Fourth rt.
EDWARD EARLE, independent slate writer,
330 Ellis et; circle Bun. and Wed. evenlnes.
ARNOLD, Dlckson. give everybody tests to-
night; 10c; Fittings, 25c, EOc. 14S Sixth, room 1.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wanted on Jackets
and waists; must be rapid and proficient la
. all details. .Apply STEIN, SIMON & CO.
DANISH girl to be generally useful. 1524 Fell
St., near Ashbury.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders wanted; also 1
apprentices. 605 Montgomery st ; .
LADY solicitors for high grade portraits; good
pay. Room 69, St Ann's bldg.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1143 Mission.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
"to EOo. 662 Mission St., bet Ist and 2d sts.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sitting* daily. 21*14 Sixth et.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at- HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names irlven ; 25c up. S Fourth st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
BY young man of 24. position going north for
any reliable company; thorough practical
knowledge of mining:, best of references and
bond If necessary. For further particulars
¦write or call room 469, 44 Third st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. Me; ladles. 914 O'Farrell *t.
LINDELL 'House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
YOUNG girl for general housework; between
15 and 18; small family.. 1530 Grove St. : .".
FURNISHED rooms, 75c, $1, $1 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN. 514 Fourth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. BHEPARD & CO., Attor-
........neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
' ' lencla'st....' ":; r ' -: : -- "¦:•' ¦¦-¦ ¦ ¦ v'-
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. :25c night; reading room; free
•bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
COTTAGE, large rooms, large yard. 122 Fell
street. "s.VV:
!S — SUNNY cottage of 3 rooms and large yard.
3277- Seventeenth St., near Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent - to any . address In the
''i United States or Canada one year for ji.
¦postage paid. ' ' "' -: ' .
HORSES, LIVE STOCKS Etc— For Sale
CARPENTERS' WANTED to. STAY/ away
f rcm San Francisco, as there are many idle
men here, notwithstanding advertisements to
I the contrary. DISTRICT COUNCIL OF CAR-
• PENTERS. ' ,-;>•:; : :¦:&•¦<¦' <V<,->-:-\ -X :.«;-.' I
JAPANESE young boy wants situation as
schoolboy In the city. TAKEDA," 431 Steven-
son st. -.-...- , .-.¦.¦,-¦¦..
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
. and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams. ¦*: ;
JSO-^-LIGHT, wagon, horse and harness: buggy.
, $25; delivery wagon. $40. 19 City Hall aye. ?
NICE lot for a* horse anu buggy. H. W. DA-
VIS, '„¦ room 9.7 905 s Broadway. •; Oakland. v . $ rv-
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. €05 G. G. ay.-
TWO coatmakers wanted." : 1055 Broadway.' Oak-
-- land." - :.* ¦•*-,-- .I:-.;-: -,-.,¦¦ ;• ¦.¦.'..¦.-;-.; 1 ¦¦,:--.,"]
10Time— %, :1S; %, :87&; : %, 1:02: ; %. :1:28H. Winner. 3. P.. Meehan's : eh. m., by Imp Midi
lothlan-Half Sister. . Alice stopping badly .at finish. Gold Baron came back on earth Bell
boy forgot to call Ross on itoyal PrU*. Cyril quit. Scratched— Jael 106, ; Tom ' CUvert ; 104.
- Senora Oaeaar 10J. '^
¦ ¦ . ...*-.., ¦ _ - ' ¦ — .¦-. -¦"<¦-¦-.¦-¦-._>¦¦'.- >'. .¦>¦-.¦¦"¦¦.. ¦ . ~-\ .-. ¦.¦. ¦ * '.."-- ¦-¦'«',. -¦"-„_ .-'-¦¦.-'-
fIfILIFORNIA 111 1 MITED
Santa Fe Route
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. la Effect Saa Frandscov
October 13, ¦
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
T:3oam 8:00 am Novatou- l!>:4oam »:40an»
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:06 ptn 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:25 pm 4:22 pra
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 19-.EJ aa
Healdsburs;
Lytton,
Qeyservlile,
•8:30 pm 8:00 am cloverdals. 7:33 pta ItHpta
7:30 ami IHopland and I T~
I 8:00 am| Uklab, [ 7rSS pmj t^3 pra
7:30 am 10:23 asa
9:00 am GaemerCla. TiB3 pm
8:30 x>m C:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9t13 am 8:10 axa
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ell ?n. 8:03 pra 8:22 pra
T:3O ami 8:00 ami SebastopoL 110:40 amjtO:2s am
3:30 pm| 5:0) pxn| | 7:32 pra| «:JJ pa
Jl4OO-CORNER lot: Santa Clara aye.; 60x150;
near Morton-st. station.
$1500— Fine lot; Coxl£W; Para et.. near the
bay; bargain.
$1000— Elegant lot, west side of Lafayette st..
near San Antonio aye.: snap.
18200— New modern 8-room house; Alameda
avenue, near Lafayette St.; large lot.
ISSO0 — New Colonial, 7-room cottage; Grand
si.. Dear Alameda aye.; easy Installments;
large lot: snap.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda; all the
above can be bought on easy terms.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT.
1500 Park Et., Alameda.
CHAMPION STAKE
WILL BE RUN AT
INGLESIDE PARK
Eight Crack Greyhounds
Promise Sport of an Ex
citing Character.
This Stake WEI Ba Supplemented by
an Open Stake in Which Aro
Entered Dogs of Good
The feature of the sport at Ingleside
Coursing: Park this week will be an elgrht
dog champion stake to be run In addition
to an open stake. The champion stake
will be reserved for Sunday afternoon, It
being run in its entirety after luncheon.
The sport will commence to-morrow at 1
o'clock and on Sunday at 11. The drawa
last night at Pythian Castle resulted In
pairing off the dogs as follows:
Champion stake, elg-ht dogs— Kay Bros.'
Hanker vs. Lowe & Thompson's Flora Mc-
Donald; E. D. Fallon's Lily of the West V 3.
J. Dean's Connemara; J. O' Shea's Golden Rule,
vs. H. A. Deckelman's Rocker; Curtis & Sons*
Beacon vs. Russell, Allen & Wilson's Master
Clalr.
Open stake, fifty-eight dogs— Low* & Thomp
son's Prince Hal vs. J. Byrnes' Battleship; J.
McEnroe's Admiral Sampson vs. M. B. Kav>
anaugh's Hard Lines; T. Logan's Miss Grizzle
vs. J. Anthony's Patria; Russell. Allen & Wil
sono's Miss Allen vs. Maher & Reid's Bad Boy;
J. Byrnes' Olympus vs. H. A. Deckelman'i
Flyaway; Connell Bros.' St. Helen vs. Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Miss Cable; O. Abercrombie'a
Rock Island Boy vs. N. Briggs' Galway Lass;
R. Pringle's Honor Bright vs. Russell, Alien
& Wilson's Belle Clalr; J. Dean's Brilllantlne
vs. F. A. McComb's Little Sister: Lowe A
Thompson's King's Borderer vs. H. Lynch's
Lexington; J, H. Perigo's Controller vs. Low*
& Thompson's Little Fullerton; J. CShea'a
Young America vs. P. Cronln's Cymro; P.
Brophy's Benicia Boy vs. J. IL Perigo's Lady
Davenport; W. H. Shears' Liberty Bell vs.
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Palm Flower; O.
W. Heintz's Rustic Beauty vs. G. Abercrom
bie's Victor King; H. Lynch's Lottie M vs. O.
Abercrombie's Rock Island King; D~ Hooper's
Morse's Patrol vs. Maher &. Reid's Nelllo
Bawn; J. R. Smith's Petronlus vs. J. Dennis"
October Woodcock; T. J. McHugh's Moss Rosa
vs Captain Kane's Mlra Monte: P. M. Clark
son's Flower of Gold vs. J. McEnroe's Strom
boli; E. D. Fallon's Faster and Faster vs. H.
A. Deckelman's Lawrence; P. M. Clarkson's
Silver Cloud vs. T. Tierney's Tea Rose; J.
McEnroe's Nor" west vs. J. Byrnes' Eleven
Spot: J. I. O'Brien's Wandering Tom vs. F.
G Pattersono's Bab-a-Dln; J. I. O'Brien's
Statesman vs. J. Perry's Commodore Nash; G.
W Heintz's Coquette vs. J. I. O'Brien's Pasha
Queen; Captain Kane's Greenhall vs. E. Mc-
Cormack's Valley Forge; J. Mooney's Silent
Treasure vs..' D. Shannon's Special Agent; J.
R. Smith's Sylvanus vs. P. Cronin's Master
Gordon.
MAY HERSCHEL WINS
THE MIDWEEK STAKE
Favorites Bun True to Form and But
• Few Short Ends Win at Ingleside
Coursing Park.
H. G. Nichols 1 imported b.itch May
Herschel won the final in the midweek
stake at Ingleside Coursing Park yester
day, with Russell, Allen & Wilson's Miss
Allen as runner-up. A few short ends
won. Carita Vincent was the best, beat
ing Buxton at 1 to 4. Following are the
day's results, with Judge J. P. Reilly's
ctticial scores:
MIDWEEK STAKE— F. C. Mack's Delia M
beat S. Handy's Lady Hugo. s— o; T. Logan's
Leah beat H. Lynch's Claibourne, "—0; J. H.
Pcrigo's Pennegrant beat A. J. Kemp's Re
member Me, B—3; Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Miss Allen beat J. McEnroe's Lady Trilby. U— l;
Curtis & Sons' Terronite beat G. Abercrombie's
Miss Richmond, 12—3; D. Shannon's Special
.Agent beat James Dean's Urilliantine. &— 3;
E. M. Kellcgg's lowa Boy beat Koy Scotfa
Daisy Deane, 10— S; J. H. Perigo"s Carita Vin
cent beat Jeff Martlnett's Buxton. 10—2: A. L.
Austin's Firm Foe beat J. H. Perigo's Onward,
3—2; J. Charlton & Son's Temple beat T. Lo
gan's Miss Grizzle. 2—o; D. Hooper's Morse
Patrol teat H. Lynch's Game Cock, v—l;u — 1; C.
Hanson's Masterpiece beat Jeff Martlnett's
Bt-rnal Boy, 4—l; M. B. Kavanagh's Hard
Lines beat J. Carroll's Columbia, 4—2; W. H.
Shear's Alarne beat J. McNeil's Pearl Mac,
6—o; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle beat F. Murphy's
Ornament, 9 — S: A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat
J. McEnroe's Johnnie F, s—l; J. R. Smith's
Magic beat P. Doyle's Wild Monarch. s—l; Con
nell Bros.' Log Boy beat H. Lynch's Lottie M.
7—3; Joe Perry's CommoJore Nash beat Con
nell Brcs." Good Bye, 2—o: Curtis & Sons' Echo,
a bye- W. H. Shear's Liberty Bell beat Rus
sell. Allen & Wilsoa's Miss Cable. 5-0: H. O.
Nichol'a May Herschel beat J. Flower's Key
stone. 4—2: H. G. Nlchol's.Treva beat D. Ford's
lionita. 4—o: G. 11. Abercromble's Victor King
beat C. E. Wiley's Merry Monarch, 7—4.7 — 4.
FIRST TlE— l)el!a M beat Leah, s—o: Misa
Allen beat Pennegrant. 10 — 3; Terronite beat
Special Agent, s—o;5 — 0; lowa Boy beat Carita Vin
cent, S—o;S — 0; Temple beat Firm Foe. 3—l; Master
piece beat Morfe Patrol, 4—o;4 — 0; Hard Lines beat
Alarue, 3—2; Magic beat Bald Eagle. 5—3; Log
Boy beat Tod Sloan. 6—o; Commodore Nash
beat Echo. 4—o: May Herschel beat Liberty
Bell. 4—o: Victor King beat Treva. 14—5.
SECOND TlE— Miss Allen beat Delia M, 6—o;
lowa Boy beat Terronite. 5—2; Temple beat
Masterpiece. 4—o; Magic beat Hard Lines,
4_2^ ; Commodore Nash beat Log Boy, 6—o;
May Hersehel bent Victor King. 3—l.
THIRD TlE— Miss Allen beat lowa Boy, 5—2:
Magjc beat Temple,' 3—2;3 — 2; May Herschel beat
Commodore Nash, 4—2.4 — 2.
FOURTH TlE— Miss Allen beat Magic, 3— o.
May Herschel a bye.
DECIDING ROUND— May Herschel beat Miss
Allen. 4-0.
Fifth race— Mil* and a sixteenth; four-year
olds and upward; selling:
937 Tappan ..10$ 90S Scotch Plaid 106
818 Morlnel 104 823 Lothian 132
840 Daisy F 107
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward: ¦ -¦ .
(837) Hard Kn0t.... ..110 »18 Storm Klna" 113
»15 Captive 114 835 Sly 108
920 Silver Tone 107 914 Dr. Nembula... .los
(914) Cormorant 110
Selections for To-Day.
First race—Belzeebub, Impeto, Parsifal.
Second race—High Hoe, Esplrando, Momen
tum. .
Third race—Decoy, Limerick, Florablrd.
Fourth race—La Goleta, Formella, Letiger.
Fifth race—Daisy F. Scotch Plaid, Morinel.
Sixth race—Hard Knot. Sly, Dr. Nembula.
mcAVOY. dfc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
1233 Market St.; between ah and 6th. ,
Telephone South 247. '. ;
Mrs. Hearst's Reception.
BERKELEY, March 15.— Mrs. Phebe
R. Hearst will hold her regular reception
and concert to students in Hearst Hall on
Sunday afternoon, at 4 o'clock. Admission
to the reception will Be by card only. •
V^*|\ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/I-.Q y62i>KEABSTNT. Established
MS*l fn&l In !*."*» for the treatment of Private
JHjLffc &'J Diseases, Lost Manhood. I»»billty or
BJft*jH
i^r»ivv £:5 swir> I>'»«'a«» > s- Ta^Joctorcoreavrhpii
<Ith ers fall. Try him. Ch*rsr«» iow
9K)sjfuJ('urr««nar.iiilrr(l. CtllorwriCß.
»r. J. JT. *-IBBUA, Uox 1937.8aa fraaeise*
BEALESTATE COUNTRY — For Sal*
K0 ACRES Sn Etanislaus County, near rall-
roaa; water: growing crops; under fence and
ail other improvements. For particulars ad-
crees or call W. p. QRQW. 1334 Polk, city.
R<^^J^AjLLEY REAL ESTATE.
&OS6 Valley lota, 10x150 feet, $390 to J500; nne
view; good drainage; San Rafael water sys- .
tern: & minutes' walk from station; asprinkle>l
roads. Apply P. KQSS. Tamalpals Station.
ROOMS FOR DOCSBKBBPUrG;
TALIFORNIA, 2j23— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
EDDY, 917— Front houwekeepingr rooms, fur-
nlnhed; splendid location; private residence.
FIFTH SU— 2 and S furnished housekeepinjr
with bath. $10 to $20; also single, U to $6.
TOLTOX. 1214—2 fine sunny front rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping, water, range, yard,
810; also two unfurnished $7.
HARRISON. 731— Four rooms fumiehed «om-
for housekeeping; large yard; bath; $Is.
BTDE, 4i*— Sunny front suite, ground floor;
yard, fink: for housekeeping; eep. entrance.
rVT. 2:3. near Hayes— Two large sunny unfur-
nlffh«»d rooms; gink and a lovely yard; $6.
aIIXN'A. near Ninth— 2 nlc« furnished rooms
for light housekeeping.
MISSION. 20S5— Thr*« or four furnished sunny
houtekeeplr.g r<x>ms; hath: yard; laundry.
MOSS. IS. oST Howard, near Seventh— 2 or 3
rooms furnished complete for housekeeping.
DAK. 119—1 large sunny back room; yard; eep-
arate entrance; fur.; housekpg; range; $6.
Bt'TTKR. 1111— Furnished rooms; single and
en suite: also housekeeping; terms reasonable.
THIRTEENTH. ». near Valencia— 2 sunny
housekeeping rooms; stove and water; rent $».
rCRK. S01 — Large sunny front corner room;
light housekeeping; also lower front room.
TWENTY FIRST. 2275, near Valencia— 6 sunny
housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry; $20.
CAN ICESiTave.. «00-3 neatly furnished con-
necting rooms; stationary tubs; fine yard;
gun all day; northeast corner.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
? BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
cub&criptlons has been established at iCSi Va-
lencia st.
A. BRANCH offlc* for the reception of adver-
tisements and Fubscrlptlons has been opened
at 122J Polk ex.: open till S p. sn.
[ i .
BOOMS TO LIST — Furn. and luforn.
A.— BRUNSWICK HOU6E. 148 Sixth— Rooms
tSc to H per night; SI 25 to to per week, and
light housekeeping; cpen ail night.
BOHEMIA. 259 Post st.. cor. Stockton— Sunnr
corner suite and single rooms; hot ¦««* cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 14T6 Market St. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
clfhed rrog.. gultes. tingle; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 831, near Powell— Elegantly fur-
nlshed eunny rooms en eulte or single, with
tel or bath; rent reasonable. Phone Red 211 S.
CARROLLTOX, 120* Market, cor. Golden GaU
aye. — Sunny corner; well furn.: rtns. & offices.
CENTRAL^ e2 Second St.— Nicely furnished
front rocme, $2 and 13 per week; respectable.
I ROOMS, rent Jl2; 4 rooms, rent 110. £S Cook
tt.; apply 28 Clyde «t.
EDDT. ICT— 3 rooms and bath; partly furnished
or unfurnished: reasonable.
ELLIS, 61S— Elegsntly furnisWd front and back
parlor: also single room.
rOLSOM. M«, between Fifth and Sixth— One
eunny room; rent reasonable.
IX)L6OM. »65. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny ,
furaUh«*i rooma: suites or single; new mgmt.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport*— "Nicely furnished
rooms: suite or single; also housekeeping.
GEARY. 49» (The NavarreV— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms. FUites -cr single; travelers accom.
CIRARD HOUSE. 1?2 Seventh— Pleasant sunny
rooms; day cr week; moderate rates.
HANCOCK House. 7*l Mission— Select family
rooming hcuse; II SO to $6 per week.
HOWARD. *29— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
35c to Jl nicht.
FVY aye.. 223. near Hayes— Very suitable sunny
furnit-bed rooms; 2 windows; closet: Gerraan
family: So 50.
JESSIE. 811. off Ninth— A nic* large sunny
front room: Drivate family.
MINNA. 66L corner Eighth— New furnished
bay window room. $1 per week: tranaient-
Jw<">E. 112— 2 sunny bay- window room?: upper
comer flat; gas stove; grate; bath; $14.
OTARI'.ELL, i"0 — Sunny furnished rooms and
effic**; elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. mo. j
POLK, 111"— Sunny housekeeping rooms. 2. 3 1
or 4; connecting; $10, $12, $15; also handsome j
suite.
POST, 239 — Elegant transient rooms for tour-
ist*; all conveniences; traveling men; elevator.
POWELL. 121— L'.ght, clean, comfortable rms. ;
suites or tingle; running water; gas; re&».
ROYAL HOTf». lft Ellis et.— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 3Sc to $1 60; week, tl ta
It: menth. IS to $20; elevator on of flee floor;
rooms with hot and ccld water; batha.
SvOEEDALE House. SIS & £21 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 2tc to $1; week, tl 25 to U; open night.
feAN ANTONIO, 21 Taylor near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
•c* baths; eultes and single rooms.
BHKRMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH. SO2S, near Mission — Front room,
cicely furnished; bath and phone.
tHE HOWARD HOUSE. 549 Howard «.— Nice
cifig'.a rooms, TSc week up; double, $1 25.
BT. PETER'S House. 705 California— Changed
fcjaafls; nicely furnished rooma; also bouse-
karpir.g rooma.
THE OAKS. US Third — A good rooming house
jar good peopl*. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
fcTJRX. 11. and 1122 Market (Parker House)—
Kicely furnished sunny suites; also other
rooms: rent reasonable; by day, week or mo.
CXtASBIFTJCD mdrertlsements and subscriptions
raoaivvd s.t Call branch office, 2230 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at liH Va-
leaols. St.
A BRAXCH office fsr the reception of adver-
tlsesiects and subscriptions has b~en opened
at 122J Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
ROOMS AHD BOARD.
HOTEL ~"f~a£ RMOUNtT' l^lTTiarket"st^Ete^
ga&tly fnrciehed sunny rooms; en suit* or sln>
gl«; with or without board; table first class;
ra£uc*d rates.
. KBW family botfl: firet dan !n ail appolnt-
DMints; excellent table; ppeclal Inducements to
Mlaot people. 897 California st., occupying
corner opposite Orace Church.
A— HOTEL La Mormandje. 828 Eddy— 6tinny
suites and single roome;er»rythln*r new; first-
class table and service; prices moderate.
XT yen desire rooms with or without board and
refined home llf* call at room 611 Examiner
building.
HOTEL SALISBURY, Hyfle * Efldy: changed
bands; thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
jrrsn. fit— Fine roany rooms, with board.
LAB PALMAS. 1820 Market st..— Suite of i or I
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
TAN NESS aye.. W4 <The Wallace}— Rooms
and board; furnished and unfurnished; $30 up.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents. The Weekly Call.
M pagvs. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
ROOMS WA.VTED.
¦WANTED — Unfurnished room: about $3 or $4 a
month: rniddle-ared man. Box 3059. Call.
SPECIAL AOTICES.
ROOMS papered from 13: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 219 Third.
IiAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
4IE Montrom»rjr Ft., room* S-10; tel. SS2O.
tEWISG MACIIUES ANU SCI'rLUSS.,
RENTED, repaired, bought, *old: machine sup-
plles. Standard Agency. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
r>a!r:r<it st lowest rate*. 206 Fourth st.
STORAGE A.\O WAREHOUSES.
FIERCE-KODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; teL Main I7U.
EEKIN'S Van and Storage Co..- 1840 Market:
tel. Bouth :,35; packing, moving and storage.
LEtiAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE of imle of personal property— Notice
Is hereby given, that pursuant to an order of
the Superior Court cf the city and county of
Ban Francisco. Ktate of California. In the
matter of the estate of CATHARINA ROT-
ENKOLBER, deceased, the undersigned, the
administrator of the estate of said deceased,
will sell at private sale to the highest bid-
der for cash, on and after March 20th. 1800,
at the office of Geo. D. Shadbume, 616 Sacra-
mento street, said city and county, where
bids for said property win be received, all
that certain personal property, to wit.: 10
chares of the capital stock: of Kohler &.
Cha*e. This March 13, ISOO. GEORGE ROT-
ENKOLBER, Administrator of the Estate of
Gathartna Rotenkolber. deceased.
Shiman Estate Appraised.
OAKLAND, March IB.— W. E. Meek. H.
W. Meek and H. B. Marlln to-day filed an
appraisement of the estate of the • late
John L. Shiman, showing total valuation
of $70,714. Of this $39,525 represents Eden
Township realty; Oakland property, $3800-
Washington Township realty, $2600; bal
ance in notes and stocks.
930. SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and UDward: purse, $400.
12 CHICAGO
ThU Is the quickest running 1 and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Tit aix Leaves Saw Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
! saturday. arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n . la time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leases San Francisco at 8:30
EXPRESS P-m-'wltn Palace and Totmst
UAILT Chicago and East.
Local trains • between Stockton, VALLPY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tulare daI n
andßakersfield.l ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
TRISCO SOON X ]^^\^f^^l
way; Sacramento, 301 J Street; Saa Joae, 7 West
Deposit Company Demurs.
OAKLAND, March 15.— 1n the suit of
the city of Oakland against Mayor Snow
and the Fidelity and Deposit Company of
Maryland for the recovery of moneys the
Mayor is alleged to have withheld as com
missions while acting as City Auditor, the
deposit company to-day filed a demurrer
pointing out that the complaint is uncer
tain and ambiguous.
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
TO
CHICAGO,
.TLA.
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
AND CONNECTIONS.
IXLAXTXa ' : SAN FRANCISCO DAJtLT.
1:10 A. M. and t:3t> P. M.
Effective February S3. 1300.
Get Information of Southern Paclfla ticket
agents or - swaiae
GENERAL OFFICE. 14 Montgomery St.
Clark Is Given Damage.
OAKLAND. March 15.— After deliberat
ing an hour and a half the Jury in the oil
ca.se of'D. P. Clark against George W.
Arper brought in a verdict awarding
plaintiff $507 50 damages. In his closing
argument Attorney Chapman, who had
charged that forgery had been committed
in changing the entries in Clark's day
book, referred to Nairn© as an "infamous
scoundrel." . . . -
BATT.BOAT) TBAVZfi.
The Swami Will Lecture in Oakland.
The Swami Vivekananda of Calcutta,
India, will give three more lectures at
Wendte Hall, Fourteenth and Castro
streets, and the Unitarians of this city
are striving to make the series even more
successful than was the last given.
The first lecture Is for Monday, evening
next. The subject chosen is "India and
Its People." The Woman's Alliance is
especially interested in the Buccess of the
addresses given by the Indian lecturer.
Time—^i, :IVA; H, :<9; %, 1:14. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. E. W. Purser's
eh f.. by Flambeau-Fannie Lewis. Afamada could open no gap on her field. Flamora is
a strong finisher. Merry Boy lacked speed this day. __ n -. n -,L nn '- „'-..
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
-"¦'.*;-'-¦-'< Thunday. March 15.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen. 20 hours from UsaL
Schr Melanctbon. Olsen, 12 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson, 24 hours from
Bowens Landing. ¦»
Schr Guide, Olsen. 11 days from Grays Har
bor.
Schr W S Phelps, Garthley. B9 hours from
Fields Landing.
Schr Volant. Ericksen, 13 days from drays
Harbor.
SAILED.
.Thursday, JXartih 13.
Stmr Willamette. Hannen, Seattle.
Estate Ordered Sold.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday handed down a decree in the
case of Alice D. Gauld and James G.
Gauld vs. Isabella M. Romaine, the Co
lumbus Savings and Loan Society and
others, being- a suit for the partition of
an estate. The court found that Alice D
Gauld was entitled to one-twelfth of the
estate, Isabella ¦ M. Romaine one-twelfth
Isabella Van Winkle six-twelfths and"
Lawrence E. Van Winkle four-twelfths,
and that the bank holds a mortgage on
eleven-twelfths of the property for $35 900
at 6 per cent. Henry P. Sonntag was ap
pointed to sell the property.
Abrahamsons Incorporate.
OAKLAND, March 15. — Abrahamson
Bros, to-day filed articles of Incorporation
to conduct a general merchandise busi
ness. Of the $100,000 stated capital stock
$03,000 has been actually subscribed by the
directors as follows: Julius Abrahamson,
$35,300; Huso Abrahamson, $33,300; Henry
Abrahamson. $22,000; lay Magnes, $100;
Davis Magnes, $100, and L. D. Lyons, $200.
034. FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, J4CKX
DIVIDE*!) NOTICES.
CUAVr DIVISION' (Broad Gaag»).
(Third and To\rnscml Sta.)
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
COAST lUTKION (SaTrfm Caagc).
(r*ootcf Market Street.)
AN introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKUM) ROOMS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
B Fenton, Buffalo iMr & Mrs Duncan, Mo
Mrs B Fenton, Buffalo! A B Band. Ky
Miss M G Worrall. NTlMrs A B Eand, Ky
A L Levinsky, Stkton H V Mills, Chgo
F H Faxon, Kan CityC A Goodyear, Chro
Mrs F H Faxon, X Cit Mrs C A Goodyear. Chg
Miss Faxon, Kan City i Miss B Goodyear, Chg
Miss E Gentry, X City Miss J Goodyear, Chg
J H O' Bryan, Ptland Mrs J E Neal, Ohio
A C Bingham, Cal Mrs McKinney. Ohio
G A Kilmer, NY. R W Foster. N V
M B Kerr. Grass VallyiH Swart, Wls
J Weissbern, Gr Valley Mrs H Swart. Wl»
C M Shortridge. Cal R S Gunn. N V
G Lippman, N V Mrs R S Gunn. N V
B Cartwrl(?ht. Honolul J B Russell, Virginia
Dr J P McGowan, N V Mrs J B Russell, Va
F X Pomeroy. U S N Miss Russell, Va
L C Krueger, Chgo Mrs L D Lyon. Helena
L Long, Chgo D W Lyon. Helena
C M Samuels, NY H F Lyon, Helena
Mrs E Jones, Utah C B Church, Wash
J Barklay, Illinois C D Church, Wash
Mrs W E Dorland, Chg B F Bittlinger. Wash
Miss Pinkham, Chgo A S Ross. N V
W B Peck, NY S N Smith, Providence
Mrs W B Peck. NY J M Lakman, Gr Vally
J D Curry, Cal J Goodman, Mexico
8 H Babcock, S Lake Miss Goodman, Mexico
A P Bray ton, Oakland J Crow, Vacavllle
Mrs D H Montgomery. 'A C Harmon, Cal
N H ¦ Jp L Sinclair, Tacoma
Mrs T T Brackett, 0 Overholt, Pittsburg
Alaska |J S Robinson, Cal
E T Williams. Portlnd Mrs J S Robinson. Cal
J S Roberts, Madura Miss J S Robinson. Cal
D W Helntz. S Lake G M Sargent, Chgo
W C Pitman, N V Mrs G M Sargent. Chg
E Chambers, Los Ang A C Yowman, Cal
C L Ament, Ohio W F Smith Elko
H C French, NY MA Cray. London
Mrs H C French, N V Mrs M A Cray, London
J M Lowry, USA Mrs L F Largey, Butte
W H Whitaker. Phlla L Largey. Butte
Mrs W H Whitaker, M Larcey, Butte
Philadelphia Miss P Touhy. Butte
A W Hembold, Phlla Miss M Bartlett. Butte
F Cordlngly. Mass W Norton, N V
Mrs F Cordlngly, Mass Mrs A M Bergivln, Cal
L M Curtis, Boston L Wiekersham. Cal
M G Curtis, Boston J A Shearman, U S N
J W Griffen, Lowell W R A Rooney. U S N
Mrs J W Griffen. Mass N C Brlggs. Holllster
H Schwabacher. Ky G J Smith. N V
G O Bradley, S Lake I Mrs G J Smith. N V
Mrs E T Preston. Cal Mrs H M Emith. N V
A G C Hahn. NY 11 N Drake. Buffalo
N Peters. Syracuse Miss I>rakp, Buffalo
Mrs N Peters Jr. N YiMlfs F H Steams. Bost
J M Rudd. II C W T Taliaferro, L Ang
J C Davis, Wyoming IC R Duval. Paris
- GRAND HOTEL.
T McTernan. S Jose W J Barrett, Los Ang
B F Shepherd. Fresno T Newman. Louisville
J E C«l ton, Martinez J II Gill, U S N
J E Sorey, Alma G H Warford, USX
J D MeGilvray, Stanfd G P. Kennedy, Chlco
N W Brier, S Jose G C Brown, Benicia
H Todd. Oakland H H Hunter. S Jose
C B Rustin. Omaha C R Morris. Sonera
E Seidenben?, N V G W Travis. S Jose
Mrs Tunstall. Alameda H Warren. Cal
C E More. Colonna A W Ockabuck & w,
D Brown. Cal Portland
J N Jor.s?, Wash A S Cooper.' Oakland
J M RufTner, Atlln F M Fay. Los Ang
C F Christenson & w,iH C Decker, Cal
Rio Vista [J H Lyndon, Cal
J R Bowie, Portland ¦ W S Lamb & tv. Cal
W C Barrett & w, CalJ Barclay. Illinois
R A r.lng. LA J A Bouquet & w, Cal
C J Clark, N V H Capplvr. Grldley
Mrs R F Taylor, Napa]N McDermott. S Lake
Mrs A C Harris. Tenn : Mrs'D J Healey. Cal
M Curtis &w. Mich j S Tustin. Los Ang
Mrs ¦ W L Curtis. Mich G W Znrtman, Tulare
H W Curtis. Mich [C L Russell. Tulare
P Msulin; Sacto 'Mrs Downey. Los Ang
J Nunan. Jacksonville Miss II Downey. L Ang
C J Nunan, Oakland E S Bear &w. St Paul I
Dr G L Porter, Trentnß F Collins & w. Minn
Mrs Nably & eh. Ky A Black, Rt Paul
V W Foster. Illinois J G Sullwold, St Paul
Mrs E N Hill. Cal Z Neustadter & dau,
Mrs F L Fellows. Call Concord
S Bullene & w. CaJ II Rogers. Cal
J O'Nell, Sacto iJ W Hoskins. Stkton
R M Corbett, Texas jL W Burns, Chgo
A M Smith. Oroville I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S Fairchild, NY C H Fhinn, Nlles '
Mrs S Fairchild, N V W Bierhman. S Jcs»
Mrs J D Parks, f. Ohio J Thomas, Vallejo
Mrs G B Jones, Cal II B Carmichael, Cal
D Freeman. Cal - W II Taylor, Sacto
Mrs D Freeman. Cal J M Begue. Arizona
B D Fleming, Va W Cox. Cal
H Flint, Manila A La Point. S Jose
W O'Brien, Arizona W Bryan, Fresno
W Chirm. Arizona Mrs W Bryan, Fresno
F L Horning. Wis T C King, Mo
H G Fleming, Cal I Mrs T C King. Mo
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
EASY MARK FOB SHABKEY.
Texas Jim McCormick Knocked Out
in Thirty-Eight Seconds, -r ;
HARTFORD, Conn. , March 15.— Tom
Sharkey knocked out ' Texas Jim McCor
mick after thirty-eight seconds of fight
ing in the Coliseum to-night before ttaa
Nutmepr Athletic Club. A left to the body
and a right-hand uppercut sent McCor
mick down and out and he was groggy
when he was assisted to his feet. He did
not stand p. chance against the sailor. H«
landed two hard punches full in Sharkey's
face, but the latter did not mind the
blows. '
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at ' 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FITZGERALD-'-In this city, March 13, 1900, Ed-
ward Fitzgerald, a native of the Abbey,
parish of Skibbereen, County Cork, Ireland,
U£t-d 35 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
FOLEY— In this city, March 15, 1900, Hannah
Foley, a native of Lismore, County Water-
ford, Ireland, aged 67 years. (Virginia, Nev.,
. papers please copy.)'
C7"Friends are invited to attend the funeral
¦ to-morrow (Saturday), from St. Ignatius
Church, Hayes street, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repoße of her soul,
commencing at S o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FORSYTH— In this city, March 12. 1900. Charles
Leslie, beloved son of Orrin W T . and Emma
C. Forsyth, and brother of Edith D. Forsyth,
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years 9
months and S days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
GEIB— In this city, March 15, 1900, Christine,
beloved wife of the lata John Geib. mother
of Edward H.. Daniel G., John F. and David
H. Gelb, and sister of Mrs. K. Hlmmelmann,
Mrs. L. Knack and Mrs. J. Weldehart, a
native of Germany, aged 59 years 2 months
and 1 day.
GIBBS — Entered into rest at Coronado. Cal.,
March 14, 1900, C. V. S. Gtbbs, beloved hus-
band of Harriet E. Glbbs. and father of Wil-
liam O. and Harry T. Gibbs, Mrs. John Staf-
ford and Mrs. W. G. Holcombe. a native of
Newport, R. 1., aged 75 years and 10 months.
C?' Notice of funeral hereafter.
KENNERSON— In this city. March 15. 1900,
William, beloved husband of Caroline Ken-
nernon, and father of Will, Henry, "Walter,
Nellie and Jlmmie Kennerson, Mrs. F. Buck-
ingham, Mrs. D. Sullivan and Mrs. L. Weik,
a native of Portland, Me., aged 70 years 7
months and 13 days.
KOONTZ— In this city, March 15, 1900, Lizzie
Koontz, a native of California, aged 23 years
4 months and 8 days.
McCANN— In this city, March 16. 1900, Katie,
beloved wife of John McCann, daughter of
Luke and Julia Concannon, and sister of
Mrs. D. I.ally, a native of Alameda, Cal.,
aged 2S years.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1599 Market street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high. mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 11 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McCORMICK— In this city,- March 14, 1900. at
her residence, 521 Turk street. Annie M.. be-
loved wile of the late S. J. McCormick. a
native of Dublin. Ireland. A member of the
Third Order of St. Francis.
C7"A solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul this day
(Fridiiy), commencing at 9:30 o'clock, at St.
Mary's Cathedral. Friends are respectfully
Invited 'to attend. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
McINNIS— In this city, March 14. 1900. John
James Mclnnls. beloved husband of Mary
Mclnnls. and beloved father of Adam Charles
and Willfam David Mclnnis, a native of
Nova Scotia, aged 89 years 1 month and 28
days. A member of Crocker Lodge No* 302,
A. 0.. U. W.
E7Friends and acquaintances rjre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 57 Bernal avenue. Bernal Heights. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
MOGAN— In this city, March 14, 1900, Mamie
Virginia Mogan, beloved wife of Joseph Mo-
tan, a native of California.
dTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2569 Folsom street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
MOORE— In this city, March 14. 1900, Jacob
Moore.
• C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
- Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment
Mountain View. Cemetery, Oakland, by 11
o'clock creek boat.
O'DAY— Entered into rest. March 14. 1900, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
CDay, and father of Mrs. James Dunning
and Katie, Maggie and Willie O'Day, a na-
tive of County Galway, Ireland, aged 66 years.
O'MALLEY— In March, Ontario. March 14, 1900.
P. O'Malley, beloved husband of the late
Jane O'MaUey, and father of Mrs. E. A. Mc-
Laughlin, a native of Ireland, aged 84 years.
PARKER— In this city, March 15, 1900, Johanna
Parker, beloved wife of Robert W\ Parker,
a native of Ireland, aged 53 years. (Boston
papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 72SA Filbert street, between Powell
and Mason, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a hleh requiem masn will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 10:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
POSTEL— In this city. March 14. 1900. August
D.. dearly beloved husband of Tillie Postel.
and father of George. Llilie, Fred, Gust and
Willie Poetel. a native of San Francisco,
aged SS years.
POWERS— In this city, March 15, I*oo, at her
residence, 6 Lexington avenue, Ellen, be-
loved wife of Daniel Powers, and mother of
Theresa, Maggie. Agnes and Daniel T. Pow-
ers, Mrs. James E. Clisham and Mrs. George
Ernst, a native of Dungarvln, County Water-
ford. Ireland, ared 59 years.
ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
ROCHE— In the City and County Hospital,
March 15, IWO, Thomas Roche, a native of
New York, aged 48 years.
ROSENTHAL— In Kansas City, Mo., March 14.
1900. Isaac Rosenthal, brother of J. H. Rosen-
thal of Butte, Mont., Mrs. M. I. Schlesinger
and Matt Rosenthal of Los Angeles. Cal.,
and Ray Roeenthal, aged C 6 years and 10
months.
SANKEY— In this city. March 18, 1900, Caro-
line C. Sankey, a native of Pennsylvania.
(Pennsylvania and Nebraska papers please
copy.)
£7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Charles H. Jacob & Co., 318 Mason
street, between Geary and OTarrell. • Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SELLECK— In this city, March 18. 1900. Joseph
E., beloved husband of Ruth Selleck, a na-
tive of Stamford, Conn., aged 74 years 6
months and 19 days.
CyFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 708 Gou^h street. Interment private.
THOP.SSELL— In the City and County Hospi-
tal.- March 14. 1900. Isaac Thorssell. a native
of Sweden, aged 26 years.
VAN SCHAICK— In Amsterdam, N. T.. March
4. 1900. Mrs. Harriet S. Van Schaick. widow
of the late L. H. Van Schaick of San Fran-
cisco.
•WILSON— In this city, March 15, 1900, Estef-
ana, beloverl wife of James Wilson, a native
of Teplc. Mexico, aged 43 years.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAIXROAD TEAVZL
ONE FAVORITE
OF SEVEN WON
AT TANFORAN
Defeat of Constellator by So
cialist, the Surprise of
the Day.
Handicap Easy for The Fretter — Afa
mada Led Out by Flamora— M.
T. Tarpey Outgamed Com
bermere in First Event.
?
Six . stanchly backed favorites wert
brushed off the earth at Tanforan yester
day as easily as a Chinese Bervant would
dust flies off the celling with an imported
bunch of feathers. Most of them received
the right sort of backing, and it could not
be said their downfall was due to any
unhealthy foreign influence.
No doubt the spiciest thing of the a'ter
noon was the defeat of the plunged on 9
to 20 choice Constellator. Tne colt hap
pened to be one of three starters in the
mile purse run. Piggott on Socialist went
out and took hold of him from the jump,
until when the stretch was reached the
three-year-old was dead. Socialist then
galloped in first, and what lamentations
his victory did cause in certain quarters.
Corrigan's two-year-old M. F. "Tarpey
outgamed Combermere in the opening
scramble. The latter ruled a pronounced
favorite, and after leading to the paddock
began to "squawk," losing out by a head.
Piggott furnished a perfect ride on the
winner. Lucidla ran a close third.
W. R. Larzalere's sprinter Afamada
dosed a slight favorite over Flamora for
the six-furlong selling number and met
defeat. Thorpe, who straddled the first
choice, got his mount away in the lead,
showing first until a sixteenth from the
stand. Here Jack Martin on, Flamora
drew up on equal terms and in a driving
finish earned the verdict by a head in 1:14.
Show honors fell to Olinthus.
The mile handicap was only a romp for
The Fretter. The track just suited the
Brutus colt, and he won hands down from
the Bto B favorite Ventoro. Erwin, aske.i
to concede too much weight, ran a com
fortable third.
Considering his recent form 8 to 5 looked
a most liberal quotation against Topmast
In the betting on the mile and a six
teenth affair. During the early running
Piggott took the Shields entry bock, but
when ready won as he liked from Sar
donic. Tappan led Wyoming out for the
show.
Afghan, from the Corrlgan string, re
ceived such strong backing at short odds
to win the fifth event that it looked all
over. The chestnut ran in the lead to 'the
stretch, where he blew up. Flamero, »n
8 to 1 shot, then downed Perseus a sc«nt
head.
In the last, a seven-furlong jaunt, Sister
Alice, at odds of 9 to 2, was never headed.
Gold Baron came from the rear, beating
Rosalbra for the place.
Track Notes.
Owing 1 to a typographical error the win
ning selections given by The Call yester
day were credited to the Chronicle in the
columns of the Daily Racing News.
It seems very strange that Daisy F
should have been entered in the Constel
lator race at all. The conditions wer»
certainly plain enough to show she was
not eligible. The only ones to be fooled
by such a mistake would be the. Eastern
poolrooms, which have no copy of the con
ditions of races.
To-Day s Entries.
First race — Four furlongs; maiden two-year
olds:
779 Carlonian 11l 594 Follow Me 114
929 Loyal S 108 f>99 Forbes 11l
911 Suketo 111 526 Maldonado ......111
756 St. Rica 10a 594 Parsifal 11l
f.99 Socapa 11l ... Phil Archibald. .llS
776 Woeful 11l 929 Gaylon 8r0wn. ..113
... Geo. - Dcwey. 118 564 Belzeebub 11l
544 Impeto (former- 533 Briton ....... 111
ly Impromptu). llS I ... Malapert 118
Second race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selllns::'
825 Florence Fink. ..loB; 523 Momentum 116
834 Genua 108; 923 Gauntlet 113
919 Esplrando 113! BSS High Hoe 11l
BC2 Amasa 113 923 Jingle J1nR1e....108
923 Montailade 113 928 Harry Corby....Uo
89S Jael 11l 579 Kacivan 1W
823 Vioris 10S 793 Ma* lo ..113
S4O Gold Baron 1101 £07 Sallle Goodwin. .lll
Third race — One mile; three-year-olds; selling:
907 Burdock 105 93S Expedient 107
92S Formatus 100 933 Flora bird :.107
(919)Llm«>rick 107 839 March Seven 103
917 Decoy 112
Fourth race — One mile; three-year-olds and
upward:
68S Henry C 117 532 Joe Miissle. .'„... 117
871 Letif?er 96 819 Rey Hooker 113
857 Croker 117 ... La Goleta 112,
928 Tallao 113 932 Formella 112
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1900.
nmxra pacific can fact.
(FACITIO »TSTB«.> »
•Tntlma leave nail stre due to arrive •*
(Main line, root of Market Skreea.)
uay* — Fbok FxaauAaT 23, 1300. — auutx
JUST finishing modern 2-story 7-room house;
call and Inspect this week at 2106 Buena Vista
aye.; price $2650; terms; 54250 will build new
house of 9 rooms; lot 60x150: San Antonio
aye. ; terms. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
FOR sale in Oakland— i blocks from Adeline
station, in best residence neighborhood: large
modern house; every convenience; lot 100xlS2
or 60x132. as desired; cheap to close estate;
terms if desired. HERON & HOLCOMB. HX3O
Broadway. Oakland; Crocker building. S. F.
$4500 WILL buy new modern house. 12 rooms;
fine improvements; large stable. 1523 Kigbth
aye., Oakland; keys next door south.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 111S Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
STTNNT rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
lnr: tt up. Hotel Pha^ta. 1226 Broadway.
OAKLAND FUUXITCKE FOR SALE.
•7iOOa Benlda, Snlran, Elmira. Vacarulat
Ramsey and Sacramento "hSf
•7>o«ASnuta ExprfM-DaTij, .Willows.
Red Bluff. Portland "7»Ut
•7:30 a Martinez, .Saal'.araon, Vallejo. Xapa,
Calistcgaandbantaltosa... ...... •«»Io»
•t:3»A Th« OverUnd limited— Ogden, Dea-
Ter, Omaba, Chlcaeo ••• "S«IS»
•»i3»* Sau Jose. LlTermorc. Sffx-Uton.
lone, Sacrsinento. Placerrille,
Marj»»l»e. Chico. Ke.l Bluff . *4ilJ»y
•SißOa •Milton, Oakdile, honora. Carters.— Mtlar
•»s<M)a Hajrvrards. Nilesand Way HUtions. # H«-t3A
•»:«<» a Daris, Woodland. Knights Lauding.
Marysfillei Ororfile. •tMr
•»-.OO» Atlantic X i press— Ojden and East »V»43a
*9:«0a Uartinex, Trwy, Latbropv Stockton,
Merced ami Fresno M«U»s»
•«i«»t PortCosU. Fresno. Jli.J;»t« an.l lx*
Aucelnii
•1»i«« k. Vallejo, Martinez and Way SUtions # «:-*3r
•HiOOa Nlles. Uiermore. Stockton, SiCTi-
mento, MenUota, HanforO, Vlsalla,
PcrteiTille Ml? p
¦I «tO«M HaywanU, Xile» and Way Station*. •«>«»
ili»«r Sacramento KifwSteaineis !.'??*
•3:»Op Hay wards. N iles and Way Stations. •5U5*
*4t*«r Martiuex, Han lUinon. ValleJ*
Nap*. C»ll»to(fa, Haota Uos* «»a94
•?••Or Beaicls, TaatTlUe, «jcraiH»nto,
Woo-lland. Kpinhta Ijunliafc
MarjsTmn,Oro»Ul« .-^.~ •••:4Sa
•4 iSOr K lied. Kan J oso o ti'l Stocktcn *J: 1 .1 »
•OsOOrTba Owl Limited— Traer, VttTM.
RaktrsaeiO. fcamfua tow K*ntAEa»- *-
tara. Los AD«=lea. •,— "• *»•»«»*
oS:«Or Sncset Llnited— El Paso, >«w Ox-
tars and Ej.it —.•—«*•»«*
•3«»«r Stockton, MeiccA. I'resao M ._**«2Ua»
•3:30r Fresno, liakerstielil, tianta IHi^ira,"
Los Angeles, Deming. El r*M,
Kew Orleans and East •»«*»*
•3«30r Bsuta V« ICente— Atlsirtia E»p«»M
for Mo(a»« and Eatf..... I?*? 3*3 *
MItOOF Itajwanla, Nilesandbaa Josj .^*l2*
««>BUr Vaflsla -,- m*lSj»3»m *ISj»3»
•a.3»r Oriental MaO-OgAea, CWjeime.
Omaha, Chfcafo '•tO*
UUSOr Oriental »UU— OtpiUn. D«awiv ____
Omaua, Chlca«a ...~.. M21 .. # **ta»
t7fO*r Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Bis,
tions...*. t»«W»
•»r«sr Orescm and California J^jiwraamJ4s>
r.>rkl»n.f. r.n«t Hmiiid and liast •*»»»4
•«slSiNewarlc»«>Tit«rfllle.«anJos».ffettoo,
Boulder Crtek.WaoUCrnsaaa Way
Stations •»»••»
t«il If Newark, CenteMille, Ban .lose, Now
Almatleu, Felton, llnvider Creek,
f anU t'ras and Ftluclpal Way
SUtions •?E?*' 1 ? 4
MilSp Newark, Saa Joee, U» Gatos. »9i«»A
i,ll i!3p Hunters* Eicursloii. Ban Josa and
WsyStailons „• f7«— 9
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. *,
rronSll fttiSCISCO— Tt*l »f Jlarkst Strtst <SlS? S> —
•7;15 0:00 11.00*.*. IL-03 *2:03 H49
•i:O3 t3:C3 *C:C3r.n.
.'rtaOHlilß— r»»l«fB«i4««T^-««iOq MO KJXkJt.
|13:C0 *1:CO 12:C3 '3.-C3 ti.-C3 •pSitJW.
t4:ll»A Ocean View, Houth »%a Fnnciaoo.. f*«*4»»
•7rO»\ Kan Jot» ami Way Stations (New
Alwadeu WtxlnciiUjiouly) *IISOV
•»¦«»» Han Jose. Tres Tinon. S»at» Crtxa,
racllio ISruva. l'a«o Rubies, Han
J.iii* O:»i!< w>, Surf. Lompoc and
Principal Way BUtlous Mil»»
HOiIOa Sau Joao ami Way buttons S «:B3A
MIiUOa Ban Juse ami Way HUtloua. *Sl3or
f4:-lsr San Mateo, ltedwood, Meclo Park.
Palo Alto. BanU Clara, .Sun Jose.
Tres Plnos, Bar.ta Crux. Salinas,
Monterey ami Tacillo OroTs flO:3*A
. t:i:S«r BanJosaamt W.iy Stations *7:3Ap
f l:13p Saa Joasaml Principal Way Stations *9:-13\
t.itMOpSan.losaand Principal TV ay Stations t'J:«»v
•.•>::si>p 3u:i .lose ami Principal Way Stations '¦'•iS-'V*
•C::tor San Jose and WayStaMons .'. t««:OOA.
»II:4.-Jp San Joaaaii.! Way Stations •7i:top
CERTIFICATE OF COPARTNERSHIP— State
of California, city and county of San Fran-
cisco [ss.].
We. the undersigned, do hereby certify that
•we are partners transacting business in said
Etate, at the city and county of San Fran-
clico, under the firm name and style of
DOMESTIC LAUNDRY; that the names in
full of all the members cf such partnership
are George Schlndele. H. D.- Morris and Jo-
seph IL Currier, and that the places of our
respective residences are set opposite our re-
spective name* hereto subscribed.
In witness whereof we have hereunto set our
hands this 3d day of March, 1900.
GEORGE SCHINDELE, place of residence.
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California.
JOSEPH H. CURRIER, place of residence,
city and county of San Francisco, estate of
California.
H. D. MORRIS, place of residence, city and
county of San Francisco, State of California.
State of California, city and county of San
Francisco [6S.]
On this 6th day of March, in the year one
thousand nine hundred, before me, GEORGE
F. HATTON, a notary public In and for
taid city and county, residing therein, duly
commissioned and sworn, personally appeared
GEORGE SCHINDELE,
JOSEPH H. CURRIER and
H. D. MORRIS,
known to me to be the persons wht*» names
are subscribed to the within instrument, and
acknowledged that they executed the same.
[Seal.]
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official sea] at my office
In the city and county of San Francisco, the
day and year last above written.
GEORGE F. HATTON, Notary Public In
and for the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California.
A for Moraine. P lor Afternoon.
• Daily. f Kumfoy •xeepteil. t Bunday only.
b Saturday only.
a Tuesdays and Fridays c Thursdays and Sundays.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 77 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company. No. 327 Market Bt., on and
after Tuesday, March 20. ISOO. • Transfer books
will close on Wednesday. March 14, 1900, at
3 p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
CALIFOSNIA NORTHWESTEBN BY. COt
LESS 33
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIHB
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market S*.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAJT RAFAJ3..
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. »:00. 11:00 a, m.; 12:33,
3:30 5:10. 8:20 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d.° m. Saturdays— Extra tripa at I:E#
and 11:30 p. m.
6UNDAYB— S:0O, 9:30. 11:00 a, in.; I:S3. 2:33,
6:00. 8:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN" FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
2:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:55 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:». 9:40. 1100 a. m.: 1:40, t:*\ 8:03.
6:25 x>. ni
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Park
same schedule as above.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Alfred E. Raas, 26, 517 Golden Gate avenue,
and Ida B. Fisher, 26. 1610 Washington street.
Emanuel Levy, 34, 130 Ellis street, and Jen-
nie Schoenfeld. 13. SO4V4 Turk street.
Albert Smith, 23. 22 Morris avenue, and
Gladys Powell. 20, 272 Harriet street.
William O"BrIen. 23. .606 Lombard street, and
Julia Larreca. 22. 611 Lombard street.
John H. Wieser. 26. 317 Cumberland street,
and Barbara Lecher. 27. 22S Clipper street.
James i*. Bllne, 33, Santa Rosa, and Emma
Connolly, 17, 41fi Hermann street.
W. Irving HawkinF, 32, 1025 Post street, and
Edith M. Stark, 25, 1021 Post street.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFORAN RACETRACK. Thursday, March 15.— Weather fine. Track fast.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS .
Birth, marriage and death notices cent by
mall will not be inserted. They mu«t be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MABBIED.
BEPPLER— HEITMANN— In this city, March
14, IKO, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke. Wil-
liam Beppler and Margaretha Heitmann,
both of San Francisco.
BLINE— CONNOLLY— In this city, March 15,
ISOO, by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, James P.
Kline of banta Rosa, Cal., and Emma Con-
nolly of San Francisco.
JCRGENSEN— FEIKERT— In Alameda. Cal..
March 11, ISOO, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke.
John Jurgensen and Susan e Felkert. both of
San Francisco.
MARSHALL— SCAGGS— In this city, March «,
11*00, by the Rev. Frank S. Ford. Neil Mar-
shall and Gertie May Scaggs, both of San
Francisco.
MILLS— BOHLMANN— In this city, March 14,
WOO, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, James
S. Mills and Anna M. Bohlmann, both of
San Francisco.
ROSE— THOMPSON— In this city. March 15,
19M), at the residence of the bride's parents,
by the Rev. H. T. Sheoard, Samuel Rose and
Mabel F. Thompson, both of San Francisco.
SHIPLEY — BLACKBURN —In Minneapolis,
Minn., February 3, l&OO. at the Plymouth
Congregational Church, by the Rev. Leavett
H. Halloclc, D.D.. William Everett Shipley
of Delano. Wright County. Minn., and Ida
Sewell Blackburn of San Francisco.
Time— Ur~:23^: Vi. : * 8 - ¦ Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, E. Corrigan's imp.
Bassetlaw-Idol. Tarpey proved gamest. Combermere stopped noticeably last few yards.
Lucidla ridden as if a "helper."
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserrtlle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Sprlnga,
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Spring*. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Bice Lake», Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Ll«r!ey*s»
Bucknell's, Sannedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr*a
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bra**,
Westport. Usal. Willltt*. Laytonvlll^ Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen' a, Dyetv
Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday roand^tri> ticket* aa re-
duced rates.
On Sunday rotraa-trl» tickets ta an potata
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. CO Market st., Owonlcla bide
H. C. WHITING, R. X RYAN,.
General Managar. Oen. Pass. Agent.
035. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
930. THIRD RACE— One mile; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $500.
Time '4 :26',i: hi, :60>4; %, 1:15 1 mile, 1:41. Good start. Won eaßily, second and third driv
ing Winner. W. C. Morken'g eh. c. by Imp. Brutus-Nerva. Ventoro sore in warming up.
Fretter played with his field. Erwln had worst of weights. -_ •- '
037. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saawillto Ferry.
Commencing October 1, 1333k
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO 3OLI. TAtT.TIt
. AND SAN RAFAEL.
WPBK DAYB— *7:OO. •9:80. HJ» a, m.l I^3.
HM. 1:15. 8:00. 8:30 a. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Far MIH "VaOay and Baa Ra-
fael, on Mondays. We&Msdoja and Bafardam
at i:00 and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO. IOiOO, •UiJa a. m.jt nua,
t:l5. *4:45. «:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) ran to Ban QrjeuUu.
FROM SAN RAFAEX. TOYSAN FfiA)K3SOrX
WEEK DAT6— *:M. •*!«. I:4S. *»>*» a, m>|
•1»:3O:1S. *3:40. »5:15 p. m. _--.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. We4a«tiajta asuA
Saturdays at <:40 and 10:15 p. s>
BUNDAYS-4:20. •«:<». 14:00, IXJ* a. xa»|
n:4O *3:IS. 4:45. *4:20 d. m.
Trains marked <•> start frem Ban Qoentin,
FROM MILL VAIXET TO SAN fRANCISCOk
WEEK DAYS-*:45. «:43, 7:36. »:4J a. m.j
IB:35, 2:35. 3:43. 5:23 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondaya. WedtMadays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OS,TO:OS a, m.; 13^8, JO3. 1:38;
1:00, 8:43 p. m.
THROtTOH TRAIK3.
T:OJ a. ta. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
t:4d p. m. Saturdays— Toraales and way stations.
1:00 a, m. Sundays— Tomales an 4 way station*.
Time— l-l«~07tf: 6-16. :SSH: 9-18. •M%; 13-18, 1:23%; mile, 1:42%: 1 . l-16m. 1:49. Good start.
Won easily, second and third driving. Winner, Carruthers & Shields' eh. g., by Imp. Top
gallant-Essay. Piggott rode a nicely timed race on winner. Tappan is not good.' Neither
is Wyoming. -"- _ '_ _ _ __• ' -
838. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;; four-year-olds and upward; purse. | $400.
Tlme-^4. :1J; %. :S7; %. V.01%; %, 1:27%- Good start. Won cleverly, second and third
driving. Winner D." Cameron & Co.'s eh. g., by Flambeau-Bonair. Flamero could have won
further; "Wizard". Henry drew it fine. Afghan a "dor." Alaria no speed. True Blue In
same predicament; I^^^^^^--
DIED.
, Adams. Rev. Joseph Mclnnls, John J.
Allen. Charles A. Alogan, Mamie V.
Behre, Cassle Moore, Jacob
Brown, Josikh O'Day, William
Clark, Ellia O'Malley. P.
Corrlgan, Michael Parker, Johanna
Crosby, Mark Postel, August D.
Fitzgerald, Edward Powers. Ellen
Foley. Hannah Roche, Thomas
Forsyth. Charles L. Rosentbal, Isaac
Geib. Christine Sankey. Caroline C.
Gibbs, C. V. 8. Seileck. Joseph D.
Kennerson. William Thorssell, Isaao .
Koonte. Lizzie Van Schaick. Mrs.
McCann, Katie Harriet S.
IScCorrnick, Annie M. Wilson. Estefana
ADAMS— In SeatUe. March 7. 1900. Rev. Jo-
seph Adams, a native of England, aged 65
years 7 months and 23 .days.
ALLEN— In this city, March 15, 1900, Charles
A. Allen, beloved son of Katberlne Allen, and
brother of William 0., T. Franklin and Fred
Allen, a native of California, aged 23 years
7 months and 12 days. (Nevada papers please
copy.)
BEHRE— In this city. March 15. 1900, Cassle.
beloved infant daughter of Charles H. and
Mary Behre, and sister of Robert L., Lizzie
M., Charles F., Mary P., Marguerite and
Frances Behre, a native of San Francisco,
ag?d 8 months and 6 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
' the parents, 320€ Sixteenth street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BROWN— In the City and County Hospital,
March 15. 1900, Joelah Brown, a native of
England, aged 60 years.
CLARK— In thisecity. March fli, 1900, Eliza,
beloveJ wife of *Edgar B. Clark, and uister of
the late Mrs. J. B. Hyatt, a native of Vir-
ginia, aged Si years.
CORRIGAN— In this city, March 13. 1900. Mich-
ael, relict of the late Bridget Corrigan, father
of James Corrlzan, and stepfather of Wil-
liam J. and John Elleford and Mrs. Charles
Ebeehey, a native of Ireland, aged TO years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
James McMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission street,
thence to Holy Cross Cemetery by carriage,
where remains will be placed In vault tem-
porarily.'
CROSBT— In thU city, March 14, 1900, Mark,
beloved husband of Hannah Crosby, and
father of William. Christina, Emma, Bella.
Clara, Edward and Thomas Crosby, a native
of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 60 years.
C7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy A Co.. 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem macs will
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RfiILWAY
Leave San FrancUco via Sausalito Ferry.
Week Days 9:30 a. m. and 1:15 p. m,
Sundays 8:00, 19:00 a. m. and 1:43 p. m,
Steam-heated, closed car on all trains.
Fsre Rnn Francisco to Summit and Ratnrn.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan St Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
Time— %. :2«4; H. :&W4: ¦ 94. 1:16: mile, 1:41. Poor start. Won easily. »econd and third driv
ing. Winner, w. R. Larzalere's b. g.. by St. Carlo-Anarchy. Constellator ran as If Bhorf
he can do bettor. ' Scratched— Daisy F 10». . - ~
940. SEVENTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; . four-year-olds and upward ; purse $400
11
Index. Horse. Welght.|St. %m. %m.
(916) M. F. Tarpey 115~4 3 6
BS2 Combermere 10* 5 ... ... 12-
916 Lucidia 1» 3 ... ... 2%
911 Andrattus ... 104 2 4 1
916 Lily Diggs ..... 100 1 . ....... 51
916 Rio de Altar 107 7 ... ... 7 1
... Debitlck 106 8 ... . ... 8
922 Faenza 10* 6 ... 6 1
Str.'
2 3
1 1
3 5
4 2
E 1
6 1
8
7 %
Fin.
In
2 4 .
3 4
4 8
5 1
6 1
7 1
8
I I Bettlns.
| Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
Piggott 8-5 9^3
Henry 8-5 6-5
Thorpe 6 12
E. Ross 5 8
J. Martin. 10 20
Alexander 20 200
Hennessey .... 50 150
H. Stuart 200 200
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. (St. V.m. Km. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. [Op. Cl.
7925) Flamora, 3 ..... 99 * ... . 4V4 3 >,4 2 n 1 h J. Martin 2 5-3
»25 Afamada, 5 109 3 ... 11 11 11 2 1 Thorpe ........ 5 11-5
861 Ollnthus, 4 106 2 ... 2ft 2 1 34 3n Hennessey.... 4 9
(920> Merry Boy, 6 108 5 ... 5 6 42 44 E. Ross ' 4 5
872 Jennie Reid, 4 100 1 ... 3 1 4 1 5 6 Henry ...| 6 11-2
x: Horse. Aj
re. Weight. | St.
V*m.
tfm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
|Op.
a.
891 The Fretter. 4 103 2 21 22 In 1315 Henry 2 2
925 Ventoro, 4 ..........If* 1 11 1% 2 4 2 2 2 3 Thorpe 2 8-5
(924)" Erwin, S ....... 99 8" 8H 31 8 8 3 3 .81 J.Martin...... 2 12-5
872 Einstein, 5 96 4 4h 5 41 42 45 Bassinjter 10 30
632 Anchored, 4 S7| 5 6 . 4h 5 6 6 Fauntleroy ... 30 100
Index. Hornc. Aga. Welght.|St. %m. %m. Btr. ¦ Fin. | Jockeys. ~JQp- Cl.
(P26) Topmast, a. «2 I 42 42 .2% In 11 PlrsoU : 18-5
SM Sardonic, B KM 2 2n 2 IV4 In 22 21 Henry 2 9-5
890 Tappan. 6 ...: I<W 5 5 6 5 8234 Thorpe.... 3 9-2
920 Wyoming, a 106 3 81 3% '4 3 44 4 8 Hennessey .... 5 6
566 Edgardo. 3 '• 88 4 1 1 1 n 21^ 6 5 Ranch 50 100
Index. Horse.
[ndcx. Horw. Age. Wclght.lSt. %m. Vfem. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
867 Flamero. 4.. 108 8 61 4 4 8 2 22 Ins Henry I 7 8
BS3 Perseus, a ...109 4 2121 21 In 25 Thorpe 4 7
(923) Afghan. 6.. 111 >.. H4-' 14 1 H 8 4 S I^4 PigKOtt 4-S 11-20
922 Don Luis. 8... 101 7 -7 2 .6 Vt . 6 4 (h 4n I. Powell 10 30
(764) Alarla. 4....... ...... .103 6 61 62 6h4H 6 5 Fauntleroy ... 6 15
919 True Blue, 8 ....114 6 8h 3 143 66 61 Shaw 5 9
(910) Durward, 6 ......110 1 4 2 7 6 7 3 7 2 7 2 Glover 20 200
(8«3) InVerary H. 6.......108 g .88 8 8 8 E. R0b5........ 12 30
[ndwt. Horae. Age. Weight. |
(S6O) Socialist. 6. ...11l
877 Constellator. 8.. 91
SM Cromwell, a 109
11h 1 h
3 2 4 J«
3 I J^JV ;¦
1 n
2 8
• ¦¦' S
,m.
1 n
88
12
38
In.
Thorpe ........
J. Martin......
:»ya.
!Op.
8-6
3-6 >-!
Index. Hone. Age. Weight. | St.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
I Jockeya.
J. Martin.. ..„
Basalnger ....
Shaw „.
Thorpe...
E.: Ross
Morgan .....;.
M. Bergen j
Glovar
Henry ....'..„¦.
Ranch ........
Stuart .........
Bozeman ......
5-1 9-2
-10- 25
10 40
I 3
7' S
B-2 5
10 12
8 15
10 6
15 .30
40 JOO
10 29
919 Sister Alice. 6 106
910 ; Gold Baron, 4.... ...105
923 : Kosalbra, *... -.111
89S " Cyril. 8...............1 M
931. Royal Prlre. 8......106
909 : Grand Sachem. 5.. .108
923 : Sorrow, 6............ .10*
819 Monda. 4.........;.. .110
756 Yu1e. 75.... :.;..... ...10«
j 925 Melkarth, 8.. ...... ..108
785* St. Algnon, a. ...... .108
(901) None Such, 5.. :.:... 108
4
3
6
6
11
2
t
1
9
10 .;
12 y
7
1 2
10 1
5 ?
.-,: 2 2
• 11 19
6 h
7 h
;M
13 *.
8 h:
1 J
7 h
• «tt
2 2
8 h
M]
b i :
9 1
10 1
12- ..-
1110
12
6 1
3n
2 1,
6 1
7 1
4 H
8h
9 3
10 2
: 12
v 10
.*.
n
2n
3 2
'4 h
6 h
7 2
.8 1
95
10 6
11 6
12
Index. Horse. Welght.|St. %m. %m.
(916) M. F. Tarpey 115~4 3 6
BS2 Combermere 10* 5 ... ... 12-
916 Lucidia 1» 3 ... ... 2%
911 Andrattus ... 104 2 4 1
916 Lily Diggs ..... 100 1 . ....... 51
916 Rio de Altar 107 7 ... ... 7 1
... Debitlck 106 8 ... . ... 8
922 Faenza 10* 6 ... 6 1
Str.'
2 3
1 1
3 5
4 2
E 1
6 1
8
7 %
Fin.
In
2 4 .
3 4
4 8
5 1
6 1
7 1
8
I I Bettlns.
| Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
Piggott 8-5 9^3
Henry 8-5 6-5
Thorpe 6 12
E. Ross 5 8
J. Martin. 10 20
Alexander 20 200
Hennessey .... 50 150
H. Stuart 200 200
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. (St. V.m. Km. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. [Op. Cl.
7925) Flamora, 3 ..... 99 * ... . 4V4 3 >,4 2 n 1 h J. Martin 2 5-3
»25 Afamada, 5 109 3 ... 11 11 11 2 1 Thorpe ........ 5 11-5
861 Ollnthus, 4 106 2 ... 2ft 2 1 34 3n Hennessey.... 4 9
(920> Merry Boy, 6 108 5 ... 5 6 42 44 E. Ross ' 4 5
872 Jennie Reid, 4 100 1 ... 3 1 4 1 5 6 Henry ...| 6 11-2
x: Horse. Aj
re. Weight. | St.
V*m.
tfm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
|Op.
a.
891 The Fretter. 4 103 2 21 22 In 1315 Henry 2 2
925 Ventoro, 4 ..........If* 1 11 1% 2 4 2 2 2 3 Thorpe 2 8-5
(924)" Erwin, S ....... 99 8" 8H 31 8 8 3 3 .81 J.Martin...... 2 12-5
872 Einstein, 5 96 4 4h 5 41 42 45 Bassinjter 10 30
632 Anchored, 4 S7| 5 6 . 4h 5 6 6 Fauntleroy ... 30 100
Index. Hornc. Aga. Welght.|St. %m. %m. Btr. ¦ Fin. | Jockeys. ~JQp- Cl.
(P26) Topmast, a. «2 I 42 42 .2% In 11 PlrsoU : 18-5
SM Sardonic, B KM 2 2n 2 IV4 In 22 21 Henry 2 9-5
890 Tappan. 6 ...: I<W 5 5 6 5 8234 Thorpe.... 3 9-2
920 Wyoming, a 106 3 81 3% '4 3 44 4 8 Hennessey .... 5 6
566 Edgardo. 3 '• 88 4 1 1 1 n 21^ 6 5 Ranch 50 100
Index. Horse.
[ndcx. Horw. Age. Wclght.lSt. %m. Vfem. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
867 Flamero. 4.. 108 8 61 4 4 8 2 22 Ins Henry I 7 8
BS3 Perseus, a ...109 4 2121 21 In 25 Thorpe 4 7
(923) Afghan. 6.. 111 >.. H4-' 14 1 H 8 4 S I^4 PigKOtt 4-S 11-20
922 Don Luis. 8... 101 7 -7 2 .6 Vt . 6 4 (h 4n I. Powell 10 30
(764) Alarla. 4....... ...... .103 6 61 62 6h4H 6 5 Fauntleroy ... 6 15
919 True Blue, 8 ....114 6 8h 3 143 66 61 Shaw 5 9
(910) Durward, 6 ......110 1 4 2 7 6 7 3 7 2 7 2 Glover 20 200
(8«3) InVerary H. 6.......108 g .88 8 8 8 E. R0b5........ 12 30
[ndwt. Horae. Age. Weight. |
(S6O) Socialist. 6. ...11l
877 Constellator. 8.. 91
SM Cromwell, a 109
11h 1 h
3 2 4 J«
3 I J^JV ;¦
1 n
2 8
• ¦¦' S
,m.
1 n
88
12
38
In.
Thorpe ........
J. Martin......
:»ya.
!Op.
8-6
3-6 >-!
Index. Hone. Age. Weight. | St.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
I Jockeya.
J. Martin.. ..„
Basalnger ....
Shaw „.
Thorpe...
E.: Ross
Morgan .....;.
M. Bergen j
Glovar
Henry ....'..„¦.
Ranch ........
Stuart .........
Bozeman ......
5-1 9-2
-10- 25
10 40
I 3
7' S
B-2 5
10 12
8 15
10 6
15 .30
40 JOO
10 29
919 Sister Alice. 6 106
910 ; Gold Baron, 4.... ...105
923 : Kosalbra, *... -.111
89S " Cyril. 8...............1 M
931. Royal Prlre. 8......106
909 : Grand Sachem. 5.. .108
923 : Sorrow, 6............ .10*
819 Monda. 4.........;.. .110
756 Yu1e. 75.... :.;..... ...10«
j 925 Melkarth, 8.. ...... ..108
785* St. Algnon, a. ...... .108
(901) None Such, 5.. :.:... 108
4
3
6
6
11
2
t
1
9
10 .;
12 y
7
1 2
10 1
5 ?
.-,: 2 2
• 11 19
6 h
7 h
;M
13 *.
8 h:
1 J
7 h
• «tt
2 2
8 h
M]
b i :
9 1
10 1
12- ..-
1110
12
6 1
3n
2 1,
6 1
7 1
4 H
8h
9 3
10 2
: 12
v 10
.*.
n
2n
3 2
'4 h
6 h
7 2
.8 1
95
10 6
11 6
12ROMANCE ON THE
MAIL STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PEKING
Chief Officer Bucknam to
Wed Edna Farrell of the
Opera-House.
Steamers and Sailing Vessels Getting
Heady for Norne — Accidents on
the Front — Trouble Over
Stowing Cargo.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Dell Vollmer from John P. Vollmer on
the ground of habitual intemperance,
George F. Peppier from Ella Peppier on
the ground of willful desertion, Minnette
D. Black from Lewis C. Black on the
ground of extreme cruelty and Minnie
Courtier from Richard J. Courtier Jr. on
the ground of extreme cruelty.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
PARTY LEADERS
CULLED TO MEET
NEXT THURSDAY
Notice Given to Republican
State Executive Com
mittee.
Call Issued by Vice Chairman Par
dee — Conventions to Choose Dele
gates to Philadelphia "Will Not.
Nominate Congressmen.
INITIAL measures have been taken to
bring about an early meeting of the
Republican State Central Committee.
Last Wednesday Major Frank Mc-
Laughlin wired from Chicago to Judge
E. C. Hart of Sacramento advising the
latter as secretary to confer with Dr.
George C. Pardee, flm vice chairman of
the committee. Judge Hart came to this
city yesterday, and the conference as sug
gested took place. As a result of the In
terview the following notice was sent to
efech member of tlie executive committee
of the Stale Central Committee:
Headquarters Republican State Central Com
nilttee of California, room 166. Palace Hotel.
SAN FRANCISCO. March 15. 1900.
Dear Sir: The members of the executive com
raittee are requested to meet at the Palace
Hotel, room SSO, on Thursday. March 2J. at
I 30 o'clock p. m.. to lit time and place for
a meeting of the State Central Committee and
for the consideration of euch pther business
as mar proper!* come before the meeting.
Your attendance is earnestly requeued. By
requrst of Frank McUauehlln. chairman. Re
epectfully,
GEO. C. PARDEE. Vice Chairman.
E. C. HART, Secretary.
The members of the executive commit
tee are: Frank McLaughlin. Orovllle;
George C. Pardee and E. Kusbaumer,
Oakland; E. F. Preston. San Mateo; Wen
dell Euston, Paris Kllburn. Horace Davis,
P. N. Lillenthal, W. J. Dutton, Georgw
Stone, R. C. Meyers, I?aac Upham, J.
Alva Watt and J. K. Wilson, San Fran
cisco; E. C. Hart. Sacramento; James Mc-
Faxlden, Santa Ana; Frank P. Flint. H.
Z. Osborne, W. F. Parker, Los Angeles,
and A- G. Gassen. San Diego.
When the State Central Committee
meets it will issue a call for a State con
vention to chooee four delegates ax large
to the National convention called to as
semble at Philadelphia on June 19, 1900.
If there be no departure from established
custom the delegates chosen by the vari
ous Congressional districts will comprise
the State convention, but these delegates
will have no authority to nominate candi
dates for Congress. The notion enter
tained bjr many Republicans that the con
ventions chosen in Congressional districts
to select delegates to tho National con-
Ex-Coroner Hill Sued.
A suit has been brought in the Justices*
Court by John Tracy against Former Cor
oner Hill for the return of two diamond
EGGS/OR APRIL AND MAY
communicating: with us. We will nuarante<» to
df, ?' C J i n .^"J'M? 8 of 25 case, and upward
drew and May at 13% c p«r dozen. Ad-
SPENCER REFRIGERATING CO..
i Kansaj City. ilo» .
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Bertha ', Broschan of, San Francisco -filed
a petition In; insolvency yesterday in • the
United States District Court. She owes
$264 45 and has •no assets. -- Apollos ¦ Hast
ings, saloon-keeper of Stockton, San Joa
quln County , i; filed' a•• similar document.
His liabilities are $5675 83 and he has no
assets.";' ¦ ; - - ¦ ¦ ¦/• ' - :-. . '-: '¦ ¦ : "^ ,
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. ' Never falls.'. Try it. 'AH druggists. •
THE FRISCO BOYS,
CORNER KEARNY STREET AND UNION SQUARE AVENUE.
We Close at 6 Every Evening Except Saturday.
Sudden Death of W. M. Hood.
The man found unconscious in Golden
Gate Park early last Wednesday, morn
ing died in the City and County Hospital
yesterday and the body was brought' to
the Morgue. The remains were Identified
as those of W. M. Hood, a clva engineer
and . inventor. The deceased was about
60 years old and in very poor, circum
stances. He was a graduate of the Uni
versity of * Pennsylvania and • a man of
considerable natural ability.
Wills Filed for Probate.
The will of William B. Allen, who died
March 9, leaving an estate valued at $17,
000. was filed for probate yesterday. De
cedent bequeaths his entire 'estate in trust
to Robert Brotherton to sell and dispose
of the proceeds as follows: To Elizabeth
Allen, a sister, $1000; to Mrs. Sophie
Brotherton. a friend, $2SO; to Thomas Al
len, a brother. $100; to- Thomas W. Allen,
a nephew, $100; to Kate Elizabeth Allen,
a niece, $100. The residue of the estate is
bequeathed Elizabeth Allen. All of the
devisees reside in London, England.
The will of Julius Levy, who died March
8. was also filed. An estate valued at $25G0
is bequeathed to Henry Levy, a brother.
I will irnarantee
that my Rheumatism
Cnre will relieve lum-
bago, sciatica and all
rheumatic pains in
two or three hours,
and cure in a few-
days.
MUNYON.
At *11 dragjrfsts,
2oc. a rial. Guide
to Health and medi-
cal advice free.
1505 Arch st.. Phila.
BURGLARS VISIT THE
PIONEER WAREHOUSE
They Hansack the Place and Carry-
Away, Eighteen Dozen Suits of
iiSlslv Underwear.
The police were notified yesterday that
the Pioneer Warehouse, Battery and Fil
bert streets, had been entered by burglars
during the night. Detective T. B. Gibson
and Sergeant Ellis were detailed on the
case. • ¦
They made an Investigation and discov
ered that entrance had been ' effected by
forcing the iron bars across the door and
then prying it open. In the . office they
attempted to break' open the inside door,
of the safe, the outer • door being always
left open, but were not successful. They
took <5 cents out of the telephone box and
going upstairs broke open several cases
of underwear -and stole eighteen dozen
suits. They left a ''Jimmy" and an iron
bar behind them. j
.Charles Duzen. the special watchman In
the locality, told the officers that he visit
ed the warehouse at 3, 4 and 5 o'clock
yesterday morning and everything seemed
in proper, shape. :The job : is . supposed to
have been done. by amateurs.
• New finishes In oak moldings for picture
frames and new pictures in water colors,
platlnotypes, photographs and ¦ etchings.
Visitors always welcome. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market st. •
830-832-834 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
The Mail steamer City of Peking sailed
for the Orient yesterday. She carried a
fair number of passengers and was loaded
to the guards with freight. Quite a num
ber of fair maidens from the Grand
Opera-house were down to see the big
liner sail. Among them was Miss Edna
Farrell, whom rumor says Is going to
marry Chief Officer R. : Bucknam : of the
Mail boat. Everybody knows of Miss Far
rell. and Captain Bucknam Is equally well
known among shipping men. He was for
merly master of the whalebock City of
Everett, but left that vessel to enter the
Mail Company's service. He was captain
of tho port at Panama for a year, and on
coming home on account of ill health was
appointed to the Peking.
Among the passenger* who went away
on the Peking was E. Vonck, the owner
and manager of the largest sugar planta
tion in Java. He has been all over the
world inspecting refineries and picking up
Information. As the result of his travels
he says the finest sugar manufacturing
plant in the world is at Watsonville. Cap
tain Merry, who goes to Honolulu to take
charge of the naval station at that port,
was another passenger, and Miss Me-
Clure, daughter of the chief engineer of
the Peking, will make the round ¦ trip oa
the steamer. ¦ :.
A blglleet of vessels is being got ready
for the Nome trade. The well found bark
Alaska is r being fitted out at Harrison
street wharf; the barkentino Catherine
Sudden at Mission-street wharf; the
steam schooner Alliance Is having a deck
house built on her at the Folsom-street
bulkhead; the schooner Volante is -ready
for freight, while the steam whalers
Thrasher, Jeanette and Mary D. Hume
are ready for an Immediate start, for the
gold fields. These three vessels will prob
ably be the first to reach Nome, and fol
lowing them very close; will be the bark
Alaska. The whalers are only carrying
a favored few, and the Alaska has nearly
all her accommodation sold. The other
vessels are'also filling up fast. .
The schooner Sophie Sutherland has
been sold to the Pacific Steam Whaling
Company. She will be overhauled and
may be sent north with supplies to Nome.
There was a chapter of accidents on the
front yesterday. Philip Olsen of the
steamer Hathor had this thumb- cut off.
The hatch fell en it and took the member
off close to the palm of the hand. He was
treated by Dr. Hopper at the Harbor Hos
pital. . Jack Williams, 'a 'longshoreman,
got into a fight with an Italian over the
war in South Africa. Williams, who is an
Irishman, sided with the Boers, and. in
consequence Dr. Dray had to patch up the
side of his face, mend his index . finger
and • sew up a four-inch scalp wound . at
the Harbor Hospital. .
' The ship Shenandoah hauled out ~ into
the stream yesterday after taking aboard
1.500.000 feet of lumber for AustralU.
While the sails were being bent, William
Roberts, one of. the sailors, fell from aloft
and broke three of. his ribs and; his right
arm. lie was brought ashore In a launch
An Offer of 300 Correctly Tailore
FOR FASHIONABLE DRESSERS
Suits for Men.
Among these. Suits you will
find, the prevailing fashions in
Cusfsimeres. in bright, genteel
and correct colorings for sprint
wear. = "*
Among these Suits you will
find the dark Oxford Mixtures,
which are so swell these days,
in Single- Breasted Sack 1 !, care-
fully and cleverly tailored and
brand new styles.
Among these Three Hundred
Suits you will find some very
choice Tweeds, some very choice
Cheviots, in spring colorings.
Every garment represents care,
study and skill as to tailoring
and workmanship. *"
These Three Hundred Suits
vill be offered in our Men's Suit
Room, Friday and Saturday,
and on these two days only, at
THE SUIT.
Nobody's Old Stock! Nothing But Brand
New Spring Fashions
NO IFS NOR ANDS!
CARRIE C. SANKEY'S
ESTATE IN PROBATE
Her Death Recalls the Interesting
Litigation by Which She Re
. covered a Large Fortune. • ;
Public Administrator Boland has applied
for letters of administration upon the
estate of .Carrie C Sankey, who died sud
denly at the home of K. A. Lundstrom on
Tuesday afternoon. A few ¦ months ago
Miss Sankey was the plaintiff in a sensa
tional suit brought to compel Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Coggins to reconvey prop
erty valued at $40,000 which she had deed
ed to them under undue influence. The
trial of the case lasted several weeks and
Miss Sankey was the victor. It was
proved that in addition to conveying the
property in question Miss Sankey also
bore the major portion of the expenses of
the Coggins household and furnished the
defendants with other than necessities.
Coggins was Miss Sankey's guardian, and
he contested her suit with vigor, but with
out avail. The reconveyance of the prop
erties in question had not been completed
when Miss Sankey was stricken with
heart disease and died. Public Adminis
trator Boland will now take charge of
her estate and transfer the fruits of her
legal victory to her heirs-at-law, as it is
understood she died intestate. Miss San
key was 29 years of age at the time of her
death. ¦ ¦
Heart Disease Caused Death.
The autopsy made last Wednesday night
by Morgue Surgeon Leland upon the body
or Miss Caroline Sankey, who died sud
denly last Tuesday . afternoon, revealed
heart dilation as the cause of death. Ow
ing to the fact that the deceased was only
29 years old and apparently a healthy and
vigorous woman It was thought best to
submit the h stomach for examination
to the city, chemist. That official reported
unofficially that he had not yet finished
his examination and chemical analysis,
but that as far as he had gone he had
found no indications of poison.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
L- Clearance
t SALE
POSITIVELYLASTWEEK
SALE CLOSES SATURDAY, MARCH 17.
LADIES' SHOES.
LADIES' COLORED SATIN SLIPPERS—
Pointed toes, all shades, all sizes, formerly
woo ausu
LADIES' SUEDE KID OXFORDS— In Black.
Tan. Nile Green and Lavender, nearly all
sizes, formerly J9 91.50
LADIES' KID OXFORDS— Sizes 3 to 4 AAA to
B, formerly $2.50.. „ |tI.OO
GENTS' SHOES.: I
CENTS' FRENCH CALF CORK SOLE. Hand.
•ewed Lace Shoes, nearly all sizes. $6 and V
grades *:X.OO. »*.!."»
GENTS" PATENT LEATHER. Lace or Con-
Kress, best makes, formerly $6. elzes 9 to 11.
A. B. C. !*I.."W»
GENTS' BICYCLE SHOES— Lace, tn Bla»-k or
Tun. brcken sizer. formerly J3.00 !*—.»M>
GENTS' TAN RUSSIA CALF Lace Shoesi.
pointed to*«. $4.0) and |5.U> quality, br»k*n
lot: to close out $I..~><>
MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S . SHOES.
CHILDS' GOAT BUTTON SHOE— French toe.
narrow - widths, sizes 5 to 7. to close-
out coo
BOYS' AND YOUTHS' PATENT LEATHEK
LACK ANr» BUTTON SHOES— Broken Mzes.
forme 1 . rt.CO and $4.00..~ St.OO
MISPF; i'KNT LKATnr.R Button Shoes.
Frene: -. kid. black cloth or tan cloth
tops, 5:...- 11 to 2. formerly J4.00 J».";o
MISSES' AT-L KIP On GOATSKIN Batten
Shoes. French to««. Mzes 12 to 2. formi— ly
».S0 0.-.0
LOTS OF BARGAINS.
Goods strictly as advertised.
See prices In window.
ADVERTISING IN
PUBLIC PUCES
IS IN DISFAVOR
Supervisors' Committee Will
Approve Submitted
Ordinances.
Legality of the Measures to Be De
termined — Unsightly and Gro
tesque Signs Under the
Ban.
? The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday took up the proposition to regu
late advertising on fences and public
places. T. T. Williams submitted two
ordinances to cover the existing abuses.
The first ordinance presented provides
that it shall be unlawful for any person
or corporation to build or maintain any
fence or frame of wood covered with can
vas or other inflammable material within
the limits of the city and county without
first obtaining a permit of the Fire War
dens; that no permit shall be given for the
maintenance of such fences over eight feet
in height nor if 'they constitute a menace
to life or property or are liable to Inter
fere with the work of the Fire Depart
ment in extinguishing fires, of which the
Fire Warden shall be the sole judge. The
ordinance also provides that such fences
are declared a public nuisance, which
must be abated forthwith by the Chief of
Police and Fire Department.
The second ordinance is similar to the
first, but is intended to regulate the build*
ing of fences around any vacant lot or
portion thereof, and limits their height to
ten feet.
Replying to a question . of Supervisor
Connor, Mr. Williams said that the meas
ures were sweeping in character and will
prohibit electric signs in front of thea
ters.
"The newspapers," said Mr. Williams,
"are willing to take in every sign and
billboard they now use for advertising
purposes in the, city. The abuse of elec
tric advertising signs was evidenced j by,
the great trouble the firemen experienced
in New York City. The newspapers em
ploy a large number of men, pay high
wages, and their interests should be con
sidered along with the claims of advertls-.
ing companies. The theaters are a nui
sance in their advertising, for they send
out a score of men on a dark night to
paste posters all over the. town. Regard
ing the claim of advertisers that they are
heavy taxpayers, Owens & Varney have
no real estate and pay taxes on personal
property assessed at $1400. Slebe & Green's
personal' property is assessed for $1175.
The ordinance aims to cover cases where,
large and unsightly signs are placed in
front of buildings.
A. Dijeau and E. L. Clapp of the San
Francisco Labor Council opposed the ordl
naces, claiming they would deny, labor
unions the privilege of advertising their
meetings and notices of boycotts on
wagons. They contended it would.be but
fair to deny the right to every business
man to advertise on the wagons he owns.
. Supervisor Maguire stated that the com
mittee desired to adopt an ordinance that
¦would be uniform and result in the re
moval of all unsightly advertisements. The
two ordinances presented by Mr. Williams
and another directed at the grotesque ad
vertising features now in vogue seemed
to meet with the approval of the mem
bers. They, were rsferred to the Judiciary
Committee to determine their legality.
rings, two pearl rings, one bracelet and
one pistol, alleged to have been wrong
fully withheld by the former city official.
In default of the return of the articles
Tracy demands Judgment for tho sum of
$133.
UNEXPECTED DEATH
OF OFFICER ALLEN
Was Only Twenty-Eight Tears Old
and the Sole Support of a
Widowed Mother.
Officer C. A. Allen of the California
street police station died yesterday in St.
Luke's Hospital of typhoid pneumonia.
Deceased was only 28 years old and had
been on the police force three years, de
tailed on the Mason street beat. He was
taken sick only, a few days ago and his
death Is a surprise to his friends. He was
a very popular officer and his reputation
was of the best. His sudden taking away
has been rendered all the sadder because
he was the sole support of his widowed
mother, with whom he resided at 1141
Point Lobos avenue.
Otto S. Erlebach against Clara Erlebach
for desertion and Emily Brinkmann
against Charles Brinkmann for failure to
provide.
pressed determination by the friends of
all aspirants to keep out of such a con
test.
Last evening the executive committee
of the Republican county committee held
a meeting. A resolution recently pub
lished In The Call relating to joint action
by the Republican and Democratic county
committees relative to holding the pri
mary elections of both political parties
en the same day was considered. After
discussion the resolution was referred to
Alfred Bouvler, chairman, and James A.
Wilson, secretary of the county commit
tee; I. J. Truman Jr., chairman, and J. C.
Zellerbach and D. McDonald of the execu
tive committee. They will confer with
representatives of the Democratic party.
ventlon can also perform the duty of nom
inating candidates for Congress is alto
gether erroneous.
Nominating conventions to assemble in
September will be chosen in August, ac
cording to the provisions of the primary
election law. Candidates for Presidential
Electors, Representatives In Congress and
Senators and Assemblymen of the State
Legislature cannot be placed en the tick
et unless they are nominated by conven
tions chosen as the primary election law
designates.
The merits and defects of Congressional
aspirants ¦will not be considered In the
State convention or in the Congressional
District conventions chosen to send dele
gates to the national convention. The only
party duty that the early conventions can
perform is that of choosing delegates to
the Philadelphia convention.
In the Third District the friends of Met
calf and Dalton, the rival aspirants for
the Congressional nomination on the Re
publican ticket, agree that Dr. George C.
Pardee should be one of the delegates at
large from California. There is no indi
cation in any district of a desire on the
part of Republicans to bring the Congres
sional contest into the conventions chosen
to select delegates to the national conven
tion- On the other hand, there is an ex-
Fleet Held at the Angel Island Quarantine Station.
Hales.
Hales.
/HE SAI* FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1900.
C. P. HUHTINGTON
PARTS WITH HIS
PULLMAN SHARES
Southern Pacific Is Paid a
Big Sum for Its
Interests.
Cars Will Be Leased in the Future on
a Mileage Schedule and Not
Bun Jointly as Here
tofore. ;
A deal has Just been consummated In
New York between C. P. Huntlhgton and
the .Pullman Palace Car Company by
which the latter comes Into absolute con
trol of all the Pullman cars used on the
Southern Pacific Company's lines. ¦ ,
This" change, which has been rumored
for the last year and a half, involves the
transfer to the Pullman Car Company of
the three-fourths interest in the Pullman
cars used on the Southern Pacific tracks.
Previous to ISS3 the Southern Pacific
Company ran Its own sleeping cars under
the name of the Silver palace cars. In
that year a deal was entered into between
them and the Pullman people by which
the Southern Pacific agreed to sub
stitute Pullmans for their old • car
service on the condition of being
•allowed to own a- three-fourths in
terest in all the Pullman rolling stock
used on their roads. They paid three
fourths of the cost of the cars, the same
proportion of the expenses of running
them and divided the accruing profits at
the same ratio. This contract, which was
for fifteen -years, expired in 1898, and nego
tiations have been going on ever since be
tween the two companies for the sale of
the entire interest to one or the other of
them. Pending the culmination of these
negotiations the old contract was by mu
tual agreement continued In force.
The recent sale is the end of the matter,
and henceforth the management of the
whole business will be in the hands of the
Pullmans. The sale affects the transfer of
about seventy-five cars and .the payment
of 11,500,000.
In the future the Southern Pacific Com
pany will hire cars from the Pullman peo
ple in such numbers as they are required.
The ' conduct and entire management of
these cars will be in the hands of the
Pullman Company, who will run them in
all their 'details, merely being paid so
much by the Southern Pacific Company
for the time they are used in the transpor
tation of the latter company's passengers.
Presumably the payment for their hire
will be based on a mileage schedule.
This arrangement will benefit the trav
eling public from the fact that it will
probably result in a better class of cars
being put on the run. Heretofore it was
to the interest of both the Pullman people
and the Southern Pacific .Company to
economize as much as possible and to use
the cheapest and the oldest cars that the
traveling public would stand for. Now it
will be to the Interest of the Southern
Pacific to make their road as attractive
as any other and to get the best the Pull
mans have to offer.
and attended to at the Harbor Hospital by
Drs. Hopper and Deas.
The revenue cutter McCulloch sailed for
Monterey yesterday on a practice cruise.
The Norwegian steamer Leander was
delayed three days owing to the Insurance
companies objecting: to the manner In
which the cargo was stowed. The two
launches built by the Fulton Iron Wonca
for P. W. Mordln & Co. of Siberia were
the bone of contention. They were not
properly placed on deck, and the agents of
the vessel had to go to considerable ex
pense in getting the matter satisfactorily
adjusted.
All of the quarantined fleet are still off
Angel Island. The Duke of Fife will be
released on Saturday and will go to the
Presidio to discharge the remains of the
soldiers now aboard. The Gaelic is still
held because the result of the experiments
with the blood taken from the sick China
man are not yet completed. The Charles
Nelson will be released to-day and the
Centennial on Sunday. The stern-wheeler
Caroline, that went out to the Gaelic
when she came in, was also quarantined,
but she will be released to-day. These are
busy times for Dr. Klnyoun.
I Of course, you know
I the dependability of
I our Clothes ; .they're
I built different from
I other stores, built on
I fashionable lines,
« built to last.
8 dress goods and trimmings from the J. J. O'Brien
H & Co. stock are what we tell you of to-day, many"
i other good things at prices equally as low will be found
H on our counters this week.
I Trimmings.
a two lots of J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s goods to be sold
a out at once. |
ra lot no. I— colored, bead and lot no. 2 — iridescent
I spangled lguimps in gold, red, spanned netting, 27
B . navy and green. hanJ-raade. :„,.!,« w !Hp hiack frin-
§ colored silk euimpe in navy inches wide, DlacK rrm
1 and ereen i inch wiJe. mourn- ges, 3-inch black silK
|S Ing fringe 3 inches wide, also guimpe. J. J. O'Brien
1 i^inch fur edging fn gray and & Co 's price, the yard,
I . black and garnrt and black. <?,«-." „£* <t-> rv-i nnw
1 , J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s nrke I '°° and P 2 '°°- now
I 25c to $1.00 a yard. 1 ££. only jm o
a . now -yardJ^^C yard^f^^C |
I whipcord tfj (
J suiting • -CSfCJO i
¦ . fancy whipcord suiting in mixtures of brown, blues,
I greens ahJ modes, extra heavy and hard-finished
9 x surface. J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price, the yard, Si. 50.
H fancy colored crepons- camels' hair plaids —
H two styles to select irom in specially adapted for separate
M purple, blu;, green, cyrano, skirts, extra heavy quality
H. olive, etc. a s»yJUh, up-t*- and strictly all wool. 46
g! date fabric. J. J. O'Bien & inches wide. J. J. O"B'i-n& ,
H Co.'s priceSi. 25.. £™[ Co.'s price. 85c p^ £ST
H now, the yard.... s^^C yard, now «w 9*—^C }
a I Arnold knit goods — come and see it. |
H 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 917 iMarket Street.
JfU 2 *©-MATZOS
" The Ean Francisco Matza Co «.,.«- „„.»
eggs. 15c per pound; macrones 40c ocr Bound.
i
12
MISS EDNA FARRELI*