THE COMEDIE FRANCAISE.
INTERIOR VIEW, SHOWIN G THE GRAND STAIRCASE.
Meanwhile the .fire .brigade had been
summoned, but twenty minutes elapsed
before j the fire detachment arrived, and
then 1 only hand pumps were brought.
Finally, steam pumps came, but then it
was found that no water was to be had.
It was 12:45 p. m.,\ nearly three-quarters
of an, hour after the- alarm was raised,
before a streanvof water, was poured Into
the -burning building, which by that time
was quite beyond control. The smoke
'which arose and formed a heavy pall over
the theater acted as a. magnet to the
Parisians. I who I flocked to ' the : scene In
crowds."; -',;'-.'•*
'*'Le Francals is In flames!" spread from
mouth to , mouth until , the news ha/1
reached every quarter, and nothing else
was discussed, as the home of the French
classical j drama | has been as familiar to
Frenchmen as is. the. Capitol at Washing
ton to Americans. . An immense concourse
Won assembled at 'every point from which
a f view- of- the'- fire could ; be obtained. - The
police endeavored to clear spaces around
PARIS, March 8, 11 p. m.— The Thea
tre Francals, the historical play
house of Paris and the home of the
world-famed Comedie Francaise. is
to-night a mass of smoking ruins.
Only the mere outside shells remain. The
dome has collapsed and the Interior is an
utter wreck. The magnificent ceiling,
bearing the allegorical painting by Maze
rolle, the ceiling painting by De Boeuf the
younger. .of tTruth Enlightening the
World." which adorned the foyer, and a
number of other mural tableaus and
works of art, together with a portion of
the invaluable library of manuscripts, per
ished In the flames. " .
Practically all the sculpture, however,
was saved and removed to the Ministry of
Finance, which faces thu site of the thea
ter on the Rue de Rlvoll. The priceless
statue of Voltaire, by Houdon, one of the
chief beauties of._the. foyer, escaped by
being enveloped in a pile of mattresses.
The only victim of the' fire so far as is
known was Mile. Henriot. a beautiful
young actress of 19, whose photograph ha*
been exhibited along the boulevards as a
type of Jreauty. She came of a theatrical
family and her mother has been filling an
important role at the Theatre Antoine.
It was. however, only a matter of an
hour that saved Paris a repetition of the
Opera Comique catastrophe, as a crowd
of women and children had already gath
ered at the doors, awaiting the opening
for the matinee, when the alarm was
raised. Had the performance begun few
probably would have escaped owing to the
rapidity with which the flames spread,
pettling the fate of the building before the
firemen could even Ret to work.
The staff of the theater and several
actors and actresses had arrived and the
sceneshifters were busy preparing the
stage for the matinee when a passer
by perceived smoke curling up from the
windows near the- roof. An -alarm.' was
given and men rushed inside the building
shouting fire. Ageneral scramble' for the
doors ensued among the staff, and it was
at first thought that, all had escaped, but
it was found out afterward that several
persons in the upper stories. Including
Miles. Henriot and Dudlay,, had been for
gotten. •
Mile. Henriot, the Promising 1 Young Actress, Perishes in the
Conflagration, Which Is Believed to Have Been .
Started by an Incendiary.
RECIPROCITY
TREATY MAY
BE DEFEATED
Opponents, of the French
Convention Are Claim
ing a Victory.
HAVE STAYED PROCEEDINGS
Prevent Action Before the Date
Upon Which -the' Agreement. '
Must Be Either Approved 1
or Rejected.
? ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. March
B.— Senator Aldrich and the ' New
England Senators who are acting
with ' him in _.ppposlng the ratifica
tion of the "French" treaty are asserting
to-day that they have practically secured
a stay_of proceedings which will prevent
action on the treaty before March 14, the
date upon which the treaty must either
be approved or rejected. As "the subject
Is still pending In secret session. Senators
are prohibited from discussing it. for pub
lication, but enough Is known of the situa
tion to Justify the prediction that the
treaty will not be ratified within the pre
scribed limits, and negotiations have been
cpened with the French Government with
a view to securing an extension of time
in which to obtain ratification.
The opposition- to the treaty has been
able to convince the several Senators that
Its provisions are defective In certain re-
Fpects, and certain modifications are sug
gested which may make it more accept
able.
It is understood the conditions in the
Senate were explained to the President
and Secretary of State to-day, and not
withstanding the urgent request of ¦ the
President that the treaty In Its present*
shap« should be ratified the opposition
Is stubborn enough to convince him that
the desired results cannot now be ob
tained. ,
Some of the friends of the treaty are
disposed to Insist upon making an open
fight, but the more conservative Senators
who favor ratification realize that with the
limit extending only until March 2t and
the elastic rules of the Senate to aid the
opposition an open fight will avail nothing
for the treaty.
The question now to be determined Is
whether the treaty shall be killed in
secret session by prolonging its con
sideration beyond the time limit, or
whether it ¦ shall be allowed to go
to the Finance Committee for examlna-;
tlon and report, providing France is will
ing to grant an extension of time.. It Is
freely predicted that unless the treaty is
ratified now the opposition will see to It
that It Is put safely and securely to~Bieep
In the Finance. Committee room and it will
never be heard of again, except- as a^bun
dle of waste paper. .The strongest kind<of
pressure has been brought to bear upon
the proposition without avail, ¦ and the
Senate is again In the position where a
small minority is able to defeat the will
of a substantial majority.
INSIST ON
FORTIFYING
THE CANAL
Many Senators to Support
the Amendment Proposed
by Davis.
DEFIANCE OF HAY'S WISHES
Articles From the Suez Canal Treaty
May Be Incorporated in the
Hay-Pauncefote Con
vention.
»
£j*c!«J IXepatch to Tie C*ll
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. March S.—
Amendment of the Hay-Pauncefote treaty
by the addition cf certain sections from
the convention of free navigation of the
Suez maritime canal would seem to be
likely In defiance of the wishes of Secre
tary Hay. Senator Darts, who will mike
the argument in committee to-morrow fa
vorir.g the adoption of articles from the
Constantinople convention, thinks he has
a strong case. The advocates of amend
ment are not extremists who have been
making the fight for fortifications of the
Nicaragua canal. They are conservative
Senators, who have been defending the
State Department's work, but who appre
ciate force of sentiment for American de
fense in time cf war.
Snez May Be Fortified.
In the Hay-Pauncefote treaty It Is ie
dared in article II that the high contract
lni? part Vs. depirlng- to preserve and main
tain the general principle of neutrality es
tablished In the Clayton-Bulwer conven
tion, adopt as -.h* basis of such neutrali
sation rules substantially as embodied in
the convention between Great Britain and
certain other powers with reference to the
Suez canal. Now it Is pointed out by Da
vis that every article and rule contained
la the treaty signed at Constantinople in
ISSB for the free navigation of the Suez
has been adopted by Secretary Hay and
Lord Pauncefote except those which "grant
to Epypt and the Ottoman power the
right of self-defense In the event of war.
Mr. Davis cannot understand why this
emission should have been made. It is
heM by him that If the Suez canal treaty
w »s Felecterj as a model for the Nicaragua
rar.al treaty then its provisions thould
have Y-^en followed exactly. It is under-
F-ood that Secretary Hay holds the condi
tions to b* aUEoeat with respect to the
Ottoman possessions and those existing In
the territory of the proposed Nicaragua,
waterway. Th** Suez canal connects th.»
MediterraneAn and Rea seas and Is wholly
en Egyptian soil. The Nicaragua canal
J» to be cut through Nicaragua^ and
C^fta Rlcan territory, which. In the treaty
¦with those countries, is not ceded to th<s
United States as American territory, but,
en the contrary, sovereignty Is to be re
tained by them. The members of the For
e'.pn Relations Committee argue that It
the articles omitted have no application
to the Nicaragua canal, as Secretary Hay
contends, there will be no harm In adopt
ing them. They certainly must have some
bearing on the treaty as a whole, or they
would not have been Incorporated. It is
Insisted, despite the opinion from thj
State Department, that article X. which
Is to form the basis of Davis* amendment.
is the most important In the whole treaty.'
It also Is held to have special application
to the Nicaragua canal and to furnish the
United States with exactly the power re
s-Ired "to Insure, by Its own forces, de
fense cf Its other possessions."
Rights of Egypt.
The Bum Canal fil<3 not cost a dollar, yet
!t Is said Egypt, whose rights have now
came Into possession of Great Britain,
may take any measures thought neces
rary to Insure by its own forces the de
fense of Kgyptian territory. Th<? Nlcar
eyuan canaJ. on the other hand. Is to cost
th* people ©f the United States alone $150,-
OOQ.OOO. In tnts sense, therefore. It must be
considered aa American enterprise, built
under treaty rights from Nicaragua and
Costa Rica, and consequently an Ameri
can possession. The United States Is
charred with th<» duty of policing the
canal, of protecting It against destruction
ana of enforcing the provisions of nej
trallty. The American Government must
maintain garrisons at several locks, which
rhall h€ under the American flag. The
right of the Government to take such
zneasnres as It may think necessary in
order to insure by its own forces on land
or sea the defense of the Pacific Coast, in
particular against Invasion by way of the
canal. Is held by the Davis school of
statesmen to be paramount.
Benator Morgan Is against the Davis
amendment. He agrees with Secretary
Hay that the omission of article X Is of
no ep*dal consequence so far aa the eafe
ruardlns of American rights is concerned.
Morgan takes the view that strict neu
tralization of the canal Is all the protec
tion the United States requires for the
Pacific or Atlantic coasts.
SEEKS INFORMATION.
Mason Desires Correspondence With
England Relative to the Canal.
WASHINGTON, Marci B.— Senator Ma-
Fon to-<say Introduced In the Senate a
resolution calling upon the State Depart
ment for all correspondence between the
Governments of the United States and
Great Britain relating to the isthmian
canal, authorized by the late Secretary'
Jarafs G. Blalne and also "a chronologic
recapitulation of the contention made by
the various Secretaries of Etate eince the
eirn'ng of the Clayton-Bulwtr treaty as
to the validity of this treaty, the replies
of the Government of Great Britain and
the violations of the terms of the treaty
on the part of Great Britala which have
been held by the Governnent of the
United States to have operated as abro
gation of the treaty."
The purpose of the resolution Is an
nounced In the body of it to 'feecure from
the State Department a complete explan
ation as to the attitude of the various
Secretaries of State relative t« the Clay
ton-Bulwer treaty."
In the preamble General Lev Wallace
Is quoted as savin* that Mr. Elaine bad
told him while Secretary of State that he
had written a cote to the American Min
ister to Great Britain instructing him Ho
take the posltiou that Great Britain by
her own acts had rendered' that treaty
void. This statement is contrasted with
"th* statement attributed to the State De
rartmfnt that Secretary Frelinrhuysen
wa» the only Secretary of State who had
h*ld the view that the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty had been canceled.
time for much needed rest. Mrs. Stanford
Is traveling in a private car of the Cen
tral Pacific road, accompanied by her
business manager. Colonel Russell J. Wil
son, and a party of ladies, including Miss
Rice of New York. Mrs. Stanford ¦ came
direct from New York, where she recently
disposed of her stock in the Central and
Southern Pacific roads. When thoroughly
rested the trip to San Francisco will be
resumed. ..
FORTY BUILDINGS
DESTROYED BY FIRE
LEAD, S. D., March B.— Fire this morn
ing destroyed forty buildings and entailed
a loss of $300,000, covered by about $150,000
Insurance. , .
At 2 o'clock the fire was under control.
The big Homestake property was in dan;
ger at one time, but was not touched.
None of the big mining industries ' t>uf
fered. . . " _ :
KRUGER AND STEYN
WANT INTERVENTION
. NEW, YORK. March B.— The Journal has
this -from Rome: j The Italian Consul at
Pretoria has- telegraphed to his Govern
ment-that'Presidents Kruger and Steyn
request the Intervention of the great pow
ers in, order to restore peace on the basis
of the status quo ante bellum.
Fighting at Oosburg.
CAPE TOWN, "March B.— The squadron
of New Zealanders constituting the ad
vance guard of the field force sent to
operate against the rebels in the north
west, districts- of Cape Colony arrived at
Carnarvon yesterday. A squadron ..of
South i Australians has' gone to Vosburg.
The rebels there have artillery and heavy
firing .was ' heard Jon Tuesday. . The dis
patch lof three . small advance forces . is
fraught with danger. The Canadian
mounted rifles have gone to the front. !
Readjustment of Commands.
I LONDON, j March 9.— A readjustment of
some of i the. higher commands is taking
place. -; General White Is to go to Storm-
bergtto take supreme command of Gen
eral Gatacre's division and the Tenth Di
vision,' now in process of formation,' which
will be : under, the immediate command of
General Hunter, Sir George White's chief
Of Staff. : :"¦:•¦.- :¦¦ ¦' V - -¦.-.'. ¦- H.^-.v- ; .;s
Kimberley Traitor's Fate.
LONDON, March 9.— The Daily Mall has
the > following from < Kimberley. dated
Wednesday, March' 7: i "Benjamin Silpent.
born in Russia and alleged to be an Amer
ican j citizen, ; has been * sentenced to - six
years* fi imprisonment ~ at '"," hard labor.;' for
signaling to -the enemy during the; siege."
Entrenching at Biggersberg.
\ LADYSMITH, March B.— The Boers are
entrenching at [ Biggersberg/ The scouts
report that all " the -. Natal Dutch . farmers
have fled' from the surrounding country. .'
EXTERIOR VIEW.
the theater for the' firemen, but e\-ertu
ally the troops had to be summonei to
keep the crowds back and to. assist in the
work of savins the. sculpture, paintings,
library and other treasures, which wore
being hastily lowered from the windows
and heaped in the square or carried into
the stores near by.- .
During the confusion thieves cut several
paintings out of the frames and got clear
away." In one case the police actually as
sisted them, under the impression that the
thieves were workmen from the Comedij
Francaise. ''.''
The actual^ cause of the outbreak ha 3
not been determined,' as the alarm cam*
from the outside, but it Is believed to have
been of incendiary origin.' The back of tho
stage was first consumed, the scenery be
ing like tinder. Owing to a .derangement
of machinery the. iron curtain could "not
be lowered and the auditorium was quick
ly involved.. \ Miles.. Dudlay and- Henrioi
were on the sixth" floor preparing for the
rriatlneei Mlle.'Dudlay says: '
"I was, nearly dressed ' When, I smelled
smoke, which entered under the door. I
flung the door wide open and. found utter
darkness. The • corridor was filled -with
smoke, which choked me.. I , rushed along
the corridor and reached a window, where
I shouted for help. My eries -were -heard
below and ¦ a fireman . mounted ¦ a ladder, 1
tied a rope around. me and, led me to tho
ground. Just In ; time, as . I could 1 f eel " t
was about to faint." -, -- -
Mile. Dudlay was dressed in the costume
of the play, and great ; excitement pre
vailed in the crowd below as she waa
gradually brought to. the ground.. ...
Mile. Henriot's dresser relates that she
left the dressing-room with her mistress,
but that the latter completely lost her
head, and Instead of descending ran . up
stairs and sought refuge in another room,
where, presumably, she was -asphyxiated.'
The fireman; found Mile. Henriot lyin*
on the floor. I Only . her • face had been
burned. The body was carried out and
placed in an ambulance' car, : a' dozen of
which were drawn up in front of thedoor.
As her face was so much burned that she
was unrecognisable; C the ¦ body i was | taken
to the Morgue, where. It ;was Identified by
M. Coquelin ; and pother ' members ¦¦ ">f the
Comedie Francaise by 4 the ! clothing: ?_. .
1 " Meanwhile the mother of Mile, 1 . Henriot
had hurried to ' the , scene, bareheaded and
crying wildly for. her daughter. The truth
was concealed from her as long as possi
ble, and ¦ when ; it was finally ; told to her
she was distracted with grief. ¦
; Mile.! Henriot's dresser, was badly.bunied,
but' not dangerously. .-A - number- of the
firemen : were ¦ slightly injured, cfelefly rby
the' stifling. fumes. ;^ .'. : • :' iy :. .. J
In the Chamber, of Deputies ". to-day M.-
Deschanel. . president ;'¦ of ?' the houses an
nounced, the "destruction *; of * the Theatre
Francais ( by 'tire, ; and ? praised . the [ efforts
of the firemen, who, > he- said;\were \ work
ing -hard to'save the. art treasures. .
It is positively, asserted' that the firo was
due . to.m alevolence.;- M.- Giard,; chlsf of
the municipal .*• has made ,'n
quiry into the " matter/ and is ; convince*
that the fire was due neither > to ; gas nor
electricity. ¦¦* . . ' . • . •
MRS. STANFORD IN MOBILE.
Will Remain There Until Thoroughly
Rested.
Fp#clal Dispatch to The Call
MOBILE. Ala., March S.— Mrs. Leland
Stanford, widow of the California million
aire, arrived in this city to-night from
New York, and will remain here ; some
BIG-TREE BILL
IS SIGNED BY
THE PRESIDENT
Measure for the Preservation
of the Sequoias Becomes
a Law.
Special Dl.-paich to Tie OaJl.
WASHINGTON. March 8. — President
McKlnley signed this afternoon the Joint
resolution which will protect the Cala
veras and Tuolumne big trees from de
struction and thus will preserve one of
the most remarkable natural wonders In
the world. Accompanied by Mrs. Alex
ander Sharon of San Francisco, who rep
resents the California "Women's Club,
which has been so active in creating pub
lic sentiment for the preservation of thes«
trees. Mr. de Vries went to the Wnjte
House. to-day with the enrolled resolution
handsomely printed -on parchment and
signed by Senator Frye. vice president
pro tern. of the Senate, and Speaker Hen
derson of the House. They were at once
shown to the President's private office,
where they found Mr. McKlnley awaiting
them. ,
Mr. de Vries handed the President a
gold pen which he had brought with him
for his use in affixing his signature. Mr.
McKinley took the pen and after signing
his name. he. at the suggestion of Mr. de
Vries. handed it to Mrs. Sharon to be
given by her to the California Women's
Club in recognition of the good work dona
by its members. . Mrs. Sharcn thanked
him and expressed to him the appreciation
of the women of California for the timely
Interest he had shown in the preservation
of the groves.
Before leaving the White House the
President told Mrs. Sharon that he would
send the club an autograph letter express
ing his admiration of the work done by
the ladles of the Pacific Coast.
DAWSON CONTRIBUTES
TO BRITISH RELIEF FUND
Money Raised at a Concert for the
Benefit of Widows and Orphans
of Soldiers.
Special Dispatch to The CftlL
VICTORIA. B. C. March B.— To-day *s
Klondike advices by the steamer Cottage
City Include the details of a patriotic con
cert in Dawson for the British Widows'
and Orphans* Fund, at which $1500 net
was raised in less than an hour. It is also
told that on February M a laborer named
Swanson was killed a mile and a half up
Cariboo trail from Dominion. He was
hauling wood down and had the rope at
tached to his neck. Coming down a sharp
incline the rope must have caught under
the runners, dragging him under and
hanging him. When found an hour later
he was stone 'cold.
Thomas Lamont. on 27 Gold Run, an
Australian from Brisbane, showed his
mettle and his patriotism by walking
fifty-six miles one day last week to hand
In his name for service in South Africa.
As there have been nearly fifty names
handed in without the stimulus of any
thing definite yet as to acceptance, the
Dawsonites are satisfied that a nrst-class
corps of a hundred or more of the very
men needed- to fight the Boers could be
secured In the Yukon in a few days.
Residents of . the Yukon are greatly
pleased with the showing up of the Rock
River coal properties, nineteen miles from
Dawson. On development a well contin
ued seam of high-grade lignite five feet
thick is being worked. 80CV tons of coal
now being on the dumps. Improved ma
chinery is being brought in. Preparations,
are being made on the creeks for an early
clean-up, which is also expected to be a
very profitable one.
HISTORIC THEATER.
Burned Structure One . of , the Most
Famous in the World.
The society which gave Its name to the
splendid building in the Rue de Richelieu,
often called. the Theatre Francals, is a na
tional'and historical monument" most inti
mately'e<mn<ftM with *the history, of
French literature for more than two>ind
a quarter centuries. <It dates back to the
time of Henry IV,, and, beginning with
Moliere and • .Rotrou, • the greatest of
French* writers and actors, down to the
present time, have been identified with it.
The buildipg itself the society has occu
pied since 1799, when it was installed
therein by the First Consul who reconsti
tuted the Comedle .Frahcatse. after a
lapse f of seven years— in" the' troublous
times of the Revolution. .
.Mt.was commenced by the order of the
Duke of Orleans in 1787. The principal
face •'. fronting ' on the Rue de. Richelieu,
presented a peristyle of the Doric order,
with: vestibule of the same- The plafond,
which was sustained by two rows of pil
lars, also of ..the Doric order, was highly
ornamented with sculptures. In the cen
ter was a. fine marble statue of Voltaire,
by.Houdon.
From the vestibule the boxes were
reach*"* by four . staircases. The grand
staircase, which was added by the archi
tect, Chabrol, when the theater was en
larged In 1564. was one of the most splen
did pieces of work In all Paris. Busts and
paintings of Duclos. Rotrou. Piron. Rous
seau. : the two ¦ Cornellles, Qulnault. La
Fontaine and others, by artists equally
eminent in their profession, priceless and
irreplaceable, were among the treasures
and ornaments of the Comedle Francatse.
Its, museum, one of the most Interesting
and unique in all Europe, contained auto
graph'lc manuscripts of the ;' greatest va
riety and value.
The Comedfe Francaise enjoys a' sub
vention of 240.000 francs 'per. year from the
state/which also appoints an administra
tor general, at a salary of 30,000 francs, as
Its ; head. .This functionary ,- Is usually
chosen from ; ; among, the ' most distin
guished literary men of the day. The act
ive ,personnel of- the theater numbers 20S
persons, receiving a total of 795.701 francs
as salaries, exclusive, of .the. division of
profits falling -to- each. -Since IST2 the re
ceipts per year, have. been over .the million
mark," and since ISS3 over 2,500,000 francs.
END OF THE MOST FAMOUS THEATER IN THE WORLD
FIRE DESTROYS THE NOTED
COMEDIE FRANCAISE AT PARIS
COMES FROM
AFAR TO TAKE
HUMAN LIFE
John Hammond Murder 3
Mrs. Guy Gale at Stones
Landing.
SUICIDE CLOSES TRAGEDY.
He Had Been a Suitor for ths
Woman's Hand and Swore That
She Should Never Livo
With Another Man.
Special Dlsxwtch to The Call.
TACOMA. March S.— Mrs. Guy Gale. •
farmer's wife, aged 25 years, was killed
yesterday at Stones Landing by a man
known here as John Hammond, who ar
rived on Tuesday from Buffalo. N. T.
• lammond had formerly been a suitor for
Mrs. Gale's hand and was rejected. Ha
had sworn that she should not live with
another and carried out his threat.
He went about the deed in such a busi
nesslike manner as to leave no doubt that
he had coolly calculated killing her be
fore he started West. After reaching here
Tuesday afternoon he seemed Impatient
on finding that no steamer ¦would go to
Stones Landing until yesterday morning.
This steamer he took. It is reported from
there that he proposed that Mrs. Gale
should accept his attentions and go East
with him. She turned a deaf ear to his
story of devotion, only to find that he
was prepared to take her life.
Almost before she was aware of his In
tentions he whipped out a new revolver
and began firing. Three bullets are said
to have entered her brain and body. Sha
died almost instantly. Hammond then de
liberately took hl3 own life, firing a. bullet
into his brain.
A neighbor's child, who heard part of
their discussion, gave the alarm. Mr.
Gale was In Seattle. A messenger was
sent to Inform him. as well as the King
County Coroner. Gal* passed the mes
senger on the road and did not know of
the tragedy until he reached home.
He married Mrs. Gale last year after
the death of her first husband, whom she,
had married in the East In preference to
Hammond. She was a. pretty woman of
the blonde type.
Hammond's body will be buried; at
Stones Landing. Mrs. Gale's will sD a
brought to Tacoma, where she had a larga
number of friends.
LONDONERS
CHEER FOR
THE QUEEN
Victoria Given an Ovation on
the Drive From Buck
ingham Palace.
JUBILEE SCENES RIVALED
Vast Crowds Line the Boute and
Greet With Boisterous Ac
claim the Royal
LONDON, March B.— Queen Victoria and
the people of the greatest city in her em
• plre to-day celebrated the victories which
they believe have transformed the cam
paign in South Africa from one of reverse
into one of success. That is the only ex
planation of the unbounded, the unpar
alleled enthusiasm with which hundreds
of thousands hailed their sovereign. In
many ways these demonstrations outdid
those of the diamond Jubilee, although
there were no glittering pageants, no tri
umphal arches, no procession of princes,
but only a dozen life guards followed by
a little old lady in the plainest black cos
tume, who had come for a few days' stay
at Buckingham Palace, as she has done
many a time before. Tet. her hoi* upon
the hearts of her people was probably
never : more strikingly manifested. Un
like that of the diamond jubilee, to-day's
popular outburst was almost Impromptu.
The fierce pride In the strength of a
mighty empire that pervaded London ex
ultation when the Queen last drove
through the streets in 1597 had vanished,
and in its place there were thankfulness
and rejoicing for the victories which had
succeeded months of gloom. The depth of
feeling which this demonstration repre
sented could only be gauged by those who
mingled with the crowd. Mothers In deep
mourning for sons killed on the far-off,
veldt struggled bravely with the most
hilarious to catch a glimpse of the Queen
whose womanly sympathy and thought
fulness for the soldiers had topched their
hearts. Often the long cold vigils were
rendered futile by tears that dimmed the
eyes and blurred the vision as the royal
carriage passed. As one very old woman
said: "I've seen her many a time, but she
said she was sorry for my boy and 1
must see her again before I die."
Thousands Wait Patiently.
Thousands braved" the raw east wind
and stood for hours waiting patiently who
have often seen the Queen and who. In
ordinary circumstances, would scarcely
budge to watch her pass. Among those
were many personal friends of the sover
eign—for Instance, the Countess of Brown
low., a great' friend of Victoria and a fa
vorite at court, who sat on the curb shiv
ering ' for hours ¦ with .the crowd outside
Buckingham Palace. In short. It was not
so much a desire to see the monarch as
it was an overwhelming need of an out
let for jubilation over the war and a nat
ural inclination to let the Queen see and
share the gladnes3 of her people, that
prompted London spontaneously to make
to-day one of the most memorable cele
brations of Victoria's reign.
It was quite different from the mad re
joicings that marked the relief of Lady
smith. Rowdyism was conspicuously ab
sent, although the crowds reached such
proportions that the number -of police
would have been quite inadequate had the
people been obstreperous. Moreover, in
termingled with the rejoicings of patriot
ism there was a particularly keen appre
ciation of the Queen's personality, her
womanliness, her great age. This little
touch of reverence for sex rather than for
sovereign rendered the huge crowds tract
able in the hands of the good-natured po
lice, and It was not a hard task to Induce
them to surge back and to make way for
the royal carriage. When the Queen of
Great Britain and Ireland and Empress of
India did pass, nodding as if to many
friends, intsead of bowing with royal re
straint, there echoed under the roar of
cheers many heartfelt expressions, such
as *'God bless her." "God keep - her."
"She's a brave woman." and scores more
like them.
It was small wonder that now and again
tears of Joy rolled down the cheeks of the
aged sovereign.
The semi-official duties undertaken by
the Queen during the day would have
tried the resources of many a woman un
der 81 years of age. Starting early from
Windsor by train she reached the metrop
olis shortly after noon. Until she reached
Buckingham Palace there was never a
moment of quiet. Cheers spread .along
her' route like prairie flre.' Previous to
her arrival Lord Roberts, General Buller
and other heroes of the war had monopo
lized the lung power of the waiting crowd,
and such crowds were never seen In Lon
don even on Jubilee day. Whenever a
soldier or a sailor appeared he was al
most mobbed, so anxious were the people
to show their patriotism. The staid equip
ages of nobles that never before were
guilty of 'displaying anything more start
ling than a crest, were gay with colored
streamers. Every house along the route
to the palace made some attempt at decor,
ation.
"When the hoarse volley announced the
royal approach children and women were
hoisted on'the shoulders of men. The art
students at Kensington, male and female,
as on Ladysmith'day, were again to the
fore, bareheaded and singing patriotic
songs, while throughout the day medical
students in large bodies led the cheering
and singing.
"Unprecedented Scene.
The scene In the quadrangle of the pal
ace after the Queen's arrival, when Lords
and Commoners joined" In singing the na
tional anthem* was unprecedented and
will probably never be repeated during
the present reign. Viscount Cross and Mr.
Chamberlain acted as spokesmen, and
graciously greeted the royal visitor, but
It was to Lady Buller ; that the Queen
quickly turned with a grateful smile.
Then, in the presence. of the legislators of
the United Kingdom, drawing the wife of
the reliever of Ladysmlth closer to her.
she.whlspered. words of. thanks. After
scarcely three hours of rest her Majesty
made a tour of the. city proper, amid the
greatest enthusiasm.
\lt is impossible to estimate the extent
of the crowds through which she passed
before returning ; to Buckingham Palace,
but the numbers were well up in the hun
dreds of thousands. After it was all over
and while a cheering crowd of 10,000 people
still hung outside the , palace, the Queen
dined 'with - the ;¦ Prince and Princess of
Wales. : the Duke and ; Duchess ; of York
and the other members of the royal fam
ily.-The Prince of "Wales had been absent
during the day, owing to the sale of the
late Duke "of race horses
at Klngsclere.ibut the Princes had come
in for a~ large share of the ovations.
PRICE FITE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII — NO. 99.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH! 9, ,1900.
The San Francisco CallTo Cure a Cold In One Bay
Take Laxative Ilrcmo Quinine Tablets. All
druKriets refund the money If It fails to cure.
E. \V. Grove's t't nature !e on each box. 29c.
New Board of Trade.
" PETALUMA, I ; March : B.— To-night a
Board : of. Trade was permanently ¦ organ
ized In this city, with a membership of 200.
The citizens are . very * enthusiastic s over
the organization "and 'promise to make
every effort to promote it.
REVOLT AGAINST THE
DOMINICAN GOVERNMENT
Pepin, Former Governor of Santo de
Los Cabellos, Is the Leader of
the Uprising.
SANTO DOMINGO. March B— The Gov
ernment has apparently discovered that a
political movement in opposition to U is
in progress. .- Pepin.' the "former Governor
of Santo de'los Cabellos, ¦ has' revolted
against the Government,- and; Government
troops have been sent against him. A *lat<»
of siege has been declared and constitu
tional guarantees have been extended in
the southwest part of the island. - Several
arrests have been made, and : changes . hi
the Cabinet may take place soon. This
city is quiet. - .
The voting disclosed that the majority
was united in the general plan of revising
the bill. . :
By a vote of 10 to 3 the bill was finally
ordered - reported and Representative
Grosvenor, chairman of the ¦ committee,
was authorized to Bubmit the report.
Grosvenor summed up the results by say-
Ing the committee - had agreed to the
amendments In the Senate bill and also
to a few other new amendments. On the
final vote all the Republican members
.favored the bill as amended' and all the
Democrats opposed it except Chandler,
who did not vote. Stevens' anti-trust
amendments were agreed to. As summed
up -by him , they are . as , follows : ¦ .
That any vessel or owner of a vessel enter
ing a ¦ trust to increase I the price of export
f reieht ' or in restraint ; of ¦ export . trade ' shall
cense to draw compensation under this bill.- I
That any. combination or. conspiracy of ship
yards engaged in building vessels for compen
sation under this act . is declared Illegal, and
upon ¦ proof -of combination ¦.¦ or : conspiracy -of
ship yards, having; a, capacity of .one-third -of
the tonnage of the United States the Secretary,
of the Treasury is authorized to admit foreign
vessels to take the place of new vessels 'con
structed Under this act," except that, such new,
vessels shall not enter . the coastwise or lake
trade.: ¦¦-.¦¦¦¦¦ -...-.. -. . . . . ....
Another amendment agreed. to which is
not in the Senate bill reduces the bounty
5 per cent annually after ten yeara.
JOB HARRIMAN.
EUGENE V. DEBS.
general in August, 1862, and served as
stii.n.
In November, 1862. he was elected a
member of Congress, his term commenc
ing March 4. 1863. He served In the army
until . December 5, 1863, when he entered
Congress still holding the commission,
but. as a matter of fact, he had filed his
resignation . with the Secretary of War
and President Lincoln, with the distinct
understanding that he might at any time
during the session, at his own pleasure,
withdraw his resignation and return* to
the field. He therefore sat as a member
of Congress, still holding a commission
as major general. General Schenck him
self admitted and President Lincoln In a
letter ' to the House of Representatives
said that such were the facts, and that
a similar plan was- made- with General
Blair, also a member of Congress. The
Thirty-eighth Congress held that In this
case General Schenck waus entitled to his
seat. -A great deal depends upon the date
of acceptance of General Wheeler's resig
nation, he having said himself that it was
tendered to the War Department on the
2Sch of November, 1899; two weeks before
the assembling, of Congress. The ., fact
that Representative Bailey was the leader
of the opposition to General Wheeler's
retaining his seat In the Fifty-fifth Con
gress makes his probable action . at . this
time of much interest. ; .-_
Suicide at Napa.
NAPA. March B.— Fred Hast!.- a patient
at the State Hospital, committed suicide
this morning by hanging. He was a na
tive of Switzerland and 20 years of age.
WANT MINING LANDS
CLEARLY DEFINED
Resolutions Adopted by the South
west Miners' Association .in Con
vention at Los Angeles.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March B.— During . the I
session of the Southwest Miners' 'Associa- ]
tion that has been in convention' ln this
city with sixty delegates representing Ne
vada .Arizona. New Mexico and Southern
California mining districts resolutions
were adopted demanding that the general
Government complete the topographical
surveys of the public domain. •
, This action Is In the form of a memorial
that will be presented to Congress; and
recites that boundaries are unknown and
that many of the mining districts are so
Indefinite that scores of claims remain
unpa tented owing- to a lr.ck of proper base
lines., In order t« aid in this movement
resolutions were adopted asking the Gov
ernors or the States represented by'dele
gates to call this matter to the attention
of their respective Legislatures when next
they meet in session, and that they re
quest thaL needed legislation be enacted
to encompass the result desired; - .- •/ .-
These memorials will be signed by the
hundreds of miners In the various mining
districts and laterwlll be forwarded to
Washington. Appeals to aid this move
ment also will be made to the Congres
sional delegation .from each State ana Ter
ritory within the Jurisdiction of the South
west Miners', Association.
SMALLPOX RAVAGES
MISSISSIPPI TOWNS
Deaths So Frequent That Coffins Have
to Be Improvised Out of Dry
goods Boxes.
MOBILE, Ala.. March B.— Black "small
pox has gained terrible headway in sev
eral towns of Hinds County, Mississippi.
The . Legislature -to-night gave carte
blanche to the Board of Health to use the
State's money to try to stop the spread
of the' disease. Whole, families have
been stricken. .and so' fast have victims
died .in the past week .that bodies have
been allowed to remain In houses torty
eight hours. " The supply ;of coffins at
Joneßville. Miss., has run out and 'many
victims of the disease- have been burled
In coffins made of dry goods boxes: and
barrels pieced together. ?-Whites, -Whites as well
as blacks are . numbered among : the vic
tims. ¦¦ - • .•¦¦• . ' . ; .-
• f ? ? + ? ? ? ? » ? ? ? + ? ? ? ? » f M ? ?»
+. ' At this season of the year X
every one is anxious to know T
¦f^ what ' Dame ! Fashion has de- - >
+ creed .;. as : ,"Jußt ; the proper ¦?
. thing for spring wear"— next +
+ Sunday's Call will tell you all T
¦4- about lt^ and . willj' present pho-_ ¦ ¦ +
'\ tographs that can ; be i depend- ',^+]
-," ed upon as absolutely correct. +
EARLY ABOLISHMENT
OF RAILWAY AGENCIES
Soon All but the Southern Pacific and
Sante Fe Will Close in San
Francisco.
Fr>«-la! r>!!=r«trh tr. The <a
CHICAGO. March 8— "Abolition of
ticket commissions Is but one of the
economic measures planned by the leading
railway managers." said the vice presi
dent of one of the big Western roads to
day. "The next step will be toward aboli
tion of individual railway agencies out
side of the territory of the lines maintain
ing them. Within sixty days the only
railroad agencies in California will be
those of the Southern Pacific and Santa
Fe Officials of those roads will under
take to distribute tijuitably among the
connecting lines all eastbound business
from Pacific Coa«=t points. Kvery West
«rn line of importance and a number of
Kastern Mnes maintain agencies at San
Francisco. The expense r>f maintaining
them amounts to n larire sum.
"The next place where the experiment of
closlne Individual agencies will be tried
will be in New England territory. After
ward the agoncle? in what Is known as
the Kastern trunk line territory between
the Atlantic Coast and Buffalo. Pittsburg
nnd Wheeling will be closed by the man
agers of th" Western roads. It is the
nrptf-jt plan to establish ioint atreneies
of all Western r^arts In cities 'Ike Boston,
New V<~.rk and Philadelphia. Th*w agen
clos will be under the management of the
Eastern lines."
GAMBLERS DEFEATED
IN FIRST LEGAL BATTLE
Judge Anderson Overrules Demurrer
to Complaint Against
Frank Daroux.
Frx--Inl r>>r«.?rh tn Th»> Call
SACRAMENTO. Mnrch S.— The pool
rooms suffered defeat In the Justice's
Court this afternoon, when Judge W. A.
Andrr»on overruled the demurrer to the
complaint lodged against Frank Daroux,
and the case will be trl»d next Saturday
morning under' the new anti-poolroom or
dinanceß. •; . ¦-•
To-night four additional complaints
were lodped against Frank Daroux. as
well as Harry Ketchum. who Is alleged
to havo acted in receiving bets In a secret
apartment of the poolrooms. Corporation
Counsel Hiram Johnson assured The Call
correspondent tn-nitrht that th.> light
against the poolrooms would be »-elent
]*-siOy prosecuted. As it Is. the business
practically has been crushed, owing to
the vigorous policy of the authorities.
Took Lady Broome's Horse.
Sptl«l Ehfp«t ch *° Th ' Call
SANTA BARBARA. March B.— Lady
Frances Broome who has figured so con
6pietiou6ly in the courts here of late and
who has continually tried to evade the law
In various ways, lost her horse and buggy
under a writ of execution this afternoon,
ghe wan buying goods In a store when
Constable Hopkins levied the execution.
She refused to listen to him and he lm
ro«-dlately untied the horse and drove
away. The cause of this was the refusal
of the lady to pay Court Reporter. L. J.
Glrvln $31 for a copy of \he testimony in
the case against her for'resisting an of
ficer.
ARCHBISHOP HENNESSY
LAID TO FINAL REST
In Accordance With the Late Priest's
Request No Extensive Ceremony
Marks the Occasion.
DUBUQUE. la.. March B.j-In a vanl: be
side the remains of his predecessors, Buh
ops Loras and Smith, lie the remain* of
John Hennessy. first Archbisbjap of Du
buque. The obsequies occurred at 10
o'clock this morning and were of the sim
plest, character. There .were no flowers
and no ornaments whatever. There wa3
also an entire absence of music, only th«
voices of hundreds of priests being heard
In the "Gregorian Chant." Thla was In
accordance with the dead prelate's wish.
¦ The ceremonies began at 7 o'clock, when
Cardinal Gibbons and each of the Art.-h
bishops celebrated requiem mass. At S
o'clock the seminarians of St. Joseph's Col
lege viewed the body.
Court adjourned and many manufactur
ing institutions and business houses -were
closed. . i.-v.
CANDIDATES RENOMINATED.
James A. Hemenway and James E.
- Watson Named for Congress.
EVANSVILLE, Ind., March B.— The R*
publicans of the First District at Rock
port to-day by acclamation renominated
James A. Hemenway for Congress. Reso
lutions gave unequivocal Indorsement to
President McKinley's administration. '
RICHMOND. Ind.. March B.— The Re
publican Congressional Convention of th«
Sixth District to-day renominated Repre
sentative James E. Watson by acclama
tion.
DEADLY FEUD
MAY BREAK OUT
IN ARIZONA
Fears That Sheepmen and
Cattlemen Will Renew
Hostilities.
Arms and Ammunition Have Been
Shipped Into the Country Itad
a Violent Outbreak Is Mo
mentarily Expected.
PRESCOTT, Arix., March B.— Parties
who arrived in Prescott to-day from the
Tonto basin country state that another
war Is threatened there similar to that of
1887 and ISBB. when forty people were
killed in what waa: known as the Tewks
bury-Graham feud.
While not over half a dozen men of
those engaged In the former feud are alive
to-day, the causes which brought It about
still exist, and new men seem willing to
fight on the same old lines.
The trouble Is between the cattlemen
and the sheepmen. Large herds of sheep
from Northern Arizona are driven south
for the winter, returning to their, northern
grazing grounds again in the spring, and
one of the favorite routes Is vla^Tonto
basin, which Is usually well watered and
abounds In good grass. The drouth of
the past year has caused a shortage of
both water and grass, and the cattlemen
have served notice on the sheepmen that
on account of these conditions nicy would
not be permitted to return north by this
route this spring. The latter sent back
word that they were going through Tonto
basin If they had to fight their way.
The advance guard of the returning
flocks was met by the cattlemen ami
turned back and scattered. Several cases
of arms and ammunition are known to
have been shipped into that section re
cently. Open threats have also been made
by the interested parties to shoot each
other on sight.
GENERAL WHEELER
WILL CLAIM HIS SEAT
Notifies His- Colleagues That . He
Will Be at, the Capital Next
Wednesday." ...
Special Dispatch to The Call. •"¦¦ "... ..
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON/ March 8.
—General Joseph Wheeler, has notified his
colleagues that he will be.a t the. Capitol
Wednesday next to claim'* his seat '¦¦ as a
member of Congress. The notice van dis
cussed by all members to-day. ' : ';h:-.
-. Representative Bailey * when, approached
to-day'.ln reference to the caße, said: "I
do not desire to say a' great deal at this
time. There has been altogretfter too
much said- on. the matter, butl/:\vHl say
that If General Wheeler, resigned his comr
mission . before. Congress met or. .-if.. it is
shown 'that his 'case is similar 'to ¦ the
Schenk cAse." decided in the. House during
the Thlrty-elKhth - Congress, -I, ..do ,¦ . not
think there will be any opposition, to his
being seated, .otherwise I will-oppose his
right. Of course, I speak simply for my
self and not; for; other, numbers. ".:"•'/*-; •
The case mentioned, wUlch'was-ctted in
the House during the Flftyrifth Congress
In the former case of .GenexsUv.WheeleVs
and which- Is of. importance 1 as; a.prece
dent, originated in the Thirty-eighth Con
gress. - General Schenk was appointed
brigadier general in May, 1861, and. major
LITTLE HOPE
FOR RECOVERY
OF MRS . WELCOX
Her Brutal Husband Has
Not Yet Been
L Captured.
Friends of the Man Say That He Has
Lately Shown Indications of
the Approach of In
sanity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEALDSBURG, March B.— George F.
WIlcox; who beat his' wife on the head
with a hatchet and then shot her through
the mouth at Lytton Springs, on Wed
nesday-afternoon, is still at large. The
wife is lying at the point of death at the
home of her brother, Cad Price. Both
the surgeon. Dr. Browne of Healdsburg,
and the nurse, Mrs. Bailey. of the Lytton
Springs Sanitarium, entertain . grave
doubts as .to her recovery.
. The moßt serious wound Is Immediately
behind the left ear. It has caused a con
cussion of the brain. A second wound is
at the angle of the right Jaw and an
other Is over the left eye. The doctor
says the wounds must have been Inflicted
by a blunt instrument, as a hatchet, but
the Sheriff thinks a club was wielded by
the maddened husband. . • .
A Call correspondent visited the home
of Cad Price, a sister of the wounded wo
man. The woman was lying in the room
in .which she was found and was In the
same state in which she had lain Bince
wounded. Dr. Browne asserts that the
crisis will come during the next twenty
four hours.
Wilcox and his wife have been mar
ried for fifteen. years. Until recently they
lived together apparently happily. Lately
they separated. It is thought that insan
ity prompted Wilcox to commit- the brutal
crime. Close friends say that he has ex
hibited signs of failing mind.
The officerß think that Wilcox took the
south-bound train at 3 o'clock, and his
description has been freely telegraphed
abroad. Sheriff Grace and Constable
Ingels are tireless In their efforts to cap
ture the man. '
J. O'BRIEN & CO.
1146 Market Street,
Bet Mason and Taylor.
LARGEST CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE IN
SAN FRANCISCO. .:
"NOT A KNOT IN MY TAIL, THANK YOU."
—Philadelphia Record.
REFINERY AND
SMELTER FOR
BULLY HILL
At Present Copper Must Be
Shipped East to Be
Refined
New Plant Will Benefit the Whole
of Shasta County and Bedding
and Copper City in Par
ticular.
REDDING. March S.— A refinery and ¦a
Fmelter are to be pstablished In the vicin
ity of the Bully Hill mine, recently rac
quired by Captain J. R. Delamar. Tho
ftatement was given out to-day by Hart
wig A. Cohen, financial representative of
Mr. Dflamar. Work will be commerced
•within ten days. The Bully Hill mire is
lorated near Copper City, twenty- two
miles northrapt of Redding. It wa3 re
rfruly purchased by Delamar from James
Eallee for J2T.0.000.
It had been believed that a Smelter
¦would be etecteJ at the property, but th^
thoupht of a refinery had not entered th*
public mir.d. The refinery will be the/u;ly
one In California. It will provide fo" the
turning out of cepper bullion. The product
of the Keswlck smelter, known as matte.
is shipped across the continent to New
Jersey to be refined. Mr. Cohen says his
company enpares In no other business
than mining. It dors not conduct board
irp-houses. stores or other establishment,
leaving those pursuits to the residents j!
the county.
The company will erect schoolhouses
for the benefit of the families of em
p'.nves. The eptabllphnv-nt of a smelter
snd a refinery means murh to Sliasti
County in peneral and Reddinp and fop.
per City in particular. For the present fit
least ReflrllnK will be a railroad station Tor
the Delamar mine. All materials anO ma
chinery will be hauled from here by train.
The operations of the company at Copper
City will undoubtedly occasion the rise of
a town there of about 3000 Inhabitant, as
it has at Delamar. Nev.; Delamar, Idaho,
and Mercur. Vtah.
ioo LADIES* TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in
black and colored; new styles, former tn
price $is— marked down to. OliuU
• -¦ .". ._
fi LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in
black and colored, new styles, former Olft HH
price $20— marked down t0.......... 01 Ui UU
75 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in
black and colored, new styles, former OjC ftn
price $xo — marked down t0. ......... 01 Ji UU
EXPLAINS THE
POSITION OF
THE PRESIDENT
Statement Given Out With
Reference to the Porto
Rican Bill.
Dogma That the Constitution Carries
With It Free Trade to the Isl
ands Controverted by Re
publican Tenets.
WASHINGTON. March B.— A member
of the Cabinet to-night pave out an au
thoritative statement. In which It is said:
There has been a wide misapprehension of the
P<rto Rican tariff bill, of the attitude of the
President, of the action of Congress and of
their relatior.s~Ho each other. The criticism
which has come from some quarters is due
almotii entirely to a misunderstanding of the
real facts. The attempt to represent that there
has l.een a disagreement between the President
and Congress is wholly unfounded. The Presi
dent In hit annual message of December 4
urged that the customs duties on trade between
Porto Rico and the United States be removed.
Porto Rlro. severed from Ppnin. had lost her
old markets and had palnM none In their
places Humanity dictated every effort to lift
her up and to give her a new market. f This
was the President's plan, and what need of
such a plea if the constitution of itself carried
free trade to Porto Rico? In that case free,
trade goes u> her. whether or not. Had the
President's suggestion been adopted all would
have been well. But when the time came for
action In Congress two tendencies were seen.
On the one hand there were good men and
some business and agricultural interests that,
while not objecting, or little objecting, to free
trade with Porto Rico alone, feared that free
trade with Porto Rico would be made a prece
dent for free trade with the Philippines. They
felt there should be a distinct assertion and
exercise of the power to Impose duties, how
ever small, as an assurance that this power
was reserved for other cases.
Scheme of Politicians.
On the other hand, what the President pro
posed as a worthy act of national generosity
and liberal policy was seized by political oppo
nents and claimed as a necessary and Inevitable
measure of inherent constitutional right. They
Insisted that the constitution, by its own force,
extends to Porto Rico and all .the new island
possessions and spreads all its provisions over
them, including uniform taxation. They sought
to hind the Republican party to this policy.
It was a cunnlns game, but if did not *uc
c**"d. The apprehension of the honest obiectorn
who feared that the concession of full free
trade with "Porto Rico would lead to mistakes
and the designs of the exaftv partisans who
meant that It should, were both met and frus
trated by the bill which paused the House and
which levied 13 per cent, or less . than one
sixth of the- Dlngley rates. : • ..•....¦ -¦•• ¦
There was another point which was not gen
erally understood. The bill provides that the
whole amount of duties on goods coming from
Porto Rice shall be paid hack to Porto Rico
for the benefit of the island. Thus It fully
harmonizes with the object at which the.
President aimed and absolut»ly no ground Is
left for nny pretense that the policy of the
President and Con*rre«s was In the slightest
degree harsh and oppressive. •
But One Real Issue.
Nc one can understandlnrly object to the 15
per cent duty, all paid back to Porto Rico,
on the rround that It Is unfair and hard
toward Porto Rico. He can understandlncrly
object on the claim that there Is no power to
levy any duty at all and such a claim would
loave the President and Congress powerless
and helpless in the Philippines as well as In
Between a 15 per cent duty as provided by
the Congressional bill, every cent of which is
to be return*^! to Porto Rico, and the removal
rf customs duties as suggested by the Presi
dent for humanity's sake, there Is absolutely
no difference whatever In practical results'.
Hut between a 15 per cent duty and free trade
ns a constitutional right going necessarily and
instantly wherever new land may be acquired,
there Is t*ii» worldwide difference between I re
serving full dlscretlonarv power to deal with
new possessions as their varying interests
nnd ours may require nnd leaving no discre
tionary power In Congress whatever. And tht«
Is the real Issue which hnn b»en forced. by the
attitude of the mlnorltv in Congress.
As for the welfare: r>f the new peoples who
have come under our flair we should leave our
selves free to deal with each case as Its own
merits demand. The claim which leslsts that
free trade iroes »>v legal right to Porto Rico
wrwld liln.l us hand And foot.
The partisans who sought to put the Presi
dent and Congress In a hole will find that they
have take a position which would estop them
from carrying out the policy they have pro
posed for the disposition .of the Philippines.
It Is enough for the present to «iy that our
contention that the constitution does not by
Its own force extend over the new posjesslona
without legislative action Is in harmony with
the general tenor of judicial decision and legis
lative action from the acquisition of Louisiana.
d«n to this time.
The Republican party had Its birth In an
lesue very like that which h.now presented.
The Palhoun doctrine van that the constitu
tion V>y Its own force carried slavery Into the
territories of the United States. The Repub
lican party sprang- Into tx-lng from the upris
ing of the public conscience against this doc
trine.
The political helm of thns« who put forward
the dnrma that the constitution of Its own
forr* carried slavery Into the territories of the
I'nltr'rt Plate* now maintain the dogma that
the constitution of Its own force can-leu free
trad" oven Into the new island territory of
the United States without legislative Action.
It is an Interesting circumstance that In this
new epoch of our history the Republican party
1« again battling for a principle kindred to
that which Rave tt birth. .
FRIDAY = ¦ March 9, 1900,
J. O'BRIEN & CO.
Will commence the Mosf Extraordinary Sale
111 of LADIES' :TAILCIR-MADE SUITS
- ever held in this city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FHIDAY, MARCH 9, 1900.
ZjU MIS. purchase. JjU MlliS.
SUBSIDY BILL
IS ORDERED TO
BE REPORTED
Committees of the House
." and Senate Are in
';, Accord.
Stevens' Amendments Providing
Against Owners Uniting in a
Trust to Raise Freight
' - - Rates Adopted.
WASHINGTON. March B.— The House
Committee on Merchant Marine and
Fisheries held an extended session to-day
with a view to completing the ' shipping
subsidy bill which has been under consid
eration for some time. The bill -as orig
inally introduced served as a basis for
action, a number of amendments being
made along the lines of substitute
measure proposed by Representative Miner
of "W'isconsfn and some of his Republican'
associates. These amendments have been
incorporated, in the main,- in the Senate
.bill, so that the action of the House Com
"mittee brings the 'two. Houses In virtual
agreement on the form of the measure.
-LEST WE FORGET."
—Philadelphia Record.
SNIDER SUES
BUCKINGHAM
FOR LIBEL
Outcome of the Sacramento
Fight Against Pool
' sellers. •
Statement Said' to Have Been Made
That the Complainant Would
Vote For. and Sign ' An- ( .
' '..'; "thing.
Special pispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND.' March B.— The poolroom
agitation at Washington is likely' to result
In some sensational developments.
Supervisor T. C. Snider appeared before
Judge Rug-gles this afternoon, and swore
to a complaint against R. H. Buckingham
of Washington, charging that on or about
the sth of March. 1900, the said Bucking
ham willfully, maliciously and unlawfully
committed the. crime of criminal llbei, as
follows, to. wit: , y '
The said._ R. ,H. .Buckingham did. then
arid there, at a public gathering of many
people, utter, publish and cause to be pub
lished, and did declare and publish of nnd
concerning one T. C. Snider the following
false, malicious, defamatory and unlawful
words: "I am not sure that Snider signe-1
the petition, but I am convinced that that
official has signed some document tl::« t
was presented to him by Ed Krlpp and the
latter's lieutenant. Duffy; that a man as
crooked as Snider Is would vote for and
sign almost anything." ¦ • - -
The complaint further alleges that the
paid T. C. Snider was at the time of th«
utterance 'and publication' of the • said
Buckingham, aforesaid, a member of the
Board of Supervisors of Yolo County; ami
the said Buckingham, there and then, re
ferred to certain petitions that were then
being circulated In the town of Washing
ton for and against the licensing of pool
selling in Yolo County: and the said Buck
ingham, there and then, by said utter
ances above set out did charge, and did in
tend to charge, the said Snider with being
dishonest and corrupt, and that he would
corruptly vote on said petition If. the same
were ever presented to the Board of Su
pervisors of salo. Yolo County: and the
said Buckingham, then and there, well
knew the said utterances to be malicious
and false.
Judge Ruggles promptly Issued a war
rant of arrest ard put It in the hands of
the Sheriff.
ADVEB.TASEMENT&
"Keith's" opening to-day. Extra .fine
windows. V*.
HI .
This is the latest arrival in our furnishings department —
French percale shirt with open front and bick, short bosom
and two pairs of round-cornered cuffs rrade in the best
manner, and, what's more, made to fit—full size in each
instance. - ' "fl V
Very latest of designs— dots and stripes in white, blue,
pink; heliotrope, purple and lavender— all swell colors.
Colored shirts for every-day wear are the proper thing —
they look well and save laundry bills. ; By the way, our
shirts stand the hard usage of a laundry. ;
."'-.- "¦¦;¦¦• - ¦ ' / "
I * *¦ • - '"'*^flP^CTv**Ssii&*^m
• Out-of-town orders filled— write for illustrated catalogue No, 2. I
If ' - , ¦ y ' mi '*<"'¦ ¦ I
11. ' 71S Market Street. * : I
DEBS AND HARRIMAN MAY HEAD
THE SOCIAL DEMOCRATIC TICKET
INDIANAPOLIS, March B.— The Social Democratic National Convention held a
stormy session this afternoon and this evening: At. the morning: session tho
committee from the Social Labor party and the sub-committee from the con
vention reported ln^favor of amalgamation of the two parties. The two com
mittees locked horns on a name for the united party. The name Social Demo
crat was finally chosen. : '
Then came the question of a ticket. E.:V. Debs waß placed in nomination, but
he arose and said that under no circumstances would he be a candidate.' Ho said
that he had private reasons for declining. Mr. Stedman of Illinois named Fred O.
McCarthy of Massachusetts for President, and Representative Carey of Massachu
setts nominated Job Harriman of California for President and Max Hayeaof
Cleveland for Vice President. • Mr. Harriman declined,' and in the confusion that
followed the convention was adjourned. • • ,
Efforts are being made to get Mr. Debs and Harriman to run for President
and Vice President. It Is thought Dobs will yield. .
2j-^kRSTORIA, March 6, via Lourenzo Marques, March 8 —It is offi
\^ ciaily stated here that on Sunday last there was heavy fight
ing at Dordrecht, that the British were repulsed with great
loss and that the Federals captured three cannon.
- 4>-"nu«d oa Fourth Put
| For Weak, Nervous Men
I ELECTRICITY IS THE GREATEST BOON TO MEN WHOSE ENERGY HAS BEEN WASTED. |
I Men, if you are suffering from the effects of dissipation, exposure -^^^^ §
y or excessive mental or physical labor, you will find in my Electric
? Belt the dawn of a new life. It will , bring to you that happy, joyous %0 VmVl ¦**
5 disposition which- is the evidence of inward vitality, strength arid ' !^^?5P' k "^o^ $
I DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT ,j |
£ Is the grandest remedy of the age tor building up wrecked humanity. *^^^^^^?
{ It fills the exhausted nerves and organs with the fire of life. If you i
5 will use it while you sleep for two or three months it will restore j^^^S^^^^^^- ft
i youthful vigor to every organ of the body. It is the only electrical M
5 body appliance in the world to-day that will infuse the life force into 8
p the weakened parts Without burning or blistering. All electrodes are " '¦•¦- • • 8
$ supplied with anti.-eptic felt covers, which prevent this. trademark. 8
3 If you are troubled with such complaints as Rheum.itism, Lumbago, Sciitica, Neuralgia, Nervous- $
* ness, Varicocele. etc.; drop in my rffke and ex. mine the 8.-its, or if living at a distance write for ¦¦¦ »
free book, •'THREE 'CLASSES OF MEN," which explains all. Consultation and advice free. §
Office hours 9 6; Sundays io.to i. ; re
\ NEVER SOLD lIV DRUGSTORES. !?
DR. T. A. SANDEN, .« o'fahrell street, 1
lIOK SOUTH SPPI.NQ STREBT. LOS ANOELES, CAL. ? RUSSEL BUILDING, PORTLAND, OR., .ig
deliverance of the olden time is the same
God now."
The speech of the venerable President
brought tears to the eyes of men and
women alike. The Free State's Volkluad
(national anthem) was then sung. The
visit of President Kruger has done much
good and has cheered the despondents.
President Kruger more recently has been
visiting the commandos south of Bloem
fontein.
Fighting is proceeding at Mafeking. All
the outside forts except one have been
taken by the.Boere.
Much satisfaction is expressed at the
courtesies extended to General Cronje by
the British.
Secretary of State Reltz has Issued war
bulletins, in which, after saying the Gov
ernment has no official tidings of the sur
render of General Cronje, but must accept
it as a fact, however painful, he adds:
"The Government' remains assured that
the surrender will not discourage the
burghers in their defense of their inde
pendence and standing as a nation. The
struggle thus far has shown that the re
publics have vindicated themselves as an
independent people. This reverse will not
stagger us. In the struggle for our cher
ished rights our belief remains that what
even happens, the Lord still reigns.'
"Owing to the invasion of the Free State
by a large force of the enemy and other
circumstances, it becomes necessary to
take up other positions; hence the-burgh
ers in Natal have retired to Blggersberg.
All the commandos' have reached there
safely, except a few who retired In the
direction of Van Reenans Pass. Thus
Ladysmith and Kimberley are no more
besieged. In retiring the enemy was time
after time driven back, so that our
laagers were not cut off. In these fights
a few men were killed or wounded and
enemy lost heavily. ,
"In spite of all reports, the spirit of the
Bethulie, so that at any moment we may
hear of his reaching the latter place or
the bridge over Orange River, just south
of it. This bridge has certainly been de
stroyed and will have to be replaced.
The fate of Mafeking seems trembling
in the balance. Those who hope for the
best must be beginning to lose heart now.
If the Boers Insist on continuing the siege
the place will probably fall before it can
be relieved. If Mafeklng falls, the Boers
will get a prize that will please them, for
among Baden-Powell's officers are Lord
Cecil, son of the Prime Minister, and Lord
Charles Cavendish-Bentinck, brother of
the Duke of Portland and a great-grand
son of King William IV.
KRUGER CHEERS
THE SPIRITS OF
THE BURGHERS
Dec ares God Will Deliver the
Transvaal From t.e Hand
of the Oppressor.
PRETORIA. March B.— A- special dis
patch from Bloemfontein says that Presi
dent Kruger, addressing a crowd of peo
ple, said: . .
"Although God is testing our people, my
personal opinion is that the limit of the
test is nearly reached. If the peopie are
sustained by faith in the time of adver
sity God will soon again turn the tide in
our favor. If we have strong faith in
God he will surely deliver us. The God of
LONDON. March 9.-Lord Roberts'
turning movement yesterday effect
ually dislodged the Boers from their
position, but they eucceeded in mak
ing good their escape. They were
not surrounded. They took alarm too
soon for the British cavalry, which, ex
hausted by the wide sweep necessary to
turn the Boer works, could not cut them
off or bring them to action. They are said
to be gathering at Abrahams Kraal,
¦.bout thirty miles from Poplar Grove and
c.bout the same distance from Bloemfon
fcefn.
With the great number of men, horses
and oxen that move with headquarters,
¦»ater In large quantities Is a necessity.
.Therefore, Roberts' advance is likely to be
either by Modder River or Kaal Spruit.
From General Buller no news has been
received, but we hear Indirectly of some
x>t his doings and of those of the com
mandos opposed to him through bulletins
Issued at Pretoria on Monday. The relief
of Ladysmlth Is alluded to airily as "other
circumstances which obliged the Bo«r
army to take up different positions." The
bulk of their commandos are reported to
have retired to Biggersford Range, where
In epite of Sir Redvers' report as to the
practical clearance of Natal, they prob
ably still are, while 'a few retired in the
direction of Van Reenans Pass.
If Boer reports can be accepted, Big
f;ersberg will be strongly held for a time,
while Van Reenans Pass has been practi
cally abandoned. The movement of Butl
er's troops, as far a» can be learned from
British sources, supports this view.
As expected. General Gatacre has ex
perienced no opposition and ha? been able
to occupy Burghersdorp Junction, where
the railway line into the Free State by
•ray of Bethulie and Springf ontein meets
the Aliwal North branch. There are no
frood positions between Burghersdorf and
AT THE BOMBARDMENT OF LADYSMITt
"Now then, sisters, do get in, please."
• - . «
COLONEL DICK-CUNTNGHAM. WHO WAS KILLED IN THE FIGHT AT WAGON HILL ON JANUARY 6, IS PER-<
6UADING THE SISTERS WHO HAD NURSED HIM AFTER HIS WOUND AT ELANDJLAAGTE TO TAKE REF- <
UGE IN THEIR CONVENT CELLAP. WHEN THE SHELL FIRE WAS GROWING TOO SEVERE.— From the London ,
Illustrated News. • . ¦ <
Abandon Their Trenches and Fall Back Before
the Exhausted British Cavalry Is Enabled
l(J UUI V-/11 1 IltJli XTt^LI C/Cll.
BOERS ESCAPE THE TRAP
SET BY LORD ROBERTS
fighting men as to the outcome remains
unchanged. Among the commandos In
Natal the burghers are full of courage." ¦
General Dewet now' commands all the
commandos at the Modder River. The
President started yesterday evening . for
Bloemf ontein to visit the laager of the
Free State. It is understood : President
Kruger's visit to Bloemf ontein wu to try
to arrange a compromise of the differ
ences between the Transvaalers and Free
Staters. ¦ ¦' _¦ ¦ :~: ~-
SAD PLIGHT OF
THE GARRISON
OF MAFEKING
Typhoid Malaria Has Broke
Out in he Women's
Laager. ;.
MAFEKING, Feb. W.— What may. be
typhoid malaria has broken out in the
women's laager, and dysentery, due to the
absence of vegetables, 'is rife among the
garrison. We are thrown, upon our own
resources. Such luxuries as we had are
exhausted or have been commandeered
for the hospitals, which are fllled to
overflowing. The children's graveyard,
close to the women's laager, grows week
ly as the young llvea are cut short pre
maturely by shell and fever. We look
with hope deferred for relief.
The cheerfulness which was character
istic of the early days of the siege has
almost deserted us, the men preferring to
remain at their posts rather, than move
about and v,-ork up an appetite which
cannot be sat'sfied. The natives are in
the worst plight. Those who are unable
to obtain work ar» allowed a small hand
ful of meal dally. Many; braving the dan
ger, wander about the town with gaunt
and hungry facs In search of work,
which entitles them to an extra ration of
meal. If they find work I they are gener
ally too weak to perform it. • : . •'
From their advanced posts the Boers
rake the streets and market square. ' It is
impossible to dodge their bullets. We
have taken remnrknble precaution, how
ever, and the casualties, though heavy,
are not what they might have been had
les3 able men been at the head of affairs.
Even the headquarters mess fares scant
ily. Like saints under the altar we cry,
"How long, O Lord, how lonpr?"
Two hundred and ninety-two persons
have been killed, wounded or died of dis
ease. The jrarrlson is so small that it
would be criminal to make its weakness
public, but there Is never so much as a
whisper. If any one sueßested the possi
bility of surrender it is because we do not
mean to get beaten, and we are cheerfully
enduring the hardships of to-day rather
than* to make surrender in any
possible to-morrow.
«
NORVALS PONT
NOW OCCUPIED
BY CLEMENTS
Lord Roberts Repor's the Cap
ture of a Krupp Gun, Tents i
and Wagons
LONDON. March B.— Lord Roberts tele
graphs he has captured a Krupp gun and
a number of tents and' wagons. He also
announces that General Clements has oc
cupied Norvals. Pont. The following is the
text of Lord .Roberts' dispatch:
"POPLAR GROVE. March B.— Two bri
pades of cavalry, with horse artillery anl
Kelly-Kenny's division, marched to-day
ten miles eastward.
"The Boers were quite taken by surprise
yesterday. They moved oft* so hurriedly
that they left cooked dinners behind. ,Wo
captured a Krupp gun and several tfnts
and wagons. The total casualties were:
"Killed— Lieutenants Keswick and Frlos
llck. .
"Wounded— Lieutenants Bailey of . the
Twelfth Lancers and De Crlspigney of th<?
Second Life Guards, both severely, and
Lieutenant Smith of the Shropshlres, wl«o
is believed to have been picked up by a
Boer ambulance. Two men , were killed;
forty-six were wounded and one man \a
missing.
"Gatacre reports he Intends occupying
Burghersdorp to-day. Repairs to the rail
roads toward both Stormberg and Leyna
berg are being pushed. Clements now oc
cupies Norvals Pont, on the south bank of
the Orange River. The bridge was blown
up March 6 and the enemy is holding the
north bank of the river, but not, it is be
lieved, in, any great strength."
The fufl extent of Roberts' success yes
terday is not clear, but the best Informed
appear satisfied that it brings peace per
ceptibly nearer. The experts expect that
the burghers will make no further itand
west of the Free State capital, and some
of them even deduce from the fact that
the Boer forces are divided and have re
treated in different directions that demor
alization has set in, and the Transvaal
forces will next be found carefully in
trenched in positions north of the Vaal
River, where the bulk of the Free
Stater* will abandon the contest and sue
for peace. Elsewhere the news indicates
that the conditions continue hopeful from
a British point of < view, the telegrams
from Mafeking alone showing any de
spondence. : ¦•_'¦¦ ¦% '.Il;.7«>>JY:. 1 l;.7«>>JY :
GENERAL FRENCH STILL
PURSUING THE BOERS
OSFONTETN, March B.— Lord
movements to-day again, thoroughly Bur
prised, outwitted and outmaneuvered the
Boers, who fled almost without firing.; The
plan of battle was as follows: General
Colville's division, extending along the
north bank; General Tucker held the cen
ter reserve and the Guards Brigade had
the center advanced; : General Kelly-Ken
ny's division was ordered to make a huge
flanking/movement on the Boers' left, fol
lowing General French, who was instruct
ed to move southeast until opposite the
Boer flank ' and then to swing around l the
rear. ¦'¦'- '.. ¦ ; ' ' ¦ ; •' \ ' ¦' .
. Every movement was admirably exe
cuted and : entirely successful. . The Boers
were ' surprised , as • was evident , from the
state of the deserted camps. Twice the
British cavalry was , almost in a position
to charge," but they, admit , that they were
foiled by the maneuverlngs of the Boers.
: When last ; seen ; General was
pursuing the' eneinyrvlKorouslyX He was
between ' them and -Bloemf onteln.' about
eleven : miles : from the right wing.
: General ColvMe merely demonstrated
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1900.
l| I Our $10.00 blue serge suits are caus- I • .l|[S
|l g ing talk among people who have bought 1 ||||
1| | them — talk about what good suits they 1 I|E
¦aiiisi^^ Proof of this is evident from what cus- B|^i^i|jlS
IsSK<l?ltJ tomers say who have had the suits B^Sfis?fl
£&atoiiiJV recommended to them. , maemaa^M
R We find that each week shows an increase in the sales. The popularity |q
B of the serges is growing, because more people are finding out what good suits fe
B The material in the suits is blue serge, dyed with unfadable blue, cut in p
B all sizes and cut to fit ; then the making is thoroughly good, even to the Q
B smallest stitch. They come in single or double breasted styles. We made. |j
B them ourselves, so know that you are getting • . a
I a £ood blue ser^e suit 8
B Here is a good bargain in our boys' .'clothing department— rMiddy Suits of g|
B / blue cheviot, with sailor collars ; vestee and collar elegantly trimmed with five M
fl rows of soutache, either of white, blue or black ; ages 3to 8 years. We con- |j
B sider- the value $2. 50— for a short time we offer them at v
¦ We fill out-of-town orders for clothing, hats and furnishings. Write to us for our illustrated E
fl catalogue No. 2- — it will help you in your ordering. Should you order clothing we send a self-measuring fa
fl blank which assures you of getting a good fit Write us to-day. H
ST. HELENA, WHERE ENGLAND HAS IMPRISONED GEN. CRONJE.
THE BRITISH AUTHORITIES HAVE DECIDED TO MAKE NO EXCHANGE OF BOER PRISONERS DITRINO
THE WAR, BUT TO SEND CRONJE AND HIS COMPATRIOTS TO THE LONELY AND ISOLATED ST. HELENA.
THIS ISLAND, THE LAST PRISON PLACE OF THE GREAT NAPOLEON, IS OF ABOUT 30.000 ACRES IN EXTENT.
CONSISTING ALMOST ENTIRELY OF* ROCKY EMINENCES. SOME OF WHICH RISE TO A HEIGHT OF 20CO
FEET. IT IS 1140 MILES FROM 'CHE NEAREST POINT ON THE AFRICAN COAST AND IS STRONGLY FORTI
FIED. THE ONLY PORT IS JAMESTOWN. SITUATED ON THE WEST SIDE IN A DEEP GORGE RUNNING DOWN
TO THE SEA. LONGWOOD, THE RESIDENCE OF THE EMPEROR NAPOLEON DURING HIS CONFINEMENT. 13
A FEW MILES TO THE LEFT OF THE TOWN. • . .
3Still Oppose Yost.
Special IMppateh to The Call
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March B.—
The action of the students' executive
committee last night in ratifying- Manager
GildPrsleeve's selection of F. H. Yost as
coach for next fall's football squad was
suspended this afternoon at aspeciai stu
dent body meeting. Captain Burnett ap
peared before the students and renewed
his request for further time in which to
canvass the field of coacning material.
This action of the students merely pre
vents Gilderslceve from closing negotia
tions with" Yost till the matter can be ad-
Justed before the Associated Student*".
A special meeting has been called for next
Tuesday afternoon, when both manager
and captain will be present and state his
case.
By Order of the Consignee.
To-day we will 'sell .without reclamation
1000 pairs ladies' fine shoes at 50c a pair.
Standard Shoe Company, 1029 Market St.,
between Sixth and Seventh. ~ -¦ , . •
ter Gordon; W. S. Hobbs* Mercy May vs. M.
Mlchalikl's Old Glory; J. C. Smith's Sensation
vs. G. Abercrombie's Rock Island Klngr; D.
Toland'o Pleasant Girl vs. H. Lynch's Lexing
ton; R. Strehl's Sky'.Uht vs. J. Holden's Scot
tish Chief: J. H. Perlgo's Bohe vs. Ru.-Bell,
Allen & Wilson's Miss Penman; D. Dowst's
Sarcastic va. J. McEnroe's Lady Trilby; A. IL
Hoar's Lady Norborne vs. J. I. O'Brien's Wan
dering Tom; J. Carroll's Auckland vs. J. Car
roll's Red Hind; J. R. Smith's Lady Sears vs.
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Belle Claire; P.
Cronln's (names) Cymro vs. J. Perry's Commo
dore Nash.
Coursing will commence on Saturday at
12:30 p. m. and on Sunday at 11:30 a. m.
The winners in the first round look to bo
Connemara, McKinley. Lawrence, Rock
Island Boy, Mamie Pleasant, Hummer,
Controller, Silent Treasure, Papita, Rich
mond Queen, Admiral Sampson, Delia M,
Kid McCoy, Morning Glory, Expense,
Twilight Jr., Lottie M, Moss Rose, St.
Helen, Flora Mac Donald, Victor King,
Hawker, lowa Maid, Benlcia Boy, Go On,
Tea Rose, Flyaway, Lady Davenport.
Greenhall, Blueotone, Old Glory, Rock
Island King, Pleasant Girl, Scottish Chief,
Bohe, Sarcastic, Wandering Tom, Auck
land, Belle Claire and Commodore Nash.
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Prlco.
Pay when well. Advice and orWate book
free, office or mall. Home cures. Estab-
lished 19 years. No Injurious medicine- us«d.
Dry Meyers & Co.
731 Market St.. S. P.
Will Entertain Single Ladies.
La Estrella Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden "West has arranged a
pleasant "at home" for to-morrow night
In Native Sons' Hall, on which occasion
the married ladies of the parlor will enter
tain . the single ladies and a number of
specially invited guests.
Sudden Death of George Levy.
George F. Levy,' an employe of the Bald
win Jewelry Company; was found dead
yesterday afternoon 1 at 1311*4 Pine street,
where he resided with his wife. Deceased
had suffered for a long while from an ag
gravated ' attack of catarrh and' used
strong opiates to alleviate the attending
pain. Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Levy, on
returning from a short errand, found' her
husband kneeling beside the bed dead.
An empty box libeled cyanide of potas
sium was found in the room close to the
body, and It is thought that Levy in a
moment of agony swallowed the deadly
drug. The body was removed to the
Morgue.
TIIE RESULTS.
Daniel Danalger, Olympic
Club, defeated Win. Schoen
bein, unattached.
Frank McConnell Jr., Olym
pic Club, defeated X. T. Gil
feather, South End Rowing
Club.
J. I>. <-chol<>s Jr., Toronto
Athletic Club, defeated Kob
ert Lairrfnce, unattached.
George Eager, Olympic
Club, defeated D. Carroll,
Olympic Clnb.
J. E. nritt, Olympic Club,
defeated W. J. Gooby, unat
tached.
H. W. Ftnclte, Olympic
Club, defeated J. J. Dulte
loir, Rochester tK. V.) Ath
letic Club.
J. Doyle, Olympic Club, de
feated J. J. Groom, Academic
Athletic League.
S. Derser, unattached, de
feated Jamea Pallas, South
End It ovr lngr Clnb.
Thomai Msrlch, Olympic
Clnb, defeated E. Berry, un
attached.
\V. J. It odrnbarh, S«tt We«t
Side Athletic Clnb (IV. V.), de
feated George Tantto, Olym
pic Club.
F. C. Wegener, Olj-mplc
Clnb, defeated Juxrph Doyle,
Olympic dub.
WeakvMen and Women
C HOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
.*-* great Mexican remedy; lives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 223 Mark»U
[L J
MARKET ST.S.pV>£&
Malaria, Chills, Fever
Is your Uver torpidP Is your
/^^^^^^^W^V^li^^iv E* oo^ sluggish? Have you Dizzy,
Blind spellsP Have you Malaria,
f^^ir^CLaUQHLjS^i^^i Chills and Rheumatic Pains P Is
raCfcj. system run down, your Ap-
P etite P oor > your bowels consti-
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
(It Never Burns Nor Blisters)
I am curing hundreds every day who once complained of such symp-.
toms. My Belt pours a stream of " warm, glowing vitality into tho
blood and organs, restoring health and strength. It is warranted
on a bond of $5000 the strongest on earth, guaranteed for one
year, renewals free, and- has chamois-covered electrodes, which pre-
vent blistering. Call or send for my new book, free, which explains
my treatment. If you've been using any other style of belt or one
that blisters and will send it in, I will exchange it at half price for
one of mine* ; *C
Rheumatism and Kfdtey Trouble.
Tin If 1 M I IITHItIIV £ss Eleventh St.. Oakland. Cal.. Feb. 17, I*oo.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
7« Karket St.. C.r. bin* »• *- JCf l^ "jffi* S&bfi!' 'iST? K&KSS.
1..4 t>,, *i».v -m^ir nnr Rnrln» .ml found It an excellent restorer of lost vitality.
Burtlck g^ o^. oo^™"* and It Is such a comfortable lnvtgorator that I al-
Second fats.. Los Angeles. keep Qnf ready fQr uge you refef
. to me. - JAMES A. JOIINSON.
• ? • •-#-^-#-»-#-»-#-»-»-»-#-»-# • • • •-
Railroad Man Bankrupt.
Albert A. Gellnas, a railroad employe
residing in Oakland, filed a petition In in
solvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. His liabilities are $466 65
and he has no assets. .
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
Drawing for the Contests for To-
Morrow and Sunday.
The drawing for the coursing match to
be run at Ingleslde to-morrow and Sun
day was held last night at Pythian Castle
and resulted as follows:
Open stake, eighty entries; puree, JSB2 50; first
prtre, 1100; second. IK; third, $45; next two,
$30 each; next five. $22 SO each; next ten. 115
each, and next twenty, 17 £0 each— James Dean's
Ccnnemara vs. T. J. Cronln'e Vixen; CurtU &
Sens' McKinley vs. J. R. Smith's Master Dav
enport; J. R. Smith's Victor Queen vs. H. A.
L>eokelman'» Lawrence; G. Abercrombie'6 Rock
Island Boy vt. P. Rally's Master Mat; Lowe
•gk Thompson's Little Fullerton . ye. Connell
Bros." Mamie Pleasant; W". H. Shear's (names)
Liberty Bell vs. E. M. Kelloggr's Hummer; J.
H. Periso's Controller vt. H. A. Deckelman's
Prince George; J. Mooney's Silent Treasure ye.
T. J. Cronln's Daisy Dale; L H. Frank's
T.amee) Jenny Llnd vs. R. E. d» B. Lopei St
Bone' Paplta; J. McNeil's Captain Byrnes vs.
P Reilly's Richmond Queen; J. McEnroe's Ad
miral Sampson vs. E. McCormlck's Valley
Forre; F. Mack's (namei) Delia M vs. J. Mc-
Enroe'e Ftonehenre; E. M. Kellogg-'s Kid Mc-
Coy vs. H. G. Nlcholls' May Herschel; J. Ed
raonds' Mornlrc Glory ye. A. Burns' Mollle
Hcgan; J. Holloway*s Brian Boru vs. P.
Reilly's Expense; E. D. Fallon's Lily o' the
Wcet vs. D. Toland's Twllipht Jr." H. Lynch's
Lottie M vi . J. McEnroe's Nor'west; \V.
Barry's <narce») Finn McCool vb. T. J. Mc-
Hugh's Mo!«s Roee; Connell Bros.' St. Helen
ye. J. R. Smith's Marie: J. E. Cone's Red
Glenn vs. Lowe & Thompson's Flora MacDon
a!d; G. Abercrombie's Victor King vs. E. M.
, JCelloßg's Ben's Babe; M. Donlea's Fenian Boy
¦ye. Kay Bros.' Hawker; E. M. Kelloicgr's lowa
Maid vs. J. 1. O'Brien's Pasha Queen; J.
Mtber's (names) Btnicla Boy vs. Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Mies Cable; J. Edmonds' Go
On vs T. Murphy's Ornament; T. Tlerney's
Tea. Rose vs. J. I. O'Brien's Statesman; H. A.
Derkelman's- Flyaway vs. J. Talbofs Black
Rock; J. H. Periro'e Lady Davenport vs. D.
Hooper's Moree Patrol; Curt's & Sons" Ter
ronite vs. Captain Cane's Gr-enhall; J. Car
roll's Bluestone vs. P. Cronln's (names) Mas-
THE TAILOR,
IUO-IU2 irarket St.
201-208 Montgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCtX
against a high mountain occupied by the
Transvaal' troops, who were now fleeing-,
in consequence of the flight of the, Free
Staters, south of the river. It is impos
sible at present to give the Boer numbers,
but.lt is estimated that they reach 14,000,
all of whom are now in flight.
In the course of the operations the
Ninth Lancers attempted to get close to
the Boers' right, with the object of charg
ing, but the Boers came out in great force
and the Lancers were compelled to' re
tire. A battery was then sent forward
to hold the enemy in check while the Gra
hamstown Volunteers and a company of
mounted infantry supported by another
battery engaged the Boers on their right
flank. The Boers fired shells, falling short,
however, and they made a stubborn de
fense of the kopje on our right,' enfilading
the battery: and killing, eighteen- of th«
battery horses. The mounted infantry
gradually repelled the Boers and the bat
tery then took a position and expelled
them from their laager in confusion.
The Boers held a strong position on the
north bank of the river, but the flight
from the southern bank compelled them to
retreat. They showed great adroitness in
getting away the wagons and displayed
a bold front while the rest of the force
was busy in-spanning.
General French's division consisted of
three brigades of cavalry, two of mountea
infantry and seven horse batteries.
POPE LEO PRAYS FOR
AMERICAN MEDIATION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. March B.— The World has
the following from Rome: The Pope re
ceived at private audience yesterday
Count Serpa . Pimenthal, leader of the
Mexican Catholics, who presented the
Holy Father with 35,000 francs In gold in
a silver casket as a contribution for the
Peter's pence fund.
The World correspondent interviewed
the Count to-day. He expressed his sur
prise at the wonderful vitality shown by
the Pope and at his excellent appearance.
"The Pope said to me," he continued,
"the religious manifestations of the holy
year were a source of great consolation
to him. His joy would be complete but
for the fratricidal South African war. He
added: 'I daily pray that President Mc-
Kinley will offer the friendly mediation
of America. He would then deserve the
thanks of the Christian world.' " ;
BOER WOMEN OFFER TO
FORM A HOME GUARD
NEW YORK, March B.— The Sun has
the following from Pretoria, dated March
6, via Lorenzo Marques: A' very, hopeful
view of the situation Is entertained here.
Notwithstanding the! reports of Boer re
verses, the patriotic . spirit of the people
shows no diminution, and every one is
willing to give his services to aid the gov
ernment.' A number of Boer women have
offered to form a home guard in order to
enable the burghers who are now ! per
forming that duty to proceed to the front
BRITISH CONSULATE
STONED BY STUDENTS
; BORDEAUX, March B.— Late yesterday
evening students and others issuing from
a pro-Boer meeting marched to the Brit
ish Consulate, battered down the doors,
shattered the windows with stones, and
then proceeded to the Consul's private
residence, where they indulged In a simi
lar demonstration. The police dispersed
the mob and arrested , several leaders.
The prefect of the Oiroride, the Mayor of
Bordeaux and the commissary of police
called on the Consul to-day and expressed
regret at the occurrence. ¦
. ' . . - ... . : — » ; - : . .
LEADERS OF THE BOERS
RECEIVE PROMOTIONS
¦ BOER , CAMP, BIGGERSBERQ, 'March
6.— At a general council of war" held to
day Louis Botha was appointed lieutenant
general j for | Natal and ~ Lukas Meyer,
Schalkburger, David Joubert, Daniel
Erasmus and J. Fource , were . appointed
major generals. The selections have given
lively satisfaction to the burghers. ?
RIFLE FIRE CHECKED
THE BRITISH CAVALRY
LONDON, March 9.— The Standard pub-
You
Will
save from $5.00 to
$15.001 5.00 by having
your next suit
made at Poheim's.
1 make the best
suits and charge
less than other
tailors.
ONE champion of America retire'!
from the boxing arena of the Olym
pic Athletic Club last night with be
dragpled colors, and one champion
ship trophy, that for welter-weights, will
surely remain on this coast. J. J. Duke
low, Rochester Athletic Club, was the
vanquished, and H. W. Fincke of the
Olympic Club the victor. There was no
Questioning the merit of the decisions ar
Fincke had a lead throughout the greater
part of the bout, and Dukelow only saved
himself from a complete knockout by
hugging his hard-hitting opponent about
the waist. Fincke was the stronger and
showed considerable cleverness. His fa
vorite move was a side step and then a
quick cross with the right for the bead.
He scored with this repeatedly. He land
ed it on the Jaw near the end of tha first
round, and Dukelow staggered aimlessly
about the ring. When Fincke tried to
finish him be clinched, and the bell saved
him.
Dukelow sent out signals of distress
early In the second round, bugging Fincke
about the legs. The latter was landing as
he pleased, but the Easterner was game
and took a lot of punishment. The fight
ing was desperate at times, Dukelow get
ting the worst of it. In the last round
Dukelow scored first with a left on the
face. Fincke missed two vicious swings
and then Dukelow walked into a fierce
lf-ft. Dukelow, although bleeding and dis
tressed, came back to the attack with
bulldog tenacity. Fincke was tiring rap-
830-832-834 MARKET STREET,
6AN FRANCISCO.
BOERS ESCAPE
FROM THE TRAP
SET BY ROBERTS
Continued from Third Page.
PROMINEMT MEN TO
BUILD A RAILROAD
Incorporation -of the California and
Northern Railway
Company.
A new railroad company has been formed
under the laws of the - State of Nevada
which will materially affect Northern Cal
ifornia If its plans are consummated.
Articles of incorporation were filed on
March 5, but for some reason they were
not made public.' After stating that the
company had been formed to build a new
railroad the papers of incorporation read:
First — That the name of said corporation is
the California and Northern Railway Com
pany.
Second — That the term for -which It is to
exist is fifty years from and after the date of
incorporation.
Third— That the amount of capital stock of
this corporation shall be W. 500,000, divided Into
25,040 shares of the par value of $100 each.
Fourth— That the number of directors shall
be seven.
The names and addresses of the directors
then follow: Charles Nelson, San Francisco;
Francis Korbell, San Francisco; P. N. Llllen
thal, % San ; Francisco: John Lv Koster. San
Francisco; D. B. Lyman, Reno, Nev. ; P. L.
Flanlgan, Reno; Oscar J. Smith, Reno.
The purpose of the corporation Is to con
struct and operate a railroad ninety miles
in length, extending from Eureka, Hum
boldt County, Cal., to Crescent City, in
the county of Del Norte, together with
wharves, buildings, piers, vessels and
operate ferries, etc. The amount of the
capital stock already subscribed is $100,000.
FAKE FIGHTING
IS TO RECEIVE
ITS DEATH BLOW
Supervisor Reed Prepares
an Ordinance Which Is
Effective. . fy
Police Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors Favor Its Adoption.
Text of the Important
Measure. •
?
Supervisor Reed gives promise of gain
ing- as much renown as Assemblyman
Horton of New York through a boxing or
dinance which he has prepared and which
was sanctioned yesterday by the Police
Committee of the Board of Supervisors. It
will be Introduced for adoption next Mon
day afternoon. Mr. Reed's ordinance alms
to prevent faking in professional contests,
and prohibits private individuals conduct
ing athletic clubs without members,. In
structors or apparatus. The 'ordinance
will affect materially the National and the
Columbia Athletic Clubs of this city, both
of which have paid a $1000 license.
The sponsor of the bill is confident that
he has prepared a measure that will ele
vate the sport, as he has had the] benefit
of the knowledge and experience of Will
iam Greer Harrison, president jj of the
Olympic Club, and others who have fol
lowed the development of the manly art.
The ordinance is more complete than the
Horton law, as it deals with every phase
of the sport. It defines the meaning' of an
amateur organization, the amount of li
cense it must pay annually and the value
of the trophies it can offer for boxing
bouts. It states positively that no pro
fessional sparring exhibition can be' held
oftener than once a month; that permits
for holding the same must be obtained
from the Supervisors; that all exhibitions
are subject to the control of the police,
and that every person engaging in such
exhibition must furnish the Chief of Police
a certificate signed by a reputable physi
cian stating that he is fit to enduro the
strain.
The ordinance is such an Important
measure that it is herewith given in Its
entirety:
An ordinance to provide for licensing boxing
or sparring exhibitions and regulating the
same.
Be it ordained by the people of the city and
county of San Francisco as follows: •• > -
Section 1. Every athletic club or organization
or association, under whose auspices profession
al boxing or sparring exhibitions are given In
the city and county of San Francisco shall pay
a license of $250 to the Tax Collector ot said
city and county, prior to and for each and
every such exhibition.
Sec. 2. Every athletic club, organization or
association under -whose auspices amateur box
ing or sparring exhibitions are given or ¦ held
In the. city and county of San Francisco, shall
pay an annual license of $100 to the Tax Col
lector of said city and county, which license
sball be payable prior to holding such exhibi
tions and shall entitle the club, organization
or association paying for the same to hold such
exhibitions prior to the Ist day of January
succeeding.
Sec 3. No professional sparring or boxing
exhibition shall be held in the city and county
of- San Francisco oftener than once a month.
Permits to hold such professional exhibitions
shall first be obtained from the Board of Super
visors.
Sec. 4. All boxing or sparring exhibitions
shall be conducted and subj*ct to the control
of the Chief of Police. . *
Sec. 5. Kv^ry person engaging as principal
in such boxing or sparring exhibition shall, on
tlie day previous to the holding of the said
exhibition. Me with the Chief of Police of the
city and county of San Francisco a certificate
on the part of Home reputable physician to the
effect that he, the said principal, is in good
Physical health, well trained and capable ol
enduring the strain of a boxing and sparring
exhibition of the kind proposed to be held.
(Describing the same.) ? :¦
6ec. 6. No boxing or sparring exhibition shall
he. held In the city and county of San Fran
cisco unless the conditions hereinbefore pro
vided for are compiled with by the athletic
club or organization or association under whose
auspices the boxing or sparring exhibition Is
held and also by * those persons engaging in
said boxing and sparring exhibition as prin
cipals.
Sec. 7. Any person who shall violate any
of the provisions of this order shall be guilty
of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof
shall be fined not more than 1500 or be impris
oned In the County Jail for not more than six
months.
Sec. 8. Any athletic club, organization or
association violating: any of the provisions of
this order shall forfeit its license to bold such
exhibitions. • ¦ .
Sec. 9. (a) A professional boxing or spar
ring exhibition within the meaning' of this or
dinance is one In which the principals contend
for a reward or wacer in money, or anything
of value, other than trophy or medal, or con
tend for a portion O f the Kate j receipts, (b)
An amateur boxing or sparring exhibition with
in the meaning: lof this ordinance is one in
¦which the principals do not contend for a re
ward or waver in money, or any 'other thins;
of value except a medal or trophy, not exceed
ing in value $15 lawful money of the United
States, (c) An athletic club, organization or
association within the meaning- of this ordi
nance 1s one organized for the purpose of .pro
viding its members with opportunities for ath
letic- exercises, having a . gymnasium s f or the
use of its members, with Instructors and the
usual apparatus of gymnasiums for ¦ athletic
clubs, organizations or associations, and. hav
ing a genuine membership of not less than 100
rrembers. - The purpose of this ordinance Is to
encourage -.the giving of boxing and- sparring
exhibitions under the auspices of genuine ath
letic clubs, organizations or associations and
to prevent the giving or holding of- boxing or
sparring exhibitions by clubs, organizations or
associations. : misnamed "athletic." but -which
have no" gymnasium* nor irymnastle apparatus,
no athletic Instructors, and -which are organized ¦
for the purpose of making m.Hley for the pro
moters of professional sparring and boxing "ex
hibitions.
See. 10. All ordinances and orders conflict
ing with j the provisions of j this ordinance or*
FEARS HER
HUSBAND WILL
MURDER HER
Mrs. Bruch Says He Threat
ened Her With a Re
volver.
The Man Attacked Her in a San Jose
Hotel and Is Now Locked Up
on a Charge of Assault to
KilL
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March B.— Cries of help from
Mrs. George Bruch brought the guests of
the Russ House to her aid this morning:,
and according to her story prevented the
murder of herself and son by her hus
band. A year ago Mrs. Bruch was the
widow of Joseph Kohlbecker, and was left
with sufficient money and property to care
for herself and child for the rest of her
days. •
George Bruch had been employed about
their place, the Seven-mile House, near
Lob Gatos, and in a few months he had
wooed and won the widow. Then he be
came indolent and lazy and would do no
work about the place. He constantly de
manded money of her to spend in dissi
pation. Mrs. Bruch refused to stand this
and sold her property, and with her son
made a trip to Switzerland, leaving her
husband to shift for himself.
On Monday ' Mrs. Bruch returned and
she and her Bon engaged apartments at
the Russ House in this city. Bruch heard
of his wife's return and yesterday called
at the Russ House to see her. She refused
to open the door of her room. He asked
her if she intended to live with him, but
she declined to further support him
This morning Bruch returned and was
admitted to the room. He took off his
coat, grabbed Mrs. Bruch and placed a
loaded revolver to her cheek, saying he
intended to kill her and then her 18-year
old son. The woman screamed, and this
brought the guests of the hotel to her aid
The police were summoned and Bruch was
locked up. This afternoon Mrs. Bruch
charged him with assault to murder be
fore Justice O'Neal. Bail was fixed at J5OOO
and in default of it Bruch went to ail
His examination was set for March 13
Mrs. Bruch declared she believes her
husband will kill her if the opportunity
happens, and she Intends to leave the
State.
At the police station a loaded revolver
and a sharp knife were found on Bruch
He denied however, that he intended to
Cartoonist Warren's Impressions of the Boxing Tournament.
hereby repealed,* and especially order No. 870
(second series). . -•' < .¦ -•
Sec. - 11. This ordinance shall go . Into effect
Immediately, and shall be of no force and
effect on and after the first day of January,
1901.
Flying Fox Sells for Nearly
I Two' Hundred Thousand
Dollars.
: ¦ ¦ ¦ i\ ¦ -,: .
Purchaser of the Famous Stake Win
ner Is Edmond Blanc, Son of
the Founder of Monte
Carlo.
LONDON, March B.— At the sale of the
late Duke of Westminster's string of race
horses, which took place to-day at Klngs
clere, Flying Fox, winner in 1599 of the
Derby, the Two Thousand Guineas, the
Eclipse stakes and the Doncaster St.
Leger, was purchased by Edmond Blanc
for 37,500 guineas (ab0ut. 5196,900). Blanc la
the con of , the .founder of Monte Carlo
and brother-in-law of Roland Bonaparte.
Four Favorites Win.
NEW ORLEANS, March B.— Four of the)
six races to-day fell to favorites, Grace
Philips, who was backed down from fours,
being the hardest blow to the ring. Re
sults: . ¦ . . . r. •
Six and a half " fnrlonirs— llm Gore- n won.
Wiggins second, Dolly Wlthoff third. Time,
1:26. r :
Six furlongs, selling — Avatar won. Inlook sec
ond. • Frangible third. " Time, 1:18.
One mile and a quarter, sell Ing— Nallor won.
Cuirassier second, Rushfields third. Time,
8:14. - . -. ¦ — - -" :¦¦ -¦-¦ ¦ "
One mile, handicap— Strangest won. Cathe
dral second. Lady Callahan third. Time. 1:4«<4.
Seven furlongs, selling— lrma won. Sister Fox
second, Clarence B third. Time, 1:33.
One mile, selling— Grace Philips won. All
Chale second. Ben Chance third. Time. 1:49<4.
idly, but the bout ended before Dukelow
could regain much of his lost ground. The
winner was cheered as he left the arena.
W. J. Rodenbach, another of the East
ern contingent, made his debut and made
as favorable an impression as that made
by Scholes. He met George Tantau, who
is apparently a better bicycle racing man
than boxer. Rodenbach scored the only
clean knockout of the tournament. He
outclassed Tantau aa a boxer and admin
istered as little punishment a 6 he could
consistently, letting many openings go by.
Tantau was trying all the time, and, land
ed one blow on the head which made
Rodenbach blink his eyes. In the sec
ond round he went in to end matters,
knocking Tantau down several times. A
right on the stomach caused Tantau to
drop his hands, and then a right and left
on the head caused him to sink quietly
to the floor. He was dazed for some time.
John Scholes drew against Robert Law
rence, unattached, and gained the deci
sion in one and a half rounds. Lawrence
was not knocked out, but he stayed down
on hia knees until the tenth second was
counted, and thus lost. He was aggres
sive in the first round and tried rougnlng
it with Scholes. The latter quietly cau
tioned him, and when he persisted went
at him and quickly took all the fight oujt
of him. Lawrence went down frequently
to avoid punishment.
The attendance was unusually large and
the sport the best ever seen here among
amateurs. The poorest boxers were, with
few exceptions, weeded out on the first
night, leaving in the clever ones.
Daniel Danziger, Olympic Club, made
quick work of William Schoenbein, unat.
tached. In the first bout of the night. He
went at his opponent from the Bound of
the pong and soon had him in difficulty.
His blows were clean and he landed them
at will. Schoenbein went down several
times and finally stayed down ten seconds
and was declared the loser.
The second bout was the sensational one
of the evening. It was between Frank
McConnell Jr. of the Olympic Club and
N. T. Gilfeather of the South End Rowing
Club. The Judges named McConnell the
winner after three remarkable rounds.
Mingled cheers and hisses greeted the de
cision. Kach youngster scored so often
and so effectively that only the judges
keeping their scores could decide which
was entitled to the decision. McCon.ell
was the first to lead and started to mix
things at a lively rate. His favorite blow
was a left swing, which invariably landed
on head or body. Gilfeather was busy
all the time. The second round was a
whirlwind affair, both lads standing
gamely to their guns. The spectators
were in an ecstasy of delight at the bril
liant showing, their applause being con
tinued throughout the interval of rest.
Both tired In the last round, but did their
best to put each other out, standing up
and giving blow for blow.
Britt and Gooby started a trifle slowly,
but soon woke up and had a merry time.
Britt was much the cleverer and won on
points. Just as the bout ended he floored
Gooby with a hard right.
J. Doyle won from J. J. Groom, a tall
youth from the Academic Athletic
League. Neither could hit much.' Doyle
appeared later In the middle-weight class
against F. C. Wegener. Neither boxed
fast enough to brush flies off each other,
both acting as if half asleep. Doyle re
ceived a blow on the head early In the
second round and, waving his arms In
a graceful Delsarte movement, fell to the
floor. He seemed completely out, but as
the referee counted off the last of the
fateful ten seconds he jumped to his feet
and ran blithely to his corner.
The spectators did not agree with the
judges' decision In the Pallas-Berger bout.
Pallas Is muscled like Sharkey, while his
opponent was a thin youngster with a
quaint humor. He poked fun at Pallas
for his wild rushes, the while Berger
Jabbed him in the face. Pallas sought
the assistance of Referee Kitchen, saying
Berger was fouling him. The Judges final
ly gave it to Berger on points.
There will be both boxing and wrest
ling on the card to-night.
L. Clearance
\ SALE
LAST TWO WEEKS.
MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S SHOES.
CHILDS* GOAT BUTTON SHOB-Fr»neh to«.
narrow widths, sixes J to T. to «o««
out ...•.» • pOo
BOYS' AND YOUTHS' PATENT LEATHER
LACE AND BUTTON SHOES— Broken »!»<*«.
formerly $3.00 and $4.00 #1.00
MISSES' PATENT LEATHER Button Shoes,
French toes. kid. black cloth or tan clotn
tops, sizes 11 to J. formerly $4.00 98e
MISSES' .ALL KID OR GOATSKIN Button
Shoes. French toes, stzea 12 to 2. formerly
J2.50 • 950
LADIES' SHOES.
LADIES' COLORED gATIN SLIPPERS—
Pointed toe», all shades, all ilze«. formerly
13.00 :... *i-so
LADIES' SUEDE KID OXFORDS— In Black,
Tan, Nile Green and Lavender, nearly all
»Ues. formerly »S $IJIO
LADIES* KID OXFORDS— Sixes 2 to 4 AAA to
B, formerly $2.50 #1.00
GENTS' SHOES.
GENTS' FREXCH CALF CORK SOLE. Hand-
sewed Lace Shoes, nearly all s«*ea. 13 and IJ
grades #3.b0. f4.1.»
GENTS' PATENT LEATHER. Lac« or Con-
gress, b««t makes, formerly %S. sizes » to 11.
A. B, C. fIJSO
GENTS' BICYCLE SHOES— Lace, fa Black or
Tan. broken sizes, formerly 13.00 *3.0«>
GENTS' TAN RUSSIA CALF Lace Shoes,
pointed toes. *4.00 and 15.00 quality, broken
lot; to eloaa out f1.30
LOTS OF BARGAINS.
Goods strictly as advertised.
See prices In window.
AN OLYMPIAN DEFEATS
ONE EASTERN CHAMPION
H. W. Fincke Cleverly Bests, J. J. Dukelow
in an Exciting Bout.
Rodenbach and Scholes Add to Their Laurels.
Fast Work Marks the Boxing Tournament
at the Athletic Club.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1900.
HIGHEST PRICE
EVER PAID FOR
A RACEHORSE
Specialists for Men
For More Sports see Page Eleven.
SUITS
from
$12.50 op.
WHEN we «ar "RUPTURE CZTRKXr ¦ we
mean It, for It Is a fact that thousands of cures
have been accomplished by Dr. Plerce's World-
renowned ELECTRIC TRUSS during tit* past
twenty-nve years. There Is nothing els* Ilka it
on earth! It does the work! Have received so
many letters and testimonial* that we hardly
know what to do with them all. If ruptured In-
vestigate at once. Our prices are reasonabla.
but not cheap. We make no discounts. "Dr
Plerce's" Is THE truss, and you cannot bi
happy till you get It. •
You can «et our "BOOKLET No. 1" for noth-
ing by calling at the office, or it will b« sent to
you on receipt of a 2-cent stamp. It tells all
abont this TRUSS. Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market street. SAN FRANCISCO.
88 Tribune bulldln«. NEW YORK.
DR PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL ; ,
DISCOVERY
FOR THE :
BLOOD,LIVER.LUNG&
REYNOLD'S
bS fll BH £3 Ij3 I H "
mJV Rfi l| Few persons need
r fli be confined by
Goutor Rheumatism, If on the firstapproach
of the paroxysm they have recourse to this rem-
edy; then, a single dose Is often lufilcient.
X- FOCUEBA * CO., 30-3O X. William SC.V.^r.
Jf^Mßßl^tiMtf Wf «la ft non.poisoiMQa
l_AlP..._*^(fcijl f 7. awlJ 'o for Gonorrhea.,
£l<*t, Spermatorrhoea.
MWW 10 1 «o » 4*7*l| w aitaa, annataral dlo
ffntm Qunaue* | charg*«, or anr Inflatim*.
Er*M ••»»••*•««»*. tlon,,irrttaUon or nker*.
j!*r»wtti» MBtagita. tlen ot Bacons niesv
17»VHt£vA,ia CheMThCo. braaes. Hoo-«*trla*ent.
lgMkcmcimTU.EEßl >«m ky mmtjiiw,
Wl c. T. a. !Eh ° r io '= Pl**a wrapper,
v ¦ OUSOMK MM ttkMuasJti
OI rP nnifll c °rner Fourth and
UIUL nU iHL^^e^aJ-Si
Valises checked fr*«.
>>' The Sunday Call
H FOR MAFCH 11, 1900, AMONG OTHER
II INTERESTING ARTICLES, WILL CONTAIN 1
11 —
I SAN FRANCISCO'S FIRST DANCING
MASTER. _J
. EXPERIENCES OF A SUNDAY CALL
'¦SB*-- REPORTER AS A SALVATION
¦--V ARMY LASSIE. :
THE ROMANCE OF OLD FORT ROSS.
HOW TO GUARD, AGAINST THE BU-
: BONIC PLAGUE"
; By Dr. Uoseprrine Elfzholtz. who spent
. \ ¦¦¦¦¦ *ive years in India studying the epidemic.
HOW TO DRESS THE SCHOOLBOY.
1 LINES FROM "SAPHO." THE SENSA-
TIONAL PLAY OF THE DAY.
BOQKS OF THE WEEK, BY B. G.
LATHROP' ¦' ' ¦ -'
FASHIONS; DRAMATIC FEATURES
?e? c: V ' : - : : - '•¦'••• ¦¦-";-. v--'v --' , ;
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM
. ¦¦¦ ¦ 'ALL ¦'"¦" ¦¦ ' * " '
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
llshea the following dispatch from Pop
lar Grove, dated March 8: V • ¦.¦¦-• -*: / *
movements of the mounted men
were somewhat too rapid for the support
ing lnfantrr. and as a .result the Boer,
position was turned before the main body
could ; strike effectively. The Boers . fell
back precipitately, j and, extending to the
southeast, they ; checked the advance of
the British cavalry with a heavy rifle fire
at 800 yards' range. Accordingly General
French moved southward and outflanked
them again, but the Boers repeated their
tactics." ? •" * '>¦:.>¦'¦'"Keiths opening, extra One, tO-«Jay.
soa Market street. - ;; — -?:"<.•
"drag." But the arguments will Kt>- on,
just the same, and the bottle will pass.
GASOLINE POWER
WILL BE BARRED
»
Only Automobiles Propelled
by ; Electricity and Air
Allowed in the Park.
The Park Commissioners met last even-
Ing and considered the question concern-
Ing the admission of automobiles Into
Golden Gate Park. Commissioner A. B.
Spreckels put himself on record as op
posed to admitting them, saying that they
would frighten horses, endanger children
and were generally a source of danger
to the visitors to the people's
great pleasure ground. After the
matter had. , been talked . over It
was voted ¦ by all the Commissioners
except Mr. Spreckels to let in the auto
mobiles propelled by electric power and
compressed air, on the south drive only,
but to exclude the gasoline-propelled ma
chines and all except those dealing with
electricity and air.
WARM DEBATE
ON THE PORTO
RICAN BILL
Various Senators .Engage
in Colloquy and Ar
gument.
Pettus Speaks of the President*
Changed Views and Foraker Dis
cusses Possibility of For
eign Complications.
WASHINGTON. March B.— Formal dis
cussion of the Porto Rlcan tariff and civil,
government bill began In the Senate to
day and continued uninterruptedly for
four and a half hours. The principal
speakers were Foraker. in charge of tha
measure, and Pettus, but at various times
during the debate lively colloquys oc
curred. In which other Senators were par
ticipants.
After Mason ef Illinois had entered hi*
motion to discharge the Committee on
Foreign Relations from further considera
tion of a resolution expressing sympathy
for the Boers, end it had gone over until
to-morrow under the rule. Pettus deliv
ered a carefully prepared speech In oppo
sition to the penolng bill. Said he:
Defends the President.
No sordid politician's fingers had bean put
Into the Ink of that message. The President
waa honest and sincere when he distinctly ad
vised free trade between the United Statea and
the Island of Porto Rico.
The public press is now trying to make u»
believe th» Secretary of War Is the author of
the pending bill and that the President has
acceded to the provisions of the measure. For
one I refuse to believe this charge against tha
President. Though he may desire re-election,
he was a brave soldier and Is an able anil
generous man. For him It Is not everything In,
life to be re-elected to the Presidency by his
party. He has acted for the common good of
all the people. If he approves your bill then
I may believe any vile story against any good
man.
Pettus called attention to the amend
ment proposed by Davis, which, he said,
was a most Interesting specimen of the
product of Inventive gtjnius. He said: ;
The Senator proposes to send over to ths Porto
Ricans the constitution In Installments — a lit
tle now and a, little then.
Foraker, In charge of the pending bill,
replied to Pettus. Adverting to the criti
cism aroused by the bill, both In tho
newspapers and among the people, For
aker said that so far as he had been in
formed no Intelligent and appreclatlva
man In Porto Rico had dissented from thw
propositions of the measure. There may
have been some criticism on the part of
the Porto Ricans. but generally it waJ
accepted as an excellent bill. Lindsay In
quired if Governor General Davis himself
had not recommended free trade with Por
to Rico. Foraker replied:
Yes he did make such a recommendation, but
the committee, after full consideration, de
cided against his proposition. We are th«
Legislature for the whole Ignited States and
we were forced to consider the question from
all points of view. The tariff provision wa»
conceived in mercy to the Porto Ricans. and
in Its generosity It 13 without precedent In th«
Territorial legislation of the United Statea. .
Foreign Complications.
Foraker discussed the probability that
this Government would be asked by other
powers for an open door in the Philip
pines, and declared that It was an Im
portant and perhaps imminent contin
gency, of which account would have to
be taken. We wanted trade in the Orient,
and after we demanded an entrance Into
China we must grant one In the Philip
pines. He thought the Philippines could
not to be dealt with as It was proposed t.>
deal with Porto Rico.
Mr. Tlllman — Then the contention Is that wa>
can take Porto Rico under our wing and pro
tect her to the utmost, but that we cannot do
the same thine; for the Philippines.
Continuing, he asked why the President
had originally recommended free trade
with Porto Rico and the House ha.i
brought In a bill to that end. only chang
ing the course of Its policy after hearing
from Mr. Qxnard. the sugar king. Reply-
Ing. Foraker referred Tlllman to his col
league (Hanna) and said:
1 am not the keeper of the President"" con
fidence. I have no doubt, however, that th«
President spoke from his highest conviction
and best sentiment. No doubt he would pre
fer free trade with Porto Rico, as woul4 I.
but he probably knows more than ha knew
when he promulg-ated that messase. and. know
lnar more. It Is his duty as a man and as aa
official to change his recommendation.
The discussion of the question of consti
tutional law was continued until 5 o'clock.
Hoar made the closing observation, in
which he took sharp Issue with the prin
ciples enunciated by Foraker. He hel<t
that the doctrine proposed to be appil.-.l
to Porto Rico and the Philippines would
result In a despotism, and it would bo
none the less a despotism because It was
to be carried Into effect by moral mea of
high civilization. <'•:
ROBBINS UNSEATED.
Republican Gains His Place as Re*
suit of a Contest.
WASHINGTON. March B.— The House
to-day unseated G. A. Robbins, a Demo
crat, from the Fourth District of Ala
bama, and seated In hl3 stead William K.
Aldiich, a Republican, who has been three
times a contestant from the same district
on the ground of fraud, and who Is now
given his seat for the third time by a Re
publican house. The vote was a strictly
party one.
This case out of the way, a new rule
was brought In to set aside the day ses
sions on the second and fourth Fridiya
of each month for pension legislation. The,
rule limited debate on each bill to ten
minutes on a side, but this provision was
withdrawn upon the assurance of Mr.
Richardson, the minority leader, that his
side of the house would not Indulge la
filibustering^ - J
Anyvo Theatrical Cold Cream, Makeup
and Rouse Gras. Sold by all Cruggislß. •
Named Bishop of Columbus.
CINCINNATI, March B.— Unofficial ad _
vices from Rome announce the selection
of Henry Moeller. secretary and chancel
lor of the archdiocese of Cincinnati as
Blf«hop of Columbus. The papal approval
Is expected within a few days. - ¦¦¦ •
Gilligan Pleads Guilty.
Joseph 'E. Gllllgan. who, on January 19
last, forged the name of J. T. Sullivan to
a checkfor $12 on the First National
Bank, Indorsed the name of J. A. Oilman
thereon and then negotiated the note with
T. J. Clancy, pleaded guilty to a charge of
forgery before Judge Lawler yesterday
He will be sentenced on the 10th inst.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.
Annual Conclave Will Be Held in Los
Angeles.
The forty-second annual conclave of
Knights Templar will be held this year
in Los Angeles, commencing on the 24th
of April. There has been arranged the fol
lowing programme:
April 24— At 10 a. m. the Grand Commandery
will be escorted by the Drill Corps of Golden
Gate Commandery, under command of Colonel
William Edwards, and at 2:39 p. m. a jtrnnd
parade- of all the commanderies will take place.
At 8 p. m. the competitive drill by all the drill
corps present, consisting of Golden Gate Com
mandery No. 16. Los Angeles Commandery No.
9 Oakland Commandery No. 13. San Jose Com
mandery No. .9, Bacramento Commandery No. 2
and probably other commanderiee. '
April 25 — In the rr.orninc and afternoon the
Grand * Commandery will be In session, but
vehicles of all klnda and descriptions will be at
Delicacies for Invalids.
Deputy Game. and Fish Commlsslorer
Kercheval will start out to-day with a
large express wagon loaded with the game
seized recently In cold storage, which Is ro
be | distributed among „a . number jj of hos
pitals. The possession of game out of sea
son Is in violation of the State laws and
the goods seized were being held by a
number, of ; commission merchants', who
paid good prices for the same and expect
ed to make a fine clean-up by the sale of
the same to epicures: The seizure amount
ed to about 2500 birds, of which 2000 were
quail. The latter Secretary Babcock- has
distributed .to the; following institutions-
Protestant Orphan Asylum.' Hebrew Or
phan 'Asylum, Boys' and Girls' Aid * So
ciety. King's Daughters' Home for Incur
ables. City, and County Hospital Chil
dren's Hospital, j Presidio Hospital, frc™
ward California Woman's Hospital. San
Francisco Nursery for Homeless Children
and St. Mary's Hospital. .-
OTSUKA'S CREDITOR
BEAT HIM AT LAW
Judge Seawell Holds That Action to
Kecover on a Lottery Ticket Can
not Be Maintained.
Judge Seawoli has decided In the case of
6. Otsuka against Judah Boas that gamb
ling In a lottery Is against public morals
end that a suit cannot be maintained to
compel payment on a ticket bearing a
Fuccessful number. Otsuka won $3750 In
a lottery conducted by Boas and Henry
B. Cahn. On presenting his ticket he was
paid $750 and was told that the balance
due him would be paid at the rate of $250
a month, the lottery people not having
pufficifnt funds on hand to pay the entire
d:nan<l at once. Otsuka demanded full
payment, and on being refused filed suit.
A motion 'for a nonsuit was heard by
Judge Seawell and granted on the ground
that the Issues involved were against pub
lic morals and could not be adjudicated
by the court.
Railway Collision.
TOO cases of fine shoes slightly damaged
in a wre<?k will be placed on sale at the
Standard Shoe Co.. 1029 Market St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh. Sale begins to-day
fFrlday). at 3 a. m. •
ENCOURAGING BOYS
TO COMMIT CRIME
After Hearing a Pawnbroker's Evi-
dence Judge Conlan Orders Him
to Be Arrested.
Hiram Edwards, a pawnbroker at 29
Folsom avenue, was a witness fqr the
prosecution yesterday in Judge Conlan's
court In the case of Edwin Smith, charged
with burglary for breaking Into the store
of E. H. Mitchell, 225 Post street. He
testified that he had purchased from
Smith fifteen purses, part of the plunder,
for $1 25, although they were worth over
$20.
The Judge, after holding Smith to an
swer before th<? Superior Court In J2OOO
bonds, ordered that a warrant be Issued
for Edwards' arrest on the charge of re
ceiving Btolen goods, declaring that it was
such men who encouraged boys to steal.
The warrant was sworn out before Judge
Mogan. Mitchell being the complaining
witness. There, ls a doubt as to whether
Edwards can be prosecuted, as he made
the entry of the purchase In his books,
thereby conforming with the law.
ATLANTIC LINERS TO
USE MARCONI'S SYSTEM
Steamships of North German Lloyd
Company Will Be Fully Equipped
for Wireless Telegraphy.
NEW YORK. March S.— The North Ger
man Lloyd line will adopt the Marconi,
system of wireless telegraphy on its fast
vessels as a means of communicating with
the land on each side of the Atlantic.
Gustav H. Schwab, general managing
agent, will urge the erection of a lofty
mast on the Nantucket south shoal light
ship, about 240 miles from Fire Island.
This will enable steamships to communi
cate with New York fifteen or sixteen
hours before they reach their pier. •
A series of experiments conducted on
the Kaiser WJlhelm der Grosse, which
has arrived here, was successful in every
way. From a sprit which had been run
up from the mainmast until its tip was
135 -feet above the deck one of Marconi's
electrical engineers, who was on board,
communicated satisfactorily with Borkum
Island, in the mouth of the Ems. On the
Island of Borkum had been planted a mast
185 feet high. Owing to the disparity In
the height of the spars the Borkum sta
tion received messages from the. Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse while the ship was
fifty miles away, whereas the ship re
ceived messages from the Island only at a
distance of thirty-five miles. Greetings
and business messages were exchanged
by Captain Bartelmann with the officials
of the line In .Bremen.
The Sunday Call leads them
all! It will present an ar
ticle in the magazine sec
tion of March 11, upon the
dreaded bubonic plague, writ
ten by a learned doctor who
has had five y;ars' experience
with' the epidemic in India.
This article has been prepared
especially for the Call— will
appear only in The Call — and
unless you get next Sunday's
number of that paper you
will regret it.
INLAND CITY SEEKS
FOR TERMINAL RATES
San Bernardino Has Secured Hearing
Before Interstate Commerce
Commission.
San Bernardino will try to have the In
terstate Commissioners establish It In
business as a terminal point, which would
give It terminal rates. Before the Inter
state Commissioners listen to the defense
made by the Jobbers of Los, Angeles
against the suit of those of the Middle
West the San Bernardino terminal mat
ter will come up. It Involves the question
of graded rates based upon mileage, which
Is one of the points In the St. Louis pro
gramme to which the Jobbers' and Manu
facturers' Association has strongly ob
jected. San Bernardino is not a tide water
point. It has not the geographical posi
tion to permit it to claim to be a com
petitive point by sea. It stands in pre
cisely the same attitude, so far as the
question of competition with other points
is concerned, as. any other Inland town.
For this reason the Pacific Coast Job
bers' and Manufacturers' Association will
be Interested. 'If the mileage basis Is ap
plied to San Bernardino It must also apply
to Salt Lake and other, places. The claim
of the Pacific Coast generally to differen
tials rests upon the foundation of geo
graphical location and sea competition
that has been' the chief argument ad
vanced In justification of them. Once the-
Interstate Commerce Commission, sev
eral years ago, ruled that San Bernardino
should be a terminal. That was over
turned by a decision In the Federal court
at -Los Angeles.' .
WHEELS OF JUSTICE
WILL NOT BE CLOGGED
The Mayor Has Promised to Bec
oznmend an Additional Steno
grapher.
The congestion of business in the Police
Courts owing to the lack of stenographers
Is practically at an end, the Mayor having
promised to recommend to the Board of
Supervisors at Monday's meeting that an
additional stenographer be appointed.
He was waited upon yesterday by the
four Judges and Attorneys Kstee, J. J.
Dunne. Salomon, Stafford. Graham and
Gallagher, and the facts as already pub
lished were laid before him. He acknowl
edged the justice of the demand, pleading
as an excuse for action not having b*en
taken sooner the financial stringency. The
etf-nographer to be appointed will have to
take his rhances on getting paid.
The Judges will meet this morning,
¦when a stenographer will be chosen.
Ther»» are several applicants for the job,
but Hovard Yerr.on will In all probability
be the lucky man.
OLD GLORY A WINNER
AT INGLESIDE PARK
Kellogg's Lady Gilmore Beaten in the
Final by One Point After a
Short Course.
M. Michaliki's Old Glory won the final In
the midweek stake, with E. M. Kellogg**
"Lady Gllmore as runner-up, at Ingle«ide
Coursing Park yesterday. Favorites won
the majority of courses, but the short
ends showed well. The day's results, with
the official scores, follow:
. Midweek stake: E. M. Kellogg's Sweet
Emma beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan. 3— 2H;
Curtis & Sons' Echo beat H. Lynch" s Game
Cock, 4— 2; Beau Peep and Candelaria with
drawn: R. Pringle's Hcnor Bright beat fti. B.
Kavanasrh's Hard Lines, 4—3; M. Michaliki's
Old Glory beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Miss
Cable, ¦ 3—o: H. Lynch's Clairbourna beat P.
O'Brien's Fielder. s—o; Curtis & Sons' Ter
ronette' beat J. H. Perlgo's Carlta Vincent,
s—o; Frank X. Foley's Alarue beat T. Logan's
Miss Grizzle, 7— S; D. Hooper's Morse Patrol
beat McCardy & Mullen's Brent wood Belle
t— o; S. Handy's Lady Hugo beat M. Nealon's
Agamemnon, 3—2; Sam Handy's Twin City
Girl beat F. McComb's Miss Skyrocket. 2 0;
M. Nealon's Athena beat T. A. Gaffney's Sir
John Arnott. 3—o: George Khman's Target beat
J. McNeil's Pearl Mac. 10—6; J. H. Perlgo's
Pennegrant beat J. Flowers* Keystone. s—l;5 — 1;
J. . Holloway's Brian Boru beat Joe Watklns"
Merciless, 10 — 5; Bartel-? Bros.' Betsy Barrow
beat M. Nealon's Aeneas. s—o: Joe Perry's
Commodore Nash beat T. Logan's Leah. s—l;
Bartels Bros.' Banner Bright beat M. Mon
asch's' Golden Cinch. s—l: A. J. Kemp's Re
member Me beat J. McNeil's Captain Byrnes.
7— 6; G. ' Abercrombie's Mlsa Rabbit beat J
Perry'" Olga. 7—l; T. J. McHugh's Moss Rose
beat.F. Moran's Bit of Fashion. 4—2; E.-M.
Kellogg's Lady Gllmore beat F. C. Mack's
Delia M, 3H—l; R. Attrldge's Masterpiece beat
J. H. Periffo's Onward. 4—3: J. H. Perlgo's
Belle Seward beat J. Watkins' Merciful. s—l.
First tie— Echo beat Sweet Emma. 6—4:6 — 4:
Honor Bright.' a bye; Old Glory beat Clalr
bourne. 4—o: Terronlte beat Alarue. 3—2;3 — 2; Lady
Hugo beat Morse Patrol, 3—2:3 — 2: Twin City Girl
beat Athena, 2—l; Fennegrant beat Target. S — 4;
Betsy Barrow b»at Brian Boru. 4—2:4 — 2: Commo
dore Nash beat Banner Bright. 7—4: Miss Rab
bit beat Remember Me. 3 — »: Lady Gllmore
beat Moss Rose. 4—l; Masterpiece beat Belle
Seward. 4—2.4 — 2.
Second tie— Honor Brlsht beat Echo, • 4—o;
Old Glory beat Terronlte, 4—o; Twin City Girl
beat Betsy Barrow, s—l; Pennegrant beat Lady
Hugo, 3—o;3 — 0; Commodore Nash beat Miss Rab
bit, s—l; Lady Gllmore beat Masterpiece 2—o2 — 0
Third tie— Old Glory beat. Honor Bright.' 4— «;
Twin City Girl beat Pennegrant. 3—o; Lady Gll
more beat Commodore Nash, 6—l.
Fourth tie— Old Glory, beat Twin City Girl.
3—o;3 — 0; Lady Gllmore, a bye.
Final— Old Glory beat Lady Gllmore, 3—l
MET TO DISPOSE OF
THE VOLUNTEER FUND
Citizens' Executive Committee De
cides to Erect a Memorial Mon
ument in the Park.
A meeting of the Citizens' Executive
Committee was held j yesterday afternoon
In the offices of Mayor Phelan. All mem
bers of the committee were present. The
object of the meeting was to dispose of
the balance of the subscribed fund on
hand and to settle up the affairs of the
committee.
It was decided that a memorial monu
ment be erected In Golden Gate Park to
the California volunteers of the army and
navy who died In the service of the United
States during the Spanish-American war.
In ;thls connection the following resolu
tion was adopted:
Resolved. That proposals, be invited 1 for a
monument and designs submitted at a cost not
to exceed $25,000. That either drawings or
models may be submitted with specifications
statins what materials are to be used and a
detailed estimate of the coet be sent to the
committee !n care of Henry C. McPlke Esq.,
•405 f Claus Sureckels building. San Francisco.
Cal.. by August 15. 1300. Also that cir
culars be printed and mailed to all artists in
the country. That the committee meet as a
whole when the plans are submitted, and that
all members be present before a selection la
made of the design.
The committee also decided that any
balance left on hand after the monument
is paid for will be turned over to the
ladles of the Red Cross Society, with a re
quest that it be used for the benefit of
California's soldiers and sailors.
The following report from the cashier
of the deposit bank of the Citizens' Exec
utive Committee was received:
SAX FRANCISCO. Dec. 1. 1899.
Citizens' Executive Committee— Gentlemen:
Herewith please find a report of the transac
tions of the Deposit Bank of the Citizens' Ex
ecutive Committee from August 12 (the date of
establishment) till December 1. 1599: Number
of accounts opened, 177; total amount of money
deposited, $37,211 24: total amount of money
withdrawn. $37,211 24: average daily volume of
business, J365; Eastern exchanse procured and
sent to the home address of discharged soldiers
by registered letter. JBS2O 4S; contributions col
lected and turned over to the finance committee,
$197 75. AH accounts have been closed . and
passbooks, returned.
. It may be a source of gratification to you to
know that the bank was greatly appreciated by
the returned soldiers, and from my experience
as cashier I can safely say that the establish
ment of the bank was one of. the most practi
cal works of your committee, for In many In
stances the money deposited there would other
wise have been sauandered. In behalf, of the
soldiers with whom I had dealings I wish to
say that they were most courteous and all were
loud In their praise of the people of San Fran
cisco,, who I have done so . much for their ac
commodation: and comfort. I have ; tried to
carry out your : plan ¦ and fulfill the duties 'of
my 1 office to the best of my ability, and now,
thanking you sincerely * for the tru»t \ you re
posed In me, I am. very respectfully. .
¦ JOSEPHINE T. MOLLOY. -
-,' • Cashier Deposit Bank.
The meeting adjourned until August 15,'
1900. at which time the monument plans
will b« received and considered . __
the sen-Ice of the ladles and escorts not having
business with the Grand Commander)'. In the
evening the Red Cross will be exemplified and
will be followed by a grand banquet.
April 26— The Grand Commandery will *>« 1"
session morning and afternoon. and In the
ev?nlne the Order of the Temple will be ex
emplified. The commandery- of I-«os Angeles has
arranged to ffive all the visiting Sir Knights
a royal good time. There is talk of a trip, to
Catalina. also a trip on the kite-shaped track
and to Mount Ix>we. Arrangements have not
yet been positively made.
April 27— Installation ot officers for the Tem
plar year.
Golden Gate Commandery of this city
has made arrangements to go to the meet
ing place in a special train. There will
be about 100 Sir Knights and as many la
dies. The commander has secured the
first floor of a hotel in Los Angeles for
its exclusive use and will entertain In a
lavish manner.
¦ m •
BISPHAM'S ART
IS UNDENIABLE
The general verdict after yesterday's
concert at the California Theater must
have been that it surpassed the first hi
Interest and effect. Mr. Damrosch was
more than ever happy In his exposition of
Wagner's thought and purpose, and both
Madame Gadskl and Mr. Bispham exceed
ed themselves In their singing of the
music assigned to them.
The theme of the afternoon was "The
Flying Dutchman," which, like "Tann
hauser," is among the composer's earlier
works, but Mr. Damrosch demonstrates
how, even at the period In which the
opera was written, the Wagnerian princi
ples of theme-expression and the subserv
ience of the melodic to the dramatic ele
ment were in more than an experimental
stage. How. much these doctrines were
developed and amplified In the later
music-dramas needs not the telling, but
the extent to which they are used in the
very beginning of Wagner's career Is a
matter of historical and educational In
terest. •
After a few remarks of the legendary
character and origin of the story of the
"Flying Dutchman," Mr. Damrosch began
his setting forth of the Wagnerian ver
sion by an interesting analysis of the over
ture, In which are embodied all the lead-
Ing motives of the opera. He spoke with
pertienco and simplicity, but also with
a certain plcturesqueness of diction that Is
admirably adapted to the poetical charac
ter of his subject.
His ability as a lecturer is balanced to a
nicety by his skill as a pianist, although
he deprecates the applause that his mas
terly playing evokes. In illustrating the
"spinning chorus" yesterday he gave a
brief planlstic Impression of the music
which he ended rather abruptly, and In
lesponse to an enthusiastic demand for a
completion' of the passage said: "If
I had my orchestra with me I would
play It for you, but I am not a pianist
and cannot." And yet this man who says
he Is not a pianist makes more of these
piano scores of Wagner than any ordinary
artist could, and displays the evidences
of an absolute virtuosity.
Mr. Bispham's singing of the Dutchman
was finely artistic and noble in "Its
superb effectiveness. The Intensely dram
atic music of Vanderdecken Is well suited
to his powers and nothing could be better
than his interpretation of It. The high
order of his art is sustained throughout
each and all of his numbers. There ¦is
never the suggestion of weakness nor
careless execution, but Instead.a.contin
ued charm, brilliance and Impressivenesa
that command unlimited admiration.
Mr. Blppham Is not perhaps the greatest
singer that has ever visited San Fran
cisco, but he is without doubt the most
absolute artist. . - ;
Madame Gadskl sang with great charm
yesterday. She was at her very best,
which is saying a great deal. Her inter
pretation of Senta's music is one of sym
pathy and insight. 5 .•.-"'".¦•¦>
There will be a concert at the Califor
nia Theater this afternoon at 2:15. The
subjects are to be "Lohengrin" and "Die
Meisterslnger." •
will regale the drivers In the park. On
the edge, of a cloud Colonel Klrkpatrick
will sail the airy heights at a faster clip
than he ever tore chunks of mud out of
the speed track.- The colonel. ls resigned
to accidents and should he be at the bot
tom of the heap he is satisfied that it will
be nothing but a horse(less) on him.
Al Wleland never did like small boys,
and after many years of waiting hl3
chance has come. The club has a grad
uated system of prizes to be awarded for
greatest number of "kills" and most
picturesque and fanciful "spills." Only
adults will be considered in the rating.
The killing of the young that play on the
park roads will entitle members to a re
mission of dues for a year, but big gam a
must be brought down if medals are to be
worn on the breast. Wleland's only fear is
that of being marooned on one of the:
Stow Lake Islands, with nothing but
water around him. That will hold the fes
tive Al for a while.
Of all the sufferers who will forsake th»
horse Charley Newman is the most philo
sophic.
"I'd Just as lief be behind the air," Is
Charlie's plaint. "They took Maud N
away from me, and where will I see her
FENCE ADVERTISING
WILL BE REGULATED
Supervisors Street Committee Will
Recommend an Ordinance to
That Effect.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
agreed yesterday to recommend for pas-
Rage the Tobin ordinance regulating the
maintenance of fences or structures for
advertising purposes. The report will not
be made until nr-xt week, to permit the ad
. dition of an amendment to the ordinance
txcluding the various ridiculous advertis
ing schemes of sandwich men. caricatures
iuid others now being inflicted upon the
public. The ordinance provides that It
phall be unlawful to maintain a fence, or
other structure of a greater height than
ten feet from the street level for the pur
rose of painting thereon any sign or ad
vertisement or posting thereon bills of any
description. H. L. Green appeared In be
half of the bill posting advertisers. He
presented a communication setting forth
the merits of his side of the case. He was
followed by W. J. Martin, business man
cger of The Call, who represented th<?
publishers and printers of this city In
their petition requesting the passage of
the order. Mr. Martin argued on the
broad lines of beautifying the city and the
elimination of everything that would in
any way mar that beauty. He stated that
the ordinance under consideration was
¦imilar to the San Jose measure. He
favored the passage of an ordinance
similar to one now In effect in New York.
Mr. Green replied that he was willing to
remove all fences over twenty feet high
End agreed that his fences on public prop
erty be restricted to ten feet In height.
Protests were also read against the pre
vailing advertisements in the nature of
cement barrels, unsightly clocks, parties
on stilts and arrayed In various absurd
costumes, ar.d as a result the ordinance
*ill be redrafted to include the prohibition
of those objectionable displays.
The committee also decided In favor of
recommending the conversion of the Hos
pital Park lot into a public park at the ex
pense of the property owners in the vicin
ity, provided the Park Commissioners pre
serve It as such. .
Resolutions will be recommended provid
ing that the Spring Valley Water Works
be directed to take up the four-Inch
water mains In Sunset district and re
place them with eight-Inch mains.
Old Presidio Prison to Be Torn Down.
Two Prisoners Escape From
Their Guards.
• It has been ordered that to-day the
guard at the Presidio will take quarters
in the new guardhouse at the foot of the
Inner parade ground. The new guard
house has been under course of construc
tion for some months, the delay being
caused by various difficulties in getting
the stone and dressing it. It will hold all
the prisoners the Presidio will furnish for
years to come.
It is somewhat difficult to see where the
new guardhouse will flt In the general
plan tor the rebuilding of the post. Tho
plan of rebuilding contemplates a broad
parade plane extending from the present
brick barracks on the west to what is now
officers' row on the cast, with all the
wooden buildings now standing removed.
The headquarters Is to be at the base ot
the hills to the south, as is the hospital.
The flagstaff will be in front of the Head
quarters, and It has generally been sup
posed that the guardhouse . should be
near it so that the guard might be parad
ed at the colors with the prisoners, but
the new guardhouse will be at the other
end of the parade plane and half a mile
away from the headquarters. The new
guardhouse is a modern structure In every
way and is in Its present place for good.
The old guardhouse will probably be torn
down as soon as the quartermaster's de
partment can have it condemned.
Two prisoners brought over from Alca
traz to work on the grounds of the general
hospital escaped from their guards last
Wednesday and have not since been
caught. The guards responsible have been
placed under arrest.
The wall raised over the placing of some
of the dead from the Hancock in the old
volunteer officers' kitchen has resulted In
havine the bodies removed and piled on
top of those already in the old i. M. C.
A. building. Whether It Is better to have
the bodies two deep and making It corre
spondingly- hard to get at those on the
bottom row or place them by themselves
under proper guard In an unused building,
even though at one time It was a kitchen.
Is what the post commander Is waiting to
see decided.
Orders excluding enlisted men from the
UHe of the board walk from the cars to the
officers' quarters have been- revived, and
now the men must use the road or stay
in barracks. The order is a relic of the
times wh»n the volunteers, fresh from
the equality of civil life, took possession
of the walk originally intended for the
officers and made it a trysting place and
a convenient locality for an evening stroll.
The order excluding the enlisted men from
the walk was first put in operation then,
but It coon lapsed Into a state of lnopera
tlon. It was revived for a while a few
months ago and again dropped out of
sight. Now It has been brought up once
more. The regulars of the garrison never
abused the privilege allowed them, but
they have to suffer for those who did, for
the order makes no discrimination.
AUTOMOBILE SPECIALTIES BY CLUB MEMBERS.
f"" it the Smiling Public Will See When
Our New Horseless Carriage Drivers
Roll Through Golden Gate Park to
Slow Music and Active Mishaps.
SCORE of men. automobilious of
temperament :- and daring •of
I \ spirit, forgathered at . the Cliff
I^4 House on Wednesday afternoon
I 1 with the set purpose of organlz
,m Ing an automobile club. Without
? much , ado they, accomplished
their design. And now let the public look
to Its safety, for these men know no fear.
If necessary they will ride the very devil
to the ground and smile at the wake of
their sport.
"Why shouldn't we organize," said J.
M. WJlklns. "We need protection, and
think of , the fun when we all steam on
parade behind Bweet music. Of course,
there'lHbe an accident or two, but what
of that? I may run Into a lamp post and
put it out of business, but what of that?
Lamp' posts only work half the time now,
and we'll furnish enough stars to light
the city."
"What I do not understand," said Her
mann Oelrlchs, "Is the absence of a strong
automobile organization. You have your
automobile coats, and why not the car
riages? With aJI this fair weather we
might enjoy a parade similar to our swell
Fifth-avenue show in New York. Noth
' Ing would please me more than to take
my dear friend, Alec Hamilton, out for
a ride. If the machine jumps the trol
ley the seal rocks would serve as a sta
tion en route to the land of the Geisha,
girls. Alec's fishy tales on the home
coming would at least have a semblance
of truth."
No more talk of fleet-footed "Our Dick"
like again? 'Twas the only horse that
ever won my love, "and I gave her away.
I'm horseless now, so I'll take to the tall
timber and buy an Ought Mo Bill. Some
night when the Maud days are forgotten
I'll go up Strawberry Hill and then come
down again, talking to the dashboard for
company."
The club has expressed Itself as being
on a friendly footing with all equine road
sters. There is no malice prepense in
these riders of the electric or steam cart.
When the park Is studded with the heav
ily tired automobiles every effort will be
made by the owners to court the goodwill
and companionship of the fleet-footed
pacer and trotter. ,
" 'Side by each' we will go together," Is
the refrain to all their songs. "Nay,"
cries the horseman, "you will not."
In the days of the future, when the
crowd gathers on the Cliff House porch,
long coats, pearl buttons and all, the taJk
will not be of . "skivers," "getting away
left foot first," "wigglers," "side-wheel
ers," "went up in the air" and "breaking
thimble straps." It will be "foot pound
pressure," - "gear," "lubricants" and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1900.
WHITE STRIPES
TO BE WORN ON
THEIR TROUSERS
Changes to Be Made in the
Uniforms of the Police
Force.
The lle\r Rules to Bs Adopted by
the Commissioners Will Have
a Tendency to Smarten
the Men Up.
The new rules compiled by the police
eaptaisa .it the request of Chief Sullivan
v.lii be formally adopted by the Com
missioners at their next meeting:. Each
Commissioner was furnished with a copy
at the meeting last Tuesday night, so
as to make himself conversant with them
Lefore their adoption.
Tte most important alteration Is in re
gard to the uniforms. The Chief had no
ticed that as a rule an officer's coat was
In good order, but his trousers were
shabby, which was accounted for by the,
?act that the coats are put away in the
Icekers when the men are off duty, but
the trousers are constantly worn. To put
«n end to this discrimination against the
trousers In future they will have a white
etripe, something like those worn by the
officers In tne regular army. Therefore.
•when a policeman reports off duty he will
have to doff his trousers as well as hla
coat.
The blue chevrons and service stripes
Will also be changed to white, as there
Is difficulty in distinguishing them, ow
ing to the fact that the uniform Is blue
also. The gold service stripes now in use
¦will be retained. The men's coats will
also be worn a little shorter, to within
three Inches above the bend of the knee,
co as to present a smarter appearance.
Captains Instead of wearing a double
breasted coat will wear what is known in
military circles as the service uniform
coat.
The other rules are about the same as
before, although In come instances they
ere made stricter In reference to the men
talking or loitering- on their beats, en
tering saloons and attending theaters.
A notable change has also be?n made
regarding the detectives. Th«»y have been
in the habit of going and coming at their
own pleasure, and often when they were
In demand for a case they could not be
found. Now they have to write on a
Flip where they have gone, the time of
leaving the office and the time of their
return. These slips are kept by the cap
tain, so that he knows at once where to
find any of his men. The detectives for
merly had every alternate Sunday off
duty, liut that is now stopped.
The men must also drill for half an
hour each day. under the supervision of
the new drill instructor. Gaughran. He
ha.« reported to the Chief that the new
pysttm is working well and some of the
heavy-weights are beginning to lose their
rotundity of form. The men are taking
kindly to the exercise.
5
Steam and Electric Vagaries by the Men Who, Will horswear the Horse.
TO TAKE POSSESSION OF
THE NEW GUARDHOUSEGovernor General Davis of Porto Rico has issued
another urgent appeal for food for the starving peo
ple of the island, and thus the tropical paradise the
iingoes said would enrich us all turns out to be an
applicant for charity and begs for the means of sub
sistence.
Congress will please take notice it will avail us very
litt'e to construct the Nicaragua canal, fortified or
unfortified, if we do not provide for building up the
American merchant marine to make use of it
If the Grand Jury cannot find evidence enough in
tlic Fair case on which to base at least one indictment
for perjury, it will be safe betting it could not find an
elephant in an ordinary haystack.
It has been so easy to save the big trees that our
co-operative energies might now be used to advan
mm k, to do something else for the State.
Here he Is enjoying his "well earned
rest."— Fliegende Blaetter. >
PURE FOOD REGULATIONS.
BY the Committee on .Manufactures there has
been submitted to the Senate a report showing
the results of investigations into the adultera
tion of articles of food or drink, together with recom
mendations as to the best means of providing a rem
edy for the evil. The report declares that the practice
of selling adulterated foods and artificial substitutes
for pure foods is widespread. Many of those engaged
in the selling or the manufacture of such adultera
tions or substitutes franjkly admit it, but claim they
are forced to resort to it by the competition of the
market.
Two methods of applying a remedy for the evil have
been proposed. One is to place all important articles
of food or drink under the internal revenue law, as
has been done with butter, cheese and flour. The
other is the establishment in the Department of Ag
riculture of a bureau with authority to fix the stan
dard of purity for foods, drinks and drugs. A part
of this plan provides also for an examination of all
imported articles of food or drink, as it is said
large amounts of adulterated foods of foreign manu
facture are imported and sold here, although their
sale to consumers is forbidden in the countries where
they are manufactured.
Of the two plans proposed the committee favors the
latter. It is conceded the first has worked well so far
as it has been applied, and it is said the pure flour
law has absolutely prevented the sale of adulterated
flour in this country, and, moreover, has so increased
its reputation abroad that the sale of American flour
in foreign markets has increased 25 per cent. Never
theless the committee thinks it would be inexpedient
to put all articles of food under the internal revenue
law, because it would be cumbersome and vexatious
to the trade and to the consumers to require a stamp
to be affixed to every package of foods of all kinds
offered for sale.
The people of the country are not devoted to any
p?rticular plan of action on the subject. Almost. any.
well devised law will suit them, provided it have a
national scope and be fairly enforced. State statutes
or. local ordinances on the subject have proven ut
terly inadequate to deal with the evil. As there is no
way of preventing the import and export of goods
from one State to another, a suppression of the manu
facture of impure foods in any commonwealth has no
other effect than that of conferring an advantage upon
the manufacturers' of, impure foods in other States.
A bureau of the Department of Agriculture having
authority to fix the standard for all articles of food
and drink, and to require all such articles to be rightly
HUMANITY TO THE BOERS.
IN another column we print an appeal to the people
of the United States by the New York committee,
of which Hon. George M. Van Hoesen is chair
man. ,
Judge Van Hoesen is of an old New York Knick
erbocker family, dating from the -first Dutch settle
ment in New Amsterdam. After a successful expe
rience in journalism in lowa when a young man, he
returned to New York and entered upon the success
ful practice of the law, and in due time was elected to
the bench, and served in the judicial office with high
distinction for a long term of years.
We give this sketch of his career to properly dif
ferentiate him from the crowd of self-seeking poli
ticians who use the Boer question merely as a useful
play upon the sentiment of hereditary enmity to Eng
land. Judge Van Hoesen, like the majority of Ameri
cans, would feel no differently toward the two South
Alrican republics if their enemy were Germany, Rus
sia or France.
It must be remembered that the Boer population is
not numerous. Women are in the trenches fighting
by. the side of their husbands, fathers and sons for the
liberty of their country and the integrity of their fire :
sidesi Want, illness and suffering are abroad among
them. No cause has ever appealed more strongly to
the humane sympathies of the world than theirs.
Some Americans, with much ostentation, have con
tributed a hospital ship and stores to Great Britain.
They, are going up to the help of Goliath against
David. Let the masses of our people show their
sympathy with the weak against the strong. 'This
great republic should not hesitate to succor the dis
tressed farmers of South Africa who are in. straits and
misery in the midst of the agonies of defense against
the world's greatest empire. .
The people of all nations have been thrilled not
only by their courage and endurance under suffering,
but by. their; own humanity toward the soldiers of
their mighty enemy. English authorities have been
compelled to disclose the kindness shown by Boers to
the British- wounded on the battle-field. Boer sol
diers have given their last mealie and drop of. water
to suffering English soldiers who fell smitten in -ac
tion.
They have shown no spirit of revenge, nor have
they been careless of the demands of a humane spirit,
in the midst of their own misfortunes.-
Surely that widespread sympathy for the abused
Cubans which swept over this country in 1898 was not
a fleeting show, a passing fashion! : Pity's sweet foun
tain in the hearts of our people" must still be affluent,
and we count surely upon the extension of substan
tial aid and comfort to the people embattled upon the
far veldts of j Africa, whose stout hearts have not
quailed in their awful loneliness among the nations.;
It is a pleasure to certify the high character, of the
New York committee and to assure Californians that
whatever funds are intrusted to Judge Van Hoesen
will produce for every dollar a hundred cents' worth
of benefit to the people who need from the people of
the world that friendship which is denied to them by
the nations of the world. ¦>
Fashion from Paris.
STYLISH EVENING DRESS.
The dress represented Is mauve liberty
satin, the decollete trimmed with draped
moussellne de sole: the skirt, with an
open tunic edged with flat pleats, and the
underskirt and apron of Pompadour silk.
There is a guipure flounce round the bot
tom, braided with chinchilla in front. The
sleeves are tied with black velvet.
and their relative weights are announced
for the examination for copyists j^tp be
held March 14: Handwriting- 5, writing
from dictation 2, copying from rough
draft 2, experience 1; total 10. No par
ticular style of penmanship is preferred.
The mark will be determined by legibil
ity, accuracy, quickness and neatness.
For errors in spelling, capitalisation.punc
tuation, omissions, additions or substitu
tions in writing from dictation deductions
will be made. Experience will be deter
mined by a satisfactory proof of continu
ous and faithful employment as a copyist
or In similar work. . .^v
labeled with the name of the manufacturer, the time
and place of_ manufacture, and the nature and ingre
dients of the article contained in the package, would
doubtless prove a sufficient remedy. At any rate it
is one well worth trying, and it is to be hoped a law
to that effect will be enacted -at this session of Con
gress.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL» FRIDAY, M AKCM «, l«uu.
Rules for Examination Papers.
The Civil Service Commission has issued
a ' set of rules • for ' marking * the ' examina
tion ' papers, and the * following subjects
City Hall Not for Social Purposes.
The Board of Public Works has adopted
a rule which Is Intended 'to prohibit the
use of chambers in the City Hall for so
cial or private purposes. Heretofore dra
matic and • other clubs have used the
rooms and "'the city's gas for rehearsals
and business meetings, but the new rule
will put a stop to the practice. The Chief.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PLAN TO WIPE OUT
MUNICIPAL DEFICIT
Contemplates Large Loan by Citizens
to the City and a Bond Issue
to Repay It. ;^
.The Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday listened to a proposed method
suggested by the North End Improvement
Association to relieve the. present munici
pal financial stringency. The. plan con
templates the loan of $250,000 to the Jcity
by a number of public-spirited citizens, to
be repaid b>\the issuance of bonds. . Edgar
Painter, who represented. Andrea Sbar
boro.. president of the | association, stated
the latter gentleman had assurances from
several citizens and* business houses of a
large subscription to the fund. The com
mittee directed Mr. Painter to secure the
necessary -pledges by responsible- and
bona fide signatures and when the amount
had been subscribed it would recommend
to the board that an election be called for
the bond issue to cover the loan. The $250,
000 Includes the sum of $20,000 to defray the
expenses 'of the election. ¦. . .;
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
John J. Doyle. U. S. N., is at the Occi
dental. - .
Dr. Douglas Brown of New York is at
the Palace. .:<¦,:
Frank Barrett, a banker of Palo Alto, is
at the Lick.
John Spars of Reno, Nev., Is registered
at the Palace.
J. B. Treadwell of Bakersfleld Is a guest
at the Occidental. ,-'":>:•
Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan Is regis
tered at the Palace.
Marion Biggs Jr., a capitalist of Oro
ville, is at the Grand. -
:W. E. Duncan, a wealthy mining man of
Oroville, is at the Lick.
W. A. Veth, a prominent wine, man of
Fresno, is at the_ Grand.
Dr. G. G. Shannon, a leading physician
of Tulare, Is at the Lick.
-Mr. and Mrs. A.W. Foster of San Ra
fael are staying at the Palace.
;'• J. W.Barbbur, a speculator Id the Han
ford oil lands, is at. the Lick.
J..A. Chase, a prominent merchant of
San Jose, Is a guest at the Palace. ' -
D. J. Crowley, a wealthy business man
of Tacoma,-is registered at the \ Grand. .
Bids for Street Lighting.
City Attorney Lane yesterday Informed
the Board of Supervisors that, notwith-
standing the fixing of the rates for gas
and electric lighting.. it la. under the char-
ter, the duty of the board each year to
call for bids for such service to be sup-
plied to the city and county. - . ? , ,
Incredible but True.
Passengers on the Union Pacific .'t>er!andl
Limited" can leave San ¦ Francisco fourteen -
hours later and arrive in Chicago nearly fly«
hours earllw than those via any other line.
D. W. Hltchroch.' General Agent. 1 Mwitgom- ;
«ry streat. San Francisco. " . £
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestibuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via, Santa Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Ctlca*o and Kansas . City every . Sunday. ;
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston, Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday.' To St. LouH ,
every Sunday.. To St. Paul every Sunday and*
Friday. Ticket' o^nco, «S Market street.
"Mr*. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Hu be«n used for fifty yean by millions of
mothers ( for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child. ' soften*
the; gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu-
lates the Bowel* and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sura and ask for Mrs.
Wfnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
Sanchez Is Convicted.
Arthur I. 'Sanchez was found. guilty of
an attempt to criminally assault Miss
Jean Glassman yesterday. He will be *en-
tenced Saturday.
Since the Board of Education has taken to fining
teachers. for "a grave breach of discipline in not sus
taining the board," we have a new illustration of the
Kaiser William way in which things are going under
the new charter. It may be good discipline to force
teachers to support the board in everything it does,
but it is very poor taste and falls a long way short of
personal liberty.
Camera Supplies.
We have added camera supplies to our
artists' material department. Everythins
wanted In draughtsmen's and architects"
euppUes, artists' materials and equipment?
for amateur photography is kept In this
department. The prices and goods ar*
right on all the things. we sell. Sanborr,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •* • .
WEDDING BELLS
RING MERRILY
Nuptials of Dr. Brown and
Miss Hillyer Surprise
Their Friends.
Quietly and without word of Intimation
to their many friends Miss Helen Hlllyer
and Dr. Philip King Brown were married
on "Wednesday afternoon in . Mrs. Phebe
Hearst's apartments in the. Hearst build
ing. Supreme Judge Harrison performed
the cefemony and Dr. Horatio Stebbins
pronounced the benediction. The fair
young ' bride is a Bister of Mrs. Fann!o
Hlllyer Deuprey and the protege of Mrs.
Hearst. Dr. Brown is one of the best
known of the younger physicians of tuis
city.. He is the son of Dr. Charlotte Blake
Brown and a brother of Dr. Adelaide
Brown.
Dr. and Mrs. Brown have left for an ex
tended Eastern tour, and it will be fully
six months before their friends will wel
come them home again.
Miss Hattie Klnkly. a belle' of Redding.
was married on Sunday, February 25, to
Charles Edgar Hand, private secretary to
the Johnson-Locke Mercantile Company
of San Francisco. The couple, were united
by Judge Carroll Cook at his court cham
bers. William Roberts, a friend of the
groom, and Miss Marie Klmball of Red
ding, the bride's best friend, were called
upon as witnesses, and were the only ones
let into the secret.
After the ceremony the bride returned
to her home in Redding, where Bhe ex
pected to remain for the present. But the
secret was too good to keep, and now
every one knows It. The charming youn«
bride Is a brunette with a mass of wa\—
dark hair. She Is extremely popular with
the young set. Mr. Hand will shortly go
to Redding for his bride and they will
leave for New York to reside.
Special information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by thi
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The Filipinos are not putting up as brave a fight as
the Boers, but they will probably be able to keep at
it longer, and in the end make it about as costly zo
us as. the Transvaal war is to, the British. ~H%'^]
Townsend's Cal. glace fruits and cholco-
candiea back to Palace Hotel, 639 Market.*
A PARADOX.
Herr Muller was a Government clerk,
and when he retired on a pension ths
newspapers published a paragraph tQ this
effect:
"After working thirty years in Govern
ment offices Herr Muller retires to private
life, and will, with his wife, enjoy a well
earned rest."
This shows Herr -Muller at work, and
SANITARY POLITICS.
THE straining for effect on the part of Mayor
Phelan's board of political health and his
Chief of Police has provoked the whole city,
outside ihe bum brigade which spends its time in al
nrnately tom-toming the Mayor's fame and kow
towing when the little great man walks abroad.
The Chinatown quarantine proceedings and the evil
repute of the Board of Health have put the city in a
very embarrassing position. The motives of that
Luard have been exposed, its threats of coercion of
tho Supervisors to get more money are made public,
and now there is a feeling that it is entirely capable of
falsifying the revelations of a scientific investigation
01 the deiid Chinaman's glands, if, indeed, it have the
ab ; lity to make any scientific investigation at all. The
board stands discredited and under permanent sus
picion. San Francisco is advertised to the ends of tha
c:rth as an infected city, before there was a single
fact known to justify it. Ships for other seaports will
b< refused a clean bill of health from this harbor, and
travel will be suspended or checked at a season when
it- presence is most desirable.
As far as the Chief of Police is concerned his
blockade was a dress parade, a false pretense and a
fham. Hundreds of Chinese escaped it. passed his
r<*pe barrier and his line of sentries, and. if there were
infection in the Chinese quarter, had the chance to
c: rry it to thousands of white people all over the city.
Tiic blockade, therefore, served no purpose as a pro
tiction to the city. and. was a sham of the flimsiest
kind. But, .vhile it served no good purpose and was
no protection to our population if the pretext for ii
really existed and the plague were present, it inflicted
th* ultimate of harm upon the city by flashing abroad
a< a certainty that pestilence was upon us. The
Mayor's organ, the Examiner, was quick to spread
the news throughout the East and to back the follies
of its political pets to the utmost. Bad news travels
last, and while San Francisco is being posted all
around the world as a plague city, the Mayor's Board
of Health is leisurely doing politics. It has taken the
platids of a Chinaman who died after a month's ii 1 1 —
ikss. supervening upon a chronic ailment of longer
standing, and has inoculated a guinea-pig with them
and is waiting for the pig to die! It is highly prob
able that infection with either the chronic or acute
diseases that were in partnership in destroying the
Chinaman will kill the guinea-pig. The microbe of
bubonic plapue is as discernible in the glands of a
humr-n victim as in the body of a guinea-pig.
One does not need to isolate Mayor Phelan's Board
of Health and Chief of Police and inoculate a hog
with them to identify them as political microbes in
the body politic of San Francisco, who are under sus
picion even when they are right. If the Board of
Health had good reason for the scare and quarantine
the blockade maintained was without efficiency,
through the failure of the police to maintain it"". If
the Hoard of Health found the plague in Chinatown
the Chief of Police allowed it to escape and roam
the whole city at will. If the Chinese carry it about
tbem. it entered the kitchens of hundreds of homes
and hotels all over town, in the person of Chinese
cooks and waiters, who found it easier to run the
blockade than to win at fantan against a white player
who had never seen the game before.
INSURANCE SCHEMES
of Railroads.
The Call does. not hold itself responsible for
th« opinions published In this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general Interest.
Editor The Call— l have noted with care
all that has been published regarding the
independent • Insurance scheme of the
Southern Pacific Railway Company, lim
ited to its employes. Certain recent oc
currences, not necessary to detail here,
called my attention to the , fact that up
to this time no employe of that com
pany aged or disabled in its service has
ever become a public charge in the State
of California nor been compelled to enter
a' poorhouse.
Its present Insurance scheme is of in
terest to me as a taxpayer and to all my
fellow citizens of California who are tax
payers. It takes in all present employes,
without medical examination, regardless
of age and physical condition, though at
least 60 per cent of them would be barred
out of participation in any other form of
insurance. If killed in the service of the
company I believe the indemnity is S3OOO,
and the ordinary death Indemnity Is $1500.
I believe, also that hospital facilities go
with the system. The great Pennsylva
nia Railroad has for years operated a
similar scheme, and out of its experience
and accumulations has now. been able to
add a pension system to aged and inca
pacitated employes, who retire from ac
tive service upon a pension that assures
their support and makes them independ
ent of charity.
Now, as a citizen I approve and applaud
the institution by a great corporation of
such a scheme as assures to ita thousands
of. employes immunity from pauperism, no
matter what accident and incapacity may
befall them. By enforcing the habits of
temperance and thrift necessitated by
such a system it becomes an ally of pub
lic morals and by securing Its employes
against the need of charity it relieves the
taxpayer. ¦:
I wish that such a system might be
made 1 common to all corporations and
companies and individuals which employ
large numbers of men, for it would in
crease the number of perfectly independ
ent-men and families in the community
and decrease the numbers of the needy
and dependent.
I hope that eventually a Southern Pa
cific pension system will grow out of this
and that thereby the lives of its thousands
of employes may be delivered. of much of
the care which is upon men.
JOHN P. IRISH.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GUANO— Merced. Cal. .For the Informa
tion about guano from the Clrpperton
Islands, a communication should be ad
dressed to Macondray & Co., this city.
FIVE-DOLLAR PIECES-^F. M.. City.
This department has on several occasions
announced that no premium is offered for
United State* tS pieces coined after 1334.
THE TRAXXijiQ SCHOOL— M. W.. Bls
bee. Ariz. The naval training school on
the Pacific Coast Is not at Palo Alto, but
is located on Yerba Buena or "Goat" Isl
and in the bay of San Francisco.
PRISONER OF ZEXI>A— B. H. J.. Ala
meda, Cal. Th© first edition of the '"Pris
oner of Zenda" was issued in 1393. -The
play was first produced in New York City
In 1896, so this department is Informed.
McKINLEY'9 PARENTS— A. O. 8..
City. The father of President McKlnley
was born on the Dougherty farm. Wolf
Creek Township. Mercer County. Penn
sylvania. His mother was born on a farm
eight miles from New Lisbon. Ohio.
A CALIFORNIA BANDIT— C. M. 8..
Davenport, lowa. In the early days there
was a bandit in California known as Joa
quln Murletta. There was, after his cap
ture by Sheriff Hnrry Love, a book of his
life of the dime novel order issued in San
Francisco. ________
CURRENTS-nJ. C. City. The swiftness
of bay currents depends upon conditions.
The difference of surface and under-cur
rents can be told only by observation and
sounding: of the particular current. ¦ The
depth at which motion or perceptible mo
tion of water ceases can be told only by
experiment.
MELTED LEAD— M. J. H.. City. Lead
has to be heated to KM degrees before it
melts or 333 degrees more heat than It re
quires to boil water. The human hand
cannot be placed In boiling lead without
injury to it. It is likely that you have
your idea of placing the hand in
melted lead from the side degree of some
secret society, where to, test the courage
of the candidate, he is required to "thrust
his hand intd a pot of molten lead" and
when he does It he finds that he has plac
ed It in a pot of mercury, which, in the
dim light and the surroundings of the
lodge rooms, has the appearance of what
it purports to be. '."-%
DAUGHTERS OF THE REVOLUTION
—Subscriber, City. The- General Society
¦was organized in the city of New York
August 20, 1891. Eligibility. to membership
is restricted to 'women who are lineal de
scendants of an ancestor who was a mil
itary or naval or marine officer, soldier,
sailor or marine In actual service under
the authority of any of the thirteen colo
nies or States, or of the Continent*! Con
gress.
In the Daughters of the American Rev
olution any woman may be eligible for
membership who Is of the age of eighteen
years, and who is descended from an an
cestor who, "with unfailing loyalty, ren
dered material aid to the cause of inde
pendence as a recognized patriot, as sol
dier or sailor, or as a civil officer in ona
of the several colonies or States, or of the
United Colonies or States." provided t'.iat
the applicant shall be acceptable to tha
society. Every application for member
ship must be indorsed by at least one
member of the national society, and is
then submitted to the registrars general,
who report on the question of eligibility
to. the board of management, and upon
its approval the applicant is enrolled as a.
member. .- ; - :. ?
GETTING READY FOR WORK.
WHILE Republicans in all parts of the Union
are confident the coming election will result in
an overwhelming defeat of the Bryanites, they
are not going to take any chances of losing a single
Congressman through a neglect of organized . work;
All reports are to the effect that throughout the East
the party is preparing for an earnest and -vigorous
campaign, animated by a desire to rid the country of
the mischievous free silver agitation for the rest of
this generation. . .
;It T is not yet clear upon what issues the coming
contest will be fought, although it is certain the re
nomination of Bryan will give ah immense importance
to the money question, and that it may be again, as
it was in 1896, the dominant question in the minds of
the voters. It is well known, however, that many
Democratic leaders are groping for a new issue, being
sagacious- enough to know that another fight for free
silver will be equivalent to marching through a
slaughter-house to an open grave. It is therefore
likely the tactics of the opposition will be to confuse
the campaign by a multitude of issues, leaving' the
candidates and stump speakers in each district to give
prominence to the one most likely to be favored in
that locality. .
¦'¦¦ Such being the case, we shall probably have the sil
ver question put prominently forward in the silver
States and in the. South, where the Democrats are
generally in favor of imperialism, while anti-imperial
ism and anti-trust* issues will be made conspicuous
in the East. Thus the Republicans will have to con
front something like a guerrilla warfare, and must be
prepared for it.
It is evident that such tactics on the part of the
Bryanites will be more dangerous to candidates in
Congressional districts than to Presidential electors.
It is quite, possible: the .election should result in an
overwhelming victory for the national ticket and yet
leave the Republicans with a minority in the House
of Representatives.- By carrying one district for free
silver and imperialism, and another district for anti
trust and anti-imperialism, the Democrats, while
being divided among themselves, might after all pre
vent that complete Republican victory which is essen
tial for the best interests of, the country.
The important point of the campaign, therefore, is
to assure victory in the Congressional districts. To
that end 'everything shouldbe done to provide for
thorough 'organization and complete harmony in the
party ranks. The greatest care should be taken 10
assure nominations for Congress that will be satis
factory to the rank and file of the party. Nothing in
the way of snap judgment, boss rule or faction trick
ery in the selection of candidates for Congress should
be permitted. The party must put forward as its lead
er^' strong, able and upright men in every district, or
we, may have the chagrin of seeing a Democratic ma
jority in a Congress elected in a year of Republican
prosperity.
/ddress Ali Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manzger
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
President Wheeler is quite right in - desiring the
Berkeley team of track athletes to go East to com
pete with the teams of Eastern universities, but his
argument on the subject, "I wish you to show the
East we 'are civilized out here, and this is one of the
best ways to do it," is rather curious. Why send a
team to show the Easterners we are civilized? Why
not send it just fibr the fun of licking the tenderfeet?
Dr. Eltzholtz has made a
study of plague cases for five
years in India and will tell
in next Sunday's Call some
facts as interesting as they
are astonishing. The article
will be illustrated by pictures
from the doctor's own private
collection. Remember this
story is written by one who
knows and is upon a matter
of vital importance to every
Californian.
ANOTHER IMPERIAL PENSIONER.
THE country has become reconciled to paying
the ' Mahometan Sultan of Sulii and his chiefs
a pension of $10,000 a year for consenting to let
the stars and stripes float- over his •harem and his
slaves. General Wheeler has visited and dined with
our Sultan and reports the feed good and hi 3
Majesty's hospitality fair for those parts.
This being settled, we are now extending our.im
perial pension system to the ex-Queen of Hawaii.
The diplomatic appropriation bill provided for pay
ing her a lump sum of $250,000. On the motion of
Senator Hoar this has been amended to a cash pay
ment of $20,000 and an annual pension of $10,000.
We heartily approve of this pension, for it. is an. ac
knowledgment of the illegality and injustice of our
overthrow of her sovereignty, and theft of her coun
try.
The so-called revolution of 1893 was nothing more
nor less than the overthrow by an American naval
commander and man-of-war of a Government with
which we were at peace and in diplomatic relations,
and the independence of which we had guaranteed by
solemn treaty. There was no revolution. There was
a conspiracy between foreigners domiciled in Hawaii
and the American Minister and the commander of the
Boston. It was an exact counterpart of the Jameson
raid»upon the Transvaal, with the sole difference that
our Government made no pretense of disavowal,
while England did have sufficient regard for interna
tional decency to call Rhodes and Jameson to ac
count.
But we then proceeded upon the pretense that the
people of Hawaii had by revolution overthrown a
dynasty and proclaimed a republic. That genius of
evil, Senator Morgan of Alabama, made his cele
brated speech about crowns that fall in this hemis
phere lying where they drop. Dole took over to him
self the Queen's estate in the crown lands, and as pub
lic property captured the regalia and muniments of
the ancient royalty and sold them at auction for junk.
He seized the great Hawaiian flag, made of silk and
presented as a personal gift to the Queen by the na
tive ladies, and gave it to the daughter of Congress
man Berry of Kentucky.- If it were public property
he had no right to give it away. If it were not pub
lic property Miss Berry is in possession of stolen
goods.
After all these acts and pretenses have ended in an
nexation of the islands as something their sovereignty
in the Dole Government had a right to do, the United
States Congress admits that it was by robbery and
not by right that the Queen was despoiled, and com
pels our people to pay her conscience money down
and a pension of $10,000 a year!
It is an act of justice to her, though there is, no law
nor constitutional authority for such use of the public
funds. It is an admission that we wronged her, that
we took from her that to which we had no right. It
can b« justified on no other ground. If the annexa
tion of Hawaii were what the Government pretended
it was, an agreement with a justly established foreign
sovereignty that had a right to merge with ours, we
would be under no legal nor moral obligation to pay
the Queen any sum whatsoever. The resolution of
annexation neither created nor recognized any such
obligation. By it we agreed to pay President Dole's
debts, amounting to about $5,000,000, and that was
the sole financial responsibility which we assumed by
law.
The Call has held to this view of the proceeding
from the beginning, and is amply justified ' by thi*
proposition to pay a pension for a sovereignty which
this Government pretended had passed to it by as
sent and not by purchase. It is an admission that the
honorable course for the United States would have
been to replace the Queen in possession of her sov
eteignty, of which our Minister and our navy had de
prived her, nnd then negotiate with her Government
for annexation, if that policy were desirable. But we
did not do this. We treated the Dole Government as
of right in power, and according to the theory upon
which we took over the islands we should pension
Dole instead of the Queen.
AN APPEAL FROM THE BOERS.
~T~\ DITOR The Call— The New York committee to aid "the allied republics of
H South Africa invites the co-operation of the citizens of the United States
-LJ- in- giving all. encouragement. and assistance .consistent with the neutrality
laws to the sorely tried "patriots in their fight for freedom.
v The conscience of our country and the world revolt* «t the spectacle of a civil
ised and Christian nation engaged in the awful work of destroying the two small
republics and exterminating their people. fflfSßfifßSSLi-*-- *i£~ r - •
Within - the last r three months one hundred masa-meetings have been held
throughout tho United States, which have been attended by, over 1,000.000 citizens,
at which the friendly offices of this Government have been invoked In the inter
ests of mediation and peace. Up to the present time President McKlnley has net
felt Justified in giving ear to these appeals. ;. *¦-• . ."" •'-
; ; We therefore urge the citizens of th«j United Btates to continue to hold mass
meetings, for the purpose of informing the national administration of the true sen
timent of the American people in regard to this cruel and unwarranted assault up
on the liberty of two Independent republics. .' - '« .' . _
This organization, having established headquarters at the Morton House. Union
square,* New; York, irequests the various Transvaal committees throughout tne
country, to enter Into*, correspondence with our secretary for the purpose of. Joint
political-action and national organization upon this most urgent question.
We ask to be informed of public demonstrations, and n will . supply petitions,
pamphlets, etc.7 giving authentic Information of the causes of the war. We strong
ly, recommend that every possible means by petition 'and otherwise should be util
ized by sympathisers with the South African republics to influence our Senators
and Representatives at Washington in the Interest of mediation and peace.
Immediate financial assistance :s abiolutely necessary to enable this commute^
to carry on its work of education and philanthropy. 'We are acting in accord with
the Netherlands Red Cross and the Widows', and Orphans' Funds, whose recognized
representatives are members of our executive committee.
All contributions , in behalf of tho purposes of. this organization will be imme
diately acknowledged by Klllsen : Van Rensselaer, treasurer, 56 Wall street, New
York City, and in the public press. Sympathizers with the Boer cause are request
ed to write for literature, etc, to the-secretarles,' Morton House. Union square.
New York City. GKORQE M. VAN HOESEN, Chairman.
P. A/. MOYNAHAN, Secretary. . <: r.:^-: . . .
of. Police was requested to see that the
rule be enforced, and he has Issued or
ders to the watchman to see that no
clubs use the rooms In the future. This
action has made the owners of halls jubi
lant.
is thin blood. Itcauses pale
faces, white lips* weak nerves
and lack of vitality. A blood-
enriching, fat producing
food-medicine is needed.
goes to ihe root of the
trouble, strengthens arid en-
riches the blodd, and builds
up the entire system.
For Anemic, girls, thin
boys, and enfeebled mothers,
it is the Standard:" remedy.
¦ joe and $1.00, all droifj'^ 1 ' .
SCOTI t UOWNE. ChemUu, NewT>«»%
FRIDAY MARCH 9, 1900
11 ULICATIU> OFFICE.. Market smd Third. 8. P.
Telephone Slat* ISO!*.
TUTORIAL nnOMS 217 to 221 Stercnaao St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Mellvered f»v Carrier*. 15 Ce»t« Per Weeta.
Mnclc Cople*. S Cent*.
Term- by Mall. Inclndlnc I'o«(nitei
flttl.Y CAI.I< «fticlmMnsr Sunday), one yenr . .lin.Ort
DAILY CAM, (inrlDdlnE Bnnday>. *i month*.. S.OO
DAILY CAM. (Incladlasr Snnd«» ». 3 month*.. I.SO
DAILY CALL. — By Slnjgle Month Csc
M M)A\ CALL. One Year J -•"•«»
UiXKLV CALL One Year « 1.00
All postmaatem are unthorUed to receive
• übsrrlptlooa.
tn tuple copies will be forwarded when reaneateil
UAKLAAD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. OUOIH.T. KHOOES9.
Manager Forclcn AdTertlntnar. Mar«nett« Bnlld-
Uc. Cblraiv.
KEW YORK COHHKSPOjrDEWTt
C. C. CAULTOS IlersUd Sanaro
RKW YORK UErKESESTATIVEI
I'CIUIY LI'KK» JR 2» Trlbnne Bnlldlnaj
CHICAGO Mi\V» STASRSi
SheTtnan Honaei P. O. News Co.i Great JTorth
rtu Hotel; Fremont Boniei Auditorium Hotel.
JEW YORK NEWS STAJfDSi
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel i A. Breatatao. 31 Union
B«maret Murray 11111 Hotel.
Washington OJ. C> OFFlCE. .TVelllntrton Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
fiRASCH OFFICE!*— 627 Montgomery. <•««»» of
Clny, open until Os3O o'clock. SOO Hayea.
open until *»::»< o'clock. «»» McAllister, open
until »«3O o'clock. ttlS Larkln, open nntll
WxtiO o'clock. IH4I Mission, open i:ntll 1O
o'clock. 2261 Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until U o'clock. IUUO Valencia, open nntll U
o'clock. 11MJ Eleventh, opea nntll © o'clock.
KW. corner- Twenty-second and Kentucky.
op«?T: until 1> o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Old Homeete&d."
California— "Darkest Russia."
California— Operatic concert this afternoon,
Tivoll— "The Idol's Eye."
OtTh^um— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-hou»e — "The Girl From Parla."
Alccrar— "Never Aitaln."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
*Ten!n£.
Olympla. corner of Mason and Eddy streets— SpeclalUea.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano ttecital Saturday afternoon.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. kouderbark— This evening, at S o'clock. Paint-
ings, at <34 Mas^jn street.
6PASO ROBLESs H^ o ,
WILL CUKE RHEUMATISM,
BLOOD. LTVER. KIDNEY and STOMACH
DISORDERS. Elecant hotel accommodations.
Famous mud baths. Special round -trip rebaia
tickets. Apply FRANK W. ELY. Agent. M)
Market st.
WINTER RESORT.
In the Divorce Court.
Mary E. Timmons, was granted a di
vorce from William Timmons by Judge
Daingerfleld yesterday on the ground of
willful neglect. Mary D. Geick has been
granted a divorce from Frederick A. A.
Gelck on tho ground of extreme cruelty.
Charles F. Suss has iKen granted a di
vorce from Susie Suss on the ground of
desertion. Suits for divorce have been
filed by Ellen Elche against Peter Elche
for failure to provide, Edith E. Lansing
against Charles J. Lansing for desertion
and Ernestine G. Pepper against • Georse
H. Pepper for desertion. -
ALCAZAR THEATER.
A HOWLING SUCCESS!
YOU CAN'T RESIST, LAUGHING.
THE SAUCY. FUNNY FARCE.
15c, 25c ."ifKff ° 35c, 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEFK.
PALACE
AND
GRAND
HOTELS
r^ocated on Market
street. In close
proximity to busi-
ness section, places
of amusement antf
depots; 1100 rooms,
M 0 trtth baths at-
tached. The largest
and flnert hotels in
the world. Ameri-
can and European
plan.
of confidence. The river here Is about up
to its natural bank, and the rise of twen
ty-three feet reported at Red Bluff will
probably ctve a very high water. The
total rainfall for the season is 13.91. At
this time last year it was only 6.93.
MONTEREY. March B.— The rainstorm
that has existed in this section at Inter
vals for the past ten days seems to have
tajten a freßh start, and present, indica
tions point to a continuous downpour. Al
most two inches has fallen during the
storm and Incalculable benefit has been
the result. ¦ ' ¦¦¦ ------ _ -
CALTSTOGA. March B.— Rain has been
falling continuously here for the- past
forty-eight hours and up to noon to-day
5.34 inches had fnllen, making a total for
the season of 35.12, as compared with 16.38.
last year. The roads are almost impussa-
SONOMA, March B.— Rain which began,
falling Saturday " has continued at inter
vals for the past five days- ending this
morning. The total for the storm is 2.55
Inches; for the season 23.69; same time
last year 11.96. The heaviest downpour
occurred | last night. Before daylight 1.14
Inches had fallen.- : ¦. -
SACRAMENTO. March B.— The rainfall
in this city during the twenty-four: hours
preceding 10 o'clock this, morning amount
ed to almost one inch; making for thfs
season 15.52 inches, as against 7.93 inches
to an equal date last year: and 15.02 inches
for the entire season of 1898 and ISD9. - The
rain In the mountains : was very heavy
during the twenty-four hours ending at 7
o'clock this morning. • •". The - fall \at Emi
grant Gap : ; amounted to 3.30 ¦ Inches; at
Blue Canyon 2.52 Inches; Towles 3.02
inches. Colfax also had * 3 inches. The
storm was general throughout the valley.
The weather is warm and clearing..
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
THIS AFTERNOON AT !:».
THIS EVENING AT 8:30 O'CLOCK.
NO3BIS & ROWE'S BIG TRAINED
ANIMAL SHOWS.
SEE FRISCO, the Smallest Shetland la th*
SEE THE ANIMAL FIRE DEPARTMENT
SEE THE EXCITING RACES.
BRING THE CHILDREN THIS AFTERNOON.
A CLEAN, MORAL. EXHIBITION. *
PRICES— ADULTS. 25c.
PRICES— CHILDREN. 19c
I do not believe there
is a case of dyspep-
aia, indigestion cr
any stomach trouble
that cannot be rc-
liovH at once end
permanently cured
by my DYSPEPSIA
CURE.
MUNYON.
At all drapffists,
25c. a t!qL Guide
to Hrnkh and medi-
cal odvlce fre«\ 1503
Arch street, Pbila.
The Greatest Bill in a Year!
THE SMBDLEY SKETCH CLUBI
imperial 1 roupe of Moorish Acrobats.
Ten In Number.
ANNA WHITNEY: NEWHOUSE & WARD:
THE FRANKS TRIO; PAULINE MORAN;
TROVOLLO; THE DANCING PASSPARTS.
THE
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH !
—DO NOT MISS THE —
NEW BOER WAR VIEWS —
Reserved Beats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
SAND CENTRIFUOAL PUMPS:
In Ooeratlon Dally, 6J5 Sixth Street.
BYROiY JACKSON.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
AinrsEME^rra.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
Furniture,
Carpets,
Friday and Saturday Spe-
cials*
Umbrella Stands -Solid oak.
with brass cup, regularly $1.50 each-
while quantity on hand 1a5t5...... 750
Parlor . lable — Solid quarter-
sawed oak, top 18 inches in diameter,
regularly $3.5." — special for two days..
Parlor Csb'not— Mahogany finish.
I with three French plate mirrors, regu-
larly $12— special for two days...
....:. $8.25
Enamel fed- Full size, with wire
and top mattress, regularly $15— spe-
cial for two day?, complete, f0r.....,,'..
........$19,2*
Parlor Suite— Five pi»ces, mahog-
any finished frame, upholstered in cor-
duroy and velours, regularly < 27.50 -
special for two days $22.50
MOQUOtte Rugs- 27x54 inches,
floral designs, regularly $2.5)- special
for two days.. ....SI.SO
Art Sauares— Wool filling, heavy
and durable - 9 feet by 9 feet,
$3 60 ; 9 feet by 10 feet 6 inches..
...„. ;. $4.2 j
T: nostry OarpetS— Handsome
floral designs, all new patterns, regu-
larly 65c the yard — special price now.:
.......450
All-wool Ingrains— Per yard ...
.500
Two carloads V^ew Carpets just
received.
Second Floor — 'Rear.
Friday Only.
Special Sale of
Stikolinesm
2000 yards of Silkoline came onr way at a
, very special price. It is one yard wide
and" there are 10 different patterns in
the lot, all of them new— closely re-
eembles silk — suitable for quilts, com-
forters and all kinds of draperies.
Worth about one - halt
more than to-day's special iB - /
price, per yard "a©
Curtain Tiep't—OAain Floor.
Friday Only.
15c Skirt Lining
10c a Yard.
We "place on sale for this day only 20
pieces of black brocade and striped
skirt lining, a good qmlity of cloth, 33
inches wide, regularly 15c a f n
yard -sale price m%MC
Dry Goods Dep't.
Friday 0n1y... ,',.",'¦
House-Furnishing
Specs alsm
16-inch Turkey Fe a (her Dusters
— Not . the flimsy kind, but full count
feathers, regularly 50c each — speoial
. to-day only 29 O
3So Ohamber Pails -The 10-
quart siz?, in assortment of lasting
colors- on special sale to-day 0n1y.;....
.....240
50c Chamber Pails- A strong,
serviceable, large size, painted, galvan-
ized Chamber Pail, that will not rust,
in assortment of. colors, with' gold
band— on special sale to-day 0n1j~320
House- Furnishing Dsp't.*
Daily io to 12 -W Ooldenßule Bazaar. ¦." soon out—
a. m.. 2 to 6 p. m. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICAS ORANDEST STORE. Bend for It
/f o ALL— DjKf -yO-tS
fl *?£>£C/AL sDALEO — //
Taffeta Ribbon Safe.
A "Big Special Purchase— lS9D yards of the best quality all-silk Taffeta
Faille Ribbon; an exoeptional quality, in a fine assortment of colors.
? such as White, Cream, Pink, Blue, Maize, Livender, Cardinal, Cerise,
Nile, Greens, Browns, Navy. . - :
This ribbon is No. 40/34 inches. wide; very handsome for millinery and
n6ck ribbon; actual value' 30c a yard — sale price Friday and Ifsg%
Saturday.. pop yard "Olr
'Bargain Tables— (Main \Ai&le._ 'iiii£-
!-;.- ¦ i .¦ ¦ . , .' .
Cloaks Half Price,
The balance of Strauss' fine Suits, Jackets,. Waists, Skirts, Capes, etc., at
. half price or less. Many handsome garments still remain. .
$c.OO to $30.00 Jackets n0w....
A^/P&i */£3Vv $I.jO to $W.OD
r®?K?^\ • Wi\\l\ $10.00 to %2 5.03 All-wool Dresses now
• -¦PSJg^SJ ®4ptMf • $5.00 to $15.00
r^*c^sL^\ «»SV ?3.50 to 530.00 Plain and Plaid Skirts
Wk W&>k $1.50 to SW.OO
X*s& jr-^^-^Zi ? 8 -°° t0 ?20.00 Silk Petticoits now.:
y^Mtr"^-)/ " $3.95 to $IO. QO
/*\^f\M\ f $3.50 to $3D.00 Separate Skirts now
*/ I / /|f|Ms\ % • $1.50 to $10.00
/ J • h I ) / / $1.50 to $10.00 Ladies' Wrappers now
//\.\* ']M UliSlT 69c to $5.00
V/TjA* Hi I' ffi 'Wifi2p&s&k ¦ .75c and $1.00 Shirt Wai3t« now
/T%r II ' «S?O^W» • - 38oandSOo
'il//4afc&kZJL\ P \?sy/A \ *W.OO to $20.00 Silk Waiitß.. ..-
'r¥ssmi • • 34-95 to $7.50
Second Floor — front.
Clothing Half Price,
The retail stock of Brown Bros. & Co., 121-123 Sansome street, who have
retired permanently from the retail clothing business. Strict 'y all-wool
Clothing for men and boys, fashionably cut and honestly made, now on
Eale at the bi? store at half regular prices: Q%?
Men's $13.00 Suits- Cheviots ' f^3
and Cassimeres— now.... $6.60 X^A». <sfer»
Men's $15. 00 Suits-20 differ- 4Sir W*J
ent style?— now. .S7. SO rff l&l
Men's $22*50 SuitS-~20 newest J^ZT ijll
patterns — now $11*25 >|MWwV /^vS^^N. i
Men's $12.50 Overcoats- A IMTN / I y
Beavers, Kerseys and Cheviots .....: / I 11 I \ / I \
Ao ne // < ll\/' I\\
qib.Sso f I >l| \ / V*""/
Young Men's $1O Over- / / < '\L\/ X/
COatS -Q styles. $5.V0 J. J\ >VT JP 5 £y
Young Men's $16.50 Over- ) % LLXA 3 ff
COatS — Finest, grade Kerseys and j fVJ jl .yY \sn ' @i
Covert 3, strictly up to date — now \ jj / I 111 Tl
I $8.25 raUf / /// ttfiVW-rT-*
Youths' $10.90 Sui-s-Che- \MT ¦ I W, ? If l|
viots, Serge? and Cas3imeres..Ss.OO- 7\ / / // 'ill '/ if.ji
Boy*' $15.90 Suit- Long pants, *\l / \ I ' Hfl j!| \il'
all wool, blue and . black Worsteds and j
Serges, Cheviots and Cassimeres— now. $7.50
Boys' $10.00 3-PlxCB Suits— Single or double breasted. $5.i0
Children's $s. it O Vesteo Sults-3 to 8 year 5......... :...$2.50
Boys' $5.00 Sailor Suits— 3 to 10 years, blue or fancy Cheviots $2.5 J
Main /• loor-— Near Entrance. .^4^ '."-^^ v
Two Days'
Specials.
Soan and Perfumery— Henri
Rocheau Combination packages, con-
taining one cake fine toilet soap, one
bottle of extract and one package of
sachet powder, four popular odors, spe-
cial Friday and Saturday, per package
........: .....;......- ............ISO
Colored Photon— Size 16x19
inches, framed in 1-inch ornamental
gilt molding, life sabject, very hand-
. some, at the Tery special price for this
week on'y, each..:. $I*lB
Glass Photo Frames— Tot all
she* of photographs, have ea3el backs
and can be hung, on special sale this
week only at falf ftricOm
Men's 250 Susnenders..l7o
Men's** Handkerchiefs— Vn-
lanndered, hemstitched .--•- 5o
Men's White Unlaundered
' Shirts— The famous '.'Leominster"
make, broken sizes ; if we have your
size a great bargain at the special price
until closing time Saturday night, etch
„ 330
Friday Only.
Ladies' $2 Shoes
St. 2B a Pairs
_-^--re - - e have jast 179 pairs of
v^"p j Ladies' Kid Button Shoes
t^ C. I l^ e pJcture, new opera toe 3,
fc.CJ" I patent leather tips, Good-
/F-ht l T< i ar we^ s°le3, medium
[(lj§: : V \ heavy with extension edge.
|Jr> ? \r \ a neat and com-
\'MrOC \ fortable walking
- - L^k. shoe, in all sizes
** JP \^ Sl^w^ from 3 to a reg-
g^^ilarly" 42.00 a
v. ?•¦-; pair, special for
this day only, while qaan- <r>« OO
tity 1a5t3...... &Im2b&
First Aisle — Left of Entrance.
Friday an i Saturday.
50c Paper Books
lOc, 3 for 25c.
Uppincott & Gom's 50c Pa"
per Novels, slightly soiled in
their recent fire, tbeir latest issue and
most of them copyrighted, the covere
are brown and soiled but the reading
matter is in as good condition as new.
To these we hare added & line of 33 O
titles o!2sopaaer books,
making over 500 different titles from
which to select, and on Friday and Sat-
urday only we present an opportunity
to lay in a supply of goo J reading mat-
ter at little cost. Your choice
We each, or 3 for 250
Book Ttep't— Rear.
Friday and Saturday.
Special Sale
Groceries, Liquors
Lennox Soap— lo,ooo bars, and no
more, on sale to-day and Saturday while
quantity la3ts, IO bars OCm
Fine Goffee — Emporium Mocha and
Java, regularly 35c a lb, spe- q
cial for the two days iCSfC
Sugar Oorn— Best Western, solid
pack, clean and sweet for the mm gm
two days, 7 cans OUC
Tab to Gisret—A years old, regu-
larly 40c a gallon, special for « •»
the two day 3, qal'On mOG
Cedar Run Whisky— Out very
popular brand, regularly 32.50 a gal-
lon, special Friiay and on
Saturday, gallon &M*+fU
Grocery Dep'l—Rear.
GOOD CROPS
ASSURED BY
TIMELY RAINS
Farmers^ Generally Are
Jubilant Over Present
Conditions.
SOUTH STILL SUFFERING
Orchards Are in Bloom, Grain Fields
Look Well and There Is Little
Danger of Blighting
Frosts.
Th« following: are the seasonal rain
falls to date, as compared with those
of game date laet season, and rainfall In
last twenty- four hours :-
Last Thiß Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka COS 43.15 24.33
Red Bluff 0.66 15.41 13.39
Sacramento .... 0.80 15.25 7.93
San Francisco.. 0.69 17.02 8.02
Fresno 0.00 7.02 3.88
Independence .. 0.00 2.16 1,15
Ban LuUObispo 0.00 14.61 7.16
Los Angeies.... 0.00 6.55 2.95
Saji Diego 0.00 8.12 5.73
Yunia 0.00 0.76 1.34
LOS ANGELES. March B.— The long
drought was broken on the 4th instant by
rain, which was general in Southern Cali
fornia, and although it varied considera
bly in different sections, It was of inesti
mable benefit wherever it- fell. A partial
grain crops at least is promised in many
places where total loss was feared. Feed
and hay, which had been suffering se
verely, ¦ are greatly benefited and in
creased.
Deciduous fruit trees continue to bloom
freely, considerably earlier than usual,
and po far there has been no damage to
them from frost. Fair weather is pre
dicted for to-night and to-morrow.
Santa Barbara County— lndications of
another dry year are stimulating water
development.
Ventura County— Rain on the 4th Instant
has retrieved ¦ barley In some localities,
but late sown grain, like the early sown,
is in some places drying up.
San Bernardino County— A good rain
fell on the 4th, with snow in- the moun
tains. Some early sown grain wa* past
help, but with a few more showers there
should be a fair" crop. Fruit trees are
bldoming freely.
Riverside County— ln the Immediate
vicinity of Riverside grain is almost a
total failure. In other localities late
sown grain is still looking rairly well, but
rain must. come soon to save even the lat
est. Pastures are drying fast and irriga
tion is being resorted to. The rain of the
4th inst. revived crops to some extent
Fruit buds are advancing.
Orange County— The rain which fell last
Sunday will carry considerable grain in
good condition for about two weeks
longer. A portion is beyond recovery.
San Diego County— A light rain on the
4th instant helped grain greatly, but much
more is needed. Some grain is a total
failure and will not. yield even pasture.
Grain is looking well in the mountain
valleys. Peach trees are in .bloom.
FRESNO, March B.— The crops In this
vicinity have been greatly benefited by
the recent rain,' amounting to .83 of an
inch. .
SAN JOSE. March B.— Warm I showers
and rain have been falling here at in
tervals for five days, aggregating for' the
storm 1.75 inches and for the season 12.70.
The winter has been characterised by an
unusual amount .of' warm,' growing
weather, and vegetation of all kinds is
more luxuriant. than it has been for. many
years.
STOCKTON.. March B.— San Joaduin
County never had a better crop outlook
and the season is almost sure to be one
of the best in the history of the county
Everywhere the reports are favorable and
in some of the reclaimed districts it has
been found recessary to cut back grain
that stood a foot and a half high. The
rains of the present month have been
sufficient for all sections and on the west
side of the San Joaquin River where the
crops were a bit backward the downpour
was all that was needed. Fruit men also
give cheering reports and no fear of
trouble from frost is felt at "this time
The rainfall for the past twenty-four
hours was .30 and for the month 1 67
.inches, making 12.67 for., the season
against 4.08 at the same time last year '
SALINAS. March 8.-Salinaa Valloy in
particular and Monterey County in gen
eral has been treated to a most copious
rain in the last week, and the storm still
continues. All crops are now assured
while in some Instances an enormous yield
will result from the present storm. The
Spreckels Sugar Company will plant a
Jarge acreage of sugar beets.
E BAKERSKIELD; March 8.-The rainfall
to date Is 4.10 inches. It has been heavier
in the northern part of Kern County an«i
around the foothills.
PLACERVILLE. March B.— A heavy rain
has been falling since 6 o'clock last night
The -storm is of great benefit to placer
miners. A heavy fall of. snow is reports.!
from the higher altitudes east and north
of this city. One and fifty-six : hun
dredtha Inches of rain has fallen In this
city during the past twenty-four hour*
making for the season 34.48 inches. The
total rainfall last season to March 8 was
11.68 inches. ,*
COLUSA. March B.— The rainfall Wed
nesday night measured \ 44 of an inch and
was greatly enjoyed by farmers and fruit
men in -general. "While nothing- 1 was ¦ suf
fering . from .the want of moisture, the
storm Wednesday night put on a feeling
THE GRAIN FLEET OUTWARD BOUND.
GRAIN CARRIERS
ARE RACING TO
EUROPEAN PORTS
Ten of the Fleet That Es
caped the Tax Sailed
for Queenstown.
Chief Officer Magune of the Warren
Complimented — Pitcairn and
Point Arena, in Collision.
Elihu Thomson Sold.
The rush to pet wheat out of the State
has resulted in the departure of the larg
est grain fleet that has ever gone out of
the Golden Gate in forty-eight hours. The
Celtic Monach and Aristides were the first
away, and Captain Lewis of the Celtic
Monarch is confident that he will be the
first to reach England. Captain Poppy
of the Aristides has a fast ship under him
and he has wagered a new hat that he
will beat the Celtic Monarch twenty-four
hours into port.
The Celtic Monarch and Aristides were
not hull down on the horizon before the
Kelburn, Jeleus, Pass of Kllliecrankie
and Lyderhorn were passing out over the
bar. Captain Shapland of the Peleus did
Dot say very much, but he bet 1100 to 175
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/, FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1900.
"Keith's" fine millinery opening to-day.
808 Market street. : *
BDTTGUI7O rop barbers, bak-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-maker*. • canners.
dyers, flour mills. : foundries, - laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc .
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
Old
fort
Ross.
The whole world
knows that at Port
Ross, located but a
few miles from I San
Francisco, are the
ruins of the oldest
Russian settlement
on the Pacific Coast;
yet how many are
familiar with the
history of this Interesting spot and know
Its touching and romantic story? Next
Sunday's Call will contain a well Illus-
trated and readable article upon the sub-
ject of rare historical value.
THE HAS
nation ACKNOWLEDGED
ITS SUPERIORITY.
THERE IS ONLY ONE WAY TO APPRE-
CIATE THIS PLAY. AXD THAT IS TO
SEE IT.
Darkest Russia
Is not dreary and somber, but replete with
laugh-provoking scenes and situations.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
March IS— Magnificent spectacular production Of
"iHK BiOWMS IN FAIRYUND.'
200— CHILDREN ON THE STAGE— 2OO
THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAYHOUSE.
PHONE. SOUTH Z7O.
"Wouldn't! his Keep Yon Waiting?"
Smarting with NEXT SUNDAY Afternoon, -
The Laughing Farce Comedy,
HAVE YOU SEEN SMITH
Introducing Comedians Who Are Funny.
_^«v m n m r>w«o ca.v sino.
€wM fr # *^ WHO CAM DANCE.
'•wv m M m Jw *»m^ who are pretty.
SEATS NOW READY.
PRlCES— Evening, lie, 25e, 35c. We and TSc
Matinee, 15c. 2.~.e. 33c and 50c. . .
Next— HARRY OLAZIER In a Lavish Pro-
duction. "THREE MUSKETEERS." Direct
From New York. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EDUCATE YOUR BOWELS.
THOUSANDS CF PREMATURE DEATHS
CAUSfcD BY NEGLICT.
Every Person Can Pro on ft Lilts and Enjoy
Heel t h and Happiness Who Will Listen
to the Voice of Progress.
If you want to open a door, you don't
cmash it with a. crowbar, but open it with
a key.
It's easier and leas destructive.
VThen you are costive or bilious or con-
stipated, don't take an old-time dose of
pbrslc, throw your bowels into spasms
and turn your liver inside out, as long as
everything can be set right In a nice,
ger.Ue, quiet, positive, natural way by
CascArets, the ideal laxative.
We. have all found 'jut that persuasion
is stronger than violence.
Instead of trying to force your disor-
dered organs to do th^ir duty, Educate
Your Bowels and make them act naturally
by using Cascarets, Candy Cathartic, so
rkasant to the taste, so mild, ?o effective.
They are guaranteed to cure any case of
constipation or money refunded.
Uuy and try Cascarets to-day. It's what
they do. not what they say they'll do. that
proves their merit. All druggists, 10c. 25c,
!,.«". or by mail for rrlee. Send for booklet
and free sample. Address Sterling Rem-
edy Co., Chicago; Montreal, Can.; or New-
York.
, This is the CASCARET tab-
I«rs a l ' el - Every tablet of the only
I Irfr F genuine C'ascarets bears th»
I l»lij&*J magic letters "C C C." Look
tv A at the tablet before you buy,
Vj 1/ and beware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitutes.
that his ship would beat the entire fleet
to Queenstown. Last year the Kelburn
made a fast run to Liverpool, and Captain
Jones figures on making as good time
this year, bo he lost no time in covering
Captain Shapland's bet.
Before the Kelburn. Peleus and Lyder
horn were out of sight of the lightship,
the Cromdale, General Gordon, Heath
field and Paul Isenberg were under way.
Among these vessels it is a toss-up as to
which will win. Out of the ten vessels
now on their way to England the Celtic
Monarch. Aristides and Peleus have the
best records and have the call in the bet
ting. The Peleus is the favorite, and J. J.
McDevitt. the popular night clerk of the
Merchants' Exchange, has put up $10 to
W. Dorm's of the day force $5 that s>he
will beat the entire fleet into English
waters. .
The transport Warren, which was re
leased from quarantine yesterday, is to
receive a thorough overhauling before she
again sails for Manila. She went into
commission on July 25, 185S, and has been
in constant service ever since. On that
day ,the German flag was hauled down
CHIEF OFFICER F. E. MAGUNE.
from the main top of the Scandia and a
few minutes latar the American flag went
aloft on the Warren. Captain Hart took
command of the transport and the en
gines were turned over to Chief Engineer
French. These gentlemen have been at
the head of affairs in the Warren ever
since.
On this last voyage the Warren has
covered 18.000 miles without a breakdown
or stoppage of any kind due to an acci
dent. She sailed from here on December
2 with part of the Forty-ninth Infantry,
and after landing the men at Manila she.
went to Hollo with Colonel Bird and
Major Miles. From Iloilo she went to
Jolo, an island near Borneo, and from
there she went to Samboango, and then
back to Manila. Another start was made
from Manila and the transport went to'
Hongkong to coal. From there she went
to Guam, Honolulu and then to San Fran
cisco. . ¦
Chief Officer F. E. Magune of the War
ren was the recipient of a very flattering
letter of thanks from the lieutenant col
onel of the Forty-ninth when the vessel
reached Manila. It was as follows:
On Board U. S. A. T. Warren.
New Tear's Day. ISOO.
F. E. Magune, First Officer— Dear Sir: I
do not wish to leave the ship without express
ing to you my appreciation of your ability and
attention to duty. We all feel a sense of grati
tude toward you for your faithful performance
of duty in your department.
I sincerely hope that your next trip ¦will be
as master of a fine transport, as it would be
to the best Interests of the service to have such
a man as you In charge of one of its valu
able ships. You have more than shown your
ability, and all In a modest and unpretentious
way which has endeared you to both officers
and men alike and has made us all your
friends. Yours very sincerely.
A. C. DUCAT.
Lieutenant Colonel Forty-ninth Infantry.
Mr. Magune has been. master of vessels
Railing in and out of San Francisco for
years, and ship owners know him as one
of the most honorable and careful of sail
ors afloat or ashore. ¦ . .
The brig Pltcairn and the steamer Point
Arena were In collision early yesterday.
The Point Arena came in ahead of time,
as she was unable to call at a number of
ports on account of the southeaster.
While making her dock at Mission street
she ran ahead on her line and crashed
into the Pitcalrn, carrying away the lat
ter's bowsprit. The Pitcalrn was all
ready to sail for Cape Nome, so the acci
dent Is an unfortunate one for her, as It
will delay the sailing at least a week.
The steamer Ellhu Thomson has
changed hands again. She was purchased
a month or so ago by Scammell & Kink
of this city, and they In turn have sold
her to Charles P. Richardson of Taeoma.
The sale was conducted through Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
The transport Meade. which was sched
uled to *all on the 16th lnst., will proba
bly be detained a few days. Boiler tubes
necessary for repairs have not arrived
from the East and they will be respon
sible for the detention of the vessel.
Temple Emanu-El Services.
Divine services thl3 evening at Temple
Emanu-El commence at 8 o'clock/ Rev.
Dr. Voorsanger will give the lecture. Sub
ject, "Ancient Legends . and Modern
Fact*." The public Is cordially Invited to
attend.
WIIIK iSB STEAM COAI^.T^B^AiK
DIAMOND COAL" MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVKR COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal la th*
market. Office and Yards— 4so Main street. ¦
Vr C\&~ ft msf Tr« ritf mi i M. W w P3F*Si&^m\
5^ %S^wa_jL aw^^T^LV^wj^r7?^B^9vTm
liMHWtiHlil
AMALGAMATORS,
6AVE GOLD— Kroeh . Mfg. Co., .9 Btevenßon
st. Amalgamators. Sand Centrifugal Pumps.
HAND or power machine that saves gold. On
exhibition 129 First at.. S. F.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
CENTRIFUOAL AM*LG\MATORS.
SAVES fine gold. In dally operation at 254
Beale St.. San Francisco.
OASOLINE ENO!NE<S.
HERCULES GAS ENGINK WORKS Is filling
many orders fo» Nome. 141-143 First st.. S. F.
OOLD SEPARATOR. ?
MARSHALL Oo'.d Savins Machine. 229 Fol-
som street. . Oriental Gas Engine Company.
OILS.
LUBRICATING Oil. Crude Oil and Gasoline.
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK. 23 Spear St., S. F.
PLATES FO3 SAVING OOLn.
SchaezlelnA Burrldte. '3 Ha rrlta place, off
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist sU.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex., a F.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. Simonds, 33 Market st.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 535.
EVERY EVENING.- SATURDAT AND SUN-
DAY MATINEES.
A' GLORIOUS ENTERTAINMENT. THE
TOPIC OF THE HOUR IS THE
. IMMENSE HIT
Of Rice's Famous Musical Eccentricity,
THE GIRL
FROMPARIS
USUAL PRICES.
Good reserved seat In orchestra Saturday and
Sunday matinees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emoorlum.
FUMPS AND QASOUINE'hNOINES.
All kinds of Pumps and Gasoline Engines.
WOODIN & LITTLE. 812 Market St., S. F.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS of the WAG-
NER OPERAS. and MUSIC DRAMAS.
THIS FRIDAY AFTERNOON— DoubIe bill,
••Lo3Srtti;ilN" »nd "'IBK -heEil.'-
Next Monday nlßht, double bill, "D«s Rheln-
(told*" and "Die Walkure"; Tuesday nijrht next,
double bill, "Siegfried" and "Gotterdammer-
ung": Wednesday night next, pala performance,
miscellaneous programme to be announced. N.
B.— ln the quintet. Miss Decker and Mr. Wil-
liams will sing the parts of Magdalena and
David. Reserved seats. 75c. U. $150, *2. $2 W,
*3: general admission, $1. Now on sale at box
office. .
SIIERM» V . CL.»Y & CO. *r H^LL.
EXPLANATORY RECITALS AT THE PIANO
BY MR. WALTER DAMROSCH on the
WAGXER OPERAS and MUSIC DRAMAS
at X:3O d. m. To-morrow afternoon. "Sieg-
fried": next Monday afternoon. "Gotterdam-
meruns"; Friday, March 16th, "Parsifal";
Saturday, March 17th. "Tristan and Isolde."
Reserved seats, $1 SO; General Admission, $1.
On sale at Sherman, Clay * Co.'s. • • . •
ENQI>ES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Emytnes and Boilers';
lowest niices on the coast. Pine & Davis eta.
COLUMBIAN
TO-NIGHT. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
NIGHTS, , .
MATINEE SATURDAY— LAST 4 TIMES.
DENMAN THOMPSON
Appeartnr as Uncle Josh In • -¦•
The Old Homestead.
Beginning NEXT~MONDAY NiGHT
CHARLES FROHM AN. PRESENTS
U/lLLlfl/Vl GH-L-ET-TE'S
GREATEST COMEDY TRIUMPH.
¦BECAUSLSniUJVIDIIIBM
BIG ORIGINAL CAST.
BEATS NOW SELLING. V'-f :: .'
TENTS AND t OVERS.
NEVILLE St CO.. manufacturers, bags, tents,
covers. Jl and S3 California st.
.' ¦;' /",W. St P. BUILOINO PAPER.
Wind, water and vermin 1 proof. ¦ Prepared
rooflnjr. 113 New Montgomery st.
CHUTES AND^ZOO.? a r ß^nT B
GORDON SISTERS: LULAINE and DAR-
RKLL- MAJOR MITE; DELZARTOS; BLACK
BARTONS; JOE CROTTY: BENNETT SIS-
TERS; MOVING PICTURES of the AFRICAN
CAKEWALK TO-MORROW NIGHT!
Second Contest BLACK BARTONS vs. STEW-
ARTS.
BALLOON ASCENSION SUNDAY.
Reserve Seats by Telephone — Park 28.
•TIVOLI*
"HOOT MON, THEY CANNA RESIST ME!"
62d PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT
Of the Superb Comic Opera,
The Idol's Eye.
EVENINGS at 8. MATINEii SATURDAY at J.
POPULAR PRICIiS— 2Sc and 50c.
TELEPHONE— Bush ».
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mall 3 1
; on Application.
COAL. COKB ANU Pta IWX "j:
Ir ' ' WIl "CAM £f A 90 ° Ka'tefy Street. -
J* ir VIILSVn ft Ml-. Telephone ilaln 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Bupt. H. BLYTH, Mgr.
CXV ' CIMITH 'Ship PlUmblnjr, Steamboat
W- W- Jill llll. and Ship Work A Specialty. It
and U Wa»htn«tcn «t; " TeleDhone Main 5*41.
; FRESH AND SALT MEATS. .
IIC R AVCC * fft ' Shipping Butchers, 104
JAD DU I CO <I tU- » Clay. Tel. Main 12M. .
. . > PAPEW UFALRRS. „
WII F iMCTTP '-PVU' AND PAPER CO.,
TT iLLA.HEI lEv« v; s m Montgomery st.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1800-OALirOEMIA JOCKEY- CLUB -1800
February 26 to March 10. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
l'lv» or more races each day.
Race* start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:39, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th*
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
die* and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo *renu»
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land Also &U trains via Alameda mol« eon*
nect with San Pablo avenue car* at Fourteenth
and lire ad way, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes*.'
Ileturninp — Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Presid»nt
R. R. MILROY. Secretary.
F« Cv HUGHES. 811 Saniome at.. 8. F.
STATIONfiI* AND PHINTE*
Telegraphic 'li 4UTDITIfiP 106 California-
Codes. . * AbIEUHIB [" .<- street. ; ;
vis;- OR- JORDAN'S qrcat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Ch icsiiu£ZE?nMft tttfa.s.r.ca
nr ' The Larrnt Automical Munum hi (be
- jt. World %Ve»kD«*e» ec *ny tnmncttd
T~ ££t (UeasF i»-«lli«>-lr rmr»4 ;tjr the eldett
JrS^SK ij»eu»liM«« IheCont lULJ6)e*» '
$i£?l DR. JCRCAH-PRIVATE DISEASES
¥ (TrAI Co>«ulr*tion fr>-e and «tri<-ttr private.
I ri«y Q T« •¦•»«¦• twtvjtinlij- or bjr letter. A,
R jr q ¦ /%*in* CWtU every case goiicrukea.
tf |IK, Wrurfor B^k.PBILO*OI'BVtI ,
Ijl It JItIUIACE, UMLID FJlca. <A'
A . /I v*J«»b.e book for oral
UH JOBDASf^CO., 1051 Market Bt_.S. F. '
World.
7TO SAIL.
NEW YORK. March B.— FLOUR— Receipts.
6304 barrels; exports. 6361 barrels. Market
firmer, but rather quiet, as buyers were not
prepared to meet the higher prices . asked.
WHEAT— Receipts, 17,600 bushels; exports,
105,235 bushels; spot market strong. No. 2 red,
76% c elevator; No. 2 red, 73« c f. o. b. afloat
In store; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 79e afloat,
prompt: No. 1 hard Duluth, 80iic f. o. b. afloat,
prompt. Options opened steady and later ad
vanced on the strong cash position and alarm
among shorts. Later the bull movement en
larged, trade became active and prices react
ing reached the top In the last hour, helped
by export buying, strong crop rumors and light
speculative offerings, closed %'g%c net ad
vance. March. 76% c; May, 72 11-16@73c, closed
73c; July. 71 15-16@72%c. closed 72%e; Septem
ber closed 72% c. . ¦-; ¦¦-..
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot, Rio, quiet; No. T invoice.
B%c nominal: do Jobbing. ST»c:mlld, market
quiet: Cordova, 8%512c. Futures, closed steady,
5 points lower. Sales, 14,250 bags. Including
May, $6 85<g6 90; June, $6 90; July, $6 8o!g6 90;
August. $6 95; September, $6 95#7; October,
$T{?7 05; December, $7 20@7 25; January, $7 25.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined unsettled.
BUTTER— Receipts. 321S packages; firm.
June creamery, lS@23%c; Western creamery,
20<g26c; factory, 17@'20c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5954 packages: weak and
lower. Western at mark, 14%@15c; Southern
! at mark, 14g14%c.
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW YORK. March B.— Only a light trading
developed in the market for evaporated apples
to-day. Buyers are holding off and outside
prices at best extreme. At the close the un
dertone of the market was weak. California
dried fruits dull, but about steady at un
changed prices.
STATE EVAPORATED A PPLES— Common.
4Mr<SG%c; prime, 6@6%c; choice, 7@7%c; fancy,
7%<B*Hc. ,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%@7%c,
as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13<315c; Moorpark. 13«l?o.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 18@22c; unpeeled. 7%Q90.
London Wool Sales.
TO ARRIVE.
rponse in the market a* It haa been fully
foreshadowed by the large absorption of gross
earnings in operating expenses. The reported
agreement of Western railroad presidents on
recommendations designed to harmonize dif
ferences over freights, the determination to
advance bituminous coal rates to the lakes
and additional gains reported in railroad earn
ings were all without effect on prices. The
published report of a proposed increase in the
next dividend on the preferred stock of the
Pittsburg, C. C. and St. Louts was met by
a drop in that stock of 3% points. Rio Grande
Western was notable for a Jump of nearly 8
points. There was continued doubt and appre
hension over the capacity of the money market
to get through without a pinch to the period
of relief by the operation of the currency bill.
The possibility was canvassed of action by the
Treasury Department to resume the deposit
of internal revenue collections with the banks,
but no authoritative sanction was given for
such possibility. The absorption of funds by
the New York sub-treasury since last Friday
had already reached $5,631,000 up to the close
of business last night. The total revenue sur
plus taken up by the Government since the
first of the month up to the same date
amounted to only $2,066,245. The special drain
thus indicated upon New York banks is due
to the large customs payments by Importers.
Imports at present are running very high as
an incident of the active demand for com
modities and the payment of the duties is
diverted from the New York banks Into the
sub-treasury. The demand for loans for the
purchase of Government bonds continues large.
These two factors threaten the early oblitera
tion of the surplus reserves of the New York
banks.
The bond market was not as active as yes
terday, but prices were firmly held. Total
sales, par value. $1,590,000.
United States 3s declined % and the new
4s % in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. Closing Bid.
J.SIO Atchison 22%
6.555 Atchison pr^fd 65%
2.050 Baltimore & Ohio 61S
300 Canadian Pacific 98%
350 Canada Southern 48%
950 Chesapeake & Ohio Vi
U<o Chicago Great Western 13
6.540 Chicago Bur & Qulncy 122%
1.255 Chicago Ind & Louis 19%
Chicago Ind A Louis prefd 61%
100 Chicago A East Illinois 95%
Chicago A Northwestern 156
8.?«9 Chicago Rock Island A Pac 106t;
200 C C C A St Louis 6SV.
100 Colorado Southern 6
110 Colorado Southern Ist prefd ........ 43
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16ti
€50 Delaware A Hudson 114%
200 Delaware Lack A Western ISO
100 Denver A Rio Grande 19%
600 Denver A Rio Grande prefd 71%
Erie 12»,
Erie Ist prefd 3"'l
294 Great Northern prefd 156%
Hocking Coal 13%
410 Hocking Valley 30
300 Illinois Central 112%
400 lowa Central 13%
lowa Central prefd 48
Kansas City Pitts A Gulf 12%
Lake Erie A Western 20%
Lake Erie A Western prefd 83%
Lake Shore IS4
930 Louisville & Nashville Sl%
1.335 Manhattan L $4
6,426 Metropolitan St Ry 167
100 Mexican Central 11%
Minn A St Louis 61
Minn A St Louis prefd 81
2,550 Missouri Pacific 44%
200 Mobile A Ohio 44%
Missouri Kansas A Texas 10%
300 Missouri Kansas A Texas prefd.... 32' i
New Jersey Central 116
1.525 New York Central 133U
2,340 Norfolk A Western 31%
699 Norfolk A Western prefd 74%
800 Northern Pacific 52%
660 Northern Pacific prefd 73%
1,110 Ontario A Western '. 23},
Oregon Ry A Nay 42
Oregon Ry A Nay prefd 76
4,854 Pennsylvania 134 Vi
Reading 17%
1,100 Reading Ist prefd 57%
Reading 2d prefd : 29
700 Rio Grande Western 52
200 Rio Grande Western prefd 91%
Pt Louis & San Francisco 10%
St Louis A San Fran Ist prefd 68
St Louis A San Fran 2d prefd 34«4
St Louis Southwestern 11%
635 St Louis Southwestern prefd 28S
13,120 St Paul .120%
262 St Paul prefd 172
...;... St Paul A Omaha 106
9.f>35 Southern Pacific 37%
1.462 Southern Railway 13%
1,417 Southern Railway prefd 57%
100 Texas A Pacific 15%
6.472 Union Pacific 4S>4
1.284 I'nlon Pacific prefd 73%
Wabash 6%
300 Wabash prefd 20
200 Wheeling A Lake Erie 10%
100 Wheeling A Lake Erie 2d prefd 26%
Wisconsin Central 17
. Express Companies —
Adams 114
American ..¦ 143
United States 4>
Wells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous—
2M American Cotton OH 32%
American Cotton Oil prefd 93
100 American Malting 514
300 American Malting prefd 25%
LOOO Am Smelting A Refining 33
670 Am Smelting A Refining prefd 90%
American Spirits 2
American £i>irits prefd 17
3,025 American Steel Hoop 33%
100 American Eteeel Hoop prefd 80
6,%50 American Steel A Wire (,3%
3SO American Fteel A Wire prefd 90%
550 American Tin Plate 30%
American Tin Plate prefd SO
11,1.7) American Tobacco 103%
American Tobacco prefd 135
9.426 Anaconda Mining Co 46%
6.135 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 6C%
100 Colorado Fuel A Iron 42%
2,365 Continental Tobacco 28%
230 Continental Tobacco prefd S3V.
3.975 Federal Steel 50%
r&0 Federal Steel prefd 72
100 General Electric 125
300 Glucose Sugar 51%
Glucose Sugar prefd 99'
1,100 International Paper 17
720 International Paper prefd 62
200 Laclwde Gas 74
215 American Biscuit 35
National Biscuit prefd 90
150 National Lead 23V1
?2S National Lead prefd 104»i
2.075 National Steel 43
175 National Steel prefd 95
New York Air Rrake 125%
200 North American 145..
Pacific Coa»-t 49
' Puclfic Coast Ist prefd ;.. so
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 60
I.7<X) Pacific Mall 371Z
2,070 People's G»s 93
930 Pressed Steel Car 62%
Pressed Steel Car prefd 85
Pullman Palace Car is*
350 Standard Rope A Twine e«
r.EIO Sugar 977*
100 Sugar prefd 109k
2.700 Term Coal A. lron 91%
l.*4s United States Leather ]ju
C 42 United States Leather prefd 49%
550 United States Rubber 31 L
United States Rubber prefd 92
634 Western Union gjii
1.700 Republic Iron A Steel 21%
Republic Iron A Steel prefd 67
P C C A St. Louis 69
260.700 Total sales.
CLOSING BONDB.
U S3s reg 103 I Do 45..... «iv
Do 3s res. Ul% N V C lsts no>?
Do 3s coup 111% N J C gen 5s m£
Do new 4s reg. ...136% N Carolina 6s 127
Do new 4s c0up. •136% Do 4« iog
Do old 4s reg 117% N Pacific 35........" 66V
Do old 4» c0up. ..118% N Pacific 4« 104%
Do 6s reg 116% N V C A St,L 4s. .1081?
Do 5s coup 116% N A W con 4s 95i2
Dlst of Col J. 665....119 Do gen 6s ISO
Atchison gen 45. ...101 Or Nay lsts 199
Do adj 4s 82 Do 4s 102%
Canada So 2ds 106% Or Short Line 65...127\?
Ches A O 4%« 97% Do con 6s 11314
Do 5s H9>» Reading gen 4s 85%
Chi A N con 75. ...141% ROW lsts 9514
Do S F deb 6b. ...121 St L A I M con 65. 111%
Chicago Term 45... SJ , St L A S F gen 6s. 120
I> A R G lsts 103' St Paul con i 67%
Do 45... 98% St P C A P 15t5... 119%
E T V A G 15t5. ..102 Do 55... ..120%
Erie gen 4s 70% So Railway 55.... ..109-
FWA DC lsts... 71% Stand. R AT 6s 72
Gen Electric *a»...116% Term n«w set 15.... S6K
FRIDAY. MARCH 9.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
G H & S A 6s 108 |Tex & Pac 15t5....H4
TI D ° "5... 107% Do 2dß M
H & T C 6s 110%!U Pacific 4s 105H
Do con 6s. 112 Wabash lsts 117
i?^ a T Cc , n lsts 1U Do 2ds 9 *4
KCP & G lsts.... 73 West Shore 4s 113%
La new con 4s 10s Wls Central lsts.. 90%
L & N uni 4s 99% Va Centuries 88
?,^ c } a g *»•'—•.... 83% Do deferred. 9%
MKA- T 2ds G6 Colo &So 4s 83%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 23|Ontarlo 8 25
Crown Point 10,'Ophir 73
Con Cal & Va 1 40' Plymouth • JI
Deadwood 65 ' Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry..... ill Do prefd. 750
Hale & Norcross.. 27| Sierra Nevada 32
Homestake 60 00, Standard SO
Iron Sliver 68 Union Con 17
Mexican Zi) 1 Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land. I
Call loans 3%'7?4% West End.... 94
Time loans 4 @5 Westlnghs Elec.... 42%
Stocks— • wis Central 17
Atch T& St Fe... 22% Bonds-
Do prefd 66% Atchison 4s 99%
Am Sugar, ex dlv. S6»» N E Gas A Coke 6s 70%
Bell Telephone 310 Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany.. 24l Adventure 4%
Boston Elevated... ll7 Allouez Mln Co 2%
Chi B A Q 122% Amal Copper 94
Dominion Coal 43 Atlantic 18%
Do prefd 116 Boston A Montana. 27B
Federal Steel 60% Butte A Boston 62
Do prefd 72 Calumet A Hec1a..724
Fitchburg prefd... l32 Centennial 18
General Electric. .l 34 Franklin 14%
Do prefd 137 Parrot 44%
Ed Elec 111 205 Qulncy 135
Mexican Central... 12 St Fe Copper 6%
N E Gas A Coke... 18 Tamarack 188
Old Dominion 19 Utah Mining 28%
Rubber 32 Winona 2%
Union Pacific 4SU Wolverines. 41%
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, March B.— Money on call steady
at 232% per cent; last loan, 2; prime mercan
tile paper, 4%@5% per cent: sterling exchange
firm, with actual business In bankers' bills at
$4 56% for demand and $4 82<4ig4 82% for sixty
days: posted rates, H 85%i?74 S4 and $4 87@4 87%;
commercial bills, $4 M%@4 82: silver certifi
cates, 6HiQ6lc; bar silver, 59%e; Mexican dol
lars. 47% c; Government bonds, weak; State
bonds, strong; railroad bonds, firm.
Condition of Treasury.,
WASHINGTON. March B.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $299,967,577; gold re
serve, $238,693,601.
London Market.
NEW YORK, March B.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were quiet and featureless
to-day, but the tone was cheerful on Lord
Roberts' advance 'and rumors of peace nego
tiations. A story was current that 3000 Boers
were offering to surrender. The Queen's visit
to London checked business. There was eager
blddinz on the new war loan at 1% to 2 pre
mium, although nothing is yet known of the
denomination or rriee. The expectation is for
a 2% loan at &8 or 98%, applications to be re
ceived at the postofflces in small sums. A
Treat rush Is certain. Americans wer» inac
tive and dull, collapses in the industrials be
ing feared. The bank bought £6000 of gold In
bars.
Call money was firm and bills were also firm,
though more plentiful. The bank renewed a
large amount of loans and did a fair fresh
business in loans and discounts. Silver reached
27 9-16 d on outside buylnr.
CLOSING.
LONDON, March B.— Canadian Pacific, 101:
Union Pacific preferred. 75%; Northern Pacific
preferred, 76-276%; Atchison. 83%; Anaconda.
9%. Bar silver closed firmer at 27 9-16 d per
ounce.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
84. Contra Costa Water at $87®6S 60. Oceanic
at $93 25@93 60 and Makawell at $47 «2%@47 75.
Honokaa was slightly lower. Business con
tinued brisk. -
In the afternoon Oceanic waa firmer at $94
and Contra Costa Water declined from $66 25 to
$65 75. -¦.'¦¦ .¦¦¦ ¦¦ ¦¦¦-• -.
6TOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY
Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds—
4s quar c0up. .114% —
4s quar res:.... — 114%
4s quar new.. 13S
3s quar coup.. — —
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 58.117% —
C C Wat 5»...105 —
Kd L & P. «»..i2» —
F & Cl Ry 6s. — 116
Gcary-st X ss. — »a
H C & S 6%5.106 110
I Do 5s 106% —
L A Ry 55. ..105 —
L A L Co 6s. — —
Do . gntd 65.. — ' —
Do gntd 55.. — 103
L A & P R 65.in?t4102%
Market-st 6a. ..128 —
Do Ist M 55. 116 —
NCN G R 75.10« — •
N R of Cal Ss.llSVilM
Do 6s 115% —
N P <J R X 6s.lu.4r* —
DO 5s ....... 106%107
N C R R 6a.. 109 —
1 Oak GL&H 55. 11 l —
Oak Tran 65. .112 112%
Oak AY Co &8..1U& — ,
Oceanic S C 0.105%. 105% —
Om C Ry 6»..1/.'%12S
P & Cl Ry 65. 105 —
Pk &. O P.y 6s. — —
Powell-st R 6sU7 —
Sao LG&R 6s. — 100
S F & SJV 5«.117% —
S Rof Cal 6s. 112 —
S P C 6s<l9oS).llo%tU
S PC 65U905).110 —
Do (1906) ....112 113
Do (1912) .... — —
Do Ist eg ss. — —
8 P Br 6a — 128%
S V Wat 65...UJ%114
Do 4s 103% —
S V. W 4s (3dm) 102 < —
Stktn Gas 65.. — —
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 65% 65%
Marln County. — —
Spring: Valler. 88% —
Gas & Electric-
Cent G L Co.. — —
Cent L & P... 4 4%
Morning Session.
Board— •
tO Contra Costa Water 0 7 °0
40 Contra Costa Water. «8 00
60 Centra Costa Water «S 50
25 Contra Costa Water «" 60
' 150 Equitable Gas 3 T5
340 Honokaa 31 25
60 Hcnokaa 31 12% i
15 Hutchlnson S P Co 27 00 .
120 Makawell 47 62%
S6O Makawell 47 75
60 Oceanic S S Co 93 25
60 Oceanic S S Co 93 50
60 Onomea Sugar Co 2S 00
10 Paauhau S P Co. s 90 29 50
60 Paauhau S P Co 29 50
$20CO Park & Cliff House «s bonds 105 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 63 87%
170 S F Gas & Electric Co 64 00
60 Spring Valley Water 98 25
200 Vigorit 2 25
Street— r.:-r.--*
365 Paauhau S P Co » 3VA
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Association 120 50
60 Contra Costa Water 66 11%
125 Contra Costa Water.. 66 00
5 Contra Costa Water, s 90.... 66 25
55 Contra Costa Water 66 25
5 Contra Costa Water 65 75
65 Contra Costa Water 65 50
25 Equitable Gas 3 75
50 Hana Plantation Co 10 00
100 Honokaa 8 Co 31 25
210 Hutchlnson S P Co 27 00
25 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 19 62%
$4000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent b0nd5.... 105 25
30 Makawelt 47 75
45 Oakland Gas 60 00
$2000 Oakland Gas bonds 11l 00
50 Oceanic S S Co * 94 00
100 Oceanic S S Co 94 25
60 Onomea Sugar Co 23 00
275 Paauhau S P Co 29 37%
6 Paauhau S P Co 29 50
90 S F Gas & Electric C 0.... 64 00
35 Spring Valley Water 98 25
100 Vigorit Powder 2 25
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning; Session.
400 Anaconda .......V»....^ (0
¦ Afternoon Session.
250 Caribou _. go
60 Caribou : 75
400 Anaconda '. (9
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning: Session.
Board —
8 Blue Goose ».. . tl 00
Street—
100 Home Oil 3 60
100 Home Oil. b 30..... 3 65
200 Caribou go
Afternoon Session.
Board— ' ¦ . '
10 Blue Goose a 00
130 Caribou 75
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco 1 Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning - Session.
100 Belcher 29 200 Mexican 24
300 Caledonia 90 500 Ophir 79
100 Challenge 23 300 Overman 28
B<X> Chollar 26 200 Overman XI
100 Con Cal & Va..l 60 200 Potosi '8
200 Crown Point... li 400 Seg Belcher.... 05
800 Gould & Curry li?
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 29 100 Hale A Norc... 81
150 Caledonia 92 200 Julia <r»
60 Caledonia 93 100 Ophir 7g
100 Challenge 23 200 Ophir 77
600 Chollar 2i 700 Overman 21
150 Con Cal & Va..l 55 100 Potosi 25
600 Crown Point... 15 100 Utah 03
400 Gould . & Curry 16
The following were the sales in th« Pacific
Stcck Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Alta 07 1200 Ophir 73
200 Chollar 26 400 Ophir 79
300 Con Cal & Va..l D 5 509 Overman .... 25
200 Con Cal & V.I 57% 200 Overman 29
200 Con Cal & V.I 52% 500 Potosi 215
200 Crown Point... 15 200 Sierra Nevada 37
600 Gould * Curry 16 600 Silver Hill OS
200 Hale A Norc... 33 800 Syndicate 05
200 Mexican 25 200 Yellow Jacket.. It
Afternoon Session.
400 Best & Belcher 3S 200 Mexican 24
200 Best & Belcher 37 200 Ophir 77
200 Best & Belcher 39 200 Overman .... 23
200 Chollar 26 1400 Overman 27
250 Con Cal & Va..l 55 200 Savage li
2600 Con Cal & Va..l 60 500 Savage 15
800 Con Cal & Va..l 65 aw Sierra NeVada 37
700 Gould & Curry IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. March B—4 p. m.
? t Bid. Ask Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Kentuck 01 03
Alta 06 07 Lady Wash 02 —
Andes 10 12 Mexican 25 28
Belcher 28 29. Occidental 15 i«
Best & Belcher 39 40 Ophir go 81
Bullion 04 05 Overman n »s
Caledonia 94 95 Potosl « 75
Chollar 25 27 Savage 13 15
Challenge Con.. 22 24|Scorplon — ©2
Conndenoe 78 — Seg Belcher 04 05
Con Cal A Va..l 65 170 Sierra Nevada. 33 39
Con Imperial... — 02|Sllver Hill 08 09
Con New York — 02jSt Louis — 1*
Crown Point.... 14 15 ! Standard 280 —
Exchequer ..... — 04Syndlcate 05 —
Gould & Curry 16 18 Union Con 22 23
Hale & Norc... 31 J3 Utah 09 10
JuH»V.: - 02 Yellow Jacket.. 17 is
Justice 06 OS 1
March B—l V- m.
. Bid. Ask.
Eqult O L Co. 8% 8%
Mutual El Co. — l!^
O G L tt H... 49% 50%
Pac Gas Imp.. 65 —
Pac'.L Co *» 44Vi
S F O & E... — —
San 'Francisco. 4% &
Stockton Gas.. 10 —
Insurance—
Firem's Fund. 2l7 —
Bank stock*—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. — O
Bank of Ca1.. .402% —
Cal B D A T.. S9«4100
First National. 2so 305
Lon P & A.. .133 —
Merchants' Ex 14 —
Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Savings Banks— ?.'
Ger S * L..1800 —
Hum S * L. — —
Mut Say Bk. 45 —
S F Say U. 607% —
Say & L So. 74 78
Sec Say Bk. — .. —.4
Union T Co. — . —
Street Railroads—
1 California 119 12J
«Jeary-st »> —
Market-st Ry. «2 —
O S L & H.... — W
Presidio ....... 14 .—
Powder Stocks-
California ....150 160
Giant Con Co. 90% 91
Vlgorlt..: 1% —
Sugar Stocks—
Hana S P Co. 10 WH
Haw C & 3 Co 88% —
Honokaa S Co. 31 —
Hutch S P Co. 26% 2714.
Kllauea S Co. 19H 19%
Makawell S Co 47% —
Pnomea S Co. 28 2SV»
Paauhau 8 Co. 29% —
Miscellaneous—
Al Pac Aa»n..120%121
Cal Fruit Assn 99%10»
Mer Ex Assn. 99% —
Oceanic S Co. 94% »
Pac A F A... » —
Pac C Bor Co. 147% —
Par Paint Co.. 10 —
THtt CALL CALENDAR.
March. 1900.
THE STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1900.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — * 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight. — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce.... — 69%
Mexican Dollars '. 48% 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The following vessels have cleared
for Cork: Lyderhorn, 23,715 ctls, valued at
$23,100; Cromdale, 66,635 ctls, at $65,CC0; Heath
field.-61,174 ctls, at $61,174; General Gordon,
26,627 ctls, at $28,000; Paul Isenberg, 41,102 ctls,
at $40,000. ¦¦¦
The local market was quiet, though futures
wtre somewhat higher.
Liverpool was slightly lower. Chicago was lc
higher, with more activity reported from the
seaboard. An Immense business In Corn Is be
ing done. The Cincinnati Price Current says
that the supply of Wheat Is larger than can
be distributed before the new crop comes in.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 95c; milling. 97%c@$l.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session — No sales.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. 96% c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls
$lO3ti: 2000, $104; 4000, $104%: 16,000, $104%.
Mby— l4,ooo, 97'/ic; SO.OW 97*iic.
Afternoon Session— December— l6,ooo ctli,
$1 04%; COOO, $1 04%. May— 2ooo. 97% c; 10,000.
97% c. •
BARLEY— Continues dull and nominal at the
decllnj already noted.
The Lyderhorn takes for Cork 11.200 ctls,
valued at $11,200; General Gordon, for Cork,
26,627 ctls, valued at $22,635.
Feed 75c for No.' 1 and 65@72%c for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@87%c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
" Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales. . ,
'¦' OATS— Dealers report moderate sales at quo
tations. Offerings are amole.
White. $1 10®l 30; Red, 95c@$l 17%; Gray,
$1 07%@l 15; Black. 97%c©$l 05.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at 97%c@
$102% per ctl and Eastern Yellow;at $l@l 10;
mixed, $I®l 05 per ctl.
RYE-97%c#$l 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
V lour and Millstuffs.
The- -China steamer took out 15,510 barrels
Flour. ¦ . ¦ . . .
FLOUR— California family, extras. $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75@3 per barrel. .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices "In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to - the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25<33 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels). $6@7 25; In sacks. $5 75©
7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas.
?5 SO per 100 lbs. - . r.'.vv?
ARRIVED.
Thursday. March I.
Etmr Corona. Glelow. 61 hours frcm San
Diego.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwlng, XI hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Point Arena. Har.sen. 22 hour* from
Mendocino.
Stmr City of Puebla. Cousins. 89 hours from
Victoria and Pueet Sound ports.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. 43 hours from
Ean Pedro.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Aberdeen. Htgglns. 5% days from Ta
coma.
CLEARED.
Thursday, March $.
Etmr Czarina, Seaman. Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr George W Elder. Randall. Astoria; O
R & N Co.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms. Guaymas, etc;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Schr Premier, Wagner. Bristol Bay. via
Blalne; Alaska Packers' Association.
SAILED.
Thursday. Ma.^ca L
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea. San Pedro.
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs, Rockport.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle.
Br ship Kelburn. Jones. Queeastown.
Br ship Lyderhcrn. Weston, Liverpool.
Br ship Peleus. Shapland. Queenstown.
• Br bark Pass of Kllllecrankle. Vint. Queeaa*
town.
Schr Nettle Sundborg. Nelson, — *
Schr Newark, Beck. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 8. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SE, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
March 1. lat 49 N. lon 5 W— Br ship Forte
vlot, frcm Tacoma, for Antwerp.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived March B— Bktn J
M Griffith, hence Feb 21.
EUREKA-Sailed March -7— Stmr Orizaba,
for San Francisco.
Arrived March 7— Stmr Laguna. hence March
4. March B— Stmrs Brunswick. North Fork and
San Pedro, hence March 7; schr Lottie Carson,
from San Diego.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived March 8—
Stmr Ruth, from Fort Bragg.
SEATTLE— Arrived March B— Stmr Willa
mette, hence March 4; stmr Cottage City, from
Skaguay; schr Expansion, hence March 2.
Sailed March 7-Sttnr Farallon. for Skaguay:
stmr Rosalie, for Skaguay.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed March 7— Bktn
Monitor, fcr San Francisco; schr Pioneer, for
Honolulu. ¦
Arrived March 7— Schr San Buenaventura,
from San Pedro. March B— Stmr Coqullle River,
hence March 4: stmr Grace Dollar. henc«
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March B— Schr FaN
con. from San Pedro. _,"-'«
PORT TOWN3END— Arrived inward March
B— «chr Joseph Russ. from San Pedro, for Olym
pia; schr Fanny Dutard. from Port Blakeley.
for Ventura: schr Falcon, from San Pedro, fnt
Port Gamble: bark Germanla, hence Feb 22;
hktn Leslie D. hence Feb 27. ¦
Called outward March *— Schr Compeer, from
Port Ludlow. for Honolulu: schr Glendale. frora
Tacoma for Pan Francisco: schr W H Smith,
from Port Blakeler. for Honolulu/
Sailed inward March S-Stmr Cottage CJty.
from Skaguay. for Seattle.
EASTERN PORTS.
NE -VV YORK— Arrived March 7— Stmr Alll
o nnn from Colon. •
Called March 7-Br stmr Atho«. for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
rvLETA BUENA— In sort Feb ?— Ital shl»
VrancfiCO Clampa. for San Francisco.
CUX HAVEN -Pawed March 5— Br shli
Riverside, from Hamburg, for Oregon.
IIVMBURG-Salled March 4-Ger bark. Ber
"vEWCAITT^NSW-Salled March 7-Shl,
Florence, for Honolulu.
HONGKONG— SaiIed March 3— Br stmr Bel.
rlan King, for San Dleso.
MANILA-Salled March 6-U S stmrShert
daa. for San Francisco. -
OCEAN STEAMER 3.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived March 7— Stjnr Allen
from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed MarcH S — Btira
Oceanic, from Liverpool, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed March B— Stmr Trifle, foi
Liverpool: stmr La Champagne, for Havre.
LONDON— Sailed March B— Stmr Foylmor*
for Vancouver.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed March J-fitmr .Werkj
en Jam. for New York. ~ >
Shipping Intelligence.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The rain stops all trading in Hay. Feedstuff s
stand the same.
BRAN— SI2OI3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7S2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $15©17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26(?27; jobbing,
$27 50<@28; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Com Meal,
$23@23 50; Cracked Corn. $23 50@24; Mixed Feed.
$15 50 : Cottonseed Meal, j $23 per ton.
HAY — Wheat, $7@9 ¦ for common to good;
$9 60 for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat
and Oat. $6 50® 9: Oat. $6@B; Barley. $5®7: Al
falfa. $6@7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2S®3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There are no further changes in anything.
The market Is quiet. .
BEANS— Bayos. $3 30®3 40; small White. $3 18
@3 25; large White, $2 9033 10; Pinks. $2 50®
2 85; Reds, nominal; Blackeye. $4 36@4 65; But
ters, nominal; Lima', $5 15<@S 25; Pea. $3 203
3 40; Red Kidneys. $3 So@4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4%@4Xc; Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary.
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9@loc; Rape,. 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4%c;
Timothy. 4<g4%c. ¦
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 50@l 90; Green, $1 75
®2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onioiis and Vegetables.
There Is no change in Onions and Potatoes,
and but little in Vegetables. .
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 75@85c: River Red*.
75@80c; Burbanks. 50@70c • per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 70c@$l 05; Sweet Potatoes. $1 25 for
River and $2 25@2 40 for Merced; New Potatoes.
2%tJ%c.
ONlONS— Oregons, $1 75®2 10 per ctl; Ne
vadas, $2@2 25.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers. 75c t>er
dozen; Rhubarb, 90c@$l 50 per box; Asparagus,
4%@10c; Green Peas. 2%®4c per lb; String
Beans. s®l2V4c; Cabbage. 40@60c; Los Angeles
Tomatoes. 76cS$l 25; Egg Plant from Los An
geles. 8©>10c; Dried Okra, 12% c per lb: Garlic.
2%53%c; Green Peppers from Los Angeles. ;
Dried Peppers, 8@10c; Carrots, 25®35c per sack;
Los Angeles Summer Squash, $I@l 25 per box;
Marrowfat Squash, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
The market is well supplied with Eastern at
the moment, but the demand is good. Prices
are steady. The little Game arriving sella off
well.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@llc for Gobblers
and ll@l2c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, nomi
nal; Geese, per pair. $1 75©2; Goslings, $2 50(83;
Ducks. $4@5 for old and $4®5 for young; Hens,
$4 50®5 60; Young Roosters, $6@« 50; Old Roost
ers. $4 50@5; Fryers, $5 50®6; Broilers, $5©5 50
for large and $3 50@4 50 for small: Pigeons.
$1 23«n 50 per dozen for, old and $1 76®2 for
"GAME— Hare. $I<3>l 25; Rabbits, $I@l 50; Gray
Geese. $2(?3: White. 75cS$l 25: Brant. $1 sOf 2;
Honkers. $3@4 per dozen; EngUsh Snipe. $2 50®
3;' Jack Snipe, $1 60.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There is no change in Butter, Cheese and
Eggs. Suppllw of all three descriptions are
liberal.
, BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, • 21c: seconds, 19
@20c.
Dairy— Fancy, 18@18%c; good to chole*. 16%9
17% c; common, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, B%®9c; old. 8c;
Young America, 9%510c; Eastern. 15016 c;
Western. 13%@15c per lb.
EGGB— Quoted at 11%<512%C for etore and
12%@13%c per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Apples are well cleaned up and higher, with
the arrival of 1000 boxes . from Watsonville.
Oranges are in moderate supply. ¦
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 50<373c per box for common. $1®
1 RO for good to choice and $1 75©^ for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50@2 50
per box; Seedlings. 75c® $1 50; Pomelos, 75c@
$2 50; Lemons. $I@l 50 for common and $2^2 50
for good to choice; - Mexican Limes, $5 50@6;
California Limes, 50@73c; Bananas. $1 2S§2 50
per bunch; Pineapples, $3 60®4 per dozen. ¦
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4®4%c for
40-50' s, J@3%c for 60-60' s, 3®3%c for 60-70" s.
3Vic for 70-80' s, 3c for SO'M's and 2\e for 90
100's: Apricots, 11@12%c for Royals. 12%®15c
for Moorparks and 12@13%c for Blenheims;
Peaches. 6%@6c for Standards, 6%@6%c for
choice and 7®Bc for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10®
12% c: Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried, 59
6%c per lb; Nectarines, B@9c; Pears. 3%j?4%c
for dark and 7@Bc for bright halves; Black
Figs, 2«2%c; White Figs, 2'«3c; Bleached
Plums, Sfli'c: unbleached Plums, 707% c for
pitted and l%c for unpitted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice. 7%c: standard, 6%c;
prime. 6c; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
s'i-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown,* loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crofvn. 6Vic; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. $160 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California. "
NUTS — Chestnuts, BS9c; Walnuts, B©9o for
standards and &Sloe for softshells; Almonds.
11%® 12c for paper shell, 9Q>loe for soft and i'g
6c for hard shell; Peanuts. s\@6\c for Eastern
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, 7%SBc;'Fil
berts, 12@11%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
'hONET- Comb. U%@l2c for bright and 10%@
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7\c: light amber extracted. 7%@7%0; dark,
6%@6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24Q26C per lb.
Provisions.
There is continued . cutting in Hams and
Bacon and buyers secure concessions . from th«
quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%0 per lb , for
heavy, 9%c for light medium. 10% c for light. 12c
for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13@13%c; California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef, $12 perbbl; extra
Mess, $13: Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $14 50;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16;. Smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at ! 6%@7c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
SUe: 10-lb tins, B*ic; 6-lb tins, 9e.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%@8%c per lb; 10-lb
tins. 9%c
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs nnd brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
10%® lie; medium. 9%@10c; light. 9%*&10 c; Cow
hides *9%c; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Calf,
9ug>lbc: Dry Hides, sound. 18c; culls and
brands, 15@16c; Dry Kip and Veal, 17c; Dry
Calf 19®20c; Sheepskins, yearlings, 15030 c
each; short Wool, 35@60c each; medium. 70<g90c;
long Wool, $I®l 25 each; Horse Hides, $2 2jJ>
2 7o for large and 75c@$l 75 for small; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 6@6%c per lb; No.
2 4if4Hc; refined, S%c; grease, 2%@'3c.
WOOtr-
Fall clip. San Joaquin plains 9@loc; South
ern 8@10c; Middle County. ll®13c; Humboldt
and Mendocino. 17©20 c: Eastern Oregon. lZft
16c Valley Oregon. 18@20c; Northern Mountain,
free, ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defectlva, 10iJ
lie per lb.
HOPS-«%©loc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Beyond the continued receipts of Hog* from
the East there is no particular feature to the
market. Prices are unchanged.
BEEF— 6%®7c per/ lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6%@B%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Bc: ewes, 7@7%c per
LAMB— Spring, 10c per lb.
: PORK— Live Hogs, 6c for small and medium
and b%<3s : &G for large; stocks Hogs and feed
ers SVitioVic; dressed Hogs, 7&8% c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6'4@6%c; Wool Bags. 28%@32%c;
FUece Twine, 7%c,
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 60; Seattle,
$6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend.
$S- Co-oporatve Wallsend, $8; Scotch, ; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 60 in sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Cannel, $U
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In
""sugar— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. •in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Pow.
dered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, »He: Dry Gran
ulated. sc; Confectioners' A, sc; Magnolia a
4%c: Extra C. 4%c: Golden C, 4%c; barrels l-18c
more; half-barrels, »4c more: boxes %c more:
50-lb bags. ,%c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or ; its equivalent. Dominos.
half-barrels, 5%c; boxes.- 6c per lb.
Receipts of Produce. '
FOR THURSDAY. MARCH 8.
Flour, qr sks ... 2.850 Hay, tons 444
Wheat, ctls 56,400 Kg**.'. Out 21 urn
Barley, ctls .....56,551 Pelts, bndls 150
Oats, ctls .." 1,105 Quicksilver, flsks 37
Butter.ctls ...... ¦ 310 Wine, gals 59.100
Cheese, ctls ...... 233 Paper, ream* ... 500
Tallow, ctls ...... 446 Lime, bbls m
Potatoes, sks 1,351 Hides.' No .175
Middlings, sks .. 120 Leather, rolls ... 30
Steamer Movements.
Sun rises s . 31
Sun sets..... •:,.
Moon sets, jijj a „.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Local stocks and bonds active and unsettled.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat futures somewhat firmer. Barley dull.
Other cereals quiet and unchanged.
Trading in Hay checked by the rain.
Beans and Seeds dull and unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions quiet. Vegetables steady.
No change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry market amply supplied, but steady.
Apples scarce and higher. Oranges in moderate supply.
Hams and Bacon being ad in the local market.
Hogs continue to arrive freely.
£%S6Vic; short clear sides (boxed), $6@6 10;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon.
81 24. - Sugars— Cut loaf. 6.05 c; granulated. 5.49 c
. Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels " .;........ 39,000 . 61,000
Wheat, bushels .....:.......... 65,000 • 63,000
Corn, bushels 319,000 161.000
Oats, bushels- ........271.000 159.000
Rye. bushels 9.000 2.000
Barley, bushels '. 64.000 32.000
Charters.
The Clan Galbralth was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat and barley to Europe, BSa 9d.
Coin Certificates.
The Government coin certificates In circula
tion February 28 were *a follows:
Gold $32.966,R39 $151.286!537
Bllver 556.400.705 400.103,4*7
Treasury 94.204,459 55.54i.K7
Total ...-. $f.23.572.603 $667,315,051
Hay Receipts for Seventeen Years.
George Morrow & Co. furnish the following
annual receipts of hay at Sa.n Francisco for
twelve months ending June 10. an compiled by
the Sin Francisco Hay Exchange:
I"ear. Tons. iYear. Tons.
1«3 M.1F1'1892 127.595
:<v4 M.I2T ISS3 128.538
188S S4.!*l 1«94 129.32S
ISW 82.473 1595 144.290
ISK7 W..216 1K96 139,729
IMS 1T3.472 1*97 147.769
i?.m m.orr.'isjs 127.116
ISSO 157.KJ.6 ISS9 155.665
JJSI 121.8£S|
The Government Cashbox.
t'nited States Treasurer Ellis H. Roberts re
jv-rts the amount of money on hand at the
clr»e of February as follows:
Cold coin $251.559.C63
Old hull mn 131.632.009
Silver dollars 41K.092.709
Hmall silver 5.30K.M1
Silver bullion 75.3T0.617
Total specie $915.263.?39
T'nited States notes 28.335.650
Treasury notes of 1830 1,252.773
Gold certificates 25.9J4.442
F!!v»r certificates 7,272.017
«'urrency certificates 100.000
National bank notes 3,776.647
Minor coin, etc 453.499
]>e;-<«:ts in national banks 111,793,547
Miscellaneous 150.627
Total $1,097,457,041
There was a further net increase last month
cf nearly $4,000,000 in public money In the
rational banks, the total now held by the
banks being the largest on record, a gain of
marly J24.0n0.f««i in two months. There was
a rain of over $19,000,000 In gold coin and
Jli.ono.ono in gold bullion last month, and a
dei rease of n.4tOMot in fine silver through the
coinage of standard dollars.
The New Financial Bill.
HOW IT IP REGARDED IN WALL STREET.
The Npw Tork circular of Henry Clews says:
"Ati advance movement in this market is held
In check by the prospect of firm money for the
next three or four weeks and the Indisposition
of the big holders to pull together on the long
fide. There is no question whatever but that
the heavy operators are bulls for a long pull;
but for various reasons, Fuch as the troubles
In the traction and gas stocks, they are not
a unit; hence the market fails to respond to
thf many favorable conditions which are crop
ping to the surface almost dally. For the
I-rfsent the new gold standard law has little
effect, V.»oause its enactment has been a fore
gone conclusion for months. Later on. pos
eitily within a few months, it will have a still
further f-rtfet owing to the expansion of the
currency, which it will facilitate. There is
no r.e^d to fear undue inflation. By allowing
the bank* to issue circulation up to the par
value of the new 2 per cent bonds and re
ducing the tax on circulation from 1 per cent
T«>r annum to % of 1 per cent. It is conserva
tively estimated that the bank note circula
tion may be Increased $100. 000,000 and possibly
more. This 1? an Important addition, and Is
likely to be much needed next autumn when
the usual crop demands pet In. Another ex
c»l!*nt feature of the new bill Is the raising
at the treasury reserve from $100,000,000 to $150,
(KlO.Of'O gold, together with additional measures
of protection for th» came. The treasury Is.
still taking funds from the banks. Since Jan
uary 1 there has been an expansion of about
JG0.000,000 in the loans of the associated banks."
Weather Report.
20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March B—s p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
Reason, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Station.- 24 ho"™. season. setso'n.
Eurek* 0.08 41.15 24.23
R«-d Bluff 0.66 18.41 13.39
Pai-ramer.to O.R» 15.25 7.93
S*>n Francisco 0.69 17.02 8.02
Fresno 0.00 7.02 J.S6
In<ir-r* > ndenee 0.00 2.16 1.15
San Luis Obispo o.o* 14.61 7.15
Los Angeles 0.00 6.55 2.95
£an t>:ego 0.00 3.12 8.7J
Vuma 0.00 0.76 1.34
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
©>; minimum. E2; mean. M.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has rlwi rapidly over the north
ern half of the Pacific slope. A etorm which
¦was over the northern portion of the Pacific
•lope lart night is now over the lake region,
having moved with great ra-oidity. The ter
n-Tatur* has remained nearly stationary west
01 t£»» Sierras.
Rain has fallen from San Francisco norts»
ward. No rain Is reported from Southern Cali
fornia.
The river at R»d Bluff is 23.2 feet and fall
ing, the river at M&rysvtlle 15.8 and rising. The
weather is warm in the .mountains and evl-
BeaXty much mow is meltlnr.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight. March 9, IS<X>:
Northern California— Fair Friday; light south
erly winds, changing to westerly.
Southern California— Fair Friday; light north
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
t.'tah— Ldcht raJi» early Friday; cloudy during
the day; colder.
Arizona — Cloudy Friday.
Fan Francleoo an 4 vicinity— Fair Friday; light
Boutherly. changing to we»tprly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
• On the morning ; sessttm of the : Bond - Ex
change Gas & Electric was higher at $53 87%©
Cash, quotations were .as follows:. Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, ' G3%@65c; - No. 2
red. 6S@69e;No. 2 corn. 34% c; No. 2 oats, 23%
®23% c; No. 2 white. 26% c; No. 3. white, 25%©
26c; No. 2 rye. 55«4@56c: No. M barley, 87@39%c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 60; prime timothy seed, $2 35
02 50; mess pork, per barrel,, s9 85@10 80;; lard,
per, loo pounds, $5 52%@5 85; short ribs sides
(loose). $5 756*6 05; dry salted shoulders (boxed).
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March 64% 65% 64% 65%
May 85% 66% 65% 66%
July 66% 67% 66* 67%
Corn No. 2—
March .... .... 34
May 35 35% 35 35%
July 35Vi 35% 35% 35%
September 35V 36% 35% S6>4
Oats No. 2— •
May 13% 23% .23% 23%
July 22% -22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, i>er barrel —
May 10 60 10 80 - 10 67% 10 80
July 10 65 10 85 10 62% 10 85
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May. 5 87%' 695 E 87% 695 .
July 5 95 6 05 5 95 6 05
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — ¦
May 5 82% 5 92% 6 82% ' 5 92%
July ..."685 "6 95 685 695
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. March B.— The market waa
practically relieved to-day of all disturbing
factors in the way of acute weakness of special
stocks. Reports all continued favorable re
garding the outlook for values, but the de
mand for stocks was almost unappreclable.
Even the email buying for Investment based
on large earnings of railroads which has been
In evidence fcr some time past dropped out of
sight to-day. Speculators are refraining en
tirely from commitments for the advance.
On the other hand the bear operators of any
considerable caliber seemed to become dis
couraged by the futility of their efforts and
the culmination of events counted upon for
a. reaction. They made some demonstration
against People's Gas, Consolidated Gas and
Metropolitan Street Railway, but no effect was
produced on the general market. The room
traders tried to *et the sluggish train of prices
in motion In vain. The price changes were
scarcely, ¦uillclent to cover a broker's commis
sion and the inertness of th* market increased
In proportion to the distance from last night's
level, the tendency being to come back to that
level from either below or above It. The iron
and eteel stocks were generally firm on en
couraging opinions expressed by authorities in
the trade. The maintenance of the St. Paul
dividend at the existing rate found do re-
CHICAGO. March B.— At the beginning of the
session in the wheat pit to-day there were two
considerations which were shortly afterward
lost sleht of— easier cables and the Price Cur
rent assertion that the marketable supply of
wheat was much greater than could be dis
tiibuted before a new crop. With these things
in mind the market opened easier. May %@V4o
down at 65%865%c to 65%<g65%c. The factors
in the easiness were soon eliminated, however,
by the strength of Liverpool for spot wheat'
under which the market reacted. As the ses
sion proceeded the bull position was further
fortlftfd by the strength of New York for cash,
talk of a big export business— so boatloads—
which was reported to have been done late
yesterday, and some uneasiness over reports
of more platrue cases In Argentina. May ad
vanced to 6Sc early and clung around that fig
ure for some time. Near the end of the session
renewed buying pressure resulted in a bulge
which carried May to 66% c. The close was
strong. May %c over yesterday at 66%@66%c.
• The corn market was strong and fairly active
The opening was easy. May He lower In sym
pathy with the early dip In wheat, but there
after the course was upward. May closed %@
Me over yesterday.
Oats were dull but steady with corn and
closed firm. Receipts were moderate and the
shipping demand slow. May closed a shade
improved. '
The provision market opened unchanged, but
the development of a good cash demand, both
domestic and export, together with.light-offer
ings and the strength of grain, caused a rally
and some activity. Liverpool was 6d higher
for lard and the demand here was especially
good. May pork closed • 17%@20c -* over yester
day. May lard 6®7%c up and May ribs 7%@10c
improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
The Day Was Hers.
For a good many years a modest young
man with a clean public record had a
praiseworthy ambition to be the Governor
of his State, said the Ohio State Journal
the day after Judge Nash waa inaug
urated. %
Upon more than one occasion the prize
seemed to be his, but another man won
The man was as patient as he was mod
est, and she who was the partner of his
hopes— the sharer of his joyg and disap
pointments — consoled him with a wifely
tenderness that robbed defeat of its stinir
and kept alive the flame of his honorable
ambitions. She believed In him, thoujrht
the exigencies of politics overlooked her
hero. She knew him worthy of all honor
and when he seemed to falter it was her
whisper that recalled him to the goal She
never doubted the future. She knew the
nobility of the man herself and was con
fident. ¦Mnußjriß
• Time went on and the greatest Brief
came to him. The wife died. More years
passed. The cycle of events swung a
gubernatorial nomination to him. A spirit
ed campaign of national importance fol
lowed, and then a triumphal victory Mo
mentous happenings crowded Into his life
He was the central figure of one State
with a nation of other States looking on.
The preparations for his induction into
office were elaborate and ceremonious.
The capital swarmed with a multitude In
hla honor. Inauguration day was his
day. • • •
_ As the sun cam© up a man drove
through the city Just awakening to the
important functions of the memorable
day, the greatest; and most brilliant ever
accorded a Governor of the State.
There was nothing, in the , modest con
veyance to excite attention. The man
took his way along the quiet streets and
across the city to the cemetery.
The Governor-elect stood alone beside a
grave that was sacred to him. There was
a- smaller- one beslde.it. The glorious
warmth of a gorgeous sunrise bathed the
earth.
L; After all the day, waa heri. -.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was Btrong:* creamery, 19'924%c: dairy.
16%@22c. Cheese, firm. 12@13c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 15%@16c.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographle 'Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal
March S, 1900. H '
The time ball was not dropped to-day, owing
to weakness of the noon signal.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
United . States Coast and Geodetic Survey-.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to Sa-
Franclsco Bay. Published by official au"
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Polrt
the height of tide Is the same at both places '
NOTE.. In the abort expositlcn of Uw tides
(he early morr.in* tides are given In th« left
hand co'umn and the successive tides of the
day In the order nf occurrence as to time. Th*
second time column gives the second tide o?
the day, the third time column the third tl<s»
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— > precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low water*.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening .V. 5 10H 5 9% 5 8%
Closing 5 10% 5 9ft 5 8%
PARIS.
Wheat— Mar. May-Aug.
Opening 19 65 20 70
Closing 19 70 20 70
' Flour— 7- --~ti:i . ¦" "
Opening 25. C5 26 70
Closing ..25 65 26 75
Eastern Livestock M-.vkct.
CHICAGO, March B.— CATTLE— Receipts, 12.
500; opened generally steady, closed weak with
yesterday's advance lost. One load 1247-pound
yearlings, $5 80; native good to prime steers.
$4 10®6; poor to medium. $4@4 SO; selected feed
ers, active, $4 15ig4 SO; mixed stockers, steady,
$3 40@3 90; cows. $3@4 25; heifers. $3 1534 66;
canners, |2 40@3: bulls, steady, $3@4 40; calves,
weaker, $4,75@7 73; Texans. receipts, 300: Texas
fed steers, shade lower, $3 90@4 90; Texas bulls,
steady, $3 25@3 75. v, ":
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 24,000; to-morrow.
25.000 estimated: left over, 2500: active, averaged
shade higher: closed weak, 10c lower. Mixed
and- butchers', $4@4 85; good to choice heavy,
$1 »o@s: coarse heavy. $4 73@4 85; light. $4 70®
4 92H: bulk of sales. $4 57%@4 95.
• SHEEP— Receipts. 14,000: generally steady for
sheep; lamba opened steady, closing 10c lower.
Good to choice wethers. $5 r.3®5 95: fair to
choice mixed $4 75@5 50; Western sheep, $5 50
fj 90; yearlings. $5 So@6 40: native lambs. $5 40
7 50; Western lambs, $6@7 40.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, March B.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 7000; market steady to shade lower;
native steers. $3 70#5 45; Texas steers, $3@4 95;
Texas cows, $2 50® 3 75; native cows and heif
ers, -$2 25@4 25; stockers and feeders, $3 65®
6 60: bulls. $3 10.fi 4 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 12.000; market strong: bulk
of sales, $4 7504 87%; heavy. "$4 7"%@4 92%;
packers, $4 75(54 82%; mixed, $4 65@4 85; light,
$4 45@4 77%; ybrkers, $4 70® 4 77%; pigs, $3,75®
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000; market steady;
lambs. $4 00@6 50; muttons. $3 00*36 20.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, March B.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1600;
market steady: native beef steers, $3 85(f?5 50:
cows and heifers. $3 25@4 15: canners, $2 25®
8 00; stockers and feeders, $3 60@5 00; calves,
$3 50(97 25: bulls, stags, etc., $2 80(^4 00.
HOGS— Receipts. 7500; market a shade higher;
heavy, $4 72%@4 82%; mixed, $4 70@4 72%; light,
$4 50@4 77%; pigß, $4 00®4 70; bulk of sales,
$4 70@4 72%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8100: market steady to 10c
lower: yearlings, $5 75(J?6 35: Western muttons,
$5 40@5 90; itockers, $4 OOQS 00; lambs, $6 25®
7 10.
New York Grain and Produce.
LONDON. March B.— There was a good at
tendance at the wool auction sales to-day.
Greasy merinos were spiritedly competed for
by French and Russian representatives.. There
were good inquiries for scoured by the home
and Continental buyers. Crossbreds were well
represented, American buyers securing a good
portion. Cape of Good Hope and Natal wool*
were neglected. The number of sales aggre
gated 1345 bales. Large catalogues were offered
and, business was active and firm.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, March B.— The- general charac
ter of the metal market remains unsatisfactory.
Plglron closed very dull; lake copper ruled In
active, but nominally steady, closing unchanged
at $16 25: tin had a nominal advance of 25
points, closing dull at {34 30: local figures nom
inal: lead ruled quiet at unchanged prices,
as did also spelter, and both closed $4 7(X{M 75.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 45 and for
copper $16 60.
Sales of Sheepskins.
LONDON, March 8. — A sale of sheepskins
was held to-day and 3983 were offered. There
was an a% - erage attendance present and about
2750 bales were sold. The general support of
the sale was moderate and the Continental
buyers bought less than usual. Australian
combing crossbreds sold %d lower and merino
clothing iold %d lower.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, March B.— Clearings, $355,263;
balances. $81,870.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. March B.— WHEAT— Buyers
here are not quoting over 51c to 52c for Walla
Walla, but where wheat is wanted for special
purposes lc advance over these figures Is some
times offered; valley, 61@52c: blue stem, 53j?54c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. March B.— Consols, 100 9-160
100 11-16; silver. 27% d; French rentes, 102f 10c.
Wheat cargoes oft coast, nothing doing; car
goes on passage, nominal and unchanged; car
goes Walla Walla, 27s 6d; cargoes Oregon,
29s 7%d: English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, March B.— Wheat firm; wheat
In Paris, steady: flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 13-32 d.
CLOSlrs G.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 Northern spring, firm,
6s Id. Futures, steady; March, 6s 10% d; May,
5s 9%d: July, os B%d.
CORN — Spot American mixed (new) steady,
3s 9<l; old, steady, 3s 9Ud. Futures, steady;
May. 3s 9%d; July. 3s 6d. -
m
8
Mo
We
Th.l Ft. 9a. jO
few Moot
March 1.
«
»
•
1 1 S '& "rsi Quarts
T * _J_ JOL (7* i^nuMoon.
U IT M 17 W March la -
—
"iT ][ j<[ JL JL 5 «. € L M^h a a"
]fi 18 r 28 29 90 81 A New Moon.
. W March JO.
March 33.
Steamer. | From. I Due.
!
From.
Due
1
Aberdeen Puget Sound !Mar. 9
San Jos* Arapuleo 'Mar. 9
City of Puebla Victoria & Puget Sound Mar! 9
A. Blanchard.. Ooos Bay -..IMar. 9
Maiiposa Sydney IMar. •
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 10
Bonlta Newport Mar. 11
Tellua Oyster Harbor 'Mar. ir»
Arcata Cooa Bay 'Mar. W
Hathor Hambunr !Mar. 10
Newburgr Grays Harbor | Mar. 10
State of Cal iPortland IMar. 11
Rcbt. AdamsonlNanalmo IMar. 11
Newport Panama Mar. 11
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. 11
North Fork Humboldt Mar U
Progrreso Tacoma Mar. 1?
Washtenaw ... Tacoma Mar. it
Homer Portland Mar. 1?
Wellington Oyster Harbor Mar. 12
Pomona Pan Dlejro Mar. 1?
Pan Pedro Humboldt Mar. 12
Queen Victoria A Puget Sound Mar. 13
Gaelic China and Japan. IMar. 1-1
Orizaba Humboldt IMar. 13
Empire Coos Bajr Mar. 13
Benmohr Oyster Harbor Mar. 1.1
Cooa Bay Newport Mar.lt
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 14
Matteawan .... Tacoma IMar. It
Point Arena.... Point Arena |Mar. 13
Geo. W. Elder. Portland IMar. 1U
Corona San Diejro IMar. 18
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Steamer. I Destination. I
Sails
, t t
i
Humboldt Mar. 9. 10 am! Pier 13
Portland Mar. 9. 10 amlPier 21
Nafnl City | Grays Harbor Mar. 9. It in | Pier 23
Corona San Diego Mar. 10, 11 ami Pier 11
Acapulco .. Panama Mar. 10. U mIPMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 10, Ipm Pier I
Orizaba .... Huraboldt Mar. 10. Ipm Pier 9
City Paebla Vie & Put Sd. Mar. 12. 10 am Pl-r 9
Bcnlta Newport Mar. 12. 9amlPlerlt
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 12, 19 am I Pier 13
Pomona San DJesro Mar. 14, UanvPterll
State of Cal Portland Mar. 14. 10am!P1er2»
Homer Orecon Ports. I Mar. 14. 10am!Pler20
Newbursr -- Grays HarborjMar. 14. 1J ml
North F*>rk Humboldt Mar. 15, 9am!Pter I
City P»klng China* Japan I Mar. 15. 1 pmIPIZSS
Coos Bay... (Newport |Mar. IS. SamlPlerll
Mo
We
Th.l Ft. 9a. jO
few Moot
March 1.
«
»
•
1 1 S '& "rsi Quarts
T * _J_ JOL (7* i^nuMoon.
U IT M 17 W March la -
—
"iT ][ j<[ JL JL 5 «. € L M^h a a"
]fi 18 r 28 29 90 81 A New Moon.
. W March JO.
March 33.
C Time - Time Time Time
t Ft. Ft. Ft. ! pt
• H W L. W H W L. vr\
> ... 5:35 4.1 12:53 0.4 8:«5« 4.j|."... I
L. W H "W Li TV [H Wl
10 ... 0:59 3.2 8:48 5.0 1:54 0.3 8:«j * 4
11 ... »:05 ».l 7:55 6.0 2:41 0.J 9:SS! 4 »
11 ... 1:59 1.7 8:54 S.O 3:20 0.4 10:]»l s 0
13 ... S:43 1.3 9:48 5.1| 8:54 0.61 10:42' 3 1
14 ... 4:20 1.9 10:33 5.1 4:30j 0.9! lll.V s'»
15 ... 4:55 l.«| 11:15 5.0 5:00| 1.1 U:SSj B.t
Steamer. | From. I Due.
!
From.
Due
1
Aberdeen Puget Sound !Mar. 9
San Jos* Arapuleo 'Mar. 9
City of Puebla Victoria & Puget Sound Mar! 9
A. Blanchard.. Ooos Bay -..IMar. 9
Maiiposa Sydney IMar. •
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 10
Bonlta Newport Mar. 11
Tellua Oyster Harbor 'Mar. ir»
Arcata Cooa Bay 'Mar. W
Hathor Hambunr !Mar. 10
Newburgr Grays Harbor | Mar. 10
State of Cal iPortland IMar. 11
Rcbt. AdamsonlNanalmo IMar. 11
Newport Panama Mar. 11
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. 11
North Fork Humboldt Mar U
Progrreso Tacoma Mar. 1?
Washtenaw ... Tacoma Mar. it
Homer Portland Mar. 1?
Wellington Oyster Harbor Mar. 12
Pomona Pan Dlejro Mar. 1?
Pan Pedro Humboldt Mar. 12
Queen Victoria A Puget Sound Mar. 13
Gaelic China and Japan. IMar. 1-1
Orizaba Humboldt IMar. 13
Empire Coos Bajr Mar. 13
Benmohr Oyster Harbor Mar. 1.1
Cooa Bay Newport Mar.lt
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 14
Matteawan .... Tacoma IMar. It
Point Arena.... Point Arena |Mar. 13
Geo. W. Elder. Portland IMar. 1U
Corona San Diejro IMar. 18
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Steamer. I Destination. I
Sails
, t t
i
Humboldt Mar. 9. 10 am! Pier 13
Portland Mar. 9. 10 amlPier 21
Nafnl City | Grays Harbor Mar. 9. It in | Pier 23
Corona San Diego Mar. 10, 11 ami Pier 11
Acapulco .. Panama Mar. 10. U mIPMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 10, Ipm Pier I
Orizaba .... Huraboldt Mar. 10. Ipm Pier 9
City Paebla Vie & Put Sd. Mar. 12. 10 am Pl-r 9
Bcnlta Newport Mar. 12. 9amlPlerlt
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 12, 19 am I Pier 13
Pomona San DJesro Mar. 14, UanvPterll
State of Cal Portland Mar. 14. 10am!P1er2»
Homer Orecon Ports. I Mar. 14. 10am!Pler20
Newbursr -- Grays HarborjMar. 14. 1J ml
North F*>rk Humboldt Mar. 15, 9am!Pter I
City P»klng China* Japan I Mar. 15. 1 pmIPIZSS
Coos Bay... (Newport |Mar. IS. SamlPlerllDeath of Arthur Pocock.
ALAMEDA, March B.— Arthur Ferdi
nand Pocock died this morning at his
home, 1009 Union street. He was a well
known young man and prominent In soci
ety circles. For a number of years he
was employed with tho North American
! Commercial Company, and spent a good
) portion of his time In Alaska, where th<»
j rigors of the northern climate broke down
I his health. He was a native of San Fran-
I cisco and 21 years of age.
Mrs. Sargent Granted a Divorce.
OAKLAND, March B.— Superior Judge
Ellsworth to-day granted Mrs. Mary F.
Sargent a divorce from Edward O. Sar
sent on the ground of willful desertion,
n the same ground Cornelia French this
afternoon tiled suit for a divorce from
E. B. French. Mrs. Annie Tait has been
granted a divorce from James Talt of
Alameda on the ground of cruelty. Plain
tiff was awarded custody of two minor
children and $10 monthly alimony.
REV. MR. SMITH WILL BE
GRANTED A DIVORCE
OAKLAND, March B.— All of the furor
created over the possibility of Mrs. Laura
Smith lighting the divorce suit brought by
her husband. Rev. Guy W. Smith, pastor
of the First Christian Church of this city,
has gone for naught. Mrs. Smith has al
lowed the case to go by default, and to
day Court Commissioner Babcock heard
the testimony of the plaintiff and his wit
nesses. The Court Commissioner has rec
| ommnr.ded that a decree be granted on the
| ground of desertion, the sensational
charge of Infidelity not being pressed.
SHERIFF IS SUSPICIOUS.
Will Investigate the Alleged Suicide
of William Schwan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, March B.— Henry
Schwan, who resides on the Home Ranch
adjoining the Petrified Forest, arrived in
this city early this evening and reported
to the Sheriff that his brother William
had committed suicide. According: to the
story told by Henry he had heard the re
port of a rifle In the room occupied by his
brother, and rushing to the scene found
that ho had placed the muzzle of a rifle
in his mouth and In some manner pulled
the trigger. As the front of Henry s coat
was covered with blood the Sheriff be
came suspicious and he, with the District
Attorney, has gone to the ranch to make
a thorough investigation.
It Is known that both of the men have
been drinking heavily of late. It is also
known that a woman named Fields has
been living on the ranch for some time
and that William, the suicide, recently
had trouble over her with another man.
which ended in a fight. Considering all
these facts the Sheriff deemed It advisable
to go out to the ranch and make an in
vestigation In order to preclude the possi
bility of evidence of a crime being ob
literated. _
STEAMERS OVERDUE.
News of the Wolcott and Excelsior
Anxiously Watched For.
: SEATTLE, March B.— To March 4, the
date the Cottage City, which arrived In
port to-day, sailed from Sitka, no word
had been received from the . westward
steamer Wolcott,' and nothing had been
heard of the steamer Excelsior, which
wan then long overdue from Valdes.
The Cottage City's advices do not tend
to allay the anxiety which has prevailed
for weeks past concerning the Wolcott.
There la much uneasiness despite the re
port brought by the bark Mermaid to the
effect that the Wolcott sailed from-Una
laaka on her return to Sitka January 24.
These advices disclose that the Wolcott
had already consumed thirty-nine days In
the voyage— more than twice the time she
ordinarily required In running from Un
alaska to Sitka. The Wolcott, under any
thlnir like favorable conditions, should
have reached Sitka ten days before the
sailing of the Cottage City. -
The perplexing situation Is intensified
from the fact that nothing is known tof
the Excelsior. That vessel was scheduled
to sail from Seattle March 1 for Alaska,
and even four days later she had not ar
rived at Sitka from the westward.
¦ ¦ .-..;. -? - ¦ ; i ¦'..•.
PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATIONS.
Names Sent to the Senate by the Ex
ecutive for Confirmation. ,
WASHINGTON, March B.— The Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomina
tions to the Senate: y ; s
interior— To be Indian agents: James H.
Monteith^Butte i City, Mont., for the Black
foot Agency, Montana: George W. Hayslett of
Arizona, for tha Navajo - Indians In New
M Armv— Infantry: ¦"" Second ' lieutenants to be
flrVt lieutenant«-L: P. Schlndell. Sixth: George
B Pond. Third; D-. T. . Merrill. Twelfth; A.
M. WetheriU, Sixth: C. N. Murphy. Twenty
second: T. A. Baldwin Jr., Twenty-fourth; G.
H^Shields Jr., Twelfth: E. H. Cook, Tenth;
A L Conder, Eighteenth;; J. B. Kemper,
Fourteenth : J. ¦W. • Barnes. Eighteenth ; I. A.
Baxton, Fourth; G. E. Thorn, T wen ty-second;
N. B. Holland. Twenty- third; Alfred Aloe,
Eighteenth; T. J. Fealy.i Fifth; F. W. Itowell.
Second ; H. A. Drumm, Twelfth: J. M. Camp
bell. Twenty-fifth. Cavalry— To be second lieu
tenant: Private F. W. Fonda, Troop B, Third.
Volunteer army, Porto Rico Regiment—Cap
tain William E. Almy, Fifth Cavalry, to be
major; Joseph Lugo Vina' of Porto Rico, act
ing assistant surgeon, U. S. A., to be assistant
surgeon with rank of captain.
IS NOT SEEKING TO
RE-ENTER POLITICS
Ex-President Benjamin Harrison Dis
pleased by Statements to the
Contrary.
INDIANAPOLIS, March B.— The News
Bays this afternoon that It Is stated by In
timate friends of General Harrison that
he Is chagrined that his name should be
so freely used In the newspapers of tho
country in connection with public ques
tions now under consideration.
I Efforts to make it appear that he Is
planning to step forward as an anti-ad
mlnistratlon leader, with the hope that
he may be called on to become a candi
date for President, are, it is said, especi
ally dlstatsteful. His friends say he has
not the slightest desire to re-enter politics
and that all references to his political as
pirations are gratuitous.
WOOL GROWERS ADJOURN.
Officers Elected and Place of Next
Ueeting Selected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' BOISE. Idaho, March B.— The convention
of the Pacific Northwest .Wool Growers'
Association , adjourned to-day sine die,
after three days' session. Officers were
elected as follows:
President— Frank R. Goodlng of Idaho.
Vice Presidents— l* I* Ormiby of Idaho, J.
G. Edwards of Oregon, S. B. Calderhead of
Washington, Colonel Malone of Montana, James
S. Leary of Utah, Tim Ktnney of Wyoming.
Secretary-^. W. Bailey of Portland. Treas
urer—C. E. Ladd of Portland. • .
Executive Committee —J. • M. Johnson of
Idaho, W. G. Ayres of Oregon, S. A. LagTova
of "Washington, S. N. Larrabee of Montana,
F. I*. Onwald of Utah. Colonel E. R. Snow of
Wyoming. • ' .
The'next meeting will be held in Pendle
ton. Or., next March. ,
Pacific Coast Pensions.
Special rMspatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March B.— California-
Original: James Newman, Riverside, $8.
Original widows' special, accrued Febru
ary 24— Minor of Aaron D. Hathaway,
Stockton, $10; Mallnda A. Padon, Palms.
$8 00. •
Oregon— Restoration and increase: Ozias
D.Keeler, dead, Wallowa, $10 to $12. , In
crease—Fielding A. King, Corvallls, $6
to $8. ¦-' .
Washington— Original: John H. Thomas,
Fisher, $». Increase— A. A. Brown, Sol
diers' Home. Orting, $8 to $12; Dewltt C.
Cady. Seattle, $12 to $16.
Death of John Lucas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
March B.— Another of Marln's
pioneers -passed" away : at his "home hero
to-day. John Lucas came to this country
from Ireland In 1850 and at one time oi
his life owned many acres of land around
Novato and San Rafael. He was 70 years
of age at ¦ the , time of his death.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
but it has been the experience of the
writer that beginners make better pro
gress by removing the diaphragm from
the lens part before focusing, to be re
placed after the focusing, it would, of
course, be an impossibility to lay down
any Ironclad rule for choosing the stop,
as different subjects will require different
depths of focus. It must be understood
that the diaphragm ia used for two pur
poses. First, to secure greater depth of
focus. The smaller the diaphragm the
greater the depth, or the farther back it
will cut the picture sharp. But the draw
back in making too small a diaphragm
is that It will require a considerable In
crease In exposure.
¦ The second consideration !n using the
diaphragm Is that it corrects spherical and
other aberrations that are In the lens.
The chief point to be remembered In us
ing the diaphragm Is to use the largest
possible, for It requires le6s time and the
picture Is better. The smaller the dia
phragm the flatter the field, or, in other
words, the more sameness the picture will
have. It should be the aim to secure as
Perfect perspective or distance as possl
le, and if too small a diaphragm Is used
It will bring the distance into nearly tha
same focus as the foreground, thus cans
ing the flatness spoken of above. About
the simplest rule that could be given for
the choosing of a diaphragm Is to focus
on the central figure or object In the pic
ture with the diaphragm out and then
put In different sizes until the one Is
found that gives the effect of the dis
tance receding gradually until the farth
est distance la of a misty appearance;
but even the distance farthest from the
camera should be distinct enough to show
what It Is composed of. It will be found
that the diaphragms are all numbered
and run in numbers like thin— xi or xVi
or xIC and so on. These numbers are
only to indicate the size of the diaphragm,
but It Is best not to rely on any number,
but to educate the eye to see all that la
in the picture to be made.
Timing the Exposure.
After the diaphragm has been placed in
the lens a careful examination snoufd ba
made of the object as It appears on i the
ground glass to decide upon the time of
exposure. This Is another point where It
will take experience to become anywhere
near accurate. One method that Is sug
gested for the beginner to follow Is to
look flxedly at the object to be photo
graphed, keeping the eyes as near the
center of It as possible for twenty-five
seconds, and then, without looking at any
thing else, to put the head under the
focusing cloth, examine the image on the
ground glass and count the number of
seconds it takes to see the detail in the
very deepest shadow. Whatever that
number may be will be the time it will
take to get a good negative. However,
some plates require less time than others.
This method Is good if the regular land
scape plates as put out by the different
manufacturers are used.
If It has been decided that a landscape
Is wanted It will require close study to
find out Just what will look well In such
a picture. A bit of scenery which looks
very attractive to the eye may make a
very ordinary picture. When we look at
a view we can see more with the eye than
the lens will take in. The landscape,
should be broken in lt« nature. Over
come "sameness" as much as possible.
Select the bit of scenery that will cause
one to examine the picture closely.
After the view has been decided upon It
is then necessary that the light fall Just
right to bring out what we want to show
to advantage and to cover up those things
which we should like to remain In tha
DIAPHRAGM. SHOTTING RE
VOLVING DISK.
background. As In the case of photo
graphing a building; the sun should never
fall upon the lens. Select a time of day
when the iuq is off to the side and back
of the camera. See that the sky Una Is a
little above the center of the picture. If.
however, the view to be photographed haa
an especially pretty cloud effect It would
be well to drop the line a trifle to secure
the clouds, as they are sure to add to the
beauty of the view. In the choice of a
piece of scenery, tho selection should be
made. If possible, fiom a point where tha
immediate foreground Is of a pleasing na
ture. It is this part of the picture that
will catch the eye of the beholder at the
first glance.
To bring out the perspective better and
to help one judge better of the distance 1c
a landscape it Is advisable so to arrange
the point of view as to have some object
such as a tree, bowlder, stump or some
thing of like nature in the middle fore
ground. Be sure to have It off slightly to
one side of the plate. This will give some
thing by which distance may be measured
with the eye. If there are to be figures
or stock or a house Included In the land
scape these should never occupy the cen
ter of the picture. "Where they come di
rectly In the center they become the "cen
ter of attraction." to the detriment of the
remainder of the picture. .; \
V. — THE FIRST PICTURE.
BY GEORGE W. GILSON.
It Is sometimes almost Impossible to get
just the light that Is wanted. For in
stance, it would be out of the question to
make during the middle of the day a suc
cessful negative of a building facing the
north, for we would be facing or pointing
the lens directly at the sun, which Viould
never be done. In addition to the reflec
tion on the lens we would not be able to
secure the proper amount of definition or
detail In the front of the building. It
would be In shadow, while all the other
surrounding parts would be In strong
light. These parts would be too white for
the front of the building, giving what is
known as too much contrast. In the case
of a house facing the east it would b« bet
ter to make the exposure when the sun
has reached the point where it falls Just
a little off to the side of the front. Of
course. If we have a house to photograph
that Is facing the west tho exposure
should not be made. until after the eun
has passed the meridian far enough to fall
on the side and front. A house facing tho
south is the easiest of all' to handle, as It
can be made either in the morning or aft
ernoon.
For the first trial let us agree that a
house be chosen for the subject. Let us
suppose that the proper light Is now on
the subject. We proceed by setting up
our camera on its tripod. It should bo so
placed as to be perfectly steady. The best
way to secure the most desirable results
and at the same time have the tripod so
that It will not interfere with the move
ments of the operator in focusing Is to s«H
up the tripod so that one leg of it point*
directly toward the object to be photo
graphed. By this means the remaining
two legs will be In such a position that
one may stand between them In arrang
ing the camera.
After the camera Is In position and tho
sort^v of the tripod which holds the cam
era has been tightly set, the cap Is taken
from the lens, the shutter opened by U3lng
the "time exposure," and we are ready to
focus our picture on the ground-glass
screen at the back of the camera.
The opaque focusing cloth ¦Is then
thrown over the back of the camera and
brought closely down over the head In
such a manner as to shut out all possible
daylight from the back of the camera.
The only light we want is that which
comes thrcugh> the lens at the front.
Focusing is generally done by means of
a screw at the front of the camera, which
racks out or in, as the case may be, thus
increasing or decreasing the distance of
the lens from the screen. This focuses
the ray of light passing from the object
through the lens to the screen, making
the picture clear and distinct upon tha
glass. As the picture becomes sharply
focused upon the screen we notice first
that it Is reversed, or upside down. (The
reason for this is given in the chapter on
lenses.) We soon get accustomed to soelug
our pictures and focusing them in this
upside-down position."
While focusing we have opened the lans
wide, and having now focused the image
on the ground glass as sharply as possi
ble, paying particular attention to a point
about one-third the length of- the plate,
we must make use of the diaphragms, or
stops.
If our camera has a shutter the dia
phragms are fixed In the shutter, and
either represent a revolving disk with dif
ferent sized openings or open and close by
means of little winga pivoted together,
called iris diaphragms.
If the camera has no shutter, what are
termed waterhouse diaphragms are used.
These are sets of metal plates with open-
Ings of different diameters. Any particu
lar plate or diaphragm may be placed in
the H. diaphragm slot which is cut in the
lens for the purpose. ,' *
One reason for selecting a house or
building for a first trial of focusing the
Image correctly on the plate Is to demon
strate the use of the sliding front and the
swing back. If the camera is set up per
fectly leyel we will probably find that we
have quite an expanse of foreground, but
only one-half or three-quarters of the
house (or height) on the ground glass.
This is caused by the house being so
much higher than the camera. If one
could ascend a platform that would place
the camera on a level with the center of
the house this trouble would be avoided,
but this, of course, Is Impossible. • The dif
ficulty is overcome .by having the front of
the camera so that it can be raised or
lowered. There is a thumbscrew on the
side of the front of the camera. This
needs only to be loosened, when the whole
front can be raised to the height required.
The screw should then be tightened, thus
holding the front in place. It sometimes
happens that even by raising the sliding
front to Its greatest height the -. entire
building cannot be focused upon the
ground glass, a portion ofthe upper part
of the building: still being cut off. In this
case we have to resort to lifting the cam
era upward— l. c., pointing the lens slight
ly toward the top of the building— as one
of the fundamental, rules of the photo-
MISS MATTIE OVERMAN.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, 1118 Broadway, March 8.
OUT of a sea of scandal and shame which seemed bound to overwhelm
her, Mattie Overman, the central figure in the celebrated church trial
of the Rev. Charles O. Brown, on© time pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church of San Francisco, has risen as a leader in reform and
philanthropic work among girls and young women.
Friends of the young woman in Oakland, who have been watching her
rapid advanc« in her chosen field of charitable labor, have received news that
gratifies them beyond measure. Miss Overman has attained bucß promi
nence that she Is now at the head of the Washington, D. C, branch of the
Florence Crittenton missions, whose rescue work has attained an International
reputation.
Her career has been one of remarkable success and Revivalist Crittenton,
the millionaire founder of the missions, has given the young woman every
opportunity to develop herself as one of the most active workers in, the
country- Her ministrations and labors have, it is claimed, saved scores and
scores of girls from destruction. Her work, undertaken after she sought
refuge from the public gaze in the Crittenton home at Los Angeles, has pros
pered to a remarkable degree, and it has demonstrated her peculiar fitness
for the field of labor she has chosen.
Many of the Incidents which marked her hard path after the trial and con
viction of the Rev. Dr. Brown have never been made public. Driven from
pillar to post, the ostracized woman finally sought shelter at the Southern
California mission. Then came her confession to the Rev. J. K. McLean of
this city. Miss Overman determined to enlist in the band of Crittenton res
cuers. For a time she remained In Los Angeles, and at the outset her mar
velous success speedily attracted attention from those In charge.
Later Mr. Crittenton became directly interested In the newcomer. She was
sent to the Northwest, remaining there for a time, and subsequently Miss
Overman was transferred to Chicago, where she accomplished much g-ood in
the slums and among the fallen sisterhood.
There was need of some such worker as herself at the national capital,
where is located one of the largest branches of this mission work In the
T'nited Slates, and Miss Overman was sent there, where she maintained the
reputation which had preceded her, and under her practical and well-directed
efforts, many a girl has been turned to the right path.
Miss Overman's friends say she was attracted to this field largely by the
suffering ehe endured after the exposure of her relations with Dr. Brown.
They declare that she was denied even the privilege of occupying rooms in
a public hotel at Stockton; that under assumed names she was compelled to
-peek a home far away from a.ll who had known her, and that whenever her
Identity Mas disclosed she was compelled to depart.
Driven to the verge almost of suicide, the helpless and contrite woman
had only two courses left open, and she chose to ask the sheltering protection
of the mission home. Her companion In much of her trouble was Mrs. Mary
F. Tunnell, known as the missing witness in the Brown case. She has taken
up her reslder.ee In Oakland and still keeps In close touch with Miss Over
man In her work among the unfortunate.
WILL MAINTAIN
THEIR FIGHT TO
KILL THE PLAN
though it is stated owing to the apparent
hostility that the company for the time
being will abandon all effort to enforce
the measure, the men are credulous and
to crystallize the opposition another meet-
Ing of employes Is called for Saturday
night.
Railroad Men Will Insist on
a Representation at
Headquarters.
Officials' Efforts to Quash Opposition
Meet No Encouragement From
Oakland Employes of the
System.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 8.
From the point of view of the brother
hood employes of the Southern Pacific
Company the situation with relation to
the relief department has assumed a very
unsatisfactory i-haee during the past for
ty-eight hours. On all sides it is now rec
ognized that the railroad officials are en
gaged in an active campaign in an effort
to offset the agitation among the men.
The insurance scheme is said to be one
of the pet plans of President Huntlngton,
and there appears to be unusual desire on
the part of subordinate officials to have
matter* straightened out before Uncle
Collls" arrival next month in San Fran
cisco.
Despite the carefully promulgated assur
ances from headquarters, the men here
feel that they should not relax one whit
In their efforts to make out a strong c»ee
aeainst the relief bureau. The brother
hood* have kept closely to their original
programme of organization, the meetings
of the various orders having been held
this week according to schedule. The en
gineers on Friday evening will consider
•what stand to take. It is certain that
Iceland Stanford Division, the local lodge,
will follow in line with the other brother
hoods and s>end a r< presentation to form
part of the general grievance committee.
That there must be a modification of the
rcherne as now presented before the pre.it
majority of workmen interested will iw
*-atisfled Is definitely settled among th«
m«rn The question of deepest import is
to what lengths shall the men go to make
*-ood thplr demands for a chanpe in the
Slan There Feeme to be a general desire
In Oakland railroad circles to make no
xnove until the result of the conference
between the general roanap^r and the
CTlevanee committee Is known. If neces
sary the men will try to lay their objec
tions directly before President Hunting-
There is no doubt that the men feel that
& strike could or.ly bring trouble and dis
tress to them, as well as great loss to the
company. The situation has not reaeh<vl
tuch an acute stage as to warrant them In
conslderingthe feasibility of an organized
walkout. There are, however, many em
ployes who are so seriously concerned In
the fight agalr.st the relief bureau that
H would be no difficult matter to gvt a
large number of men to agree to Etrik* In
case the company gave a flat refusal to
heed any of the men's demands. There s»
a belief prevalent that rather than take
chances on a strike the company will ac
cede to certain modifications.
OPPOSE NEW PLAN.
Meeting of Southern Pacific Em-
ployes in Los Angeles.
LOS AJCGELES. March B.— Employes of
the Southern Pacific in Los Angeles are
bitterly opposing the proposc-i scheme of
insurance. A meeting of over 100 of the
men was held in East Los Angeles, at
which the matter, as outlined In the cir
cular, was discussed. Every one raised a
voice against the measure, while the teree
addresses thai were made received hearty
applause. The more the matter Is dis
cussed the (rreatT becomes the agitation
and not a sign of yielding is noted. Al-
HOTEL WHICH WILL BE BUILT
HERE AND TAKEN TO NOME
"Stuttering" Pete Found Dead.
"Stuttering Pete," a roustabout, was
found dead among the " lumber piles on
Fremont street wharf at an early hour
this morning, and his body was removed
to the Morgue.
Goodwin Guilty of Betrayal.
OAKLAND. March B.— After deliberat
ing over four hours, the Jury before whom
Charles Goodwin, ex-member of Troop E.
Fourth United States Cavalry, was tried
on a charge of betraying Mary Schaffer of
Berkeley, brought in a verdict of guilty
this afternoon and recommended Good
win to the extreme mercy of the court.
Judge Greene will pronounc* sentence
next Wednesday,
Charges Husband With Cruelty.
OAKLAND, March B.— lda Hopper has
filed suit for a divorce from Frank Hop
per on the ground of cruelty. The defend
ant is a carpenter In the employ of the
Southern Pacific Company.
Topham Held to Answer.
BERKELEY, March B.— N. E. Topham
who was arrested on a chargo of embez
zling fundß from a lodge of Foresters, was
held to answer before the Superior Court
this morning by Judge Edgar of the Jus
tice Court. Bail was set at $500, which
the defendant furnished.
graphing of buildings is that the back
part, or ground glass, and consequently
the plate, when placed In position, must
be vertical. We must now use the swing
back. As the camera Is lifted up we must
swing the top of the back of our camera
forward. In this way we are enabled to
get all of the building In our picture, pre
serve the proper lines of the building and
get uniform sharpness of focus. The
swing-back is also used to bring distant
and near objects in a landscape Into focus
at the same time. This Is often necessary
from the fact that the focus is shorter for
objects at a distance, than for those near
the camera. For the distant objects the
lens is moved nearer the ground glass,
while for objects near us the lens must
be moved farther from the ground glass.
The Choice of a Diaphragm.
After the focus has been taken and all
the lines are straight we then decide on
what diaphragm or "stop" should be used.
Some Operators recommend that the
focusing be done with the diaphragm In,
PETITION CIRCULATED
FOR FREE MAIL SERVICE
BERKELEY. March B.— A petition Is be
ing circulated by the residents of Peralta
and Lorin requesting the postal authori
ties at Washington to extend the free de
livery system to their districts. A similar
petition- wa>i presented to the department
over a year ago, but was not granted be
cause of lack of funds.
DOWNING AND SCOTT
ARE HELD FOR TRIAL
OAKLAND, March B.— William J. Down-
Ing and Edward Scott, who confessed to
the robbery ot Peter Christensen, were
held to-day by Police Judge Smith in $4000
ball for trial before the Superior Court.
Scott and Downing heard their confes
sions read In court this morning, as they
had been stenographlcally taken by Re
porter Van Court. Neither convict made
any offer of defense. Chief Hodgklns had
a guard of ten policemen In and about the
courtroom when the men were brought up
for examination. Every doorway and win
dow had its guard, and three detectives,
with Captain of Police Wilson, were sta
tioned close to the two prisoners.
WANT A WESTERN
BAY SHORE WHARF
OAKLAND, March B.— The Associated
Improvement Clubs have gone squarely on
record as favoring the construction by the
city of wharves at West Oakland. The
association at its meeting last evening
adopted resolutions asking the Council to
appoint a special expert on wharves to
present a report upon that proposition.
The delegates to this association are all
anxious to build up the western bay shore,
and look to the construction of a city
wharf there as one of the moves most
likely to accomplish that object.
RIDERLESS HORSE FOTTND.
REDDING, March B.— John Lanahau Is
believed to be either lost In the hills w«Bt
of Redding or to be dead or dying In that
region as the result of having been thrown
off a horse. Lanahan is a miner, 35 years
of age. He has I been employed at the
Cleveland Consolidated mine, on the Bully
chopp range, four miles west of RedJing.
He started for this city on horseback
Wednesday with a message to J. F. Cole
man.Tionder of the mine.
A hard storm was prevailing and he
stopped at Igo, fourteen miles west of
here, announcing his Intention of remain-
Ing there all night. He began drinking,
and about 11 o'clock Wednesday night de
cided to come on to town. He has not
been seen since. This evening his horse,
still wearing its saddle and bridle, wan
found near Anderson, twelve miles south
of here. A search Is being made for the
unfortunate miner.
BENEFITS NOME MINERS.
WASHINGTON, March B.— The House
Committee on Public Lands has agreed
upon a substitute for the Lacey Cape
Nome mining bill. The purpose of the
substitute bill is to give th% miners,
through miners' meetings, the power to
control the workings of the beach claims
on the sixty-foot reserved strip. and the
tide lands.
More Money for Guardsmen.
SACRAMENTO, March B.— The mem
bers of the National Guard who served in
the Spanish war are to have a few dol
lars extra pay coming to them on account
of that service. The men were paid for
the time of their assembling at the va
rious rendezvous up to the time of their
enlistment In the volunteer service at the
Federal Government rate for enlisted
men, or at 52 cents a day. Ily a recent
decision of the War Department they are
to be paid for that time at the State
rate, which Is $2 a day. Lieutenant Col
onel Peeler of the Adjutant General's of
fice has been detailed to collect the claims
of the men for the extra pay.
Fell From a Train.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, March B.— Charles
Strong, son of E. B. Strong, narrowly es
caped death on a train of the North Pa
cific Coast Railroad at West End station
to-night. The boy jumped on a moving
car to steal a ride, and becoming fright
ened at the approach of the conductor
tried to jump, but missed his footing and
fell, striking on his head. His injuries may
prove fatal. ' -¦__
Martin Released.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VIS ALIA, March B.— Alfred Martin, who
killed his father last November, was re
leased from custody to-day. At the trial
in February the Jury disagreed. District
Attorney A lien, does not care to put the
county to the expense of another trial.
Reed Succumbs.
SANTA ROSA, March 8 J. H. Reed,
who was seriously -burned by falling on
a redhot stove while in a fainting fit, died
this afternoon. He lapsed into uncon
sciousness yesterday and never recov
ered. He was a pioneer resident, of this
State and county. -
Boy Drowned.
GONZALES, March B.— Charlei, the
seven-year-old son of Jose Hlguera, was
drowned in the irrigation ditch while
playing with four other children to-day
He fell into the muddy water, and before
aid arrived had gone down for the last
time. ' - .
DEATH CALLS BANKER
CHARLES H. TWOMBLY
OAKLAND, March B.— Charles H.
Twombley, formerly cashier of the First
National Bank, died to-day at his resi
dence, 624 Sixteenth street, after an Illness
of several months. The deceased retired
from active work several years ago. He
owned considerable property in various
sections of the State. Mr. Twombley was
a pioneer, having lived In California near
ly fifty years. He was In his seventieth
year. A widow survives. Deceased was a
member of Oakland Lodge of Masons and
of Oakland Commandery, Knights Tem
plar.
ELECTRIC MOTORMAN
WAS NOT TO BLAME
James McCauley Was Panic Stricken
at the Time He Was Bun
Over.
A verdict of accidental death and no
body blamed was the result of Coroner
Cole's Inquest yesterday into the death of
James McCauley, who was run over by
a streetcar on Folsom .street, between
Twelfth and Thirteenth, last Monday.
McCauley was a laundryman and resided
at 228 Twelfth street. He was 69 years
old and rather feeble.
The testimony was to the effect that
McCauley started to cross the track In
front of the car, which was about forty
feet away. When he stepped between the
rails he looked toward the motorman and
stepped back again. Then he changed his
mind and stepped in front of the moving
car. He was struck and knocked down
before the brakes could be put In opera
tion.
A verdict of suicide was given In the
cape of Henry V. Morey, the old man who
killed himself with carbolic acid last
Tuesday night In his room at 605 Broad
way.
rMftT ccew\T»on- • cyan» root* -b
ARCTIC HOSTELRY AS IT WILL APPEAR COMPLETED.
AMONG the many plans for money gathering at Cape Nome none are of
greater magnitude or fairer promise than those outlined In the pros
pectus of the Nuivak Hotel Company, recently organized in this city.
The company Is capitalized for $100,000, and contemplates In the scope
of Its operations nothing less than the acquirement of a monopoly of
the entire hotel business of the mining districts of Northern Alaska.
The head of the new company Is T. C. Healy, who ha 3 long resided In
the Yukon district, and who has made his pile in the same lines at Dawson.
Such success has attended his ventures there that he now contemplates en
larging the sphere of his activity and striving for the business of Nome or
any other mining camp that gives promise of permanency.
The Interest in his present venture arises not so much from the amount
of money involved as from the manner in which the affair will be conducted.
People build and operate hotels every day, but this is the first time that a
first-class hostelry, with every modern appliance, has been built In one place
and shipped nearly 3000 miles In the hold of a vessel to the site upon which
it will stand.
The lumber will be all cut, shaped, fitted and fashioned In California.
Every_detail of necessity and comfort will be constructed and completed here.
When this Is done every plank, beam, shingle, bolt, nail and screw will be
separately marked, and then the entire structure will be taken apart, stowed
away aboard ship and carried to Nome, where it will be unloaded and set
up. In storing the building the upper stories will be loaded on board first,
so that when it Is broken out the foundations will come first, and the car
penters, of whom there will be a number taken up, may begin working on
part of the building while the balance is still being floated ashore.
The magnitude of the undertaking will be appreciated when the follow
ing description of the edifice given by Architect Curtis Tobey Is gone over.
The designs and working plans for the new hotel are about completed
and the work on framing and construction will be begun immediately.
All of the building is to be of frame, even. to the foundation, which will
be formed of cross timbers en pile. Great care had to be exercised to se
cure a permanent base for these foundations owing to the fact that the
ground is perpetually frozen from two to three feet below the surface, and
any thaw would have a tendency to heave the footings unevenly.
The building will be five stories high. Including the attic, with a ground
space of 60x100 feet. The first or ground floor will contain a large office and
lobby, a barber shop, saloon and gentlemen's grill, a ladles' parlor, ladies'
grill, commodious kitchen and wine and store rooms. The bar will be of hard
woods, 34 feet long, and will accommodate four bartenders. At the end and
between the two grills is a raised music stand representing an open shell,
which will hold eight pieces and piano.
The second floor will contain a large central drawing room or reception
hall, opening directly from the main stairs leading from the office and la
dies' parlor. This room Is provided with ample light from a large skylight.
A dumb waiter from the kitchen below affords ample facilities for using the
reception hall for banqueting should the lower rooms be used for public gath
erings. •-"'
The balance of the second floor and all of the third, fourth and fifth floors
are devoted exclusively to sleeping apartments, numbering In all 102 rooms.
Each of these rooms Is provided with outside light and double frost-proof
sash, clothes closet, electric light and call bell service. Each floor Is pro
vided with separate lavatories and baths for men and women, linen closets.
Janitors' hoppers and all modern hotel plumbing appliances.
The building will consume in its construction approximately 300,000 feet of
Oregon pine lumber, which will all be framed and marked and bundled up
before shipping from this city. All of the walls, floors and ceilings will be
deadened, and the walls and ceilings sheathed with tongued and grooved
stuff covered with canvas duck painted, to represent rough tinted plastering.
As to the profits that will accrue from the Investment, Mr. Healy fig
ures on from 50 to 73 per cent on the capital employed. He bases these fig
ures on what he has already accomplished with a twenty-room house at
Dawson, and those who know the country Bay. that he ia very conservative
in his estimate. Some idea may be had of the returns from a hotel business
In the far north when It is known that the clear profits from the bar of Mr.
Healy's Dawson house run from $10,000 to $13,000 a month. This does not in
clude the revenue derived from the rent of rooms, grill and other sources.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
COURSE IN PHOTOGRAPHY FOR AMATEURS.
MARSHALL LAW
LOOKING FOR
A NEW PULPIT
Former Rector of Church
of the Advent Departs
for Oregon.
Vestrymen With Whom the Clergy
man Had a Lively Battle Seek
Information as to His
Whereabouts.
> ' -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 8.
The Rev. V. Marshall Law, late rector
of the Episcopal Church of the Advent,
has shaken the dust of Oakland from his
feet and has gone to new fields In search
of fresh ministerial experience. The de
parted rector is now looking for a pulpit
In Southern Oregon. His family is wait-
Ing In San Francisco for word of success
or non-success in his efforts to find a new
location.
Hector Law had an up-and-down career
In Oakland, beginning with a summons to
court In a suit of his Chinese laundry
man to recover for services rendered. A
secular constable attached the Sabbath
morning contributions to secure the .claim,
and several other unpleasant financial epi
sodes led the vestry to start a campaign
to oust their clerical leader.
The struggle between the vestry and the
rector disrupted the church temporarily.
John J. Valentine, president of Wells.
Fargo & Co., one of the main stays and
senior warden of the vestry, resigned. The
rector defied the governing body of the
church to evict him from his pulpit.' He
was finally Induced to take a vacation.
From Boston came the welcome news to
the vestry that the rector had found an
other charge. But on the heels of that
announcement came the rector himself,
prepared to resume his pastoral functions.
Much to the surprise of the vestrymen
Dr. Law Insisted upon preaching. In viola
tion, the vestry said, of an agreement
that he would leave the Church of the
Advent forever. And preach he did, al
though the large vested choir went on
strike and refused to furnish music for
the services.
The warfare culminated finally In the
retirement of the rector. He declared that
his troubles were all due to his discourses
on Christian Science, delivered from the
pulpit. To many of the church members
ft seemed as If their rector were making
a defense of the cult, which was repug
nant to the ritualistic worshipers In his
flock. Dr. Law also introduced In his
church what he termed a sanitary com
munion chalice.
Shortly after his resignation the story
was floated among the parishioners that
Dr. Law had leagued himself with the lo
cal organization of Christian Scientists,
but this the rector denied, although ad
mitting he saw much which was com
mendable In their doctrine of "divine heal*
inc."
The vestrymen of the church are mak
ing an effort to learn the whereabouts of
their former rector.
MATTIE OVERMAN, IS
NOW A MISSIONARY
¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1900.
"Keith's" opening millinery, extra fine,
to-day. . ?
9SAJf FRANCISCO CALL.
TjrSIXESS OFFICE of the Ban Frandseo
PaTl. corner of Market and Third streets, open
tmtt! 12 o'clock every nli*t In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— tI7 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open ontll »:30 p. m.
fCO Hayes street: open until 9:89 p. m.
CJ9 McAllister etreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
«5 Larkln etreet: open until J:80 p. m.
JWI Miirton atreet; open until 10 p. m.
ITCI Market Btreet, oorner Blxteenth: open
vntil « p. m.
1M Eleventh afreet; ep*n nntll » p. m.
J096 Valencia street; open until » p. m.
J223 Polk etreet; open «-tll » P- m.
Northwert corner of Twenty-Becond and Ken-
tocVy ureets: op*n until » P. rtt.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Command 1 cry No. 1. K. .•£_
T No t Po«t Bt— Stated asaembly TSH"
THIS EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Order f£s
of Red Cross. All fraters cordially in- «F
Yltefl. By order of the Em. Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
XERBA Buena Loi?e of Perfection No. "^f*
I— Meeting THIS (FRIDAY) EVSN- /»
INO at S o'clock. D. IS. JSSL
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. •_=— »
OCCIDENTAL Locge No. 22, F. and A. __.
M.— THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at
7:80 o'clock. First decree. By order of JLJ\
the W. M. fy *
WALTER O. ANDERSON, Secretary.
fVALHAI-LA Encarr.cment No- 7, I. O. a* ji
O. F.— The officers and the funeral yf
oonomlttee of the above encampment /\
are hereby notified to assemble a.t Odd *
Fellows' Ha!l, corner Market and Seventh
tts., on FRIDAY. March 9, at 1:30 o'clock
p. m.. for the purpose at attending the funeral
of our late patriarch. JACOB SCHLEICHER.
By order. CHAS. QUABT. Fin. Scribe.
GERMAN! A Lodge No. 116. I. O. .<<japSS%-
O. F.— The funeral committee. *£?% te
officers and members cf th« above -?^p?,:'i&s-
JfxSge are invited to att«nd the ¦ '"»**
funerai of our late brother, J. SCHLEICHER.
at L O O F Kail, corner Market and
fieventh 6t».. FRIDAY. March S. at 1:SO p. m.
A. WAGNER. N. G.
BMIL NIEMKIHR. R L _S :
ECREKA Qrove Xo. 4. U. A. O. D.— The vJVj
officer* and the funeral committee of fOL3
the above grove are hereby notified to ¦*-"*¦
a?s«-tr.Me at DruMs' Hall. 41» Sutter st. on
FRIDAY. March ?. at 1 o'clock p. m.. for the
pvrpese of fcttpndlne the funeral of our late
brother. JACOB BCH__ICHKn. By order,
CHARLES QUAST. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The reg-ular annual •&«_*
meeting of the stockholders In the A. <*f
O F Hall Association of Ran Fran- _p\
c'.sco will be held in Ex~_'.*lor Hall, A. »_J
O F building. l n 2 O'Farrell St.. Pan Fran-
dseo Cal. on SATURDAY, the 10th iay of
March, 1900. at 7:30 r. m.
D JG. BESECKKK, President.
J. FALCONER, Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS everywhere to sell Mrs. Webb's Cal.
Complexion goap. Add. Pell A Co.. 6 Eddy.
LADIES— A rentE; eomething new. 602 Geary
«t. San Francisco.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A MAEERY of Egypt greatest astrolo-
gltt and palmlrt In the world; eatisf action
C"oarer,te*d. 437 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success ; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market cor. Stocktn.
ADVICK free: no charge unles» aucceeeful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market «t. opp. Mason.
F H MEIIZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
romed practice at £03 Cal. at. Clunle bldg.
L S. CLAP.X. Emma Fpreckeis bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket rt.: consultaticn free: no fees in advance.
BATH CABINETS — THERSIAL.
ROBINSON $5 4-raJiel folding; see It before
huv'.ng. W. S. EROWX, Coast Agt.. 426 Ellis.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— I or I children to beard In German
family, bert care. 433 Micnn Bt.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
«-HOC^L~~BOOKH bought and exchanged.
H"!rre» 7V>ok On.. T"4 M.f>tnn ft., near Third.
BOOT A\D SHOE BARGAINS.
CHILDREN'S chocs. neat and rood, special.. 6so
Ladiee' lace cr button shoes, epeclal $100
60 pair men's chocs. all slies. epeclal $1 1»
People's <hje btore. 13C3 Stockton, nr. Br"dw'y.
COO PAIRS drummers' sample Ehoes at manu-
farturer'P cost. J. Kohlb'-ch.er. 145 Fourth tt.
BUSINESS CHANCES.-
_^n7S^CORNER ealoon on Montgomery st;
must be ejld to-day. R. G. WILKE. SO6
Market st.
A— sMo; SALOON and luncchouse ; between fao-
tori-s' and lumber-yards; daily receipts $15;
rent $20; a snap. R. O. WILKE. »*& Market
A— i 271- KIRFT-CLASS paying corner grocery
sr.i bar m Turk St.; place established many
years; etock all fre«h; rood horse and wagon;
6 living roems; rent $iO. Call R. G. WILK.E,
»I 6 Market Et
A— l~.<X>; CORNER grocery and fear on Sutter
st with 3 living rooms and bath; rent $25;
Ktod rayicc butiness. Call R. G. WILKE,
W>6 Market st. .
A— s4iO; SALOON. Kearny at. cloee to Prescott
House; ejjlendid paying; place; low rent: owner
leaves for Nome. It. O. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— sfso; CORNER grocery and bar; living
room- rent $15; very best location on Twenty-
eecon'd St.; stock will invoice $700; rare bar-
gain. Call R. O. WILKX. 906 Market et.
A— tl6C"': GROCERY Btore. In beet location in
the Mission: 2 living rooms ; bath; rent $20; a
rare chance for c '>o<l paying business. Call
B. O. WILKE. room 8, *« Market at
/-JJM; RESTAURANT anfl chophouse on
Stockton »t. ; established many y»-ars and
clearing above 1150 per month. Call room k,
tO6 Market at. R. G. WILKE.
A— s3ooo— K-ROOM hotel, with first-class paying
ealoon; oloee to the ferries depot on the water
front; house always crowded and known on
both sides of the Pacific. Call R. a. WILK_,
$06 Market at. room t.
(300— CIGAR at— nd, altuated on principal street.
near Market; sacrificed a,t this low figure to
be wold at once. M. LESS. 76R M-rket at
A—s46o;A — $460; FINE restaurant and oyeter hous«:
north of Market; established IT rears; well
worth $1000; Investigate. M. LESS. 768 Mrkt
$300— WOOD a— d ooal yard la the Mlsaion; horse
aad waeon: rest only $10 per month; old es-
tabltehod. M. LESS. 760 Market st
XM — DAY saloon; downtown; bet the wholesale
boaees; doing pood business; a bargain If aold
at once. lA. LIZSS. 76S Market st
tijO — CORKER grocery and bar; north of Mar-
ket; well worth $1500; sickness oauce of sale;
part caah. M. LESS, 7C5 Market Bt
_— $4000; CORNER grocery, with elegant ap-
polntmeata; full etock of choice groceriea,
delicacies, cigars and liquors In bulk; the lo-
cation is Al, being right In the heart of the
erty; Including new delivery wagons and
fine horses; chance seldom offered; trial will
convince; if you desire this kind of business
don't delay investigation, as owner Is selling
on account of other business; receipts average
S2OOO per montiu ETENBERG CO., 93S Market
street
FINE grocery and bar; stock worth money
aeked; big cacb trade; 4V* years' lease. Pacitlc
States Realty Co., K6 Market at., room 320.
A— PARTNER with $2600 In e»tabll*hed lmport-
lng buelnese; will clear at least $COOO yearly.
Pacific States Realty. E65 Market tt. room 320.
A— PARTNER with $5000 cash or property; good
business; experience unnecessary; monopoly.
Pac. States Realty Co., X2O Emporium bldg.
BUTCHER shop; big trade; $450; worth $1000;
horse, wagon, cash register; all complete.
Pacific PtatK Realty Co., r. S2O Emporium.
$2LOO— BLACKSMITH and wagon business la
proEperous country town; buildings: two lots
and private dwelling Included; part cash If
deß'.reil. McLAUGHLIN A CO.. 777VJ Market
$SOO— 6HOESTORE and repair ahop; sickness
cause of sale. —cLAUOHLIN A CO 777*4
Market St.
$900— SALOON; central; private rooms; paying
bus.: barraln. Mclaughlin A Co.. 777H Mkt
$225— BRANCH bakery; elegant fixture*; Post
gt. ; $15 dally. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary Bt.
$]JOO— RARE opportunity: T-zorth $2000; clears
S2DO month; trial. KRETO A CO.. 22H Geary.
$150— MEAT market; recess MOO month; good
horse, wuron;ca.«h business. Kredo, 22V4 Geary.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
bUßlcets: fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal, 63>H California at., room 1.
$400— SALOON with 3 living rooms; fine trwit.
Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal. HV& Cali-
fornia rt.. room 1. .".— s ;
• BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
DealetV Journal. £S9H California Bt., room _
$300— ELEGANTLY furniehed restaurant: good
location; good business. Apply D. McRAE,
742 Mission st.
$650— RESTAURANT: vicinity Stockton and
OTarrell; opportunity seldom offered. D.
McRAE, 748 Mission gt
A— CORNER grocery and bar; best In city; see
It to-day. COWING A CO.. 71S Market »t
A — CORNER grocery; first-dags location; big
bargain to doee buyers. COWING. TU Market.
$100— GOOD paying business If sold this week;
rest til; store and living room. 1006 Larkln.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
VARIETY atore, drygoodi, notlona. grooartea,
bakery, milk and news depot; rent $16: 8 liv-
ing rooms, including atock and furniture,
$350. BRIDGES, 827 Market at. room 316.
BTOCK of drygooda and groceries at _balf Its
value; going to Nome; only $350. BRIDGES.
>27 Market at._ room 816. .
$150 AND your scrvlc-s la all that la required
to make you J75 month; must be able to drive
horse. BRIDGES, tV Market at. room 316.
COUNTRY hotel and bar. with livery atable;
only one In town, including property, I"™'-
ture. horses and carriages; complete; $18^0.
BRIDGES, 827 Market St.. room $16. .
CORNER grocery; best In city; great sacrifice.
COWING- & CO., 719 Market st
$200— RESTAURANT; Beau 40 people) worth
$500. For bargains Bee CHISEL A CO.. 7t Sd.
PARTNER in legitimate business jsmall caol-
tal ; make good wages. Apply '» Th'rq Bt
$250— PARTNER in good paying saloon; half
cash. 79 Third st.
REAL estate, city or oountry. In any State
In the Union, Bold and exchanged on comrnls-
slon; associate offices In New York and Chi-
SSSS. ''ISe^Klt^^nvel^kn^
CO., 213 Examiner bulldlnc. ¦
BRANCH bakery, stationery, etc; receipts $10
dally; price t3SO. WINSTON A CO.. 1026 Mkt-
BTATIONERY. notion*, books, etc; 8 living
rrae.; snap; see It. Winston A Co.. 1026 Mrkt.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st
Corner saloons. $550, $425 and $1500; 100-room
house. $1600; halt cash; rent $50; tuU.
FOR Bale— One of the best-known restaurants
in San Frandsoo; doing a business of over
$100 per day: owner desirous of leaving the
city. For further particulars address L. 8.,
box 4282. Call office. .
BALOON. with property, stock and fixtures for
eale; opposite depot, warehouses and lumber
yard in Paso Robles. Cal. Address JOHN
G. EXPEL.
$200— PARTNER wanted; man willing to work
can make good wages. Apply to J. E. SLIN-
KEY «.- CO., 877 Market St.; entrance 1 Fifth.
$500 TAKES half Interest In livery stable. Ad-
dreas box 4416. Call.
COMPANY promotion la out specialty; we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.i1.C0., 220 California st. r. 6-7.
I $XO-PARTXER wanted; light business; must
be satisfied with $20 a week; no experience
required; trial given. 9 Geary st. room 2.
$135— GOOD-PAYING cigar stand, or will sell
fixtures without stock. 311 Third st.
PARTNER In printing business: a good man;
experience not necessary. 344 McAllister st.
FOR sale— At once; saloon; central; cheap; going
East; no agent. Add. A. box 4408, Call office.
FINE atore, suitable for any business: 126
O'Farrell. near PowelL Apply 15 Grant aye.
RESTAURANT for sale In business part of
city; no night or Sunday trade unless de-
elred; excellent business for r"f" and wife.
Address box 8996. Call office.
FOR sale— Good paying: dairy and delicacy
etore: amall milk route; good location; cash
trade; great bargain; departure. Addresa box
428 L Call.
GROCERY busineaa. atock and fixtures: as a
whole or will move stock. Box J72L Call of-
fice, O&kland.
$JOO— PARTNER In legitimate manufacturing
bnslneta. Address box 8938. Call office.
$126— RESTAURANT for eale; good location.
D. McRAH. 743 Mission at
$76— BRANCH bakery and candy store, wtta
living rooms. 4SS Third gt
ROUTE of 844 papers on this paper for tale.
Box ». Oakland Postofflce.
BARBER shop for sale in a mountain town;
150 shaving; good opportunity. Inquire of
BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap; every-
thing in first-class order. Address box 3981,
Call orflce. »
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
shoeing business; 16 years present location;
cheap on acct. death owner. 11 Cortland aye.
PARTNER wanted, good paying business, for
fairs and plcnlce; Investment $30. Call at 14
Lanrton, bet Howard and Folsom, forenoon.
$300— HOME bakery; portable oven; 7 barreia
weekly. 831 Sixth at. Uquor ttore.
GOOD chance for carpenter with small capital.
Apply at 117 Turk tt.
TO let— Cafe privileges at Lurllne Baths. Bush
and Larkln tt». Apply on premises.
GOOD coal yard for rtnt cheap. 2101 Central
aye.. Alarneda.
COFFEE and tea routes cupplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Ei:b«cripUons has been established at 1096 Va-
ler.cla et. •
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 12:3 Polk gt; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
rorthweft corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky gts. : open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ret=«. wk Xr driving- hoiTf. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become dUcusted with poor work
' eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- beat-
lng Works. 353-337 Tehama Bt.: tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. 5! 57
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Bth st: teS^jSouth 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
46$ Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
et: cleaning. Ec per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. : telephone East 126.
SPIRITCALIS3I.
ATTENTION' ...V...?^7T..... .... KEMOVED'.
MRS, DR. A. D. HOWE,
Tt e World's Moet Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden. Myetery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is prlceleas. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, p— ralysls,
rheumatlcm, all rkln diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
ahe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot ea.ll, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mail Is
alwaya successful and satisfactory. &nd all
correspondence Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061
Seventh aye., East Oakland, Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get off at Clinton Station, 2d station from
Broadway.
MRS. ROBINSOH, 1«4« Market at, opp. Tenth;
plttlnirs daily: dr. Monday cv«.. Fri. 2 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRsT £"X^ ; HlTNEYr~ll64~Ma7ket ; trance,
test, business medium; life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp for drcular; sittings $1.
MRS J J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test busi-
ness medium, life reader; 'sittings, $L 1104
Market st
MRS. GORDON, psychometrlst 12 years' ex-
perience; readings and advice, from 1 to 9 p.
m. daily; Sundays and Wednesdays excepted;
terms, ladles 50c, rentlemen $1. 118H Fulton.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
forunte teller; gives best advice In difficult
metters. Removed to 19 Fulton at, nr. Larkln.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader and: palmist; all
you seek to know answered without questions;
readings this week 25c and 60c. 942 Mission.
JANAUKE KENDRICK, palmist card reader,
clairvoyant; past present and future; 25c
and 60c 118 Sixth st.
MRS. MARY EVANS' circle to-day, 2 and 8 p.
m.; also eve.; 10c; read, dally, 60c, $1. 142 6th.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer,
S»0 Ellis Bt: circle Sun. and Wed. evenlrura.
FUTURE told by cards; satisfaction guaran-
teed; 25c. 3425 Mission St.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
Bp. m.: 25c. 409 Leavenworth Bt
ARNOLD, Dlckson, give everybody tents to-
night; 10c: sittings, 25c, 60c. 148 Sixth, room 1.
11 MH. HANSON— Palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past present future, -25c. 148 Sixth, 1 room 12.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st, near Mission.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Mkt. bet. 10th A 11th;
dr. Tues. 8 p. m.,Thur. 2 p. m., 25c; sit daily.
SMB. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry, £sc; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
CATHERINE DEANE, scientific life and card
reader. 989 Howard Bt., cor. SUth. office 23.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh st Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings »6c. " •
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader;
sittings dally.. 212H Sixth St.
YOUR future told by cards, 26c . 944 Howard
•t. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS E—Ll&^es^^^f^irde^iesirFrtiri
p. m.; Mon.. 8; 2Sc; sittings $1. 233 Valencia.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently;. business
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME BYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-<
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st
A WEEK'S newa for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
leas successful. Room 310. »27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
(.ROOM ccttage; 2SH Morris aye., bet Harrl-
aon and Bryant nr. 6th: key next door. N0. 23.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. 8, HIGGINS' dental parlors, $17
Market at, over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit- from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5 a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $36; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
cpeclalty; see our flesh -colored platea, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. 60ci crowns, $3 60: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth at _^
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without platea our specialty; gold crowna,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free; $4 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundayß, i to i
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver. COc; painless extraction, 60c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 9t9 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st, near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; ail work reasonable; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 76c, with writ-
ten iruarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy Bt
PARIS Dental Parlors, 255 Kearny. cor. Bush— .
Full set pf teeth. }4; crowns, $3: fillings, 25c.
GUARANTEED dentistry: $1 week: we refer to
6000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Sixth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, oorner Sixth.
SET ol teeth without plate. VR. 51 O~
YOUNG, 1841 Polk Et
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc: $ graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hoapltal, Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 760; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
B. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught 805 Van Neas.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 287 Qeary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit. 1
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
ing. pinking, ltl Poet, over O'Connor A Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech..
survey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day and eve.;
est. 18*54. VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933
Market st. ' ¦
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR.
expert accountant. Flood building.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st
TO "Morning Call Home Study" readers-
Classes forming; French conversation, Suan-
ieh, $2 per ma 630 O. G. aye.. r. 5, 6; hra. 2-S.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 100S Mission; vlolln.gultar.
AYRES' Bußlnei-s College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $50; Bend for catalogue.
DANCING. baJlroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class) Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
ESPINA, Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, prammar. writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CIVIL service coachine: day, evening. San
Francisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
CLASSES In. German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Acid. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Mlgg M. O. Rarrett, 302 Montgy.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A^JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post at: telephone Bush 135.
FIP.ST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
office; best help fur.: cooks, waltera. etc.
Chas. Aramori. BO6H Stockton; tel. John 212 L
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4144 O'Farrell st.: teli Eaut 4g«.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
SCANDINAVIAN girl, speaking English and
French, would like a position as traveling
companion to elderly lady en route for Paris,
or would take care of children; wages no ob-
ject Please call at 2623 California at.
YOUNG German girl wishes to assist In light
housework and with children in American
family. Address box 4421, Call office.
GERMAN woman, first-class cook, desires po-
sition ; country preferred; best of references.
Box 4422. Call office.
NURSEGIRL wishes situation; wages $12 to $16.
Call or address U. J., 632 Elizabeth st, near
Caetro.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation for
cooking and housework. 8890 Eighteenth at,
near Sanchez. . - i
LADIES' tailor and dressmaker, first-class city
references, would take more engagements by
the day; terms $2. BO4H Turk at.
WIDOW, age SO, deslree position as working
housekeeper. Address box 4417. Call office.
WOMAN wants position to do housework; city
or country. Apply 175 Linden aye.
CAPABLE German woman wants work by. the
day washing. Ironing and cleaning; no
postals. 1123 Broadway.
RISFINED young lady, speaking German and
English, wishes to take care of grown ohlld.
Call 133H Fair Oaks St. ¦ .
LADY wishes position as working housekeeper.
.Addresa box 4278, Call office.
GIRL wishes position to do general housework;
wages $20. Call 328 Clementina St.
GERMAN girl wants position for general
housework. 836^4 Harrison st
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes work; can
furnish best of reference. 161 Ninth st
GERMAN girl would like a situation to do gfen-
eral housework; wages $20. . 204VJ Fifth at
YOUNG lady from Massachusetts would like
position as traveling companion; to elderly
1 lady going to ' Europe, or would take care of
children; best of references. MRS. HATCH.
488 Geary st
REFINED young girl deslrea upstairs work.
;Addres3 box 3995, Call office. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ¦ ferry- - •¦'¦¦'¦¦.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and mibscrlptlons
received at Call branch office, 2200. Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscrlDtlons has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at -the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open until )p.m. ¦•'«• -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— :MALE.
SITUATION wantednby~a young^Bcaliahiavlwi
with first-class references as coachman or
man about place. .Apply to J. F. CROSETT
A CO.. 62S Sacramento st. . ¦ . -. . ¦.
YOUNG man who understands general outside
and inside work desires employment Addresa
8., box 4424, Call office.
ALL 'around .first-class, cook; 'wide experience;
good reputation; sober and economical; wishes
altuation. GEORGE STULL, 106 Eddy, r." 44.
EMPLOYMENT | WASTED— MALE. _
TWO young men from New York wish work of
any kind. W. PFEIFFER, New Washington
House, Fourth if '
SITUATION wanted by first-class coachman
from the East; references and bond given if
required. Box 3972. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation; restaurant
or hotel; city or country. Box 4415, Call office.
BARBER with 1 year's experience wishes
steady work. Address box 8921, Call office.
AN experienced baker wants a position as fore-
man on bread and cake. Box 4423. Call office.
BARBER want- situation every Saturday and
Sunday: no 5-cent shop. 120 Howard at
MIDDLE-AGED man would like a altuation aa
foreman or timekeeper over men or teams or
to drive and exercise horses; no objection to
country. ' United State* Hotel, room 91, 123
Eddy st - - ¦
SITUATION wanted as clerk or bartender In
hotel by strictly sober middle-aged man; no
objection to country. United States Hotel,
room 91, 123 Eddy at. ¦ - ¦
WANTED— By all-round handy man, with
tools, running engine, either hoisting or min-
ing; can give best of references. Address
6172 Telegraph ava. ' Oakland. ;
SALESMAN, familiar with machinery, steam
and plumbers' supplies, desires situation.
Address box 4409. Call office.
CARPENTER, cabinetmaker, flrst-claas me-
chanic, wants a situation; city or country.
Address 563% Natoma at
FIRST-CLASS ladles' cloak and suit cutter
(Kuhn system) wants po«»lUon. Box 4407, Call.
A YOUNG Frenchman of good education and
reputation, who can apeak, read and write
English, wlEhee to go to the Parla Exposition
with an American family or somebody as an
Interpreter; moderate terms and can give
good references. . Address JEAN LA-
CLERQUE, 217 Pacific aye., Santa Crus, Cal.
CARPENTER, young married man, wishes a
• steady position as handy man; reasonable
waces; best of referencss if required. Ad-
dress box 3992. Call office.
WANTED— Position as salesman or collector;
very well acquainted in city; best of refer-
ences; .can give security. Box 4402, Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man at house-
cleanlng or other work by the day. HENRY
ANDERSEN, 952 Bush st '
SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
gardener; can take care of horses. Box 3925.
Call office. ¦ '
CHINESE, experienced, first-class cook, wishes
position; hotel, boarding or family; good ref-
e rences: satisfaction. 116 Prospect place, bet
Stockton and Powell.; F. M.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore »t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscrlDtlons has been opened
at 1223 Polk st : open until tp.nl
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
i EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071H Market at; examination free; German
eyewater by mall. 60c. Phone. Mint 267.
FINANCIAL.
OIL stock now paying 2 per cent monthly divi-
dends; fulleßt Investigation. THE McCAR-
THY CO., 410-411 Heune block, Loa Angeleaj
646 Market st, San Francisco.
FLATS TO LET.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
.from BALDWIN A HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NINETEENTH, 3980,» near Noe— Lovely sunny
lower- 5- room flat, with room on porch; $18;
, water free.
S SUNNY rooms, $14; also cottage. 4 rooms,
near Mall dock. Key at 623 Second st
VALENCIA, 1306— T0 let. 6- room flat; modern t
2 large front rooms with bay windows: rent
$20 month. Inquire on premises or to MADI-
SON A BURKE. -
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CalL
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. 31 per year.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FOR 6 months; comfortably furniehed modern
flat; choice location; rent J6j, piano Included.
Call between 10 and 4:' no young children;
references required. 1523 Sacramento st.
FLAT of 6 rooms, nicely furnished; rent rea-
sonable. 35 Turk st, near Taylor.
TO rtnt— Furnished flat, 6 rooms; modern con-
venlences./ 305 Broderick St.. near panhandle.
BIRCH AYE.. 6—4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nishfd. •
~ FLATS WANTED.
5 SUNNY rooms and bath, with . modern Im-
provements: family of 8; no children. Address
box 4419. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Furniture . of 3 housekeeping rooms:
bargain; nicely furnished; rent whole house
if desired. 809 Hyde, from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. U27-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry A Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tH. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
C. R. HANSBN & C 0.... PHONE GRANT 183
lIOTE L DBPARTM ENT
14 waitresses, commercial hotels, $20 to $25;
3 chambermaids, tO'walt, $20; 2 chambermaids,
$20; chambermaid, $15: woman cook. $30; %
fancy lroners. Coronado Beach, special rates,
see party here.
FAMILY. DEPARTMENT
Cooks and house girls, all nationalities,
wanted to-day for city and country; choice
places. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — I hotel waitresses, $20, see party to-
¦ day; chambermaid and waitress, $20; restaur-
ant waitresses. $5 and $8; Protestant second
girl, $25, short distance; ironer, $9 a week; 8
second girls, $20; cook, boarding house, $25;
nurseglrl, $20. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 816
Sutter «t - J
GIRLS WANTED. _^_
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LSTVX
STRAUSS A* CO., 86% Fremont at; elevator.
WANTED— A young girl, fair In handwriting
and flgurea; moderate wagea; ahlrt factory.
48 Ellis at. ¦¦
COMPETENT German or Scandinavian girl
that understands cooking and housework. 817
Larkln at. . ¦ ¦ : _¦
WANTED— A first-class aaleswoman for lace
department for Sacramento. Apply 623 Mar-
ket at. room 7, from 2 to 3 p. m.
GIRL to asaiat with light houaework; aleep
home; wagea $10. 407 Capp st. ¦ - ...
WANTED— Lady telegraph operator; atate ex-
perlence and salary. Box 4418. Call office.
YOUNG girl to ¦ assißt In light I housework.
1330 Pierce at. near O'Farrell.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
coats; good wages; steady work. 517 Natoma.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; sleep
home. 857 Mission et. ' «
WANTED— First-class Ironer; wages $160 a
day. Golden Gate Dye Works, 842 McAllister.
GIRL for downstairs work; must be a good
cook; wages $25. 11S0 O'Farrell st.
WAITRESS wanted; $6 50 a week. 881 Clay at
AN American girl to do light- housework In
small family. 1045 Mlsalon at ¦ / .
WANTED by wholesale house— Experienced en-
try clerk who understands bookkeeping: reply
in own handwriting, stating references. Box
4283. Call office.
GIRL to assist In light housework; no cooking
or washing; i In family; $7 60. 1913 Geary st.
APPRENTICE girls; also experienced girls.
126 Russ st.. between Howard and Folsom.
NEAT young girl; care of .child and assist in
housework: $B. to $10. 944 Geary at. -.
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. dough
, and Grove sts.
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurae a-lrl for boy 3 years old;' must do sew-
ing. - : ; 997 Golden Gate aye. - .¦:. ¦:
FIRST-CLASS vestmaker. fA Antonio st, be-
tween Ellis and O'Farrell, off Jones. -
YOUNG girl for, light housework. 2777 Twenty-
fourth st. : ¦¦' - ¦ ; ¦ --' ,»'--.;•
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call ' branch office; 2220 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
¦ tenda st .- : •¦ ; ¦ ¦¦-..-'
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
;at 1223 Polk st; open till 9 p. m.- ¦ -':¦ ' .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been ¦ established ¦• at - ' the
•northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. ¦ Open until 9 p. m. v ¦v? i! *;:
HELP WANTED — MALE . r
WANTED^S^farm n_ndaT_rat-claaa vineyard,
$26 and board: 4-horae teamster and milk 6
cows, near city, $25 and board: American but-
> termaker. . $35 to $40 and found; dairyman,
amall private' dairy, -. $25; : 2 laborers- about
. mine, good steady job, $26 and board; 20 farm
. hands and teamsters, different ranches, $25
and $26; 10 men to get out railroad ties;
woodchoppers. good 'layouts; second cook for
. mine, $40. anff others. W. D. EWER A CO.,
610 Clay st - '
A— 3 STRONG boys or young men to learn
machinist and bollermaklng trade, $1 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 ana 636 Clay at
WE p*y your fares; 20 laborers for a sawmill
company; no experience required; $26 and
found. MURRAY & READY.- 634 and 636
Clay at _¦ .
A-UURRAT A REJADY... .PHONE MAIN 5843
..Leading Employment and* Labor Agents..
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
€ miners, hard rock $75
15 laborers, teamsters, city jobs, $1 75 day
$30 and found
365 woodchoDpera, tlemakers,' tools and food
advanced, $2 60, $2, $1 50, $1. 75c cord, 10c
7 drillers for a large company: fare 15c — $60
35 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California $26. $25. $20 and found
16 milkers and buttermakers..s3o. $25 and fd.
13 choremen and boys $20, $15. $10 and found
....Stablemen. ' horseshoers. wheelwrights....
. Milk wagon driver, city, references.. s3o * fd.
lroners, washers, for laundries.... s3o and fd.
Bushelmen, $15 week; pantsmaker, vestmaker
HOTEL AND BAKERY
12 cooks. $50. $35. $30, $40 and found
7 waiters, $35, $30. $25, $20 and found
Second baker, city; 4th baker.. s4o, $25 and fd.
Dtshwaahers, porters and lots of other places.
MURRAY A READY 634-636 CUy at
**!""!!!!"^.'.WANTBD'To"DAY!!.".'!"".7rr.7"!
Ship To-morrow
a gang of railroad teamsters for Coast road.
Santa Barbara County.....
Free fare
C R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary at.
AT C. R. HANSEN A C 0.'8....104 GEARY ST.
Shampooer for springs ; potwasher. $20, and
vegetableman, $20, for springs hotel, fares ad-
vanced; cake baker, $35; 2 second bakers, $35
and $30; 6 waiters. $25 to $40
6 coal miners. $2 50 a day; 3 quartz miners,
. $2 60 a day: 20 laborers for sawmill and woods,
$38 and board, fares advanced; 6 farmers, $20
and $25; 4 milkers. $25 and $30; woodchop-
pers. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Of floe boy; milkers for Santa Bar-
bara, Sonoma and Mendoclno counties. $25 and
$27 CO; gardener and wife, $50; man about
¦place. $20; boy to learn blacksmith trade:
stage driver. $25; stableman, woodsmen and
woodchoppers. tlemakers and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st
WANTED— French valet, $40 and found; 000k
and wife for miners' boarding house, $57 60;
. 2 hotel waiters. $30: restaurant second cook.
$35; dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT
A CO., 828 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Office boy for this office; call early.
J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 316 Sutter st
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jeasle 151
WANTED, In subscription department of a
publishing house, a deliverer and collector
for a library; exDenaea advanced: state age
and former employment. Address Publisher,
P. O. box 1027, Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— Experienced young man of good ad-
dress aa city salesman for large company;
must have large acquaintance and not afraid
of work; good salary to right party. Address
box 4425. Call Office.
WANTED— Experienced Industrial Insurance
man. Call Friday, bet. 8 and S p. m. ; Inquire
for McKerlcher, Donohoe bulldlnc, rooms
17 and It.
WANTED— FIrat-claaa coatmaker and steady
man; good prices. Apply to CHAS. MAC-
KINNON. Merchant Tailor. Orovllle. Cal.
JOB COMPOSITOR— Young man quick at his
work will have steady position. Box 4428, Call
Office. v
WANTED— First-class watchmaker for city
jewelry etore; state references; must work
evenings. Bex 4427, Call office.
GOOD, honest -boy, 14 years; light work on
chicken ranch; $5 month and found. Dlmond,
Postofflce box 16, Frultvale.
BARBER wanted; young man. 2 years' ex-
perience; Portuguese preferred. 1456 Seventh
• st. West Oakland.
BARBER wanted to. buy a 5-chalr chop doing
a splendid business; owner going to Alaska.
. Apply 12 Fifth at.
FIRST-CLASS barber for country; near city;
wages $15. H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh at
GOOD for Saturday and Sunday; steady
place to right party. 2195 Powell at
BARBER wanted. 131 Second st
WANTED — Barber for Saturday and Sunday:
wages $3. 1304^ Valencia st
PANTSMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. A CO.. 24 Sutter st
BOOTBLACK wanted; t£<ui or boy. 104S Mo-
Alllster st.
WANTED— First-class cook at the Park Hotel,
1830 Halght at
BOOTBLACK wanted. CIS Washington at;
barber shop. •
DISHWASHER wanted. 631 Clay at
THREE-CHAIR barber-shop, doing good busl-
neBS, for sale, cheap; owner going north.
112% Eddy st.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. SC2 Mission st, between Ist and 2d sts.
IRON SCROLLMAKERS wanted. 68-76 First
street . ...
YOUNG German, about 18, used to work In
grocery. .Address box 4414. Call office.
BARBER wanted; 2 years' experience. Enter-
prise Hotel, Sixteenth and Folsom sts.
WANTED— A block butcher; $25 a month and
found. Apply at 3318 Mission st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale on account of
going away; $50. 1224 Polk st
WANTED— Carriage blacksmith; flrst-clasa
blacksmith's helper; also a gear worker. Ap-
ply Golden West Hotel, bet. 9 and 10 a.»m.
COMPETENT dalesman: good lay to energetlo
man. Box 8597. Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 250
'to 60c. 662' Mission st., between Ist and Sd sta.
BARBER ahop; one chair; fine location; $30. 257
Third at
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeka;
day and evening classea; special Inducement
thla season; handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution In the
.world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'3 BARBER COLLEGE, 635
Clay at. Branches — San Francisco, New York,
St. Louis, Chicago, Minneapolis.
SEAMEN— Ordinary, ¦ green hands, for steam
whalers. 701 Battery st, corner Pacific
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Holkln, Reno House sroDrtetor, still
runs Denver House, il7 Third st; ISO large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart at.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night, 75c to $2 per week.
FURNISHED rooms, 75c, Sl. ' tl 38 per week.
METROPOLITAN. 814 Fourth at. .
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. Attor-
. neys, Hearst bldg.; Third and Market.
WANTED— IOO , men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 250 night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A' BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest . corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ft s. ; open until 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
200 HORSES 1000 to 1400 pounda, SO head 1200 to
1300 pounds, unbroken, at the Canty Ranch.
Gray son, Cal. . -
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
$27 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneer.
E0 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
IC2I and 1625 Market st. bet Twelfth and
¦ Brady;- also some fine matched black teama.
FOR I SALE — Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. . DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 60S G. Q. ay.
HOUSES LODGING FOR, SALE.
$7CO— LODGING house: newly furnished; Sixth
St., near Folsom; 33 rooms; rent $90; good
chance. City Renting Co.. 632 Market st.
$125—11 ROOMS: near Market; all rented;
must sell. BASILE, 3 Eddy st
9-ROOM hotel; bar; family resort; clears $100
month; $400. M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market st.
" 8 ROOMS and bath; sunny corner: new furni-
1 ture for sale at bargain. 239 Golden Gate aye.
ROOMING house of 24 rooms for sale cheap;
account of going East '640 Howard st.
HOUSES TO LET. ~~
A— PRINTED list; houses to Jet; send for clr-
cnlar. Q. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery.
JEBSIB, 470— House of • rooma and bath. *
TO let — A pleasant sunny house, T rooms. 8386
' Twenty-first at, near Guerrero.
LOANS ON PERSONAL PROPERTY.
LOANS to salaried people: personal security
only. TOUSLEY. 321 Parrott building.
LOST AND FO'JSD.
LOST — Collie dog, ¦w^ilte and brindle color; re-
ward. Return to 3581 Twentieth at, near
Valenda.
LOST— Maltese cross. Maryevllle Commandery
No. 7. A. F. FIMBREATH. 411 Greenwich
at; liberal reward.
LOST— From 223 Capp at, dog. part fox terrier;
"Bummer, Philippine 151.," on collar; reward.
FOUND — Black boar; corner ' Market st. and
Grant aye.; owner can have same by Identi-
fying It and paying charges. Call at 527
¦ Montgomery st. •
FOUND— Female pug. Call $7 Uranus st, near
Seventeenth. '
FOUND— lrish water spaniel dog. Inquire at
61 Tremont aye. __^
ON 1:15 narrow-gauge train Saturday, dark-
brown fur tippet Reward at 237 Perry at.
Piedmont. Oakland. -
' MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles* physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure In one
'<**y; 16 years' successful practice In 3. F. ;
nt->rnlty home; low fees. 1007^ Market st.
DR. G W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' apeciallst: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023»4 Market at
DR. NO TOY KFE, late of Canton, China,
tea and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento at.,
corner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herba and teas;
advice free; office hours, 10 a. m. to 13 m.;
I to 6 p. m. and 7 to > p. m. *
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable apeciallst; home
In confinement; guaranteed* treatment at of-
fice, $5; any aliment; consultation free. S<2
Post, st. between Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. . ladles' specialist— Gaar-
anteed treatment at office. $0; safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st. bet
Mason and Taylor: hours 3 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S iArket; ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' spedal-
lst; guaranteed treatment at office, $3; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. JAME3 PIERCE. 104 Turk st. the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladlea' specialist. 1113 Market
at. ;. every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treata all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MEDICATED BATHS.
DR. CONANTS Compound Vapor Bath— Purl-
flea the blood; destroys disease germs: pro-
tects; cures; revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bills; outfits for gale: agents wanted; send for
booklet. ANTDROSIS. .47 Post st ; office.
room 5: gents* baths. 6; ladies'. 38.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
et.. above SUth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
CASH registers, second-hand, of every de-
• scrlptlon bought, sold, exchanged and re-
paired. 1309 Mission st, bet. Ninth and Tenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to i
$100: concert records, $2 50. BACIGALUPI. !
933 Market st, . San Francisco. '
ESKIMO dog for sale, cheap; 12 months old.
1431 Eighth aye., south of park.
A FINE suit. $10: dress pants, $2 75. BROWN
BROS.. Clothing. 437 Montgomery st
A 6 H. P. double cylinder marine gas engine,
almoat new; complete. SIS Mission st
FOR SALE— Beautiful 2-karat perfect diamond,
at barsaln. 14 Fifth st :
10.000 FEET new rubber belting, half price.
ROBT. BRAND A CO.. 527 Third st. Oakland.
SAFES— New and secondhand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. '417-423 Sacramento at
BECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. .42 Main st.
SHETLAND ponies. In pairs or single. 1074
Eaßt Twenty-first st, Oakland. I
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and bur- I
glar proof safe. 216 California st
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, nr. Pine.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St.. San Fran.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission st, near 13th.
DR. CREELT'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 010 Golden Gate aye.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers: plated:
almost" new; cheap. 1915 Mission st.. near 13th.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planes, lathes.
Iron & wood: 2rl-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — 6 bears: any age or color. Address
L. SEELIGER. 331S Mission st
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHKAD. 1710 Market »t.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages: confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY ¦ respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Btore. 848 Market
it.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at.
• PER cent and up on second mortgages, un-
divided Interests, estates and claims In pro-
bate and monthly rents. A. M. SPECK A 1
CO.. 667 Market St.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos- no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 26 Montgomery.
AT 12« Kearny at, room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 998.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Room!
63 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchge.. 431 Calif.
OLD gold bought: money loaned on every de-
scription of collateral. Coleman's, 506 Kearny.
MONEY loaned on furniture, pianos, dia-
monds. etc. BRIDGES. 927 Market, room 316.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortea«ed and you need 1
' more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 335 Parrott bufld-
Ing — Men can secure loans on personal note.
TO salaried men. without collateral or lndorser:
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
dsco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY WANTED. ' -
WANTED— SBOOO on Ist mortgage at lowest rate
Address W. Danville. Contra Costa Co.. Cal.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
LARGEST and most complete stock of SHEET
MUSIC at HALF PRICE at MAUVAIS'. 759
Market st.
WE prepay freight to any part of the State on
• all Dianos sold for cash; our prices will as-
tonish you. they are so low. ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.. S. F.
GOOD small-sized upright to-day for $130 at
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
WE always advise to buy a Decker or Packard
when you want the best MAUVAIS, 769
Market st. ¦
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
. pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
3 STEINWAYS. 2 Chlckerlngs. 1 Sommer. 1
Vose Sc Sons, 5 Helnes ; : store open evenings.
HEINE Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis at .
A FEW pianos will be sold for storage at auc-
tion prices: dirt cheap for caah. WILSON'S
Storage, 1710 Market st
musical rasTHOtEXTS.
ARE you In need of a piano? We have ".targe
assortment of new and second-hand pianos or
the best makers; sold for cash or very easy
payments; f» down and $6 per month for an
elegant new upright; »ome good fif 0^ l°l
$3 14 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
A CO. Steinway dealers, cor. Sutter ana
Kearny Bts., San Francisco; cor. Thirtoanta
and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest «$*"•
west of Chica&o is KOHLER A CHASE'S
M, 28 and 3D CFarrell st.; pianos organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: ev»ry-
thlng posslbl* done to please and satisfy tn«
customer. ______________
KNAHE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
PIANO cheap, and « rooms of furnltnra: mast
be sold; no dealers. 3310 A Howard st.
BIO bargain: upright piano: owner leaving
city; must sell. Room 10. Flood ¦ building.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spancer
Warerooms. 131S Market st.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano. $3 p*r month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. S60 Hayes st.
•WANTED— 4 good square pianos at BTRON
MAUZY'8 piano warerooms. 309 Post st.
SELL for storage— 3 uprights. $75: very flna
Stelnway. $125. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
W. O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Baoon and Hallett & Davis piano*.
FINE Fischer * Stelnway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness ave.. nr. Geary st.
GOOD upright piano; nearly saw; cheap.
HORNUNG'B. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMTTZ.
18 McAllister st.. next Hlbernta Bank.
SUPERIOR Tlollnii. zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, -repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORKS— TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS bulldlnr. J2T Markat St.:
sunny offices. $15 per month.
$20 — STORE: 2 show windows and 5 2*rg»
rooms: adapted to any business. 423 Sixth st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to i. 616 Geary, nr. .Tones.
PERSONALS.
BELLE— OUDRY
- ¦ ¦ 13 NOT A LADY.
WANTED — To know th» whereabouts of CARL
JOHAN NILSON. born at Falkenberg. Kal-
mar. Sweden. Any one knowing same will
confer a great favor by Informing his sister,
WENDELA CHARLOTTE ANDERSON. 69
Pond St.. 9. F.
MME ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ra!«r!a; all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1341 Howard st.
BLANDS' seoond-hand clothing store. 79 Ninth:
full value given for ladles", children's cast-oS
clothing, trunks, etc Phone. Howard 11S3.
LEDERER'3 Quintonlca Is a harmless hair
tonic. 35c a bot.: Lederer's Foamo Shampoo
cleans the scalp. So pkg. O. Lederer. 133 Stktn.
THIS week only— Ledersr. the hairdresser. 123
Stockton. gives each person having • hair
dressed and to each purchaser flna El Per-
fecto Rouge; halrdressing. 23c.
A FINE suit to order $10 75. or pants $3 75; our
specialty In remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMO6. 1117
Market St.. bet. 7th and 3th, prop. One-prlc»
Tailoring Co. B32 Kearny. near Saclo. ; also
1644 Market st.. under Bt. Nicholas.
PRIVATE detectlva work; reasonable rates;
10 years' experience. J. B. RAY, 327 Jnsi« st.
WANTED— Old gold for Binuff. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 SO to $3 per week;
frea 'bus and baggage to and from tha ferry.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
LADIES' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEIXEMAN. 139 SaESomo st.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1S15 Linden. Oakland
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O*DONNELL— Offlca and residence.
10MH Market ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PLUMBERS.
W. E. LANE, phone Main 315. 603 California
st.: everybody's plumber.
PROPERTY WASTED.
COTTAGE. 6 or T rooms, near Chutes; state
price and location. Box B., Call branch. 300
Hayes st.
REAL. ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
$730 ASKED— I want an Immediate cash offer
for this lot. 25x97:* feet; north side 21st st-. 50
feet east Eureka, between Diamond and
Douglass. CHA3. C. FISHER. 624 Market St.
$150— COST $1200: 150x300 feet: Butchers R*ser~
vat Ion; 3 fronts; SE. corner 2d ave. south and
J st. south. CHAS. C. FISHER. 624 Market.
$230— HOW Is this? for 4 lots, 80x100 feet each;
north side Felton st., near Dartmouth. Uni-
versity Mound Tract. CHAS. C FISHER,
624 Market st.
$5800.
.... 1-5 cash: balance monthly payments. ....
Rents $720 a year
new modern flats Just finished. 631 Waller St..
between Pierce and Scott: one short block;
from Halght St. cars. F. NELSON, builder.
on premises.
HAVE you real estate ta the Mission or Hor-
n-r's Addition that you wish to dlsooaa of
then call on W. J. QUNN. 630 California st.
IF you have lota In Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly then,
call on W. J.fGUNX. 630 California st.
FOR sale, cheap — New 2-story houses, I rooms;
latest improvements: Noe and Hill sta.; near
Castro-st. cars: patent sidewalk.
$3500— WORTH $4000: store. 3 rooms, bath: flat
above, t rooms, bath, rented. $30. 1417 PaclSc
TWO flats. 4 and S rooms; bath: part cash, bal-
ance can remain. 173 Cook st.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
A MIGHTY nlc« and well-improved, fully
equipped 80-acro ranch near Nasa for $1250.
N. D. SICKELS, the Land Agent,
10 Gaary st., opposite Chrontcla blag., 8. P.
6C0 ACRES In Stanislaus County, near rail-
road: water: growing crops; under fence and
all other Improvements. For particulars ad-
flress or call W. P. CROW. 1334 Polk, city.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
Land for sale In Sonoma. Contra Costa. Glenn,
Santa Cruz, Shasta and Tehama Cos.. Cal.
360 ACRES of land near Bakersfleld; In the oil
belt. Apply 14A Geary st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, 1523— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
ELLIS. 663— Three rooms unfurnished In rear
house; rent $10. ; v
FIFTH 125ir— Nicely furnished room* for
housekeeping; also atngla rooms.
FILLMORE, 61S. Bear Hayes— 4 sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; upper fiat; pri-
vate family. .
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay— I large sunny un-
furnlshed rooms; nice yard; water; $7.
FULTON. 121H— Three sunny front furnished
or unfurnished rooms; range, sink, water and
yard; rent $12 to $15.
G6LDEN GATE. 404— Housekeeping suite;
complete; $35 mo.: single rooms. $10 and $18 so.
HILL. 12^»— Four sunny rooms, parlor floor:
completely furnished for housekeeping; coal
range; tubs: bath, etc; $25.
JESSIE. 476— Two nicely furnished sunay front
rooms for housekeeping.
LARKIN. 326, cor. Golden Gat» ava.— Elegant
sunny housekeeping apartments.
MISSION, 1723tf. near Thirteenth— Nlcaly fur-
nished room: stove, folding bed. use of bath.
laundry; $5.
NATOMA. 284. near Fourth— 2 front furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink and closet.
OAK. 309—3 unfurnished rooms for housekeep-
lng I ;
O'FARRELL, 20*— S nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; very reasonable.
SIXTH. 19— Nicely furnished room* for light
housekeeping; $1 to $1 25. -
THREE sunny comfortably furnished rooms
for housekeeping, with bath; rent $11 82
Elliott Park, off Stelner, bet. Geary and
O'Farrell.
TURK, 543— Sunny room: grate, gas and bath;
light housekeeping If desired; $3. -
VAN NESS. 402—3 sunny connecting rooms,
complete for housekeeping; stationary tubs;
yard. ¦
3 CLEAN, sunny, convenient rooms; separata
entrance: $13. 47 Erie St., bet. 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-scoond "~i Ken-
tucky sta. ; open, until 1 n. o>>
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1900.
10REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Edwin S. and Rebecca C. Tucker to Rosalie
Lewis (wife of Phillip), lot on E line of
Buchanan street, CO S of Jackson, S 80 by E
100; 110.- . ,
John Loughran to Frank J. Sullivan, lot on
E line of Webster street, 95 N of Page, N 25
by E 102:6; also lot on N line of McAllister
street, 112 « Wof Broderlck, W3sby N 137:6;
»10. ¦' . •
Estate of William H. Watson (by executor)
to William H. Watson Jr., lot on S line of Cali
fornia street, 70 E of Pierce, E 22:8 by S 87:6;
1)250.
Bridget Flanagan to John Flanagan, lot on
S line of Fulton street, 125 W of Brodertck, W
25 by S 157:6; *10.
J. H. Meredith to Phebe A. Hearst, lot on N
line of Jackson street. 107:6 E of First avenue,
E 100 N to Reservation, W to point S of begin
ning; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Alexan
der S. Gardiner, lot 11, block 4, Marlon Tract
(hospital lot); *10. ¦ ¦¦
Isaac Anderson to Eva W. Furst, lot on E
line of Pierce street, 2*l S of Waller. S 26 by E
91. lot It, block 2, Marlon Tract (hospital lot);
JlO.
Albert Knowles to William W. Rednall, lot
on tbe SW comer of Eighteenth and Utah
streets, S 100 by W 25; fl.
John O'Brien to Karl Clundt, lot on S line of
Henry street. 106 E of Noe, E 50 by S 115; $10.
Carl A. and Isabella Holm (formerly Vaughn)
to Patrick Kllcoyne, lot on S line of Twenty
ninth street. 214 W of Dolores, S 114. W 18:3, N
117. E 30:3: $10.
Hosea O*good and Michael J. ¦ McMenomy/ lot
on N line of Valley etreet, 180 E of Noe, E B5
by N 114: $10.
Wickersham Banking Company to Ellen Fol
ger (widow), lot on S line. of Clay street, 200 E
of Drumm, E 75 by S 119:6; $27,348.
Mary M. Buckley to Antonio Tlmessl lot on
E line of Salmon street, 77:6 S of Broadway, S
20 by E 60; $10. t
James H. and Rebecca Jennings (Fisher),
Rebecca J. and Jefferson E..Doolittle and Ed
ward 8.. and Elsls Jennings to Willie W. and
Frank M. de Lano, lot on SW line of Spear
street. 137:6 NW of Mission. NW 22:11 by SW
137:6; $10.
Peter A. Smith and Allda W. and Richard
Graves (by Edwin Schwab, referee) to Peter
A. Smith, lot on SW line of Fremont street
230 NW of Folsom, NW 25 by 8W 80; $:»00.
. Peter E. and . Christina M. Smith to Henry
E. Bothln' same: $10.' .--. •
Charles L. and Matilda Parent to same, lot
on SW line of Fremont street. 205 NW of Fol
som, NW 25 by SW 80 : $10. -
Kathryne G. - and Sarah E. McQualde and
Mary - F. . Fogarty to same, • lot ; on SE- line of
Mission street. 234:3 SW of First, SW 22 by SE
80; $10. ¦ ¦- '"'¦-;-¦ -
Boilders' Contracts.
James P. Dunn & Co. (owners) with « John
Trounson (contractor), architects ¦ Martens A
Coffey— All work except plumbing, painting and
decorating ; for; premises to be fitted up -r for
saloon and cigar store at 1000-1002 Market street,
corner Eddy: 11224.
ToCHICAGO
Thls Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across tbe continent.
Connecting Train Leaves Sax Fkakciscos
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n in tine to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves Saa Francisco at 5:30
FYDDF^^ P> m - with Palace and Tonrist
ftVfTv °* n for Kansas City, St. l,ouia,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between - Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford.Visa.lia, Tatars ' b/wrt
and Bakenfield. KUAU
SEC YOU IN , San Francisco office. 623
T DISCO SOON MarketStreet,PhoneMaia
rKiaiU auun • 1531- ¦ Oakland, UU Broad-
way: Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
lanU Clara Street.
CORNER store: 4 Hvlnr rooms and stable; lot
KSxIOO. Inquire 891 Halght St.. S. F.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
LAB PALMAS, IS2O Market st..— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
NEW 'amily hotel; first class In all appolnt-
rnetit*; excellent table; special Inducement* to
select people. £07 California St.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
DIED.
Anderson, Hllma A.
Bassford. Joseph H.
Brown. Rufus N.
Bryan. Thomas T.
Bussing. Margaret A.
Coates. Thomas
Cradick. Margaret
Cunningham, Juliet
Desmond, Jane
Dodge. Mrs. Hannah
Gaffney. James
Gray, Maria A.
Hagan. Cella
Harris. Etta
Hill. Martin
HUlebrandt. Helnrich
Holland. Philip
Jolli ft e, Johanna D.
Kesseler, Francis H.
Lamberts', Franclne
Levy, Julius
Maugham, James
PappenfMss, Capt. F.
Pocock, Arthur F.
Schleicher, Jacob
Sevening, Louisa
Shepston, Catherine
Slavln, Sadie C.
Slessinger, Walter
Soldati. McAndrew
Wheeler, Otis D.
Wlggln. Helen F.
Wightman, Lizzie
Wynne, William
ANDERSON— In Oakland, March 8, 1900, HUraa
• A., beloved wife of P. O. Anderson, a na-
tive cf Sweden, aged 23 years » months and
2 days.
B VSSFORD-^Joseph H. Bassford. formerly
Battery A. Heavy Artillery. California U. S.
Volunteers, late sergeant Company E, Thirty-
sixth U. S. Infantry, wounded at Pcrac. P.
I September 2S. 1599, died at Naval Re-
serve Hospital, Manila, October 17, ISS9. Be-
loved son of John and Sarah Ann Baesford,
Ansonia, Conn., and brother of John W.
Bassford, Oakland. CaJ.
cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock. Interment Govern-
ment Cemetery. Presidio, Cal.
BROWN— In this city, March 8, 1900. Rufus
Nelson Brown, beloved husband of Martha E.
Brown, and father of George O. Brown and
Mrs. Eudora E. Moody, a native of Hope,
Me., aged SO years. (Camden, Me., and Cleve-
land. Ohio, papers please copy.)
ETFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday) at 10:15 o'clock, from the runeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via 11:30
o'clock train.
BRYAN— Killed In action at San Pedro Macati,
Philippine Islands, February 6, 1899, Thomas
T. Bryan, beloved eon of Margaret find the
late Thomas Bryan, and brother of William
H. and John J. Bryan and Mrs. John H.
Wood, a native of San Francisco. A member
of Company H. First California Volunteer
Infantry.
JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
March 11. at 2:30 o'clock, from the Armory
of Company H, N. G. C, corner Page and
Gough streets. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery- Remains at the parlors of Halsted &
Co., 94£ Mission street.
ATTENTION! Company H, First Regiment,
California Volunteers: You are requested to
attend the funeral of the late Thomas T.
Bryan from the Armory, corner Page and
Gough streets, Sunday, March 11, at 2 o'clock
sharp-
BUSSING— In this city, March 8, 1900. Mar-
garet A., beloved wife of Dr. James Bussing,
and mother of Oscar Busslne, a -native of
Illinois, aged 61 years 3 months and 16 days.
COATES— In Oakland, March 7. 1900, at 1204
Adeline street. Thomas, husband of A. E.
Coates, a native of London, England, aged
E2 years 10 months and 21 days.
CRADICK— In Vallejo, March 7, 1900, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Martin Cradick, daugh-
ter of Mrs. E. and the late James Carey, and
sister of Mary, Lillle, William, John and
Thomas Carey, a native of Vallejo, aged 29
years J5 months and 9 days. ,
fCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday) morning, from her late residence,
413 Capitol street, Vallejo. Interment in Va-
llejo.
CUNNINGHAM— In Oakland, March 8, 1900,
Juliet Emllle. daughter of the late Captain
Cunningham of the British Army, and sister
of Harry and Gerald Cunningham and Mrs.
Elmer Rich of Los Angeles, a native of Ben-
gal, East India.
EyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), from the residence of her mother,
71S Seventeenth street. Interment private.
DESMOND— In this city, March 8, 1900, Jane,
beloved wife of John Desmond, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 70 years.
fCT remains at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street.
DODGE— In this city. March 7, ISOO. Mrs. Han-
nah Dodge, beloved mother of John Dodge, a
native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
March 11, 1900, at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 242S Mission street, near Twenty-first,
thence by electric funeral car at 2:30 o'clock
from the corner of Twentieth and Guerrero
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GAFFNEY— In this city, March 6, 1900, James,
brother of P..J. and J. J. Gaffney, a native of
San Francisco, aged 39 years.
GRAY— In this city, March 7, 1900. Maria A.
Gray, beloved mother of Mrs. K. S. Davis, a
native of Missouri, aged 76 years.
HAGAN— In this city, March 7. 1900, Cella.
relict of the late Benjamin Hagan, beloved
mother of Mrs. J. M. Kaufman, Mrs. F. H.
Rothchild of Portland, Or., and Daniel, M.
M. and Louis Hagan. and sister of Mrs. M.
Washower of San Francisco and Mrs. Ull-
rich of New York, a native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 83 y*ars 6 months and 10 days.
(New Tork and Portland, Or., papers please
copy.)
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence or
J. M. Kaufman. 2524 Pine street. Interment
Home of Pesee Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
HARRIS— In this city, March 7, 1900, Etta
Harris, .daughter of Emerson and Esther
Harris, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years and 3 months.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 41 C2 Twenty-fifth street, between
Noe and Castro. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
HILL— In this city. March 7. 1900. Martin, be-
loved husband of Marie Hill, and father of
Ene and Jennie Hill, a native of Denmark
aged 48 years and 3 months. .¦ -
pr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
MARBIED.
EHLERT— GIMPEL— In this city, March 7, ISOO,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Charles Ehlert
and Harriet Glmpel. -
HAGERTY— ADAM— In this city, February K.
at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev. E. P.
Dempsey, Robert D. Hagerty and Ollie M.
Adam, both of San Francisco.
PETERSON — SCHLOMANN —In this city,
March 7, ISOQ,, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler,
Peter Peterson and Mary Schlomann.
RINGHEIM— DAHL— In this city, March 7,
1S(i0. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Frederick
Klr.gheixn and Caroline Dabl.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorited to have the same published.
BORN. *
BLANK— Ia Berkeley. March 7. 1900, to the
wife of C. A. Blank, a son.
CHRISTENSON— In this city. March 4. MOO. to
the wife of P. Chrlstenson, a daughter.
MERRILL— In Oakland. March 8, 1900. to the
wife of C W. Merrill, a daughter. (Helena,
Mon:.. and Lead, S. Dak., papers please
copy.)
O'CONNOR— In this city. Fehruary U. 1900, to
the wife of Peter P. O'Connor, a son.
POST. S3\— Two small tunny rooms, furnished,
f5 each per month; Protestant Christians;
neither drink nor smoke In the house.
O'FARRELL. 20— Eunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights: day, wk., mo.
Fourth race— Seven furl ongps; three-year-olds;
selling: ; >
898 San T0ma»......U6
892 William F 109
886 Burdoc ,108
900 Jolly Briton. . ...104
800 Summer ...'....'..112
868 Antler .1........M09
871 Mildred Hughes.lo7
900 Choteau 107
Fifth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; selling: - - .-' c. , - > ,"
207 Polish ...........114
¦893 Muscalado ......111
876 Adam Andrew.. ll4
704 Roadrunner ....114
(893)Durward ........111
897 Duke of Tork 11.111
875 Greyhurst 11l
897 Chas. Le 8e1. ...11l
857 Scintillate 109
831 Dr. Marks 11l
895 Captive 114
547 Obsidian ...110
Sixth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling: '
891 Good H0pe...... 98
SSB Bamboulia 92
890 Uarda 107
873 True 81ue... 106
(897) Grand Sachem..lOB
(896) Peace 103
Selections for To-Day .
First race— lsaline, Bandera, Morelia.
Second race— Sublime, Irate, Carilee. '
Third race— Dr. Nembula, Torslna. De Blaise.
Fourth race— San Tomas, Burdoo, Summer.
Fifth race-*-Obsldian, Roadrunner. Captive,
Sixth race — Peace, j Good Hope, Bamboulla.
SAN TOMAS IS
A WONDER IN
MUDDY FOOTING
Bolted at the Start, and Then
Finished Close Up at
the Stand.
Three Choices Show in Front at Oak
land—None Such Beats His
Field Out at Long
Odds.
About the only Incident bordering on
the sensational in connection with the
sport at Oakland track .yesterday was the
phenomenal run made "by San Tomaa in
the opening event. The erratic actor went
to the post favorite . over the other nine
starters, and his behavior was most ex
emplary until a start was accomplished.
Then he bolted toward the outside fence
with Buchanan, looking to be completely
out of. the race. A crack over the head
from his rider's whip straightened him
out again, and running like a scared wolf
he actually finished well up In the bunch.
But for his crankiness the Brutus horst
would have won by himself. As it was,
Espirando, ad to 1 choice, ridden by
Powell, downed Bamboulla a neck.
While only three favorites crossed the
wire first, none of the other winners were
neglected, the 15 to 1 shot None Such es
pecially carrying considerable support.
Very few of the books laid away much
money.
The Pueblo stable's Intrada captured
the two-year-old dash. The filly enjoyed
a decided call in the betting over her
field, and breaking in front was nevei
headed. Buchanan landed On Time in the
place, a couple of lengths ahead of
Socapa. >
A poor start contributed. to ta# defeat
of Essence, 4 to 5 favorite for the mile
selling run. Bullman, who had the leg up,
was apparently asleep when the barrier
went up, getting several lengths the worst
of it. The heavily played Tekla then went
out, winning easily. Essence got up In
time to take the place from Choteau.
None Such, a lS to 1 shot, played to 8,
furnished the surprise in the mile and a
sixteenth run. First away at the start,
he went through the mud like an ice-cut
ter, having speed to loan at the finish.
The hard-ridden favorite Stuttgart lost
the place to Don Luis, the second horse
throughout the running.'
W. L,. Stanfield's Toriblo has developed
into more than a shifty ! selling plater.
Starting a stanch favorite for the second
mile selling run, he raced head and head
with Boundlee to the stretch, when T.
Walsh cut loose, winning in a romp.
Scotch Plaid overtook Boundlee on the
way home, beating Schreiber's colt for the
place. Erwin was never a factor.
It was not such a bad day for the tall
Texas horseman, for the Stanneld colors
were again conspicuous in the final event.
Castake, at odds of o to 2, trailed Miss
Marion to the stretch turn, where he as
sumed the lead, finishing first, seven
lengths in front of Montallade.
Track Notes.
Bullman objected to riding Cyril In the
opening event until ordered to do so by
the Judges, Barney Schreiber having made
the engagement. The horse has bad un
derpinning, and his entry will not be ac
cepted In future at Oakland.
Fred Edwards, trainer of San Tomas,
was requested by the stand to put up a
strong boy In future on his horse.
Bookmaker Johnny Coleman, who Is
having- a try at the gamo from the ground,
was fortunate enough to get aboard the
long shot None Such.
It was quite generally supposed that
weight packing was the "long suit" of
Momentum. The horse received strong
backing to win the first number and fin
ished fifth.
There was considerable "kicking" over
the start to the mile run, captured by
Tekla. Bullman had the mount on Es
sence and looked fully as much to blame
as the starter for not getting away.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Six furlongs; three-year-old fillies;
selling:
BSO Pidalla ..:.. 107 88« Morelia ..107
69 Flush of G01d.. .107 880 Fllle d"Or... 107
880 For Freedom 107 (SSO)lsallne 107
( 86S Bona 107 854 Bandera 107
Second race — Three and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-old fillies:
594 Screenw'l Lake.loB
888 Eonic 108
858 Tiollta ..10S
888 Irate ..108
888 Too Hot 108
894 Loneliness 10S
882 Carilee 108
851 Madrlna 108
743 Cathrn. Bravo.. loB
... Merldla 108
894 Sublime ........108
888 Undergrowth ...108
Third race— Five furlongs; four-year-olda and
upward; purse: . -
247 Jessie 0 108
... Flacon .113
877 Dr. Nembula ...109
563 Isabella 108
818 Torslna 10S
... Relna de Cuba.. lo4
896 Jim 8r0wne1!....110
896 Clarando 104
604 UncU True.. ....110
670 Shellac .108
798 Mainstay 113
887 De Blaise 109
(••ITTHKKX rAI'IFIi" CO»PA.TV.
(pacific; »tricr.«s»,>
Trains leaie »n<l »r« «iv« ««» nrrlve mt
*%> riCAIWIMCO.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street.)
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
CERTIFICATE , OF COPARTNERSHIP— State
of California, city and county of Saa Fran-
clrco [ss.J.
We, the undersigned, do hereby certify that
we are partners transacting business in said
State, at the city and county of San Fran-
cieco, under the firm name and style ¦ of
DOMESTIC LAUNDRY: that the names In
full of all the members of such partnership
are George Schindele, H. D. Morris and Jo-
seph H. Currier, and that the places of our
respective residences are set opposite our re-
spective names hereto subscribed.
In witness whereof we have hereunto set our
hands this 3d day of March, 1900.
GEORGE SCHINDELE, place of residence,
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California.
JOSEPH H. CURRIER, place of residence,
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California.
H. D. MORRIS, place of residence, city and
county of San Francisco, State of California.
State of California, city and county of San
Francisco [€«.]
On this 6th day of March, in the year one
thousand nine hundred, before me. GEORGE
F. HATTON, a notary public In and for
said city and county, residing therein, duly
commissioned and sworn, personally appeared
GEORGE SCHINDELD,
JOSEPH H. CURRIER and
H. D. MORRIS,
known to me to be the persons whosa names
are subscribed to the within instrument, and
acknowledged that they executed the same.
In witness whereof. I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal at mv office
In the city and county of San Francisco, the
day and year last above written.
GEORGE F. HATTON. Notary Public In
and for the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California.
/nc/%vov a. co..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMERS
1235 Market St.. between Bth and »th.
Teltphons South 247.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. IS. of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal etock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company. 430 Cali-
fornia st.. SantFranclrco.* on March 10, 1900.
Transfer books close March 3, 1W). at noon.
A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62»KEABSTST. Established
In I *»3 » for the treatment of Private*
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Deoilltyor
disease rearing on bodyand mind and
skin Diseases, rhedoctorcureswheii
others fall. Try him. Charg s» low.
<'nrr>cnarnnlrrd. Callorwrita.
f>r. J. *'. UIBBOXi B«x 1937. San Ftaocia9-
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900. by H. H. Egbert)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. TThursday. March 8. im— Weather rainy. Track Bloppy.
898. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; pufse, J350.
Time— V4, :12%; %, :37: %. 1:03V4. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. I. More
house's blk. g., by Imp. Brutus-Ardente. Henry on Bamboulla made his final move too late
or he would have won. Heloise no stayer. San Tomas bolted soon after start and then made
a wonderful run from the rear. Cyril lame. Scratched— Mainstay 136, High Hoe 138.
809. SECOND RACE — Three and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds ; purse, $350.
Time— 3-16. :19; 7-18. :44H. ' Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner, J.
Naglee Burk/s^h^f.. byßrlojiO^A^dante^^
000. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds; purse, • 1400.
Time— X, :26; H, :51tt; %, 1:17; mile. 1:44. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner, W.
F Schulte's b. cby Argyle-Mlss All. Bullman manajred to get the favorite away very
badly. Tekla- T>Q's}blZ J ***l»*gZ*}Us^s^^^
»01. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling: four-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Time— l-16 :07; 6-H. :S2; 9-18, :51%; IS-1«, 1:J«; mile, 1:41 : 1 l-16m, 1:51. Good start. Won
easily s'ecend and' third' driving. ' Winner, M. J. • McCune's b." g., -by Keyser- Edith P.
None ' Such heavily .. played. Stuttgart lacked speed, but stood plenty of riding. Wofford
¦won't do._ jnm j^EP^^^A^^-^^U^Lrß^-Kt"^^- ?S^S^SfeS?S?JL§5£^^ j??^-r>^-o>jo>.
002. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, |400.
Tim*— U:ti: V,. :60H; %..l:isvi: mile, IMS'*. Good start. Won easily, second and third drlv-
ing.' Winner, W. L. Btanfleld's eh. g., by Apache-Marin. ..Winner drew away at leisure.
Boundlee w "'22£jSissL^2£^S v^JJ i iJ-i2IJ!S
003. SIXTH RACE— Sevn furlongs ; selling ; three-year-olds and upward; purs*. $400.
Tim*— H. :13; tt, :tf: %. 1:024; %, l:t8H. Good start Won easily, second and third driving.
Winner," W. L.' Btanfleld's b. f ., by Apache-Llna. Castake Is cherry - ripe In his ' present
form. Montallade ran to form. - Miss Marlon found th« route too far. • Scratched— Clprl
ano V ¦.-.-¦:¦<•¦•*-•'"" -,¦¦¦ "¦: ¦-¦ '¦'¦'¦ ' - ¦ ' ¦¦¦'¦;* ' ••-": ' .'. '- '?¦ ¦ ¦ " -¦
DI VI III-:.% D .VOTICUS.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend Xo. II (thirty
cents per share) of the. Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 827 Market St., on and
after Saturday. March 10, 1900. Transfer
books will close on Saturday, March 3.
1900, at 12 o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
OAKUM) KfBMTORB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture draler. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAJVD ROOMS.
EUNNT rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
ing *« up. Hotel Shsna, 1228 Broadway.
OAKLAND Branch Office cf The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisurnwits snd gubscrlptlons received.
14500 WILL buy new modern house, 12 rooms;
fine improvements: large stable. 1529 Eighth
aye.. Oakland; keys next door south.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
t LOTS in near-by town. JIM each, to exchange
for lodging-house or business. Address W.
F. O'UANION. 1118 Broadway.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
KATLBO AD TRAVEL.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
DOUBLE parlors, dining room, bedroom, fine
basement grounds and fruit trees; summer
house' close to station; reasonable to right
party; references exchanKed. 2101 Central
aye.. Alameda.
FOR »ale— At rreat sacrifice If sold at once;
southeast corner Bentnn st. and Alameda aye..
Morton station: lot TSxISO, with »-room cot-
tage See BEW DRUG CO. at once.
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
TO
CHICAGO,
VIA
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
AND CONNECTIONS.
IEAVIMO BAN FRANCISCO DAILY.
8:30 A. M. and 8:30 P. M.
Effective February tt. 1900.
Get Information of Southern Paclflo ticket
agents or
GENERAL OFFICE. 14 Montgomery st.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
jiwfr— CORNER lot: Santa Clara aye.: 60x150;
near Morton-st. station.
Slsoo— Fine lot; £0x150; Para rt., near the
bay bargain.
tIOOO— Elegant lot, west side of Lafayette St.,
near San Antonio aye.; snap.
H2V> \«w modern 8-room house; Alameda
avenue near Lafayette et.; large lot.
S3SOG-^New Colonial, 7-room cottage; Grand
»t.. near Alameda aye.; easy installments;
larVe lot: snap.
Bargains in all parts cf Alameda*. all the
above can be bought on easy terms.
Office cpen Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Etoraire and Moving Co.
Office* 401 Post rt.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
STORAGB AM) WAREHOUSES.
NfWHfK I IMF &?iS£ 1888 SSX
. Monthly sailing- for Valparaiso and Hamburg
via Mexican ports. Central, South America, etc.
8. 8. HITSOS 3A11i3 ABOOT MARCH 11
J. ». SFBKCKKLS * B Rf »- COu *s«ta, 1 14 »o.t ( «*r r Si.
Pl»r »• 7— rrrl»ht OSltt. SOT Mwkrt HUitt tnurlMU
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pa I ri ngsllowe»trates ;^2osFourthst ;^^^^
BENTED. repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
IEWIN'G MACHINES AXU SUPPLIES.
Stages connect at Banta Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. CarUbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lske-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlchr
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pome*
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's.
Bncknell's. Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullville, Or^s
Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal. Wlllltts, LaytonvlHe. Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday rotmd-trlo tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.'
Ticket Offices 850 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITINO, R. X. RYAN.
• General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
It p«gei». In wrapper, for malllnr. SI per year.
BOOMS papered from S3: whitened. SI up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for S4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
416 Montgomery et., rooms 9-10; tel. 6520.
SPECIAL SOTICES.
UNFURNISHED room; about S3 or *4 a month;
mld'Jle-aged man. Box 3909. Call.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect Ean Francisco.
October 15. i
Week Sun- 18». Sun- ' Week
Days. days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:39 am S:CO am Xcvatcx. 19:40 am! S:«wn
3:33 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm|lo:2s am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:33 pm| 6:22 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton,
• - Qeyservllle.
3:30 pm 1:00 am cloverdala. T:S3 pm »:22 pm
7:30 ami IHopland and! j
I 8:0) am| Uklah. | 7:35 prnj «:23 pa
7:30 am 19:15 am
3:00 am Guemevlll*. T:33 pm
3:30 pm *:22 pm
7:30 am S:oOam Sonoma »:15 am S:4oam
• and
B:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:55 pm C:22 pm
HOOUS WANTED.
MAN and wife want room and board; € blocks
from corner of Webster and Sacramento sts.
Box 4406. Call office.
VAN NESS. 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: reasonable; modern conveniences.
jrOTKL FALISBURT. Hyde & Eddy; changed
hands: thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
A— HOTEL La Normanile. 326 Eddy— Sunny
eultes and Binrle rooms ; everything new: first-
r!&ra table and service; prices moderate.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Msrket St.— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or sln-
gte; with or without board; table first class;
reduced rates.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs C O Hansen, Cal J W Corning, Eureka
C H Carroll, Fresno C E Calkins, Eureka
J Langley, Cal J L Stevens, wf, Cal
G Parker. Cal F R Hall, Eureka
E R Hambltn, Seattle C M FUmore, Seattle
J Price, Seattle Mrs Filmore, Seattle
R Crcaby, Oakdala C Hullman. Seattle
L N Bell, Lob Ang J D Nichols, Seattle
C H Achew, NY G W Lamb,. Seattle
J Forrest. NY T Sharp. Seattle •
PALACE HOTEL.
H B Frollch, Chgo J Spark, Reno
J A Cutler, lowa G W Meyers, lowa
Mrs O B Kellmay.Kan Mrs Meyers, lowa
Oen J Wheeler. U S A G P Lord. Illinois
Miss A Wheeler, USA Mrs Lord. Illinois
Miss E Davis, N V Mrs A C Gf st, Chicago
W J Rhlle, USA " J Williamson, N V
B H Garrett, U S A C V Allen. N V
W -Bengough, NY W Meyberry, Los Angr
F C Imes, Spokane H Greene, N Y.
J C Gamage, Cal • Mrs Greene, N X< '¦¦'¦/:
A W Berglvan. Chg W E Fitch, Ky
Mrs Davis, City J V Gottchalk, N V
Mrs F J McShane, Neb Mrs Gottchalk. N V
Miss R W Shelby.Ohio H Tracy, England
D McMillln, N V Miss Ed Jones. Pa
E M Camp, Chicago Miss J Jones, Pa
Dr D Brown, NY J Laverty, N V
C W Ferris, Seatl« T Flint Jr, San Juan
G A Burch. Seattle L ' Gerkuger. Stanford
M G Meyers, Ohio J Hudson. N V
F W Warren, Or Mrs Hudson. NY
Raymond Excursion. Mrs C A Gurnsey. Chg
Mrs H H Hutchins, Miss C C Wasa. N V
Mm H D Forbes, Miss L W Fisher. Cal
G Barnard, - J A Chase, San Jose
Mrs Barnard. B Hlrschfleld, N V
J J Spowers, A J Houstan, Ohio
L D Warner. H L Plttman. N V
Mrs Warner, G W Elly, Plttsburg
Mrs H L Thompson, A B McCreery. City
Miss I W Nourse, O P Jenkins, Cal
A R Hart, C Foster. San Rafael
Mrs Hart, Mrs Foster, Sn Rafael
Mrs A G Williams, J C Schulte, NY
Mrs D T Dliney, R W Foster, N V
Miss J W Keene, A G Kavanagh, City
Miss B Keene, E A Harris, N V
G F Sunand. ¦ Mrs Harris, N V
P F Schnell, '«
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubrc-rtptlons has been established at the
northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
turkv Ft*.: open rjntll 9 p. m.
Men's vici kid shoes wcth $3 50 for 11 50 a
pair at the sale of shoes, 717 Market st. *
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A nRANCH office for Call advertisements and
vubperiptioas has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3728. near Dolores-4 sunny
bay-window rooms: nice and complete.
THIRTEENTH. 325. near Valencia— Large front
room, with closet: rent 18.
THE OAKS. 11» Third— A good rooming house
frr good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
CUNNY furnl*hed alcove; gas; bath; phone;
dinner If desired. 220 Halght ft.
6T. PETER'S Home, 705 California-Changed
h&nds; nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keeping roomi.
COAST PITIMON (Broad C'auge).
(Thlr>l and Townaeiul St?.)
BAN AJfTOXIO. 21 Taylor near Market— An
tip-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
eea bathe; suites and single rooms.
EHKRMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth «t..
Dear Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SEVENTH, 121 — N>wly furnished sunny rooms;
gentlemen preferred.
E1XTH. 829— Sunny furnUhed rooms, Jl to K W;
closet In every room: also housekeeping- suits.
ROSEDALE House, 319 & 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to SI; week. SI 25 to M; open night.
JtOVAL House. 1?6 Ellis et.— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rocms. per night. 35c to fl CO; week, 12 to
%t; month, SS to 320; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
I'Owell. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or single; running water; gas; reaa.
COAST DIVISION O'arrOTf Cauge).
(Foot el Market Street.)
POST, 23>— Elegant transient rooms fcr tourists;
all conveniences; traveling men; elevator.
MISSION. R32— Nicely furnished sunny front
room. Including bath; suitable for 1 gentle-
men.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay window room, $1 per week; transient.
MASON. €ltß. near Butter— Elegant, large
sunny room, suitable for gentleman.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows;
John L. Cary, £4. Oakland, and Eda Grabs,
21, Oakland.
A. Herman W. Schleu. 23. 1700 Hyde street,
and Christine Sprensen. 23, 16 Danvers street.
John O. Dahl. S3, Noyo, Mendocino County,
and Amanda Johnson, 36. Noyo.
Jose dor Santos, 27, city, and Leonida M. de
Borba. 15, city.
Adelbert D. Frederick. 21. 11 Eugenia avenne,
and Lizzie Hess. 19, Alameda^
OCEAN TBAVEIj.
HARRISON. 7MH. near Fourth— Finely fur-
niahed eunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
tnn.'rtike: JI week up.
FIELD DAY AT STANFORD.
Owing to the Bain the Ground Wat
in Poor Condition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March B.—
The annual handicap field day was held
to-day on the university campus. Each
event was closely contested and good time
was made, considering the softness of the
track. The surprise of the day was
Nourse's victory over Stewart In the 100
yard dash. On account of the soggy con
dition of the turf the field sports were
postponed. Following Is the summary:
100-yard daah— First heat: Nourse (2 yards),
first: Hart (4 yards), second; time, ill. Second
heat— Harter (3H yards), first; Narramore. (6
yards), second; time, :11. Third heat — Lyons
(SV» yards) and Lawrence (5 yards), dead heat;
time, :11. Semi-finals— Nourse, first; Stewart
and Narramore, second; time, :10 >-6. Second
heat: McCaughern, first; Harter, second; time,
10 4-5 seconds.
Finals— Nourse, first; McCaughern. second;
Stewart, third; time, 10 8-6 seconds. •
.880- yard run— Baker (85 yards), first; John;
second; Talbot (30 yards), third; time 2 min
ute*. 9 4-5 seconds.
440-yard dash— Chadbourne (scratch), first;
Smith (scratch), second; Hawley (15 yards),
third; time, 54 4-5 seconds. "
120-yard hurdle— Strout, first; Bowman, sec
ond; Pollard, third; (all scratch); time, 18 2-5
seconds.
One mile walk— Zschokka (scratch), first;
Preston (30 yards), second; Jones (Bcratch),
third; time, 8 minutes 3 seconds.
220-yard dash— Nourse (scratch), first; Mc-
Caughern (2 yards),, second; time, 24 4-5
seconds.
220-yard hurdles— Strout (scratch), first; Pol
lard (scratch), second; time. 30 seconds.
One mile run— Chadbourne (scratch), first;
Niklrk (76 yards),' second; Borough (scratch),
third; time, 6 minutes 13 seconds.
. Broad Jump— Symonds (8 Inches), first, 21 feet
1% Inches; Lyons (8 Inches), second, 21 feet 1
inch; Hawley (18 Inches), third, 20 feet 1«4
Inches.
. .- »
WELL MATCHED BOXERS
TO MEET IN THE RING
OAKLAND, March B.— Besides two ten
round goes, tnere will be a' lively six-cor
nered boxing match to-morrow evening
at the Reliance Club's tournament. Half
a dozen boxers are to occupy the ring at
the same time, and the winner will be the
fighter who lasts the longest. The bout
between McMahon and Simpson at 137
pounds Is awaited with Interest by club
men. ) The boxers are considered well
matched and ready for a hot go. Martin
and Johnson have been training diligently
for their fistic struggle.
GEARY, 455 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed roomi. eultes or single; travelers accom.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1079 York street, between Twenty-sec-
ond and Twenty-third. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HILLEBRANDT— In this city, March 7, 1900,
Helnrich, beloved son of Maria and the lata
J. H. HUlebrandt. and brother of J. H.. -Wil-
liam, Maria, Katharlna, August, George and
Adele , HUlebrandt. .- a native of BederkeSa,
Hanover. Germany, aged 32 years 11 months
and X days. ¦
tJTriends and acquaintances and members
; of. the Hannoveraner Verein are respectfully.
Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow (Sat-,
urday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 900 A Folsom street, corner of Fifth,
thence to St. Matthew's German Lutheran
Church, Eleventh street, between Mlsston and
Market, where the services will be held, com-
mencing' at 1 o'clock, and thence by electrlo
funeral car leaving corner of Mission and
Fourteenth streets at 2 o'clock to Mount Oll-
¦ vet Cemetery for Interment. *.
HOLLAND— In this city, March 7. 1900, Philip
Holland, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 67
years.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend -the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JOLLIFFE— In this city, March 8, 1900. Jo-
hanna D., widow of the late Captain Wil-
liam H. Jolllffe.
Cyinterment private.
KESSELER— In this city, March 7. 1900. Fran-
cis H., dearly beloved husband of Mary Eliza-
beth Kesseler, beloved father of Elizabeth,
Eugene, Charles, Agnes, Gertrude, Edith and
Criasle Kesseler. and brother of Maria and
the late Joseph Kesseler of San Francisco.
Dr. A. Kesseler and the late Rev. A. Kesse-
ler of New York. Mrs. John Elchorn of Boston
and the late Sister Ursula of Norte Dame,
Mass., a native of Cologne, Germany, aged S3
years and 1 month.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 326 Lexington avenue, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commenctne at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
.Calvary Cemetery.
LAMBERG— In this city, March 7, 1900. Fran-
cine Adeline, beloved wife of Edward Lam-
berg (nee Comraarmont), a native of St.
Etlenne, France, aged 43 years.
tn?"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at i o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1442 Clay street, between Leavenworth
and Hyde.
LEVY— In this city, March 8, 1900. Julius Lery,
a native of Germany, aged 67 years 1 month
and 17 days. A member of Hermann Lodge
No. I*7, F. and A. M.; Germania Lodge No.
116, I. O. O. F., and Walhalla Encampment
No. 7, I. O. O. F.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Theo. Dierks. 957 Mission
street.
MAUGHAM— In this city, March 8, 1900, James
Maugham, beloved husband of the late Eliza-
beth Maugham, a native of Yorkshire, Eng-
land, aged S2 years 10 months and 12 days.
PAPPENFUSS— In this city, March 6, 1900, at
his residence, 527 Ellsworth street. Bernal
Heights, Captain Frederick, beloved husband
of Elizabeth Pappenfuss. father of Frederick
. Jr. and Sophie Pappenfuss, and stepfather of
William, Herrman, Owen. John and ¦ Lizzie
Brown and Mrs. Mary Hughea. a native of
Prussia. Germany, aged 55 years 5 months
and 5 days. . «
fCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), from Red Men's Hall, 820 Post
street, where services will be held under the
auspices of Sotoyome Tribe No. 12, I. O. R.
M., commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
POCOCK— In Alameda, March 8, 1900, Arthur
Ferdinand, youngest son of W. R. T. and
Cecelia Mcl Pocosk, aged 21 years and 2
months.
ETFriends are invited to the funeral
to-morrow (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from
Et. Joseph's Church, Alameda. Interment pri-
vate.
SCHLEICHER— In this city, March 7, 1900, at
his residence? 1124 O'Farrell street, Jacob
Schleicher, beloved husband of Katherine
Schleicher. and father of A. F. Schleicßer
and Mrs. Ed L. Head, a native of Bruchsaal.
Baden, aged 73 years 7 months and 9 dayß.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thin day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his lata resi.
dence, 1124 O'Farrell street, thence to Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner of Seventh and Market
streets, where services will be held under the
auspices of Germanla Lodge No. 116. . I. O.
0. F., commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SHEPSTON— In this city. March 6. 1900. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of William Shepston, and
mother of Robert Shepston. Mrs. James
Flaherty and Mrs. B. C. Lynch. -a native of
Queens County, Ireland, aged 63 years and S
months.
IC3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 124 Falrmount street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, corner of Twenty-ninth and
Church streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
SEVENING— In Alameda, March T, 1900. Louisa
Sevening. beloved wife of Henry Sevenlng,
and. mother of Mrs. Frank Miller and Lulu
and Alma Serening, a native of Germany,
aged 58 years 4 months and 25 days. (Tuol-
umne County papers please copy.)
G? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2439 Central avenue. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
SLAVIN— In this city, March 8. 1900. at 1305
Broadway, Sadie C.. beloved daughter of
Mar>' and the late Patrick Slavln, a native of
Ean Francisco.
ICTA solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated In St. Brlgid's Church for the repose of
her soul to-morrow (Saturday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are respectfully invited to attend.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BLESSINGER— In this city, March 8. 1900,
Waiter, dearly beloved and only son of Wal-
ter and Flora Slesslnger, and brother of Olga
Slesslr.ger, a native of San Francisco, aged
S months and 8 flays.
SOLDATI— In Petauma. March 5, 1900, Mc-
Andrew Soldatl. a native of Switzerland, aged
61 years.
WHEELER— In this city. March 8. 1900, Otis
Delno, beloved husband of Lucy Wheeler (nee
Brooks), and nephew of Charles Lyman, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 47 years 11
months and 22 days.
WIGGIN— In Coatzacoalcos, Mexico, March 7,
1900. Helen Florence, daughter of Marcus P.
Wlggin of Alameda, a native of California,
aged 23 years and 11 months.
WIGHTMAN— In this city, March 7, 1900. Liz-
zie WlgMman, beloved wife of James Wight-
man, mother of Hattle, Johnnie. Alice and
Albert Wlghtman, and sister of Mrs. ; Wil-
liam 'McDermott and 'William O'Brien, a na-
tive of New Tork. aged 33 years and 11
months.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
CFrlday). at 2 o'clock, from her late 'resi-
dence. 24 Lily avenue, off Franklin street, be-
tween Oak and Page. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
¦WYNNE— In this city, March 6, 1900, William,
beloved husband of Ellen Wynne, and father
of Nicholas P. and Lizzie A. Wynne, a na-
tive of County Monagban, Ireland.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 114 Capp street, thence to St. Charles
Borromeo's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BAHEOAD TEAVEL.
-GRAND HOTEL.
G R Cowan.Forest Hill A Olson, Argyl*
W M Cutter. Marysvl j c Franks. Bradford
C J Christopher. Mo ' Mrs E M Sehorn, Cal
N E Palmta*. Cal Mrs A T Harris. Term
G H Warford. VS N C Selble &w. San Jose
Miss L C Green, Cal i W H Eckhardt. Sacto
E H Cowine & w. Cal M Woolf. New Tork
R E Bevan. Marysvllle G D Cummings, Dawsn
S P Colt. Malhem City M Blg^3. Orovllle
A C Burton. Idaho E H Arsis & w, Utah
R J Hutchins, Mich E R Anderson, L Angr
Mrs J C Franks. Cal Mrs J O Bjrcbee. Fresn
Mrs D L Grant, S Cruz Mrs J O Byxbee.Freano
L W Irvine, Riverside Miss E Byxbee, Fresno
E O Ray, Chicago J C Dv Bois 4 w.
A H Hart. New York Waggtngera Falls
W C Daub & w. Cal T H Barclay. L. Ana;
A T "Webster & w, J Tully. Stockton
Toronto C L Dulln, Manila
D J Crowley & w.Wash S M Duarte. Monterey
W A Veith. Fresno W J Dlckson, Cal
D E Perkins, Vlsalla A H Parker. Chicago
F Wolf & w. San Jose H Tletlg Jr. Ohio
C J Coeh. Oxnaid Mrs C P Lewia.Benicla
R D Hubbard St w, T "W Tetley A w. Cal
Minnesota G Gnauck. Benlcia
BK T Overton. lone J H Woods. Seattle
F M Manson. Nev City J C Llndsey. Seattle
G Jones. Grass Valley O T Tunstall Jr. B C
E T Clant. Placervllle J S Crowder. Vancouvr
E L. Webber. Napa W E Drake. Vancouver
A Grantz, Napa W E Gaumean. B C
E B Guieley A w, Cal J H A Boyer.Wyo
Is M Cheshire. 8 Jos« V R Francher. Merced
H A Bell. Sacramento A C Russell. Stockton
G Goodman, Oakland O Jessen. WatsonvHl«
A W Maltby. Concord H H Hunter. San Jos»
H Wohle. Sookane M Kan>«n,- Chlca«o
O T Atwood. Stockton H W d'Evers. Chicago
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1900.
XOOMS TO LET-Pnrß. and Infnrn.
A-BRUNS\TlCK~H'6uiE7~nr^«h^RocTms
2..c to H per night; SI 15 to 15 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA. J3s Post st.. cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and ail conveniences.
lbavb — From Febrcabt 15, 1300. — arritb
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. told No. U64)-Fur-
RlFhed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished-
CARROLLTON. lft* Market, cor. Golden Gat«
¦ye.- Sunny corner; well furn.: rras. A offices.
CLARA. 141 A. near Fifth— Nicely furnished
front room. Ji 25 per week; modern.
ELLIS. SlS— Elegantly furnished front and back
parlor; a!so s'.nsrle room.
ELLIS. IS3S— Larjre sunny furnished front room,
with ute of bath.
FOLPOM. bCi, corner Sixth <The Oliver)— Sunny
furn'ehed rooms; suites or. single; new marnt.
FRANKLIN. 11 (Newport)— Nicely furnished
rooms: cult or single; sunny; also housekeep-
ing room*; running water.
GEARY. 14 A— Bunny furnished rooms; reason-
able rent.
GOLDEN GATE aye., S&— Furnished rooms;
%S and JT.
GOLDEN OATE aye., 780— A sunny, convenient
room; u»e of kitchen and parlor; SS.
HANCOCK House. Tgl Mission— Select family
rooming house; tl to to 16 per week.
•7:00 a Benicla. Sntenu, Hmira, VacaTille,
Uan-iSey ami Hccnvnento "Ts lor
•7iO»a Shut* Eipresa-DuTia, Willows,
Ue<l Bluff. Portland "7t*3r
•T:3»a Martinez, Saa lUinna. Vallejo. >'apa,
Ca!iatcg:i«D<l Santa Rosa •«»I»r
•9:30* Tho OTeiUi«lLlnl!e.l-Oaden, Den-
ver, Omaha. Chicago »S»I3»
•atSOA Sau .lime. liTermoro, Stockton,
lane, Sacranieuto. Placerrille,
M.-irySTllle, «.liico, l:e«t r.lnlT •lil»p
•9:39* 'Milton, Oaktlale, fcocora. Carters... MilSr
• !>:•><>» Haywanla. N ilrs ar.d Way Stations. *1 1 J l.» *
*»:OOa D-»vU, Woodlaod, Knlsats Landiaj,
llarysTille, OroTlile •7:i3y
•!»:OO\ AtUntio Kxpress— Ojden ami East »I»>«3a
•0:00 a. Martinez, Tney, Lathrop, Stockton, '
Msrce.l anil Fresno »12:13f
•U:U«» Port Costa. Fresno, MoJaT.i and I.cs
An K ei«"« ••:1.-»r
• I O : O o * Vallrjo. Martinez ami Way S tationa •«**3 r
•1I:O(U MltT. LlTermore, Stockton. Hacra-
mento, Memlota, iUufonl, VUalia,
PcrtCTTillo *t«l.lp
•l«:<>©xHaywanls, JTiltsamlWay Stations. *2:1".r
fl:OOr Maernmeuto ltl»er Stewmors t*:»Or.
•SsOOr Ilaywarda. Niks and Way Stations. *3: 13*
•4: «op Martinet, Matt lUmon, Vallejo,
Nar-o, Calintopi, Sauta Rom "Siiia*
•4:*>«r B«nlcla, VacaTilH Haerani«nto,
Wuotlland, KnUhti J.nudhic.
MarysTlllc. Ototlllb _«1«:43a
M«8Or NIIo», Han .loae and Stockton *7>l3p
•3:OOrTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Tresno. fc
Bakersacld. Sanjus for H»nU Bar- "^
bara. Lc.t Angele* «1o:-13a
a3:OOr Snrset Ll.tltcd-El Paso, Xew Or-
lencaecil East «I«s4sa.
•3s3of Stocktoa. M«ct«l, I'resuo Msiil3r
*s::tor Kr»wu>, ltakeratielil. S.mta lluliara,
Los ADgeles, l>enilE*. El Taso,
- Kew Orleans and East *9i«3*
•3iB«r HauU I" Jtoute— Atlaiitla Eipiess
«,,r Mojata a»..l But I? 1 "? 1 '
•o:Oopnajw*rds,X;Stsftu4 Man Joso •7:15*.
?«:3Or Valleju •l««ISf
•GtBu i- Oriental Miil-OfOen, Cheyenne.
Omaha, ClxlMgo ••»43a
•«iSOr Oriental Malt— Ogden. Denver.
Omiha, Chic*ip>. M*M»
tT:OOr Vallejo, Port funti and Way Sta-
tions t9»33»
•Sto3r Oregon aad California i;»i'iw«.N»>
lament.*. Manovllir Ue<t.llr>fr.
r..rt!»ti.l. P»g«» H.iim.l ami Ka.it »«il»*.
*»:l3ANerar!s.C?!itrr»iilc,. u aa.lo6C.li'flton,
UouMcrCrc-ek.MantaCnizsDdW'sy
Station* «3i5»»
t«i 1 3r Newark. CenterTllle, Sin Jose, New
A Liiatlen, Felton, rtou!der Creek,
Santa «'rua sod I'iiuclpal To'ay
Station* \futO*
•IsLir Newark, Man Jose, Lcs Gatos. •»»»«*
• latSp Unnters' K.xcnxsicn, Ban Jose ami
Way Stvlona {7itoy
CREEK^ROUTE FERRY. v
•romS.U riUKCJSCO— r«t »( Mtrltit Strett (Slii S)—
•7:15 9:00 U:CO*.M. 21:03 *2:03 ' !31C9
•1:03 |S:C3 *C:o3p.¥.
'roaOllUSD— fo«l»fßro*iw»T.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00*.*.
t12:30 "1:03 t2:C3 «3:C3 t«:C3 *3:03 m.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i Steamers leave Broadway
|^ wharf, San Francisco:
For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
(n^. Mar. 12. 17. 22. 27, Apr. 1.
MjMQßsjav Chanpe to company's steamers
I>k9H iKI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
£¦)> Port Townsend, Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. Mar. 12. 17. 22. V.
Apr. 1, and every, fifth day thereafter; changa
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. F. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 1 p. m.. Mar.
10, 15, 20, 25, 30, Apr. 4. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crus, Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San -Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angreles) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Mar. 12, 16. 20, 24. 23, April 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m..
Mar. 10, 14. 18, 22, 26, 30, Apr. 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Mar. 8, and 7th
of each month thereafter..
For further information obtain company* a
folder.
The company reserves the right to changa
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New .Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Oen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
trtilOA Ocean Viovr, Huuth Man Francisco.. I«j3i»p
*~:O«A Sail Juw nml Way Stations (Now
Alina.len Wedundajionly) 'liSOr
•••••a Han Jiwo. Tres lMnoa. Hauta Cms,
r*«iiic tiime. I'aso Unlilcs. Han
l.nU Oliispo, .Surf, Lompoc aud
Principal Way Stations.; *-lil*r
•I«i4Aa San Jobs mi>l Way Stations •6i39a.
•tllOO* San Jubq ami Way Stations *3i3or
fj: l.lp Hun M »tro, Itedwooil, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose,
Tres Pinos. Hanta Vntx. Salinas,
Monterey nml l'aciflo 0r0T5...... fIOISVA
t:i::t!»p Man .Joso an.l Way Buttons *?:30p
1 1:1. "m- Sail Josoati.l Principal Way Stations •!>: 13.1
t."»:i>»p Hni .losuamirriticipal Way Stations tt>:O«>.*
•s::i»r SanJoteauilPrinalpal Way Station* *t*:33*.
•fl::t«p San Joss aud Way Statious t«:OOA
t11:45r San Joan and W»y station* ""sSOp
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-strset Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE £12 First Class Including Berth
IAnC $3 Second Class and Aleala.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
; March 14. 24. April 3
COLUMBIA sails March 9, W, 29. April 8
Short tine to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
. E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
¦ Dally. t Hnu<Uy etccpted. I Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
a Tuesday* and Fridays « Thursdays and Sundays.
AMERICAN LINE.
HZ ? TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. FARX3.
Stopping at - Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul ...March 14 St. Paul April 4
Kensington ....March 21 St. Louis.. April 11
New York Marcft 28kN'ew York April IS
RED-STAf* LINE.
New YorK arjcJ Antwerp.
From New Ycrk every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ..March 14 Friesland April 4
Kensington ...March 21 Southwark April 11
Noordland ....March 2S Westernland ...April 18
, EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St Mlcbael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
¦ - passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
20 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
CALIFORNIA NORTHVESTEBN RY. CO.
LESSBU
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry, Foot of Market St
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 1?:2S.
J:3O 5:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
BUN DAYS— B:OO. 1:30. 11:00 a, m.: 1:30. 2:30.
8:00, «:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAY&-«:l0. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40. 6:10 ». m. Baturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and <:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:I9, 8:40. 11:19 a. m.; 1:49. S:4O. 6:08.
6:25 p. m
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Park
same schedule as above.
TOYO KISJN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, March 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday, March 31
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April 23
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market st.. corner First.
• W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
7:30 ami 8:C0 am Sebastopol. 110:40 an>llo:2s am
3:30 pmj 1:00 pm | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
fßfJsflMtP The s - s - Marlpcsa
IKEIS|I£ sails via Honolulu and
; w t" r "*" t "* Auckland for Sydney
¦ «^' Wednesday, March 21.
(V^ t*_> at 8 p. m.
««M[n^ninv The s - s - Australia
C^MIIIJIIIU^ ralll for Honolulu
{OfflßdfMb Wednesday. April 4.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
X (i. M-ncCKfcLS « BROS. CO.. Mats.. 114 Montgomef|
Piir 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight 0tt1ce.327 Market St
COMPAONIE CENEHALE TRANBATTAHTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. A^af
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <SJTT£
Saturday, from November 2. 1539, at ¦-'^""^
10 a. m.; ¦ from Pier 42, North River,, foot of
Morton St.: L'AQUITAINE, March 15; LA
CH\MPAGNE, March 22; LA TOURAINE,
March 29: LA GASCOIONE, April 5. First
class to Havre, $60 and upward; 5 per cent re-
duction on round trip. Second class to Havre.
$45- 5 per cent reduction on round trip. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 82 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer VMontlcallo."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; 1:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. snd 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Mala 1508.
FARE 600
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commrnclnir October 1. 1394.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— "7:00. «9:30. 11:00 a, m.: "1:45.
•3:40. i:l5. 6:00. 1:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at »:00 and 11:30 d. m.
•SCNDATS— *B:OO, 'lO:*). 11:30 a. m.; 1-.IS,
t:l5, »4:45, 6:10. S:0O p. m.
Trains marked «•) run to San Quentln. _
FROM SAN RAFAEL TOi SAN FRANCISCO?
WF.EK DATS— S:2S. •t:SS. 7:45. »»:40 a. m.;
•12:80. 2:15. *3:40. »5:13 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS Qn Monday!". Wednesdays anil
Saturdays at <:40 and 10:15 p. ra.
BUNDATS-«:20. *»:(K). n0:CO. ni:4s a. m.t
•1:40, "S^S. 4:45. *«:30 v. in.
Trains marked «•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-i:45. «:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. m.;
12:55. 2:35. 2:45. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays uuX
Baturdsys at 7:CO and 10:20 a. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05.2:15,3:30,
8:00. B:4£ p. m.
THROCOH TRAINS.
T:0O a. in. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
2:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tcmales and way stations.
S:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPriIS SCENIC RfULWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry.
Week Days 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays 8:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Steam-heated, closed* car on all trains.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return,
$1 40. " •_
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. .
11
:ndex. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. Hm. Mm.
862 Esplrando, 6 133 4 ... 6 h
867 Bamboulia. 3 127 3 ... 2 1
882 Lady Helolse. 6 131 7 ... 3 1
897 Jael, 5... 131 2 ...11
883 Momentum, 6 143 8 • ... 8h
(BS6) San Tomaa, 3 120 5 ... 10
696 Cyril, 6 133 6 ... 4 1
800 Almendral, 3 11" 9 - ... 7 1
490 Towser, 3 ....109 10. ... 6H
... Sir Casulmlr. a 132 1 ... 9 10
%m.
4 2
3 1
2 1
11
5»
10
6 1
8 1
. 7 X
9 1
%m.
Str.
Str.
Fin. I Jockey. [Op. Cl.
1 n . I. Powell 7 9
2 n Henry 6 7
i Hi Bozeman 12 15
4 h J. Daly 6 20
5h Ruiz 4 9-2
6 2 Buchanan .... 2 3
7 1 Bullman 3 16-5
810 E. Ross 20 60
9 2 H. Stuart 20 100
10 Plggbtt 10 10
Fin.
Index.
Horse.
Wei*!
't.|
It.
,m.
>m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(814) Intrada US 1
870 On Ttme.. 108 2
544 Socapa 108 3
870 Billy Lyons.. 11l 8
870 Countess Clara 108 6
894 Forbes HI »
SBB Nellgourle 108 5
... Mollle Connors 108 10
888 Angle P 108 7
844 Char«nton ....; 11l ?
... Graca Cud...... 108 11
•12.
4 1
6 J
« %
m
9 6 .
,101
1 2 Henry 1
2 2 Buchanan .... - 7'
5 1 Jenkins S
4 2 Ruiz SO
El E. Ross... 8
6 4 Hennessey .... SO
7 H J. Martin...... 15
8 1 T. Walih I
910 Bozemah U
10 8 Bullman 7.
U I. P0we11...... 10
6-5
10
4
to
6
40
80
15
2')
60
30
Index.
Horse.
We!
Ight.
it.
,m.
£ro.
%m.
Btr.
in.
:eys.
!t
889 Tekla ; 104 2
(889) Essence 107 5
889 Choteau I<M 1
881 Jolly Briton »S 8
761 Rixford 88 4
1»
S
2 8
8 1
4 8
IS
81
2 8
5
4H
14
8 6
2 1
4 1
8- .
1 3
4 8
5
18
81
8 6
48
6
Henry 8-5
Qullman 4-5
E. Ross 6
Fauntleroy ... 10
J. Martin...... 10
8-5
4-5
6
60
60
Horse.
Weight.
it.
m.
tin.
%m.
Str.
In.
:eys.
884 None Such. 5 ......107
865 Don Luis, 6.'......... 105
761- Stuttgart. 4 102
875 Stromo, 4 107
895 Judge Woftoro. 4... 102
857 Ulm.4 102
1
2
I
5
4;
7
12
I?
S 1
61
7
1 1
2 1
8 h
4 1
61
7
1 S
2 1
IF
6 1
5 > .
1 t
| 2*2 *
4 2
6 S
U
2 h
5 H
4 6
B 2
6 6
Bocema.ii
Jenkins
Bull man ......
E. Rom :
Buchanan ....
Henry ..!
Morse .........
8
6
2
3
15
2
:
'- I
8-1
• *
- i
Index. Home.
(855) Tortblo. 6 1W
(883) Scotch Plaid.. 1.. ...109
(881) Boundlee, 8 ......... 87
Age. Wrigl
it.
St.
1 ,
4 ¦;-.
3
ttm.
14
•II .:
lm
,m.
Km.
14
3h .
lh
Hm.
24 , .
4
In*
%m.
Btr. Fin. ;
IS 13
3 1H 2 4
1h 8 4
I Jockey.
T. Walsh
Jenkins
Henry ........ M
7-5 1
1 11-5
¦.:»¦¦¦¦•;?¦ 5
ndex. Horae. Age.
,m.
itr.
In.
;ey».
890 Castake. 6 10»
(579) Montallade. * ...... M
(SS7) Miss Marlon, 4.. ...106
m Lavator, 8 104
(g?4) New M00n,' a....... »7
, 879 Mamie O. « W
890 L&dy Brltannle. «. . 97
874 Weller. 4 ...........102
4
7
5
t . ¦
1 ,
6
S
2f~~
:'--4 Il'I 1 ' •
mm
¦¦ «*
it
IP Ji H
Bh 6 1
«« «4 :
7 7
Pulled up
1 H
I?
as
::'6: :'6 4: .¦
<2
•7
17
3 H
t h
4 2
8 S
•6 1
7
Jenkins
J. Martin
Bullman ......
E. R0d5........
Ranch..........'
Henry .........'
Fauntleroy ...:
L P0we11......
6-1 8-1
5-2 9-2
1 •
>4 ¦ : 4
20 . 20
5 ; $-2
20 40
15 100
:ndex. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. Hm. Mm.
862 Esplrando, 6 133 4 ... 6 h
867 Bamboulia. 3 127 3 ... 2 1
882 Lady Helolse. 6 131 7 ... 3 1
897 Jael, 5... 131 2 ...11
883 Momentum, 6 143 8 • ... 8h
(BS6) San Tomaa, 3 120 5 ... 10
696 Cyril, 6 133 6 ... 4 1
800 Almendral, 3 11" 9 - ... 7 1
490 Towser, 3 ....109 10. ... 6H
... Sir Casulmlr. a 132 1 ... 9 10
%m.
4 2
3 1
2 1
11
5»
10
6 1
8 1
. 7 X
9 1
%m.
Str.
Str.
Fin. I Jockey. [Op. Cl.
1 n . I. Powell 7 9
2 n Henry 6 7
i Hi Bozeman 12 15
4 h J. Daly 6 20
5h Ruiz 4 9-2
6 2 Buchanan .... 2 3
7 1 Bullman 3 16-5
810 E. Ross 20 60
9 2 H. Stuart 20 100
10 Plggbtt 10 10
Fin.
Index.
Horse.
Wei*!
't.|
It.
,m.
>m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(814) Intrada US 1
870 On Ttme.. 108 2
544 Socapa 108 3
870 Billy Lyons.. 11l 8
870 Countess Clara 108 6
894 Forbes HI »
SBB Nellgourle 108 5
... Mollle Connors 108 10
888 Angle P 108 7
844 Char«nton ....; 11l ?
... Graca Cud...... 108 11
•12.
4 1
6 J
« %
m
9 6 .
,101
1 2 Henry 1
2 2 Buchanan .... - 7'
5 1 Jenkins S
4 2 Ruiz SO
El E. Ross... 8
6 4 Hennessey .... SO
7 H J. Martin...... 15
8 1 T. Walih I
910 Bozemah U
10 8 Bullman 7.
U I. P0we11...... 10
6-5
10
4
to
6
40
80
15
2')
60
30
Index.
Horse.
We!
Ight.
it.
,m.
£ro.
%m.
Btr.
in.
:eys.
!t
889 Tekla ; 104 2
(889) Essence 107 5
889 Choteau I<M 1
881 Jolly Briton »S 8
761 Rixford 88 4
1»
S
2 8
8 1
4 8
IS
81
2 8
5
4H
14
8 6
2 1
4 1
8- .
1 3
4 8
5
18
81
8 6
48
6
Henry 8-5
Qullman 4-5
E. Ross 6
Fauntleroy ... 10
J. Martin...... 10
8-5
4-5
6
60
60
Horse.
Weight.
it.
m.
tin.
%m.
Str.
In.
:eys.
884 None Such. 5 ......107
865 Don Luis, 6.'......... 105
761- Stuttgart. 4 102
875 Stromo, 4 107
895 Judge Woftoro. 4... 102
857 Ulm.4 102
1
2
I
5
4;
7
12
I?
S 1
61
7
1 1
2 1
8 h
4 1
61
7
1 S
2 1
IF
6 1
5 > .
1 t
| 2*2 *
4 2
6 S
U
2 h
5 H
4 6
B 2
6 6
Bocema.ii
Jenkins
Bull man ......
E. Rom :
Buchanan ....
Henry ..!
Morse .........
8
6
2
3
15
2
:
'- I
8-1
• *
- i
Index. Home.
(855) Tortblo. 6 1W
(883) Scotch Plaid.. 1.. ...109
(881) Boundlee, 8 ......... 87
Age. Wrigl
it.
St.
1 ,
4 ¦;-.
3
ttm.
14
•II .:
lm
,m.
Km.
14
3h .
lh
Hm.
24 , .
4
In*
%m.
Btr. Fin. ;
IS 13
3 1H 2 4
1h 8 4
I Jockey.
T. Walsh
Jenkins
Henry ........ M
7-5 1
1 11-5
¦.:»¦¦¦¦•;?¦ 5
ndex. Horae. Age.
,m.
itr.
In.
;ey».
890 Castake. 6 10»
(579) Montallade. * ...... M
(SS7) Miss Marlon, 4.. ...106
m Lavator, 8 104
(g?4) New M00n,' a....... »7
, 879 Mamie O. « W
890 L&dy Brltannle. «. . 97
874 Weller. 4 ...........102
4
7
5
t . ¦
1 ,
6
S
2f~~
:'--4 Il'I 1 ' •
mm
¦¦ «*
it
IP Ji H
Bh 6 1
«« «4 :
7 7
Pulled up
1 H
I?
as
::'6: :'6 4: .¦
<2
•7
17
3 H
t h
4 2
8 S
•6 1
7
Jenkins
J. Martin
Bullman ......
E. R0d5........
Ranch..........'
Henry .........'
Fauntleroy ...:
L P0we11......
6-1 8-1
5-2 9-2
1 •
>4 ¦ : 4
20 . 20
5 ; $-2
20 40
15 100Norman Parrish's Estate.
The Inventory and appraisement of, the
estate of the late Norman Parrish,' was
filed yesterday. William Crocker^ Andrew
Wllkle and John Mannlx. the appraisers,
find the estate to be worth $73,705 77. .
COURT NOTES.
¦ Lizzie Harrigan was -yesterday r fined
$100. with the alternative of -100 days In
the County Jail, for stealing $20 from Pat
rt ck'Harmon.*a visitor from the country.
;- »h» h / lns : and ' An Dock - * highbinders ar
rested for i carrying a concealed weapon,
£ c E c < j* ch sentenced yesterday by Judge
Cabanlss to Day a fine . of $12S.- with the
alternative of 125 days ln the County Jail.
Object to Removal of Hydrants.
A committee from the Board of Fire Un
derwriters, consisting of Fire Commis
sioner Watt. Rudolph Herold, I. Gutte
and W. J. Dutton, appeared before the
Supervisors' Fire Committee yesterday to
argue ln favor of the rescinding of an or
dinance, providing* for the removal of 160
hydrants in what is known as the "lodg
ing-house" and other districts. The com
mittee decided to request the Spring Val
ley Water Company to allow the hydrants
to remain, with the understanding that
Thrashed Him for Spite.
. John Gavin, a sailor, was convicted by
Judge Cabanlss yesterday on a charge of
battery , and wan fined J25. . Gavin's : de
fense was that- he had pawned a .watch
worth . $75 for $20, and • he gave the pawn
ticket .to Joe ¦ Lopes, a. colored, saloon
keeper at 408 Pacific street, asking him to
redeem the -watch and he would pay? him
on • his - return .. from Alaska. Lopes re
deemed the i timepiece, but . told Gavin . it
had been stolen from him. - Gavin was so
incensed, that he 'struck Lopes, knocking
out three of his. teeth.
Captain Simmons in a Bad Way.
• Captain Albert Simmons of the bay
schooner Lizzie Theresa, ls in a critical
condition at the Receiving Hospital as the
result of his battle with the waves Wed
nesday night. He owes his life to Olaf
Peterson, the sailor who kept him afloat
for nearly a quarter of a, mile after the
boat had been capsized till they were res
cued. Peterson was able to leave the hos
pital yesterday. ,
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans. on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rat^s. 101 Montgomery.*
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. -One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try it.' All druggists. •
of the year sh« will be absent from the
city.
The reports show that during the year
thirty-one new members were added to
the rolls and that the number of little
wards received at the shelter was greater
than it has ever been. There are now sev
enty-five little ones there, in addition to
a number of day children, who are placed
there during the day while their parents
are -at work and for which service , the
parents pay a small sum. The Income
from the parents of day children was $900
ln ' excess of that received the previous
and that, .with the contributions
from members, supported the shelter. The
expenses during the past year were within
$100 of the amount of expenditures.
Larger accommodations are needed, and
a proposition was discussed to either erect
a suitable building or seek larger quar
ters. The directors have started a library
for. the little ones, and they will be pleaded
to receive donations |of cast-aside books
suitable for children under 14. The shelter
will also accept' cast-off wearing apparel
that can be made over for the children.
During the year the health of the children
has been unusually good. Only two deaths.
those infants, occurred. The shelter had
donated to It a piano by the Young La
dles' Auxiliary and Christmas donations
by a number of merchants.
Lane's testimony, while he was manag
ing the dining department of the Park
Hotel ln Alameda.
' "I met Fair and a female companion in
room 17 of the hotel." said Lane. "They
sent for me to give an order for their
¦upper. I did not know who the .woman
was at the time, and did not learn that
she was known as Mrs. Craven until
many months afterward. The couple
stayed at the hotel for several days. Fair
left before his companion. Jußt before his
departure he said to me in the presence
of Mrs. Craven, or Mrs. Fair, as I sup
pose she is: 'I am going away now and
I want you to Bee that my wife is, well
taken care of.' I suppose he meant ln
the way of feeding her, of course, as I
had nothing to do with any other depart
ment of the hotel."
, Mr. Pierson put Lane through 'a severe
cross-examination, but did not succeed in
shaking his testimony. The whole pro
ceedings apparently bored the witness, for
he yawned between every answer, until
the Judge became infected with. the "tired
feeling" and almost went to sleep. ' v
During the morning session of the court
Mrs. Hobbose was on the witness stand
for further cross-examination, but no ad
ditional Information was elicited concern
ing her interview with Fain In the after
noon Attorney Pierson notified the court
that he had searched through the private
papers of the dead millionaire, but could
find but one letter written to him by Mrs.
Hobbose. He had not succeeded in locat
ing the picture of the Hobbose children
which Mrs. Hobbose had testified she had
sent to him. She identified the letter, but
as it was read only for the purpose of
fixing a date, it was not Introduced as
evidence. ¦ -
The taking of testimony will be contin
ued next Monday.
noon by Dr. Renz, the physician who last
attended Miss "Wilbur.
"I found a chronic inflammation of the
pia mater." Dr. Renz said last night. "It
Is no uncommon disease of the brain, nor
were the physical results uncommon.
There have been similar cases in the his
tory of medical science. What is aston
ishing is that Miss Wilbur's life lasted as
long as it did." . .
» ? «
ALHAMBRA TO REOPEN
WITH A CLEVER FARCE
Sunday afternoon the popular new Al
hambra Theater will reopen with ore of
the newest and brightest farce-comedies
that has been presented to local theater
goers this season. "Have You Seen
Smith?" is the title of the new play, which
will be seen for the first time on the coast
at the Alhambra. coming here direct irura
a very successful tour across the conti
nent. It is a very bright comedy and will
be elaborately rtaged in- the coming pro
duction. The piece is replete with clover
specialties and catchy music, while. a dis
tinctive feature is made of the spectacular
effects. The company Is a strong one and
much more pretentious than Is usually
seen in a farce-comedy. It is headed by
the famous comedian John Tlerney, who is
very favorably known in this city. The
leading lady is May Donohue, who crcatc-d
the original Mis. Murphy in "Chimmle
Fadden."
The advance sale opened yesterday
morning at the Alhambra box-office, and
despite the rain continued brisk.through
out the day. From present indications
there will be crowded houses at both per
formances on Sunday.
Whereas, The Republican
National Committee has is
sued a call for a National Con
vention to be held June 19,
1900, and
Whereas it is the desire of
this, the Republican County
Committee of San Francisco,
that in the organization of the
State Convention for the selec
tion of delegates to the Na
tional Convention the com
plete harmony and best inter
ests of the Republican party
be conserved and fostered,
and furthermore believing
that, to this end, it is neces
sary for the Republican State
Central Committee to take
early action in the matter of
the issuance of its call for a
State convention, it is there
fore by this County Commit
tee
Resolved, That the chair
man of the Republican State
Central Committee be re
quested and is hereby respect
fully urged to call said State
Central Committee together
in meeting on or about the
17th of March of this year,
and that the said State Cen
tral Committee be and is
hereby respectfully requested
to issue at said meeting
or immediately subsequent
thereto its call for the State
convention.
It is further , resolved,
That a copy of these resolu
tions be forwarded at once to
the chairman of the State
Central Committee. v -
A. J. Martin asked the chairman, Alfred
Bouvier, if the records of the Fourth and
Fifth Congressional conventions had been
transmitted by the old County Commit
tee to the existing committee, and J was
Informed that the * documents had not
been secured.
- The secretary read a courteous ! letter
from United States Senator Bard, ac
knowledging receipt of complimentary
resolutions adopted by the committee.
In the regular order of business, A-
Ruefs amendment to the by-laws, pro
viding for increasing the number of the
executive committee from eighteen to
twenty-five and taking the additional five
from commltteemen at large, was called
up. After discussion, the proposed
amendment was rejected.
August Tilden's amendment to increase
the number of members of the advisory
committee from five to ten was also re
jected.
Alex B. Truman moved that the chair
be authorized to appoint the five mem
bers to constitute the advisory commit
tee, as provided for in the existing by
laws, before the next regular meeting.
The motion was carried.
Adrian Smith introduced the following
resolutions:
Whereas, The State primary law doe* not
throw Its valuable safeguards around the com
mon primary elections; now, therefore, be It
Resolved, That .the executive committee of
the Republican County Committee be and here
by Is instructed .to communicate with the
Democratic County Committee of this city and
county to the effect that this county committee
advocates the holding of both Democratic and
Republican primary elections on the same
days, said days to be selected after mutual
conference, and said primary election shall be
under the control and direction of such Demo
cratic and Republican county committees; and
be It further ;
Resolved. That our executive committee be
and hereby Is instructed to communicate with
the Republican committees representing: the
Fourth and Fifth Congressional districts re
questing their co-operation ln effecting such
an arrangement.
In advocating the adoption of the reso
lution Mr. Smith held tnat it was neces
sary that all possible safeguards should
be thrown around the primaries. If pri
mary elections of both parties be held on
the same day Republicans cannot vote for
Democrats and Democrats cannot vote for
Republicans.
' A. Ruef said that he was in favor of
the plan proposed,- but expressed doubt
as to its practical operation. For exam
ple, he remarked. Democrats may not
elect delegates to their National Conven
tion by Congressional districts. ..Again,
he suggested, that the RepuDllcan Con
gressional'district committees might be
Jealous of their rights.
A. J. Martin advised the committee that
care should be taken in sending delegates
to the National Convention. He remark
ed: "We sent two delegates to St. Louis
four years ago because we failed to start
out right."
After further discussion the resolutions
were adopted. If was understood that the
executive committee would take no action
toward conference with the Democrats
until the Republican State Central Com
mittee fixed a time for holding the Repub
lican State Convention.
Mr.lTilden; Introduced a resolution ex
pressing the. sense of. the county.commit
tee that no. member thereof should hold
membership "in any organization or asso
ciation of persons hostile to said commit
tee.
Discussion prolonged and animated en
sued. Messrs. Ruef and Buckley admitted
that they were members of the old coun
ty committee, but declared that they had
not attended a meeting since the new
committee was created.
• Mr. Cox asserted that members of the
old county committee. deserved credit for
voting . for Horace Davis. He remarked
that some of the members of the present
committee who voted for Jim Phelan
wished now that they had voted for Hor
ace Davis. The remark called out a round
of applause. 1
Adrian Smith eaid the talk to the effect
that the old committee claimed the right
to act as the regularly constituted county
committee was all nonsense. So far as he
knew, the old members were going to
stand iln for Republican success.
The suggestion was made by several
speakers that the adoption of the resolu
tions would /produce discord rather than
harmony in . the party, : hence the i subject
matter -.was ; laid on the table and the
meeting adjourned. .'illljgfe^Ss
CARED FOR THE LITTLE ONES.
What the Directors of the Infant
Shelter Are Doing.
HER REMAINS WERE
REDUCED TO ASHES
Before Incineration a Post Mortem
Examination of Miss Wilbur's
Brain Was Made.
Simple and impressive were the funeral
services held over the remains of Mlas
Elida Wilbur yesterday afternoon at the
family residence, 2228 California street.
The home where she had passed her
happy girlhood and where for two long
years she had lain in that profound sleep
was decked with roses and lilies and vio
lets ac for a bridal. There was nothing to
suggest that the dread reaper had made
his appearance.
The snow-white casket that held the
mortal remains of the unfortunate girl
was completely hidden from view with a
pall of violets and pink and white roses.
The family was not present at the ser
vices, and so the usual depressing back
ground of somber-clad figures was wcr.t
lng. Rev. Dr. George C. Adams of the
First Congregational Church read tho
funeral service, and there was Blnginjr by
a quartet, which added to the impresplve
ness of the ceremony.
At 3:30 o'clock a train bearing the re
mains, the relatives of the deceased, Mr.
Dunphy, Miss Dunphy and a few imme
diate friends repaired to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, where the body was inciner
ated. Six old friends of the family lifted
the casket to the hearse; they were F. B.
Madison, F. H. Beaver, \V. R. Sherwood,
E. L. Jacobs, J. O. Blanchard and S. C.
Buckbee.
An autopsy was held Wednesday after-
SAYS FRAGLEY GOT
HIM TO PAY BILLS
Ex-Superintendent of Streets Defend-;
ant'in a Suit Filed by B. F.
: Tracy.
Ex-Superintendent of Streets Martin J.
Pragley has-been sued by B. F. Tracy
to recover $1818 50, money loaned and un
paid. . In his complaint Tracy alleges
that at divers times within the two years
last • past plaintiff paid to divers persons
divers sums of money, for the .use and
benefit of defendant at defendant's special
Instance and request, amounting to
$1818 50. Just whom the persons . were to
whom the money was paid the complaint
fails to state. Neither does it intimate for
what purposes the money was paid.
Attorney Curran, who is associated with
Stephen O'Keeffe, plaintiff's attorney,
says that Tracy advanced the money to
pay various bills during the recent cam
paign, in which Fragley was a candidate,
and now demands a return. Fragley, he
says, probably claims that as he "took
care" of Tracy after his election the obli
gation was liquidated, but Tracy denies
that any agreement to the effect existed.
PLAGUE FARCE
PLAYS HAVOC
WITH BUSINESS
Many Suffer From Quaran
tine Which Is Maintained
in Chinatown.
Federal Government and Commercial
Houses Lose Thousands of Dol
lars on Account of Board
of Health Embargo.
Enoiigli farcical Incidents mark the bu
bor.ic plague scare generated by our su
premely wise Health Board to furnish
material for a series of microblc comedies.
But the laughable and ridiculous phase
of it has given way to the serious.
Had th«» sporadic effort of ,the Health
Department been conceived for the mer«
purpose of furnishing amusement and ex
citement or to "hold up" the Supervisors
the public might have passed it by with a
condemnatory shrug of the shoulders, but
the dire effect upon business is another
matter. To continue the fare© the quar
antine woe so far relaxed yesterday as to
allow the streetcars to pass through that
portion pronounced infected. Passengers
wer© not permitted to get on or off, how.
ever, between Kearay and Stockton
streets, nor were they permitted to rlda
on tbe dummy between thfse streets.
Rarely does a Chinese show any ebulli
tion of temper, but there are now enough
angry Celestials in Chinatown to fill an
asylum. Hundreds of servants were
caught ln the meshes of the Quarantine,
and they all want to go home. The few
polloe officers m-ho stand guard are not
übiquitous and escapes and rescues are
Jreqoesc Many a family accustomed to
Its Chinese cook to manipulate the pots
and pans at home yesterday was without
the imported article.
Quarantine No Joke,
Ttila ocaractine Is no Jok» to the Chl
atrne merchants, whose business Ik put in
Jeopardy. In order to remove the embargo
Louis Quong will to-day apply to the
United States District Court for a writ of
Injunction restraining the Board of Health
from continuing the embargo in China
town. Consul Ho Vow has caused bulle
tins to be posted in Chinatown reiterating
his announcement of the previous day.
He will also apply to the authorities to
have the quarantine raised.
What effect the embargo has had on
business cannot be determined in an off
hand manner. Few people know of the
great congestion of trade that has fol
lowed the quarantine of the Chinese quar
ter. The action of the Board of Health,
which ordered the quarantine, has in
fringed upon many business concerns and
lost to them many thousands of dollars.
one of the chief sufferers from roped-in
Chinatown is the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company. More than fifty Chinese were
booked to sail on the America Maru which
left this port Wednesday. On Tuesday
r-ight they were in Chinatown bidding
Eoodby to their friends and paying their
last respects to their gods. The Maru
sailed without them and the Pacific Mail
¦mm* up its traffic loes at no less than
12000. liad the company known that the
llfty odd Chinese were not to eail the
epaee allotted to them would have been
tised for Ireight. which is piling up on the
lianUs of all oriental shippers just at pres
ent.
Revenues Fall Off.
The Federal Government is a great suf
ferer. By the Quarantine of Chinatown
wtween one-fourth and one-third of the
revenues collected at this port have been
cut off and the business at the Custom
house practically stagnated. Three Fed
eral Interpreters who assist In the conduct
or t,hines,e business are locked up within
the sacred jirecincts and business which
needs immediate transaction must be post
poned until the embargo is raised.
At present there are two ships in the
harbor the Warren and the Carlisle City,
laden with goods invoiced to Chinese mer
chants. L'nless the embargo is raised very
soon these goods must be bonded ln ware
houses, entailing additional expense upon
consignor and consignee. Besides this
there are consignments in the Customh
ouse that are ready for delivery- What
the _ c revenue derived from the Chinese
traffic tw-ars to the gross receipts may be
seen from the following report:
Duties in October, 1899. $503.644 66, of
which 1175.8^6 til was paid by Chin*»««.- jfo
yember gross duties. J505.550 23. Chinese
* « NJ^7 ; I>««"mbe r Kross duties, $431.
662 22. Chinese $115,478 87; January gross
duties, 1763.35S 84. Chinese $137,450 85: Feb
r, v , ai 7, sroas duties. $509,474 CO. Chinese
+J- p r? > \ late hour yesterday afternoon
the Board of Health had not answered
Collector Jackson's letter, ln which he
asked whether or not the district had
been declared infected. Until he receives
an answer he will refuse all outgoing
Fhips a clean bill. When these ships
reach their destination they will perforce
be obliped to go into quarantine and un
told needless inconvenience will result
In a Sea of Doubt.
The physicians of the Health Board are
wallowing in a sea of doubt, talking mi
crobes, bacilli, cultures and practicing on
guinea p!rs and rabbits which have been
inoculated with the poison from the
f lands of the dead Chinese found Tues
ay night ln the basement of 1001 Dupont
street. According to Dr. Kellogg, the bac
teriologist of the board, the result will not
be known, until the end of the week. In
the meantime the community may anx
iously juvait the result and study plague
eymptoms simultaneously with the
learned physicians of the Health Board
One condition which tends to generate
disease ln Chinatown more than any
other, perhaps, has been overlooked by
the Board of Health on its dally rounds
through the district. Kver since the In-
Euguratlon of. the blockade the garbage
has not been removed and barrels heaped
with the offensive stuff stand as a menace
to health on every corner. Merchants are
complaining and they fear for a siege of
eerioue Bickness if something Is not done
to better the sanitary conditions.
PRECAUTIONS AT BERKELEY.
Dr. Bowell, Scared by Plague Possi
bilities, Prepares a Quarantine.
BERKELEY, March S.-Health Officer
H. N. Rowell Is taking precautionary
rr.rasures Against the bubonic plapiie.
which may rxist in San Francisco. There
are no buhor.lc plague subjects in Berke
ley, but everything will be done to pre
veat any one who has had the slightest
contact with the dreaded disease from
romlr.jr Into the city. The only mpasure
toward OtttnottlM tak*n thus far la the
prohibition of Chinese vegetable pedclt-rt.
Many of the Chinese peddlers come firm
the .heart of Chinatown l n San Francisco
WlJ £.v t . h<i !. r }' e^ ta b'^s. and these will be
prohibited from going among the stu
flerts.
Jf. the scare develops into anything s<s
rlous It is Dr. Rowt-Tl's intention to a«l;
rhe aid of the Town Trustees to enforce
ihe cuarantlnp.
,7 l L*, Cnl » esc vrho wer * Prevented from
illgntins from the early morning trains
R-ere very much apitated. and demanded
:hat they be allowtd to pursue their busi
ness. Dr. Rowell refused to give them
permission.
DR. GASSOWAY REPORTS.
Quantity of Anti-Pest Serum in the
Hands of Federal Health
Officers.
WASHINGTON. March B.— Surgeon Gcs
toway. In charge at San Francleco, has
reported to Surgeon General Wyman or
the marine hospital service that gland»
from the suspected 'case of plag-u* there
rere submitted to the local health author
ties and an examination is being made.
He described th«> <juarantin«» regulations
n force there and says the situation thus
tar fs apparently well Sn hand. The an
;ec«3<?nts of the cuppected rase have not
I* yet been ascertained. The surgeon
reneral states that a quantity of anti-pest
leixm. which h© recently imported from
:he Pasteur Institute in Paris, is already
OCCUPIED SAME
APARTMENT IN
ALAMEDA HOTEL
D. R. Lane Gives Strong
Testimony for Mrs. Net
tie Craven-Fair.
Asserts That Fair Be.ferred to Her as
His Wife While They Were ;
Living in the Hostelry
Across the Bay.
Mrs. Craven-Fair has trotted out an
other witness whose testimony, if it is not
Impeached, will strengthen her claim of
being the widow of the late Senator Fair.
D. R. Lane, an aged gentleman who
conducts a resort at Leona Heights, in
Alameda County, testified yesterday that
in the fall of 1593 the Senator told him
to "take gdod care of my wife," referring
to the petitioner in the present litigation
before Judge Troutt. '. ¦
The Incident happened, according to
In the hands of the Marine Hospital of
ficers at San Francisco. He has sent an
additional quantity for use In this emer
gency. -..>.•
STATE LEADERS
ARE ADVISED TO
ACT PROMPTLY
Demand for Meeting of the
Republican State Com
mittee.
Important Session of the County
Committee— Measures Suggested
. ; to Obtain Clean Primaries
for Both Parties.
Desire of Republicans for an early
meeting of the State Central Committee
of the party was expressed last evening
in the following resolutions, Introduced
by M. V. Taylor at a regular session of
the Republican County Committee at
Shiels Hall, and unanimously adopted:
Kale's.
Bale's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1900.
the city will pay for them on and after
July 1, 1900.
A Thieving Youngster.
Henry Walaln, i a boy -10 years of age,
was booked . at ¦ the City . Prison | yesterday
for a public institution. -He is a bad boy,
and a ¦ few - days, ago stole 1 $27,, from | Mrs.
Jones, 515 Octavia street, where he rand
his sister lived, and had spent $8 of the
money when , arrested. Once ¦ before he
was caught . while stealing his ¦ teacher's
purse. His father i deserted the .family
eight years ago and since then the mother
has I been working to support herself and
two children. -^SCflB
! Ladies' vesting: top shoes worth $3 50 for
Jl5O a pair at the sale of shoes. 717 Mar-
ket street. • '
"Keith's" , opening; all invited; extra
fine. Our hats "beat the best." 808 Mar-
ket street. ¦¦¦. . .. • •
The Lick Bath's Trust.
Henry E., Mathews. James K. Wilson
and Jacob' Stern,'. trustees under. the will
of- James ¦'• Lick, "relating ' : to the Lick
Baths; have filed their second account and
have- petitioned; the; court : to ; appoint a
trustee to fill the, vacancy caused by. the
death of : the late: John O. Earle. .The
account covers, the period from "October
15. 1895. to February 15, 1900.
The total Income during the period
named was J39.793 74, and • the disburse
ments $39,166 15,' leaving a balance on hand
of $627 59. . . - ;
Will Decline to Serve.
Superintendent of Schools Webster is of
the opinion that L. Taafe and C. H.
Walkrr, whom he recently appointed dep
uty Superintendents, will decline to give
up their present positions for places that,
in their opinion, do not pay a salary com
mensurate with the onerous duties ex
acted. Mr. Walker has already signified
his Intention of declining the appointment,
and if Mr. Taafe'fi application for. one
year's leave of absence Is denied by the
Board of Education he will, in all prob
ability, refuse the offered place.
Come Just to Look
Prettiest
Chlnawart
Crocker*
ClaMware
Lamp*
Ornaments
NOTdHc*
Clock*
tOWEST PRICES.
Come Just to Look:
Great' American Importing Tea Go.
Store* ETcrywherc
too Stores.
Scenes in. Chinatown During Farce Quarantine.
RASCALS ARE
THE CHILDREN
OF POLITICS
Father Yorke on Man as a
Social Animal and His
Relations.
Social, Business and Political Condi
> tions of tne Present Day Are
Analyzed by the Eminent
Priest.
•
"Ye cannotserve God and mammon." Rev.
Father Peter C. Yorke further Impressed
this truth on the minds of a vast congre
gation at St. Mary's Cathedral last even
ing and pointed out to his listeners why
the Lord had spoken and said that It was
"easier for a camel to go through the eye
of a needle than for a rich man to enter
the kingdom of heaven." Father Yorke
confined his address to "Man as a Social
Animal." In part he said:
"There are three relations In the life of
man— society, business and political. In
Holy Scripture we \ find that the word
•world' is applied to man in his three rela
tions, and we must also accept the truth
that between God and the world there
now exists truceless. irreconcilable war.
Let us Bee what it ia in the world that
causes tne Lord to stand against us. Man
in the first place is a social creature. He
must dwell in a community of people.
Loneliness will eat away the heart, and
the closer men are bound together the
moie their wits are polished; the more
urbane they become. From these commu
nities of men reason makes plain to us the
three relations that make up his life, and
we find that each are for bodily good
alone. No government or condition among
men has as its object the control of the
mind, the soul and the spirit of man. It
is the idea of our Government that man
should give up as little of his personal
liberty as possible; to steer the ship of
state as close to the breakers of anarchy
as is commensurate with safety. We give
our courts, our officers and politicians as
little power as possible, and a fundamental
principle of our constitution gives to all
the right to be free, to follow their, own
ideals and objects of happiness so long as
a like pursuit of others is not interfered
with. All of this is for the bodily welfare
of man. which is the object of ail society,
of all government.'
¦ "In my opinion nothing is more charm
ing than a politician clothed in his white
robes of candidacy. How he greets his
friends and the passing stranger and tells
them of the good that he can do, but when
the votes, have been, counted and he is
given his certificate of election he counts
those he greeted with glad smile before
among the trying annoyances of office
When he is ready to leave for private life
again his immaculate. gown 01 candidacy
is spotted and torn like those which have
been spread in the market place since we
were old enough to. vote.- It is great to
enter on a plan of political purification
but as a rule the man who is blinded with
the prospect of a political Job will drive a
coach and four through the ten com
mandments,-but'all must answer unto'
God. Our political liberty consists in the
right to throw one crowd of rascals out
of office and put another crowd of rascals
in, or if, rascals are not put in it is safe
to say that they will go out rascals. 'But
I say to you again. Tfe cannot serve God
and mammon. "
Wrilifs Inflian VeptaWe Pills
ARK ACKNOWLEDGED BY THOUSANDS
:of person* who hay« used them (or forty
rtars to ear* SICK HEADACHJ, QIDDINES4,
CONSTIPATION. Torpid L!v*r. Weak QtooMcA.
FlaplM sad purify Urn MOO 4.
¦ this will be housecleaning day in the I
I store, lines of goods that have lingered ¦
¦- through the week will be rushed out at ¦
I onceJ we say they will be. the -prices B
I a ribbon special. J
¦ "the" table full of no. 60 fine all silk, |
I brilliant taffeta ribbons in the follow- »
I ing select shades: white, pink 1, pink M
¦ 2, light blue, lilac, brown 1, brown 2, M
¦ royal silver, gray, cardinal, turquoise,.
B leghorn bluette, purple, and w^jf 3
fl cerise, at.. per yard *y^ a
I napkins I
I $i.iQ a doz. I
fl just 85 doz. bleached napkins, 21x21
I inches, all linen, fast selvage, regular B
fl $1.50 value. jjj
fl 60 pieces glass crash, 14 ifICC n
H inches wide, a fine qual- 83
¦ ity, per yard only 5- trimmed |3
fl * "*• aprons. "m
¦ pillow case muslin, 48 JH
I inches wide, best grade, ladles' whit; lawn aprons, gj|
H 1250 yards of it j a full size and width, 2- S
H at only — pep yard »^ Inch lace trimming JS
B around the bottom, wide jgd
B comforters, 120 of them, band and strings. I \
¦ double-bed s : ze. figured . ¦«,«, , #> ~ , IPi
fl silkolinc covered, white J. J. O'Brien & Co. pri:e J ||
¦ cotton filled, a $1.25 ~..20c 1 jg
fl 2Sly!^^S^^C now 12C I|
H 1 935, 937, 939. 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street, jf H
¦k Jm Rl
LAST NIGHTS
Of Auction Sale of
GUMP
Collection of European •
..¦-.¦
PAINTINGS
FRIDAY and SATDRDAY,
March 9 and 10.
NATIVE SONS' fIALL, 414 Mason
1^ 12 1Q— MATZOS
Thm San Francisco Matzo Co.. factory and
main offlc* at 11J0 Howard st.. telephone Souttv
«7. Sample* already. Matzo*. 6c per pound:
iratio roeol. »c per pound: nv«xos baked wltH
•en Uc per pound: macrones. 40c per pound.
Orders also taken at 1340 Folsom St.. telephone
Folscm 331.
lA/. T. HESS.
ROTARY PUJLIC AND ATTOa.VIT-Ar-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California st.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURB OF GOXORKKOEA,
Gleet*. Strictures and analogous coco*
plaint* of th* Organ* of Generation. -
J>ric»tl * bottle. For »«J« by drugglat*.
12
At tne annual meeting or the members
of the Little Sisters 1 Infant Shelter, held
yesterday, at 512 Minna street, the follow
ing were chosen as the board of directors
for the current year: Mrs. -C. E. Cooper,
Mrs. T. G. Taylor, Mrs. G. F. Richardson,
Mrs. E. S. Fennlmore, Mrs. Rebekah Jen
nings, Mrs E. B. Cotter, Mrs. W. M. Pier
son. Mrs. A. W. Jackson, Mrs. B. M. Gunn
and Miss Mary Taylor.
Mrs. C. E. Cooper was re-elected presi
dent, Mrs. E. S. Fennimore was chosen
vice president, Mrs. G. F. Richardson was
re-elected recording: secretary, Mrs,
Charles H. Wilson was elected corre
sponding secretary and Miss Mary Taylt.i
was chosen treasurer in place of Mrs. I*
J. Holton. who declined a renominat'on
for the reason that for the greater part