THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
PRICE, FIVE . CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII-NO, 00*
SAN iFRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH 6, 1900.
LONDON, March 6. — Mafe
king is to be relieved. It
is interesting to note that
a movement is in progress from
Kimberley. A strong force, in
cluding the Canadian Mounted
Infantry, a portion of the artil
lery and the Kimberley Light
Horse, which has commenced to
march northward and expects to
find opposition at Fourteen
Streams, where the railway
bridge has been wrecked across
the Vaal River, and push onward
up the line, can have one object
only. There are doubtless scat
tered commandos of Boers who
used to be at Spytfontein and
around the diamond city in this
direction, but the ultimate reason
for the expedition is without
doubt the relief of Mafeking by
active co-operation with Colonel
Plumer.
It is not to be expected that
any stirring news will be re
ceived from" Lord Roberts' army
for a few days to come. So far
as can be judged, the situation in
the neighborhood of Modder
River is unchanged, the British
camp being still at Osfontein, a
few miles southeast of Paarde
berg, and the Boers occupying, a
position extending about eight
een miles. It may be assumed, as
the Boer left rests on some kopjes
not far from Osfontein and their
right on the river, and this army, :
roughly estimated at from 4000
DORDRECHT, March 5 (Evening).— General Brabant
has scored a complete victory. The Boers are in
full retreat with their guns, and are being pursued.
to 5000, extends in some sort of
thin formation as far as Abrahams
Kraal, about seventeen miles
east of • Koodoosfand, they.can
hardly have any serious intention
of disputing Roberts' advance,
for their numbers are not suffi
cient for such a purpose, but they
obviously hope to delay matters
and give time for Joubert to col
lect his forces from Northern Na
tal and elsewhere to make a stand
either at Brandfonfor Winburg,
north of Bloemfontein:V -1;
French was skirmishing on
Saturday last with a party of
Boers trekking in a northwesterly
direction, a fact which seems to
prove that. Delarey and De Wett
are not going to intrench.them
selves at Osfontein or even Ab
rahams Kraal; beyond what im
mediate occasion requires.
In the : north 'of Cape Colony
all - three generals have been
showing many signs of activity.
•Gatacre reports that the number
of Boers lias palpably dwindled.
Stormberg is a strong, position,
which they seem most loth to
abandon, • but in the east
and west the British ; are
driving,' the Boers -before
them with steady persist
ency. Brabant has secured La
buschagnes Nek after a stiff fight,
while Clements on the west has
occupied Achtetang,; apparently
without molestation 1 from the re
treating Boers. It would' seem
- . - - •¦ . -
tnat- the- wagon- Dnage nortn 01
Golesberg is in the hands of the
British troops.
There is no fresh news in
Northern Natal, save that no
Boers seem to be found witninja
radius of thirty, miles of Lady
smith".'The opinion is expressed
regarding Abrahams Kraal as a
possible point for Boer resistance
against.- Roberts' afmy, as that
place*, if not ideal, has no draw
backs.' It enables the flanks to
.be covered by a comparatively
•small force,' but can be readily
turned by either cavalry or infan
try, and the plain country behind
it, as well as its communications,
can be swept, but if well provi
sioned, it may prove a veritable
fortress and may not be quite so
rapidly either assailed or invested
as. those imagine who forget that
besides ' eight or ten thousand
men in position the Boers can
probably -support it a num
ber of field forces, aggregating
six or seven thousand . mounted
burghers. These could not be
brought into action against their
will, except by cavalry, and it is
doubted whether French has cav
alry enough, even including all
that is to be yet brought over the
Orange River, to force to a fight
the five or six mobile commandos
operating in combination with a
fixed position so long as; these
bodies have a supply basis on the
railway for their limited needs of
food. •
In other words, Roberts will
probably have {to strike at the
railway :¦ far behind Abrahams
Kraal, and if he does, he will have
to take exceeding care of his own
communications with the Kim
berley railway and even those of
the diamond city, as far as
Orange : River., The problem,
presupposing the . conditions
mentioned, is not an easy /one;
but it does not look by any
means impossible.
ROBERTS' ARMY HAS
ADVANTAGEOUS POSITION
LONDON. r March «.— A dispatch to; the
Dally, . Telegraph from Osfontein, ',-. dated
Sunday,', says : . VThe ; Boers' front covers
eighteen miles ,to - the ' south of Modder
River.";.-- :;.;.:, ,r\ •-: : : : ¦.;.;., ¦ ¦¦•
*A dispatch to the Standard from Osfon
tein, dated , Bund.ay, v March " 4, says: i. \.- ;
; ,',' Lord: Roberts', army r. now occupies a
most advantageous "poeitlon.— The Sixth
Division, \ under General Kelly-Kenny, *is
posted on the '• right and . holds all the
Cootlnusd oa Second Pax*.
BATES' FORCE
SCATTER S THE
INSURGENTS
Sucoess of the Expedition to
the Southern Part of
Luzon.
SEVERAL TOWNS CAPTURED
At Libmanan the 'Filipinos Are
Charged With .the- Bayonet and
Leave SixtyrFour Dead
on the 'Field. •
.; >i_ ( ;-. — ;, » -'- ; :
MANILA, March" s.— General Bates
expedition ".'.t©^ Southern- Luzon
consisting kpJ^the Fortieth and
I Forty-fifth regiments, a total oi
2300 men, has occupied Nueva Ca
."; ceres,' province of South Cama
rlnes; Daet, province of, North Camarlnes,
and the neighboring smaller towns. The
enemy resisted at j one point 'and two
Americans were killed,,includlng'LJeuten
ant John B. Gallagher/ of the; Fortieth
Regiment. . <
On February 20 the expedition arrived
at San, Miguel Bay, landed, and in three
columns pushed inlana,' converging 'ipon
Nueva Caceres and attempting to control
the enemy's routes to retreat.
At 1 Libmanan, north, of Nueva Caceres,
the enemy was concealed ih a rice field
and resisted a battalion of the jFortleih
Regiment, which engaged' them at close
quarters. with bayonets.-After,forty,min
utes'fighting the enemy fled and Libmanaxi
was occupied. The Americana i burled six
ty-four of the enemy, whose total less In
killed and wounded Is estimated at 140. ,
From Libmanan the expedition proceed
ed to Nueva Caceres, the , gunboat Para
gua arriving ten minutes ahead of tin;
troops. The town was found practicaPy
deserted. The Americans,, daily scouting
in the vicinity, report that the enemy has
retreated into the mountains.'.
, .The Insurgents around Legaspl and Al
baya, province -of South'. Camarlnes; are
harasstng the Americans nightly. Tor
elgners doing business at Legaspl are liv
ing on ships In the harbor or In. the Amer
lean barracks. _ ___
OTIS DESCRIBES THE
OPERATIONS OF BATES
WASHINGTON, March. s.— General Otis
has cabled the following account of recent
military operations in Luzon:
MANILA. March s.— Bates' with , two bat
talions 'of " the j Fortieth ' and j Forty-fifth' rcjfl
.ments and 'detachments of : artillery v'.'englneeri
and," signal: corps.'* totalln*. I "^* v men; > landed
troops * on* the I southeast, .ricrili west arid ' *vuth
ern - coasts of - Ban X Miguel • Bay, . : Camartiiet
Province. -to move ¦• oo r Nueva Caceres in .' thre«
columns. The only.- strong, opposition 'was' ert
countered by Godwin -and a battalion of hit
re'glment at Llbmanan, northwest, of Nueva
Caceres. ' Godwin's loss .was Adjutant Gal
lagher, died .of .wounds, three enlisted, men
severely and five slightly wounded. .The enemy
left sixty-four dead on - the field . and many
wounded, who were cared for, by our medical
officers. Godwin" captured a number of armed
insurgents, eighteen ' Spanish prisoners, thirty
rifles and considerable , ammunition and j prop
erty.. Particulars of minor engagements of
the other column. not reported: , .
Nueva Caceres was found practically deserted,
the inhabitants having fled to the mountains.
The troops are covering important points In
the province of Camarlnes, Aibay , and Aor
scgon. The navy rendered most valuable aid
In -landing troops and supplies. ¦*. OTIS.
FILIPINO TREACHERY
AVENGED BY SOLDIERS
MANILA, March . 6.— Lfeutenant Edgar
F. Koheler of the Ninth Infantry was shot
in the abdomen and killed at a village six
miles north of Tarlac, whither he went in
search of some hidden rifles. A Filipino,
promising to produce the rifles, led him
into an am,bush away, from his command.
The soldiers in revenge burned the village
and killed twenty-four of the enemy. -
The transport Sheridan will sail to-day
with 120 soldiers and convicts and 20 in
sane soldiers. *
BULLER LOST A
FIFTH OF HIS FORCE
LONDON. March 6.— Winston Churchill,
describing the relief of Ladysmith .in a
dispatch published by the Morning Post,
says: > .
"It has been effected at a cost of up
ward of 5000 officers and men in an army
only 25,000 strong." He goes on to pay
a high tribute to Sir Redversßuller, em
phasizing the confidence his men had in
him. "Without which the enterprise
could hardly have i succeeded." \ »»
Of General, Bnller's attack on February
27, Mr. Churchill says: "Considered in it
self it was. a masterpiece, soundly con
ceived, boldly launched and skillfully exe
cuted." ' ¦ -. ' 'i .
He adds that "much also was due to the
greatly improved intelligence ' depart
ment.", , .""'•{ ¦ ' " v ¦
Mr. Churchill points out that the Boers
now hold Van : Reenans j Pass, but a - ma
jority of the Free Staters g have \ accom
panied the 1 Transyaalers northward.
'* General Buller's. revised list of casual
ties from February 14 to February 27. gives
93 men killed, 684 wounded and 26 missing.
' '•¦ '..¦''''. ' . • • •-.'.' ; ' .'. ' ¦.'¦<
READY FOR PEACE ON
BASIS OF INDEPENDENCE
BR*USSELS, j Maroh R.— The | Transvaal
agency -here ; confirms ; 'the r statement, that
President '; Kruger , 1b ". ready.: to * conclude
peace with Great j Britain on the basis of
the t Independence ?. of ' the ? two republics
and that otherwise:the struggle .will con
tinue to $ the I bitter end. • The agency s be
lieves that thie Afrikander element in, Cape
Colony and Natal ', will : rebel , rather ; than
allow . annexation. ' ¦¦¦¦ •, - v : , ¦
IT WAS A MARVELOUS TASK
LONDON, March; 6.— The ..,. Times pub
lishes • the • following ; dispatch ; from Lady
smith, dated; March 2:; • ,-_-¦.¦ ; , ¦
, "Until ',1 ' had ' crossed the Tugela > I did
not realize i the : nature of the ground and
the ? system of i,the Boer , rifle s intrench
ments. How.' these final positions i were"
ever forced , by 15,000 ' men . seems marvel
ous. It convinces me that the British .in
fantry - Is ' uncQualed and . that :¦. the ; relief
column ' accomplished ~ an . almost ' super
human, t^^-"\2llllL_ii__lLi -- '" '~-* '
STROMBERG WAS EVACUATED.
f STBRKBTROOM, : March B.— Btormberg
was found evacuated whan the British en
tered last nlftitw' * * .."-_; "
THE ordinance which was designed
by Supervisor Tobln to reopen Insrle
slde and re-establtsh racecourse
"gambling in this city was "not pre
.', sented to the Board of , Supervisors
¦ ". ''yesterday r afternoon. The 'Police
Committee' of , the board, : of .'which: Super
' visor Tobln_ is_ chairman.' did not dare pre
sent' .the,* proposed ;brdlnance j in* the - face
of ; the 'protest " whiirh^jhad - been made
against it. ' The outrage of submitting the
peopleof this city again to the operations
of the (track gamblers was not, therefore,
perpetrated,' but' the. effort to- commit It
showed to hundreds of people how clever
and .persistent are' the gamblers 'in their
crusade. '¦¦¦¦• •
-When Supervisor Tobin first introduced
his ordinance It was. believed that he was
sincere; " though mistaken* in* his * purpose.
The proceedings in and about the Board
of Supervisors yesterday- showed -to-^-a
demonstration, however, that Supervisor
Tobln knew thoroughly the character lof
his proposed l ordinance,' and -was acting
solely In behalf of the gamblers. . When
he found that • his associates - would ; not
submit- to his outrage upon the communi
ity, and that the board of which he'is.a
member, would not-- tolerate \ his j scheme
to legalize the depredations of.the.'gam
blers.'Tie asked Mayor Phelan'to announce
that the Police Committee 'was not ready
to report upon the licensed thievery, which
It had already indorsed. .':,. i
There ¦ has seldom r been ; in - a ; - public
body so thorough and complete a humilia
tion as Supervisor Tobin , 'suffered yester
day afternoon. ¦ He. is | supposed to be a
man of decent reputation," and to that Bup
posltion .he , owes his position in ' public
life. He is a, 'representative of an. Insti
tution | that | owes . almost its ' existence and
certainly its success to the patronage of
the middle classes of the city. "Yet he at
tempted, in defiance of the, wishes of those
who make" him. possible, to set upon them;
a human vulture which. will devour. them.
As far as , the scheme of the gamblers
was concerned; the session of the ' Super
visorß yesterday was one of the most re
markable In 1 the ' history of the city.' The
proposition .* to- reopen r lngleside was « the
only matter of -moment; before thebqard.'
Long before, the. members ;- arrived r the.
Chamber was crowded -by citizens. -It was
known>that the Police Committee had de
cided' to; recommend the adoption -of • the
§roposed ordinance, which had been lntro
uced by Supervisor Tobln. •- Charles Wes- :
ley Reed had sacrificed his right to a vote.'
believing probably that a banker is a good
friend' to possess In time of need. -Tobin
had received lor. his. ordinance the Indorse
ment of this associates on the committee. 1
The Ingleside - gamblers ¦ apparently had
won the day. < ¦¦«¦#; -.- ¦¦:¦ - .: . ¦• ! ?
Yet the people of the city were not dis
couraged. They were present through their
representative's to protest against the out
rage which had been planned. They ,wer^
determined ;,that they \ should"* be heaid,
and they filed into the supervisorial cham
ber to await the hearing which was due
In the congregation of protestants there
were several ministers of 'the Gospel.
Among them were the following: ' _ ' ;
Rev F. S. Ford, representing the Chris
tian ministers; Rev. E. A. Woods of the
Baptist ministers. Rev. John A., 8. Wilson
of the Methodist Episcopal ministers,; Rev.
Herbert iN. ¦ Bevier, Rev.^ Dr. g°Dbins.
Elder John Dunne,- Rev. H. H., Bellar.d
Rev. W.E. Dugan, representing the Pres
byterian • ministers; Rev. Philip , Coombe
and Rev.'Dr. Cherington, representing the
Congregational ministers, and Rev. E. Ne
lander of the English Lutheran. church.
The board was i late in assembling. A
score of gamblers loitered at - the en
trance • door -to ¦ the chamber. v M., A.
Dorn,- he. of - the Pacific Bark and Egypt,
and F. H. Green" of • creamery : ill-fame,
did not choose to • enter , the : assembly
room, i They! knew that the Board of Su
pervisors would not stoop to do their bid
ding and that the plot which rToblii had
engineered . had failed.. Within the cham
ber Tobin was j moving ;» from *: place • to
place,inow consulting with his fellow Su
pervisors and again"' with i the Mayor.' Mr.
Tobin ' had ' undertaken .• a '; contract .which
he could. not fulfill.' •¦. -v *"•
• During -the 'session of the board one of
the gamblers ' who *¦ had" been ' hovering
around I the | outer doors of - the I Supervis
ors' chambers sent * word to ' Tobln ' tnat he
desired Ito I communicate t with ¦ him in the
corridor.* 4 Obeying the command, the . Su
pervisor'rushed 1 : -through 'the •- swinging
floors.^ 'He 'dashed .down <¦ the J corridor iv
the wrong direction and then retraced his
steps. .-- Close { to ' the ¦ chamber door : stood
the gambler.* ¦-'¦-*-" J ¦•-'./-'• • ¦ .... j
-•¦ "——7 , it. r : Tobin, 4 . 1 : thought ; you said
we would win out by two to one !'*. said the
man,' who 'made sno effort : to .'conceal i his
anger or j his ' disappointment* at • the » turn
affairs had; taken., - " •• ; : - .^ *':-.
¦'¦ "Yer.^ l , know; it— l . know It," replied To
bin.' -.''l have done my, best,' but we are up
against it."» " *"' "• . :'-'' ' .'¦',' , " ¦ >
And he went back into the council cham
ber/- iT H- :•-'• ¦'"- -JV ;"¦••' ¦- ¦¦,"''•;'»'¦;'¦••¦„:;-, -/,...•
,r A . few- minutes ¦ later j Mayor ; Phelan - de
clared that lie had been authorized by the
Police , Committee ; to announce that the
report .which' It was expected to present ,
would not be submitted. The committee,
he said, desired further time and had not
been able. to agree upon a decision.
"Am I right, Mr., Tobin?" he said.
Tobin was resting. his head upon his
hand. Without changing his attitude. he
replled;"'You are right,- sir.";
The answer was 'interesting, in view, of
the fact that Supervisor Tobin had Intro
duced the ' gambling J ordinance - and I bad
forced the Police Committee to indorse It.
When he -was -asked later to explain his
conduct and. to tell why he" had not.lntro
duced the resolution which his' committee
had adopted- he declined to talk. Super
visor 'Reed ' said that he was not a free
agent; in; the -matter and that all inter
views, must be obtained from his princi
pal, Mr. Tobin. Supervisor Helms replied
in a similar vein, declaring that the whole
•matter • was in the hands of Supervisor
Tobln.
¦ But'the incident was not by any means
closed: -The ministers present felt that
they had. a' duty to perform. The reopen
ing of ; lngleside Is a serious matter to
them.*. It cannot be dismissed, with a
smile such as accompanied Mayor Phe
lan's " announcement of postponement..
These - ministers had assembled in the
morning, each in the conference repre-'
senting" his people and their various pas
tors.. The outrage contemplated and
planned by. the.- gamblers had ¦ been dis
cussed' and each congregation, i represent
ing a religious denomination, determined
to memorialize the Supervisors and pro
test against the gambling ordinance.
! In each conference a series of resolu
tions was prepared and adopted and when
Mayor Phelan announced that the gam
bling ordinance would not be acted upon
the ¦ resolutions of protest were presented.
Those of the Presbyterian ministers and
churches of this city were typical and
were as follows:
SAN FRANCISCSO. March 5. 1900.
To the Board of Supervisors of San Fran- "
Cisco— Gentlemen: As ministers of the Oos
. pel we believe It to be our duty to address
. you upon a question of the most serious
. moment .to the people of this city. There
is ndw. before you a measure providing: for
.'the reopening" of the Ingieslde racetrack, an
- Institution . which brought sham* and dls
„ grace to the people of San Francisco, tempt
• lnc officials to the commission of crimes,
carrying : demoralization to . our . business
community, seating: sin and sorrow and sad
'¦: ness in : many of our homes, - debasinr our .
- young* men , and debauching- . our. young" '
women. . ¦ -
In the wake of this mammoth evil came
wrecked lives and homes and private and
public Immorality, and we earnestly plead
: with ' yon not to inflict again upon us the
scourge of gambling, under which, we suf
fered and- from which, through the legls- .
; latlon of your ¦ predecessors iln .of flee, we
- escaped. " - ¦¦ ¦ -.'¦• - - • , -¦•¦'- -• • •
- Believing- In ths necessity of an Immediate
appeal to you, we, ¦ the Presbyterian minis
' ters of this city, in conference assembled.
have adopted the following resolutions: • -
¦ . .- Whereas, An endeavor Is now being made
-^by the gamblers and criminals of this and
¦' other . cities to re-establish . and reopen the
' Ingleside racecourse and its rambling, and
revive the reign of disorder,' distress, social
disease and crime which. this institution in- -¦
dieted upon us before its suppression; and -
» .Whereas, . The records of • our ¦ criminal
i courts.' the jails and penitentiaries : and the
public Morgue give dreadful testimony , of
the scope of this blight of racehorse gamb
• ling- and predict the horror of its repetition
¦ 'in - • o»>r midst. 'We . whose duty calls •as
: within r the • sacred precincts of homes know
of what devastation has been brought there.
of what families ' have ' been stricken ; and
' ; suffer -in silent < shams . because, of the evil
done by the gamblers of the racetrack. To
, the testimony .- of • the , public | prints. -to the
"records of theeourtand the prison,' to the '
story of dlsrrs.ee, - distress, flight . and - sul
' clde, we could add the evidence of . misery
•nd dishonor that are borne In silence be
/ caus«e of the baneful presence and Influence
of that gambllnir which has no sponsor ex
• cept from those that thrive, upon It. and its -
7 victims.. •Believing', * therefore.-, that a ter- ;
•¦: rfble menace Is over th* people of our city,
.i.belt.' f;-. .--:?.:.,; Mr.-w..',--- r ,r; -^ ,'. .
Resolved. That we earnestly pray you not "
to. deliver th* youth of this cltj Into the \
me uuu.ru wm UI9CUS9 me ordinance «gaia
and if Supervisor Tobln ' possesses suf
ficient audacity he will present it to the
consideration of men .who value their
names, respect the community they h«ve
been chosen, to represent and believe that
no honest men can be bribed by a cheap
license to I prostitute the people of Sau
Francisco. ' . . . ; '* • :
INGLESIDE IS
CONDEMNED BY
RABBI MYERS
- ' • - • • : -';~
RABBI ISIDOR' MYERS of the Con
¦ gregatlon Ohabai Shalbme condemns
the pernicious' practice of betting
on horse racing " and says that
temptations should not be set before the
youth of this city by opening ' Ingleside
race track. ' " . ' * •
"One cannot speak too h&rsbiy if the
. gaming on the race tracks," said Rabbi
Myers last night. "Its Influence has a
tendency to demoralize and no com
munity of 'citizens can be strong when it
exists among them. The example set to
the youth is pernicious in its effects and
leads many to the wayward path in life.
"In every community there is a certain
element among which gambling Is a habit
and the unfortunates, who compose this
element cannot resist temptation when it
Is before them. The only salvation we
have to offer such Is to place bad influ
ence beyond them and afford them protec
tion against their vices. The reopening
of Ingleside would be an outrage, and the
Supervisors should think twice before
they take action In the matter. I have
heard a storm of - protest against the
gamblers from every section of the city
and I hope that the sentiment expressed
by the moral and law-abiding class will
Influence our city fathers in the cause of
righteousness."
RABBI LEVY
ENCOURAGES
GOOD MORALS
RABBI M. 8. LEVT of the Con*re*a
tion Beth-Israel -denounces the ef
fort* of the promoters of the Ingle
side racetrack to. ply their nefarious
trade, and appeals to the Supervisors in
the Interest of good morals to crush their
schemes. He said: ....
"The racetracks and the attendant gam
bling are most harmful and Injurious. The
evils they incur cannot be overestimated
and are most detrimental, to the Interests
of any community. • The citizens should
rise up in protest against any scheme of
the gamblers, and I for one will raise my
voice against any organized plot to undo
the good work accomplished when the
gates of Ingleside were closed and barred
a year ago. " , . .
VW« have but to look around us to re
alize the havoc race tracks have wrought.
Young men, tempted In the betting rings,
have been taken from our midst and,
placed behind prison bars.- Th© confidence
placed •In employes by those who paid
them their. hire, has been betrayed, '_ and
the great element of insecurity exists
everywhere that men. holding positions of
trust.' are lured by the follies of gambling.
I hope that the Supervisors will heed the
warning s which - has been ; sounded and
¦tamp oat this evil from oar midst."
MAFEKING IS NOW
TO BE RELIEVED
Strong British Force Has Started From Kim
berley With That Intention.
• . ...
Republican Troops Occupy a Position Extending Eighteen Miles iri
Front of Roberts' Army and a Series of Battles Is
Soon Exoected.
IN THE BOER TRENCHES ON THE TUQEtA.
(From L'lllustratlon.)
In no country pernaps Goes lac war spiriirun mgner man in xne lrans
vaal and Orange Free State. Many, women have gone to the front, not only as
cooks and nurses, but to take their places In ¦ the trenches with their rifle.3,
which they handle with remarkable precision. OJ;d men also, far beyond the
military age, and their . grandsons as far under, are to be found in the very
forefront of the battle. The picture represents a section of the Boer trenches
near Colenßo and shows a curly-hepded young. patriot in. short breeches hand
ing cartridges to his grandsire, a Majuba Hill veteran, who can perhaps Use
them to better advantage than the youngster at the range obtaining. The
boy's turn will come in the rush at close quarters.
TOBIN DEFERS HIS
GAMBLING OUTRAGE
Decides in the Face of I ndignant Public Opinion
Not to Present His Ingleside Ordinance.
¦ ' • ... • - . v . ¦• V. " : Tj ; :
Ministers Representing Thousands of Families and Homes of. the
City File the Protests of Their People to the Re-establish
ment of the Race Course and Its Temptations.
hand* of corrupting powers and Influence*
by reopenlnr the IngleslJe racecourse and
reviving Its criminal away. We beg you not
to dishonor your- high of flees, betray your
sacred trust. and blight the people you rep
' resent by making- of the city a field upon'
which the ramblers may prey.
Each minister In his turn stepped to th*
desk of Mayor Phelan to present ths pro
test of the thousands of people he repre
sented. The Presbyterians, Consrresratlon
allsts, Methodists, Baptists and Christian-*
filed their respective documents and left
the chamber with a promise that they wtU
return to protest again whenever th« ob
noxious order Is under consideration. ' - *
On Thursday, the Police Committee of
Ministers Protest Against the. Outrage of Ingleside Gambling!6 top* th« Cough and Works Off th* Cold.
; : Laxative Bromo-Qulnln* Tablets cur* a" cold
' la ' on* ' day. Mo ' cure, no ' pay. : Prlc* 28c
" r THE ADVANCE ON • ¦PRETORIA;
V;. Map showing the positions of Lord Roberts',. General Methuen's and Q#n
; eral Bullets forces, and .their 'distances from and relative positions' to Preto
\ ria, their final objective point. General ! Buller ; may -be I ordered to advance d!
• rectly on Pretoria by Lalnf> Nek,", wnlle Lord Roberts moves on from Bloeni
>-: ronteln," whose capture ls'a question of but^a few days,' or hls"men T may be"
. .brought down by rail to Durban; thence by sea to Port Elizabeth, and go from
> there by rail again to JolnVLord Roberts -at: Bl6emfonteln."J In* this latter '>»«e
• »th« main British. army .««' lnvasion will consist of over 100.000 men of all arms.
Wickershams File Answer.
SANTA ROSA, March B.— This morning
an answer was filed in the Superior Court
to the complaint of the action commenced
by Frank Wlckersham against Fred and
Lizzie Wickersham and May Bergevin.
setting aside the agreement entered Into
by Frank renouncing all lights to his
father's and mother's estate*. 'The an
swer denies the allegations mad* by
Frank that h"« was of unsound mind and
not permitted to se* a copy of the agree
ment. A demurrer was also filed.
Chinese Reform Meeting.
VANCOUVER. B. C. March s.— Long XI
Que, head of the Chinese reform move
ment In Canada, has called an emergency
convention at Victoria for Monday next
to devise means of organizing and *trik-
Inr a decisive blow from America at th»
dominant power In China, yhlch is crush
ing the liberty, progress and life out of th»
nation. ¦ . . . .
POSTMASTER HAPGOOD
OF MARYSVILLE IS DEAD
Passes. Away at His Home After an
Illness of But One
Week. <
Epeclal EHepatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE. March 6.— Charles Hap
good, Marysvlllc's genial and accommo
dating Postmaster, is no more. At 3
o'clock this .morning, after an illness of
exactly one week, he passed away at his
home on E street, succumbing to an at
tack of malarial fever, which was attend
ed by exhaustion Incident to old age. He
lacked one month' and a /few days of
reaching i the • allotted three ' score years
and ten, being- aged 69 years 10 months and
IS days when the end came.':'
A^severe chill which visited: him a week
ago*"last ; night was the first^ symptom of
his illness.! This was followed by high
fever and spells of what is known. to the
physician as "interrupted heart." Though
quite sprightly in his advanced years his
age was against him, but doctor, relatives
and friends . were hopeful until Sunday,
when there -was a decided change for the
worse.' .; *-- .¦ -, . -^
Deceased was born In Warren, Trum
bull County. Ohio, May 22, 1530. He re
ceived an academic education in, his na
tive city and early In life entered a store
as clerk In the dry goods department. On
account of 111 health he came to California
in 1836, by way of the isthmus of Panama.
In- the. following, year he came to Marys
vllle an& obtained employment In a dry
goods stof c. . succeeding his employers In
a few 'years, under a partnership known
as Walsh," Hapgood & Allen. >-'-
In 18G0;he was married to Emma Wilson
of this. city. ¦. Two years later, becoming
Interested in silver, mines in Durango,
Mexico, he went to that country and re
mained ""there 'for- fourteen years, during
which time he was quite successful in
mining.
He was next employed for several years
in the. Custom-house in San Francisco,
after which he' returned to* Marysvllle.
In 18S3 he was appointed to the office of
Postmaster, filling an unexpired term and
succeeding himself for another .term.
Afterward he filled a term as Register of
the Land Office and was again appointed
Postmaster in October, 189s. Two years
of the present, term remain and his widow
will make application to the department
for the appointment of Postmistress to
fill tho unexpired term.
- Mr.- Hapgood was a prominent Mason,
being a member of the Knights .Templar
and five other subordinate lodges. He
was also a member of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen. -'
At the time of his death he was man
ager of the .Parka orchard in Butter
•County.' ¦¦•-<¦'¦ .¦'¦'. n.. ¦:¦
Funeral services will be held Wednesday
and the remains will -be taken to San
Francisco for cremation.
INTERESTS THE
PEOPLE OF THE
PACIFIC COAST
San Jacinto Indian School
| 'Will Be Removed to • *
v Riverside.
Representative Waters' Bill for Pro
tection Against Forest Fire*
• ... Is Passed by the \ t
?*,.. • House.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call
(WASHINGTON.' March t-The- Mission
Indian . School near San . Jacinto wQI be
removed from its present location tr>
Riverside. This* was decided to-day when
the Senate Committee oh Indian Affairs
took up that portion of the Indian appro
priation* Bill' relating to Mission Indians/
In spite of the efforts of Senator Perkins
and. Representatives Needham and Wat
ers to nave - the appropriation increased
¦ from $75,000.- a« provided In the House bill.
to $100,000. the Senate committee refused
to. make the change, but it consented to
Insert .-a " clause restoring the Indian
Agent at that point. It Is certain that
the House conferees will yield to the Sen
ate In this small matter of restoring the
agent, since no increase has been made in
the . appropriation for the school. The
bill 'takes effect on July 1. so that the
change from < San Jacinto to Riverside
cannot be made before next summer.
This change is- made at the request of
friends of the school, in order that Its
present limited facilities may be consid
erably increased.
Representative Waters' bill, Imposing a
'fine of not more than $5000 or Imprison
ment for a term of not more than two
years, for setting fire to any timber, un
i derbrush or grass on the public domain.
or**or leaving fire near any timber or
1 other Inflammable matter unattended,
passed the House to-day. The second sec
tion provides that any man neglecting to
'. totally extinguish any tire on the publU
domain shall be subject to a fine of not
more than $1000 or imprisonment of no:
more than one year, or both. The fine*
thus collected are to be paid into the pub
lic school fund of the county wherein the
offense was committed.
,- Trail to Mount Whitney.
Representative da Tries introduced a
bill to-day directing the Secretary of the
Interior to have surveys made preliminary
to the construction of a free public trail
from some accessible point in Inyo Coun
ty to the-Bummtt of Mount Whitney. At
present the only access to Mount Whit
ney is by private trails. Also a* bill appro
priating $5)00 for the cost of tb« proposed
surveys." and a bill pensioning George "U.
Johnson of Sacramento at $30 per month.
Mr. Waters Introduced a bill to pension
Sarah C. Upham of Los Angeles, widow
of the late treasurer of the Soldiers' Home
at Santa Monica. X M_, • ,
Representative Jones of Washington to
day Introduced a bill to provide payment
for Improvements made by actual settlers
on public lands Included within the forest
reservations upon the rellnquiahment of
their lands to the United States; also a
bill appropriating $50,000 for the erection
of a publtd building at North Taklma,
The* Comptroller of thY Currency has
declared a fifth dlvitfrnd of 10 per c«nt
In favor of the creditors of the First Na
tional Bank of San Bernardino, making
in all 60 per cent on claims proved,
amounting to $142,197 13.
A postofflce was to-day established at
Moody, Mendodno County, and L. A.
Moody was appointed Postmaster.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
6 California: Original— William H. Bixler.
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles. $6. Special,
February 20— Stuart H. Butt, Los Angeles,
$17. Increase— John A. Spring, Soldier*'
Home, Los Angeles, $8 to $10.
Oregon: Original— Thomas A- Sfcettery.
Cornell, $8; Alonxo Gallup. Portland, $f
TWENTY PERSONS INJURED.
Freight Trains Collide on the Illinois
'C- : -'- :: Central. c v
CHICAGO. March 6.— Twenty stockmen
and railroad employes were Injured In a
freight collision to-day between two Illi
nois Central freight trains near Broad
view, a few miles out of West Chicago', j
The following persons were hurt: Jo
seph Hobbs, Marcus, lowa, may die;
Frank I. McCall, brakeman, Freeport, 111.,
may • die; • E. E. Farwell, Manchester,
Iowa; J. B. Counsell, Dyersville, lowa,
left thigh fractured; ¦ Edward ;• Yaeger,
Prlnghara, lowa, scalp wounds and left
arm fractured; Charles . Peters, Mattock,
lowa, head cut, arms and legs bruised;
H. B. Emerson, Manchester, lowa, scalp
wounds and right hand broken; J. J. Col
lins, conductor, face and head cut; J. ;A.
Clark, Elmhurst, 111., nose broken, head
severely cut; J. H. Dunne, Marcus, lowa,
left 6houlder and knee dislocated; W. R.
Spear, brakeman, Dubuque, ankle broken,
head cut; Joseph Bernard, Anton, lowa,
rieht wrist broken, scalp wounds; S. M.
Wixwell, scalp wounds and both legs
bruised: H. O. Booth. Sioux Falls. S.D.;
left foot f racture<J and head cut; Peter J.
Bagte, . Mattock, lowa, feet , broken and
head and back bruised; G. P. Slatter,
Sioux Falls, S. D., hands and feet cut; J.
W. Bryant, Cleghorn, lowa,, left leg cut
and rigfct n arm broken: .W. E. Brazell,
Otto, lowa, bruised about head and b«dy;
Thomas McMabon, Quinby, lowa, "three
ribs of left side broken; E. A. Wilkinson,
Quinby, lowa, right hip dislocated and
chest and back bruised. \ .. «
Intercollegiate Debate.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 5.—
The question for the annual Intercollegiate
debate was submitted "by the University
of California debaters to-day. Within a
week Stanford must choose tne side which
her -debaters will support. The r question
proposed Is, ."Resolved, that • the \ • army
camera should be •abolished."
test will be held late in April, "but' tha ex-?
act* date ' and • p',ace are still J matters* of
dispute.- ... \>¦.' -' ;>" "¦¦ r£* * " ;
Disturbance in Samoa.
SYDNEY. N. 1 8. W., March s.— Accord-
Ing to m mall advices " from . Samoa, the
Samoa 'Herald predicts grave .complica
tions in connection jwith' %.- serious native;
disturbance in the island of : Savali on
February X.
PITIABLE.
&<9 *>¦£: pitiable to see
rf !r^ij*y jJrjjg- sft' "how, to re-
™»» ¦i\p"^j^ promptly cor-
HIinVAN KOe reels those
riUUYAn ouc. distressful
All Druggists. symptoms
that . denote
nervous disorder, such as headaches (fig.
7). hollow eyes (flg. €), sunken checks and
paleness <flg. 5). coated tongue (flg. 8),
palpitation of heart (fig. 4), indigestion
<flg. S). torpid liver (fig. 2), weakness of
Umbs (fig. 1).
HUDYAN cures Ble^plessness, despond-
ency, clouded memory, lack of energy,
that all-gone feeling. HUDYAN recuper-
ates exhausted, weak and worn constitu-
tions. HUDYAN gives^a- renewed Im-
iwtun to the circulation ' and . creates .' a
healthy appetite. - • *--*
O«t HTTDYAN from yoor drnjrgVt, -60c
a package, six packages $2.60. If he does
not keep it. send direct to the HUDYAN
REMEDY'CO., corner Stockton. Ellis and
Market street. Ban Francisco. Cal.
I CONSULT "t ¦ C <*»* tllt . fre# ./ th «,
I FREE. I "««*-* Doctor., dl
? — *-fr or writ* to them. :
AT CROCODILE POOL.
LONDON. March 6.— A dispatch to the
Times from Buluwano, dated February
27, says: ' • . " :
"Colonel Plumer yesterday occupied the
position at. Crocodile; Pool,' which the
Boers evacuated on February 25, V It is not
known whether the enemy have taken an
other position or been ordered to retreat
owing to events in the south."
MARCHING FROM KIMBERLEY.
CAPE TOWN, Maroh.s.r-A strong force
of British, including the Kimberley Light
Horse, is marching northward from Kim
berley. It Is expected the crossing of the
Vaal River will be disputed at Fourteen
Streams, where the railway bridge has
.been wrecked. .;* ? ¦. '[
Lamareau Sentenced.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho, March s.— George W.
Lamareau, the defaulting Ada County ex-
Auditor and Recorder, was to-day sen
tenced to seven years in the penitentiary.
Lamareau's peculations aggregated nearly
$3000. Several outside publishing firms who
authorized him to. cash their warrants and
remit lost considerable.
Electric Tower Sold.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
SAN JOSE,. March s.— The big electric
tower, which haa proved an attraction of
the city for many years, was to-day pur
chased by the Council for $600. It waa
owned by the light and power company
and In order to save it from being torn
*£¦*? t , he city was obliged, to buy U. Its
original cost was $7000. ¦
WRECKED STEAMER WAS
THE PLANET MERCURY
She Sailed From Portland With a
¦ Miscellaneous Cargo, But Car
- ried No Passengers.
Harrington, n. s., March b.— The
vessel wrecked on the : ledge at Pubnico,
ten days ago, was almost certainly the
Elder-Dempster line steamer Planet Mer
cury, from Portland, Maine, ¦ for Bristol.
On Sunday a life buoy was picked up at
Pubnico Point, marked "Planet Mercury,"
and a life raft was found on Glen's Wood
Island with "Liverpool" marked on" It. A
Frenchman at . West Pubnico claims to
.have picked, up a life-preserver this morn
ing with the name "Planet- Mercury" and
other wreckage. Several more dead cattle
have also drifted' in' and schooners have
gathered up considerable ' wreckage of a
miscellaneous "character. ; * n--.. » -'.i<:.:
' "The steamer Planet Mercury sailed from
Portland,; Maine, February 17, under com
mand of Captain Pye. She carried a mis
cellaneous cargo, valued at $300,000. but no
passengers. In addition to her crew she
carried six cattle men.
KENTUCKY'S WAR CLOUD
SUDDENLY DISAPPEARS
'¦¦¦:' ¦ t i ¦ _... .. ¦ •; J-j
Republican State Authorities Stop
. the Shipment of Arms to
' '¦.. ' London. ' •
FRANKFORT. March 6.— The order for
the ' shipment of guns and ammunition
from the State arsenal here to London,
Ky.. by the Republican State authorlUes,
was. revoked this afternoon and a car
laden with munitions of .war, consigned to
London, was unloaded and its contents re
turned to the arsenal In this city. The
Republican officials offer no explanation
of the change of programme. .
HIGHWAYMAN STILL AT LARGE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAP A, March s.— lnformation given out
at the Sheriff's office here to-night Is to
the effect that the highwayman who held
up the Calistoga and Lakeport stage last
Friday on Mount St. Helena has not yet
been captured. The Sheriff and his posse
have. been on a still hunt for three days
now. but they have- been unable to put
their hands upon the man ; wanted so
much by them, or even to get a good
trace of him. Sheriff Dunlap returned to
Napa Sunday afternoon from" the scene
of the robbery. " , •¦ •
He made a thorough search over the
mountain on Friday night and Saturday
In a severe rainstorm, and 'also went as
far as the Oat Hill mine. From the last
named place the Sheriff went to Aetna
Springs and on through Snell, Coyote and
Pope valleys. He also went to the border
of Lake County, but did not get any sight
of the stage robber. Sheriff Dunlap went
up to Calistoga to-night again on the 6:30
o'clock train. He stlU.has hopes that the
criminal will be landed in Jail before the
week is out. The officers are watching
some suspicious characters who are work-
Ing at the. Oat Hill mine. - District Attor
ney Bell and Constable Allen of the Sher
iff's posse returned to. Napa late Sunday
night after a futile search for the high
wayman. .¦.-:,, i . --» ; '
STRUCK IT RICH.
' Poor Prospector Uncovers a Valuable
- . Ledge in Siskiyou. . :;
Special Diipatch to The Call. . :J 'i
'' ETNA, 5 March 1 6.— One of the "biggest
strikes In: mining, ever known in this vi
cinity has been made by J. D. • Clinton
near the-Aromaai mine." Mr. Clinton has
been prospecting this claim for more than
three • years. .He is a pdor s man and has
worked at: a disadvantage in the face of
the taunts and Jeers of his neighbors; but
to-day he writes a friend. at Etna that he
has < uncovered a ledge that' assays $120
per ton and is: fifty feet wide: He owns
four claims In a group. Experts have been
there and confirm what Mr. Clinton says.
Blskiyou County is coming to the front
and tne, mountains are full of prospectors:
MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call;
SAN RAFAEL,' March 6.— Word was re
ceived here , to-day from j N least o reporting
the mysterious ' disappearance of 'Augusto
Palestanjo. Palestanjo is a' wealthy'but
ter-maker in the employ of Thomas Red
ding. 'He disappeared, two weeks ago and
a quiet search has been going on for him
ever -since.;.' lt is now supposed" he was
murdered, as no trace of him can be found
and a; number of valuables belonging to
him , are missing. : ;; Detective ' Rodgers » of
Nlcasio, with- a i searching party,, is ; fol
lowing every clew to find. the whereabouts
of the missing man.-. ' .;'..
Sues the Hail road.
• LOS ANGELES. : March s.fA' suit of T.
"kretßchmar of , Pasadena ' against the Pas
adena' and Mount Lowe Railway Company
for $50,000 . was begun* here to-day. 1 , Kret
schmar was climbing fhe mountains and
took hold of a live wire, which burned his
hands so .that , they, hn d t o be amputated.'
OLGA NETHERSOLE
MUST STAND TRIAL
Presentation of "Sapho" Brought to
an Abrupt End at Wallack's
' * Theater.
NEW YORK, March s.— Police Magis
trate Mott to-day held Olga Nethersole,
Hamilton Revelle, Marcus ¦ Mayer anu
Theodore Moss for trial on. the charge of
presenting the immoral play "Sapho."
Ball was fixed at $500 each. The parties
defendant were paroled in custody of their
counsel, Abraham Hummell,' until 2 o'clock
on Wednesday, when they will appear
again in Center-street court and give ball
ofssoo each.- - • '• ¦•.'•••¦-..*• -.• : '
-'District Attorney Gardiner at once gave
Information of the decision to the Chief of
Police, with whom the responsibility of
.stopping the performance or otherwise
now rests. ¦ ¦ ¦¦••-. •••
As a result of the decision of Magistrate
Mott, Wallack's Theater was closed to
night and no production- of "Sapho" was
attempted.' After the decision in Magis
trate Mott's court Chief of Police Devery
telephoned to the manager of Wallack's
Theater and to Marcus Mayer, manager
of Miss Nethersole, and suggested that it
would be better not to give a performance
to-night. Captain Thomas was instructed
at the same time to take ten men In citi
zens' clothing and. visit the theater and
to make arrests if an effort were made to
produce "Sapho" 'along the original lines.
A notice was posted on the theater that
there would be no performance and the
lights were turned out. ¦ 3
Cars Held for Taxes.
BAKERSFIELD, March s.— County As
sessor Jameson to-day added some $35,000
to the assessment rolls by listing property
that heretofore has escaped taxation. He
also Bent_a deputy to Delano, one to Mo
jave*and"three- to Kern, City to count the
cars belonging -to parties other than. the
railroad companies, that is,. to refrigera
tor, stock, oil and similar car companies.
Seventy in all were found and the rail
road,was directed to hold every such car
until the tax, amounting to about $10 on
each car, is paid. Meantime Mr. Jame
son has been telegraphing to all parts of
the country, notifying the owners of cars
what he had done and demanding the
tax.' So far he' has had but one guaran
tee.- He thinks he may have to proceed
through the- criminal courts against the
railroad men, who, he fears, will move the
cars In spite. of orders. .-.
Fell on a Stove.
¦ SANTA ROSA, March 5.— J. H. Reed, a
pioneer resident of this city, .while sitting
beside a stove last night had a fainting
spell and fell over with the: side of .his
face resting on the stove. The side of hla
face was burned almost to a crisp.: It is
feared that the sight of one eye is gone
and that he will not recover from tho
shock to his system.. : . - . • ¦ .
TOBINi CONSULTS WITH A GAMBLER.
"TOBIN, I THOUGHT YOU SAID .WE WOULD WIN OUT BY TWO TO ONE?"
"YES, I KNOW," SAID TOBIN. ; 'XHAVE DONE MY BEST, BUT WE ARE UP
AGAINST IT."— (Excerpt from a;_ conVersEtiori between [Supervisor Tobin and a gambler
yesterday afternoon at the door of'the:chambejr.pf : the Board of Supervisors.)
Special Dispatch to. Tha Oil. I
CHICAGO, March s.— Friends of .George
M. Pullman, son of the. late car magnate,
are asking one another whether the young
man Is a bigamist The incident which
gave color to the rumor that-y.oung Pull
man had married a second time occurred
on Saturday v evening at. the Auditorium-
Annex. Young Pullman and Mrs! Blanche
Bowers,' well known in South Side society
circles, appeared In' tae cafe of the Annex j
early in the evening and sat at a table
near a prominent society youngman. Th»
society man finally received ' a card from
Pullman requesting him to rail at his ta
ble. He' did so,* and was then, presented
to Mrs. Bowers by young Pullman, who
Introduced her as his wife.
, Soon the rumor, that young Pullman had
married again *spread : throughout the
hotel. Young Pullman had previously In
troduced Mrs. Bowers as his wife at Kins
ley's. ' • " ' "" - - •"
"In the eyes of the law," said a local
attorney to-day, "young Pullman is mar
ried to Mrs. Bowers if he introduced her
in public as his wife." ¦'; - «>¦ -
Mr. Bowers, Mrs., Bowers' husband, con
trary to a rumor, which has gained some
currency, is not dead, but' is in Chicago,
engaged In the work of musical composi
tion and publishing. He has left the stage
and is trying to win fame as- a composer.
Two of the musical works in which he
takes pride are entitled "Always" and
"Because."
Not an Unusual Thing.
Mrs. Fernald-Pullman; when . seen .to
day, did not appear displeased at the re
ports of her husband's attitude toward
Mrs. Bowers.. •
"Mr. Pullman frequently makes indis
creet remarks under certain circum
stances," said she. "I encountered Mr.
Bowers in New York recently and he told
me his wife had not secured legal separa
tion from him, nor could she do so."
Mrs. George M. Pullman Sr. entertains
anything but friendly feelings toward
Mrs. Bowers.
Sanger Pullman managed to contract a
."common law" marriage with a young
woman and it cost the. Pullman estate
more than $10,000. to save him from the
consequences.
: Mr.'l'ullrnan was at the Lexington Hotel
this afternoon. ••<-,; -
.. '."Is jit true you . were married to Mrs.
Bowers a week ago?" he was asked.
"Won't talk— buy drink," was the reply.
"Did you obtain a' divorce from Mrs.
Fernald-Pullman?"
'•'•. The reply was the same. ¦ ' ' ~
¦ '.'lt is said you Introduced Mrs. Bow^ri
to a party of friends In the Auditorium
Annex Hotel on Saturday night as your
wife.. Is it true?". •• . ' . ,
Has Not Been Divorced.
"Suddenly. Mr.- Pullman straightened up,
threw -his. can* violently against the bar
and 'said:' - . - .
"¦ ¦ "I was married over a year ago, I think
it was. I'm still in the same fix. Do I
look like' Bates? Am I Farnsworth?
Wull.; hardly. I am still married and I
have secured no divorce. My - home Is in
New • York yet. you 'know. Divorce
there? Not as the clock ticks. Leave
Mrs; Bowers alone; leave me alone: If I
want" to get married I can. Sue anyone
who' says things, about me— sloo,ooo. Need
money/ -? ?,_•_¦.
, A- search of the records "of divorce pro
ceedings in'the Circuit and Superior courts
of Cook County failed to reveal any record
of divorce proceedings Instituted by either
Mr. or Mrs/ Pullman.
kopjes for a distance of five miles south
of the Modder. The Seventh Division, un
der General Tucker, is In the center, im
mediately south of the river, and General
Oolville. with the Ninth Division, is on
the north bank. The cavalry brigade, un
der General French, is posted on the left
front, and the mounted Infantry, under
Colonel Ridley-Martin, on the right front.
"The country around consists of wide,
praEsy plain?, broken only by ridges and
isolated kopjes. A body of the enemy has
taken up a position on one of the latter—
a flat-topped hill to the north of tha river,
five miles beyond General French, who
to-day took out horse artillery and shell
ed them. Another force, four thousand
ctrong, holds an isolated group of kopjes
south of the Modder and in front of the
British mounted infantry. Their position
is surrounded on all sides by level plains,
over which the Boers must make their
way in order to reach the river. As a
consequence their situation appears pre
carious in the extreme.
•The veldt is now in a "beautiful condi
tion. Water is plentiful, supplies being
obtained not only on the river, but also
from numerous small springs. The health
and spirits of the troops are excellent.
The British cavalry and mounted infan
try have been reconnoltering the enemy's
positions. There has been little fighting."
VAST SUMS VOTED
TO CARRY ON THE WAR
LONDON. March 6.— The House of Com
mons was crowded to-day in anticipation
of the budget statement. The report of
the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir
Michael Hicks-Beach, Introducing the
budget, shows that an expenditure of
£154,052.000 has to be provided for in the
budget of 1&W-0L The statement shows
that the exchequer account of 1899-1900
would have given a surplus of upward of
£5,0u0,<i00. but that the supplementary .war
estimates of £23,0i»0.000 make the ex
penditure exceed the revenue by £17.
770.0U0.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, after
laying the figures before the House, point
ed out that the country has to face a total
estimated expenditure in consequence of
the war at no less than six times as much
«i> had been estimated in October last.
Against the estimated expenditure of
£154,0b2,000 for the coming year the Chan
cellor at the Exchequer estimated the rev
enue on the basis of taxation at £116,900,
©JO. or a deficit of £37.000,000.' i
Dealing with the war expenditures, he
said the Government had made the best
calculations as to the amount it ought to
ask from Parliament with the view of a
successful prosecution of the war. But it
was impossible to be certain when the war
would be concluded, and the expenditures
might be larger. On the other hand, how
«ver. a happy change in the military situ
ation and the fact that the season now
fast approaching was, in the opinion of all
the authorities, favorable to Boer opera
tions, had to.be considered. He might be
obliged in July or August to ask Parlia
ment for further relief, but he believed he
was fairly Justified in hoping that the in
ttnded expenditures would suffice to suc
cessfully conclude the war. He estimated
the total war expenditure, including
the deficit of £17,770.Cw0, at £60,000,000.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer char
acterized the suggested methods of fresh
taxation as in no way impracticable, say
ing the Government felt Justified in rais
ing a portion of the war funds by a loan,
but. he added, it was also Justified In call
ing upon the taxpayers for an immediate
and substantial sacrifice.
In this connection he thought they could
reasonably anticipate that the more acute
and more costly phases of the war would
not last long. He asked the taxpayers to
rubscribe to the cost of the war by an in
crease of the income tax to one shilling
in the pound, producing an additional
£ti .500,0 ft).
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach also said that
In order to meet a war expenditure of
£60.000.000 he would propose that the
etamp duties on stock exchange contract
notes be extended to sales on the produce
exchange; that the beer duties would be
increased a shilling a barrel of thirty-six
paHor.s; that there would be an increase
in the duty on spirits of 6 pence per pouno"
and tea 2 pence p«r pound. He anticipated
that the foregoing changes wculd increase
the revenue .£12.217,000, and he proposed
to save £<.«lOjOOQ by suspending the sink
ing fund in relation to certain annuities.
He proposed to borrow the rest of the
necessary fund. A total of £43,000,000 had
to be raised, of which £8.000,000 was now
in thf. treasury and £25.000.000 would be
raisr-d by bonds or stock, repayable in a
term not exceeding ten years.
During the course of his remarks the
Chancellor of the Exchequer, referring to
his previously expressed opinion regarding
the capacity of the Transvaal to bear a
responsible share In tne expenditure of
the war. said he etlll adhered to that
opinion, but he was bound to say that
the events of the last five months and the
claims which would undoubtedly be made
by the local colonists of Natal for com
pensation for losses sustained at the
bands of the Boers and the enormous in
crease In expenditure since he last spoke
had made him feel that the capacity, of
the Transvaal to bear the cost of the war
Continued from First Page.
was a less Important factor, though It
was still an Important factor, "than he
estimated In October last
There has been a remarkable increase
In the receipts from the death duties,
totaling £17,471.000. of which £2,271,000 was
from the estates of millionaires, Including
£900.000 from the estate of one man, a
foreigner, who lived on 15 shillings a day
in a West End London club. The person,
he continued, however unwillingly, "had
contributed to the exchequer more than
the cost of an. ironclad. The foreigner
referred to is It* l»te- George Smith, the
pioneer banker of Chicago, who died on
October 7. 1E99, In his rooms at the Reform
Club, London. . . . . .
Explaining the proposed Joan. | Blr
Michael Hicks-Beach said he believed It
would be a mistake to try to raise It by
a new Issue of consols, as It would create
a permanent debt which the nation could
not pay off at par until 1923. He thought
It would be better that part of the £35,
000,003 be reserved, say an. amount not
exceeding £5,000.000. for a further issue of
treasury bills. The rest he proposed -to
raise by bonds or stocks. He had reason
to believe it was possible to place such an
issue on very reasonable terms, and he
hoped to do bo in a way not to Insure
profit for a few great and wealthy per
sons, but to bring the whole -public into
the war loan and enable them to come to
the assistance of the country.
Timothy Ilealy, Irish Nationalist, pro
tested against Ireland having to pay any
thing toward the war expenses, asserting
that not a penny had been expended in
Ireland. The tax on whisky, he further
asserted, was an attempt to bleed Ireland.
"Let the diamond stockers," continued
Mr. Healy, "those who are making money
out of the war, pay the cost." ; .
Sir William Vernon Harcourt, Liberal,
complimented the Chancellor of the Ex
chequer on the soundness of his financial
principles, but said the country would like
to know how the Government intended to
insure that the Transvaal would ultimate
ly pay a large part of the cost of the .war.
He added: "It is said we are fighting for
liberty and freedom, so that, then there
Is a prospect of millionaires like Mr. Beit
and Mr. Hhodes having the taxation of
the Transvaal at their disposal. Of course,
the Government could not think of oppos
ing by a centralized taxation from Eng
land, and while England is being taxed
for the war it would be interesting to
know how the Government Intends to
realize. on the vague, misty expectation of
the gentlemen who will .be putting mil
lions into their pockets as a result of the
war. How are these men to be made to
pay?" "
John Redmond, the Nationalist leader,
said the Irish members regarded the war
as immoral and were therefore bound to
protest against the proposals of the Gov
ernment. He characterized the proposals
as "an Iniquitous budget, designed to up
hold an Iniquitous war."
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, In closing the
debate, thanked the House for the recep
tion given to the proposals and said the
Government hoped for an early conclu
sion of the war.- . : "V • "¦'•.-"
After further argument the House
adopted the budget proposals.
ENCOUNTER OF FRENCH'S
TROOPS WITH THE BOERS
OSFONTEIN. Saturday. March 3.—Gen
eral French last evening noticed a body
of Boers trekking northwest and sent a
squadron to Lkeep In touch with them.'
This morning the troopers were followed
by aDout 150 Boers, who advanced around
a - high hill,' but who retired precipitately
when the British shelled them. The Boers
then opened a heavy fire with-*Maxims and
also began firing from a kopje in the cen
ter of the position with a long range .fit
teen-pounder. The Boer trekking, In con
sequence of General French's movement,
was temporarily stopped.
'. - ¦ • — ¦
MARTIAL LAW IS
PROCLAIMED BY MILNER
CAPE TOWN, March s.— Sir Alfred Mll
ner has issued the following proclama
tion:
•'Whereas; the enemy's 'force« have In
vaded the districts of Prleska, Kenbardt,
BHtstown and Barkley West, and where
as, many British subjects have taken up
arms, and whereas. It Is : necessary to re
pel invasion' and suppress rebellion, now,
therefore, martial law- .Is hereby pro
claimed in these districts." ' ' '
YOUNG PULLMAN
PUBLICLY POSES
AS A BIGAMIST
George M; Introduces ; Mrs.;
Blanche Bowers as v His ' x . ; '
Has Not Been Divorced - From Mrs.
Fernald-Pullman, and His\Ac- - \
t - tion Gives Chicago Society
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, 31 ARCH 6, 1900.
MAFEKING IS NOW
TO BE RELIEVED
HHHHDTffT 1 T'T 1 TnnLsßisßßßssn^WTTn7^n i f?fflT!?T^SßSß^?ura
ismi I I ml 'JsM isasii I 11111 l lil 1 11 1 111 II JUlJisB ISfcd'M
v l/j^l Ha! ilillllill^H
I Several hats .sell for $s.oo— Hawes hats sell S
H for $$.00. _ 1. B
jiv. If, you take the label out of each hat you can- I
H not tell them apart— neither will constant wear B
¦ show a difference in their qualities. H
I worth i $2.00 ? ' I
I The Hawes I
¦:¦• ; Out-of-town orders filled— write for illustrated catalogue Mo. 2. ' 8j
2persons of his officials, has been captured
and he alone Is at large. Colonel Barry
says It will be hard for Agulnaldo to leave
the island, although not impossible. He Is
still in the northern provinces and the
troops are close after him.
The city of Manila Is quiet and trade
has been resumed not only In the town it
self, but In the surrounding- provinces and
along the Pasig River. The 8 o'clock or
dinance has been extended for citizens
to half-past 10. but the stores and saloons
close at 8 as before.
Colonel -Barry will go East without de
lay. He reported by telegraph to Wash
ington as soon as he landed, and he hopes
to receive orders to proceed this evening.
He is in excellent health, but he says the
work down there Is hard. It is probable
he will meet the President, the Secretary
of War and the commanding general with
the Philippine Commission and they will
discuss the Information he brings of the
state of affairs In the islands before the
commission leaves for the new possessions.
Colonel Barry says there Is no talk In
Manila about the recalling of Otis.
First Lieutenant Batson. who also
came up on the Grant, was the organizer
of the Maccabebe scouts. He and his men
chased Agulnaldo until they brought him
to bay, and in the engagement that fol
lowed Lieutenant Baston was wounded.
He organized the scouts at the Instance
of General Law ton. They proved a great
success. There are now five companies,
composed In all of 640 men, and Lieuten
ant Baston says they are the bravest set
of fellows he ever commanded.
Of the discharged soldiers who came up
on the Grant four were discharged with
out honor and eight dishonorably.
The Grant again comes Into port a
credit to the transport service. Chief
Officer Croskey and Chief Steward Her
bert kept the men in their respective de
partments v at work, and -In consequence
the ship is as clean as the day she left
San Francisco nine weeks ago.
A Lost Island.
Chief Officer Croskey reports that on
February 3 the ship sailed over the spot
where Morrell Island has generally been
supposed to be located. It is on all sailing
charts, but at 11:30 a. m. on the date men
tioned the Grant sailed over the position
in latitude 29 degrees 57 minutes north,
longitude 174. degrees 31 minutes east, and
not a trace of the Island could be found.
At noon any land forty feet . above the
level of the sea could be seen for a dis
tance of twenty-five miles. "The island
therefore cannot be in any latitude twenty
to twenty-five miles north or south or in
any longitude fifty miles east or west of
the position assigned."-, is the conclusion
reached by Mr. Croskey.
When the Grant left Manila Colonel
Bird and Major Mills of the transport
service were on a tour of Inspection. They
went to the islands via the Sues canal,
and every transport was thoroughly over
hauled by ¦ them. Colonel Bird Is on his
way home via Hongkong, but Major Mills
will remain some time longer in the
islands. It Is said that Colonel Bird has
advised the Government to purchase the
chartered transports Indiana and Pena*
sylvanla to use as . interisland ships.
UNDERWOOD APPOINTED
INSTEAD OF WHEELER
"Fighting Joe" Not to Get a Place on
the House Ways and Means
Committee.
. WASHINGTON*. March 6.—Considera
ble miscellaneous business, much of a
minor character, was transacted tn ths
House to-day. During the consideration.
of a bill to Incorporate the Frederick;
Douglass Memorial and Historical Asso
ciation, the Speaker and Bailey of Texas
exchanged sharp words, and the latter
filibustered and ultimately prevented th»
tlnal passage of the bill by demandlnc
the reading of the engrossed bill. The
bill proposes to collect at the residence oC
the late Frederick Douglass in this city a
record of the anti-slavery movement.
Underwood (D.) of Alabama, was ap
pointed to the vacancy on the Commit
tee on Ways and Means, which, it was
understood, was originally reserved fop
General Wheeler had he returned to Con*
gress. *¦:'••:-•¦-.
QUARTERMASTER'S FIX
Befused to Allow the Customs Offl*
cials to Board the Transport
Grant.
Quartermaster Baker of the Govern*'
ment transport Grant has got himself into
serious trouble with the customs official*
at this port, and the indications ar» that
before he gets out of it his annual salary
will display a very large hole in the shapa
of a fine.
When the Grant arrived her© several
months ago a large quantity of Manila
cigars were found concealed on board, tha
evident intention being to smuggle them
ashore. They were confiscated by tho
customs official?. On that occasion Quar
termaster Baker did conslderablo bluster-
Ing around the Custom-house ajid Igno
mlnlously failed in his attempt to bully;
the Government officials.
The memory of the past was no doubt
strong upon him, yesterday when tn<*
Grant steamed In through the Golden
Gate, for when the revenue cutter Golden
Gate came alongside with the customs
ofilcers Baker refused to Bl&nal to stop
the transport or to allow tbem to go on
board. When she came to anchor she was
boarded unceremoniously by the angry of
fflcials. and charges against Baker of hin
dering and obstructing customs officers in
the discharge of their duty were preferred
against the quartermaster. These charges
were filed with Collector Jackson, and It
the evidence shall be fmind to sustain
them Mr. Baker will be called upon to pay
a fine ranging from $50 to JMO.
tenant Enslow was wounded in the battle
in which General Lawton was killed. He
comes home on sick leave. Mr. Garrett
is General Wheeler's private secretary.
The ' naval hospital ship Solace left
Guam for. Yokohama a day before the
Warren sailed for Honolulu. I The ¦ Solace
should therefore arrive here -. within the
next few days.
The Grant Arrives.
The transport Grant also arrived from
Manila yesterday. She came via Yoko
hama and made the run In twenty-seven
days. She brought up 201 sick soldiers,
67 discharged soldiers and 27 cabin pas
sengers. . . • • -
There were six deaths during the voy
age, all from , diarrhea and dysentery-
The bodies of the dead were embalmed
and brought home. The first to die was
Private Ed Keaner or Company P,
Twelfth Infantry. He passed away be
fore the Grant got out of Manila Bay.
Private A. I. Schoenburger of Company
M, Twelfth Infantry, died on F«bruary
.10; Private Morton E. Neilson of Com
pany E, Fourteenth Infantry^ February
13; Hospital Steward John R. McKee.
February 24; ' Sergeant John Swarz of
Company L. Fourteenth Infantry, Febru
ary 26, and Private Albert Klemschmldt
of Company C, .Thirteenth Infantry, soon
after. Two more of the men were too
sick to be moved yesterday, but all the
rest of the invalids were sent to the Pre
sidio on the steamer McDowell.
Late Arrivals.
The cabin passengers on the Grant
were: " . "
Colonel Thomas 'H. Barry. Captain C. B. B.
Flagg. assistant mlrgreon: Captain B. B. Buck.
Sixteenth Infantry: Captain J. H. Culver,
Thirty-second Infantry: Captain F. B. Evans.
Eighteenth Infantry; Captain William B.
Thomas, Forty-sixth Infantry; Lieutenant
Hollls C Clark; Twenty-fifth Infantry: Fran
cis McCallum, acting assistant surgeon ;• Lieu
tenant ¦J.* D. McDonald. .V. S. N. ; Henry E.
Manger, acting assistant surgeon: William D.
Kelly, Charles Hutcheck, A. J. Dutcher, clerks;
Mrs. M. D. Buford. Mrs. Charles E. B. Flaggr,
Mrs. F. I). Evans. William D. Comfort. Mrs.
H. A. Ide. George ' San ford Smith, clerk; C.
P. Holcom, civilian; James R. Morse, Edwin
Dun, E. C. McCullock. government printer;
Mrs. E. C. McCullock, Amy B. Farquharson.
Agnes V. Iro-ine and Eugene Dufusne, nurses;
Revs. M. 6. Vail and J. C. Davlson, mission
aries.
Colonel Barry was assistant adjutant
general under General Otis during the
war.
Colonel Barry's description of affairs In
Manila and the Philippines is most en
couraging. He says the soldiers are In as
good physical condition as can be expect
ed and the percentage of sick is remark
ably low. There are now all told 65.000
troops In the islands, and but 12 per cent
of them are on the sick list.
Organized Resistance Ceased.
Organized resistance, he says, has been
broken up .md there remains but a scat
tered fragpient of Aguinaldo's forces.
Practically all his government, in the
Several Army Officers and Numerous Sick and Discharged Soldiers Brought Up on
the Transports Warren and Grant, Which Arrived Yesterday From
GENERAL JOE WHEELER IN FROM MANILA
AFTER A HOBNOB WITH THE SULTAN OF SULU
th£^;«aSj ifjtAJNOibco cajli.,- Tuesday, march 6, 1900.
Mii^wf^^*^ *r)7V sa ill |j/ 1 111 L j vsm
MM til' J !¦ r\ CC*Wl"£\ t &\ \T 1 1 Qf^
HI ¦' -¦;N''-":; N ' '- " : - «£v/vJvl lllllilgf olllx*'*
BpiHBHHHLIIMIHHBHrtP * ace *^ c a P e^ s anc * I
front if preferred ; I
I we will make the garments perfectly satis- 1
I .'' factory in every particular. I
I The cost to you of this made-to-order suit 8
I The value of the. clothes will be N $ 17.50.1 7.50. This is an I
I extreme value because of the good material we will use. 8
¦ The cloth for these suits and overcoats was bought before ' I.
I trade prices went up on all woolen goods ; and further- 8
I more we concluded to/make the clothes at a special price ; I
I accordingly you can save about $4.00, and so can any one M
¦ else who orders before all this cloth is gone. S
I We make these garments in eight styles. §j
I Don't you it advisable for you to get our, . |j
H All out-of-town orders for the suitt and overcoats wiil be filled. Write at — we mitt |fi
H tend tamplea and self-measuring blank. Mention you want catalogue No. 2. H
I 718 Market St. and Cor. Powell and Eddy. S
Veteran Warrior, Daughter and Her Fiance, Whom She Left at Manila.
THK transport Warren with Gen
eral "Joe" Wheeler aboard arrived
frpm Manila via the Sulu Islands,
Hongkong. Gur.m and Honolulu,
yesterday. On account of the stop
at Honolulu the transport was placed in
quarantine and no one will be allowed to
land from her until to-day. .¦'. *
General Wheeler's visits to Guam and
Sulu were official and made under orders
from Washing-ton. In order. that he may
report to the President the exact condi
tion of affairs in those islands.
General Wheeler is accompanied by his
daughter and Miss Davis. The general
looks older and thinner than when he left
San Francisco. He has not been very
well, but says he is In first-class 'health
and glad to be home.
Wheeler says the Warren went first of all
to the Sulu archipelago., The vessel re
mained there four days and during her
stay the general and his party went
ashore and were entertained by the Sul
tan. Later the. Sultan and. his court
went aboard the Warren and were ban
queted on the best the ship could afford.
According to Miss Wheeler the Sultan is
a very astute man and a kind ruler. He
tive islands on the face of the earth. He
will remain a few days' in. San Francisco
and will then hurry home. •
s The Warren only brought up twelve
passengers. Besides General Wheeler's
party there came up Lieutenant Com
mander J. B. Brlggs of the Baltimore,
Lieutenant Englow of the Eleventh Cav
alry. Ben Gough. an artist on Harper's
Weekly; H. Rhode and J. Garrett. Lieu-
WAYWARD BOY
CAUSES DEATH
OF HIS MOTHER
Mrs Hattie Bird of Spokane
Takes Fatal Dose of
Strychnine.
Pttrted to Dissipate When Her Son
.Was Arrested and Committed
*-rl * fJuidde on Hearing of
• I His Conviction.
E?ecl&l Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE. March 6.— Because her son
fc*d been sent to the penitentiary. Mrs.
Haiti c Bird, wife of a well-known local
rambler, last night ended her life by swal
lowing strychnine. Her husband was In
bed In the room at the time and saw her
lying on the floor, but supposed she was
Intoxicated and did not disturb her. When
he woke up several hours later she" was
lying In the came position- He went to
her and found ehe was dead. Her face
and hands were black from the effects of
the poison. The cramped position of her
limbs and the expression on her face
showed the agony ehe must have suffered.
Mrs Bird's young son was recently sen
tenced to the penitentiary for criminal as
sault on two little girls. The mother at
tempted suicide when 6he first heard of
his arrest, and later when he was con
victed, but was discovered In time to pre
vent the consummation of her Intentions.
Not till after her son's disgrace did she
begin drinking, but lately Ehe has been
dissipating greatly. '.'.-'. .
The eon. Charles Elwes. aged 17. is by a
former marriage. She had beea married
to Mr. Bird eleven yearg.
MRS. WOLCOTT DIVORCED.
Senator Offers No Opposition to the
Charge of Desertion.
DENVER. March s.— Before Judge Allen
of the District Court, Mrs. Frances M.
Wolcott was to-day granted a divorce
from Senator Edward O. Wolcott on the
ground of desertion. The complaint waa
not filed until to-day. Senator Wolcott
was not present and no evidence was In
troduced for the defense.
Stock-Growers Meet.
SALINAS. March s.—The Monterey
County Stock Raisers' Association held a
meeting in the City Hall, with President
J. R. Hebbron in the chair. Members rep
resenting, 75,000 head of <*attle were pres
ent. Officers were elected as follows:
Pre«!d*»nt. J. R. Hebbron; vice president.
S. N. Matthews; treasurer. H. E. Abbott;
eecretary, B. V. Sargent. •
¦ » ¦
Camera supplies in our artists' material
department. An entirely new stock will
be opened up to-day. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market *t. , - , • .
Ryan Reappointed.
SACRAMENTO. March 6.— Governor
Cage to-fiay reappointed Frank D. Ryan
Commissioner of Public Works under the
law parsed at the extra (session of the
legislature. 4 He will now be able, to {,'et
pay for his services and his acts will have
legal effect.
ADELBERT GALE
WINS HIS SUIT
FOR DIVORCE
Proven That His Wife Was
Not Legally Entitled
to Marry.
She Fails to Substantiate. Her Claim.
Thai He Had a Wife Living
When They Were
Married.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, March s.— The sensa
tional suit of Frances Grant Gale
against Adelbert Gale, proprietor of Gey
ser Springs, wherein the plaintiff asked
for the annullment of marriage and ali
mony upon the ground that at the time
Gale married her he already had a wife
living, came up for trial here to-day be
fore Judge Burnett in Department 1 of
the Superior Court. Prayer for alimony
was denied In short order, both sides unit
ing in a request for a speedy trial of the
annullment proceeding. The case was
called at 2 o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. Gale both took the stand,
the latter in support of her claims and
the former in support of his counter
claim for a divorce upon the ground that
at the time the plaintiff had married him
she had not been divorced from her hus
band the required statutory time of one
year. After hearing the evidence Judge
Burnett granted the divorce to Gale as
prayed for in his cross complaint, it hav
ing been established that the plaintiff was
divorced from her former husband In Col
orado In December of 1898 and married to
the defendant at the (JeysSrs in this
county some eight months later, or on
August 5, -1899.
While on the stand Gale testified- that
he had admitted to the plaintiff shortly
after their marriage that he had been liv
ing with a woman whom he had introduced
as his wife, but. he denied that she was
ever such in fact. Gale is well known,
both in San Francisco and in this county.
His marriage, which was celebrated just
at the* height of the summer season of
last year, was a very dizzy event. If cur
rent reports are to be believed. Cham
pagne flowed like water and high revels
were held for a day or two. But the mat
rimonial bark, so auspiciously launched,
soon ran aground on the shoals of in
compatibility and the prosaic denoue
ment of to-day was the result. "¦
Death of Oscar Johnson.
FRESNO, March 6.—Oscar Johnson, sec
retary of the Democratic County Central ¦
Committee and also private secretary to
ex-Congressman Castle, died this after- ¦
noon of appendicitis, aged 25' years. He
was a young man of brilliant promise.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dos« will gtbp !
a cough. Never falls. Try it. AH druggists.' •
¦ ? ¦ ¦ ¦ -. ¦-
New State Bank.
i LOS ANGELES. March 5.— A new State ;
bank will •be started here scon. ; Colonel J
R. M. -¦ Baker is to be 'president and W. .
Mead vice president. -" Other officers and ,
the name of the Institution are " not yet j
selected. -The capital will; be $100,000 and <
the charter of the defunct City Bank will i
be absorbed. ¦ •¦ T . .r.»- -¦ ¦ - -|j
REA GANG WILL
FACE A STRONG
COMBINATION
Fight for Better Govern
ment Is On in San
jose<
«
Special Dispatch to The Call.
•-¦:>,--... .:,-
SAN JOSE, March s.— The city campaign
U opening up and from indications it will
be . the hottest one ever experienced in
San Jose. It will be the old light renewed
against the Rea gang, which tor so many
years has dominated and mismanaged
city affairs. The citizens are better or
ganized this year than in previous elec
tions, and they will have as their leader
a practical politician in the person of H.
J. Edwards as candidate for Mayor.
The committee of one hundred, repre
senting the best element of the city, will
conduct the war against the gang, and an
especial effort will be made to rid the city
of gang rule so that San Jose may be in
line to enjoy the "boom" benefits that will
come with the oompletion of the coast
road. The committee meets in two weeks
to make full nominations for the election
which occurs May 21. Back of the com
mittee of one hundred and giving it full
support will be the Republican Good Gov
ernment League, which has a county
membership of 2000 and which scored a
victory at the last county election.
Harry J. Edwards will be the citfzens'
nominee for Mayor, and his progressive
career as a resident of San Jose will give
him hundreds of votes from both Repub
licans and Democrats. William Fisher
will probably be nominated for Treasurer
and \\\ J. Dougherty for City Clerk. W.
G. Alexander is talked of for Councilman
in the Third Ward and J. W. Borchers
and Dr. Davy for the same position in th«*
Second Ward.
The gang will support the incumbents in
office: C. J. Mayor; Thomas J.
McGeoghegan, City Treasurer, and J W
Cook. City Clerk. Councllmen Chase e.i
the ' Second Ward and Hatman in the
Third Ward, both of whom were appoint
ed by Mayor Martin to vacancies, have
declined to be candidates at the election,
and the members of the "push" are accus
ing them of having, "cold feet." Macken-'
zle, '.. who was always the brains of the
Rea push, and has succeeded the latter
as boss, will give the nomination for Coun
cilman in the Third Ward to Avery Por
ter. Selection has not yet been made for
Councilmen in the Second "Ward," but there
are no less than a dozen willing. **> '¦;¦ ¦¦
The "gang" is going to make a fight on
the "records", of : the present administra
tion, and to open the campaign will spring
a lengthy., expert report showing the
"savings" made to taxpayers. The report
Ib now being prepared by Expert Mullen
Every -point will, be stretched to show a
model city, government.
Everything points to a complete victory
for. the citizens* movement, as the admin
istration has incurred many enemies and
even some of the city employes rebelat
the way things have been going. '- This >
discontent lis especially noticeable In the
police. and fire departments.- The firemen
last year .were compelled, to work six
weeks for nothing; and the police nearly
a month because of a shortage of funds :
In the school department teachers' 'sala
ries were reduced and. some of the kin- i
dergartens - closed. , The street lighting ¦
company was i obliged to accept ; half-pay :
and the. water company donated water for
street sprinkling in order to keep the dust i
from suffocating .everybody. All these 1
curtailments -. because of an empty ' treas- 1
ury are to be paraded as savings to tax- 1
payers. .. -*_;;.- .-.-. ,; :?• ¦ ;.,, >,'.'., *.-.-_ ¦; ,
MINERS' WIVES
SUBJECTED TO
GROSS INSULT
Negro Soldiers at Wardner
Given Free Rein by
WASHINGTON. March s.— Moses S.
Simons continued his testimony before the
House Committee on Military Affairs in
the Coeur d'Alene investigation to-day.
He testified to the circumstances of his
removal from office shortly after the min
ing demonstration, his arrest and his Im
prisonment in the County Jail for five
days. '*...¦
A sharp controversy occurred between
Chairman Hull and Representative Lentz,
who conducted the .; examination, as to
whether or not the witness should state
his opinion on the necessity for martial
law. On a vote' the committee sustained
Hull and excluded this line of inquiry.
William Powers testified that he was
night watchman and constable at Mullan,
Idaho, at the time of the demonstration
at Wardner. He disclaimed any knowl
edge of the blowing up of the mining
property. . He fbw , two wagon-loads of
men returning from Wardner late in the
day after the explosion. The town was
entirely quiet and men went about their
work as usual. A week after the demon
stration the witness was arrested by sol
diers, but later was released. ¦ He was
summoned to appear before the United
States Industrial Commission, when he
was again arrested by a deputy., He de
manded to know what charge was against
him, whereupon, he said, the deputy drew
a pistol and an exciting affray occurred,
In which the deputy lost his "gun." A
soldier interfered and Powers was arrest
ed and put into the "bull pen."- He Bent
word to the- Industrial' Commission that
he was there.' and they notified him that
the commission' would come to the "pen",
and take the testimony of all prisoners.
But the, witness said this testimony was
never taken, < and he never learned the
nature of the charge 'against him.
-Powers said the families of Imprisoned
men suffered until a commissary store
was established at Mullan and about $11,
000 .of the charitable contributions from la
bor organizations and the Anti-Trust As
sociation was distributed. The military
terrorized the people and the women com
plained-that the negro soldiers attempted
to enter their houses. One woman whhose
husband was in the "bullpen" had a note
signed "A Colored Soldier" put under her
door. * ' ..
On cross-examination efforts were made
to get the names of. the men who returned
after the blowing. up of- the mining prop
erty. Lentz protested to this as in the line
of "intimidation," ¦:¦ as the " information
could be used to make military r arrests.
Representative Lentz said he had about
concluded ; the direct presentation of the
case, and after, hearing one witness to
morrow would, yield to General Merrlam,'
Governor Steunenberg and others denying
the charges. Several witnesses.- including
Former Master Workman Sovereign' of
the* Knights : of Labor, he said, would be
reserved for rebuttal. Lentz asked that
the committee again call on the War De
partment for all telegrams connected with
the subject, : and particularly .the original
instructions to . General Merriam. PThin
was agreed to. ~ -'. ¦ ." ¦*¦".- . • ?. • ¦*--? >,-,
, Lentz asked that President McKinley b«
asked to submit affidavits alleged to have
been filed by citizens of Idaho -showing :
that there was no need of martial law ana
that ; abuses i were - recurring ¦* under n the
military system. This request went over.
3
On the matter of his home-coming and
his reasons ' for leaving t the 'Philippines
the general had nothing to say. Any
question he did not want to answer he
simply failed to hear. This was a thing
that could be done with great ease ' and
without any appearance of discourtesy,
as the general was on the hurricane deck
of the transport while the questioner was
away below on the deck of a tug.
In speaking of his voyage home General
Is delighted with the Americans and Is
very glad to be under the shelter of the
stars and stripes.
From Sulu the Warren went to Hong
kong and there General Wheeler and his
daughter were the guests ¦of the Gov
ernor. A stay of four days was made,
during which time the shlD was coaled.
The next stopping place was- Guam: and
there none of the crew of the transport
were . allowed 'to land. ? The Warren re
mained five days and during that time the
general and his party visited all the points
of interest in the island. From Guam the
Warren went to Honolulu, where another
stop of five days was made, and then the
prow ,of the good ship was turned for
home. - . ¦
There were no new cases of plague In
the islands since the Australia •ailed, but,
nevertheless, the quarantine officer would
not take any chances and 'the Warren
was ordered to Angel Island.
Praise for the Islands.
General Wheeler is enthusiastic over
the new possessions of the United States.
He says it only requires American brains
and American push to make the Phlllp-
Dlnea. Sulus and Guam the most produceC-: C D.*Pentony. O. C: Aoar Kurzmrfp,
St. 'G."A."C.; Joseph F. RensTand.-- St.* G.
A C: L>. T.'Chalker; O. C; H. Haustchi,
Vl E.: "William Nelson, St; G. A. C t >-•-
• Light. 135 pounds— Max Wiley, Roch«?t2r
Club- J. "W. Rhodes, Reliance Club;;C. H.
Wilson O. C; Gus Klotz, Stadum A.'C. ".
Welter. MS pounds— Max Wiley. • Rcctics
ter Cltob; J.* H. Spiro, O. C: R. S. Wlxoc,
Reliance Club; O. W. DaTis.O.^C.; C.,S.
Pray, O. C. : Fred Hofftnan, E. \ . '.
Middle. 158 pounds— Max Wiley. Roches
ter Club; F. Haberly, San'Franctsco Turn
Verein: William Noethig. O. C: F. Eatew.
O. C; Fred Hoffman. V. E.; Dan Ma
honey, O. C. -™_ , "
Heavy— F. Haberly, San Francisco .Turn
Verein; George Hlldebrand, O. C.; Chna
Person, Reliance. - . . *
CLEVER AMATEUR ATHLETES TO BATTLE FOR SUPREMACY AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB
BAJ A CAI-I FORN I A
Damiana Bitters
19.I 9 . ¦*• G I IE A T RKSTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. .-
_The most wonderful ' aphrodUlao and Special
'SSJ 0 f? r th «- Sexual Organs for both sexes.
Tb * M***?* 1 * R«n:edy for Diseases of the Kld-
"•*• S? d B 'a<lder. Sells on Its own merits.
_L".NABER. ALFS * BRUNE. Agents.
a Market street. S. F.-c3*nJ tor CixcuUr>.
Thinking:; About
Summer Suit ? -
I Bee me if you want a
perfect-flttlnjr salt mnJo
from the very' latest' all-
wool materials. " '
What Is nicer' than a
nice. - . dressy suit ? for
sprina; ' and summer
wear? •
I make the best suits
and charge ,23 per cent
less than other tailors.
Butts from #12.30.
Joe Poheim
. ' The Tailor,
UlO-im Market sV '
201-203 Montgomery st.
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
No -More Drugs !
During the last five years fcm
thousand people have testified to
their cures by Dr. McLaughlin's
Electoic Belt after the. failure! of
drug treatment. It cures all Nervr
ous Troubles, Weakness of. Men
''and.W omen*, Lame Back, Rheuma-
tism, etc., in a natural manner, by
replacing the vitality in the weak-
ened organs.
Dr. McLaughmVs Booklet is full
of testimonials and good news to
stick people. It is free.
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin.
702 Market St.. cor. Kearny, S. F.;; Buriiclc
Block, cor. Spring- and Second sts.. Los Angele*.
TnE;;;sAy;;VF,R^yois^
mm
m/^ iUfftrnm iXiMnf- Failing Mam.
W3 «( orj, 6>lt>eplrt«Ha*«. etc., csiwed br o»»r-
Sf _V work and ladiscrotioiu. They qviektm
> > «*«to amrelv rastoro Lost Vitality la old
U fjf or yoaoc, and fit a man fcr e'-udr. bo*j-
asffvV^ k. De * s or pl'xwora. Prsmat Insanity ani
if Ukea in time. Their
dm thaws i mm ad late lxnprovamaat and effect a CUJU3
whatwall others fail. loaUt QpnnhannKthaganoiaaj
Ajax Tablets. They haro corad thoxisaoda and will
cure yea. We trire a pox id-re writtan gnarantww ta of.
fact a cure In each ease or refund the money. Prio*
Rflrta por^packay. or sU packa«t«» Ifall tr^t.
WblOi ment) for 53.00 by mail, in plain wraptar.
upon ree«lpt ofpric*. CirculAntzae.
AJAX REMEDY CO., 'l^ct^^-
»or anle In a F. by L*lcmJt» * Co.. No pgw
cestace Drue C*.. Owl Drus Co.. %. «% Okkl'4.
t
Tfc 1 V i /^r 1 Lo * ated °n Market ¦
rALALc street - *»i«<*« ;
1 rlLtt V*V proximity to busU ?
*"'""""AWfl ~ "ess section, place.* i
All II of amusement and "
ill/ AM 1 1 MO -¦with baths-at- ¦
II MX All 1/ tached. The largest
' • • and finest hotels *n ' '
HAXCI Cthe. worlds Amerl-
nil I CLj can and European !
- plan. ¦ . ¦<. '?• ,
DUMALL'S EEIN VIGOR ATORfciggj
¦ Flva -hundreJ rewarJ for any §2&~ : %£j&
case we cannot cure. This tecr^t 3^* •flpl
remedy stops all ' tosses In 24 J . » B
hours. c\ires - Emissions. ' Impo- Jj Kj|
teacy. Vaiicoc«l», Gonorrhoea, !?in tTffl
Ule«t. Fit*. Strtcturen. Lo 3t3 t 'jk±J U^la
Manhood and all wasting effects Pw__£fl9
ot self-abusa or excesses. Sent ' — —^
•ealed. 12 bottle: 8 bottles |j; iroaranteed to
cure any cane. Addrena HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland. CaU, Al*o
for sale at 1073* i Market St.. S. F. Al»-pV»vat»
diseases quickly eurad.* Band for free bOSk.
AL FRESCO BREAKS DOWN.
Tony I/icalzi'sTTseful Handicap Horse
May Bace No More.
*NEW ORLEANS, March s.— Agitator
and Tom Mlddlfton were the only beaten
favorites to-day. L The stewards fined
Jockey. J. rMillerr MilIer 150 and- suspended him
for the remainder 6f the meeting ' for his
careless riding of Wedding Guest in the
first race, which resulted in the disquali
fication of that horse. W. C. Fessenden's
Baraterla, which wrenched his ankle In
his last race about ten days ago, was shot
this morning, blood pulson having set
in. Tony Licalzi's Al Fresco, which was
Injured in the Oakland handicap on Satur
day, has broken down completely. The
track was* fast. Results:^* "^ >„;-
Fix Furlongs,' selling— Lomond won.' Azua sec
ond. Ttldee third. Time, 1:15U- Wedding: Guest
finished second, but was disqualified.
Seven furlongs— Cherry Iyaf won. Tobe Payne
second, J. R. Cine third. Time, 1:27^4. 4
• Mile an<l an eighth.- selling— Donna Rita won.
Jimp second, Pat Garrett third.. Time, l:f.6H.
Mile and a. half, handicap— Sidney Lucas wpn.
Strangest second. Kyrat third. Time. 2:44%. .
Mile, felling— Sea Kni&ht won.- Loyalty sec
ond. Mtta Koss third. Time. 1:41%.
Plx and a half furlones— Lady Callahan Won.
Maggie J>a>ls second, Tyran third. Time, 1:22.
Women at a Prizefight.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., March 6.— Jimmy
Murray of Cincinnati and Joe Youngs: of
Buffalo fought twenty fast rounds to" a
Chaw bef ore "the Hot >SprinK» Athletic
Club this afternoon. About 1000 spectators
were present. Including , a'- dozen women.
Turner Defeats Williams.
LOS ANGELES, /March s.— Rufe" Tur
ner (colored) of Stockton was given a de
cision over Kid Williams at , the Los
Angeles Athletic Club to-night on • a foul
In the twelfth, round. .Turnerhad.the Kid
going, after a terrible punching, and Wil
liams wrestled to save himself * from' a
Norris' Animal Show.
Norrls & Rqwe's trained animal, show 13
crowding the Mechanics', Pavilion _ tvery
afternoon and evenings with the old and
the young. ,¦ The marvelous performance
given by the three hundred animaf'actors
creates wonder and nmusement, and'an
entertainment of surpassing interest Is ap
preciated by.-those-who attend. : Since its
last, visit here the entertainment has'been
lengthened, and the dumb brutes who fur
nish pleasure for the i spectators-. ' go
through .their acts with<greater precision.
Handsome [.new. apparatus" adds to th*»
acts, most of which are realistlCvana
startling. Every Inch of space in. the big
Pavilion Is needed. to comfortably seat the
multitudes that- attend the performances.
The - children. .'derive ' great 'enjoyment • in
watching the antics of the pets, and spend
hours' feeding / the .'little animals ,wlth
sweets. The shows are scheduled, to re
main here but. sixteen days, and it is.cer
tain.that;the management will have to
extend its stay - because :of ¦ the -desire .of
every one to see the wonderful'perform
ance. • '¦:¦¦¦•¦'¦; ¦;/;¦¦ ¦- .-. • ¦ : -.;...'
knockout. -Tommy Ryan, Jeffries' trainer
was the referee. •¦ - • - • •¦
GILDERSLEEVE CRITICIZED
Stanford Men Object to the Appoint-
ment of Yost as Coach.
Special D*^>atch to The Call. , ¦
STANFORD UNrVERSTTT, March 5.—
A storm that bids fair to seriously Involve
the leaders in football matters is gather
ing at Stanford University. The cause of
the trouble Is -Manager Gildersleeve's ap
pointment of F. H. . Yost to' coach th<«
cardinal squad this fall. Many . of th«
athletes feel that if Chamberlain is not
to come back his successor should at least
be a man who brings with him the pres
tige of, one of the big Eastern colleges
The objection to Yost Is that he comt-a
from a small college, and •Is not . known
to the leaders of -the college game -in the
East..' •- ?-s '¦ •. , f-. ; . v-:
The leader of the discontented faction
is Captain Burnett, who ; is 'to lead the
cardinal team through.thet season, and
on whom • more ¦ than i any other man ' the
outcome of next -year's game depends.
With him are the graduate coachers and
a large part of the student body. They
feel that . Glldersleeve should ¦. have can
vassed the. field more thoroughly .before
he made his choice.- ,. " ¦¦¦¦¦;¦ .
Burnett stated:hls complaint before the
student executive committee to-day, and
was unofHclally 1 promised' that the-con
tract with Yost will not be-authorlzed
without hiss having a hearing.- At the
meeting next Wednesday both captain
and manager! will be present," when it is
hoped the differences-, will be.a micably
settled. .: . -. :• ?
Creedon Knocks Out Weinig.
BUFFAI>O, N. T.,: March s.— Dan Cree
don knocked out Al.Welnig ln^ the tenth
round at the Olympic Club to-night ¦ The
men fought with science,' and both- were
covered with blood after the 'third- round
Welnlg was terribly •punished.,' •• ¦
Nolan and Lewis Draw.
DENVER, March r is— Walter -Nolan of
Chicago and Billy Lewis of Denver fought
a. ten-round draw.before the Olympic Ath
letic Club here to-night. ¦:;;'¦*. -*, ¦ ¦>
Trunkß, valises, pocketbooks and travel -
ing sets. Immense assortment at Sanborn
& ..Vail's.*- c- i-. -v-i ;-;?"•¦ ;.,v ' =¦¦ -- - ?^;,<:. ( . -..-:•-¦
Time— H. :2S; H, :49Vi: *i. l:l5Vi- . Fair start, won all out. second and third drivlne Win
ner. O. W. Scctt'B eh. m.. by Imp. Inverness-Bonlta. Ben Ledl ridden In perfect style Cor
morant outfooted. Pomplno had a rough passage. High Hoe was sore. Sybarin a dlsap-*
. polntment. Novla almost left at the post. Scratched— Andrisa 109, Headwater 108
HOUNDS EVENLY
MATCHED IN THE
MIDWEEK SPORT
Forty-Eight High^Class Dogs
Will Chase: Hares at
' r Z r Onion Park.
A very. [evenly, matched ,'mldweek '¦ stake
was drawn last .night in* Pythian Castle,
ito be run' at Union coursing pol"k to-mor
"row.- 'Among "the- new performer* % are
Bagpipe, Lady. Peach and • Louise, : and
their, efforts* Mill be watched'. w}th Interest
by experts. The prizes to be' contested for
are: .Winner, $50; runner-up,- $30;, third.
$20; next three," $15 each; next six, $7 50
each, and, next, twelve $s.each> r ,\ ;.;• *<!
'" The probable winners in ', the "first
round are: Shootover, Silver Lion,
Mountain Beauty'; Cash, < -Random ¦Aim,
Singleton,. Magneto, Maid of Erin,. May.
Hemstead, Jesse Moore, One Spot, -. Best
Assured, Silver Wings, Said Pasha, So
phie, Athena, .Motto, Commodore,- Silent
Treasure, Gold Hill, Wild Nora, -JVlcKln
ley, Agamemnon and Glen Roy. •
Midweek stake, of forty-eight entries:
A. Johnson'a Lowlandere vs. J. - (yDowd'e
Shootover; Irwln & Ijyon'B' Silver Islon-vs. "M.
London's' Battle-Ax* A. L. Austin's Loe An
geles vb. A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty; Cur
tis &- Son's Cash vb. ¦ J. Smith's Merced;. D.
Winder's Random Aim vs. J. -"M. Carroll's Co
lumbia; Mnher & Reid's Singleton ; vs. Lowe
& Thompson's Bagpipe; M. London's Magneto
vs. It. L. . Taylor (names) Winnlne - Lassie;
Aenld Kennels' Maid of £>in vs. R. L.-Tay
lor's Torment; Aenld Kennels' Aeneas ; vs.
Pasha Kennels' May Hemstead; W.I R. • Cra
mer'^. Jesse. Moorp Vs. Lowe "i .Thompson's
Little Fulton; F. A. McComb's One Soot vs.
C. Graw's Lady Peach; Pasha Kennels' Rest
Assured vs. P. Doyle's "Wild Monarch; R. L.
Taylor' (names) Rowdy Boy. vs. Irwln &
Lyon's Silver Wines; J.M. Halton (names)
Said Pasha vs. F. A. McComb's Sweet ¦ Faver
dale- J. D. Cardenell's Thornhill Comet vs. S.
B. Portell's Sophlf;-E.- Casserly's Silence vs.
Aenld Kennel's Athena.;, J. Horn's Bonaflde vs.
F. A.' McComb's Motto: Curtis & Son's Com
modore vs. S. E. Portell's I»uise;^J. Moonny's
Silent Treasure- vs.- F. C. Mack's Delia M; J.
Segrgereon's Gold Hill vb. S. B. Portell's Laurel
wood II; :J. Smith's l<ahcashlre Lass' vs.
Charles Dormer's Wild Nora; Curtis & Son's
MnKlnley vs.. Maher & Reid's Nellie Bawn; S.
E. Portell's Gallagher vs. ¦ Aenid Kennels'
Agamemnon; A. Michelek's Glen Roy vb. B.
Casserly's Lady Blanch. . ,
SPENCER HAS
NIGHTMARE ON
COMBERMARE
Eases the Fast Colt Up and
Is Beaten Out by Thorpe
on Lucidia.
Spencer, the frapped saddle artist, cre
ated a mild Ber.sa.tion at Oakland yester
day by getting the two-year-old Comber
mere beaten, after looking a 1 to 20
chance in the stretch. The youngster
was a heavily played .favorite, and out
footing his lield a block at the commence
ment. Spencer, while tramping through
the deep and inuaay tooting uext .. tne
rail,, began taking up his -.-mount. .Thorpe,
astride Lucidla, the second choice, never
<iuit riding, and catching the tavorite op
posite the paddock, -won out in a. 1 .hard
Ortve by a uecit. If Spencer continues
riding in his present form he will soon be
a drug on the market.
The different events were very common
place, in which favorites captured but
two purses.
For the first event, a six furlong selling
run. with a field of eleven starters, both
Isaline and Gussie Fay opened up at 5 to
2. The coin went in on Isaline. cutting her
odds to 6 to 5, and after shaking off the
60 to 1 shot, Pidalia, the Sink Hllr won
easily. Louise Hayman drew out of the
bunch the last part, taking the show. -
Barney Schreiber's colt ¦ Boundlee went
to the post a 7 to It) favorite for the dash
over the Futurity course, and was kept
busy winning at the wir«. Clarando, a 40
to 1 shot, displayed a high turn of speed,
compelling IJullman to ride the first
choice out. Orion ran an indifferent
third.
A long price worked'qnite a difference
in the speed of Scotch Plaid. The ring
laid 7 and 8 to 1 against his chances in
tne mile njn. decided under selling condi
tions. After Silver Tone, the favorite, and
Perseu* had raced away in the lead to
the stretch. Jenkins moved up with Scotch
Plaid, beating the first choice out hand
ily at the stand. Show honors -went to
Perseus.
Horton furnished the surprise In th*e
fifth event, a mile and a'slxteenth' sellidg
affair. Wyoming opened an even money
chance, but as it was .figured the holding
mu<l would not be to his liking, the price
wfnt to E to 2. while Morinel -closed fa
vorite. There was- a mild play on- Bishop
Reed, and th 0 old rogue tip-toed away in
front. le:U3!ng to' within ' forty • yards,
where T. Walsh came with a I'ush on
Horton. winning by less than a Jength.
Jtforinel was third. . . . _ . . ; „ ,
Marley Kittleman's mud lark Cormbrant
was made the medium of ouite a* plunge
in the closing run. over six furtongfe.- Dur
ing the excitement. - Ben ~Ledl. • almost
overlooked at 10 to 1 with SpehCer Up,' cut
out the pace and Yon cleverly, 'with Cor
morant two lengths ajray.* Peace was led
out for the show by JYimpino., ' _ .. ; ;
Track Notes.
Dr. Rowell. owner of Imperious, yester
day present**! "Pug" Devin with i3i¥) for
piloting the Hurns-handieap winner.- • •
. Dr. X^mbula turned one of his plates,
which arcountod for tho horp^ stopping
so -suddenly in the big handicap on Satur-
The judges decided that In future the
ctatry of Bishop Kecd would not be 'ac
cept r-d. In and- out running caused the
ruling.
Scotch Plaid was bid up $300 over his
rolling price of 1400 by J. O. Howson.
The grand old mare Geraldine died at
?Capa stock farm on Saturday last in giv
ing Wrth to a coit foal by Imp. Crichton.
Inuring her racing career, "Gerry," as she
was affectionately, termed, was a winner
on nearly every track In the country, and
lier record of 4G seconds for half a
mile still stands. The chestnut mare
pcored hfT greatest 'fuccess while racing
in the colors of Senator It. • Porter Ashe.
and only by a fluke <lid *he lose the'iTo-:
boKgan handicait to Fi<lep. ' . •• ' •
Miller & Blazer yesterday purt'ha*.^.«l
Decoy from Frank Doss. x
To-Day's Entries.
Flrrt rare — Five and a halt furlonjr*; three
ypar-oldp; »*llinif.
CM Fine Bhot 112; fcfis 11. Thatcher.... lo»
K4, -Aborigine .. 1«S, 729 San Tomas 112
MX Antler 10» : K36 Burdoc.' „,..;. .'.109
744 Pt. Anthony — U* ><s romlns; E%-ent..107
<w;s) Mountebank ...109; 539 Morelia 107
£09 Fairfax 112 i 7r.0 Silver 8u11i0n.. 112
Second race— Futurity course; four-ye»r-old»
and upward; •elllntt.
KC3 Fkirmish lOi *76 Pat Murphy.. ..llo
... Periwig lie 778, Hannah neld..U)4
... ('hri*tla« ......10R Ka. Aimoner .......WB
573 Tlburon ...... ..W 862 De ISlalse 109
576 Ricardo ¦ 110 647 Mlsi Mar10n.. ..104
, ... El Mldo 106
Third race— Three and . a half furlongs;
maiden two-yenr-old fllließ.
... Irate 115! ... Eola La*g in
... Too Hot US ... Xellpourle 115
... M. Hildreth.-...115 ... Sea Bans m
... I'nderirrowth -115 ... Eonic us
... Kitty t/undy..-115l ... Mm. Brunell...Us
... Angle. P mi <:\r'. r
Fourth rac— Seven furlongs: three-year-olds;
pelllni?. " " - . „
STI Pteel Dlamond.lll! 846 Essence ..C m
830 Nance O"NelI..10» (569) Matt Ho*an....lXl
X* P. r>«nTObaum.lll| S?l Choteau n*
87S Loch Katrine.. loB i(RSC) Tekla 114
Fifth race— One mile and an eighth; four
}-ear-olda and upward; fell Inc.
W3 Uarda 100! 877 Malay 10S
C 770) Ootobed ..105]<872) Caeiake ........109
(i"C) Ldy BrttannlclOO. SSS Tappan ........101
Professor ' George Melhllng, wrestling In
structor of the Olympic Club, feels conn-
neighborhood of the Olympic Club and are
receiving the benefit of Trainer Al Lean s
skill. Lean is devoting as much care to
his aggregation as he did to the Berkeley
football team during his two years ser
vice at the university. The men took a
brisk walk yesterday morning to .clear
their pipes, and "in the afternoon boxed
and wrestled In private at the club.- Only
a; chosen few were permitted to watch
them at work, but the fortunate ones af
terward said the Easterners work in their
chosen lines was a revelation. ¦'.<¦..„.
The local- athletes declare positively that
they will not allow their Eastern rivals to
carry trophies -home with them. They
feel 'that- the glory, of .the Golden State is
at stake and vow to put forth their great
est endeavors to uphold .Western supre
macy. James E. Britt. who is entered in
the lightweight class, is conceded to be a
dangerous man. He has trained faith
fully during the past two weeks at Blank
en's and Kern Villa and has had the bene
fit of the knowledge and experience, of
Jack Stelzner, "Cocker" Boyle and, other
clever rtngsters. . Brltt's friends- are so
confident that he will make a good "show
ing that theyare trying to secure a'spe
cial match with Scholes for him.. %.
Max Wiley of ¦ the Rochester \ Athletic
Club -Is entered in. three classes in- the
wrestling tournament." Wiley Is known to
be a brilliant performer on the mat, but
Special* table of Imported -.bonnets at
Keith's next Friday and Saturday. •
> The bacilli are found; in the, sputa, 1 and
It is aettled. . by repeated I researches that
tuberculosis : is spread ? nearly . exclusively
by; dried sputum.--;'. • .*-, . (
Death by the Gas Route.
¦ Adrian ' '-Vlllanueba*.'; a : -r Mexicans-was
found dead yesterday . afternoon ¦ In'a!lodg
ing-house" at 301 1 Montgomery^ avenue. Gas
escaping from the man's, room J attracted
the attention; of the landlord, >who; forced
an entrance? and ¦¦ found Villanueba dead
in bed. with ; the gas Jet turned. on. De
ceased 'was •an electrician and about : 4o
years of age. He had been" drinking heav
ily of late and had threatened to commit
suicide.- .- Some • of : his friends " say- that
death ' resulted . from carelessness on • the
part of the landlord i in shutting 'Off- the
gas at tfae-meterMate'at night. -• "' ;
Olympia.
The Olympla management - presents a
good blll'thls week.- Tod Sloan's sister is
still a favorite an.d last night Trlxeda and
Ouhama came in for a p large share of the
honors . •;; ,'.• .•¦•.. • -¦':
I RUSSIAN 1
iciGARETTESI
| With Mouthpiece |
S 1Q cents for 1O 2
X ¦ Honopoi Tobacco Works z
Coal mining Is developing rapidly In
Canada... In Nova Scotia both the areas
worked and the number of mines show a
great increase. ~ .- ¦ .¦ . ¦ ¦
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; free " handicap. . . ,
8«1 The Fretter....looWS7s) Rio Ch100......1<M
SR3 Pamplno 102 S4O Potente 122
(577) Imperious 10« 8«7 Oood Hope 90
Selections for To-Day.
Firnt race— San Tomas, - Silver Bullion,
Mountebank. * -*[ : £ '
Second race— El ' Mldo. Periwig. Miss Marion.
Third race— No s^lectlojis.
Fourth race— Essence, JTeVJa. Matt Hogan.
Fifth race— Gotobed. Castake, Malay.
Sixth rac«»— TSood Hope. Potent«, Imperious.'
ARTICLES SIGNED BY
SHARKEY AND FITZ
Twenty-Five Bound 'Bout to' Bo
Fought During the First Week .
': . '¦*"¦¦ :of August.
NEW YORK, March 5,— Tom ; Sharkey
and Bob , Fitzsimmons -signed . articles "of
a greement to-day for a twenty-fl ve-Tound
bout before the club offering the largest
purse during the first week of August, the
winner to take all the purse. Marquis of
Queen«berry rules will-govern. The men
and the club are each, to put up a' forfeit
of *5000. ¦ . - ;'¦.¦ : • .. • .
Bids for the fight will be : opened . at 8
p. m., on March 19, by. Al Smith at. the
Hotel Delavan,' this city, and the club of
fering the best inducements will receive
the award at. that- time. , , . . ?
BS2. THIRD RACE — Four furlongs: two-year-olds: purse, $400.
Time— 3-16. :IS%; 7-16, :«: 5Hf. l:10H- Good start. "Won easily, second eaally, third driving.
Winner. W. B. Sink Jr.'s b. f., by imp. Cleveden-Rebecca. Winner best ridden. For Free
dom away poorly. Gussle Fay will win some day. Scratched— Maydine 107, Mildred Hughes
107. ' '
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900, by H. H. Eebert.)
OAKT.ANT> RACETRACK. Monday. March 5, 1900.— Weather showery- Tracfe^lieavy^
Hattie Belle Ladd as Honeycomb's daugh
ter and Bessie Fairbairn as Mrs. Honey
comb had all congenial parts.
Orpheum.
There are three way above the ordi
nary first-class specialties at the Or
pheum this week, and they are so good
that they amply atone for the mediocrity
of some ot the others. The first is the
"Smedley Sketch Club," the pivotal at
tractions of which are two wonderfully
clever children in the dramatic line, who
do the balcony scene from "Romeo and
Juliet" in a manner that would put to
shame the ordinary amateur. The sketch
.is .one of the best .that have been seen
on the Orpheum stage, and winds up with
a pretty tableau. Newhouse^and Ward
are 'emperors at riding the bicycle, either
in the comic or serious vein. Anna Whit
ney's bicycle story is a little too long for
the quallt}'. " Her singing Is more of a suc
cess.. The Si Hassan Ben All troupe of
acrobats are agile and. speedy tumblers
and make one dizzy to look at them. The
holdovers— the Passparts, Pauline Moran,
the Franks trio, Trovollo and the bio
graph—are as welcome and as enjoyable
as ever.
Tivoli.
Eight week 3 ago the Tlvoll presented
"The Idol's' Eye" to the theater-goers* of
.this. cUy;. but Judging by the large, aud
-which greeted , the.; popular, comic
opera last rrigirt the pnblic still craves for
it. Its run has been surprising' and bids
fair to snrpaaa_thatjof "Ship Ahoy," which
was presented at the same theater a year
ago: -- Ferris Hartman has a new batch of
Jokes and -BomV topical songs that ars
bound to "keep er' humming." The "Hoot
Mon" of Alf Whelan is as furirty as ever,
and the clever impersonator of that dif
ficult role has added a few new wrinkle 3
that arouse great mirth. The chorus has
a number of new dances and pretty cos
tumes. -The >ladles In the principal rolea
have songs to delight the ear, and, in fact,
the production has so many features that
it can ,be seen and enjoyed as .on the first
occasion. ' - »;;.?'•. -'£
California,
. ! The second performance of. Edwin C.
Jepson's melodrama, "Darkest Russia,"
at the California Theater, drew a fairly
large ' audience fast' night.. There was,
however, no room to spare in the upper
part of the - house, from which Issued
rounds- of applause or storms of hisses,
as the situations on the stage demanded.
The company worked in harmony and the
members received several hearty calls be
fore the curtain. On the afternoons -of
the 6th, 7th and Bth and evenings of the
12th;" 13th and 14th the California Theater
will present the much anticipated Wag
nerlan concerts,- In which such great art
ists as Mme. Gad ski, David Bispham and.
Walter Damrosch ? will appear. -
Chutes.
The Chutes .theater has one of the
strongest bills ever offered this week. The
Gordon. sisters in their descriptive and up
to-date" songs have made a pronounced hit.
Lulaine and Darrell present one of the
best Roman ring acts ever seen here. The
Bartons -in" a new sketch continue to win
rounds of applause. The Del Zartos in
their beautiful . dances, the little Bennett
; sisters In Bowery impersonations, Joe
Crotty the comedian. Major. Mite in his
great success, "King of "Coons," and the
moving. pictures' of. 'the African war com
plete a great programme.- On Thursday
night the amateurs. will hold forth, the
feature of which will be the lady coop
ers' chorus. - i - ..•.¦-•
Columbia.
."Age cannot wither , nor custom stale"
the'"Old.Homestead,"-now In its second
week at the Columbia Theater. To see this
play, with its rustic" simplicity and
quaint humor, is but to cultivate a' desire
to go again. AH those who have culti
vated that wish may visit the '^Home
stead for several nights yet to come, as
Denman Thompson and his play -are to
be with us all this week- ; ; -
BUSTLING FUN
IN ALCAZAR'S
FRENCH FARCE
First Local Performance of
"Never Again" Makes
a Great Hit.
IT IS to laugh. "¦ I have been' waiting
patiently these two years for a local
production of "Never Again," which
I have been describing as the funniest
French farce "that ever happened. It
was presented last night at j the Al
cazar, and turned out to be the fmost
humorous diversion we have had in many
a mooru . ' ' ; j .', i J., ' ':.'.: .'. - , '*' ' ¦'
;.,The, company .handled the wild' comedy
With'becpmlng extravagance, and there is
little to criticize in their mad workman
shlpi.'¦¦>' '.-»¦'• •<¦ SJiw t» ;-?¦>¦.•/!.' -.. :-!:>•'»?
"'•" "Never Again" Is a simple hurricane of
fun, and the Alcazar: company succeeded
in making it thoroughly mirthful. Con
trasted with the clever Frohrnan, people,
who grappled the characters with a. subtle
understanding of comedy values, the work
of our modest stock company can hardly
bo called masterful, but what they, lack
in finesse they make up In enthusiasm
¦ and the boisterous humor of the < farce
igoes with a gallop. "•--'¦• • ¦;!
1 In the second act the action is cyclonic
and the audience shaky with laughter;
everything Is overdone and nobody cares;
.actors ana audience Join in. the whoop-la
and merriment, carries the night. •
. Ernest , Hastings is given prominence
and earns it in the part of Herr Katzen-
Jammer: He not only knows his part,
¦ but carries it' off-with admirable effect.
The eccentric make-up and German, ac
cent are tests of his. fitness for character
work-iand he manages both with;surpris
ing cleverness. ¦ JefTrey Williams makes
¦as much of his part as any one could,-ex
cept E. M. Holland, whom he again Iml-
: tates. He counterfeits the Holland voice
and copies the Holland grimace and but
for an abbreviation: of .Holland's- never
failing thoroughness in pantomime and
'by-play his fac simile would be perfect.
Even without originality' Mr. Williams is
clever and the Alcazar Company has a
valuable member in one who can so
cleverly mimic one of the character stars
of -the stage. ? - -
The company works hard to. make
"Never Again", go and it succeeds. Tor It
goes with a whirr from beginning to end.
- . . -¦ - n.. . PORTER. GARNETT,
: . ' Grand Opera-House.
. Girl from Paris", captivated" a
•large audience at. the Grand Opera-house
last night, and , when ; the catchy songs
.'become ipore. 4 familiar^ there will 'not b«
the same lack of encores as prevailed on
the initial presentation. It Is Justly called
, a ''musical eccentricity," and ..from, the
•opening, chorus to the finale v there- are
songs, duets, quartets and concerted
pieces 'lnnumerable. • The most popular
¦were the- duet, --"I'm-- All the <Way from
Gay Paree," by ' Edith Mason and Edwin
Hanford," who -made his first appearance
and ¦ created a ' most ' favorable impression
as M. Augusta' Pompier, a French spy;
quartet, "Cock-a-doodle," by" Edith Ma
son. Bessie Fairbairn, Edwin . Hanford
land Arthur Wooley; song, "Sister Mary
Jane's Top .Note.", by Bella Hart; song.
"The Girl. from. Paris." Edith Mason -and
song, "Trust Me. With Tour Heart
Again," Hattie Belle Ladd., ,WllHam
Wolff as proprietor of the Spa Hotel, Ar
thur Wooley as Ebenezer Honeycomb, a
"Shining j Light" ; Thomas .H. . Persse as
¦ Major Fossdyke, WlnfredGoff as a young
barrister, Edith Mason as. Mile. Bon-Bon,
ALL is in. readiness at the Olympic
Club for the boxing and wrestling
tournament which will be Inaugu
rated to-night. The blw gymnasium
has been converted into, an ideal
;f rrria and seats have been arranged to
comfortably accomodate 2CKW spectators.
The entries in the various classes are fit
v> struggle for honors ,and there Is every
likelihood that the followers of amateur
sport srill enjoy a treat wliich will last
five days. A large advance pale of tickets
lias been recorded and the institution will
in all probability be recouped for moneys
cutlayed in bringing the seven athletes
from the East to contest against the best
that this city an*! vicinity .can produce in
the two prominrnt sports.
Thirteen boxing bouts will be seen on
the initial night. The members of the
f;eatner-w<>tght, special 125 pounds, light
weight and heavyweight divisions, will
furnish the opening night's eport. Every
man who stops under the ropes to assert
fcis ability as a boxer has faithfully train
ed for the events and will be capable of
enduring punishment without flinching or
suffering from after effects. Every entry
has been examined as to his' qualifications
as an amateur by the Pacific Coast-Ama
teur Athletic. Association. 'and all ¦ have
been foujid to be within the requirements.
When the gong sounds for the opening
bout Jack Kitchen,- "the well-known 1 ama
teur champion heavyweight, and one of
the most popular -referees on' the cpast,
will officiate ln< his usual capacity. He has
been chosen to act as referee. because of
his knowledge of the fistic pastime and
the amateur rules which govern such con
tests. Stewart Carter arid Elmer Fentress,
two .Tclever amateur boxers, ¦: will' act -in
the capacity of Judges. Fred Bute, the
well-known foot racer and handball play
er, . will act as timekeeper, and' "Bob",
McGlbbon will officiate as announcer. . ; -?
Great" Interest is being centered •in the
Eastern boxers and"- wrestlers, and their
appearance in the arena will be the signal
for great cheering, a* the local followers
of athletics admire the pluck of the young
fellows who crossed the Continent to do
battle with- perfect strangers.. J. <L.
Scholes Jr.. amateur of Eng
land,, Canada and United States, and WU
11am Rodenbach, a three-times tourna
ment winner, will'be seen ¦ to-night in the
ring. Splendid reports of. their prowess
have preceded them, and their showing
will.be watched with deep Interest. .
The Eastern athletes are housed in the
dent that some of his pupils will -make
him hustle lively to retain nis laurels.
Wrestling- has always been a • favorite"
pastime at the local institution and many
clever men have been' developed. In the
lightweight, class ; Wiley will be pitted
against some good material. Should he be
drawn to wrestle J. H.. Spiro he-will meet
an opponent who is his equal In build and
strength. Spiro is said to be the strong
est man , In the club, and- he- has been
taught how to use his tremendous powers
to advantage. " ' ¦ ; ¦ : . ..; '
' C. S. Pray, who is entered in the welter
weight class, is. a, coming man in wrest
ling. He has only been at the sport a
short time, but has steadily. Improved and
is now looked upon as a dangerous man.
The Reliance Club has sent" a number of
good men to represent it in the tourna
ment, and other amateur ¦ organizations
are alike well represented. - •• ...
¦•¦ The wrestling bouts will be presented
to-morrow night. A large number of con
tests will be held and the spectators will
have an opportunity of Judging. the merits
of most of . the entries. • ...
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed an ordinance granting the Olym
pic Club permission -to hold the boxing
tournament and fixing its license at $100
a year. The usual charge Is $1000 a year,
but for such clubs as the Olympic, which
only permits amateur contests, the
amount Is set at a very low figure. At
the close- of the tournament the club in
tends to keep- the Eastern contingent here
another ' week and- entertain" them in re
turn for their efforts. •
The corrected list of entries In the box-
Ing and wrestling events are as follows:
BOXING.
Feather-weight,' 115 pounds^-N. •L. Oil
feather, Daniel . Danzlger, Andrew Rouke,
George Murphy, Bob Lawrence, F. Mc-
Connell Jr., R. Martin and William
Schoenbein. --..¦¦- . ._¦¦ ¦•
Special,, 125 pounds— W. J. Leonard. F.
McDonald, J. L. Scholes Jr. and Joe Sul
livan. - -.¦"¦¦¦ ...:.-. i
Lightweight, 133 pounds— Robert" Har
rlgan, W. H. Hammersly. James Mulli
gan. D. Carroll, George Eager, Joseph A.
Rock. James E. Britt, T. H. Clements,
W. J. Gooby and E. Berry.
"VVelterwelerht. 145 pounds— J. J. Duke
low, Joseph Doyle. Al Doyle, H. M.
Fincke, J. J. Groom, James Pallas,
•Thomas Marlch, S. Berger and FVC. Wer
ner.- ? - • . ¦ . ", . ' --; r - , .
Middle-weight, 158 pounds— S." Simpson,
'W.-J. Rodenbach, Joseph <- Millet. James
Doyle, Thomas Doyle and George Tantau.
Heavy-weight— C. -Nilwaxd, J. A." Mon
roe, Charles Galllvan. W. J. Rodenbach. 1
WRESTLERS. ' ; .
1 Special,. 123 pounds— J. , A. Mackenzie, O.
BSO. FIRST RACE—FIve and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-old miles; purse.- $350.
881. SECOND RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
Ti m e_To H. :21*i: to %, :46<4; last %. 1:«2: short %. 1:12*4. Good etart. Won cleverly, sec
ond and third driving. Winner. B. Schrelber's br. c, by Boundless-Parolee. Boundlee .
" .ridden hard- last furlong. Clarando hard to guess. Orion- not , up ¦ very close.. .Monrdvla;
"could not come on. Vlorls quit. Scratched— Bona 94, Pat Murphy 112. J|ynlt 1M : \ -^'^': .
Time—^4. :23«4: H 5wT Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, Burns & "Waterhouse's
b. f.. by Buckmaster-Hetty Brisss. Spencer, while traveling through the deepest going.
easel up and was collared. Carilee liked the mud. Laura Marie best pn a fast track. In
trepido ran stranp»ly. _ _¦_ _' r _ •_"_ '_ '
BS3. FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Time— U. :26: %. :51; %, 1:16>4: mile. 1:43. Fair start. ¦ Won first three drlvlnßrTWinner, Wil
liam Cahlll's b. it., by Imp. Midlothian-Mottle. Scotch Plaid a smart horse to-day at the
jir!c«». Prrseu* trvik t tie run out of Silver Tone. ¦•
KB4. FIFTH-RACE — One mile and a sixteenth; Felling; four-year-old ¦ and up: purse, J4OO.
Time— l-10. ¦MA: fi-l«. :8I; 9-16. :56*4: 13-16. 1:«H; mile. 1:4S:1 l-16m. 1:49H- Good start.
Won flirt three drivinsr. Winner. E. F. Smith"* cH. h.. ty El Rayo-Fuslllade's Last. Win
ner made a fcreat »tretch run. Had Henry kept closer to rail, he would have won.- Wyom
"hl^SCuM^o^Oin^niii^hh^^
S.SS. -SIXTH HACK — Six furlongs; Belling; three-year-old* and upward; purse, $400
4
Index. . . Horse. . . TTelght. St.;
S3B Isa!ln« 107 S
7U Pidalla, 107 1
S6S- -Louise •Hayman J ...107 S
501 Tanobe 107 7
502 For Freedom 107|10
K7 Oussle Fay 107 2
71S Fille dOr 107 5
863 G»lene 107 9
S5O -n-inyah 107 8
71S Nettle Clark 107 4
*m-
... ¦¦: ¦ . IBettinjr.
Sm. Str. ' .'. Fin. Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
!3 l.h ... 12 E. Ross 6-2 3-2
IIX . j 4*-v ;.„ 2 5 Ri»«man :40: 40 60
6 2 6 1 ... 8M- GaXtney 10 ' 12
7 H 3 H ... '* 4 h Henry 7 10
6 h 8 3 ... 6 1 Jenkins i.. 4 8
Sh 7V, ... 6 1 IMorse :. B-2 7-2
10 4 1 ... 7 2 JRule ........... 10 60
6 H 6 1 ... 8 2 Buchanan .... 20 30
g\4 10 ... 9 3 Bullman 5 10
4 H 9 2 ... 10 I. Povrell 20 50
Index. Horse. 'Age. Weight. |St.
535 Boundfee. 3 107! 2
KE2 Clarando. 4 . m 4
876 Orion, a 106 6
SS2 Limerick. 3 104| 6
S7« Monrovia, a 1021 S
.830 Jolly Briton, 3 88 8
852 Gold Baron, 4 104! 7
SS7 Vloriß. 4 1141 1
gCS Frank Puffy. ....... 99| 9
Mm.
1 h
4 2
5 h
7 5
3 V,
8 1
« 1
2 2
9 '
%m. Str
1 S
2 4
4 1
6 2
6 1
8 8
7 1
8* :::
Fin.
1 1
. 2 5
8 2
4 n
E 6
6 6
7 2
8 S
9
| Jockey. • |Op. Cl.
Bullman 3-5 -7-19
Liogue 15 - 49
Jenkins ... 6 6
Henry 5 7
T. TValßh 4 5
Fauntleroy ... BO 150
K. Ross 30 60
PUffOtt ....... 8 15
Helnson ......'. 60 200
rf.d»x. Horec.
"$««" Liuridia
(SSS) Combermer* .
... Carlle^
S> Laura Marie
858 Loneliness .-. .
(SK) Intrepido ....
Weight. !St.
1151 2
USI 1
V»\ B
115 6
lllj 4
115| 3
«m.
%m.
24
14
4 1
6
Str.
2 2
14
8 4 .
4>4 •
6
5 1
Fin.
1 h
if
. 8 4
•48
B 8
6
| Jockeys. |Op. " Cl. :
iThorpe ........ 2 6-2
ISpencer I 3-2
Henry ....;.... 15 60
(Jenkins ....... 6-2 6
IRulz 40 100
iDullman ....:. 6 8
nd*x. Hem-Aye, Weight. |St.
565 Scotch Plaid. 5 ....109! S
7SO Silver Tone. 4.. .....109 1
£72 Perseus, a ..1051 1
R73 Momentum, 6 ..;... 1121 4
579 Uarda. 5 ........... .108 6
&7« Dare 11. g....V.......105| 5
Urn.
S h
2 2
In
4 2
6%
Km. %m.
jij 4 6
2 4 II
1h 2 1
44 S H
51 5 8
« 6
Str.
3 2
1 h
2 H
4 2
5 5
g
Fin. | Jockeya. ¦ |Op. Cl.
IV4 jJenklna I 8 T
2 6 Spencer 1 4-B
t 1 - Henry „ 4 4
4 3 Ruiz 10 80
6 8 Thorpe 5 8
6 T. Wa15h...... 8 30
ndex. Horse. Age. Welght.|Bt.
SIS Horton, 4: 1041. 6
560 Bishop HwJ, 6 .10Sl 3
873 Morine!. 5 If* 1
£78 Captive, a 112 2
RSJ None Such. 8....:.:.10S 4
?72 Wyomln*. a 105 5
*Zh Red Pirate. 4 104 7
Mm.
7
1 6
3*4
2 1
4 2
5 h
64
< h
1 «
3 2
• Mi
4 2
7
5 h
« j
1 5
2 h
33
4 S
7
5 h
Str.
\?
2 2
8 1
5*4
6 h
¦ 7-
Fin. | Jockpya. |Op. Cl
H4 T. Wa15h...... 5 i
2 3 Henry 8 !
3 2 Jenkins 6-2 13-t
4 h Spencer ....... 5 I
625 Bozeman ..... 20-7!
8 S . Bullman ....;. 1' 6-i
7 " E. Ross 6 •I!
Index. Horee. Age. Weight. |gt.
~fcVl "hen Led!. 4 112] 1
<S2l) Cormorant, 4 till 8
MS Pomplno, 4 1071 4
?73 Peace. 4 1031 2
M 7 MiKh Hoe. 5 lftCl 5
¦834 Sybaris. 5 108] 6
(549) Novta, 5. ...1061 7
Km.
lh
4 >4
2 1
• 6 10
1 H
8 2
4 H
2 1
3H
6 12 •
7
Str.
tli
4H
S h
2H
5 2
¦ 610
7
_FMn^ | Jockeys. |Op. . Cl.
1 8 Br»neer ...'.... B '%
2h Plftpott 9-5 '7-5
3 2 Henry ......... g 12
4 2 J. Martin..;... 6 15
B6 -Jenkins 4 18-5
« H E.- R055. ....... 6 ;11-2
7 T. Walsh 6 15
Index. Horee. Age. Weight. |gt.
~fcVl "hen Led!. 4 112] 1
<S2l) Cormorant, 4 till 8
MS Pomplno, 4 1071 4
?73 Peace. 4 1031 2
M 7 MiKh Hoe. 5 lftCl 5
¦834 Sybaris. 5 108] 6
(549) Novta, 5. ...1061 7
Km.
lh
4 >4
2 1
• 6 10
1 H
8 2
4 H
2 1
3H
6 12 •
7
Str.
tli
4H
S h
2H
5 2
¦ 610
7
_FMn^ | Jockeys. |Op. . Cl.
1 8 Br»neer ...'.... B '%
2h Plftpott 9-5 '7-5
3 2 Henry ......... g 12
4 2 J. Martin..;... 6 15
B6 -Jenkins 4 18-5
« H E.- R055. ....... 6 ;11-2
7 T. Walsh 6 15
Index. . . Horse. . . TTelght. St.;
S3B Isa!ln« 107 S
7U Pidalla, 107 1
S6S- -Louise •Hayman J ...107 S
501 Tanobe 107 7
502 For Freedom 107|10
K7 Oussle Fay 107 2
71S Fille dOr 107 5
863 G»lene 107 9
S5O -n-inyah 107 8
71S Nettle Clark 107 4
*m-
... ¦¦: ¦ . IBettinjr.
Sm. Str. ' .'. Fin. Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
!3 l.h ... 12 E. Ross 6-2 3-2
IIX . j 4*-v ;.„ 2 5 Ri»«man :40: 40 60
6 2 6 1 ... 8M- GaXtney 10 ' 12
7 H 3 H ... '* 4 h Henry 7 10
6 h 8 3 ... 6 1 Jenkins i.. 4 8
Sh 7V, ... 6 1 IMorse :. B-2 7-2
10 4 1 ... 7 2 JRule ........... 10 60
6 H 6 1 ... 8 2 Buchanan .... 20 30
g\4 10 ... 9 3 Bullman 5 10
4 H 9 2 ... 10 I. Povrell 20 50
Index. Horse. 'Age. Weight. |St.
535 Boundfee. 3 107! 2
KE2 Clarando. 4 . m 4
876 Orion, a 106 6
SS2 Limerick. 3 104| 6
S7« Monrovia, a 1021 S
.830 Jolly Briton, 3 88 8
852 Gold Baron, 4 104! 7
SS7 Vloriß. 4 1141 1
gCS Frank Puffy. ....... 99| 9
Mm.
1 h
4 2
5 h
7 5
3 V,
8 1
« 1
2 2
9 '
%m. Str
1 S
2 4
4 1
6 2
6 1
8 8
7 1
8* :::
Fin.
1 1
. 2 5
8 2
4 n
E 6
6 6
7 2
8 S
9
| Jockey. • |Op. Cl.
Bullman 3-5 -7-19
Liogue 15 - 49
Jenkins ... 6 6
Henry 5 7
T. TValßh 4 5
Fauntleroy ... BO 150
K. Ross 30 60
PUffOtt ....... 8 15
Helnson ......'. 60 200
rf.d»x. Horec.
"$««" Liuridia
(SSS) Combermer* .
... Carlle^
S> Laura Marie
858 Loneliness .-. .
(SK) Intrepido ....
Weight. !St.
1151 2
USI 1
V»\ B
115 6
lllj 4
115| 3
«m.
%m.
24
14
4 1
6
Str.
2 2
14
8 4 .
4>4 •
6
5 1
Fin.
1 h
if
. 8 4
•48
B 8
6
| Jockeys. |Op. " Cl. :
iThorpe ........ 2 6-2
ISpencer I 3-2
Henry ....;.... 15 60
(Jenkins ....... 6-2 6
IRulz 40 100
iDullman ....:. 6 8
nd*x. Hem-Aye, Weight. |St.
565 Scotch Plaid. 5 ....109! S
7SO Silver Tone. 4.. .....109 1
£72 Perseus, a ..1051 1
R73 Momentum, 6 ..;... 1121 4
579 Uarda. 5 ........... .108 6
&7« Dare 11. g....V.......105| 5
Urn.
S h
2 2
In
4 2
6%
Km. %m.
jij 4 6
2 4 II
1h 2 1
44 S H
51 5 8
« 6
Str.
3 2
1 h
2 H
4 2
5 5
g
Fin. | Jockeya. ¦ |Op. Cl.
IV4 jJenklna I 8 T
2 6 Spencer 1 4-B
t 1 - Henry „ 4 4
4 3 Ruiz 10 80
6 8 Thorpe 5 8
6 T. Wa15h...... 8 30
ndex. Horse. Age. Welght.|Bt.
SIS Horton, 4: 1041. 6
560 Bishop HwJ, 6 .10Sl 3
873 Morine!. 5 If* 1
£78 Captive, a 112 2
RSJ None Such. 8....:.:.10S 4
?72 Wyomln*. a 105 5
*Zh Red Pirate. 4 104 7
Mm.
7
1 6
3*4
2 1
4 2
5 h
64
< h
1 «
3 2
• Mi
4 2
7
5 h
« j
1 5
2 h
33
4 S
7
5 h
Str.
\?
2 2
8 1
5*4
6 h
¦ 7-
Fin. | Jockpya. |Op. Cl
H4 T. Wa15h...... 5 i
2 3 Henry 8 !
3 2 Jenkins 6-2 13-t
4 h Spencer ....... 5 I
625 Bozeman ..... 20-7!
8 S . Bullman ....;. 1' 6-i
7 " E. Ross 6 •I!"Keith' b.", i The ", fine array ,.; of walking:
hats alone will pay -you for. at call -at
'Keith's • opening next ¦¦ Friday and , Sat-
urdnv. SOS Market street. . * .¦"
Copper Company Exonerated.
REDDING. March s.— The management
of the Iron -Mountain mine has been com
pletely exonerated . by . a Coroner's Jury
from any blame in the recent. mine disas
ter. The inquest upon the remains of the
five bodies so far recovered was com
pleted to-day. In the verdict ' cause of
death is given as accidental. The jurors
particularly mentioned that' no blame
should be attached to the Mountain Cop
per Company. General Manager Lewis T.
Wright or Mine Superintendent "T. C.
Archer. ¦ None of the remaining bodies
have yet been recovered. •
Rustic Initials In sterling silver and sold
for fine pocketbooks at 25c, 40c and 75c
each. Gilt initials *and lettering In gold
free of charge. -Sanborn. Vail & Co , 741
Market street. . •
Standard Optical Co., 217 Kearny St., leading
opticians. All work guaranteed; prices low. •
WRECK AVERTED.
Engineer's Presence of Mind Saves
a Train.
REDDING, March 5. — The presence of
mind of Engineer Silsby, in charge of the
southbound California express due ' here
from Portland at 10 a. m., saved the train,
from being wrecked this morning. While
running at a high rate of speed the train
rounded a curve a mile below Castella,
when Engineer Sllsby, who was on the
lookout, saw a barrier of rocks across the
track a short distance ahead. He Instant
ly grasped his throttle and applied th*>
air brakes. The train slid along, impelled
by the tremendous impetus, but came to a
standstill in time to avoid a collision with
the mass.
A large number of rocks, some of them
weighing several tons, had fallen down
the nlll and completely blocked the track.
The section crew from Castella was soon
on the scene and by rapid work managed
to clear and repair the track In two and
a half hours and the train proceeded.
SENATOR THOMAS R. BARD.
gramme for. myself. - I must be here for
some time as a sort of an apprentice in
a general way, though I may say that I
will support the policy of the administra
tion, including that of expansion."
"How about the Porto Rican tariff?"
"I am not so sure about that," said Mr:
Bard. "I must take a little time to think
it over/ The question of irrigation is, of
course, an important one to the people
of our State, and there Is considerable
agitation now in favor of protecting our
vast forests, by making Government res
ervations of them for the purpdse of con
serving the water supply. The mining of
petroleum is also a matter that should be
regulated." • - ¦ ' \ ,
Mr. Bard's committee rooms were as
signed to him this morning. They are In
the Senate Annex, just north of t,he Cap
itol building, on New Jersey avemie. The
rooms arc immediately over those occu
pied by Senator Perkins. R. W. Gates of
Los Angeles, who was for several years
the' private secretary of Senator White,
will act in that capacity for the new Sen
ator and will be assisted by William M.
Hilliker of Lob Angeles. -
Senator Bard and- family will remain at
the Nofmandle, in McPherson square, for
the present.
CARTER DECLARES HE
WILL VOTE FOR QUAY
WASHINGTON, March s.— Carter of
Montana dealt vigorously with the Quay,
case jin the v Senate, to-day ' in ¦ the couf ?e
of an explanation as-, to why he, would
vote 'for the former Senator from Penn
sylvania, notwithstanding that he voted
against the seating of. Corbett, in the lart
Congress, g -. : : . .._
When the conference report on the tinan
cial bill was called" up ' Teller of ' Colorado
resumed his speech- opposing its adoption.
The proposed ' .legislation, he ' believed,
would be disastrous to the country and
was the culmination, of -an' effort- begun
soon after the, civil war to make money
dearer' by destroying one-half themetnllic
money of the, world. -Under it great for
tunes would be acquired by the rich, while
the poor would be made poorer, ft
The pension appropriation bill, whicn
appropriates $145,245,230, was passed, and
then- Carter- of Montana addressed the
Senate in favor of seating Quay, as Sen
ator from Pennsylvania.- He 'argued' tho t
the constitution contemplated that, tl-e
seats in the Senate always should be kept
full. • • ¦ . ¦ >: -•?;•... .
Referring to the- precedents of the Man
tle. Allen and Beckwith cases, Carter de
clared that the silver question really .hfc.l
decided those cases, but added' that not
withstanding .the administration . opposed
seating Mantle because of silver, tha.. gen
tleman would have ; been seated if the
pairs had been properly arranged . on . tha t
vote, and Allen and Beckwith also would
have been seated, as their cases were do
pendent upon the decision in the Mantle
"Thus," he said, "in 1893 a technicalir-y
made the recorded verdict of the Senate
the reverse- of its real judgment." ;;. . -
As to the* Corbett case Carter said:
My vote was ¦ recorded against Corbett. and
it would. -be registered ¦ in the same-way again
on the same state. of facts. The Oregon .Legis
lature was prevented organizing until after the
time, limit of carrying . Into effect the will of
the people had expired, and It was believed by
many that Corbett .was the inspiring genius
of . that -revolutionary conduct. A. large .num
ber of Senators voted against, Corbett. because
his appointment was regarded , as the culmina
tion of a conspiracy ; against the . government
of his State. • -•"';'.¦; ;; '" ! :: ''•"=-' ' :V
Mr. Quay was made the victim of a court In
Pennsylvania. ¦ An" indictment . was returned
against him, and; thus* the machinery of -the
courts was set -Into -operation against ; him to
hold the members of the Legislature from per
forming their' <Juty\ln ¦¦ the election ' of a , feena-
Wheri the,, Legislature adjourned/, this man
faced a Jury and. 'l believe.' never, challenged
a. single « Juror, offered. ¦•-> After the ? trial had
proceeded . to its < end, -. the 5 case ¦ was ¦ submitted
to > the '.¦Jury.', and*, in* an s Incredibly ; short ;tlme
they brought in a verdict of not guilty. .- -
. I do not believe that • this • country has ever
witne»sed • such another deep. dark, damnable,'
diabolical plot to destroy a man's. political or
private character. -./-•.¦ v; :¦-' ; >'.i*i''yi
. Fairbanks of Indiana then* delivered '< .1
set speech In support of the conferencerc
port.on the financial blll.v which bill, h«
declared, marked a large : and Intelligent
step forward In our monetary history. .:
¦ Foraker of Ohio '¦ gave notice of .' amend
ments to the Porto Rican, bill, imposing. a
duty of 5 cents a pound on coffee,- chicory
root and chicory Imported into Porto Rlc..;
and to prevent the Importation from Port*
Democratic nominee, has served In
the Utah Territorial Legislature, as
County Attorney of Utah County
and as City Attorney of Prove In
July, 189<. he was appointed Asso
ciate Justice of the Supreme Court
of Utah by President Cleveland, and
was confirmed by the Senate. He
continued In the office until the ad
vent fOt statehood, January 4i 1596,
Hgjwas then elected to the Fifty
flftn Congress as a Democrat.
JUDGE TAFT IS
NOT IN FAVOR
OF EXPANSION
New President of the Phil
ippine Commission Op
poses Imperialism.
Sensational Reply to the Speech of a
Friend Who Denounced the Pol
icy of the Adminis
tration.
CINCINNATI, March s.— The compli
mentary dinner given to-night af the
Queen City Club to Judge William H.
Taft, the recently appointed president of
the Philippine Commission, by his friends
and neighbors, was unique In its elegance
and in its goodwill. The hundred sub
stantial citizens who took this method of
bidding farewell to their friend Included
the representative men of . Cincinnati, j
Among the speakers was Judge Judson
Harmon, who was Attorney General un
der the last Cleveland administration and
whose association with Judge Taft at tho
Cincinnati bar has been contemporaneous.
He created a sensation in his opening
sentence, though It was understood the
company had not been chosen with the
view ¦of political harmony. Judge Har
mon, in part, said:
If you had met to approve the general course
of the Government with respect to the Phil
ippines I should not be here. For a hundred
years we contented ourselves with words of
sympathy for peoples struggling, as we once
struggled, for ireedom and Independence.
Here, for the first ttme, an opportunity came
to help in such a struggle without breaking
our settled policy. We Joined ranks with th«
native patriots against the common enemy.
Whether any one made or was authorized to
make promises to them is of no consequence.
Our history and principles are ¦ a perpetual
promise; and no one will deny that when the
Killpinos Joined forces with us they believed,
and we knew they believed, that success would
mean the fulfillment of their hopes. • • •
When we came to terms of peace It was our
duty to put an end to the claims of Spain. As
to all the territory, except a few square miles,
these were the barest of pretensions, but Span
ish greed and other greed might - make a
speculative asset of them to the Injury of our
allies. This was the only possible justifica
tion for the direction to our commissioners
to purchase these claims, and we naturally
expected some, declaration of trust. Ho did
our aJlles. But it soon turned out that. In
stead of buying off the King' of Spain, tue
Government bought him out and • proposed to
realize on the investment.
Spain Bunkoed Uncle Sam.
Our only real war followed— a war which a
word would have averted If our Government
had been willing to say it, and whose victories
aroused no gladness In our people like those
over Spain. The Government got absolutely
nothing by the treaty with Spain except color
of title to a small part of the territory, and
consequent color of right to make war on the
inhabitants without action by Congress. What
ever It now holds (save what It got by treaty
with the Sultan of Sulu). It has acquired by
conquest from them, and not otherwise, and
It U still engaged in perfecting and extending
such conquest. We now hear the usual plea
of the doers of doubtful things— the deed Is
done. It Is too late to discuss it. • •.. •
It is never too late to retrace a mlsstea. to
right or undo a wrong. If the people shall de
cide that no nation Is good enough to rule an
other nation without the other nation's consent;
If they shall remember what It cost us to cast
out the heresy that the great principles of lib
erty did not apply to black men and shall re
fuse to re-kmbrace It as to brown ones; If they
shall conclude that this country cannot long
exist part vassal and part free, as th«y found
it could not live part slave and partfre«, then
there will be no difficulty in doing what we
ought to have done In the beginning— leave the
Filipinos to manage their own affairs, and
serve notice to the world that they are under
our protection. ,
Judge Harmon declared that the ques
tion would never be settled until it was
settled right. In the meantime, he said.
It was the duty of the United States to
provide a Government for the islands.
While the President's right to make reg
ulations in the nature ol laws was doubt
ful, Judge Harmon said, his right and
duty to provide agencies for enforcing the
laws werexlear. He discussed most forci
bly a,nd af length the great. work before
the new Filipino Commission, and in a
most eloquent eulogy on Judge Taft de
clared that no man in the whole country
could have been selected who was better
qualified than Judge William H. Taft for
the great mission that awaited him.
. Taft Not an Expansionist.
: The silence -which marked the opening
remarks by Judge Harmon was intense.
At length when applause broke out it was
followed by a remark In the room, "Just
four of you." But when Judge Harmon
declared the duty of th<? Government to
be the establishment of "¦ a protectorate
over the Islands the applause was con
tinued. He produced undisguised sur
prise when he hinted that one of the best
qualifications of Judge Taft for this mis
sion was the fact that he was not an ex
pansionist.
Judge Taft, who followed, spoke for an
hour, devoting much time to his asso
ciates of trie Cincinnati bar, ' the Cincin
nati University and municipal and State
politics and with feeling words of thanks
for the tributes of his friends. Coming to
the topic of the Philippines, he said in
part:.. . /
The commission, is/not organized.^ Its mem
bers have . not conferred : together. •'-, I > sDeak,
theref ore. " f or myself alone. I^lke Judge Har
mon.' and unlike Chairman Ingalls, If am not
now and never have been an expansionist. I
¦have always hoped that the Jurisdiction of our
nation would ; not | extend beyond territory I be
tween the two oceans. • We have not solved all
the problems of popular .. government \so per
fectly as to Justify our voluntarily seeking more
difficult ¦ ones abroad. , ¦•¦¦¦:-¦• y
-RE\/.. F»ETER. C; YORKE.
FATHER YORKE'S discourse Sunday
night on "The Social Evil" has cre
ated, a most profound sensation In
the community. His_ assertions that
San Francisco's morals are in a de
plorable condition and that society.
winks at all sins provided the sinner is
not found out Is a statement so bold in its
meaning as to fairly startle the populacp.'
The argument so often 'advanced of the
necessity of the social evil was attacked
in unmeasured terms by the eloquent
speaker. ; ...
Social Evil Will. Always Exist. ¦
"Whenever the question is. raised there
is never any serious speculation about the
possibility of its extirpation," said Father
Yorke. "Men of the world laugh at such
a thought. The social evil always has befn
and always will be. We may debate about
regulating of it, about keeping it within
bounds, about curbing its excesses,' but
the thing itself, they hold, must exist in
some form or other. It is human nature;
they say. and human nature is the court
of last resort. iVf ¦•_•-.
"Moreover, they hold it is universal. The
world has no belief in purity. It knows
only its own experiences.- It knows how
strong the passions of the body are. how
early they come to maturity, "how quickly
they cloud the mind and master the heart.
They know how weak reason is against
them, and knowing no other power it docs
not believe that they can be conquered.
Hence the world scoffs at the very taei
of successful and continued self-restraint.
It mocks the claims of chastity; it is glad
when a public scandal seems to Justify its
principles. It has itself been worsted in
the battle, and. such is the meanness of
its Intellectual make that It cannot take
In the idea that others may succeed who
flght with other weapons.
Sin of Being- Found Out. »
"Besides Its maxims the world has its
laws or rather, its law, to regulate tnis
evil That law is summed up in the word
respectability— do not be found out. We
are compelled to make certain concessions
to the moral sense of our souls, and that
concession will be to hide the evil. Blessed
are they that are not found out. If they
are found out they have broken the
world's law. and the world has its punlsii
ment That punishment Is characteristic
of the world that Is of the animal. The
woman is branded and cast out. and
women, unfortunately, are her bitterest
accusers and her severest Judges and her
most savage executionists. As .for. tho
man, the censure of the world -Is- much
lignter. By society he is very easily for
given; though In public life the penalty Is
greater. " Your own memory will call back
to you many. Instances of men who : were
driven .Into- obscurity because they..com
mitted the unpardonable sin of -being
found out.'! • • • . . • • « ' ,
No Effort to Hide Our Shame.
¦The eminent divine said that California
—and San Francisco In .particular.—over
looks the conventions of outward decorum
and' respectability which the world Itself
imposes; that it makes no effort te hide
its social evil, but flaunts it intf.e'face
of decency and allows It to creep around
the churches and the schools and to in
trude Itself ¦in some cases even- to -the
family fireside. Continuing, Father Torke
said: •-•_"¦ ---
.".There. is some excuse for those visitors
who' make only a short stay here and see
only the- most obvious-features* of our
town, and who go away declaring that
San Francisco is the worst cit>"'Tn the
world and the very vestibule of the In
fernal regions. . . ¦
Not Choice in Our Company.'
¦ "I think I am not making a rash-asser
tion when I say that society here Is far
more easy in its 'conditions of public mo
rality than society in any other, part of
America, not 'to speak of the rest .of the
world. People are received and -welcomed,
many of whom In other communities
would be excluded from respectable doors.
It is this- practice and this general -feeling
that make it unsafe for a rich man'- with a
character to lose to die- In '.California.
There have been so. many strange cases,
and they have been made so little of that
a jury Is more or less disposed to'take It
for granted that any accusation and every
claim must be well founded. *ftt*r ?
"Hence the Interminable lawsuits, the
swearing: and the ' counter-sweorlhgr. the
examination and the cross-examination
and the turninp of . family closets -Inside
out and. the breaking down of the. walls
of whlted sepulchres which have 'given
California within the- last quarter..' of a
century such a peculiar name. • .
"In honorable marriage alone' may men
follow that Instinct which God -has Im
planted in them for ' the preservation of
the race, but outside of that state, there
Is no compromise. Nay, more, not only
are acts forbidden, but also Is every im
proper word, every carnal thought. "We
cannot yield ono single fraction or an Inch
to the body." . ~ •, "- .
Father Yorke s Scathing Address Creates
a Sensation.
Charges That Every Offense Against Decency
Is Pardonable Here if the Sinner Is
Not Found Out. L
SAYS SOCIETY WINKS
AT THE SOCIAL EVIL
AUCTION SALE
Gump Collection
? O* 3 ! EUROPEAN • . .
I PAINTINGS
: WHi Continue Every Evening During This Weak at 8 O'clock
?¦•-•••¦.• • : . • * '"'¦
: Wednesday, Thursday and Friday Afternoons at 2 O'clock,
NATIVE SONS' HALL >- - - - 414 MASON STREET
. ' ]. ; '.A. W. LOUOERBACK, Auctioneer.
Pain in Head/
aching back with sharp pains shooting to back of neck and base
of brain, fever, chills, scalding eyes, cough; hoarseness, sore
throat— grip makes his presence known in no uncertain way.
He goes at ycu with a vengence, and before you are aware he has
you prostrated- Why not drive tho grip out of your system
before he gets such a hold on you that you cannot get away? A
few bottles of Dr. Miles' Nervine will fix you up all right. It
strengthens and invigorates the nerves and gives them the power
to search out and kill the germs of disease. It whets the appe-
tite, aids dige-tion and makes new, rich blood to take the place
of poisoned products that are driven off.
"I was taken with a cold and pains in m~ head and back, ¦which were followed
with chills and fever and _«>eral prostration. I was confined to my bed and
called a physician who told me I had a severe dose of _np; bat all the medicine
he _a>e roe did me no C oo<- 1 thought th{ pain in my back and up- into my
braia would drive roe crazy. Then I be<jan taking Dr. Miles' Nervine and by
the time I had u&ed one-half of the s^ond bottle I was able to return to tar
J. C. Helfrey, 4122 Main St. Pitubure, Pean. i
D*- Miles' Nervine
Is sold at all drug stores on a positive guar-
antee. Write for free adrtce and-booklet to
Or. MHes Medical Oompany. Elkharx, Indiana.
__Hf^___________l 3 > :J-f.--'..''- •'?•¦:,..¦..;..-¦¦¦.„.. '« ...-
MATZOS ! Jm» MATZOSI
PRICES SLAUGHTERED BT EUECTRICTrT.
The 'Western Matzo Co. has changed from th.
old system to the modern style. of baking Mat-
zos by electricity.- Therefore we are ablethls
season to sell Mat zos at the small sum of FIVE
CENTS PER POUND. We Invite you to call at
our factory snd I examine our goods, and you
will find them first-class and fresh baked every
day. Send your orders early to our offices. 433
Sixth st. 543 or 955 Folsom st. B. LiANOEN-
DORF. SHENSON A CO.
Shoe sale going on. 717 Market st., nr. 3d.*
Pro-Boer Meeting.
LOS ANGELES, March 5.— A call has
been issued by Boer sympathizers here
for a mass meeting on Wednesday night
to frame a petition to the United - States
Government, asking that the United
States Intervene in the interests of peace
in the Transvaal. i; . •- :..
gallons, except on a physician's prescrip
tion for medicinal purposes.
Rico to the United States of goods or
products not actually of Porto Rican ori-
Butler of North Carolina followed with a
brief general discussion of the financial
question, particularly attacking the power
which he said was conferred upon the
national banks by the pending bill.
DE VRIES STRIKES AT
THE PAPER COMBINE
Introduces a Rssolution Directing the
Attorney General to, Proceed
t .Against the Trust.
WASHINGTON, March 5.— Representa
tive de Vries of California, to-day intro
duced a joint resolution for the repeal of
duties on .white or printing paper and the
material from which. It .is made, and . di
recting the 1 Attorney General to proceed
under; the anti-trust law against those
maintaining a monopoly in such paper and
material.^ The resolution recites that the
existing duty of $6 per ton greatly aids i In
the maintenance of. the .monopoly. . that
the price of paper has been Increased CO
per cent to the consumer and that this re
sult is a menace to popular education and
the dissemir.ation of information. .
FREE TRADE AMENDMENT.
i>avis\ Proposed Change in the Porto
?.::',; '¦: : ¦"¦[ ¦• '..: Rican Bill. . / ,
WASHINGTON! March"s.— Senator Da
vis of Minnesota to-day offered an amend
ment :to the Porto- Rican bill.- Its effect
is 'to have the tariff of the United State*
applied l to- Porto Rico upon foreign lm-:
Dorta • but "to allow absolute fr« 4 . trade
between the United .States and Porto
Rico. ¦• _ ' '•" \- - v ¦ .-, - [ ¦¦'•
Laws for Alaska Discussed.
-WASHINGTON, March" s.— The --House
Committee" • on : ; gave , • a
hearing 1 to-day to Governor Brady ? of
Alaska and 'a delegation from that section
concerning the pending bill to establish, a
Territorial form of government for
Alaska.. Most ofithe delegation do not.fa
vor the appointment of a Territorial dele-
Kate to Congress unless he may be chosen
by the people of Alaska. .; Governor Brady
favors the; appointment of a delegate In
case one > be provided for. J The general
conditions of Alaska were reviewed with
a viewy to showing ¦ the f capacity "¦ of ' the
Territory to maintain a regular.Terrltorlal
establishment. ;"y . - <7 ;
To Close Manila Saloons.
WASHINGTON.^ March i 6.— Representa- .
tive"; Gillette .of Massachusetts ; to-day • in
troduced a bill prohibiting the sale of dis
tilled or Intoxicating; liquors In : the .Phil
ipplnes' in quantities of less than twenty
Banaz Is Bankrupt.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WATSONVILLE, March s.— Nick Banaz,
a prominent fruit shipper of this section,
was attached to-day by Sheriff Besse on
behalf of the Pajaro Valley Bank. His
liabilities will reach $20,000, while his. as
i>ets are but 17500. Although Banaz has
made big money In the fruit business, still
for the past few years he has been a good
thing In sporting circles.
R. P. Dtnnlran. dealer In fine liquors, 224
East St., S. F. Branch In. Keswlck. - •
TWO KILLED AND FORTY
INJURED IN A WRECK
Freight Crashes Into a Miners' Train
Carrying Hundreds of In
diana Workmen.
BRAZIL. Ind.. March 5.— A miners'
train carrying four hundred workmen
employed at the mines north of here to
their homes in this city was run into by
a local freight train on the C. and I. at 6
o'clock this evening and the caboose and
two cars were shattered. Melvin Easter
and Charles Cropey were instantly killed
and more than forty persons were se
verely injured, several of whom will die.
Among the injured are: Thomas Bar
rowan, both legs broken; John Dickson,
back broken; Thomas Davis, both arms
broken; John Little, arm broken.
The wreck occurred In a deep cut In the
cer.ter of a short curve. The railroad
company sent a special train and brought
the injured to this city. All the vehicles
obtainable at the livery stable and car
riages from private houses were obtained
to take the men to their respective homes.
Hundreds of women gathered at the depot
and grasped their maimed and -'bleeding
husbands and brothers In their arms when
they were carried from the train.
urer Miss Eliza D. Keith the parlor papseJ
a vote of thanks to Senator Perkins and
Representative de Vries for their efforts
to. preserve the Calaveras big trees from
the woodman's ax. and extended thanks
to the California Club and all who hay»
seconded their efforts. The- parlor also
urges all lovers of nature and all loyal
Americans to work for the preservation
of these monuments ef time and for the
acquisition by the National Government
of the Calaveras big tree tract for a na
tional parts." The secretary was instructed
to notify under seal of the parlor it the
action taken.
Hon. James T. Hammond, Repub
lican nominee, to succeed Brigham
H. Roberts In the House of Repre
sentatives, has held many places of
public trust in Utah. In the trans
formation that came with the
change from Territorial to State
conditions Mr. Hammond was elect
ed Secretary of State, a position he
now occupies and which he has filled
with fidelity and ability.
Hon. William Henry King, the
WHITESIDES
SILENT AS TO
BIG TREES
Refuses to Tell What He
Intended Doing With 1
Them.
MONEY-MAKING PROPOSITION
De Vries' Optimistic Prediction as
to the Fata of His Bill Bids
Fair to Be Re
alized.
Eyecial Dispatch to Tfce Call.
DULUTH, Minn.. March 6.— While the
pood people of California are holding up
their hands in holy horror at the prospect
of losing one of the crowning glories of
the State, the famous Calaveras big tree
prove, the man who is credited with the
Intent to turn those noble giants of the
forest Into prosaic lumber of commerce
Is saying nothing. Bob Whltesides. the
man who has the option on the grove, is
an old-time lumber and iron land dealer
of this city, and. during the years he has
been at It, has gradually worked up a
fortune, much of which has come within
the last few years.
Until recently no one knew he was
branching outside the pine regions of
Northern Minnesota, and It was a sur
prise to hear, not only that he was en
gaged la timber operations In California
en a large scale, but that he had an op
tion on the famous grove of sequoias and
that he had become the bogey man of
the West, because he was credited with
the Intention of putting up a sawmill In
the grove and turning out lumber.
Whitesides' Statement.
To a correspondent of The Call be said
to-day: "That calaveras grove subject Is
cettint a little worn v ith me, but 1 don't
mind telling about it. The lons and short
of It is that 1 have an option on me erove
lor *luO.<«»0 and 1 have paid JIPW to bind it.
On April 1 the option expires, and before
that ume 1 shall pay the remaining jy9,oC>o
and the grove will be Turned over to me.
What do I Intend to do with It? I can
hardly state until I get it. but I wilt say
that it is a business proposition with me
and 1 shall mane money out of It. That
is about all there is to It; at least, all I
care to say about it now."
Mr. Whueside* has already purchased
O<XXi acreg of timber west of the grove, and
the grove came naturally into the sphere
of his operations when he found it could
be bought. It -can be stated, however, he
has never expressed his intention of cut
ting up the trees into lumber. Whether
the idea has been in his head does not
matter, for the sole reason tor the fear
that he Intends to cut down the grove is
that he Is a lumberman, and that when he
has purchased grounds in the past he has
had the idea of turning the trees into lum
ber in view. There is little question that
if he has an opportunity to sell the grove,
either to the Government or to the State
of California, he will do so if It Is to his
advantage.
Opinions of Friends.
Mr. Whitesides is amply able to buy the
ground, and. as ; he states, he will un
doubtedly buy it when the time comes.
As to whether he will set up his sawmill
there, as Californians fear, that is some
thing he refuses to divulge. Among those
who know him best there is a feeling that
this matter, which is of such great mo
ment to the people of California, is a huge
Joke to him. They believe he saw a chance
ro buy the prove for much less than It
was v.-orth and bought it. They do not
believe he will cut down the trees; neither
do they believe that he will put his money
in th<- grove and let it lit* Idle, even though
the public is greatly benefited thereby.
They believe he will have a chance to sell
out at a profit and will accept it, and
whether it proves to be the State of Cali
fornia or the Government the grove will
be safe from vandalism.
Work at Washington.
WASHINGTON. March s.—Representa
tive de Vrks' prediction that he would
have the sequoia big trees grove bill In
the hands of the President for his signa
ture by Wednesday bids fair to be real
ized. The measure as it passed the House
Is now before the Sonate. To-day Sena
tor Hansbrough. chairman of the Public
Lands Committee, was directed to makt
a. favorable report on the bill Introduced
in th» Senate by Perkins at the same time
that De Vries offered his measure In the
House. To-day at the re<jue?t of Perkins
the report was withheld in order that to
morrow morning he can ask unanimous
<-onseiit to substitute the De Vries bill for
his on and thus secure Its immediate
passage. In this way all the time other
wise consumed in engrossing the bill a
Fecond time i* saved. De Vries may even
find It possfble to take the bill to the
White itouse to-morrow evening.
Resolutions From Grangers.
NAPA. March s.— N'apa Granpe No. 307.
Patrons of Husbandry, has adopted the
following:
Whereas. What are known as the Big Trees
of Calaveras County are threatened with de
struction by being sold by their present owner
to become the victims of the woodman's ax;
and.
Whereas, The destruction of these noble
plants of the primeval forest would deprive
California and the world of science of one of
Its rarest treasures ; therefore be It
Resolved. By Napa Grange No. JOT. Patron*
of Husbandry, that we etronely approve the
resolution now before Congr^»« looking to the
acquisition by the United States Government
of the Calaveras hie trees, and do most earn
estly petition all members of Congress to favor
tee itme.
SPARE THE TREES.
At a meeting of Alta Parlor No. 3, Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West, last
Saturday night on motion of Grand Treas-
CANDIDATES FOR SEAT
OF BIGAMIST ROBERTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MABCH 6, ;1900.
BARD TAKES
HIS SEAT IN
THE SENATE
•.'. * ... . ' ¦ '.'¦. '
Oath of Offloe Administered
to the New Member From
- California.
MAKES A FINE IMPRESSION
In an Interview He Declares He Will
Support the Expansion Policy |
. . 'of the.. Adminis-; -^\
tration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.*.- . . :
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON-,- March 5.
—Hon.- Thomas R. .Bard, California's new
Senator, '•was sworn, into office ' immedi
ately after the Senate convened ithls
morning. He was escorted to the Vice
President's desk by Senator Perkins, ' and
the oath was administered by -President
pro tern. : Frye. . Senator, Bard , was imme
diately surrounded by Senators', who, be
ing introduced by Mr.' Perkins; extended
their hearty congratulations.- i Many Sen
ators have been close observers of the
contest at Sacramento and were' aware,
too, of -the -respective merits of. the" aspi
rants.. .-¦ - . ¦ ¦¦¦ '-•
Senator Bard made a fine appearance as
he stood at the Vice.- President's desk to
day. He wore a close-fitting Prince Al
bert coat, and. with his keen, intellectual
face and well-shaped head, crowned with
iron-gray hair, - was ' regarded as ono of
the handsomest Senators in the chamber.
-After the ceremony was concluded Bard
visited the hall cfthe House •of Repre
sentatives, where he was an interested
spectator for a half-hour. He was greet
ed by the California and other, members.
Will Support the Administration.
Senator Bard sakf to The 'Call', corre
spondent to-night: • •• 'I "». • •
."No, I have not mapped out any pro-
"¦'' "' ~~'AD VEBTISEMENTB.
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well- Known
Authority,' Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Out of the chaos of old-time failure comes a
new and startling cure for rupture. Cr. W. B.
Nic«. ta N. I Main st.. Adams. N. T.. -as la-
_B__a^_^^^___B_S9_N_9Dj_^^B_^9___|
*^*C9b)t3bW PxAtß?. j^S___E__|
. mr. chas. langc .
vented a. method that curea without pain.. dan-
ger, operation cr an boar's loss of time from
tha day's work.- To avoid ail questions of ¦
doubt he sends free to every sufferer a free
trial of bis method and there can be no earthly
reason wby any one. rich or poor, should not
•Tall themselves of this generous offer. Aa
aa . instance of this remarkable method, th.
cur* of Charles Lange. Morrison. 111., Is a
welcome piece of Intelligence.- •¦
Mr. Longe is a well preserved old gentleman.
72 years of age and for eighteen years had a
bad double rupture which no treatment could
cops with. After a short use of the Rice
method the left rupture healed entirely and
the right was almost closed in a few weeks.
To-day be Is as sound las a dollar, wears no
truss or other support and his cure Is only one
of hundreds of similar cases reported by those
who use the Rice method. Send for this free
trial. Don't be backward. It will suprise you
with Ita wonderful power to heal. And If you
know of other ruptured people ask them to
write or write for them. Do not fall' to writ*
at once; do so to-day. .
BAD
BREATH
- 1 hsvre beam _.!¦- CASCAKJCTS and s»
a mild and effective laxative they are simply won-
derful. - My dangbter and I were bothered with
sick stomach and our breath was very bad. After
taking a few doses of Cascarets we have Improved
wonderfully. They are a great help In tho family."
WIUIELMIN- tiAGrU
1137 Blltenboose St., Cincinnati. Ohio.
m^F/T_P CATHARTIC
nt/.oe mamm m«iihihd_^^
Pleasant. ¦ Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do
Good, Never 81cken. Weaken, or Gripe. 10c. 35c. SOo.
... ' CURE CONSTIPATION. \ ...
ttTt-g IWrit CMtUf, Cklof*. »««lr«l. S.w T»r*. Sli
M-TA_Dlf* Sold and jrnaran teed by aUdrng-
" I U'DAb gists to CVttE Tobacco Habit?
iiili We**
Men.
Theis Is nothlne like ELECTRICITT to prut
life vim and vlfor Into weak men or women.
Drugs give but. temporary relief; act inertly as
& stimulant, but Electricity flies to an weak
carts of the body. Imparting nature's fore,
thereto and doing the required work surely and
In a permanent manner. If "run down" In
ncalth and strength you had better try Elec-
tricity. *Ts* an Electric Belt, for that Is th.
best method of applying it: but be sur. you get
a good one while you are about it; In short, try
"Dr Plerce's." for it Is guaranteed to be th»
best Electric Belt on earth.
ET "Booklet Xo. 2" free at o/flce or sent by
mall for a 2c stamp, tells all about It- Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
420 Market "street. SAN FRANCISCO.
£8 Tribune Building. NEW TORS.
Specialists for Men
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
' Pay when well. Advice and private book
fre*. office or mall. Horn- cures. Estab-
lished 19 years. • No Injurious medicine used.
Dr. Meyers & Co.
731 Market St.. S. F.
A visit OR- JORDAN'S great S
SIUSEUM OF ANITOMT#
1 CB Kan_ixxssr.w.fc_4Jtt.B.r.cu.i
T QT ' The La— fctt Anatomical Mtncnn in Ui« _
A ___¦__. World.. W*c»koe**c* or any conmct-d A
W __fsßfc ditetie »•—«••*»/ t«r»< by the cddsit W
W 1591 J>p«— »"»«'¦«— «Co__ Esc. 36 year*
A _gff| Df-MOHUUf-fUIYATE DISEASES 0
\ f 4_Hh| Conratration free and strvtfy pnrus. \
A I _Mf Mf Trt nmrnt pfMoiully or br letter. A M
W I flr nl fa*. In* tVr* in e»ery one undertaken. \
Ami ll* - Write far Book. raiE.OSOr«V«f_|
V" i tt' ¦**¦»«¦• MAU.SD FRXS. <A W
\ A It" —rfaabio book tot mm) . ? \
9 Alt. JOIDAX A CO.; KBl Market St.. & P. f
5Dr. Parkhurst has announced that hereafter he will
devote his energies exclusively to his own parish, in
stead of trying to reform New York, and now It is a
»afe prediction, that the parish .will have a hot time.
Incredible but True.
Passengers on the. Union PaclAe rOr»rtan4
Limited" can leav* San Francisco fourteen
hours later and arrlv* In Chicago nearly fly«
hours. earlier than by aav other through car
line. D. W. Hitchcock. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montgom-
ery st.. S. F. ¦¦ ¦¦ _
WHAT THE CABINET WANTS.
IZJDWARD H. COLEMAN contributes to tha
current number of Ainslee's Magazine an article
* — * concerning statements of six members of the
Cabinet as to the work they most desire to see
achieved in their respective departments of the ad
ministration. The six officials are the Secretaries of
War, Navy, Treasury, Interior, Agriculture, and the
Postmaster General, and their views comprise a val
uable compendium of important, measures now be
fore the country, t
The Secretary of War desires mainly the reorgani
zation of the army; the Secretary of the Navy wishes
a settlement of the armor plate controversy, and an
act providing a suitable reward for the naval officers
who took part in the Santiago campaign, as was
given to those who were at Manila, The Secretary of
the Treasury is of course chiefly interested in meas
ures affecting the monetary standard and banking and
currency. The Secretary of the Interior regards a
reform of the pension laws as the most urgent issue
in his department, while the Secretary of Agriculture
seeks to bring about improvement in the highways
of the country and the cultivation of tea in the United
States, and the Postmaster - General, announces his
principal desire to be an act putting an . end to the
abuse of second class postal rates.
Most- of these measures have been so fully discussed
that the public is fairly familiar with what the admin
istration is« doing with respect to*them. The work
of the Department of Agriculture, however, in pro
moting road improvement has been but-little rioted,
owing to the fact that as the National Government has
no control over highways the work of the department
is necessarily confined to educating the . people on
the subject. It can do little that attracts attention,
and the indirect help given does not make much of a
figure in the news of the day.
In a late report the Secretary- in dealing with the
subject, says: "There is a great demand upon the
Department of Agriculture for assistance in road
making, in addressing the students at our Agricultural
Collepjes.'and in giving instruction regarding the best
methods of using what material may be found- con
venient." For the purpose. of obtaining. information
on these questions the Secretary recommends the ap-;
pointment of competent men in each of the great sec
tion* of the Union, who would ascertain and re-jjort
THE COMMERCIAL CONGRESS.
IHJOR the purpose of giving a wide fame to the
I . proceedings of the recent Commercial Con
* gress and perpetuating the; records of the event
the Philadelphia Commercial Museum has published
a handsome quarto volume containing full reports of
the addresses made and work done during the seven
teen days the congress lasted.
From the- record it appears the congress was at
tended by representatives of thirty-eight foreign
Governments and 112 Chambers of Commerce and in
dustrial organizations in all ' parts -of 'the globe, and
there were presented to the congress over 150 papers
on subjects concerning commercial affairs and the
trade interests of nations.
Among the resolutions adopted were . those in
favor of the assimilation of trademark laws and the
establishment of a common standard: in favor of
the extension of the parcels post system; in favor
of a uniform system of gathering and presenting
trade statistics; in favor of an 'international bureau
for the collection and dissemination of the agricultural
reports of commercial nations as to their cereals;
recommending to the various Governments and com
mercial bodies, the Philadelphia Commercial Mu
seum, and enlisting' for it their active co-operation;
in favor of the creation of international courts of ar
bitration; urging the construction of an isthmian
canal on the Western Hemisphere at the earliest prac
ticable-moment; favoring the free exchange of art
and artistic works between nations; and calling atten
tion of capital to the opportunity for the formation of
new international transportation lines. .
The publication of the volume shows the compre
hensive manner in which: the Philadelphia Museum
carries on its work, and will doubtless serve as a
stimulus to: the merchants and manufacturers of this
coast in promoting the Pacific Commercial Museum.
It is. In fact, a notable volume, and one which clearly
marks the beginning of the new era in our commer
cial development
A BAD USE OF THE COURTS.
SUPERINTENDENT HESS, who was brought
from the East to assist in organizing the so
called relief department of the Southern Pacific
Company, is reported by the Chronicle of yesterday to
have given reasons why employes of the road should
accept the terms of relief offered by the road instead
oi relying upon the courts to sustain them in their
lawful rights. In the course of the interview Mr.
Hess is quoted as saying:
"Let us take the case, for instance, of an employe
who is killed. We will say he leaves a wife and sev
.eral children. If the widow is content with the bene
fits which her husband's membership in the relief de
partment entitle her to she will immediately receive
the amount of his death benefit, and would have to
pay no doctors' bills, which, if her husband's death
were preceded by a period of illness, would otherwise
be quite large. If she is not content with these bene
fits and sues the company she will lose all that is corn
ins to her from the relief department and may be
dependent on friends for her living and that of her
children for a considerable period. Her case might
drag along in the courts for several years, and if she
finally secured a judgment you don't suppose the
company would pay it. do you? Railroad companies
don't like to pay judgments in damage suits. The case
would be appealed, and it might be years before she
recovered from the company. By the time she did
get a settlement the amount would probably be en
tirely eaten up with lawyers' fees and other expenses.
It would be much better for her if she accepted the
benefits offered by the relief department."
That statement presents in a clear light one of the
worst evils of corporation tyranny — that of making
the courts serve the purposes of injustice and wrong.
It will be noted that in the case put by. Mr. Hesshe
prants the widow of the employe who was killed has
a right to damages under the law, nor does he deny
the justice of the law, but .asserts that despite the
right and the justice on the side of the widow the
corporation would refuse to pay damages, would take
appeals from one court to another, prolong litiga
tion for years, knowing it was going to be defeated in
the end. but taking satisfaction in the knowledge that
lawyers' fees and other expenses would have "eaten
up" the widow's portion before the end came.
This practice of resorting to the courts and to pro
lrrncjed litigation to defeat the laws of the land has
become a settled policy on the part of aggressive cor
porations. We have an example of it in the course
taken by Wells- Fargo Express Company in shirking
the taxes imposed by the war revenue bill. Suits in
which the right of the corporation to impose a stamp
taoc upon shippers is involved have been heard by the
courts again and a^ain. and in every instance judg
ment has been given against the company; still the
corporation continues to shirk the tax upon the pub
lic and to force a new lawsuit whenever a shipper pro
tests against the wrong.
' It i? clear that in this practice on the part of cor
porations we have an evil for which remedial legisla
tion should be provided. It should not be left in the
power of wealthy corporations to defeat justice by
making its attainment so costly and so difficult that
•icrsons of ordinary fortune cannot achieve it. When
seriously considered there will be found something to
<=tir indipnation in the mind of every just man in this
outspoken declaration of the railroad official that even
when a widow has a pood claim against the corpora
tion her rights will be fought in court after court *o
that "by the time she did get a settlement the amount
would be entirely eaten up by lawyers' fees and other
expenses."
It v;o:iW be well for the Judpes themselves to give
herd' to the bad use which the corporations are thus
mnkirj? of the courts. Our tribunals were established
?n maintain and do justice, not to defeat it: to up
hold law. not to afford a means of evading it
The report that the Dutch are thinking of- asking
annexation to the German empire as a means of es
caping British rapacity is a very good story in its
way, but the Hollanders will not surrender indepen
dence for the sake of avoiding danger until they have
degenerated a long way from what their ancestors
TUESDAY .MARCH 6, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS* Proprietor.
Address All Communications toJV^J-EAKE^M>nager L _
riIILICATIO* OFFICK.. Market and Tlilrd. S. f.
Telephone Malm ibttS.
CDITOniAZ. BOOMS 31T to 221 Ste-rensoa St.
< Telephone Mala IST4.
Oellv-ered l»y Carrier*. 15 Cents) Per Weelc .
Sins;)* Copies. S Cent*.
Terma br Mall. Inelndlnsr Pontairei
nAII-V CALL llnclodlna- Sunday), one year. .»«.?><>
DAIL.Y CALL (Including- Sunday). « month*. . 8.00
IIAII.V CALL (including; Sunday), 8 months.. l.r><>
DAILY CALL — By Slnsrle Month. C»e
M.MJAV CALL One Year I-**?
tti:klKLV CALL One Year 1 -°°
Ail postmasters are authorised to receive
subscription*.
Cample copies will he forwarded when reaaeated
UAKLAAD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGH KROGXBSS.
lUaaftr Foreign AdTertlalna-. Msrqnette Bnlld-
I lav. Chicago.
HEW YORK COHIIESPOKTOEWTt
C a CAKLTOS Hermld Sanare
CHICAGO NEWS STAKDSt
Sherman Hooiei P. O. News) Co.t Great North
ern Hotel; Fremont Houses Auditorium Hotel.
KKW YORK NEWS BTANDSi
Waidorf-Aatorla Hotels A. Brentano, 81 Union
fcaaarei Murray 11111 HoteL
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERHY LCKEAS JR 2» Trlbuno Oalldlnsr
WifcHlXGio.\ O>. C.) OFFlCE.. Welllnrton Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICKS— O2T Montsramerr. corner of
Clay, open nnttl 9t30 o'clock. SOO Haye*.
open until f»::to o'clock. 63» McAUiater. open
until Bt3O o'clock. 61S Larkln. open until
t»3O o'clock. ltMl Mlbblou. open r.ntll 1O
o'clock. 2261 Market, comer Sixteenth, open ,
¦ ntll O o'clock. liriMi Valencia, open until 0
o'clock. HMJ Eleventh, open until O o'clock.
RW. comer Twenty-aecond and Kentucky,
vjien until O o'clock. '^i'.W"
Dr. . Slagert's .* Angostura . Bitters Is tbm beat
remedy for removing " indigestion ' and an d!a»
ea*oa of the digestive organs. ' ' .
" . Dr.* Sanf ord'o Liver In vigorator.
The best liver medicine. '.A vegetable cure for
liver tils, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation. •/
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
< ' The * California ; Limited, Santa JJ 1 * . routa.
Connecting trains l«av» at S p. . m. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Fin «*t
equipped train and best track of , any line ta
the East. . Ticket offlce. S3S Market streec
Personally Conducted Excursion*
In improved wlds-vestibuled Pullman tourist
sleepln* cars via Santa F« rout*. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany the** excur-
sions, to look after the welfare- of paasenmr*.
To CJlcaxo and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday" and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every ' Wednesday. To St. Lout*
every Sunday. To St. Paul every^ Sunday an 4
Friday. Ticket ofHc*. 62S Market street.
Now that Bryan has made his own renomination
fairly certain he would better put in some time arrang
ing matters so that he. will not have another brace of
Vice, Presidential candidates to overdo his ticket as it
was before. . '
The capture of ; a Boer general's handkerchief has
created a spasm of congratulatory excitement among
the British soldiers. They probably considered that
the trophy was worth blowing. over.
To an- enterprising man with an eye to the main
chance Montana during a Clark and Daly campaign
offers more bonanzas .than any gold district from the
Klondike to the Transvaal. / ,
The^ex-School Directors who will escape a trial for
fraud because of a defective indictment probably think
that there is much virtue after allin that "Scotch ver
dict of "Not proven." ..'
• ; ; By this time the '- British taxpayers have concluded
that suzerainty in ; the Transvaal is V pretty 'costly
whistle for Joe Chamberlain to ; play "Rule - Britan
nia", on. • ¦ . ,
The Democrats who_ are fighting ; Bryan may have
something up their sleeves to spring , on the conven
tion, : but it is safe to bet it won't be a laughv r
Logomarsino's Woes.
Stephen Logomarsino ha» sued Roman-
do Logomarsino to recover $30,000 dam-
ages for slander. Plaintiff , alleges that
the defendant charged him: with bigamy
In the hearing of divers persons and said
that he had three or four wives la tha
East, which was a penitentiary offsna*. ¦
Special information supplied dally f>
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main HMX
Pyrography outfits and things to burn
In artists' material • department at &»n-
born & Vails.
Cal. glace fruit 60c per tb atTown»«nd'3. a
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. M. Hale, a Sacramento capitalist, la
staying at the Grand. ' *
•H. McMurchy, the champion wing: shot,
is a guest at the Grand.
B. S. Valentine, an Insurance man of
Fresno, Is a guest at the Lick. -
Dr. J. W. Jesse, . a prominent physician
of Santa Rosa, is registered at the. Grand.
C. D. v Fontana, a well-known mining
man of Copperopolls, is a guest at the
Lick.
Professor Emory Smith of Stanford Is
registered for a' short, stay at the Occi
dental.' : . .
H. F. Doutherty, a wealthy stock raiser
of Carson,' Nev., is one of yesterday's ar
rivals at the Grand. *¦ .
George K." Brown, a leading merchant of
Los Angeles, is registered at I tie Califor
nia, where he arrived ; last nlglt f \ ;
'/¦ C. A. Knell, . a' prominent ; business and
mining; man of Denver, Colo., Is at the •
Occidental, accompanied by his wife.
¦'¦-'Rev.'.V.'Dajr of Helena, Mont., and Rer.
Francis Van of Billings, Mont.,- are among
the recent ' arrivals . at • the Occidental.
H. J.; Small," superintendent of- motive
power ]of \ the ; Southern '¦•¦ Pacific . Company
at , Sacramento,'; is a guest at the Palace.
-> Colonel Thomas H. Barry, adjutant gen
eral to General Otis in Manila, arrived in
the -city '; yesterday from - the ! Philippines
and Is. staying ; at, the Occidental.
D. Buckhalter, superintendent of „ the
Mojave .- division of the ; Southern . Pacific
Company' at Bakersfield," is a guest at th«
Grand, jj^ljjpgf
.. Epes Randolph, superintendent of ¦' the
Tucson, division of the Southern Pacific
Company, . is at the Palaco, where he ar
rived yesterday to be ; present ' at J the con
ference ' held on r ; the benefit ' fund * propo
sition^' ; : . •." " ~L
'¦¦ Professor. A.,- Van der. Nalllen. .who for
nearly thirty ; years; has. b'een at the, head
of an engineering school In; this city, ,\ett
last Friday, for* Paris; where he intends to*
make ;ai; thorough study " of engineering
sciences of anything . that ' may be ' of -< In
terest 4 to ,üb. The I professor was accom
panied by . Mrs. A:",, Van der : Naillen and
Miss Rena Van der, Nalllen. •
' ¦'':' "' ;; — ¦? » — ' " J . '
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
¦: WASHINGTON, . *, March f- I— Professor
Bernard j Moses of the University of j Call-"
Uornla arrived in Washington to-night and
Tlie announcement that the Kaiser thinks of calling
Herbert Bismarck to accept the former position of his
illustrious father as Chancellor of the German empire
is somewhat surprising, but not half so much as it
would be to see Herbert get in and fill the place as his
daddy used to do.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LADYSMITH-J, S. L., Meridian.' Sutter
County,* Cal. The population of . Lady
smith, also written Ladismlth, South Af
rica, is about 3200.
NOT THE . SILVER GRANT— W. 8..
Centerville, Cal. U. S. Grant.' who was a
candidate for the office: of United States
Senator, Is not the silver Grant. It is his
brother Jesse who is.
LICENSE— A. E.. City. To conduct the
business of palmistry or fortune-telling
by any method a- person in San Francisco
is required to have a license. The Super
visors may issue a free license.
THE QUEEN'S SHILLING— P. E., Sac
ramento, Cal. There are recruiting ser
geants in Great Britain and Ireland at this
time. The Queen's shilling Is still given
to those who enlist In the British army.
RULES FOR PlLOTS— Subscriber, Oro
ville, Butte County, Cal. Card rules for
steamboat pilots are issued only to steam
ers, two for each, ' by the United States
authorities.' Such are not for sale.
TO ADOPT AN ORPHAN- W.. Janes
ville., Lessen; County. Cal. In order to
adopt' a child from an orphan asylum call
upon or communicate with the head of the
asylum from which 'you would like to se
cure a child. •¦
SILVER THREE-CENT PIECE— A. - B.;
City. A silver 3-cent piece of 1552 Issued
from the mints of the United States does
not command a premium. Such coin may
be obtained from dealers for prices vary
ing from 15 to 60 cents. .
A GUARANTEE— S., City. A verbal
guarantee as to goods sold, If made in the
presence of a witness, is as effective as a
written one; but if it is without witnesses
It resolves .itself into the statement of
one person against another. A person who
desires to be safe should always obtain a
written guarantee.
THE MAYOR' S RESIDENCE— OId Sub
scriber, San Mateo. Cal. . The residence of
Mayor Phelan at Seventeenth and Valen
cia streets Is practically, according to the
compass, on the southwest corner of those
two streets. ;* At that point. there Is but a
trifling variation from . the compass as to
true south and west points.
WHISTr-O.' W. O.V City., In the game of
long whist ' It takes ten points : to ' make
game: Thirteen tricks must be made In
each round or deal and seven points may
be gained, and if a person is particularly
fortunate he might nave four honors ana
he would finish the game In that deal.- A
"slam" •is winning every trick In the
round, .which is only seven.- and -unless
there are the honors that would not finish
the game. * -•- ¦¦¦•:-'.¦
MINING^ CLAlM— Subscriber." Dudley,
Kings County, ' CaL A" decision to. be
found in J "Mineral Lands," page 140, says
that '.'a miner, doing, business for himself
and In his own name-has the right to dis
pose of whatever he has acquired by vir
tue of a (mineral) location." Another de
cision to be found in "landowner", says:
"The fact that the locator of a • mining
claim Is under the age of 21 years does not
render; the location Invalid." •. *<
¦ A "WIFE'S v LETTERS-^-K. S. 8.. Palo
Alto,' Cal. In answer to the question.
"Has a husband the \ right , to op«n his
wife's letters without being authorized by
her 7V this department will quote the fol
lowing - sections ; from- the codes of 'this
State, presuming, of courss." that the ques
tion i refers to this State.' "¦ ¦'
The Civil Code says: "Letters and other
private ; correspondence In writing belong
to the person iniili i hhi ii "1 w— Wlhi jjwUtiTihh
* The Penal ¦ Code • says: "Every person
Catholic Knights of America.
At the last held meeting of the Stats
Council, in Oakland, State Secretary A. J.
Clarke tendered his resignation, which
was accepted, and T.. C. Rowe of Branch
297 was elected to fill the vacancy.
Semi-annual reports received from all
the branches in the State show* that itao
order is in good condition and that tut
five deaths were reported during the past
six months. Up to the first o*f the current
year this order has paid In beneficiary
certificates $3.329,953, and the sinking fun 1
has passed the J450.000 mark. Assessment
No. 653 was levied on the 15th of la.«t
month.
St. Patrick's Branch of .West Oaltlanl
leads all other branches in the matter of
Initiations. Branch No. 257 of West Berke
ley is still the banner branch of the Sti»ti\
Under the direction of Captain J. D. Crow
ley, Commandery No. I- of the uniform
rank, composed of members of the Oak
land branches. Is doing well.
On the 26th of last month the branches
of Oakland gave a Joint smoker, whlrh
proved a very enjoyable affair. Tlier«
were present the following named Statu
officers: Spiritual Director Rev. L. 3erda.
Vice President J. M. Haran. Treasurer J.
8.-Schonsteln and Secretary T. C. Row*
During. the evening addresses were deliv
ered by the State spiritual director, rice
president and treasurer, also by Rev. J. B.
McNally, Rev. J. B. Fraught. P. J. Ero
phy. J. J. White and Captain J. D. Cro-y
ley. Richard Leach sang in a masterly
manner "Shelling Green Peas."
Philip D. Armour Jr., who has just died, left an es
tate estimated at a value of $8.000,0b0, arid as the
young man was notable only as the son of his father
it is evident that the, pork-packing business has mil
lions in it for whole families.
Ancient Order Workmen.
Memorial Lodge has elected C. S. Hoff
man. M. Wlesenhutter and Jacob Schcll
ing as its representatives to the Grand
Lodge.
The Grand Lodge will meet In this city
on April 13, and already circulars of tn<*
"fraternal politics order," which were
condemned at the last session of the grand
body, are being distributed in the lodges
by one who has been a candidate for one
of the grand offices for some years.
In 1859 the order made a net gain of 23.
431 members. In this State 500 applications
were received In December of last year.
429 in January and 6C<» in February.
The extension committee . paid a nalt
last Friday night to Franklin Lodge.
Major W. R. Graham, paymaster, U. S.
A., and past supreme master workmen,
arrived in this city from lowa last
week on his way to the Philippines. The
following day he was the guest of Past
Supreme Master Workman W. H. Jordun
of this city at a dinner, at which wrro
present Past Grand Masters W. H. Barn v a
and George H. Bahrs.
HOW ARE. THE MIGHTY FALLEN.
It. is a matter of comment that Mayor
Phelan's . name is beginning to be missed
from newspapers. Tnere was a time, not
so long ago, when his Honor's portrait or
patronymic appeared on ¦ almost every
page, till men marveled that he could
stand the strain of so much celebrity. The
other day the Examiner contained a page
report of the Board of Supervisors'- meet
ing, and in the four columns of small
print, a microscope could not reveal the
name of Phelan even once. Before Esola
was turned down it would have been
strewn all over the page. His Honor has
not endeared himself to the Examiner,
we should think, by resurrecting that old
scandal of the Monarch's World's Fair
edition when the railroad company was
stood up for $3(ViOO and the gas company
for $2500. It appears from Mr. Crockett's
reply to his Honor at the board meeting
that the Examiner demanded $5000. but
got only half that r -icunt. His Honor
made it appear that he was trying to sad
dle the scandal on The Call and was sur
prised when It suddenly transpired that
his old journalistic ally was the free
booter. But was he surprised?!
who willfully opens or reads or causes to
be opened and read any sealed letter not
addressed to himself or herself, without
being authorized to do so, either by the
sender of such letter or the person to
whom It is addressed. Is guilty of a mis
demeanor.'*
Aside from the law. a husband who can
not trust his wife without prying Into her
correspondence does not deserve to have,
a wife.
Is at the Shoreham. He will call upon the
President to-morrow. • Lieutenant A. F.
Fletcher of Mare Island Is visiting here.
I. H. Hellman and wife of San Fran
cisco are at the Arlington; Ed B. Louis
son of San Francisco is at the Shore
ham. . '
APPLICATIONS FILED
FOR POLICE PENSIONS
Ex-Commissioners Tobin and AJvord
Take Advantage of Act of the- V
Legislature.
Secretary Cadwalader of the Police
Commission was greatly surprised last
Saturday when he received two applica
tions for pensions signed by ex-Police
Commissioners Robert J. Tobin and Wil
liam ' Alvord. The applications were, ac
companied by a letter written by Attorney
Joseph Dunne, stating that he was acting
for Tobin and Alvord and requesting that
the applications be taken up at the earli
est possible moment.
' Both applications were - written on the
regular blanks and were drawn up in legal
form to the effect that the petitioners ap
plied for a pension under the provisions of
section 3 of an act of the Legislature of
California to create a police relief,: health
and life Insurance fund In the several
counties of the State, approved March,
1899,' and they conclude as' follows:
I am over 60 'years 'of age and was duly ap
pointed, sworn and qualified as a member of
the regularly constituted Police Department of
San Francisco, . with the rank of Police Com
missioner, from April 9, 1878, ¦ until IS9B, com
prising a period of twenty years. . I never re
signed, nor was I dismissed from said Police
Department. Wherefore I respectfully pray
that I be granted such pension as Police Com
missioner.
Tobin recites that he has been tweny
five years in the department. His salary
as president of the commission was $250
per month, and according to the statute
he will, if his claims are recognized, re
ceive $125 a month as a pension. Alvord's
salary was $100 a month and his pension
will be, sso a month.- When Alvord was
seen last night he stated, that he . had
acted In accordance with -the advice of
his attorney and that he thought he was
legally entitled to the benefits of the pen
sion law after having served faithfully
during the past twenty-two years in the
department. Tobin.vwas of the opinion
that • the legislative act -applied to the
Commissioners as well ' as to their sub
ordinates.
Police Commissioner Mahoney was thun
derstruck when he was informed of the
applications. He was not prepared to say
what action would be taken. .The matter
will come up regularly before the Police
Relief and Pension Commission, of which
he and his three colleagues are ex-offlclo
members. No meeting has as yet been
held by the latter body, but one will be
called In the near future. :
General Buller — -Goodness, Ladysmith, how you've changed. You're thin as a rail.
Ladysmith — Well, you're a pretty tough-looking customer yourself.
THE RAIN IN SEASON.
UP to this time the season has been about as pro
pitious to farmers and fruit and vine growers
as any within the memory of man. The raiiis
of the autumn and winter were abundant and timely,
and were followed by a period of: uninterrupted sun
shine long enough to allow for plowing, planting and
all other, forms. of winter cultivation. Now, with the
spring, new rains have come in such measure as to
insure the crops against all danger of. injury by
drought. :.;¦',
One of the most gratifying features of the recent
showers is the fact that they have fallen with consid
erable profusion in' nearly all parts of the State. Even
in the sou\hern counties, where there has been a bad
lack of moisture for some time, the recent rains ap
pear to be fairly abundant. Reports from Los An
geles are to the effect that the showers in that vicinity
on Sunday gave a fall of nearly an inch, and that,
while they came too late to be of much benefit to the
wheat and the barley crops, they have assured an
abundant yield of hay and potatoes. From San
Diego the reports are that in all parts of the county
there was a generous downpour, and that thousands
of acres of grain have been saved by it.
Taking the whole country south of Tehachapi gen
erally, the rains appear to have brightened the, pros
pects of all rural industries and given promise of
vast benefits. It is therefore not "surprising to learn
that the' hearts of farmers and of business men have
been gladdened by their coming, and that therenow
prevails throughout the south. a sanguine expectation
of a prosperous business year. >.
In other parts of the State there is no longer any
doubt of the crops except such as may possibly be
injured by late frosts. The Tains were, in fact, not
needed in many localities owing to the abundant
showers of the winter, but in others they came in the
nick of time to give late sown grain a good start: In
the mining counties the fall has of course been doubly
welcome, for even when the agriculturists of those
localities are not in need of it, rain is always. welcome
to the miners.
THE REBUKE OF A FRIEND IS KIND
THE Humboldt Standard republishes and •. ap
proves very strongly a recent Call editorial in
behalf of- maintaining the Republican doctrine
of protection to the American schedule of wages and
the American standard of life. Our Eureka friend
calls this "a sign of returning reason" in The Call,
and suggests that "it continue its work along this
line. It has said so much already against expansion;
ii has arraigned the administration for its Philippine
policy so frequently, that it is high time for it to
stand in line and fight the common enemy. Carnegie,
Bryan, Belmont, Altgeld. Tillman and the rest of the
aggregation are in the. field to defeat McKinley and
turn protection down. The paper which professes to
be a Republican organ cannot afford to give these
men aid and comfort in their scheme by denouncing
any principle for which the administration stands.
Let The Call stick to the position above stated and
it may undo a part of the mischief it has already done
by standing in with the Atkinsons, Pettigrews, Alt
gelds and Tillmans of Democracy on the Philippine
question."
The rebuke of a friend is kind, but we wish the
friend were a more attentive reader of The Call. If
he will go back to the beginning of this issue, which
aiose upon the annexation of Hawaii, he will be
pleased to discover that we opposed tropical expan
sion because it would involve imperialism, or the
inevitable competition of coolie and servile labor with
the. American workingman, to the loss of his wages
and the degradation of his standard of life. From
our columns can be compiled a textbook of accurate
facts upon that subject We warned the Republican'
party and the country of what was coming. We
pointed out fundamental errors in the .Republican
position, which were sure to precipitate -upon the
country in the.campaign of this year a series of most
afflicting questions. These torments are nowupon
us. It is not our fault that the President recom
mended free trade with Porto Rico,. and that the Re
publican party had to bolt from his policy and put a
tariff wall between that island and American labor.
It is not our fault that this bolt broke the integrity
of the Republican majority in the House, and gal
vanized the Bryan Democracy into the first sign of
life it has shown since it knocked jtg own brains out
in the Chicago convention. It is not our fault that
Congressman Littlefield of Maine, and the v - Republi
cans who stood with him for the free trade recom
mendation of the President, were denounced as bolt
ers from protection by their colleagues in the House.
It will not be our fault if all Republicans fail to
stand together to re-elect this administration, retain
control of Congress and reach a sane and safe basis
for legislation, to extricate the country from the con
sequences, which we foretold, of the follies into which
it has gone astray.
In January we advised that Congress refrain from
legislation as to our external burdens, cast, upon us
by the Spanish war. We warned the party that the
subjects were too imperfectly understood to make
such legislation wise, and that to attempt it would re
veal party division. The result in the case of Porto
Rico has proved the soundness of our advice. Surely
the Humboldt Standard was not edified, by the spec
tacle of a Presidential recommendation overridden by
his part}', and the chairman of the Ways and Means
Committee forted to acutely turn upon his own sol
emn utterances and vote against what he had declared
to be the solemn duty of the party? .
We beg to advise the Standard that a few feet of
foresight is worth miles of regret, and that the sole
glimmer of hope in the Bryan party has been lighted,
not by anything we have done, but by doing what we
advised should be omitted. The responsibility is upon
those who have supplied Atkinson, Pettiprew et als.
with an issue in which the Porto Rico bill proved that
they have the sympathy of Dingley's successor, and
a sufficient number of Republicans in the .House to
compel a humiliating compromise as the price of hold
ing the party majority. If the Standard think it good
politics to see the Democratic minority in the House
upholding the President's recommendation and quot
ing his message against the position of the Republican
majority, we must differ.
We ask now, and will ask again, that legislation on
these external possessions be held in abeyance, and
that the part}' platform favor a calm study of all phy
sical and political conditions therein before action. is
had.
GENERAL BULLER'S FIRST SIGHT OF LADYSMITH.
THE SAX FRAXCISCOiCALL,; TUESDAY^ MARCH 6, 1900.
upon the road-making material obtainable, and at ; the
same time give lessons in the actual construction' of
roads. He also note's the "necessity for a scientific
inquiry into the composition, of road material in the
different localities, and the best methods of combining
the materials so as to make* good roadbeds.
While in the end the work of road improvement
must be done by the local authorities, it is' gratifying
to. have one of the great departments of the National
Government interested ;ih. the subject v Much can be
done that will be of great assistance to States and
counties by the Agricultural -Department, and cer
tainly no other issue is now" of more importance to
the farmers of ,the country. than that of highway im
provement. If Secretary Wilson can' urge the work
forward he will have rendered a great service to the
people, and it is gratifying to note" he is giving par
ticular attention to.it. .•^'..»^ ; S
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "Parfcwt Russia."
California— erratic concert this afternoon;
Tivo:i_"The Idol's Eye."
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Ppera-houM— "The Girl From Parla." ¦
Columbia— "The Old Homestead."
Alcazar— "Never Aeatn."
Chutes. Zoo ami Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympla. corner of Mascn and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Concert Wednesday morntcg.
•>ak!and Race Track— Kaces.
AUCTION SALES.
By New TorkAuctlon Co.— Wednesday. March 7, at U o'clock.
Government FUj>pliejs. at lIS Washington street.
Dy SuUlvan & Doyle— Wednesday, at 11 a. pa., at J27 Sixth
etr»vt. Horses.
By Thos. Madigran— Thursday, at 11 o'clock, at 162S Market
«tre«>i Hordes and Mules.
Wasp.
6
—Minneapolis Tribtrna.1 "Keith's" finest of street hats at Kelth'g
opening next Friday, and Saturday. ?';¦: •
Uote— These papers on Practical Science have
been prepared for The Call's Home Study Circle
by Professor William J. Hopkins of Drexel In
stitute.
L LIQUID ATEL
(Concluded.)
The Absolute Zero.
As the work upon the liquefaction of
gases proceeded, experimenters were
brought to ' a more and more Intimate
knowledge of conditions which had been
matters of mathematical demonstration
rather than of experience. The measure
ment of these conditions was very diffi
cult. The properties of substances in this
extreme cold were unknown and a great
field of research was at once opened.
As heat consists in the energy of mo
tion of the molecules of a body, the Idea
at once presents itself that the point
might be reached, theoretically at least,
where the molecules, having lost their
energy of motion little by little as th*
temperature was reduced, had' been
brought to rest. Such a point would mark
the limit of cold and a body at that tem
perature would possess no heat at all.
This point, for obvious reasons, is known
as the "absolute zero." Its value Is de
termined, by means of the relation be
tween expansion of gases and tempera
ture, to lie between 273 degrees and 274
degrees below the zero of the centigrade
scale. Logically, all temperatures should
be. reckoned from that point, as. Indeed,
for many practical purposes, they are.
Now, with all known gases liquefied, w*
are getting wonderfully near to this point.
Just how near Is aa yet. somewhat a mat
ter of inference. All ordinary thermome
ters fall. Even the air ¦ thermometer is
frozen solid and the hydrogen thermome
ter is of little use. Electrical methods
are doubtful because nobody knows Just
bow the electrical properties of substances
vary at such temperatures. Dewar, with
liquid hydrogen, has obtained a tempera
ture within about 21 degrees of the abso
lute zero— some 280 degrees centigrade or
more than 500 degrees Fahrenheit colder
than the temperature of an ordinary,sum
mer day; and solid hydrogen Is about 5
degrees centigrade colder yet. It will be
Interesting to relate, so far as they are
yet known, some of the properties of sub
stances at these low temperatures.
Properties of Liquefied Gases.
The beautiful experiments which It Is
possible to perform before an audience
with liquid air In quantity have become
well known. All ordinary liquids are
frozen. Alcohol . becomes ice, mercury a
solid so hard that it will drive nails. . A
Jet of carbon dioxide gas falls as snow;
and to make the liquid air boll violently
it Is only necessary to set a kettle of It
upon a cake of ice. In spite of this, liquid
air is kept for hours In unsealed cans, in
which evaporation is comparatively slow.
For the rarer liquefied gnses. in small,
quantities, Dewar has devised the vacuum
flask. The liquid oxygen or hydrogen, or
whatever It may be. is In the Inner ves
sel, and the space between that and the
outer flask is exhausted, the two flasks
being sealed together at the neck. It is
found that the evaporation Is only about
one-fifth as rapid as ; when this space is
filled with- air; rS?-** -
Under such conditions air may be seen
as a clear, colorless liquid when pure, or
as a transparent solid when very cold.
The solid air at higher temperature , is
characterized as a . nitrogen Jelly, from
which a strong magnet will draw the oxy-
Oxygen as a liquid in considerable quan
tity shows a pale blue color, as does the
solid oxygen. It is highly magnetic and
a good Insulator. Liquid ozone is Indigo
blue and very explosive. Nitrogen forms
an opaque solid. Hydrogen as a liquid is
colorless and transparent, and as a solid
Is a ¦ transparent ice with a frothy " sur
face, due probably to v«ry rapid evapora
tion. It is said to be distinctly non-me
talllc Flourine, very difficult to liquefy,
is a clear "yellow liquid, very mobile. It
does pot attack glass at these low. tem
peratures. Argon forms a colorless liquid;
and at very low temperatures an opaque
solid. The. liquids are generally colorless
and transparent, except fluorine and chlo
rine,, which are both yellow.
Effects of Very Low Temperatures.
Temperatures as low as ' these we are
CALVIN F. FARGO'S
LAST TESTAMENT
Bequeaths the Bulk of His Fortune
to His Immediate Rel
atives.
The will of Calvin F. Fargo, the pioneer
capitalist, who dl«d on February 24, leav
ing an estate valued at $700,000. was filed
for probate yesterday. Decedent was one
of the founders of the firm of
Wilmerdlng & Co., and in early
dayß was among , the-, most promi
nent merchants in the State. He was un
married and left the bulk of his estate to
relatives. . The largest bequests follow:
To Mary Fargo Stewart, a niece, $100,000;
to Edward Fargo, an adopted eon, $30,000;
to Eliza Jane Flsk, a niece, $15,000; to
Fannie Fargo, a niece, $10,000; to Lulu
Fargo Bonestell. $10,000; to Jerome F. Fisk.
a grandnephew, $5000: to Harry Fisk, Dud
ley Flsk and George N Fisk, grand
nephews, $10,000 each; to Mrs. J. T. Carr,
$1000; to Mrs. Nancy Mix, a monthly al
lowance of $50; to F. F. Rose, son of E. J.
Rose Jr.. $5000; to Duane Fargo, a brother,
$3000.
The residue of the estate Is bequeathed
to Eliza Jane Fisk, Lulu F. Bonestell,
Fannie F. Rose, Harry, Dudley and
George N. Fisk. J. M. Ray, George
Davidson and Duane Fargo are named as
executors of the testament.
Non, monsieur; cc compartlmentj«st
wav complet.
V." Nong 1 , mus-see-uh, suh com-par-tea
ment^ay to-cdlnp-lay.
28. There are a great many people here.
11 y a beaucoup de monde Id.
Eel cc ah bo-coo duh mond ee-cee.
29. At, in or to Berlin; a Berlin; ah balr
langr. ' — - - •¦ —
30. In or to France; en France; aun
franss.
31. In or to America; enwAmerUjue; aun
nah-mer-rlck.
Note— At. to. to, befor* towns la always •«
pressed by 4; en la employed before moat name*
ot countries.
32. Bon marche; cheap; boos marsh-ay.
Meilleur marcbe; cheaper; may
¦',T* yeur
33. He is in town; 11 est^en vill*; 111-ay
tang veel.
34. She resides in the city.
Elle demeure dans la Tilie.
El day-tneuhr dong lah ve«L
83. .To-day is Monday.
C'estwaujourd'hui lundi.
Say toe zhour-'dwee lun-de*.
35. To-morrow la the 9th of May.
Cc sera demain le 6 mai.
Buh-s'rah d'mang-luh-seece-may.
87. Yesterday was the 11th of June.
, . .C'etaitwbier 1« onze Juin.
Set-tay-tee-air luh on* Jw-ang.
23. Let us go for a walk.
Allons nous promener.
Al-long nuo pro-men-nay.
39. What a fine' street!
Quelle belle rue.
Kell bell rooh.
40. This avenue leads to the park.
¦ - ¦ Cette avenue conduits au pare
Sett av'nu kon-dwee toe park.
41. What Is the name of this street?
Quel-^est le norn de cette rue?
nong • . • ¦
42. This is Marillo street; c'est la ru*
Murillo.
' Note — Th* article must b« axpresmd in
French befor* ths words street, park, hotel,
doctor, captain, lawyer, etc. This rau»t b*
observed, even If the article Is omitted la Eng
lish.
43. We are near the park Monceau.
Nous Bommes prea dv pare Monceau.
Noo sum pray doo park mong-sxx
44. There Is a policeman.
Voila unw agent de police.
Ywa-lah un-nazh-ong duh po-leece.
45. Show me the way to the museum.
Indiciuez-mct le chemin dv musee.
Ang-dl-kay mwa cb-mang doa
moo-zay.
48. We will take a carriage.
Nous prentlon»_une voitcre.
Noo' pron-drongr zoon vwa-tuhr.
47. Coachman, drive us to the —
Cocher. conduisez-nous— au
Co-shay cong-dwee-zay noo-co.
48. I am tired.
Je suis fatigue.
swee. fah-tee-gay.
49. Let us take the tramway.
Prenons le tramway.
Pren-nong luh tram-way.
Beading: Lesson. '
The following is the proper translation
of the French exercise in lesson 2. Th«
student will carefully compare the jams
with bis work, noting the difference in
the construction of the two languages. It
Is advisable that each exercise be correct
ed, copied and again compared. When all
Is found to be perfectly correct, study
each- phrase by heart:
i U Walter, take my baggage to my
room. (2) What time Is It? 13) It is •
o'clock. (4) Wake me at 7 o'clock. (5)
Where is the toilet room? (6) Ring It you
want anything. (7) Blacken my boots.
1 (?) Give me a glass of water. (9) I want a
cup of hot tea. (10) Where U th* bell?
(11) I want a postage stamp.
- Vocabulary — Trompe de; mistaken In.
J'accompagneral; I will accompany. V;
there. Klosque; news stand. Achdte-t
on; buys one? Timbre-poete; postaga
stamp. Debiteur; retailer. Falt-on?
makes one? Levee; collection. Quatre;
four. Fols; times. Station de voitures;
cab stand.
Read and translate Into English:
(1) Je me suis trompe de chemin. (2)
Indlquez-moi le cbemln de la gare. (3)
On est la poste? (4) Je vous_-y accom
pagneral. (5) Merd, vouswftes trop bon.
(6) V a-t-il_une pharmacie (drugstore)
pres d'lcl? (7) En face de l'hotel. pres da
klosque. (S) Ou achete-t-on dcs timbres
poste? (9) Au bureau de tabac. Uo>
Uuand fait _.on la levee de cette bolte? (11)
Quatre fols par Jour. (12) A quell**.*
heures? (13) A sept^et neuf^heures dv
matin. (14) A slx_ et huit_ heure j dv soir.
(15) Oil est la station de voitures?
Note— The English translation of this exer
clm will be given In the lollowtns; lesson,
which will be published next Tuesdajr.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OLDEST MAN IN THE WORLD
E. ELMER. | g?^ *\1
I!! YEARS OLD wlj • . M
MM tTAiroa tolxlt aso TiaoioraLT.
Uses Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey.
Abraham E. Elmer, Who is in His U9th Year,
Says That Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey
Has Prolonged His Life, Kept Him
Vigorous ana Enabled Him to Live
Nearly 50 years Beyond the
"Three Score and Ten."
. Feb. 10th.
Gentlemen— l have* used DUETTS
PURE MALT WHISKEY and find it not
only agreeable to the taste, but I believe it
is a positive help to long life. You may
have read in the newspapers published
about the Ist of February of this year some
account of my having celebrated my 118 th
birthday on the 26thof January last. I have
used DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY
for a long time, and I firmly believe it has
helped to keep me well and strong and
has prolonged my life many years.
DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY is
certainly a godsend to humanity and is to
be commended on account of its purity,
excellence and invigorating qualities. I
know of none so good. I will Keep a sup-
ply by me as long as I live. ,
Gratefully yours,
ABRAHAM E. ELMER, 52 Traoj St., Utlca, N. T.
Th« above testimonial is without a record.
DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY
IS THE TRUE ELIXIR OF LIFE.
It Aids Digestion, Stimulates) the Blood, Inrlg-
©rales the Brain, Bnilds Xerre Tissue,
Tones np the Heart and Prolongs Life.
All druggists and grocers, $1.00 a bottle. Be-
ware of imitations, they are injurious. Send foi
free book of information.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO., ROCHESTER H. T.
Sale of shoes, 717 Market st., near Third.*
A Burglar Captured.
James ¦ Martin', alias Wood, "entered the
room of Arthur Carlisle," 1203 - Market
street, j yesterday, morning by means of a
skeleton key and was going through his
trunk - when Carlisle n returned. Martin
rushed past' Carlisle, without waiting to
make an explanation. I Carlisle chased him
downstairs and caught him. He kept him
locked In the room till Policeman Camp
bell appeared,' when he I was taken to the
City * Prison and booked ' on a charge -of
burglary. * :i>v:S: i "-'^~-:- --: ¦ ;"¦.•/:
| V STRICTLY RELIABLE. ' g
5 m TIP TAT C.CITT Rr C.C\ 1
9 iff* \ -lilt* 1 **"v" a i oo VV* '-¦•»;
0 ¦ lfftitt 1 Practice Confined to Diseases and §
& • sref 'fT^^-^^A *¦" " •¦ : '" ' ' -¦'••-'-• • O
& . : %# :; \*-^n^niy»vl
& 1 li'^iwHli* ' Varlcocel* cured in one week at office or Q
% OilSlG&fi^-Wr four weeks' home treatment • :• ±
V 4 <»J£r^iMSLjHr Blood Taints. Contracted Disorders and every U
¦?- AYA V . form of Weakness a specialty. .. &
# >/kV^^WiV i- " •"-¦• We are- alwayi'. willing to wait for our fee W
St >/l JrH^ £i/J /H'^V. ' until cure i« effected.' " . ? ,x
« f 1 /^Rs^S^S§^y/\ • \ij> Full information cheerfully mailed. . £
§; ~y '^ff7/ NZ"> m Market Street, Coner iixth. ";|
The Rattler's Bite.
Frank Kent, the professional snake
handler who was bitten on the right hand
by: a rattler Sunday afternoon at the
Chutes, was sufficiently recovered yester
day to be taken from the Receiving Hos
pital to the German Hospital. His arm
Is still badly swollen, but all danger Is
supposed to be over. .
We have all the new finishes In oak and
gilt moldings, with mat boards in all the
new tints to match in our frame depart-
ment. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. , •• •¦ '¦ .. , - .¦ •; -
LONGED FOR OUAIL
THAT NEVER CAME
Seizure of Birds Caused Serious.Dis
appointment to Several Lead
... ing Democrats.
Deputy Game and Fish ; Commissioners
Vogelsang and Kercheval and Policeman
Jordan, armed with a search . warrant,
visited the cold storage warehouse, of the
National Ice Company.- Eighth and Town
send streets, Saturday, and seized 180
dozen quail and twenty dozen duck, which
had been mailed as blackbirds and otored
by Antone Fodera and Lemolne & Co., as
the season closed March L Yesterday
warrants were issued by Judge Cabanlss
for the arrest of Fodera and Louis H.
Boutelller of Lemolne , & Co., on the
charges of having quail and duck In their
possession out of season.
An amusing sequel to the seizure of the
birds was related by the Deputy Fish
Commissioners. Several of the leading
Democrats. Including . District Attor
"ney Byington. Assistant District At
torney /W. H. Alford. Gavin Mc-
Nab,- Frank H. Gould and about a dozen
others, had been invited to dine at * the
California Hotel Saturday, night and quail
and , duck were both on, the . menu card.
General Warfleld, the host; announced to
his guests that i they would have to dis
pense with the quail and duck, as he had
been 'notified of the seizure. In the pres
ence of the District Attorney the remain
der, of the guests remained silent, but It
Is said they did some thinking. .
Two Old Women Fight.
Mrs. Mary Glessitt and Mrs. Margaret
Warner, aged women, living in a house on
Twenty-sixth street and Potrero avenue",
auarreled last Friday night and then came
to blows. Each swore to a complaint yes
terday for the arrest of the other on a
charge of : battery. - Mrs. Glessltt's face
was covered with I bruises and her eyes
were black and swollen. Her right hand
was also black and blue from blows while
she held It to protect her face. Mrs.
Warner bore no outward signs of the en
counter. ¦•' ¦ ' •-¦' ¦'¦
CUT SEVERAL TIMES
DURING A MIX-UP
Joseph Wahl Arrested for Assault
to Murder Upon W. L. .
Wilson.
Joseph Wahl, a sausage-maker,. living at
125 Fell street, was arrested at an early
hour yesterday morning by Policemen
Tracey and Noltlng on a charge of assault
to murder. He appeared in Judge Mo
gan's court and the case was continued
1 Wahl a and -W. L.. Wilson, 216 Grove
street, were drinking in the Golden Gate
saloon, Market and Seventh streets, and
Wilson offered to sell Wahl a diamond
stud A dispute arose and Wilson stnuck
Wahl on the face. Wilson and a friend
then left the saloon and Wahl followed
them There was another mix-up and
Wilson emerged from it with several cuts
on his right arm, shoulder, neck and face.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
RECENT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
considering have a very marked effect
upon the properties of familiar materials
and upon chemical action. Wires of metal
are made much more hard and brittle and
their tensile strength is Increased. Rub
ber, cork and such substances are as hard
as stones, and organic substances of all
kinds are frozen solid. Chemical action is
very mi»;h diminished or ceases alto
gether and the action of light on photo
graphic films Is very weak.
Upon living organisms the effects of
very low temperature are various. Cold
blooded animals show but slight resist
ance, while warm-blooded animals resist
surprisingly well until the resources of
the body are exhausted. Few insects can
resist very low temperatures, although
snails were subjected to a temperature of
—120" without apparent Injury. Bacteria,
unfortunately, seem to be unaffected by
the lowest temperature to which they
have been exposed. — 213* C. Possibly later
experiments at —250" to — 2W may show
a different result. The beneficial effect of
the cold bath is well recognised; but prob
ably no one, before Pictet. ever advocated
one quite so cold as 110 s below zero centi
grade. By the cautious use of an air bath
at this temperature he cured himself of
chronic indigestion of long standing, and
a "cold well" constructed under his super
vision was afterward in use by many peo
ple, i -
The effect of low temperatures on th*
germinating power of s«eds has twice
been tried, once at —182" C, and again,
within the last few months, at —252* C. In
the more recent experiment a number of
seeds of different types were exposed to
the temperature of liquid hydrogen.
Some of. each were, cooled slowly, and
kept for more than an hour In a sealed
tube immersed in the hydrogen. The oth
ers were not .so carefully treated. In
transmitting the second packet of seeds
for planting, Dewar wrote: **I have sent
you seeds to-day which. If the treatment
with cold can kill, ought to be dead. They
have been Immersed in liquid hydrogen
for upward of rtx hours and no attempt
was made to graduate the coollnnr. • • •
The seeds have been soaked In liquid hy
drogen." The seeds showed no trace of
their hard- experience and all sprouted.
This experiment Is particularly Interesting.
as the temperature to which the seeds wers
exposed is very nearly as low as that of
the great Interstellar spaces, and their
survival lends additional weight to the
idea that life may originally have be«n
brought to the earth on some seed-bearinc
meteorite.
Industrial Applications of Low Tem
peratures.
Now. of what use In all this? First.
much has been added to the store of hu
man knowledge. Utility from th© scient
ist's point of view Is not the highest aim —
probably few of the men who have devot
ed years and great labor to this work
would have. tolled so long or so patiently
for something merely useful. But to most
people utility is now the main question.
A, few of the possible uses of the great
development In this direction nave no
doubt suggested themselvea. Very cold
substances may be as useful as very hot
bodies in certain operations in medicine)
or surgery, cautery for example, and no
one can predict to what extent low tem
peratures can be used beneficially In the
treatment of disease.
Next, cold, under control. Is a market
able article. The extent to which lique
fied gases are used for this purpose de
pends only upon the cost of producing
tnem. A substance as cold as liquid hy
drogen produces In a few seconds about
the most perfect vacuum known, by freez
ing out ail the contents of the chamber to
be exhausted. When these solidified gases
have fallen to the bottom the empty
chamber can be sealed off above them.
Liquefied gases might be used as explo
sives,- either alone, to operate by natural
expansion, or mixed with other substances
and fired. A liquefied gas confined in a
closed vessel and exposed to ordinary,
temperatures would soon.be heated abova
its critical temperature, and the expansive
force of the substance, which could at
longer remain liquid, would be great.
NEVILLS' NEMESIS
GIVEN HER LIBERTY
Elsie Williams • and Myron Azh
derian Dismissed From
¦vrr Custody.
Mrs. Elsie Williams and Myron Azh
derlan, who were tried and convicted by a
jury in Judge Cook's court of having ex
torted $2000 from Captain W. E. Nevills,
the millionaire mine owner and orchard
ist, but who were subsequently granted
new trials by the Supreme Court, were
dismissed from custody yesterday. The
Supreme Court held that Judge Cook had
erred during the trial by admitting evi
dence regarding transactions outside the
one at Issue, excluding certain other evi
dence In favor of the defendant and giving
unsound instructions. Yesterday defend
ants' counsel move<t for their dismissal,
and as no conviction could be had under
the decision of the higher court Judge
Cook made the order for their release.
DAMROSCH ON MUSIC
AND ART OF WAGNER
Cultured Audience Enjoys the First
Lecture and Recital of the
Series.
A goodly audience, composed chiefly of
ladies, attended Walter Damrosch's first
explanatory recital at Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s Hall yesterday forenoon. The un
qualified success of the affair Is gratify
ing to note, for It bespeaks an Interest in
the higher music that is la every way a
credit to the community.
The lecture was pleasantly instructive,
though rather more popular than techni
cal, and throughout tne charming person
ality of Mr. Damrosch, his engaging man
ner and indisputable authority, ' held the
attention of his auditors and won their
approbation.
Damrosch goes far to overcome the dif
ficulties of adequately interpreting on the
piano the intricacies of the Wagnerian
BCore and his admirably executed illustra
tions form a most' pleasant accompani
ment to his lecture.
The theme of yesterday's recital was
"Das Rhelngold," the prelude to the
"Niebelungen Trilogy." The first opera of
the Ring was composed by Wagner dur
ing his exile in Zurich, it was then at
the age of 35 that the composer, having
lost pitlence with the false standards of
art that were practiced in the construction
of opera, developed his preconceived Ideas
of the importance of the dramatic factor
in musical expression. Instead of sacrific
ing this factor to melody he undertook to
make it the basis of his new scheme of
the music-drama, and perfected the ex
pression of the significant and vital ele
ments in the leit-motifs which form the
framework of his marvelous creations.
The elucidation of these leit-motifs and
their significance in the opera of "Das
Rheingold" were the subject of Mr. Dam
rosch's discourse and his illustrations of
the themes, their development and modi
fication were delightfully set fourth.
He spoke of the essential simplicity of
the various leit-motifs and of how by the
various chord-combinations and theme
comblnatlons and the wonderful contra
puntal" development with which the com
poser treated them they became the ve
hicle of a perfect dramatic expression.
Commenting upon the necessity of giving
specific titles to the themes, such as
tne "Rhelngold Theme." the "renuncia
tion of love theme," etc.. Mr. Damrosch
said: "The music should impress Itself
upon one without the aid of words to dis
tinguish its various meanings. One should
therefore remember the names of the va
rious themes a short time and then for
get them as speedily as possible.
The remaining recitals of the series will
take place at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall
at 3:30 p. m. instead of 11 o'clock in the
morning. The dates and subjects are as
follows:. "Wednesday, March 7, "Die
Walkuere"; Saturday. March 10, "Sieg
fried": Monday, March 12. "Gotterdam
merune"; Wednesday, March 14. "Parsi
fal": Saturday, March 17, "Tristan and
Isolde." r
Note— These lessons have -been prepared for
The Call's Home -Study Circle by Professor
Benno Ktrachbaum of Philadelphia. .They ar«
Intended primarily for Americans who purpose
attending l the Paris exposition. The lessons
will . include (1) common - French words and
phrases, (2) easy . conversation and (8) simple
reading- lessons. ..--!- ¦ .
LESSON NO. 3— -TROSIEME LEOON
TRWA-ZEE-EMM LES-SO3MG.
A Few Useful Rules.
1. The French use small letters in spell
ing the names of months, seasons, etc,;
a»-o the first person "Je" (I) is, contra ry
to the English, spelled with a small letter,
unless it commences a sentence. ,
2. The student may profitably begin to
read aloud now. This he will find is the
only way of familiarizing himself with the
vocabulary. Students must make It a
point to use the tongue— that is to say,
speak as much as possible. The more and
the oftener they will speak and read the
surer they will be of success.
Memory Exercise — Much Needed
Words and Phrases.
L Lunch: lunch; lung-sh. *.
(Also le dejeuner; luh day-zhuh-nayX
2. One o'clock; une heure; oon-uhr.
3. The second breakfast: le dejeuner a la
fourchette; ah lah four-shet. .
4. Dinner time; heure dv diner; uhr dun
dean-ay.
Note — The French take as a rule two morning
meals: rolls and coffe* are served in their
rooms, and later they eat what they call their
second breakfast. Other meals are the same
as her*.
5. (1) un; ung. (2) deux; duh. (3) trot*;
tr-wa. (4) quatre; kat-tr. (5) cinq; sank.
(6) six; cease. (7) sept; sett. (8) huit;
weet. (9) neuf; n'uf. (lOhdix; dee-ce. (11)
onze; on-ze. (12) douze; doo-ze. •' -. .1/
Note— The x of six and dlx are sounded like
z when carried to a vowel, but are generally
mute before a consonant.
Note — The numbers being of the utmost Im
portance, we shall give both cardinal and or
dinal numbers in the succeeding lessons.
6. The first: le premier; luh prem-yajr.
7. The last; le dernier; luh dalrn-yay.
8. This Is my first week In Paris.
C'est ma premiere semalne a Paris. '
Say mah prem-ee-yair
9. I arrived to-day.
Jc sui9_ arrive aujourd'hui.
Zhuh swee zar-ree-vay
10. The day- le Jour; luh zhour.
11. The week; la semalne; la s'men.
12. The month; le mois; luh mwa.
Note— The student will note that the names
of seasons, months and days are masculine
In French. The names of the months are not
written with capitals, aa said abova.
13. January is the. first month.
Janvier est le premier mola.
ZJan-vee-ay a luh-prem-ee-ay mwa.
14. February is the second month.
Ffivrler est le deuxtfime mols.
Fav-ree ay a luh duh-zee-em— —
15. March is the third month.
Mars_est le troisie'me mols.
Mar-za luh trwaz-ee-em—
16. April is the fourth month.
Avril_est le quatrieme mois.
Ay-reel-lay luh kat-tree-em—
17. May is the fifth month.
Mai est le cinquieme mols. '
May a luh sank-kee-em — —
18. June is the sixth month.
Juin est le sixleme mols.
Jw-ang a luh see-iee-em — —
IS. July is the seventh month. .
Julllet est le septieme mois.
Jwee-yay a luh sett-ec-em
20. August is the eighth month.
AoQt est le hultldme mols.
Oo a luh weet-ee-em
21. September is the ninth month.
Septembre est le neuvl&me mols.
Bep-tom-br a luh n'uvee-em
23. October Is the tenth month. .
Octobre est le dlzitme mois.
Ok-tobr a luh deex-ee-em
23. November is the eleventh month.
Novembre est le onzieme mois.
Nov-om-br a luh onz-ee-em
24. December Is the twelfth month.
Decembre est le douzidme mols.
Day-som-br a luh doo«-ee-em
Note— ll ya, which means "there is," "there
are." Is an Idiomatic French expression, which,
cannot be translated literally. We Illustrate It
here by a few examples In the Interrogative
torm:
25. Are there any letters for me?
V a-t-il dcs lettres pour mol?
Ec ah teel day let-tr poor mwa.
26. Is there any room here?
V a-t-il de la place?
Ec ah teel d'lah plass.
27. No, sir; this compartment Is full.
"DOC" LEAHY IS
OFF AFTER THE
MUSICAL STARS
To Italy to Secure Artists
for. the Season of Grand
Opera.
Avedano and Salassa to Return With
. Other Great Singers and a
i Repertoire of New
Operas.
"Doc" Leahy,*- the genial manager of
the Tivoli, la getting ready his steamer
trunk and traveling rugs preparatory far
his annual run over to musical .Italy. As
usual, ."Doc" is not traveling for, pleas
ure. He has several big enterprises up
his sleeves, and the contracts he will
carry over to the land of music will on
his return be ornamented with the signa
tures of people famous In musical cen
ters. ¦
The object of Leahy's trip Is to put the
finishing touches -to the almost already
completed arrangement for the season. of
grand opera at. the Tivoli. which begins
the first Monday in August. Leahy goes
straight to Miilan, where Avedano and Sa
lassa, the marvelous successes of. last
year's season, are eagerly waiting to con
clude the arrangements which will bring
them again to the Tivoli boards. Three
other big men are to be signed— a lyric
tenor, a barytone and basso — and a cele
brated dramatic soprano. Leahy has sev
eral people in his mind's eye, but the ulti
mate choice will not be made until "Doc"
reaches the other side. Miss Schuster,
the lyric soprano who has done such ex
cellent work In other Tivoli seasons of
grand opera, will be the diva of the pres
ent season; and to prepare for the ardu
ous duties of eight weeks of grand opera
Mlsa Schuster will retire from the Tlvali
cast at the close of the run of "The Idol' 3
Eye," to rest and recuperate, with Miss
Frances Graham, now also a member of
the Tivoli company. Critical "Doc"
hopes to surprise San Francisco music
lovers. Miss Graham, who, by the way,
is a Native Daughter, has a marvelous
contralto voice of wonderful range and
will be given a chance to show the stuff
she Is made of.
As usual. "Alda," the good show-off
opera, that gives the public a taste of
what they may expect in the way of
principals, chorus, orchestra and mis-en
scene, will be the opening opera. The
other operas to follow are "Andrea Che
nier." "Hamlet," "La, Navaralse," "Fal
staft" and possibly "La Tosca," besides
all of last year's great successes.
Great things are promised for Salassa
in "Hamlet, the wonderful barytone's
greatest creation. Salassa and Avedano
will also be heard In "Tannhauser" and
"Lohengrin," their first appearance In
Wagnerian roles in America.
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
ORDINANCE TO
ABOLISH HIGH
BILL BOARDS
Measure Introduced by ..To?
bin and Referred to a
Committee.
Auditor Instructed to Investigate
the Books of the Tax Collector's
Office in Matter of Ex
cess Payments.
»
There was a. large gathering of specta
tors at the meeting of the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday afternoon.. It was evi
dently expected * ; that the proceedings
would be of more than ordinary interest,
but the crowd was disappointed. Very lit
tle was done beyond the transaction of
the ordinary ' routine business with the
exception of the Introduction of two or
dinances to which considerable interest at
taches toward the closing hour of the ses
sion. One of these was an anti-gumbllng
ordinance, introduced. by Supervisor Reed
and referred to the Police Committee, and
the other was an anti-billboard ordinance,
about which there has also been consider
able talk. The latter was Introduced by
Supervisor Tobln, who took pains to say
that his object was not to befriend the
newspapers.
"The newspapers are able to take car©
of themselves," said the Supervisor, "and
my only object In introducing this or
dinance is to improve the appearance of
the city." Tho ordinance is as follows:
Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any per
son, firm or corporation to erect, build, con
struct or maintain in the city and county of
San Francisco any fence, building or other
Etructure of a greater height than ten feet
from the street, sidewalk or ground, where the
mmc is erected, built, constructed or main
tained for the purpose of painting thereon any
sign or advertisement for advertising purposes,
or posting thereon, or fixing or attaching there
to or thereon, any bills, signs or other adver
tising matter for advertising purposes. .
Sec. 2. Any person, firm or corporation vio
lating any of the provisions of this ordinance
shall be punched by a fine of not more than
1100 or by Imprisonment in the County Jail not
more than thirty days. . •
Sec. 3. All • orders, ordinances or parts of
orders and ordinances In conflict with this
ordinance are hereby repealed.
Sec. 4. This ordinance shall take effect and
be in effect from and after its passage and
approval.
Supervisor Brandensteln questioned the
legality of the ordinance In the shape In
which It was drawn and on his motion It
was referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Health Board Appropriation.
The two resolutions appropriating $20,000
and $8000 for me expenses of the Health
Department for the last six months of the
present fiscal year were indefinitely post
poned. A substitute resolution, prepared
as an economic measure, appropriating
$24,000 for the board, will be adopted at
the next meeting.
The Olympic Club will not be compelled
to pay a license of $1000 In order to hold
its boxing and wrestling tournament, as
provided in. the ordinance imposing
licenses on boxing clubs. The matter
came up on an amendment offered by Su
pervisor Comte providing that the Olym
pic and similar amateur organizations be
granted a license to give exhibitions of
boxing, etc., upon the payment of an an
nual fee of $100. President William Greer
Harrison of- the Olympic Club addressed
the board .tnd pointed out the hardship
the payment of a $1000 license would im
pose on amateur organizations and the
amendment was passed to print without
opposition.
The board adopted a resolution directing
the Auditor to investigate the matter of
duplicate payments of taxes and for sums
paid in excess to the Tax Collector, to
ascertain whether such moneys have been
paid into the treasury by the Tax Col
lector and if the same have not been paid
and sufficient evidence is presented by the
petitioner to show a just claim to demand
of the Tax Collector that such moneys be
paid by him into the treasury that a de
mand for the amount may be drawn upon
the Treasurer, payable to such persons
holding proper receipts therefor.
A resolution was also adopted In rela
tion to the applications of persons claim
ing to have paid taxes on property upon
the real and personal property rolls, to
the effect that if the Auditor find the
same has not been properly posted to the
credit of the property and that said
moneys were paid into the treasury, he
Is directed to submit to the Supervisors
for approval a demand on the treasury in
favor of the Tax Collector for said sums,
the same to be posted by the Tax Col
lector to the credit of the property of the
petitioner.
A communication was received from the
Auditor calling attention to the fact that
it has heretofore been the custom for the
Tax Collector to sign receipts with a rub
ber stamp, which action the Auditor con
siders Illegal, and suggesting that the Tax
Collector be directed to sign receipts here
after in writing. Referred to judiciary
Committee.
Scheme Declared Illegal.
A communication was received from
City and County Attorney Franklin K.
Lane giving his opinion In the matter of
holding back the June salaries of em
ployes until after July 1, same to be paid
out of funds of the next fiscal year. The
City Attorney says there is no authority
for such action under the new charter
and he holds that it would be illegal.
The City and County Attorney also ad
vised the Supervisors that the acceptance
by the city of the sum of $7327 50 tendered
by the London and San Francisco Bank
could In no way injure the suit of the city
for an additional amount: The grder au
thorizing partial payment of disputed
taxes was thereupon referred to the Ju
diciary Committee.
Petitions Received'
The following petitions were received
and referred to the proper committees:
Mount Wablo Wine Company for permission
to erect and maintain an upright four-horse
power tubular boiler In the second story of the
frame building at 128 and 130 First street; Mrs.
John R. Sautter, asking that the pound limits
be extended to Onondago avenue and to Ale
many avenue: Eureka Valley and Park Lane
Improvement Club, for Spring Valley* water
mains in Serpentine place. Lower Terrace and
Saturn street, and for hydrants at the corners
of Saturn. Lower Terrace, Serpentine place
and Pluto streets: Market Street and Eureka
Valley Imorovement Club and residents of
State street and vicinity, calling attention to
the alleged dangerous nulsancs maintained by
Gray Brothers on State street, consisting of
a brick-making plant and a large oil tank, and
asking for the abandonment of Jhe same;
Qulmby & Harrelson. for an extension of sixty
days' time on contract for the construction of
a concrete archway at the intersection of Berk
shire street and the Southern Pacific Railroad
track: C. M. Farrell and James Kltterman, on
benalf of • b6at owners and bath house pro
prietors, calling attention to the nuisance
caused, by the pumping of coal tar into the
bay by the Equitable Gas Light Company, and
asking that it be abated; Master Horseshoers'
Association, to have the - shoeing of all the
horses of the Fire Department done by mem.
bers of- the association; property owners and
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, MARCH 6, 1900.
residents, for the placing of an electric light
at the corner of Valley and Dolores streets:
committee on fire ordinances, ¦ Fire Department
and Board of Fire Underwriters of the Pacific,
for the rescinding of the resolutions providing
for the removal of. 160 hydrants, .in order that
the efficiency of the fire protection of the city
may not.be seriously impaired;, George Schln
delex Harry D. Morris and . Joseph H. Currier,'
for nermlssion :to . place a steam boiler and
fifteen-horsepower engine on the premises at
the east side of Eighth : street, about sixty
eight feet north of Brannan; A. P. Van Duier,
requesting the recall . of . the salary .warrant of
$50 In favor of. Gong Tyng, assistant Chinese
Inspector, on the ground that he is not a citi
zen of the United States; property owners and
residents, to change the name of Jessie street,
between Thirteenth and Fourteenth, "to Wood
wards avenue; Frank Magrb, I for permission to
place a bootblack stand back of the Hall of
Justice; Felix McHugh, : for permission to con
struct, by private contract, a sewer in Cali
fornia street, between .Twentieth and Twenty
first avenues;- Plumbers' • Association, urging
that all possible support be given the Board of
Health. . -
Resolutions Passed to Print.
The following , resolutions were passed
to print: ...:.. . ¦
Granting permission to ' th* City Street Im
provement Company, to repair with bitumen
the roadway of Post j street, between I Post
street and Grant avenue, and on Second street,
avenue and Utah street, private l contract:
J. J. Dowllng & Co., to pave with bitumen the
roadway of McAllister street, between Baker
and Broderlck. by private • contract, and re
scinding the resolution previously passed grant
ing permission for the work to the Pacific Pav
ing Company; Fred ¦ Letfler. to construct a
sewer in Eighteenth street, between San Bruno
avenue and Utah street. private contract;
accepting roadway* of York street, between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth streets;
Flynn^ft Treaoy, to pave with bitumen the
roadway of Jackson . street, between Lyon
street and Central avenue, private contract,
and to construct ten-inch sewer therein; pri
vate contract. . ¦
Resolutions were adopted directing: the Board
of Public Works to permit the retention of
artificial stone curblngs whenever street work
is to be done, provided they are in rood con
dition; referring protest of Bernard Poss
aralngt the blasting operations now being con
ducted on Telegraph Hill, between Green and
Bansome streets, to the Board of Public Works
for Investigation; referring to- Board of Pub
lic Works the question of whether $3450 is a
fair valuation for property of R. C. de Boom,
taken by the city for construction of a sewer
at Ml-slon and Canal, streets; referring to
City Attorney the petition of the Coaat and
Belt Railroad for franchise over certain street*:
granting Pacific Surety Company until April
30 in which to complete the Hall of Justlo*.
Acceptance of Street Work.
The Board of Public Works recommended the
acceptance of Potrero avenue, Seventeenth to
Martpoaa streets, paved with bitumen by pri
vate contract; also the crossing of Seventeenth
street and Potrero avenue, paved with bitumen
by private contract. ¦ ¦ ¦- . -
AMUSEMENTS.
A ~"~~ Greatest
Dramati- Play
Triumph! Ever!
THOUSANDS TfRNED AWAY AT EVERY
PERFORMANCE.
Darkest Russia
Interpreted by a
PEERLESS COMPANY AND STAGED WITH
MOST ELAKORATE DETAIL.
? Heart Story Deftly Woven With Clean,
Bright, Wholesome Comedy.
March i:>— A Magnificent Spectacular Produc-
tion of "THE BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND."
IVt— Children on the Stage— Soo.
CALIFORNIA^ THEATER.
THE MUSICAL EVENT OF THE SEASON.
, THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS
ON THE
¦WAGNER OPERAC AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
Under the direction of C L. Graft.
GRAND OPENING PERFORMANCE
THIS (TUESDAY) AFTERNOON AT 2:l*.
"TANNHAUSLRc."
MME. GADPKI Elizabeth
DAVID BISPHAM Volfram
ANTON 6CHOTT Tannhauser
WALTER I>AMP.OSCH Musical Director
Tizttikf Aftsrtcot. X&rea 8, "Fljisg Dctchsm."
Ttiitj Afternoon, March 0. "Xeitttriingtr"
SECOND WEEK.
Evenincs of March 12, 13 and 14.
Reserved Seats— tl.oo. $1.60, $2.00. J2.60 and ».n«L
NOW ON SALE at the box office.
SHERMAN, CLAY_£ CO.'S HALL.
To-Morrow CWednesday) Afteixoon st 3:30
2d Explanatory Recital at the Piano
BY
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH
Under the direction of C. L. GRAFT.
ON THE
WAGNER OPF.RAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
FIRST RECITAL.
"DIE WALKURE."
Saturday. March 10 SIEGFRIED
Monday. March 12 OOTTERDAMMERUNO
Wednesday. March 14 PARFIFAL
Saturday. March 17. ...TRISTAN AND ISOLDE
General udmifFion. $1; reserved seats, $1 SO.
On Sole at SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S.
JT'Y'T'D A In order to accommodate the
«—^^ a I\/~V» demand for B»*.t», an addi-
tional 'performance of "The Old Homestead"
will bf given Sunday niirht.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
DENMAN THOMPSON
Appearing as Uncle Josh in
The Old Homestead.
FA RE WTXL— SUNDA V NIGHT— FAREWELL
Next MONDAY— William Gillette's Comedy.
¦ BECAUSL SHU LOVED HIM 20 '
Seat Sale begins Thursday.
*TIVOLi*
"HOOT MON, THEY CANNA RESIST ME!"
59th PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT
• ' Of the Superb Comic Opera,
The Idol's Eye.
KVENINGS at *. MATINEE SATURDAT at «.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
TELEPHONE— Dush t.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
N —
TOU CAN'T RESIST LAUGHING.
THE SAUCY. FUNNY FARCE.
Never Again
EVERY NIGHT THTS WEEK.
15c, 25c "S!ATiif D -35c."50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week- -~- DIPLOMACY.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1800
February 3> to March 10, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Fire or more races each day.
Races Mart at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Kerr» -boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:S0. L ISO. 2. 2:30 and > p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at . the . entrance to the
track. Last two cans on train reserved tor la-
dies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
lerry tickets to Shell Mound. - AU train* via
OstV ml mole connect with .Ran Pablo avenua
elCLiric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo arenuo cars at Fourteenth
¦nd Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen I'nutes.
Returning— Trains leave the tra^ at 4;15 and
«:<5 i> m. and Immediately after II s last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R- B. MILROY. Secretary.
Unsanitary Condition of Schools.
Superintendent of Schools Webster has
received notice that the Eraer?on Primary
School, on Pine street, between Devisa-
dero and Scott, and the South End School,
in Vigltacion Valley, are both in a fright-
fully unsanitary condition. The matter
will be reported to the Board of Education
at Its meeting: to-morrow and Immediate
steps will be taken to remedy the existing
evils. There are no connecting sewers be-
tween the vaults and the main sewer at
the schools.
Attorney Powers was busy yesterday
with the Superintendent checking off the
names of a number of teachers who have
not as yet signed the agreement releasing
the Union Trust Company from liability
in the matter of the transfer of $7000 from
$27,000 held in trust for merchant creditors
and teachers to the credit of the teachers'
salary demands. Those who have not yet
signed may do so at the oillce of L. de F.
Bartlett. •
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
~~~*~-~~~~~~ AMALQ A MATOBS, "
SAVE GOLD— Kroeh Mfsr. Co.. » Stevenson
«t. Amalgamators. Sand Centrifugal Pumpa.
REACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES fine rold. In dally operation at 254
Beale ct.. Ban Francisco.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE Improved Gold Separator & Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. €9 Stevenson Ft.
GASOLINE E.NGINES.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS is filling
large numbers of orders for Nome. 141-143
FlrFt ft.. 8. F.
OOLO SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Oo!d Savlne Machine. 229 Fbl-
¦om street. Oriental Gas Erxrine Company.
OILS.
LUBRICATING Oll t Crude Oil and Gasoline.
ENPIGN & MKJUFFICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F.
PLATES FOR SAVING GOLO.
Schaezlein &. Burrldge, 3 Hardie place. OS
Kearny. between Eutter and Bush streets.
PORTABLR HOUSES.
BURNHAiI-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist Ftc, Oakland, or Builders' Ex., S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
Lift Gold-Besrinr Sands perfectly. In opera-
tlon at 62S Sixth st BYRON JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market st
DREDGING PUMPS
Oil. GajM>llne, Steam Holrts. Centrifugal Pumps,
Enginesißollers.Hendj-aach.Wka.. 4J Fremont.
PUMPS AND GASOLINE SNOINES.
All kinds of Pumps and Gasoline Engines.
WOODIN tc LITTLE. 312 Market St.. 8. F.
ENGINES, BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER A HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers;
lowest prices on the coast. Pine & Davis sts.
TENTS AND < OVERS.
NEVILLE & CO.. manufacturers, bags, tents,
covers. SI and 23 California st.
AMUSEMENTS.
The Greatest Iffll in a Year!
THE S MEDLEY SKETCH CLUBI
ANNA WHITXBT.
Imperial Troupe of Moorish Acrobats,
Ten in Number.
KEWHOUSE AND WARD; THE FRANKS
TRIO; PAULINE MORAS; TROVOLLO;
THE DANCING PASSPARTS.
THE
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH !
DO NOT MISS THE
NEW BOER WAR VIEWS
Reserved seats. 25 cents; balcony, 10 cents;
opera, chairs and box seats, CO cents.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN tM.
EVERY EVENING. SATURDAY AND BUN-
DAY MATINEES.
A GLORIOUS ENTERTAINMENT. THE
;> v :, TOPIC OF THE HOUR IS TUB
IMMENSE WIT
Of' Rice's Famous Musical Eccentricity,
THE GIRL
FROMPARIS
USUAL PRICES.
Good renorved seat In orchestra Saturday and
Punday matinee*. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium. '
MECHANICS' PAVILION."'
NORRIS & ROWirS BIG TRAINED
ANIMAL SHOWS.
EVERY AFTERNOON AT t:».
EVERY NIGHT AT 8 O'CLOCK.
300-PERFORMING ANIMALS-300
EXCITING RACES.
A BIG MORAL SHOW.
BRING THE CHILDREN THIS
AFTERNOON. . .
PRICES:
ADULTS, 2SC CHILDREN,' Me,
7Sun, Moon and Tide.
The week opened with a good business In
'securities on the morning session. ; All stocks
' were firm except Spring '• Valley '¦ Water and
Market-Street Railroad, which shaded off. Gas
& Electrlo was higher at $54 50, and the sugar
stocks were generally firm. Giant Powder sold
up to $90 i2%.^ .•¦ -- •¦¦ :.,; ¦ ¦ • ¦ .
¦ . Business . continued - lively. In : the . afternoon,
with a number of . fluctuations. Paauhau ad
vanced to $28. - Kllauea to $20, Gas ft Electric
to $55 62V4. - Alaska Packers' to $121, Giant
Powder to $90 76 . under an active business.
Contra , Costa .Water to . $72 BO and Hawaiian
Commercial /to $86. . There were no ¦ deprecia
tions worthy of note. = '.-.-_. '
The oil stocks exhibited no new features.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
<;.-"¦ MONDAY, March 6— 2 p. ' m. •
.Bid.Ask. ¦-•-.;¦:¦. B»d.Aak.
TJ S Bonds— ' ¦ . * Eqult G L Co. 3% 4
4s quar coup.. 114% — , Mutual ElCo. — .12%
4s quar reg.... —^114% OGL ft H.... SO 60%
4s quar new. ..136 — Pac Gas Imp. .56% —
3s quar coup..—-;— Pac ' L;C0..... 44 44%
Miscellaneous— ' SFG ft E.... 55% 66
Cal-st Cab'ss..ll7 — ' San Francisco. ¦ 4%. " 4%
C C Wat 55....10«% — • Stockton Gas.. 10 —
Ed L & P «5..12 a — Insurance— aCaKfIRPK
F&CI Ry 65..115H — Flrem's Fund. 226 228%
Geary-et R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
HCft 8 6%5.105 ; 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. — (I
Do 55.........10«% — -'• Bankof Cal.. 405 —
L A'Ry 65.:.;i05: 105% Cal S D ft T.V 93%100
LA L Co 55.. — ; — • First ; Nat10n1..250 : 805
Do gntd 6s.V— — - Lon P,& A.... 133 — !
Do -gntd '»"..' — 103 Merchants' Ex 14 —¦¦
LAft P R 55.102%102% Nev Nat 8k... — —
Market-st 6s. ..127% — Savings Banks—
• -Do UfM 55..116 Vi — ¦: Ger. SA- L..1500 —
NCN G R 75.106 r— ; Hum Sft L. — _f?
NR of Cal G5.113%114 Mut Sav.Bk-45 —
..Do ss. ..¦.".. ...116- — S;F:Sav U. 507 Vi —
NPC R R 68.103% — Say & L So. 74 78
• .Do 65. ..V.... 106%107. Sec Say. Bk. — —
NCR R SS/.109 —- v Union iT Co.' —^ — '
Oak GL&H ts.lll • - Street Railroads—
Oak Tran 65."..112 113 .* California: 118U122
Oak WCo 55.. 105 — - Geary-st"-.' £0 —
Oceanic SS C0.103%106% Market-st Ry. 62% 63
Om C Ry.65...127%128 OSL ft H...V- A SO
P ft Cl Ry 65:.104<4 —•, Presidio ....... 13 *_ -
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — " : Powder Stocks— .
Powell-at R 65.117 .,'— California ....150 ICO »
Sac L G&R 6s.— "100 . Giant Con Co. 90% 91. ~
SF & SJV.-5a.117-- — Vlßorlt ...::... 2U zai
SRy of Cal 63.105V2100 '. ; Sugar Stock«»- .
S P of A 6a...Uo%imi Hana S P Co. S% 8?i
S P C 6s(l£os).ll'> Ul - Haw C ft S Co 86% _.
Do (1906) 112 113 . Honokaa S Co. 29% —
,Do (1912).. —. — Hutch S P Co. 26' —
. Do Ist cc ss. —- — < Kilauea S Co. 19% 20 '
S P Br 65... ...127 — ' Makawell S Co 46% 4614
S V .Wot : 65. . .114 ¦ 116 • Onomea S Co. .' 27>A 2S»X
D»4«....::.*.1t4» -;i Paauhau S C 0 . :28 - 2SU
S V W 45(3dm)102% — '.' '¦-.¦"
Stktn Gas 65.: ~/~— . Al Packs Assnl2o<il2l '
- Water : Stocks— -j ;':¦'- Cal Fruit Assn 89ii —%.
Contra Costa.. 72% 72* i Mer,Ex Assn. —7 99U
Marin County., SO — r , Oceanic S Co. 93% 93V4
Spring Valley. 98% 99 Pac A F A... t —
r.-Gas Sz Electric—, r -.- JPac C Bor C 0.147% — . '
Cent G L C... — — ' I Par. Paint Co.. 10 .— —
Cent Lft P.... 4 4%, :
Morning -. Session. t
Board— « • . ..
200 Contra Costa Water, 590... .......;. 72 00 *
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. March B.— Attention In the
•tock market continued to be largely diverted
to the feverish and excited fluctuations of a
•mall number of stocks. Manipulation by the
boars was largely responsible for the changes.
In the case of Sugar the operations of the
professional traders were Interrupted by the
unexpected artlon of the directors In declaring
a <iuarterly dividend of 1% per cent on - the
common etock. This sudden tearing aside of
the veil of mystery rather nonplused the pro
fessional traders, who had counted upon a
period of uncertainty until Wednesday In
which to circulate vague tips and to keep up
¦n excited fluctuation In the stock with op
portunities for profit both up and down. The
cutting la half of the dividend was about
what Wall street sentiment had settled upon.
Hut coming suddenly upon the half-executed
plans of the sj>eculatlve contingent It left
them all «t sea. The stock opened under
l>res«ure. but after falling nearly 2 points en
<-<tunterrd vigorous mipport and was rallied to
]05'/S by noon.. A 2000-share lot was taken at
that price when the news became known of
the dividend sx-tlon. Enormous Felling for both
accounts Immediately followed >n< i t r » price
•slumped by wide breaks with occasional spas
modic rallies to 97. Fluctuations were wild on
the recovery to par. The flood of-offeringi pre
vented the rise above, but on the reaction to
•ft large buying was again in evidence, which
rallied It to S»'i. where it closed with a net
)oi«s of 1%. In the half-hour after midday
iranractlor.s In this fingle stock reached the
enormous ascresratc of 62.000 shares. ' There
•were sharp breaks la Tobacco and Tenne«»ee
«.oal at the rninw time with the slump In
Hujf*r. but the general market was not af
•erte-!. In fart the stock market gave evi
dence cf its relief over the settlement of this
«.i.«turljing question by a smart rally, many
<r the railroad stocks rising to the best prict-s
of the day. The market was again unsettled
la the late dealing* by an attack on Steel
Ilor/p People's Gas and Consolidated Oag, <j r j v .
ing them down 1 to 4 points. New York Cen
tral reacted 1%. but otherwise the railroad list
was a little active and retained a fair sprinkling
«l net gains. Third Avenue, after having
risen to LS% was forced down to U In the late
dealings and Tennessee Coal also yielded to
pressure. A quotation of SH per cent was
made for call money In the coty-ae of the late
bear raid on stocks. The money market dur
ing the <!ay showed no sign of disturbance and
there was no evidence of liquidation being
forced by the calling of loans. There was not
a factor In this market.
The bond market was rather doll and Ir
regular. Total eales, par \alue, »i; 760.000.
United States bond* were unchanged In bid
quotations. '
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
CuftTfS . . . V^JOBIDg
7,933 Atcnlson ••«•••••¦•••••••••••••••••••••• ZZ79
25.«»0 Atchison prefd 65%
3.600 Baltimore ft Ohio 62
200 Canadian Pacific 98
416 Canada Southern *6H
800 Chesapeake ft Ohio 2SH
9.100 Chicago Burlington ft Qumcy 123%
2,700 Chicago Ind ft Loulevllle 21H
Chicago Ind ft Louisville prefd. 63
Chicago ft East Illinois »iVi
Chicago «c Northwestern 158
1,260 Chicago Rock Island and Pacific. ...lo6%
C C C ft St Louis £8%
1,2(0 Colorado Southern 6\t
467 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43
400 Colorado Southern 2d prefd '16%
Delaware ft Hudson 115
Delaware Lackawanna ft Western. .lSO
". Denver ft Rio Grande 1 19^4 ,
SOO Denver & Rio Grande prefd 7H*
129 Erie 12%
- Erie Ist rrefd S7VI
S'S Great Northern prefd 157
Hocking Coal IS.i
Hocking Valley 33H
120 Illinois Central 113
100 lowa Central .....14
400 lowa Central srefd 47»4
800 Kensas City Pitts & Gulf .._ 12*
Lake Erie * Western 20^-'
Lake Krl* & Western prefd 83U '
Lake Shore 194
2.750 Louisville ft Nashville....... 81%
3.810 Manhattan L ..U 94
2,025 M«»trojH>litan Street Railway 169
200 Mexican Central ..... 12
100 Minn & St Louis ....- 61"*
Minn ft St Louis prefd 91\f
1,300 Missouri Pacific 45'-t
Mobile ft Ohio 43>4
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10H
200 MiFMUrt Kansas ft Texas prefd 32%
100 New Jersey Central 115%
6,060 New York Central 133H
2.510 Norfolk & Western 32
1,510 Norfolk * Western prefd 75%
2.X» Northern Pacific 52%
Northern Pacific prefd 74
2.4J0 Ontario ft Western 23H
Oregon Railway ft Navigation 42
Oregon Railway ft Nay prefd 76
18,550 Pennsylvania 134%
Reading ISH
2,600 Reading Ist prefd £S%
100 Reading 2d prefd: 29V4
Rio Grande Western 52Vi
Rio Grande Western prefd 87
St Louis & San Francisco 10U
St Louis ft S F Ist prefd 6SH
2CO St Louis ft S F 2J prefd 84
1,810 St Louis Southwestern 11%
950 Ft Louis Southwestern prefd 29 •
$,740 Pt Paul 12U4
200 St Paul prefd 171
Ft Paul & Omaha 106
5.500 Southern Pacific 37*4
4.E10 Southern Railway 134
7.130 Southern Railway prefd 67%
1.150 Texas ft Pacific 16V4
11.100 Union Pacific 49%
6,250 T'nlon Pacific urefd 74
Wabash 64
Wabash prefd 20%
{.00 Wheeling ft Lake Erie 10%
100 Wheeling ft Lake Erie prefd 27%
Wisconsin Central 17V4
Expreps Companies —
100 Adams 113
150 American 145
United States 45
Wells, Fargo ft Co's 123
Miscellaneous —
140- American Cotton Oil 33*4
American Cotton Oil prefd 83
(00 American Malting 4%
100 American Malting prefd 22%
$00 American Smelting ft Refining 59%
..*. Am'Smeltlng ft Refining prefd 89
American Spirits J 2
American Spirits rrefd 17
8,425 American Steel Hoop 34%
150 American Steel Hoop prefd 80
6.253 American Stel'ft Wire 55
American Steel ft Wire crefd 80\J
£10 American Tin Plate 31%
American Tin Plate 81
14,750 American Tobacco 104%
American Tobacco prefd 133%
Anaconda Mining Co 44
28.155 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 66%
910 Colorado Fuel ft Iron 44%
r»0 Continental Tobacco 30%
190 Continental Tobacco prefd 84
6.452 Federal Steel 51%
400 Federal Stel prefd 72%
200 General Electric 124
Glucose Sugar SI
Glucose Sugar prefd 95V4
1,210 International Paper 19
SjO International Paper prefd 65
Laclede Gas .........\. 75
210 National Biscuit ......*. 36
National Biscuit rrefd ....90
625 National Lead 23%
National L*ad prefd.. 103%
4,530 National Steel 42
National Steel prefd 93
200 New York Air Brake 127
200 North American 14^4
Pacific Coast 49
Pacific Coast Ist Drefd 80
Pacific Coast'2d prefd ..; 60
300 Pacific Mall :........ 37%
E7.CS6 People's Gas ... 93%.
Pressed Steel Car 53%.
Pressed Steel Car 85%
100 Pullman Palace Car 184
9.10 Standard Rooe ft Twine) 5
160.SRS Sugar 99%
Sugar prefd 108
4.555 Tennessee Coal ft Iron 93%
6,770 United States Leather II
United States Leather prerd 71%
United States Rubber 32%
125 United States Rubber prefd 92
1.501 Western Union ...J...: 82%
125 Republic Iron ft Steel 21%
1.965 Republic Iron ft Steel prefd 66%
" 625 PCCft St Louis 65
513,000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDB,
US 2s reg 103 MKft T 2d CS
V 8 3s reg UVi M X & T 4s 9H4
U S 3s c0up.... '....UUt N" V Cent Ist* ....1C9 7 /»
U S new 4s i«»c....J37'.l N J Cent gen 5s i:, V"i
U S new 4s c0«ip.. .13714 No Carolina t5.... 127
TJ 8 old 4s rep 116U No Carolina 4s:/.. 108
U 8 old 4s c0up... .117,4 No Pacific 8s 6H%
U R 5s reg Paclflo 4».. 1037,
U S Es coup 115'iiN V C ft St L 45..10S
Dlst of Col 3-655...118 Nor ft W gen 55...150
Atchison gen 45... .101*4 Or Nay lata 110
Atchlson adj 45.... 8ay«:Or Nay 4s 102H
Canada South 2di..1C8 Oregon 8 L 65.. ..128
Ches ft Ohio 4V£s... 97% Oregon S L con 65. 114
Cbes ft Ohio 6s 119 Read Gen 4s : BSH
C ft NW con 75. ...141 R O West -sts 97H
Cft NW PFdeb3s..l2l St Lft I M con 65. 111%
Chicago Term 45.. 93>4 St L ft S F gen 65. 120
Col So 45...; 83<»>8t .Paul con 167%
D ft R G lsts lf!3«.i StA* C & P 15t5,...120»i
D * R G 4s. ... *S4'St P C ft P 55....:,115%
E T Va ft Ga l«s..l01«*jSo Paclflo 4s 83H
Erie gen 45... 1.... 71 J Pouth Ry 65.. ......103%
Ft W ft D C lsts.. 72 ' Stand R ft T 55.... 76
General Elec 5s 120 Term new set 3s- 93
GHftS A 6s 109 Tft P lsts 114
.G H ft 8 A 2ds 197Vi'T ft P 2ds 524
H ft TC Ss 110' i ITnlon Pacific 45...10:iH
Hft T C con «5....H2 Wabash lsts 116%
lowa Cent lets lismwabash 2ds 9S',a
X C P ft O lsts.... '72%. West Shore 4s 114>4
La new con 4s Wi-Va centuries ?K
L& N unified »9H Va deferred 8>»
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 27 Ontario f 75
Crown Point 13 Ophlr 55
Con Cal ft Va .... 1 45 Plymouth 14
D«adwood 5S Quicksilver I 60
Gould ft Curry.... 15] Quicksilver prefd.. 750
Hale, ft Norcross.. 311Slerra Nevada..... 32
Homestake 50 00 Standard 2 S3
Iron Silver ........ 70' Yellow Jacket...... It
Mexican 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End.......... 93'^
Time loans 3%5» Westlnghouse Elec 42
Call loans 3 WVt Wis Central 17
Stocks— Bonds—
A T & S F 22% i Atchlson 45......... 99
A T &. S F prefd.. (S«INE Gas ft Coks 6s 71
American Sugar... 99 Mining Shares-
Am Sugar prefd. -.108 Adventure 4%
Bell Telephone 310 Allouez Mnc C 0... 2";
Boston Elevated... 118 " Amalg ' Copper..... 91 U
Boston & Maine.. .ls6 Atlantic 21ft
C B * Q. 123% Boston ft M0nt. ..270
Dominion C0a1.:... 43 Butte ft 805t0n...: S7.'
Dom Coal prefd. ..ll6 Cal & Hecla, ex d.725
Federal Steel....;. 61U Centennial 16H
Federal Steel • pref 72V4 Franklin 14
Fltchburg prefd. ..lSO- Osceola 73
Mexican Central... 11% Parrot 42.
Mich Telephone.... 99 - Quincy"....:........183 :
N E Gas ft C0ke. ..19 , Santa Fe Copper..v6H
Old C010ny... ....... 207- Tamarack ...... .V.IM
THE STOCK MARKET.
Steamer Movements.
ARRIVED.
MON'DAT. March S.
V 8 «tmr ¦Warren. Hart. 41 day* from Manila.
via Hongkong 38 day*, via Guam 24 days. ?>«
Honolulu 1 days. •
Stmr Alcatraa. Carlson, 43 hours from N«w-
Stmr Portland. Knudsen. 94 hoar* from Oyster
Strar Del Norte. Allen, 33 hours from Trini
dad.
Stmr Signal. Bendegard. IV% days from Co
lumbia River. .
Stmr Albion. Erlcson, 20 hour* from Fort
Brags.
Stmr Grac* Dollar. Fosen. 39 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Envoi re. Nelson, 634 hours from Coos
Bay.
Cleone. Madsen. 1« hours from Albion.
Stmr Georite Loomls, BrtdKett. 34 hours from
Ventura.
U S stmr Grant. Buford. 27 days 3 hours from
Manila, via Nagasaki 20 days, via Kobe IS days.
Fr bark Grande Duchesse. Maheo, 135 days
from. Antwerp. • . -
Bchx Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bo
dega.
CLEARED.
MONDAY. March ».
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. Eureka; Goodall. Per
kins ft Co.
Br ship Aristldes. Pcypy. London; Balfour,
Guthrle A Co. '
Stmr Pomona, Alexander. San Diego; Good
all. Perkins * Co.
Br ship Peleus, Sha&land. Queenstown; Ep
plnger ft Co. .
Br »hlp Celtic Monarch. Lewis, Queenstown;
Balfour, Guthrie ft Co.
Br bark Pass of Kllliecrankle. Vint. Queens
town; Balfour. Outhrle ft Co. ;. - ;
SAILED.
MONDAY. March «.
Stmr Laella, Miller. Eureka.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson. Grays Har
bor.- '•••¦-
Stmr Del Norte. Allen, Newport.
- Stmr Orizaba. Hlnkle. Eureka.
Bark S C Allen. Johnson. Honolulu.
, . TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 5. 10 P- m.— We*th«
cloudy; wind S, velocity. 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived March 4-Bark
Mermaid, from Seattle; bark Agat«. from Port
TownsenJ; achr . Charles E Falx. from Port
Townsend.
Sailed March 4— Schr Maid of Orleans, for San
Francisco; scbr Helene. for Honolulu. March
s— Schr C S Holmes, for San Pedro.
PORT. LOS ANGELES— Arrived March 8—
Stmr Sequoia, from Fort Bragg. -
COOS BAY— Arrived March s— Stmr Arcata,
hence March 3. ¦
PORT GAMBLE— Balled March 4— Schr John
A. for Kallua.
' SEATTLE— Arrived March 4— Stmr City of
Seattle, from Skaguay: ship Servla. from Port
Townsend. March — Br bark B P Cheney, for
"an JPEDRO-Salled March S^Stmr San Pe
dro, for San Francisco, \
. ASTORlA— Arrived March B— Stmr Homer.
h FOR? e BTSAGG!I:SaIIedB T SAGG ! I:SalIed March 5-Stmr Ruth.
'"bInTON "oV^Arrlved March J-Schr Jo~p»
5 Mar^h 28 " 4-Schr Ll.zl-
Van^rVm San'p^ro; jchr W 8 Phelp. from.
X^iw'M»r?r^lt C mr ISunol.1 Sunol. for San Fran-
MANILA-Sailed March 4-Br .tmr Westmin
"lWeßPOOL^^ ft«SShlp Brlt-
I .^ 4-Br ship Earl of
D^PURNHEAD-Pa ? ,TeT March 3 - Br bark
lifdon HmTfrom Newcastle. Eng. for San
F ™HIELDS-Sa!!ed March 2-Br ship Ben Lee.
fO C-#wCASTLE la NSW-In port. February t
«a,i^A«nor for Honolulu: ship Bangalore, for
Sn P FVanc°sco: Br ship Glenlul. for Honolulu:
fhlD 1123 a. ' or Honolulu: ship John C Potter,
for HonSluin: schr Lyman D Foster, for Hono
lnhi-bMne Robert Sudden, for Honolulu: Br
info Windsor Park.' for San Francisco.
Saile.l January 21-Br ship Htlston. for Hono
lulii January 23— Br ship Grenada, for Hono
ium: January 2*-Haw bark Himalaya, for
Honolulu. . ¦".¦-.•"
: 100 Contra Costa Waten '¦ 90-. ......... Tl 75
100 Contra Costa Water. s:«0 7150
100 Olant Powder Con. s 90....'. 89 00"
-•5 Giant-Powder Con-".:.;.:......- 89 S!«4
6 Giant Powder Con 89 371 a
.110 Giant' Powder. Con 90 00
5 Giant Powder Con- .'.../.... 90 12V4
10 Giant Powder Con/.« »0.. 90 00 ¦
60 Hutchlnson S P.Co; 25 75 .'
40 Hutchinson S P Co. b 1.. 36 CO
20 Hutchlnspn.S P Co-.V.... 28 00
ISO Honokaa Sugar Co 30 00
40 Honokaa Sugar. Co-.. ...? 29 97%
160 Makawell Sugar Co ....:. 46 25
100 Market-st Railway 63 00
$15,000 Northern Railway of Cal (¦..'......113 75
20 Oceanic S S Co .'S3 25
90 Onomea Sugar Co '....2700
60 Paauhau S P Co ......v;.. 27.75 '.
35 S F Gas A Electric Co, ¦ SO 64 50
150 S F Gas & Electric Co 64 50
41 Spring Valley Water ".. 98 50
20 Spring .Valley .Water, cash 98 50
. : Afternoon ' Sesaion. -
Board — ¦ • "
20 Alaska Packers' Association ........121 00
100 Contra Costa Water. ." 72 00
210 Contra Costa Water .¦; 72 BO
10 Giant Powder. Con 90 00
220 Giant Powder Con 90 25 •
150 Giant Powder Con *0 50
80 Giant Powder Con *0 37H
35 Giant Powder Con "... 90 62*
90 Giant Powder Con ..9075
15 Hana Plantation Co 8 73
CO Hawaiian Com' l. ft Sugar ".. 85 23
10 Hawaiian Com'l ft Sugar SS 00
40 Honokaa 8 Co '.. ...:»00
100 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 19 75
60 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 00
- 255 Makawell Sugar. Co 46 37ft
10 Oakland Gas B0 25
10 Oakland Gas .. 60 12H
, 20 Oakland Gas '. 50 CO
I $2000 Omnibus Cable Cs 127 90
230 Onomea Sugar Co 27 00
• 90 Paauhau S P Co.! 2S 00
25 Pac Gas Imp-.... 6S 50
75 Fae Gas Imp 67 00 *
10 8 F Gas A Electric C 0....... 84 75
60 S F Gas ft Electric Co 55 0O
78 8 F Gas A Electric Co.. 55 25
S 8 F Gas ft Electric Co 55 iO
23 S F Oat ft Electric C 0..... SS S2H
208 S F Gaslight 4 30*
S3OCO Sierra Ry of Cal Ss 109 00
$WOO S P Branch Ry 6* 127 00
59C00 S P. of A b0nd5...:...... 11l 00
13 Bprlng Valley Water .....'. 98 25
20 Spring Valley Water W 50
45 Spring Valley Water 88 37V4
$100 U 8 8s 11l 60
Street— , ' .
$10,000 Northern Ry of Cal es 113 75
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
i - Morning Session.
Board—
100 Barker Ranch ..115
300 Anaconda SO
Afternoon Sesaion.
Board — "
ICO Anaconda C 5
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— *\ \i"v
200 Home 0i1.'.: 1 15
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Home OH, b 30. S 69
MINING STOCKS.
The following are the sale* in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.' •'; '.
800 Alpha Con .... 04; 300 Mexican 27
300 Andes 11l 300 Mexican 23
700 Belcher 31 400 Ophlr (1
200 Belcher ........ 30 200 Ophlr «0
3CO Belcher 2S 150 Ophlr 53
600 Best & Belcher. 40 1400 Overman 28
600 Best & Belcher. 41 400 Overman ¦ 24
200 Best & Belcher. 37 700 Overman 23
400 Best & Belcher. , 36 200 Potosl 10
50 Caledonia ...... 73 300 Potosl ~~ 29
200 Challenge Con.. 27 £00 Potosl 23
700 Chollar 28 400 Potosl 27
400 Chollar 27 800 Savage IS
350 C C & Va 1 52>i 300 Savage 14
200 C C & Va ..1 57 500 Seg Belcher..... 05
550 CC & Va.....l 57H 600 Sierra Nevada. 4»
1100 C C & Va 1 60 200 Union Con 24
, 200 C C & Va 160 300 Yellow Jacket.. 20
1500 Crown Point... 15 200 Yellow ' Jacket.. »
700 Gould & Curry. 17 200 Yellow Jacket.. 21
SOO Gould & Curry. 15
: -' ¦'~ i ' Afternoon Session.
100 Andea 11l 200 Ophlr 58
85 Andes 09| 300 Overman 23
300 Best & Belcher. 3Si 600 Overman 24
50 Caledonia 73 800 Seg Belcher.... 05
600 C C & Va 150 200 Sierra Nevada. 37
100 CC* Va 1 47H 500 Silver Hill OS
200 Crown Point... 15 400 Silver Hill .... 07
200 Justice.. OS 200 Union Con .... 25
200 Mexican ........ 24 SCO Yellow Jacket.. 20
200 Ophlr 67
The following are the sales in the> San Fran
cisco Stock and Bond Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alta 07 400 Mexican 25
100 Andes 12 400 Occidental 17
100 Belcher 29 600 Ophlr 59
200 Belcher ........' 30 • 30 Ophlr SO
400 Best A Belcher. 38 400 Overman 28
100 Caledonia 80 909 Overman 35
100 Caledonia ...... 77 600 Overman 24
300 Challenge 24 400 Potosl .......... 27
200 Challenge 2S 100 Potoal \. ¦28
800 Chollar 28 600 Savage 14
900 C C A Va 1 60 1000 Seg Belcher.... 03
400 C C & Va 155 450 Sierra . Nevada. 39
250 Confidence . 85 250 Sierra Nevada. 40
200 Crown Point.... 15 300 Silver Hill .... 0»
300 Crown Point 16 400 St Louis .10
SCO Gould & Curry. IS 200 Yellow Jacket.. 21
100 Hale &. N0r.... 34 1 •/
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher ........ 27 W0 Potost *7
200 Challenge 24 100 Sierra Nevada. S3
TOO Chollar 27 300 Silver Hill .... 08
1000 C C & Va 150 200 St Louis V>
100 Mexican 24 50 Union Con 26
300 Ophlr 65 300 Utah 10
900 Overman 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
March 6—4 p. m.
Alpha ...04 0& Kentuck „ C 2 03
Alta ..' W 07 Lady Washtn.. 02 —
Andes 11 12 Mexican ....... 21 26
Belcher ¦ 27. 28 Occidental 16 17
Best & Belcher. 36 38 Ophlr 53 56
Bullion 04 05 Overman 23 24
Caledonia 73 75 Potosl 28 »
Chollar 28 29 Savage 14 15
Challenge Con.. ,23 2T> Scorpion — 03
Confidence — 85 Seg Belcher^... 04 05
CCft Va 1451 50 Sierra Nevada. 36 J?
Con Imperial.. —„ 02 SllVer Hill .... — 08
Con New York — 05 St Louis ...... It 11
Crown Point... 13 15 Standard 2752 80
Exchequer -03 04 Syndicate 05 —
Gould & Curry. 15 17 Union Con .;... 24 23
Hale & N0r.... 31" 3» Utah .../..'.....' 10 11
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 20 21
Justice 07 08 - ? -
Shipping Intelligence.
Chicago Grain Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling TTxchange, sixty days.... — $4 ?5
Sterling Exchange, sight — \.. 488
Sterling Cables .................... — 4 89
New York Exchange/sight — 17H
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69V4
Mexican Dollars 48Vi —
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Spot and future prices wer» lower.
Business was fair on call, but dull on the
spot. ' , yp?7*5 f ;^ > ''f"' "vt'.^.t
Paris advanced. Chicago was weaker, the
heavy world's shipments of 8,000,000 bushels,
the large supply afloat and the Increase 0f.1.
630,000 bushels In the American visible supply
counteracting . the firm foreign cables. There
was a greatly Improved cash demand last week,
however. .¦. ¦ * ' .
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95c: milling. 97Hc®$l.
CALL BOARD SALES.
: Informal Session— May— s4,ooo ctls, 97c; 2000,
97ttc; 4000. %?ic;- 6000. 96% c; 10,000. 96% c De
cember—2ooo, $1 04; 8000, $1 03%; 20,000, $1034;
6000. $1 03%.
Second Session — December — 6000 ctls, $1 OSH-
May— 4ooo, 96% c. .
Regular Morning Session— May— l2,ooo ctls,'
P6-\c: 4000. 96T4c: ,4000, 97c. December— 2ooo,
$1 03%: 8000. $1 C 3%: 4000. $1 m%.
Afternoon Session— May— 6COO ctls, 97c. De
cember-24.000. $1 C 3%.
BARLEY — A good rain all over the State,
and especially in the southern Barley districts,
where it was badly needed, has softened the
market, though holders still ask /previous
PI Feed. 75®77V4e for No. 1 and 65®72%c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 80®87Hc;
Chevalier, nominal. " > ' ' y ."'-.-;--
CALL I BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l3 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No salew^ ..
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The rain, which weakened Barley,
produced no effect on Oats, which continued In
fair demand and steady.
White. $1 10®l 30; Hed. 95c®$l 17Vi; Gray,
$107^@115H; Black. 95c@$l 05. ¦
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 950 per
ctl and Eastern Yellow at $I#l 0214; mixed,
$1(S1 05 per ctl. ¦'¦¦'•'¦¦ "VC^
HTE— 97'.4c«m 02V4 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60®3 75:
usual terms; bakers" extras. $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 75@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount .to the trade: Graham
Flour J3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Com Meal. $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 2f,ffl3 50: Buck
wheat Flour. $404 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 73;
Farina $4 50: Whole Wheat -Flour, $3 50;
Rolled ' Oats (barrels). $6@7 25; In sacks, $5 75©
7- Pearl Barley. $3; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas.
$5 CO per 100 lbs. . " r"- . ;; _ V V
Ha v and Fcedstu ffs.
It has rained In all the Hay districts and the
market Is soft and dull In consequence, though
prices show no change.
There were large receipts of -Bran from the
north, but prices were unaffected.
BRAN— J12«T13 P*r ton.
MIDDLINGS— »I"®2O per ton.
vFFn^TUFFS-Rolled Barley. $15@17 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing.
»- U«"s- Cocoanut Cake. $20021; Corn Meal.
*U«23 5o : Cracked Corn. $23 50®24; Mixed Feed.
$nW- Cottonseed Meal. J2S per ton. ,;
'it AY — Wheat. $709 for common to good;
19 50 for choice and occasionally $10: Wheat and
Oat? $Gso<fr»: Oat..s6iSB: Barley,. sS@7; Alfalfa.
JCiff7 uO per ton. ' ¦ .' .".;':
STRAW— 2S@4Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Prices for all descriptions remain as previous
ly quoted and trade Is dull.'
BEANS— Bayos. $3 25@S 35: small White, $3 20
63 85; large White, $2 90®3 10; Pinks, $2 50®
2 KB- Reds. $3 50; Blackeye, $4 60; Butters,
noralnalf Limn, $3 15@5 25; Pea,* $3 20®3 40; Red
Kidneys. $3 3O'a4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4H®4%c; Flax. $1 90®2 20| 'Canary.
3V4c »er lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa.. B@locj Rape, 2ft©3c; Hemp. 4®4^c;
Timothy, 4©4Vic. - "vs * •: '
DRIED PEAS-Nlles. $1 60®l 90; Green, $1 75
®2 50 per ctl. ' v ' .-
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Bweet Potatoes are scarce and higher. Other
descriptions are dull and unchanged. Onions
continue steady, i , ',
Asparagus continues to decline under In
creasing receipts. • " . . "- • ¦ :
POTATOES— KarIy Rose, 75®85c; River Reds,
73j?S0c; Burbanks. 40&C5c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks." 65c«?$l; Sweet Potatoes. ,$1 21 for
River and $2 26 for Merced ; : New Potatoes.
2H@3c.
ONlONS— Oregons,' sl7s®2 per ctl; Nevadas,
$2@2 25. ¦ ' ¦ ¦ • ¦ ' .
VEGETABLES — Hothouse Cucumbers, 75c per
dozen; Rhubarb, 6®6c I per 1b; Asparagus, - 6®
Uc ;; Green Peas, -ZWiftc per "lb;i String; Beans
8® 10c ; Cabbage, . 40@50c ; ¦> Lob . Angeles v Toma
toes, - ZQC(t£\: ¦ Egg Plant from Los ¦ Angeles," s@
12>Ac: Drie3 Okra. 12%0 per lb: Garlic, 2Vi@3%c:
Green Peppers from Los Angeles, : 8@10c ; Dried
Peppers, SSIlOc; Carrots. 25©3Sc per sack;-Lcs
Angeles Summer Squash, $125 per box;. Mar
rowfat Squash, nominal. . ¦ ¦
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern caTne In 'and sales were
made lat 12V4c for. Turkeys. ¦$5 for.; Ducks and
Old Roosters, $2 for Geese,- $5 5006 2S for Hens;
$6 1 for | young .Roosters • and i $? 50 for ¦ Fryers/
Two more cars will be put on to-day. ' - .
Game was dull
»"• POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lOiSTllc for Gobblers
¦nd 13®14c for. Hens; Dressed- Turkeys, nomi
nal: Geese,' per pair. $1 75^2; Goslings/ $2 50@3;
Ducks." $4@5 for old and $t®s ior young: Hen*
$4 50<g$5 50; Young Roosters, $6; f - Old - • Roost
ers. $4 So®6; Fryers, : $3 50@6; Broilers, : $5® j 50
for large , and ¦ $3 £o@4 50 - for, small: ¦ Pigeons.
$1250150 per dozen for old and $?®2 50 for
Squabs. ".-•-¦ '..-•-.•¦.-¦ .¦,:',--. v, •.¦•.'•.- ? ¦: . .
GAME— Hare, $I®l 25; Rabbits. $I®l 80; Gray
Geese, . $2®2 50^ White, -75c@$l; 'Brant," $1 50@2;
Honkers, $3^4 per dozen.; 7 ¦•¦--
Butter, Eggs and Cheese.
Speculators are buying up Eggs for cold stor
age, which Imparts more steadiness to the mar
ket, though '.'Arlcea l'ehow.llttle^ change. « Store
Eggs are steadier; than I ranch; Receipts ? are
Sun rises t:35
Sun sets '. .*. f:OS
Moon seta v .... 0:00 a. m.
large, however, ¦ and there are ' plenty on the
market. _•¦'¦>' «...» . . . -
Butter and Cheese are weak and unchanged,
with ample supplies.". .\s4s£BßEigE£&BHßSll&m
¦ BUTTER— ' .
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 21c; ieconds, -. 13
-¦ Dairy— Fancy/ 18®18V4c; good to choice," 1614®
17% c; ccmrcon, nominal. ' .*¦ -' ¦
CHEESE— Choice mild . new. 9c; old. BV4c;
Young America,- 9%©10 c; Eaetern. : 15V4®16c:
Western, ;l3V4<9lsc per lb.; --. ?
EGGS— Quoted at 11%@12%0 for atore and
12&@13%c per dozen for ranch, '
i Deciduous and Citrus fruits.
Three cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, email " size. $1 50®3 30;
choice Navels, good sizes. $1 30<3>2 36; . stand
ard. 65c@$l 45; Lemons. :$1 65. "•
The market is still bare of Mexican Limes.
DECIDUOUS FKUITS— - ¦ „ _
APPLES— SO®7Sc per box for common. Boco
$1 25 for good to choice, and $1 50®l 75 for
CITRUS FRUITS-^-Navel Oranges. $1 5052 50
per box; Seedlings, 75c®$l 60; Po™Blo9-..,!?0®P 0 ™ 8109 -..,!? 0 ®
$2 60: Lemons. $I®l E0 for common and $2®2 o0
for good to choice: Mexican Limes, nominal-
California Limes, 50@75c: - Bananas. $1 25®3 50
per bunch; Pineapples, $3 50®4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks, 4@4V4c for
40-60' •. 3%@3%c for 60-6<rs. 3tt@3Vtc for HMO's.
B%c for 70-80's. 3c for 80-90-s and 2%c for 90
100-»; Apricots. ll«12^c for Royals. 12H®15c for
Moorparks, and 12@13V4c for Blenheims.
Peaches. 5HO«e for Standards. 6V4©6<lic for
choice and 7©Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 109
12Hc; Evaporated Apples. 6®7c; Sun-dried, E«
6%e per lb; Nectarines, S@yc: Pears, Stt@4ttc
for dark and 7@Bc for bright halves; Black
Figs. 2@2%c; White Flss. 2@3c;
Plums, B®Sc: unbleached Plums, 7@7',4c for
pitted and and l%c for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached, Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. «c Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb., BHc; choice, «He: standard, Shie;
prime, Cc: unbleached Sultanas, sc: Seedless,
50-lb boxes. Cc; 2-crown, loose muscatels, 6Hc:
3-crown. 6tfc; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Deheea. $2 60: Imperial. $3. AH
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California. w ' \C - : -
NUTS— Chestnuts, B@9c; Walnuts, B®9c for
standards and 9@loc for softshell; Almonds,
11%@12c for paper shell, 9@loc for soft and 4@
5c for hardshell: Peanuts. 6«4@6\c for Eastern
and 6c for California: Brazil Nuts. 7>,4@Sc; Fil
berts. 12®12Hc: Pecans. . 11013 c: Cocoanuts.
HONEY— Comb. llH®l2c for bright and 10%0
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
7%c: light amber extracted. 7>»©7%c; dark.
5%#6c ocr lb. •
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
. Provisions:
. ¦ ¦ . — -¦ ¦ •
Trade continues very dull at unchanged quo
tations. ' - " *,"•"'. : • .
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Mic per lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium, lie for. light. 12p
for extra light and Uttc for sugar-cured: East
ern' sugar-cured Hams, 13JJ13ttc; California
Hams, nominal; Mees Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Men, $13: Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $14 50;
extra clear, $17; -Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
per lb. ¦ • -
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%@70 per lb for
compound and 8c for pure: half- barrels, pure.
SKc: 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%@BHc per lb; 10-lb
tins. »He -, ¦; ,7
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brand* sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers.
10Vi@llc; Medium, 9Vi@loc; light, 94@10c; Cow
hides. 9fcc; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 9Hc: Calf.
Slsij-lOe; Dry Hides, sound. 18c; culls and
brands, l.i'glfic; Dry Kip and Veal. 17c; Dry
Calf, 19@20c: ' Sheepskins, yearlings. ¦ 15®30c
each; short Wool. Ss@6oc each; medium. 70@0Oc:
long Wool. $I@l 25 each;. Horse Hides. $2 23@
2 75 for large and 75c@$l 75 for small; Colts, 60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. &@5Hc per lb; No.
2, 4©4Hc: refined. 6%c; grease, 214@3c.
WOOL—
Fall clip,' San Joaquln plains. 9@loc: South
ern. SSlOc: Middle County, ll@13c; Humboldt
and Mendoeino, 17620 c; Eastern Oregon, 13®
16c; Valley Oregon, 18#20c; Northern Mountain,
free, Iltfl4c; Northern Mountain, defective. 10®
lie ocr lb. •
HOPS— 76IIc per lb. •
San Francisco Meat Market.
Packers report plenty of Hogs now, though
the high prices still rule;
BEEF— 6K@7c per lb for fair to* choice.
VEAL— BI394c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B®Sttc; ewes, 7Hc per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 10c per lb.
PORK — Live . Hogs, . 6c for small and medium
and 6%@5%c for large : stock Hogs and feed
ers. tUQaVac; dressed Hoss. 7@BVio.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln ' Bags, $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6U®6Hc; Wool Bags. 2Stf «32Hc;
Fleece Twine, "Vie. " . .' . , ' .""
. COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton. $S; South field Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6 50; Bryant, $6 60; Coos Bay, $3 50; WaJlsend,
$S; Co-operative Wellsend, $8; Scotch, . ;Cum
berland. $13 In bulk and $13 50 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel, $11 per
ton: Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, ' In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Pow
dered, b%c; Candy Granulated, s^4c; Dry Gran
ulated, s>^c; Confectioners' A, 6 Vic; Magnolia
A, '4%c; Extra C, 4Hc: Golden C. 4V4c; barrels,
1-lfic more: half-barrels. %c more; boxes. Via
more; 50-lb bags. He more. No orders taken for
less than- 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Demlnos,
half -barrels, 5%c; boxes. 6Hc per lb. "
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, MARCH 8.
Flour, qr sks.... 17,525 i Sugar, sks 200
Wheat, ctls 124,07* Hay. tons K3
Barley, ctls ...... 8.6<>3 Hops, bags 36
Oats, ctls ....... 1,250 Pelts, bdls 149
Corn ctls 70 Hides, number .. 276
Cheese, ctls ..... . 83 Leather, rolls ... 61
Butter, ctls 332 Quicksilver, flsks 123
Beans, sks 475 1 Eggs, doz IS.MD
Potatoes, sks .... 2,535 Chicory, bbls .... 10
Bran, sks 3,310 Lime, bbls ...'.... 182
Middlings, sks .. SlO Wine, gals 48.550
Mustard, sks, . 626 Wool, bales ..... 54
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 1,060 Bran, sks ........ 7,855
Wheat, ctls 2<W Middlings, sks .. 400
Oats, ctls 1.440 Shorts, sks 80.)
Potatoes, sks ... 26fi Wool, bales ...... 6
WASHINGTON 1 .
- Rolled Oats, sks. 250
Good business in local securities.
Silver a fraction off. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat lower and Barley weaker. Oats in fair demand.
Corn and Rye quiet and unchanged.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
Sweet Potatoes advanced. Other descriptions dull and weak.
Eggs in demand for cold storage speculation.
Butter and Cheese in good supply and weak.
Four cars of Eastern Poultry at hand. Game dull.
Oranges brought good prices at auction. Limes still scarce.
Provisions very dull, but no lower.
Packers report plenty of Hogs at unchanged quotations.
Decreased coinage of the local Mint.
Old Dominion 18 lUtah Mining 27%
Rubber 32H|Wlnona 2%
Union Pacific.:.;.. 49 ¦ (Wolverlnea 40
Union Land I | 'c. '•'--'"
Neiv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. March 6.— Money on call, stead
ier at 233H per cent;, last loan. 2tf, per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, *\i7t!>\L per cent.
Sterling exchange, soft, with actual business In
bankers' bills at $4 S6H tor demand and at
$4 82% • f or sixty days.. Posted rates, $4 83®
4 S3H and $4 87%@4 88. bills. $4 82
<j?4 S2&. Silver certificates, 59%®60%c. Bar
silver. 69i4c. Mexican dollars. is\c Govern
ment bonds, steady: State bonds. Inactive; rail
road bonds, irregular. .
London Market.
NEW YORK, March B.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: The
markets here to-day were very dull, but there
was a slight tendency toward better prices
toward the close. Everybody is awaiting fresh
war news and the budget to be read in Parlia
ment to-night. Americans opened well and
kept steady but idle until the afternoon, when
they spurted. . mainly on New- York buying of
Atchison and CAN W. preferred stock
The bank received £6000 in gold from Aus-
Calf money , was In demand, but bills were
P There 'was good buying of Mexican dollars
at 27% d for the Straits. .
Paris cheque, 25.18. .. ,
A German war loan of £15,000,000 Is said to
be meditated.
CLOSING.
-ONDON. March '6.— Canadian Pacific. 100 H.
Union Pacific preferred. 76H: Northern Pacific
preferred. 76*: Atchlson. 23%: Grand Trunrf
8»i: Anaconda, 9; Rands. 36. Bar silver, steady;
27 7-16 d per ounce.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON. May 6.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the .Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. $297,503,345; gold resene,
$234,939,703. . , ¦ . .*->.'
*4 80@5 30; cows and heifers. < $3®4 : ' canners,
*2®3; stockers and feeders. $3 60@4 75; calves,
J4®7 25; bulls.- stags, etc.- $2 75©3 SO.
HOGS— Receipts, 4700. Market shade to 6c
higher: heavy. $4 75(^4 80; mixed. .- $4 72>4@4 75;
light, $4 70@4 75; pigs J4@4 65; bulk of sales.
SHEEP— Receipts,' 6000. Market steady; y?ar
llngs, $5 60@6 10; Western muttons, $5 30@5 80;
•tock sheep. $4@5; lambs, $5 75@7. ' —
New York Metal Market.
NEW.TORK. March 6.— The fluctuations In
metals as * Indicated by : the official figures of
to-day were confined to Tin, which advanced
from $33 75 to : $35 In - response to an upward
movement in London, and to Spelter, wnicn ao
vanced from $4 55 to $4 60 to $4 65 to $4 75. Botn
Tin and . Spelter closed with an upward ten
dency, •- although the quotation of »35 ror i»n
was nominal <in the absence of actual trans
actions. The market for Pig Iron was quiet
and easy. Lake Copper closed quiet at *i* ><».
which was unchanged from the closing oi lasi
The brokers' price for Lead was $4 *5 and for
Copper $16 25® 16 60. '-i;V-- : *.-¦. -¦
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. March 6.— The state of the vis
ible supply of grain In store and afloat on Sat
urday, March 3. at compiled by the New York
Produce. Exchance. Is as follows: Wheat, w.
053.000 busheU; Increase, 639,000 bushels. Corn,
19.666,000 bushels; increase, 3,334.000 bushe s.
Oats, 6,058,000 bushels; increase 103,000 bushels.
Rye, 1.178,000 bushels; Increase, 24.000 bushels.
Barley, 125,000 bushels; decrease, 91,000 bushels.
Foreign Markets.
LIVERPOOL. March S.— WHEAT— Spot No. I
red Western winter, 6s %d: No. ! 1 Northern
spring.- 6s. Futures steady; March Bs9%d;
May, 5s B%d; July, Es B%d. ,
CORN— Spot, firm. American mixed new. 3s
B\d; American do old, Ss 9%d. Future*, steady:
May. 357% d; July, 3s 7% d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 6.— Clearings, $453,
851; balances. $43,014. , .
Northern WHeat Market.
OREGON.
' PORTLAND. March 6.— There was noth
ing doing to-day In either ships or . wheat.
Owners demand higher rates for ships ¦ than
exporters are willing to pay and farmers . are
holding their wheat at higher rajtes than can
be paid except at a loss to the buyers. Quo
tations to-day were largely nominal at 62<g53c
for Walla Walla and El@S2c for valley. Cleared
—British bark Domla Francisca, for Queens
town, with (131,616 busheln of wheat. -
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March B.— Wheat market doll and
weak; export He lower; blue stem, MYia; club,
eo%c.
United States Coast and Geodetic : Burrey—
Continued on Fage'SlerMk
Charters.
The Roderick Dfcu loads merchandise for
Rilo; Robert Lewers, merchandise for Hono
lulu.
The I. F. Chapman loads sugar at Honolulu
for Delaware Breakwater for orders, J6— 2lc
less direct.
The L^ander loads lumber and merchandise
at this port and Seattle for Port Arthur and
\~Ufilvortok.
The Precursor loads redwood at this port for
Cork. 65*.
Coinage of the Mint.
. The coinage cf the local Mint, In February
was J2,580,C00. all In double eagles^ In Feb
rearv, 1559, It was J5.301.00e. For the
fiscal year to date the coinage amount* to
$4".K1.2V;, against 545.33»,33S for the same time
ls*t fiscal year.
Dried Fruit in Netu York:
The New Tork Commercial says: "The bet
ter feeling which has characterized trade for
the paM few days was noted even stronger
j-esterday. There were few more buyers In the
ir.arket, but mall order* were more numerous
¦nd trad" was on a generally better ba«is.
A! 1 supplies were firmly held up to quotations,
¦nd dealers exprersed full confidence In the
future. Oen»ral conditions are Improving
slowly, and there are Indications of a much
better market in the near future. Every va
riety Is firmly held, and holders are dleln
rlined to ehade prices any longer, believing
that the upward turn which has already be
gun will cause an Increase in quotations within
a few days.
"The rale of outside prunes noted yesterday.
which cleans up about everything of that sort
Evailable. has had the effect of strengthening
the market and may F^nd prices up a notch
en some of those which have ruled low dur
ing the season. There Is more Inquiry from
¦!1 quarters, even large sizes attracting more
attention than hitherto. Small sizes are firmer,
and there is a strong upward tendency to the
market, without, however, any quotable ad-
••Raisins continue quiet, though there ap
pear* to be pon;e disposition to hold prices
firmer on some varieties, and buyers find It
:.<• r^srv to make better offers to secure
poods. The outlook it considered encourag
ing, but the volume of business Is not heavy
at present.
"There is a ptrrtnger feeling In peach'".
without any quotable lncreas* In prices. Trade
?* rather better and previous quotations rule,
thouph there is less Bhadintr. Conditions favor
lio!<J<>r*. and there are indications that com-
Ir.g demand will cause an upward movement
in Trices, which will probably affect all grades.
'¦Aprifot* sell only In a retail way. but are
h*-M firm and prices chow some inclination to
advance."
Weather Report.
lTtth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 5. 3 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, ss compared with those of the same date
la« season and rainfalls In the last 24 hours:
Last This ' Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.2S 41.9J 24.00
Rr3 Bluff Trace 17.27 13.11
Sacramento 0-06 14.56 7.9J
Fan Franrl*c<s 0.0» 16.11 8.00
Fresno 0.14 7.02 3. 56
Independence 0.02 2.16 1.16
Pan Luis Oblspo 0.08 14.61 7.16
Loe Angeles 0.00 6.15 2.93
Fan Diego 0.10 8.12 J.7S
Tuta 0.00 0.76 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
IS; minimum. 47; mean. 12.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has riwn rapidly during tb*
pant 24 hours over the country west of the
Rocky Mountains. In Northern Utah and
Fmjthern Idaho there has b^ra a rli«e of four
tenths of an Inch.
A moderate d»-:>re«»lon overlies the coa«t of
Washington and will probably develop Tues
day.
The temperature fcas remained nearly sta
tionary throughout California. In Utah there
h.ss been a fall of 19 degrees. In the great val
ley* of California the temperatures are from
J to * flegreen below the normal.
Rain has fallen senera-lly over the coast
north of Fan Francisco.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending mldnirht. March 6. 1900:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled weath
er* Tuesday, with ehowers in the central and
northern portion, and light showers in the
southern portion; fresh southeasterly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday; fresh
" 'resteriy winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuej'day, with rain In north
¦»rpFt»rn portion, and m ow In the mountains.
X;t*h Cloudy, with rain or enow Tuesday.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday.
San Francisco and Vicinity— Unsettled weath
er, with occasional light showers; fresh south
easterly winds.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
TO SAIL.
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Mar. May. July.
Opening 6 8% 6 W 5 BV4
Closing ¦,
Wheat— '¦*•*. - : ~c- Mar. May- Aug.
Opening ...19 95 20 95
Cloßtng 19 95 21 00
"Flour— »
Opening .2(05 ¦ 27 25
Closing .26 05 27 20
Eastern Livestock tMarke '..
CHICAGO."
CHICAGO, March s.— CATTLE— Receipts, 18,
000. Natives, good to prime steers. $5©6; poor
to medium steers, • slow,' shade lower, $4@4 73;
selected feeders.' about steady, $4 10@4 75;
mixed stockers. slow, $3 40©3 90: cows, . steady
to slow, $34J4 20: heifers, (3 1004 60; canners,
steady to slow, (2 2S@2 90; bulls, about steady
J2 65&4 30: calves, unchanged, Ss@B; >Texang,
receipts- 800; Texaa fed steers, steady/ to
strong, $3 80@4 90; Texas bulls, firm, $3 25®
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 25,000. Market
opened f»c to 10c higher, closed weak; top, $5;
good clearance; mixed and butchers',, U 70@
4 95; good to choice heavy. $4 85@5}i .rough
heavy, »4 70(?4 SO; light, *4 65@4 87^: bulk of
sales, J4 HXg4 90. -
SHEEP— Receipt* 18.000. Good to .choice
wethers. $5 GO«j«; fair to choice mixed. J« 758
5 65: Western sheep, $5 3505 93; yearlings., ss 75
4ii) 60; native .lambs, |5@7 25; * Western 1 lambs.
1657 40. : ¦ ¦ ¦' ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ / ¦¦: ¦.•-:¦•,¦ ¦;;¦¦:*,
DENVER.
DENVER.- March o.— CATTLE— Receipts, 350
Market steady; beef steers, 14^4 65; cows, $2 73
<fr3 90; feeders. |3 25© 4 60; . stockers. S3 75#4 75
bulls, stags, etc., $2f? 3. - - ' ¦
HOGS— Receipts, 250. Market higher; light
packers, J4 6W/4 63; mixed, $4 CSQ4 70; heavy
$4 6f.@4 80. , ..,...• ...'.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. - March ft.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 6000. ¦ Market oc 'to : 10c lower; native
steers..- $4 10S?5 30; Texas steers,; $2 75@4 60;
Texas cows, 12 40@3 65; native cows- and heif
ers. $2 40@4 30; stockers and feeders, 53&5 is
bulls. W©4 60. -¦*¦ \ . >,¦ • -?.*.
¦ HOGS— Receipts, 8000.'' Market strong; bulk"
$4 65<£4 77H: heavy, U 65® 4 85; packers, $4 60®
4 77H; . mixed, 14 6064 70;, light. >' $4 40@4 67H
yorkers, $4 60®4 C 7 %; pigs, *3@4 25. :. -
SHEEP— Receipts,^ 2000. Market weak:
lambs, *5@6 75:' muttons, $465 90. •
OMAHA.
OMAHA, March 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2100.
Market 10c to 15c lower; • native -. beef steers.
TO ARRIVE
LOCAL MARKETS.
TUESDAY, MARCH 1
£v fe fe
DON'T FOftGET THE
BIG AUCTION SALE
One hundred head of Horses and Mule*, rang-
ing from 10G0 to 17C0 pounds, all well broke anj
gentle, at IC2S Market St.. near Twelfth.
THURSDAY.. 11 o'clock, rain or shine.
THOS. MADIOAN.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FR ANGISCQ C ALL, TTJESD A Yf M ARCH 6, 1 900.
AUCTIONI,
AUCTIONI AUCTION!
TO-MORROW.
WEDNESDAY '. MARCH TTH
BY CATALOGUE.-
At 11 O'clock A. M.. on Premise*.
516-518 WASHINGTON STREET.
' . BOARD OK HEALTH DIPT.
Sir: A proper fumigation having been made
of -the quartermastera' supplies, tents, etc., at
618 Washington st.. you are at liberty to pro-
ceed with. the sale. A." P. O-BRIEN,
. Health Officer.
GOVERNMENT SALE!
Sale consisting of 2000 Tents: 6000 Curtains
and. Nets; SOCO Duck and Drill Mattress Covers;
1000 Sleeping Baga; S5OO Plllowa; 4COO Shelter
Tents: 500 German Sliver Band Instruments,
Bass and "Snare Drama; 100 Filters: 600 Galvan-
ized Water Buckets: 600 Assorted Shovels, etc.
Contractors, Klondlkera. resort-keepers, camp-
era, hotels, steamboats, sallmakers. tent and
awnln* makers, attention called to this sale.
NEW YORK AUCTION CO... Auctioneers.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
£& • at fe
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
¦ 827 SIXTH STREET.
TO-MORROW. .
WEDNESDAY. March 7. at 11 a. m.
By order of Mayor Phelan we will sell a lot
cf CITY HORSES. SULLIVAN ft DOTLE.
:;*'""-¦•'¦-;-* Livestock Auctioneers.
Times and Helchts of High and tow
Waters at Fort : Point, entrance to 9an
- Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five rnlncten later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
New York Grain and Produce.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to lime. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The helchts
given are In addition to the soundlnn on the
United States Coast Survey charts, txecpt
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
(he depth riven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the rrrnn «f th* lower low water*.
NEW YORK. March 6.— FLOUR— Receipts,
13.657 barrels; exDorts, 9203 barrels. Market
fairly active on spring Wheat grades, but dull
for winter Wheat brands.
Yii£EAT— Receipts, 6600 bushels: exports. 45.
153^i9hels. Spot market steady: No,. 2 red,
73»4c elevator; do, 75% c f. o. b. afloat in store:
No 1 Northern Duluth. 77% c f. o. b. . afloat
prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth. 7s«%c f. o. b. afloat
prompt. Options opened steady on foreign buy
ing but weakened, the market ruling dull all
day. with the final tone easy at %@%c net de
cline. March 73%ff74 6-16 c. closed .Wye; "May
714872 7-16 c. closed 72c; July . 72 l-16@72%c.
closed 72Hc; September 72072 7-16 c, closed 72c.
WOOL— Steady. - -'\li~'-
COFFEE — Options closed steady at a net ad
vance of 15^20 points. Total sales, 35.230 bag?.
Including: March, $6SO®6 85; May, $6 80<S6So:
July, $« ?5; August. »G 8506 95; September, $6 95
67; October, $7@7 05; November. $7@7 10; De
cember. $7 20©7 25; January. $7 2S@7 30; May.
J7 35 f
SUGAR— Raw. steady; Refined, quiet and
6154 packages; market
firmer; June creamery, 18^23%c: Western. 20®
25c " ¦-.¦¦
EGGS — Receipts, 6320 packages; market
steady; Western- at mark. 16ffl6Vic.
Notice to Mariners.
POINT NO PODMT LIGHT STATION.
Notice ' la hereby glVen that on or about
April 1. 1900. the fog signal at this station,
on Point No Point, westerly side of Puget
Sound, about four and a half miles) to the
southward and eastward of the entrance to
Hood Canal, will be changed from a bell
struck by machinery to a Daboll trumpet td
sound, during thick or foggy weather, blasts
of three seconds' duration separated by alter-
nate silent intervals of three and twenty-one
seconds, thus: Blast, three seconds; silent ln-
teiaral, three seconds: blast, three, seconds;
silent Interval, twenty-one seconds.
The fog signal building Is a small, one-story.
light gray structure of concrete, with a flat.
black . roof. . situated directly In front of and
attached to the light tower.
This notice affects the "List of Lights 'and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast. 1900." page 34.
No. 167. and the "List of Beacons and Buoys,
Pacific Coast. 19C0." page 72.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
FRANCIS J. HIGGINSON.
Rear Admiral. U. S, N.. Chairman.
CHICAGO, March s.— May wheat opened %c
over Saturday at 6C@66%0 encouraged by higher
cables. Trade for a few minutes was moder
ately active. The export orders which had
been hoped for by reason of the firmer foreign
markets failed ?to materialize, however, and
the market turned easy. May relapsed to 65%
@65"» c, where it clung for some time. • Hold
ers grew weary of waiting for support that
never came, and about noon began selling and
the price tumbled. May declining to 65% c .The
close was weak. May >4@?ic under Saturday
a Vhe corn rrarket was heavy, but closed fairly
Bteady. May closed %c down.
The oat market was a small one. May. was
limited, closing a shade down at 23*4e.
The provision market was dull. May pork
closed 7%c down; May lard, 202% c depressed,
and May 6c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— -Open. High. Low. Close.
M^cn at .. X .^..!"... «4% :«% 64H 64*
MaY ... 68H 66* f&% : 65%
July 67 67 66H-:-«6%
Corn No. 2—2 —
Ma? 1 !..::::::::::::: «* a* ii% 8*
July 34« i 34% 34% 34*
September 35>4 35H . 35 35*
July ::::::.:::: 22% 22* 22% ¦ 22%
Mess Pork. t>er barrel — *
May 10 65 10 67*4 10 57% 10 57%
July 10 62% 10 65 10 60 10>62%
Lard, per 100 pounds— • ...
May ...5 90 5 90 6 S5 6 85
July 6 87% 5 97% 5 92% 585
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 685 585 5 77% 580
July : 6 85 5 S5 6 SO 6 82%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour steady. No. 3 spring wheat, 62@C4c;
No. 2 red, esUSGS'fcc no. 2 corn, 33%@33%c.
No. 2 oatß, 23y 4 <ft23Hc: No. 2 white, 26iff26V*c;
No. -3 white, 25® 26c. No. 2 barley, 37@40c. No.
1 flax seed, $1 CO. Prime timothy seed, $2 45.
Mess pork, per bbl. $9 65@10 60. Lord, per 100
Jbs, $5 72H55 77H- Short ribs sides (loose),
J5 65@5 90. Dry salted shoulders (boxed), t%<@
6V4c Short clear sides (boxed), J5 &s<fi6 »i.
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal, f 1 24.
Articles— . •;..'. Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 55,000 23.000
Wheat, bushels 34,000 18,000
Corn, bushels 314.000 103,000
Oats, bushels 249,000 124,000
Rye, bushels 5,000 — : .
Barley, bushels 114.0C0 ; 89,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was strong; creamery, is@2*c; dairy
18<521c. Cheese, firm. 12@13c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 15H©l«c •¦ /
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc • Office, TJ. 8 N Mer
. chantsv Exchanse. San Francisco." Cal..
March 6. 1900. i_.'tfftirg|gJTqaonpJ»33*»ll|i _ . 'tfftirg|gJTqaonpJ»33*»lI|
.Through ian , error *in the time * signals, the
time ball was dropped about' three <S> seconds
late^ to-day. ¦. , ; ; -C. G. CALKINS. ?
- ¦ j Lieut, Commander. U. 8. N. J . In Charge.
PARIS.
8
'. Steamer.
From.
Due.
Crescent City..
Acapulco
Hathor
Cr.arina ¦.;......
South Portland.
Coos Bay !
Columbia .......
Aberdeen I
A. Blanchard..
Carlisle City.;..
Samoa
San Jose
Corona .........
City ot Puebla
Point Arena....
Arcata
Orizaba ........
Maripoaa ......
Bristol
Bonlta
Homer ••
Newport F. ......
State of Ca1....
Newburgr •
Robt. Adamson
Welllnßton .....
North F0rk.....
Queen ; .'.
Gaelic .......;..
Geo. W.I Elder.
Crescent City..
Panama
Europa
Puget Sound... ......
Oyster Harb0r. .r.. .......
Newport ;..i
Portland.....
Pujet Round !
Coos 8ay.;..... ;
China and Japan..... „..
Humboldt ;.
Acapulco
San Dieg0. ...:...
Victoria A Puret Sound
Point Arena......
Coo« Bay
Humboldt .
Sydney
Oyster Harbor
Newport....
Portland.....
Panama..
Portland.. ..'.. .......
Grays Harbor..;...
Nanalmo
Oyster Harb0r......... ..
Humboldt .;
Victoria & Pujtet Sound
China and Japan. .......
P0rt1and .;......;: .-.- .;. . .
Mar. C
Mar. «
Mar. •
Mar. •
Mar. <
Mar. «
Mar. •
Mar. «
Mnr. •
Mar. <
Mar. 7
Mar. 7
Mar. S
Mar. J
Mar. t
Mar. 8
Mar. t
Mar. 9
Mar. 9
Mar. 10
Mar. in
Mar. 10
Mar. 11
Mar. 11
Mar. It
Mar. 11
Mar. 12
Mar. 13
Mar. 13
Mar. 16
Steamer.
Destination.
Bails.
Pier.
Pomona ...
North Forkl
Am. Mam.
Walla Wall
Australia ..
San Pedro.. |
A. Blanch' d
Curacao ¦ ¦ ¦
Coos Bay...
Samoa .....
O. W. Elder
Corona .
Acapulco '..
Pt.'; Arena..
Orizaba-....
Arcata ..:..
City Puebla
Bcnlta .....
Homer f..t,":
Leander'i..
iSan D1ejt0.....
|Humboldt.....|
China Ar Japan
Vie & P*t Sd.
Honolulu. ......i
Humboldt.....
Coos 8ay.:....
Mexic0........
Newport.'..:"...
Humboldt...:.
Portland....:.
San Diego, r...
Panama....:..
Point Arena..
Humboldt...'..
Coos Bay
Vie & Pgt Sd.
Newport. .::.;. |
Oregon Port*.!
Port Arthur..!
Mar. «. 11 am i Pier n
Mar.,7. 9am|Pier 2
Mar. 7. Ipm PM3S
Mar. 7. 10 am Pier 9
Mar. T. ,lpm Pl«r.7
Mar. 7. 4pm Pier IS
Mar. T. Ipm Pier 13
Mar. ; ». 10 am Pier II
Mar. 8. 9am Pier U
Mar. 9. 10 am Pi«r 13
Mar. 9. 10 am Pier Si
Mar. 10. 11 am Pier 11
Mar. 10. 12 m PMSS
Mar. 10. 2pm Pier 2
Mar. 10. 2pm Pier 9
Mar. 10, 10 am Pier 13
[Mar. 12. 10 am Pier, i
9 am Pier 11
Mar. 13. ....... ....
Mar. 14, ...... ;...."..
O Time Time ' Time Time
¦ FU Ft. Ft. Ft.
• ' H W • . I* V? H TV I. W
• ... J:37 5.7 »:» 0.4 4:23 4.» tX»>~ l.»
7 ... 3:26 S.E 10:42 0.4 5:49 S.J 10:111 3.1
S ... 4.X 5.3 11:55 0.4 7:05 3.S 11:36 3.J
9... 8:35 4.3 12:59 0.4 »:M 4.J
L"W H W I* W H W
10 ... 0:53 3.2 6:49 S.O 1:34 0.3 8:55 4.4
11 .. 2:05 3.1 7:55 5.0 3:41 0.3 »:35! 4.S
12.".. »:53 2.7 »:54 5.0 S:I0| Q.4| 10:101 S.l>
O Time Time ' Time Time
¦ FU Ft. Ft. Ft.
• ' H W • . I* V? H TV I. W
• ... J:37 5.7 »:» 0.4 4:23 4.» tX»>~ l.»
7 ... 3:26 S.E 10:42 0.4 5:49 S.J 10:111 3.1
S ... 4.X 5.3 11:55 0.4 7:05 3.S 11:36 3.J
9... 8:35 4.3 12:59 0.4 »:M 4.J
L"W H W I* W H W
10 ... 0:53 3.2 6:49 S.O 1:34 0.3 8:55 4.4
11 .. 2:05 3.1 7:55 5.0 3:41 0.3 »:35! 4.S
12.".. »:53 2.7 »:54 5.0 S:I0| Q.4| 10:101 S.l>
'. Steamer.
From.
Due.
Crescent City..
Acapulco
Hathor
Cr.arina ¦.;......
South Portland.
Coos Bay !
Columbia .......
Aberdeen I
A. Blanchard..
Carlisle City.;..
Samoa
San Jose
Corona .........
City ot Puebla
Point Arena....
Arcata
Orizaba ........
Maripoaa ......
Bristol
Bonlta
Homer ••
Newport F. ......
State of Ca1....
Newburgr •
Robt. Adamson
Welllnßton .....
North F0rk.....
Queen ; .'.
Gaelic .......;..
Geo. W.I Elder.
Crescent City..
Panama
Europa
Puget Sound... ......
Oyster Harb0r. .r.. .......
Newport ;..i
Portland.....
Pujet Round !
Coos 8ay.;..... ;
China and Japan..... „..
Humboldt ;.
Acapulco
San Dieg0. ...:...
Victoria A Puret Sound
Point Arena......
Coo« Bay
Humboldt .
Sydney
Oyster Harbor
Newport....
Portland.....
Panama..
Portland.. ..'.. .......
Grays Harbor..;...
Nanalmo
Oyster Harb0r......... ..
Humboldt .;
Victoria & Pujtet Sound
China and Japan. .......
P0rt1and .;......;: .-.- .;. . .
Mar. C
Mar. «
Mar. •
Mar. •
Mar. <
Mar. «
Mar. •
Mar. «
Mnr. •
Mar. <
Mar. 7
Mar. 7
Mar. S
Mar. J
Mar. t
Mar. 8
Mar. t
Mar. 9
Mar. 9
Mar. 10
Mar. in
Mar. 10
Mar. 11
Mar. 11
Mar. It
Mar. 11
Mar. 12
Mar. 13
Mar. 13
Mar. 16
Steamer.
Destination.
Bails.
Pier.
Pomona ...
North Forkl
Am. Mam.
Walla Wall
Australia ..
San Pedro.. |
A. Blanch' d
Curacao ¦ ¦ ¦
Coos Bay...
Samoa .....
O. W. Elder
Corona .
Acapulco '..
Pt.'; Arena..
Orizaba-....
Arcata ..:..
City Puebla
Bcnlta .....
Homer f..t,":
Leander'i..
iSan D1ejt0.....
|Humboldt.....|
China Ar Japan
Vie & P*t Sd.
Honolulu. ......i
Humboldt.....
Coos 8ay.:....
Mexic0........
Newport.'..:"...
Humboldt...:.
Portland....:.
San Diego, r...
Panama....:..
Point Arena..
Humboldt...'..
Coos Bay
Vie & Pgt Sd.
Newport. .::.;. |
Oregon Port*.!
Port Arthur..!
Mar. «. 11 am i Pier n
Mar.,7. 9am|Pier 2
Mar. 7. Ipm PM3S
Mar. 7. 10 am Pier 9
Mar. T. ,lpm Pl«r.7
Mar. 7. 4pm Pier IS
Mar. T. Ipm Pier 13
Mar. ; ». 10 am Pier II
Mar. 8. 9am Pier U
Mar. 9. 10 am Pi«r 13
Mar. 9. 10 am Pier Si
Mar. 10. 11 am Pier 11
Mar. 10. 12 m PMSS
Mar. 10. 2pm Pier 2
Mar. 10. 2pm Pier 9
Mar. 10, 10 am Pier 13
[Mar. 12. 10 am Pier, i
9 am Pier 11
Mar. 13. ....... ....
Mar. 14, ...... ;...."..ALAMEDA'S ATHLETIC
CLUB TO ENTERTAIN
GEOFGB S. THOMPSON
cjpP LAMED A. March 6.— The Enclnal
fL\ Club, Alameda V thriving athletiu
jf~~\ organization, will have a "gtntle
, . men's night" Thursday evening,
March 8.: The programme will be as lol
lows: Piano solo. Professor Maurice Krai
mer; electric club swinging, William Hold:
ridge; songs and stories, B. Clifford Ire
land; buck and wing dancing, W. H. Bar
num; vocal selections,. Bert Georges; mo
nologist, J. E. McKeon; tumbling, Charles
Burnham and Harry Rider; ~ four-round
boxing contests, lngersoll and Burkt
Simpson and Drew. Justice and Jeffries* •'
eight-round 1 boxing contest, Vlckers and
Johnson. . • . _ .. ;'
The president of - the Encinal Club is
George S. Thompson, formerly -. of tha
Olympic, Cross Country and Caledonian
clubs. He Is an. athlete and has several
records for fast sprinting. ¦ He is In pos
session of the wall champion m»dal
which the conditions require* should be
given tothe winner of the. half-mile race
In three consecutive years at the annual
Caledonian Club . games. , Mr. • Thompson's
co-workers for the success , of the club
are: Andrew. Groth, vice president;^ XV.
H. McKean, treasurer; Fred Elster, secre
tary; Dr. w. R. Hugrhes and Ralph Elster
directors. ¦¦¦->.! ,
CAPE NOME!
mshiP SAN PEDRO
. (Built In 1599.).;
Capacity 1000 tons. All "modern
conveniences .for . comfort. Elec-
»rlc lighted throughout. .. "• '".'_ v
i Sailing Frora '? \ • '
SAX FRANCISCO >
KOME. DIRECT
May m 1900
This company, will have" Its own;
cotnpi*te" equipment; for ith*., safe •
and expeditions landing of .p&asen- •-
cersand carjo on arrival at Nome. •
For Freight and Passenger -
' Rates 'Apply to "; " ; ;r; r . '.- ;'
GAPE NOME STEAMSHIP GO.
*:¦',-?'<». ; R. T.DUFFTN * CO.. O«n'l Agents,).^. ".
10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
VICHY IS HEALTHFUL! |
iA JT*teral Miaaral W»Ur *
with medicinal qaalltlas. O
Tot ladigMtioa asi °
Stomach Disorders, o
So-caned VICHY I
o
IN SIPHONS %
Hf VICHY I
Get the Genulna %
VIISHY
Jjll mi m -£^ d j K%J o
A. VIGNIER. Distributing Agfant*
Oakland Railroad Officials Notified Concerning
the Objections the Men Have to Hunting
ton's Insurance Scheme.
(Uttlar.d Qfflce San Francisco Call,
IUB Broadway. March 6.
THE announcement that the Order of
Railway Telegraphers baa decided
to \jiiito with th» block system oper
ators of the Southern Pacific Com
pany has created much discussion con
cerning the probable results from such
an amalgamation. Coming at a time when
there -is unusual interest being taken in
organization by the railroad employes,
the" matter assumes a phase for more
than ordinary consideration by both men
and official*. :--*: --* <"V
This stroke is the first definite stey that
railroad men have taken eince th« agita
tion began over the "relief department
scheme which the Southern Pacific Com
pany In promoting. There has been a
treat deal of criticism of the plan and
tieps have been taken toward a general
protest, but as affecting the organized
status of th« men, the telegraphers and
tower men have made a move which is
deemed ona of serious importance.
•Out of the mass of discussion which
has been accummulated since March 1.
tne railroad employes bave evolved a
tpeciUc line of action. They do not pro
pobc to denounce tne company from the
public platform. There will be no public
Lass meetings. Such a course, the men
ueclaxfe, would accomplish nothing but to
furnish targtits at wnlch the company
could fire snould there b« dissatisfaction
over the 6tand their employes take.
"The men have decided to go directly to
headquarters with their grievances. To
this end, the brotherhoods and orders are
organizing their representatives in select
committees. Railroad men at West Oak
land announce that they 'do not propose
to so before the public -with their com
jlaints, but place them directly, , in a reg
ular way, before the men In authority.
Ksxh organization has a- standing griev
ance committee. This committee will "be
supplemented by special committees, and
the whole will comprise the representative
body, which will go before the general
manager. ¦
Faith in McKenzie.
As an opening wedge the men have had
laid before Division Superintendent Agler
and Master Mechanic McKenzle 6ome of
tbe reasons why they are opposed to the
insurance scheme. It is expected that
these olacials will present a report to the
general office concerning the temper of
the men under their control on the West
ern division. Master Mechanic McKenzie
is expected ro have much weight with his
supt-riors. because he is known to be one
of tl"> fairest heads of departments in the
<*<jmpar:y'6 employ. He holds the confi
der.ee of rhe men, who for years have
found him a mediator in their troubles
with the company.
So far as the future attitude of the sev
eral thousand employes of the company
In Oakland is concerned much depends
ui'i.n the result of the conference of rail*
roa<i- officials now in progress. In." Baa
Krancifco. The men are not anxious for
action of the last resort. 'Many of them
op*T.ly dccl tre that to strike would be
a stfji or.ly warranted by the deliberate
refusal' of the company to {rive heed to
their obi«»cilons, but the spirit of contest
15 ahfoad. because the men feel so strong
ly that the "relief bureau" is only an
other name for a club to smash their or
ganizations. Their fight will be to in
due*» the company to either abandon the
',<ijectior.able scheme or to modify it in
t-uch a way ttyit the men will not feel
i impelled to take up the proposition. They
propose through their committees to make
a thorough . presentation of their argu
ment before the penera! manager. To this
ted -the most prominent and influential
men in each department will be used on
ihKs rnmmlllws.
The engineers, conductors. ' firemen, all
oihf-r tralnmtn, as well as yard and shop
employes, are practically a unit in op
pr>ping th* 1 scheme. Here and there an
<'d<i rran or two has held out in favor of
the" insurance plan, but the number is so
hmall that no weight is attached to their
!-land.' ?¦- --
Crisis May Be Delayed.
Present indications are that the crisis
in th*> conflict will not be reached for
several month*. The. men are willing- to
await thtr result of the numerous confer
« ncrs which are scheduled. The employes
think that ' th»=-y may win 'out with the
company by fhe exprt?«ion through im
mediate superiors of.thf-ir almost unani
mous voio«- against the scheme. Failing
in this, they next.- propose to send their
f=p*cial oommitte^s to the general man
ager and apain wait for an answer.
Fbould this step fall to move the railroad
<ifflrlals. the brotherhoods will put their
etrusKie for llf* on a national basis and
will ¦enlist the services of the national or
ganizations in pressing th« contest to a
linal settlement. -. - - ..
The men propose, if necessary, to carry
the fight directly to President C. P. Hunt
ir.£jon. unless they shall find a satisfac
tory statement from his Pacific Coast rep
resentatlres, who are not specially in
c!in<*'i to heed the voices of protest.
To strike or not to strike is* a question
fur future consideration. In explaining
t)!* situation to-day a railroad workman
f.iM: ."I do not look for trouble over this
ir.suran^e scheme for several month?.
Why? Because it will take at least that
time to pet through all of the many con
ferences which will have to he held.
"Meanwhile the railroad men can brace
Tip their organizations and strengthen
themselves for a possible strußjrle. They
Ti-111 have th«* full sympathy of the peo
j.f,. w< » are satisfied, as soon as the public
urrJcrstands what is m*>ant by trying to
foist This Insurance scheme upon us.
"U -the conferences fail, it will be easy
enough to pee where trouble will besrin.
The company will not discharge any one
•J'.rectly for refusing to take out its in
mrari'-e but >"U can rest assured that the
lirr t man who docs refuse will find his
«!iscliarp*» papers issued 'for cause' very
soon, and then the fun will commence."
MET TO ASK QUESTIONS.
Heads of Divisions Gather and Dis
cuss Southern Pacific Insur- .
ance. Scheme. . . " '.* jjj:-
Krr-r since the Southern 'Parlflo Com
pany's Insurance -prheme has first be^n
ijipntionc's General Manager Kruttschnitt
has been overwhelmed by. the wave of
«pistf.lary Inquiries' that has rolled ,in up
' on him from over the whole length of
th* system over which he exercises con
in ord^r to answer these questions as
satisfactorily and ascxpedltiously as pos
sible lie gave orders some days ago that
t be- beads- of the different departments
i-houM convene, in this city and talk the
the day set for the cort
'ference arid there gathered In the gen
eral manager's offlce the different divi
sion pyperintehdents. . master mechanic^
j,nd maintenance of way bosses front, all
t.rtr the entire Hn«* of the road, from Its
tranches in Orepon'to Up. most -distant
taints in Arizona and N>w Mexico.- - .
"TheY pat to Mr. KruttFchnitt the differ
ent oufFtlpns that were the chief causes
of dissatisfaction amontr the men over
tvhom they exercised direct. control." and,
efter &prn4lnff the entire day Jn »roinir into
rvt*ry <s*-tail of the matter, they rp turned
la?t r.'jjht to <h*»lr various stations ready
t-> impart -the wisdom thoy had • gathered
to their <Twn subordinates. ¦. ' • ' '
When seen yesteday regarding the meet
sngr, Mr, -Krnttscbnltt said Jt-»was- not In
the nature of a meeting of adjustment.
It was merely a er&therl&g of th© differ
ent heads of departments to have the
HAS VIOLATED
ITS CONTRACT
FOR TEN YEARS
Sunset Telephone Company
Breaks Faith With
* Alameda County.
County Expert Bullock Exposes Cor
' poration's Greediness to Collect
for Switches That Were
to Be Free. :?-¦?£
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, "March 5.
Colonel E. B. Bullock, the county's ex
pert, has thrown a bombshell Into the
camp of the Sunset Telegraph and Tele
phone Company. He has unearthed a
contract by the terms of which he clearly
proved to the Board of Supervisors to
day that th« telephone monopoly has Il
legally mulcted Alameda County In the
Bum of $260 60 for switches from the Coun
ty Infirmary telephone, when, as a matter
of fact, a contract exists allowing
switches free of charge.
The corporation will not be pleased to
learn that the discovery of its brazen
greediness was made- by the county ex
pert through a 5-cent switch charge for
an order sent by telephone from the In
firmary to Joseph Herscher's grocery at
San Leandro for a Jar of molasses.
The following report .was submitted to
the Board of Supervisors to-day by Ex
pert Bullock, and proved so clearly self
explanatory that there waa hardly any
discussion and the matter was referred
to Chairman Roeth of the Finance Com
mittee and Expert Bullock to further in
vestigate and adjust.
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors
of Alameda County— Gentlemen: 1 wish to call
your attention to the following facts regarding
the telephone claims against the County In
firmary. In the flret place, the minutes of the
board show the following: April -4, 1892— "A
contract was received from the Sunset Tele
graph and Telephone Company to put in a tele
phone In the County Infirmary for $10 per
month, all switches for county business to tje
free. On motion of Supervisor D. W. Martin
the chairman was authorized to sign the con
tract." .
, The contract was signed, and for that year
only $10 per month was paid. In talking with
Mr. Fleming, the superintendent of the com
pany, he stated that it ! was their custom to
make contracts for a year, and when they run
out to continue at the same terms. But I find
that "custom" did not prevail In this case, as
you will see by the following charges for
switches: In ISP3, J2S 43; 1894, $16 35; 1895, $30 40;
1596, $34 10; 1«97. $34 75; IS9S, »60 10; 1599. $38 45;
total, $260 60, charged in excess of the $10 per
month as per contract. All of the above claims
have been oald to the company, with the ex
ception of November and December, 1539, which
I hold pending an adjustment of same. Very
respectfully, E. E. BULLOCK.
County Expert.
"I discovered the Illegal switch charge
by mere chance," said Expert Bullock
afterward. "I had noticed recently that
5-cent charges were being made for
switches to San Leandro and other near
by places. On investigating one of these
charges I found that a 5-cent switch had
been charged the County Infirmary for a
telephone message to Herscher's grocery
for a Jar of molasses. Naturally, I con
cluded to look up the contract. I was
very much - surprised to find that . the
county had contracted to pay $10 per
month for the infirmary 'phone and have
all switches for county business free' of
charge. Well, an order for molasses' to
be delivered at the County Inflrmary": is
clearly county business,- and so I. reported
the matter."
in another report Expert Bullock sub
mitted to the Supervisors for rejection
claims presented by Coroner Mehrmann
to the amount of $198, most of which had
been charged for illegal $2 interment fees.
These the board promptly rejected, and
it Is understood that $106 collected by the
Coroner during the first three months of
last year on the same account he has
agreed to return to the county treasury.
THE SAN FRMCISCO GALL, TUESDAY,-MARCH6, 1900.
WeeHy Can $1.00 Der Year
Suit Against the Mayor.
OAKLAND. r March 5.-^Judge Hall ha*
taken under advisement the demurrer . to
the action of the city against Mayor R. W
Snow for. the recovery of moneys alleged
to be Illegally withheld by him while act
ins aa Auditor of Oakland. ¦
Bush to Assessor's Office.
X : There -was : a: rush Vof '<¦ taxpayers to • the
Assessor's office. yesterday afjer 12 o'clock
noon | intent upon | filing their statements.
Over a thousand people complied with the
law In that regard and twelve clerks were
kept - busy > taking , oaths. Assessor Dodge
suggests ¦ that i an ; attempt ', be - . made tby
property * owners to . file their statements
this week, as It will greatly facilitate the
workjo* tb» office. 5 . %:,.. ?-¦
Seeking a Lost Love.
' OAKLAND, March &.— Brooding over
the death of his wife, which occurred two
years ago, and the recent loss of $30,000 in
a mining d£al,- have dethroned the reason
of J.M. -Wilson, a mining engineer, and
formerly a well known architect, residing
at 1201 Laguna street. In San Francisco.
Under the delusion that hypnotic Influ
ences were directing him to seek the love
of some mysterious woman Wilson has
been annoying prominent people until it
has. become nepessary to place him under
restraint. He was examined to-day be
fore the Lunacy Commission and waa
then ordered sent to Ukiah. -
To Jail Instead of Altar.
| j OAKLAND, March s.— Warren . M. i Liv
ermore, who forced his j attentions 7 upon
Rose -Callahan. and threatened -to shoot
her If she refused to marry-- him ,<was to
days sentenced by Police Judge • Smith to
serve twenty-five days ¦In v Jail . or pay a
fine of $50. ;/.;.;• — ;.-.; , /
Emily Stuart Seeks Divorce.
OAKLAND; March s.— Emily M. StU3rt
to-day began divorce proceedings against
Archie E. * Stuart. ;. The complaint, dratvn
up by. Attorney Hugh/Aldricn, alleges de
sertion. ¦ - ¦•¦.- '-...'• '..:¦ ' . ' : ¦¦; '• '.
Arrest of a Possible Counterfeiter.
OAKLAND, : March B.^Cbarles' ;M.
Schroth." a laborer, -employed at the Oak
land Iron Works, was arrested to-night
for stealing. brass from the foundry. ¦„De
tective Kyte and* United States Secret
Service % Agent ;• John . '. Cronln searched
Schroth's room, finding a die frame, por
tions of a lathe, and a lot of new silver
coins. The : police believe Schroth was
making a counterfeiter's-, outfit.
Assessor's Deputies Named.
OAKLAND,.M arch s.— County, Assessor
Dalton to-day filed the following appoint
ments of deputies: to assist him In gath
ering the field data for the next State and
county assessment: ,T..8. Russell of Iluy-
Wards. L: J. Martin of Son Lorenzo E
E. South wick of Mies, George Cash, of
Irvlngton. Emanuel George of Alvarado
H. P. Wlnnegar of LJvermore, A. F
Schweer of Pleasanton. A. F. Shulte of
Brooklyn. T. C. Stoddard and J. C. Jar.il-
Bon of 'Alameda, Philo Mills and .Warren
Cheney of Berkeley, A. A. Altken, H.-L.
Nash, M. =J. > Hyde,;E. E.- Long. W. N.
Van de Markr W. H. Martin, Ben Clark.
H..H. Miller, H.C. Dexter, John: Schneider.
W. J. McDonald, B. R. Frasier and J. H.
Storey of Oakland. ,-'-.
Son and Grandson to Contest.
OAKLAND. March . s.— There will -be a
contest over the $21,000 estate of Emma 0.
Davls,",who died intestate in San Francisco
February ? 18; last.' A few days ago her
grandson. Edmund Watson Davis, .filed- a
petition : for letters on the estate, and to
day her only surviving son, Frederick A.
Davis/ aged 41 -years, likewise petitioned
for letters.. He recites that the other heirs
are ! Edmund Watson Davis , and Harry
Gardner Davis, grandsons, but 'that be,
and no one else. Is entitled to letters oi
administration; on the. estate. ' . •
HOW W. J. DINGEE WILL
EXTEND HIS BUSINESS
OAKLAND. March s.— The new plan "of
William J. Din gee for the extension of his
real estate business in this city Is a devel
opment of the profit-sharing plan that has
been adopted by many proprietors of large
businesses, and will result In attracting to
Oakland outside capital that. can but" be
advantageous to the city.
i 2- G. Vincent, Frank J. Woodward and
F. C. Watson have bandied the details of
Mr. Dlngee's business in Oakland for
many years, while Mr. J>ingee devoted
himself to the general management of af
fairs. Mr. Dingte now proposes to re
ward -his former employes by giving them
a certain share of the profits. Mr. Dlngee
himself will give his attention to building
up Oakland business by attracting to it
capital from the outside through the me
dium of his San Francisco office. '. .
All of the small Interests of Mr. Dlngee.
such as insurance and house renting, have
been disposed of.. Roscoe Hayes has been
given Mr. Dingee's insurance risks,. and
Jrom now on only a strictly real estate
business will he done at the main office
Special attention will-be paid to auction
palt??, and the"flrst one on Saturday last
proved a success. The most important
ealc then consummated was 75x75 feet on
the corner of Fourth and Washington
streets, for $4460. to Henry C. Manning. ..v
ALAMEDA CALLS FOR
ELECTION FOR BONDS
ALAMEDA, March 5. — The experts', es
timates upon the cosf of public improve
ments; tho amount to be raised. by a bond
Issue, were received by the Board of Trus
tees this evening. Architect G. Alexander
Wright estimates the cost of school-im
provements at $40,000 and the. erection of
a library building at $25,000. City Elec
trician Wiese figured that the electric
light- plant extensions would cost $20,000
and City Engineer Poyser held that -the
Webster-street roadway improvements
would call for $20,000. The total estimated
cost of the Improvements was $105,000. The
Trustees accepted the estimates. ¦¦¦ > ¦
An ordinance was passed calling for-a
bond election. The dnte was not fixed. ¦
THE PROPER DOMESTIC
; FINISH
is put on all linen turned out at this
laundry. Made clean and sweet by the
use of. the finest washing materials;
their immaculate whiteness is begot of
methods that will , not rot the goods.
Any collar, cuff or shirt done up* here is
sure to give perfect . satisfaction. > To
please our patrons is our aim — and we
never fail to do it. , ¦'
Unltedv State* iLflundry. Offlo. ;
lOO4>.'\ Market Strost. ' .\ '¦ '¦ ;
:jr#fephona ; South 42C>. . ~
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
COLLEGE ENTERTAINMENT
IN GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
BERKELEY, March s.— The musical
clubs of the University of California, to
gether with the farce of R. W. fully,
which was presented on junior day at th,?
Macdonough Theater In Oakland, will give
a joint entertainment in the Grand Opera
house, San Francisco, during the .Irst
week In April.
Manager Morosco has secured both or
ganizations for six days, and the local col
lege hits will be changed to ones of gen
eral Interest. The entertainment will be
for the benefit of the musical clubs, which
sustained a heavy financial loss on the
northern trip during the Christmas vaca
tion.
Mr. Tully, the author of the farce to be
presented, "Robert Nobblns, I. S. S., Bos
ton," has been much sought after by man
agers, who saw In the farce a splendid op
portunity for a good play. The regular
cast will undoubtedly reappear.
S Cure Sour Stomach, •
t Constipation, etc* 4
£ 1O cents and SS cents, at drug mtnrsn. Q
3SP*»r< •-—««*• •->~-n'- — ¦ •> -r**-* »^va<m
EXCHANGE WILL
HOW BECOME
A CORPORATION
Mrs. W. E. Sharon to Be
Given a Rest but Re
tained as President.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, March it.
The Woman's Exchange will hold the
most important meeting in Its history on
Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock.^ At that
hour the members of this fashionable and
popular charity will meet at the Starule
ford residence" to vote to incorporate un
der the laws of the State, so that legally
a lease may be secured of the fine new
quarters recently rented by the organiza
tion on Franklin' and Thirteenth streets.
The meeting will be an annual one and
there will be an election of officers, direct
ors and managers, and reports of the
past year will bo submitted.
It Is asserted unofficially that Mrs. W.
E. Sharon of Piedmont nas again oteii tue
ptngle selection of the nominating com
mittee for president. Mrs. Sharon, because
of many duties apart from the exchange,
has urged recently the acceptance of b^r
resignation in favor of Mrs. W« W. Stau
defoni. the vice president, who is an Inde
fatigable and tireless worker. However,
the exchange will not accept Mrs. Sharon's
resignation at its Wednesday meeting, but
will vote her a vacation of Fix months,
Mrs. Ftandeford to be acting president.
Though it has been rumored that the ex
change would soon give a' large tea in
honor of Mrs. Phebe Hearst, who Is tak
ing great interest in Its work, this is not
derided upon by the . ladles, • who may.
how-ever, give pome sort of a benefit affair
before the end of 1-rfrit,- • ' ¦
LITERATURE
AND CARDS
OAKLAND, March s.— The HlllClub
gave a Stevenson* afternoon at tlie
home of Mrs. Louis F. Cockroft to
day, and there, was an' unusuaily
large attendance to enjoy the programme,
over thirty ladles being present. The fea
ture of the afternoon was a clever review
of the letters of Robert Louis Stevenson
by the hostess, who afterward read from
the last, letters published. Mrs. David
Spencer read an original article on "Dr.
Jekyll and Mr. Hyde." Stevenson' 3
"Child's Garden of Verses," which has
been set to music by Mr. Fisher, formerly
of Oakland, and Nevin, -the . compos -r
was sung by Mrs. E. L. Dow and Miss
Edith Hibbard. Refreshments were served
at the end of the programme. The house
was daintily brightened by buttercups.
The club will hold its next meeting at
Mrs. Spencer's on Monday afternoon next.
• ">".¦•':.. " •
Mrs. M. W. Kales 'entertained the Mon
day. Afternoon Whist Club. to-day at her
Lake street home. The house was prettily
arranged with buttercups and jonquils to
welcome the guests, and "there were re
freshments. Over twenty ladles were pres
ent, among them being several substitutes
— Mrs. George W. Percy, Mrs. F. C.
Coogan. Mrs. Sims of Berkeley and Mrs
Edwin Taylor. The first prize was car
ried off •by .'Mrs. Horry Meek. The club
will hold its next meeting at the home at
Mrs. Charles Houghton. . /
Miss Alice Marguerite Dorety and Ber
tram White Cheney of San Francisco were
married Saturday evening at the home of
the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H.
Dorety, In East Oakland. Rev. 8. M.
Dodge officiated. The bridesmaid was Miss
Norma-Kelley. of Boston, a cousin of the
bride, and the groom's brother, -Ansrll
Cheney, acted as best' man. A wedding
supper followed the ceremony. The bride
is a sister of Fred Dorety, a prominent
student at the State University and presi
dent of the Associated Student Eody. . -
? . ¦ • . *
The Human Interest Club met to-night
at the home of Professor and Mrs. D..F.
Fowler, on Clnremont avenue, the illness
of Mr. Marquard rendering a meeting at
his home impossible. There was a paper
by Dr. Payne, which was enjoyed by the
usual large attendance. A supper was
served at the close of the paper.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
scheme explained in detail so that they in
turn might be able to make it clear to the
men under them. Nothing in the original
plan was abrogated or corrected and the
plans stand as they originally were. -
Mr. Kruttschnitt furtHer said he had
heard nothing of the possibility of any
strike nor did he think the employes of
the road would see any reason for one
after they had thoroughly acquainted
themselves with the details of the bene
fit fund. Like affairs, he said, have long
existed on most of the Eastern roads and
have proved satisfactory to employers
and employes alike.
SOUTHERN EMPLOYES
WILL REFUSE TO SIGN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES.. March s.— Much unfa
vorable comment Is current among the
employes of the Southern Pacific in Los
Angeles over the proposed new accident
and death benefit scheme of insurance.
The greatest objection arises from the
proposed excessive monthly tax and the
sacrifice of any right to sue the company
for damages. Employes declare that they
will not sign any arbitrary agreement that
would deny heirs or widows the right to
sue where carelessness or neglect could
be charged to the company. The most
objectionable feature is the ironclad for
feiture phrase, which says that the accept
ance of the benefits shall operate as a re
lease to the railroad company from all lia
bilities for damages growing out, of. such
Injury, even though it may have be«n
caused by carelessness, negligence, crim
inal or otherwise. If the measure is
pushed many men may leave the service,
and unless compelled not a corporal's
guard will sign the agreement presented.
COMMITTEES APPOINTED.
Railway Trainmen Prepare to Protest
to Their Superiors.
OAKLAND, March s.— The Western
Shore Lodge of the Brotherhood, of Rail
way Trainmen met in executive session to
night to confer with the' committee ap
pointed last night by Golden Gate Lodjr?,
Order of -Railway Conductors. The ses
sion laxted until midnight. A commlu<v
of three trainmen was appointed which,
together with the Order of Railway Con
ductors' committee, will meet with' the
E.. C. Fellows division. Brotherhood of
Locomotive Firemen, to-morrow night.
On that occasion the firemen will also ap
point a committee of three, and on Friday
night these committees will meet with Le
land Stanford division. Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers, which will also se
lect a committee of three. On Saturday
night a meeting of local lodge represent
atives will be held, when a grievance com
mittee will be chosen, to wait on General
Manager Kruttschnitt; ••.;•.• -,
Taking into consideration the present rates : of
interest, your committee decided to allow 5
per cent return on $3,000,000, which would
amount to $130,000. To this was added for op
erating expenses, as If the entire work of sup
plying the city was to be done by one com
pany's plant, $60,000; proportion of taxes of one
company. 124.424; total, $234.42«.
This represents the. minimum revenue which
the new water-rate ordinance should, yield to
the water company. ?¦*•¦.. • ¦ •
Your committee on flre and water has decided
that the present rates can stand a radical and
horizontal cut of almost 25 per cent, and still
bring In to the company a Just and. sufficient
revenue. -?„.
The ordinance which your flr« and water
committee begs now. to submit to you contains
such a horizontal reduction of the present
rates, with the exception: of the 'fire hydrant
rate, which is allow wl to remain at Ita present
fleure. j '
, The new' ordinance contains also a provision
calling for the rendering of the first bill to
any consumer made out as an Itemized bill, so
that each rate payer may know Just what he
Is paying for. It also provides that when a
consumer prefers to take water at meter rates
and demands service by - meter, the Water
Company shall furnish such meter. ""'•'.>:
Motion to Postpone Lost.
Councilman Schaffer moved to postpone
passage of the' ordinance, Councilman
Glrard objecting and saying: "The Coun
cil ought to reduce rates 5u per cent, but
I am satisfied with . the committee's re
port, having perfect confidence in its ac
tion." '• v ¦ •-¦
The motion to postpone, action was de
feated, and Councilman Stetson moved
to cut the hydrant rate to $2 50, but later
withdrew the motion after explanations
by Councilman Cuvellier. The ordinance
was passed to print by the following vote:
Ayes— Cuvelller, Girard, Meese. Lemmon.
Barstow, Rowe. Stetson, Taylort. Mott.
No— Schaffer. Absent— Upton.
Preparing for Public Improvements.
OAKLAND, March s.— The City Council
to-night passed a resolution to Instruct
the City Attorney to prepare the neces
sary ordinance for a .freeholders^ election
for a new charter. Councilman Lemmon
gave notice of reconsideration. 1 An ordi
nance was finally passed giving 1 she Board
of Free Library Trustees the' right to
build the Carnegie . Library*. A park and
boulevard committee 1 was created, of
which Councilman Lemmon will be chair
man. A resolution was passed directing
Consulting Engineer Miller to prepare es
timates for a -salt water plant. 'Passage
of an ordinance to create a commission
composed of Engineers . Morgan. Miller
and Allardt to survey the boundaries of
Lake Merritt was postponed until City
Engineer Clement has reported upon work
he has already done "there.
iTV AKLAND, March • 6.-Th« City
I I Council to-night made a horizontal
Ucut of almost 25 per. cent in water
rated for the coming fiscal year air
der this year's figures. "The new
rates were based upon the valua
tion of the plant of the Contra Coata
Company. A» - exclusively announced "in
The Call, the Fire and Water Committee
reported in favor of eliminating the valua
tion of the Oakland Water Company's ad
dition to the consolidated company's
plant. " The report accompanying the or
dinance, which was passed to Drlnt, indi
cated an income of o per cent for the
company on the rates established. The
flre hydrant rate was left the same as last
year, 12 75 per hydrant monthly, the argu
ment being made by> Chairman Cuvellier
of the committee that the rate was paid
from general taxation and the main pur
pose of the ordinance was to lighten the
burden of the individual ratepayer. . .
The committee's report was signed by
four members — Councilmen Cuvellier,
Baxstow, Meese and Taylor. Explanation
was made that the fifth member. Council
man Upton, was unable to attend • the
meetings of the committee and was com
pelled to be absent at this . evening's
meeting of the Council. The committees
report was In part as follows: .
Report of the Committee.
Guided by the decision of the Supreme Court
In the case of the San Diego Water Company
vs.. the City of San r>le*o, appellants, and af
ter carefully studying the reports made to sev
eral preceding Councils, your committee con
cluded that It was called upon to fix rates only
as for one plant fully capable of supplying
the requirements of the city of Oakland. This
the Contra Costa Water Company's plant has
proven iuelf fully equal to, and, moreover/ it
has been able -to supply water ¦at the same
time to the other cities and towns of Emery
ville, San Leandro. Berkeley, and also exten
sively to the county. ;
Tour committee has therefore eliminated
from the basis of calculation the Oakland Wa
ter Company's plant, absorbed by the Contra
Costa Water Company, as superfluous, espe
cially this year of all others, after the abun
dant rains and the asserted vast accumulation
of water In the reservoirs of the Contra Coeta
Water Company. Your committee has fixed
the valuation of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany's plant at the sum of $3,000,000," and It ar
rived at this figure by taking the value estab
lished according to the Inventory carefully
made by a previous City Council some years
ago and by adding to this the cost of con-
Btruction as taken from the Contra Costa Water
Company's Bworn reports for each subsequent
year, until Its present report, from which lat
ter your committee has strirken out two Items
which cannot properly be considered in this
estimate, to- wit: "Cost of construction of Al
varnfio supply, $13,053," and "Amount paid on
account of purchase of Alameda water plants,
$25,050." . ,-^. v .-: -.¦.,;: < .-.
Water Company Compensated. .
In order to compensate the water company for
any possible errors of undervaluation your com
mittee made due allowance by the addttton of a
large and liberal sum. - '
Having thus arrived at a basis of valuation of
13.000,000, your 'committee has sousht to fix
water rates which would yield to thec<tmpany
a fair Income on this, capital and which -would
cover also Its taxes and 1 operating ' expenses.
HAS PLANS FOR
PLAY GROUNDS
Opportunity to Be Given for
Children at Outdoor
Sports.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
\ • 1118 Broadway, March 6.
.The Oakland Club, composed of many of
the society leaders of this city, has taken
up . plans for the .establishment through
out the city of public playgrounds for
children. The scheme Is based upon the
idea that the children should be provided
with means for outdoor recreation In the
form of swings, sandplles and such other
amusements as appeal to ' the infantile
mind. . - -' ' . .
The ladies have had the subject under
careful consideration, note having been
taken of the success of the Columbia
square project in San Francisco. The
Oakland Club has a playground depart
ment, the members or which are prepar
ing a public address . embodying tneir
plans for the consideration of. the phllan
throplcally Inclined persons who are.ex
pected to enlist in behalf of the project.
The playground Is designed to be an out
door gymnasium, with , every facility • for
the entertainment of children in their
youthful sports. The scope of the enter
prise will be limited only by the response
which shall be made to the appeal of the
ladles. The plan comprehends . the selec
tion of portions of public parks to be set
aside for the use of children exclusively
and amply provided ' with paraphernalia
for their games and amusements. - ;.--" '
Among the ladies who are fo3tering the
plans are Mrs. G. W. Bunnell, Dr.- Susan
Fenton, Mrs."C. D.Olney, Mrs. Wickbam
Curtis, Mrs. E. T. 3arber, Mrs. - Mary P.
Mott, Mrs. C. C. Huber. Mrs. Lulu
Kuhlne, Miss Jean Craib, Miss Alice Mc-
Chesney and Miss Katherlne Felton.
Councilman Cuvellier Says the New Ordinance
Is Intended to Lighten the Individual
?! Taxpayer's Burden.
HORIZONTAL REDUCTION
MADE IN WATER RATES
Nearly Twenty-Five Per Cent Is Lopped
Off Present Figures.
SICK HEADACHE
.Positively coxed by tbete
Uttle Pills.
* They afao rtlSeve Distress from V} ijHj^
tndlgration and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect zexrady for Dbstaeas, Nausea, Drowsl.
ne»3, Bad Taste in the Month, Coated Tongne
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. ,
BtnaH Pin. BmaH Dose.
* SmaH Price*'
Southern Pacific Employes Await Result
of Conferences.
WILL NOT VOLUNTEER
TO JOIN RELIEF BUREAU
WHEELER BRINGS
WELCOME NEWS
FROM THE EAST
Warmly Greeted by Students
as He Steps From Train
at Berkeley.
Reports Formation of the Association
of Universities— Pointers for Pro
posed Commercial Museum
of the Pacific. ;'
BERKELEY, March s.— Benjamin j Ide
Wheeler, president of the University of
California, returned from the East this
evening. He was met at the station by
several hundred students, who welcomed
his coming by numerous college yells.
President Wheeler, has been, away a
month, during which. he has accomplished
a great deal tor the university and for the.
Pacific Coast at large. Besides several
lectures delivered in Richmond and a
number of Informal addresses he spoke
betore the Civic League in Chicago and
made a careful study of the Philadelphia
Commercial Museum.
"I have been so busy during the entire
trfp that it would take hours to tell any
thing of my work," said President
Wheeler to-night. "The most important
matter accomplished, I think, was the or
ganization of an association of .American
universities. The University of California
has been one of the prime movers In the
matter for a long time, and I only put
into effect what has been under discus
sion. This association will be a great
thing. Its sole purpose Is for the ad
vancement of education. . There never
heretofore has existed anything In com
mon between the universities. While all
have aimed at one thing, of course, there
never has been any noticeable assistance
of each other. This association, however,
will give a common basis and make edu
cational work more easily handled.
"In Philadelphia I made a careful study
of the Commercial Museum, particularly
that part of it which will be the most
useful to the Pacific Coast. I have a
great many suggestions to make to the
committee on the promotion of the com
mercial museum of the ¦ Pacific Coast,
which I cannot make public at this time.
The co-operation of the Philadelphia Mu
seum with the one proposed to be estab
lished here has been promised and no
doubt will be of great assistance to us as
well as to them.
"I was royally . welcomed everywhere,
and all seemed interested In the great new
University of California. 1 I had to repre
sent three' great .universities wherever I
went. Brown, where I graduated; Cor
nell; where I - taught, ..and California all
required special attention. I was re
ceived and dined by graduates of all three
in a number of places. Although I had a
busy trip it was very enjoyable, and I re
turn with renewed energy, determined to
raise California to the highest standard.
"The reception accorded me at the sta
tion by the students was a surprise and
gave me great pleasure to know that there
is a bond of sympathy and loyalty be
tween us." . , .',¦-.
HAYWARDS, OAKLAND BERKELEY, FRUITVALE ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
AD VEBTTSE MEWTS. *
t /fIfcARTERS '
Jl H am ¦¦¦¦•
"POPS^^f^l
Our Increase of Insanity.
• Much discussion has. been aroused lately by
the alarming increase of insanity. Our high
rate of living is the cause assigned. In the
rush for money, both men and women neg-
lect their bodies until ! the breakdown comes.
The best way to preserve health is by" a faith-
ful use of Hosteller's ; Stomach Bitters. By
curing all stomach ills, this remedy prevents
nervous breakdown. It is also an excellent
medicine for constipation, dyspepsia : and bil-
iousness. • ......... ...¦.,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i ' --' - ¦ Steamers leave Broadway
fc^" ' wharf, San Francisco:
¦^k^_ For Alaskan porta. 13 a. ra..
Mar. 2. 7. 12. 17. E. 27. Apr. 1.
¦HPf^JMB^ Chanare to company's Bteam»rj
Uk MEI^K% at Seattle.
BlygTl Wj For Victoria, Vanrouvcr. (R
iT^leliHl C). Port Tovrnsend. Seattle.
Nt Taccma, -Everett, Ar.ac-ort»3.
and New Whatccm (Wash.).
-- 10 a. m.. Mar. X 7. 12. 17. 22.
17. Apr 1 and every fifth day thereafter: change
at Seattle to this company 1 * steamers for Alas-
ka and O. N. Ry.; at Ticoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldf Bay). I. p. ra.. Mar.
5. 10. 15. 20. 25. 20. Apr. 4. and every 2tth day
thereafter.' • " ....
For Santa. Cruz Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Otvtota.
Fartta Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San- Pedro (Los Anireles) and Newport. »
a. m.. Mar. 4. Si 12. I«.> ?0.- 24. 2». Apr. 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dieeo, stopping only at Port Rartord
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa. Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). U a. m..
Mar. 2. 6. 10. 14. IS. 22. 26, 30. Apr. S. and every
fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Ensenada. Masdalena Bay. San Joss del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa RosalU
and Guaymas (Ilex.). W a. m.. Mar." 8, and 7th
of each month thereafter. J
For further Information ' obtain company's
folder. -
The company reserves the right to Changs
Fteamers. sailing dates and hours of sailing.
WTICRETW T1CRET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ' '
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts..
¦ 10 Market st-. San Francisco.
•: ¦ THE 0. R. & N. CO.
:. DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
• From Ep«>ar-ftreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
PA DP il2 First Class Includioc; BerUl
innL $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
March 4. 14. 24. April 3
sails.... .....March*. 13. 29. April i
¦ Short line, to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points tn the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
:.¦. - E. C. WARD, General Agent.
.-'."'•. ¦ S3O Market street.
GOODALL. FERKIN3 A CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOMSO9. PISIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. tn.
New York March I New York March 23-
St. Paul.-.-.... .March 14 Pt. Paul April 4
Kensington ...March 21 St. Louis April U
RED STAR LIME.
New Yorl( aijd Antwero.
From Ne-w York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark ...March- 7[»oordland ....March 23
Westernland ..March 14 Frieslaad April 4
Kensington ...March 21|Southwark April 11
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St Mlcbael. Daw-son Clt/.
For full information regarding freight and
- .- . passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery «.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KEEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Najrasakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. March 7
HONGKONO MARU Saturday. March Jl
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April SS
¦;¦-:•;¦> iVla Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
Cl Market tt.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT, Oenetal Ag-nt.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
ffSffliJlP ¦">• 9- 9- Australia
TliUglll rails for Honolulu
I'M Wednesday. March 7.
¦ . —^. ' 1900. at *p. m.
G4-<CL:r\ Th* S. S. Marlpoaa
>jMniMin<J • «aU» rla Honolulu and
Auckland for Sydney
(OfJlDußy- 'W*dn«»«lay. March M.
. - ¦¦• . at 1 p. tn.
Favorlf « line armind the world rla* Hawaii,
Famoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Sues.
England, etc.: l«10 Cnrt class.
L D. Sr*Hti CKELS & B HOa. CO.. Agts.. il4 Montoomer)
Piar 7. Foot Pacific St Freight ollce. 321 Market St
MOSMOS UNEfai'-Elj
" BBRAPI3 .4000 Tox
• . Monthly' for Valparaiso and Hamburg
via Maxlean porta. Central. South America, etc
S. 3. BATHOS 3AIL3 ABOUT XASCH 11
J. 0. SPMOtILS * B*OS. to- tfU, 114 XMtnawy S
1 TUT >>l^l F>l«»t «W>». m X*r*et !»»„ San rr»B»lw»
COXPASIUE CXHIRALI TBAHSATLA.HTIQEE.
DIRECT,;X.INE to HAVRE-PARI9. <^ rr .- Tr
Sallin j every Thursday Instead of
•Saturday," from November 2. 1899. at-^ "*"*
10 a. m.. from Pler:*2. North River, foot of
Morton '«t-: LA BRETAONE. March i;
L'AQUITAINE. March 15: LA CHAMPAGNE.
March J2: LA TO UR AIN E. March »9. First
class to Havre. $60 and upward; S per cent re-
duction on round trip. Second class to Havre,
$45: S per cent reduction on rnund trip. CKN-
ERAL AQENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. . » Broadway (Hudson building).
New Torfc. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. PacWc Coast
Aicffiita.'S Montcmn»ry art.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FORU S..HAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
.' " '.. 1." Steamer "Mbntlcello. '*., . .'
. MON", Tu<?».. Wed.. Thura. and Sat. at 9:11
a- m. : 1:13, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Than, night); Fri-
days 1 p. m. and S:30: Sunday*. 10:30 a. m.. i
p. ml Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 1. - Telephone Main 15C8. .
.FARE .-. ~. 500
9MISCELL AXEOI'S FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machln«rr. ;Me-
INTOSH & WOLPiIAN, I*s-197 Fremont si
BARS, back bars.'- mirrors, showcases.- coun-
ters, linoleum.' office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. .J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
¦*. St.. above Sixth. ...
BARS, counters, showcases/ shelving,' mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged.' 1063 Mission «.
FOR SALE— Beautiful 2-karat perfect diamond.
•at bargain. 14 Fifth *t. . . ?.,
YOUNG gentleman of means desires acqualnt-
e ance of lady of some means; object, matri-
mony; strictly genuine. Box 3979. Call office.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted after this date by mv wife. ELLEN
MULLAN. JOHN MULLAN. 518 Folaom «t.
BELLE— OUDRY ~ - ¦
___£^ ¦! 13 NOT A LADY.
THI9 week only— Lederer. the hairdresser. 12J
Stockton, gives each person . having hair
dressed and to each purchaser fine El Per-
fecto Rouge; halrdresslng. 25c. -"
A FINE suit to order $10 7S. or pants $3 75; our
- specialty in remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMO3 1117
Market rt.. bet. 7th and Bth. prop. One-Jjci
T^l'ortn. Co. 612 Kearny. nearSacto.T'SS
1644 Market at., under St. Nicholas.
EXPERIENCED man ¦ would ' like' position as
clerk in lodging-house; able to take full
charge. Address box 8977, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man \at I house-
cleaning or other. work by the day. HENRY
ANDERSEN. 952 Bush st. I, ¦,.>•;•.
YOUNG man desires position with private
family as watchman; thoroughly understands
the care of horses, can milk and attend gar-
den; references. Address box 3952. Call office.
MACHINIST: and engineer , wants . position:
moderate wages. Box »»8V Call ; office. • -
YOUNO man wants position' as I clerk." cashier
or collector; experience; best references. 1 Ad-
dress box 3984, Call office,'- .
GOOD, sober, trustworthy man wants position
In private family: understands garden,
horses, can milk, handy with ¦ tools. . Address
SOBER, trustworthy man would like position
as janitor: able to take full charge. Address
SAN FRANCISCO CALL. •
BCSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Cell, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until J2 o'clock every night In the year. •>: -
BRANCH OFFICES— K7 Montgomery etreet.
corner Cl»y; open until S:3O p. m.
SOO Hayes street: open until 9:80 p. ra.
OS McAllister street; open until 9:80 p. ra.
CIS Larkln etreet: open until f:3O p. m.
IS4I Mlwlpa rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
SCI Market rtreet. comer Sixteenth: open
until t p. m.
106 Eleventh rtreet: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1223 Po2k street ; open until Ip.m.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tuck v streets: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6. R. A. M.. m
will mm THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING. March <". «t 7:39 o'clock: stated HJf
meeting P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. /^T^
By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAT. Secretary.
COLPEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and • m
A. M— Stated meeting THIS (TUES- _J\
DAY' EVENING, at 7:* i o'clock. lfV
First degree. GEO. J. HOBE. Sec *Tr*
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. •
121 Eddy et.— Stated meeting THIS
(TUESDAY) RVKXIXG, 7:.»3 o'clock. TCJC
GEOP.GF. PENLIXGTON. Sec. /V>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. M. •
—Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) -JV.
EVENING. at S o'clock. XJC
A. 6. HUBBARP. Secretary. I** '
PARKER Lodge No. 124, I. O. O. ..TVSIIim.
F.— lnitiation THIS iTirF.SDAT) £^>-¥KKS-
EVENING.
G. F. NORTHROP. N. Q. "V'iV^
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29, I. O. O.
F.— Merr.berts. tusir.ess of Fpocial Sv^Slßk
Importance require* ypur atten- wMV
tlon at THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING'S- meeting.
J. ERICKSON. N. O.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary-
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— Ofl- k_Jk
c*ts and members of this society are y .iCsA
herel-y r.rtlf.ed to attend your quar- eittH
ier:y meeting on WEDNESDAT I?ESS
EVENING. March 7. at S o'clock '* r^
eharp. By order of
J. L. RADOVICH. President.
AUG. MIKULICH. Recording Secretary.
A. O. H. DIVISION No. 2— The regular %^Sf?>
monthly meeting of thl* division will VXvvJf
be held at Hibernla Hall. ITO Ninth JfcJJ
rt.. on TUEf DAY. March 6. at 7:2offVg?
c. m. Committee 01 arrangements for f»^t&
tt. Patrick's night ball and sub-committees
for same should come prepared to make re-
ports. Bide for bar privilege for ball will be
received at thin meeting. All members who
wish to see the ball a success should attend.
BARTLEY LEE. Pres.
T. L. CLANCY. Sec.
TO-NlCTirr. free lecture. Dr. Olewlne, on oste-
opathy at Dr. Turman'i school of psychology.
305 Larkln St.. S o'clock.
ALASKA.
A GENTLEMAN with two seasons' experience
Is Cepe Nome and surrounding country will
undertake to personally conduct a party or
persons expecting to go to Alaska. He will
r.eslst In the purchase of their outfit and
supplies, will assist in landing and selection ;
of camp site at Nome and guarantee to save i
persons Joining his party more than the fee
charged for his services. Apply between 9
a. m. and noon or address room 71. Colum-
bian building, 916 Market, Ean Francisco.
ASTROLOGY.
PBOF. *. MASERY of Egypt, greatest artrolo-
gist and palmist in the world: satisfaction
rn«TTt»d. 427 Colden Gate are.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVTCE free: divorce law a rpeclalty: private:
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. (50 Market, cor. Etocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, m Market St.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. ha* re-
rumed practice at 503 Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Fpreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fee* In advance.
BELGIAN lIARES.
BELGIAN hares, thoroughbred pedigreed, from
the best strains In America. MAX STREI-
CHER. 1310 E. 27th St.. Lcs Angeles. Cal.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A CHILD to care for: mother's care given.
Inquire ICOJ Washington St.
WANTED — 1 or 2 children to board in German
family; bost care. 43* Minna. Pt.
BOOK* M:\V AND OLD.
FCHOOL BOOKH bought and exehangedT
Holmee Bock Co.. TO4 Ml««lnn St.. near Third.
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
CHILDREN'S shoes, neat and good, special.. 6sc
Ladies' lace cr button shoes, special $100
X) pair men's shoes, all sizes, special (1 15
People's Ehoe etore, 13(4 Stockton, nr. Br'dw'y.
COO PAIRS drummers' sample shoes at manu-
facturer's cost. J. Kohlbecher. 145 Fourth rt.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— J27SO; FIRST-CLASS paying corner grocery
and bar on Turk et. ; place established many
years: stock all fresh; good horse and wagon;
6 living rooms; rent 100. Call R. G. WILKE.
•m Market st.
A— S7OO— CORNER grocery and bar on Sutter
st.. with 3 living-rooms and bath; rent $25;
good paying businens. Call R. G. WILKE.
906 Market st.
A— J4.JO; SALOON. Kearny Et., close to Prescott
House; splendid pay:ng place; low rent; owner
leaves for Nome. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— ttso; CORNKK grocery and bar: living
room; rent SIS. very best location on Twenty-
eecond «t.; stock will Invoice $700: rare bar-
galn. Call K. O. WILKE. 9U6 Market st.
A fICCO GROCERY store; In best location in the
Mistion; 3 living rooms; bath; rent $20; a
. rare chance for good paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. room 8. SO6 Market et.
A-t^O; RESTAURANT and chop house on
fstockton St.; establ. many year* and clearing
ifcbove tl»0 per month. Call room 8. 906 Mar-
kytt rt. R. O. WILKE.
A— r.looo— Si ROOM hotel with first-class paying
ealrfpn; close to the ferries depot on the wa-
ter rront; house always crowded and known
on U)th eide« cf the Pacific. Call R. O.
WILXE. K« Market rt-. room 8.
A FIN X corner saloon on Market st $1200
A IJOi-rooxn hotel, with bar $sdou
A mx^d paying butcher *hop; bargain S5OO
A fint- grocery: doing $2000 per month $3500
A goo<\J paring rooming house; cheap $800
teverar. other houses from $250 to $5000
A fine hakery; cood location; cheap $400
Candy tin<J fruit stores; all prices: bargains.
See MiTCHF.LL A ADAMS, 906 Market ft.
BARGAIN' fpr buying or celling siloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. izs% California tt.. room L
|400~SAl.x>ON with I living rooms; fine trade.
Call nt Liquor Dealers' Journal. 639H Call-
forrAa «.. room L
BJ*RO.\ IN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
/Deal-*** Jfcrnal. *2SH CalKorala st.. rood 1.
tlSO— RHANCH bakery: eleeant fixtures: Mis-
slon: tS rtally. KRELO A CO.. 3 1 , i Geary st.
flK<o— JIAItK opportunity; worth $1000- clears
tZ'J) month: trial. KREPO A CO.. Ml 4 Geary.
$210— MEAT market; receipts. $SOO month: good
horse, wacan ;' cash business. Kredo. 22V» Geary.
$r^o-BLACKSMITH and wagon buelnws m
prosperous country town: buildings; two lots
and private dwelling Included- established 81
years: part cash If deslreS. IIcLAUGHLIN
A CO.. 777' i Market et.
J9OO— SALOON: central: private rooms: paying
bug.; bargain. McLaughltn & Co.. 7771,4 jjkt.
$7<¥V— SELL"CT rooming house: 9 rooms: all full-
fle-antly furnished; all new and clean- will
bear Investigation. 437 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG man. 77. desires, permanent position as
night man. hotel or restaurant: reference and
Address box 3358. Call office.
BRANCH bakery and lunch room, with or
without rurnlture; cheap; good buslnens-
leaving city. Box 5978. Call office.
r.ARBER shop for sale in a mountain town:
tie shaving; good opportunity. Inquire of
BERNARD. 104 Seventh st. 7^7, :
tm WILL buy good paying "business If *old
thl* week: rent JIS; store and living-room
Apply 10G3 Larkln *v
FOR Sale— Good paying: restaurant, near the
water front: rent laid till March 10. Inquire
at 32 Wa»hinrton st. _
4 -CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap: every-
thing In flrst-cIaES order. Address box 2351
Call orflce. ' ;
SMOKEHOUSE for sale; also horse, wagon
and harness. Apply 907 Point Lobos aye. ; no
' agent*. ' •
fcALOON in business center: for sale on ac-
count of death. Address box^SSSS. Call office. •
$2i'e>-RESTAURAXT: setts « people ; worth :
$500. For bargains see CHISEL A CO.. 79 3d.
PARTNER in legitimate businees: small capi-
tal; make good wages. Apply 79 Third st. ;
BARBER shop for eale at a sacrifice; sickness
cause of celling. 7J9'/» Howard et.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— PARTNER with $5000 cash or property; good
businees; experience unnecessary; monopoly.
Pac. .States Realty Co.. *20 Emporium bldg.
BUTCHER. shop; big trade: $450: worth $1000;
horse, wagon, cash register; all Complete.
Pacific Statea Realty Co.. r. 320 Emporium.
A $10,000, BUSINESS for $4600; will clear $5000
per annum; will btand investigation. Pacific
States Itealty Co.. IZS Market et.. room 320.
A BRANCH bakery; fine corner: cheap rent;
rooms. COWING A CO., 719 Market St.
A SALOON; fine location; bargain this day.
COWING A C&. 719 Market st.
« *
CORNER grocery; b*st In city; great sacrifice.
COWING A CO.. 719 Market St.
FOR SALE— Grocery, fruit and vegetable store.
Apply at 236 Ninth st.
$:SO— PARTNER in good paying saloon; half
cash. 79 Third St.
RESTAURANT Tor sale or rent; 155 Fourth at.
Apply 234 Natoma Et. '
promoter]
Good'backinz; will finance or organize re-
liable rallwvy. mining or Industrial enter-
prises; charters furnished. Address confi-
dentially bo 11 1253. Call office/ .
WANTED— A tailor or dyer to buy out well-
established business, dyeing, cleaning, re-
pairing; reason for selling going to Paris
Exposition. Address F. M. SCHMIDT. So-
nora, Cal. •
MY goods are shipped all over the United Statea.
Mexico and Canada, with increasing demand;
wide-awake business man with capital; write
for particulars. J. X.. Call office, Oakland, j
FAMILY hotel, well located, city; furniture of
40 rooms, with good will of a paying busi-
ness; leased premise*; low rent: must be
sold. For particulars address box 3927, Call.
WANTED— Partner. cne-half interest $2000.
to enlarge hardware business; have $5500 In
stock: established 20 year*. Address Box
2715. Call. Oakland.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
thoelng business; 16 years present location;
cheap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
PARTNER wanted, good paying buslne**, for
fairs and picnics; investment $50. Call at 14
Langton, bet. Howard and Folsom. forenoon.
NEW bakery or laundry: 3-can milk wagon: 2-
¦eated spring wagon; 8 grocery or delivery
wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
GOOD opportunity for young man email means;
old established business. 680 Commercial st. :
DELICACY and dairy produce; living room*;
price reasonable. Inquire 645 McAllister st. |
GRAVEL mine for sale or work on shares;
house and tools furnished. Box 3923. Call.
LADY want* partner: established paying busi-
ness; will bear investigation. Box 3933. Call.
830O— HOME bakery: portable oven; 7 barrel*
weekly. 331 Sixth *t-.- liquor store.
WELL-PAYING cracker route for sale; rea-
sonable. Box 3*32. Call office.
GOOD chance for carpenter with small capital.
Apply at 127 Turk st.
TO let— Cafe privileges at Lurltne Baths. Bush
and Larkln sts. Apply on premises.
GOOD coal yard for rent cheap. . 2101 Central
aye.. Alameda.
GROCERY, rtore wanted; must be cheap. Ad-
drees box 4370. Call office.
KOUTE of 844 papers on this paper (or kale.
Box 6. Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.. 4» Sacramento rt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubrcrinllon* has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. >
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1??3 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of VTwenty-second and Ken-
tuckr sts.: open untn 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
STEW A 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts A hsTr-
ness. wk A driving h<r>eg. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-3J7 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth rt.: tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 2 Eighth St.; tei. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
I St.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Ms In 594. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; te'^phone East 128.
SPIRITUALISM.
AirTENTioNTT7rrrrrrr.T.".7rrrrr^EMo\'ED*!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always successful and satisf actor}", and all
correspondence Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her .residence, 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
X. B.— Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get off at Clinton Station, 2d station from
Eroadway.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: .articles
read 10c; psychometric and trance sittings.
136 Sixth st.
JttRS. ROBINSON. 1646 Market St., opp. Tenth;
sittings daily: cir. Monday eve.. Fri. 2 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
M^r^rT^\VTllTNEYr"no4"liarket ; "trance?
test, business medium; life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp for circular: slttlngssl.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
forunte teller: giv»s best advice In difficult
m?tters. Removed to 19 Fulton St., nr. Larkln.
CLAIRVOYANT, card readerandpalmist;allyou .
seek to know answered without questions; read-
ings this week 25c and 50c. 94? Mission st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 2".c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRS. MARY EVANS" circle to-day. 2 and 8
p. m. ; also Wed. cv. ; 10c: read, dally. 142 6th.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to^
night. 605 McAllister st.; 10c; come skeptics.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Mkt., bet. -10th A 11th;
dr. Tues. 8 p. m.', Thur. 2 p. m.', 25c; sit. daily.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.. 25c. 409 Leavenworth st. I
YOUR future told by cards; satisfaction guar-
anteed. ICE Mission; 25c. . '
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. ""<". truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MRS. ROBINSON, 164« Market St., opp. Tenth;
sitting* daily: cir. Monday eve., Frl. 2 p. m. :
MME. HANSON— Palmistry. 10c: card reader:
past, present, future, 25c. MS Sixth, room 12.
CATHERINE DEANE, scientific life and card
reader. 989 Howard st.. cor." Stx'th, office 23.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c. . .
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer,
330 Ellis Ft.: circle Sun. and Wed. evenings. ¦
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, ctrd reader;
sittings daily. 212H Sixth st. • -¦ .
TOUR future told by cards. 25c 944 Howard
»t.. 10 a m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. ELLIS— Te»t» to all; circle Tues.. Fri.. I .
p. m. ; M0n.."8: 25c; sittings »1. 233 Valencia.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus- !
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEFK'S news for 6 cents. • The Weekly Call, «
4( pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CpLLECTIOX OFFICES. <
G KoItOE^wTK ELLY^T A ! gency ""no Vha'rge' un-
le» •ueressful. Room £10. •sUI Market at.
- . COTTAGES -TO LET. !
COTTAGE. 6 rooms, bath, large- yard. Ul7 ';
Point Lobos aye., near Ninth. ¦
SUNNY) cottage of 4 rooms and bath; large
yard. Apply at 2806 Howard, bet. 24th A 25th. •
6-ROOM ccttage: 23H Morris aye.. .bet. Harrl-
son and Bryant, nr. Cth: key next door. N0. 23.
I>fi"fTISTS.
FULL? set of teeth. $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold,' sl up; -
silver. We; painless extraction. 50c; gas given. 1
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLL'M HILL. 1443 Market ~ at. .~ near i
] Eleventh — Crowns, bridge work and fillings a.
specialty ; all' work reasonable; gas given.
WANTED. iJWaSB
FIRST-CLASS . SALESMEN.
GENTLEMEN AND LADIES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO..
146 Ninth, st.. • 521 Montgomery aye..
861 Market St.. . 356 Hayes St.. -
210 and 212 Grant aye.. 218 Third St..
705 Larkln St.. . . ?008 Fillmore st..
ISI9 Devisadero St.. 3006 : Sixteenth . st..
475 Halcht St.;- 2516 Mission st... ""
1(0 Sixth St.. . . 3?R5 Mission st.
1419 Polk St.. ¦ 2732 Twenty-fourth rt.
MEN. wanted to learn barber trade, ln 8 weeks:
day and evening classes;' special Inducement
this season; . handsome illustrated ' catalogue
. and souvenir . free; only institution ". In •* the
' world' teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades." ; MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. •; Branches— San Francisco,' New York,
. ¦ St. Louis, Chicago, Minneapolis. _ : . ' ' . . .
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market; ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated: late sclen-
tlflc methods: cure guaranteed: treatment. 15.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladies' special-
Ist: guaranteed treatment at office $5- sa'e
and reliable; consultation free;- hours 10* to 8.
DR. WISB. the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market
St.; every case guaranteed; $5 up. j
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER-Prlvate home
In confinement.- 1212 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dla-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
NEAT, steady girl : for general housework:
cooking and small washing; wages $25. 1009
Dolores st., near Twenty-third. •
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. $5; safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st bet.
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. NO TOY KFE, late of Canton. China,
tea and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento st
corner of Kearny: all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively; by Chinese, herbs and teas-
advice free; office hours, 10 a. m. to 12 m •
2 toi6 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m. ""
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist: home
In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5: any ailment; consultation free. J42
Post St.. between Hyde and Larkln.
WOMAN would like any kind of work by the
day.' Call or address MRS. ROBERTS, 11%
Washington aye., bet. Ninth and Tenth sts.
WOMAN wishes situation in restaurant ¦ to
assist In kitchen or lunch . work. Call 672
SELL for storage— 2 uprights. $75: very fin*
Steinway. $125. Wilson" s Storage. 1719 Market.
COMPETENT person for general housework:
family of two adults; sleep home If conven-
ient to 831 Guerrero St.. near Twenty-first;
German lady directed from Cumberland st.-
please call.
WANTED— German cook, $35; cook for hotel
help. $30; 4 second girls $20 and $25; wait-
resses for restaurants, going wages; chamber-
maid, $18, nice place; nurse. '$20; 12 girls for
housework in American families, only short
distance In country, $25: a large number of
girls for housework In city, $25. Apply early
and secure a good situation of J. F. CRO-
SETT A CO., 816 Sutter st.
WANTED— Cash boys at RAPHAELS.
LOST AND FOUND.
? r , JL . ¦ ¦ --, , ?.„---¦
LOST— Purse with rame M. E. LETROY; con-
tained money, and receipts.. Answer to box
¦ 4284. Call office. .
LOANS ON PERSONAL PROPERTY.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOUSLE Y. 321 Parrott building.
ARE you tn need of a piano? We have a large
¦ assortment of new and second-hand pianos of
the best makers; sold for cash or very easy
payments; $6 down and $6 per month for an
elegant new upright; some good pianos for
$3.' $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
A CO.. Steinway dealers, cor. Sutter ami
Kearny sts.. San Francisco; cor. Thirteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. r" ••/;;
C. R. HANSEN A CO PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT....
4 waitresses for first-class commercial hotel,
$20; 3 waitresses, Fresno, $20; 3 waitresses.
Woodland, $20; waitress, Keswlck. $20, fare
here; waitress.- Crockett. $20; waitress, San
Mateo, $20; 3 waitresses, city. $20; 3 wait-
resses for new restaurant, $6 week; 2 lunch
and dinner waitresses, $5; 2 lunch waitresses,
no Sunday work, $3 50; fancy Ironer, $30.
FAMILY ORDERS
Cook, Alameda, £ In family, $25. see party
here at 11 o'clock: cook, Alameda, $25; cook,
Newcastle, $20, . see party here: house girl,
city. 2 in family. $25; 5 second girls, city and
country: house girl. Stockton, small family,
$25. C. R. HANBEN A CO.. 104 Geary St.
A— REFINED GIRLS to mind 3 small chil-
dren; $30; best of references required. - MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Gardener and wife, $50; Swiss
milker, $30; farmers, $1 day; young man for
fruit ranch, $15; band sawyer and machinist
for sawmill: 10 woodmen, $1 25 to $2 day;
8 woodchoppers, 80c, $1, $1 75 and $2 75 cord;
shingle bolt maker, $1 50 cord; boy to learn
blacksmith trade; and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Cook and wife, country restaurant,
$50 to $55; oysterman and waiter, $40; board-
ing-house waiter, $25: porter, $20; and others.
J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. It Montgomery.
2039 Howard: 10 r. 527 501 1345 Howard; 6 rms.Bl9
2111 Hyde; 12 r00m5.. 530 1 2937 California: 6 r..515
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
WANTED TO-DAY
Ship to-morrow
a gang of railroad teamsters for Coast road,
Santa Barbara County
Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— COOKS, WAITERS, Laundrymen, Tailors.
9 cooks $45, $40. $35. $30, $25 found
9 waiters ....;. $35. $30. $25, $20 and found'
Dishwashers, porters, man for delicacy store,
lroners, washers, coat makers, pants makers,
bushelmen, $15 week.
BAKERS
Baker, small country shop $40 and found
third and fourth hands, $25 and found; lots of
other positions. MURRAY 4^ READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech.. survey, assay, archt ; day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
A— WE PAY YOUR fares to, mills and woods,
25 laborers, no experience "required, $20 and
found; 355 woodchoppers, tie makers, post and
picket makers, $2 60. $2, $1 75. $1 50. $L 75c
cord, 12c. 13c, lie, 10c each. $4 50 per 1000. 2Vio
each; for mines, farms, woods, etc.; tools and
food advanced. MURRAY A READY, 634 and
636 Clay st. ;
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
DECKER'S BARGAINS— SEE THEM.
8-room new flat $500
26-room house; clears $100 550
110-room corner house 4SOO
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $123.... 9CO
32 rooms; corner; clears $150 1600
Corner on Market; clears $400; 104 rooms.. 4300
Mod. house: elev.; clears $500; 84 rooms.. 6500
Tel. John 51. - H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
LAW BOOKS (second hand) bought and sold at
REUBEN'S. 429 Montgomery St.. upstairs.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
"WANTED— To buy singing canaries. Angora.
cats, black and tan toys, white poodles. Japa-
nese pugs, fox terriers and spitz pupa, ring
doves, white rabbits, guinea pigs or any sal-
able stock. 411 Kearny st.
DR. BUZAKD'S Dog Hospital. Post. FlUmort—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
gardener; can take care of horses. Box 3926,
Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2220 FlUmore.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third »t.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night;, reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FURNISHED rooms. 75c. $1. $1 25 per week,
METROPOLITAN. 514 Fourth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. Attor-
¦ neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
WANTED— Situation on Pacific Coast by young
man; experienced office manager, bookkeeper
and . stenographer; best of references. : Ad-
dress box 344. Hancock. Mich. -
¦WANTED— Position as clothing salesman .or
clerk In general <. merchandise business In
country: No, 1 references given. Address
M. G.. 104 Powell st .
GIRLS WANTED.
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LBVI
STRAUSS A CO., 86H Fremont St.; elevator.
A TOUNG ! Frenchman of good education and
reputation, who can speak, read and write
English/wishes to go to the Paris Exposition
with an American family or somebody as an
interpreter; moderate terms ? and '¦ can give
' good I references. Address 1 JEAN LA-
CLERQUE. 217 Pacific aye.. Santa Cruz, Cal.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class coachman
¦ from the East; references and bond if re-
' quired. Address box 3972. Call office.
STEADY man in paying business: small capi-
tal required. Call at 79 Third St.
A-BUYS. sells or rents gear ™*?™ ne l*\. '^
gines. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
AT auction rrtces; i WHkerson chairs. J elec-
A £te.n*lS« P . laboratory and furniture^of cor-
ner dental office: actual receipts °V« r » 3C «
monthly. Address Dentist, bo* 3**. Call.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. . : 42 Main st.
GET your ' shoes half-soled", while ' waiting; • 25e
- to 50c. 662 Mission st.; between Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN— Ordinary.' green ' hands, ¦" fbr ' steam
t whalers, c 701- Battery St., corner : Pacific. -- ,
GOOD hand on verts * button ' holes. ' Room 91,
St. Anne's bldg. 6 £ddy, St. . ;
WANTED— An experienced hand girl on ladles'
cloaks. 4S Ellis st. ¦.¦¦•-' i
WANTED— A 86 model; one who can finish pre-
ferred.q Ellis, St.; first floor. ,
WANTED— First-class r Ironer on ladles'
clothes. 10 Oak *t- --['¦-
GOOD coatmakers.* also rapid barters.' to work
1 1 Inside by I the day or piece : I steady . work and
. good pay., Apply to 8. N/ WOOD. 718 Market.
WANTED— Ex-Spanish soldiers of good ad-
* dress : ¦' good • pay to * the ' right . men. --'Apply
GEORGE PATTTSON. 630 Market *t. ?
"WANTED— First-class cloak and '• suit fitter.
; Apply at E. , Messager's, 145 Post st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman " . for » light housework
• and cooking; $12 50. 1030 Sanchez st. .-¦-.."
WANTED— GirI jto help In | housework: $10 to
$12. Call at office and see young lady, 13
, Howard St., . between 12 and 1. ¦¦'-:: -! .-•'• •. "
GIRL for general housework; good plain cook-
: - ing: small family. ' 2332 Pine st.. nr. Steiner.
YOUNG girl, white or colored: light ; house-
: work and care of baby. ; 771 : Eddy . st.' .
WANTED— Young, girl ) for general . housework :
: small family; must understand cooking. 1254
- Eddy Et. '.--. «>.¦-:>*.;"¦• ¦?¦•- .- .•¦ ¦: ¦- . - .
WANTED7-All ¦ apprentice at E. . Messager' s
._ cloak store. ; 145 Post st. ; ' ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
GERMAN man and wife wish . positions on a
OPERATOR on buttonhole machine. D, M.
. DAVIDSON A CO.. 731 Market rt. ' . ,' ¦
¦YOUNG girl for general housework: wages $15.
2650 Twenty-first st. •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been . established at the
northwest corner, of Twenty-second and Ken-
1 tucky sts.; open until 9j.ni."
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ¦ .. • •• . . . -.;.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ.
18 McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD . upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S, Jl6 McAllister rt.
WANTED— A foreman for a woodworking es-
tablishment "making ' sash, ;. - doors, , steamer
cabin and all other classes. of interior finish;
must be a young or middle-aged man, ener-
getic, a good manager of men, competent to
lay out, work from drawings and take entire
charge of Its manufacture and erection at low
cost: this will be steady employment In the
city of. Seattle for the right person.' and only
those having the above qualifications In the
highest degree need apply, stating age, mar-
ried or single, time employed* and class of
work most familiar with, firms employed by
and any other ; references, compensation ex-
pected as a monthly salary- Address Post-
office box 319. Seattle, Wash. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c 'to $1 50 night: $1 SO to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free .'bus
and baggage to and from. ferry.
WANTED— Cook.' . 1012 Battery st. .
A GOOD 15-cent . barber - shop >, fer sale; $30.
Corner Sixteenth and Market . sts. ,
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
FINE Fischer A Stelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S, 101J Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st.
TAILORESSES wanted to work on custom
pants. 80S Montgomery St., 3d floor, rm. 6.
WANTED — Solicitors to take tea and coffee
orders on commission and salary. Box 3989,
Call office. ¦
WANTED — A German girl for housework and
cooking. 414 Van Ness aye.. -bet. 9-12 a. m.
WOMAN to cook and care for 4 children In
mother's absence. Call between 9-10 a. m.
at 417 Fremont st
GIRL for light housework ; wages $12 month.
2514 California st.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano, $3 per month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
WANTED— 4 good square pianos at BYROJf
MAUZY'9 ptano warerooms. 3CB Post st.
WANTED— A -, flrst-clans talloress to work on
pants. 1104 A Clay st. . .
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
RESPECTABLE young girl; general house-
i work; small famllyy sls. 611 Cole," nr. Chutes.
A FIRST-CLASS sewer wanted. 1423 Polk
: street. • ,• . ¦¦ r'¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ '
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed
Write or call at 1023% Market st.
3 SMALL uprights. $38 to $125; stor» open even-
ings. HEUNE PIANO CO.. 136 Ellis st.
RESPECTABLE girl desires situation to do
general housework and cooking. 5056 25th st.
POSITION as housekeeper or take care of In-
valid. 163 Lexington aye., bet. Eighteenth
and Nineteenth and Valencia and Mission.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants place as work-
ing housekeeper or light housework; moder-
ate wages; reference; call two days. 860 Clay
St., Oakland. / ; . . .
WOMAN wants a place for general housework:
no washing. N. D., 1103 Powell at.
DRESSMAKER would like a few more engage-
ments by the day. $1 CO; will take work home;
perfect fit guaranteed. Address The Furrier.
i3S Ellis St.
WANTED — Elderly man who can take care of
1 horse and do some drivlnc; wages $5 a
month. 500 Haight st. '
A— sso; FINS piano In good condition: BSOO up-
right sacrificed; owner going East. Room Uk
Flood building.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure In one
*\y; 15 years' successful practice In S F-
ni«.>rnlty homo; low fees. : 1007% Market st'
Ig sewer; also experienced
1918 Howard st.
plumber's helper.
WANTED— Good coachman, wages $45. MRS.
D. SCHONFELD, 1260 Geary st.
FOUND— Lady's purse, cor. Sixth and Harri-
son: owner can have same by calling at 961
Howard st. and describing property.
YOUNG lady from Massachusetts would like
position as traveling companion, to elderly
lady going to Europe, or would take care of
children: best of references. MRS. HATCH
4SB. Geary st.
EXPERIENCED French girl, first-class; cook,
¦wishes a situation; city or country. 1811
Jackson St.; upstairs. ¦."--.:
20 HIGH-GRADE new uprights stored with
us from factory will be sold at factory price*
on Installments or cheap for cash. WIL-
SON'S Storage, 1710 Market st.
IN first-class condition — Martin guitar. Wash-
burn mandolin and lady's one-karat solitaire
diamond ring: will sell for one-third their
actual cost. Room 1008. Call bldg., tenth floor.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt salsa.
W. C. HAMILTON. 354 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous*
west of Chicago Is KOHLE7R A CKASET3.
26. 2S and 20 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
HOUSES WANTED.
TRAVELING salesman of good address and
appearance, shrewd,- polished and affable; a
young man who has sold the mill supply and
machinery trade preferred; only -a strictly
first-class salesman, who can prove his abil-
ity as such, need reply. Box 4255, Call office.
WANTED— A tailor on coats at 620 Kearny St.;
first floor, room 1.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
A — GIRL for upholstering store; $9 per week;
experience. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— 2 GIRLS; light housework, and sleep home;
$15 each. , MISS CULLKN, 325 Sutter st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S ,104 Geary St.
6 coal miners. $2 BO a day, 2 machine men
for quartz mine. $3 a day; 2 quartz miners,
$2 50 a day; 2 blacksmiths, country, $45 and $2
a day and board; 3 cabinet makers and wood-
workers, $2 a day; carriage painter, ¦ country.
$35 and found; 2 stablemen, country. $25 and
found: 2 farmers, same ranch. $25 and free
fare: 6 farmers for orchards, 75c a day and
board: 20 woodchoppers, 750 a cord..
-30 mill and woodsmen and laborers, $20 to
$35 and board; see boss here
Ironer and starcher and run No. 9 tray,
hotel laundry, 'country. $40 and f0und........
Shampqoer for Turkish bath. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
A-JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. : telephone Jessie 761.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail:
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett, 802 Montgy.
CLASSES In German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
A— BOY for our office. MURRAY A READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
BIRCH AYE.. 5—4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished.
$250— FOR 10 rooms; all housekeeping.
$175 — For 9-room house; rent $9.
$100— For 7-room house. Apply 79 Third st.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale at a bargain: house
of 22 rooms will sell for $200 cash; must be
sold this week; rent %Zi; no agents. Call at
860 Howard st., between 1 and 2 o'clock.
$200—11 ROOMS; near Mark-t: all .rented;
must sell. BASILE. 3 Eddy st
6 PER cent and up on second mortgages, un-
divided Interests, estates and claims In pro-
bate and monthly rents. A. M. SPECK A
CO.. 667 Market *t. x
BARGAINS BARGAINS
20 rooms. Golden Gate aye., only $750
40 rooms; rent $60; near Third st 600
34 rooms; sunny cor.: clears $100 1650
50 rooms; cor.; rent |125; only.. 1700
106 rooms; corner; clears $200 1600
R. H. WINSTON A CO., 1026 Market st.
FLATS TO LET.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly .taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission; vlolln.guitar.
TO "Morning Call Home . Btudy" readers —
Classes forming; French conversation. Mer-
cantile Library. 530 G. G. aye., r. 6, 6; hrs. 2-8.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. Zd and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r- 8.
GEORGB MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071H Market st. ; examinations free: German
eyewater by mall, 60c. Phone. Mint 257.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
BOOKKEEPING as It is done: superior port-
graduate ccurse; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
BCRAP Iron and machinery bought. San Fraa-
A— MURRAY & READY... PHONE MAIN 6840
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
.' WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
Laborer for a mine $60
: Handy man with carpenter tools. .sl E0 day fd
3 drillers; teamsters for city work; second
gardener, $20 and found; shoemakers. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— DAIRIES FARMS STABLES
82 milkers and butter makers.. ..s3s. $30, $25 fd
49 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California. $26, $25. $20 and found....
9 vineyard pruners ....$2 per ICO
12 choremen. boys $20, $15. $10 found
9 stablemen, buggy washers, harness clean-
ers, etc.. $40, $33. $30. $25, $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Pest St., i. P.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80- page catalogue free-.
EDUCATIONAL.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ' ¦ * •
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking, ill Post, over O'Connor A Meffat.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
WASTED — MALE.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 887 Geary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses msde over; porfeat fit..
B. F. Dressmaking, Ladlec* Tailoring School)
French tailoring system taught. 805 Van Ness.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
¦ tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
CHINESE, experienced, first-class oook, wishes
position; hotel, boarding or family; good ref-
erences; satisfaction. 116 Prospect place, bet.
Stockton and Powell.; F. M. '
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 108 Post.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
HONEST Japanese boy of good habits wants
a situation at housework. S. F.. care J. Y.
M. C. A.. 121 Halght st. ,
POSITION a* bookkeeper or other clerical
work. Address 142 Collingwood st.
DOG HOSPITAL.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore; *t.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open till 9 p. m.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor; S locomotives. 230 Fremont.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planes, lathes.
Iron A wood; Id-hand. J. BURKE. 1O Bealo.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN' SAFE CO.. 417-431 Sacramento st.
BARBER with 1 ' year's experience wishes
steady work. Address box 3921, Call offloe.
.WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurse airl tor boy 8 years old; roust do (sw-
ing. 997 Golden Gate aye.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers: plated:
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission rt.. near 15th.
WANTED— IOO men to try "our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper: best in city. 406 McAllister.
GOOD, reliable woman; light housework; small
family; good home. Particulars 1461 Valencia.
FOR Sale or Trade— Edison's moving pictures
machine; 35 good films. 125 Turk st. C. TULL.
WANTED— First-class «tallorera on coats.- Ap-
ply 533 Natoma at. <
GUARANTEED dentirtry; $1 week: we refer to
6900 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 285 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 2Se.
STEADY man; understands care horses, cows.
eto. : good driver; handy with tools and about
. machinery;- well recommended. Address box
8969. Call. '
WANTED— Reliable middle-aged woman for
permanent position. Address box 3941, Call.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night, 75c to $2 per week.
DRESS pants. $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
nlar Price Hatters. 330 Kaarny st.. nr. Pine.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-1U Market St.. San Fran.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor
A 10-TON Fairbanks »eale and fire and bur-
Slar proof safe. 216 California St.
BARTENDER, 27, desires permanent position;
night man preferred; references and security.
Address box 1937, Call office.-
YOUNG man, 18 years of age, would like situ-
ation, J office or dry goods store, where he can
learn the business; wages no object to begin
with. J. H., 1512 Mission st.
lO.ono FEET' new rubber belting, half price.
ROBT. BRAND A CO.. 527 Third St.. Oakland.
MUST be sold at once— A new large handsome
breeding cage: very cheap. 973 Golden Gate.
SHETLAND ponies. In pairs or single. 1074
East Twenty-first St.. Oakland.
WANTED— A good woman pastry cook at 487
McAllister it. -
EDISON concert phonograph, price rg™"**?
$100: concert records. $3 50. BACIOALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco. ,
GASOLINE engines, marine and ¦*»*J o »» r J*
second-hand: all sixes; cheap; guaranteea.
NEWELL BROS.. 140 First st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
. rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and Id sts.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. .
ABOUT 50 gallons good country « n " k -,_ A<ld J! r ;
E. B. BARBER. Del Hambre Dairy. Mar-
tlnes. ; '
BARBERS— Complete 3-chair outfit at a bar-
gain. 911 Larkln st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on pants. 1009 Clay
WANTED— Neat competent - woman for -per-
manent position in small store. Box 3966. Call.
FOR Sonoma— Wanted, a cook. $20, and second
girl, $15. Apply at 2210 Central aye.
WANTED— First-class skirtmaker. VERDIKR,
Ladies' .Tailor, 944 Geary st. . . " -
WANTED— By young married couple, position
.on farm; man good mechanic do any kind
¦of work; woman excellent cook; wages
¦ reasonable, ¦ C. H. C, 1026% Natoma St. ; .
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper desires: employment:
best city references; no objection to country.
Address G.'D... 209 Valencia et. :-
WANTED— GirI for second work; apply after
10 o'clock." 2932 Jackson st. •
A-DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlora. 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
. chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from SOc; badly de-
cayed, teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 to up; open evenings and Sundays."
A FULL set of teeth 'on a rubber plate, $5 a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings. 50c;- crowns, $3 60; all work
fialnless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
ors. 24 Sixth st.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
. HELP WANTED^- MALE.^
TAILORS wanted for sitting room: every «»n-
venlence. 41 m Kearny st., top floor. .
DENTISTS.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR 9ALBJ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 6," 1900.
WANTED— Nurseglrl. Call at 2827 Pine st.
WANTED— Man or boy; work about house part
of day. Call before 9 a. m. at 2219 Van Ness.
WANTED— A first-class florist to open new
bucine?*. Address G.. box 3942. Call. i. ¦..
GOOD starch work Ironer* at 790 Elizabeth *t..
between Twenty-third and .Twenty-fourth.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wanted for bakery;
German preferred. 1410 Polk St. : ,
WANTED— Competent girl for housework and
cooking; wages $20. 1542 McAllister st.
YOUNG man to learn dentistry. Address box
. 3956. Call office. ; - ¦
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CMNIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th,- rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
hay* your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$1 60 up; plates, extractions free; $4 M up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. ra.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
¦rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75c, with wrlt-
ten guarantee for 5 years: plates, $3; crowns,
$1 IDEAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy st.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1141 Polk st.
WANTED— Situation as coachman: No. 1 horse-
man! can milk; strictly temperate. Address
box 8967, Call office.
DR. CREELY"S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sunday*. 850 Market.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers: plated:
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission St., near 13th.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ,
A BRANCH office fpr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1066 Va-
lencia St. '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions ¦ has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ke,n-
tucky sts.; open until 9p. m. « -
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
200 HORSES 1000 to 1400 pounds, 30 head 1200 to
1300 pounds, unbroken, at the Canty Ranch.
Grayson, Cal. -
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
• tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
WANTED — Second-han<f upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1719 Market St.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 0 p. m. " ~
60 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1655 Market et.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 O. O. ay.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
second mortgage*, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages: confidential: advice free. O. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
' • • FINANCIAL^^^. -" ¦ ¦
OIL stock now paying 2 per cent monthly divi-
dends; fullest Investigation. THE MCCAR-
THY CO., 410-411 Heune block, Los Angeles.
646 Market st, 8. F. ¦ ' ..
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, $50; send for catalogue. - • •
IF you want to move get printed list fiats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
A— MINERS... CARPENTERS ...LABORERS
12 hard rock miners $75
9 carpenters, house, 5 bridge work. $5, $4,
$2 60 day; wheelwrights, $45 and found: 10
laborers, city. $30 and found. MURRAY A
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
DANCING, ballroom or stage,' quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
NINETEENTH. 3980. near Noe— Lovely sunny
lower C-room flat, with room on porch; $18:
water free. . .„ - . . : .
ESPINA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 837 Phelan building.
SUNNY flat. 6 rooms and bath; all modern im-
provements. Apply 2806 Howard st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ;*&By or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
BIG bargain; 23 rooms, all housekeeping; full
and paying; cheap rent; genuine snap. Pacific
' States Realty Co.. 855 Market St.. room 320.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity.. HILL, room 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431
California st.
CIVIL service coaching; day, evening. San
Francisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
SACRAMENTO, 1523— Sunny 8 rooms; complete-
. ly furnished. .
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 SO. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
65 ROOMS— Modern: handsomely furnished;
downtown; paying handsomely : must be sold;
bargain. Address box 3957. Call.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry A Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
ROOMING house of 24 rooms for sale cheap;
account of going East. 640 Howard st.
O' F A RRELL, 131 A —Completely furnished lodg-
lng-house. Apply on premises.
$»5— LODGING-HOUSE. 12 rooms, for sale.
bargain. 130 Second. St.: no agents.
ON REAL estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, aad oa
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER A CO..M Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market St.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$3« TO $o0,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
office; beat help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas. Aramorl, SOCH Stockton; tel. John 2121.
AGENTS can make $10 per day selling our nov-
elty machine; write; on application will send
cut and terms. THOS. R. FOOTE CO.. Los
Angeles, Cal.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
LADIES — Agents: something new. 602 Geary
St., San Francisco.
SHAMPOOER for Springs. $35 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 336 Parrott bufid-
Ing — Men can secure loans on personal note.
TO salaried men. without collateral or lndoreer;
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
HOUSE of 5 rooms 2309 Polk st.; rent, lnclud
Ing water. $15.
SUNNY 8-room house; decorated; bath; base-
ment; garden; large yard; $22. 229 Bartlett.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
LARGEST and most complete stock of SHEET
MUSIC at HALF PRICE at MAUVAIS'. 76J
Market st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED-<-FEMAL«.
FIRST-CLASS German laundress desires situa-
tion: best of references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. •
TO let — A pleasant sunny. house. 7 rooms. 3356
Twenty-first st., near Guerrero.
A GERMAN'cook; $35; first-class family. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter et.
A— INFANT'S nurse; $25 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
\T. prepay freight to any part of the State on
all pianos sold for cash; our prices will as-
tonish you. they are so low. ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market St., S. V.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FOR sale — Furniture of 3 housekeeping rooms;
bargain: nicely furnished: rent whole house
if desired. 309 Hyde, from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
GOOD small-sized upright to-day for 1150 at
MAUVAIS'. 789 Market st.
SUNNY 8-room furnished house. 1133 Stanyan
«t.. cor. Rivoli.
FIP.ST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion, .best city references, city or country;
first-class laundress wants a position.' city or
country; 2 competent French girls want posi-
tions to do second work; young colored girl
wants to assist in housework; neat young girl
wants a place to assist and sleep home. At
MISS H. CULLINAN'S Employment Bureau,
323 Sutter St.; phone Main 651.
WE always advise to buy a Decker or Packard
when you want the best. MAUVAIS. 76»
Market st.
POSITION as stenographer and typewriter:
legal work preferred; experienced; reference.
Address box 3973. Call office.
HOUSES and rooms wanted.....*.
CITY RENTING CO.. 632 Market st
GERMAN housekeeper wishes position; city or
country- -Call or address 428 Broadway.
SITUATION wanted by a competent, trust-
worthy woman to do any kind of light house-
work by the day, or would take care of chil-
dren; will work reasonable. Box 3974, Call.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 54$ Washington st.|
barber shop. . -
EASTERN lady wishes situation as house-
keeper. Apply 24 Turk St., room 1.
BOY to feed press. HYMAN BROS.. « Mont-
gomery st.
WOMAN wishes a position as housekeeper in
city or country; also a good seamstress.
140 Minna st. .'..,-
CHRISTIAN man around /place: light work,
small ' wanes, good home. 3900 Broadway,
Oakland.
LOST— A route book on Hayes st. Return 713
Oak. Reward. .-.-,¦:.- .--;%¦
YOUNG girl wants a position to do general
housework; wages $15 to $18. Call at 743
Folsom st.
4 FIRST-CLAPS chambermaids for city and
country hotels, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Gear}' st.
WANTED— A man to carry out trade from 2to
6 In the morning; wages $12. Apply at Pio-
neer Bakery, corner of Clay and Mason sts.
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, In
the name of MARY C. WALWORTH, No.
94-318., The finder will please return to bank.
WANTED— Young men to go whaling: no ex-
perience required. L. LEVY, Battery and
Jackson. ' . •- - ¦ ." ¦ •
LOST— Heavy gold .pencil; "L. A. K." on
slide. Reward 615 Eddy st.
YOUNG German wanted; state references. Box
8986. Call office. . •
VEGETABLE . man wanted. 631 Clay st.
WANTED— Steady man, \ satisfied with $15 to
$18 per 'week, to assist In light work: small
capital required.' -. 1016 Market St., room, 10.
BOT wanted to'ledrn trade. Hayes Valley
Printing and Stationery Co.. 310 Hayes st.
WAITER for restaurant;" $6 a week. 233 Sixth
street, v - .- ". -;--.¦ •::*¦: • - .:¦
"WANTED young lady bookkeeper and type-
writer; must be quick and accurate at figures;
references and state wages. Apply box 3991,
Call office.
"WANTED— GirI to assist in . general house-
work. Call. at 1231 Jackson st.. 1
OFFICES AND STORKS — TO LET.
EMMA SPRKCKELS buildln*. »S7 Market *t.j
sunny offices. $15 per month.
$20— STORE; 2 show windows and 5 lar«»
rooms; adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Prea. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 8. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
PARTNERS WASTED.
A PARTNER wanted: established' business;
$400 required. Box 3990. Call office.
MEDICATED BATHS.
INVALIDS who find no relief from drugging
the stomach to investigate Dr. Conant's
method of absorption, which never falls Call
-or address ' for booklet. Anldrosis. 47 Post,
office No. S: gents' baths. 6: ladles parlora St!
HELP
steady.
AD.
10' OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. E520.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
•end 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies,"' in letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phtladel., Pa.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been .established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9p. m. - ~ •-.-.-
DIED.
Anthony. Edward T. Leahy, Elizabeth M.
Blaes. Elizabeth Lee Yuen
Clancy. Maria- .McCauley, Jame«
Davis John Menton, Mamie .
I>Arcy, Harriet C Mlllett. Delia
Dliumore, William H. Murphy. John - A..,..y
Downle, Marearet O'Brien. Ellen
Field, William J. Ring. Edward
Fremy. Ann Sheridan. Lila
Hasselbush, John E. Spoeito, Peter
Hapcood. Charlei Stack, Kat» .¦'-*¦
Hesielcren, Maria Tennent, Maria U
Kelly. Tbomaa • . : Whyte. WUtt B. .. .
, Wyant, Clark A. . .
ANTHONY— In this olty, March 8, X9OO, Ed-
ward T. Anthony, beloved father of Carrto A.
Arnold of Lo« An«el«i and Edward A.. Mark
and Herbert M. Anthony, and brother of Wil-
liam T. Anthony, a native of New York, aged
16 year*. " ¦
icr Friend* and • acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at J o'clock, from Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery street*,
under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge No. 1««,
F. and" A. -M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S ASSCH
ClATlON— Officer* and members ar« reaueet-
ed to assemble at headquarter*. Pioneer build-
ing:, to-morrow (Wednesday,) at 1 o clock, to
attend the funeral of <our late brother, Ed-
ward T. Anthony. By order of ¦; ,¦ - •
STEPHEN BUNNER, President.
. J. J. McMAHON, Recording Secretary.
VOLUNTEER FIRB DEPARTMENT — The
members of Knickerbocker Engine Company
No. 6, Volunteer Fire Department,- are re-
quested to meet .at the rooms -of the Veteran
Firemen to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock,
to attend the funeral of Edward T. Anthony,
late member of the association. By order of
B. B. VRBELAND, President.
THOS. McCAULET. Secretary.
BLAES— In this city, March 6. 1900, Elizabeth,
dearly beloved wife of the late Frank A. Bla»a
and beloved mother of Joseph Blaes and Mrs.
Edward WeitUunat. a native of Relnharts-
munster. Alsace, aged 72 years 1 month and 14
days. A member of the Third Order of St.
Francis.' . ¦
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 7:45 o'clock, from- the
parlors of the Gantner • A Guntz Un-
dertaking Company, 8 and 10 City Hall square,
thence to St. Anthony's Church. Army street,
near Folsom. where a solemn requiem : high
mass will be celebrated for the repoa* of her
soul, commencing at 8:30 o'clock. .Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. • . . p
CLANCT— In this city. March 5, 1900, Marts-
beloved wife of Martin Clancy and mother of
Martin, Michael. John, Eugen*, William and
Thomas Clancy and Mrs. P, Foley and Mrs.
R, Groswlrd. a native of County Galway. Ire-
' land, aged 62 years. . . ; ¦
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th* funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clook, from her late
residence. 221 Twelfth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, wher* a solemn requiem
high mass will b* celebrated for the repose of
her boul. commencing- at 10 o'clock. 1 Inter-
ment Calvary Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this "city, .March S, 1900,' John, be-
loved husband of Catherine Davis and cousin
of John Mason, a native of County Sllgo, Ire-
land, aged 70 years. ¦ • - .
D'ARCY— In this city, March 6. 1900, Harriet
C beloved wife of Charles d'Arcy and
mother of Albert d'Arcy, daughter of Mary
and the late Thomas Bertram and sister of
Joseph : D. and John TV Bertram and Mrs,
Maurice J. Ross, a native of San Francisco,
aged 82 years 10 months and ( days.
. (CTFTlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday.) at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, -2 Columbia square, thence •to St.
John's Episcopal Church, Fifteenth street, be-
tween Mission and Valenoia, where services
will be held af 11:30 o'clock. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery-
DINSMORE— In this city, March 8, .1900, Wil-
liam H. Dlnsmore, a native of New Hamp-.
shire, aged, 86 years. . . .
DOWNIE— In this city. March S, 1900, Margaret,
wife of the late Henry Downle and beloved
mother of Henry J, and Katie Downle and
sister of Owen Egan. a native of Ireland, aged
49 years.' • " -' - - !
(CTNotlee of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor A Co.. 767
Mission street. ,
FIELD— In Oakland. March 6, 1900, William J..
beloved husband of Mary Field and father, of
William J., John W,. R* E», SL J. and J. F.
Field and Mrs. Lizzie Doullng and Mrs! Mol-
11 c Hughs, a native of Ireland, aged 83 years
and < days. - • ;.-.,. .
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday.) at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1126 East Fourteenth street, thence to
St. Anthony's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for. the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 :SO ¦ o'clock. : Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. . -
FRHMT— In this city. March 5. 1900, Ann, be-
loved wife of the late Michael Fremy and
mother 'of " Frank Fremy ' and Mrs. . J. L.
Hanna, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years. ;
HAPGOOD— In • Marysville, March 6, 1900,
Charles, beloved husband of Emma W. Hap-
good, a native of Ohio, aged 69 years 9 month*
and 11 days. •
CTThe funeral car will leave depot. Third
and. Townsend streets, at 11:30 o'clock Thurs-
day, March S, • and proceed to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, where . the . remains will- be ore-
mated./, .' ' . .
HABSELBUSH— In this city, March 8, 1900,
John E. Hasselbush, beloved husband of A l-
wlner Hasselbush, a native of Germany, aged
Ct years 6 months and 14 days. .--¦ :
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to -attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday)/ at 1• o* dock, " from the parlors of
Charles J: B. Metzler, <36 Washington street,
thence to Verein Elntracht Hall, 137 Twelfth
street, where services will* be held under the
auspices of the Verein Elntracht. . commenc-
ing at 2. o'clock. v Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery. -'- ' . " v "¦';.- *. ' ;,--..
HESSELGREN— In Alameda, March 8. ' 190o!
Maria, wife of Charles Hesselgren, a native
of Ireland; . aged". 28 years 5 months and 23 ,
days.*-a»B»^»T*>^Wwfl»*^SawS<Sßa<Bw9jegtfi
ZT Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1-.JO o'clock, from- her late
N residence. 306 Railroad avenue,'- Alameda. In-
' terment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland, i
KELLT— In this ; city. Maroh ' 4, / 1900, Thomas
Kelly, a' native of Ireland, . aged - M years. -
LEAHT— In this City. March 6,' 1909, ': Elisabeth
M.. beloved wife of th* late David J. Leahy
mother *of ? MadeUne. ; William and - Francis
Leahy and -sister of Charle* W.-Hayden,' a na-
tive of Rochester,. N. V., aged 44 years. \ .
: - ETThe • funeral will take, 'place to- rrioft-Ow
* (Wednesday), af 8:80 o'clock, from her late
residence.- 2914 v Laguna street,' thence to St •
TAYLOR, US, cor. Eddy— Sunny furnished front
rooms, suitable for offices;- also other ones,
from S2 50 up.
MABBIED.
DAVID— MAMLOCK— In . this city. . March S.
1900, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Morris David
and Bertha Mam lock, both of this city. .-';-..
WITT— MOHR— In thls'clty. March I, 1909, by
the Rev. Dr. B.' Nelander. Otto W. C. Witt
and Lena H. Mohr. both of this city.
.HOTEL.
iMrs-H B Wood; S.Jose
C B Kaufman. Menlo
iP J Northam. L Ang
Excursion. -• ""
H T Randolph. Tucson
H H Wood fall, Japan
J Junger, Japan - '
H-McHal. Cal. - - <
Miss Poehhuts, Arlson
J MUlay, Arlsona _
R A Pogson, Cal * -
A J. Smith, Reno .
Mrs A J Smith. Reno
Dr E E Po*k, CaJ x"
Mrs E E Port. Cal
B-A Kline- NT
Mrs X A'KllU, N«T .¦
D N Crouse. Cal ' ¦-
Mrs D N Crouse, Cal
D Blspham. London
E Garrett. Seattle
R A'Smttn; Phlla '
H H Smith. Phlla .
J Leslnsky. NT
G W Jones, N T ¦¦: ¦ -
H H Westlnghous*. Pa
RSkeer Jrr ntn t
Mrs R Bkeel Jr. N T" „
W X Prlckett. Illmola
Mrs W X Prlckett, 111
D F Sellers, V S k "~
M B Crockew. Boston
Mrs M E Crockew. Boa
G Thomas. Pa . 1 '
W Shenk. Pa «" *•
J.H B"ertl«..Va t: > '
Mrs Fertlg. Va
Miss Patterson. Va.
J C Cooper, I Boston
Mrs J C Cooper, Boston
E A Foster, . Boston
Miss F Foster. Boston
Miss A L Foster. Bost
H J Small, Sacto • ', ,
J O 'McKenney, L Ang
i C Alvarado, London
T M Weckllng. : Pa •
Mrs T M Weckllng. Pa
Mrs J.A R**d, NT *
W H Brevoort. NT'"
W F Beebe, Boston. -
J H DOckw*lUer. L An
J Sparks, Reno
J H Rays. -U 8 N . ¦'
Mr* yon der Rapp. Cal
M 8 Batson, USA
S A Fatman, NT ¦
B 'Kaufman. NT
C R Hleronymus. N T
R-B Voight. Cal •
W J Hoose. N T
D Melone, Oak Knoll '
A L Eliot. Los Ang S
W T Bishop Jr. L Ang
A. O 'Anderson, L Ang
w N Benedict. N T
E Rothschild, NT..
F L Smith. Denver j -
R E Taylor, Chgo
D R Campbell. Chgo
O W- Grayson, Seattle
Mrs G Buckman. NT.'
W A HaU, N T •
Mrs W A Hall. N T
8, Kelly. Healdsburg
JE Dougherty,. Cal fcJ
E C McCullough. Manll
Mrs: B C 'McCullough.
Manila -:..... ¦•: ¦¦ ,
Mrs Buford. N T ' .
J.H Jackson, Los Ang.
J H Culver, USA
W C Comfort. USA '
L L Nunn. Coto
W L Blersaeh. Col«
MB Buford. USA
W Flnnell. Napa ¦'¦
Mrs Flnnell. Napa - -
T X Wells. Chgo •
Miss C C Chapman.: NT
M D Chapman. N.T-
W B Baer. NT
Mrs L Kann. Md
GRAND HOTEL.
J A Black. City .
LA Talek. Redlands
L Hayfeed. Ventura
R B Gregory, wf. Chgo
Mrs I B Trafton.'Ohlo
T W Helntzelman. Cal
A B - Long, Fresno
Wm Kraft, N T •
L -Webb, City
L S Pratt;: Tucson
D Binkhalter, Cal -
3* J Kuqua. Cal . •
E Hall, Sta Clara
E J Isham, City • .
C B Fogg, wf, N T
F L Clark, d. Pa'
I Greenbur*. N T '
R Contudc. - Phila : .
C L White. Sacto S»i
T Longmore, Hopland
J A Miller Stanford
B M Malone. wf. Colo
C 5 M Pack,- Stockton .
W- Gates,' Oakland
F Shaw, Murphy. •
A- Meyer, '- Modesto ¦ •
E D Shattuck. Chgo
A J Larson.' Lodl
H II Hunter, 8 Josa
M Michel. -woodland ¦'
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
JOES Hall. Minneapolis
Dr C H Ball. Fresno
G Rivers. . S Antonio
R J.Elliott, Minn
J Beraulst, St Paul
M C Hansen, St Paul
J- Klngsberry, lowa
C • Holcomb; Mich
L R Stevens. Mich
S B Stevens. Ohio
G Sharp. Ohio -
A E Taylor. NT- -
W McGllilouddy, Can
P deCoster. Manila ,
F B Wilson. N T
E Campbell. Chicago
J A SltreU Peon. : -
P Polio, Arizona :
tC -McCartney,- Seattle-
' - HOTEL AABIVALB. - v
PALACE
C DGodfrey, N T <
H T 1 Godfrey. NT.
H B Wood, San Josa I
¦ ' . ' Raymond ;
E A Hunt - .
Mrs E A Hunf" ' " :"
J R Gale
Mrs J R Gal*
W W Hill
Mrs W W Hill -,-
Miss H Johnson
H X Jones . .
Mrs H E Jones
C L Rawson
Mrs-J S Dresser
R W Herbert
Miss Herbert <
C H Brown ..... .
H Stelnbach
G W Corwin
Mrs G W Corwin
E N Beardsley
Mrs E N Beardsley
W H Ciadwlck
Mrs W H Chad wick
Miss L v Chad wick - I
Mlsr M E Evans
Mrs T Irwln
Miss E M Irwln
Miss M Gllmore
Mrs L E May
3 E May.-/.
Mis* E W Reeves
Miss M E Reeves '
Mrs W Jenkinson ' .' |
Miss W B Jenkinson -
R Jenkinson
R McCormack
H W McCoy -
D P Black
Mrs D P Black-
Miss H J Black
G Wlllett
Mrs • G • WlHstt • '
WR" Rowers ¦" • • •
Mrs .W R Rowers
Mrs E 8 Remington ;
G A Simmons
Mrs G A Simmons
Mrs A L Mase
Dr J C Burgher
Miss J Bdrgher ,- " '
Miss M Moesman
Mrs 8 E Smith
R W Hawk*s •;'¦-»;
Earl Smith -
C Dietrick
Miss A B Dietrtck
Miss MA Mussltr
Mrs J X Lanahan
Miss S X Lanahan
Mrs R A K*rr
L Smith
Miss C H Brback
TM -Arnold • •" .
A B Arnold - ' '
A G Cobb ¦
B-H Nichols
C W Smith
H B Fairbanks '
W L Beebe ' ¦.
PC Rand
Mrs iP C- Rand .. >
L B Butler
Mrs L B ButUr
Mrs B T, Underbill
Mrs H P Smith
A X Klaus. Chgo ..
J A Mulr, Chgo
H W Keller, Los Ang
E B Terrlngton, Nev
Mrs E B Terrington,' I
Carson
J Diesel; Nevada .
E Randolph. • Tucson
Mrs E Randolph, Arta
Mrs W-R Baer. N T ¦
Miss HE Baer. N T
O W Baer. N T
R G Baer. N T - ..
Miss M F Scott. Treka
A A Brager, .Maryland
Mrs A A Brager, Md
L Xann, Maryland
C P Whlpple. Cal
G Mlgliavaoca, Napa
G GianelU, Stockton
J W Jesse. Sta Rosa
M L Elliott. Sta Rosa
W H.'Lumsden. Cal
T Cunningham. Cal '.
V L Phillips. Cal
G C Parkins. Cal
W H Murphy. Cal
H MoMulchy. N T I
P BMcLeod, Seattle'
F B TUlotson, Cal
Mrs M Lartigue. d. Mt
J A Barr. Rochester
J D Barry, City
J Berry, Fresno
H F.Dougberg, Nev
E L Swaine, Los Ang
C Peyler, Los Ang . .
R E French, Cal
P Bheeny, Los Ang • |
E M-Luckett, Ogden
C E Denuatin, Cal ' ¦
T Fitzgerald. Ogden
C R Whitcher, Cal
J W" Sterling, Salinas
T L Reed, Reedly
J M Hale, Los Ang -
HP Mason, Fresno '
M Cohn, NT ...
A 8 Holmgren. Seattle
J t Collins, Fresno '7
'J Long, Marysvllle
F Cartensen. Crockett
V Vereiro, > Stockton
P L Drake. Uklah .;.-
J Rlngsley. Vallejo -; i
R Broe. Chlcaro ¦
F W. Hoffman. N T
W F BevierAw. Colo
W H Johnson* w.* Ind
AM Eckman. f.llnn
H M Helllson, 'Minn
J , W Whl te&w, . L Ang
L Bergeson, Mont
A J Anderson. 1 Benlda
J L&ngham&w,- Wash
Mrs- Marshall, Reno"
Mrs T Donald, Minn:- 'I
Mrs E • Bristol.' Minn '
(OAKLAND Branch Office of The '•¦ Call ' re-
moved 'to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
CORNER store; 4 living rooms and stable; lot
SJxIOO.. Inquire 191 Halght St.. 8. F. ,\ -. . .
HEN RYJ.: GALLAGHER: CO., :.£•
' (Successors to Flannagan * '¦ Gallagher), .'¦¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
M Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School
. Taleshon* South 10.
aDrJUibboiTs Dispensary,
625 KKAatHT »T. Estabilahed
, In 19*4 tor the treatment o* PrtvaU
Dteeaaes, Lost Manhix>d. . Debility or
I disease »T*arlng ou bodyand mindaiid
Skin WwafejjThe Oi octorcores wnerf
others falL Try hhn. Charge* low."
I t^ar*ujrmmrmmt++4. CaJlorwrite.
• »r. J. f. Utmß9M. Box IWT. Sao Fraaelaca
$60 CASH, ft monthly; chicken ran of ttttZA ft.;
unfinished* new cott age, 2. rooms; chicken
yard: all fenced: price all told 1375; more land
can be had cheap: soil, climate and water ex-
cellent, away from cold winds and fogs; grand
view; near a 90-foot-wlde boulevard and elec-
tric car line:, not far from a' fine 3-story
schoolhbuse; Is building up fast; 4 houses al-
ready gone up on the place; Westall Tract,
adjoining East Oakland; call or send for cir r
cufar. 455 Seventh et.; nr. Broadway, Oakland.
?-,- HENRT Z. JONES. . Owner. -
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
aniGAQQ,
- .-' . - . VIA" 7 ¦ " • • ;. ¦•
TH¥ RIO GRAN DE;
; irtSTEI^RAILWAY;
~^r. : AND CONNECTIONS. -
? LEA VINO*. SAN, FRANCISCO rDAILT. '
' •---cr|:3o"A.'-M. r and'««J P. M."
•„ .'. . Effeetlv*. February \2S. : 1900. • - ;
Get information ' of , Southern . Paclflo ' tick**
agents ot-'.- -'-¦ .' '¦•'•' ¦ ~
- ¦-. OENSRAL OFFICB, 14 Montgomery at
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IN the Hlllegass 'Tract — New- house of »
rooms, with all the latest Improvements; lot
£2x160; a bargain.
MASON- & McLENATHrcN,
. - . Adjoining P.. 0., Berkeley.
r" EAXLBO AD i TEAWL.
T2GMIGAGQ
This l» the qnicke.it running and most , .
luxurious train across -the. continent.
Coxxecti.voTrais Lraves Sax Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving: In Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited . .
trains for Mew York.
OVERLAND "I***™ ' San Francisco at 5:30
FXPDFS& "P- «•" with- Palace and Tourist
hiiiw * * ezn iot Kansas Citr, St. Louis
DAILY Chic**© and East. ... . . ,7
Local trains between Stockton,- VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tulare " r>rtAl>
and Bakersn.ld. . . KOAB.
SCC YOU IN ' ' San Francisco office. 623
•FBKf*O *>OAN ' Market Street. Phone Mai a
rkISCU MWJi -:15a;, Oakland. lllSßroad-
way; Sacramento. 2ol J Street; Saa Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara Street. ; - . ,-
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
DOUBLE parlors, dining room, ¦ bedroom, fine
basement, grounds and fruit tress; summer
house; croce to station; reasonable to right
party; references ¦ exchanged. 2101 Central
aye.. Alameda.'
ALAJMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
$1450— CORNER lot; Santa Clara ave.| 60x160;
near Morton-st. station.
$IBOO— Fine lot; 60x150; Paru st, near the
bay; bargain.. . . •>
tIOOO-Elegant lot. west side of Lafayette st.,
near San Antonio aye.; snap.
$3200— New modern -8- room house; Alameda
avenue, near Lafayette St.: large lot. • - -
$3500— New Colonial, "-room cottage: Grand
St., near Alameda aye.; easy. Installments;
large lot: snap.
Bargains In all parts- of Alameda; all the
above can be bought on eaay terms.
Office open Sundays and evenlnga.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,'
1500 Park St.. Alameda. .
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post et.7 cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly CaJl.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from , Page .- Eight.
ROOMS pspered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
TOUNG couple wish suite rooms for llaht
housekeeping, near Third and Harrison,' to-
day. Addreas box 88S0. Call office.
ROOMS WASTED.
VAN NESS, 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: reasonable: modern conveniences. . -
JONES. 130"-- A pleasant sunny suit*; best in
the city; also single rooms, with board; terms
very reasonable. ¦
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A fiRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia it. "¦-,
A BRANCH office for th* reception of .adver-
tisements -and subscriptions has b*ea opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A pood rooming ho
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
COAST It I VISION (Broad Uaage).
CrhihlnriJTbwnsen.l SU)
(FoototriirkctSfreet.)
PERSONALS.
ELECTRIC refcts In every room; Winchester
notel, 44 Third st. 1 , near Market: 100 rooms;
frL tO . Mw W night; $160 to $6 per week;
rree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
L^^ R ?« R ' 8 Q«latcnlca 's a harmless hair
rw? " c • bot.; Leo>rer«s Foamo Shampoo
- clf *"s the acalg, sc pkt . p. j> ogr er. 128 Stktn.
L !T^^ %O '""***rtosj and masquerade co*-
li^£7' E^.t'U" 1 ' " nd wl " : countn- orders so-
llcited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market it.
°^M? ld bou^ ht : money loanea on every de-
*erlpUon of collatefal. -Colemah's. 606 Kearny.
M «^ i ;AD 'McvM cvr *»' rh ' >uniaUBni . headaches, neu-
£*J*J* L. *•} P* ln leaver like magic from her
»onaerfuUy girted hands. 1343 Howard st. .
I^r,t OU '.7 :iBh fu!l va!ue fcr rour doth-
_lng call on B. Cohen. IS7 Third: tel. Black 4123.
I t D I ES o ajid t en ts' cast-off clothing bought and !
so.a. Sllverman. SS4 Foltom; tel. Folsom 1191.
¦^Jb*? l^, ' lur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEJNZMAN. 109 Sansame st. -
•WAN-TED— Old gold for mtniifr. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler, S4§ O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
e TAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. ISIS Linden, Oakland.
POVSICIAAS AXD SURGEONS.
£• O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
lOil^ Market «t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
. • I'LI'MBEHS.
W. E. LANE, phone Main 815. 603 California
et. : everybody's plumber. -• ¦
HEAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
FOR sale— At a sacrifice; $300 for 2 lots on the
north side of the park: worth $600.
11500— A corner suitable for grocery stor*;
in the Mission: worth S2&00
¦.J 44 * 10 — House, of 9. room* and bath: lot »x
U7:i f»et on Pine St.; worth $6000. Call be- '
tween » a, ra. and 12 m.
- ' J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery St.
A. M. SPECK & CO. ; ~V,
''. •' '¦ • Loan Money.
<67 Market et.. opposite Kearny.
JSC.OW- Grand corner. 75 ft. front; half block
from Market at., not far from 6th; renta J3OO.
$75.000— Grand corner. £0 ft., within block of
Baldwin; positively the cheapest property I
(dbwritown) In the city.
3JS.OOO— Rar* Investment; vicinity Powell and
<3eary; 4-story brick building; stores and lodg-
ing-house above; 86 feet front.
J4s.ooo— Comer; rents 3400; modern Improve-
ments; lot 10x125 feeu\_
826,600— Near EsSdy ana Jones; stor* and -26
rooms above; modern: pays 7 per oent net.
¦ $24.000— Sixth et.; 75 feet front; rent* 81400
yearly; good buildings; 4 store*.
122,600— Third St., about £25- feet from Market;
rtor» and lodging-house; terms, half cash.
JBoDO— Six elegant new fiats; lot 60x100 ft-;
all ranted for BS4 a month; grand bargain. -
$7650— 61 x good flats; rents $960 yearly; down-
town: lot 60 feet front.
86660— 1 cholc* fiaU; , Hayes st.; mortgage
. $4900t a snap.
ICX5— Pc«t St.: 8 good CaU; rests M 0; lot
. »7xllO. ¦ I
ISKo— Corner ator* and 6-room fiat: rants $37;
foreclosure.
85150— 4 SaU within few blocks of 9th and
Market sts.; rents 835.
f.'*S — Two nice fiats; rents $16 60.
.. 876G~-6ix rooms and lot 45x73 feet.
'¦ A. M. SPECK A CO.. «67 Market st.
DNLT 31590— Really a sacrlfic* to make an Im-
mediate sale; It has been assessed for more
than this by the Assessor; choice and desir-
able let on Chattanocga et.. near Twenty-
tfclrd. £2:6x117^ to street In rear; on the grad*;
all street work done: eleetrio cars pass in
JitJnt; In th* warm belt; opposite a beautiful
. resldenc*: eun all day: this Is a splendid bar-
gain; cost almost t300».
X csn arrange so that buyer caa make easy
payments. W. J. OUXN,
• ¦ ISO California st.
TEE . choicest lpts In Richmond; the cheapest
cS*red; ready for building; wall located;
street work done; only $700: 2SxUO; easy pay-
meats; close to electric and cable 'cars.
W. J. OUNN. 680 California st.
ir yon have lets In Richmond district, north of
the Park, that 70a wlah to sell quickly then
call en W. J. OCNTf. 130 California st.
MODERN fiat*— 43Soo; containing 6 and 8 rooms
each: highly decorated and finished with all
modem conveniences: (21 Waller «t.. on*
block from Halght and Pierce; easy terms.
T. NELSON. Bullcer. '
JTOn sal* cheap— Bush st.. eaat of Van Nees
aye.; nous* of IS rooms; conservatory, laun-
dry and bath; beautiful sunny lot 80x137:6.
Apply store. lU6 Larldn st. '_
rOR lale, cheap— New 2-story bouses, 7 rooms:
latest Improvements : Nee and Hill its.; near
Caetro-st. cars: patent sidewalk.
tZSnj—WORTH $4000: store, 3 rooms, bath: flat
abov*, I rooms, bath, rented, $30. 1417 Pacific
TKO flats, 4 and 6 rooms: bath: part cash, bal-'
asce can rerr.ajn. 173 Cook st.
'JtEAX. ESTATE COU.fTRr— For Smle
SSO ACRES for sale — Bolandld foothill farm.;
hTaee, barn, etc. alco 4 horses, farm ma-
chinery. 80 acres fruit trees, also vineyard;
plenty ol water, wood, etc.; also first-class
graval mine, paying, roe* with the place; a
Oaxraln: rood market for products. Bee J. F.
CROSETT A CO.", 4TB Sacramento st. '
t« ACRES cf land near BakersSeld; In the oil
be.lt. Apply 14A Geary et. ¦ - -
X MZGHTT nice and well-Improved, i fully
•etxlpoed 89-a«r« ranch near Nara for 812S0.
. N. D. BICKELS. the Land Agent.
je Q+t-rr »t., opr««lte Chronlcl* Mdg., S. F.
100 ACRES In Stanislaus County, near rall-
t«aot water: growing crops: under fenc* and
all ether unproveroents. For particulars ad-
ere— or call W. P. CROW. 1334 Polk, city.
SIARIpN GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
Land for sale In Sonoma, Contra Costa, Glenn,
Santa Crus, Ehasta and Tehama Cos., Cal.
J. W. HORN. 312 Main at.. Petaluma; real es-
tate- and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for fr— list cf Sonoma County bargains.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, Uti— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable:
r*ferenc*e exchanged.
fcLLIF. £63— Three rooms unfumlsJied In rear
hocse; rent 310. ' '
FIFTH SH8 — Furnished doubl* parlors, kitchen
and fc'ath. $10; also 2, 310; single, $4 up.
riLLMORE, CIS. near Hayes— 4 sunny fur-
cUtu'd housekeeping rooms; upper flat; pri-
vate family. '.•"¦-
FULTON, 11— Nice eunny room, with connect-
ing t>ath; use of kitchen; rant cheap. .
FX7LTON. 808 — Two or xhree sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; exclusive • kitchen: large yard;
.parf»? basement; two blocks from City Hall.
GOLDEN. GATE. 404 — Housekeeping suite;
ootsplete; t!I mo.; single rooms. 110 and 117 60.
¦ ' -• t
GOLDEN OATE aye., til— Larr* -famished
room and kitchen for light housekeeping; bath
apd gas; refereno**; 815 only. .;,• . s .
JESSIE 476— Two sunny front rooms, neatly
> furnished for housekeeping. .
LARKJN. 856. «or. Goldtn Gate aye.— Elegant
•unny housekeeping apartments. ¦
LJTWIB. 16, «2 Taylor, near Post— Three fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms. •
MARKET IE3B, near City Hall — 8 unfurnished
rooma; stove, water, sink, yard; rent 812-H5.
MARKET 16E8, opp. 10th— Comfortable bedroom
and kitchen furnlnbed or unfurnished ; $5 & $7.
MCALLISTER. So7— German family; lovely sun-
ny room; rtgve; bath; $7.
iIIPSION 1241—8 completely famished connect-
¦'• lnjr ¦hmjßTk**plng rooms: running water; tip
' 1 flight.
¦ jcaTOMA. 254, near Fourtli — 2 front furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink and closet.
- jTaTOMA. 701 — 2 housekeeping rooms; for man ,
¦apd wife. ' ¦ _j_
. poLK, C2<— Two unfurnished rooms; suitable
• ¦ for housekeeping. ¦.
' poLK, 1217— Sunny parlor suite* and kitchens;
.» rooms for gentlemen, ' $6 up; bath.
POST, 602— 3 larpe «unny front room for hou;*-
. ' Jcet-plng ; rent $20. • " : ?
FEVEN'TH, 242— Nicely furnished room with
' prtvllege of. housekeeping; rent reasonable.
TCTiK, 543— Large front room, with coal stove;
complete for housekeepisg; - $10; also back ;
• parior. j
VAN- NESS. 4M-4 sunny connecting rooms,
complete for housekeeping: stationary tubs;
y*^- ''.--'•¦ - - • '* ; '¦
8 CLEAN, nunny. convenient rooms; separate
. entrance; $13.'47 Erie st.. bet. Uth and 14th.
CLASSIFIED Advertisements and subscriptions
xwedrod at. Cal I branch office. 2200 Flllmore st..
¦A BRANCII office for Call advertisements and
BuW-riptlons has been establlsbed at VM \ a-
len<;ia ex. ¦. •¦ •
A BRANCH office for the reception or adver-
U»«rit-QtB and . subscrirtions has been opened
at IX2 Polk «t.: open until Ip. m. .. i .-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
i-übErrlpticns has bee-n established "¦. at • the
rortbwfst corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ft%. : orvn until 9 p. m.
ROOMS TO LET— Parn. and Unfarn.
AT a Second, opp. W. F. & Co.— Large bay-
' window room: nicely furn.; alao others.
POHEMIA. 229 Post st., cor. Stockton— feinnr
• corner- euite and single rooms; hot and: cold
water; elevator and all conveniences. - - .-;.--
J3L'IINETT. 142« Market St. (old No. 13S4)— Fur-
clehed rms., suites, elng.le; also unfurnished.
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. February 7, ' 1800.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 13 o'clock m.. March *, 1900,
and then opened, for furnishing oats, barley
and bran, for Presidio of Ban Francisco. Cal.,
during remainder of fiscal year ending June
80. 1900. Government reserves right to reject
or accept any and all bids, or any part there-
of. Preference given . to articles of domestio
production, conditions of quality and price
(Including in the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal, and such, pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion produced on the PaclHo Coast to extent
of consumption required by the public service
there. Information furnished on application to.
J. M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster
General.. U.S. A., Chief Quartermaster, .j ¦ -•
LAKKIN. C3l— Front room for gentleman, $6;
gas and bath; also 'housekeeping. ¦ . .-
PROPOSALS.
HOWARD. 829— Room* »c to $1 a night; $1 to t
a week; alco housekeeping.
GEART. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HTER.
GEART. 14 A— Sunny furnished rooms; reason-
able 'rent.
FOLSOM. 565. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furn'shed rooms; suites or single; new mgmt.
FOLSOM, 830— Nice furnished sunny single
rooms; $4 and $5 per'month. .. • « \^
FIFTH, 820— »5; single front room; private
family; furnished.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
liati — Troh FiaacAJir X, 13M. — absttb
ELLIS. 618— Elegantly furnished -front and back
parlor; also single room.
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.—- Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. A offices.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
BUNNT rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
. Ing; $4 up. Hotel Shasta, .1226 Broadway.
BAZLBOAD j TXAVE3I
Bridget's \ Church, > Van Ness avenu* and
' Broadway, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of ¦ her soul,
. commencing . at " 9 ' o'clock. , Interment , Holy (
¦ Cross Cemetery. .. '.-.-.-.: "¦-¦ .' ¦• • ¦ ':"V ¦
LEE TUEN— In the City. and County Hospital,
March 6, 1900, Lee Tuen, a native of China.
McCAULBT— In this city, March 5. 1900. r James
: McCauley, a native of ,<>hio, aged 69 yearss-V?
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- , (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy ft Co.; : 1235 " Markpt . stj'ee't,- ' between
Eighth- and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
. Cemetery. .-.', .. ' " "' : ' "•" ' - '¦:"-¦
MENTON— In this, city," March 4. 1900," Mamie
Menton, beloved . daughter of the late ¦ Mar-
faret Menton, and sister of the late Catherine
lenton. a native of Boston, Mass., aged 26
years. ¦ •••••• -• :» >>¦--;.:.,:^.^ a- ¦.--%*s.r..v .
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited" to attend ¦ the . funeral .this day
(Tuesday), at 8:80 o'clook, from- the parlors- of-
¦- A. W. Martin & C 0.. -118 Geary st. .- interment.
Laurel Hill Cemetery. . - •• • , .; ?
MILLETT— In this citr. March . 4, ; 1900, Delia,
beloved wife' of John B. Mlllett, : mother of
Elaine Mlllett, daughter of Mary and th* late
John Kenny, and dearly loved sister of Mamie
Kenny Mrs. Carl Sommpr and the late James
E.. John F. and Thomas Kenny," a native of
San Francisco. '.; • .:., : . . /¦¦-_. .. . „
CTFrlends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th* funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday,) at 8:45 o'clock,' from her-. late
residence, '921 Capp street; thence to St. li-
ter's Church, where a- solemn - high requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at-9-o'elook..- Interment
. Holy Cross pemetery.; 1 -'" '"•;¦'- "-¦ •.
MURFHT-Jn this city, March 4; John, beloved
son of Catherine Murphy and brother of Hugh
and Arthur Murphy,: a native of Lowell,
Mass.. aged 28 years.;;. .^•-^;..; J -:.'.. J-^J -^
O'BRIEN— In ! this' city,- March 4,' •1900,', Ellen,,
beloved wife of Jeremiah O'Brien, .mother of)
Ednor and Mary O'Brien, and sister of Mrs.
J P Fitzgerald, Mrs. J.D. Reid, Mrs.:. J..\V.
• Kelly and James J. ' and :- Lizzie • ¦ Cantlen,
a native of Ban Francisco, aged 33 years and
8 months. ' ~. •.¦'-- ;
rTThe funeral will take place this' day
(Tuesday) at 18:30 o'clock, from the residence
of .her sister. Mrs. J, P. ¦ Fitzgerald.. 324H
Tenth street, thenoe , to St.- Joseph's' Church
for sen-Ices at 1 o'clock. . Interment ... Holy
Cross Cemetery. . -- :- ¦» - > ¦ '¦¦¦
RING— In this city. March 6, 1900. Bdward. be-
loved husband of Mary Ring and father of
John, David. William; Edward, Thomas and
Margaret Ring and Mrs, P. Foley and Mrs. A.
Rhead, a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
74 years. (Massachusetts papers please copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Wednesday), at 8:80, o'clock, from; his late
residence, 549 Castro street,' corner of 'Nine-
teenth, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul; commencing at »
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHERIDAN— In this city, March 6, 1900, LUa.
dearly beloved wife of Philip P.- Sheridan,
mother of Irene Sheridan, beloved daughter of
Henry and the late Christine Hadler and sis-
ter of Mrs. F. Hewitt, Mrs. W. Curran and
S Henry and- William T.. Hadler. a native of
San Francisco, aged U years 8 months and 6
days.- -•--¦- ¦¦;¦;¦ ¦' ¦¦ -.' . .¦¦¦"* - 1 i,"
CTFrlends and acquaintances ar*. respect-
fully invited to attend .the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock,- from her late resi-
dence ¦23 Kissllng ¦ street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Where a • requiem - high
mass will be celebrated for th* repose of her
soul. Interment Holy Cross . Cemetery by
.carriage. ¦ ¦• • ¦ ' ' ¦*• : '•"¦'
BPOSITO— In this city.; March 6, 1900, Peter,
beloved husband of Rose Sposlto (ne« Bohan),
father of Mrs. Morris • Enos and brother-in-
law of John McLaughlln and Miles Bohan of
Sonoma County, Cal., a native of Italy, aged
.67 years. \ ¦' . ' ¦ ¦¦"' /¦ -.'>':--lS
C7Notlce of funeral' hereafter.
STACK— In this city. March 2. 1900, K*te
. Stack, a native of • Ballybunnion. v County
Kerry, Ireland. \ - ¦ ' •• '
|[7 Remains at the parlor, of J. C. O'Connor
&.¦ Co.; 767 Mission street.
TENNBNT— Entered into rest, in this city,
March 4. 1900. Maria L. Tennent. widow Of
the late John H. Tennent, and beloved mother
of Mrs. W. P. Harrington and Mrs... Horace
Beach, a native of Ohio.' •¦• - : • .
1 C7"Th» funeral senices :wlll . be held this
day (Tuesday), ' at 2 o'clock, at the residence
of W. P. Harrington, ,1920 Franklin , street.
Interment private. ** ¦'
WHITE- In Golden Gate, March 8. 1900, UlH*
Elisabeth, beloved wife, of Nell Whyto, mather
of Malcolm C. Whyte, daughter of F. A. and
Jane Koegel, and sister of Edward, David,
William J. and Frank A.. Koegel,. a native of
San Francisco, aged 41 years 6 months and 4
days. . ' . •
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend 'th* funeral services
this day (Tuesday,) at -8:30 o'clock, at her
late residence, 1074 Fifty-ninth street. Golden
Gate. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WTANT— In this city, March 3. 1900. Clark A.,
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Wyant, and
father of Ida Wyant and Mrs.' H. OUphant./a
native of Indiana, aged 60 years 6 months, and
17 days. A member of Live Oak Camp No. 11,'
Woodmen of the World. (Dennlson, .Tex., and
Fort Smith Ark., papers please copy.) •
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully . Invited ' to attend the funeral: services
this day (Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, at th* par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., I}S7 Mission street,
under the auspices of the. Relief Bureau of the
Woodmen of the World. ' Interment at' Fort
Smith. Ark. ¦ ¦. ¦¦ ¦"''•'••; ¦¦' •¦— » -.-« '.^
REAL ESTATE. TRANSACTIONS;
Veronica O, Balrd to Daniel Einstein, lot on
SW corner* of Page and Ashbury streets, S
187:6 by W 187:6; $10." ' •
Estate Joseph L. Walling (minor, by. Oscar
T. Walling, guardian) to Marie ' Hlron, undi-
vided one-quarter Interest In lot on NW line
of Silver street, SSO SW of Third, SW 25 by NW
75; $500. " . . •*....
Victor L. Hlron and Henrietta- Lacey to same,
all same; $10. . -. . • - 1
' Scott 8. Simon to Fannie Simon. lot on ' E
line Of Morris avenue. 150 S of Harrison street.
S 25 by E 85; gift.
Charles A. Bantel to George and. Annie Men-
del, lot on SE line of Minna street, 150 . SW
of Eighth, SW 26 -by SE 80; $10. -, -
James Rolph Jr. to C. F. Krauss, lot on B
line of Seventeenth avenue, 211:6 S of J- street,
S 12:6 by E 120; $5. - . -
Virginia de Nyse. to Carl O.- Larsen, lot on
E line of Nineteenth, avenue, 30 8 of Q street,
S6oby E 100: $10 ~'¦ • , •..• ¦ f
Meir or Meyer Buchman to same,; same, quit*
claim deed; $5/- , •'" ' '
Ardean B. Bullard ' to Pierre Maysonnave. lot
on W line of Thirty-eighth' avenue. 100 N of N
street N 141:3, NW 120:3, S 149:8. E 120; 1220.
Same to same, lot on B line of Thlrty-flfth
•avenue, 100 S of, U • street,' B 25 by E 120; $50. .
Alesso and Maria A. Colombo to Marie Gala-
tolre (Sacaze) 'wife -of 3.* P., lots 30 ' and 82,
•block B, Silver Terrace; $1600. '
John and Annie M. Peters to Otto C; and
Paula Berger, lot on.E line of Second avenue,
275 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Charles J. Nlckerson to Burton J. Nelll, lot
on N line of B street. 88:« E;of Seventh avenue,
N 10 by E 25; $420. ,-
Adolf and Anna Moeller to Harry W^ Glover,
lot on SW line of Sickles street, 81 SE of Wy-
oming SE 66, SW 160, NW SO, NE 55.NW36,
NE I 106 block B,,, West End Map 2; $10. : -'.
Henry F. Blanchet Jr. to Harry and Elizabeth
OlVen lot on E line of Wheat street, 60 8 Of
Paul S 25 by B 100. lot 27, block 6. .Garden
Tract Homestead Addition; 'Bl2s. •' _ . _ . -
PeVr and Mafy Tiffany to William Z» Tiffany,
lot on NW lln* of Tiffany avenue. IPS NB of
Twenty-ninth street, NE 107 by NW SO. lots
35 to " 87. ©arden Land Homestead AssociaUon;
$IDella1 Della Harrington "to ElienCLeary. lot on N
line of Wai tharn- (Mary) street, 80:1 W of Col-
umbia W 60 b, N 150. lots 6 to 9, subdivision
Precitk Valley 'ots 183 and 193; gift. : -. ,
TMin H and Ellen O. Grady to Mission Home
snlLoan Association. 'lot on S line of PreclU
Ivenuf 25 E of York street, n 75 by S 100. lots
*Tj and ? 3,^subdl vision Preclta VaUey lots 2M
to ß»m'»'tQ FUrmount Loan Association, lotion
8 Ifne of Preblta avenue. 75 W of Tork street."
W M by S 100 lot 8, Ray and Plumb's subdivi-
sion lots 22S to 281. PreclU Valley lands: $10., ~i
Provident Mutual Loan Association .to James
bm« SmiH- A. Newsom. lot on S corner of
l,me\ alda "nd Cherubusco streets. SW 85 by.
S !acVlnrL?na^y P man $ fo William and
Farmv Sm?th lot on BE line of Majestic street.:
200 NE of Hea»t. NE 25 by SE 100. block H.
« and Mary New-
be J rr?! lof-orT I lln.^r^k : street. 65 W, of
P aab e rlelle 2 pf-Nlchtu'an to Johannah Winkle,
lot on 8 line of Waller street. 230 : B of . Ma-
lonlc avenue? E 50. S 149:10%.' W 60.;N 148:11%:
C B Polhemus to.Flrsman's Fund Insurance
r-nmnanv lot on W line of Pansome street. 80
! S?f California. , 8 7:6 by ; W. ; 87*. quitclaim
&e \nnn\2~T! and \Frederlek L..A'lderson'to"Fred-
erickC-Janssen. lotion NW Una of -Howard
street 176 NE of Second, NB 28 by NW 100; $10.
Ida W Walter to Alice H." Walter, lot on E
line of Twenty-sixth avenue.. 120 N of B street,
N 210 byE 120; alsolot.on E line of'Sanches.
streit 76-6 N of Valley ,. V N- 25 by B 100; also
lot on E line of Hoiyoke street."l7S N ofßur-
rows N- 60 • by - E . 120. > block J9". : Railroad - A Ve-
nue Homestead: also. undivided half ol lot on
me comer of Lewis and • Bemls streets; SW.
85 NW 79-8 B 125:4; also undivided half of lot
on SW line of Roanoke street.' 2s SB of Bemls.
SB 75 by SW 113; 1 water lot L block 8. bounded
Nby Jefferson street, B. by Jones, Sby Beach
and W by Leavenworth; $10. - , ¦ -...:.
Margaret Blnnotf to, Thomas Ryan. lot. on S
Una of I street, 107:6 B of Forty-eighth ave-
nue EB6by S 100:- $10.-- : * •¦..:. '
Tl'mothy J.- Harrington, to Winiam Taaff* it
Co •- (corporation). % lot ; on r SW.- lln* -of ; Fourth
avenw 1 850 NW. of N ,' street, NW- 60 by , 8W
200 block 83, Butchers'.. Reservation; $10.
Alameda County.
Bmlly K. Latham to E: A. Heron, lot '©h'jME
corner of Eleventh and Oak streets. B 105 b> N
7R betng lots 1. I and 8 and portion of lots ITaad
M", • block 166, subject to a mortgage for $10, 000.
?Henry ' N.^Beatty ' to • B. A; Waloott. lot ¦ 17.
block ¦ I, ' The Highlands.* being a" subdivision' of
blocks i: 2 and 8 of.Tuohy Addition to Berkeley,
Oakland .Township; $800.^ .--..«. • .- ' > .--«..-3«
»s Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Morris . Isaacs,
lots 3S and 39. block -E,, Elmhurst Tract. Brook-
! lyn Township: grant.'.r •.;..' ¦¦¦ .:;>.., =L
- C '-. F -¦¦ Marwedel 'toH.' -V. Wlllcutt. ; lot on ' E
' line of Frultvale avenue. 769.55 N:of Esst Four-
teenth street. N 100 byE 300 betYis portion of
lot 1L ; Bray Tract, Brooklyn Township;- $10.-
TM. James to E. Heuenriann.ilot on 8 Une
of Powers Tract arid being the BMine of lands of
; Edward <E.'! Powers,, by deed of November. Jl,
1859. ; distant » lso ¦ W from W. ., line <> of : Staaton
street. 8 82:6 by W, 106:6,; Alameda; $500,'
, Jkk>«al Saahim Eldar to EL JU. Whlaal^; Ua
''OOMS TO LET-Fnra. sod VntmtM
THE SAN J.;FB*AyCIs6,p2-OA^^
on SW corner of Banta Clara and V*rsaill**
avenues, ,W 141 by S »., being lot 14. block* I.
Map of portion of Hays and Carpenter yiupeity,
Alameda: 810. '. - ¦.'•-, v .'.» • ;> -¦ ;-~t :
Laura E. .Beck ¦to Frank "P." Beck, . .4* of . an
acre, beginning at a point on N line of county
road from- Alavarado to < Irvfngton, where * the
E line of lands of Sllvara intersects same,
thence Jit UO..E. 241,- 5.16«.J6.VW J».60, S Jl5, .W
(4 to . beginning, Washington Township; 15.
¦ i John Nolan to Mary Nolan, all Interest in SW
H of section 4, township 2 S. range SI B; also
personal property, consisting- of horses, eta*,
Murray Township: grant.- • - '- -
¦ Jose S..- and Rita F. • Sanchea ¦ to Joseph • and
Juana H.*- Nevis, beginning at ' NE corner of
lands of Da villa, thence N 70 at an acute angle,
SW 88, .thence -at an obtuse angle. S 70, to. a
stake ln-Davllla's ii line, thence" NE 88, to
beginning, - being • a portion of plat 41, Rancho
El Valle de San Jose, Murray Township: $10. . •'
•" Teresa' Filettl to Antenlo Turnagno,- lot on W
line of Vicente street.' 72.60 N^of Butter. N 72.W
by VT- 150. block C. * Vicente Peralta' Reserva-
tion .Tract at 'Temescal, Oakland;. $325. ' V
Commercial Bank of Berkeley to J. 1 W. Dun-
ning, lot on E line of Hamilton street, 70.75
S of Lincoln.' S 80 by B 100. being N 80 feet
of lot 13 and S 10 feet of lot 14, block C, Edith
Tract; Berkeley ; $900. : -.- . . -V. . . '
. Edward ' Sch mld t to .El Dorado Linseed Oil
Works, ¦ lot -on S line of University avenue. 60
W of Second . street, S 100 by;.W.. M, . being : lot
4.' block 91, Tract a. Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley; $800.'-: i
Frederio Jessup ? Stlmson t (as trustee estate
George M. Richardson) to 0.H. ! McLenathen.
lot pn W line of Prospect street, 400 S of Char-
ming: way, S 100 by W 200. being lot 6,. b10ck B.
Map' of ¦ Berkeley ; Property, -Berkeley; $10.
' Laura A. Plnney to Claud E. and Amelia B.
Lee, lot 14, ' block : A, Metros* Station Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $450: ' *¦ ':','.'¦¦-¦ '
Rosir. aellerbach (guardian ¦ estate Algeron 8.
and Aubrey M. Yates, • minors) and Jessel -B.
Tates (guardian estate Endymton S. Tates.
minor) : to E. A. '¦ C: and R. ' w. A: Postel. ail
interest in lot on W. line of Park avenue. 91:4
8 of San Jose avenue, S 41; W, 122.25, N to a
point E m.25," to beginning, being a portion
of 'lot B, block 18,. Alameda, Park Homestead,
Alameda; $2626. "¦'-.. ¦ '-' ' '
' Marx Carr to William H. Macklnmm, lot on
SW corner of Forty-second and Grove . streets.
W 100 by 8 60, Oakland; $10. "¦¦;
¦ Fannie -C. Curtis • to ; Georg* Sterllmr.' lot on
8 line of'BSvoy avenue (or Fortieth street), 100
E of West street. , B 60 by S 100, • being lot 8,
Quint Tract, Oakland; 1 $10. , . - '..
A ' H.~ Duncombe to same, lot on N lin* of
Forty- fourth street. 90 E of Linden; E 50 by N
100. being lot SO,- bloefc; 2lo4, Alden Tract at
Temescal, Oakland (subject 'to a ; mortgage for
$200); $10. ; • . ¦ •'• " ,' -.-' :': '
S. C. and Isabel O. Blsrelow to R. W. Tiitt.
lot on NW line of Howe street 642. J NB Of
Mosa- avenue. NE 40. NW M, 5W.40.5.; SB^M
to beglnninc. being the NB 40 feet of. lot 26.
block .C. Thermal Hill • (formerly, th* How*
Tract),. Oakland: $10. < ': . *
Alvln and Ell tabeth' Ford to Annie MoName*.
lot on W lln* of Park .avenue, 97.23 from Inter-
section of Ford street with W line of Park
avenue, W 125. S 28, E Its, N 25 to berinnlns:,
lot E, block. 8, on map entitled Plat ot A, Ford's
Addition to Oakland "East Oakland: $10. "V
Fred-G and Frieda Elben, Andrew J. and
Annie 'B. Nor to John Phillip, lot on W line of
Helen (or Horton) street, *» 9 of A (or Thirty-
second), 8 85 by W 100, betn* a portion of lot
10, block N, Peralta Homestead/ Oakland; $400.
James T. and 'Ellen Carey ¦ to JehnH».Van
Glahn, lot on SE lino of Thirteenth avenue. 145
NH-of East Seventeenth . street, NB 80 by SB
100. block n. Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Albert and Gertrude Stenbiht to H. B. Belden
and E. P. Cook, lot on NW corner of Prospect
avenue and Spruce street, W: 44 byj* 100, being
lot .9, block F, • Clinton Mound Tract, . East
Oakland; $10. - . . .
Elizabeth M. Kschlesohang to Frank M.Gil-
crest.' lot on NW corner of Cedar and Sprin«
streets. N 110.01, W. 60,. 8 114. H 60 to begin-
ning, being the EJ 60 feet of lots 1 and 8, block
2, map of property of Berkeley- View Homestead
Association, Berkeley; $10. ¦ ¦-> '*;- '¦-".
" D; H. and Mary Bruns to Welts* 2. Zylstra,
lot on W lin e of Ban Pablo ' avenue. 125 N• of
Oilman street. N 85 by W 129, being lot 19.
block- 20. Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement' Association, Berkeley; $150. t ¦>':'
Carolln* Alexander to .Wallace Alexander,
lot on. .W lln* .of Arch street; 180 N of Cedar,
N 60. by W 134:7, being lot 13, block B..Antlsell
Treat/. Brooklyn .Township;. 1 810.. • . •¦
Llilu - L.- Maddux., to' Joseph Buffa, lot 75.
Elmhurst Part Na- 1, Brooklyn Township; $225.
Ida and Charles F. Wtgner to Adeline A.
Taylor. allJnterest in certain easement exe-
cuted by Felix and Mllvla Chappellet to Ade-
line • A Taylor (wife of H." R.). and recorded
In 687 d 448, lot oh N line of Twenty-first street.
160 W of Telegraph avenue. W 10 by N 100.
being a portion ¦of lots 4 and •5, Jones Tract,
Oakland; $10. ¦¦ - '- " . .iv
James Malloch to Daniel. Bucknum, lot on
8 line of Twenty- first street. 12S:1H B of Lin-
den;: 8 87:6%. W 86, N 87:6 H. E 25 :1 H. to be-
ginning, being a. portion of lots- 15, 16 and 17,
Map . of Wensinger Tract. Oakland; $10. ¦ ' -. .
David Morrow to same, beginning at a point
220 from< E line of Adeline street and on 8
line of Spring, 8 98, E 75, N 08, W 75. to be-
ginning, belnf lots 79. 80 and 81. Klmball Tract,
Oakland: $10. • ,' ; l
Sadie Malloch (Morrow) (wife of J.) to same,
lot on E nn* of Linden street. 31 8 of Twenty-
first, 8 50:9%. E 100. N 56:64... W 100, •: to be-
ginning, being* portton '. of ; lots 16, 17 and 15,
Wensinger .Tract." Oakland; »10. - •
. Edgar A.: Cohen( trustee for May I. Gould,
wife of E. H.) to Emille G. Cohen, lot on E
line of Union atreet. 108:8 N of First. N 50. B
133:8 N-25,,E 133:8. S 75. W 266:6. to beginning.
being lots 11. U, 40. 41 and 42. block 446. Brlggs
Tract Mip 2;: also lofon E line of Union street.
156:6 .8 of Third. S- 60 by E 133:3, being lots
18 and 19. block 446. "same; also lot on'S'line
of Third street.- 83:8 E of Union. E 50 by S 106:6-. i
being lots 25 and 26, -block 446, a same; also lot
on E.llne of Magnolia. street. 122:2 N of First,
E 1288 by N '59:4; being' ibts'U, 13, and' N'9:4
of lot 11, block 445. same: also lot' on^NE cor-
ner of Union and Third ' streets. N ¦ 106:6 by E
108:3. being lots 7 to 10. block 476. same; also
lot on'W line of Poplar street, 101 N of. Fifth.
N 50 by W 115. being lots 31 and 32, block 491.
"w' E^BrowA tt a. attorney) . and Delia
F. N. Brown (byattorney) to George W. Scott,
lots 21 and 22. .b10ck 28, Oak Shade Tract, Ala-
m j da H. l T; and Henrietta Watklnson -to Ellsa-
betn F. Reynolds, lot -20, 'Buen* Vista- Home-
"^W^and M/ B. Dunning to Ely* M. Grigg
fwlfe of T M.) lot on SE- corner of Bancroft
way and Fulton street. E 100 by 8 44. being a
portion of lot 8, block 13, Map. of Property Col-
lege Homestead Association, Berkeley; $10.
Frank and Emily. Johnson to Emily A. -Wil-
liams (wife of T.), lot on S line of Tompkins
ISL.UO E of rrwlnelle. B 40 by S 185. being
th*W 40 feet of lot 4, block 8, State University
Homestead Association , No. 8, Berkeley; $10.
O L. and K. L. Fits to John B Burmann.
lo" on -E line of Eighth street. 134 S of.Chan-
nlng way E" 130 by 8-50. being a fractional
parfof lot 25 and S 16. feet of lot 26.- Corrected
Map Raymond Tract, and being a portion? of
lot 31 block 136. Corrected '.Map Avery . Tract.
B jennfe y: A! lO and'E. Minor Smith and Edward
k Tavlor to George and Fannie Dirks.- lot on
S 'line of Eagle avenue. 207:6 W- of Willow
rtrilt? S° 147:6 B byW 62, be!«g lot U. block 12.
lands adjacent to Encinal. Alameda; $10. . -
Mary A. and Isaac Surryhne to Joseph P.
Dieves undivided; half Interest in lotion -8W
corner of Tenth -and^West^ streets, ? W;. 80 by
a M F° C Newman a to a L.- Brlstow, subdivision C.
In lot ;18.; 18. Alameda Park: Homestead, less ; 10
feet- thereof, taken to widen Park street to
a width of 80 feet Alameda; $10^ .- ; . \ _
Helen M Mannlon to George •H. Derrick, lot
on N line of Thlrty-sfxth street. 188.63 i of
Grovei B 25. NB 144.98. W 85. 8 139:4 to begin-
ning, being a portion of lot 1. block H. Apgar
and Amida Pfanlroehen toJoseph For-"
tado. , lot on 1 8W- line of Ea*t Twenty-fourth
street, 202 :6 NW of : Twenty-first avenue, .NW
Mb,» 8W ; 140, benlg lots 18 and 19, block 76,
map of Northern Addition to • Brooklyn. East
°rr ll A. <1; ana ?r Mac O. Losh' to '''Ttmk- Rlckert,
lot on E line ot Bassett street. 136 8 from 8
line of county road, -Oakland -to San Leandro.
S I 50 by E 125. being lot 3, block 774. Levy Tract.
Bryan to BrMget
Scully 'lot on w line, of Seventh street (for-
merly IWttbster),: 125 N of Pacific avenue, N 25
by W 185 -being lot 5. block B. map of Shep-
hardson property. 'Alameda; $830. - --
King-Morse Canning Company (corporation)
to ¦William Haas, block 40. bounded on- the N
by Hepburn: street. B by-E*tudUlo 8 by Saun-
defTand W by Martinet, 'city ¦of San Leandro,
Eden Township; $V>- r: f W". I 'i**';'.,»,'
William Haaa to Isaac H. Morse, same ; 119. r
Thomas W and Annie M. Steel to James J.
Norton.. lot-9. block E. map of Broadway and
Telegraph avenue Park Tract, being a resub-
SvJstoSi of blocks A to E, Weston fract. Oak-
land ' (subject to morts»ge) : 110. \ ¦ '•.
James J. Norton to Equity Building and Loan
*J*°M#and "ary'b^tl.tt t'o Roy B. Lang-*
worthy lot on JS line of Franklin Btreet.' 100 S
of ' Wafniit^(or Twenty-second),' S 30 by E 100.
block 3.- map of- Paclflo_Homestead, Oakland;
Bertha Oshner to Fr«derlck,He«9. i ,lot'.l>n SW
corner of Geary (or Thirty-ninth) , street . and
Telegraph avenue W 100 by 8 B». being a por-
tion of block JOTi. -Bvoy.TrMt, Oakland; .also
lot On'BW comer of Shattuck road sand Forty-
fifth street W. 105 :6. ' S 50. E 106 :6. ' N . 44 :10 . N
M to bSnnlii. be'lng lot 23. block JIOV.Mc-
Courtney .Tract.. Oakland (subject to a mortgage
'jcJe'M/do^Santos toMartln.U: Cr«w.li.'Jot
8 • block 108,' tract B." Berkeley^Land and ,Tow«
Improvement Association, Berkeley ; . $100. r, *.--
Jacob F. Ambacher. Frances C. Oehricke and
Lrtilu O." Klllinger (by W. =8. ¦< Harlow. commis-
sioner) to Oakland Building and Loan Associa-
tion. . lot ' "n B,»ine of Prince, street . .200 W of
DeaWn7,W Mlby » 135. ;belr.g.lof,^block C.
Woolsey t Tract. -Berkeley ;. $1480. . . . >- - . . /
Carrie Bassett to Emma G. Llppert, all Inter-
est In lot on' N^ line of Lloyd avenue. . 60 .W of
Bassett i street. ! W 25 by » 100. being ' lot* 87.
block -"A.-- Frultvale ". Sratlon'* Tract,' Brooklyn
Township; $10.-'™ • ?*'-¦•¦¦--- "¦•" '¦'••-—'.•.-,•
f -: Lulu 8, and William L. Taylor to Charles. A.
Llvlnrstohe.'slot - on- SE | line of ; Moss avenue. ;
160 NE of Blanche street, NE 80, BE 164.96.-BW
SO N W ISX.7S to , beginning. '¦ being ¦ lots •23 -' ana
24 ,' Mock ;X^ amended map .of .' Moss .. Tract, <
Brooklyn Township: $10. ' ;..;'¦ '•-..-•--;-•¦¦-.¦¦,¦-:. i ';.-¦•
Frederick Hofleng to Kate Hofleng. lot on NW
corner of Lincoln and Peralta streets, W 105 by
N.«4,^Oakland;itlft.i -'i-.v •— i/^/;- \i , :. .- ,
-:* Eugenic L. and ( A." «B.«, Fately, James A. and
CeltaiM' Johnson to, Otto-. C.'Gerhardy. 4ot ,cm
N line- of ourth I (or Brown) • street. > 4£4
W of Telegraph avenue -W 35 by N t 115:10. por-
tion of lot 2(K m*j> B/pf estate of ArC.Brdwn,
William I. ,DIn«;e« and William O. Henshaw
to E> : R. ;.TUtt "- lot* ; 1 1 and. 1 7, ;. block , A, ; , Major
Oi venlSract^ Oakland; '|M. ,,-;',--' :- ¦-. :
; Louis and Emily Cayron to Patrick Faulkner.
tat v aVW oataar of Twenty-fourth and Adeiin*
streets, W 10J.-J by 8 "101, ' b»lng IoU If td H,
block 831. map of Adeline-street lots. Oakland:
$10. - - . ¦•- -,-¦ i .>.v <: ,,,.^ 145: --
John M. *nd Abbl* A. Wilson to Gustav C.
Landls. lot on S line of Knox avenue, 1M W
of Telegraph. jW 40 by 8 140 Oakland ; fco. .
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to^Frmnk lt^
Davis, lot on E line of Franklin street. 110 S
of Walnut (or. Twanty-aeco&d). S lO.by E 100.
block I, map of Pacific Homestead, Oakland:
HftLIFORNIA I IMITED
;^nto/Fec!Roi.ie:-
OAKLAND FURNITURE » FOR 9 ALB.
MVTHRRX rACIHC CMPAXT. '
? --¦••-,-, • (raoino KT3TIM.)* . •
Trmtmm leave) «¦•• **¦• ttmm »• arrive) at
• f -vNAM rUAHCIftt'O. < ', . .:. . .,
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
AN Introduction to you from H.- Bchellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
FELL, S2S. between Cough and Octavla— Large
and email front rooms: newly furnished; pri-
vate family; nloe neighborhood; gentlemen.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 1J (thirty
cent s per share) . of the Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company . will be payable at . the
office of the company, 227 Market St., on and
after Saturday, March 10, 1500. Transfer
books: will close on Saturday. March 3.
1900, at 12 o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Seo.
HANCOCK Houee, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; 11 60 to 16 par week. ¦ . .
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend, ¦ No. , IS,-, of • seventy-
flv* cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at th* office of th* company, 430 Cali-
fornia st., San- Francisco, on March 10, 1900.
Transfer books close March 3, 1900, at noon.
; A. A. SPARKS. Secretary..
L.EAVENWORTH, 225— Large, unfurnished
rooms fcr houEekpg; American family; adults.
MASON. 6158, near Sutter— Elegant, large
sunny room, suitable for gentleman.
MINNA. 657. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay window room.- fl per week; transient.
NINTH, 20. near Market— One single room; H.
©•FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator; electric lights; day, wk,, mo.
PIERCD. 8000, cor. Filbert— Elecant sunny
cor. suite; use of kitchen; 112.
POST, I3»— Elegant transient rooms for tourists;
all conveniences; traveling men; elevator.'
POST, 631 — Two small sunny rooms, furnished,
15 each per month; Protestant Christians;
neither drink nor smoke in the house.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or alnglo; running water; gas; reas.
POWELL. 612 A— Large sunny front rooms;
newly furnished; suitable for gentlemen. •
MAURI AGE LICENSES. .
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
George T. McFadden, - Los "Angeles," 27, and
Anna Sabatka, Tlcton, 87. ' ' - .
Neil Marshall, 1004 Pine street. 2J. and Gertie
M. Scaggs, 425 Natoma street, 16.
August W. Hoffman, Byron, 4S, and Mane
Franke. Byron, 81. i • - • - ' .
Frank Toussau. 441 Fourth street, 24, and
Madeleine Vergez. 441 Fourth street. 20. --¦••--.*
*7:OOa Benlda, Salsuu. Ehnlr*. Vaoavflle,
TtuDCsey nml Sacrmiento. ...... *7:H»
•7i»«a ShuU Etpre»»-DmTia, - WBlowa,
Rcl Bluff. Portland.. «7»»3»
•T»S*U HartiiMX, San It imt :i. Vullejo. Napa.
CalistcjaamlSint* l:<>aa.. 'lilttr
•»i»O» TboOrerUntl Limited— Oaden, Don-
. »er. Ouiata, Ihicaf. "aiISF
•a,3O A Sail .loae, , Mrrrinore, SHockton,- . • .. ;
- lone, baerain'cuUi. ¦ Placer* Hie,"" * '
• * < MarysTlllc. t.'blco. Ue.l I'.iniT M:lflp
•»»»•» 'Miluin. OakdaJe.bonora; Carters... •!: l!ir
•J:->O* naywarU. Nil.santl Way Kuticns. # l 1: 13*
*»:OaA D*»i§. Woodlacd. Knights Landing.
•-• MarT»?ille,«»rn»ll>. . *7*13»
•»sOO» Atlaatio X i press— Ojden ami East •Wi-t3*
**HWX*Mtrtlnes. Tncy, I -ttiirop. Stockton. I i
' • -¦MeraMlaiKll.'rmnn : 7. MSilS*
%«9>*«* PortCosU. fr-iiii.). .Mrja.Toaiiil !.»•* ' ¦ '
. -. -' AiiK«>rii ; •-..-..„...... ••MS» .
•l«:4M>a Valh-K Marllae^aml Kfij HUMmid •«:«5r
•11-.UOa Kilts. Llictciore, Stockton. Hacra-
Btrato, McikloU, llaufurtl, VUalla,
l\rter»iil« MilS*
•1 2:60 m UiywarOs, NUes vulVfij StaUons. 'a^i* '
tl:O«r Kacrniin-ntoCirerKtenmera f*»«O*
•3KM>p Hajwird-. Nilts an.l Way SUtions. •»:•!»»
i *4:«»r Mitrttiiex^ San lUtunti, ' Vallejo.
N:i|xi. fnII-Ur^a. K;uitn ISosa *uiia»
Mio»f i:»nicia. Vacatlile. ' HaeraiiK-nlo. •
•- - UtxMlUiul, Knblits landing.
' M*rjiTilh>.Oro»llle.... •!•«•«»*
•1.-3«»r NIIe», Han .lVwteamt Ktcckton ....... *7i13»
•JiOOrTIm Owl Llicitnl— Traty.' Fresao.
;'*-»¦ CiktrsGcl.l. haiigua fcr Mnti liar- - -
Dura. 1>» A«j«elr«.... # l»J-t3*
oau««rfimstt Llaitetl-El Paso, Xew Or- _• r •
iscaan.l F^ut... ;....eIMSi
•.-SftOp rttiwrk ton. «(!«¦!. 1 rc5n0.... ....... *«'*!l-"»r
*s:Uap Krrsiio, ISalicrsiiwM. Santa Cirliara, g ' •
Ixm ADgcles. Iv-niins. F.l Puo,
• *-*¦ 'n 'New Orleans ami Rast.."j •••43*
*3iS*>r Mw.tJi I .» i:i>nin— Mliintld Eipreu " ¦
~-\ (?r Jl»j.ii« «i«l I'-ist *ot-f3r
•GiOOV Ilaywarils. Xllesandhan JOS* *7j4r»*-
«O:.l»f T»ileji».:..v.r. ::-....: # iail»»
•<ii3«i- Oriental Mill— OgJen. Cheyenne.
¦ Om&ha, CbJc7£3 »t»43A
*0:SOr Oriental Wall— Ogden, Denver.
" . . . Omiha. Chicago •MS*
t7t**r Vatlrjo. I'.rt 4.'oat» *n-l Way BU- ~ ' '
• j-^ Utus :.:.a.:. •./..:::....„..
•AiASp Ongon and California Ki|>re<w,>«ac-
; rmiitrnlo, Murjollle.. UvUHug. :
r.»th>i>.i: l*n«r» Sl.iintl ami lUmC' **»l«4
ROTAL House, 1?« Ellis st.— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 85c to Jl 60; .week, $2 to
IS; mer.th, 18 to $20; elevator on office floor;
jocms with hot and cold water; baths. "
ROSEDALE House, 319 & 821 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. II 25 to «: open night.
BAN ANTONIO. Zl Taylor, near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
sea bathe;. suites and single rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
•*•:!#« New«rk.t,Vntßi»llle,."aii.lo*e.Pelsoo. ; •
Boii!derCrreli.f<aiifaCriixaDdWay -• •
. ' . Stations... / »»«a4»»>
t-« I -1 r Newark. Cent eiTlUe. Man Jose, New
Aluittlrn, Kcllun, ICunlJer Crrek. . - - .
¦••¦_• - 8.« i!» Crux auit I'rlnclpal W»j
• ¦ Sullons.. :.¦,., .i.:A.: .....i fl*Ji»«a
•lilSp Newark. Man Jono, LcitGatoa. •«<3Oa
,1 IztSr Hun-F^i". Kxqm3i;n. Kan Jote and I
TtayStoifo-5.,..:... ....'. t7i«4»r
SIXTH. S29— Rooms, Jl 26 to II B0; also house-
keeping rooms; closet In every room. . ¦
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS
Birth, marnage and death notice* sent -by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be banded
in at either of the publication offices and b*
Indorsed with, the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN, j ,£".
FRANSISKOVICHV-In this city, March 4, 1900,
to the wife of Edward 'Franslskovlch. a son.
LEWIN— In this city, March 4, 1900, to the wife
of Leon Lewin, a daughter. ,', .
WINGERTER— In this. city, February 18." I*oo.
to the wife of H. Wlngerter, a son. .
ST. PETER'S House. 705 California— Changed
hands; nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keeping rooms. :>- '.':'¦¦ '" -
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
..aSiK FIUECISCO— Tal «f Harktl Slrett (Sli? S)— • '.
S:IS - '9:00 ll:0O*.W. tI:S3 *2:C3 tJ:M
•1:03' " t3:sff •*C:C3f.*." * ' "'' -"s" s ?•
maOilUaß— r»«HfBrt««««T.— "«:0O 8:00 10:00».».
' |KflO-'»I:C3- MOO- ••3:03 |t:O9 ¦ 'i-.t9r.it.
TAYLOR, 147, corner Eddy— Large sunny fur-
nished rooms, transient or permanent, from
$2 60 up. ;;<-¦-:
TURK. IJ2— Nicely furnished room; suitable for
2 gentlemen; rent moderate.
TWENTT-THIRD, J166. near Howard— l or t
nicely furnished sunny housekeeping rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.-
' MslWaOceaii Vlaw, H'Hith Han Fnoclseo.. t«i3«r
' «7:O«» Ran .)»»«• «i..t YVoy HUtlous (New *•" .
¦ - - Ariii*(teii We<liip.«U>«o!ily) *IaS4)T
••>*)•* Itaii Jom>. TrM IMimw. Suit* Cms, - - - .-.
- r.rific- <>...»«. Vas.t KMtm. ¦ 8*» ¦ V % .>'
' -• l.vi* Oiiimnt, Surf. Lompoo and
l'riiiclimt Vt-1 Htftt1nn5. .......... -Mil«»
•lOiIUk Han Jiimhii.) \Y»y>KiaUDUS *0:X1*
?II:!|(Ia Sri Ji'.n iml Way Hta(lons ........ *S>aOr
fii'lSr (tan AUtio, Ur.lnnotl. Menlo l'srk.
' ralo A Ho. Sanuf.'lara, Man .>»¦*,
*'Tres Pinc< M.ut* t.'rim. Baliuas, ' * -
Munterey an.l |-;..-ilic CrnTj tl":T«A
f3.a«r M*n.l..»a»iiil \V», ht:iti.>u *?:3»p
tl«ISp Sati.loMeanit I'riiicipn.l U*j Stations M J>I3.4)
«3tO*r 5»ii.1,,«,. an.l Trlncipal IVar Stations tV:On*
•3.a«i> BauJ..Mian.irriocit>al WaySteUuDS •feSAa
•a::t«pg»ii.I M3 aii.|. W^iautionn t»:OOA
»11;43y 9»n .Inrtnn.l lV»y Statirtim i.. ..:... »7«aO>
A for Monilni' r - -•- . I" for Afternoon. •'¦ '
¦Daily, t H«ii*f etcspteit' "¦ t bxuiir only. -'
.»¦ •*• - ; c Saturday only,
a Tuesdays and Fridaxs « Thursdays and Sundaya,
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 Market SU— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table first class;
reduced rates. .-¦»¦;-,
NEW family hotel: first class In all appoint-
meats; excellent table; special Inducements to
select people. 807 California St., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
A— HOTEL La Nonnandle, S2« Eddy—Sunny
tultes and single rooms; everything new; first-
class table an.d service; prices moderate. .
CALIFORNIA NOBTDWESTESK RY. CO.
' - LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO 1 AND NORTH PACIFIC
v 'RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttfcuron F«rry,'Foot of Market 84, ;
SAI« "fRANCI»CO~TO SAN RAFAXX*.' -'
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, »W>. U:00 a. m. ; U:JS,
*:lt>, 1:10. 1:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at VM
and 11:30 p. m. •-, .-¦•*/; -
«UNDATB-«:00, 9:», U:00 a. m.: 1:30b 1:10.
IU». (:20.p. m. >MM
BAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 4UIO. 740, t.tO. ll:10 a. m.; 11:43.
1:40. :i:l»- p.' m. t**tur4ay»— Extra trip* at •
. 1:85 and I'M p. m. . - •
BUNDATS-«:li)I »:«. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40. S:OS.
• :25 p. m. . :
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park
same achedule aa abov*. .... . .. .. _.
FRANKLIN. 60S— Sunny front room: good
board: bath; gas; private family; SIS month.
HOTEL SALIBBURT, Hyde ' & Eddy; changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
• Leave ' " . Arrive
Ban Francisco. "In Effect San Francisco.
_ October 1»V '¦ :
Week ¦ Sun- * 1895.' • Sun- Week
Day*. days. Destination, days. Days.
7:toam 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:4') am
I:Mpm 9:30 am Petaluraa. 4:05 pm 10:2S am
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rcsa. 7:33 pm (:22 pm
Fulton. I
f:»aa Windsor. I 10-.XS as
Healdsburg. 1
•,¦'.'¦ • " .' 'Lytton. ' .1
1 ¦; 1\ • ' -¦ * Oeyierville, I
l:t0 pra 1:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:3S pm (:S pm
I:»am| ' ~ " 1 Hopland - and I j
l»:WaJq| -Uklah. | 7:35 pml «:2S pm
7'SOam ~ • ..•:.. '¦ T~ U:zs am
8:00 am Guernevllle. I 7:K pm
l:«0pm - . » ¦•_. |. l:2» pm
f:lOaaa S4oam ¦ Sonoma.. l:Uam 4:40 aaj
and " -
t:10 pm /8:00 pm Glen Ellen. t:O5 pm t:23 pm
7:JO ami I:C0 ami aebastopol. 110:40 am|lo:U am
»:30 pm| 1:00 pm| ... ,: ' ?: ;." | 1:36 pmL«:2I pm
LAS PALMAB, IS2O Market st.,— Suite of 2 or I
rms.; private; bath: sin. rms.; board optional.
SBWI.\G MACHINES AXD SUPI'LIKS.
RENTED, repaired, bovght, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 Cth; phone Mint 45.
ALL klnds.bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pa Jrl ng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Bulphnr Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagg*
Spring*: at Cloverdale for th* Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. - Highland Sprlncs.
KelseyvlUe. Carlsead Springs; Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah (or Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. . Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lax*. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Dari, Riverside. Llerley-j.
Bucknell'*, Sarihedrtn Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*s
Hot' Springs. - Mendoclno • City. Fort Brajjjc.
Westport. .Uxa!.- WUlUts. LaytonvtUe. . Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs>
•faced rates. - <¦-¦ - - > JV ....
On Bunday round-trio ' tickets . to all point*
beyond' San Rafael at bait rates. ¦¦-•
Ticket Ofltces. {50 Market st.. Chronlel« bldg.
H. C. WHITINO, , - R, X. RTAI«. 1
General Manager. ; -Gen. Pass. Agent. '
ARRIVED. "
MONDAT*. Maroh 5.,
Stmr Aeapulco, Cattarinlch, 24H . days rrom
Panama and way ports. •¦¦
Br stmr Carlisle City, Altken. 41 days, from
Hongkong, via Yokohama' 26 days, via San
Dlegoy r days.- •: ij'.l .-' : ':','' -.' "'" ' - • '
Btmr Czarina, . Seamann. 100 hours from
B~U8 ~ U1 M ~/'V BAILED.^:..;: ;'
• -"-.-¦ : "v MONDAT. March 8. -
. Btmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, -*-. - "
Schr Barbara Hernster, Llndberg, .
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAlMO— Arrived March ?— Haw "stmr Ban
Hateo from ' Port Los Angeles, i March 6— Br
stmr Robert Adamson, hence March 1.
Sailed, March 6— Haw stmr San Mateo, for
SYDNEY— SaiIed January 13— Ship John C
Potter, for Honolulu. January 29— ship M P
Grace, for Honolulu. V'r"- -"¦ ¦
Arrived March 6— Stmr Mlowera, from Vic
toria, fi C." ¦ ' •¦•¦•¦,;•,•';.'
YOKOHAMA— Arrived ¦ prior, to ¦ March - 3— <
stmr Iduzlml Maru. -from Hongkong, for Beat
tle ' ~ OCEAN STEAMERS. '. - • " = :
•NEW .TORKtApI»»4 March . 6— Stmr Maas
dam. from Rotterdam.. -. t^;-;- -_- r .
SMYRNA — Arrived March :. 6— Stmr.- Augusta
Victoria,- from New York, via ports on Oriental
ROTTERDAM— Arrived : March •— 6tmr Wer»
kendam. from New York.". •- . . ¦ • ¦ ,• *
Sailed March s— Btmr Manltou, for London.'
MOVlLLE— Arrived March s— Stmr Numidlan.*
from Portland, for Liverpool. ,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
J3OOO— A THOROUGHLY well-built house of 7
rooms; only two blocks from station; sunny
side of. street; all street work done.
MASON & McLENATHEN,
Adjoining P. 0., Berkeley. ¦
'HE best corner lot ; south of University of
California, with elegant modern S-room h*oe.
.M. L. WURTB>
"Seventeenth and Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausaltto Ferry. "- .-;.-' ' ¦'
¦ - Commencing October 1. H9K ' • _^
FROM- SAN -FRANCIBCO TO MILL TALLET
.... . ¦,..-. .-AND SAN-RAl>AEU^'^^-..-.
WEEK DAYS—'irOO. •»:». U:00 a. SB.; n:4«.
•1:40. 5:16. «:00, «:M ». m. --"v ,--. <vf
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-,
fael. on Mondays. . Wednesdays and Saturdays.
at »:00 and U:3O p. m. - --•¦•- ¦: -.- :--v -- • •
BUNDATB-««:0», n»:00. Ilisa a> «.; IOV
1:18, •*:&. •:». »:00 0. m. : " ¦ -
Trains marked T») ran'td San QuenUa. •*¦
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK -- DATS— »:2S. H:15. . 7:45. .*9:40 a. aa.;
nj:S0,l;l». n:4O. *S:U p, m. ' . - -<- : " ¦ '-•
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at (:40 and 10:15 p. m. ". ' . .- '. . -
BUNDATS-«:».' •*:<». n0:00. "U:** • a. . am.;
•1:40. •3:15.-4:48. t:» 9. tn. ¦'^ '' ' "
Train* marked •(•) start from Baa Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLSY TO BAN FRANCISCO.
¦ WEE3t jDAYS— »:4B. •:48,^.7«. t:4l .a. m.;
U:»5, »:3S. 8:45. 6:10 p. m. ,. -~ ¦ _^
- EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays aa«
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:10 p. m. r - - :¦: ¦ • ,
SUNDAT9-«:06. 10:05 a. m>. 1J:66. lOi. M*, 1
¦¦00 1:45 p.'B». •¦-*-¦">"-'*- • -•• ' "• ¦' "•
" '» ;.:- -THROUOH TIUINR •:.' ;v- ¦
f*o a, m. week days— Casad*ro and way statkma,
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
1:00 a.' m. Sundays— Toraal*s and war statlonav
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS. SCENIC » RfULWAY
*>. Leav* lan Franclao* .' vis BaosaMt* 9%nr»" '
Weak day* ¦ ¦ »J> a, sa>-as« *:• p. sa>
¦»¦ '-¦¦- •-- ' -¦-* .---' ¦-¦ ¦-¦¦¦:-'•¦¦* -
11Volunteer Parlor.
-The natives of ' California who served in
the Philippines held a meeting. In Native
Sons' Hall last night and completed ' ar
rangements i preliminary^ to •-¦ organizing > a
volunteer > parlor ! of the Native Sons. -It
Is probable that It will be Instituted next
week with over 150 members,
¦ ¦-¦-.¦;'-•-¦¦. -- • f .-¦¦-'- .'¦'-., . v : -""¦--.-*' . ¦
A Musical Treat
Can b« enjoyed with your dinner at Zlnkand's.
CuisliM' and service the best in the city. % •
Come, See.
Big Presents
With Coffee
With Tea
'Witb Spice* -
Witb Baking Powder
Come Just to See.
Great American ImportuiiE Tea CJdl
•Score* STerywliere*
loostorei, "
me to understand that It was x»n» of
my business and I dropped the subject."
Uncertain on the Contract.
The witness would not identify th» mar
riage* contract In evidence, but stated
that the wording and general appearances
were Identical with the document shown
her at the Mission Grammar School In
1532.
In contradiction of Mrs. Cosack*a testi
mony, Charles Fair says he ha» letter*
written by his father of the same date
as when the witness claims he was call-
Ing upon Mrs. Craven, In which the Sena
tor stated that he was sick in bed. Hit
wife, from whom he was separated, waa
on her deathbed at the time and passed
away at the very time when Mrs. Cosack
asserts Fair was making most ardent lova
to her patient. •
During the afternoon session of tha
court Attorney W. W. Foote made a de
position previous to his departure for
Paris. His statements under oath wera
the same as have already been published
in connection with the case.
Still Probing the Scandal.
The Grand Jury Investigation Into tha
charges of perjury growing out of tha
Craven-Fair case went on yesterday with
out the appearance of the fair plaintiff.
But three witnesses were examined dur
ing the afternoon— Adolph Sylva, Joe Har
vey and .Charles Fair— and when the lat
ter was permitted to go after a rather
short inquisition, the bailiff called for
Mrs. Craven, but there was no respor.se.
Inquiry at the office of Dr. Clinton over
the telephone by District Attorney Byinsj
ton elicited the Information that the lady
was seriously HI In bed. and that sha
would be unable to attend.' Dr. Clinton
said that she would be In condition to
appear this morning, but it was abso
lutely Impossible for his patient to get
out of bed without serious danger to her
health. •
Fair and Harvey denied that they had
made ' any attempt to buy Slmpton
through the agency of Sylva. The Grand
Jury Investigation will be continued to
morrow evening.
CLAIMS FAIR DISPLAYED
THE MARRIAGE CONTRACT
Mrs. Cosack Tells of a Meeting With the
Senator and Mrs. Craven.
. 4 ' . ¦ . :
Petitioner in the Famous Case Fails to Appear
Before the Grand Jury on Account
? of Sudden Sickness.
WritthTs /Indian Ve&etalle Til
ARK ACKNOWLEDGED UK '. THOUSANDS
of - 9STSOBS who haTt used thtm ' (or ¦ forty
ytars to car* SICK HEADACHE. QID DINES d,
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Lr*ar, Wtak tniMiis_
Flieltt and purity ta* Uood. ";
717 Market st.: ! Sale of- shoes going on.»
Midday Religious Services.
Noonday religious services 'were held
yesterday In the rooms of the Chamber of
Commerce by. the Brotherhood of. St. An
drew.' These meetings will be held every
day until • Easter. The purpose Is to give
the business men in that part of the city
an opportunity to break away from. plat
ters relating to commerce and trade and
turn their thoughts to sacred subjects." At
the meeting yesterday there was plenty of
music and singing, and the - address wan
delivered by the Rev. F..W. Clampett, D.
D., rector, of Trinity Church and recently
of Baltimore, . Md. ; The . attendance ¦. was
not as large as expected. ; ! •¦;,- •
*".. ¦*.">? ¦ i ; ¦¦.•¦"-:¦.,¦". ;¦ -— -V:r-/>' .-¦-.' -¦¦';
A Pitiful Cose of Destitution.
AyA v pitiful case of destitution, which may
call*, attention from > charitable; .persons,
exi«t« In' the ' home of Mrs." Fred ; Bryant
at 30 Hunt street The woman's husband
died on Sunday, and an undertaker who
Father Dabovich Will Lecture.
\l ßev. '¦ Father 'Dabovich 1 of the Greek
cathedral will "lecture before the Church
of .the Advent, Eleventh street, near Mar
ket, next Tuesday evening on the "Rela
tion .Between ,• Eastern- and Western
Catholicism, and What the Orthodox
Church l Has ¦ Done . for. Russia." i The lec
ture will be delivered in the Sunday school
room under the church' and will be free.
"Keith's" Paris hats displayed next
Friday and Saturday. Phelan building,
808 Market street.-; ... *\
OLD MAN DRAGGED TO
DEATH UNDER A CAR
James McCauley, a Laundryman,
Injured on the Folaom-
Street Line. . . .
An old man named James McCauley was
knocked down 'by a car of the , Folsom
street electric line at the, corner' of Thir
teenth and Folsom streets at 10 o'clock
yesterday- morning and received injuries
from which he died two" hours later.
McCauley was crossing the street when
the car ¦ struck him and threw ', him with
great force to the ground. The unfortu
nate, man was caujrht under the step of
the car and dragged quite, a distance be
fore the car could be brought to a stand
still.
Officer Tracey, who was near at hand,
picked the injured man up and had him
conveyed in the patrol. wagon, which had
been summoned, to the City and County
Hospital,, where it was found that Mc-
Cauley had been horribly crushed. Both
arms were broken and : several ribs were
fractured . and broken. • The ¦ Injured man
bled profusely, the broken ribs penetrat
ing the body and • causing a : heavy | hem
orrhage. The doctors at the hospital an
nounced at once that there was no hope
for the injured mim ,Vjl3P]SM)ff'ltaJc.a.iii:c:
T. Crimmlna, •. the motorman of tha car.
It Was Another Hamilton.
Milton S. Hamilton, an attorney at law
In the office of Rodgers, Paterson A Slack,
was an "Object of , no ( little | concern yes
terday. On Sunday night- a' man' named
Hamilton, while trying to save an aged
man from the clutches of a robber, was
knocked down by the rufflan, whose fist
was armed with brass knuckles. : The vic
tim was badly bruised, and in- telling the
story of the assault led his hearers- to
believe that he, was connected with the
law firm named.* Milton S. Hamilton,- who
is the only Hamilton in this firm, was
with his wife, however, when the other
Hamilton was In the hands of the thug,
and he was kept busy yesterday explain
ing this fact to his friends.
Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey la call«<J for
everywhere. It is the drink of the people.
Magazines, newspapers and periodicals Uvaad
complete for authors. Mysell-Rolllna,- 22 0&7.*
Wedding Invitations, ' visiting, cards,'
Koh-i-noor pencils, Waterman fountain
pens, pocket knives and everything use-
ful In the. stationery line. Best goods and
best prices. Sanborn," Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
ket street. • . >-• . •
For tan, freckles end blackheads Anyvo
Theatrical Cold Cream has no equal, •
REFUSED A ROOM AND
STOLE SOME CARPETS
James Ryan and Amadio McGarry
"-;T. Arrested on a Charge of
Burglary.
James Kyan,- a laborer, ana Amaaio
McGarry, an artist, were arreated late
yesterday afternoon by Police Officer Jack
Tillman and charged with burglary- Ryan
and McGarry, accompanied- by- a
man, who has not ' yet been apprehended,
visited a lodging house at 224 Fourteenth
street, and arousing the '¦ landlady, said
they wanted to rent apartments.; Suspect
ing that they intended to " do ' some mis
chief,-the mistress, of the, ho use told them
that all the rooms were occupied, and; or?
dered them to leave. • s One •> of j the men,
meeting a 'Japanese - servant in the hall
way/ promptly , knocked him down, and
calling to his companions," told* them to
beat a hasty retreat. ¦ "
A short time afterward the trio returned
to - the . house,', and .breaking In the .base
ment, stole . four - rolls , . of carpet. : The
landlady discovered-" them in the act, and
as they started to run she quickly,sum
moned Officer : Tillman, who was only, a
short distance away.-- .«>- v '¦":'¦ •'•
- Tillman followed the trio, and after a
short chase he captured' Ryan and -Mc-
Garry. Their companion escaped.* but as
he Is known, he-/will in all probability be
arrested to-day.' The . stolen ¦ carpet . was
recovered .and were .booked as evidence
against the men.. ¦ " : . '
CUNNING CROOKS ROB
A CIGAR-STORE SAFE
', Two, bold crooks successfully carried out
what • was evidently a | well planned rob -
bery last night by abstracting a drawer
containing $72 from -a store safe, with, the
proprietor within reaching. distance.
1. About 10 o'clock last night two young
men entered the cigar store of W. Wil
helmi.at 509. Montgomery street and oae of
them droppeda nickel in the slot machine
at' the end of the counter. The proprietor,
a man 70years } of iage;and almost blind,
got close to the machine to watch it while
the" customer dropped in' all four nickels
into 1 the machine. While the old man's
attention •„ was .so attracted the second
young man quietly . sneaked , behind the
counter to the back of the store, whf-re
a . small . safe is located, and . pulling out
a drawer sneaked to the front of the store
with the plunder and escaped. His * com
panion disappeared without losing time.
DARKNESS CAUSED
TWO BROKEN LEGS
T. H. Gathe and Adolph Smith
Threaten to Sue the City for
Damages.
The city will probably have to defend
two suits for damages owing to the eco
nomical streak In putting out the street
lights at midnight. :,p'.
Within half an hour of each other two
men were taken to the Receiving Hos
pital early yesterday morning, each with
a broken right leg. ! One was T. H. Gathe.
991 McAllister street, and the other Adolph
Smith, 220 Langton street.
Gathe about 2 o'clock took a young lady
to her home on California and Buchanan
streets. There is a turn on the steps
leading from the sidewalk to the front
door, and after parting with hia compan
ion, Gathe did not see the turn in the
darkness and stepped off into space. His
right leg was badly fractured.
Smith was walking home, and while
passing a building In course of erection
on Mission street, opposite . Annie street,
he stepped into the basement, falling a
distance of about twenty feet. His right
leg was also badly fractured.
. Both declared their intention of , suing
the city for damages, as they say that
if the lights had not. been out the acci
dents would not have occurred. '
A FRANCHISE was applied for yes
terday from the Board of Super
visors of Contra Costa County at
Martinez, in the name of two of the
most prominent financiers and pro
moters of Oakland, that may mean the
entrance of the Atchlson. Topeka and
fcanta Fe Railroad Into Oakland, and
•which certainly means a connection be
tween the present terminus of that road
at Point Richmond and that city. The
signers of the application are A. S. Mac
donald, a well-known young promoter
who has done much advance work for the
Santa Fe Railroad, and William G. Hen
shaw. president of the Union Savings
Bank and one of the leading bankers of
Oakland. The petitioners ask for a fran
chise for an electric railroad to run from
the county line between Alameda ana
Contra Costa counties, out San Pablo ave
nue to a point about a mile this side of
the town of San Pablo, thence turning
abruptly westward, crossing the present
main line o( the Southern f acWc Com
cany at Barretts station; thence continu
ing down to Point Richmond, curving
around Point Ricnmona and the Potrero
of San Pablo, making a loup around the
Potrero and running uown on Point Rich
mond itself; tnence running b*ck 10 Sau
Pablo avenue and out to the town of Ban
Pablo, one mile beyond.
Eight Miles in Length.
The terms of the Iranchise axe the usual
ones embooied in sucn documents ana it
is maae 10 cover every motive power ex-
£ P 7 *ieam. It is aoout eight miles 111
length aua literally begins nowhere and
enu* nowhere. One loose ena flutters ott
m vie wina at tnts Alameda County line. <
and tne otner winds up at tne old town 01 i
San PaDlo, which was left on a side track
years ago by the Southern Pacittc Com
iany. 'me application was referred to the
usual committee to-day and ordered ad
vertised in accordance with law, so it
will be some weeks before a anal hearing
can be had upon It.
So much for the franchise and the ac
tion upon it. but It Is not so much the
document as it Is the men and the motive
behind it that makes It of interest. Wil
liam G. Henshaw Is interested in a great
many enterprises in Oakland, but they
have all been of a commercial or manu
facturing nature, and he has never dab
bled in railroad schemes and railroad pro
motion. He is one of thesolld men of Oak
land and Is undoubtedly able to construct
euch a line as Is proposed by this fran
chise should he bo wish. .But it Is not
thought that Mr. Henshaw would take a
flyer In electric railroad building unless
he knew what he was doing. This idea Is
further emphasised by the fact that Mr.
Henshaw Is now in New York, and It is
believed that bis visit to that city has
something to do with the. franchise pro
ject which was launched at Martinez to
day. " ?
Looks like the Santa Fe.
It Is more particularly the connection of
A. fl. Macdonald with the scheme, how
ever, that makes It eeem a Santa Fe af-
fair. Mr. Macdonald Is the man who, more
than any -one else, located for the Valley
Railroad Its present line through Franklin
Canyon and who secured for the road its
rights of way to Point Richmond. He was
Intimately connected with the securing of
Roint Richmond^ as a terminus for the
line and did most of the actual
work of securing rights, lands and
property all the way from Antloch. When,
therefore. Mr. Macdonald applies for a
railroad franchise, no matter of what
kind,, it is impossible not to associate the
move with his former line of operations
and believe that it is some kind of a con
necton for the Santa Fe. system and its
Valley Railroad terminus.
The proposed line of the road is regard
ed an the clearest indication that It has
something to do with connecting the end
of the Valley Railroad at Point Richmond
with Oakland. The business between San
Pablo and Oakland will not warrant the
construction of an electric railroad and
It means that this line will connect the
population on this side of the bay with
the terminus of the Valley Railroad at
Point Richmond. -.;:
But whether this new line Is merely a
private enterprise or has some direct con
nection with the terminal plans of- the
.Santa Fe system no one is willing to say.
Mr. Macdonald was seen at his home In
Oakland last night and said:
Will Build Into Alameda.
."William G. Henshaw and myself have
applied for a franchise from, the Contra
Costa County ' Supervisors for an electric
railroad from the Alameda County line
to San Pablo with a loup around the Po
trero of San Pablo and touching Point
Richmond. The application has taken the
usual preliminary course and has not yet
been granted. As for the line stopping at
the boundary between Alameda and Con
tra Costa counties it Is obvious that It
will not do so. We merely applied to the
Contra Costa Supervisors before apply
ing to the Alameda County Supervisors.
When the Contra Costa franchise has
been granted then we will apply for the
end that will be within this county. As
for the road, it will be constructed just
as soon as the franchises are secured and
It will connect Oakland with Point Rlch
.mond and San Pablo, running along Ban
Pablo avenue."
When Mr. Macdonald was ~ questioned
about what the new road represented, or
what was behind it, or whether It was an
entrance into Oakland for the Santa Fe
system, he cheerfully and carefully evaded
a direct answer.
Arranged in New York.
The Indications are that this," franchise
was arranged for before Mr. Henohuw
went East, and that It was to be applied
for in Martinez as soon as Mr. Henshaw
completed the arrangements In New Fork.
These arrangements have evidently been
completed and -the application made upon
telegraphic advices from the East. .That It
is a legitimate scheme there can be not
the slightest doubt from the character of
the two men making the application. That
it may be a Santa Fe terminal scheme
there can be tut little doubt' from- the
same connection.. This offers I vast nros-»
pects for. speculation and surmise. ' it 1«
said that a vast electric railroad terminal
system is contemplated in- and about Oak
land, of which this is the first ' move, ir
VALUABLE PAINTINGS
SOLD TO ART LOVERS
The first night's sale of the Gump col
lection of European art treasures opened
In Native Sons' Hall last evening and be
fore two hours had elapsed fifty paintings
by the best artists of the day were dis
posed of at auction for $18,000. The hall
was so crowded with prospective pur
chasers and art connlsseurs that the gal
lery had to be thrown open to accommo
date the. spectators. Society was repre
sented In large numbers and the bidding
on the paintings were lively.
Among the painting disposed of were:
"The Antiquarian," by Max Gaisser.
which brought $375; "Awkward Assist
ance," by E. Zamplghl, brought $430;
"Madonna and Child," by Charles Selfert,
$575; "Amateur Orchestra," by A. Zoppi,
fcMO; "Cajolery," by H. Buckner, JB5; "The
Duet," by Caesar Dettit, $630; '-'Wander
ing Musician of Calabria," $3(50; "Old but
Ardent," by Jean Magni. $360; ""The Or
phans," by Adolph Eberle, $675; "" Caravan
Arriving at Biskra at Night," by La
zerges, $900; "Marius at the Ruins of Car
thage," by Charles L.c Brun, $1100.
Among the prominent purchasers at the
sale were: Leon Sloss, Mrs.' Greenwald,
E. B. Walker of Minneapolis, - Adolph
Mack, Morris Meyerfeldt, Miss Mangels
and many others. * ¦.
A. 3. Macdonald and William G. Henshaw Back of
the Scheme to Build an Electric Railroad
to Point Richmond.
If the man does not stop the cough
the cough stops the man; stops his ap-
petite, ' his sleep, his pleasure and his
work. So called "cough remedies"
sometimes relieve but they don't go deep
enough >to - cure. Dr. Pterce's Golden
Medical Discovery cures coughs and
diseases of the respiratory organs per-
fectly . and permanently. It stops 'the
cough. It heals the lungs, stops the
hemorrhage, if the lungs are bleeding,
and by purifying the blood and increas-
ing' the action of the blood -making
glands enriches every organ with the
good blood which alone win make a
good body.
"My husband bad been cxwgWast tat rear*
and people frankly told me tftat he would go
into consumption," writes Mrs. John Shlreaao,
of No. 263 23th Place, Chicago, In. "He had such
terrible coughing spells, we not only grew much
alarmed, but looked for the bursting of a blood
.vessel or a hemorrhage at almost any time.
After three days' coughing he was too wtak to
cross the room. The doctor did him no rood.
I stated the case to a druggist, who banded me
a bottle of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discov-
ery. - My husband's i ecu* try waa remarkable.
In three days after he began using Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Diacorery he - was trp and
•round, and In two more days be west to work.
Two bottles cared him." •
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets erne bili-
ousness. They produce permanent bene-
fit and do not re-act on the system. One
is a gentle laxative, two a cathartic dose.
Significance of an Application for a Fran
chise in Contra Costa,
SWALLOWED CARBOLIC ACID.
Mrs. Reinford, While Despondent
Prom Illness, Attempted •
Suicide.
Despondent over a temporary physical
ailment, Mrs. Reinford of 268^ Clara street
last evening attempted suicide by swal
lowing, the contents of a small bottle of
carbolic , add. : She , was at once removed
to the Receiving Hospital, where tho
usual emetic was administered. It !s ex
tremely doubtful whether she will recover.
The unfortunate woman has been ill for
some time, but according to her husband
she seemed cheerful and hopeful.
, A short time before. she took the fatal
dose she visited the shop where her broth
er Is employed, 'and after a short conver
sation-with him said she was going home
to prepare dinner for her husband. On the
way she stopped at a drugstore and pur
chased the bottle of acid. It is supposed
that she drank the deadly potion imme
diately after returning to her home.
'Both her husband and brother visited
the. hospital shortly after she was taken
there. .- They both expressed surprise that
she had attempted suicide, as she always
appeared jhaptjy notwithstanding her ail
ments It was said that Reinford and his
wife had had a quarrel, which culminated
In, her takingthe .poison. This, however,
is emphatically denied by Reinford. The
couple' have been' married about three
years and have no children.
SANTA FE SEEKING AN
ENTRANCE TO OAKLAND
was called refuses to dispose of the re
mains until he shall receive compensation.
There are no funds In the family treasury
and the heart-broken wife desires to ap
peal to the public for assistance. Bryant
was taken ill with consumption about two
years ago and since that time has been
unable to work. His wife is also an in
valid, and since his death has been con
fined to her bed. A little 9-year-old
daughter has been an inmate of the City
and County Hospital for the past three
weeks and was brought home last Satur
day that she might see her father before
he died.
STATE CENTRAL
COMMITTEE TO
BE CONVENED
Chairman McLaughlin De
cides to Issue a Call for
a Meeting.
Will First Ascertain the Wishes of
the City and County Members
*3e^ore ¦ I*iiinflr the "
Major Frank McLaughlln has decided
to call a general meeting of the Republi
can State Central Committee In due time.
Before naming the day and hour of the
meetln'g.he will consult the convenience
of city and country members, and when
the time Is fixed 'will take pleasure la no
tifying the press. ,- It* ls . thought that th»
meeting will be held about the middle of
the present - month. The convention to
send delegates to the national convention
at Philadelphia must be held by the mid
dle of May. Ample time should be given
for the selection of delegates to. the State
convention. . '~t '• - '
It is important that the State Central
Committee shall • designate at an . early
day the time and place of holding the
State convention. Sacramento,- Stockton.
San Jose, Oakland, Santa Cruz and, other
cities should be notified at once when the
State . Central Committee will meet, so
that claims. for. the honor of entertaining
the delegates to the State convention may
be put forward by. each city.
ADVEBTISEttENTSw
is believed that this Henshaw-Macdonald
road will furnish the entrance into Oak
land from the north t and that it will ab
sorb the Oakland, San Leandro and Hay
wards electric railroad for egress to the
south and Into the Alameda and Santa,
Clara valleys. There have been a number
of large transfers of stock of the Hay
wards road lately, which might mean this
and might mean nothing. This stock haa
been held almost exclusively by A. L.
Stone and his brother. Egbert Stone, and
the Meek family of San Lorenzo, and
there have been few sales until lately.
A. S. Macdonald and. A. L. Stone ara
warm personal friends, and this lends ad
ditional Importance to the electric road
plan which Is mentioned In connection
with the extension of the Santa Fe system
about the bay. Such a system would con
trol not only Oakland, but every town on
the coast side of the Contra Costa hills.
In addition the Haywards line Is the only
independent line in Oakland. All of the
others are controlled either by the South
ern Pacific Company or the Oakland
Transit Company.
Hippopotamus ivory* at one time 'waa
much used for artificial teeth. ' -
CATTLEMEN FAVORED
LEASING OF RANGES
Permanent Organization of the Pa
cific Coast Stockmen's At^
sociation.
The Pacific Stockmen's Association was
formed In this city yesterday. There were
present representatives of the cattle Inter
ests from New Mexico, Oregon. Washing
ton Idaho. Montana, Arizona, Nevada and
California. Among those present were
Walter L. Vail of Los Angeles, G. N. Mer
ritt of Woodland. D. 8. Cohn of Red
Bluff. Jeff Bradley of Merced. 8. T Gago
of San Francisco. George A. of
San Francisco. R. of Bakers
field G. W. Smith of Oregon. G.JV . Gray
son, of Oakland. Alex Gunn of New Mex
ico. G. A. Duke of Modoc County, I . A-
I^%^ H^f^^ of^l &od|I
CoSntyf c! L. Wood of South Dakota. E.
S Gosney of Arizona. F. C. Lusk of CMco.
Je-se D Carr of Salinas, Fred Cox of Sac
ramento and John P. Irish. Altogether
there were about sixty in attendance
F C Lusk of Chico was elected chair
man 'George A. Newhall temporary aec
retar'y and the following permanent exec
utive committee: F C. Lusk of Chico
Jesse D. Carr of Salinas. John Spark* of
Nevada, Jerry Mlllals of Phoenix. Aris.,
F Churchill of Yreka. George )V. Gray
son of Oakland, Walter N. \ ail of Los
Angeles^d J. Leroy Nickel of San Fran-
Cl A°long memorial prepared by Colonel
Irish was adopted, fn which Congress is
urged to enact a law to authorize the leas
ing of the arid and seml-arld pubile lands
for grazing purposes. The memorial sets>
forth .various reasons for such a law,
among which are the prevention of the
ranges from becoming deserts by reason
of their use as commons, and the provid
ing of revenue for the construction of re
straining dams for irrigating purposes. It
was admitted that the Governors of sev
eral States have a ftUfferent theory and
that they have asked for de^ay; but the
memorialists hold that the experiment of
leasing the grazing lands has been tried
successfully, especially in Texas and In
Australia. . -/-r-^ ;
Would Not Pay Election Bet.
Thomas Mulligan, a real estate agrent.
was locked up In the Harbor ' police . sta
tion yesterday morning on a charge of
carrying concealed weapons. The arrest
was made at the instance of Eddie Con
roy, a clerk for the Pilot Commissioners,
who said Mulligan was going to kill him.
Mulligan claims Conroy bet -him that
Burns would be elected Senator and re
fused to settle the bet. Mulligan threat
ened vengeance and Conroy .notified tha
police. E When the former was arrested
yesterday at the. ferry depot a large pistol
was found !n one of his pockets.
ISCENEOF THE SHOOTING THAT ENDED IN A DOUBLEI
t MURDER. . t
Should the See Yups and Sam Yups com
mence warfare two branches of the former
would have to join with the latter to ac
complish the purposes of the war and it
1b hardly probable that they would take
any such action.
Chief of Police Sullivan was much In
censed when he learned of yesterday's
crimes. He determined to place four ex
tra policemen in Chinatown to seaich
highbinders for weapons and to take ac
tion which would lead to the arrest and
deportation of recognized highbinders. He
also urged that action "be taken in Wash
ington, and at his instigation the Six Com
panies held a meeting last night, which
was attended by the Chinese Consul, and
considered a course which would lead to a
cessation of hostilities. The old schema,
of appointing. Chinese detectives, whose
business It is to accompany (he police arid
point out' highbinders, and which has bo
often proved ineffective, was resorted to,
and to-day eight Chinese sleuths will as
sist the officers.
The Sam Yups, who largely compose the
Six Companies, had the additional reward
for murderers who operate In business
houses raised from $300 to $500. A proposi
tion was also made to reward witnesses in
murder trials so that they can take their
flight from the city at the close of the
cases and escape the heathen vengeance
which would otherwise be visited upon
them.-
Further trouble is anticipated at any
time. It is said that the Wai Ting Tong
men may pursue the same tactics resort
ed' to by the Suey Sings yesterday and
commence the slaughter " of merchants,
members of rival organizations. The great
desire which has possessed Chinatown to
wipe out of existence the Suey Sings would
Indicate that no special effort will be
made to call a halt In the war until they
are sufficiently punished.
As < yet co trace of the assassins has
been discovered. Detective Ed Gibson and
Sergeant Shea are at work on the case.
This Is the first killing in a highbinder
feud where merchants suffered the aeatn
penalty since famous Little Pete s mur
der. The war is on with a vengeance and
all Chinatown is aroused.
declared that he saw McCauley In front
of his car crossing the track but cot until
It was too late to prevent the accident.
Deceased was 70 years old. a native of
-Ohio, and lived at 228 Twelfth street. For
many years the old man worked In tha
La Grande laundry. .\-
the Suey Sing highbinder, on Sunday
night, the escape was not made according
to the strict letter of a previously pre
pared plan. Darting up the narrow, dingy
stairway at 615 Jacksen street the mur
derers met an .obstacle in their way at
the opening of the roof. Exit that way
was barred by a door, but this was beaten
down and the Chinese assassins scattered
through the adjoining buildings, entrance
to which having been secured by open
ings in the roofs. There are several white
witnesses to the crime and to the first
part of the course the murders took In
their escape.
The murder of Low Son and Pon Kue Is
likely to cause further complications to
arise in the highbinder war. The two
men, it is said, were not members of any
tong engaged in the present trouble, but
belonged to the Sam Yup Society, which,
is in the main composed of merchants,
i The Wai Ting Tong, one of the tongs ar
rayed against the Suey Sings, Is also a
Sam Yup ramification, and at Its door Is
laid the responsibility of the recent slay
ing of one Suey Sing man and the Injuring
of another.
The Suey Sings, odds against them,
thirsted for revenge. They had spared
their adversaries thus far, put when Jue
Hok was shot down Sunday night they de
termined to take action and sent' their
hatchetmen forth. They feared to meet
the members of the Wai Ting Tong, all of
whom are recognized fighters, and picked
inoffensive merchants, determined to gall
the Sam Yup Society simply because the
Wai Tings were counted on its roll call.
There is little likelihood of complica
tions between the See Yups and SamYups.
The Wai Ting Tong Is the only branch
of the Sam Yups engaged in the war and
this tong is banded with the Sin Sue Ying
and the Hop Sing tongs, both See Yup or
ganizations, against the Suey Slnga, which
is also a See Yup tong.- At the present
time sentiment in Chinatown is against
the Suey Sings and every assistance will
be given in crushing them out of exist
ence forever. Even the See Yup Society,
two branches of which are already flght
lng-them, would gladly, welcome the day
when the Sueys will cease to exist, as
their high-handed record of lawlessness
during the past few years has brought
ruin to everybody associated with them. .
RECORD OF BLOOD.
SEVEN dead and four seriously wounded is the record of the highbinders
for the past three months. During that time one war has been fought and
another commenced. In each Instance of lawlessness the perpetrators of
the crimes escaped and have never been captured. The trouble which
cost two lives yesterday is far from a settlement, and more victims will be
added to the long death list before peace can be again restored. The roll of
blood follows:
KILLED.
Dec. 17 Wong Chong Tailor/
Dec. 28 Horn Teong.. Hop SingTong
Jan" 6 Wong Yuen " " "
Jan, l6 GeeAhWoy " " "
Feb. 28 Chin Ah Sue Suey Sing
March 8 Low Son Sam Yup
March 6 Pon Kue.... " " .
WOUNDED.
Jan.7 Fan Chat... Hop Sing Tong
Jan. 16 Tom Gum.. Ping KongTong
March 4 Jue Hok. . . Suey Sing Tong
March 8 "... Leong Chew.. Sam Yup
TWO members of the Sam Tup So
ciety were shot and killed by Suey
Sing Tong highbinders at an early
hour yesterday morning. A third
now resting on a cot in the City
Receiving Hospital wm also struck by
bullets fired In the fusillade but will re
cover. The Sam Tups, both of whom
were respectable merchants and prom
inent In tong circles, fell victims in the
crusade of lawlessness that the Suey Sing
Tong, angered by recent defeats, might
score in blood on the Wai Ting Tong,
which is a ramification of the society to
which the dead men belonged.
• The latest victims of the Chinese society
war were Low Son and Pon Kue, partners
In the pork business on the southwest cor
ner of Jackson street and Fish alley. The
store goes under the firm name of Tuck,
Wo & Co., all the members of which are
attached to the Sam Yup Society. Five
Chinese are guilty of the crime, and nono
have as yet been apprehended by the po
° " e Audacity of Oie Deed.
With a bold disregard for the law and
without the shadow of fear for the polico
the murderers, five in number, entered
the store of Low Son and Pon Kue at 6;5u
yesterday morning. The visit was timed
and the work mapped out to a nicety. At
that hour Chinatown is rid of policemen,
the officers going on and off their beats.
Furthermore, the special watchman,
George Downey, employed by the pork
merchants, had Just left the store. The
time was thus ripe for the deadly deed
of the highbinders.
Busy with the preparations of the day's
opening Low Son and Pon Kue were or
dering and arranging their stock of meats
and vegetables wtien a band of five Celes
tials, all young men, entered the store. No
words were wasted nor was any time
lost. As soon as the highbinders were
within the doors they drew their weapons
and began a fusillade. Pon Kue, who was
at the time burdened with a pack of fish
which he was carrying toward the front
of the store, was the first live mark for
the highbinders. Two shots were fired
Into his body and he dropped In his tracks.
The murderers next turned their atten
tion to Low Son. He was fairly riddled
with bullets, five shots having been tired
into him before the murderers looked for
other game.
There was a scattering of the other em
ployes at this juncture, but all dil not
escape. Leong Chew, while attempting to
cover himself behind a bulwark of boef,
was shot in the leg. Another Mongolian,
who was in the act of sweeping, nearly
received the "Quieting dose of lead." for
his broom handle was perforated with a
bullet. The shots made a rattling fire ami
brought a crowd on the streets, who col
lected about the store just in time to see
the murderers make their escape. With
their smoking weapons in their hands the
highbinders ran down Jackson street and
disappeared in the lodging-house No. 615.
Two of them were afterward seen to have
emerged from 600, a few doors below.
Devious Escape Necessary.
While the murder was undoubtedly
planned after the. shooting of Yue Hok,
Five Chinese Assassins Boldly Make an Early
Morning Assault, Fire a Fusillade of
Buliets and Escape.
* NOTHER ,of Mrs. Craven-Fair's
l\ star witnesses told her story yea
/ I terday and made her donation of
f I testimony to the mass of evidence
X "*" the alleged widow, of Senator Fair
la trying to pile up In support of her
claim to a family allowance from the es
tate of the dead millionaire.
Mrs. Martraret Stephenson Cosack was
the attraction In the day's proceedings
before Judge Troutt. She Is a nurse by
profession and when she is not engaged
in that line "she "dabbles" In mining
stocks. She cared for Mrs. Craven when
the' latter was sick In August and Sep
tember, 1891, at the Colonial Hotel. She
testified that Senator Fair called almost
daily to see her patient and left handfuls
of gold to supply delicacies for the sick
room.
Did Not Admit His Authority.
On one of these occasions, after .Mrs.
Craven had made her will the Senator
took Mrs. Cosack to task for allowing
such a thing to occur.
"He told me I was the nurse In charge
and had no right to allow Mrs. Craven to
make her will," testified Mrs. Cosack. "I
was not accustomed to being addressed
In that way and told him I did not recog
nize his authority in the matter. He re
plied that the patient was his betrothed
wife and he had to look out for her, and
turning to Mrs. Craven he said: 'Isn t
that so, my dearie?"
"Later, while I was at the Mission
Grammar School visiting Mrs. Craven the
Senator called. I asked when the mar
riage was coming off and he said. Ask
my wife." Mrs. Craven . drew a paper
from her bosom and passed it to the Sen
ator, who In turn handed it to me. I
asked if It was the marriage certificate
and the Senator replied that it was their
marriage contract. I thought it was a
strange way for a Scotch Presbyterian to
get married and told them so. Fair gave
Two Pork Merchants Shot to Death While
Opening Their Store.
MURDER CLAIMS TWO MORE VICTIMS
IN HIGHBINDER WAR IN CHINATOWN
THE BAST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 6, 1900.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURE OF . OONORRHOKA.
O'.eeta, Strictures and aoaiosoaa com-
plaints of the Organ* of Grnaratloo.
. Prio* tl a bottl*. For sal* by drugrtita.
12