put me Into It th» \^*
the ends of the bag 1 . •' jtaC 1
screwed on the top. ?
The weights l ; were
Atlas, must , have;
felt with the burden of the world upon
his shoulders; that ... 300 pounds, even
when partially supported against the lad
der, f<Ht like as many tons. With the as
sistance of the captain I was launched
out on the rungs of the ladder and re
ceived another. Installment of lead. ¦ Then
they Initiated me Into rthe code of signals,
and when everything was ready I essayed
to walk down the ladder, taking twenty-
five-pound steps. I _ only : took one. ' That
landed me in the water. \
The suit had been Inflated. too much and
the three hundred pounds, wouldn't sink.
After floating around ,on the top ,of the
water for a few minutes— l doubt much to
the entertainment: of .the gentlemen, on
board the Lottie— they. hauled: me up and
started me over again, with less air and
more success.
f // ll y -'¦ "The ebb* a begin
ry up ¦ or the icur
rent'll be too strong
-^ - /'-.:• There was a sound
;M ot gurglln g air and
. . ' ~ - - .".!**¦¦! •-, * .'. .. \. ' . . •ront ' or* LiiG' II lxi 6 :
¦windows lnUhehelmet,' ; then a ringing In.
my ears that- grew: deafening,; but not ,
much feeling of fear. There "was ! plenty
of .room, plenty of air,- and, the. little win
dows might have been, glazed glass, if I
hadn't known It, Instead of plain : glass
with, the Sah Francisco Bay all around.
Altogether the s big suit , was ¦' snug and
cozy, and It: was 'hard, to: realize that* I
was under water. Just at first, when the!
ringing: In my ears began, there
was that feeling that, one expe
riences when one dreams of falling;
and again upon touching the bottom it
was light, like the way one drops to the
ground In n dream.
The depth of the bay at that particular
portion was about forty feet, and there
must have been a strong outgoing Ude,
for I could feel myself floating away.fiom
the perpendicular. In a few momenta I
felt something beneath. my feet, and the
ringing in my tars stopped. \ I was on the
bottom, and the ringing had ceased with
the '.unlf ormit y of pressure on coming to
a standstill. The windows had grown
darker with the descent, and there were
only. outlines visible. Something big and
black loomed '.up beside me, and I was at
a' loss to know whether It was the hull
of a lost ship or a whale. It seemed sta
tionary; and upon reaching out my hand
I discovered it to.be a rock. Cautiously I
stooped over and touched the ground with
my hands, which were free at the wrists.
The bottom was also rock; . there . was
nothing to be picked up, not even a bit
of sand, and I had counted on an oyster
with a pearl. I grew bolder and took a
step forward. Ihe big shoes, that 1 had
not been able to move unassisted on beard
the boat, seemed fairly to jump up in the
water.
:."The fairy tale giant -with the seven-
iMfm boots earn* to my nrfrt<s.
Coming down I had determined on a sub
terranean constitutional, but after two <->r
three steps around I began to feel a llttl*
uncertain and the breathing wua difficult.
I feared to pull on the air tube for morn
air, because the natural Inference of tha
men at the line would be that I had lost
my head and was trying to get them to
draw me up. So I stood Btill until tha
breathing was easier. Something allva
wriggled under my foot, shaking the big
boot, which seemed as buoyant as a cork.
Down there the floor of the bay runs In
rocky strata. I learned this from looking
at the models of the soundings, not from
personal observation, and the strata run
In a circle around the rock, forming a
kind of merry-go-round for the seals.
I am Inclined to think I came In touch
with one of the merrymakers: something
•wished by me and something wlggly
touched my hand. I began to feel the
presence of sea monsters — the sort of
thing one sees In Chinese literature and
In the comlo almanacs, together with
crooked lamp posts and a dozen keyholes.
The breathing grew a little harder and I
thought how easy It would be to smother.
Before I had not realized my position and
Just what depended upon that llttla ma
chine above, as well as the watchfulness
of the men. I reached for the air tub*
and gave a little tug on the rubber ho»e—
the signal for more air. It came In abund
ance, but I felt myself being lifted. They,
were hauling me up.
Up. up I went, thd little window* grow
ing lighter, and that deafening ringing In.
my ears again. Something alive scurried
In front of the llttla window, then thera
was a glare of light and a roar, then my
head popped out of the water and I began
to get heavy again— hopelessly and help
lessly heavy.
They dragged me up the ladder and took
off the helmet. Though there were hearty
plaudits I did not respond to the encore.
When it was all over with I began to get
frightened and to realize how much con
fidence I had placed In the sure hand of
the man at the lines, the workmen at the
pump and In the little apparatus Itself.
If that pumping machine had got out of
order, or If the air. hose had been punc
tured, or the man had misunderstood tha
signal— but none of those things had hap
pened. i-
In reality I was some ten minutes under
water, though the time seemed but a few
moments, and there had been some forty
three feet of line let out.
As they unbuckled the shoes for me and
took off the weights there came a signal
from the barge to look out— they were
going to shoot off a blast. There was a
strangled roar and the water came surg
ing out to the boat in Big waves.
"If you'd been down there when that
went off." said Mr. Axman. "I think you
would have known there was something
happening." The concussion In the water
was so violent that it would have been
Instantaneous death, though there was
not the slightest disturbance of the air.
"There was nearly 200 pounds of powder
In that shot." said Mr. Streets.
"Guess they'll have • to keep pegging
away with shots like that till they chip It
air off," added some one else. "A llttl»
thing like that doean't fease that rock ta
any extent."
"How do you get the powder to ignlta
under the water?" I asked.
"We use a kind of powder that th«
water does not affect and explode It by a
jar which we bring about through the us«
of electric wires." said Mr. Streets. "Th«
holes are made In the rock under watei
by drilling through a cylinder or pipe, and
when the hole is deep enough we send th«
powder down through the pipe, attach th«
exploding apparatus and turn en the cur«
rent. The powder Is a special kind mad«
by the powder company for us and comet
in the form of a jelly so compact that th«
water is not absorbed by it."
"And what la the average size of tin
blasts?"
By Man Byxbse.
I *jp? NO on to the guide rope and don't
/• '\ loso your "cad." Thoee wer» the
it — \ !a?t words I heard, then they
popped the helmet over my head.
ivsr.g me off the ladder and down I went
to the bottom of the bay.
Through the courtesy of Mr. Axman and
Mr. Streets, superintendents of the Gov
ernment work going on at Shag Hock. I
hud been given permission to go down In
the diving suit, end Captain Flanders of
the tug Lottie had allowed me a place
beelde hlsj In his little pilot-house.
When the Lottie steamed up and sidled
In beside the big floating barge which
•erves as hotel and storehouse for the
twenty-two men at work drilling and
blasting the rock, the men threw a big
rope o^er a wooden post of the barge and
proceeded to unload a lot of pro
visions and tobacco. On the barge
the cook was getting breakfast;
there was a reassuring odor of cof
fee and ham and a fine perspective view
of a row of pies made ready for lunch.
That was In one end of the float. The
center was taken up \ with the big boiler ¦
which supplies the steam for the drilling.
On the other end and all around the sides
were the bunks where the men deep and
stacks of ropes and tools. I was ad-,
znonlshed to eat lots of breakfast by way
of a stimulant, but was warned against
the cook's biscuits. "There are 300 pounds
of lead on that diving suit already," said
the captain, and the cook looked resentful.
(Presently there was a big boom, a
ecurry of gulls and a rocking of the barge.
They had set off a blast. . Other than a
violent agitation of the water there did
not seem to be much visible effect. The
Old rock stood as firm and exhibited aa
little Inclination to "fly" as did the one
against whose base Roderick Dhu placed
his defiant chieftain foot.
*'31ess me," said Mr. Axman, "It would
take all the powder In Christendom to
blow that ui>."
The m«n climbed out on the derrick ax
rar.gem«-i;t air;iin and went to work on
the drills. The superintendents began
giving orders and taking down lists of
things needed from the shore. The cook
appeared at the door with a plate of left
over scraps of food.
"Want to iwe my poultry?" asked the
old fellow, £-ml!!ns. as he tossed It over
board.
There was a v.hirr of wings and a flock
of seagulls clucked down from the derrick,
skimming the water and picking up the
bits of food. On another point that jutted
out from the crater there was an assem
blage of scraggy-looking black fowls,
holding an animated session.
"TlK'in's shaßs." volunteered a sailor.
"That's why they call this Shag Rock.
They've been roostin' here and ( holdln'
their confabs ever since the year o' 1, and
I reckon they don't like it much seeln' us
bl';\vi:/ uv ihe rock up."
Perhaps be was right, but the shags did
not seem to know what to do about it.
The discomfiture of the black fowls is
probably the necessary "evil Involved In
the "white man's burden" In this case.
YViif-n tho*e rocks are all out of the way,
with their menace to the safety of Fhips
«nd boats, the shags will be banished to
Al< atraz or will have to emigrate alto
gether.
At 10 o'clock the Lottie, with the diver
and his assistants, together with his ap
paiutus and his pupil on board, Steamed
round to the other side of the ro<k. An
emhor had been lost and the diver W£.s
going down in search of It. taking advan
tage of tin calm between the tides. They
liiseoed a buoy, dropped anchor and made
the tug firm. X»ext they got out a bis
canvas armrifri merit and the diver sot in
elde of it- Then they put the bfeastplate
on him. and the way they sounded arouna
to ccc If everything was safe and their
eerious faces must have made the diver
feel a little squeamish. He eat down on
a coil of rope while they buckled on Ms
shoes, each one weighing some twenty
five pounds on account of the leaden soles.'
When everything was ready and the aJr
pump going properly he dragged It all.
with himself Inside of It, around to whero
the three steps of the ladder led down to
the water. Laboriously he swung him
¦ elf oat on the ladder and leaned over
while they Buckled another hundred
pounds of weight on his body. Then they
tied ropes around him, coiled the air tube
round his arm and secured It, arranged
the guide line, tested the air pumps,
screwed on the helmet and then dropped
him off into the water. The big canvas
rubber bag was inflated, and ' the three
hundred pounds of weight was not more
than enough to sink the diver pioperly.
The canvas Inflated and swelled cut into
the semblance of a gigantic man, there
was a swish of escaping air and then a
bubbling and he disappeared. Every one
was silent.
After a few minutes under the water
there came a tug at the air tube, the Big
nal for more air.
"Give him all the air you can," yelled
the man at the ropes to the two ut the
pump, and the machine whirred noisily.
Some ten minutes elapsed, the bubblcj
appearing in a little trail, marking the
subterranean course of the man below.
Then came the signal on the guideline to
haul up. The copper helmet with Its lit
tle glass windows presently popped out of
the water and the diver scrambled up the
ladder, announcing that the lost anchor
was nowhere in the vicinity and that they
would have to sound somewhere else. The,
sounding was not to be made until the
afternoon, so the captain nodded his bead
to me and said "Next."
It waa aomethias ol .*. mlaflt, bat thtj
Continued on Pago Fly*.
Sunday Call
NOVEL EXPERIENCE OF
PLUCKY SUNDAY CALL REPORTERUnder these trying circumstances Mr.
Woodruff trimmed his bails so carefully
that he was able to retain the favor of
both parties, while siding with neither
one. As Park Commissioner, he appoint
ed mm to such positions as were within
his gift from both branches of the Re
publican political family. When the con
vention was held Mr. Woodruff had the
support of the entire Kings County dele-
Kation. and his influence In the conven
tion was sufficient to bring him the nom
ination. " - ".-".*"
Again, in IS9S, the political situation was
one that old campaigners would describe
as ticklish for Mr. Woodruff. He had
served his term as Lieutenant Governor
and he joined forces with Governor
Black to secure a renomination. It
was on the cards, however, that
Black should give way before the
hero of San Juan. Under these cir
cumstances It seemed certain that the
As a matter of fact, Mr. Woodruff has
been very successful in realizing his po
litical ambitions. Usually he has been
able to get what he wanted, and he has
walked in safely along the thorny road
of factional strife where older men and
politicians with preatT reputation for
astuteness have met their undoing. Mr.
Woodruff first dabbled in politics back In
ISSI. In the Urooklyn Mayoralty cam
paign of 'hat year and also In ISS3 he
was a. member of the executive commit
tee of the Young Republican Club, an or
ganization which enthusiastically sup
ported Seth Low and helped him to be
elected Mayor of Brooklyn. In JS£5 he
was a dclepate to the Republican State
Convention, and in IS.SS he sat in the con
vention which nominated Benjamin Har
rison for the Presidency. In the follow
ing year he became a member of the Re
publican State Committee, and since that
t!m» ho has been prominently and con
tinuously connected with the administra
tion of party affairs.
It was not until Mr. Woodruff had done
his full share of work as wheel horse and
leader in the party ranks that he per
mitted himself to ask for office. Then he
modestly suggested that he would like
to be a Park Commissioner, and he was
appointed. It was during hiß incumben
cy In this office that his boom for Lieu
tenant Governor was started. Those who
consider Mr. Woodruff's nomination on
the. ticket with Frank S. Black an acci
dent do not understand the political con-
There Need Be No More Deaf Mures
DEAF mutes will soon be a thing of
th« past. Deaf they may be always,
but mute no longer, for science has
at last discovered a method by
¦which so-called mutes are taught to speak
Rnd to quickly understand the spoken lan
puage. When the entire world was startled
and gladdened a few years ago by the
marvels which human beings had worked
In the life of a deaf, dumb and blind girl
It was little thought that within a very
phort time It would be made possible for
all the dumb to be taught to speak plainly
end distinctly.
Philadelphia has the distinction of being
the first city In the country with a home
for the training in speech of deaf children,
which tha legislative body of the State
has recognized as worthy Its moral and
financial attention. At Belmont and Mon
ument avenues, in the Quaker City, the
home has been the scene of surprising re
eultf.
It is an Indisputable fact that the finger
motion method which deaf and dumb In
dividuals usually employ In making them-
selves understood to each other carries^
with it a certain uncanny apprehension;
on the part of those who are witnesses toy
the silent conversation which is the forte/
of the unfortunates to whom speech ls^
foreign. When I called at the home the£
other day I did not know that all these/
marvels had .been worked, and for tenV
minutes 1 carried on conversation with/
children who seemed very intelligent, but^
all of whom seemed to have a sore throat^
or something of that sort, for it was -a?
noticeable fact that when they spoke their/
voices sounded very much like the sounds \
emitted by a phonograph, only sharper
and clearer and more in monotone than
anything else.
I became a little nervous when I noticed
how the little eyes of all present seemed
to be all the time focused on my features,
which were not so particularly pleasing
nor so greatly favoring a monstrosity as
to call for all of this peculiar attention,
but It was explained later when it became
known that the children spoken to and
speaking were what were previously
THE SUNDAY CALL.
TIMOTHY L. WOODRUFF, THE MAN WHO MAY BECOME THE NEXT VICE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
-
dit'ons v.hlch prevailed In Brooklyn at
the time. The Republican party In that
c'.ty was then di\-ided into two sections,
which fought each other steadily. One
of these factions was led by Jacob Worth,
while the other was under the direction
of ex -Congressman Willis. They fought
<:-ach other bitterly and consistently, and
th«re setir.ed little hope of bringing theni
together; and yet without a solid delega
tion from his own county behind him no
man could hope to win the nomination. >
ONE of the most Interesting figures !».
the political arena at the present
tlmo is Timothy L. Woodruff. Lieu
tenant Governor of the State of
N<-».- York and avowed candidate for the
V!c* Presidential nomination on the Re
publican rational ticket. Politicians gen
erally consider :t a foregone conclusion
that the opposing candidates for President
will be the name as in 183 S. and this fact
lends unusual Interest tv the question of
the men for the second place. Further
more, it is considered likely that the Re
publican candidate for the Vice Presi
dency will lie a citizni of New York. Many
prom!r.«:it Ntw Yorkers have bt=*n men
tioned for the place, but the Lieutenant
Governor la thus far the only one who has
evinced a willingness to expose himself
to the Vice Presidential lightning.
Woodruff is an <. Jaellent example of th<j
man who has struggled to political power
smd preferment against great odds. Many
Americans have ri^en to foremost places
In th»> service of their country in spite of
a lack of education, in syiie of poverty
or an unprepossessing personal appear
ance. Mr. Woodruff had none of thes'i
obstacles to contend against. H*> has
wealth and education, hosts of friends ami
a r*ady and skillful tongue. His difficulty
Is of another sort. It is summod up in on<?
word — waistcoats. Jf Woodruff ever be
comes Vice President of the United State 3
It will be In spite of— or possibly because
of— th<» fact that he possesses the most
extensive and variegated \ rray of colored
waistcoats of any promlr.»nt man in the
country.
THESE REPRODUCTIONS OF PHOTOGRAPHS SHOW HOW 0 DEAF MUTE SAYS H CflNTflLlC."
2
Lieutenant Governor would share his fate,
but such was not the case- Woodruff
supported Black loyally both before and
during tho convention, but when Roose
velt had been nominated he turned. his
attention to saving his own position, and
his personal influence with the members
of tho convention was sufficient to do so,
although his nomination violated the rules
of precedent and the geographical re
quirements usually observed In the selec
tion of candidates. A man who Is able
to manipulate a political convention to his
own interests in this manner certainly
has some claim to distinction other than
Lieutenant Governor Woodruff's Wife Is His Most Valuable
Political Ally.
THE wife of Lieutenant Governor
Woodruf* is one of the very few
American women who take an active
part In helping their husbands to re
alize cherished political ambitions. It is
a curious fact that, although the United
States is the country in which women
have the best prospect of acquiring the
right to vote and to hold ofilec few Ameri
can women are interested in politics. The
wives of candidates for office seldom take
any active part in their husbands' work.
I When Mr. Woodruff first aspired to be
the leader of the Brooklyn Republicans
I Mrs. Woodruff. It Is said, suggested the
'novel method of holding a series of pollt
'ical dinners, at which the. party workers
,of high or low degree should be present.
Mrs. Woodruff herself presided at these
)affalrs and charmed the local politicians
who attended them by her tact and grace
ful attentions. She was able to talk poli
tics in a way that showed an intelligent
study of the situation, and she exercised
>all the nrt of a skilled hostess in making
her visitors feel' at ease. Opponents of
l Mr.' Woodruff referred sarcastically to
(these affairs as "pink teas," but they were
largely instrumental In securing for him
)the nomination for Lieutenant Governor.
Mrs. Woodruff's intere3t In . politics
dates back to the time wnen she was
Mies Cora Kastman. Her father was the
lat«: H.tG. Eastman, at onn time Mayor
of Poughkeepsie, and a man of prom
inence In the political affairs of that < ity#
In her girlhood she was accustomed to
seeing politicians meet at her father's
housf for conference and discussion, and,
it is likely that these assemblages K'-ive
her the idea which later on crystallized
in the "pink teas" and '"harmony din
ners."
Notwithstanding her interest in political
affairs. Mrs. Woodruff is not an "ad
vanced" woman, as the term is oidlnarily
understood. She is domestic In her tastes
and finds the center of her interests In
her . homo. Lest year she declined tho
presidency of the Woman's Republican
League, and she Is not what Is known as
a club woman.
Mr. and Mrs. Woodruff are remarka
blyfcongenial in their tastes. They are
equally fond of, .outdoor sports— driving,
bicycling and golf. They both delight in
entertaining at their home in Eighth ave
nue, Brooklyn, which Mrs. Woodruff has
made one of the most attractive in the
city. Her particular pride is the music
room, a long apartment furnished in!
Bree:i and red. This apartment and the j
adjoining dining-room. ' with Its oak
panels and .white 'enamel furnishings,
liavc been the scene of many brilliant and
fashionable gatherings. They have been
the s»c<')u- of other gatherings, perhaps
less brilliant, but equally important, at
which, under the skillful -management of
Mrs. Woodruff, most of the booms which *
have lifted the present" Lieutenant Gover
nor from one to another important politi
cal position have been set in motion." ;
Mrs. Woodruff '. and her husband aref
among the prominent members of the a
Memorial Presbyterian Church in Brook- y
lyn.. She is deeply interested in church/)
aflalrs as well as in society, athletics*'
and politics. She is a slight woman, with v
dark hair and eyes and a charming man- a
ner.; ; • V
Washington society has come to look A
to the Vice President and his wife to giveK
social distinction to each succeeding ad-V
ministration. If Mr. Woodruff realize*/^
his ambition to become the next Vice K
President there Is small doubt that MsQ
talented wife will be able to equal the x
social success of any rievious loder ofvr
ufiii.ial society.-. \A
called deaf-mutes, and that it was neces
sary for them to watch my lips in order
that they might understand what I was
saying
The school in Philadelphia is filled with
bright appearing boys and girls of ages
ip.nglng from »6 to 12 years. The pfioto
graphs reproduced with this article show
the method b>l which the art of speech is
taught the children. The maid who. posed
for the camera is, or was, a deaf-mute,
and her name is Ar.na d'Angells, a niece
of a famous comic opera singer, Jeff
d'Angells. She was born deaf, but Is now
one of the brightest girls In the school.
The photographs show the different posi
tions of the lips and tongue. while. Anna
d'Angells was uttering one sentence. Miss
Renhardt" asked the girl* what sentence
she. would like to say. and have It photo
graphed, and she replied very distinctly,
"I can talk." -'
The elementary syllables of this short
sentence were caught in five exposures
before the camera. Following the photo
graphic • reproductions closely it will be
seen that while each syllable carries a dis
tinct mark several bear a rather close re
semblance.
The elements of which the word "I" Is
composed consist of the 1 and the c. The
mouth assumes a half-oval shape as ; th«
first. half of the word is spoken. Then tha
that conferred by the wearing of many
bued waistcoats.
¦In addition to his, predilection for many
colored- waistcoats .Mr. Woodruff ; has
bee n_ compelled to " ' struggle against v one'
otliet. disadvantage In his political ascent
r-that Is, his youthful appearance. Some-,
body- has said that In politics there Is no
crime to equal thatof being young. Mr.
Woodruff long since, arrived at maturity,
but in spite of tbo fact that he has a
grown up son in Yale he retains his boy
ish manner and expression. '
Certainly. Mr. Woodruff possesses tho
qualities that make a man personally pop
ular among his fellows. Is not an im
pressive figure In point of stature, for he
stands only five feet seven Jnehes. What
he lacks In height is made up in girth.
He presents -a peculiarly rotund appear
ance,' and his weight Is ISS pounds, from
which it may be surmised that he amply
fills the one chief requirement of a suc
cessful waistcoat. model. His face is in
variably smiling and good natured: his
manner is genial and hearty: he puts o:i
no airs, and will entertain a ward delega
tion as carefully as he will a national com
mittee. He has a confidential manner in
talking to a man, and can ask for his vot9
in an ingenuous, of-course-you-will-do-it
way that is not easy to refuse. In splto
of the hated appellation of "dude" and
"society man," Mr. Woodruff has been
able to win his way .with all classes of
voters and politicians, and that Is no small
achievement In American politics.
It may be that Mr. Woodruff inherited
his liking for politics. His father. John
Woodruff,, represented the New Haven
(Conn.) district in Congress at the time
when the present Lieutenant Governor
was born. In 1353. When the youngster
wan seven years old both his parent* died,
and he was brought up. under the direc
tion of a wealthy: uncle. Franklin Wood
ruff. He was sent % through Phillips .Exe- ;
ter Academy.i and 'graduated from T/i'«
In 1873 Then? he took a brief course In
Eastman College. Poughkeepale, beforo
beginning his business career. ¦
Whatever else this business coursa'may
have done for Mr. Woodruff, It led to his
meeting the girl he afterward married—
Miss Cora Eastman, daughter of th«
founder of the college.
In ISSI Mr. Woodruff entered th« flna
of Nash, Whlton & Co., now th« Worces
ter Salt Company, of which be- remains
the treasurer. But he did not confine
his Interests to this one concern, and
soon branched out in several directions.
He became a director of the Brooklyn
Warehouse Company, the Kings County,
Hamilton and Manufacturers' Trust com
panies, of the Merchants' Exchange Bank
and the Co-operative Bulldinjr Bank. In
ISS9 he became one of the. proprietors of &
patent malt preparation.
Mr. Woodruff's greatest enthusiasm has
been in promoting the good roads move
ment. His Interest In the subject was
aroused, no doubt, by his fondness for the
bicycle. It is an interesting commentary
<5n the man's naturalness and lack of
affectation that during his first term as
Lieutenant Governor he consented to act
as marshal of a great bicycle parade at
the head of the procession, and when he
was singled out by the Judges to receive
the prize for the best appearing rider la
the line he seemed more pleased over the
honor than he had over his elevation ta
the second office In the Empire State.
)llps draw together, the tongue wedges in
.between and the "I" is there. Of course,
'as the child spoke it before the camera
a trifle more care had to be exercised than
'when the ordinary conversation was car
)ried on. But the demonstration of the
method was entirely successful as far aa
Khe first word was concerned.'
\ "'Can* is a difficult expression to di
vide." As the girl spoke the mouth
Jshaped itself in a peculiar . fashion, the
tongue went toward the roof of the mouth
land 'the half-hissing sound which Issued
, was produced by the obstruction of the
organ of speech. The second part of
¦'."can" brought the tongue directly down
ward, but a slight difference was observed
from the position In the first word. '
In "talk," which was best illustrated, by
one exposure, a circlelike ¦ movement cf
the lips seemed, to. swell. out the word at
once. From the throat the vowel super
seded the more lisping consonant, which
only lasted the; fraction of a second, to ap
pear again as'the mouth closed.
In saying that Anna gained "her faculty
of speech," the expression la mad© nse oJ
advisedly, sine© Miss Garrett. th« head of
the home, said that a child Is not "dumb."
but simply has .tho organ of speech para
lyzed. To restore the organ by careful
training 1 a sort of massage of the- muscles
of the mouth Is. therefore, ono of the pur
poses of the home.
The purpose of the Institution is In a
measure to perfect the * children • befora
schooKage and then send them to tho or
dinary, schools. To have done this years
ago would have jeer Art an Impossibility,
almost. The first Intimation which the
medical world had of the method advo
cated by Miss Garrett was in ISS6. when
Emma and Mary S. Garrett Issued a
pamphlet entitled "Directions to Parents
of Deaf Children for Their Treatment in
Infancy in Order that They May Learn
Speech and Lip Reading." T>he paper was
read before the Medical Society of Penn
sjKania and attracted considerable at
tention. It was nearly six years later,
however before the first home was mads
ready. On February 1. 1532. the Garrett
sisters began the actual work, the horn*
becoming a State institution In 1593.Local Artists Paint Picturesque San Francisco
THE STTND A Y CALI*
3
HE Bohemian Club, which
•JL has become a popular means
of showing works of our
local painters, is also diverting the
trend of fashionable taste into an
appreciation of local subjects.
TKe spirit of distance lends en
chantment to the view had until the
past few years not only influenced
the art buyer to patronize foreign
artists, but it bezvitched him with. a
love of foreign scenes. There is
cause for devout thankfulness inthe
fact that a reaction Has set in. San
Francisco is at last becoming pat- -
riotic in its admiration of : the pic
turesque peninsula. There is no
community where nature has ever
offered a better field for art.
"I am becoming more and more
impressed, with the color relation
which exists between the sagebrush
and the sand," says Amadee Joul
lin. "Round about San Francisco
you can find every tint of sand from
brilliant white to deep yellow. I am
particularly fond of the iridescent
sands of Alameda. The exquisite
combination of silvery tinged grass
with here and there a rich brown
vine gives the keynote to the scheme
H. J. Breuer is in London now,
*md has never found anything so*
fair as old California with her red
brown hills. Fisherman's Cottage
on North Beach was one of Mr. -
Breuer's favorite haunts.
Joseph Greenebaum delights in
the colors of Chinatown, and thinks
nothing can equal them in Oriental
splendor..
John Stanton prefers above all
other things "a day on -the beach/*
"The crowds are exhilarating,"
says Mr. Stanton. "There is life,
animation and color. What more
can an artist desire ?" W.h-'t
"What can surpass the poetry of
¦ Strawberry Hill on a_fbggy morn-^:
ing, or a group; of Seucafyptus 'tnestf'
in the desert f" Cadenasso exclaims.
M.Strauss seeks the deep shade
of the bay trees to place on his can
vas, and CD. Robinson revels in t
the mysteries of our marines, and
declares that the poetry of color that
fills our harbor is the fog. .and she "couldn't bear to nun . ..
his feelings." Brown did not epeah.
on the Eubject of the bicycle at breakfast
or luncheon next day, but it was with an
expression that would have done him
credit at his mistress' funeral that .he
opened the door of the drawing-room at
about 3:30 o'clock In the afternoon and an
nounced in sepulchral tones:
."Miss Manlsty and Mr. Cecil Manlsty."
It was a brisk- looking girl, and a boy
in bicycling thing* who were thus ush-*
ered in. and the g!rl flung herself upon
Miss Feltram witft effusion. Miss Felt
ram was very popular with her neigh
bors, young and old. But that liveliness
which was one of her charms was con
spicuous rather by its absence as she
answered her young visitors' eager ques-
IP^ tlODfl. «...
¦F^^ "We 11, IV
, It has ar- "Won't
rived." she " yon c ~
- hmv -,t, t Ba!d "lowly. "Well, really I
elm. i« ?" . "w cc - n U yet> Kl "y. It only
cv*n O ",,« onit . l|n , e ». n to say that U l 8 not "
«Why rT kedl sald Cecll Manlsty.
Xfio. v *. th ?°Kht . you were no end keen.
Miss Feltram.. Come, and let's get it out."
t An nlert • young: . groom, however, had
seen to the . unpacking of the new ma- :
chine, and aa he wheeled It" out* spick and
span and shining: "It's ripping!" pro- ¦
nounced % Cecil. "Come along. Miss Felt
ram!" "" - - ' :
jMlss Feltram paused suddenly."
"You don't mean me to try here, Cecil?"
ehe said, and 'she glanced - Involuntarily
at the house. _ i ¦ c J „ , •
"I've wanted you all these fifteen years,"" he said.
"Won't you cor^e to rr>e at last?" ;
"Rather!" responded the> boy cheer
fully. "Couldn't have a better place.". ;
But Kitty Manlsty was quicker than her
brother. KWftSSSIISS^i I '^-.-'^
"The Long Walk would bo ever so much
better, Cecil," she said. "It's so straight,
don't you know." v ..
'She took the bicycle and, wheeled.lt
> away,; followed by her brother loudly, pro
: testing and by Miss Feltram ' silently
• grateful.
.Miss Feltram had an i lnward trembling
'sense of the near presence of Brown. His
disapproval Beemed' to cloud the bright
new plating before her eyes.'
... Was bicycling really suitable to her age
and position? She had argued "the: point
take place let them, talc* place under his eye, he
r. thought. Also, his whole soul was full of bitter
ness at having his remonstrance thus set aside* and
he . felt he could not possess it in patience In the
pantry. He honestly adored Miss Dot from the
depths of a grim and faithful old heart, and he
honestly thought bicycling entirely degratory to her
. dignity.
I*6 spectacle before him certainly lent color to
his view. Th» man or woman whose first attempt
at bicycling shall be dignified has yet to be born.
Miss Feltram went through all the usual humilia
tions. " She wis pushed up on one side," pulled up
on the other. She swayed hither and thither. with
Kitty Manlsty clutching at the gathers of her skirt
and finally, after much indecision as to which side
phe should fall off, she, cast herself into Cecil Man-
Jsty's arms with a fervor not warranted • by their
•very «>ay relations. Brown's groan on beholding
thl« was s.UU echoing in the passage when . Den
ton's voice said innocently ever ; his shoulder: ; >:
"Well, Mr. Brown, seems to mo your say ain't
what it .was: I s'pose you had it about the bicy
cle? How's Miss Feltram getting on? Tou'll ex
cuse me mentioning It, but your front door
A bell's ringing— second time, too."
\, If there was one thing Brown prided himself
upon more than another it was that no one
IV ever waited at the door of Feltram Court, and
•^Denton knew It. He went off growling as
\she disappeared chuckling. He flung open
tthe door- with an accentuation of his usual
& style, and then the growl was succeeded
1 by something like a gasp.
f "Mr. Richard Manisty?"
It was Brown who asked the question.
h -The visitor smiled.
"Colonel Manisty,". he said; "Is ,Mlss
H Feltram at home?"
3» What Brown said he did not know, but
he murmured \ something as he took the
'v-f-i.v.vißltor into the drawing-room.' -The result
xnm . »we heard of your splendid do
iiNllilii
which Kitty Manlsty and her brother
JoTneS eagerly, seemed quite to restore Hto
Miss Feltram her normal manner She
moved and spoke like »-*">«*» JJ n h *
dream. Like a woman In a £•»»•*"
visitors being gone, she went to her own
room: like a woman In a dream she waa
sitting with her chin resting on her hand
when Brown appeared with coffee after
Brown considered his mistress atten
tively under pretense of waiting for her
cup, and then seemed to think better of
an inclination to speak, and betook him
self to his pantry. By 10 o'clock all . hi*
work. there waa done, even to the- final
chastening of the most Inferior subordl
•nate, and he was sitting by the Ore.; *i<*
was a great reader In a patronizing »ort
of way, and had been known to allow
that Shakespeare was "quite lnterestln
to the mind, in parts," but no book, inter
: estlng or otherwise, filled hia thought* to
. nltrht.'gjraiplfißß . ¦
"So you knew Colonel Manlsty before,
did you. Mr. Brown?" Denton had In
quired at supper time. Brown had let
fall earlier in the evening some word* to
that effect in the presence of what he gen
erally stigmatized as "that giggling set of
women"— his fellow servants. Brown
growled an affirmative. Denton was young
and quick-witted, and she drew & bow at
a venture.
0f this murmur was that Miss F«ltram,
who, held by Kitty in front and Cecil be
¦ bind, was at last going gingerly down
the Long Walk, was thrown off her
I guard and her bicycle together, by a
Q * solemn voice • from behind her.
W . "Am Ito understand, Mies Dot, as
f ( you are at home or not at home?"
With such a start as might have
C-- - be«n produced by an explosion In
\\ the neighborhood. Miss Feltram .
&\ regained her equilibrium. She
#3JJ\ - turned to Brown with a posl-
PkPvV tlvely guilty air which sat fun
gg^^V nl 'y enough upon her tall and
' : .;VB^ dignified person, and she •
, , "''W^ drew a step or- two away
i • ' , \gj^ from the bicycle as thougrh
}'..' ','". »t W disclaiming: connection with
•Y-. * ;**4 B It. "I'm— l'm at home,
g||&?|jjs»f ¦ " Brown," sh© said; "I— w«
'sie£s^&f if were Just romln^ to tea."
tiiiw&H I " l took the 1It "' rt J' of ln 
wiH^T^i ' quiring. Miss Dot," said
fj&fBsms Brown, with a rloom which
. can only be described as pur-
P&!mMw poseful, "because Colonel
':i<''i'P4j ¦ Manlsty has called."
*&p&M§ A little gasp broke from Miss
Feltram. and the flush with
?*£§s•?/ which she had confronted Brown
?: «^V faded very suddenly.
"Colonel Manlsty?" she said al
fki&l most blankly. Then she turned
'»W *° Kitty. "You didn't tell me that
WW ' y° ur uncle had come back," she
WZt cald. "I— l bad no Idea that he was
'Sfl expected."
:Jj »Mle wasn't." sal<l Kitty, carelessly.
jSj . . "Didn't vi-p toll you? No, we were
•Ij so full of the bitc«\ you see. He
«J& only turned up yesterday.
Telegraphed from South
fl^^JlS!^' ampton to .say that he
P||S?§|Sle^*V » pprhaps he'd rul» over
i^Vk^^^^^fc. Bnfl (ro tac ' X wltn us
* ' '^^V^IL 'itsiO^W. ftaiid as you are
' ¦ X'^L'^P^, corainf: in. Miss
•They were sweethearts, him and Via*
Feltram. I suppose?" aha said.
Brown feigned to be occupied with hi*
•upper for a moment, then he eald Tery
grimly:
"Whatever they ware, they won't be It
again. I ahall hay* a say In that, so I tell
you."
And It was the purpose conveyed In this
cryptlo remark that was engrossing
Brown'a mind now. .Fifteen years before
Colonel Mania ty had been plain. Mr. Rich
ard Manisty, and a younger son at Fer
ries, where his elder brother. Kitty and
Cecil's father, was master to-day. Fer
ries was two miles from Ftsltram Court,
and one summer, fifteen years before.
"Mr. Richard" had spent moat of his days
and hours at the. latter place. It was not
difficult to discover what brought him
there; Brown, as well as every one else.
knew well enough that he came to "see
Miss Dot." whatever his ostensible pre
texts might be.' Brown's queer old heart,
grim even in those days, thought no one
good enough for Mlsa Dot. lea3t of all "a
young lad with his work to do." So
Brown expressed the fact that Richard
Manlsty's career In the army was as yet
all before him. Suddenly there came a
day when "Mr. Richard's" comings and
goings ended. "When Brown learned that
he had "asked the master for Miss Dot."
and had been peremptorily refused by Mr.
Feltram on account of his youth, he felt
strongly If silently with his master, and
equally silently rejoiced greatly.
That was all In the past. To-day, to
Brown's mind, the whole situation had
reopened Itself and presented the old dif
ficulties. He forgot the passing of fifteen
years; he forgot the difference those yeari
had brought to both man and woman;
he forgot that his mistress was her own
mistress, too, now. nominally, at all
events, and he forgot most of all that the
whole affair did not concern him.
To him Colonel Maniaty was atlll tha
young man to whose suit Mr. Feltram
had objected, and M 133 Dot waa still a
girl— a 'girl with no father now to guide
her erring fancies aright.
He thought and thought, pondered and
pondered. The pantry lire cracked,
sighed, fell together and went out- Not
until it was black and dead did Brown
rise and lock up the sleeping house with
the air of one who has made up hta mind.
It was the afternoon of the next day
and Brown had brought his mistress some
letters. She took them, but he did not
move; he stood at about five pace* from
her quite still. Miss Feltram. surprised
at his unusual behavior, looked up. -. ¦'.*
••"••Well. Brown," she said, "do you wmnt
me?" - ';? \ "¦". • ¦ '
-¦ Brown's answer began with the phrase
which with him waa wont to be sur
charged with meaning. . . , . • -
' "Am I to understand," he said, "as Col
onel Manisty is making a long stay. Mis*
Dot?" : • : :-M
Miss Feltram stared at him In still
deeper surprise. "I don't know." *he
said. Her voice had an unusual cold
ness in Its tones. But coldness was as
nothing to Brown. . .
"I wished to " say. Miss Dot," *he
went on, "that Colonel Manisty Isn't
changed, .not In no important par
ticular, from what Mr. Richard
y Manisty was."
\ There was a certain significance
\ about Brown's tone, and Miss
M Feltram started slightly. Her
•'?»\ eyeDrows were drawn together
:"J-vV and she looked astonishingly
' 1\ ber father as she said very
¦ A haughtily: "Xo, Brown." ¦ :
\ * A Still Brown waa not to be
- V.\ daunted. "Am I to ¦ under
|p^M stand as Colonel tlanlsty will
tral be here much. Miss Dot?"
" S T^ he asked - "J* I may. say
- . -\ so, it's not what your
\l father would have wllshed,
- \\\ Miss Dot."
" •;:', *\ M!ss Feltram flushed
1_- ¦':'; \\ angrily and her eyes
i\ flashed.
:": "T r - > ,\"^. ' ' -\ "And havin* no one to
. \ i guide you but me. Miss
Dot." went on Brown,
before she could
speak. "I shouldn't
feel I'd done my duty
¦ If I didn't ¦warn you
against listening to
any gentleman as
my master disap
proved of."
Miss Felt ram
roxe. Her face
was as Brown
had never
It in all her life.
i * "Colonel Jlan
\ Isty'a comings
L\ and gol ns 3
,*\ can. never
-. \ concern you,
g|?\ Brown," ah^
t + . . - ¦ ¦ ilC Ii ¦ Bile
• had settled
sen yearsr he said.
V if was cer
'--- ... '•:,: ¦-'¦;. talnly quite
suitable she had found her, naturally .ten
der ¦ heart ; pierced ¦ by f ' another, qualm— was
' it kind ; to hurt i poor old j Brown's feelings
: for her, own pleasure," even if the ", action
itself was right ? Before she went to bed
I Bhe ; had ; nearly decided to give : it * all up.
Now, carried away by. the Impetuosity ol
. the i young. Manistys, she ; could ; only ' say
feebly, to herself that the Long .Walk was
'nearly out of sight of the house.*,
< Nearly, but . not quite. From a passage
•window . near - Brown's ,' pantry, part of ', 11
could be seen, and atthat window Brown,
-as his mistress and- her; guests ..wenfout,
had ; posted himself. He \ did s. this • with -a
vague; idea of facing -the .worst. : If ; pro
ceedings he entirely; disapp.rQXSfl/fil must
; up the Long "mil*, -with Kitty t>y her b!o>
chattering about her uncle's arrival. Miss
• Feltram did not speak a word, and dur
' Ing those two or three minutes a soft
1 color came to her; cheek and a strange
. shining to her eyes, which made her,; as
i she opened the drawing-room door, look
. little older In the eyes of the man who
i rose to meet her than she had looked
. when he had seen her last." fifteen years
• before. " She advanced and held out her
:; hand, saying simply:
"I am very glad to see you."
1 He was a handsome man, tall, soldierly,
' bronzed by ;maiiy years, of Indian suna.
1 His keen gray eyes looked for one instant
1 searchingly Into hers and then they sott
[ ened strangely.
"Thank i you," he said. "When I heard
•this girl and boy werecoming here this
• I afternoon I thought I might perhaps come
i over and go back with them."
¦ "I had no idea you were in England,"
> said Miss Feltram, as one who makes
: conversation. "Your. arrival was rather
sudden, Kitty tells me."
[JT* "The ..whole thing was rather sudden,"
)¦¦ he answered. "I found it could be man
!•¦ aged and I thought I'd come."
; "Are^axs.^vaa. strong?' 'gaffl Jft\f^ r e i-
B^!^| l^^'*-iV flash of old
jiT^^^^^^*^^^""^ that dictated
A ¦ the ' words, and
• i tns.same force was expressed In
i;\ every line of Miss FeltranVs.faca
f and figure as she swept out of
ft, , the open French window into the
r\ garden. Crimson and confused her
mouth ; qulverlng and her, heart beat
ing, she turned Into the drive. Cominc
up It and close to her was Colonel Man
hcr "° W Bre TOU? "- he sa l d as h « reached
She held out her hand with a curious
constraint, and the color that rushed
anew over her face made her very hand
some. Cononel Manlsty did not see the
constraint, but he saw the beauty
"You are surprised to see me. perhaps "
he, said. "But Kitty was talking about
another cycling lesson for you". She- ca£t
come over to-day and I thouEt ptrhToa
you would accept me as a substitute"
ills manner was very lrank nnH .i mn i.
cVnf Us ?on ed tO -¦¦ lnfre — M 133
ou^J^t^o^K^-th^
care about it. I-I thlak j £,V.S^l!
Cfl t e ni ' p ? a kk n c , 7 lth >owln ff " constraint.
ot : s^ri^ 111317 made * qUlck movement
will probably get on better with me frr a
Continued nn T>o».. 11
by Mary Angela Dick ens.
AH rights reserved.
n X local parentls^-that's what I am and
1 intend to be. Miss Dot's got no ore
g else— bless her— now. In—local—pa
rentis."
Brown made a pause between each word,
partly to Rive due force to each and part
ly because the Intervals were occupied
¦with the arrangement of a coffee pot and i
a cup upon their silver tray. He was a .
short spare man upon whom age «ecm«l
to have laid a shriveling rather thsn an
enfeebling touch. The fringe of hair that
purrour.dfd his non-committal baldness
was of that sandy hue over which time is I
more or less powerless. The deep lines,
•upon his face seemed to be mainly the re
sult of a preternatural solemnity .of ex
pression. His eyen were the watery blue of :
old age. but their glance. If slow, was as
shrewd as that of a young man.
"Lor", Mr.. Brown, what things you do
say:"
The comment came from Miss Feltram s '
maid, who was standing by Brown's r-nn
try fir*- Denton was a young woman,
who. as eh« phrased It, "enjoyed a little
chat."
"And what may that mean In English,
now?" she added. " 'Tlsn't English, by
the sound of It." .
"No." -\ ¦
Brown spoke with grim superiority. H« j
was at that moment making the coffee, a.
task he would give to no other hand.
"It's Latin," he went on as he put the
coffee pot down. "And It means— lt means
a deal; In especial it means I'm going to
let Miss Dot understand my mind about
this bicycle Jarres brought. I can't htve
Miss Dot bicycling: it's not a fit thing for
Miss Feltram to do: I won't have her go
bicycling out of Feltram Court, and that's
the fact."
Brown's was not the type of mind that
moves with the times. It held few ten
ets, but the firmest consisted of the the
sis that every invention to which the mini
of man had attained since he himself had
arrived at maturity was an Invention from
xrhich no good could possibly come. He
disapproved of the telegraph; he disbe
lieved la the telephone. He looked upon
en express train as a new-fangled crot
chet, and he «?garded a bicycle as a ma
chine calculated to wreck the very foun
dations of society.
"Won't you?" said Denton. laughing.
"You think you've a deal of a say with
Miss Feltram. Mr. Brown, you do."
"I have," said he, calmly, "And I mean
to have."
"She's as well lntentioned a mistress as
ever I wish to have," said Denton. "But
the meekest has a way of her own, end
you mark me, Mr. Brown, you won't have
your say forever; that's what I think."
Brown only answered this by a dissent
lent cough and the clatter of a cup. -;
Meanwhile Miss Feltram was sitting in
her own rather stately dining-room, which
had remained unchanged to all Intents anl
purposes, ever since she could remember.
She was Just a trifle nervous. It wa« not
easy to say how the fact betrayed itself,
for hers was not a physique which lent it
self readily to signs of discomposure.
She was a very handsome woman:
though she was nearly 37 there was no
touch of gray in her thick black hair. It
was drawn softly back from her forehead,
leaving only a few little curls to soften the
outline. In a way which • added to ! her
height and to the effect of dignity pro
duced by a very well shaped and well
poised head. She had particularly bright
dark eyes, a pleasant mouth always ready
to curve Into a smiltf. and a clear dark
complexion, against which the level line
of her eyebrows stood out with an effect
which gave an added character to J her
Jace.
The remains of a banana lay on her
p'.ate and she was carefully cutting It Into
small squares as if the fate of nations de
pended upon the accuracy of this action.
Ard herein, perhaps, lay the one sign of
the nervousness which culminated in a
slight start as the door opened. • "
Brown came up to his mistress, held
the tray while she poured out her coffee,
tthen put it on the table and withdrew a
step or two so that he stood facing her,
respectful, servant-like In every line of
his black-clad figure.
Miss Feltram began to play with her
teaspoon. Apparently she found matter
I for study in her own crest as displayed
thereon. .¦*»¦'¦•¦'
"Well. Brown," she said, at length, "la
there any news to-night?'.'
Br^wn shook his head. His natural
solemnity of demeanor was accentuated.
"Not that I'm aware of. Miss Dot," he
raid, and then he paused. The pause was
fu!l of portent.
Miss Feltram. eipped her coffee with de
liberation.
"Oh. by the by," she said with an as
sumption of having been struck by a sud
den thought which would not have de
ceived an ir.fant and obviously did not
deceive Brown, "has James come back
from the -station?"
"He have. Miss Dot." < ¦ "*
It v.-as only in moments of crisis that
Pr<mn's grammar was wont to fall. Miss
Feltram suddenly became aware of. an
Imaginary foreign body to be fished out
of her coiTee cup.
"Were there any parcels for me?" she."
affcod.
"There were sime seeds for the garden
er and there was a bicycle. I couldn't
hardly believe it. but It was addressed to
you. M!ss Dot." ,, v _ ;
J.lier. Feltram evMertly made a deter- .
mired effort to tcke the bull by the horn.t.
Fhe lifted her head and faced her old ser
vant. . ••."»'-»V
"Ah. yes," she said, "that's right. I'm
glad it's come. Did I tell you. Brown, I
can't remember, that I'm going to take to
bicycling? This is a capital time of year
to btgin. they tell me. The roads are so
rice and it won't be too hot tor a long .
time yet."
"Am I to understand as you know how
to do it. Miss Dot?"
Brown's tone was such as to convey un
mistakably that to his mind the knowl
edge of the art of bicycling was even a
blacker fault than the possession of a bi
cycle. Miss Feltram felt the subtle degra
dation she was undergoing and faltered.
"Well, not yet." she said humbly. "I
ousnt to have taken to it long ago," she
added, growing bolder. "Miss Manlsty
and Mr. Cecil are coming to-morrow to
give me my first lesson. I shall soon
lrarn." sh"b ended, with unexpected self
! assertion.
"Do you think co. Miss Dot?" «ald
Brown. There was a respectfully veiled
disdain In his tone, and Miss Feltram,
her little flash of self-assertion over.
passed to the only form of defense she
could think of.
"And then, you see." she said. "It will
be an Immense convenience. One may not
always want to have the horses out. Be- '
sides, one can go such long distances. Mlsn
Manisty and her brother think nothing of
sixty miles a day. They go like the
wind!"
"Am I to understand that you are think- ,
Ing of going sixty miles in a day. Miss
Dot? And -on them two wheels?"
Brown's tone was perfectly respectful. ,
No one could have accused him at any <
time of taking a liberty with his mis
tress; but there was that in his tone and
manner which reduced blcyling to the
level of a nursery entertainment for chil
dren of impaired Intellect.
"I do not think." he added with the
solemnity belonging to Intense convic
tion, "ac It's a suitable thing for you to '
do. Miss Dot— going like the wind. I can't '
rive no agreement to riding a bicycle — not
for a lady in your position. I should have
thought. If I may Bay so, as you'd have -
felt the same yourself."
This crushing Innuendo was delivered
very slowly. Brown meant every word to
Continued on Pa«» v.
THE STTNT>AT ' CALIi.
Brown's Feellings
4
strike home, and it did so. Miss Feltram** -
aspirations obviously grew cold within '
her.
"I— well, we shall see," she Bald. "Per
haps after all 1 shan't care much about
She rose as she spoke and Brown said
no more. He simply opened the door for
her deferentially. But as into all" hla pre
ceding speech so also into this, small action
he contrived to Infuse something of plty-i
ing regret that the necessity for speech;
on such a subject should have been laid)
upon him.
Miss Keltram passed him with her head!
held rather high, but she did not ask what'
had been done with the new bicycle- nor<
did she suggest that she should like to
see it. She went into the drawing roonv
In silence. '
It was of course not of the slightest con
sequence to Miss Feltram of Feltram,
Court whether or no her butler ap
proved of her bicycling. But, pa-
radoxical as it may appear. It waj jk.
of the very highest importance ' JaSSL
to Miss Dot that Brown •' Js&%M.
should look with a favor- . -
able eye upon her pro- / jßae^BS&i
ceedlngs. How It had/ jfc§*SiiP?«lP
come about that Brown jjjlgffcfflSfcjjp'i
had been allowed to J§>%%^fe&&!i3/tl^
go on using the nam« AliSßßna
by which he had JM
known his mistress ffiSK
when she was two •'llsH
years old, now f*^ffi
that there was no IfeS
one In the world ViH
who dreamed of Ifel
calling her anything VsM
but Miss Feltram, \^S
or Dorothea, was a VJ|fl
point not very easy fPB
of explanation. Dot
had been her father's
name for her, and as IT'llJlSigS^BEH*
long as he lived he had r^^affa^^PJKi
nfver ppokfn of her or ' iCTjjfir^K* ffi;
to her by any more cer- sal
emonious term. After jfflH||y^Hßßs
the cheery, domineering ijlß
old gentleman had been m 3
gathered to his fathers
one or two of her Intimate \Sm
friends had suggested to jjß
Miss Feltram that It was Mm
advisable that Brown JB
should now adopt a more XX
respectful form of . ad- JaW
dress. But Miss Felt- Jflj
ram had laughed and £BM
sighed and shaken her
head.
"It would hurt
Brown's feelings," she ff^
said. «9
So Brown contln-
ued to address his ,j[
mistress as Miss '^M
Dot, and, moreover, iTM
he continued to rUBPaEMW^^P
think of her as {H
Miss Dot. During £jM
old Mr. Feltrnm's Jr^^wW
lifetime he had' .
ruled alik» over t#MSEB»g»BwB^IB
his dauqhior and' pJHj
his servants. But
Brown's f-uhmis-
sion to hiF ma?tpr j f "-^Jl^fflfe^
was merely the submis- If 1 -. •*
sion of one strong V&m* "^^,'l ¦
character to another *%r^'"i^^S*i
which happened to have 'l^^S^SSS'Ti
the advantage of circum- [ ¦'ifc^SSaMf M
stances on his side; and li» '^^P^'jra
it would have been alto- 1 *- '¦ '¦'' : £fl8&-<Um
pether Impossible to % "''7'^^M''M(»
Brown to submit in like ''• L ' '¦jWSJgjvM
fashion to the authority -*iwaßii
of Miss Dot. lit had pW : flBx3
stepped into hla position , VSr ¦i^^l''
as critic and general su-
penntendent of Miss Dot's l^'i^^^^Novel Experience of a plucky
Sunday Call Reporter.
Continued From Page One.
"Well. »J1 the way from one to two
hundred pounds— those that we are y sln R
now-but when we get further advanced
we will probably use a ton at a shot. We
expect to use about 1230 tons of powder
before we get that rock out of the way."
The diver came around and asked me
how I had enjoyed my experience.
•That was not such a bad dive. Itself."
raid he. "Forty-three feet Is a pretty
rood depth. You know the deepest dive
ever made was only 230— a little more than
two-thirds the height of The Call build-
Ing." ¦
I Inquired how long he had been making
dives.
"Oh. for some years," he replied. "I
began over in the English channel, and
have been in various parts .of the world
In the same business. Have done most of
my work around wrecked vessels and in
laying the foundations for wharf work
end bridges."
"Ever have any accidents?" I asked.
"Well, no very serious ones — never got
killed: but I have had the air pump. get
out of order, and sometimes the air tube
crossed, but I never happened to be
down very deep when anything went
wrong."
"With this modern suit." I Inquired,
"there would be no danger except that of
smothering, would there? That Is, If the
air tube or the little windows should vet
broken under the water, wouldn't thera
be danger of drowning?"
"Oh no," he replied, "these little valves
here are for that purpose, they let the
air out, but don't let the water in — close
right up behind the air— and this little
slide is to slip over the opening If the
glass gets broken— besides It doesn't get
broken— see these guards?"
Then he showed me a big sharp knife
that was slipped handily under a strap
at the waist. I hadn't noticed it.
"That's for when you get into trouble."
said he, "Just give the canvas a rip, get
out of it and do your best at holding your
breath till you get to the top."
It sounded simple enough, but it is prob
ably an experience that few would like to
anticipate.
The little steamed back to the barge,
which had taken on a hospitable appear
ance, and it seemed good and solid to
move about on— almost like dry land.
There was a stream of smoke circling
upward from the stovepipe and the cook
had dinner in readiness. That row of
pies had been martialed out and lined up
and down the length of the white oilcloth
covered table, with flanks and outposts of
steaming viands. The captain suggested
that I might then safely venture a bis
cuit. - and the cook turned to me and
inquired if I had brought up any fish,
saying It was Friday and he had forgot
ten to order any.
But this is not a fish story and Z will,
not repeat my reply.
SOME SENSIBLE FADS ARE NOW IN VOGUE
Spoon craze* and monogram fan epi
demics have been succeeded by a rational
and useful mania, and' that is that each
one has her own especial hobby, the more
useful and practical the better.' One per
son has chosen plates for her specialty,
and - plates of all sizes and shapes will
soon adorn her rooms. Each place on her
travels will be - remembered • by^ a plate,
while all her friends and relatives have
been notified that plates will be most ac
ceptable for birthday and Christmas gifts.
Another lady has the unique idea of col
lecting a set of anniversary cups and
saucers. Whenever her wedding day rolls
around she adds a cup and eaucer. ¦
- * Cut glass makes a charming . collection
and it .is ; surprising .how quickly, the
pieces accumulate. A lady whose : home
Is exquisitely dainty l confessed that Bhe
saved her dimes most religiously and, then
waited for a bargain > in > what < she was '
wanting. The handkerchief fad seems to
have struck the ¦ city : very - hard ' this
winter, and/ fme - hem-stltchlng has '.'* be
come -the ; rage. A ¦ collection of ''-_ dainty
"moucholrs" is ' the ' pride ' of - every girl's
heart, \ f and " • "handkerchief" parties are {
quite the thing.- Each ' girl * brings - her
work; It is such : a fine 'opportunity to
show off -one's dainty thimble and gor
geous chatelaine with its scissors • and
other tworkbox attachments. ' Sewing "Is
rapidly coming to the front, as a fine art,
and j taking Its ; long vacant : place In ¦ the
many accomplishments of i the nineteenth
century maidens. -; . '. - v ,- , . - ...- .- •.;,
¦ An apron craze Is also evident, from tha
sheer gauzy affairs to big practical color
ed ; aprons \ for ; kitchen " use. > A collection
of aprons-Is a most ; acceptable gift to a
young housekeeper.' \\r ?,->;; - V ... -' .'.. • . -. . •'¦
A very intellectual girl regards books as
her j fad. ¦ Each one « ls ¦ duly inscribed and
she points proudly: to, the case tilled with
them, | each , one a souvenir iof some city,
time or memorable occasion. ¦ Still another
collection is ' being I made of I Chinese and
Japanese articles of all descriptions.
; "Sure/*- aha replied; --ptrtyoOT enra a*
ma Jersey." 'Suiting the" action to tha |
¦word.- they dipped and glided away wlthi
;a motion not unlike the movement of thai
ralking beam of an Oakland boat.
Quick, fast,, furious grew the scene. I
¦Men and wemen sang, some laughing tha|
laugh. which comes from the lips and not
from the heart.' The shrill shriek of tha
violin and the thump, of the piano were
drowned in the clatter of glasses. Little
.knots of men • stood about in . front of j the*
bar, talking, swearing, singing. A man
witfi cheek bones prominent and , wlda
features spoke of the chance of, Mike In
the coming prize fight,. while a seething
I personage : with fiery.' red whiskers : now
t and then. gave three cheers for the Boers,
'which action was wildly ¦ applauded by
the sailor man, who took the seething per
sonage, to his heart and forthwith order
ed* drinks." A coal heaver stumbled in at
¦ the J door.',. He Iwas hailed '" by the sailor
man.^who cried, "Heave 'to and' share a
drop, me "ardy."
"Sure and I will."- answered the' coal- .
heaver; as he swung Into line.'
• The black bottle slid along the bar. and
was passed from one to another, the new j
arrival taking precedence.. Each; glass
was filled. to the brim— bar-room etlquetta
Is at a discount. along- the Barbary..
"Hooray, for. Herr, Most."., shouted the
seething personage as he hastily drained
his glass. , ;
-"All hands pipe aft,'! mumbled tha sailor .
man as he leered over his glass In a vain
endeavor, to locate his mouth.
',: ."Stand . from under,", shouted the coal
heaver , who. without further ado, . poured
his liquor, into a seemingly, bottomless
pit.-,-- -7,;> ¦ .:."¦¦:¦'¦-;¦¦, '. . 7 ¦ ' .
The eyes of - tha sailor man closed, his
Ton wouldn't think that a man eoaia
get riotously rich off sparrow kfllinj,
would you? Well, he doesn't. But •oma
tlmeg he takes more money out of tha
county treasury than the fund custodian
likes to see go for this purpose. So It wu
recently when the County Clerk was con
fronted with sparrow orders calling for
the payment of $300 of tha good
legal tender : of the land. The County
Clerk gasped a while. He'd never heard
of a Nilwood bird bill of that extent, and
he'd been around some himself, but thera
was the "O X" of the Town Clerk. And
the "sparrowists" were paid. The Inves
tigation which followed resulted ln r tha
arrest of the. Town Clerk, and It Is be
lieved that the bills won't be so heavy In
the future. The county authorities say
they are heartily In favor of the extermi
nation, but when it comes to a claim of
killing off 23,000 within a comparatively
limited time they get their doubting caps
on. Meanwhile, the vicinity of NUwood.
111.. Is highly unfavorable to tha health af
the sparrow tribe.
Killing Sparrows for the
Market.
There is apparently no limit to the In
dustries of the Westernland. A unlqua
pursuit Is that which obtains In Its great
est glory In Illinois. Near Nllwood. a
small station north of Carllnvllle. tha.
"sparrowist" operates with an enthusi
asm entirely worthy of the dollars his oc
cupation brings him.
The "sparrowist," be It understood, is
any person of certain or uncertain aga
who, by hook, crook or In any other way,
may do to the death one or more of tha
common or garden sparrows, which ara
personae non gratae In the Nllwood
neighborhood. Sometimes the "sparrow
ist" sprinkles lime in the places whera
the little birds are wont to congregate.
Sometimes he lays traps and snores.
Sometimes he takes his trusty shotgun In
hand and lets go at the most promisingly
numerous flock of what the county re
gards as pests. Every time a sparrow
head comes his way It means 2 cents to
the slayer. Such is the bounty.
Sunday Call
Reporter
as a
Drink Seller.
V WAS on« of the barkeepers. Out
1 upon the floor men and women were
| Caneing: at the bar men and women
JL were <?rlnk'.r.g. The barkeepers, each
with a white apron, were busily en
paged in filling: large glasses with
beer and setting black bottles on the dent
ed bar. Their make-up was simple— a
sweep of the hair, plastered down over
the forehead, a low collar, a parti-colored
vest and the aforementioned apron. At
titude — one of nonchalance. Speech — quick
end to the point.
Tending har is pimple enough in itself,
as everything is taken straight on the
Barbary. even to the absinthe. There are
r.o dainty decoctions, no Willie-boy drinks
to be found there. The work of a bar
keeper is manual labor, but he is mon
arch of all he surveys. He ejects, re
jects and inflects all v.ith equal empha
tic; the cynosure of all eyes in his im
mediate vii inity. The settler of all dis
putes.. His word is law. Arbitration is
rot in his vocabulary. The open door
tiolicy is much in favor. Brains are be
low par. brute force above.
The place was small and dincy: sand
was on the fioor. and above lamps, with
Kackened chimneys, swung in the tobacco
tmoke. Here and there were round ta
bles, some with green tops and brass
tacks— axi alluring sight to the gambler.
One end of the room was swept clean for
dandsig. and at the other end. to one
tide, stood the bar. with gaspipe trim
mings.
Behind the bar and at an angle hung a
mirror — soap-marke<i with Christmas
greetings, underlined and grouped about
with bunches of grapes, also done in soap,
mur h to the admiration of those whose
artistic instincts have been somewhat
hampered by this sordid environment. The
celling was low and black. The small
latticed doors swung to and fro. handled
Impatiently by the thirsty ones entering
end roughly by the satiated ones going
out. A little red light flickered outside,
fanned by the swinging of the doors. The
musicians, two In number, kept up an
Incessant vibration, the main object be
ing-, seemingly, to begin and end the tune
at the same time. Now the violin would
be ahead, the little, fat body of the vio
linist swaying back and forth In his chair,
his <?yes bloodshot and the patched ends
cf his shoe beating a continual tattoo.
Now the piano would tinkle, tinkle, rum
ble, the pianist— lean, hungry, gaunt
doubled up over the keys, his long, bony
fingers, like the claws of a buzzard, trem
ulously, nervously striking the notes, his
hair dangling In his eyes.
Men and women were seated about at
the tables, »ome talking, some laughing.
tome emoklng and all drinking— the
women fwise ones) beer: the men (foolish
ones) whisky. The women have fore-
Fight, the men none. The men were the
kind that are ordinarily seen along the
water front and the darker alleys of the
tenderloin, scuffling and crowling along,
dodging In and out of dark corners and,
floors that you never knew were there—
men unshaved, unkempt and unsung, who
are born to live and die without leaving
an Impress on this busy world of ours,
not even a grave.
Over by the door sits a man with a
stubby white board, eyes sunken, and
there is an unnatural brightness to them;
lips that are thick and chin that recedes.
He sips nervously at his little glass of
green— his life, his all— absinthe.
With his chair tilted back against the
wall, in easy indolence, sits one who is
big and fat, whose face looks red through
the network of purple veins so distinct
upon his puffed eherks and nose. He
seems content; with hands clasped, thumb
to thumb, over^his greasy vest.
Round and round went the dancei^ in a
mad and dizzy whirl. Square danc*s —
never: they are considered a waste of en
ergy, time and music. It is generally a
waltz, sometimes a galop and then again,
by the higher stratum, "de mazuke." But
all have the inevitable glide and dip.
Twice— yes, by the shades of Terpslchore-
I caw the two-step. In spite of the sordid
surroundings, the smoke, the flickerin*
lights and the noise of men. there was the
poetry of motion, the rhythm of the steps,
Inborn. Perhaps a trace of our Bacchana
lian ancestors come to do honor to a Bar
bary 6aloon. Who knows? * . .
The barkeeper at my side nudged me
with his elbow as he reflectively wiped a
glass.
"Bein' dat you'se.a newspaper guy, I'll
put you nex'. Trow your lamps on dat
layout over dere," said he, as he Indicated
, with the glass and towel a'group of three,
two men and a woman, seated at a tabls.
A Night With the Topers and Dancers of the "Barbary Coast"
THE SUNDAY CALL.
head fell between his arms upon tha wat
surface of the bar. The other two left
him to his fate, a fate as Inevitable as
the setting of the sun. It was upon him
soon. The strong arms of the bouncer
went about him and then he was lifted,
his body limp as that of a dead
man, and hurled through tha door,
which closed instanter behind him. Thera
was a dull, heavy thud outside. Tha
bouncer never turned a hair. What be
came of the sailor man then? "Well, that
Is no affair of ours.
"De spoit is Just beginnln'." said she of
the twisted Jersey as she borrowed a light.
Then placing her head between her hands
and her elbows on the bar she blew me a
puff of smoke and asked. "Say, ain't you
de mark that used to sling for de Palm
Leaf on Fourth street?" I dived down be
hind the bar to look for something which I
knew was not there— l wanted to get that
language straightened out. After some
little fumbling, both physically and men
tally. I arrived at the conclusion that she
meant to aak me if I had ever served
drinks at the above-mentioned saloon.
"Chure your dead next." said. I. trying
to do as the Romans did.
"I tought so." answered she— fllokln*
the ashes of her cigarette into the slot
of the card machine. "I tumbles when I
blows In here to-night. I knows yera
front de mlnit I sets m«s glims on yere,
de werry foist rattle out 'en de box."
The girl in the twisted Jersey, had fin
ished her dance and straightway walked
with her partner, a sailor man three seas
under, to the bar, calling again for a gin
and soda. Her partner mumbled some
thing. A mumble is always interpreted
as a desire for whisky on the Barbary-
The barkeeper set out the bottles and
glasses. The girl poured hers with an
accustomed naivete. The man's hand
shook and the neck of the bottle rat
tled against the glass. The girl swal
lowed hers In a gulp. The man upset
the glass, contents and all, upon the floor.
The girl took a yellow check from tha
man at the end of the bar. and leaving
the sailor man to croon a song over his
loss, set about looking for another part
ner—for each dance means a drink and
each drink means twelve and one-half
cents for the girl if she can find a man
to dance and drink with her.
And when the lights commenced to
grow low and when there was more bead
than beer In the glasses. I asked the girl
what she thought of life, anyway.
"Aw go on, give me a gin and soda,"
said she. SEYMOUR BRISCOE.
5
••Well, what about them?" asked I. .
•Them," answered my friend, "why.Ucys
de biggest bunch along de line. Dat one
wld de black front is Portuguese Joe, au'
de one nex' 'im Is Comstock Pete,", *>
'.'And the lady?" queried I. « ,
"Call her most anything; she'll stan',for
it. And, say, me fren,' " he added, "If
youse happen to be pipen aroun 1 her. Just
keep your hooks on your plunks, or she'll
¦pill yer Jeans quick."
With this parting admonition he left mo
and helped himself abstractedly to a
drink. Portuguese Joe I found out by dint
of conversation with the bouncer .to be
lomewhat of a terror along the coast. A
sailor by trade and a landsman by selec
tion. His fac« bore every evidence of a life
of dissipation, and there was a gleam from
the two little beady eyes that would keep
you walking in the middle. of the street
all the way home. The old man next him,
Comstock Pete, was bent .with age. His
clothes, mere rags collected here and there
from,' places not sacred to the ragman,
hung limply about. him. His. beard, gray
and . ; unkempt, hung down over his soiled
and greasy shirt ', and his ; hands, -cracked
and- creased with the .wrinkles of; age,
clung tightly to his glass. And yet this
man at one time was worth $1,000,000 Ho
dealt In j stocks; but, alas, -he dealt not
wisely but too long— an hour or so, per
haps. ' - •-• ' • ' ' - '
One woman I noticed In ; particular. She
was petite and pretty. The. ravages \of
time and dissipation had not' left Its mark
as yet,, except; for . ,a" ! little, hectic
spot on each, cheek. 'She had the-alr and
swagger and the forced protruding of the
under Jaw which Is. a part of the make
up of- "do loidy of de Barbary." A red,
close-fitting Jersey was 'twisted about her
slender waist and on her head Jauntily
sat a little gray cap nearly concealed In
her short-curled hair. I am not a con
noisseur of skirts, but I think the one she
wore could be classed In any of the now
prevailing styles, bell, circular or box
pleat, all depending on the point of vision
taken by the observer. Blue-eyed was
she and of a complexion described In the
vernacular as "peaches and cream." The
lady favored me with a dance. We waltzed
vigorously. '
"Well, ain't you going to 'buy?* " said
she abruptly.
"We walked to the bar. With arms
akimbo she demanded a gin and soda.
Just then a youth behind a flaring
.iosom of stripes, perhaps a forerunner of
what' was to come -in larger quantities
later in life, approached and said:
"Say. beau, give me a spiel," Then he
put one arm about her wa\»U
STRANGE SCENES THE BARKEEPERS WITNESS
AND QUEER CHARACTERS THEY MEET.ft T feems hard that a man must be dead
for fifty year? before his fame shall
i! reach Its zenith, yet such is the case
with the work of Honore de Balzac. It
Is so with nearly all frreat men of Renlus.
Balzac, it is true, made large sums of
money from his writings and received
much praise during his lifetime, but it
•was all as nothing compared with the
universal approval of his work at the
jirefent day. As literary gems and finan
cial plums his masterpieces are now pro
nounced as closely approaching perfec
tion. For example, word eorr.es that with
the subscription aecnts his "ready pale
rivals that of Kipling, which should be
fiatterirsg to the prtat Mr. Kipling, for Bal
zac writes as Kij>!ingr never will; and with
regard to literary standard the critics
of to-d.ny Fir.g loudly his praises. Pro
fessor Harry Thurston Peck, who is
f-omething of an iconoclast in his way,
even offers him glad approval; of course
lie has to give Shakespeare a rap with
c>->ld chisel and hammer to do this, but
then wo rntiFt always smash one idol to
j>u: another In its place; pedestals are
too expensive to allow critics to have two
Mo!s aloft at the same time. He says:
"My own belief is that at the last his name
will be placed higher Ftill than Shakes
peare's, at the very apex of the pinnacle
at literary fame." Mr. George Moore also
made an assertion to the same effect. The
top rung of the ladder of fame Is a plat
form; there is plenty of room for all
when once there, the only difficulty being
the long climb. Shakespeare and Balzac
are both on the platform, so why make
trouble between the gentlemen?
¦ • * • ¦; •
Ba!zac"has done some wonderful work
remarkable enough to make even his
most casual reader interested in the life
and personality of the man. In no way
can a man's character and opinions b»
better read than through the letters writ-
Ten by him to the woman he loves. True,
It does sc-em that a man's personal corre
epouiJence should be exempt from the
profanation of the public eye; but euch
a genius as that of 13alzac becomes after
his death in a measure public property.
AYe all feel as thoueh we had an Interest
in him. That is one way of looking at It;
nr.d In any event 1 think not many read
ers will be hold from reading Katharine
Prescott Wormelry's translation of Bal
zac's letters to Mme. Hanska merely on
account of moral scruples of that nature.
In fact, the rea'W will regret that ha
cannot have also the letters from Mme.
Hanska to Balzac.
These letters from Balzac to Mme. Han
ska cover a iieriod of thirteen years and
are a novel In themselves. Mme. Hanska
¦was born Countess Kvelina Itzewuska and
Bt the time of her first correspondence
•with Balzac was 2i or US year« old and
the wife of Monsieur Hanr.ki. The letters
thow the devoted but respectful admira
tion of an ardent lover and were written
vith The entire approval of Monsieur
Har.Fla. all of which reveals an apparent
ly inexplicable state of affairs," indeed, but
one that can b<- easily comprehended by
reading the letters themselves. To prop
erly appreciate them one should be fa
miliar with the life of Balzac.
Ba!z«c was Dot a man who sprang Into
.prominence at once. He wrote quantities
of •¦s-tufT' before he developed into the
I'alzac that we know to-day. Born at
Tours May 16. 1735. he went to Paris in
2Sl* and studied law for three years at
the request of his practical father. He
Then chose writing us a profession and
•was given a meager allowance with two
years' probation, lie v.Tote a tragedy on
Cromwell which was accepted by his par
ents as a flat failure and he was as'ted
to retire from the literary field. Here his
l»or>everance. so strong in his after life.
came to the fore and he decided to stand
by his chosen pursuit; so lie went hack
to an attic and with no allowance get
to work to make a living by liis pen alone.
He turned out five dramas, with only one
fairly successful. He v.Tote ten romances
for cheap booksellers between 1522 anil
3)-n«. all very poor. In 1527 came a finan
cial collapse. He had gone Into a pub
lishing business, had failed and was"
heavily la debt. Here he was, 2S> years
oid and owing ]f>o,</>0 francs.
But he had had txpe-riences nbich
proved Invaluable to him in weaving the
plots and delineating the characters
wh!i"li were to bring him lasting fame, lie
possessed the intuition and penetratiin of
the born psychologist and the stubborn
faculty of never bending to a storm of
111 luck.
In IS3O he decided that pomething must
be done, and that quickly. This period
marks the beginning of his great li'erarv
activity. L4ke Homer, Chaucer and
Shakespeare, his characters became living
persons to him. He would even hold con
versations with them as he walked .-.long
the street. Eighteen hundred and Ihlrty
marks the beginning of his most prolific
period. It was then he accepted Mine.
Hanska as his ideal, and her Influence had
the greatest effect upon his subsequent
vork. Their correspondence wa3 begun in
a romantic manner. Miss Wormeley says:
"The simple etory of these letters Is a*
follows: In February. 1533, Balzac re
ceived a letter, posted in Russia, from a
'lady who signed herself TEtrangere'
(Foreigner). This letter is not known to
exist, nor is there any authentic knowl
edge of Its contents; but it began a cor
respondence between Its writer and Bal
rae which ended In their marriage In ISGO.
It does not appear at what date Madame
Haneka gave her name; it muet have
been quite early in the correspondence,
although he never knew It exactly until
the day he met her. In September, ISSS, at
SCenfchateL.*!
These letters show more of Balzac than
could be told by any other pen than his,
for they are himself.
A few In the present volume are trans
lated under protest and are undoubtedly
not Balzac's, or are filled with Interpola
tions, probably doctored up by M. le
Vlcomte de Bpoelberch de Lovenjoul for
the purpose of establishing the elander
suggested In his book, "Roman d' Amour."
Such stuff as the following we certainly
must hope wa* not written by so great a
mind as Balzac's:
To-flsr, my flower cf fc^a-ren, I send yon a
lock cf my hair; It la still black, but I hasten It
to defy time. I am letting my hair crrow, and
people a«k why. Why? Because I want enough
to make you chains and bracelets!
You are in all ray thoughts. In all the lines
I write. In all the moments of my Ufa. In all
xny being, in my hair that is growing for you.
Adieu: I- have no flowers this time, but I
tend you the end of a cedar match I have been
chewing while I write. I hay» given It a
thousand klsers.
Miss Wormeley offers ample proof to
convince the most skeptical that these
lines and similar passages In some of the
other letters are interpolations and for
that matter the reader is forced to the
came conclusion from the marked char
acter and style of the genuine epistles.
How different are the following lines
and how true they ring of the hand of
Balzac:
It is a gloomy evening. I am seated at my
window; I have caxed through space at the
lanit 1 have Just quitted, and where I went to
rer-k.. near you, youth, rest, strength— to refresh
both heart and head, to' forget the hell of
Paris, and fitting here a few tears fall. I
measure the extent of the abyss; I welsh the
burden; I seek in the depths of my heart the
corner where lies the- principle of my power,
and I resign myself. Of these great scenes,
the secret lies between God and ourselves. My
Cod! If you could see me you would know
why I wax so cad In leaving you; you would
comprehend the meaning of what I said when
I cried out with apparent gaiety, "I go to
plunge back Into the vat and renew my mis-
His letters are filled with talk about
his work; but it is seldom that he -re-
And a Little Gossip the Bookworm Has Chanced to Hear.
s/u'latlon Publishing Company, New
York.)
"Indian Story and Song "
' "Indian Story and Song" is a book of
aboriginal f-br.gs which* have hitherto ap
peared only In scientific publications. At;
the Congress of Musicians, held_ at the,
Trans-Mlssisslppi Exposition in' Omaha,
July. 183S, so much interest was taken In
the essays of Alice Fletcher upon the
songs of the North American Indians that
a number of them arc herewith presented
in their matrix of story.
-' To a student of archaeology they are of
i great value. Many of them have a com
mon motif and -are' parts of one cere
monial action, but the motif is treated
differently in each song.
Their brevity Is noticeable. They. have
no Introduction, being almost abrupt. This
Is owing to the relation of the' song to
some story, for the latter Is always found
ed upon a dramatic circumstance.
'Every song had originally It 3 owner; be
longing cither to a society, secular or re
ligious ; to a certain clan or political or
ganization, or to some individual. Each
society had its peculiar songs, as also the
individual ; and only by . purchase could
the right to : sing be transferred. There
was no important personal experience
where It did not play a part, nor. a cere
monial . where it was | not essential to the
expression of religious feeling." This was
because of, a belief that music was a me
dium of communication between man and
the unseen. -Therefore the Indian used his,
song In every experience from the cradle
to the grave to Insure the assistance of
the unseen power, when confronted by any
undertaking, such aa war, < the, hunt for
game, for sport or for 10ve. .; He sang not
as our modern tenor clamoring for ap
plause, but. poured out. his feelings re
gardless of artistic effect. . -
Indian ) singing was ¦ always in unison,
and as the several voices moved along in
octaves- the different qualities, of tone pro
duced harmonic effects. There is no uni
form key for any particular song, for the
Indian has no mechanical device by which
he can determine pitch.
Among the songs in this collection Is 'a
stirring dance song, which, like all the
others, has beenharmonlzed by Professor
J. C. Fillmore. It is light and spirited
and is the call .of the people to /their
leader, Ishibuzzhi. v' .
One which might be called rather flow
ing ,in style is a trystlng love song. The
words, "I see them coming," are sung by
a youth .who awaits his Indian lass, and
to her it is the fulfillment of hope and,
love. i~^BHiMiiWßffiKS^BffyfflSf^T^te l flß
The Song of. the Deathless Voice is per
haps one of the most stirring sung. It is
in a majestic . and martial spirit \ and re
counts - the experience of - a number of
warriors and their leader who went forth
to } harass '¦ and drive r a powerful people
from a territory rich in game. '
One day, they ; came .to - a': large grove,
where they pitched camp that they might
rest a while. Some went forth for game,
while j others watched* and repaired their
moccasins and clothing. < : Night came ! on,
and while those whose duty, it was to cook
were busily preparing the meal others! sat
before the burning logs and told stories of
battles and strange ¦ adventures. ¦ -
• . The ¦ meal ready,' the ¦ leader was called
upon , to perform - the i- usual sacred rites
observed before eating,' and '¦ at . a signal
from j him each one • bowed r bis head to
make the silent petition to Wakonda, the,
power that moves all , things. The leader
lifted his head,, and from the pile of meat
in front of him took a bit and raised it to
fmm then till 3 !n the afternoon. I rh-t'! hive
from S to 5 for my pleasures, «nd I will writ*
>ou each day a little line. After which I am
i.nlercd to co end amuse myself for six hours
till midnight.
You a*k<"d me wh«>n I shall calm that French
fury which rerried mo to Italy, to Sardinia.
Is not that a-king me v.lien I shall be Imbecile?
Do you *x:»ect a. man who can write In five
r.iirht!« "Qul Terre a. Guerre a" or "Cesar 151
rottea'i"' to measure his BtfPi like a capitalist
who takes hla dotr t.j walk on the boulevard,
reads the- '•Oonrtltutior.nel." come* home to
dinner and plays billiards In the evenlr.c?
Hy Ufe Is now well regulated. I rise at mld
nteht after Foing to bed at 6 o'clock; a bath
every third day, fourteen hours of work, two
for walklnr.
The printer*, and there are three printing
offices busy with these four volumes, well, they
Jo not pet on. I. from midnight to midday. I
compose; that Is to say. I am twelve hours
in my armchair writing, improvising, in the
full meaning of that term. Then,- from mid
day to 4 o'clock I correct my proofs. At 5 I
dine, at haJf-Dart 5 I am In bed, and am
waJcened at midnight.
Yesterday my armchair, the companion of my
vigils, broke. It Is the second that I have had
killed under me since the beginning ot the
battle that I flcht.
The rroof of my seclusion 1? in what I have
done, which astonishes even publishers. Yet
there are people who still ray, "He brings noth
ing out." But all this labor will seem nothing,
so long as it gives me liberty, independence.
When I think that I still need seventy thousand
francs for that, and to get them I must spread
six bottle* of ink on twenty-four reams of
paper, it makes me shudder.
I had yesterday, after writlnc to you. a. vio
lent rush of blood to th* head. Prom Z in the
morning till S in the afternoon I corrected
without pausing six folios of "L* Comedle
Ilumalne" ("Les Employes"), into which 1
inserted passages taken from the "Physiologic
de 1" Employe," a Bttle- book, written in haste,
about which you know nothing. This work,
which was equivalent" to writing- In twelvo
hours an Svo volume, brought on th» attack.
My nose bled from yesterday until this morn
lngr. But I feel myself more, relieved than
weakened by this little natural bleeding-—bene
ficial. I make no doubt.
listen: To settle this point, reflect on this:
¦Walter Bcott . wrote two novels a year, and
•was thought to have luck In his labor; he as
tonished England. This year I shall have pro
auced: (1) "L« Per* Gorlot." (2) "I* Ly» Dan»
la Vallee." (S) "Lea Memolres fl'une Jeune
llarlee," (4) "Cesar Blrotteau.'.' I have done
three parts of the "Etudes de Moeure". for
Madame Bechet. and three parts of the "Etudes
rhllosophiques" . for W'erdet. And, finally, I
rhall have finished the third dizain and "Ser
aphita." But. then, shall I be living or tn my
sound mind In 1536? I doubt It. Sometimes I
think that my brain is Inflaming.' I shall dte
on the breach of intellect. These efforts hay«
not yet saved me from my. financial crisis.
This fearful production of books. Involving; as
It doen fuch masses of proofs, has not sufficed
to liquidate roe. . I must come 'to the stag*,, the
returns of which are enormous compared to
those we get from books. The intellectual bat
tlefields are more fatiguing to work than the
fields where men die or the fields where they
sow their corn: know this. France drinks
brains, as once she cut off noble heads.
I am much fatigued, much tortured, much
worried, especially about money. That wlr«,
which pulls one back at every moment . from
on high Into this heap of mud. Is Intolerable; It
raws my neck.
Like nearly all men of genius he had
his weaknesses and fads. He was erratic
and egotistic He had no business head
and was always filled with • grandiose
schemes by which he hoped to eventually
surround himself with all the luxuries of
wealth. Bric-a-brac and antiquities were
his special hobby; while he believed firmly
in somnambulism, mesmerism and hyp
notism. Ho cultivated long hair, lost
money in stocks and carried a most re
markable . cane of , which he was -very
proud.' Regarding the cane what he has
to say to Mme. Hanska on the subject is
Interesting and well shows his ebullient,
boyish nature:
I will put In my parcel of April 17 tfet two
of vie-*-, hut ev? n to the smallest details of
the Cabinet of the Klncs and the private din
ners of the Queens. One Is certainly sorry to
have reed this boc-k, if only from disgust with
one's «lf for having wasted one's time— th«
precious stuff of which life Is made. It Is not
fo that we reaih the last page cf a novel of
Walter Scott; this Is not the sentiment with,
which we leave him; we re-read t-cott, but I
Jo not think we shall re-read Dumas. He is
a charming narrator, but he ought to renounce
history, or else study it apd know it better.
T
Tuu fl!»k me for details about Victor Hugo.
Victor Hugo is an extremsly brilliant man; he
lias as much wit an poesy. He is moet fascin
ating in fonvcrsatlon, a little like Humboldt.
but superior and admitting more dialogue. . lie
Is full of bourgeols^ld'as. He execrates Racine
and conxtd^ri him" a secondary . man.- He Is
crazy in that direction. There is more cf good
than of evil in him. Though the good Is an out
come of vanity, and though all things are
deeply calculated in him, he is. In the main, a
charming man, besides being the great poet
that he Is. He has lost much of his quality,,
his force and his value by the life he leads.
Balzac's opinion of himself, as brought
out In one of the epistles, presents a very
accurate estimate of his character:
I have told you something of my life; I have
not told you nil, but you will have seen enough
to understand that I have no time to"Uo evil,
no leisure to let myself go t.i happiness. Gifted
with excessive sensibility, having lived much
in the solitude, the constant ill-fortune of my
life ha» been the element of what Is called no
Improperly talent. I am provided with a great
power ot observation, because I have be«n cast
among all sorts of professions involuntarily.
The foregoing excerpts give a very fair
average of the Interesting points of the
Balzac letters as translated by Miss
Wormeley. W. P. Trent, In a recent ar
ticle upon Balzac literature, says with ref
erence to these epjstles and their char
acter and value:
"They are not spiritual documents, like
the Browning letters,' or documents deal-
Ing with" the amenities of friendship and
social life, like the Stevenson letters, and
it may be doubted whether, in transla
tion, they would appeal to one-tenth of the
readers that have recently been fascinated
with these two epistolary collections: Yet
they set before us a far greater man than
either Browning or Stevenson, and their
value will Increase with the years."
Too much cannot be said of the thorough
and praiseworthy work which Miss Wor
meley has done In this book./ She ¦; pre
sents in addition numerous footnotes of
great value to the lover of Balzac, and
also translations of several letters from
Monsieur Hanski, together with other In
formation by way of explanation or neces
sary to complete the chain of the author's
correspondence. (Hardy, Pratt A Co.,
Boston; 11.60.) '.
History of firrjerlcan FJorscs and
Representative Horsemen.
The Turf, Field and Farm Publishing
Company has always been well to, the fore
in advancing the Interests of horsemen
and assisting them to bring the horse of
pleasure and utility In this country to Its
present high standard." All lovers of the*
steed and students of the science of breed
ing • and developing thoroughbreds will
read with avidity the recent historical edi
tion of the Turf, Field and Farm entitled,
"History of American Horses and Repre
sentative Horsemen.? ,A later work. upon
the subject is also promised, of which the
following . prospectus is presented: '
"In a later edition the subject will be
continued and " brief sketches of horses
which stand ; out conspicuously, giving
value to families that branch from a firm
ly rooted tree, will . be introduced. The
history of epoch making races will also •
be written. The road-riding • movement, ':
which grew under the fostering * care \of !
such men as Robert Bonner, Cornelius and
William H. Vanderbllt, Frank "Work, John
D. and William Rockefeller and Lawrence
Kip,* until the dawn of the present era of
speedways, will receive earnest considera
tion, and the triumphs of such breeders as
A. J. Alexander, Leland Stanford, William
Russell Allen,: J. Malcolm Forbes ¦ and
John B. Thayer will be described. Th«
Mr. Treland has spent the greater part
of twelve years In the. British colonies.and
the present volume shows the hand of one
familiar' with his subject. The author,
however, is decidedly pro-British in his
sentiments and many bits of evidence Ken
erully considered of Intrinsic worth from
a Boer standpoint are cither wholly omit
ted or slightingly passed over.
In Mr. Ireland's review he divides the
history of South Africa into six periods:
1 (1) From the final British occupation of
Capo Colony in 1814 to 1532, the year in
which the Trar.svpal became a separate
state. (2) From 1852 to 1557, the year .in
which England resumed sovereignty over
Ihe Transvaal. (3) The revolt of ISSO and
the conventions of ISSI and ISSI. (4) The
growth of the Uitlander grievances since
the re-erection of the Transvaal In ISSI.
(5) The Jameson raid. (6) The Interfer
ence of Great Britain In order to secure
redress for the Uitlander grievances.
The author candidly admits and cites
instances of British ignorance and mis
management In the affairs of the Trans
vaal, blaming high offlclalsfof the past
and present for the wars whi*i have been
as well as the existing difficulty. He
warmly espouses the cause, of the Ultland
ers, however, taking up strongly the ques
tion of taxation without representation;
their educational and political grievances
and outrages on person and property.
Mr. Ireland presents his arguments in a
concise and readable form. His book Is not
long and is well worth' reading if taken
In connection with the work of some other
author having a pro-Boer, tendency and
who dwells on the arguments omitted In
the present account., (Small,- Maynard &
Co., Boston. 75 cents.) ;- '¦/.*:>¦.
"Personal Iropresslorjs."
The first number of "Personal Impres
sions',' Is out. The 'magazine is published
by D. P. Elder and Morgan Shepard, the
San j Francisco publishers, ; and will prove
an addition to the literary field of Cali
fornia. The cover Is most artistic, and
both the quality of the, paper and "typo
graphical work .create a favorable Im
pression. The point of the magazine Is
to give "a simple record of current liter
ature enlivened by the touch of personal
opinion," and in addition 'to champion
the cause of anything pertaining , to the
art and beauty of San Francisco and Cal
ifornia, The Initial : number contains a
very valuable article ; upon "The - Cala
veras Big Trees," by David Starr Jor
dan; an interestting resume of the best
literature published regarding the Trans
vaal 7 question, some pages for the chil
dren and - numerous i other features and
fancies which show careful and thought
ful work. "Personal Impressions" de
serves a warm welcome from San Fran
ciscans. ' '¦
A Novel on Morrrjonlsro.
Since Brigham Roberts' election to Con
gress, giving rise, as It did, to widespread
discussion,' there has been revived an In
terest- in Mormonism which seemed to
die away after. Utah took her place in the
sisterhood of States and promised to walk
thereafter along conventional ways.;
To i meet the growing demands for a
more complete comprehension of the prin
ciples which actuated the founders of the
Mormon church,' there has been 5 reoub
llshed Mrs. Paddock's story. "The Fate of
Madame La Tour." , :
The story told in the book Is of stirring
interest^-of j interest all ; the greater be
cause the main incidents of, the book are
said to : be of, actual occurrence. .- The
La Tours were a French family of wealth
and position, the head of which, becoming
Interested in the new faith taught with so
much ardor by its emissaries, sold his pos
sessions and migrated with his family.to
ward the new Land of Promise described
In glowing colors by, the Mormon leaders.
Before the end -of the Journey M. La Tour
died and his family, soon found that their
wealth X had disappeared from I them for
ever Into the coffers of the church. ¦% Mme.
La .Tour, who had never shared .with | her
husband : his blind faith in his new relig
ious ¦ guides, discovered that her doubts
The parts suppressed by the Russian
censors are in many respects the most In
teresting, the most powerful and the
most vital; for they are those deMm;
with prison HTe in Russia, the political
persecutions CPd the exile of prisoners.
The Russian edition contains but llttlo
more than half the complete story.
The author's royalties will be devotea
to the assistance of the Russian Douk
hobors. who are now emigrating t» Can
ada to escape the persecutions v-hich
they have been undergoing at tha hands
of the Russian Government*
The London Guide, published by Charles
Alvln Gilllg. appears for 1900 in its foui
teenth edition. It has been revised,
amended and brought up to date in '-very
respect, and should prove very valuablo
to Americans who contemplate visltin*
the Paris Exposition and Incidentally
have in mind a trip over the channel to
see Old London Town.
The opening of the Parts Exposition,
now so near at hand, renders of special in
terest two books dealing with the two ex
tremes of Paris life. One of these Is "Bo
hemian Paris of To-day." by W. C. Mor
row and Edouard Cucuel. with 103 Illus
trations. Owing to the big Lipplncott flr»
the book was out of print at Christim*
time, and many of tnose fortunate enough
to secure copies of the first edition sold
them at double price. A new and largo
second edition Is now ready. The work is
a thorough portrayal of this phase of
Parisian Ufe.
The social and diplomatic side of Paris
Is treated in one of the most absorbing of
new novels, "A New Race Diplomatist."
issued this week. From the President*
selection of a diplomatist, by a most nov^l
method, to the end of the work its inter
est is intense, and its contrast of tli*
American spirit with that of the old world
civilizations will be a delight to those r*-
Jolclng In the patriotic atmosphere of tha
present day.
The sales of "Janice Meredith" contfcria
unabated. The publishers report for th*
first five days of last week— five months
after publication— a sale of 5500 copies, or
1100 a day.
On March 1 the Century Company had
sold 200.000 copies of the three books by
Rudyard Kipling which bear Its imprint—
"Captains Courageous" and the first and
second "Jungle Books."
The" April number of Scribner*s Maga
zine, as Is usual with the Easter Issue,
will have a brilliant colored cover. Th»
design is by C. A. Hlnton. This issue
will also represent the work of a notable
proup of English. French and American
artists. Ernest Seton-Thompson, author
of "Wild Animals I have Known." will
describe the life and adventures of a cu
rious little animal of the Southwest
known as the kangaroo rat. The author
illustrates this animal story with his own
sketches. H. J. Whigham's article on the
battle of Magersfonteln appears richly
Illustrated with photographs which were
developed, printed and engraved thon
rands of miles from the battlefield. Mr.
Whlgham will know nothing of his re
sults until at some future day he picks
up a copy of the magazine. He simply
knows that he snapped a camera In the
direction of the fighting and inclosed the
films in a tin box.- Those who expect to
visit Paris this season will be particularly
Interested in Miss Tarbell's article on
"The Charm of Paris," which 13 to appear
with abundant illustrations by a group of
the best modern artists.
' "The Black Wolfs Breed" s«*ms to
have made a universal hit. The Toronto
representative of the Bowen-Merrlll Com
pany, publishers, telegraphed to them
post haste: "How soon can you ship ona
thousand more Wolfs? Sold first edition
on date of publication."
Just been published In New York, wTO be
watched with keen Interest by reason of
the fact that It sets out to be the literary
organ of society — that element of civiliza
tion that is usually supposed to be with
out brains. As a matter of fact, the first
number of "The Smart S?t" Is a startling
refutation of this conventional theory, in
that It Is brilliantly written from start to
finish, and the contributors of social re
nown ho.d their own with those whose
fame is distinctly literary. "The Idle
Born," the leading feature of the number,
is by H. C. Chatfield-Taylor and Reginald
,de Koven, and is a fierce travesty on their
own set. Other contributors are Mrs.
Burton Harrison, Julien Gordon (Mrs.
Van Rensselaer Cruger), Caroline Duer,
Sarah Cooper Hewitt, Eliot Gregory,
Julian Hawthorne, Edgar Saltus and Ella
Wheeler Wilcox. The magazine is hand
somely printed, and Is "smart" to the
last line.
An experiment of great Interest to read
ers of the Bible-Is announced by the Mac
mlllan Company.- They will publish Im
mediately, in current and popular Eng
lish, the epistles of the New Testamenjt.
The work has been done by Rev. Henry
Hayman, D.D., rector of Aldlngham, Eng
land, Honorary Canon ot Carlisle. The
author's plan has been to keep with the
mose careful fidelity to the thoughts of
the apostles, while claiming a perfectly
free hand as regards the language In
which he has ventured to present them.
In the latter respect he reverses the prac
tice of every earlier version in our lan
guage, but the departure is Justified by
the changes that have taken place in our
native tbngue. The result will be found
to be very helpful in the understanding of
the -epistles. The authorized version Is
printed on the left-hand pages and the
modern English on the right.
. The evolution of the wholesale distrib
uting house into a publishing factor has
received its latest exemplification in the
case of the H.B. Claflln Company of New
York. Early last year the management
conceived the idea of issuing the expen
sive copyright works of popular authors in
moderate price editions. Beginning with!
a limited edition of 100,000 copies of "The
Honorable Peter Stirling," by Paul Lei
cester Ford, the clever author of the pres
ent favorite "Janice Meredith," they Is
sued in rapid: succession ,"The Forest
Lovers," by * Maurice Hewlett; "Tekla,"
by Robert Barr; "A Lady of Quality,"
by Mrs. Burnett; "Trilby." by George dv
Maurier; "Adventures of ' Francois," by"-
S. Weir Mitchell, etc., etc.
The experiment proved to be a complete
success, . the editions, necessarily limited,
being rapidly exhausted. The same policy,
it Is announced, will be continued into
1900.
An article , In the March Home Maga
zine that will be read with eager Interest
In light of the Boer war is Hudson Max
im's on "Curious Facts About High Ex-">
plosives." .Mr. Maxim is the authority
on this subject. What he has to say is
valuable. ' '. The Illustrations are quite as
unique in their. way,' one of them showing
Mr. Maxim in the act of lighting a cigar
.with a burning stick of dynamite, which
he holds in his hand..
It "was feared that Count Leo Tolstoi's
health would • prevent his completing hl3
novel, "Resurrection," but his publishers
In America, Dodd, ' Mead & Co., announce
that it is at last ready. The Authorized
English translation is by ;Mrs. Louise
Maude. This edition is the only one au
thorized by Count Tolstoi, the transla
tion having been made " from his manu
script and under his direction.
¦ "Resurrection" Is the only long novel
written by Count Tolstoi since "Anna
Karenlna." It -is most 'dramatic, vivid
and realistic In its study of character and
delineation of Russian life of the present
day. It is a story of the resurrection of
two souls and embodies the author's views
as .to the brother hood . of man. the im
morality of r many of the political condi
tlons *of the time ! and his implicit belief
in the teachings of, the New Testament.
The Russian edition is emasculated.
Mr. R. H. Russell, the publisher, will
shortly start a monthly periodical, which,
unless a more promising title suggests It
self, will be called The New Magazine.
This publication will probably make its
bow to the public with its May number.
It will conform in slz» to the standard
American monthly. Its contents will be
principally short fiction, with a few seri
als. The best artists have been engaged
to make the Illustrations, and the most
approved methods will be employed In col
oring; many of the pictures. Besides the
fiction an effort will be made to carry
features which may be said to be identi
fied with a "monthly, newspaper" In text
as well as Illustrations.
Some of the English critics hare fallen
foul of the dialect of Mr. Dociey. which
may be American, they say, but can
hardly be even American-Irish. And now
it turns out it is the dialect of County
Roscommon, in Ireland, and that the na
tives have enthusiastically approved its
accuracy.
A new edition of "Diana Tempest." one
of Miss Cholmondeley*s earlier novels,
will shortly appear from the press of D.
Appleton & Co. According to the latest
report, her "Red Pottage." combining th«
English and American editions, has now
reached the one hundred thousand mark.
It Is Interesting to note, by the way. that
the American edition brought out by Har
per & Brothers has long since outstripped
the one Issued in London. The forthcom
ing edition of "Diana Tempest" will con
tain a portrait and critical biography of
Miss Cholmondeley. This Is & feature la
the publication of fiction which, it is said,
will shortly be Included In other forthcom
ing novels being prepared by the Apple
tons.
The -April number of Personal Impres
sions will contain an article by Professor
T. R. Bacon on the "Historical Writings
of John Fi3ke" : "An Appreciation of Wil
liam Keith." by Charles A. Keeler (the
supplement Is to be a reproduction of ona
of Mr. Keith's paintings) r and literary an
nouncements and reviews by various con
tributors. The Old Book Room Is to b«s
devoted to California, and the Children's
Room will contain "What Betsy Did."
McClure' s Magazine for April will con
tain an article by William Barclay Par
sons,; chief engineer of the American-
China Development Company, giving the
result of his recent commercial explora
tions in the most secluded parts of China
and showing what an immense market
China offers American farmers, manufac
turers and merchants. The article will
be fully illustrated from photographs
taken by the author on his Journeys.
BooKs Received.
"The Domestic Blunders of "Women."
by a Mere Man. Funk & Wa snails Co.,
New York. $1. JggJS
"Recent Advances in Astronomy,". by
Alfred H. Flson, D. Sc Herbert 8. Stone
& Co., Chicago and New York. Jl 25.
"The Free Trade Movement and Its Re
sults," by G. Armitage-Smlth. M. A. Her
bert S. Stone & Co.. Chicago and. New
York. $1 25.
_ "The Seekers," by Stanley Waterloo.
Herbert S. Stone & Co., Chicago and New
York. $1 25.
"How to Prepare for a Civil Service
Examination," by Francis E. Leupp.
Hinds & Noble, New York.
"Under the Eagle's Wing," by Sara
Miller. Jewish, Publication Society of
America, Philadelphia.
"Charles Klngsley and the Christian
Social Movement." by Charles William
Stubbs, D. D. Herbert S. Stone & Co.,
Chicago and New York. $1 25.
"Stories of the Great Astronomers," by
Edward S. Holden. D. Appleton & Co.,
New York. 75 cents.
"The Theory and Practice of Taxation."
by David Ames Wella. D. Appleton & Co..
New York. J2.
VMlrry-Ann." by Norma Lorimer. D.
Appleton & C 0. .. New York. Jl.
"Terence." by, Mrs. B. M. Croker. F. M.
Buckles & Co., New York. $1 25.
"A Maker of Nations." by Guy Boothby.
r>. Appleton & Co., New York. $L
"Overland Monthly." Bound volume for
£?£". D ,5 cembep ' ISM - Overland Monthly
Publishing Company. San Francisco.
•'Captain Dieppe." by Anthony Hope.
Doubleday & McClure Co., New York.
(0 cents.
By B. G. Lathrop.
v^als the great mind and foul behind it
all. Here is, as Mlbs Wormeley says, "one
of his rare revelations of the soul of his
work:"
If you only knew how, after this solitary life.
I lone to grasD Nature by a rapid rush across
Europe, how my soul thirsts for the immense,
the Infinite; for Nature seen in the mass, not
in detail. Judged cm its grand lines, sometimes
damp with rain, sometimes rich with sun. as
we bound across Fpace. seeing lands Instead of
villages! . If you knew this you would not tell
me to come, for that redoubles my torture; it
fans t«e furnace on which I sleep.
Balzac had innumerable financial
troubles, but through them all he never
for one moment allowed business diffi
culties or his poor health to Interfere
with the gigantic labors of his pen. He
had one friend, one Ideal, to whom he
confided everything, and that one was
Mme. Hanska. His letters to her give
the best idea of haw he worked and pre
sent most clearly the remarkable per
sonality of the man. Witness the follow
ing:
Here I rm. once more as poor as Job, and
yet t^is week I must find 1200 francs to settle
another lltieious affair. Oh! how dearly is
fame bought: How difficult men make It to
acquire bsr. No, there is no such thing as a
cheap creat man.
The doctor? have obtained that I shaJl change
my ¦way of life. I am going to bed at mld
n<<rV.« •-> ¦-'-• "• « •" ih« momim. and iorl>
caricatures of men In plaster by Dantan, who
has caricatured all the great men. The chief
point of mine Is the famous cane bubbling; with
turquoise oh a chased sold knob, which baa
far more success in France than all my works.
As for me, he has caricatured my stoutness.
I look like Louis XVIII. These two carica
tures have had such great success that I hay»
not as yet been able to 'get them. It is true
that I bo out little. and sit at my work for
twenty hours. Ton can't imagine what suo
eers thl3 Jeweled 'cane has had; it threaten* to
become Euroaean. Borcet, who has returned
from Italy, and who did not say he was my
friend, told me he heard of it in Xaoles and
Rome. All the dandles In Paris are Jealous,
and the little Journals have been supplied with
items for six months. Excuse me for telling
you this, but it seems to me it is biographical,
and if they tell you on your, travels that I have
a fairy cane, which summons horses, erects
palaces and i>plts diamonds, do not be sur
prised, but laugh as I do. Never did the tall of
Alclblades' dog was; harder. .But I have three
or four tails of the sama kind for the Paris
ians.
Balzac was most frank in his expres
sions to Mme. Hanska regarding con
temporary authors, with many of whom
he had a personal acquaintance. What
he thought cf Dumas and Hugo may not
prove uninteresting:
I caj understand, dear Countess, why you
were shbilied at "Les Mousquetaires," you "so
w»lf Wtortfied. knowlnit, above all. the history
Yftfroce, vat only from ttie historical point
development of horse shows, riding acad
emies and the hunting field Is a theme of
surpassing Interest and pages will be
given to it. The hackney, the French
coach horse and the heavier breeds will
receive attention and the second histori
cal number will prove Just as Instructive
as this one. Finally all the matter will
be revised and bound In one great
volume." '¦'•¦'
The present edition Is a condensation of
all the principal facts relating to the his
tory of the horse and Is a clean, terse rec
ord of the progress made by American
breeders. The volume is profusely illus
trated with excellent photogravures of
prominent horsemen, of their model
stables and of famous stallions, brood
mares and race horses.
A most valuable article upon VThe
American Thoroughbred and Racing" ap
pears under the signature of Robert S.
Nevill ("Trebor"). In addition to an in
teresting discussion upon the-subject sug
gested by the title Mr. Nevill has com
piled a -condensed list of the most Im
portant American events and winners for
the past eighteen years, which gives an
excellent idea of American racing during
that period.
Another meritorious paper that will
prove of aid to the trotters is given by
Walter T. Chester ("Grlffln*7 upon the
subject. "The Light Harness Horse in
America." ; It contains as an adjunct to
the text statistics of early" achievements
and a comparison of obsolete with pres
ent methods. <TurL. Field and Farm Aj>-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
the sky as an offering to that mysterious
power. Suddenly through, the Btillness
there rang a song, the echoes In the hills
and valleys "catching and repeating • the
strain. Each man grasped his bow while
the leader exclaimed, "The fire, the fire!"
At once many hands were rubbing the
flaming wood into the earth. The leader
hastily . commanded his men to form a
ring around the spot whence came the
song, and while the voice stng on the ring
became smaller and smaller until in an
open space the shadowy form of a tree
loomed, up. The song : went . on unceas
ingly, until the tree becoming plainly vis
ible there could be no chance of escape for
the singer. The Indians kept their bow 3
drawn and arrows strung while they
slowly closed In. The song ceased, but no
human being could be seen. Instead at
the bottom of the tree lay scattered the
whitened bones and grinning skull of a
man. Death had claimed the body of the
warrior, but had failed to silence the voice
of the hunter, who when living had often
defied death.
In the book each song is given with the
Indian words and is arranged for piano
accompaniment. . There is also presented
a short explanation and the legend con
cerning the origin of the melody. Miss
Fletcher's work will prove very charming
to all interested in the picturesque lore
of the Indians. (Small. Maynard & Co..
Boston. $1 50.) - ' ' , ¦ •
History of the Anglo-Boer Conflict.
"The Anglo-Boer Conflict: Its History
and Causes." Is the subject for a 134-page
little book by Alleyne Ireland. Mr. Ire
land is also the author of "Tropical Colon
ization." His object in the present case
is "to provide a brief and accurate ac
count of the events which have led up to
the war, for the use of those who, while
feeling an Interest in the situation, are
unable to go over all the ground coVered
by. the many writers oh the subject and
by the very extensive official documents
of the cas« ~
as to the singleness of the purpose of the
Mormon leaders were but too well found
ed. Not only was she bereft of fortune,
but in revienge for her. refusal to comply
with his wish to make her one of hi 3
"spiritual" wives, the head of the church
began a series of persecutions having as
their object, not only Mme. La Tour, but
all of her children as well. The hatred
directed toward Mme. La Tour culminated
in her death. Her children were more for
tunate, and one by one escaped from the
net which was woven by the Mormon
leaders so closely around their people
that many who tired of Mormonism and
tried to escape from Utah were unable to
do so.
Besides the .picture of early Mormon-
Ism the novel contains excellent bits of
description of life on the plains and in
the eatly mining camps of the Pacific
Coast. (Fords, Howard & Hulbert, New
York; Jl). ;
Ovcrbeard by the Bookworrrj.
D. Appleton & Co.'s- announcements tor
March include "Bird Studies With a Cam
era," toy Frank M. Chapman; the fifth
volume of "The History of the People of
the United States." by Professor John
Bach McMaster; "The Principles of Taxa
tion.'' by the late David A. Wells; "A
History of Russian Literature." by. K.
Waliszewski; "The Last Lady of Mul
berry." by Henry Wilton Thomas: "Mlrry-
Ann." by Norma Lorimer; "The Immortal
Garland," by Anna Robeson Brown;
"Stories From the Arabian Nights." by
Adam Singleton; "The Elements of Dif
ferential and Integral Calculus." by J. W.
A. Young and C. E. Linebarger; "Stories
of the Great Astronomers." by Edward S.
Holden; "The Storied West Indies." by
F.A. Ober; "The Chronicles of Sir John
Froissart," by Adam Singleton, and "Ad
vanced Elementary Science," by Edward
G. Howe.
.' The career of "The Smart Set," the
new standard monthly magazine that has
cries."
6A Millionaire's Kitchen.
He Makes His Living by Raising Rattlesnakes.
THE SUNDAY • CALL,
P V^ RT °k* E !n BM
• Knows about Abner Dodge. He is
i!__3 the rattlesnake klr.R of Southein
California and all questions con
¦«ra!r. X the habitat and the ways
of rattlesnakes are brought to him a
the ; unlxrwally acknowledßed autSrlJJ
at the heaci
wat«rr« of J.y-
a rattler never allows any liberties even
by h!s best friends. A rattler is always
superior to any person or anything else."
"Tell me something about what you
have learned from observing 'Doctor' In
all these years," suggested the reporter.
"Well, the main thing is that the rat
tlers we have In Southern California
mountains change their
ekln twice a year—
* In July and
there isn't anything on the earth or In the
air that a rattlesnake won't kill and eat
If it's hungry, and"
"Except bats, Abner," interrupted the
adopted boy Dan.
"Oh, yes, except bats," assented Dodge.
"I put a bat in Doctor's cage once and I
thought he'd go crazy. lie colled himself
up In one corner of his cage and actually
hid his head. All he'd do was to rattle.
1 was afraid the bat would scare the
snako to death, so 1 took it out -of the
cage. 1 put the dove in the cage with
¦ - .. ? .r ; : , ... . ?.
their prey by sinking their fangs in Jt
and crushing it. Their teeth are
like long needles so turned in diag
onally that 'when they begin to
swallow a bird or an animal they have
to keep at it. They have a heap of saliva
that flows over their prey as it progresses
into the snake's mouth. That eases the
swallowing: operation. The rattler's jaws
can be unhinped in some way and their
flesh is flexible, so they can get their
mouths over objects many times larger
than themselves. My snake Doctor one*
got to swallowing a big ground squirrel
too. large for him. He would have died
if Dan hadn't happened to see his distress
and came and helped him get the animal
out. I've found over a dozen dead rat
tlers with a quail or some other bird or
animal in their jaws too large to go into
the snake's mouth. Other men in the
mountains tell me they have found snakes
the same way.
"How long after the venom of rattle
snakes gets in the blood of animals does
it produce death?" asked the reporter, i
eald the rattlesnake king's protege, sit
ting at his side.
"Oh, yes, those hogs," said Abner re
flectively. "Lord! how hogs do go for
rattlesnakes! Why, they don't seem to
pay no more attention to the fangs of
rattlers than you do to flies. Do you re- :
member that old black sow we had four
years ago, Dan? My gum, but she was
wonderful on snakes. She could trail
snakes up and down this canyon and over
those foothills like a hound after bear. I
had to keep her shut up In. the corral_
working dead against our interests? So
we used to let the sow go smell
ing and grunting over that hill
yonder while I followed close be
hind. "Whenever the sow got scent of
a snake I could tell by her eagerness and
movements. Then I would run up and kill
the snake for my own uses. Tourists used
to pay me $3 and $4 once in a while to let
them see how my black sow would go to
work on rattlers out in my farm. Th»
pig was always ready for any lark Ilka
that. But soma lew down cuss shot th»
sow
KnnßnmaaanMßMHM one
1 I I «y
i^ Han
< 7^ and I
#^ v": . »»re out
f f rustling up
a» \ *S tattlers.
%^ w / "How fast
does rat tle
«n*lc« poison work m human beings?
fhat depends en th« condition the being
is In and the time of year he pets the
poison soaked Into his veins. For in
stanco there was a placer miner that I
Anew perfectly well. He was Hank Ran
' 4 flail. He was leaning down to drink out
of a spring of water over at Banning, on
the edge of the Mojave desert, a dozen
, years ago. A rattler lay colled under a- man
•anlta bush, and he gave Hank an awful blt»
in the neck as Hank was lying with his head
|own drinking water from the spring. "Well.
Hank died In less than two hours. His fel
lows said he went loony with pain. Now
that was In the middle of September, when
the long hot summer had made the snake's
poison stronger than usual. Two years ago
last month a tourist, who was out getting
geological specimens In Simpson's arroyo.
near San Bernardino, stepped on a rattler
and got a bite In the leg. There he was seven
miles from any whisky or ammonia, and It
was over an hour before he was found. A
man came riding on horseback over to whero
Dan and I were looking for rattlers, and h»
iald that I was wanted to help the stran
ger who was bitten by a rattler. I got there
In half an hour. The man was wild and
crazy with pain, and It was an hour longer
before we could get whisky to force down
his throat. We put over a quart into him
and. by gum, he was well In three or four
days. Now If he had been bitten that
way along In summer and had not been In
first-class physical condition, I wouldn't
have Insured his life for a wag of a dog's
tall.
"Another thing that the natural history
cusses have all wrong, and that's about
telling a rattler's age by Its rattles. Now,
I've got in a wire cage in my snakr» farm
two snakes that Dan caught about two
years ago. They were about ten inches
long • then, and I know they had never
tasted food. I fed them a ground mouse
o piece, and I watched two plump full day.*
to see those little rattlers eat for the first
tim*». They each had then a soft stub on
their tails. Go out and see for yourself, if
you don't believe my words, and you'll ob
serve four big rattles on one snake and
five on the other. Dan and I believe they
will have several rattles more thts year.
I used to have a rattler, which I finally
killed for his oil and skin. He was a ter
irlble.fast grower. He grew from two feet
to over four feet long In one year. I
know he wasn't over four years old when
I killed him. yet he had eight or nine rat
tles. He is about the average rize of a
California rattler— that Is, four foot and
two Inches. When I was In the Union
army I saw lots of Texas rattlers In the
Panhandle of Texas that I'll bet were over six
W feet long. Say, once I got a rattler in the Pu
' ente Hills. In Los Angeles County, that had
twenty-seven rattles. Whew, what a racket ha
Jnade with those rattles, too! It was Just Ilk© the
sound of a swarm of bees, all mad and following
the queen. I heard about Robert Lincoln, the son
of old Abe Lincoln, being In Los Angeles. I have
always thought old Abe the biggest and best man
¦ that ever lived. So. as I was going to Los An
geles City anyhow to sell snake grease and skin?.
I thought I would take those wonderful rattles
down as a present to old Abe's boy. I stayed
around the Westminster Hotel all one morning,
and a man told me that Mr. Lincoln would •xm
come In from a ride. He came back at noon,
and he was pointed out to me. So I walked
right up to him as he steered threugh the crowd
of people on the sidewalk for the hotel door.
{ He thanked me a heap for my gift and said he
I would always preserve !t among the curlosl-
I ties he got on the coast." - ?V:
7
Eicrra Matfre Raj^e. heard that in cc
fnt, *, qUMr old bacl3 elor afia „» sole skins only on
companion Is a green. gawky lad ne ver caught c
<r i« >'e*rs. wh om Abner has adopted. Bet the skin i
iM ola ra * a served In a New York regl- at night and lc
rnent as a eoldler in the Union army. showing any me
men he wu a trapper and hunter. He pelf th a n if he'd
naa a severe fall over In San Antonio in the morning
anyon a dozen years ago. and from that '>lng in one cor
T.me he has been a rattlesnake hunter ex- be as bright as
clusively. work quiu ,n, n hls
mo^fV OZ ?J hunts rattl «snake 9 on the "Lots of folks
nsonntain eldes. among the foothills and Heve that when
£,? v **"*** fr °ni April to December, his skin he B ets
Dut he has a snake farm cf a few acres take that his oy
11 VI " tvI «Py adobe land on the sides bluish film at tl
or tr>*. car.yon bark from his ramshackle mouse in his caj
1 K / IOW - There he has cultivated rattle- will coil up and
Fr.aKea for several yrars. He has built a the neck every
cneap board fence about part of his farm, dreds of times,
and he and his boy have piled up a low strikes for the
? V ° r_Btontsr _ 8tonts an<l rocks about the rest strikes his prey '
or K. Even- week scores of tourists in, may fill his cag
southern California go up in Lytle Creek frogs or anythin
canyon, and. from safe vantage ground, never touch one
Mew Abner Dodge's enake farm. The old gry He kills or
raan himself, in his self-made clothing of and when that is
ekirs and rough woMfn goods of all
hue* and fits, is always a subject of keen
•merest. He used to be a very well informed
man. and he evidently came from a goo.l ?
family in New York. Years of a semi- ff\
hermit's life among the mountains and can- //<
yor.s have had their effect on him. and he is /i~
now a typical mountain character. // \
Abner Dodge and h's boy assistant get f I /
their livelihood from the sale of rattlesnake jVI /,
cil to the druggists Jn the mining regions of \\\\lf //^
California and Arizona, and also by te .ing l\\ I I A
the dry skins and rattles from the snakes v \\\\ \\/y
the dozens of curio shopkeepers in Southern \\\V/r
California towns, where Eastern tourists VVVdI
f.ock every winter. Viners and sailors be- /Xx\
Here there is no remedy quite so efficacious // >^v\y
es rattlesnake oil for rheumatic pains. //
boil*. bruised skins and swollen Joints. // /Z\\
besides a dozen other flesh and bone dls- II // \\],
orders. The rattlesnake king gradually // // W
drifted into the unique industry by sup. // // //•
plying in a small way the wants of mm- // // //
ers. who constantly kept rattlesnake oil // //
In their cabins among the mountains. // // «
The old man roams over the mountain 11//^.
fides. searches through Irrigatinr V YV
citches and arroyo*. climbs up and * / \ ) y
dtwn in canyons, and travels the coun. A' 1/ '//
try for mil** sround in search of rattle- //\l 1/ ///,
Brakes, with now and then a shot at \\ \*\. l^s
eorr.fc giime. He has acquired a remark- : I X. / \ S
able acutenets of perception for the \V V /^-— *-
presence of a serpent In his vicinity. "1 //£^"VT
can enieJl them a mile off now." he says. / f/f
He is a hard-headed man at a bargain / l/As\
and a threwd judge of human nature. I ll — "7
A reporter rode horseback seven miles I y^s
among the bowlders and along the trail of \ #n,^O'v
Lfftle Creek Canyon the other day to set - \ c^Sf
Abner Dodge, "the rattlesnake king." by \*
which title he is generally known in this A
part of the State. "I reckon." said the griz- • f ' €ye
zled old fellow, "that I know by this time a. thln;
few things about rattlesnakes. I ought to. I have can '
lived next-door neighbor to the critt<:rj Jump c
for twenty-five years. I have got attached Rlm a . rol
to them in a way. but yet I wouldn't trust P l *. B / 5 " and he '
a EinsJe one of them a second if he v.as Another thin
!n reach of me; but I'm telling there aren't eats unUI his dif
more wiselike and curious specimens In 5 ™, pt /; X 1\ c cv
the brute creation anywhere under Gel's «"" ,i he st . oma F
blue heaven than the hated and despi^i f! c " th ' ml.hlmtllm I . hlmt11
rattlesnake*. I could sit here on this lo* times
•11 day and tell you things to prove that. J mouse evlrv (
Only human beings have the sagacity ut a rattler fat in
those crawling reptiles. How many have pet rattlesnake t
I J^ an ? led ln my d^ y? Oh ' about 2500 or a *e « mouthful
<000. I reckoned it up two years ago. an 1 anything A rai
it was then about 3300. I guess Dan and known to remain
I have got some 500 or 600 more since then, captivity withoui
The best season for snakes I ever had was and then all of a
elor.g in the summer of ISS4— the same his appetite. \V]
j ear Blame ran for President. Well, that a cage at the a,
year I got over 500 snakes. Three times Put a young dove
I ran into snake nests ln spots " ;
where no white man had been for
years, and I got over thirty snakes . m^ mtmmma^ m
Jn one ppwal timpp. But it is
too risky dealing with snakes so i^^^HlwnTg^l'.*Jti'JM
numerous as that, and I'm too old X !
to risk my life m such places any !¦ ' |
more. Yes, I made over JCOO that )T . j ' £
summer. . You were asking about '•}¦ A &£s&*&
rr.ake oil. Why, I get about 40 cents' ti-~><. '<"i~ : f
worth of oil out of each snake. Th» h v V- ¦"-"¦>?•
oil is in pure, white fat that lies in '¦¦ '¦'-.; • ' -Ik
little strips along each Bide of the rat- : v-~j'~:S^ -'^-S.
tier's intestines near the backbone. v ~~~~>~~f''^_J'--- '/*
The fat in tried out carefully in |J-T^- r -----"'-'*^-"
tarthen pots. All you have heard |i.
About hanging snakes up tn the hot U''/"- ; '¦ '-U<~" *</<
tun bo as to let the grease frizzle out H"-- "¦¦ '• ''^^T^Z;
of them ln the eunshlne and run down
Into a crock below is Infernal non- I .' 4 TV *- ;
ter.se. - * {'¦ ;~f-J?~
"Yes. Dan— that's my adopted son — \ '•^Yi''/t'('t/iy
end I knowall about how folks think ]Kf»*£ : if')/*^-
I'm crazy, because I'm in the enaks ¦[^K'^f.yl^f^J
business. I've Been lots of ranchmen W - s!'&sbsF} /
down in the valley laugh about ma i "*y»'^<> fyr^t
•when they Bee me prowling about
¦with my enakestick and my gunny- It''twM/
eack. on my hunts for rattlers. And
there are women who run like f %^ Wl&jfeiS
feared coyotes when they see me //fe^^§^^??s
coming down the road with my / £ *^£»sSl&Wjr'
bag of snake carcasses. I'm used ' %< +s&%3B2ssi
to such treatment, but Dan, over /pV^-iVto
there, he hates to be treated so be- r / -?.'¦ '^^^V^U'
cause his adopted dad is a rattle- fi *^^oi-^^S«
rn?.k» catcher. 'S^-*^/)- jfiiSf
"I!;:« thf- snake F»a?on opened yet? ?kS«L "!oKb£
Well. 1 should say it had. Dan got V^Tk^^-'ffllKt
fi\i rutiiirs <>nr> day last week and f^*^/^xvUs&'
I've got twonty-two right ln one lit-
tie vslley Just b«-yond Han Antonio <sC%S/w4fc*i»?l&"
Mountain. Somehow I ft-el It in my ro^jOTpfitjWfcSftl*
bones this is polng to be a big sea- V t^gjfv^^x^c
fon in our buslnpss: I was looking
fit my p*-t rattler this morning and, »^Ur^sriE.^
by K<:m. he Sfems in the beFt condl- « *^r jSSjW
tier. I've «een him in two years— ">3~\ I"
fat. rkin oily and eyes bright. So I • J%^V«£«lSa
can reckon all snakes are thriving !* >"ri">^&^&i.
now. and we'll find a lot of fat in '* : *^Sb^^
them. That's what makes th* '^V^^*^?*^*
money for us, you know. "&-'*s" : <sj\ff^ v^y
"You've heard about my pet v>X'V'v^* i S\^
pnake, have you? Lots of people i> ; 'i?"^i'%!"'^fei
have heard of 'Doctor.' That*« — ii^-v'c^2^<.
¦what I call him. I wouldn't cell ?
'Doctor' for the best horse and "V -V*,'
buggy in San Bernardino Valley, i -?^S"'-i2^\/i- '¦-"- \
About all I know about «nake«* j J * Jr*
habits I have learned from him.! , *¦ -v^~. ¦¦. .¦- t *- >^:
He'B out there ln a wlr« cage, and /•- ~
•very day I'm home I go and cc« .2/ V 'r-/
how he's getting along. I've raised %IS.
'Doctor* from the time he wai tvr« • f/l'*X*£.
months old, and I got him In a nest ""
after I hod killed off the mother. Dftfi -^i^^ii^i™
and I axe so attached to 'Doctor* that w«
would let the whole enake farm go rather than lose him.
But we nave to be careful, for he's got powerful fanga, and
Jt&W/Cr'^y M&r 'three months -
U>*T '¦ . . *¦? M&Sr later. In Sei*
' '*":-3?J&3r 'ember— and that
IJSIP^bS^ if they can't get to
" Js> i *\^tsjr water while they're
'^o^^ Fhed.ilns their skin !t will
sttjr come off slowly and In pieces
**^ Instead of peeling off in one
/hole pirce from head to tall. I
heard that In cold climates rattlers shed
skins only once a year. But I've
never caught on to just how snakes
get the skin cff. I've, gone to bed
at night and left 'Doctor' without his
showing any more signs of peeling him
self than if he'd been a stick of wood, but
In the morning his old clothes would be
lying in one corner of the cage and he'd
be as bright as an old-fashioned patch
work quik in his new ones.
"Lots of folks all over the world be
lieve that when a rattlesnake Is shedding
his skin he Bets blind. There is no mis
take that his ryes do get covered with a
bluish lilm at that time, but just pin a
mouse In his cage and see how quick he
will coil up and s?nd for it and hit it in
the neck every time. I've done it hun
dreds of times.'; A ) rattlesnake always
strikes for the reck, and ho always
strikes his prey before he eats it; but you
may fill his cage with rats or mice or
frogs or anything else he likes, and hell
never touch one of them unless he's hun
gry. He kills only enough for one meal,
and when that is swallowed anything and
me a. thing that's left >
I have can crawl ° v er h!m,
Jump on him and tumble
him around as much as he
pleases and he will never say 'boo.'
"Another thing— a rattler never
eats until his digestive machinery if
empty. I've cut open snakes "and
found the stomach empty when I had
seen them hunting for something to
eat, and I've watched Doctor more
times than you've fingers and toes
A mouse every other day will make
a rattler fat in no time. I had my
pet rattlesnake ten months before he
ate a mouthful or drank a drop of
anything. A rattlesnake has been
known to remain fourteen months in
captivity without eatJng or drinking I
and then all of a sudden begin to find
his appetite. When I put Doctor In
a cage at the age of ten months I
put a young dove in with him. Xow,
- Mr. vanaerDiu 9 Kiicnen ia reany very
beautiful to tho eye. The purity of marble,
the luster of tiles and the gleam of metal
are what . one sees. The floor Is of marble,
the shelves, the table, the sinks, all tho
things that are rarely moved are of marbla
and cut with the precision of Jewels. Th«
nails ar# lined with cream enameled tiles,
nnd all the angles are covered with brass
moldings. Where the tiles meet the doors
and windows they are covered with these
metal moldings. The celling Is made of
white enameled tiles set in cement. But
one does not imperil the head of a $10,000
cook with a loosely set brick, so each tile is
also secured with raised metal bolts. Accent
uating all this gleam of white and metal Is
the huge double range. It is set In one cor
ner under a large semi-circular hood, en
riched with embossed copper ornaments and
swung from iron bars wrought in spirals
and foliations. The hood is fo powerful an
agent in carrying off the odor and greasy
•team ' that It will waft from the hand a
newspaper held under It. '."?*.
The cooking utensils are In keeping with
this eplendor. They are of copper, with
wrought-lron handles, many of them orna
mented. Leading from the kitchen to tho
butler's pantry are spiral stairs entirely en
closed In glass to shut out possible cdor yet
retain the light. And this is so successfully
done that although the kitchen is directly
below the dining room and butler's
pantry, nothing disagreeable
__ makes Its way. aloft. It
S^fif***^ Is by a hose which may
jKftriJt^^. play fearlessly la any
¦|(yL^rt£7 > >>w -sart of the room
/have per
j B^^fe m«at, aro
wltn der
\c^BZr V' ' lck an A
Yi W^r lfft - whl c h
r-*^^ \\Wf rene>\.'9 ths kitchen
SSjlttt^ \\fr •' a * ood deal of un "
ZT^Si^ ll# pleasantness, as every
~~ housekeeper may ltn-
i\ In. proportion to
YA its sizo England
VA has eight times as
, many miles of rall
5^ w»y as the United
•tote.- _ . _
when I couldn't ftk rrwng with her b«» v\
causa she'd go trailing rattlers and would '(':,
eat them up before; I -had a chance to get yy
the fat out of tdgvn. Don't you know, Dan, . V
how we found bo many rattlers' heads about *
the hills : and canyons, that we saw how the
old sow was killing off our crop of snake* and
¦' x vN^W. that - but there>> V-^j£M\
sjj&g&lNk^J no rula t0 by - Bom ' ¦
'^PsßraN*^/ - animals and birds will keel Vw>M
m.v * n:]»^' ; right over dead as 'a boulder; vcntm VwCW
1^ '-¦ I've for hours and days, and others get VVrrl
P^^^W^^ well ln ¦ few noura - There wer« those 1 \tfn*T
Z-r ' ;i \V two mules of ; Colonel Fellows down : ln L Vtrr
*^gMi< V *":.- \ . El Monte last i summer.; Both were Wt
k^^^Sv" 'S?'^^^ % ¦ rattlers and ¦ both; died In two boura. • . ,^n
ifcX V .-wiT'. 4l I've known dozens of mules to be bitten : ,-^
-^^S^^V * s -\1 before, and they. wer e all well again In a ;
s i^ s^(Z^is?xl>4 l * a y or so - Last f al1 ' J Baw D °? tor » m *
:i '\\ : »nake, give a little gopher a 1a 1 big bite and
\ : ~i)sU' s/" '^*7 "' 1 "lots of poison," but the. gopher,' lived : for ».
s^?sS^rJfrS^vs^ I ¦'"¦ day. I have known a rat, to die five; 4-
¦¦•¦'• minutes' after j Doctori set: his fangs In .his
V<r~> ', ; f neck, and I have known one to live more
*!*"=» ?\ ' p than a day after being struck. I turned e-~
..':T- ¦',,-' ''/*' little bantam hen Into Doctor's 'cage V one. '
' ' - "V/ day, and when he struck her It made her so
/ mad that she turned and pitched into him so
?','- '-••;¦' *£ fiercely that she drove him Into a corner'bleedlh*
\* } 'f like a stuck pig. I was afraid this excited little fowl
/"' J^T ¦ would kill him and, l took her out as soon as I- could.
'• • "•'• s\^r kee.ed'over an hour afterward, and I supposed of.;
'^^^^^ «/urse that she was done for with "all, that rattlesnake poison
-la her, but' she lived three days In a stupor, and then gradually
5 got well." ¦ "Tell him about how them ; air hogs go for ¦ rattlers, pop."
tne uecior, just 10 see wnat n« .1
would do. That dove lived with the
snake ten months. I've often seen it<
and Doctor sleep together, sometimes^
the bird being perched on the Enake"
and sometimes wrapped up In his colls.
At the same time the snake got away
with a gopher, mouse or a little squirrel
whenever he felt like eating. An accl
dent happened one day and the dov«
flew away. Two days later, when Doc
tor was asleep In the sunshine, I put
another dove In there Just exactly Ilka
the one that Hew away. I stood off at
one side and waited to see what would
happen when the snake woke up. • 7
made a noise and Doctor woke. Th«
snake wasn't foolod any. In two sec
onds after he saw the new dove h#
killed her and the last 1 saw of the
bird it was disappearing vtry slow*
ly down Doctor's tnroat. That, by
the way, is another thing l'vt g
learned from that there pet rat- Mi
tier: It's surprising how mucb MM,
ignorance there is about how Mm A
snakes oat. They never eat Mm . M,
what they can't kill them- Jw'Ws.
selves. Doctor would \jZr)4w£m
die before he'd eat J^rS'tw^M
thinss killed fo~ .^^V^-JsliiThe pianist has chosen. to leave ft as It
always has been; a great sprawling house,
spread . out >ln ,; the . midst .. of " stretching,
lawns that • slope ; away ? to^ meet a forest
whose end lies : beyond ¦ eye-reach. Three
fifths of the ". vast 5 estate ;¦ of " Kosna ; con
slsts of .this forest land,: and 'among the
oaks,; pines and Scotch 1 firs their owner
strays. ¦ Perhaps the > wind and ) the trees
sing to him as they. did to Wagner.
Around the house, writes a correspond
ent. Is a newly laid out park of some M 0
acres, some parts of which , have been so
recently, planted that their perfection will
be seen; only; by another generation. All
around ¦ are well ; wooded ! hills and fertile
valleys,*. watered by swift streams. ; Away
off to ,the^ southeast a sharp, angular line
Is sketched ; across = a ; shining } sky. .This
line is made by the peaks of the Car
pathian Mountains.' 1 ¦-¦,'•;' . ;" : ; ,'." •*
% On 'lazy,; days! the pianist can go fishing
In his own front : yard. '* There lies an , or
namental r lake well stocked with ' carp,
and -" M.' - ; Paderewskl : likes ,to catch ¦ the
carp.' He is human as well as artistic.
-The', house where Mme. Paderewskl
awaits her, husband's return is furnished
in; dark, : : warm ",. tones .- and is as • fulPof
silken hangings and cushions as_ the mod
ern ¦ home ' maker knows how to . make' it;
The .' old-fashioned : style iof .-building j pro
vided t: two ,_ detached wings, ' and -one lof
these is now used for offices and domestic
quarters,'. the other.be.ing reserved for. vis- 1
itors. ¦ For M.~Paderewski?has: a hospita
ble soul. ¦¦',¦? He likes Uo^ sit at the (head; of
his Polish table and . see a double line of
choice Polish' spirits beldwihlm.V- Not but
that he is a true host to the guest of any
nationality , but a fellow , countryman is a
fellow countryman3£33raSQSßB3£BSNtS
.': His, friends know this home-love of his.
During one of his visits to New York he
PADEREWSKI Is no more. The god
of the Ivory key*, he of the : halo
' hair, the poetic features, the:reed
like grace; -moreover,; the bachelor;
he is but a memory. Instead of him comes
another sort of a personality/ bearing hU
name ' and professing : his ; skill. But ¦ this
man is shorn atop: he is a bit stoutish of
build; above all, he is married. Who Is the
Impostor? ',"'.;* ;.',:;
Alas for the one-time worshipers, he is
none other than the hero of a few years
•go, but transformed.' True, he still plays
the piano, and right skillfully at that, say
the critics. : But critics are a cold race of
beings, who car* not a whit for the length
of an artist's i hair, or : the , build . of . Mm,
or even the > state of - his heart, „ for that
matter. By" his 1 works they know him.
Adoring femininity , is different.
It is a pity to blow away the day dreamt
that : float about that same > femininity,
but it might as well be done first as last.
If It were not done now Paderewskl him
self would attend to the matter when he
arrives; and then the grief would be even
greater. In plain fact,' he is nothing now
but an artist",
. : When. he-left America the last time he
took < with him 1220.000 . as his profits : from
on* tour, less the amount left here for. the
Paderewskl fund. % Since that time he haa
been giving private performances in Lon
don at a neat price of 1000 guineas. These
performances .were '¦ mere incidents in : tho
course 'of his i profession: So -It -> will '¦ be
seen that he ; could -pretty well afford the
extra vagenee he has lately indulged lit— J
that of buying a Polish estate upon whion
to ; settle ". down • in married : bliss. It «s ¦in
the Vicinity . of KosnaJ'^The house is sixty
years old." and .there has been no attempt
to make it over in accordance with mod
ern Ideas of architecture.
many a suggestion concerning ths trala
lng of lesser pianists, which she has un
dertaken. "Have your pupils memorise a
great deal and let them begin as early as
possible." was one bit of advice. "Hold
the wrist low and raise the fingers high"
Is another maxim. He wound up by say
ing:
• "A great deal Is said about various
methods, but I think that a good teacher
is the best method to take In order to play
the piano. Hard work may achieve tech
nique, but touch is born only in the art
ist." ¦ .
Until starting upon this American tonr
he has been actively engaged upon his
Polish opera, which will be produced at
Dresden upon his return. The tltla of tha
opera is not announced, but the composer
has confided to a friend that it deals with
the gypsies. Paderewskl has studied them
as few In Europe have ever done, and he
knows their life as if he were one of them.
The opera will be produced under Capell
meister Schurch, and the composer ex
pects to overlook rehearsals. Perhaps thia
opera means the beginning of the end, so
far as our personal knowledge or the nsan
is concerned. He is reported as savimc
that he will soon abandon his present pr3
fession altogether and devote htmsel: to
composition. . "I am not as young as I onca
was," he said, "and I see clearly that, no
matter how assiduously I practice, my fin
gers will soon be" less supple than they
once were. I have thought it advisable to
cease' playing in public while my reputa
tion i 3 still at its height. Instead of wait
ing until, the public and the critics find
cause to remind me that I have lost some
what of my skill and deftness."
s There's the artist for you, forsootfcl ,i
was entertained at dinner by an old Ger
man friend, who both' knows and can af
ford the good things of- this world. Late
In, the evening the party;, was Invited up
stairs to the German living-room. They
found the' room furnished In true German
fashion; dark wainscoting, porcelain stove
and loaded table. A group of people
dressed In Tyrolean costume greeted the
guests. '¦':. •]¦''. "
It was a delightful surprise to the
stranger In a strange land, and M. Pade
rewskl did full Justice to the convivial oc
casion.' ] Vlt Is ¦ home^ again." he sighed
comfortably, and. leaned back dreamily to
listen to the series of Tyrolean songs that
was passing about the table.
All of a sudden the guests were startled.
A little American girl .was. at the table —
a governess in the German's \ family. The
party had supposed that , she understood
not • a \word of the songs, \ but when her
turn came what was their surprise to see
her .'calmly; stand and sing : In the purest
German Ia v bewitching-, topical song that
left all previous singers eclipsed.
"Brava! „ fraulein, braya!". shouted ?.I.
Paderewskl, leaning across the table and
shaking hands with the modest : little
American. 'Then he deliberately forsook
bis lionizing friends for the time and en
tered into long and delightful conversa
tion >ith : the little governess.'
He Is as kind as* tie is brilliant. The oth
er day, this same little governess, who is
now Ja' music teacher, saw ¦ M. ; Paderew jkl
on a train near Baltimore.- She approached
hlm'and with a. few words recalled ~.0 him
the incident of ; their ; first meeting. "Yes.
yes; how. well -I remember." he exclaimed
heartily. And together they settled down
for another long; chatty conversation. .
The pianist gave his admiring listener
Is This the Same Paderewski or Another Personality?
was to find work. -It may be owing to
the fact that I am an Indian. *I have
answered dozens of advertisements In per
son and by letter, but have never yet been
able to secure .a ; permanent position.
Some: one was always, ahead and Jumped
into the pool whilelt was troubled, and
whei I arrived the Waters were still and
I wi * Informed that the position was
filled. It Is such times as these that try
the young man' - soul, whether he be red
or white, and who can blame him under
these circumstances when he goes out Into
some quiet place and there shuffles off this
mortal coll?
¦ /As far as I know I am the only Indian
m the city and there are times when I feel
lonesome. The other evening I had a
spell and heating that the Iroquols Club
was to hold Its regular gathering, I went
up and attended their meeting. They are
a poor specimen of the original Iroquols,
and instead of the pipe of peace and blan
ket there- were white shirts . and • 5-cent
cigars and the .venerable chief, was
stretched "out In a chai ri fast asleep and
snoring violently. '.,
Shortly after ! I arrived , in this city a
pleasure. He told me sev
eral lies of great magni
tude and among " other
things said that he did
not drink. 'He tried hard
to be my friend and the
last request he made was
that I should go over to
Oakland on the night of
his supposed marriage. I
did not g0,.; for I was
afraid he was -telling me
another He, but. two or
three days: later I heard
the story that he had
married an .heiress . and
her father and big brothei
had , brought such , pres
sure to bear that. he; left
for I Seattle . to impose
again en a good-natured
public. I do not'.; miss
him, but I have a longing
to associate with the peo
ple of my own, nature and
ever there la an,irresist
ible longing that wlir yet
pull mo on board a
The Indians are as one large family and
hold things In common, and the stranger
Is always fed and sheltered If Ihe be
worthy. The greed for money has not
yet crept Into their midst, and hence they
are yet In advance of their white brother
In this respect.
The motto of civilization seems to be
"Make money, make all you can and al-
TMJS 'BUKDAT' 1 UAIiJLi.
An Indian Talks of Civilization As a Appears to Him El Newsboy
him my troubles. He looked wise and
gave me a little vial of stuff and told
me to give him " fifty cents. The fifty
cents made my pocket-book ache worse
than my stomach; but I paid It and went .
on my way In distress. It Is needless to
cay that the mixture Increased my agony
and I was finally forced to lay it aside.
The most difficult task I ever undertook
long-haired specimen in buckskin, bear
ing the name of John Sitting Bull, made
his appearance. Mr. Bull - claimed' kin
ship to the famous medicine man. Sitting
Bull, who led the Custer massacre and
lost his life in the last uprising' of the
Sioux, but I learned from other sources '
that he had the gift of lying to a marvel
ous degree and practiced it for gain and '
steamship that will take me back to the
scenes of my youth.
On Sundays I take a car ride to Golden
Gate Park and bury myself in Its midst.
That la the nearest to nature I can get,
for in my youth I enjoyed the freedom of.
mountain and forest. A few Sundays
past I visited the animals of the park.
Their captivity and condition corresponds
•to the present condition of my own peo
pie. There were the magnificent deer and
elk, but their spirits seemed dull and'out
of place. . Farther on was the monarch
of the forest. He lumbered about in his
iron cage as if he longed for his freedom.
Farther on was a sight that caused my
spirits to fall; it was the herd. of buffa
loes, a remnant of the animals that once
held sway In North. America. The buffa
lo and Indian go together, and as I gazed ,
on the downcast form of the big brute
that still seemed to rule I could not help
seeing a corresponding picture out. on the '¦
plains In the venerable chief with down* :
cast' face and the remains of hjs band '
hemmed In by a cordon of soldiers. i
' I passed on and entered the park mv- I
ieum. There I beheld the products of '
?>ast ages held as curios, and among other <
hlngs were clothing and Implements be
longing to the Indian race. It seemed to
me that the Indian had already dlsap- ¦
peared as a race. Some marveled at the 1
exhibit and others who were ignorant }
made slighting remarks of the different
articles. I controlled my feelings and left
the building to return to the haunts of '
civilization. !
A few days ago a little fellow approach- >
ed me and after securing a safe retreat" <
said, "Say. Mister, are you a Filipino?" J
I replied In a pleasant manner that I was
not and at the. same time told that I was j
an Indian. He looked frightened, but
after a few words spoken In a kindly tone <
i
every r,ua?tlr with. "Say. Mister, are you
M T h^£ many things In civHi »Uoa
that impress me deeply. The peoP l * ' «®
subjects for study. Standon the street
corners as I do and you will f« e . e%^
species of man from the refined to the pe
graded. There are those w . h ° a JL e hrt k _™
and generous and there are tl»sewtoue
the opposite; there is the busing man
and behind him treads the bum. who
would not work if he had a chance.
People seem bent on pleasure. After
the strain of the day is over they goto
the theater and dance hall and there gne
themselves up to, enjoyment. I have of. en
followed the crowd and have landed in
either the refined high-priced theater or
in the undersround den, where every kind
of people may be found, from the w '";
dressed spendthrift to the most degraded
man and woman. There they drink and
thus spend their money, and lives that
should be spent In doing good are thrown
away. The Indian has been reproached
time and again for his love for firewater.
Go upon or down any of the prlnlcpal
streets at night and from the large num
ber of staggering men and lamp-post sup
porters one can readily see that the In
dian Is not alone in this obnoxioU3 habit.
I am often asked the question as to
whether or not the Indian will ever dis
appear as a race. It Is an established
fact that the stronger race always absorbs
the weaker and the same Is true with the
Indian. . , ? •'.*.
The greater percentage or Indian srlrls
who are educated in the Government
schools intermarry with the white rac*
and thus th» process of absorption goes
on. . Education, too. is destroying the
characteristics of the Indian of the past.
Take the genuine Indian, deprive him o.
his long, unkempt hair, remove nn
blanket and other Indian attire, then don
him in a civilized garb and you have a
new man. I have a complete Indian
dress I often put it on and am a sav
ae» nnce more. How different it ma«c*><»
the Indian feel to be free from ungainly
garments of civilization and to eriloy tn*
comforts and ease of the dresa or hl3 race.
8
OVER three months ago I left the
Indian Normal School, situated at
Lawrence, Kansas, for this city, to
do for myself, and to use the first
clbfs education that I had acquired
through the generosity of good Uncle
Earn. For ten years I had been storing
my mind with useful Information, and
during this period I was a constant as
sociate with Indian boys and girls from
different parts cf the country- In Carlisle
alone there are representatives from over
elxty different tribes. I grew to love them
all and formed an early resolution to
nerve the Indian race Instead of my own
tribe only. This I have tried to accom
plish by creating a public opinion favor
able to the race, and In this I feel that
my efforts have not been In vain; but
there Is much yet to be done. There.are
prejudiced minds that yet believe It lm-
possible to civilize the Indian, and con
demn the Government for maintaining
the large number of Indian schools now
educating between 25.000 and 30.0)0 Indian
children. It was to convince this class
of their wrong that I left my. people. I
wished to show them that an education Is
of use to an Indian, and although I have
to sell papers on the street until some
thing better offers itself, I shall do my
best.
I arrived In this city November 21, 1539,
with money enough to keep me for one
day and without a friend to call upon.
Then the trouble began, and I experienced
the reception of a cold hard world. As
I walked up and down the streets with
an empty stomach, I formed my first opin
ion of civilization, and that opinion was
unfavorable. Never in the midst of my
ov.-p cwt'le dli I -»«e<i food «r she! tec
ways get the best of the bargain."
I have observed the business relations
between the white man and Indian, and
have concluded that the Indian is doomed
to ever receive the worst of the bargain.
In. barbarism he would trade- and the
shrewd white' man would always leave
him in the lurch: in civilization he is
doomed to the same fate. Speaking in
dividually, I never yet came out ahead
•in a bargain. A few days ago I was
taken violently ill. While In deep agony
I stepped into a drug store and a slender
palef»-")e oAme vi antf *sked me to tell
What STTjatißroWi.^aS'to
[ Jay as a %%d yHan Con-i f
Fpa.ncfS.coyV, iewnveyeS to his mind. Technical Caws hi"
grammar, lcglc. rhetoric and general rules
of composition pass by unnoticed. But to
the man who records every word, phras«
and seV.tence exactly as it is uttered the
6peaker api>ears either as a finished and
Inspired artist, or as a careless and in
competent workman.
Some there are v.hose productions bear
the high pollen and finish of care, culture
and education, white most lack one or
more of these indications, and a consider
able number are barren of all. Not a few
appear upon the rostrum and In the forum
with as little apparent preparation for
their work as (toes th« laborer who it
hired to sweep the streets of San Fran
cisco. And tne results bear convincing
testimony for or against the diligent and
educated and the indolent and ignorant.
While it is Dot in any sense the duty
cf the stenographer to become a critic of.
the men whom he is engaged to "take,"
yet ho unconsciously becomes so by rea
son of being brought so closely in touch
with their «-.fforts and methods. Many- a
valuable hint and t-uggestion might b«
eecurtd by attorneys and public 6peaker«
If they would -but consent to accept an oc
casional pruning or trimming by an ex
r>«Ti stenopraijlu.r. One of the main rea
sons that make the t-horthand writer -a
valuable critic Is the i"a<:t that his labor*
are cither made easy or difficult according
to the merits or faults of the man he is
r' porting. The man whose sentences are
clear, bimplfc and well turned— signs of the
true orator— is a joy to the man of th«
notebook while the man who fails to
compete his thought or his sentence— and
there arc not a few such— is the stenog*
ranherV l»*te noire.
\mong the public speakers of eminence
¦who nave visited San Francisco and
emonp the local orators and attorneys the
' stenographers of San Francisco have run
the entire gamut in the categories men-
Goodfellow and W. B. Tread
well arc "considered the fastest talkers
heard In the courts of this city, and ara
pronounced veritable terrors by the steno
irraiJhic fraternity. Treadwell is. if any.
thins the mor.- dreaded of the two. Th«
av< rajre rate of th<- practiced speaker if
f'-om 130 to IM word* a minute. Tread
well has a capacity for talking from nva
to six hours a aay in court and at the
average rate of IVJ words a minute. In
cluding stops for referring to law books.
Jf a reporter ur.ee falls behind him he.
can never hope to catch up again. For
this reason, v. hen he is billed to appeal
reinforcement:? are <al!ed Into service, and
his rapid-tire delivery is taken by two
m»n one cbefklng the other in the tran
scription of his argument. V.'hat one hn«
fa'U-d to pet the other usually transfixes
ur-^n his notebook: Bttta ir*aaweii ami
Ooodfellow talk well, and the transcrip
tion of their effusloz* I* therefore, less
difiicult ihar. it woul-i be if they wert
less <arefui in the use of language.
General W. H. I. Barnes and D. It
• Del-ras are generally bracketed togethet
as the most finished speakers ever heard
on the coast. Their delivery is the ideal
of the stenographer. It is sow and de
liberate; their words; are clearly enun
risted-Vtbcir sentences cut like, crystals
and -re rounded v ith a precision and
T-Hv-i+im th-it eive Pleasure to the short
tenKw S we'll as to the ordinary
aU v:Vlliam Jennir.jrs Bryan, so far as de
livery i« concerned, sumrts hiph with th*
RHk»ri,of ••tick?. d(»is and stems. II«
£>"c*ks the -verage number of words per
m'ifute ami his enunciation is excellent;
Em hi- productions frequently require
editing to r*Ct«fV disagreements between
nouns"and verbs and other minor lapses,
due. undoubtedly, to prelessness.
Charles S. Wheeler U a sort of con to r
tiorl-t in the use of languafie. He vrttl
take a lenience two or three typewriter
pnpes lons <from 340 to 750 words) .and"
trill be bo full of parenthetical clauses
?,d involve phrases that tN; transcriber
j s in a continuous m«z<; in his « ndea\or
to find the nouns and verbs that ko to
tret her. but they are generally a" there.
enn doraite this drawback Wheeler is i both
eloquent and convincing in argument.
T C- Van Ness. Milton S. Eisner an 4
U*<tt Sullivan are in the very rapid «»«"»
"rpd m«ke the reporter earn his W \* rtaf
TiVnever they have a day in court. "Van
Ness dcveU-1,8 his speed in examining a
He. elves the latter no time for
Thought Tf his question is not.lmmedl
itHv «nf«wered.he quickly gjsiwes thj
?n'm of it or asks another. His theory l»
ihs7jn thH tray he is most likely to get
it th" truth. It sometimes happens that
Van ICewi will ask ouestions aggreßatinir
3W cr 1500 words beforj. he jlvm* IT"^ 9
in orr>ort«nity to reply. Milton S. Eis
ner puts the reporter on his mettle when
WHAT THE SHORTHAND WRITERS J^lik HAVE TO RELATE ABOUT THEM-
I>r. R. Beverly Cole, for a man whoss
profession does not tend to develop publio
speaking as a rule, is a persona grata
with the stenographic profession. He is
said to be one of the easiest men in the
city to take. His language is choice and
he is quite fluent. Dr. Rosenstirn Is mo«
rapid, but the merits of his delivery and
language, make him a comparatively eon>
f ortable man to report. Dr. McNutt show*
a defect that Is not at all uncommon to
most speakers. He tells to form his sen
tences as rapidly as his ideas com* to
him. and is compelled sometimes to lour*
his sentence, unfinished.
John Garber, with au his iwww •#
THE SUNDATCALL
f '^« Üb Jlf speakers a "d attorneys could
hear themselves v shorthand writers
I hear them, there would Undoubtedly
A .be a vast improvement in oratory and
argumentative speech. The ordinary
listener rays little heed to anything
twt the ser.se and effect sought to be
it comes to the argument. Very few can
take him verbatim. Ex-Judge J. F. Sul-
Itvan is also one of the very rapid speak
ers of the local bar.
J. C. Campbell offers no difficulties to
the reporter. He is seldom moved from
his slow and deliberate habit of speech,
even by an aggravating, adverse witness.
GREATEST TALKERS IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA
4©glo, Is not a smooth speaker. His mz>»
tenets lack finish and he frequently re
peats himself for the sake of emphasis.
These peculiarities coupled with > the fact
that h» la a rapid talker make him, aa
undesirable subject to the *horth«nder.
Robert T. Hayne la ranked among ths
most difficult of the local attorneys ta
handle by the reporter. His points ara ar
ranged in the most orderly manner, but
I bis sentences are very much broken. His
Ideas come faster than his mind can
frame them Into words and the result la
that his tongue trips, his words halt and
his sentences are lame. Yet ex-Judga
Hayne is looked upon as one of the clever
est men of the profession in this city.
Charles F. Hanlon presents difficulties
to the reporter, because he is rapid and
fails to clearly enunciate.
Andrew J. Clunle Is so carried away
with his vehemence, both in the examina
tion of a witness and in argument, that
his words come like a torrential stream
and make him one shunned by the sten
ographer.
J. B. Retnsteln shows long experience
In public speaking: and the stenographer
easily accommodates himself to nis de
liberate and graceful style.' ¦
Judge Morrow, clothed with the dignity
of a Federal Jurist, discreetly adjusts his
method of utterance) to his office and is
•low, deliberate and clear. Judge Hunt
of the Superior bench Is faster, than Mor
row, but equally clear. "
Congressman Kahn is referred to as a
more than ordinarily polished speaker,
with a very fine delivery. Not a word
that he says is lost to the ear or is even
Indistinct. Reporting him is more a pleas
ure than a taak. * ' ¦ ¦ ¦
John P. Irish makes the shorthand
writer "sweat blood," as one of the fra
ternity phrased it. He frequently Inter
sperses his speech with anecdotes, and
these are told in a conversational style,
ftrhlch is much more rapid than the argu
mentative or oratorical.
W. H. Mills is a fluent, rapid and clear
talker. Every sentence is turned Just
right, his vocabulary is unusually larga
and his frequent use of adjectives Is al
ways in good taste. His efforts require
little or no editing. He possesses the re
markable ability to both talk and write*
Well. Shorthand men pronounce hint
comparatively ¦ easy, though unusually
rapid.
A. F. Morrison, owing to the rapidity
of his speech and his poor enunciation, is
sometimes difficult to understand. ¦ His
Ideas come too fast for his tongue, with
the result that his words appear to tum
ble over one another. E. S. Plllsbury
presents a direct contrast to Morrison.
'He is slow; clear and smooth as a talker,
and his phrases are rounded with all th«
evidences of a finished rhetorical style.
Governor Gage is a slow. and deliberate
public speaker, but when he has not very
carefully prepared for thn occasion his
•entences are badly strung -together.
Reuben H. Lloyd, while a comparaOre
ly easy man to take in an address, Is
very.- rapid in examining an adverse wit
ness, and gives the court reporter many;
a bad- quarter of an hour.
Garret McEnerney is one of th* least
difficult men to report. While he Is some
what rapid in argument,' he keeps directly
to the points at issue, never indulging in
florid rhetoric or involved ideas or sen
tences. *
Ex-Judgf Slack Is a fast talker, but his
¦tyle is good." and shows that great cara
has been taken in preparing for the effort.
T. ,J. Lyons gives little cause for com
plaint- to ' the stenographer, except that
he is somewhat addicted to th# uso of un#
usual words. A. A. Moore sins somewhafc
In the same war by originating: peculiar
phraseology. He is rapid, but his sen
tences are beautifully turned, and he has)
• a fine rich voice, which makes every word
fee utters perfectly distinct.
Ex-Congressman Maguire is one of th«
¦lowest public speakers on th» coast.
His delivery is good and his remarks re
quire very little editing.
M.-M. Estee. who ranks as one. of the
most profound lawyers »of the State. Is
far; from being a model public speaker. .
He is hesitating, departs from hia ideas'
¦before. he has completed them, and his.
•entences require the most careful doc-:
torlng ¦to make them read sensibly and
correctly.
Senator Perkins Is easy to take, but has ,
gained the reputation of rarely saying {
anything. -
Irving M. Scott Is forcible, logical and, |
clear. He shows unmistakable evidences;
of wide culture and never addresses an .
audience without leaving it with the lm- (
pression that he has really told It some
thing new and Interesting.
Senator 8. M. White makes one of the .
best speeches heard in California. He is
clear and deliberate In hi 3 delivery, and
his remarks read as well as they sound,
which is 'a great deal more than can be-:
.said of most speakers. WHllplM
• "W. WV Foote is a veritable demon when
he has in hand an adverse witness who ha
thinks is not telling the truth. Th« i
questions come in a volley and with a ,
vigor that disturbs the stenographer as :
much as the witness. He is careless in'
his grammar and in style, and his '
speeches sound much better than they
read.--.- '- ¦..-;"•¦ . ¦once from the pastel fad, and tht
brighter colors have their charm by
the way of oddity.
The only walking shape of the
group is by Mme. Herts Boyer. It
tilts forward as if it were going to
slide over the zveare/s nose in an
other minute, but it never does. It
takes several smartly jeweled hat
pins to ward off the catastrophe,
however. It woidd take another
column to tell about the hat
pins of the season. "That's an
other story."
This hat is made of straw that
matches to a dot the shade 'of the
violets that adorn it, and those vio
lets in turn match to a dot the flow
ers that greet your eyes at every
t Market-street corner. They are
huddled in plump bunches against
the rolling brim of the hat, and un
der them lies a bed of their own
green leaves, curled a wee bit at the
edges. High against the crown
stand loops of pastel blue silk that
add unto the picture of the some-*
body beneath.
-w The cherry hat by Camille Rog*
ers is as blazing as ripe July, and
it was created for none but the
Spanish-eyed maiden. From the,:
red velvet folds on the crown droop^
heavy, glistening cherries on slen
der stems, just as they droop from
a summer bough.
The Mile. Held is another whim
of Camille Rogers, and is as bold
a thought as ever milliner harbored*
Mile. Rogers has a fancy for the
fruits made this year of 1900, and
upon the Mile. Held she has tzvined
a grapevine that loads the brim and
falls forward in a mass of fruit
and leaves and tendrils in good
September style. The grapes are
purple enough for the wine press,
and they look, as small Gladys ob
served, "more real than real ones."
An irrational bow of black French
velvet gesticulates jt pan the crown,
and a little novelty in the shape of t
a strazv buckle clasps the folds be
hind. Against the hair comes a
facing of white satin covered with
black tulle.
The Virot design is a garden
party triumph. It began with a
LegJiorn braid, but the braid zvas
soon lost under the lace that the
artist used. Real Renaissance it
is, loads of it, heaps of it, and forth
from the lace blossomed the daint
iest of French roses. They are
pink roses, pastel pink themselves,
and' under the brim is crushed pas
tel pink silk, caught in its folds by
a three-barred jeweled buckle.
They are dreams, all of them.
To be sure, the tints and materials
warrant them fleeting dreams. One
hairing fleeted, the only remedy i»— »
bust another*
rOO know the colors that
the sky wears just after the
sun slips away. Pink is one
of ijiem, the faintest kind of pink.
Then there is a suggestion of blue,
no deeper than the tint of a bird's
egg, and green and yellow and lav
ender that are only hints of those
colors.
Somehow the Paris milliners
have had their eyes opened to those
sky colors this year. Probably they
have seen them from their zeesi
windows as they were shutting up
shop during all their professional
lives, but it has only this season oc
curred to than to use all their com
binations on professional palettes.
The result is an Easter flaunting
of what they call "pastel" designs.
Of these Mrs. Gage has imported
some notable selections.
There is the hat from the Mares
cot Soeurs, for instance, with a
crown of heliotrope. Tuscan straw
as a basis, the artist has piled up a
great drift of ribbon rosettes in no
less than four of these elusive pas
tel tints. And there is no danger
of their not harmonizing; the sky
painter says so.
The Esther Meyer design carries
out the pastel idea in its foliage.
The wreath of leaves is colored af
ter the fashion of little budding
leaves that hardly know whether to
be pink or green under the spring
sunshine, and make a faint attempt
at both. Mile. Meyer twines her
garland about a puffy shape of real
Renaissance lace.
- The forget-me-not garden comes
'from a pattern by Linn Faulkner.
What peep of the hat may be caught
beneath the mass of blue blossoms
is seen to be of Neapolitan blue
braid, and in among the flowers
snuggles a fat silk rosette of the
same shade. A facing of black vel
vet makes the design safe for any
complexion.
A gold c::J y:"j- z>:C. -'."af
fair comes from MLhniczvics Cv- '
vce. It looks to be merely a flurry
of white tulle and gold lace, caught
into a form of possibility by folds
of pastel yellow velvet. But there
is a method in the madness of it
that the amateur might as well give
up trying to imitate. The chances
are that she will throw azvay her
wire and pins in despair, and serve
John an exceptional dinner prepar
atory to a technical milliner s bill.
Mine. Pouyanne builds upon a
simple shape of white straw. It
amounts to nothing more than a
low sailor caught up a bit to the
left of the front. But nobody
guesses its modest origin when
viadame has done with it. She has
dressed it in great . rose foliage that
shines as bright as a rosebush after
the rain, and she has flanked this
with huge rosettes of icicle blue
ribbon, every one hiding away
twinkling rhinestones in its heart.
Madame has departed for. tht
THE SUNDAY CAI/L.
10
THE LATEST PARISIAN
FARTER HATSth* shore, xrhich they 'kr.'w wa« nrar. but
which the intense darkness prevented
their eeeing. The water In the hold gained
rapidly nv.6 coon the firemen were up to
their wal^ta In water. A few minutes
; i'rr vhe T.ater rop<* to their shoulders
nfi th«?j- wrre obliged to »w!m for it.
}''•; '.';, the wafer rushed Into the fur
r.d'.ts." putting out the fires, but almost
b: the Ban-.o moment the keel of the
doomed steamer grated on tlie bottom and
the tcrisicn for the time being was over.
The race against time was one of the
rr.jst thrlllirg features of the wreck, but
IX was not by any means the most dis
agreeable The landing of the passen
gers and rr»w was accomplished with d!f-
Ociilty and when they found themselves
F.fo:y on shore their condition was but
iiUle improved. The epot where they
landed was a narrow strip of beach not
irrre than f.lty feet long and fifteen feet
v'3e at high tide. It was flanked on
eUber elde by precipitous cliffs. 500 feet
I jrh, end backed by an icy glacier wedged
into a narrow gorge. For two days and
t!^ee nights the unfortunate castaways
w'rre imprisoned on this email patch of
).. ach. clinging to the. projecting rocks to
prevent beirg blown ir.to the e«a and
t l;rr.bing the glacier as far as they could
v.henever the tide rose to ketp out of the
¦water. They managed to get plenty of
'provisions off the ship. M they did not
Buffer from hunger. They were also pro
yMed with blar.k»t!«, but they spent the
whole of the first night without any
Efeelter from the elements of any kind.
Xbe next day the crew managed t.~. get
f^rne cabin doors and timbera from the
¦team*?: and built a rude sort of a hut.
•t Stormed continually, rain and snow
ft'"errit:rg. but the weather was not
severely cold, if it had been the whole
< u'fit would have perished the first night.
On the third night the storm abated and
•re boats were immediately taunoheu and
milled nine miles up Uyak Bay to the
Pacific Steam Whaling Company s can
r.erv Hert they found shelter and fuel
end* 'managed to exist with *ome .l.;gree
It comfort until their rescue by the
Steamer Excelsior on February 27.
The wreck occurred about 11 o'clock at
, 'trht The Wolcott v.as on her way from
•L' to Sltka and had put in several
Jjls poking in around the little bays
2oS 5* i^ands. looking for the steamer
Voide'i Gate Which was reported missing
wWch it was thought might be lying
up in some cove making repairs or await-
. rB a*,istanc. On the night of the wreck
a c Wclcott left Karluk and beaded for
Ivak Bay. about elfbteen »'"^ s distant.
The rvgnt was clear and ciilm. but when
the passengers w, :,t below at 9 o'clock a
,r'«knonh«-«t wind was biowlng. Cap
tain B"O»- retired about 19 o'clock, leaving
Pfl£t*K«en ta charge of the ship. For
Lme unexplained r.ason the pilot ap
n. "rs according to the storios told by the
naasensen to have hugged the coast
££hXer than safe, keep
,.. h-12 a mile inside the course marked
on the* Government charts. Suddenly
the^e was a trermnduus crash as the bow
..f 'tic steanier "a*, driven on the rock.
V raeraeat Uter the tbJp was lifted by a
wave and Cropped e.n the rock amidships.
Another wave carried her still further
forward a:.u d topped Her etern on the
reck.
Captain Saow jrosbed on deck at tiic
first alitrnJ backed the vessel off the
ro6k I'--?'- e<?r Tneodor* MorroM report
ed that uk jrater was rlsbUl in the hold
iird that the »Wj» could not be kept afioat
xrcie Uuuj Cfteen minutes and the race for
llfe bega::. Where the resae! went on the
joclcs fchc v.us vx;,cstil to the full sweep
of the sale a:.J the oi.ly hope cf salvation
lav in wetting on the oiuer side of the
r.olnt. where ifae force of the wind would
When ¦ihu'vtazh came the passengers
turcL.i«ci cut ct their berths and started
cnueck to tind out what was the matter.
They Ciil not -'.Vfcd t<* ask. however, as
the of thr rusi.ing water and the
roilii 'if "f J-'eJ -' e 'vessel toid the story only
too rlkixOy. The j)Uot uppcare-d to lose
his h'.ad comiiJeteiy for the time being
fc'r.d sunff out "every roan for himself," aa
he dive-d into his room for the most valu
able £,t his possessions.
LMward 11. Benjamin, the well-known
mining tr.eineer of this city, wa» a paae
en«r on the Wolcott and he givet a very
vivid description of the happening on
th.nt eventful night.
"When I heard the crash I Jumped out
no tiope of getting away until the storm
abated and we could venture forth In the
boats. At low tide' the ship was high and
dry and at. high tide the water was over
her upper deck. Whenever the tide came
In we liad to climb up on the snow as
far as .we could and drag our baggage
after us. The v.-ork gave us plenty of
exercise and prevented us from suffering
Bp'oWrf 5 PggTYrjgs.
Continued From Pace 4
Miss Feltram was turning from white M
red and then to white again. She. turr.e-1
away with a quick little gesture and no
words.
"I havo come because I have never been
able to forget you." hs said, quietly. "And
I suddenly realized that I could go on no
longer without knowing whether you had
forgotten me. Your. father thought ours
was only a girl and boy passion. . Dot"—
his voice was very low and deep— "was it
only a girl and boy passion?"
She made a swift sign of denial, and as
she, <Ud so ho caught her hand in his.
"I've wanted you ; ,all these fifteen
years--," he said. "Wcn't'you come to me
at last?"
She tore her hand from his hold and
covered her face. Then shn dropped her
hands again and turned her face, flushing
and quivering to him. •
"I love you, Dick," she said. Quite sim-
ply, "I always loved you. If you want
rr.e— after all these fifteen years— l'll come
to you."
Dcnton met Brown as he came out of
tlio drawing-room.
"Ueen having your say about Colonel
Manisty?" she asked. "Doesn't seem to
have done you any good, anyway.'-'
Some hours later Denton rushed down
Into Brown's pnntry. She had just fin
ished dressing her mistress for dinner.
"Says is off!" she cried. "Miss Fel
tram's just told me she and Colonel Man
isty's engaged to be married'"
But she spoke to an empty pantry.
Brown had been summoned' to the draw
ing-room.
"I must tell him myself," his mistress
had pleaded. "I hurt his feelings.. this
afternoon, and I don't want to do it
again, poor old Brownie! Besides Dick,"
she nckled. half laughing and half crying,
"do you know that this — that it — is really
Brown's doing? Just before you came he
had told me that he felt that it was his
duty to warn me against you, and — and —
the worm will turn!"
f r.o,ra,,thc- cc,Jjl,4JUKiugb,~iha»weatr#r was
comparatively mild.'
"On Friday after midnight the storm
blew itself out v and ,we at once took to
the boats and rowed to the cannery, nine
miles distant.- It was a hard pull, but
we knew we were safe when we got there.
.There were only three men ;statloned at
'the cannery at the time. . two watchmen
land a cook, but there, was plenty of fuel
.and shelter.' such as it was. We arrived
'there on the afternoon of. February 2 and
)remainfd there until the 27th, that is the
rest did. 1 chartered a fishing smack to
)go tv Kadiak. ninety miles distant, and
> carry the new* of bur wreck and to send
'down a schooner to pick us up. The
; schooner came along in a few days, but
'Captain Snow ?ald: the Excelsior was due
\ along. -that -way any hour and he was
afraid if he left he would miss her. The
) other? concluded to remain also, but I
.went to Kadiak on the schooner and the
'Excelsior arrived there at about the same
\ time "and received the first news of the
disaster from me." We then went down
)and .picked up the rest of the Wolcott's
.passengers and the crew and sailed for
' Unga and thence came home by way of
) Seattle." ) ' -
'. Mr. Benjamin was sent to the northern
'region five. months ago by the Alaska
) Commercial Company to examine some
mining properties. He was ready to come
)home last January, but could not get a
.vessel coming down until the Wolcott
'came along.
I George C. Mayon Is the son of the su-
Scenes Aboard the Wrecked Steam Whaler Wolcott
3\9Q Ciever Xifile Jan Francisco Favorites to Appear at the Orpheum.
v w 9 m ¦'¦¦:¦¦ •
rot^ know how far. away it was.
We row*Vljibr'Ut f t mlltvione yvav, arid then
in' ith3.?tfitr^vilrccoShTaW"ftnaily,.i th3.?tfitr^vilrcc0ShTaW"ftnaily,. after
"abouT an ¦ hour, t fie boat bumped ag/ilnst>
the rocky cliff. Mayon and I jumped out
antt dragged the beat up on ji littla strip
of beach,, where the other boots soon fol
lowed us. The sailors made several trips
back to ih<> ship and .secured « good sup
nli' o^^prjiyisiciis.-»aß<;^lilaaketi»»- but wfr
had a- rough time of .it. . . We 'could not
climb the cliff, for the- walls were almost
straight up and down, and we could not
climb the glacier! except, for. a few feet
until wo had cut steps in the ice. The
next morning ' we found that there was
the rhlp struck the rock they were locko.il
tip in a ror>m-». Bowers tv.'i* so busy try
- ire to ram hinvMSif 'Ui&V he forgot all
about his prisoners, and they would have
drowned like rats if they harl mt su^ceed
etl in smashing the door to their prison..
"I went in the first boat with the May
ons. Wo could not see the land, and did
of my bunk and drawing on my prf.rn
boot.*, f-tartod out to see what wan the
matter." *nid Mr. Benjamin. "As I start
ed up the comnanionway, the pilot
rushfii pa.=t mo. I a*kcJ him what was
the matter, but instead r.f answering m«
he went to his room ari'i began pa^*[juß.
h!« valise. I followed tult and tben'w^ut
on deck. The- water was galni'ig fist and
it looked for a time as though we would
never make land. There was some ex
citement, but no panic. The engineer
stuck to his post until the last, and one
of the firemen proved himself a herd
His name is Charles Khrick, and he-was
a gunner on the IT. S. S. Trenton when
that ship was wrecked in the great storm
at Apia, Samoa. For some reason he
had shipped on the Wolcott under the
name of RowHI, but he showed that he
was made of the right stutf. He shoveled
coal into the [urnacea as long as he could
get any. I saw him at work with the
water up to his shoulders. Finally fie
went clear under the water in search of
one last shovelful. When he appeared'
above the water again h« said to the en
gineer, 'It** no use. sir.' But his work
had been well done. ;ind the ship grounded
almost before ho had finished speaking.
The captain ordered the boats cleared
away at once, and this was <lon«* under
the direction of Second Mat* Wood. We'
had one woman abourd, Mrs. George C ,
Mayon of Vr.ga. who was comfr.i? ilowu
to visit her parents, accompanied by her
husband. Naturally, we wanted her to
be the first to enter the boat to go ashore.
Just as she was ahout to step in, Drputy
United States Marshal 1... 1.,. Boworc, an-*
other passenger, rushed u;>, and pushing
her aside, jumped into the boat. It was
a cowardly thing to do, and wo felt like
skinning him. Bowers wa3 taking three
prtconors from Unga to Sitka, and when<
'toucher than with thnt girl or boy! Give •
\me a trial, anyhow, won't you?"
Miss Feltram could not have told how
)it happrned. Perhaps consideration for
K hor visitor's feeling? was at the bottom
'of it. But a fcv.- minutes later she v.-.it
\walking by the side of Colonel Manisty,
who wheeled her now bicycle.
) "Do you— do you find them much
changed at Ferries?" sho askrd, a
'dopperate attempt at an oa?y domeanot.
> "Not a'ijit," he answered. "The children
[have grown up, of course; I don't -?our.t
)that For the rest, the fifteen years I
have been away seem to go for nothinu!
'I don't know how to believe that it is ftf
jtcen years." he went on in a low voice.
"It seemed to mo yesterday that not a day
(bad passed since I paw you last."
) He paused, and then he suddenly stood
»?ti!l and looked across the bicycle at Miss
'Frltram.
) "I must bo mad. I suppose, to ipeak vj
, soon," he Fafd. "Of course. I meant to
/have 'waited and — and felt my way — but
iwh'en I saw you yesterday I knew that I
'shouldn't wait. Do you know why I have
)come home?"
wreck that they confuse the men. Th«
purser told me he would go and* see what
had happened.
"Suddenly I heard the water rush ii>
torrent's into the hold of our vessel.
Presently the bells rang an order to back:
her. Then Captain Snow came down and
told them to get me up and ready to leavs
the ship. In a moment I was dressed and
we- got upon deck, where the truth iru
very soon realized. The email boats, un
der the direction of Second Officer E. B.
Wood, were launched with great difficulty,
as the tide rose and fell and the waves
washed over the vessel continually.
"I was the first passenger Into the llttto
boat, and I can't say too much !n praise
of the sailors and men for the kind treat
ment they accorded me. What a contrast
it was to the Bourgogne affair. It Is quite
true though that Pilot Keen did rather
lose his head and he did make the re
mark. 'Every man for himself.' But if all
men act like they did at thi3 wreck It Isn't
so bad after all.
"One of the sailors in our boat had no
more than shouted 'There Isn't any beach*
than we struck against a small cliff. My
husband jumped out in hla big rubber
boots, and in five minutes we were ashoit-,
although the breakers were still dashing
over us.
"I shall never forget how hard thos<»
men worked removing the baggage and
provisions. Soon pieces of the shattered
and torn bottom of the wrecked ship
drifted ashore and we built a fire, but
Captain Snow stayed by his ship for over
three hours longer and displayed excep
tional bravery. -."i -;.
"There was only about fifteen feet of
beach between the water and the cliff,
towering 400 feet high. Up this incline we
had to climb as the tide rose, and as wa
clung to the projecting sharp rocks fre
quently pieces would crumble off end
strike us.
"On the third day the men managed to
launch a boat and they rowed nine miles
to the cannery, returning with a big rtory.
Into this we packed everything, and with
high tide and new hopes we started for
the Pacific Steam Whaling Company's
cannery on Kadlak Island. There we had
to remain from February 2 till the 27th,
when we went aboard the Excelsior up
to Unalaska. for she had to take the mall
up. From there we returned to Unga and
then to Seattle, a Journey of eight days.
From Seattle we came home by rail.
"So far as Deputy United States Mar
shal L. V, Bowers' "crowding aside tho«<»
who were trying to get me Into the first
boat is concerned. I did not notice It. It
xeemed to me as if there was considerable
prejudice existing against him. But It H
true, he got into the first boat, and after
a while I heard rim say. 'Oh. I've forgot
ten ray three prisoners.' We were tclil
afterward that these prisoners kicked
down th« door of their cell and were also
rescued." - ¦•
, Mr Mayon 1* justly proud of the cour
age exhibited by his wife during the try
,lm: ordeal. .
1 "'lt wa:< "retty tough on that beach
'wit* out shelter except bedclothes, but w*
'managed to get along very well under th*
circumstances. We had plenty of hot
coffee and plenty to eat. We picked up
driftwood ard got some real that washed
ashore from the wreck. We made a grate
of the sticks, piled on the coal and had a
hot fire. At night we lay down with our
feet to it like a lot of Indians. We could
not get out of that hole on account n£ th*»
tid» and the storm. At low tide w*
could walk around the wreck, but at
high tide we were driven back upon the
snow and we "had to exerts- our muscles
dragging our baggage up after us."
When Air. Ma: on 'oarded the vessel at
Unga he p'need in charge of Purser
Leyshon a $15,000 gold brick frcm the
Apollo quartz rr.!ne at that place. Th«
brick and all the valuable mail waa saved
by the purser and brousht down by the
Excelsior.
The steamer Golden Gate, in hunting for
which the Wolcott met an untimely end,
prrived at Seattle on the very day tb»t
the Wolcotfs survives reached Kadiak.
It appears nh» bad broker* her shaft when
off Kartlak li»tnnd ar.d had at once turned
back for Seattle under sail to get the dam.
a?« rer»tred.
! The Wolcott v.*a* f'»rir>'*rly n revenue
\ cutter, and w«i<« sold to the Pacific Steam,
' Whaling Company several years ago. She
I was considered a go-d vessel and tho»"
i oughly seaworthy. Th« passengers, offl
| cers and crew of the Wolcott when, tha
; sfarrer wa 1 ? l"»st wer*>:
Pa.'iep Brers — George C. Mayon and wife.
Un<"a; E. 11. .¦Ren 4 a*nli. S«n Fr»nci»co:
L. L. Bowers. Deputy United States Mar
shal. Un*r»: John Wild. Unga: James
Toomey. Unga: Trafln* Lukauen. Unga..
The crew— Captain Samuel F. Snow;
J. H. Levshon. ourser: James Rand, first
officer: K. B. "Wood, second officer: Theo
dore Morris, chief engineer: George J.
Murphy, first assistant engineer: J. W.
Keen, pilot; Charles Rnwell.' fireman:
W.--F. Van. fireman, O. Kitmaur*. stew
ard: "W. Goshimer, rook; M. Mat«uri.
»ook: R. Johnson. ThoTta** Sea ton. Wil
liam Henrys and John Crosby, seamen.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
RAN NTN^
MILES
v/TTH TRS •
WATER
PCURTNS TNfO
THE SHIP
X VY * >'»"<¦•' Pteat hoies in her
\ A / '**' '¦¦'"' uc!: *U!ch the water
W \/ poured i-.<. Lr&nrcdons raV.no*.
V *¦ thrcatcting every minute to
sick !i. ! »Hh nil on board, the
BTr-am n'halcr lYalcott, R'liich iru wreck
ed on K:>M.r.k Iriaxid. Alaska, ou the night
' ' .*. .r.u; .->¦ :;i. raced tor r.:sc niiles around
ft rocky v:.;!i:..:,tory ;n a desperate effort
¦-• ri ach a Mrall crvc wrhere Captain Snow
thought there v. as a bare possibility of
beaching lier. Tli*:e was absolutely no
alternative, r^r optalde. where the vessel'
Etruck \\\f rock, the Kind was blowing a
paif and i»ie si.i was running s^ high that
It m? impossible to launch the small
'. .beats. The crcincer crowded on all
fct-am, a:i«: wi:ii the faint hope c* safety
ahfaO ar.d the certainty of death behind
th<-:- ; . ?;, board Jhc sinking s'nlp waited
and Btralsod Itaelr <\v*s for a fe-limjjse of
CREW AND
PASSENGERS
OBUGED t©
CAMP '
AT THE FOOT
OF A GLACIER
perlntendent of the Apollo mine at Un
ga, and his wife is an Oakland girl,
daughter of John Murry. 974 Twenty
fourth street. They " arrived from th*
north none the worse fcr their experience,
although both declare th>y never want to
repeat it. Mrs. Mayon gives a graphic de
scription of "the wreck of the Wolcott.
"It was not a very stormy night." she
said in describing the scene preceding th»
disaster. "\V> had passed the Karl'.ik
Heads, and then it grew very dark. I was
lying wide awake when the Wolcott
struck . ¦ I knew instantly that she had
struck on a rock, though ray husband be
lieved .It wa"i» ri whale. I rushed to thf>
door and, as composedly as I knew how.
asked the purser what wast the matter. I
was perfectly cool; I had always heard
that women yet so excited during a ship-FEUS BCENDAY GAUL.
12
OUR OREGON
SISTERS¦r—^ RANKFORT, Ky.. March 24.— F.
jj Wharton Golden of Barboursvllle
j' was to-day put on the witness stand
JL (n the examination of Secretary of
State Caleb Powers, charged with
conspiracy to murder Senator Goebel. He
I did not hesitate in his replies to questions
and his testimony made a deep Impression.
According to Golden Caleb Powers was
one of the prime movers In the bringing
to Frankfort of the mountaineers Just be
fore the assassination of Goebel; although
Secretary Powers simply instructed him
to "bring witnesses who were mountain
feudists." yet Golden understood that they
¦were to come to Frankfort for possibly a
more sinister purpose— that of "cleaning
out" the Democratic majority In the Leg-
Ilslature. Golden brought In the name of
Governor Taylor In an incidental way;
also the names of Culton. John Powers.
Captain Davis. Charles Flnlay. Judge
Bingham and others, the plan to bring
the mountaineers to Frankfort having
taken on a wider scope than expected. It
1b expected the Commonwealth will rest
st the conclusion of Golden's testimony.
Golden was eelzed with a slight hemor
rhage during the morning and adjourn
ment was taken earlier than usual.
Attorneys for the Commonwealth say
that Golden's testimony Is practically the
capstone of the whole structure of evi
dence and expect to "prove by It not only
that a conspiracy existed, but also who
were implicated.
The courtroom was Jammed long before
the hour set for the examination and a
large crowd remained outside. .
Golden as a Witness.
Secretary of State Powers was brought
into court this morning and Golden was
the first witness. He said he had known
Secretary Powers for about eighteen years
p.nd that he knew Mr. Culton. He was
also acquainted with Governor Taylor and
Captain John Powers. He said he was a
friend to all of the defendants. He was
in Frankfort In January and February
and saw Sfcretary Powers nearly every
day. He was In Frankfort on January. 1*
and went to Laurel County for three or
four days, from there returning to Frank
fort.
"From there where did you go— to Bar
boursvine?" asked Attorney CampbelL
After hesitating the witness said:.
"I won't answer that.",,'
"When did you have a conversation with
Secretary Powers T' . . -¦ . . .
"When Mr. Powers and I left . here . to
gether. Colonel Powers told me to go to
3 1 arlan County and tell Postmaster John
Hirst to send down ter. witnesses in th»
British. If he stands to fight he may be
detained for. some time. ¦' .-'¦ ¦
-'-'/Lord I Roberts has how.;been more than
ten days " at ;Blo»-»mfontein. ¦-¦ He seems to
wish r to settle the country-behlnd him be
fore going on. Probably, too. he has ex
tensive X prieparations to ' complete. His
next campaign will go Into the , dry sea
son, when the nights are of ten, very . cold
and the .veldt is : dry and bare. He will
want his men equipped for this. season
and his transport service qualified: to be
as near: independent as , possible of grass
and water.' '.The design no doubt, ls that
General Buller in the next advance will
move, simultaneously with Lord Roberts.
General Buller, perhaps is not ready.
; "Lord Roberts will, shortly have the
eighth division and may also form of the
troops now. available a new tenth divi
sion. He will then hav>i In his own hands
70,000 men and General Buller will have
40.000. • ¦'^y£&ssS&BBmi&&
"The former force need not necessarily
be moving . all on one line, for It would
be easy to form a third column to cross
the Vaal 'River =at Kimb«ri«r and turn
any Boer, defense on that river. In view
of these. figures and the known power of
Lcrd.Roberts, as a leader. I attach little
importance to; the Boer declarations that
they will make a big fight. If they stand
before they are driven into Pretoria I ex
pect they will be enveloped. They may
defend Pretoria, but that can help them
but little. It. will be a question of weeks.
Roberts may be looked for. north
of the Vaal at the end of April and be
fore Pretoria/ if the Boers fall back, to
that place, in the first half of May."
:• ' • ' * ' ! •
SATISFIED WITH
ADVENT OF THE BRITISH
BLOEMFONTEIN, Friday, March 23.—
Advices from . Thaba Nchu, , between
Bloemfontein' -and . Ladybrand, *on the
Orange Free State border, dated March
2J. ' says General ' French's force Is ; resting
there; and distributing ; Lord Boberts'
proclamation.-- Brand.' a son, of the. for
mer Presldent'of the Free State. Sir John
Henry/Brand.- continues: his" duties as
landdrost." He appears quite willing to
co-operate with the, ; new regime. The
people generally outwardly express satis
faction with the ; advent : of the . British.
The insurgents .. in the ,; northern part of
Cape » Colony have . been detected , in an
ingenious swindle. It appears that before
the -departure iof ; the Boers , .they pur
chased . quantities .of the notes • of. , the
Boer*force,^ which' they are now present
ing to the British authorities.; demanding
compensation for property alleged to have
been requisitioned or damaged. The loy r
alists." who" are the ; actual losers of the
goods, are infuriated. ¦'_-
EX-CONSUL MACRUM
TO BE HEARD IN PUBLIC
• • WASHINGTON, ?; March _ ; 24.-^Former
Consul J Macrum Is to" have] an opportunity
to air! all of his "grievances . against , Secre
tary Hay Jn public* The original Intention
wasito'jhave :hlnv appear before the sub
committee • of ' the\Commlttee : on ' Foreign
"Affairs. /-behind £ doors; ~f as % his
charges concerned • the" relations 'between
the VUnlted '¦¦ States 1 and \\ foreign ' powers.
There J was ' &"i disposition ron ?; the ; part " of
some ! of i his friends. ; however. ' to r criticize
what : ,they called ; star.: chamber • proceed
ings;, and ', it , has ; been , decided ; to have the
hearlngslnextiweek before the . full com
mittee, and .with I open* doors. '•'. .
:.v?>i- v ¦ •'.- ¦¦ - ' » — '¦ — -:-..'... . .-
BRITISH OFFICERS SHOT
AND C APTUR ED BY BOERS
•?s LONDON^ March 24.'— At a late hour 1 the
War; Office posted ¦ the following . dispatch
from : General . Roberts : \¦*¦; • ¦ ' . ;. . ? -
••BLOBMFONTEIN. 1 - March . 21-\TeBter-
"Did he understand. what you meant by
that, and what was your understanding
of that request?*.' • '.: ..*
Objected to, but overruled.
' "I won't answer that." said Golden.
After some parley. Golden said: ? ,
"Well, men who would stand up and If
necessary go into that legislative hall and
kill off enough to make It in our favor. . I
did not see Mr. Hirst." I saw Hamp How
ard. I told him- we wanted ten regular
mountain feudists for witnesses. ,, We
wanted men who had good Colt's,forty
fives." < ':.'¦'
¦ "Were the Colt's forty-fives to be put in,
evidence?" asked Attorney Campbell/- ..
"Most assuredly they were," answered
Golden. ' •
Selected by Hamp Howard. •
In reply to a question .Golden said he
did not know the witnesses who came to
Frankfort. He < -livered the' message .to
Howard, on Sum" ay. a few days before
the shooting of Goebel.
' "When did you next see Caleb Powers?"
,"I saw him on Tuesday. - I - got •on J the
train ,at # Ferrls j Station,: Laurel County.
He had *a couple of men on the train
named Pease -and' Locket." He . told ;me
to ¦ take care of them. I next saw I Pow
ers in Frankfort.' I don't remember what
conversation •we had then." ' ' ?:
."Who selected the men who came 'from
Harlan County T" "_
FRANKFORT. Ky.. March 24.— "John Powers told me they had two niggers here to kill Goebel. . They were Hoc
ker. Smith and Dick Coombs." .'< ¦ ¦ . , ¦
This statement was made to-day by Wharton Golden, a frail, consumptive-looking Kentucky mountaineer, while on
the witness-stand In the preliminary examination of Secretary of State Caleb Powers, charged with ' conspiracy to kill
Goebel. Golden told a story of the events leading up. to the murder that. -If substantiated, 'will,' "ln '"the: minds of. those
connected with the prosecution, at least.' probably go far toward proving the contentions of the commonwealth that" the
murder was the result of a plan- In which .several prominent men were involved, j Whether. the_ defense , will seek, to, Im
peach Golden" s testimony in this preliminary examination is not known, as the attorneys for the def ense. will, not ]talk
on the subject: but unless 'such attempt Is made the commonwealth will rest Its case, both County Attorney Polsgrove
and Attorney Campbell being satisfied that enough evidence has been presented to. hold, the defendants on. the charges.
Golden, who claims to have been a friend to Secretary Powers and his brother, John Powers, for years.. gave testimony
that was particularly damaging to John Powers, but. he also brought .in. the, names, of many others, including Charles
FinJey. W. H. Sutton and Governor Taylor, in his story of the bringing of the mountaineers' to Frankfort previous to
the assassination. Governor Taylor, however.-was not directly Implicated, and ; the attorneys for the commonwealth In- :¦
tlmated to-<lay that they do not expect to have his name brought forth prominently in the_ story of v the; alleged con
spiracy. " , „*,¦.. ? .. ' .-,
Golden was not cross-examined to-day, and adjournment was taken at an early hour this afternoon on account of
his physical condition, the witness having a slight hemorrhage during the morning, becoming so weak under the strain
of the examination in the afjernoon that he beg-ged to b#» allowed a respite. He was quite nervous at times. 'Golden's tes
timony tended to show that' a plan was made to bring to Frankfort several hundred "regular mountain 'feudists,',' who
would. If necessary, as Golden expressed it. "go into the legislative halls and kill off enough Democrats to make' it our
The testimony did not show that the alleged plot to kill Goebel was part of the original plan," nor did it'contaln the
names of those who conceived that idea. But the: commonwealth sought to show by Golden's conversations with va
rious people that not only John and Caleb Powers, but others as well, had full knowledge of the alleged plan of as
sassination. - • ...
among the people the impression pro
duced is a most painful one. • >
It Is not exaggeration to say that they
feel they are treated. as a conquest, by a
nation stranger to their race. The dif
ference in - language, though' it accounts
for much; does not account for this feel-
Ing, nor have there been arbitrary mili
tary acts to create resentment. The
military authority in operation is a fic
tion. No one ¦ feels its weight er com
plains of oppressive actions. . The army
officers are well liked by the people. The
return of many of them to the United
States has brought out evidences of good
will. 1
Not to. know of this and the American
feeling, would be to be without eyes, or
ears. I have of ten. wondered during these
last • few days if .the American officials
are themselves aware of its intensity.
TIME TO DO SOMETHING
FOR THE ISLANDS
' BOSTON, March 24.— "Free trade with
Porto Rico" was the subject for discus
sion at the dinner of the New England
Free Trade ' League, held at the Hotel
Vendome to-night, and i the policy- of
President McKinley In dealing with the
Porto Rico and ' Philippine questions was
severely attacked. Among the. speakers
were Congressman De Armond of Mis
souri, President "David Starr Jordan of
Leland Stanford University and Patrick
A. Collins. ! Congressman De ¦ Armond
said: ¦- . - . . -¦ . - f " :S'.'yt ¦ '
"It has seemed to me that the general
sentiment on tariff laws constructed sole
ly; for. revenue Is unfavorable. What we
need -more.' than "anything else Is liberal
trade ' principles." I' don't believe In pro
tection as a doctrine or, policy, j I .don't
believe the present prosperity of th«
country is due to protection. Ton need
free and unrestricted markets. People
unobstructed and left free will buy and
sell where they can do so to the best ad
vantage. It Is not a matter of sentiment,
but commercial Interests. Just so far as
people depend on legislation alone to do
things for them. Just so far will they fall
short of what they wish to do. Tou are
in - the height and glory of your ability
In manufacturing. In the broad field of
manufacturing with a given amount of
money and a given amount of time, you
can compete with the - world. If that be
true the only question Is how you can
pain a broader field; how obstacles can
be removed. All history goes to show that
trade Is a pursuit of peace and that the
great triumphs are gained by the best
equipped.
"Theoretically and practically. I think
free trade Is absolutely correct. At least
it seems to me a- tariff law such as will
bring revenue, and only revenue, is what
you ought to labor for. The Porto Rlcan
question would be a farce If It were not
a tragedy."
President Jordan said Porto Rico and
the Philippines were not the only coun
tries oppressed by us, but that we had
mistreated Cuba, the American Indians
and others In the same way. He spoke of
aristocracy, militarism, slavery and im
perialism as the four great evils of hu
manity, speaking humorously of the "ad
vantages of Imperialism."
¦ Patrick A. Collins said we could not af
ford'to break our pledge to Porto Rico
any longer. He said he would like to see
Cuba' and Porto Rico set up for them
selves.' and he believed no European power
would Interfere with either of them as
long : as . our Government attended to its
.business and relied on the Monroe doc
trine.
American Sovereignty Appears to Have
W*!m UCCII Ci l_Jll^llv • vlll LllV
"HANDS UP, OR NO QUARTER."
. . (From The Spear.)
• According to; the; London papers. Instances of^the Boers alrasrn* th» prtrl
lege i of . the white flag and the confidence Jof the* British to whom they havo
offered to; surrender, have". been so ; frequent that . orders tave been Issued to
the. effect that no. attention shall be paid to offera ot surrender unless the
arms are, laid down at once.
- "Hamp . Howard. He selected : thirty
men besides the ten. j Caleb Powers, I
think, selected. the men from Knox Coun
ty. ". There were about*, seventy or. eighty.
Jim Sparks,; County'- Attorney in Laurel
County, selected the:, men from Laurel
County." ,
"When was It determined to bring the
men to Frankfort?"
"I don't know."
Army of Mountaineers Wanted.
The witness stated that at London Pow
ers said he wanted a regular .'army of
mountaineers . to come to Frankfort. .
In answer to further, questions' Golden
said Powers . gave him, Jl6O ; to , give *to
Judge Bingham in Bell
- "I. gave some of it "to Bingham to send
ten men down to Frankfort," said Golden.
." The witness also . said he gave Howard
$73 80 for ten tickets to Frankfort and re
turn.' iHe knew some of the men ¦ from
Bell County. Most of them were moun
tain feudists. About twelve or fifteen
hundred men were brought to Frankfort
They;were fed back, of the State House.
Captain Davis and . Charles Finley pro
vided the provisions.- Continuing Golden
said: ' : " ¦•¦ ¦
. "yVe sent some of them back that night.
By '. 'we'-. I ¦ mean . myself, Powers, Davis,
Culton and Governor Taylor. Finley Tay
lor and Powers decided to send back all
except-" ten or \ fifteen > from " each • county.
I selected twelve armed men to be kept
from - Laurel County. About 175 men L . of
the ¦ mountaineers i brought ; to | Frankfort
remained here to see that we got Justlc«."
', t'Dld you have any: further conversation
with ' Powers regarding the 'work to be
done^by. the" men coming here?" • ¦ ".- /;
sir. ;: They understood
were kept * here ' for." We knew that those
men ?. were here to:¦o :¦ go - into -' that * legisla
tive ' hall : and ". If necessary • i clean out
enough Democrats to make a majority on
our side." : ',
i The answer created a sensation. :
Had ¦,- Neg-roes Hired.
.- . Golden „ sidd '¦; he. ¦ ,was in j the executive
building , on the day ; before the shooting.
He • met* Powers '-In • Governor," Taylor's
anteroom. -: Powers ? asked him '•} to sgol to
Louisville that ; day. \, He told ; John;Pbw
ers that he was going to' Louisville with
Caleb Powers.-, -; \ \; : ; ¦ ¦ ¦ :
During a lengthy argument over a tech
nical : point Golden became ¦ ill 'and court
was 'adjourned 'to' 1:30 o'clock.^ ¦; . \ •
Golden j resumed 'X his ' ; testimony," at * the
afternoon . session. ;. He said - John . Powers
and - a -¦¦ black-eyed.-" mustached man , had ¦ a
day , Lieutenant Colonel Crabbe. Captain
Trotter and lieutenant, the , Hon. Elygon
of -the Grenadier Guards, and. Lieutenant
Colonel - ' Codrlngton of - the ¦ Coldstream
Guards, rode eight or nine ; miles beyond
their, camps on ; the Modder j River with
out'escort, except one. trooper.. They were
fired upon by/a party of Boers and Lieu
tent Elygon was killed and- Lieutenant
Crabbe, Lieutenant" Colonel Codrington
and Captain • Trotter • were : seriously
wounded.' The trooper also was wounded.
; "One of the wounded officers held up
a white handkerchief and the: Boers came
to their assi'^ance and did all they possi
bly, could; amending to their wounds. The
Boers. then; conveyed the wounded to the
nearest: farmhouse, where they were
taken care of." -
-. ¦ ¦
AUSTRIA'S ATTITUDE.
- .VIENNA, March 24.— 1t Is semi-offlcially
announced that the Government of Aus
tria-Hungary has replied to the South Af
rica appeal for mediation in the war that
it was only possible to take such a step
when both belligerents desired it and
that, therefore, it was Impossible under
the present conditions to accede to the
request made. ,- -
ARMS BEING DELIVERED.
- LONDON, March 24.— Lord Roberts tele
graphs to the War Office from Bloemfon
tein. under date of March 23 (evening), as
follows:
"There Is no special news to report.
The country south of this place Is gener
ally lettling down. Numbers of arms
hare been delivered and the people are
beginning to recognize the advantage of
bringing In supplies for sale. The move
ment -of ¦ the troops in the western dis
trict Is being attended with good results."
GENERAL WOODGATE DEAD.
¦.LONDON. March 24.— Advices received
here announce the death in the Moot
Hospital yesterday of General Sir Edward
Woodgate, who was wounded in the en
gagement at Splon Kop on January 24.
Kentucky's Great Political Tragedy, the Shooting of Senator Goebel.
The above picture, taken from Harpers- Weekly, shows the- scene In front of the State House at Frankfort, Ky.,
on the morning of January 33, when Senator Goebel.-.while on hlsway to the Capitol,-. was < mortally wounded .by a -shot,
from a window of the executive bunding, shown^on the right.^NunierpUSjarrestS^liSve/bjMJi^oade^of^pa^e^^^
suKpect^a of complicity in tfse crime. Including some "State officials . and -employes. ..'Secretary of State" Caleb .-Powers'
trial, now going on, is developing 'some of. the most Bensatlonal 'featured ever, known In I the political history *^of the
much-disturbed State. The Kentucky Legislature has offered a reward of $100,000 for the arrest and conviction of the par
ties who assassinated- Senator Goebel. I •- r.*- - - ¦ •¦,¦.¦' . .
NEW YORK. March 24.— The Herald
correspondent sends the' following
under date of San Juan, March 17:
The American military officials
'told me that the year and a. half
of American, sovereignty had j been a
blight on the Island. This was not the
echo of the Spanish or of Porto Rlcans*
feelings. They spoke their own views
with soldierly frankness and sometimes
with a word of regret for their own po
sition. '
Leaving for the moment the question
of responsibility," no one can doubt the
evidence of the senses/ The blight is
here. It spreads over the town and' out
into the country. Trade is dead and mer
-cantlle and industrial activity Is para
lyzed/ In the isolated mountain districts
where the entire dependence of the popu
lation is on coffee growing there !s still
': much misery and without- aid from some
quarter, the people would starve.
I have asked a number of army officers
who have been . stationed' in. the isolated
I sections and they tell me as much, but
they add that the tendency to pauperiz
ing the inhabitants is becoming pro
nounced, and that in the sugar and; to
bacco regions the relief i should be
stopped. In those districts there is some
work and money could ; be earned with
which ¦ to buy supplies and a ' little local
trade be set in motion again.".
? The* distinction between Spaniards and
native Porto Rlcans Is not a marked one.
Whatever may have been- their antag
onisms In the pasf t#day they are a
united class. The basis of their union Is
; hostility, to the United' States. ". ; .' .
. I suppose' it: Ib true. that, the .Porto
Rlcans welcomed General Miles and' the
; American- > troops as ¦ friends because
everybody who .was here at the time, says
a'o,% But ; all '.that Is' past. " Drifting around
In Certain Sections Aid Is > Not Needed, But in
Others There Is at Present a Prospect of
Great Destitution.
Special Dispatch Jto The Call,
Golden Declares That Secretary of State Caleb
Powers and Other Republican Officials Sent for
Mountaineers to Commit Murder.
PORTO RICO'S PEOPLE
BECOMING PAUPERIZED
TELLS OF CONSPIRACY TO
KILL OFF DEMOCRATS
Most Sensational Testimony at the Pre
liminary Trial of Qoebel's Alleged
ROBERTS
REMAINS AT
BLOEMFONTEIN
Delays the Advance, on Pre
toria Until Country Is
Cleared of. Boers.'
PRELIMINARY-WORK
BEING ACCOMPLISHED
By the Aid of General French's! Cay
.,' airy British Hope to Capture Big
Body of Boers Now Head
ing for Kroonstadt.
Special cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald • Pub
lishing Company._ ; _.
LONDON". March 23.— Lord Roberts Is
still marking time at Bloemfontein.
"At . least he has .not yet begun
pushing his ' army .northward to
ward Pretoria." but .the time -Is far
from being wasted ,by' the. British com
mander In chief, as an advanced would be
a risky matter unless the country, behind
him was fairly' settled . and cleared of
armed bodies of Boers before he set out.
This preliminary work is now. being ac
complished. Lord : Roberts ' telegraphs
that the country to the south of.Bloem
fonteln is gradually quieting 'down; that
large quantities of arms , have "been de
livered up to the British authorities, and
that the Free Staters are 'beginning to
recopnize the advantage of ' bringing. In
supplies for sale to the troops. _ * *
•Military operations in the western dis
tricts. Lord Roberts adds, are being at
tended with good results. That, of course.
Is another thing for' which- Lord "Roberts
Is waiting. He will doubtless delay also
until General j French -, has-- disposed of
Commandant Ollvler's .. retreating com
mando and is able to . report the country
free from armed Boers. :¦•¦.-'.: ¦•¦.-'. : ,-.¦¦-.
As soon as that time arrives word will
come of the British mounted patrols mov
ing northward to drive back any of the
enemy In the neighborhood of Brandfort.
General French, it is reported; is in he
liograhplc communication with C- Maseru.
Basutoland; which, ls ; about forty; miles
east of Thaha Nchu and ten miles south
of Ladysmlth." .' From '¦ this > point close
watch Is being kept on the movements of
the Boer tore* under Olivier, .which is re
ported to number about 5000 . men and \ to
have several guns. ; , . ; '¦„'
For. a time everybody; wondered ;what
had become of ; various detachments of in
vaders who ; succeeded 'in ' keeping f ;the
British ¦¦¦¦ at b%y ':bo .' long ¦-. at . Colesberg,
Stormberg an^d ; Dordrecht."^" It , : was \gen
erally,;supposed > that '-they, had.-all. dls
¦ per»ed ! In Ul*f Vst , t o liti&r: homes^butiihe
laHTst'Teportetdipuld that
a >' large' numDpr^of f'theinl have 'combined
and ; are' trying; to "elude the British, forces
and' reach Krponstndt.' \The belief:.is'gen- ;
*eral: ¦ here that , . with ;' Gat acre, •'; Clements
and • Brabant 'In . hot l pursuit ' and j with
French" apparently in position to bar their
way. they can scarcely' hbpe to escape. :'
"Should the. dashing 'cavalry commander
be able to throw even one.brljrade of.cav^
airy: withi horse: artillery, in -front of the
Boers -their; fate would be 1 sealed,*- so c the
military experts think. \ French's success
in thU operation" hinge's ' largely 7on' "the
question ;. of -^remounts. .."..^ Reports come;
however,, that. a large 'number;, of .'fresh
horses have been sent; up from Stellen
besch since the British entry into Bloem
fonteln.\ By the aid of these: the British
cavalry, should ,by now have practically
recovered Its mobility. "• " ' -"
- The> preventing ;of this column ; from
reaching the main: body' of Boers; would
be a serious blow; to, Kruger and;; Steynl
since I the republics ' are jin j urgent | need of
all the fighting, men they .can; obtain.VAll
the evidence goes ; to : provo the substantial
accuracy of. the report from Pretoria that
the Boer 'forces', are, combining if or great
resistance at. Kroonstadt and .that .they
will: fight. desperately. ."•.-. , . • f_. . ¦ ; ,¦•_.
» The Maf eking "problem, is still r puzzling
everybody,' here, now.' that Colonel Plu
mer*s little band- has 'been I checked 'and
forced to retire.' In', the absence of trust
worthy news 'of, the - : - advance* from .the
south many, persons seem to have. the idea
that a- force must;.; have- "started, from
Boshof; which, it will be remembered, was
recently occupied and ;garrlsoned by Lord
Methuen.- This is quite possible, *but, lt is
not ..thought ' by, military .experts .to <be
probable, because it is difficult to. believe
that a ; column -marching in 'a. northeast
erly direction from Boshof: would not have
come under, the ' Boers '.observation. If
the Boera had obtained knowledge of such
a movement j the ' news I would .'certainly
have Deen sent , out \ from s Pretoria." - :'< , ¦*:;'
...Assuming^ that -a '• relief- >; column iha'a
started from Klmberley, It has most likely
taken "aj'western*: route, making,' a .wide
detour to ' avoid - coming in contact with
any ! Boer* /who}: may. i have been left to
guard, the railroad south of Maf eking. V If
such a force: Is/on lts s way .news*, of its
movements ;, cannot <be ¦ much ¦ longer ; kept
from the public. " / —
ROBERTS MAY REACH
PRETORIA BY MAY
5 LONDON. ; March \ 24.— Spencer
son,' reviewing the situation at the seat' of
war forthe Associated Press at midnight,
says:;':.." • •".' '"¦-¦.'.' •":'•¦¦ > .'V;' .'¦/*'..
"The two points . of acute ¦ Interest are
Just : now at , Mafeking , and ', the'; Boer V col
umn trekking , north : from ; Smithfleld and
Rouxville.' along, the Basuto border.'* ' About
Mafeking: we .are in; the dark.,*.; Colonel
Plumer . has ' but. a! handful 'of. men': and is
not strong. enough to attack: Commandant
Bnyman j and raise 'the > siege. )* Command
ant Snyman.' therefore."^ has j attacked him
and Plumer has prudently, retired,
expecting; no , doubt ,to* return" after. Com
mandant. Snyman .whenever ;the .latter
goesjback.' ¦'--'''••'; ''¦'':¦."'¦ ."¦ V";" : :'~'^
i*s "Lord . ', Roberts : never r forgets '. small
things " while '- attending .'. to '¦'• great V things.'
It may be taken aa certain: that he knows
how, and when" he shall have Mafeking re
11 eyed .; su p posing [ the ; garrison f can : hold
out. but ' he does not. disclose • his plans in
advance!: 'C-'-"-*" "¦'¦.':. :'„,:. ;-;:¦'¦.:.. ;4v;
; Lj'iWe . are ] all left ; to ' our guess/ ? My, first
guess i that • the ¦ column ; had 1 gone h up '» by
Barkley/ on ) or \ about * February ; 19 , seems
to 1 have i been r wrong.' ; >; My.: next ,f that * the
mounted 'force" would go up f rom '! Prieska
as ; soon ' as ', the , rebels were settled,"' Is ' not
yet i ruled: out. ,: : -v ;./.-, .. . ¦ . ; V,\;- ¦\:(: i :: r , : -'^
K,"Generar Methuen >has ; been nearly.: a
week 5 near V Fourteen i? Streams,'*'' probably
.waiting^ f or, •? troops J enough. .'^The \ Boer
general <*who, is l hoping to j get ; past Gen
eral '?. French Jup^ at ;> Kroonstad i may/* be
caught; and made to fight, but with a few
thousand f mounted ; men i he ; ought to >be
&bU tar tamnoranr disposition to elud* th«
fc .; Continued on ; Pass Flf t*an.
Pages 13 to 22
VOLUME LXXXYH- NO. 125.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH > 25, 1900^-THIBTY-TWO PAGES.
Pages 13 to 22
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
FRANKFORT, Ky., March
24.— There was much excite
ment in Democratic quarters
to-day over a report that the
guards in charge of the State
arsenal had laid a mine: in
front of the arsenal . and • con
nected : it with the inside . by
¦wire, -so j that it could ?be
touched off ; in . case of an '-¦ at
tack. The excitement was in
creased when another ¦ report
was circulated that one of the
officers had purchased 100 feet
of fuse from a local hardware
merchant. I It was reported
that this fuse was to be ' at
tached ;to the mine alleged "to
be at the arsenal.
WASHINGTON, March 24.— The Porto Bican appropriation bill was signed by the President at
4:20 p. m. to-day. Comptroller Dawes was the only person present when the President attached his sig
nature.REV. CHARLES LOOP
DIES IN POMONA
Was Secognized as the Foremost
Authority on Olive Growing
in America.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
POMONA. March 24.— Rev. Charles F.
Loop, the foremost olive authority In
America, died at his home In this city to
day, aged 75 years. He has been ill with
pneumonia since January and a relapse
last week brought him to his death
quickly. He leaves an . estate valued at
about $120,000. A widow and two grown
eons survive him. No man was ever so
popular in this region as Mr. Loop He
was very charitable and public spirited
He gave away much of his fortune to
needy causes and benevolent institutions
Ten years ago he gave the city of
Pomona a marble statue that he had
made In Italy at a cost of $5000. It is a
P Vfflzi h Ga f S7n B^e e ncL POmOna !?
Mr. Loop was the first American to en
gage in olive growing as an Industry. I He
gave years of time and thousands of dol
lars to propagating Italian olives in Cali
fornia . soli. He ¦ once spent a year in
Europe solely seeking varieties of olives
suitable to the soils and climate of this
State. He planted the first navel orange
grove ever known and he first grew or
ff ges . !. nn u P 2 mona Valle y- Mr. Loop and
his girlish bride came to California In a
wagon In 1549. They settled in*. Santa
Clara County and there he came to know
General John C. Fremont intimately.- He
was an associate of U., S. Grant, when
the latter was a captain in the army and
stationed at Benlcia Barracks.
Will Enlarge the Mine.
Special Dlcp*tch to The Call.
SAN ANDREAB, March 24.— At a meet
ing of the stockholders of the Ford, Mining
Company, a local corporation,: this after
noon David Guttman. the principal owner
of the stock, proposed that the main shaft
be put down to at least 1000 feet and that
a drift be run due south into the recently
acquired Moro property, . Into .which the
main ore chute has been trending. Re
cent mill runs have shown values on this
lead exceeding $600 to the ton. Mr. Gutt
man's proposition - was universally ap
proved at the meeting and the following
board was elected: F. J. Sollnsky, John
Rajrglo. Carl Jaeger, ; G. G. Fraser and
C. L. Feusier. . .
Burglars Sentenced.
HOLLISTER, March 24/— David Wash
ington and Robert McDonald, : two lads,
pleaded guilty to burglary in the Superior
Court this morning. They were sentenced
to one year in San Quentln.
ROBBED BOTH
EMPLOYER AND
HIS PATRONS
Manager of Oriental Hotel
in Victoria Short in
His Accounts.
Pocketed the- Profit* of the Houaa
and Also Coin Left in Tn» Hands
by. Guests for Safe
keeping.
*• ... Special DUp*tch to The Can.
VANCOUVER. B. C. March U.— When
Harry Edwards,- manager of the Oriental,
one _of - the largest hotels In Vancouver,
left three weeks ago for the States, most
people believed his statement that he was
off on, a well-earned holiday. Now. how
ever, Edwards is in San Francisco, and for
the reasons found in the hotel safe, that
was blown open this morning by the pro
prietor. It is not expected that he will ever
again turn up In Vancouver.
Edwards, as manager of the Oriental for
a year, did a large business, and the fact
that- Proprietor Stevens did not receive
large profits was due. as explained by Ed
wards, to the extravagant legacies left by
predecessors in office. Edwards' defalca
il°£. s "amounted to over JoOOO. There is
$3000 missing -according to the books and
how much more was put down by the
dishonest manager is not known. A party
of three Klondlkers left about $20<jO in
gold dust and nuggets in the care of the
manager, and the most of this Is gone. It
Is said that other guests of the house lost
smaller amounts.
Edwards' wife was left here as a screen.
She averred that her husband had desert
ed her, land so took temporary employ
ment In a steam laundry. She left yes
terday,-morning to join ¦ her - husband in
San Francisco. Edwards Is an English
man of .' checkered career, ' having been
through . several gold excitements In Aus
tralia and ' New Zealand.
Africa she is to go out to him and marry
him there. It is London's parallel for the
Stephanie— Lonyay romance, with the
roles reversed.
Queen Victoria Is quoted as having said
at Windsor this week that she regretted
her age prevented doing much that she
would like to do, and that If she only
was twenty years younger she would
visit Australia. .
A recotd fur sale occurred In London
this week, when a Parisian purchased : In
the open - market t a 'black- Siberian fox
skin, 48- by- 8 inches, paying for ,lt. the
sum of £580 (J29001. ."When dressed It will
cost ; Its wearer about $5500. ' ¦
. The Hon. Ella Scarlett, M. P. D., daugh
ter of an American, Lady Ainger (for
merly Miss Helen Magruder, daughter of
the late Commodore George Allen Ma
gruder of the United States navy), is go
ing out to Korea as medical officer of the
Imperial household. This young woman
doctor Is now fitting herself for her cu
rious post by taking a course at the Lon
don School of Tropical Medicine. Her
brother. Lord Ablnger,. has Just gone to
South Africa as a trooper In the Imperial
Yeomanry.- V •? ', : . . . ¦ .-"t,
Mr. Isaac Brock, the Oldest Man In the
United States. •-.¦
remedy for aliments due directly to the
effects of the climate. For 110 years I
have withstood the changeable climate of
the United States. During my long life I
have known a great many remedies for
coughs, colds, catarrh and diarrhoea. I
had always supposed these affections to
be different diseases. For the last ten or
MBS. ABRAHAM ZIEGLEB, PIEDMONT, MO.
**My wife, who Is now eighty-seven
years old, suffered (or about sixteen years
from severe catarrh of the head, which
affected her . sight and hearing 1 . I.jsaw
Pe-ru-na advertised In your almanac/and
testimonials similar to her case attracted
my attention. . I sot one bottle and • It
helped her so much that she Is now using
the second bottle . and she thinks It is
something wonderful. Her hearing and
sight are both In part restored. Grateful
to you for this wonderful medicine, I am,
yours. •, ABRAHAM ZIEGLER,
"Piedmont, Wayne Co., Mo."
I. W. Klghttenger, Grlnnell. Kansas,
writes:
"I don't hare any more trouble In my
.¦\__ .• , throat, and have
-^^^^^^^w ;"not had a headache
nf •''- "'i 'ra' * or '<> ur weeks. Pe-
yt '_> ¦ ' H ' ru - na *¦ • the very
If iSriS^w medicine for' ca-
ft. v- «T^Jff tarrh. There ,1s no
vF*^^B*Wff medicine like It In
the United States.
OTi^^MJal for l hav6 trled a
jSry V r 7 %KSS ' Broo<1 > many before
}Sm/(-\ '.* byl NJi-gaE using Pe-ru-na. I
©•¦'«i||ps''" | iT%™ house to guard
against catarrh; as
had the catarrh for over twenty years." ,
Mr. Isaac Brock of j McLennan County,
Texas, has attained the great age
of 110 years. He Is an "ardent friend to
Pe-ru-na and speaks of it in the following
terms.' Mr. Brock says: . "After a. man
has lived in the world as long as I have
he ought to, have found out a great many
things by experience. I think I have done
so. One of the things I have found out
to my entire satisfaction is tha proper
KAISER'S NAVAL
BILL IS AGAIN
TO THE FORE
Official Press Panning the
. Agitation for More
Ships.
Argues That the Increase of Popula
tion Will Bender Special Taxa
tion for the Project Un
necessary*
Copyrighted. 1900. by the Associated Press.
1 BERLIN, March 24.— During the coming
"week the naval bill comes up before the
special Reichstag committee. The argu
ments pro and con were pretty thoroughly
exhausted in the plenary debates, but the
question of how the expenses are
to be met will occasion lively dis
cussions. The Government adheres
to . the belief that no special taxa
tion is necessary, but that the natural
Increase of the population, now nearly a
million a year, brings sufficient Increase
in the amount of. taxes to meet the re
quired expenditures, always provided that
the present state of commercial prosper
ity throughout the empire continues.
Against this calculation the Centrists, es
pecially, maintain that it is too uncertain
and must reckon with years of depression.
This party proposes new taxes, placing
the weight of the fleet expenses on com
mercial circles, particularly on Bourse
operators and exporters. Naturally the
Liberal parties object to this.
Since other important questions like the
meat and Heinze bills have focused pub
lic attention for weeks past, the Govern
ment is now re-engaged, through the
semi-official press, in fanning the agita
tion in favor of the fleet Increase, the
official Berliner Correspondenzt to-day
presenting a most potent argument on the
subject, in conclusion expressing the be
lief that Germany, even after the enor
mous naval increase, will not have to
fight a naval war, "as an acknowledged
strong one Is not attacked, but to vouch
safe Germany's further maritime growth
a powerful navy is absolutely required."
One Million Toilers Idle.
A commercial survey for Germany dur
ing the present month appears In to-day's
Tageblatt, apparently based on reliable
figures. Its gist Is as follows:
Germany, for the first time In history. Is un
able to employ about 1,000,000 toilers — not be
causa of lack of work, but because of lack of
fuel and raw stuffs. The Austrian ooal strike
is partly responsible for this, and all the Indus
tries here are overcrowded with orders, the Iron
Industry being the most affected, the Prussian
Government alone having: recently placed orders
for 600 locomotives and $600 cars. The whole
machine Industry Is In a similar condition ex
cectins the bicycle business.
Within a year thirty-six bicycle works have
ceased ts exiet. The German shipyards ara
overcrowded with war vessels in course of con
struction. In thirty-nine yards there ara now
in progress O f construction £2S vessels of every
kind. The German foreign trade of IS9S amount
ed to ten milliards, of which seven were marl
time, meaning an Increase In the latter of 1.300,
000,000 marks. The came ratio of Increase Is
maintained. German capital invested in ship
ping amounts to nearly 600,000,000 marks, and Is
yearly increasing. Even the textile Industry is
flourishing, and tha employes' wages ara being
r&Ued without strikes.
The Tageblatt concludes:
AH this would be 'jeopardized If Germany leg
islated antl-ccmmercially.
The meat bill has been shelved until
after Eastertide.
Prince Hohenlohe's toast at the lunch
eon given to the bi-centennial delegates.
In which he deprecated the growing ma
terialism, which, he 6aid. reminded him
"of certain processes of animal life," and
expressed the hope that science would
continue to counteract gross materialism,
is commented on vigorously by the Ger
man press. The National Zeitung to-day
6ays the toast will renew the agrarian
attacks on the Imperial Chancellor, but
unfortunately the Government, whose
head he is, makes concession after con
cession to this same materialism.
The Vorwaerts draws an interesting
parallel between Prince Hohenlohe's and
Emperor William's bi-centenary toasts,
the Chancellor calling upon scientists to
avoid the warfare against threatened
reactionaries, and his Majesty asking
science to keep aloof from politics.
Beconciliation of the Guelphs.
Court circles regrard the engagement of
Prince Max of Baden to Princess Marie
Louise of Cumberland as indicative of a
complete reconciliation of the Guelphs. ,-
The correspondent of the Associated
Press here has interviewed capitalists
who have large interests In the Transvaal
They say they do not believe the cold
mines will be destroyed, adding that there
Is no dynamite there except what is In
possession of the Government. They
claim that individuals could do no dam
age to the mines, and that the Transvaal
Government could not afford to prejudice
its cause In the eyes of Europe by de
stroying the mines over which German
and French flags float- In many cases
Dr. Parker* ¦ Courh Cor*. One dea* wfll stop
a coorh. : Nnrtr fall*.';- Trr It. All druggists. • >
HUMBERT AND
HIS MINISTERS
FACE A CRISIS
Socialists and Radicals De
termined to Reform the
Constitution.
Belief That Zither the Italian Cabinet
Must Resign or the Chamber
of Deputies Be Dis
solved.
ROME, March 24.— 1n the Chamber of
Deputies to-day the resumption of the de
bate on the motion of Slgnor Pantano.
Radical, first Introduced yesterday, pro
viding for the convocation of the Constit
uent Assembly for the reform of the con
stitution, was marked by scenes of dis-.
order. The President, who yesterday re
fused to put the motion and was sustained
by the House, to-day prevented Slgnor
Pantano making a speech, whereupon the
Socialists abusod the President. His ac
tion, however, was approved by a major
ity of the Chamber.
This gave rise to a tremendous tumult,
the Socialists and Radicals shouting and
cheering for the ConstltuentAssembiy and
the Conservatives and Moderates respond
ing with cheers for the King and mon
archy. Eventually the President was com
pelled to suspend the session. On its re
sumption the President designated a Con
servative as the next speaker. At this the
Leftists violently protested, demanding
that Slgnor Pantano be allowed to be
heard.
A deafening uproar resulted. The Cham
ber resembled a bear garden, each side
trying to howl the other down. Finally
the President pronounced the adjourn
ment of the house.
It Is the general Impression that, in face
of the opposition's determined policy of
obstruction, tha eolution of the crisis Is
the resignation of the Ministry or the
dissolution of the Chamber.
Child Drowned.
FTJLLERTON; ; March i; 24.- T The three!
year-old daughter of J. E.". Ford, the Ful
lerton news agent, was drowned In the Ir
rigation canal this afternoon.
Drydock for Sausalito.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. SAUSALITO, March 24.— Sausallto will
probably, before" long have a drydock and
shipyard of. its own. A party of capital
ists were ' inspecting South Sausallto this
week with the Intention of finding a suit
able location for tho enterprise. The Oak
land Ship Construction - Company is said
to be the corporation backing the plan.
X - , . • ' . — ?
Beebe Made Secretary.
• VICTORIA, B. C.. March 24*- Hon.
George Washington Beebe, a rancher of
Af^JSE?**' has -been sworn in as a membeT
01 Premier Martin's government with the
portfolio of Secretary..
SOUTHERN SHIPPERS WILL
PRESENT THEIR CASE
Preparations Made for the Meeting
of the Interstate Commerce Com
?ij: mission in Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call. i
LOS ANGELES, March 24.— The Inter
state Commerce Commission will con
vene In this city Tuesday morning at 10
o'clock, in the Federal \ building. The
members of the commission who will hold
this, session are Judson :' C. Clements of
Georgia, acting chairman; James D. Teo
rrians of Buffalo, and ex-Governor -, Jo
seph L. Flf er of Blomlngton, HI ; M. S.
Decker and J. W. Flshback, secretaries.
The : commission last night went direct
to ' San Diego from San Bernardino. The
southern city was visited | to-day, . and to
morrow will be passed at Coronado. The
party will return here Monday morning.
The meeting In Los Angeles Is the taking
up' of the thread of the hearing that was
laid down In St. Louis last November,
and will consider all phases of the situa
tion with relation to differentials de
manded by St. Louis and Chicago Job
bers. The Los Angeles Jobbers have
completed their case and have prepared
their evidence.
E. S. Plllsbury of San Francisco, coun
sel 'for the Coast Jobbers' Association,
will direct the taking of testimony, as
sisted by Wakefleld Baker and— H. D..
Loveland of San Francisco. W. A. Blssell
of; the Santa Fe, "Vice President Stubbs,
Traffic Manager . Sproule, W. F. Herrin
ahd General Agent A. D. Shepard ¦ have
returned here from Phoenix, and will at
tend the session and represent their sev
eral interests.
The protest filed by the .Consolidated
Fruit Company last month before the
commission :In Washington against the
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe, asking a
hearing . regarding the arbitrary routing
of citrus shipments, will be heard, and
evidence of the late conference will be
presented In support of their contention.
PASADENA, March 24.— Prominent
business men met; to-day and chose a
committee of Bix to confer with the Inter
state-Commission In the matter of local
freight rates. Citizens ' and • business men
are protesting against the discrimination
on the part of railroads in favor of cer
tain jobbers. " '
RIGID INSPECTION LAWS.
Vendors of Milk in San Jose Must
? Show . a'¦ Veterinary*s
,v:r-../, v :r-../- "; Certificate^'*;;
Special Dispatch to The Call. >
SAN" JOSE, MarehM^-CttyVaterinary
Inspector Spencer, acting under orders
from the Board of Health, has begun ' an
active crusade t against :< owners of : dairy
cows that I are* Infected with I tuberculosis.
He . has j issued a notice to dairymen and
all ' others selling milk ' that their : cattle
must be Inspected with the tuberculin*
test according -to < the ordinance before
Apxi 1; -or they ; will , be -vigorously prose
cuted. This also applies to. families who
have but one cow; and sell an . occasional
Quart, •.^v"-- ;vs,vi.-. : ; . :^--< v r- ;.^'»H^y ::->.. :.j='
In order to obtain a milk license It will
be necessary to present a certificate show-
Ing, the cows are not ' diseased, signed by
a veterinary surgeon. Dairies outside the
city - have I also been 1 notified that 1 unless
herds • are I tested I their t products of S milk,
cheese and butter .will | not be allowed to
enter the city after r April ? L \ ' There 1 has
been a general ' desire : to 1 comply with the
order by I most milkmen,' | and | those I that
are i obstinate will be ' prosecuted at once.
This order, of the Board of /Health has
caused an unusual demand for veterinary
surgeons : and ¦ local "horse ' doctors" . have
more than they can attend to.
LYNCHING OF
A WHITE MAN
AND A NEGRO
Virginia Mob Strings Up
Two Prisoners Accused
of Murder.
Attacks a Jail and Secures Possession
of the Culprits After Inducing
the Governor to With
draw Militia.
RICHMOND, Va., March 84.-Th» series
of exciting events in, Greenville County
the past week culminated to-day in a
double lynching at Emporia. Bob Cotton.
the negro, who, according to . his confes
sion, killed Sanders and Well er, and
CGrady, the white man who was with
him in the cabin when the ''murders oc
curred, were hanged by a mob, variously
estimated to have been from 1500 to 2000
strong. • . ; • \
This morning the Sheriff of the county
discharged from duty the military that
had been sent from this city at his re
quest and Major Cutchings, in command
of the troops, notified Governor Tyler,'
stating at the same time that he thought
if. the prisoners were left unprotected by
the military they would be* lynched. The
Governor replied as follows:. v *
"The responsibility Is on the Sheriff.'
If he orders you to withdraw you can do
nothing but obey. We have done every
thing possible to uphold law. and prevent
mob violence and are still prepared to
render every aid necessary.". :-' t\ •
Accordingly Major Cutchings entrained
his men and started for ' Richmond. This
was about 11 o'clock. *:f"'.-' " >
Mob Enters the Prison.
Hardly was the train out of sight when
a mob entered v the Jail, - took Cotton,
hanged him to a tree and fired forty bul
lets Into his body. 1 -¦.\i ¦'¦;. . «•- : • -
Later, despite .¦ the* protests of ; cooler
heads, who claimed that the guilt of the
white man had not been established.* an
other crowd, composed largely of negroes,
entered the Jail, overcame the resistance
of the few that tried to protect CGrady,
took him out and hanged him also.
The three other prisoners whom Cotton
charged with having committed the Block
murder and robbery, , were discharged by
the Judge and left town.* At last accounts
the town has resumed Its wonted quietude.
Governor Tyler said. this evening: ,
? . "I; am greatly •• distressed; but v • could
not keep < the soldiers there without de
claring martial law and I could not feel
that the : prevailing conditions : warranted
that. We were given to understand 'that
protection would be afforded theprisoners.
The result shows that this confidence was
abused." . -
FATE OF STRIKERS.
Martinique Disturbers Sentenced to
Terms in Prison.
FORT DE FRa'nCE. March 24.— The
persons arrested here during the last dis
turbances charged with having unlawful
ly interfered with the right of labor at
La Soudan, have been sentenced by the
Correctional Tribunal of Fort de France
to terms varying from one year to six
months In prison. Those arrested at Trols
Riviera were all sentenced to six months'
imprisonment.
The situation is calm and Colonial In
spectors Picaison and Demartlal are con
tinuing the peneral Inquiry into the cause
of the disturbances.
GIROMONDI A CONSUL.
California^ Appointed to the Post at
Santos, Brazil.
"WASHINGTON. March 24.— Th» Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomina
tions to the Senate:
John G. Glroroocdl of California, to b» Cooscl <
at Santos. Brazil.
Iteeular army. Infantry — First Lieutenant B.*
H. Hunt, Sixth Infantry, to be captain; Second
Lieutenant J. B. Allison. Seventh Infantry, to
*• be first lieutenant; Second Lieutenant J. L.
L>ewltt, Twentieth Infantry, to be first lieuten
ant.
Ultimatum to Packers.
Er>ee!al Pijpctch to The Call
SAN JOSE, March 24.— The California
Cured Fruit Association has about de
cided to quit coaxing the packers to co
operate in the handling of the coming
prune crop, and at a conference to be
held with representatives of Porter Bros.,
Castle Bros., Kuhn & Co. and Inderieden
Company on Monday these firms will be
asked to give a direct answer as to
whether they are poing to sign a contract
with the association or not. All the other
packers have elgned, and the Cured Fruit
Association Is In such a position it can de
liver an ultimatum.
Eastern Star Inspection.
Epwial Dispatch to The Call
PACIFIC GROVE. March 24.— Associate
Grand Matron Mrs, Lucas of the Califor
nia Order of the Eastern Star came to Pa
cific Grove on Thursday on an official vls-
Jt of Inspection to Ocean Spray Chapter
No. CS of this place. She visited the chap
ter officially, after which an informal re
ception and banquet was held in her hon
or. A number of prominent members of
the Salinas Chapter of the Eastern Star
accompanied Mrs. Lucas.
Held for Counterfeiting.
LOS AXGELES, March 24.— United
6ta.tes Commissioner Vandyke this even
ing held Manuel Diaz and James McHa
ney of San Bernardino to answer to the
Federal Grand Jury on a charge of coun
terfeiting. Diaz's bond is fixed at tu*n and
McHaney's at Jsouo. The men were cap
tured at San Bernardino, where they have
lived for years. Mcllaney was formerly
& prosperous mine owner.
Loubet's Assailant Released.
PARIS, March 24.— An order for the re
lease of Baron de Christian!, who assault
ed' President Loubet with a cane at the
Autueil races on June 4 of last year and
who was sentenced on June 13, in the Cor
rectional Court at the Palace of Justice,
to four years' imprisonoment and to pay
the costs of tb« trial, was signed to-day,
and he was liberated to-night.
Had Counterfeit Coin.
Special Dlfpateh to Tbe CalL
WOODLAND, March 24.— A stranger at
tempted to pass a piece of counterfeit
money here Friday evening. The officers
were notified, but have been unable to lo
cate him.
FUTILE ATTACK
MADE UPON THE
FRENCH CABINET
Waldeck-Rousseau Ministry
Weathers. Another
Storm.
Interpellations IMrected at M. Mil
lerand by Nationalists Come to .
Grief in the Chamber of
Deputies.
Copyrighted, 1300, by tti* Ajwooiated Press.
PARIS, March 24.— The Waldeck-Rous
seau Ministry, after enjoying a short
breathing spell, had to sustain another
assault from its Nationalist opponents in
the Chamber of Deputies this week and
came through the ordeal without much
difficulty. Indeed the only result the
Nationalists achieved is to accentuate
the fact that the Government has come
to stay through the exposition. Their
organs beat the air with violent and
ceaseless strictures upon the Govern,
ment's policy and with attempts to.em
broil France In foreign complications, but
Parliament seems determined to leave
the reins of power in M. Waldeck-Rous
seau's hands.
The opposition, having failed In frontal
attacks, tried a flanking movement on
Friday and again came to grief. It
brought forward two interpellations
which were pistols leveled at the head of
M. Millerand, the Minister of Commerce
and Industry, and both missed fire. M.
Millerand is the Nationalist bete noire and
is also the most vulnerable point In the
Government's armor on account of his
socialistic opinions. In Friday's interpel
lations the opposition sought to show that
his action on the questions under discus
sion was prompted "by his personal In
terests and was to the prejudice of the
interests of the country. The success of
the interpellations would have involved
the resignation of M. Millerand •• and a
Cabinet crisis, which the opposition hoped
would lead to the breaking up of the
Ministry— to divide the order of the day
and to overthrow the Government, as M.
Millerand himself described their tactics
in defending his action. " '
Two Interpellations FaiL
™ Th £., flrst interpellation, which accused
M. Millerand of promising a subvention
to one of two rival chambers of com
merce at Versailles, the president of
which is one of M. Millerand's friends
and had violently attacked .the French
Minister to Belgium. M. Gerard, was
withdrawn on M. Delcasse, the Foreign
Minister, replying that the Cabinet had
unanimously decided not to grant the
subvention. Thiß declaration showed that
no dissension exited within the Ministry
In regard to thelnatter.
The eecond interpellation— regarding the
decoration of the dressmaker, Paquln to
whom, It was Insinuated, M. Millerand Is
under obligations— resulted in the Cham
ber voting to proceed with the order of
the day. which was tantamount to a
vote of confidence in M. Millerand, by a
A third interpellation, this Urns aim
ing at the Minister of the Colonies, M.
Liberals, will come before the Chamber on
Monday, when M. Duquesnay and M
Gilbert. Deputies for Martinique, wili
raise the question of responsibility for the
recent troubles in that island. •
.v h £l e frultJ es3 discussions prevented
the Chamber doing useful work In abol
ishing public executions, which subject is
awaiting the attention of. the House in
th e form of a proposal which has al
ready been adopted by the Senate. Some
opposition is manifested toward it by
Deputies who seem to harbor an inex
plicable fear that executions will partake
of a clandestine character. M. CasUllard
who introduced the bill early In the week
dwelt upon the fact that the measure
would do away with the scenes and mid-
e n xlcutl O on B s e m France™" <"¦"«•¦•.«"**•
"We shall hear no more," he said "the
mob accompanying with obscene ditties
fh! £ S D «££ lk ?/ , th ?, unha PPy criminal to
the scaffold. It is time to put an end to
this demoralizing spectacle. <
Would Confiscate Church Property.
A bill which will have stupendous con
|. ce a C1 H. cane a n^ cs Vl/>,V 1 />,, adopt 11 d VwaBV wa8 Introduced in
Parliament this week by ex-Premier Bris-
Bon. It provides for the secularization of
properties of religious congregations and
their conversion into a pension fund for
working people. In the preamble M. Bris
son points out that these congTeeatlons
possessed in ISSO lands and other prop
erty worth 750,000,000 francs. It is consid
ered hardly likely that Parliament will
adopt such a measure of wholesale con
fiscation of private property.
The sensational story published In cer
tan papers that a grave situation had
arisen In Morocco as the outcome of the
French occupation of the oasis of Insa
lah is denied in official quarters, where it
is declared that Morocco protested, but
°1l1 lv v. ln a. Platonic way, in the matter,
which isT>eing arranged without any se
rious friction. *
The absence of startling events In the
Transvaal war this week has tended to
come diminution in the Interest amonr
Frenchmen, without changing their sym
pathies for the Boers. An indication of
this is found in letters written to the
newspapers suggesting that In the event
of the Boers being completely vanquished
France should offer them- an asylum lii
Madagascar, where concessions of land
should be granted to them. '.¦ -• ,
This generous proposal, however, did
not evoke enthusiasm for its merits: ana
the Matin points out that the Boers num
ber 450,000 and that should they accept
such an offer— they being more numerous,
the paper says, than Frenchmen In Mada
gascar—the day would come when they
would become an embarrassment. The
Boers would only leave the Transvaal
because they had lost their independence,
and they certainly would not recover It
In Madagascar. . ,
Vacher a Neglected Genius.
Considerable interest, not unmixed with
a certain amount of amusement, has been
caused by the report of the well-known
doctor. La Bordo, on the brain of the
child-murderer, Vacher. In submitting a
plaster cast of the brain before the Acad
emy of Medicine he finds that the frontal
convolutions are remarkably well • de
veloped, the brain closely resembling that
of Gambetta, from ; which he concludes
that Vacher was a neglected genius and
might have been a great leader of democ
racy; while, following the same theory, he
thinks Gambetta, in Vacher's surround
ings, might have been a * criminal. A
majority of his medical audience greeted
Dr. La Bordo's deductions with ; ironical
laughter, but La Bordo is quite serious.
The relics of Fort Clabrol, : where
Guerln defied the authorities for so long
a time, were sold at auction in the state
salesrooms - : on \Wednesday. : They .; con
sisted of loaded sticks, swords, horse pis
tols, revolvers, ¦;¦ rifles and , other,.bric-a
brac, and fetched ¦¦. fancy prices from en
thusiastic disciples of Guerln as . sou
venirs. The ropes which served to ' haul
victuals from ¦ the „ adjoining houses
brought seventy francs. :
¦ .The. condition of M. Rostand,. the dram
atist, who . is fighting with congestion of
the lungs as . a result lof the I strain I put
upon him by the supervision ; of : the • re
hearsal of "L'Aiglon, Is now improvlnr,
though It was at first very, grave.; . :
BY SPECIAL' CABLE TO THE CALL.
THE CATARRH OF OLD AGE
NEWS FROM FOREIGN LANDS
THREE TOPICS
GREAT BRITAIN
IS DISCUSSING
Parliament's Dissolution,
Federation and .Treat
ment of Prisoners.
Salisbury Awaiting th« Triumph of
British Arms Before Appealing
to the Electors of tha
Kingdom.
Copyrighted. 1900, by th» Associated Press.
LONDON, March 24.— Three questions
involving .endless controversy and specu
lation have been rife during the week.
They are the possibility of the dissolu
tion of Parliament In 'the summer, Im
perial federation and the method of treat
ment of the so-called rebel prisoners In
South Africa. So far as Parliament la
concerned it might as well dissolve at
once for all the interest that Is being
taken in its proceedings. Many appar
ently inspired articles appear forecasting
dissolution at various dates, but as a
matter of fact the existence of the pres
ent house depends entirely upon the pro
gress of. British arms in South Africa. If
they meet with quick success there will
be, it is thought, an early dissolution. If
the war drags on Lord Salisbury will re
tain power till the last moment allowed
by the British constitution. With less
than a year in which to go to the coun
try it is only natural that the Govern
ment will seize the most opportune mo
ment, but no member of the Cabinet be
lieves that such a moment has yet come
within the limits of reasonable determin
ation in spite of the fact that the com
mander in chief of the forces. Lord
Woleeley, Is credited with prophesying
that Lord Roberts will be In Pretoria by
May 16. If the forecast of the almost for
gotten chief commander of the British
army would prove correct lt^would not
be at all unlikely that Lord Salisbury
may appeal to the electors In June.
Selieve Peace Is Far Away.
rtnrtinS t * °i tte Cabinet Ministers, In
«<- s£? I^ord Lansdowne, the Secretary
?L £1° 1 have emedi h °P« that
}ht w " c over before the fall of
this year. With such a diversity of opin
ion prevailing in the best informed circles
regarding the duration of the conflict, it
is evidently futile to prophesy reirardini?
««» tenure of the present &vlrasS?t!
fv, *}. *r °^ v L 0U ? ly dependent upon
the former. Lord Salisbury has no inten
tion of appealing to the voters unUl the
British arms triumph in South Africa and
no one of any importance has yet been
brave enough tl declare over his own
name when emch an event 1b likely to be
accomplished. Hence the guesses at the
date of the dissolution of Parliament are
scarcely worth repeating. When the gen
eral election comes it can scarcely fall to
return the present administration to
power, unless between this time and that
period some miracle effects the cohesion
of the disintegrated Liberal party. So
disintegrated does thU party appear to be
that Sir. Edward Gray, the shining light
of the Rosebery faction, found it-neces
sary this week when speaking at the City
Liberal Club, London, to protest that in
ternal dissension was no just cause for
the death of the basic Liberal principles.
It Is a curious travesty upon truth that
imperial federation and the formation of
some great council of the empire have
been brought more to public notice by
Sir Wilfrid Laurler, the Canadian Pre
mier. In his speech at Ottawa, than even
by the presence In London of the federa
tion delegates from Australia,
Punch's chief cartoon this week Is de
voted to depicting Sir Wilfrid Laurier in
pleasing contrast with Sir Wilfrid Law
son, the English Liberal, who Insists that
the war is not Justified. Yet those who
know the undercurrent* thoroughly are
well aware that the Canadian Premier's
attitude and unwillingness to send out
Canadian troops caused the Colonial Of
fice more anxiety than almost any. recent
occurrence.
Federation Movement Spreading.
, However, the imperial federation move
ment grows daily. The Imperial federa
tion committee has secured from Lord
Salisbury a promise to seriously consider
its proposals for an imperial council to
watch over the interests of the empire as
a whole. On all sides articles appear de
bating the ways and means by which the
colonies which have participated In 1 the
defense of the empire may have a voice
in its councils. What difficulties stand In
the way of this are apparent from ¦ the
proceedings of the Australian delegates
daily visiting the Colonial Office In the
interest of their federation bill. All sorts
of unexpected hitches have come up and
it is feared the federation may have to be
submitted ad referendum to the Austra
lian people In consequence of the changes
which,. after closer inspection by the im
perial authorities,- appear necessary, . al
though the bill has already been passed by
Australia and the referendum would de
lay action for almost a year.
: It is reported that the Duke of York
meditates paying complimentary visits
after the war to all the great colonies.
• The great question of the colonial pris
oners from being ; the subject of cable
messages exchanged between Lord Salis
bury and President Kruger, has ¦ sprung
Into general discussion. In this connection
it is understood that President Kruger set
the ball rolling by demanding that colo
nial insurgents and British subjects com
mandeered by the Boers should, when
captured,, be treated as prisoners of, war
or ¦ else . reprisals ... -would be taken on the
British prisoners at Pretoria." Lord Salis
bury replied, saying he would deal with
the rebels as seemed fit. and would hold
President Kruger personally responsible
for the treatment of the Pretoria prison
ers, whereupon President Kruger Is re
ported to have ; rejoined that lie : would
hold Lord Salisbury personally, responsible
for the rebels, or something of that na
ture.
Leniency Is, Favored.
But on all sides is being discussed what
enould be done: with the Insurgents cap
tured by the British. A commission of
British judges to go out . to the Cape Is
talked of, though this Is scarcely likely to
occur. The predominating feeling seems
to favor the policy of leniency now being
carried out under Lord Roberts' direction,
in spite of 'the fact that both through ca
ble dispatches from South Africa and let
ters , from , English readers •In the news
papers ; there has been a bitter outcry
against allowing the Insurgents to go scot
free. But the sober-minded >. newspapers
are convinced of : the • fact ; that » the main
objective is a peaceful, prosperous South
Africa under British rule, and that venge
ful Justice will not tend toward the ac
complisment of this. % They r endeavor •to
allay harsh criticism of the present meth
ods, o but 1 nevertheless, now * that : British
territory - has ; been \ practically regained
and the .Orange Free State . 1b ; nominally
annexed; the question of the treatment of
the insurgent forms one of the most Im
portant questions upon which both Brit
ish and South African opinion seem hope
lessly divided. , r , .-.• ¦-•>: -
Harry Cavendish's Romance.
Harry - Cavendish, I a nephew of .. the
Duke of . Devonshire and a i well-known
explorer.' who was formerly so devoted to
Edna ; May, the American ¦¦<•¦¦¦ actress, has
fallen a victim of a fair-haired girl of the
stage, who Is under 16 years of age. She
Is Nina Slevening and took a small part in
theatricals. v _The i girl's i parents; though
poor,, had scruples about sanctioning her
engagement Ito Cavendish;; on i account lof
the rumors emulating about bis many af
fairs of '¦ the heart,?, but - they . finally i con
sented. ; and ; Mr;, Cavendish went ; out ,to
fight his country's battles in South ' Africa,
after settling 160,000 on his fiancee, in ease
of hhr death/ and arranfin* that If he |is
not l killed within ' m. s year and $is 1 still jln
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, SUNDAY, MARCH 25, 1900.
fifteen year* I have been readtag Dr.
Hartman's books and have leaxnec from
them one thing in particular: That these
affections are the same and that tney art
properly called catarrh. As for Dr. Hart-
man's remedy. Pe-ru-na, I have found It
to be the best If not the only reliable rem-
edy for these affections. It has beea my
stand-by for many years and I attribute
my good health and my extreme old aga
to this remedy. It exactly meets all my
requirements. I have come to rely upon
If almost entirely for the many IUU«
things for "which I need medicine. I be-
lieve It to be especially valuable to old
people, although I have no doubt It U
Just as good for the young.
"ISAAC BROCK."
Mrs. "W. Rocher of Marshall. Missouri.
in a recent letter to Dr. Hart man. sp«aka
in" glowing terms of Pe-ru-na. The fol-
lowing Is an extract from a letter writ-
ten by her. She says: "I am very thark-
ful to you for your kindness, and am very
much benefited by your advice and medi-
cine. I did not think I could live with-
out Pe-ru-na. but now I am entirely weiL
I haven't been sick for six months. I ear-
not recommend your medicine too highly.
It is wonderful for catarrhal troubles. Ho
woman should feel safe without it."
Mr. J. R. Prince of Bast Leon. N. T..
In speaking of Pe-ru-ca, says: "I am not
very well satisfied rtxm — a —^- t — m^_ t^ -^__
with the picture <Bl' ' ' '
that lam sending j fiSflKi'v^ 5*5 *
you. but when the / ST^^^^S^
reader looks at this / ft IV
picture If he would ,* Jm <ff* »£,-
only realize that the j4. M^. i^ v ?«^
original suffered for I% 1
45 years, the best of *\;\ W<f~j^J^S
his Ufa, until your
kind advice and pre- *^^^j*wp^^w'
scriptlon cured him, fi^^KjS&fKpjiraiu
he would know from /jXig-A l ' 1% I
whence these wrln- v^*Ws»Mß«aaj
kles came. Next jj» p,)^
month I shall be 66
years old. I hope I may By» to see you
some day. face to face."
In old age the mucous membranes be-
come ' thickened and partly lose their
function. This leads to partial loss of
hearing, smell and taste, as well as di-
gestive disturbances. Pe-ru-na corrects
all this by its specific operation on all the
mucous membranes of the body. One
bottle will convince any one. Once used
and Pe-ru-na becomes a life-Jong stand-
by with old and young.
Mr. Jacob LJnn of Kings. IH.. writes:
"I was taken with a pain tn my right
arm, between the elbow and shoulder,
shoveling corn off a wagon. I went to
the doctor at once and he said it was
rheumatism, but he could do me no good.
The doctor gave me some medicine, but
it didn't do any good. I had no strength
in the arm; for three months could not
lift a pin with my thumb and finger. Then
I got stiff all. over; could not dress or
undress myself for three months. Finally
I happened to get hold of The Ills' of
IJfe.* In It I read Mr. Gould Durkee"s
testimonial and wrote to him asking "him
if it was a true testimonial. He replied,
telling me If I took your medicines I
would get welL I took all three of them
and they cured me. I am fre« of pain,
feel as limber as I did fifteen years ago.
and can sit down in any position and get
up as spry as a boy. • I consider Pe-ru-na
the best medicine of its kind 1 ever saw.
I was 75 years old last August. I was also
troubled with dlabetea. and the Pe-ru-na
cured that. I think Pe-ru-na Is the best
medicine I ever saw." :
Send- for a free book written by Dr.
Haxtman. on catarrh. Address The Pe-
ru-na Medicine Co.. Cohxmbus. Ohio.
!HITE HORSE
CELLAR
SCOTCH
WHtSKY,
MACKIE-& CO- ISUY, SCOTLAND.
CHARLES MEINECKE & CO.,
AGENTS. Eli Sacramento St.. 6. F.. Cat
Q-- """^ mm.jp^t^j
rtnUNA- rnUMrl LT UUnto 'H^Bo^y
iD c ntn t is t r y
I«m very particular about
:; «!eth 'dentistry. •
I ¦ cardully sterilize all instru-
Mments after every patient.
Krery feature of my office and * .
¦work rooms is as pleasant a*
..any coiy home can be.
Dt 9- T. S. Higg j n s
*J*T J Marktt Street Emma Spreckle* Baildiag
Opposite Ph el an Fountain
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.talk concerning tha closing of Secretary
Powers' office during the latter'a absence.
"I ' bad my back turned,'* said Golden,
"but when I turned I saw John Powers
give the key to the man. John Powers
said to me:
" 'Goebel is going to be killed this morn
ing.' ; ;-.-¦:.: -;ir
"I said, 'This must not be done.' Ha
said:
: ".'Don't get excited. I gave the man the
wrong key.'
"I said, 'We must go and see Caleb.'
John Powers saw him; I did not."
"What was next done?"
"We all went back to the State House.
I did not go to Louisville that morning— l
can't say why.''
"Do you know a man named Dick
Combs?" asked Attorney Campbell.
"I do. He is a colored man and lrves in
Beattyville. He came down with the Lee
County contingent.".. : ¦•
"Did you have any talk with Caleb or
John Powers about Dick Coombs?"
"No; but they had two negroes to kill
Goebel. John Powers told me so. They
were Hocker Smith and Dick Coombs. I
saw Dick Coombs at the drug store near
the depot every morning for a week or
so previous to the ' shooting.
Ready to Kill Goebel.
"Coombs, talking to a man named Wal
lace, In my presence said: .
" 'Damn, him. I know him as far as I
can see him. and I can kill him as far as
I can see him.' He was talking of Goebel.
This conversation was in the adjutant
general's office. He also Mid: '
-. " 1 know his every movement and can
hit him with . this as far as * I can see
him.' He carried a Coifs 83 that shoots &
Winchester cartridge.
"Coombs was in, the assistant adjutant
general's office In : the morning of the
shooting with Hocker Smith and Jim Wal
lace. I saw the man who got the key
from John Powers there. He ia a little
man. When we— Caleb and John Powers
and myself— went back there „he said:
'You . have : given fme the wrong key.' I
don't remember .what John i said to him.
The rest 'of the day I was around town.
Vto reference was made to the key the rest
of the day. The key was in Caleb's of
fice." •
"On Tuesday did you meet Caleb and
John Powers ?' ' asked Attorney Campbell.
-'"Yes.^l did. I saw them In Caleb's of
fice. I got a letter from Blakeman that
morning asking me to come to Louisville.
Caleb said he was going with me, but said
he might want me to go to the mountains.
He was talking to Walter Day and Gov
ernor Taylor. R. J. Howard iof Harlan
County came up and he talked to Taylor.
He insisted on Taylor calling out the mili
tia.' Taylor, said : 'My God. you people
must do " something first!" adding, 'I can
get the militia quick enough. You fellows
must act first. '-->?WStiS&&QffOBMBOBk
. : "By. that I understand >» fellows' must
raise a riot ' in . the Senate chamber. Goe
bel was there. \ As I told you this morning,
we would clean out enough of that Legis
lature there; to make it our,way."
* "What do you mean by that?"
"Oh, kill them."
"Damn Tbeii," ; Bald Powers.
"After Taylor was through talking I
urged : Powers to take . the train with me,
as it was due. At La' Grange } I learned
that r Senator Goebel had been \ shot. We
continued on to Louisville. > I do not know
why Mr. .; Powers : went /to Louisville.
Both V.'John'and Caleb Powers were along.
We left' for Frankfort i that afternoon and
went directly. to the State House.*: ", ".
"I did • not see * Mr. Powers \ again that
day.'^Miiaijl|lßPlllf J'llll II 1 . »
r Attorney ' Campbell ;then : took ! th»' wit
ness back, and' Golden told of a conver
sation \he had with ; Caleb Powers : on > a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STRANGE LAKES IN PERU.
Instead of Surface Outlets They Have
Maelstroms That Swallow Boats
. From Crucero Alto, the highest town in
the world, the Southern Railroad of Peru
drops down Into the : Lagunlllas. or lake
region of the Cordilleras, where, 14,250 feet
above the sea, is a group of large lakes of
very cold, pure water, without Inlet or
outlet. They receive the drainage of the
surrounding hills and conceal it some
where, but there is no visible means of its
escape. A fringe of Ice forms around the
edges of the lake every night the year
round; yet they contain an excellent va
riety of fish, called the pejerray. which is
caught near .the shore and sold at. Puna
and in other neighboring towns. The two
largest , lakes, Saracocha and ; Cachipas
cana, with several smaller ones in the
same neighborhood, are owned by the
family of Mr. Romana of Arequipa, who
has Just beeen elected President of Peru.
He owns immense tracts of land in this
locality, with thousands of sheep, cattle,
llamas, alpacas and vicunas, which are
herded upon it. .-•'.:
A curious phenomenon about the lakes
Is that they keep at the same level all the
time, regardless of the dry and rainy sea
sons. ¦ No amount of rain will make any
difference with their depth, which, how
ever, in the center is unknown. And this
adds to the awe and mystery with which
they are regarded by the Indians.
• There are no boats upon the lakes, ex
cept a few small balas, or rafts, made of
bundles of straw,. which Keep very close
to the shore, for fear of being drawn into
whirlpools that are • said to exist in the
center. There Is some foundation for this
fear, for only two or three years ago a
balsa containing five men disappeared , in
the darkness and was never heard of
again. Of course it may have tipped over
and its occupants have been paralyzed by
the cold water in an ordinary way; but
their bodies never were discovered nor did
the balsa ever float to shore. Therefor*
the people think the whole party ' • was
lured into a maelstrom and swallowed up
by the mysterious waters. ¦ uafMUßw ii
Th« whirlpool near the center of Lake
Popo which receives the waters of Lake
TltJcaca is well known, and hundreds of
men have lost their lives by venturing
too near it. Boats that ' are • drawn " into
the current are whirled swiftly around a
few tiroes and then disappear. For the
protection of navigators | the Government
of Bolivia has anchored a lot of buoys in
Lake : Popo, - and boatmen s who s observe
them are in no danger. I There Is supposed
to be an underground outflow from all of
these lakes. ¦ It la claimed that s articles
which have been thrown into their waters
have afterward been picked up on the sea
coast near Africa, and - careful - observers
say that on the beach in that locality are
frequently ¦ found •- cornstalks, •: reeds < and
other I debris - which ¦ do not grow on the
coast,' but are found in great abundance
among ! the Interior lakes. — Chicago . Rec
ord. :
DO TOD GET HP
WITH A LAME BACK?
SHRINERS MAKE MERRY IN
"HOLY CITY" OF SACRAMENTO
THE SAtt FKANCISCO CALL., BUJNDAV, MAIiCH lio, IUUO.
IN MEXICO.
Information of a reliable character has
reached local" officials that former Repre
sentative Samuel Salter and ~ his associ
ates ?in ¦ the : stuffing of the banot box ; in
the iT-irteenth Division . of the t Seventh
Ward, who Jumped their. bail, are in hid
ing in Mexico. 'It is known now that they
left two days before their case was called
in court. .•:¦; --•*.••¦•••¦¦•¦: ; ¦¦¦¦¦- ':¦:¦ ¦'.- .. :;.r. ¦
: Neither .' District /Attorney.' Rothermel
nor any of the officials interested in the
case will ¦ divulge . any " of : the facts, . but
the story ; Is I generally/ accepted that the
fugitives ¦ have . found employment at " or
near the Mexican silver mines in which a
well-known > Pennsylvania ' politician ** is
interested. ¦It is well known here that
Salter and > the : others ..were plentifully
supplied .with * cash by local friends = and
political associates, and in every way pro
vided for so long a trip.' k
< j Police Superintendent Quirk. i in an ; in
terview to-day.i states that no extraordi
nary efforts are being made by the Po
lice - Department I to '- trace the • fugitives.
"No? descriptions 7 ; of : the missing .-. men
have I been I sent broadcast | over . the I coun
try," • said • Mr. - Quirk, "nor > have •¦ the : au
thorities iof other communities ' been in
structed to , pick • them . up." — Philadelphia
Correspondence Pittsburg / Dispatch. ¦ *.*
THE FEAR OF HUMBUG.
Prevents Many People Prom Trying
a Quod. Medicine.
Stomach troubles are so common and In
most cases so obstinate to cure that peo-
ple are apt to look with suspicion on any
remedy claiming , to baa radical,' • perma-
nent cure for dyspepsia and ; Indigestion.
Many »uch pride ; themselves on their
acuteness in never being humbugged, es-
pecially In jnedlcines. !¦..;:
This f ear 5\5 \ of I being humbugged can be
carried too far. so far, in fact, that many
people suffer, for years with weak diges-
tion rather ;than risk a ; little time and
money in ? faithfully testing the claims
made of a preparation so reliable and uni-
versally used as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets. ''^oSss^^fi9SKSSOfi^Bo^ggsgtt
: Now Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different , in one Important , respect
from ] ordinary proprietary, medicines. , for
the i reason that they ; are not ' a" secret
patent i medicine; ¦ no secret x is % mad<« of
their ingredients, but analysis shows them
to contain the natural digestive ferments,'
pure j aseptic • pepsin;; the : digestive adds.
Golden Seal, bismuth,* hydrastis | and nux."
They ', are : not t cathartic,'- neither, do * they
act ' powerfully ;, on : : any ' organ, ,but ; they
cure indigestion on the common sense plan
of digesting the food eaten thoroughly be-
fore it has time to ferment, sour and cause
the mischief. M-This ia ; the only; aecre;; of
their success. . '. ¦ . . ~
Cathartic pills never have and never can
cure * indigestion . and . stomach ¦ troubles
because I they I act entirely , on * the bow els.
whereas the whole trouble is really <n tha
" Stuart'V Dyspepsia Tablets i taken after
meals digest the food. That Is all ther» It
to it." • Food- not digested ; or. half-digested
U poison,' as it creates gas acidity, head-
aches, palpitation \of the heart." lots ' -of
flesh , and i appetite and many > other trou-
bles which are often called by some other
name -•*¦': :>-- j: -""- -'-'..'¦' -" :^- ¦¦¦•'..'i .':•¦..'¦': -'¦.vn' j ;
,-¦« They are < sold by druggists everywhere
at BO cents per package. ' •-.•?.
ALL EUROPE IN LINE
FOR THE "OPEN DOOR"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 24.— Beyond as
certaining from foreign governments
whether they would have any objection
to the publication of the texts of their
notes relative to the protection of Ameri
can treaty rights In" spheres of influence
possessed by them In China, the State
Department has completed the "open
door" negotiations and stands i^ady to
answer Cummings' resolution, which was
adopted by the House of Representatives
to-day. The department is entirely satis
fled with the result of the negotiations,
and it is expected that the President will
take advantage of the transmission of the
documents to ' Congress to point out 'the
great • value which will accrue to - the
United States by the establishment of the
"open door" for .American goods.
The assurances received are regarded by
the administration as very liberal indeed.
Great Britain gives the United States the
fullest guarantee; Germany points to
Klaochau, which is an open port," as to
what she has done and proposes to do;
Russia refers to Talienwan, also 'open,
as to her policy, and France asserts that
sho does' not recognize spheres , of Influ
ence. Japan is naturally in favor of the
establishment and -maintenance of the
"open door," and Italy has necessarily
followed the lead of the other European
powers. So far as China is . concerned,
the authorities say its views In the matter
are of no importance, as the negotiations
have ¦ not been conducted with her, but
with other powers.
TELLS OF CONSPIRACY
TO KILL DEMOCRATS
Continued from Pare Thirteen.
train in Laurel County previous to the
shooting.
"Caleb said," continued Golden. " *D- —
them, we've got them."
"I understood the remark that we had
the Democrats down here and we could
do a3 we pleased after we got here."
The witness then took up the events
after the shooting. He said he saw a man
named Blakeman in Louisville. Blakeman
and John Powers had a conversation.
Counsel for the defense strongly objected
to this line of examination and the com
monwealth withdrew it and announced
that it was through with the witness.
Golden, who was very weak from his
hemorrhage, requested a few minutes*
rest, and he was accordingly taken out by
a Deputy Sheriff.
Golden!s illness proved more serious
than at first thought, and after half
an hour's delay adjournment was taken
until 10 a. m. Monday. The defense will
then take up the cross-examination and
Introduce testimony In rebuttal.
Uncle Sam Will Not Interfere.
WASHINGTON, March 24.— 1t was stat
ed authoritatively to-day that the visit
to Washington of Kentucky Republicans
has not caused the administration to
change the policy it has settled .upon re
garding the whole Kentucky controversy.
The members of the committee had pre
sented to the War Department the fact
that the Beckham faction had armed its
so-called militia forces with rifles and
equipments belonging to the United States
Government. It Is not stated that the
War Department requested the delivery
of these arms carried by the Beckham men.
but that fact was laid before the adminis
tration to be considered in connection
with the whole case. No action was tak
en, however, looking to Interfere by the
national Government in the controversy,
even on the basis of a demand for the re
turn of the United States arms, and it
is stated no action will be taken.
Pain or dull. ache in the back is un-
mistakable evidence of kidney trouble.
It is nature's timely warning to show
you that the track of health Is not
clear.
If these danger signals are unheeded,
more serious results are sure to follow;
Bright's disease, which is the worst
form of kidney trouble, may steal upon
you.
The mild and the extraordinary effect
of the world famous kidney remedy,
Swamp-Root, is . soon realized. It
stands the highest for Its wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases. A
trial will convince • any one — and you
may have a sample bottle for the ask-
ing.
Lame back Is only one symptom of
kidney trouble — one of many. Other
symptoms - showing that you need
Swamp-Root, are, oblfged to pass wa-
ter often 'during the day and to get up
many times at night, smarting or irri-
tation in passing, brick dust or sedi-
ment in the. urine, catarrh of the blad-
der, constant headache, dizziness, sleep-
lessness, nervousness, irregular heart-
beating, rheumatism, bloating, irrita-
bility, worn-out feeling, lack of am-
bition, loss of flesh or sallow com-
plexion.
If your water when allowed* to re-
main undisturbed in a glass or bottle
for twenty-four hours forms a sedi-
Do You Realize the Danger You Are In?
ment or settling or has a cloudy ap-
pearance. It is evidence that your kid-
neys and bladder need Immediate at-
tention.
In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to nature, for Swamp- Root
is the most perfect healer and gentle
aid to the kidneys that is known to
medical science.
Swamp-Root is the triumphant dis-
covery of Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kid-
ney and bladder specialist. Hospitals
use it with marked success in both
slight and severe cases. Doctors rec-
ommend it to their patients and use it
in their own families, because they
recognize in Swamp-Root the greatest
and most successful remedy.
If you have the slightest symptom of
kidney or bladder trouble, or if there Is
a trace of it in your family history,
send at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. '
Binghamton. N. V., who will gladly
send you free by mall immediately,
without cost to you, a sample bottle of •
Swamp-Root and a book of wonderful
Swamp-Root testimonials. Be sure to
say that you read this generous offer In
The San Francisco Sunday Call.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root Is what your need, you can
purchase the regular , 50-cent and . $1
size bottle at drug stores. Don't make
any mistake, but remember the name.
Swamp-Root.
were literally roped, each . man having
hold lot the stout, hempen cord, 1 whloh
made them separate and distinct from tha
red f ezzed ¦•• veterans ¦¦. who - had seen -... the
wine flow at many a glorious banquet.
Turbaned . guards - carrying ¦ formidable
Bcimiters marched alongside the new
members and made them keep their place
and wear the white habiliments of , their
Imperfect state. At the old Pavilion the
Initiation ceremonies ¦ were performed.
The Shrlners then adjourned •to Masonic
Hall, where a splendid feast was enjoyed,
punctuated by many clever speeches and
toasts. The following were the order ; of
toasts and responses:
"Holy City of Sacramento," ' response,
Noble George H. •¦¦:-. Clark; • "Nobles ' of
Northern California," by Noble Tom
Scott of Sacramento; "Sons of the
Desert," by Past Potentate C. L. Patton
of San Francisco ; \ '-'The Nobility of the
Mystic Shrine," by Past Imperial Poten
tate C. L. Field of San Francisco:
"Daughters of Isis," by Noble Louis F.
Breuner of Sacramento ; " W.hat >. I Know
About the Machinery In the Shrine," by
Noble T. "-W. Heintzelman of Sacramento.
The following were admitted to the Or
der of the Mystic Shrine this afternoon
and initiated to-night: From • Sacramento
—George Albert Melster, Charles Edward
Phlpps, Preston L. Lyklns, Emil Schmld,
William. Strong Clemons, B. Wilson. Ira
Allen Robie, Robert Jensen, Thomas J.
Hesson, William J. Waller, H. W. Bragg,
James Curtin McMaster, W. A. Caswell,
Johann Gerhard Meyer, William H. Da
vis, George W. Peltier. H. E. . Yardley,
Adolph Teichert, A. Caselli and A. L.
Carpenter. From San Francisco^-N. P.
Batchelder, Adam Beck, James L. Hawks,
Charles Mortimer Plum, Samuel Bartley
Connell, Carl A. Henry Thomas Trebell,
R. E. Raglond, T. L. Henderson, F.. C.
Hensley, Ernest ¦ Schraubstader, Samuel
James Lank, William R. Jost, A. Nlcox,
Carroll Cook, John Lewis Prijor, Albert
Pike, George Edward Crothers, Arthur
Hastings Breed, T. J. Crowley and John
H. Blakeway. From other points— John
Forrest Parr, Alameda; William Henry
Crothera, San Jose; Patrick Cahill, Ala
meda; W. L. Stoddard, Red Bluff; Paul
M. Doyle, Truckee; Francis G. McLean
and Jesse T. Stone. Grimes. Colusa
County; Irving F. Harvey' and F. M.
Rutherford, Truckee; G. W. Schmidt and
John Adam Metzler, St., Helena; G. W.
Langridge, Stockton; Peter Engel and
Randolph W. Skinner. Marysville; S. E.
Murphy, Red Bluff; George C. Meckfes
sel, Bertin, Colusa County; Edward
Ernest Biggs. Gridley, Butte County; N.
H. Baughman, lone; Joseph S. Emery.
Emeryville.
About two hundred and fifty nobles of
the Ancient Arabic Order of Nobles of
the Mystic Shrine, members of Islam
Temple of this city, left yesterday by
various trains on their pilgrimage to the
"holy city" of Sacramento, as their
mecca is designated in the official an
nouncements. A special train of four
cars, three day coaches and the Pullman.
Castille, left the Oakland mole at 4
o'clock In the afternoon and it is doubt
ful if a Jollier lot ever assembled on one
train. The Pullman was chartered
specially • by Nobles Charles Goodall, J.
H. Bennett, O. J. Humphrey, William
Kldston, George Howe, John Tonningsen,
Arthur Piper, Thomas H. Browne, J. G.
Leibold, John Barneson, E. P. Hulme and
M. Martin, who for the occasion had or
ganized themselves into the "Wlsh-It-
Was-Otherwise Club." Why this name
was adopted is made apparent on the
limited number of invitations printed in
blue and gold and issued to the ladles.
This sets forth in bold letters: "Ladies
not allowed to visit Sacramento, but you
are invited to attend a ladles' reception
given by the 'Wish-It-Was-Otherwise
Club' at the Oakand mole - Saturday,
March 24, 1900. leaving San Francisco at
3:30 p. m. and accompanying the A. A. O.
N. M. S. on their pilgrimage to Sixteenth
street and no farther. Gentlemen escorts
not invited. Flowers accepted." J&hn
Tonningsen, the Beau Brummel of the
party, explained that the cUib wished it
was otherwise, that is that the ladles
could accompany them to Sacramento,
but it could not be.
.The following named ladies accepted the
invitation: Mrs. John Tonningsen. Miss
Elsie Moraphan, Miss Leontine Weffels
burg, Jane McLaughlin.'G.-W. Wlttman,
Mrs. T. H. Browne. Mrs. J. G. Leibold,
Miss May. Miss Alice May, Mrs. E. P.
Hulme. Mrs. G*>orpe Howe; Mrs. R. C.
Emery, Mrs. J. H. Bennett. Mrs. William
Kldstbn. Miss S. E. G. Phillips. Mrs. Lot
tie Waller, Miss Ida May Roberts, Miss
May M. Costigan, Mrs. -E. F. Burns, Mrs.
Otto Shackelford and Mrs." Stanley, 1 and
they brought great bunches of flowers,
with which they decorated the Interior
of the car. While awaiting the departure
of the train the- nobles, through, their
dusky servitors; brought from the wilds
of Araby. 1 served the ladies with a deli
cate collation, cakes, candies and light
refreshments, such as Shrlners only use
at the festal board. The ladies in return
for the courtesies extended delighted the
nobles up to the point of debarkation with
music and songs. tAt Sixteenth street
there was sorrow at parting, but all the
ladles wished the Shriners a pleasant
Journey and an enjoyable time on the hot
sands at the Capitol. -.;"'•
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
EARLY VOTE ON
THE PORTO RICAN
TARIFF BILL
Foraker Says It Must Be
Taken in the Senate *
by Thursday.
President Authorized to Appoint a
Commission to Investigate
Trade in the
' Orient
"WASHINGTON. March 24.— For a few.
minutes to-day surprise, bordering almost
on consternation in some quarters, was
created by a request by Foraker that the
Porto Rican government bill be . recom
mitted to the Porto Rican committee. The
request precipitated' a lively colloquy, but
It finally, was developed that the bill For
aker wanted recommitted was the govern
ment measure now on the calendar, and
not the unfinished business. During the
elucidation of his request, however, For
aker plainly, indicated that it was his pur
pose to separate the bills and press the
Porto Rican tariff bill to an early vote,
his desire being to have the vote taken
not later than next Thursday.
Foraker explained that he desired to
have the bill recommitted so that the com
mittee could place upon It certain amend
ments already agreed to by the Senate in
another bill. • Alter some discussion the
request of Foraker that the bill be recom
mitted was agreed to by the Senate.
To Extend American Commerce
A measure was passed providing for the
appointment by the President of a com
mission to investigate the trade and com
merce of the Orient with a view to the
extension of American commerce. • This
bill aroused some debate. Berry of Ar
kansas registered his protest against the
measure, his opinion being that too many
commissions were being created. "Cock
rell of Missouri opposed the measure and
stated the position of the Senate minority
on legislation. . • •
"The Republican party is .in absolute
control," he said, "and we on this side of
the chamber are powerless to prevent the
enactment of any legislation coming from
the Republican party and deemed neces
sary by it. I will not antagonize this bill,
although I do not agree with It In princi
ple.- I want it understood novv, and un
derstood distinctly, that hereafter absolute
responsibility must rest upon the Repub
licans for the passage of all resolutions
and bills."
Gallinger of New Hampshire supported
the bill, saying the President had strongly
'recommended Its passage. Germany had
already sent commissions to the' Orient to
investigate trade and commerce. He said
it was now proposed to send this com
mission to China, Japan and other Ori
ental countries with a view to ascertain
ing whether increased markets could not
be found there for the products of Ameri
can farms, mills and workshops. '*
Hoar of Massachusetts opposed the
appointment of Senators or Repre
sentatives in Congress on commis
sions or on other similar bodies,
and after some discussion the bill was so
amended that no member of either branch
of Congress shall hereafter serve under
any appointment by the executive depart
ment of the Government while holding
office as such member. Bacon of Georgia
supported the measure. . . ,
Alaskan Code Bill Called "Op.
An effort was made by Carter to secure
unanimous consent for the consideration
of the Alaskan code bill. » He made a
strong: appeal for the relief of the people
of Alaska. He said he made his state
ment, in order to shift the responsibility
for the measure from his shouledrs to the
Senate. Cockrell objected to the'arrange
ment proposed by Carter, but promised
to assist In the passage of the measure
when It was before the Senate In a proper
way. After a sharp colloquy between
Carter and Cockrelf the former gave
notice that he would call up the matter
again on Monday.
The closing hours of the session were
devoted to the consideration of a resolu-.
tlon accepting from the State of Indlanst
a statue of Oliver P. Morton. Fitting and
eloquent tributes were paid to the mem
ory of Mr. Morton by Fairbanks of In
diana. Allison of lowa and Beverldge of
Indiana.
Pinkham's
Vegetable
Compound
75 Gents.
NO M ORB,
NO LBSB.
And this price everyday:
In the year.
SEND FOR 100-PAOC
ILLUSTRATED CATALOOUC
Palne's Celery Compound — ..75c
Plerce's Prescription- . . . . ». . . 75c
Pierces Dlscoferj 75c
Plnktiara's Comgound 75c
Baker's Honduras Sarsaparllla- .75c
Hood's Sarsaparilla ......... 75c
Ayer's Sarsaparilla - .'. .¦ 75c
Scott's Emulsion, $1.00 size. - -75c
Carter's Hair Renew er. ..... . . 50c
Carter's Lithia Tab1et5....... 25c
Yaldler's Yloiat Ammonia 25c
i Swamp Root 40c
Syrup of Figs- - - -35c
Carter'sUierPlilsJsc
THE OWL DRUB CO.
1 Oat-Rat* Druffrtta,
t/aa MAHKBT BT.
BAN FRANCISCO.
. 1 0th and Broadway ¦
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I
Candidates for Hon
ors Assisted Over
the "Hot Sands of
the Desert" in the
Capital Citfl With
Stout Hempen
Rope.
Special Dispatch to The <"*"
SACRAMENTO. March 24.— A1l Sac
ramento turned out to-night to bid
. welcome to the Xobles of the Mys
tic Shrine from San Francisco and
elsewhere. Red fire was burned on
[ the route of march; music made the air
ring and flags and bunting were freely
displayed. The occasion was the Initia
tion of a large number of new members,
followed by the usual banquet. Thomas
Scott of this city was the marshal of the
parade. About 300 Shrlners from San
Francisco arrived at 8 o'clock tn special
cars. Many grotesque figures were repre
sented in the parade, while the initiates
i liifii 111 11 Boys' Sailor Suits. I
pi \ IrililiftiJß lflf II !WW Special sale of thr m for this w:ek only. Sale ends ¦
|*| tj jU|;W|fcH ¦i'KI llfllM Saturday nl^ht next. They are made of mixed cheviot I
tv* T IliwVilßl ISli nßnl material— two patterns, of brown checks; French cuffs B
KJ I llMflSi ¦ Iradi neat braid trimmings; whistle and cord; it is a suit that ¦
Vi \\\M\fflm h/ID IfSI Out-of-town orders filled for clothing, furnishings and H
t * ill IwftUM Kill! 'MM * >at$ ' lte f° r our Illustrated Catalogue No. 2. It will I
15HARSHA HELD FOR TRIAL.
Stole Watches From Inmates of the
Veterans' Home.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA. March 24.— Samuel Harsha of
the Veterans' Home had his preliminary
examination on a charge of burglary be
fore Justice Richie at Rutherford to-day
and was held to answer before the Su
perior Court. lionds were fixed at $2000,
which the defendant failed to furnish.
Harsha stole several watches • at the
home from different veterans. Since be
ing in jail he has made two attempts at
suicide— first by cutting an artery In his
left hand and the second time . by - trying
to hang himself at the County Infirmary
about ten days ago. Harsha: feels very
despondent to-night at the outcome of
his case to-day and it is feared that he
may yet take this life if not guarded
closely.
Regretted Her Step.
special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. March 24.— Frances • Norton,
who arrived ¦ in Seattle a week • ago, at
tempted suicide this morning by .taking
morphine. A doctor immediately gave her
an emetic and she recovered. She states
that her desire to end her life is because
she had deserted her husband for another
man in San Francisco, t
Deaths From Diphtheria.
COVELO. . March 24,— Another death
from diphtheria occurred ln Westport ¦ to
day, making a total of five in ten days.
There are four more cases.- • ••.?:-•¦.•
BRYAN AT ODGEN.
Speaks on the Money Question and
Trusts to a Large Audience.
OGDEN, Utah, March 24.— Colonel W. J.
Bryan was greeted by a large and enthu
siastic crowd when he reached Ogden to
day. In company with ex-Senator Dubois
he arrived at the depot at 1 o'clock. A
.special train from Salt Lake brought a
large number cf prominent Democrats
from that city. The reception committee
escorted Colonel Bryan uptown.
At the opera-house he was introduced to
the large audience as the next ' President
of the United Slates. He spoke chiefly on
the money question, touching also upon
trusts, imperialism and Income. tax. Re
ferring to the Congressional candidates,
he said: "I want to see King elected by
a larger majority than you gave me ln
1596."
Colonel Bryan and party left for Salt
Lake on the 5:30 p. m. train.
THANKFUL FOR AID.
Indian Government Welcomes As
sistance for Famine Victims.
WASHINGTON, March 24.^-The Secre
tary of State is informed by ,the Viceroy
of India; with reference to offers of aid
to the suffering famine victims. ln India,
which have generously been
cated to him by charitably disposed per
sons in this country, that • while the In
dian Government is devoting its, energies
to fulfilling its duty tosave 5,000,000 souls
from starvation, contributions from any
Americans friends of India will be thank
fully received and will be devoted to the
material relief of the suffering.';
Held for Trial.
Si«c!al Dispatch to The Call
CARTERS, March 24.— The preliminary
examination of Vaquero Jack, the Indian
who so narrowly escaped hanging by an
gry citizens here a few days ago. for his
assault on 9-year-old Ellen Anderson, took
place to-day. The defendant was returned
to the County Jail at Sonora to await trial
in the Superior Court.
Tachuisa Held.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CARTERS, March 24.— Fillppo.TachuIsa,
who on February 28 attempted to assas
sinate his benefactor, Joseph Bertl, at his
wayside inn at Cherokee, presumably for
his money, was to-day held to appear be
fore the Superior Court upon the charge
of attempt to murder.
PRAIRIE'S OFFICERS FETED.
Tendered a Banquet by the Havre
Chamber of Commerce.
HAVRE, March 24.— General Horace
Porter, the United States Embassador to
France, accompanied by his daughter and
the American Consul at Rouen, arrived
here to-day and visited the United States
auxiliary cruiser Prairie . this afternoon.
The crew paraded on her deck and a sa
lute of nineteen guns was fired.
The Chamber of Commerce this evening
gave a banquet to the officers of the
Prairie. General Porter, Commissioner
Peck and Assistant Commissioner Wood
ward of the United States Exposition
Commission were among the guests of
honor.
Danish Cabinet Would Resign.
COPENHAGEN, March 24.— The Danish
Cabinet* has intimated to the Ktng the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STABBED WITH
A HATPIN BY A
JEALOUS WOMAN
Joseph -Lial of Salinas
v : Narrowly Escapes
Death. '
•' V ' t ¦ ' • . ¦-¦-
Weapon Penetrated an Artery and
Lial Lay Bleeding on the' Roa
dside Until Found by a
Doctor. .
?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS. March 24.— From facts ob
tained and assertions made Joseph Lial,
a popular caterer of this 'city, evidently
met with foul play some time last night
and is at the present time in a precarious
condition. [ Lial was stabbed in the leg
with a hatpin by a woman who was mad
ly jealous of his attentions to another,
and although the weapon was not large
and only made a very small wound, yet it
penetrated a vital spot and the man
nearly bled to death. In fact, had It not
been that by chance a physician passed
the spot where Lial lay bleeding this
morning there would have been a job for
the Coroner.
From the facts best obtained it seems
that Lial had been keeping company with
a certain woman of the "tenderloin" as
well as with others. She being of a jeal
ous disposition, seriously objected to his
going with any other woman and asserted
that fact to him. On Friday night a meet-
Ing took place between the two and it is
asserted a quarrel ensued. The man be
came angry and vindictive. A struggle en
sued. The woman, being unarmed, took a
steel hatpin from her headgear and drove
it deep into the leg of her 'assailant. The
pin punctured an artery and in a very
short time he had lost a great quan
tity of blood. Realizing his condition he
ran uptown ln search of medical attention.
Before a doctor could be found, however,
he swooned 'and was bleeding to death.
Lial regained consciousness to-day, but
refused to say anything of the affair for
some time. He finally gave out the story
that a vein in his leg had broken and
that he had not had any quarrel at all.
This story, however, is not borne out by
facts obtained and the whole affair is yet
a mystery, but is being thoroughly in
vestigated.
Easter cards now ready for. Eastern
mail, Eanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market St.*
YOUNG ON THE STAND.
Says He Regarded White as a Shrewd
Business Man;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
UKIAH, March 24.— The proponents ln
the White will contest j>ut on their first
witness this morning. He was E. B.
Young of the law firm of Gordon & Young
of San Francisco, who drew up the will
of decedent and who lias been the attor
ney for L. E. White, the father of de
ceasf*!, and founder of the Greenwood
Lumber Comj>any. He testified regarding
the legal assistance he had given the de
cedent and to the further fact that ho
had never seen William H. White under
the influence of intoxicating liquors and
had always regarded him as a wonderful
ly shrewd business man. Several other
witnesses were placed upon the stand but
their testimony went no further than to
allege the sanity of the deceased.
The etar witness of the proponent. Mrs
W. H. White, widow of the deceased, will
be placd upon the Bland Monday. Her
testimony and cross-examination is ex
pected to be the dramatic feature of the
trial.
Excursion to Timber Belt.
Br*clal DiFpntch to The Call
CARTERS. March 24.— The officials of
the Sif rra Railway and West Side Flume
and Lumber Company, with a number of
Invited guests, enjoyed an excursion Into
the latter company's timber bplt, pome
fifteen miles from here, to-day. The West
Side Flume and Lumber Company has
about 2,000.000 feet of timber already felled
and commenced to-day delivering It In
Carters for manufacture. The huge saw
mill will soon be in operation.
Broke Game Laws.
COVELO. March 24.— F. Harris, better
known as "Hog" Harris, was fined $20' by
Judge Cummins for slaughtering deer out
of season. Harris had twenty carcasses
of deer ln his possession.
ceased was a native of New York, "aged
C 9 years. He had been a Supervisor in
this county for fourteen years and for
eleven- years was chairman of the board.
From IS7O to 18S0 he was County Treas
urer. Deceased was an upright and a
highly respected citizen and was a pioneer
of 1847. having come to California with the
Stevenson regiment. He was a veteran of •
the Mexican war. A widow and two
grown children survive him. •
Fruit-Growers Meet.
GILROY, March 24.— The fruit growers
of Gllroy Township met to-day and gave
a committee of five prominent fruit grow
ers full power to act in securing a pack
ing house for Gllroy Valley. Nearly 1501
acres have been pledged to the California
Dried Fruit Association.. Mr. Fletcher
and other prominent fruit men spoke ln
favor, of. the proposition. The committee
of five is composed of Dr. J. Koebig P
H. Cordes, George T. Donlap, James C.
Zuck and Gus Lion.
desire of the Cabinet to resign owing to
the attitude of the Folkethlng (the lower
house of Parliament) regarding the Gov
ernment's taxation proposals, but the
Ministers will remain in office until the
end of the Parliamentary session.
Exterminating Spiders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, March 24.— A meeting of
the County. Horticultural Commission was
held to-day. A few cases of scale and
red spider were reported. The ladybugs
are doing good work in exterminating the
red spider. ?^.
Murdered and Cremated.
DETROIT, March 24.— Paul Reno, a
farmer living in Grosse Pointe Township,
near the city limits, was burned to death
to-day. It ls believed he was murdered
for the purpose of robbery and his house
burned to conceal the crime.
HAD BEEN BURIED ALIVE.
Exhumed Remains of a Boy Show
Evidence of a Struggle.
PHILADELPHIA, March 24.— An under-
. taker who was exhuming the bodies of
members of the Smutzer family, who lived
at Mulllca Hill, N. J., about twenty-five
years ago, for final burial in this city,
found one coffin containing the skeleton
of a boy, the condition of which bore evi
dences of an awful struggle. The bones
of the legs were drawn up and the arms
were extended across the face. The glass
of the casket which had been above the
.boy's head was broken. The position of
the body and the condition of the coffin
Indicated that the boy had been buried
alive and had died in agony.
Death of a Pioneer.
MODESTO. March 24.— G. W. Toombs
died to-day after a lingering Illness.- De-
STRIKERS ARE
BLAMED FOR
MAN'S DEATH
Gustave Smith Found in
Chicago With His Skull
Fractured.
Another Man Is Lying Unconscious
in the Hospital Because of a Seat
ing Administered by Un
known Parties.
CHICAGO, March 24.— The Record says:
Two men, who are supposed to have
been assaulted by i strikers yesterday,
were taken to the County Hospital in a
serious condition. One of them dledlater.
The dead man is Gustave Smith, 38
years of age. August Hasterock, 35 years
of age, the injured man, is suffering from
concussion of the brain.
Mystery surrounds the manner in which
Smith received his injuries. He Was
picked up at Madison and Jefferson
streets in the afternoon ln an Insensible
condition by the police. He was found
lying in the street car tracks. No one
had seen him fall, and it was thought
that probably he had been struck by a
cable train. This theory, was abandoned
after a canvass of the neighborhood and
inquiry of the railway emplpyes." !
Smith's skull was badly fractured. His
nose was broken and his 'lips cut and
bleeding. The hospital physician said; the
Injury to the head had not been caused
by a fall. In his opinion It had been in
flicted by a heavy blow from a club
Police Inspector Shea detailed several
detectives on the case, but up to late last
night little could be learned concerning
the dead man. .-..,. , VT
. Hasterock'Sj manner of .receiving" his
injury is also shrouded In mystery. ! He
was picked up at Noble and Cornell
streets in an unconscious condition by the
police. At the County Hospital it was
said that the. man was suffering from
concussion of the brain. Hasterock is un
conscious, and his condition Is said to be
serious, j He is an ironworker. •
FIREMEN
DROWNED IN
A BASEMENT
Three Are Dead and Two
Others Seriously In
jured.
Were Engaged in Washing Down
Walls After a Fire When
the Flooring Grave
Way.
NEW YORK, March 24.— Through the
breaking down of the first floor in the
factory building at 122 and 125 East
Forty-fourth street, which was totally
destroyed by fire to-day, three firemen
were killed and two Injured. The men
were precipitated into the basement.
in which v.-as about six feet of water, and
pinned under the debris. It is supposed
they were drowned.
Following are the dead:
WILLIAM J. SJHITH.
PETHB BOWMAN.
FOREMAN JOHN GRADT.
The injured are: Fireman Kuchs and
Captain William Clark.- • •
The accident occurred two hours after
the fire had been put out. About twenty
men were engaged in washing down the
walls on the lirst floor, on which I were
Ftored tons of machinery, tin. heavy tim
bers and pig lead. The great weight on
the floor made it give way, and the men
went down into the basement. • • •
The police estimate, the loss at $50,000.
I A SIGNIFICANT OFFERING OF |
0 . ...
Tou are us*d to lar?e Silk offerings from this store. Again to-morrow we present g
£). one of the be?t crportunlties of the year. i --'• ¦ $
w 300 rlecra cf reliable Black Taffeta go on sale Monday morning at the lowest prices W
a£ ever quoted for Silks of equal merit. «
» Kvery yard has been manufactured for this eprlns by Bonnet & Co. and Antoine V.
« Oulnet & Co.. the most noted Silk manufacturers of France. The elegance and good W
O wearing qualities of tbene renowned Silks are well known end therefore require no Q
£>, further Introduction. Here ls a meager mention of items: Q
| GUINET'S BLACK TAFFETA. j BONNET'S BLACK TAFFETA. §
;% 19-inch Guinet Black Taffeta; EDeclal price! 21-inch Bonnet Black Taffeta; special pries §
>3 6S«; reeular value R3c | fsr»c; regular value $1.10. W
g 54-inch Guinet liiack Taiteta; special price '54-inch Bonnet Bl^ck Tafteta; epecial price g
« sr»o; reg-uiar value 51.10. I J)Sc; regular value $1.25. • J5
J* 57-Indi Guinet Black Taffeta; rpecial pricei27-!nch Bonnet Black Taffeta; special price .V
g l»5o; ntrular value J1.25. i 51. 17; resrular value t1.60. .V
| CHOICE FOULARD SILKS. J~' I
O The largest range !n this city. All the exclusive and most fashionable designs are S
Q gathered together lor your inspection. Last Monday* rpecial offer of Foulards caused a «
<C» commotion, and co will this; a tplendid chance to combine Silk luxury with Silk economy. M
1 68c A YARD FOR EXQUISITE $1.00 FOULARDS. |
O They are exceptionally fine values. A r4-inch twilled Silk, an extra heavy quality, of &
>v a brilliant finish, in extremely pretty designs nnd in the most favored colorings, as these; 0
~ Cadet. Royal Blue, Navy, Brown, Purple iuid Black and White. A
| NEW DRESS FABRICS AT SPECIAL PRICES, i
X Bhck OflPViflt THIS OFFER FOR MON'-[C|np VpflPfUn SMnch All-Wool Imported Q
O Dlflbß tIIBTIUJ UAY OKLT. |T UC^^ f £11611311 Venetian Sulti n g s? the «
8 50C Yard 42-inch wide All "W'oclirjnfhe Bpring weight; with an ex- «
V Chertot: a grand quality;' ulul "°' ceedingly high luster; ln all X
Q Et«*atn fpor.ged and shrunk; cannot be du-;the newest panel tints. Including Castor, 'X'
fj J'licated un.ier Tic a yard. Monday's price! Brown. Navy. Green. Gray and Black. This o{
£ sO«> a yard. i very popular fabric cannot be duplicated S
'¦& RIT-V Proinrc English Crerons. In ten of i for ' e « than ¦ «0.50 a Suit. Our special Q
V 5L C< UrejJUfiS the^newest and most ef-l P rlce - * Suit. 0
S S9 QQ *W\\ Active patterns yet shewn. l g
vmuu wuu. Every oiece i«= new and'DUplf Prcnnnc A beautiful collection of W
V* Ftyllsh; fine lustrous finith and serviceable; l"'""™ UlCpUllS ri ehc h and exclusive designs
O rccular value J'^.oO. Special at .<!».«»« ait 0 nf| Cm } ' ln Imported Silk and Wool &
« Su.t. jtJI^.UU OUII. Hlack Crepons; styles and «
O NEWEST WA^H FARRin^ I patterns not to be found elsewhere; must «
V lILirLOI TlftOn rnDniUO. \\^ leen t0 be appreciated. Special at «
* Every fbtalnable istyle ar.d grade find j #12.00 a Suit; good value at $15.00. •»
Jf representation ln our large and extensive! Of
M ctock. On display the most fashionabl»il] aul l r r!*<il Unouestionablv the 'S
O an.i effective creation of 2900 at the lowe*t|NeW ArnWl styles that tavs 8
X prlceE - . FrfiflCh CHaMIPS ever been exhibited. The <>¦
S Irkh ninltlPC X flainty and sheer qual- ' lc " wl ollfll1 "' colorlngsaresuperb.de- $
ilia i uililllica |ty. i n preuy striDef. fig- signs exquisite and qualities the very best. .V.
8 15C Yard ures and srn l!l *«»*sn«: ail| ¦ «
icw iuiu. choice effects; warranted Cjjmnlp Cfrino nf A great offering of Em- #
V fast colors. On rale at ICe a yard. OaIUjJIC Ollip Jl broideries. A St. Gall O
5 MPrrpri7Pd Ffl!ll?rfl<s Another, shipment. LfliDfO lUM 3S. manufacturer s stock of «
r> mcIbCIUCU rUUlalUa j ntt received to be ' ulu *"""' 1 sample Embroidery, at ft
O 9(IP YarH placed on sale com- iess than the cost of material. The lengths A"
X * v *» «OIU. mencing to-morrow, ar< * fl '°ni 4to 4»i yards and are called trial *
X Tlie choicest designs and the most fashion- t ni *'\ some , [ oi them are s"Khtly colled from »
X a'^'.e colorings »r? represented ln this lot, Handling, bet at the price they will be of- f>
X an*, ac they are washable, they will make| f ? red th , e , v surely will not last long. Among S
>* ideal summer dresses On sale at HOc yard I tnem will be found fine sheer Cambric and W
O ?,,,. rt ji i# i . "v " swiss Edeings and Insertions which we O
6 White OfEandlES £Ly°Vl?.?iL y °V1?.?i f «^ y " hav * <"vidrd Into two lots, marked to sell S
8 35c Yard S^SS^Sffftialf* 33c and 53c FOR ** CH STRIP - - S
g g^^^nf^t^ Petticoats. SS6^2i2S |
g inches wide. | tra ln a! , the i eadins colors and «
S Inpnran FPrralPC An offering not| Black; grand value; at 94.50 each. X
M MUlClllfCll rCIUCItd equaled before. On! ¦ . M
« 3C Yard, S-l Ie f^ r Monda y ,°, nl >'UPp fnr 9Rp For Monday and Tuesday we S
$ UU , ' , The best guall ty||3l» 101 ¦« ill offer the best 23c grade 9-
O American Percale: ZZ inches wide; in the linen Children's Hose for lj>c a 8
Q choicest Etyl^« imaginable: in Persian e{-^ lIUI3I ' < pair. They are made of the O
ft fects. striye*. scrolls and epots; ln colors' best yarn, medium weight, double soles. O
R of W"dium Blue. Szvr. Cardinal. Garneti heels and toes, and warranted fast black* Q
g and Black and White; ruaranteed fast coi-| everj' r>alr that falls to give perfect satis- "^
g crt; worth 12bc i faction will be replaced; sires sto S&.
1 A SPECIAL IN LININ6S — 9c A YARD INSTEAD OF 20c. I
§Tfce Lining Department has made strides in proportion. to the rest of our store ft
Here ls a special economical offer, but for Monday only. The 10c quality 36-inch Taffeta ¥'
Lining, of a silky finish so much used now for the lining of Skirts, In the most favored «
color* of Purple. Gray, Brown. Green. Tan. Red, Gobelin, New Blue, Cerise Navy and *
ft Black, en sale at l)c a yard. * * O
g — * £
O COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. g
ADVESTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CAIiL, SUNDAY, MARCH 25, 1900.
sßßsnwswNnoflO IVnlulBBMBHr&swBflBl BBBnHHBHBsaVDW'rWjRNfSBHnsnBBW^i^fIV LbVi
BBJBBBB^BP^ BJKIfIL ,^^9u!iBS9Wb2bbBbBBBBBBBB^BBbHBBbbIb^^S^bI ¦BEBBVBBBHBBBBaKBsBBBI BbVßbL^^^_^Bßßßßblh BBB^BBbBBsH ¦BBaBBBBBBBBEB^BMHHB^BHfiI^^SBMBBBBBBBBBBBIfIsfIi sßHsFliv^Ssl imßT^B^klb^Bl BBBBBBBbE^I
i Tldings * m m Wrapper SIO Ladies' Tailor Made Suits Our Busy Muslin Underwear | S"| ffn%
r£m to I'ERS, inacle of best __^ naade suits are £* «> G^ made of best cam- [If BgL I hJIL: Jsw^jb
_ff*l|'>BHßWßtß|i»rTjpfiMp|Mpj^Ji . M\\ \ sl^ris. We do not be* . v~xi now box plult tl \i / //ruTHd, similar onos \&9^f^W^^KT'WW^B^Sßf^A
K^^g TBib^SimSl| «^iSyAJ^3^Z|| Jfjfffi &. jlov© In KC'CplnjEj' j^oods 4&SliXr^i\L^' baclt bound* woll vt \ * / // vixlUGii crlscwhcro mi mpup ¦rV^v^Rßßssfc^V
GS PH^ir IS lrir2M^M! vjfffflL Jm^ from one season to an- " fij^ff^ »> -?W lined* and have f^v/Tf^nft^ jfi\ 51 25. H BbTS aJ 6 L4V'^2EHBB
t* ™< fill !ro»7ttii tffimt-' rf other; that Is the reason v welted seams. On I j#^ I A n r\ _i j.
" rtf * njF * why we are selling T*ffiSifi WV •si_l^ I -^^fr I Uur islisy l/9p&rtm6llw 1 y^* 3i V %jS£f» jtltPwE
mm jj>* iP I" t? G?^^t/P^K^ fl^iixi ncse bo cneap. \ * rtcii a \jyißpsj *'jf tWawiI «_ » « a *? vlv fvlr* *^Lv ¦&¦>• "Pt»i i* a /• 1 / 1 1 • J BBQVjBsK^rJBL
>^^^^al J)ilB3 >' ards l>lack Chantilly Lace, all they 7 6hould fit.) 6 (Perfect measure- and consider them cheap. Bo one of ll^^SS §r2y^ie%M
silk, from 2 to^S Inches wide, all new men ts make perfect fit.) (Our ta* 101 "- the lucky ones— come early and pet P^^J^gHH
t^^^j^ffi^?**L?*'^jSw 1 n Ok ' ' orwi t atitf l6 ?' SILK MO- s h muslin, yoke trimmed with lace Iw*4PJSSF^^E*WBHBBBBI
BJfcIJE gj^ fciifia m LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS-Made of on sale this -week for less than cost of price we ask you \ QV them: Wjß^K^^^XfJj
Usnßjnßw«mßpMß^niiJ| ' n £ braid, full width. If we didn't ¦ Drawers 25c rsbbbbbbbbbbhbbsssbibbbsbiibbb^m
I^9 '^ " aSt3 ' — Un -- c - r -----SJ/.9S bo SILK SKIRTS, made of best Sale takes place at O'Farrell-street W^J^UMPIJ^Jkm
Bs?v *pWHFiffff?F^' Jl vfr-wi < **M^drD , , #^ ?' *>-_ ? Ahv*->dSt double heel and .* flPO«sy£> IL aa i l^_^_^^i^^^y
feS* w~ t m m idVtlAil binugrnt iront ix^^ti" toes* full length; , ~~-~- liar JWWBBsfTy^Pj^B
k£i heavy mohair corset lacj 5 yards long. Mall Orders Promptly filled. None sold to the trade. f&t.75 it S/MsSwi^ f^l^m
aBKSBHIHHMHHBHHH ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦HaBBBlBBniBlBHBBlllHMBlHHBBBBlBBlBl«BllBllB«BniBHB«BlB«lllllB««BllH«B«aBaBlHaia«lB!l
I jm&fls^. Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt wins success over pre|udice arising from J
j.r < "^^p^k the failure of old style, out of date electric belts. An electric belt which cures g
! without blistering the flesh meets with a popular demand. It makes curing !
' iPS s^*w&sit's l easy, pleasant and certain. Dr. McLaughlln's Museum is overflowing with out ¦
|8k WJjf J^^^^M^i^^j of date flesh burners, discarded for his modern, non-burning appliances. The J
| 7^p^P^^^^^S^^ old concerns are now trying to imitate Dr. McLaughlin's cushion electrodes, but 5
' ®yi^^^^^^r\ without success. By frequent "Warnings" and "Cautions" they attempt to ¦
j Mj| \^^^^^T J sidetrack the popular demand, but "the dear public" knows that a "warning" »
! Is\ issued by a competitor is a cry of distress at the loss of business. §
! •ydS^lSiV^ Why Dr. McLaughlin Succeeds. . Dr. McLaughlin's Regulator. §
I t^^Ssil^'+Ji ' llMxLJ'' *^*^ i^ Dr- McLau K hlln has presented to the public an improvement on th« The only electric belt ln the world which possesses a regulator ¦
| fjPWf F< **/^V "^S. . • . old manner of applying electricity for the cure of nervou 8 an<l chronic makinsr the current mild or atrons at will of the wearer it the Dr ' 9
>i fe3||§g£W Mfj^ •¦ S to/N\k- . .. .diseases. The Improvement ls ln the form of an electric belt which" will, • McLauirlln Kleptrir T*»it w . . . k we wearer is in. ur. wm
f ## (W MW^X%WV - not burn and scar the wearer for life. . These who have worn electric "^ f 01 " 0 W w " h °«t ««h control the current would .tin* g
gjfSf 4«WKi *>. "^|eBS«|V\ ¦ belts know what this means. They know that an electric belt. If it ' or blister, and no ordinary person could stand It. Persons wearing the ¦
W>^Sw)SNw ' \ ' Blves any electrlclt y at allsl > ls an Instrument of torture un!eß3 the cur- Dr - McLausrhlln Electric B«lt at night may set the regulator when r*- H
I y^um^^^^^mm^ijO^^\, \ rent can be controlled by the wearer, because It blisters, sears and tlrtne so that the smooth, cor.tlnusus current feels like a slowing '5
y # /R7cP^g£ii.^|lw /;/ irritates the flesh Into a mass of raw sores. A cure under such suffer- warmth, and may retire and sle*r> peacefully while the Belt pours ¦
*£_A JmmS^^^ ¦ no* overcome by- Dr. McLau.hlln-. regulator. S™."'^ "T™* " " dM ** r ° f -^ ° P "
I c " ' - "^BsflW^- . whlch makes the [current strons or mild at will. The most «enalUv« , "--. »ensauon a« ir you were belnz electrocuted ln your steep, as ¦
A Pnnt • fAI» " Mon A Rnnir fnV Wtvmcm person can wear it without tern*' blistered. ' i c many who "* now discarding th« cU-styli belt* for tfc«.Dr.- B)
JjUUxV XUI moil. IX IJUUA. XUI VV UIIICII. . • McL&uglln invention. ' • B
I Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt Is as g-ood for women as for men. ". , ¦ .'¦R'tippi ill . P!l APtfrtfifiC . ¦' Ri
|rt ls the only, Electric Belt In the world that can be worn by a person . .' "Py 1 * I * l ¦ . . __ TUT^T « 1.1! » ; "w '• ¦
|of tender eKin. A book with fnir Information will be s sent sealed free :' A« a preventive against "the contact of bar., metal electrodes with - -..Air. XUCLaUgxllln S XUUSeUIII. ' . 2
to every sufferer who wishes to study, this subject. If you cannot call. .. the Heßh; Dr. McLaughlin haa invented a special cushion electrode, which _ .« . ° . 5
<. rite J2" da - y ;i - e 7 a , IJf.hu1 Jf. hu re^' ; tes »nionlaJß from^ recent cures. makes If possible to give the current into the body without contact of Thert> is not an electric belt In the market that cannot be «-en in B
after the Xailure of other remedies. - ¦ the bare metal. These electrodes. ' as well as the regulator, are fur- Dr.' McLaughlln's Museum, from the kind that burnt the flesh to th. : 'B
TiOraTHrPTTlAnt nf NfirVflllQ SvctOtn nlahed free. • - ._;_^ ,;_,,_ . Wnd that has no more power than a piece of flannel poaked ln red pep- ¦
uerangemeni oi. «ervoub oysiem.; A Free Test Invited. »** solutlo «- The™ are dozens of . u>e -Thirty i***- -mai- *&£¦ ¦
r ¦ KIRKLAND. Arizona. March 16, 1900. . - ¦--,-.¦/- . . . which were purchased dearly by the poor dupes who tried to ret some- B
I DR. M. A. McL.AUGHL.IN— Dear Sir: I suffered very seriously from . To prove how greatly superior his appliances are, , Dr. ; McLaughlin *. . thing for nothing. -There 'are burners which were worn «ni» H
I trrexular action of the heart and. poor, ; circulation, ; great pains in the Invites every sufferer from, nervous. Dainful' or chronic ailments to several worn twice and dl«»arri»<i *™ th* r*. v^t— v,. « «nee. m
head, shocks on the braln;andsleeDlessness.. I treated with three ex- call at his office and personally test his new Belt, see how wonderfully cause the wearerac^MnrtK. *Z ,\+ s ic,Lai c , Lau * nlJn Belt, be- ¦
perienced physicians. After spending 4 hundreds of dollars I feared I ihc regulator, works and compare this Belt with the many other kinds . f, " weare ™ cou ia. not bear the tortnre. There are two -belts ¦¦
I .«hould never recover.., I bought a chejip electric belt, which was a I on exhibition at his office. ; This test Is 'free, as well as the advice of an Bent In by. one man. who ; wrote: "I send you one of Dr »- r
I ' fraud. .Tour, Belt treatment has restored me to health and strength. • I experienced physician as to whether the Belt will prove of benefit ln burners, " which blistered my back, and a "Thirty Days' Trial tt»i» • ¦
| .ay pains are gone. Tours truly, . r NOBLE CONdER. '. your case. ; ' V. . . which blistered my pocket-book." -¦•¦ - '"*"• ¦
' f\n H/I A Ik/% ~W HIT/>Uf I\T ?°2 Market St., Corner Kearny, San Francisco. S
! DIX. iVi. Ai iVlCsLALIiinLiirN. . Budickßlookv Corner Spring asd Second Streets, Los Angeles.. g
,*^ . *»»•*'»•*» »W«fc*A m.W.^-»»-«— ¦ *, Offleei HouM-Dally » a. m. to »p. m. Sundays lo to I. NBVTER SOLD IN DRUO STOREB. H
BBBBBBBBBHBHBBBBBBBBJIBBBBBBBfIBBBBBBfIBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBfIBBfIEBBBBBBBBBfIBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBaa3I^£3aaI3
BBfBBBBBMBBp^ :^;' - ' -": ¦ - : , /: ¦ -^ - ' '^SjßßS^^^'-" J "H^ V'" " ' -''' ' -. l?£s3^Mi#sBs§£*l^^ ' ¦ ¦
16PAID A GOOD PRICE
FOR A WORTHLESS SHIP
.*•..¦
Dr. Jordan of Seattle Has Warrants
Issued for Arrest of Captain
Handy and Dr. Adams.
Special Dispatch to The Call. #
SEATTLE, March 24.— Warrants have
been issued for ' the arrest Jof Dr. ; E.- F.
Adams of Seattle and Captain -F. N.
Handy, who gives his place . of business
as 30G Pine street, San Francisco. : The
complainant, is Dr. J. E. Jordan of Seat
tle, who alleges that", he has been: bun
koed by these men out of $10,000. ; He paid
them that amount for! an interest In the
steamer Professor ;-¦, Morse," now at San
Francisco. It was represented ;¦ as ¦. sea
worthy and first class in every particular.
A few days ago Dr. Jordan sent Captain
Fisher to. bring -the steamer north. -?'¦ ;.;¦
After he arrived . in : San : Francisco he
learned that the Morse was In; the bone
yard; that she 'had been condemned two
years by, the Government inspectors and.
In fact, was nothing but a worthless hulk.
Dr. "Adams has left the : city with ¦ detec
tives on his trail: It is reported that Cap
tain Handy has left San Francisco, where
he has been for several weeks past.
An Independent Road.
Special Dispatch to The Call. -
SAN ANDREAS,^ March . 24.— 1n lan ? In
terview to-night David Guttman,the pro
moter of the proposed railroad. in Amador
County, said: t "The railroad from lone to
the summit near Mardells will be built
before August. That terminus will; pla^e
the line on . the : true mother lode, ¦ whence
It Is our purpose to build north and south,"
but * the distance ¦ we •: will • reach * will *be
determined wholly, by future events."^ Our
faith in the country is unlimited and 'our
scheme has no connection with any,! other
existing- railroad In the State. The ' men
interested In the enterprise are Eastern
railroad men, who go Into this enterpri«B
for purely business purposes and have in
mind their. own future, movements."
GRIFFIN WILL CASE AGAIN.
Jury Fees Paid and It Is Replaced on
the. Calendar.
Special Dispatch to The Call. \ . \
SAN . RAFAEL, *March 24.— Tha Ellen
Griffin will* case, which seems to be en
dowed with perennial life, has' again come
up, and the latest hearing. has been set
for Monday. - . •
The case was first heard several months
ago and was before • the ¦ court ¦ for three
weeks. /The jury, being unable i to agree,
was discharged. Neither side would pay
the > jury fees, and : as * both » plaintiff and
defendant were equally firm the case was
ordered stricken from the calendar.""- Now
a compromise has been effected , ; the • fees
paid and the case ordered put on the cal
endar for Monday. -^
'At the time of her. death Mrs. Griffin
was an exceedingly: wealthy : resident ' of
Tomales,? and : in . her .will left ; the bulk *of
hex- \ estate ; to ; her daughter, ¦ a Mrs.* Kate
O'Connor."- The will was contested by Pat
rick Mulvaney, a son-in-law, on behalf of
his children, he claiming that the deceased
had "'• been ; placed ¦ under • undue •- Influence
and that ¦ more ¦• of . the estate ; should by
law have been willed to his family. v The
amount involved is about $100,000 and the
case ¦ has ¦ aroused keen .- interest In ¦' the
county. ¦-¦¦: :::::, \:".;. ! - ;./ ¦
Lancaster Wins.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦ SANTA " ROSA,.M arch ' 24— Judge ¦ Bur
nett has decided the damage suit brought
by, H.* A.'. Wheeler against A; J. Lancaster
in > favor of. the „ defendant. * The ;• claim
was i for $5000 ; damages ¦ for ¦. injuries In a
runaways accident, v; The p principal i point
In the i case I was whether, one |of i the i run
away ; hocsM had a mean ' disposition. - . - »
PLUGGED GUNS ON THE
MONITOR NANTUCKET
Vessel : That ; Port Royal
7 During the War Could Not
Ha^ Fired a Shot. ,
WASHINGTON, March ; 24.— The Naval
Inspection | Board, I . as a result ' of its visit
to Port Royal,' S.; C, has recommended to
the Navy Department the sale at auction
of thej single-turreted • monitor; Nantucket
and tug Conianche, both lying at the Port
Royal : naval ''¦ station. ,; -The board , found
that it . was costing the Government about
$2000 per annum- to care for.tnese vessels,
which are of no use. It was recommended
that * the * Na'ntucket be towed north for
sale. She was appraised at $15,000 and the
value iof ' the Comanche was : placed at
$5000. ii-^J^ . :.¦;¦:¦/-:•¦:-¦ .-.;•:--:-¦-•- .; - ?- ¦ V
The' Nantucket was loaned to the North
Carolina Navy Militia before the Spanish
war,: and durjng. that; war. she was- used
by the Government to defend the entrance
to the harbor at :Portißoyal.\- She looked
very. formidable, and it was only after the
war was over. that it ;was* discovered that
her big turret' guns 'could not -have been
fired, the vents having been plugged.
Body Found in the Ruins.
PHILADELPHIA, March 24.— The body
of I Warren > was : found to-day. In
the . ruins } of the ] building rat .* 124 : South
Eleventh . street r. which - was ; wrecked ¦. on
Thursday . by an' explosion •=: of flashlight
powder In T. v H. McCollln & • Co.'s : blue
print plant. \ This makes two killed by the
explosion. Warren was in the employ
of McCollin & Co.
.¦. ¦ •¦ - ¦ ¦- . - ¦ ;•¦¦: - »
Body Identified.
;¦;, STOCKTON, March 24.— The body of ,«
well-dressed ;' young man was % found /In
Stockton Channel on the Bth last.?' but the
FIRST EARTH LIFTED
WITH A SILVER SPADE
Mayor Van Wyck Formally Starts
the Construction of New York's
Underground Railway. .-
NEW YORK, March 24.— With a sliver
spade in the presence of thousands of per
sons Mayor Van Wyck to-day lifted from
an opening in the City Hall Square a few
pounds of earth, which formally began
the work on the underground rapid transit
railway system. Addresses were made, by
Mayor Van Wyck and President Orr of
the Rapid Transit Commission.
The underground railway tunnel will be
twenty-one miles in length and will in
volve the expenditure by the city of.New
York of more than $36,000,000. The con
tract time for completion is unlimited,
and about 10,000 men will Cc employed. .
POPULISTS DISSATISFIED.
Leaders Object to the Joint Meeting
Arranged at Los Angeles.
Epeeial Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 24.— Owing to
the. dissatisfaction of several Populist
leaders the joint meeting of the Silver Re
publican and Populist State Committees
may not be held April 10 in this city dur
ing the visit of William Jennings • Bryan,
as has been planned. They object to the
so-called cut-and-dried programme ot the
Cole-Hutchinson faction.
These recalcitrants insist that the two
committees were to have met in Fresno;
and the switch to Los Angeles is for' the
purpose of swelling the Populist party or
ganization this year and again forming
the tail to the Democratic kite. Some of
the former middle-of-the-road men will, it
Is said, be present here on' April 10: and
will resist all. efforts at fusion during 'the
coming campaign. ¦ r t%HSGtt
Identity of the deceased was not deter
mined until to-day, when It was found
that he : was John Herrln of Altamont.
Two brothers of the deceased arrived here
to-day from LJvermore and identified the
clothing and personal property of the dead
man. The drowning was evidently acci
dental.
CAVE-IN AT A TUNNEL.
One Man Killed and Three- Believed
to Be Dying.
PITTSBURG. March 24.— One man was
killed' and five 'injured by a cave-in at
-Whitehall tunnel on the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad, ten miles south of this
city, to-day.; The killed: '.-':
, ANTONIO DE ' BONO, an Italian la
borer. ¦ ¦¦ -» •- -J' '-
The " Injured : Frank Alietier. Italian :
John Lee. j colored, i Philadelphia; Thomas
Clark, colored, Charlottesville, > Va. ; un
known ' American ; unknown colored man.
- The men < were engaged at ; excavating
when the timbers ¦ gave way. AH were
taken out alive, but De Bono died a' few
minutes later.- Alietier,' Lee and the un
known "American are" unconscious and it
is believed they, will die., -
Beaten by Strikers.
CHICAGO/ March \ 24.— John Weber, a
non-union machinist, ; was , atacked by
three men, supposed to be members of the
Machinists' ¦-•Union;'- which .is;- now on"
a : strike, near ¦ the „ headquarters .of the
Building Trades Council to-day and
beaten into . insensibility. The assailants
escaped.
Cotton Gin Manufacturer Dies.
: NEW LONDON, i Conn.; March ', 24.—
Israel : Fanning , Brown, ; president Cof ' the
Brown Cotton : Gin Company and a pio
neer - manufacturer -of < cotton * gins, died
here to-day,' aged 90 years.; He located In
this city) in. 1838 and built up one of the
largest factories of the kind In the world.'
OBJECT TO RUSSIAN
COLONIZATION SCHEME
Mass Meeting of Ranchers From Vi
cinity of Los Alamitos Sugar '
Factory Held.
ANAHEIM. March 24.— At a meeting of
ranchers in the Los Alamltos sugar fac
tory territory this evening a strong pro
test was made against the colonization of
that section by 20,000 Russians whom an
endeavor is being made to bring from
Canada. fll ¦ .'HWM H 111" »>'
Cheap labor for the production of sugar
beets is claimed to be- the object, j Last
yearjthe importation of Chinese labor was
threatened.
Peckham Loses.
SANTA CRUZ, March 24.— Judge Smith
has decided the case of G. "W. Peckham
against, the city of Watsonville in favor
of the "¦ defendant. Plaintiff sought ' to
have a sewer contract annulled ¦ on " the
ground that the City Trustees failed to
award the contract to the lowest respon
sible bidder. . Judge Smith held that the
-contract was awarded under the munici
pal act Instead of the Vruoman act, and
therefore the Trustees ¦ had a right to
award the contract to whoever they con
sidered the most responsible. In the ab-"
sence of fraud the contract could not be
annulled. ¦ .
Postoffice Robbed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NOGALES, Ariz.. March 24.— The post
office at this place was robbed ..Wednes- >
day. evening of a registered package con
taining {5000 In Mexican bank notes. Last
night ¦ Joaquln " Aros, ; a young - Mexican,
who. formerly worked In the office, was
arrested on the charge of having stolen
the package. To-day he was admitted to
bail In the sum of J2500 gold,
accessibility that the disturbance thus far
has involved missionary interests rather
than those of trade or railway or mining
development. The movement is not so
much anti-Christian as anti-foreign.
Desolation and ruin followed everywhere
In the track of the marauders, who soon
spread over some scores of counties. The
compounds of the foreigners were speed
ily tilled with refugees, whose worldly
goods had been seized or destroyed and
•whose very houses had been torn down for
the timber . that they contained. . The
Roman Catholics have suffered far more
severely than the Protestants, the native
constituency of the German and Italian
missions having been harried ruthlessly,
with every attendant circumstance or Dru
tality and torture. Repeatedly, both Amer
ican and English communities have been
for days In a state of practical siege and
days have more than once been set by
public proclamation for their murder.
In October last a great body of tne
Boxers started across the country to sack
the American mission station of Pang
Chuang— of which the well-known author,
A. H. Smith, is one of the members.
They were met in the nick of time by a
force of Chinese troops sent to the rescue
from the provincial capital. A sharp en
gagement followed and the rioters fled,
leaving a hundred of more of their num
ber dead upon the field. It was a salu
tary check and for a few days spread
dismay among the Boxers.
Government's Attitude Shown.
At this juncture the attitude of the
authorities was displayed. The Gover
nor of the province— the Manchu, Yu
Hsien— instead of promoting the officers
who had succeeded thus successfully in
carrying out their orders degraded, im
prisoned or punished every man on wnom
he could lay his hands who had been
connected with the affair. The result
was as could be foreseen. The rebellion
instantly was fanned into fresh flames
and spread more rapidly tnan before, un
der the visible assurance that orders for
its suppression were to be taken in a
Pickwickian sense only. The Governor,
according to Chinese reports, sent out in
structions i-at "all petitions and appeals
by missionaries and their converts were
to be considered as so much waste paper.
A body of the gentry called upon him to
protest against the license to pillage and
murder that he had given to the bandit
organizations of the province as likely to
set tire to the whole country if not
checked in time. Tuey were miserably
snubbed for their pains and an audience
v/as refused them. - ._¦
Such a policy soon produced further
fruit. In December Mr. Brooks, an Eng
lish gentleman of education and culture,
was returning from a visit to his sister
in Chinafu, when he ran across a band
of these wretches in a village. In the
bitter winter weather, with fifteen de
grees of frost, they stripped him naked,
save for a few poor rags, his nose was
slit, and with a rope through his nostrils
he was led about for several hours like
a. beast, exposed to the insults of the
people. Attempting to escape he was
killed on the spot and his head cut off
and carried away upon a pike.
The man who was directly responsible
for this atrocious deed was the high offi
cial Yu Hsien, the Manchu Governor of
the province, who a little before had been
relieved of his post and summoned to Pe
king. His degradation and punishment
are presumably demanded by the Britlsn
Government. But so far from conceding
this it is he who, according to this week s
telegram, has just been rewarded by ap
pointment as Governor of Shansi. That
there may be no doubt of the Govern
ment's attitude in the matter the former
Governor of Shantung, LI Ping Heng,
whose hatred of foreigners brought on the
troubles that culminated In the murder
of three German missionaries and the
seizure of Kiaochau, and who was "per
manently degraded from bearing office,'
on demand of the German Government,
has been appointed to one of the most
Influential posts in China, and has just
now been elevated to the first rank. Hsu
Tung the most fanatical and malignant
foe of all foreign interests, alike of trade,
commerce and Christianity, was not only
appointed guardian of the newly chosen
successor to the Emperor, but has been,
glorified by the singular honor of the
three-eyed peacock feather. The father
of the imperial successor, by the way, is
reputed to be one of the heads of the
Boxers themselves.
False Promises Made.
Meanwhile our nationals in Shantung
have been appealing steadily by letter and
telegram to our Minister at Peking, Mr.
Conger, for months past, as successive
waves of barbarism have been breaking
around them or fresh attacks planned
upon their premises. He has received
these appeals sympathetically and has un
questionably done his utmost to secure the
needed protection. Again and again he
has secured promises of immediate action
from the Tsungll Yamen. He telegraphs
back. "Soldiers will ba sent at once."
No soldiers are sent. Or, "Immediate, ar
rest of ringleaders promised." No ring
leaders are arrested. He is being thwart
ed and openly mocked in each fresh nego
tiation. Excellent instructions are no
doubt sent out, but it was long ago evi
dent that their effect is being neutralized
by secret Instructions of an opposite tenor
or by the tacitly understood desire of the
Government that nothing effective be
done. Even the newly appointed Gover
nor, General Yuan Shlh Kai, with his for
eign armed troops in numbers sufficient.
If he so desired, to suppress the disorders
within a week, had up to the latest re
ports done nothing that had offered any
serious check to the rebels. S A few friend
less and insignificant peasants are seized
and beheaded here and there, but the ef
fect of such Is lost In the open and gen
eral sympathy shown with the real lead
ers.
Tens of thousands of armed men are
openly drilling day by day. with the
avowed and explicit purpose of exter
minating all the Americans and Europeans
in the empire. The local officials every
where, with this going on before their
eyes, compel the head men of the village
to sign declarations that no Boxers are in
their district, and these declarations are
forwarded to Peking for foreign consump
tion.
Americans Unprotected.
Disorders such as these cannot be suf
fered to run unhindered in China without
the gravest possibilities of widespread
chaos. There was a time '¦ last autumn
when the flame could have been stamped
out easily. To-day it is a conflagration
that will need the strongest measures to
extinguish. And unless pressure of the
most determined sort is brought to bear
at Peking, and this speedily, every inter
est of trade and commerce will soon be
imperiled. The Single American gunboat
at Taku or Chefoo will be five days' hard
journey from. the seat of the trouble, and
so far as any Immediate protection for
American citizens is concerned might- as
well be Hollo. It Is, however, a step In
the right direction. As for Germany's
power, to protect, her sphere of influence
Is farther from the present storm center
than is San Diego from Montreal, time
and difficulty of transit being considered.
The fact Is that, under the present
regime of reactionary Ignorance, China
has practically abdicated her governing
function in certain provinces, and unless
speedy reform ensues the only salvation
for her and for the Chinese themselves
will be In the very "partition" that Amer
ica deplores.
THE EMPORIUM-
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE __7O_T™fi_
CHINESE PLAN
TO MURDER ALL
FOREIGNERS
Government Is Secretly Aid
ing the Riotous
"Boxers."
WILL STRIKE IN THE SPRING
Henry Kingman, Recently Arrived
From the Orient, Tells of a Plot
for the Slaughter of
Whites.
Sx>«cial Diss—ch to Th* Call.
SAN DIEGO. March 24.— The Union of
this morning prints ac an interview with
Henry Klngman, the well-known English
newsp&per writer of the Orient, informa
tion regarding the eitua-tion in Northern
China which in part explains some of the
press dispatches which have recently been
¦cat out. Mr. Kingman says that there
Is a deplorable lack of Information in this
country of the conditions of the foreign
residents of some of the provinces of Chi
na and that that lack of information ex
tends even to official circles, though the
reports of the American Consuls in China
are beginning to be believed.
Mr. Kinnnan has lived in China for
many years and therefore knows of what
he speaks. In part of the interview he
cays that when the spring takes the pla.ee
of winter in those provinces there will
be atrocities that will startle the entire
country. The Chinese authorities are be
hind the rioters and their atrocities are
rewarded instead of punished. He says
that American lives and American inter
ests and the whole "open door" policy are
endangered and that unless something is
done to stem the tide every foreigner will
be swept oS the earth in that part of
China.
Lawlessness Unchecked.
Pille-ge and arson and murder have gone
en unchecked for months among the ad
herents of the Christian church, while the
Pekinr Government has been directly re
sponsible for this reign of terror and has
thwarted all the- efforts of the foreign
Ministers to brinp it to an end. A month
Q:o the leading English Journal In the Far
Bait declared editorially that unless strong
and united efforts were put forth by the
great powers it was morally certain that
the opening spring would witness a rising
such ac foreigners in China had never
seen before; that the whole country from
the Yellow Paver to the great wall and
beyond would be a blaze of insurrection
that would not only annihilate every for
eign Interest of every sort in the Interior,
but would drive every foreigner out of
Peking and Tientsin.
Since that time the situation ha» dis
tinctly grown worse. By its acts of this
last week the Chinese Government has
definitely defied the powers and declared
its policy of rewarding the high officials
who are responsible for the existence of
these armies of banditti.
Secret Societies Formed.
The situation began to be acute last
cummer. Large bodies of men In Shantung
and Chihli formed themselves Into a «ecret
Rocietj'. having as its motto the legend
"Protect the dynasty.exterminate the for
eigner." They are variously called the
*M3reat Sword Society" and the "Fist of
Public Harmony" — or. more commonly,
from this last title, "The Boxers." Their
avowed aim Is' to Sweep the foreigners
Into the Yellow Sea. as General Tung Fu
Hsiang begged to be allowed to do eight
een months ago. As the only foreigners
accessible to the Interior were the mis
sionaries, they have begun with them and
with the Christian converts among the
Deonle. It Is frcm this mere accident of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 25, 1900.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
Baokashe.
So many -women suffer from it. It
mars alike their hours of work and
pleasure. Backache is generally a
6ymptom of derangement of the deli-
cate womanly organs. It is useless
—^ Km MBB _— — therefore to.
_y '81. a P Pl 7P 1 7 plasters
iv - tt ana similar local
treatments. A
\^ *"«^^feS*c« cure cari on
A / c cause °^ t^ ie
\ ache is removed.
-ilv t 2 The use of Dr.
r ierce ' s F av ° r -
I 1 N^B te Prtscrip^ 011
¦ ¦ ™^ cnre c
| /^^"^W adebilitating
'^ I » v vfefe^_ fdrai 113 , — c i n "
V_V'^r^'t^_?ssflaniniation, ul-
ration and
• t^^^^P<^ : 'J di *P lace me n l
83tt / 'X'W'A backadhe, & i2c-
_R\Wil Iche ' headache
WxKmSKB2BiM!!-lM and man 7 other
j \3S9p(£^g<3_* 'a aches and pains.
X-fl w Favorite Pre-
[// \ y« scription " con-
t J I \H tains no alcohol
alt I h and " a^ )So^ u * e ' v
j /j I J 8 free from opi-
; I / lum>I um> cocaine a nd
II ¦ other narcotics.
II J| It agrees with
.~k^____ - ___^ the most deli-
cate persons.
•I took your medicine six months and I feel
sow like a new person," writes Miss Ansie
Stephens, of BeUriUe. Wood Co., W. Va. « Have
so backache, no headache, no pain anywhere.
I took teven bottles of Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription, and seven bottles of his ' Golden Med-
ical Discovery.' I think there is no medicine
like Dr. Pierces. I can't speak highly enough
cf your medicine for it has done me so much
rood. I don't feel tired as I used to, nor sick. I
teel well and think there is no medicine equal
to Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription."
The Medical Adviser, iooS pages, sent
free on'receipt of stamps to pay expense
of mailing only. Send 21 one -cent
stamps for paper covers, or 31 6tamps for
doth, to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
ESTATES, LEGACIES AND UN-
CLAIMED MONEY
ENGLAND, SCOTLAND or
IRELAND.
SEARCHES BY EXPERTS-BEST LEGAL
ADVICE.
If you have a bona. fide claim to an Estate
In the Old Country, or to a fund in Chancery,
or to a. Legacy which you wish to recover,
write <flve-cont ftamp) to TUB ESTATES
REAIJZATIOX COMPANY, 7 and 8 Groat
Wlr.rhester Ft:*et. E. C. LO>'DON. ENG-
LAND. «E?t«b!ished 15?6.)
This advertisement will not appear again.
RAIIWAV'S BEABV KKLlii* has stood
unrivaled before the public fur iO years as a
IVin Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, i Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache end ail pains. Internally
tar Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All drufglsU.
Boys' Caps. - Sm^*' 1 '" 9 '
An extraordinary offer for Monday »nd ' You cannot delay now — Easter Sunday ', three weeks from to-day . Dressmakers and r oyai, w n i T\l\ M§^cTife^
.S^t^fSt^SS;' mlHnersareWem being SSaSft OW^
see these up-to-date Caps. . tktSWeek.. The Jng Store IS reO&V With FasMon'snWSt CXCIUSIVC StyieS Itl regular value ofcfc»^"^-
7'7 ' silk" <MwocfyabH^ 7 "l\!lzz:z 20g
Blue yacht caps, re^iiariy'2sc,"foV. U^eokwear, G/ov^, and the innumerable accessories to a complete Easter Toilet. M'*Z'noo7-Ro"i^dZ
•^'i^v^p-Gny^i^mbSS, 1 : Ladies 1 ' Neckwear. Special Sblo X"'* Underwear. New Linens
First Bh T in * °i * of O^^g.4^ DS nS foJ^N.la^lK' SKTSJ T ' *»- h din^ »«« *»
Urly2sc,for ..... 130 this season's novelties. Department now K3 Crtffff «|f : WTm. WM&m t * "Ke —mask cloths (finished all aiynnd) and
Hats-First Floor. " ""* in more spacious quarters in rotunda. - ' V These JJ! ? "tore" sXagent for Ypsilanti Un- perfectly matchbg napkins costs no
S»Ss: 5SfSi? llSi^ E^— "
Imported L.c LWe Hot., i« th, n.w.M h»Bd«om. silk fringe....:...... :...... bnt quality In jilt Beuty Km, be.d.4 udieV^eneTmbbei'SeDn'i'on Suit.- »hed aU «on»d, .J jirdt lo»j . „
!&JS£rS7<2£ti2. '¦.¦uSZsg'Ml&JtSgigiZ :25S* "£&&£? W^W. •» •*>«.¦¦«*»< .,-—....750 M=ssags^k
nenee, Pink, Sky »»i WWte-p.ir....... ¦»». «treamert...,»/.QQ to 3J.OQ 12 for Wo. Siceni AisU-Ufl of mtrm*. IwFleSl' DaWsk° TabTe' Clotta- %
l^llfSS^ A March Sale of Special Sale iM_=ssn=rfJg
oES-S^SS Carpets-Furniture. Men's^Fast W «sHxks«
imported Hernusdorf black and as- For the balance of this month we shall offer some extraor- BIiSG SuitSm f\ VVIX ri3fc;X"TiM7T^™V.T7^"Uf!!SS
sorted tans, double knee and sole-all dinary inducements to house-furnishers. These and many . _ *** J^T, TT i J •i. /LL^ flf \ } I 5 {a g l^l
sizes _5O other items, some of which wUr be quoted in our mid-week Just 100 Suits in this lot-we wish fHprh\LA use-60 inches wide, bleached or half
S<e O »d"jiZ"u*»f'Zl^ "ad," demand the earliest attention of those who are con- thera were more to seir at «.he V^jg TOjfV -bleached, per y ard........~.........450
Second JiisU—ltft of intranet. templatine furnishing. ¦ price— for ¦ bargains like this are j f\W Huok To WBis— Almost all pure
¦— _¦_ su_ __'4 r> „-.»-, «««.__<.^> n j v • vj. 1. «"i ' but seldom obtainable. We took / FT flax, bordered and hemmed —
The Newest Brussels Oarpete-Good, bright, cheerful patterns all that the man who sacrificed (1,,./ V s,« iixM mcha...«i^s d«.
f#M/lMHM«fif>ffMo the 550 grade, per yard 4-UO f v . t ti Men's fast blna 1 ' i A sis* ISzM inches.. .fi.7s dos.
UnaernWSUnS. Brussels OarpetS-The heavy, ; durable 80c per yard WeSuite made of twenty ounce l // lh Bl». ; a»x« i»c_...|a.io do* .
Come to the big store and see an en- grade in a good assortment of patterns, for balance of ™^™Slf ttl«i»tT Srolmd y^t" / \ 'A Turkish Towels — Unbleached,
tirely new stock of Ladies' and Chil- mon th ...........;................v....... 680 ¦ SSJad sack sUU^ vestTeS V^ // / close weave, in four sizes-
dren's wear— everything that is good in Body Brussels— Lowell and Whitals, standard makes, S" 8 !. Smbla hw_rt"Jd They // / "-*« - ia Vi« **" - «>•
nainsook and cambric-all beautifully de- the very best qualitymade, regularly $1.40, per yard......... V??LZ 1 l^TmltX, Km // 23xtt la 15c MxM la ***
signed and perfectly made. ....1.....:..!.....1.........5/.#5 f \? ade •?? I *J **f 9 « n^ *% \V&I Glass U no it-Irish make, neat
Got " /&SS^ Axmlnstors-EtTttori and Smith's makes, hefvy pile ' . !"^ n J l i_i_{Jd as Jfcolor OZW- [ checks, red or blue. aU selvedges fast,
sot Ai Carpets, borders to match, our regular price $1.40, special S ™»M?v SMS M til* —& \ 16 inche "' 8i ° ?*** ' *° iaclle8 ' tO °
Gov- //\\ /}/„ *%*. for balance of March.......... ...... .! ... $1.13 - fit and , qua3lt^', ,1® «-"nft!!- "^ - yard ; 22 inches, yard 12\O
mZ7 /r^Mi/Tk"' I^^^ 81^ ¦ -ETirillS?.- S Tor this week *a ** (Main Floor-East Wall.
highor in length from 5 to 3o yard'," many of them with borders to anlv wfir«^PO
low neck, is.l«i _ "^^ nil/ 1 match, during balance of month, or until sold, 23 per *' «V""^ * * "** llamHmaa QliJi^a
yoke tuck- /^^.^ fH '¦' cent of f regular prices. Mom Floor-Wor T>oor. . Negiigee ShtrtSm
¦ed and 'ifffjl )J) J i t [ill I isrW\\ ; Dining Ghalr— Solid golden oak, with brace arms, regu- *f_is_r f*Mamm4e*lmmo Me n's Bilk Striped Madras Shirts, made
hem- f/l^liJ 11 pf/liiV • \^n&,*dt &&*...:..„.........:........ ..QSO IWOW UUrwaiMM&m with yoke, felled seams, one pocket,
stitched I^^^^d^ya^ Dining Table— Solid golden oak, six feet extension, Styles change in curtains as completely as in dress fabrics. turnover collar and unshrinkable col-
and edged * - l ~\^_p^^J3-* highly polished,^regularly $9.00, sale price....... .....$7.25 The curtain designers are constantly creating something new lar band, cut large and roomy, hand-
with em- * . Sideboards- SoMA golden oak, with 18x40-inch French and beautiful. This week we offer 4 lots of new style curtains. some patterns and fast colors, made by
broidery 350 plate mirror, regularly $27.50, sale price ...$22. 50 100 pairs Nottingham Curtains, 3 yards by 46 inches— per one o f the best factories in America,
Corset Covers— French cambric, Hall HatraOK— Solid golden oak, with 18x30-inch bey- pair •• :....SI.OO ttk^ ¦ $1.00
embroidery trimmed, yoke adjustable eled French plate'oral mirror, regularly $15.00, sale price... 200 ' pairs Nottingham Curtains — 1 designs, ecru or white, Tki*A Ji,i*—nn.i»i »f Pntrw
at waist 800 .!........;................:........... .......$11.78 3* yards by 54 .inches-per pair.: .". $1.30 ThtrdAtslt-^gtt of Entronct.
Ladies' Drawers — seven new Enameled Bod— With brass rod, trimmings and orna- 50 pairs Irish Point Curtain^ 8J yds. by 50 in.— pair._ss.OO *f«i_r JUs»#/s»m_
styles, in muslin or cambric, lace em- ments, a very handsoma pieoe of sanitary furniture, our 50 pairs Battenberg Curtains, very handsome — pair.. .95.00 fWCwr fVVC«WH9*
broidery and hemstitched trimming regular price $20.00, sale price........:........'...."...5yg.7g, • Main Floor-off Rotunda. Belts, UniUffSm EtCm
Musr/n''Drawors'- new \tj\°, NOW FOUiarttSm HeadUUarterS for DreSS FabricS Dr. Diemel's Linen Mesh Dress Shields....
S-a^wrfJ&Si'jfliSS. " The latest creations in Foulards, hem- OHenial GOOtIS. For Spring. . . ¥^«'}^^'s^'l^'£S£,
Muslin Skirts-?*™* new. styles stitched and Persian, effects,* came to .. 3 ,*, We h»Te been months and months gath- „ ?»,•<=•••• »-•-- -.8o to 2Oc
of fine embroidery trimmed skirts, *s by . express last, week— also some ,_#sS^s£Stew finest and larg- e ring this collection of Dress Goods Frilled Garter Elastics, colors, yard
with the new waist band, good value ! new colorings and designs in our regu- _E~l^T t X,«r -•«*• The results of our labors are ..............-..............-/Oo to 63©
for $2.25, ouTiprice $1.73 . lar, goods, 'making our Easter stock £%teJtfkJ L ?* ? f%™£' seen 'in the superiority of the assort- Brash Edge Dress Binding aU colors,
Ladies' Gowns-Sott, fine cam- complete— all thelcolormgs for spring gmj&m»tfW^ "^w?™ mentß - Every fabric that is in large yard. ...7o to 150
brie, yoke tucked and four insertions and summer, and the prettiest effects «<>• w * carry demand in Paris, London and New York Sewing Machine Needles, all makes, each
of fine embroidery— these are made ¦¦ manufactured are here, per yard, Kj--&^&&& beautifu lly em- can now be found on our counters. No •• r 2o
extra long and full-airsi2e3..^/.«5- , 800 to $1.50. , : . '/.vZI a . w trouble to select your Easter costume Ladies' Bide Hose Supporters, pin top
Empire Ribbon Corsets- Sat/n R e genoe-2\ inches wide, a ''¦ : ' f/,j£M SJ ro'ST here - button fasteners and nbbon bows,
Madeof aU-silk, double-faced ribbon,, '^w w^TtsUk, : in solid colors, t«- • ¦ 'ffiffiik, " j_ke_ _rf _l 52-inch All- Wool Serge, handwme. color- fnlled elastic, all colors, pair. _
in black, purple, blue or, pink, regular,; v qU oi B e^grays, roiv blu^ cerise; helio- \WrXV// S ofsilk ings, perfect dye. 1 per yard.....:...750 •• — ¦'""-" ""-f 00 . ~ d 2S °
price everywhere $6.50, special here at' trope etc., per yard.... „... $1.10 KiP% S \ **£*<*£ 40-in:h Biarritj, ie brown, castor, gray, PoHey Belt Ring Buckles, in a great
• .^4.05 ~*T: JJofoi Pit***- A Tew silk Wm \ V an f '^S lilao and royal blue, yard.......5f.00 • w^ of styles, medallion patterns...
Second Ftoar-Msr Elnoter. . ' *?5 -hff Sht. fa^S 4^" Sd ' <WS\ Hoiinnl a^d 56- inch Scotch Cheviot, mixtures in grays ..............................^s© to 750
- for 8 ,, .w. w " 3tB ' m tne , pas i c i l US JfiilL - Cloisonne » n d . . f t.. v jsrd.sl.23 Sllk Finish Taffeta Skirt Lining, 86-fach,
FisMng TacklOe ¦H^U.dudnw, .n*».f''** *flMb+ f^~ls£* mJ &SJ*/ "t" . and colors yard........ ./5O
c. i, Laoo Stripes, in four different silver novelties wei v nt -haff— materiaL in the new Si k and All-wool Moreens, in black and
M&'tf. ¦*{¦ ¦ -S^lpifaS .^ti^si^t^^Z: rAs^zi^" B0 °
hß^i flM> £*"**^^%£l i.ISSiSSfS; "^.SS-fK^S Money-Saving
that you will need. We V W?^ thn week, «. nci and beantifol m %~£'^™;k°d to ffi %»ie. or ..parat. .ktfeper y.ri....5».75 GrOGeHeS - UqUOrS
Bamboo Rods, brass « IN^& First \Aisle—Uft of Entrant*. per set. firrf ottsls—Ufi of Entrancs. . bufc in oBr largB baying and dfa _
*Ess^kk Ml House Furnishing and Crockery Values. S2^ !tai? '
or Fly Rod' io* feet UWmZ . Housekeepers can save money in San Francisco's larg«st house furnishing department. ISt Sod? Crfckers per'ib"'".V.V.*.".feo
nickel mounted, in fzTy .'_i_f'«'V /OU_Uy«Q_D_ ' Choice Singapore Sliced Pin«apple,2-lb
form with bag.ffsa «^f WAMjTfjff ' " 'y^_l^^ ShreSeVwtarßVs^'er'Vc'i-^
w;'ter'pVoofßraWed SilkLjne,2syds.6sc Urge size nickel Late st Novelty-Ivory Opal polished Carlsbad China Tea Set- Tab 1 c 3 ' WMslkVy'-^Wm&fm-
Enameled Casting Line, 2o yards... . plated Cuspidor..2 sc Ware Nut, Fruit! or Preserve Crystal Glass Punch 44 pieces for 12 -persons. Mats-set of 6, round y & g ,J itl^ 9U2 S
• • $1.15 and $1.23 pißiea v Dish, ; fluted , gold edge, gold .: or Claret Bowl, splen- "¦* violet decoration and gold or oval— set 50c Anaolioa- 6 years old maturld wine
Alcock's best quality of Carlisle Hooks, Full nickel-plated feet...... $I.UO did imitation of cut ' edge— complete set for..^.. •"._ : $1.00
single gut, in patent wrappers, Ito 12, Faneet Filter - fits .Salad or Berry Dish- 13*x9 glass, 11* inches ... .....»7.0U Japanned Crumb Qream Pure Rye— Full quarts...
dozen- .............:...... 15c ;*y, i2a f au cet.... inches, fluted stipple god edge high, 14 .mc h e s Coat Frames, wood or Tray and Brush, gold »-»"-. .** * *$I.IS
Double gut, in patent wrappers, Ito 8, . ........;............25c ? with violet decoration....s».OO acr055..........53.00 wire...: ..3c decoration .^sc Boro Uthia Mineral Water
r. d0zen........ .......^-.25c ""*""" v • Ziz Ziz Ziz— the great Crockery Mender .;.....:...............•¦"• ....13c , . —A spring medicine, half gallons.6oo
Spmners, Wilson or Emenc Patterns, Extension Broom and Duster Handle -fastens on ordinary broom or duster to sweap the walls. ....2Oc Zinfandel Olaret-S years, gal-
each... lOc . . - ' * _. j__T^r --¦ — -- - . ¦ -—¦¦ ¦ — > '- " lon ' 800
Al S™idh_3SS SS.TSS^S_E Premiere WHHK FMIM-I^ll IS_I I^ 8 t^TS
ard patterns, dozen ....35c ifiti _¦ _¦___¦ H BwH H VvIK _B KB H B__fll _» WS**%fa%tt Olnattn Ale— Cantrall
f'yßo p ok«. 50c ( 75c.5..2 35 ,.75 »" I I|L *¦?¦^V _J^ "^B OJ 188 Camera l
Leaders 3-foot single, 3 f0r.. .5c, 3c, 5c GIOVOSm UwmW*^ AIM ' . IW ¦ C Mnn fftf> tt Eclipse Champagne- The gen-
¦ Leaden, 3-foot double, 3 for 10c, lOc W*«#^—^ ¦ __¦_¦_*-_<»-_¦_, <gfc^.— -_ «_-»^T ¦ *UppMteSm 5n " 0 !a stock-quart, $1.10- pint..
Complete assortment of Striped 'Bath Sprlnr ity i e M d col- fUPOIcXI^BB WmMUW& KPOUKAAr* ""• Ev.rythln« needed by 6OC
l^racurs^t. ?SS "-* %T^ CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE ,".aS_r " pr °' e " i W-a. Floor--*,*.
17A Pugnacious Teamster.
George Homer, a teamster, appeared In
Judge Mogan's court yesterday on a charge
of obstructing the street, and the case was
continued. Friday afternoon W. L. Welch,
driver of the ambulance, was driving along
Ninth street with a patient for the Re
ceiving Hospital, when Homer drove hla
team directly in front of the ambulance.
When remonstrated with he offered to
fight Welch and refused to remove his
team. He followed Welch to the ambu
lance stables on Park avenue and offered
again to fight him. Welch declined and
called in a policeman, who " arrested " the
pugnacious teamster.
Smuggled Goods on the Grant.
Six large packing cases containing val
uable bronzes and other curios from
Japan and China were seized yesterday
by customs Inspectors from among the
commissary stores that were being un
loaded from the Government transport
Grant. The packing cases were addressed
to Captain Buford of the Grant. As they
did not appear on the ship's manifest and
as the officers of the vessel had not notl
fleed the customs inspector in charge that
these dutiable articles were on board
Customs Surveyor Spear ordered the cases
and contents confiscated as smuggled
goods and taken to the Appraiser's store.
PROTESTS AGAINST
SOUTHERN PACIFIC'S
ADVANCE OF RATES
Los Angeles Express.
Th,e Southern j Pacific Company yester
day advanced the passenger rates between
L.os Angeles and San Francisco, first class,
from $13 to $15. •This action of the railroad
company came in the nature of a com
filete surprise," no previous intimation hav
ng been given, and the first the public
knew of it was when Intending purchasers
applied for tickets at the office they wero
informed that the new rate was in effect.
This Increase in the rate is an outrage
upon the traveling public," by which be
tween $400 and $500 a day is taken from the
people to further enrich a . corporation
which has grown fabulously, wealthy and
made millions for, its principal owners by
the bounty of the commonwealth.
1 No reason for this advance is given. Ths
railroad company simply holds up ihe
traveler and adds $2 more for a service
that is already liberally paid for.
Fresno Republican.
If the target shooterß do not come to
Fresno it will be the first of the series of
negative profits which the Southern Pa
cific will earn by its niggardly policy of
Increasing rates. The reduced fare was a
direct stimulus to traffic and a money
maker for the railroad; the increased fard
is a discouragement to traffic and will be
a money loser.
Nobody claims that the new fare Is ex
tortlonately exorbitant. It Is no more than
Is charged on most railroads, and Is rea
sonable Indeed In comparison with the pre
posterous freight rates we have to pay.
But It Is the established policy of this
State, embodied in its constitution, and is
a sound principle of good morals and good
business, that a railroad rate once put
down to meet, competition • shall stay
down. The fact that there is a way of
evading the law by subterfuge in this case
does, not alter the substantial fact that
the action is against public policy and con
trary to the plain Intent of the law.
Merced Sun.
The raising: of rates by the Southern Pa
cific Company of fares between San Joa
quln Valley towns and San Francisco has
brought forth a storm of protest from the
people of the Interior, and a vigorous kick
is being made all up and down the line.
The increase In rates affects all the towns
south of Lathrop, and none of them seem
to like It. The newspapers are calling at
tention to the law, which says. that when
railroad fares are put down to meet com
petition they cannot be raised again with
out the consent of the Railroad Commis
sion. •-.•;<.-:..;.: .. " ;>-'.¦-.¦>.';
Madera Mercury.
The action of the Southern Pacific Rail
road in returning. to the old; rate of fare
between San Francisco and points In the
San Joaquln Valley will not be received by
the people with unalloyed pleasure. They
will feel more Inclined to howl, but ao far
as any good coming from it they may Just
as well save their strength, for the South
ern Pacific does not care much for the ob
jections of the railroad-ridden public.
There Is a lesson In this experience which
it would be well to profit by. It is to put
no faith In railroads: give them nothing
that they will not pay for, and pay well,
too. 'They have no sentiment In dealing
with the people, and the people should
have none In dealing with them.
If local burglars continue to progress much further
in daring it might be wise for the authorities to pro
vide watchmen for the police 'stations. The raid on
the California-street bank was dangerously close to
headquarters.
MR. REID'S ADDRESS.
PERHAPS there is no better illustration of the
confusion of ideas in the public mind as to the
new and dangerous issues raised by the Span
ish war than may be found in Mr. Whitelaw Reid's
charter day address at the State University. Mr.
Reid stands upon a public eminence. He has long
been editor of a leading American newspaper, has
been Minister to France, his party's candidate for the
Vice Presidency, and was a Commissioner to nego
tiate the treaty of Paris, which closed the ' Spanish
war and projected- its results into these days and far
into the future. His opportunity to get an unem
barrassed view of what the masses of the people see
fitfully has been exceptionally good, and yet his ad
dress has no clarifying effect whatever.
It was able in its structure, crisp and antithetical in
form, but vague and unsatisfactory in conclusion.
After all, it added only one more to the uncertain
sounds that are rising from all parts of the republic.
It cannot well be called a discussion of issues between
the two great political parties, for the subject under
discussion does not divide parties. Its cleavage runs
through the people regardless of party. Let cither
party attempt a dogmatic declaration upon the status
of our external dependencies, and it becomes at once
a house divided against itself. This shows that the
issue is fundamental and not partisan.
Mr. Reid declared that he would go no farther than
Jefferson and Lincoln. It is the fashion to plant
every novelty in policy in the authority of Jefferson
and Lincoln. Colonel Bryan has done this with each
monster that he has brought forth and baptized
"Democracy." Mr. Reid follows the same course.
Now Jefferson admitted that we might possess Cuba
and incorporate her into our system, because no en
largement of the navy would be required for her de
fense, and he said let that principle be the limit of
our expansion; add nothing that requires more navy
to defend. The annexation of Hawaii and conquest
of the Philippines are direct violations of the plainly
stated principles of Jefferson.
Mr. Reid's position is no more Lincolnian than it is
Jeffersonian. Discussing the future status of thesi
tropical islands, he scouted the idea of giving their
people political equality or admitting them as States.
As for Porto, Rico, he said: "Give her the best sys
tem for her situation and wants, because it is best for
her, and therefore our duty, not because it is under
the constitution of the United States her right." That
means that we are to judge what is best for Porto
Rico, and she is not to judge. That is autocratic
government in all of its essence, spirit and effect.
Again, he said: "But it is said that Porto Rico de
serves admission (as a State) because we are bound
by the volunteered assurance of General Miles that
they should have the rights of American citizens,
though there is no evidence that he meant more than
such rights as American citizens everywhere enjoy,
the civil rights which the genius of our government
secures to all who are capable of exercising them. If
he meant more, did that entitle him to anticipate his
chief and override in casual military proclamation
the supreme law of the land whose commission he
bore? Behind Porto Rico is Cuba, behind Cuba all
the other West India islands, and abreast of them the
Philippines. Regard. I beg of you, in the calm, white
light that befits these cloistered retreats of sober
thought, the degradation of the republic thus coolly
contemplated by the men who assure us we have no
possessions whose people are not entitled under our
constitution to citizenship and ultimately to state
hood!"
We beg to refer this part of the address to Regent
Barnes of the university, who has recently received
the wild approbation of the Union League Club of
Chicago by declaring that he knows of "no race of
people that is incapable of American citizenship."
But Mr. Reid continued: "The republican institu
tions in which we have been trained constitute a sys
tem only likely to endure among a people of high vir
tue and high intelligence. Such are its complications
and checks and balances, and interdependencies which
tax the intelligence, the patience and the virtue of the
highest Caucasian development, that it is obviously
a system absolutely unworkable by a group of tropi
cal and oriental races, more or less hostile to each
other."
Now, what does this all mean? Obviously that our
civil institutions are racial, and can be maintained
only where our race can exist and perpetuate itself.
It cannot exist in the tropics, therefore our institu
tions cannot exist there. The races found there by
nature will cause "the degradation of the republic" if
given a voice in its government! Verily an' anti
expansionist can rest his case on this expansion ar
gument. It is an avowal that these tropical and
oriental races can never assimilate and work our civil
system. Therefore we are always to . hold them in
dependence and subjection, without their consent
Yet Mr. Reid professes, to stand with Lincoln, who
said: "No man was ever good enough to govern
another man without that other man's consent." Still
we suppose that both Mr. Reid and Colonel Bryan,
having said that they stand with Jefferson and Lin
coln, will to the far end stand by their mumpsimus.
having paid it so often.
Personally Conducted Excursions
'¦- In : Improved wlde-vestlbuled ; Pullman ' tourist
Bleeping cars via Banta F« route. Experienced
excursion ' conductors . accompany * these '¦ excur-
sions to ; look ; after the , welfare , of , passengers.
To - Chicago : , and ' Kansas City ¦ every ' Sunday,
Wednesday , and ; Friday.':;; To : Boston, ,' Montreal
and ,Toronto every Wednesday. £. To ; St.", Louis
•very . Sunday. To ' St. Paul ! every Sunday and
yridwr. TU*t4. attic*. 128 Market itrett, -
| Important jtayncement. j
{ GREAT SALE |
• OF • O
iLaflies'KilGloves!!
| COMMENCING TO-MORROW, MONDAY, •
| PAIRS |
• Will be placed on sale at the following' extraordinarily •
• •* low prices for 9
I FIRST-GLASS "GOODS. |
{ 1000 pairs LADIES' 2-CLASP KID GLOVES, in all shades and sizes- 2
0- extra value for. $1.25; will be placed on sale at 75c pair. ' Z
• 1000 pairs LADIES' 2-CLASP KID GLOVES, pique stitching, in all S
5 shades and sizes; extra value for $1.25; will be placed on sale at 75c S
5 500 pairs LADIES' 2-CLASP KI D GLOVES, pique stitching, in all 2
j* shades and sizes; extra value for $1.50; will.be placed on sale at a
J $1.15 pair. - q
; • - — ' ; '--"-" . - ' ¦.. 0
2 Soo pairs LADIES' 2-CLASP GLACE KID GLOVES, in all shades 2
£ and sizes; extra value for $1.50; will be placed on sale at $1.15 pair. 2
• 500 pairs LADIES' 2-CLASP MOCHA GLOVES; extra value for •
• $1.50; will be placed on sale at $1.15 pair. •
2 The above goods are guaranteed for fit, style and wear. •
I tailor-madeluits. I
2 soo will be offered at a reduction of 30 PER CENT to make room for *
Z our enormous new stock, which will arrive in a few days. *
• Soo NEW AND STYLISH -SILK WAISTS (just .received) will be 8
? placed^on sale at very low prices for fine goods. •
I 1146 MARKET STREET. I
2 . Bet. Mason and Taylor. •
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••* ##### £
Through State , aid there have been
built In -New. Jersey about >¦ 430 miles of
hard roads." : Counties, • boroughs, town-
ships and other municipalities have con-
structed as many more.
As the only conspicuous result of the experiment of
making a Christian daily out of the Topeka Capital
[has been to divide the stockholders into two camps
and set them to fighting one another, it would appear
there was something wrong in the way the scheme
was operated, or in the character of the , men who
worked it.
The edict has gone forth from Washington that in
California sheep must be kept off the forest reserves.
The national authorities have neglected to observe,
however, that it is still possible to make bands of
sheep migrate from one county, to another.
New finishes In oak moldings for picture
frames,' and new pictures in water colors,
platlnotypes,? photographs and . etchings.
Visitors always : welcome. SanbOfn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Special Information "supplied .dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont,
gomery street. -Telephone Main 1042. '
Cal. glace fruit 60c' per. n> atTownsenJ's.'
Marcuse & Remmel Insolvency.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday dropped from the calendar the
order of the Puget Sound Lumber Com-
pany and others to show cause why they
should not be restrained from selling cer-
tain property • of . the Insolvent estate of
Marcuse & , Remmel. ¦
A STATISTICAL ABSTRACT.
rROM the statistical abstract just issued from
the Bureau of Statistics for the fiscal year end
ing June 30, 1889. it appears the year was in
several respects a record-breaker, the figures repre
senting results in various departments of nationa^
activity being the largest in our history.
The estimates of the bureau are that we had at the
close of the fiscal year a population of 76,011,000, and
on January 'I of this year 77,1 16,000. The census of
the year will test the accuracy of these estimates, but
it is hardly likely they will be found erroneous to
any considerable extent. We are increasing rapidly,
and it will not be many years before we can talk of
ourselves as a nation of 100,000,000, not counting the
inhabitants of the outlying colonies.
1 One of the points in which the year broke the rec
ord was that of governmental expenditures. It cost
us that year $700,093,564 to defray the expenses of the
National Government. To meet the expenditure we
had an income of $610,982,004. So there was a de
ficit of $88,1 11,560.That1 1, 560. That unsatisfactory condition of
affairs was largely due to the war.' Ordinarily of lafe
years the expenses of the War Department have been
about $50,000,000 annually, but in the year ending on
the 30th. of last June the expenditures of the depart
ment amounted to $232,395,365. The Navy. Depart
ment, cost $64,354,735/ or about double the usual
amount.
An interesting feature of the treasury statistics is
the showing that \ the receipts from internal revenue
taxes exceeded those from "customs duties— the baa
President Wheeler of the University of California
is rapidly acquiring a knowledge of our institutions
and of the methods of those that rule us. He asked
the Southern Pacific Company for a student train
to Berkeley, and was told that the request would be
granted at some other time.
Because the drama of "Sapho" as presented in New
York has been condemned as indecent, , some wild
reformers have jumped to the conclusion the book is
equally bad, and now a member of Congress has
moved to have it excluded from the mails. As. the
book has been circulating in this country for
fifteen years or more, and has been universally*re
garded as one of the masterpieces of modern French
fiction, it would seem to be a little bit too late to have
a spasm over it now.
'The New York experts who declare it is safer for
the general public to bet on a roulette or a faro game
than on most of the racetrack events of . the time
evidently speak from experience.' The track gam
blers-do not carry their operations on for. pleasure
nor for the improvement of horses* but for the coin
that is in it, and they, give the public very slight
chances of winning anything worth having.
Three murderers of' this city have been released on
a "technicality." to ply again their terrible /. trade:
The practice of release is becoming common enough
to suggest that some. communities have a habit of in
viting dangerous characters to go elsewhere when the
courts are powerless.
The' more the country considers the problem of the
Porto Rican tariff thestronger becomes the conclu
sion that protection and imperialism cannot be made
to work together without a good deal of friction and
more or less kicking. ._. :. \'' ,
Astoria has ¦ offered a - bounty of five cents apiece
on rats. The employes of the Board of Health might
make i themselves valuable as well -as : ornamental ' by
carrying rat-traps with them . in their Chinatown! raid. ;
/After being a . city for twenty : seven years without
a city officer, fPlacerville wants to 'elect some officials:
It is an extremely thing to 'teach people that
it islalwiays wise to leave wc^ei^gh^lon*' : ' i A
THE YELLOW PLAGUE.
THE various commercial bodies, of this city are
rr.oving none too soon to defend San Francisco
against the far-reaching harm that has been
done by the Board of Health and the Hearst twins,
the Examiner and Journal. It will be remembered
that The Call and Chronicle agreed to omit publica
tion of the sensational doings of the Board of Health
and the Chief oi Police, which occurred between
midnight and morning on the Bth inst., but the Ex
aminer not only refused to join this proper policy,
but wired the lying report to the New York Journal,
and thence spread it broadcast As if this were not
enough, Hearst's New York paper put in the time un
til the iSih inst- in preparing for a "plague edition,"
which it issued with two broad pages covered with
penny dreadful text and execrable pictures, intended
to horrify the reader and inflict the most possible
harm upon San Francisco. In circus poster letters
these two pages are headed: "The Black Plague
Creeps Into San Francisco." Then follow pictures.
One, "Where Wong Chut King Died of the Plague
in San Francisco." is a scene in a non-existing alley,
with a let of milkcans standing on the sidewalk, and
carrying the impression that the scene of King's
death is the source of the city's milk supply. Another
tawdry picture is the "Police Quarantine Cordon in
San Francisco's Chir.atown," representing a file of po
licemen using their clubs upon a surging mass of white
people who are crowding the ropes. There are also
six productions of horrible European pictures of the
plague as Death escorting all sorts and conditions of
men and women to the grave, all set in pious quota
tions from the Bible and other sources setting forth
the horrors of the plague. Under the subhead, "The
Historic Curse of Bible Times and the Middle Ages,*'
the fine writer of this production begins a long ar
ticle with this: "The bubonic plague, which now
threatens America, is the worst scourge humanity has
ever known. It is the plague which has afflicted the
world since the dawn of recorded history. Never be
fore has the black death succeeded in reaching the
shores of the New World, and its foothold in South
America this year and now on our Pacific Coast has
roused the united efforts of the United States hospital
service and the local quarantine officials." Then fol
lows a lot of ghastly stuff, cribbed from De Foe and
Richardson. Around the margin are interviews from
nearly thirty cities, with Mayors and other officers,
answering the Journal's question of what they will
do to protect themselves against San Francisco.
Boston says, "Now that the plague is in San Fran
cisco we shall be more alert than ever"; Fall River.
"All shipping from the Pacific Coast will be quaran
tined." Seattle :s: s not alarmed by "the appearance of
the dread bubonic plague in San Francisco," and
uses it to advertise the superior cleanness and advan
tages of that port. Washington proposes to put of
ficers at the California line to inspect all out-going
passengers by rail and turn back all suspects. And
so it goes through the round robin secured by Mr.
Hearst's yellow twin. They all assume that the plague
is here, and by thousands the vile pictures are sup
posed to represent its ravages in San Francisco.
We know of nothing that would inflict more dam
age upon California. The scare will injure the East
ern consumption of our fruit throughout the season,
and in every possible way that our interests can be
touched by Hearst's sensational lying they will be in-
LIPTON'S NEW CHALLENGE.
P^EPORTS that Sir Thomas Lipton proposes to
I—/ make another effort to carry off the America's
cup, and will ask the privilege of bringing two
yachts across the Atlantic to be tested in American
waters, so that he may make the contest with the win
ner of the two, have been favorably received by the
New York press, and it is probable the request will
be granted.
The rules governing the contests declare: "The
challenged club shall not be required to name its
representative vessel until a time agreed upon for the
start." But from the challenger, the deed requires a
ten months' notice in writing, and it adds: "Accom
panying the ten months' notice of challenge there
must be sent the name of the owner and a certificate
of the name, rig and following dimensions of the
challenging vessel, namely, length on load waterline,
beam at the load waterline, and the extreme beam and
draught of water, which dimensions shall not be ex
ceeded, and a custom-house registry of "the vessel
must be sent as soon as possible."
Under these rules the challenged club has consid
erable advantage over the challenger. For example,
in the last race, if in the trials the Britannia ha-d beater*
the Shamrock, Lipton would nevertheless have been
compelled to make the race for the cvp t with the
yacht he had challenged with ten months before,
while the Americans could, have defended the cup
with any yacht that might have proven speedier than
the Columbia. We have now beaten the British so
often, and Lipton has proven himself to be so thoi
ough a sportsman, there is an inclination in New
York to yield the advantage in our favor and let him
bring over two yachts for trial in New York waters
and make the race with the winner.
The request of the challenger has, in fact, been
treated with the best nature possible. The New York
Sun, for. example, says pleasantly: "Two visiting
yachts would make the popular amusement of book
keeping on their; expenses a positive delight. The
bills for two yachts and two crews and two tenders
were paid in behalf of America last year, the De
fender and Columbia having been fitted and tried in
their own waters; but the cost of sending a couple of
contestants across the ocean would be vastly more
staggering. But it would unquestionably increase
the chances of success, and of that we believe our
true-blue sporting friend, Sir Thomas, is more cove
tous than he is of — say half a million" pounds sterling."
The manner in which the request has been received
js a high compliment to Lipton. It is an evidence
that he has completely won the favor of the American
people, and that they are willing to give him every
thing he asks for in the name of fair play. It remains
to be seen whether" the New York Yacht Club has
authority to alter the rules without forfeiting the right
to the cup, but we may be sure there will be nothing
of an unsportsmanlike spirit that will move them in
deciding the point. ;¦¦./-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 25, 1900.
yielding $273,437,162, while the other, which in the
past has been, the most fruitful source of our rev
enue,.yielded but $206,128,482. ; : ¦ ...
It has happened several times before. that internal
revenue taxes have exceeded the income from cus
toms, but on former occasions that result was due to
exceptional circumstances, which soon passed : away.
Now, however, the protective tariff has built -up a
manufacturing industry that well nigh- furnishes all
the manufactured goods required by bur population,
so that in the nature of things our imports will. not
be large enough in future to furnish the bulk of rev
enue required by the National Government. It .ia
probable, therefore that internal taxes will continue
for a long time to come. to hold their present pre
eminence over customs as a source of national in
come.
The monetary statistics are gratifying. At the close
of the fiscal year the amount of money in the United
States was $2,745,350,508, and of that amount there
was in circulation — that is to say, there was outside
the United States treasury— sl,oo4.o7l,BBl, "' We ex
ported domestic merchandise valued at $1,203,931,222,
and imported goods to the value of $697,148,489, leav
ing in our favor a balance of trade amounting to
$529,874,813. Of that sum, however, we had to -pay
back. to foreigners a' large portion in payment for
ocean freights, and it is therefore by no means pleas
ing to note that during the year our shipping in
creased only 2.41 per cent, and that of our total ex
ports less than 9 per cent was carried in our own
ships.
Some of the per capita figures are interesting. The
expenses of the Government cost us $9.21 each. We
paid in taxes' 'an average of $8.04 each. The public
debt at the* close ¦of the year was $15.29 per capita.
The circulation of money was $25 per capita, and
that sum had never been exceeded, though the esti
mates are that on January 1 the amount had been
raised to $25.98 per capita.
THE CALIFORNIA FARMER : "I'll Fix That Thar Pesky
Silver Bug When He Lands."
SUNDAY MARCH 25, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
rriILICATIOX OFPICB.. Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Main 1808.
CDITORIAI. nOOMS. SIT to 221 SteTe»»o» St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered by Carrier!, IS Centi Per Week.
SlnKle Copies. 5 Cent*.
Term* by Mall. Inclndinff Poiiacet
X>AILT CAUL, (including: Sunday), oo* year •. 88.00
DA.ILT CAli. (Including Sunday). 6 mouths 8.00
DAIL.T CAJ.L (including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILT CAIJv— By Single Month 65<J
SUNDAY CALL One Tear 1.50
WEEKLT CALL One Year 1-00
All poatmaatern are authorised to recelre
¦ ah script lons.
Easple copies will be forwarded when reQueated.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broidwar
• C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
NEW TORE CORRESPONDENT:
CC. CARLTON I Herald Squara
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
FERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebennan House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
TT-zxMrat House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaoo. 31 Union Pquaxos
Murray Hill HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent
BRANCH OFFICES— I? 7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 639
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 013 Larkln. open until
• :S0 o'clock. 11H1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 0 o'clock. 1099
Valencia, open until t o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until
9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
cpen u&UI 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Calif err. ia—"Pu3J'nhead Wilson."
Caiiromia— l'aaerewrki. Monday, March 26.
Tivcli— "The Idol's Kye."
Oolutr.bla— ' - Mr. Smooth," to-morrow night.
A'.caiur— " 'Dli'loiiiac} . '
Ori-bcura— Vaudeville.
Grar.a Opr-a-hcmse — "The Grand Duchess."
Chute*. i<x> ana Tfceatt»r — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•vealac.
Fischer's New Concert House — "U Trovatore."
Olj-ni:;:a, c.rncr cT Ma?on ar.t Eddy streets. Specialties.
GolJeii Gate ll*!!— Lecture Tuesday evening.
Udioo Couteins Park — Courslne io-day.
Ing'Olde Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
«. t>.l;.:: 1 Kaceirack— Races to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
By VC. G. L a vngr— Monday, March 28, at 10:30 o'clock,
ll' :s. s at Til Howard street-
Dy Eastun. KUri'if c & Co.— Tuesday, . March Tl. at 12
o'clock. RoaJ Kstate, at CZs Market street.
t
18FOR GRAND TRUSTEE.
A Well-Known Member of Watson
ville Parlor, N. S. Q. W., Seek
ing High Honors.'
One of the prominent offices in the order
of Native Sons of the Golden West !s that
of grand trustee, for it is one from witch
those who faithfully perform the duties
Imposed rise to higher honors within the
gift of the Grand Parlor through its dele
gates and many a conscientious grand
trustee having had the good of the order
at heart and desiring to see its useful
ness extended has risen through the vari
ous chairs to the high and much coveted
position of grand president. Among those
who will be candidates for that exalted
office at the session of the Grand Parlor
to be held in Oroville during the week
commencing on the 22d of ¦ next month
will be -a member of the Watsonville
Parlor, a well known and energetic
worker for the principles of the Native
Sons and a great favorite with his parlor '
which will In a few days urge Its claims
for a grand office and particularly those
of its member, George G. Radcliff , who
in a business way, is connected with the
Pajaronian, • published at Watsonville •
Mr. Radcliff has served his parlor weli
in various offices, has been a member of
the State Legislature and was a credit
to his constituents and the State. Should
he be selected for the position he covet 3
the order will have a native son in the
board of grand trustees of whom they
will feel proud. .¦:* .; ¦
D. NIETHAMMER.
THE remains of D. Niethammer. who
committed suicide a week ago Fri
day by drowning, were recovered
from r the bay yesterday. After be
ing taken to the Morgue the body was
Identified by friends of the deceased.
Niethammer was the proprietor of a
sausage factory at 340 Fourth street. He
was despondent over domestic troubles
and business difficulties, and Friday night
of last week he told his friend Henry
Wehner, 253 Third street, that he Intended
to kill himself. His 16-year-old daughter
and his divorced wife are living at Minna
and Fourth streets. i
INTERESTED IN
CURTAINS, QUILTS, RUGS,
CLOAKS OR HOSIERY?
Then you'll surely be interested in the five
specials we have on sale this week.
"? _, _^__ _. :—: — ; — f Our new stock of CURTAINS, Just opened, Is most complete. The first lot
SPECIAI Nn 1 Is a well made curtain, 3 yards long. 40 Inches ¦wide, at ....75c a pair
ii * vlrtli ITU. 1. . , The Eecond lot consists of about 250 pairs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, In
• i« •- »..».— ...« cc" l B^3 white, 3V» yards long, 48, 64 and 60 Inches wide, new designs all over-
I APE PIIQTAIfeI? locked stitched, from .....*! to J2 50 a pair
LnVIL UUn InlllUi In addition to the above we are showing a large assortment of IRISH
1 POINT RENAISSANCE and SWISS CURTAINS, from 55 to $25 a pair
•?— — f . ALSO,
KiOO Earn pie ends In NOTTINGHAM. SWISS, ANTIQUE and BATTENBERG CURTAINS, from 1 to V& yards each, bo
pretty Tor vestibules, cozy corners and many other uses these ends are good for. Come and look through them; you will
»urely find something to suit your taste, and at prices so low. From 20c to $1 each
- ~ 7Z ?" One case CROCHET QUILTS. 68xS4 .„.__. ~....60c each
OHtCIAL I\O. "• One case CROCHET QUILTS, 81x90 ~ .^-~~... .90c each
One case CROCHET QUILTS. Bx9o ~ .$126 each
MAQ?CII I CQ mill TC One ca£e HEAVT SATIN FINISHED QUILTS, very pretty, Marseilles
IJiMIOLILLCO UUIL lOi patterns, hemmed ready for use, good value for $4 60, will be offered special
.. 2 at $3 60 each
«• £
gP|=Q|AljyQ O 60 best quality SMYRNA RUGS. 30x». beautiful designs, regular $3 Qual-
ity, at ....$3 each
Rlin^ 100 NUBIA RUGS, new designs, some fringed, others bound, size 27x54, at
lIUUUI the special price of — —....~. 41 » each
.4 f
? f We reaffirm the statement that we are POSITIVELY giving the best ral-
Nn 4- "«« " be found In JACKETS. SUITS. CAPES, SEPARATE SKIRTS,
< "^ I -' %|/Irt1 -* *^"» WAISTS and WRAPPERS. Read the annexed price list and be convinced.
_ . .,_ LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS. In black and light brown, double-
Pi M Alr v breasted fronts, repular $5 quality, on special sale at $2 B0 eaoh
ULUAIxOi LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, In black, navy and tan, fly or
double-breasted fronts, regular $7 50 quality, at.... $3 60 each
¦? ?¦ LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, lined throughout
nth eatln, regular $10 quality, at «... ....$5 each
150 LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, In black and navy Berge'and cheviot, regular $5 quality ~ $2 60 each
75 LADIES' BLACK SATEEN UNDERSKIRTS, regular price $1 25, at .750 each
150 LADIES' WASH UNDERSKIRTS, linen effects, worth $1 25, at M 75c each
2uO LADIES' CALICO WRAPPERS, waists lined, at.. -....$1 each
-* ¦? 10 CENTS PER PAIR-CHILDREN'S HEAVY SINGLE-RIBBED
CDpCIAI No Fi ECHOOL HOSE (Hercules brand), double knees, heels and toes, fast black, all
<yirl~\*lfS.Li n«J« CJ. sizes, 6to 9>i. a big value at 10c a pair.
..~ M ._~«, 19 CENTS PER PAIR-BOYS' EXTRA HEAVY THREE-THREAD CA-
UnQII-QY BLE-RIBBED HOSE. This stocking- Is made from the best quality combed
nUulLn I ¦ maco yarn, is extra elastic and durable, has Improved shaped ankles and Is
»i : guaranteed fast Clack, sizes t; to »&. Regular value 25c a pair; our special
•?— — ?¦ price 19c a pair, or 3 pairs for 50c.
911 and 913 Market Street. '
CAPTAINS WERE
EXAMINED AS TO
THEIR FITNESS
Ten Passed, but One Officer
Will Again Face, the;
Ordeal.
Wholesale Discharges From the First
Infantry to Clear the Bolls.
Marine Band for the
Marion, i
During the past week the captains elect
ed in the First Regiment of Infantry. N.
G. C.| underwent a rigid examination be
fore the board of the Second Brigade to
determine their fitness. Ten of the eleven
who were examined will probably pass,
and one was notified to return for further
examination. The examination of the
other captain and the lieutenants will
commence this week. ' •
But little Is being said .at this time about
the election of the field officers for the
First Infantry, as all are waiting for the
decision of the examining board as to the
qualifications of the line officers. When
it shall be known who have passed there
will be an order for an . election of field
officers. Captain Thomas O' Neil is said
to still lead in the race for the colonelcy.
Major Paul Karbo*. who was engineer
officer on the start of the Third Brigade,
has been elected captain of the new com
pany at liaiif ord, known as Company I
of the Sixth Infantry. -
The inspection board of the Second
Brigade will be in this city to-morrow,
and It will first inspect the property at
the division headquarters and that or the
staff officers. After that it will Inspect
the property of the other organizations
located In this city.
A band bf » been secured for the Marion,
and to-day it will make Its debut on
board the vessel. The old warship, which
is in the stream, will be open to visitors
In the afternoon, and the launch will leave
the boat stops every hour to convey vis
itors to her. '
General order No. 2. issued from the
headquarters of the First Infantry Regi
ment, shows that there has been a clear
ing up of the rolls. There have been hon
orably discharged from 'the regiment 117
non-commissioned officers and men who
belonged to the regiment at the outbreak
of the Spanish-American war and did not
volunteer therein and whose terms of en
listment had not expired and who did not
report back on or before the 30th of last
November; 136 whose term of service ex
pired, but who did not re-enter the regi
ment, and 840 who served.* in the Spanish-
American war, but did not report back on
or before November 30, 1899. In addition
there have been discharged ten on ac
count of removal, two at expiration of
term of service and one on account of ex
emption. One member has died. .
At their own request the following non
commissioned officers of Company M have
been reduced to the ranks: Quartermas
ter Sergeant Paul H. Sonntag and Ser-
f earns John W. Cobby and Emil C.
troth.
Upon application, duly approved, the
following transfers are announced: Ser
geant George W. Swan, Company D, to
Company Mas private; Private Harry D.
Pohlmann, Company D to Company M.
.The following promotions are announced
In the Signal Corps of the Second Brigade:
Sergeant W. C. Pritchard to be first ser
geant, vice Seymer, promoted; Lance Ser
geant R. C. Ward to be sergeant, vice
Pritchard; Corporal H. F. Gould to be
lance sergeant, vice Ward; Private E. R.
Bacon to be corporal, vice Gould. Cor
poral W. H. Scott. Musician W. A. Scott
and Private W. J. Stock have been honor
ably discharged from the corps because
of expiration of term of service, and Pri
vates J. Grant and O. R. Stirling on ac
count of removal. ¦
Captain C. T. Poulter of the Fifth In
fantry has been ordered to preside at an
election on April 2 in the armory of Com
pany G in Alameda to choose a captain
of that company, vice M.' W. Simpson; re
signed.
The following appointments In Company
M of the Fifth Infantry at Napa have
been announced: Private C. M. Elliott to
be sergeant, vice James McDonald, de
ceased; C. M. Haines, E. N. Hartman
and G. L. Wlldberger to be corporals.
Twenty-one men nave been discharged
honorably from the Fifth Infantry for
various reasons. .¦••¦:.:.-
The several brigade commanders have
been asked as to the most suitable time
for the division encampment, and from
the replies received. It seems that the
latter part of June will best suit the con
venience of all concerned.
It is said that the First Infantry will be
ordered out on Memorial day to decorate
the graves of soldiers. A number of the
men who belonged to that organization
are at rest In the National and other cem
eteries of this city. ,
As a result of the recent election for
colonel of • the Second Regiment of In
fantry there has been published In a
Marysville paper a long list of explana
tions, being the individual statements of
Major Pirky of Willows, Captain Charles
Zwisler of Placerville, Captain Nihill of
Nevada City, Captain Fred Miller of
Grass Valley," Captain George H. Voss,
Captain Bond of Chico, Captain Curson
of Woodland, Captain Wyand of Colusa,
Lieutenants Phil Divver, Warnick . Wal
dron, J. White, Rawson, Meyerson and
Walling, to the effect that they knew that
Colonel E. A. Forbes was a candidate for
the position of colonel, of the regiment
before the first' election and that they
have no faith In the statements made that
he had at the time of the first election
promised to vote for Colonel H. I. Sey
mour and had then failed to keep faith
with him. CQlonel Forbes himself, in a
printed statement, declares: "I never at
any time promised to vote for or support
Seymour until the 3d day of March, when
I did so." •-.¦.•¦• ¦__
Choppers' Friendship Club.
, At the meeting of the Choppers',; Friend
ship Club,' an auxiliary: of the local camps
of ' the ."Woodmen '¦ of Uhe = World,- held r last
Friday night,", the : membership .was,", after
the routine. business of the evening had
been disposed of, entertained with a very
instructive 'lecture <on "'How -to "Keep
Well" •by'Dr.-McLane,, one of the club's
physicians and a member of Golden Gate
Camp. • The club - authorized the social
committee, of 1 which A. J. ¦; -.Weinert is, the
chairman,- to arrange for a.' high grade
entertainment' to : be ¦ given • under ; the
club's I auspices -In . one : of -, the ' large -. halls
. in • this ' city , ¦ and Ito | which admission will
be' by Invitation only.. It will probably be
jflven within a month.
Feast of Annunciation.
The feast of the annunciation of tho
Blessed Virgin, which occurs to-day, w'll
be celebrated with great solemnity In St.
Ignatius Church. There will be a solemn
Struck With a Beer Glass.
Jeremiah Shlnkwln, a bartender, during
a fight In Pete Larsen's saloon. 6 Steuart
street, threw a beer glass at Axel John
son, a sailor, hitting him on the head and
cutting open his scalp. Shinkwln was ar
rested for. an assault with a deadly
weapon, but yesterday Judge Fritz, after
hearing the evidence, reduced the charge
to battery and fined Shlnkwln : $130. with
the alternative of 130 days in the County
Jail. •
The Welburn Bond Suit.
' The case of the Government against
Stanley Wllley and Henry Farmer, bonds
men for . O. M. Welburn, will be argued
before the Jury and United States Circuit
Judge Morrow next Tuesday. The counsel
for the Government, United States Attor
ney Coombs and Marshall B. Woodworth.
claim that, they have proved a shortage
of $0000, exclusive of the Clyde Welburn
account. They say that they were unable
to prove the whole shortage of nearly
$16,000 sued for because several Important
witnesses have died.
Anyvo Theatrical Cold Cream. Makeup
and Rouge Gras. Sold by all druggists. •
DELEGATES TO THE
NEXT GRAND PARLOR
Native Sons Select the Hen Who Will
Represent Them in Annual
! Conference. (
Following is a 'list of the delegates to
the next session of the Grand Parlor of
the Native Sons of the Golden West as
far as reported:
'Areonaut Parlor No. 8, B. B. Ward, Ar'M.
Smith; Pacific No. 10, S. V. Costello, Leonard
Stone, D. A. Ryan, T. P. Martin; Clilco No. 21.
D. XV. Wcslen. Guy T. Jackson; San Mateo No.
23 Thomas Flaherty: Yosemlte No. * 24, Joseph
Goldman; General Wlnn No. 32, Charles M.
Eelshaw; Bolano No. 39, ;A. C. Fillnmn. E.
Dinkelspeil; Fremont No. 44. XV. Vf. '-Black;
Alameda No. 47, C. N. Bolte. J. F.. Hanson:
Plymouth No. 48, S. X. ; Davis; El Dorado No.
62, I, B. Mayer. D. D. Lowney. L. JE. Folk:
St. Helena 1 . No. E3, Bismarck Bruch, John J.
Barry; Napa, No. 62, J. T. York, George Gilder
sleeve; Watsonville No/ 65, George G. itadcllCt,
j. l Mann; Rlncon No. 72," John Pr Donovan,
John Barman, Thomas H. Vivian, James Wil
son; Stanford No. 76, . D. A. Curtln, J. J, L* - r
men A. F. Schleicher, Charles H. Stanyan;
Golden Star No. SS, D.i C. Bugbee ; Santa Crue
No. HO. W. R. /Linscott, W.'-.D. Haslam, ;R.¦¦ H.
Pringle; Golden Nugget No. 94, John Welgand;
Seaside No.'SS, Fred Albrecht; Las Posltas No.
»6, William Mclver, \ Mark" Landerson; Eden
No 113, C. Rupprlcht, George A. Oakes; GnbHan
N0'132 Louis Griffln: South San Francisco No.
157,'<E.'J. Toaffe,: Nathaniel Halllnan; Winters
No 163, Arthur W. North; Byron No. wl7o,
Charles Conle: Observatory No. 177, T. A, K.
Fassett, ; Martin Murphy: Liberty No. 193. Ar
thur Read; Athens N0. .195. Milton G. Perkins,
WHllam B. - Deane; Prospect No. • 201. ¦¦ R. T.
Noble; Cape Horn No. I 203, , Lewis Slissman;
Quartz .No." 68, George L. Jones. W. S.Robln
fon. J." H. Cousrhlin : Mount Bally > No. ; 87, T.
F. Bergln, Jesse F.,Tourtellotte.
Cameras and photo supplies In artists'
material department at Sanborn & Valla,
741 Market street. •
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al American
Steamship.
ZEALANDIA
(CAPACITY 80CO TONS)
FOR WE DIRECT.
Sailing from San Francisco
MoMay, lay 21,1900.
Special rates for freight and Insurance.
Through passenger and freight service to
Dawson and all points on Yukon River.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION Ca,
• 139 POST STREET.
_ ___
.....F0R..'...'
CAPEJOME!
gST-mrtip SAN PEDRO
V ' (Built In 1899.)
. . .
Capacity 10CO tons. All modern
conveniences for comfort. * S«s> .
trie lighted throughout.
Sailing From
< SAN FRANCISCO
NOME DIRECT
May 15, 1900
This company will have its own
complete equipment for , the saf*
and expeditious landing cf paasen-
. gera and cargo on arrival at Noma.
For Freight and Passenger
Rates Apply to
GAPE NOME STEAMSHIP CD.
(H. R. DUFFIX * CO.. Gen'l Agents.)
10 Montgomery St., San^rranolaco.
Music at the Park.
The Golden Gate Park band will render
the following programme at the park to
day, commencing at 2 o'clock in the after
noon: '
Overture, "Merry Wives of "Windsor"
(Nlcolal); "Pasquinade" (Gottschalk); themes
from the "Grand Duchess" (Offenbach); song,
"One Heart's Enough for Mo" (Max Hlrsch
feld); selection. "Xl Capltan" (Sousa); sym
phony No. 1 (Beethoven), (a) "Adagio Molto
and Allegro Con Brio," (b) "Andante Can
tablle Con Moto," (c) "Menuetto," (d) "Al
legro Molto Vivace"; overture. "William Tell"
(Rossini); "Kansas Two-Step' 1 (Pryor).
Deposits put up for street railway em-
ployes 60c month. Uniforms sold on Install-
ments. Address Shalmount, 1406 Pine st. •
STABBED BY THE
BOY HE ABUSED
Andrew Layden Attacks Wayne Har
ris and Is Seriously Cut in
the Back.
Andrew Layden. an ex-messenger 'boy.
walked Info the A. D. T. office at Sutter
and Kearny streets last evening ami
started to abuse Wayne Harris, who is
employed In the office. After some words
I^ayden struck Harris, who Is much the
smaller of the two. Harris then went to
his room and, arming . himself with a
knife, returned to the scene of the
trouble. As he entered the office Lay
den again attacked him, whereupon Har
ris plunged the knife Into his assailant's
back, inflicting a serious wound. Harris
Immediately surrendered himself to Po
lice - Officer Snowball, and was charged
with assault to commit murder.
Layden was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, , where the wound was dressed
by Police Surgeon Cherry.
BECAME DESPONDENT
AND SOUGHT DEATH
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i.'-:- -. ¦ . . ¦ - l
? WASH SHIRT WAISTS.
O Smart, snappy styles, patterns that look summery, made In the latest np-to-
i date manner. They are all swell designs, at ....?1.00 51.25 and Kt.Jlrt
Some very fine styles at )<2.00 and $2.5U
I FIRST SHOWING OF SUMMER SKIRTS.
Linen Crashes, handsomely made an 1 trimmed; choice styles; come and see them.
SPRING NOVELTIES JUST OPENED.
I HANDSOME RIBBONS. LACES. ALLOVERS. DRESS TRIMMINGS. NECK-
a WEAR, BELTS AND FANCT DRESS SILKS.
9 KID GLOVES.
. k If you are not pleased with the Gloves you bongrht last, we would recommend
\W your allowing us- to fit you a pair o* "COLUMBIA." They are satisfactory;
new assortment Just received.
f Only $1.00 pair.
f SPECIAL BARGAINS.
• Linen Hemstitched and open work, stamped tray cloth; regular SSo grade:
special sale at 2T»c
9 Earn* In 24-lach square; special at 303
,| ON SALE AT BOTH STORES.
t KQKLBERG, STRAUSS & FROKMAN,
• 107-109 POST STREET.
• . 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
Nothing so
good as these
- ¦
oX. tries© prices
in San Francisco.
BASKETS. SPECIALS IN TRDNKS.
Fancy close-matted Lunch Baskets; ¦— TTW — ttm,,.
Telescope Baskets. 13-inch, with strap. 2.". c - Kfia^^te^ghSß-^S^^JB*'™^
ft.'- 'rr ¦ ,tpct
Wtt lKil *r ; '-<im Barrel- top. Metal-covered Trunk.
iSt M"Jil | U'iSvf IMDROVFMFNTS 5 slats on top; fully reinforced:
JS^S^KjpJiT *"»^ K *-» vti « lc N **• tray and covered hatbox; Iron bot-
<G£*oJ±£X£:<s- torn and eood lock; special at $2.63
r ' Same style, extra large 4.*5
Flat-top Trunk, canvas covered: 4
BRASS. I PAINTED. hardwood slats on top; double row
taStf 75c 6xlo COc all around; steel trimmings; high
Regularly »old I Regularly sold set up tray, with covered hatbox*
at $1.00. _ I at 65c iron bottom, strap hinges and good
6Hx9fc SI.OO 7x10% ;v Tsc lock; special at 93.5S
Regularly sold Regularly sold Flat-top Trunk; canvas covered: wide Iron
at U-25. i„_ at 85c bound: center band; two leather straps:
7%x10 91.25 Vfix.\\ ..... ... 80c fourf 0ur hardwood slats on top and two all
Regularly sold . Regularly sold around the body; steel comers and
• at U-50. ¦ at \\.w. clamps; brass monitor lock; sliding
Trap Cage; heavy wire double- door handles: strap hinges; iron bottom; deep.
with spring 3Sc '" I J y «t ov l r £ d - traJ L and ha^x.
' Breeding Cage; single; heavy wire; *"- 05 * 6 -5 ?7.45 *szir, f0.23
wood frame: with nest and cups, iS-inch 30-inch K-inch 34-inch 86-inch
complete Osc Flat-top Patent Wall Trunks, all price*.
Double Breeding Cages, a* above — 91.25 from $«i.,'o to 91M.U0
Mocking Bird Cages, complete
52.00 to 93.00 would call your particular attention
Parrot Cages; zinc wire; H-inch #!.r»O to our 1900 line of Go-carts and Baby
S Same. 16-lnch fa.OO Carrlagea.
(]J^) Carts— in all the 1930 styles. A big
~ and extra good line at lowest prices.
818-820 Market St., S. F.
NAVAL OFFICER
WILL WRITE OF
HIS CAPTIVITY
Lieutenant J. C. Gillmore
Offered a Large Sum
for a Story.
The Public to Learn of His Harrow?
ing Experiences While a Pris
oner of the Insur
gents.
Lieutenant J. C. Gillmore, the naval of
ficer who spent eight and a half months
in- captivity in the Philippines, will prob
ably make a small fortune in recounting
his adventures among the insurgents. He
was rescued last December by Colonel
¦Hare of the Thirty-third Infantry and a
party of picked men in the mountains in
the north of Luzon, and returned to this
city a fortnight ago on the naval trans
port Solace. '
Just prior to his departure for his home
in Washington last Thursday Lieutenant
Gillmore received two flattering offers for
a recital of his adventures in the Philip
pines. One was from a noted lecture man
ager, offering him $10,<j00 in cash for a
series of lectures through the large cities
of the country, extending over a period of
only a few we«ks.
The other offer was from Appleton &
Co the publishers, for a written account
of Lieutenant Gillmore'B adventures, to
be published in book form. The amount
offered by Appleton & Co., Lieutenant
Gillmore says, is far in excess of that
offered by the lecture manager, and also
far more tempting 1 , because he knows
something about the use of a pen and has
had no experience whatever as a public
speaker. Aside from his disinclination to
enter the lecture fleld, Lieutenant Gill
more thinks that his superior officers
would not approve of such a proceeding.
Lieutenant Gillmore will have to rely
entirely on his memory in relating his
wonderful story. During the fifteen days'
trip down the river after the rescue of his
party in the mountains his raft was often
upset and he lost not only his carefully
kept Journal, but all of his ofilcial corre
spondence with General Tino and other
insurgent Philippine chiefs by whom he
was kept prisoner.
The only picture of special interest he
possesses is a photograph of himself and
party, taken on the day of their rescue by
an officer of the rescuing party who had a
camera and only one film left. When the
photograph was taken Gillmore was
standing on a rock, holding In his hand a
flag. which he and hls^comrades had made
in prison at the risk/ of their lives and
carried with them for months. The other
members \of the party were grouped
around the lieutenant.
Since his arrival in San Francisco Lieu
tenant Gillmore learned that the insurgent
officer who had his party in charge dr
lng the last two weeks of their captivity
had been captured and Is now a prisoner
at Manila, awaiting trial by court mar
tial. This officer, a young lieutenant, had
orders from General Tlno to shoot GUl
more and all of his party, but preferred
to abandon them, without food, in a sav
age country, because, as he told Gillmore,
"his conscience would not permit him to
carry out the order for the massacre."
high mass at 10:30 o'clock. Rev. Father
Testa will be celebrant. Rev. Father Sard!
deacon. Rev. Mr. Fleuren subdeacon, Rev.
jbather Culligan master of ceremonies.
The sermon on the occasion will be deliv
ered by Rev. Father Mahony. In the even-
Ing there will be solemn vespers. Rev.
Father Woods will deliver the sermon.
The usual prayer for the consecration of
the twentieth century will be recited after
the sermon. Solemn benediction will close
the feast.
BEACH MERRY-GO-ROUND
MENACES PUBLIC SAFETY
Machine South of the Ocean Beach
Pavilion Frightens Horses and
Endangers Pedestrians.
A menace to public safety and one that
Is certain to be the cause of, serious ac
cident Booner or later unless special pre
cautions are taken by drivers of teams
and pedestrians alike now exists out near
the Ocean Beach Pavilion In the shape
of a noisy, placard-displaying merry-go
round. This machine. Innocent enough In
Itself, Invariably strikes terror to the
passing teams. It is located across the
etreet Just south \>t the Ocean Beach Pa
vilion and takes up the entire corner
formed by the intersection '- of the beach
boulevard and the avenue leading from
the Market-street Railway Company's
depot to the main drive. Owing to the
fact that no fence or other structure has
been erected on the street side, and
through the fact that it is hidden on the
south side by the walls of the power
house, teams coming from that direction
bound for the Cliff House run upon the
machine without warning. The whang of
the piano-organ and the flapping of the
many placards as the machine ¦ whirls
enjoyment into the hearts of the young
sters fall on the horses like a thunder
bolt and Invariably they leap from the
road and are plunging through the sands
toward the beach before the driver can
control them. To-day the beach will be
crowded with teams and pedestrians if
the weather remains clear, and It is safe
to say that one runaway caused by the
merry-go-round will leave behind some
Injured and possibly some dying
pedestrian. As the horses come upon the
machine so suddenly and swerve as sud
denly from the road there will be no
chance for escape for those who happen
to be on the beach side of the road, and
the iron roofs of some horse may cause a
death. Drivers in particular should be
careful to rein their horses In and get
them under control before attempting to
pass the merry-go-round, and pedestrians
should seek some other place away from
the road on the beachslde for their en
joyment until a fence or other shelter
hides the machine from view.
As the merry-go-round is ¦ on private
property the Park Commissioners have no
control over the way in which it Is man
aged. Several complaints have been
made, however, and doubtless the owners
of the machine will be asked to fence
the same in; a request which should be
immediately complied with if accident is
to be avoided. ,
THE SAN FRAKGISCO CALL; /SUNDAY, MAKCH 25, 1900.
NO BLAME CAST
ON THE BOARD
FOR THE ERROR
Examination for Chief Clerk
of Sub-Treasury Is
"Canceled.
Another Trial to Be Had With Mr.
Jacobs as One of the Civil Ser
vice T^a ml fling Com
mission.
• » .
I Assistant Treasurer Jacobs at the Sub-
Treasury In this city has received a dis
patch, a letter and a printed circular from
the Civil Service Commission at Washing
ton announcing that the examination held
recently- in this city for the civil service
position of chief clerk in the United States
Sub-Treasury In this port had been can
celed because it appeared that the'exam
ination papers containing the questions
had been prematurely opened by Manuel"
Eyre through inadvertence. The letter
went on to state that several persons who
had taken part In the examination had
filed protests with the department, but
that the department had found nothing In
the facts that could militate against the
good name or the fairness of the local
board of examiners.
The circular imparted the unexpected
Information that Assistant Treasurer Ja
cobs might add to the examination ques
tions others on such subjects pertaining
to the duties to be tilled as he may deter
mine. . . .
Mr. Jacobs mailed a letter yesterday to
the commission at Washington asking for
more definite instructions regarding his
powers and dutleß in the matter of the
proposed new examination. It will be re
membered that at the examination which
the commission has Just canceled a
brother of Mr. Jacobs and a son of Cus
toms Collector Jackson were among the
applicants. When the discovery was made
by Thomas P. Burns, cashier of the Sub-
Treasury and member of the examining
board, that the packet containing the ex
amination questions had been opened be
fore the proper time the class protested
and Candidate Jacobs retired from the ex
amination before its conclusion.
The date of the new examination will be
announced by the commission at Wash
ington.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAXD CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
L'DATU & Drake Ama.lpasis.tors, oper&t-
IVlvUljn ln« dally; 1 3,'-Hp. gasoline en-
gine cheap. S Stevenson. S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
Ir. Operation Daily. €25 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
DEDGIVO PLMPS.
Ci'X. Gasoline. Eteam Heists, Centrifugal Pucpi,
E-.p.nf-f A B.llers. HendyUacb.Wk>.,O Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.
L.. PETERSON. 644 A Mission, S. F.: communl-
c&tlcns from Inventors ctrtctly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Fcrply fresh or salt water for alulc* boxes;
Mrh or low lifts. Elmonds. 23 Market e»_
FUMPS AND GASOLINE ENGINES.
A", kinds of Pumps and Gasolln* Engines.
WOODIN & LITTLE. SIJ Market St.. 8. F.
EEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
EAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
CENTRIFUOAL AMALGAMATORS.
EAVES flee cold. In dally operation at 254
BeaJe *t . San Francisco.
GOLa SEPARATOR.
jUP.SHALL Gold Savlne Machine. »» Fol-
KD street. Oriental Gas Entice Company.
GOLT SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
daily operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. ID Ist.
MATTFSO-VS SLUICE WASHER.
Jy-TS torn, riffles and carpet combined saves
placer «o!d. VAN WINKLE. 41S Market st.
GASOLINE ENGINES.
irEßrrtxs gas engine works is man*
rr.ar.T crder* for Nome. 141-141 First St.. 6. F.
OJ?OCERIES A^D PROVISIONS
Outfits packed. IRVINE BROS.. 870 Howard.
SOS Fourth. IMS Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F.
LIQUORS-
WHICI^FV •*+ CAHEN & BON.
? V nIOIVL I 418 Sacramento.
OILS.
trnmCATINO Oil Crude Oil and Gaaollne.
ENSIGN* A McGUFTICK. it 6p»ar st. S. F.
PLATES FOP SAVINO GOLO.
F'T->i*zV.n A Barridre. t Hardie plac*. OS
Kearny. between Eutter and Bush streets.
F. W. BEIX, Central Platlne Works. 812 Mls^
«lon St.. S. F. Phone Jessie 3CI.
POCKERS.
DrtfTEDC Hula-Hula Rocker: Centrirura!
KULhC^S San* Pumps; Machinery. PAIiKE
& LACY CO.. ?1 Fremont at.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
ITCRNHAM-BTANDEKORD CO., Washington
and let eta.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. F.
PILE-DRIVINO ENGINES.
Worthlnrton Steam Pumps & Water Meters,
Mundy Hoisting Engines. Tatum & Bowen.
ENOI*>ES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER * HAMILTON. Enrlnes and Boilers;
lowest prices on the coast. Pine A Davis su.
TENTS AND COVERS.
ICEVTLLE & CO.. manufacturers, bad. Uata.
covers. XI and M California st.
I (entrifuqal B
1 DRAKES I
i ' «s^£^ Gold I
9 Stevenson 5t b.F. (&^^£^ !§
NlAl/Alv DR ' PIERCE S
<giPll ELECTRIC
'WfC BELT,'
•3llp= this belt is war-
"/>>»» ranted to be the latest Im-
x proved, most powerful and In
¦n rereecU the hert now manufactured in any
Dart of the world. It* equal doe* not erleL Th»
hilvanometer nhows tt* electric current to be
double that of any -other. Easily regulated,
ijurabljr Insulated. Latest tmproved attach-
rnert*. fir-eclal conductors and electrodes.
r>cuble wire suspensory for men. It will curs
in-r <!!»ea*e on earth that It la pebble to cure
with electricity, and it cure* when other* fall.
Buy no belt till rou see "Dr. Pieree's."
-Bocklet No. i." free at office or cent try mall
fcr a. 2-cent stamp, tell* all about It. Addrem
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street,
<Opp. Palac* Hotel) BAN FRANCISCO.
Eastern Office— New York City.
Weekly Call, §1 per Year
Now here
Gcntemeri
¦ ,y^ -"Su'eTdc: .¦ Gloves,
for Eastcp-— 5 1.5O a poir
w. m. smith, Agent 200 [Post Street
\/Ji I /^re the sizes of a lot of 1 |\
I/M V : . fine summer shoes for 1 1 (V
Jnfl men..- Q^hey bein^ made
fny I as salesman's samples:
HI r them an exceptional
|i value.in fact eaual tea five dol- I
HI lar quatity_y7s long as they
vf last f 330 the pair will be ± \ /
'II the price. H'nestorYiolciih Mr"
,Vi\ our windows WACT'c 73B " 740 /
I! ( • "¦' ' "-t".™ ?/. f\ A^ 1 J MARKET.ST. jj *
19
ADVEBTISEMENTS.Money
Earns
Money. x
A SMALL INVESTMENT WILL
IN A VERY SHORT TIME EARN
IP SENSIBLY PLACED. .
THE SOUTH AMERICAN SECURITY COM-
PANY, having offices In the principal cities and
correspondents .¦ In - many -'¦ of r. the , Important
towns, , haa unequaled ¦ facilities - for ; Investing
in first-class securities In this rich field, where
so many fortunes have been made. . -
:¦: Money Invested > draws s interest . monthly; ' It
can be withdrawn at 30 days' notice; It haa al-
ways earning power: absolutely safe.
Let us tell . you about it. : Particulars ; aad
prospectus free. .rv .;,••. .-
south americanTsFcurity company,
214 Pine street. 1 Ban Francisco. Cal. .
- Offices in ; Colombia,; Brazil, Venezuela aad
Peru. . ..-• . ¦ ..-¦.- - .:¦••" -.- . .- -i,, ¦¦¦; ¦: . .-.: r . v.
Correspondents) la • Oaatemala aatd Argentine
.Baoubllo." : y .¦¦;-• •.-„;-, ../;v.,vij ¦.'¦-a--. ¦".«¦--¦.»¦.• ¦'
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
Free to. the
xiliptUPGCl.
*
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known
Authority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
There are people who have been torturing
themselves for years with trusses. Its Is hoped
their attention will be drawn to Dr. Rice's free
DR. 8. BALL. ;
offer. An elderly and retired physician. Dr. S.
Ball cf Marion,. Ala., is one of the hundreds
attracted to this generous announcement, and
aa a result he is now completely . cured of a
bad rupture which was very hard to hold. . Al-
though 72 years of age he had the courage and
determination to try. this new and novel method
and ' now he lives In peace, contentment < and
security. ¦'. Dr.' Ball looks back to the old days
of crude methods and- in* comparison halls the
wonderful method of Dr. Rice as a marvelous •
God-send Ito ¦ the t present generations. By all 1
means write ; at once to Dr. *W. & : Rice. 41S I
6. Main St.. Adams, N. T., and he will send
you a free trial of his remarkable home cure
for rupture. There Is no pain, danger.* opera-
tion or an hour's loss of time, and by starting
now you will be sound and well by early spring.
FURNITURE BUYERS !
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
IN ALL LINES OF;
-rtntNrrtncß. carpets, linoleums.
MATTINGS. ETC..
From 10 to M per cent on account of enlarging
store. -Must make room for new goods. Try
my credit system. The - only liberal credit
bouse on the Coast. /
-Estimates given on complete housefurnlshlng.
';¦ Prices lower than ever. . .
T m BRiLLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Powell and Stockton . sts.
Open evenings. ' ¦
.•• Free delivery Oakland and suburbs.
REGULAR WEEKLY SALE.
Tuesdiy, Maroh 27th,ll'O'Clock.
ORMONDE STABLE,: 1515 MISSION 'ST..
Of 1 car of Horses, . suitable for. all purposes;"
also : one - fast Pacer. Buyers Drotected In 'all
cases. . Horses must be , as represented.
¦-. , :.: ¦> - ¦¦¦¦-¦¦. , S.-WATKINS. Auctioneer. '
(1 jj
]Vaa^3?o MARKET ST. Sf.*im&
WBBHyCil.ooiier.Yßar
NO PAIN! NOOAS!
NO CHARGES for painless extraction when
teeth are ordered. All work done by graduate
dentists of 12 to 20 years* experience; a special-
ist In each department. Wa will tell you In
advanoe exactly what your work will cost by a
free examination. Give us a call, and you will
find we do exactly aa we advertise.
Set of Teeth.. -. $5.00
Gold Filling 1.00
Gold Crown ......._.. 5.00
Sliver Filling- 50
New York Dental Parlors,
723 MARKET ST.
PORTLAND OFFICE!
NE. Cor. Fourth and Morrison Sts.
Hours— B to 8; Sundays 10 to 4.
_ BAELBOAD TRAVEL
TWO=r, A M^a!=TRAIHS
Knickerbocker
Cfiprial Noonday
jpCUdl Train From
SNEW YORK.
BOSTON.
BUFFALO.
CINCINNATI.
Via Big Four Route and
New York Central Railway.
JVO TUNNEL AT ST. LOUIS.
NO FERRY AT HEW YORK.
STOP AT NIAGARA FALLS.
White City
JpCClm From
CINCINNATI.
WASHINGTON.
CHICAGO tO BALTIMORE.
PHILADELPHIA,
¦' NEW YORK-
Via Big Four Route and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTON C. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Aftent.
CALIFORNIA NORTHVESTEIN IT. Cl
SM FRAVCISCO AND NORTH PANTO
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttfcuron F«rry. f—\ of Marfctt M.
¦AM FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEI*
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. %:0\ U:» a. to.; 12:9.
. 1:80, B:10, %-M p. m. Thursdays— Extra trt»
at 11:30 a. m. Baturdaya— Bxtra, trlpa at 1:61
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDATB— B:OO. IJO. U:» a. m.5 l:Ml tJk\
*:00. «:20 p. m. fr»
BAN RAFAEL TCT BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«: 10, 7:80. »:20. 11:10 a»m.; 11:OL
1:40. 6:19 p. m. Saturdays— Extra - trip* at
1:66 and <:3S p. m.
BUNDAYB-8:10. «:4«, 11:19 «. m.; 1:49, »:«•. 1:0 a.
6:JS p. m . • ¦ - ¦-. ¦
Between San Francisco and Scauetaen Park
same schedule aa above.
T'tieare . Arrtre
Baa Francisco. In Effect Baa Franclaoew
October 15. -
Week Bun- 1599. Bun- Week
Day, days. Destination, days. Day.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 19:40 am 1:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:28 am
1:10 pm 6:00 prn Santa Roea. 7:35 pm 1:23 pm
Fulton.
IMiffl Windsor. - 19: M aa
Healdsburs;,
Lytton.
QeyservlUe.
t:JO pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. > 7:» pm f :tl pa
7:30 ami - IHopland and! ' I
I 8:00 am| Uktah, | 7:» pm| 1:0 pm
f :30 am 10:23 am
'- - ¦ 8:00 am Ouemffrtlla. 7:88 pm . ?^-
, 8:30 pm ¦. . - •¦\. . . . .. : « : a pnl
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma t:l5 am 8:40 am
and . ¦¦ ¦-.-. • U
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Qlen gllen. 6:06 pm 8:23 pm
< 7:30 ami 8:00 ami SebastopoL 110:40 amIIO:2S am
8:30 pm| 8:00 pm| | 7:35 pm| 6:O pm
; Staces connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Spring's and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Oeyservllle for Skana
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hoo-
land for Duncan ¦ Springs, Hlirhland Sprtnjra.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's
Bucknell's." Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle Orr*s
Hot - Springs, Mendoclno City. . Fort Bran
Westport. UsaL Wlllitu. Laytonville, Cuml
mlng's, .Bell's Springs,^ Harris. . Olsen's. Dyer
Scotia and Eureka. ,
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • ,•
On Sunday rour.d-triD tlcketa to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. .
General Manager. N . Gen, Pass. Agent. 4
MOUNT TAMALP6IS SCENIC < RAILWAY
_^*» v ».^» n : F »»? taco , J»* ¦ Bauaallto Kerry. ;
AI>V-ERTTSEHENTS.
AI>VEB>TISEI2Q2NTSi.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, S^laSk
DIAMOND COAT. MINING CO.. at Its GRKE.W
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal la the
vlaHlcu Ot&cm and Taxds— iSO Main atrset.
FEFTY TO ONE
That You Don't Get Killed If You Go
to Wax.
War is not such a dangerous game as
people think. In spite . of all efforts to
annihilate each other, enemies do com
paratively •_ slight damage. During the
Franco-German war, with Its 'scores of
battles on a vast scale, only; 19ft '.men In
each 1000 were killed nnd 108 wounded,
while i\i per 1000 were missing. -Thus any
soldier ? engaged had < about - nine • chances
to one that he would not get a scratch;
and over fifty chances ¦to •* one ¦* that ; he
would not be killed.- Most of the wounds
received were slight — that Is to say, one
fourth of all the wounds were severe and
three-fourths were slight. But It is sur
prising how small a wound disables a man
and knocks him out of the ranks.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
" "* Via Sansallto Perry.
; • 5 ' Oommeocine October 1. IS9».
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. TAIXXt
-- - AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *T. OO. •9:30. 11:00 a. m,: n:4».
•JMO. 5:15.' 4:00. «:30 P. ro. _
¦ EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa Ra-
fael, en Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
SUNDAYS— *3:OO. •10:00. 11:30 a. m.; "1:1 a,
1:15. »4:*5. «:30. 9:00 p. m.
- Trains insulted (•) run to Saa Qucatla.
FROM BA.V RIFAEL TO. dAN FRANCTBOO.
. WEEK DATS-t:B, *<:SS. 7:45. •9:40 a. m.|
•12 30 2 '13 *J:4O. *5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aa«
a. ~,
n TV°a,^ a ric 4 id S an Qu«^
EXTRA* TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdaya an 4
Saturdays At 7:CO and 10:» P- n>-
10: OS a, m.: 15:<S. 1:1* ««a.
•:00. .:45 I^.-fcrikcbH TRAINS •
1M a. m. w«ek days— Caiadero and way statlOßsv
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
l;ooa.in,SMn4ay* = TOTtt»lW 184-IH.IW* I "*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR •
" Seventy - Seven " Is Dr. Hum-
phrey's Famous Specific for La
Grippe, and the Preven-
tion of Pneumonia.
"77" meets the exigency of the pre-
vailing epidemic of Grippe, with all its
symptoms of Influenza, Catarrh, Pains
and Soreness in the Head and Chest,
Cough.' Sore Throat, General Prostra-
tion and Fever. Taken early it cuts :<: < it
short promptly. Taken during its
prevalence, it preoccupies the system
and prevents its invasion ;\ taken while
suffering from it,. a relief is speedily
realized, which may be continued up to
an entire cure.
For sale by all druggists, or sent on receipt
of price. 25c and $1 00. ¦ Humphrey's ; Homeo-
pathic Medicine Co., corner William and John
. streets. New York. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest ginning sad moat
.luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Txaix Leaves San FkasciSCOl
B P.n. Monday. Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND I«eaTes San Francisco at 5:30
EXPRESS P- m * with Palace and Toanst
n»ii v cars f or Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains tetween Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Vtsalla, Tnlaro on An
and Bakersaeld. ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 62S
"FBlSm «nnN Market Street, Phone Main
I TOtU 3UUPI 1531; . Oakland, 1118 Broad-
wr; Sacramento, 201 J Street; Saa Jos*. 7 West
Santa Clara. Street.
Caught a Coon With His Hands.
As Lysander Monk Jr. of Buckfleld was
coming- home from Buckfleld Village. Sat
urday night, he saw a coon running ahead
of his horse. He jumped out and hitched
his horse and wenf after. the coon. As
the coon ' started to • go up a tree Mr.
Monk struck him with his fist, knocked
him down and fetched him home alive in
his arms and : drove his horse. - The coon
weighed thirty pounds.— From the Lewis
ton (Me.) Journal. • •
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
American Companions.
On the night of the 29th of March Palo
Alto Circle of the Companions of the For
est of America will give its third grand
entertainment and ball In Union Square
Hall. The entertainments previously
given by this very energetic circle have
been well arranged and most entertain
ing and the live committee that has
charge of the coming one promises "a
show that will beat any heretofore given."
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Flora Ja
cobs,- who a short time since returned
from a visit to the circle in the southern
part of the State, reports the order in that
section of the State flourishing and all the
circles, with one exception, in good con
dition.
During the past ten days the grand chief
companion paid two official visits in this
city. She went to San Francisco Circle
and there witnessed the Initiation of
three candidates In the presence of a large
number of the members of the order.
There vere present Past Grand Chief
Companions Mrs. M. A. Duke, Mrs. Emma
Harrington and Ira W. Coburn, Grand
Treasurer Miss Ticoulet, Grand Trustees
Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ec and Mrs. A. Davis
and the officers and about fifty members
of Golden Era Circle. The meeting was
a very Interesting one. This circle has
three mf>re candidates, all men, to ini
tiate. .
The erand chief companion also visited
officially Pride of the Forest Circle, be
ing accompanied by Grand Financial Sec
retary Miss Agnes D. Bremer, Grand
Right Guide Miss May Bailey and Grand
Trustees Mrs. Kemo Van Ec and Mrs.
Davis. There were present representa
tives of Mizpah, Bonlta, Golden Era, Ex
celsior and Bay City Circles.
On the inst. Inter Nos Circle Initiat
ed two candidates, admitted three by
card and received four applications. On
the 22d Robin Hood Circle received one
application. Live Oak received one and
Palo Alto Initiated one stranger.
The convention of 1900 is hard at work
making arrangements for its picnic next
month In aid of the fund to entertain the
delegates to the Grand Circle. >
COAST IM VISION (Broad Gaage).
(Third mid Townseml Sta.)
COAST DIVISION (."Varroir Gaage).
(Foot ot Mnrket Street.) -
Little Rock's Race Meeting.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark., March 24.— The
spring meeting of the Arkansas Jockey
Club will. open on Monday and last six
days. There are 300 horses at the track.
The feature of the opening day will be
the Turf Congress stake. Several good
bunches have arrived here from. New Or
leans and Memphis and a large attend
ance and good racing seem assured. The
officials will be: Colonel S. M. Apperson.
presiding Judge; Joseph Martin, secre
tary, and William Bruen, starter.
MRS. BERT KILET.
still non rleaslnr and convincing Mme. M.
Ribault. who discovered this great eecret. sends
free to every woman who writes a sufficient
quantity of the beautifler to show her how
easy it is to attain beauty when you know the
eimple truth and the right remedies. Mrs. Bert
Kiley. IC3 Ward Aye.. Bellevue. Ky.. obtained
a free trial of Mme. Ribault. and this is what
she says of It: "I am perfectly delighted with
the result. My complexion from the time I was
a little girl was always a source of vexation,
and as I grew in years those horrid pimples,
blackheads and other blemishes got worse and
worse. When 1 became a young lady In long
dresses, began to think of beaux and parties,
there was many a bitter disappointment for me.
all because of my horrid, freckled and unsight-
ly skin. The past few years have seen wonder-
ful changes, and all on account of Mme. 111-
baulfs complexion beautifler. I have a beau-
tiful liome and my husband never fails to re-
mark about my clear and charming complex-
ion. Ever}' lady ought to send at once and get
a fre« trial."
It Is not a face powder, cream, cosmetic or
bleach, contains no oil. sreaae. paste, chemicals
or poisons of any kind and Is absolutely pure.
Write to Mme. M. Riboult. 3*6 Elsa Building.
Cincinnati. Ohio, and she will mall free, pre-
paid, in a plain sealed wrapper a free package
of her wonderful beautlfiers, and you will al-
waye bless the day you wrote. Do not fall to
write to-day.
ENGLISH CHESS
PLAYERS BEATEN
BY AMERICANS
Yankee Team Captures the
International Match
by Cable.
Needs but One More Victory to Ee
tain Permanent Possession of
the Sir George Newnes
NEW YORK, March 24.— For the third
time America has *ron the Anglo-Ameri
can cable chess match out of five matches
played. The score of six wins to four Is
the same as was m>ide last year. The in
ternational chess Championship cup do
nated by Sir George Newnes will remain
here for another year, and it takes only
cue additional victory to make It a per
i:ianent possession.
The contest was spirited throughout.
England scored first blood. Then it looked
as If America would achieve an over
whelming victory, but later in the dajr it
was a question whether America would be
able to win the match by one narrow
point. The whole Issue hinged on the
game between Pill'bury and Blackburn
and the contest be* ween Bellingham and
Hodges. Blackburn, by very fine play re
gained a pawn lo*.< In the opening and
finally had the be&cr position; but not
sufficient to win. •. 'lodges had been put
on the defensive foi.'a day and a half, but
finally by excellent Splay succeeded in es
tablishing a won g*jne. Seeing that tht>
match would have Ceen won for America
anyhow he offered :a draw, which, how
ever, was not accepted. The gallant Eng.
llshman resigned instead.
Chess clubs from} Boston to California
and from Maine to jrexas were represent
ed by one or more delegates.
Tho veteran Delntar gave an exhibition
of chess prowess v(hich to elder players
recalled the days wlien he was considered
champion of the United States. Playing
with sterling brilliancy, yet with sound
ness, he forced Trenchard to lower his
colors.
The score of the match follows:
American— I Great Britain—
Plllsburjr % Blackburn %
6howalter Vs »« %
Barry 1 Atkins ¦ o
Hodgea 1 Bellingham 0
Hymen % Mills %
Volght 1 Lawrenca o
Marshall 0 Jackson 1
Bampton 0 Jacobs 1
Newman % AVard Vfc
Delrnar 1 Trenchard " 5
Total 6 Total ............. 4
The Americans now have two straight
victories to their credit, and need only to
win in 1901 to obtain permanent possession
of the Newnes trophy.
Britons Cheer for the Victors.
LONDON. March 25.— The Cafe Monaco
presented a - brilliant scene this evening,
when, at the conclusion of the interna
tional chess match, Sir George Newnes
announced that the fifth match had been
won by the American team by six games
to four, and proposed three cheers for. the
Americans. aaSßssiCgfißS
The rooms were crowded with the lead-
Ing English and Continental chess play
ers, who displayed the 'greatest Interest,
particularly wheji, at 10 o'clock, .. it was
noted that the " match was a tie. Soon
after this Delmar defeated Trenchard,
giving the Americans an extra point. This
left the veteran Blackburn against PlUs
bury and Bellingham against Hodges. The
announcement of a draw game between
Blackburn and Pillsbury gave great satis
faction to the friends of ; the - veteran,
although it decreased Great Britain's
chances of success. Bellingham a . few
minutes later resigned in favor of Hodges,
fivlng the American team the advantage
y two games. ;
Congratulatory messages were ; ex
changed between the clubs. ¦ ¦ -
BRYAN WILL
PROBABLY MOVE
INTO TEXAS
Has Already Expressed a
Preferment for That >
State.
Asserted by Democrats That He
Would Be Welcomed There If
Again Defeated for the
Presidency. • * i '
OMAHA, March 24.— A special to the Bee
from Washington says: There Is seem
ingly good reason for believing that Wil
liam J. Bryan is quietly making arrange
ments to move to Texas in the event of
his defeat for President. ¦
The Texas delegation in Congress, and
more particularly Senator Culberson and
Representative Bailey, look upon Bryan's
movements with considerable trepidation,
and see in his quiet trips to the Lone Star
State much to arouse suspicion. Bryan's
children are going to school in Austinl
They are in love with the State, bo It is
said, as Is also Mrs. Bryan. Colonel Bryan
appeals to the emotionalism of the South
erners to a remarkable extent; and, In
point of fact, his temperament savors
more of the South than of the North.
A Texas Congressman to-day said that
Bryan was the idol of his people and that,
should he meet defeat at the polls, losing
Nebraska as well as the nation, he saw
no. other future for the Nebraska states
man than for him to move to the Imperial
commonwealth of Texas and take up his
residence with the people who honor him
for the fight he made for silver.
"Should Bryan decide to move to
Texas." sajd the Congressman, "he would
at once take a prominent place in the
councils of the Democratic party, and, so
warm-hearted are our people over wrongs,
It would not surprise me to see him dis
place Culberson, ChUton and Bailey In the
leadership and become the. dictator of
Democratic politics In the Lone Star
State. Bryan must realize that, with Ne
braska lost to him, he stands but little
show for future preferment, and he can,
with honor to himself and to the State,
turn -his eyes toward. Texas, whose Dem
ocracy is unquestionable and unquench
able. * . -.. —
eluding cash, money orders and checks
were seized. Mr. Truth to-day asked that
this property be returned to him. Mr.
Casey decided to give him whatever cash
there was, but he held the money orders.
The letters that were pouring in for Truth
up to the time of his arrest have now
commenced to dwindle away, but almost
10.000 letters have accumulated since the
arrest.
FRANCIS TRUTH, the Alleged Divine Healer, Who Is in
Trouble in Boston.
BOSTON, March 24.— Francis Truth,
who advertised himself as "the di
vine healer" and who Is under bonds
for alleged Illegal use of the mails,
had a conference to-day with Assistant
United States District Attorney Casey re
garding his mail, which is now withheld
at the postofflce under a fraud order.
When Truth was arrested property ln-
OARSMEN ARE PLACING
THEIR BOATS IN ORDER
Th© South End, Rowing Club members
have been bo occupied with the comple
tion of the handball court and have de
voted bo much time to the game of hand
ball that there has not yet been much
preparation made for the rowing season.
Dr. C. C. Dennis Is desirous to see a race
arranged between the Naval Reserve
cutter crew and the Naval Militia at
Portland, and hopes that it will be one
of the attractions of the Astoria regatta
this year.
The Alameda Boating Club proposes to
give an evening's entertainment to the
ladles, and has appointed a committee
consisting of \V. B. Hinchman. E. M.
Hunter and W. G. Hansen to make the
necessary arrangements for hiring
launches and plungers. The ladies will be
taken out for excursions on the creek in
the launches, sailboats and rowboats.
which will be decorated with lanterns. At
the last meeting \V. C. Donnelly and A.
G. Bell were elected members of the club.
At the last meeting of the Dolphin Boat-
Ing Club it was proposed to extend the list
of members from seventy-five to one hun
dred, but the proposal met with consid
erable opposition, it being thought by
many members that the boathouse is al
ready sufficiently crowded. ; After some
discussion the membership was set at
eighty, and at present there are only two
vacancies on the list. The following new
members were elected: V. G. Tognazzinl.
H. J. Perazzi, V. Kehrlein. A. F. Schup
pert. John Peat, B. H. Nelson. George L.
Birdsall, F. C. Drew, W. A. Donovan and
Stanley Adderley.
George Baker will have, a shell built
and will take up shell racing, as he ex
pects that interest in that class of sport
will steadily increase. A. \V. Pape is
making his headquarters at the Olympic
boathouse at Tiburon. and is practicing:
in the shell.
The Pioneers are preparing for an active
season. The new barge will be In posses
sion of the club to-morrow, and looks like
a fast boat. Vice Captain George Collopy
has superintended the repairing of the
outripged skiffs. Captain C. L.. Ochs says
that he has plenty of good material for
crews ai<d promises to enter a senior and
a lunior ~rew for the first open regatta.
George Alpers has taken up skiff nJwing
under ths instruction of Captain Ochs and
Is thougljt to have a good chance of cap
turing t!«e first prize in the junior skiff
race at t»ie opening regatta.
Hereaf;er the Ariel Rowing Club will
hold Its j regular meetings on the first
Sunday »n the month at the boathouse.
The Ariejs will be well represented in this
year's races, for among the new members
are several athletic young men. The
barge ha« been sent to Rogers for repairs.
James O'Connell has bought a new skiff
and is practicing for the Junior skiff
event.
•MnMS PACIFIC C»«l»A3nr.
(PACIFIC HTSTIJf.)
TrmlßM !••?• »•»«• »r« «•«• «• »rrl»« av4
SAN riIANCISI'O.
(Mala Line. Foot of Market Street)
Beauty Secret
Remarkable Discovery Whereby
Every Lady May Now Attain the
Perfect Bloom of Youth.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
Frepald and Sealed In Plain
Wrapper to All Who Send
Name and Address.
It ria« remained for a Cincinnati woman to
tflseover the secret of a perfect tkln. She has
at last found the key to feminine beauty. All
the liirhs and heartaches over a poor appear-
ance may now be banished, for It Is vrlthln
the mean* of every lady, young or middle aceJ.
to have the clearest and most refined complex-
ion co dear to a woman's heart. And what la
TRUTH APPLIES FOR
HIS CASH AND MAIL
Correspondence With the "Divine Healer"
Falling Off, but Is Still Veru
...
iiß&Yl]i
OF INTEREST TO
PEOPLE OF THE
PACIFIC COAST
Bard Presents a Memorial
for the Leasing of
Grazing Lands.
John W. Taylor- Socks Appointment
to the Commission to In
vestigate Oriental
Trade.
SpoeUl Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. March 84.
Senator Bard to-day presented in the
Senate the memorial of the Stockmen's
Association favoring the leasing of certain
lands In California for grazing pur
poses. Mr. Bard has also received and
will present in the Senate a copy of reso
lutions adopted by the Los Angeles Cham
ber of Commerce asking that Congress
authorize the publication of a treatise on
curl leaf !n peaches. There has been a
gTeat demand for this work among the
peach growers, and Senator Bard will
HUNTSMEN
THE GUESTS OF
MRS. HARVEY
Enjoyable Breakfast Be
fore Following the
Hounds.
;¦; ¦ " - ' ' * ' 0' ''
Twenty-Mile. Coarse Beginning at
Wellealey Park and, After Many
Variations, Finally Terminat
ing at Burlingame.
Special DUpatoh to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, March 24.— The regu
lar trl-weekly hunt of the San Mateo
Hunt - Club took place to-day from
Wellesley Park, just north of this place,
the laying on of the j hounds occurring
about 8:30 o'clock. >
The hunt breakfast, which preceded the
ride, .: was a most enjoyable affair and
was given in the large barn on the Hop
kins estate by Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey
Harvey. Soon after 1 o'clock the members
of the club and their. guests began to ar
rive and at 1:30 the party was summoned
to the tables. ' The carriage house was
tastily decorated with • the choicest of
cut flowers and the tables were arranged
in a square, the participants in the af
fair being seated on both sides of the
tables. i >>•. ,
'After .the breakfast those who were to
participate In the run mounted their
horses and congregated In one of the
large corrals near the barn. A hurdle
was then placed in position at the exit
and each member of the party took the
leap. -On the outside was stationed a
klnetoscope and a picture was taken of
each person who made the hurdle.
From . here the party repaired to
Wellesley Park and the scent was taken
up. The course led from here up the
Canyada Ramundo to Woodslde; from
Woodside down the canyon through the
lands of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany to the Crystal Spring dam above
San Mateo. and from here to Burlingame,
a distance of about twenty miles.
Among those who sat at the tables
were: Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey,
Miss Mary Crocker. Mrs. Henry T. Scott,
Miss Marie Crockett, George A. Newhall.
D. W. Harvey, John Lawson, Buckley
Johnson, Dr. de Marvllle, Duncan Hayne,
John Casserly, Mr. and Mrs. Walter
Hobart, Joseph Dyer, Miss Mary Scott,
Charles Dunphy, Peter Martin, Mrs.
Russell J. Wilson, Miss Scott. Miss CaB
wallader, Mrs. Winthrop Lester, C. Os
good Hooker, Miss McKlnstry, Frank
Carolan, Joseph Tobln, Miss Kate Clem
ent, Miss Tobin, Richard Tobin. Mr. and
Mrs. Raoul Duval, Charles N. Felton, J.
J. Moore, Perry Eyre, E. W. Hopkins,
Miss Hopkins, Miss Georgiana Hopkins,
Miss Schnaley, Mrs. Loughborough, Mrs.
J. B. Crockett, Miss Marie Wells, Mrs.
Wells. Mr. and Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall.
William H. Crocker, Mr. and Mrs. H. B.
Chase, Miss Murphy. Mrs. W. R. Whit
tier. Miss Josselyn, Walter Martin, Miss
McNutt, Judge J. M. Seawell, Mr. and
Mrs. Robert Oxnard. Mrs. C. R. Winslow,
Miss Hager, Misses Morgan. Mrs. F. 8.
Moody, > Mrs. Beverly MacMonagle. Miss
Cutter, Miss Smith, Mrs. George H. How
ard. Lieutenant Haynes, Mr. and Mrs. M.
8. Wilson. • ¦
Those who followed the hounds on the
twenty-mile run were: Miss Mary Crock
er, Mrs. Henry T. Scott, Miss Mary
Crockett, Miss Mary Scott. Misses Brit
tan, F. J. Carolan, J. J. Moore, Richard
Tobin, Walter Hobart, Charles Dunphy,
Raoul Duval, J. D. Harvey, George ' A.
Parsons, Peter Martin. John Lawson,
Perry Eyre, Duncan Hayne, . Dr. de Mar
vllle.
THE SANH FRANCISCO ICALIj v STJIST>AT, MARCH 25, 1900.
urge the Committee on Agriculture to re
port favorably a resolution providing for
its publication. _
Senator Perkins called at the White
House to-day with Al Gerberding of San
Francisco and introduced the visiting
Californlan to President McKlnley. Repre
sentatives Metcalf and Waters also were
of the party.
The resolution reported from the Senate
Committee on Naval Affairs by Senator
Perkins authorizing the President to ap
point to a cadetshlp at the Naval Acad
emy a brother of Ensign Worth Bagley.
who was killed on the Winslow at Car
denas, passed the Senate to-day. Bagley
was designated to a cadetshlp some time
ago, but with several other young men,
sons of officers killed In the Spanish war,
failed to pass examination. President Me-
Kinley and Secretary Long were much
interested in the case and warmly favored
the passage of the resolution.
The bill authorizing the President to
appoint a commission to study and report
on the commercial conditions of China and
Japan passed tho Senate to-day. Among
those understood to be candidates for
nomination to this commission are Ell T.
Shepard. formerly Consul General to
China; John W. Taylor ex-Superintendent
of Public Schools of San Francisco, and
John Barrett. ex-Mlnister to Siam.
Funeral of Mrs. Wood.
The funeral of Mrs. C. F. Wood, sister
of V?. W. Foote of San Francisco, who
died in Washington on Thursday, took
place to-day from the residence of her
daughter. Mrs. R. W. French, at Alexan
dria. Va. Rev. Mr. Phillips of St. Paul's
Church conducted the services, which
•were attended by a large number of
friends and relatives. Including Mr. Foote
and Senator Stewart and wife. The latter
Is a 6lEter of the deceased. Interment
was made in the Presbyterian cemetery at
Alexandria. , '•. ;;
Pensions for Callfornlans: Original-
Charles B. Jlllson. Hornbrook. $12; George
W. BaEs Genesee. $6. Additional— Horace
Gardner, Santa Ana. $6 to $S. Reissue-
Franklin Hart. North Ontario. $8.
Washington— Original— Francis G. Law
ton. Washougal. JB. Increase— Phllo M.
JCewbury. Humptulips. $S to $10.
The postofflce at Demoss Springs, Sher
man County, Or., has been discontinued.
Mail Ehould be sent to Lori. Clayton E.
Hill has been commissioned Postmaster at
Jamul. Cal. --
The Comptroller of the Currency has
approved the application of J. W. Steams
and others for authority to organize the
First National Bank of Tekoa, Wash.,
with a capital of $25,000.
Bargains in
ENTIRE STOCK OF
HAMILTON-BANCROFT CO.
MUST BE SOLO
Uprights • 650 upwards
Squares • S2O upwards
BYRON MAUZY
308-312 POST ST.
SHCCT MUSIC HALF PRICK TO ALL
DR. MEYERS & CO.'S
CELEBRATED TREATMENT FOR MEN PERMANENTLY CURES
DISEASE AND DEBILITY.
YOU CAN TEST IT BEFORE PAYING MONEY.
ALL REMEDIES AND APPLIANCES FREE TO PATIENTS.
GUIDE TO MARRIAGE— A VALUABLE LITTLE BOOK— FREE.
HOME CURES | Write or Call.
A SPECIALTY. I Letters Confidential.
No Chargo for Consultation and Advice, at Office or by Mail.
DR. METERS * CO. have long be«n recognized as tho moat successful
socialists formen In America. Every member of the staff has made a Ions;
and l careful T rtX ot V^akness and diseases of tho mala sex. and the reme-
dies, methods and appliance* which cure them.
*7 Q f Mil rt fit F\tVG fit ELEVATOR | Hoars-8 to 5 daily.
/ J I ittarJiei Oil 081, Sundays-OtoU.
#W> SAN FRANCISCO. EHJRAhLh. j BTenlnls _7 to 8.
LXATV — FBOal FUJtTTAXT iO, 1900. — AMMXTU
•7:00 a Benlda, Snisnn. Emftra, VacaTilla.
Rmnaey and aacramento *7»48»
•7:OOaSIimU Express-DaTla. Willows,
Bed Blul£ Portland "TrfS*
e7»S»AMarUne».banlUiuon, Vallejo. Naps,
Calistoga anil Santa Kosa *tilSr
•SiSOa Tho OTerland limited— Osden. Den-
?er. Omaha. Chicago •3«1S»
•HiSOiStu Joso, Utermore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento. Flacenrtlle.
Marji»"le. Chlco, lietlltlnff M»HI»
•S:3Oa •Hilton, Oakdale. honor*. Carters... •*«»»»
•»:<>O* Haywarils, Niles and Way Stations. H 1:43 a
•9-MOa XUris, Woodland. Kni^hU Landing.
MarysTille, OroTille. *»t43»
•9iOOa Atlantio Kxpreas-Oeden and East *9:43 a
••iOO a. Martinez, Tncy. Latbrop, Stockton.
Merced and Fresno. »1««1»»
•••••a Port Costs, Freano. Mojato and J*s
Ancelto *«t4»»
• IO:O« a Vallejo. Martlnei and Way Buttons •6s4a»
•11:OOa NUes. LiTermore, Stockton. Sacra-
mento. Mendota, Uanford. Vlsalia.
PcrtOTilla... Mil 3»
¦I *:©«* Haywards. Niles and Way Buttons. *S>43r
tl:OOr Sacramento Kl»er Steamers t»iOO»
•8:OOj> Haywarda, Niles and Way Stations. •3«43»
•4:OOr If artiuex, Nau iUmoii, Vallejo.
Nnpa, CallKtor*. SauU Rou ¦Vilßa ,
MiOOr Beuiela. VacaTlUe. Baeran»*nto,
Womllnnd. Kni^hti Landlue.
MarysvUlo, OroTllie •••s«a
•4:SOTNIIea, San .10-oaud Stockton ....... *7il3a>
•3:OOpTho Owl Liioited— Tracy. Fresno.
Bakenfleld. Saugus for SanU Ear- •
bara, 1^» Anseles. t # l»*taA
a3:oer gnu set Limited— £l Paso. New Or-
leans and East «I»s43a.
•3:SOr Stoekton. Mercoil. Fresno "laUS*
•3:U«r Fresno. ISakerslield. UnnU Kaihara,
Los ADgelcs. Deminf. £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East ¦Si-sßa
•3iß«r Hmita Fn Kotile— A tlaullj Express
-.-»»-- f or Mojafa an<l Ka.it *«t43r
*»t—r Raywarda, Nile* ami >S*n Joso *7i4»a
tS:SUr Vallejo M2»13»
•OiSvrOrienUl Miil— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chlcajo •§»¦«*,
•6** Or Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denver.
Omana, Chlcasa MxtSv
17i««r Vallejo, Port Costa and Way BU-
uons?. :.
•S>*Or Oiegou and California lixprpiui.fao-
ramento. Mftrjmille. Itp<Ullng.
rortUntl. Puzrk Hotiml «ml Kan! »»il3a.
•»» I «a Newark. Uratertille.Saa Jvse. Fel too.
. BonldcrCrrek.SiiDtaCnizaxdWaf
Btatlons... •»>••»
f-iil 3r Newark. Ceotertille. Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton. llouMrr Creek.
SanU Cna and Trindpal Way
¦^-- ¦.- SwUods fl««a«A
Msl.ip Newark. Ban Jose. Los Gatos. **>3«A>
&H:l3r Hunters' Kzcurslcn, San Jose and
WaySUtlonw f7»— 9
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. %
rrom SIS mSCISCO— TnX of liarkit Street (SUa 8)—
*T:IS • 9:00 11:0Oa.u. |I:C3 *2:C3 IJiCS
•i:C3 13:C3 •G:C3rji. :
'romO»tU3B--rc < t«r2ro>4w»T.— -8.-C0 8.00 10:00».W.
tI2:C3 "1:03 J2:C3 »3:C3 14:03 '5:03 rja>
trt:l«A f>c«»ii View, donth h*n Krand.ico.. \9t*t
*7:O«A Bail Jora ami Way Stations (N"«w
Almaden Wednesdays only) *liS#V
•tttOO* Ban J')"«. Tres Finos, Hsuta Cms,
PseiUo Crove. l'aso Hoblea. bta
I.uls Oiiispo. Surf. Lompoo and
Principal Way SUtlnns •4tl«»
•IOt4O« SanJmeaml Way Stations *«iUA
•I1:UOa San Jnao and Way Stations. •«•••»
ta«43r San Mat- o. Kedwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Ban Jose.
Tres Finos. Sauta, Cms. a i'fr"n
Monterey ami Paclflo Grove fltsMA
fS:3Ar San Jose aod Way Stations ...;.... "7t*O9
fl>iarSanJaaflaD(irrincipalWsyBtailooa n)fl3i
?s:oop?aaJo3o and Prind pal Way Stations ft»:€K>A
*Si3op SanJo(aan<lPrlni9pal Way Stations *SiS3a
•«::s«r Saa.losaaud Way Stations tSsOOa.
Hlt4sr San Joggand Way Btatlona •7>3O>>
A for Moraine., I' for Afternoon.
• Sally. f Muu>!sy exeepted. t bund»j only.
b eatozday only.
• Tneadays and Fridays c Thursdays and Sunday*.
r\m ¦"0 Completely eradicated with'
Lv B I B~ out cul " :fc or ty'.nn. N«
I 5P_ fi iJ cure, no pay. For lnforma-
tlon addrrsa S. F. KKCTAX
. INSTITUTE. 1179 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Uallai
on Application.
COAL. COKE A-NO Pia liiOX
3 C WH R Cfl fo ° B*"«T Street.
J- W» nILOViI tt VVM Telephone Main UM.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FtDX. Supt. H. BLYTH. Mgr. "
T W 9MITH Snlp KumMng. ateamboat
V- If • and Ship Work a Specialty. II
and It Washington at. Telephone Main iCU.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
fiQ ROVF^^rfl Bhlpplnc Butchers. 1W
JA> OUlEja \AJ; Qay. TeL Main 1291.
PAPER DEALERS.
WfT I AWFfTR PULP A^' o PAPER OO^
H ILLA.TICI 1C ja Montgomery st.
PRINTIMX
E.C HUGHES. tn^^. T^ B .r.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telgraphl. PARTRIDGE ** °£ JeT*
20GBAPE-NT7TS.
0&00003C9QOOOQ09«9t«90
8 Saved by ' 3
5 Good Food 1
© PMAk g
-=2 Read a doctor's words g
• - about Q
9 S
I Grape -Nuts s
C*SCOOGCCGCCCO©G©©OC©CO
"A short time ago I was called to a
patient who had been given up by his
physician: his stomach would not bear
food and consequently he got no nour-
ishment and was slowly dying from ex-
haustion. He was reduced to skin and
bones. I immediately put him on
Grape-Xuts food and Postum Cereal
* Food Coffee; he could keep both ar-
ticles on his stomach and neither
caused him any pain. He has been using
both the food and the cereal coffee and"
has gained so rapidly that I feel he will
be out of bed in about a week." Dr. C.
Leutwein.
The reason a delicate stomach can
take Grape-Xuts food is that it is pre-
digested by natural means during its
preparation, and even a small babe can
handle it. as it causes no heavy work by
the stomach and digestive appara-
tus. _ On the contrary, being prcdigest-
ed, it is quickly assimilated into blood
and tissue.
The food as well as the Postum Food
Coffee contains elements selected '• from
the grains of the field that are of first
importance to the human body in nour-
ishing and rebuilding it
All grocers keep Grape-Nuts and
Postum.
i
Grant Accepted the Criticism.
An Interesting anecdote of General
Grant is told In - Sir Edward -. Russell's
book of reminiscences. Just published and
entitled "That Reminds Me," says the
New York Mall and Express.' It seem 3
that when General Grant visited; Liver
pool on his famous trip around the world
the Mayor of the city received : a letter
from an unknown man, asking, with many
apologies for the intrusion, . a ; few mo
ments' conversation with the general. The
Mayor hesitated, but showed the letter
to the great soldier.. "Certainly," said
Grant, Instantly, "let the gentleman
come." .
He came and plunged at once into the
midst of the matter which 'evidently was
of such immense interest to him.
"Now, sir," he said to the general, "ut
ter amateur'as I am, I have followed
every step of the war, and think I under
stand every movement' except one. On
such a day you were there and the South
erners were there"— pointing, to plans on
a map that he" had brought. . "Now, It
seems to me that you ought; certainly to
have gone there, whereas you went there"
—pointing againi • ¦-¦-< ¦«¦¦< ¦-- ¦:?
General Grant, the usually taciturn, and
when not taciturn •; phenomenally • terse,
Just took the cigar from his ; mouth and
said : "You're right, sir. Damned - blun
der!", And in a moment the '¦ amateur
strategist, beaming now, was courteously
dismissed. -.^BtHtfitHVSUStSKBSSBtgi
A General Favorite.
He — I never heard of a woman bo gen
erally well liked by you other women as
lirs. Brown is.
She— That* s so. She's a dear old soul.
He— That's what you all say. Why Is
It?
Sh* — Probably because she wears such
plain bonnets and gowns, and never has
anything to make us envious.
Royal Arcanum.
The reports presented at the recently
held session of the Grand Council of the
order at Los Angeles showed a gain of
more than 250 members In this State dur
ing 1529. The grand officers for the current
Arcanum year were installed by George
W. Dixon of this city, deputy supreme
regent, assisted by Harry Goodwin, past
prard regent of Massachusetts and repre
sentative from his State to the Supreme
Council for fourteen years.
At the last he'd mefting of Buena Vista
Council two candidates were admitted by
iritiaticn, making five added to the roll
in six weeks. There are five more to be
received at the nc-rt meeting.
Argonaut Council has arranged to ten
der a reception at its meeting on March
28 to Henry Goodwin of the Supreme
Council. Two candidates will be admit
ted and addresses will be delivered by the
g"ue«t of the evening. L. A. Spencer of
Oakland, the new grand regent for this
State, and Gus Gunzenfiorfer of this city,
the new grand orator.
Sons of Veterans.
Fair Oaks Camp of the Sons of Veterans
of the U. S. A. and the Ladies Relief So
ciety, which Is auxiliary thereto, have ar
ranged for a progressive card party to be
given in the Ruby Hall of the Red Men's
building on next Tuesday evening. The
games will be called at 8:15, and at 10
o'clock there will be dancing.
GOVERNOR LEARY OF
GUAM UNDER FIRE
Allecred to Have Interfered With Be-
ligious Ceremonies on the Lit-
tie Island.
Sr«ial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 24.—Representa
tive Fitzgerald of Massachusetts -wants
the House of Representatives to have full
Information regarding the orders which
Captain Richard P. Leary. Governor Gen
eral of Guam, is alleged to have Issued
Interfering with religious ceremonies and
charch holidays. He introduced a resolu
tion to-lay directing the Secretary of the
Navy,, it .not incompatible .with public in
terests, to transmit to Congress copies of
all . the proclamations Issued by Captain
Leary while acting as Governor General
of Guam.
iMr. Fitzgerald said he had received let
ters from editors of Catholic newspapers
alleging that Captain Leary had issued
orders which tended to Interfere with re
ligious ceremonies and church holidays.
He said he did not know the exact char
acter of the orders complained of, and
had accordingly introduced his resolution
fo as to pet the information before the
House of Representatives.
FATAL FIRE ON
A RANCH NEAR
RED BLUFF
William Cannon Burned to
Death and His Brother
Injured.
Was Awakened by Cries From the
Outside, but All Escape From .*
: the Building Was
Cut Off.
RED BLUFF, March 24. — Word was re
ceived here this morning of a fatal fire
which occurred last night on the Corrigari
ranch, \ near Paskenta, in which William
W. Cannon was burned to death and his
brother, Walter. Cannon, was very seri
ously if- not also fatally burned.
-¦ -The -sfire occurred* at a late ;, hour last"
night and nothing |is j known . as : to how
it originated. The men were sleeping and
were aroused by calls from outside, but
too late for one of them to escape. Walter
Cannon, though, badly burned, managed
to run to Paskenta. a distance of a mile,
for help. Both were well-known young
men of this. county, aged, respectively;* 30
and 28 years. '
A small blaze also occurred in this city
last night. The loss was about $500, Insur
ance $400. - ¦:- ¦¦ ''¦
KRUTTSCHNITT
DEFENDS THE
RELIEF PLAN
Says the Railroad Is Not
Forcing Its Employes
Into It.
Delegation Will Meet Him in This
City and Bequest That the
Scheme Ba Aban
doned.
S;*k:l«J DlagtLtea to Tt« Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 24.-C P. Hunt-
Ingtoh, when questioned concerning the
I>ropos«<3 relief Insurance plan, referred*
the Inquirer to General Manager Krutt-
Kchnltt.
"The company has no Intention now and
never contemplated to r«cede from its
position «s first taken In the matter of th«
relief plan for our employes," Krutt
echnltt said. "The circulars as posted
speak for themselves, and the additional
circular that was issued on March 6 by
telegraph after the meeting of the divi
sion superintendents, at which Mr. Muir
¦was present to further explain the com
pany's plan, emphasizes our position' and
intention. V. r e have not found cause to
•withdraw the proposed plan of relief that
benefits the employes."
When informed that meetings had been
held at various towns by Southern Pacific
employes and that they protested against
the action of tne company, Kruttschnitt
eaid:
"No cause for unrest should come to our
«*rnployes. Those who do not wish to sign
the agreement need not. We shall not
u.«e a cudgel to drive any one. The com
pany is not in this to make money for it
eelf, but is following the plans as adopted
by the Baltimore and Ohio and Pennsyl
vania Central. Not a man on those Une3
would to-day go without the protection
that is offered by the system, that is be
yond the stage of experiment. "The Infer
ence was not disguised that in the future
every man entering the company's employ
•would be called upon to sign the agree
ment before his name appeared on the
payroll.
"If A. B and C out of 100 men who apply
do not wish to comply with the company's
known requirements and regulations. P.
R. S and Z will, and you will never find
lh« company at a standstill because it
larks sufficient men to run every depart
ment.** - ;;• -v';
The Call is in a position to state
that es soon as Manager Kruttschnitt
returns to the city he will be waited
npon by a delegation of seventy-five
employes of the road, representing
the various organizations of train
men, shop and yard employes, who
will demand of him that the insur
ance plan be abandoned.
LAMBTON IS
THE IDOL OF
THE CHILEANS
Present Fame Revives Story
-of the Bombardment
of Callao.
Compelled Vessels to Stop Tiring on
the City Until Non-Combatants
Were Taken to a Place
of Safety.
THE ./-BAH/ FBAKJOIBOO CALL, SIJIO)AY^ >MARCSH 25, 1900.
21
NICHOLSON
WITHDRAWS HIS
FAMOUS SUIT
Has Been Before the Supe
rior Court for Twenty
Three Decisions Have Been Given in
• His Favor and Each Reversed
. \ by the Supreme
Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. March 24.— The suit of Mur-
doch i Nicholson vs.. Winifred C. Tarpey
et aL, "which ha 3 been pending In the
Superior Court, of -this county for twenty
years and decided three times for plain
tiff and as [ many, times reversed by the
• Supreme r Court, vvras dismissed Thursday
On motion of : Attorneys Morehouse * and
Hambly for plaintiff.
7 The case has been a sensational on© and
.full . of tragedy. Nicholson's wife waa
shot by John Tarpey, . husband •of the
principal defendant, 'and in turn Tarpey
was lynched for the crime. The suit grew
out of a land ¦ transaction in Monterey
County.: Nicholson, who lived- in San
Francisco, purchased a tract of land from
Tarpey. He supposed, it is alleged, he
was buying. 76o acres of land, but when
he sent his* wife down to occupy It. - it
was found only 320 acres had been trans
ferred |to him. •.*: Trouble arose 5 over the
matter and in a quarrel one day with
Mrs. Nicholson , Tarpey shot her. A day
or "two later Tarpey was lynched by the
citizens of that section. Before being
hanged he denied ' any intent of killing
Mrs. Nicholson and said he had flred at
Nicholson's hired man, who had attempt
ed to shoot,. and just as he, pulled the
trigger Mrs. Nicholson stepped in front
of the hired man. - .¦¦ * :
The suit In question was then brought
against Taroey's widow to recover the
balance of the land alleged to have been
purchased. While this famous suit was
dismissed, it is not the end of this long
litigation, for another suit Is pending in
Monterey County.
WORDS OF WELCOME
PALE
SICKLY
SUFTERINQ
WOMEN
WEAK
NERVOUS
HACCARD
MEN
"HTJDYAN cures." These are certainly
words of welcome, for they are words of
*«. truth. HUDYAN
J does cure, and
,^-k /f permanently, too.
Cv* -»??k/ WOMEN who
/Jdyv^fl suffer with head-
W^T'^CT aches a>, hoUow
fL2£*iM&t2l «yes or dark
n^Ml|t^ _ rings under eyes
fc'^lS*" W i fac* (3). coatM
-T* l^. 'Jf f- O tongrue (4>. palpi-
«S-Wj tation of heart
A"*" /s&A " <5> . i n d le^stlon
• £-* (6^» need HXJ&—
PrfJj^CT^^L " sy m ptoms are
9&?3t:£££f-"kJi*\ ¦ secondary to fe-
«?- i **R*4/Sei'*l male weakaeaa.
HvwtvtsHyLS'*:™ and are forerun-
B&jjr^K^jJsj&'Sf ners of morß se-
menses, nervous-
K^^Jr^4J?^§l <!ue to uterlae or
MXj%s3&^ii*s'm!mjk disappoint you.
v strength to . the
entire system. HUDYAN will relfev» 7011
of your pains.
MKN, you
who are run
whose n c rv- &
as a result of A 'te^Wsw^
overwork. Sri tS^*\
worry or any 4^-lb-*A \ I fc* l^
other strain X!' : " -i V Os^l
upon the f&£s ? \Bsi&\
nerves, HUD- Liz*?t %£**&
VAN will cure [g&A a W*^
b«>st restora- fi^iMz' Ris«
tlve. of vital K^£*s& *\° >*§¦
hudyaS: In- Mw^" »
vigorates mfn vVt?***^^^^ «rf*v|cf
who are weak, If/S i|^©SM/^
and allays O^S^f^J®*^ —
nervous Irri- •—^^•^^?.'SsvC^"»r
tdbility. Men",— -& o *&&Vs§%sS»
who cannot 1 \ wa v£S©>3i|
s\b"p at niarht. V> fc SSSsfeiijL»
men who are !
cry . sense of J-± --*^^R?*^^^«F
the word, who ' V
s v IT c r with .*"¦ «>¦ BGjfe^*^fly
headaches (5), ll B^^^"*"" '
sunken eyes 11 C'J^^f
w^eakne.ss (r!), 11 £"^3^^^
pc sts t ton (2), A '^'S^^'i^!
torpid liver \J^>*vi plS*tj
j^ pOY A. N J^
cures p 1 d di-
memory, lack
of energy, tremblings, nausea, ringing In
ears, pains In joints and muscles. HUD-
YAN cures eostiveness, palen«*ss. emacia-
tion want of confidence and all conditions
.that arise from overtaxing the nerves.
HUDYAN cures all such conditions per-
manently, and brings strength, • vigor,
energy, activity.
r.VT HITnViV From jaar draesist. 50c a
UCI nUUIA.I package, fix packages W 50.
If he floes not keep It, send direct to the HtTD-
YA.V REMEDY CO.. cor. Stockton. Ellis and
Market sts., San Francisco. Cal.
a — ? of tb« HudyaQ Remedy
InnrTODC I Co. may be coosulted
JJUL 1 UriO I by letter or In persoQ.
4. * Write your synr ptoms.
SE>TD TOR CIRCITI^AKS A.ND TESTIMO-
NIALS OF THE GREAT HUDYAN J.FREE.
lAT AUCTION!
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY - March 27. 1900.
'- .AT 13 O'CLOCK. NOON. AT
Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street
PARTITION "SALE.
The followins properties must b« «oM "la
order to close an estate; proceeds to be divided
amass heirs.
South ?td*. Nos. 1013-21-3 Sutter st.. I 17:«
west of H;da st. ; Improvements, 3 front house*.
9 rooms and bath; ! rear houses; total rents
1161 P« month: lot 57:fix137:«.
North »!de. Nos. 30 to JJ Lewis st.. SO feet
east of. Jones: 1 modern flats of -8. 8 and 4
rooms and bath; rents £3 pec month; lot 27:8
xs7:6.
East side Valencia »t.. 135 south of Fifteenth:
ground alone 30i100l
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
The following properties will be sold to satis-
fy. Claims etc: terms, one-quarter cash, bal-'
a nee one. two. three years. Interest 9 per cent:
WK side of Clayton st.. 137:4 north of
Halcht: 50x10<5:3. .-. ¦• ¦ -.
South side Pare st.. 131^ west of Cole, 50x153.
Northwest corner of Buah and Pierce rts.; JOx
ioo *'¦>¦- ¦• ¦¦¦
South side of Page. 112:« east of Clayton. Sx
11!: S. I- — ¦jiiwwi P i nJUJi^JlUiip'ati '
North side Liberty st.. 155 east Sanchez. ZOx
114. * i
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
North side Jackson at., SO west of Cherry: lots
25-10x90. ' .- •jja.f^i*— ¦ *iiijiM>ii»«sßß^*aawattßaß
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE. •
Northeaat comer Seventeenth and Noe sts. :
North side Seventeenth »»n- 17:8 west Prosper;
17:6x107:8.
Northeast corner Seventeenth and ' Prosper
ets.: Kx7l:«. «
, WESTERN ADDITION BCILDINO LOT.
¦West side Flllmore. 97 south of Bush; 23xK».
-- ¦ MISSION COTTAGES.
"West side, . Nob. SO4-« Shot welt. S3 :V6 south
of Twenty-«e«ond ; two well-built cottases of 5
rooms and bath each: lot 56xS«,
Catalogues to be bad at office on application.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
. 63S Market Street. \-.
DJJLIULL'S KELNYIGOKATOR^^g
Five buadred reward (or any j^«*fc3
case we cannot cure. This secret S^^
remedy stop* * all loase* In 24 [1 , -, h
bours, cures Emission*. Impo- «fej E.--ii
tency. Varicocele. Gonorrhoea, f/JTfl C77n
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost 'iASi |*^i
Manhood and all wasting cCects
ol • self-abnse or excesses. Sent TZHZ~:
•ealed, V bottle; 3 bottles »s:pjarante«<l to
cure aW case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 555 Broadway. OakUnd. Cat. Also
tor sale at 1073H Market st.. S. F- - All prtvat*
diseases quickly cured.- Send for frea book.
;--«'C(^ai(»g |^^3g remedy for Gonorrhcea.
Ol«-t. 3permatorrhte«»
mjjr-JTla 1 *a S 4«y«.\« Whitea. unnitnri! IU,
JK/ ounm«l J| th,ire»». or any inflt— <ma>
M*fcW dm » urtKin, tion, i irritation or uicer*»
P> iq?r»Ttna cnatxtf-aa. tlon of dseoni mrak-
Vif^ ChOIHATi.O fLZJI *° I- ?* *' r"«*i""»r "«* i ""»
JJ^fNJl' '*>£'*l b? eiprew. pr?paic!,T3
Weak Men and Wpmen
SHOtTLD USE. DAMIAN A, BITTERS. THE
greats Mexican .remedy; gives ; health and
strength to sexual organs. -Depot. £3 Market.
Come and Take Your Pick
Out of 1000 pairs "of ladles' $4 , arid $3 kid
shoes for Jl io a pair; 2000 pairs of misses'
and children's %l 60 and 1 $2 : shoes " for 60
cents. On sale to-morrow (Monday) at
9 a. m. First come, first served. • "The
Standard," 1029 Market ' street, between
Sixth and Seventh. . • - •
Warrants for Chinese Murderers.
Gee Kee, 721 Dupont street, swore to
complaints In Judge Conlan's court yes
terday for the arrest of Tee Hop, Louie
Poy and Young Sing on the charge of
murder. They are accused of shooting
and killing Tee Wy in the Jackson-street
Theater on January 15. Louie Poy is al
' ready ; In ¦. the City Prison on the charge
of murdering the two Chinese butchers.
Low Sun and - Pon Kue, at 635 Jackson
street "recently.
More Money for the Teachers.
Auditor Wells announces that on
Wednesday he will pay the school teach
ers an additional installment of IS per
cent of their salaries for November and
December out of the inheritance tax fund.
He also has on hand about J7OOO of the
money which has been tied up In the liti
gation with the merchants, which is now
available for the teachers and which will
reimburse them for the amounts they
have*been assessed to carry on the con
test.
HOUSE PASSES
THE PORTO RICAN
RELIEF MEASURE
De Vries of California Among
the Democrats Who_ ] r . r ..
Vote "Aye."
Adoption of a Resolution Looking
Toward the Erection of a
Memorial to General
Grant.
WASHINGTON. March 24.— After a
brief and spirited debate the House to
day took the last Congressional step In
completing the Porto Rlcan bill, agreeing
to the conference report by, a vote of 135
to 67. The bill turns over to the Presi
dent, for the use-of Porto Rico, about
$2,000,000 of customs receipts collected on
Porto Rican goods up to January 1 last,
and such amounts as may hereafter ac
crue until otherwise provided by law. The
debate lasted but an hour, but in this
time the" whole range of Porto Rican leg
islation was discussed.
Mcßae of Arkansas, . a member of the
conference committee, spoke in opposi
tion to the report and severely criticized
the general course of recent legislation
toward Porto Rico. He read the resolu
tion of the lowa House of Representa
tives, condemning the Porto Rican tariff
bill, and those of • the New York : Board
of Trade on the. same subject. In every
solemn crisis, he said; the American peo
ple might be ' relied upon to make - their
wishes known in unmistakable terms.
Such a crisis was now at hand' and Porto
Rico, having asiied a fulfillment of prom
ises and an opportunity to relieve her
distressed people's was :to be given this
opportunity in the form of a relief bill.
"Will the American people submit to
this outrage?" he asked. "If the leaders
of the party In power, believe the people
do not understand this question they will
speedily their mistake."
Press Editorials Barred.
Pierce of Tennessee, Wilson of South
Carolina, Cochran of Missouri and Cox
of Tennessee also . opposed the report.
Richardson, the Democratic floor leader,
asked leave to print in the Record some
editorial press criticisms on the | subject.
Dolliver of. lowa objected. Richardson
declared that this was most ungracious, to
which Dolliver answered that he doubted
the propriety of reprinting newspapers In
the Record. - ; ¦ ; .• •
Williams -of Illinois'. Ridley of Kansas,
Levy of New York and Finlay of South
Carolina followed. In opposition to the re
port. Several of the speakers made refer
ence to a published report that the Porto
Rico ; tariff bill was designed to secure
campaign funds. Payne of New "York,
chairman of the Ways and Means ; Com
mittee, denied the, report that any cam
paign fund, was designed , in the' bill, and
Renounced as . false the statement that
such reports emanated from members on
the Republican side of the. chamber. -\ ,
Cannon of Illinois closed .the debate in
support of the conference. He declared
that the . minority, like : cuttlefish; were
trying ¦to muddy the waters and divert
attention from themselves. But the peo
ple would recognize the fact that the mi
nority opposed - this - practical r measure of
relief to the Porto Rlcans. For a half
century the - Democratic policy ( had ; been
one which would have carried the Govern
ment to anarchy and destruction, y: Now
that party was posturing - and ; asking
power- under false pretenses. ' There -was
great applause and laughter ; as Cannon
closed with the „ declaration that .-• the
American people would not be deceived by
this posturing, but "would kick you out
and "send you down to everlasting perdi
tion." ,; .- : ¦¦ v ' ¦.";¦: '¦;<:] .v-v. : y-.. > ; ¦•-,-;•-
De Tries Votes for the Report.
At 1 o'clock an aye and , no vote was
taken on the report and It was agreed to,
ayes 135, noes ; 87; ; present and not voting
20. The vote , was on ¦ party ¦ lines, except
that a ¦ number; of Democrats < and s inde
pendents voted with ' the I Republicans for
the report, viz.: Bell of Colorado, Chan
ier of > New York; ¦ Cochran •of s Missouri.
Cummings of New s York,? Davenport ; and
Stanley of Pennsylvania, Davey of Louisi-^
ana, Be .Vries ; of California, Meekison ol
Ohio, -Newlands ; of ¦: Nevada, * Scudder ¦'¦ of
New York, Shafroth of ; Colorado;* Thayer
of f Massachusetts, f. Wilson of ¦ Idaho - ; and
Wilson of South Carolina. . ': ¦-¦':. .---*>
Speaker. - Henderson . at ;• once ; signed i the
engrossed bill '¦¦ and « it* went .to the • Presi
dent ; pro tern., preliminary to being pre-"
sentea : to: the President.*,
The resolution of Cummins of New York
requesting ; of the Secretary iof State ¦ In
formation and correspondence relating to
th« "open door" In China was on motion
of Chairman Hltt of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs agreed to.
McCleary of Afinnesota called up the
bill appropriating $10,000 to secure plans
for a suitable memorial to Ulysses S.
Grant to be erected in Washington. Mc-
Cleary paid a glowing tribute to Grant
and appealed to members, North and
South, to unite in favor of the measure*
The bill was unanimously passed. :
Bills were passed governing the trans
portation of dutiable goods at Laredo,
Eagle Pass and El Paso, Tex.
Steele of Indiana renewed his request,
that Saturday afternoon, April 14, be set
aside for the reception of the statue of
Governor Oliver P. Morton of Indiana-
Fitzgerald of Massachusetts, who object
ed to this request yesterday, explained
that he did so In order to draw the atten
tion of ; the country to- the fact that
through bigotry and prejudice there had
been no -reception *v?- this ;, ttme"of :the
statue of', -"Father • Marquette. ¦ given by
Wisconsin to. the nation.; He did not press
the objection, and the order was made for
receiving Governor Morton's statue.
The House then devoted itself to eulo
gies to the late Representative Epes of
Virginia. Resolutions of respect and eu
logy were passed, and, at 3:05 p. m., as a
further mark of respect, the House.ad
journed. •
Preparations for the street carnival are
progressing so rapidly that every day dis
closes more vividly the Immensity of, the
scheme. The streets surrounding the
magnificent Capi tol Park are to be de
voted to the display which is to continue
dally and nightly from April 30 to May 5.
One firm is tJT expend JIOOO on one, booth,
while the offers for space from all sources
Justify the belief that the carnival will be
one of great beauty and ¦ Interest. The
Native Sons and Daughters of the Golden
West, who gave such a successful Dewey
day floral festival last year, have resolved
to combine that feature with the street
carnival this year, and it is over this ex
hibition of Sacramento's floral wealth
that the queen now being voted for with
such spirit is to reign.
MISS MAY McADAMS.
SACRAMENTO, March 24.— The vot
ing to-day for May Queen showed
Miss May McAdams In the lead, and
her friends assert that there could
not be a fairer ruler for the floral
parade, which is to be one of the leading
features of the approaching street fair
and trades carnival, j Miss McAdams Is of
a type midway between blonde and bru
nette, and Is tall and graceful. So spir
ited has the voting grown that it Is not
improbable that the choice of to-day will
not be the choice of to-mprrow, although
the lead has been ¦ shared the past . few
days by Miss McAdams and Miss M.
Wise, who to-day was a close second on
the list.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, March 24.— Now that
all the world Is talking of the heroic deeds
of the Naval Brigade at Ladysmith 1 and
all the illustrated papers are printing the
portrait of ' Captain Lambton, R. N.. who
divided the honors with ' General White
for the successful defense of the Natal
town against such large odds, : Victorians
are recalling many stories of the little
captain who was here some years ago in
command of the Warsplte when that ves
sel was the flagship on this station. Lady
smith is not the only siege at which" he
has won glory, although In the other— of
which naval men on this coast still talk —
he was not with. the beleaguered forces
and not himself exposed to the shot and
shell. It was in the bombardment of
Callao that Captain Lambton became first,
known to fame, and never will he be for
gotten by the people of that port and
others along the Chilean coast.- Because
of the -part he played in the memorable
tihllean revolution a statue of the captain
was erected some years ago, and still
adorns one of the plazas of Callao. It
would not be well for any one, to profess
Ignorance of Captain Lambton at Callao,
Corlnto, Iqulque or anywhere in that
vicinity, for Captain Lambton Is both hero
and demigod in Chile.
It was when Captain Lambton was sta
tioned at Esquimau as flag captain of the
Warsplte, then the flagship of Admiral
Hotham, that she played her part in the
historical and dramatic events culminat
ing in the revolution. Hostilities were in
progress when the Warsplte , went to Cal
lao and the town was then under bom
bardment by several of the old Govern
ment ships, some of which were after
ward destroyed by the revolutionists.
Scanning the bombarded town with his
glasses, Captain Lambton saw that there
were women and children huddled about
the streets, where shells were shrieking
and screaming, carrying death and de
struction to the Chileans and the women
and children. Captain Lambton'a humane
feelings and his indignation that such
things were permitted under the name of
war were at once aroused and he at once
signaled to the bombarding ships to cease
firing until he removed the women and
children. No attention was paid to the
string of signals flown from the Warspite
and the bombardment continued. Down
came the signals and more were run up.
This time the signal was a command, not
a request. The flags read, "Cease firing
until women and children can be removed
or we shall open flre on you." At the
same time an otricer was dispatched from
the Warsplte to the firing Chilean ship
and then the orders were given from the
bridge of the British ship to clear the
decks for action. The guns were un
masked and ammunition hurriedly brought
up. ; The crew tumbled to quarters with
enthusiasm, naked as the men who fought
with Nelson's fleet.
It was only for a moment. The Chileans
saw that the British: wardogs were
aroused and were prepared to more than
show their teeth. The cannonading ceased
as If by magic and before the boat had
got back to the warship from the Chilean
vessel the harbor was clear of; smoke.
Then a landing . party was formed and
amid the cheers of the town the British
tars, headed by Captain Lambton. saw to
the safe bestowal of the non-combatants.
It was for this act that Captain Lambton
was made a demigod by the people of
Chile and his name made the synonym re
vered as a. knight of modern chivalry. . It
is for this act that the statues. have been
erected in the plazas and for this that
he enjoys the freedom of nearly all the
towns of Chile. A cheery, whole-souled
fellow in the clubs or wardroom, a lion in
battle and as tender-hearted as a' woman
to the weak and helpless, such is the Cap
tain, the Hon. Hedworth Lambton, hero
of Callao and hero of Ladysmith.
Preparations for the Street Carnival Pro
gressing Rapldlu, arid: It Promises -to
Rival That of Last Year.
MISS McADAMS LEADS
IN MAY QUEEN CONTEST
ISSUES OF THE
DAY DISCUSSED
BY HUNTINGTON
Railway' Magnate Favors
Expansion, but Opposes
the Canal.
"While Believing We Should Hold the
Philippines, He Shies at Water
Transportation From
Sea to Sea.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. March 24.-Collls P.
Huntington, president of the Southern
Pacific, who has come to the coast to at
tend the annual meeting of directors at
San Francisco in April, spoke to-night in
no uncertain terms on the question of ex
pansion, nor did he shrink from uttering
a loyal sentiment In behalf of President
McKinley. ,-.%£
"It Is never too late to deprecate even
if we would the action of our Government
resulting from the recent war with
Spain," the magnate said. "I am not one
of those who like to put chucks under the
wheels of progress; nor do I believe in
trying to defeat the aims of my Govern
ment after it has taken a decided step
and is committed to a policy. I am not
one of those who, while our soldiers are
lighting under the American flag in the
Philippines, would aid the enemy by de
of the Government. I believe in uphold
ing the President's hands in the march he
is leading, and I am always for tne flag,
whether at home or abroad.
"This country has a great work to do.
War cairn; and . went, and I believe It is
better for the world that the islands that
came to us as the result of that war
should be under the stars and stripes
than that they should have remained un
der the tlag of Spain, as it ought to be —
and 1 believe will be— better for the peo
ple of these islands to be with us, and
better lor us, provided we should deal
fairly and liberally with them, for the.*
vviij rarely pay us in kind.
"All the islands that we" have taken we
must keep and deal with their people nrm
ly but kindly so that they will not only
love but respect us. Let us give to tne
Filipinos a good government that will be •
an object lesson to all the people of East
ern Asia. In doing this we shall widen
our sphere of influence so that the mil
lions of people in China will welcome our
incoming, knowing that we mean them no
harm, l^et us ask all the peoples of the
world to join with us in giving to the
Chinese such moral support, -if nothing
else, as [ will induce , them to build up out
of the material they have a great homo
geneous empire with all the doors of com
merce open to all the nations of- the
earth."
Opposes the Isthmian Canal.
Willie Mr. Huntington favors the open
door and the supporting of the adminis
tration, he opposes the building of the
Nicaragrian canal.
"The time to expostulate," he said, "is
now, before anything is done by the Gov
ernment toward building the Nicaragua
canal, and every citizen has a right to say
what he thinks. With "the first shovelful
of earth to start the work the people will
be committed to a work that will cost
more millions than they dream of and
more lives than all the work done since
man has existed. I place the cost at $250,-
OuO.OOO and can only Bee a small income to
pay the Interest, without reckoning the
cost of maintenance.
"They tell us that the Nicaragua canal
is a military necessity, but I think not;
in fact, I think the arguments against
It on military grounds ought to be con
vincing. With such a canal open to ail
the nations of the earth, in time of war
none of them would have an advantage
over the other. AH the great nations of
Western Europe could send their ships
of war through it so as to reach our west
ern coast, ear in twenty-five days. With
out the canal, they would have to send
their battleships around Cape Horn or
go through the Straits of Magellan, oc
cupying say eighty days, and the enemy
could prevent our using the canal the
same as we could prevent their using it,
so that It would ""seem to me that the
best thing to be done in time of war
would be to blow up the locks in order
that no ships could use the canal.
"I do not believe In the Nicaragua canal,
because I have made a study of the
question after an experience of sixty odd
years in business life. I believe that In
advocating the enormous expenditure re
quired to build the canal the American
people will be making a costly mistake,
financially and commercially, and an
enormous blunder In military policy."
Southern Pacific's Political Code.
When Mr. Huntington was asked
whether the Southern Pacific was out of
politics, it seemed to be a new inning at
the bat that he long had sought.
"The Southern Pacific Is not in politics
has never been in politics, as the term is
used in California," Huntington remarked;
"but when it comes to interfering, with
our Interests or demanding that we sub
mit to wrongful policies the company
meets the occasion with a shotgun policy
and halts the enemy. The principle of
self-preservation is the Inherent right of
all Individuals, and the - theory that it
should not extend to corporations must
have a new Interpretation before it Is
believed on our system. We are not mak
ing politicians, and neither are we break
ing political slates. We have our own ball
of yarn to knit on. We only knock back
when some one bumps our heads."
Huntington says that the coast line will
be completed by November. He declares
that the report of a combination between
the Santa Fe and the Southern Pacific Is
too silly to be seriously treated, and says
that as the forfeiture of the San Pedro
harbor contract was made while he was
In Guaymas. he had no flnger in its abro
gation, no matter how" much the public
might believe to the contrary.
Before he retired Huntington conferred
with W. F. Herrin, J. C. Stubbs, William
Sproule. Julius Kruttschnitt and John
Muir of Los Angeles. In reply, to an in
quiry regarding the construction and com
pletion of the Carson and Colorado line,
lately acquired from D. O. Mills, he said
that the line would be constructed from
Mojave to Keeler. While the plans were
well formulated, orogress might be slow,
owing to the high price of steel and the
inability of foundries to take large con
tracts for bridge work.
Mr. Huntington will • leave for Santa
Barbara to-morrow and. may also visit
Santa Monica. A run as far as Goleta
will be made on the new coast division.
It Is commented upon that President Rip
ley of the Santa Fe also is resting at
Santa, Barbara.
AND IT IS SO EASY TO BE STRONG!
Positively \ DR, T. A. SANDEN'S / The
r ll ore \ ELECTRIC BELT! / waY||DA|
CURIV V (patented, /. v NATURAL
Varicocele, 4$ \l9op MODEL. /S^ Application
\ BROAD /
If ll6llfTlcitlSfTlv •• * :V GELrfLt A.- ®* |* ( 3lUr©:S_
Lum go, NEVER SOLD r ||pj| THERE IS BUT uwnKemea >V
Sciaticft, IffeJli ONE Electricity,
Nervousness, DRUG-STORES : : SANDEN BELT. by the
. . . CTRADE MARK) . ,
Insomnia, */*•¦ "~\ Most
ha / Special \ •
Kidney, A \ Natural
Bladder $T / Attachments \%^ and
and Urinary / for the Cure Of V Efficacious
Troubles. / Ailments of Women. \ Method.
¦ --Free ApviGSE---orncß Hours:9;to 6| SunaaßsJO to l.
..¦• ; Free. Book- "Three Classes or Men," Sent to Ann, Address.
HR T A. QANDFN Cor. Market, OTarrell and Grant Aye.,
Ulll ll Hi OnllULll} SftN FRANCISCO, CAU
119J;SoutU; Spring; St., Lois /Angeles, CaL Rxissel Building, Portland, Oregon.
. ..V.. ¦?-¦.- --:.,. . -¦¦.¦¦¦- N.» ¦;¦.......-.¦. ' • . - - . .
¦-... ..... -..,. . .-. ..,-.•- ¦-- s> *v. -> .-. .. ..•;.. ¦ - -::,- -i. ¦¦-¦ -.:>.i- - ..-.'-¦-..-• . . - ¦ . - ¦For the Complexion For Red Rough Hands
To purify and beautify tbs skin and 80XK the hands, on retiring, in strong,
prerent pimples, _ggSl *Ob*. _^»— — -^botlather of Ctm-'
blotches, black- J£&"%*%§&i2>r*y ~Z3» cura Soap.
heads, redness, *b mssZT"^ Thoroughly
roTighnees, veOlow, ci^V'^VrVS^T X\ 1 a . i « • »
chipping, un, B nn: teSt &} V freely wUh Ccn-
burn, and many S»^^4 v -^3/ W — CCKA ' Ointment,
other forms of Bkin Ir~\ /*^A c great skin cure and purest of emol-
blemishes, no other / > \f lients. Wear during the night old, loose
skin or complexion poap is for a mo- kid gloves. For red, rough, chapped
ment to be compared with Ccticura hands, dry, fissured, itching, and feverish
Soap, because no other soap reaches the palms, shapeless nails with painful finger
cause, viz., the dogged, irritated, or in- ends, this one night treatment is simply
/aroed condition of the Porks. wonderful, •
For Hair and Scalp For Sanative Uses
Shampoo with CuncmtA Soap, rinse Its ' remarkable emollient, cleansing,
with warm water, /"-wk #*-n purifying properties, de-
dry and apply a / Tf^V *fi£L \ rivod from Ccticoba, the
light dressing of/ |P\ VVs^^ S~C "^JI Kre&t \ Bkin cure, warrant
CtrriccEAj purest / ttJ f vLr^ "thousoof CtmccRASoAP,
of emollients, I |l \-^^4*h / \V IF in tho -form of .baths for
gently rubbed into I W (X yi\ annoying irriUtions. . In-
tbe scalp. Ibis I >. /> V-^/ \ "V« /L flammations.andchanngs,
simple, refresh- X \*Jz')frjP I— X-*' for too freo or offensive
ing, and inexpen- VJV \/l perspiration, and also ih the form of in-,
eive treatment QVP^ 11 7^ ternal washes and solutions for ulcerative
trill soothe irn- V A J\ J\ weaknesses, and for many sanative anti-
Uted and itching surfaces, stimulate tho septic purposes which readily suggest
hair follicles, clear the scalp and hair of themselves to women, and especially to "¦
crusts, scales, and dandruff, 6npply the mothers. The use of Ccticttra Ointment
roots with energy and nourishment, and with Ccticcra .-Soap; will, also be of
make the hair grow, when all else fails, advantage in the severer cases. ¦
Complete External and Internal Treatment of Every Humor.
CUTICURA Owntatine of Cirriccs* Soap m^teeWnK the »kln.CrTtcr*t O-nmu>nt(Soe.), tosltev '¦
THE SET $1 23 *J cl^ I "Vf*s £s*'J h * •«;••««» Cmcim* lU«Ji.»«-.r (We), to cool .ml cl«uu« th. blooi
**» Cmem. _Cw, 6«U fttrpt, baton. "U»w to Car. Emj Uumoi." t m. »»»™- ""»»»"
Novel Scheme for Handling Freight at Nome.
ANNIE THOMAS
IS NOW GIVEN
UP FOR LOST
King David That Sailed Four
Months After Her Has
Reached Port.
Tramp Steazner Benmohr to Have
Permanent Hepairs Made in Eng
land—Hospital Ship Missouri's
Doctors Ordered to Manila.
The British thip Annie Thomas, now out
231 days from Cardiff for Acapulco, has been
given up for lost by the underwriters. She
sailed on July 19 and has not been heard
from since she was spoken near the Horn
Jr. October last, with her foretopgallant
mast gone. There is riow being offered S5
and as high as 90 per cent to reinsure the
vessel and carpo. with no takers.
The Anr.ie Thomas left Cardiff for Aca
pulco on July 29, and the King Dax-ld left
the same port also bound for Acapuleo on
November IC, nearly four months later. On
March 22 the King David reached her
A T\ v K. K.TTR-KM V MTfl,
A modern Atlantic liner must earn
about $80,000 per trip before • a penny of
profit Is made.
DAVID H. FANNING.
is one of the East's most representative
business men and is recognized through
tout' the country. . as- the leader in the
corset world. • The history |of his life Is
most Interesting, ; covering a period of
over fifty years of . business activity and
success. He is the founden, owner and
president of the Royal Worcester. 1 Corset
Company, .the largest institution .< of .its
kind with the most perfectly ¦ appointed
factory in the world. - The dally output
is over a thousand dozen corsets, and
more than one hundred and seventy-five
shapes are made. The company produces
goods of so superior a style and. quality
that European manufacturers are unsuc
cessfully striving to imitate them. Mr.
Fanning will leave shortly for the East
via the Ogden route. -.'.r^'^ -* ; :•
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
• E. H. Cox, a banker of Madera/'is at tha
Palace.
D.; Clark, a well-known miner of Spo
kane, is at the Lick." _- . . .; •
•H. D. Robins of , the United States navy
Is a guest at the Grand. -
P. Charleboys, a prominent merchant of
Ventura, 'is at the L,ick.r.
E. Dlnkelspiel, editor of the Suisun Re
publican, is at the Grand. ,
L. C. Bunker, a well-known merchant of
Ukiah, 1b at the Russ House.
R. Lk Peeler, assistant adjutant general
of California, is at. the California. .
.A.; G.; Hubbard, a "prominent capitalist
of Redlands, is at; the Occidental.
Douglas 8.; Cone, a • prominent rancher
of Red Bluff, is registered at the: Palace.
Dr. ,H.>. E. V Lacy , a\ celebrated ¦ woman
physician , of Chicago, Is a guest lat the
Occidental.
J. F. Rooney,: a. prominent attorney of
Sonora, Tuolumne County, is registered at
the Occidental. ; :
Bishop Spauldlng, head of the Episcopal
church of' Colorado, and family are stay 7
ing at the Occidental. -
C , H. v Miles, local ; : passenger; agent of
the Chicago, Minneapolis and. St.; Paul
Railroad , Company," returned , last night
from an extended business. trip." •
; . F. E.; Fisk, ' general "agent ot '. the Chica
go,> Minneapolis ' and , St. ? Paul ., Railroad
Company at ', Los i Angeles} . is rln j the > city
on : business , connected ;.with' his 'company.
• ' Percy, L. r . Sinclair," Pacific ' Coast ¦ freight
and passenger agent of .the Chicago,' Min
neapolis and ' St. : Paul IRailroadr. wwhso s has
beenhere for a' weekon jbusinesslreturned
last night .to " his home in : Tacoma, Wash.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
b NEW/ YORK, * March- 24.-Judge' Curtis
H. Lindsley of San > Francisco >is .'at tha
Fifth Avenue. Thomas ¦•} Well :of - San
Francisco ; is at . the; Empire. '
' Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia,'
Dnnrlsta, We flask. Richards t Co., i 0« Clay."
New Spring Belts
We have just received a large shipment of
the stylish dog collar belts; also new styles
in the Zaza pulley belt, which is the latest fad;
it prevents: the skirt band parting from the
waist and can be tightened or loosened at will;
the assortment consists of black and colored
seal leather, morocco,. suede, black patent lea-
ther and white'kid; also silk, satin and velvet.
28c for jOe hose
On Monday and until sold out we shall have
,on sale a special purchase of ladies' superior
quality black cotton hose, guaranteecf real
maco with [double soles- and extra spiced sel-
vage. .These goods are a regular 50 cent
quality and will be sold at the extremely low
price of
28c a pair
-(jnildr.en s; underwear
This week we will close out odd sizes in
children's imported sanitary natural -wool com-
bination suits. The regular price, of these
garments is $2.50 % a suit;; to make a quick
clearance we have marked them down to
$1.60 a suit
; New shipment of the best
$ 1 .00 glove in San Francisco
pur two-clasp glace- kid gloves with the
newest^ sty 1^; of embroidered backs are the
best^gloyes sold-m^ Americaat the price ; every
pair guaranteed arid will be- fitted if desired.
139 Kearay St.
\Wrtto'for;mw illustrated catalogue.
Oil Notes.
To those contemplating the use of crude
petroleum for making steam or for other
purposes Mr. D. C. Wllgus of the Wilgus
Manufacturing Company, who are,manu
facturers and patentees of the Wllgus oil
burner, is now stopping at the Grand
Hotel, this city, and would be pleased to
meet those interested in this line of busi
ness, to furnish oil burners and make es
timates on oil burning plants. The ad
dress of the Wllgus Manufacturing Com
pany, 126 East Third street, Los Angeles. •
Gossip is often used by those who want
to get even because of a fancied injury.
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery. •
much damage. The Sea Witch is taking
the barges to San Diego to carry rock
for the breakwater.
Harbor Commissioners Harney and
Herold are enga-ed in a test of .will
power, which Secretary English hopes
will last indefinitely. The question to be
decided In which can refrain longest from
smoking. Every time Major 1 Harney
smokes a cigar be has to buy Mr. Herold
a new hat and vice versa until the con
test is called off. In the meantime both
gentlemen have turned over their respect
ive stocks of the fragrant weed to Sec
retary English and that gentleman is
getting all the enjoyment possible out of
the situation. - - »
terday Mrs. Friedlander sued for divorce,
alleging failure to provide and cruelty as
causes of action.
In her complaint Mrs. Friedlander al
leges that on June 28, 1896. she abandoned
her maiden name of Miss Nora Agnes
Stanton and by virtue of the decree of a
Justice of the Peace became Mrs. Fried
lander. Subsequently, she says, her hus
band began to neglect her, and when on
the 4th inst. he struck her she decided to
strike for liberty, and with her child, Es
ther, aged 2 years, fled from the home he
had provided.
Frledlandor claims that his marital woes
are the result of his wife's relatives' de
sire to interfere in his family, which, he
says, have b«en plainly manifest ever
since his trother-ln-law compelled him to
escape with his bride through a window
at the conclusion of the ceremony mak
ing them irian and wife.
After looking vainly throughout the
length of the city the Sheriff has made re
turn in an order to show cause in which
he says that he is unable to. locate John
Gbrham, whose divorced wife, Adelln L.
Gorham, alleges has made away with her
portion of the community property, con
sisting of a black dress, a silver-plated
clock and two rings. Mrs. Gorham se
cured a decree of divorce from her hus
band a few months ago and was awarded
the custody of her property. The cus
tody of the property, however,' rested with
Gorham, and he failed to obey the decree
of the court. Mrs. Gorham was confident
that she would see him go to Jail for con
tempt and also recover the property,- but
her hopes have been blasted, for Gorham
has evaded the Sheriff.
Gretchen Ebellng has sued Helnrich
Ebeling for divorce on the ground of cru
elty. Mrs. Ebellng alleges that she mar
ried her husband two years ago and that
of late he has treated her brutally. She
says that on August 6, 1899, at their home,
709 Point Lobos avenue, he cruelly beat
their child, and on August 10 took a horse
whip and attempted to drive her and her
child from the house.
Judge Hebbard has ordered Andrew L.
Hall, captain of the steamer Walla Walla,
to pay his wife $60 a month pending the
final disposition of her action for divorce.
Eugene M. St. Paul was granted a divorce
Friday from Ambroise MT St. Paul for de
sertion. . ¦ .
Suits for divorce have been filed by Min
nie M. Neuman against Edward Neuman,
for. failure to provide; Annie Handel
against' Albert E. Handel, for desertion,
and F. W. Marks against Mary D. Marks,
for desertion.
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS.
Tournament for Caddies of the San
Francisco Gulf Club Again,
Postponed.
The tournament over .eighteen holes,
medal play, which was set for yesterday,
among the : caddies ' of ..the San' Francisco
Golf Club did not take place. .The caddies
are in disgrace, and as a means of disci
pline were deprived of the honor of con
tending for the sets of golf clubs present
ed*, by C. R. Winslow. The tournament
will take place later, but no date has yet
been set. .
Many members went around the Presidio
links yesterday, among them being Charles
Page, J. W. Byrne, M. S. Severance, War
ren Gregory,' H. - B. Goodwin, Leonard
Chenery and Mr. >Binney. The course is
in excellent condition, the fair green be
ing well turfed • and : the . putting-greens
fast. ¦ .- .
Fischer's New Concert House.
.Never was there a more auspicious open
ing than that of "Fischer's , new - concert
house last Monday night. Those who .were
so fortunate as to secure „" entrance de
clared the appointments perfect, the ven
tilation and : - acoustics splendid and * the
quartet of . artists who. presented the
fourth act of "II .Trovatofe" great 'in
every; sense. of the word. Badaracco is a
tenor robusto, possessing all the qualifica
tions that make the. tenor so dear to the
heart of the matinee girl. A giant in
¦tature.. with. a splendid face and a voice
melodious and weir trained, he made an
ideal , Manrico. ; Signorina Barducci ¦ has^i
voice of great strength and brilliancy, and
her art and method are 'perfection. - The
students and music lovers, of whom there
are many In San * Francisco, \ will find in
Barducci -the true - artist; and her , duet
with j ßadaracco ' Invariably. rouses 'the
house to great enthusiasm. ; Signorina Pol-
destination, but made no report of having
Ing spoken the Annie Thomas. Captain
Meredith of the latter vessel is a very
skillful navigator, and no one surmises
that the ship was wrecked. The general
supposition is that the cargo of coal
caught fire and the vessel burned to the
water's edge. Captain Meredith waa
formerly In command of the ship Domin
ion. He left her to get married, and while
he was enjoying his honeymoon the Do
minion started from Honolulu for Vicio
ria, B. C. and has never been heard from
eince. After the Dominion was given up
by Lloyds', Captain Meredith took com
mand of the Annie Thomas, and now it
looks as though the fate of the Dominion
had overtaken that vessel.
The British tramp steamer Benmohr
will only receive temporary repairs here.
Coming out of Oyster Harbor with a cargo
of coal she etruck an uncharted rock and
was considerably strained. She is now on
the Hunters Point drydock, and will be
nxed up so that she can carry out her en
gagements on this coast. After that she
¦wiJl return to England and be thoroughly
overhauled. .. _.--•
There was almost a fatality on the
rteam whaler Karluk yesterday. One of
the firemen fell overboard, and L. Levy,
the well-known clothier, attempted to res
cue him. While throwing a rope to the
man struggling in the water Levy lost
COURT NOTES.
Edwin A. Smith was arraigned in Judge
Cook's ; court yesterday on a charge .of
burglary for having, entered 'the. station
ery store at 225 Post street. Smith pleaded
guilty and asked the court to immediately
pass sentence as he was ill and wanted
to go to prison. The case was continued
until Monday, however, that witnesses
might be called to testify as to the char
acter, of the prisoner. -
Matthew Kutshera has filed suit against
J. S. Kimball & Co. to recover 510.000
damages for the failure of the defendant
corporation to land him in Dawson City.
He says he bought a ticket to that place,
but the company put him off at St.
Michael and refused to carry him farther
Tries Hard to Kill Himself.
; ~sA.~ T. iHmlth,^76 years ?of age, used a
Jackknlfe on himself with terrible effect
in an " endeavor to end his life last night
in a room in the Pioneer House, 43 Fourth
•treet.' ,' The old man hired the room early
in the evening and was discovered soon
after walking about the hallway bleeding
profusely from wounds in the abdomen,
arms and throat." He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, and Dr. McGettigan.
who dressed the man's wounds, said his
Injuries would undoubtedly prove fatal
Smith was discharged from the City and
County Hospital a few days ago.
The barkentine Catherine Sudden is now being made ready for a voyage to the gold fields and her owners propose
to revolutionize the handling of freight at Nome. A donkey engine has been placed amidships on the vessel and two more'
are stowed away carefully In the hold. Six surf boats, each capable of carrying thirty tons dead weight, "are to go on
deck, while a large can buoy and a well-tested cable will be stowed in the hold. . ... ,
When the Catherine Sudden reaches Cape Nome the can buoy will be securely anchored about a mile from the beach.
The two Bta.tlonary engines will be landed and placed In position on the beach and then the cable-. will 'be laid. • It will
run from the engines to the buoy, and while tho engine is paying out the other will be hauling In. In this way the barges
will be kept coming and going, and it is figured that a vessel once securely tied up to the buoy will be able to unload'about
750 tons a day into the barges and thence to the beach.
The Catherine Sudden will carry no passengers and only about 500 tons of freight outside of what her owners are
sending north. >:. •¦
DELIGHTED WITH CALIFORNIA.
Mr. D.' H. Fanning, president of ; the
Royal. Worcester, Corset Company of
, Mass.',' ls,f registered ' at ' the
Palace. He . has been £ leisurely tour
ing ' the Southern part ;of : the ¦ State
with his family and expresses him
self, as, highly delighted with ' Cali
fornia. Mr. Fanning notes ,; wonderful
changes and, Improvements ;on' the coast,
particularly in San. Francisco,, since" his
former t visit twenty-one years • ago. ; He
Three Days' Snap for Shrewd Buyers.
J-. Beginning., to-morrow, morning Marks
Bros.V summer outfitters and manufactur
ers of ladies' . and children's wear, throw
out j an ' assortment of bargains. " Note a
few of:them: 'Ladies' vests, fleece lined,
19 cents; ladles! .vests, all colors, 15 cents;
ladies' lisle thread vests, 49 cents; white
skirts, three. yards wide, 39 cents;, ladies'
best muslin drawers, trimmed, wide em
broidery, 33 cents; children's muslin
drawers, 8 1-3 cents; pleated satin stock
collars, 10 cents; children's pique coats,
reefers, and capes, elegantly trimmed,
$149; big - bargains in. confirmation
dresses; 100 other articles at proportion
ately, cheap prices. Marks Bros., retail
goods at wholesale prices, 1212-1214 Market
stteet, between Taylor and Jones. •
Solution of Life's Problem.
, The concluding lecture of .the y Y. M. I.
lecture ' course will be delivered by Rev.
Joseph Sasla, S. J., in Metropolitan Hall
to-morrow evening on "The True Solution
of the Greatest. Problem of Life." Grand
President A. F. St. Sure will preside and
a : short programme will precede i the lec
ture. Complimentary tickets may be had
on application at- the rooms of the T; M.
1., 24 Fourth street. . " .
BURGLAR HELAKER IS
FOUND IN COUNTY JAIL
Crook Located, by Detectives While'
Serving Time for Vagrancy—Ad
mits Two Bobberies.
- James Helaker, alias - the "Woodland
kid," who, according. to the police. Is one
of the most skillful room thieves .'in the
country, is locked up in the City Prison
with two charges of burglary- recorded
against his name. '•-¦¦¦
On March 11 Helaker entered the room
of J. Jordan at'2o3 Post street and stole
a quantity of .clothing. Subsequently he
visited tha apartments of S. Fldelle.' at
1151 Market" street, -¦ and got away ¦ with
several suits of clothes. .
Yesterday- Detectives Harper and Sulli
van and Police Officer Hlnes learned that
Helaker, for . whom they were .hunting,
was serving a twenty-day sentence in the
Branch County, Jail for vagrancy. They
at once went to the jail and took charge
of the prisoner. He was taken to the. City
Prison and formally booked for burglary.
Helaker readily admitted his guilt, and
announced . the determination to plead
fuilty when the cases are called in the
uperior Court
LATEST
NOVFI TIFS
BLACK
VT A D DI/^C
rnpnivu.
During this entire week we will
have on exhibition in our large show
wlnflows the latest importations of
BLACK PARIS NOVELTY DRESS
FABRICS.
These goods are from the best manufac-
turers in Euroue, and we ask the special
attention of our customers to this disDlau,
We will also place on sale this week
another lame importation of 52-INCH HOME-
SPUNS and CAMEUS-HAIR CHEVIOTS, in
Oxfords, Castors, Shepherd and Light Grans.
cfm no
Price cpl— Yard.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
H.S. FOOTE MAY NOT BE
REAPPOINTED A REGENT
X A. Denicke and F. W. Henshaw
Mentioned for. Long Term on
the University Board.
Henry S. Foote's term as Regent of the
State University expired on March 1, but
Governor. Gage. at last accounts had not
appointed his successor. A short time ago
John E. Budd of Stockton was reappoint
ed f or a : f ull term of sixteen years. His
commission was presented at the last
meeting of the board. ;
There '- seems to be an jmpresslon that
Mr. . Foote will . not be reappointed, as
there are several | candidates mentioned
for. the position which he now holds. For
example, Colonel E. A. Denicke, Regent
ex-officio by virtue of being president of
the Mechanics' Institute of San Francis
co, desires to be a real, live, full-fledged
sixteen-year term Regent.
A petition long enough to span the dis
tance from The Call building to the water
front has been signed by Mr. Denicke's
fellow citizens and in , due time will be
presented to the. Governor. ¦ ¦ ¦ •
But Colonel Denicke is not the only man
mentioned to succeed Mr. . Foote. Judge
F. W.- Henshaw has many earnest sup
porters in San Francisco and Oakland,
who have resolved that the Governor
shall be enlightened as to the special and
general merits of their champion. It is
said that Judge Henshaw is not seeking
tho appointment, but nevertheless his
friends insist that the university shall
have the benefit of , his experience and
Judgment., ¦ . .
MUCH TROUBLE
OVER ARREST
OF MOON TONG
Fear That the Warrant Was
Merely a Cloak for
JUunapers.
Highbinder Trouble Becomes Serious
and Chief Sullivan. Details -an
Extra Squad for Duty in
n Chinatown.
trouble, it la. feared, will result
from the arrest In Chinatown last Tues
day of Moon Tong,- a Chinese woman, by
officers from Visalia. . Friends of . the
woman in this city are decrying the ac
tion as the work of kidnapers, and a clash
seems imminent. Advices ¦ received from
Visalia, where the woman was taken, 3ay
tha sv the Bame condition of affairs exists
at that place. • . ,
It is alleged that the charros on which
tne woman was arrested were trumped
up solely for the puropse of getting her
put of ban Francisco , and then kidnap
ing her. Several Chinese left for Visalia
a # ht to l°°k after her interests.
'? ?i lu » es<^ av of last week Deputy Con
stable M. i\ Janes of Visalia took the
woman out of a house on Sullivan alley
on a charge of grand larceny. It is al-
*. J. the ' crime •was recently com
mitted in the town where the warrant was
procured, -but the woman's friends claim
that she has been a resident of this city
continuously for nearly two years. When
the woman arrived at Visalia under ar
rest she was • released on bonds . and her
mends Immediately went to ner assist
ance, to prevent any attempt at kidnap-
Highbinders were conspicuous in the
streets of Chinatown last night. Most of
them were members of the Suey Sing tong
a "d they were after a wealthy leader of
the Hop Sing tong named Gow Chung,
proprietor of a resort known as the City
of Peking. The police were immediately
notified, and Sergeant of Police Mahoney
watched the place for several hours
searching all suspicious parties.
The Suey Sing tong has recovered from
its crippled condition, due to the arrest of
several of its leading hatchetmen, and
yesterday a number of professional mur
derers from interior points arrived in the
city to take tbeir places. They started
out to do business early, but were. all soon
under police surveillance.
A Suey Sing man pointed out three Chi
nese, Wo Such, .Wong Yo and Hong Fook,
as being the murderers of Chan Sue, who
was killed on Jackson street on March 1.
Detective Ed Gibson arrested the men and
placed ' them on the email book at the
California-street police station pending
further investigation.
.The highbinder condition appeared so
serious that Chief Sullivan placed a heavy
detail of . officers 'In citizen's clothes in
Chinatown "to , watch I the quarter after
midnight. :
llttlna and Senor Vargas complete
a finished . quartet of;- artists. Dur
ing the engagement of the quartet the
operas of "Cavallerla Bustlcana," "La
Boheme,". "Faust",- and "La
will.be presented. For the ensuing .week
Miss Agnes Fried,! a talented New .York
soprano, will be added* to the .roster- of
vocalists. There twill be matinees Satur
day and Sunday afternoons.
FRIEDLANDER'S
WEDDING MORN
NOW RECALLED
His Wife Sues for a Di
vorce on the Ground
of Cruelty.
Adelin Gorman Vainly Searches for
. Her Personal Effects— Decrees'
Granted and Suits Filed by
Unhappy Couples.
Albert Abraham Friedlander, attorney
at law, is now looking backward upon the
day when bride and he climbed with great
loss of dignity through a window in Judge
Groezinger's courtroom and wended their
way to liberty through the coal corridor
of the City Hall, while Mrs. Stanton. the
bride's mother, held the officers and citi
zens at bay in the corridor - above and
heaped ' prophecies . of woe upon her new
made son-in-law that have now come true.
Friedlander's wedding morn. was a night
mare. The setting sun upon his wedded
life is now touching the horizon, for yes-
his balance and went overboard himself.
Then Captain McGregor lowered a boat,
and both men were picked up and put
aboard the whaler. • -•
The State tug Governor Markham made
an excursion around: the bay yesterday
with Attorney General Tirey L. Ford and
a party of his friends aboard. All the
points of interest were visited and every
body had a most enjoyable time.
Harbor Commissioner Herold made a
thorough inspection lof the water front
yesterday. From Meiggs wharf to the
China basin not a wharf or bulkhead es
caped his notice and in consequence he
will suggest several improvements at the
next meeting of ;.ie board. The commis
sion has now a double force of men work
ing on the front and the Improvements
in the facilities for handling shipping
will be noticeable next week.
Major Gibson is the only medical officer
left on the hospital ship Missouri. Cap
tain Kneedler and Lieutenant Duvall
have been ordered to Manila and will
leave on the Grant. Their instructions
are 'to report for duty on the Missouri
when she reaches the Philippines, so from
that- it would look as though the hospital
ship was going to be remodeled and sent
back to Manila.
"King Leary" 'was released from quar
antine yesterday and Dr. Klnyoun made
a special trip from Ansel Island to put
him aboard the transport Warren. The
king is a young pig which Purser Frank
Bucklin purchased in Guam. As soon a»
the animal appeared on deck the crew
adopted him as a mascot and the grief
of the sailors was consequently great
¦when his majesty was placed in quaran
tine. Yesterday "King Leary" was pa»
rading the deck of the transport with
the Stars and Stripes around > his neck
and "U. S. Transport Warren" on his
back.
The tug Sea Witch started away from
Vallejo-street wharf yesterday with three
barges in tow. The tide caught the barges
as they were passing the end of the
wharf and each one of them bumped into
the steamer Aberdeen, but did not do
THE SAN FRANCISCO; C^^
v CASH 0B LETTLE-AT-A-TDiIB.
Buy where you can set values
r ' like this for little money.
$0 nn Foi> o**
V*' vu Cobbler teat ROCKER
An unusually fine valu; even for a
place that is always offering unusu-
ally fine bargains.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
JOI7 • /033 MJS3JOJY 9TMBBT.
ABOVE STXTH.
PkraeßovthU. > • g u Tnnelsco.
T-iOiNTDOIT SIyIOKE
CLASSES.
Eye protectors for the Dusty Seaaon-they can
b« had In any «tyl« or ¦hap«, including thorn
with the new clip— never «llp«. tUta or wavers.
Bausch & Lomb-Zelss Stereo Field Glasses.
Oculists" prescriptions filled. Factory on prem-
ises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main Ifl.
o4Z Market St.. instruh£NT3
'•MMRCnOniCl.* SuHDixfc
STEINWAY Pianos
USED AT ALL
PADEREWSKI
RECITALS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
• fxifia CoMt BepraieatatiTM.
' . <¦ ' ¦ ¦¦;-¦. - ?
1 D 1 f Irr Located on Market '
Xm -" rE% '*' proximity to bus!- ¦ \ , '
A IV II ne " S " ectlon « B»*ces '
i ill 11/ of amusement and '
rnilin depots: UOO rooms. !
ill) A Wli 800 with baths »t-
UAAlll/ tached. Thelarseat
( i and flncr* hotels 'o '
HATEI C the orld AmerV. ;
1 IIUICL3- an and Eur o»e»-»
BRUSHES ¦sp.isaa its:
houses, billiard Üble*.
brewer*, bookbinder*. ' candy-maker*, cannar*.
dyers, flour mills, foundries. > laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen. < tar-roofers, tanners. • tailors. ¦ eta :
: BUCHANA* BROSw.
Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacrament* SI
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.Text not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not available