THE
STORY OF
SAN FRANCISCO'S
FIRST
DANCING
MASTER
The Sunday Call.
¦ ; --^^^^
bearded and shaggy-browed and*; keen
eyed. Pass him for Tolstoi ma dim light
and no "eyebrows' would be lifted/ His shirt,
was of his own make, cut from flour sacks
•with the brand blazoned in red and blue
print on the sleeves.
- He had a plate of something that per
haps had tried to be soup and had grown
discouraged. When ha saw us coming
down the path we were the first people
except the Bordi family that he. had seen
since Christmas day, but he 1 went on eat-"
ing from the plate. - . '.
¦ "You are Mr. Wilson?" quoth I.
"lam Mr. Wilson, madam," said. he.
Further remarks "appeared: unnecessary.
There is a reserve about \: the §j one-time
master of manners. * The, reserve boded
better friendship .in the end., and there
fore he said, five minutes later:
• "Step into the cabin, ladies."
Inside the cabin our eyes had Ho, learn
to see, even though the door stood open.
The first thing I made out; was aVbox
whereupon I could sit, and the next 'was
a bunk wherein Charlie Wilson sleeps,
and the next was the fireplace. It is a
cavern of his own building/ a. stone-lined
hollow, big enough for a Fourth of. July
barbecue. ">
"You could cook for the whole ranch,"
I said. ".¦¦'-.'•-• ' ¦¦ •" Vi-. '¦'¦'.- . " i •>:
"And I have nothing to cook even for
myself part of the time," he answered. '
Then he drew from his /pocket 7 some,
dried leaves, but not before he had asked
permission to smoke.
"They are absinthium leaves," he said.
"Tobacco costs too much." He filled tho
black pipe and lighted It and sat before us
on^ariother box.
"More than forty years ago." he
wagged., "there were oniy a few American
ladies in San Francisco. Nearly all were
Mexican. But the, Americans -were com
ing all the time, and the people began to
see that it wouldn't. be long before-Amer
ican ways came, so they wanted to learn
American . ilances. which .t were .'¦ Paris
dances in the first place. ' ; •
¦ w- "So .I; saw my chance, "and I started a
dancing\ school. 1 did St- because I had
lostlall my wealth. 1 came ' to California
in 1542 and made and lost a fortune in two
"In speculating?" I 'asked.: ' - ¦""'¦
"In investing," he corrected. -y-'-. ?J
"I lost $21,000 in one day. Then 'l didn't
have much left, so I was glad to start my
dancing school, .and it thrived. . The
money slipped through Mexican lingers
and -my. pupils paid me well.
"They came -from, ranches, down m the
valley, and they came from San , Fran
cisco homes. I had a big tent put up in
the, part "of town,— well, I don't know
what streets you say now. I've lived here
In the mountains for ten years, and I
don't know much about the present San
Francisco. But my tent was near where
the postoffice stands now. It had a good
floor If It hadn't much else.
"The people were In such a hurry to
learn that the class came together every
.evening. ..Of all the pupils I remember
ueneral Vallejo best. The ladles all liked
to dance with him." ':
' VWas he a good dancer?"'
"No; none of thenvwere good dancers.
Their beads and their bodies were full of
their fandangos and they couldn't learn
the Paris way. You see. I was direct from
France at that time, for I had left Cali
fornia for a while and had spent three
months with my sister In Paris, studying
dancing: and music So' I was used to the
way things were done th*re— more politely
I think, and not so free and easy 'as In
California. But these people never could
take up fashionable ways and stately
dances, and General Vallejo was Ilk© the
. "And still the ladles liked him?"
•The ladies? Oh. yes."
' "He was handsome perhaps."
'*Yes. handsome. To the Mexican ladles
that was the chief merit, but In the case
of General Vallejo there was more than
that, for he was courteous even to his
sisters— really courteous, not in manner
only, as was the way with many of th»
men."
"His sisters were your pupils, too?"
*! Yes. and his wife. The ladies were
brighter pupils than the gentlemen. But
they were all bad — very bad. 'Forward
and back!* I would cry. and they would
swing and move their arms as If they
handled castanets. It was trying," ha
broke off, in the disgust of a zealous
teacher.
"There was a senorlta." he went on
after a long pause; "all the youngr men
wanted to dance with her. She was not
beautiful, but she had yellow eyes, and
when women have yellow eyes men al
ways fall in love with them whether they
want to or not. She used to make prom
ises to dance and break her promises,
'and they were angry at each other and
Continued on Pase Nine.
OLD fool!" said Charlie Wilson. He
addressed Charlie Wilson.
"This is the latest mazourka."
he had said. To show us, he had
taken a doeen steps across his
bare cabin floor. The steps started brave,
ly and tried to be light; but instead they
were heavy— heavy with the weight of 72
veart. Opposite the door they lagged and
at the bench they pave over entirely, and
old Charlie Wilson sank down and hid
his face behind both" snarled hands.
"I forgot," he moaned. "It used to be
the latest. That was forty years ago,
when I ml prosperous. - Dances chang*
and I change. Yes. I change. That
means you. you. Charlie Wilson. Old fool,
don't you know that you've changed? Old
fool, can't you leave the dancing to young
folk's? O!d fool, why .are you such a
starving, penniless, dreaming old fool?"
Something like forty years ago. runs his
Ftory, Master Charles Wilson taught San
Francisco's first dancing school., He was
the slender dandy who introduced lancers
and Shanghai coats into California, and
both lancers and coats sat uneasily upon
the sons and daughters of old Castile.
The fashionable instructor, himself a'Pa
ris Importation, grew moist of forehead
and weary of instep in the struggle he
was making- For his task was hard.- He
wma to train the Castilian youth of San
Francisco in the dances of Paris society:
He was to tame their lithe limbs that
had been born to the motions of swing
ing sea waves. He was to teach these
the artificiality of Paris dances, which,
being Americanized, grew still more arti
ficial But Mexico was going and Amer
ica wfP coming, and the youth of the
Vall< jo household and the Pacheco house
hold and the Coria household were of San
Francisco's .-=mart set. and a» *uch they
mu«a keep abreast of the times. So oft
with the fandango and El Son, on with
the lancers and mazourka.
"There wat, money-making those days."
paid Charlie Wilson yesterday. "Now
it's ten cents a day when I'm working at
all and the rest of Ihe days it's nothing."
Then asain h<-' cried out. for he is sad
and old, and all the companions he has
are the picture people drawn by the wind
In the redwood trcts or the smoke that
rises from his pipeful of absinthium.
Back in tte mountains beyond San Josa
5s where Charlie Wilson lives now. Go
fifteen miles as the crow flies, or twenty
as your laboring horse is driven through
the mud and over the boulders of the
Btevens Creek road. Just as you come to
the end of your patience turn to the left
and enter Bordi's vineyard or "viniard."
us it pleases Dordi himself to spell It.
and on a sloping bit of his land lives
Charlie Wilson.
"Not a foot of it belongs to me— not
even a tree." he told us.
It was daylight among the redwoods
when we reached him. which means high
noon. Back there in the heart of the
mountains it Is but one quick stride for
the sun from the brink of dawn to the
brink of night. We found old Charlie Wil
eon sunning himself in the watch of day
light granted him. » '
He was sitting on a stump. He sat
•with «houlders rounded. He wj.« h-The Extinct
Copper Toe
"Children kick out the toes of their
boots r.ov/ just as much as they ever did.
but the copper toe has gone out of date
too long ago to talk about. It was ftn«».
though' in Its day. How the coppe* did
wink and glitter in the firelight: Away up
in the Maine woods a farmer that could
not bear the thought of giving the shoe
maker all he earned took an old copper
washboiler and cut It up into strips, which
he fastened on the toes of the boots of
Elbridge and Elmer Ellsworth and Eddie.
'There, now!" said he. 'Less see you g't
through them In a hurry. Laws! I never
see boys so hard on shoe leather." It was
a bright idea, and the more he thought
about it the more it was borne !n on him
that it was a bright Idea. He got a patent
on it. Elbridge and Elmer Ellsworth a"i
Eddie were kind of ashamed to be s«en
in their copp-r toes at first, but when tne
other boys all crowded around them a*
the district school and said *Oo*V
Woosht my pa would fix my boots th*t
way.' they felt more comfortable and
rather happy. From that It went on t.
for the *ake of peace and quietness »n the
house. If for no other reason, father? ha.l
to. buy copper-toed boots for their boy*
The Maine farmer got rich and had rle
three times a day. and moved to town
and had a haircloth sofa in the front room
and a marble-topped center table
with wax flowers in a glass rasp
on It, and everything that heart
could wish. But foolishness la bound
up in the heart of a child and
it is Part of its nature to be hard on
shoes. You may beat the laws of the
universe for a little while, when they a"«
not looking, but not for long ThY .?™
came when the child woke up and realli^
that it was' being robbed of Jts righti
guaranteed under the constitution ej«~,i -
thing like this, eh? 'We. th" cSSdwi #
the United States in convention a-T^
bled, do hold these truths to b,,5r !?,"¦
dentr-.Njpt at all not at all. They S7j"
il .TT I -CoPPertoes! Coppertoes!' •
And the coon came down "-H»rv<»
Sutherland, in Ainslee's. -«»rvey
Jhe lieutenant, the Cadet ana the Reporter.
of here since the old steward died," they
had told me. "They say we're in the
way. But we keep on going and do the
best we can."
There was no turning but that night.
Velvety treading waiters glanced once
and forgot. Diners did likewise, until the
bonnets came very close and the tickets
were thrust so vigorously before their
eyes that they could be blind no longer.
What the first man at each table did, that
did the others— refuse, pay the 5 cents
asked or give more than the price and
turn double-chinned in benefaction. The
small manager of a large theater hid in
vain behind his mustache, for -the 'leu
tenant would have him out.. A swagger
professor, who Is kingpin of catches in
the co-ed world, gave for one ticket the
price of five in vanity of spirit. His neigh
bor, a slxth-iloor lawyer, had shaken his
head at first demand,* but his quarter fol
lowed the professor's.
. "Pretty good," chirped the lieutenant,
when she Joined us at the silent-hinged
door. She opened a severely businesslike
purse and counted with sharp eyes.
"You're mercenary, lieutenant," said
the cadet. ¦.
"Well, ain't we out for money?" re
sponded the lieutenant.
"How much did you get?"
"How much did you?"
"I'm not very bold to-night. Sometimes
I do a lot better."
There was the tone and the look of mild
rivalry. •
"How much do you usually take in?" I
asked.
"Oh, we used to go as high as $10 in ai
evening, but we would be lucky with half
as much now. Times are harder."
The lieutenant snapped her purse brisk
ly and whisked us'into the next saloon.
Men were in a group at the bar. Groups
are not so easy as lone cases. "I wish
the adjutant was along," murmured the
cadet. "She knows how to go right into
a crowd, and she makes them listen. 1
hate a lot together," and she stood back
beside me. "The adjutant .ain't ht-re,
though,". chirped the lieutenant, "so- — "
So— she entered.
The group stopped talking and listened
indulgently. She did not talk salvation,
but' she talked meal tickets, and nobody
interrupted her. When- she had nniyhr-j
there were a half-dozen nickels to her
credit. -.:
heart." "Sweetheart" is the lassies* title
in saloons.
Sometimes a door was held open for us
to pass. More often it was not. • "Come
on, girls, we can't waJt," one Johnni«
said, !n a theater bar whose door he held
while we tarried.
"Did you get much In there?" I asked.
"No. We usually get little enough from
actors."
"And they usually get little enough
themselves." I defended, for player folk
are dear to me. But Salvationists are
hard to convince. "I told a fellow in thete
if he worked as hard as we do he'd be
cioin' pretty well." battled the officer.
There was a place on Ellis street where
somebody was telling a story when we
opened. the door, and he made for excla
mation points great swashbuckling oath?.
"Hush." said the barkeeper, and pointed
to us. N
Perhaps it was an apology for the oa f .hs.
At any rate, the story-teller bought five
tickets. They were all generoua in that
Ellis-street place. They talked a great
deal and drew U3 into arguments, but
they bought. I liked the man who said:
"I don't want any 5-cent meal or bed.
That's too' cheap. for me.".'
"Then you can pay more. sir. if you
like." quoth I. and the reason I liked him
was that he laughed and did so. i
A dime dropped on the way between a
big pudgy hand and the lieutenant's
pinched one. It disappeared in rubber in
tricacies and eight of us looked and saw
nothing of it. "I was going to take the
change, but I'll let you have the whole
dime if you can find It," said the pudgy
handed ipan. Then the crowd stood back
to watch the lieutenant search. She went
down upon well-worn knees with her eyes
turned down instead of pp and the r'.im-j
was given to her. "Good for you." chimed
the crowd. "It's yours." said the buyer.
"Shake, for luck," he cried as she rose
beaming. Then the lot of them cheered
her. So little it takes to constitute an
event io the midst of idleness.
Some attempted to listen to our explan
ation or read that on the ticket, but more
did not care what the thing was for, any
way. "What can we get for it?" asked
one, having refused. "A bath." vaguely
answered another, having bought. "When
does the event take place?" queried a
third, pocketing his 25-cent piece.
At the end of an hour we counted gains.
The aristocratic man with the smart
topcoat and the black , pull-down mus
tache leaned against the bar. He had
moved from the crowd when the lieuten
ant approached it and had buried hims.-lf
In his newspaper. It occurred to me that
he had not been fairly treated, and I made
for him, to atone for the negltct. And
when" I did so he drawled in the drawl
that goes along with a pull-down mus
tache:
"I just bought of your friend."
-.1 suppose he found that easier than' re
fusing. •
"When the adjutant goes she talks sal
vation," the cadet told me as we bent our
bonnets against a Market street brevzt.
"You see, that' is what she calls the real
object of the visiting, anyway. Of course,
she wants to rais* money for the homo,
but the purpose of the army is to get h<Jrt
of souls, and if the men grow 'interested
she set 3 in and talks. Don't she, though."
In the hour that we traveled we entered
only one saloon that was not of the sArll
est. That onj was a bit noisy, although
It quitted when we entered and the noisers
refused us civiily enough.' The only coin
I got there was from a colored man, who
paid exactly arid kept the ticket.
"I don't care for such places." said th«
cadet with a dainty little sniff. "No beer
saloons for me." •
"They don't give in the beer saloons
and they . treat you rough." added tho
leader. "Let's go north of Market."
'Wo skirted the theater district, then
canvassed it. ', Lights were bright and the
streets were gay. for San Francisco is a
rose-colored picture on the. last night of
the week. It was an hour of plump pock
ets and light hearts.
Those who wero eating at the lunch
counters did not buy. They always looked
gloomy, perched on their, high stools, and
they, always stowed away the food as if
it were stolen goods. They evidently did
not like to receive our attention. "Noth
ing to give." "Can't give to everybody"
"Bought one of those last week." "Don't
touch me to-night." "Don't wsnt any."
Those who had "dined mo^e comfortably
and were cozy-spirited as a result refused
more gracefully,' if at all. "You see I'd
like to. but I've already given so much "
confidentially; or. "Not to-night, sweet-
1 had a dollar to the cent, having, can
vassed in about a third of the saloons we
visited. Not bad.
The bona fide lassies left me, for they
were going to a meeting. Just before say
ing good-night we passed a lighted shop
window. It was snowy and fluffy In its
display of lingerie— ruffles and laces and
ribbons, and among them was a worldly
doll attired in the daintiest of flippancies.
"The cute doll:" gasped the lieutenant,
who haa been for years in the work.
"Aren't those things lovely?" she gasped
again, and her eyes lingered wistfully.
"Why, lieutenant"' exclaimed the cadet.
"Come on. girls, it's late," said tha
leader, rousing herself. She turned eyes
and thoughts to the narrow path again.
It was the fleshpota of Egypt.
*£"£¦ KATHRYN MARCH.
GOING SATURDAY NIGHT ROUNDS WITH THE SALVATIONISTS
THE :. SUNDAY- CALL.
2
Kaihryn March as a Salva
tion "JZassie."
men were oatlrj; and drinking and not
being merry. They were comfortable and
bored. The tables at the lirst were full,
and la ihe fullness thereof were promi
nent citizens. There was no clatter of
tongues cr china — only a grc-at, still,
rpreadin;? room, broken by the snowy
disks of many tables and the black
Dutches of dinner coats.
The little, wiry lieutenant glanced over
tiiv Stid and it was hers. "You work in
the outer room," she commanded; "I'll
make the rounds inside.". .
I gave over my task to the cadet who
was v .l th us » and stood where I could'
see. Sometimes we've been turned out
YOU'RE a peach." said he.
"God bless you." said she. Not
for calling; her a peach, but for
handing out a nickel. She was a
Salvation Array lassie and he was a man
i:i a saloon.
It was the after-dinner hour, when
downtown men drift lazily through swing*
ing doors and chat and linger. Three of
us Eivuns open the doois and followed.
We were women, but the bonnets gave us
privilege.
Saturday night is the night wlien las-
Fics do thus. They are of the world,
;hou?h they be not worl'tly, and they
know why they po forth at tl»c weeks
merry end. Mor.cv is easy of a Saturday
r.ight.
We started out from the shelter on
"Washington Street. It is headquarters for
many blue bgnr.etp, and 1* situated In the
renter of affairs. Seven o'clock wan our
hour for l.*K!::::ir.g the tour. It is a time
for drinking, but not for drunkenness.
Though. Jor the matter of that, the las
fits do not come face to face with man/
in their cups on these ticket-celling ex
peditions. "We don't go to rough places,"
fays the lieutenant, who has n«?en years
In the work. "We prefer high-toned fa
loons."
"High-toned be it. then." said I; "I fol
low you."
"'V<:s, follow me," she tuned with the
Twanging melody of a voice that vaude
vUie. has r.iiFscd a chance at. It was an
lnoffvnsivc little joke and Fhe glanced
back over the bristling bow at her left
«>ar and laughed at it. It does not risk
salvation to laugh.
It had taken three Salvnticnlpts to
taafce me ready, and they h&d stood off
and viewed and returned to cri.^pen a bow
or fiattcn a collar as the lamily would
touch you up for ti tlebut. They pro
jioujicexi me sufficient v.-!;c:i all was done.
"Vuu don't iooli liUe an old hand, but
you'll jars for a cadet," was the adju
tant's verdict. Then 1 was asked if I
would like to be taken to a mirror.
I writhed hi th? bonnet. Once upon a
line. wh-?n I was very small. I said a
naughty word, which I was given to un
derstand the I/ori] heard. The reason I
paid it was tJiat my grandmother tried
to make me wear a punbonnet. During
the evening that I was a lassie I thought
a. great many times of the sunbonnet antl
the naughty word.
Montgomery street saloons had hardly
got down to business when we reached
them. They were in a dawdling spirit,
Vut good humored. The bartenders smiled
at us lazily and most of the visitors tried
not to see us.
"Won't you buy a ticket for a. meal or
t>e<l?" began the lieutenant, upening siege.
We reinforced her.
Men are not ail alike. Some of them
Fh<'ok their heads in surliness and never
met our eyes. Some refused politely.
Horn* bough..
"T what's it good for, anyway?" asked
one after he ha<i the ticket. Probabiy he
did not want to knew, but it was our busi
ness to explain.
"."That entitles the holder to a meal or a
bod. •¦ithi.r <jne, at the Working Women's
Home."
"But I don't want either one. lv» cot
a bed rind plenty of meaJs when I want
them. I'd rather pay 5 cents for an ty
petite."
"You couldn't use the ticket yourself,
even if you did want to. The home takes
la women only."
"I. dent want the thing, then. Take it
back and p-.'II It again."
. He had wasted time and words: but he
had them to wapte. The lieutenant had
not. She led on and we followed.
In the next saloon /we were "jollied."'
We took in more money there. "Now, you
don't mean you really have something to
tell?" they paid teasingly. And. "You
don't mean to say you want a nickel, my
tweet heart?" And, "Now, which one's the
prettiest?" "That or.i." "No. that."
"You're wrong. Here.'* the little lady.
Look at her blush, boys. She's the peach."
And aftf-r they were tir^d of it all tr«-r
paid in 10-eent piece's for 'heir 5-cent tick
c-ts. and pave them back and scoffed gen
erously at the offer of change. Then they
rang us out with cries of "Good-night,
i-weethear?," that came tT their lips as
easily as the s-ilver pieces to our hands.
At the hotels thtre were late diners.
We went to the cafes, the grills, whereTHE, SUNDAY ;.CALL.
3
THE SAD ROMANCE OF OLD FORT ROSS
*y~t BOUT hs'jrs* Journey from Bar.
f I Francisco to the north a:e the re
/ I mains of a. place, which, thoush
V. I desolate and forlcrn, '.* a lasting
JL mnr.ument t<> a man's Ambition
and a VDSian'n devotion :uid lovo. 'IT'--!
is I'ort Boss, the only visible result of a
drram which had for Its subject 3i;;ss'.:3!i
domination of the Pacific Coast. Tor
years The place has been almost forgot
ten, ujuil fc recent attempt .<>n the j;art of
i;jfrsia. to open negotiations with the
United State* f^r <t«= rurrhare. in order
that the charcb and craveyjir.i mif^u hz
restored: rttalHrf'tte pttheifc -i.:y, v.hkh
muf-t ai»ays be cccsected v.iih the pla.ee,
-nrt v.-hi.-h really was the reason for its
ever existing.
In t. v if autumn of IVS. .Nikolai PetroVich
ruzancf. Imperial Chamberlain to t no
Czcr and a devvted s^n of Tiussla, %vas
F^rit by hi* royal master to ir.s:»e-:t the
Russian colon!.? of "Alaska. whicH bnl
lor.g been f-nircatins: 'he borne Go'.ern
taaat for tr:^io manner of aid. He f-riind
them in a most deplorable condition-
Tbetr resources lcn? since exhausted, the
colonists wore "leading .a nrisertbls exis
tence, waging a bitter war ap-iinst disease
3 rid fomi-ftarvatioii. Th«-re was only one
¦way to alleviate their condition SndHhat
was to establish a trade with the Califor
nia provinces, then in the flush of their
halcyon day**. This, however, was a
most difficult thing to accomplish. Spain,
always jealous of her treasure, had for-
bidden her colonies to trade with any ror
c!tjn jiower. and the ease-loving Califor
r.iuns had no desire to into any con
troversy with thoir rulers. To Rezanof.
however, nothing seemed impossible, and
after thoughtfully considering them.it
trr he determined to make an efCprt to
bring his plans to pass. With this In
View, he mailed, in the early spring/. for
the ccuthto open negotiations with the
Spaniards.
He anrhoreO in San Francisco Bay and
was received by General <le Arsruello, the
Comandante at the Presidio, with the most
lavish hospitality, and every courtesy was
paid him as a guest' of rank and distinc
tion. Rut to his propositions the' Span
iard would giv'! but one answer. Foreign
trade v,-;is forbidden . by his country and
that was enough for the soldier. The koy
of the Callfornias had been intrusted to
him and he was there to guard the doors
with his life if need be. The .•'hips of
the Russian could cater Ibe Golden Gate
de '^SUgTTo and T <cTaT Pet/o
oF G"alYFpwya* s ©Icl£st aijd AfoS*
only as his gue3ts. Anything else was Im
possible.
During the days of feasting which fol
1 owed Governor Arellago came up from
' Monterey to meet the distinguished
stranger, and the Russian tried him with
flattery and bribes, only to meet with the
same stern refusal. Disheartened by these
repeated failures, Rezanof had nearly
given up his project in despair when an
unexpected turn ]of • events changed the
aspect of things and brought him a valu
able ally in the shape of General de Ar
gufllo's daughter.'
. At the age of seventeen the Senorita
Dona Concepdon de Arguello was con
ceded to be one of the most beautltul
women in nil of New
- - Spain. She pos
.^^. sessed the lustrous
"¦"•¦ 1 black hair and lan-
C I quid eyes of her
j race; a skin of pal-
C I est olive. which
I even the California
• sun could not harm,
and a matchless fig
yfi ure. These charms
Vhlch T.a<f"fcrmed the theme of many .1
perenade, united to a remarkably sweet
and tender disposition, made her-a favor
ite with all who knew her. During the
first few weeks of the Russian's visit In
her father's hous«* she had kept somr
what alofif, but pity for his inability to
speak her language made her listen 10 his
entreaties that she would teach him
Spanish, and the lessons were begun.
Rezanof. although along in middle age,
and a widower, was a handsome man. of
strong personality, well versed in the
manners of the court, and skilled in af-
saw- a brilliant future for himself. Ac
cordingly he made a formal proposition
for the hand of Dona ConeepcJon.
Had the bomb of a Nihilist exploded In
the hitherto peaceful household of Don
Jose, it would hardly. have caused more
consternation than this request. Rezanof
was a heretic, and as such ineligible. The
church hurried to the protection of Dona
Concepclon. and threw its arms about her."
The idea of his daughter being transplant
ed to the snows of Russia filled the sren
eral with horror. All the pressure possi
ble was brought to bear upon the girl to
induce her to give her lover up. But ia
vain. She loved with .the ardor of a Span
ish woman, and she would have Rezanof
or none. The wilds of Siberia or the -loss
of paradise were one to her. so long a*
h* shared them with her^ Her tears and
entreaties finally won the father's con
sent, and having yielded he celebrated
the betrothal in a state which was long
remembered by' those who shared the fes
tivities. Rezanof lingered for> a white
after the gayeties were over, and found
that he had not been wrong In his sur
mise. As he wrote to a friend, he "man
aged this part of his Catholic Majesty as
he pleased after the betrothal."
Trade was begun between Callfornlan
and Alaskan ports, and having obtained
his object Rezanof sailed for the north
again, planning to return to Russia by
the way of Siberia and in two years' time
come back to claim his bride. .
Concepcion stood between the brazen
cannon that guarded the blue waters and
watched the ship that bore her lover sail
out of the bay until it was lost from sight
beyond the Golden Gate. Then she turned
away to dream through the time which
must elapse before she became his wife.
But. alas, two years, five, ten, went by.
and no tidings. Day after day the girl
would sit by the cannons, straining her
eyes over the lonely waste of the Pacific,
watching for a sail that never came. Her
patience was exhaustless. her confidence
unfailing. As Don Jose watched his
daughter's face, he swore a mighty oath
of vengeance- against the man who had
brought the anxious lines there. But even
he dared speak no word of blame to her
of the apparently faithless one. In splto
of her beauty and the many suitors who
would gladly have 'consoled her. she re
mained true to the man who had won her
first love.
She led a gentle and holy life, caring
for the poor of the settlement. The sick
and the dying saw in her their joy of
earth and hope of heaven, and the chil
dren whom she taught adored her. For
thirty-one years she hoped against hope,
then entered the Dominican Convent off
St. Catharine, at Benicla.
About five years later an American trav
eler, happening to pass through the place,
heard the story of Concepcion. and by a
peculiar coincidence it was through him
that she learned the details of Rezanof's
death. He had perished miserably In a
Yakut hut. in Siberia, of a fatal Illness
while on his way home. The American
had been traveling for a short distance
In his company, and after hl3 death had
gone. on and carried the news and a few
of his personal effects to the dead man's
family in Russia. He had almost for
gotten the circumstances, until bearing
the story of Concepcion de Arguello
brought it back to his memory. And so.
In this roundabout way, the faithful wo
man at last knew the truth. Notwith
standing the long years of trial which
stretched between her and her youth, this
news proved to be her deathblow. Almost
immediately after hearing It she began
to fail, and a few years later passed
quietly away. %
The Governor of Alaska had. been the
confidant of Rezanors plans, and at
tempted to carry them out. The colony
i fairs .of the heart. , ;Many women liaJ
loved" him. and as he sat with Concipeir.n
day .after day. -under the cloudless . blue
of the : California- skies, repeating a tur
her the liquid words of her native:tons<i«%
and: finding it, so often necessary to u*e
the .language ;rf the eyfs alone, it was
iemall'.wonder, that -he won her love. ;At
the same time", ambition, always his most
•dominant passion.* was evolving a schcni?.'
which.; though selfish;: was none the;lCs3
a brilliant" one. ;¦ *¦ ;
""Concepcion was her father's darling, ani
, he 'could, refuse her nothing.'. Through her
.Rezanof could obtain'Kreat influence with
the -General "who. In turn, was Governor
'Arellago's most, trusted friend and coun
selor. . Through ; u marriage- with Conccp
clon 'he.saw ' the ¦ consummation ' of.-'hla"
hopes. The, much desired trade might; be
established. Russian colonies would spring
up' "along", the coast, and In time. California,
itself, with all Us, wealth of treasure, might ,
belong to the Czar/ and then who shjuld
reap the reward.' if not -the man who had
brought it all, about? These were .the
dreams of. an ambitious man.' but Rezarmf
had: been a successful diplomat and fore-
or'Kort Ross was started, but for many
reasons proved a failure. With Rezanof
had died the energy necessary to per
fect the project, and it can.be easily un
derstood that General de Arguello was
not careful to fulfill his part of the bar
gain. All thirt remains now of the bril
liant schemes of the ambitious Russian
is" a ruined church, a few dilapidated
houses; a "graveyard in which repose the
bones of .the colonists and the sweet mem
ory of Conception de Arguello. whose pa
thetic story awakens a thrill of pity and
interest in the. heart of even the most
careless listener and forms one of the
many, romances which are all that Is now
left, of the picturesque life which once
graced the shores of the Pacific Slope.
BEATRIX BELLIDO DE LUNA.
¦ One. of the latest triumphs in the en
gineering world consists In the construc
tion, shipment by steamer and subsequent
transfer to railway transportation 01
a steamer of -J2Qp tons displacement, which
was finally put afloat in Lake Baikal.-Si
beria, ' not less than 5000 miles- from St.
Petersburgscientious, charitable young woman she was, just the
helpmate for a High Church curate. He had not
looked at her until they took the matter in hand. So it
has been with us all. Each owes, and admits that she
owes, her happiness largely to one or more members; of
the club, which has now been in existence for four
years. Within that time three* of us have married,
three more are engaged to men they might never have
seen, had the club not existed. At last, Sybil, it is
your turn."
"But I don't count," said ' Sybil. '"You girls only
took me in because I was a little beast and listened to
your plans. So 1 had to be initiated, and take the
oaths which bound us. because you were afraid, other
wise.' that I might let out the secret."
"As you were only sixteen it did not seem likely that
you could either need or give help for a long time to
come: but the years have passed on, and a crisis has
arrived when the club can be useful, to. you. You. are
invited to spend a month at a charming house in Nice,
full of smart people: one of the richest men iir England
'will be there with his yacht, and as he is a great friend
of Lady Fanshawe's, you would be bound to sec a good
deal of him. To be sure, he was only a grocer, and ris
now only a knight: but he is a millionaire, andbetter
fetill, he has somehow got into society.? You .would cer
tainly be the prettiest girl at Ladj' Fanshawe's: you
only need to be seen to conquer— at least, if > you can
be seen in suitable frocks. You write stqries and — '¦
sometimes— you get them accepted. ' Everybody will
suppose, that you dress andtravcl on your earnings."
"But I don't and I can't." interpolated ( ,Sybil.
"That's where we come in ;" Maud.- grandly swept
away the interruption. "How much money 'would you
need to engage a maid (you couldn't .travel alone, and
your respected Aunt isn't asked), pay- railway, fares,"
and fit yourself out for a month's campaign?"?
"I might do it all, with strict economy,- on- eighty or
ninety pounds," Sybil calculated slowly." .'That is, if I
would do such a thing—; — " '. -0 . ;, '•••.:,.
"What thing, except to see Nice, -and buy. some
pretty frocks, and go yachting? I -, quickly:' broke:- in
Maud. "The rest's a gamble — for us,.'as 1
Here's a hundred pounds, take it.. withthe;'club's,bless
ing, and write Lady Fanshawe that you 'accept her in
vitation." ; •¦¦•;., /¦' tl^K'i v:
PART lI.— THE RACE.
"To. see Nice, Ito buy some pretty, frocks? and, V.<?o
yachting?" The temptation was, hardly .tb'be; resisted
by a girl who had seen nothing, had, ndi pretty frocks,
and had never been on a yacht. . At all events, it was
not to be resisted by Sybil Hampton/Maud had clev-
• It was a copy of the 'agreement she had.sijrned ior
the satisfaction of ,the Engagement Club: and it was
so worded that her purpose in coming to Nice was un
mistakable; even the name of the intended victim had
not besn omitted. , „ . „,„ ,„„
-Sybil had not dared to leave the paper at home, leot
her aunt's prying eyesshould find it, therefore she had
brought it away with her. and had sewn it (.concealed in
a home-made bag of blue ribbon) into a pair ot stay,.
Tc-dav she was wearing others, and had been too pre
occupied to remember the bag's contents, even it she
could have dreamed of Murray's treachery.
Having read, she was for a moment too utterly dum
foundctl to snea!:; but the estimable one tilled .up the
pause. . -'\v; »
"A poor girl must, think of her own interests, miss.
And Sir Thomas Lawrence sees the original ot tms
docyment before any of us is twenty-four hours olrter,
or e l se — you pays me fifty pounds down, and X. ucs me
a written agreeineut that when you are a marne«l laoy
1 gets. the same sum regular, every year. In the cir
cumstances, miss, considerin' the mess you d be ip i*
• the gentleman was prematoorly to know what I .<nc\v3,
I think I'm very reasonable."
"You're a blackmailer— that is what you arc! gasped
Sybil. " . . * .
"It won't be for your advantage to use 'ard names,
miss. It don't matter so much what- 1 am as what Ive
go*."
"And what you mean to get. you wicked, wicked wo
man!" Sybil panted. "But you shalr not get it. You
shall get nothing. Even if I would-. I haven't it to 2tve.
I haven't fifty pounds in the world — no.v."
"You could easy get it, if you was to try, miss.
There's plenty in the house* has it; and they're all your
friend?." '-. .
"Vyhat they have, they shall keep. And you shall
go." said Sybil. She was too angry now to be arraid
of Murray: yet she dimly-.kncw- that if -she let hcrseh
stop to think, she would by-and-by be afraid. Lest
she/should be, and lest, overcome with coward.y ter
rors, she might be tempted to plead with the traitress.
Murray must instantly be sent packing. Then— but it
would bedtime enough to face the afterward five min
utes from now.
"Yes, miss. I shall go--to Sir Thomas. If you wont
make it. worth my while to stop." - '^'- -:u: u
"Thank heaven," efaculatcd Sybil, "he's not in the
house. You can't find him to tell your hateful story.
Before he come? here again you shall have left Nice,
if I have to call in the police to take you. away.
On a chair in a corner lay Murray's hat, and her
cloak neatly folded. She 'put them both on. It seemed
to Sybil, who watched each movement in a kind ot
evilfasdnption. that her face lookcd'like a snakes.
* "I. don't know as it will be so hard to rind Sir Thomss
as you stem to think, miss. When I do. I shouldn t
wonder if he'd be willing to pay something: to keep
this story out of the papers, For his own sake, miss,
not for yours. 'Taint likely he'd do: much for that
when he knows. Call the police, miss, as soon as you
like, do; but you can't expect me to wait for 'em. Good
PART lII.— THE FINISH.
Murray slipped away, leaving her late mistress
stunned. Sybil felt sick, with a cold weight as of tons
of ice on her heart: and it seemed that she had.sud
denly grown 'old. What a different girl she was from
the one who had laughed (half ashamed even then),
with the members oi the Engagement Club, at the rich
grocer, who was a fair target for Cupid's darts! How
different the whole world was. now; and how beautiful
it might have been if— but there had always been an
tifl in Sybil's life.
She had told herself when she broke away from her
lover that she must write him a letter, telling him that
she could never be his wife, and that if he loved her he
must not ask" why. It would be easier to write the
things ;that he would not let her speak; and he would
be too! chivalrous, after the appeal she meant to mike,
to open the question again.
But now she could not even write. She hoped yet
that Murray's scheme Would fail; that she might miss
Sir ' Thomas Lawrence, or that he might refuse to see
her. But she dared not count on failure. She could
never look the man she loved in the face again, even
with uncertainty in her mind, thinking that he misrht
have! heard the* disgraceful story. • Now that Murray
had gone.' Sybil could not feel safe for a moment. She
too must go— at', once. 1 '¦
' "Most'oflthe hundred pounds had been:; spent, on
lovely frocks and other pretty things, which", girls who
.aim to "be "smart" and " in the swim" must have.
There had been her railway titkets and Murray's to buy
'also, and Murray's wages, on which by a pitiful story
.she" had been led only .this morning to make an ad
vance. But there was enough left to take her home,
[r Hastily, without waiting for reflection, driven blindly
lon.by the ¦passionate desire to escape, since she was al
most certain to be found out, shescrawled an incoher
ent little note to Lady Fanshawe, full of regrets and
'gratitude. This she placed. conspicuously on her man
kt\. knowing that b>\ the evening at latest." it would
;surely.bc discovered. Then, with a small bae hidden
'under her long traveling cloak, she stole from the
house, luckily meeting no one.
i She did not kno.v at what time she might hope for
a train to Marseilles, but it would be something even to
: gct out of Nice, in any, direction, before Sir "Tom"
JLawrence's accusing eyes had looked into hers.
I There was not. she discovered at the bijr railway
'station, another through express until nicrht; but she
(could go as far as Cannes, if she chose, and wait there.
She did choose; and an hour and a half later a forlorn
figure was wandering along the Promenade de la Croi
•sette.in the blue, moonlit darkness, and shivering in the
! wintry chill of the Riviera nicht.
i '¦¦ She did notknow .that she was cold and hungry; she
[only "khew that she was utterly miserable, and that for
iher the -world had -suddenly; come to an end. She
wished that she might come to an end, too. as she stood
still to gaze wistfully at the 'sea. The path of moon
light on the black water looked cold and cruel as a
sword of steel. No one here in Cannes knew her; no
one cared what happened to her. "What is to become
of me?", she murmured half aloud.
"You're going to be my wife," said a well-known
voice, and there was Sir Thomas Lawrence.
She started as if he had struck her; but he gave hsr
no time to fly.
"I tried the railway station at Nice," he said quite
-coolly, though he had caught her hands, and held them
as if in a vise. "So it was easy enough to find out
what train you had taken. I followed in a special. I
never could stand waiting for anything I wanted, you
see. I thought I'd caught sight of you, five minutes
ago, but it's so dark, I couldn't be sure till this instant.
My darling child, your hands arc like ice."'
"So is my heart," she cried chokingly. "You know —
everything." . -
"I wish I did!" "he exclaimed. /'But I'm not so wise
as you think. I suppose you mean — I've seen that wo
man. Well. I haye — the little beast! She met me in
the street, and said she had a message from you; and
when I'd sent her about her business, I hurried back to
Lady Fanshawe's — you were gone. Nobody know*
but Lady Fanshawe and myself, and nobody will know;
' for it's only seven o'clock now and my special will
take us both back in time for half- past eight dinner." *
"I can never go back," said Sybil in a frozen voice.
"Oh, why. did you follow me?"
"To tell you, first of all, what a huge laugh I've had
— over that woman's story. It is the best ioke.l ever
heard." ' ¦ . , • ¦ "- \ . .
"But it's true — true!: That's the reason I meant to
refuse your love, because — I couldn't be your wife
without confessing, and I—lI — I would have 'died sooner
than you should know:" { - : : *
"Then you are a very selfish little girl," remarked
Sir Tom, "and a very foolish one. too. . Jove!._. l
shouted with laughter* when "I saw that paper the wo
man-had. I believe she thought I was mad.- So-it's
true, is it. you poor little frightened child? Then J
shall laugh again, if you'll excuse me. at all you fnnny
school girls. And wouldn't you have come to Nice, if
it hadn't been for the— ha. ha! the Engagement Club?"
"No— l— Oh. don't take it sol" ~*~
.-"There's no other way. to take it, my child. You do
•; Yes. But I'm not ; worthy— ';
,- At the ape of -nineteen — (isn t it?) you ye repented
jour sins: I'm your first, last Wild Oat. Yon must
.stop and see me come up,: now you've sown. me. As
for- the Engagement Club— you owe it a hundra-1
pounds — I owe it my^happiness (for I mean, to have it>
and Ithink the payment ought to' be diamonds. All
the' unmarried members shall be your bridesmaids —
and a bridegroom "is expected to make presents.'" To
night, at dinner, .don't look too self-conscious, childie,
vhen I drink the health of the 'Engagement Club.*" .
V3l Ilichis Beserved.)
}T isn't as if any of us wanted him for ourselves," sa-d
Maud Kardwickc.
"Thank goodness, no, we're all provided lor,"
purred Kate Anderson with a restful sifih. (She
was the oldest and plainest member of the EngaßemcrH
Club, and perhaps there were troubled recollections >>i
storm before haven in her mind.)
"Syb is the last of us," went on Maud, "and I realty
think it"s our duty to do well by her. None of you can
say she i^n't a girl to bring us credit."
The 6vc who had listened called up a mental vision
of the absent men.ber, and it -was sufficiently charming
to justify the spokeswoman's challenge.
"What would be the smallest amount she could man
age en?" asked Edith Warren, who had always been
practical, particularly since her marriage.
"She couldn't do it well under ninety pounds at
least," said Maud, "and if she didn't do it well, it
wouldn't be any use trying to do it at all. Pretty as she
is. she'll have dangerous rivals; and then there are lots
of emergencies one can't count on. We owe it to our
selves, if we go in tor this, to give her every chance."
"Dear me. that would mean fifteen pounds apiece for
the six of us," pondered Edith, with knitted brows.
"Yes," Maud admitted. "But I'll lell you what I'll'
do, girls. This is my scheme: and as I'm proposer, I
don't mind giving ten founds more than any one else,
and making the purse up to a round hundred."
"I've had- a lot of expenses, this. year,"v sighed or? Z
Drew, who was a bride. "But then, as you say. Syb'sl
the last of us, as well as the prettiest, and I'll try to man
age it if the rest v.i-1."
"If she's the prettiest, she ought to have gone off w:t:i
less bother," retorted Kate Anderson, with a certain
sharpness. "I'm sure nothing oi this sort was ever ar
ranged for any of us, yet see how well we have all done. '
"We all have money." said Maud, with meaning.
'"Sybil alone i* poor. Several little affairs fell throuEii
with most of us, before everything was satisfactorily set
tled, and this is to be the first hook Sybil has ever
baited. She is almost a child — barely nineteen— and is
handicapped by her poverty and her impossible aunt.
This is a great opportunity ior her; she must not be al
lowed to lose it. or it will be a disgrace to the club. Be
sides, if she wins, we get our money back. This is a
part of the proposal.'
"Dees Sybil know?" asked Nora.
"Not yet — r.ot a word. In using the word 'proposal,'
I meant mine, of course, not hers; nor the one we want
her to get!" and Maud laughed. "When she lold me
tl-at Lady Fanshawe had taken a fancy to her. invited
her to spend a month at Nice, hinting that Sir Thomas
Lawrence wouid be there, and so on. the poor child had
no hope of accepting. Without a penny to pay.for her
fare, or a maid's wages, to say nothing of a lot of smart
frocks to compete with the other "maids in a market
garden.' what good was it to tantalize herself with the
[bought? She was on the point of writing to Lady
Farshawe that she was awfully obliged, but circum
j^ances beyond her control would prevent her from po
irg. when I appeared on the scene. At once I had a
brilliant inspiration, and without, letting Syb guess
what it was. i begged that she would put off answering
Laoy Farina a c's letter till the next day, when we
should tee each other at the club meeting. That's the
reason I wired you all to be sure to come, and to ar
rive an hour before the u.-ual time." Maud glanced at
the watch on her bracelet, a present from her lover.
"Syb n:ay turn up at any moment now." she went on,
"and we haven't yet reached a definite deci.-ioh. All
girls in' favor of the pool ray 'Aye;' all against it, 'No:' "
There was a chorus of "Ayes" more or less enthusi
astic; but without a dissenting voice.
"Good!" cried M2ud: "Now you understand why 1
wired the request that no member would come without
blank checks, or c*sh to the amount of fifteen, pounds
in her pocket." The meeting of the club was being
he.d in her studio (for Maud played at being an artist).
and hrstily emptying various pret:y odds and ends from
a Dresden china bowl, she passed it round with a grave
iace. "Might as well settle the thing up once for all,
and have it done with," she said, being secretly of the
opinion thr.t it was not well to delay in taking a wom:n
it her "ord. ' : ".-..- v
Ed;th Warren was the last to drop her contribution
into the bowl. "I thinV Sybil ought to sign an agree
ment that she will repay us within six months after her
marriage, if the thing comes oft." said she. as she slowly
bid en the accumulated mass of wealth three five-pound
r.otes.
As she spoke the door opened. "Miss Sybil Hamp
ton," announced a footman.
Sybil could not have come at a less opportune mo
ment. If she had waited rive minutes longer all would
have been comfortably arranged; and it would only hay?
remained to inform the youngest member of the club.
in the most tactful way possible, of the scheme so suc
cessfully organized for her benefit.
"What agreement am I to sign, girls?" inquired the
new comer, with a face expressive of curiosity and
surprise. It was also a face of great beauty. Some
day. when Sybil Hampton was twenty years older per
hap?. people would begin to perceive that her features
vcre far from regular, and that she was nothing so won
ccrful after all; but in the flower-bloom of her early
youth the was brilliantly lovely. The six older girls
were exquisitely dressed, and Sybil was in a shabby
blue serge and a straw sailor hat. which looked out of
keeping with the crisp December weather: but as she
came into the «tudio, the rose and pearl of her com
plexion, the violet of her eyes, and the gleaming chest
nut cf her hair, seemed to drain half the color and
charm of youth from the other 'faces.
"Sit down and have some tea, and we'll tell you
everything," promised Maud. •'_• '
Sybil sat down, and was presently sipping tea and
nibbling a salmon sandwich. "Don't keep me in sus
pense." said she.
"We won't," answered Maud. - "This club, as you
i:re aware, is. called, among ourselves, the Engagement
Club. Outside.it is supposed to be a charitable organi
zation, and is known as the 'Golden. Rule Society' — an
appropriate (if somewhat misleading) name, since we
are certainly banded together to do to each other what
we would have done to ourselves. We all went to the
same school, we seven, and since childhood have been
intimate friends. Since we began to tuck up our hair,
and untuck our frocks, we realized and discussed to
gether the fact that charming girls as we all undoubted
ly were, we labored under certain disadvantages. In
the fir^t place ours is a small town, and singularly des
titute of men. Our fathers have money — most of them
— but not enough to class us as heiresses. There isn't
a title among us; we're just ordinary, good-looking,
middle class girls, without influence, great connections,
or money enough to make us prizes in the matrimonial
market. Yet we were all either romantic or ambitious:
we asked a pood deal of life, and we meant to have it;
f-n after much talk we banded together, vowing to help
one another to success in the marriage market. It was
through me that Edith met my cousin Jack Warren,
who wouldn't have bought the Firs and settled in the
neighborhood if I hadn't persuaded him. Then when
be casually mentioned, after a dinner at our house, that
'Edith Greenhall was a nice girl.' I did everything I
knew how to make a match. In return Edith persuaded
Jack to ask Captain Vance down to the Firs, after that
dance in London, when he and I first met. I admit,
frankly, that if his memory had not been jojrged in that
fzshion he would probably have forgotten all about me.
As it is, you know we have been engaged for six
months, and though I have the money, my grandfather
kept a public house, while his was an earl."
"You kno\" you love him. Maud." broke in Sybil,
Impatient st the loner r»r?r»n->h'- j: ,
THE i SUNDAY CALL.
dances, and dinners, and drives, and teas at Escoffier's
and Rumpelmayer's, the other girls had come to th-i
conclusion that their game was up. As they were good
natured 'girls in the 'mainland there were other ex
cellent fish Vin> the sea; though , this', very big one was
hooked Jay a rival, they, resigned themselves to spend
the remainder of their visit in watching the play -from
the-s:aJk. . •"• < . • J - ''•'¦'
: They all -thought that beautiful as she was. little
Sybil Hampton was ». an extraordjnarily, lucky/young
woman, and that she ought to be;"wild with io><; in the
assurance that. "Sir Tom" was -head over ears^in .love
with her. If they could' have seen through the;'charm-,
ing bodices of; the. charming frocks; (bought^ with a
goodly ; portion of the hundred pounds) .'• into. ,- Sybil's
Jieart, they would { have j been ' shocked : and/ surprised:
for in truth the girl Was far. from ". joyous. :« 'The more
certain she became that "Sir Tom" loved her and that
•she loved him ' in return, the deeper she __ waded *into
depths of misery. This was because, unfortunately, she
had a conscience— an unruly, restless conscience- that
refused to lie down and be quiet when she told it to.
.While the millionaire had been an unknown quan
tity, a mere money-bag to be annexed, -by beauty, the
girl who;had never loved had been able to; endure the
'position in which the club had placed her. But. now
that he was a living, breathing man. handsome, and gal
lant and trusting — all that her girlish dream* would
have pictured a lover to be— she was weightedjdown by
a sense of shame and unworthiness almost greater than
she could bear. She hated herself, and. the thine she.
had done. If "Sir Tom" did not propose, she would
be wretched, because her heart cried out for his love.
If he did propose, she would be equally desperate, be
cause that troublesome conscience of hers declared that
she could not accept him without confessing the whole
truth: and rather than so lower herself an his* esteem,
she felt that she must sacrifice all chance of future hap
piness, and refuse him. As for the debt with which she
would thus be saddled, by contrast with;, the srreater
burden of loss the remembrance of it, dwindled into in.-.,
significance. :. • - •' '\
"She 1 had quite, decided on what her course must be,
when he did propose; and then things were not so easy.
She had imagined herself saying "no," and; going qui
etly away. to be forever miserable. -But she;had'."reck : '
oned. without her host," and. that is to say, without Sir
¦ Thomas. ' ''..'¦
"My. darling, .-can't -yc^ jovs...?A:i -¦¦ ss — '
if he chose to buy a penniless beauty of good family,
with his fortune made in trade. Sybil had fancied the
possibility of -marrying", for money, if this chance the
club had given should bring an offer. She had never
been in Jove, and she contemplated such a bargain with
comparative callousness. The club— if not the country
—expected it of her: and should the fat. middle-aged
grocer, propose to the "prettiest girl at Lady ..Fan
shawe's" sh<! was bound not to disappoint the club,. In
her heart -she had half, hoped that he would not pro
pose, for the written agreenient (of which she kept a
copy as a reminder) .-.stipulated', that in such a case she
was to ...be, held' free- of indebtedness. If Sir Thomas
was not to-be caught, the club had played and lost.
But if. on the contrary, he laid his millions at ¦' Sybil's
feet, and she* through romantic foolishness, refused
them, then she must come home owing the club a hun
dred pounds, to pay as best she could. -
Therefore Sybil had thought it would prove a mat
ter not altogether for regret,, if the elderly and stuff>
parsonage failed to propose. But.. when she had been
at Lady FanshawcVfor a t day and a half. Sir Thomas
Lawrence was announced ; and behold, he was | neither
stuffynor elderly; nor was there. a "trade mark., visible
upon him. He was thirty-eight or forty perhaps, and
looked a knight by nature as well as by royal favor. It
was almost impossible to believe that the tall, handsome
man, with clean shaven, clear-cut features, keen,-hu
morous brown eyes, and dark hair just powdered with
silver, had when a boy; served behind a' counter. He
had! a fine, soldierly bearing".' the- pleasant accent of an
English gentleman; and there ,was ho subject on which
he" did not appear singularly well" informed. ;It was
easy.' to' see , how his - graces of I manner ' and person,- as
well as his . millions', ¦;. had .won «him • a placej mi society :
and" Sybil - Hampton ; experienced V; o'dd >*. little? jealous
pangs wrjen she, saw- how 4 the. 6thcr : girls* in Lady, Fan
shawe's .house-party; appreciated him. i. Not that she was
stabbed *by "fearV of ; losing"; her -chance at the' millions,
beneficently provided by .;¦ the ; club : but * because, 1 ? from
the first moment 'of ; their meeting. : the millions receded
behind 1 the m?n.v - 4 .- *
•Never, had ¦ Sybil seen any one in whom "she had been
so ' interested, ; whom ; she would so : much like ! to inter
est in ! herself. 'She could r scarcely, credit: her-awnfgood
luck;. when,' aftijr^a' fewi'daysi'' it: began 'to~ be ; apparent,
that "Sir .Tom": (as Lady ; Fanshawe called ..him) had
eyes for ho'orie'else. • He was a man quick ; to make up
hislmind-thatchefwanted; a' thing, (equally quick .to* re
solve that. : if the thing 'could be i got.' he would /get •, it.
This; had \ been • one of the ' secrets ¦. of his extraordinary
success in life; - and when his yacht •-'..' Lorelei" had^been
in '¦• harbor for : a week, and - there • had " been : various
• * ¦ ' ./¦ - ¦ ¦ ?¦¦--.;- ¦..,,•-¦¦-. : .... -. , ¦
when he had looked straight into her eyes and see.,
something that ''contradicted the words. And Sybil
tried to reply that it was impossible, but only managed
a little sob instead. ;Then Sir Tom took her in his arms
(fortunately it: was in a Very retired corner of, -Lady
Fanshawe's garden, in a perfect .thicket of palms, when
every one else had gone, indoors for fear -of the .mistral I
and naturally the girl's resolution evaporated fike the
morning sea mists under the noonday sun. •* He was so
big and strong and masterful, that before he had let her
go. he; had nearly wrung a "yes" from her — though not
quite. She* did love' him a little— yes. a great deal— but
there was something in the way; she couldn't— no. it
was impossible that she could tell what, r Well, at lea6t
she must 'think-rhe must' wait. She must have to-night
for reflection, s . ' .
She would certainly not have got it had not her maid
appeared, with a smug countenance and a wrap Which
Lady Fanshawe was said to have sent out to her. Sir
Thomas Lawrence's feelings toward the estimable Mur
ray were far from friendly;/ as he' stood watching her
neat figure tripping away behind^her; mistress, who had
insisted ong oing at once into the. house. But thev
would, have' been less amiable, could he have played
eavesdropper during the conversation which almost im
mediately after took place in Sybil's bedroom.
M "It wasn't Lady Fanshawe as sent you the wrap,
miss,"* announced the invaluable person who had trav
eled to Nice" as Sybil's chaperon as well as servant. "I
saw you from the window, a-going into the garden with
Sir Thomas,- and -I thought Mt was -getting about time
.for you to come in." . ; .-. . ? .
.. Sybil stared. The woman's .usual tone of respect
; was changed. Voice and , eyes alike were brimful" of
- '".What do you mean. Murray?" she
hauchtily. said. • • .
¦ ?'¦- "Thejfact is, mis*; I made sure of what was happen
ing out there;, it's, been common talk in the servants'
'all .that you'd caught the millionaire, and he was only
; waitiri' r for; his . chance .to. propose. And I didn't want
'.matters to go'too far one way or*. the other, miss, before
iyou and me, had had a little talk."
'v"Yo'u : .must;bc'"madV.-' ''exclaimed Sybil, really alarmed
for her/ maid's sanity— though'; Murray "; had hot the
face! of: one 'whose reasoning powers were readily : un
balanced/ ¦• i .
¦,:?,"Oh. not at all. miss. I : dp assure : you. . But 'ere's a
copy. of something. l found among your things (I think
its-b etter, to" keep .the. original-, in : ai; safe place) and I
thought J-tny^-'avin fir, it might make some -difference with
you and the gentleman." •- : '
¦"She held oufa : slip\6f paper/; defaced with 'her own
cru*de. writing; Sybil 'read,', hardly knowing \yhat she
"(¥d.'; ;.-•,; ,-" ¦ ;:.'.-;:-.' "."¦.,: •.'-./: .-./." ¦,'*, . ?.."..
'"Of course I do. But lam confining myself to busi
ness in- this conversation, you will presently see why.
lean Alford helped Nora: Edith and Nora in combina
tion brought Kate Anderson and Mr. Smith tozether.
by dinning into_ his ears what a noble, con-
erly kept the man's figure in the background of : the
picture, in " painting its allurement ; and so Sybil easily
lorgot liim. until j she had bought the dresses, and _ was
on the wayitb /do the other -things that she desired.
Then she remembered that she had accepted her friends'
money for a specific purpose, and if she failed to carry
out her. part, she would be a hundred pounds in debt—
a load which . appeared crushing to a girl who got.
through a year on ; forty.
She thought about this a great dfal during the jour
ney, finding.it difficult to look the irreproachably ex
cellent new. maid in the face; and was altogether ex
tremely unhappy. If she could have undone the agree
ment,'and been back again -in- the home grudgingly
made hers by a dyspeptic aunt, she would have undone
it. But into the' midst of her repentance broke .a
gleam of Riviera sunshine, a golden light on a sapphire
sea: she saw white-winged yachts in harbor: and red.
rocky shores;. and creamy houses set among palms; and
cactuses, and scarlet salvia^and plenty of happy, care
less-looking people who apparently . had nothing _ on
earth to do save to enjoy themselves in this bright,
warm world 'of enchantment; then straightway the win
ter .of discontent vanished from her memory. The
fact that she was a little adventuress who had borrowed
a hundred pounds on the chance that her pretty face
and new frocks might entrap a parvenu millionaire,
lately admitted into society, slipped down into some dim
corner of her brain; and she also became one of the
happy careless' ones— here to enjoy herself, like the
others.
Her first pang of recollection came when she saw
Sir Thomas Lawrence. Somehow his name had
sounded elderly sss stuffy. He had -seemed fair game.
4
THE ENGAGEMENT CLUB5
MI; suyDAycALL.
HINTS TO THE LADIES FAIR
ON THE VERY LATEST STYLES
FOR THIS SPRING'S WEAR
BLACK and white, says Dame Fash
ion and black and white you must
be from the tips of your toes— !n
other words, hose which are zc
braic In make up— to the top of your
pompadour, over which waves a feathery
aigrette or on which rest a black and
white bonnet. It is not new, this com
binction, eimply more popular and conse
quently found In every imaginable style
and material. And women should be
thankful. It is economy itself, almost
universally becoming; those few com
plexions which can't wear the one next to
the face can the other, and th«-re you are.
In combining black and white one can
use her own judgment, havina the lines
most severe or soft and loose. Stitched
band?, fancy braids and heavy lace ap
plique are raon used, white satin being
the foundation for all the trimming.
For house wear ftunnlng gowns are
fashioned of crep<: de chine with broad
bands of white patin stitched in black.
The bands -vary in width, those on the
skirt lTirg broader than those on the
bodice. Tailor gowns whose Jackets have
broad revers arc faced with white satin
and then trimm<»d to suit the wearer.
Soft, f.utty fronts are worn with them,
and to the woman who does not like to
count the years she has lived they are Im
mensely becoming.
Black gowns for evening wear are very
much the vogue. They are made of net
heavily jetted cr of billowy chiffon or
clingir.g crepe. All have a decided flare
around the feet. The oodices— there Is
nothing to them, and the effect of snowy
enou'.ders and araa is dazzling.
J"or altcrsoon wear clack tsSeta. U very
smart and can be trimmed with chiffon
and white lace or with • white machine
Pitching. Kven debutantes are wearing
them, but as a matter of fact they make
the girl wearer look older, and are better
suited to young matrons. ; •
The blouses for spring wear are entirely
new and very fetching. Accordion pleat
inps are playing an important \ part in
their making. One made of accordion
pleated white chiffon covered with a thin"
black gauze run with lines of beading in
black or some color is as dainty and be
coming as possible. The shirt waists to
wear in the morning or under a Jacket are
made of the soft satin. One very stylish
cue in black and white is in the striped
effect. There Is a small yoke In back, but
non^ In front, a double box pleat of white
satin, broad at me top and narrow at the
waist line with glass buttons for fasten
ing and a whit«'"satin stock with a nobby
bow- completes the .waist.
A v£ry girlish waist Is-made oftueked
white taffeta. Us particular feature being
a deep collar, which "¦¦ is- made, of several
pieces, one shorter than the "other. . The
high whlte'stoek has a bow of white silk
fastened in front. and the band covering
the opening is stitched. The separate
pieces of the collar may' have a narrow
black piping, the stock. stitched in black
and aleo the band down the front, carry-
Ing out the black and white. Some of
these accordion-pleated blouses have a
long tie of the same material accordion
pleated, the ends wide and falling to the
waist line.. ¦
The satin-faced cloths . which were
worn this winter are to" be .-"worn this
ssrlns. only In lighter v.elghC Oac gown
made of thlfl material Is trlmmld with
the same material In white. The bodice
has a deep couar mad* of. three pieces,
one shorter than the other; each piece Is
edged with a narrow band of black velvet
and through the center of each piece are
small dots made of silk or by sewing on
a small black bead. ; The stock and ..vest
are of white. The 'bodice fastens a little
to the left with a jeweled buckle. The
belt Is of the white'; with, the .."velvet and
the tiny beads. The skirt Is pleated and
without trimming.; . v : '
A word about these't new skirts. . In the
cloth they are apt" to.b e a; trifle -iheavy
and. unless carefully made, clumsy.' 'xney
take a great deal of material, and the
woman whose gowns j must 'wear, longer
than one season would better think 'twice
before having {• one 1 made7 '.:_ In \: summer
gowns it Is perfectly safe to -follow the
style: those which have: to be laundered
often are the only exception."- In: the soft
silks, challies and Jark; ginghams' the
pleated skirts are a 1a 1 good Investment.
Back to theblack and white effects. A
tea'gewn in theemplre ' prlncesse- effect,
made of black satin; with .an underdress
of stripped | black and white silk trimmed
with bands' of 'white! guipure -lace; looks
well, on a tall" woman. The yoke Ms', out
lined ,wlth the lace, and the \ sleeves i.'are
covered with bands of it. ..A; sash' of soft,
black satin' with; chenille fringed ends is
tied over one arm and falls to the floor.".-
The stocks to be worn with* the" black
and; white shirt waists or any shirt j are
many and pretty.; One of. the. newest la
of biack satin,, embroidered with- silver
beadfe. and. has long ends : of lace which
are xl eatc<^ to. the stock and are held in
place by. a silver buckle, \
Hats to be worn this season are a trifle
smaller than those of last. 'Coarse straws
and glittering/ gauzy things are going to
be the, correct things. And tulle— tulle un
tll^you cannot; rest: Mn ; fact,, most of -the
hats are ".made entirely of f It- Hats of
fold "after fold of chlfi'Qh. with several
tints Introduced, are'ln good form; though
contrasts are not 'the; rule thla season.
One, ; to be perfectly gowned," must be all
one color from head to foot. Black lace
is much used In trimming, the thin, fine
varieties being given preference. And, by
the way. not only lace proper is the fad
of the hour, but everything which has a
lace effect. It is shown In cloth, silk or
panne cut out in guipure designs and
forms yokes and chemisettes and Is shown
in panels and deep insertions.
Deep corselet belts are very much in
vogue and are very friendly aids in tho
remodeling of old waists- Black velvet la
favored, aa it may appear in the cravat
as well. The belt Is fastened at one side
with handsome buttons or with a knot
and f rinsed ends. Panne Is better than
other velvet, as it drapes so easily.
Million Dollar
Music.
Ocean 's Ghastly
Grist.
'."The expanses of An opera company like
that | which Mr. '-¦ Grau manages 'average
from $40,000 to 145,000 a. week, or about <!,
000,000 a season.',' writes Gustave Kobb3 Id
'Ainslee's ' for .March. '.'How ! greatly the |
principal singers figure In the" expense list
may be judged from* the; statement* that
their ' guarantees amount to ' about '¦, on-?-"
half,' or $500,000. Quoting the exact rtguif*
! from '-last season's - balance: sheet, it . Is .
found that J the ( prima \ donnas received
$216,500," and the pritipal men" singers Vtl'..
000. a total of $532JW0. - Is It policy to" pay
such high" salaries? The]question ,;s an
swered by- the' statement made to me by
Mr.*'- Grau' that -the: performances, which
cost him most pay ; him " best." \ ¦ The . public
knows when If Is gettihga great cast, ami
Is ' willing; to put outmoneyto hear it. It
may -have cost 'over* 110,000 to raise the
curtain on the> 'seven; dollar' performance
of *Les ! Huguenots'- with Melba.'Nordicf.
•'Jean.* 'Edouard.'-Lasalle i and Maurel.* But
the public paid nearly $14,000 to 'hrar I*.
""Speaking of (Ke boxes." it Isan Interest
ing - fact that : the \ ownership of a. • box -at
¦the -Metropolitan Opera-house has -proved
Itself "a; profitable Investment."; The- par
terre boxes, which are Held. by, the stock
holders.'represent 135.C00 In stock. . One .--f
the .boxes, belonging : to an estate^could re
cently have been' sold far $72,000, but fibp
;estate : preferred to keep it. 'The value of
- b": Tafterre box "is ; $10ft ' a \ night, and ' the
eto-kholders^ pay half ; this amount: to tli"
Maurice; Grau .Opera , Company. ". There
have been two instances this season of the
letting o| stockholder boxes " for : $6000 fcr
¦ "During the gales of last winter, un
equaled in the records of . the Hydro
graphic Office for force ami persistency,
more than. twenty tramp steamers were
lost. "Ten 4 w"ere never heard - from after
leaving port. More than '150 broke their
shafts. In over a score of instances they
also lost their propellers, and were saved
from "being overwhelmed by sea anchors,
which held their heads to the combers,
and a liberal use of oil which smoothed
down the crests. Some of the underbal
laste«l tramps from British ports, which,
in-pleasant weather." make the voyage. to
Sandy Hook In fifteen days, were thirty
five -days and forty days j breasting tho
great winter Kales. Two of them rolled
their, funnels out and another spent fif
teen days cither attempting to make her.
way 'through the crested billows or wal-*
lowing- In the trough. CUffllke waves,
breaking In cataracts over her weather
bow, j or • leaping aboard amidships. ' car
ried away all her" lifeboats. She rolled at
an angle of nearly 45 degrees, the rolling
period being twelve or- fifteen times a
minute for hours and hours together.
During these fifteen days the weary skip
per found, when he bad a chance to make
an observation, that the ship had made
149 knots leeway. In this tumultuous pe
riod- very few- of the officers were able
to get any sleep, except the merest cat
naps. -The food was hardly fit to eat
through bad cooking, the cook being nna
ble to work properly, and the water, im
pregnated by the searching brine from,
invading seas and spoondrift. did. not dart
much toward qu-hichlng thirst. '— Ainsiea #
Magazine.; THE' HOLY FAMILY..;
And the gtxxj Schoolmaster he smote that" chief,
H* smote both hlps'and he smote both thighs;
And he said as he emote.*' "lt is my belle*
This beard is about your size." .'
Beware the bully, of his words"; beware.
His triangTilar. lips are a.nest of ,'lies.'
For he never did' dare and he never will dare, ¦
To bang a boy of his size."' .
"The Man of Galilee."
There Is always a pleasure and satisfac
tion in reading the writings of a man who
Is thoroughly, imbued with the conviction
of - his opinions and -who throws himself
Byß.lPlockhO'**-
by. Frank W. : Gunsaulus, D.D.", published
by , the Monarch" Book Company,, of Chi
cago:; .:.••:' \-'^- ¦[':_':¦ '¦¦:'.:. - -¦'.. ¦- ', ¦'¦ .
. In -speaking! of 'how the .bookiwas writ
ten and what he hopes It will accomplish,
Dr.i Gunsaulus 'says::'. ,: : ' ' ,v
';: "For twenty ; years 'I, have been writing
downithe; results ?of- my of the
career and character,' the. mission and in
fluence of Jesus of -Nazareth. vWithln the
last two, years ; 1 1 have", been 'permitted to
gather; these :, results '% together/ and*, give
them a -"chronological .¦ and 'unifying rela
tionship.- 1 - The view of Jesus Christ set
forth in the book appears to me not less
him I to- that j faith and ¦ experience
know hlm,~accordant. with the sacred rec
¦ ords,- has been . the aim and hope of ' my
work.". 7 , ¦
' The book is profusely illustrated with
copies of j famous, paintings ' relating to the
time of Chris t,f and excellent • photographs
taken |at j the present date , of | the I country
where dwelt the Master of Men. The au
thor- has carefully avoided all j theological
controversy : and ' has • aimed "to present ' a
narrative of Christ's life from the manger
at Bethlehem ?to i the cross . on Golgotha.
He has especially depicted the human side
of Jesus' character. _ .;'-•_;- -y/.y-p ,___
ie«* pomoiy expressed, means aggression,' for
¦which there Is a still less polite word readily
fruessed. On behalf of these, the big British
Empire, weapon In hand, growls out to the
little Beer republic. 'Do as 1 bid you.'
"I have always thought that nobleness Is
shov.n in trratlnsr tenderly those who are rela
tively feel>l<\ and even pacrlficlnfr on their be
half Fomothins to which there Is a just claim.
Hut if current opinion is right, I must have
been wrong."
The initial poem of the book is a mar
vel of strenRth and virility. It first ap
peared in the Sunday Call of October 15,
1SW. and frequent requests have been
made for a reprint. It is herewith given:
The fiwnnl of Gideon. Sword of God
Be with ye, Boers. Brave men of peace
Ye hewed the rath, ye brake the sod,
Te fed white flocks of fat increase
Where Saxon foot had never trod;
Where Haxon'foot unto this day
Had measured not, bad never known
Had ye not bravely led the way
And made such happy home your own.
I think CJod's house must be such home.
The priestess mothers choristers
Who *pln and weave nor care to roam
Beyond this white Ood's house of hers
But spinning sing and spin again.
I think such silent shepherd men
Must like that few the prophet sings —
Most Il!«e thet few stout Abram drew
Triumphant o'er the slaughtered Kings.
Defend Ood's house! I^et fall the crook.
Draw forth the plowshare from the cod
And trust, as In the Holy Book,
The Sword of Gidecfn and. of God;
God and the right! Knough to fight
A million reriments of wrong.
Defe-nd! Nor count what ccmes of It.
God's battle bides net with the strong;
And pride must fall. Lo, It is writ!
Great England's Gold; how stanch she fare*
Fame's wine cup pressing her proud lips —
Her checkerboard of battle squares
Uimmed round by steel-built battleships!
And jet mcanwhiies ten thousand miles
¦ ehe seeks ye out. Well, welcome her!
Give hor such welcome with such will
As Uoston cave In battle's whir
That red, dread day at Bunker Hill.
The last poem in the book has rather a
Kipling flavor- to it, and is such a big
hammer that It can hardly miss hitting a
few nails. Whether it will be appreciated
by Mr. Millfr's English friends mentioned
in his opening paragraphs or not Is an
other question. It appears under the title,
"Fight a Boy Your Size," and reads as
follows:
Hark, far back in that backwoods school
Of Lincoln, Grant and the great we prize.
We boys would' fight, but we had one rule
You must fight a boy of your eize.
Or white boy or brown, aye, Boer no doubt,
Whatever the quarrel, whatever the prize.
You must Etand up fair and so fight it out
With a boy somewhat your size.
But a big boy spoiled so for fights, he 'did,
He HeU most dlDlomatlc-like lies *'*>.
And he fought such fights— ye gods forbid-
But never a boy of his size.
He skinned and he' tanned, kept * hide, kept
hair, ... . . ,
Now I am epeaklne figure- wise— '_ , ',_ ; ,
reading and holds the interest from begin
ning to end. ' The patriotic wave which
! iias swept over the . country during the
past year has adjusted the public mind to
tho proper pitch for the enjoyment of af
fairs "martial and the deeds of American
heroes. .
Mr. Fitch's play is presented in' four
acts. The first act o;»en3 with a scene in
the Union Grammar School house. New
London. Conn.. In 1773, with Nathan Hale
as the school teacher and very much in
love with one of his fair pupils, Alice
Adams. Hale Is temporarily absent, the
school being In charge of his assistant.
Lebanon; but Nathan soon appears on the
scene with news of the battle of Lexing
ton, and so inspires his young pupils with
the accounts of victory that they all an
nounce their Intention to form a company
with him as their leader, despits the re
monstrances of Fitzroy, the would-be
lover of Alice Adams and an officer In the
English army, who has come to call a
meeting of Royalists in the s*choolhou-»e
The act closes with Nathan the accepted
lover of Alice Adams and the announce
ment of his intention to join the Contlnen
•tal army.''
The next act is laid a year later, and In
,it the dialogue shows Fitzroy ' Ftlll an
English officer but regarded In the light
of a blackguard, while Nathan llaie's
great deeds are on every lip. Alice i?
still constant, and a very pretty scene
takes place between her and Nathan upon
their first meeting since th» school days.
.The Continental army is in bad straits
through lack of information of the con
templated movements of the English
forces, and at a- meeting of the American
officers a volunteer* is called- for to go
through the lines, and act, as * a spy.
Nathan,. volunteers and is accepted, al
though there is a storm of protest from
his fellow-officers, with whom he is a
great favorite. Alice, who, has overheard
the conference and its "result, rushes. Into
Nathan's ; arms and implores, him not to
go., The act. closes with this powerful
scene between Hale and .his betrothed.
True patriot, he risks his life's dearest
love for the sake.of.hl3 country, "bows
his. head and slowly goes from the room.
Alice, with -a . faint, heart-broken* cry,
sinks limply to'the floor, her father hurry-
Ing to her as the curtain falls."
The nest two acts witness the success
of Fltzroy In, accomplishing the doom of
Nathan, Hale and the curtain falls with
the martyred patriot at the foot of the
gallows. .
• The book contains many halftone . pic
tures of the actors and actresses ; of the
original cast— a delicate bit of advertising
for. the enterprising. theatrical manager
(R. H. Russell. New York; *1, 25.)
"(\t Start arjd Finish."
A little volume whose dedication will at
once insure its popularity has , come re
cently : • from - Boston. William Lindsey
gives to the athletic world in general and
college men in particular a refreshing col
lection of cinder, path incidents, which he
dedicates to the four teams . of Old and
XeW England— Oxford. Cambridge. Har-
written . fairly, without animosity, but
with the breath of liberty in every line.
In a .brief Introduction Mr. . Miller can
didly states his attitude in the deplorable
Boer-EngHsh affair.
Find here not on* ill word for brave old Eng
land; ray first, bert friends were KoKltsh. But
for her policy, her politicians, her speculators,
what man with a heart in him can but hate
and- abhor them? Ensjand's best friends to
day are those who deplore this assault on the
farmer Hoer*. ho like ourselves a century back.
Could any man' be found strong enough tn
stay her hand with sword or r*n In this mad
hour, that man would deserve her la&tin?;
K.-atitude. ThiK feeling of abhorrence holds In
England as well os here. Take for example
the followirc from her ablest thinker to a
friend In Philadelphia:
"I rejoice that you and others are bent on
ohowins that there are some among: us who
think the national honor Is not beln* enhanced
by putting down the weak. Would that age
and 111 health did not prevent m from aid
ing. , .
•So one ran deny that at the time of the
Jameson raid the aim of the Outlanders and
the raiders was to usurp the Transvaal Gav
ernment. and he must be willfully blind who
does not see what the Outlanders failed to do
by bullets they hope presently to <ln by votes,
and only those who. white Jealous of their
own independence, regard but little the Inde
pendence of people who stand in thrir way.
can fall to sympathize, with the Boers In their
resistance to political extinction.
• - It is sad to see oar (lovernment backinu
these whose avowt-d policy is expansion, which.
Books That Are Good;
Others That Are Bad;
ALSO THE LATEST LITERARY GOSSIP
By B. G. Xathrop;
But he didn't cue who and he didn't ' care
¦where
Just 'go he was under size. •
Then the big boy cried, "A big chief am I, ¦?.
I was born to bans and to civilire.
And yet fcmetlmes I, In, my pride I elgh '.-'
For something: about my size."-
Then the good Schoolmaster he reached a
har.d
'And acres* his kne» he did flop croc.Bwls* /'
That bully, and raiss in his g-ood right hand .-
A beard of considerable c-lze.
heart and soul into his subject. . Moreover,
in these days of countless volumes of
trash thrust upon the market under the
guise of "Interesting fiction," with the one
Idea of a quick sale and large - profit,
books that have required no previous
study., research or preparation of any
kind, it is an occasion for rejoicing to oc
casionally receive a volume ff h °ws
that the author' has made a life «"** ™
his theme and writes with an enthusiastic
1 !, "The Man of Galilee."
than amatter of suprem* and vital mo
ment. 1 In. a somewhat large and active
ministry . l.. haye I ! found the experience of
men making such a picture of the, Messiah
of Humanity; as I have tried faithfully to
reproduce.*' Every line has been made true
to me either, in a Christian experience of
myself or of others.
"I believe that, the race is on the verge
of an era In which the personality, career,
influence and teaching of ' Jesus of Galilee
must be the central and dominant inspira
tion of thinking and conduct. To present
yard and ' Tale— who met in London In
July. 1539. "At Start and Finish" is the
title of this clever book; a collection of
field day episodes Ingeniously interwoven
with apt anecdotes, which give one an
excellent Idea of track events. The narra
tor, an Englishman,. having left his home
under a cloud, finds 'himself in Boston
without funds or friends. He portrays in
a delightful manner his experiences,
which were anything but happy at the
outset.
A college man with no talents which
would bring In return runs across a
"sport," who Induces him to enter as a
professional runner. Driven to a dlJ
tasteful means of support, he soon fhidj
more agreeable work as a college trainer,
which occupation he follows for thirty
years with great success.
- Some chapters give such charralns pic
tures that one hates to leave, without
knowing just what Becomes of the ath
letic hero, but as each new step presents
its phase of athletics in as Interesting a
manner the life Is kept up until the very
last page. V;' ¦'• ' :,„
The illustrations or headpieces by Gil
bert are cleverly done, and add greatly
to the artistic merit of the book- (Small,
Maynard & Co.. Boston. $125.)
Overheard by the Bookworn).
Within a few days of one another died
Ruskln, Martincau. Blackmore and Ste
vens. Englishmen of the pen. and each in
his line of work occupying a position of
the first importance. Three of them were
full of years and honor and with their life
work accomplished. The world had caaseJ
to expect any more from them, anil age
had stolen away their powers to furnish
more in keeping* with their reputations.
The 1 fourth. was just at the beginning of
a career which had every promise In it.
Though he had made his reputation to?
the somewhat ephemeral work of a war
correspondent, G. VT. Steevena was a
scholar with a distinguished Oxfonl ca
reer, and could write >. on questions of
Ecbolarship. He had a style which com
mended itself to judges of good English,
and much had been hoped from him. But
upon what he mlghfhave accomplished it
is now idle to speculate. It is not a little
dramatic that death should have cut off at
so ' nearly the same time the three old
men who had accomplished so much and
the young man. of whom so much was ex
pected. ' . -
- "We acknowledge the receipt of the fac
simile title of the forthcoming •'North
American Notes and Queries." to be Issued
in April by Raoul Renault of Quebec.
Canada. "North American Notes, and
Queries" will be similar in type and scope
to tne well known London "Notes and
Queries." It will be published monthly,
and each number will contain some im
portant historical or interesting papers
by our best authors, some notes and
queries, topics of general interest, a list
of the most notable books of the month.
etc. In the Initial number will be found
the following papers: "Acadians in Lou
isiana." by Dr. Thomas O'Hagan, M.A.,
Ph.D.: "An Episode .of the War of 1512."
by Lieutenant Colonel Ernest Cruikshank;
"Canada's First Baby Boy." by George
Johnson of the Statistical Department: an
historical paper by Miss Mary Agnes Fiu
gibbons, secretary of the Women's His
torical Society: one characteristic poem
by the celebrated author of "The Habi
tat," Dr. W. H. Drummond. and several
other papers. Its publisher Is already we!'.
known by hi 3 unique magazine. "Le Cour
rler dv Livre." an historical monthly pub
lished In both languages for the last four
years. The subscription to "North Ameri
can Notes and Queries" will be 13 per
year; but before the publication of the
prospectus number pai-i up subscriptions
•will be received for $2.
In the March Atlantif ex-Secretary Ol
ney speaks as one having authority in
regard to our international relations and
duties. His vigorous article will attract
universal attention on account of the
welghtlness of his well-considered words,
as well as the eminent source from which
they. come.
AY. J. Stlllman continues his Autobi
ography and grows more Interesting and
stimulating as he progresses. Ha relates
his early experiences in studying art un
der difficulties, and describes his youthful
trip to London and Paris, and his meet-
Ings and encounters with Ruskln, Mlllats.
Turner and other famous men. and his re
turn to America on the same- steamer
¦with Jenny LJnd.
In the March number of Success, Hon.
James Wilson, Secretary of Agriculture
In President McKlnley's Cabinet, takes
Issue' with Edwin Markham on the appli
cation of the ide^i contained in the poem.
k"The Man with the Hoe." He says that
If Mr. Markham had known enough about
thj» American farmer he would have given
us the other side — the American side— of
the toiler In the soil. The Secretary gives
a brilliant picture of the agriculturist of
'this country as he is. Mr. Markham. in
a companion article, denies that he wa3
thinking of. the American farm laborer
when he wrote the lines, but Insists there
are thousands just such in America, and
not only on farms, either.
The letterpress and halftone work of the
book is a fine specimen of the end of the
century. artistic printing.
Dr. Gunsaulus is the president of the
Armour Institute of Technology. Chi
cago. • ..--••' m ¦ '
"Nathan Hale."
To properly appreciate and enjoy, a good
play is. of course, to see it ' well 'staged. ¦
in" the hands of a capable company and
presented before a crowded house. To
take the same enjoyment from a quiet
perusal of the play presented in book
form is asking too much from the most
fertile imagination. It Is Impossible to
carry in the mind's eye the glamour of
scenic effects, brilliant costuming and
the actions and byplays of ; the actors.
Put, for example, an excellent drama In
the hands of a poor company, with stage
accessories to match, and observe what a
Mat failure results. How much severer,
then, is the test of placing before readers a
play they have never seen and are obliged
to force an acquaintance with through
the medium of- cold type. .Such Is the or
deal through which Mr. Clyde Fitch's
play of "Nathan Hale" must pass In Its
Introduction to us of the Pacific Coast.
We have heard much of Its success In the
East with Nat Goodwin and Maxine El
liott in the title roles. . That alone would
awaken sufficient curiosity to warrant a
hasty reading of the book. But a3lde
from thl3, the play itself Is well worth
c=jp=HEKE was or.cc a cheap little orator
; with a big. loud voice, who traveled
|! alx.ut from place to place and made
a living by playing upon the patrl
ctic Fentiments of his hearers. He had
botfcln* of real value to say. but had a
kTiatk of bringing into hi? shoutings such
Watchwords as "Washington." "Lincoln."
"Pewey." ;;nd dramatic rant upon "The
glory of the flag." "The Screaming Amer
ican eagle," "The Goddess of Liberty"—
and at course everybody applauded. How
qould they helji it? It is true, his audl-.
<nee could not afterward recall any great
gain to their store of wisdom.
An artist had a deariy prized old roas
ter hung upon the walls of *iis studio. It
was cheaply though artistically framed—
for the artist loved the picture for itself
;<r.d not for the setting. One day a very
lirh man tried to buy the painting be
cause a friend had told him that It would
1.0 a splendid work of art to place in his
prtat now house. He found, however, that
Jie could have one painted just like It, but
Sn much more brilliant and showy colors
«.n<l have it framed in a gorgeous gilt
jrarno— all for one-thir.l the cost of the
original. The frame was most beautiful!
A little boat with a four-foot boiler
• arncd a fair living as a ferry. The boiler
provided plenty of steam to run the craft
and did very well until the captain in an
ambitious moment put an eight-foot
whistlt- on the beat. Then every time the
whistle blew the boat stopped. True, the
whistle had a most sonorous tone and
juade a prodlsloaa noise, but Its use in
terfered rath' r seriously with the regular
u-Uts of the forr-'oot boiler.
• • •
¦ •Apropos of all this is Minna Smith's rtew
novel. <nti:kd "Mary Paget." ' It is a
historical novel, Oealing with the early
jart or" ih*- seventeenth century, and in
troduces ir.aiiy of the v.ell known English
c!..<r;.< t< is of that time. All well enough
ii. Itself, but there is a feeling upon the
part <>f the reader that these are not real,
living beings. In* more lay iigures. dum
mic*, imroduced to catch the cheap ap-
I>laus«_- that would greet the orator with
the "uiV:. loud voice. Again, the stage
chosen by the author for th<* »lance of the
animated puppets is well Ftlectrri. the plc
luresqre islands of the Bermudas: but It
i- I:ki the rich mans frame, beautiful in
Itself !>ui spoiled by the showy daub
which 11 i*- :;upx>OEed to ornament.
M:fs Smith's novel writing Capacity is
limited by B four-foot metal boiler which
¦could do well enough in supplying power
for b tnild little story suitable for light
s-umirnr reading, but cannot furnish suf
licient steam t<» handle the dramatic Inci
dents outlined in the plot of "Mary
Paget." Her subject is too heavy for her,
just a? the eight-fcot whistle proved too
much for Ihe little river beat.
In brief the plot of Mary Paget is as
follows:
A yoisrsr English girl, betrothed, to a
poritaslcaJ <<>upin. falls in love with a
i n v.-.li' r recently returned from the Ber
mudas. He wins her, as did Othello his
Desdt-iTjona, by telling of his most won
drous- adventures In distant lands. Mary
is a scattrr-brainrd young niss. and what
might have been made a charming love
scene is told as follows:
When Oo'.lincwood I'Pft nnd I came to the
UQjTb I I'!u«-'k<\1 him but nr.e leaf ani gave it
I.irn. Up folded it away in a pa:>er in a left
podMt irf his waistcoat. Then fee stooped and
plUCbcd for Bf a leaf r-f rosemary, which is the
riant of constancy, that w«f growing hard by.
I took it and r«?!d it f«f=T in my palm. We ut-
J'-red no word to each other, but our eye* met
uni t-pefce lr. ha'.f a score of meetings, each
tweeter an<l d^cjwr than the last, until I was
»!1 in a Ftranre fluttering of feeling. I was
£!r_4 to remain vith him. in cagirnws for more
and yet more of such planc-es. but I had also
a;i eaerrrfi-s to return speedily to my mother
smd «-sca;.>e from tbls new sweetness of un
t-:>ijken fpeech.
Mary is stolen away br her cousin, the
puritanical villain, and here again Is an
opportunity for the author to attain great
dramatic possibilities, but the incidents
are tamely related. Mary escapes, and
under th» impression that Collingwood
lias .sailed for the Bermudas, she and her
maid embark for the distant isles. The
Fhip passr-s through a series of adventures
iind finally arrives at her destination, not,
however, until the sailors have been
alarmod by 'he appearance of a-sea-ser
iwnt .it the harbor's entrance. Mary rinds
that her lover has not arrived and spends
many weary days of watching and wait
ing. Finally the hero comes. Her recep
tion of. him is peculiarly maudlin:
Toward the hour of midnight I caw a tall,
Mnjnjf figure pau.=e at the little pate of the par
d'-n end then look up at the house. Then this
Ih^n owned the gate softly and came up the
j'attiway. 1 remained reated uj>on the veranda
Ftcps In the fhadow of the house until I was
a^ured that my eyes no longer deceived my
hart. then I advanced into the brilliant light.
Am it fi-ll up m me I heard the voice of Loiling
vrwT<l Paffft fii<yiri£ with deepest love:
•;iiary:-
He held hi* arms toward me and I ran to
tneet Lim, eayine '"Oh! oh! oh." with all my
hrart; and we rame together thus among the
roaea after our long reparation.
• I was sobbinc for Joy, with my arms still
P.bout his neck an he broutht me to the ver
cn<ia. and we nat down there together in the
F'>ft shadows. When he Jiad kiffed me again,
with many word? vT great love for ice, lie said:
••:-»eet heart. I long to hear you Fpeak to
tne," tor truly 1 had no laneuace but little.
<!¦;.-* and cooines of my jrreat delight. Yet,
even as he six»ke, I was speaking, tuo, asking
tdan f-Hserly:
'¦' >!i. Uaeter I'aget, did you also see the sea
teri>ent ?'
Whorouuon he laughed.
It is .some relief to know that "Master
Paset" laucind— just as the reader does
win d he finds a heroine gabbling of sea-
Berpenls in her first words to th»» man
for whom >b« had waited so long and un
dcrzone .¦¦¦o rauch.
There is no minister upon the island
v.!;o <-ixr. perform a lawful marriage cere
mony and tlie puritanical villain is ex
pected '.<> arrive by the next ship to take
his willful cousin back to Kngland. A
storm chatters the vessel and the cousin
is washed up on the shore.' His life is
saved hut reason has flown. Mary takes
ca-re of him until his death two years
later. From here on the tale Is very
stupid. Co'iingwood goes away to New
foundland "on business for certain mem
bers.ot the IJermuda company," and
countless ur.ir.tf-resting details are intro
duced in the story. He is detained longer
th;iii be had at tirrt thought, but finally
returns to marry the maid of his choice.
It is unfortunate for Miss Smith that
her novel is wri'ten about a time po vivid
ly described in Mary Johnston's "To Have
nr:d to Hold." Moreover the scene lies
ul.<o in an English colony and the motif
iiiid leading characters are not unlike.
.But the whole story has a counterfeit
ring and a leaden drop. It is entirely
lacking In the dramatic Interest of Miss
Johnston's story »nd Its descriptions are
i:ot- to be compared with the tactical pen
r-ings of that young writer. Mar)' Paget
is supposed to tell the story with the
charmingly -quaint accent of the early
seventeenth century, but the diction
has. a decidedly modern twang. (The
Macmllian Cottijiany, New York.)
Chcnts for the Boer
s-.trangc as v may seem, the public is
always slow to appreciate the talent and
work cf a man who lives In its midst.
People are over prone to look away from
home lor their idols and will overlook a
genius at their doors to plate some
stranger upon a pedestal of , wor
fchiji. Edwin Arnold recently said:
''Joaquin Miller Is one of the two
greatest American poets." And yet
ho:;: many Olltornians of literary
t«i*-u-» are familiar with the verse of this
great 'Toot of the Sierras"? How many
of us realize that we have a man of must
remarkable genius right here among us?
Probably after we have been told so a
hundred times by the leading minds of the
world the fact may gradually dawn upon
us that w<? need not go from home to llnd
a poet of poets.
The Whitakor & Hay Company of San
Francisco has Just issued a booklet of
s-ome of Mr. Miller's most virile verse,
"Chants for the Boer," poems . that in
these times should -strike true to
the hearts of the people and touch a re-
Bporwlve chord la every breast. They ar«
In the "Rural Science Series." edited by
Professor L. H. Bailey of Cornell Uni
versity and publised by the Macmlllan
Company, appears a new volume on "The
Principles of Stock Breeding." by W. H.
Brewer, Ph. D., professor of agriculture at
Yale University. The object of the book
is to show that thero Is a science of breed
ing as there is a science of agriculture
and horticulture. This work will dis
cuss the nature of domestic animals as
contrasted with wild species. It Is wide
In its scope.' considering not only the com
mon domestic stock, but poultry and other
birds and pets.
Jack London Is a name which has been
appearing for some time with increa?-lnsr
frequency in periodical literature. It la
that of a very young man who promises to
take a prominent place- among American
writers of romance- and adventure. At IS
he began his career, knocking about th«.>
docks and waters of San Francisco Bay.
At 17 he went to sea before the mast. Out
of his personal experience ashore he has
vouched for the accuracy of Joslah Flvrt'a
pictures of life "on the road." His Klon
dike experiences and observations fur
nished the material for "The Son of the
Wolf." a book of short stories aboundlrs
in graphic description and virile narrative
which will be brought out in April by
Houghton. Miffin & Co.
"Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly for
March contains an article by Theodore
Waters upon the Transsiberlan Rallway
that will prove of value to readers on the
Pacific Coast. It is well illustrated. The
contents also include an able article upon
the British army by Major General Nel
son A. Miles.
A new edition of James D. Forbes*
"Travels Through, the Alps of the Savoy"
will be published immediately by the Mac
millan Company. It has been revised and
annotated by AY. A. B. Coolidge, formerly
editor of the Alpine Journal. Jame3 D.
Forbes was one of the first British pio
neers of the High Alps and the continued
Interest In his travels has rendered neces
sary this 'new edition of his book.
A book entitled "A Woman's Paris" la
about to be Issued by Messrs. Small.
Maynard & . Co.. Boston, which should
prove of Interest and assistance to the
American woman who Is contemplating a
trip to Paris. It Is written by a woma.i
w*U/posted upon, affairs Parisian and U
intended to present in a practical and con
venient form, all points necessary "to do
the agreeable things there are to do and
to avoid the disagreeable things there are
not to do." The book will be illustrated
and will contain chapters on the Expo
sition and on Vfair" prices.
Books Received.
"The Anglo-Boer Conflict." by Alleyne
Ireland. Small, Maynard & Co., Boston.
75 cents.
-: "How Women May Earn a Living," by
Helen Churchill Candee. The Macn-.tllaa
Company. Nevf York. $U -
THE SUNDAY GALL.
6he thought about what he was saying 1 ana
not' the gestures; that. he didn't have any
"Idea^how he;usedhls hands'or arms. : .
:. Gospel Jack's readlnerH, and fluency of
speech never forsake him. [ His English
is always pure and' his thoughts neatly
put. Now there Is a something about him
that is almost uncanny, so different is he
from other boys his age; and again, he
talks of horses and dogs with the boyish
winthusiasm of Tom, Dick or Harry,' and
"you : could forget, that it is Gospel Jack
speaking . were it not that 'his English
&would';put^the jargon of the ordinary boy
/to blush. "
A The blue veins show deep against the
'white of his brow, -and shadows too dark
/for his years circle his gray eyes. It is
Aa sweet, sensitive little face, but oh so
\Pjile, and it is a slight boyish frame that
/needs country air and would bo healthier
birds and butterflies than saving
/ For four years this boy has preached
and.day, resting only when *he
>crogsed the ocean ,. from London- to
/America. | Since his arrival here, over a
/year ago, his only respite has been when
Atravelinjj In the train from place to place,
/it"' was in the East that he spoke for the
/first time at an open-air revival, where
Ahe made such a deep impression that he
'immediately became in great demand for
out-of-door revivals. In Chicago he
other cities. I must say thai the
San Francisco audience, as I find
it and compare it with other big
cities, stands in point of intelligence
Ai, as we say in England, un
doubtedly in the front rank. There
is also another phase of this ques
tion and that is that few cities
seem to be so openly sinful as this.
There is such an abundance of it
as to make many poor souls sick
and weary of the world. As I
said before, rvhat is required is less
of all, but more of Christ.
had to speak four or five times a day to
satisfy the vast crowds. Jack says that
the. first time he spoke out of doori he
felt rather nervous. He says that even
Indoors he has the speaker's usual ner
vousness at the beginning:, but It Is only
momentary.
Jack Is very positive In the belief that
his extraordinary powers are a divine gift.
"It is the Inspiration of the Holy Ghost."
he' says. "I'm not fonder of books than
any other boy of my age and really have
had less education. We lived In Manches
ter until my mother's death. Mother was
a singer and lecturer, and so would be
with us very little. When 1 was 9 years
old this divine gift became apparent and
ever since then I have been carrying on
the work which Is my mission."
Jack has seen very little of the wicked
ness, of the world, though sinners have
poured into his childish ears their stories
of crime. "I can sympathize with sin
ners." he says, "though I have never
walked In the byways of sin, not even as
an on-looker "
Gospel Jack declares that he never In
tends to "dabble" in science or literature.
"I don't care for book lore," he* says. "To
bring souls to Christ is my work, and I
believe in concentrating all your energies
In one direction If you want telling re
sults. I want to teac4 peopl? that God is
their master. Xow, If a man has a master
he ought at least try to get on the right
side of him. Isn't that so?"
It Is by such naive statements that he
brings his hearers close to the common
sense, every-day God that he preaches.
And whether he saves your soul or not.
Gospel Jack steals your heart.
Why Whisky Is Sent to Sea.
Large shipments of whisky In bond will
be made from Baltimore to European
ports within the next month or two. says
the Baltimore Sun. A shipment of 1500
barrels is now nearly ready for export,
and about 4000 barrels more will soon be
ready.
While some of the whisky will be sent
by Baltimore owners, the most of It will
be from Cincinnati and other Western
cities. After being kept In European
warehouses for six months or a year the
greater part will then be brought back to
this country for sale.
The whisky to be sent out Is of the 1891
and ISO 2 distillation, which must be taken
out of the bonded warehouses because the
eight-year limit has expired. Whisky
may be stored in a bonded warehouse
eight years without being subject to tha
internal revenue tax of $1 10 a gallon. At
the expiration of eight years It must be
taken out. Rather than pay the tax and
lose the use of the money until the sale
of the goods, some owners prefer to ship
their surplus stock to the other side and
store It there until needed, claiming that
the cost of freight both ways and storage
in Europe *vill be less than the cost of
meeting internal revenue requirements at
a time when there is no demand for the
goods. The tax is t only required to be
paid when whisky Is put on the market
for consumption, so that goods shipped to
Europe in bond are not. taxed. They are
brought back as required by the demands
of the market here. Goods remaining In
the cotintry out of bond are supposed to
be on the market.
Hoe ©wl^ utom^-TOb Citf IRcf Mites Ha ilesMa
I yeuthFUT ' |
I Gives . i
T't-psr-essTori I
I S^n Francesco I
The first impression of San
Francisco that I got was a grec
cosmopolitan city, full of energy
and nervy vitality, with immense
possibilities. In fact, the only thing
that this city requires is Jesus. I
have never met with an audience
cither in the old country or in
America which strikes me as so
perceptive as a San Francisco one.
Some audiences are dull and
phlegmatic, others bright but tin- .
appreciative, while some are ener-
A WEEK p.£o. without a noisy blow
ing of trumpets or beating of
drums. Master Jack Cooke came in
our n-.id:t. It was briefly stated <n
print and announced in the pulpit that
the wonderful boy <*xhorter< would hold
r.igMly revival meetings at the Howard
tireet M. E. Church.
It wps not an easy audience that thlr
teen-year-oM Jack faced that first Sunday
night. The ohurch was fairly, well lillod,
but the greater rumber doubted the power
of the little siip of a lad, who. half swal
lowed by the big altar chair, shuffled bin
feet and locked his fingers as restlessly
as th«? Sunday-school boy "vho xnows that
cutside the fishixie is pood. The audience
joined willingly in the gongs led by Hay
den Cooke, Jack's older brother, and
punctuated the address of Henry Cooke
Er. with frequent amens.
Then it was s.nnounced that "Jack"
¦would answer any questions on the Bible.
"Gospel Jack" came out from the t'cptiis
cf the cavernous chair and stood by the
altar in easy expectancy without a tiace
cf nervousness cr embarrassment. 'Forth
with unbelievers and theologians hunted
the pigeonholes of their memory for the
knottiest questions therein. So direct,
quick and correct were Jack's answer 3
That these who came to scoff remainci to
wonder, if not to pray.
A text, chosen by vote of the entire
audience from several suggestions, was
Fivcn him. With this text for a keynote
Jack preached his sermon. Ask some on«
w-ho was there about it. and he will tell
you that Christians wept, and cynics mar
veled: that saints were uplifted and sin
ners crept to the altar rail and in broken
vrices begged the boy preacher to show
them the way to salvation.
It was on Monday night that a Sundiy
Call reporter went to the church to hear
Gospel Jack and ask him to go to the
photograph gallery the following morn-
Ing. Outside crowds tried to elbow .heir
way to the door, while inside the ovei-
Bow huKjifd the walls and twenty deep in
the vestibule they tiptoed that they might
see a? well as. hear the boy.
Gcsprl J?«.ck is an orator in the highest
etiise. He is not a silver-tongued speaker
whose words drip honey-sweet to the ear.
His tongue Coc-s not trip daintily through
& maze of similes and metaphors and
flowery finales. His flow of language is
remarkable, but it plays on the ieart-
Ftrings rather than the ear drum. He
tpeaks rapidly, never hesitates for a
¦word, and his diction is forceful and cor
rect. Every man in the audience feels
that Jack is talking at him, and to him,
exclusively.
"Won't you please let Christ into ycur
soul?" he says in pleading boyish treble.
"Just say 'Lord come,' and God will en
ter. He is waiting to-night and surely
you will let him in. God is the only dis
infectant for your soul. Take him, rake
him; oh take Christ Into your souls." And
men and women who would listen un
moved to the same words from older llp-i
cannot resist the childish pleading- that
vibrates in the boy's appeal.
Gospel Jack is perfectly natural and un
affected. His gestures are spontaneous
and boyish, though very graceful. He
thrusts his hands into his trousers pock
ets, clinches his little fist or rumples his
blonde hair as naturally as though he
were a boy talking to boyish friends in
stead cf a lad leading men and women to
God's altar.
"He has learned a lot of well rounded
sentences, generalities that he can fit to
any text," say the skeptics. Their name
is legion, but they number among those
who have not personally heard him. For
to hear Gospel Jack answer unexpected
questions so wittily and so wisely, to lis
ten to him preach, keeping reasonably
close to the selected text, is to be con
vinced that the boy has a remarkable
quickness of thought and a still more re
markable fluency. of speech. You must
grant him these powers or enroll yourself
among the theorists who claim the boy
was hypnotized by his grandfather, whose
ghost prompts htm, or that somebody un
der the platform ventriloquizes while Jack
simply goes through motions, and count
less other absurd theories.
Jack on the platform at 10 p. m. full of
religious fervor and eloquence is not at
all like the Jack who at' 10 a. m. must i.w«
a camera. Like any other 13-year-old boy,
he' dislikes having his picture taken.
Asked to ; take one of his "platform" po
sitions. Jack - dropped . his hands in J dig
gust and said that when he was preaching
TWO CLEVER LITTLE PLAYERS.
gctic but spasmodic; but the audi
ence I am now appealing to is that
responsive kind which calls out the
best, qualities of a revival service,
being enthusiastic- and sympathetic,
while* there is a physical' aggres
siveness just sufficient to . liven,
things up a bit and place every one
on his merits. :
¦ The questions, which arc, asked
are of a much more impulsive char
acter than usual and sJioiv a. greater
depth of research and interest in
theologies than I have, found in
$o Says"GospeT jack?" the Pteioweia^Boi' P*&chs>'-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
7
THERE are a couple of very clever chaps at the Orpheum
this week. Their names are Ellis and Edwin Smedley.
and they are as alike as any two curly headed boys* can
be. What is more they can give many of the bigger player folk
some pointers on how to act- — that is, be natural and play char
acter parts without any of those little stage embellishments
which generally go with a drunken father and motherless chii-
dren act such as theirs.* They have the Queen's English at
their tongues' end and make very little work of letting the high
est man in the gallery hear it. That the little fellows have real
talent is evident, for they do ''Romeo and Juliet in a manner
which -shows appreciation of the lines, although the stage set
tings—clothes hanger, empty, cupboard, besotted father et al.—
offer drawbacks not generally congenial \yith Shakespeare.Proper Suitings for the
Well Dressed Young
Man of the Rising
Generation.
serire and have n. one-piece rolling -collar
edged with white and blue braid and "tied
'n front with a soft silk bow. The trou
pers are short and reach 'only to: the
nfe. With this is worn the regulation
intlor cap around which tho little : lad
siay tie the ribbon of his favorite ship.
Another sailor which is quite popular
ra rcn.de of tan cheviot, rolling collar, and
Is trimmed with twelve rows of brown
soutache braid fastened .with alarge
tow of brown ribbon. The dickey has a
with arm' and ' shoulder seams and- are
made' to close down the back. The neck
edge is completed by a band and the sailor
collar 'is "so shaped ; and "¦ faced that It
forms extensions on each" side -of, the
front. The collar Is formed so' that- It Is
attached to the front by buttons and but
tonholes, and may be worn with any
jacket, or waist.
: Nor have.the Fauntlerby suits gone out
of fashion.' They are with us'thls season
as much as- ever, if not more- so. Ths
the little fellow is what Is known as the :
middy suit. It 1 always looks. well and (an^
be worn on all' occasions. It is worn either
with long trousers or with short trousers
and leather leggins— the.legglns are to bo -
preferred; as they set oft the suit and look |
very stylish. They are tan in color -and j
are fastened with buckles at the side. A
• The jackets are. made long and without
pockets, or I buttons, and the lapels aro .
fastened together in front by a little silver
chain. The collar is deep and has braid
Treasure Hunting in Greece.
Some remarkable treasures have just
brought-up by Greek divers from the
bottom of the sea at the spot where the
famous naval battle of Tschescnme took
place 130 years ago.
Tscheschme is in the Aegean *Sea. eft
the island of Chios, and there, on July 5,
.1770. the Russian and Turk/sh* fit^t»^e>-.
• gaged in fierce battle, with the result that
two famous Russian men-of-war were
sunk and several Turkish vessels were"
burned and destroyed. At the spot where
one of the Russian men-of-war went
down the water is from twenty-seven to
thirty meters deep.
The first treasure which they discovered
at this point was a che3t containing 12.000
pod ducats. Soon afterward they found
many other articles of great value, in
cluding an iron box with 2000 gold piec;s
of various denominations, many ban<3
some copper vessels, a large and massive
' gold goblet, several costly pieces of sil
verware and a large number of firearms.
It is thought likely that yet other treas
ures will be found, but in any ca3e the
Turkish Government has determined to
make a thorough examination of the en
tire sea bottom covered during the fight.
It is known that there wa3 a large quan
tity of bullion on the Turkish vessels
which went down.
Naval officers throughout Europe are
taking much Interest in this search for
long lost' treasure, and the question is be
ing asked whether submarine boats could
not be* used for work of this kind in other
places. Indeed, It is claimed that such
boats may eventually prove to be of
greater service in this respect than they
ever will as destroyers of men-of-war.
NOW that summer Is approaching'
and vacation time Is coming fond
mothers and doting fathers arc
looking about for clothes fo>- the
little ones, an-1 the clothes mut-t be nice
and \zp to date, for who certainly ha« a
riß!<t to Orets b<?ttjr than they? 1% not
the young hopeful a rr pres«-ntative of -he
family, and does ho not tell by his look?,
manner ar.d dreta to what station in so
ciety his family belongs?
There has heen a tendency for ?.>me
tim«» f<->r the wo*> tots, especially the little
boys. «o dtors like their elders— to wear
the same cut of clothef that their father?
w<car. top coat and long trousers, carry a
cane and wear a derby. Thi? year tho fad
is Ftrens°r th.in ever, and the littW- lord
of the household must be a pocket edition
of his pa;ia.
Two iittle f<?ilowB. Hoy Lawrence and
Edward Beatti?. have posed for The Call
Jn sonic of there new suits. They look
quite manly, and were it not for the
knickerbockers one might imacine them
full prown. As for the knickerbockers
ell the men will wear them in a few year*.
fo the rumor goe«=. A suit which is des
tined to become quite popular is the "Ad
miral." It has a box coat with the ri?u
lation brass buttons, just like Dewey wore
st Manila, and the trousers are lone and
f.arir.p at the bottom. Then there is a lit
tle vest with Uncle Sam's naval insignia
embroidered on the front. A cap with
pcld braid and an American eaple mak^
up the outfit. The suit is made of cither
yacht cloth or cheviot, and is won: by
children of between 3 and 12 years.
The striped goods, which have been so
popular with the well dressed men of late,
are new being made up in suits for the
juveniles, the material being tweeds and
cheviots and light in color. The lapels are
cut wide and the coat is of the cutaway
order, with side pockets. goo<i and strong
and doubly deep in which to stow «11 fha
things generally found in a boy's pocket!
The trousers are cut just to the knee, and
the vest will be the dellg-ht of any boy
who wishes to be thought big.
Of course, the young man must be pro
tected against th<? weather— he must Lave
an overcoat. These are made in the box
Ftyie. with velvet collar and heavy stitch
ing about the sleeves and the seams. It 13
provided with side pockets, and may be
worn either single or double breasted. The
blue kersey is the material for the dark
coats, while those of a lighter shada are
mn£e of almost any of the coat cloths now
in vogue, and there is ample room in the
rackets for an extra supply of marbles,
tops, nails and string.
Sailor suits are . still quite the thing:,
end. needless to say. as many miniature
Jack Tars as ever will be seen this sum
ner. They are mafle of Russian blue
, deal, and are often made of dark blan
cheviot. They are made with a side back,
shoulder back and side seams. The front
is held by a single button and buttonhole.
cheviot. They are made with side bick,
to meet the rolling collar in notches. Tfco
- pockets are large, with square -wck<-t
laps attached. The two-seamed sleeve Is
used, and Is smccthly inserted in the arm.
.hole and faced at the wrist.
Nothing is nicer for a rough-and-reaflr
jacket for the boy than the Norfolk. It la
especially adaptable for those incorrigible
young chaps who persist in getting away
from home and mother and lndulgir.s In
pastimes not written in the book of
games, such as* climbing trees, digging
holes ».nd playing at Buffalo Bill or "wild
¦ Indian." It is made with a double pltaf
in the back and is double-breasted, an!
the jacket Is encircled with a belt, which
• fastens with one or two buttons In the
•front and which may be worn either o\er
cr under the pleat 3.
THE S UJN DAY C ALL*,
8
large anchor embroidered in brown silk
upon the front. Wash goods arealso' being
mads up Into sailor^" suits. They., prove
very acceptable* in* .warm weather -and
are cheap and easily laundered. ..
i Boys' outing trousers made.; "of blue
cheviot are found to be /very," serviceable
on an outing and may be worn at almost
.any time. Th?s trousers .are" lined and
¦ fitted, by a center seam, and Inside, and
outside leg seam?. I The .backs - at - -the
iwaist line are fitted by two slanting
; darts. The material at, the lower edge of
jca eh trousers leg is turned '.under,: gath
:ered and attached to', the 'lining, thus
giving a stylishly, baggy effect. „ > ¦.^• ;¦ .:
t Vests are becoming quite" popular "-and
;are worn very much by boys of
l 7l 7 and 12 years. Those vests are fitted
style, sis somewha t ; the same, save por- v
; haps that the collars and ; cuffs are a lit-"
: - tie ; larger, f :.. The jacket } \s \ short ; and ? is " ;
; cut; rounded; at -Uhe I corners, * and the '
trousers fall just above ; the" knee. The t/
blouse is trimmed with ruffles of deep "em- '
broidery and 'the cuffs turn back over, the
ccat sleeves and have a'deep. ruffle of the .
• same'embroidery.
? What Is commonly known among the'
• clothiers , as >theVvestee." suit "has" found,
great ¦ favor among < mothers: ' It" is ; made |
with^a- short "coat, .vest ; r.nd '¦ detachable •;
dlcke>\ or,, front. ' , The ; coat % has ja I wide >
.¦flaring collar with several rows of braid
•-with fancy. buttons on coat and vest.*- The*
-trousers : come 'just below * the ; knee ; and '
"hang loose.", "-' ". '-.
Without a. daubt tba sweatAsl suit, tav
upon it.}- The vest is fastened in the back,
to give a* plain appearance' in ; front. Tho
material used is generally ( blue serjf »:'.¦'¦? A
sailor ¦ or leather, cap is worn with thi3
stilt." .-. " \ . ' -: : ' 'J. :v :
• Broken suits are coming into, vogue for
the ' little ¦ fellows. , They may: wear ¦ coat 3
and , trousers different. : and some ' pretty
combinations are effected. Light 'trousers
and dark coats cre_ very, proper.' The coat
is generally double-breasted and is mada
with side..back and shoulder seams. Tho
side and back seams are ' left open for a
short : distance from the lower edge . Th j
coat is double-breasted..; The neck edge is
finished ' by a • one-plgce collar; and " pocket
laps are attached to the coat fronts. Tho
sleeve is of ; the : two-seamed model.Some of th e Lines in "Sapho" Which Have Caused So Much Talk.
THE curtain rises In "Sapho" with a
ball,, given by Dechelette, In; full
swing— a ;ball of '.the demi-monde oo •
far as the ladles'are. concerned. u,;V.
-Uncle Cesard—lf would 'like to ;.lay.> my.
heart at the feet of each'one of them..
1 DecheletteT-You would do better to layf
yourpurse. ',; f . '
i Uncle C—But my purse is empty. ';
1 Jean (smiling)-So Ib your heart, Uncle
Ceiard. .: • ; '
.UncleC.-No.no, my boy! Ifa an oronl-
bua,* .overcrowded; but always room, .for.,
one more. ¦ (As girl pirouette*.) Now she's
~^^^mmM^o^
• halr?•¦¦¦" v, V:V :' i rf-»C-vV! „ '
Uncle C—That -is the famous dancer
. Toto. . . ? - • ..
Decb-—No, it's Margol Roque.j .*.-. _f;' ,
•" Uncle C—Really! I've read, of her In
-our papers at home. She sings the worst\
songs In all Paris. What wouldn't I give
if she'd only sing!' -*¦; :.'."¦-". _
Caondal-^-She will later,-won't she, De-
chelette? ¦'"'.:- ;T;T . - "\ . >."-;
• Dech.—Yes; ,»he always, sings for me—
and^ her worst » « , •
unci c c^
ladies ladieß?—or^^-er—ladles? ' . .
r»«»ih C«mtilne>—Thpv'havV all h»».i?&*'•
gOlne; tim« "of other rmv confidential
?rt?nds -Tou Ltn' B^lo brtrav
the truBt' SK me .lo. lo - Deiray ?
jean _xvho Is this? t •- \
caondal-It is Toto'the Spanish dancer
'o^BfMd^ m^
-Uncle'C.-Extraordlnary!. And who was,
her father? 'v ;. ' '
Dech.—l' beli«ve that has-never been
definitely decided.; }.\ "• r ? CJu."- j -
Caondal^-I 'thought Toto.claimed It was
a Grand Duke? :-
Dech.—Yes, but her'mother' gave-the
preference to a 'bus conductor, and the
Duke proved an alibi!
:, •¦[ * - ¦•' • ? • »• • • • '
Jean—Fanny, Fanny! . .
Fanny—And you, don't you love me?
your arms about my neck; your lips so
close—you ask me?' (Kisses her.) ..
'^aniiy (murmurs in his arms)-You love
«>•- .' ,
- Jean-When I am with you I can't re-
slst you, and yet—l'll be honest with you.
Fanny c (pushes. her away), I'm not sure -
t^m^p m-m-m,
In the third act Jean discovers that
Fanny has had a child by a former lover— '
a child that she has brought to their
home under the pretense of adoption-- H«-
upbraids and threatens to leave her. She
kneels beside him."
Fanny—lt Isn't as If I'd fallen in love
with'Flamant to-day. I don't love him
and you -ought to know that. When
you're calm you. will know it. And then
we can-go on Just the same as before,
Lookup! Look at me! Reason about it.
This ls th^'only secret that I kept from
>'ou» and It belongs to the old days—the
days that you forgave and promised
™> forget. Ah. if I could but have had a
child of youra. I would not have asked
for. this reminder, of the past-and then—
the boy came* into the world long before
1 knew you. The uting of this.Mlke all
zsz&sFzm Mr ttn*
Jean-No* this you deceived me about.
Fanny—Don't think of that; think only
of the happy.days we have speut_together.
for we have been happy, haven't w»? Own
up we've been happy,
Jean—Yes.
THE SUNDAY CALL.^
Interesting Bits Aboard Dewey's Dispatch Boat, the MccCulloch
SAN liii^iii»»l
Continued from Page One.
not at her. 1 got angry at ncr, too, lor
she brought eggs filled with cologne; to
the school one night and broke them upon
gentlemen's heads. That was an old
Mexican custom, and I was trying to
teach them proper ways, but she never
wanted to lejirn.' 'Your French dances
ar4 stiff.' she s«aid. • 'They are meant for
"old men and women whose leg£ are full
of rheumatism. I want to be alive-. '-'
"There was a young" man from a 'ranch
near the mission found dead one night —
dead by shooting', anil people said that
she could tell the reason if sh^ wanted to.
He was the one who hnd~\valted to see
a red rose In her hair. She had promised
him— l heard her— that, she would show
him which dance he opuld have by put
ling a red rose In her hair, and the whole
evening long he waited and she never
took out the white rose, which was the
tgnal to his rival. She married the rival
the next week after that shooting. < ,
. "The Pacheco senoritas were graceful
and more easily taught, than most. And
there was a SenoritaVCorla who was A
great beauty. She 'was known as fat as
Santa Barbara for:;her 1 think
the reason she was so famous was pnrt'V
because her father was rich. He used to
scatter silver at every wedding ho went
to, whether it : 'was at hls-house or not.
for the little Indians to scramble for. lie
was an oldman and he had to have his
way, as. old 'men always do'. i . He^camc- to
visit my. class' one night' and;. saw
boys rpeeklng l 'under the edge of the. tent,
and- he threw Fllvej— handfuls-.of it— right
in; the midst^dftorte^of my Ties. t 'figures.
But he didn't know any better." ; -i . .
pipe fire went out for lack of putting
and old Charlie : Wilson .did, not;' light- rt
again, for there were no more pictures to
call up.
"What did you do for .music?" occurred
to me.'
"I hired McMullen. He kad' played the
bass drum in a traveling circus, but. he
lost his job because he drank whisky. But
he was a good musician all the same, lie
used to .play the fiddle and the Kultar.
and after, I made my piano he playe l l
that.' It was like the piano I have here,
only .that it • was larger— sevent»H>'e
strings." v
He moved toward what I had believed
to be a part of the. board wall. Rever
ently he removed one board, and beneatli
It appeared, another.* standing - upright,
which was the basis of the piano.
Upon it were strung fifteen wires, fas
tened at the upper end' to" 'wooden pegs
and at the lower to nails, making in in
strument somewhat after the nature of a
either.. He struck the wires with two lit
tle wooden mallets.
' "It's out of tune," he muttered, forsct
thiKUS. "Xlchts kommt heraus." ¦ ,
lie turned a peg: and struck' again.
"Bad," he said. ; .
He tried again and was satisfied at last.
Then he took a formal position with the
left foot out at an exact' forty-flve jtlegrees
and his shoulders braced to the dignity of
the performance.' The sound that^eame
from the Jangling' old wires might, have
been tho music of Chinatown. As he play
ed, he' hummed a y nasal- accompaniment
and his head swayed from side to slije in
time with the music. ; '¦• "¦-; '¦'¦]'¦¦',_' .
It -was in the midst of his playing that
he cried out,- "This is the latest
mazburka." and . dropped his sticks to
show us the step for the tune. Then the
life suddenly died out of the dance and he
sat down and cried.
I recall ad the words of Bordi's black
eyed: wife. "Fill old Charlie Wilson up
\Cith ; wine," she had said, "and let him
smoke his dried leaves .if . he's . sober
enough to light his pipe and he's all right.
But if he can't get v.me he prays and
sings hymns and cries until "somebody
gives It to him." .
And if there had been a temperance lec
ture in my throat when . l- went to the
:abin, it would have choked me and lodged
there at the sorry sight. of him. "In his
cups most of the time," said one' report.
"Drunk as a lord for weeks at a time."
said, another. But he is old and hungry
and alone. *
•When we left he followed us. * "Allow.
me to show ..you' the best path, ladles,"
said the one-t!me' master of manners. . ¦
.SARAH COMSTGCK. ,
¦ : ¦ ; . ¦_¦ _ , j .
W.D. Howells' Views on
Life , Death and Success.
TV. D. Howells is the subject of an
teresting study- by .Theodore* Dreiser .in -
Ainslee's for March. -The writer relates
a' serious. conversation held with the nov
elist. - '
"How the talk came around to specula
tion concerning life and death is almost
beyond recall. Andrew Lang had newly
reissued his translations of Greek odes.
They deal with the passions and pains of '
individuals dead thousands of. years ago, .
and I expressed wonder at the long, inex-?
plicable procession' of life. -• --k
"Mr. Howells' folded his hands calmly
and sat quite silent. Then he said, 'Yes,
we never know wherefrom or whereto.^ It 1
seems as if all these ruddy crowds .' of
people are little more than plants .waken
ed by the sun and rain.' .
" 'Do you find,'. 'l said, 'that it is pain-;
ful to feel life wearing on, slipping away'
and change overtaking us all?' .
V 'It is, truly. /Life is fine. The morning
air is good. When I stroll out of a sunny
day it seems too much that It sho-uld not
stay and endure.. It Ms -wistfulness that
overtakes us, all .the more bitter because
so'hopeless*. . "Every ¦ one suffers from it
more or less."
"From the flight of time and ever im
minent death, the conversation drifted to
the crush of modern life and the struggle
for existence- .
" 'lt is ray"* belief.' he said, 'that- the
struggle really does grow more bitter.
The great city surprises me. It seems so
much a to-do over *-.i little— millions
erowdfcig into to obtain' subsistence' in a
region where. subsistence is least.'
" 'Where! would : you have them go?'
" 'There are; more fertile .parts of the
world. 'This' little island is so cold and
bleak a great many'months of the year.
Nothing is grown here. When you come to
think, there is no reason why the people
of the wbrld should not live inithe tropics.
The means of subsistence there are great
er. "Yet here they, are scheming and plan-
nlng. and sometimes dying or starvation.*
" 'You have had no direct experience o!
this great misery.' .
."'No; but I have observed it. All my
experiences have been literary, yet in this
field I have seen enough.'.
"'ls it sohard to rise In the literary
world?'
• ".'About as difficult as in any other
field. There seems to be almost invariably
a period of neglect and suffering. * Every
beginner feels or really finds that the
doors are more or leas closed against
him.'
" 'Your I view is rather dispiriting.'
V 'Life seems at times a hopeless tangle.
You can only face the conditions bravely
and take what befalls.' ,
'.'Other things were talked of, but thi3
struck me at the time as peculiarly char
acteristic of tho— man. His . sympathies
are riyht; but he la not primarily a deep
reaso'ner. He -¦ would not, for .instance,
choose to follow up hia speculations con
cerning life and attempt to offer soma
modest theory of improvement. ¦ He
watches the changeful scene, rejoices or
laments over the various and separate in
stances, but goes no further. He has
reached the conclusion that Ufa Is diffi
cult and inexplicable without . really
tracing the various theories by 'which it
is synthetically proved. -He Is inclined to
let the great analysis of things- go by thtj
board, sure that • it is a mystery and not
caring much for the proof." :
THEi have some wonderful things
out there on the revenue cutter Mcj ,
Culloch, which is' now lying in the
bay. Some things they have taken
from the conquered Spaniard anfl
others that mude thlags livV at
Manila, 'cross the way, on the never-to
be-forgotten first of May, 1898. There are
charts, flags, cannons and cats, - all of
which were mixed up to a' great extent in
our late trouble with Spain. -
There is very little'need to tell any ons
that the. McCulloch was Dcwey's dispatch
boat at the time the Spanish fleet was set
a-slnklng at Manila: that she stuck her
little, white, inquisitive. nose right Into
everybody's business and didn't give a
rap whether school kept or not: that' she
simply, turned her guns loose and tnrewjk
iew pounas or leaa at the Spaniards,
which pounds'; were, by the way, part of
the first charge fired at the Spaniards by
the Americans in this great battle. ¦
The man who. fifed the shot is aboard,
too, and he doesn't look like a man who
would start an argument either,. but more
like a man 'who;could(end"one on short
notice. -his arguments '.being more in the
line of act.lon thari-inVords. His name is
IJeutenant M. Atlee and he fired the first
shot from a six-pounder on the starboard
side: There is nothing very surprising
about the six-pounder. . It is Just like any
other Hotchkiss .six-pounder and " has a
long blue . barrel and some mechanism at
one end that would puzzle a landlubber.
There are two interesting revolver can
nons aboard, made in France.' mind you,
but engraved and marked with Spanish
lettering. They came from a Spanish ship
and were used in a vain attempt on May
1 two years ago. by the Spaniards. But
the Spanish lettering on the guns was in
tricate and the gunners got mixed in
their figures: as a consequence these two
guns "now ' occupy ! first-class positions -in
Uncle Sam's navy, and the men aboard
the McCulloch do not need an interpreter
to understand them. '".
Down In the j captain's cabin—apart
ments would be better, for the rooms ri
val those of a. swell hotel— there are
many things of interest. " The place is all
shelved with fine crockery and silver.
Leading from the main room there arc
tno'coiy little bedrooms. The glass work
glistens and everything is as spick and
span as in a nev.- fiat. - .
. When this little vessel showed the stuff
srie was maiie of and the kind of men
she carried aboard the. children of Hugh
McCulloch, after whom the cutter -was
named/g ot their heads together' and In
cidentally their purses and presented the
ship with a loving cup, a great big silver
affair with three handles and a capacity
sufficient to inspire brotherly enthusiasm
for an entire ocean of sea dogs. The
pedestal is made of wood taken from a
gun. pedestal on the island of Corregldor,
from which the first ,~ shot was fired.
There is another cup somewhat smaller
than this one, but equally historical. It
was' presented by the United States Life
Saving Service to Captain W. C. Coulson.
the commanding officer of the McCulloch,
and its pedestal is made of wood taken
from the fife rail of the Spanish battle
ship Don Antonio de Ulloa before she
was turned into old iron.
'Once upon a time before Aguinaldo
declared himself kingpin and developed
sprinting ability, he and a number of his
trainers and pacemakers enjoyed the hos
pitality of the McCulloch for several
days. With the little man came many
generals and other things. They filled
tho cabin to overflowing and several «f
the lesser dignitaries slept upon the
decks. A few tons of ballast, it is aald.
were thrown overboard to balance tha
additional weight of gold braid and tha
field day medals worn by this band cf
commanders. With due courtesy Captain
Coulson assigned Aguinaldo a bedroom
ail to himself, and here he slept several
nights under the hospitable deck of Un
cle Sam, dreaming, thinking and schem
ing on the time when he would give that
same hospitable Uncle Sam a wee bit of
trouble.
• • •
Rats are scarce aboard the McCulloch—
not because' there Is not enough to eat
nor because they do not like the appoint
ments of the vessel, but simply becauao
sea rats are wise and know that self
preservutk n is necessary to the dignity
as well as the life of an intelligent, rope
eating rodent. The direct cause of the
scarcity Is Tom— who Is nothing mpre nor
less than a big white and tan cat— the
pet 'of everybody from the captain to the
stokers. On warm days he basks in the
sun on deck.' and when it is cold he
nestles next. a steam pipe down below.
This tat has a history and it would ba
just about as Interesting as history could,
be if • all of it were- known. Where ho
hailed from originally no one knows, but
after the battle of Santiago an American
sailor took him off one of the disabled
Spanish ships and carried him aboard tho
Texas. From the Texas he was sent
around the Horn in a collier and left at
Mare Island. Tom then swore allegiance
and took out papers as an able-bodied
cat of the first clasa in the United States
navy and was transported to the McCul
loch. . .
. ¦ — : ¦ » ¦
"In the twinkling of an eye" Is a phrase
for brevity, 1 but M. Garten, in the "Arch
ives de Pfluger," has found the average
time or a wink is about 0.40 of a second.
The eyelid descends in about (V.SO or a sec
ond, stays down about 0.13 of n. second to
0.17 and rises again in about 0.17 ofi a jec
ond. Winking varies much in different
persons and rarely occurs when the at
tention Is concentrated, but this, omission
is followed by a series of winks to make
up. either by resting the eye or by clean
\m it.THE SUISDAY CALIi.
10
The Playerfolkbefore. The r>'j»Fu«* n;.* three form?, the
bubonic, enteric and pneumonic, but the
bubonic is the mrst common. In all throe
forms there i« high fever and delirium.
The bubonic Is always accompanied by
swelling of the glands.
Thof who are inoculated with a byper
<°.rrmic injection of p!apue J*erum if they
ere not immune at least take the plagu*-:
vrry Mght'y and usually recover.
The -first sign cf the approach of the
p'apuc ib :norta!Hy among the rats. Heap*
cf dead rodents Iving about everywhere
self. Their philosophy teaches them
npithfT to dread sickness nor fear death.
The house-to-house visits of the officials,
the removal of the sick, and the inocula
tion of the sound, or their removal to the
detention hospital, are- calamities far
worse than the plague. They break down
caste barriers, and rather than lose caste
the native courts death. j
Many are the devices employed to hin
der the health officials. One of .these offi
cials told me that it was a daily occur
rence to find plague victims placed in liv
ing attitudes so that the family might
bury the dead and their house escape fu
migation. On one occasion an official en
tering a house saw five men seated
Rroiind a table playing cards. He found
nothing suspicious In the house, but upon
returning to the cardroom happened to
place his hand on one of the players. . It
was a dead plague victim, who had been
propped up at the table. Another time an
old woman in a most lifelike attitude, her
hands in tho dough as if kneading it, was
found v to have been dead several hours.
My work in the hospital was most try
ing. The pity and suffering of it all could
never be described. During the cold
months the plague is at Its worst. Death
comes swiftly to the- plague "victims.
One morning I drove by a house and
stopped to speak to the master. At 5 in
the afternoon I passed again and found
this same house being whitewashed by
the health officials. In that short inter-
By Dr. Josephine Sltzholiz.
IHAVE spirit five years of my life in
India. Weary, horrible years they
wore, wnen Death in the hideous
puise of the plague made Its appear
ance: when famine, filth and fatalism
join hands with the plague to scar thu
face of India.
1. lived !n India not as an outsider or
an onlooker, but so close to the heart of
that complex nation that 1 could hear its
throbs of suffering. Most of that time I
was in charge of one of the Lady Dufferin
hfi?pltals and the remainder was spent
practicing amon? the "shut in" women.
P.mken in health I loft the stricken
country where the bacilli of pestilence
taints food. soil, air and water, and the
dead He in crarfcllns heaps, the death
firrs flashing crimson streaks against the
blue heavens.
In distant California I thought to see
cr hear nothing that would remind me of
the- frightful, almost unearthly scenes of
my daily Jife In India. But on the cv«
of ~iy relurn from India comes this cry
of terror from Hawaii. It is answered
here with much sympathy, but too little
real understanding of this menace to
Christendom. Passengers just beyond the
harbor who chafe under quarantine find
sympathizer* on shore who think these
strict precautions unnecessary.
California cannot be too careful. The
dread plague that is reaping its death
harvest in the lovely island of the Pacific
will take advantage cf the slightest open
ing to creep !n and gather its quota of
victims from your land. Remember that
the Mack plague is almost as mysterious
end as much cf a problem to-day to the
men of science as when It first appeared.
Though it has raged four years in Bombay
'• etill claims as many victims annually as
were the forerunners of .the epidemic in
India. Beware of the rats in the holds
of vessels that have sailed from infected
shores. If they crawl ashore they may
carry the plague in their trail. ¦
The conditions are more favorable in
India for the plague than In almost any
other place. But the rest of the world
should look well to the ourtce of preven
tion, for H pound of absolute cure has not
yet been discovered for this plague that
has extended Its scope over a quarter of
India and out to Zanzibar, Mauritius,
Madagascar and Eastern Africa, to Man
churia and Central Asia. Now it is seek
ing to establish its reign of terror In Ha
waii.
Wherever you go. wherever you turn In
India you cannot escape the plague.
Whether in Bombay. Poona, Sharapoor or
Calcutta.- which are plague centers, or in
some less infected district, "plague" is
the pivot on which the conversation
turns; and plague precautions make rail
way traveling one Ions: series of medical
examinations. You are, turned out of
your compartment almost every daylight
hour to be examined', and at night jou
slowly awaken while strange hands fum
blo under the blankets to take your
pulse.
As I said before, conditions in India are
peculiarly favorable to the plague.
Health officials are, confronted by the
rules of caste, the privacy of the home
and the sequestration of the women, and
the violation of these customs is more
feared by the natives than the plague it-
but as a physician my lite In India Aid
not bring me In touch with any' cf ths
gayety. Outside of the hospital my pri
vate practice was In the zenana houses,
which is the name, for the homes of the
purdah ladies or Mohammedans. of high
caste. In the zenana are four. "five, six
or more wives, but they each have their
own apartments with separate entrances,
like so many flats, as It were, and never
see each other.
They are never permitted to gaae on any
man save their husbands, and lead Idle,
contented lives with a flock of attendants.
The innovation of women physicians ha 3
wn ught groat relief to. them, as they
were denied the services of the male phy
sicians. Speaking their language I was
able to converse with them about their
livts and found with very few exceptions
that these "shut In" women are perfectly
content, and even given the opportunity
have no disposition to question about the
great outside /world of which they know
nothing.
It mny be new and interesting to many
to read how the Lady Dufferin hospitals
for native women were established. Some
thing like ten years ago an enlightened
native woman begged a returning English
tourist to present to Queen Victoria, with
assurances of her loyalty, a magnificent
jewel and to tell her Majesty of the need
in India for hospitals for" the native
women.
When .Lord Dufferin was appointed Vice
roy to India the Queen asked Lady Duf
ferin to look into the need of hospitals
for native women. Lady Dufferin did not
have to stay many weeks in India to
have her sympathy aroused. The result
was the establishment of many hospitals
for women, all named after her. The par
ent society for the Lady Dufferin hospi
tals Is in Calcutta. The wealthy natives
When the rest is consumed the feet are
submitted to the dying embers, which are
incapable of wholly destroying them. "At
last the fire burns out and the ashes are
collected in a large wooden box. The bits
of bone— relics of the last part burned in
the dying flames— are collected and put
into a small 'vase. , ¦
Rich- Hindoo? take this vase to "scatter
its contents on the Ganges, usually wait
ing for one of the great religious holidays)
upon/which to perform the hallowed act.
When the relatives of the dead are not
able to afford this pilgrimage they enclose
the, vase in a cloth and hang it upon a
tree, with the dead one's name upon it,
until it can be taken to the Gangesby
wealthy mourners of other dead, or by
a pious pilgrim journeying to this sacred
spot. The box containing the mixed-up
ashes of the dead and of firewood is
emptied into the water.
The. Parsees, which means Persians,
have the most peculiar way of getting rid
of their dead. The Parsees have lived In
India many centuries and are a very
wealthy class of natives. They admire
and cultivate progressive ideas and per
mit their widows to marry again, unlike
the Hindoo women, who must commit
Bulclde and are otherwise degraded when
their husbands die.
Fire is sacred in the belief of the Par-
Bees, therefore they destroy their dead
without burning the bodies. Instead they
feed them to the vultures that flock upon
the Towers of Silence, which the Parsees
have built for their dead.
When a Parsee dies the body i 3 carried
to the ground floor, where every Parsee
To Guard Against
Dread Plague of India
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
val the master had been stricken with
the plague, had died, the interior had been
fumigated and the exterior was being
whitewashed.
i The Hindoos take the bodies of their
dead to the plague fires and only leave
their dead when nothing but the ashes
remain, and not even then If they have
the means to go to the Ganges with
these precious relic?.
The laborers prepare the funeral pyre
and then the parents or other relatives
lift the body upon the pyre. When a man
or woman dies and leaves no kin the ser
vants (perform this final office. For a pe
culiar reason the pyre is made shorter
than the body to.be consumed with •• it.
This is in order that the lower extremi
ties shall : not T be wholly destroyed by the
intense .heat which does away with the
rest, of, .-the -body.
must be borne and every Parsee must lie
in death. The friends and relatives pray
outside the door where it. lies. Then it is
turned over to menials, who carry It to
the Towers of Silence, strip it of Its rai
ment and carry it toi the grating, where
it becomes the prey of the hideous vul
tures. • • •¦. .',.
There are -five of these towers -In Bom
bay — one for suicides, one for the rich who
can. afford the luxury of a private place
for their dead, and the others for'the gen-
oral Parlsee public. Only the men who
place the bodies on the tower gratings can
iver enter the towers. These men are Jlt
tle better than outcasts and live by them
selves without the acquaintance of friend
ship of their employers or coreligionists.
The buildings themselves are shapely and
in the 'midst" of a lovely garden, but tnt:
Gross vultures destroy the beauty of the
Towers of Silence.. ,
Enough of the death 1 rites of I
should like tp tell of less grewsome scenes.
give largely to thefr support, for they an*
only too glad to have a place where their
women may receive medical treatment
from women physicians.
One talks in circles in India, always
getting. back to the plague; and it is as im
possible to set away from it when writ
ing. But let the pnotographs tell the rest.
They give some Idea of the" ravages of
that dread visitor— th*_ plague.
WHAT ROYALTY MUST DO.
If you were a mere monarch instead of
being an American sovereign Chough you
may not have the factof being the latter
impressed upon, you particularly except
around election time), you would not *x in
position to shake hand* or to slap vcur
friends on the back or to saj- "Hallo!" ai
you do now. You wouldn"t have liberty of
that kind. You would have to salute each
person according to rules laid down pain
fully by men who have • studied these
things out for you and your brother mon
archs. . • ;
If you were the Emperor of Austria thy
only sign of your friendship that you
could give .to an ordinary mortal wor.M
be to bend your head slightly and to jsmilo
faintly. You might give your hand to oth
er sovereigns or to Ministers or particu
larly intimate friends, but ceremony pre
scribes that if you do such a rare thins
you must* merely lay your august flngera
into their trembling palms and then with
draw; them. ¦ If th«y act after the cere
mony as if they had been frostbitten yoj
may be sure that you have lived up to tho
traditions of the imperial house.
The Czar is even worse oft than is the
Emperor of Austria-Hungary.'- He la per
mitted to give his hand to rulers only. Bat
he has a great lomfort. It id not only hi 3
prerogative, but his duty, according to
court etkiuette. to kiss his cousins, and as
most of his cousins are females, and mor
ranatic at that (morganatic cousins gen
erally are prettier than tho other KlnJ).
it is a duty that 13 the reverse of un
pleasant. There was terrible trouble
among the old women • of the Russian
court when President Faure cf France
r.as on th«s way. to make his visit tn St.
Petersburg. "He is a ruler." said one.
"consequently our august, master mu<t
shake him by the hand."" "No!" naid oth
ers, shocked 'beycn<l measure: ''No! H's
father was only a person in trade, and lie
himself was only a- tanner! Our Czar can
not shake such a creature by the hand""
"Worse still, some mischief-maker flgursl
cut that since almost ;. wvery ruler in
Europe was the Czar's cousin, or 30m*:
thlng so 'near it that the kiss was the
proper thlrg, the nob'e and je-tloiu Frer.ch
nation.would.be outraged vind insulted'if
the Czar did not kiss Felix Faure. Tha
suggestion clmost caused bloodshed In St.
Petersburg. -The folk who- held that the
Holy Czar could not even shake Felix by
the honest ¦ flipper - without sending the
holy empire ' crashing -into /socfal ru!ns
really -were "the -only.< logical ones In tr.e
whole mess." But .as they .failed to Dffcr
any tenable • suggestion as to what the
Czar should <io. and as It was plain, that
the Czar, bad to do something and could
not content himself witlr>saying simply
"Howdy,* Felix!"' "or "Sit down and ma.'-c*
yourself .at -home. -How's, all the fnlks.
and especially Dreyfus?" they were over
ruled/. But "no one knew Just what the
HoJ.v- Czar ousht to do. and M.* Faure ar
rived before the important matter was de
cided.. .The Czar settled it offhand. Ho
embraced Faure and presaed him ..o-hH
breast— but , he didn't shake his hand nor
did he kisa him. And . everybody wasTUB SUNDAY CALL.
12
Some
of
California's
FairestWat later released on a common warrant
'oh 'a • charge "of 'resisting arrest.
."Immediately, after arriving at the Jail a
report got' out. that 'a', special train went
back" to"Fra'nkfort_for the purpose of
bringing up men to rescue the prisoners.
Sneriff Bosworth, applied at once to the
armory, for a special detail of soldiers un
der Captain Longmire, and they respond
ed, arriving at the Jail a few moments
later, prepared to resist the rumored pros
pective attack. . The sheriff then desig
nated a posse to' supplement the squad of
soldiers, provided trouble" might come, and
declared that any attempt to take either
of the prisoners from Jail would be re
sisted to a finish; but it Is generally be
lieved this precaution was altogether un
necessary. The excitement began to> sub
side , by- 11 o'clock. The railroads ax*
closely watched, however, and any at
tempt at rescue would result seriously.
Secretary' of State Powers was bleed
ing profusely when takeiTTb his cell. He
said -he had been struck on the head with
a club after reaching the inside of the
jail., presumably by one of the arresting
officers. , There la much suppressed ex
citement among the local Goebel politi
cians, as if a coup 'were in prospect, but
it is impossible . to learn its true inward
ness. The jail is carefully and strongly
guarded during the night. Powers and
Davis .will not be allowed bail. All the
soldiers that attended Powers and Davis
a went. on through with tne train, presum
ably" to Ashland, Ky. They were not mo
lested .by the . officers, 'and Lieutenant
Peake. was taken because of efforts to re
sist the arrests.
Dr! Helm, the City Physician, dressed
the wounds of Secretary of State Powers.
The officers say he showed fight and re
sisted arrest, and was clubbed in the car
and not in jail. Powers showed no con
cern for the howling crowds along the
street, but Captain Davis was apprehen
sive of violence. The distinguished pris
oners are kept in separate cells and not
allowed to see each other or to see other
prisoners or any one except their guards.
Prvlous to the arrival of the train tho
Sheriff was . telephoned from Frankfort
that he would get a reward of $1000 for
Powers and {500 for Davis if they were
taken. . It is thought that they will be
taken 'back to Frankfort without" delay,
possibly to-morrow.
RESISTING ATTEMPTS
TO MOVE THE ARMS
LEXINGTON, Ky.. March 10.— A tele
gram to Colonel Williams, commanding
the Second Kentucky Regiment of the
State Guards, .came here this afternoon
in | reference * to .' moving the local troops
under Taylor's orders. Colonel Williams
only,: an hour ', before had left for, Con
norsville, Ind., and Captain C. W. Lohg
mlre, who Is in charge of. three companies
and the arms In the local armory;* under
orders from the Beckham administration
took fifteen men to the armory 'and pre
pared .to hold . the arms against any odds
from the Taylor administration. . Captain
Longmlre Is j now in charge and says h«*
will - resist any attempt, at moving the
arms under Taylor's orders. No clash Is
expected here because most '¦ ot the local
militia ' are Beckham - sympathizers. '. . Tho
Taylor officials at Frankfort were notified
at once of Colonel .Williams' a hsence.
BARBOURSVILLE. Ky.. March 10.— The
warrant for, the "arrest of John T. Powers
was t received J here to-day, but Powers
could not be found and the warrant has
not been » served.' ' He ' was * seen here this
morning and it is stated that he received
a telegram* about. the warrant and urging
him to ¦. stay in the mountains until as
sured of, a fair trial. He immediately left
for ' parts ' unknown. At the • name - time
couriers were sent out on horseback over
the country calling in the , militi* com
pany. This company leaves late to-night
tor Vranklort. The people of the - town
axe greaMy excited. A erect many •£ th«
FRANKFORT, Ky., March 10.— Tho
situation here reached a point of ex
citement'to-day almost approach
ing that of the 'times Im
mediately, following' the .assassination of
Goebel. The* reinstatement, of. the mili
tary .power in complete 'control of '' the
State executive' building and the refusal
of the military authorities to' allow the
local police and civil officers . to enter the
building for the purpose of arresting, Se
cretary ;of State ; Caleb Powers and Cap
tain John- W. Davis, charged with "being"
accessories to • the •¦ Goebel assassination,
and the probability of a conflict between
the civil I and military authorities made
the situation' look serious during most of
the day.--" ' "¦ + ; . •¦„¦'¦'¦'¦ < »'^]
This morning City Marshal. Richardson
applied at the executive building and de
manded to be admitted for the purpose of
arresting: Powers and 'Davis, but was
turned back and the warrants were then
turned over to Sheriff Suter. ; The latter
also presented .himself at the ¦ executive
building and 1 demanded • admittance. '-": Ho
was referred by the officer ; in charge -to
Colonel. Morrow, and ; the - latter ¦* being
found/. said: .'. H'll am sorry,* " Mr. ; Sheriff,
but it is against Governor, Taylor's orders
to let any one into the building ;, to-day."
Sheriff Suter then held ' a • consultation
with County ' Attorney Com
monwealth's Attorney i Franklin : and oth
er • offlcers-V Meantime' the - police : force
had been doubled and a detail; of. officers
guarded' each of the • entrances to the
Statehouse grounds 'to prevent the men
wanted from escaping," if they should - at
tempt to '": Mo ' so. L*. At *• the : conference
of the "ofllclals It * was V. decided * ; that'/: the
Sheriff! should I summon v a '¦ large ,' reserve
foree J of deputies Ito 'I be -called t Into j use
in : the event it was decided to attempt -to
enter * the building ,- in \ force jto make ' the
'arrests,* and \ in\ pursuance ;', of '; this; the
Sheriff swore in" fifty, men, who were sta
tioned in the neighborhood of the Sheriff's
office' durlngjthe afternoon. ¦ \'.\ • !*;.•••¦>
'¦ ¦ Sheriff Suter ' made : another * attempt . to
get an , audience Xwlth '¦', Governor I Taylor
this afternoon, . but jWas unsuccessful. .The
streets ; ; were t fairly blocked .with people
in : the i vicinity * of the •> Statehouse. but
there was ' no open demonstration , though
it was evident i that j the , populace j was } on
the side" of i the I civil *At*3
o'clock" Sheriff j Suter, having, failed to; get
any sort ' of understanding .'with * the' mili
tary^ authorities,' as ! to > : the ) arrest ; of i the
parties. 1 ' submitted the 'question'; to . Demo
cratlc. Ooyernor y Beckham to ; decide : to
what extent the dvU offlceni should go to
, bpursvilfe, '.where', theyj would ;be under-.the
protection of la\ military ; company, 'oora
manded by* JoTinV'K'.^bwerß.'.the .brother
of Caleb' Powers; and' for whom 'a warrant
of <_arrest. has "also been- 'isstie'dr' arid "from"
there to London, the sailing would be easy._
( While the police were guarding "the State"
House and expecting- Powers and Davis
to .emerge from there it is probable from
developments to-night that they were
quartered elsewhere, during the entire day.
At" any' rate, when'the Chesapeake and
Ohio train, eastbound, pulled in .'from
Louisville to-night a dozen policemen and
half as many deputies were there, to see
if either of these men attempted to board
it. "All aboard," called out the conductor
and the train started at once. A soldier
dashed from the corner on the opposite
side from the station and, throwing him
self, upon the platform of the second car.
Jerked, the bellcord and the train came to
a stop. Then thirty soldiers, with Powers
and Davis in their midst, each in uniform,
rushed upon the cars. l^Lieutenant* Colonel
Morrow was in charge . of the squad.
-/'Anything the matter?", inquired the
conductor, as he peered out and saw the
bluecoats piling up on the train.
'''So. nothing the matter unless you de
lay, this train here," responded a soldier,
and, with another jerk .of the rope the
train was off and-,the men were speeding
toward Lexington. "". When the train j first
pulled, out most- of the crowd, including
the' police, thinking that no effort was be
ing made to take Powers and Davis out of
town, turned and started to leave the sta
tion, and ' it was . several . minutes before
the truth of the escape of the men was
definitely known." Persons who ' were oh
the opposite side" of the train, however,
and 'who saw the soldiers as they made
the rush -upon it ', recognized both Powers
and Davis, angina few minutes the city
was inflamed with the information. Chief
of Police Williams immediately sent tele
grams to Lexington and all stations along
the road, notifying officers of the escape
and ordering them to be on the ' lookout.
The - train makes no stop between here
and ¦•¦ Lexington, but these steps were
taken as a precaution against the stop
ping of the train by the soldiers at any
of the midway towns.
* LEXINGTON. Ky., 1 March 10.— Almost
without 'Warning r the storm center of ex
citement in " the' present' ' gubernatorial
"struggle shifted to Lexington* to-night,
and up to a late ; hour the town 'was . In
an'uproar.vThe^ 8:40 o'clock Chesapeake
and Ohio train from Frankfort brought
with 'it I In . one car to themselves Secre
tary of State Caleb Powers; Captain John
Davis, Capitol Square policeman,- and
Lieutenant F.I R. Peake of , Coyington.' In
telligence had preceded them f that they
were on their way to Lexington and were
trying to • make their >' escape. When the
train pulled into the depot the entire po
lice force of this city, under Chief John
McD. | Ross, and Sheriff Henry > Bosworth,
with a large force of : deputies, , boarded
the train.
'».' On entering; j the cars ' the officers found
about .twenty-five , soldiers .' and . Powers
and Davis, the soldiers being under com
mand apparently. ¦of Lieutenant Peake.
Lieutenant Peake - sprang : to his ' feet ' at
once and 'commanded the soldiers to clear
the ' car. .^ ln , an : inst an t twenty revolvers
.were drawn ; by fthe ;ofncers \ and . they all
leveled at Peake, who gamely tried to pull
his" own' revolver,*, but as he drewjt'from
the scabbard a policeman ' smashed , him
across the hand .; with • bis clnb • and " thus
prevented what • would - have : undoubtedly
resulted \ ln ! a .tragedy."' .The Sheriff ; com
manded the conductor, to r cut off the ' car.
The 'conductor remonstrated.' stating t that
the ' train carried United States . mail, and
the demand was not then pressed. r ~ JJaBS
.h, 'A local attorney, recognised: Powers and
also pointed out Davis. They % were seized
and hurried, to the" Jail.;' As the' procession
swept toward the jail some people started
the report that there ' was to be a ! lynch-.
Ing, and .: soon % the streets \ were packed
with people/ an enormous crowd gathering
about i the JalL Davis, Powers and Peake
were hurried to the upper oella, bat Peake
STATE HOUSE, FRANKFORT, KENTUCKY, Where a Col
- Jislon ; Betwe«i the Sheriff's Posse and the State Militia
-Was Narrowly Averted Yesterday.'
Of ficials of the Republican Government Shield and
Permit the Escape From Franks
Men 'GMrged With Being Accessories in the
Goebel Assassination, But the Fugitives Are
Finally Captured at Lexington.
of ultimate terms of peace and no
member of ' the Cabinet has au
thorized any published statement
on the subject: It is, of course,
generally understood among all
political parties in this country
that so far as the South African
republics are concerned the
status quo ante bellum cannot re
main unaltered after the close of
hostilities. Only then can the
Ministers finally formulate terms
of a settlement and make a pub
lic announcement of their plans.
In military clubs yesterday the
desire for peace was credited to
the enemy and very freely dis
cussed. While a speedy termina
tion of the war is considered de
sirable the consensus of opinion
seems to be that the Government
would be wanting, in its duty to
the War Office and to the army
generally if it negotiated in any
way until the British flag flies
over Bloemfontein and Pretoria.
This spirit, military men say,
ought to characterize any reply
to the Boer overtures from Eng
land.
From another quarter it is as
serted that President Kruger is
attempting to gain time in order
to complete preparations against
the British advance in the Trans
vaal, but this apparently is mere
speculation.
SPECULATION IS RIFE
REGARDING EARLY PEACE
LONDON, March 11, 2:20 a. m.— ln the
absence of important news from the seat
of war. speculation is rife "regarding the
probability of an early peace. President
Kruger's appeal to Lord Salisbury for a
cessation ¦of hostilities, announced on
Friday, is taken as foreshadowing that
the end will soon.be in sight. The Gov
ernment's views are probably enunciated
in the following semi-official statement,
issued last night:
"It Is understood that the Government
does not consider that the time has yet
come for any authoritative statement as
to ultimate terms of peace and no mem
ber of the Cabinet has authorized any
published statement on thw subject. It
Is, of course, generally understood among
all political parties in this country that,
so far as the South African republics are
concerned, the status quo ante belluni
cannot remain unaltered after the close
of hostilities. Their part in the system
which Involved a large measure of politi
cal and military independence will, of
course, be materially modified as a result
of the war,' but the growing prospects of
restored peace must be further advanced
before her Majesty's Government can
THE RELIEF OF LADYSMITH.
Closely following the main body of Buller's army came the real relief to the half-starved;,, garrison * of., the .long-be
leaguered little town. The railroad between Colenso and Ladysmith was almost totally; destroyed by; the Boers, but long
trains of wagons with the much needed provisions were ln>walting at Colenso, and as soon as' the way \ was -open*, they
pushed with all speed to where they were long expected and much needed. The first train of seventy-three wagons entered
the town even before a part of General Buller's troops, marching fronvthe last battle ground rat •PI etars. Hill, 'four miles
nearer, reached the place. The promptness of this substantial relief speaks well for the confidence of ' the British com
mander In the outcome of his plans and the thorough organization of his transport system. v . ; . ,•; - - '
gain admittance to the building for the
purpose*. of making the arrest.
It is said late ! to-night that Democratic
Governor Beckham .will not give an an
swerto Sheriff Suter's request for instruc
tions: until next week, : , and since theses
cape and arrest of Powers and. Davis he
may j decide that, the changed condition
of affairs does not necessitate the giving
of instructions on his 'part. : ..
" The Triplett resolution, authorizing the
expenditure iof $100,000 in arming ;and
"equipping ; a - State' Guard under Governor
Beckham . and Adjutant , General " Castle
man,' will' come up in the ; House Tuesday.
'/^The" events I of ., to-day : served 'to 'show
very forcibly -that the State Guard as at
present'- organized does ] not unanimously
recognize Taylor, as Governor.'. Lieuten
ant Sparks refused to muster in the Lon
don'company to-day in response to a tele
gram ! from Governor Taylor, ordering him
to .bring- the') company, here, ; and ¦ the Lex
ington company also refused. : ¦ Major Rob
ert Kennedy of Lexington; came here t tc^
night /and ' personally ; tendered , to ¦ Gover
nor; Beckham the services of the Third
Battalion *of '.the • Second < Regiment. He
also .; stated ' that ' fifty men are ; to-night
guarding' the company's armory .and will
recognize only Beckham as Governor. « ; '
FLIGHT AND CAPTURE
OF POWERS AND DAVIS
;fi FRANKFORT, Ky:, March 10.— The es
cape -. of ¦¦ Secretary, of State Powers and
Captain Davis from 'this; city to Lexing
ton , was 'so neatly laid and ¦ executed that
it, took ¦the' police and big force of Deputy
Sheriffs, appointed to guard the entrances
to j the j Capitol | grounds 'and ; prevent | their
escape.l off : their j feet '/when ' they, realized
what had 'occurred.' Since 10:30 o'clock this
morning a detail of regular and extra pen
llcemen and deputy sheriffs , had stood at
each v . entrance - to :; the y state ?•¦ Capitol
'grounds.^ *It t,was r reported \ that i to-night
even ' Governor ..Taylor. : Powers and * Davis
'and * the • entire * Republican . outfit at the
State House would attempt to decamp to
London. \ the alleged ' proposed i seat of j the'
Republican^ government," and \ precautions
were; taken"? ., to ; intercept', the; two ; men
wanted— Powers and -, Davis-^-ln I the ; event
of ' the ':') Powers ,: and \Da via,-- It is
said, passed , the entire day In the i Execu
tive building and. their plans were laid for
, the^coup | to-night,"? starting -.with \ the es
cape *: from here, . as was \ executed. : The
plan,' it is 'generally, understood, was that
Davis and ] Powers should get off at , Lex
ington 1 and! take a Cincinnati ¦.¦ Southern
train at Somerset and from than to Bar-
either finally formulate proposed terms of
settlement or make any announcement of
its plans."
QUEEN VICTORIA'S
INSPECTION OF TROOPS
LONDON. March 10."— Queen Victoria
brought her visit to London to a close. this
evening and returned to Windsor after, an
inspection of two battalions of the Guards.
Throughout the day vast crowds gath
ered outside Buckingham Palace and
along the advertised route to the railroad
station, and when the royal carriage
finally started for Hyde Park on. its way
to Paddington the enthusiasm broke out
into cheers, which were unbroken until
the train departed. , .
Previous to leaving the palace there wan
a brief but interesting ceremony on the
grounds, where 2000 khaki-clad guards
men in full marching order were drawn
up for the final inspection of her Majesty
before their departure for . South Africa
on Wednesday. Real Queen's weather en
livened the scene with bright- sunshine
and the .temperature as mild as May. The
Queen, accompanied by ,. the Prince and
Princess of Wales, the Duke and Duchess
of Tork, Prince and Princess Christian
Of Schleswig-Holstein and Princess
Beatrice, drove slowly along the line, and
the Duke of Cambridge, who was present
as honorary colonel of the Grenadiers.
Her Majesty expressed admiration. for the
splendid appearance of the men. After
the inspection cheers for the Queen were
called for and enthusiastic hurrahs rent
the air, with the soldiers waving their
helmets on the points of their bayonets.
The general public was excluded, but the
Queen especially invited the wives and'
children of officers now in South Africa. .
FIVE MESSAGES FROM
KRUGER AND STEYN
LONDON, March 10.— Several papers an
nounce that ' the Government on Tuesilay
received five messages from President
Krugrer and President Steyn in Dutch,
asking upon what terms a cessation of
hostilities could be brought about. The
messages surprised and delighted the .de
partment concerned. "While their tenor
was understood,. It was found' necessary
to summon persons thoroughly capable of
accurately interpreting the "messages, all
of which w ( ere filed- at. Bloemfonteln. v " : '"'
"¦ The Cabinet' convened on* Wednesday to
i consider | the messages; .and U'^ls believed
an uncompromising reply was sent," which
is -. known to, have reached: Bloemfontein
by the same means as the Boer cablegram
reached the -Government. The nature <of
the reply was such as to lead to a further
but gradual retirement of the Boer forces.
WILKINSON'S SUMMARY.
LONDON, March 11.— Spencer Wilkin
son summarized the situation in South
Africa for the . Associated Press at mid
night as follows:
."The fighting reported near Helpmaaker
Is probably only the result of a recon
noissance, and it seems to me to be pre
mature to assume that any movement In
large force is . in progress in that direc
tion. .
"General Buller. as soon as communi
cations are in order, will certainly- do
what he can to keep the Boer force In
Natal engaged, arid to • prevent them all
from bflns used to reinforce the army re
sisting Lord Roberts. I expect ' Lord Rob
erts to. strike Bloemfonteln In a day' or
two. , As- to Mafeking. If it is not relieved
very soon, the place must fall. One there
fore hopes a brigade had been ' sent up
from Kimberley for, its relief within a day
or two of the evacuation of Magersfon
teln by the Boers.'' There has been time
for such a column to reach Mafeking by
road, but there is no' direct evidence of
its existence and the wish is father to the
thought."
BULLER AGAIN ON THE MOVE.
BOER HEADQUARTERS, BIGGARS
BERG, March 9.— Shots were exchanged
this morning near Helpmaakar with a
small body of British, who retired hastily.
Scouts report that the British main ad
vance, Is coming from Ladysmith toward
Sundays River.
While Plans Are Being Matured for the March
to the Orange Free State Capital, Specula
tion Is Rife Regarding the Probability of
Special Cable to The Call and the Xew Tork
HenUd. Copyright. l*"0. by the New Tork
Herald CtomyiEy.
LONDON, March v.—
Nothing more official has
come through from Lord
Roberts, but from other sources
I learn that the road to Bloem
fontein is really clear, as was first
intimated yesterday, and a march
of fifty miles will bring the Brit
ish front to the Free State cap
ital. According to a story re
ceived from Boer sources 12,000
British troops are threatening
the burghers in the neighbor
hood of Helprnakaar.
Usually when news is scarce
there is a plentiful crop of ru
mors, but yesterday there were
few of these, and logical London
ers were too much occupied by
the Queen's visit — or rather in
bidding her farewell on her re
turn to Windsor after her two
days' stay in the metropolis — to
heed any idle rumor or anything
less than authentic official news.
There was, however, one ru
mor which got afloat just after
the Queen left the city. That
was that hard-pressed Mafeking
had been relieved. That, of
course, caused something of. a
flutter, for reports of how the lit
tle garrison has been hotly and
indeed desperately bombarded by
the Boers during the past few
days have been received with ser
ious misgivings here. Military
wiseacres have shaken their
heads and expressed the opinion
that hotly bombarded Mafeking
could hardly hold out much
longer, and that without imme
diate relief Colonel Baden-Pow
ell's gallant little band must
either be destroyed or surrender.
Whatever hope was inspired by
the rumor soon fled when the
.War Office stated that there was
no foundation for the report that
Mafeking had been relieved.
With regard to Presidents
Kruger and Steyn's reported
overtures for peace I learn that
the Government does not con
sider that the time has yet come
for any authoritative statement
BRITONS BELIEVE THE WAY
CLEAR TO BLOEMFONTEIN
KENTUCKY FACTIONS AGAIN
ON THE VERGE OF CIVIL WAR
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH -11, 1900-rTHIRTY-TWO PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXVII-XO. 101.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
I Pages 13 to 221
The San Francisco Call
'Pages 13to 221OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Present Condition of the National
Banks of Oregon.
Spacl&l Dispatch to Tho Call.
WASHINGTON. March 10.— The ab
stract of the national banks of Oregon,
excluding Portland, at the dose of busi
ness on February .13 reported to the
Comptroller of the Currency shows tha
average reserve to have been 80.16 per
cent, against 34.59 per cent on December
2. Loans and discounts Increased ' from
$3,909,001 to $4,001,835; gold coin decreased
from 1626.305 to Js93.lSff; total specie from
$727,123 to $695,593: lawful money reserve,
from $751,038 to $734,513; Individual deposits
from $6,315,997 to $5370,055. •
Edward B. Olney of Oakland has been
appointed copyist at $900 Jn the Land Of
fice. Ernest varela of California Is pro
moted from clerk at $1400 to $1600. Nelson
G. Noble has been appointed a substitute
letter carrier at Oakland.
JUDGMENT PRONOUNCED.
Decision in the Delagoa Bay Caa*
Soon to Be Made Public
BERNE, Switzerland. March 10.— The
Bund announces that the arbitrators' tri
bunal pronounced judgment In the Dela
goa Bay arbitration, but on the principal
points only. The question of the indem
nity to be paid by Portugal remains and
that will shortly be decided. The Juds:
ment will then be communicated to the
parties concerned.
VICE PRESIDENT ROXA TYLER, OF CHICAGO, ILL.
Roxa Tyler, Vice President of the Illi-
nois. Woman's Alliance, speaks ; in high
praise of Peruna to restore .tired . nerves
and weak body. In a "letter written to
Dr. Hartman.from 910 East 60th -street,
Chicago, 111., she says the following: >
"During the past year I gradually
lost flesh and strength until I was
unable to perform my work properly.
I : tried different remedies, and
finally Peruna nas suggested to me.
It gave me new life and restored my
strength. I cannot speak too highly
of it" ".: t:^ v
Miss Anna Carsten, Clayton, 111., nays:
"Your Peruna did ma so much good. I
„;-*>- believe I • should
•¦¦¦__^m^^ have been dead by
¦T^fKrilßisV- thlß tlme bad I not
JWSfeSHSHgStL used It. I am f»el-
/3^ . Ing so well now. I
XT V^Sb have not taken any
JB._ mtti medicine . for four
wva Ea* or five months. I
\^H ißv - can cheerfully rao-
\ / « - *f ommend Psruns, to
\ K& y my friends."
2^, t Mr. Pater Hat-
gr\^T^ I tenberrer, Porter-
A. . field, -Wis., writes:
«sl v v^^2_ "I suffered with
J%2e\i C3^*^^!fe&« chronic catarrh for
nine years. Th*
Miss Anna Caraten.
- Clayton, 111.' ',
catarrh settled on
my lungs and I bad
all .the symptoms
of ' -. consumption.
Through. the use of
Peruna I am now
well and happy."
Catarrh of the lungs is. ordinarily,
known as consumption; also called tuber-
culosis. In, these cases th« catarrh hu
usually found Its "way Into the lungs by
the gradual extension of the disease, fromi
the throat through tha bronchial tub««.
Consumption is the natural termination
of all cases of neglected chronic oatarrh.
Every one who is afflicted with chronJo
catarrh Is liable to be attacked with coa»
sumption at any time. In the first stage*
of the disease Peruna Is a sure curs; la
the later stages of the disease Peruna can
be relied upon to produce great benefit.
and In a large per cent of cases produce
a permanent cure. All those aflllcted with
this dread disease should begin at one*
treatment with Penina.
Mr. W. "W. Btrassler. M Wast Main
street. Corry. Pa., says: "I had tried
three of the beat j>hy-
sidans In Indiana R*"&BK
County, and spent a W ]J
great deal of money. Mt\ ¦"""• b.
all to ¦no effect, lly p *&*' •? *J)
friends said I could V, JmjL J
not get well. I had \£sfi^ f
about gtven up all ifo»w
earthly hopes. I Jf^Z^y .e^*
welched 130 pounds. I -^Hi^fvSJr;
accidentally saw th» fS^f VTj, r **ffii'-J
name Perur.a. I'lrnme- Wv/^ttfSPpy
dlat c 1 y commenced &' t^<>^'
taking It and contin- Mr. "W. W.
ued taking It until I 6trassl«r.
had taken twelve bot-
tle*. I then weighed 180 pounds and n#ver
felt better In my Ufa."
A slight cough, which, without a
vestige of doubt, would soon disap-
pear with the use of Peruna, beoomos
chronic bronchitis, which requires a
persistent use of Peruna for some
time. There are a great many
cases of consumption every. year due
directly to a neglect of eomghs,
colds, eto.t which, if Peruaa had
been kept in the house and used ac-
cording to directions, would have
B«nd to Tfc« Perun* Medidne Ccwap*ay,
Columbus. 0.. for Dr. H&rtm&a's latest
froe book on chxonio catarrh, la grlppa.
corjrumptlon, cocg-ba. cold*. «ta • -¦
Reporters Have Convincing Interviews With Prominent People in Greater New York Regarding Wonderful Cures.
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy Swamp-Root Will Do for YOU, Every Reader
' bf "The Call" May Have a Sample Bottle, Free*
APPOINTMENTS
ANNOUNCED BY
THE GOVERNOR
New Boards of State Normal
School Trustees
* • ¦ fiftipf»tf»fl'
* UvICUvCUi . • -
Henry Keller of Los Angeles Is State
- Fish Commissioner and Barnes
Ii Beappolnted University
Regent
..'"- . — — -• ...
SACRAMENTO^ March 10.— Governor
Gage this afternoon announced a number
of appointments as follows:
Trustees of the San * Francisco State
Normal School— M.* ; Coney," 8. C. I>«nson,
F. A, Hyde, W. G. Jobson. H. G. W.
Dlnkelspiel, all of San Francisco.
Trustees of the State Normal School at
San Diego— Dr. R. M. Powers, San Diego
County: George Fuller, SanDlego County;
Z., S. West. Orange County; W. R. Guy,
San Diego County; J. B. Dockweiler,
Los Angeles County. - ' - . ••
Trustees of the State Normal School at
San Jose— Frank W. Leavitt, AJameda
County; Frank H. Short. Fresno County;
George W. Price, Yolo County; A.H. C
Brown and George - Swelgert, Santa Clara
County. ..-.. .
Trustees of the State Normal School at
Los Angeles— R. H. F. Varlel, Henry W.
O'Mulveny, N. P. Conrey, Los Angeles;
John S., Collins, Ventura; E. J. Louis, San
Diego.
• Trustees of the State Normal School at
Chlcc— F. C. Lusk, TV H. Barnard, Butte
County; Frank Ryan, Sacramento; Rich-,
ard Belcher, Yuba County; Clifford Cog
gins, Slskiyou County.
Directors of the Deaf and Dumb and
Blind Asylum— George W. Reed and John
H. Gridley, Alameda County. ¦
Directors of the California Home for the
Care and .-Training of ¦ Feeble-Minded
Children— F. W. Lougee, San Francisco;
Bert A. Poppe, Sonoma County. ..
State Fish Commissioner— Henry W.
Keller, Los Angeles. !
'Trustee of {he Whlttler Reform School
—James Clarke, Los Angeles.
Member of the. Board of Regents of the
University of California— W. H. L. Barnes, j
San Francisco. .
DR. KTLMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
': ADVEBTISEMENTS.
IN CASES.
Of perfoc* *ad reliabla parity, unaqnslea for
tntdidiial «-nd table uae. and ruarm- .
teed by shipper*.
, CHABXjBS MEIJOSCKE A CO.,
SoU jLgwnta. tit 84LcrAm«5ta StriMt,' 8. F.
Bewareof SmatllOnes;''
RUMORED RESIGNATION
OF SECRETARY HAY
Said That He Is Dißsatisfled With
the* Action of the Senate ,
';¦:, ¦]¦ Committee. ' ¦
Special Dispatch' to The Call.
'¦NEW YORK, March 10.— A Journal
special from -Washington 'says: -Rumors
of the resignation of Secretary of State
Hay were rife to-day at -the State De
partment. It was held that the action of
the Senate Committee on Foreign Rela
tions was practically.' a vote of; lack of
confidence in the State Department.
It , is similarly " argued ..that when the
Senate accepts the treaty, -ther co-ordinate
treaty-makijig I power; of t the ¦ Government
will be ofilcially on record as 'opposed to
the Secretary's Idea of Americanism and
his duties. ' • .- : • /
¦ : It Is further argued that- the Secretary
of. State is so utterly out of Joint with
American sentiment ¦ and the legislative
branch of the ». Government that passes
upon his work that there is nothing for
him. to do but-to resign. --..' ¦". . •..¦;.
'¦¦' From the standpoint of Republican poli
tics the point is made that when a'mem
ber of the Cabinet by, his official acts em
barrasses the administration his . resigna
tion should.be at the President's disposal.
It has been asserted that Secretary Hay
said. in private conversation to-day that
he would not resign.' ¦¦-- ; ' ; "¦¦•¦'¦:; >
REAL NAME IS MAXWELL.
. SACRAMENTO. March 10.— Sheriff
Johnson -was much gratified toniay over
.the developments being made In, the work
of unraveling / the v myßtery surrounding
the * tragic | death |of R. R. . He Is
at work: upon a clew. ¦.-'"•. -. ; .;
7> It has been learned that Brauhard, one
of the"murder suspects now in jail,' is not
the (divorced • husband of ! Mrs. » Martha
Brauhard, but her v Half brother, v His
name 'Is Charles Maxwell. *, Sometimes he
goes by the name of Bowen. : .
I: Attorney Roach of Sari Francisco is here
consultlng;wlth Mrs-. Brauhard, Odell and
Westlake,-' the i three I prisoners, -and there
4s a runiorto the effect that h» will bring
habeas corpus proceedings to secure their
release.? •;. ¦ - -•¦-¦•; -. _. - . ¦¦ '; : -¦; . ¦ .*;¦¦---
Railroad for Cloverdale.
Special Dispatch to^Tbe .Call. ¦;,;, - . ? r ,
'} SANTA.;. ROSA; % March 10.— The : niuch
¦mooted: question^ as '-, to \whether.the;con
.templated ;of a the. .California
Northw«stern'^Railway .. into ?•'Mendocino
County Is to leave ; the . main 1 line at:Clov
eraale or Uklah'seemsto'havebeendefl
ni t«?ly ; settled at i last >* ¦ and r ", in ? f avor •of
Cloverdale. 1 '-."Word I was received i here, to
day | that , the company nad i filed amended
articles of incorporation, percnitting-the
extension to ¦be built.'ana ;stating: that | it
wbb the ' company's'. Intention I to ; construct
a' branch line of railroad ! and' a ' complete
telegraph ¦ line » from i Cloverdale,*; Sonoma
County, ¦; to .Christine. In Mendocino«Coun
.ty,; and .giving; several r important £ details
of- the. project.- .*¦>.- . t
'""".'., ? ¦•-.'- ¦¦¦' - ¦ '•
Death of Judge Bearden.
LOS ANGELES.": March ) 15,-^Judge J. VT.
Bearden,*' formerly ¦ a" prominent -politician
of Camden," Ark.,< dlea , here suddenly last
night > of : heart ¦ disease. "* He * has . lived In
this city for the past' fourteen years. t- .
publishing it describe as fanatical. .Ac
cording to Agoncillo 6989 American sol
diers have been "Wiled and- 17,349 wound
ed between February ' and November,
1899, without reckoning the losses by dis
ease. ¦ ; '.:'. -¦ ¦ :%:¦ '¦'-. ¦..¦::¦:'.•-
glophobia in a section in Paris this: week,
which affects to believe that war between
England and France forms a part/of- the
determined policy of Mr. Chamberlain and
the British imperialists, who Intend- . to
bring it about on the conclusion of peace
in South Africa. Much- of this anti-
Kngllsh campaign is a part of an under
hand reactionary propaganda againsrthe
Government and the republic. M. .'Yves
Guyot, in an article in La Slecle, 1 de
nounced this fostering by the anti-repub
lican press of the idea that war -with
England is inevitable. He stigmatized it
as the work of national treachery. ¦¦¦'.-'. . ¦
.* 'These organs," he says, "are prepar-'
ing a war because they know tnat it
means a naval Sedan for France, -and
they count on overthrowing the republic
by a disaster similar to that which
threw the empire.". . • j - ¦
The growing hatred between the two
countries is certainly a matter of anxiety
to the French Government, which- itself
does now and has always maintained a
most correct attitude toward England.
The correspondent of the Associated Press
here has talked with an official of- the
Government whose duty it Is to follow
France's foreign relations. He admitted
that the present state of public feeling on
both sides of the channel was becoming:
dangerous to the maintenance of amicable
relations. . ¦ ; ¦ . .¦; ;
. "This feeling," he said, "is mainly.cre
ated by the . provocative attitude of; the
English jingo press, which is so Unani
mous in its attacks upon France. that
they would' seem to come from- mot
d'ordre. ¦ Public feeling in 1 almost every
country, including a considerable number
of -Americans, is against Great: Britain
in the Transvaal war, yet France alone is
singled out for thes attacks. There Is
no question pending between the . two
countries grave enough in -itself to Mead
to hostilities, but: if, the present mutual
feeling of. animosity continues I cannot
say what may happen. , The French.Gov
ernmont Is preparing for an. » emergency.
Our weak spot in case of war would \have
been the colonies, but when the measures
now being taken are completed they, will
be beyond the possibility of capture or in
vasion. Algeria and Tunis are, of course
out of the question, and the Government's
efforts are directed • toward securing- /the
safety of the outlying colonies. 15 such as
Tonquin, Madagascar, the West African
settlements and the west Indian Islands.
Stores, ammunition , and improved arma
ments are being provided.", i : -*-; ..,. ' f \ ?$ ».
Confirmation of these - preparations is
found In the published announcement of
the departure of stores for the colonies.
Progress of the Exposition.
.An examination of the condition of .'the
exposition' works shows that the Ameri
cans should be satisfied with the progres*
of the American section' compared^ to that
of other countries. The facades are nearly
completed In the'imanufacturers' and'atri
cultural departments, and work haa-bei
gun on .every American section;, while
even France has not: yet done any of. the
construction in most of her space. ' United
States Commissioner Peck ' is " busy this
week- pushing matters forward. He* sat J
to ' the correspondent of the Assoclr.ted
Press that some of, the (buildings could be
ready, before the date set for.- the opening
of the exposition for the '.installation of
exhibits," and some departments would" be
incomplete for weeks after" that date, but
the exposition^ would be formally opened
as announced.- . „». ~: . ;.-;:.:..,:?„:¦¦¦•¦ ,i?,->- ; -
< .The cargo -ot the United \ States . auxil
iary cruiser Prairie Is arriving at the. rate
of. -.twenty carloads daily. • They j are ' un
loaded as fasfas they arrive, and there
Is • no ; ; congestion : such as occured at
the Chicago > exposition.-'. Mucht: uneasi
ness, however, % is ; felt at the non-arrival
of the ;; steamer^ Pavilla, ¦¦ which '-bears
is -no . congestion such as ' occurred^ at
The newspapers here this week- publish
a statement of the American losses In- the
Philippines,- furnished' by rrAgonelllo,<Uhe
Filipino." agent;* which' even 'the papers
NOTED THEATRE
FRAN CAIS WILL
BE REBUILT
Conflagration- Reveals the
Fire Department's Lack
of Precaution.
It Is Shown That in No Parisian
Playhouse Are Precautions
Taken to Prevent a
Holocaust,-
»
Coj>iTtght«d, 1900. by the Associated Press.
PARIS, March 10.— Paris, which has
been vainly yearning for a eensatlon,
found ample excitement in the destruction
of the Theatre Francais, which overshad
ows every other topic of Interest and has
afforded the newspapers material for
pages of absorbing reading. The disaster
brought to light the extraordinary fact
that there is no fire surveillance whatever
In Paris theaters; except during the time
of actual performances. Thus fire might
burn for hours during the daytime with
out any one being the wiser. • Moreover,
neither the Iron stage curtain nor the au
tomatic extinguishing sprays in the ceil
ings were found to oe in working order.
The tardiness of the nre brigade and the
lack of water supply formed the subject
of inquiries in the Municipal Council, but
President Leplne denied both, declaring
the delay arose in reaching the high roof
of the building. This, however, does not
agree with the statements of eye wit
nesses.
Little damage Is noticeable from the out
side of the building, as the main .wall of
the theater, surrounded by galleries In
which are situated the offices and dress-
Ing rooms, is still standing. It is now
hoped that It will be possible to recon
struct'the interior without rebuilding this
wall. The Government is acting promptly
and has decided that the work of recon
struction shall proceed Immediately. For
this purpose a credit of 3,000,000 francs will
be asked. ¦ •
It is • expected that the Comedie Fran
eatse will be back again in its old home
before autumn. The r. will ; be
temporarily housed in the .Theatre Odeon,
the shrine of classical drama in the Latin
Quarter. -- . . ?
The difficulties in providing houses for
both the Comedie and Odeon troupes have
been solved by the spontaneous offer, of
the elder Coquelin, who came to. the res
cue and offered his playhouse, the Theatre,
de la Porte St. Martin, for one month free
of 'rent.'. This, offer was all :thei more /gen
erous In view of -Coquelln's historic quar
rel, with the Comedie Francalse and 'his
leaving them altogether. "Coquelln saw
TValdeck-Rousseau- and told him ¦¦that" he
wished to sink all old differences 'in 'view
of the present distress : of *: the Comedie
Francalse and in the superior Interest of
art.
Hatred of :En g-land-
There-has been. a recrudescence of An-
soldiers refuse to go, some of them be
ing In hiding.
CONTENTION OF DEMOCRATS
SUSTAINED IN COURT
LOriSVILT.E, Ky., March 10.-A decis
ion sustaining the contention of the
Democrats that the Legislature Is the
tribunal desipnatPd by the constitution
for the determination of contests for the
office of Governor and Lieutenant Gov
ernor was handed flown in the Circuit
Court this morninjr by Judge Fields. Th»
Republicans trill appeal the cas*» to the
Btat<» Court of Appeal?, and 5f the decis
ion there if aprainst them, will try to get
a hearing before the United States Su
preme Court.
Jurtjre Fields reviews the history of the
cape and the pleading* of both sides, but
devotes mopt of his opinion to quotations
from court* of last tr^rt involving the
competency of the legislature finally to
decide similar disputes. He quotes the
reports of the contest boards, finding in
favor of the Democratic contestants for
Governor and I^iputpnarit Governor, and
cays that, while th* Legislature was dis
persed by militia before these reports
w*r* acted upon and was barred from its
usual sitting place, the record of the Gen
eral Assembly shows that the reports de
' daring Beckham Governor were adopted
by a quorum of each House of the Legis
lature. This showing of the records, he
. holds to be sufficient. The line of aothor-
Ity to the effect that the courts cannot
inquire into the motives which Induced
•the action of the I^esMature, he declares,
li unbroken, and must be taken- as the
law.
THREE CHIEFS
ARE ACCUSED OF
CANNIBALISM
British Columbian Indians
Complained Of by
Missionaries.
Throe MartyTS Sto<ld .lnside a Circle
and Braves Bit* Pieces From
- Their Bodies - and Ate
1 Them.
CHICAaO, March tt^-A ipedal to th«
Record from Vancoinrar, B. C. says:
Three chiefs of the Alberta Bay tribe*
of Indians were brought here from North
ern British Columbia last night to be tried
for their live* for eating human flesh. The
offenses were committed at a, potlatch
three weeks ago.
During the potlatch the ancient death
dance was called for. Martyrs were asked
to step into the circle. Two young bucks
and an Indian maiden answered the call
and •¦ stood near a> fire naked, - while ten
painted savages danced around them.
darting at them and biting pieces out of
their arms and legs and eating the bleed
ing morsel*. -
. A missionary complained to the Gover
nor, who warned the tribe that if It eats
human flesh again its land will be taken
away. In the meantime the three chiefs
are to suffer for their tribe at the hands
of the law. • >
DAROUX CONVICTED
OF POOL-SELLING
Will Now Attack the Validity of the
Ordinance In the Higher
Courts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 10.— The first
victory in the legal, battle /against the
poolrooms was won this afternoon when
Frank Daroux was convicted of having
violated the terms of the ordinance re
cently passed by the Board of Trustees.
Daroux will appeal the case to the higher
courts, wherein he will attack the valid
ity of the measure. The evidence to-day
went to show that . after the passage of
the ordinance Daroux opened a poolroom
in Washington, directly across, the river,
with a branch in this city. He published
placards to the effect that no bets would
be made at this branch and that those
desiring to purchase pools would nave to
cross the river. But this claim was
shown by the evidence to.be merely a
subterfuge and bets were regularly made
at the branch establishment and pools
sold there. Since the practice Of pool
sellers here and elsewhere has been to
evade the law by some such scheme as
that adopted by Daroux. the decision of
Judge Anderson in finding Daroux guilty
is of Interest. Says Judge Anderson:
' "This - case presents a state of facts
showing conclusively that the .defendant
is attempting to evade ordinance 522 by a
show of not receiving bets at Sixth and J
streets. Here la an established place
called, a poolroom, -.where an expense of
$100. per. day Is admitted and yet; I am
asked to believe ,that there Is nothing in
violation- of. ¦¦the ¦ ordinance .going on.'
There Is t positive testimony of at least
two bets, with circumstances of many. A
court ; possessed of powers of reasoning
could not fall to, arrive at the conclusion
that defendant Is the owner of these pool
rooms, and that they are oonducted for
the sole purpose of evading ordinance 522.
Certainly -defendant would not incur an
expense of $100 per day for no return. In
fact the defendant's statement to the of
ficers, goes a long way to the establish
ment of his intent to violate the . ordi
nance. . '.:<--•
"In this case we have a direct showing
of a place called a poolroom. It is shown
to be directly connected with a place in
Yolo of similar sort, all under ona man
agement. The defendant's own statement
shows a direct evasion of the ordinance
of Sacramento. The law does not rec
ognise evasion and will' not allow courts,
particularly Inferior courts, to do It." .
VOTE ON HAWAIIAN BILL.
House to Take Final Action on the
Measure in April.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— The s House
agreed to-day to take up" the bill provid
ing a government for' Hawaii on April 8,
the final vote to be taken on April 6, at
4p. m. ' ... -¦: • •
Consideration . of the Wise- Young elec
tion contest .was resumed and occupied
the entire .remainder of the session.
Weeks criticized -election methods in va
rious Southern States and compared them
with the methods in the North.- This was
vigorously resented** by Cooper of Texas
and Terry of Arkansas.* • -;
Burke of Texas presented the case In
behalf of the conteetee, ; Young. He said
this case amounted to a proposition ¦to
disfranchise a city, of 40.000 inhabitants
Norfolk), because of th« illegality of not
fcceeding 140 votes. ? *,-,
Hull replied to a statement by Burke
that Hanna, as chairman of the Repub
lican National Committee, held . that I Hol
land was the regular candidate of the Re
publicans- In -¦ the .-* Second Congressional
District of Virginia. • Hull said that
Hanna had made no such decision. The
Congressional committee ¦ had - charge *of
that matter and had decided that wise
was the regular candidate.
.'Llnney of North Carolina epoko in sup
port Of wise. At 4:12 p. m. the House ad
journed. .. ¦: • ;.. ,i -
DAVID C. HALSEY DEAD.
... -- • , -'<¦ S ¦.; , n-¦ ... .-:• • ¦ ?
Was Proprietor of th« St. James
Hotel in San Jose.
;. SAN JOSE, March 10.— David a Halsey.
proprietor., of the Hotel St. ¦- James jof this
city," died at . 12:25 to-day I after an illness
las ting seven days. ~ Mr. - Halsey .was for
merly proprietor, of the : Burns Hotel *. at
Woodland, : and ' was - largely ' acaainted
throughout the State, and universally • ea
teemed/v*::,,'.¦.-,% '.- ¦-'-'-¦-.¦ ; ..-. . '.'--• ¦¦. ¦•¦¦_ ' : ' K
. He was 'a' thirty-second' degree ' Mason
and a prominent member of "Woodland
Parlor, -Native Sons of.' the Golden West,
also ; a .: member of ; the Elks. ¦ • He was .41
years 'of agref. • • -¦ . • ." . r. . •
65TH POLICE PRECINCT.
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y. Greater New York, Nov. ii, 1899.
GENTLEMEN: ?' '-V- .¦-."/. -
In justice to youj 1 feel it is my duty to send you an acknowledgment of the receipt
of the sample bottle of Swamp- Root you so kindly sent me. I had been out of health for the past
five years with kidney and bladder trouble. Had our best physicians prescribe for me. They would re-
lieve me for the time being, but the old complaint would in a short time return again. ;;I sent for a sam-
ple bottle of Swamp-Root, and I found it did me a world of good. . Since then-I have taken eight small
bottles bought at my drug store, and I consider myself perfectly cured.; -It seemed as though my back
wouid break in two after stooping. Ido not have to get up during Ihe night to urinate as I formerly did,
three or four times a night, but now sleep the sleep of peace. My back is all right again, and in.eyery
<vay lam a new man. Two of my brother officers are still using Swamp-Root. They, like myself, can-
not say too much in praise of it. It is a boon to mankind. We recommend it to all humanity whoare
suffering from kidney and bladder diseases.
My brother qfficers (whose signatures accompany this letter), as well as myself, thank you- for
the blessing you have brought to the human race in the compounding of Swamp-Root.
We remain, yours very truly, , : ¦ JAMES COOK, •
: :; if: ; . " HUGH E. BOYLE,
Officers of the 65th Police Precinct, Greater New York. JOHN J. BODKIN. ;•
November 16. 1899.
THEODORUS VAN WTCK. former Editor of the Mount
.Vernoo News, and now one of the most prosperous real
estate brokers in New York, 128 South Eleventh ave-
nue. Mount Vernon, N.y. "v . *~.S *^i. v,. .
To "Whom It May Concern:' / ;¦¦'';!''. '':
I had been a sufferer for over four, years, from "severe
attacks of rheumatism and, kidney, trouble, probably con-,
traeted by exposure on hunting expeditions and wading
trout streams. I tried many remedies, the patent and other
kind, but none of them seemed to do me any good. I was
persuaded by an old and valued friend to try Swamp-
Root, and frankly confess that it has benefited; me as no
¦oth^r medicine has. I nowXeel like myself -again."' I ..do,
not have the constant aches and pains Ts;hich"at one time
seemed to make life unbearable. It -is a positive benefit In
ailments of this kind. I always keep ft in' the- house. as:it
is Just as necessary as bread and butter. Very respectfully,
EDITORIAL NOTE— The great kidney remedy, Swamp-Root, is so remarkably successful that a special arra
our readers who have not already tried it may have a sample bottle sent absolutely free by mail. Also a bookselling al
containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured by. Swanit
this generous offer in San Francisco Sunday Call when sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton. I : N. ',*
His Physicfan Prescribed Swamp-Root.
l*-r\ •; New fork. Nov. 1 7,18 99
To Whom It May .Concern : •: i.
/ was all -run down .in health ; and spirith, from overwork on
the Exchange floor. I developed nervous [neuralgia and also suf-
fered from an acute attack of rheumatism: 3"*,^ r fe;&.'
Of course, I had careful medical attendance, but while con-
valescing "my own physician himself ordered me to take Swamp-
Root to build up my nervous system, and put my kidneys in shape,
ft.he/pedf. me- more- than ; any :cvrattve i or tonic I ever used, ond
now I always keep it in my medicine jshest. With best wishes for
sufferer's, '. • ';'-..' ¦'¦ ' : :T; v i^; • '.'.
Test for Yourself the Wonderful
Curative Properties of Swamp=Root
CATARRH CAUSES CONSUMPTION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO C ALI;, SUjNT)AY, MARCH 11, 1900.
How to Find Out if You
Need Swamp-Root.
It used. to be considered that only ur-
inary and bladder troubles were to be
traced to the kidneys, but now modern
science proves that nearly all diseases
have their beginning in the; disorder of
these" most important organi. . '
.The kidneys .filter and purify the
biood— that Is their work. •
* So. when your kidneys are weak or
out of order, you can understand, how
quickly your entire body ¦is affected,
and how every organ seems to fall to
do its duty. ¦/ i[; \ ~
If you- are sick or "feel badly," begin
taking the famous j new discovery,; Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon
as your kidneys are well they will help
all the other organs to health. A trial
will.convince;any one.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re-
sponsible for more sickness and Buffer-
ing, than any other disease, and if per-
mitted to continue fatal results are sure
to follow." Kidney trouble irritates the
nerves, makes you dizzy, restless,
sleepless and irritable. . Makes you pass
water often during the day and obliges
you to get lip many time* during the
night. Causes puffy or dark circles un-
der the eyee, rheumatism, gravel, - ca»
tarrh of the bladder, pain or dull ache
in the back, joints and muscles, makes
your head ache and back ache, causes
indigestion, stomach and liver trouble;
you get a Ballow, yellow complexion;
makes you feel as though you had heart
trouble; you may have plenty of ambi-
tion, but no strength; get weak'and
waste away. ..' ' '. : '*'£&Y;
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, the world famous
kidney remedy. In taking Swamp-Root
you. afford natural help to nature, for
Swamp-Root is the most perfect healer
and gentle aid to the kidneys that is
known to medical science.
If there is any doubt in your mind aa
to your condition, take from your urine
on rising about four ounces, place It in
a glass or bottle and let it stand
twenty-four hours. If, on examination,
it is milky or cloudy, if there is a brick
dust settling,' or if small particles float
about in it, your kidneys are in heed of
immediate attention. , > :
Swamp-Root Is pleasant to- take and
is used in the leading hospitals., recom-
mended, by 'Eklllfur.physiciaris in. their
private practice, and is taken : by doc-i
tors themselves who' have ' kidney ail-
ments 1 , because they, recognize in it the
greatest and most' successful J_ remedy
for kidney, liver and bladder troubles.
If . you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular 60-cent and $1 size
bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
ngement has been made "by, which all
about kidney and bladder trouble* and
i-Root. Be sure and mention reading
,>¦- So, ' also, if you, 'would be free \ from :
serious diseases, bezoareof, the little germs
\6f- badness- in fybixr -blood. :That '¦¦ smalt
pimple, that tittle distress to the stomach
I calls for 1 Hood's Sarsaparilla \ to' prevent
| the development of dyspepsia, scrofula,
jor some other'painfut disease* . . . ;~ j
P Dizzy BpeH8 r- ','. Sudden daisy spelts
would make 'my hands .and, side-nvrnb
*and I could riot 'tvork. ':'"¦ Took" Hood's Sar-
saparilla and lam aivett man. ' ' Fred . V.
.
j *Do not l take any J substitute jwhen :yoa
caU for Hood's Sarsaparilla. ,;
44 To Avoid Great Fautis,
v CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
Y-^^T-n — ™Zl~ ¦ 'A=--^_- - \-^- _3^.-^- v ' J'f 30 '¦' '
¦fry: •; ' 'The finest and the cheapest
|— <O|-f* on the coast. Of
JL-J'Gil V^^V A-£*±. Oak, Curly Red-
I s 11 ITTIT-C wood or Mahog-
AI. fitted throughout , \£/ LA ;lrl IID • any, with beveled
with nickel trimmings. mirrors.
•We make them and guarantee them.
. J „ SEND 5 CENTS FOR > POSTAGE I
( ;' I FOR NEW, FURNITURE CATALOG. I
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
1017-1023; Mission Street^ Above Sixth,
PHONE SOUTH 14.^ BAH rrtAHCt9CO.
1 BOYLE. JI V *>. / I J ' BODKIN. • .
' ¦ ¦¦ T \~]J ' V ' -i-lJ— — J . i .
14| Teeth That Ache
+ We Carefully Treat and
% Fill Without Pain : : : : :
I DR. HIGGINS
X (E/AMfl SPRECKELS BUILDING). \
X 927 MARKET STREET.
X ¦ 4 ¦ ¦ — '— ?¦¦'"
+ . _ . uf.-U-...^ PURE GOLD FILLING.. .*I.OO up
+ Tcetfo Extracted Without bilvek fi11ing... .......b0c u P
X Pain a Specialty. plates that fit. »4.00 u P ¦
-?¦ ? ~ ' ;'¦
4 M + » + ++++++++ ???????? :
RESERVING NOME TRADE.
Treasury Department Ruling Prac-
tically Shut Out British
Vessels.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., March 10.—
Advices from Washington say that the
Treasury Department has taken a decided
stand relative to shipping American goods
via Canadian points Into Alaska in British
vessels, and has instructed the Collector
of Customs to collect duty on all goods
arriving in Alaska on British vessels even
If they are accompanied with export cer
tificates.
Many shippers to Alaska obtain export
certificates and send their goods to Van
couver and other points and thence to
Alaska in British vessels, thereby work-
Ing an Injury to American vessels. This
order will practically debar British ves
sels from entering the Nome trade in
freight carrying business. It is said that
many American firms have already con
tracted with British vessels for -the deliv
ery of large consignments of merchandise
at Nome, but owing to the ruling of the
Treasury Department these contracts will
have to be canceled.
feature was an orange \ arch fifty feet
high, built of orange boxes, each showing
the labels of firms that send oranges to
all parts of the world from • this section.
The net receipts of the exposition will
form a nucleus for a fund to erect a
much-needed convention hall the Mer
chants' and Manufacturers' Association
has undertaken to build.
.¦ : . ¦ ?
STOOD ON CHAIRS FOUR
DAYS IN SUBMERGED HUT
Awful Experience of an Indiana
Family Whose Island Home
Was Flooded.
PERU, Ind., March 10.— The four chil
dren of Arthur Williams, whose family
lived for four days in a submerged liut
on an island In the Wabash River, proba
bly will die as a result of their terrible
experience.
The sudden rise •in the Wabash River
some days ago during the night caused
the ice to open, and the only boat of the
family was crushed. . The family could not
cross to the shore, and for four days no
one heard their calls, for help. During
this time the river gradually rose, sub
merging the hut, and for three days tl>e
family was compelled to stand on chairs
and tables, and finally on the fourth day
and night clung to the narrow roof of
the shed to escape drowning. David
Crlpe and Shumann Hemlnger, neighbor
ing farmers, finally heard the cries and
after numerous attempts succeeded in res
cuing them.
SOLDIER KILLED AND
EATEN BY YGOROTES
Horrible Story Contained in Letters
From Members of the Thirty-
Third Regiment. -. ¦
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., March 10.— In two
different letters received in this city from
the Thirty-third Infantry, which got bo
close upon the heels of Aguinaldo In the
mountains in the north of Luzon, comes
the story that a member of the regiment
who fell behind while in the hills was
killed and partly eaten by Ygorotes. Pri
vate Mohavler writes one letter and Ser
geant Bateman another telling of this.
PLOTTERS ARRESTED.
PARIS, March 10.— An investigation of
the plot in Rio de Janeiro to overthrow
the republic has disclosed the fact that
almost all the persons compromised have
been arrested. For a month past the
Government has known that the adver
saries of the present regime, who were
annoyed because of the financial excite
ment of the country, wished to create In
ternal differences and bring about the fall
of the Government. The authorities adopt
ed a calm, vigilant attitude and de
termined to act at an opportune moment.
A police officer was detected receiving
money from the monarchists and distrib
uting It to various agents. Other persons
also received large sums.
The plan of the conspirators was a
childish one. They proposed to arrest
President Salles at Petropolls, and if suc
cessful in this a provisional government
composed of six members was to be es
tablished. The inquiry is still being car
ried on.
ROOSEVELT'S AMBITION.
NEW YORK, March 10.— The commer
cial organizations of this city gave a din
ner at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel to-night
in honor of Governor Roosevelt for his
stand in favor of improving the Erie ca
nal. The speeches were entirely upon the
project of the canal. The chairman. In
troducing Governor Roosevelt, proposed
three cheers, which were given, the toast
being drunk standing. Some persons
shouted "Hurrah for our next President."
When Governor Roosevelt began speaking
he asserted he was not a candidate for
the Presidency and had no intention of
ever being so. y
•i.'l have done my duty," he said, "and
need no reward. My ambition is not na
tional and will not be." .
SHOT BY FOOTPADS.
LOS ANGELES, March 10,-^Tudge H. C.
Gooding, ex-Chief Justice of Arizona, was
shot and seriously wounded to-night by
footpads in the immediate vicinity of his
home on Orchard avenue near Adams
street.
At about 10 o'clock Judge Gooding was
taking a stroll when he was stopped by
two footpads. He resisted their forcible
demand for money and one of them shot
him through the left shoulder. On ac
count of his advanced years the wound is
considered dangerous. The footpads after
holding up a minister in the same neigh
borhood for a small amount escaped,
leaving no clew. .: .-•. -• ¦¦:¦¦
Was Probably Murdered.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, March 10.—
John French of New York, a lawyer
and a graduate of Columbia Law School,
who has served as a lieutenant in the
Seventy-first Regiment, was found dead
in a hallway this morning. The circum
stances surrounding the case give rise to
a suspicion of foul play. Mr. French had
been in Porto Rico a year, having been
employed as a school teacher and in news
paper WOrk. .•:;:;..-
ACTION ON
MEAT BILL IS
UNPOPULAR
Mass - Meetings Protesting
Against It Held in
Berlin.
WORK ONJEW_ TREATIES
Naval Attache Beehler Wins Popu
larity by Refusing to Purchase
Secrets Offered by a
Traitor.
Copyrlshtec, 1900. by the Atsoclated Prees.
BERLIN, March 10.-The action of the
Reichstag yesterday evening regarding
tne meat bill was eagerly commented
upon. The declarations of Prince Hohen
lohe and Count yon Posadowski-Wofcr.M
had the effect of discomfiting the Agra
nans. Some of the papers hitherto strong
ly in favor of the committee report, like
the Neuste Naehrichten. now say they
are unable to call the Reichstag action
w:*«. The National Zeitung rakes Count
I esadowskl-Wehner over the coals be
cause of his "shilly-shallying with the
Agrarians." instead of firmly declaring
the Government's intentions. It continues:
'Count yon Posadowski-Wehner's ibus
ir.g of these who tndeavor to re-establish
the Government bill and his defense ot the
Agrarians' insatiable greed Is character
istic, count yon Posadowski-Wehner on
an important occasions returns to his nr*t
love, the Agrarians, and seldom misses the
opportunity to throw mud en us. The f.m
tisiios Count yon Pasodowski-Wehn-sr
uses to prove that the Americans have b>
far the largest interest in preserving cor
dial commercial relations with Germany
are untrustworthy."
Protrst meetings against the meat bill
continue. The Berlin Chamber of Com
merce has called a meeting for to-morrow,
at which representatives of all German In
tiustry and commerce will be present.
Prince yon Hohenlohe told the repre
sentative of the Associated Press that the
Bundesrath was willing to accept the law
excluding sausapes and canned meats. ,?x
cept where the Bundesrath specially per
mits their importation, relinquishing the
paragraph about domestic slaughtering,
but will not accept the fixing of a dat«
for the total exclusion of fresh meats.
Prince Hohenlohe also said that the
Pope had actually expressed a wish that
the Center should not create difficulties
for the German Government in connection
with the meat bill.
Will Consider the Naval Bill.
To a certain extent the naval bill de
rvencs upon the issue of the meat bill. The
Bundesrath will hold an extra session on
Monday to consider the question of rais'ny
the cost of the fleet increase. Herr Eufjciiv.
Kleiner's Freissinnige Zeitung demon
strates by official statistics that the re
ceipts of the rmpire are steadily dcclii.ing,
and that for 1539 the States fur
nished 5.000.000 marks to the empire to re
establish the equilibrium. Herr Richter
argues therewith that the whole of the
Government's calculations about the
naval bill's expenses arc erroneous and
that the costs of the fleet must be raisel
by taxes.
It is semi-offlcially given out by the
Imperial Department of the Interior that
the preparatory work for the projected
commercial treaties is far advanced. All
the negotiations with each country start
out from the German general tariff figure,
as in the case with Austrian coals and
RuPFian cereal?, but as the negotiations
propress the most important articles are
sinpkd out as the main objects;
Treaties Not Endangered.
From inside information it may be said
that the Imperial Government will never
accept paragraph 14 of the meat bill.
Therefore, it is not considered that th«
commercial treaties with the United
Statf-s are endangered by yesterday even
ing's vote. There is no occasion for
Americans to get excited.
A protest meeting against the depart
ment store bill, at which 10.000 people
were present, took place here last night,
and there have been similar meetings
elsewhere.
Commander William 11. Beehler. the
United States naval attache, has acquir
ed an exceptionally favored position here
for the following reasons:
"Commander Beehler was permitted to
visit the Krupps establishment and every
thing was explained to him. The Em
peror afterward jocularly said:
"If I had been Krupp I would have fired
you."
Letter from a Traitor.
Since then a traitor in Essen wrote to
Beehler, offrrinp to sell him and through
him the I'nited States several of the se
cret Krupp processes. Beehler sent the
letter to the Krupps and the man who
x\rot*» it has since been arrested for
breach of confidence, but the United
States naval attache now enjoys the full
confidence of official circles.
The German waiters' congress held here
this w«»ek showed untenable conditions.
Or.c of the main complaints of the dele
patos was that the employer? compelled
them to give up regular monthly amounts
from their "tips," often amounting to 50
per cent-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY MARCH 11, 1900.
Exposition Closes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 10.— After a run
of three weeks the Industrial, Citrus and
Mining Exposition i closed to-night. The
exposition * was visited by nearly -: 30,000
persons and in the scorces of booths were
. epresented the commercial ¦,< Interests of
Southern California > and the home , prod
jets of Los Angeles. The most notable
ADVERTISEMENTS.
renting Spells
Are peculiar to women. Men rarely
faint. Many women are liable to what
they term « fainting , spells," and this
liability is always most marked at the
monthly period, t This alone is sufficient
to connect the "fainting spell" with a
deranged or diseased r
condition of the -fotffrh
womanly organs. JqHIbW
The use of Doctor (Wf9rl&
Pierces Favorite V3 J|f^|
Prescription cures
irregularity, heals 1
inflammation and /^S^-*W_I
ulccration, and stops »^>&QBW
the drains which HKtI-tIH
weaken the body. It BK^^^M
builds up the nerv- HHRT'IW I
ous system, increases J
the vital powers, and
so removes the com-
mon causes of faint* . B
ness in women. M H
There is no alcohol B H
in "Favorite Pre- H H
acription ; " neither H
does it contain HH Hi
opium, cocaine, nor VH I
any other narcotic. ¦Kfl
"It gives me much
pleasure," writes ¦. Miss |^X
Ella Sapp, of James-
town, Gullford Co., N.C., .^BmB fflfii
"to thank Or. Pierce for
the great good received I^H
from the use of bis A VClffl
' Favorite Prescription ' ¦ EflQflHmH
and ¦Golden Medical SQHpH^
Discovery.' I hod suf- ~
fered , for three years or, *—^^^- I
more at monthly periods. II seemed as though
I would die with pain in my back and stomach.
I could not stand on my feet without fainting ;
had given up all hope of ever being cured, when
one of my friends insisted upon my trying Dr.
Pierre's Favorite Prescription.; With but little
faith I tried it, and before I had taken half a
bottle I felt better, had . better appetite and
slept better. Now I have taken two bottles of
' Favorite Prescription ',: and : one ; of ' Golden
Medical Discovery,' and am happy to say I am
entirely . cured; and I all done in two months'
time, wren all other medicines had failed to do
any good'".,- .
Keep the liver healthy by using Dr.
Piece's Pleasant • Pellet* -
KITCHENER GOES TO
SUPPRESS REBELLION
CARNARVON, Cape Colony, March 10.
—General Kitchener has arrived at Vic
toria West to organize various columns
for the purpose of suppressing the re
bellion which Is spreading in this district.
Minor fighting has occurred In several di
rections.
KRUGER HAS RETURNED.
PRETORIA. March 9— The President
has returned from Bloemfonteln. General
Joubert Is expected here shortly. Fight
ing commenced in the direction of Help
maakar this morning.
LEAVES FOR ALIWAL NORTH.
JAMESTOWN. Cape Colony. March 10.—
General Brabant's column left at day
break to-day for Aliwal North.
McCormick Retires.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— Rear Ad
miral H. H. McCormlck, who was yester
day assigned to duty as second in com
mand of the Asiatic station under Ad
miral Remey. has been placed on the re
tired list on his own application. The
officer has been in command at the
Washington Navy-yard, and found that
his health would not stand the strain
FELL THREE STORIES
DOWN A LIGHT WELL
Emil Leonard Anderson, aged 19, who Is
employed by Miller & Lux and resides at
34 Essex street, fell down the light well
of the Alcazar building from the fifth to
the second floor last night. He fractured
his skull, broke both legs and was injured
Internally.
He had been attending an entertainment
given by the Scandinavian Society. At
its conclusion he went into -the hallway
and while waiting for some friends to join
him took-a seat on the low railing around
the light well. He lost his balance and
fell headlong to the floor three stories
below.
INSURGENTS RESIST
HOUSTON'S BATTALION
Seven Americans Killed During an
Engagement in the Province
of Panique. v
MANILA, March 11, noon.— Thousands
of organized insurgents are resisting
Colonel Houston's battalion of the Nine
teenth Regiment at Panlque, province of
Panay, which is the only province which
the Americans do not occupy. The Amer
icans have lost seven killed. A battalion
of the Forty-fourth from Iloilo re
inforced Houston's command.
One hundred and fifty Tagalos armed
with rifles have surrendered at Capiz and
have been transferred to Luzon.
Six Americans were killed in an ambush
recently laid by the Filipinos at Aparri.
Will Not Strike.
ST. LOUIS. March 10.— The threatened
strike of the employes of the St. Louis
Transit Company is off. An agreement
perfectly satisfactory "to both sides was
reached at 7 o'clock to-night between the
officials of the transit company and the
executive committee of the employes.
Later the agreement was ratified by a
mass meetine of the employes and thus
the contest of the last few days ended.
While the men did not get all they asked
for they have received substantial recog
nition.
m —
Pepin Arrested.
SANTO DOMINGO, March 10.-rGeneral
Ptpin, ex-Governor of Santiago de Los
Caballeros, who recently headed a revolt
against the Government, has been arrest'
ed and the insurrection has been sup
pressed. The country is now quiet.
Killed by a Wagon.
WINNEMUCCA, New, March 10.— Jacob
Bachoffen, a German laborer aged about
25 years, was run over and killed by a
wagon here to-day, one of the rear wheels
passing over the man's head and crushing
it to a shapeless mess.
School Bonds Voted.
ANGELS CAMP, March 10.— At the elec
tion held at this place on the proposition
of issuing bonds for $15,000 for the erec
tion and equipment of a grammar school
building, of the 200 votes cast there were
but eight dissenting ones.
Killed by a Rock.
SANTA CRUZ, March 10.— As the result
of a rock falling on his head at the Holmes
Kiln this afternoon D. Bernatl, an
Italian, aged 35 . :ars, was instantly
killed. His neck and back were broken.
Veterinary Inspector Chosen.
SAN JOSE, March 10.— At a meeting of
the city Board of Health this evening Dr.
Hume A. Spencer was chosen veterinary
Inspector, with power to enforce the sani
tary regulations regarding, the sale of
milk. .;
His Skull Crushed.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 10.— A
Mexican named Jim Waters was found
dead this morning In the north part of
the city with his skull broken. An, in
quest will be held.
Patterson Convicted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROSEBURG, Or.. March 10.— Hugh Pat-,
terson, convicted of a felonious assault,'
was sentenced to five years' Imprisonment
and the trial of B. F. Harvey upon tho
same charge was continued for the term.
He is out on $1000 bonds.
BOXER TIM MURPHY
HERE FOR A FIGHT
Is the Brother of Australian Billy
Murphy and Has Swept the
Boards in the Colonies./
Boxer Tim Murphy, champion middle
weight of Australia and brother of the
redoubtable "Billy" Murphy, arrived on
the Australian steamer on Friday. He has
HOTLY PURSUED
FOUR MILES BY
HUGE PANTHER
Pulton Allison Has a Narrow
Escape in Marin
County.
When the Animal First Sprang at
Him One of Its Claws Tore
His Hand, Causing
Painful Wound.
Special Dispatch to Tha OtlL
SAN RAFAEL, March 10.— Fulton B.
Allison, a well-known young man of San 1
Rafael, met an adventure with a panther '
on Bollnas Ridge early this morning,
which, but for his presence of mind and
the speed of his horses, would have had
a fatal termination.
Allison started out from Bollnas early
this morning, stopping at Little Carson
Gulch to water his team. He had got oft
to fix the bridles when his attention was
attracted by a stealthy footfall on tha
side of the hill behind him. Looking
round he found himself face to face with
an Immense panther. For a moment tha
beast seemed paralyzed at the encounter.
Taking advantage of this Allison sprang:
into his wagon, at the same moment tho
horses scented the panther, and wild with
terror plunged forward Just in time to
avoid the animal's murderous Impact, Us!
claw, however, lacerating Allison's hand'
In Its attack. From Little Carson Gulch
to LJbertys Station is four miles of steep
down grade and a race for life followed ¦
for the entire distance, the horses urged,
by their terrified driver straining every
muscle and the panther following the fly-t
Ing wagon in huge bounds. At Liberty*
Station the brute gave up the chase and:
slunk off into the woods.
Some hours of rest were needed before
the exhausted tram could start again
and Allison's hand is to-night extremely
gainful where the panther's claw struck'
im. '
FICHT FOR
A SPANISH
SHIP'S SAFE
Cuban Police Driven OS the
United States Transport
Williams.
TROUBLE IN SANTIAGO BAY
Rival Contenders for the Treasure
Found Aboard the Hulk of the
Sunken Gunboat
Furor.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, March 10.—Ri
valry over the possession of a safe be
longing.to the sunken Spanish torpedo
gunboat Furor almost caused a second
naval battle yesterday. Cendoya, the
agent of the Ward line, with his Cuban
partners, has been engaged for several
months in wrecking the warships and has
performed considerable work, in dyna
miting the Furor, which work was diffi
cult on account of the depth of th» wa
ter—twelve fathoms.
Recently he located a safe supposed to
contain $12,000 in Spanish gold and return
ed to find the buoy removed. He was
compelled to come to this city for a pilot
and returned to the wreck of the Furor,
where he found the American transport
Williams with a diver down. A rival diver
thereupon descended, and each of them
claimed he was the first to take posses
sion of the safe. A quarrel ensued, and
the transport's diver came up, alleging
that his rival had threatened him with
a knife. Cendoya's diver attached a line
to the safe, which he and his companions
claim the American officer took forcibly,
intimidating them with rifles from the
transport. Captain Parr says the line
failed -to raise the safe and that their
diver succeeded In attaching a line, which
secured the treasure.
•On board the Williams were Captain
Blunt, assistant quartermaster in charge
of the transport: Lieutenant Hamilton,
an engineer officer, and Superintendent
Fowler of the Barber Asphalt Company.
The American officers disclaim any finan
cial Interest in the expedition.
Captain Blunt says he allowed the di
vers and others to use the Williams be
cause, temporarily, she was not needed,
and during the quarrel stood on her deck
with a rifle, which, he says, was not load
ed. He disclaims any intention to use his
position, his uniform or arms to intimi
date the Cuban divers. Lieutenant Ham
ilton says he accompanied the expedition
as a spectator.
Safe Had Disappeared.
Both boats eventually returned to the
harbor and Cendoya. secured an order
from the court directing the police to take
possession of the safe. Fifteen armed
policemen on the tug Colon followed the
Williams, maneuvering: around the bay
for an hour. Finally the tug went along
side the Williams, and the police, with
drawn revolvers, prepared to board her.
when Captain Cooper, commanding the
Williams, confronted them with a rifle
and announced his intention to kill the
first man who/ stepped on board. He
claimed the civil, courts had no jurisdic
tion over Government ships. The police
thereupon retreated behind the pilot
house and the Colon returned to her
wharf.
Cendoya then reported the affair to De
partment Commander Whiteside, who or
dered Staff Adjutant Harford to investi
gate. Harford and some press represen
tatives searched the Williams at midnight
and no safe was found. Captain Blunt
and Captain Cooper disclaim any knowl
edge of the present whereabouts of the
safe, which Fowler says was thrown
overboard. Fowler declined to say
whether the coin had been removed. He
had a half Interest in the expedition and
says he is a partner of McGrail, a civil
employe of Captain Blunts office. Cen
doya is an American citizen and makes
serious charges against Captain Blunt,
which Commander Whiteside will investi
gate.
The Cubans resent the action of Captain
Cooper in refusing to accept the service
of legal process and they call the Wil
liams a pirate under the American flag.
CONFIDENCE
OF ENGLAND
IS RESTORED
Passing of the Nightmare
That Followed Early
Boer Victories.
OUEEN AROUSES WAR FERVOR
Her Visit to London Timed to Modify
the Effect of the Announcement
of the Enormous
Budget.
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, March 10.— A week that
opened with a budget increasing the bur
den of the British taxpayer to an almost
unprecedented extent and ended with the
Queen stirring hundreds of thousands of
her subjects to enihusiastlc demonstra
tions of patriotism and war fervor can
scarcely be said to be barren of interest
ing circumstances. It would perhaps be
giving Lord Salisbury and his Cabinet too
much credit to say that the sudden
springing of the budget with its enormous
deficit and the quickly planned visit of the
Queen to London almost before the people
had time to realize how much the war
was costing them were part and parcel of
a masterly understanding of politics,
which, under the cloak of academic leth
argy, is keenly alive to every chance of
the moment. But whatever were the mo
tives prompting the Government's actions
— and the Queen never moves without con
sulting Lord Salisbury — they resulted most
favorably. No suspicion of .political pre
meditation has marred the heartiness of
the Queen's welcome, though the Irish
have not proved quite so Ingenuous in
commenting on her proposed visit to their
shores. Still, on the whole, the recent
actions of the Queen, her decision to re
main home, instead of going to Italy, her
projected trip to the Emerald Isle and her
generous recognition of the gallantry of
the Irish troops, combined with the vic
torious progress of Lord Roberts, have
once more put the United Kingdom on
excellent terms with itself.
Punch's Apt Cartoon.
This week's cartoon in Punch aptly Il
lustrates the feeling. It is an ill-drawn
lion with an uplifted paw, like a lump of
putty, coming out of a cave, with tierce
teeth bared and eyes glowering in the dl
rection of an animal which, resembling
nothing more than the well "known
human donkey of the American
stage, is labeled "continental press,"
ana is slinking off with a slouchy
gait before tne pugnacity of the
lion look. But no amount of poor draw-
Ing can kill the strength of the caption to
this curious picture, which reads "Who
said dead?" and that voices the spirit of
the nation to-day better than could col
umns of analytical review.
With the prospect of more serious over
tures for peace than those made this
week by the Boers, it is likely that the
feeling illustrated by Punch will Increase
and that the normal condition of self
confidence and might will shortly be
thoroughly re-established in Great Bri
tain, in spite of the terrible shaking up
that occurred before Lord Roberts took
the helm.
In the opinion of those best informed as
to Government opinions, the Boers Bre
likely to make a series of propositions
for peace, none of which will be feasible
for British consideration until the British
troops practically overrun the Transvaal
territory and only one card remains in
the republic's hands. Thus, while the re
cent and future negotiations are and will
be welcomed as most satisfactory signs
of British military progress, they are not
considered to Indicate that the end of the
war Is In sight. As an instance of this.
Lord Salisbury's reception of two long
cablegrams from President Kruger on
the subject of the terms did not delay for
an instant the preparations for sending
out large British re-enforcements and
supplies, either from England or from
lar-off Australia.
Salisbury Not to Retire.
However, the prophet of pessimism and
change is not stilled entirely. This week
has produced several articles in widely
read mediums in regard to the obligatory
retirement of Lord Salisbury from the
scene of active politics, and In the face of
these oft-repeated rumors a representa
tive of the Associated Press has made in
quiries and receives this statement from
one who. perhaps. Is closer to the Pre
mier than any. one else in England:
"These rumors of Lord Salisbury's poor
health, the breaking down of his intellect
under personal bereavement and his in
ability to concentrate his energies are
pure Inventions. He is in perfect health,
never worked harder and enters into
every situation with keen appreciation of
the slightest detail. I have never seen a
divorce of personality* from official capa
city so strikingly illustrated as It has been
by Lord Salisbury during the last few
months. I suppose that in due time some
one will have to succeed him, but he has
not mentioned this contingency, and from
the zest with which he goes about his
work one would scarcely think he consid
ered it. Personally I would be glad if
Lord Salisbury exhibited more fervor and
vim in his speeches in the House of Lords,
but I am happy to know that what the
world believes to be the lethargy and per
haps even the stolid stupidity of our Pre
mier is evidently due to the belief that the
country is sufficiently excited and stirred
up without his adding directly or indirect
ly any fuel to the fire. With this idea
dominating his actions and speeches he is
perfectly unmoved by the most caustic
satire of the organs of his own party.
With a mature judgment of English peo
ple and affairs of state he believes the
national crisis merits the sacrifice of any
appeal of party or popular sentiment. Any
one knowing the man thoroughly would
be slow to criticize such a determination."
Budget Gracefully Swallowed.
The Introduction of the budget has pro
duced a curious state of affairs, the Chan
cellor of the Exchequer, Sir Michael
Hicks-Beach, becoming the butt of his
own party press and the subject of the
Opposition's encomiums. This is greatly
due to the fact that he followed the lines
of Gladstone's exchequer policy, relying
upon raising existing taxes rather than
the Introduction of new duties with which
to meet the war deficit. The abuse show
ered on him by the Times is particularly 1
strong.
The "Thunderer" has strenuously advo
cated a duty on sugar and several other
innovations, but the Chancellor of the Ex
chequer accepted none of them and paid
the penalty. In spite of this— and thanks
to the Queen and I,ord Roberts— the bud
get has been swallowed gracefully, and
Lord Salisbury's Government is not likely
to suffer much at the next election
through Increased taxation. The price
secured for the war loan also helps the
Chancellor of the Exchequer, as it la not
too low to seriously disappoint the coun
try nor too high to cause a loss. The
llnancial operators bid it up to 102, thus
speculators will reap a nice premium of
3V?-
Then* was nothing heroic and little of
.nterest about' the budget except Sir
Michael Hicks-Beach's reference to the
Chicago millionaire. Smith, whose "state
paid £900.000 in death duties. This created i
almost more comment than anything con
tained in his speech, but since the lute
Mr. Smith's executors have written deny
ing'the statement that he had lived on U
shillings a day and pointing out that he
had given - during; his lifetime nearly a
million sterling to English charities, 'the
Chancellor of the Exchequer's reputation
for happiness in choosing illustrations has
somewhat suffered, while various papers
have questioned his good taste In thu» re
ferring to a dead American.
m,i^ * *.t a Berv *ce of the character re
quired in the Philippines. He was ell*i
««^..h°s 2' 0lu i»tary retirement, having
nt^J £P y years and slx months in the
?."A Hls successor on the China sta
tion has not yet been named.
I BOXER TIM MURPHY. '
T T
fought everybody in hi? class or within
reasonable distance of it, and has never
been defeated. He now weighs 15S pounds
and is 5 feet 9*4 inches in height. As a
light weipht he defeated Dick Wright six
rounds; G. Johnson, seven; H. Howard,
seven, and Mclnerrey. ten. He defeated
Bill Jennings for middle-weight champion
ship in six round?. He a.so defeated Jim
Rogers, heavy-weight, in fourteen rounds;
Fred Preston, ten; Vie Kenick. seven
rounds; Jack Dunnen. nine rounds, and
again in one and a half rounds. He also
defeated Jim Archer, champion of Queens
land, in seven rounds.
He is open for a match here, and It is
probable that he will get one at onco. as
he would prove a stronjr drawing- car-1.
¦ Good blue serge suits!
fl We like the trade of the man who feels that he has not a cent to squan- I
I der when buying his clothes — the man who must make every penny count is I
¦ the one we can satisfy best. fl
fl For such a man we recommend these ready-made blue serge sack fl
fl suits, because they are full value, popular and stylish, and, what's more to fl
9 him, 'they are serviceable. , H
fl The suits were made by us in our own workshop— here is the detail in 3
fl their making: They come in single and double breasted as pictured above; B
9 they are cut with care, just as though they were high-priced goods; the rmk- S
B ing is thoroughly good inside and out, the material is a serge, well dyed with S3
W a rich shade of blue that is unfadable; they have many other "points of virtue gj
9 that tney will show in their wear. B
fl They are unquestionably the best serges for the money that we ever ¦
I sold. H
fl We guarantee every suit— money returned if the customer is not satis- ¦
I.. 'fied; < or a year's repairing free if he keeps the suit B
1 Boys' Suits I
H New arrivals— boys' suits in light spring patterns in ages 8 to i^
fl years; the patterns are grays, in stripes and plaids: the style is double breasted; fl
I i hey will wear exceedingly well, as they have double seats and knees and are I
I all wool; price fl
B We fill out-of-town orders for. clothing, hats and furnishings. Write to us fcr our illustrated I
I catalogue No. 2— it will help you in your ordering. Should you order clothing we send a self-measuring
I blank which assures you of getting a good fit. Write us to-day. Wm
* r""^^^^Jfll i^Hiv^^^B \^^^Kt^KKl iBl i^Vl i^^b* *flH' I^Bil iß' I^^^^^^^EL EHi fcii <flB i
15:¦¦:: : : ia-2-2-1i a-2-2-1 :-i ¦:¦:-i"i":"i-:"i--i":"i"i"i"i-i--i-*i-i-i"i-i"i--i"i"i"i"i-i"i"i"i"i"i"i":--i"i-^-o: ¦:-i"i":"i-:"i--i":"i"i"i"i-i--i-*i-i-i"i-i"i--i"i"i"i"i-i"i"i"i"i"i"i":--i"i-^-o
A NERVOUS HEART. |
this dangerous ;|
4 i.?pl|r .condition comes from J
gip?& "weak nerves." I
Mf^l Hudyan Cures. J
I-J ! /trf'fo THE JTOIBERS TELL, WHKTHER OR NOT YOU *V
,*Jf / * ar» ln danger of serious heart trouble. Note the ***
40.-'J I «€^§a. •ymptoms: Dull or throbbtnr palne ln head (Fig. l); •{•
//"•; j -.U/^^. choklnr nen»atli>n» fKic. 2): i>al<>, haegard kx.k (Fl»r. T
ii'T <f ¦ *^//^W* 3): " vr ' k ' n 'y«. puttlnrr* under ey<«F. twltrhlng of T
I ' J?Sf/?2z£&!>> ll<3b iriK - 4): T* rU * 0 - dUr y ePrtlse P rtIs (F 'K- 5); cold ex- £
* I /</^E^*rt. tromlti-s <n«r. 6); pain in back (Flf. 7). Otl^r Kyrap- X
\ \ "*f, '//fflfttfiWL tomß of <5»nt»»" •«* clouded memory, morbid fears. J.
1 '*l^/'-t'f/?J&W$Xv\ disturbed sleep, horrid dreams, tendency to faint. -•
ri*&;'''\y&\t'%'hvi HUDTAN averts the danarr. becaus-e ITUDTAN V
/? -WIW I >* ; /v\*W^ kj't, - cures all Nervous Troubles. •;•
\Jsk V?i l ?//> T 't "'^ixU^&sr' HUDYAN cures every symptom enumerated above. T
M\%Wm'J\'f>--\'t}W HUDYAN banishes the blues, restores lively spirits. V
\ « ' : .'''l'v!"^ makes one look and feel young. It does this because **
C^ W*is»a^ \f"*i *W^- v rlv ** tcm ' to * xf ' r * n * rv «' ln th * tx^y- HUDYAN T
W^--\ allays pain and nervous excitability. HUDYAN ln- X
/ 'Vivrt*'* *Igorates and strenrthens the whole syetem. .|-
<eS7»'l'-''^| \,^>" After tsktni; HUDYAN appetite returns, sleep be- •{•
•J <<J£«i».- '-*¦»• comes sound and restful, nervousness disappears, color 4*
X returns to the cheeks, and renewed vitality pervades Jj
the whole system. • JL
MVX AfiTi WOMFN A * k y° ur druceist for HUDYAN— 6Oc a package. 'J.
" ILI> Al * U WM.-ncn. packa g«| tor J2 EO. If he does not keep it send 4.
HUDYAN 50c. direct to -
HUDYAN REMEDY CO., |
Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Streets, San Francisco, Cal. *•
"t — --„_.,,_ __«,— tConsult Free the Huclynn Ooc- ¦*'.
I COnSULT F/tEB. I t<yrm Cal , Qf . Wr|^ t? T h« m . I
I-l-H"l'-M"M"l'4-l-H"I"M II I I I I M-H-I-H-i-H-H-Ml! I I I I MI-M-H-t
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The friends ,of ; the Old Government
Whisky are never drunkards. *
DR M A Mpl AllfiHUN "VSSJiSsiKs" 7 '
NEVER SOLD UN 'DRUG STORES. Office Hourt-9 f\. m. to & F*.fn..t Sunday. 1O M.jvi. to 1 F».WI.
IT CURES WITHOUT BURNING.
I have invented a special cushion elee'rode which prevents the horrible burning which is the strongest feature of
the old-style belts. This electrode is my own invention, and though others may try to imitate it, they cannot produce
the gentle, glowing warmth which is infused into the weak parts'from my Belt The Dr. McLaugh'in Company is
established all over the United States for the sale of my Belts. M/ Belt is sold at half price to any one returning
the old style burning kind. Call and consult me free, or send for my beautifu! 80-p3ge book, with' prices, free.
Thousands of young, middle-aged and old
men are suffering from want of strength and vigor
induced by a variety of causes, such as fast living,
dissipation, overwork, mental anxiety, brain fag, eta,
who might quickly regain full possession of mental
and physical powers by using
Dr. McLaughlin's
Electric Belt.
It has special appliances for weak men. Won-
derful cures are reported daily, and grateful friends
send the most, interesting accounts of how, under
this splendid system of self-treatment, their eyes be-
gan to sparkle, their blood began to bound through
their veins and their, muscular and nervous systems
to regain all the elasticity and fire of early youth.
APPEAL TO WEAK fIEN
(Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt Does Not Burn.)
things even up, commencing with silver
coin, but of late has been doing a good
business in gold coin. He has been un
der suspicion for six months, but was too
clever for the officers who were watching
him. Last night he passed a five-dollar
gold piece in a saloon. ,On looking up tho
cash at the close of business it was found
to be bogus, and the owner remembered
taking it from McHaney. This was at
about 3 o'clock this morning and. suppos
ing it a mistake on the part of McHaney,
the saloon keeper started for his room to
exchange it. On the way he mentioned
the 1 fact to Olticer. Clews, who accom
panied him, and at once placed McHaney
under arrest. On searching his clothes
the policeman found more of the queer
money and landed the swell mining man
in jail.
McHaney took his arrest coolly and re
fused to speak when Questioned. Since
his arrest other fives of the same mint
have been found where McHaney passed
them.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
JAMES M'HANEY CHARGED
WITH COUNTERFEITING
Owner of the Diamond Queen Mine,
Which Was Once Very
Valuable.
f I>ecial Dispatch t? The Call.
SAN BEBNABDCCO. March 10.— At an
early hour this morning James McHaney,
the famous owner of the Desert Queen
mine, that at one time promised to rival
the Comstock in richness, but has since
petered out. was arrested for passing
spurious roin. While in possession of the
mine McHaney spent money like a verit
able Coal Oil Johnny, and was known as
the t<Ti<ll"st mim-r in the diggings. When
the mine pave out. it is charged that Mc
liamy took to counterfeiting to make
CHRISTIAN JOURNALISM.
Rev. Mr. Sheldon to Enter the Sane-
turn x'o-Morrow.
TOPEKA, Kans., Marqh 10.— The Rev.
Charles M: Sheldon, who takes editorial
and business control of the Daily Capital
on Monday, spent a half hour in the office
of the paper this forenoon and then went
home to finish his Sunday sermon. He
Eersistently declines to be interviewed,
ut has extended an invitation to the re
porters to attend his service at 11 a. m.
to-morrow, which they have promised to
do. A great deal of gossip is indulged in
regarding Mr. Sheldon's policy, but up to
this time nothing is known. Many of his
close friends say he will follow the idea
outlined in his famous novel, "In His
Th"c' circulation of the Capital for the
week is now very close to a quarter of a
million, exclusive of news agency orders,
and subscriptions are still coming in at
an increasing rate.
REWARD FOR GALLANTRY.
Captain McCalla of the Navy to Be
Restored to His Former Place.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— The Secre
tary of the Navy has recommended to
the President that he exercise executive
clemency in the case of Captain Bowman
McCalla, who was reduced several num
bers on the navy list some years ago by
sentence of court-martial, and thus re
store him to the place he originally occu
pied. This action has been taken In view
of Captain McCalla's gallant and meri
torious services during tho Spanish war
and because of the written statement of
all his classmates, who will be affected
by his restoration, that they would be
glad to see him restored. The offense for
which Captain McCalla was reduced Was
committed by him about eight years ago,
when in command of the Enterprise. He
struck a mutinous sailor with the flat of
his sword.
MRS. WILCOX DIES.
No Trace Has Yet Been Found of Her
Husband.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEALDSBURG, March 10.— Mrs. Ida
Wilcox died this afternoon at 4 o'clock.'
This morning she showed signs of return
ing strength, and at noon Dr. Browne had
the strongest hope of her recovery than
at any time since the assault was com
mitted by her infuriated husband. Dur
ing the afternoon, however, her strength
failed, her and she died surrounded by
her grief-stricken brothers and sisters.
Wilcox has been traced to the banks of
the Russian River, but whether he com
mitted suicide in the swollen stream or
went in that direction as a cunning blind
is unknown.
Died in the Street.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED. March 10.— C. B. Herron was
found dead in this city last evening. H«
left, his residence at 1 p. in. to attend to
some stock which was but a short dis
tance away from his home, and while
walking. dropped 'dead. As the body lay
In a part of the city that few people pass,
it was not discovered until late In the
evening. The deecaaed came, to California
in the early days, and for a number of
years followed farming in this county.
He was 70 years of age and a native of
Ohio. He leaves a family of grown chil
dren. H. H. Herren; Postmaster at Snell
lng, and Mrs. W. R. Prather. wife of Dr.
Prather, proprietor of the Adams Springs
Hotel, are children of the deceased.
Nominations at Sausalito.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, March 10.— The following
are, the candidates so; far announced for
the forthcoming town election to be held
here in April: For Trustees, General J.
H. Dickinson, Dr. H. J. Crumpton, C. H.
Becker, John .S. Nunes, : J. T. Harness;
for -¦' Marshal, ¦ J. A.- Hannon .(in
cumbent); for Clerk, F. D. Lindley: for
treasurer, A. Laurence and Joseph V.
Silva;- ¦ , .¦; ¦ ¦ . v.--yr •,", ' ;::
Romero Arraigned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. March 10.— Thomas Ro
mero, the youthful burglar who recently
caused so much trouble to the local'au
thorities by breaking jail and eluding're
capture for some time,' was taken before
Justice -T.-G. Lambert of- this city, and by,
him has been bound over, to appear before
the Superior Court of Monterey. ; He was
at once taken to the county jail at Salinas
to await his trial, v •'/••-¦
LONG TRAMP OF A
FAMILY OF THREE
Philip Miller, With His Wife and
Baby, Traveling From Pennsyl
vania to Missouri.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Nebr., March 10.— This morn
ing a man who resembles the original Da
vid Harum, with wife and babe, the lat
ter in a dilapidated buggy, left the police
station and started on their tramp to
Missouri. The sergeant gave them shelter
last night.
In response to questions it was found
that the family had been on the road to
Missouri for two months, three weeks and
five days exact'.y. Not being well in
formed on the geography of the great
\V*-st, tho little party had traveled by way
of Chicago and Missouri Valley. Yester
day twenty miles of road were covered.
The 11-months-old baby had been trans
ported in the buggy and the parents nad
walked every step of the way. Wnen
they left their former home in Strasburg,
among the mountains of Monroe County,
In Eastern Pennsylvania, the family ex
chequer contained $1 80. At night the fam
ily would enjoy the hospitality of some
kind-hearted farmer, so that they never
slept out once and were never in a police
station until Omaha was reached.
The man gave the name of Philip Mil
ler and h!s wife answers to plain "Jane."
The baby glories In the cognomen of
"Edith Narclesy," but "you can put it
Edith N. for short," said the fond mother.
Miller and wife seemed to be in the best
of health and in reasonably good trim to
make the rest of their Journey.
RED ASH MINE VICTIMS.
Thirty-Seven Bodies Have - Been
Taken From the Colliery.
CHARLESTON. W. Va., March 10.— Six
more bodies were recovered from the Red
Ash mine to-day. The total number of
dead so far is thirty-seven. All the bodies
recovered to-day were burned beyond rec
ognition. It is thought others are still in
the mine.
ITALIAN RECIPROCITY.
ROME, March 10.— In the Chamber of
Deputies to-day the Minister of Foreign
Affairs, the Marquis Vlsconti Venosta. in
troduced a bill embodying the commercial
agreement with the United States.
CLAIM TO HAVE STRONG
EVIDENCE AGAINST LEE
Union Pacific Officials Say He Is the
Man Who Held Up a Train
at Wilcox.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Nebr., March 10.— High offi
cials of the Union Pacific Railway are In
possession of evidence making certain the
conviction : of Bob Lee, alias Bob Curry,
on the charge of train robbery. Le« has
been indicted by the Wyoming Grand
Jury for. interference with the United
States mails, and his preliminary hearing
will be held in Cheyenne on Monday. The
specific charge is that he was a member
of the gang of robbers which held up the'
Union Pacific train at Wilcox, Wyo., on
June 2, 1599. If the courts determine that
Lee is guilty of complicity in the Wilcox
robbery action will subsequently be
brought charging him with being a party
to the murder of Sheriff Joe Hazen of
Douglas, Converse County. Wyo., which
was committed by the train robbers north
of Casper, Wyo., while they were making
their esscape from a posse.
Lee's conviction will be tho disposition
of' the second of the notorious Curry band
which held up the Union Pacific train and
had for years been committing depreda
tions and terrorizing settlers in the West.
The first of the gang to be disposed of
was Louis Logan, alias Lony Curry, who
was killed while resisting arrest at his
home near Kansas City a short time ago.
There is no question that Lee, the bandit
known as Bob Curry, Is the same man
who went under the Curry alias in Mon
tana, where he was a partner of Louis
Logan, alias Lony Curry, the two mas
querading under the name of the Curry
brothers.
May Return to School.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. SAN JOSE, March 10.— Judge Hyland
this afternoon handed down a writ of
mandate ordering the principal of the
Willow Glen school to reinstate Abbie Mo
Kee, the girl who was recently suspended
for throwing stones, and the principal re
fused to reinstate her unless her parents
apologized and gave a guarantee that the
offense would not be repeated. The Judg«
decided that the child had done nothing
to warrant suspension. It is said that poli
tics is at the bottom of the affair
NOBLE RED MAN IS
FAST DISAPPEARING
Entire Indian Population of tha
United States I<es3 Than Three
Hundred Thousand.
WASHINGTON. March 10.— Tho annual
reports of Indian agents which have been
received by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs will be printed In the form of an
appendix to tha report of the Commis
sioner. They show that the entire Indian
population i.i 397,905. of which number
1-5,K5 wore citizens' dress, while 31,923 wear
a mixture of Indian and civilized cloth
ing Those who can read number 42X37.
and 53,314 can carry on an ordinary con
versation In English. There are 25,236
dwelling houses built for Indians. 1153 of
which were built within the last year. Tha
number of births was 4217 and the deaths
52G3.
Twenty-six Indians were killed by
whites and seven whites by Indians. One
Indian was killed by other Indians. The
number of Indian criminals punished waa
1-160. There were 31.55> Indian church
members and 343 church buildings upon
the various reservations. The amount of
money contributed during the last year
by religious and other societies waa: For
education, $2C1,515; for general church
work. $119,407. and V 16.016 from New York
for the support of the school established
by that State.
Will Entertain Editors.
LOS ANGELES. March 10.— One hundred
members of the National Editorial Asso
ciation are on their way to the coast from
New Orleans, where a convention of the
association has been held. The partjr will
arrive at Riverside to-morrow morning.
They will be entertained there and will
arrive here at noon. The Chamber of
Commerce and other organizations are
preparing an entertainment for the party
here.
Drowned Himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CORNING. March 10.— The body of
George Brockway -was found in the Sac
ramento River yesterday. His coat was
found on the bank. Brockway left a note
at - his boarding-house in Corning two
weeks ago saying he was going to drown
himself and his whereabouts was un
known until the body was found.
FUNERAL RITES OVER
MLLE. HENRIOT'S BODY
Almost Every Member of the Pari
sian Theatrical World in At
tendance.
PARIS, March 10.— Almost every mem
ber of the theatrical world attended the
funeral this afternoon of Mile. Henrlot,
the actress of the Comedle Francais, who
lost her life on Thursday during the de
struction by fire of the Theater Francais.
The service was held in the Church of St.
Ilonore d'Eylau. near the Henriot resi»
dence. The members of the Comedie
Francais were present and magnificent
wreaths were sent by every theater. The
cortege then formed and proceeded on
foot to the Montmartie Cemetery. An
enormous crowd gathered along the
route.
M. Jules Clarettie. director of the
Theater Francais, delivered a funeral
oration over the grave, concluding with
a touching farewell. Mile. Henrlot's
weeping comrades afterward sprinkled
holy water on the eollin and the proces
sion dispersed.
DANGEROUS JOKE.
Caused a Severe Nervous Shock to
John Riley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NICASIO, March 10.— As the result of a
practical joke John Riley, a blacksmith
of this place, Thursday received a nerv
ous shock which may have serious results.
A week ago Augusto Palestanyo, a
wealthy butter-maker, disappeared from
the Redding ranch, near here, and ever
since the whole neighborhood has been
searching high and low for hLs body, the
common Delief being he had met a violent
death. A dead calf was obtained and
dressed in a man's clothes was hung from
a tree in a wooded spot on a hill near
the town. The body of the animal at
tracted numerous buzzards to the place.
These caught Riley's attention and he
started to investigate, followed by a dele
gation of the jokers. When he reached
the spot and saw what was apparently
Palestanyo's body suspended from a
branch, Riley stood horrorstruck and was
unable to move from the spot. After
about ten minutes one of the jokers tried
to arouse him from the trance into which
he seemed to have fallen, but to no avail.
Finally he was led home by the men
who had assembled to enjoy the joke un
able to relax the muscles of his face from
their terrified stare. To-day Riley has al
most recovered from the shock and
swears vengeance on his tormentors when
he shall lay hands on them.
HANNAHS' CASE IN COURT.
Test Suit to Compel Property Owners
to Pay an Assessment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, March 10.— In Justice Mur
dock's court this week has been tried a
case which will probably reach the Su
preme Court before it is finished, for it
is brought to definitely decide a question
of law In which there are many people in
this State interested. The suit is entitled
the Committee of Chula Vista Property
Owners against George Hannahs, and by
it it is sought to enforce the collection of
an assessment on the lands of the defend
ant.
Several years ago the San Diego Land
and Town Company, which supplies water
to Chula Vista, raised the rates and the
property owners decided to fight the case
in court. They met and appointed a com
mittee to raise the sinews and fight the
case. The orange and lemon growers
agreed to stand an assessment on their
property to raise the necessary funds,
when the assessment was made some
paid and some did not, and it is to enforce
the payment that the suit is brought to
collect the $25 due from Mr. Hannahs. A
decision is not expected In the case until
next Week. . ¦ •
GUARDSMEN GRATEFUL.
Colonel Bangham Destroys All
Worthless Property.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, March 10.— The armorers
and quartermaster sergeants of this State
will extend a profound vote of thanks -to
Colonel N. S. Bangham, assistant adjutant
general of the State, for at last having
made an inspection of the property of the
National Guard, which, meant somethisij?
more than a junketing trip through the
counties of the State for the inspection of
ficers. This year a bonfire has followed
every Inspection, and the property which
was condemned as absolutely worthless
has been dropped off the property rolls
snd into the nre. Quartermasters will no
longer have to take care of the worn out
truck, and armorers will not have to find
space for it: neither will company, com
manders have to keep on making out the
lists, of property in their possession and
appending to them the recommendation:
"This property is not used and never will
be. 1 recommend that it be destroyed."
» 1
Warships Returning.
LOS ANGKLES, March 10.— Admiral
Kautz will arrive on the lowa, j his . flag
ship, at San Pedro on Sunday. The : ad
miral, - with .his family and . twelve ¦• staff
oillcers, will be entertained at the Cham
ber of Commerce at. luncheon, and .will
then ascend Mount Lowe : and - return ;to
the city on Monday. The -warships lowa
and Marblehead .will leave here for San
Francisco on Monday at 4 o'clock.
The school boy's leader
A value in school suits no mother can afford
to pass —
One double breasted suit, knee pants,regular price
$2.85. Doable stitched — very heavy
tough as leather. Mixtures* — checks, tans,
browns, blues. Pants, double knee and
double seat. "Kant rip em" seams —
Ages Bto 1 6 years. One extra pair of knee
pants — regular price 50 cents. Same as
above — double seats and knees. One
Mother's Friend Shirt Waist — striped Percales
— neat as can be — sailor collar — prettily
made — everyone new — regular value 50
cents. To introduce the department the
entire outfit, value $3.85, suit,
extra pants and waist complete for v^^/OC/
On sale all week. Mail orders mutt be received
before Saturday night
I NEW BLACK DRESS GOODS j
% ON SPECIAL SALE, !
8 COMMENCING MONDAY, MARCH 12. |
" GUEATEn money* worth than any heretofore mentioned. --.-trart*A for Z
O A tremendous rurchaw of choicest Black Crepons. Cheviots and Pcr K es. "^"^^ <
S on a murh lwr basis than it is now po F «jble to secure them, toes on sale M£ na ay
X Pi"rr.irc at a treat ravlr.g. These poods are the production of the most c«ebratea «
2 EwtMsh manufacturer, an.l for beauty of texture and richness of designs ?£ d '""^i^* •
O nevr be-n Furpassed. Corn" and see them and Ju.ljte of their intrinsic worth for >ourseu. |
O The CoUowlac few items at the extraordinarily low prices suggest the rest on saie.
S Black English Cheilot is^S^aKoiS Nerplas S»^s^S «
J 88 Cents a Yard. a Suit. s»Sgrf2?«| <
2 beea Fjxmced and shrunk: that fact ban- lent quality. On saJe at $y.OO a suit. t.
2 Whpf a!! apprehensions. Good value at 11.25. ¦ J
© On Mtle at S»»o a yard. o!ltr Prnnnne Silk and Wool Crejions f
g Back Storm Serge £5? fflS-SSS'SSKt B*^ESsSe i
| 50 Cents a Yard. B^^Lrsd^^^^^^^B «
•to cive perfect Fatisfactlon come back and [twelve different Ft >'»** *° ° a V STo 5O a 5
O r-t the Better rai<l or new poods. Good'Ular value flo.oo. On sale at ?iv.ou a |
O value at 75c. On sale at s<>e a yard. I Suit. £
111 1 ....AHOTHER GREAT SILK FUROR MONDAY.,.. | I
S Crepe cfe Chines ?^ a r^r^i Black Tjff eta Silk J^^£s I
o 38 Gents a Yard. KfiSFSSffIBB Cents a Yard. 82?J^K& J
S b S^^^V^KiS^2« lustrous - Fcr i
O OMtn and BUck; the «LS quality. Special . , T ,u a i, The 73c quality for 3Se C
oat ttsc a yari. { AnOinßl I uUCId n ya rd. Early customers
S New Wa*h Silks. «gsSSasa3S Sensatlco. 7^A&]^ f
g BEAUTIFUL FOULARD FASHIONS. J
© Tht bri'Uant effect of our New Bilk Foulards, the harmenious colorings, the rich and |
2 of Now Foulards, ln the most favorite designs and colorings; a heavy twilled «^Q C
© tV.k. :« inches wide. s?j>eclaJ at lara vv 6
o HOUSEFURNISHINC COODS. j
ft Coottanatiaa of OCX SPECIAL LINEN SALE which was started last Monday. A i
3? rare. Rood chance for the economical housekeeper. ti
2 r* l ~ v*nn— namask Toweling:: IS inches,Or» EACH— Pillow Cases, hemmed, 4ExS6; C
% 6]C iMerf-oftT&h: *«fi heW quaJ-jyC a good quality; resrular value 12Hc. «
• '.!>: recular value K>c. jj- EACH— Pillow Cases, hemstitched, •
" Cl "' T (OZEX- Linen Huck Towels; 15x lOC 45x36; a superior quality Muslin; 5
© O 1 2S; a good wearing Towel; regular regular value 20c. f
I |li?lti§i^ifi! ess SKsys iflil" !
St AQ^ YAKiV-fileached Table Damask.) C 1 .85 EACH-English Marseilles Quilts; ti
O -tot -c «r. c h es wide in choice designs; O» extra heavy and larce; In pretty g
© rrpular vaiuf- 75c. " j designs; regular value $2.50. (j
O QQ/- TAnD— All Linen 72-lnch D«m-j <t. | .05 DOZEN— AII-Linen Napkins; Irish £
Q UOC afk; extra fine quality; beautiful ' JJ) | manufacture; ln choice patterns g
0 designs; regular value $1.55. j an( j f u u B i le; regular value J2.2S a dozen. g
§ VYasi F'brics. JgffWttSt'w percales $JSS£ a £F a & % !
8 a Yard, gg £ e fe^ |
g J
© irieh niniiloc Imported Dimities; the; terns; each riece contains from 10 to li q
f% irSStl UlinilieS ;oc grade: a nice, sheer, yards, which we will offer for Monday, also »
fit li Pontc a Yarfl quality: la choice floral Tuesday If quantity lasts, at ,c a yard; <E
g II I/CIHS i lalU. and Persian designs. On regular value 12VsC Q
g *I*cial sale at lie a yard. U.rnarliail Cmi sHe >>* choice Cotton «
« WhU 0 Difma A P-od nualltv Pique. McrCenZeU K)t] a^S. Foulards: look like fl
© Vflliie PIDUe the 30c crade. so much the imported Silk Foulards: fast colors. «
© 10 Ponfe a YarH used for Children's' ideal goods for summer dresses Oj |r» «
(J 13 bCIIIS d lalU. Dresses. Waists and Special at *ard -^V/W «
5 Sk;m ' 'M»w Prrhrrir'orip? A pr an<l gathering of 6
O 1 CnnnNl (War in A Tea Gown Is no TlCn LlllUl 1 1 - C l l £. o • exquisite designs ln g
A A apSClil UllCl li! lcmp?r a luxury. ' Hamburg Swiss and Nalns.x-k Embroider- fi
©IS'ICQ' TP3 RpWHS rarticulariy when It les^ For Mondays special selling we shall «
Lfl IS ICfl 'JLHIIS. ran be purchased 1 cfrer 15 , w yards embroideries, new effects, «
° far b»l-w Hie coFt of the material. Mon- 4to 6 lnc hes wide at |t>lf» €
0 day we urgent remarkable values ln the Yard I ¦*£•?** m
1 SSSaroSS? "ke^d 1 sle'eves'efabor- Most of them are worth 20c a yard. fl
2 Rtriv "trimmed with lace and braid. A L, c ... ur . . A erari A cnv Waist op-
© manufactu^r closed out ".aamptol to «: ; NeW SllK WaiStS Look where «
O that s why our price Is *4-J»5 Instead of.j. Qt - - . cannot fl
JT.SO and J>>.so. JJ.3D LQUII. ft n(l another such Waist 2
G U'lonAiß-nap I 2POC »«» showing a for such a price; made of the best fcocTaf- «
S VaIBnSIBiIIIBS LaCeS i arK c and very ex- i f eta. ln new corded effects front, back and «
S tensive line in the prettiest and choicest sleeves, in all the fashionable shades to be g
© V^-n- <n EdF'"ir" and insertions; priced to worn this season, as White. Pink. Plue. m
© l'^t ir.e lUc 24c. «3c. sOc and 75c Old Rose. Cardinal. Violet and Black. Youi «
C a d Sa ' 'choice. £5.05; regular value $8.10. t
The way we run Ine
Red Front clothing store
Through the medium of these columns we
will regularly call attention to our store, its
stock and store news — Special saler will
be conducted from time to time and the
announcements will always be of particular
interest to mothers of boys and to appreci-
ators of good clothing values.
Alterations, just completed, have added beauty and buying com-
fort to our store. Our children's clothing parlors are
prettily arranged, full of comfort, light and convenience.
We hope to receive the support of nearly all wantcrs of
child'» clothing.
Our store is a home store, a mother's store and a store for
children. Your little folks can trade here as safely as you
can.
We intend that things shall be just as we represent them, that
promises shall be kept. If it isn't so we ask you to help
us by fair minded fault finding.
Every sale must be a satisfactory one. Will bay back anything
we sell at the price we sold it if it isn't as represented.
Mail orders receive careful attention. A corps of trained mail
order selectors will represent you here and buy the best
the store affords.
We are the only complete Cape Nome clothing outfitters in San
Francisco.
The Red Front
Clothiers and Furnishers
857 - 859 Market Opposite Powell
The ßed Front
A. J. Pragcr and Sons
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHANCES OF
CANAL TREATY
VERY SLIGHT
General Impression Is That
the Amendment Will
Kill the Bill.
No Official Expression of Opinion Has
Seen Made in London, but There
Is a Strong Undercurrent
of Opposition.
«
LONDON, March 10.— No action ' has
been taken by the Government regarding
the change which has come over the Nic
aragua convention, as reported through
the lengthy cable dispatches, dealing with
the action of the Foreign Relations Com
mittee. The United States Government
apparently has made no representations
to Lord Salisbury since the convention
was signed and the affair seems unlikely
to be officially discussed until the final
Congressional action puts it in such shape
that it becomes a matter for diplomatic
consideration. Pending this, ofliclal opin
ion is reserved, and it is impossible to say
what action Great Britain is likely to
take regarding the Senate's amendment
to the treaty.
The Pall Mall Gazette comments on the
new situation as follows:
"The Foreign Relations Committee has
certainly gone far to wreck the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty, if only for this reason,
that powers other than the two most di
rectly concerned might refuse to acquiesce
in the modification, even if the British.
Government accepted It. A fresh start, it
may be, will have to be made after the
Presidential election."
WASHINGTON. March 10. — Lord
Pauncefote. the British Embas.sador, was
in conference with Secretary Hay for half
an hour at the State Department to-day.
The officials have nothing to say touching
the future of the pending Hay-Paunce
fote treaty. It Is plain, however, that the
action of the Senate committee in bring
ing in the amendment yesterday is re
garded by the officials as greatly endan
gering the life of the treaty. If the Sen
ate first adopts this amendment and then
ratiiles the treaty, a conclusion by no
moans certain in the official mind, it is
taid that the President will be obliged
to sign it, placing the responsibility upon
the Senate, and then leaving it to the
British Government to accept or reject.
The officiate believe that the British will
reject the treaty,' and in that case the
Ciayton-Bulwer treaty will prevail again.
Its force having been recognized. accord-
Ing to the officials, not only by the execu
tive branch of our Government in prepar
ing this pending treaty, but also by the
Senate of the United States, as evidenced
by the repart which accompanied the
treaty yesterday when it was presented
to the Senate.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, SUISPAY, MARCH 11, 1900.
WHEELER WILL
TAKE HIS SEAT
IN THE HOUSE
His Resignation Was Sent
Before the Convening
of. Congress.
• —
Friends of the Alabaman Cannot Un
derstand Why It Has Been
Suppressed at Wash-
.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON .HOTEL, WASHINGTON. March 10.
—Brigadier General Joseph Wheeler, as
the result of developments to-day, may
be allowed to take his seat in the House
as a Representative from Alabama,
Though the War Department has persist
ently denied that General Wheeler has re
signed. Adjutant General Corbin finally
admitted to-day that his resignation had
been received, having been referred to
him from the White House. This is the
text of the letter of resignation:
PANIQUI, Island of Luzon, Philippines,
November 26, 1599.
To the President, Executive Mansion. Wash
ington—Sir: The insurgent government is vir
tually destroyed. Afrulnaldo is a fugitive In
the northern provinces: his Cabinet and Con
gress are scattered. The President of the
Filipino Congress is here, and from what he
says I think it will be impossible for thi« Con
gress to ever reconvene. The various com
mands of the Insurgents' generals are reduced
to mere skeletons and fly before us so fast that
it is almost impossible to get within gun
range.
I therefore respectfully tender my resigna
tion as an officer In the volunteer forces of the
United States. Very respectfully,
JOSEPH WHEELER.
Brigadier, U. S. V.
Action upon General Wheeler's resigna
tion has not yet been taken by the de
partment. General Wheeler is under or
ders to come to Washington and submit
a report upon an inspection he made of
the island of Guam under orders given
him by the President before his depar
ture for Manila. Immediately upon his
arrival here his resignation will be ac
cepted.
President's Course Inexplicable.
Why the letter of resignation should
have been held at the White House for
such a long time after its receipt is a
matter of much comment among officers
acquainted with the Alabama fighter.
The news of General Wheeler's resigna
tion created some surprise in Congres
sional circles. The fact that it is dated
November 28 shows that it was the inten
tion of the Alabaman to resign his army
commission in order that he might take
his seat in the House. General Wheeler
has not been recognized, however, as a
member of the House. The place on the
Ways and Means Committee held vacant
for him was recently filled and the
Speaker has provided no committee as
signment for him. Upon his arrival here.
General Wheeler is expected to present
himself at the bar of the House, and, In
view of his evident intention to have re
signed his commission before Congress
convened, the House probably will per
mit him to take the oath. Representative
Bailey, in discussing General Wheeler's
case, said to-day:
"If General Wheeler resigned his com
mission before Congress met. or If it is
shown that his case is similar to- the
Schenck case, decided in the House dur
ing the Thirty-eighth Congress, I don't
think there will be any opposition to his
being seated."
n;|p||pi
Vt^Jor 1 1 ti JVi f* IJk 1 1 1 ¦H I IN
Vital Weakness and Backache.
LINDEN. Cal.. Feb. 18. I*lo.
DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: I am glad to
state that your Belt treatment Is all that you claim it to
be. I have no more of that misery ln the region of the
kidneys, the weakness and numbness have gone, and I
am wonderfully better every way. My mother and sister
also have derived great benefit from using the Belt, and
I recommend it to all BUfferers. Yours truly.
¦ T. F. PRATHER.
16gm^m electric
iSIfC .BELT.
sO^= THIS BEKT IS TTAR-
ff<> rar.twl to Iw t»-* latest Im-
proved, most powerful and in
-11 rented* the be« now manufactured in any
r,q,rf of the world. Its equal diw not exint. The
rLivfliometer fhoir? its electric current to b»
?o, hfe t"f.» of an*' "«»»er. K8"1*K 8 " 1 * reflated.
Durably inFUlated. I>at.-st improved attach-
rM^rt«T «'i«Tial conductors and electrodes.
noOble •wire suspensory, mr men. It will cure
mv d'fwuse on «-arth thst it Ik possible to cure
i-.tfn <.|ertricltv and it cures when others fall.
Hv- no bolt tillV'U we ¦ > I>r. Pl*-rpe>."
•Hooklet No 2," free at office or sent by mail
for a 2-cent etamii. tells all about it. Addrers
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street,
«Opp. P«la<* HotM) FAN FRANCISCO.
£«*urn OtQce— New York at/.
FREUNDT CONFESSES.
Tells the Story of the Murder of
August Zaspel.
Special Dlfipatch to The Call.
SPOKAXB, Wash., March 10.— In his
coll in the county Jail to-day William
Freundt told with sickening details the
story of how he murdered August Zaspel
November 24 last; how he covered the
body of his victim with brush, went home
and later returned to drag the corpse half
a mile over rocks and through the woods
to the lonely spot where he buried it be
neath a heap of stones. Here it was
found several days later.
The confession was made in the pres
ence of the murderer's wife, the Sheriff
and prosecuting attorney and a newspa
per man. Freundt is a German and
speaks English indifferently. He betrayed
little feeling in making his recital. The
officers are frank to admit that -but for
the confession Freundt might have es
caped punishment, as the testimony
against him was entirely circumstantial
and meager. ZaFpel, his wife and three
children were neighbors to the Freundt
family of father, mother and one child.
The families quarreled.
A few days before the tragedy Freundt
lost $150 he had hidden In an outbuilding
and he suspected Zaspel of taking it. He
waylaid Zaspel and shot him through the
heart. When the body was found the
flesh from the back, shoulders and head
of the victim was frightfully torn, evi
dences of the manner which it had been
dragged there. Freundt is a butcher.
Until to-day he has stoutly maintained
his Innocence.
RICH COPPER ORB POUND.
A. J. Clark Discovers a Valuable
Ledge in Siskiyou.
Special Dispatch to The C«U.
ETXA, March 10.— A. J. Clark of Etna
has Just returned from the Salmon River
country and brings back with him sam
ples of copper ore going 25 per cent in
copper. Discoveries, show the ledge to be
about twenty-five feet between the walls.
The adjacent country is well wooded
and watered and not far from the county
road. An expert from the United Verde
mine of Arizona pronounces the ore equal
to that of the Arizona mine. Assays of
the top rock show 7 per cent, and its
richness increases as it. goes down. This
is one of the best discoveries yet made
in Siskiyou County.
NEGROES AVENGE CRIME.
Kill One of Their Own Race Who At-
tacked a Girl.
HERNANDO, Mis?., March 10.— Thomas
Clayton, a negro, was shot to death by
members of his own race because of a
criminal assault on a 10-y^ar-old girl. The
negrors refuse to bury the corpse.
Children's Shoes.
Shoes that look well, feel well and
wear well. Prices that mothers will ap-
prove of.
Infanta' — ' ¦^
Kidßut- V^W^L
lace or
button Shoes—
Sites 8i to 11 ~ $1
Sizes 11^ to 2 $1.25
Children's Chocolate Color Kid Lace
Shoes —
Sizes 8J to 11 $1.22
Sizes lljjt to 2 $1.4 0
Children's Vici Kid Lace and Button
Shoes —
- Sizes Si to 11 $1*23
Sizes Hi to 2 $1.38
Misses' Vici Kid Lace Shoes, fancy vest-
ing tops, sizes 11 J to 2, reduced from
$2.00 to.. $1.65
Boys' Black Vici Kid Lace Shoes, sizes 2£
tooi $1.65
Little Gents' Kangaroo Calf Lace Shoes.
sizes 9 to 13* $1.30
Fir it Floor — CV«r Entrancs. ¦ ~ : ;\ ': \
ounts for nothing now. Remainder of
spring goods are arriving.
Lot 3 — A lot of our own fine Silk Petti-
coats, Silk Moreens and Nearsilk Sa-
teens in solid colors, all are beauti-
fully made and finished, were $5, $6
and $7.50/ our final sale urke.s3m2s
Lot 4— A lot of AU-WooltFrench Flannel
Wrappers and Eiderdown Robes, slightly
soiled, were *6, $6 and $7.50, our
sale price $2.45
f^£f a j Mews of Spring Merchandise
of Dress Goods, Clothing and Cloak men's Neckwear
Sales of this week's best money- Among *'J£f;^ t ,, a .
m m cently made
MM .^tffl^ i ' I-. w B
saving vnancGSa J™\™£ 11153P
Never before have we had such handsome dresses and so many of them from $20 to $35. Ten Dol- *.. r ce e c »Z^^^^^
lar ones are here also, and many more that are $50 to $75 each. But the $20 to $30 Dresses are the ones jj en . a Faah . v**,^^^^^^^
that we feel so proud of. In these medium-priced garments you will find all of the new ideas — in cloths, ionab l c J *^v;^^P>-^
styles, shanes and little details — more than 50 new styles to choose from. Also new Jackets, new Silk Neckwear— f^fflvF^r
and Wash Waists, new Capes and new Skirts. FourVin- ' ISxt^JfC
: ~ ~~~~~ ! ' ' ~~ """ hands and SH^Scb
Extraordinary Special Sale of string Ties /% igjpgr^
• i m ' m m mm* m m *^ mm m*. m^m — some very /«^ g^C *
Plaid Dress Goods and Golf Suitings. '-7^ yKILI
Our entire supert and unrivaled Spring Stock of Plaid Dress Fabrics, Golf and ° t £ p * 8 c k fl 8g:8 g : (B^ k
Reversible Suitings, about 50c the yard, will be placed on special sale for one entire week, me/sid bE-^
We had planned to use a whole section of the Dry Goods Department this season
for 25c, 35c and 50c each— our «n.
special price this week ••#€?
First Floor.
! ¦ Self respect is on good ' terms with the
Old Government Whisky. 'r^^SttmiM
More Smith Premier Typewriters.
L. & M. Alexander, agentr. Smith Pre
mier Typewriter, received order from
Heald's Business College for ten (10) more
Smiths. This makes thirty Smith Pre
miers used by this college. ¦ „ •
r%m ¦ «~ *T> Completely eradicated wlta-
Lf I I §- W out cutting or tjUut. Urn
1 )il_l_*j cur*, no pay. For lnfortna-
T. -~ Z,~~-.rZ. tkin address S. F. = RECTAfc
MasMBHsB INSTITUTE. 1179 Harktt.
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION
OF
TEACHERS.
The regular semi-annual examination of ap-
plicants for teachers' certificates (High School
, Grammar and Primary wades and special cer-
tificates) will commence at the Webster School
building. In the rear ot the Lincoln Grammar
School building. Fifth street, near Market
opposite San Francisco Mint, on MONDAY*
March 12. 1300. at 9 a. m. . *
In compliance with th* State school taw each
applicant roust pay an examination fe« of S3
in advance to W. D. Klngabury. secretary of
the Boardof Examination, office, central corri-
dor, .third floor. City Hall. \
R. H. WEBSTER.
" Sapt. of Common School*.
W. D. KINGSBURY. Secretary.
relief, but even free trade will only partly
remedy the evil, for how can we hope to
sell our products in a country where we
allow the manufacture of very inferior
imitations, which are sold under our name
and as coming from us? There lies the
formidable evil to which a remedy must
apply energetically and without delay."
Mrs. Wilson Wins.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
'BERENDA.'March 10.— John L. "Wilson,
late, engineer of the Yosemita Branch
Railroad In Madera County," has failed •to
secure a divorce from his wife, Sarah E.
Wilson, on the' ground of desertion. \, Mrs.
Wilson" -by ¦ her . "cross-complaint 'proving
willful desertion on: his part 'was granted
an absolute divorce ; and '¦: the care and
custody of * theY four minor; children and
was decreed all " the ; community property.
The parties were married at Oakland in
187<. ¦' '.mV®Bss®B3SBBsffle&SLW£Kß*M
when repairs or alterations were being
made upon the mission church which
stands adjacent to the parochial resi
dence and the rubbish accumulating
gradually covered the quaint old font. It
Is certain that the. font has not been
used for at least ¦ fifty years, for the
house, the foundation of which covered
It, was built forty years ago and no re
pairs or improvements had been made
upon the church; for less than ten years
previous to that time.
Father Mestres, priest of San Carlos
parish, has examined the font very care
fully and all the facts •In parish history
in connection * therewith and he believes
it ¦to be the font « used by the mission
padres, probably Padre Junipero Serra
himself, in giving baptism to the Indian
converts when the mission was first
founded. The relic is certainly very an
cient and I may possibly date back even
further than the founding of the mission
—1770. Father Mestres intends having the»
font placed in the quaint old mission
church at . Carmel, near here, which al
ready contains s.o many interesting relics
of early mission days In California.
ALLEGED FORGING OF
FRENCH TRADEMARKS
Paris Newspaper Urges Vigorous
, Prosecution of Offenders in
This Country.
PARIS, March 10.— The Temps : to-day
publishes an article calling attention to
the alleged fraudulent imitation of for
eign products and the alleged forging of
trademarks, which, is is said, is now be
ing practiced in the United States/ It
urges action ' on the part of > the
French producers ! and i the prosecution of
the offenders, even carrying the proceed
ings,! if necessary, to the Supreme Court.
It says:' .
"Certainly America's high protectionist
tariff greatly hinders :our export trade
and reprisals are out of the question; be
cause we send more to America than they
send us. The reciprocity treaty^ awaiting
ratification will undoubtedly afford some
EXHUMED A RELIC OF
OLD MISSION DAYS
Stone Baptismal . Font Found Under
the Parochial Residence at
Vr Monterey.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, ILarch i 10.— The workmen
engaged in making repairs on - the paro
chial residence : belonging ¦; to "San Carlos
parish ,; in " this city ; have ' Just "discovered
a* relic of great ; interest ; and value t es
pecially to residents of Monterey County.
While making*: some excavations: for, a
new- foundation ;: for 'i the :, house ; a • stone
object was ..unearthed that ¦ proved, ll after
being relieved of its accumulation of .dirt;
to be an ancient baptismal . font of very
crude ; pattern, - but In a ? good • state of
preservation; 7 . ' . ¦..¦--.• ¦¦'--'.-:-, ¦*- -";.,?
How "it. came to be buried '. under the
parochial residence is a mysterj-, but It
is supposed it was left among some debris
We are F B^3 ffitffcß^ B 1 I B» Jl Send nam *
Agents for I BjlpL j| M^f Iwß for SsringS $ ring
Ypsiianti P™ Oddenßule ttazaar. m Catalogue,
Underwear. CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST"AJVIERICA f S GRANDEST STORE 'most ready.
TO LEASE!
Elegant private boarding-
house, now being remodeled,
southwest corner Pine and
Leavenworth streets ; r;o sun-
ny rooms, modern appoint-
ments, handsome grounds.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH,
jo Montgomery S reer.
Brown Bros*' Boys' 3 Pleoe
Suits Half-Prloe.
Large number of well made and trimmed
3-piece Suits, coats single or double-
breasted Cheviots and Cassimeres.
¦ Brown ' Bros.' prioe $10.00, great
double sale price. $5.00
Brown Bros.' Children's
6 ults Half-Prloem
Lot I— Boys' Reefer Suits, sizes 3 to 8
years, large sailor collars, all-wool mix-
tures of Cheviots and ; Cassimeres.
Brown Bros.' prioe $5.00, great double
sale price $2.50
Lot 2— All-wool Vestee Suits, sizes 3 to 8
years, Serges or Cassimeres, with deep
sailor collar or the new coat collar,
handsomely trimmed, ' stylish little
suits. Brown Bros.' price $6 50, great
double sale price...... ....... ....^3.25
Brown Eros.' Boys' 2-Pleoo
' Suit* Half -Price,
Let I—Boys'1 — Boys' dark Cassimere Suits, well
made, double-breasted jackets and knee
pants, every seam welt sewed, a wear-
giving suit for boys 8 to 15 years,
Brown Bros.' price $2.75, great double
sale price.... $I*4O
Lot 2— A handsome assortment AH- Wool
2-piece Suits, Cheviots and Canal meres,
well made, lined and trimmed, war-
ranted to give the best of satisfaction,
sizes from 8 to 15 yean, Brown Bros.'
price $5.00, great double sale price.....
$2. SO
Fancy Goods
Department,.
Ladies' Hoso Supporters—
Belt with button fasteners, side tabs
and frilled elastic side, siz?s 24 to 36
inch waist measure, black and c010r5....
...sl*2s, $1, 75c, SOo, 25a
Ladles' Belts— Every new style is
here, including the "Zaza" or "Pulley",
Belts in silk and leather, black and
colors. Dog-Collar Belts, Beaded
Belts, Patent Leather, Morocco and
Shield Belts, prices. j?so to $7*50
Belt Buckles— AH the late novel-
ties, such as medallions, pulley effects,
filigree,' oxydized or gilt and a hundred
styles in cut steel 250 to $5
French Sewing Cotton— soo-
yard 5p001...... : ISO
Dress Shields— The odorless
"Omo "and "Amolin," pair...... 250
Feather (tone— Black and colors
j 100 and silk covered, per yard... lGo
Ball and Socket— The new dress
fastener, a substitute for hooks and
eyes, dozen. 100
(Machine ZN*eedks of all makes —
{Machine Oil.
Groceries
and Liquors.
Prices that help cut down household
expenses. Free deliveries to all parts of
the city and suburban towns. Direct
Grocery Telephone— South 59.
Oranuialed Sugar— the best—
20 lbs $1.0 O
Mew French Pa as - per tin. isc
Good Prunes— s lbs 250
Japan Rice— the best— lb So
Washing Soda— lo lbs tor.JOo
Baking Po wdor — Emporium
Brand— ld 370
Family Flour— Emporium best—
sack 000
Oastiio Soap — Virgin Brand, best
imported — bar 2So
Eastern Oats— the very best— lb
3o
Of earn Flake Wheat— the
best— lb. 3o
'Frisco Lunch Oraokers—
lb — 8o
Cherries in Marischlno-D.
&G.— bottle 700
Jams and Ja Hies— assorted -
glass Wo
OiiVO Oil— California A. & B.- pint
bottles 300
Scotch or Irish Whisky- n-
tra quality — gallon. $imOO
Port Wine— Full quart bottle, extra
quality. 400
Pabst Malt Extract— best
tonic— dozen. ..S2.SO
Ufo ot the Orange— nerve and
blood tonic — bottle —$I*OO
Oalitornla Chamaagno — *
natural wine ; quart bottles, $t.OO f
pints..- ...- SOo
Wilson Puro Rye— bottled at
distillery, none better —bott\e.s J m 25
Burning Alcohol— gallon,
$1.35 ; full quart 4Oc
{Main Floor— Rear.
Balance of Brown Bros. & Co.'s Stock
Men's and Boys' dothing—Half-Pric®,
Once more let us emphasize the good quality of this clothing. Strictly all-wool, well cut, lined, trimmed
and honestly, made, and at just half their real value. This is the last week.
Brown Bros*' Man's Suits trown Brosm' Youths' Suits Brown Bros.' Overcoats
Half-Prioe. Half-Prloem Half -Price.
Lot I— Consists of 5 or 6 different styles
of Cheviot and Cassimeres; they are
well made with French facings and
perfect in fit. Brown Bros.' price
$1300, our price $6*50
Lot 2—ln2 — In this assortment you have the
choice of 15 to 2J different Btyles of
high-grade pure wool Cheviots and
Cassimeres, checks, plaids, stripes and
plain blacks and blues, made and
trimmed in the best possible manner,
Brown Bros.' price $15.00, great double
sale price......... $7m50
Lot 3— Consists of 15 to 20 different
stylos of high-class pure Worsted
Suits, tailored in the best possible
* manner in all the newest and most
stylish patterns, material and work-
manship in these garments equal to
tailor made. Brown Bros.' price $22.50,
great double sale price $11*25
A large, assortment of Youths' $10 00
Suits in all the fashionable styles,
Cheviots, Serges and Casajjneres, Brown
Bros.' price $10.00, great double sale
price $BmOO
Lot I—Men's1 — Men's Overcoats, fast colors,
Beavers and Cassimerea, well made,
good-lookirg garments, for wh eh
Brown asked $12.50, great doable sale
price $6.25
Lot 2— Yonng Men's Overcoats, 6 or 7
different kinds to select from, in Cov-
erts, Kerseys and Cheviots, well made,
well trimmed, perfect fitting, Brown
Bros.' price $10.00, great double sale
price $5.00
Lot 3 -Overcoats for yonng men, the fin-
est grade of Kerseys and Coverts and
made and trimmed in the latest up-to-
date fashion. Brown Bros.' price $17.50,
our price $8*75
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known
Authcrltv, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Out of the chaos of old-time failure comes a
new a!i*l startlinK cure for ruj ture. \>r. W. S.
Ri'f-. 41S North Main street, Adams, X. V., has
MX. CHAB. LAKGE.
Invented a method that cures without pain,
canger. oixration or aa hour's loss of time
lv>m the day* work. To avoid all questions
cf doubt he eTidf free to every sufferer a free
trial <f hi*-' method and there can be no earth-
ly reason why any one. rich or poor, should
not ava;l themselves of this generous offer. As
sn inftance of this remarkable method, the
curv ..f Charles Lance. Morrison, m., is a wel-
coigp piece of Intelligence.
Hr. Lanpe Is a well preserved old gentleman.
72 vearr of asre. and for eighteen years had a
tad double rupture which no treatment could
cope with. After a short u«e of the Rice
method the left rupture healed entirely and the
rijrht was almret clocM in a few weeks. To-
day he 1b as sound as a dollar, wears no truss
<r other support and hip cure is only one of
hundreds Ot Klmllar cases reported bq those
whr> use the Rice method. S*-nd for this free
trial Don't be backward. It will surprise you
with ili> wonderful povr to h«-al. And if you
know of other ruptured people ask them to
write for them. Do not fail to write at once:
do mo to-day. " ' '-j •
Ladies' and
Children's Yiear.
Beautiful new stocks for Spring,
all daintily pretty, the best of
their several kinds, and all most
moderately priced. New Caps
for baby, Jackets and Dresses for
sister, and tastefully made Spring
Lingerie for mother.
§ Babied' Wash Caps...
25 O to $3.< JO
Children's Lawn Hats
5 JO to $4.00
Children's Wash
Dresses, ages 4 to
14
750 to $4*50
Children's Jackets,
new shapes and
shades
$2.50 to $i 8.'20
Ladies' Gowns, finely made, good enough
for $1.75, only $1 25
Ladies' Gowns, finely made and elaborate-
ly trimmed.... $3mOO
Ladies' Skirts, with new flare, elegantly
tucked $1m25
Ladies' Skirts, with the new flare em-
broidery and insertion. $2*SO
Bargains From the Strauss
Stock,
Strauss' $3 Nainsook Gowns, now. $1.50
Strauss' $1.50 Cambric Chemise, now '.
730
Strauss' $3 Lawn Skirt with lace edge
and insertion, now... $f*5U
W. B. and R. & G. Corsets and Ferris
Waists, broken sizes..
one-half prloo
Children's Corset Waists, Strauss' price
50c each, our price IQo
Second i-loor.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Butferick's Patterns and "Publications
r otpril are ready.
French Foulards
9Oc to $1.25.
An unrivaled stock of these beautiful and
most fashionable Summer Silks in de-
signs that are exclusive with us. Thera
are none like them elsewhere, for these
were made especially for the big store;
24 inches in width; they come in grays,
modes, blues, heliotrope, reseda, rose,
purple, etc., and all the new pastel and
fresque shading.
9Oc, $1 and $1.25 yard.
Fancy Silks
Fcr Waists.
Another very large invoice of beautiful
Fancy Silks in the new Spring and
Summer design came in from the East
last Thursday. The styles that find
most favor are stripes in the lace and
plisse effects— our color line in these
goods now complete for both street and
evening wear.
7 So to $2 yard.
First tAisle—V^ear Door.
Murphy's Life Spared.
WASHINGTON. March 10.— The Presi
dent has commuted to imprisonment for
i;fe the sentence of death imposed by
court-martial in the case of Private
tif-rtT^tt Murphy, Company C. Twenty
fourth Infantry, convicted of the murder
of another soldier of the same company
in the Philippines.
Strauss' Fine Gapes,
Waists. Etc., at 1-4 and
1-2 Prices-
Lot I— All that are left of Strauss' $10
and $12 Golf Capes and other styles,
our final sale price $4*95
Lot 2— All that are left of Straus3* 75c
and $1 Wash Waists, our final sale
price 33c and SOo
Strauss* Fine Tailor,
Drasses at 1-4- and
1-2 Prloesm
Lot I— All that are left of Strauss' $10
and ?12.50 All-Wool Dresse3, a good
assortment, our final sale price.ss>» QO
Lot 2--AII that are left of Strauss' $20,
$25 and 530 Tailor Dres3es, all colors
and sizes, our final sale j>rice.slOaOO
Lot 3 — All that are left of our own finest
$40 and $50 Dresses, mostly silk-lined
and very elaborately made and trim-
med, black and colors, our final sale
price $20.00
Strauss' Fine Skirts 'at
1-4 and 1-2 Prices,.
Lot I— AH that are left of Strausa' fine
Ail-Wool $5, $6, $7.50 and $10 Skirts,
plaids and plain colors, our final sale
price, some box plaited ones in this
lot S2 4-5
Lot 2— All that are left of Strauss' $8
Black Crepon Skirts, and some box-
plaited Serge Skirts in this lot, our
final sale price..... $3-4-5
Lot 3— All that are left of Strauss' Black
Silk Taffeta and Black Broadcloth $10,
$15 and $20 Skirt?, and quite a lot of
box-plaited Skirts, plain and appliqued,
our final sale price ...$4*95
Second Floor — hront.
Hair Dressing and
Manicuring Parlors—
main floor, under west balcony.
Most* convenient place in town.
Work first chss and guaranteed
satisfactory. All kind 3 of hair
work made to order. Hair
Dressing 25c, Mani-
curing 25c, Shampoo-
ing SuCm
Last sale of the Strauss Goods, and best Cloak Bargains yet. Cost
this stock must be cleaned out thi3 week, for large quantities o
Strauss' Fine Jackets at ____——
1-4 and 1-2 Prices. C _^>
Lot I—Assorted1 — Assorted lot of All-Wool Jackets, - ¦&s\j# t&wZf^b
Strauss' prices were $5.00 to *15.00,
our final sale price 3 wHM J /w^<
$I.UO, $2.50, $3.45 &M$W &R&X&
Lot 2 — All that are left of Strauss' $10, n^*=i <2""%/ C '&*T
$12.50 and $15 fine Silk-lined Jackets, ¦ <%• J3 V* \
all colors, our final sale price.^4.9s j*s\jf&\. yf^^^x^
Lot 3- All that are left of Strauss' finest pVKe4N^ /YZM T\
$20, $25 and $30 Jackets, all colors and ftfMM- (sr\fW^ I \
sizes, our final sale price........#7»45 Jp^yif f if J V^ N
Lot 4 — All of our own fine Jackets that rUfi^i IV \ fjf i*\>
were $20 and $25, all colors and size 3, \JXj[ i)^\ J\A \i l r
our final sale price $10.00 / C /r .
Balance of Strauss' Stock f
Cloaks and Suits— l-4 and! 1-2 Price.
Fine Cretonnes,
Half Price*,
We offer to-morrow and dur-
ing the week, ICO pieces genuine
French and English Cretonne —
4000 yards in a ! l — closed out to
us by a New York Importing
House — double faced, handsomely
finished, beautiful patterns for
bed covers, bedroom drapery, box
couches, etc., at
One- Half Regular Prices
Cretonnes, worth 50c, for 250 yard
Cretonnes, worth 49c, for 200 yard
Cretonnes, worth 30c, for ISO yard
Curtain Department — Main Floor.
Knit Underwear
for Spring.
Ladios' Vests — mercerized lisle
thread, low neck and no sleeves ; pink,
sky and lavender, with narrow white
stripes ; very pretty — per garment
SOo
Ladles' VostS— Richelieu ribbed,
lisle thread, low neck, no sleeves; ecrn,
pink, sky, lavender and black — each...
250
Equestrian Tights— lisle thread,
ankle or knee length, open or closed;
ecru, white and black — pair. SOO
Ladios* Union Suits — Jersey
ribbed, lisle thread, high neck; long
sleeves; high neck, short sleeves;' and
low neck, no sleeves; ecru and white —
per garment SOo
tattles 9 HOSO — imported, fancy
cotton; black, tan, navy and cardinal
with extracted polka dots and figures —
pair _ 250
Ladlos' Lzco Uslo Hoso—
Imported Hermsdorf Black; a splendid
assortment of tha latest effects — tan,
new blue, eminence, cardinal, pink, sky
and white— pair ....SOo
OhUdren's Lace Uslo Hoso
¦ — fast black, sizes sto 9£— vair.2sG
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
High Class
Spring Millinery.
A Tery large collection of beautiful
and highly artistic models from the
world's most famous makers. . Practical
and stylish ready-to-wear Hats of the
lightest and prettiest materials. All
that is new in trimmings and the most
brilliant of ornaments and buckles.
Fancy braid
chiffon $5 ]/^§^^^^^^^
Taffeta Hats, f^^J^W^T
with velvet Pon vl'aro*i^'l*'vlr ! » < k
Pon... $6 /i^^^^?MM
New York's t^fFf*?^' l^
craze, in all I*
latest art and a ' /v
pastel shades.. v///»,,/^v "" J •//
in latest blocks
$I*OO and 800
Sailor Hats in Khox Block.. ..$1.50
Finest Sailor Hats..£2.oO to $5.00
Our Spring Opening,
{March 19, 1900.
Second Floor.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
NO ANNUITY
FOR EX-QUEEN
LILIUOKALANI
Senate Tables the Amend
ment Pensioning the
Former Sovereign.
Would Set a Bad Precedent in View
of the Many Chiefs Being De
throned in the Phil-
•
WASHINGTON, March 10.— While ( the
Senate had the diplomatic and consular
appropriation bill under consideration to
day, a lively debate was precipitated by
an amendment offered by Hoar of Massa
chusetts, proposing to give former Queen
Liliuokalani of Hawaii $20,000 and an an
nuity of $10,000. The amendment was
tabled linally without division. The pend
ing bill was passed with a few minor
amendments. The remainder of the ses
sion was devoted to eulogies of the late
M. L. Hayward.
In explanation of the amendment. Hoar
said the former Queen was the proprietor
in her own right of much property that
had been lost to her by her dethrone
ment. He said that she had been the
subject of cruel calumnies which he was
assured had not the slightest foundation
in fact. He was satisfied her life had
been quite spotless.
Tillman of South Carolina Insisted that
if any obligation existed at all it was one
of Hawaii and not of the United States.
Platt of. Connecticut did not believe the
former Queen had the slightest claim on
the United States, and, while he would
be willing to join in the making of a
donation to her, under the circumstances
he would not agree to legislation that
recognized her right, to any such pay
ments.
Gallinger of New Hampshire denounced
the proposed appropriation as utterly un
justifiable.
Lodge of Massachusetts, while admit
ting that the former Queen had no claim
on the United States, said the proposition
made was simply as an act of grace.
Thurston of Nebraska suggested the
donation to the former Queen of a lump
sum. He strongly opposed putting her
on the pension rolls of the United States.
Would Set a Bad Precedent.
Cockrell of Missouri, in opposition to
the amendment, declared it was a dan
gerous precedent to establish at this
time.
"If we are to pension all the monarchs
dethroned from our islands," said he, "we
are likely to have our hands full. There
will be the Queen of Hawaii, the Queen
of the Sulus and the monarchs of many
other places. Headed by the Queen of
Hawaii with $10.(XX), the list will go down
to tbOOO for somebody else, then to $7000
and finally wind up with a pension of
$5000 for widows of Presidents of the
United States."
Mnrjjan — Will you Include the widow of
Aguinaliio? < Laughter.)
Cockrell — Why, of course; we"ll have to put
her in.
In conclusion Cockrell announced his op
position to the pensioning of any monarch
in any circumstances thus far developed.
Tillman contended that the amendment
was without equity. He thought if there
were any claim at all it should be paid by
the people of Hawaii.
McComas of Maryland also opposed the
amendment, taking the position that there
was no moral or legal obligation to pay
the proposed pension. He did not conceit
that Liliuokalani had been entitled to
continue in the office.
On motion of Carter of Montana the
amendment was laid on the table. The
bill was then passed.
Too Many Senate Clerks.
Allen of Nebraska introduced a resolu
tion directing the Committee on Rules to
report why the secretary of the Senate
had not for several years reported at the
beginning of each session the number of
clerks, messengers and other employes,
together with their salaries. In accordance
with a provision of the statutes. Alien
f-aid that the statement had not been
made for several years. An agreement
reached a number of years ago by Sen
ators had been violated, and the Senate
force had been rapidly increased until row
it numbered about 300 persons, drawing
aggregate salaries of $510,000. The resolu
tion was passed.
Thurston of Nebraska had passed a res
olution calling upon the Secretary of the
Interior to inform the Senate whether any
leases of lands in tbe Wind River Indian
reservation, in Wyoming, had been made.
The bill authorizing the Cuban commit
tee of the Senate to visit Cuba was taken
up and passed.
On motion of Carter the Senate agreed
to meet at 10 o'clock next Monday to con
tinue the reading of the Alaskan bill.
Thurston of Nebraska presented resolu
tions commemorative of the services of
the late Monroe L. Hayward, Senator
elect from Nebraska, lind delivered an
eulogy upon Mr. Hayward, as did Fair
banks, Spooner and Allen. As a "further
mark of respect the Senate, at 2:45 p. m.,
adjourned.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 11, 1900.
MEXICANS ARE
UNABLE TO COPE
WITH YAQUIS
Vast Stretch of Territory
Devastated by Roving
Bands.
Much to the Surprise of the Gov
ernment, the Indians Are Found
to Be Well Supplied
With Arms.
?
AUSTIN. Tt-x.. March 10.— Advices from
Ortiz. Stare of Sonora, Mexico, are that
Lhe Indias;* have continued their depre
dations to aa alarming extent during the
past week, having ransacked- a great
streti'h of territory and raided sevtral
hamlets along the road between Pouini
iiiid Torin. The Mexican troops do not
seem to be able to cope with the situa
tion, and it is manifest that more men
Rill be needed to effectually suppress the
uprising. The Indians, who were all band
ed toKethtr about ten days ago for the
purpose, presumably, of making an at
tack upon the main forces of the Mex.
cana at a point near Torin, have again
ai^persed into roving bands of some 2M or
J.H) each, and in this manner they are eev
rmg a great range of territory and doii;*?
more damage in the way of marauding
movement?.
It ifc evident, however, that they are la
eonatant cemmuuication with one an
other, both by ¦"runners" and by signal
:iies as almost every night signal lires
>.re flash<'«i irom the mountains, indicating
.he temporary camps of some of the Ju
lians. Owms to the unsettled and ex
rcmely wild country in this neighborhood
the Mexican troops do not dare venture
to the location in the night, and for that
matter they lind great difficulty in
leaving the road during the day, owing
to the acres of prickly pears and chapar
ral through which they have to wade auJ
«v hieh seriously interferes with the:r
progress.
The Mexican troops are very suspicious
of the Indians laying traps to mafsacve
the entire force, and do not show much In
clination to venture into the mountain
fastnesses. Several efforts have been
made to get small detachments of men
Lhrough to Potam, but without success.
as the. Indians seem to be very plentilul
in th.it neighborhood.
The Mexican Government will make one
more attempt during the coming week to
force its way through and to that end will
mobilize its troops and attempt to engage
the Indians. The Mexican Government is
puzzled to locate the source from which
lhe Indians are securing all their guns
and ammunition, a* they seem to be se
curing additional supplies of both almost
weekly, and now hundreds of them are
armed with the very best rifles, while at
the opening of the uprising it wa? esti
mated that not livw of them had rifles.
Parties coming in from the scene of the
various engagements state that evidently
ti<> prisoners are being taken. A few
miles out from Guaymas on Tuesday half
a dozen Mexican soldiers were found
swinging from trees, and near Potam, on
the same day. five Indian braves were
hanging from mesquite trees. Near La
Moucha, on Sunday, fifteen bodies were
discovered lying in the undergrowth,
seme of them being Indian men. though
most of them were Indian squaws and
young Indian girls.
i
Extraordinary Special Sate of
Plaid Dress Goods and Golf Suitings.
Our entire supert and unrivaled Spring Stock of Plaid Dress Fabrics, Golf and
Reversible Suitings, about 50c the yard, will be placed on special sale for one entire week.
We had planned to use a whole section of the Dry Goods Department this season
for the display and sale of these goods, and bought in quantities accordingly. But
"the best laid schemes 0' mice and men gang aft a-gley." We cannot give the plaids the room designed.
Large stocks of other spring goods are rapidly pouring in on us now and must have selling space, so part
of the plaids must go, and go quickly— therefore, we say, for this week only,
Take your choice at 20 per cent less
than regular prices and actual worth*
75c Pebble Plaids, this week 600 $2.00 Granite Plaids, this week.. s#.6o $2.00 Reversible Suitings, this week
$1.00 Camel's Hair Plaids, this week...... $3.00 Camel's Hair and Boucle Plaids, .....$1.60
i....80c special this week $2>40 $2.25 Reversible Suiting, this week
$1.25 Camel's Hair Plaids, this week $1.25 Reversible Suitings, this week....... .' .....SI.BO
$1.00 ..." ..SI.OO $3.00 Golf Cloaking, this vee)c..s2*4O
$1.75 Camel's Hair Plaids, this week $1.75 Reversible Suitings, this week $3.75 Golf Cloaking, this week. .s3.OO
..$1.40 ..$1.40 $1.25 Cheviot Plaids, this week.. sl*OO
First Section — Left of Entrance. • ,
Candy, ice Cream
and Soda Water De-
partments have been
moved into more commodious
quarters in the main aisle,
between the Crockery- and
Book Departments, back of
rotunda.
17In an interview published yesterday in The Call
Judjjc Van Reynegom said the city was afflicted with
"bubonic" politics, not bubonic plague. It is pos
sible that Judge Van Reynegom made a slight slip
of the tongue and really meant "baboonic" politics.
At any rate, that's what the city" is suffering from.
It is always the unexpected that happens, even in
Massachusetts. Some of the telephone officials in
Boston have declared themselves in favor of the bill
providing for State supervision of the telephone busi
ness. They say they like it and expect to get fat on it
A report from Dawson says it is estimated the out
put of the gold diggings of that district this year will
exceed the value of $25,000,000; but the chances arc
the man who made the estimate has mining claims to
sell to any one who wishes to speculate.
Every now and then comes a report that some
chamber of commerce or board of trade has indorsed
the consular service bill, but the bill itself is .in a
pigeon hole and it seems likely to stay there for the
rest of this session. r* -
Kaiser William has now painted a picture, written
a battle hymn, composed a piece of music and pro
duced a drama, so there is really nothing left for him
to do except to declare war on somebody or take to
lecturing.
t The new -boy preacher is a very good preacher of
the kind, but what has become of all the others that
for a generation past have been doing the boy
preacher act in this country and Great Britain?
. With all his speechmaking Bryan has not yet fur
nished his party with a watchword for the campaign,
and it seems the Bryanite war cry this year will be
hardly more than an inarticulate howl. .
By a timely article in the Atlantic Monthly, Olney
got his name before the public again just as he was
about to be forgotten, and Tom Reed will do well to
profit by. the example. • ,
The next time the Board of Health runs up against
a diseased Chinaman , it will study the case a little be
fore it announces the bubonic plague and quarantines
everything in sight
SPRING PRINCESS DRESS.
The model represented Is suited for th«
spring and can be worn without a man
tle. It looks very stylish In red cloth and
black velvet, but can be made in other
colors. It is fastened with large dead
gold buckles.
AN EMPIRE REJECTED.
AS a rule Eastern people are either so indifferent
or so antagonistic to all comprehensive
projects for the upbuilding of the West and
the improvement of the vast region on this side the
Missouri River that there is something quite note
worthy in the fact that the Boston Globe recently di
rected the attention of its readers to the foolish man
ner in which the arid and semi-arid sections of the
<:our.try have been neglected.
Taking as its text a statement of Professor Wal
lace of Edinburgh, that if the possession of the great
est area of neglected land be an evidence of national
greatness, then the United States may claim to be the
greatest nation in the world, the Globe points out
that while most Americans would hesitate to accept
such a doubtful compliment, the words of the Edin
burgh professor are none the less true. It then goes
on to say:
"The Secretary of the Interior in his annual report
is authority for the statement that among these un
appropriated lands there are 74,000,000 acres which
would be 'capable of sustaining and comfortably sup
porting, under a proper system of irrigation, a popu
lation of at least 50,000,000 people.' That is Mr.
Hitchcock's calculation. Yet year after year our peo
ple have suffered this potential empire to bake under
the cloudless sky and blazing sun of a great, voiceless
desert. Some of its soil may be bored for 400 feet
without finding a bowlder, and much of it is the rich
est alluvial deposit of the mountain floods, better
than any of the loani which our New England gar
deners jealously hoard. Nevertheless, there are re
gions where half a million acres of this rich earth
would not supply sufficient grass for one little burro.
But let there be an overflow from the river and the
grass will leap forth at the rate of twelve inches a
day until it attains maturity."
The improvement of that vast empire within the
confines of the Union is deliberately rejected by Con
gress. Liberal appropriations have been made for ths
improvement of small rivers and comparatively un
used harbors in the East, while a most niggard policy
has been pursued with respect to irrigation. Senator
Warren of Wyoming recently made, the assertion that
the sums appropriated by Congress in the last twenty
Last week it was reported that the exposition in
Paris would not be ready for the opening on the day
announced in the original programme, but now it is
said everything will be in good order and there will
be no delay. . Next week we shall probably get the
frst report repeated and then another contradiction
of it. Anything goes that advertises the show and
keeps the world interested in it.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 10.— A. Ross of San
Francisco is at the Buckingham-. W. Hugh
Grey of San Francisco is at the Waldorf-
Astoria. C. O. Poole of San Francisco is
at the Grand.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
AUCTION SALES.
Ey Sullivan & Doyle— Tuesday. March IJ. at 11 o'clock,
HorFes, at Twelfth and Harrison streets.
A BIG TELEPHONE FIGHT.
OVER in the East the prospects of the year are
brightened for the patrons of telephone lines
by the organization of a powerful company to
fight the Bell monopoly and by competition bring
down telephone rates and at the san^e time improve
the service. As a substantial victory! for the new or
ganization in the East would undoubtedly result in
breaking down the monopoly here as well as there,
the contest is of almost as much interest to San Fran
cisco as to those cities where it is now being waged.
The Philadelphia North American, in giving an
account of the competing company, "the Telephone,
Telegraph and Cable Company of America," says it
is composed of some of the leading capitalists of
Philadelphia and New York, among whom are John
Jacob Astor, Daniel O'Day, Standard Oil Company,
H. R. Wilson, banker, New York; W. J. Latta, Phila
delphia; C. W. Morse, president of the American Ice
Company; Charles E. Adams, president of the Mas
sachusetts Board of Trade; H. E. Gawtry, president
of the Consolidated Gas Company of New York; W.
H. Gelshennen, president of the Garfield National
Bank, New York, and George Crocker of San Fran
cisco.
The combination, it will be seen, is a strong one,
and it appears a decided victory has been already ob
tained over the old monopoly. The Erie telephone
system, one of the largest branches of the Bell Com
pany, has been acquired by the new corporation. This
system is said to be subdivided into five divisions,
operating in North and South Dakota, Minnesota,
Wisconsin, Michigan, Arkansas, Texas and a portion
of Ohio. It has a capital of $22,000,000. and its ac
quirement adds immensely to the prestige of the rival
organization, while at the same time diminishing the
strength of the Bell Company.
Commenting upon the contest the North Ameri
can says: "From the conflict now raging between the
two corporations may come cheaper telephone rates
for Philadelphia. The Telegraph and Cable Company
has a capital of $30,000,000, and its promoters have
planned to carry the battle of competition against the
old company to every city 'or town where a tele
phone line is operated. They are known to be seek
ing a franchise in this city, and those who are familiar
with the situation predict their success."
From that report of the fight in the East we can
draw reason for the hope that before long the new
company will extend the field of its operations to
San Francisco and. force an improved service and
lower rates here. There is certainly a good oppor
tunity for the new corporation, since the monopoly
here has conducted its business in such a manner as
to incline the public to give a hearty welcome to any
new comer in the field.
• In the meantime, however, it is to be noted that
rivalries between great corporations controlling pub
lic utilities generally end in compromises, by which
the rivals agree upon rates sufficiently high to enable
them to extort from the people sums as large as the
traffic will bear. For that reason it becomes more im
perative than ever to clothe the municipal authorities
with power to regulate telephone rates. If 'such
power be not vested in the municipality we may see
the rival companies united to. recoup from San Fran
cisco the sums they expend in fighting one another
elsewhere.
THE BUBONIC BOARD.
AFTER appearing in a continuous performance
of three days, in a scientific farce, which
proved to be a commercial tragedy to San
Francisco, the Bubonic Board of Health, relying on
the testimony of a rat, a monkey and a guinea-pig, left
the footlights, raised the quarantine of Chinatown and
left the city to recover, as best it can, from the wide
spread damage inflicted upon its trade and every
other material interest.
What a spectacle the incident presents! The Chief
of Police hurrying at midnight to rope in a quarter
of the city; the Bubonic Board adopting the
phraseology of grave emergency by bulletins that it
had "the situation well in hand," and in other terms
promoting the belief that it had identified the plague
and had given the pestilence a flying switch from the
glands of a Chinese into those of a guinea-pig; the
stolid indifference of the city government to the wel
fare and interests of the city; the inefficiency of the
quarantine maintained by the Chief of Police, which,
it is said, Chinese boast of escaping by the payment of
a dollar a head — all go to make a record of official
imbecility and worse that has not been equaled in the
history of the city. It is enough to make the guinea
pig grin.
The matter was one that called for wise action,
which would repress all alarm until the facts justified
measures that would warn the public of a real dan
ger. As Consul Ho Vow has pointed out, isolation of
the building in which the Chinese died, after a month's
illness, would have been sufficient until the history of
his case could have been known. The quarantine
would have then amounted to no more than that of
single houses, where our common contagious dis
eases, such as scarlet fever and diphtheria, may be
found. There is no doubt that the time between the
midnight fright of the nervous Chief of Police and
the daylight development of his light-headed action
would have sufficed to investigate the case of the dead
Chinese, and its prolonged history would have at
once removed all suspicion of the existence of bu
bonic plague, and the subsequent proceedings would
have never occurred. But, as that would have been
the sensible course to pursue, it was carefully avoided
by a lot of official people, who have no sense beyond
seeing a chance to gain vainglorious attention and
make themselves objects of interest.
The organ of this clan of self-seeking politicians did
its evil worst to back them up and spread a panic by
the issue of bubonic editions, filled with microbic hor
rors and feculent word paintings of the plague else
where, that were paraphrased from Richardson's "Old
St. Paul's" and other; sources that have their origin
in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries' literature
of plague tragedies in Europe. In this way the Ex
aminer strove to justify and glorify the- fool zeal of
the small men who have the power to harm the repu
tation of a great city. It was in line with the dema
gogue threat said to have been uttered by the Chief of
Police, that if the quarrel of the tongs did not cease
he would banish the whole Mongol population from
Chinatown! He seems unaware that the Chinese are
here by virtue of treaty rights, and their treatment is a
matter of international concern. Notwithstanding the
evils of the presence of Chinese here, which no one
questions, their right to be here is settled by the treaty,
and they are not exactly deadheads, as far as con
tributing to the revenues of the country is concerned.
For the five months of October, November, Decem
ber, 1899, and January and February. 1900, the total
taxes collected at the San Francisco Custom-house
amounted to $2,816,700 65, of which the Chinese paid
$721,193 40. or about 25 per cent of the whole rev
enue, though the Chinese population is by no means
one-fourth of our total, being less than a tenth
thereof. As taxpayers and people with treat}' rights
they have a distinct legal status, which even as great
a man as the Chief of Police must respect. He might
as well threaten to close all the churches in San
Francisco because the bodies of two murdered women
were found in one. Follies and crimes have appeared
before in the administration of our city government,
but they pass into forgetfulness or are almost trans
formed into wisdom and virtue by the antic capers
of these witlings.
The great seal of the city should be changed to a
guinea-pig rampant, in the act of taking the Xescula
pian oath, and a Chinese couchant getting under the
quarantine ,rope by payment of one dollar.
years for the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers would have sufficed to irrigate and • redeem
i 00.000.000 acres of waste land.
On that issue the Globe points out that scientific
engineers have repeatedly reported that the best way
to guard against floods in such rivers as the Missis
sippi and the Missouri would be to draw away the
surplus waters at their sources, and store it up, if
need be, instead of trying to restrain the floods by
dykes and levees along the banks in the lowlands. It
then adds:
"It has been estimated that the loss occasioned by
the abnormal rise of the Missouri in one year repre
sented an amount of money equal to the cost of all the
hydrological basins needed in the far northwest, and
that if one-tenth of the money which has been ex
pended for the restraint of the Mississippi had been
expended at the mountain sources of the Western
rivers the farmers of the Mississippi bottom would
have been rescued from the peril of periodic floods,
while at the same time a vast desert on the plains
would have been rescued from its perennial drought.
But Congress has sent the money only where there
are constituencies, and these, abound in the Missis
sippi Valley, but are not to be found among . the
prairie. dog villages of the trans-Missouri wilderness."
It is gratifying to note that Eastern people are be
ginning to understand the importance of this ques
tion. We are spending millions in pursuit of the
vanity of imperialism in the Philippines and rejecting
a rich and noble empire within our own borders. We
are wasting money in wars which will yield no other
harvest than future wars, entailing further expendi
tures, while refusing appropriations for the improve
ment of our own lands and rendering them sources of
incalculable wealth.
If you hays not decided how to go East, |»
to ¦•• tha handsome moving picture*, now on
exhibition, free at Union Paclfio Ticket Offlost
No. 1 Montgomery street.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In lmproTed 'wlie-vestlDuled Pullman tourist
¦leeplnc ears via Santa F* rout*. Experience*
excursion conductor* accompany these excur-
sions to look after the wetfare of paasenjrers.
To Cl.ieuo and Kansaa City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
•very Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday an 4
Friday. Ticket office. «JJ Market street.
Liveried Menial— Me lud, the earring*
waits without.
Lord Fit* Josher— Without what?
"Without hdrses. me lud; 'tis an auto-
mobile."— Chicago Record.
Special information supplied dally t?
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ¦
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at Townsend's."
NATIVE DAUGHTER WHO
SHOULD HAVE BEEN A BOY
MISS ALltfc CUINDUN.
*jiy? LICa CONDON, 14 years of age, with a peculiar talent that will make
fl \y Bess'ieißonehill one of these days look to her laurels, is to be one of
]r~\ \ the : chief attractions In the "Brownie" production at •, the. California
next week. Alice Condon's talent lies in the direction of male person
ation.' For this sort, of work she is naturally '¦ adapted. : Her voice -Is strong
and true and has a pleasing "carrying" quality. . She has already, won dis
tinction on the stage, and among : her professional ) associates she is known
as the child with; the ; marvelous memory. Her • gift of < rapid memorizing has
made her particularly, available for "short notice" parts,' and no matter how
limited- the 'time 'or long the part, the little artist has never yet. been- known
to fail. ''•-¦•-•** •--",., ¦'•'•--?•' .'-, -
r The tiny male Impersonator ia not destined to , remain ' long:' with ua. The
East ¦ already is ; stretching out ; Its " greedy : anna to snatch the California* girl
and^; Alice: Condon Is shortly to, be one of the main attractions in a big New
York vaudeville ahow. . . . .. ¦ ; - • . ...
Note 81 4th. nr. 5c barber and grocery.
Best eyeglasses and specs. 10c to 40c" •
Deserted by His Wife.
"Ward B. Hoffman has sued Carrie B.
Hoffman for a divorce; alleging desertion
as cause of action.
C. P. Huntington Coming.
General Manager Julius Krutt3chnltt of
the Southern Pacific Company left Friday
night for Xew Orleans, where he will
meet C. P. Huntington and accompany
him over the lines of the road to this
city.
Mr. Huntington Is due to arrive at New
Orleans in about a week, and his trip
from that, city to San Francisco will be
taken in a leisurely fashion, so as to
bring the president of the jrreat corpora-
tion here toward the latter part of this
mpnth. or a few days beiore the annual
meeting of stockholders, -which is sched-
uled for the first part of April.
at' the Grand, where he arrived last even
ing.
iW. H. Walker, a millionaire business
man of Salt Lake City. Is at the Occi
dental. ,-.;•-.
Dr. E. M. Proctor, a prominent physi
cian of Placervllle, is at the Palace for a
few days.
Dr. O. H. Kiefer, a leading medical man
of Phoenix. Arix., is at the Grand, ac
companied by his wife.
Louis Slops Jr. has returned to the city
after a six weeks' absence, which he
spent in visiting the principal cities of the
East.
Bank Commissioner A. "W. Barrett Is a
guest at the California, where he arrived
last evening from his home In Los An
geles.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Judge J. W. Hughes of Sacramento Is
at the Lick. •
Senator C. M. Simms of Santa Rosa ia
a guest at the Lick.
E. A. Curtis, a fruit raiser of Los An
geles, is at the Grand.
E. C. Voorhels, a mining man of Sutter
Creek, is at the Palace.
' R. B. Butler, a wealthy fruit grower of
Fresno, is at the Grand.
Judge A. C. Hinkson of Sacramento Is
registered at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. Edgar Holden of Newark,
N. J., are staying at the Occidental.
John Costa, a wealthy mine-owner of
Downieville. is registered at the Lick.
W. W. Hentz, a well known railroad
man of Salt Lake City. !s at the Palace.
H. Warren and G. W. Somerfield, cattle
men of Nevada, are staying at the Grand.
Dr. W. W. Gross of Vlsalla is a guest
IS THIS JOURNALISM?
WE have noted the omission by the Examiner of
Representative de Vries' name among the
four Democrats who voted for the Porto Rico
tariff. It seems that Mr. de Vries is under boycott in
si! matters where it is possible to omit his name or
mention of his work in the Examiner.
He recently introduced a joint resolution for repeal
of the duty on print paper and paper pulp, a subject
of great interest to all publishers. The Examiner
carefully cut his name out of its news received over
"the longest leased wire in the world."
lie also' introduced the joint resolution for Federal
purchase of the Calaveras big trees, and with great
industry 2nd address urged it through both houses
of Congress. The Examiner cut his name out of the
whole proceeding, except in noticing his presenta
tion of the successful resolution to the President for
signature, and claimed to itself the credit of the en
tire proceeding.
Such petty personal business would be discredit
able in any one, but when practiced by a pretended
newspaper it is a deliberate fraud on the reading pub
lic. Mr. de Vries is a Democrat, and, after the State.
his party is entitled to the credit or discredit of his
acts as its sole Representative from this coast. But
the Examiner by its boycott defrauds its readers, and
conceals from the public and its party, so far as its
act can do, all knowledge of what he does. So far as
that paper is concerned the seat which he fills with
commendable zeal and industry might as well be va
cant. The matter is beginning to attract wide atten
tion. A correspondent of the Stockton Independent,
referring to it, says: "I have no further use for the
Examiner. I want the news, and if a newspaper re
luses to give us information of our own Congressman
I believe every man in our district, whatever his
politics, should protest by declaring a boycott on the
Examiner as it has on De Vries."
The Independent says that if the paper and pulp
bill "had been presented by \V. J. Bryan, J. G. Ma
guire or James D. Phelan, we are quite sure the Ex
aminer would have displayed it under sensational
headlines, and the name of the author would have
been paraded in black type."
The Sacramento Bee calls it "a common specimen
of little journalism," and adds that: "Nothing has
been accomplished within the last five years in the
¦heavens above, the earth beneath, or the waters under
the earth, that the Examiner has not taken the credit
to itfelf. The Examiner refuses all mention of Mr.
<!e Vries as having introduced the resolution which
sftved the big trees, and says: 'The Examiner's ef
fort to save those national wonders, the giant trees
of California, has been successful.' The managers of
this paper have personal reasons for knowing that the
Examiner had about as much to do with the intro
duction of the paper trust measure by De Vries as
had the Sultan of Sulu or the Pope of the Greek
church. This mean, miserable and contemptible boy
cotting of the ablest Representative California has by
the Examiner furnishes additional proof of the im
measurable littleness of San Francisco journalism."
If the Bee would qualify its denunciation by limiting
it to Examiner journalism it would be. an irreproach
able characterization in its tight fit and perfectly
proper application to that boasting, braggart policy
which disgraces all journalism.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpfceum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "The Girl From Parln."
Grand Op^ra-hoase — Corcert Thursday afternoon, March 15.
Columbia— "The Old Homestead."
California— OppTatic Concert Monday nlcht.
California— "TUe Brownies In Fairyland," Thursday after-
noon.
Tlvoli— "The Idore Eye."
Alraui — "Never Araln."
Alhambra — "Have You Seen Smith."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeiille every afternoon and
evening.
Olymp'.a. corner of Ma?on and Eddy streets— Specialties
Flasher's New Concert House— Grand opening March 19.
Mechar.W Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital to-morrow afternoon.
Vclon Courmlng Park — Coursing to-duy. . .
Ineleslde Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
VVestern Turf Aimncizrlon— Races to-morrow.
art, . and following the advice of Thackeray In his "Pictorial
Rhapsody," praises merit though It belongs to his dearest foe.
Withal, having a catholic taste, caring very much for pictures
exactly the opposite of his own, considering It an honor to call
himself a pupil of Puvis de Chavannes, who had a warm ad
miration for Melchers' work, and friendship for him person
ally, which he showed In a very touching way on the day
Melchers was gazetted a Chevalier of the Legion of Honor
giving him, with many expressions of affection, his own cross,
with its faded bit of ribbon, which he had received as a young
man from the hands of the Emperor Napoleon 111. Mr. Mel
chers is also a Knight of the Order of St. Michael of Bavaria.
He has had medals of honor In Paris, Berlin. Antwerp, Munich
and Amsterdam; in fact In nearly every capital of Europe.
Mr. Melchers was born In ISCO, in Detroit. Mich. The record
of his career Is almost monotonous, so uniformly successful
has It been. His father, being a sculptor, knew the advantage
of early training and sent him In his seventeenth year to Dus
seldorf. This town Is out of vogue as an art center now, and
the modern Parts-taught men smile at the tedious German
method of passing in slow degrees from the elementary class
to the life; but Mr. Melchers has nothing but praise for the
place and its professors, and perhaps much of his own pains
taking method was acquired there.
It is a sign of the man that he pursues his artistic way re
lentlessly. Without acquainting his father, whom ho feared
might too strenuously object, he left misseldorf In 1881 for
Paris and began his studies there In the ateliers of Boulanger
and Lefebvre, and also at the Beaux Arts. He made his debut
in the Salon of 1882 with "The Letter." At the International
Exhibition of 18S9 one of the two medals of honor given In th»
American section of fine arts fell to Mr. Melchers for his ex
hibit of "The Sermon," "The Pilots" and "The Communion."
surely a very rare dlstlctlon for a man not yet 30.
CARI MELCHERS. the Detroit genius, . who came so
strongly Into 'public view through his decorations for
the now Congressional Library at "Washington, continues
to add to his fame as an artist. As usual, he is far better
known abroad than in his own country.
His largest picture, "The Supper at Emmaus," is at
tracting great attention among connoisseurs. The Christ,
sitting at the head of a rude table, breaking bread, severely
treated, of a tender, attenuated type, contrasts strongly with
the two disciples— one tall and muscular, the other stout and
gross— brilliantly painted with much Impasto. their faces full
of awe and reverence, exemplifying the verses:
"And It came to pass, as he sat at meat with them, he took
bread, and blessed it, and brake, and gave, to them.
"And th*>ir eyes were opened, and they knew him."
The color of the picture is brilliant. Intensified by vivid spots
of green and orange.
Mr. Melchers' first great essay in decoration was made for
the Chicago Exhibition. These decorations filled the corner
pavilion of the Liberal Arts building, and were the most mas
terly of any of the frescoes there. Unfortunately they have
perished by fire. His most important decorations were made
for the new Congressional Library at Washington. They are
very fine in color, following the rule of Puvls de Chavannes
that mural decoration should be low in relief and delicate lii
tone.
A peculiar and Interesting temperament. While at work
almost ascetic: unconscious of discomfort: content 'with the
merest necessities; ungregarlous. almost unsociable: preferring
not to talk about his work or show it. His friends, knowtne
his nature, allow for it, and, in return for the small amenities
of life, he gives them— first his work, which is enough, and
then his honest conviction artistically— he gives you the truth
"straight." He cares neither for friend nor foe in matters of
THE SUPPER AT EMMAUS. BY G4RI MELCHERS
From the Magazine of Art.
The British have come to the conclusion that the
Boers are demoralized, but the wish is evidently
father of the thought. Kruger's offer to make peace
on exactly the same terms he proposed before the
war began certainly shows no evidence of weakening.
I'UUL.ICATIOX OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. K.
Telephone Slain 18SS.
EDITORIAL R00MK....217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Blaln Itt74.
Delivered lit Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Blncle Copies. 5 Cent*.
Term* br Mall. Including Poiticn
h*II.V CALL (Incladlnar Sunday), one y«if..s(!,fti»
DAILY CALK <«neladln»r Sandar>. « month*. . n.OO
OAIL.V CALL Unclndlasr Sunday). 3 months. . J.r.n
DAILY CALL — Br Slncle Month 65e
fcI.NDAY CALL One Year J.r.o
WttKKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All yoinnntrm are authorised to reoelTO .
asbacrlptlons.
sample copies ttIU be forwarded whea reaaeated
OiKl,A\n OFFICE! 1118 Broa dTTß y
c. GEortGR icnnc.\ESs.
Uu.na.ttr Farrtcn AdTertlnln*-. llaranctto Build
tug. Cblcaf*.
JTEW YORK COllHi:sPO?fnE.\Tt
C C CAULTO.N Herald Sanmre
SEW YORK KEPHESBSTATITBI
PERUT LUIvCJNS. Jit 20 Tribune Bvlldlns
CHICAGO KEWS STAXDSi
Sbe>?mam liouir: P. O. .N'ciri Co.i Grrmt Jlorttt
•rm Ue>tel| Frcinonl Uookci A«dl»orl»m Hotel.
KEW VOBK ,\E\VS STASDSi
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel I A. Breatuo, 31 Colon
Iqnirei 3Jorr«r Ulll Hotel.
tVASHIXGTOX <T>. C> OKFlCK. .Wellfturton Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH. Corrmpondrat.
BRA*Cn OFFICES— 637 MsntmniTT. «?om*T of
Clay, open I nntll 0(30 o'clock. SOO Haye*.
open anttl !»:3<> o'clock. 639 McAllister, opfn
nntll f»i3O o'clock. 818 I.nrkla, op«m until
BsSO o'clock. 1»41 Bllatlon. open -ntll 1O
o'clock. S2SI Slarket. corner Sixteenth, open
nntll 0 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open until 0
o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock.
AW. comer Twratr-Keoad ud Krntnck.r,
open vntil O o'clock.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
SUKDAY.i MARCH n, 1900
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 11, 1900,
GARI MELCHERS' GREAT PAINTING,
"THE SUPPER AT EMMAUS."
18Send for book "Thre; Classes of Men,"
mailed free,; or call and examine these
Belts- I guarantee them on a , bond of
$5,000 to be ths genuine, original, patsnt-
;d Dr. A-.T. Sanden Belt, with 30 years'
reputation as the grandest remejy for
RHEUMATISM, .KIDNEY TROUBLE
and all pains : and weakness of man and
woman. I sell them at Half Price.
JD:^. S. S. HfU,l<,
Lion f>rtxi Co.,
Cor. Stockton and Mar M Sto.. San Francitco
ENTIKB STOCK Of»
~W. C, HAMILTON,
A L. BANCROFT .& CO.
Mr W C Hamilton has retired from business in San Francisco and we
have purchased h.s entire stock of pianos and organs for spot cash at
oar 1 t h ere f ore inaugurate on Monday, March 12, the most ex-
traordinary sale in the history of the Piano and Organ trade in San
Francisco. consists of many pianos and Organs of" various designs and
finish There are many brand new Pianos recently received from factories.
In used instruments there is tv an extensive variety. .
The prices are the lowest ever quoted in San Francisco for reliable instru-
ments and ere marked in plain figures, from which no delation will
58 "cTu^own guarantee will be given with each instrument A suitable
stool and scarf free with each piano. ,
nm/n^k^T PIANO WAREROOMS,
BYRON ¦¦MAUZY SOS-SIO-SIS Post Street.
SHEET MUSIC HALF' PRICE TO AtL
Wiil&Finchio.
Gentlemen Will Not Get Left.
At the Bale of shoes, 717 Market street,
will be offered the very finest and best
make of men's shoes. They are hand
sewed, the very latest style. No better
material was ever put Into a shoe. Made
by the best known makers. Worth 15 and
$6. To-morrow (Monday) for only $2 50 a
pair at the sale of shoes,' 717 Market
street, near Third. •
Plated Ware.
Silver-plated Butter Dish, nicely engraved
with knife rest f1.25
Stlv«r-plated Child's Cups, engraved, gold-
lined 25e
Ellver-plated Sugar Bowls, with half-dozen
teaspoons f» 1. ."".<»
Berry Dish, with silver-plated frame and
colored glass bowl f IJ2S
Ellver-plated Sugar Spoons and Butter
Knives, fancy patterns 25c.
Men's Furnishings.
Natural Wool and Camel's Hair Under-
wear, reduced from 52.00 to
fI.OO per suit
Linen Collars at So each
Hats and Children's Caps at less than
cost
Gent's Gloria Umbrellas, steel rod. Congo
handles, special sOc each
Ladles' Gloria Umbrellas, Dresden. Horn
. and Congo handles, special 75c each
Whisk Brooms and Mirrors
Black enameled handles, flno quality corn
lOc
Bent stock, hurl handles 13«
Extra stock, plush shoulders a^c
Dwarf corn, fancy carved handles, with or
without ring 30c, 35e
Fine assortment of colored plush Mirrors.
beveled edges, 4xB, former price 85c,
now ....'. 23e
Full line of Magnifying Mirrors, tn all
sizes f 1.25. »1.5(>. f.75. »2.00
Picture. Specials.
Pine Engravings, 11 in. by 14 in., cot from
15c to 050
Eame as above, 16x20, cut from 60c to.. 15c
Kngravings, worth 75c and H.OO. cut t0....
Sso
Also a fine line of Colored Plates, 12x16.
cut from 25c to 050
These are popular subjects from famous
painters.
Cutlery Department.
Russell's White Bone Handle Table
Knives, set of 6 fIJSO
Russell's Ebony Handle Table Knives. s*t
of S .75c
Russell's Stag Handle Carvers, per pair
(knife and fork) fI.OO
George Wostenholm ("I X I/) Stag Han-
dle Carvers, per pair (knife and fork)
Will & rinck Co.'s Guaranteed Carvers,
from .-..f4.00 to f IS.OO per set
Crockery Department.
A Lamp that can be hung; up or set down
or carried about, with tin reflector.. 2so
The best Crockery Mender on earth; for
this week only ..15c per bottla
An 8-pleoe Lemonade Bet. fleur-da-lls dec-
oration fI.OO
A handsomely decorated Ewer and Basin.
with roll edge. In 3 oolors f1.35
1,000 RUGS.
The Gtenuine Bromley Rugs.
The G«xiuine Bantsu Bugs.
Th© Genuine Wilton Bugs.
The Genuine German Bugs.
500 Made-TTp Bugs.
NOVELTIES JUST ARRIVED. -^ - — j
All-over embroidered, tucked, applique, corded *nd cut-rmt Taffet* BtTks. fancy
open-work tinsel and silver fronting- materials, in an endless variety of styles.
Prices from $1.25 to 510.00 a Yard
NEW LACES. J
Fancy insertions, edgings and all-over effects: styles that are novel.
NEW STYLE BELTS.
Pulley Belts, black and colon.
NEW STYLES OF NECKWEAR. .
100 different designs now on exhibition.
FANCY DRESS SILKS.
Among; others handsome cord effects; colors that are right for sprint;: very chole*
for Waists.
At 75c," 83c, $1.00, $1.25 and 51.50
NEW SHADES OF PLAIN TAFFETA SILKS
Just received, pastel a&d stasdard colors. ¦
Xvrj choto* oolottuts. niw oord strips*, this season's patterns, and tbsr «r*
beautiful. :..--¦: ..--¦ . :
At 50c Yard
SILK WAISTS. -MSS
A new stylish Waist, made of •xeetterrt quality Taffeta Bilk, fnn tucked front,
this season's latest collar and cuffs; all the newest shades; far ahead of any Bilk
Waist yet shown
' ' ' '.-;-. v At $5.00
Other styles of Waists that are also remarkably rood value
V: At $6.75 and $8.00
SPECIAL BARGAIN SALE.
Ladles' mercerized Moreen Skirts, handsome plaids, proper style* and well made
reglur J4.00 value. ¦ _ . •
¦ • ¦ ¦ • • HnCnlAnf C*> RA
COLUMBIA KID GLOVES.
New spring assortment of the only satisfactory Olovw to b» bad
At $1.00
JUST RECEIVED.
KOHIBERG, STRAUSS &FROHMAN
107-109 POST STREET.
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
CHINATOWN WILL
BE TREATED TO
A GENERAL BATH
Board. of Health Now Trying
to Redeem Itself Before
the Puhlio.
End of the Quarantine Fizzle Finally
Allows the Chinese to Resume
Business and Be Reason
ably Happy.
By special shortest leased wire from
Angel Island to San Francisco, a late bul
letin pronounces the monkey, guinea pig
and rats Inoculated with glandular poison
taken from the Chinese who, with the aid
of the Board of Health, caused so much
unnecessary trouble, as being in .good con
dition and thriving under tha new hypo
dermic treatment. .
The Board of Health has at last real
ized the error of Its ways and is now
engaged In redeeming Its sanity by an ac
tive Inspection of Chinatown. Three days
of quarantine brought to the minds of
the members of the Board of Health the
futility of attempting a game which they
tn their Inexperience bad not mastered.
The> hornets' nest about their ears caused
them to lift the burden in advance of the
allotted time set for the death, of . mon
key, guinea pl« and rats. . The Quarantine
was raised none too soon. Not only was
a great revenue shut oft from the Gov
ernment, but Inestimable inconvenience
was caused the traveling public, and
many large manufacturers employing Chi
nese for labor that white men would not
undertake. With the removal of the em
bargo the condition of things reached its
natural level and business in Chinatown
and at the Custom-house has resumed its
former status.
To glaze over their mistake, the Board
of Health in Its meeting Friday afternoon
passed a resolution calling for a sanitary
inspection of Chinatown. Yesterday
morning Drs. O'Brien. Chalmers, Fltzglb
bon. Secretary. Kelly and the entire corps
of sanitary inspectors pounced down upon
Chinatown and began their work. From
house to house the men moved, ordering
refuse to be destroyed and a general
clean-up. This will be done until the en
tire Mongolian district is given a bath.
If necessary, the bad places will be fumi
gated with formaldehyd.
EXCEPTIONAL LACE CURTAIN SALE.
LACE CURTAIN MARVELS— astonishing prices for fine goods— large
loti direct from the world's foremost makers, bought six and eight months ago
in anticipation of the recent sharp advances, especially for this great opening sale.
\\Q for $2.00 Nottingham curtains, 3IA3 l A yards
long — Madras and other beautiful
weaves — charming designs, neat point d'esprit
and kindred effects — liberal assortments— no limit
to quantities — the price is exceptional.
4.35 * or $6-5° Battenberg lace curtains — 7> X A
yards long, 52 inches wide, Battenberg
edging and wide Battenberg insertion — on heavy
cable net — the best French productions at
a positive saving of over 40 per cent.
850 * or ?I2? I2O ° fi" e Brussels parlor curtains —
marvels of beauty, exquisitely wrought
— prices lower than ever — an inducement for
early spring- buying— comprehensive and exclu-
sive styles.
17.50* * or $?5 rea * ren ai' sance and .Arabian
curtains; — splendid assortment of fine
new patterns — manufactured especially for us by
our peerless French organizations.
*
ENAMELED IRON AND BRASS BED SALE.
$15 BOX SPRINGS,
covered with best satin
finished ticking, made
with the best tempered
8te«l wire springs, best
hair top 12.00
r\ r^ i^WT-rT^ffirc^vff S3 woven* wire v\ 'is^jvjfKi >r
fVjT^l --iJhM i 1i 1 Bfi SPRINGS, hard wood »**^f ¦ '
Jfi^l BTFII Pm*- frame, with best J] "^Jj^^v.
t; • 1I M g h $6.0>) COTTON TOP S"l*l! P*^ T . * /^ !
"%W^ X/JwWw>a&-"^ MATTRESSES, covered jtTT I iilZITi
+&??jri?rz2£2&* s M* f ' ith K° od ticking, well xj- f-^^p^-^f ==ft — p^r-
.-,-.- ~™**ls.' .- *" . ,— made, all sizes. A ,"r '^-. — £ #
511.75. ' • r.w t>— .. <fr
Jl5 ENAMELED BED. ... , ? $3.90.
. .. • . ¦ special design, exten- . ?
sion foot, braps top rails.' spindles and mounts, all sizes, white, black or |J *JTR
olive green .¦ • •••-• d a# *
PERMIT SYSTEM
USED TO DRIVE
OUT UNION MEN
How the Military Aided the
Owners of Mines at
Wardner.
No One Affiliated With Labor Organ
izations Allowed to Besume
Work in the Dis-
WASHINGTON, March 10.— The cross
examination of Fred A. Martin, a miner,
was continued at the Coeur d' Alene in
vestigation before the House Committee
on Military Affairs to-day. He was close
ly questioned by Representatives Mondell
and Dick as to his presence on the train
which carried the riotous party to Ward
ner. He maintained that he was there by
chance and had no knowledge of or part
In the attack on the mill. He saw some
armed and masked men, but the serious
ness of the situation did not appear to
him until after the mill was blown up.
At one time, he said, an unknown man
pinned a ribbon on his coat, but there was
no explanation of its meaning. From a
distance he saw the explosions and after
ward saw one of the men (Shayne) lying
shot on the road. '*„_.., \ *
The cross-examination of Martin lasted
throughout the day. and was very rigid.
It led to frequent sharp controversies be
tween Representatives Lentz and Sulzer
on one hand and Representatives Hull,
Dick and Mondell on tho other, relative to
the lines of inquiry.
On redirect examination by Lenta the
witness said that in all about 1000 union
miners were taken from work In the
mines and put Into tha "bull pen. He
said the permit system, under which no
man was allowed to go to work unless he
held an official permit, was used to put
non-union men in the mines and to drive
union men out of the country. He said
that at one time, when he- sought a per
mit, he was told to apply to tho Governor,
600 miles away at Boise.
War Department's Telegrams.
Tho War Department has supplied to
tha committee the following correspond
ence in response to requests:
BOISE Idaho, April 29. 1899.— T0 th« Presi
dent, Washington D. C: In pursuance to th«
statute In such case made, I, Frank Steunen
berg Governor of Idaho, the Legislature not
being in session, and It not being possible to
convene It. do hereby apply to the President of
the United States to call forth the military
forces of the United States to suppress Insurrec
tion In Shoshone County. State of Idaho. This
action Is sustained in ! the fact that all th«
available Idaho National Guard volunteered for
service In the Philippines, and' that said county
Is in a state of Insurrection. I am of the opin
ion that at least 500 troops In tha aggregate will
be necessary, but smaller detachments should
be ordered In as rapidly as possible.
FRANK STEUNENBERG,
Governor.
WASHINGTON, April 80, 1899.— Brigadier
General Merrlam, Denver: The Governor of
Idaho reports an Insurrection beyond the power
of the State to control In Shoshone County of
that State. The acting Secretary of "War directs
that you repair at once to the capital of that
State, and, after conferring with the authori
ties there, that you go to the seat of action,
calling: to your aid such troops as may be most
convenient, regardless of department lines, j De
partment commanders will be notified. Tou will
take with you the ' necessary staff officers. The
travel enjoined is necessary for the public serv
ice.
By command of Major General Miles. •'
H. C. CORBIN, Adjutant General.
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT GENER
AL'S OFFICE, WASHINGTON, Aug. 10. 1539.—
Mr. F. W. Bowden, President Grass Valley
Miners' Union, Grass Valley. Cal.— Sir: Your
telegram to the President has been referred to
this office, and I am Instructed by the Secre
tary of War to Inform you that the presence of
troops In Shoshone County, Idaho, Is due to the
request of the Governor of that' State, who
made requisition for same under warrant of
law, April 29. 18?*.- •••••--¦; ~ - - ¦ ¦
The ¦ constitution -end . laws of the .United
States required the President to comply with
this requisition, and . any application of relief
should be made to the Governor of Idaho. Very
respectfully, --" •"' ¦ "«< •
H. C. CORBIN, Adjutant General.
Dr. IJ. R. Lalne has resigned all connec-
tion : with ' the \ College of \ Physicians I and
Bunreons., ,
Cameras and -photo , supplies In artists'
material department at Sanborn; & Vail's,
741 Market streez. .- •
City Evangelization Bally.
.There will fbe a "city evangelization
rally" of all the Christian churches about
the* bajr at the First Christian Church.
Approval of Demands.
The City Attorney; yesterday ¦ filed .an
opinion with . the '; Board of Supervisors ¦' in
which he holds that the demands of 'all
departments except i the Board of Edu
cation . must be approved by the , Board
of Supervisors. The charter gives several
of these •¦ departments the exclusive con
trol of their appropriations," but this does
not lessen * the . force of the ; provisions of
the respecting « audit and* ap«~
proval. the i theory of the law being that
the boards • shall have a double : check on
the expenditures of the : city. ; •
Robin Hood's Banquet.
Court Robin -Hood of; the Ancient Orfer
of Foresters gave its 1900 banquet last
night in an O'Farrell street dlnlng-halll
There were present nearly all the .mem
bers of the court and a number of la
dles,who enjoyed an excellent supper,
after which S." Helns called for response*
to toasts from Messrs.'. Watson." Nicholson,
Wray and' Dr.. Botkin. Between toasts
vocal selections were rendered by Willlan
Fenstermacher, M. Bush and W. Sullivan,
and instrumental selections by Miss Proll.
Knight Templar Courtesy.
An unusual event will • take ; plac« to
morrow night in - the asylum of '• Golden
Gate Cnmmandery; Knights Templar, and
that will be the conferring of the Order
of: the Temple, with all its beautiful cere
monials, by the full corps of officers of
California Commandery . for the visited
commandery. The officers of Golden Gate
Commandery will surrender their respec
tive stations • to , the officers of California,
who will then proceed with 'the work.
Occasionally one officer of one command
ery has assisted In: the conferring of; the
degree for the other commandery, but this
will be the first time In the -history of
Templarlsm in San Francisco that the full
corps ! of one " commandery • has. acted for
another In degree .work., ; v ; ; .: --.:• ..
SCANDINAVIANS DANCE.
Descendants of the Norsemen Cele-
brate With Mirth and Music.
Last nlßht the Scandinavian Society of
San Francisco celebrated Its forty-first
anniversary In the social hall of the Al
cazar building, on O'Farrell street. An
excellent musical and literary programme
was rendered, after which dancing : be
came the order of the evening and con
tinued until the- early, morning, when
everybody went home thoroughly tired
and thoroughly happy.
From Ptart to finish the entertainment
went without a hitch, and for the pleas
ure they received the guests are Indebted
to the following officers >. of > the society
.who had the , arrangements in charge'
Committee. of arrangements— G. Gertson
(chairman). Alfred Olson. E. L. Anderson
William Nelson and Ferdinand Olson* re
ception committee— Oliver Olsen. M Mad
sen, N. P.. Holtum," Andrew Olson" Klaus
Olseo, C. A. Anderson and Charles Erik
eon; floor director, , Gußtav Gertson" as
sistant : floor directors— Axel Johnson C"
ft. Anderson and Charles Johnson.
Henry S. Cahn Not the Defendant.
BAN FRANCISCO, March ». 1900.
Th« suit for the balance of $3000 due ma on a
capital prixe that I won was brought to recover
from Judah Boas, whom alone I hold responsi
ble. $ "¦¦ . :,'
-Henry B. Cahn ha* always met his obligation*
tn an honorable manner. .
He was not a party to the action and la In no
way connected with tbe said defendant. Judah
Boas. ' S. OTSUKA. •
Half Price
ADVERTISEMENTS.
At Railway Collision Sale,
500 pairs ladles' fine tan and black, but
ton or lace, vesting top, all sizes and
styles, worth U and J5, slightly soiled,
for $1 25 a pair. On sale Monday at
Standard Shoe Company, 1029 Market, be
tween Sixth ; and Seventh. (By order of
consignee.) . ; .— . . *
One More Pioneer Passes Away.
One more of the men who came to Cali
fornia In the pioneer days has passed
away. This time it is Thomas Golden,
¦who arrived "in California in . the early
part of 1850 and remained a. permanent
resident of this State and city until the
time of his death, which occurred yester
day at his late residence, 444 Eddy street.
The deceased had been engaged in the un
dertaking business for a number of years,
but recently retired from active life. He
left a family of eight children, two sons
and six daughters. One of the daughters
is a nun In the Dominican Convent. .
Twelfth street, near Mission, this even-
Ing. The meeting will be presided over
by Judge E. A. Brldgeford. president of
the Board of City Evangelization. Ad
dresses will be delivered by Dr. Walter
M. White, pastor of the West Side Chris
tian Church, and Dean S. M. Jefferson of
Berkeley. To-nlghfs meeting will mark
the beginning of a work In San Fran
cisco similar to that of the Christian
churches In the large Eastern cities.
READY FOR FIRST CIVIL
SERVICE EXAMINATION
Former Judge C. W. Slack. F. W. Dohr
mann and ex-Mayor Pond held a confer
ence last Friday evening with the munici
pal Civil Service Commissioners regard
ing the examination for copyists to be
held in the Girls' High School next Wed
nesday evening, upon which occasion the
three gentlemen will act as examiners.
The schedule of credits was approved and
great satisfaction was expressed with the
scheme devised for examination by which
It will be Impossible to discover the iden
tity of the person, whose paper is under
consideration. The Board of Education
has sent out notices to fifty teachers who
are expected to volunteer their assistance
in the handling of the 600 applicants, and
so far twenty have responded.
The Civil Service Commission has Issued
special invitations to all the city and
county officers, including tto Superior
Judges and the members of all the va
rious commissions, the board of directors
of the Merchants' Association and the
'Judges of the Supreme and Federal courts
,to attend the examination next Wednes
day evening and witness the Inaugura
tion of the merit system in the govern
ment of San Francisco. : The gallery at
tached to the auditorium will be open to
the public. It will seat about 600 people,
who will have a good view of the exami
nation chamber.
Mall Orders Filled Promptly.
DISCUSSED THE CAUSE
AND CURE OF POVERTY
The regular monthly meeting of the
Elizabeth Cady Stariton Club waa held
last night at the residence of Mrs. Clara
Shortridge Foltz, 771 Halght street. Th»
subject for discussion was "The Conquest
of Poverty," and a number of members
presented able arguments J regarding the
cause of poverty and its cure. Lew B.
Douglass held that while the conquest of
poverty implied riches, it really consisted
of happiness, and that many were more
wealthy in the possession of little than
the few who measured their riches by the
thousands. Dr. H. Darcy Power, Mrs.
Foltz, Mrs. Dorcas Spencer, Dr. A. Fra
zer and Dr. M. Barnes also took part in
the discussion, which proved highly inter
esting.
During th« evening a paper by
Madge Morris; entitled "Shall Married
Women Hold Salaried Positions While
Single Women Need Employment?" was
read.
818.820 MARKET ST., SAN PRANCISCO.
COLLEGE MEN BANQUET.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity Cel
ebrates the Anniversary of
Founder's 3>ay. .
•The forty-fourth anniversary of Found
er's day was celebrated by Sigma Alpha
'Epsilon Fraternity by a banquet at the
;California Hotel.' Preparations for the
affair had been in progress for some time
arid the' result was a spread that would
have delighted the heart of. Lucullus had
he been fdrtunate enough to have belong
ed to the college, fraternity, and been one
of those present to listen to the strains of
the music and partake of the good things,
liquid and solid,, that had been provided
.for the occasion. .
; Louis S. Beedy acted as toastmaster
and" at- his command the following
epeeches -. were-- de!l\-fcred: "Founder's
JDay," Norwood H. McGilvery; '"Califor
nia Alpha," James F. Lanagan; "Califor
nia Beta,'-' Jt- E. Hyde; "Sißina Alpha Ep-
Bilon at Ann Arbor," Frederick Sherman;
"In College and Out,". Charlps P. Cutton'
"The Freshman," Robert Richie; "The
Alumni." John M. Platt, and "The La
dles," Leo St. Clalr Chandler.
\ These were alhthe set toasts, but there
were so many others delivered that Old
80l himself, was persuaded to arise In time
to listen to the last of the eloquence
Rifle Club Election.
The San ; Francisco ' Schuetzen Vereln,
one of the oldest rifle shooting organiza
tions on the Pacific Coast, held an elec
tion of officers on Friday and the follow
ing were selected: President, F. P. Rath
jens; vice president, George Alpers; re
cording secretary, K. Werthelmer; finan
cial secretary, D. Dunker; treasurer. H.
Koster; trustees, A. Browning, H. F.
Maass and F. Hagemann: shooting mas
ters, H. F. Lilkendey and R. Stettin;
captain, John Thode; first lieutenant, H.
Stelling: . second lieutenant, E. Ipsen;
third lieutenant, D. Salfield; fourth lieu
tenant, Ed H. Goetze; orderly sergeant,
R. Gerhow; leader. H...H. Burfiend: flag
carriers, William Marken and Ed Stehn.
After the election a banquet was held at
which many toaats were offered.
ure of the contractor to get his bond
signed and approved. The contracts on
the carpenter work, held by James Shera,
and the contract for the ironwork, held
by the Standard Iron Works, have been
approved, and the other contracts will be
signed and approved before the men can
go to work under them. The structure is
to be completed by August 15, and there
is no present reason known why it should
not be done. E. C. Hickman is in charge
of the work as superintendent of con
struction.
TEMPLE A WANDERER.
Slayer of Frank Reynolds Has I*ost
All Ambition.
sp»rlal Dispatch to The Call.
SIOUX CITY, lowa. March 10.—Califor
nia doubtless remembers the four expensive
trials of Warren Temple, ending In his be
ing sentenced to the penitentiary at San
Quentin for life. He killed Frank Rey
nolds while the latter was at the table in
the Yosemite Hotel. Stockton. Cal. One
of the last official acts of Governor Water
man was to pardon Temple. That was
some years ago. He Is now in jail in this
city for Intoxication.
Since the cold-blooded killing of. Rey
nolds, Temple has been a wanderer.'arr.b!
tionless and homeless. He still declares
he is not Borrv that he slew Reynolds, for
the latter had inveigled his young sister,
his eacred charge left by his dying:
parents into a mock marriage and then
deserted her. He vowed to kill her be
trayer, and claims to have followed him
through Europe and back to this country,
spending a good fortune, left him in pur
suit of vengeance.
Razing the El Capitan.
Pp*cial DlJ>pafeh to The Call. , .£,¦ ..« -V
MERCED, -March 10.— The contract for
the razing of the famous El Capitan Ho
tel was let to W. H. McElroy of thl3 city
for $1750, and work was' commenced thl3
morning According to the terms of the
contract the building must be removed by
May 1, as the Southern ' Pacific Company
intends to erect a new depot- on the site
occupied at present by the hotel. This ho
tel, once so popular with the Yosemlte
tourists, was built -and 'furnished In • 1874
by the Pacific Improvement Company at
a cost of over JlOO.OOO, and a' fe,w months
ngo was sold to a syndicate, for $2500, with
the understanding that it was to be re
moved from its present location before the
Ist of May. 1900. . .-• , : .
NEW RESTING PLACE
FOR LINCOLN'S BODY
Placed in a Temporary Vault -Pend
ing Beconstruction of the
Monument.
SPRINGFIELD, IIL. March 10.— The re
mains of Abraham Lincoln were this
morning transferred from the crypt of the
National Lincoln Monument to a tem
porary vault jupt north of the monument
and on the brow of the. hill overlooking
Ciakridge Onietery. The removal of the
body was made necessary by the demoli
tion of the monument preparatory to its
entire reconstruction on a different plan,
for which SJOO.OOO jva« appropriated by the
legislature.
¦ The ceremonies attending the transfer
¦were very informal. State Treasurer
WhittPmore and Superintendent of Public
Instruction Bayliss, representing the p:«»s
trct board of trustees of the monument,
crltaessed the removal of the casket In
fh<»Jr official capacity, and the Lincoln
Monument Association, the Lincoln Gunrd
of Honor and the Grand Army of the re
public were .represented. None of tht rela
tives of tfce dead President were there.
When the c«*iar box containing the metal
lic cafket was exposed to' view Jt was
found to be In a state of decay, and in a
fpw years more it would have entirely
rotted away. This is due to the moisture
which has found its way Into the concrete
masonry which formed a covering for the
casket. The casket Itself was not opened,
that ceremony being postponed until the
remains are placed in their final restir;*
place upon th<» completion of the new
monument. Th? temporary vault prepared
for the casket is twelve feet square and .«
constructed with double dorks, thus insur
ing room for the six bodies now under tho
monument.
Work on Normal School.
Ep^ia! DiFpateh to The Call.
=AN DIEGO, March 10.— Work on the
r. a *st wing of the State Normal School lo
r-atcd h«-r<* has b#*en commenced by John
FJn*v«»s the contractor who haa the con
tract 'for the brickwork. The contract
n-Tco of tho structure, exclusive of the
ff-Ufng plant is $39,700. and Mr. Hayes
has the brickwork for WX The con
tract was let some weeks ago but there
hi« wn a delay on account of the fail-
RAVAGES OF TYPHOID
FEVER AT DAWSON
Official Report From Vice-Consul
Morrison Announces Increasing
Mortality.
WASHINGTON. March lO.^Under date
of Dawson City, January 14, Vice Consul
Morrison reports that nineteen expeditions'
have left Dawson for Cape Nome since
December 6, and as soon as the weather
moderates many more will start. The
population of Dawson is 6000 less than last
year. Late news from Nome confirms the
reports of the richness of the district and
announces new' finds in the interior, but
lack of fuel prohibits these being worked
in winter. Typhoid fever has appeared
with increasing mortality.
In Dawson the revenue from liquor per
mitß for the year is placed at $100,000. Sa
loon licenses are worth $2500 per annum.
Prices are still up. The profits on drugs
are placed at 300 per cent, groceries at 2'K)
per cent, hardware 400 per cent. Beer 1«
worth $100 a barrel and whisky $40 to $60
per gallon. Owing to the Hooding of the
mines the gold output may be kept down.
It is estimated that between $25,000,000 and
$30,000,000 will comprise the output for the
Dawson district.
Old Man Shoots Himself.
SACRAMENTO, March 10.— An old man
named David Callaway committed suicide
to-day by shooting on Wood Island, op
posite Rio Vista. He had been In ill health
for a long time.
CONTINENTAL LEAGUE
ELECTS OFFICERS
Arrangements of the Club to Parti
cipate in the Coming
Campaign.
The Continental League, which has dono
valuable service in the political field dur
ing the past six years, is getting ready to
render a repetition of its work for tho Re
publican party. At the last meeting of
the league, on Wednesday evening, March
7 the following officers were unanimously
elected, for the ensuing year:
President, Frank D. Worth; first vice presi
dent, B. L.. McKlnley; second vice president.
"VV. J. Herrin; recording secretary, Hamilton
J. Ringing; financial secretary, Henry S. Lln
nell; treasurer, William McKenzle; sergeant at
arms. F. W. Melnhardt.
Executive committee— Marshall B. Wood
worth, chairman; L. A. Gibbons, A. A.
Louderback, George S. Graham, E. G. Knapp,
Finance committee— A. J. Vinlng. chair
man; Dr. F. G. Dalrd, A. W. Leichtl. Charles
H. Jacob, Phlr.eas D. Hayes. •
Membership committee — B. L. Hasseltlne,
chairman; August Stoli, W. K. Johnson.
The report of the secretary showed that
the league was In a most prosperous con
dition, being entirely free from debt an-i
having a good surplus in the treasury.
The new members gained during the year
just passed numbered thirty-eight, mak
ing a total membership' to date of 17C0.
Negotiations are now pending for new
downtown headquarters, which will be
opened at an early date. - After the meet
ing the newly 'elected officers tendered re
freshments :to the league members, and
many plans were submitted by tho6e pres
ent looking forward to a large amount of
hard work to be accomplished during tho
coming campaign. / . ; .'.-vV^-" "•'£¦'';
ALTA'S ANNIVERSARY.
The Members Enjoy a Burlesque Pro
gramme and a Collation.
AKa Parlor of the Native Daughters of
the Golden West celebrated the thirteenth
anniversary of its institution last evening
by an "at home" for members of the par
lor only and by a collation after a rro
gramme of entertainment. There were
several numbers by young ladies of the
parlor, who assumed well-known charac
ters and their costumes. Mme. Melba fa
vored with a ballad: May Hampton and
Rose Coghlan appeared in a sketch enti
tled "Friendly Neighbors": the Conlon
brothers amused with a dialect sketch;
the scene "Svengall and Trilby." with the
song "Don't You Remember," was then
given; Dinah Brown gave a temperance
lecture; Professor Mlllerinl walked the
tightrope: the black Burtons favored with
vocal selections; Edith Mason warbled
grand opera, and then followed an amazon
march in bloomer costume by twenty of
the members. The burlesque programme
was under the direction of Miss Mamia
Richter, Miss Lizzie Sullivan, Miss Mollis
O'Connor, Miss L. Brackett, Miss Emma
Morse and Miss A. Brown. Miss Mabel
Miller, the" president, was th© directress of
ceremonies.
YOU will be delighted and surprised
when you Bee the beautiful bar-
gains we have placed on sale.
LOOK AT THE PRICES.
Bromley Reversible Rugs — 9x6... 57.25
Bromley Reversible Rugs — 10x7.6'. ..'..'.''
$9.50
Bromley Reversible Rugs — 12x0
$14.25
Genuine Auerbach German Rugs —
6.6x4.5 $12.50
50 Made-Up Carpets... $7.00 up
CARPET BARGAINS.
,t, t Prices that place high-grade .Carpets
and Floor Coverings in your homes at
a trirUrsg expense and that will delight
the intelligent buyer who appreciates a
pood bargain.
I Remodeling
Ms Over
but our extraordinary
low prices continue!
SAMUEL P. WARREN. A
MINING MAN, MISSING
Disappointment Drove Him to Drink
and It Is Feared That He Has
Met With an Accident.
Samuel Perkins "Warren, a mining man
well known in California and Nevada, Is
missing, and his friends fear that he has
become the victim of foul play or acci
dent. He was largely. Interested In the
Gold and Silver Crown mine of Nevada,
and several months ago he returned from
London, whither he had gone to dispose
of the property. It is said that he suc
ceeded in finding persons who were will-
Ing to buy the mine upon certain condi
tions; but that when he got back his part
ners would not agree to the terms, and
the sale went by default.
, Mr. Warren was very much disappoint,
ed over the outcome. He was financially
embarrassed and took to drink. He dis
appeared last Thursday morning and no
tidings have been received from him
since. Charles T. Warren, one of his sons,
who is in business at 12 Montgomery
street, called upon Coroner Cole yesterday
and left a description of the missing man.
He Is 56 years old, 5 feet 7 inches tall,
weighs about ISS pounds- and has light
complexion and blue eyes, with light red
mustache and gray hair. ' He wore a black
cutaway suit with stiff Derby hat and
gray woolen shirt.
SPRING GOODS.
ADVERTISE W B NTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,' MARCH 11 , 1900.
MTSCELLAITEO FS.^ , '_ '_ '_ : ¦ .- ¦ Vj
fIPTTf gj#rf Resistless Attractions far
fUt^j^Miyb: ff Prudent Buyers. .
~^B^t*3"/?V?4 «-"*¦>""!?£( y^^^"^ / r \\¥>S>i3!Ks&£fc^' No arhountof arg undent Will more' tend to
f'fc^g^^L^-^/\S^/X.- /^kp^^ Prove tbe correctness of the abovs state-
¦g^TTr^v^-^^) m~ 'iy \^*^^y XI /\ao ment than a sirople inspection of our; roammotf)
Dy- 8*"""""^8 *"""""^ / \" V 'IYI-lfa store. presentlQg in its picturesque array the roost
}h ( \ X ./ corrjplete and diversified aspect that It b°s ever
*^>» KP ' 'ir bee " y ° ur deli9bt to behold: ' '¦'- :i ''
— - I "T^^^^^(. FURNITURE EXPOSITION BUILDING, \
$£Z rtS^Tf " 3 ~~^^^| ZT $ BLOCK: 16TH ST., FROM MISSION TO CAPP.
?\ 'l^^i&K \o2r tf\ii>"'sff^r^aea*A 18.75 * or $ 2^°° library easy chair, with
j\i I! A ¦_!$ ° ' * u P n pls tere cl leather seat and back,
*&&»* fiZf&JX&^e^^tt&Zr*^ HTTTW/y finished in Flemish or golden oak.
. , -n [[HUM 23 00 for $30.00 antique or golden oak
3.00, 'or $5.25 mah. and golden oak desk A-jH [j V finished pillar extension -table,
chairs for ladies-highly polished. . ¦ n^-M \\ 111 M round top, massive design.... ¦
1»A nn t « r li I/V IY4 0 7^ for $14.00. 501 id oak dresser,; with
: 26.00 |ot i\|| mm r$ : v./s krg * g evd plate mlrror _
?£si:C' s !^ solid mahog- DP F Sfcßfl! 11.75 for $16.00 bookcase, with double
811*1551 Mm mtpmm lllM a °y dev " cn - "^Siißa"" * lass " d ° or; : ' i " ' : ;
[ißMSilPaifZlSiSFHl*^ 'I 1 P ort covere<i X 3 R~ ~r^Vj I" 5 75 for $ l8 -°° dining-room table made
;'i?fU-4^*xa|s»s^%^^iy4l {', I in shade A ~- ff _J\ ' ffi Bu/:, * of extra selected quarter-sawed
'-21 *lt# -sT^ST^* 2.25 t° r li^^^H^Pr 22 50 for 530.00 polished oak china cab-
IplHlrH^Hiiß Ifill Ilt«l i S dr*^^ BJv ' met, with double bent glass ends.
?olid Mkfc. '¦ ¦ - tg/ - 1475' for $19-25 hkndsome hall j tree-
mg :ro om This rocker $2.75. *^*' new design— highly, polished.
This davenport $26. •.. mad"' 1-*n d 15.75 for $21.00 hair filled couch— sold with our guarantee.
finished • ¦ >: ' ¦ ¦ : i ; ; 1
10 50 fo »" 5i5-oo Flemish or golden ; oak : fin- 16.75 for: 55 2 3°° three-piece handsome inlaid and nicely .; uphol-
ishcd hanging plate racks. • - : stered parlor suite. ;
19INCENDIARISM RAMPANT.
Sixty Sugar Plantations Fired by
Barbadoes Negroes.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, March 10. — Incen
diarism Is rampant in IJarbadoes. Within
clx weeks sixty sugar plantations have
been set on fire by negroes and fears are
entertained for the safety of the city of
Bridgetown. Negroes are starving and
lawless In the small island with its re
dundant population and the situation Is
grave.
Metal Initials or name stamped In gold
free of charge on all leather goods pur-
chased at Sanborn & Tail's, 741 Market. *
%^»^CCnEbS^ Gleet, S p« r m at or r ha-J
/SS^'a l t»6««j*. TS «tit»», ODctturil diS
J&jfif QtMnau*& 3 rtarge«. or any lnflrtima-
fi**»Z BMtomiietm. lion. ,irrii«tlon or ulcrr*.
g> 4frtT»cM CTouglen. tion «•* onconi mem-
BTra^tEyAKS CutyiC'l Ro. brane*. Koa-Mtrincenfc
>4^. c:KatnuTi.o .fcgtffi ¦ old *t Oruntat*,
€v\ U. "- a. >W jr ««-nt in plain vripror
«¦ Qlrcaiax scat <j* nisttk.
BiBWAFS KIiADV KEUt*' haa atood
unrivaled before tbe public for 60 yeara a« a
I'tin Remedy. It instantly rellevea and quickly
cures ail Colds. Sore Throats, InSuenza. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and all pains. Internally
lor UkUrSi aad all L'sxvel Pains. All druggists.
COAST 111 Vision CWrim Uaiige).
(Foot «.f Uarkct Street.)
GOLO SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL. Gold Favlnc Machine. tSi Fol-
eom etiwt. Oriental Gas Enitlne Company.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
EAVKS fine cold. 'In flallr operation at 254
Beale *t.. Ean Francisco.
wmrTiir.itM pacific cojipaxt.
(PACIFIC! SYMTKM.)
Tmfitv l*Hf p nucl »re «n© !• Hrrlf • >1
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PU.MPS:
1/DrtrU Sand Centrifugal Pump*, DraVe
M\Uun Amalgamator*. In operation dai-
ly. » Stevenson st., San Francisco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
PROMPT ACTION
IS DESIRED ON
FRENCH TREATY
Wished That It Become a
Law Before Congress
Adjourns.
This Would Give American Exhibit
ors an Opportunity to Receive
Return Benefits From Dis
plays at Exposition.
— • —
¦WASHINGTON, March 10.— While the
State Department has not finally arranged
with the French Government for an ex
tension of the time allowed for the rati
fication of the pending French reciprocity
treaty, it is said at the department that
there is no doubt that such an arrange
ment can be effected.
Regarding the probable length of the ex
tension, it may be stated that although
willing to yield to the pressure of more
urgent legislative business in the Senate
the administration is particularly anxious
to secure action upon the treaty brfore
the expiration of the present session of
Congress. The principal reason for urg
ing j-uch action is a desire to secure to tho
American exhibitors at the approaching
Paris Exposition some substantial trad<>
benefits in return for the large amount of
money which Is to be invested in that en
terprise by the United States Government
and the exhibitors themselves. The de
partment officials will also urge upon the
Senate that the ratification of the treaty
during the present session will place in
their hands a powerful weapon with which
to meet the dangerous aggressions of the
German Reichstag upon American com
merce, as evidenced in the action tak*.n la
that body on the meat inspection bill.
Our Government has as yet taken no
cognizance officially of the progress of the
meat bill in the German legislative branch,
and it has been, of course, impossible for
the officials privately to Ignore the fact
that the Agrarian element has defentefi
the German executive as it stands and
that the meat bill had been adopted in the
most offensive form from our standpoint.
Therefore the officials have already been
considering what steps should be taken tj
protect our interests in the event that the
measure is finally approved In Its present
form by the Bundesrath and bo become
the law of Germany.
While there is ample authority in tho
statute books for the most severe retali
ation, it may be stated that the official
m!nd is disposed to seek still another
measure of power, and there is now In
contemplation the recommendation of leg
islation which will impose a heavy dis
criminating tax upon the shipping of any
country that unjustly discriminates
against American products.
DRESS DEPARTMENT— TRADE WINNERS.
ARRIVAL NEW SPRING FABRICS.
36-inch Ail-Wool CamePs-Hair Plaid.. 50c a yard
48-inch French Skirting Plaids $1.00 a yard
Cloth Skirting Plaids $1.50 a yard
35 JACKETS, regular value $3.50 95c each
50 JACKETS, regular value $5.00, $6.00 and
$7.50 $1.95 each
45 JACKETS, regular value $7.50, $8.50 and
$10 $2.50 each
75 JACKETS, regular value $10 and $12.50
$3.50 each
25 TAILOR-MADE SUITS, regular value $7.50
$4.50 suit
30 TAILOR-MADE SUITS, regular value $15,
$17.50 and $20, at $10 Suit
25 dozen LADIES' CALICO WRAPPERS, regu-
lar price $1.00, now 60c each
65 dozen LADIES' CALICO WRAPPERS, regu-
lar price $1.50, now $1.00 each
45 LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, regular value $1.50,
now 95c each
65 LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, regular value $3.00,
now $1.75 each
50 LADIES 1 DRESS SKIRTS, regular value $4.00,
$5.00 and $6.00, now $2.50 each
cUCLEARANCEM
Jackets, Suits, Capes,
Skirts i and Wrappers.
ATTRACTIVE PRICES! RELIABLE GOODS!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•"\ ¦'. . ADVEBTISEMENTa. ; .'
Wpß/H/r ssssssi^ssß WM BB Hbbbbbblßbbb^bbl sBUvB ISl^H^^H 19 Ksbbbbl B P^fl HH^^ass^sK tsss^sl^^
J^ ImH BBBBBBsI BBBBBBsI sWul l^H B^s9 CVV BBBBBsI BBBsB Bl fUVSV H BBB^sl BB MF» 3Kj HH BB
. • .We are the only physicians on the Pacific Coast who cum «»"^"/^^ff^ O ISrM. eX W™»3roS
Tv> conduct the largest medical institution and have the most "tensive "c" e l medles are carefully
the use of all mineral poisonous or dangerous drugs and electric Dens, au
compounded in our private laboratory, without cost to our patients.
PAY WHEN WELL-NO INCURABLE CASES TAKEN AT ANY PRJCL,
. ly installments. It requires confidence, backed up by ability, to make such an oner.
will undertake a cure on these conditions. Could any one make a fairer proposition. | _
v^*^ %m/ir r^ITDP
/ uS*r J^ZStt wS3 9^v& ft^St^SS "mf^f^f3Sy^ vM \ Nervous I>ebility Blood. DiseEses
I VI '.n ITS W^tZ^WJ iPrivats Dis«ascs Skin Disease*
1. ¦^^ jo 0 ' ¦ o 0^ 7 " Cancer Lungf Diseases
X^ J^ST^ Sidney Diseases Bectal Diseases
WHY WE SUCCEED WHEN OTHER DOCTORS FAIL TO CDRE.
Every member of our «taff !¦ a specialist of lonr experience In curtn* men. Oar orlrlnal metkodo*
treatment checks all wasting- of the flesh, builds up the nerve tissues, creates sound and refresntn* sieepv
removes pain, makes the weak strong and banishes symptoms arising* from violations 01 tno law» oc
nature. We are not only more experienced, but we are better equipped than any other doctors.
Boms Cores. Important Questions. Fres Private Book.
Although it is prefer- Do you feel weak? Have you head- Our little book contains
able to see the patients in .^.l r> n yon , h , ln ««H<»tv? im •• great deal of valuabla
many instances. It is not »-cne society 7 Ans ;nformatlon tor men.
always necessary. If you S<JU losing flesh? Do you sleep poor- young or old. sick or well,
cannot call, write for ly? Are you low-spirited? Are your married or single. It elves
diagnosis sheets, free ad- eves sunken* Do yon hnv« hnt good advice, and explains
vice and other partlcu- e f, 8^ nX f n - uo > ou navo n « the mysteries of married
lars. All letters confiden- flushes? Are you easily exhausted? ufe> et £. Sent sealed with-
tial. No printing on en- Is your memory impaired? Do you out charge to men. Boys
velopes or packages to in- have sick headache? Is there naseau need not apply,
dicate name of sender. after eating? Do your hands and DR. MEYERS & CO/9
Cures cent by mail or ex- feet sweat? Are you unfit for mar- celebrated treatment
press, free from observa- riage? Has the brightness left your leaves no Injurious ef-
tlon. eyes? fecta. '
DR. MEYERS &Ca 731
OTIS FAST
EXTENDING
CIVIL RULE
Not Waiting for the Arrival
of the Philippine Com
mission.
PLAN FOR NEW GOVERNMENT
?
Manila Lawyer Hade President of- a
Board Detailed to Formulate
. the System to Be
Instituted.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— Without
awaiting- the arrival of the new Philip
pine Commission, General Otis is pressing
forward with the installation of civil gov
ernments in tho various districts of the
Philippines. Last August ho established
municipal governments In towns within
the limits of the United States occupa
tion. Now he has taken steps to provide
a more systematic and orthodox system
of government. He has appointed a
board headed by tho brightest and
most acute lawyer" in tho Philippines,
Cayetano Arellano, and Including some
experienced army officers, to carry out
his project- This is set out In tho follow
ing order issued by General Otla, and
dated Manila, January 23, Just received
here:
It belnr necessary and expedient at the pres
ent time to develop the abridged form of muni
cipal government announced in general orders
No. 48 of August S last, from the headquarters
of the Department of the Pacific and Eighth
Army Corps, and prescribed to meet the tem
porary requirements of towns of the Philip
pines which should be rescued from the control
of armed insurgents— a labor which, under
present circumstances, requires careful consid
eration and mature deliberation, and in which
the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and
the Attorney General of the Islands have upon
request consented to render assistance — a board
1b hereby called to take the subject under
advisement and deliberation and to formulate
and pass upon as soon as practicable a form
of municipal government which shall meet re
quirements and which shall be as liberal In
character as existing conditions permit.
Detail for the board— His Honor Cayetano
Arellano, president; Hon. Don Florentino Tor
res, Attorney General of the Islands; Lieuten
ant Colonel C. H. Crowder. Thirty-ninth In
fantry. Assistant Justice of the Civil Branch
of the Audencia; Hon. R. W. Young, Assist
ant Justice of the Criminal Branch of the Au
dencia; Lieutenant Colonel T. R. Hamer,
Thirty-seventh Infantry. Assistant Justice of
the Criminal Branch of the Audencia.
SUCCESS OF KOBBE
IN SOUTHERN LUZON
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
SORSOGON, Southern Luzon, January
20.— Two days ago a military expedition
of some 2500 American troops, under Gen
eral Kobbe, left Manila and proceeded
on several steamships to the southern
end of Luzon Island, there to occupy and
permanently garrison six seacoast towns
and villages. Up to the present time
three such towns have come under the
American flag and the control of Ameri
can army officers and no one has been
hurt on either side. Two or three more
places remain to be garrisoned down here
and then the expedition will proceed to
Samara and Leyto, there to occupy and
hold the principal towns of these neigh
boring islands. .
General Kobbe's command is composed
of the Forty-third and Forty-seventh
United States Volunteer Infantry and
Captain Randolph's Battery of the Third
Artillery. These troops were loaded upon
the transports Hancock and Garonne and
the local steamers Venus, Aerolus, Sal
vadora and Castellano. Convoyed by the
gunboat Nashville, the expedition left
Manila on January 18 and slowly steamed
down the coast to the entrance of the
deep bay that leads from the sea up to
the town of Sorsogon, near the southern
extremity of Luzon. On the morning of
January 20 we met the gunboat Helena
and the little Maraveles. The three war
ships leading the transports in single file,
the whole expedition slowly proceeded up
Sorsogon Bay. -
There has followed us from Manila a
sldewheel steamer called the Nunez, with
a serviceable draft of six feet. Her use
and value now became apparent. Two
companies of the Korty-seventh were
loaded into eight of the Hancock's pull
boats and two more companies passed
aboard the Nunez. Then the Nunez tow
ed the whole outfit toward Sorsogon, still
eight miles up the bay.
White Flags Flying.
After an hour and a half the small
boats arrived oft Sorsogon and we saw
the town was decorated with white and
American flags. The Helena, the Nash
ville and the Maraveles had preceded the
Nunez and her boats to Sorsogon and
were anchored In front of the town.
General Kobbe and Captain Darlel, Col
onel Howe of the Forty-seventh, Captain
Bradley of the Hancock and Lieutenant
Kobbe, the general's son, were on board
the Maraveles. This gunboat steamed
close to the wharf In front of the stone
warehouses along the water front, and a
pull-boat set the party on shore. They
were met by a number of natives and
Spaniards, while crowds of the villagers
stood and gaped in wonder and curiosity
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; irt\es health - and
strensth to sexual organs. - Depot. - 323 Market.
ISEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNT AND WASHINOTOV st*7 ib.
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Ean Francisco via • Sausallto Ferry. :
"Week Day 5 ............ ..9:80 a,~ m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays 8:0O.'10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p.m.
. Steam-heated, closed car on all trains. ' .
- Fare— Saa Francisco to Summit and Return.
FURNITURE BUYERS !
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
IN ALL LINES OF •
FURNITCRK. CARrETS. LJNOL-EtPiS.
MATTINGS. ETC.,
From 10 to 20 per cent on account of enlarging
store. Must wake room for new roods. Try
my : credit system. The only liberal credit
bouse on the Coast. -- ¦
Estimates given on complete housefumlshlng.
Prices lower than ever.
T.JBRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
• Bet.' Powell and Stockton sts.
Open ; evenlnn*4£vwltti£s£3@i3Jii^BHo>jVHH
•Free delivery Oakland and Mburba.
Invitations extended
To all ladles that wish to wear nice
shoes. To-morrow you can buy ladies'
vesting top, hand-sewed lace shoes for
$173 a pair, worth $3 60. This Is the very
best of all the good opportunities that
were offered at the sale of shoes, 717 Mar
ket street, near Third. •
COAST I>l VISION <Rroa<l(.'aace).
(I hlr.l ¦»,«! Townacml St».)
NEW THROUGH CABLING
CHICAGO,
VIA
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
AND CONNECTIONS. "^
LEA VINO SAN rRANCISCO DAttT.
8:30 A. 11. and 6:30 P. J£.
Effective February 28. l»o
Get Information of Southern Paclflo tiekaa
asents or * -«.«•» "«»
GENERAL. OFFICE. 14 MontKomwy at.
DMALL'S KELNYIGORATOBj£^ggj
Five liur.ired reward for any ajr^
c&*e we cannot cure. This secret f» **NX
remedy stops all losses In 24 fi ' Bj
liuurs. curca Emissions. Impo- aZ2 [Krf
icncy. Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, Wilfl
tJJeet. Flu. Strictures. Lost -M4| Wjtjr
Manhood and all wasting effects *r*SL_ESII
t>l self-abuse cr excesses. Sent
«ea!ed. S2 bottle; 3 bottles $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
HTITirTE. tZA Krnadwar, Oakland, Cal. Also
lor sale at IHXsi Market «t.. H. F. AH private
dleeares quickly cured. Send for free book.
TENTS AND v OVERS.
NEVILLE & CO.. manufacturers, bars, tents,
coven. SI and 33 California st.
V. & F. BUILOING PAPER.
Wind. «at»r and vermin proof. Prepared
rocflr.R. tIJ Xew Montgomery st. •¦--.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
CAKEIt & HAMILTON. Enprlnes and Boilers;
lowest prices or the coast. Pine & Davis eu.
T2CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running: and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves Sax Fkanciscoi
6 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and '
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
f VDDf S<i P* m ' with Palace and Tourist
ruiiv cars ior Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains t»etween Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tnlare nr\ a n
and Bakersficld. KOAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 628
TPISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Main
TKISCU J»UUN 1S31; Oakland, 1118 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
PUMPS AND GASOLINE ENGINES.
All kinds of Pumps and Gasoline Engines.
WOODIN & KITTLE. Jl2 Market St.. S. F.
PILE-DRIVING ENGINES.
Worth!nKt r m Pteam Pumps A Water Meters.
Mundy Hoisting Engines. Tatum & Bowen.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to. all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the menuil and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all tho ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to th»
State Medical Institute, 32S Elektron
building. Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will 'be complied with promptly. Tho
Institute is desirous' of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Fupply fresh or salt water for rlulce boxes;
hlrh or low lifts. Kiznonde, 33 Market sL
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
D'EDGI'G PUMPS.
OH. GasoMne. Steam Hoists. Centrlfural Pumps,
Enpineu&Boilers. HendyMach.Wks..4O Fremont.
Ij lf ij Hj
iIYCIu
BICYCLES!
Here's a chance for boys and girls to
earn bicycles, clothing, musical Instru-
ments, baseball goods and footballs,
books, cameras and kodaks, etc, etc., by
getting subscriptions to Town Talk. Even
for one yearly subscription valuable pre-
miums will be given. For twenty yearly
subscriptions a tourist wheel is offered.
For thirty-two yearly subscriptions a $40
Steams. For forty yearly subscriptions a
$50 Steams wheel. All of these wheels
are 1900 models, with all the latest im-
provements. ' Two six months' subscrip-
tions, four three month or twelve one
month count as one yearly subscription.
Any boy or girl can soon earn a wheel
or some other equally valuable premium.
This offer applies to the country as wpII
as the city. Call or send to the office for
a premium list, sample copies and sub-
scription blanks. ¦'••!
Town Talk
40 ELLIS ST.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BT'RNHAM-STANDEFOUD CO.. Washington
and let ets.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. F.
PLATES FO3 SAVINO GOLO.
Fr-tiaezleln & BurrMce. 3 Hardle place, oft
K^arny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
OILS.
r.T*BP.irATINa Oil, Crude Oil and Gasoline.
ENSIGN & McGL'FFICK. 23 Spear ft.. S. F.
GASOLINE ENGINES.
HKRTI^S GAS ENGINE WORKS It fllllnu
rear.y orders for Nome. 141-143 First tu. S. F.
California Limited
Santa Pc Route
EOS* GOLD SAVER.
Man pump*, water operate* machine, works
3 ton« rer hr.. saves 95 p.c. free Bold. 129 First.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LESSEH
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon F«rry. Foot of Marfc«e Si
SA2T FRANCISCO TO SAN RAKAJEI*
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. »:00. ll:0O a. m.: 13:«5.
S:3O 6:10, (:3a p. m. Thursday*— Extra trt»
at 11:30 D. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at V.IM
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8:0O. 9:JO, 11:0* a, m.; IM. S:3t
»:00. «;20 p. ra.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:I». 7:60. 9:». 11:10 a. m.: 12:0.
3:40. 6:10 t>. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at
1:55 and 8:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8:l». 9:40. Uil* a. m.; V.*9, 1:40. I -.ML.
«:23 p. m
Between San Franc!ioo and Schuetsen T%tM
same achedul« as *boy«.
BEACH GOLD CO>CENTRATOR.
6AVES All the Gold by Gravitation. No qulclt-
•llv^r. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In ODeratton Dally, C 3 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
C CURTIN,
911 and 913 Market St.
SILK DEPARTMENT.
24-Inch All-Silk Taffetas, all colors. . .50c a yard
Full line New Hemstitched Silks, for waists and
trimmings, in all the new colors, at $1.00 a yd
TWO= BBSS =TRAINS
Knickerbocker •
Cnartai Noonda y
J[/CUdi Train From
f NEW YORK.
ST- LOUIS to - J ISffalo.
(CINCINNATI.
Via Big Four Route and
New York Central Railway.
HO TUNNEL AT ST. LOUIS.
NO FERRY AT NEW YORK.
STOP AT NIAGARA FALLS.
White City
JpCCUii From P * m "
, CINCINNATI.
\ WASHINGTON.
CHICAGO t0 \ BALTIMORE.
( PHILADELPHIA.
x NEW YORK.
Via Big Four Route and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTON C. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Agent.
TO THE EAST
THROUGH FIRST-CLASS PULLMAN SLEEPERS NOW IN SERVICE
Between San Francisco a,7id Chicago
Via Southern Pacific — Rio Grande Western
Denver and Rio Grande (Scenic Route) and
Greafßgck Island c ßpute
GRANDEST SCENIC TRIP IN THE WORLD
THE COLORADO ROCKIES CROSSED <BY VAYUGHT.
Pullman's Finest Broad Vestibuled Sleepers
Leaving San Francisco Dally at 8:30 A. M. on
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC LIMITED
(Westbound cars carried on same train). "
. . . . DINING CAR SERVICE THROUGH— BUFFET LIBRARY CARS
CLINTON JONES, Gen'l Agt., 624 Market St, San Francisco, Cau
JOHN SEBASTIAN, G. P. A., Chicago.
BATLROAD TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ONLY A SUGGESTION,
But It Has Proven of Interest and
Value to Thousands.
Common sense would suggest that If
one wishes to become fleshy and plump
it can only result from the food we eat
and digest and that food should be al-
buminous or flesh forming food, like
eggs, beefsteak and cereals; in other
words the kinds of food that make flesh
are the foods which form the greater
part of our daily bills of fare.
But the trouble is that while we eat
enough and generally too much, the
stomach, from abuse and overwork, does
not properly digest and assimilate it,
which is the reason so many people re-
main thin and under weight: the diges-
tive organs do not completely digest the
flesh forming beefsteak and eggs and
similar wholesome food.
There are thousands of such who are
really confirmed dyspeptics, although
they may have no particular pain or in-
convenience from their stomachs.,
If 6uch persons would . lay their preju-
dices aside and make a regular practice
of taking, after each meal, one or two
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets the . food
would be quickly and thoroughly digest-
ed, because these tablets contain the nat-
ural peptones and diastase which every
weak stomach lacks, and by supplying
this want the stomach is soon enabled to
regain its natural tone and vigor.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets digest every
form of flesh-forming food, meat, eggs,
bread and potatoes, and this is the rea-
son they so quickly build up, strengthen
and invigorate thin, dyspeptic men,
women and children.
Invalids and children, even the most
delicate, use them with marked benefit
as they contain no strong, j irritating
drugs, no cathartic nor any harmful in-
gredient.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the most
successful and most widely known of any
remedy for stomach troubles because they
are the most reasonable and scientific of
modern medicines.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by
every druggist in tho United States and
Canada as well as in Great Britain, at 50
cents for complete treatment.
Nothing further Is required to cure any
stomach trouble or to make thin, nerv-
ous, dyspeptic people strong, plump and
¦well. '-.- ":¦-
SPECIALS!
75 pieces 40-inch Extra Heavy All-wool English
Cheviot, in navy blue only *.50c a yard
52-inch French Broadcloth, value $1.25, special
95c a yard
60-inch Clay Worsted Suitings for tailor-made
. garments, our quality, special at 51. 45 ayd
CLOAK AND SUIT ANNOUNCEMENT!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^ MARCH 1 1, 1900.
It was their first sight of Americans.
Only three days ago the Tagalo leaders
had convincingly told them that Agul
naldo had ; driven us ¦ out of - Manila and
held us prisoners upon vessels in Manila
Bay. The Spaniards told General Kobbe
that the insurgent forces had evacuated
the town. that morning, whereupon Col
onel Howe, with an American flag under
his arm and accompanied by an orderly,
walked rapidly across the square in front
of the church and raised the flag upon a
pole facing a building that had the ap
pearance of a barracks.
The soldiers from the Nunez were land
ed on the wharf and marched up into
town. The people seemed indifferent to
our presence, their only visible charac
teristic being curiosity. All day long, they
looked at the Americans from street cor
ners, doorways and second-story windows
and several times crowds of ; the curious
had to be dispersed from In front of
Colonel Howe's headquarters.
Suffered From the Blockade.
There were several Spaniards in town
and from them was learned something
of the recent happenings on shore. Sor
sogon Is an important shipping port and
a district capital. It has, like th*» rest
of this coast and the islands of Samar
and Leyte, been blockaded by our ves
sels since' August last and consequently
its people have suffered from the lack of
varieties of food. They seemed to have
had sufficient rice, fish and bananas,
which- is the diet of the poorer classes,
but all such comestibles as come from
Manila had long since been exhausted.
The Spaniards said they were very glad
to see us and they hoped for the fin
mediate re-establishment of commercial
relations with Manila. It seems there
had been stationed in Sorsogon about 300
Tagalo soldiers, under the command of
Colonel Leon Paras. There ,were only
one hundred rifles In the command, how
ever, and wo were told they had littlo
ammunition.
The Spaniards had been uniformly well
treated by the Filipinos and there had
been no official Imposition or Injustice.
The Spaniards were allowed every liberty
end they averred that travel In the coun
try had been safe at all times. The town
and the province had been ruled by the
Tagalo leaders and such civil forces as
they established were directly under the
control of the military and acted for
them. There have never been any Span
ish prisoners in the province of SonogSn
and all Spanish friars and priests were
driven away more than a year ago. The
churches are now occupied and services
conducted by the native clergy.
The natives of Southern Luzon are
called Vicols. They seem to be a quiet
and peaceful people, unlikely to give
trouble if Tagalo influence be removed
from them, and they are apparently more
anxious to be let alone to grow small
crops than to fight and die for the Agu
inaldo ideal of liberty. This province is
a hemp producer and as there have been
no shipments out for six months past
considerable of this product Is stored here
awaiting transfer to a market.
It appears that the main body of fhe
Filipinos retreated toward a village called
Castillo, some eight miles distant, but a
rear guard of twenty men was left In
Sorsogon and quitted the outskirts of the
town only when General Kobbe's party
landed on the wharf.
leave — Fbom February 25, 1900. — akritx
Leare Arrlra
Ean Francisco. In Effect Pan FranrfscA.
1 October 14, »
tVfk Sun- 1899. Son- Week
Days. day*. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 19:44 ana 1:40 tm
8:30 pro 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:03 pm 1»:SS ana
6:10 pm B:OTpm Santa Roga. 7:35 pm (:Z3 pn»
Fulton.
T:3« am Windsor, lfcs tia
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
- Qeyservtlle.
8:30 ptn 8:00 am CToTerdaJe. T:SB pen *:Q prm
7:30 ami IHopland and I I
I 8:00 am| Uklah. | 7;g pm| 18 pb>
7:33 am 10.15 »m,
8:00 am Gaernerlllft. T:35 pm
l:M Pm ... t:X3 r»»
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma >:13 am l:*oaxsi
and
»:19pm 5:00 pm Glen EHen. «:05 pm IMpra
7:30 ami s:Coam| SebastopoL 110:40 ara|lo:2S an»
3:20 pm| 8:00 pm| | 7:J5 pm| 8:13 pn»
•7:OOa Beniria. Snism). Kimtra. Viicafllle,
Rnmsey au<l >S3cramento *7s 13 p
•7:«Oa Shuta Etprcaj— DiTls, Willows,
Rcl Bluff. Portland *7^3p
•TsSOa Martinez, Wan Kamon, Vallejo, Napa>
Caliatcea anil Santa linn *0:1.1>p
•»<3oa TheOrerlanclLif Ited— Ogden, Den-
ver, Omaha, Chicago 'Sil-Ir
•»i3Oa San Juae. LiTcrntorc, Stock ton,
¦ lone, .Sacramento. Plaeerrllle,
Mfirysfllle, Cbico. lterililnir M:IJr
•8:3Oa •Milton, Oakdalr, houora. Carters... *l:inp
•U:OOa Kay wards. Niltsand Way SUttons. *1I:13a
•9:00 a DiTis. Woodland. Kolghta Landing,
MaryßTille,()rotillo *7»45f
• 9tOO* Atlantic Kxpress— Ogdcn and East *0:43 a
•9:««a Marlinfz, Tr>cy, Latlirop, Stockton,
Mi-rcc<lan>l Fresno. *12:1Sf
•PiOOa Port Costa, Kreano, Mojate and Jios
Anitclm »«:13p
•IO:OftA Vnllcjo, Martinez and Wny Stations *6:4»p
¦11:OOa Kilra, Llrermore, Stockton, »acra-
mrnto, Meudota, Hanford. Viaalia.
rcrterrlllo M:lsp
•1 SxOOx IXaywarJs, Niks and Way Stations. "2:43p
tl:OOi>KacraiuenU> IMrer Hfe.rm ra f9>oOp
•StOUp Ilaywards. Nllt s ami Way Stations. 'St-tSp
•4<u«r Martinez, Sati Itaeton, Vallrjo,
- Napa, OalUtiig*. .Sautu Ros* *I»<lsa
•4!i«»pßenicla, Vacaville, Hacramentn,
WoihUaihl, Kniklits Jjindlng.
MarysTillo, Ororlllo »I«:4I»4
•i«3Orßi]<j!i,^an.loß«»ii<l Stockton *7iia»
•3:OOpTlio Owi Ijmlted— Tracy, Fresno.
]>ik' reQclil, hangti3 for hinta Ilar-
I»ar3, L> >s Anntlcs. MOi-IS*
as:oop Sursct Ltxited-£1 rtso, Xew Or-
leacsin<l East eld-ISA
*.1«3Or Stocktoa, Alnccil. lresno •IBil3r
•5:30p Fimnii, llakenliehl, KanU ISmt«ra,
Los ADgnlrs, l'oming. El Pxi4,
New Orloaus an<U^st •SilSa
•3i3Op SIIIIU In JConle— Atlantlo Eipress
for Moj»ro mid Knst *6:4.1p
*O:AOp HaywartlK, NilrsandKan Joso •7sl.'»a
tO:SUf Vailnjo M2:l3p
•UiU»i- Oriental Mail-OgJen, Cbeyenne.
Omaha, CWcijo •9»40a
*0:8 Or Orisntal Mil!— Ogdcn, DenTer,
OmaLa, ChiCASO. M:l3p
t7»OOp Vallrj;.. T.nt CmU and Way fita-
tijns 1»:33p
•S:O3r Or.pon and Cclifnrnb Kxir.--.i..>:uc-
rummito. IMarjarille. Un.l.lluir.
¦•.¦rUHii.l. rng.-t :;..,,, ?1 m»\ r.n*% ••:I5»
•SiltiA >;e'T»rk. <'<•!! tin iile,!-s.».>o:i<\lVI ton,
ltonltler On ok.Santa Cruz ami War
Ktntiona < 3i»«|>
f3:l3p Ilcwark, CenterTlllo, fiaii 3oao, New
Aliuvilen, Fvltoo, lloultlor Creek,
r!a:it» Cruz and I'rinclpal Way
SUtimiK.. tlA:»r» 4
•l:lSp Newark. Hau Jogo, LosGatos. <o>2oa
iililZe Hnntera' Kxcnrebn, Ban Joso and
Way HU:iona |7iB»P
Stases connect at Santa Rosa, for Mark W««t
Pprlr.rs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Sprtngm: at Geyservtlle fop Rkajrss
Springs; at Clorerdale for th« Oeys^rs; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Hlrhland Sprlnca.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda. Bay L&lce-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierley*s.
Bucknell's, Sannedrln Heights. HuHvtll* Orr's)
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bnurr
Westport. Usal, Wlllltts. Laytomrtlla. Cum-
mlniT's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Oise&'a. Dyer
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trio tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle Mil*.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ronSMI Fill KCISCU— root of l!«riet Strut (Slip 8)—
!I : iS .I 00 "*o*.s»- U:CO '2:30 13:03
'*i:00 16:00 •CiGOr.M.
ro<3 01Il.lHD— rotttrBroaa««T. — "«:00 8K»0 10-004 M.
tn:o3 *l:00 t2:CO «3::0 11:00 *3ioor.lf.
*.!' ' ° A ****» Vie», Soiitb a*n Frandaco.. tU:3Up
• < :OWAKan ,los« n,,,1 Way KUtlons (New
Almaiicii Woiliie.itUjsoiily) *liSOr
•O.«O» ft.,, J, )W . Tre« 1'i,.0.. K«.U tin.
l'acillc t;r»tc. I'aso Ui.lilcs, »sn
I.nis ObtsM, Biirf. Lompoo ami
Irinclpiil Whj Slut!,. 113 M<l*r
•I4MIOA H*n.li>iieHn.l Wny Htatlnns •SiSSa
•I I«::oa Bau Jnso mi>l Way KUtlons *3<3or
ta:4si- Shu J!»tro, Kfawocwl. Mcnlo Tatk,
I'a'.o Alto. Santa Clara, Kan Jose,
Tro» rir.os. SanU Cni/, fialuias,
? -- Monterey *¦>.] l-acllic OroTB fI(HS6A
t»:»n r San Jose ami Way Btatioi.s '7:30^
tl:l»rBaiiJo3oaml rrlncipal Way Stattoii* *9:13 a
».»:«Op.s*nJoaoaud Principal Way BUtlons t»:O«A
•i'-3»P San.l,«o»ii.!rriuci!.al Way .Stations "»:3.-»A
¦ •«»:3Op San. logo anil Way Stations tM:OOa
bH:4-*r San Joi^kihl Way SUtlmm.. . ¦ *7:UOp
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausaiito Ferry, i
Comtnencinir October 1, 1839.
FROM SAN FHANCISCO TO MILL VAUJET
AND SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— •7:OO, »9:30. U:00 a. m.: n:«.
•3:40. 6:15.0:00. 6:20 D.-m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and U:3O p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO, "10:00, ni:80 a. m.; 1:13.
8:1 K. M:45.- 8 :SO, 9:00 p.m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Queotln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TOYSAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. •«:35. 7:45. •* :40 . a. -m. I
•12:*0, 2:15, *3:< n , *5:15 p.m. . : :. . -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 8:40 and 10:15 d. in.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. »S:00. 'IOtOO. *I 1:« a. m.j
n:4O. •3:13. 4:45, '6:30 p. m. ? ..
Trains marked (•) start from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:43. 6:45, 7:65, : 9:45 a. m.;
12:35,5 :55.3: 46," 6:20 p. ro.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays nt 7:00 and 10:20 a. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS, 10:C5 a. m.; i:.05, 2:15, S:SO,
6:OC. 6:45 5. ,m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
8:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tcmales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and .way. stations.
._A forM <> r ''<"6 ¦ PforAften.ooll.
• Daily. -. f niwtiKi. J Suuday only.
b fcatorday r>n!j. ¦
a Tn«*J»js uml Fri«Uys c Tbursd»TS und Bnndsy«.
VISIT OR- JORDAN'S GREAT 4
HUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
C7^ The Larrett Anatomical Museum in the \
.*•„ iff [¦¦, World. \\ eaknetso or any contracted M
&±2 (SO dise»se f cared by the oldest T
jjrSaal Specialist ru the Coatt. Esl 36 yeari-
rrlfiri OR- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES*
Btfnfel Consultation free and ttrictly private. \
B QW B Tr« nment personally or by letter. A m
£ tfs\ W Jhw.itve Curt In every ca>« undertaken. <T
ml IIK Write for Boole, rHll.O*OrDV*rl
if It . ¦ahhUbb. MAitBD rxis. {Af
¦A iL : valuable book (or tarn) ' , . > • \
DR. JOBDAX A CO., 1061 Market St., 8. F. f
20PROFESSOR NORRIS.
ering. Jim caught on at once and has
worn a cap without protest : since. . By
these methods, without the use of • the
whip, which is considered indispensable
by most animal trainers, Jim was edu
cated. - . ... . ¦ ;
Performances will, do given throughout
thia we«k, - ;-_ J
. "I can work harder and with better
effect on Grape-Nuts food than any food
L have ever used. For days at a time I
est but little other food besides Uraoe-
Xuts and a little fruit, and my expe-
dience teaches the xyonderful nutritive
power and value of- it .
"It is a great food for a man who
has little time to spend at breaktast. it
bring fully cooked and ready -for r imme-
diate service. Yours truly, wm. A.
Shinn. Sinß-Sin*. N. Y."
Grape-Nuts furnish nutnment of a
character that is shown upon the user.
The person eating Grape-Nuts may not
•know the reason why he feels stronger
and better; that reason can be ex-
plained and shown by chemical analysis,
for the food contains certain, elements
obta«ed from the grains, ' that furnish
tire gray matter in the nerve centers. ?f
the human body, and the proof of this
is. best shown by actual use and expe-
'riencei« 4i • — ¦ '¦^''rzJ'
| It sends new life into every part of the body, and in a short, time you are a well, strong i
¦ man/ Over 8000 cures; for 1899: 7 Lef yourself be one of the number for thisyear. A''%\
" Write^ to-day for free bbbk^which v explains the Belts thoroughly; or call at my office and.; |
S examine them: an^ advice free. ;,:;¦:: '\ • j
¦¦ Office hours, 9a. m. to 6, p.m.; Sundays, 10 a. m. to Ip. m. £ r. ;j
SDR T \ SlNlirN 6 O'FARRELL ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
J I/lit li ,;¦£%• kirtlll/l^ilj U9^S6nth Spring Street/Los Angeles; Cal^Ruas !
A man of strength respects himself, and ;is respected by others.
He is glad for himsejf, because he knows that people admire his
strength -No man likes to be the object or pity. That is all the feel-
ing a weak, wrecked man inspires; ; while the big, robust, energetic man
is praised arid courted^ He^is strong, and strength is i power. But you
cannot be strong while suffering from such complaints as Rheuma-
tism, Lumbago, Sciatica, Varicocele, Shrunken Organs, etc. You must rid youself. of -these,,
and the only sure way ; to dojit is by the use of my ' . ; ¦
DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT.
| Can Work |
I Better|
8 When he uses •
I Grape-Nuts j
Mining Engineer Arrested.
John C. Jens, ¦ a mining engineer, was
arrested at San Mateo last evening by De-
" ANOTHER case of paralysis cured. \ Start To-Day and Mend the
RAYMOND. Cal.. March 1, 1900. - _ - :. T >• " „ w-> •"¦ ¦¦'"<
DR. SANDEN-Dear Sir: In accordance with , Cl-» rx 4-4-£±+»£l/A '' IV £3k*«X7£*G _ | t/if r<PH r " l l^'
my promise. I will let you know how lam set- ?Sn&IIT&YQOL IN GLV CS T7 VJCT DdU-K.
ting along. lam well. That Bpell of paralysis- • ¦ . - - - - -.
f £!SStt%HF?H the Power that You Have
¦¦¦"»¦- '.;;., " BnOTHEESON - :, Wasted - Read the Famous
Book> "Three Glasses of Men "-It Is Free.
No l'amages for Mrs. Kinsner.
OAKLAND. March 10.— The Jury in the
ISO <w damage suit of Mrs. Helena Kinsncr
agalnßt the Oskland Transit Company
-f ndf-red a verdict in favor of the defend
er" corporation. The plaintiff will move
f^r a new trial.
Hermann Club.
The first entertainment and ball given
last night In San Francisco Turn Verein
Hall by the Hermann Club, composed of
the membership of Hermann Lodge of the
Odd Fellows, was attended by the
membership and a large number of
their friends. They were entertain
ed with a cornet solo by Clement
Baler: vocal solos. Miss Grace Rotholtz,
Arthur Parent and Miss Sadie Davis:
fancy dancing by Miss Rosalie Steveler
and Miss Gertie ' Rotholtz: selections by
the San Francisco Mandolin Club and a
cakewalk by Master. Harry Mangels and
little Miss Cora Davis. Then followed
a programme of twelve dances under the
management of A. H. Breckwoldt. floor
manager, who was assisted by/ Gustav
INSANE MAN TRIES TO
BEAT OUT HIS BRAINS
OAKX*AJfD. March 10.— Antone. Sllva.
the fOOOg rancher from Mies, charged
with insanity, became so violent last
' nlrht in the insane ward at the Receiving
Hospital that he succeeded in turning in
h'.s strape, and but for the timely arrival
of Warden Page would have killed him
self by butting his head against the wall
beside his bed. When Warden Page en
tered the room he found the Insane ranch
er's face badly discolored and he was
bleeding profusely at the mouth and nose.
Silva This afternoon was committed to the
Ukiah Insane Asylum.
HONORS TO THE LATE
COMMANDER NICHOLS
OAKLAND. March 10.— The remains of
the late Captain 11. E. Nichols, com
mander cf the monitor Monadnock, who
cied EUddenly at Manila, hay« been
brought to this city, where they will He
In state until 11 o'clock Monday morninr,
when the obsequies with full honor* will
be held from the Masonic Temple.
The causket, draped In the national col
ors and under guard of honor, rests at the
undertaking parlors on Thirteenth street,
near Broadway. Company A, Veteran
Reserves. Captain C. K. King command
ing, will furnish the guard detail at the
funeral, which will be under the direction
cf , Oakland Lodge Ko. 188. F. and A.
M. There will also be a large naval escort
of marines and sailor*, with civic repre
sentatives.
Fi&gv have been placed at half-mast on
the city and county public building*.
GREAT DANGERS
IN THE ADVENT
OF IMPERIALISM
Professor Wheeler's Address
Before the Monticello
Club.
Says That in Spain's Idea of Colonial
Government Lies the Lesson
of This Nation's Present
Peril.
The members of the Montlcello Demo
cratic Club listened to an able address by
Professor Benjamin Ide Wheeler last
night at Native Sons' Hall on the subject
entitled "The Threatened Evils of Impe
rialism." The Berkeley president handled
the proposition in his usual masterful way
and held the close attention of a large
audience for over an hour. Professor
Wheeler was introduced by Dr. A. A.
d'Ancona In a brief complimentary speech,
and the learned educator at once launched
into the consideration of the tremendous
emergency which now confronts the na
tion In the threatened advent of impe
rialism.
"In the exercise of free government."
said Professor Wheeler, "we have come to
a decided turning point in our history,
largely from circumstances that ¦ are the
direct result. of the Spanish war. In the
tendencies of thi^ nineteenth Century to
ward co-operation and consolidation by
means of the "steamboat, railroad, tele
graph and' telephone 'we are menaced, to
day with the great dangers arising out
of those very Important factors in ths up
building of a nation.
"One of the grave questions involved is
that of party organization and leadership,
and another Is the tendency toward the
extension bf national sovereignty through
the natural growth of commercial inter
ests. This problem concerns the attitude
of the English in South Africa and that
of this country in the Philippines.
"What is 'imperialism-? The word has
been used freely and rather loosely. AYe
may agree, however, in g-er.eral that, im
perialism is the opposite of what we mean
by free government. I have always be
lieved 1 that the safest exponent of 'free
government was Thomas Jefferson.' All
¦ statesmen arfe agreed in the acceptance cf
! the fundamental ideas of free government,
which imply that all people living under a
government shall be made responsible,
and the Issues be so distributed that sec
tions shall take cognizance of the issues
involved tn other sections. Free govern
ment indicates itself not on a basib of
economy, but solely on an educational
basis. Give the people a chance to exer
cise its wllU and it will assume the re
sponsibility.- -i
"Against this free, government stands
the other idea of imperialism or a gov
ernment from without, proceeding accord
ing to lines that take, no account of the
choices or Interests of those governed.
.Imperialism is not to be mixed up with
the idea of one-man power. Imperialism
and despotism are alike, but the very idea
of democracy calls for the largest'exer
cise of one-man power. Imperialism must
In nowise be confused with extension of
territory. They are different Ideas.
"When. you take away distributive gov
j ernment. whereby localities may take
I cognizance of things that concern them
1 from the people, look out for danger;
Ai»v ff*fP i i*ff^Kiu'i'-m
TWO NOTABLE CLUBS IN CELEBRATION.
J. O'Brien & Co.
Respectfully call attention Jo
the following notable bargains,
which will be placed on sale.
TO-MORROW, MONDAY, MORNING :
100 dozen SHIRT WAISTS, special
purchase,. good value for $1.76, will
be offered at...... ....$l.OO
SO LADIES' TAJLQR-MADE SUITS, in
black and colored, value for $15.00,
sale price ..... . ? $7,50
100 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP KID
GLOVES, extra value for $1.28, sale
price. .:. 90c pair
SO LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in
black and colored, value for $30.00,
sale price $15.00
100 black and colored FEATHER BOAS,
former price $20, sale price. .$15.00
Our entire stock PLUSH CAPES will be
offered at reduced prices.
SEAL PLUSH JACKETS, former price
$20.00 and $25.00, will be closed
out at ....$lO,OO
PLAID SKIRTS -marked down to Half
Price.. V,
21
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 11, 1900.
Still a Mystery of the Sea.
OAKLAND. March -10.— The question of
whether Captain Henry Nissen survived
his wife* or whether they were both lost
FinMiltan«»oi:slv in the wreck of the C. C.
Funk off Flinders Islands, in the South
Ft»as over two years ago is Btill unsettled.
It w«s hoped that the deposition of Cap
tain A Wymark. who made a survey of
ThP wreck." might clear up. the matter, but
the deposition, which was received to-day
from Mf'bnurne. Australia, brings out no
i ( rw drvolopments. The relatives of Can
:?;n Nippon » n<l Mrf! - Nissen are con
irfi^e OV*t the property. If the captain
Fur**iv«"l his wife and children his heirs
»'«; erttltlfd to the estate. The presump
tiVn of law is that the wife being the
weaker of the two. perished first.
The Patton Will Contest.
OAKLAND. March 10.— In the Patton
will contest to-day Mrs. Clara \\ hite
proved an important witness for the con
t*.ptine eons. Clarence <"nd William Pat
ton She was the nurse who attended
thrir father durinpr his last illness, and
Fhe testified that' during that illness Mrs.
Mnm'-an, the hous«keeper. kept the
two fons from visiting their dying father.
Sh» declared also that Mrs. Ammerman.
who was left a 5500 lejracy and $50 per
month by the will, placed the food for the
pens out" on the back porch In a can. and
that the housekeeper had requested her
to testify in hrr behalf.
GBAPE-NTJTS.
HOW MONKEY JIM WAS
GIVEN AN EDUCATION
— paHOUSANDS of people were turned
I away from the afternoon and night
I performances of Norris & Rowe's big
trained animal show at Mechanics'
Pavilion yesterday. The success this ex
cellent attraction is meeting with In this
city speaks volumes of praise for the
show. •
As an appropriate climax to a series of
experiments in the matter of .educating
a three-year-old monkey. Professor Nor
rls will endeavor to make the monkey
talk. The monkey's name is Jim Robin
eon, and he has already been taught to
take his meals sitting at a table. In teach
ing Jim how to use the spoon Professor
Norriß places, the food intended for him
in a very deep cup. Jim's natural intelli
gence at once showed him the use of the
Fpoon. but he at first made: the mistake
of bringing his provender from the depth
of the cup by means of the spoon and
then laying it down on the table to be
NorriS B cu?ed Jim of this habit
by placing a hungry monkey alongside of
him. Directly Jim would lay. the food
down the hungry one would snatch it
away After awhile Jim saw the point and
?Xd th« thief by carrying the food di
rectly from the cup to his . mouth by
means of the spoon. Then^ Jim. was
Sught the advantages of clothing byjbe
ine left for a time Tn a cool place. Then
h P was taken in and warmly clothed and
the advantages of wearing apparel were
soon made apparent to his monkey mind.
Tht ? professor taught the monkey to wear
Flap by daubing a little molasses on^his
head leaving him to be tortured by flies
for a time. He then placed a cap over
B'^Er A W A IVT A ' 4~* A ¥ IVT t
To Debate With Berkeley.
OAKLAND, March 10.— Gus Rlngolsky,
Mervin Gamuelo and Stuart Hawley have
been chosen to represent the High School
in the annual forensic contest with Berke
ley on April 20.
Seek Fortune In Oil.
OAKLAND, March 10.— The Alta Oil and
Development Company filed articles of in
corporation to-day with the County Clerk.
Oakland is named as it? principal place
of business, and the capital stock is stat
ed at $300.0"0. of which #140 has been actu
ally subscribed by the directors, Robert
Harriett. W. B. Hodges, J. B. Lanktree.
Court Commissioner George Babcock of
Alameda, ex-Mayor M. C. Chapman.
County Treasurer Arthur W. Fiedler of
Oakland and Superior Judge W. E. Greene
of Berkeley.
Lioeb. M. R. Jaeger. E. Urbner. Charles
Wlsel. H. Dablestein. C. Gottschalk. J. F.
Breckwoldt. E. Krueser. J. Kuehn.
Charles Fricdmann. J. Fies. R. Lorenzen
and T. Rothenberger.
A. A. L. Baseball Game.
The first baseball game of the Western
League of the Academic Athletic League
was played yesterday on the grounds of
Holtt's School, Menlo Park, between
Holtt's School team and Palo Alto High
School team. It resulted In a score of 15
to 11 in favor of Hoitt'e. Following' was
the line-up:
Holtt's. Positions. Palo Alto
Splivalo Catcher Wiley
S. Taylor Pitcher Lewis
G. Clark First base.Crandall and
Miller
H. Litt Shortstop Hamilton
Breckinridge. Second base Bower
TV. Reed Third base Brown
F. Harper Right field Burke
and Smith.
A. Harper Center field ...Moulton
J. Whitman.. ..Left field Stanford
The chief feature of the game was the
heavy batting of Taylor of Hoitfs.
The Palo Alto High School team were
the winners of last season's league pen
nant, and are hrld to compose one of the
strongest teams In the league.
when the people begin to feel that the
government is not its own, look out for
the rocks. Whether free government
will suffer and imperialism arise depends
upon the way this nation proceeds to or
ganize the government in the new Terri
tories.
"Spain wrecked itself by reason of its
lust for empire, which dominated its en
tire career and lowered -the plane of all
who were subject to It. In that idea of
colonial government is the lesson of our
danger. If ¦ any territory shall be at
tached to this nation according to an ar
bitrary bond forced out of the natural
course of Its history, that will be imperial-
Ism. Its worst form is that which im
poses subjection arbitrarily. If we get up
a government over the Philippines which
admits of the exploitation of those islands
in the form of directing their trade to this
country and shutting them out from other
countries and thrust them into the jaws
of the politician, that will be imperialism.
The power of the irresponsible political
boss Is the worst Imperialism that I
know of."
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mail ol
on Application.
J. O'BRIEN & CO.
1146 Market Street,
Bet. Mason and Taylor.
wHrISTRICTLY ONE PRICE jonsH
ALL GOODS MARKED IN' PLAIN FIGURES.
FLY-CASTING SKILL
OUT AT STOW LAKE
The members of the San Francisco Fly
Casting Club had almost a perfect after
noon for their third contest of the. season
yesterday, with the exception of a head-
wind that at times Interfered with the
long distance casting.
For accuracy and delicacy the day
could not have been better and the work
in those events was good throughout.
Harry Golcher distanced by many feet
his nearest competitor, extending his line
115 feet in the long distance event.
Mocker was second with 9S feet and Reed
third with 91 feet.
In the three events which followed W.
D. Mansfield carried off the honors, mak
ing S5 S-12 per cent in accuracy, 86 S-12 per
cent In delicacy and 82 4-5 per cent in
the lure casting event.
As weather conditions will probably be
favorable to-day there will, no doubt, be
a large attendance at the lake. The first
event will begin soon after 10 o'clock, and
several hours will be consumed in com
pleting the programme.
Following' are the scores in detail:
FIFTY YEARS AN ODD FELLOW.
C. N. fox's Golden Anniversary of
Membership in. a Fraternal
Organization.
p« HARLES NELSON FOX, ex-Justice
I of the Supreme Court of California,
I and one of the most prominent mem
*~* bers of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows in this State, will to-morrow
night pay a visit to California Lodge No.
CHARLES N. FOX, Who Has ?
Been Fifty Years an Odd Fel- 4
low. ;
I, in celebration of the fiftieth anniver
sary of his admission into the order. Mr.
Fox, who is a native of Wayne County,
Mich., on the 9th of this month attained
the age of 71. When he was 21 years of
age he was initiated into Washtenaw Law
Lodge No. 9. He left his native State in
1557 for California and some time after ar
rival he affiliated with California Lodge
No. 1, from which he withdrew to be
come a charter member of Bay View
Lodge N0.' 109, on October 4, 1562, when he
was installed noble grand, and from that
time to this, he has nevpr been out of
office in the order. In 186.1 he went as a
representative to the Grand Lodge, In 1565
was elected grand warden, deputy grand
master In 1866 and grand master in 1867.
He was taken from the floor in the fol
lowing year and elected grand patriarch
of the encampment branch of. the order,
and he presided --in the two grand bodies
the same week. He was the first presi
dent of the Odd Fellows' -Home at Ther
molito. At this time he Is a. member of
Porter Lodge of Oakland, 'in which sub
ordinate he took his membership when
he. became a resident of the other side of
the bay. He will pay a visit to that lodge
on next Wednesday night, on which oc
casion he will be accompanied by a num
ber of prominent members of the order.
DENSE BAY FOG
MAKES TROUBLE
FOR SHIPPING
Sausalito and Tiburoh Ferry
Steamers Have Narrow
Escapes. f
Captain Henry Nichols' Remains
Landed From the Solace — Trans
ports Warren and Missouri
to Be Overhauled.
The first of the March fogs put in It 3
appearance on the bay \ this morning.
About 7 a. m. it was very thick and many
of the ferryboats were from fifteen min
utes to a half-hour late in making a land
ing. At one time the steam whaler Will
iam Baylies, German bark Paul Isenberg
and British ships General Gordan and
Cromdale, the ferry steamers Sausallto
and Tiburon and the tug Sea Queen low-
Ing the bark Ferris S. Thompson, were
all in a general mix-up. The ferryboats
and the tug were dodging in and out
among the outward-bound fleet for half
an hour. Finally the tangle seemed to be
straightened out,, and the. Sausalito was
going full speed ahead for her slip when
the- tug and her tow loomed up.
All Is well that ends well, and way wn.3
stopped on both vessels in time to avert a
collision.
The steamer Berkeley while making her
Blip missed her landing owing to the fujf
and crashed into the dolphin. The dam
age was very slight.
About 10 a. m. the fog lifted, but only
to settle down ascaln about noon.* All the
transports at anchor in the bayiwero run
ning their launches, while -the Philadel
phia and Marion had their boats in com
mission. When the fog set down a<?ain
every one of them was in the bay, ' ithei
bound for the shore or making for the
transports. Finally, after a succession of
whistling from the launches and rinßin*
of bells on the transports, the launches
made their landings and all was well.
The Folsom-street landing was the
busiest spot on the front yesterday. The
launches from the Philadelphia/Hancock,
Warren, Logan and McCulloch were com
ing and going all day. while Peterson'*
launches were in and out of the slip every
five minutes. Men on all the vessels named
except the Philadelphia had shore liberty,
and the saloons along East street did a.
big business In consequence.
The Philadelphia sails this morning for
Central America.
The remains/)! Captain Henry Nichols,
late of the Monadnock, came ashore from
the naval transport Solace yesterday.
From Folsom-street wharf they were
taken to the ferry and from there to Oak
land the late home of the d?ad officer.
Colonel Bird, who is expected her.> on
the next China steamer, will thoroughly
Inspect the transport Logan on his arrival.
He has already overhauled the Warren,
and It is expected that, according to ni«
recommendation, fully $100,000 will be
Epent In putting that vessel in first-class
order. What the repairs to the Logan
will cost will rot be known until after
Colonel Bird's inspection. The overhaul
ing of the hospital ship Missouri is going
to coet a lot of money. The vessel's ma
chinery and equipment are In a bad shape,
end It is said that. the necessary repairs
will cost $250,000.
The Hancock's launch is still at the bot
tom of the bay. Thursday the divers
thought they had located It, but whon
they went down all they found was a pile
of rock. The chances are that the launch
is by now somewhere in the vicinity ol
Alcatraz Island. v '
The steam schooner Tillamook had a
very rough trip down the coast from Tilla
mook. She was a hundred hours making
the run, and during the southwester lost
her bulwarks and part of the deck load
The facts of the collision between t.ho
steamer Point Arena and the brig Pitcslrn
were submitted to Chief Wharfinger Percy
Henderson yesterday as arbitrator. After
hearing all the evidence the chief decldel
that the steamer was to blame and as
sessed .the damages to her.
tective. George Graham on a warrant
sworn out by Miss M. E. Rouch, 305 Lar
kin street, this city, charging him with
obtaining money by false pretenses, j Miss
Rouch claims that last November Jens,
by representing to her that the Meade
gold mine of Calaveras County was a pay
ing proposition, induced her to invest $500
in' the stock of the mining compay. She
says that she has since learned that In
stead of paying 40 per cent dividends, as
ehe was lead to believe, the mine is prac
tically worthless, and she ventures the
same opinion in regard to Jens.f
Jens later was brought to' the City
Prison and 'soon after released -on $350
cash bail. He admits inducing Miss Rouch
to buy the mining stock, but claims the
mine is all he represented It to be, and
that the company's books show that Miss
Rouch receipted for dividends paid her
since hor investment.
Ferry Steamers and Sailing Vessels Maneuvering in the Fog.
The Bohemian's Founders
Meet Around the Table
for Annual Dinner.
Evening: of Delightful Reminiscences.
Messages From Absent Mem
bers — Greetings in Verse
From Stoddard.
The founders of tho Bohemian Club save
their anniversary dinner in the redroom
of the club last evening. J. N. H. Irwin,
one of the two living charter members,
presided at the banquet. Raphael Welll
acceptably performed the duties of chief
adviser to the chef. The large round table
was beautifully decorated with almond
and plum blossoms.
The attendants were: A. G. Hawes. Dr.
Behr, I. Gutte, Henry Marshall, Jasper
McDonald, David Bush, John L. Beard,
John Landers, Dr. Benjamin Swan, Wal
ter Turnbull, George Wright, H. R. Bloom
er, General" John Hew6ton, H..M. Bos
worth, Samuel D. Mayer, Sidney M. Smith,
Reuben H. Lloyd, Stewart Menzles, Ra
phael vWeill, George T. Bromley. Arpad
Haraszthy, Hugh M.- Burke and Joseph
N. H. Irwin.
Much of the delightful talk of the even
ing was reminiscent of the Sacramento
street stage of the club's career. Mr. Ir
win traced the steps of the organization
from the first committee meeting of news
paper men until the signing of the char
ter. Every member present made a lit
tle speech.
Letters were read from United States
Senator George C. Perkins, Washington,
D. C; Jennings S. Cox and Raoul Mar
tinez of New York; George W. Phelpa,
Tucson, Arizona; A. McFarland Davis,
Boston. Mass. Poems of Daniel O'Connell
were read, and songs of Joseph Maguire
were sung.
Charles Warren Stoddard sent his greet
ings in verse, and among the lines were
these, prefaced by the text "Not that I
love Caesar less, but th&t I love Rome
more."
Happy th» .heart that in !ta youth
Was festered la a field bo fair;
That lived and loved in very truth
Without one care.
Would I were youn* araln to play
The cub amen; the lion* there;
To have once more a holiday.
Then seek my lair. .
Then eeek my well-beloved lair
And lay m« down In peace to sleep, ,
Praying God who holds us in His care
My soul to keen!
— Bungalow, Washington, D. C.
Mock Trial at the Cosmos
Furnishes Fun at Novel
High Jinks.
Alec Vogelsang and Judge Hebbard
Preside and a Batch of Attor
neys "Work for Their
Clients.
»
The Cosmos Club, on the corner of But
ter and Octavia streets, was turned Into
a courthouse last night for a Jlnke. the
leading feature of which was a mock trial
conducted after the fashion of an obsolete
procedure.
Sitting under a dais of royal blue were
Alec Vogelsang and Judge Hebb&rd,
JJuges of the assize term. They were
properly dressed In ermine, and wig, as
suming an icy dignity that sometimes
gave way in warm outbursts of geniality
whenever the cuj? or cigars were passed.
Y. B. IX Mills was the hieh sheriff,
'Billy tstlnson serving under him. Criers
ami stenographers and a jury of varied
nationality completed the court. John
inllcr, James l^anghorn, Harry P. Di
mond and Henry Eickoff were the attor
neys.
After a dinner, which satlsflsd. both
stomach and soul, the court opened for
regular business. Ex-parte motions were
iioani and some applications for citizen
ship listened to by the rare judges on the
bench. Larry Harris, metamorphosed into
an Irishman just landed, applied for nat
uralization papers. . The questions asked
him were of the knotty, tangling kind ne
cessitating a knowledge of the tenderloin.
Harris stuttered and stammered until,
when the judges were about to deny his
prayor, he produced an order written by.
Joseph Tobin to Mayor Phelan. requesting
the latter to put his friend on the force.
The order was written at the Ingleside
track. The judges passed Harris, who
forthwith became an officer of the law.
Charles Bresse in Chinese garb and
¦ maKe-up proved to the satisfaction of the
• court that he was not the plague-stricken
'•' Chinese; in other words, he was not a.
dead one, and the embargo of abstinence
was removed immediately. Fred Siebe.
who was swathed in a woman's clothes,
was arrested and brought to court on a
fharge of vagrancy. The questions asked
and answerer! were of peculiar Interest.
The case on the calendar for which tha
1* pal talent was assembled was the prose
- eution of William B. Bradford for killing:
Rairie by trap and snare out of season. So
much time was consumed in the prelim
inary caseß that the court, which declared
• Itself thirsty, adjourned till 2 a. m. next
• week.
Harry P. Dimord was the sire of the
f jinks, which was a success In every par
ticular.
k T\T* * A'OYT * * *
COAC. COK3 AND Pld IRON,
JC WH SON fc Cft m Battery Stwet.
J- W» IT U.3UH tt lU-, Telephone Main 18€4.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Eupt. . * n. BLYTH. IXgr.
CVf SMITH Bbls> Plumbln*. Steamboat
3 J llln - «n<l Ship Work a Sp«:lalty. is
and » Waahingtoo «t. Telephone Mala M4l.
FRESH AND SAtT MEATS.
JAS.BftYFS£CO Sh| DP!n* Butcher*. 104
JAJ- OVIUa MJ-, clay. T«U Main 12H.
:V. PAPER DP.ALER4.
WTI I AMFTTF PULP AND paper 00..
WILLAiTIEI IE 722 Montf ornery it.
•"• ¦•;¦¦:¦•¦"¦ PRINTWX x^r-
F C RITfiHFS PRINTER,
r« \r IiUUUEJ. gll sanaome «t.. 3. F.
STAt IONS'* AND . PRINTE?.
TecSe cSe p , hlc PARTRIDGE Ms c X££ Ita
WHITE ASfl STEAM COAL, SSFSuaSE
DIAMOXD COAL. MINING CO. at Us GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Ttent Coal In tft»
market. Office and Tarda — 43) Main atreet.
% 3 i 2 3 Event No. a, = 3
CONTESTANT. T" c " Delicacy. "» **
j.?B? _f?
: **i: -"I AciDell.Net. *">
C. O. Youngr 91% 8» 53.4T1.8 52.il
A. E. Mocker 8S 81 88 63.2 78.7 49 4-5
A. R. Crowell 79 73 90.4,61.4 76.1 £6
H. C. Golcher 115 59.4 90 75 52.6
W. B. Brooks 90 87.8 SS.S 53.1 72.6 68
H. P. Muller 93 J7.8 JO.B 70 80.4
H. E. Skinner.. .„.. 90 S2.BiS9 7E.4 81.2
ColonW Edwarflß.... 78^ »1.8192.4 $3.4 77.1 74
H. Battu.. SO S4 91.4 60.176.1 79 1-5
F. H. Re*d 94 86- SO |70 80 70 4-5
IV. D M&nsfleld 85.593.4j50 86.8 82 4-5
% 3 i 2 3 Event No. a, = 3
CONTESTANT. T" c " Delicacy. "» **
j.?B? _f?
: **i: -"I AciDell.Net. *">
C. O. Youngr 91% 8» 53.4T1.8 52.il
A. E. Mocker 8S 81 88 63.2 78.7 49 4-5
A. R. Crowell 79 73 90.4,61.4 76.1 £6
H. C. Golcher 115 59.4 90 75 52.6
W. B. Brooks 90 87.8 SS.S 53.1 72.6 68
H. P. Muller 93 J7.8 JO.B 70 80.4
H. E. Skinner.. .„.. 90 S2.BiS9 7E.4 81.2
ColonW Edwarflß.... 78^ »1.8192.4 $3.4 77.1 74
H. Battu.. SO S4 91.4 60.176.1 79 1-5
F. H. Re*d 94 86- SO |70 80 70 4-5
IV. D M&nsfleld 85.593.4j50 86.8 82 4-5-' ; Dr. , Parker's Cough* Cur«. •'• One <JosV will stop
» cough. Never falls. Try It. All druggist*. •
»9 Kearny St.
Writ* for our illustrated catalogue.
Music at the Park.
• The following "selections 'will \ be render
ed by : the Golden Gate Park , Band . at the
park to-day, weather permitting:; ¦'
"Overture, •'"The -' Bohemian ¦ Girl." •'Balfe;
Mazourka de Concert. , "The Spring:."' Dellbes:
selection. ' "The ¦: Serenade,". .Herbert; "Cele
brated Menuet,'.',. '•>¦ Paderewakl ; popular and
operatic melange, Trenkler; overture,- "Rlenit.V
Wagner:', cornet bolo,' selected.!: "L'Etolle' dv
Midi.-. (Reynaud),- performed by William ¦ Ma
hood:-sextet.from "Lucia," Donizetti; "Dance
of the ; Hours," • PonchleHl ;' march, "The < Fa
vorite Regiment,"- ErtL -•:- • . . r •' ¦- ;
RAPHAEL'S; '-•¦
THE FRISCO BOYS,
Introducers of all the New and Popular Fashions and Fabrics
% for Man, Woman and Child ,
COR. KEARNY ST. AND UNION SQUARE AYE;
WE CLOSE EVERY EVENING AT SIX, EXCEPTING SATURDAYS.
Trunks . and valises. Immense assort-
ment of best grades at Sanborn & Vail's,
741 Market street. .•"'¦S«^gSaßßatef€' *
The smart
women
dressers for
1900 will be
wearing our
neckwear
fashions;
they're posi-
tively ex-
clusive, and
all swell
creations.
We couldn't
begin tptell you,
t he ip ret t y
\ things zve have
in new and nov-
el neckwear for
ladies. It's al-
most -impossible
1 6: dc s crib c
them; as also
ourw a IJcin g
hats ; for : ladies
and .the new
fad, the En-,
glish squares to
ma Jed waists tout
oU;-:;r:'- y , -
Sonic : little of
pour tivvs',. r l<t-
isLies, Monday.
Insolvent Stockton Grocers.
- Charles - r . Garrow : and (Thomas • J. . Ste
phens, "constituting a grocery , firm: In
Stockton, filed ' a petition in insolvency
yesterday -in the United .States District
Court. r-v The firm's indebtedness is $5642 43,
and there are no s assets. ' ' Mr. Garrow's
individual 'liabilities' are:- $1950, with no
assets, :- and i Mr. Stephens' liabilities are
$11(35,. with' no assets. ¦ \ - ~. :
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest ; market | rates. IOH Montgomery.*
Special
Rug Sale
On Monday morning we will sell Oriental
and Smyrna rugs in a great variety of beautiful
and artistic designs at these. prices :
Size 27x52 inches, Oriental patterns, with
strong and heavy binding on both ends, worth
Size 27X £4 inches, Oriental patterns, with
both ends fringed, worth $2.00 for
** >3 5 each
Size 30x60 inches, Smyrna patterns, reversi-
ble,- with fringe on both ends, value $3-?o,
for
¦-"•'¦ -¦-'
Robbed a Soldier.
James R. Sh'eppersoh, a discharged sol
dier,'was'arrested yesterday by Policemen
Alvarez and Riley and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of robbery- He Is ac
cused of snatching. $60 from John Rouse, a
soldier, at -Lombard and Baker streets,
yesterday morning. He ran away but was
later arrested. Rouse was booked aa
"drunk."
Oxford Gray
Tf r ill be the swell color for young
rttftn between the ages of 1£ and
19 rjcars; 'tis a rich, refined,,
dressy fabric : sort of steel gray;
rrvfidc from fine vicuna Oxford
cheviot, tailored in excellent
fashion, as all our clothes are
tailored. The price on these
suits for young men will be
$9.50
Mrs. Brouhard Not Present.
The case of Mrs. ¦ Martha E. Brouhard
of Sacramento, charged with obtaining
money by false pretenses from James M.
Leeper, was called in ¦¦ Judge Conlan's
court yesterday for decision. It 1 was rep
resented to the Judge that the defendant
was under arrest in Sacramento in con
nection with the murder of R. R. Watts
there and by consent the case was con
tinued till next .Wednesday. •
Coroner's Inquests.
A Coroner's jury returned a verdict
yesterday to the_ effect that Low Son and
Pon Kue, who 'were ' shot and killed try
highbinders at the corner of . Jackson
street and Fish alley on March 6, came
to their death- through gunshot : wounds
lnflicted s by unknown parties. Nothing
new :¦ in relation to the " murder • was
elicited.
A verdict of suicide while temporarily
insane was rendered in the case of George
F. Levy. '.who killed himself with cya
nide of potassium on March 8. •
Some awfully s w ell
Scotch suits for young
chaps between the ages
of 8 and 15 ; knee trous-
ers, bright spring color-
ings, all wool fabrics,
proper spring weights ;
suits that" you can't buy
in any house in town at
double the money, and
then you don't get Raph-
ael's fashions, and you
know they're ' different
from any one else's. Such
suits like these good
Scotches— made in style,
as pictured opposite— Mon-
day, will be
Reduced to Battery.
The^ case of Charles Brown, charged
with 'assault to murder upon Mrs. Etta
FlUgibbon. 17 Grant avenue. February 23,
was called before Judge Mogan yesterday
and after hearing the evidence the charg*
was reduced to battery as the Judge said
there were mitigating circumstances.
Brown will b« sentenced ' to-morrow.
Vallejo's Gambling Law.
The Supreme Court has refused to in
terfere in the sentence imposed upon T.
J. Murphy of Vallejo, who was convicted
of conducting a keno game in violation
of an ordinance which prohibits gambling
games of all kinds. The , petition for , a
writ of habeas corpus was based upon
one point principally, that the game of
keno is not mentioned in the code as a
gambling game and that the ordinance
was invalid because its provisions ex
ceeded those of the State law. The Su
preme Court took the position In remand
ing Murphy that the city has a right to
prohibit all games if it so desires.
SHOEING THE FIRE
DEPARTMENT HORSES
Question Again Discussed and Taken
Under Advisement — Vacations
for the Firemen.
The Fire Commissioners at their meet
ing yesterday morning again listened to
the . views of members of the Master
Horseshoers* Association in the matter of
shoeing- the department horses.
J. O'Rourke, John McCarthy and E. B.
Carr urged that the work should bo dis
tributed among the different shops in the
city, so as to give every one an equal
share. The prices would be the same and
there would be a considerable saving of
time, as it would not be compulsory to
take the horses from all parts of the city
to one place, as had been the custom for
the past twelve years.
E. M. Graney, who has for years done
the work, opposed its distribution, and ar
gued that where one man did it the re
sponsibility was on his shoulders, but if it
was divided there would be no one to hold
responsible. The matter was taken under
advisement, "but the Commissioner*
seemed to lean to the proposition to dis
tribute the work.
It was agreed to give the firemen two
days' vacation each month besides the
usual annual vacation of not more than
ten and not les than five days, which was
in accordance with the State law.
The resignation of D. H. Wright of
truck 8 was accepted, and Charles M.v
gulre was appointed to fill the vacancy.
The following committees were appoint
ed: New buildings and repairs. M. H.
Hecht; corporation yard, hose- and ap
paratus, John H. Grady; salaries, J. C.
McKlnstry: forage, horses and horseshoe
ing. -Rollo V. Watt.
111, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
KNOCKED DOWN BY
A RUNAWAY TEAM
Matthew Dacey, an Old Laborer, Seri
ously Injured While Crossing
Sixth Street.
Matthew Dacey, a laborer 65 years of
age, met with an accident yesterday
afternoon that owing to his advanced ago
may have a fatal result.
He was crossing Sixth . street^ between
Howard and Tehama streets, when he
was knocked down by a runaway team
and dragged along for some distance. He
was picked up and sent to the Receiving
Hospital in the patrol wagon, wliere it
was found that both legs were fractured
and he was suffering from the shock to
his system. He lives with his sister, Mrs.
Callaghan, on Vallejo street, between
Hyde and Larkln.
The team belonged to Georgr* Vincent,
an expressman, whose stand is on the
southeast corner of Howard and Sixth
streets. Something 1 frightened the team
and they bolted south on Sixth street. The
old man was unconscious of danger till
just before the team reached him, an'l
then It was too late to get out of the way.
EXTRA SPECIAL
200 pieces BLACK BEADED TRIMMINGS,
in bands, ornaments and fringe nc^
effects - ZUb
Yard.
- Former prices $1.00. $1-50. $2.00 and $2.50 Yard.
That
Pretty
Sailor
Pictured opposite, tn •cv
good Blue Cheviot,* collar
prettily braided with sou-
tache — red and black sou-
tache — ages 3 to 10 years.
Specially priced at
Monday will witness our first big Spring Sale, and to use a popular saying of the day, it will be a
rummer. It will be a wonder in low prices for high class fashions.
Pretty
1 c
Middy
Suit
Pictured opposite, in blue,
sailor collar, collar braid-
ed with either red or
white soutache; ages 3 to
8 years.
Specially priced at
y .-J ± suit
IDEAS and FABRICS
NEW SPRING
This week we will show a great varietu
of NEW PLAIDS for Spring and Sum-
mer wear; These Plaids are In Camel's
Hair, Zibeline, Mottled Cheviot and
Double-Faced* Effects, and are suitable
for Separate Skirts, Golf and Outing
USHERING IN THE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JVot one day, but
every; day, we're en-
gaged showing up
something new.
HE SAST FR ASrCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 11, 1900.
SHOTGUNS FOR
THE GUARDS AT
THE PRESIDIO
Colonel Eskridge Determined
to Stop the Escape of *
Prisoners.
Twenty-Five Bodies of Soldiers Are
Interred in the National Ceme
tery and Sixty More Ar«
Shipped East
Colonel Eskridge, commandant at th«
Presidio, is determined to put j an . end to
the escape of prisoners at the post. ' The
number of military -"convicts: who have
evaded the vigilance of their guards and
taken French leave within the - past few
weeks has been unusually largel The
climax was reached when a prisoner. who
was working in the quarry at the mortar
battery about two miles beyond the Pre
sidio disappeared Friday accompanied by
the sentinel detailed to guard him.
Colonel Eskridge yesterday ordered that
all guards hereafter be armed with re
peating shotguns loaded with buckshot,
and the ordnance department at once is
sued twenty of these weapons. Hereafter
If a prisoner attempts to escape he will
take big chances, as buckshot Is much
more effective in bringing down a run
away than a rifle bullet. '-¦" .-'--¦
The bodies of twenty-live soldiers who
lost their lives in the Philippines were
buried in the national cemetery at the
Presidio yesterday. The . nineteen un»
claimed dead from those brought over on
the Peking were burled in the morning
and in the afternoon six more were ln»
terred with military honors. Former
Post Chaplain J. H. Macomber, recently
retired, officiated in the absence. of .any
regular chaplain. Among the bodies
buried was that of Sergeant Radcliff,
Sixth Artillery, who was killed in action'
in the Philippines. Radcliff was a native
of Oakland, 24 years of age. Sixty bodies
were shipped to relatives in the East yes
terday and nine bodies that arrived on
the Grant and Warren were landed at the
Presidio yesterday morning..- There are
still. 531 bodies wailing: to be disposed of
at the Presidio. . .
Chaplain Macomber gave up his quar
ters at the«Presid!o yesterday and came
to San Fraiiclsco. He will reside at the
Hotel Stewart, 431 Ellis street, until his
departure ifor the East in about two
months.
Two hundred and fifty mules and 110
horses were put aboard the transport
Siam yesterday afternoon to be trans
ported to the Philippines.
Captain Charles E. B. Flagg, assistant
Burgeon United . States army, has been
ordered to report for duty at the general
hospital at the Presidio awaiting trans
portation to the Philippines.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Samuel Fried
man, U. S. A.; has been ordered to re
port for temporary duty at the general
hospital at the Presidio awaiting trans
portation to the Philippines.
Captain Henry P. McCain, Fourteenth
Infantry, has been ordered' to rejoin nis
company at Vancouver Barracks.
The following, finding of the general
court-martial convened at the Presidio
has been approved .by Major General
Shafter:
Private Edward Sullivan, Battery C, Third
Artillery, found eullty of assault with a dan
gerous weapon and sentenced to three months
at hard labor and forfeiture of $10 per month
for the same -period.
Private John A. Green, Company M, Thir
teenth Infantry, convicted of absenting himself
until after the departure 'A the transport on
which he was to sail and sentenced to be dis
honorably discharged from the service, forfeit
ure of all ray and allowances and to be con
fined at hard labor for three months.
Private Pearl A. Coleman, Troop F, Sixth
Cavalry, found guilty of disobedience of orders
and sentenced to be dishonorably . discharged,
forfeiture of all pay and allowances and to be
confined at hard labor for three months.
Private William Paden, Battery X, Sixth Ar
tillery, found guilty of fraudulent enlistment
and sentenced to be dishonorably discharged
from the service, : forfeiture of. all pay and al
lowances and to' be confined at hard labor for a
period of five months.
Private Ira A. Kilgore, Company X, First In
fantry, found guilty of desertion and of fraud
ulent enlistment and sentenced to be dishonor
ably discharged from the service, forfeiture of
all pay and allowances and to be confined at
hard labor for one year.
Private Clifford C. Dennis, Troop F, Sixth
Cavalry, found guilty of breach of arrest, of
absence without leave, of selling certain articles
of uniform clothlnc and sentenced to be dis
honorably discharged from the sorvlce, forfeit
ure of all ' pay and allowances and to be con
fined at hard labor for three months.
Private Frederick C. Wiggins. Hospital Corps,
TJ. S. A., found guilty of theft and sentenced
to be dishonorably discharged from the service,
forfeiture of • all pay and allowances and to be
confined at hard labor for six months.
Trapper** OH cares rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, bOo flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay.
¦ Her&'s a swell creation
for little chaps between
the a£es of 3 and 8; jacket
and trousers of pretty
Scotch material and a
silk vest, with shield. Of
course, this is a very swell
creation; naturally high
priced, but our introduc-
tory spring price will briitg
this suit within the reach
of the smallest purse. This
suit will be
Shirts like
papa wears,
for 'little fel-
lows from 3
to 10 years,
in fine per-
cales with
cuffs attach-
ed ; quite a.
cute conceit;
c unn i n g,
rather: sweet, .
we may say.
These shirts
will be
75c
44-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY PLAIDS, all
the new spring shades in com- Ql nn
iinations. OIiUU
Tard.
48-INCH NOVELTY CHEVIOT PLAIDS, Scotch
colorings and mottled effects, all veru
stulish, new and desirable colors- 01 jPjJJ
50 -INCH GOLF PLAIDS, mixed , effects
¦ and .double,- faced plaids in two- tone
colorings, latest. noYeltu for out- 00 en
incr wear--.- — OZidU
...,:•; ..¦;.;?: ;¦;• • Yard.
NEW PLAIDS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Progress and forward is the watchword of the Frisco Boys. We never look back, but look forward. It is
made plain to you at the store. It's what you expect of us. The newest and most fashionable, and the lowest
prices for high-class merchandise. : •
AND YOU'LL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.
If there's anything
new under the sun,
you'll find us the first
ones to show it.
JF% ::
f* Fancy Silk
m Vest for lit-
J tie chaps be-
tween the
{fl V* ages of 8 and
I ! k \ -?^* -Another
I * \J\ swell idea for
X I / s V r ing; he
\y 1 Gan wear it
jacket and
trousers. Special for Mon-
day on ly at
22Burglary on Scott Street.
The residence of Mr. Hoffman, at 1009
Scott street, was entered by burglars
some time during Friday night and quite
a lot of valuable Jewelry carried off by
the thieves. It Is supposed that the bur
glars gained an entrance - through a~vo
cant house which adjoins the Hoffman
residence. The thieves' got .away unmo
lested with .their booty. The Police De
partment was notified and the detective
force put to work on the case to solve' the
mystery of how the place was entered
and by whom/
Mechanics' Library Directors Meet.
The directors ' of * the . Mechanics' Insti
tute Library . held their, quarterly meeting
last eveningand re-elected E. A, Denicke
president. The proposition to change the
system ; of electing <¦ officers was ? defeated
and the ' preferential i plan will | continue.
A resolution * was Introduced '• empowering
the directors ?.;to- Bell- the Folsom-street
property, ¦ but action on • It . wu ' deferred
until the next Quarterly meeting.
WITH the Palace Hotel handicap nn
the stellar attraction, a large crowd
of racegoers attended the sport at
Oakland track yesterday. The stake
was valued at $2000, and Bendoran ,
carrying Spencer and 124 pounds,
tiptoed out in front of his field from start
to finish.' . Five to two was the ' opening
quotation against Walter Jennings' bl,j
horse, many figuring the mile and a fur
long would prove too far for him. At this
price he was heavily backed/closing a 2
to 1 favorite. Of the other seven starters
Formero carried the most backing, and
then went out and made a very -poor
showing, the heavy and lumpy going ap
parently not being to the liking of Willie
Sink's horse. Topmast and Pat Morrissey
both * had admirers, but Imperious, after
his recent shabby run, appeared friend
less, his odds drlf tmg from 6 to 15. Fer
guson ; was in good form," ' an excellent
start being accomplished with no perceptN
ble delay. The race needs no description^
Bendoran led his field a merry chase from
the very Jump. Imperious seemed the only
one ' capable of raising any _. speed, and
though Dr.. Rowell's "Burns • winner"
closed in resolute fashion, he was two
lengths behind : the leader crossing the
wire. Storm King, . with a mortgage on
third place during the running, , finished
in that position, while Roslnante was
fourth, beaten ;' a -nose."-, "Pat Morrissey
seemed all at sea," bringing up In the rear.
After four straight favorites had caught
.the'eye of the Judges first. Cormorant and'
Lena enlivened the closing moments of th«
session ; by/ scoring " at most 5 remunerative
odds.» Plggrott rode the first named horse,
which was heavily backed around . the
rlngr.'- -. '"' :"*- ~* : - ; *'"¦ ¦ ¦ '
The jumping game seems to have made
quite a horse out of Durward, for he took
the ' opening i seven-f urlong • run cleverly
fromiUncle True.a3o to 1 shot. Henry
piloted , the .winner, "; which was* backed
from threes ; down ,t, to VllV 11 to 5. '. ,'. Greyhurst
managed to get=the show. 1 »'
;¦; Sofala'; seems 'unbeatable,* for; the four
furlong ~ : proved s only,; a I pick-up
f or, the crack filly, 'f- The : ring , laid , 7¦to 20
against her. chances, and she . won In an
ordinary " gallop. In a very .; close finish.'
Walsh landed Ahdrattus in -the place, a
nose before ' Intrada,/ , . '. ;'
Walter ..Jennings : started, the crack
three-year-old filly Andrisa; ln the third
number, . /over, a mile," V and ; she \ made
Flamora, ; Horton and Malay, look cheap.
The ringheld her, a I . to 2 chance around
post , time, £ and {the 5 daughter i' of ¦> St. 'An
drew •' only . galloped ' from ithe I start. 1 .'At
the end, Flamora held Hrrton safe for the
place.* ¦>:-V s "V--' '•?**' '" r : ; ' *¦}-¦*--<?, ¦"..'¦ "'¦•• •'
:,", Dr. v Nembula ; apparently.: did • not relish
' being raced : two ; days In ¦ succession, for,'
after being sent : to . the post : favorite'^ for
the - six r furlong ~ handicap, he absolutely
refused to break* with his field.'; The start
wu delayed some " time, the ' doctor , at
""When my mother died, about six years
ago, my relatives, who are well-to-do, al
lowed me to be sent to the poor farm.
I was there for several years until I went
to work for Chester Edwards, who raises
hogs for a living. All he gave me was un
clothes and food and he made me work
like a dog.
"When 1 got the offer to come to Cali
fornia I jumped at It. I would have gone
anywhere to get away from Edwards.
I did not know who Gardner was at the
time I received his letter, and did not
know he was my brother-in-law until I
reached San Francisco. After I arrived
here I wrote Edwards, Just for a josh,
that I had discovered that a rich uncle
had died here and left me his fortune of
naif a million. That gave him the idea.
I guess, that Hoy wanted me for the pu
pose of getting it, and I think old Ed
wards was planning to get. me back for
the same reason. Roy and sister are
treating me finely and I don't want to
leave them."
The boy has every appearance of being
well cared for and enjoying the promised
"fat of the land." . ; i'¦¦::.-'i '¦¦: :.-'
Piloted by Spencer, the Chestnut Horse Ran Circles Around
His Field in the Rich Palace Hotel Handicap. ?. jj
Imperious Second. -•
DEAD HEATHENS
STILL CLUTCHED
THEIR WEAPONS
Brazen Demands Are Made
of Police Before Tong
War Will Stop.
>
Ping Kong Tong Claims That Police
Wrecked Its Meeting Hall
and Will Bring
Suit.
The funerals of Low Chung and Pong
Kue, the two Sam Yup merchants who
were .murdered last week, took place with
elaborate ceremonies in Chinatown yes
terday. The most peculiar feature of the
burials perhaps was the fact that both
men were laid away grasping pistols and
daggers In their s aliened hands, symboli
cal of the deaths they met and the events
•which led up to them. The services,
which were the most elaborate held in
Chinatown for some time, and which
were arranged at a meeting of the Sam
Tup Society Friday night, were held un
der a canopy stretched over the street
and in front of the store formerly occu
pied by the dead men. Hundreds of robed
Mongolians assisted in the obsequies,
which lasted over an hour, and every
form of the Chinese burial rites were in
voked for the occasion. Two hearses,
drawn each by four horses and followed
by long lints of mourners and carriages,
bore the remains to their graves.
Wanted to Suppress Police.
At a meeting of the Six Companies held
Friday night some startling advances
were made to Detective Ed Gibson, who
represented the Police Department. The
•warring tongs had filed a communication
that they were willing to cease their
ctrife, provided the police would make no
arrests for the crimes already committed.
Gibson quickly resented the possibility of
any such compact ever being made, and
stated that Chief Sullivan would not rest
until he had the perpetrator of every of
fense behind prison bars. The reason
that such a proposition was made is be
cause of the fact that the police now
have In their possersion the information
of the Chinese murderers, and hope to
make arrests soon, and the highbinders
knowing this expected to protect their
Wed assassins, even at the expense of
abandoning the struggle.
Another peculiar demand made to the
police was that they do not molest any
of the seventeen highbinder tongs now at
peace Gibson replied that Chief Sulli
van was working on the theory of "In
times of peace prepare for war." ' and
would not wa<t until these tongs had be
come involved in some trouble before sup
pressing them. ...
A meeting of the See \ ups was held
lafit night. The Sin Sue Yini? and the
Hop Sing tongs were not present, but the
guev Sings made it known that they were
ready to settle the trouble and agree to
any terms which might be made by the
Chinese Consul. The tongs against the
Suey Sings will not yet agree upon any
settlement, and the Sam Yup Society Is
?articularly anxious- that they should not.
he condition, so far as peace Is.con
cerned may be said to be as turbulent as
at the first of the struggle, and bullets are
likely to fly at any time. The Chinese
Consul has requested the police to double
the squad for the weeding of highbinders
for the next few days, that crime may be
prevented until he can make another at
tempt to adjust the difficulty.
Will Sue the Police.
The Pine Kong Tong will commence
•uit against the police Monday morning;
Invested in "Fake" Mines.
Miss M. E. Rouch, dressmaker, 305 Lar
kln street, secured a warrant from Judge
Fritz yesterday for the arrest of John
C. Jens, on the charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses. She alleges
that on November 22 she was induced to
give Jens | $500 to invest in the "Mead
Gold Mine and Milling Company," on his
representation' that the . company, of
which he was president, owned rich
mines In Calaveras County, which paid
40 per cent Interest to investors. She
now declares that the representations
made to her were false, and wants her
money returned.
GREAT BASEBALL.
Santa Clara Defeats Berkeley
in a Hot Game.
SANTA CLARA. March 10.— The great
est game of the intercollegiate series was
played to-day on the college, campus,
Santa Clara College defeating Berkeley by
a score of 6 to 5. ¦ The game was replete
with sensational plays. and was always in
doubt until the last • man was retired in
the ninth inning.. -^ ¦'•¦• ' .' ¦;
Santa Clara started the first Inning with
one run and Berkeley followed with two
runs. Santa Clara tied the. score in the
third inning and by some clean hitting
and base running managed to forge two
runs ahead in the fourth inning. Neither
side scored again until the sixth . inning,
when Kaarsburg by ;a well-timed hit
brought in Smith. ¦ Berkeley scored two
more runs in the eighth, and when Santa
Clara came to the bat- in the first half of
the ninth inning the score was 6 to 4 in
favor of Berkeley. ; Then amid the great
est excitement ever seen at a game in this
locality the Santa Clara boys pulled the
game "out of, the fire,' scoring two runs
by the hardest kind of work. -^Berkeley
failed to score In her half of. the i Inning.
For Berkeley Hunter -was the star per
former. Kaarsburg also didjvell.but at
critical times became- somewhat nervous.
Santa Clara's general all round work was
good. The score:,
SANTA" CLARA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Leake. «.«........- 3 1. 11 1 8 0
Graham, c.:.... 6 0 .2 2 12 0 0
Kellv D • 6' 12 2 1 0 0
ConneV. 3b.... .....:•• * ° J « \ 0 0
Ftnnigan. 1. i ••• * } * J 1 1
Rvan r f... .....4.0 0 0 0 1 0
Farry/eVf.:. * 2 1 0 1 i o
Turner lb.. ••• * 1-2 15 10
Keefl. 2b.::.........._l _0 JO _1 _2 V_o
Totals ........ ...33 6-11 : » :2T Sr" 1
ri:*-.--:;,:--'-: : BERKELEY. ¦ ' ~'*i' ¦''"
• AB. R. BH. SB. PC A. B.
Hunter, s. ........... f 0' 0; 1 4 :,-j/ 0
Hamltn. lb 4 1 ; 1,^.1 9 -,*J : O
Smith, c....: « • , 2 5 -f 0
Klne 2b.. 4 ,1 * 0 2 1 0
Mein'rf -......."•? » 1 OS 10
McKewn.;i. i * 0 2 0 1. 0.5 0
Tallmage, c.'f........_4 _» J> >_« - _o ,< >0
¦ Totals ........ "-.3* "5 ; 10 "8 27-...15 .1
RUNS BY INNINGS. 1'""
Santa Clara... ."••••— JlOJ 1:210^0)0 o;j-«
Berkeley ...... ..T... :.v:.i« 0. 0 0 0;1^0,:l; o— 6
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Santa, i Clara 2. Two-bass hit-
Turner. - Sacrifice hits— Keef e, i Kaarsberg, Bra
ley. ¦ First base on errors— Santa Clara 1, , Berke
ley 1. First base on ballsy-Santa Clara 1. Berke
ley 4. Left on bases— Santa Crur 5. Berkeley S.
Struck out— By Kelly 9, , by • Kaarsburg 4. • Hit
by i pitcher— Keef e • (2), • Leake. Double > play—
Flnnigan to : Keafe. '••>., Time of ' came,' 1:60 - Um
pire. Anderson..";
Home From Across the Pond.
Sidney P. Robertson, a young journal
ist connected with the local staff of The
Call and business manager of Town Talk,
returned last night from a short trip to
London, Dublin and New York. In Lon
don he saw several regiments embark for
the scene of the war in South Africa, vis
ited the House of Parliament during a
session of the House and heard the great
est statesmen speak on the war question.
Robertson says that California wines are
daily becoming more appreciated in the
British Isles and that in a large number
of the leading railroad depots fine photo
graphs of scenes in the Golden State
were displayed that could not fall to at
tract the eye of the most unobservlng
traveler. In Chicago the snow was two
feet deep when he left, and he said that
the automobiles found great difficulty in
moving at all in. the deep snow. On' the
Lucania, which brought him from
Queenstown to New York, the last dinner
on board in the saloon cabin nearly ended
in a fight among the first-class passen
gers. The pilot was taken on board as
Usual at Sandy Hook and he informed the
news-seeking crowd that Ladysmith was
relieved. On the ..strength of the tale a
Member of Parliament opened champagne
for the whole cabin at dinner and also
proposed the health of the Queen. Sev
eral passengers objected, and springing
to their feet they dashed the wine on the
floor. The scene was very tropical for
a few minutes, but at last order was re
stored.
FIRE DESTROYS
LARGE FACTORY
AT NORTH BEACH
?
Furniture Plant of Golden
Gale Lumber Company
Goes Up in Smoke.
»
Three Alarms Call Out the Depart
ment, Which Does Good Service,
Fearing Rapid Spread of
the Flames.
The property of the Golden Gate Lum
ber and Furniture Company, In which D.
_H. Bibb Is a large owner and which stood
at the corner of Stockton and Beach
streets, was totally destroyed by fire this
morning. The entire plant was ruined.
The blaze was first discovered by Officer
W. H. Irvine at 1:15 o'clock this morning.
He at once. turned in an alarm, but by
the time the first engine arrived on the
scene the fire had acquired such headway
that it was necessary to ring in two moi-'j
alarms and employ the companies that
responded in preventing the flames from
spreading to the adjoining property. .
Until an investigation is made it will
not be definitely known where the fire
originated or what caused It. It was first
discovered in the rear of the building and
from its location it would seem as though
it had commenced in the polishing room
on the second floor.
The nature of the material, which con
sisted of lumber, furniture and the usual
stores of oils, paints and varnishes em
ployed in decorating and beautifying the
manufactures made it splendid food for
the names, which lit up the skies with a
glow that made it appear at a distance
as though the whole of North Beach was
one mass of conflagration.
The heat of the flames was intense and
the residents of the vicinity have to
thank a calm night and the splendid work
of the Fire Department for being spared
their homes, which • would surely have
been consumed had there been a strong
wind, and had the fire laddies been less
prompt in answering the alarms or less
energetic after arriving on the scene.
The Golden Gate Lumber and Furniture
Company was one of the largest concerns
of its kind oh the coast, and employed
over fifty men in its different departments,
who will now be out of employment, as
the whole concern is totally wrecked, not
so much as one stick of furniture nor the
smallest bit of machinery escaping/the
general ruin. •
The principal stockholder In the concern
Is D. H. Bibb, who will be out his propor
tion of a loss that the most conservative
estimate places at between $75,000 and
$100,000. . • V: V .
During the ; conflagration Joseph Wolfe,
a fireman on Truck 2, was caught under
some falling rafters on the north side of
the building and severely, burned about
the neck and arms.
Wolfe, who is considered one of the best
men in the department, has only been
connected with truck 2 for. a month,'al
though he was attached in the same ca
pacity to truck 1 for the previous eight
years. His bruises and burns, -while seri
ous and painful, are not fatal.* This was
the only accident attending the fire, ¦¦'
for the alleged destruction of the furni
ture In its neadquarters and bodily in-
Jury done to some of its members by the
Chinatown highbinder squad. The high
binders claim that the police entered their
quarters Friday night, smashed chairs
and mirrors and assaulted and kicked
some of the Chinamen who happened to
be present. The whole thing is believed
to be a ruse to get rid of police molesta
tion by the highbinders. They claim that
Detective Ed Gibson was one of the party
that did the damage, but at the time
stated Gibson was at a meeting of the Six
Companies mentioned above, and the Chi
nese Consul vouched for his innocence
last night.
The fact that there was no shooting in
Chinatown during the blockade was due
to the vigilance of George and James
Downey and Gus Finn, three special po
licemen who remained In the Chinese
quarter while the embargo was on. They
report many suspicious gatherings, but
always kept the highbinders under sur
veillance and prevented them from doing
bloody deeds.
Highbinders Still Arrive.
A large number of the Wai Ting Tong
highbinders, members of a branch of the
society to which the murdered merchants
belonged, arrived in Chinatown last night,
and are being closely watched by Ser
geant Mahoney's squad and Detective
Gibson. On the night previous the Chi
nese Consul reported to the police that
another band of highbinders had come
from Interior points to this city and were
preparing for work. The Consul sent for
Sergeant Shea and gave him the infor
mation on which the police are now work
ing.
officers of the law to communicate with
him.
The Call undertook to solve the mystery
yesterday afternoon, and as the "result
of an hours work is enabled to give the
facts of the case.
George Storah, who Is about 17 rears
of age, is not being deprived of his
liberty; he is not heir to a fortune ani
he has never before had such a good tim-;
as he is enjoying now. A Call reporter
had no difficulty in Interviewing him. lie
was alone at the Gardner home, having
Just returned from the matinee, and was
preparing to take a stroll out to the
park. He said he had come to California
in search of a new friend and Instead had
found a long lost sister.
"Mrs. Gardner is my sister." said the
lad. "and that is the reason I am here.
When she married Roy Gardner there
was some trouble about it and our
relatives abused her. She and Roy left
Maine and nobody there knew what be
came of them. She did not want them to
know where she was, and when she
thought of sending for me she had Roy
do the writing.
GEORGE STORAH, WHOSE CASE MYSTIFIfcD THE POLiCrE,
FLYING BENDORAN FIRST
FROM START TO FINISH
DISCOVERED TWO
SKIRTS HIDDEN
IN A PARK CAVE
Mysterious Disappearance of
Daisy Brown, a Fair
Young Waitress.
She Drops Out of Sight, Leaving Her
Mother Distracted and the
Police . Completely at
a Loss.
The police have a mystery on their
hands which they are diligently striving
to unravel. Yesterday afternoon Officer
Clark, while exploring a cave In Golden
Gate Park contiguous to the McAllister
street entrance, discovered two skirts, a
black dress,- a silk waist, sewed tp the
collar of which was the number 11, and a
gossamer, which had the appearance of
having seen better days.
At first suspecting that the articles had
been cached by a thief the police officer
lost no time in taking them to pr-lice
headquarters. Detective Anthony was de
tailed to solve the mystery, and by dint
of Investigation he learned that the
clotht'3 belonged to Daisy Brown, an at
tractive girl of 16 years, who up to yes
terday had worked as a waitress in Den
nett's restaurant at 749 Market street.
Further investigation revealed that the
girl had disappeared without leaving aer
future postoftice address. Last night the
police were scouring the city for her, but
without getting a trace of her where
abouts.
She Disappeared Before.
Daisy formerly lived with her mother in
Oakland. About two months ago she sud
denly disappeared and the police were
promptly notified. As she failed to 'ndite
the usual farewell letter her dlstract'-d
mother at lirst- concluded that she had
been murdered. While the detectives rf
this city and Oakland were vainly striv
ing to get a trace of her she returned to
her home and told a silly story of how
she had been kidnaped and held for ran
som.
xit-r story was believed and she was
given her usual place at the family
nearth. Since then Daisy has been a
model young woman.
A few weeks ago Mrs. Brown and her
daughter moved to this city and went to
live in a lodging house at 256 Eighth
street. Another daughter of Mrs. lirown
also livesin the same house. Anxious to
assist her mother, Daisy secured employ
ment as a waitress in Dennett's restau
rant, working from 11 o'clock until 2. and
being paid at the rate of 35 cents a day.
After laboring for several wseks she
finally tired of her' job and frequently de
clared her intention of srekine another
position, where her services would be ap
preciated and her wages increased. -
Drops Out of Sight.
About 11 o'clock yesterday morning she
appeared at the restaurant -•and went to
work after chiding the other waitresses
about their appearances. SKfc labored
until 2 o'clock In the afternoon and .walk
ing up to the counter was given' 35 cents,
her daily pittance. That,'.. -.was "the
last ' seen of her. i Her two , waists . and
skirts and gossamer were; found. secreted
In the cave in the park three hours after
she had left the restaurant. ' - : ¦•-•¦-; •-,.
A peanut vender who has a 1a 1 stand close
to the McAllister-street entrance . says
that he saw a girl answering the descrip
tion of Miss Brown entering the park a
few minutes before 3 o'clock. 3h» car
ried a small package, which she aoueht
to hide under her cape.
Her Mother Distracted.
The most puzzling feature of the case is
why the girl should seek to hide her gar
ments in Golden Gate Park. Detective
Anthony is satisfied that, again tiring of
parental restraint, she secretly took the
articles away from ' her home and hid
them in the cave in the expectation of re
turning in a few days and taking them
away.
The mother of the missing girl refuses
to throw any light on her disappearance.
While prof esßlng an absence of anxiety,
she Is, however, distracted over her ah
sence and has appealed to the police to
assist her in finding her absent daughter.
Among her fellow-workers the girl al
sways appeared cheerful, and at times af
fectionately spoke of her mother. The
police strongly think that Mrs. Brown,
suspecting that her daughter was about to
skip visited her place of employment fi
few minutes after 5 o'clock yesterday aft
ernoon, and" was surprised to ; find her
gone. She hurried home, and missing the
skirts and waists belonging to her daugh
ter confided her suspicions to . another
lodger in the house.. ¦¦_ ¦"
To-day the police will redouble their
effort in trying to locate the girl and. are
hopeful of clearing. up the mystery -at
tached to the discovery other garments
In the cave in Golden Gate Park.
SOUGHT A NEW
FRIEND; FOUND
A LOST SISTER
Dame Fortune Smiled Upon
George Storah, an
Orphan.
Police Detectives Shadowed a Couple
Suspected of Conspiracy Who
Turned Out to 3e the Boy's
Benefactors.
For the last four weeks the eleuths of
the "Police Department have been
shadowing Royal Gardner and wife of SlO
Grove street, acting on the theory that
the couple were conspirators who were
planning to get possession of a vast es
tate left to an orphan bey named George
Storah, whom Gardner recently brought
out from Auburn, Maine. The police
claim that for all of the time mentioned
they have been endeavoring without suc
cess to get an Interview with the boy,
whom they assert has been practically a
prisoner In the Gardner home.
According to the story told by the po
llca, part of which Is admitted to be true
by Storah, the boy had been- living at
Auburn. Maine, with a man named Ches
ter Edwards. About the middle of last
January he received a letter from Cali
fornia, signed Royal Gardner, in which
tl.* writer stated that he had made the
discovery that he had been a friend of
Storah's father and that as he was lone
ly, with no relative on earth, he request
ed the son of his old friend to Join him
In California, where he promised he would
enjoy the fat of the land.
Storah Jumped at the offer and In due
course of time received a remittance from
Gardner to pay his transportation to the
Pacific Coast.
Some weeks later Chester Edwards,
who claims to have reared the boy from
childhood, became suspicious that the
Gardner offer to the lad had been made
¦with some ulterior motive. He advised
the Chief of Police of his fears. He Ftat
t-d that Gardner had never been heard of
before In Auburn and as young Storah
was the heir to a vast fortune he sus
pected that the man was playing a des
perate game to get possession of it.
This Information was turned over to
Secretary Parnell of the California Soci
ety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children and Officer McMurray was de
tailed to assist in the Investigation.
After five weeks' work he reported that
the deeper he probed into the affair the
greater became the mystery. He had
demonstrated to a certainty four things—
that Gardner and a woman, supposed to
be his wife, lived at 810 Grove street;
that Gardner "had money in the bank."
for he made a daily visit to a Market
street safe deposit vault; that he played
the dog races at Ingleside, and that the
boy had not been murdered.
All efforts to ascertain anything further
had failed. No interview could be lia>l
with the boy. because the Gardners kept
him in seclusion and refused to allow the ,
JPrevented by Warm Shampoos with Cuticura. Soap,- fol-
lowed by light dressings of Cuticura, purest of emollient
Skin Cures. This treatment at once stops falling hair,
clears the scalp of crusts, ; scales, and dandruff, soothes irri-
tated, itching surfaces, stimulates the hair follicles, supplies
- the ¦ roots /with energy, and : nourishment, and makes the
hair grow on a clean, wholesome scalp, when all else^fails.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for, Every Humor, $1.25,
consisting of Coticuba Soajt (We.), to oleanae the ikln of cruata and scales and toftes
the thickened cuticle, CtrriCUKA Ointment (30c.) , to lnsUnuy allay Itching, irritation, and
Inflammation, and soothe and heal, mad Cuticvka Bmoittot (50c.), to cool and deans*
the blood. A single set Is often sufficient to core the most torturing, disfiguring skin, scalp,'
and blood humor*, rashes, itching*, and Irritation*, with low of hair, when tha best phrsl-
elans and all other remedies fail. Sold throughout the world. Potter Dko» un> Cab*.
. COST, Prop*., Boston. " How to Preserve, Purify A Beaattf y the Hair, Hands * SUo/'trNh
I Pages 23 to 32
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 11, 1900.
Pages 23 to 32
last being practically left. • Plggott
hustled the 8 to 1 shot Cormorant away
first and was never -headed. Vesuvian
came with. a rush.when too late, losing
by two lengths at • the ;wire. ' Good Hope
ran a close third.- ', .'••¦•;
Captive seems unable 1 to win ' a race.
After his chances looked very rosy In tha
final mile run, Powell slipped up . with
Lena, a 7 to 1 shot, beating the big chest
nut horse out half a . length.
Track Notes.
The Judges ordered the entry of Dr.
Nembula refused In future at Oakland.
Lena, winner of the last event, was bid
up to 1600 by P. E. Jones, at which figure
the mare's owner ceased bidding, and she
changed hands.
"Boots" Durnell offered Walter Jen
nings $10,000 for Bendoran,* but the offer
was declined. However, Mr. Jennings
said {20,000 would buy the great sprinter.
When the starters for ¦ the last race
came out Perseus seemed stiff and sore,
and as he was favorite the Judges sent
the horses back to the paddock, ordering
the Cambridge stable entry scratched.
Linforth-Kellogg-Bensley Estate.
United States Commissioner Reacock
filed yesterday with United , States Dis
trict Judge de Haven his report of testi
mony taken In the matter of the excep
tions of E. "W. Chapman, a creditor to
the account of John Lloyd, assignee of
the estate of Llnforth, Kellogg & Co. and
John Bensley, In bankruptcy.
Judge Heacock finds that the total re
ceipts have been (23,590, disbursements al
lowed, $17,156 86;. total amount paid Regis
ter and Clerk, suspended because not
taxed, $13irt» 40. The assignee's commis
sions are not computed because the total
amount of money received and -paid had
not yet been ascertained. ....Interfraternity Football.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD iUNrVERSITT.-.March 10.—
The first of the interfraternity baseball
games was played on - the campus this
rnorning between the Phi Delta Theta and
Delta upsllon fraternities. Tbe game was
close and exciting throughout. Th© Phi
Delta Theta boya 1 won i br i a? soore ; of ll
to 10. :
McGraw Sold to St. Louis.
NEW YORK. March 10.— Charles E. Kb
bitts, president of the Brooklyn baseball
Club, announced to-night that his club
had sold the release of McGraw, late man
ager of the Baltimore club; Robinson
captain and catcher of the ex-Baltimores
and W. Kiester to the St. Louis club. The
amount of the purchase Is said to be in
the neighborhood of $15,000.
Champion Cavill Arrives.
Sid Cavlll's sixteen-year-old brother, the
champion swimmer of Australia, arrived"
on the steamer yesterday from the Antip
odes. •*
Deckelman's Lawrence beat J. R. Smith's Vic
tor Queen. 3—l; P. Rally's M&stsr Mat beat
Gus Abercrombie's Rock Island Boy, 14—9:
Lowe & Thompson's Little Fullerton beat Con
nell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant. 4—o: E. M. Kel
losk's Hummer beat W. H. Shear's' Liberty
Bell. S— 3; J. H. Perigo'B Controller beat H. A.
Deckelman's Prince' George, » — *; J. Mooney's
Silent Treasure beat T. J. Cronln's Daisy Dale,
s—l; R. E. de 8. . Lopei's Peplta beat I. H.
Frank's Jenny Lind, »— 2: P. Reilly's Rich
mond Queen beat J. McNeil's Captain Byrne*.
5—3: E. D. McCormack'g Valley Forge beat J.
McEnroe's Admiral Sampson. 3—o: J. McEnroe 1 !
Ptonehen^e beat F. C. Mack's Delia M. t- 1;
E. M. KellOßg's Kid McCoy beat H. G. Nlchol's
May Herschel. s—l: J. J. Edmonds' Morning
Glory beat D. Byrnes' Mollle Horan. 6—l; P.
Rellly's Expense beat J. Holloway'a Brian
Boru. 7—l: E. D. Fallon's Lily of th« West
b«>at D. Toland's Twilight Jr., 4—o; J. Mc-
Enroe's Xor'west beat H. Lynch' 9 Lottie M.
4—l;4 — 1; T. J. McHugh'e Mo6a Rose beat W.
Barrj-'s F!nn McCool, 7—l; J. R. Smith's
Magic beat Connell Bro«.' St. Helen. 8—1:
Lowe & Thompson's Flora McDonald beat 3.
E. Cone's R»d Glenn. . t— 4; E. M. Kellosrg's
Ben's Babe beat Gus Abercrombie's Victor King.
4-1: Kay Bros." Hawker beat M. Donlea's
Fenian Boy, &— 0: J. I. O'Brien 1 ¦ Pasha Queen
beat E. M. Kellogg's lowa Maid. 4—l: J.
Maher' » Benlcia Boy beat Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Miss Cable, 3—o; J. J. Edmonds' Go On
beat T. Murphy* Ornament. 4—3; T. Tlerney*»
Tea Rose beat J. I. O'Brien's Statesman. 4— »;
H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway beat J. Talbot's
Blackrock. 5— 2; J. H. Peril's Lady Davenport
beat D. Hooper's Morse's Patrol. 2— J, S^-»; Cap
tain Kane's Greenhall beat Curtis & Son's
Terronlte. s—l; J. Carroll's Bluestone beat P.
Cronln's Master Gordon, 7—5: M. Michalek's
Old Glory beat W. 8. Hobb's Mercy May. »-!;
J. CSmlth's Sensation beat Gus Abercrombie's
Rock Island King. 4—3: H. Lynch* Lexington
beat D. Toland's Pleasant Girl, 2—o; J.
Holden'a Scottish Chief beat R. Str-hl's Sky-:
light, 6—o: J. H. PerUo's Bohe beat Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Miss Penman, s—o; D.
Dowst's Sarcastic beat J. McEnroe's -Lady
Trilby, s—o; J. I. O'Brien'* Wandering Tom
beat W. N. Hoaar'a Lady Norborne. 3—3. 12—3:
J. Carroll's Auckland beat J. R. Smith's Lady
Searu, 5—3; Russell, Allen ,&. Wilson's Belle
Clalr beat J. Carroll's Red Hind. 10—3: J.
Perry's Commodore Naeh beat P. " Cronln's
Cymro, B—o.8 — 0. -
UNION PARK COURSING.
Favorites Captured Mo6t of the
Courses Yesterday.
With an Ideal spring day and a good
card, the patrons of Union Coursir.g Park
were treated to some excellent sport yes
terday. Favorites ran true to form, and
as ¦ the half-dozen short enders which
landed won strictly on merit every cne
was satisfied. - .• •
The first course of the day was a sur
prise. Lady Blanche showed a decided
change of form from that exhibited in her
previous performances,: and got the flag
from Wait a Bit with a score of 8 to 2.
Wait a Bit was a 6 to 1 favorite. Plough
boy showed well and should win to-day
from Maori Land. Mose ran away from
J L R and is a favorite over Maggi* N
for the first tie. Royal Flush" beat .Wild
wood with a clean score, and last wet-k's
prize winner is looked upon as able to do
the trick again to-day. Rocker had noth
ing to do in winning from Johnnie F, an 4
is a favorite .over Glenroy •In to-iay's
courses.
Curtis & Son's kennel showed to good
advantage. Cash. Vanity Fair. Maud 5,
Narcissus. Vulcan and Terrona of their
string landing winners.. The makeup [or
to-day should result in some good .sport.
Following are the day's results, with tbe
official score:
Open stake: E. Casserly"s Lady Blanch* b»at
BOXING.
115 pounds — Frank McConnell, Olympic Athletic Club.
125 pound* — John I». Scholes, Toronto Athletic Club.
135 pounds — James E. Britt, Olympic Athletic Club.
145 pormds — H. W. Fincke, Olympic Athletic Club.
15S pounds— W. J. Bodenbach, New West Side- Athletic
Club.
HeaTy-welght— -J. A. IMunroe, Olympic Athletic Club.
WRESTLING.
125 pounds — Joseph F. Benzland, St. George Athletic Club.
135 pounds — Max -Wiley, Rochester Athletic Club.
145 pounds— Max Wiley, Rochester Athletic Club.
15S pounds— Fred Bayly, Olympic Athletic Club.
Heavy-Freight — Chris Peterson, Relume* Athletic Club.
1-F. E. .MASON. 2-^D. W. HcLAUGHLIN. 3-1). B. FAKTOR. 4— C. M. HENDERSON. »-F. TV. BELKNAP.
6— DR. L. O. RODGERS. 7— J. E. GORMAN. &— F. P. SCHUSTER.
Cjp.£ RlFL.Ema.tch of. more than usual interest is to '
11 \\ take place on the.Shell Mound range on March IS.
/==\ Last summer the Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol
,£J v, Club took part in a contest for a trophy offered by
Outdoor Life of: Denver, Colo., in which many of
the clubs east of the Rocky Mountains participated. The '
Golden Gates won the prize, a beautiful Winchester tar-
get rifle. The coming match Is to decide who shall have
the prize. The contest Is to be 100 shots, 200 yards, 25-rins J
target, and the contestants of the winning team are F. E.
Mason. C. M. Henderson, Dr. L. O. Rodgers. D. B. Faktor,
D. W. McLaughlin and F. P. Schuster. It Is not often that '
such a bunch of expert riflemen come together in a per-
sonal contest, and the result will be looked forward to
with Interest.
In addition to tha^ riflemen mentioned there were two
substitutes in case by any mishap the required number
should not be able to contest. Although J. E. Gorman
and F. W. Belknap will not contest for the trophy, they
still figure as important factors in club's shooting talent,
The Golden Gate Club members, feeling that they might
ta, l, T,\ y be considered the rifle champions of the West, are
1 1JL lns nA o ri rI?r I?£ C m ?nv OB n I,l h l,r Il sslsf' pei a"d.try conclusions
?i"} D? n £ challen« Lr * t^m* £iw t« n£« WUI
t a r C 0 C p e ft to'co^l'jlloto^ wSSttoS."to be mu^S
upon.
EASTERN ATHLETES CARRY OFF
BIG SHARE OF TOURNAMENT HONORS
CITY GOLFING
GIRLS DEFEAT
OAKLAND TEAM
San Francisco Bight Won
Home-and-Home
/-Match. ¦¦ :
Only Ten Competitors Enter, the Sec
ond Contest for the Champion
ship at Adams Point
Links.
¦ » . .
The home-and-home match between
teams of ladles of the San Francisco anil
Oakland golf clubs, played yestfi day
morning on the links at Adams Point,
was won by the San Francisco team, vshn
were 3 up. ¦. On the occasion of the first
contest, which was held on the Presidio
links two weeks previously, the San Fran
cisco eight won, 26 up. The trophy ac
cordingly becomes the property of th? San
Francisco Golf Club. The course at Oak
land was rain-sodden and heavy." pools of
"casual water" standing in several spots.
Miss Sarah Drum having left the city am'!
Miss Maud Mulllns being Unable to play
because of an. attack of la grippe,. Miss
Minnie 8.. Houghton -and Miss Rowc re
ceived . places on the team. The "highest
score was made by Mrs. Frederick E. Mn-'
gee of Oakland, who beat Miss /Row U
up." The best scoro for San Francisco was
that of Miss Mary Scott, who def^ate-l
Miss Alice MofP.tt 9 up. The scores are
given in detail below:
OAKLAND. Holes.
Mrs. H. H. fihei-wood 0
Miss Alice Moffltt 0
Miss Bfe Hoop»r ?.". 3
Mrs. Le G. C. Tlbbetts >. 0
Miss Lucy MofHtt *
Mrs. \V. P. Johnson 2
Mrs. Fred K.'Magee 13
Mrs. P. E. Bowles 0
: Total IS
•Tie.
SAN FRANCISCO. Holes.
Miss A. C. HofTman 4
Mtss Mary Scott «9
Miss Caro Crockett ; 0
Mrs. R. G. Brown 1
Mies Maud O'Coryior*. •
Misa Ella W. Morgan 0
Miss Rowe • 0
Miss M. B. Houghton 7
Total : 21
•Tie.
In 'the afternoon the opening round of
the competition for the championship of
the San Francisco and Oakland golf clubs
was played. The only competitors who
had qualified during the twelve days pre
ceding March 9 were ten Oaklanders, no
entries coming from any clubs to . the
north or south of San Francisco, nor even
from the San Francisco Golf Club, though
the contest' was open to members of any
recognized golf club on the Pacific Coast.
There being - ten competitors, six drew
byes and four entered the preliminary
round, over eighteen holes, match play.
The preliminary round resulted as fol
lows: P. E. Bowles defeated T. R. Hutch
lnson and F. S. Stratton beat R. M. Fitz
gerald. In the second, round there "were
eight contestants. The match between P.
E. Bowles and F. S. Stratton was not
played out, but on the. first nine holes the
latter was 1 up. E. R. Folger beat J. C.
McKee. W. E. Bowles Jr. won' from H.
Goodall by default and C. P, Hubbard de
feated W. . P. Johnson... Only one match
of the semi-final round was blayed, C. P.
Hubbard winning from P.' ,E. Bowloa Jr.
E. R/Fol per will play the. winner of'tha
Bowles-Stratton match, and if- he wins
will play in the final round against C P.
Hubbard. The semi-final and final rounds
will be completed on or before next Sat
urday, March 17. .-). . :v; -:."v
RACING-BOXING | SPORTS OF THE DAY | COURSING-GOLF
GOLDEN GATE RIFLE AND PISTOL
CLUB'S TEAM OF CRACK MARKSMEN
The Eastern boxers and wrestl«r» went
through the finals in the Olympic Athletic
Club Tournament last niffM Sn clever stylft.
Boxer Scholes g-alned the decision ov«r W.
J. Leonard h&ndiljr. and W. J. Rodenbach
had no difficulty in disposing of Joseph
Millet. In the wrestling Max "Wiley of
the Rochester Athletic Club, weig-hlng IV>
pounds, won in the lightweight data p.n-1
also in the 145-pcund class. In the middle
weight class he met J. Bayly of the Olym
ric Athletic Club, weighing 158 pound-.
*.nd could not throw, him. As Bayly had
¦Wiley in jeopardy twic* in the first bout
and the other two. bouts were equal. Ref
eree Eugene Van Court awarded the de
cision and the championship to Bayly.
The evening was marked by the ex
change of several pretty compliments and
catch-as-catcb-can speeches by the East
ern contingent. On behalf of the club.
President William Greer Harrison pre
sented William Nelson, the wrestler, and
J. J. Dukelow, the boxer, diamond scarf
pins wub the emblem of the club. lh«
winged "O." as the centerpiece. Both men
w«re called upon and made grateful little
Fpeeehes, In which they thanked the
Olympic Club officers and all with whom
th"ey had been brought In contact for thj
many acts of kindness of which they have
been the recipients during their stay here.
Wiley. Scholes and Rodenbach were also
called upon and responded. Rodenbach,
who if a general favorite, made the hit cf
the night. He prefaced his remark* by
¦aylng h« was unaccustomed to "speech
ing." and then told how Eastern people
had warned them about coming here.
Tbejr were advised to practice walkinsr,
a* that was the only way they would ever
*>? able to reax-h home. They found every
thing congenial here, however, having
been entertßlned royally.
Scholes thanked the spectators for the
ovation he had received, paying it was the
moet cordial ever accorded him in his box-
Ing career. —
The muchly dlPcuseed meeting of Scholea
and Leonard was an exciting affair, in
•which Scholes proved himself by far the
cleverer boxer. Leonard mad* a sensa
tional finish of it. but the shifty Canadian
never seemr-d in danger. From the start
Leonard, was aggressive, his opponent's
reputation apparently not frightening
him. Scholes' favorite blow was a -lett
ia b. which L/eonard could not avoid. To
off pet this he swung both right and left,
but not effectively, although he reached
the body often. His swings for the h^ad
invariably encircled Scholes' neck, doing
no damage. Leonard slipped down in the
second round, and a moment later nt.s
knocked down fairly, staying on his knees
nine seconds. He was dazed from head
and body punches near the end of the
round. In the third round Leonard tried
slugging, and landed one resounding blow
n*>ar the end of the round. The decision
went to Scholes on points.
Joseph Millet took a lot of punishment
from w. J. Rodenbach, hut was game and
stayed the limit. He had a big lump over
|^ «^^*^j
¦DR.'t ALCOTT SCO.
EVERY FORM. OF WEAKNESS
AND CONTRACTED DISEASES OF
Men Only.
T mow "TAR I CO e EL E\
%SOPPORTBferV# Cured in one week at office, or. »
¦ *§^%~^J^yV*jr our wee^ s °^ home treatment, /
m t) • ISk \^m without operation, electric bolt or r
*~'M- suspensory. We have cured over \
% AWAY # 2000 cases without a single ~fail- (
%:'. # ure. or unpleasant result. V/e in- \
'% .. # vite correspondence and the full-. /
- r M est investigation of our methods ,
.^¦Lsdsßsl an<^ reliability. i
997 Market Street, Entire Upper- Floor, Corner Sixth.
Lost a Winning Ticket.
OAKLAND. March 10. -William Thomas,
a racetrack frequenter, was arrested to
day on , complaint of James A. Lawton.
who charged Thomas with stfaUng a win.
ning pool ticket for - $30 ¦ from him.
Thomas was arrested by Deputy sheriff
George Taylor.
HANDBALL MATCHES.
The matches arranged for to-day in
Phil Ryan's handball court are as fol
lows: ' ¦-."¦_ ; V. " .
G. McDonald and M. McNeil vs. p. McKln
non and D. Rodjrers: D. O'Brien and P. Basch
vs. M. Berwln and T. McManus; A. McVicker
and T. Leach vs. G. Smith and J. Condon- J
J. Canavan and G. B. Hayward vs M Klrby
and J. Braun; W. H. Sieberst and E. McDon
ough vs. N. J. Prendergast and W. H. Kedlan'
W. Fisher and W. Manlon vs. P. Ryan and M*
Baech; J. R. Bookman and D. J.- Bheehan vs'
L,. Waterman and E. Lynch; E. Toy and r'
Hansman vs. W. Maguire and B. Curley M j'
Kilrailon and R. Linehan vt. J. Harlow and j!
w'hlte. . •¦ "•
STANFORD WINS.
Last of the Series of Games With ths
Fir email's . Fund.
Special. Dispatch, to The Call, ' .
STANFORD. irN'IVERSITT/ March 10.—
The last of the scheduled baseball .'games
to .' be .. . playe.d between . the. Fireman"*
Fund '. and? the '..Varsity teams' .took ' placft
on' the .college [campus this 'afternoon.
From; the start the college team led "th«
visitors; though the result was In -doubt
throughout the entire game. :The'.only
scoring done by the Firemen was .during
the eighth inning, when two men were
let in by errors on the part of Stanford.
Lanagan pitched In his usual form,
striking out ten men to six by Moskiman.
The battiner and ba?e running of the Var
sity showed .marked Improvement. Ths
score was 3 to 2 in Stanford's favor.
Crescent City Races.
NEW ORLEANS, March 10.—Four.fa
vorites were beaten this afternoon. Re
sults: v ; -.'. : ' :
Mile, handicap— Prince of Verona won. Knight
Banneret second, Ben Chance third. Time,
1:44%. .
Four furlongs— Frema. won. Jane Wood sec
ond. Francis Rels third. Time, :50>4.
Steeplechase, short course handicap— Jim
Hogg won. Varf Brunt second, Seldenbach third*
Time, 3:21^. ¦ ••
Seven furlonps. handicap — Tobe Paine won,
Acuehla second. Sea Knight third. Time. l:30H-
Mile and five elrhths, selling:, Albert Vale
won, Ban Quo II second,- Julius Caesar third.
Time, 2:54.. . ..- . - •
- Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Plantain won,
Mnrlon San3on second, Shlnfane .third. Tlm»,
1:51H- ¦' .
Six furlongs— DigM won, Nellie Prlnoe second.
Free Lady third. Time, 1:18%.
his right eye and hugged constantly to
avoid- punishment.
'¦- Wrestler Wiley did wonderful work on
the mat." He first met Dr. C. E. Wilson,
whom he Cattended out on his shoulders
¦In five minutes and twenty-eight seconds
i with a crotch hold. Wilson made a game
| fight and got out of a number of danger-
I ou» place*. Wiley next threw J. .H.
t Splro after one bout of- six minutes and
the second of 5:20. Wiley was thrown
heavily on his head on th* bare boards
once, but sustained no damage. When
Splro was thrown he had attempted a
counter lock. Wiley responded with a
half-Nelson and Spiro tried to spin out of
it. The edge of the mat Ftopped him. and
before he could get over Wiley pulled him
down.
Wiley lof* to Bayly of the Olympic
Club after three bouts. Referee Van
Court said the last two bouts were even,
but in the firFt Bayly led by placing his
opponent twice in jeopardy.
Frank McConnell Jr. practically
knocked out Daniel Danziger In the first
round of their bout for the feather
weight championship. After some fast
milling McConnell sent a stiff right to
the head and Danziger went down. His
head cleared slowly, and as he did not
get up as ten seconds were counted off
h#» was declared out.
James Brltt knocked out George
Eager with a right on th#» Jaw in the sec
ond round of thMr bout. Britt proved the
cleverer and also the harder hitter.
T. A Munroe. weighing 200 pounds,
knocked out Charles Gallivan. 160 pounds
in the second round.
The attendance was the largest of the
week.
HARES ARE FAST
FOR A DISTANCE
ON THE FIELD
Lead' Greyhounds a Merry
Chase at Ingleside Cours
• in^ Park.t
The ha res; at } Inglesida Coursing Park
yesterday showed great speed for a short
distance and made the fleetest of the
greyhounds extend themselves. Once the
dogs were within striking distance, how
ever, thoy'soon broke down the har«B> and
killed them. Favorite* were, with few
exceptions, successful. On« of the big
surprises of the day was the defeat of
Lottie M by J. McEnroe's Australian dog,
Nor'west. by a score of 4 to 1. Bone ran
in greatly improved form over her last
appearance and is picked by many to win
the stake. i' ; '-'"'W;
The weeding out process yesterday left
a lot of high-class greyhounds in to com
pete for the prizes to-day. These include
Connemara, Flora McDonald, Belle Clalr,
Lawrence. Little Full er ton, ; Kid McCoy.
Morning Glory. Lily of the West. Moss
Rose, Greenhall. Old Glory, Lexington
and others. The detailed results with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores, follow:
3. Dean's Connemara beat T. J. Cronin s
Vixen, 5-0: Curtis & Son's McKinley beat J.
R. 6mlth'» Master Davenport, 6—l; H. A.
CHAMPIONS OF PACIFIC COAST.
F. A. McComb's Wait a Bit, B— t; J. S&eridaa's
Forest Que«n beat R, L. Taylor l » Rowdy Boy.
?—2; M. London's Maeneto beat T. J. Cronini
Rose of Tralee. S— o; R. E. d« B. Lop<* A
Sons' Wonder beat F, A. McComb's Motto.
4-0 :¦ D. J. Heaiy's Maori Land beat Sam
Mount's Sam's Folly, 7—3; P. J. Reilly's
Plougrhboy beat J. D. Cardinell's TJsornhlll
Comet. S— o; D. J. Healy*s Magffia N beat Bar
t«ls Bros/ Best Bargain, &— 0; R. U Taylor's
Moe« beat J. L. Ross' JLR, 10-0; J. H, Har
rison's Hot Haste be»t A. Johnson's Tod Sloan.
T— 4; P. J. Reilly's Royal Union beat Erwin &
Lyons' May Queen. 4—2; Curtis ft 8on«* Cash
beat H. A, Deckelman's Snapshot, 4— «: Stsrl
& Knowlei* O'Hara beat O. W. Heinu's
Coquet. 6—l; Jeff Martlnett's Buxton beat P.
Horran's Lucre tia Borrla. 7— »'. Maher Sk
Reid's Uncle Fuller beat J. Murnane'* Bowery
Boy, Z— \; P. Horean's Manila beat R. E. da
B. Lopez it Sops' Crawford Lad. 3—3; Cartit &
Sons' Vanity Fair beat Joseph Shea's Fir*
Queen. 3—l;'F.3 — I;'F. A. McComb's Royal Flush baat
J. Muraane's WHdwood. S— »r St«ri tt KnowSes"
OVna. bear Curtl.« * Sons' E<-ho. 8—1; J. P.
Tbrtff a - Forget beat 1 9tert ' * ¦ Xno-»!»i' 61s«ty
Mist..' 5—2; - Pasha Kenne'a" - - Rolltcktn* . Airs
beat Sterl 4 Knnwles" For Clorr. 4—o; R. E.
de B. Lopez & . Sons' Gre«n Valley Maid beat
J. M. Haltcn's' Lavender. J— X; T. J. Cromn's
Maid of Bail beat J. M. Haltoa's Tlo Tas.- S— 2;
H. A.' Deckelman's Rocker btat J. Finn's
Johnnie F, 7—o; M. Michalak's (Hearoy beat
D. J. Healy's Grenada. •—*; Curtts & Sons'
Maud S beat R. E. de B. Lopex & Sons' Minn!*
Wi Wa t— o; Curtis & Sons' Narcissus bestt
R. . B. do B. Lopea & Sons' WhlWhead^ 4—l ;
F. A. McComb's Uttl« Sistar beat T. J.
Cronln's Thornhill. 6— o; Russell. Allen *• 'Wil
son's Master< Clair* b«at U. "W. H«lntz'9
Herschel's Pride. 6—o: Maher A R-UJ'» N'elll*
Bawn beat Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead.
?-0: Jeff Martlnetfs Slim beat J. M. Kaltcns
Said Pasha, 4—l;4 — 1; James Sheridan's Forest Kins
beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Julius Caesar,
S— !: J. Keenan's Royal Oak beat Jeff Marti
nett's Bill Foster. 4—'); P. J. Reilly'a Warship
beat Maher & Reld'a Bad Boy. s— «: J. P.
Thrift's Brutus beat P. Doyle* Wild Monarch.
4—2; Connell Bros.' Log Boy beat J. L. Ross"
Just Tip. 4—o: B. Geary's Ireland beat A.
Johnson's Bald Eagle, 6—o; James Dean's Gal
lant beat Jeff Martlnetfs B»rnal Boy. «— «:
M. J. O'Xell's Pat Rellly beat J. Rounlntt'a
Dtmpsey Lass. s—l:5 — 1: E. Geary's Palo'Alto heat
Paaha Kennels" Royal Anne. 7-*-3: Curtis .t
Sons' Vulcan beat J. P. Thrift's St. Michael.
S — t; M. London's Battle Ax beat Bartels Bros."
Best Brand. 14—0; F. A. McComb's Miss Sky
rocket, a bye: Curtis & Sons* Terrona beat Er
win & Lyons" Silver Wins*., 4— o: D. J. Healy's
Lady Claire beat Pasha Kennels' Reannex, 4—l.4 — I.
AS CARTOONIST WARREN SAW THE TOURNAMENT'S CLOSE.
HUNT CLUB MEN
RIDE OVER THE
MISSION HILLS
Picturesque Meet' of San Ma
teo County Hunt at
Ingleside.
Society honored the San Mateo County
Hunt and Its master, Francia J. Carolan.
yesterday by turning out In large num
bers at the first meet of hounds ever held
In the immediate vicinity of this, city.
The scene wa» the private clubhouse of
the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Inglesiae,
which had been placed at^he disposal of
Mr. Carolao for the day. Before the meet
the members of the hunt and others
were the guests -of the master at lunch
eon, which was served on the broad
veranda overlooking the ocean. Among
those who partook of air. Carolan's lav
ish hospitality were: ¦; ' V
Francis J. Carolan (matter ' of foxhounds)","
llr. and Mrs. Walter S. Hobart, Charles Dun
pny, J. J. Moora, Duncan Hayne, J. 11. Quay,
E. A. Holden, It. S. L. Hill. Rev. W. H L.
ORourke, Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey,
Maxwell McNutt, E. D Beylard, Mr and Mrs.
George H. Lent. Miss Hager. Mrs. Winthrop
Lester. Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Irwin. Misa Edith
Mcßean, Miss Cora Smedberg. I Peter D. Mar
tin. Walter Martin, Richard M. Tobin, John
Lawson, Mr. and Mre. C. G. Hooker. Miss
Hooker, Mr. and Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall, Major
J. L. Rathbone. George Aimer N'ewhall, Mr.
and Mrs. Mayo Newhall, Alexander yon Schroe
der, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph D. Grant, Miss Mc-
Clay, Lieutenant Halns. Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Mr. and Mre. William H. Crocker, Mrs. An
drew Martin, Mre. Eleanor Martis, Miss Mc
>.utt. Miss Ruth McNutt. Dr. de Man'ille.Mr.
and Mrs. A. J. Bryant, Mlbs Adelaide Murphy,
Miss Marie Wells. James D. Phelan. . Vander
lynn Ftow. Henry Wormington. Captain W. H.
McKittrick Lansing Mizner, Mr. and Mrs. W.
B. Bourn, Mr. and Mrs. James Carolan Mr.
and Mrs R. J. Woods. Mr. and Mrs. R. G.
Hooker, Mr. and Mre. A. M. Small, J Buckley
Johnson, Willis Polk Mr. and Mrs. James
Tucker, Mrs George H. Howard. Mr. and Mrs.
fJ^'Sr Mood y. M r. and Mrs. Poßtley and Ar
thur Putnam.
The hounds, in charge of Jerry Keating,
the huntsman, and Fred Johnson, the
whipper-in, were conveyed to the scene
lna special train together with the
horses which were to be ridden. After
luncheon there was a general movement
among the gentlemen of the party and
soon the courtyard of the clubhouse pre
sented both an animated and a pictur
esque appearance. A number of gentle
men appeared in the orthodox garb of
the English hunting field and wearing the
ultra-fashionable silk hat of the fox
hunting gentry. Those in scarlet coats
were Mr. Carolan, Mr. Hobart. "qharlev"
Dunphy, Peter Martin, J. J. Moore and
J. Downey Harvey, the latter a striking
typ ? °^, the rotund English hunting
squire. This group of scarlet-coated riders
was later increased by the addition of
the hunt servants, Jerry Keating and
Fred Johnson.
Shortly before 3 o'clock the hounds
w i e .u e ?£ n> J? 8 & t °V_ er from the stable and
with the field of horsemen formed a strik
ing picture on the track in front- of the
clubhouse. The balcony was thronged
with fashionably attired women, who ap
preciated the scene and applauded Mr.
Carolan and hie companions. One lady
tossed a corsage bouquet of violets at the
horsemen which started a perfect fusil
laae of flowers, an incident hardly pos
sible in any other country. at. this season
of the year. &^«9*tissßB)jw'93FHfS
After some gentle badinage had been
exchanged by spectators and riders the
field, which included two 'women — Miss
Marie Wells and Mies Adelaide Murphy
moved down the. track to the 'three
quarter mile pole, where the hunt proper
commenced. ¦ The hounds were soon oft
and the thirty riders in the field took the
first jump,' a relic of the old steeplechase
course. All went over without hesitation
and without incident, except that r.Miss
Wells lost her. hat. A gallant horseman
went to her assistance, and after restor
ing the refractory top piece went in ¦pur
suit of the rapidly. vanishing field.": 'ln. his
haste his own derby, . took ' unto
wings and he was forced; to the indignity
for it. The houndsand the
field skirted about the hill to the south
west of the track and were soon lost to
the sight of the. spectators.-. The finish of
the hunt was at Uncle Tom's cabin, a dis
tance from ,the start of .; some .twelve
miles.
The members of the hunt In their desire
to make as favorable an impression as
possible became too impetuous f or , the
success of. the hounds. ..The latter .would
nave made a better showing in the' field
had not some of the horsemen ; cut them
off from the scent under which conditions
they refuse to give tongue. v The field was
exceptionally well mounted,,the .horses
being all in fine trim. Walter Hobart.was
again mounted on his celebrated gray
Jumper. Royalty. The majority of the'
riders still cling. to the severe curb bridles,
in which horses cannot jump either, with
safety to themselves ,; or their riders
through fear of injury to their mouths.
John Lawson was the '¦• exception ¦to this
rule, havinr the bit and bridle 'which -is
the. vogue in; the English and Irish.hunt
ing, fields. .-, .-;--,., -?:w . ? - y -NC
TH3) SAST gBAKOIgQO OALJ. BTJSTDAY^ JJAROH 11, 1000.
THE CALL'S RACING GH ART.
(Cbpyrlght. 1900, by H. H. Ecbort.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. t UTA*y : l&*cct^VKlso(> : -2Vr<x^^
010. ¦ FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. ***o.
Time— H 'ISU- % :39?i; %. 1:05%: %, l:33Vi. Good , start. Won cleverly, second and tnird
driving' ¦¦ Winner James Wilson's b. g.. by kuke Blackburn-Amelia T. Dunvard was pamest.
Uncle True stood a, drive. .Greyhurst stopped. Scratched— Hannah Reid 106, ,Roadrunner
113. Bonlbel 105. ¦ ' 1 _ _^^^^^
Oil. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; . two- yoar-olds; purse. $400.
Timp \' t 4 25; \i, :ZD%.- ¦ Good start. Won _ easily, second and third driving. Winner, B. •.
Schrelber'V'ch. t:.- by Balgowan-Apozea. Easy, for winner. Laura Marie had early soeed.
lntrada would have been 6eeonairra < jej^_iTK>r£ p< jumps ; _^^
iH'Jt. THIKD RACE— One^mile; ' three-year-olds andupward; purse, $100. _¦..
©13. FOURTH RACE— One mile and an eighth; Palace Hotel hdcp.; 3-year-olds & up; J2ono.
rime— H. :13; %. :37H; %. 1-o*%;. %, 1:30^4; mile, 1:45; Wm, -1:67«4. = Perfect, start. . Won eas
ily, second • and. third driving. - "VV inner.- W.' B.= Jennings & Co.'s ch.h.," by lmp.*Slr Mod
¦ red-imp. Ornn. ' Imperious could have won. perhaps. ¦ at ; a longer - route. ?> Rosinante ' should "
; have been Inside the money. Storm King fulled, up .lame. - Formero- a -disappointment.
Scratched— Da^td^TennyJl^ Guard ¦ 112. -
914. .FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; free handicap; : three- year-olds < and upward: purse, $400. "']
rime— U.:2s; %, :50; %. 1 :«%.•¦ Good start, except - Dr. Nembula. .:: Won - easily, second and
; third ; driving. • Winner.jSam Parker's b.-h.v by. Phoenix-Glen Hop. Going Justsuited win- " '
. ner. .Vesuvian } closed • strong. :¦-: Obsidian outfooted. - Dr.^ Nembula . was gore refuilne to "•" •
>15.'EtXTH RACE^-Seven' furlongs: s selling; four-year-olds and upward :> purse t&O. •"
ri *"«r*Bi. :ll tt. : *t5t 5 *»*: H. ¦¦ V^^'oV,?*-;. Oo < )<1 ' •*•**• '-""¦«» • fl«t ; thrw , driving .v.wTHSS; <
? B.sP NicolT ¦ , oh. m.. > by ; Apaahe-RIU. ,-;¦ Cap ti v« stopped s last * part. - " Jockey > Bill '* no %*r:r
•Mid. Orion quit. - Scratched— TruxiHo tS, Chappla %ho, Torslna. 10«, , De Blalsi 110.1 Ob-
I $ioo.go Reward J
< I will be grladly paid to anyone who will furnish convicting 1 cvi- \ >
X dence ag-ainst imitators and substitutors who try to sell you X
% . worthless preparations when CASCARETS are called for. S
© Don't ever take substitutes, but insist on having- o
I J^^^^ CANDY CATHARTIC^ \\
J I . " ' ' • ' : ' - - >
i > The great merit of CASCARETS make* big- sales everywhere. \
5 • Therefore, now and then, dealers try .to , substitute „•• something- , >
J| just as g-ood." It's a lie ! Don't let them do it, andif they try, (
t) write us confidentially at once. Address' BteslK?g Remedy.' >
» Compan-v, Chicago or New York. All Druggists,, 10c, 25c, 50c. '
i Beware of Imitations ! !
24
;ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
(893) Durward, 6 110 1
906 TJncle True, 8...... .110 «
875 Greyhurst, 8.. ...... .112 4
¦881- Gold Baron. « .107 7
897 Sylvan I^aas, 4: 106 3
897 Wild Het. 5.... ...... MS 2
t S74 Synta. 4.... :106 8.
862 Clprlano. 5.. ...... ...110 S
364 Solano. 5.... 114 9
,*4m.
1 h
7 8
2 2
.", 5 2
8 4
' 4 >i
s;
6 n
9
—\ - ¦ .„ .-. (Betting.
%m. «4m. Str. Fin, j Jockey. |Op. Cl.
32~ 3^ ... In Henry •• 6 :? 11 ;j
4U 21; "... 2 2 Ruiz ••••• lo 2C
lh • 42 ... 83 PiKSOtt 5-2 3
!U 12 ... 410 Jenkins 6 «
5?4 51" ... 61 Romero. 10 U
614 - gl4 ... B8 Bozeman 8 i
810 820 ... 7 5 E. R0e5........ 8" 12
73 76 ... BSO J. Martin...... 8 I<l
:9. ,9 •.' .... 9 Golden ...... ..L 20 50
Index. .Hon».v- Weight. [St. jjm.
<8B4) Sofal*. ...... ...118 2 ...,
(833) Andrattu* : ....110 4 ...
,(?99) Intrada= .. ...110 3 ...
-85! Laura 'Marie.....'.. .llo 5 ...
894 El Kara... 7.... ¦...'.. 1<» 7
894 Loyal 5 . : 1'. '. . r.'. ... . . 103 1 ? . . .
:.. Saketo' ...¦..'.... -..'.'...11)81 6" • ...
ndex.
Horse.
Weight. ISt.
Hm.
Hm. >;m. Str. Fin. ¦[ . ¦ Jockfcy. |Op. Cl.
.;. llj U 12 Bullman ...... t-6 7-JO
2H 2n 2h T.Walsh. 7 7
4£ 4 3 3 1 Henry 4 7
'3 3 •3H 4 8 Jenkins ....... 7 10
... • 5 1 515 \lO I. P0we11...;.. E0 10D
... ' 6 5 610 610 Dletro ......... 60 200
•¦.:..'.--- T 7 7 Carter ........ ¦30 100
%m.
Index. Horse. A ge." Weight. \ St .. .-Jim.-'-'jiiii. - %m. Str. ¦ Fln. j | Jockeyw.- |Op. Cl.
861 Andrisa. " 2.. • • 96J"* 11H . 14 15 14 15 T. Walah S-6 l-»
<866)"Flamora, Z.,......?..1ftQ hi ' '2 5 ' 25 2C.25 .2 5 Henry ......... 6-2. 16-5
<SB4) Horton. 4..:. ......:. 110 '3 " ¦<" "•' ? ? • 3 W 3V, Ruiz .......... 6 9
iSaft) Malay. 4.......:. .'..'.. 112| *' 3 2-31 3^4 4 |E.Ross.. 5 8
Time— U • :25H: V>, :51i6: ¦%. '-1:17; -mile, I:4<H. Good start. Won easily, second easily, third
driving '•' "Winner .W.'iß."' Jennings'*. Co.'s b. f.; ; by : ima. St. Andrew- Fannie Louise. Only
an exercise (tallop' for the winner.-".' Horton could not set up. Malay Is stale.
[nflex. Horse. Age. :WelghUSt7' Urn: %m. ¦- \m. iStr;.
847; 8end0ran. 6 ,.....;. .124 "S . 1* : . 13 12 12
S9llmpfrious.,s ........109 4r :• -23: 22 22 21
R47: Storm .TClngr.' «.'..; r.lOS] 7.* .:•,.•• 3n, 3V4 8 M ¦-¦ .3 h
577 Rosinante, 6 .........10* 5 -.8- -8 ».. .44
(895) Topmast, a ¦': ...lOi ¦'»¦'¦• •• " U 75 , .4 H 5 2
877 • Formero, : 4 < v ;. .106 2- 6H BH .51 61
909 Uarda. 5 .....:.... ..109 6 : .42 - 4 2-. 71 , .T*-;
577 Pat Morri»«ey,-6...108 .1 ¦¦¦¦¦• 5 2 ¦ i V, 6 Vt 8- .
Fin. |¦. ¦: Jockeya. |Op. ~C\,
.1 2 Spencer ........ 5^2 • 2
.2 5/ E. R055........ 6- -15
¦ 8n» •: Ruiz ........... 8, 10
¦"•4 >¦»¦> J. Woods 6 :12
1 58- M.'Bergen S 7
61 Henry 6 6
• 7 10 ¦ Jenkins ,10 12
8 Bullman ...... ' S 6
tr.dex. Horse. Age. Weight. |Bt.
• 895 Cormorant, 4 v.;.:..1Hl 3 .
(854),Vesuvlan. 3 :....... 100 2
(909) Good H0pe.: 4....... .100 S
(90S) Obsidian. 4:.....::..105 4
883; Silver Tone." 4... ...108 5 ¦
(SC«) Dr.~ Nembula, v, 4.: .".ll? 1
. 887 ' Pat Murphy, a ... . . .78 1 • •
--..."• Durango. 4 ..: ..;.... ' 87| Left :
Age. Weight. |St.
Km.
Km.
Mm.-
14
2 1
« 10
;3H
5 n^
• : 7 "»:
4 « >
%m.
1 S
-¦3 1 "•
2 n ,
6 15
%m.
- Str. -
>1I • ;
¦ 3 1
2 3
4%
6 10
1 7 "-
Str.
Fin.
12.
2 n
,33
¦' 4 I.
5 10
"*« 1
Fin.
Jockeys.
. |Op. Cl.
Pitrsrott ¦..:....
T. Walsh...;..
Henry. -
Bull man ."....":
Ruiz ..:.:.-.....
E/Jones.":.":..". I
J.~> Martin
Brodlen ~.'~T. :
5
6
- 3
'¦, S t
6
' 2 .
50
100
8
' ¦- 6
7-2
i «
9
8-5
100
300
Index. Horse.
Age/ Weight.
ISt.
%m.
: m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
|Op.
Cl.
855 Lena, 6 ...: ...108 3.
90S Captive, a ..........113 4 ¦-';,'
830 : Jockey BUI,' 5.... T..112 6 ¦
SOS ; Cha«.' Le Bel. 6.T.-..110 ;l ¦ ; '
875 ': Towanda,^ 5 • ...:r:r.llO 6 '¦¦ '
SBi Orion,'* ..::'..7:r.*.v.U3 8 :
¦; 4 h ,:,¦¦
' 22- •;.';
3 h
;:¦ « ', •
¦?•;' B a:.;
- 1 n •¦¦
3 6.
-1-1 :
42 ' •
61
¦«- -
.-2 «4;
. 1 2 '
• 4 1
.6 ¦- ¦
51
3 1
.1 n-
¦-.-¦»%¦ •¦
8 1
6 1 .
r« :¦
i-v:
Ml H I. P0we11...... -5
24 • E.; Rosa. :.-..... 8-5
; 3 % Plggrottrn :..;. g
. . 1 4 1 1,*. Henry;.......... :•(
' ' 5 I>. Given* iv. '..:;.. 80 .
- J:vii- Jenkins :.;.-.;: M-;
8-5
¦ ; -''..jB?:-
v 5 i
•60
-• • ' 1 * ¦
;ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
(893) Durward, 6 110 1
906 TJncle True, 8...... .110 «
875 Greyhurst, 8.. ...... .112 4
¦881- Gold Baron. « .107 7
897 Sylvan I^aas, 4: 106 3
897 Wild Het. 5.... ...... MS 2
t S74 Synta. 4.... :106 8.
862 Clprlano. 5.. ...... ...110 S
364 Solano. 5.... 114 9
,*4m.
1 h
7 8
2 2
.", 5 2
8 4
' 4 >i
s;
6 n
9
—\ - ¦ .„ .-. (Betting.
%m. «4m. Str. Fin, j Jockey. |Op. Cl.
32~ 3^ ... In Henry •• 6 :? 11 ;j
4U 21; "... 2 2 Ruiz ••••• lo 2C
lh • 42 ... 83 PiKSOtt 5-2 3
!U 12 ... 410 Jenkins 6 «
5?4 51" ... 61 Romero. 10 U
614 - gl4 ... B8 Bozeman 8 i
810 820 ... 7 5 E. R0e5........ 8" 12
73 76 ... BSO J. Martin...... 8 I<l
:9. ,9 •.' .... 9 Golden ...... ..L 20 50
Index. .Hon».v- Weight. [St. jjm.
<8B4) Sofal*. ...... ...118 2 ...,
(833) Andrattu* : ....110 4 ...
,(?99) Intrada= .. ...110 3 ...
-85! Laura 'Marie.....'.. .llo 5 ...
894 El Kara... 7.... ¦...'.. 1<» 7
894 Loyal 5 . : 1'. '. . r.'. ... . . 103 1 ? . . .
:.. Saketo' ...¦..'.... -..'.'...11)81 6" • ...
ndex.
Horse.
Weight. ISt.
Hm.
Hm. >;m. Str. Fin. ¦[ . ¦ Jockfcy. |Op. Cl.
.;. llj U 12 Bullman ...... t-6 7-JO
2H 2n 2h T.Walsh. 7 7
4£ 4 3 3 1 Henry 4 7
'3 3 •3H 4 8 Jenkins ....... 7 10
... • 5 1 515 \lO I. P0we11...;.. E0 10D
... ' 6 5 610 610 Dletro ......... 60 200
•¦.:..'.--- T 7 7 Carter ........ ¦30 100
%m.
Index. Horse. A ge." Weight. \ St .. .-Jim.-'-'jiiii. - %m. Str. ¦ Fln. j | Jockeyw.- |Op. Cl.
861 Andrisa. " 2.. • • 96J"* 11H . 14 15 14 15 T. Walah S-6 l-»
<866)"Flamora, Z.,......?..1ftQ hi ' '2 5 ' 25 2C.25 .2 5 Henry ......... 6-2. 16-5
<SB4) Horton. 4..:. ......:. 110 '3 " ¦<" "•' ? ? • 3 W 3V, Ruiz .......... 6 9
iSaft) Malay. 4.......:. .'..'.. 112| *' 3 2-31 3^4 4 |E.Ross.. 5 8
Time— U • :25H: V>, :51i6: ¦%. '-1:17; -mile, I:4<H. Good start. Won easily, second easily, third
driving '•' "Winner .W.'iß."' Jennings'*. Co.'s b. f.; ; by : ima. St. Andrew- Fannie Louise. Only
an exercise (tallop' for the winner.-".' Horton could not set up. Malay Is stale.
[nflex. Horse. Age. :WelghUSt7' Urn: %m. ¦- \m. iStr;.
847; 8end0ran. 6 ,.....;. .124 "S . 1* : . 13 12 12
S9llmpfrious.,s ........109 4r :• -23: 22 22 21
R47: Storm .TClngr.' «.'..; r.lOS] 7.* .:•,.•• 3n, 3V4 8 M ¦-¦ .3 h
577 Rosinante, 6 .........10* 5 -.8- -8 ».. .44
(895) Topmast, a ¦': ...lOi ¦'»¦'¦• •• " U 75 , .4 H 5 2
877 • Formero, : 4 < v ;. .106 2- 6H BH .51 61
909 Uarda. 5 .....:.... ..109 6 : .42 - 4 2-. 71 , .T*-;
577 Pat Morri»«ey,-6...108 .1 ¦¦¦¦¦• 5 2 ¦ i V, 6 Vt 8- .
Fin. |¦. ¦: Jockeya. |Op. ~C\,
.1 2 Spencer ........ 5^2 • 2
.2 5/ E. R055........ 6- -15
¦ 8n» •: Ruiz ........... 8, 10
¦"•4 >¦»¦> J. Woods 6 :12
1 58- M.'Bergen S 7
61 Henry 6 6
• 7 10 ¦ Jenkins ,10 12
8 Bullman ...... ' S 6
tr.dex. Horse. Age. Weight. |Bt.
• 895 Cormorant, 4 v.;.:..1Hl 3 .
(854),Vesuvlan. 3 :....... 100 2
(909) Good H0pe.: 4....... .100 S
(90S) Obsidian. 4:.....::..105 4
883; Silver Tone." 4... ...108 5 ¦
(SC«) Dr.~ Nembula, v, 4.: .".ll? 1
. 887 ' Pat Murphy, a ... . . .78 1 • •
--..."• Durango. 4 ..: ..;.... ' 87| Left :
Age. Weight. |St.
Km.
Km.
Mm.-
14
2 1
« 10
;3H
5 n^
• : 7 "»:
4 « >
%m.
1 S
-¦3 1 "•
2 n ,
6 15
%m.
- Str. -
>1I • ;
¦ 3 1
2 3
4%
6 10
1 7 "-
Str.
Fin.
12.
2 n
,33
¦' 4 I.
5 10
"*« 1
Fin.
Jockeys.
. |Op. Cl.
Pitrsrott ¦..:....
T. Walsh...;..
Henry. -
Bull man ."....":
Ruiz ..:.:.-.....
E/Jones.":.":..". I
J.~> Martin
Brodlen ~.'~T. :
5
6
- 3
'¦, S t
6
' 2 .
50
100
8
' ¦- 6
7-2
i «
9
8-5
100
300
Index. Horse.
Age/ Weight.
ISt.
%m.
: m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
|Op.
Cl.
855 Lena, 6 ...: ...108 3.
90S Captive, a ..........113 4 ¦-';,'
830 : Jockey BUI,' 5.... T..112 6 ¦
SOS ; Cha«.' Le Bel. 6.T.-..110 ;l ¦ ; '
875 ': Towanda,^ 5 • ...:r:r.llO 6 '¦¦ '
SBi Orion,'* ..::'..7:r.*.v.U3 8 :
¦; 4 h ,:,¦¦
' 22- •;.';
3 h
;:¦ « ', •
¦?•;' B a:.;
- 1 n •¦¦
3 6.
-1-1 :
42 ' •
61
¦«- -
.-2 «4;
. 1 2 '
• 4 1
.6 ¦- ¦
51
3 1
.1 n-
¦-.-¦»%¦ •¦
8 1
6 1 .
r« :¦
i-v:
Ml H I. P0we11...... -5
24 • E.; Rosa. :.-..... 8-5
; 3 % Plggrottrn :..;. g
. . 1 4 1 1,*. Henry;.......... :•(
' ' 5 I>. Given* iv. '..:;.. 80 .
- J:vii- Jenkins :.;.-.;: M-;
8-5
¦ ; -''..jB?:-
v 5 i
•60
-• • ' 1 * ¦Attractions at the Theaters.
OAKLAND. March 10.— Denman Thomp
son, in "The Old Homestead." will be the
attraction for five nights at tha Mac
donough Theater, opening Monday even-
Ing. There has been a heavy advance sala
of seats. ¦,'•• *. ¦¦'.".
"The Dawn of Freedom," a military
drama, bristling with Incidents . of tha
Cuban insurrection, is ' th« attraction at
the Dewey Theater for tha comlnjr week,
MANAGER AND EDITOR
OF BLUE AND GOLD
BERKELEY. March 10.— William Pixley
was nominated manager of next year's
Blue and Gold. the. junior class publica
tion, at a meeting of the sophomore class
.held yesterday. Jewett Earle and I. Kar
mel were nominated as editor in chief of
the publication. The election will be held
some time this week;
$ Strictly cash terms. f
w Generous saving prices.^
0 Freecatalogue by askingf
0 Get estimate:, from us
f before buying elsewhere.
£"Spreckel's" Cane Sugar
? oSSffi-d. 2 1 pounds $i.oo
9 We handle no China or beet sugar.
O Oatmeal pkg ioc
A The same size as yon pay 15c for
v elsewhere. Being wholesale dia-
A trlbntor of tb«ee yoods, we gri»«
" yoa the benefit of the wholesale
A price Monday and Tnesday. J
iEastern Rolled Oats |i
\ We think this TO IV,e /> ccA
$ un>oduH.O. IO IDS 2 5 C I'
\ and certainly mnch cheaper. i
§ In fact, we frnarantee it as good. r
Tomatoes can sc^
A Very pood for tho money. J __, ccr i
f Nocpareil brand. uoz 55 C^
fltalian Prunes. ...pound 3CJ
§ Choice, »ele:t quality. f
* Tart flavor. Bejiilarsc. \
JCosta Rica Coffee J
W Fresh roasted. -rx-Minrl T~n\
\ Stronjr without pOUnQ I/ C \
f being bitter. Very fine for f
A •* black coffe«." Regularise A
1 Broken Java Coffee a
A gJSMSSS Pound I2ki
\ coffee. Beans appear partly broken, \
t though quality is Al. f
>St. Julian Claret... gal 35ci
\ High grade table wine; mild and A
{¦".'¦¦ pieaeing. Regular 5 >c. V
XX Port Wine (
A Sherry or Angelica. I CCW
V 1885 vintage. Regular Sl-00. 'J\
A Eisen is known to prodnce tbe m
W finest sweet wines in the market. \
Brook Whiskey J
{ l^SonrMash ga H O n $ 3 .00J
f EeguUr f3.5). f
Scotch Whiskey i
t b^tISSF- bottle $i.io#
i 715 Market St. 8. F. Shattnck At. Derkelej S
\9th A Washin«ton,Oak Central Ar^Alajned«\
4 [UK Broadway. " :th& Wood. Oak f
OLSEN'S CHARGE
FOR A BIG HURL
THROUGH SPACE
Was Thrown Thirty Feet in
a Collision— Wants $40
Per Foot
Says Flagman Stopped His Team Be
fore a Berkeley Local With
His Red and White
1
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 10.
Ole Olsen, the Golden Gate expressman
who, while driving to his home one night
last November, was struck by a Berkeley
local and hurled thirty feet through
space, believes that $40 per foot for every
foot he was "hurled" Is a reasonable esti
mate of the damages the Southern Pa
cilic Company should be willing to pay
him.
Olsen's escape from death at the time
of the accident was most miraculous. His
daughter was on the seat by his side, and
he was approaching tne Golden Gate
crossing on San Pablo avenue.
In a suit filed by Olsen to-day against
the Southern Pacific Company for the re
covery of $1200 damages, he recites that
his horses were gentle and that he had
perfect control of the animals, but that
just as they reached the railroad cross
ing a flagman, who had previously failed
to give him any signal of an approaching
train, willfully placed himself in front of
the horses and threw up a red lamp and
a white one before the horses' faces
stopped them a short time on the tracks
and, although "the driver In a loud voice
entreated him to remove himself, he re
fused, and on account of the delay the
wagon was struck and tho driver hurled
thirty feet off the seat."
• Olsen charges that his injuries were
wholly due to the flagman's gross careless
ness and negligence. His complaint re
cites also that for four years prior to No
vember 14 of last year, the day of the ac
cident, the defendant "had a bell at the
Golden Gate crossing, run by the action
of the train from Berkeley, on a contri
vance 1000 feet from the crossing, but this
was removed only a few days before the
accident."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 11, 1900.
Lecture to Socialists.
OAKLAND, March 107— Professor Prank
Fetter of Stanford University will lecture
Sunday evening at Grand Army Hall, 419
Thirteenth street, before tho Socialist La
bor party. -- -' '
Charter Day Play.
BERKELEY, March. 10.— Preparations
are being made by the students of the
University of California for the Charter
day play to be given , in Hearst Hall
March 22 and 23 for the benefit of the uni
versity library and the teams' fund. The
play, "Mademoiselle de la Seigllere, or
The Old France and the New." is a
comedy in four acts by Jules Sandeau,
translated from the French by Professor
L Dupont Syle and S. A. Chambers. The
cast will be as follows:
Le Marquis de la Selgllere, a representative
. I of the ancient regime M.;H. Schwartz
Helene, his daughter..... r Miss J.M.- Davis
LA Baronne de Vaubert, his friend and ally . ;
..................Miss L..-E. Moller
Raoul. Baron de Vaubert. engaged to Helene •
......:..... ....•.•• • — ...J. W. S. Butler
Benard Stamply, captain of hussars, a son -
of the Empire J. B. Southard
Destournelles, a 1awyer....... E.:B. Harris
Jasmin, valet to the. marquis...... C.L. Greene
SHE APPEARS AS THE
WIDOW OF JOHN LEAVY
OAKLAND, March 10.— There is likely
to be a sensational contest over the J4500
estate left by John Leavy, who died here
In December, 1898. According to his will,
admitted to probate last January, Leavy
was unmarried and he bequeathed his
property to various friends and a few rel
atives. .To»day a petition was. filed by a
Mrs. Jane Leavy, who asserts she is the
widow of John Leavy, or, as he waa also
sometimes known, John Lavey or John
Levy, claiming she married him in New
York State in July, 1871. In her petition
Jane Leavy sets forth that the estate is
now ready for distribution and that she
elects to accept one-half of the commu
nity property as a widow's share. . She
wholly Ignores the bequests made in the
will and fisks that B.McFadden, the ex
ecr.tor, turn over to her what she claims
she is entitled to as a widow.
TRIED TO END HIS
LIFE IN A CELL
OAKLAND. March 10. — Desperate
through failure to obtain opium. James
Ryan tried to commit suicide by gas as
phyxiation to-night in his cell at the City
Prison. Ryan tore a blanket into strips
and stuffed them into holes and apertures
In the cell. Then he jammed a mattress
against the iron wicket, turned on the gas
and lay down to die. Jailer Phillips sniffed
the escaping fluid and discovered the
cause in time to save the despondent pris
oner's life. Ryan was arrested Thursday
night as a suspicious character, a loaded
pistol having been found in his posses
eion.
PAINTERS WILL NOT
STRIKE IN OAKLAND
OAKLAND, March 10.— The threatened
Etrike cf the painters and paper-hangers
that was to have taken effect next Mon
day is off. The master painters to-night
virtually conceded all the* demands of
the union men.
The committee from the Painters'
I'nion— H. B. Wayne. S. Wishert and
Charles Bradley — w«re to have had a con
ference this evening with the master
painters' committee — Messrs. Kuss,
Doody and Tucker— but Mr. Kuss' illness
jirev«=nted. Instead the bosses of all of
ihe leading shops to-night notified their
men to report for work next Monday,
conceding the increase in wages of paint
ers from $2 T'O to S3 per day and paper
hanpers from $3 to S3 50.
"The differences between the union
psir.ters and the masters have been ami
cably adjusted." said President Farris of
Oakland Union No. 127. "The bosses have
conceded our demands and have agreed
that henceforth they will demand that
employes display union cards. On the
other hand, we propose to protect the
bosses against workmen who take Jobs
Bpainst th*-m at short figures. The set
tlement affects over 200 union men here."
JUDGES NAMED FOR
LIBRARY COMPETITION
OAKLAND, March 10.-George W.
Percy and Albert Pissis, architects, and
J. C. Rowell. librarian at the University
of California, have been selected by the
Board of Free Library Trustees as the
consulting Jury to pass upon the competi
tive plans for the Carnegie Library build
ing. Invitations have been sent to these
gentlemen to act in this capacity. It is
proposed to have the plans submitted by
April 22. The Library Trustees will meet
jiext Wednesday evening, when a reply
from the Ebell Society relative to tht.
proposition to amend their offer of $150U
for prizes is expected.
DRUNKEN GIRL FRETS
OAKLAND'S POLICE
OAKLAND, March 10.— The police
have under close investigation
the circumstances surrounding
the case of pretty Jessie Bas
cocci. 11 years old. who was found
maudlin from liquor shortly after
midnight at Seventh and Chestnut
streets by Policeman Qulgley.
The child was so overcome by ¦ In
toxicants that for hours she lay in a
stupefied condition In the captaln'3
offlce at the City Prison. Early this
morning Inquiries were made which
disclosed her Identity as well as the
manner in which she was made drunk.
The child, an unusually attractive girl
of the Italian colony, is the daughter
of William Bascocci, residing at Third
and Myrtle streets. She explained that
she had been in the habit of visiting
with the Cordanos, living at 655 Myr
tle street.
Last night about 7 o'clock the child
called there, and, according to her
story, drank two glasses of wine. She
left soon afterward, and now th«
police are trying to account for her
whereabouts during the subsequent
five hours that elapsed before the
patrolman found her.
She insisted that after leaving Cor
dano's place she remembered nothing
and could not assist the police a par
ticle in their efforts to find an ex
planation for her wretched condition.
The Cordanoa cannot explain the af
fair either, except to say that all the
child had with them was a small glass
of diluted white wine.
Bascocci declared he did not know
his daughter had been permitted to
drink wine at the neighbors". He said
wine wa3 kept at his home, but under
lock and key and was not used by the
children.
The police will make no arrests until
a complete inquiry has been made.
Police Judge Smith directed that If
Cordano were arrested to hold him In
$300 ball, the maximum limit for the
possible offense. A complaint waa
prepared by District Attorney llynes.
but waa not sworn to, being held
pending the detectives* report.
The police are thoroughly satisfied
that the amount of wine the girl said
she drank was not sufficient to have
caused the helpless condition in which
she was picked up on the streets, and
they want to know who Is responsible
for her condition*
RAILROAD MEN WILL
FIGHT BENEFIT JOB
Organize to Oppose the Latest
Bobbery Scheme of C. P.
¦ Huntington.
OAKLAND, March 10.— The opposition
of the railway brotherhoods of this dl>ls
ion to Huntington's relief bureau scheme
was crystallized into proper shape to
night for presentation before General
Manager Kruttschnltt of the Southern Ta
ciflc Company. The conference of the va
rious committees of three from the local
brotherhoods of conductors, trainmen,
firemen, telegraphers and engineers, held
in Fidelity Hall to-night, was the most
important and final of the series of meet
ings during this week in Oakland.
It did not take the fifteen committee
men long to decide upon a course of ac
tion. The session was brief and spirited.
Enthusiasm ran' high, and the relief
scheme was denounced as a blow directed
against organized railroad labor. -A plan
of action was finally agreed upon that
was decisive and yet moderate. The joint
committee, representing all. the orders,
resolved itself into a still smaller commit
tee, consisting of one representative from
each order. -This will make a committee
of five who will be in reality a grievance
committee and a powerful one.
This committee will call upon General
Manager Kruttschnltt and present to him
the objections of .the railroad employe*
to this new scheme. Mr. Kruttschnitt
will be asked specifically the meaning of
the relief scheme and will be told specifi
cally that the men object to the. scheme.
No threats will be made, but b» will be
told, that the organized labor of the roads
does not wish to connect Itself with tha
plan, and he will be requested to use bJs
influence to have it stopped before it la
put in force. The men hope that tho
weight of their objections to the plan and
the. unanimity of their request that it ba
not put in force will cause its defeat.
General Manager Kruttschnltt went East
yesterday, so that the presentation of
this grievance to him will be postponed
until his return. It Is believed that
Kruttschnltt has gone to New York to
consult with C. P. Huntlngton In regard
to the sudden and determined opposition
which has developed to the new plan.
"While the proceedings at to-night's con
ference were guarded with the strictest
secrecy. It waa apparent that those who
attended were determined to make a fight
that will not be to their discredit.
DECLINED TO
APPLAUD THE
PASSING SHOW
Mrs. Darneal Was Not
Present at Marriage of
Her Daughter.
Ceremony Celebrated at the Unita
rian Church and Only the Rela
tives "of the Groom Were
ALAMEDA, March 10.— Miss Susie Dar
neal and Alan Bowen fell into lino with
the matrimonial pageant this morning,
but Mrs. Darneal, bitter to a degree, de
clined to applaud the passing: show.
The Darneal-Bowen wedding took place
as planned at the Unitarian Church at 10
o'clock. Rev. George R. Dodson officiat
ed. It was a simple affair. The Immedi
ate members of the Bowen family were
the only relatives present. Miss Darneal
was gowned in a stylish traveling: dress.
i»ilss Charlotte Bowen was the* brides
maid. Benton Bowen acted as best man.
A number of friends broke in upon the
young couple just after the ceremony,
was over, offering congratulations. Short
ly afterward they left for a tour of
Southern California, When they return
they will reside for a time with. Mr.
Bowen's parents at 900 Union street.
Although Mrs. Darneal assisted in the
preparation of her daughter's trousseau,
she still remained opposed to young
Bowen as a son-in-law and manifested
her displeasure by refusing to attend the
wedding.
DEMANDS FIFTY
THOUSAND FOR A
BROKEN PROMISE
Julia Calhoun Begins An
other Action Against
Fred Wundenberg.
First Tries to Force TH™ to Marry
Her and Now Seeks to Recover
Damages for Lacerated
Feelings.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, March 10.
The value of a husband is placed by
Julia A. Calhoun at $50,00), and a broken
promise of marriace is the basis of a
damage suit to recover that amount, be
gun by her to-day against Frederick
Wundenberg, a wealthy rancher of Ala
meda County.
The action is a sequel of another suit
brought by Miss Calhoun against Wun
denberg only a few days ago, wherein she
related a story of sad disappointment and
lacerated affections. She asserted then
that several years ago Wundenberg had
promised to marry her and give her a
happy home on Filbert street, this city.
It appeared from the complaint in that
action that Wundenberg had executed the
latter part of his promise; he had install
ed the object of his love in the Filbert-
Ftrect residence, but thereafter distance
lf>nt enchantment and he returned to his
ranch up the country to mingle with his
herds and look after his cabbages. Nor
did he ever summons the young woman
to meet him at the altar nor deed to her
the promised home. Hence she appealed!
to the Superior Court to coerce her re
calcitrant lover to make her his bride.
Now she seeks what she regards as some-
Thing more substantial and more durable
than Wundenberg's love.
In the suit filed to-day on her behalf by
Attorneys Crittenden Thornton and John
P. Rlley is again recited the fact that on
July 1. 188 S. Wundenberg promised to
marry her within a reasonable time; that
although she is and ever has been ready
and willing to marry him a reasonable
Time has elapsed since the making of this
promise; but Wundenberg. still refusing,
has Minted her hopes and lacerated her
feelings no her damage in the sum of JT.O.
000. I- or that amount she now seeks
Judgment.
ADVEBTISEMENTa
Alameda News of the Bay Cities OAKLAND News of the Bay Cities Berkley
"CALTHOS"
Prof. Laborde's Marvelous French Cure for Lost Manhoo<L
FIVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Bent Absolutely Free by Sealed Mall To All Sufferers.
mmmmmm N0 Cl 0> D> 0R DEPOSIT SCHEME.
BPfeSflfeiM The only preparation known to science which realty
¦^J&a&JKM 1 y*N^ TOres I* 08 * Manhood is " CALTHOS." the marvelous
ffiilM^l B iB&^L French remedy discovered by Prof. Jules Laborde. It ia
BKH'xfl IC* ' -v. l? controlled in this country by The Yon Mohl Company, of
Bi@H I V Xl>Jt Cincinnati, Ohio, a. concern which occcpies a high and
KfeSfSfSHKH/l x> T honorable place in the world of medicine. It is one of the
jHßßKwSattafigar K^V^ largest and most responsible houses in Cincinnati, &•
W^ffttfp^f anyone who is acquainted in that city will testify.
W!$M$M$W /», r Th T e Yon Monl Company invites all men snfferinf
¥ii'BiEffl : y /V II <fk from Lo9t Ma nnood, Spermatorrhoea, Varicocele, Small
¦&*&*s?#/ /vNt.^- II « Parts or Weaknets of any nature in the Nerves or Sexual
ff?sWity AS<9*TZ} 'fi ir Organs, to send their name, and receive a five days' treat.
Msm-W ffi&s //l I ZrXcAVrMnk™ pr f7. e thewonderfal vitalizing power,
Hfc&i&Tr tStlfrttßy/l I l\ of CALTMOS. After using it five days the sufferers
wSgt*^/// II ' I will find new vi£°r i a their organs, new force in their
™iw3sl HSlvL^/ *l i* \ muscles, new blood in their veins, new ambition, andj
¦EjhiiCT pQy^*-^**^ I "P'd progress toward the buoyant feelings and sens*.
IKwl?\ W \l I l\ 1 This liberal free offer is genuine. There is no swind«
f^K'&KrA H \\ I// I llngCO.D. or Deposit Scheme connected with it. The fiva
HrHSv^X V V I// I days' treatment is sent by sealed mail to all on request,
BfflawvS'fea * I I I wrapped in a plain package, and full printed instructions
Hn&-^*''&iiff>V>Nv II \ accompany the medicine, so'that each patient becomea
t 2/\\\v k** own doctor and cures himself at home.
|ESjCo;fr.'*!»a \ \h/ It doesn't make any difference what caused the weai*
¦BB^.^ :"x _r J t -T* ness— whether bad habits in youth. or excess, or over-
Br^H IFX I work, or business troubles. "CAI.TWOS" will effect a
pWttwfejy^B (jh \ cure, no matter what big name tbe disease may be called
HP^MaB Ka I The Yon Mohl Company treats all correspondence ia
bs*'<&&Hl gßft'A I perfect confidence. Under no- conditions will it make
WfSfi^-^WSM jHßfoftl I public the names of the thousands who have written tes-
BSf'rV'lW % /&&Bssi I ) timonials telling of their restoration to robust manhood
wffifiH 4rBHVi*i' / after other medicines and appliances have proved worth-
BES&ff&flafif / Hhß|V A IeBS - "CALTHOS" is regularly used in the French and
9PB:-VA~'igW H 7 fi German armies, and the soldiers in those countries have
fiS^&aaSi Ktfil I r\ come to be perfect models of strength and vitality. Cures
BH»£:I:SJBE3 SbSSA/ /'R\ are effected at all ages from twenty to eiphty years. There
uSB^-iHSIi BBSS/ /\§s\ is no case 'except where the stage cf epilepsy or insanity
H^«FH Wjjy I Ys\ bas been reached) which it will not radically, quickly and
Wtf-iiwUHlk WkOL \ sJtltv. permanently cure. Sexual weakness does not cure itself.
Tpwo^^^^ 1""""™\ \ " grows worse from week to week. Each day a jjjravatts
&&&•! j \ V^?*^«JSB> the cental and physical anguish.
Vu^i Send today for the free five days' trial treatment. If it
helps you, more of the medicine can be purchased. If it
does not Help, so harm is done and no money has been paid out. Yon can send your name ia
the full knowledge that it will be kept from all. The " CALTHOS " department or our business
is strictly confidential. Address applications for trial treatment, etc., to
THE YON MOHL COMPANY, 615 B/Cindnnati, Ojpr.^ BtT8 tTo tt n I . I?I ?n p tS?^n 0 iU t " Bnt^8 n t^
OAKLAND ELKS WILL PARALYZE THE
TOWN WITH A THREE-RING CIRCUS
OA.KLAND, March 10.— The Elks are
going to have a circus. They gen
erally do, but this time it is to be
a real three-ring show under one
canvas, rivaling the splendors of the
Orient in every feature. The circus will
open in Oakland, March 19. and there will
be six performances, two daily.
Oakland lodge has undertaken to sup
ply the amateur talent, and it has drawn
upon a large number of its members to
make up the programme.
The whole aggregation has been given
in charge of Harvey Sloper, manager of
the Southern Pacific peanut butchery.
Mr. Sloper has rare gifts in the circus
line. For years he has handed out to
thousands of travelers the best the mar
ket affords In delicacies, from hold-over
apples to French novels. His fellow
members of Oakland lodge recognizing
Mr. Sloper's peculiar fitness have made
him the whole thing of tho show. With
excellent discernment Mr. Sloper has
gathered about him a choice array of
festive spirits to push along the big show.
Robust John Mitchell, in official life
County Supervisor, Is to be general util
ity man. Charles Heeseman, the rotund
Broadway merchant, has consented to do
his .famous clown act, in which he has
secured the assistance of Dr. H. B. Mehr
mann, who will double up in a turn as
the wonderful bald-faced wild man from
Zanzibar
J. Cal Ewlng, County Auditor and base
ball magnate, will sell peanuts, popcorn,
lemonade and chewing gum to keop his
voice in condition for the opening of the
¦ season. Debonair Guy Smith has con-
sented to handle the tickets, and he has
given a guarantee that no bad money will
be taken. Charles Hawbaker, Dr. O. D.
Hamlin and Dr. Harry Travers are on the
press committee. They have made a sig
nal success so far by covering the dead
walls of the city with paper that glows
with color.
The bareback riders and a combination
of daring acrobats and tumblers have
been selected. Special request has been
made to the public to allay their curiosity
as to the Identity of the sextet which has
been engaged:
At Elks' Hall there 'Is a rumor that
Harry Melvin, Ray T. Baker, George W.
Reed, J. J. Hanifln Jr., Mortimer Smith
and W. J. Hennessey will be prominent
in the ring acts. The circus has caught
on, and the Elks are making every effort
to insure its success.
DEATH CAUSED
BY A VIOLENT
COUGHING FIT
«
Sudden Demise During a
Spasm of a Convales
cent Patient.
The Attending Physician Explains
the Peculiar Feature of the Pass
ing Away of Q. J.
Myers.
— >
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 10.
Muscular exertion from a violent fit of
coughing caused the death yesterday of
G. J. Myers at his home on Alcatraz
avenue. Golden Gate. Myers was sup
posed to have been recuperating from
a long illness. He arose during the day.
and while near his bed was seized with a
spasm of coughing. Mrs. Myers was near
by and heard her husband's call for as
sistance. He died in her arms while she
was trying to get him back to bed.
The peculiar circumstances surrounding
the death led Dr. J. Burris Wood, who
had been attending Myers, to make ex
planations, from a medical standpoint,
concerning his patient's demise.
"Mr. Myers had been convalescing from
an attack of pleurisy, and although very
weak was doing fairly well," said the
doctor. "Yesterday afternoon I was
called hurriedly to the house, to find the
patient dead. He had succumbed while
violently coughing. The overexertion
from the spasm affected his heart and
death came very suddenly. Of course, his
heart was weak, otherwise the coughing
might not have resulted fatally.
"There is no doubt that the violent
coughing was the primary cause of
death." . „,
Mvers was a tailor, employed by Thomas
E. Kent, in San Francisco. He leaves a
widow and seven children.
WOMEN STUDENTS
SHOW INTEREST
IN ATHLETICS
Co-Eds at Large Colleges
Indulge in Physical
Exercises.
?
University of California Banks Fourth
in Size of Its Gymnasium, Which,
However, Lacks a Swim
ming Tank.
?
BERKELEY, March 10.— Professor "Wal
ter E. Magee of the University of Cali
fornia, who has just returned to Berkeley
after spending two months In studying
the work of the gymnasiums of the prom
inent colleges of the- East, has prepared
an article on university athletics. He
¦ says:
"There is a striking difference between
the appearance of the students at those
universities where gymnasium work is
compulsory and those where it is merely
optional. In the colleges where military
Instruction Is combined with compulsory
gymnasium exercise the carriage, bearing
and physical condition of the young men
are especially noticeable and worthy of
admiration. An interesting contrast is of
fered at the University of Nebraska,
where gymnasium work Is prescribed for
all the women for the first two years, but
is merely optional with the men. The
general appearance of the women was no
ticeably better than that of the male 3tu
dents.
"It is a noticeable fact that the gymna
sium work of women at many America.!
colleges exceeds in effectiveness the gym
nasium work for men. This haa come
about, I believe, because of the great agi
tation in favor of physical training for
women and because of the realization
that the college girl is particularly In
need of systematic physical exercise.
"An interesting feature of collega life
for women is the growth of interest in
outdoor sports. At Vassar there are ex
cellent opportunities for rowing and sail-
Ing in summer and skating and ice-boat
ing in winter on the Hudson. Basket-ball
Is very popular, as well as golf, and there
Is a track on which the college girls prac
tice for the high jump and sprints and
other track athletics.
,"A popular feature of the gymnasium
at a great many of the universities which
I visited is the swimming tanks. Colum
bia has the finest natatorium In the coun
try. The marble pool Is 150x50 and con
tains 200,000 gallons of water. It is warm
ed in winter. The depth varies from four
to ten feet. The pool Is Illuminated by
electric lights placed around the sides be
neath the surface of the water.
"The West Point gymnasium Is similar
in its equipment to that of the University
of California, with the exception that it
has a large swimming tank, something of
which California is in great need. The
work at West Point Is by far the best
that I have seen anywhere.
"When the extension to the gymnasium
of the University of California Is com
pleted we will stand fourth among Amer
ican universities In the amount of floor
space devoted to exercising room. Only
Columbia, Wisconsin and Minnesota will
exceed us in this respect. The enlarged
gymnasium will accommodate a class of
300 at one time."
COMMITTEEMEN FOR
REPUBLICAN CLUB
ALAMEDA, March 10.— The members of
the executive and advisory committees of
the Alameda Republican Club have been
named by President E. R. Anthony. The
executive committee Is composed as fol
lows: First Precinct, A. R. Hamlin; Sec
ond, Elmer E. Johnson; Third W B
Hinchman; Fourth. W. R. Poyzer; Fifth
B. L. Fisher; Sixth, 11. A. Thompson-
Seventh, J. C. Bates Jr.; Eighth, A B
Hunt; Ninth, Dr. Charles L. Tisdale*
Tenth, J. S. Hanley; Eleventh, Alvah
Binnett: Twelfth. J. Magnln; Thirteenth,
Edward Houston.
The members of the advisory committee
are as follows: First Precinct— L. 11.
Brink, E. R. McDonell: Second— Stanley
Stephenson, E. K. Taylor; Third— J. R.
Knowland, E. B. Dunning; Fourth— S. j'
Shannon. Frank Hally: Fifth— G E
Clark, Samuf-1 Center; Sixth— J. L. Field'
J. A. Sansom; Seventh- -C. J. Hammond'.
Mnx Gundlach: Eighth. Theodore Kis
feldt Jr., W. O. Henn; Ninth-J. J. Jami
son. W. P. Dillon; Tenth— Henry Muller*
Eleventh— T. W. Leydcckcr, J. B. Lank
tree; Tw.;lfih— John Seebeck, Samuel
Frank; Thirteenth— H. L. Transue, L. L
Schuler. All officers of the club are also
members of tho committee.
ALEXANDER CARTER HAD
A SUICIDAL MANIA
Had Threatened to End His Life
by Means of a
Razor. .
BERKELEY, March 10.— Alexander
Carter, who killed his brother Charles
and shot himself, had a strongly devel
oped suicidal mania, according to the tes
timony at the inquest held by Coroner
Mehrmann this evening at the Carter res
idence. 2111 Rose street. Several weeks
ago Alexander, who had been threatening
suicide, got a razor with which to end
his life. Before he could use the keen
edged tool members of the family took
it away from him.
"They had been extremely careful," tes
tified Thomas Jose, a brother-in-law of
the dead man, "to keep weapons away
from Alexander, realizing his deranged
condition. The pistol he used had been
carefully concealed from them."
None of the immediate members of the
family were called to testify. Deputy
Coroner Strelghtif told of the finding o£
morphine in Alexander's clothes, and
said the dead man had been given to its
use to quiet his nerves. Dr. H. X. Rowell
and Dr. J. E. Kelsey gave the medical
phases of the case, both declaring that
Charles was shot while he slept. The
verdict found that Alexander Carter had
killed his brother while insane and that
tho fratricide had taken his own life.
There will be a double funeral to-mor
row morning at 9 o'clock from the Carter
residence. The bodies will be sent to
Byron for Interment.
A large delegation from the freshman
class at the University of California, of
which Charles Carter was a member, will
attend the services.
WANT KELLY TO
COACH THE TEAM
BERKELEY. March 10. — Manager
Shuey of the football team last night sent
an offer of $2000 to Addlson W. Kelly at
Princeton, asking him to coach the Uni
versity of California football team this
year. Kelly was assistant coach under
Cochran last year and Is familiar with
the university and its material and the
students want him. He has refused an
offer of $1500, and the students have raised
that $500.
THE FUTURE OF OAKLAND.
FRANK K. MOTT
THERE is no city on this coast
that has been favored with <so
many natural advantages as
has the city of Oakland, not
only as an attractive placa of
residence, but also • for the develop
ment of a commercial center. It Is
time that Oakland should commence to
develop some of those "natural ad
vantages" and take her place in the
front rank of American cities. We
not only want to make the city at
tractive for home-seekers, but we
ought to do some things that will en
courage capital as well. For where
there is capital and money In plenty
there is bound to be enterprise nnJ
Improvement. There is really nothing
to-day In the city of Oakland thiit
would attract a man with, say," $IUO,
000 to invest. Permanent public im
provements have been suffered to lax
too long, and we are losing opportu
nities every day to secure some of
these hundred thousand dollar men.
There Is ro question, no possible
doubt, but that attractive municipal
buildings, sanitary and fireproof
school-houses, perfect sewer system]
parks and boulevards, municipal v/ater
supply and ether things that an up-to
date city provides are necessary, and
conduce to the building up of tho mu
nicipality. There Is no way to obtain
these within', the 'lifetime of the pres
ent population except by borrowing
the money on bonds, and I favor mak
ing the improvements at. once. But
while all these things are necessary"
and will aid us greatly In securing an
increase of population, I think that .
Oakland's path to greatness lies in the
recovery and development of her
water front. It Is true that pending
the litigation our hands are tied an re
gards the water front company's
:lalm, but there is an opportunity to
jbtaln property outside of the, wnter
'ront company's lines,, and the city -
ihould proceed to acquire it and com-
mence at once its improvement. Hard
ly a day passes that we are not told
of the enormous development of trade
that promiseswith the Oriental coun
tries. It is only a few days since that
the president of the university, on his
return from the East, said that t)ie
eyes of the ration were on this coast
and its trade possibilities, and he said
further that the President or the
United States predicted a great future
for the Pacific slope. The bay of San
Francisco is the main ! objective point
of this trade,: and if Oakland expects
to • participate :in this trade and ex
pects to '-. develop : her commerce"' with
her own State the time is at hand for
action. I certainly, favor bonding the
city for Improvements, and especially
for those things I that will bring em-.
ployment, : wealth '; and prosperity : for
her people,' develop her water front by
the building of wharves and Drtng
trade to her shores. ¦"..-. .
25njm cHicxrsTCß's English
PILLS
•3 _yjrv Orlel"«l and Only Cmnlße.
ft»^-\a.tK RATE. Ai.iT.wi.kn. I-adlc-. »«k Drrrrlrt
fi&& «« CUIdHKSTEK'r* KNGLISH
; «fcVi in UK!» »l« W«M B«»:!ie boi< . mlrt
ri "''' in « r{l!l * n - T»keT»» other. Rrfnt*
xt-^Ksiii-p... HBb.tltuti.n. »4 J«it*.
(jj tin*. Ei-t of ronr Drmuin. or xrsd 4e. la
, Jf nami* tar I'artfmUr*, Te*tlm«nUla
_A p tun M.ll. 1 0.000 Tfitliwimi. Poi4 lij
vv — ¦—/ aUDrBcSl"*. Cktekeater Chrmleal C«_
Krotiot U.U vivtx. Xiilm ft««*r«, I'UU.X.. FAj
? T| I 1 1 np Located on Market
? A V n ness sectlon - Places
? A n li t>t amusement and
4 ni\ 1 tin ''''Pots: 1400 rooms.
? UH X Nil m wlth baths at "
? llllrtni/ tachod. The largest
? and finer* hotels in
5 WrfcTCl C the '• orld - Axnert-
? fill I L/L/^ can and European
<, v plan.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemlshra are remoT^d by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donoho*
building. 1170 Market «t.. cor. Taylor, rooms
tS-29. ¦ with the electric needle without pain or
¦car. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
The srreatest skin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making the skin firm.
It renders th« skin soft. _,„ „ „ __ mmm^^__
smooth, clear, white and .•r.^v
youthful. It Is a liquid. ffe^ffas A.»^
Any cream of. the con- > JEarrskSflßK.
slstency of butter will -^g-cSfcyiTMa
stimulate the growth of rggjHpSfvi
hair on the face. Brah- VK^P T&IUiWm
n.«n Toilet Cream Is st-fj > T Etßt
guaranteed not to do go. vSvA *ff^sj(aar
All drupglsts ami at •j»^™jßlGirST^L
offlc-e of A. W. TRAY- t^SiHtelSyt -el
ERSE. M. D-
UTILIZATION OF WASTE.
Much. Saved Nowadays in Connection
"With the Fuel Supply.
Some of the prominent utilizations of
waste products which are well known to
day are in connection with the fuel sup
ply. In the production of charcoal from
wood there are large volumes of acetic
vapors which, when condensed, are of
considerable value. By charring the wood
in ovens or retorts and conveying the va
pors to condensers and stills 1 , the products
are charcoal, pyrollgneous acid, tar and
uncondensable gases of considerable ther
mic value. These gases are used as fuel,
the tar Is merchantable, and. from the py
rollgneous acid methyl alcohol, acetic acid
and various commercial acetates are pro
duced. The Influence of locality is quite
marked In this utilization, for at some
Iron works many thousands of cords of
wood are annually converted Into char
coal, the pyrollgneous acid aa a by
product being made Into acetates and
wood alcohol. At other works the wood is
charred to secure the pyrollgneous acid,
the charcoal being a by-product, but most
of the wood cut for charcoal Is charred,
and no effort is made to collect the acetic
vapors.
The same principle holds in regard to
the manufacture. of coke. As a rule the
products of distillation from the coal
while being cooked pass off into the air as
dense smoke and are wasted but at a
number of localitlaa the volatile matters
are condensed, and commercial ammoni
ates, tar and gases of calorific value are
utilized. It Is claimed that in addition to
the commercial by-products from coking
ten tons of average bituminous coal. In
condensable gases, equivalent In calorific
value to one ton of coal, result.
In the iron industry there are numerous
applications in utilizing' waste or refuse,
including the production of cement, min
eral wool, paving > blocks or monolithic
paving, from blast furnace cinder; the
remeltlng of converting, of unmerchant
able masses of metal, ladle-sculls, crop
ends, shearings, punchlngs. tilings, etc.
the reroliing of rails: the utilization of
blast furnace gas to heat air, produce
stained-glass medallions of the -world's
greatest musical composers, which are
set Into the walls, forming a beautllul
four-walled picture gallery In the softest,
warmest colors that the sun can paint
through glass of all the saints In melody's
calendar.
The opening night at Fischer's will be
Monday, March 19, and If the management
shall continue to present attractions as
notable our new concert house is assured
of a warm place In San Francisco's af
fections. Jose Badarocco, the great tonor,
whose voice was a revelation to muskal
people about town when he sang here last
winter with the Lambardi opera company,
will be one of a delightful quartet, whose
other members will be Madame Barducci,
soprano: Polettini, contralto, and Vargas,
the great barytone. An orchestra of six
teen pieces, under the leadership of Autru-st
Hinrichs. will accompany these fine voices
appropriately, and while you sit and enjoy
your order from the cafe, which is part of
the concert house, you may listen to and
look at selected scenes from the greatest
operas on the well arranged stage in
front. The whole scheme is a combina
tion of music and companionable eating
and drinking on the plan of the comfort
loving Germans. Americans are quite as
comfort-loving and nearly as musical, so
the concert house is likely to be a success.
A email admission fee Is to be charged;
not large enough to keep away the thritt
iest music lover, yet sufficient to deter the
undesirable element. Matinees will be
given on Wednesday, Saturday and Sun
day afternoons, and to make the plsee
still more attractive to ladies an entire
balcony will be reserved for them nn-1
their escorts.
E. A. Fischer, the proprietor of the new
amusement place, conducted the Oberon
for years. The concert house will get the
benefit of all of Mr. Fischer's experience.
I. G. Mooser. whose name is familiar to
newspaper men and amusement lovers
throughout the East, will be business
manager for this clever bid for patronage
from the world which craves amusement.
ADVERTISEMENT*
I fIRICQ ARE DAILY
LHUILd HAYINS THEIR
COMPLEXIONS
MADE
PERFECT
BY USING
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S
FACE BLEACH.
s*~A£s&;£^4
Removes Moth
Patches.Freckles,
Pimples, Biack-
heads. Sunburn
and Sallowness.
It does not take
from the face the
natural rosy color,
but bleaches out
all blemishes
lodged in the
ski.i. Freckles
arid other discol-
orations are dis-
solved ; black-
heads, flesh
worms, etc., are
brought to the
surface, when they dry and fa I off with the
old cuticle, which flakes off like fine dandruff
by robbing the face gently with a toweL
While the o'd skin is thus being disposed of,
t"e new skin underneath is forming soft and
irrooth, pure and white and fine in texture.
1 he complexion is then as perf set as it can
be made, and nothing remains but to keep
it so b/ the nightly use of
LOLA MONTEZ CREAM.
THE SKIN FOOD.
From one to three bottles are required
to wcrk a perfect cure. Perfectly harmless.
PRICE SI.OO PER BOTTLE
For Sale by All Druggist*.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
REMOVES
SUPERFLUOUS
HAIR...
By th- Electric Needle.
Guaranteed Permanently.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOCIST
And Manufacturer of Fine
Cosmetics and Perfumery,
4O and 42 Ceary St., San Francisco
CALIFORNIA.
YOUTHFUL WHITECAPS.
Organized to Punish Those Who In-
terf ere in Love Affairs.
What appears to be an organization of
white caps is operating In this city. The
peculiar thing about the organization H
the motive behind it for the protection oi
its members against the intrusion of out
siders in affairs of love. The band, so far
as can be learned, is composed of young
men ranging in age from 13 to 20 year*,
who are sworn to protect each other,
even unto death, if necessary, in order
to keep young men who are not members
of the band from infringing upon their
rights and paying attention to the girl
friends of any of the members. The vio
lation of any of the rules laid down In the
by-laws of the organization means severe
punishment to the offender, and swift jus
tice is meted out to the young man who
dares to mingle in the love affairs of an/
member of the band.
Not long ago a young man from the out
side called upon one of the young woman
friends of a member of the band, and was
passing the evening in her company. A
knock at the door brought the hostess,
and the leader of the band, who had ap
proached, asked In a pleasing manner if
the young man were present. Receiving
an answer in the affirmative, he requested
to see the gentleman on business. As the
young man stepped out into the darkness
he was seized by the white caps and given
a sound whipping and told to leave the
place at once, which he did.
Another case has Just developed In
which the punishment was more severe.
The young man, who was called from the
presence of the girl on the second occa
sion, was subjected to the most brutal
treatment possible. A coffee sack was
thrown over his head, his hands were tied
behind him and he was marched to the*
cemetery, fully a mile from the city, at
the point of revolvers, while the mem
bers followed with threats of violence in
case he uttered an outcry. At the ceme
tery a rope was tied about his neck, and
the end thrown over a limb of a tree. At
this juncture the coffee sack was re
moved, and a ghost bearing a large knife
In its hands sprang out of the darkness
and came toward the crowd. The masked
members of the band, at sight of the
ghastly specter, broke and ran. and the
young man became so frightened that he
swooned and; fell to the ground. The
ghost, who was one of the white caps,
disrobed, and, calling to the crowd, told
them the young man had fainted. The
limp form of the boy was carried back to
the city and laid out upon the sidewalk,
where he remained until passers-by
chanced to find him. still In an uncon
scious condition, some hours afterward.
So far the identity of the members has
been kept a secret, and. though an effort
has been put forth to locate the leaders,
it has been to no avail. The last occur
rence has created considerable excite
ment.—Arcola, 111.. Cor. Chicago Record.
THE first week of Lent Is being rigidly
observed, and the result Is a dearth
of social entertainments. The pros
pects are, however, that Easter will
bring forth a large number of prominent
erisragemerits and that June roses will
deck many a bridal feast-
Mr, and Mrs. M. H. de Young gave a
dinner in honor of Hermann Oelrichs at
their home at 1919 California street on
Wednesday evening. Covers were laid for
eighteen at a round table elaborately
decorated with cherry, peach and almond
blossoms. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. M. 11. de Young, Hermann Oelrichs,
Mr. and Mrs. John J. Deane. Mr. and Mrs.
Boyle. Miss Deane, Mrs. Smith. Miss Belle
Smith. Mrs. Hale. Miss Minnie Hennessy.
Miss Maud O'Connor. Miss Dibble. Orrin
Peek, Maxwell McNutt. Addison Mizner
ond Harry P. Veuve.
Genrral and Mrs. Walter Turnbull gave
a din nor in honor of Colonel Jacob B.
Rawles, Third Artillery. S. A., and
Mrs. Rawles. on Tuesday evening, March
6. at their residence, 2105 Van Ness avenue,
("overs were lai<l for nine at a round
table decorated with white apple blossoms
Bad smiiax. in the center of which was a
rtar of artillery red fairy lamps. General
and Mrs. Turnbull's guests were: Colonel
Jacob B. Rawlcs, Third Artillery. U. S.
A.: Mrs. Rawles. Mrs. Jessie Bowie-
Detiidc Miss Turnbull. Baron Wllhelm
yon Berg. Lieutenant Eugene N. Wilson,
aid-<3*»-camp. Third Artillery. U. S. A., and
Ailan St. Jnhn Bowie.
On Saturday Mrs. J. J. Valentine, at her
home, Cedar Croft. East Oakland, gave a
riinn'-r complimentary to her sister. Miss
l^.^rirhard. < "overs were laid for fourteen.
Those present wore: Miss Ethel Valen
tine, Miss Blanchard, Edmund Baker,
C<>nree Fo'.som, Miss Ernestine Giffard,
Mrs. N. Watson. Joseph Folsom, Miss
Hyde. Mrs. Joseph Folsom, George Lane,
M. CBryan, Miss Christensen, W. McNalr
and Mr. Blanchard.
Mr. and Mrs. William Greer Harrison
announce the engagement of their daugh
ter. Mary' Louise, to George B. Walking
ton of Thornhill.
They're Engaged.
The engagement is announced of SL E.
Spiro to Miss Fannie Y. Jacobs, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Lee Jacobs, 1902 Webster
street.
The engagement of Miss Rae E. Llch
tenstein of Salf Lake City to M. Harris of
New York is announced.
The engagement has been announced of
Miss Julia Marsh to Lewis H. Lawton.
Miss Marsh is the daughter of Henry F.
Marsh of this city. Mr. Lawton, son of
Dr. L. T. Lawton of St. Paul, Minn., was
of the late Thirteenth Minnesota Regi
ment. The wedding will take place .in
Easter week at the home of the bride.
Wedding Bells.
The wedding of Miss Agnes M. Buck
ley and J. Arthur Deerlng was solem
nized last Sunday evening at the resi
dence of the bride, 41S Oak street, the
Rev. Father Lagan officiating. The bride
was attended by Miss Nina Skelley, who
acted as bridesmaid, and Bert Dolheguy
as maid of honor. Frank E. Buckley,
brother of the bride, attended the groom.
The wedding of Miss Harriet A. Gimpel
and Charles H. Ehlert took place on the
7th inst. at the home of the bride. The
ceremony was performed by Rev. Mr.
Buchler. Miss Anna Gimpel was brides
maid and William D. Moller best man.
The bride wore a dainty creation of line
white organdie, richly trimmed with lace
and ribbons. Her attendant was gowned
in a pretty dress of white organdie, with
pink trimmings. Both bride and groom
are past presidents in the Native Daugh
ters and Native Sons respectively and are
very popular. Las Lomas Parlor, N. D.
G. \V., sent a token of esteem consisting
of a gold-lined silver berry spoon and
twelve individual berry forks. Many other
handsome and useful presents were re
ceived from friends and relatives. After
the bountiful supper the happy couple de
parted to spend their honeymoon in some
southern city. Those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Gimpel, Mr. and Mrs. Forrest,
Mrs. G. Siesbuttel, Mr. and Mrs. A. Sies
buttel. Miss Ethel Buck, R. Wilson. Mrs.
Maxwell. William D. Moller. B. Tietjen,
Mr. and Mrs. McFee, Miss T. Beckel, Miss
M. Gimpel, Mr. and Mrs. Fredericks, Mr.
and Mrs. Ed Buck, Mrs. M. Siesbuttel,
Mr. and Mrs. M. Siesbuttel. Mrs. Wilson.
Miss N. Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Linck, C.
Thomas, Miss Tietjen, Miss A. Gimpel,
Miss E. Gimpel, Miss Donohue and others.
The marriage of Miss Tessie Hopkins of
this city and John O. McGinty of Sulsun
was. celebrated at St. James' Church on
Tuesday afternoon at 4 o'clock. Rev.
Father McKinnon of Suisun officiating.
Miss Annie Skelly was bridesmaid and
George Morgan acted as best man. After
the ceremony the young couple returned
to the home of the bride' 6 sister, Mrs.
Harry Palmer, where they received the
congratulations of friends. Supper was
served later..
rjome Gatherings.
Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Joell entertained a
few friends at their residence, 117 Fillmore
street, on Tuesday evening, February 20.
Those present were: Ben Coonley, Miss
Ida Broneer, Peter Simmons, Miss Annie
Broneer, Dr. H. Mozart Simmons, Mrs.
Sothers, Hayden Sothers, Edward Beard,
Miss Mattic Perry, Charles C. Coonley,
Edward Fay, D. Ebner, Miss Laura Mor
fan, Ray Mecready, Miss Marie Broneer,
Irs. S. D. Simmons and Mr. and Mrs. A.
T. Joell.
A delightful party was given by Walter
Chase at his residence on Castro Heights
Saturday evening. The large and commo
dious parlors were beautifully decorated
with ferns and evergreens.
Among those present were: Miss Maud
Smith, Miss Alice Niderost, Miss Camille
d'Arville. Miss Celia Morris, the Misses
Loui&e and Florence Chase, Miss May Al
bert, Miss Estella Caray, Miss Lila Sher
wood, Miss Marguerite Bates. Miss Rita
Collins, Miss Alice Doyle, Miss Mignon
Judson, Miss Tottie Morris, Miss Blanche
Osgood, Fred Hackney, Dt. Paul Wis
mer, Charles Eager. Elton Wood, Dr.
George Brown, Mr. Morris, Edward Geg
grus. Dr. William Mosher, Dr. E. S. Bous
tell, E. Miehy, Professor William Leary,
Bowers Conway, Arthur Hainque, Locke
McKlnne.
Sunday, February 25, Mr. and Mrs. Her
man Ehrllch of 509 Golden Gate avenue
celebrated their silver wedding. During
the day they were showered with the con
gratulations of friends and were the re
cipients of costly and artistic gifts. In the
evening relatives and Intimate friends
partook of their hospitality in the shape
of an elaborate m^riu, which was dis
cussed amid the sparkle of wine, wit and
eloquence. Later on dancing, recitations
and singinc were the order of the even
ing.
A very pleasant birthday party was
tendered to Miss Linda Berti at the resi
dence of her parents. Pacific avenue, Sat
urday evening. February 24. An enjoy
able evening was spent in games, singing
and dancing, after which the guests
marched to the spacious dining-room,
where a bouteous repast was served. The
house was artistically decorated for the
occasion with ferns and flowers and was
Illuminated with Chinese lanterns.
Among those present were Miss Linda
Bert!. Ruspell C'antrell, Miss Josie Mc-
Aleer. A. A. Berti. Miss Jessie Stevenson,
Frank Gregory, Miss Nellie Barry. Rich
ard Hunt. Miss Llllle Gregory, Ucrt
O'Donnell, Miss Hattie Grau. George C&n
trell, Ralph Berti. Miss Mary McAlee!"
George Gunn, Frank Cantrell, Miss Minnie
Endlich, James Stevenson, Miss Mary
Bertl and Norbert Walsh. Among the
distinguished guests was Signor W. Men
dez, lately from Europe, who was quite
a favorite with the ladies.
Mlps Carrie L. Welisch was hostess at
a most enjoyable dinner party at her
home. 825 Golden Gate avenue, Saturday
evening, March 3. ¦ Miss Welisch's guests
were Mr. and Mrs. D. Elmer Dyer, Mr.
and Mrs. Frank Wellman, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Tompkinson. Miss Jennie A. Lang,
James R. Xeylan and George Mcßride.
A most enjoyable evening was spent at
the home of Miss Katherine Cantwell,
662 Howard street, last Tuesday. Recita
tions, instrumentals and vocal duets were
the features of the evening. ¦
Saturday evening, February 24, a pleas
ant surprise party was given Miss Tillie
McCarthy at her residence, 1517 York
street. Among those present were: Mr.
T DRY GOODS COMPANY.
EASTER!
FINE MILLINERY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mall Orders
and Mrs. McCarthy, Mr. McLellean, Mrs.
Cummings, Mrs. Lyons, Miss Ella Mc-
Lellean, Miss Tina- McLellean, Miss Mary
McLellean, Miss L. Gallagher, Miss M.
Knus, Miss A. Knus, Miss Cecil Heans,
Miss Ella McCarthy, Miss Margaret Mc-
Carthy, Miss Mac Norton, Miss Lizzie
Walker, Miss Reynolds, Mias Lena Gillies.
Miss Mayme Meehan, Miss A. Meehan,
Miss Tlllle McCarthy, Miss Gertie Mc-
Carthy, Sam Gillies, Joe McLellean.
A most enjoyable surprise party was
tendered T. P. Bennett on March 1 at his
residence 31J Hyde street, the occasion
being the anniversary of the birthday of
his wife. The music, dancing and sing
ing lasted until 6 in the morning. Tables
were 6et for twenty couples. The Invited
guests were: Mr. and Mrs. T. P. Ben
nett. Mr. and Mrs. B. Hurd, Mr. and Mrs.
A. Winter, Mr. and Mrs. J. Sgier, Mr. and
Mrs. A. J. Haubert, Mr. and Mrs. George
Volz, Mr. and Mrs. P. Anthess Jr., Mrs.
E. Schleber, Miss Marie Jordan, Miss Ju
lia Anthes, Miss Lillie Jordan, Miss Helen
Anthes, Miss Sophie Jordan. Miss Tlllle
Rlchter, Miss B. Mayer, Miss E. Anthes,
Teddy Randall, E. Lebruce, T. D. Lee,
L. Mayer, Oscar Gantner, Fred Gantner
and Bert A. Anthes.
Club Parties.
A very enjoyable card party was given
by the Anemone Social and Outing Club
at the home of R. C. Greeninger Satur
day, February 24. Progressive hearts
was the game of the evening. The first
prizes were taken by Miss A. Paulson
and W. G. Johnson; booby prizes by Miss
M. Paulson and B. Martin. Those'pres
ent were: Miss F. Burger, Miss J. Green
inger, F. Greeninger, A. Paulson. M.
Paulson, N. Sundborg, O. Patchet, A. Bu
ford. F. Buford, R. C. Greeninger, A.
Johnson, G. Johnson, W. Simpson, J.
Stellman, J. H. Paulson and B. Martin.
A successful and charming affair was
that given by the lady members of the
Shakespearian-Longfellow Literary and
Social Club Tuesday evening, Feb
ruary 27, at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
J. H. Carah, 3932 Seventeenth street, in
honor of the birthday anniversary of
America's Illustrious poet, H. W. Long
fellow. The rooms were beautifully dec
orated with a profusion of flowers and
buntings, and the hours were delightfully
passed with songs, games and recitations.
At 10:30 a collation was served in the ban
quet hall, which presented a very attrac
tive appearance. Those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. J. H. Carah, Professor and Mrs.
William S. Thurgood, Mr. and Mrs. Hugo
Bilay, Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Langenbach,
Mr. and Mrs. John Fell, Mr. and Mrs. Ira
W. Coburn, Mr. and Mrs. Fred King. Mr.
and Mrs. Albert C. Wirth. Mr. and Mrs..
Henry Maas and Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Ir
vine.
The San Mateo Fortnightly held its regu
lar meeting Thursday evening, March
1, at the home of George VV. Dickie.
The main feature of the exercises was a
discourse by Mrs. Mary Roberts Smith,
associate professor of sociology at Stan
ford University, upon "Old English Bal
lads." The next meeting will be at the
residence of Phil M. Roedel. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Dickie,
Mr. and Mrs. P. M. Roedel, Mrs. Laur
ence, Mrs. E. R. Goodspeed, Miss Henion,
Mr. and Mrs. William Dickie, Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. Doane, Mrs. T. M. Edwards,
tho Misses Edwards, Mrs. E. W. Van
Slack, the Misses McDonald, Mrs. Feree,
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Dennlson, Mrs. C. M.
Morse, Miss Fannie Soule, Miss Anna
Dickie. Mrs. Hunt, Miss Clara Black, Mrs.
and Miss Wallace. Rev. R. H. Kennedy,
Mr. and Mrs. F. R. King.
A pleasant surprise dinner was given to
the trustees of the .Evangelical:Associa^
tion and their wives by Mr. and Mrs. H.
Zwlck. on Monday evening, March 6. Tho
table was decorated in green and white.
:The guests were as follows: Mr. and Mrs.
Zwlck, Mr. and Mrs. W. Fisher. Mr. and
Mrs. G. F. Ochs. Mr. and Mrs. W. Grani
cher, Mr. and Mrs. C. Berg, Misses Emma
and Amy Fisher, Miss Bertha Ochs and
Herman Houser.
A trolley ride was given by the Oriole
Club Sunday evening, March 4. Refresh
ments were served followed by a dance.
The following were present: Miss H. R.
Hartman, Miss Pauline Davis, Miss
Esther Rosenbaum, Miss Rosa Simon,
Miss Julia Greenbaum, Miss Theresa
Michael Miss Birdie Davis, Miss Bessie
Levy, Miss Hannah Wollenberg,' Miss
Hannah Pachscher, Miss Jannette Anshel,
Miss Florence Licht. David J. Schwartz,
Abe Reinhart. Charles L. Llcht, Charles
M. Davis, George W. Alexander, Harry
Goldberg, Harry Greenbaum, Martin L.
Levy, Max Reinhart, L. S. Schweitzer, J.
Steward.
In the future.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Silverstone will cele
brate their crystal wedding to-day, and
will receive their friends between 2 and 5
p. m., at their residence, 112 Lyon street.
Mr. and Mrs. Jake Lewis will hold a re
ception to-day, March 11, from 2 to 5 p. m.,
at their residence, 1749 Ellis street.
St. Patrick's Day Division No. 1, A.
O. 11. of the Board of Erin, which was
organized in IS6B, will celebrate St. Pat
rick's day by a social and literary en
tertainment on March 17, at their hall, 1159
Mission street. The committee of arrange
ments is as follows: James J. Keating,
P. M. Cleary, John Cronin-and M. Glea-
Eon.
An original "Purim" prize mask ball
will be given by the San Francisco He
brew Social Club on this Sunday evening.
March 11. at the Odd Fellows' Hall. The
ball is in celebration of the Jewish fes
tival, "Purim."
The Young Men's Holy Name Society
of St. Dominic's Church will celebrate St.
Patrick's day with a musical and dra
matic entertainment In St. Dominic's
Hall, Pine street, between Steiner and
Pierce, Saturday evening. March 17, at 8
o'clock. Besides many Interesting and
amusing vocal and Instrumental selections
a one-act farce, entitled. "Never Reckon
Your Chickens Before They're Hatched,"
will be presented by the following well
known ¦ young ladles and gentlemen:
Misses May Beechlnor, Julia .C. Coffey
Rosella McKeon and Mary Peltref
Messrs. A. F. Medley, H. J. Toomey and
John J. Crowley.
Fifty years of happy married life have
been the lot of Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Label,
who will, on Sunday, March 18, celebrate
the golden anniversary of their wedding.
The worthy couple came to San Fran
cisco In 1853. Both were born in Kem
pem, Prussia, Mr. Label In 1824, and Mrs.
Label, whose maiden name was Fannie
Arron, in . 1822. Nine children have
NG &Co.>a»
1 ->PATENTSf 1
<3. ltfd*w»
IZ3 Stockton Street.
WINTER RESORT.
PASO ROBLES "£¦*<»
WILL CURE RHEUMATISM;
Cl/SOD. LIVER. KIDNEY and BTOMACH
DISORDERS. Elegant hotel accommodations.
Famous mud baths. Special round-trip rebate
tickets. Apply FRANK W. EL.T. Acent. MO
>l*rket at.
... -parpb.Us
Invisible
Bye-Glass
Cllr»- That's what our newest ones are. that
don't slip, tilt or. waver. Cost 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Pone, Main 10.
OPTICIANS^^PH^WUJ.
642 Market St. issTßuxsiin
A Very Select Party
To be held at 717 Market street to-mor
row (Monday). Ladies and gents are in
vited to select from shoes offered for sale,
namely, gents' hand-sewed shoes, the
best known makers, worth Jo and $5. for
only $2 50 a pair. Ladles' vlci kid vesting
top lace shoes, hand turned, worth $3 00.
for $175 a pair at the sale of shoes, il7
Market street, near Third. *
Wedding invitations, visiting cards,
Koh-i-noor pencils, ¦Waterman fountain
pen 3 are our great specialties ln ptation-
ery department. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. :¦ •
steam, etc.; the restoring: of the exterior
heat of an Ingot by means of a soaking
pit, and the. sinking of scrap in forges and
furnaces; the almost universal generation
of steam by waste heat, and many others.
-Cassler's Magazine
Commencing on MONDAY, March 12, we will display In our Millinery
Pariori our Large Spring Importation of choice designs and exclusive styles
in High-class Millinery, and spscially our
FRENCH PATTERN HA TS.
CITY OF PARIS DRY, GOODS COMPANY,
SB. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco.
UNION SQUARE.
SEE DISPLAY IN OUR STREET SHOW WINDOWS.
CONCERT BY THE
WAGNERIAN TRIO
THE third Wagner concert, which took
place Friday afternoon at the Califor
nia Theater, drew the largest audlnece
that has attended any of thei« de
lightful. entertainments.
To those who have enjoyed the dis
courses of Mr. Damrosch and' the supe
rior singing. of Mme. Gadskl and Mr. Bisp
ham, and have become aware of the In
tensely pleasurable character of j their
offerings as well as their quite extraor
dinary Importance, It is a gratification
second only to the enjoyment of the mu
sic, to note this material token of an in
creasing appreciation.
The subjects of Friday's recital were
"Lohengrin" and "Die Meisterslnger,"
and the manner in which these two won
derous works were presented but empha
sizes' the art of the singers and the clever
ness of Mr. Damrosch. He maintained
the standard of excellence which he set
for himself in his preceding expositions,
with a charm and dependableness that
cannot be too highly extolled. The value
of his remarks and the enchantment of
his manner are evenly and equally sus
tained. His spell is sure and he inevit
ably rewards anticipation. Mr. Dam
rosch cannot disappoint.
While his treatment of the diverse
operas has been consistently happy, it
must not be supposed that he is either
monotonous or limited in fancy. On the
contrary, he handles the contrasting pur
poses of the Wagnerian works with va
riety, imagination, brillliar.ee. His meth
od is at once synthetic and analytic,
but whether he harmonizes or differen
tiates, he gives to everything he touches
the charm of his own fascinating per
sonality.
This was exemplified Friday afternoon
In his delightful illumination of the stories
and the musical essence of "Lohengrin'
and "Die Melstersinger." The legendary
character of one and the more earthly
milieu of the other were set forth with
the truest sympathy, understanding and
In his exposition of "Die Melstersinger"
Mr. Damrosch expressed his theme with
the perfect naturalness and humor be
comir.g the text, and those who have ex
perienced the charm of that spirit *of
playfulness which he occasionally Insinu
ates In his most serious subjects, were
more than ever pleased at finding him in
this instance indulging it without let or
hindrance.
I am intormed that the singularly good
translations of the texts which Mr. Dam
rosch uses are his own work, and furtheT
that in the socre before him there are
only the German words without cue or in
dication that might assist his dlscourso,
and this is but another proof of his great
capability.
Mme. Gadski and Mr. Bispham sang all
their numbers with a degree of charm
that was a rich reward for all that were
there to hear. Mr. Bispham i-ar.g
throughout the programme with a su
preme art that absolutely silences criti
cism, and he indorsed the former suc
cesses in the serious phases of his work
by rendering Pogner's "Address" In "Die
Meisterslnger" with a comic spirit that
displayed the most consummate skill. I can
only offer one comment in an appraise
ment of. his value as an artist, which 13
that In his singing of the Beckmesser
serenade, another comic Item, which he
gave for the purpose of illustration, fil
though it is not suited to his vocal char
acter, he did not altogether succeed In
disguising his own tone and quality..
Yesterday afternoon Mr. Damrosch lec
tured on "Siegfried" and offered a most
delightful exposition of this most Impor
tant and interesting music drama. The
measure In which each successive recital
commends the charm and ability of this
delightful artist cannot be adequately ex
pressed.
The concert which will take place at
the California Theater on Monday night
will be devoted to "Das Rheingold" and
"Die Walkure."
• • •
THE ABROMOFF CONCERT.
The concert given by Slgnor Abramoff
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Hall Thursday
was mixed in merit. The singing of Slgnor
Abramoff himself was enjoyable, for the
power and quality of his voice showed no
impairment, and he gave his two numbers
with the same good school that is notice
able in his singing of congenial music.
Ferdinand Stark contributed a violin
solo with deserved success. The oppor
tunity to hear him in legitimate solo work
occurs so seldom that a full appreciation
of his ability is practically denied us.
The programme was made up largely of
vocal selections by amateurs, of whom
the majority showed neither merit nor
promise. I believe on principle that the
amateur without some signs of ability
should be discouraged as a menace to the
already contaminated ranks of profession
alism. But few of the singers on last
night's progamme can be said to seriously
theaten the concert or operatic stage.
Miss Paraskova Sandclin has a natural
voice of rather good quality, but her style
would seem to argue that Slgnor Abra
moff is either unsuccessful in Inculcating
his own admirable method or li an In
structor whose potentiality has gone to
seed.
I would not say that he has failed with
William Van Norden, for this singer has
nothing to him beyond an unbecoming am
bition. He sang "Celeste Alda" with an al
most impossible ineptness, which was evi
dent in the first bar of the martial recita
tive and continued to the final B flat.
There was - a marked exception to the
general mediocrity in the singing of James
Nichols, upon whom Slgnor Abramoff may
set some store of credit. Mr. Nichols sang
"Spirito Gentil"- with not only an agree
able, voice, but with evidence of artistic
understanding and a good grasp of the
essential elements of finished vocalization.
He is Inclined to overdo things in the use
of tone color and in an effort at ex
pressiveness, but he undoubtedly has
claims to acceptance and is one of the few
amateurs that I know who show real
promise. Having no other means of ad
vising Mr. Nichols. I would direct him
to hunt up . a certain phonograph parlor
where he may hear "Spirito Gentil sung
by Signor Giannlni, a model of the pure
bel canto. PORTER GARNETT.
Fischer's New Concert House.
I The newest addition to the San Fran
cisco amusement world, is Fischer's con
cert ' house, almost directly ¦ opposite the
Orpheum. : It is to be a cross between the
Tlvol! . and the Orpheum. Just, now the
decorators are putting on the finishing
touches •to the tasteful " cream . and goM
interior, and the street audience Is pleased
to be much pleased with the prospects of
future Joys. But the most artistic . part
of the concert house is the Illuminated
blessed the union, three of whom
are now living. They are Mrs. Fred M.
Thai, Mrs. Annie E. Elkes and Louis
Label. There are also eight grandchil
dren, .who will Join the merry company
gathered in honor of the golden anniver
sary. The celebration will be held at the
home of Mrs. Thai, 121 Grove street.
Wedding bells
Mr. * and Mrs. Jake Lewis will receive
this Sunday, March 11, from 2 to 5 p. m.,
at their residence. 1749 Ellis street.
Sailed Away.
The passenger list of the - steamship
Australia, which sailed for Honolulu
March 7, was as follows: Mrs. E. Balge
rine, J. H. Belser. T. Brandt, M. C. Cabe,
Miss B. de l'Artigue. Miss A. D. Goeckler,
C. A. Jacox; Miss M. H. Krout, -Mrs.; H.
J. Maginnlty, W. Murray and wife, Mrs.
T. G. Thrum, Miss E. Thrum. Mrs. St D
G. Walters, Mrs. G. L. Warren, Albert
Waterhouse. Dr. E. C. Waterhouse and
wife, Mrs. Grace Waterhouse, E. C. vv in
eton. .
Personals.
William H. Keith and mother have tak
en apartments for the season in Paris, on
Ruei de jFigalle.
Mr. and Mrs. Milton L. Schmitt have
returned from their Southern trip and will
reside at 1268 O'Farrell street.
Mrs. McGrath has just returned from
her trip to Paris, and will be pleased to
receive her many friends at the City or
Paris here. .'- •¦ '¦ .¦ - „
Mr. and Mrs. Byron Mauzy and family
have returned from an extended visit to
New York, Washington. Rushville, Indi
ana; Indianapolis, Chicago and Los An
g< Misses Corinne ard Ida Werthelmer,
daughters of Mr. and Mrs. M. J. \\ ert
heimer, have gone to New York and the
East to visit relatives and friends.
Mrs. F. McNorton and Mrs. Jotham J.
de Haven will discontinue their day at
home after the first Wednesday in March.
Mrs. WlUard V. Huntington and Miss
Edith M. Huntington, who have been vis
iting in Southern California, have re
turned and are at their apartments in the
Hotel Richelieu.
Mrs. Hannah Liebes will be at home the
second Wednesday of every month, at
her residence, 2336 Broadway.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Gerberding have
gone to their home in Belvedere for the
spring and summer months.
Mrs. R. Reuben and Mrs. E. Folks have
moved to 829 Ellis street. At home on the
first Thursday of every month.
Mrs. H. Sande-Stollnitz has removed to
1552 Post street, and will receive on the
first Thursday in the month.
Henry G. W. Dinkelspiel is at present
in New York on business.
Dr. Malvina T. Judell will leave for
Europe on the 15th inst. She will spend
a few years there attending the hospitals
and clinics of the principal cities of Eu
rope. Dr. Judell will be at home to-day
to say good-by to friends and relatives.
Mr. and Mrs. Nat Raphael have left for
an extended trip through the Southern
and Eastern States.
Mrs. L. Gassner has removed to her
new home, 1480 Page street, and will be
pleased to see her friends on the third
Friday of each month.
Los Angeles.
The Trolley Whist Club was entertain
ed at the home of Dr. and Mrs. C. F.
Taggart in South Grand avenue on Mon
day evening. The following members
were present: Dr. and Mrs. Lynn, -Mr.
and Mrs. E. Foster, Mr. and Mrs. Fred
Zuker, Mr. and Mrs. H. Valentine, Mr.
and Mrs. C. C. Brock, Mr and Mrs. L. H.
Mitchell, Mr. and Mrs. A. Frazer, Mrs.
A. J. Smith, Miss Irene Borders and Dr.
J. M. King.
Rev. and Mrs. Dana W. Bartlett and
Mrs. Jennie Bradley were the guests of
honor at a reception given by Mrs. A. P.
West on Tuesday afternoon. Mmes.
F. C. Howes, Augusta Hihes and E. J.
Sanford assisted Mrs. 1 West in receiving,
and her other guests were: Mines. L. \V.
lilinn, H. G. Otis, W. J. Washburn. W.
D. Smith, O. H. Churchill, C. N. Sterry,
Harry Chandler, R. B. Williamson,
George D. Ruddy, Ira O. Smith, E. P.
Clark, T. T. Knight, John Chanslor, Wal
ter Cosby, Hugh Sutherland of China, M.
C. Callender, E. R. Threlkeld, Cecelia
White, Scott, Henderson Hayward, Wil
liam Currer, Charles D. Cheeseman, S. D.
Cheeseman, R. P. Milton of Indiana.
Christine Foote, Franklin Boothe, Miss
Valentine Hernandez and Miss Ella E.
Clarke. .
Mrs. Z. D. Mathuss entertained with a
.luncheon on Friday in honor of Mrs.
Harry Rea Callender. Mrs. Mathuss was
assisted in- receiving -by limes. H. H.
Kerckhoff , -E. S. Ferris, A. :. Davidson,
Clarence Hall, C. H. Whitman, Harry
Gray and the Misses Edna Bicknell, Ber
tha Bosbyshell, Gertrude Gording, Geor
gie Fishback of Chicago, Louise Smith,
Harriet Smith,. Stella Sanford,' Mabel
Clute and Julia Gait of Sterling, 111. The
list of guests" is as follows: Mmes. L.
D. Sabe, A. J. Waters, Jack Jevne, N. W.
Myrick, H. Gates, Richard Bundrem,
William Strong, W. F. Callender, Gilbert
Crutcher. E. G. Howard, A. M. Grigg,
Arthur Braly, E. S. Ferris, Frank Flint,
W. Mathews, E. L. Davis, O. Wuerker,
Le Grand Betts, Fred Johnson, W. Mc-
Vey, J. Fullwood, P. Thompson, Calvin
Hunter, John Kemp; the Misses Gene
vieve Smith, Bird Cnanslor, Clara Howes,
Flora Howes, Sabina Burks, Jennie Win
ston, Clara Bosbyshell, Elsie Bosbyshell,
Elizabeth Wolters, Alice Strong, Hattie
Strong, Kate Moore, Ada Doran, Mildred
Lewis. Frances Barber, Sara Taylor,
Margaret Henderson, Edith Fenney, Ma
rie Crow, Dora Vlckers, Mary ODon
oghue, Cora Tatham, Alice Haswell, Hat
tie Kimball, Jennie Hawks and Clara
Laas.
In the evening Mr. and Mrs. Wathuss
entertained the following guests: Dr. and
Mrs. Hawks, Rev. and Mrs. . Hugh K.
Walker, Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Patterson,
Mr. and Mrs. J. V. Vickers. Mr. and Mrs.
E. P. Bosbvshell. Dr. and Mrs. Hay ward,
Mr. and Mrs. James Montgomery, Dr.
and Mrs. Whitman, -Mr. and Mrs. S. S.
Salisbury, Mr. and Mrs. G. M. Clute, Mr.
and Mrs. C. H. White, Mr and Mrs. A. F.
M. Strong, Mr. and Mrs C. Barrere, Mr.
and Mrs. J. J. Aiken, Mr and Mrs. G.
CadwaJder, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Gray,
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Hall. Mr. and Mrs.
Garretson, Mrs. E. P. Clark and Mrs.
Danskin.
Mr. and Mrs. Williard H. Stimson gave
a tally-ho party to Santa Monica on
Wednesday evening in honor of Mrs.
Grace Moran Beardsley and Miss Mazle
Mather. The other guests were: Major
and Mrs. J. H. Norton. Mr. and Mrs. H.
G. Bundrem, Mr. and Mrs. John T. Jones.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Barker, Mr. and Mrs. T.
J. Flemming. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Holli
day, Mrs. Victoria Harrell and Messrs.
Fred Henderson, Charles Henderson and
Joe Easton.
Mr. and Mrs. John'Bloeser entertained
with a whist party on Friday evening at
th*>lr home on South Figueroa street. The
following is a list of guests: Mr. and
Mrs. John Rice. Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Wil
liamson, Mr. and Mrs. 11. K. Williamson.
Mr. and Mrs. TV. H. Burns, Mr. and Mrs.
M. B. Condlt. Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Blake.
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Limbrack. Mr. and
Mrs. L. McLaughlln,' Mr. ¦•' and Mrs.' J.
Kilmer, Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Dutton. Mrs.
W. E. Beason, Dr. E. C. Manning, Edgar
Beason and John Bloeser Jr. ¦
Fred W. Forrester entertained the
Alpha San Chapter of the Phi Sigma Fra
ternity at his, home 0n ... West ¦ Seventh
street on Friday evening. Tho. following
club members were present: Olln--Well
born Jr.; Bert Travers, -C. : de Forest
Howry, R. H. F. Variel; G. Clark Briggs,
H. B. Alexander, Woodford Davlsson, R.
P. Hillman, Edward Bosbyshell, 'L. -R.
Garrett. Dr. . E. M. Pallette. George Mc-
Lain. "Virgil Owen. Hamilton Fay, -Dave
Holton, Wlnsor Walton. Harry Walton.
Hiram Tphbets. W. F. Lloyd,. John- Kel
sey, Walter Stone. A: -A; Martin, '" H. L.
Martin. Brant Mathews, Roy j Ward,
Louis Everett. Leslie Henry, Walter. Krag
and Herbert Harpham.
Mrs. Thomas A. Blakely and little
daughter Claire are the guests of Los
Angeles friends for two weeks. >¦ .
I Dr. and • Mrs. F. O. Yost ; received their
friends for the first time since their mar
riage at the home on Griffin and Downey
avenues.
¦ Judge. E; M. "Ross has returned from
San Francisco. . ¦¦.-- ; .. , ,
: George .L. McKeeby has ; gone to San
Francisco to visit friends.
Mrs. J. Torrey Connor and daughter.
Miss June Connor, have returned from a
visit to San Francisco: v*«agSBF-43HliSi*$*a
Mrs. P. M. Cohurn, who has been visit
ing friends. in this city, haa returned i to
her home in Riverside. -
Mrs. O. W.'Anderson and son, who have
been visiting in,- this city, have returned
to their home in San Diego. ~ -
¦ Colonel A. G.'Oaspen has returned to
his home in San Diego. '
.Mr." and Mrs. Samuel Prager. who have
been .the guests of Pomona friends, : have
returned to their, home in this city.
. Mrs. Christensen, wife -of f, the general
manager of: Wells-Fargo- Express Com
pany of San Franrlsco. who has been vis
iting her sister. Mrs. J.;W.Sprague, has
returned to her home.- •¦¦•¦¦ *¦ : '• .'.-." ;
-:Mr. 'and .Mrs.- L. D. Sole/accompanied
by- Mrs. Sole's parents, Mr. : and- Mrs.-R.
F. "Wilson, have gone to Terminal IsOnnd
for a month's visit.
;? Mrs. C. D. , Walker has returned from, a
visit to Fresno.; • * ::-"-" --9-- a "'¦-. - ¦'-
I>r. ,A. L. Smith and -family,* formerly
of Kansas City, "have come to Los An
pel«s to reside. . • . ¦¦¦¦¦•..'
H. C. Booth, who - has been payinjr a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 11, 1900.
business visit to this city, has returned
to his home in San Bernardino.
Mr. and Mrs. \V. D. Woolwine have
gone East for a visit of several months.'
Mrs. Studebaker, Miss Studebaker r and
¦W. H. Greer have gone to New York on
business. ._ .;- » , ¦
Dr. and Mrs. W. "W. Hawk have as their
guests Miss lone Haugh of Santa Paula.
Miss Josephine C. Williams has returned
from a five weeks' visit in San Diego.
Miss Emily Sutton has gone to Ventura
to visit Miss Nellie Newby. . ¦•.
Mrs. J. N; Wiley and daughters of Santa
Barbara have coma to Los Angeles to re
side. ' v
Miss Maude Homer of Auburn Is visit
ing friends in this city.
Mrs. Thomas Watson Young held an in
formal studio reception at the Los An
geles School of Dramatic Art on Monday
evening.- Mrs. Young gave several pretty
readings, which were greatly appreciated.
THESE ARE THE PRICES:
16 Irjches ......$ 1.00 24 i0che5. .,.".. 54.00
18 "....;. 1.50 24 " ..:... 5.00
20 " 2.00 24 •• ...... 7.00
20 " 2.50 26 " ......10.00
22 M ...... 3.50 28 - ...... 11.00
22 " ...... 4.50 28 M ... .; 12.00
30 Inches ...........$15.00
UUTTQIJ'C'Q FOR BARBER 3. BAR-
JsKUsnilse«. se bootb.ack,. W
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makeraw canners.
dyers. Dour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. . shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
|| . hifThere' is a tower 1 1 I : \
li of strength and durability I I
|| about the shoe that bear^ 1 1 I
y the name of KAST -uu. II I
H strength combined with In j
11 style and reasonable in iprU;e. j I
II j I Is this what y ou are took- j| I I
§ I 8 l°u* 'ilustrktedl I I ||| I
I /j ISUMMER STILES! I 1 II
illed.
26
SOCIETYMorning— "God's Treasure." Evening—
"Confessing Christ."
Morning — "The Filch and the Poor." Even
ing — "King Saul and the Amalekltes."
Morning — "L»st We Forget." Evening—
Musical and literary concert.
•f. Fir»t Baptist. T. SL C. A. Anfiltorium.
«i> Mason and Ellis street*— Rev. E. A.
Morning— "Faithful In That Which Is
L*«st." Evening— "Our Long Home,"
with pr»lud> on "The Saloon In Manila."
Commencing TO-DAT. SUN. MAT., Maroh 11.
A NEW BILL. AND THE BEST YET.
MR. AND MRS
SYDNEY DREW
The famous American Dramatic Stars in Ken-
neth Lee's Latest Comedy Success,
"LOVE WILL FIND A WAT."
HOWARD THURSTO/V
The man who mystified Herrmann.
FLATOW AND DUNN
Champion White Cakewalkers and their Pick-
aninny. Eclipse.
SMEDLEY SKETCH CLUB
The Greatest Thing »f This
Kind Ever In San' Francisco.
HArrr FANNY FIELDS
Return engagement for one week only.
IMPERIAL MOORISH ACROBATS
Ten of the cleverest athletes In the world.
The sensation of the season.
MISS ANNA WHITNEY
The only lady Monologlat.
NEWHOUSE AND WARD
Bicycle, > Tricycle and Skycycle Comedians.
THE F HANKS Tlf/O
Last week of these wonderful gymnasts.
Week Commencing TO-DAY, SUNDAY MAT-
INEE, March 11.
Parquet. 25 cents, any seat; Balcony, 10 cents:
Children, 10 cents. .any part.
A few front orchestra rows reserved, 60 cents;
front rows of Balcony, reserved. 25 cents.
The Eastern Star.
.Vt the close of the meeting of Golden
' : 'te Chapter on the night of the Ist inst.,
v.hen there was work in the initiatory de
*:! cc. there was an adjournment to the
!.;;";1 below, where a choice collation was
served in honor of the new members. Miss
M. Ella Bradley, the worthy matron, pre
sided at that function in a manner that
v.as deserving of admiration. As a presid
ing officer in the chapter room she per
forms her duties with great skill and rare
tact, and as a hostess she is as cordial
as she is unassuming. There was a pro
gramme during the evening, the assem
l.lajre tx'ing favored with recitations by
L<'ttl«» Lenr.ie and Miss Dv Bose. whistling
t..10 by Cordie We.tjen Savage, accompa
nied o:i a piano by her Bister, Miss Wet-
Jea; reoitaUon by little Miss Langley and
an address by the worthy patron. Florin
L. Jones.
Last Wednesday night the associate
matron, Mrs. N. A. Wood, presided at
the session of King Solomon's Chapter in
The absence of the worthy matron. Mrs.
>". E. Wade, and her work during the ini
tiation was so perfect and impressive that
there were many present who would
scarcely believe that it was her first at
t< :r.pi in that line. She was heartily con
praiulated. This chapter feels a pride in
having a very efnclent corps of officers.
After initiation there was a supper.
H>c«*chnakir.g and dancing. A committee
<•: Jive has been appointed to purchase
pew paraphernalia lor the chapter.
To-morrow night Olive Branch Chapter
T(.iil have an interesting meeting and those
who desire to see work performed up to
the letter of the ritual will have an oppor
tunity to do so, for the worthy matron
has "drilled and drilled" the officers until
it would seem that the work could not be
cone more perfectly.
I>ast Tuesday the prand matron visited
Scepter Chapter at Orange; on Thursday
tlio was with Chispa Chapter at Anaheim.
*>n Friday she was at Norwalk and last
r.ight at Lyra Chapter in Whittier.
Order of the Amaranth.
At the meeting of Crescent Court of the
T*ejrree of the Amaranth last Monday
right there was a good number of mem
tt^rs in attendance, and there were as
visitors Mr. and Mrs. James Clayton of
Mistletoe Court of Minneapolis. During
the evening the royal matron, Mrs. Jennie
A. Graves, assisted by her corps of offi
cers, initiatt-d in a most impressive man
r.<-r in the beautiful language of this de
proe Mrs. Sarah Annie Bragg- and Mrs.
Mary Frances Fahrenholtz. The herald,
Ethel Murphy, was particularly effective
Ir. the performance of her part of the
coremon-y. . The vocal music Incidental to
the work of initiation was rendered in a
most pleasing manner by Miss Florence
Perkins. After the work of the evening
there was a collation and short addresses
by a number of those present.
The Grand Court of the Amaranth will
meet in Los Angeles on the 11th inst.. and
Crescent Court will be represented by the
royal patron. Florin L. Jones.
Odd Fellowship.
The idea of Fidelity I^odpe, I. O. O. F.,
t<i have an open mr-etinjr on the first meet-
Ji.g- r.ipht of each month, to which ladles
WoA Ftrar.gers are invited, is one thatisdes
ttned to become decidedly popular. The
attendance last Monday night was greater
than on the previous occasion, and the
committee that had charge of the affair—
W. B. Curtis. Dr. A. D. Meyer and Dr. C.
L. Zeipior — has reason to be proud of the
excellent programme presented and of the
prt^at number of people it attracted. There
was a piano recital by Mrs. M. Brennan;
vocal polo by Little Carrie Christiansen;
en address, witty and Interesting, by
James A. Wilson; soprano solo by Mrs.
Annie Nowbegin: violin solo by John A.
Jvt'igh; sor.g by George Schultz. and coon
eor.gs and a Cakewalk by "Baby" Schultz.
Then th^re was dancing. There will bt
another open meeting on the first Monday
in April.
La s=t Monday right the Veteran Odd |
PeUova to the number of thirty paid a I
fratorn;il visit to California Lodge. There |
¦rere addresses by President George H.
Morrison, Vio? President F. A. Week, Sec- |
r<!.irv W. H. Barnes, J. N. Youn?, Grand
Secretary Oeorpe T. Shaw. W. T. Gallo- j
v.. y. 1^ "S. W. Downs and L. L. Alexan
der.
< "nsmnpolitan Lodsre he-Id an open me*t
hiß last Wednesday night and had a good
Iroquols Council No. 25. D. of P., will
be instituted on the 6th of next April with
120 charter members. George H. Stein of
Yosemite Tribe is the organizer.
Yoserrilte Tribe will soon give a ladies'
night under the direction of George H.
Stein, A. C. Berthler, Dr. J. J. Keefe, E.
Lastreto, J. H. Jordan, J. H. Ohlandt and
G. Dastlgue. .
Kawahe Council, D. of P., will given an
entertainment in the Social Hall of the
Alcazar building on the night of the 20th
lnst. A choice programme has been ar
ranged. ¦-¦
Native Sons.
It has finally been determined to name
the new parlor, to be composed of those
natives of California who served with the
volunteers at Manila, "Army and Navy
Parlor," and its number will be 207. The
application for a charter, which has been
presented to all the local parlors, has on
it the names of 189 who served in the
Spanish-American war. It Is expected
that the new parlor will be instituted on
the 19th inst.
California Parlor No. 1 has elected Hen
ry Lunstedt, John H. Grady, F. W. Max»
ton, R. H. Morse, James B. Stovall, W. D.
Shea and H. M. Wreuen as Its delegates
to the Native Sons' Hall Association.
On the night of the 20th inst. the mem
bers of National Parlor will give a grand
minstrel entertainment In the assembly
hall of the Native Sons' building. A flrst
class programme is being rehearsed.
The annual meeting of the hall associa
tion will be held next Tuesday, when the
work of the year will be presented to the
members.
It is expected that there will be a grand
time on the trolley ride and dance to be
given next Wednesday night by Bay City
Parlor. The dance will be at the Ocean
Beach. , •
Foresters of America.
Court Aurora has arranged for a social
to be given in the social hall of the Alca
zar on the evening of the 26th of April.
Max Grimm, grand Junior beadle, was In
the city last week and visited several of
the local courts. ,
There Is a movement afoot to interest
all the local courts on the subject of se
curing headquarters for the order In this
city, where all the courts can meet under
one roof.
The next annual session of the Grand
Court will be held in San Luis Obispo next
May. at the same time that the Grand
Army Encampment will be held in that
place. Arrangements have been made by
which a Joint committee of the two or
ders will arrange a series of Joint enter
tainments during the time that the two
bodies will be In session. A programme
has been outlined, but it has not yet been
fully determined upon.
Court Sutro Heights will after the
Lenten season arrange for a grand ball
in celebration of Its anniversary.
Companions of America.
By reason of certain Informalities in
the petition for a special session of the
Grand Circle of the Companions of the
Fore6t of America to determine as to the
correctness of the ruling of the grand
chief companion In suspending the char
ter of independence Circle the meeting
will not be called, and the whole matter
will lay over until the meeting of the
grand circle in June.
The grand chief companion will pay an
official visit on the 4th of April to Robin
Hood Circle, and at the last neld meeting
of this circle a committee was appointed
to make arrangements to entertain the
visiting officer and those who will ac
company her. At the close of the meeting
of the circle last Wednesday night eight
of the lady members entertained the
others with a presentation of the "back
ward quadrille, an amusing travesty on
the square dance.
Inter Nos Circle at its meeting last
Tuesday night Initiated two candidates,
after which there was a social hour, and
as usual In this circle the very sociable
members had a pleasant time.
A new circle, to be called Martha Wash
ington Circle, is soon to be Instituted in
this city under the patronage of Court
Washington.
The next session of the Grand Circle
will be held in Oakland on the 6th of next
June. The convention of 1900 that is ar
ranging for the entertainment of the dele
gates to the convention has decided to
give* a picnic at Schuetzen Park on-the
15th of April.
The official visit of the grand chief com
panion to San Francisco Circle, which
was to have been made last Thursday,
was postponed until next Thursday.
Maccabees.
The reviews of Golden West Tent are
being made so interesting now that at
each one there is an attendance that by
far exceeds the general attendance in tho
majority of fraternal organizations. Those
who have charge of the social hour have
struck the keynote for making sessions
attractive, and the membership enjoys the
programme that is presented under good
of the order. In addition the tent is mak
ing good progress In the line of Initiations.
At the review last Tuesday night a groat
number of very interesting questions were
taken from the question box, and the dis
cussions on these proved of the highest
standard. The answers were exceedingly
instructive. During the evening five ap
plications were presented and referred to
committees on character. On the night of
the 20th Professor O. H. Packer will deliv
er an Interesting lecture on chemistry.
Pacific Tent at its last held review Ini
tiated one candidate and expects to have
more at its next. The smoker which this
tent announced it would give has been
postponed until after the close of the
Lenten season. It will be given in Native
Sons" Hall.
At the last held review of San Francisco
Hive No. 8 the membership had a pleas
ant evening.* being entertained with
speeches and Rongs by several of the
ladies of the hive. Lady Commander Mrs.
Mary E. Salmond and Past Lady Com
mander Mrs. Gertrude Wastier have gone
to British Columbia for a ten-day visit.
At the last held review of San Francisco
Tent there was a good attendance and a
candidate was inducted into the mysteries
of the order In first-class style. After the
work there was a pleasant evening of mu
sic and story-telling. Thin tent is advanc
ing in finance and membership, and the
two teams that are out for members are
still at work and securing candidates for
initiation.
California Hive No. 29 will give a so
cial hop In Union-square Hall on next
Tuesday evening, and the committee that
has charge of the affair will present a
good programme of dances.
Royal Arcanum.
The session of the Grand Council of the
Royal Arcanum for California will be hel 1
In Los Angeles, commencing on the 13th
lnst.
All the councils In this Jurisdiction re
port good gains, and the membership dur
ing the past year in all the States ahowa
an aggregate increase of 4289.
Sierra Council has made a very notice
able addition to its membership and it
has a prospect of a still greater Increase
In the near future.
•The San Francisco delegates to the
Grand Council are: Messrs. Nixon ami
Dlxon from Argonaut Council, Mesrrs.
Modgkins and Banks from Golden West.
Messrs. Stone and Merrill from San Fran
cisco and Gus Gunzendorfer from Buena
Vista Council: Messrs. Spence and Howard
from Sierra Council of Oakland, and Mr.
Chappell from Vallejo Council. These dele
gates are all well versed In the worn of
the order. There Is considerable guess
work at this time as to where the session
of 1901 will be held.
Knights and Ladles of Honor.
Mrs. Emma Qultzow has been appointed
a special deputy at large, Mrs. Marlon
Perry a special deputy for Vallejo and W.
F. Foss a special deputy for San Jose, and
It is the duty of these to advance the or
der and add to the membership.
Reports from the supreme office are en •
couraglng. They show - that during the
past month there has been a greater in
crease than there has been in the previous
nine months.. • ;
Each of the local lodges hag appointed
a special committee on propagation. .
The next session of the Grand Lodge
will be held in this city on the l?th of
April. '¦
There will be a free open meeting of Au
rora Lodge In Union-square Hall on the
night of the 19th lnst., on which occasion
there will be an entertaining programme.
Knights of Honor.
Keystone Lodge will have high jinks for
members only on the 15th lnst. , and will
have .an i open meeting on the occasion
of Its twentieth anniversary.
ftTJP^M HM'l'f,
*. T. M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis streets— H. J.
*• McCoy, secretary.
Common whisky Is a curse— the Old
Government Is a blessing. . V
<& Theosophlcal Society— Odd Fellows' bulld
<?> Ir.g.
Afternoon— Rev. John Carrington, recently
tiota. Slam, will address men's zaesUng.
Evening— Miss Edith Houston of Chicago
will lecture on "Theoaophy In Religions."
A Firrt Divine Science, Home College. 33G0
A Seventeenth street, between Mission and
A Valencia— M. E. Cramer, pastor.
Morning— "True Liberality."
Tlie Weekly Can.
$1 per Yeai%
CBUTES^AND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING*.
GORDON SISTERS. MAJOR MITE. lAJ-
r.AINE and DARRELL, DEL ZARTOS. JOE
CROTTY, BENNETT SISTERS, BLACK
BARTONS. MOVING PICTURES OP THE
AFRICAN WAR. ¦
f BALLOON
ASCENSION
TO-DAY!
Reserve Seats by Telephone, Park 23. _
*> First Church of Christ. Scientist. 22J Sut
• ter Ftif^t— The Bible and Bclence and
... Health. With Key to Scriptures. -
<*i First Christian. Twelfth street, near How
<f- ard— Rev. F. 8. Ford.
Morning— Rev. Dr. Btebblns will preach;
special music.
Morning— "Then Is the Lord Gone Out
Before Thee." Evening — Rally of all
Christian churches about the bay to con
sider city evangelization.
£ First Unitarian, southwest corner of Geary
<i, and Franklin streets— Rev. Dr. Stebblnn,
4 mln'Ftcr emeritus; Hey. Bradford Leavltt.
<j. minister. '. /- .
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FIFTH MEETING. Mch. 13 to 24. Inclusive.
Six hiith-class running races every week day.
rain or shine, beginning at l:S0 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand stand, glass-Inclosed, where,
comfortably housed in bad weather, they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9:00. 10:40 and 11:3 ft a. m. and 12:15. 12:35. tt:s«
and 1:25 p. in., returning Immediately, after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Seats In rear cara re-
served for women and their escorts. No smok-
lnjf. . Valencia street. 10 minutes later.
San Jose and Way Stations— Arrive at - San
.Bruno at 13:43 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:M
'and 4:45 p. m. pattMßttprtp
RATES— Ban Francisco to Tanforan and 1 re-
turn, . Including admission to track, 11.25.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary and Manage*
Morning— Rev. Frederick L. Hosmer of
Berkeley will preach In exchange with Mr.
Leavltt.
Morning— "The Grace of Charity." Even-
Ing— "Joshua, the Man of Dedalon."
A Memorial Presbyterian. Railroad avenue.
<;• near Eighteenth aye— Rev. H. N. Bevler.
Morning— Sermon and special music. Evan-
Ing — "Help for Invalids."
X' Calx-ary Presbyterian, corner Geary and
«> Powell streets— Rev. John Hemphlll.
Morning— Rev. Dr. Shepard will preach on
"The Christian Fellowship." Evening
"Talk at Close Quarters."
*v Firrt United Presbyterian, corner Golden
i : . <Jate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. 11.
4'- BeU. r/:-k-Kv- ¦
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—"The Bargain Rued."
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
MATINEE TODAY, SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND NEXT WEEK.
The Greatest Farce Hit Ever
- Made, In This City. ,-
Never Again
" Chronicle says: " "Never Again*, la a hilari-
ously funny farce— most uproariously lively."
Bulletin: "The smoothest acted and brightest
farce of the season."
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c,50 c
In Preparation— "DlPLOMACY."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even-
Ing—Same.
a,' Firrt Presbyterian, corner Van Ness aye
% rue and Sacramento etreet— Rev. Robert
<i> Mackenzie.
''.. \Testminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
4> Webrter Ftreets— Rev. E. H. Avery.
0, Rlrhmrmd M. E.. Fourteenth avenue, be
4. tween Point Lobos avenue and Clement
|. ftreet— Rev. A. E. Clrlch.
Mornlnp— Preaching by th» pastor. Even-
Ing — Same.
Z Fifteenth Avenue M. E.. South San Fran-
cisco Rev. Arthur Anderson.
Morning— Preaching by tha pastor. Even-
Ing—Same.
*» Erworih corner Church and Twenty-aixth
4- 6tr**ts-Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Same.
Morning— "Embassadors for Christ." Even
ing—"Excuses Reviewed."
Morning — Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—"Rejecting Christ"
X First M. E.. Powell street, near Washlcg
4- ton— Rev. W. .6. Lrmy.
% California Street M. E.. corner California
<L "and Broderiek strtH-ts-Rev. A. C. Bane.
i> Grace M E.. corner Twenty-first and Capp
4. ftreets-Rev. J. N. Beard.
Morning — Sermon by the pastor. Evening —
Same.
£ Hmrard M E.. between Second and Third—
Z Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
1-. Trlnltr M E.. corner Market. Sixteenth and
S Nf" str«et«-Rcv. Theo. H. Woodward.
Morning — Gospel sermon by Master Jack
Cook. Evening — Gospel service by the
Cook family.
Morning— Preaching by th« pastor. Even-
Ing—Same.
*. Potrero M. E.. Tennessee street, near So
«> lano— Rev. S. M. Woodward.
X Central It. E. Mission street, near Sixth—
4> Rev. S. D. Huts'.npllier.
?
M'rnlng— "The More Such Men the Bet
ter." Evening — "A Word Given for the
Weary"
£ Simpson Memorial, Hayes and Buchanan
4- streets— Rev. John Ftephens.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing. "The Man That Does Not Need a
Savior."
S First Congregational, corner Poet and Ma
4. eon streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
«c- . ¦
Morning— "Christ and Human Sin." Even
ing—"When the- Church Had Only Two
Members."
? ¦ Third C«npT*satinr.al. Fifteenth street, near
2> MiFFlon— Rev. William Kader; paster In
4 charge. Rev. A. Bayley.
4 Kirhmond Congregational, corner Eeventh
4. avenue and Oment street— Rer. Philip
<i. Ocon-.be.
Morning — "Moses, the Shepherd, a Lenten
Thought." Evening— "Archbishop Cramer,
the Enpllsh Martyr." second In series of
"Lessons From Men of Yesterday."
Morninr— "The Conquest of California."
Evening — "Spiritual Lessons on Orni
thology."
- St. Mary's. Dupont and California streets —
<i Paulift Fathers.
Morninr— Sermon by one of the Fathers at
11 o'clock mass. Evening— Vespers and
sermon.
<i. Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street, near
<i* Etelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
<s-' St. lenat'.us. Hayes street and Van Ness
<. avenue— Jesuit Fathers.
4>
«•
•4 St Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
4 OFarrell street— Rev. Father Prenaentaet.
« V. G.
Morning — Mass at 11 o'clock and sermon,
Afternoon — Calvarian Society exercises.
Kv^nlng — Vespers and sermon.
Morning— Rev. Father J. P. Frieden will
preach at the 10:30 mass. Evening— Rev.
Father Woods will dWivnr his second
Lenten discourse after vespers.
THEY ARE COMING AGAIN.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
AFTERNOONS AND NIGHTS.
March 15, 16. 17.
EVERYBODY'S FAVORITE!
LrVTNQ BROWNIES AND REAL FAIRrEB!
Magnificent Scenic and Spectacular Production
of Palmer Cox's Immensely Successful
Modern Operetta,
"THE BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND."
200— CHILDREN ON THE STAGE— 2OO
NOTICE— AII children attending the first
performance on Thursday afternoon will be
presented with "Brownie Book," beautifully
Illustrated.
- NEW
JH^ MUSIC.
«*»• " """ ' ~Jm±M* DANCES.
4f> SPECIALTIES.
D BEE
AW The Fairy Ballet.
fcjn Trip Living Roses.
W^^^^W * rtie Funny Chlnampn.
afy The Cakewalk Ballet
The Wonderful Barge.
And tli* Magnificent TRANETOBHATION SCENE.
Reserved Seats — Night, 25c, Me, 75c; Matinees,
25c, 60c. Sunday, March 18— "PUDDIN'HEAD
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY SUNDAY March "
Classical Open Stake
¦ oir ' ¦
38 NOMINATIONS 38
SIOOO
PRIZE MONEY
StOOO
• s*
MTTSTC BT YON DER MEHDEN*B BAJHX
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 11 a. m..
12 m. and 1 p. m. Returning; at 4:45 p. m. and
after last course. San Matoo electric, ears every
Admission 25c. Ladies Free.
COLUMBIA^
TO-NIGHT "?7^ E
DENMAN THOMPSON and '
"THE OLD HOMESTEAD."
Beginning MONDAY NIGHT
CHARLES FROHMAN
Presents WILLIAM GILLETTE'S
6REATEST COMEDY TRIUMPH,
BECAUSE
jr "The
1 r_ Little
¦ Minister
-I ft J Farce '"
1 1 111 UU
J. E. DODSON
AND THE
SAMEGREAT CAST
As Seen for over 150 Nights at the Madison
Square Theater, NiwYork.
6RAND OPERA-HOUSE— Special.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, March 15th,
At 3tlS.
LastSymphonyConcert
Under the Direction of
HENRY HOLMES.
BEST PROGRAMME OF THE- SERIES!
Reserved Seats — £>c 50c. Too, $1 and fl 50. On
sale at Sherman. Clay * Co/s.
FISCHER'S
NEW CONCERT HOUSE
122-124 O'FARRELL ST.
E. A. FISCHER. .................Proprietor
GEORGE MOORER ......_.... Manager
THE HANDSOMEST MUSIC HILL IN AMERICA.
GRAND "OPENING
MARCH 19.
Received nightly with Shrieks of Mirth ani
Vociferous Applause by Crowded
Houses.
PHONE WlAiry 832.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good reserved seat In orchestra at to-day**
matinee, 25 cents.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
"HOOTMON"
This Is No "Fairy Talel"
To-Nl?ht Hundreds Will Crowd the
TIVOLI
to Laugh and Enjoy the
65th-PERFORMANCE-65th
of the Marvelous Comic Opera Success,
- " . Hss! sbbH bbbbbbl
¦_ If
Which Begins To-Morrow. the
isriisTTH
Of Its Record-Breaking Career.
Curtain Rises Evenings at 8.
Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 Cents.
Telephone Bush 9.
programme of music, literary efforts and
dancing.
On the 17th of next month Unity Lodge
will confer the degrees on a large class of
candidates in Its lodgeroom In the Mia
6lon district, and after the work there will
be a banquet.
The approaching anniversary of the
foundation of Odd Fellowship in the
United States, April 26, will be celebrated
by Patriarchs Militant and drill corps by
a picnic at Sunset Park.
Apollo Lodge's degree team is now In
dustriously drilling and rehearsing, pre
paratory to receiving Its new outfit of
paraphernalia for conferring the three
degrees.
The Rebekahs.
There are many members of the order
of Rebekahs who will regret the depar
ture of Mrs. Elmlra J. Simpson of Loyal
Lodge, who is soon to take up her home
In New York City, for she was not only
an energetic worker for her own lodge,
but for the order generally, and her
presence In any lodgeroom was as a ray
of sunshine on a cloudy day, always
cheering. The reception tendered to her
last Monday by her lodge, of which an
account appeared In The Call of last
Wednesday, was a graceful tribute to a
most deserving Rebekah.
Tho order has been particularly active
during the current term. Since the ad
journment of the assembly last year ten
new lodges have been instituted. Through
the special efforts of District Deputy Til
lie Getchell one was Instituted last Thurs
day at Murphys. and another will be In
stituted in a few days at Capay. Next
month a lodge will bo instituted at WiU
lats and another at Dlxon.
There was a special session of the Cali
fornia Assembly at Fresno yesterday.
Native Daughters.
Grand Treasurer Miss Eliza D. Keith of
Alta Parlor contemplates resigning the
position she Is now holding and It is her
desire that Miss Lizzie Douglass of the
Fame parlor, who has been grand treasur
er, should be appointed to fill the balance
of the term.
The dramatic entertainment that is to
be given jointly by the members of Alta
Parlor No. 3 and Buena Vista Parlor No.
6S will be given in Native Sons' Assembly
Hall on the night of the 20th of April. The
piece to be presented will be "Rebekah s
Triumph."
Last night the members of Alta Parlor
celebrated the thirteenth anniversary of
The institution of the parlor by a- banquet
after business of the evening had been
concluded.
May I^annigan, second vice president,
has retired from the position and Annie
Belkonski, the third vice, was elected to
fill the vacancy; Alice Tlcoulet, who was
filling the office of marshal, was elected
third vice, while Mrs. Morgan was elected
marshal. ;; ,
Last Wednesday night Oro Flno Parlor
had a very pleasant entertainment and
dance in the banquet hall of the Native
Sons' building, which for the occasion was
decorated with evergreens and the Amer
ican colors. The function was under the
direction of Misses Nellie Mulcay, L.
Henrix, J. Stark. A. Croney, A. Hinck, M.
Hlnck. M. Gerdes and Mac G. Church and
Mrs. Jennie Tyler, who presented for the
entertainment of the members and guests
a programme which had for features
vocal 6olos by Pearl Van Meter, William
Fenstermacher and George Busch; vocal
duets by Miss Parsons and Miss L. Smith
and Mrs. Hahn and Mr. Zeigler; recita
tions by Helene Darling. Charles Kaeintz
and F. Van Meter: Instrumental selections
by Messrs. Schmalzen and Danneberger
and Messrs. Park and Morris. Then fol
lowed dancing till midnight, and to such
an extent did all enjoy themselves that
there was regret when the orchestra
• played tho announcement for parting.
Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ec of Alta Parlor, a
gifted musician, who on many occasions
has added to the pleasure of entertain
ments by instrumental selections, has
often attended the meetings of Calaveras
Parlor and furnished the music Incidental
to Initiation and played dance music, and
at the recent public Installation also
played sweet music. The members of the
parlor, wishing to show th*>lr appreciation
of hoc kindness, last Tuesday evening sur
prised her by presenting her with a beau
tiful chocolate set. with the love of every
member of the parlor.
The Grand Parlor, through Its officers,
sent a memorial to Congress in relation to
the Big Trees, embodying the same ideas
that were embodied in the memorial sent
by the Native Sons.
Alell Parlor of Salinas has sent a con
tribution of |10 to the Native Daughters'
Home.
Mrs. Cora B. Slfford, grand president. Is
on a tour of visitations. On the Bth lnst.
she was at Plymouth, on the 6th at Ama
dor City, 7th at Volcano, Bth at Butter
Creek, »th at Jackson and 10th at lone.
On the 13th she will be In Woodland, 14th
In Placerville. 15th in Sacramento, 19th In
Etna Mills, 2lst in Weaverville, 23d In
Shasta and 24th In Anderson.
El Pajaro Parlor recently gave- a Mar
tha Washington party, at which the mem
bers were In the costume of colonial days.
The affair was a great success In every
way.
San Miguel Parlor -No. 94 mourns the
loss of Past President Reed, whoee
death occurred on the 28th of last month.
She was a charter member of the parlor,
was always a faithful ' and energetic
worker for the order and was a delegate
to the Grand Parlor. She was laid to rest
In an Oakland cemetery under the aus
pices of Aloha Parlor No. 106.
Last Monday night Darlna, the parlor
of beautiful girls of the Western Addition,
had as visitors Past Grand President Mrs.
Lena H. Mills, her sister. Miss Htlke of
Stockton, and Mrs. Ella Wehe of Buena
Vista Parlor, who witnessed the officers
initiate two more pretty girls. Two ap
plications were read and four more will
be presented to-morrow night. This par
lor is working hard to Increase its mem
bership to one hundred. To-morrow
night the social committee composed of
members whose names commence with
D, E and F will present a surprise In the
way of social entertainment and then
there will be a collation.
Last Thursday night the beauty parlor,
officially known as Calaveras, had an en
tertaining entertainment and dance in the
banquet hall of the Native Sons' Hall,
which was enjoyed by a very large num
ber of the friends of this progressive sub
ordinate of the order. Misses Wrede,
Frank. McVerry, McFarland. Struss and
Leeman presented a programme that had
for Its features an address by Miss
Wrede, the president; vocal solos by Miss
Cunningham and J. Brodde; recitations
by Miss Warren and Miss L. Frank; cake
walk by little Miss Miller and Hazel
Dugan; fancy dance by Miss Freda Cog
gins, and a grand Cakewalk by the fol
lowing named professionals: Bert Stowe
and Anita Walton, Pacific Coast cham
pions; George and Carrie Linden and
Freddy Keen© and Irene Wilson. H. L.
Eppinger was tho drum major. Dancing
until midnight closed the entertainment.
The Druids.
On the night of the 3d lnst. Golden Star
Grove, which has become Jealous of the
success of Manzanlta Grove, demonstrated
that its membership could get In and work
by producing fourteen candidates to re
ceive the first degree. It expects to show
a large Increase in membership by the
time of the meeting of the Grand Grove.
Last Monday night Noble Grand Arch
James F. Martlnoni, assisted by Grand
Secretary Graves, Grand Guardian
Godeau, L. A. Wolff (noble arch of Laurel
Grove), Past Arch Stein of Norma Grove,
Past Arches Guglielmona, Vancelgucimo
and G. Fontana of Aurora Grove and
many brothers of the last named grove.
Instituted Olympia Grove No. 119 in Mis
sion Parlor Hall. At the close of the in
stitution there was an hour at the ban
quet table.
Last Tuesday night Aurora Grove had
an anniversary celebration in Its hall and
there were present besides the member
ship the noblo grand arch, grand, secre
tary, grand treasurer, grand guardian.
Past Noble Arches L. M. Wolff. L.
Palmer. A. F. Gomes, G. Pettarga, A.
Avanzino, D. Chereghino. A. M. Bianchi
and A. Almo, Noble Arches L. A. Wolff
and L. Flgone, Vico Arch G. N. Luchessa
and many members of Galileo, Alplnl and
Olympia groves. There were addresses
appropriate to the occasion by the visiting
erand officers and others, and after the
formal reception in the grove there was
an adjournment to an adjoining hall,
where an excellent anniversary supper
was served and there were a few hours
of social entertainment. This grove now
has a membership of 162, with a good rec
ord . for promptness of payment of all
benefits and liberal donations to widows
and orphans of deceased members. The
grove has $1700 to its credit in bank.
Santa Rosa Grove reports a boom and
announces that a ladles' circle will soon
be started there. A new grove will short
ly be instituted at Sevastopol. Past Noble
Arch Flora, formerly of Slssons, is now
in Bakersfield. where he will start a new
grove. Past Noble Grand Arch Sorensen
of Modesto has put on the armor again
to fight in behalf of Druidism, and he Is
meeting with great success.
I-ast Thursday night Manzanlta Grove
gave the llrst degree to a dozen Btrangers,
and It still has a number to Initiate. The
charter will close on the 15th lnst. There
are a number who are to receive the sec
ond and third degreee.
The Elks.
Pan Francisco Lodge at its meeting on
tho 2d in*t. received the applications of
fifteen well-known citizens who have ex
pressed a desire to be members of the
order. The time for the annual banquet
to be given by this lodge has not yet been
fully determined, but the committee on
arrangements is at work selecting a tooth
some menu. On the night of the 21st a
number of the members of this lodge, to
gether with ladies, in all one hundred,
will \-lsit Oakland to attend the circus to
be given by the Oakland lodge.
A short time since two actors connpeted
with a theatrical company that became
stranded in this city found, themselves
without means to return to New York.
The fact became known to San Francisco
Lodge, and although the actors were not
mombers of the Order of Elks, but were
worthy members of a profession that has
on many occasions entertained the Elks,
tho lodge purchased tickets for them and
gave them spending money to keep them
on the way to New York City. That Is
the way tho lodge often helps Individuals
In distress.
There Is a movement to rehabilitate the
lodge In Bakersfleld.
The lodge at Los Angeles has now a
membership of 400.
The lodge at San Jose is going In a body
to attend the Oakland lodge circus.
Improved Order of Red Men.
The following are the names of the
chiefs of • the new tribe, Seneca, of Im
proved Order of Red Men recently insti
tuted In this city: J. A. Devoto, sachem;
F. W. Bredhoff, senior sagamore; Richard
Lyons, Junior sagamore; J. Valentl,
prophet; W. P. Wand, chief of records;
Charles Gay. keeper of wampum; *W. W.
J. Weeks, T. J. Hayes and James Dun
das, trustees; L. D. Baclgalupl, medicine
man.
Manhattan Tribe, Instituted a few oven
ings since at San Jose by Great Sachem
E. B. Wilson, assisted by Great Prophet
G. W. Collins, Great Chief of Records
Porter W. Bliss, George N. Tarrtn of
Cherokee Tribe and Edward Close of
Altahmos Tribe, starts In with forty char
ter members. The adoption work was by
a team from Bald Eagle Tribe, under the
leadership of H. C. Wehr. Its energetic
captain, and the work was very impres
sive. The chiefs are: H. J. Edwards, S.:
Theodore de Gosh, S. S.; A. A. Thrift, J.
S.; H. O. Kryerley, P.; William F. Foss,
C. of R.J E. H. Bourgignon, K. of W.
After tho institution there was a banquet
and an enjoyable time.
I,ast week the members and friends of
Pocahontas Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas enjoyed a cascarone party In
Laurel Hall of the Shlels building, which
was crowded with young folks who enjoy
dancing. The affair was under the direc
tion of the officers of the council, who had
prepared a large number of fancy pack
ages filled with bits of colored paper that
were thrown at and covered the dancers
from head to foot.
Wlnnemucca Tribe No. 61 gave a very
pleasant social in the social hall of the
Red Men's Hall on the 24th of last month,
presenting a programme of numbers alter
nately with dances. There were several
pleasing musical numbers; ltterary efforts
and instrumental music. The affair wao
under the direction of Carlos F. de Berna
R. P. Oale. 11. L. Stacey and A. H. Hage
man. The first named officiated. as floor
manager.
On the 2d !nst. the great chiefs and a
mimber of visiting Red Men were enter
tained by Monadnock Tribe, In Its wigwam
In Mission Opera Hall. The wigwam was
very prettily decorated, and after long
and short talk 6 by the visiting great
chiefs there was a fine programme of mu
sic. Kinging and literary numbers. Dur
ing the evening there was a banquet and
the assemblage was photographed. Among
those present were Great Sachem "Wilson,
Great Chief of Records- Bliss, Great
Mlshinewa Swan. Past Great Sachem
Brandt. District Deputies Colby, Nelson
and Hausman, Past Sachems J. P. Frost.
P. S. Seymour, Abbott and Barry and Sa
chem Relmut of White Eagle Tribe.
Awashte Tribe paid . the wigwam a visit
In a body.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
LAST WEEK/ 145T WEEK!
LAST WEEHI LAST WEEK!
This Afternoon at 2:30 — To-Night at 8:15
Norris & Rowe's
...81G...
TRAINED
-ANIMAL SHOWS-
THE ONLT
NOVELTT IN TOWSt
Qfifl PERFORMING Qf\Ck
OUU ANIMALS OUU
THE OREATEST" CONGRESS OF TRAINED
AND EDUCATED ANIMALS IX
THE WORLD.
DELIGHTING THOUSANDS AT EVERT
PERFORMANCE.
COMICAL EDUCATED GOATS.
AMUSING TROUPES OF PERFORMING
DOGS. .
GREAT COMPANIES EDUCATED
SHETLANDS.
MONKETS IN CURIOUS AND FANTASTIC
GARB. PRODUCING THE MOST
LAUGHABLE IMITATIONS.
ONLT TRAINED AFRICAN ZEBRA.
SMALLEST PERFORMING ELEPHANT.
WONDERFUL ANIMAL
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
EXCITING CHARIOT. TANDEM AND
GRETHOCND RACES.
A CLEAN MORAL AND INSTRUCTIVE
EXHIBITION.
Norris A Rowe's Shows have received the In-
dorsement of the Press, Clergy and
Public Educators Throughout
America and Canada.
Bring the Children To-Day.
PRICES: ADULTS. 23c; CHILDREN. 10c
LATEST NEWS OF FRATERNAL SOCIETIES
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 11, 1900.
GRAND SS
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON
AT J O'CLOCK.
SECOND WEEK
OF THE IMMENSE SENSATION.
RICE'S LAUGHABLE MUSICAL COMEDT.
Morolnß— "Matter."
<.. Se^nd Unitaiian. corner Capp and Twentl
4, *-th ctrcete— Her. A. J. Wells.
<i> Franklin Ftre*t rn-Fbrterian. corner Frank
«> lin and Vallejo streets— Rev. Pavld James.
%ctass*»
ff^^J^C^yE^WßP^3^fl
iT 8 I B* \
Mm II IB 1
GIRli
FROM\
/PARIS!
A QUARTETTE OF CELEBRITIES
FROM
LAMBARDI OPERA CO.
JOSE BADAROCCO, Tenor
MME. BARDUCCI. Soprano
LYA POLLETTINI. Contralto
ANTONIO VARGAS, Barytone
IN
FOURTH ACT FROM ILTROYATORE.
HINRICHS' CHALLEN6E ORCHESTRA!
ADMISSION tO CENTS
FROM S TO 10:43 P. M.
Seats Reserved Ul>on Application.
STRICTLT FIRST-CLASS. CAFB UNSUR-
PASSED.
"Wouldn't This Keep Yon Waiting?"
THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLATHOUSE.
PHONE SOUTH T7O.
Starting with MATINEE TO-DAY,
TO-NIGHT.
THE GREAT GIANT OF GRINS,
HAVE
YOUSEEN
SMITH'?
THE FUNNIEST FARCE OF
FORTT CENTURIES. ,
Best Company of Comedians Extant.
M ,^» M CAN SING.
CjT # #» sLij?^ WHO CAN DANCE.
V-f 111 sW *mF who ARE PRETTT.
POPULAR PRICES.
Evening— lsc, 26c, 85c. 60a and 75a
Matinee— lsc, 23c. SSc and 60c.
Next— Mß. HARRY GLAZIER In a Lavish
Production of "THREE MUSKETEERS."
Direct from New Torlc city.
CALIFORNIA, THEATER.
Mr. C. L. Graft presents
LAST OF THE GRAND OPERATIC CON-
CERTS OF THE
WAGNER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
MADAM GADSKI. DAVID BISPHAM.
WALTER DAMROSCH.
To-Morrow (Monday) Night, Double Bill,
•'DAS RHEINGOLD,", "DIE WALKURE"
Tuesday Night, Double Bill.
"SIEGFRIED"— "GOTTERDAMMERUNO." •
Wednesday Night— Gala Performance; Miscel-
laneous Programme. Programme to be -
Announced.
Reserved Seats-75c, |1. $1 EO. |2. $3 50, l|.
General Admission, fl. Now on Sale at the
Box Office. ¦
SHERMAN CLAY & CO. '6 HALL.
EXPLANATORT RECITALS AT THE
PIANO BT MR. WALTER DAMROSCH
ON THE
WAGNER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
TO-MORROW Monday) AFTERNOON at 8:30
"GOTTERDAMMERUNG."
Friday, March 16, at 3:30. "Parsifal"; Satur-
day March 17, at 8:30, "Tristan and Isolde."
Reserved Seats, $1 SO: General Admission, fl.
on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. .
INGLESIDE
INGLESIDE
INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK.
COURSING PARK.
COURSING PARK.
-EIGHTY- -EIGHTY-
-EIGHTY- -EIGHTY-
-EIGHTY- -EIGHTY-
- CHAMPIONS
CHAMPIONS
CHAMPIONS
...TO-DAY...
...TO-DAY...
Sunday, March 11th, 1900.
F. J. RETLLY, Judge;
H. MURRAY, Slipper.
Mission-Street Electric Cars direct
to Coursing Park in 2O Minutes.
INGLESIDE
INGLESIDE
INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK.
COURSING PARK.
COURSING PARK.
OLYMFIA £?£\.n6*
THE ONLT FREE VAUDEVILXJB
SHOW IN THE CITY.
---OUHAMA
World Renowned and the Only Exponent of
His Marvelous Art Ever on the Coast.
BLANCHE LE CLAIRE SLOAN.
Tod Sloan's Sister and the Queen of
. the Flying Rings.
TRIXEDA
The Succesa of the Season.
MLLE.THELMA
AND A HOST OF OTHERS.
'MATINEE EVERT SUNDAT.
AMATEUR NIOHT EVERT FRIDAT.
ADMISSION FREE.
fl Irr n nil I I Corner r Fourth and
lipoHygpi
Valises checked free.
WITH
27SAN FRASCISCO CALL.
TJUFrNKSS OFFICB.of the Ssn Frsnel-co
Tell, corner of Market snd Third streets, open
cr.ttl 12 o'clock every nltfit in the year.
BRANCH OFFICKS-527 Mcntgoroery street,
corner Clsy: open until 9:39 p. m.
SfO Hayes rtreet: open until 9:S» p. en.
fS» McAllister street; open until 9:59 p. m.
riS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IMI Mission street; open until 10 p. — v
ttei Mvrket -treet, corner Sixteenth: open
cntil • p. m.
JW Eleventh street: or*n until » P- — •
10*8 Valencia street: or»n until • p. — .
__ Polk »treet: open until » p. m.
Nortfc-est comer of Twecty-eecond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m-^m -^
CHL'RCH SERVICES.
GRACE M E. Church, corner Capp and Twen-
ty-firrt sts.. P.ev. J. N. Beard. D.D.. pastor.
11 a. m.. preaching by the pastor. 12:45 p. m..
M:n_ay school. J. G. Sanchez, superintendent.
€1 15 r ni-. Epworth League. 7:30 p. m..
preaching by the pastor. Monday »™>l°f.
monthly meeting of th- Sunday school board.
Ex-erybody welcome. Seats free.
AT Centra! Methodist KpiscopaJ Church. Mis-
sion St.. t-t. Fixth an- Seventh. Dr. S. _».
Hutsmplller will rreach at 11 o'clock on the
tr-pie. "The Mere Such Men the Better, and
at 7 20 on tlie toj'ic. "Right Good Words for
Right Weary Peoi'le." Everybody welcome;
alS'j at S-nday-6<_ool at 1 o'clock.
HOWARD-STREET M. E. Church-Jack Cooke
will r.re»ch morninz and ev#nlng; in the morn-
ing the lower ;_i of the church will b? re-
se— red fcr members until 11 o'clock.
'''CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Po^eH
and Geary Ms., Hey. John Hemrhlll. D. D..
r*stor— Services at 11 R. m. and .:30 p. m. ; in
the evening an cvanse'.-stic service with er«n-
ifellstic music; topic, p. m., "Health for In-
valids." All are cord. ally Invited.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Ma.«cn Ets.— Rev. Georire C. Adajns, D.D..
pastor will preach at both services. At 11
a m.' theme. "Christ and Human Sin": at
753 p in theme. "When the Church Had
On'.y Two' Members." All are cordially .In-
vited. ¦
TRINITY Oiurch. cor. Push and Gough ets..
Her. Frederick W. Clampett. D. D-. rector—
H'.lv iVn-.mur.ion S a. m.; morning service 11
«. m.; wf-iang iirayer 4 p. in. The rector will
l«re_eh.
BEVEXTH-lUV A<lvent!st Church. 914 Laguna
e\ »#t MrAUlfter and «>olden Gate are. —
Pi-eachiT.s this (Sunday) evening at 7:30 o'clock
by the pa-tor. Uldcr J. O. Corliss; subject,
•'The Second Chnt'ter <»f Daniel."
REORGANIZED Churvh of Je*ue Christ. 320
Pest st.— rrr_chlnx -t 31 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
This church claims divine origin by angelic
adminlstnulon. the restoration of the ever-
laftlng gospel as proclaimed in Rev., 14: 6. 7,
to prepare a pnople for the coming of Jesus
Christ when He comes in flaming fire, taking
vengeance on them that know not God and
otwy not the Oo«_wl^
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block. 2-3 Sutt*r St.. bet. Kearny and Grant
aye— Christian BdeBCC Bible lesson at 11
a. m. : subject. '-Matter." Sunday school for
children al the same hour. Wednesday even-
ing meeting — t 8 o'clnck. All welcome.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
ets.— Mas* m^tlne for men only to-day at 3
o'clock; address by Rev. John C-rrtngton. re-
rrnt!y trorji .^lata. Young men in general ln-
viteJ.
THE First Divine Science Church. M. E. Cra-
rrer, _.aetor — Discourse at 11 8_ m. ; subject,
"Tnie Liberality." Services every Sunday at
Home Colleee. 5360 Seventeenth «.. bet, Mis-
sion an.l Valencia.
CHURCH of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
—Services 9^» Market et.. 11 a. m.. 7:45 p. m.
Eveninc sermon. Elder Harry J>. Halnes on
"Re\ - elation."
THE Th«oi-orhiral Society— Public lecture to-
night in Odd Fellows' building nt S; "Theo-
erphy In P.ellgicnp." by Miss Edith Houston
of Chicago. Golden Chain 11 a. m.
M*-ETI.\GS SLWDAT.
A BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated lecture on the
"_y";eri*-s of Life," how to prevent and cure
distasps and weaknesses of trn» human body
and mind, that have long baffled the skill of
the most eminent doctors: how to enjoy all
«if life to a ri:>e old age; als» man relous psy-
chic demonstrations by the world-famous
ORIENTAL SEEK, in magnificent Jeweled
Oriental costume, at Ruby Hall. Ite.l Men's
building. 3?) Post ft., to-nicht, at S; seats
free: consultations during: the week at the
main offlces of the Oriental Medical Syndi-
cate, NW. corner <irant ave-. and Geary et.
FWAMI VIVEKANANDA. the Hindu philo-
soj.her. will cr^ak at <;olo>n Gate Hall. 623
Sutter Ft., at 11 a. m. : Fubject. "Christ's Mes-
fajc to ibe World"; admission free. The
SwHtni will tlve a course of lectures on
•'Applied l»Fy«'ho!opy" -t Washington Hall,
?,2<< Post St., Tupsilay, March 13; Thursday,
Mar. h 33, and Friday, March 16. at 8 p. m.
Hintfie lecture, SO cents; course, Jl.
I>n. KERGAVS free lecture this eveninc, 8
«• clock, at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 909
Market St.; subject. "Foody; What to Eat
nnd How to Eat It." followed by magnificent
views ft t— • world's ereat cathedrals: those
attending this lfcture may procure free tick-
ets to the X-ray exhibition _t the Sanitarium.
corner of Market and Mason sts., next Tues-
day evenin-.
FPECIAL— Dr. Case from China will give an
address to Christians in Gospel Hall, SOS? Six-
teenth St., near Valencia, this (Sunday af-
ternoon, at 3 o'clock. He will also preach
the gospel at 7:4'> p. m. Your presence is
cordially requested.
AT DR. RINES' Spiritual Pod«»ty. 903 Market:
11 free: 2-8 p. m.. 10c; Mrs. Seely. Vlgers,
Green: all tests; doctor's efflce. 261 Arlington.
Dr. Rin«>. Mrs. Seeley. Wednesday. 8 p. m. ;
others: _2_o Twenty-second st.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists,' Occi-
<".er.tal Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister—
Sunday, at 7:30 r>- m.. speaker. Mrs. R. S.
I/Wle: subject. "The Life We Now Live."
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS' la-it Sunday after-
noon free lecture. Metropolitan TemDle, 4
o'clock: rubject. "A Modern View of Heaven
fthfl Hell."
KATIE HEUSSMANN returned; sittings dally
II: cymbol test circle Fri. evening. 25c. 28
Grand Bt.. bet. sth and 10th. nr. Howard.
6OITL-CULTCRE meetings. Sunday and Thurs-
day, R p. m., 521 Turk St.; Henry Harrison
Brown; free.
MME. EBERHARDT: spiritual test meetings.
7:30 p. m.. 10c. 5250 22d et.. bet, Valencia and
Mission.
MRS. MARY EVANS' circle to-day. 2 and t p.
m. ; Mon. eve.; 10c: read, dally. We, Jl. 142 «th.
MME- YOUNG. COS McAllister; demonstration
of spirit return to-nlgrht: 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. MEYER. 335 McAllister— Tests to all to-
nlght; clr. Mon.. Tuea.. Wed. eves. 10c; sittings.
MRS. VIGARf test meeting to-nlpht. 10c; sit-
tings, ladies 2T,c. rents 50c. 34S Sixth, rcn. 7.
MRS. WINCHESTER, 1610 Clay— Circle to-
nlgttt, t: Tues.. 2 p. m. ; consultations dally.
C. V. MII-LER'S materializing, ethereallzlng
seance. 8 p. m.; 409 Leavenworth st.; COo.
MRS. MESA FRANCIS^ independent slat*
— Titlng medlinn. 118 Halght st.
MEETINGS I'nlveriil Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society In America, 81S Mar-
ket st.— Lecture to-night, "Karma and For-
giveness." by Dr. Jerome A. Anderson; In-
ternational Brotherhood League Tuesday
night: subject, "Penal Reformation."
MEETING NOTICES.
HERMANN Lodge No. VH. F\ ~and ""a_ •
M.— Called meeting on SUNDAY. Jk
March 11. 1900. at 1 o'clock p. m.. at theifjr
Masonic Temple, for the funeral of our /^r*
deceased brother. JULIUS LEVY. By order
of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA LODGE No. 1. iTo! ,-_«m-*.
O. K. - Initiation MONDAY -£-_^R_jS_
EVENING. P. G. M. Fox will
be present, Visitors welcome.
W. TROTTER. N. O.
UNITT Lodge No. 131. I. OOF _j__B__~"
h'ixt'-enth ar-d Valencia •-ts.— lr.l- r^_m
tlation TfKSIiAV EVENING. <n&_B£Ki
March 12. Visitors welcome.
r.EO. P. PItECHTEL. N. O.
g. F. THOMPSON. Rec. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge"7co. __.~I O. O ..-_¦¦.„-.
F.— lnitiation MONDAY, Man h -v_7_J_!__.
12. N. M. PETERSON N <i
WM. WEICHHART. Rec. Sec, <^<m^ s '
CERMANIA Lodce No. US, I. O. ,?!*_-<.
O. F.— The funeral committee, e^/^^Sfe
officei— and members of the nbove %-
loflpe are invitM to attend the * s w««^
funeral of cur late brother, JULIUS LEVY
irom I. O. O. F. Ha SI. cor. Market and Sev-
enth *_>.. EUNDAY. at 12 o'clock March 11
A. WAGNER. N. G '
EMIL NIEMEIER. R. S.
For-lETE Krancalse ue H!enfalsa.nce Mutuelje
(French Mutual Benevolent Society)— The pre-
liminary annual meeting will be held SUN-
DAY. March 11. 1900. at 1:20 o'clock p. m at
Nativf Son- Hall. 414 Mason _t. !
N. B.— Pnly members provided with their
book in good standing will be allowed to offer
any rroposltlon or take part in votes or de-
bate. H. FABRIQUE.
NOTlCE.— lnternational Bricklayers* Union
No. 1 of California meets EVERT MONDAY
In The Temple, 117 Turk et.; hall open every
tiny |jet«-e«n * and 5; all I. U. men Invited;
cl.artf-r open for 20 days; contractors or build-
ers wanting men inquire at hall.
W. l>. PICKENS. President.
WILLIAM KLEIN. NICHOLAS DUGAX,
"WILLIAM J. SHEEDT. I. U. Committee.
COME! Hear Scott Anderson on Socialism; 1:30
p. m. TO-DAY. 9H» Market Ft. ; free.
A WEEK'S news for . cents— The Weekly Call.
1« pages. In wrapper, for znallln*.' $1 Per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
HAVE arrived. "Moody, the Man and HI:
Work;" "Life of Moody." by Northrup; lai
MacLaren's "Light of the World;" "Wai
With Spain." to date, now ready; "Brltinl
and Boer War." ready March 20thj send foi
samples. THE J. DEWING CO., Flood bldg.
&09 Market at.. S. F.
AGENTS can make $10 per day selling our nov.
elty machine; write; on application will eenc
cut end terms. THOS. R. FOOTE CO.. LOl
, Angeles, Cal. ¦
AGENTS— It takes money to make money; dis-
trict agents wanted; a seller of merit and
utility. HERRICK. 1417 Brush St.. Oakland.
WANTED— First-class agents to Introduce
newly patented garden trowel- good wagei
guaranteed. 1006 Webster St.. Oakland.
$150 MONTH and expenses; either sex; «amplei
free. 23-H. Kansas City. Mo.
AGENTS-Contra Costa, Alameda. San Joaquln
and Stanislaus; money in this; investigate.
CLARK. 751 Nineteenth St.. Oakland.
AGENTS— Want managing agent for Fresno.
Tulare, Kern and Kings counties: money in
this. HERRICIC. 1417 Brush St.. Oakland.Cal.
LADY agents^ — If you want the best money
m_kers ret the Hy*e!a Electric Corsets and
skirts; the standard for 20 years. Address
Weetern Corset Co.. St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED — First-class agents to Introduce
newly patented garden trowel: good wages
guaranteed. Particulars at 1006 Webster si.,
Oakland.
AGENTS everywhere to sell Mrs. Webb's Cal.
Complexion soap. Ada. Bell ft Co.. 6 Eddy.
LADlES— Agents; something new.' 60S Geary
st.. San Francleeo.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MASERY of Kgypt. createat astrolo-
rlst and palmist In the world:' satisfaction
r~_ranteej. 4*7 Oolden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a sp-clalty; private:
no fee without euccess; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charye unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MEKZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
turned practice at -02 Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L. S. CLARK. Kmma Spreckeis bldg.. 527 Mar-
Vet rt.: consultation free: no fe»a In advance.
BATH CABINETS— THERMAL.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding; see it before
buying. W. P. BROWN, Coast Agt.. 426 Ellis.
BELGIAN HAKKS.
BELGIAN HARE.
All the hotels are giving contracts for fur-
nishing nelKiau hare meat; you had just as
well furnish It to them; ret your foundation
thoroughbred stock Immediately. KISTLER
BKI>GIAN HARE CO.. 5042 Hoover St.. Los
Angeles. Cal.
LOOKING FOR BELGIANS?
Hlirh-bred. fancy creatures from prize win-
ners in England and America: heavy-weights
and fancy pedicreed stock. Then correspond
with or visit PITTOCK'S BEI.GIAN HARE
RABBITRY. Elmhurst. Cal. (Sir Britain and
other choice bucks at stud.)
ABOUT fifty fine pedigreed does on hand, $15 to
$25 each: bred to bucks scoring 90: young-
sters from all popular strains. BRITAIN
RABBITRY. Watsonvllle, Cal.; booklet free.
ROPEMONT Rabbltry. ** Maple court, off 14th,
above Guerrero— Pedigreed Los Angeles stock.
CHOICE Belgian hares, young and old. 2029
San Antonio aye.. Alameda.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED by lady, room and board In private
family; Western Addition preferred. Box
4444, Call.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
TRAINED nurse will board infants and chil-
dren; Jersey cow kept. 3516 Nineteenth st.
WANTED— SmaII child to board; best of care;
good home. 3CB Fell M.
GOOD home for 2 children over 2 years old.
2178 Perry st.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
ECHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holme* Book Co.. TM Mlsclnn *t.. near Third.
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.)
REGULAR $1 50 boys' shoes, all sizes..:... 93 cts
Repular Jl 25 ladles' oxford ties 85 cts
Children's kid, lace or button, sizes 8 to 11.73 c
People's Shoe Store. 1303 Stktn, nr. B'dway.
600 PAIRS drummers' sample shoes at manu-
facturer's cost. J. Kohlbecher. 143 Fourth st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A GREAT sacrifice; corner grocery; death
cause sale. COWING & CO.. 71S Market St.
A CORNER saloon on Market; best in city;
must go. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A FINE candy, delicacy and bakery; $20 dally;
sickness. COWING & CO., 719 Market Bt.
CORNER grocery; best in city; great sacrifice.
COWING & CO., 719 Market at.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal, U»4 California it., room L
$400— SALOON with 3 living rooms; fine trade.
Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal. £.3jH Cali-
fornia St.. room I.
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. S29H California St.. room 1.
$760— SALOON for eale. on O'Farrell St.; cen-
tral corner; lease. Particulars from J. E.
SLINKEY & CO., 877 Market, entrance 1 Eth.
$650— LODGING-HOUPE of lv rooms, on Ellis
St.; all occupied; a bargain. Apply to J. E.
SLINKEY _ CO.. 877 Market, entrance 1 sth.
FINE grocery and bar; stock worth money
asked; big cash trade; 4V4 years' lease. Pacific
States Realty Co.. SSS Market St.. room 320.
A— PARTNER with $2500 in established import-
iner business; will clear at least $6000 yearly.
Pacific States Kealty, i&5 Market St., room 320.
KREDO fc CO 22K Geary Et.
$50 to $'.0,000; legitimate business chances of
all kinds; call and investigate before you
drop your money in fake propositions else-
where. KREDO _ CO.. 22% Geary St.
I AM on>rlne for sale a drug store located in
the very heart of the most densely populated
district west of Chicago, doing a strictly cash
business, enjoying- a. satisfactory sale on 44
proprietary preparations manufactured on the
premises, and clearing from $250 to $200 per
month; the curious and agents need not ap-
ply; Price $4500. Box 4«4, Call.
W ANTED— Partner in a business established 24
years in Oakland; pays from $400 to $500 per
month; $7500 capital required, which will be
fully secured by good real estate; no chance
of loss; must be a business man, competent to
keep books and collect bills. Call on EDWIN
W. WOODWARD _ CO., 11 Montgomery st.
Ean Francisco.
PRESIDENT and director wanted: one experi-
enced in banking, building and loan or life
insurance preferred: Invest $5000 in well es-
tablished corporation. Address Secretary,
box 9599. Call office. _^
__ ¦
40 ROOMS, furnished, central; income $150 per
month; will sacrifice on account of leaving the
State; rare chance for any one who means busi-
ness. E. E. BUNCE. 90S- Broadway, Oakland.
DRESSMAKING business; handling the best of
first-class trade In Oakland; location very de-
sirable; parties leaving on account of health.
Address box 2724, Call office. Oakland.
I WILL give a large Interest In my mine for
ten thousand dollars; to be used In putting up
a mill: thousands of tons of high-grade ore
In eight; a million-dollar property. JAMES
LA FAROE, box »12. Call office.
PROMOTER: ~~
Good backing; will finance or organize re-
liable railway, mining or Industrial enter-
prises; charters furnished. Address confi-
dentially box 1293. Call office.
CANDY store, first-class, in an up-to-date
town, all machinery necessary for making
candy and Ice cream; cause for selllnr. 111-
health; pric» $2000. Address box -U49. Call.
INVESTIGATE clan of speculation by which
you can make at least ten oolnts profit
monthly. WALL _ CO., 40 Exchange place.
New York.
BUTCHER shop and meat store for sale; or
will sell half Interest. Call early, SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO., room 2 917 Market et. (opp.
Mason).
STOCK of drygoods and groceries at half its
value; going to Nome; only $33). BRIDGES,
f27 Market St.. room 316.
$1100— RKSTAURANT: good location; receipts
guaranteed JSS per day; rent $40. D. McRAE,
743 Mission st.
TO lease — El Campo restaurnnt; season 1900;
terms reasonable to competent party. Apply
J. E. HAYDEN. Tlburon ferry fruit stand.
MARKET; snap: business $30 day; sell by
Tuesday; sickness; investigate. Sunset
Realty Invest. Co.. 213 Examiner bldg. '
FOR rent or sale— Saloon: llvlnc rooms: no
nicht or Sunday trade; fine location. DICK-
INS. Fourth and Berry ets.
HO*— SELECT rooming house; 9 rooms, all full;
elegantly and newly furnished; investigate.
427 Golden Gate aye.
SHOEMAKER'S shop and 3 living rooms; 4102
l»th et. ; nice place. Key at drug • store,
Castro and 19th sts. -.
PARTNER to extend profitable business; capi-
tal required; phenomenal success; references.
Box 4470. Call. .
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
s REAL estate, city or country, in any State
1 In the Union, sold and exchanged on commls-
r elon; associate offices In New York and Chi-
3 cago; sterling business propositions of all
r kinds. SUNSET REALTY INVESTMENT
CO., 213 Examiner building.
- JSOO— SHOESTORE and repair shop; sickness
cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777}.
1 Market st.
ON account of illness, will sell half Interest in
Oakland OH Company (320 acres) for $100. Box
- 4447. Call. • . . ;.'y.-, /
FOR sale at onee — Saloon: central location:
'. cheap: no agent. Address V. KRAUS. 17
» Rltch et. ¦
WELL established business for good dress-
maker; no money required. Box 1294, Call.
1 A SALOON for sale cheap; located In the
Potrero. Apply on premises, 1543 Kentucky.
1 WANTED— Active partner with $100; light busi-
ness; good living. Apply box 4468, Call office.
PARTY with $100 to $300 can make $4000 in ten
1 days; Interviews only. Box 4446, Call.
COMPLETE restaurant to let; half a block
', from car house. 1909 McAllister st. ->.'.:
' TO purchase for cash, half interest in estab-
1 llshed cigar stand. Box 4445, Call.
' WORKING partner: opportunity seldom of-
¦ fered. Room 35. 1926 Market St.
I PARTNER In legitimate business; small capi-
tal; make good wages. Apply 79 Third st.
FOU cale— One of the best-known restaurants
In Sun Francisco; doing a business of over
$ICO per nay: owner desirous of leaving ihj
c'ty. Foi further particulars address L. 8.,
box 4252. Call office.
FOR SALE— Good paying dairy and delicacy
store; small milk route; good location; cash
trade; great bargain; departure. Address box
4281, Call. .-. '
NEW bakery or laundry; S-can milk wagon; 2-
seated spring wagon; 3 grocery or delivery
wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
• OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
shoeing business: 13 years present location;
cheap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
• BRANCH bakery and lunch room, with or
without furniture; cheap: good business;
leaving city. Box 3>78, Call office.
BAKERY for sale; very cheap; receipts from
$20 to 82s per day; excellent location; other
business cause of sale. 721 Polk St.
A SALOON for sale in good location. Apply OK
! premises, 1608 Valencia st.
$100— FRUIT store; established; must be sold by
the l.'.th. Box 4439. Call. •
$100— GOOD paying business if sold this week;
; rent $15; store and living room. 1005 Larkin.
SALOON, with property, stock and fixtures for
sale; opposite depot, warehouses and lumber
yard In Paso Robles, Cal. Address JOHN
. G. ENGEL.
1 $500 TAKES half Interest In livery stable. Ad-
' dross box 4116. Call.
1 COMPANY promotion Is our specialty; we at-
tend to everything- complete; charters fur-
nlshed. P.5.M.&1.C0.. 220 California St., r. 6-7.
PARTNER In printing business; a rood mv;
i experience not necessary. 344 McAllister St.*
: FINE store, suitable for any business; 126
O'Farrell. near Powell. Apply 15 Orant aye.
$7&— BRANCH bakery and candy store, with
living rooms. 43S Third at.
ROUTE of 844 papers on this paper for kale.
Box 6. Oakland Postofflce.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap: every-
thing In first-class order. Address box 3351,
Call orflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.. 412 Sacramento st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
IB pares. In wrapper, for malllnsr. $1 per year.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.'
WANTED— First-class hack; would take team
and harness If good; must be a snap. Apply
G. M. BUTTERWORTH, Grand Hotel, before
6 p. m. Monday.
NEW & !d-hand wagons, buirfrles, carts & har-
ness, wk Ik driving horsen. l.'th nnd Valencia.
f™~"~~"~™~**~~^~~~~***~^"~'~"~"~*~~~~~"~~"
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 553-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mcr. 28-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McwUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4E.3 Stevenson st.: tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cl»anlnr. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
ADVA*NCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter-st,;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works. $33 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATT_NT10N!~.~.. . ...... V.1~. ...... REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
Tbe World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From tbe Cradle
to tbe Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Si<* Especially
Her -assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all rkin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of th. whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always successful and satisfactory,* and all
correspondence Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
Offices removed to her residence, 1011
Seventh aye.. East Oakland. Cal. ¦
N. B.— Take's. F. broad gauge ferry and
get off at Clinton Station, 2d station from
Broadway. _^
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. GORDON, psychometrlst, 12 years' ex-
perience.; readings and advice, from 1 to 9 p.
m. daily; Sundays and Wednesdays excepted;
terms, ladles 50c. eentlemen $1. 11SH' Fulton.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
forunte teller; gives best advice In difficult
mMters. Removed to 19 Fulton St.. nr. Larkin.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader and palmist; all
you seek to know answered without questions;
readings this week 25c and f.Oc. 942 Mission.
JANAUKE KENDRICK. palmist, card reader,
clairvoyant: past, present and future; 25c
and 60c. 118 Sixth st. ,
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting $1. 1104 Market
MRS. EBERHARDT, spiritual test meeting. 7:30
p. m., 10c. 3250 22.1, bet. Mission and Valencia.
MME. ZERKDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life reader; readings JSc.
MME. VERLEIN. 627V4 Post St.. reads your fu-
ture life; ladles and gents.
CONSULT the lucky medium, 349H Minna St..
near Fifth. '¦
MME. MARQUISE, medium, has removed to I
Hyde sL, readings and treatments dally.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer,
3"0 Ellis st.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
FUTURE told by cards; aatisf action guaran-
teed; 25c. 1425 Mission st.
ARNOLD. Dlckson. give everybody tests to-
nlght; 10c; sittings. 25c. 6oc. 148 Sixth, room 1.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Mkt., bet. 10th _ 11th;
dr. Tues. 8 p. m.,Thur. 2 p. m., 25c; sit. dally.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212H Sixth st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c 944 Howard
St.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. ELLISr-Tests to all; circle Tues.. Frt.. 2
p. m.; Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth rt.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future bus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no^hargiTun-
less successful. Room 310. 9?7 Market at. '¦¦
COTTAGES TO. LET.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath, 1445 Leavenworth
st., near Jackson. $27 50; cottage, 5 rooms and
bath, 1471 Fulton Bt., near Baker $22 50
BURNHAM _ MARSH CO.. 20 Montgomery!
SUNNY cottage; 4 rooms, " with yard and cel-
lar; chlckenhouso. Apply 23 Boyce 8t.,. 0ff
Point Lobos aye. : Geary-st. cars. ¦¦;:
117— NEWLY renovated cottage; 6 rooms, bath-
water free; cellar. 1705 Ellis St.. nr., Stelner.
$6.SS— COTTAGE 5 rooms; water free; among
the grass. Apply 64 Silver st.. off Third..
6-ROOM octtage: 23V4 - Morris aye.. bet. Harrl-
«on and Bryant, nr. 6th: key next door. Na.tt
;- - ¦ ; DOG HOSPITAL. ~~
P?__5 UZARD ' B Vot Hospital. Post. Flllmor---
Adrice and medicine 75c; cit* visit* 11 60; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. T«L West 631
__~TISTS. _.__
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st., over Cafe Ztnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas 1 or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold flUl"*" 9
from Jl up; other fillings from 60a; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenlncs and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5 a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 10
years: fillings, 60c; crowns. IS 60 ; air work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Far-
lors, 24 Sixth st. ;
AT th* ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 109 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
. have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without . plates our specialty; gold crowns,
IS 60 up; plates, extractions free; $4 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, § to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, ,l4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5: gold crowns, $3: new
methods In, bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up:
silver. tOe; painless extraction. 50c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, oor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM. HILL. 1443 Market at., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 750, with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
11. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy St.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crownn. $3; fillings. 26c.
GUARANTEED dentistry; $1 week; we refer to
«000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors. 43 Sixth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. .1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. »41 Polk Bt.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850_Mari___.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LADIES, now Is the time to do your Easter
ee wing; we teach the art of sewing from the
Infant's robe to the tailor-made gown: can
. bring any class of work you wish: $1 a week;
patterns cut to order; evening classes. S. F.
Dresscuttlng School, 305 Van Ness ay.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
b. F. Dressmaking Ladles' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 887 Geary »t.; dresses
made. $S up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng.plnkln*. 121 Post, over O'Connor A Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. 8. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech.,
survey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day and eve.:
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933
Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech.,
survey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day and eve.;
est. 1E64. Van der Nalllcn School. 333 Market.
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLKQE. 1236 Market St.
TO "Morning Call Home Study" readers—
Classes forming: French conversation. Suan-
ifh. $2 per ma 630 G. G. aye., r. 6, 6; hrs. 2-8.
VIOLIN, zither, guitar, banjo, mandolin In-
struction; reasonable. W. P. CHAMBERS.
204 Sutter st.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission; violin.gultar.
AYRKS" Business College. 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
ESPINA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, urammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms:
thorough Instruction. Studio, 403 Geary, r. 47.
CLASSES In German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall:
languages. Miss M. O. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
EMPLOYSIENT OFFICES. ~
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell., bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4«34.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office: established over five years.
421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
office; best help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas. Aramorl. 806H Stockton; tel. John 2121.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 414H O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED- — FEMAL— .
A— 2 FIRST-CLASS French second girls desire
situations; best of ref. MISS CULLEN*, 325
Sutter st.
A— FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation;
good seamstress; best of ref s. ; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
ATTENDANT— Competent nurse desires en-
gagement to attend Invalid gentleman; high-
est references. Address box 4489, Call office.
DRESSMAKER of experience In ladles' suits.
In all the late designs, will accept en-
gagments in families: $1 25 per day; refer-
ence^^
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do house-
work; good cook: $12 to $15 per month; city
or country. 217 Eddy st. ¦
SITUATION wanted by a young lady as cook
or steward to go to Cape Nome. 841 A How-
ard st.
YOUNG woman wishes a position: best of
references; wages $2S. Box 4454. Call office.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes a posi-
tion; has a boy 4 years old: city or country;
wages $15 to $20. Box 4454. Call office.
By an American lady, situation as housekeeper
In or near the city. Box 4456, Call office.
YOUNG SWEDISH girl wishes a poeltlon to
do general housework: cook In small family;
wages $20. 1023 Vermont at.
DRESSMAKER— cut and fit— will go out by
the day or take work home; price to suit the
times. Address box 4457, Call office.
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent: perfect
fitting; designing and trimming; costumes re-
modeled; latest styles; $1 25 per day. Ad-
dress J. P., box 4461. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants any kind of
work by the day; first-class laundress. 7 Van
Ness aye.. Ladles' Union.
INVALID'S nurse, experience, kind and pa-
tlent. desires position. 465 McAllister st.
GERMAN woman, first-class cook and carver,
for hotel, chophouse or delicacies; best refer-
ences: city or country. 108 Sixth st. • .
AN experienced dreesmaker and designer wishes
work by the day In families or at home; flt-
tlng perfect: terms reasonable. 1127 Ellis st.
SITUATION wanted— Competent girl wishes
situation as nurse or assist In light house-
work. Call 965 Howard st -
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day or
steady place by the month; good cook; good
references. 608 Taylor st. '• .
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day washing
or house cleaning. Call at 611 Turk at.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like position as
housekeeper for refined widower's family; city
or country. Address box 4467, Call office.
GOOD washer and ironer wants family wash-
Ing to do at her own home. Apply 615 McAl-
lister St., entrance Ash aye. ,
GOOD woman wants work by the day; washing,
ironing, house cleaning; $1 a day.. MRS. BUR-
NEY, 713 Broadway. ¦
COLORED woman wishes day's work or wash-
ing to take home. Address box 4406. Call.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes a position
as housekeeper.- either city : or : country. 860
Clay st.. bet.. 7th and Bth. .Oakland.
COMPETENT housekeeper and •¦¦ seamstress
wishes position In gentleman's family or care
of house and children; - experienced - nurse;
speaks English and German. Box 442?. Call.
WANTED— Engagements to show best bust de-
veloper known: living testimonials to indorse
all I claim; also scalp and hair treatment;
references if desired;- ' Box 4434, Call office.-
REFINED young girl wishes situation as com-
' panion to elderly lady or take full charge of a
- child; best references. -Address box 2722. Call.
Oakland. - - .
WANTED ¦ by Eastern : woman, position as
housekeeper; city or country: good home more
of an object. than wasres. 236 Sutter. rm. 11.
EXPERIENCED ... woman's nurse - would : like
- position ; references given, v Address . box • 23,
¦Call, branch office. 106 Eleventh st. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
. ket: 200 rooms; 25c to SI 60 night; $1 60 to $1
: week ; convenient : and « respectable ; ¦ f re* ' bus
• and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG ' lady from Massachusetts • would like
position as traveling companion to elderly
lady going to Europe, or would take care of
children; best of references. MRS. HATCH.
488 Geary st. ¦
WIDOW, age SO, desires position as working
housekeeper. -Address box 4417. Call office.
GERMAN girl wants position for general
. housework. 836V4 Harrison st. _^_^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 8200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements SJid
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla St.- ¦ ' -¦ ¦ - '
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at _23 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE?"
A " PRACTICA- orchardlst. rlneyardlrt and
general farmer, who baa had years of expe-
rience as superintendent of large ranches, de-
sires position; understands all the details nec-
essary to the business and can give satisfac-
tory references. Addrass box 4411. Call.
COACHMAN and man about place— By ¦mart,
active, respectable, middle-aged man. Ad-
drees Winchester Hotel, room 625. .
WANTED— A Position as engineer or steam
laundry washer; 8 years' experience in both.
Address 681 Mission at.
COACHMAN— Situation wanted; city or coun-
try; thoroughly understands care of horses,
carriages, garden; good driver; thoroughly
competent: city references. Box 4441. Call.
YOUNG man 18 years old in a mercantile of-
fice; fair In figures and good penman, with
knowledse of bookkeeolnc. Address H. M..
box 4442. Call office.
YOUNG man with talent for drawing desires
opportunity to learn. Box 4450. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation as assistant
bookkeeper and stenographer. Box 4463, Call.
COACHMAN, competent man, thoroughly un-
derstands his business In all branches, desires
permanent situation. As to references and
qualifications address C. 8., 1022 Jackson st.
DANISH coachman and gardener wants situa-
tion: thoroughly experienced and steady: has
good city references. Box 4459, Call office.
BUTCHER wlshe* steady work: city or coun-
try shop: good references. Address box 4471.
Call office.
CARPENTER, cabinet-maker, first-class me-
chanic, wants a steady situation: city or
country. Address 553^6 Natoma st.
HONEST and capable young German wants
situation as porter In wholesale house or ho-
tel.' Address box 2723. Call office. Oakland.
ENGINEER and machinist of long experience,
up to date, good references, will work for ren-
' sonable compensation. L. D. M.. 1E63 Broad-
way, Oakland.
CHEF or steward desires position; hotel or res-
taurant; first-class city references. Box 4i\
Call branch office. 615 Larkin st.
RESPONSIBLE married man would like posi-
tion of trust: carpenter and cabinetmaker by
trade: understands care of horses and poul-
try; can furnish best of reference, or will pay
mon«y for security of Job: lately from East.
Pennsylvania. Box 4429, Call.
COACHMAN— Thoroughly trained; first-class
horseman: neat and competent driver; thor-
oughly competent on rigs and harness; a
young man: best of city references. C. C,
box 4436. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man. 28 years of
age, as nicht watchman or any kind of work;
night work preferred. Address A. N., 1313
Hampshire st.
RELIABLE, sober and faithful man wants a
position as valet. Apply &5 Sanchez St., near
Fourteenth.
POSITION wanted by mlddfe-aged bar man;
speaks English and German; single; country
only: good references. Box 4432, Call.
SITUATION wanted by smart active English-
American: experienced In handling horses.
Address box 4433. Call office.
YOUNG man who understands general outside
and Inside work desires employment. Address
8., box 4424. Call office. ¦
MIDDLE-AGED man would like a situation as
foreman or timekeeper over men or ttf«m l » or
to drive and exercise horses; no objection to
country. United States Hotel, room 91, 123
Eddy st.
CARPENTER, young married man, wishes a
steady position as handy man; reasonable
wages; best of references if required. Ad-
dress box 3992. Call office.
ALL around first-clans cook; wide experience;
good reputation; sober and economical; wishes
situation. GEORGE STULL. 106 Eddy, r. 44.
AN experienced baker wants a position as fore-
man on bread and cake. Box 4423, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. - v '
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
EXCHANGE.
NINE good city lots, vacant, and land near
Bakersfleld, surrounded by oil developments.
In exchange for ranch or country home near
city. Owner, box 4448. Call.
TRANSIT, engineers, complete, will exchange
for light solar transit. F. A., box 3910. Call.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071V4 Market st. : examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phone, Mint 2X7.
FINANCIAL. ~~~~
CAPITAL furnished on first-class mining pro-
position. F. H. MORSE, 150 Nassau St.. N.Y.
FLATS TO LET. ;
BEATUIFUL new 5-room sunny flat; porcelain
tub. 6 Chelsea place, off Bush, bet. Stockton
and Powell.
CHESTNUT. 733, above Tayloi- — 6 rooms and
bath; large yard; fine marine view.
ELEGANT sunny flat; 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wil-
low aye.
FELL, 490— Sunny modern flat, 5 rooms, bath;
larsre basement; rent reasonable.
FEW steps from City Hall— Fine flat; 5 rooms;
lure yard and cellar. 6 Grove st.
FLAT newly furnished for rent: furniture for
pale; $95. S Fetla. place, bet Pine and Bush
sts.. off Powell.
FLAT, 6 rooms and bath: 2 sunny bedrooms
and yard. 1623 Golden Gate aye.
FLAT of 5 rooms; modern; bath; rent $13. 911
Filbert st. : . ' , -
FLAT— 6 larlge rooms and bath; cheap. It
Pearl st.. bet Valencia and Guerrero.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN - HOW ELL. 10 Montgomery.
MISSION. 1511- and 1513 near Eleventh— 6 and 6
large sunny rooms; bath; laundry; rent $18
and $22.
MODERN 4-room flat. 125 Ash aye.. between
Polk, Van Ness, McAllister and Fulton.
MODERN flat, 4 rooms, bath and basement;
nice location. 1805 Eddy st.. near Scott.
MODERN sunny flat, 6 rooms; porcelain bath;
$16; water free. 1909 McAllister st.
NINETEENTH. 3980. near Noe— Lovely sunny
lower R-room flat, with room on. porch; $18;
water free. - •
NW. COR. Sutter and Scott: finest flat In city
for the price; please Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glased porch.
¦ TO LET— $l7; 7 rooms; modern Improvements:
sunny corner. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON &
CO.. 1706 Market st.
$10— NICE flat, 3 rooms and bath, in good con-
dition; 2219 Polk st, nr. Pacific. $18— Hand-
| some upper flat.. 6 rooms and bath; 1376 Union
St.. near Polk.
416 AUSTIN aye., near Gough: a modern sunny
flat of 5 rooms and bath; rent $15. • I
6 SUNNY rooms, $14; also cottage. : 4 rooms.
near Mall dock. ¦ Key at 623 Second st,
FLATS TO LET—FURNISHED.
FOR 6 months: comfortably furnished modern
flat: choice location; rent $65, piano included.
Call between 10 and 4: no - young : children;
references required. 1523 Sacramento . St.
$20— FURNISHED flat; 6 svnny rooms and bath;
warm belt Mission. Box 4435, Call. '
FLAT of 6 rooms, nicely furnished; rent rea-
, sonable. 35 Turk st.,. near Taylor.
TO rtnt— Furnished flat. 6 rooms: modern con-
veniences. '¦: 305 Broderick st.. near panhandle.
BIRCH AYE., 6— 4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished.
;..: V.v ¦ FLATS -.'WANTED. ¦
WANTED— Sunny flat of;5 : to 7 rooms by the
year: Van Ness' to Market. Address MRS.
WEBBER, 1C35 Polk st.
5' SUNNY rms.." bath: ; modern ' Improvements-
- family 3: no children. --¦ Box 4419. Call. - *¦.-¦. -----
FURNITURE WANTED. ,
CHAS.- LEVY .buys s your furniture, carpets
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761. ;
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission , st. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; teL Red 3353.
FCRKITVR-I FOR gALB .
MARKET. .1725— Cottage of 4 rooms; furniture
for sale; complete for housekeeping: Inquire
Saturday and Sunday: can buy at your own
. price on account of departure. .
FOR sale— Furniture of 3 housekeeping rooms:
bargain: nicely furnished; rent whole house
'. if deslrtd. 309 Hyde, from 10 a. m. to 3 jf. m.
ELEGANT furniture of '7 -rooms; separate
•pieces or as a whole. 1235 Golden Gate aye.
FURNITURE -of 4 rooms • for sale. Apply at
1051 Union st. _____
FURNITURE for sale; 16 rooms; a bargain.
Call Sunday. at 218 Fulton St.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak lor $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. '.127-1131 Market.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C B. HANSEN A CO.... PHONE GRANT 183
..„.."*.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses for Woodland. Fresno. Lathrop.
Gait, Hanford and city. $20 and $25; 4 restau-
rant waitresses, $6; 2 lunch and dinner wait-
resses, $5; 3 chambermaids to wait. $20; t
chambermaids, $15; 2 fancy ironers, Coronado
Beach, see party here, $30; 2 women cooks,
$25 and $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Second girl and assist with children. $20:
colored second girl. $20; woman to cook for 3
men, $20; cooks. Alameda. San Rafael, city.
$25; cook. Santa Clara, $20; cook, mining town.
820; housegirl. Mill Valley, $20. C. R. HAN-
6EN tc CO.. 104 Qeary s{.
A HOTEL housekeeper; one who has been
housekeeper In a large, first-class hotel for
years; wages, $40 to $50. Apply to C. R.
HANSEN in person. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN, cook for Cape Nome; see party here.
C. R. HANSEN -t CO.. 104 Geary st,
A— 2 COOKS, $35 and $30; housework, San Ra-
fael. $25; Oakland. $25; Alameda, $25; Berke-
ley. $25: mother and daughter, cook and sec-
ond girl, $25, country; cook, Menlo Park. $30;
4 second girls, city and country, $23 and >£);
chambermaid and seamstress, $25: 2 boarding-
house cooks, $35 and $30; 10 hotel waitresses,
$20; 4 chambermaids to wait, 1 meal, $20; 2
restaurant waitresses. $6 and $7 each; 10 young
girls, light housework, $12 and $15, city and
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— GirIs for general housework, Ala-
meda, 125; Oakland, $25; Los Gatos. $25: Beive-
dere, $25; Santa Rosa, $2S: Petaluma, $25; Sau-
sallto, $20; Mill Valley, $20; San Rafael 525;
Stockton, $25; 4 boarding-house cooks, ?_->, }30;
institution cook. . $23; Protestant . Institution
cook, $33; 4 cooks. German style. $25, ,<3O; 5
second girls; $15, $20: restaurant waitresses. 55
and $6 a week; hotel waitress, short distance.
$20; pastry cook. $6 a week. J. F. CROfIETX
— CO., 316 Sutter at,
______
FIRST-CLASS SALESMEN.
GENTLEMEN AND LADIES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO..
146 Ninth st.. 621 Montgomery aye..
S6l Market St.. 355 Hayes st..
210 and 212 Grant aye., 218 Third St.. •
705 Larkin St.. 2008 Flllmore st.
ISI9 Devlsadero •_? 3006 Sixteenth St..
475 Hal.ht St.. 2516 Mission St..
140 Sixth st.. 3285 Mission St..
1«19 Polk St.. 2732 Twenty-fourth St.
WANTED— Salesladies. Apply GREAT AMER-
ICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.. 210-2_ Grant
aye., bet. Butter and Post sta. ~
WANTED— An experienced saleswoman for lace
and embroidery dep't for Sacramento. Apply
to WEINSTOCK. LUBIN _ CO.. to-day fSun-
day), from 10 a. m. to 2 p. m., 523 Market St.,
room 7.
LADIES — Work for us and obtain for 250 the
best $8 Russian or Turkish bath cabinet ever
Invented; full Information, with booklet on
health, free. Address KELLOGG SANITAS
CO., 24 Main St.. Battle Creek. Mich.
WANTED— Working girl. German preferred,
under 25 years of age. to help in store and
small factory: clean work; short hours; small
wages to begin with: state references. Ad-
dress box 44C9. Call office.
REFINED young girl for second work and to
take care of child 6 years old. Apply Mon-
day morning between 10 and 12; 2203
Buchanan st.; references.
IN Alameda — Competent nurse or mother's help;
youngest child nearly 2 years old; references
required; salary $25. Address Box 4440, Call.
A FEW hundred more sewing machine operat-
ors will find work in Levl Strauss _ Co.'s fac-
tory. S2H Fremont st. MR. DAVIS, foreman.
GIRL of 15, appreciative of a good home, to
render llzht services; $5 per month. 3208
Twenty-fifth st. , : ¦
GIKI. for light housework; plain cooking; 2 in
waxes $12. 426 Frederick st.
WANTED— Neat girl or elderly woman for
light housework. 833 Castro st.; call to-day.
WANTED— GirI to learn finishing pants. 449
Natoma st.
APPRENTICES on custom-made vests.* SO9
Kearny st.. room 2.
WANTED— Woman desirous of traveling In a
business capacity. Box 4465, Call.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking-
wages $20. 1626 Vallejo st.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk shirtwaists.
HOFFMAN & STEINHART. 412 Market st,
GIRL for general housework: family three
adults: two children, age 5 and 2. Call Mon-
day morning, 1533 Ellis st.
WANTED— Finisher on custom coats at 20OJ,
Turk St., near Jones.
GIRL In dental office. Address box 4453, Call
office.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on pants. 139 Montgom-
ery st. ;
GIRL to assist with dressmaking: also girl to
work on vests. Call 426 Sutter st.. basement.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
801 Hayes st.
EXPERIENCED operator on buttonhole ma-
chine; good wages. 723 Market st.*, room 35.
GERMAN young housekeeper, Protestant. Ap-
ply to-day, 713 Hi Treat aye.. bet. Twentieth
and Twenty-first, Folsom and Harrison.
WANTED— A good hairdresser. 1036 Market et.
2 TAILORESSES wanted; steady work. Call
Monday at 2132 Mission St., near Eighteenth.
GOOD girl 15 to 17 years old to assist In house-
work and 2 children. Call at 1880 Mission St..
.12 lv 2 p. m.
YOUNO girl for light housework; $10 per
month. 322 Ellis st.. 10 to 12.
TAILORESSES wanted to work on custom
pants. 803 Montgomery st., 3d floor, room 6.
DRESSMAKER— HeIp and apprentice, wanted.
1207H Bush st.
WANTED— Lady under 30 who has been on the
stage. - Box- 4413. -Call office.
GIRLS WANTED. _ . ._V_i:
To work on shirts; beginners taught, LEV!
STRAUSS * CO.. 36ft Fremont st. ; elevator.
PATTERNS! PATTERNS! PATTERNBi
AH late patterns cut to order; sewing room
opened to all during March; come in and make
your dress under a competent dressmaker; r«-
member, our system was selected above nil oth-
ers to represent the U. S. at Parts Exposition;
easy payments; simple and accurate. 11:D3W.
ELL, 103 Post st. ' ¦ - ' .
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
< STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Ooucb
and Grove sta. .
OPERATORS lon gents' white shirts; steady
employment. ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia.
NEAT young girl; care of child and assist In
housework; JS to $10. 944 Geary st.
YOUNG girl' to assist In light housework. 11
- Erie St., near Mission.
WANTED— A first-class ! saleswoman for lace
department for Sacramento. -Apply 523 Mar-
. ket st.. room 7. from 2 to 3 o. m.
GIRL for downstairs < work ;. must be a good
cook: wages $25. 1180 O'Farrell st, . ;
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurse <rlrl for boy 3 years old; must do sew-
: ing. 997 Golden Gate. aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore.
A BRANCH . office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open till 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED — MALE. ~~
Surra y& read. .... . . . \pho7je~ma7n~h4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
.- WWArTN r T MONDAY. 7A. M?.
6 mlners.also 6 drillers.'. ; $75 and'-O)
If laborers, city Jobs $60 and found
236 woodchoppers and tlemakers, $2 50 $2 $1 7_
$1. 75c cord. 10c. 11c.12c and 13c each
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st."
FARMER and wife. Monterey C 0..540 and found
Farmer and wife, 50c fare ¦ »«u~i
MURRAY - READY. 634 and 636 Clay st,
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS
C00k5............ $30, $40. $33. $30, $23 andfound
12 waiters...... $35. $32. $30 $25.' $20 and found
6 dishwashers; 1 porter; 2 ironers; 2 washers-
6 boys for stores and butchers' wagons- milk
wagon drivers: 4 bakers; bushelmen; coat and
: pants young man for delicacy store.
$40 and found. -•¦-•.--.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARMS .. DAIRIES ..CHORES .. STABLES
f 47 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dlf-
I?« JS.U _£? a " d £ U^ t ' r m »kers....*3o. $25 and fd
7 stablemen, city and country..."
i-""ii>tV_'_*;^"-_ ; '_'wVSi U0 and J 25 and" found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH for ranch.... ...... $30 and found
™?4?;?l l i ke r for »-><*:...; S2« and found
MURRAY & READY. (34 and 638 Clay st.
HELP WASTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S....lcT'^ a^~_7
Wanted Monday morning at 7ji> _.„.
blankets, ready to start, JO teatss'teJ- . 5
laborers for the Coast Railroad in =.
Barbara Co.. $1 75 to $2 a day; fn," s f a " ta
brins your blankets ready to go on train
20 laborers for sawmills and woods j}« . _
found, fares paid; engineer. $2 a day- j Jt,
carpenters. $3 a day; 2 ship Joiners. $3 a lai'
cabinet-makers. $2 a day; 2 drillers, country
$60; 6 coopers, country: 20 woodchopnerV
redwood. 75c » cord: « teamsters for »^
orchard. $26 and board; 3 farmers for fruit
ranch. Jl a day and board; Danish farmer-
10 tlemakers. 13c a tie; 4 farmers, $io- i
milkers. $30 and J25; young man to drlva de-
livery wagon. $_
First-class barkeeper, country hotel, $*j
and found; all-round laundryman, country
110; lroner and stareher and run Xo. 9 Troy'
$40; dishwashers and kitchenhands. $20. t_
and $30. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessia 152.
GOVERNMENT positions— Where they are, ho-
obtalned. salaries paid: particulars free; writ*
for circular 115. NATIONAL CORRESPOND-
ENCE INSTITUTE. Washington, D. C
CARPENTERS WANTED to STAY swaj
from San Francisco, as there are many Idle
men here, notwithstanding advertisements tc
the contrary. DISTRICT COUNCIL OF CAR-
PENTERS^
SHOEMAKER wanted. Apply at 203 Second
street.
"WANTED— Salesman for grocery line: eltyi
state experience and references. Box 4_|,
Call office.
WANTED— Check clerk for mailing dept.. d.
g.. notion and shoes; give references and ex-
perience. Box 4413. Call office.
GENERAL tailor for country. Call bet. • and
12 p. m.. 222 Vj Fulton St.
EXPERIENCED driver for milk route. 1409
Devlsadero st.
WANTED— A young experienced waiter to talcs
charge of restaurant at night. 43 Third it.
I WANT 2 good oyster cooks. 128 Third it.,
city, call after 11 o'clock.
WANTED— Man who understands nursery worie
and florist business. Call at 500 Halght st.
BOAT builders, shipwrights and Joln«— .: en-
gineer who understands saw filing, ill Thirl.
BOY with some experience In gents' famish-
ing roods store. 206 East st.
Al BUSHELMAN wanted: apply T~O. 8. N.
WOOD & CO.. 713 Market st.
EXPERIENCED boy about 17 years c«x<» of
reserve stock. MARKS BROS.. 1212 lUrkv_
TO purchase fcr cash— Half Interest In imi-
llshed cigar stand. Box 4445. Call.
APPRENTICE wanted In architect's office; n>
compensation. Room 9. 217 Sansome st
CABINET maker on mantels. 2323 Bryant st.
£00 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, ha.;
price. 662 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sta.
WANTED, in subscription department of a
publishing house, a deliverer and collector
for a library; expenses advanced; state agt
and former employment. Address Publisher,
-P. O. box 1027. Philadelphia. Pa. ¦
WANTED — Experienced young man of good ad-
drees as city salesman for large company;
must have large acquaintance and not afraid
of work; good salary to right party. Addre»«
box 4425. Call Office.
WANTED — Experienced industrial Insurance
man. Call Friday, btt. I and Sp. m. ; lnqutr*
for McKericber, Donohoe building, rooms
17 and 18. <
WANTED— First-class coatmaker and steady
man: good prices. Apply to CHAS. MAC-
KINNON. Merchant Tailor. Orovllle, Cal.
JOB COMPOSITOR— Young man quick at his
work will have steady position. Box 4426. Call
Office.
BARBER wanted: young man. 3 years' ex-
perience: Portuguese preferred. 1456 Seventh
st.. West Oakland.
DISHWASHER wanted. 631 Clay st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: :3a
to EOc. {62 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir fre; only Institution In th»
world teaching the barber and halrdressing
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 633
Clay st. Branches — San Francisco. New York.
St. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis. ,
SEAMEN— Ordinary, green hands, for steaxa
whalers. 701 Battery st.. corner Pacific.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st,; ISO large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GHEEN hands and seamen to go north for th«
summer at HERMAN'S. 2< Steuart st,
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8. T.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
FURNISHED rooms. 75c, $1. $1 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN. Sl4 Fourth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. Attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
WANTED— IOO men to try our -So breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 40S McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free.
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Ete — For Sale
FINE horse for business buggy: stands without
hitching; 8 years old; $40. 4034 Twenty-sixth
*st.; no dealers need apply.
200 HORSES 1000 to 1400 pounds, 30 head 1200 to
1300 pounds, unbroken, at the Canty Ranch.
Gray son. Cal.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
527 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
SO HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market St., bet, Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
FINE horse for business buggy: stands without
hitching: S years old: $40. 4004 Twenty-sixth
St.: no dealers need apply.
FOR sale — Brown mare: 7 years. 13C0 pounds.
Eighteenth and Douglass sta.
FOR sale— Horse, harness and business burgy.
1035 San Bruno aye.
FRESH Jersey cow for sale. 2509>4 California
street.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 O. O. ay.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, near Call bldg!
12 rooms; fine: nenr Emporium; rent $36.. IDJ
6, 9. 12. 14. ». 22. 32 and 100 rms.; 3. of Market.
14 rooms; on Ellis st.: table board; good, too
18 rooms; housekpg; will trade for farm. 425
18 rooms; on Jones st.: central: full 575
25 rms.; on Market; $400 cash. $350 Ipr ct. 7»
37 rooms; new; one floor; rent $2 60: $S5O; will
take part cash and small house in part
payment,
26 rooms; corner; N. of Market; full; bargain.
65 rooms; No. 1 In every way; central... 260)
E.O rooms: fine corner; Income $400 2*>*
84 rooms; clears $300; fine location tw>
9-ROOM hotel; bar; family resort: clears $100
month; $400. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
A— ROOMS 11: rent $35: Price $300
Rooms 10; rent $40: price 450
Rooms 9:- rent $40: price 350
Rooms 11; rent J*<s: price 650
Rooms 37; rent $175; price ISOO
Rooms-40; rent $H0: price 2800
Rooms 12; rent $62 50: price 10W
Rooms 17; rent $43; price K0
Rooms 11: rent $50; price 1000
Rooms 13; rent $60; price 12OT
Rooms 64: rent $323; price 4600
Special— 36 rooms; clears $130; must be sold
Monday: $SOO can remain on mortgage. Sun-
¦ set Realty and Investm't Co.. 213 Exam, bldg.
ROOMING HOUSES
....LODGING HOUSES ;
HOTELS
FLATS AND PRIVATE HOMES
R^A\ro^ I SNY^O T I?SE M - 000
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. IC2O Market St.. cpp. Fifth.
R H WINSTON _ CO.. 1026 Market st.
„ rooms; $4*> cash: Market st. $7M
40 rooms: rent $10»: cood furniture........ 1750
63 rooms: rent $100: money maker 1200
105 rooms; corner: clears $20'): only 1300
LODGING-HOUSE BUYERS. ATTENTION !
Genuine bargains: honest value: money
loaned buyers: no. FAKE prices advertised.
Before buying go to SCHWEINHARD A CO..
room 2. 917 Market st.. opposite Mason.
FOR sale — Furniture of handsomely furnished
14- room lodging house; north of Market st:
3 blocks of theaters: every room full: owner
leaving city; cash only; no agents. Box 4412.
Call office. " ¦ __
FOR sale— A good rooming and boarding house.
14 rooms: 16 boarders; sickness cause of sale:
$_00. Write Boarders, box 27. Call office.
jjEW furniture of 18 rooms; Howard st.. near
Eighth: rooms full: good roomers; other busl-
ness: price $Ssol
NEW furniture of 18-rocrr 1 house: paying well:
- Howard St.. near Eighth; $850. Box 4472. Call.
HOUSE of 10 rooms: well furnished: all rented:
rent $20; ' price $150. 73 Natoma st.
ROOMING house of 24 rooms for sale cheap;
account of * 010. East, 640 Howard at.
__!_. JSAJS iiiAJSCISCO CALL, tfU^JMX, -xAi^ii 11, lt>OO.
28HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for clr-
<ular. O. H. UMBSEN _; CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK -c CO.
2<UO Suiter; 6 r 539;_06 Post: » r $47 6*
T3l Thirteenth; 7 r. V)',t2t ghotwell; » r.. 25 00
FOR rent from Ist of April. The Bun_-.low,
Menlo Tark. residence cf the late Dr. J. H.
Mallard: eletantly furnished, with nil mod-
« v rn convenience; use of curry and buggy.
¦Address box 4441. Call.
JACKSON. 15-B—7 rooms and bath: rent $25;
water extra.
JTPEIE. «7»— House of 6 rooms and bath.
LANGTON. e_. off Howard, near Seventh— Cory
hou^f. 6 rooms and tath; rent only $15. Apply
MADISON & BURKE.
LOCfFT aye.. near Turk and Buchanan— House
h rooms and l.>ath; rent $12.
_lORRIt» sve.. SI. off Harrison rt.. near Sixth—
gunny bouse; h norcs; pood cellar; yard- per-
lect repair; 113; water free. ' *
EOCEQ. 14—6 rooms, bath. gaa. basement- flne
view. Apply 1325 Washington et.. near Jones.
TO let— A pleasant sunny house, 7 rooms. 33St
Twe:.:> -fim Ft., near Guerrero.
l-CTOBt fcoupe. 6 rooms and bath, large base-
ment. $27 SO, at '32 Grove ft.
U5-2. T>E BOOM «.. off Pecond. near Brannan-
. n>orr.f i_nd -t'l-th: all newly papered.
DOrSBS TO LIST — FIRMSHED.
FCRNISHED hou*7~7o~TeT7n~W^_t« : o~^d^
S'?l : _sr_? I __' ? f oo ™* -nd bath; sun all day.
r a n Mnrket st.. fifth floor. *
HOUSES WANTED.
v.'AVTEr-- 12-14. r00m bouse suitable for tk.nl-
Tarium: city; write particulars, ll Sixth «..
¦j; stair*. .
LOST AXO KOL.VIST
I>OST— Mar<-h J. re. KTeyhound: <wrner O" Far-
tell and Larkin: had on black muzzle and col-
lar. Plea*« return DR. DILLON, corner
_ fourth and Harrison sts.: suitable reward.
LXDTfI pure*. n»_r Laguna et. and Golden
Gate aye . containing $3A In rold. Return to
Vm \_n Ness aye. ; reward.
ICPT-Tuesday. March^Ttnlnlt cape; flowered
rtrvi* fHk lining. Reward on return to 2132
• 'FBrrell *t.
T/>eT-Pur-.e: name on pold band: cards, keys;
reonpy inside; reward. 615 Eddy st.
I>RS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladli-^physT-
cian. formerly cf 4CI Van Ness, returned from
Eur«-r«e with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; *afe and reliable cure in one
**y; 15 years' euecessful practice In 8. F. ;
nu>>rpity home; low fee*. 10071, Market et.
VR. G. W. O'DONXELU the world-renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
hctne; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write tr ea.ll at IC23H Market st.
PR. NG TOY KFE. late of Canton, China,
tea an. herb sanitarium, JO4 Sacramento st.,
ctirner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours, 10 a. m. to 12 m. ;
. I to 5 | . m. and 7 to i p. m.
MRi?. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: home
tn confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $.; any ailment; consultation free. »4-
Poat it., between Hyde and Larkin.
VRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
• r.t«-«l treatment at office, to: safe and re-
liatle: consultation free. 1122 Market ft., bet.
_S_*"n and Taylor: hour« t a. m. to 8 p. m.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market; ladies'
pbyslC-aa; chronic dlreares treated; ltte ..ien-
tiflc methods: cure {ruaranteed: treatment, $5.
ÜBS. PR. ALLEN. IC3S Market, ladles' special-
ist; guaranteed treatment at office. $5; safe
and reliable: consultation free; hours 19 to 8.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk M.. the eminent
female specialist; hen-.e or office treatment ti.
SIH?. PR. FT'NKE. 1416 Eighth »t.. Alameda—
Female specialist; home In confinement.
I'R. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1118 Market
»t. ; every case guaranteed; $5 up. •
I>R. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in confinement. 1212 Golden Gate aye.
CHFAPHST and best in America— The Weekly |
C_:i. 16 paxes, sest to any address tn the '
L*n!te_ Ststes or Canada one year for 11, I
poatac* raid. j
MEDICATED BATHS.
I>R. ro.N'ANTS Compound Vapor Bath— Purl- '¦
fles the blood; deFtrcys disrate K^rms; pro- I
tects; cur»s; revitalize*.: «ayes life and doctor I
bill?: outfits 'fe r E_>; ajrer.ts w_Jite_; sen. for I
booklet, ANIDF.OSIS. 47 Post et.: office.
room f: pent*' t^th*. «: !«-le»", t3. I
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
IiOILI-KS. e_£lne». ..-hand machinery. Me- '
IXTOSH _c WOLPMAN. IS-5-IS7 Fremont st.
EAKS, back bars, mirrors. ~bowc-ees. coun- ;
ters. Uncleum, office furniture, -tore and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand J. NOONAN. ICI7-101S-IC2I-10-3 MiESion i
et.., above Eixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bo'i£_t. »ol<! and exchanged. 1063 Mission nt.
FiEl/JlANfi— Tmrorted and pedigreed ftock; all j
_*p* and prices; "'?lr Britain" wvlce. $3; J
brood -f-e. an. youngrtcrs from Yukon-"Slr j
F:y!es." New York-"Sir Banhury" and other i
n"te<l fires on hand, -labbitry. 1015 Shotwell ¦
tt.; npen until 9 r. m. ; visitor* welcome. Of- ;
fie* an. ssio-room. Ptreckels Market. S. F. j
SAN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO. I
EGOS- Thoroughbred hatching; Plymouth i
H'v-k.' Wyandotie. Minorca, Houdan, Lang- I
than. Cochin. Brahma. Hamburg, Poland.
l>>erK-m. Bajitams. F. KRAUS, 1031 Mc-
• AUister st.
SCHOONER Ju!!a E. Whalen, 9t tons: P-hor>ner
Abbie M. Dei-ring. S6 tons: schooner Enter-
prise. ITk tor.?; two 24-inch wood planers; 1
land caw. 618 Third st.
NO. 1 bunting dog and outst; cheap; party
colr.g aw&y. Call at K6H Jessie ft.
THOROUGHBRED cocks and egr» for hatch-
ing. Apply at 404 Carolina St., Potrero.
THOROUGHBRED Irish Better., fancy pigeons ; j
pricey reasonable. Glenmore Kennels, 2041 J
Linden St.. Oakland.
LARGE doit: kind to his master, hard on j
thieve*: also several fine pointers and set- '
ters. Cen »>e *een at FRED CUEHE'S, 6600 j
Mis-^l^n romd.
BFLOIAN hare*, thoroughbred pedigreed, from j
the best FtratrtF in America. MAX STREI- I
CHER. 1210 E. 27th *_? Lm Angeles. Cal.
CHEAP; 1 horizontal holler and vertical engine;
10-horse power liquor and water eteaza pumps,
u»ed 1 year. 11l Flr*t st.
>TIMOPT new surgical amputating set for $3;
cost $24. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
A—V.Q- NICE piano; $400 upright; must sell;
owner leaving city, id Market -t.. room 12.
FOn sale— Windmill, deep well pump and wat-
er pipe; cheap. 7C3 San Bruno aye.
FOR sale— A cabinet bath; cheap. 78 Third su,
roona 2. '
A FEvTrholr* laying geese for sale; 1 year
old. 1_23 ' Cortland aye.
KFW and «e<-ond-hand clot machines bought j
and -old. W. C. BENTHAM, 1832 Market si
CIITEAP hlg-h-arro tailoring machine complete.
.77 Natoma st.. near Seventh.
A— BUYS, cell* or rents gear machinery, en-
irtoe- boiler*, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21t Epear st.
CAPT? register*, eeoond-band. of every de-
scription bought, cold, exchanged and re-
pair-d. 1209 Mission St.. bet. Ninth and Tenth.
EI>ISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
IJOO; concert record*. $2 50- BACIOALtiPI.
«-_a Market «t.. Ran Francisco.
A FINE -ult. tlO; dress pants, $2 75. BROWN
BROS-. Clothing. 457 Montgomery -t.
ASH- P. double cylinder marine raj engine,
almr«t new; complete, tit Mission st,
Id 000 FEET new rubber belting, half price.
ROBT. BRAND & CO.. 627 Third St.. Oakland.
eipEC—NeTr and eecond-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE. CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «t.
EKCON D-HA ND fireproof fafe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof cafe; cheap. 4. Main st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks *<rale and fire and bur-
glar proof «*fe. .16 California rt.
A— U 60 DERBY and Fedora hat*. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatter*. -30 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
FATES, new and second-hand, all slies. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 10.-1U Market St.. Ban Fran.
rOMEPTIO sewing machine; 7 drawers; plated;
almost new: cheap. 181S Mifflon St.. near 15th.
DR CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
rjeta. or Dog Hospital. £10 Golden Gate aye.
nOMEFTIC »ewlng machine: 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; che.sp. 1615 Mln^lon «t.. near 15th.
ONE 4-si-ed etlclter: 1 planer and matcher: 1
«tr cotnpre-»or: 5 locomotives. .20 Fremont.
HOILERS, enrine-. drill presses, planes, lathes.
Iron & wood: 24-hnnd. J. UTTUKK. t-9 Bes.l*.
aHSCI.LLA.'NEOI.S \VA.\TS.
I H P r-soline boat. light draught; alao sev-
eral 10 t" 20 horsepower gaaollne engines, or
Pt-atn with flrebc- boiler-. Box 4472. Call.
V'iKTED- To buy first-class second-hand cash
regirtrr cheap for each. Apply Grand Hotel,
room m. 10 to 10:30 a- m. Monday.
WANTED— £>econd-h_nd upright piano for
ca-h. H. L. WHITEIIEAD. 1710 Market st,
: MOXEV TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount ;T"9eT^ntr"flrsti
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
m estates, legacies, corporation loans chattel
»°"»K«: confidential; advice free.' O. E.
OLSKN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg. .
ANY amount at C per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages. Undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
pate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: K et my terms before doing business else-
! '"'here. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
hlehest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond.. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewefry Store. 846 Market
] «t.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third et.
I t PER cent and up on second mortp__:es", un-
divided interests, estates and claims In pro-
bate and monthly rents. A. M. SPECK &
CO.. .67 Market st.
i ANY amount by private party on furniture and
I pian-n*: no removal; low rates: confidential.
I nONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ON REAL estate, Ist or 2nd' mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny St., r00m. 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. . Tel. Davis 935. .
j ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
I service: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
«8 and 69. Dcnohoe bu!!din_. 1170 Market st.
LOANS to salaried people: personal security
) only. TOUSLEY. 3.1 Parrott buildlne.
j OLD gold bought: money loaned on every de-
scription cf collateral. Coleman's, 606 Kearnjk
MONET loaned on furniture, pianos, dia-
monds, etc. BRIDGES, »27 Market, room 316.
CASH loaned to salaried. people on note without
lndorger. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
: commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortpaeed and you need
more money- see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 336 Parrctt build-
ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
TO salaried men, without collateral or lndorser;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
clfco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY WANTED.
$20,000 in sums to suit; security. Improved
ranches: will pay 8 to 10 per cent for t, t or
6 years: write particulars. Address Mon<?y,
box »". Call office.
MUSICAL iySTI.TO--SNT3.~-
' aTgreat saleTof~~
PIANOS
PIANOS
. . Entire Stock of
HAMILTON-BANCROFT CO.
Cons'.sttcc of
STEINWAY.
CHICKERING.
WEBE7R,
HAINES BROS.'
BALDWIN,
BVSH & GERTS,
ELLINGTON,
HAMILTON.
AND OTHERS.
PRICES FROM $50 UPWARD.
SNAPS FOR BUYERS.
BYRON MAUZY.
3AS-31P-312 POST ST.
FINE assortment of old and new violins In all
sizes just received' fmrn Europe; they were
selerted by experts for the MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO.. 763 Market Bt. ¦
THE Packard pianoe are not cheap p' 8 -" 06 - but
they are first-cla*e In tone and unequaled in
finish: you buy them for a short time only at
Introductory price* at MAUVAIS', 769 Mar-
k»»t st
ARE you in need of a piano? We have a large
assortment of new and second-hand pianos of
the best makers; sold for cash or very easy
payments ; $C down and J6 per month for an
elecant new upright; some good pianos for
$3. $« and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY i
& CO.. ptelnway dealers, cor. Sutter and
Kearny sts.,. San Francisco; oor. Thirteenth i
end Broad way. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house '¦
west of Chicaro is KOHLER & CHASE'S. ;
J«, 28 and '3o O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades :
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles, KOH-
LER 4 CHASE. 39 O'Farrell st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
planes; prices reduced to insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st
3~STEIN\VAYS. 2 Chlckerings, 1 Sommer, 1
Vose & Sons, 5 Helnes; store open evenings.
HEINE Piano Mfg. Co., 136 Ellis st •
A FEW pianos will be sold for storage at auc-
tion prices; dirt cheap for cash. WILSON'S
Ff>rage. 1710 Market st.
PIANO cheap, and 6 rooms of furniture; must
he sold : no dealers. 2SIOA Howard tt.
PARTY going to 'World's Fair will sacrifice
beautiful new upright piano; leaving on 15th.
Call to-day at room 7, LC2I Van Ness aye.
LADY leaving city wishes to dispose of Vose
piano; nearly new. Call 2323 Pine et. '¦
CONOVER, Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
Warerooms. ISIS Market et.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano, $3 per month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
W. O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
FINE Fischer _.- Stein way upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
GOOD upright ptano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
BA RCA IN— Good uprlEht: cheap. BCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hiberr.la Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Lathnm place.
OFFICES AXI> STORKS TO LET.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1506— Store, with living
rooms, suitable for any business; with stable;
pood location for delicacy 'store: rent reduced.
HOWARD, 1509, near Twelfth— Etore and room
• n rear: cood business location; rent cheap.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
COAL yard and -table; O'Farrell St.. near Tay-
lor: low rental: firi-t-class location. Apply
MADISON & BURKE.
$11— TO let; sunny store: counters and shelving,
and 2 living rooms. 1008 Natoma, near 11th.
EMMA SPRECKELS hulldinr. 927 Market St.:
sunny offices, $16 per month.
$10— STORE: 2 show windows and 6 large
rooms; adapted to any buajnes*. 422 Sixth st
OIL. . .
PRODUCING, dividend paying oil properties.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 410-411 Henne block,
Los Angf-leg; 646 Market Bt.. San Francisco.
OPIUM'
OPIUM, morphine and whisky habit cured at
home; "'absolutely painless"; no cure no pay;
write for book. Operlne Medicine Co.. box
190. Atlanta. Ga. ¦¦; ¦¦¦;.
PALMISTRY.
MME/ Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to 8. 6K Geary, nr. Jones.
I'AKTMiUS ,\VA.\TKU.
PARTNER wanted In a thoroughly established
wholesale business; $20,000 necespary. If you
have not the money do not answer. Box
4455. Call office.
. i PERSONALS.
n^~MATTD~_r^TONn. daughter of GEORGE
V.'. STONE of Tuolumne County and later of
Vallejo. will call on the undersigned she will
receive valuable Information. C F. MOOKE,
535 Market st.. room 6.
GENTLEMAN desires acquaintance of lady
ared IS to 25; object, if suited, matrimony,
Box 4474. Call.
BEI-LE- OUDRY
IS NOT A LADY.
LADIES— Your buet enlarged 6 Inches: harm-
less; $100 cash cuarantee: proof free. Leonard
Medicine Co., Kansas City. Kan.
MARRIAGE PAPER.
Best published — FREE.
J. W. GUNXELLS, Toledo, Ohio.
LEDIiREH Quintonlca is a perfect hair tono:
Ssc tx>t. Lederer's foaxno shampoo is the
bei»t Ec pkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton (it.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates;
10 years' experience. J. B. ItAY, 357 Jessie st.
THE fashionable people all so to I^EDERER'R
to have their hair dressed; newest styles, and
late*t effects, 25c: manicuring, 23c; neatest
parlors in the city. 123 Stockton Bt,
ABOUT your hair — To restore' to natural color,
stop falling, cure dandruff, grow new hair.
Star Hair Remedy is the only nafe and clean
preparation. At druggists and hairdresser-.
A— NO more hair on the face; electric needle
• destroys It. -leaving no trace; free treatment.
Room 14, 1206 Market Bt.. cor. Golden Gate.
MTtS. DR- FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st., Alameda—
Private and eeclu.ed home in confinement;
connected with housekeeping rooms If desired.
LADIES troubled with wrinkles or any facial
blemishes, gray, superfluous or falling hair,
consult MME. FISHER, 19 Powell st.
LATEPT styles In halrdresslng, 25c. MISS
MAY BUTLER, 1» Powell st.
CAPE NOME gold rocker: cheapest and best.
On exhibition at 1311% Mission st.
PERSONALS.
FOR. sale— Gas range, "' bed '' and dining-room
sets. Call 321 Turk Bt.
MRS. H. H. DE VOLL & CO.. 436*. Ellis st.—
Fine shampooing and halt-dressing. .
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
¦ carpet twine. In hank .or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
GENTLEMEN— Bring your goods and we will
make and trim your suit for $10 this month to
advertise our work. MASTEN, the tad'or. 109
Larkin st.. near Turk.
BLANDS' second-hand clothing store, 79 Ninth:
full value given for ladles', children's cast-of-
p.lothlng; trunks, etc. Phone, Howard 118-.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st.
A FINE suit to order $10 75, or pants $3 75; our
specialty In remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS, 1117
Market st., bet. 7th and Sth, prop. One-price
Tailoring 1 Co. 532 Kearny, near Sacto.; also
1644 Market st.. under St. Nicholas.
WANTED-Old gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. _4S O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 100 rooms;
260 to $1 50 per night; $1 CO to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
IF you wish full value for your cftst-off cloth-
ing call on B. Cohen. 137 Third: tel. Black 4123.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothtne: bought ?in_
sold. Sllverman. 951 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
ALASKA fur garment*, hoods, mitts. leather
coats. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1815 Linden. Oakland.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEON'S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
10.1H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PLUMBERS.
W. E. LANE, phone Main 315. 601 California
st. : everybody's plumber. ¦ ¦ ¦
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— I or I acres of land, with house |
suitable for chicken ranch; near car line;
across the bay. P., 416 Shotwell st, S. F.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
CASTRO VALLEY INVESTMENT.
$17,000— Ten fiats and cottage; large lot, three
frontages: rents $121; a snap; will trade for va-
cant property.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$6500— Octavia st.. near Broadway; two-story
residence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 26x137:6;
rents $45.
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom st. Treat
aye., 13th and 14th sts., being offered In subdi-
visions; call at office and get diagrams; $1100
and upward.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$40,000— Thlrd-st. comer: _57:6x137:6; store and
flats; good Improvements; rents $250.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$3250— Ritch St.; 5 flats; rents $42 50; lot 2SxBO.
$Ssoo— Tehama st., near Third; 8 te-nemenU;
rents $76; lot OOxSO.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$7500 each— Facing Jefferson square on Laguna.
et. ; special offering of several choice residence*;
get diagram and particulars at office.
$5500— Hayes St.. near Lyon: 2-story and base-
ment residence; 10 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
CORNER LOT.
$5000 — Van Ness aye.; corner; 82:6x109.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Monteomery Bt
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
On very easy payments; choice lots In the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and
I sts.. Eighteenth njul Nineteenth ayes.; right
on the Park and the new Nlneteenth-ave. bou-
levard; most of the lots already sold; balance
bound to sell quickly; flne investments: good
building lots; all ready; lots on official grade;
macadamized; water pipes laid; plank side-
walks; 6 per cent interest only.
< SEE THE HOUSES NOW BUILDING— YOUR
OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes; elec-
tric cars pass the property; see this block at
I once: go to our branch office to-day, cor. H st.
! an. Ninth aye.; price lists., etc., there or at our
! office. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Monteomery St.
$10,600— BAKER st., near Fulton; lot 70x96:10\_.
with 3 Kood cottages; rented for $75; land
alone worth the price; splendid Investment.
$10.600— Fell St., facing Park Panhandle; S
flne flats. 6. 6 and i rooms, etc., each; rent
Hi 50; larre lot.
ATTENTION. BUILDERS!
$6000 — 140x100; grand -ND. corner on Brj-ant
aye.; flats or houses would sell like hot cakes
in this lot; street bltumlnized; electric curs
pass property.
$9iXl_- Very cheap: Clipper, near Diamond: nice
level lot. 26:5x114; street work done.
$2000— Fine corner: Parnassus and Wlllard;
27:6x94:6; magnificent view; close to Stanyan
and Haleht sts.; electric cars pass th«> prop-
erty; would exchanse for property toward
water front and pay cash difference.
$1550— Marine view lot on Green, near Scott;
25x100; mortgage $1000 can remain.
A HANDSOME HOME.
A new house, on Ninth aye., near. J st., 1
blocks from the park: contains 7 large sunny
rooms, finished basement, 2 mantels, large re-
certlon hall, fine xiprcelain bath, bay windows
j front and rear; panoramic view of park and
bay; an Ideal home; close to all the park at-
tractions: price only $3150; terms same as rent;
take Eis_y-et. care (Halght-st. cars transfer),
get off at Ninth aye., walk south 2 blocks; a
! pleasant ride: can reach town in 25 minutes.
< LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery Bt.
PAYS 10 PER CENT NET.
$22,500 — An excellent corner Investment on
Tost St., close to Laguna; extra large lot; rents
steadily.
LTON & HOAG, 114 Monteomery ' st.
$6750— HYDE St., only 1 block from the City
Hall; rent $50; 2-story house, S rooms, bath,
etc.; big bargain; bound to sell at once.
$3200 — Rent $40; Rltch st., near Brannan; lot
_".xSO. with cood Improvements consisting of
flats.
JR6oo— Rent $50: brand-new flats in park pan-
handle district; contain 5 and 6 rooms, bath
eto., each.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK & CO. '
Loan Money.
«67 Market St., opposite Keamy.
$80,000— Grand corner, 75 ft. front; half block
from Market st., not far from 6th; rents $300
$sn,oeo— Rare Investment: vicinity Powell and
Geary: 4-story brick building; stores and lodc-
lng-house above; 36 feet front.
$45,000— Corner; rents $400; modern Improve-
ments; lot 80x135 feet. ' '¦
$26,500— Near Eddy and Jones; store and 28
rooms above; modern; pays 7 per cent net.
$24,000— Sixth st.; 75 feet front; rents $2400
yearly; good buildings; 4 stores.
JSOOO— Six elegant new flats; lot 50x100 ff
all rented for $S4 a month; grand barjraln.
$76' iO — Six good flats; rents $960 yearly; down-
town : lot 50 feet front. ' < .
•6Doo— a choice flats; Hayes et; mortgage
$4000; a snap.
jCOOO— Post st; t good flats: rents $60; lot
27x110.
$3250— Corner store and 8-rOom flat; rents $37-
foreclosure. . . '
$3150-4 flats within few blocks of Bth and
MarKet sts.; rent* $35.
$1750— Two nice flats; rents $16.50.
$760— Kix rooms and lot 45x72 feet.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market «t.
FOR SALE BY " ~
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery gt \
$?000— Lot: flne view of bay; N. W. cor. Lar-
kin and Chestnut sts. : 145x133; California and I
Hyde-st. cars in one block: or In subdivisions
as follows: $3000 for corner. 37:C.xU9; $1600 for ln-
fildc lots, 27x139; easy terms.
$23, 000— Third st, near Howard; good building
and basement: rents $1800 per annum.
$10,000— N. side Sacramento St., near Drumm-
CO-60; rents nominal; if Improved would pay
well.
$16,000— Geary Pt., near Larkin: store and
flats; never vacant; rents $103; make offer.
$11,600— Geary St., 'near Octavia; large lot;
Improved; rented low, $936 per annum; never
vacant; good Investment; make offer.
$25,000 — Lot 137x137; Fourth. St., near Town-
Fend; old buildings; rents $100; good for ware-
house.
$2000 — Corner lot; Montgomery aye. and Tay-
lor St.: very cheap; will double your money
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery st.
$J6SO— FINE new cottage on Jersey, near Noe-
easy terms.
$1500— Comer of Hoffman and Elizabeth; offer
wanted. -
$600— Terminus of new car line; lot on Rhode
Island, near Twenty-fourth. .
$300— Cheap lot at Ocean Beach; easy terms.
$2C>O— Cheap lot south of Park, near Boule-
vard.
.. $IS-— Great Snnn In Lakevlew; level corner.
$50 cash, $10 monthly: lots on Twenty-fourth
avenue and Clement. . .
$10 — Nineteenth ay*. boulevard lots; low price
McEWEN BROS., 11» Montgomery at. '
FOR SALE BY W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Mont-
goroery st.
Potrero block; well located for manufacturing
or warehouse ¦ purposes. ¦.. . . . -..: . . . .
JC2sO— Corner Eighteenth and Capp; house 10
rooms; 2 baths; corner vacant; 40x122:6; : part
cash. •' - .¦•¦-¦ :. • . : .......
$2200— Twentieth, near Guerrero; old Improve-
ments; 25x114. - • •;
$snoo— Twenty-fourth, near Bryant; 4 flats- 60
Xlo4;. half cash: 2 neat cottages of 5 rooms and
bath each; liberal terms. ¦..._ .
$1800— Corner Twenty-first and Colllngwood;
£7x75.
$1250— Liberty, near Dolores; 25x114-
REAL ESTATE— rCITY— FOR. SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, ' . ~. .'
_-._..... . 14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco. County. ,_6e
$7500— Elegant location for flats; Pine at.; old
Improvements and lot 50x1J7:6. -¦
$3000— Rents $300 per annum; store and 3 rooms
and 3 tenements; near-Bth and Shipley sts.
$1150— Mission cottage, I V 4 block from Castro-st:
cars; oottage and lot 25x114; will be sold
. on very easy terms.
$6500— Fine 2-story bay-window residence of t
rooms and bath; large lot 30x162; on« of
the finest localities of the Mission. '.
?6000— Pacific Heights bargain; fine modern res-
idence of 9 rooms and bath; fine flower
v garden; 27:6x127:8%.-. :.
IMOO— Rents $4SO per annum; business corner on
Fillmore st,; substantial building, store
- and -living rooms and flat of < rooms and
bath: brick foundation, bay-windows, c-tc.
$6800— Rents. $S16 per annum; 4 elegant flats of 6,
6, 6 and 5 rooms and bath each, and lot
near 15th and Market sts.
$2600 Rents $300 per annum; near 23d and How-
ard sts.; 2 2-story houses of 6 rooma each;
v"<A • ' 25x75. ' ¦' ' '
$2100— Rents $336 per annum; near 7th and Fol-
som sts.; store and 2 rooms and upp«r of
4 rooms; 25xS0.
$5200— Very cozy cottage on Devisadero at,:. I
rooms, bath and basement; 27:6x100.
$8500 Rents $660 per annum; to close an estate;
property well located In the Western Ad-
; ditlon: 2 stores and flat: 37:6xR2:6.
$$00 and uuward: Richmond lots; 10th. aye., C
and D s-ts., adjacent to the Park; 25x120:
$50 cash, $20 per month; interest at 7 per
«0 000— To' close an estate; Post St.. only a few
blocks from Market St.; a large and sub-
stantial house in good condition; could bo
converted into hotel . or 6 flats at • small
• ' outlay; lojge lot, 68:9x120 to rear street.
12000— Rents $156 per annum; Western Addition
investment, near Post and Flllmore its.;
2 flats and lot 25x94:6. _
$6600— Very cheap lot. choicest location en Pa-
cific Heights; eleeant residences on. all
sides; 40x127:8%. '
; Choice list of building lota In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
sal. in all parts of the clty^^ &
¦ = .14 Montgomery st, . •
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
628 Market st., opn. Palace Hotel.
Established ISSB.
117,000-Fulton st., bet. Polk and Van Neaa
aye.; lot 60xl_O to Ash ay..
$7000— Modern flats m Flllmor. rt., near Mc-
Allister; rent* $50; a bargain.
$6000— Folsom St., bet. -Third and Fourth; S
stores; rent" $42 50: lot 40xS0. - .-
. Choice comer for flata— Webster st. and Wll-
dey aye.; 27:6x81:3: old Improvements; now pay-
ing good Interest; $500 cash, balance easy terms.
$7700— McAllister et., near Stelnor; elegant
house; t rooms and bath; 26:6x110.
$SOOO— McAllister st., near Laguna; rents $57j
lot 65x120 to Locust aye.
$5000— Baker st, near Sacramento; 8 rooms
and bath; in perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
Muet be sold— Shotwell St.. near Sixteenth;
rent $40; .rlcs only $3500.
$2300— Bryant st-. near Seventh; two cottages;
rents $20; lot 20x80.
$3100— Oak Grove aye., . near Harrison st,;
rents $26; lot 25x112. .
$2500— Sheridan St., near Tenth and Harrisons
flats; well rented; lot 25x100. -
$4250— Octavia st., near Halght; an elegant lot
for modern flats; 37:6x57:6.
$3500— Greenwich St., bet. Stockton and Pow-
ell; cood houee and lot 23:9x100.
$2000— York st, near Twenty-flfth; 5 rooms and
bath; lot 25x100.
$1600— Dsy st., near Church; cottage of five
rooms; lot 25x114.
MADISON & BURKE.
; 616 Market St., opp. ¦ Palace Hotel.
McAFEE BROTH ERs! ~
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
ELLIS STREET.
Fine lot on north side of Ellis St., near Jones,
3<ixl-0, to rear street; splendid lot for lodging
hnuse; old Improvements; rent for $65 monthly;'
price $20,500.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTa
Lot on the north sida of Clay st., near Locust;
34:4x127:8 feet; splendid marine view; price
$4500.
A FIFTY-VARA CORNER.
North Beach, on car line; marine view; only
$6500; a cheap buy.
A COSY HOME.
On Webster St.; 7 rooms and bath; price
$5500. . . ...
PANHANDLE FLATS. • ¦£ : .• V
j Three modern' flats In ¦ Panhandle ''district;
rents $79; price $SOOO. ¦¦>
NORTH BEACH CORNER.
Store and flat of 8 rooms above; street work
done; rents $60;. price $6750. .. ,
TWO CHEAP -LOTS.
Two good lots on Alvarado at., near Sanchez;
25x114; reduced to $650 each, ...
-. MISSION COTTAGES.
Call for our list of Mission cottages; all parts
of the Mission: on easy terms.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS. *
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
McAFEE BROTHERS,.
108 Montgomery St., S. F. •
THE RENT YOU PAT
WILL BUY A HOME
..ON THE HETMAN TRACT
Hoffman aye., now building, of 6 rooms and
bath.
One on Ninth ay«. of 6 rooms and bath; near
California and Presidio Heights.. .
One on Buena Vl.ta aye. of 4 rooms and
bath; Twenty-ninth »nd Mission.
125 $20 and $15 per month. Including Inter-
est. JACOB HEYMAN, 117 gutter st. *
$350— LOTS on Forty-seventh aye. and J st.
J4sO— Lots on 23d aye.. Richmond district.
$100— Lots at the Ocean Beach. :
$150 — 1./ots on the Mission road. \-'-.-.'
J3sO— Lots on View aye.. near Hoffman aye.:
streets rraded and sewered.
On monthly installments. .
JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter at.
FOUR HOUSES BUILT.
ONLY ONE LEFT.
It contains 6 rooms and bath and all the lat-
est improvement.. You can pay for it with
your rent money: take Mlsslon-st cars, trans-
fer to Twenty-second St.. ride to Hoffman aye.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
$12 60 A MONTH will buy a new 4-room and
bath cottage and lot 25x100; street work done;
Uosworth St.. half a block from Mission. OS-
CAR HEYMAN. 14 Poat st. ¦¦
$J0 CASH and $10 a month— Fine building lot on
Twenty-flr»t St.. near Bryant; 25-101. OSCAR
HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
$100 AND upward on $5 monthly payments;
building lots close to car line. OSCAR HEY-
MAN. 14 Post st •"¦ ' - ¦•¦¦"¦ ' ' '
JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine St.,
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
$35,000 — An excellent centrally located business
property, paying 9 per cent.
$5000— Rent $45; a corner property on Clay st.:
stores and dwellings.
PARK LOTS— AN EASY METHOD TO GET
ONE.
$15 down and payments of less than 2c per
day for 27 mpnths will buy a flne park lot.
On Installments: $15 down and $5 per month;
price $160: park lots 25x120 feet each; well lo-
cated: only - blocks from the park and 4
blocks from the boulevard. Also on -payments
of $5 and $5 per month, lots 25x100 feet In the
Garden Tract, near the terminus of San Bruno-
ave car line.
$150 or less each— Lota 25x100 In Silver Ter-
ra cc. near Silver ava. '
$SOO— LOT on Geary St.. bet.' Baker and Lyon;
24:6x80: worth $1800. .
$1800— Lot 118:10x127:6; Fourteenth aye., 1 one
block from park front; makes 4 lots, 29:6x127:6
each; only $450 each.
$goo— Lot 25xlW)- fronting on H st. and the
park E of Seventeenth aye.
$1500— Lot 240x125; makes 10 lots; only $150
each: Forty-fifth aye., near B st.; grand marine
$1400— Lot on Point Lobos aye., 60x150, near
Forty-second aye., facing <he ocean; flne marine
$7Eo— Lots 25x120 each on. Seventh aye., one
block from park, near C ft.; street work done;
two lines of cars. - ¦ .
O. D.' BALDWIN & SON.
.'." ' ' - 22 Montgomery st,
A-DAVID STERN & SONS, ' - . . . '
Real Estate Agents, 11 Montgomery st,
$10.000— Third.* near Town-end; 50x50..
$15,500— Rents $l26:new. flats; Ellis,, near L&r-
kln: 25x120 to Willow aye. •
$18,000— Rents $102 50; - new flats; O'Farrell,
near Lainina: 23x1-0 to rear street. -
$4500— Jackson, near Buchanan; rents $25.
$-500— Twentieth, near Dolores; 8 rooms and
$2;6o—NE. corner Union and Octavia; 14:6x85.
$3500— Clayton St.. near Waller; 45x100.
;.....'...•..;.'.".. .=.. $5800 ........................
i ..One fifth cash, balance monthly payments..
.....Rents $720 a year .-.•
New modern : flats, : Just finished. 631 Waller
st., bet. Pierce and Scott:l short block 'from
Haight-st cars. F. NELSON, .builder, on
premises.' ¦'"".' . * -¦¦¦¦•-. ;
.......;.:.............. ?ssoo. .'......."........•
.... 1-5 cash; balance monthly payments. ..;.
......;.".'....'. Rents fT2o'a year. :.. ..".:........
new modern flats Just finished,' 63l Waller Bt.,
between Fierce and a, Scott; • one :,«hort ¦: block
from Halght st. . cars. F. . NELSON, builder,
•on premises.;/!;. '.- . .. ¦•¦¦.'•...• .-.'¦¦ ..'•'.* ¦. .
28x130— MARINE" view; Pacific Heights lot;
, quick sale; bargain. Box ,4452, Call. • ¦
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
' EXAMINE THIS LIST.
- ' .'..¦ ¦ FOR BALE BY '
BURNHAM A MARSH CO., 20 Montgomery at.
FOURTH-ST. BARGAIN. .
$16,500 — Corner saloon, barber shop and hotel
of 63 rooms: leased for 6 years at $112 50 and
$125; has great future. •
!$30 > 000-^-3-story brick modern building; leased
to one tenant (secured lease); pays 9 per cent
net; flne business location.
- HERE'S A BARGAIN,
tit. soo— Reduced price; Mission st., near Third;
by spending $9000 will pay $200 a month. .
GRAND NEW BUSINESS CORNER. '-
¦$65,000— Rent $560 a month; North of Market
St., close to Baldwin site; particulars at office.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNERS. ".
$8500— Best . part Devisadero at.; lot 3i>x_l7:6,
with a 2-story bouse; change ¦ into flats and
build store, would pay 12 per cent; has great
future; must be sold this week. . .
$10,500— Flllmore st corner; ' French liquor
¦tore 10-foot cellar and flne fiat; sama tenant
for 10 years; pay» 7 per cent net. , . ¦ ....
$$500— Rent $78; splendid grocery comer -on
California St.; owner. made fortune here; going
out of business; this is a snap.
CHEAPEST BUY ON THE' MARKET. '
< .. DOWNTOWN FLATS.
1 $13,600— Elegant 3-story building; marble
steps, j 10-foot foundation, wood mantels, tiled
sinks, etc.; present rents $90; can be greatly-
Increased; formerly rented at $160; only 1 block
from Union square and a few feet from Geary
St.; low price to make quick sale. ' ¦ '
CHOICE RESIDENCE CORNER.
$S2OO only for choice N. W. corner modern res-
idence of 11 rooms and bath; opp. City Hall
square.
$18,200— 14-room modern residence on Scott •_;
large lot 87x190.
$8250— Elegant residence on Pierce St.. over-
looking Alta Plaza; 14 rooms and bath; rent $75
BARGAIN IN FLATS.
$8500— Two elegant, modem, up-to-dat* flat, of
( and 7 rooma and bath; opp. present panhandla
rent $57 SO; $1000 too cheap.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
. ¦ . 20 Montgomery st.
BASTON, ELDRIDOE _c CO-
638 Market street.
INVESTMENTS.
$18,000— Pays 10 per. cent; 9 modern flats, on
'¦;•:'¦ large lot; 2 frontages; Pine St., near
- Flllmore.
$6500— Pays 10 t>«r cent; 2 elegant modem flate.
.¦ ... 6 and 7 rooms and bath; rents $55 per
month; on Scott st., near Page; lot 27:6 x
87:6.
$6000— Pays 10 per cent; 2 elegant, new. modern
flats of 6 and 7 rooms and hath: beautiful
mantels, curved bay windows, etc; lot
25x115 feet.
$6000— Pays 11 per cent; 4 nice flats of 9 and 4
rooms, on Harrison et., near- Fourth:
$5000— Pays 8 per cent; 2 flats. 5 and 6 rooms and
bath, on Leavenworth st. ; walking . dis-
tance Kearny and Market.
RESIDENCES. .. •
$7600— Large, elegant modern residence; 11 rooms
and bath, attic, basement, stable; on Pine
St.. near Pierce: sunny side street; large
. lot.- 42:4x137:6 feet; $5000 bank mortgage
can remain.
$5500— Beautiful modern house; 9 rooms, serv-
ant's room, etc.. porcelain bath, tile man-
tels, all modern Improvements; on Brod-
erlck st.. near California.
$4750— Reduced from $5250: Sunny side Clay st.,
. neac Webster; residence 9 rooms and
bath; a bargain. . ,
$2500— Reduced from $3000 to force Immediate
sale; modern house, 7 rooms and bath,
- • basement, porcelain tub, tile mantels,
eto.; on Twenty-flfth st., near Howard.
UNIMPROVED.
$6000— Reduced from $7000; $3300 bank mortgage
can remain: elegant N. E. corner In the !
Mission; 6 lots, on bltumlnlzed street; i
cars pass property; speculators and build-
ers,' see this.
$2000— On Halght St., near Broderick; lot 25x120:
or will -trade for Improved olty property.
$I?oo— Elegant lot on E. side of Dolores St.. 31
S. of Twenty-second ; size 30x117:6 back to
alley; cheapest lot on Dolores st
SEND FOR ONE OF ' '
Our catalogues of PROBATE AND PARTI-
TION SALES- of properties
AT AUCTION— TO HIGHEST BIDDER.
TUESDAY, MARCH 27, 1900.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (INC.),
. . 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED. i:
25:9x128:*— Union st., near Taylor: i modern :
flats and rear house; rents $97; $12,600.
i 25x137:6— Locust st., near Jackson; modern!
house of 10 rooms; $9500.
| 26x100— Folnom St., near Bth.; store, 2 flats and
rear house; rents $65; $8500.
| .25x50-^ Fourth «t.. near Harrison; store . and
flat: $<SSOfl; sale urgent. .<¦, • . ;
25x137:6 — Grove St.. near Central aye. ; new B-
story bay-window flats; rents $50; $6500. - I
112:6x37:6x87:6 — Corner Kearny an<l Greenwich |
sts.: 10 2-* tory houses; rents $S0; $6000. . I
45:1%x137:6. with an L— Vallejo St.. near f
Mason: cottage, two flats and rear house;
rents $64: $6000.
34:4x137:6— Sacramento st., near Hyde; cot-
tage ; $5250.
25x75— Corner Virginia and* Prospect ayes.; 3
flats; rents $37; $5000. |
45:6x68:10— Corner Bay and Midway; cottage ¦¦
and flats; rents $20; $4500.
23x81:0 — Twenty-fourth St., near Dolores; 2-
story housp, 6 rooms and bath; $500 down, bal-
Rnce same ns rent: Interest at 6 per cent; must
be sold to close an estate. - ,
25x100 — Sanchez St., near Nineteenth; modern
cottage; $2800.
25x80 — Diamond st., near Twenty-fourth; cot-
tage; rent $15; $2500.
23x50— Auburn St., near Pacific; J-story house;
rents. s24; $1700. •
20x60 to rear street— Salmon St., near Pacific;
$1500; 2-story house. ¦¦
UNIMPROVED.
65x87:6— Valencia St., near 17th: $10,000.
30x90— W. of Mission st., S. of Army; 3 lota.
27x110— McAllister St.. near Steiner; $.'.750.
25x100— McAllister St.. near Lyon; $2250. '
25x137:6— Frederick St.. near Cole; $2000.
25x137:6— C01e St., near Frederick: $2000.
25:8x100 — Union St., near Pierce: $1500.
25x120— 8econd aye., near California st. : $1200.
80x71:10— BE. corner Polk and Lombard sts.
260x125— NW. corner of Fountain and Twenty-
fifth sts.' ¦ - ' -
FOR sale cheap — Bush, E. of Van Ness aye. ; I
nice, large residence; could be turned into I
flats at small expense: very sunny; lot Jflx !
137:6. Apply store 1126 Larkin st. ¦ I
NEW modern 7-room house; large lot', cement i
wall, steps, walks: $2750: easy terms; must
sell: make offer. Owner, box 4460. Call office. I
$2700— NW. COR. Golden Gate aye. and Lyon !
St.; 32:6x100: store vacant; part can remain.'
C. W. POPE, 11 Montgomery B t. • •• . ]
$7500 — OWNER called East: nothing cheaper nor '
better: 9 rooms; Presidio Heights. C. 828,
Montgomery at., room 417.
BOL GBTZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUTLD-NQ.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. ' '
Others secure bargains from usi Why not yon?
CHOICEST RICHMOND LOTS! - ,
$350 to $800 — Ready to build on; Installments.
SUNSET LOTS. --¦¦
$500 to $800— Graded i and sewered; superb
view; $10 monthly.
$150 to $400— Near Nineteenth aye. and Ocean
boulevard lots from II to O st.; $5 monthly.
$100 to $250— Level - lots, near Mission street
electric car line; also' cheap cottages on In-
stallments.
Call for • Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER. -
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDINO.
A BARGAIN— Cost $5000; will sell for $2000;
house and lot in the Mission warm belt; con-
taining 7 rooms a,nd bath; high basement;
brick foundation; half cash; balance to re-
main on mortgage; or will exchange for Im-
proved ranch. . Address box 2568, Call office. -
H. MURPHY/630 Market «., makes loans on
second mortgages, interests in estates, etc. .:
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast cor. Twenty-serenth
and Douglas* sts. : must be sold; 80x114 f *•_. ¦
$1600 — North line Carl ' st., near Stanyan; 2Sx
187:« feet. • . :. - ¦ '-
H. MURPHY, 630 Market St., makes loans on
: second mortgages. Interests. ln estates. : etc. • ;.
ONLY $700; cost $1100 each; offered at Just- the
amount of mortgage; 3 of the choicest lots In
Richmond: all street work done; ready for
building; $150 first payment: e»sy quarterly
payments to suit; close to electric and cable
cars; these lots are elevated and well lo-
cated: this Is a flne chance for any one under
a salary -to get a home. ' W. J. GUNN, 530
California st. .-. . V
MUST be sold— A modern cottage of '5 rooms
and bath: on account of slckSess. Please call
or address 118 Third aye., near Sacramento st.
COTTAGE— S rooms, bath,' basement, stable; l_
block from Market st. Apply 2403-Folsom st.
HAVE you real estate , In the Mission or Hom-
er'« Addition .that -you 'wish to-dlsrose of
then call on ..W. J. GUNN, 630 California st. ;
IF you have lots in Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly then'
C-U;cn W. J. GUNN. 530 California st. •• .:¦.
i $2io— LOT 'on^ Twenty-seventh, aye.,- 2 blocks
south of Park; 25x120. *• . • '..
'¦¦- -$400— 2 lots on Thirty-fifth aye. ; 50x120. Ap-
, ply C. HOLTUM, 551 Market st.
REAL ESTATE — COVXTRY — For Sale
ANNOUNCEMENT. ' -¦
We'deslr. to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in
Income producing orchards, vineyards, .grain
and stock farms, many of which are bank
foreclosures, that ire have for sale. Our Mr.
Bush, ¦ having had 40 years' knowledge and
experience of the value of lands and being
the owner of an income-producing orchard
and vineyard, can Intelligently direct Intend-
ing buyers to the best lands and bargains tn
.the State. Call or write for what you want.
¦> ? G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
David Bush, Manager Country Department.
' ¦ 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$1000— FINE 20-acre ranch; level garden land;
good house: barn . full of hay; flne horse,
buggy; 100 chickens and farming tools, etc.;
fare 50c; half mile to station. ¦ . '.
$3500— Fine, highly improved ¦ 120-acre farm;
grooj S-room house and outbuildings; all In
grain; fare 50c; cheap at $5000. .
"Summer Home" Tract; $25 per acre; In
lots to suit; easy terms; finest of valley fruit
and vegetable land: 29. have bought and 15
'built houses and more going up; fare- 50c
and freight $1 to S. F. ; will all be sold befora
¦the end of the month.
$150— Nice 10-acre home, on R. R. ; nice bind;
. tome oak trees; payable $10 a month.
¦ WESTERN LAND CO.. 840 Market at.
A GENUINE "Snap" bargain; must ' sell this
week:' SO acres very -richest of highly culti-
vated level loam In crop; not an Inch of
waste; fenced; 110 bearing fruit treesrresi-
denoe. barn. 2 wells, etc.; 1H miles from city;
only $2SCO. - -
t ¦ N. D SICKELS-the LAND AGENT.
10 Geary St., opp Chronicle building. S, F. I
$1500 — 20 ACRES: San Joaquin, : .near ¦ town;
good 6-room house, barn and outbuildings:
well, windmill and tank; 4 acres In alfalfa,
6 acres In grain; balance vegetable land,
family orchard.- C. F.- MOORE. >. 935 Market
st., room «. ¦ . ' ¦ • "-'. ¦-
A BEAUTIFUL HOME
TO LEASE FOR BIX MONTHS.
Beautiful suburban home In Pan Leandro: 15
rooms; nice lawns; family orchard: carrla_re
house 'and stable; within 2 blocks of the elec-
tric cars: 3 blocks of steam cars; will lease to
desirable tenant for 6 months or longer. J. H.
GILMORE, .21 Montgomery st. '
800 ACRES, stock and grain. $10 per acrw, Santa
Clara County; 10 acres Martinez, 8 in grapea.
$700: 49 acres. Improved, near Los Gatos, $3500.
Ranches and city properties to exchange. .P.
H. JORDAN. 40 Columbian building. .
. SIW>— CHICKEN ranch. and fruit farm: 10 acre,
fine level land; 1 mile from railroad on good
county road; near school; flne's-room house:
good large barn and chicken-houses; 3 acres
In fruit and berries; terms to suit. W. D.
REYNOLDS. 220 Hlnton aye.. Santa Roe*. Cal.
$6000— FORECLOSURE sale: 120 acres fruit and
vineyard: 2CO heavy timber; Santa Crui Moun-
tains; must b<» sold at once. WESTERN
LAND CO.. 640 Market St., San Francisco.
COTTAGE In Mill Valley, furnished or unfur-
nlshed; lot 50x150; fruit and flower garden; a
bargain. Apoly 528 Turk st. - '
$1000— BEST kind of a bargain; 160 acres red-
wood timber: l'Vmlle river; Mendoclno Co.
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st.
$1000— FINK 20-acre ranch; level garden land;
good house; barn full of hay; flne horse,
buggy; 100 chickens and farming tools, etc;
fare 50c: half mile to station.
$3500— Fine, highly Improved, 120-acr* farm:
good S-room house and outbuildings; all-in
grain: fare 60c; cheap at $5000.
$ICCO— 3S-acre place; 8 acres bearing trees
and vines: -buildings, spring; fine timber;
worth $2000: sold on account of death.
$300— 4\4 acres, improved place at depot.
Santa Cruz Mountains; a beautiful resort;
first one gets It. . r---
$l50 — Nice 10-acre home, on R. R.: nlo* land;
some oak trees; payable $10 a menth.
WESTERN LAND CO.. 640 Market st,
MARIN Co. : 26 miles -from 8. F-— s4o to $80
per acre: choice lands In tracts of all sizes;
Improved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., room 2, Bth floor. Mills bldg., S. F.
600 ACRES In Stanislaus County, near rail-
road; water; growing crops; under fence and
all other Improvements. For particulars ad-
dress or call W. P. CROW. 1334 Polk, city.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
t Land for sale In Sonoma. Contra Costa. Glenn.
• Santa Cruz. Shasta and Tehama Cos.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EICHAXOB.
$3500 TO $5000— City lot for Alameda residence.
f4ooo— Frultvale store and flat for ranch.
$6500— 30 acres. 20 fruit. Santa Roea. for ln-
come property. German- American. 34 Keamy.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, 2523— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
EDDY. «I_— Parlor floor; elegant sunny rooms:
every convenience^ reasonable :. will separate.
ELLIS, 1129— Two unfurnished alcove rooms to
I let for housekeeping. .... . .
FIFTH. 869— New bouse; 3 nicely furnished
sunny connecting housekeeping rooms; rea-
sonable to parties without small children;
other rooms. . •-
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— J large sunny un-
furnished rooms; nice yard: water; $7.
GEARY, 475 — Large alcove front room; house-
keeping If desired; also other room cheap.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 311— Large front alcore
room, gas, bath and running water, for light
housekeeping: private family: refa.; $14 only.
GUERRERO, 1147— Furnished sunny front room,
bedroom and kitchen. $12 SO. 1
HILL. 12%— Four sunny rooms, parlor floor:
completely furnished for housekeeping; coal
range; tubs; bath, etc.; $25.'
HOWARD, 64»— 2 front housekeeping rooms,
with every convenience; also bath. ;
MARKET, 1353. "The Monarch." opp. Odd Fel-
lows' Hall— 2 nice furnished connecting house-
keeping rooms, all conveniences: also 2 nice
and sunny front rooms for light housekeeping.
MINNA. 28— Sunny front rooms for housekeep-.
ing; 51 50 per week.
POWELL. 610— Pleasant sunny room: privilege
of kitchen; suitable for 2; reasonable.
SAN CARLOS aye.. 88— Sunny front room for
light housekeeping; also other rooms.
j SECOND. 127— Large sunny front housekeeping
room. $2 'a week; also single. $1 a week. ¦
SHIPLEY. 262, near Sixth— 3 sunny rooms, nn-
f umlshed ; rent $8 50. -
THREE sunny comfortably furnished rooms
for housekeeping, with bath; rent $13. 61
Elliott Park, off Stelner. bet. Geary and
| O'Farrell.
! VAN NESS aye.. -232— Nicely furnished suites,
I with kitchens. $15 up.. ¦ ¦'
, VAN NESS. 402—8 sunny connecting rooms.
- complete tor housekeeping; stationary, tubs;
I yard. ¦ ¦ ' ¦ '.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
1 received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmor* st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencla st. ¦
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S 81xth— Rooms
25c to $-1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
Utht housekeeping: open all night. — •
t BURNETT. 1426 Market st (old No. 1361>— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also. unfurnished.
CARKOLLTON. 1208 Market, cor. Golden Gata
aye. — Sunny corner: well furn.: rras. & offices.'
EDDY, 306 — Front parlor nicely furnished; very
pleasant and. nice;, terms reasonable.
ELLIS.' 51S— Elegantly furnished front and back
parlor; also single room.
ELLIS, IS33 — Large sunny furnished front room,
with use of bath. . •
FELL, .113, near Van Ness— Nicely furnished
room to let: gentleman.
FOLSOM. 834— $1' a week; large, sunny, fur-
nished room; closet; bath; private. Call Mon-
day. ¦ - ' -.-
FOLSOM, 965. corner Sixth (The Oliver) — Sunny,
furn'shed rooms: suites or single; new nigmt.
FOURTH. 222Vi— Nicely furnished bay-window
and single rooms; reasonable; quiet. - ,
FRANKLIN, 21 (Newport)— Nicely furnished
rooms; suit or single; sunny; also housekeep-
ing rooms; running water. -
FRANKLIN, 711— Newly furnished room: rent
reasonable. ¦ ' ¦
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
ed rooms, suites or single; travelers accom.
GEARY place, 4, off Geary.- near Taylors-Well j
furnished room; very ¦ reasonable. '
GOLDEN GATE aye., BV4— Furnished rooms. U
and $7.
HAIGHT. 220-~-Sunny furnished alcove; gas;
bath; phone; dinner If desired. .1 . .' '-'
HANCOCK House, " 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 784H, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished 'sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
Bonitllke: $1 week up. . ¦' ' ' ¦
JESSIE. 465 — Clean comfortable front room;
private family: $6. •
JESSIE. 614— Single, newly furnished rooms. $5;
- also unfurnished large bay-window rooms, $6;
German family.
LARKIN. 1702, near Washington — Sunny alcove
or small room with private family. .
MCALLISTER. -20— Newly ; furnished tunny
front room; reasonable. ¦ •.-¦¦ •-.
MINNA. t37— One small famished front room.
MINNA. 667. comer Eighth— New furnished
bay window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 832— Nicely furnished sunny front
room, including bath; -suitable for 2 gentle-
men.
HOOMS TO LET — Fan. and L'nfnrm.
MISSION. I!-*— Sunny room for two; running
water; grate; gas; quiet house.
O'FARRELL. JO— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day. wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 765 — Newly furnished front room.
close to town, for gentlemen; reasonable. ¦
PERRY. 241— Four rooms to rent; very low.
, POLK. 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
ke«plng rooms: suite and single; rent chenp.'
POST. 239— El.gant transient rooms for tour..i'»;
: all conveniences; traveling men: elevator.
POST. 10U— An alcove; also single furnished
rooms; gas, bath, phone.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.:
suites or single; running water; gas; rea».
ROTAL House. 176 Ellis st.— lncandescent light.
r«adlng room, smoking room and ladles' par-
; . lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2 t<>
$8; month, $3 to $20; elevator on office floor:
; rooms with hot and cold water; baths. •
I ROSEDALE House. 313 & 321 Ellis st.— Rooms.
nfght. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
BAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building: elevator; new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
sea baths; suites and single rooms; .: ' ¦
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished snd unfurnished.
SIXTH. 32^ Sunny furnished rooms. $1 to $2 .V>;
clpget-tn -every room; also housekeeping suite.
BT. PETER'S House. 705 California— Chang*.,
hands; nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keeping rooms.
THE OAKS. 11 J Third— A good rooming hou.e
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK. 643— Punny room; grate; gaa; bath:
light housekeeping If desired: $3.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3252-Sunny rooms, double
or single, furnished; gas and bath.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3728. near Dolores— - sunny
bay-wlnd(>w room*: nice and complete.
VAN NESS aye.. 101 — Sunny front suite: newly
furnished: gas: bath; running water: for doc-
tor, dentist or dressmaker: reasonable.
VICKSBURG, tit. near 24th— Two sunny unfur-
nlshed rooms; $4 a month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
¦ lend* st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, -»nt to any address in th»
United State*, postpaid, for fl per v»ar.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ONE large room, suitable for 2 gentlemen: 1
small room, for one; with board, use of piano
parlor, phone, bath; very reasonable: reflned
family; 1500 block California st. ; no transient.
Box 4468. Call.
A— HOTEL La Normandle, 32« Eddy— Sunny
suites and single rooms: everything new; first-
class table and service; prices moderate.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market St.— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table first class;
reduced rates.
NEW family 'hotel: first class In all appoint-
ments: excellent table; speelal Inducements to
select people. 807 California St.. occupying
corner opposite Or»c« Church.
TURK. 314— Elegantly furnished alcove and
parlor suites; single rooms; board optional;
moderate. •¦ r
BUNNY front bay-window room: running
water; grate: with board. ' 103 Bartlett st..
corner Twenty-second.
NICELT furnished room for two In private
family, with board. 729 Hyda st.. bet. Sutter
and Post. . ..
FURNISHED rooms, single and en suite: good
table; flne location. 712 Van New aye.
BUSTI. SlS— Fin* sunny rooms, with board.
ELLIS, 1016 — Private family: elegant modern
flat; sunny rooms; flne table; gentlemen.
FRANKLIN, 503 — Sunny front room: breakfast
and dinner: bath: gas: $16 mo.: private fam.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde A Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
LAS PALM AS. IS2O Market st..— Suite of 1 or 3
rms.; private; bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
NICE large front room, suitable for 2 youn*
men: with or without board. 451 Bryant st,
near Third.
VAN NESS «v», *50 — Handsomely furnished
front room: use carlor. ptano; Dhon*.
VAN NESS, »44 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: reasonable; modern conveniences,
CHEAPKST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. It pages, sent to any address In th*
' United Btatss. postpaid, for $1 per year.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— Furnished rooms suitable for doc-
tor, where there are no other roomers. Ad-
dresa box Mil. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes sunny furnished room
with yard room for small dog. Box 4462. Call.
SUNNY room: 10 minutes' walk from. Call;
stat* price. Box 4430. Call office.
UNFURNISHED room; about $3 or $4 a month;
middle-aged man. Box 8909. Call.
SPECIAL HOTICES.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable; take no other;
send -4e stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies." In letter by return mail: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
ROOMS papered firm! $il whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19; tel. 5520.
SEWKIG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
. piles. Standard Agency. 145 6th: phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; r*-
palring at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AM* WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post st.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
BERKIN*S van and storage, 1345 Market; tele-
phone South 535: packing, moving and storage.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the.
United State* or Canada on* year for $1.
postage paid.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 7 (25 cents
per share) of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation
Co.. will be payable at the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market St.. on and after Thursday.
March 15 1300. Transfer books will c:ose on
Saturday. March 10. 1900. at 12 o'clock m.
\ E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
WANTED In Alameda— ,_-.-.„
A new. modern house of » rooms; lot -Oxl_C;
S of Santa Clara.- W. of Willow; value not
over $5000; terms $1000 cash, large payments
each month. Address J. S. JOHNSON. »7.
Broadway. Oakland.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
' In Berkeley— Corner lot .7x150. wlta modern
house o- 8 rooms.
$500-LOT 35x135.
$1200— Fine corner; 80xl3a; all street work
done. -'*,'"
$1-50— Lot- on San Jose aye.; 50x150; offer
Suc"-!cpttage 5 rooms: lot 66x10".
$1609— Modern cottage; a rooms, porcelain
bath, etc.: lot 55x150; Pearl St.
$13,000— Most beautiful home In Alameda ;
new; II rooms: latest improvements In plumb-
ing, hot-air heater, etc.; large lot: come and se*
this property. E. D. JUDD CO., 1424 Park st.
$1130. BALANCE at less than price of rent; mw
7-room house on Everett St.. third house S. of
Lincoln .aye.: 2 blocks to local train; flne
neighborhood; sunny and convenient to busi-
ness center; nrlce $3620; worth 14500. Adtiiess
WM. P. TODD. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
J3QO WILL bux-a nice corner lot; terms.
$.800 will build first-class cottage of S room*.
with IotSA-1-0; San Antonio aye.. near Chestrut
st. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st.
FOR rent — Finely furnished 12- room house;
reautlful grounds: choicest location. Addresj
OWNER. Call office. Alameda.
$1400— CORNER lot: Santa Clara aye.; 50x150;
near Morton-st. station.
$1500— Fine lot; 60x1.0; Para St.. near the
bay; bargain.
$1000— Elegant lot. west side of Lafayette st..
near San Antonio are.; snap.
. $3200— New modern S-room house: Alameda.
avenue, near Lafayette St.: large lot.
$3500— New Colonial. 7-room cottage: Grand
tt., near Alameda aye.; easy Installment. ;
large lot: enap.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda: all th*
above can be bought on easy terms.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
-'-? ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
. . > . 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
FOR' sale— At great sacrifice If sold at once;
southeast corner Benton st. and Alameda aye..
Morton station: lot 7)1x150, with ' »-room cot-
tage S#e BEW DRUG CO. at on«*.' '
.... '
For Additional Classified Advertise,
ments See Page Thirty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 11, 1900.
29J3f*X>— TERMS to suit; fine modern 7-room
house; nice lot and neighborhood; cost J5OOO- a
enap. Address WM. P. TODD. 1070 Broad-
J2BOO— REDUCED from J3500 to assure a quick
sale; house. 7 rooms, b»th: modern in all con-
veniences; barn and outbuildings; in the finest
residence portion; lot t0xl20; flowers, lawn.
«tc. ; convenient to business center and local
trains; ;it-'j cash, balance bank mortgage.
J. S. MYERS.
10t; Broadway.
Oakland.
We have near completion a number of houses
and cottage*, which are located In the beet resi-
dence portion* of the city, combining all the
feature* and ideas of construction and skilled
labor that could make an ideal home; plans can
be seen at cur office; terms easy.
J. S. MYERS.
10C2 Broadway,
Oakland.
JSO CASH. SS monthly; chicken run of &oxJst ft.;
unnniphed new cottage. 2 rooms; chicken
yard; ali fenced; price all told J275: more land
can b* had cheap; soil, climate and water ex-
cellent, away from cold winds and fogs; grand
view; near a 60-foot- wide boulevard and elec-
tric car line: not far from a fine 3-ctory
schoolhouse: is building up fact: 4 houites al-
ready gone up on the place; Westall Tract.
adjoining Ea-t Oakland; call or send for cir-
cular. C£ Seventh ct.. nr. Broadway, Oakland.
HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LTXE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBTTRO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER BERVICB.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also New York-Hamburg Direct.
¦ v For sailing, etc. apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. J7 B'dw*y. XT.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co.'s passengers on application.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agts. for Paclflo Coast.
401 California st.. cor. Sansome, S. 7.
Shipping Intelligence.
CAP-TOME!
&».hip SAN PEDRO
(Built In 1899.)
Capacity 1000 tons. All modsra
conveniences for comfort. Ele^
trio lighted throughout.
Balling From _ '
¦AN FRANCISCO
Z — to—
NOME DIRECT
May 15, 1900
This company wt~ _a~» its «~~ >
eoxnplat* equipment for th* saf»
and expeditious laadln* of pasaea-
gersand cargo oa arrival at Nona
For Freight and Ttmtngm
Rates Apply t*
GAPE NOME STEAMSHIP 00.
(H. R. DTJFVIX & CO.. Oa-1 Agaata.)
10 Montgomery St., San Franelsco.
fourth, E 61 by N 25. being the NW quarter of
S half of lot i. block eS2. Watts Tract. Oak
land; $10.
Sarah L. Theobalds to Willard C. Bruson. lot
on B line of Boise street. 325 S of Blackstone.
B £0 by E 100. being lots 30 and 31. block A.
Dohr Tract, Berkeley: $1000.
F. W. Henshaw (executor estate Mary J.
Evoy) to John P. Beckett, all Interest in lot on
N line of Thirty-eighth street, 236.13 S- of Mar
ket. E 407.23. NE 139:6. W 407.23. S 139:6. to
beginning, being a portion of plat 37. Rancho
V. and D. Peralta: also all interest in lot on
BE corner of Market and Thirty-eighth streets.
E 593.79. S 145.01. W 492.32. S 33, W 100. N ISU
to beginning, being a portion of plat 37. Rancho
V. and D. Peralta: also all interest in lot On
NE corner of Market and Thirty-eighth streets.
E 100 by N 139:8. being a portion of plat 36.
C. L and Mary Maxwell to F. H. Kennedy,
lot on NE line of Chicago avenue. SB.2S SE
of Watson avenue, SE 100 by NE 125. being lots
17 and 18, Lake Merrltt Park. East Oakland:
110.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Teresa Winter, the N one-third lot 64, plat 40.
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland Township;
$22.
Elmer E. Nichols to Rosa.M. Shattuck. lot
on E line of lot 8. block 3. Map of Property of
College Homestead Association. 135 S of Chan
nlng way. S 165 by W 50. being a portion of
lot 6 block 3, Map of/ Property of College
Homestead Association. Berkeley; $10.
J. F. and S»rah J. Crops to IJ. E. Babb, lot
on N line of Parsons street. 510 E of Park. E
40. N 88 6S W 40. S to beKinnlnc. being the E
40 feet of lot 22. block C Gaskill Tract, Oak
land; $10.
E. Chope to Lizzie C. Naismlth (wife of
James S.), lot on SE 11ns of Waisworth avenue.
330 NE of Bayo Vista. NE 70 by SE US. being
the NE 79 feet of lot 7. block C. Linda. Vista
Terrace, Oakland: jrlft.
Robert and Mary Hansen to Carl Doell. lot
16 and adjoining 5 feet of lot 17, block U Ther
mal Hill, formerly th» How* Tract. Oakland:
?10. ¦>
E, A. Johnson (administrator of th« ••tate
of Peter Johnson) to W. H. Maekinnon. all in
terest In lot 91. Kimball Tract. Oakland: $17«.
Grace A. McGinn to same, the 8 60 feet of
lot 4, block (S3, Watts Tract Map X Oakland;
$10.
R. and Mary Romo to A. M, BaUnger. lot on
N line of Twenty-second street, 100 W of Brush.
W», N 10O:«. E 80, thence 113:9 to beginning,
block. C. Curtis & Williams Tract. Oakland;
$10.
George and Marram A. Childs to Henry O.
Chllds. undivided eighth Interest in lot on w
line of Grove street. 60 N ot Eleventh, N 80 Mr
W 100 lots 19 20 and a portion of lot 23. block
154. Oakland;' $10.
Mrs. C. Dickinson Bmlth (also known as Ce
celia D. Smith) to Isabel B. Abreico, all inter
est In lot on NW line of Ninth avenue. 122:4
SW of East Twelfth street. SW 27:« by NW
110, portions of lots It to 17, block 34. Clinton.
East Oakland; $5.
Isabel B. Abrero to James Telfar, all sama;
$5w
James and Nellie Leonard to J. A. Marshall,
lot on S line of Ward street. 157.5 W of Tele
jrraph avenue, W 60 by S 134.4, being lot 7.
block F. Leonard Tract, Berkeley: $100.
Joseph and Sarah H. R. Hume to Llllie Clark,
lot on W line of Ellsworth street, 150 N of
I>w!ght way. N 40 by W 150. a portion of lot
4. block 4. College Homestead. Berkeley: $2000.
J. A. Eastman. Oakland Loan and Investment
Company, San Francisco and Oakland Mutual
Loan Association and J. Jay Buck (by M. T.
Holcomb, commissioner) to Emily K. Latham,
lot 6, block E, Latham Terrace, Brooklyn
Township; $630.
Charles Babb to Silas Ingalls. lot on B Una
of Lilly street, 200 E of Channlne (or Canning),
B 60 by S 100, block M, Roberts & Wolfskin
Tract, map 3, Oakland, being the same prop
erty acquired by tax sale No. 2C3; $73.
Jacob Salom to Dora Mosbacher (w lrs or
Emanuel), lot 10. block D. map of lands of Oak
land View Homestead Association, portion of
Waisworth 100-acre tract, Oakland (quitclaim
deed); $10.
Dora and Emanuel Mosbacher to F. O. Jones,
lot 10 block D, map of lands of Oakland view
Homestead Associatlcn. Oakland; $10.
Maurice and Leah Corlensen to same, all In
terest in lot 9. block D, Oakland View Home
stead Association, portion of Waisworth 100
acre tract. Oakland; $10.
H. C. and Nellie O. Babcock to A. O. XT. w.
Hall Association of Temple Lodge (corporation),
lot on NE corner of Vernon and Telegraph ave
nues, E 1M.15, NE 60. W 109.23. S 60.M to begin
nlns. portion of lot 23. map of Temescal Park.
Oakland; $10.
country during the colonial period, either
in the founding of a commonwealth or of
an institution which has survived and de
veloped into Importance, or who shall
have held an important position in the
colonial Government, and who, by dis
tinguished services, shall have contributed
to the founding of this great and power
ful nation." Services rendered after 1776
do not entitle to membership, but are ac
cepted for supplemental applications.
There Is no admission except through
colonial ancestry. - •
GREAT WALL OF CHlNA— Subscriber,
City. The great wall of China, called by
the Chinese Wan-11-chang (myriad mile
wall), was built by Che Hwang-te, who is
known as the "Universal Emperor." It
was commenced in 214 B. C. by this Em
peror, who discovered that the northern
States of Thsin, Chaou and Yen were
building lines of fortifications for protec
tion against the incursions ol the Heung
noo, and he conceived the idea of build
ing a great wall to stretch across the en
tire northern limit of the vast empire from
the sea to the far western corner of the
modern province of Kahn-suh. It extends
from three and a half to fifteen degrees
west of Peking, and It was carried over
the highest hills, through the deepest val
leys, across rivers ana over natural ob
stacles. The length of the great barrier
is 1259 miles. There are four different
kinds of masonry In various parts of it,
but the most important portion consists
of two parallel walls of burned brick, the
interval between them being filled up with
clay, ¦ stone and brickbats. Including a
parapet of five feet, the total height ot
the wall is 20 feet, 25 feet thick at the
base and 15 feet at the top. There were
erected bastions upon it at distances of
about 100 yards from 30 to 40 feet in
height. The wall commences at a coast
town known as Shanhal K'wan, runs
along the shore for several miles, termin
ating on the beach near a long reef. From
that point its course is west, tending a
little to the north till it strikes the Yel
low River. Beyond it goes nearly west
till It strikes the Yellow River again and
then goes in a northwestern direction to
its termination near Kraya K'wan. At
one place it runs over a peak 5225 feet
high. The wall Is most visited at Nan-
Kan In the Ku-Yung Pass, a remarkable
Thermopylae, fifteen miles in length,
which leads from the plain at Peking up
to the first terrace above It and at one'
time guarded by five additional walls and
gates, now all in ruins. The main wall in
many places now Is a mass of rubbish.
IRON AND STEEL— M.. City. Muriatic
acid will "cut" iron and steel and it will
also dissolve, both metals.
COIN LISTS— A. B. R., Austin. Nev.
Any first-class book seller can procure
you a catalogue of rare coins.
r THE COMMISSION— J. F., City. The
Civil Service Commissioners under the
new charter were named December 30,
1899.,
QUICKSILVER— P. B. S., Amelia, Kern
County, Cal. Quicksilver on -the 23d of
October, IS9B, was $41 per flask for local
and $37 for export.
TO SOUTH AFRICA— A. S., Anthony
House, Nevada County, Cal. There are
passenger steamers between New York
and Cap e Town, S. A. The vessels belong
to the South African line.
NO DUTY ON TEA— G. A. 0.. Still
water, Cal. There Is no custom duty on
tea imported Into the United States, but
there la a war revenue tax of 10 cents per
pound by the act of IS9B.
A NOTE— X. Y. Z., City. In this State
a promissory note lives four years after
maturity, if executed in the State and
two years if executed without the State.
Part payment does not prolong the life of
the note.
TO PARIS— J. H., Falrfleld, CaL No
special rates in connection •with the Paris
Exposition this year have been announced
as between San Francisco and New York.
There will be excursion rates from New
York varying from $145 to $1100.
CALIFORNIA POKER-S.. City. In
California the game of poker Is played
according to the rules of the establish
ment in which the game is carried on.
In the absence of such rules a straight
generally beats three and a flush beats a
straight.
NUMISMATIC BANK— A. B. R.. Austin,
Nev. This department does not- answer
questions affecting the reliability of busi
ness firms. For an answer to the question
about the numismatic bank of Boston.
Mass., write to the Bank Commissioners
of Massachusetts.
IN THE NAVY— H. B. R.. City. A
minor of the age of 18 cannot enlist as an
apprentice In the United States navy;
therefore, all the questions propounded in
the letter of inquiry and based upon the
presumption that the party was of that
age at the time he sought to enlist fall.
TRAVEL PAY— C. W. 8., Verdi, Nev
ada. . It was proposed to Introduce a bill
during the present session of Congress
to allow all soldiers who returned from
tho Philippines travel pay, but the pro
moters of the bill finding that It would
not meet with support did not present It.
RAINFALL IN OAKLAND— S., Mar
tinez, Cal. The rainfall in Oakland In
March, 1599, was 12.16. The total rainfall
for that year was 24.04. These are the fig
ures of the Weather Bureau. Another ob
server who has a station near the hills
gives the figures: For March, 11.35; for
the season, 25.
JUPITER— A. S. G.. Berkeley, CaL The
planet Jupiter travels from the sun. ex
ceeding the earth five and a half times or
a mean distance of 475,692.000 miles. His
sidereal revolution is completed in 4322.5848
days or eleven years 314.92 days. His
synostical period or the interval separat
ing his mean return to opposition has a
mean value of 398.867 days.
AT MARE ISLAND-K., Vallejo. Cal.
Those who seek employment in thoe>e
branches of the service at Mare Island
that come under the United States civil
service rules should make application to
the secretary- of the labor employment
bureau at the navy yard, and from hlrn
receive application blanks and such Infor
mation as la required by the applicant.
HORSEBACK ETIQUETTE— W. T.,
Noyo, Mendoclno County, Cal. The rule
of horseback etiquette Is that the gentle
man shall keep to the right of the lady
or ladies and shall open all gates they
may have to pass through. If on the road
an obstruction is met so that tho horse
back party can move only in single file,
the gentleman should precede, but should
not get too far away from the ladies in
his charge.
TRANSLATED WORKS— A. 8., City.
The works of Shakespeare cannot Bound
better In any language than they do in
English. No matter how well translated
the force of the English cannot be con
veyed in a foreign language, consequently
it cannot be translated. The idea of an
English sentence may be translated, but
the beauty of the sentence may be lost
In the translation.
POSTAGE STAMPS— W. H.. Carson
City, Nev. Postage stamps were first in
troduced in the United States in 1847 by
the postal authorities, but they did not
come Into general use until ISSo, when it
was required that letters should be pre
paid. Stamped envelopes were first fur
nished in 1852 and postal cards In 1872.
In 1545 there were provisional issues of
stamps and stamped envelopes In New
York. Providence and St. Louis.
THE ASTOR BATTERY— C. D. L., City.
The Astor Battery was mustered in at
New York, and It had Its headquarters
in a house on Spring street owned by John
Jacob Astor. The battery left for San
Francisco on the way to the Philippines
on the Bth of June, 1898, after having been
in New York quarters between two and
three weeks. The battery left the Philip
pines for San Francisco December 15, IS9S,
on the steamer Senator.
IN THE PHILIPPINES— R. 8., City.
The number of American troops in the
Philippines about the middle of last
February was 65,000. The cost of the war
in those islands at that time was for the
army about 1178,000 and the navy about
$46,000 daily. For Information about those
who died in the service of the country
since the Filipinos and the Americans
became involved In hostilities write to the
War Department, Washington, D. C.
AN ORDER FOR GOODS— C. P.. Pre
sidio, Cal. A paper on which is printed
"Selma, Marlon and Memphis Railroad
Co., Alabama, March Ist. 1871, pay to
bearer two dollars in merchandise at tleir
store," and signed by the president. Is
worth Its face Value In" goods if the com
pany is still in existence and it never re
pudiated Its obligation. If not, the order
is worth what some collector of cunos
would be willing to pay for It, as such
have not any market value.
SCHOOL OF INDUSTRY— P., Oakland.
Cal. At the Preston School of Industry,
located half a mile from lone, Amador
County, the boys are divided into eight
grades according to mental capacity and
they are given an education commensur
ate with the time they spend in the insti
tution. In the industrial department each
boy is given the opportunity to gain a
knowledge of some vocation, which will
be of practical assistance to him in after
life and help him to earn living wages
soon after he leaves the school.
MECHANICS* PAVILION-^S., City. At
the time that the Mechanics' Pavilion was
built in this city, the cost was about $53,
000. The seating capacity of the building
is "elastic." It depends what part of the
structure or rather how much Is fitted up
with seats. It has seated more than SOGO
during the Christian Endeavor sessions.
The standing capacity is also "elastic," .as
It would depend upon the conditions. Jf
the idea was to fill the entire building,
when clear of obstruction, It Is likely ihat
from 15,000 to 18,000 could be crowded Into
the space.
CAPE 3 COLONY— M.-C, City. "What Is
known as Cape Colony was established by
the Dutch in 1652, some attempts at a set
tlement having previously t been made by
Portuguese. The country was finally
taken possession of by the British in 1806.
The Transvaal was Independent until 1877.
In 1877-81 it was British territory. After
the battle of Majuba the flag of the re
public was once more hoisted and in the
early part of ISSI Great Britain recognized
the Independence of the republic. After
18S6 the influx of British subjects into the
Transvaal was such that they outnum
bered the Boers. There is no way of as
certaining how much Oom Paul is worth.
COLONIAL. DAMES-Subscriber, City.
Under the constitution of the National So
ciety it Is : prescribed . that - the . member*
shall be women "who are descended In
their . own right . from some , ancestor of
worthy; life ' who ? came to '.reside ¦ in : :. an
American colony prior to 1750, 'which 'an
cestor.' or some ' one .of his descendants,
being a lineal ascendant of the applicant,
shall have rendered efficient service to his
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS IN BERKELEY HOMES.
H. D. IRWlN— Office H. R. Waiting Room.
OI'KX SUNDAYS.
JlO50 — 4 good rooms, bath; hot and cold water;
lot 50xls:i; nice garden; chicken houses, etc.;
only half block from station.
Sl»;— il.«Jern 6-room house; hot and cold
water, bath; brirk foundation: near car line;
jISOO— A perfept pern: thoroughly modern; well
constructed: 6 room cottage: up-to-date plumb-
Jnn ¦ porcelain hath on-i sink; tiling; tinted
¦u-r.!ls; «re»-t work done: near train, care,
school, churches aiid Mores: terms.
H. V. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriace licenses have been Issued as follows:
John B. Hanson. S2. 266 Te-nth street, and
Christina M. Peterson, 24, 266 Tenth street.
Andrew Evensen, 21. 1619 Alabama Etreet, and
Rosetta Cordes. 1». 215 Day street.
hama: stmr Nippon Mara, from San Francisco,
via Honolulu and Yokohama.
GENOA— Sailed March 10— Stmr Tray*. for
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed March 10 — Stmr Taurio.
for New York: gtmr Campania, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed March 10— Stmr La Gas
cosne lor New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed March 10— Stmr Noord
land for New York.
LONDON— Sailed March 10— Stmr Marquett*.
NAPLES— Arrived March 10— Stmr AJler.
from New York, for Genoa.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
O AICLAXD rntMTIIRE FOR SALK.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
O.tKLAM) ROOMS.
ET'NNY rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
ing; J« up. Hotel Shasta. 1224 Broadway.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEES.
" FOR U. S. HAvfTARTiSin^
Steamer **Montic«n«.**
MON., Tuea.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at ¦-<¦
ta Sr s^ **
FABE •••-- • •• — — ••
There Is an old church In Waukeean
Wis.. which has no steeple, because of a
court mandate forbidding such a construc-
tion. In 1862 a severe storm swept over
the town, hurling .. the original spire
against the house next door, and wreck-
ing it. The owner of the house got out
an injunction, restraining the trustees of
the church from building another -«plre
and this order has held for thirty-eight
years. . -
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to HIS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and lubscrlstlons received.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
It r»fe«. In wrapper, for mallinr. tl per Tear.
)<5OO WILL buy new modern house. 12 rooms;
fine improvements; large stable. U2O Eighth
me., Oakland; keys next door south.
fHIPIIMfJI Th * s " 8 - Maripoaa,
[3SMHIX Ba!Is Tla Honolulu and
k Ml Auckland for Sydney
_ —^. Wednesday. March li.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Boca.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
1. 0. sritiCKELS & BROS. CO.. AgU.. 114 Mantfttwri
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. FreioM Mice. 327 Kvfcat St.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss J Foley, Sacto W H Taylor; Sacto
J C Harris, Fresno W Chirm, Vallejo
J Ross, Marysville T White, 8 Jose
J J Buchanan, Sacto J T Bryan &w, Cal
J OgTen, Chicago C White & w, Mass
II B Brunswick, Cal C Watson, Cal
A P Tugwell &w, Wn J L Brown, Cal
G Cushman, Or H Maxwell, Cal
H V.' Aiken. B C B C Freeman, Wash
E B Tilton. 11l |
PALACE HOTEL.
C D Brownell. U S.A A X Howe, New Tork
L A Bostlck. USA W H Chisholm. Dawsn
C A Duulap, SS Solace H R Lacey. Pasadena
Mrs Dunlap. SS Solace Mrs Lacey, Pasadena
T P Dunne, Chicago W A Patterson. Mich
J P Grier. Chicago Mrs Paterson, Mich
W Orr, New York W S Patterson, Mich
W H Tubbs, Hartford J B Gould, Oakland
O P Burrows. Conn 8 H Horton. Pasadena
G H Pennell. Kans W P Veuve. L Ang
L D James. Mass Mrs Veuve, L Ang
Mrs James. Mass M W Helntz. Utah
J H Harrcolt. Nev C C Moorhus. SutterCr
II Weed, Buffalo J X Harmon, Chicago
F A Brass. New York Mrs W Johnson, Chgo
Mrs Wheaton, R I W Wallis & w, Wls
J T Templeton, Mo Mrs L P Austin, Wis
Mrs J A Wlnolt. N V J S XOnnon & w . Ohio
Miss Winolt. NY L Auerbach. Boston
W A Hooklns. R I AN Wlnslow. Boston
Mrs Hooklns. R I Mrs Unch. Fresno
Miss T Flint. Ohio Mies Urich. Fresno
E Holden. New Jersey D J Johnson. Ohio
Mis Holden. N Jersey C H Lynebersr. N V
G H Howe. Ohio R F Chapman & w
Mrs Howe, Ohio Buffalo
W P Rosenbaum. N V Mrs S B Howard, Pa
M W Flournoy, L Ang Mrs A F Marshall. Pa
J B Sharpe. N V Mrs F T Downing, Pa
Mrs Mason. New York Miss Downing, Pa
GRAND HOTEL.
M N Kimhall, Sacto W M Parker, Cal
Mrs J T Wheeler, Stkn H Rose, Stanford
C J Christopher, Mo Miss G Swank, S Rosa
M X Elliott, S Rosa Mrs. Swank, 8 Rosa
C J Coer, Oxnard W H Bryan, Cal
C C Webber, S Rosa G H Foster & w, 8 R
L D Hyde, Berkeley C llgenfrltz, M 6
I C Henshaw. Berkeley G G Llnch, N V
VV A Morrissey, Stkn A Thornton, . N V
T Leith, Sacto J T Smithers, N T
J T Sheehan, P Alto II E Rooklldge. Chio
C M Bradley, P Alto G P Stacey, Chicago
Mrs Haight. S Rosa R W Spier &w, N T
F Dyer, Pasadena C F Chase & w, Cal
G Butterworth &w, TTn W H Pomeroy &w. Mo
E A Donahue, Fresno H A Campbell, Cal
A D Paerson, Fresno C B Jones, Berkeley
Dr W Cross, Vlsalla W G Morrison, Cal
J M Evans &w. Cal E M Chadbourne, Cal
H Warren, Nevada J Chrlstlanson &w, Cal
G W Bummerfleld, Nev B Abbers, Or
H B Sharp, Mont R Fogg, Stanford
J T Grace, S Rosa tl 8 Morrison, Stanford
,J W Alston. Stanford T McKee, USS Solace
C P Allen. Stanford J Rlley. U S 8 Solace
F W Bancroft. Cal W S Tinning, Cal
J A Schaefer, Cal C F Colman, Stkn
C Sill. Stanford G T Williams. Cal
Mrs Tralnor, Sacto . J Cunningham, Vallejo
Mlbs Rtephenson, P A E Smith Jr. Stanford
Miss Julian, S Diego IC Brown. San Pablo
J Baruch, Denver IH Werthan, Chicago
E J Curson, L Ang V Phillips, B C ¦
P H Michener, L Ang J W Mahoney, B C
A C Hlckron. Sacto H C Rcss & w, Sacto
J C Chase. L Ang t\' H Raymond. Cal
J T Wilson. L Ang R R Baker, Mo
R B Butler, Fresno F W Bennett, Cal
C L Galvln, Reddlns Mrs Harris &d. Wls
B Hodcman &: w. Va S D Smith, Stkn
E C Cheasty. Wash H Crandall, Wis .
MiM Doyle, Wash E H Qulmby, Mo - •
A M Cooners, Cftl J Booskln & w, 8 Jos*
E A Curtis, L Ang Mrs Hubbard. Vallelo
Mrs Cunningham. Cal G Bancroft, Cln
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, March 10.
Stmr TlUamook. Anflndsen. 100 hours from
Tlllamook.
Stmr Sunol. Green. 135 hours from Grays
Harbor. >
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson, hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. 17 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Noyo, Hansen, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pedersen. U0 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Br bark Inveresk, Hughes, 7» days from New
castle. NSW.
Bktn W H Dimond. Nilson. 1» days from
Honolulu.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson. S days from Eu
reka.
CLEARED.
Saturday, March 10.
Stmr Orizaba. Hlnkle, Eureka; GoodalL Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Acapulco, Cattarlnlch, Panama, etc;
Pacific Mail SS Co.
Aus stmr Slam, Valentine, Manila; U B Gov
ernment.
Er stmr Carlisle City, Aitken. Hongkonr. via
San Diego: California & Oriental S S Co.
Br ship Combermere. Burnard, Queenstown;
Balfaur. Guthrle & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, March 19.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen. Usat
Stmr Orizaba. Hlnkle. Eureka.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Diero.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen. Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoclno.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr AcaDulco. Cattarlnlch. Panama.
Stmr Signal. Bendegard, Coos Bay.
Whaling stmr William Baylies. Cottle, whal
ing voyage.
Tug Rescue. Thomsen, Eureka.
Br ship Cromdale. Slbley, Queenstown.
Br ship General Gordon. Summers. Queans
town.
Bark Harry Morse. Fullerton. Astoria.
Ger bark Paul Isenberg, Kruse. Queenstowa.
Schr Bessie K. Nlelson. Coqullle River.
SPOKEN.
March «, lat 9 N, lon 5 W— Br ship FOTta
vlot, from Tacoma, for Antwerp.
MISCELLANEOUS.
BALTIMORE, ilarch 9— Ship Roaaoke. pre
viously reported aground, got off this after
noon, after discharging 1000 tons of coal. Is
below the channel now reloading.
Schr 8 Danlelson. previously reported ashore
at Sluslaw River, has been floated. The dam
age, if any, has not yet been ascertained.
MEMORANDUM.
' Per stmr Noyo — The whistling- buoy at Ban
ders Reef In not In position.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS. March 10, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 4 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived March »-Schr
TwiUcht. from San Pedro.
POINT LOBOS— Passed March H. S p m—
Haw stmr Ban Mateo, from Nanalmo, for Port
Angeles.
U SAL— Arrived March 10— Stmr Jfavarro.
hence March 9.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed March 9— Stmr Alca
zar, for Port Harford.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed March 10— Stmr Alca
traz, for San Francisco: itmr Noyo. for San
Francisco.
Arrived March 10 — Schr Barbara HernsteT.
hence March a. -
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed March 10—
Stmr Ruth, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived March »— Stmr Empire.
hence March 7.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 9— Br stmr Port
Stephens, from Manila. March 10— Jajs itmr
Nanyo Maru. from Port Townsend; stmr Mack
inaw, hence March 6.
Sailed March 10— Stmr ¦Willamette, for Ban
Francisco; etmr Maweema, for San Francisco;
Br ship Engelhorn. for Queenstown.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived March 10-Schr
Marion, hence Feb 24. for repairs.
CRESCENT ClTY— Sailed aMrch 10-6tmr
Aloha, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWXSEXD-Arrfved March 10-Schr
John A Camr>tx>ll. hence March 1; achr Mar
lon, hence Feh 24.
Sailed March 10 — Ja» etmr Nanyo Maru, for
Seattle: bktn Kllkltat. for Honolulu.
Sailed inward March 10— Ship St Nicholas, for
Seattle.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed March 10— V S ttmr
lowa, for San Francisco; U S stmr Bear, for
San Francisco, i
PORT . LUDLOTV- Sailed March 10— Schr
Marie X Smith, for Honolulu.
EUREKA— SaiIed March 10— Schr Stanley, for
San Francisco; schr Occidental, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived . March 10 — Etmr Aloha, from Cres
cent City.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SUVA— Arrived Feb 7— Schr C A Tbayer.
from Grays Harbor.
NOUMEA — Arrived March a_g c hr James
Rolph. from Port Blalteley.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived March »— Bchr
Honoiriu, from Launceston.
Sailed March 9— Bark Carrollton. for Ka
hului.
-HlLO— Arrived Feb 18— Schr J D Tallant,
from Port Gamble.
Sailed Feb 23— Haw bark Andrew Welch, for
San Francisco. Feb 28— Schr W F Wltzemana.
for Port Townsend.
- HARWlCH— Arrived March 7— Br ihlD The
Hahnemann. from Oreson.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived March »-Br ship
Blalrrowrle, from Tncoma.
LONDON— Sailed March 9— Br ship City of
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NETW YORK— Arrived ; March 10— Stmr Etru
ria,. from Liverpool: stmr L'Aquttalne. from
Havre. . -..-, .
Sailed March 10 — Stmr Pretoria, for Hamburg,
via Plymouth: stmr Maasdam. for Rotterdam,
via : Boulogne: etmr Werra, for Naples, etc;
stmr Lncanla. for Liverpool. .
HONGKONG— Arrired prior to March 10—
Stmr Alsroa. : from • San ' Francisco, via Yoko
- - BREMERHAVEN — Sailed March 10— Stmr
Darmstadt, for New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ella D. and Geneva Cohen to Wlckersham
Banking Company, lot on S line of Clay street.
250 E of Drumm. E 25 by 8 119:6. quitclaim
deed; $10.
John Flanairan to Bridget Flanagan, lot on
SE line of Clementina street, 75 NE of Ninth.
NE 25 by SE 75: $10.
William and Jennie Helblngr to Samuel Wyatt,
lot on W line of Kansas street. 40 N of Nine
teenth (Butte). N 25 by W 100; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Phebe Hoyt. lot on
E line of Tenth avenue, IEO S of X street. &
37:6 by E 120: $10.
James P. and Margaret Dermody to Mazgl*
Egan, lot on W line of Forty-fourth avenue,
200 N of L street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Robert E. and Jane M. Nell, Stella W. and
Edwin M. Prentice to Kate and Nellie Long,
lot on E line of Forty-seventh avenue. 225 8
of S street, B 25 by E 240; $10.
Bridget Maloney to Eliza A. Land, lots 20
and 2L Sears Subdivision West End Map 2;
Sift.
John, L. and Margaret J. Ferren to F. A.
Davis, lot on E line of Victoria street. 100 N
of Railroad avenue, N 60 by E 100, lots 11 and
12, block 40, City Land Association; $5.
John B. Loucbran to Francis J. Sullivan,
lot on S line of Garfleld street. E0 E of Bright.
X 60 by S 100, lots 27 and 23, block 66, same;
$10.
C. W. C. and Emellne D. Gasklll to Charles
C. H. Petersen, lot on NE line of Twentieth
avenue. 150 SE of J Etreet. SE 75 by NE 100.
block SS9 South San Francisco Homestead; $10.
Honora' Brennan to Giacomo Martorella and
Giuseppe Mibelll, lot on SE corner of Pope and
Cross streets, lot 33, Bernal Homestead Asso
ciation; $10.
Margaret B. Searles to Hattle L. Searles. lot
on E line of Hollla street, 80 N of Ellis, N 23. E
»0, S 3, W 25, 8 20, W 65; elft.
John B. and Almeda S. Gonyeau (Harrington)
to Alice Schmledell (wife of E. G.), lot on NE
corner of Washington and Steiner streets, E 23
by N 102:SVi: $10.
Mary T. Roach to same, lot on N line of
Washington street, 25 E of Stelner, E 22 by N
102:8 Vi; *10.
Edward W. and Emelle Runyon to Andrew
Nilson, lot on W line of Devisadero street, 100
N of Bußh. N 75 by W 100; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Maria
S. Hlllebrand (wife of A.), lot 22, block 2, Mar
lon Tract (Hospital Lot): $10.
Rudolph L. Proll to John Hart, lot on W line
of Lexington avenue (Stevenson street), 110 . S
of Nineteenth, S £0 by W 70; $10.
Jane A. Ingalls to George T. Hawley, lot on
SE corner of Elizabeth and Bellevue streets,
E 125 by S 64; $10.
Dora Dewing to Edward G. Dulsenbenr, lot
on S line of California street, 25 W of Mason.
W 25:6 by S 60; $10.
Elizabeth and William Kehoe to Rosenna
Travers, lot on SE line of Tehama street, 157
SW of First, SW 25 by SE 75; $10.
Estate ot Joseph L. Walling, minor (by Oscar
T. Walling, guardian) to Henrietta Lacey, un
divided one quarter of lot on SE line of Perry
street, 425 SW of Fourth. SW 25 by SE SO; $450.
Victor L. and Marie Hiron to same, same; $10.
Ann M. McMahon ot Mary A. Crockett, lot on
E line of Clinton street, 75 S of Brannan, S 25
by E SO: cift. ,
Samuel A. Sanderson vs. Mones Ellis and
others (by Georee D. Toy, referee) to Moses
Kills, lot on N corner of Bryant and Eighth
streets, NE 103:l l ,i by NW 137:6, referes's deed;
$12,000.
Joseph B. Coryell to John E. and Frederick
E. Mason, undivided one-half Interest in the
following— lot on NW corner of Fifteenth (El
Dorado) and Utah streets. N ,r-9, r -9 by W 100; also
lot on W line of Utah street. 40 N of Seven
teenth (Santa Clara), N 10 by W 100; also lot
on W line of Vermont street. 100 N of Sixteenth
(Center), N 30 bj' W 100; also lot on E line of
Kansas rtreet. 200 N of Sixteenth. N 81:9, SE
6S:2Vi, SE 20:5%. S to a point, thence at right
angles to beginning; $10.
Jacob J. and Julia M. Raver to aame, lot on
E line of Kansas street, 200 N of Seventeenth,
N 81:9. S of East 63:2V4, SE 20:8%. 8 29:354.
thence 66 feet, quitclaim deed; $10.
John Lloyd (as assignee James Ltnforth. John
and L. 1 8. Bensley, Llnforth, Kellers & Co.,
bankrupts) to Bertrand G. Chandos. Lucy
Rountree, Jennie Goodrich, Sarah E. Hardesty,
same; $1. •
Joseph B. Coryell to Ernest E. and Margaret
Hmmcrmann, lot on . SW corner of Sixteenth
(Center) and Utah streets, W 100 by S 66; $10.
Thomas Ryan to Solomon Getz. lot on S line
of I street, 107:6 E of Forty-eighth avenue, E
25 by S 100; $10.
William Q. and Mary A. Pope to Charles W.
Pope, lot on E line of Forty-fourth avenue. 225
N of M street. N B0 by E 120; $10.
Bettle H. and Margaret Bloknell to Itma.cz
N. Elsenberst, lot on W line of Larkin street,
27:5»,i S of Clay. S 60 by W 100; $7000.
John D. Hunter to Guy C. and Florentine E.
Muller, lot on N line of Green street. 103 W of
Larkin, W 34:6 by N 108:9H: $10.
Harry W. Ooodall to William J. and Annie,
E. Smale, lot on S line of McAllister street,
105 W of Stelner. W 25 by S 137:6: $10.
Thomas Rychold to Charles Casassa. lot on
NW corner of Fell and Scott streets. W 25 by
N 100; $10.
Estate of Henry E. Smith (by William T.
and Bridget S. Smith, executors) to Timothy
J. and Mary Sullivan, lot on W line of Harri
son street, 100 N of Twenty-first. N 25 by W
122:6; $2000. '
Giovanni and Gulgla Talert to Luld Nun
zlato, lot on S line of Broadway, 112:6 W of
Montgomery." W2sby S 70; $8000. ,
Stephen Throwell to Mary. Kate and Delia
Throwell, lot on E corner of Bryant street and
Center place, NE 25 by SB SO; gift.
John Center to Edward D. Fallon, lot on NE
corner of San Bruno avenue (Nebraska) and
Eighteenth (Solano) street, N 37:6 by E 100; $10.
James L. and Lulu B. Wilson to American
Surety Company of New York, lot on N line of
California street, 82:6 E of Twenty-fourth ave
nue, E 25 by N J00; $10.
Mary J. and Charles M. Dexww to same, lot
on X line of Twenty-eighth avenue, 245 B of
Point Lobon. S 90 by E 120; $10.
Geonre D. Hendry to James H. Kavanairh.
lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 250 N of Fulton
(D) street. N B0 by E 120. quitclaim deed; $10.
i William D. Farrell to Thomas E. Rvan. lot
on N line of T street, 82:6 E of Forty-second
avenue, E 60 by N 100; also lot on W line of
Forty-fourth avenue, 175 N of T street, N'73
by W 120; HO.
Rosanna M. Dodge to John Lews Dodge, lot
on E line of London street. -250 N of Russia.
N 60 by X 100, block 11, Excelsior Homestead;
$10. ,
Faul V. Finch to Henry F. Blanchet Jr.. re
record =1850 D. 822. lots 2 to 4. 24. 27 to 29. 32 to
39, block 5. lots 1 to 18. 38 to 41 and 44. block
6. lots 1 to 14, block 7, Garden Tract Home
stead Addition: also portion of block 7. com
mencing on S corner of San Brano and Paul
avenues. SE 152:5%. SW 73, KW 95:11>4, N
91.SU :;J3373. ¦,
J. S. Angus.' T.'Gv Crothers and W. S. Good
fellow (executors of estate of .Tames G. Fair)
to James Sedrwlck. lot on W line of Bennlnr
ton street. 73 S of Ellert. S 25 by W 100. lot 15
block 7, Fair's Subdivision of Holly Park; $275.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara- H.Blanchet to Ameri
cus V. Pott°r. lot on E line of Ware street
323 S of Paul, S 25 by E 100, block C. Garden
Tract; $10.
¦ ElUa J. and Henry N. McChesney to Ed
ward F." McChesney, ¦ lot on : W-. line of - Arch
rtreet. 450 N of Sherman. N 100 by W 100 lots
27 to 30. block 32. City, Land Association; JL
Alameda County.
Francis McGinn to Grace "A. McGinn, all in
terest In lot 4. block 652, ; Watts . Tract, Map t
•Ernest A. and Elizabeth D.- Heron to Leo L. ;
Nichols, lot 84." block. F. Linda Vista Terrace
Map 2. Oakland: $10. ; ? . : -; ;^TT'
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to &. N. Golds
by, lot on N line of Thirty-fifth street. 706 w
of Telegraph avenue, "W S7:« by N 120:3, Oak
land : $10. 'n'.l i Jljrfcliiii|j|jMii%_i
-, Walter •I* McGinn" to Grace A. ' McGinn, lot
on E Una of Adeline street, 825 N of Thirty-
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
YOT" ttill have a chance to make money by
buying Berkeley proj>erty.
Ju*t because th<* owner Is hard up and needs
money we arc sellir.K lots within eight of the
university, size i"xl4l, for 1400.
MASON <- MfLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley.
A THOROUGHLY vcll-built houpe of nine
rooms, with all nrwiern conveniences, gas,
etc ; Jot SIxl60: near the university : prlre SJOCO.
MASON * McLENATHKN.
Adjoining P. 0., lierkeley.
EHAND-NTW I-story residence of 7 rooms;
Hoicolain bath and basement with stationary
tubs. etc. : food cor. lot. 3<>xllO; cor. Ruswll
and Wheeler sts.. Berkeley; Ju?t completed
and a bargain. Address or call on ALDEN
CO.. Ill* Broadway, Oakland.
$C:O— GOOD 6-room cottage; lot 40x100: good well
cf water; 3 blocks from station and electric
cars; only J75 each, balance JlO monthly. Take
l>rk»ley train, get off at Lorin, ask for RU-
PdLPH & PERKINS.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LEVY— In this city. March 8. 1900. George F..
beloved husband of Gertrude Levy, and son
of Jacob and Margaret Levy, a nttlve of
Florida, aged 35 years and 4 months.
ICTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral 'to-morrow (Monday), at 2
©"clock, from his late residence. 1311H Pine
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LEVY— In this city, March 8, 1900. Julius Levy,
a native of Germany, aged 57 years 1 month
and 17 days. •
ETFrtends and acquaintances and members
of Germania Lodge No. 116, I. O. O. F., are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
Masonic Temple, corner Post and Montgom-
ery streets, where the funeral services will
be held under the auspices of Hermann Lodge
No. 127. F. and A. M. Remains at the par-
lors of Theo. Dierks. 957 Mission street.
LEWIS— In this city, March 10, 1900, Mary C,
beloved wife of James H. Lewis, and daugh-
ter of Mrs. Ann McMahon, a native of San
Francisco, aeed 43 years.
LOESCH-In this city, March 9, 1900, Charles
Loesch, beloved father of Frank and Albert
Loeßch, Mrs. W. M. Schoene, Mrs. H. Heck
and Mrs. J. F. Schwltzer. a native of Ger-
many, aged S3 years 10 months and 12 days.
(Eastern papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street,
thence, to Red Mpii's Hall, SlO Bush street,
where services will be held coramencine at
2 o'clock, under the- auspices of San Francisco
Starr.m No. 246, U. O. R. M., and Yerba
Buena Laser No. 8, U. O. R. M. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LOGAN— In this city, March », 1900, George
William, infant son of George T. and Dorothy
Logan, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 day.
LUEDTKE— In this city, March 9. 19C0. Ma-
thllde Luedtke. beloved mother of Mrs. F.
Kruse. Mrs. L. H. G. Haensel and Paul
Luedtke, a native of Chemnlts, Sachsen,
Germany, aged £3 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maa«i>. 917 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
McGREGOR— In this city, March 10, 1900, Jane,
dearly beloved wife of John Flndlay Mo-
Gregor, a native of Keith, Bamffshir*. Boot-
land, aged 62 years. (Scotch papers pleas*
copy.)
lE7" Friends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 406
Powell street, near Post. Please omit flow-
ers.
MAUGHAM— In this city. March f. 1900. James
Maugham, beloved husband of the late Eliza-
beth Maugham, a native of Yorkshire, Eng-
land, aged 82 years 10 months and 12 days.
CSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3:30 o'clock, from St. Stephen s
Church. Fulton street, near Flllmore. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MEYER— In Golden Gate, March ». 1900, Ger-
rit Jan. beloved husband of Johanna W.
Meyer, and father of Anthony, Andrew.
Henry. John. Johanna, Llllie and Lydla
Meyer, a native of Holland, aged 43 years 9
months and 4 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, on Sixty-fourth street, between Idaho
and Baker. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. Oakland.
MILIAN— In Oakland. March 10, 1900, Julia,
wife of Joseph Millan, and mother of Joseph,
Frank, Julia, Gertrude and Ethel Mllian, a
native of Canary Islands, aged 33 years and
8 months.
MILLER— In this city, March 10, 1900. Peter,
beloved husband of Mary Schelhlng Miller,
father of Louis and Wllhelm Miller, and
brother of Joseph Miller and Pauline Ruti. a
native of Germany, aged 42 years S months
and 13 days.
E7Reznains at the funeral parlors of
Charles W. Jacob &. Co., 318 Mason street,
between Geary, and O'Farrell.
RADFORD— In this city, March 9. 1900, Joanna,
beloved wife of the late Michael Radford,
and beloved mother of James, George, Joseph
and Margaret Radford and the late Mrs. R.
F. Powers and Edmund Radford, a native of
Ireland, aged 70 years and 9 months.
CyThe- funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her lat* resi-
dence. 2733 California street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'cock. Inter-
ment private.
REILLY— In Oakland. March 10. 1900, Patrick
Rellly. beloved father of M. E. and B. J.
Relll}' and Mrs. M. A. Reddy, a native of
County Longford, Ireland, aged 75 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McManus, Seventh and Cas-
tro streets, Oakland, thence to the Church of
the Immaculate Conception, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
SCHUMACHER— In this city, March 9. 1900,
Johann H., dearly beloved husband of Wll-
helmina Schumacher, and father of Albrecht
Schumacher, a native of Barenborstel, Han-
over, Germany, seed 41 years S months and 9
days. (New York and Brooklyn papers please
copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 12 De Boom street, oft Second, be-
tween Bryant and Brannan. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
SIMS— In this city, March », 1900, Captain
Albert Sims, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
C 3 y?ars.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, Seventh and Market streets. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company,
405 Powell Ftreet. near Post.
WHEELER— In this city. March 8. 1900. Delno
Otis, beloved husband of Lucy Wheeler (nee
Brooks), and nephew of Mrs. Charles Ly-
man, a native of Massachusetts, aged 47 years
11 months and 22 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Bethany CSngre-
gatlonal Church, Bartlett street, between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth. Interment
private.
• -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUISDAY, MARCH 11, 1900.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL, DIRECTORB AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. ;
Telephone South SO.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
fISfO— NEW 6-room cottage: modern; lot 50x140:
close to station, stores, school, churches; only
$;<* cash, balance »18 monthly. Take Berkeley
train, ret off at Lorin. ask for RUDOLPH &
TFRKINS.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the publication offices and bo
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BURNESS— In this city, March 2, 1900, to the
wife of R. S. Burness, a son.
CONNORS-In this city, March 4. 1900. to the
wife of William P. Connors, a daughter.
DONOHUE— In this city, to the wife of Oharles
A. Donohue. a son.
DREUSIKE-In this city. March 9. 1900. to the
wife of Paul W. Dreuslke, a daughter.
EGAN-In this city, March 2. 1900, to the wife
of M. E. Egan. a daughter.
HALPIN-In thif city. March 8. 1900. to the
wife of F. J. Halpin, a daughter.
HOOPEU— In Elmhurst. Ca!., March 7. 1900, to
the wife of William W. Hoopr, a daughter.
HOSJJER— In this city, February 25, 1900, to
the wife of Ciiarles 11. Hosmer, a son.
KniLS- In this city. March 6. 1900. to the
wife of Ed Kuhls. a daughter.
LABHARD— In this city. March 4. 1300. to the
' wife of Henry Labhard, a son.
LOGAN— In this clly, March », 1900. to the
wife of G. F. Locan. a son.
LOGAN— In this city, February 27, 1900, to the
wife cf Robert S. Logan, a son.
MAITLAMD— In Ocean View, March 2. 1900, to
the wife of James W. Maltland,.a son,
MARIANI— In this city, March 6, 1900, to the
wife of Henry Marianl, a daughter.
PAHUKE— In this city, March 9. 1900. to th*
wife of P. J. Pahuke, a son.
POPB-In this city, March «. ISOO. to the wlf*
of Fred Pot>e, a daughter.
RUTHE— In this city, to th* wlf* of Charles
E. Ruthe, a daughter.
BEELEY— In this city. March 6. 1900, to th*
wife of Joseph Seeley, a daughter.
TOMLJNSON— In this city. March S, WOO, to
the wife of William W. Tomllnson. a daugh-
ter.
VERLINDEN— In Col ma, March 7, 1900, to the
wife cf A. E. Verllnden. a son.
SCHOONER VOLANTS sail* April Ist fo—
NOME and YORK. Th* captain has had lon*
. experience in Bering Sea and prnmis— to land
as early as ice will permit. Chano* to pros-
pect islands on the way If d««trabl*. Tor
freight or passage apply on board. CAPT. M.
WHITE, Bulkhead, between Mission aad
Howard sts.
MARBIED.
CARY— GRABS— In this city. March I. 1900. at
Central Methodist Church, by the Rev. S. D.
Hutsinriller. John L. Cary and Meda Grabs,
both of Oakland.
DRISCOLL— WADEMAN— In this city, by the
Rev. S. D. Hutsinnliler, Daniel J. Drlscoll
and Llbble Wademan.
FORD— WELUY— In this city, March 6. 1900, by
the Rev. Father Otis. Joseph H. Ford and
Linda Welby. both of San Francisco.
HAYBL— SNIBLEY— In this city, at Central
Methodist Church, by the Rev. 8. D. Hut-
Mnpiller. Cecil Meredith Haybl and Meda
El via Snibley.
KIRBY— CARROLL— In this city. January *0,
1900. by the Rev. W. Kirby, David Kirby and
Catherine Carroll, both of San Francisco.
MASSON— MacNEILL— In this city. March I.
1400, by the Rev. Father McKlnnon, Alexan-
der A. Masson and Rle L. MacNelll.
SMITH— DENOW— In this city, February 6.
ISM), by Justice cf the Peace Thomas F. Dunn,
Oscar A. Smith and Martha Isabelle Denow.
both of San Francisco.
FOREST PARK TRACT.
Only a Few Minutes From the Station.
%-Acre Lots. v,-Acre Lots. Lots.
In a millionaire's district at a worklngman"s
price: for immediate File; $4 per front foot up;
two we^ks enly 2t above price.
Lots 175 feet deep und any frontage desired;
c.V. Ftre^ts graded; water piped to every lot; in
Fruitvale sanitary district; over 4000 forest and
fruit trees en this tract; a good speculation if
you do not war.t a home; we build to suit you;
title guaranteed; close to car and transportation
lines.
XP 1 /— Lot EPxl7s; choicest part of Frultvale; CO
Xruit trees on the prer-erty.
f^OO— L)t ISOxlSl: nicely located.
$60C— I>n r.4xlS3; fir.c place for chickens.
UCOS — <~hiek»n ranch; 4 rooms; fenced: lot 137 x
ISi : close to caxs.
JSCC— $iO down, balance 112 iO per month: well
and pump; lot &0xl50; fenced; street graded; 4
rooms and cel>d; 7-:oot basement.
Jlooi>-*.M> cash, balance Jl3 60 per month; well
and pur.:p. lot 50x11.0; corner; fenced; houea t
rooms; also chicken houses.
$1100— C rooms; sewer; city water; three mln-
W.er from static n.
Sl2oO— £,o down, balance Jl6 60 per month; lot
RklSt; fine for chickens: fine fruit trees.
money to loan.
flat or on installments.
thl; home building company.
San Francisco office — Room 2, ground floor,
SZ2 tansome st.,; afternoons.
FrultvaJe office— Half block above Frultvale
Et&Uon.
FOR SALE BY H. A. PLEITNER.
Splendid buy for a home Investment.
$2150— Reduced from $S>K); fine modern cottage
ef € iarce rooms on one floor; bath, mantel, it-
tic, basement, chicken hous»*. fruit trees; cor-
ner lot. 7r,x160; must be sold; an opportunity
worth invest:gatir.c.
j::00— Modern I-story fcoupe of S rocms and
bath: fine mantel, attic, basement, cellar, etc.;
ell in first-class condition; lot TExISO; fruit trees
tr.d ehn'bberirs cost J4OOO.
?!<!>.?— Cottßf«> of 5 rooms and bath; marble
wafhstand. mar.tfl. stationary tubs; 7-foot
bafemer.t. all floored: cement walk: lot 50x125.
$;nc — Coxy cottage of 4 rooms; newly renovat-
ed; front and back porch, barn, chicken houses,
¦workshop; large lot; fine place for raising
chickene.
tr;D — Very cheap lot; 100x150: only 2 blocks
from electric cars; Just one haJf the former
value.
Three choice buiUlng lots, €ox2lo each; cov-
ered wjth fruit tree*; located on Frultvale aye.;
surrounded by nice houses; must be sold on
account of mortgage. For particulars apply to
11. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. CaL
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦m Steamers leave Broad— ay
fcj. wharf. San Francisco*
«__. For Alaskan ports. 10 a, m..
tßH~a_ . Mar. 12. 17. 12. 27. Apr. _
Horl_Bß_, Change to company's steamers
EgT_KtfUn at Seattle.
fiiiL > _ri ~_l For Victoria. Vaaeocrver (B.
jE__E___fX* C.). Fort Townsend. Seattle.
~ ~ ¦HH Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
~~Mn— B &nd w tVhatce— . (Wash.).
" ~ » W a. m.. Mar. 12. 17. tX r.
Apr. h and every fifth day thereafter; eh*a—t
at Seattle to this company's steam em for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), t p. m.. M*r.
10. 15. 20, 25, JO. Apr. 4, and mry fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Montersy, Ban Straeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Oarlotv
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Ban Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, f
a. m.. Mar. 12. 1«. 20. 24. 28. April 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfordl
(San Luis Obtspo}, Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m..
Mar. 10. 14. IS. 22. 26. 30. Apr. t, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Enaenada. Magdalena Bay. Ban Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Fu Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m .. Mar. t, and 7th
cf each month thereafter.
For further information obtain company's
folder.
The company referves the right to Chans*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of salllnz.
without previous notice.
TICKET OJTKJK —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., O*n. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & IV. CO.
DISPATCH FAST BT_jU~~_ TO
3? o :el Ti_-A_ism
From Sp«ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
Fine £12 First Class Including Barttt
inn- $8 Second Class and JJe-la.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
March 14. M. April t
COLUMBIA sails March ». 19. 2». April •
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
OOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINO.
rev tosx. soursAwrrov. -oraov. ?_¦&
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m,
St. Paul March 14 St. Paul April 4
Kensington ...March 21 St. Louis April 11
New York March 23 New York April It
RED STA!^ LINE- „
Mew York. aQd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 13 aooa.
Weatemland ..March 14'Fri— land April •
Kensington ...March 2l|Southwark .....April 11
Noordland March 23lWesternland ...April 14
EMPIRE LIME.
Seattle. SL Mlcbael. Dawson city.
For full Information regarding frtifbt s_g
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIOATIOK COMPANT.
SO Montgomery st., or any of Its amende*.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
M 3 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
UNDERSELLING ALL OTHER AGENTS.
The low prices we are asking for residence
lots in the Central Land Company's Tract
cannot ts duplicated by eny other agent.
Lots in the center ot' Oakland, on macadam-
ized streets, frjm $200 up. Send for catalogue
at once. More thaa one-half already sold.
$23"0— A charming cottage home oa Thlrty-
tixth ct. for £390: 6 rooms and bath; porcelain
tub: <"¦;.'. r. plumbing: large lot; installments if
desired; new; a snap. Let us enow It to you.
S37Z3 — New modern home In Frultvale: large
lot; bt-Et location there; big bargain; must be
cold at once.
JCOO— Something very flee and cheap; elegant
Webster-st. home; 9 rooms, bath and all modern
Improvements; must be seen to be appreciated.
$6500— Linda Vista home of > rooms and all
tsodem irartixvements; lot 85x140; place new
and worth $S3OO.
$2000— Flnert cottage in Alameda: If you waat
something fine let us show you this.
$1000— Easy term*: cottage, 6 rooms and bath,
on Peralta St.. West Oakland; all in One con-
dition: worth J1750.
$1830— Bank sale; easy terms; fine cottage on
Twelfth aye.. East Oakland.
• $3750— East Oakland home; house of 1 rooms;
all in first-class condition; large corner lot;
elerant view: clore to cars; ea*y terms.
Send for Erinted list.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
903 Brcadway. Oakland.
TOYO KISEN KABHAJ
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONOKOSG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai. an<t
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board oa day
of nailing.
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March Jt
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. Aortl U
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May 1»
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. Fo*
freljrht and passage apply at company's ofßca.
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
JCORTH OAKLAND Investments for quick re-
turns.
U'»— A good building lot 75x100. bet. Gro— »
and West #t*.
JTTO— A Grove-st. corner: lot £ox9o,
$750— A 4-room hard-nntshed cottage: lot JJx
100; rented for JS4 r^r annum.
1350— A choice building lot. 40x100; W. side of
Telerra-ch aye. Other buys In proportion.
R. J. MONTGOMERY.
470 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
J-ROOM residence, centrally located, value
$3500, for a good modern 7-room residence in
the Western Addition or Mission district in
Ban Francisco: will pay $1000 cash difference.
Adlress J. S. JOHNSON, 972 Broadway, Oak-
land.
FOR sale In Oakland— 2 blocks from Adeline
station. In best residence neighborhood: large
modern house; every convenience; lot 100xlS2
or <S!>xlJ2. as desired: cheap to dose estate;
tern-.* if desired. HERON & HOLCOMB. 1>»
Broadway. Oakland; Crocker building. 8. F.
t7SO— LODGING houf* cf 40 rooms; best location
in Oakland; apply quickly. ALDEN CO., 1118
Broadway.
KOSMOS UNEWSg
______________ SXBAPIS .4000 Tons
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso sad JSambnrc
vi * Mexioaa pores, Central. South A— erloa, eta.
S. S. HATHOS SAILS ABOUT XAXCH 81
j. ». jraicxiLS * Bros. co- »e»«u. im ¦«¦>, ._.,,»>.
' r\rr Ul- Fwlilit Mw,tH ImM W»>i F— nfcii
COMPA9ZIIZ GXSZKALX TBAHSATL AHTXQffS.
DIRECT LINE to nAVRE-PARIS. ;^~~
Kallir.? every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 2. ISO 9, at "JWasTsyp!
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot o*
Morton St.: L'AQUITAINE. March li™ Li
CHAMPAGNE. March 22: LA TOURATNE
March 29: LA GASCOIGNE. April «TjW
class to Havre. $60 and upward; 5 per cant re-
duction on round trip. Second class to Harre
$43; S per rent reduction on round trio. Oicv*
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AVTi
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building)
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. S Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
DIED.
Allen. William B. Levy. George F.
Baker. Gertrude Levy, Julius
Boltano. Rosa Lewis, Mary C
Brown, Gertrude V. LfOescb. Charles
Bryan. Thomas T. Logan. Georre w.
Chodrick. Selma Luedtke, Mathilda
Dodce. Mrs. Hannah McGregor, Jane
Fuller, Benjamin B. Maugham. James
Garvey. Man* Meyer. Gerrlt J.
Gilpin. William P. Mllian. Julia
Click. Allen Miller. Peter
Golden. Thomas Radford, Joanna
Gordon. Elizabeth Rellly, Patrick
Gray, James Schumacher, Johann
Ke^ie. Michael Sims, Capt. Albert
Kenna. William M. Wheeler. Delno O.
Kinery, John
ALLEN— In this city. March 9. 1800. William
B. Allen, a native of London. England, aged
BJTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 2:30 o'clock, at the residence of Robert
Brotherton, 1721 Vallejo street.
BAKER— In this city, March 10, 1900, Gertrude,
beloved daughter of John W. and Lottie
Baker, a native of San Francisco, aged S
years 3 months and 4 days.
BOITAXO— In this city. March 9, 1900. Rosa,
dearly beloved wife of A. Boitano, mother of
John, Emma, Joseph, Poldo and Lionora Bol-
tano. mother-in-law of Rlcardo Gardini. and
father, mother, sisters and brothers in Italy,
a native of Italy, aced 41 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2130V4 Sacramento street. Interment
New Italian Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, March 10, 1900, of diph-
theria. Gertrude V., beloved daughter of
Elmer and Gertrude Brown, a native cf Los
Angeles, Cat., aged 3 years 2 months and S
days.
BRYAN— Killed in action at San Pedro Macatl.
Philippine Islands. February 6. 1599, Thomas
T Bry»n. beloved son of Margaret and the
late I'liomas Bryan, and brother of William
H. and John J. Bryan and Mrs. John H.
Wood a native of San Francisco. A member
of Company H. First California Volunteer
Infantry.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 2:30 o'clock, from the Armory
of Company li. N. G. C. corner Pace and
Goujh !»treets. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of Halsted &
Co., 146 Mission etreet.
ATTENTION! Company H. First Regiment,
California Volunteers: You are renuested to
attend the funeral of the late Thomas T.
Bryan from the Armory, corner Page and
Gouch str«-ts, this day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock sharv.
CHODRICK— In this city. March 10. 1500, Selma,
beloved wife of George R. Chodrtck, daugh-
ter of Mrs. Clara and the late John Ander-
son, and sister of Mrs. Josephine Anderson, a
native of San Francisco, aged 25 years and 6
month?.
cfyFrienfis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from th« parlors of
Valente, Marinl & Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
DODGE— In this city, March 7, 19C0, Mrs. Han-
nah Dodge, be'.oved mother of John W. Dodge,
a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock, from the chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first, thence by eleo-
tric funeral car at 2:30 o'clock, rrom the cor-
ner of Txver.tleth and Guerrero streets. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FULLER— In Oakland. March 10, 1900. Benja-
min B. Fuller, father of John Fuller, Mrs.
Sarah W. Luscomb, Mrs. Eliza B. Sherman
and Lydla. A. Caswell, a. native of New
Hampshire, aged S9 years.
GARVEY— In this city. March 10. 1500. Mary
Garvey. a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
GILPIN— In this city, March 10. 1900, William
P Gilpln, beloved brother of Z. T. Gilpln.
Mrs. H. Davidson. Miss Melissa Gtlpin. Mrs.
Susie Glascctt and Mrs. Katie McDuffle. a
native of Louisiana, aged 4) years 11 months
and 10 days.
GLICK— In this city, March 8, 1900, Allen
Gllck. a native of Pennsylvania, aged 40
ICTReraalns at the parlors of H. F. Maass.
917 Mission street.
GOLDEN — In this city, March 10, 1900, Thomas
Golden, relict of the late Catherine Golden,
beloved father of the late Mother Mary
Thomas, O. S. D.. John W.. Thomas H.,
Sybil C. and Genevleve Golden. Mrs. C. A.
Macomber, Mrs. A. D. Jenny, Mrs. T. J.
Golden and Mrs. J. J. Greeley, and brother of
Mary T. Golden, a native of Ireland, aged
*2 years « months and 2 days. (Nashville and
Dechard. Term., and Savannah, Ga., papers
please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Mary*
Cathedral. Van Ness avenue, and O'Farrell
street, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ment private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
GORDON— In this city. March 10. 1900. Eliza-
beth Gordon, beloved wife of William Gordon,
a native of Ireland, ored CS years.
GRAY— In this city. March 10. 1900. James
Gray, beloved husband of the late Maria
Gray, and father of Mrs. K. 8. Davis, a na-
tlv« of Kentucky, aged 76 years and 2 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence. izi\i Bartlett street, thence by electric
funeral car at 2:30 o'clock, from corner of
Twenty-second and Guerrero streets. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KEEFE— In this city. March 8. 1900. Michael,
beloved husband of Susan Keefe, and father
- of Joseph, Charles. John and Lizzie Keefe
and Mr*. J. Denely. a native of Limerick,
Ireland, ased 71 year*.
CTTTitnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 12 Boyce street, oft Point Loboa ave-
nue, thence to Holy Cross Church, where a
solemn requiem hlch mass will be celebrated
for the reoose of his soul, commencing, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KF.NNA— In this city, March 10. 1900, William
Melvin. beloved son of William and Agnes
Kenna, a native of San Francisco, ared 2
months and 2 days.
KINERY — In Oakland, March J. 1900, John,
beloved husband of B. E. Kinery, a native of
Ireland, ared 76 years.
ETTrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from .his late resi-
dence. 214 Fifth street. Interment private in
St. Mary's Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
30Sun, Moon and Tide.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Surrey—
Times and Heights of H Igh - and Low
. Wate»* Jat '- Fort Paint. . entrance to San
- Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ,
NOTE— Tbe high and low waters occur at
Exchange and Bullion.
{Sterling Exchange, sixty day*.... — ti 83%
Sterling Exchsnge, *lght.... .....— ¦ 4 874
Sterling Cables' — 4 884
Now York Exchange, sight...... — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 174
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican ¦ Dollars 48H 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The week closed on dull and easy
markets all over the. world. .; .. _ ?
Prices showed no changes worthy of note. The
world 1 b [ shipments for the week w«re 1,600,000
U JpoV Wheat— Shtppinc, 95c; mllllrig, 97V4c©|i.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls a. m.— May— 6ooo etlg,
Second BsKßion— May— l4.ooo ctU, 96% c; 18.000.
97c."- December— Booo, $1 03> 8 . - ¦ .¦.,-..,
Reeular Morning Session— December— 24,000
ctls, $1 04. May— 2o.ooo, 97c.
. BARLKT- The • market continues i motionless
and unchanged."; " . ¦_ ' ,-.--¦;
Feed Vac for - No. 1 and 65@72V40 for . oft
Beans and Seeds.
There is not enough going on to change quo-
tatlons.V ' ,* ¦"; ;¦.
BEANS— Bayo*," $» 30©3 40; small White, $3 15
@3 25; large Whit*,' ->»2 '»o©a 10;*PInk«,^ta 60©
2 85- Rede, nominal: Blackeye, $4 86@4 65; But
ters, ' nominal ; Lima, ¦$5 16(3* 26; Pea, $3 20©
8 40; Red Kidney*, $3 60®4. .;_: , ' „ - :
SEEDS— Brown 'Mustard, nominal; Tellow
New York Grain and Produce.
KINGS RI\'ER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Charters. \
Tt« *««erty loads lumber at Moodyrllle for
S-i-dney, owners* account.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank claarinr* last week wer* $11,171.
r:s. ag&tnat $U>,C*4t,6C4 for tbe anni* week last
jsar.
Government Finances.
Oowemjaent receipt* for the first eight month*
of the fiscal year compar* as foihr»rs:
¦ . - - 183J-9S. 159?-00.
Customs 1130.5T6.6n $158,867,008
Internal revenue 175.625.45J 185.M&.81*
MisoelJanaoos U. 909.053 26.721.403
TotaJ SSzS.4l4.in $378,456.£25
Tb« dlsbcrsamaota for the s*o>a interral corn
par* a* fallow*:
1838-M. ISS9-W.
ClTtl $C6.61».P5T $71.067.7 M
"War ~— 180.011.91 l J8.6M.J17
Nary _^_... ... 46,052.654 !7,2«4.U9
liKUac* , 7.709.7 M 6.917.650
Pensions 111 r5.265.031 95.559.273
Interest U. .....,j. 23,862.414 30.g55,576
Tbtal , «**« ram $54J,«75.«11
Th*r* !• a •nrxsoa o* $88,000,000 so far this
7*er, araloat a deflolt of $StvMO,ooo for th* cam«
Oat laws* recLr.
Weather Report.
(ttoth MerldUn— Pactfia Time.)
EA.\ FRANCISCO. March 10—6 p. m.
Tbe foilowicjr ar* the seasonal rainfalls to
£al» a* ooap&red with thoae of tame data last
ceases aai rainfall in last 24 boon:
l«rt Tfcis Last
Statloa*— 34 bours. aeaeon. season.
Eureka - 0.00 41.U 24.7S
Red Bta2( ..—^...^.. CM 12.43 13. U
tiacraiaesxo ..^-._.... C.W 11.57 7.95
San Frandxi0, .......... C.« 17.02 1.02
Freeno ?.00 t.C2 J. 90
Indepeadeno* - C.M J.U 1.15
fan /Luis 0b15p0. ....... 6» 14.61 T. 16
Los Anreles i.OO 6.65 t.»5
.«»n Diearo •-«) 8.12 l.'l
Yunia «.^ 0.00 *.7t 1M
Ban Frandcao £a.t» — Maxlmotn temperature,
C 7; mlnlmazn, W; m«ao. SS.
WEATHER COXDITIONS AKO CE2S-EHAL
rORBCAST.
Tt* pnasur* ha* fallen (vneraßy ertr (ha
country w«*t of the MlselssipsL Tier* bac
t>eea a slight rl»« during jJbe past few hours
along the coant from the mouth of th« Co
lumbia Rlvtr norttward. The deprnsloa, c*a
tral over British Columbia, Is now over th«
"'r^-rar! Valley, but a email secondary c>prea
>_¦ :- etill exists over tha Georgian Etralta.
This' depresstcn may develop and cause rain
en the coast as far south as Cape Mendocino
Sunday. . l^,wtll zsor* rrobaDly, howerer,
rr.-n-e THfiii.y . e»ftu-&rd.
The temperature ecctlnues hlrn from the Pa
cific. Const to the Missouri Valley. . In South
>-rn Callfnrnia and In Arizona toe temperatures
are 20 deprees or more ai>ove tba normal.
- Rain has fallen from Portland north. At
Port CYeeo«-nt a rainfall of 1.3d lncfaas Is r»
: :• '. in ibe.pejn twelve bours..
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Artoria. 40 miles per hour from the
couth; Portland. 82 miles from the south.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 23 hour*
ending midnight March 11. 1800: '
Northern California— Fair Sunday, except
shower* m extreme northern portion; light
SjUTherly winds.
Southern California — Fair Sunday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday. . •
Utah— Fair 6unday.
Arizona— Fair Sund*y.
fs.n Krancinco and Vicinity — Fair Sunday,
uith increasing cloudiness at night; 1 Ight
northerly winds, changing to westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast OIJIcUI.
Muat&rd, 44@4%c: Flax, II JO®J 20; Canary.
34c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9@loc; Rape, 14493 c; ¦ Hemp, 4@44e;
Timothy, 4@44c. . . -
i DRIED PEAS— Nile*. $1 6001 SO; Green, $1 75
@2 50 per ctl. .'¦;;- ;.,•>.¦ : ¦¦- : -
, Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are quiet .' and easy. Onion* rule
firm. ,'-¦•¦- .'¦:'¦; :...-'•' . --' ¦. : '. ' ¦•: - '¦
.'Asparagus declined under receipts of over 1000
boxes. .. Other Vegetables showed little change.
'Receipts were 1063 boxes Asparagus, 378 boxes
Rhubarb and 256 socks Peas.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 75@83c: River Reds.
75@80c: Burbanks. 50070 c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 70cff$l 06; Sweet Potatoe*. for
Merced ; New Potatoes. 340. , - .
ONlONS— Oregons. $1 75<5>2 15 per. ctl; Ne
vada*. $2®2 25. . -
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, «sc®*l M Mr box:
Asparagus, 3@4c for No. t, 506 c for No. 1 and
7® Bc for fancy large; Green Peas) 2®4e per lb;
String Beans, 7©loc; Cabbage, 40050 c; Los An
geles Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25: Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, 8®10c: Dried Okra, 124c -per lb; Gar
lic; 24®34c: Green Peppers from Los Angeles.
; Dried Peppers, 8@10c: : Carrots, 25@35c per
sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, $1 26 per
box; Marrowfat Squash,- nominal. ¦ :'¦',
grade*; Brewing and Shipping grades. So©B74c;
Chevalier, nominal. • ;• ' *. yt
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No tales. ¦¦' •
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— There were fair sale* yesterday at
steady nrice*. ., • •¦¦•... . '
White. $1 10®l »; Rsd. Jsc©» ITH: Gray.
$1 074®l 15: Black, 974c@irO6. ¦
CORN— Eastern -White Is quoted at 97% c©
$1 024 per ctl and Eastern Tellow at $101 10;
mixed. $I®l 06 per ctl. =
RTE-974c@$f 024 Per ctU .
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUH— California family extra*, $3 «o©3 T5.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40© 3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 7»®l per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS-rPrlees In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: ¦ Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; . Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats, $4 50; ' Hominy, $3 2593 60; Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@7 25; In sacks, $5 75®
7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas. {5; Green Peas,
$5 50 per 100 lbs. . ¦
Hay and Feed stuffs.
Prices for all descriptions remain a* pre
viously quoted. -
BRAN-$l2@lS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26227; Jobbing.
$27 50528; Cocoanut Cake, $20© 21; Corn Meal,
$23g23 50; Cracked Corn. $23 50®24; Mixed Feed,
$15 60; Cottonseed Meal. $23 per ton. :
HAT — Wheat, $7®9 for common to good;
$9 50 for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat
and Oat, $6 50@9; Oat. $638; Barley, $597; Al
falfa, $6@7 50 per ton. ¦ .
. STRAW— 2S(&3Sc per bale.
Poultry and Game.
Seven cars of Eastern arrived last week and
three will be put on to-morrow. The market
for everything remains about the same.
POULTRT— Live Turkeys, ll@l2c for Gobbler*
and ll@l2c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2:
Gosllncs. $2 60<38; Ducks. $4@5 for old and $4#5
for young; Hens, $4 50@5 50; Young Roosters. $6
«?7: Old Roosters. $4 60®5; Fryers. $6; Broilers,
$595 50 for large and $3 50Q4 50 for small; Pig
eons. $1 25@1 60 per dozen for old and $1 75Q2 for
*" "game — Hare. $125;. Rabbits. $125^150.
Gray Geese. $3: White, $1 25; Brant, $1 75®
2 50; Honkers, $4 per dozen; English Snipe,
$2 50(33; Jack Snipe, $160.
Bjitter, Cheese and Eggs.
Dairy Butter 1* higher, as It Is being used
for shipment north. Creamery also- role* firm.
Cheese continues weak and quiet.
Eggs. have again advanced, as will be seen
by the quotations.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 21c: seconds, 19
©20c. :
Dairy— Fancy. 184®19o; good to choice, 164®
18c; common, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 84®90; old, Sc;
Toung America, :9V4©loc; Eastern, la@18c;
Western. 134®16c per lb. ;
EGGS— Quoted at 13c for stor* and 12%igi44c
per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Two cars of Oranges will be offered at to
morrow's auction.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 50®75c per box for common, $1@
1 50 for good to choice and $1 73@2 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 60@2 50
per box; Seedlings. 75e'a$l 50; Pomelos, 7oc@
$2 50; Lemons. $1(3150 for common and $2(g2 50
for. good to choice: Mexican Limes, $3 50@«;
California Limes; 50©75 c: Bananas, $1 25©2 50
per bunch; Pineapples, . $3 50#4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nilts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4®4%c for
40-50' s, 35340 for 50- 60' s. 3t?34c for 60-70" s,
3^ic for 70-80' s. 8c for 80" 80s and 2%cfor 90
100's: Apricots, 11©124 c for Royals, 124@15c
for Moorparks and 12@134c for Blenheims;
Peaches' 64®6e for Standards. 6%@6%c for
choice and 7@Bc for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10<7J
124 c* Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried, 5@
54c per lb; Nectarines, 869 c: Pears. 34ft44c
for dark and 7@Bc for bright halves; Black
Figs, 2<f24c: White Figs, 2S'3c; Bleached
Plums, 839e:, unbleached Plums, for
pitted and 14c for unolttedc
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb 10c; choice,- 9c: standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy per lb. 84c; choice, 7%c; etandard, 6%c;
prime." 6c; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 54c;
»-crown. 6%c; 4-crown, <c; London Layers,
2-crown $160 per box; 3-crown, $160. Fancy
Clusters'. $2: Dehesa, $3 60; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. t>. at common shipping points
in California. . '
NUTS— Chestnuts, B®9c; Walnuts. B®9c for
standards and 9@loc for softshells; Almonds.
11%(512c for paper shell, 9®loo for soft and 4©
5c for hard shell: Peanuts, 6%@6%c for Eastern
and 60 for California; Braxll Nuts, 74«8c; Fil
berts, 120134 c: Pecans, Il@l3c; Cocoanuts,
HONEY— Cotnb, 114©12 c for bright and 104©
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7%0: llgnt amber extracted, 754@7%c; dark.
64©6 c per lb. ¦ ¦ - -- '
BEEBWAX-24026C per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon.. 9%c per lb for
heavy, 9Hc for light medium. 104 c for light. 12c
for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13@iS4c; California
Hams, nominal; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess. *1»; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $14 50;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; Smoked Beef, lie
aer lb. -" •
LARD— Tierce* quoted at 6%®7c per. lb for
compound and 80 for pure; half-barrels, pure,
BUc: 10-lb tins. B%c;'s-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%®84c per lb; ld-lb
tins. EV»c
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES- AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
10V4©llc; medium. 94©10 c; light. 94©10 c; Cow
hides 9%c: Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 94e; Calf.
94aibc: Dry Hides, - sound, 18c; culls and
brands, 15@16c; Dry Kip and Veal, 17c; Dry
Calf 19®20o; Sheepskins, yearlings, 15®30c
each- short Wool," Ss@Coc each; medium, 70®30c;
long ' Wool, $I@l 25 each; Horse Hides, $2 25Q
2 75 for large and 75c@$l 75 for small; Colts, 60c.
' TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5@54c per lb; No.
j, 4<g44c; refined, 6%c; grease, *4'33c.
- WOOjv— -
Fall clip, San Joaquln plains, 9<B>loc: South
ern 8<&>10c; Middle County, 11013 c; Humboldt
and Mendocino. 17020 c: Eastern : Oregon, 13tr
16c- Valley Oregon, 18@2Oc: Northern Mountain,
free, IKS' l4c; Northern Mountain, defective, IOQ
lie per lb. - . * ' \* . . . j ' :
HOPS— 64OIOc per lb. .
San Francisco Meat Market.
Everything In the list is In ample supply at
the moment and quotation* remain unchanged.
BEEF— 6%®7c per>lb for fair -to choice. ¦
VEAL— 64@84c per lb. .
MUTTON— Wether*. 74®8o:«we*. 7®7%0 per
' LAMB— Sprine. 10c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%@6c for small and me
dium and 8%i8>5%0 for „ large; stock Hogs. and
feeders. 6%@5%c; dressed Hogs, 7@S4c. -
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 66; Calcutta
Grain Bags,- 6%@64c; Wool Bags, 284®32%c;
Fleece Twine,'. 74c. \ ..; v ¦
¦ COAlr— Wellington, $8 ' per ton: ' new ¦ Welling
ton. $8;' Southfleld Wellington, $7 50: Seattle.
$6 SO; Bryant, $6 60; Coos Bay. $5 60; Wallsend.
18- Co-operatve Wallsend, *S; Scotch. j Cum
berland, - $12 in bulk and $13 50 ; In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel. $11
£r ton': Coke. .$l5 per ton In bulk and |17. to
**BUGAR— The . Western Sugar " Refining . Com
pany quotes/, terms- nef cash.":. in 100-lb bars:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 64c; Pow.
dered 54c; Candy Granulated, 6%c: Dry Gran
ulated 6c: ¦ Confectioners'. A; , sc; ; Magnolia 'a
4%c- Extra C,"44c: Golden C, 4%c: barrels.- I-160
more "half-barrels, %c ! more; boxes -4c more;
60-lb bags,%c more. ;* No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels .': or Its ; equivalent. Domlnos,
halt -barrels. 5%c : boxes. 6c per lb. ~
COFFEE-^C-'E.'Blckford'a circular gives the
receipt* at : this port thu* far, tni« year at 33,
909 bags, against 31.823 bags during the same
time In 1809. The- tales from Ant hands w«r»
33 460 . bags, against 21,352. ' The stock :In first
hands - March 1 was 21,100 bags, against 16.357
last year. The world" • visible supply March 1
Articles —
THE STOCK MARKET.
paat." and the confidence with which plans
ar» presented for the outlay of additional mil
lions for taking care of the future increase of
business are powerful influences toward publio
confidence in the stability and solidity of
values. The relatively high price maintained
for the stock of the Chicago. Milwaukee A
St. Paul Company on a 5 per cent dividend
basis compared with other granger railroads
Is significant also of contentment of stockhold
ers with the policy of that company in mak
ing enormous outlays of gross earnings for
Improvements and betterments looking to the
future growth of business. But the prosperous
conditions existing and the expressed confi
dence in their continuance are for the present
overshadowed by the exigencies of the New
Tork money market. The developments at the
p>int explain the unwillingness of large cap
italists to heed the exhortations of speculators
for a rise in stocks; that there Is nothing to
fear on that score and that the new currency
law gives assurance of an abundance of loan
able funds. The confidence is not lacking that
the ourreney bill will result In expansion of
the currency in due time after it becomes op
erative. There has been cumulative force,
however. In the doubt whether the corner can
b« turned before that relief becomes available
without a pinch In the money market. Large
demands continue to be made for credits on
the New Tork bank* for mercantile loans and
for buying of Government bonds by banks
with a view to taking out additional circula
tion under the law. The principal depletion
of New Tork cash reserves is due to the dras
tlo absorption of funds by the New Tork sub
treasury- Last week the drain on this account
reached nearly $7,500,000. but there was Jficlud
ed the payment to the Government of - a
$3,000,000 not« on account of the Central Pa
cific This week, without any such special
transaction and with disbursements of pen
sions Incident to the first of the month, the
treasury has nevertheless taken out of circu
lation a larger sum of money than last week—
a sum amounting to more than half the re
maining surplus over the legal requirements
of the New Tork banks' cash reserve. It is
Indicative of the special burden Imposed on
the New Tork money market that the total
surplus of the Government revenues for the
current month amounts to only about one
third of the amount taken up this week from
the banks by the sub-treasury. The explana
tion Is that a large proportion of the Govern
ment revenue Is b»lr« collected from im
porters of merchandise In the form of customs
duties at New Tork. With the surplus ra
eerres of New Tork banks fast approaching
the vanishing point, the April settlements yet
to b« met before relief comas with the cur
rency law. the unwillingness to take out call
loans to buy stocks is clearly explained.
Railroad bonds have been In eood demand,
part of th« buying being attributed to pressure
of funds realized from the selling- of Govern
ment bonds by Investment holders to banks.
United States old 4s and Es advanced 1 per
cent. Is coupon % and 8s registered U- New
4s coupon declined % and do registered and
Is 4 in the bid price.
NEW TORK BTOCK LIST.
Shares j . Closing
Sold. Etnoks— -'-. ¦¦-, Bid.
2.650 Atchison 23%.
8.350 Atchison prefd 6&4
i.020 Baltimore A Ohio 62
Canadian Pacific 94Ti
....... Canada Southern 484
125 Chesapeake & Ohio 28
- 220 Chlcaca Grea.t Western UVi
4,4 M Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 123%
1.020 Chicago Ind & Louisville 21%
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 54H
CbicaKO A Eastern Illinois 954
100 Chicago & Northwestern 160
S?2 Chicago Rock Island A Pacific 1074
100 C C C & St Louis 69\i
Colorado Southern 6
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16H
Delaware A Hudson 114
Delaware Lack & Western ISO
100 Denver A Rio Grande ! 194
100 l>enver A Rio Grande prefd 71^
Erie 12«4
900 Erie Ist prefd 37!;
Great Northern prefd 157
Hocking Coal ISV4
L6OO Hocking Valley 82
Illinois Central 1124
100 lowa Central 13%
lowa Central prefd 48
Kansas City Pittsburjr A Gulf 12%
Lake Erie & Western 20' /4
....... Lake Erie & Western prefd ?34
Lake Shore 194
«X> Louisville A Nashville 81%
J. 238 Manhattan L 93! i
4,050 Metropolitan Street Railway 1644
100 Mexican Central 11%
200 Minneapolis A St Louis 60>;
Minneapolis A St Louis prefd 91
.9.140 Missouri Pacific 46« ii
Mobile A Ohio 4«4
Missouri Kansas & Texas 104
100 Missouri Kansas A Texas prefd 32%
4r>o New Jersey Central ; 116-*
1,760 New Tork Central w3%
644 Norfolk A Western 32%
Norfolk & Western prefd... 7»
4.3W Northern Pacific "I?
243 Northern Pacific prefd %•¦ <3J«
300 Ontario* Western "H
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway A Nay prefd .6
4 730 Pennsylvania 1*4%
100 Reading "
SO 1 ) Reading Ist prefd : »•%
200 Reading 2d prefd |»
....... Rio Grande Western w
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
200 Ft Louis 4 San Fran.. 10H
8t Louis A San Fran Ist prefd 68
\y\ St Louis A San Fran 2d prefd J4J4
100 St Louis Southwestern «H
400 St Louis Southwestern prefd 29
7.135 St Paul 121%
8t P«ul prefd 1/J
Rt Paul A Omaha IJJ
16.750 Southern Pacific 3<H
909 Southern Railway i*l*
2.P80 Southern Railway prefd oTvi
100 Texas * Pacific 1J
4,250 Union Pacific 49
LOOO Union Pacific prefd 74
Wabanh 'H
1W Wabash prefd 204:
JOO Wheeling A Lake Erie WA
450 Wheeiins & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 26%
20") Wisconsin Central 17U
Express Companies—
Adams 1"
American 143
I'nlted States 45
Wells Kargo 122
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 32%
SOS American Cotton Oil prefd.... J34
310 American Malting 54
American Malting prefd 244
772 American Kmelting & Ref 35%
American Smelting A R«f prefd 90%
American Spirits X
1,150 American Spirits prefd 17
ICO American Steel Hoop 384
3,670 American Steel Hoop prefd 79%
150 American Steel A Wire 65%
American Steel A Wire prefd 91
American Tin Ptate 31
American Tin Plate prefd SI
6,870 American Tobacco 104
American Tobacco prefd 135
650 Anaconda Mining Co 47' i
7,775 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 67U
220 Colorado Fuel A Iron 4S»t
1,120 Continental Tobacco 29' i
Continental Tobacco prefd 83<4
3,525 Federal Steel : ,45%
1010 Federal Steel prefd 73
General Electric 1244
100 Glucose Sugar 51
Glucose Sugar prefd ' 88%
810 International Paper 17%
2CO International Paj*r prefd 62%
Laclede Gas 70.
National Biscuit 854
National Biscuit prefd... 90
360 National Lead 23U
National Lead prefd 104
900 National Steel 43U
National Steel prefd ..../.. 93
I<V) New Tork Air Brake. ..127
200 North American ¦... 14%
-. Pacific Coast .V)
Pacific Coast Ist prefd $2
Pacific Coast 2d prefd «o
Pacific. MaH.... 374
19 R7O People's Gas.... # 95%
Pressed Steel Car.. 52
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd R5 -
100 Pullman Palace Car ..IS3
• 200 Standard Rope &. Twine .-. $14
41.&30 Bugar ..100%
Sugar prefd... .". .-107%
800 Tennessee Coal * Iron 92
• 600 United States Leather.......'.......... 11%
' 200 United States Leather prefd.; 71%
KO. United Btate» Rubber 292
. 100 United States Rubber. prefd 92%
72S' Western Uni0n......: : 82%
440 Republic Iron A Steel... 21-
Bank clearings make a small gain during the zveet
Silver and financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat and Barley dull and easy.
Fair sales of Oats. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay and Feed stuffs as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds inactive and unchanged.'
Potatoes easy. Onions firm. Asparagus lower.
Eggs and dairy Butter higher. Cheese weak.
Liberal receipts of Poultry from the East. .
Fresh and Dried Fruits unchanged.
Meat market well supplied and quiet.
Local securities selling fairly.
Coffee quiet and easier.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
v gepublio Iron A Steel prefd......... ft
• P « C A St Louis 7. (3
181,400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 2s reg. 102^; Do 45...; 91%
Do 2s reg Ul^iN T C lsts ..110
Do 3s coup ...li: NJ C gen 5s 123' A
Do new <• reg....lS6*i N Carolina 65. ......117
Do new 4s coup..i36>£ Do 4s ; 106
Do old 4s reg 1174 N Pacific 3s 66*4
Do old 4s coup...llS<4! Do 4s .....104^
Do 6s reg U6^JN V C & St L 4s.lOSVi
5s coup U6V» N & W con 4s 95Vi
Dlst of Col 3.65s. ...118 Do gen 6s 130
Atchison gen 45. ...101" Or Nay lsts. 109
Do adj 4s 82^4 Do 4s 102^
Canada So 2ds 106% Or Short Line 65..127»i
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 97^ Do con 55.. ........1134
¦Do 6s 1194 Reading gen 45..... 874
Chi & N con 7s 141 ROW lsts 984
Do S F deb 65. ..tfl St L & I M cop 55. 111^
Chicago term 45.... 94" St L & S F gen 65.120
D& R G lsts 103 St Paul cons 167H
Do 4s 984 St P C & P 15t5. ..119%
E T V & G 15t5..:. 102 Do 6s ..120*;
Erie ten 4s ;71 So Railway. 6s 1094
FW& D C lsts... 72 Stand R& T 65... 73
Gen Electric 5a. ...1164 Term new set 35... 95
G H St. SA 6s 108 Tex & Pac 15t5.... 114
Do 2ds 1074 Do 2ds 65
H & T C Es 1104 U Pacific 45.... 1054
Do con 6s 112 Wabash lsts 116%
lowa Central 15t5. .114 , Do 2ds 99Va
KCP & O lsts.... 72 West Shore 4s 118
La new con 4s 106 Wis Central lsts... 90%
L & N unl 4s 934;Va centuries 884 i
S Pacific 4s SSV Do deferred 94
If X & T 2ds C6'iColo & So 4s 834
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22IOntario 8 25
Crown Point ll|Ophir 76'
Con Cal & Va 150iPIymouth 12
Deadwood ..... 53 1 Quicksilver 160
Gould & Curry 12 Quicksilver prefd.. 7 60
Hale A Norcross... 27 Sierra Nevada 50
Homeetake 60 00 Standard 3 00
Iron Silver 69 Union" Con 18
Mexican 22lYellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 2 I
Call loans 34«4U West End 93V;
Time loans 4 @}> Westlnghouse Elec 43i?
Stocks— Wls Central 12
AT& S F 22% Bonds—
A T & S F prefd.. 664 Atchlson 4s ...lftfl
American Sugar. ..looH N E Gas & Coke 5s 70
Bell Telephone 311 Mining shares-
Boston & Albany. .l 39 Adventure .'... 4%
Boston Elevated... 117 Allouez Mng C 0.... 24
Boston & Maine. ..l9s Amalg Copper 94
C B & Q II3H Atlantic 234
Dominion Coal 43% Boston A Montana. "So
Dom Coal prefd. ...116 Butte & 805t0n.... 65
Federal Steel 45% Calumet & Hec1a..730
Fed Steel prefd.... 73 Centennial ISH
Fltchburg prefd. ...132 Franklin 14H
Gen Electric 12JU Osceola 71
Gen Elec prefd 137 Parrot 45U
Ed Elec 111 205 Qulncy IS2
Mexican Central... 33 Santa Fe Copper... 54
N E Gas A Coke.. 18 Tamarack 190
Old Colony 207H Utah 294
Old Dominion IS% Wlnona " 24
Rubber 29 Wolverines 41%
Union Pacific 48T4
Chicago Grain Market.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Shipping Intelligence See Page i 30,
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. March in.— The trading in
sfVfcs was ltnrely confined to-day to opera
-tiocs 'by mad rooms, as has been the case dur
ing the whc'.e week, but there was some email
b'.t El£SiSc&nt buying from outside sources,
especially manifest In the taking or fractional
lots of stocks for Investment, which proved
th» attractiveness of the present lerel of prices
to thk*# who are not depeadert upon ordinary
rnon*y market rlrl— tllllif ¦ for holding stocks
for the dividend returns which they hold.
Th» wide distribution of the dealings ' also
kdded to the healthy appearance of the mar
ket. The character of the benk statement
cv so confidently foreseen that Its appear
ar.ee was nut awaited for the closing up of
professional contracts. The traders have been
the sheet side of the market quite unSformly
d'jring the week. *•> that the closing up of con
tracts stiffened the market very appreciably.
Kug-ar acd People's Gas were notably In de
mand before the Lack statement, but were
rc-ld off ag-ain together with the local traction
frtocks. The obvious unwillingness of price*
to yieid on (he bank statement drove the
bears to cover again. Bugar advanced an ex
•rerne S ! » and People's Gas Z^i and the
whole list roc* to ihe highest level of tha
morning with raore show of animation In the
£caiir>g« than has b»*n evident for t-everaldays.
The bank returns were fully as weak as ex-
DecteJ The ulrength of the day's market must
tit- attrlbutfd to a faith that speculative com
mitments being small, the market Is not very
vL,neral>le to a teni|>erary money squeeze.
Beyond a temporary stringency the new cur
rency and refunding law is confidently looked
to 'or t;>e«*Sy relief. There is an undercur
re-t of Mrntlraent also that some of the recent
he*vy loan expjui*lon would be readily con
vertible or trans>rable in case of any urgent
need of credits, witnout Coln& damage to pres
ent borrowers. Th!» wftuld -be true of such
j>c>rtipn of the recent loan . expansion as has
rtnt Into Government bonds with a view to
taking out additional note circulation. The
belief has been held In Wall street for some
tirre j>aet that nothing prevented a general
rise In prices but the disturbing effect of the
acute weaitneM of a few stocks under the in
flurrire d catlses Kpecial to themselves, not
' e n j thins bearing on the general condition mak
ing for fclgher values. But the most con
spicuous of these disturbing causes reached a
culmination during the week and the stocks
affected have retired to a comparatively ob-
Ecur« place in U>« market. Th«? appointment
of a ' receiver for the Third-avenue company
and the action of the dlrf-tors of the Amer
ican Fur»r Refining Company in declaring the
reduced dividend on Monday, two days in ad
vance of the erpeeted meeting, put an end to
the furious speculation and the violent and
erratic fluctuations in those stocks, but Mill
the market showed a li*tl»s» and indifferent
¦ crlrit and halted and hesitated, falling by
prorre*«tv« stages Into a deeper slough of
T*nir-ft«igTia?lon.. The disappointment of the
expectation of a rise naturally led to the de
r<f-*s'slon In Itself and the market, while main
taining a waiting attitude, has become heavy
In tone and price* have sagged to a level be
low last week* close. The railroad list has
cff/Ttd much better resistance than. the indus
trials and specialties, but has not responded
r.-Jth any positive 6how of strength to the ex
traordinary *>>«ibiui of prr>sp«Tlty made by the
irreat rai:n« syfUmi of th* country.
The aJinuaJ report of the Pennsylvania Rail
road, owing to the great extent of the system
oi*Tated and the diversity of Its traffic, would
tX itself he accepted as convincing evidence
©1 prosperous conditions, not only In the rail
road business itself, but In the general busi
ness of the country- The significant fact was
tiointM out by the president .that the increase
in tonnage for .the year east of» Pittsburg
ard Erie *m 16,000,000 tons greater than
the whole tonnage moved over the earn* lines
in 1E75 °r * n ' r ?**¦* previous thereto. The con
viction expressed by the e«me authority that
"the general business of "the country may be
expected to Increase in the future a* In U>*
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDOX
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANOE.
BTANISLAU3 RIVER AT OAKDALE.
NKW TORK, March 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
13,740 bbls; exports, 6499; market quiet, but very
strong. Winter patents, $3 60@3 65; | winter
straights, $3 45®3 55; Minnesota patents, {3 70®
3 90; winter extras, $2 60@2 90; Mlpnesota bak
ers'. $2 90{?3 06; winter low gradesr $2 25®2 40. '
WHEAT — Receipts, 72,000 bushels. Spot,
steady; No. 2 red, 76% c elevator; No 2 red, 7SHo
f.o. b. afloat in store; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
7S%c f. o. b. afloat prompt. Options opened
easy In line with rather bearish cable news
and favorable home crop prospects, but turned
stronger subsequently on a sharp rise in Corn
promoting activity among shorts. The market
was finally a little oft* under realizing, closing
easy at unchanged prices to 4c^het decline.
May 72*»i*i'72';»c. closed 72% c: July ~2\<ii",2.\ i c.
closed 72%e; September 724@72 9-16 c, closed
724' c. '
HOPS— Steady. State common to choice, 1896
crop, 6c; IS9S crop. 7©9 c; 1899 crop, 12iSl3c. Pa
cific Coast. 1596 crop, 4@6c; 189S crop, 7@9c; 1599
crop; 12ffll3c. ?
HIDES— Firm. Galveeton, 20 to 25 pounds,
194 c: California, 21 to 25 pounds, 214 c; Texas
dry, 24 to 30 pounds,, 154 c. •¦-. <
WOOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece, 25@28c; Texas,
15fflSc.
COFFEE— The market for Coffee ; features
closed with an easier undertone, with prices 10
points net lower. Total sales. 17,250 bags, in
cluding: March, $6 65®6 70; May, $6 60<gS 70;
June $6 65; July. $fl 66; August, $« 70^6 76; Sepl
tember. *6 75«T6 80; October, $6 80«6 85; Decem
ber ?6 95®7 On.. Spot Coffee— Rio quiet; No. 7
Invoice, nominal. SHiffSHc; No. -7 jobbing, B%@
B%c Mild— quiet; Cordova, 9Vi@l4c. .
SUGAR— Raw, Bteady; Fair Refining, 3 13-16 c;
Centrifugal.' 96 test, 4 5-16e; Molasses Sugar,
3«i»c Refined— Dull, but steady: No. 6, 4.60 c;
No. 7. 4.56 c; No. 8, 4.50 c; No. 9. 4.45 c; No. 10,
4 40c No. 11. 4.35 c; No. 12, 4.30 c; No. 13, 4.30 -
No 14 4.30 c; Standard 'A. 4.90 c; Confectioners'
A 4.90 c; Mold' A, 5.85 c; Cut Loaf, 5.EOc-
Crushed. 5.50 C: Powdered. 6.20 c; Granulated,
5 10c- Cubes. 5.25 c. • •
BUTTER— Receipts, 4670 packages; market
steady at a decline. June creamery. 18@234c;
Western creamery, 20fa2fic; factory, 17#29c. >
RGGS— Receipts, 4796 packages: market firm
and higher. Western at mark. 14Uc
DRIED FRUITS
NKW TORK. March 10.— Evaporated Apples
developed very little activity to-day., and
the market at best was steady, with no
variations in prices. California , Dried . Fruits
continue dull and featureless. . >-.-.: ¦„, ; -, ; -?
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Comraon>
44®54c; prime,' 6ig«%c; choice, 7@74c; fancy.
7tf«BHc '"¦ " ' '¦¦--. - ... • ¦.
CALIFORNIA: DRIED PRTJNES-SH©7o per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. lS'fflßc; Moorpark, 15©18 c.
FEACHES— PeeIed, . 18S22o; unfieelta, 71b89c,
TO SAIL.
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW TORK, March 10.— The Financier says:
A curious feature of the statement of the clear
ing-house banks of New York City for the week
ending March 10 is that the decreases In cash
holdings and purplus reserve almost balance
the gain in loans, while deposits actually fell
off (491,800. In other words, the statement seems
to imply that if. the loans v.-ere made they were
in the form of cash balances which were taken
out of bank. This is not the true solution, for
It is pretty generally understood that the de
mands due to treasury operations and interior
shipments account for the loss in cash. It may
be assumed, therefore, that the cash thus di
verted dwreaped deposits, a loss made up In
large Dart by bonds which are credited to bor
rowers as deposits. The result of this is wlt
npsped in a stationary deposit account, while
cash holdings have fallen off $5,058,600. and re
serve has Buffered a decrease of nearly 17,000,
000. bringing the present surplus reserve fund
in banks down to $5,676,375. the lowest sum re
ported since November 23 last. As there are no
indications that the conditions which are thus
eatinc into the surplus are to undergo a change
soon, the statement might be construed to
mean a very tight money market were It not
for the probability of the early passage of the
refunding bill, which would release more or less
treasury fund's. This factor is all that restrains
the call loan market from a violent upward ad
vance. ConsldPreii in a broad light, the cur
rent exhibit of th<« banks is not different from
what had been anticipated earlier in the week.
The chantt^s in the several items have been dis
tributed over a larger number of individual in
stitutions than usual, but It Is noteworthy that
over a third of the loans are to be traced to the
"Chase National, which also expanded Its tie
posits over $2,000,000, thus indicating a. falling
off of more than that amount In the list of
other banks. The statement hae also been com
plicated by the purchase of Government bonds
by country- banks, an operation usually con
ducted by the city correspondent of the buy
ing institution. The Item of circulation shows
a continued gain, and the New Tork national
banks have now outstanding nearly $59,000,000
of notes.' a sum greater than reported for a
year. It Is conceded that the new refunding
bill will have the effect of largely adding to
the present circulation of the banks, here.
London Market.
NEW TORK. March 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets were quiet and firm to-day,
every on« being- very confident and believing
the success of the war loan, probably eclipsing
America's 1898 record, will infuse life into the
market. A great crowd of applicants was at
the Bank of England to-day and large subscrip
tions are also exported from the Continent and
America, J. P. Morgan & Co. alone have ap
plied for ten millions for American flaanclal in
stitutions, mostly insurance companies, and
they are expected to lodge more on Monday.
The stock is quoted at 2% premium and very
large dealings ara reported. Consols were up
'•id. Americans showed a hardening tendency,
but there were no features. .
The bank received £45.000 gold from Holland.
There was a good demand for short loans and
discounts were a shade firmer.
CLOSING.
LONDON, March 10.— Canadian Pacific, l"0%;
Union Pacific preferred. 75; Northern ¦ Pacific
preferred. 76: Atchlson, 23H; Grand Trunk, 8%;
Anaconda, 9S; Rands, 374. Bar sliver steady,
27Ud per ounce. .
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON. March 10.— To-day"s state
ment of the condlton of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, (301,927,159; gold re
serve, $241,768,798.
Receipts. Shipments.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
SUNDAY. MARCH 11.
CHICAGO. March 10.— WHEAT— Was heavy
and dull. - The feeling was- bearish' under. the
expectations that Monday's statistics would
show large world's shipments and a liberal in
crease on passage. The . mild ' weather, where
a cold wave had been promised, was also dis
couraging to holders. NThe market showed
some flrmneM for a time in sympathy with
corn, but failed to hold It. ' The Liverpool de
cline for spot had a depressing effect and there
was little cash talk here. May opened a
¦hade lower at 66®664c. advanced to 66% c and
reacted to 66% c. at which the market closed,
%@^ic under yesterday.
The aggressive strength and activity of corn,
engendered by higher cables, the cash demand
and the small country offerings, made that
market the center of Interest on the Board of
Trade to-day. May closing 96® 4c over yester
day. • .. -¦ .¦ ¦..¦¦ ¦ ;¦" •¦ ¦• ;¦• --¦
The oats market was quiet and while the
feeling was bearish the strength of corn exert
ed sufficient influence to hold the market firm.
May closed a shade up at 23%@23%c. ¦
Provision! were dull but firm, helped by a
higher hog market and the strength of corn.
May pork closed 74c Improved, May lard 24c
up and May ribs 24fj5c better. ,
The leading futures ranged as follows: -
Articles— Open. High. Low.' Close.
Wheat No. 1—
March .... 65
May ««% 66>4 66 66
July 66% 67 63% 66%
Corn No. 2— •, i>-
March •• ;. S4>4
May S3 T 4 S6VI 35H 8«H
July 36H 36\ 35T4 364
September 4«56% 36% S6H 364
Oatß No. t—
May : 23H 23% 23H f W*
July :. 224 22H MH 22H
Mess pork, p«r bbl —
May ...\......T 10 80 10 87H 10 80 ,10 87^4
July 10 85 10 90 10 85 10 90
Lard, per 100 Ib 9—
May.!... 695 600 695 - 1 91M
July 6 024 6 07H 6 024 605
Short ribs, per 100 lbs— a
May 6 S2H B»5 590 596
July 5 924 5 974 6 924 5 974
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
Blow; winter patents, $3 40©3 60; straits. $2 90^
3 80; clears. « 70®3; spring specials, $3 80;
patents, {3 10SS 45; straits, S2 60®3: bakers'.
$2tT2 40- No 2 spring wheat. 64ig64%0; No. 3
spring wheat,, 63<ff64c; No. 2 red, 68®«9c; No. 2
corn, SsVic; No. 2 oats, 23%@23%c; No. I white,
26U@27«i0; No. 8 white, 2bM&Z6hi.o; No. 2 rye.
U\ic; No. 2 barley. 37H@*0c: No. 1 naxeeed.
$1 60; prime timothy seed, $2 50; mess pork, per
barrel, $9 95@10 90; lard, per 100 pounds, Jo 75®
5 S«H; <=hort ribs sides (loose), $5 80®6 05; dry
saltS*. shoulders (boxed). 6*4i36%e; short clear
sides (boxed), $6^6 10: whisky, distiller*' fin
ished goods", per gallon, $1 24; sugars, cut loaf,
6.05 c; granulated, 6.43 c.
SPECIAL SALE
SWITZER'S STOCKYARDS,
12th and Harrison Streets,
TUESDAY- - - March 13th,
at 11 o'clock.
M HEAD BROKE AND UNBROKE HORSE 3,
from S to 8 years old; weight' from 1000 to
1«M. SULLIVAN A DOYLE.
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 11, 1900.
ni 8, 447, 767 bags, against 6.522.044 last .year.
The circular says:
."During the past : thirty . days business has
again assumed normal proportions and the
sales indicate that Coffee is moving entirely in
accordance with natural consumptive require
ments. The ¦ speculative - feeling has largely
subsided, the- trade (generally believing- the ad
vance has been fully sufficient for the time be
ing fom any point of view." The highest prices
were reached Just after. the date of our last
circular— «ay from February 9 to 14— when No.
7 Rio sold in New York at B"ic and good Sal
vador here at 9',*e (between second hands),
since which time the former has declined' He
and the latter He to Markets everywhere
clone very quiet. Dealers here being now well
supplied with all descriptions, except those
worth less than Be, sales ar* very slow and have
been for a week past. . The cheaper qualities
would sell readily. Unwashed Salvador* prom
ise to be kcarcer this season than usual and
are. therefore, firmly held within the range of
quotations given... . .
"Stocks in first hands consist of 3740 bags
Costa Rica. 100 Nicaragua. 4345 Salvador, 16.
326 Guatemala and 2997 Mexican, in all 27.50S
bags, as against 14,156 bags the same time last
year.? . •
We quote: Costa Rloa— l4^®l6c for prime
washed, 12@14c for good washed. 15c nominal
for good to prime washed ¦ peaberry, lie nom
inal for good to prime peaberry, 12c nominal
for good to prime, 8910 c nominal for good cur
rent mixed with black beans, 9©lCtte for me
dium to fair, 7%c nominal for common to or
dinary, j Salvador— ll<&l4c for good to prime
washed; 9m?1094e for fair washed. 11913 c for
good to crime washed peaberry. 9U® 104 c for
good to prime semi-washed. 9\jff IOHc for . su
perior unwashed. 9®9%c for good gretn un
washed. lOtfce nominal for good to prime an
washed peaberry, 6@7%c nominal for common
to ordinary. Nicaragua. — 14©16% c for prime to
fancy washed. 9H<@l3c for fair to good washed.
9@9V4c nominal for good to superior unwashed.
lfcg'lOHc nominal for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican— l4Sl7HC
for prime to fancy washed. l*@l3%c for strictly
good washed. ll®ll»ic for good washed, 9W&
10% c for fair washed. 8@9%0 for medium, t®
"\o for inferior to ordinary. llt?13c for good to
prime washed peaberry. 10@10VtO- nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry, 939% c nom
inal for good to superior unwashed.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. MARCH 19.
Flour, qr sks.... 13.2041 Shorts, sks fits
Wheat, ctls 52.156 Sugar, sks ...^. J.OOO
Barley, ctls I. 64o l Leather, rolls .... -64
Oats, ctls 2.BsO!Eggs. doz 85.150
Corn, ctls 35; Hides, No 955
Tallow, ctls ...... 2J61 Pelts, bndls JO5
Butter, ctls 543LWlne, gals 66.9C0
Potatoes, sks .... LSJofStraw, tons 16
Bran, sks ........ 900, Hay. tons 179
Middlings, sk« .. ¦ ISO ¦¦
OREGON. ,
Flour. <jr sks 2.560 Oats. ctl» ' M 0
AUSTRALIA.
Onions, ska 4221
AUCTION, THURSDAY, "r 1
CARLOAD OF • DRIVING AND DRAFT
HORSES, Without Limit or Reserve.
' ' ' 3170 MARKET ST.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- flr* minutes later than at Fort Point;
tha height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun rises j;n •
Sun seta ; ;..,... 6:13
; Moon 5et5......... 5;37 a.' in.
NOTE— In the above exposition of tha tides
tha early mornlnsr tides are given In the left
hand 'column and the successive tides of th-*
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tld«
and the last or right hand column elves th*
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on th»
United States Coa.«t Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — > precedes tha height.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by tbe charts. The plane .of.
reference Is the mean of tha lower low waters.
Flour, barrels ....; 6«.fl00 64.000
Wheat, bushels .->32.000 10.000
Corn, bushels 285.000 11$«000
Oats bushels 238.000 175.0W
Rye. bushels •• 4.000 11,000
Barley, bushels 30,000 5,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was strong: creamery. 19@244c; dairy.
I«<ff22c. Cheese,' firm; 12ifl3c. Egg*, easy;
fresh, 13@13.40. *¦;':;
Foreign Futures.
DiscJujrge of California Rivers.
Th« following record of the estimated dally
discharge of certain California rivers Is fur
ctihed by J. B. Llpplncott. hydrographer of tho
United States Geological Survey. One second
foot equals 50 miners' inches: ' -
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT RED- BLUFF.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 810 6 10 6 8^
Closing — •••••
PARIS.
Wheat— Mar. JJay.-Aug.
Opening W6O 20 55
Closing "SO 20 65
Flour-
Opening — 25 SO X 70
Closing 25 70 26 75
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. March 10.— CATTLE — Receipts.
1W). Nominally steady, average stronger . for
the week. Natives, good to prime steers. $5 10®
6; poor to medium. $434 95; selected feeders.
$« 15@4 75: mixed stockers. $3 Uy&S 95; cows.
*3JT4 35: heifers. 13 10S4 65; canners. |2 40@3;
bulls, $3©4 30; calves. $5 75@7 75; Texas fed
steers steady. $3 9034 90; ' Texas bulls in good
demand at J3 25®3 75. _ •
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 21.000; estimated to
morrow 33.000; left over, 2000. Strong to shade
higher for better quality; Good -clearances.
Mixed and butchers, $4 75ifJ4 97V4; good to choice
heavy U 87H®< 97H; rough heavy, $4 75^4 85;
light. $4 70«?4 9214; bulk of sales, $4 87fc#* 95.
SHEEI*— Rpc^lpK 2500. Lambs about steady;
pood to choice wethers, $5 60 1 S l 6; fair to choice
mixed $4 75(35 50; yearlings. S5 50@6 60; native
I lambs. IS 75<?7 40: Western lambs. S6@7 30.. .
1 Receipts this week— Cattle. 46,000; hogs. 151.
000- sheep. 61.000. La*t week— Cattle.' 41,200;
hogs. 143.00O; sheep, 61,700. ¦
imports and Exports at Nezv York.
1 NEW YORK, March 10.— Exports of gold and
silver from this port, to all 'countries for this
¦week aggregate - J1.255.100 in silver bars and
coin and J327.546 In gold.
Imports of dry goods and merchandise at the
port of New York for this week were valued at
JlO C 50.675.
Imports of specie this week were 170,563 In
gold and $204,798 In silver.
New York Metal Market:
NEW YORK. March 10.— The brokers* price
for lead was $4 45 and for copper $16 60.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 10.— Consols. 101 8-18; silver.
27H<1: French rentes. lOlf 80c: wheat cargoes off
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, more
Inquiry; No. 1 standard California, 30s 8d; Eng
lish country markets, quiet. _
LIVERPOOL. March 10.— Wheat In Paris,
firm; flour in Paris, firm; French country mar
kets,' quiet. - .
COTTON— Uplands. 5 19-S2d.
CLOSING*
! ; WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red WesteVn winter and
No 1 Northern spring, stocks exhausted. Fu
tures dull: March. 6s lOd; July, 5s BUd.
CORN— Spot, firm: American mixed new. 3s
lOd: American mixed old. 3s IOHd. Futures,
firm; May, 3s %d: July. »s B^d.
London Wool Sales.
¦ LONDON, March 10.— At the Wool auction t
sales to-day there was an average attendance, j
Moderate catalogues were offered, which con
slßted largely of New Zealand grades. There
was a good demand for Merinos and crois
breds. The Continent and America were the
lamest buyer* , ; greasy Merinos of better sorts
being spiritedly competed "-for by .the home
trade Ecoured ¦ Wools were in large quantity.
Greasy Merino lambs' Wool sold at 5 to 7<£ per
cent. Crossbred s were bought chiefly by York
shire and America-.
Portland's Business.
-PORTLAND, Or., March 10.-i-Clearlngs, $197,
243; balances. t35. 442.
Northern Wheat Market.
\_-" OREGON. '.;.>
PORTLAND, March 10. — Wheat — Walla
Walla. 62@53c: valley, 51®52c; bluestera, 64@55c.
Cleared— British bark Beechdale, for Queens
town or Falmouth for orders, with 79.173 bush
els wheat; British steamer Elm Branch for
Port Arthur, with 4000 barrels flour and 2,418,
000 feet lumber. ¦
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 10. —Wheat— Market ne
glected and" prices unchanged. Bluestem, 62% c;
club. Wttc. ' ¦ - - ¦ - - f
Securities were quiet and most of the busi
ness was In the sugar stocks, which showed
a rising tendency. Spring Valley Water vu
higher at $98 75@W, and Giant Powder lower at
IS3 50268 50. - . .
The oil stocks continued dull and feature
less.
The Giant Consolidated Company paid a
dividend of 750 yesterday.
The Paciflo Gas Improvement Company paid
a dividend of SSo yesterday.
The Paauhua Sugar Company paid a divi
dend of 30c yesterday.
The San Jose Water Company paid a divi
dend of EOc yesterday.
The California-street Cable Company will
pay a dividend of 50c on the 14th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, March 10-1J m.
Bid. Ask. Btd.Ask.
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co.. «%, 3T»
4s quar c0up. .114% — Mutual £1 Co. — 12U
4s quar reg.... — 114% OG L A H.... — 60
4s quar new.. 136 — Pac Gas Imp.. UK 58
8* quar coup.. 110*4 — Pac L Co 44 .—
Miscellaneous — S F G A £.... (4 —
Cal-st Cab E5.117 — Ban Francisco. 4* t
C C Wat 05. ..105 — Stockton Gas.. 10 —
Ed L & P 6s.. uj — Insurance— -^ •
F*Cl Ry 65. 114 115 Firem's Fund.22J>4 —
Geary-st R 6s.'— 85 Bank Stocks—
HC A B &H8.105 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 89
Do 5s 10SH — Bank of Ca1...4C2H —
L, ABy 6s 105V4 — Cal SD A T.. 9S&100
L A L Co sa. - — First National. 2so 308
Do gntd Bs.. — — Lon P A A. ..130 —
Do gntd 55.. — 103 Merchants' Ex 14 . —
L A & P R 05.10214102% Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 65.. .12? — Savings Banks-
Do Ist m 55. 11654 — Ger S & L..ISPO —
NCN G R 75.10« — Hum S & L. — —
N ROf Cal 65.113' i — iMut Say Bk. 45 —
Do 35... 115',118Vi S F Say U. 507H —
NVC R It Ba.iusit — Say A L So. 74 71
Do 5s ...:... 106V4107 Sec Say Bk. — —
N C R R 55..109 — Union T Co. — : —
Oak GMtH ss.Hl — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65. .112 112H California 119H122
Oak WCo &5..106 — Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S C 0. .105 10* Market-st Ry.. 61 —
Om C Ry 6a-.127%12» OS L 4 H.... — 50
PACI Ry 65.. — 105% Presidio 14 If
Pk &O Ry «s. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R Bsll7 — California ....150 l«0
Sac LO&R ss.— 100 Giant Con Co.. BS«4 89<4
5F & SJV 63.117 — Vlgorit V% —
6 R of Cal 65. 113 — Sugar Stocks—
SPof A 65. ..11 l — Hana S P Co.. 9<4 9*4
S P C 6sU9os).llottlUK Haw CASCo 89 —
Do (190«) ....112 113 Honokaa S Co. 32H S3 1 *
Do (1912) — — Hutch S P Co. 26% *7»«
¦Do lst-cg ss. — — Kllauea S Co. 20 £H»
S P Br 6s 137 128% Makawell S Co 4SH 49
S V Water 63.113^114 Onomea S Co. 28 29
Do 4s 103* i — Paauhau S Co. 29tf — .
S V W 4s(3dm)lo2U — Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 65.. — — IAI Pack Assn. — 121
Water Stocks— -|Cal Fruit Assn 99V4 —
Contra Costa.. 66 6^i|Mer Ex Assn- i:*^% —
Marln County. — — Oceanic S Co.. iV/% 95U
Spring Valley.. 98% 99V4 Pac A F A... t —
Gas & Electric— Pae C Bor Co. 147^4 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 . —
Cent L &. P... 4*4 4%
Morning Session.
10 Giant Powder Con 89 50
10 Giant Powder Con 88 50
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 8» 00
' 125 Honokaa 32 50
415 Hutchinson S P Co; .'....... 27 00
175 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 00
123 Makawell 48 25
100 Paauhau S P.Co.: 29 50
100 S F Gas & Electric C 0..... 54 00
10 Spring Valley Water 98 75
100 Spring Valley Water.. 99 00
40 Spring Valley Water.... 98 87}»
Street—
f2fW> California Street Cable Bonds US 00
50 Oceanic S S Co 95 00
$3000 Los Angeles Railway 55... ........ ..105 25
PRODUCERS', OIL EXCHANGE.
!;.;•*. 'Morning Session.
Board — :K: K -.>t
60 Home Oil 3 65
CAUFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Moraine Session.
Board— ': -"• ¦¦' ' •
125 Barker Ranch 115
400 Anaconda 50
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock • and, Exchange Board yester
day:
. . Morning, Session.
100 Caledonia H 100 Ophlr S3
300 Caledonia 90 500 Overman ..:.... 24
200 Con Cal & Va..l 65 200 Potoel 27
100 Crown Point 15 300 Savage ......... 13
600 Gould & Curry 17 200 Seg Belcher.... 05
400 Justice 07 100 Sierra Nevada. S4.
. 100 Occidental U
The following : were the sales In tb« Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Belcher 23 400 Ophir ;.... 83
200 Best "A Belcher 41 200 Ophir 84
200 Chollar ......... 26 300 Overman 25
300 Con Cal & Va.'.l 70 200 Overman ' 2*
200 Con Cal & V.I 72^ 400 Potosl _27
200 Crown Point.;.. 15 300 Sierra Nevada. 'iS
600 Gould A Curry .17 250 Sierra Nevada. '54
3 800 Gould & Curry IS 200 Sierra Nevada. 58
200 Mexican .... IS 300 Silver Hill OS
SCO Mexican .271 300 Union C0n..... 22
. CLOSING. QUOTATIONS.
BATURDAT, March 10— 12 ra.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice 06 68
Alt* ............ 06 — Kentuck 01 02
Andes 10 W Mexican t. J7 23
Belcher 17 28 Occidental 13 14
Best & Belcher 40 41 Ophtr. S4 »5
Bullion .. .. OS 04 Overman ....... 14 23
Caledonia ...... M. 95 Potosl 27 38
Chollar 16 28 Savag* 13 15
Challenge Con.. 21 23 Scorpion — «3
Confidence ..... 76 80 Seg Belcher...: 04 05
Con Cal & Va..l 75 180 Sierra Nevada. 64 65
Con Imperial... — 02 Silver Hill. — 09
Con New York. — 04 St Louis — 13
Crown Point... 14 .13. 13 Standard JBO2 90
Exchequer ..... — 0* Syndicate ...... — 08
Gould & Curry .17 18 Union Con 11 23
Hale * Norc... 30 32 Utah ..; ,10 11
juUa 7... ¦¦' -¦ ¦ « Tellow Jacket. 17 IS
• Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographio, Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chant*' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
March 10. 1900. ¦ •
The time ball on the tcwer of .the. new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. 1 m., Greenwich .time. •
• " r CL O. CALKINS. -..
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., In charge.-.
Notice to Mariners.'
. Notice is hereby given of the following
changes- in aids to navigation, which affect
the List of Beacons and buoys. Pacific Coast.
1300. . •
Wlllapa Bay — Main channel across the bar
and up the Willapa River. Washington, paga
Wlllapa Bay outer buoy— A black and whlta
perpendicularly striped - first -class can. marked
"W. B." In white, was moved March 1, and 1*
now moored -In forty feet of water, on tha
outer edge of the bar. which Is shifting to tha
southward and marks the entrance to the pres
ent main channel across the oar. Wlltapa Bay
Llghthou!«e, north % east; Goose Point, north
east by east H east; north edge of traes on
Leadbetter Point, east %" north. •'„ '
Inner buoy— A black and white perpendicu
larly striped flrst-clasa nun. was moved March
1 , and is now moored In twenty-nine feet of
water, inside the bar. House on outer end of
wharf Toke Point, north northeast *i-east:
north edge of trees on Leartbetter Point, east
M south; Willapa Ray Lighthouse, north ft
•west -¦*gEjfcSsr*«SJSSr*ECfafetW**JB|H>«Jlr 11
NOTE— A* early a* practicable the Wlllapa
Bay outside bar whistling buoy will be moved
to the southward and In line with the two
foregoing; buoys.
North edge, of Middle Sands Buoy No. t— A
red, flrst'class nun. was moved March 1 ' anil
is now In twenty-nine feet . of water. Housa
on cuter end oX wharf, Toke Point, northeast
by north: north edge of trees on Leadbetter
Point, east southeast Vi east: Willapa. Bay
Lighthouse,' north % west. Vessels should not
pass to the southward of this buoy.
Willapa Bay— Channel to Oyatervllle. pag?
66. Oystervllle Channel -Buoy No 4. On March
1 this buoy, formerly a third-class nun. was
changed* to a second-etass nun, without chantre
in position. .; • ' " -. ..
'¦'Admiralty Inlet. Washington. pa»e 72. Port
Gamble Shoal Buoy No. .1. On March « thla
buoy, a black second-class . can. was discon
tinued. - * f.- -
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
• • E. D. TAUSSIO.
Commander. V. S. ¦ N.. ¦ Lighthouse Inspector.
31
Steamer. From. . Dae.
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 11
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. 11
Male of Cal....|t-orUanu a«r. «
Robt. AdamsoniXanaimo Mar. It
Newport ...... ..(Panama.. Mar. 11
Arcata .Coos Bay _.-. Mar. 11
Newburic 'Grays Harbor Mar. 11
North Fork HumboJdt Mar. U
Wasbtenaw ... Tacoma Mar. 13
Homer Portland Mar. 12
Wellington Oyster Harbor — ... Mar. 12
Pomona San Diego Mar. 12
Pan Pedr0...... Humboldt Mar. 13
Hathor Hamburg.. : Mar. 13
Bristol Oyster Harbor... Mar. 13
Queen Victoria A Puget Sound Mar. 13
Gaelic .......... China and Japan Mar. 13
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 13
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 13
Benmohr Oyster Harbor Mar. 13
Wlllametts .... Settle Mar. 13
Prozreso ....... Tacoma.... Mar. 13
Coos Bay Newport Mar. 1%
Matteawan ....Tacoma Mar. 14
Samoa Humboldt Mar.lt
Tolnt Arena.... Point Arena Mar. 15
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Mar. H
Corona San Diego Mar. 1*
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. II
Bonlta Newport Mar. IS
Walla Walla... Victoria & Pu*et Sound Mar. »
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
City Puebla Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 12, 10 am Pier i
Bcnlta Newport Mar. 13. Sam Pier 11
Aloha Crescent City. Mar. IX J ptn Pier S
Arcata Cooa Bay |Mar. 12. 12 m Pier 13
Pomona .... San Diego [Mar. 14. 11 am Pier 11
State of Cal Portland JMar.lt. 10 am Pier 2t
Kewburgr •• Grays HartJorJMar. 14, 13 in ........
North Fork Humboldt..... Mar. 15. 9am Pier 3
City Peking China AJapan;Mar. 15. 1 pmIPMSS
Homer 'Oregon Ports.jMar. 13, lOamlPter*)
Orizaba ....Humboldt (Mar. 15. 2pm|Pler 9
Coos Bay... Newport Mar. IS. 9am|PlerU
Queen Vie & Pjrt Sd. Mar. 17. 10 am Pier »
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 17. 2pm I Pier t
Samoa ..... Humboldt Mar. 17. 10am|Plerl3
Corona San Diego Mar. I*. 11 amlPler 11
O. W Elder Portland Mar. 19. ID amjPler 14
Newport ... Panama Mar. 13. IS m'PM?3
Steamer.
DATK.
Second Feet.
1839. 19no.
February » — 7.000 14.000
February 26 6.750 14.W0
February 27 6.253 13.700
February 23 8.263 12.500
March 1 12.800 11,9<10
March 2 13.700 11.S0O
March 3 U.Bo© 13.400
DATE.
ISeconti Feet.
1359. I 1900.
February 25 4?5
February 26 485
February 27... 4*5
February 28 4*5
March 1 -..-.. 453
March 2. 425
March 3 425
•00
' 750
T«0
WO
760
760
900
DATE.
I Second Fe«t.
1 am* Co.
t 1599. j 1900. Canal.
.February 25
February 26... .........
February 27
February S3 .'...
March 1
March 2
March 3..'.
1060
950
$50
850
750
750
750
11*0
1060
1180
1180 -
11*0
11S0
10<9»
' 12
12
12
- 12
12
12
12
Second Fact.
DATE. 11 — —
1599. j 1300.
February «..:.. . M«0 445
February 26 KO 445
February 27.... .'.. •« 443
February 28 «« 445
Mafchl.. «93 «*>
March 2...:.... 745
March J «92 743
DATE.
DATE.
1599. 1900.
February M «?
February 1» •••
February 20 ••••• U9
February 21 «««
February »2....... '. MM
February 23 9T3
February M.iT. >7>
729
784
M»
7XO
780
7SO
7SO
Second Fact.
DATE. 11 — —
1599. j 1300.
February «..:.. . M«0 445
February 26 KO 445
February 27.... .'.. •« 443
February 28 «« 445
Mafchl.. «93 «*>
March 2...:.... 745
March J «92 743
DATE.
DATE.
ISeconti Feet.
1359. I 1900.
February 25 4?5
February 26 485
February 27... 4*5
February 28 4*5
March 1 -..-.. 453
March 2. 425
March 3 425
•00
' 750
T«0
WO
760
760
900
DATK.
Second Feet.
1839. 19no.
February » — 7.000 14.000
February 26 6.750 14.W0
February 27 6.253 13.700
February 23 8.263 12.500
March 1 12.800 11,9<10
March 2 13.700 11.S0O
March 3 U.Bo© 13.400
V Time Time Time Time'
& Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
tl ... 2:05 S.I 7:55 5.0 2:41 0.3 1 9:35 4.i"
11 ... 1:59 2.7 8:34 S.O 3:20 0.4 10:10 S.O
13 ... 3:42 7.?. »:4S 6.1 S:S4 0.1 10:42 S.I
14... 4:20 1.9110:38 S.I 4:30 0.» 11:10 . S.2
15 ... 4:55 1.6 11:15 S.O 5:00 1.1 11:33 5.3
18 ... 6:21 1.3 11:57 4.9 6:27 1.4
17 ... 0:00 6.2 6:03 1.0 12:3$ 4.8 6:S3 l.T
Steamer. From. . Dae.
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 11
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. 11
Male of Cal....|t-orUanu a«r. «
Robt. AdamsoniXanaimo Mar. It
Newport ...... ..(Panama.. Mar. 11
Arcata .Coos Bay _.-. Mar. 11
Newburic 'Grays Harbor Mar. 11
North Fork HumboJdt Mar. U
Wasbtenaw ... Tacoma Mar. 13
Homer Portland Mar. 12
Wellington Oyster Harbor — ... Mar. 12
Pomona San Diego Mar. 12
Pan Pedr0...... Humboldt Mar. 13
Hathor Hamburg.. : Mar. 13
Bristol Oyster Harbor... Mar. 13
Queen Victoria A Puget Sound Mar. 13
Gaelic .......... China and Japan Mar. 13
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 13
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 13
Benmohr Oyster Harbor Mar. 13
Wlllametts .... Settle Mar. 13
Prozreso ....... Tacoma.... Mar. 13
Coos Bay Newport Mar. 1%
Matteawan ....Tacoma Mar. 14
Samoa Humboldt Mar.lt
Tolnt Arena.... Point Arena Mar. 15
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Mar. H
Corona San Diego Mar. 1*
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. II
Bonlta Newport Mar. IS
Walla Walla... Victoria & Pu*et Sound Mar. »
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
City Puebla Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 12, 10 am Pier i
Bcnlta Newport Mar. 13. Sam Pier 11
Aloha Crescent City. Mar. IX J ptn Pier S
Arcata Cooa Bay |Mar. 12. 12 m Pier 13
Pomona .... San Diego [Mar. 14. 11 am Pier 11
State of Cal Portland JMar.lt. 10 am Pier 2t
Kewburgr •• Grays HartJorJMar. 14, 13 in ........
North Fork Humboldt..... Mar. 15. 9am Pier 3
City Peking China AJapan;Mar. 15. 1 pmIPMSS
Homer 'Oregon Ports.jMar. 13, lOamlPter*)
Orizaba ....Humboldt (Mar. 15. 2pm|Pler 9
Coos Bay... Newport Mar. IS. 9am|PlerU
Queen Vie & Pjrt Sd. Mar. 17. 10 am Pier »
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 17. 2pm I Pier t
Samoa ..... Humboldt Mar. 17. 10am|Plerl3
Corona San Diego Mar. I*. 11 amlPler 11
O. W Elder Portland Mar. 19. ID amjPler 14
Newport ... Panama Mar. 13. IS m'PM?3
Steamer.
DATE.
I Second Fe«t.
1 am* Co.
t 1599. j 1900. Canal.
.February 25
February 26... .........
February 27
February S3 .'...
March 1
March 2
March 3..'.
1060
950
$50
850
750
750
750
11*0
1060
1180
1180 -
11*0
11S0
10<9»
' 12
12
12
- 12
12
12
12
DATE.
1599. 1900.
February M «?
February 1» •••
February 20 ••••• U9
February 21 «««
February »2....... '. MM
February 23 9T3
February M.iT. >7>
729
784
M»
7XO
780
7SO
7SO• '*•••• • • m w
1230-1232-1234 Market Street.
Lenten Services.
- The Calvarian '.lenten. devotions will
take place at St. Mary's Cathedral this
afternoon at 3 o'clock. ' The director of
the society,. Rev. C. A. Ramm,' will de
liver the sermon, his subject being "Mag
dalene the Penitent." As is customary
on these occasions the way of the cross
will be made and benediction will con
clude the afternoon's exercises.
4 -Boom Furniture
FOR $9§.
BEDROOM— Bedroom set. 7 pieces, hardwood;
1 rood Wire Spring. 1 eooA Top ilattresß, l
Pair Pillow*.
PAKLOR— 6 pieces Oak or Mahogany Up-
holstered Set.
r»INING-ROOM — 1 Hardwood Extension
Triblf. 6 Oak Chain.
KITCHEN— I Patent Table. 1 Ho. 1 Btove. 2
Chain.
Ko extra charge on credit.
MAKE TOUR OWN TERMS.
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St.. Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
The Best Shoe for Women.
35 Varieties!
Finest quality materials
and highest excellence of
cut, fit and workmanship
render this shoe an abso-
lutely perfect article of
dress All the good quali-
ties of ihe best known
makes, adced to many
improvements, are repre-
sented in the "50R0SIS."
All at QQ Cfl Per
One Plies. OOiuU fair.
Tilt hi AAA tt EEE-Bixet 2 to 8.
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY AT
50 THIRD STKEET
SECOND SHOE BTORE BELOW MARKET,
SAN FRAr CISCO.
FREE EOOKLETOF SPRIKO 6TTLES
FOR THE ASKING. * L * l * M
National Union Social Evening.
Next Thursday night the National Union
Social and Literary Club, under the pat
ronage of the San Francisco Cabinet of
that order, will give a delightful social
evening in Odd Fellows' Hall, on which
occasion the following well-known enter
tainers will participate: ' Sichel's orches
tra. Miss Mabel Rlohardson, Miss Belle
Livingston, George Hammersmith, Wil
liam O'Brien; Miss - Roslne Dennery, J.
Casad, Henry G. Lefmann, Kenneth Mc-
Leod, Frederick Rhodes, Mrs. Salena'Ci
prlco and Miss Hope Mosher. The pro
gramme Is made up of musical and liter
ary numbers and a farce, after which
there will be a programme of dancing.
The affair will be under the direction of
W. W. Healey of Golden Gate Council, E.
A. Kidd of the same council, J. N. Bunt
ing of Pacific Council and Fred Hastings
of California Council/-; . ¦;..-.
Balance on hand.... - • 00
Respectfully submitted.
EDWARD EWALD,
CARL G. LARSEN,
R. KELLER,
'"' r VS. H. MENTION,
CHARLES W. POPE,
¦ Executive Committee.
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street
Trustees of Bible Society.
At the annual meeting of the California
Bible Society the following were elected
trustees for the ensuing. year: Annls Mer
rill. :E. P. Flint. William Abbott.- C: S.
Wright, D. Gilbert Dexter. • T. C. John
stone. R.» P. -Wilson,- John -Thompson and
Benjamin Komaine.
SEVEN CONVICTS
SENT TO PRISON
*. * ¦ . * — I'-./.- .
Bert Gray, Who Led the Assault on
Isadore Goulet, Given Ten
Years. ...
Bert Gray, an incorrigible ; and vicious
criminal, was I sentenced to ., ten years in
Folsom Prison by Judge Lawlor yester
day. :; Though young in »years. Gray is old
In crime, and has been before the courts
time and ' again on various ' charges. ' His
first offense for I which he stood trial was
committed in November, 1896. He ; forged
the name of his stepfather to a check for
$20 and was sentenced to serve six months
in the County Jail -~. for the offense. He
later gained notoriety by. leading the at
tack on 1 aged Isidore < Goulet at his resi
dence: on Golden Gate avenue. The old
man was beaten nearly to death by; Gray
and two companions.- The latter are now
serving long terms in prison, but Gray
escaped ; punishment « for. : this offense.-
Shortly .after -this -he entered a hotel In
Martinez and stole all ;¦ of the . money in
the, safe. .For this crime : he served slx<
months in the County Jail, or at least was
sentenced to this 'term, but he escaped
before ne had "done" his time, v
Coming. to this city he obtained employ
ment in a 'hotel at .614 Sutter street, and
while there, robbed '¦' the ' rooms of two
guests. ?-i Last ' week ? he was , convicted on
two charges of , burglary, ; and ; yesterday
appeared before Judge Lawlor / f or ¦ sen
tence... In passing sentence Judge Lawlor
said he believed the criminal to be of the
most ." depraved ', character and -he £ would i
impose the 7 extreme ; penalty,? allowed .by
law— five years for each charge, or a total
of ten years, in. the penitentiary.^ .-..¦¦
-After.Gray.took his ' seat Judge Lawlor
.committed JoseptuE. Gilllgan. 1 who plead
ed ' cull ty •to a charge of forgery, ¦ to " Saa
Golden Oak, Morris Easy Chair.
Upholstered in pretty, colored
velour. AMorris chair always
pleases; it oonforms so readily
to every desire of comfort and
need in aohkir $5.75
Brass - trimmed, / richly carved,
silk, velvet and leather upholstered
oak and mahogany Morris chairs
in great variety, up to $35.00
¦ : Mahogany, quartered oak, ; birds-
eye . maple— rich •- carvings; > artistic
shapes in Chiffoniers. $15 to $50.
Elegance with convenience is . a
feature in our dining-room furniture.
Massive, J richly carved golden and
Flemish oak; and mahogany round
end extension tables; ss.4o to $80.00
Drapery Department— Opening
an elegant line oi Nottingham lace
curtains. New; patterns. Batten-
burg effects |i.50;t0 ¦J7.00 a pair.
CARPET, DEPARTMENT
Rameses Oriental Rugs, 2}{ feet
wide, 4'yi. feet long. *¦> Fringed * ends.
Bright colors'. Striking patterns.
Velvety effect. A rug for any [ part
of the house: ; $l.lO
Free Delivery,' Oakland,' Alamed*, Berkeley
M^FRIEDJ^N^CO^
233 to 237 Pott St.
Open evening* ' Near Stocktom
CO-OPERATIVE HOMES.
Artists of Exceptional Merit Have
Pledged Their Talents in a
Good Cause.
The accomplished artists who have con
sented to do something at Golden Gate
Hall next Tuseday afternoon and evening,
March 13. to benefit the co-operative
homes have pledged their talents in a
good cause. Two of these homes have
been established in San Francisco — one at
645 Folsom street. and the other at 4 Ver
non place. The homes are for eelf-re
specting and self-supporting, small-sal
aried young women, who cannot, because
of* meager earnings, secure safe and com
fortable boarding places in the ordinary
way. - v. ¦"--- «
The entertainment at Golden Gate Hall
next Tuesday afternoon, March 13, will
introduce Miss Gwin. Instrumental music;
Tom Green, tenor solo; -Miss Ida Wyatt,
comic 6ong and dance; Ferris Hartmann;
Miss Julia Cotte, soprano solo; Alf C.
Wnelan. specialty; Miss Frances Graham,
contralto solo; pupils of Carro True
Boardman. cake-walk; Miss Annie Mey
ers, selection, and Miss Flora Bollinger,
soprano solo. The story of the home will
be told by Rev. -Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
who founded the first home in New York
and commended the plan to San Fran
cisco.
¦ Joy and mirth will reign at the even-
Ing's performance in Golden Gate Hall.
The programme will introduce such tal
ented artists as Billy Hynes, Ben Tar
box. Lewis F. Thorn. Joseph Rosborogh,
Oscar F. Frank, Frank S. Thompson,
Miss Ryan. Mrs. J. E. Birmingham, the
Knickerbocker quartet, George Ryan,
Bron L. Bums. There will be an exhibi
tion by members of the Olymbic Club.
NOW FOR SPRING
With a Great Assortment of
UPTO-DATE
GARMENTS!
We shall display during the coming week th©
Newest Styles in LADIES' TAILORED SUITS,
JACKETS, CAPES and DRESS SKIRTS. It is the
most complete showing we have ever made, and
one well worthy of your inspection. A few price,
hints will interest you :
CHEVIOT STHTS— In Nary. Green and ' CLOSINO B.AXB OF
Black; with pleated skirts; double-breasted f*-f\r MS" f* M B9K a «a
jackets; newest cut. _
PLAID GOLF CAPEB-We» »-»; now
HOMESFTTX SUITS— Eton Jacket*; some / $1,73
single and some double breasted; some with
velvet revers, neatlr stitched; sklrU have -CHEVIOT OOLF CAPES— With plaid
box pleat." ' flounce; wer. 14,60; now .
3T.SO m2 ' 9 ?
' IMPORTED HOMESPUN SIHTS-New- CAPEsS.W^« IlW^o/^^ 0 " ° OL *
est cut; silk-lined • Jackets; new Wattean $3.9S
pleated skirts. NAVT KERSET> wjth PLAID
$>13. 50 tO $15.00 FLOUNCE; were 110.00; now
.......: »¦
CAMEL'S HAIR ENGLISH COVERT ~
TAILOR . SUITS — Novelty cut; lined uACKETSm
throughout" Jacket and skirt with best Taf- ..Or NEW STYLES now ready for lsspeo-
feta «llk:"«trlctly men-tailored. tJon: "»*?* *'^ c fro *
$25.00 $5.00t052a00
NOVEI/TT SUITS-Exqulslte flnjsh; «t- Ev^irSKTTr^ «* t^f'^Tt"!!"
elusive .tyles-ranim* ,„ price from ¦ ' uS?": 8 ?. I ?^^ KT&Fta&Sd
330.00 to 565.00 moderate
HELEN M'LAUGHLIN
SUES FOR ALIMONY
Says Her Husband Is Worth, a For
tune, but Refuses to Sup
port Her.
Helen McLaughlln has. sued James L.
McLaughlln for maintenance and support.
In' her complaint Mrs. McLaughlin alleges
that she married her husband at Oakland
on November 13, 1899. In January of this
year she says her husband drove her from
their rooms at S5 Ninth street, and not
withstanding the fact that he Is worth
KOfi'jO he has since refused to contribute
toward her support. She asks for $200 a
month alimony.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Address by a Man From Siam.
The young men's meeting at the Yonng
Men's Christian Association this after
noon at 3 o'clock will be especially In
teresting and Is to be addressed by Rev.
John Carrington, recently from Slam. All
young men are Invited to attend.
School Vacation to Begin To-Morrow.
The regular March school vacation will
begin to-morrow and continue during the
week. School teachers are pleased at the
announced intention of Auditor Wells
that he will disregard a certain section of
the charter which provides that em
ployes of the city government shall be
compensated only for the time they are
actually employed. Mr. Wells holds that
the teachers are paid by the month and
not by the day, and they will therefore
receive a full month's salary.
The Board of Education has decided
that It will pay the water bills contracted
Convert to Lecture.
Hon. Henry C. Dillon, one of the prom
inent lawyers of Los Angeles, will lecture
next Monday evening. March 12. at Metro
politan Hall upon the subject. "Why I An
a Catholic." The lecture will be given un
der the auspices of the lecture bureau of
the Young Men's Institute, and Is one of
the regular course of this season.
The, fact that Mr. Dillon is a convert to
Catholicism will give added Interest to
what he has to say, and the public, es
pecially non-Catholics, are cordially In
vited. Tickets are complimentary and
can be obtained on application at the
headquarters of the T. M. I.
by the School Department, which wen
heretofore paid out of a special fund.
This will amount to about $1200 a month.
Quentln for fourteen years, and ¦William
Cochrane, convicted of larceny, to ten
years in San Quentln. Joseph James,
convicted of an assault upon Frances
Hlrsch, was sent to Folsozn for twelve)
years, and Henry Johnson was given ten
years for robbery.
Judge Cook sentenced Frank Morris,
convicted of burglary, to San Quentln for
a term of five years, and John Thornton,
convicted on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon, was sent to San Quentln
for eighteen months by Judge Dunne.
SHRINERS' PILGRIMAGE
TO SACRAMENTO CITY
Nobles of Islam Temple to Introduce
the Mysteries of the Order in
the Capital.
Imperial Potentate Noble John A- At
wood of Leavenworth, Kans.. having
granted : a special dispensation to Islam
Temple of San Francisco, Reuben P.
Hurlbut, potentate, and Hiram T. Graves,
recorder, that body of th© Ancient Arabic
Order of the Mystic Shrine will meet on
the 24th inst. in the Masonic Temple, Sac
ramento, for . the reception ¦ and balloting
on applications , to join the . order. at 4
o'clock In the afternoon. At 8 o'clock In
the evening there will be the ceremonies
which { always make these meetings ex
ceedingly Interesting. The card that has
been sent out to members announces that
there will be a "gorgeous procession, Mos
lem rejoicings, Oriental mysteries and an
Illustrated narrative of the night journey
to Mecca. 'Hoot Mon' Noble Tom Scott
of j Sacramento will marshal the evening
parade in all the resplendent trappings of
his noble ancestors who led the charge at
Bannockburn." >
The nobles of Sacramento have kindly
volunteered their services and will have
full charge of the business, parade and
ceremonies. It Is expected that 150 of the
members of Islam Temple will go ' to the
scene of the mysteries and festivities, for
there will be a grand banquet at 11 o'clock
at night. The committees who will be In
charge will be: Reception— Nobles W. F.
Peterson, F. L. Thirkleld, J. H. Heitman,
B. F. Btoll.W. M.Petrie, W.D. Knights,
John Hurley, W. A. Gett Jr., L. C. Schin
dler, Charles T. Barton. Banquet— Nobles
T. B. Reid, Henry Halborn, C. A. Luhrs,
W. R. Jones, C. M. Carlson. Entertain
ment—Nobles H. E. Reid, J. E. Thompson.
E. W. Hale, W. A. Stephenson, T. J.
Hall, A. P. Burr, F. "W. Book, W. E. Ger
ber, E. C. Hopkins, August Meisler. Pa
rade—Noble T. J. Scott, marshal: Charles
M. Coglan, Dr. W. H. Baldwin, Arab
patrol— Nobles ."William Edwards, R. Alex
ander, George E. Dierson, L.. Haynes, - C.
R. Goss, John Grubler.'H. C. Keys, F. W.
Klesel, F. T. Johnson, Carl Leonard, J. P.
Moulter, John Brune, E. P. Colgan, C. E.
Scheunert. Charles J. Noack, W. B. Davis,
E. B. Wallis, J. A. Cunningham, W. : W.
Douglass, Thomas Fraser, A. J.~ Johnson,
M. A. Ketcham, J. M. Morrison, J. W.
Wilson and C. G. "Woodburn. Decorations
—Noble L. F. Brenner, W. F. Knox, F. W.
Heintzleman, George Clark. Surgeons for
the occasion— Nobles W. F. Wiard. W. H.
Baldwin, G. A. White.
SAND DUNES ARE MADE
BEAUTIFUL BY ENERGY
Progressive Sunset Rehabilitates the
Sun-Burned Hills South of
the Park.
Enterprising and progressive property
ownere have succeeded in making what a
few years ago was a waste of sand dunes
a place of beauty and pleasure for subur
ban residence. During the past six years
street and avenue improvements followed
In such rapid successslon that the south
ern side of the Golden Gate Park began
to attract attention. From a few Indus
trious families who started In to improve
the section about Seventh avenue the
progress " of the Sunset Valley com
menced, and to-day Nineteenth avenue Is
a modernized thoroughfare, macadamized
and passable for several blocks.
The following report of the executive
committee of the Nineteenth-avenue
Boulevard Club will explain how and by
whom this section has been Improved:
To the Officers and Members of the Nine
teenth-avenue Boulevard Clvb — Gentlemen: Some
three months ago your executive committee wu
Intrusted with the work of securing subscrip
tions from the property owners for the pur
pose of planting bunch grass on the sand dunes
to the west of Nineteenth avenue. The object
of this was to prevent the drifting of the sand
over the roadway of Nineteenth avenue, now
being: graded and macadamized from Golden
Gate Park to Ingleslde.
Your committee begs to report that *fter a
great expenditure of time and labor on their
part the work committed to their charre has
been accomplished In a manner that they trust
will be satisfactory to your organisation, and
also to the property owners who so grenerously
contributed to the expense thereof. » We have
planted about eight acres at the lower end of
the avenue, between I and X streets westward,
and on the high plateau south of C street about
twenty-seven acres, running three blocks from
O to It streets, and westward about 850 feet '
The grass Is beginning to grow vigorously,
and without doubt will accomplish the object
so much desired. We believe that this Is the
first time that an effort has been made on a
large 6cale to plant the sand dunes with grass
to stop the sand from drifting.
We desire to call the attention of the city
government, through the medium of the press,
to this important work. We have found by ac
tual experience that grass can be planted at a
comparatively small expense. We estimate
that in all the district south of Golden Gate
Park there are about 2000 acres, more or less,
ot drifting sands, and this whole district could
be planted at a comparatively small expense —
somewhere In the neighborhood of $30,000. If
this extensive territory were reclaimed It would
then be possible to survey accurately. . to grade
and to put the property in shape for use. and In
a short time the Increased value for - taxable
purposes would . amply reimburse the city, for
the first cost of the work. An ample
supply of grass for planting : this district
can be had from the vicinity of the park and
the ocean beach. . We cannot conceive of any
public Improvement that could be undertaken
which would be of more benefit to the city of
San Francisco than this, and hope, now • that
the attention of the press and the public has
been called to this important matter. 'that an
effort will b« made to make this suggestion ef
fective, -
We present herewith a statement of receipts
and expenditure* incurred in . the ¦¦ prosecution
of this work, and would recommend that some
copies be printed and sent to the contributors
to the grass-planting fund:, ..:
RECEIPTS.
Carl O. Larsen — ............. ......."...... .fioo 00
Main & Winchester... 25 00
Mrs. Phebe Hearst ..........'..... 25 00
E. M. Witherby ..;.- 25 00
Mrs. L. E. Pratt. 25 00
Louts Llpman I 25 00
George Crim..v. 20 00
C. A. H00per........... 20 00
Edwin Goodall 10 00
Goldberg & Bowen 00
Mrs. B. A. Daly.... : "...:... '10 00
C. H. Cushman :......".: .".:.. ...-.¦¦ 5 00
W. R. Christy... ....:..;.V...... 200
W.-H. Mention....... .5 00
A. M. Rosenbaum. .¦...."..;;.. 40 00
I. Liebes... .'.............. 25 00
City Street Improvement C0mpany.: ....... 25 00
Mrs. E. V. Hathaway.... -.;.-.. ......r........ 25 00
W. J. Regan ......\. ............. 20 00
Thomas-Bishop ......:..;. : —'20 00
William N. McCarthy ........;....;..'.• 20 00
M. H. de Young.... ...:....... 20 00
W.- E. White.............. ....; -10 00
Thomas Mellest..... 10 00
Eol Gets..". ..................;.....:....* 10 00
P. J. Kennedy .....r........v....;.7.".' 7 50
Jacob Heyman. ....... ......¦................;; "5 00
Total ; '.JS39 60
EXPENSE OF PLANTING GRASS. .
To R. Keller, 7 acres at $15 per acre.".V.V'.slos 00
To G. ¦ E. Jackeon.- 21>4 * acres at $16 '? per
acre :........v....;:..r.. .;...... S4O 00
To G. E. Jackson, S% acres, by day work. <88 50
\ Total ..i..*.V.r.r.^^....V.'.'.-.;.'. < .^.^;..'.".V.i6M*»
write for our new spring and summer
catalogue, mailed free.
Captain A. A. Hanks, ex-ceptaln of the
signal corps, will. It la paid, be apDOinted
Bl^nal officer on the brigade staff, vice
Maior Evans, who will be promoted signal
officer on the division staff, vice Colonel
D. E. Miles, recently appointed assistant
adjutant general.
Major Sehmitt of the division staff is
preparing a new form of consolidated re
ports which, when filled out, will £how at
a glance the status of every regiment of
the guard, and will be a decided improve
ment on the system now In vogue.
There will soon be an election for en
sign In the sixth division of the Naval
Militia. It Is probable that no steps will
be taken to have a division of the Naval
Militia at Oakland or at Los Angeles until
after the seesion of the next Legislature,
for the reason that the board of location
cannot, under the law as It now stands,
locate any more companies of the guard.
Colonel W. R. Johnson has been or
dered to muster in Company I at Han
ford to take the place of one of the vol
unteer companies that did not return to
the guard.
Many of the companies lof the guard
have received uniforms, and the others
will be supplied as rapidly as possible.
m the domestic
department.
dainty new cotton foulards,
29 inches wide, in navy -blue
and blue and black grounds,
with up to date white figures,
the yard only 30c
150 dozen . huck towels,
fringed, 20x40 inches. J. J.
O'Brien & Co.'s price the.
dozen, $2.00; now, each, 14c
150 pair white blankets, all
wool, size 70x82 inches; fine
selected wool and silk bound,
pink and blue borders. J. J.
O'Brien & Co.'s price $7.50;
now, the pair, $6.00.
250 dozen pillow cases.
a good quality muslin, fl-
inch hem —
45x36 inches, ioc each.
50x36 inches, I2j4c each
54x36 inches, 14c each.
150 pieces table damask,
bleached, all linen —
62 inches wide, 50c yard.
66 inches wide, 65c yard.
70 inches wide, 75c yard.
72 inches wide, $1.00, $1.25
and $2.00 yard. -;
350 white crochet bed-
spreads, double-bed size,
heavy 3-ply yarn, hemmed
ready for use. each only 90c.
125 Marseilles spreads, dou-
ble-bed size, elegant raised
novelty designs, and hemmed,
ready for use, each $2.50.
lace curtains
and draperies.
just 120 pair of ecru and
white lace curtains in a dainty
pattern, full 4 yards long by
60 inches wide, per pair now
only $1.60.
about 250 pair of ecru and
white curtains, -314 yards long,
in pretty patterns, a good va-
riety to choose from, made
from specially selected yarns,
some of them are. per pair,
$1.35; others are $1.25.
Japanese art crepe, 26 inches
wide, plenty of designs and
colorings, the yard only 7c
(\f\A& ribbons
J^fc*^? at e abo . ut
( /(jr / half price
a bit more than half in
some instances, but consider-
able less in others, "table
load" of best quality satin and
gros-grain ribbon, all fresh,
and good line of shades, in
numbers 16, 22, 30 and 40.
J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price
25c to 30c the yard; now 17c.
a big lot of all-silk taffeta
ribbon, in a good line of
shades, in numbers 12, 16, 22
and 40. J. J. O'Brien & Co.'j
price from 15c to 20c per
yard; now 10c.
86,000 handkerchiefs at
less than half price.
we bought out a whole factory'! sup-
ply of ladies', men's and children's
handkerchiefs. our entire purchase
amounted to 120,000 handkerchiefs.
3000 dozen of these we kept, and gave
the rest to our other, stores, they are
the entire lot left over from a last sea-
son's factory selling, they are nearly
all perfect, occasionally a thread is
dropped in sewing the border on. and a
few became a bit soiled in handling, but
the great majority are perfect goods, if
you can find what you want a great sav-
ing is here for you.
ladies' plain white hemstitched hand-
kerchiefs, worth 5c to ioc, now 35c
dozen, or each 3c.
ladies' plain hemstitched and fancy
lace and embroidery handkerchiefs, and
men's plain hemstitched handkerchiefs,
worth ioc to 15c each, now only 55c a
dozen, or each only sc.
ladies' lace-edge embroidery hem-
stitched and lace insertion trimmed
handkerchiefs, worth 15c and 20c: also
a large lot of men's colored border
handkerchiefs, worth i2 T /k and 15c
each; these to sell $1.00 dozen, or each
only 9c.
_ ¦
j*»r rods.
a lot of Germantown wool, in all the
best colors, full skeins. J. J. O'Brien
& Co.'s price 12c; now 9c each. ¦
a lot of very desirable cushion tops.
J. J. O'Brien & Co's price 25c; now
15c. ''%>>.;.;;
spring millinery.
coming events cast
-gfcfl their shadows, this week
' ?!r5?3 our millinery depart-
/SSpkj&S ment will begin to show
& signs of the corning
'#•¦^^"^7 opening. our skilled
<Cs<|£- X/ y milliners are turning out
*$¥%¦*£ atS every 4 ay> YOU can
>j/^»--^t see something new al-
': : s3Cr*» most. every hour, then,
" ¦"xTV*^' too » ? ur millinery buyer
V^o^- has just returned from
the east with many new
imported hats, come in and get ac-
quainted with the styles.
#™^ hosiery and nnderwear.
children's fine imported black cotton hose, with white feet; very fine rib:
full fashioned; extra double knees: sizes sto 9. J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price 2.ic
pair- now three pairs for 50c.
boys' corduroy ribbed fast black cotton hose, extra heavy weight: made
of double carded, hard-twisted, domestic cotton; long and elastic; sizes 6 to 10;
a knockabout hose for hard wear. T. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price 25c pair; now
19c pair,.
ladies' rembrandt dropstitch fast black cotton hose, fashioned, elastic
and seamless; high-spliced heel and toe; sizes 8l8 l / 2 to 10. J. J. O'Brien & Ca's
price 20c pair: now 14c
boys' waists, in light, medium and dark colors, some with large sailor
collars; others with small turn-down collar; sizes for ages 4 to 10 years; now
19c each. . 2*v •
ladies' aprons, made of good quality lancaster gingham; neat, blue and
brown apron checks; full size. .16 inches by 42 inches, i-inch band at top. J. J.
O'Brien & Co.'s price 20c; now 12c each.
§0^ dress goods and silks.
boucle cloaking, comes in plain and fancy colors, full 50 inches wide, spe-
cially desirable for children's coats and wraps. J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price
$1.50 and $2.25 per yard; now 75c yard.
; fancy zibeline plaid, specially adapted for fancy skirts, 36 inches wide.- J.
J. O'Brien & Co.'s price 50c; now 37c. f;,v: .
black crepon, a heavy, bright fabric in medium designs, 37 inches wide.
J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price soc; now 39c. • >
colored crepons, only. a limited quantity; three styles to select from: makes
a stylish costume; 40 inches wide. T. J. O'Brien's price 85c and $1.00; now
59c.
colored velvets, a superb quality, in browns, olives, myrtle, castor, navy,
purple, tans, etc.; 19 inches wide. J. T. O'Brien's price* sl.so; now 79c yard.
fancy, silk, full 20 inches wide, in mosaic and scroll designs, extra heavy,
all in dark colors. J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price $1.50 yard; now 75c yard. Only
a limited quantity. -^
Hales.
47 ; i-2c ; on the dollar was the price we paid— the stock was
taken at retail price— for over thirty years J. J. O'Brien & Co. was
known as a household word for high - class merchandise— gener-
ations supplied their daily wants there—at one time they did
the largest business on the Pacific Coast — 47 I-2C on the dollar
to us means we. can sell you many of these lines at about 50c
on.the. the dollar, others will be marked 60c and some as high as 75c
on the dollar of J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s retail price. Those of you
who know the policy J. J. O'Brien & Co. pursued of "never be-
ing undersold" will realize what these prices mean to you — high-
class merchandise at hurry out prices is the rule during this great
sale.
FOUR MEN WHO
WOULD SERVE
AS COLONELS
.Number That May Vote for
Duboce and for Thomas
O'Neil.
AEajor Tllden Is in th« Field With
Thirteen Votes — Changes in
the Brigade and Divis
ion Staffs.
The exciting topic In the National
Guard at this time Is as to the colonelcy
of the First Regiment Infantry. There
are now fojtir candidates for first honors
in that regiment. First is Lieutenant
Colonel V. D. Duboce. who. while not an
avowed candidate, and will not do poli
tics to secure the position, would accept
It If tendered him by his fellow officers'
votf s. as he feels that he would be bound
to accept. Then there Is Captain Thomas
F. O'Nell of Company M, Vho is an
avowed candidate and who Is using all
means, in an honorable way. to ascertain
who will vote for him. Major Charles L.
Tllden Is also in the field, and it is stated
that Colonel H. P. Bush would accept if
the position were offered him, although
he is not making a fight for It.
There has been a canvass of the officers
cf the twelve companies for Duboce and
O'lCell with the following result, the fig
ures under each name showing the num
ber of officers in each company for that
particular candidate:
DUBOCE. . CTXKIL.
Company A I'Company A 1
Company B liCompanyß 2
Company C OiCompany C t
Company D 1 Company D 1
Company E 0 Company E %
Company F 3'3 ' Company F 0
Company 0 3 Company G 0
Cornpar.y II 0 Copjpar.y H 8
Company 1 2 Company I l
Company X 2 Company X 1
Company L 1 Company L 2
Company M, 0 Company M 3
Field _ » Field 0
Total 1»| Total SO
Betides this combination, there is an
other. In case there Is a change in these
figures. Some who are elated for these
candidates mi to ht change to Tllden. If It
should appear that there is a chance for
Tllden there would be a change to the
extent of 13 votes. That is, the votes of
the officers of companies C. G. F and X,
located in the Ellin-street armory, twelve
In number, and that at the candidate
himself would be solid for Tilden. With
13 votes out of the 3i<, it is said that the
four companies named can swing the elec
tion for their candidate. That was the
condition of affairs yesterday afternoon,
but there is no telling what may occur
before the election is called for.
There may t>e an upsetting of all these
plans, because the ofiicers who have been
elected have not yet passed before the ex
amininp board as to their qualifications.
end as the board Is now constituted it Is
to use the language of some of the offi
cers of the Fifth Regiment who appeared
before it and failed, "the hardest board
that the Second Brigade has ever had."
It is just possible that some of the offi
cers-elect may not pass a satisfactory ex
amination, and in that case new men
¦would have to be elected, and they might
rmt be In the proportions that are on the
slate.
For lieutenant rolonel of the regiment
it is thought that those who did not get
the position of colonel would not refuse
to take the chance of being elected and
as lor majors, it is asserted that every
caytain who expects a commission would
like to wear the gold oak leaf on his
¦boulder Ftrap. In audition, there are two
outsiders who are named a* candidates
These are Thomas J. Cunningham, late
captain of Company K. who was mus
tered out of the First California Volun
teers as major of that regiment. The
other is Harry F. McGurren. who until
recently wa« second lieutenant of Com
pany D of the First.
Major H. A. Hosmer. Inspector of rifle
practice of the Second Brigade staff will
it js said, be appointed Inspector on the
division staff with the rank of lieutenant
coloneL Major J. A. Margo. now com
missary on the brigade staff, will proba
bly be appointed Inspector of that bri
gade, vice Jansen. r*-s:gned. Captain Phil
J. Perkins, who was captain of the signal
corps of the Second Brigade, went to ila
n'.la as li^utenart of the First Company
of the United States Volunteer Signal
Corps and was must*>red out captain In
that branch of the service. Is said to be
elated as commissary on the Second Bri
gade staff, vice Margo, to be promoted.
Hales.
I ¦ Hales.
Hales.
Hales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 11, lOOO:
Hale*.
jjf^otiotffa men's goods.
men's brown mixed cotton sox. full
seamless and good firm quality. J. J.
O'Brien & Co.'s price 8 I-.l cents: now
5c pair.
men's gray ribbed wool underwear,
shirts silk- faced, pearl buttons; drawers.
Silesia faced; seams all overcast. J. T.
O'Brien & Co.'s price $1.00 each; now
69c each.
men's scarlet knit underwear, an all-
wool garment, good weight, but in
broken lines only. J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s
price $1.00; now 69c
specials for the toilet
and for the kitchen.
glycerine soap, a Rood transparent
soap; per bar only 10c. s, .
cosmo buttermilk soap, 3 cakes in a
box; per box only 25c.
Pozzoni's dove face powder, in flesh,
cream and brunette; only, 15c.
Listerated tooth powder; J. J.
O'Brien's & Co.'s price 25c; now 15c
flour sifters only ioc. . •
milk kettles — one quart ioc. two
quarts 14c.
coal hods, japanned, only ioc
12-quart water pails, only ioc
over 700 pairs of real French kid
gloves, in 4 and 8 button suede and 12,
16 and 20 button length opera gloves.
J. J. O'Brien & Co. sold the 4 and 8
button lengths at $1.50 and $1.75, and
the 12 to 20 button lengths at $1.75 to
$3.00 per pair; the entire lot now, per
pair, 95c.
the 4 and 8 button lengths in tan,
mode, nile, lavender, old rose, pearl
and pink, sizes ss^ to 6Y\.
12 to 20 button lengths come in sizes
from s J A to 6^, in a large assortment of
colors.
these gloves will be on the center
tables in the first aisle.
|L " SllltS
NUJmuritß? skirts,
ffi*' I waists
*^ and
jackets
68 ladies' black kersey
boucle and beaver jackets, fly
fronts and double-breasted ef-
fects; some lined throughout
with silk, while others are
only partly lined or faced,
lay down collars, sizes 32 to
40. J. J. O'Brien & Co.'«
price $5.00; now ?2.45.
31 ladies* colored camel's hair
plaid dress skirts, nicely lined
throughout with percaline
and bound with corduroy;
sizes 40 to 44 length. J. J.
O'Brien & Co.'s price $5.00;
now 92.89.
29 ladies' teagowns, colors
red, cadet, brown, navy blue
and black. some nicely
trimmed with lace insertion
down front, while others ara
trimmed with deep .ruffle over
shoulder; turn-down collar,
lined all through; sizes 32 to
3& J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s
price $7.50; ifow $3.75.
50 doz. ladies' house wrap-
pers in flannelette and. per-
cale, mostly medium shades,
tight body lining, some with
caps over shoulder, others
nicely " trimmed in braid:
some with flounce, others
plain: siz»— %2 to 44. J. J.
O'Brien & Co.'s price $1.50;
now 75c.
no misses' and children's
jackets, colors blue. red.
brown, tan and cadet, some
nicely trimmed in braid, while
others' are appliqued; double-
breast and blouse eton effects:
sizes 4to 12. J. J. O'Brien &
Co.'s price $2.00 and $2.50;
now 75c. J .'t*:.
40 dozen ' ladies' percale
wash waists, in_ narrow and
wide stripe, plain and fancy
yokes, plain and self-colored
collars and cuffs, sizes 32 to
44. J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s
price $1.00; now 50c
W^S9^ notions.
' 150 pair 4-inch shell ride-
combs, with fancy open work
tops. J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s
price ioc and I2s4c pair; now
5c
shell hair ornaments. 6
inches long, with fancy ooen
tops. J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s
pnee ioc each: now 5c
Mme. Gair's Queen dress
skirt supporter, for holding
skirts and waists tosrether. I.
J. J. O'Brien & Ox's price
25c; now 15c.
ostrich feather collarettes.
18 inches long. J. J. O'Brien
& Co.'s once $2.q0 to $10.00;
now $1.00 to $6.00. A
" THE CREDIT HO USE'
Six Stork* High
I p T^-jm. i, n
32