ROBERTS GRATEFUL
FOR QUEENS WORDS
LONDON, Feb. 28.— 1n her dispatch to
Lord Roberts following the announcement
of the surrender . of GeneraK Cronje ~- her
Majesty said: -, , . . '. _ .
"Accept for. yourself and all under your
command my, warmest congratulations on
this splendid news." — . : . ,
¦Lord Roberts replied as follows:
. "All under ¦my : command are
grateful foryourMaJesty's most gracious
message. • Congratulations fronv their
Queen are an ' honor the ¦ soldiers dearly
prize." -
General Buller. has wired his thanks to
the v Queen for her telegram of gracious
sympathy and encouragement. .
CONGRESSMEN TO CRONJE.
WASHINGTON, ,', Feb. 28.—Representa
tive : Fitzgerald -of Massachusetts '. to-day ;
passed around among his Democratic col
leagues | the •¦-. following cable >to 'General
Cronje, the defeated Boer general. ~ Up to
to-day, about thirty of them had slgntd It:
"General " CronJel'Cape Towiv Africa:
Members of the United States House cf
Representatives ;| congratulate .s you -and
your ; soldiers on^ the magnificent' display
of courage \ and ¦: heroism ¦In your " brave
fight for. human rights." t , . ? ¦.:
CONFLICTS AT BELFAST.
BELFAST, " Feb. 28.— A v rumor, . that
Ladysmith had been relieved led to street
demonstrations } ln* Belfast ¦ to-day which
precipitated conflicts between the Orange
men and Nationalists; There was consid
erable , stone i throwing . and many • persons
were. injured and .some property damaged.
LONDON, March 1, 9a, m.—lt is officially an
nounced that Ladysmith has been relieved.
LpNDON, March 1, 9:52 A. M.—The War
Office has received the following dispatch frotn
General BuUer:
"Lyttleton's. Headquarters, March 1, 9:QE>,
morning.—General Dundonald with the Natal Car
bineers and a composite regiment entered Lady»
cr m if'hlci^f'nic'ili'f" • -
V3IIIILII Iclo L lll^ilLt - • '- v
" The country between here and Ladysmith
is reported clear of the enemy. lam moving on
Neithorpe." a
LONDON, March i, 4:15 a. m. —General Buller's distinct successin storming... PietersVljill
brings the rescue of Ladysmith near, biitthe War Office .intimated late last evening that
immediate announcement of relief need not be expected. The goings to and fro at mld-°
night of officials and messengers suggested that important news had been received^ ! If this were
the case Lord Lansdowne obviously desired to sleep on it before taking the'public into his con
fidence. V
As his message reveals, General Buller's successful attack came after the.hard fighting > of
Friday, and it was improvised and its execution begun during the armistice of Sunday.. In pro
posing the armistice the British commander stipulated that both sides should be free to move, but
that neither should do any shooting. He was therefore within his privileges in immediately >be-
General Buller's tidings come weighted with'a long list of casualties. . His losses in J the
four attempts to get General White out aggregate 4000. '
Ladysmith is in desperate straits. Charles Williams, the military expert, says he learns on
very high authority —presumably that of Lord Wolseley —that "General White's' force. is almost
at its last gasp." ¦ .... .... ' ' ., -^~: ..i P
The water of Klip River is not available .for drinking, and to boil it is'impossible, because,.
of the scarcity of fuel. _ It is thick.\yjth puirid ammal'matter.Teamade of it h'as'a siw
something like beef tea. It is^caused by the sewage from the-Boer^ camps:?' ,: :: ?:','.:
Mr. Williams adds that when news like this passes under thvo thumb of the censor it more-
than offsets whatever jolly news may be heliographed from Ladysmith: -* * \ • .
There is no authoritative indication yet of what Lord Roberts will do next. It seems likely
that a branch railway will be built across the veldt to lessen the difficulties of transportation.
Colonel Girouard, who built the Soudan railway, is with Lord Roberts. t The strain on the. west
ern railway is seen from the fact that the population of Kimberley, two weeks after the relief, con
tinues on reduced rations. Lord Roberts' troops thus far have been only partially fed-
It is quite clear to the technical heads that those who talk of an immediate and rapid ad
vance far intp the Free State do not realize the transport conditions. The Boers, as it now appears,
have built a "railway from Harrismith to Kroomstadt to facilitate the movement of their troops
between Natal and the Free State.
Mafeking was holding out on February 16. At that time the.-Boers were showing unusual
activity and firing inflammable shells. . . : , , '
The Boers who hold positions south of the Orange River have been weakened.
Lieutenant Barentzen, writing on behalf of himself and of other Scandinavian prisoners,
affirms that there are no mercenaries in the Boer army and no volunteers who receive a penny for
their services. . •_']
Gibson Bowles, Conservative member of Parliament for Kings Lynn, who was much struck
by the statement of Cecil Rhodesthe other day, that the profits of the De Beers Company last
year were 2,000,000 pounds sterling, and that there are diamonds in 'Kimberley now valued at
167,000 pounds sterling, intends to suggest to Mr. Balfour, First Lord of the Treasury, that the
rescued property.be distributed among the troops as salvage, or at least be applied to the relief of
the widows and orphans of the iallen.
GREAT BRITAIN'S BIG
LIST OF CASUALTIES
WjS\ LONDON, Peb.. 2(B.— ¦Lord Roberts has forwarded 'an* additional
¦ • list- of the British casualties during the ; three days' flghting'at
Paardeberg, showing twelve killed, eighty-two wounded and ¦four
• missing, and including ~seven*'offlcers and four Canadian privates
wounded. -\ • ' '
The rapidly growing casualty lists are being classified as
quickly as possible. They show that up to this morning the total
number of casualties are 12,834, rf which 2319 were added dur
ing the. last fortnight. Ten of the eleven Scotch regiments lost about
2050 men and eight of the Irish 2000. Then come the Gloucesters
.and Northumberlands, while of nearly 200 Colonials the Royal
Canadians lost 121 and the Victoria mounted contingent 26. The
casualties are classified thus: Killed 1993, wounded 6838, missine
V 3173, disease .830. a ?., v . \ . ' : . '
TOTAL LOSSES ON J BOTH SIDES TO DATE .
/:0 -./-.'•; / ' ''; •:"-,.•
s^ ?s Vv* • ••:••:•> r i» J - ; * : . : .- ; .• : . v •.. i; 993
Wounded ... ;-...•¦ . .... .-•..;. .. . ? . . ...;... 6,838
'.•'>.¦:*:•¦;..?, .¦> ; .;^. ¦>;.:. ... .^i 73
Died ; from disease .......*.:.... . ..-.., 630
: * ;To * al :>; * •"•••'• . » . . # .* .* . 12634
'..' Boers (from British sources) — \— -i- —¦--.- - v •-
.Kllled'arid wounded on Natal side: ... . .... ... 3400
Kimberley side (including Paardeberg, estimated at 1000) .* 3^50
! South of Orange River . -. '.-... • ?„
:^!oners ;.V; r ' .^^-^''r^^^^
j . ; ; ;1 • Total > - ; : - ; • - ;-'^-:; -'^- : . • ¦;'; 'V ¦ >^. :: \ v ;-.:.. ; . : : ,12,409
BOERS SAID TO USE
EXPLOSIVE BULLETS
ROBERTS IMPRESSED
BY CRONJE'S INGENUITY
•LONDON, March I.— Winston Churchill.
In a dispatch from Colenso dated Tuesday,.
says: '/;'•;• '~- .'-/ " . ' .'<
" " : The'condltion of the wounded who were
tin tended - on ' the \ hillside Sunday - was so'
painful- that General Buller sent a flag of
truce', to' the enemy ; and it .was arranged
that ; throughout f Sunday military move
ments , should continue on both sides, but '
there, should: be - no . shooting. . This truce
terminated: at dusk. "• The ; Boers then re-
.sumed a furious musketry attack on" the
British 'left. '-The '.attack was. repul3ed:.
Fighting continues . vigorously/' ' : We shall
see !. who' can ! stand 'bucketing', best,' the
:Briton*6r v 'the Beer." • v ,. ; '¦¦ i ;,• ¦
;. Mr. iChyrchlll,' goes on to say; that. there
1b abundant proof of the Boers ;using : a,
larger proportion' --of-' Illegal' bullets, no
fewerthaniflve different' kinds, ot explod
ing' or' expanding ,'. bullets .'. having -been '
i fourid.'< He also asserts that the Boers are
employing armed Kaffirs,' an'd he adds: .
Vt'l have always tried to be fair toward
the Boers, but after making every, allow
ance it must be said that they show when
In stressla'very'dark. cruel and vengeful
underside Of character." ' '- ; V V V'S'<
. - ' , IX- :—: — : — • — — - ¦'
FOOD IS YET SCARCE.
? KIMBERLEY, Feb. 28.— Colonel Peak
man, with a mounted force and a Maxim,
proceeded to Barkley West, where. he was
warmly..welcomed.- He left a' strong guard,,
and then ¦ proceeded : to Longlands. Wind-,
sortown and^Klopdam.- There were ru
mors of Boera i in the neighborhood, but no
demohstratipn ¦occurred. '
The • Dlamoridfleld • Advertiser
pointed : attention ,to V the fact that* al
though Klmberjey was relieved about two
weeks ago,' there has been no amelioration'
in -regard, to I the food supply. It is t still
impossible ,\ari \lt was j during \ the ¦ Invest
ment, to ¦' procure a tin 'of condensed ! milk
or -cocoa without . a i medical certificate. ,
The -inhabitants, continue without many
of the commdn' articles "of food," although
rations have been Increased to < half
a pound. , . '_¦,:",.:-' : ..' '*¦. v ¦
LONDON. Feb.' 25.-The War Offlee has
received the. following dispatch from Lori
.Roberts: : I ; ': ¦ . < •
j "PAARDEBERG; Feb. 28}-CronJe 'with
h i S f? 1 ? 11 *' }ett here >^terday in chlrge
of Major General Prettyman.and undlr
the escort of the City Imperial Volunteers
and' Mounted Infantry. •_ — :i ,
"Later in the day the remaining nrtaon
ers .went, in .charge of. the -Earl of -Erroll
and ¦ escorted by the Gloucesters . and a
hundred Imperial, Volunteers- The .women
and- children «• are .being " sent v to "their
homes. , I; understand .that.greHt- dissatis
faction .was felt by 'the -Boers, at Cronje's
refusal to accept_my offer of safe, conduct
to the ; women • and • children ' and medical
care for^the wounded, M7o of .w hom are
nowln our. hospital.^ Many of them are
in. a terrible plight for; want of careat
an earlier^ stage.' -~ i-SJjZaSgggf**- ; - • ¦ •
r"I Inspected the Boers' laager yesterday
and was much struck by. the Ingenuity
and energy with rwhlch. the position was
made almost Impregnable.".
GAVE WATER TO BRITONS.
LONDON, March I— A dispatch to the
Times- from Colenso says: "Before Sun
day's armistice many of the BriUsn
wounded had been left out for thirty-six
hours. 'The Boers gave them water."
RENSBERG OCCUPIED.
ARUNDEL.Muesday, Feb. 27.— Rensber*
was occupied after a slight skirmisn arid
with : no j serious opposition. I " Neither , the
jtown nor the railway has been injured. .
ON THE ADVANCE TO LADYSMITH.
• . " From Harpers' Weekly. • ' .
The picture shows a moment when the English Horse Artillery gun had a narrow escape from a well-directed Boer si
MEETING OF CRONJE
AN D LORD ROBERTS
¦ PAARDEBERG, .Tuesday, Feb. 27 "(Ma-
Juba day, 8 a. 'm^lr-The^rftlshcamp wsrs
awakened; bjr t ? the cpniin wed 'rattl».of; rifle j
tin': at 'daybrcakj^and * the7»etr». [ artfved,
that : th« ~ Canaat^nsr while ¦^unatngVa
*bfetic'hfHtffte ( :oldieHo N itKeT*nemy/\weYe'
fusitlftd'ed it a'ranfre of fifty, yards.. The
Canadians gallantly worked ; forward and
occupied the edge. of the trenches along
the • river | entirely ~ enfilading | the Boers.
This i movement was followed by a cessa
tion of fire, except an occasional solitary
shot.
Suddenly a regiment stationed on the
crest of a hill ; perceived a white f.agr and
burst into cheers, thus first announcing
the surrender of General Cronje.
Shortly! afterward a note reached Lord
Roberts bringing tidings of the Boers' un
conditional surrender. ' General Pretty
man was sent to accept the surrender. At
about "7 o'clock a small group of men .ap
peared in the distance crossing the plain
toward headquarters. The - latter being
apprised of General" Cronje's approach
Lord Roberts went . to the , front in ,the '
'modest cart in ', which he 'sleeps and or-,
dered a guard of the Seaforths to line up.
A group of horsemen then approached.
On General Prettyman's right, rode an eld
erly man clad in ; a rough short overcoat,
a wide-brimmed • hat; . ordinary -tweed
trousers and brown shoes. It was the re
doubtable Cronje;- -His face ,w'*s> burned
almost black, and his curly beard was^
tinged with gray. Lord Roberts walked,
to and fro in front of the cart until th«/
Boer- general arrived,' when the British"
commander advanced gravely and 'kindly
saluted the Boer commander. Cronje's.
face was absolutely impassive, exhibiting,
no sign of his inner feelings.
Lord Roberts was surrounded by his
staff when General Prettyman, addressing
the field marshal, said: . Y 1 '• .
"Commandant .Cronje. sir." The com
mandant touched his i hat in salute and'
Lord Roberts saluted In return. The whole
group then dismounted and Lord ' Roberts
stepped forward . and ' shook hands -with
the Boer commander.. • „* . " . . ;.;
"You made a gallant defense, sir," was
the first salutation of Lord Roberts to tha
vanquished . Boer : leader. ,He • then | mo
tioned General Cronje to a seat in a chair
which had been brought for his accommo
dation and the two officers 'j conversed
through an Interpreter. General < Cronje
afterward breakfasted : with the ..British
officers. ' Vv : ,\. V
The San Francisco Call
ASSASSIN FIRES AT
PRESIDENT CASTRO
. - ; \ . ' -. .....-..- • -. ¦
Attempt to Murder the Chief 2xecu
tive of , the Republic of V ,
; * Venezuela.
CARACAS, Venezuela! Feb.-. 28.— During
the" carnival, procession s-s -j yesterday a
Venezuelan ; fired * two ', shots at President
Cipriano Castro without ' effect. 1 The ' city
'is quiet.; ;;'i ¦'/ iV; • '
, i General ' Castro : became President of
Venezuela inOctober.last'as a result of a
successful j revolution ; against President
Andrade, who fled from the republic. Cas
tro was not recognized as President by the
United ;i States ' until ."November 20, 1599.
Castro is about 36 ( years old, is well edu
cated and is credited with being possessed
of ample means. He has been ' a . strong
. suoDorter of the 1 Liberal 1 party.— t
QUAY SOON TO RESUME
HIS PLACE IN SENATE
•enrose Declares the Pennsylvania!!.
Will Be Seated, Before the End
'-¦''• -..;. * of ;• Next Week.
Special Dispatch to The Call."' : -
" . WASHINGTON. \ Feb. ; 23.— Matthew S.
Quay -will be; occupying ; a'; seat In the
United States/ Senate before the' end of
.next week. .This- Is the confident -predlc
tlono'f Senator Penrose.who Is raanaglns
his case, and the Indications are that his
expectations will be realized.
With the Hawaiian and financial bills
out of "the way the Quay case, which has
right of way,' probably will be considered
'without interruption until Monday or
Tuesday next. -when the Porto Kican bill
> will be reported back from committee.
There are a half dozen speeches yet to be
delivered, but the indications are that the
debate practically will be closed by the
time the Porto Rlcan bill Is reported.
.A vote is expected within a week or ten
days. Mr. Quay will have a majority oX
at least twelve and probably fourteen.
¦i - . - 1 > .
Receiver for a Railway.
NEW YORK. Feb. 28.— Ex-Mayor Hngh
J. Grant was to-day appointed receiver of
the Third-avenue Railway Company by
Judge Lacombe In the United States Cir
cuit Court. All Interests concerned which
appeared, including, the holders of >>.000.000
in liens, agreed on Grant. A day will be
fixed by Judge Lacombe absut two weeks
hence when all other peraons interested
may be heard, and Grant will then bo
appointed as permanent receiver.
.- • - • *
Plague Spreading in Hilo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. VICTORIA. 8.C., Feb. 28.— The steamer
Aorangl has arrived from Australia end
Honolulu. She left Honolulu on the night
of the 21st, and reports no new cases of
plague since the 19th, when three new
cases developed. It is reported, however,
that It is growing in Hllo.
M. A. Morris sey Dies Suddenly.
2 SAN JOSE-. Feb. 2S.— M. A. Morrissey, a
wealthy. -merchant of Fresno, who came
here a week ago to visit his niece, died
this -evening from hemorrhage of tin*
lunss. He had been 111 only one daur.
FUSILEERS MOWED
DOWN BY THE BOERS
LONDON. March I.— A dispatch to the
Daily Telegraph from Colenso, dated Men
day, describing the famous advance of
the Inniskillings on Friday, says:
"I caw the first company waver and
then br*ak before a sheet of well-directed
leaden hail, and within a minute not a
man was left standing. It seemed to me
that the brave company of Fuslleers was
annihilated. Shortly afterward, however.
I could see some of them move, then rise
and finally walk quietly to the rear, tak
ing cover. The supporting company was
also cut tip, but not quite so severely.
"The Boers are placed on high.' unas
sailable kopjes, and It would take ten
times their number to carry these posi
tions successfully. The kopjes command
the railway from Colenso to Ladysm'th.
end a real right flank attack is rendered
Impossible owing to a high and steep ra
vine, which opens on the Tußela. while
the left Is too open and void of rover and
cannot be seriously considered as a mean*
° "Tne a ßoers and British fraternized dur
ing yesterday's armistice. It is reported
that vm' Boers have left the vicinity of
LadyEmlth for Dundee."
BRITAIN SEEKS COAL.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2?.— According to the
Mail and Express, there was a report- In
commercial circles to-day that the British
Government, through an outside party,
was making Inquiries as to whether it
could buy 30.000.000 tons of bituminous coal
here. There appears to be some trouble
In Great Britain. Austria and Russia as
to petting the coal needed for manufac
turing and naval uses. A letter from a
Liverpool manufacturing firm to one of
Its New York customers stating that no
more orders Ehould be solicited, as the
firm found difficulty in getting sufficient
coal to run its factories, was shown to a
reporter to-day.
KITCHENER AT ARUNDEL.
LONDON, ilarch I.— According to a
special dispatch from Cape Town, dated
February 27, Lord Kitchener la at Arun
del, the Boers are retiring to Norvals
Pont and all la quiet at Stormberg.
CRONJE WAS DECEIVED
BY ROBERTS' TACTICS
PAARDEBERG, Feb. 28.-A corre
spondent haa conversed with many Boer
prisoners, both! Free Staters and Trana
vaalers. All seemed convinced now that
the war, must end In a British victory
They i had never before believed that the
British would be able to advance except
by railways, and they had supposed that
the efforts to relieve Kimberley were due
to the necessity of securing the Kimber
ley-Mafeklng line, whence the advance
into the heart of the Transvaal would be
c . aSy ;., General Cronje, it appears, had
steadily refused to believe it possible that
the British would make a long march
away, from a ; railway, and therefore he
totally misconceived ! the object of the
strategic movement of Lord Roberts, Im
agining, that it was merely a change of
direction, in order to attack Magersfon
tein by. way of Jacobsd&l.
All 'the. prisoners seemed equally con
vinced that when the British get to" Pre
toria some foreign power will intervene
It becomes more evident daily that the
great : necessity in # the successful conduct
of the campaign of Lord Roberts Is larger
supplies 'of horses. . * er
BRAVERY OF CANADIANS.
LONDON, March 1.-A dispatch to the
Times -from Paardeberg, dated Tuesday
says:. ' : ... ; v . : .. \ , \. *.'
"The performance of the Canadians un
der an absolutely withering fire which
caused, them to retire fifty yards vi til
the engineers ; had .^ dug. trenches -*wa»
splendid.* The. dim moonlight and the
cloudy- sky alone rendered the enemy's
point-blank fusillade ineffective The Can
adiand held the. position until dawn Th«
greatest'admiration is expressed for thM*
valor, and it la felt : that a new era hal
been opened to the empire, now that t hi
Canadians » have 'avenged Majuba."
SYMPATHY OF THE QUEEN.
, LONDON; Feb. 28.— The Queen haa tele
graphed -- General Buller as - follows: •"I
have heard'; with. the deepest concern • the
heavy losses, sustained by. my. brave Irish
soldiers, and I desire, to express my sym
pathy;, and admiration of • the. splendid
fighting i qualities v they, have , exhibited;
throughout these trying operations.", v . "¦
TERRIBLE CONDITIONS
AT THE CAMP OF CRONJE
LONDON, March I.— ln a dispatch from
Paardeberg, dated Tuesday, February 27,
a- staff correspondent says:
"On my first visit to General Cronje's
camp I was admitted Inside, even before
the British guard. At every ten paces- 1
came upon' the swollen carcasses of horses
or mules tainting the air." It seems im
possible that thousands could have ' en
dured, such a .frightful stench. The river
banks were honeycombed with trenches,
such as had never been seen before in
warfare. These were really underground
dwellings. Unless a shell were .to drop
straight down into the opening, It would
not reach the interior. Flat trajectory
projectiles would be bound to fall to reach
them.
: "The Boers were lying or sitting on the
ground. Their faces were haggard and
wan. They said there was not a drop
of spirits in the laager. Every counten
ance showed Joy at the end of the dread
ful qlege. Some of them laughed and said
they hoped they would soon get whisky.
"Nearly all the Free Staters spoke Eng
lish, but there was not a word j about
fighting for liberty, the only expressions
being of Joy over their present deliver
ance. One man. shaking his fist in the
direction of General Cronje, exclaimed :
'That man deserves to be shot.'
•'Not a woman or child in the camp had
been hurt, except one girl, who showed
an Injured finger tip. There were heart
rending partings between several men
and their wives, and many of the women
cried bitterly. Several youths of from 16
to 18 years of age were in the camp. The
Transvaalers appeared to have lost their
former truculence."
ATTACKING BOERS
MET HEAVY LOSSES
. COLENSO. Feb. 26.— Yesterday an ar
mistice ..was agreed upon and both sides
removed their wounded and buried their
dead. ¦ The Boers lost heavily in attacking
and many were killed among the trees.
Severe . musketry fire was resumed ' last
evening. It was started by the accidental
discharge of a rifle. xek&SSa,***** - ,-, -
It is reported that there are 400 Boers
near Ennersdale. . ¦ ¦
BULLER PREPARING TO
SEND HEAVY DEATH LIST
LONDON. Feb. 23.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Gen
eral * Buller: -\ : -•".'• *
i:*HEADWATERS AND LANDWANIK.
Fe.b. 28. 5 a. m.— Finding that the passage
of Langewachtes Spruit was commanded
by strong entrenchments. I reconnoltered
for. another passage of the Tugela. One
was found for me below the cataract by
Colonel Sandbach. Royal Engineers, en
February 23. We commenced making an
approach thereto, and on February 26.
finding that I could make the passag*
practicable, I crossed the guns and bag
gage back to the south side of the Tu
gela, took up the pontoon bridge on Mon
day night and relald it at the new rite,
which Is just below the present marked
cataract. ~ • . .¦¦ . • . •
| "During all this , time the troops hart
been scattered,. crouching under hastily
constructed small stone shelters and ex
posed to a Railing shell and rifle fire, and
throughout they maintained the most ex
cellent spirits. Tuesday General Barton,
with two battalions, of the Sixth Brigade
and the Dublin Fusiliers, crept about a
mile and a half down the banks of th*»
river and ascendingan almost perpendicu
lar cliff of * about 500 ' feet assaulted and
carried the top of Pieters Hill. This hill,
to a certain- extent, turned the enemy**
left." and'the 'Fourth" Brigade, under Col
onel Norrott, and the Eleventh BrlgaJe.
Colonel Kitchener commanding, the whole
under command of General "Warren, as
sailed the enemy's position, whicn. was
magnificently carried by the South Lan
cashire Regiment about sunset. We took
about sixty prisoners and scattered the
enemy in all directions. There seems t,->
be still a considerable body of them left
on | and under Balwano Mountain. Our
losses, I hope, are not large. They cer
tainly are. much. less than they would hare
been were It not for the admirable man
ner in which the was served.
especially the guns'manned.by the Royal
Naval force and the Natal Naval Volun
teers." . , .
No . Authoritative InfliGation of Mat: Lord: Roberts
Will Do/Next, Hut He, Mau Build a Bpandh
Railroad/ Across the Velflt to Lessen tlie Dif
ficultie^of Transportation—Foocl Badlu Needed
VOLUME LXXXVTI-91.
SAN| AY, MARCH gj| 11900.1 1900.
PRib^^gl^cpjgi^
WAR OFFICE ANNOUNCES THE RELIEF OF LADYSMITHTHE PROPER DOMESTIC
FINISH
is put on all linen, turned out at this
laundry. Made clean and sweet by the
use of the finest washing materials:
their immaculate whiteness is begot of
methods that will not rot the good 3.
Any collar, cuff or shirt done up here is
sure to give perfect satisfaction. To
please our patrons is our aim — and we
never fail to do it
United States Laundry. OfTloe
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 51-* Eleventh St.
Come Just to Look
Beautiful
Chlnaware -
Crockery
GlaMwara
Lamp*
Ornaments
Noveltle?
Clocix*
LOWEST PRICES.
Oome Just to Look.
Gnat Avßrican InportbiE Tea Go.
Stores Ererrwlicrci
¦ mo Stores.
MADE TO TOIL
WHILE ILL IN
THE "BULL PEN"
Editor's Story of Life in the
Military Prison at .
Wardner.
- ?
Imprisoned "Without Cause and Out
rageously Treated by Negroes
Wearing United States jj
>
WASHINGTON, Feb. ' JB.— The Investi
gation *of the course of the United States
military .forces ln«connection with the
Coeur .d'Alene mining troubles , in Idaho
was resumed to-day by the House Com
mittee on Military Affairs. Wilber H.
Stewart, publisher of a paper at Muilan.
Idaho, a town near the scene of the riot
ing, testified at considerable length. ±Ia
said his paper had no official connection
with the miners, and he had no part In
the riot at the time of the blowing up of
the mill. Subsequently, however, ha was
arrested without warrant at his offico by
State Auditor Bartlett Sinclair and an
army officer. Sinclair said to the witness
that he was- accused of publishing sedi
tious matter. A special train took him to
Wallace, and after a night ln jail he was
put ln the "bull pen." The officer who ar
rested him wore the uniform of the United
States army and was ln charge of the
military forces. ¦ •
Stewart described the interior of the
"pen" along the same lines as previous
witnesses. He said he was compelled by
the negro Boldlers to do revolting work.
Stewart testified that when he became
sick and refused to do the work on ac
count of illness the negro soldiers used
obscene language and oaths against him
until the corporal of the guard made them
desist. The general treatment of the men
In the "pen was revolting, he said, to
an American citizen. They were frequent
ly Insulted. Stewart will continue his tes
timony, when the investigation Is resumed
to-morrow. •
At the request of Representative Lentz
the following additional witnesses were
subpoenaed: L. J. Slmpkins, Wardner;
Charles Francis, Montana; George Cor
nell, Burke. At the request of Represen
tative Dick the following were _ sub
poenaed: J. J. Coakley. Welser. Idaho;
William Pipkins. Butte; A. J. Campbell.
Spokane: Hugh France. Hugh Burbrldse.
W. C. Pipes and Roger S. Rogers, Ward
ner; Henry Hawes, Wallace, and Coumer
Mallott, Spokane.
You know what happens to a sewer
when it becomes clogged, don't you?
Do you know what happens to the
human system when the kidneys be-
come clogged? They are unable to
throw out the impurities from the
blood and become infected with
I'oisons; they decay, fall apart, and
pass out in the urine; the blood, un-
filtered. carries the poison all through
the system and if not checked death
follows. The kidneys are the sewers
of the human system.
When your kidneys are not doing
their work, some of the symptoms
•which prove it to you are pain or dull
ache in the back, excess of uric acid,
{Travel, rheumatic pains, sediment in
the urine, scanty supply, scalding Irri-
tation in passing: it, obliged to go often
during the day and to get up many
times during the night to empty the
bladder; sleeplessness, nervous irrita-
bility, dizziness, irregular heart,
breathlessness, callow, unhealthy com-
plexion, puffy or dark circles under the
eyes, sometimes the feet, limbs or body
bloat, loss of ambition, general weak-
ness ar.d debility. ¦
When you are sick or "feel badly,"
no matter what you think the name of
your disease if, the first thing you
ehould do is to afford aid to your kid-
neys by using Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney remedy.
In takins Swamp-Hoot you afford
natural help to nature, for Swamp-Root
is the most perfect healer and gentle
aid to th<» kidneys that is known to
rr^i^al science.
Perhaps you are in doubt about your
kidneys and want to find out. Here's
a simple test. Take from your urine
DR. HAL C. WYMAN
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
Noted Surgeon's Suicide Induced by
Grief Over the Death of His-
Wife.
SPOKANE, Wash.. Feb. 28.— Dr. Hal C.
Wyman o.f Kettle. Falls, Wash., commit
ted suicide here to-day by taking poison.
He was despondent over the death of his
wife and had been drinking heavily. Ho
was a graduate of the Michigan College
of Medicine and came to Olympia, this
State, ln 1884.
Hal C. Wyman was born in Anderson.
Ind.,, on March 22, 1852, and graduated
from the University of Michigan, medical
department, ln 1873. Dr. Wyman was
married in October, 1878, to Jenny L. Bar
num. He was professor of surgery in the
Michigan College of Medicine and Surgery
and a member of State and national med
ical societies. He was a member of the
Michigan State Board of Charities and
Corrections, a delegate to the national
conference of that Body and a member
of the National Prison Congress. Dr.
Wyman was the author of many papers
on surgical topics.
ALLOWED TO BRING HIS
HAREM TO WASHINGTON
Permission Obtained by the Turkish
Minister to the United
, States.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
BRUSSELS, Feb. 28.— A1l Ferrouh Bey,
Turkish Minister to the United States,
has obtained permission to take his harem
to Washington. The Turkish Minister to
Stockholm, Sheriff Pasha, also took his
wife to Sweden, but she was an Egyptian
Princess, daughter of Halim Pasha. .
The prohibition of Turkish diplomats
taking their wives with them caused some
time ago the suicide. of Saadullah Pasha,
Ottoman Embaafador to, Vienna for twen
ty years. He was separated from his wife
and children, who remained at Constan
tinople. Being unable to obtain leave of
absence to be present at his daughter's
marriage he committed suicide. '¦¦;>;
. ¦¦ ' •*: . ¦ ? — :—: —
Funeral of Dr. Underwood.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ;
BAN JOSE, Feb. 28.— The funeral ser
vices over the body of Dr. Helen J. Un
derwood, a well-known woman physician,
were held at the Unitarian Church this
morning, after which the body was taken
to San Francisco for cremation. Dr. Un
derwood died early yesterday morning
after a lingering illness." She was a na
tive of Ithaca, N. V., and 64 years of age.
Deceased practiced medicine ln this city
and other parts of California for many
years and resided for some time in Ari
zona.
Death of an Actress.
TACOMA, Feb. 28.— Mrs. Kate Stokes
ValleJo, a well-known actress, died to
day from the efiects.of an operation.
DR. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
GLOGGEMIDNEYS.
They Poison the Blood, Become Infected
with Disease, Break Down the Entire
System and Bring on
Bright's Disease.
ToFfove What the Great Kidney Remedy Swamp-Root Will Do
for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May Ba?e a
Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
JOBS g«; W"*^^\^ i Jc^ sel^t*K&«i"lf^r'*«»i*?B ll f = Il^~1 l^~ IDKMmtsiccs ; Di»»m«jir!r.s ?\SJ^7^--
Laboratory cf Dr. KQner & Co.. Home of Swamp-Root, The World-Famous Kidney Remedy
Weak Men and Women
CHOULDTSE DAMIAN'A BITTERS. THE
gTeat Mexican remedy; ulrea health and
¦trength to sexual organs. Dejxrt. 223 itaxkw.
: IPt-i Out
T%3 ¦ for
s Your*
f \ v\ . self
\ \\ X Your
Qa) i Mb 1
/ I Affected.
Kidney diseases ar» most serious. Oft-
entimes long before the patient realizes
the true character of his or her trouble
the disease has firmly established itself.
Among the early symptoms of kidney dis-
order are general weakness, excessive
thirst, loss of appetite, an all-gone or
languid feeling, sallow complexion, dis-
turbed sleep and pufflness of skin. A
prominent symptom is sediment ln urine.
Other symptoms are headache (Pig. 1).
sunken eyes and pufflness under eyes
(Fig. 2), hollow cheeks (Fig. 3)^paJn in
back, over region of kidneys (Fig. 4-4),
pain ln limbs (Fig. , s-5). -If one or more
are : observed it . would '- be well to take
warning before other symptoms follow.
There is comfort in the knowledge that
at last a positive and permanent cure has
been found. This - cure is* HUDYAN.
HUDYAN relieves the pain in the back;
it corrects the inability to hold urine.
Bright's disease is kidney disease in its
worst; form. HUDYAN will prevent it,
for it arrests the breaking down of kid-
ney structure. Irritation of the bladder
is at once relieved by HUDYAN.
HUDYAN cures permanently.
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— 6o
cents a package, six packages for $2 50. .
If your druggist does not i keep HUD-
YAN.- send to HUDYAN REMEDY COM-
PANY, corner Stockton, Ellis and Market
streets, San . Francisco, Cal.
I CONSULT t » 5° Mll j£i fre * J^ h i
\ ' FREE. •'.':] Hndjran Doctor*. Call
? ; -+or writ* to them.
I Varicocele. ]
I f^l Dr. Talcott !
2 Vftv Js&w ICTQ •
o l^^SSfej jrtILIALIMi •
° Fop Evep y Form of Weakness %
c / V'^'^^A and Disea ses of O
|™f«N ONLY.!
J? F. U TALCOTT. M. D. V «/,.,..' . • • Q
g ¦;:*----.^ c
5 We make a particular specialty of Varicocele with •
• the sexual weakness and shrunken parts that usually •
o accompany it. Our method cures it to stay cured, in one 5
• week, or we make no charge. We use no knife, ligatures, •
o suspensory or electric belt. There is absolutely no pain *
J or detention from business connected with the cure. We •
o have cured over 2000 cases without one failure or un- *
o pleasant result We invite correspondence and the fullest J
g investigation, and will give to those who are interested •
c in this subject letters of introduction to cured patients, *
J whom they may interview. Write a full history of your •
• ease— or better, arrange your affairs, if living abroad, to S
J come to San Francisco without delay. Any case of Vari- J
• cocele placed in our hands which we fail to cure we will •
S agree to pay the entire expenses of the patient to this %
• city and return. We guarantee our Home Treatment to •
o cure Varicocele in four weeks. ;;^ •
] 997 MARKET STREET, ENTIRE UPPER FLOOR |
S COR. SIXTH STREET, SAN FRANCISCO S
FURNITURE BUYERS !
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
IN ALL LIXE3 OF
FURNITURE. CARPETS. LINOLEUMS.
. MATTINGS. ETC..
From 10 to 10 per cent on account cf ralargißg
¦tore Muat make room for new roods. Try
my credit system. Tba only liberal credit
house on tba Coast.
¦ Estimates given on complete housefornisnlnr.
Prices lower than ever.
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Powell and Stockton sts.
Open evenings.
Free delivery Oakland and snberba.
REDDING, Feb. 28.— Eight miners
employed in the Iron Mountain
mine, between the Copper and Lane
tunnels, were entombed by an im
mense cave-in this morning. The.
mine is owned and operated by the Moun
tain Copper Company, Limited. Five hun
dred men are employed. Great caverns
had been discovered in the mine, making
it impossible to timber safely, and this
caused the accident.
Of the unfortunates caught by the cave
in two were rescued alive before night.
Those known to be yet imprisoned are:
J. OATES.
A. OATES.
J. M. McBROOM.
A. VAN BUREN.
H. CASTILLION.
R. McCALLIEP.
Within a few minutes after the accident
occurred every available man at the mine
under the personal supervision of Man
ager Lewis T. Wright was toiling to reach
the entombed men. The rescuing party
could hear the Imprisoned miners beating
on the walls. There was great excitement
at the mine, the Keswick smelter and ln
this city. The men were well known at
all these places. Persons having relatives
working in the mine were anxiously in
quiring by telephone and telegraph after
their safety and hundreds hurried to the
scene.
m ? » ? »-»-*» ?»*»?? ?"¦»'?" »-»
One poor fellow, D. E. Ross, was un
covered at 4 o'clock this afternoon. He
was in a semi-conscious condition. His
external injuries are slight, consisting of
a broken arm and some bad bruises, but
it is believed that he is seriously Injured
internally. Ross was conveyed to the
company s hospital. He has a family liv
ing at Iron Mountain. Besides the com
pany's physician there are physicians
from. Redding at the mine to attend the
men as fast as they are rescued.
At <6 o'clock A. Cavanagh, another
miner, was taken out. ' He is seriously in
jured. A large rock had been resting upon
his head.
Noises are being heard by the relief
workers. They are believed to come from
J. Oates and A. Oates, timbermen, who,
according to the positions occupied by the
workmen just previous to the cave-In,
were Just beyond Cavanagh. The loca
tion of the other four men is unknown.
They may be alive ln some niche formed
by crossed timbers within ten feet , of
where Cavanagh was found. Again, their
lifeless bodies may be found yards distant
from that spot. At 8 o'clock this evening
men acquainted with the mine and the
circumstances surrounding the cave-in
The level is being retlmbered as fast as
the debris is cleared out. In the cases of
both Ross and Cavanagh the men were
raised by an improvised hoist through ore
chutes to the rock level above the copper
level and then brought out.
MARTSVILLE, Feb. 28.— WoTd has
PROTEST AGAINST SALE
OF THE CUTTER CORWIN
Tacoma Fishing Company Asserts
That the Purchase Was Not by
Competitive Bids.
TACOMA, Feb. 28.— The Tacoma Fishing
Company, which bid for the revenue cut
ter Corwln, offered for sale at Port Town
fend two weeks ago, has made a strong
protest against her sale to Captain Coffin
of Boston, who did not submit a competi
tive bid. The Tacoma company's bid was
the third highest, but the company was
not notified when the . Astoria and
Whatcom concerns, which bid higher
failed to qualify. Neither was any notice
given that all bids had been rejected. Bids
were opened by Captain Slamm previous
to the arrival of Captain Hooper, who
was cent from San Francisco to superin
tend the sale. Last week Captain Hooper
sold the cutter at what was apparently a
grivate sale to Captain Coffin, who is a
rother-in-law of Captain Slamm. Sena
tor Foster has added his protest and the
, Treasury Department is now investigat
ing the matter. ,• •r,
»
TACOMA, Wash.. 'Feb. 28!— A Port Neah
special to the Ledger says the ship May
Flint, 107 days out from Hongkong; passed
in the straits at 5 p. m. to-day and looks
to be in good condition.
Senator McLaurin of South Carolina
at Variance With His
Party.
WASHINGTON*. Feb. 28.—Notwithstand
ing the agreement made bj' the Senate
to vote on the Hawaiian Government bill
et to-day's session the final vote on the
measure was postponed until 4 o'clock
to-morrow. Practically no progress was
made on the bill to-day, although it was
under consideration nearly four hours.
Aldrich. chairman of the Finance Com
mittee, at the opening Of the session, made
en explanation of the work of the con
ferees on the financial measure, his state
ment resulting in an unexpected and spir
ited debate.
One of the ff^atures of the session was
the sj>e«=-ch of McLaurin of South Carolina
on the Philippine question. He ie the first
Uomocrat in the Spnate to declare him
pejf in favor of expansion. He scouted
what he called the '•bugbear of imperial
ism." with which some of his colleagues
wpre trying to frighten the people; de
clared the question was not one of poll
tics and maintained the acquisition or the
Philippines wuUid be of immense advan
tage to this country, especially the South,
l»y opening to the United States the trade
of the Orient-
ONE DEMOCRAT WHO
FAVORS EXPANSION
EIGHT MEN ENTOMBED ALIVE
IN THE IRON MOUNTAIN MINE
Large Body of Ore Caves in Upon Members of
the Night Shift— Two Are Rescued, but
Gallagher Defeats Lynch.
SAN. DIEGO, Feb. 28.— Billy Gallagher
of Los Angeles was given the decision
over Billy Lynch of New York in a ten
round match before the San Diego Ath»
letlc Club to-night. Honors were even for
six rounds, but after that Gallagher was
the aggressor.
A Wayward Youth.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 2S.— Luclide Lemay,
a Tlburon youth, was lodged ln the jail
here to-day by Constable George Agnew.
Lemay is charged by his mother with
threats and brutal treatment and may
be sent to a reform school.
passed when you arise ln th» morning
about four ounces; place It in a glass
bottle and let.it stand for twenty-four
hours. If, upon examination, yrru find
any settlings or sediment, if It is milky
or cloudy, or If particles float about in
it, disease has gotten a foothold in your
kidneys and nature is calling for help.
If you have the slightest symptoms
of kidney or bladder trouble, or if there
Is a trace of It ln your family history,
you would profit by taking Swamp-
Root every now and then as a pre-
ventive and thus absolutely forestall
kidney and bladder troubles.
The famous new discovery. Swamp-
Root, has been tested ln so many ways,
in hospital work, ln private practice,
among the helpless too poor to pur-
chase relief, and has proved so success-
ful ln every case, that a special arrange-
ment has been made with The Call by
which all of our readers who have not
already tried It may have a sample bot-
tle sent absolutely free by mail; also a
book telling all about kidney and blad-
der diseases and containingsome of the
thousands of testimonial tributes from
men and women reclaimed to lives of
happiness and usefulness by the means
of Swamp-Root, the great kidney
remedy.
Swamp-Root Is co remarkably- suc-
cessful that our readers are advised to
write for a free sample bottle and to
be sure and state that you read this
generous offer In the San Francisco
Daily Call when sending your address
to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton, N. Y.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root Is what you need you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and $1
size bottles at the drug stores every-
where.
\^ .-, bM fIV JB K|^B
Still continue to throng every sales floor at 25 and 27 Market street and
to carry away the thousands of bargains that are being turned out at
!4 Price
And less. Is there anything we can say or encourage you to do to ofc*
tain the gains offered to the public at this great sale?
SIXTY CHIT UC
Specials Offered To-Day! 1 ilol
All or nearly all are staples used ¦ • ¦ ¦ » ¦
every day in every family. Dining- r/|CI| STODF
room open as usual. Best meals for IWII ** ¦ Vf \^
the money in town, sixth floor. Free 25-27 Market St., near the Ferry.
delivery in city and across the bay. '
Booker T. Washington ™^ h %,
medicine that has improved me as much as Peruna.
For catarrh it is certainly a blessing. "
CANADIAN ROAD
AGREES TO STOP
RATE CUTTING
Victory Gained by the Rep
resentatives of the
American Lines.
Agreement Promptly Entered Into
When a Threat Was Made to'
Establish a Trans-Pacific
¦Line of Steamers.
Special Dispatch to The CaU.
CHICAGO, Feb. 28.— The threat of f the
executive officers of the American trans
continental railroads to establish steam
ship lines from the Pacific Coast to the
Orient has induced the Canadian Paoiflo
to abolish the practice of making the
transcontinental freight rate 10 per cent
less than that charged by lines in the
United States.
At the session here tor-day of the execu
tive officers and leading traffic officials of
all the transcontinental lines the Cana
dian Pacific's representatives attempted
to evade the real issue on various pre
texts, while the officers of the American
lines demanded an unequivocal answer to
the question, "Will you strictly, maintain
the same transcontinental rates as we
do?" They declared that unless the Cana
dian Pacific stopped trying to secure dif
ferential rates on traffic originating in the
United States and in some cases destined
to points in it efforts would be made to
secure legislation which would debar the
Canadian Pacific from participating ln
such traffic, and also to establish steam
ship lines to compete with those of the
Canadian Pacific. The last threat moved
effective, and finally the Canadian Pacific
gave satisfactory assurance that it would
stop cutting rates and maintain those of
competing lines to all Paclflo Coast
points. '
The American lines did not bind them
selves to give all freight for the Orient to
the Canadian Pacific steamship lines in
case other lines are established, but the
understanding was that the railroads in
this country would not establish rival
steamship lines.
This is regarded as a victory for the
American lines, and is in reality the first
acknowledgment on the part of the Cana
dian Pacific that the findings of the board
of arbitration at the hearing held in Chi
cago and which resulted against the Cana
dian Pacifio contention shall become ef
fective.
It is believed that this result has been
largely brought about by the determina
tion of the railroads to endeavor to re
spect the rights of one another and that
it has been contributed to some extent
by the action of the Pacific Coast mer-
chants, who have for the past year ac
knowledged the Justice. of the contention
of the Americas transcontinental roads.'
It is also understood that the f fact -that
Congress is in session and is likely to
place certain restrictions on the Canadian
Pacific in case they did not comply more
strictly with the law has had some bear
ing on the matter, v ; . i .
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1900.
READY TO DRIVE
GAMBLERS FROM
SACRAMENTO
Mayor Clark Intends to
Rigidly Enforce the
New Law.
Fool-Sellers Have Already Prepared
to Move Into Yolo County and
Will Endeavor to Evade
the Ordinance.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call. \
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 23.— This is th«
eve of a decisive battle against the pool
rooms. | To-morrow the ordinance recently
enacted for the eradication of the evil
will go into effect. Frank Daroux. one of
the poolroom-owners, has rented Quarters
in Washington, Yolo County, across the
river -from Sacramento, with which com
munication is readily had by bridge. But
Daroux does not figure on the use Of
the bridge to keep up his establishment.
The belief is general that he will make
his headquarters in Yolo and telephone
over the results to Sacramento, where,
under the guise of a commission business
pools on the races will be sold.
But -Mayor Clark is equally determined
to thwart any such effort to defeat the
intent. of the measure which was passed
at the behest of the law-abiding elements
of Sacramento. Meanwhile Yolo County
proposes to have a hand at the game. One
faction in the Bomnolent burg of Wash
ington wants to license the poolrooms and
use the proceeds for the illumination of
the streets, the grading of the highways
and for other affectation of city airs. On
the other hand there is a Btrong ele
ment, especially ln Woodland, against
Yolo County permitting itself to be used
as a sort of back yard for the rubbish dis
carded by Sacramento. •
Exciting developments are looked for
to-morrow, since it is believed the pool
sellers will not surrender their profitable
business wlthcfcit a struggle.
I IN J¦ 1 WW k m
UmmSUtmLiJfi T T fTif
- t
nit . pr\ Located on Market '
r ALALh street ' ln close i
1 ALiIVK proximity to busl- ,
iiiri ness section, places '
Anil of amusement and "
¦ , ___. depots: MOO rooms. !!
fii/ArVii 900 ""^ 3 at-
Ulliin V tached. The largest
and finest hotels In ' '
HATE! C the w «> r ld. Ameri- "
fill I CLj can and Eu rot>ean ?
plan. • ,
DOALL'S ttELNViuOßAiOK&ffirfi
Five hundred reward for any affl^^Sß
case we cannot cure. Th!a secret sf"* ""S
remedy stops all loeses in 21 H P
hours, cures Kmlsslona. Impo- £T1 K"I3J
tency. Varicocele, Gonorrhoea. /TJtH :^W\
Gleet. Flu. Strictures. Lost tt&l *>•£}
Manhood and all wasting effects ISSjd jfeiffi
ot self-abuse or excenses. Sent "• — —
sealed. *2 bottle: 3 bottles, J5: guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. &J5 Broadway. Oaklanj. CaU Also
for sals at 1073^ Market St.. S. P. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
CAFE NHLBSg
Valises cheeked free.
I Iron Mountain Mine at Keswick, the Scene of ; the Disaster, t
professed the belief that the four men
.would not be reached until Thursday
morning and would then be found dead.
If the two Oateses are taken' out during
the night there will still remain In the mine
J. M. Mcßroom, a miner, and A. Van Bu
ren, H. Castillion * and R. McCalllep,
muckers.
.'The cave-in occurred at 3 o'clock in the
morning In what Is knownas the copper
level of the Iron , Mountain mine." That
more men were not caught by.: the falling
ore Is • remarkable. Several - narrow • es
capes ; are ' recorded. Only eight men " can
work at once to. advantage in the rescue
shifts. They are working two-hour shifts.
been received' from • Forbestown that
George Beik. owner of the Beik mine at
that ''¦ place ,*! was kill ed { yesterday ;by a
cave-In "from : overhead, which | occurred
while) he Iwas stoping. i The rescue party
worked nine hours to release him and he
lived but a few minutes after he was res
cued. .He was a married man, aged about
35 years. •"
'•••¦¦•- «?» "i ' ''•-¦¦',¦.' ¦
Stops the Cough and Works Off the Cold.
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets cure a cold
in : one day. ¦ No : cvi*. ¦no pay. • Price 25a.
2
ADVEBTISEMESrra.SWALLOWED CARBOLIC ACID.
Miss Elizabeth Ewald, School Tacher,
Victim of a Mistake.
The careless handling of medicine bot
tles, resulted in another death yesterday,
the unfortunate victim this time being
Miss Elizabeth Ewald. daughter of Kd
ward Ewald, the president of the Sunny
side Improvement Company.
Miss Ewald was continually dosing her
self v.lth some drug or other. Her last
fondness was for carbolic acid, a fluid
which she appreciated greatly on account
of its purifying qualities, and. which,
mixed with glycerine, she was using as a
throat garcle.
Early yesterday morning Miss EwaM
awok* and reached for the bottle which
jshe thought contained her throat gargle.
Without consulting the label of the vial
the unfortunate woman put the bottle to
her lips and drank of the contents, which
happened to be carbolic acid without tlie
glycerine. The cries of the unfortunate
woman brought the members of her fam
ily to h*r bedside. Two medical studentn.
R. R. Root and R. C. Cholson. who live
in the adjoining house, were summoned
and did all they could for the sufferer,
who lingered for nearly two hours and
then passed away.
Miss Ewald. who lived with her family
at 1254 Tenth avenue, had been connected
with the public schools of this city. A
year ago she was placed on the una.s-
Blßned list of teachers. Deceased was 32
years of age.
Bohemian Smoker
To-morrow night Hospiiium No. 1 of the
Bohemians will tender a smoker in Golden
Gate Hall to Host Henry I. Kowalsky.
prior to his departure for Europe. An in
t»restir.g programme has b*»en arranged.
HORACE DAVIS WILL
DISCUSS STARR KING
OAKLAND. Feb. 23.— "Life and Servica
of Thomas Starr King" Is the title of a
lecture to be delivered by the Hon. Hor
ace Davis of San Francisco before the
Starr King. Fraternity on Friday evening.
March 2. Mr. Davis had a personal ac*
quaintance with Starr King.
On March 23 and 30 and April 8 John
Fryer, professor of Oriental languages
and literature at the State University,
will deliver three lectures before the fra
ternity on commercial subjects relating
to China.
MRS. MARGARET CRAVEN-KOEHLER.
MRS. BURDETTE ADDRESSES
YOUNG WOMEN STUDENTS
BERKELEY. Feb. 23.— Mrs. Robert J.
Burdette addressed the young lady stu
dents of the University of California ln
Hearst Hall this morning on "The Ideal
Wife." She said the ideal wife was the
one who. though she enters Into matters
which will benefit the world, will males
her home work pre-eminent above all
others. She said her' ideal wife was th»
one spoken of by Solomon. She called
especial attention to the power of woman
hood, and said that her progress will tn
signal, not by the degradation of man but
by the advancement of man and woman.
Rev. Robert Burdette made a few hu
morous remarks. In which he said that
In the chapter of Proverbs, which Mrs.
Burdette mentioned, the husband Is men
tioned only once; and that when It said,
"Her husband sltteth ln the gates." This
impressed him because that would seem
to be all that was necessary for a man
having such a wife. He would have no
other place to go when she was house
cleaning.
ROMANCE IN
THE LIFE OF
MRS. BARNES
Weds First Husband in Paris
Where She Was Known
as a Beauty.
MEETS GENERAL IN : DENVER
Comes to San Francisco to Attend
Knights Templar Convention.
Second Marriage Follows
. j Divorce in the Bast.
¦ • '-+¦ — — '
THE marriage of General "William H.
L. Barnes to Mrs. Anna M. Scott,
telegraphed from the East Tues
day evening, was the ruling topic
of conversation in San Francisco
clubs yesterday afternoon. To all but a
very limited chosen few the announce
ment came as an utter surprise, and eren
those who knew of the general's matri
monial intentions and his unshaken at
tachment for Mrs. Scott were in complete
Ignorance of the romantic incidents which
mark the association of both parties to
the marriage . .;-..'rV
From the first meeting to the final, con
summation there is hardly an episode in
the life of the two that is not tinctured
with the colors of romance. Their ac
quaintanceship began with a railroad
.Journey. Then followed an association
which was characterized by the slow,
sober and, staid pace of a friendship of
people in the fall of life. Love, more ar
dent and with a quicker beat, came in
train. Still faster, was the consummation
when General Barnes and his present
bride were railroaded across the continent
and in New York City became husband
and wife.
All Bohemia — at least the bachelor end
of it— is mourning its loss; yet at the same
time congratulations are speeding across
wires to the' mariicd ccnple. General
Barnes numbers his friends by the host,
and wherever he appeared, on the forum,
the political rostrum or in a corner of his
favorite club, surrounded b.' his friends,
he was always the favorite. ''¦ ;",•';;¦ .'-'
Famous for Her Beauty.
While the association of General Barnes
and Mrs. Scott is replete with incidents
of color, light and shade, the real Interest
centers in the Hfe of the newly made
bride. Early in the sixties an American
woman known as Mme. Welsh was estab
lished ln Paris and was well known to the
American colony. She had two daughters,
one of whom, "Marie Antoinette," a girlof
14 at that time, was famous for her child
like beauty and was the talk of all Amer
icans who made the French capital their
temporary home. Frank Scott, a young
architect of Toledo, Ohio, was then study
ing art in Paris and took up his residence
with Mme. Welsh.
His Parisian . education' finished, Scott
returned to his native city, but he did
not forget the fair face of "Marie Antoi
nette." Paris and its associations still
clung fast to his memory and he returned
to Europe, this time to bring "Marie An
toinette Welsh back to Toledo as his
bride. In that city Mr. and Mrs. Scott
lived the life of people of fashion, the
husband acquiring a clientele in his pro
fession that proved both remunerative ;
and socially advantageous. Occasionally
Mrs. Scott would take trips either to the
East or California. . .
First Met in Denver.
Mrs. Scott's meeting ' with General
Barnes was accidental. . In 1883, at ; the
time of the Knights Templar crusade to
this city for their grand triennial conclave,
Mr. and Mrs. Scott were in ' the party.
General Barnes, chosen asa delegate to
receive the 'visitors, went to Denver to
meet the advance guard. There he. was
introduced to the Scotts and on the trip
west passed most of his time in their
company. Captivated by Mrs. Scott's
charm and brilliancy, the general per
suaded both husband and wife to be his
guests during their stay in San Francisco.
All the hotels at this time being packed
with the army of visitors who came to
the coast for. the convention. General
Barnes' invitation was graciously ac
cepted. . •
The convention over, Frank Scott re
turned East, but his wife remained in this
city, living at the Palace at first and sub
sequently- at a private hotel on Sutter
street. General Barnes' and Mrs. Scott's
acquaintance had ripened into a friend
ship and the. two saw very. much of each
other. ;.-v'.'.
Scott Gets a Divorce. X; t [\
Three years 'after the celebrated en
campment of the Knights Templar, Scott
secured a divorce from his wife in To
ledo. He Is now living in Buffalo, a man
of hlßh position and reputed to jbe very
wealthy.
Mrs. Scott, save for short journeys, con
tinued to make this city her residence.
Then came the death of Mrs. Barnes a
few years ago. Shortly after the general
had laid his wife to her eternal rest his
affection . for Mrs. Scott asserted it
self. To those who knew them well
but one ending to their romantic ¦ at
tachment was expected. Both of General
Barnes; sons knew of the attachment and
were on moat friendly terms with Mrs.
Scott. William S. was the recipient of
many conpratulations . yesterday. The
other son John Is now a commissioned
officer, fighting the Filipinos for Uncle
Sam. The marriage had been expected by
them for many months.
In a few days the general and his bride
will arrive in San Francisco. His friends
are now in the midst of preparations to
seal his romance with a fitting welcome.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL L, THimSDAY^j MARCH 1, 1900.
BEAT HER BECAUSE
SHE ROBBED HIM
Charles Brown Charged With As
sault; With a Deadly Weapon
on Etta Fitzgibbon.
Charles Brown. the man who
beat Etta Fltrgibbon In her room. 17
Grant avenue. "Tuesday night and was ar
rested by Detectives Dinnn and Wren,
was booked at the City Prison yesterday
on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. He is 21 years of age and a na
tive of Denmark.
iThe woman Is still in the Receiving
Hospital, suffering from s!x scalp wounds
and a. dislocated finger, but h»r Injuries
are not serious. She says that Brown
earne into her room and at once an
nounced his intention of killing her. He
knocked her down and continued to strike
her and she creamed loudly for help.
Brown used to he a carpet merchant
ln Oakland and for four years was a
clerk in Smith's Caen Store. He left there
Fix months ago and went to work ln
Flelshhacker & Co.'s box factory, f.20
Market street. He Is unmarried and lives
at 9 Bache avenue. At Smith's Cash Store
and at the box factory he is spoken of
ln the highest possible terms.
His story is that he went to the wo
man's room to get a steam bath and she
took a $10 gold piece out of his vest
pocket. She -refused to return it and dur
ing tlie strupple that followed he struck
her and she fell, her head striking against
a piece of furniture.
POLICE BOARD APPOINTS
A NEW DRILL MASTER
Ex-Sergeant Major Gaughran of the
Regular Army Captures
the Plum.
Andrew J. Gaughran, ex-sergeant maior
of the Third Artillery, U. S. A., was last
evening appointed drill master of the Po
lice Department at a special meeting of
the Police Commissioners. He was ordered
to report for duty to-day.
The new drill master, was a member of
the regular army for over ten years and
was favorably mentioned for his bravery
ln leading' a platoon of fifty men in an
assault before Manila. He was warmly
indorsed for the position of drill masttr
of the department by Chief Sullivan and
several officers of the regular army.
Mrs. .'Wright and Mrs. Fabian were ap
pointed matrons of the City Prison. Mrs.
Wright has occupied the position for some
time and on account of her strict attention
to her duties she is held in high esteem
by the prison officials.
K. Conway was appointed secretary of
the Police Relief and Pension Commis
sion.
The board deeded not to give its con
sent to the presentation of an elaborate
testimonial to ex-Chief of Police Lees.
Shortly after the latter's retirement from
th? service several members of the de
partment formed themselves Into a com
mittee and arranged to present the ex-
Chief with a suitable testimonial. An ar
tistic tribute to the worth they held him
in wag prepared at a cost of $350. \*hich
came from the i-ockets of the members of
the force.- The Commissioners were ai>
prlted of the testimonial and asked to
give their consent to its presentation.
After a brief discussion the board decided
not to give Its official sanction, as such a
course would be in direct violation of on-;
of the provisions of the charter.
The proposition to reorganize the detec
tive force was not taken up, and Chief
Sullivan is engaged in comparing the
records of his sleuths with a view
of strengthening the "upper office." The
aduUional detectives allowed by the new
charter will not be appointed for some
time, owing to the lack of funds.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
V^HjXps Farmers
T^jEXgg and
Furrows
A fanner is known by his furrow as
" the carpenter is known Sy his chips." It
takes a firm hand and a true eye to turn
a straight furrow. No wonder the farmer
•wears out, spite of exercise and fresh air.
One day's work on the farm would tire
many a trained athlete. And the farmer
works hardest of all. The first up and
the last to bed, feeding his team before
he feeds himself, his work is practically
never done. Why does not the farmer
treat his own body as he treats the land
he cultivates? He puts back in phos-
phate what he takes out in crops, or the
land would grow poor. The farmer
6hould put back into his body the vital
elements exhausted by labor. If he does
not, he will soon complain of "poor
health." The great value c-f Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery is in its vital-
izing power. It gives strength to the
stomach, life to the lungs, purity to the
blood. It supplies Nature with the sub-
stances by which she builds up the body,
just as the farmer supplies Nature with
the substances that build up the crops.
¦ I write to tell you of the great benefit I re-
ceived from the use of Dr. Pierces Golden Med-
ical Discovery." writes Mr. G. B. Bird, of Bjtc-
eide, Putnam Co.. W. Va. "It cured me cf a very
bad case of indigestion associated with torpid
liver. Before I bega» the use of ' Golden Med-
ical Discovery ' I had no appetite; could not sleep
nor Trork but very little. The little that I ate
<iid not agree with me, bowels constipated, and
life was a n:isery to me. I wrote to Dr. Pierce
pivine the fcjiuptom*, and asked for advice.
He advised me to try the "Golden Medical Dis-
covery ' so I beean the use of it and after taking
four bottles I felt so well that I went to work;
but soon got worse, so I again began the use of it
afcd used it about eight weeks longer, when I
was permanently cured."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets invigor-
ate stomach, liver and bowels. Use
them when you require a pilL
' Standard Optical; Co.., 2l7 Kearny (rt., leading
optician*. Ail work guaranteed; prices low. *
Shake Into Your Shoes
Allen'* Foot-Ease, a powder. It makes tight or
new *taoes feel ea^y. Cures .Corn*, Bunlong,
Swollen. Tired, Sweating:.'. Aching Feet. 80,000
testimonials. At all, druggists and rho* utores,
25c. Ask to-day.'. Sample FREE. Address Al
len S. Olmsted, Le Roy, N. X.
Found Dead in Bed.
Lulgi Ferrari of 800 Seventh street was
found dead In bed yesterday morning and
the body was taken to the Morgue. Heart
disease if supposed to be the cause of
death. The deceased was a native of
Italy, 55 years old.
MRS. BOTKIN'S APPEAL.
Transcript in the Celebrated Case
Filed in the Supreme Court.
The transcript '- ln the appeal of Cor
delia Botkln; under sentence for life for
poisoning Mrs. Mary Elizabeth Dunning
by the means, of poisoned candy sent
through the mail, , was filed in the : Su
preme Court yesterday by the • attorneys
for, the woman. The transcript Is a huge
volume of 947 pages. A large album of
33 pages, containing. photographs of all
the exhibits introduced in. the case, was
filed with 5 the other documents. It Is not
likely that the matter will be taken up
by the court until the July. term. In the
meantime " Mrs. ¦ Botkln .Is ¦ kept , ln the
branch County Jail. \
The Talk of the Town.
. To-morrow 1000 pairs child's tan shoes.
50c. worth- $1 25. • Standard Shoe Co.. 1029
Market, bet. Sixth and Seventh streets.' •
A Pugilistic Waiter.
John Robinson, a waiter, appeared be
fore Judge Cabanlss yesterday on charges
of obstructing the sidewalk and battery.
Monday night the waiters in Marston'a
restaurant on Market street went out on
strike and gathered on : the sidewalk in
front of the place. Marston telephoned
to the Southern police station and Police
man Beamer was ' sent to disperse the
crowd. Robinson refused to move on and
struck the officer. The Judge convicted
Robinson of -battery and dismissed the
other charges. He will be sentenced to
day. -:'•>?: I '- '•? -¦'¦'
It Was Grand Larceny.
, The Supreme Court has refused to In
terfere in the case of Samuel de Graaff.
who. was convicted in this city of grand
larceny and sentenced to five years' Im
prisonment? De Graaff promised to obtain
for M. W. Healy a position on the local
police force and induced. him to part with
J4OO, claiming that the: money was to be
used to "influence" certain persons. The
appeal was taken on the ground that if a
crime had been committed it was not
grand larceny. The " higher court hoids
that the crime comes within the scope of
grand larceny.' "_'."'
MANY SCHOOL JANITORS
WILL BE DISMISSED
Fifteen Slated for Decapitation at a
Meeting of School Directors and
Board of Works.
At a Joint meeting of the Board of Ed
ucation and the Board of Public Works
yesterday afternoon. It was decided to
dismiss fifteen janitors now employed in
the public schools at to-morrow's mfct
ing of the last-named board. Commission
ers Mendell and , Manson and Directors
Mark, Kincald, Denman and Casseny
scanned the full list of janitors, and each
name was considered separately. Reports
regarding the efficiency of some of the
Janitors were also produced and resulted
in the Joint decision. . ,
President Mark declined to disclose' the
names of those selected for official de
capitation, and Commissioner "Manson
said the full list had not been determined
upon. • -
Superintendent of Public Buildings Bar
nett waa directed to visit the . schools
where there are two - Janitors r employed
with a view of dispensing • with one of
them if he finds it. advisable. •-
Lecture on New Zealand.
"New Zealand, a Land of Scenic Splen
dors," was the title of the Ldck lectura
delivered last night before the Society of
Pioneers by Isaac Selby. The address
¦was entirely descriptive of New Zealand.
Its history, people and scenery, and proved
very interesting to the large number oC
people who had gathered ln Pioneer Hall
to listen to it.
Queer Land Suit Begun.
OAKLAND. Feb. 28.— Rather unusual
proceedings were begun , in the . Superior
Court to-day. by William. and. Fannie Tip
ton to compel Minnie Belle; Briggs to ac
count for the rents and profits of property
at West Oakland purchased at Sheriff's
sale by Mrs. Briggs last April. In May of
last year, after the Sheriff's sale. Ida B.
Smith, former owner of the land, con
veyed to the Tiptons. who have since
made a demand on Mrs. Briggs for the
rents collected since last April. Mrs.
Briggs refused to pay. Hence the suit.
EASTERN STAR IN THE
REALM OF MIKADO
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— The entertain
ment of Oakland Chapter. Order of East
ern Star, "An Evening ln Japan," will
take place at the Masonic Temple on
Thursday evening of this week. The
affair Is looked forward to with great ex
pectancy. The feature of the evening:
will be a fan drill by twenty-four of Oak
land's fairest daughters.. A Japanese
high tea will also be given and dancing
will follow.
JURY SECURED FOR
MRS. KINSNER'S CASE
OAKLAND, Feb. 2S.— The following Jury
was secured late this afternoon In Judge
Ellsworth's court to try the $50,000 damage
suit of Mrs. Helena" E. Kinsner against
the Oakland Transit. 'Company: A. A.
Williams, O. F. Breillng. Otto Emmerson,
A. T. Newth. W. D. Thomas, S. Back
rach. J. R., Taylor. S. A. Cohen, C. L.
Broadwater, John H. .Chipman, B. Rut
ley and Charles Flat man. Mrs. Kinsner's
chief ground for damages is the allegation
that the injuries she received by being
violently thrown from a suddenly stratlng
car resulted fatally to- her. unborn child
a month after the accident last July.
PRESIDIO GARRISON
AT MONTHLY MUSTER
Transport Thomas to Carry Away a
Number of Hospital Corps Men,
Surgeons and Recruits.
Yesterday the monthly muster of the
garrison of the Presidio wan held. The
muster is made on the last day of every
month and its purpose is to furnish data
for the making out of the payroll, so it is
nnt often there are many unauthorized
absences. It was thai way yesterday.
Every organization turned out with full
rank.
The mounted troops. Troops F and G of
the Sixth Cavalry anl I.igtu . Rau«jry C
of the Third Artillery, ware, reviewed by
Major L. H. Itucker,' commanding ' the
cavalry squadron at the post, on the lower
parade ground. There waa quite a num
bt-r of spectators' out to assist in the re
view.
Colonel Eskridge. commandant of the
post, ins-pected the post hospital corps,
and Captain Henry C. Danes of Battery
I of the Third Artillery inspected the post
artillery.
The transport Thomas will sail to-day
with thirty-three assigned recruits, under
command of Captain Edwin F. Glenn.
Twenty-fifth Infantry. Second Lieuten
ants Walter F. C. Sweeney, Twenty
fourth Infantry, and Ashton H. Potter,
Fourth Cavalry, will also accompany the
detachment.
Acting Assistant Surgeon John P. Kelly
has been ordered to proceed to Vancouver
Barracks for tempoiary duty on the
transport Le-nnox during her next trip to
the Philippines. Acting Assistant Surgeon
George E. Means has been ordered to pro
ceed to Seattle for duty on the transport
Port Stephens. - . '¦ .
Acting Assistant Surgeons William O.
Davies. Edwin C. Shattuck. Harry C.
Smith. Palmer H. Lyon and Walter R.
Beatty have be^n assigned to duty on the
transport Thomas. They will be in charge
of a large detachment of men from the
hospital corps made up from the staff at
the General Hospital and at the training
station at Anpel Island.
First Lieutenant Louis R. Burgess, Fifth
Artillery, Just reported back from sick
leave. . has been assigned to temporary
duty with the casual detachment at the
Presidio, pending his return to his regi
ment in Manila.
Major WilUam R. Graham, paymaster,
has been ordered to proceed to Manila by
thf transport Thomas.
Captain F. W. Latlmer, Thirtieth In
fantry, has b*»en ordered to proceed to the
Philippines by the transport Thomas.
General Shafter left yesterday for
Bakersficld. He will be away the re
mainder of the week.
SAYS CITY VIOLATES
THE EIGHT-HOUR LAW
OAKLAND. Feb. 23.— 5. W. Ketchell ap
peared before the Board of Public Works
to-day and protested against the violation
of the eight-hour law by the city in se
lecting labor for sewer work. Glty At
torney Dow declared that all such work
is let by public contract, and that the
city has no control over the labor em
ployed. It Is probable that the unions
will proceed against the contractors who
are engaged on city work and who are
working their men over eight hours la
violation of the State law.
A Good Judge
Of good eatlnr is the buFiiws man. You will
find him uklcc lunch every Jay at ZinkanJ'a.*
KIMIC DESERTED HIS
WIFE TO AVOID WORK
ALAMEDA, Feb. 28.— Miss Sophli A.
Ohme and Charles R. Klmic were married
ln San Jose in September, IS9S. Thre»
months later Kimlc left his wife ln a man
ner that was unique and now she Is suing
for divorce for desertion.
Young Kimic and his. wife lived happily
far a time with his parents at San Jose.
Later he secured a position as brakeman
on the railroad and the couple came to
Alameda to live. Klmic had not been ac
customed to work and soon there was
trouble. He confided to friends that mar
ried life had no charms for him. ¦
In May of last year Klmic drew all the
salary, coming to him and left town and
wife, also a letter stating that he wculd
never come back. He said he 16ved her
more than she could know, but that he
could not longer endure the hardships of
a brakeman's life. Mrs. Kimic has never
seen her husband since.
PROFESSOR MOSES IS
CALLED TO WASHINGTON
BERKELEY, Feb. 23.— Professor Ber
nard Moses was hastily sum
moned .to Washington to consult with
President. McKinley in regard to his an
ticipated appointment upon the new Phil
ippine _Commission, and the professor will
leave on the morning train for the capital.
The notification ,to. hurry to Washington
came in the ', shape of a ' telegram from
United States' Senator George C. Perkins
telling Professor Moses that- his appoint
ment - upon .that commission was being
considered by President McKlnley and
that the President wished to consult with
him upon the matter Immediately, and
asking him to hurry to Washington at
once. The telegram did not arrive until
this evening and Professor Moses at once
made arrangements j to depart to-morrow
morning. - -
It is believed from the tenor of the tele
gram from Senator Perkins that Presi
dent McKlnley has decided that he will
appoint > Professor Moses and that he is
only waiting' for a. personal conference
with him In order to ascertain his views
upon the civil- government to be estab
lished for. the islands before h© announces
the appointment. to the Senate.
FAIR TOLD
HER OF HIS
MARRIAGE
Mrs. Craven-Fair's Daughter
Objected to It Being Kept
From the Public.
SENATOR ASKED FOR TIME
Said He and Her Mother Were as
Much Man and Wife as Though
the Ceremony Were Cried 1
From the Housetops*.
..";'¦;"- * '*>' ¦
Mrs. Margaret Craven-Koehler testified
in behalf of her mother yesterday ln the
Craven-Fair litigation, now pending be
fore Judge Troutt. There waa a simpli
city about her manner and an entire
frankness about her general demeanor
that at once created the impreßslon that
she was telling a straight, truthful and
unvarnished tale of the relations said to
have existed between her mother and the
late Senator Fair. '
If her story is true her testimony would
go a long way toward proving absolutely
that Mrs. Craven-Fair is the widow of
the dead millionaire and therefore entitled
to a share of his vast estate. It is hard
to believe that one who so completely dis
arms, suspicion as to her veracity and who
is so charmingly simple in her manner
isms is a conspirator ln league with her
mother to plunder an estate upon which
they have no legal claim.
If she is all that the Fair attorneys hint
she is they can make up their minds after
their experience of yesterday that she is
one of the most dangerous subjects with
which they will have to deal.
Charmed Attorney Pierson.
Eliminating any suggestion as to the
truth or falsity of Mrs. Koehler's story,
she was an ideal witness. Even Attorney
Pierson, who has conducted the cross
examination for the Fair side of the liti
gation, treated her with marked consid
eration. Once or twice when he evinced
a disposition to be unduly severe ln his
questions she -swayed him from his pur
pose with a smile or completely discon
certed him with a little by-play of words.
There was considerable comedy ln the
proceedings yesterday, especially when
the witness was being cross-examined as
to her theatrical career. Asked what
company she was connected with during
the latter part of 1593 she took time to
refresh her memory and then without cal
culating the effect her answer might have
on the Judge and the audience she frankly
replied:
"Oh, now I know. I played with 'Tne
Other Man' that year."
"And how long did 'The Other Man'
last?" inquired Mr. Pierson.
"He did not last very long; he was not
very successful." By this time the court
room was In an uproar.
At another time she stated she was
playing in "Settled Out of Court." Mc-
Enerney suggested the subject was hara
on the lawyers, but easy "on the Judge.
"Was there a mother represented in that
piece?" inquired Mr. Pierson.
"Or a trustee?" added Lafe Pence, with
a great deal of sarcasm.
Resents an Insinuation.
Much that Mrs. Koehler wanted to tell
about the Craven-Fair marriage was not
admitted in evidence. The Judge would
not permit her to relate any of the con
versation between herself and mother
concerning the contract or. the circum
stances under which it was shown her.
She testified that she had known Sena
tor Fair as far back as she could remem
ber anything. The contract was identitled
and the witness said she saw it for the
first time in June, 1892, when her mother
handed it to her In New York City.
.Arguing against the admission of evi
dence on the conversation that occurred
between the witness and Mrs. Craven-
Fair at the time. Attorney McEnerney
took occasion to refer to the "bogua
widow clause" in the Fair will whicn was
recently the subject of a Supreme Court
decision. This aroused the anger of Mrs. .
Koehler, and she resented the lawyer's
remark.
"Senator Fair did not write that clause,
Mr. McEnerney, and I know it," she
snapped, and by way of emphasis stamped
her foot on the floor.
Much legal quibbling resulted from Mr.
McEnerney's objection, but the Judge
finally ruled his way. Attorney Pence of
fered to prove by the witness that ac far
back as 1892 Mrs. Craven-Fair had t>>W
her daughter of the Sausalltq ceremony,
and said his purpose was to" contradict
the statement that the story was a con
spiracy of recent hatching. Judge Troutt.
however, stayed with his ruling. ¦ and
would not admit the testimony. .
Fair Admitted the Marriage.
VI returned to California during the lat
ter part of 1832," continued the witnesr.
"I saw Senator Fair -a few days later in
our apartments. I remember it as dls-7
tinctly as though It were yesterday. Ho
stepped up to me and, extending his hand,
said: 'How do you like your new father?"
I replied that I did not like the idea of
secrecy, and refused to shake hands with
him. He told ire It would be all right ln
a little while, and so it would have been
had he lived. I remember also that ho
said he and mother were as much man
and wife as though it were cried from the
housetops."
According to Mrs. Koehler, Senator Fair
offered her money and letters of credit on
many occasions, but she never accepted.
She visited once at his office to get him to
sign a document for her mother. When
she first entered he was overjoyed that
she took enough Interest ln the "old man"
to visit him. and was greatly disappointed
when he learned that she called on busi
ness.
Lee Craig, the notary, will be put on the
witness stand when the case is called this
morning; -
BESSIE EVANS'
TRAGIC DEATH
STIRS MADERA
*-.. — —
Townspeople Who Knew the
Little Waitress Speak
Well of Her.
EDITOR: NUGENT CONDEMNED
¦ — * ..
Claim Made That - Affidavits Have
Been Procured From Physicians
Which Will Prove Kut
ner's Innocence.
Special Dispatch 'to The Call.
FRESNO, Feb.' 28.— Excitement over the
tragic death of Bessie Evans and the train
of sensations following it has not sub
sided in the least. The residents of the
little town of Madera,- including mer
chants, bankers, business and professional
men, women and even children have but
one topic of conversation and that is the
death of the popular waitress. The ghost
oflittle Bessie Evans will .: not. down. ii/.C
Louis Kutner, the young man whom the
citizens' mass-meeting denounced as be
ing responsible for the girl's death, was
on close terms with the waitress, but no
body suspected that their relations were
more than those of ordinary friendship.
He talked to her frequently and she, hav
ing a bright word for all, usually replied
ln a light vein.
Conversation Overheard.
The true story of the suicide brought
out many facts not heretofore published.
Bert Bliss, who was sleeping in a room
adjoining Kutner's, heard a. scream and
some one say, "Lou,- I've done it." The
next instant he heard Kutner say, "My
God, Bessie, what have you done?" The
girl had swallowed the deadly carbolic
acid and made her way, aresseu in night
clothes and with bare feet, from her own
room to Kutner's. This was early in the
morning. I
Friends Called "Buzzards."
The feeling against the young man re
sulted in a meeting of - women at which
little was said or done. Next day the
Weekly Times appeared, and in a column,
under the: heading of "Snapshots," re
ferred to the women who held the meeting
and other friends of the dead girl as -"A
gang of human buzzards."-.
In the same column the paper declared
that Miss Evans was not the first girl
that had died for love and would not.be
the last. Further on it advised the gos
sips "of both the hemale and . shemale
variety" not. to express opinions deroga
tory of their neighbors.
The publication in the Times was the
first printed comment on the suicide and
it. goaded the friends of the girl and the
women of the town almost to desperation.
They could no. longer conceal their pent
up indignation. The pastors of the town.
Rev. W. B. McElwee of the Presbyterian
Church. Rev. W. S. Phillips of the Meth
odist Church and Rev. D. Jenks of the
Episcopalian Church, preached sermons
upon the suicide and the movement the
women were making to set a better moral
standard for the community. The man
who betrayed the Innocent and confiding
confidence of a young girl and he who
condoned were denounced In unsparing
terms. In his pulpit Mr. McElwee was
unsparing ln his expression of contempt
for the paper which sought to condone
an uncondonable offense and so viciously
outraged the moral sense of every decent
man and woman in the town. , In all the
pulpits . announcements were made . of
Monday evening's meeting and : the con
gregations were urged to attend and lend
their support.'
Meeting of Citizens.
The meeting was attended by many of
the leading citizens of Madera and was
thoroughly representative. ¦ The Presby
terian Church was crowded to the doors
and people who could not secure admis
sion stood outside in the hope of hearing
what was said. The resolutions condem
natory of Kutner and J. E. Nugent, edi
tor of the Times, were adopted /without
opposition. -
. Nugent is taking an active interest in
Kutner's defense and claims that he has
secured • affidavits ; from - reputable physi
cians to prove from a medical standpoint
that Kutner is free from blame. Accord
ing to the statements of the physicians
themselves, however, the affidavits are
not conclusive. Nugent says the mass
meeting was intended to ruin him. Kut
ner's'friends say there has been no evi
dence of a positive : nature to show that
he was in any way responsible ,for the
death of the girl. They say the notes
written by her do not indicate anything
more than love for Kutner.
Kutner has not yet returned to Madera,
The excitement is growing rather than
subsiding. r Threats are openly made on
the streets. : The sentiment of the com
munity is undoubtedly very strong against
Kutner and Nugent.^
KUTTNER DENIES
ALL RESPONSIBILITY
Leon Kutner came to San . Francisco
nearly, a week ago to attend the wedding
of his sister, which was celebrated last
Sunday, and he' is still in town. While
naturally disturbed over the charges
against . .him he i declares '¦ he was never
anything more than a good 'friend to the
girl -who ' is said to have taken her life
because of her; love for him. '
"I 'had • known Miss Evans for about a
year," said Mr. Kutner yesterday, "and
always considered her a respectable, vir
tuous i girl, and her : untimely death -; has
caused no change in my opinion. There
was never any , talk of ; love between us,
however, and my relations with her were
only those of a friend. She was of; a
somewhat melancholy disposition and
often said she would like to get out of the
hotel business because people looked down
on her as a waitress. I told her it was no
disgrace' to be a waitress and tried to
cheer her up. About a week before this
thing occurred . she told me she had de
cided to kill -herself. I- talked her out of
the idea, for good, as I , thought. ¦ Bhe
asked me .to take charge of .her money
and I did so. after trying- to r get her to
place It in the bank. I think she gave me
$60 and afterward drew $5. . , ?. ,
report printed in the papers this
morning to ¦ the effect that . she had ad
dressed a letter and a poetic quotation to
me before - swallowing the poison* . Is < not
entirely correct.; The letter probably was
addressed to me, although I have not seen
it. The poetry she had. copied from some
publication a week or. two previous to her
death and > she . showed ¦; it -toy me \ at :- that
"I repeat I never had any relations with
the girl • except • those of t friendship. V She
waa a good girl and the only reason ' I
can assign ¦ for her act -is 1. that f of de
spondency resulting from continual brood
ing over her > position ln society." —
MRS. W. H. L. BARNES. FORMERLY MRS. ANNA SCOTT. ;
LOUIS XUTTNER.
Ifl^S^^S I measure I
l^^l^ft P rlce ' Thesuits are made ln six I
MH^lY^' U fe&&§iS? JPtIM st y les and the overcoats In two— I
I I They are each $17 ' S ° values ~ I
¦ r/^^^^MHBH^^Bl' I our P rlce is *n-5o because we can H
H \3tt&s&l\ 3tt&$&l IM$M| jf fffi Then we make the clothes a 9
I f§ fM 'Wll! ¦ Out-of-iown orders filled— get th* H
I II Is. N- WOOD & CO- 1
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
_ AMAI _ aAMATOWS>
FAVE GOLD— Kroch llfff. Co.. 9 Stevenson
et. Arnaifram&torF, Sand Centrifugal Pumps.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES fine eol<J. In daily operation at 234
B«?ale St., Kan FrancUco.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
JfOORE Improved Gold Separator & Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. GS» Stevenson ft.
UEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
FAVHS All the Oold by pravltatlon. No <juick-
Kllrer. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
DREDGING PUMPS
Oil Gasoline. Steam Hol«s. Centrlfu»ral
J'uir-r* Kn*r!ne* and Boilers. JOSHUA HE.VDV
MACHINE WORKS. *0 Fremont St.
GASOLINE E>GINE'-.
HEItCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS is nilint?
large nurr.bprg'cf orders for Nome. 141-142
Flrßt rt.. P. F.
GOL3 SFPAR*TOR.
MAHFHALL Oo!d ?av!rur Machine. 219 Fol-
ton street. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
OILS.
LVIJIUCATINO Oil Crude Oil and Gasoline.
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK. 23 Spear St.. B. F.
PLATES FOR SAVING GOLO.
Srhaeziein & Hurridge. S Hardle place, off
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
I,'tt GoliJ-Bearing Hands perfectly. In opera-
tion a.t (.2* Sixth st UYROX JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
! Supply f-»»h or salt water for eluiee boxes;
hiKh or low liftF. Htmondc, 33 Market et.
ENGP ES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Enrlnes and Boilers;
lowest prices on the coast. Pine & Davis tie.
TENTS AND «. OVERS.
2CEVILX.E & CO., manufacturers, bags, tenth,
eovere. SI and 23 California st-
For Wireless Steering.
An English Invention -for steering any craft,
whether -submerced or otherwise, by means of
an ether wave on the wireless teleerach prin-
ciple has been perfected. In naval war It Is
expected to make the torpedo boat almost Infal-
lible. In . this respect it wtll equal the great
American dyspepsia cure-^Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters — which never falls to cure constipation.
Indigestion, I dyspepsia, biliousness, malaria, fe-
ver and ¦¦ ague. . Every one needs It and all
druggist" sell it. . , ¦ - - ,\
Keep yourselves up to
conoert pitch by taking
BEECKAHIS PILLS
10 cento ant 3S ceats, at in dm* stare*.
3
Su. Mo Tu. We Th. Fr. Sa. © * March 1. *
"~" . : 1 2 3 "* First Quartei
: '— - 9 • March 7.
J- _L ; 1L _1 H ± Ji <S3V *uuMuon..
11 12 11 14 15 16 17 • W March 16.
3- -* First Quarter,
9 • March 7.
10 /Oi •* ua Moon,
1T - March 16.
IS
gjggj.gjpt
.25 20 2? 23 29
SO 81
©New Moon.
March 30.
O Time ¦. Time ¦ • Time • : ' Time ¦•' : ¦
Z. ¦ Ft. — — Ft.. Ft.' — Ft./
.? ¦ t. w .. n w i. w . h w -.
1 ... 6:00 . J..S M:I0 8.7 5:J3>.4 11:59 5.S
J ... 5:50 : 0.» 11:15 ».5 6:01 0.9 Ji.... .:...
. . H W I* W : H W I* W
« -;»; 0:35 ».« «:SS 0.« 1:12 5.2 «:« l.»
4 ... 1:11 5.7 7:29 »S 8:12 4.8 -7:22 1.9
5 ... 1:51 5.7 8:26 0.4 S:l7 4.S S:O7 J. 4
«... 2:57 5.7 9:33 0.41 4:29 4.0 9:00 J. 9
7.. 3:26 5.5 10:42 0.4| 5:49 3.9 1 - 10:11 . 3.1
Steamer. Destination. J tetift . | Pier.
Queen Vie A Pfrt Sd. Mar. 2. 10 am Pier. 9
Corona. San Di^ico Mar. 2, 11 am Pier 11
CocuKle Rr Grays Harbor Mar. 2. ...„.:..•.¦
Samoa Humboldt Mar. t 10 am Pier 13
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 3. ¦* pm Pier J
Arcata ;.... Coos Bay. Mar. i, 4pm Pier 13
Bonlta (San Pedro..... Mar. ' 4. 9 am Pier U
State of Call Portland Mar. 4. 10 amlPler 24
Orizaba ....IHumboldt..... Mar. 5. I pra|Pler 9
Pomona ... San Diego...,. Mar. 6. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt Mar. «. •am Pier 2
Am. Mara. China* Japan Mar.. 7. lpm PMS3
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 7. 10 am Pier »
Australia .. H0n01u1u...... Mar. ,7. 2pm Pier 7
Curacao ... Mexico. Mar, 8. 10 am Pier 11
Acapulco .. Panama Mar. t. ]2 m PMS>
Coos Bay... Newport. Mar. ». Bam Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland .". Mar. 9. 10 am Pier 2*If TRADE-HARK *A
(lAIN,( IAIN,
1.A.1.N.
ROYAL BATAVIA
GIN.
SQUARE WHITE BOTTLES:
FINEST IMPORTED.
CHARLES MEINXCKB & CO..
JkGEXTS. a* Saxrameato' Bt. S. F., Cal.
I that It gave any rebates on charges to
i customers. The inquiry developed the fact,
however, that the San Francisco Gas and
i Electric Company is allied with and ccn
i trcls the Harbor Electric Light Company.
I which !s permitted by the master corpcra
; Uor. to give rates. E. J. Martin volun
teered this lnfoimatlon. and with it ir-e
i entire Inquiry ended, the committee of the
j whole adjourning to await the report of
j the light committee of the board, and to
j fix rates.
President Crockett Protests.
j The ordinance fixing the minimum
j standard quality and illuminating -power
!of gas. and the maximum price to be
! charged, t«.s read at the evening session.
i President Crockett obtained permission to
' address tho board, and entered a strong
; protest against the adoption of the order,
i Up s>a!d that during the investigation no
: testimony whatever was taken on strset
i lighting, its cost or anything about it, and
i he wanted to enter his protest against the
; rate hxed by the board.
, The Mayor attempted to defend the
I committee, but Mr. Crockett hotly replied
1 that the Mayor never asked about the
j care of the lamps, the cost of the glass.
j the etreei signs that the gas company was
called upon to place on each lamp, and
| in fact the board had not taken up the
I question of street lamps. In closing. Mr.
| Crockett vehemently said that he pio
i tested against the rate on the ground that
! the board had not investigated the sub
! Ject.
; Despite his protest, the following ordi
nance was passed to print with but ore
dissenting vote, and that was recorded by
Supervisor Tobln:
Bill No. — . Ordinance So. — . Fixing the
minimum standard quality and Illuminating
power cf gas, and the maximum price to be
charted therefor. : ':
Be it ordained by the people cf the city and
county of San Francisco as follows:
Bection 1. The minimum standard quality
and Illuminating power of gas to be furnished
by any i-ernon, company or corporation to be
used in the city and county of San Francisco
be and is hereby established at seventeen U7j
caadles, said candle power to be determined
by the Board of Public Works of the city and
county of Fan Francisco, and the maximum
rate and price to be charged and collected
therefor from consumers by any such person,
company or corporation for the fiscal year end-
Ing June so, I*ol, is hereby fixed and estab
lished at one dollar and 4J-100 111 40) per one
Section 2. The maximum rate and Drlce to
be charged by any perpon, company or cor
poration fc.r furnishing gas for lighting public
buildings for the flfcal year ending June 30.
IH>l. is hereby fixed at one dollar and 35-100
(II 83) per one thousand cubic feet.
Pection 3. The maximum rate or price to be
charged by any person, company or corporation
for furnishing gas for lichting the public
rtreets. parks or squares for the fiscal year
ending June 30. 1301. is hereby fixed at nine <i>)
cents per lamp per night. Including care of
lightir.gr and extinguishing. Each lamp to be
kept burning from thirty (3C) minutes after
sunset until thirty CO); minutes before sunrise
on the next day, and the number of such gas
lamps may be Increased or diminished by the
Board of Supervisors,' and subject to any
moonlight schedule the board may adopt.
6*rtion 4. Tbe maximum rate and price to
be charged by any person, company or cor
poration for furnishing gas for heating pur
poses for the fi«cal year ending June 30. 1901,
Is hereby fixed at one dollar and 40-100 Csl 40)
per one thousand cubic feet.
Section Z. All orders, ordinances and resolu
tions and parts of all orders, ordinances and
resolutions in conflict with the provisions of
this ordinance be and are hereby repealed.
Section €. This ordinance shall take effect
and be in force on the first day of July. ISOO.
Brandenstein Grows Sarcastic.
Supervisor Brandenstein, after thinking
the matter over, felt Ihat he had taken a
wrong stand on the foregoing ordinance
and bepged a reconsideration on the
ground that the lamp lighting referred to
by Mr. Crockett had not been investi
gated. A vote was taken and Mr. Bran
densteln's motion was lost. Nothing
daunted, he asked leave to change his vote
to no. He said that while he was satis
fied with the SI 40 rate he was not satis
fied with fixing the rate for gas lamps at
9 c£nts.
Supervisor R?ed objected to Mr. Bran
densteln's course of procedure and cast a
Plight on the latter's knowledge of parlia
mentary rules. Supervisor Brandenstein
evidently disliked to be reproved and he
said:
"Well. I withdraw my request. Some
of us make mistake's; Mr. Reed does not."
The following ordinance fixing the maxi
mum rate and price to be charged for ln
cana>seent and electric lights and for
H«»ctriolty for heat and power purposes
was also parsed to print: x
?*£*¦ Rates for Electric Light.
B» ft ordalni?d by the people of the city and
county of Fan Francisco as followi:
The Tnaxlmum rate and price to be charred
by any person, company or corporation for fur
nishing incandescent light for the fiscal year
endinr Jun* 3rt, 1901, Is hereby fixed at eleven
cents per one thou*and- watt hours.
Section 2. The maximum rate and price to
b* chanred by any person, company or cor
poration for furnishing arc lights of two thou
sand eandl* power for the fiscal year ending
June *>. 1&01. for the city and county of San
Francisco and the inhabitants thereof Is hereby
fixed as follows:
For each arc light burning twenty-four
hours, IS per week.
For each are light burning twelve hours dur
ing the day time. $3 80 per week.
For each arc light burning twelve hours dur
ing the nleht tlm». H per week.
For each arc light burning from 6 o'clock p.
m to 12 o'clock midnight. $2 60 per week.
For each arc Ueht burnlng-from 6 o'clock p.
m to 9-.2 1 ) p. tn.. 12 pw we*k.
From this rate discounts shall be allowed for
| quantity consumed per elxteen-candle lamp as
i follows:
j On a consumption per sixteen candle power
i incandescent lamp of £000 to 2000 watt hours
i In one month. S per cent.
I On a consumption per sixteen candle power
Incandescent lamp of 2000 to 4000 watt hours
In one month. 10 per cent.
On a' confumptlon p*r sixteen candle power
Incandescent lamp of 4'*oo to 5000 watt hours in
one month, 15 per cent.
On a consumption per sixteen power incan
descent lamp of &000 to €000 watt hours In one
month, 20 r>er cent.
On a consumption per Blxte^n candle power
Incandescent lamp of £000 to 7000 watt hours In
one month, 25 r*r cent.
On a consumption per 16 candl* power Incan
d^yrfnt la'mr of 7000 to £000 watt hours in one
month, 30 per cent.
On a consumption per sixteen candle power
incandescent lamp of £000 to 8000 watt hours la
one month. 35 per cent.
¦ On a consumption per sixteen candle power
Incandescent lamp of over 9000 watt hours per
month, «0 ix»r cent per month.
In estimating the discounts one' are lamp,
rhall I* equivalent to two sixteen Incandescent
lamps for ea<"h ampere of current Used by Bald
arc lamp. Each arc lamp must be of 2000 can
die power.
Section 3. The maximum rate or price to be
charged by any person, company or corpora
tion for furnishing electricity for heat, and
I*>wer purposes for the fiscal year. ending June
30. 1801. Is hereby fixed at 10 cents per 1000
watt hours. . > • - ¦
Fertion A. This ordinance shall take effect
and be. in force on the first day of July, 1900.
The board then adjourned to meet next
Monday at 2:30 o'clock.
Horizontal Cut of Ten Per Cent Made to
SUPERVISORS REDUCE
CITY RATES FOR WATER
NIGHT LIGHT WILL NOW
COST THE PEOPLE LESS
Tax Clerks Dismissed.
As a result of a resolution' passed by the
Board of Supervisors allowing Tax Col
lector Scott " twenty-two extra clerks 'In
his office during tbe month of March two
clerks were • dismissed yesterday. , They
are D. L. Reynolds and John Caplace.
Substitute Teachers to Make a Plea.
' A committee representing the eubstitute
teachers of the public schools will wait on
the' Board of Education to-day to request
that the resolution recently adopted fix-
Ing the schedule of salaries at $2 50 a day
be rescinded and the rate restored to $3 50
a day, as formerly. ¦¦ . ¦
EARLY MEETING OF
STATE COMMITTEE
Haxmony. in Republican Ranks sls
Desired by City and Interior Rep-
resentatives of the Party.
In order that confusion may be avoided
at the outset of the political campaign of
ISJOO In California an early meeting of the
Republican State Central Committee will
be held. . It Is understood that Major
Frank McLaughlin, chairman, will Issue
a call for the members to assemble In San
Francisco about the middle of the ptesent
fgSyHEEwtS Chemich Co. !««••. Noo-utrla««nl
W^CiNCMUTI,O.Bi|| Sold by BrvcyiMa,
]^kO-n.i. S^" «ent la plain wrappM.
In the Divorce Court.
George Kennedy has been granted a di
vorce from Polly Kennedy on the ground
of desertion. Leona M. Wolff has applied
for a divorce from Hugo Wolff on the
ground of desertion. Emilia Stecht .bas
sued. Carl Stecht for, a divorce. for failure
to provide, and Robert Brown asks for
a divorce from ¦ Mary Frances Brown for
cruelty. - <v ." .
Two Criminals Sentenced.
Thomas N. Perez, the embezzling' mall
clerk, was sentenced yesterday morning
by United. States District Judge de Haven
to two years' imprisonment at hard labor
In the penitentiary at San Quentln. George
T. Blythe. the Hollister hotel porter who
stole a muffler belonging to W. J. ,Blggy,
received a . sentence ¦of one year's im
prisonment at hard labor in the same in
stitution. . ;,'¦'-•
Fought for a Lady's Hand.
L. McDonald, a pi umber, was charged
at the California-street station* last night
with assault to murder. The prisoner
and a number of other men, among whom
were Harry Keller and Charles Flint, en
gaged In a quarrel over the charms of
Nannie Bassett, a woman who lives at
the Louisiana House. The heated discus
sion led to blows and the men adjourned
to the alley adjoining the- building and
attempted to cut each other to pieces with
claspknives. Keller and Flint were badly
cut during the melee and had to be sent
to the hospital for attendance. The noise
Of the struggle- attracted Officers O'Neill,
Hutchings, Campbell and Special Berge
to the scene, and they managed to capture
the rivals.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mm.
Is embarrassed with an unnatural weak-
ness, or suffering and endangered with
a contracted ailment, he should consult
America's "most skilled and moat suc-
cessful BDeclallsts— Dß. METER 3 & CO.
Payments may be made monthly or the
total, coot of a cure deposited tn a bank,
not to be given to DR. MEYERS & CO.
until a permanent cure is effected.
Free consultation at office or by mall.
: Sufferers who live outside of San Fran-
cisco should write for private book, dl- ¦
ucnosU sheet, advice, terms and other
particulars. ALL LETTERS CONFI-
DENTIAL.
DR. MEYERS & CO. j
731 MARKET ST., S. F. H
Take Elevator to Third Floor. M
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28.—Representa
tive Waters to-day introduced a bill au
thorizing the entry and patenting of lands
containing petroleum and other mineral
oils under placer mining laws. This bill
was introduced In the Senate a few days
ago and the only difference Is that the
same shall not apply to Alaska.
President McKlnley to-day sent to the
Senate the name of H. A. Plimpton to be
Postmaster at Perris, Cal.
A postofllce was to-day established at
Bayha, Shasta County, and Adam 8. Kirk
was appointed Postmaster.
L. M. Stanley was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Collegevllle, San Joaquln
County, vice Frederick Feele, resigned;
also F. V. Wright at Jersey. Contra Costa
County, vice B. P. Marshall, resigned.
Dr. W. M. Lewis has been appointed
pension examining surgeon at Los An
geles.
Frederick Erickson of Rockford, Wash.,
has been appointed blacksmith at the
Phoenix Indian School, Arizona.
Army orders: By direction of the Secre
tary of War Captain Frederick H. Pom
roy, assistant commissioner of subsis
tence, accompanied by his authorized
clerk, will proceed from New York City
to San Francisco and upon completion of
the duty assigned him by the command
ing general of the Department of Cali
fornia will proceed to the Philippine
Islands.
First Lieutenant Adrian 8. Fleming,
Sixth Artillery, Is transferred from Bat
tery D to Battery I of that regiment and
will proceed to San Francisco and report
In person to the commanding general of
the Department of California for further
orders. •
Captain Louis Ostherm of the First Ar
tillery, now' at San Francisco, will pro
ceed to Fort Screven, Ga., and- -join "his
battery.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed as follows:
California: Original— Michael Fitzgerald,
Vallejo, $6; William M. Morse, San Jose.
$5; Henry Nutt, Rlpon, $6; John Donovan.
San Francisco. $6. Special, February 15—
Thomas R. Sedgwlckr San Diego. $12. Re
newal—William C. Hyde, Stockton, $6. In
crease— Ruf us T. Willis, Artesla, $6 to $8;
Francis Selby, Soldiers' Home. Los An
geles, $6 to $12. Mexican War widyws, spe
cial . February 15— Mary B. Guntly,
Phllo. iS.
Oregon: Original— James R. Mathers,
Mayger. $6. Increase— John Brown. Elml
ra, $8 to $10; William H. Honllne, Stayton,
$6 to $3. Jlelssue and increase— William- J.
Fletcher. Crawfordsville. $8 to $12. I
Washington: Increase, special Febru
ary 15— Cyrus D. Campbell, Seattle, $6 to
$15. Original widows, special February 15
— Malinda Smith; North Yaklma, $S.
DICKINSON RESIGNS AS
AUDITOR WELLS' COUNSEL
Gives His Reason in a Letter to the
City Official — Reuben H. Uoyd
May Be Appointed-
It Is not always the unexpected that
happens. There are many good reasons
for the impression that the following let
ter to Auditor Asa R. Wells from General
John H. Dickinson was expected:
Hon. A. R. 'Wells, Auditor. San Francisco.
My Dear Sir: It has come to my kaowleds*
that you ar« being criticised for employing me
as your attorney, because I am a resident of
Marie County, and not wishing to embarrass
you In any particular. I beg leave to and da
hereby tender my resignation as your attorney,
to take effect immediately. I thank you for
your kind consideration In the past, and trust
that our relations may always continue to be
as pleasant as they hare been. IT I can «erv«
you in any way at any time in the future. I
shall be very glad to do so. With best wishes
for your success, officially I and otherwise. I
am yours very truly, ; JOHX H. DICKINSON.
On the face of the foregoing proposition
one not familiar with the subtletle3 of the
political world might infer that the resig
nation was a voluntary sacrifice on the"
general's^art toshfeld lhe"A«dilor from
criticism. The friends of General Dickin
son, however. Insist that he received a
direct intimation that the resignation
would - be highly acceptable to Auditor
Wells. The fact Is considered that Gen
eral Dickinson was a resident of Maria
County, having a law office In San Fran
cisco at the time he was selected as legal
adviser of the Auditor and since that time
he has not changed his residence or pro
fession.
As a State Senator representing Marln
and Contra Costa counties In the Legisla
ture, he did not feel Justified In casting bi3
vote for United States Senator In favor
of D. M. Burns. The friends of the Marin
Senator have no hesitation In asserting
that Dickinson was Invited to resign, not
because he resided In Marin County, but
because he did not cast a vote for Bums.
S Auditor Wells was seen last evening 1 and
acknowledged "that the resignation had
been previously discussed between him
self and General Dickinson. The Auditor
could not name any person who criticised
Dickinson or objected to the Marin resi
dence. He asserted, however, that the
vote cast In the Legislature by Dickinson
had nothing to do with tva affair. To
make good the assertion t iat Burns and
the railroad had no hand ; ?» the business,
he paid that he had in view the appoint
ment of Reuben H. Lloyd to succeed Gen
eral Dickinson. .
SCHOOL BOARD INDORSES
BAND OF MERCY SCHEME
The Board of Education at its meeting
yesterday morning put its seal of ap
proval on the movement now in progress
in the public schools to organize Bands
of Mercy among the pupils. The'resolu-
Uons on the subject were Introduced by
Superintendent Webster. They were unan
imously adopted and are as follows:
Resolved, That th« Board of Education thus
publicly approves the work being accomplished
try tbe Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Dumb Animals and suggests that principals
and teachers aid Mrs. C. T. Holbrook in the
formation of Bands of Mercy as directed in tbe
course of study.
The petition of Mrs. John J. Doyle and
Mrs. William Lewis of the Mothers'
Club that the teaching of sewing be re
established in the Golden Gate School
was taken under advisement.
The application of Miss N* S. Baldwin
to be retired on a pension was granted.
A communication was received from the
California Club requesting that It be con
sulted with in the celection of suitable
sites for the proposed new school build
ings. The club suggested that one of the
echcols be erected on Telegraph Hill. The
matter was taken under advisement.
The petition of the Precita Valley Im
provement Club for a four-room school
house In the district south of Army street
was taken under advisement.
The request of the Civil Service Com
mission that thirty teachers be allowed
to conduct the examination for copyists
on March 4, ISOO. was referred to Super
intendent Webster for action.
L. A. Jordan resigned his position as as
sistant secretary, he having been appoint
ed Deputy Superintendent of Schools..
It was also resolved. That Miss Daisy Doud
b« transferred from the Sunnyslde School to
the Hamilton Grammar School, vice Miss K. S.
Baldwin, retired: that leave of absence be
graoted to Mrs. S. T. Spreckles and to Miss
Catherine Callaehan; that Miss Ida Kervan's
leave of absence be continued until March U.
li'»j; that Mrs. M. E. Mlel, being the holder of
a primary grade certificate and being connected
with the sewing" department, be assigned to a
primary Grade class In the Starr. King. School;
that the resignation of Miss Alice Ma'.lln* he
accepted: that the rented room formerly occu
pied by the sewing department of the Columbia
School be and Is hereby abolished; that Mrs.
Clara Hundt Dolan, special teacher of Ger
man at the Adams CoxmoDolltan School, and
holding a regular certificate, be required to
take charge of a class In said school.
THE Supervisors followed their re
duction jat water rates last night
by m&kir.g material reductions in
the rates for gas and establish
ing, for the firet time in the his
tory of the city, rates for lncan
descect and arc electric lighting. Gas
rates to private consumers were reduced
from $1 50 a thousand cubic feet to $1 45 a
thousand cubic feet and for the city and
public buildings the rates were allowed to
remain as they are, at $1 25 a thousand
cubic feet. For street lights the rate will
be S cents a lamp instead of 11 cents,' the
prevailing rale. The gas must be cf sev
enteen candle power, this low standard
Ixing established to allow the Mutual Gas
Coxr;piLr.y to continue business. The rate
fcr incandescent electric lighting was
i'.xeA at XX cent* for 1000 watt hours. The
schedu':* for arc lights ie graduated ac
e : '.: p to capacity end time of use.
The board also decided last night to ac
cept & proposition from the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company to light the
C&s and electric lights of the streets for
•very night, with the exception of five
t&ghtm in each month, for the next four
months, instead of putting the lights out
every aJtcrsatfc r;sght. The lights will be
put out. however, every night at 12
o'clock, when. President Crockett cays,
t . good people should be home. This is
& compromise measure in which the city
Cites up $2>» of its proposed savings.
Sumxnerhayes Quotes Figures.
The firtit witness eunmoned was W. R.
Fummorhaye* of the Mutual Electric
!. „•:.: Company. He outlined in great de
tail and with the Fame technical elabora
tion which has marked the inquiry in re
gard to gas rates, what 'it costs his com
pany to produce and distribute electric
light. The figures he cited were ie« than
those cf the San Francisco Gas ami Elec
tric Company. While the basis cf cost
Jor the San Francisco Company Is 5.5
cents, the cost of the Mutual Compar.y
l£ 4.75 cents. This announcement evidently
caused the attorneys Tor the Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company great
;..-.. They were perfectly satisfied ihat
Bunirjsierhayes did not know what lie waj>
talking about and that electric light can
cot be produced' at the rates which ht,
claimed.
In trying to persuade the witness of this
fact- the attorney for the San Francisco
<Jag and Electric Company became i>er
ceptibly *xcited and insisted upon indulg
ing in a little war of word?. He was asked
to moderate his remaika. He became
highly and unnecessarily indignant and
t.-run;- . •: that he had te«n prevented from
taking part Jr. the inquiry. He waa quietly
:: : :t;.'l that he «v present only by
courtesy, acid with that rebuke he tuu-
Blded into tne Fuiks. •
A z-\ v-M ..;.-.! *<¦ of the Central Light
and Power Company, which bells the ovtr-
Cow electric fcuj-'ply of the Emporium,
also testified, but as his concern plays no
material part in the lighting of the ciiy
hip testimony was unimportant.
At thlfc point the board u*k a diversion
to laqtUn ai-aiti in reference lo gas rates,
oufsuoning J. li. Crockett and Edward
C. Jones. The evidence of Crockett was
unimportant, and Jones gave his f-01-mn
mt>rd that his company cannot produce
and distribute gae at -t cost to the cor
poration cf $1 ijii a thousand cubic .feet.
He it quite ture that the cost to the com
pany this year will be $1.1i«J6 a thousand
cubic feet.
Hunt's Sliding Scale.
A. M. Hunt, engineer and general man
eger of th»> Independent -Electric Light
*.nd Power Company, thtn took the stand
to explain his suggested sliding scale of
rate* for electric lighting. Mr. Hunt came
armed with a chart and elaborate expla*.
ration* of his eystexn. He declared that
¦mc«? he was discussing a technical sub
ject hie explanation must necessarily be
technical ar.d involved. The problem of
fixing rau-g for electric litrht*. he declared.
Is a serious one to any expert, who wishes
to he fair to consumer and producer, and
h» oould Pf-e no other way than to estab
lish a fMdrnr scale, and even this mlßlit
r>* unjust to Pome companies and too lib
eral to oih^rp.
In hip opinion th* Supervisors rr.ipht
>ise]y postpone the fixing of rates for a
jear and permit competition to work a
justice to consumers during that time The
lv.ard. HP der]are<J. might watch the r»
#:iihs and might more thoroughly study
The syFtem. With the aid of his cnart,
Mr. Hunt explained how the rate for elec
tric Hrhtirg must vary with different con
sumers. ri'.JTerent distances, time and other
conditions fipurlng in the result. He ¦nan
convrnceo*. however, that the basi* of
eellirie price should not exceed 12 cent*
•nd should not be less than 5 cents. Com
petition, he thoujtht. must regulate the
charges of the companies between these
points.
Price of Gas Varies.
This \et\ to a E*n«?ral diFousMon In ref
erence to the value of competition in f.x
lnir Ju«t ra»*>s. . ...
W. R. Summerhayes of th<> Mutual Com
pany dTlarcd that, ¦while his corporation
pold com* light on a 12-cent bafiis. ra<;!«t
of th* lights were suppli*drfor S cents. H«
<W-!ar*d that whpr* his company '.a In
direct competition with the San Francipro
G«« anil Kloctrio Company, that forpora
tion rcdMCf-s its rate to 7 crnts. and whrro.
th* Mutual Klectrie Llpht Company is not
1n competition th#» San Franeisr-o Ga» anl
Electric < r 'nrapany raises its price to IS
emt« and 20 e«*r,ts.
During this general Inquiry another ln
terpstfnjr r^cret of the San Francisco Ciot
and Ei^ctric Company was exposed. This
corporation's agents denied emphatically
erty near Clear Lake, which Is valued at
$200,000 or $250,000.
Big Increase in Values.
. When asked why th« city Bhould fes
asked to pay interest on property which Is
not in use for purposes of water supply,
Schussler replied that the system mu»t
necessarily provide for future necessities
and development as well as present needs.
It is only a question of time, he declared,
before the city will own the Spring Valley
Water ComDany or some other water
company and every foot of land now held
will oe nefded and valuable.
Supervisor Brandenstein insisted that
the Clear Lake property could not be con
sidered in any way a necessary part of the
system and tnerefore should not bear in
terest. The company should have dis
posed of this property long ago and ap
plied the proceeds to Its indebtedness.
Schussler replied that it is not easy to dis
pose of property at will and he believed
that In fairness the- company should be
Kl\ - en time in which to sell the property
with the .understanding that every effort
will be made to do so.
In connection with the valuation of $1000
an acre placed on reservoir sites. Attor
ney Kellogg asked leave to offer the testi
mony of City Engineer Grunsky, given on
the point in an action for condemnation
proceedings. In that suit Grunsky gave
an expert opinion that land "wanted by
the Spring Valley Water Company at
Crystal Springs was worth $1250 an acre.
This opinion, which when given was
against the company, was now decidedly
in its favor, the attorney admitting that
the company wanted to give $250 an acre
as its real. estate value, but the court in
sißted that the property should be valued
as a part of a water supply system. This
is now the contention of the company in
asking for a- valuation upon Its Interest
bearing property.
Mayor Phelan suggested that perhaps
the Crystal Springs property possessed a
value as a villa site.
"Perhaps it did," was Kellogg's reply.
"It would have been excellent for the 10~
cation of a balloon. -
The Supervisors again wanted to know
how.lt was that the operating expenses
had so greatly increased in 1539, and Mr.
Schussler declared that the Increase, was
largely due to the Increased expenses of
pumping caused by successive dry sea
sons. "If you cut our rates," he declared,
"you will cripple us. This will result in
danger and Injury and the responsibility
will be upon you." ¦. -
Colonel yon Schmidt Testifies.
During .the afternoon session colonel A.'
W. yon Schmidt became a witness at the
invitation of the Mayor. The witness re
cited in some detail his own figures on
the value of the property of the Spring
Valley Water Company. He made an es
timate several years ago and decided that
the property was worth $13.642,000. ' Since
then the records of the company show
that $5,000,000 has been expended in im
provements. Accepting these figures as
correct. Colonel yon Schmidt declared
that the property which the company val
ues at over $30,000,000 is really worth $IS,
642.000. He asserted also that Schussler
had accepted his estimates as correct, an
assertion to which Schussler voiced a
most emphatic protest. He claimed that
he had objected to many of the -figures
on the ground that valuable properties
had not been considered at all. " .
The witness then declared that a supply
can be obtained from Lake Tahoe in a
single pipe for $15,000,000. This does not
include a distributing system, which will
cost $3,000,000 more. If a two-pipe system
were established from Lake Tahoe it
would, in the opinion, cost twice as much.
With this announcement the entire In
quiry ended. The board decided to meet
again at 7:30 o'clock to establish the. rates.
The Water Committee had been in session
during the recess and expected to be
ready at night to submit Its conclusions.
Schussler's Final' Flea,
"When the board met for the evening
session Mr. Schussler arose and asked to
be heard:
Mayor Phelan said It would b© out of
order as the board was ready to listen to
the report; that testimony was all In and
every one had been given a hearing. 'Mr.-
Schussler was so earnest in his endeavor
to be beard, however, that the, chairman
asked if there would be any objection to
listening to him, and nona being heard the
water company's expert was allowed to
proceed. .
"I saw In one- of the evening papers,"
he said, "that a protest had been sent to
the Committee ¦on Fire Department
against the removal of ICO hydrants. The
board has asked for 160 hydrants in addi
tion to those which have been ordered re
moved. The latter order was made during
December last but we have delayed their
removal. We are ready to cut them out.
What Is your pleasure about their, re
moval? If the rat© is allowed to remain
as it has been, .we will leave them in un
til the next fiscal year, when we expect
to be paid for them. If you reduce the
rate, which I hope you will. not. we will
be compelled largely to discontinue the
work of highway, which was the laying of
a pipe line for the benefit of the Fire De
partment. We had it In view to go on
with a fair ratio of that work, but if the
rates are cut we cannot do It."
As soon, as the speaker concluded the'
Mayor directed the clerk to. read the re
port of the committee. This was done,
the ordinance was passed to print and .the
discussion of water was over.
THE Supervisors have at last fixed
the rates for water consumption
which will prevail for the fiscal year
beginning on July L? After a long
inquiry the board adopted last night
the much discussed schedule, in which the
rates for the city government are left un
touched and the charges for private con
sumers receive a horizontal reduction of
10 per cent. The summary of the schedule
as submitted by Supervisors Connor, Jen
nings and A. Comte Jr., the water com
mittee, and adopted by the board, is as
follows:
Pursuant to section 14, chapter 2, artlcl* 1,
of tbe charter, which provides teat the Board
of SuDervlbors shall sflx, in the month of Feb
ruary of each year, the rates to be collected
by any person or corporation In the city for
the use of water, we beg to report the sub
joined schedule, which we recommend for adop
tion by the board. It will be observed that the
reduction proposed Is 10 per cent of the general
rates, meter rates and other rates now charged
by the Spring Valley Water Works, excepting
the rates for supplying water to the shipping
and the rates charged aeainet the city and
county. This effects a reduction to' the rate
payers of the city of approximately J154.0G0. and
a corresponding diminution In the company's
revenue on the basis' of last year's rates.
This schedule will enable the company to pay
iv taxes, its reasonable operating expenses, in
terest on its bonds and a fair dividend on Its
etock. We have taken into consideration all
the evidence adduced at the investigation, and
we believe that the- revenue under this order
will realize s per cent upon the true value of
the company's property.
We estimate that these reduced rates, with
the natural increase of the company's business,
will yield 51. 250.000 for Interest and dividends.
We have recommended a horizontal reduction
because w« believe that all the classes of con
sumers are entitled to the benefit that will ac
crue therefrom and because the company has
failed to show us the aggregate amount re
ceived from each class of consumers.
When the vot« was taken Supervisor
Fontana was ebsent. It was explained
that he is out of the State on leave. All
of the other members of the board, except
Supervisor McCarthy, voted for the ordi
nance and he explained his negative vota
by saying-that he believed that the rates
should have been established much lower
than they were. The vote was taken after
a day of interesting proceedings.
Spring Vallej Bealtj.
The inquiry opened yesterday with Her-
Mann Schussler, the chief engineer of the
Spring Valley Water Company, on . the
witness stand. His testimony was devoted
very largely to an estimation of the value,
of the real estate of the company, consid
ered in its aspect of a system of properties
devoted to a specific purpose. From thU
point of view, and the testimony of
Schussler was supported by the sworn evi
dence of .Engineer Grunsky In another
matter, the real property of the Spring
Valley Water Company, which is being
used specifically for supplying water, is
$]2.030.0u0. ¦'¦: . .
Schussler wanted it to be distinctly un
derstood that this Included nothing aot
used In the water-supply system. Nor
did he wish this. valuation to b? confused
with his opinion that the entire value of
the Spring Valley Water^Company prop
erty is over $3Q.w0,00O t and probably could
not be purchased for $35,<W9,0v0.
In opening his testimony, Mr. Schusslor
related what had been done in reference
to the plea of residents of Bernal Heights
and the SunEet Heights district for water
and 'fire protection. He declared that he
had gone over the ground in both ca.3es
and was ready to report that the company
Is ready and will Bupply Bernal Heights
with water whatever tne city authorities
may do in regard to fire protection. He
declared that the company will put in a
four-inch pipe line, but this will not give
fire protection. If the company can be
assured of six hydrants in the district It
will put in an eight-inch pipe line and
take its chances on the city shutting olf
hydrants somewhere else.
In reference to the Sunset Heights dis
trict, which is south of Golden Gate
Park, the witness declared that the dli
trlct is greatly . developed and the com
pany is ready to put In an eight-inch pipe
line If the city will grade three blocks o.i
one of the streets and give a guarantee In
reference to hydrants within reasonable
limits.
Householders Who Use Water.
Mayor Phelan asked Mr., Schussler if he
could give the board some idea of the
number of consumers occupying one-story,
two-story, three-story, four-story, or flve
story houses. Schussler replied that he
could not, but >he gave the following
enumeration of families: ° One-story
houses, 16,502: two-story houses, 34.61j;
three-story houses, 10,441; four-story
houses, 373; five-story houses, 25; total,
61.561 families. Tha Mayor asked his ques
tion; he eald, to avoid forcing the board's
making a horizontal Increase or decrease
in rates.
Engineer Schussler then turned to the
main theme of his testimony, the value of
the real estate and some of - the Improve
ments of tho Spring Valley Water Com
pany. He declared that reservoirs in cit
ies cost, without price of real estate, $50,000
an acre, white in country places they, cost
T2500, just twenty times less. The witness
then enumerated In detail the various
properties of the company, giving his esti
mate of their values. In outline these es
timates were as follows: San Mateo Coun
ty, 23i0 acres at -JlOOO an acre, $2,340,000;
water sbeds 17,300 acres at $100 an acre,
$1,730,000; water rights. $(WO,000; total. $4,
670.000. Alameda County, 1550 acres at $1000
an acre, reservoir site, $1,350,000; 3SOO acres
water sheds at I100«n acre, $380,000; water
rights. $1,000,000; total. $2,730,000. San Fran
cisco County, water sheds, 21S0 acres at
$1000 an acre, $2.1S0, 000; reservoir, ' Lake
Merced, 450 acres at $1000 an acre, $450,000;
Point Lobos, Richmond property, $500,000;
other real estate In the city, reservoirs,
offices, etc., $1,500,000; total. $4,630,000. Re
capitulation, in 'totals, San Francisco, $4,-
C 30.000; San Mateo, $4.<>70.000; Alameda.
$2,730,000; grand total. $12,030,000.
Schussler declared that while the San
Mateo property had- been purchased for
much less than It Is now estimated it
should be considered now as a water pro
ducer and .water container near a big
city; This property has a storage capac
ity of 2500 million gallons of water and a
daily capacity of two million gallons of
water. He declared that in previous years
the cost to build had been considered and
now the present value should be allowed.
.He asserted also that the property of. the
company not in actual use will not exceed
$300,000 In value. In -this Is Included prop-
San Francisco Must Pay the Penalty of Darkness
After Midnight for the Next Four }
Months.
Charges 'for Gas Are Reduced and Those
* for Electricity Established.
Board Claims to Have Effected a Saving of One
Hundred and Fifty-Four Thousand Dol
lars to the Public.
month. Republicans of the 'city and in
terior Eeem to desire a general meeting to
consider party affairs. The' sentiment in
favor of promoting harmoDy tn tlv* coun
cils of the party is almost universal. Ihm
active and unselhsn -euppuiteia uf i.*e
party— the voters of Republican iaitn.wno
nave won victories in the cause of gc^d
government— are willing to make conces
sions for harmony's sane that do not in
volve surrender of the party to railroad
influence and boss dictation. The Repub
licans who battle for good principles and
party prestige are not office-hunters or
patronage-grabbers. They ask that . the
party snail stand close to the people and
Keep faith with the people. They simply
insist that a candidate for office elected
by the people shall not spurn the people
and take orders from the boss.
It is important that the Republicans
should win a great victory next Novem
ber. No doubt the State will give a ma
jority of 25,000 , for President McKinley"s
re-election, but the Republicans ought not
to lose a single Congressional district eleo
tion. The Legislature should be Repub
lican. Upon the next Legislature wili de
volve the duty of reapportloning the
State. The apportionment measure will
define the boundaries of Congressional.
Senatorial and Assembly districts, and the
boundaries, thus denned will stand un
changed for a period of ten years.
It is essential, in view of the importance
of the coming campaign, that Republicans
should make special effort to adjust fac
tional disputes. An adjustment of differ
ences in Congressional districts should be
brought about, and the wise counsel of the
State Central Committee may be required
in this line of party duty.
The convention of the Fifth Congres
sional District, which met In September,
IS9S, and nominated Mr. Loud for Con
gress, adjourned without appointing a dis
trict committee. The record shows that a
committee on purity of elections was
named before adjournment, but does not
Indicate that any other committee was
selected. •. -
The call issued .by the Republican Na
tional Committee for the convention at
Philadelphia to nominate a President and
Vice President holds that where a Con
gressional committee was not chosen th«
State Central Committee must provide'for
the election in the district of delegates to
the National Convention.
HEALTH BOARD
DISMISSES MOST
OF ITS FORCE
Many Employes Volunteer to
Serve Without Compen
sation.
Finance Committee Allows $24,000.
Other Unexpended Balances
Will Keep Emergency
Hospitals Open.
c
The Health Board last night passed res
olutions whereby a greater part of Its
force suffered official decapitation. Dr.
Williamson explained that the Supervi
sors* Finance Committee had met the
members of the board earlier in the day
and had decided to allow it the sum of.
J4«00 for the Harbor Emergency HospitaL
Certain unexpended balances amounting
to some JiOuO had been discovered, whicn
would be used for the maintenance of the
Central Emergency and Insane Detention
hospitals. The balanca left from .the orig
inal $20,000 appropriated by the board,
amounting to about V£tf>. would be utilized
for other expenses, and the Health Board
was compelled to dismiss all its employes
except tne assistant secretary, clerk to
the health officer, stenographer, chief
plumbing inspector, messenger, chief
sanitary inspector and chief plumbing In
spector.
As soon as the resolutions had been
adopted Health Officer O'Brien arose and
in a neat speech volunteered his services
without compensation, and ho was fol
lowed in a similar strain by City Physi
cian Morrisey, Secretary Brown, Veteri
nary Surgeon .O'Kourke, Vacclnator Hay,
Food Inspectors Lahaney, Lydon, Tracey,
Staude, Silvera, Coffey, Murphy, Robert
son, Dunster and Williamson, Clerk Stan
ton, Assistant Plumbing Inspectors To
bin, Kelly and Mulligan. Bath Inspector
Dailey, Market Inspector Rivers, Super
intendent of City Cemeteries Walsh, Sani
tary Inspectors Haasler, Hereford, A. S.
Keenan, Treuholtz, T. F. Fltzgibbon,
Bothe, Pawlicki, Graham, Green and Shu
mate. Dr. Williamson accepted the serv
ices offered, and as others will no doubt
emulate the example the Health Depart
ment will in all probability continue its
good work with a volunteer force for ths
next four months.
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1900.
WHAT WATER AND LIGHT WILL COST CONSUMERS.
-ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
Fottttrely cored by these
.Little Pills.
They also rt'Jcve Distress from DjspepAi
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect reobdy tor Dizziness, Kansea, Druwsi-
ness, Bad Tasteto tbe Mouth, Coated Tongoe
Fainln the Side, TORPED LIVER- They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose.
Small Price.
j- : -
I $25 Value Jp
| forslsiO/jm|
: Puiis are equal to any MT^TI ifl •
: j;i suit rnadt by tlgh- n •
? priced tailors. gj Jg MJJ :
; Not one point la th« i:.d *'A {%(' I
i makeup cf these tailor- >.'.] f. li Vr
I made suits is workman- , 0 f. ; \V (Li-*
ship Blighted.
i The rreatest ear- f\ . JlPi?
!• used that all 11-/.//}, iCM^
are made In a su- ' XlfV Lrf. V^
perlor manner so . Xy 1/V
they will be the T J jf\™ f"_
best for style and / * TAILO3 i
durability. :
I take prld» In st _
| dolns the best „-, ¦•»«•• w^..,.,-,
work for the least 201 /^°^ f XtP** 9 **- .
? money.
: .. •'.. Saa Fraadaeok
?• •— . !<= A J
Vm is a +
? H Natural Mineral Water ?
f rSiL ksiwn fsr centuries and ?
9 £>*&& Imported q
I r!SBk ONLY IN BOTTLES. ?
t MiiasSSri *" er Disordered Si:aach ?
? ££S&& &ad laiigestioa. J
O t**" lr L!fg§ Its ralue has tesn tssti- O
O KS2sr£s£: fle<l to y thousands. ?
? I VICKY So-called Vichy In Sy- . j
o 6®l IS NOT VICHY - I
? KjeSfsJp • et ***« Genuine* °
Ssl=^*^SSJ Tour pbyiict-Ji O
? %Xf&?rr?t ' !rI!1 r-commtnJ ft. • ' ' ?
O gfcife&gj A. VlGniSa, Di»trii»ti 3 g Af sat °
?©?o-»o-«-o-«-o-«-o -?* o-«-o-«-o ?o-#-o-»-o-«»
CAPE NOME
• ' TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES, - :
THE
ALASKA 'EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al Iron America a
Steamship.
ZEALANDIA
(CAPACITY 8000 TONS)
FOR HOME DIRECT,
Sailing from San Francisco
FIR3T CLASS $110.00
BECOXD CLA53. ............ T5.00
STEERAGE CO.OO
' Special rates for freight aad insurance.
Through passenger and freight serrlc* ta
Dawson and all 'points on Yuksa River.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST STREET.
Pacific Coast Steamship "Co.
. F*OR THE
fe^ CAPE NOME
WB| GOLD FIELDS.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship '*'
SE3ST^-TOFL
Will Sail From San Francisco MAT 14th for th»
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Via Seattle, leavlnz there May 13th. Subse*
3uent trips will be from £cattle direct, tiar.:«ly:
une Slst. July 21st and Au;ust.i,th. Passen-
gers are advised to inspect the Senator befci*
purchasing tickets via other steamers, as her
second-class and steerage accommodations ar«
superior to the first-class accommodations on
most of the steamers advertised for X^rn«.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company has been
running Us steamers to Alaska— winter and
summer— for 55 years and Is the Pioneer Pa-
cife Coast Line. For further lnformaMoa In- 1
quire of J. F. TROWBUIDOE. Ocean Dock.
Seattle. Wash. N\ POSTON. 149 Washington
st.. Portland, Or. W. PAP.RIS. 424 West Sec-
ond St.. -Los Ar.greles. CaL GOODALJ* PEK-
KINS & CO.. Oen. Acenty. 4 New Montgomery
St.. or 10 Marktt st.. gan Franolsco. Cal.
CAPE NOME.
For Passenrer and Freight Rates see ,
C. F. MOORE. 93 > Market St.. Room 6.
\mf "1 ALVXvtvoum Dittf* failing Mem.
H— • gn on. meeplewnma. etc., canned by ots*
•Sf Tl work and Indiscretions. They qttU-fnv
" Tfc i(M «•<• turrtv re«tof« Lost Vitality in old -
i V W —T or joun*r. and tit a naa fcr s*ndr. bosi-
Daw or pleasant Proront Inaaoiqr and
TSB^±adßs»Con«umptioa i! tusa in tima. Thnir
naasnowa named late impromncnt ana *2acta Cu&S
where nil others fall. Insist apoahancg the gaining
AJaxXableta. They have cnrsd thousands and will
mrs you. Wa «i»w a positive written enarantea to «f •
factacnraiaaitch cas« or refund the money. Pric« ,
Rfl ftte P*' packac*. T "i* packages Ifull trtat-
0U CISi m«nt] for «£.60 by mail, in plain wrsfter.
npon rfciipt of pric*. Clrealar*fre*>. -
A 1 \ V DPMFHV Cft 79 Dearborn 8S»
ri.JfYA. sv nm«..iVT W.» c**ca<m. I»T^
- For Ml* In 8. 1\ hy L»lpnlta A Co.. No Par*
MBtas* Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. 8. F.. OakJ'4.
WBBHy Can $1.00 ocr Year
f -%. "^
A visit DR, JORDAN'S great i
[museum of anatomy!
M Cjß ICSI MABSt? ST. fet S A47ti. S.F. CiL i
\ Cf ?, Th « La'?«t Anatomical Museum in the \
r *"afe^- Worl<l **eakne«es « any eomraeted A
L nSSfI d»e.-he p»«Mlw«-ly r«r»4 hy tbe oldeit V
• IgMjal s>P«uJi s truU«Co*«. Eit^yew* 4
$ izS.k M -^DAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ f\ WwW _ to: "» l«»rtonl «»rton free and rtrirt). priraw \
# i #« ¦ T " l!cicnt P«sona!ly rr b y Wt-er A A
\I/ Tl 1 ft *"M" M tto " m «•*«*•«&£!&. f
\ I II ¦AWHIAKK. MAILED FUB. lAf
A. dl II «luaUe book for mm; . ' A \
r J>ItJOBDA N> j-0., 1051 Market St.. 8. F. f
4PORTO RICAN
BILL PASSED
IN THE HOUSE
Republicans Victorious by a
Vote of 172 Ayes to
161 Noes.
DE VRIES SUPPORTS TARIFF
Srownlow of Tennessee Arises From
a Bed of Sickness to Stand
With His Party's
Leaders.
WASHINGTON*. Feb. 28.— The battle
royal over the Porto Rican tariff bill end
ed in the House to-day in a sweeping
\lctory for tha Republicans. The bill was
amended as agreed upon at the conference
cf Republicans on Monday night, so as to
reduce the tariff from 25 to 15 per cent of
the American tariff and limit its life to
two years, and was passed by a vote of
172 ayes to 161 noes. Six Republicans—
Crumpaeker of Indiana. Fletcher of Min
nesota. Heatwole of Minnesota. Littlefleld
of Maine, Lorimer of Illinois and McCall
of Massachusetts— voted with the opposi
tion against the bill; and four Democrats
— Davey and Meyer of Louisiana. De Vries
of California and Sibley of Pennsylvania
—Voted with the Republicans for the bill.
In addition, Warner, (H.) of Illinois paired
against the bill with Boutelle. (it.) of
Maine for it. Two other Republicans—
J^ane of lowa and Karris of Indiana— were
absent and unpaired. They were under
stood to he against the bill. Four Demo
crats, who were opposed to the bill —
r]»*mir.R; of Georgia. Small of Xorth Caro
lina, Smith of Kentucky and Stallings of
Alabama— wr-re absent and unpaired.
Alter votiiijr, Mr. de Vries made this
statement: "I cast my vote in accordance
with what I detm to be for the best in
terest of the district I have the honor to
represent and the best interests of the
State of California."
Herculean efforts had been made to get
olu the full vote and this led to some re
markable incidents. Six men were brought
from beds of sickness, two of them from
hospitals. Browr.low of Tennessee was
brought in a carriage, accompanied by his
wife and a physician, lie sat bundled up
near :he entrance until his vote was given
and Lben withdrew. It was felt that the
Ft rain would be revere upon him. but
when Tawney, the Republican whip, urged
that the bill might be lost by this one
vote, Hrownlow said:
"1 would rather lose my life than see
this bill defeated."
Tawney and three assistants were out
in carriages until midnight la?t night ac
counting for every vote, and Underwood,
\Y\f Democratic whip, was similarly ex
erting every means to g<-t out his vote.
Three Democrats were brought from sick
beds.
The first test to-day was on a substitute
offer^<i by McCall on behalf of the oppo
piiion. It was the original Payne bill for
free trade with Porto Rico and was de
bated. 10D to 174. Only live Republicans
voted for the substitute. Fletcher (R.) of
Minnesota, who subsequently voted to re
commit and against the bill, voted against
the subptitute. A motion to recommit it,
which followed, shared a similar fate, be
inc lost. I<M to 172.
There was great excitement throughout
the roll calls, which were followed with
eager interest by thousands of spectators,
who packed the galleries to suffocation.
The Republicans indulged in a demonstra
tion of wild jubilation when the final re
cult was announced.
DE VRIES EXPLAINS HIS
VOTE FOR THE MEASURE
fperjal Disratch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 28.—Representa
tive De Vries. who voted for the Porto
Rican bill to-day said:
While the bi'.l in its terms applies to Porto
Rico alone, the course of debate has made
the powers of Congress under the constitution
the rt-a.l isyue. I r^sret that Porto Kico should
liave be*n made th^ subject of the test. On
the one hand, it was asferted In this debate
thst the IVdo.-al statutes w«-re de facto extend
fd tn all j>oF*?!=sionF; on the other, this was
drnied and the power as.^erted to legislate
»r*c:fi<-aily for each under the constitution.
>l»le lawyer* contended for each position. The
courts alont- — and. In this case, 'the Supreme
«v,urt — can effectively decide the controversy.
The bill is temporary in character, extending
f<^r two years. The tariff duties are far less
than were imposed by ?pain. We have given
tliem ereat relief and at the same time ap
frerted the principle of government in euch
form that Its constitutionality may be deter
mined.
As a Representative from the coast. I deem
!t of paramount importance, before proceeding
to the final d'.Fp'ffUlon of the Philippines, that
the pTwers cf Congress thereover be fully an
nounced by the Supreme Court. Questions of
supreme importance with reference to these
it!and« have be«-n developed by this debate.
Are the laws of ConeTfSf>. by treaty so ex
tended to these Islands, de facto, that Congress
CSOBOt prevent without some protection the
lnuniat'on cf the Pacific Coa?t with the prod
uct* r-f cheap Oriental labor? Are the Chinese
exrluMon laws, by the treaty of peace, de
facto and beyond the powers of Congress to
otherwise legislate, extended to the Phillp-
I-ineii *o that hundreds of thousands of coolies
therein can pass freely within the gates of
Fan Francisco? This bill asserts the prin
ci; le that fucn is r.ot the case, and that Con
irrW« may legislate otherwise.
A* a Representative of California I conceive
my sworn duty to assert this principle of gov
err.mer.t for the protection of the industries
. and lab^r of that State. By passing the bill
to-d«y. we take a. step for an early decision
upon "these points— a decision that will, to my
ralnd. b* a great factor In molding the future
course cf Congress with reference to the Phil
ippines, a decision without which ro intelligible
¦ ction can be had by Congress with reference
thereto. ¦ w •" .
OUTLAW LON CURRY
KILLED BY DETECTIVES
Death of the Last of the Band That
Held Up a Union Pacific Train
in Wyoming.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 28.— Lon Cur
ry, one of the train robbers who engaged
lii the "Wilcox. Wyo.. hold-up on the Union
Pacific last June, when something like
$30,000 was obtained, was shot and killed
by officers at Dodson, near here, this
morning while resisting arrest.
Curry was visiting at the home of Miss
lizzie I>*e. Pinkcrtons had tracked him
to Cripple Creek. Kansas City and finally
to Dodson. Early this morning four de
tertlves left here, and arriving at the Lee
house, surrounded It. Curry, pistol in
hand, defied arrest and made a dash to
t scape. Before he could raise his revolver
two of the detectives nred and he fell
d r «ld.
Curry, with five companions, held up
and robbed a passenger train on the Union
Pacific route at Wilcox. Wyo., on July 6
lost PoFFes that chased the bandits kill
ed all but furry. He came here on Thurs
day last. Realizing that he was a desper
ate man. the detectives hesitated to at
tack him until sure of their position. He
vas a half Indian.
SIGNED A WILL BUT
WAS UNDULY INFLUENCED
Testimony Given by Mrs. Keithly,
Who Is Contesting the Last Tes
tament of Her Son.
6x>»cial Dispatch to Thft Call.
WOODLAND. Feb. 2S.— The Keithly will
contest was resumed this morninp- Mrs.
A. Keithly. contestant, and mother: of
the deceased, was en the stand, and her
testimony disclosed the fact that the con
testant is relj'Snß: upon two contentions.
Mrs Keithlv admitted that she saw her
non dKn the will, but that he did so under
undue influence; and. being a victim of
the opium habit, was incapacitated to
transact business. She was 'positive in
the declaration that Dr. Dufficy, one of
the witnesses to the will, was not present
¦when it was executed. The contestant
also accused the wife of the deceased o*
treating him with treat hardship.
THE I EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1900.
"¦'. Beginning This (Morning— The Most Important {Mercantile Event . in the History of the Big Store.
Two O rcat Stocks at Half Price
/T\ Diy Goods and Cloak Stock,
I'y^nn N. Strauss & Co.,
v<s_^^v <5_^^ 14 Grant Avenue.
N. Strauss & Co. only in business 14 months— therefore every-
thing fresh and bright. Their styles were almost exclusive. Every
item of their stock (positively no reserves) on sale now at Half Price.
Brown Bros. & Co. have permanently discontinued their, retail
clothing business. Their reliable clothing now on sale here at
Half Price.
Retail Clothing Stock, /f>\
Brown Bros. & Co., I S\7j
J2i Sansome Street.
Strauss' Muslin Underwear
and Corsets at
Half Price.
Well made handsome Underwear of good Muslin, Nainsooks
and Cambrics, all trimmings being fine embroideries and laces.
Muslin Gowns. Strauss' price 50c, sale price 25c
Muslin Gowns, Strauss' price 65c, our
n^TpV^ price 33c
\*t J*w \ Muslin Gowns, Strauss' price 75c, our
7t JL£~+i P" ce 370
*~ *^C.r?Gfe y Nainsook Gowns, Strauss' price $1.25,
ft£SgFs!&X/\{ our price 630
//>WIKy«?" Nainsook Gowns, Strauss' price $2,
/ * 'I id&^V V* price • $1.00
V I 'V' Nainsook Gowns, Strauss' pric9 $3,
V^PSw On lilh our price $1.50
' I 111 t\ fl 11///' Muslin Skirts, Strauss' price 50c, our
#/' 11l 1 'I price— •*•' .250
'/l\\ » LJL^ Muslin Skirts, Strauss' price
l iti I /r*^§^»^\ $1, our price SOo
'fl /ftS-Tv V* \ ) Muslin Skirts, Stratus' price
I /^^V^Mfcr-^ $1.75, our price 88c
//^Tm^^^n^ Cambric Skirts, Strauss'
j /.'I *ul^%\ MVv\ P" ce 53-50,0ur price.
l/ffLf-fJ Vfcvi THfTV $1*75
/U&M- hfrr<tfZtTrT§\ <\ Cambric Skirts, Strauss' '
/&£isS£rtn\ tH*j\Su£s&. P"ce $5, our price
ygggfeS£^|^ •••• •• $250
t&S^^TXJttZZzi^r^k. Mutlin Drawers, Strauss'
i^^^^^^j:^^ Fice 25c, our price../3<7
£jL^jz<sjjfed&s>J&issr Muslin Drawers, Strauss'
price $1, our price.. SOo
Nainsook Drawers, Strauss' price $2, our price $1.00
Muslin Chemise, Strauss' price 25c, our price- 15c
Muslin Chemise, Strauss' price 75c, our price, 380
Cambric Chemise, Strauss' price $1, our price -Sflc
Cambric Chemise, Straps' price $1.35, our price- GBO
Corset Covers, Strauss' price 15c, our price So
Corset Cover 3, Strauss' pries 25c, our price 13 O
Corset Covers, Strauss' pries 35c, our price ..17 O
Corset Covers, Strauss' price 50c, our price 25c
Corset Covers, Strauss' price 75c, our price .....37c
Corset Covers, Strauss' price $1, our price ...800
Strauss' Corset Stock consists of the
best stock of W. 8., R. and G., Ferris Waists,
P. D., I. C. and C. P. and other miscellaneous
brands, all of. which are unsparingly out for the
great double sale, to one-half of Strauss' price.
W. B. and R. G. Corsets; Strauss' rt \^^
price $I.so— sale price. ...7 So SfneS^fc
W. B. and K. G. Corsets, Strauss' ißli&^
price $3.oo— sale price.s/«5O ©^ 1
I. C P. D. and C. P. Corsets; /
Strauss' price ?3.Co— sale price
$1.50 -/ %
Assorted lots of Corsets; Strauss'
price 50c — sale price 25c /M^^^S?L
Assorted lots of Corsets; Strauss' ( ('^3^^TOfcr]
prices $1 — sale price. .....sOc \\fyWfi!sl£^s
Size lines are more or less
broken, but we have your size in /^l-^l^ i'h
Eonie of the above and they are • . J/^
the biggest corset bargains ever
bought in this city. :
Extra Bargains.
Ladies' White Aprons; Strauss' price 15c— sales price. So
Ladies' Gingham Aprons; Strauss' price 15c— sales pricj...sc
McKay's Hcse Support and Brace for children; Strauss' price
50c— sale pries IQo
Children's Hats and Wash Caps; Strauss' prices were 25c to
$2— your choice of the lot, each 100
On the above extra bargains, a limit to two
art.cles to a customer. •
Scond Flozr, r.ejr Elevator.
Linings and Notions From
The Strauss Stock-
Half Price.
Strauss' 10c black and colored Taffeta Lining3— yard So
Strauss' 10c 36-inch Cotton Canvas— yard StS
Strauss' loc 36-inch Percaline3— yard So
Strauss' 50c 24-inch Silk Moreens— yard 2So
Strauss' 15c silk-finished Taffeta, 36 inches wide — yard.7 1-2o
Fine Rhinestone Pompadour Combs, in amber and
shell-
Strauss' price $1.00 $1.50 $2.00 $2.50
Our price SGc 780 Sf.OO $1.25
Fine Rhinestone Side Gomhs, shell or amber, latest
styles, at half Strauss 9 prices*
Strauss' 25c Shell Sid B Gontb, cut to— pair IDo
Strauss' extensive assortment of Beaded Bolts? % rang-
ing in price from 50c to $5 each— great double sale prices...
25c to 92.50
Strauss' Shoulder BraCOf. for ladies, - misses and
children, that were 20c, 25c and 30c— now cut to ;!.;' -c
• WC, 12 1-2 C and ISO
Strauss' 25c Leather Beits—now cut to 12 I'2c
Strauss' soc Leather Belts — now cut to 250
Ladies' Satin Belt Hose Supporters in an assortment of colors,
Strauss' price 50c a pair— great double sale price 250
U^olion — [M»in Floor.
Strauss' Glove Stock
Half Price.
Strauss' $1 2-clasp Ladies' Kid Gloves, reds, greens, browns,
tin, white, butter and black, per pair 500
Strauss' $1 2-clasp Ladies' Mocha Gloves, browns, greens and
grays, per pair SOo
Strauss' $2 16-button Suede in opera colors, per pair'-^/ OO
Strauss' $1.25 3-clasp Kid Gloves, tans and modes, per pair.Gi? 3
Strauss' $1 8 -button lengths and 2-cleep Chamois Gloves, white
and natural, per pair ....SOo
Strauss' $1.50 10-button length Suedes, black only, pair..7so
Strauss' Ladies' $1 Gauntlet Gloves, per pair .....B9c
Strauss' 2Cc black Cashmere Gloves, per pair ¦ 13c
Strauss' 25c black Taffeta Gloves, per pair 130
Misses' Colored Cashmere Gloves, brown and black, Strauss'
price 25c per pair 13c
Ladies' Black Silk Mitts, 10 button lengths, Strauss' price 50c
per pair :.....250
Glove Section, Main Roor.
Choice Dress Goods From
The Strauss Stock-
Half Price.
An assortment of Covert Cloths, Venetian, Plaid, Check Suit-
ings and Black Crepon?, ail desirable goods, from the Dress-
making and Suit Department of N. Strauss & Co.
56-inch extra heavy Covert Cloth, Strauss' price $2.50 per
yard— great double sale price $1.25
56-inch Tailor Suitings, Strauss' price $2.75 per yard — great
double sale price : $1»37 I*2
54-inch Venetian C'oth, in black and colors, Strauss' price $2.00
per yard— great double sale price... $ImOO
56-inch Reversible Suitings, proper weight and styles < for
Bpring, Straues' price $2.50 per yard— great double sale
price— $1.25
44-inch Black Crepons, Strauss' price $2.00 per yard— great
double sale price ,SI.QO
First Aisle — Left of Entrance.
Brown Bros. & Co.'s Retail Stock of Fine
Clothing for Men and Boys—
HALF PRICE/
Brown Bros.' Men's
Suits Half Price.
Lot I— Consists of five or six different
styles of Cheviot and Cassimeres. They
are well made with French facings and
perfect in fit ; Brown Bros.' price
$13.00 — great double m-g%
sale price.. 90.9U
Lot 2 -In thi3 assortment you have the
choice of fifteen to twenty different
styles of high-grade pure wool Wor-
steds and Cassimeres— checks, plaids,
stripes and plain blacks and blues,
made and trimmed in the best possible
manner; Brown Bros.' price $15.00 —
great double sale price 4*7 C%t%
Lot 3 -Consists of 15 to 20 different
styles of high-class pure Worsted Suits,
tailored in the best possible manner, in
all the newest and most stylish pat-
terns — materials and workmanship in
these garments equal to tailor made;
Brown Bros.' price $22.50 o gZ
— great double sale price *Pf#»^f O
Brown Bros.' Over'
• coats Half Price.
Lot 1 — Men's Overcoats — fast color
Beavers, Kerseys and Cheviots — well-
made, good - looking garments, for
which Brown Bros, asked $12.50— great
double sal e price Off
Lot 2— Men's Overcoats— made of the
finest Kerseys, Coverts and Vicuna-
some of them silk lined throughout, all
have silk velvet collars and are tailored
in best manner, perfect in fit; Brown
Bros.' price $17.50 — 4£J»
great double sale price.. 9&* * 9
Lot 3 — Young Men's Overcoats -6 or 7
different kinds 'to select from, in Co-
verts, Kerseys and Cheviots — well
made, well trimmed, perfect fitting;
Brown Bros.' price slo— mm nn
great double sale price... 99. W
Lot 4 — Overcoats for Young Men— the.
finest grade of Kerseys, Coverts and
some Oxford Gray Vicunas, made and
trimmed in the latest up-to-date fash-
ion; Brown Bros.' price 4*o *(¦
$17.50— 0ur price 99. M 9
Main Floor— near entrance.'
Brown Bros.' Boys' long
Pants Suits Half Prloe.
Lot I—A1 — A large assortment of youths'
$10 suits in all the fashionable styles —
Cheviots, Serge 3 and Cassimeres; Brown
Bros.'s price $10— great — nn
double sale price 9viVV
Lot 2— A fine assortment of all-wool Blue
and Black Worsteds and Serges,' Che-
viots and Cassimeres; coats - single or
double breasted; stylish in make and
perfect fitting; Brown Bros.' price $15
—great double sale price $7.50
Brown Bros.' Boys' 3-
pleoe Suits, Half Price.
Lot I— Large number of well made and
S trimmed 3-piece suits, coats single or
double breasted in serges, wors teds and
cassimeres; Brown Bros.' price $10.00,
great double sale price g&m nn
99. UU
Lot 2— Consists of pure wool worsteds
and serges, coat, vest and knee pants,
handsomely made and trimmed; Brown
Bros.' price $12.50 — **cs
great double sale price 9vi*o
Brown Bros.' Chil-
dren's Suits Half Price.
Lot I— All-wool Vestee Suits, sizes 3 to
8 years; they have small coat collars
or large sailor collars, all-wool mixtures
of cheviots and cassimeres; Brown
Bros.' price $s.oo— great B£%
double sale price 91S.S%M
Lot 2—All-"xool Vestee Suits, sizes 3 to 8
years, serges or cassimeres, with deep
sailor collar or the new coat collar,
handsomely trimmed stylish little suits;
Brown Bros.' price $7.50— fZZ -
great double sale price ...9wi a 9
Lot Z—t/111-icool Sailor Suits, sizes 3 to
10 years, blue or fancy cheviots, long
cut blouse, well made, nicely trimmed;
Brown Bros.' price $5.00— o S4l
great double sale price... 3W»*«>l#
Lot 4—Exra Fine Sailor Suits, blue
serges and cheviots, fancy cassimeres,
extra long cut blouse, handsomely trim-
med collars and embroidered shields,
very jaunty little suits; Brown Bros.'
price $7.50 - great double am 7c
sale price ..&&. #9
Lot s— Vestee or Blouse Suits. This lot
consist of about 40 different styles in
blue, red, green, browji, etc., trimmings
and embroideries contrasted, extremely
swell garments in the spring style; •
Brown Bros.' price $10.00, a— nn
great double sale price.... 99 .U 0
Brown Brosi' Boys' 2-
piece Suits, Half Price.
Lot I—Boys'1 — Boys' dark cassimere 6uits, well
made, double breasted jackets and knee ~
: , pants, every seam well sewed, a wear
giving suit for boys 8 to 15 years;
" Brown Bros.' price $2.75 — a« j§n
' .great double sale price.... &I.*T%M
Lot 2 — A handsome assortment all-wool
2-piece suits, cheviots and cassimeres,
well made, lined and trimmed, war-
ranted to give the best of satisfaction,
sizes from 8 to 15 years; Brown Bros.'
price $6.00— great double m g%f%
sale price... «J^Ji«C#l#
Lot 3- Reefer Suits, for boys 3
to 10 years of age, all-wool cassimeres,
cheviots and serges; they ; have deep
sailor collars, are well made and trim-
med ;Bro*n ßros.' price ss aa grn','-
— great double sale price 9*. .50
Umbrellas Half Pride.
Strauss' stock, including Umbrellai for ladies and msn,
ranging in price from 750 to $10.00 each; our prices \ will be
exactly one-half. ? * v
$1.00 Umbrella3...sO© $2.00 Umbrellas. ..sl.OO
$4.00 Umbrellas ......$2.00
Main Floor— U^ear Rotunda.
Silks— Half Price.
19-inch plain and colored Taffetas, good colors for linings and
ruffles, Strauss' price 85c per yard— great double sale price..
1......:.........;..^....42 U2o
27-inch plain and glace Taffeta, will make serviceable Under- ;
skirts and Shirt Waists, Straus3' price $1.25 per yard— great t
double sale price.% 62 1-2o
First erfisle— Left of Entrance.
Strauss' Fine Cloaks, Suits, Furs,
0 Skirts, Waists, Wrappers,
etc.— HALF PRICE.
Strauss' Fine Jackets
Half Price.
Lot I— Large assortment of light and
medium weight Jackets, most of them
silk lined, nearly all colors, Strauss'
prices $5.00 to $15.00, our sale prices
*1.00 to $3.95
Lot 2 — An assorted lot of fine heavy and
light weight Jackets, all silk lined,
Strauss' prices $10.00 to $25.00, our
sale price, choice for $4.93
Lot 3 — An assortment of the very finest
silk lined Jackets, all colors and, sizes,
Strauss' prices $20.00 to $30.00, our
sale price..... $10. 00
Strauss' Fine Skirts
Half Price.
Lot I— An assortment of this season's
plain and plaid Skirts, all wool, ,all
finely made, Strauss' prices $2.50 to
$10.00, our sale prices
...BOc, $1, 51.50 and $2.45
Lot 2— Assorted lot of this season's
finest solid colored black silk fancy
colored and beautiful Plaid Skirts,
Strauss' prices $10X0 to $15.00, , our
sale price .SB.UO
Lot 3 -An assortment of Black Silk
Taffeta and finest Black Broadcloth
Skirts, some of them silk lined, Strauss'
prices ? 20.00 to $3000, our sale
price $10. 00
Strauss' Fine Under"
skirts Half Price.
Lot I— An assortment, of all kinds of
fancy cotton Underskirts, for which
Strauss asked $1.00, $1.50 and $2.00—
our sale prices
.-23 c, 800, 7 80
Lot 2— Varied assortment of fancy cot-
ton, metallic, sateen, alpaca . and
moreen Underskirts, all styles, Strauss'
prices $2.00. $3.00, $4.so.' and $5.00—
our sale price 5..............:.
$1.00, $1.30 and $2.43
Lot 3— Assorted lot of colored and black
silk Petticoats, a great variety, Strauss'
prices were $7.50 to $20.00 -our sale
prices..... .$3.43 to $10.00
Second Floor— front.
Strauss' Fine Furs
Half Price.
Lot I— For Neck Pieces in a varied as-
sortment of the very latest shapes and
colors, Strauss' prices $1.50 to $4.00,
our sale prices..... 800 to $2
Lot 2— A most complete line of tho
latest novelties in Fur Collarettes,
light and dark and plain effects, Strauss'
prices from $10.00 to $20.00, our, sale
. priceß $4.45 to $9mOO
Lot 3— An almost endless variety of
Capes in all styles and : sizes, which
Strauss & Co. had marked from $15.00
' to $25.00 each, our sale prices
$6.45 to $12.45
¦ . ¦ . ¦" . • ¦ . - " ¦
Strauss' . Fine Tailor
Dresses Half Price.
Lot 1— A ¦ varied assortment of ladies'
all-wool Dresses, for . which Strauss
charged $7.50 to $18.00, our sale
prices $2. 50 to $7.50
Lot 2— An assortment of ladies' al'-wool
Tailor Dresses, black, navy and colored,
a great many of them silk lined, Strauss'
prices $20.00 to $25.00, our sale price
.......:.... ...........; ...SIO.UO
Lot 3— Consists of the newest and 1 best
Tailor Dresses, all colored, many silk
lined, Strauss' prices $20.00 to $35.00,
our sale price $15.00
Strauss' Fine Gapes
Half Price.
Lot I—Assorted-lot1 — Assorted -lot of Capes, several
kinds, golf and others, for which
Strauss' prices were $5.00 to $12.00,
our sale price $2.50 to $8.00
Lot 2— Assorted lot of fine Golf, Plush
and Cloth Capes, all fine styles, Strauss'
prices $15.00 to $18.00, our Bale
price "... : $7.43
Lot 3— An t assortment of finest and
newest Imported Golf Capes, good
cloth and velvet Capes, Strauss' prices
$2J.00 to $25.00, our sale price
$0.45
Strauss' Fine Waists
Half Price.
Lot I— Assorted lot of fine Shirt Waists,
all kinds, Strauss' prices were EOc to
$2.50 — our sale prices.
15c, 25c and 800
Lot 2 — An assortment of all-wool solid
color and some plaid Waists, braided
and plain, Strauss' prices $1.50 to
$3.50- — our sale prices
80c, $ImOO, $1.50
Lot 3— Assortment of finest Silk Waists,
all colors and black, all sizes, Strauss'
prices $5.00 to J 20.00— our sale
prices ...$2.50 to $7.50
Strauss' Fine Wrappers
Half Price.
Lot I—Assorted1 — Assorted lot of calico and flan-
nelette Wrappers, all kinds, for which
Strauss' prices were $1.00 to $4.00 — •
our sale prices
390 to $1.4-3
Lot 2— An assortment of all-wool, eider- '
down, French flannel and fancy cash-
mere Robes and Tea Gowns,- Strauss'-
prices $5.00 to $10.00, our sale prices..
....:.. ........... :...$2.80 to $SmOO
Lot B—Finest8 — Finest all-wool fancy cashmere
and silk Tea Gowns, most elaborately
trimmed, Strauss' prices $15X0 to
$35.00, our sale prices... '...;.....
...$7.50 to $18.00
Leading
121-2 c
Cigars
on sale here
We.
IHI EMPORIUM
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
¦:';: Mail
Orders
Filled for
Sale
Goods,
-if in time.
Strauss' Fine Knit Under'
wear and Hosiery-
Half Price.
N. Strauss & Co. carried an exceptionally
fine line of Knit Underwear and Hosiery— we /K4 '
have mercilessly cnt the prices in half — not a ©^* ¦
single boxful has been spared.
Ladies' pure cashmere wool Vests and Pants, j^®^'
natural and white, made by the celebrated /TO]™a\M\
Luwrne Mills. ? ,;i>.-5 -./^ #Ws!n
StrausS Si. 50 Cuments — cut to. %^Wln/
: :750 '>sr^fllW '
Strauss' 51.75 Garnunts—cut to. ' /^ v v\ ,
: .880 £^:iiSft ,
Ladies' Egyptian cotton Union Suit?, ALT H^f*% "mUVi Vi
Strauss' price 50c each— •^M*^/^TOnP t
great double sale price .v— ,
•— 280 J^y^^^W
Ladies' heavy fleeced lined /fy < %£&~c t j»«»Jv? vili
Union Suits, ecru or natural [l([ T%^W^,v\ >&f
gray, Strauss' price 50c— f'( O^^3»v}" ljk- >
great double sale price V V ft v»\Vt*. A/— sfK
T ......280 \& &ny, Whsß\3
Ladies' extra fine quality _fe rN^ l ''\V\\\ jAft
Egyptian : cotton Union f^l \ /J* M * V^ s
Suits, buttoned down the . Sj^A \/. \ *
front or across the shoul- \ V 3 - \ ••• j \
der, white or ecru, Strauss'- - \R
price $1.00— great double
sale price: ¦. 800
Ladies' all-wool and wool mixed Union Suits, made by the
famous Empress Mills.
Half tcool, itrauss' pries St. 25— our price 630
T'xo-th.irdswwl, Strauss' price Si. 50— our prei 1.75©
All-upol, Stra-us' price $2.50— 0ur price $1.25
Ladies' extra heavy fieece lined, H. N. L. S. Egyptian, cotton
Vests, ecru or gray, pants to match, Strauss' price 50c —
great double sale price.-. :...2So
Ladies' Lisle .Thread Vests, with pants knee or ankle length to
match, white or ecru, Strauss' price 50c— great doable sale
price 1 ..230
Ladies' Cashmere Merino Vests— Swiss . ribbqd; Strauss' price
• $1— great double sale price ....SOo
Ladies' Jersey ribbed pure wool Vests, pants to match, white or
gray; Btrauss* price 11.50— great double sale price 7 So
Ladies' Flat Merino Vests and Pants, white or natural gray—
¦ trauss' 50c garments— cut to 2So
Strauss' 75c garments— cut to 35T©
r'^k^: Strauss' Si. 00 garments— cut to. .....SOo
Ladies' low-neck, sleeveless cotton Vests—
Strauss' 15c Vests— great double sale price 80
Strauss' 25c Vests— great double sale price 12\O
Ladies' fancy Lisle, low neck, sleeveless Vests, with fancy
crochet neck or lace trimming; Strauss price 50c each —
great double sale price I. 2So
Ladies' low. neck, sleeveless silk Vests, in white and assorted
colors — ...j:. ?,:,- - -\
Strauss'- 50c silk plaited Vtsts — now 250
Strauss' 75c Silk spun Vests— now 380 ¦'
Strauss' St. 50 all-silk Vests— nova..'. .750
Ladies' high neck, long sleeves,' cotton Vests, ecra or. white,
\ pants to match—
20c Vests f0r........ .Wo 24c Vests - 12\o
Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf Black Cotton Hose, out sizes-
Strauss' 25c Hose— great double sale price 12 1-2o
Strauss' 35c Hose— great double sale price 180
Strauss' 50c Hose— great double sale price....' 250
Ladies'. Pure Lambs Wool Hose in black or natural gray—:
Strauss' 25c grade — great double sale price 12 1-2o
Strauss' 35c grade — great double sale price i.... 180
Strauss' 50c grade— great double sale price...:.'.;.; 2SO
Ladies' Imported Black and Colored Silk Hose —
Strauss' 50c plaited silk Hose— cnt to 2So
Strauss' $1.25 spun silk Hose— cut to 630
Strauss' $2.50 pure silk Hose — cnt t0...... .-..51»2S
Strauss' $450 pure silk Hose— opera length — cut t0...52»25
Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf Black and Fancy Cotton Hose— ¦
Strauss' price 25c per pair— great double sale price./<2 1-2o
Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf black and assorted tans and fancy
lisle thread Hose, for which Strauss charged 50c per pair-
great double sale price „ 250
Second of Entrance.
Neckwear, Feather
Boas
From Strauss' Stock
Half Price.
"V SoL Stran33 ' S l - 25 Fancy Silk and Chiffon Stocks-
•v'grah* Strauss' Applique Mousseline Scarfs in black
and cream, that were $2 each $I.iiO
g|tg||«P|j Strauss' 75c White Lace and Net Scarfs. 2
yards long 37\0
£&'*?'*&, Straws' Poipt d'Esprit Stocks, ranging
SB 2.& L _gfc_ i° price from 35c to $1. sale
fll'^ffi^ni pr!ce i&° to s°°
JJRipjßß§§§3&3^ A broken line of Silk and Chiffon
IB^<W**S«rS===P Fronts that Strauss asked $2,
Wjs Wsz I^js> Price...*/, $1.13, $1.25,
!ss*¦ '¦ ufe??^3pC A line of Pi( la 9l a 9 aa(l Silk Fonr-in-
!2 . jpfXjfiP'' Hands in pretty coloring*,
yjjtyf frffirS Strauss' prices 50c to $1.25,
•^ t^^JS* ." 230, 37\o 9 62\0
Chiffon, Lace .and Silk Jabots,
ranging in price from $1 to $4, great donble sa!a price
?..........:.... .-... ....SOo to $2.00
A line of • black and a few colored Foath&n Boas,
Strauss' prices from $5 to $29 each, great double Hie prices
, ..:.............. 92.80 to SW.OO
An assorted lot of Cogue Boas and Collarettes, Strauss' prices
$1.50 to $3.50, our prices ...750 to $1.75
Strauss' full 'line of Neck Ruches that were $2.50 to ST. now
marked.......... ..$1.23 to $3.80
Neckwear — First Floor.
Strauss' Handkerchief Stock
at Half Price.
. .' Strauss' Sale
Price. Price.
Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, fancy corners 5c 2\o
Plain hemstitched, all linen and lace trimmed... 8c 4o
Unlaundered Hemstitched - Handkerchiefs, all
j pure linen, hand thread drawn work 10c So
Swiss scalloped embroidered and fancy hem-
stitched Handkerchiefs — 10c BO
Swiss scalloped and hemstitched, with lace and .
embroidered corners.. .* 12Jc B\O
Swiss scalloped, embroidered and hemstitched
with lace and embroidered corners-.... 15c ' ' 7\O
Swiss scalloped embroidered, hemstitched em-
broidered, 'lace edge and lace embroidered,
and all linen scalloped embroidered....... 25c 12\o
All-linen and Swiss scalloped embroidered 35c 130
TACOMA MEN BUY A
MINE IN PLACER COUNTY
Complete New Plant of Machinery Is
Now Being Put In and Work Will
Be Vigorously Carried On.
Special Dispatch to The Call. . ;-v; -v ;
TACOMA, Feb. 28.— A syndicate of Ta
coma men have purchased sixteen acres
of old placer jtround near Lincoln, Placer
County. California. Speke Bros., who are
promoting the enterprise, have spent %\o,
000 in development work, proving that the
property Is located on the . "old blu<j"
channel which for many years has been
known to carry rich auriferous deposits.
4, tunnel iOO feet In length baa been run
from the foot of the inclined shaft, expos
ing an immense body of rich gold-hearing?
gravel ready to be worked. This stratum
is four to seven feet thick, and runs very
evenly in values. Tests made show an
average value of $5 per ton. Concentrates
from the mine assayed in San Francisco
and Tacoma give values of $64 and $S4l
per ton. A complete new plant of: ma
chinery is now being put In, including a
Dodg? crusher, set of rolls, hoisting, plant
and engine, which was shipped from San
Francisco last week. .
Extending a Railroad.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 28.— A meeting of
railroad men is scheduled to' take place In
this city in a few weeks, theobject'of
which will be to devise ways and means
for completing the Arizona and Utah
Railroad to a connection with the Oregon
Short Line, which at present : runs from
Mllford, Utah, 220 miles southeast of Salt
Lake City, a distance of 90 miles to the
Utah line, where •. a new terminus - known
as Uvada has been established. ..; When
this road is completed Los Angeles. will be
only twenty hours from Salt Lake City.
The Arizona and Utah line at present runs
from Kingman northward to Chloride, and
is headed .for the Colorado River.
Governors' Meeting Postponed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT, LAKK, Utah, Feb. 28.— The meet
ing of Governors of. various States, callel
by Governor . Richards of Wyoming to
meet I here, has 7' been indefinitely post
poned, owing to lack of Interest, r The
meeting should ; have : been held : three
weeks ago. ; The' meeting may be held in
Washington, D. C, where Governor Wells
nowife.
SLEPT WHILE FRIENDS
OF CLARK CONFERRED
Congressman Campbell Did Not Hear
the Flans for the Anti-Daly
Campaign.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2S.— Congressman
Campbell, principal counsel for. the prose
cution in the Clark case, was on. the stand
during the greater part of .the day before
the ' Senate Committee on Elections. He
said that while . he attended < the primary
conference "of friends of Clark which re
sulted in the anti-Daly, campaign,' he had
not heard much of the ta!k.-hav!i»s yona
to eiOMi» * He had given the Clar* ptt j-le
n'> ¦¦formal' notice ¦ wh»»r«: he decide! t jtl;«=
contlr.ue ti? allegiance to ClarK an* he
did not bVcome unfriendly- to Clr.rJi until
he became dissatisfied with his campaign
mettled*. :He emphatically -lonic i Rtn
TlM's s:at ement that he , (Campbell) had
opened the Bickford letter bearing upon
the prosecution of Whlteside. but confess
ed that he had advised Hill to open It,"
saying that he felt it to be so important
to Wniteslde to protect- him from an un
just prosecution that he would' have ad
vised this course even if he' had been fam
iliar with : the penal statutes, which he
was not. ¦ ' '
Root to Visit Cuba.
WASHINGTON. Feb. • 28.— Secretary
Root to-day announced his intention to
make a flying trip to Cuba. He wishes to
make a personal* examination of present
conditions. - both political and . industrial.
in the island. The time is approaching
for the .holding' of the first election In
Cuba. and. as this is a critical period in
the career of the embryo nation, the Ssc
retary desires to give it the closest atten
tion. In Havana General "Wood, the miM.
tary governor, is beset by many questions
of the gravest character, requiring imme
diate answers, and it is the Intention of
Secretary Root to save correspondence
and by his personal presence and advica
enable these matters to be speedily dis
posed of. . He .will leave on Friday.
Conventions in Utah.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Feb. 23.— The Dem
ocratic State convention will be called- to
order at 10 o'clock to-morrow, for the pur
pose of nominating a candidate for Con
gress and to elect six delegates to tfta
national convention. . ; :
The Republican Stats , convention will
meet on Friday, sfsil
r
5; ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
¦ • ¦
I In Next Sunday's Xall [
¦ MARCH f*>. 1900. / -. *r ' r .. •
B "REMEMBER THE, ..ALAMOS' : % ¦ ] ¦
¦ .' ¦ „ Senora Eulaiie Rianez tells of her "'. - : '*" • . • ' -\ ."¦ g
¦ thrilling experiences duringthe '.-¦.. • ¦
¦ , ' . historic siege of the Alamo. \',\ '.- • . ¦ .. : ¦¦
g THE STORY OF THE CLARK- - : J
¦. „ DALY FEUD. . .; .- ?': ' ¦
g ... SAN FRANCISCO'S SOCIETY - j
¦ ¦:¦ .-: •. GIRLSWHO ARE CLEVER ; ¦
¦ . "VAUDEVILLE ARTISTJS. : S
S HOW THEY E
¦ ARE MINING IN DAWSON . / ¦
¦ THIS WINTER. ? ; . . ¦
B SOME OF OUR : : j
j MILLIONAIRES WHO WORK. ; J
¦ HUNTING FOR* / /S.
¦ EGRET PLUMED 5
S A FEW OF SAN FRANCISCO'S '",' ¦'.
¦ COZY FIREPLACES. ¦ . :' ¦
¦ HOW TO DEFEND YOUR- : 2
¦ SELF WHEN-. -;.v '"'¦ a
S ATTACKED BY FOOTPADS. k :>.' i ;g
f. BOOK, REVIEW . "[. ': ¦
BY B. G. LATHROP. - : ¦
g A CALIFORNIA SHEPHERDESS;^ ,\, -J
5 ...^THE^SUNDAY CALL LEADS-THEM ALL — . S
.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦a
THE NEXT VICE PRESIDENT.
r~NOLITICAL conditions. are such that about the
Ly only feature of the approaching campaign that at
-.•':¦ tracts much of popular interest' at this time is that
of the selection of candidates for the Vice Presidency.
It is conceded that McKjnlcy wijl-be reriominated
virtually by acclamation, and that .Bryari, will be again
the Democratic nominee; that the platforms will be
in the main the same as those of 1896, arid the issues
before the people not: widely different. Who shall be
chosen, for Vice President is thus .the . only matter
about which there is any room for speculation or a
contest. .-;.;'¦.: :- '¦ ¦'. '¦'. .."¦•¦.' •:'••••""¦• •" ''•'..
."• As to the choice pf the Bryanites of a running
mate for their leader, it matters little. He had two in
the last campaign and may have a half-dozen this
time if hcj feel like it and thinkit will add to his
chances. The selection of the Republican candidate
is a different thing altogether. That choice should
be made with care, for, while the office is not one of
political power, it has high prestige, and its incum
bent is, in the uncertainty of human life, close to the
Presidency. It is therefore of high : importance that
the nominee for the Vice Presidency should be a
man whom the people would not be unwilling to see
in the Presidency, itself. . ...;.. ... ;:
It was the custom before the war for both parties
to select the candidate for the Vice Presi
dency from the South if . the : Presidential nominee
were from the North, or from the North, if the leader
on the ticket were from the South. Since the war the
custom has been to select one from the East and the
other from the West, for now the two great divisions
of the Union are marked by lines of longitude and
not of latitude. It is right it should be so, but it is
now high time for the division between East and
West, to be rightly drawn. • The Allcghany Moun r
tains are no longer a proper dividing line. President
McKinley is not a* Western but an Eastern man. The
Vice Presidency should in this case, therefore; be
conceded to the section of the country lying west of
the Mississippi River. It is time for the Greater West
to be recognized in political conventions. : '¦'¦¦. V
A strong sentiment existed in the East in favor of
Roosevelt for .Vice President on the McKinley ticket,
hut since he has emphatically declared he will not ac
cept it there has been no agreement among the East
ern people on any candidate from that section. ; The
field is therefore free and open to all aspirants. Here,
then, is a good opportunity for the Western States to
' Th* most efficacious stimulant to *xcita th*
appetite ia r>r. 81eg-ert's Angostura Bitters. Be-
war* r ' eouitterfalts. ¦ o : ' >j .
Incredible but True.
Passengers ' on . th* ; Union Pacific j "Overland
Limited" can ¦ leave San . Francisco fourteen-
hours later and ' arrive- la Chicago 'nearly fly«
hours earlier than by : any other Una. D. W.
Hitchcock. Gen.* Agt., 1 Montgomery, st, 8. F.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
JOURNEYMEN TAILORS-O. R., City.
The ' wages of journeymen tailors vary In
San- Francisco and are from $12 .to $1S per
week.':--- • ¦••¦¦¦ * -• ¦ '.
STEVEDORES-W. H. A.. City. Union
stevedores who work on ships in the bay
of San' Francisco are. paid according to
the work they perform. ,The wages range
from 40 to 50 cents an hour. • *,-¦•.:
LABOR COMMISSIONER— S.; City. The
office of the Labor Commissioner Is in the
Emma Spreckels = building. The Labor
Commissioner is F. V. Meyers and when
he is absent from his office his deputy, J.
I>. Kelsey, is in charge.
CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICTS— J. O.
S., Sulphur Creek, Colusa County, Cal. The
State of Oregon has -but two Congres
sional districts. The first is made up of
Benton, Clackamas, Coos, .Curry, Doug
lass, Jackson, Josephine, Klaraath, Lake,
Lane, Linn, Marion, Polk, Tillamook,
Washington and Yamhill counties. The
second is made up of Baker, Cook, Clat
sop. Columbia, Gilliam, Grant, Harney,"
Malheur, Morrow. Multnomah, Sherman.
Personally Conducted Excursions '
In Improved wlde-Testlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping can Tia Santa Fa rout*. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to' look aftar th* welfar* of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal,
and Toronto "every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and;
Friday. Ticket office, CS Market str**Co ..-,•
WHARVES ALONG
THE FRONT ARE
TO BE EXTENDED
Harbor Commissioners. Ask
the Federal Authorities
for Permit.
Contract for Building : New Ferry
Postoffice Let— Warren With.
General Wheeler Aboard
Dv« Next Week."
r— + r-
The Harbor Commissioners met yester
day and adopted the following resolution,
offered by Major Harney:
Be It resolved, by the Board of State Harbor
Commissioners, that the Governor oi the btate
of California be and is hereby requested, to
communicate with the proper authorities of the
United States of America, the necessity for al
tering and extending the pier headline of the
harbor of San Francisco, and suggest such ac-
Uon on the part of the National Government
as will cause tho speedy re-establishment =of
said line.
The commission was piven permission to
extend the wharves along the front 3w
feet, but there is a Federal law which
says that no piers shall be longer than
600 feet. Just as soon as the national
Government gives. the permit now asked
for the work of extending the wharves
W The e Alaska Commercial Company asked
for two berths at Howard-street wharf 3
when it is completed. An answer will be
sent by Secretary English setting forth
that no assignments, of space can be made
until the pier is completed
The contract for building the new post
offlce on the south end of the ferry depot
was let to Andrew Wilkle Jr. for $23 YW.
The next lowest bidder was t red Miller,
who offered to do th© work for $23.h50. t
while the highest bid was that of R. C.
Andrus, $29,3 ( J1. „ / ,».
The contract for supplying piles for the
widening of the Jackson street and the
extending of Main street wharves was di
vided among the Parafflne Paint Com
pany Dundon Bridge and Construction
Company and the Perfection Pile Com-
The transport Warren will" probably not
reach San Francisco until next week.
From Manila she went to Hongkong to
coal and from there went to Guam and
was then to come home via Honolulu.
General Joe Wheeler is a passenger on
the Warren. •" ¦;_-¦.- ?-_,.
Captain Murphy of the Shenandoah is
taking a vacation, and Captain Harvey
will take the vessel out on her voyage to
Sydney, N. S. W. ; ' « , .
'¦ The schooner J. G. North arrived from
Honoipu yesterday with a cargo of sugar
and coffee. She was placed in quarantine.
The new schooner Expansion Is going to
Puget Sound to load lumber for San Pe
dro. Captain John'E. Larsen will com
mand the, new vessel. 0 • ¦
The ship Bohemia and the transport
Meade dragged their anchors yesterday.
For the last few days the tide has been
running out like a mlllrace.
Frank Madden broke in to a house at
214 Steuart street early yesterday morn
ing. He was arrested by ' Officer Henne
berry and charged with burglary at; the
Harbor police station. •
A dispatch to the Merchants' Exchange
reports the loss of the American ship St.
John by fire. The- crew was saved. The
St. John was on her. way from New York
to Yokohama with a cargo of coal oil and
took, fire near Bauju Waugl, Java. She
was owned by J. F. Chapman & Co. of
this city. •¦• ¦¦" -. • ¦
refuses to account to her for the same or
deliver it to her, • - : -;'. _'¦' \
EUROPEAN N AVAL PLANS.
GEORGE T. GOSCHEN; First Lord of the Ad
, miralty, in moving "the naval estimates in" the
Commons on Monday, stated that, the "total
amount asked for is £30,000,000 (about $150,000,000)".
He then went on to say there is nothing sensational
in the Government's naval programme. Nothing in
the estimates has been put ;down. for the purpose of
providing for the mobilization of the fleets of the em
pire, as the Ministry does not: believe the expense
would be. warranted by the situation; The Govern
ment, however, understands that the.' nation expects
the navy to be prepared for emergencies, and .the es
timates . have been made accordingly. If : anything
should occur t« render mobilization necessary Parlia
ment will be promptly asked to vote the -money. •
After an address of that kind it was hardly needed
for the orator to declare that the Hague convention
is a thing of the past. When a Government asks for
$150,000,000 for a naval programme in which there
are to be no sensational features it is evident the trend
of affairs among nations is toward anything rather
than disarmament. The peace conference has, in fact,
had less effect upon Europe than the usual morning
prayer has on a debate in the House of Representa-
tives. '. • •
Of the total amount asked for the Ministry pro
poses to expend in this and the succeeding year
£8460,000 in the construction of new warships. Mr.
Goschen stated that during the same period the Rus
sians would expend £4,300,000 for additional war ves
sels, and the French. £4,ls4,ooo, so tnat the British
naval increase would be something in excess of that
of Russia and France combined. Thus the estimate
is in accord with the old policy of Great Britain to
maintain a navy equal to that of any alliance likely
to be formed against her.
These statements of the programmes of expendi
tures for the next two years give, however, but an
inadequate idea of the full extent of the naval s plans
now under consideration among the great nations.
The German: Emperor has for a long time been striv
ing to induce the Reichstag to consent to the expen
diture of $10,000,000 a year for the next twenty years
in constructing new ships. Of course each addition
to the number of ships will entail'an addition to the
annual appropriations for maintaining the navy, so
a vote in favor of the policy would mean a much
larger outlay for naval purposes than the. $200,000,000
which is directly asked for.
The French Ministry has asked for $150,000,000 for
a plan of naval expansion to cover a period of seven
years, and about one-third of the amount is to be ex
pended in new ships. The remainder is to be used
in constructing and fortifying ports in various parts
of the globe. A member of the Cabinet is quoted a3
having. said recently: "To have a fleet is nothing.
What is wanted are harbors for the fleet, dotted about
the coasts of the whole world."
It will be seen from these estimates for naval work
in France and Germany that Goschen's estimates for
Great Britain are not sensational. Imperialism costs
money. It is not a cheap fad, nor can it be followed
along lines of economy, or with any regard for tax
payers. In r the meantime it is to be noted that France
and Germany can with difficulty pay the interest on
their, debts and maintain their military establish
ments, and Great , Britain leaves a udozen important
domestic reforms ; untouched for '; lack . of .-money to
defray the expense. ,' Clearly there is nothing in im
perialism to attract and please anything in the
United States except the imagination of a jingo.
THURSDAY MARCH i, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^^
t'CUiaCATIO.> OFKICK.. Market and Third. ». F.
Trlrfkunf Mala IhOH.
EDITORIAL H00M5....21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Tclrphsae Main 1874.
lirllrrrfd *r Carrlrr«. 15 Cent* Per WeeU.
Mnslf Copies, S Cents.
Terra* '•» Mull. Including Poitacei
T»\ll,\ CALL (Inrlarilnc Sunday), one ye«r..f<!.on
l»AII,V CALL (Including- Snndar), O montlii. . S.OO
DAILY CALL <Inoludlnjr Snndar). 3 months.. 1 .Ml
DAILY CALL— Br blngle Month <;."»*•
M MJAY CALL One Year 1 ..'.<»
MXKKLV CALL On* Year l.Oii
All postmaster* are authorised to receive
¦nhscrlptlons.
Sample copies vrlll be forn-arded when requested
O 4 KLA.MJ OFFICE. 1118 Broadway
C. CEOIICi: KROGXESS.
Uanaarer Forelicn Ad-rertlnlns". Marqnette Bnlld
lns*, Chicago.
HEW YORK COKHKSPO?fIJEVri
C. C CJLULTOM... Herald Sannrr
CHICAGO KEWI STANDS I
Sherman Ilonnei P. O. >ews Co.i Great North
ern Hotel j Fremont Honsei Anditorlam Hotel.
SEW YORK NEWS STANDS!
Waldorf-AMoria Hotel* A. Ilrentano, 31 Union
fcqnarei Jlurrrj 11111 Hotel.
JTEW YORK KIiPIIKSEXTATIVEi . .
Jt'UHHY LIKE.V& JR 20 Tribune Ilalldtnir
WASHISGTOX (D. C> OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. V. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
.; .... ..
BRAXCn OFFICES— 62T Montromerr. corner of
Clay, open until O:3O o'clock. SOO Hayea.
«prn until »:34> o'clock. C3O McAllister, open
- until 9:30 o'clock. 1115 Larkln. open nntll
VtSO o'clock. 1!M1 Mission, open -.:atll 11*
¦ o'clock. 2261 Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until ft o'clock. 1090 Valencia, open until &
o'clock. IOU Ele-renth. open until © o'clock.
-NW. corner Trrenty-second and Kentucky,
open until O o'clock.
AN INVASION OF SHEEP.
IT is announced that the drought in Arizona is
causing the expected shipment of thousands of
sheep thence to California. They are to be located
in Ventura, Los Angeles and Kern counties.
While we have no sympathy with John Randolph's
spiteful declaration that he would walk all the way to
\ ermont, barefoot, to kick a sheep, we are impressed
that some change in the methods of sheep ranging is
reeded, or the Western ranges will soon be perma
nently eaten out and their forage destroyed. The
sheep is a producer of aridity. Sheep are the great
est denuders of the land of aJI foliage known among
our domestic animals. The plains and mountains of
Spain are bare and the rivers of that country are al
ternately torrents and dry beds as a result of free
ranging of sheep. The northeastern shore of the
Adriatic was reduced from the finest forest conditions
to a dry and dusty desert by sheep. When the Aus
trian and other Governments concerned in that re
gion began to reforest it they found it necessary to
use soldiers to keep oil the sheep and goats, in whose
presence reforestation was impossible.
The experience of every country where sheep have
been numerous confirms the conclusion that they are
a paddock animal and should not be free rangers.
This is so well understood in Australia, arid and semi
arid, like Western America, that all the sheepwalks
are leased by the Government! which compels the
leaseholder to paddock them, so that the, flocks are.
changed from one paddock to another before. they
have destroyed the forage. In this way the natural
grasses and other food plants are preserved and mad
permanent. ¦ . -, "•..". •• ¦•'.•• .
.Using the sheep as a free commoner in our .arid
regions is the worst possible economy. The invasion
of •California by Arizona sheep ' means -that the
drought in the Territory has been ¦ aggravated by
fchfep grazing, and the' results flow in. upon Southern
.•California to. multiply.. the disasters. arising in.' the
prolonjred drought :t hat Jia«..pre%-ailed south .'of the
TehacHspi. -r' • * ••- ' '*"., ¦/. '¦..•¦•¦ ;' ¦
. .Out of the experience of other countries and : the
rapidly accumulating disaster to pur arid ranges in
this country .issues an impressive lesson. in favor, of
leasing the public domain that is. valuable only .-for
grazing, so- .that the. flockmasters will fence their.
leaseholds,; paddock and protect them,, as; on the
shfcpwalks of Australia.'. The. stockmen of the West
who ar<« showing an. : indif7erence.tq this subject which
threatens to let this session of Congress go by. with
out action would better rouse themselves, for delay
now in all probability means that such action will
never be taken, and that the spoliation will go on
until neither sheep • nor cattle have left' any fresh
range on which they may take refuge, and the whole
prazinsr business, will disappear. ¦'-.'
We. are quite sure that neither the sheep nor cattle
men of California will look amiably upon the inva
f.i'>r! of this woojly. starved and bleating army of de
stroyers from Arizona. Let them see in it not the
passing conditions of an emergency, but what is soon
to be, the permanent status of the whole grazing re
gion,. fed to a «tand«till. from which nothing can
rous-'it aeain. and they will appreciate the wisdom
and ntility of the policy which the Secretary of Agii
cuifure is attempting, for the salvation of the ranges,
by leasing them and compelling the herdsmen and
florkmasters to confine their stock to their own lease
hold". ;¦¦¦:.
Sues an Attorney.
Mary Leilah Kirkham Yarde-Buller filed
suit : yesterday against Attorney E. -H.
Wakeman : for an accounting. Plaintiff
claims that some. time ago Wakeman re
ceived IS9 shares of the: capital stock of
the Bank of California; a large amount of
money and. other -property from her and
. Since some of the worthy members of the Board
of Supervisors favor a re-establishment of the pool
rooms it: is natural that they should also" favor shut
ting 'off the street lights. Somebody must pay, for
the existence of. the gambling dens,; and. the. money
can be secured better, in the dark than in the light
Rev. B. Fay Mills to Lecture.
• Rev. Benjamin Fay ', Mills will deliver
a free lecture: this evening at: the "Acad
emy, of Sciences Hall; 819 Market street.
Subject: "The Social Problem and Pro
gramme.": ..¦." -,-:¦. .; • .-.:¦¦ , ;.,r;
The resignation with which Califomians accept the
irevitable is worthy of the highest praise. Now we
nof' only have President David Starr Jordan out of
the" State.: but President Benjamin Ide Wheeler has
gone from usV. and things move as quietly and as
easily as ever before.
."•<-;.«. •..„•.¦.¦¦/:¦ — — . - \. • ¦ .-. .
/.If. one cannot -indorse the judgment of the people
of ' Los Angeles he certainly can admire their
audacity] After inflicting a Gage upon the State they
b?ve to pray for rain.
' As a "silent- partner" in yellow journalism Mayor
Phelan is not a spectacular success. And he is a strict
censojytocO in respecting the ethics of secret sessions.
Veronica C. Baird's Account.
The account filed by Mrs. Veronica C.
Baird in the "matter of the guardianship
of her children was approved by Judge
Coffey. yesterday, all of the children sign-
Ing the document and attesting to its cor
rectness. Mrs. Baird and her daughter,
Mrs. Marie V. Baldwin, between whom
there has been considerable litigation of
late, came Into court together and chatted
pleasantly during the proceedings; thereby
confirming the rumor that* relations were
again amicable in the Balrd household.- ;
CITY HALL ELEVATOR
SERVICE DISCONTINUED
Board of Public Works Adopts Super
* intendent Barnett's Recommeu
v datlon for Economy.
The Board •of i Publlo Works yesterday
decided on the recommendation of Super
intendent of Publlo Buildings Barnett to
shut. down the elevators in the City Hall
as a measure of economy.. Four men con
sequently lost their positions last evening
and will remain out; during March,. April,
May and June, when the service will be
renewed. The following are the employes
affected; Engineer John W. Syraon, $100
per' month; Fireman Thomas P. O'Neill,
iSO ' per month ; Elevatormen J. B. Haw
thorne and I. R. McLean, $104 per month;
relief ' elevatorman, $10. In addition to
these salaries the sum of $315 90 is expend
ed for ; coal each month, thus effecting a
total saving of $609 90. ¦¦'¦- .
Army street, from Valencia , street to
San Jose avenue, was accepted.
The Fastest Train : Across tha Con-
tlnent.
: Th« = 'Callfornl» Limited, Santa J"» Route.
Connecting; trains leave at I p. m. Monday.
Wednesday. " Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any line to
the East.. Ticket office. 623 Market street.
SAVING THE TREES.
THERE is now no doubt that Congress will act
on the lines suggested by The Call for. 'the
preservation of the Calaveras big trees. The
resolution of Mr. de Vries is unanimously favored by
the House Committee on Public Lands, and the re
port of that' committee suffices to give it an impetus
that will impress both branches of Congress.
Too much credit cannot be ascribed to the ladies of
the California Club for their remarkable intelligence
and energy in planning this campaign and pushing it
to a successful conclusion. The result indicates that
the club is a force that must be reckoned with in the
consideration of large public questions ' related to
economics and civics in this city and State.
The next step, after the big trees are saved, should
be the extension of.the mountain forest reservation so
as to include this- grove. Dropping the existing
reservation down about four townships will accom
plish this, and will not only merge the big trees in a
Federal' reservation but will protect- an-interesting and
valuable .forest tract from spoliation t by fire. This
tract is now covered by yellow and sugar pine forest,
with. much fir, cedar and other .timber. ; ;'.
'.The .private owners of. timber- land need not object
to the- present sequestration .of more forest It in
flicts no harm on them and brings', in' sight a profit
to them to arise from to) carefully, lumbering their
forests as to preserve the oncoming crop of timber
and give permanent value, to their property. Then,
too, when the Federal Government has completed its
policy of reservation, it must enter upon an intelli
gent system of. preservation by scientific forestry. . A
necessary part of such system is the harvesting of all
trees that are ripe, for the saw and the preservation
for the future saw of the growing crop.
Owners of sugar and yellow pine tracts know by
experience that a percentage of the timber is found
to be overripe; it has passed the period at which it
should have been felled, and after the cost of cutting
it is found to be useless for lumber. Nature in this
way indicates as clearly the ripening of trees as she
does that of grain or fruit. Therefore those who
make and those who use lumber should be made to
understand that scientific forestry does riot mean the
prohibition of the use of timber when it is in its best
condition for conversion to, the needs of man, but di
rectly requires such use,- and 'provides for a perma
nent: supply by treating the forests as a constantly
growing crop. /
To destroy all future crops in the ' harvesting of
one is as wasteful and foolish as it would be for an
orchardist in. the Santa .Clara Valley to chop down
all his prune trees for the sake of getting this year's
crop off them conveniently. i ,
These simple principles of .forestry.- should be kept
in mind, and there will.be nowhere any opposition: to
forest reservations, nor to their proper administration
which will secure their permanence. ¦'
"What, singing so early in the morn-
ing!" exclaimed the boarding-house land-
lady, aa she encountered Mr. Warbles In
the hall. "Don't you - know it's unlucky
to sing before breakfast?" "Perhaps It
is," replied Mr. W., "but somehow I never
feel like singing alter : breakfast."— Chi-
cago News. . ,* -:
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Cal. clace fruit EOc per n> at. Townsend*«.»
' Not© 81 Fourth St.. nr. 6c barber, »^ocer,
best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c *
AUCTION RAT.TTi,
By C. P. Trey— This day at 1 o'olock. Oriental Rugs, at
125 Stockton street.
By Huston, Eldridce & Co.— Tuesday. March 6, at U o'clock.
R»al Estate, at CSS Market street.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. Hi Cleary. » mine owner, of Stockton,
is at the Lick., . . )'• .};'¦':¦
Colonel F. W. Brooks of Tnma, Arlx., is
a guest at the Palace. •;' -.V .
: H. Lindsey, a Fresno Tlneyardlst,. Is, at.
the Lick for. a. few days. ' . ; •
Captain F. W. Latlmer. U. S. JL', is. reg
istered at the ; Occidental. ; :
Baron yon Eyb is registered at the Pal
ace from Washington, D. C.
"W. H. Cunningham, a mining man of
Salt Lake City,. ls a guest at the Palace.
John Thorman, a wealthy vineyardist. Is
at the Grand from his home In St. Helena.
John L. Hudden, District Attorney of
San Benito County, is a guest at the Lick.
W. A. Ward." a mine owner of Victoria,
B. C, is at the Palace, accompanied by
his wife. * : V-,
'State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. Is reg
istered at the Palace from his home In
San Juan. '-.;•
Sam Tyack, a wealthy mining: man of
Bodle, ia one of. yesterday's' arrivals at
the Lick. V ?
Charles C. Berby, superintendent of the
New.. Almaden quicksilver mines, is a
guest at the Occidental. , ;
William McKlnley, a well-known mine
superintendent of Xevada City, 13 regis
tered for a short stay at the. Lick.
Judge R. H. McNoble of Stockton has
been in the city for a couple of days at
tending to cases In the Federal courts." "
"Keep Right on Studying, Boys ; Don't iJVlind the Noise Outside."
•. •¦ .•?.,.¦¦*•'¦¦ l{ ' *> T/' r ''- '¦' •¦•?¦ —The Detroit New*.
Umatllla, Union. Wallowa and Wasco
counties. Thirty-one counties In all, six
teen in the first and fifteen In the second
district.. .;¦ ?,.-,- .-.
TEN ; HUMOROUS BOOKS-Q. R;
Twantoi), Wyo. What ar» the ten moat
humorous books In the Engrllsh language
ia difficult to Bay, as humor Is a matter
of taste. The question has been robmltted
to a number of persons well up In English
literature and while many have named
the. same works no two have agreed on
the same ten * books. If you want ten
books to make you laugh you may get all
the laugh you want by reading the fol
lowing: "Innocents Abroad t>y Mark
Twain: "Rudder Grange," Frank Otock
ton; '.'Vice Versa," F. Anstey; "MyOpln
lon and Betsey Bobbin's, M. Holley;
"Lectures," Artemas "Ward; "Peeps at
People or M. Bonaparte of Corsica," J.
K. Bangs; "Hawk Eyes and Lectures,"
Bob Burdette; "Three Men In a Boat,"
J. K. Jerome: "David Harum," E. N.
Westcott;: also "American Humorous
Verse," .by J. Barr; "Ballads From
Punch," by "W. St. Leger; "Handy Andy,"
by Lover. .- ; - -: .-, t i » . .
THE MYSTERY OF MODDER RIVER.
IT is natural that joy in England should be rather
hysterical. The surrender of Cronje in Modder
River bed is the first success of British arms in
South Africa that afforded opportunity for reaction
from the gloom that fell with the successive defeats
of White, Gatacre and Buller.
Now that the tragedy is ended it is merged in a
mystery. According to British authority Lord
Roberts, with a force of 45,000 men and one hundred
of the best modern cannon, has received the surren
der, after ten days' pursuit and battle and bombard
ment, of a scant 4000 Boer patriots, and less than a
dozen indifferent cannon! A victory is a victory, t<y
be sure. Lord Roberts appreciated the bumptious
opportunity that it offered for an appeal to the long
brooding spirit of revenge when he added to his dis
patch announcing that with a force of more than ten
British- soldiers to one Boer,. and ten cannon to one
third rate Boer gun, he had avenged -Majuba Hill.
The Boer reputation for steadfast fighting and brave
defense will not suffer by such boasting. The mili
tary world is asking how long will it take to com
plete the assassination Chamberlain has planned, if it
take ten British soldiers, ten days, with one hundred
fine cannons, to capture one Boer soldier with ten
poor guns?- ¦ ¦ V*- ; ". : '• •V.':
While the fight was on and Cronje stood at bay,
grimly defending the weakest position on the whole
line;between Kimberley and ißloemfontein, an enor
mous overestimate of his force and the casualties it was
suffering was made public by the British commander.
Now that concealment is no longer possible the
startling fact appears that Cronje had only one man
to ten and one gun to ten, that his losses were insig
nificant, that he held his ground until some military
purpose, that is yet a myitery, was served, and then
surrendered his little force and supplied the British
commander an opportunity to send a flamboyant dis
patch and Cecil Rhodes to disclose the sordid motive
for the assassination of the two republics.
And still the military world is asking if one Boer
hold out ten days against ten British soldiers, in the
least defensible position, how Jong will it take to
complete the conquest?
There is hardly a parallel in the history of cam
paigns to the address and endurance, the courage and
spirit, of Cronje and his men. His retreat from Kim
berley was begun with ox teams. The pursuit was
with cavalry and mounted. infantry and the best horse
trains. Yet his rearguard held back 45,000 men until
he had covered more than half the distance to Bloem
fontein, and when he was brought to bay at last the
pursuit was checked until he built such defenses that
the fire of a hundred cannon, incessantly maintained
day and night, caused but little damage. Its sole
military utility to the British was that it prevented a
further uncovered movement forward. While he
sheltered his force from British shells Lord Roberts*
force kept well away from range of the rifles in the
hands of the Boer sharpshooters, and made no ap
proach to the Modder bed except in the burrows
bored by the sappers and miners. Had Roberts
ordered an open field assault there would have been
left alive more than one Boer to ten British^
It was a gallant defense. The Boer General was
cut off from communication, from all source of sup
plies; his food and ammunition were of necessity in
short supply. His stand was made in the river bed,
with a wild country around on either bank. There
is no evidence that he expected succor or reinforce
ments, or that his rescue by such means was any part
of the Boer plan of campaign. Examined externally,
and in lack of any knowledge from the inside, the
military, value of his brave adventure seems to have
been the luring to the pursuit of his ox-drawn train
of Roberts' 45,000 men and 100 guns, in order 'to
leave Buller to. cross and recross the Tugela, advance
and retreat, without help from his chief. In other
words, it resembled the brave sacrifice of the" few
Boer soldiers in one of the earliest actions of this
war, who stood in the open and faced; the fire of
twenty times their number that the main body of their"
comrades might have time to change and-better their
position. ° -!'."-¦"" °
History walks behind all human actions, in the path
of all armies and in the smoke and blood of o all bat
tles, making impartial record of what men do. She
will not disarrange her page with the frantic exulta
tion that rages in London. But she will illuminate it
with the story of the brave old commander, under the
flag of a republic, who withstood manfully more than
ten times his force in men and guns while his country
men and their allies- gained time to perfect plans for
the- more perfect defense of their, freedom and their
firesides." ¦•/¦ . ' • -•".- : - * -
THE SAX FKAy OJSCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1900.
unite and put forward a candidate of their own. A'
Pacific Coast candidate for the Vice Presidency would
materially strengthen the ticket, and -would; more'
over, be in line with that unwritten law of our poli
tics- which I from .foundation of the republic has
conceded the Vice Presidency to that section of the
Union from which the President was not chosen. -
AMUSEIfIiENTS.
California/— "Mrs. Quinn's Twins." ¦'¦ '.--¦.
livoll— "Tbe Idol 1 . Eye." ¦ • ¦¦¦' ' :..*
Ortb«>uni — VaudrrUle.
Grand ODera-hous^-"AUddln Jr."
CsJlfcrala^-Operatle eonewts. Tae*&Mf afternoon, Merch (.
A'^azar— "The New Bouth."
Columbla^ <> The Old Homestead."
Chute*. Zoo «r.i Theater— Vaudevllla erery afternoon and
•venlcc.
Olympls, corner of Mason and Eddy «tre«ts— SpeclalUes.
Fhenr.an-Clay Hall— Piano recitals. Monday momlnjr. Mar. 5
Mechanics" Pavilion— Trained Animal Show. Saturday.
Xlarch J. :•••:•¦
Oakland Race Track — Races.
6
Index.
: • . • 1 ~ '• ¦•¦.•¦. T^ .¦¦ . I •• 1 Betting.
ndex. How. "WelghMSt. Urn. Km..-%m: ' Str. Fin. [ Jockey.- |Op. d.
S2O Tekla 104:2 .. 22.22 26 . 13 14. Henry .'- ~. 8 7
533 Coming: Event: 102.3 . 12 12. 11 '21-. 3 M ', T.Walsh..:... ?4 8
819 Aborigine ...: 109 1- 4 1 • 5 1 .. 3 H II ¦¦¦Z% •E. Jones.: 1 4 8
730 Burdock ...:. 112 4 • 6H ?4 1 6 1 4 2.43 Pißgott ...;... v 6 8
846 Formatus 10« 6 .3 1 .- = 3 1% • 42-6*4 8 1 Bullman ..;... .4213-10
SOS Sam Dannenbaum..lW 6 «4 .6 6 610 .85 (I Jenkins i..i... -3 5
460 Bohardlne IPS 7 ; ¦ 7 ¦:7.. .7 - >!' "• T E. R0t5.....:.. 60 60
Horse.
Index, Horse. Age. Welght.|gt. ¦ Km. ';.;
... Twlnkler, 5.. .:.... ..121 T -.62
¦.535U1m,4 ;,..«....10« 8 . • 9 10'
: 745' Ace, a......'. .111 5 . 3h .
.745 B« Happy. 8.. ...;... 119 9 . JV-
¦ 825 Uterp, 4...... MM 6 ••. 5 1
, 852 Croker. 4: 116 1 . 11 ..
TSS .H0hen10hei "5....i...124 10 .: 8 H
836 Musculado, a.;. 121.4 . 2h. ¦;
821 Scintillate.- 5..-.; 119 3 4H
725 Adam Andrew. 8....1H 2 .10
• \i~h-
6 h
9 15
8 1
6h.
. l.h '••
4 1 .
•• 3 h
' 7« .
10
ttm.
:\m. .
4 h
' 8.».-. •
' -;6 IV.
. «3 ;
mm
• 82 ¦ ;.
. 9 2 .-;,
10
\m.
. Str.
Str.
Fin. 1 Jockey. ' |Op.
1H JShaw :.:.>¦....[ f~
2%: T. Wa15h...... . S
. 8 1 Devln- 5
. 4 1 Ruiz :........; -7.:
¦ B M • ' BasMnger .... 6••
61. E. Ross ' "••¦s '
• 7 2-. nullmarr. ..'.... -6
. 8 5 Henry.. : 12
9 i Spencer ...V... 10
10 PigKOtt : 12
Fin,
Jockey. |Op, . Cl.
CT.
8-5
7-2
. 10
: 10
••¦ «
'. 10
' 10
30
20
40
Index.
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.
844 Combermere ..107 3-
(743) I^iura Marie 11l 2
738 Rollick .....10* 5 .
833 Countess C1ara.. '....102 6
526 On Time...; 104 1
696 Gladla 108 7
... Loneliness "1 8
833 Cushion ......'......¦.108 9 •
732 Tiollta , 9S 4 .
533 Screenwell Lake. ...106 10
Horse.
Km.
Mm.
%m.
ttm.
¦Km.
13 ,
,««
¦.5 H .
6h.
• 4 2
; ' s 4
9 2
. 7 h
2 h
10 : -
"Jim.
Str.
Str.
Fin.. | Jockeys. ¦ |Op" ciT
1 1 Ppencer ... 3" 4
2 5 Jenkins.-. 7-5-6-6
32 Bulhnan .; 2 5-2
4 4 I. P0we11.;.... 10 30
"¦ .6 h Henry ......... 10 30
( H K. Jones...-,... 30 100
7V4 Ruiz 20 100
81- E. Rom 30. 10i)
9 3 T. Walsh 15 SO
'10 W. N'ash .;..-.. 10 3Q
Fin.
Jockeys.
Cl.
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. ¦ Km. • %m.
837 Dr. Sheppard. 6....114 2 14 .18
... Arbaces. 5 112 6 712 • « 2
(7W Erwin. 3 :. « 1 : 32 3 1
CS7 Ventoro, 4 ....107 3 2 2 2 2
(543) Fofmero. 4 109 7 . «Mr 6 1
76S David Tenny, 6 114 6 4h 4h
721 Lothian. 4 ....106 4 6 h 7 12
684 Forte. 6 :..... -HI 3 S 8
%m. Btr. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
14 11 1 1 .T. Weish...... 3 11-5
6 4 42 2n Plggott' 5 12
.21 2 M 34 Phelan 4- 8
3 2 3 2 '4 1 Spencer ;. 3 ?-*
8 16- 5H ' Henry ?...•.... S 12
4 2 6h 8 5 -Thorpe" J- j-2
7 12 -76 73 : Jenkins -.. g io
8 8 ¦ . ' i Bull man 12 f>o
ndex Hor»*. Age. Weight. |3t.
$46 Socialist. 4 ...116 3
527 Castake. 5 116 * ':¦
742 Twinkle Twink. 6.. 109 5
722 Tirade, 4 ....114 6.
834 Alleviate. 6 .........109 7
744 Allenna, 3 ....:..... 96 2
812 Bishop Reed. 6......U9 1
787 Vinetora.~4 ......... 99 S
2 h
6 8
7 6
4 H
:6: 6 Vi
I.H
Hm. 14m. Str. Fin. [^ Jockeys. |Op. ci.
lh. 12 13 13 Spencer ;. 3-2 11-5
3h -2 b 31 2 3 -Jenkln*.... 6 •¦ 12
1 .7 10 S3 * 8 H •„¦.•» X Henry .10 20
4h 4 1 41 4 8 Ruiz : 5. i
5H 3H 6 2 B 2 Bullman 3 5-2
. '6 4 , 6 1 . « 2 6 6 Buchanan, 8. g
2h'715:75 72 Pigsott ;....;.' 5 15
8 8 ' I ,8 Phelan ........ 15 '¦ 40
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. | St.
835 Frank Bell. 4 116" 4
(746) Andrtßa.3 .. ........ 110 6
(535) Loving Cup. 6....... 116 5
471 Mamie O, a. &> 2
835 Headwater. 4 .......10? 10
821 Ben Ledt. 4 ........108 1
535 Ollnthus. 4 108 3
721 The Fretter.,4 105 S
771 Afamada, 6 ...... ...110 7
674 Deoov, 3 .:.......... 9» 9
Km.
%m.
1 1
3 1
. 6 h
54 h ,
7 1
111 1 m
: 6h
S h
o 9 H
10
%m.
%m.
IS
8 1
4 n
r 5 h
! « n
2 h
7 1
8 h :
9 H
10
%m.
¦ Str. ¦
13
r >>
4 H
° 75i '
-84
3 1
< 1
mt 2- .
9 2
10
Str
Fin. I Jockey*. •- |(
It I PlKfrott .......
- S %" Spencer'
3 2- Henry .........
i 4 h • toftue ....".....
6 1 Jenkins
« 4 E. Ross
7 h T. Wa15h......
8 1 J. Martin......
9 3 Bullman
10 > Ranch .....:..
Fin.
Jockey*.
I Op.
lOp^ Cl.
16-6 11-:
8-5 • 6-1
6 1(
60 10
. 8' IS-:
IS »
«.. i:
i: i:
6 ;
Cl.Petition of Master Horseshoers.
The Master Horseahoers* Protective As
sociation yeaterday • petitioned /the ; Board
of Supervisors to ¦ confine the i shoeing of
hones under Its control to the members
of the association/ which represents 95 per
cent of the master horseshoers of the city.'
ADVEBTISEMENTH.
AMUSEMENTS.
Mayor Arrested.
TACOMA. Feb. 28.— George H. Mayor,
who .has victimized many persons from
San Francisco to Victoria by means of
bogus draftß drawn on his father. H. N.
Mayor of San Francisco, was arrested to
day and admits his guilt. *
i
I
1 m
Parlor IPiareatiLiree
PARLOR SUITS — ODD
PARLOR PIECES --Latest
styles and desljtrns: '. • ':
;':, 4.25 for $6.75 -. :•:/¦:.
: . : corner chairs.
•':• 7. 18 for $13.75 ¦;;:¦;. -f: -.
parlor divan. .'..:.. :
$18.75 for $26.00 . 3-picce parlor
suit. . ! " •¦:''':.¦•:• -. : :•¦• ;..¦¦¦: ...¦•¦' '•::
•¦ WMUmMff PARLOR AND DINING-
&P^IrW>I .ROOM. .TABLES - Two im-
,-. PM*L,M j^-;^tf.- mense carloads-H-furniture .purr
; .N I^{y^Q chased at 50c on the dollar '¦••'
-:¦¦: Av^f^cJj^Jf ¦¦'¦¦:; . .1.25. f or $2,25 :: r v :;.;: ; /
¦ //v^ b^rsrroi ;¦ ?6oJ .c. e • •
¦ ; s^^ ; ?^W^^ 4.25 ior $6.75' .
:f £Z& ••:.: parlor table. - ". ¦ •
i;;:;^.g^^3^r- . 6.75 for $8.75 ¦ - . "•
¦ : -.":, •' v .. ¦¦¦¦.:. ••• - : ¦=¦.'¦:•-¦ library table. '. •¦ .
?g.rs for 514.00 dining table; / : .'..: ¦'/.¦:¦¦ .- v ¦";;' .
• COUCHES — Covered in shade desired-^-best and latest
desipnsarid shapes.-/ : ¦•.. :-:.':.V. :::, : . '¦/.:¦:. •::¦.-...• : "
;V;7.75:; V;7.75: [prsii.sP : -V^ ::-:v :JI: JI 0,50 f Pr $15:00': ¦ ;; - : :
¦:S •; : ; ;oox. couches. ¦;. ¦¦¦ .. : . fancy couches, a:^
5i5-75 for $23.00 all-hair couches. ' •; -" : v " \ ;:.; ;-
BrasisaM Meter Beds;
BEAUTIFUL v WHI TE ENAMEL BEDS.
;"'-;; "'- ; ¦¦¦¦• '.'. : A "•-*-• I at « 'lac-. •>¦''¦ ' ;'; '- '\
?DC™" i '¦ "" a mings— " ..';:.'••'. : '.
. ,v ... ' ':".•¦¦•.: ¦''¦??: '¦.'¦'¦Vr I'- : ' : " : '-. '¦ cpmbina-- ? . •'
tidn cotton mattress— a most substantial and
sightly outfit— full sized bed, re??- 1 V"AA
ularly sold at $20— Monday a lim- I O'H'i/
ited number, at... ..;;. .....;. ; ¦¦ .- . .
Brass beds with massive two-inch pillars and
elaborate ornamentations, finest, quality of mate-
rials and construction, with Turkish box sorink
and 40-pound pure hair mattress of our own
manufacture— regularly sold .at A '/p\ '¦*=?&
$00.00 —Monday a limited, num-' ZLvU/a /£)
hrr'nt' " ¦ ¦• '¦'¦ ¦'¦¦ •'• • :: •-." •-^
':,- For tan. freckles and .blackheads Anyvo
Theatrical Cold Cream has no equal. *
[I >PATENTSf -fl
\SS/33OM^KETSLSTXS-^
SPECIAL ROUNDTBIP TICKETS TO
PASO ROBLESjfe
Uost noted Mineral Springs In United State*.
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism. Blood, Ltver.
Kidney. Stomach and other. disorders. Apply
FRAICK W. ELY. City Acent. M Market at.
WINTER RESORT.
WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year*
RACING ! RACING 1 RACING!
1900-OALirORNIA JOCKEY CLtJB-1900
February 26 to March 10, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racine Monday. Tuesday.. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five. or more races each day. -. '
Races start at 2:16 p. m. sharp. :
Ferry-boats leave San Francisoo at « m. and
12:30, 1. 1:80." 2, 2:SO and 8 p. m., connecting
with trains stopptns; at the entrance to the
track. Latt two car* on train reserved for la-
dles and their escorts; no smoking-. , Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. . All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electrlo cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. - Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These . electrlo cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes. .:¦ •:
Returning-— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:46 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAB H. WILLIAMS JR.; President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
TEACHERS SIGN RELEASE
OF UNION TRUST FUNDS
Those Who Do Not Will B« CSted to
" Appear in Court.' 3 ., : '/.;
;•' The teachers of the public school do
partment have almost unanimously agrre?d
to sign. : the release to the l Union -Trent
Company of the funds being held. to mret
the Joint demands of /teachers and-mer
chants against the city. Out of 1100 teach
ers, 1000 have signed, and the remainder
will probably sign to - avoid citation In
court.' .The schools not heard from so far
are the Bergerot Primary, Rlchmon-l
Primary. - Rlncon . Grammar and Washing
ton ' evening. Those who sign will prob
ably receive a proportion of $1500 to bo
distributed Immediately. • To avoid bein*
summoned into court any who desire to
sign th« release may do so before Monday
afi: dd F. Bartlett's office, 530 California
street. ' . • •> °
The unanimity, of the" teachers will re
lease $24,824 held by c the Union Trust Com
pany.
"HOOT \fM, Ire Captared Them, Sore !"
53rd TIME TO-NIGHT % -:
Of the Reeord-BrtaJdnir Oomlc Opera, • . ¦
Evenlr.«iat «. Saturday Matine« : at 2. =
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
TELEPHONE— Buih 9.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
NOBRIS & ROWE'S BIG TRAINED
ANIMAL SHOWS. ;
its days- — ~_i«5 : : :
Commencing SATURDAY. March 3d.
PERFORMANCES 2:30 and BPM DAILY
ILLUMINATED STREET PARADE-
. FRIDAY NIGHT.
300-PERFORMING. ANIMALS-300
YOU NEVER SAW ANYTHING- QUITE 8O
. ; GOOD. . '. '..¦•;..
Don't miss the parade; you'll be sorry If you do
SEE THE ZEBRA DRIVEN IN THE PAKADE
PRICES— Adults. 25c; Children. 10c •
ALCAZAR^THEATER.
•^SJTOr ¦'¦"-'¦'¦¦¦ AStoryV
' : i :INIGHT« To-day.
¦• G \.. A DRAMATIC TRIUMPH. -"/;'
By Glay M. Grrene and Joseph R. Grlsmer,
TheNEWSOUTH
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
•¦?£, The Sensational Farce.
"NE\/lßFi* AGAIN."
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stage
'-.'¦' of the Disease.
Cares Cases That Hot Springs and
. All Other Treatments Failed
,•; ? "., to Even Help.-
. There has been discovered by the State
Medical. lnstitute. 20S Elektron bnlldinr. Fort
.Wayne. Ind.. th* most remarkable Blood Poison
cure ever heard of."* lt has cured all such In-
dications as mucous patches la the mouth.
•or« .throat, copper colored spots, chancres.
ulceratlons on the body and In hundred* of
cases ; where the hair and eyebrows had fallen
out and the whole skin wait a mass of boils,
pimples and' ulcers this wonderful speciflo has
completely chanced the whole body- Into a
clean, perfect condition of physical: health.
Erery railroad running Into Fort Wayne brings
scores of sufferers seeking this new and marvel-
ous cure and to enable those who cannot travel
to realize what a truly marvelous work the In-
stitute Is accomplishing they will send free to
every sufferer a free trial treatment so that
every one can cure themselves la the privacy
of their own home. This ls the only known
core for Blood Poison. Do not hesitate to
write at one* and the free trial will be Mat
sealed la plain sackac*.
CHDTESjND ZOO.
EVERY. AFTERNOON AND' EVENING.
TO-NIGHT—:
TBE LADY COOPERS AND
AMATEUR SPECIALTY SHOW!
Saturday Night, Cakewalk Contest !
Black Bartons vs. Stewarts.
Reserve seats by phone. Park 23.
NATIONAL MILITARY COLLEGE.
Memorial to Soldiers to Be Erected
by Sons of Veterans.
The several camps of the Sons of Vet
erans, U. S. A., In California are now en
gaged In a practical work of patriotism,
the "greatest e*ver undertaken by; the or
der. For a number of years It has been
practically assured that this order would
found a National Military College as a
memorial to the soldiers of the Union
army in the Civil War and the brave
women of war times. The work was de
layed by the Spanish-American. war, but
now that the • volunteers have returned
the work which was. commenced prior to
that war has been taken up again with
renewed vigor;- •¦ _ ¦ ', „
¦ The members of Fair Oaks Camp of
this city arid. of. the other camps In the
different parts of the State are waiting
upon patriotic citizens to obtain their aid
in this work. In a general way this col
lege is to be like other first-class colleges,
having the usual courses and admitting
students of both sexes. Civics and pa
triotism will' be .to the new college what
creed is to denominational colleges. The
location .-; for • the * college will *be chosen
at the next annual meeting of the com
mandery-ln-chief, which will ¦be held this
year in Syracuse, N.Y; . ¦ .-.-.--.
• The • committee having this matter. in
charge and representing the national
body ls composed of the following: A. Iv
Sortor Jr., Mason. Iowa; George E.- Cox.
Hartford, Conn.; William T. Church, Chi
cago, 111.: H. E. Cowdin, Rockford, Mich.,
and W. A.. Morris, Rpdflelrl.S.D..-
A COMEDY BILL OF UN-
v;;: USUAL MERITw
FRANKS TRIO, TROVOLIO..PASSP ARTS,
PAULINE MOHAN and -her Pickaninnies,
KATJHRTN OSTERMAN. AND-.. COMPANY.
• " CUSHMAN, • HOLCOMBE I AND .' CURTIS,
: HARRIS' AND FIELDS, DE WITT AND
BUR^S, • AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.' ; ." . .;,
• Reserved seats, 25c:'-.' balcony, • 10c; opera
chairs'; iiod box seats. 60c.- .'•-•. .. • ¦ ¦-.-.
Matliteea Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. .
grand Opera-house
TELEPHOXE MAIN 6SJ.
FOURTH AND LAST WEEK OF
ALADDIN JR.
Immense Success of the New. York D»:
¦•. .- '. Bcriptive Slnrer,' ¦¦"
EDWARD B ADAMS,
¦ . And Our Fourth Edition. ¦ '
. NEXT WEEK— "A GIRL, FROM PARIS" ¦
.- . USUAL. POPULAR PRICES
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra. Saturday
Matinee . »c. . • • *
. Branch Ticket Of nee— Emporium. '
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
Corner Mission and Sixteenth Streets.
ALL THIS and NEXT WEEK
M A TISEE, B ATUEDAT. • • '?
DENMAN THOMPSON
Presentlrx His Orlrlnal • Creatton ' of .
UXCLE JOSH In .'; .. !•'. • ."
THE Om HOMESTEAD.
CF ATC >'OW SELtINC (or .)• I
v>LHI O Ucmninin6.ll Performancea
Wm. Gillette's "Because She Lotted Him So."
Opei;,,; : -
Ssiorday EiEnlngs
Until 10 O'Ciock.
Open V
Saturday Evenings
Until 10 O'Clock.
ELEGANT CREATION IN A
Z - PIECE PARLOR SUIT, a
decorated mahogany polished
frame — first-class workmanship-
covered in silk damask or ' velour.
The suit is composed of a large re-
ception chair, arm chair fr-tn rti
and sofa, and all we ask \\ I Sll
for this suit i 5.......... Vl || VV
• BEAUTIFUL PRO-
DUCTION in a Dress-
ing Case for your bed-
room, lines are very .ar-
tistic, has; large oval
French. ;->bevel mirror,
swell front drawers, and
made in: golden oak; or
ma hogany, /t»| 1 mjm
Ope n i ng \\A. I*\
Sale Price... V l *' l^
MAGGIE MOORE'S
IRISH COMEDY
WHEN in the course of theatrical
events there comes a ray of sun
shine in the form of a good,
wholesome, honest, modest com
edy we may be thankful for the small
fgLvor * * "~ r J ' ' * '"
Of such are the first two acts of Maggie
Moore's Irish farce. "Mrs. Quinn s
Twins " It is not dazzling, but there is
something very refreshing In the atmo
sphere of those Irish yesterdays that
Boucicault used to serve us in his com-r
edies and of which we now get so little.
This being true. Maggie Moore's reap
pearance last night was not a disappoint
ment, except to her. perhaps, for . the
house was not what it should have been.
It was a mistake to open with "The fai
lence of Dean Maltland ", in which she did
not appear and in which the company, in
cluding Mr. Roberts, was variously defi
cient But to err is managerial, and I can
do no more than say that a very poor
show has been succeeded by a very good
°The third act .of "Mrs: Quinn's Twins"
is weak or worse, and would be bettered
by the omission of -a lot of mediocre spe
cialties. And If Miss Moore, did not sing
one's enjoyment, would not suffer. Her
acting is capital, and her characterizatiori
is sound and. sincere; -It is. never broad
and always humorous:" I do not know or
a woman on the stage who can do an Irish
character in the ¦ same straightforward*
natural way without exaggeration or vul
garity. • -.--.-'•
• A failure is a serious handicap and Mr.
Roberts has that to contend with. He was
negligible as the cleric in "The Silence of
Dean Maltlaod," but as an Irish lad .with
honesty in his heart and wit on his tongue
he is something of a revelation. In the
part of a schoolmaster he is humorous
and intelligent 'and his • acting is well
poised, reserved and effective. His dance
with Maggie Moore is one of the pleas
ant episodes of the play and goes a great
way to make one forget his meretricious^
Maltland. -. .•-'¦• ; ,' . ' , ° ; .
' The company redeems itself In the male
department, Mr. Ward doing particularly
good work as Qulnn, the -fiddler, and Mr.;
Cochrane, separated j from his " impossible;
Sydney-made clothes, is in good charac
ter as Sou ire O'Donnell. • • , ¦
"Mrs. Quinn's Twins" Is not a preten
tious comedy, but It has a quality that
reaches out over the footlights and keeps
one pleasantly Interested. I found it quite
enjoyable, children and nil. :¦ , • .
J * PORTER GARNETT.
MIDWEEK NOTES
AT THE THEATERS
ppHE Old Homestead," with Denman
I Thompson/ in the role of "Uncla
.|[ Josh;" la having, its customary «uc
• , cess at the Columbia. It will be con
tinued for one more week.
After Maggie Moore and R. H. Roberta
the ¦ California Theater will present , "In
Darkest Russia." a' melodrama, beginning
Sunday afternoon. .
"The New. South" is the bill at the Al
cazar. It-wiU-.be changed next week to
"Never Again." an hilarious farce from
the French.*
"Aladdin Jr." is In Its last week at tha
Grand.- Next Monday will be the first
night of Rice's "Ths Girl From Paris."
It is impossible to say when "The Idol's
Eye" will be withdrawn from the Tivoll.
It will enter its eighth week next Monday
night. ¦•-•
The Orpheum is doing its usual big busi
ness. . Some' excellent attractions ar»
promised for the coming week.
. There will be a symphony concert at
the Grand Opera-house this afternoon, at
3:15 o'clock.- The orchestra under Henry
Holmes will play":".
Overture," "Finßkrs Cay^' Mendelssohn
Symphony in C. op. SI Schumann
Symphonic poem. "Dans« Macabr*"..
', :.:.... B*lnt-B*en»
•Overture. "Oberon", .-..» ......W«b«r
"The : series of concerts to be given next
week at the California Theater are at
tracting great attention. Mme.* Gadskl
and Messrs. Damrosch and Bispham will
be assisted by Herr Anton Schott. • Mr.
Damrosch"s lectures with illustrations on
the piano will .take place at 11 a. m. at
Sherman & Clay Hall. The first lecture
will be on Monday and the first vocal re
cital at the California- Theater will taks
place Tuesday afternoon at 8:15. Seats
will be on sale to-day at Sherman, Clay A
Co.'s store tp-day. J
.. ; THE POPULAR FAVORITE,'
MAGGIE MOORE,
MAKES AN M OLD«TIME" HIT
In the Famous Musical Irish Comedy, '
MRS. QUINN'S TWINS.
. DXCRUCIATIXGLT FUNNY 1 1.'
. .¦¦¦¦ 4; - SUPERB MUSIC! : -.
V • CLEVER SPECIALTIES!
V ON FOR THE REST OF THE WEEK.
•Sunday Afternoon — A Powerful Production of
"DARKEST RUSSIA," the Great Play ; of the
Czar's Realm. . .' •. , : i ; ..'. :
AMXJSEICENTS.
Aged Woman Found Dead.
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
WOODLAND, Febl 28.— Mrs. Ann Green.
90 years of age and a native of ..England,
was found dead in. a cabin near Cachevilla
Tuesday evening. .The deceased has lived
a lonely life for many, years, -A physician
testified that she died of ¦ hypertrophy. •
Street Opening Decision.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 28.— An . Important
decision, affecting • street, opening and
widening. was received from the State Su
preme Court by the City Attorney to-day.
The court, sitting en bane, has decided
that street openings should be done under
the city charter and not -in- accord with
the provisions of the general, street law.
The decision will render invalid a large
number of deeds given by the city to
property that has been, sold for delin
quent assessments, and will affect all
street opening and widening proceedings
instituted since 1596. when toe State con
stitution was amended. "•¦ .; " :' • , • .';.
tween -the lines" about the : samo -width.
The consonants are- supplied with vowel
points and ! accents. ¦ At the top and bot
tom and on the right margin are smaller
lines,, which are the critical notes of the
scribes. In. one-of these notes there is
evidence -that this- Massoretlc annotation
does not belong to the original MS., but
was added about a century later, 500-^W
A. D. ¦¦¦:¦¦, r- .,'...¦¦ ¦¦;,.;¦ -:. : -;^ ¦'¦-. '•¦¦ -.:-.
A brief consideration of the;next oldest
codex will help us to understand the simi
larities and minor references which He
brew MSS. present. This MS. is in th<j
Imperial Public Library at St. Petersburg..
It bears the date 916 A. D., and is :thev<f
fore the oldest dated portion of the He
brew, scriptures, which has come to- ..lght.
The page is not quite .so large, as - the
earlier codex, and there are but two col
umns to the page. There are: twenty-one
lines In each column. The : consonantal
features are identical with 'those- Just con
sidered. The peculiar forms of certain
consonants are repeated here. Thero . is
less scribal annotation, and with the one
column less the page looka freer and:
cleaner.-. This codex is .' also :;-from the
Sephardic school.. Only one familiar. with
the Hebrew text would discover any nc
tlceable difference. Such, a difference
there is, however^ for. In this, codex, the
supralinear. vowel punctuation is ,em
ployed.: .There : were rival; systems of
punctuation among thescribes. one school
writing the vowel points below, the other
above the consonantal. text. The suprau
near Is the Babylonian style. It is the
more complex, and although it maintained
itself untilthe seventeenth century it was
destined to give- way to -the. ¦ ln
fralinear-system,'which the printed Bible
employs. This codex contains the later
prophets, i. c.. Isaiah, Jeremiah, Ezekiel
and the twelve minor prophets. It .s tor
the critical study of the prophets what
the earlier codex is for the study of the
and all. simply reproduction* of the orig
inal Massoretlc text. Some MSS'.- have the
supralinear. others the lnfralinear system
of . vowel punctuation. : Some ' MSS. have
the.Chaldee In alternate lines wlth'tha
Hebrew text. There are peculiarities. In
the shape of one or more- of .the conso
nants that have their significance to tho
scholar. : The marginal notes present- a
great variety of minor differences, but
these variations afford but little help In
the. correction of errors and. throw but
little: light - upon the obscurities of • tho
text. -, In the Massoretlc text- we have an
exact :: reproduction of the Hebrew scrip
tures as they were In the .seventh -and
efghth centuries A. D. To get \ back of
this* text it is necessary' to make use of
the: different versions, and especially the
different' editions of the Greek" version.
This Greek translation ; was . completed
about 150 B. C. and repeatedly gives evi
dence that it has underlying It a different
text.. -.'¦¦ • ¦•' . . •
The great majority of Hebrew MSS* be
long to a period between the. twelfth and
the sixteenth centuries. They are for the
most part fragments. That they should
be so late, so few and so fragmentary
finds, ready explanation. The revival of
learning in Italy, that secured and pre
served for us the classic text, was a re
vival outside of. the church, and.' at heart
antagonistic, to- It. By Its discovery , and
.Acquisition 'of the- originals of, the Greek
and ¦¦ Roman classics it reveals what
might- have . been, done for the Jewish
literature as well. .. =•" I
¦ Then. too. the blind hatred and persecu
tion of the Jews by the Gentiles, tended
directly to the destruction of the Hebrew
MSS..; the Jews were compelled to conceal
them In order to keep them, and they pre
ferred to burn them rather than see them
In the hands of their deadly foes. ¦
.'• '¦¦-.. .CHARLES HORSWELL.:'
' Northwestern University.
Pufniture*
1 1 .75 ¦' * or '$!s : 'o°. dining-room
tables, made of selected
quarter-sawed oak— hand ppl-
¦ished.- 7 r;. •-•. ¦'¦): :.>/ ::>; ; .¦ ¦': I
22.50'.'--'°r $30.00 quarier-
- sawed oak sideboards,
with shaped sides and French
bevel plate mirror — hand pol-
ished.' . v-'-' • . ¦'¦ I: \V. : i ¦': : '-
1.95 for $275 box seat din-
:' : ¦; ing-room chairs-^-extra
well made and finished. ;V ::
24.00 for $35.00 extra large
- .china closets r- double
bent glass ends — nicely made and
finished. 1 ; "/.• ; :V' -' ; '¦ ¦ "-:'¦: ¦''¦
m
w
Mi
Carpets, Oriental Rugs, .f
SPECIAL SELLlNG^CafpetsrOrienUl-andrdomes^
tic rugs— the choicest, most exclusive, largest 1 assortment to
be found under any one roof, hundreds of rolls of carpets,
a;l the nest makes, purchased from the mills aY prices .cov-
ering barely the cost to manufacture. Intensely interesting
values to the economical house furnisher.
A tfli/r per yard
X r l/V 55f tapestry Brus-jr V/^ .((J $1.25 y K Tery:lbest-
sels carpets. ; '-¦ ' V-::.". : -^ ; -stair • -.-xar4.
A P er y* rd f or the pets:."-
iriy>V 6 sC all-wool extra ? ; - :¦¦> '¦..-.:¦'? ¦¦<¦'.
7y ¦ ¦ tapestry stair car- match> - • ..- '
'•: pets. ' H:- : ¦¦¦'¦'¦¦ :' :: ' : -':: : r' : -¦ -: ; --: -.'.'•': 'V^ ;^;'.:^;-^
•I. for $2.50 p?tt^tt^'V : -^Hn.tratii^:^.niad^Q^^E^'»
J^ eiyU Japanese nigs, .pet rugs,: all ; qualitieSi-any
size 3x6, ¦¦:. ".-. '¦¦'¦ -size wanted, at half the y?ual
9P\f\ for $12.00 Dant- prices.
m\J\J iv Japanese rugs, -
¦ . size 9x12. : .y~;V: v"'-?-.v' •"¦:'¦ •-••¦¦¦vn ':£¦.?£. "-"•¦ ¦"¦:¦ ':'¦'.s*:¦¦
|A Of\f o r Sis.oo-AXMINSTER CARPETS;
¦J. n\J/* ®rom. 1 c y*s .beautiful designs in light or
Smyrna rues, .dark : shades, .borders
• " . 6x9. ..:;i: match, $1.10, worth $1.25.: ;
<£ yj«vfUfor $2S.co Smyrna rugs, "Bromley's," size 9x12.
.Wilton rngs — handsome exclusive designs— s2o.oo for
6x5 ruga, $30.00 for 8.3x10.6 rugs, and $35.00 for 9x12 rugs.
Lace Ciartas]nis 9 ; Pish Nets.
/=*) PA for fine Brussels
iuh«iu Mtfj l <\f jL*^^ and ; Battenberg
® IvV V 1V 1 vednet^'. plain v, ; . g enters, .^-with
rt?JrßiLrß- : ' :^.f''.r.L -^Qtv:- a nd figure«---the "¦yerj'
r: r^^vT^^mi^^Ap fnewesUstylesT-at li •' positive
SaV - pgVQ •^ t filv? r ßniSel^
S^^MlfWSv ; SS®6
Ty^lvym^k i (6>Vj{w®-V ¦••• • V;? ;: ¦¦ : ? •"• ¦¦•-'¦ P*? 1 " 1 •'- de •¦" ; .Calais:
r Vvi (yf Ixl vi I.^ — 7 W T^tF and' ¦• Wish^pplnt : , curtains-rse:
rX^v^f >/ /fii^ l' ! W?\ hj(3/\ VcOTedrby'a'jnpre'^hanCc'-^rp'ni;
Ut\a/l lsW\ \f ' ;;a ; rciiQwned : "miker: at a ..fracr
v p//-^tt-\ i '%¦¦» l^^fe-ll'TriV-^^' for-s^o^French
:--^: '" .-. . .: # _. * . ;--'-"-v.'H.:?^!/--« ".& \ha.ndmadeV : lace
curtains. Aia-
bian, renaissance and Brussels
-^-finest ' kbodsr^wonderful; valued \"'.:- ; ;~-' : tvi./'Kvi,;-. iif-rc-.-- : >
¦•;.-•-,•-¦¦.'.,•.¦ v. -¦¦.'..¦ •--.:-¦. : A gigantic deal;- involving the
F* \£ - : "r\T' : i. : ? purchase of some 15.000 yards -of
lSll IN CXS* -- ; th * -.' fi .n'wt fishnets:;pr(>duced— ma-
;;;;.;:,.¦ ;> . : jK ': .-. ;. -. ..- -v;, "V% terials.:^ :UQyir"v so ; : rauch iri^demahd
for both sash and lonjr ¦curfains.-
'tl 7TfV>^ for , ; 2oc- ¦ yd- :^-^for ¦ .30c -^ /fl\ >J" for- 46c
'•;..;.: ¦'/•¦_ - ..,- :: v : tv-;e t :S-.,:...'- -'••..¦.:¦ • : : n.c t s -? "; •.- •' •¦,j ; v -.; n'e is.
v.d *-:-- : -jy4B.<-inch!es;\."vwiid«.V^/th^. : Jvery'- c finest
signs : rn ad c— and .. small . nets i' produced,
heavy, .elegant panerns — an y . elegant : for ¦ cvr r
quality .— good quantity desired.; .tains.;. ';".-;: ;":.V='^v- ;
wearinß.-'-i-V. ¦':%;¦.-¦•:.'_; : v>V ; '.¦:.'•¦¦••¦¦ [¦¦/¦r-'Xi ¦: '.¦'¦ '.'¦'¦' .. '¦¦.:'.'¦'¦ : -.--- ~:'\-.'-%
The hero In war is the man wM^
lion homes in the shortest possible time.
The hero in peace is- the// m
the least possible expense WtlieowneK^ one- an-
other when we all have to join each other in silence in the hereafter? ;
Our location, cheap rentj and low^runnin^
you from 15 to 20 per cent on your purchases.
THE HERO OF THE HOUR
GOLDEN AGES OF LITERATURE.
Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton.
V. HEBREW MANUSCRIPTS.
BT CHARLES HORSWELL., PH. D.
The oldest known manuscript of the He
brew. Bible is In the. British Museum.. : It
has no date upon It, but the original por
tion of it is supposed to have been writ-,
ten about S2O-SSO A." D. Il ls written on
vellum. The page measures sixteen and
a half Inches in length and thirteen and
.an eighth inches in breadth. As the MS.
now:is, lt : consists pt 186 pages, of three
columns each, and twenty-one lines in the
column. \!-pf the IS6 pages, 129 exhibit the.
original portion. The remaining fifty
seven leaves are a later addition,' written
on paper and dated 1540 A. D. The entire
MS. contains the first five books of the Old
Testament. . The original portion begins
with. Genesis xxxlx, 20, and runs on con
tinuously, with the exception' of --two
pages, to Deuteronomy 1,-. 33.' '-The hand
writing ls the. Sephardic, the Spanish-
Portuguese Bchool. It is written -in a
large, clear letter and presents a beautiful
page. The consonantal, line Is .'about one
half inch in breadth and the space be-
Pentateuch: A glance at a third MS. will
show what artistic skill the copyist gome
times displayed in the lettering, and par
ticularly in the arrangement of the mar
ginal notes. -This MS. bears the date 1300
A.. D.:. -The marginal notes are artistically
arranged in the form of conventional hs
urea. of dragons and reptiles. .The first
.word of each book Is written n consptc
uouslylarge letters.
These three M 33. illustrate fairly well
the form and character which the varying
.codices present. -They- are all reproduc
tions of a single text. They have all pro
ceeded from one and "the same original
type; ' In the seventh and eighth centuries
A.. r>. Jewish scholars, by a complete sys
tem of vowel points and accents, perfected
what they believed to be a definite and
accurate edition of the text. Their addi
tions to the consonantal text are called
the Massorah, or tradition. The scribes
themselves who made the text are called
the Massorltes and their text Is known
as the Massoretlc text. AH extant Hebrew
MSS. are copies of this text. These re
productions have been collected from dif
ferent countries and are In the handwrit
ing of different schools of copyists — Ara
bian, Sephardic. Italian. Franco-Italian
and German; and they present, naturally,
many minor differences. But they are. on*
WAIT A BIT IS
FAST AND GAME
AT UNION PARK
Winsi ihe Midweek \ Stake
Having the Hard-:
\' est Cqiirsing. : , ; :
A Good Day's Sport Is Provided by
. ..Greyhounds- WHich, Are Not . ,
•¦;/:';; Considered in the First '¦::",,¦'¦..:
?:-/ ; :-v ..;"- -/¦''.." -;-! : -'-^_ Class.. . -vv' : •¦- '' '^-' :
% Frank McCpmb's greyhound Walt A Bit
.won the midweek reserve sta.ke : at- Union
Coursing.. Park yesterday after . ;• having
harder running than any other dog. In the
stake. *' : Her.- hardest; course .-'was ¦ in '.the
second round, when' she. met' and defeated
Pasha Kennels' Ready ? Answer by ;"a' .'score
of .20 to 0. . She also defeated : Mercy. May,
May Hempstead, Random' Aim, and In
.the/final Nellie Bawn. This was.a par
ticularly: strong.-hare and- took tha' brace
of dogs nearly across the field: to the e3?
cape. -The hare favored. Wait A Bit slight
ly. : - -That • the - greyhounds . were well
matched Is'; shown by .the score, which
.was-'-4::to : & , :'. •:''-"> : v-'-"- '•'• ;.-:-s's,.:"i'-.>". ; -' : ' .V-; ,"•.'•:¦
The stake was a small compact one and
provided , good sport; throughput the day.:
The : dogs generally.. were. -'evenly 1 matched
and there were few.vtop; heavy. favorites.
. The. warm : weather loosened up ; the joints
of the. hares and they ran stronger, than
they .have, for some time.' The results 'of
the running, with Judge John Grace's offi
cial scores; follow: ¦;.' ; ¦¦¦••¦:-. A •'• "v.;-"..^ :'i ! .v.;'
.! r J. : L; Ross*. Just Tip beat P.. Reilly's Rich
mond-Queen, 6— 3;. J. Horn's Bona Fide- beat
M.B. Kavanaugh's Hard Lines. 12— 2; Ed Wil
son's Magnet beat J. -Ronrilng'.s Dempsey Lass,
7— 4- .'J; Mooney's Silent Treasure beat Pasha
Kennels' ¦ Reannex, ¦ 4— o; "F. A. McComb's . Lit
tle Sister beat Pasha Kennels' Round- About,
7-^0; Curtis & Son's McKinley beat Al- Austin's
Firm Foe, -.o^-1: Maher & Reid's Nellie Bawn
beat Connell . Bros.' ' Clover, Sr^O;- P. Reilly's
Master Mat beat J/M. Halton's Tic. Tae. M— 2;
M ••• Mtchalek's Old Glory beat- J. Keenan's
Royal Oak, 4—2; R. : Strehl's Skylark beat P.
Doyle's . Wild ' Monarch. 5—4; • Connell Bros.'.
Good-By beat Pasha Kennels' Rude Awakening.
4—o; P. J. Rellly^s Grafter beat Sterl &
Knowles' O'Hara. S— 2; M. Michalek's Glen Roy
beat J. Rogers' Sweet Nora, ' 6—o; F. A.. Me-
Combs' Miss .Skyrocket. :a bye. Sweet Faver
dale drawn: Al . Austin's Los Angeles ' beat
Aeneid Kennels'. Agamemnon. 4—o; D. Winders'
Risky Attempt beat J. / Keenan" s Blacklock,
B—3; Maher & Reid'SivSlngleton- beat J. D.
Cardinell's Thornhill Comet. 6—3; P. Rellly's
Expense beat Kelly & Conroy's Magnolia, 0—0;
D. Winders' Random Aim beat F. A. McComb's
One Spot, 3— 2; .Aeneid Kennels'. Athena beat
J.M. Halton's Said Pasha, 6— 5; Pasha Ken
nels'. Ready Answer beat T. J. '.Harrington's
Southern Girl, 6— 0;.F.. Al-McComb's Wait a
Blt'beatV-Ay. F./Hobb's Mercy May, 3— l; Conr
nell Bros.' Green Isle, beat Pasha Kennels'. Rest,
Assured, 4— 2; Pnsha Kennels' May Hempstead
beat E.-. Baumelster's -Winning Ways. 4— 3.-. : :
; Second round— Just Tip beat Bona Fide.- 9— 5;
Silent- Treasure beat Magnet, -3—o;3 — 0; McKlnley.
beat Little Sister, 3—l: Nellie Bawn beat Mas
ter Mat, 6—o; Old Glory beat Skylark, 21—4;
Grafter beat. Good-By, 5— 2; Miss Skyrocket
beat Glen Rojv 3—l; Risky Attempt beat Los
Angeles. •- 7— 4;'- Singleton beat . Expense, 6—3:
Random Aim -beat Athena. ' 3—2; Walt a -Bit
beat '• Ready .'Answer; 20—0; -May Hempstead
beat Green .le\e, ' 4-rO: : ¦•¦'.¦¦ .¦':¦-.-.-.
• Third round—Silent Treasure-beat Just' Tip,
6—o;'. Nellie Bawn beat- McKlnley,- s—o; Grafter
beat Old Glory. 4— 2; Risky Attempt beat Miss
Skyrocket, 3—2; Random- Aim -beat Singleton,
4—l: Walt a Bit beat. May Hempstead, 4-^3. .
¦ Fourth. round-^Nellle Bawn beat Silent Treas
ure, -.4— o; . Risky Attempt, beat Grafter, ¦' 4—3;
"Walt' a Bit. beat Random Aim, 4—l,' ¦¦...••.'¦.' •-¦_.
.Fifth "round— Nellie Bawn beat . Risky At
tempt. 3—o; Wait a. Bit,' a bye. • . ¦-' : . .' ' \ ¦¦ .. ¦'.
. Final-Walt a Bit beat Nellie Bawn; 4-^3.
ANOTHER BIG STAKE.
'¦': The ' stake .at- Union' 'Coursing Park
wou.ld.be practically. :'a rerunning : of th&
John? Grac^ --. Challenge ;¦ cup . stake'-.': if
.Luxor,'.' the .: ¦Winner,-', and .; : Connemara,
the runner; up,. were among the .entries.
Ninety-six .. dogs : .are ,. entered; : tiricludlng
nearly, all those originally, trained for the
big cup.' • The. prizes are: "Tq:.the winner
Jl5O, runner up jioo. third J6O, three at J3O
each, six at $20, twelve at $15 and twenty
four at $10. : Coursing will commence each
day at 10:15 a. m. The draw resulted as
follows: .:.¦'. :'':x' : :/-i • ¦..-..¦ ¦;.,. ' ¦• ¦ - ' : -
\T. - : J. Cronln'a- Vandal, vs.- Curtis & Son's
McKinley; H. H. Gray's Rona vs. P. J.. Reilly's
Warship; D, .J. Healey's . Grenada i vs. E.
Baumelster'a iWarrior: .C. B. Charlesworth's
Crawford Braes vs. Al Austin's Los Angeles;
J."-M; Halton's 'Lavender vs. Connell Bros.'
Log Boy; Hall &. Newell' s Clara Barton vs.
fasha- Kennels'' Recording Angel; M. Mlcha
lek's Old Glory vs. J. P. Thrift's Brutus; Cur
tis' ¦¦" & ; Sons' Terronlte .vs. Curtis &
Sons' Vulcan; J. ".L. Ross' Jessica vs.
P. J. Reilly's RoyalUnlon; J. P. Thrift's St.
Michael vs. T.- Logan's Miss Grizzle ;• Maher
& Reid's Uncle Puller vs. Curtis & Sons" Com
modore;'J.' McEnroe's:' Admiral Sampson vs.
H. Lynch's' Lottie M: D. J. Healey's Lady
Clare vs. Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon; Curtis
& Sons' Cash vs. Curtis &. Sons' Echo; J. P.
Thrift's Forget vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne;
Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Hist vs. Russell, Allen
& Wilsons- Master Clalr; T. J. Cronln's Thorn
hill vs. Sterl & Knowles' For Glory; Aeneid
Kennels' Maid of Erin vs. J. H. Perlgo's Con
troller; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs vs.
E. M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy; J. Mailer's Benlcla
Boy vs.: J. H. Perigo's Lady Davenport; Cur
tis & Son's Narcissus vs. M. Mlchalek's Glen
Roy; J. H. Harrison's Hot. -Haste vs.. H.
Lynch's Lexington; Pasha Kennels'. Rest As
sured vs. Erwin & Lyons' May Que-n; J. L.
Ross' 'Just Tip vs. Gus Abercrombie's Rock
Island Boy; 'P.. J. Reilly's Plouehboy vs. ' T.
Logan's Honor Bright; D. O' Connell' s Satan
vs. Aeneid Kennels' -Aeneas; H. A. Deckel
man's Rocker vs. : H. H. Gray's Terronette;
Curtis & Sons' Maud S vs. J. McEnroe's Stone
henge; Maher & Reid's Bad Boy vs. F. A.
McComb's One Spot; Curtis & Sons' Flying Fox
vs. P. Doyle's Wild Monarch; E. M. Kellogg's
Sweet Emma vs. E. Geary's America; D. Win
ders' Risky Attempt vs. R. -E. do B. Lopes &
Sons' Green. Valley Maid; H. A. Deckelman's
Flyaway vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Sons' Won
der; D. Winders' Random Aim vs. J. H.'-. Per
lgo's Bohe: Russell, Allen : &¦ Wilson's Belle
Clalr vs. F. A. McComb's Royal Flush: Pasha
Kennels' May Hempstead vs. J. L. Ross" J
L R;G. Whitney's Theron vs. J. Sheridan's
Forest King; J. O'Dowd's . Shoot Over vs. J.
Cardlnell's Thornhill. Comet; Connell - Bros.'
KUkelly vs. Sterl & Knowles' Ollta; Gus Aber
crombie's Rock Island King \s. W. P. Whit
ing's Mlnneola; Gus Abercrombie's Victor King
vs. N. P. Whiting's St. Anthony: Aeneid Ken
nels' Athena vs. Pasha Kennels' Reannex; R.
E. de B. Lopes & Sons' Crawford Lad vs. Cur
tis & Sons' Terrona;/ R. L. Taylor's Beauty
Spot vs. J. Sheridan's Forest Queen; R. L.
Taylor's Mose vs. J.- M.- Carroll's Columbia;
J. Keenan's Royal Oak vs. Connell Bros.' Mas
ter Morse; Erwin & Lyons' Silver Lyon vs. M.
London's Magneto; Curtis & Sons' Vanity Fair
vs. J. Keenan's Blacklock.
A thirty-six dog stake will be run off at
Ingleslde Coursing Park this afternoon,
commencing at 1 o'clock. For a midweek
the entries are of more than ordinary
quality. ¦'•."-.- •-•-.-
MISCELLANEOUS.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1900.
OLD INDIAN
MURDERED FOB
HIS MONEY
Attacked; :in a Lonely; Spot
•;¦: ' : and Beaten to Death 1 * '
\': ';::¦] ' to The Call. '.'_. •": ""„
The. body I; if.'. "Billy";
Simpson, ..an . Indian;, who v has: .• .for
many '; beeri', ; 'a- ' resident ': of- - a
rancheria oni. : .Rancho Chico, was' found
at about ' 6:SO o'clock this mprriingr. That
murder had •;..::. been y. done- ;• was \ ¦;¦; evlf
derit • 'at a 'glance/- and "V that the
motive- which: prompted., cold-blooded
murder- "of .an.-. inoffensive -Indian -.was
robbery • was -recognizable ¦'Immediate
ly after the- body and clothing were ex
amined: Some brutal thug or thugs had
for a few dollars Simpson might have in
his pockets literally beat the Indian _to
death,-; carried, the, body' into: the- dense
shadows of. the trees near General Bld
well's mansion^: and- rifled '; the .pockets.
How: much the: murderers secured; will
probably. I . never Vbe known; but It is sure
they only, left a couple of keys and a dime,
the latter -being.. caught In a . fold of the
trousers : pocket ; which .had. been; turned
Inside out.,-' ;^ ; ::'V V .¦¦.-.¦-¦¦. ¦"':¦:";¦. '>:•:.%/• ¦¦:•'.:. '.." ¦;•?.'
•:¦-.> As to who committed the murder there:
•Is Very little, for the officers to work upon,
although there .will be a search made for
r a : strangrer who, appeared. at. the rear door
of the Bidwell mansion at 8:30 o'clock and
asked to see General Bidwell.: The strang
er appeared to be somewhat Under the In
fluence^ of liquor, and ho was told that
General Bidwell was busy ¦ but .-to .call
again and he could. see .the general.' I The
man went away biitdid not. return. About
a half or three-quarters of an hour later
One of the women employed there heard
the: dog growl fiercely and Jump from -.the
porch. . The woman was- quite 5 nervous
after the visit of.thfe: drunken man and
called, the '--dog: .back to the porchu : -: This
morning the. tracks of the' dog show 'that
he had started Btralght for the spot where
Simpson's body was found and- it. is: con
fidently believed that he wis aroused by
the scuffling of the two men.-: ¦¦::-'. -J ¦•.¦¦-. •.'
There are. numerous theories regarding
the murder. .Some -are of.- the ¦ opinon
that the murderer was lying in wait for
some other -person -and when Simpson
came along attacked him believing him- to
be the Intended victim. It seems to be
generally known,' however; that Simpson
always had from $10 to $20 in his pockets
and some thugs knowing this may have
waited for him. Sheriff -Wilson, : with
Deputy Sheriff Goe and Constable Potter
are ;making a thorough search, of the
grounds in the hope Of finding the weapon
used to -.commit- the murder and In- the
meantime effort wlll.be made to locate the
man who called at the Bidwell mansion
about 8:30 o'clock;. ;.. .'¦ . . •: .. '-..
JR.^^liThniltoii Ezpo&JtJea Building Blcck, ¦ ¦
The Call's
Home Study Circle
|jj "*S? 9' ¦ '¦¦'•' < O'
; 1 ggjg5 l tiag«ga[
L^T^S^?jiff^^i^^a^/'^^sssss»^lW
y<* . -^ I 'r ' l-V^jv
¦¦'¦'¦. '¦>;;•¦;¦¦, .¦¦¦.¦¦.•:¦¦.¦'¦•:¦¦:¦. "tJir'- !
; '•¦• ; : : :':\A THE -SINAITIC : MANUSCRIPT.'v ; ';.'¦} ¦ .-,".
'.'¦' (One of the oldest manuscripts^ of th c SeptuaeTlnC'-Photoffraphed from one' of
the sheets found by Dr. Tlschendorf . In 1 $44 in an old fuel basket at Mount Stnal.)
CALIFORNJ^THEATER.
THE MUSICAL EVENT OF THE SEASON.
SALE OF TICKETS FOR SINGLE PERFORM-
• :: ,:. ANCES COMMENCES TO-DAY.
SIX GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS
•.'.' .. • ¦¦ on the^ ' • ¦ w." .
WAGNER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
• ... .MADAME GADSKI, Prima Donna.
: . • MR. DAVID BISPHAM. Barytono. '•; '-.
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH, Composer and
• ¦ Conductor. ' • >.
, Under the Direction of C. L. GRAFT.'-..-.
REPERTOIRE OF THE FIRST WEEK:
Tuesday • Afternoon ' "TANNHAUSBR"
Thursday Afternoon .
....VTHE FLYING DUTCHMAN"
Friday Afternoon... "THE MEISTERSINGER"
Second Week— Evenings of March 12, 13, 14.-
Tickets for single performances, TOe, $1, |1 60,
|2. 12 80, J3. •'¦¦¦• .
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO/SHALL.
(Preliminary to the Concerts at tho California
Theater.)
BALE OF TICKETB FOR SINGLE PER-
FORMANCES COMMENCES TO-DAY. ,
Six Explanatory Beoitals at the Piano
BY MR. WALTER DAMROSCH.
Under the Direction of C. L. Graff, on the
WAGNER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS,
At 11 o'clock In the Morning. •
Monday, March 6, "DAB RHEIN'GOLD";
Wednesday, March 7. "DIE WALKURE":
Saturday, March 10, ''SEIGFRIED"; Monday,
March IJ, "OOTTERDAMMERUNG"; Wednes-
day, March 14. "PARSIFAL 1 ': Saturday, March
17. 'TRISTAN AND ISOLDE."
Reserved seats for single performances, $i bo,
on sal* at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s at > o'clock.
7. Securities were quiet In the morning, but
there were some fluctuations. Pacific Borax
continued to advance, touching $147.50,. and
Malta well rose to $45 874. ¦ Ga» & Electric de
clined to S5l 60 and Contra Costa Water to 573.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water sold
down to $72 60 and Giant Powder to $90. Mar
ket-Street Railroad was firmer, touching $62,73.
The oil stocks were not materially changed!
The , Daly West Mining Company of Utah
paid a dividend' of $75,000 on the 17th and tha
Green Gulch of Utah $4000. . - . .
On February 25 the Consolidated Gold Mining
Company of victor. Colo., paid a' dividend of
$10,000 and the Gold . Coin mine In the same
district $20,000. . , '
The Homestake Mining Company of ' South
Dakota paid the usual monthly dividend of 25
cents per share, and another one of the same
amount on the 25th, the two aggregating $105 -
000.
The Raven Gold Mining Company has de
clared a' dividend of $10,000, payable March 20
'The following- local incorporations disbursed
dividends during the past month: I
¦ * Per share. Amount.
Central Gaslight C0.... V.. '...-... r.5l 00 120,000
Central Light and P0wer...:... 05 3,100
Gas Consumers' Assn ..'........ 15- 2 025
Mutual Electric Light; 08 3 049
Oakland Gas Co 25 . '• 7,500
Pacific Gas Imp. Co .....85 11.200
Pacific Lighting Co .............. 35 7 000
S. F. Gas and Electric 33 43494
Contra Costa Water Co 40 -• 19 610
San Jose Water C 0...' 60 4 241
Spring Valley -Water Co 42 '> 68,800
California Street Ry 60 -. 6,000
Geary Street Ry.. • 60 = ' • 6,000
Oakland, S. L. & H. Ry 20 1,600
Presidio Railway 10 1,000
Alaska ¦ Packers' Assn 75 36 000
Hume Bros. & Hume 65 1,611
Hawaiian Commercial 60 , 60,000
Hutchlnson Plantation 25 . 25,000
Honokaa Sugar 85 36,000
Kllauea Sugar ;.... 25 10,000
Makaweli Sugar ¦ 60 17.407
Onomea Sugar 35 ."' 17.500
Paauhau Sugar 35 35.000
California Powder : 100 * 15.000
Giant Powder .50 10,00,0
Pacific Telephone 40 ° 13.200
Sunset ' Telephone 25 . : '¦ 7,500
Oceanic Steamship ............... 50 12.500
California Cotton Mills ........ 1 00" 6,000
Pacific A. F. Alarm.. 05 - 1,250
Argonaut Mining Co .-....;.... 10* 20 000
Gwln Mining C 0.............../..- 25^ =5.000
Homestake Mining C 0............ so ' 105.000
Standard C0n .... ........ i ...... 10 \ 17.839
Pennsylvania Mining C 0....-.;..... 20' . ."10,300
• Total ••••;. ...i....;."....;.;5638.626
A" summary of the dividends for the month
is as follows: . -; ';. .
' : 1899: . 1900.
Banks .-. $75,000 ....:.."
Gas :.. ; . 116.275 o J97.368
Water ..:.....".................;; 63.041 ° 82.651
Railway? ...: ..'. 5,000 3 " 12.600
Powder ...'. #.."-. '...'.... 10.000 25.000
Sugar, ..-...;..-. :... 25,000 189.907
Fish .............. ..........:-.:. : ; 36.000 37,611
Telephone ..". ..:..•......'...' 20,700 20.700
Mining ...•.;. 94.675 ,153,139
Miscellaneous. ...~........ ....... 22,750 19,750
''Total *....... .....»463,4U 1638,626
:,'..».. Canadian Pacific i '»;.: 95%
¦ SOO Canada Southern 4SH
¦"..850 Chesapeake & Ohio ...' 25%
'2,150 Chicago" Great Western ...'.., 13%
12,180 Chicago Burlington & Qu1ncy........124 ; «,
;S2O Chicago Ind & Louisville ..i. .'.'..' 21>/i
•-¦'teO Chicago Ind & Louisville prerd...... MVf
¦".100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois ..> SSVit
'. : "-100 Chicago & Northwestern ....... .'.V. . 160H '
L 430 Chicago Rock Island &. Pacific..:.. '.lo7%
SOO CCCiSt Louis ..:. 594
• 4.4J0. Colorado Southern '.'..-.;'-64
• ljols Colorado Southern Ist prefd ......... 44V*
•;.-.'500 Colorado Southern 2d prefd ¦....:. 17
. 3M Delaware &. Hudson 1..115
100 Delaware I^ackawanna & Western. .lSO
..»;... Denver & Rio Grande 19* i
• f?0 Denver &. Klo Grande prefd ....;.. 72>i
| -v.» 25 Erie i .;.....,....V...... 12« i
I---? .855 Erie Ist prefd ......v....... 384
. ¦ SiO Great Northern prefd- :.- 1544
100 Hocking Coal 16%
.....:. Hocking Valley ........ .;.*... ......... 33H
. 325 Illinois Central ...:....>..... ...113V*.
.: 116 lowa Central 13»*
;'...... lowa Central prefd ..;..;....
. 100 Kansas City Plttsburg &'Gulf: KH
...i... Lake Erie & Western 214
....... Lake Erie & Western prefd 83V*
...v... Lake Shore ....194
7.740 .Louisville & Nashville ......-524
.9,645 Manhattan Elevated ...' 94%
S.4SO Metropolitan Street Railway ;171
400 Mexican Central 12%
....... Minneapolis & St L0ui5... . ....,:,...: CO4
....'.,.' Minneapolis &' St Louis prefd. ;.'..w. 81 -
4;0C0 Missouri Pacific 46' i
-./... Mobile & Ohio ....:>.. 43
....... Missouri Kansas & Texas..-., ..v...;. 104
• -100" Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 33
....... New Jersey Central ...... :....... .-...116 ¦
• 843 New York Central '.". ..133%
6.220 Norfolk & Western ....;. 32%
1,835 Norfolk- &. Western prefd -75..
¦7lO Northern Pacific ...: ;...,.. £3%
330 Northern Pacific prefd ;.:....,. 74%
1.4W Ontario & Western ;... -4H
......... Oregon Railway & Nay.... ...42
'.. Oregon Railway & Xav prefd 76 ¦
2.34S Pennsylvania ? .....131
100 Reading ..:.. '».... ' IS%
2,000 Reading Ist prefd 59' i
*00 Reading 2d prefd ........;. 30
Rio Grande Western ..-..'.. ,V;.'. : ...'-.. 49%
..- Uio Grande Western prefd SS
300 « Louis & Sail Fran ll>%
Ft Louis & San Fran Ist prefd...... 67\
.:..... St Louis. & San Fran 2d prefd 34H
200 fit Louis Southwestern : '..... 11%
2,075 St Louis Southwestern prefd ...;... 30
10.210 St Paul :'.". 122T4
... St l'aul prefJ ;.„-. ......171
...^... St Paul 6l Omaha ;...•'.•••. ••••••••¦•HO
.€,570 Southern Pacific ..:., ' .'.... 354
U.9SI Southern Hallway -..;..:.: i... 13%
10.&61 Southern Railway prefd 5S 7 »
Texas & Pacific 16%
11,675 Union Pacific .......:...;. 4ST4
2.510 Union Pacific prefd .................. ,74»i
Wabash ...; 64
too Wabash prrfd ...20%
90<) Wheeling & Lake Erie .....:. ..10%
1,310 Wheeling & I-ake Erie 2d prefd 27»»
¦. 120 Wisconsin Central '• 17.-
Express Companies-r-- ••."•
....... Adams 115 ...
....... American ............145 ;
...,.-.. United States • »••'• 45 -
?..:.. Wells, Fargo 122
-.' - Miscellaneous — .- •¦-.'.
....... American Cotton Oil :.. 33V4
American Cotton-Oil prefd 94
LOOO American Malting 64
American Malting: prefd ;..*;. 23
975 American Smelting & Refining.... 3S'.i
.150 American Smelting & Refln prefd.i 90>i
...,;.. American Spirits 24
..'.'.*.. American Spirits prefd 17
6,200 American Steel Hoop 40"i
.. ... American Steel Hoop prefd S2
4,270 American Steel & Wire 57%
130 American Steel & Wire prefd...... 92' i
SOO American Tin Plate ?'..... 324
...',... American Tin Plate rrefd 81
20,470 American Tobacco 107%
American Tobacco prefd 155 V*
310 Anaconda Mining Co 43*
71.895 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 65%
1,410 Colorado Fuel & Iron 44%
1,320 Continental Tobacco ? 314
¦ 2iO Continental Tobacco prefd 844
2.215 Federal Steel 63%
510 Federal Steel prefd ;.'...... 734
General Electric 125
Glucose Sugar ..: 614
.410 Glucose Sugar prefd 9SV*
.300 International Paper 21
...... International Paper pre-fd 664
Laclede Gas 74
...».-;. National Biscuit : 36
........ National Biscuit rrefd' 90
.'..;,.. National Lead 23%
...J.-.. National Lead prefd -.. 103U
• 2.120 National Steel 4SV*
: 180 National Steel prefd .....'... 94J4
. 400 New York Air Brake 1264
1,83 a North American ; 15 ;
...,-... Pacific Coast 49
........ Pacific Coast Ist prefd 82
...;... Pacific Const 2nd prefd CO
,-l.iiO Pacific Mall ..........;; 3S
15.910 People's Gas 100%
.„.'... Pressed Steel Car v... 65Vi
150 Pressed Steel Car prefd ............. 86 .
../.... Pullman Palace Car .-. 183 '
• .-200 Standard Rope & Twine 74
! 49.45.0 Sugar 1074
.100 Sugar prefd 106
' 4,040 Term Coal & Iron '...-.... 93%
: 14.63) United States Leather U«i
9,373 United States Leather prefd 70%
400 United States Rubber .'33
United States Rubberprefd 92
B.OSO Western Union 82
• 650 Republic S & S 23 -.
800 Republic S & S prefd 674
P. C. C.& St. L 70
£31,900 Shares sold. ¦ .
' MINING STOCKS.' '. •
Choilar 20 Ontario t 00
Crown Point 08 Ophlr 60
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Plymouth 1J
Deadwood ; CO Quicksilver 1 75
Gould &- Curry.... 10 do prefd ...... 750
Hale & Norcross.. 2$ Sierra Nevada .... 32
Homestake E0 00 Standard 2 SO
Iron Silver 65' Union Con 20
Mexican -IT Yellow Jacket .... 14
,'". ¦;•¦/- BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ?V'..
Money— Union Pacific ...... 4914
Call loans 84«?4 Union Land ........ 2
Time loans 3%<§5 West End 93
; Stocks— „ . - Westingh Elec .... 42V4
Atehison 22V4 Bonds
do prefd 6iV» Atchlson 98
Am Sugar 107% N E G & Coke Es. 7114
do prefd 110 Mining shares-
Bell Telephone. '....32o Adventure 44
Boston Elevated.. .lls Allouez Mm C 0.... 2%
Boston & Maine. ...l?j Amalg Copper 91V*
C B & Q .124V4 Boston & M0nt.. ..265
Dom Coal 42 jßutte & 805t0n.. ..'68
do prefd 116 (Calumet & Hec1a..760
Fed Bteel £34 Centennial 16%
do prefd 74 Franklin'-. 14
Fltchbunr prefd ...130 Osceola ...» 72
Gen Electric- 125 Parrot ;.;... 424
do prefd IS6 Quincy 135
Mcx Cent 124 Santa Fe Copper.. 64
Mich Tel 100 Tamarack .185
N E G & Coke ISU Utah Mining ......252
Old Colony. 207 Wlnona 24
Old Dominion lsy,,Wolverlnes 40
Rubber 32V* 1
New York Money Market.
.NEW YORK, Feb.' 28.— Money on call, steady:
actual transactions ranging from 2 to 2% per
cent; last loan. 2U, closed offered at 2 per cent.
Prime mercantile; 'paper, 44954 ° pcr c cent.
Stertlng exchange," heavj-. with actual 'business
ln' ; bankers'- bills at $4 86% for demand and at
$4 R3Vi for sixty- days. Posted rates, $4 84®
4 X and U 87464 SB. Commercial bills. $4 R2» 4 &
4 834. Silver certificates. sr<-\fiCo»jc. Bar sil
ver, 09?ic: Mexican dollars, 47\c. Government
bonds. Irregular; Etate bonds inactive; railroad
bonds, firm. r. \
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 28.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. $30X,257,6C6; gold reserve,
$232,049,708. r _^
G London Market, i
NEW YORK. Feb. 28.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram aaya:
ARRXVEJX
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlns, M horsrs from Port)
Los Anzeles. ¦¦" ''• . , •
Stmr Albion. Ericsson. IT- hours from . Fort
Stnfr Corona, Glelow. O. .hours- fiexa Ban
Dleso. etc - =•¦',>¦;
Stmr Newburr. Petersen, 41 hoars frota Saa
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen. 23 hoars from Eureka.
Baric Gatherer, Ljunggrren, 14 flays from Ta«
coma. • ' '
Schr John O North, Austin. 17 ' days frois
Honijni. ' ' ' , —¦-'=, "=-<• £•¦*
¦ Schr J Epplnger, Nyman, ¦ M ho*ara > from
Stewarts Point. ... ¦ „» .„ •¦..:'
CLEARED., .•» o :
¦*¦¦• ¦ . : . ' I Wednesday. February St.
Etmr Peru. Irvine. Panama. ete.;'P MBS Co,
SAILED. " » .. •
'¦>"•-• . '..° = n Wednesday, February 23. °.
Stmr, Newsboy, Walvig. Usal. .-• ; .\.' •
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea, San Pedzot , '• -.
Stmr Peru. Panama. = . . - ; .- ' • "
Stmr Orizaba. Hlnkte. Eureka. -¦! -. ' '.
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen, Greenwood." •". ' ,• =
Stmr. Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent Cltr«
' Simr Sequoia. Thwlng. . , .. :
Stmr'Xavarro. Jensen, Bowens Landing. • ;
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. Trinidad. . „ "
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman. CBmox, c .
River. •
Br ship Matterhorn.'= Williams. Queenstown.
Fr bark Marechal d» Tureaat, L* PasnierSa
Queenstown.
Schr Albion. Gudmansen, Coqulll* River. " - "
Schr Mary C. Hansen. Fort Ross. , ' .
Schr Corinthian. Kerth, Xllers Potnt
Bchr Mary. Anderson. Bowens Landing. ; '
Schr Joseph A -'Henry. Rasmussea. 'Coquiil*
,»:-/^i OUTSIDE BOt^TD.IN. •' •- -.t.,.,
Bchr J Epplnger. schr John O. North.
* . *- *¦¦ o " TELEGRAPHIC. •
POINT LOBOS. Feb 2S, 10 p m— Weath«r hazy.
MISCELLANEOUS. ' " •
BOITRAYBAYA, Java. Feb 28— Sato St. John.
from New York for Yokohama. Is reported lost
by fire. - AU hands were saved and landed at
Banjoowange, • , ,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 2S-Stmr Willamette,
for San Francisco: Jao stmr Toso Mara, for
Yokohama.
¦ Arrived Feb 2S— Stmr Senator, hence Feb 2fl.
OLYMPIA— SaiIed Feb 23— Brig Courtney
Ford ' for San Pedra.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Feb »-Stxnr Rival,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 25— Tug Ranger,
hence Feb 27: stmr North Fork, hence Feb 27.
Sailed Feb 2S— Stmr San Pedro, for San Fran
cisco.' ¦ .
CASPAR— Arrived Feb 28— Stmr Cleone. hence
Feb 27.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Feb 2&-Chtl bark
Temueo. for Africa.
SAN DlF.GO— Sailed Feb 2S— Schr Bertha DoJ
beer,- for Eureka.-
REDONDO— Arrived Feb 23 — Stmr Grace Dol
lar, hence Feb 2fc *.-: „ »
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb Xl— Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka.
Sailed F»bt2S— Schr Albert Meyer, for Seattle;
stmr Pasadena, for Eureka: schr Meteor, for
Port Gamble.
PORT LOS AXGELES— Arrived Feb 28— Etmr
Luella. hence Feb 26. and sailed.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 2»— Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru, hence Feb 9.
• GENOA— Sailed Feb 2t— Ger stmr Luxor, for
San- Francisco. ' • ¦
o HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Feb 2S— Nor
stmr Thyra, from San Diego. Feb 23— Br stmr"
Arab.' from Portland.
' ENSENADA— SaiIed Feb 27 at < p m— Stmr
Curacao, for San Francisco.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Feb IS— Bark Highland
Light, for Lahatna. ¦ -
TIENSIN— SaiIed Jan 23— Ship Henry VUlard.
for Honolulu.
OYSTER HARBOR— Sailed Feb 2S— Stmr Ell
hu'Thomson, for San Francisco.
• OCEAN STEAMERS.
' SUNDERLAND. Sailed Feb 28— Stmr Ohio,
for Baltimore.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb :»-Stmr Ems. for
Naples, etc.; stmr Frlesland. for Antwerp, via
Southampton: stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool.
AXTWERP-Arrivad Feb 2S— Stmr Kensing- .
ton. from ; New York.
GENOA— Sailed Feb 2S— Stmr Fnerst Bis
marck, for New York, via Nanles.
HONGKONG— Arrived previous to Feb 28—
Stmr Thyra. from San Diego, via Yokohama. .
Feb IS-Stmr Araba. from Portland. vU Tolco-
THE CALL CALENDAR.
' March, 1900. [;.." •
THE STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Shipping Intelligence
Nczv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2S.— Evidence accumulated
as ihe day progressed In the stock market that i
the phort interest in the group of Fpecialties!
which has recently been declining had become j
unwieldy and betore the day had closed an
urgent demand developed for these stocks from
the bears who had over-stayed the market and
who were eager bidders for stock to cover
short contracts. Thus the apparent anomaly
was presented of a buoyant rise In stocks con
cerning wtilch recent unfavorable news was
¦till uncontradicted or new facts developed of
a etill more unfavorable character. Additional
mechanics' liens were piled up on the assets
of the Third Avenue and a receiver was ap
pointed, yet the rtock .offered firm resistance
ml yesterday's low level and roee at one time
as much as 84- - The franchise tax commis
sion which recent rumors by professionals have
credited with a purpose to. practically confis
cate the net earnings of local corporations
began its Fitting to-day and the stocks of the
New York public utilities rose from 24 to 6
points. Published -reports alleged continued
demoralization and cutting of prices of Sugar
and the conviction of professional speculators
remains unshaken that the next dividend will
be cut; but Sugar shows a net gain of 214.
The pimple explanation' is that bear traders
have been selling these stocks without hold-
Ing certificates with which to make deliveries
and when they tried to buy they found a
horde of traders t ln the Fame situation and a
lively competition rprang up to secure the
floating supply. People's Uas. the Tobacco
nocks, a number of the metal stocks. Western
T'nlon and come others which have been under
rt-cent pressure moved upward under the same
Influence. The Leather stocks weakened on the
yearly earnings reported, which were much be
low recent sanguine estimates and the bears
endeavored to create a diversion In th»lr favor
by raiding stocks. The rest of the market re
fused to respond. Relieved of the elements of
acute weakness which have recently dragged
It back the railroad list rose strongly and quite
uniformly, the exceptions being stocks which
have already advanced in face of the recent
weakness. The advance was rather marked In
a rroup of low-priced common stocks of com
panies whose preferred stocks have already re
flected their improved prospects of dividends
by reason of Increasing earnings. Foremost
of the group were Atehison and Southern.Rail
way, which rose JTifil respectively. There
were rood rises also In St. Louis Southwestern,
W abash preferred. Chicago Great Wetern,
Colorado and Southern second preferred and
North American. The movement of grangers,
led by Burlington, m-as based on the fall of
•now In the 'Northwest, which is believed to
afford security to the wheat In the ground, as
reflected by the downward tendency ef that
cereal on the grain exchange. This movement
Is of rpectai Interest as being the first of any
tnoroept Jn the etock market founded on the
prospects of this year's crop, thus ushering In
¦ new Influence and hazard which will play a
prowing part In the problem of values. The
closing was active and strong at about the
b»st. \
The bond market was not very active, but
was firm. Total sale*, par value. $1,095,000. c
United States 6s (coupon) advanced 4 and 6s
(registered), old 4s and Ss >¦; and new 4s de
dined 4 «n the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. ,
Shares . ' ,- . . . r , Closing
Sold. Bid.
14.780 Atehison 22S
25.160 Atehison prefd Cs!*
MSS Ealtlrccr* A Ohio <£<«
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
• : US Bonds — ; -- .;
4s qua.r c0up.. 114% —
4s quar reg.... — 1144
4s quar new. ..138 —
5s quar coup.. — —
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 65..117 — '
C C Wat 55.. ..1064 —. :
Ed-L & P 65..129 ¦¦.¦-r~
F & Cl Ry 65;. 115 • —
Geary'-st'R ss. — 95 •
II C& S 548.105 -110
. Do 5s .'.....•..1064 — "•
L. A Ry 55. ...105 105%
L A L.Co 65.. — :-s-
•Do gntd 65.. -^ "'>#¦¦'
¦i Do ¦ gntd ¦ 55. . — > '. 103 •
LA &P R ss. 102 102U
Market-st 65...12741254
Do Ist m ss.'. 11* 119 -
JfCN.CR 75.106.. — .
N Rof Cal 63.113 114
:T>o 6s ...... -...115 —
BP-'CR-R 65.10S "-i
-Do 5s ....... VMO6UJO7
KCRB 55...109 — .
Oak GL&H. 58.111 —
Oak Tran 65...U2 112«4
Oak W Co- 55.. 105' — -.
Oceanic SS Co. 105% —
Om C Ry 6s-.,.- — 1284
P4 Cl Ry 65..1044 — .
Pk & O Ry 6e. — — •
PowelNst R 65.U94 — ;
Sac L G&R 6s. — 100
S F & SJV 55,;H64 —
SRy of Cal 6s: 1374 "— .-.
8P of A 65...110%1il '
S P C 6s(1905).110 111
-. Do (1906)..... 113 113 V
% Do (1912) ..... — : :— '
Dolstcg sa. — -.- — •
S P Br 65. .:... 12T- —
S.V Wat 65;:.116^11S
. Do 4* ........103% — .
S VW. 45(3dm)103 •— •'.
Stktn Gas 6s..lO2Vi—
•Water Stocks — • : -"
Contra Costa.: 73^i — .'•
Marin County.' 60 — '.
Spring Valley.. 7314'—.
Gas & Electric-^ ..
Cent'G.L C... ¦¦'— . — :
Eqult.G. L Co. ' Z%' Z%
Morning- Session.'
¦10 Contra Costa Water ....... .1. ....... .73 58 ..
: - 10. Contra .Costa; Water ...v.'.... .......... 73 25-
10 Contra Costa Water .........v........ 73 12H
100 Contra Costa Water.-- 5. 30....' ?..73 00 .
15 Contra Costa 'Water •;..«;.;.¦...-... ....... 73 00
10 Honokaa S Co- ..&.'.'.-:;.: .,'...........:. 23 00
55 Makawell Sugar. C«r. i». ..;:.....•.:... 45 374
25 Pacific Coast- Borax ..'...'.. .147 60-
>"15 S F Gas & Electric 0>.".... ..;,.;......' 51 75.
.¦4O S F Gas & Electrle Co:.-.::.....,...^^ 31 60.
¦ 60 S F Gas & Electric Co. » 90..:....*.^ 61 E0
; 6 S F Gas &. Electric C0..........»:«V. 51 63^
':'. C street— - : - ¦ ¦'¦''¦¦.. , :. :-v , ~/Vi- ; -'-."-.'- :•: •
11000 Market' Street R Rc0n'59,:;..';..;..118 50 .
Afternoon ' Session.
• 60 Coßtra-Costa' Water '..;:. ..:.....,..... : 72 50 ¦ ¦
$1000 California Street Cable, bonds ......117 50.
10 Giant Powder:Coh ;.......;........... 90 00
' 250 Horiokaa Su gar .Co ................. ..'• 29 25 . -.
' 125 Hutchlnson • S P Co ...;."..-.:.. .;...i.. 25 50
. 223 Makawell Sugar Co -.;... .v.. ....-..::. 45 ZV t
¦ 10 Makawell Sugar -Co.- cash ..-.;.».'. 45 374
60 Market Street Railway. .;;.........:;. 62 25
' 60 Market Street Railway .......;..•...... 62 i»
$6000 Oakland Water 5s ...; .......;,;106 00
ISO Paauhau. S P0>.;..» ;....,...,.,,25 62« i
•100 S F Gas &. Electric C 0..*........;.... 51 7o .
100 SF Gas & Electric C 0. ..;...;....;.;. 61 50
$3000 S P of A b0nd5.. ;..:....:........«.... 110 75 .'
100 Spring Valley Water.- s 30............ 97 25 .
25 Spring Valley Water .-..'.iV. 97 00
'85 Spring Valley Water./- ....:...... i. 25
$3000 Los Angeles Ry:ss ..;.../.;...'.. '.105 25
$500 U S 3s ;....... .......'....•.. .........11l 50
CALIFORNIA . OIL EXCHANGE.
',- Morning .Session.' ' ' .';.'.:
.•Board — •.:•¦ ••, ¦';.¦.• - : ' ._ .' '¦••
400 Anaconda. .• ::.....;.........-.. i... m . • 10
Afternoon Session.
¦ . ' Board— •. '•; ¦ ¦'..•.•
100 Anaconda. •".*« ¦ P5
100 Anaconda ..,..., ...........,....._ • M
mo Anaconda •.'. .' ¦ *5
100 Yukon :..." 155
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGB
'. , ..'' Morning Session. / .
Board — • . - -I. -:- : " ¦'¦¦
tO Caribou .'./.. .i... .;...;........ 10
• 'Afternoon Session. ¦;.".••' ¦ ¦¦
Board — .'"-.•' " ¦'.'¦ . %
200 Burlington -...- 1 00
• 60 Home Oil :. « «»
100 West Lake I.OQ
:.;".'•• MINING STOCKS. .'. ' :
¦ Following: were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board, yesterday: •
Mornlns Session,
200 Belcher ........ 23 230 Sierra, Nevada, 8S
300 Choiiar 23 200 Syndicate 05
300 Crown. Potnt .. 10 200 Union. Con .....23
1900 Justice... 07 - " .
Afternoon Session.
400 Caledonia ...... 39 430 Mexican 20
100 Caledonia 40 100 Occidental 15
100 Chollar. ......... 23 TOO Sierra Nevada. 35
.600 Justice Ofi •••.-.
- Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchance yesterday: : . --.--:
Mornlne Session.
200 Best & Belcher 34 1000 Exchequer 04
10CO Bullion ........ 04 200 Justice ......... 06
200 Caledonia .:.... 40 200 Mexican 20
300 Chollar ........ 22 1 400 Sierra Nevada. 36
'.100 Chollar 23 200 Sierra Nevada. 35
100 Con Cal &. Va.l 401 . .
Afternoon Session.
50D Andes .......... 06 1200 Justice Ot
200 Chollar 23 700 Justice ..07
300 Con Cal A V.I 374 200 Ophlr 64
2CO Gould & Curry 14 300 Ophlr 63
, : : CLOSING 'QUOTATIONS.
: WEDNESDAY. Feb. 28—4 D. ra. "
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha ?'O2 03 Kentuck 01 03
Alta 04 06 Lady Wash ... 02 —
Andes 05 06 Mexican 19 20
Belcher ' 22 23 Occidental 14 15
Best & Belcher 33 34 Ophir 63 64
Bullion ..';. 02 03 Overman 10 11
Caledonia ...... 40 41 Potosl 27 28
Chollar .V 23 24 Savage 11 12
Challenge Con. 13 20 Scorpion — C 2
Confidence ..... 74 76 Seg Belcher ... 01 03
Con Cal & Va.l .35 140 Sierra Nevada. 34 35
Con Imperial .. -r- 02 Silver Hill .... 03 05
Con New York. — 04 St. Louis ...... 09 j —
Crown Point .. ;10 12 Standard .......2 65 —
Exchequer .'.... .—. — C 4 Syndicate 05
Gould & Curry. 13 141 Union Con ....'2l 22
Hale & Norcros ;31 32 Utah ; 07.08
Julia 02 Yellow Jacket.. 16 18
Justice 05' 061
WEDNESDAY. February 28—2 p. m. ,
..'.- Bid. Ask. I * .Bid. Ask.
Mutual El Co. —. . 12H
Cent L & P.... *%
O G L & H.... 474 50-
Pac Gas Imp.. 51? i —
Pac Light Co. 44 .-. 44>4
S F G & E.... 614 52H
San Francisco. 44 -4%
Stockton Gaa.. 12 —
. Insurance— - . '•'• '
Firem's Fund. 223 "— '•
Bank Stocks—
Anglp-Cal Ltd.' 68. -. — •
Bank .of Ca1. .401 40S
Cal S D & T.. 99V*100 -'¦:
First - Natlonl.-.ZSO 305
Lon P & A.. ..133 •- >r .
Merchants' Ex — 18 • ¦
Nev Nat 8k... — >"—
Savings Banks^— "
Ger S & L...-.1800 — "
Hum 8 & L... — :
Mut SaY 8k.. : 45 . — .
S F Savr-U... SOT 4 — :
Say& L"80... 74 7«.-.
Sec Eav 8k..'.. — . — ' :
Union- T Co.i.-' — —..
: Btreet Railroads— ¦ .-.
California ...v.llB '— ¦-
Geary-st » 60 •¦•r—
Market-st Ry.. 62H B2\
IO.SLi H...'. — .60
Presidio......; 13,— '
¦ Powder Stocks —
California 150 170:
Giant Con Co.. 90 90%
Vigorit. ' 2U. 2%
: Sugar Stocks— ' • '¦¦
Hana H P Co. S ¦'.'". t%
Haw C&SCo 83 85%
Honpkaa S Co. 29% —
Hutch S P Co. 25H —
KHauea S Co. 174 —
Makawell S Co 45«» —
Onomea S Co. 254 28
Paauhau S Co. 254 26
Miscellaneous — • ¦
Al Pack Assn.ll9\l2o4
Cal Fruit Assn 99% 102
Mcx Ex. Assn.. — 100
Oceanic S Co. 92% 93
Pae A '-F- A.... 2 —
Pac C -Bor-Op>.l-I7H —
Par Paint Co. . 10 —
The markets here opened very quiet to-day.
he r>- w i*^? aJ "° <lull> out Improved on the news
«.s?"£^ B Pro^nsss. No public business re
eulted. however. None Is expected. until Lady
?P Ith .- U '- relieved. Americans ¦ were ° good
throughout the session. A blind tip on Atchl
son was current; New York sold early, but
turned buyer on Atehison 'and .Southern Rail
way, lifting the market to the best point. The
S? of , En *!*nd bought £16,000 In gold bars.
The week's Influx was £362.000. Money waaln
demand. A small sum due the Bank of Eng
land was repaid this morning, but in the after
noon there was heavy fresh borrowing esti
mated at $1,600,000. Continental exchanges were
CLOSING.
¦ Canadian Pacific. 101; " Union .Pacific: pre
ferred. 76U: Northern, Pacific preferred. 76>4:
Atehison, 22; Grand Trunk. 8H: Anaconda. 8%;
Rand mines, 374. Bar silver, steady, 27& d. : .
Sun, Moon and Tide*
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange unchanged.:
Wheat lower again and ' ¦ dulL'C:^/^' f:'-.-.
Other cereals quiet at previous prices.
Dry weather beginning to affect {Hay. ;
Beans and Seeds dull and unchanged. ¦.:'
Potatoes weak and dull. Onions-steady. ¦•
Butter and ' CJieese weak, but nd lower. v
Eggs continue, to shade off under-large stocks. .;
Poultry in moderate supply and firm. :V: V
Close season in Game begins to-day. /.; . -\
Oranges sold ratlur lower. Limes again advanced. ¦¦.
Hides getting rather demoralised;: '¦.", "-r'-:'';^--:/---
Hogs coming in more freely ogdin^ : :
February bank clearings shozo a : gain over iBsp< ."
Charters.
The John A loads lumber at Port Gamble
for K-llaua; Samaritan, wheat at Portland for
Europe, J7s 6<J. ¦ ¦ .
Bank Clearings.
Local bar.k clearings In February were $68,-
OSS.9GO, agafnn $C5.0C1.C77 for February. 1599.
For the first two months of the year they
were $151,104,109, against $130,395.60S in 1899.
Trade in Nezv York.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
'•The, railroad situation continues eminently
«at if factory, -for' earnings are showing steady
pains over the Increases of last year, and every
Indication points- to the maintenance of this
Improvement for a long time to come. Gen
eral trade is in excellent condition and this
week is witnessing the largest rush of buyers
tc New York that was ever known. The
wholesale stores and hotels are filled with rep
resentatives of ' big Interior business houses,
who -are here enthusiastic o\-er the outlook in
the West and South, a-nd ready buyers at ad
vancing : prices for • merchandise. : In the dry
#?»ods market there .is oftener .a scarcity of
rr>ods than of buyers." This means a large
West-bound traffic for: the railroads during the
next few weeks. Last week's East-bound
traffic was the blg-gest on record. ' During the
la>t five weeks the East-bound tonnage ajr-
Rrepated 795.000 tons, against 624.000 tons same
time Jn IW>9 and 431.V-0 tons in .1898. A better
luill ar(rum"nt for railroad stocks could not
be conceived. We Ftitl believe that many of
the medium and "low priced railroad issues
<nir.hii>e the, greatest profit and safety of any
in the '.Ist. There are now no class of proper
ties better crpanize.l. better managed, in bet
ter financial condition, in better physical con
dHion. and -with sreater stability of earning
l"iuer than the railroads of the. United States.
The hiirh-prlced issues are now so completely
absorbed by institutions and rich men or held
at euch figures that they offer no- attractions
to the ordinary investor and speculator; but
there remain a number of Issues which have
juct entered nr nre about to enter the dividends
raying pile and thpse will undoubtedly be the
speculative favorites." ; . •
Weather Retort.
."¦" O2oth Kertdlan— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. JS-5 p. m.
TV" following are the seasonal rainfalls to
iat* us compared with those of the came date
' last season and rainfalls in last twenty-four
hours: ¦¦''¦¦
. • • , i Last This Last
Stations — ¦ ' • . ' Zi hours, season, season.
r»:reka ?.."...«. O.(» 40.70 12.50
!>*-,! muff -....: ?..: . 0.00 . 16.47 13.18
Sarramrnto ... \. ......'... O. GO 13.89 7.55
Han Kra-ncisco ;..^.. 0.00 15.11 7.77
Krosno 0.00 «.2O 3.SS
Independence 0.00 : 2.12 1.15
fan Luis Obi?po ...;..-.'. 0.00 12.57 7.15
L<>s AnKPlcs 0.00 4.57 2.58
fen lJif-KO 0.00 2.64 3.76
Yuir.a ...'...,. 0.00 0.75 1.34
San Fmncifico data— Maximum temperatvre,
C 3 degrees; mir.lm'ui^a, 4S; mean. 56.
WEATHER , CONDITIONS A^CD GENERAL
.. ; ; rORECAST.
The storm over British Columbia this morn
ing has moved rapidly nouth^astward and is
. r. [ready over ihe ujiper Missouri Valley. The
prrssure has risen slightly on the North Pa
cific Coast and has fallen over Southern Cali
fornia. • •"
; - The temperature- has risen about 10 degrees
' over Nevada, Utah and generally cart of the
-Rocky Mountains. In the great valleys of
California the temperatures are from 7 to 12
degrees above the normal. No rain has fallen
In California; . *
Fore'-att made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 1, 1900.
Northern California— Fair. Thursday; light
Dortherly winds." -° c =
Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
Birtherly winds. . o : , -
Nevada— Fair Thursday. '.
* Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
'. San Francisco ar.d vicinity— Fair. Thursday;
light northerly winds.
ALEXANDER ¦G. McADIE.
° .:¦ _/ .-.., Fprecaat Official.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— L - Mar. ' May. July '
Opening '..6 84 6 8% , 6 8%
Closing ....6 84 '-,;. 68% . 68%
PARIS. • •*,
Wheat— .— '¦ Feb. May- Aug.
Opening 19 80 20 80
Closing 13 80 20 80°
Flour — g '
Opening 25 60 26 85
Closing 25 75 . 26 85
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Feb. 28.— CATTLE— Receipts, 13,-
RBAIi* ESTATE "TRANSACTIONS.
¦'. Patrick and Catherine .Walsh to Catherine
Walsh,' lot on S line of Lombard street. 155:9
¦W of Larkln. W 25 by S 137:& c HO."
' Alice A. and Thomas •J. * Lynch to Richard
and Hanora Malone. lot on N line of Filbert
street, 87 W of Webster. W 88 by N 120; $lflt
George P. and Nellie S. Allen to Ellen* A.
Fife, lot onE line of Devlsadero street. 62 -3U
N of Fulton, E 97. N 0:1*. W 97. S 0:24; also
lot on N line of Fulton street, 1W:11H E of
Devlsadero, N 34:6, E 0:0%. S 34:8, W 0:0H' $250
Nathan D. and Tina Newman to Abraham
and Alfred Newman, lot on N line of Page
street, 111:3 W of Central avenue (Lott) W
27:2% by N 137:6; $10. >. » '*
German Savings and Loan Society to Isaac
S^tMfc & 6'6 ' WOCk 4'4 ' M^- .Tract
Charles Prettejohn (by E. B. Pond and H C
Campbell, trustees) to Henry Felge, 1660 d 'S' 1 "
lot on E line of Florida (Columbia) street'
136 N of Twenty-third. N 52 by E 100. trustee's
deed; $1725.
Giuseppe and Caterina Ratto to Georce W
and Charles \V. Helnecke. lot on SW corner o'
Eighteenth and " Colllngwood, W 35 by S 75;
Abraham S. and Hannah Rosenthal (by Isaac
LRosenthal. attorney) to Julia' Abraham (or
Abrahams. ( or . Abrams) ", (Lincoln), undivided
one-fifth Interest in lot on.NW. corner of Eddw
and Glasgow (Anna lane) streets. W 25 hv v
63:6; $6000.. ¦ ... * *» oy J»
o J. H. and M. H. Currier to Ambrose A. Wat-
S&& S 0n 20^y C ETor,°l f O TaylOr . an<l
Marie . S. Goodloe (Schaefer) to Robert P
Goodloe, Jot on S line of Green street °137-«
W of Hyde. W 20 by S 77:6: gift. -
D. P. Brown .to Jule C- Gamage, lot on SE
corner of Sierra (Twenty-second) and Indiana
streets, S 42:3. SE 128:6. NE £0. NW 115-9. W
27:1; $000. •'
' Jule C. and Lillian L. Gamase to Dp
Brown; same; $10. " .= - ... -. »•.. " .
Solomon .and : Dora o Getz to Jean °M Reed
lot on E line of Thlr+^-slxth avenue. 275 s of
C street. 8 25 by E 130; $125. ' a ot
Mary Daly to L. W,> Smith, lot-on N line of
O street. 132:6 W of Thirty-fourth avenue W
50 by N 100: $10." „" o T nue . W
Nancy and Charles IL. Holmes. Ellen H K*n
field. Annie M. Boruck. Carrie L. Watson
(Remington) and. Nellie M. .Spencer to Alex"
andre ..Vein, lot on W line of Alabama street
275 S of Preclta avenue. S 215 by W HO Precita
, Valley, Lands, quitclaim deed; »l. . rrecll *
.« Alexandre ¦ and ? Julie WelU - to- Kate Reran
same; $10. ' ° ¦ "**¦**>
Mary E. Carr^to Fannie M. o Healey and
Josephine J. Schwartz, undivided one-el*hth
Interest in lot on W line of Shotwell street. MO
Vaney P fl C n d,; a i?. nUB - N
William and' Jane A. Boyle to Nellie T. and
S"! cR * e « lot oa E ltn « ot Worth street
V? ? f* Twenty-second. N 80 by E 125. lot 3
bl 2? 1 T,. 4 - Noe G « rten Homestead Union; $10. - 7%
Nellie T.i- and • Jan.- t. Mcßae to John J
and Margaret M. Harden, same; $10.
TO SAIL.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Fxchange, sixty- days....- — .. -. $4 SC
Sterling Exchange... sight.' — ?' V. 488
Sterling Cables '.-.;;•.:. ... v.-.'.v . : —••':•'" *89
New York Exchange, sight...... '—" <'.'¦¦ I'M
New York Exchange, telegraphio - 1 - .. , 20 ¦-
Fine Silver, per ounce..'. .'.... — • '.: - 69? i
Mexican Dollars .484 —
Wheat and. Other Grains.
'„ WHEAT— The Marechal de Turenne takes for
Cork 67,695 ctls, valued at $63,700; Matterhorn,
for Cork, 65,606 ctls; at $66,427..
-Liverpool was higher but Chicago lower. on
account of heavy snows in the-West.-. The sea
board-reported a better Inquiry. •"=¦ .-¦¦. :;
The local-market was neglected and weak.
with a-further shading in futures. '- •¦ .-.." ¦;:
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96Vi@97V4c; : milling,
9S^ic®si oi.u. .' ¦ >V - - '• '. • -; ."¦ • '
¦ ¦¦¦ -. -CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — No eales.._ .. ';
. Second Session— No sales."- ';
Regular Morning Session— May-^OOO ctls,
9S%c; 10.000. BS^c; 12.000, . 98V4c;. 20,000, •' SSHc;
December— 2ooo. $1064: MCO. $1 05*. •:-••.•
Afternoon Session— December — 4000 ctls, $1 OSVi;
4000. $1 05*4; May— lo,ooo, 98Hc; 16,000, :98%c; 14.
000, 98He. • : ¦..-;. -• .•', •
BARLEY — There is no change to report. -.- The
market continues dull but firm. ¦ ¦ ?-. '
Feed, 76®774c for No. 1 and 65®724c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, . Bo® B7Hc ;
Chevalier, nominal. . - • ¦ • V '''-. .:
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 6ooo ctls, 75c. • . • '
Regular Morning. .Session— May— 4ooo ctls,
75% - . • ." '¦ • ¦ -' ' •¦: •
Afternoon Session— No sales. . '¦¦¦¦ ¦' .•:.';.
' OATS— Dealers report a firmer feeling, with
out, however, any improvement In prices. .'-..
White, $1 10@l 30; Red, 93c@$l 17H: Gray,
$1 07H*ffl 154 Black. 9240«5l 02%. . . ¦ • ...
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 95c per ctl
and Eastern Yellow at $I®l 02H: mixed, 87ft
esi; . ¦ •¦• .; ¦ ¦ ..--.. . -
RYE— 97Hc®*l 024 per Ctl.. '?..
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI; > .. -..;..
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China steamer ' took out 12,495 barrels of
Flour. :'¦ ¦¦¦ . , -.'. -'.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75;
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40® 3 60; Oregon
and Washington, S2 75®3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 60;
Oat Groats, $4 60; Hominy. ,$3 25(g'3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4® 4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 73;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@7 23; In sacks, $5 75®
7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas,
$5 60 per 100 lbs.-.. ' • . . • •
ll av and Feedstuff s.
The continued dry weather is beginning to af r
feet the Hay. market. • The Hollister Hay men
have ceased, to ship- and receipts are much
lighter than for some time. Now and then a
car of choice Wheat sells at $10, which shows
a firmer marketJ There is no change, in Feed
stuffs. . . ' ..
UKAN— $l2®l3 per ton. . . . .
MIDDLINGS— U<<92O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed . Barley, $15®17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®27; Jobbing.
127 50*ir28; Cocoanut Cake, 5205721; Corn Meal.
*23fi23 50; Cracked Corn, $23 60@24; Mixed Feed,
$15 60; Cotton Feed Meal, $28 per ton. "
HAY — Wheat, $7®9 for common to good;
$9 60 for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and
Oat. $6 60®9; Oat. $6®B; Barley, $;@7; Alfalfa,
$6<37 CO per ton. ¦ ..
STRAW— 2S®4Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Previous prices rule, with & quiet market.
BEANS— Bay os, $3 25® 3 35; small White, $3 20
03 35; large White, $2 90® 3 10; Pinks, $2 50®
2 85; Reds, $3 CO; Blackeye, $4 60; Butters,
nominal; Lima, $5 15®5 25; Pea, $3 20®3 40; Red
Kidneys, $3 50(84.
• SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4%®4\c; Flax, $1 90®2 20; Canary.
3 V»c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, ls®10c; Rape, 2H®3c; Hemp. 4®4<*c
Timothy. 4344 c
DRIED PEAS-Nlles. $1 6001 90; Green, $1 75
®2 60 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are reported ¦ very weak and dull,
with free supplies on hand. Onions are steady.'
Vegetables continue weak and Tomatoes are in
over supply.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 75® 35c; River Reds,
75@80c; Burbanks, . 40@65c per sack; Oregon
Burbanka. 65c® $1: Sweet Potatoes, $1 25 for
River and: slSs@2 for Merced; New Pota
toes, 3c. - - ¦' ¦ "
ONlONS— Oregons, $1 7E® 2 per ctl; Neradas,
$2 15.- ••¦¦-¦¦-.'. ---..
VEGETABLES — Hothouse Cucumbers, '¦ 75e
per dozen; Rhubarb, 6@Sc per lb:- Asparagus,
S{?l2V4c; Green Peas, l@4c per lb: String Beans.
3:gBc; Cabbage, 40®50c; Los Angeles Tomatoes,
25®75c; Egg. Plant from Los Angeles, 10c;
Dried Okra, 12%e per lb: Garlic, 6c; Green
Peppers from Los Angeles, Ec: Dried Pep
pers, 8® 10c: Carrots, 25(?35c per sack; Los An
geles Summer Squash, $I®l 25 per box. -
Poultry and Game.
The , clo«e season for Quail and "Wild Duck
begins to-day. 'Poultry is steady at the good
prices, with moderate supplies. ' • .:
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10®llc for Gobblers
and ll@l2Vic for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, nomi
nal; Geese, per pair, $1 75®2; Goslings, $2 Ro®3;
Ducks, $4@5 for old and $4®5 for young; Hens,
$4 50*5-5 50: Young Roosters, $6®6 50; Old Roost
ers, $4 60@5; Fryers, $5 50®6; Broilers, $5@5 50
for large and •$3 50®4 60 for small : Pigeons,
$1 25@1 60 * per dozen for * Old and . $2®2 50 . for
Squabs. -¦ ¦•¦ ¦ . -.- --¦-?.
GAME-<3uall. $1 60; Mallard. , $S®4; Canvas
backs. $1 50@5; Sprig,' $1 73: • Teal. .- $1 75;
Widgeon. $1 £0; Small Duck, 75c;V Hare, $1;
Rabbits. Jl 50; Gray Geese, .. $2 60; White. $1;
Brant, $1 50@2; Honkers, .- $3 60®4; English
Snipe, $2 60 per dozen; Jack Snipe. $1 60.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese.
. Butter. 1b; no lowers but "weak, with excessive
stocks and sellers making concessions.' Cheese
THURSDAY, MARCH t
Boston Wool Market.
SUMMARY OF THB^MARKETS.
000; generally strong. Good to prime, steers,
steady to 10d higher, $5®6; medium, about
steady, $4@4 75; selected feeders. *4 2j®4 .5;
mixed stockers, quiet, $3 40®3 90: cows, steady,
$3®4 25; heifers, firm, $3 2.-.®4 65; £«""« c ™:
strong. |2 40®2 90; bulls. ; steady. •$2 70® I 30.
calves, strong, $3®S; Texans. ¦ receipts _ 800,
Texas fed steers, steady. $3 90@5; Texas, bulls,,
firm. $3 25®3 75. - •.•.'_'
HOGS— Receipts to-day. ¦ 29,000; . to-morrow,
30,000; estimated left over, 6000: market averag
ing shade higher. Top, $4 97V4; mixed,-, and
butchers'. $4 70® 4 92V4: 'good to ,cho»ce heavy,
$4 Ss@4 -97H-: rough .heavy. - $4 70®4 80; ;light,
$4 60«4 85; bulk of sales.- $4.80®4 90. . - _
¦ SHEEP— Receipts. 12,000; market strong, 10c
to 15c higher. Good to /choice- W^ n . c . r9 - TT ? 5 * a
®5 85; fair to choice. : mixed, *4 50@6 40; west
erns. $5 25(ffi5 90; . yearlings. $5 75®6 50: -native
lambs,. $4 50®7 /Ss.\ Western lambs, $6®7 »». v
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1900;
is lower. Eggs continue : to shade off- and
stocks are accumulating. '..- . - -. ¦ .
BUTTER— .. • •• ,
• .Creamery— Fancy "Creamery, !lc; : seconds, 19
®20c. ¦ : ¦'. . " : •-. -•'
Dairy^Fancy.iSc; good to. choice, WM»l7ttc;
common;- nominal. • . ¦ • ¦.--¦ - • •¦ •"• " .
¦ CHEESE— Choice mild new.: 9o; old;- BHc;
Ycung America. 9%@10c; , Eastern. 15H®16c;
Western; 13H@15c per lb.' .-.: ¦ • • •- • >¦. * '
EGGS— Quoted " at ll@l2c for store : and 12%®
llVic '.per, dozen, for, ranch.-' .' ; . .; liy
Deciduous: and Citrus Fruits.
'". Three cars . oi. : Oranges'- were auctioned as
f oUows : '."¦¦ Fancy Navels, ' $1. 35<82; choioe Navels,
ti 30@i 70;; standard. '80c®$l ; 15; seedlings, We®
$1 15; Lemon's, $1 20®l 45. ••= • .''.-'¦ ~-. : - '¦'-'.'.'
¦¦ Mexican Limes .continue, to . advance tinder In-,
creased scarcity.'; ';'.-•..'• '.*•¦'.¦' .;' vl' .-.-••' '¦'". ':''•
Apples are firm
• DECIDUOtTS. FRUITS— ?: :¦.]:¦ :-.'¦ ."i,-,
APPLES— 3O®6Oc per- box .for; common, 75®
$1 25 for. good r tft : choice, and." II 60®X 75 tor
"ciTRUS FRUITS— Navel: Oranges.. |IBQ®2 50
per box; Seedlings. 75c®$l 60j- Pomelos. ¦ iaco
$2 60: Lemons. $I@X B» for common and J2®2 50.
for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $6 60;^Cali
fornia - Limes; . 60®75c ;¦ Bananas. $1 25®2 60 per
bunch ;• -.Pineapples,"- $3 50@4 per dozen, .. . . .
y-Dried, Fruits /Nuts and Raisins.^
'. DRIED FRUiTSf-Prunes. In sacks, 4®4%C for.
40-50'b, : 2\&io for 60-60's," 2W&2\bc, for, 6(V-70'o.
3>4d- for .70-80' ii, ': 3c tor 80^-90's and 2«c f0r.90- :
100' s; Apricots;. ll@l2V4c for Royals. ; UH@lsc for
Moorparks. *¦•'-- and 12@13^c .;• for • Blenheims:
Peaches, 6»4S6c^ for Standards, .6M@t\o for
choice and 7@So for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10®
12% c; Evaporated Apples,- 6®7c; Sun-dried, 5@
6^c.per lb; 'Nectarines. B@!9c;.. Pears. *%@4%c
for' dark and 7@Bc . for bright halves ;. Black
Figs, 2@2Hc; White . Figs. • 2@3c; Bleached
Pliims, :JB®9c;' unbleached . Plums, 7®7H« i to*
pitted -and and- l^c. for- unpltted. . • . :,'.•':,:
• RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson' sr-Fancy,: per
lb,- 10c;. choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c:iun-.
bleached Thompson's, per.lb, ¦•' 6c.' ¦ .Sultanas —
Fancy/per lb, 8«6c; choice,: 7%c; standard. 6Hc;
prime, 6c: unbleached Sultanas, 6c.: Seedless,
60-lb boxes,- 6cr 2-cro.wn, loose muscatels, 5V4c;
¦3-crown. --e^ic;- 4-crown, 7c; London-. Layers;
2'crown, $1 60 per. box;.3-crown, $1 60. -Fancy
Clusters, j2:..Dehesa. $2 50; , Imperial. $3. All
prices are.f.-:o.- b.-..at: common shipping points
in Califorrila." ; "• ' '• - . •¦•••,:,••¦ . .•:•' ' •-, ••" .'
NUTS-rChestinuts; S®9c; Walnuts, B®9c , for
standards and 9@loc for softshell; 'Almonds.
HH@l2c for paper .shell.- 9@loc forsoft and 4®
6c for hardshell; Peanuts, e^^S^c for Eastern
end 5c for California; Brazil Nuts'; 7%@Sc: Fllr
berts, 12@12V4cr • Pecans, ¦ ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$450^5.K- •;¦¦=¦•¦'¦"•••••••:'•=•".••••-¦: '¦'• -•¦•¦ '•'
HONEY— Comb, HH@l2c for bright and 10H@
lie for light-a mber;, ¦¦water white extracted,
THe: light amber extracted, 7Vi@7Hc; dark.
sH@6e per -'lb..'-''V -.'•.-.- ;¦ •¦•..•• ;
BEESWAX— 24®26o per lb.- : :.• " . '¦ .-..• '.
Provisions.. '¦'¦¦-. r?-
CURED . MEATS— Bacon,''. 9%0 .per lb ', for
heavy, 10c" for ' light medium.'- lie for. light. : 12c
for' extra light and 13'/4c for sugar-cured; -East-,
erri sucar-cured Hams, .13@13>£c; California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef. $12. per- bbl ; extra
Mess, $13; Family, $14;. extra Prime Pork, $14 60;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
per lb. . • ¦¦¦ '-. ¦-• •¦ •' '.••. ¦' ¦"• ¦'.' "¦ •
¦ 'LARD— Tierces quoted at 63t@7c per \lb "for.
compound and 8c for pure: half-barrels,- pure.
BV4c; 10-lb tins. B%c; 6-lb tins. 90.. •¦:-. ¦ •-
-. COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%®S%e per ; lb; . JO-lb
tins, 914 c. ' •. ' •'••', ¦ -..-;¦ .--.¦.-" : -]-,: "¦
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Dealers report a .very .unsatisfactory -Hide
market. .They have, stopped, buying- -In the
country) and' are. making concessions to sell.
The demand is poor. •- • • ,' ••'¦• : . .
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and .brands 'sell
about lc Under quotations. Heavy salted steers,
10%@Uc; Med'um.- -9H@lOHc: light, 9tyc; Cow
hides. .9«ic; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 9V4c; Calf.
9H<&loj;. Dry Hides, - sound, ISc;- culls and
brandsv Isfn6c; Dry Kip and Veal. 17c; Dry
Calf, 19@20c: -Sheepskins, -yearlings, 15(530c
each; short Wool, 35(g60c each; medium, 70090 c:
long Wool, $I@l 40 each;. Horse Hides. $2 23@3
for large and $1 25@2 for small: Colts, 25<p6ttc. .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, s<&"sHc per lb; No.
2, 4@4'^c: : refined, 6',4c; grease, 2i4@3c.
WOOL-
¦ Fall cliD, San Joaquln plains. 9®loc; South
ern. SSlOc: Middle County. ll@13c: IJumboldt
and Mendoclno, 17®20c: Eastern Oregon. 13®
16c; Valley Oregon, lStJ^Oc;' Northern Mountain,
free, ll@14c; Northern Mountain;, defective, 109
lie Der lb. : :\:i : sy. •.- ' :: -v : •• -
HOPS-^7Bllc pcr.lb..'.- : ..,•-. .-.,- '.-.:¦¦
Saii Francisco Meat Market.-
.JHog* are In better supply again, as they are
coming, in from Arizona and the East. Prices
show no change,' though, the feeling is easier.
•••BEEF— 6VIQ7c per lb for fair to choice. ' '
• VRAL-B@9%c per lb. -.-. v " . ;
•¦¦; MUTTON— Wethe.-s, 838Hc; ewes..7%e per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6c for small ; and medium
and 6s»@s%c for larger stock Hogs and feed
ers. 6%fisttc; dressed Hogs, 7®BHc- ¦¦¦ ¦ .
General Merchandise.
.' BAGS— San ' Quentln Bags, , : {5 65; 'Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6^®6Hc; "VVool Bags, 2SH@32Hc;
Fleece Twine, "%c.- -.....'-. . : .- ¦" •'¦ "¦'
COAL— Wellington, $8 per. ton; new Welling
ton, IS; • Sputhfleld Wellington, $7 60; Beattle.
$7; Bryant. $7: Coos Bay. $5 50;. Wallsend. $8;
Co-operative Wallsend, $8: Scotch, ; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 59 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, $13;- Canne-1, $11 per
ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks.
• SUGAR— The- Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, -in 100-lb bags:
Cubes,' A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6Hc; Pow
dered.-5%c; Candy Granulated. -6He; Dry Gran
ulated, 5Hc;. Confectioners' .A;' 1 5%c; Magnolia
A. 4%c; Extra C. 4%c: Golden C, 4V4c; barrels,
l-16c more: half-barrels. He -more; boxes, %o
more; 60*lb bags, %c more. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 6T4c; boxes, 6Hc per. lb. ••' •
... Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 28.
Flour, qr sks ... 14.655!
Wheat, ctls 185,597
Barley, ctls 4,935
Oats, ctls 3SO
Butter, ctls 326
Cheese, ctls .... 244
Tallow, ctls 248
Beans, sks 2,921
Potatoes, sks .... 4,93$
Onions, sks 395
Bran, sks 845
Middlings, sks .. 640
Sugar; 5k5......... 401
Alfalfa Seed, sks 337
Wine. . gals ..'....¦67,C00
Wool, bags- • . 2
Straw, t0n5...... ;¦ 21
Hay. tons .:.,;...-' 316
Eggs, doz ...... 20.010
Leather, rolls ... -99
Pelts, bdls 264
Lime, bbls - 182
Sugar, bbls- 14
Hides, No. ' • 649
Quicksilver, flks.V. 147
Chicory, .bbls - 44
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE OP ORIEHTAL BUGS.-;.
•.;-.• ¦"':¦¦ THIS DAT.- "-. • " :•* •*¦• •':'.:
THURSDAY. MARCH 1. I P. >*•._..
I*l rtotkton ST.". opposite City •or l^aris,
for UnUeT State, 8 CUST%HOCSE^DCTIeI
AND STORAGE. C. P. TROY &.CO.. Auo-
tloneers. _^JJ_L—L—L. 1—
r \ Jt V TimeßalV -./
Branch . Hydrographlo Office. _£. • BL. 'Vt^ lfc»
chants' Exchange. Ban- Francisco* CaL.
February 25. .190 a • ' • : --.'- : .' '
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry .
building was dropped at exactly noo» to-day-
1 c.. at noon of the 12Qta meridian, or at I
o-'clock p. m.. Greenwich «?>s. CAI^KJS; "
Lieutenant commandtr. P. S. X.. In charge.
United States Coast a»d Oeodetfo Survey^
. Times and Heights of High and . Low
. Waters at Fort . Point, entrance to .San
' Francisco Bay. Published by offlcUl au-.
• thorlty of .the Superintendent. •".•••:'."<•:.
. : NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the - city front (Mission-street wharf) -: about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is. the same at both places. :
New York Grain and Produce
Sun rises... v. ..............................8:43
Sun 5et5.... .............................. .......«00
Moon sets ...4:41 p. m.'
NOTE— In- the above exposition of -the tides
the early mornlnr tides are given In' the left
hand column and ¦ the successive : tides of. th«
day/ In the order of occurrence as- to time. The
second/ time ¦ column sTives the second-tide of,
the day.' the third time. column th* third tld«
and the- last or rleht hand column gives th»
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are. ln addition to the soundings on th*
United 6tates Coast Survey charts, except
wh«-n a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then -»he- number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane ol
reference Is.the mean of the lower low water-*.
-.•BOSTON, Febl 28.— The;' American Wool and
Cotton. Reporter, will say: There, has been-lit
tle demand -for ! wool during the week;, .the
entire sales being only about 2.400,000 pounds:
The demand •till runs principally to medium
and low wools, although a little more Inquiry
Is noticeable for fine wools and the. feeling
with reference to" the latter -is slightly Im
proved. Prices are Irregular and on clothing
territory wools slightly easier.- . The London
wool sales open next Tuesday and about 260,000
baleß will be offered: The sales "of the weeK
in Boston amounted to 2,149,000 pounds domes
tic and 242.000 pounds foreign, making a total
0f .2.631.000 pounds, against a total of _2.37J.000
pounds for the previous week and a total of
8.253.C00 pounds for the corresponding week last
¦year. The. sales since January 1. amount to
30.616.600 pounds, against 33,440,500.' pounds for
the -corresponding -year. •'; .-¦ ' • •'¦;;¦•¦/;.•"-..
'¦.';~:'y.:' Portland's Business. -
¦•PORTLAND, Or..' Feb. ' 2i,— ClearlnsTS. ; »282.
242; balances, $44,666. ' .V. '-;.-' • •'•¦• 1
; : v- 1- -Northern. Wheat Market:..- . ;
•."..:.• ¦...-•¦ OREGON^/. ' ' .'
¦PORTLAND,' Or., Feb. 28.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 58c;- valley, 52c: blue stem, 66c. Cleared
—American ship C. S. Bement for ' Queens
town with 110,403 bushels wheat.-; , -. ¦ ". '-.
¦ •-. ..••¦' . AVASIIINGTON.'-! •¦..'¦ ¦ .'¦:•
TACOMA, : Feb. 2S.— WHEAT-^Club, B9c; blue
stem, ¦". 64c.' • ¦•- • -- •-.'.. '..='.¦. '¦' .¦;'•¦
'.'.•,.¦¦ Foreign. Markets.-. ¦'•: [.'/¦•;
¦ LONDON. Feb. ; 28.-M3onsols, .101%; ' .sliver,
27ftd; French rentes. 101f 67ftc; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes
¦on • passage, nominal, unchanged.;'cargoes- No.- :
1 Standard. California,- 29s 6d; English country;
markets, quiet. ¦ , •• ' ¦ :< . .-' •'..
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 28.— Wheat, steady; wheat
in Paris, quiet; -flour In Paris, quiet; French
country, markets, quiet.' .••'-' . -.'••-.
COTTON— Uplands, 6 . 3-16 d . .. -• . . . '. •. '
= ¦ .- • '. : closing. ..-•:'.'.'.."¦¦..•,.•¦ -:.'.
WHEAT— Futures dull; March,. BsSftd; May.
Es B%d; July, 6s B>d; Spot- No. 1 Northern
spring, steady. Ss lid. •¦"..-.-' '•'.'. >*?'• '
CORN— Futures, dull; May. 3s 7%d; July,- Ss
7^»d; spot American, new, firm, 3c S-^d; Ameri
can mixed, old, firm. 3s. 9d. • . . '-. •''•-¦'..
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Feb. »!— FLOUR— Receipts.
16,950 barrels;' exports, 6882. ':'. More active. 'on
spring patents at the decline, but qulet;'and,
about unchanged • otherwise.- -. . ' - ;V '•;.-'£•
WHEAT — Receipts, 28,800 bushel*. 7 Spot,'
weak; No. 2 red, 73ftc elevator; No. ; 2.red,
"4T4@75c- afloat In. stock; -No. 1 Northern -Dri-'
luth, -77% - f. 0.-b: afloat prompt;' No.' 1 hard
Duluth, 79% c f.' o.' b.- afloat prompt. Options
easy on heavy- snows In the-West. and after
a slight rally- on- steady cables declined rapidly
under liquidation and liberal Western, move
ment. The close was weak at %@lc net decllno.'
March. 73»£5r73%c,: closed 73% c; May, 71V4@72%c..
closed 71Hc; July. •71@72»ic. closed 71% c; Sep
tember. • 71»J@71 13- 16c, closed 71% C
¦ HOPS— Steady. - • '¦'•,':' . "
HIDES— Firm. '• ; . • . ' '••
LKATHER-Steady. i.•••i '.'••• . • : ..• ; :--':
' COFFER— Options closed •' steady at a net de
cline of 10*315 points. Total ¦ sales were 30,730
bass, including: - March 16 90; May. 16 95®
.7 05; August. • $7@7 05; September, •$7 10@7 15;
October. J7 1007 15: November, $7 15; December,
$7 30. 'Spot' coffee— Rio, nominal; Ko. 7 Invoice,
SVjc, nominal; No. 7 Jobbing, 9c; mild, market
quiet: Cordova, 943140. - ' • .- - • •
SUGAR— Raw, weak and lower to sell; fair
reining, 3. .13- 16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 6-I60;
molasses sugar, 3%c; refined; steady.- ¦ .'
BUTTEH— Receipts, 4744 packages. Market
steady; Western . creamery, 19<324c; Western
June, lSt#2lc.. . ' ' ,-'¦, .*
EGGS— Receipts, 7559 packages;' 'Western,
14Uc. . ¦ , ' . •— - •
. DRIED FRUITS. ' '
' Although receipts were considerably less than
looked for and country • advices of favorable
purport the market for evaporated apples de
'velopcd little or no change in the situation.
.Buyers and sellers were too far apart for-busi
ness. At the close the undertone was steady
at the old basis of operations..- California dried
fruits ruled steady.- with a small. Jobbing busi
ness doinz. . -' ¦ ' . - ' •
. STATE. EVAPORATED - APPLES— Common,
E«jfic;' prime, effCVic; cholce ; . 7@74c; fancy, 631
S'.ie. .. .-...-¦
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3',4®7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13i?15c; Moorpark, 15® 18c
• PEACHES— PeeIed. ISQ22c; unpeeled. 7V4@
1214 c. ": •.--, ¦' -" ' . - , - ;. -•••
.. S\iw Y^rk Cot on Mirket.
NEW YORK. Febi 28.— The wildest excite-"
ment witnessed on the Cotton Exchange in
recent years prevailed ¦ to-day, . transactions
reaching the enormous total of about pne
million, bales.' The shorts were' nothing' less
than. furious to cover. At tlmes-so great was
the excitement brokers, would -.be buying at
2 or 3 points above what- others were offering
to sell: While the demand was general, and
largely from European Bources the feature of
the local ¦ market was the. Insatiable demand
from a Wall - street concern reputed to be
heavily short of March' contracts and also re
puted to have been -a heavy . seller yesterday
In keeping with a large number of bearish
dispatches--. which they -sent forth yesterday.
This concern bought enormous quantities of
cotton, especially for August delivery. At the
best point the. market showed the unusual ad
vance of-18<§39 points. The record of transac
tions overflowed the large board .provided for
their, accommodation and an auxiliary board
was provided to complete the record of the
day*-s transaction*. Just before the close there
was a selling movement to secure profits and
the market finished Irregular and easy at a
net advance of HSU points. • ; ' \ -.-.
Nezv York Metal, Market. ¦..•• "
NEW YORK. Feb. 25.-^Only ' unimportant
changes occurred In the market for metals:
Business was generally very slack, with pig
iron closing dull and weak.". Copper unchanged
at $16 25. Tin firm but dull at $32 60, nominal,
this being against 522532 50 yesterday. Lead
was about steady at unchanged prices; closing
at J4 70®4 75, with spelter easy at- $4 65®4 60, a
decline of 2Hc. ':: ¦ ¦ '..
The brokers' price for lead was $4 45, and
for corper $16 25. ¦ • -? . ' ¦ .-..-.. ¦
CHICAGO, . Feb. 28.— Up to fifteen ''--minutes
of. the close of.. the session the. wheat market
was dull arid with a fractional decline from
yesterday's close. Business was almost en
tirely In the. hands of scalpers. The heavy
snowfall over the wheat' belt was "the bearish
influence, but the market bore up ftgalnst It
with great fortitude until the patience of hold
ers was exhausted and they utilized the last
quarter of an hour in ridding- themselves -of a
burden which nobody seemed to want. May
opened at 65%Sj6tic, and touched 66V4c
early, but. the major portion of the rest of the
session fluctuations were between 65%J?66c
The slump which wound up the day varied
May from i 65% c. to 654 c. and the close was
weak, %@lc under yesterday, at 65%@65>*ia
¦The delays and embarrassments of the -storm
had a dulling effect on the corn market and
the pit was j very quiet. ¦ •
:.The -.break in wheat cost the coarse cereal
only a- shade at the end. May closed a shade
reduced from yesterday at 34%(g v 3sc.
Oats were inactive, remaining at one price,
23%e for May, throughout the session. The
clone yesterday was 23%@23>4c..
- Provisions were weak. . There was scattered
liquidation throughout the day and little out-
Bide demand. On the decline there was con
siderable stop-loss selling by commission
houses, which helped along the weakness.
There was come demand for lard early against
foreign acceptances, but this was soon satis
fled. May pork closed lie under yesterday.
May lard 24R5e down and May ribs 6c de
pressed at $5 75®6 774.
The leading futures r»-ged aa follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. I— . .
February ' .... $3%
May «« «64 65* 65V4
July 66T4 «6T4 68 «6V4
Corn No. 2—
February .... 13%
May 85 854 J4% 35
July .' 85V4 8554 35 85
Oats No. 2— .
May .... |8H
July •• ••;"* M * Mtt 22*
Mess pork, per bbl— •:.-.. . .
May 10 70 18 70 10 60 10 S5 •
July 10 72ft 10 72H 10 67V4 10 60 :
Lard, per lbs — , •„ s .
May 585 685 $ 774 5 82ft
July 6 92ft 695 6 87ft 690
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 680 5 82ft 875 E 77ft
July : 582 ft 6 824 5 77ft 680
Cash quotations were as follows: -Flour, dull:
No. 3 spring: wheat, 62V4@63c; No. 2 red, 66% Qi
CS4c: No. 2 corn, 33%@34c: No. 2 oats. 23®24c-
No. 3 white. 24%<g25*ic; No. 2 rye, 65c; No. 2
barley, 36*??43c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 60; prime tim
othy need, $2 3502 40; mess pork, per barrel.
%'i COfflO 53; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 65^5 70;
short ribs sides (loose), $5 65*05 !>0; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 6V4@64c; short clear sides
(boxed). $'> 85(55 95; whisky, distillers' finished
Roods, per gallon. Jl 23V4; sugars, cut loaf,
$6 05; granulated, $5 49. <•-.'."•
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 67,000 47,000
Wheat, bushels 42.000 67,000
Corn, bushels 678,000 199.0C0
Oats, bushels ....431,000 . 215.000
Jtyr. bushels 4,000 3,000
Barley.- bushels ' 138,000 53.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the butter
market was firm; creamery. . 18®23c; dairy,
15>i*^21c. Cheese; firm, 12013 c. Eggs, strong;
fresh, 14tfc.
Boa rd -
Board-
Street—
s
Su. Mo Tu. We Th. Fr. Sa. © * March 1. *
"~" . : 1 2 3 "* First Quartei
: '— - 9 • March 7.
J- _L ; 1L _1 H ± Ji <S3V *uuMuon..
11 12 11 14 15 16 17 • W March 16.
3- -* First Quarter,
9 • March 7.
10 /Oi •* ua Moon,
1T - March 16.
IS
gjggj.gjpt
.25 20 2? 23 29
SO 81
©New Moon.
March 30.
Steamer. Destination. J tetift . | Pier.
Queen Vie A Pfrt Sd. Mar. 2. 10 am Pier. 9
Corona. San Di^ico Mar. 2, 11 am Pier 11
CocuKle Rr Grays Harbor Mar. 2. ...„.:..•.¦
Samoa Humboldt Mar. t 10 am Pier 13
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 3. ¦* pm Pier J
Arcata ;.... Coos Bay. Mar. i, 4pm Pier 13
Bonlta (San Pedro..... Mar. ' 4. 9 am Pier U
State of Call Portland Mar. 4. 10 amlPler 24
Orizaba ....IHumboldt..... Mar. 5. I pra|Pler 9
Pomona ... San Diego...,. Mar. 6. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt Mar. «. •am Pier 2
Am. Mara. China* Japan Mar.. 7. lpm PMS3
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 7. 10 am Pier »
Australia .. H0n01u1u...... Mar. ,7. 2pm Pier 7
Curacao ... Mexico. Mar, 8. 10 am Pier 11
Acapulco .. Panama Mar. t. ]2 m PMS>
Coos Bay... Newport. Mar. ». Bam Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland .". Mar. 9. 10 am Pier 2*
O Time ¦. Time ¦ • Time • : ' Time ¦•' : ¦
Z. ¦ Ft. — — Ft.. Ft.' — Ft./
.? ¦ t. w .. n w i. w . h w -.
1 ... 6:00 . J..S M:I0 8.7 5:J3>.4 11:59 5.S
J ... 5:50 : 0.» 11:15 ».5 6:01 0.9 Ji.... .:...
. . H W I* W : H W I* W
« -;»; 0:35 ».« «:SS 0.« 1:12 5.2 «:« l.»
4 ... 1:11 5.7 7:29 »S 8:12 4.8 -7:22 1.9
5 ... 1:51 5.7 8:26 0.4 S:l7 4.S S:O7 J. 4
«... 2:57 5.7 9:33 0.41 4:29 4.0 9:00 J. 9
7.. 3:26 5.5 10:42 0.4| 5:49 3.9 1 - 10:11 . 3.1
'¦'¦ Steamer. .1 ', ::-.' From,,; •••.¦,•..¦ I - £«•»•!
Steamer.
I
From.
¦ .oiniaur. .. •. i , .;.¦ m i.;»w.-, ... i —•*«¦•
I-eander ..; Kotchlnotxu. „;...'....'... Mar. I
Coqulll* RlTer..|Gray» Harbor-.... Mar, I
State of Cat.... Portland.......;... Mar. \
Point- Arena Point Arena ..--..(Mar. X
Arcata Coos Bay............ (Mar. I
ProgTeso ..' [Tacoma Mar. t
San Pedro. [Humboldt .;..... 'Mar. 1
Bonita .......... [Newport...; .„ Mar. t
Washtenaw ....'Tacoma, ,--. Mar. 3
Curacao ...-..¦.¦• 'Mexico ,. 'Mar. 1
South Portland. 'Oysr-r Harbor ~ 'Mar. J
Mackinaw !S*atti« JMar. >
North Fork :Humbol«t..... ,Mar. 3
Walla Walla... | Victoria tPue« Board Max. 3
Orizaba iHumboMt * — Mar. 3
E. Thompson.. JOyster Hirbcr...... Mar. »
Aloha Cr»»e»nt City....... Mar. 3
Wlilamett* 'Seattle, .[Mar. J
Stratbfryle China azvl Japan. .^ iMar. X
Emplr* ...:... ..;Coos Bay |Mar. S
Pomona ..'. ;f-an Ii!»?o Mar. t
Matteawaa Tacoma iMar. ?
Cxarlna IPus-t Soond Mar. 4
Crescent Clty..:Cre«eent City , !Mar. *
Acapnlco ....... Panama _....... Mar. 3
Hathor 'Europe Mar. 5
A. Blanchard..'Ccc» Bay ; Mar. S
Coos Bay Newport..;"....,.; «. Mar. 9
Columbia ;Portland ..;. Mar, «
Aberdeen • .! Pu*et Sound.: ¦......:.. Mar. »
Senator .._ Seattle „.-..... Mar. «
Samoa ...iHuciboldt .-. Mar. *
Corona ISan IMego '...».• : Mar. 9
City of Puebla! Victoria &. Puiet Sound Mar. ' 8
Mariposa [Sydney Mar.: »¦ games' at; Mott-Haven, '. which occurs
'every yean .-In/.these games all ¦. col
leges.!ln the /. Intercollegiate Associa
tlori wilicornpete.". 'r'..- " ¦' '/•'•' ••'.'/!'••¦
.¦ : California.' ¦ has / been/ ¦ lnylted- :' : by
Princeton ;.to make .Its- headquarters
. .with them.. and. will probably : do/so.
The team will; leave/in the latter part
of April. It is estimated that $4600 will
V be.- needed, and-, this '¦ has.- been :ippor
; tloned-^jISOO from .'gate- .receipts"; $1500
from the! alumni and $1500 from the As
¦¦ sociated Students;/ ¦¦'•ri-Vr ¦:' • '-¦ -. ¦; '-" : ':¦'.-. : .V '<
¦ \Th« CaliforfiianV. the student ,: daily
: publlBhea at Berkeley; contains the fol- 7
•lowing article on. the., personnel of th« :
.team and lts'plans: /.; : : :'~:': ..\-'j w i'i:fi;-;
; ..'California had a;strpng team . In 1895, hut •
, we hayo .' prospects of a :' far;' stronger .team '¦'
•;th!s ¦ year. Conservative- enthusiast* V con- -
'slder that our .team's average:. Ability 1?'
equal If not. better thah-that of 'any :col-.'
-.-•lege". In .'..•America, "with .the •'exception' .'of
' . Pennsylvania. ' -The -team '.would •. probably.
consist/ of ten ' iren/;. Amoni • these would;
. be. Drum for the. sprints," Hoffman .for ; the-'
¦ pole .vault.. .Ben. Bakewell .Vf or •• the hurdles, .
•',Broughton for the broad' Jump, -'"Plaw for'
. the. hammerr throw,'. Woblsey-..for'vthe shot-:
•put,' Squires^ for '..the -distances and Cadoganr
'..for .the;quarter-mlie. ¦' .All : of,.: these. ¦ arej
: ; capable of ' competing. In other eYenu'beside
¦'their :'6peclaltles.-"'.' California: .knows : WJhat
"-'these- athletes" have done- In the "past -.and
/•can. be "sanguine that, their best; is..yet';t(>'.
;'be. shown, .'tVlth college 'support.; arid ;en-'
'•. thuslasm' behind'- .'them valid/- success and
«lory- before /.them our; team- ought, to-.- make
.'.¦' a- record that has": never been surpassed ' by •
.-.any lridivldual ; athletic':; team;:.lnr; Amirica;'
.-¦The.'c6HeKe^lt'self : ''w6uld;'be^
• " : yanced !in .'¦ the -. Estimation ... of; nil;-. Anierlcan
5' -^universities;:." Pacifier: Coast: tennis ¦ m«n ;have :
1 demonstrated, that . they.-are riotj. f ar behind
S; 'tbe. ? >East.V;'.'^''r : ;fMtb^li:->t«ata^'haaf<' : '«iarned : '
'/•[the "rlght-Vtolje, classea : a:mong- the', 'nation's
¦- best. 'The track team : ji now; ready to 1 ihow
... America ¦ that^th'ey ; are T .;flt.*to: be ¦> ranked'
¦:' among tha champions. ' '¦'.- .'*;'-y.'?'j - ';. ;'T. ¦:..".'/'¦":'.'.
eERKELEY, . Febi 28.— Thaj Uni
versity of .California will .send J
a crack- team to compete with
the great Eastern colleges and
sustain the record: that was made on
the occasion of the first trip In 1895. At
that time California returned with the
Western intercollegiate ' championship, •
the defeat of Princeton and . two ties
with Pennsylvania. It Is expected that •
the University, of California will dp
even better: this year. • .'••¦•••••. - ;
'. Manager Decoto Is now. selecting his
team and making dates with the East- .
ern colleges. for meets as a' result of
the ' decision -reached last' night • that
the team should go.' The first thing
.necessary waa. to have the. University j
of California .reinstated In the' Inter- .
collegiate.' Athletic ¦¦.Association,' from
¦ which -It. had. been.: dropped owing ' to ¦
come technicalities/ There waa little
difficulty • about thls t and Manager'
Pecotp, has : received, notice of the rer-'
lnstatemfent. . Now dates, are. being;ar
ranged with ' Yale.Prlnoeton.'.Penn- '
Bylvania,-:the . University ; of Wisconsin :
and the University of MichIgun'.-;There
vwlll bo. a ."triple-., lii'eet : between Callfor-...
!nJa, : ,:Cornell y ; and-. : ; Columbia colleges,'"
the : ;Rg.reement.; : 'fdr ;.. which' -has been "
made, but the date of : which A has not
yet been set- "Th«. great meet Of all'
will ;b9: at the -general intercollegiate :
CUT OFF SIX
CHILDREN AND
FAVORED TWO
Julia* Brand Did • Not Want
Pet Daughiersfto^ork
/ '¦;•: :> 5 for tHe: Others;' ;
She/: Appointed 'Her Brother i. Their
Guardian ' and Made Several
Peciiliar: Provisions in
| "o.'HerJLast ;Will. ; -•¦;/ •-;
Qajcland Office • San Franclßco, C»iK
¦• • . •.•..¦;;; 1118, Broadway, i FebJ. 2s. ;
:^rsl Julia Brand, T?ho. died- in Fruftyale..
February' 2o; 'did hijt-proposetolleave htr
two minor daughters to the mercy. of her
six other children or allow., them .to • work
for others after she' was - dead and ¦' gono:.
.Moreover^ .in 'her;; wlili :; she reniemb'ered
her- six- .adult /Children- with inoiriinal ¦ be
quests of $1 each r and left ythe residue' of
hersfeveral:; thousand, dollar estate:' to the
;two'.- minors.- : ; ' : ~i '¦¦'. :"*-. '.¦¦ ¦ ..•"..--.¦':=' ¦¦ '.'.¦.[¦ v '•^¦'
... Mrs. . Brand was tS years old. when • the
died. . She was one of thi». earliest settlers
of :-Frultyalel' ¦ To-day ' her win," dated.Oct
ober 23, 1690, was offered for: probate by
Albert. D. Williams, whom- she. named'as
executor.-';' ;••:''. v.':----^. .'rr-V -¦••-•-". • -.
The will waa witnessed by Attorneys O."
Q. Dodge and :F. W,. Fry; and by.its terms
$1 each is .bequeathed to Johanna. >Vil
viiams, Philip Ruppi. Julia :C. Lamp, Anna
Mary Harwood. Barbara vßrand >.nd
/ Teresa '.Elliabeth 7 . Keened The oresidue. of
¦ the' estate is -.devised to Julia and. .Hen
rletta Brand, share and share alike: : •,
".' Jacob Scheithe;, the dead-woman's'broth-
er. Is named as guardian Vof the persons,
and estates of the two minor daughters.
"I particularly request of . and-direct j>aid
guardian^'', recites the.-will; "not to allow
said Julia and Henrietta t6 work for any
'.other, of,- my. said daughters; -.:-I . further
request; and vdiF.ect'- the; said. -guardian to
'.give my said, children Julia and -Henrietta
.'a- proper support' and' -good education, to
-be provided, for. and -maintained. out- of the.
'.funds, assets and' prppertyi.of.'my estate.'-'-
The estate includes. a : ; handsome home-.-ln
Frultvale. . •• •"' .'¦ : : : ¦'.-., ;'•-•"-;'-••.—' • •• •.:
:/The will of Mrs.' Jennettift H. Hopps. who
< died in Alameda February. l2.. was.flled for
probate, to-day by George H,.Hopp» and-
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL* ;• ¦
li-F Martin. Tulare .
J Roche, Rio Vista . •
Mrs. Brown, S Jose .' -..
M"D Flowers. Pa.- ."• '•
L D Ulrichs. Plttsburg
P-Kirig,-. 6 Rosa
C U .Watson, V/allejo :
J : . Anderson." Modesto •'
D M -Parker,.- Lbs Ang
C.F Da-vidson, L.Ang-i
H O Fleming. Va .
M Oppenhelm. N V¦Y ¦ ' . '
M R Schneitxer, NY
W F Graham, Cal-
Miss M Barr, Minn '
A R : Shea, Indiana-
G Wells,. San Mateo" '
Mrs N Xenis, Seattle:
J W Martin & wj-. Cal
B D -Fleming, Va -.= .
GRAND HOTEL.
J. E Ruffln;' Seattle .-' . j
JE Davis. Gal •.'-¦"-
M T Thurston;:Cal ¦'. -'
II X Shead..' San-. Jose
B B SaGkett. Winters
,R . E ' Kent;'. Sacro.: ' ' ¦
G ¦ Pollifck. ' '
A- G.: Bennett,. S: Jose
W. M .Burdlck;. Tesla.
B Whlppl«i.,vi)ep6tb- .%.
T; F-Ricks: Eurekk
G B 'Halt, .wf..' Eurika
A ".• Khle;. Chlcaeq : - ' ¦ . .
.T';H'-Barclay',.'i^o3 .AHg
R : J Jordan. ;,N'.Y- --.'
G. Blebotd,-; St Louis'
Li :E Williams,. Wihnpg
F. V T6rnr>kln./'Kalam«
M'B/Montgomerj'.- do. '
G W Rice. -Chicago :. :
G. D Taylor, wf. St PI
G. B ¦ Ellis; -Reaianda '/•
J '.Thomann.-. St.' Helna
E^ T-Garyer.-'HealdbrK
B . H Blssell; Mirineaplj.
J • J: Morey; -Watsonvtlle.
C L Blnshamv-.wf;'. Chg;
D J McFall. :Nev.Qlty
FA White, wf,/ Everet.l
F'.. A -.Mann. -. Chicago- :'
L "-Coheri,'-'-&hf6airo.' •¦/
J Melneke, Cal -. -V : ' '
W A Dana. St Paul .
O"ff'DavU..San Jose..
J T Grace. S Rosa ¦ .
C J Hood. Nev •¦ -
Miss 3 H Drala. Lckfd
Mrs W'• A . Root, -' Porte
Mrs •W- A Root. . Ptrvle
C- IftertV Santa: Crus ¦'.
T H . Slmbndß. • Gs . Val
J M .'Bell. Kihrniaa •'• .:;.
L.''B'.MaUory.'.Los Gato
Mrs- 3. M ¦• Wllklhspn; "
":•; "•
CG Martin, wfi Petal
J P : On>tott.' Xapa ;• .
C.N. "Mills. Denver.
H Grunt.. Wood: •; S
CD Hayward, Woodsd
E'lt Thomas..N' J. ¦"¦¦ f .
O J Larson, todl .. -.'¦ ••
H E BurleiKh. wf. Mon
Mrs RossV Auburn. .-:.:
O F Kotelstrand, Cohn
.W C Christopher/;- ¦ wf .- ;
¦ ; lioaVAngeles'... •.•':•>
J. Blair;. ¦. Plaeervilie -?
J' W- Boweh. lios Ans
¦T G V Walker. 'Watsrivie
T/S Enrisrht. Sacto .. ¦¦¦
W -Wirsori- Jr^ Newcstle
R :W: W- Skinner.!- MarysVt
Gus- Panshaw. -Eureka
PAUCEvHOTEL.
Dr A G Brpwer, N X .
G F.Scbtt.U S. A. ¦¦¦,'.•
O Li Sbauldlnc. V- S ?A
Dr J II Payne JfsVSSti
J C Baker. Cht6>-- :; -..-.i
Mrs J C Baker. \ Chgo : ;\
H J : StevB.tT?; l^os Ang
S ' A HutchlnsOn.'.Ne.b',
j.woiff.:; N-T-- -..•-.•:?:¦
F ,A : 'Waldner. Clhgid '..-
A BilcCreery, Cal i .
Dr^A O B.rpwer. N; V .
G G : Scott.- Alcatrn*'' .
O R Spauldlns;. Cal.'./f
G • Ha rt,:- Denver ¦ ' : ' : ¦'.
li'-J : -MacTitrtand.-.Cal'-:.-
F'G " Bonflli'-.Dehver -¦ .-.';
Mrs F G Bohfll.:Dfny»f
BMalone,' Denver '-.' -.••
Mrs -B Malone.' :penveri
S A D Puter.: Portland
W ¦ McLaiiKhllh; ' Sacto-
Mrs- W -MpLaughlih;
:-Sactd/:'-.-:: : ..-. /¦ ¦ '
J :.F.: Mannlnr/'Maw/-.
C -Dunphy;' Cal -.": • •'. :
F¦ J Brandon,' : S • Jo#» '.:
A -M- Bergman. S Jost
J a.Coriedon; : C»l ¦• " :¦¦¦
P R. Jarboe.. 8 .Mater. ;
J'C FltTpatrlck..N- Y
Mrs- J Gillesple, XT.
Col WF Brooks. -Yuma
W T.Camp.U S N •"•:.¦
GW Reeves. U S X ¦'
TV Flint Jr.' S Juan--..;-'
A v?»ieman,V /Vallejo-. L
D: \N. Crouse;. N . V - : V
Miss: Crouse; }tf V •• .'
F' II Thomas. '.Los '-.Anff
Mrs -JK H Thomu.L .'A
J.-:.E Dwlffht, N V .-.
L '.-E . Stevenson.- li Ans
J Hudson. NY— . / •
W ; M AHls, Wisconsin
Mr»;W M AlUs.Wl*.
Mrs-C •P: Austin. . Wis " .
W- A .Maaon. Clijo ' •
Mrs W. A Mason. Ch«^j
Miss H: Drtseoll; lowa
Mrs R Weigley, -lowa- •
E T. Gall. Cal ••¦
F H Newburn. Cal . : -
E M. O'Brien. Ch *»¦-•':
J' a: :Dog;herty, Chuo
E Campbell, 8 Jose --
J V Gottschalk. N V
Mrs! J V .Gottschalk.
-'¦NY.- ...v ¦,-.¦.. ; ¦¦.
Mr» J C Fltipatrlek;
Buffalo ... ¦¦.¦¦.¦.¦:.•. •- : ..'•¦ ..
. BAY. AND BIVES STEAMER 3.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.'
Steamer- "Mbnticallo."
MOM., Tue».. Wed.. Thura. and Sat. at 9:43
J. za.; 1:13. 1:30 p. m. (ex. Thura. night): Frl-
ays, Ip.m. 'and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m. I
p. m. Landing and offlce. Mlsslon-str««t Dock,
Pier No. 1 T*l«phone Main 150*.
fARS ?....
Opening of Washington Street.
''• OAKLAND,. Feb.- 28.— The Street Com
mittee met to-night, and recommended -to
the City Council the. adoption, of a reso
lutloniof '•: intention • "for the ;¦ openinK -of
¦"Washington:.- street-"'"' from ;•":.- Fourteenth.;
through the City Hall plat,: to San fablo
avenue at Fifteenth.'. There/was consider
able discussion, and Attorney Snook; on
behalf of XL Dunn, owner, of the north
west corner of Fifteenth street and San
Pablo' avenue, .Urged that the proposed
extension be made obliquely so as to not
Interfere -with that corner, but ; this the
committee. would not entertain. ..:¦-
• There Is noihlnc like. ELECTRICITT '.to put
life vim and vigor into weak- men, or women.
Drugs give bat temporary- relief; -act' merely as
a stimulant, " but Electricity flies to. all .weak
parts of. •' the i body. Imparting , nature's force
thereto and doing the required work surely and
tri' a' permanent manner.- -;If ° "run 'down's In
health and strength you had -better try Ele«-
tricity.' 'Use an Electrio Belt, for -that Is the
best method of applying It: but be sure you : get
a good one while you are about It: In short, try
"Dr.- Pierce' s." for it Is guaranteed tobt the
best Electric Belt on. earth. °-o ¦ = = J ¦ °
C7"Booklet Ko."> r* .'free at c offlce or sent by
mail for a Zc stamp, tells all about It. 9 Address
PIERCE' ELECTRIC : CO.,
tt» Market street. BAN FRANCISCO.
H Tribune Bulldin*, ° NEW YOJBJL
S With iViouthpiece I
I iOcents ibirlO I
IHi Monopol Tobacco Works
. . . \ FRESH AND SALT. MEATS;,: '.¦¦.';
1 1 C R ATF^k R fft Bhlppin* Butchers, 104
JA> DUlEitt tO-» Clay. TeL Main 1284.
&f^.ffZW2\%ili i The s - s - Australii
iP^IJ Bi fil ?S 15. saIN for Honolulu
¦ J^B i Wednesday. Harch 7.
IPP* T^" r*s: *• »' J p- ny ." .
;« ;^Vtßr AMMmSnine-' "* lls via Honolulu an>l
3»*y Auckland for Sydney
.\3tff^- ' (OtfldWUh March a."
;.^~.' .-* •"• ~ r it Ip. *m»
¦¦' Favorite line around the* world via Hawaii.
Samoa. Xew Zealand. . Australia. India. Snea.
England. "etc.: »«10 first class.
L U. Sf MfitKELS ii BKOS. CO.. Agts.^ 114 Montgomery
Pier ?. Foot Pacific St. FnTiQhtO«Qc?.327 Market St.
Miss Jollymour Succumbs.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 28.— Miss Agnes Jolly
mour. the young, lady who was so horri
bly burned by an explosion of. gasolin*
on: Monday afternoon, died at 9 o'clock
this evening, after suffering nearly two
days from her burns. « v .
¦-'¦-: ¦r.rr.'-'r COPPERSMITH. : :^ ; >'*.-
¦JOSEPH FOX. Bupt. '.-,:' H. BLTTH. ¦ Mgr. ' '
r W CMITH Ship Plnmbins;, . ¦ Steamboat
VV - Jill 1 li> and Ship Work a Specialty. IS
and 18 Washington st. Telephone Main 5641..:
TOYft HSEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL," LEAVE ' WHARS*. COR-
oer;ot First and Brannan ttreets, 1 p. na..
for YOKOHAMA and- IIONGKONO. cailin* at
Kobe '(HtcEO), Nagasaki -,and" Shanghai, aad
connecting at. Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia. .-ftc. No ¦cargo received on board on day
of •sailing ' " \<"".- '. . .
AMERICA. MARl;......:,;'W«Jnes(Jay. March T
HONGKONG MARU, Saturday. March 31
NIPPON MARU:-....,.:.^..W'edncsdar. April a
".-. ;¦'• -*"• .» v Via • Honolulu. , • ¦ .
Round- trip ¦ tickets "at reduced rato.i. Far
frelsht and passage applj* at company's office,
421- Market «t..- corner First. > ¦
r- •¦¦-*. • VT.-11. AVERT. General Arent."
mmmom
6e ; responsible houses; S
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
'VV- ¦:-¦}.};:[ '-''¦ on Application. ;v • ¦ * : ---[ * ¦
FAT VRETTOS THREW
FLESHY HENRI PETRI
OAKLAND. Feb; 2»— The catch-a»
ratch-can -. wrettlir.g match between
Psodln Yrettos and rtcnrl Pfitrt -at the
j:xpositlc!n building to-night was won by
i he former; ln two straight bouts out of
three. The first bout lasted 23 minutes.
trie second IG. ' .The match was most
•r.ique. Vrettoa weighed 340 pounds and
•.he vanquiehed Petrt .333. The features
were the porpoise puffs in the sea of pers-
I.iration that flooded.; the stage end. the
rteara that rose from, their bodies like
vapor fiom a hct/epricgl Harry Geldcn
r?fere*d. and the match /was for a £25")
'e'^e was" and the. gate receipts. The
preliminaries were .by • Ilarry Platt and
jlarrj- cir>\Af>xi. Chapp'.<i Portos and Jockey
FTed'Maynard and Connelly and Talt. ; • :.-
FIRST REAL ESTATE
SALE OF THE SEASON
OAKLAND. Feb. ».— William J.Dlnree
announces the first real estate auction
¦rale of the season, to take place at the
salesrooms, PO3 Broadway, Saturday ait
r-rnoon. March 8. The property to be of
fered at the special credit sale— one-third
cash, one-third In twelve months and bal
ance In eighteen months— includes '•' -a"
Washington-street business corner, many
choice residence lots and several cottage
homes./ ,::.:.. ; ••-..•/....- -..;/..-.-
''? ';-¦¦ ]If Jesus Christ xs-ere to come to tiiis earth in this day and age
he might be a professionalman or a business man, but lie could never
become an office holder, for^ he would^^ never be able to get a nomina
tion from a political party.
AKLAKD, Feb. SB—^There have "been .many different ideas/ advanced
// . y(' in many different /ways^ as/to .what the Savior might do /were/he to
' I Jl come *KBdn to thief earth and be confronted: with the conditions of
s^-^r the present day, but none. Of these ideas have, .been .more remarka-:
•• ; , ble than those of Mayor ii. W- Snow of this/ city, as advanced at
th« annual/gathering of the Brothefhopd : of Andrew and Philip In Alameda
. last evening. Mayor Snow made a few remarks; along this vllnev -but treating
!.H from a political, point .of view., as he ..was /Justified jiv -doing, .being the
elected Mayor of a^^ large city, and nls most remarkable statement was that
•quoted. above.:-'-: '¦ ':¦-:: ~\y ¦¦] : /:V~ :<¦'-'¦:;¦':: ;- : -\'?.:'\- V-i'-!^ ' ;•; I:'". :¦:}'.¦¦ '¦ ¦'¦ ¦'•'•"•":"¦•¦.¦•• ' : "'.•;'• " : - ':':]¦ ¦/.;."•';
•- Mayor Snow was .Invited to speak Immediately/ following Dr. Thomas Ad/
<*!«=on. ¦ Dr. Addison had. In the course of :-hls'.- % remarks.v;wdd ; .V.jthat : :"^had Jesus
<'hrist been ;on earth In^ the present -day^ he would probably; have ::'b'een-ia;''pr6- :
¦j+ftfirjivai • -jnmii f*>? 4^'* <I l*- '-Kft^wjS^n^'.ff'^w^ ** >^'! F>l^r!^'f^^.t.^!s' 'y^N^ljtTfltnO
- • -Th^n came : Mayor Snow, and following Dr. Addison he added the political
idea, *a>-ing- ."If Jesus Christ -were to/; come to this eirth in this day and
a^e he might be a professional man/br a business man; but: he could Vneyer
become an offlce holder, for he wbuld never -be able to. gei : a nomination
from a political party. : The >elflsh politician of ;"; the present : day does not
want Cnrlstlike';men.'' ; //:'X'.:.-...r. -¦•/;;//:/ ¦y^C'-.'y :-:\- -:: ; : : V ¦-?:";¦/} [: ':./'¦! V/ : /:/..v : '.'~. ".:.;¦
DROPPED PURE
CARBOLIC ACID
IN HIS OPTIC
Mistake Costs Dep
\ /, : uty ; ; Attorney) };.
Melvin Sight.
He Picked.; Up ¦. the IWfong-M Bottle
;:,' for^.ih©. Purpose;: of Applying ;
.:¦'¦'¦' ' : -\ : iiotion/'; tp .'•¦ His' y/'-.< -.
•¦ f y/ : '- '•.:•' ¦-"•:/; EE y es - ¦¦ : i" • ¦ ¦- ' >*. ¦'¦ ¦¦Vv-:"!"-^ ¦ -" *¦ "v:
.-•"¦•.-; "¦ /: . : •¦'';•'¦'' .'/-'V-'- '¦''¦.'*'.-- ¦./"/ :' ' ; : : :\ ¦:'¦¦
¦ '. J OBkiinA Otlict Brxi Francisco Call,
.; ,' : - -¦: ' ¦'/¦ '. : /:'¦¦ .'.llW Broadway; Feb,2B.;'
. Through^lnadvertent handling of bottles
Chief : . Deputy ./ District Attorney • Hi'-JL
Melylri had his right eye seriously burned
this morning by carbolic acid. For a time
the total loss of sight of the injured organ
was feared, with sympathetic trouble to
the left optic, .¦..""/' •: '.•-¦;.¦-•¦ ¦¦'... - ¦'.* ' • :
Mr. Mel\in had been using an eye lo
tion, and this morning started to apply
some by means of a glass dropper. Acci
dentally-he picked up a small vial'of.car
bolic acid instead of the right bottle and
dropped a small quantity of the burning
fluid into his eye, only, then discovering
by the intense pain the ' mistake ¦he . had
made. Rushing to the wash basin; he tried
to cleanse the. poison, from -his: «ye,. and
while applying a soothing lotion an ocu
list was summoned.. who by prompt treat
ment was able to allay the corrosive. burn-
Ing and save the eye. ':'¦ .-¦- ;--. : --. ••-.- ¦"
¦: *~The accident was purely inadvertent,"
said Mr. Melvln to-day. "We were tangled
in the house over moving and some way
or another the two bottles were put to
gether In a snial I basket, where IV-had
been keeping the eye lotion. Without pay
ing attention this morning I reached for
a vial and the glass dropper. I did not
know how serious a mistake had been
made until I felt the burning In my eye.
I nearly fainted from the eudden Inten
sity of the pain, but kept my senses to
gether, realizing what was the trouble. !
"Being enough of a druggist to know
the. antidotes 1 tried sweet oil and sent
for an oculist Drs. Chamberlain and
Musser have treated the eye and I believe
the sight will be saved." : .-. . • . •
ANGERED LOVER
FINDS PLACE IN
A PRISON CELL
Girl -Who ;Refused!;tp e^Wed
I > ;Says: She p
¦.'¦'¦ '¦'.••¦ and rßobbed. ..¦•'-":
Miss .Rosa Callahan Tells the Police
.: -..-; a Story of Persecution at the /;.
'¦¦ ;;¦;•';•'' Hands ' of : .W«OTen :Hv-"\U./'/ ; v
/ : ¦;';;•'- '/'¦¦ •¦ - •xs*or«.
¦•':• ¦ : '"'; A?:"' '¦ '. - * -'- "•¦''"•.¦¦-'... :.'. V' - ; y"-'.
: -.. Oakland Offlce San Frarjclscb Call,
.';'/ :'. : ••• ' : 1118 -Broadway,' Feb. 28.: •
•; Warren. M; Llvermore, a young .miner
from Northern California, Is detained; in
the- City. Prison pending the deoision of
Miss Rosa Callahan, a sister-in-law of.
Policeman Lee B. Andrews, -as .to his
prosecution oh a charge of robbery." '¦'-. '"_¦ ¦¦:
Miss. Callahan. has told the police that
one evening last week, while promenading,
with Livermbre near: Lake Merrltt, he
choked her in a fit of anger, and stole two
valuable -Jeweied. rihg» from. her;flngers. ;
Not satisfied,' Llvermore sought to' compel,
the young "woman to marry, him, threaten-:
Ing,. so she declares, to blacken her : chari
.¦ucter unless 'she consented.-. She asserts
that his actions resulted from her . per
sistent refusals to become his wife and
the fact that he became aware she. was
engaged to another, man. . . w /
¦ Llvermore. was carrying- a .big .loaded
pistol when he was arrested, and. one of
the rings which: Miss Callahan- claims
were stolen, from her. was snugly encir
cling one of his fingers. • A pawn ticket
>found in his pocket disclosed where the
other ring had been disposed of In- San
Francisco. , •.:•'.-•¦'• .-'.•¦-
Miss Callahan says she Is , unwilling to
prosecute Llvermore,: being satisfied to
have her Jewelry returned, with' a promise
of Immunity from further annoyance. .But
the police will prosecute their. prisoner for
carrying a loaded pistol.- •' ' ' • -.:•¦-•¦/ "•
• Llvermore does not deny having • the
rings, but says he did ' not rob the-glrh-
He says there was a rival tangled in the
trouble.. .'•¦¦¦. ¦ ¦¦:- • . •'-' •' . •• "••¦ • : - • .'¦•
PUTS KNOCKOUT
DROPS IN HER
MOTHER'S BEER
Alice :;ourphy^ Rbbs v^Her
Parent and Elopes With
Frank Keeley.
Handsome ; Tpung , iWoinan •of Emery-!
¦'-.•. • :•: • viile Runs Away^With. a; Man ¦ .;.. >; '¦¦;
'.''•¦'.'•-':.•¦'..;¦-. /She: Preferred to'^Her.: :;y-:i: ; :\':\ :
:?'¦¦ ¦'¦'¦¦':¦ '¦- -.'-'- : •'.¦HusbandJ't ¦:'.•;;/'¦' '.';.¦'¦':¦-.'.: 'i..
....¦': Oakland Office San FVancisco. Call;
.. : . After: giving^ /her- mother -VknockouV
drops and ' relle vln gVh er bfa :pu ree cc ri
'¦¦ tainirig : |75, .Mrs.. Alice Murphy hurriedly
packed her clothes Inla valise at midru'tfht
last night arid, .cliiriblhg through a rear
window; eloped : ; with . ..Frank Ketley;
; . Whither' the 'elopers', have -gone; -neither
the: mother; Joseph -Murphy,: ths young:
.woman's husband, nor ; any one else knowby
.' Mrs./Mullany, the: mother; conducts /a
small lodging-house on Park avenue, near
Halleck. street. Emeryville, and: those who
know her. speak-well of her.- Her daugri
ter Alice, who is 2i years -old-,- married Jo
seph. Murphy a. race track man,: In 0c
t0ber,.1897.-.;.The couple., however," lived-to
gether only-- a few: mpnth^;. when- the : bride
returned .to her mother's home.' Bhe
.claimed she could not live with her hua
¦.band. •'-••..¦.¦'• ¦ •'. ¦: .- / .'.¦.•¦'.•¦/•• : . •¦•..:•
Frank Keeley;-.the man with wh6m Mrs. 1
Murphy eloped, ls : 23- years. old' and until
last -Monday : was employed' at -the' Jud
son Iron. Works. He. resides somewhere
•in the -Watts tract.. ¦¦' .-;. : ' '.
'•.-¦". I hope I 'may never, see -my .-(laughter
again, ¦ even . if ¦ I¦' aim • her .-.mother,'.. 1 . aald
Mrs.- Mullaily to-night.. "She is my child
•nq longer." • She- knew. this. .man Keeley
from:- childhood. -The. two -used'/ to-, be
schoolmates, and when he came to work
at the/JudBon Iroo Works he frequently
called/on- her. / Last -night- Keeley and
Alice came to my house together. -Idldn't
like it at all, but they induced me to take
a glass of beer with them. ¦ Suddenly I
;became dazed/- They, put 'knockout' drops
or something like that in the glass. I was.
campelled, to- lie down on my bed,, and
while -I- was -lying" there, ¦ completely over
come, Alice took $75 from my. purse; which
was in the bosom of. my dress. It was
all : thei money I had. ; . Then she packed
In a valise what clothing she could gather,
of hers and skipped out through the win
dow..- I saw. no more -of them and .where
they've gone I do not know... I can never
forgive .her. • She .has deserted' her hus
band, as good a man. as ever Jived, and
'she has robbed- her mother.-'who paid for
her education/ and tried to. raise, her prop
erly."^'- ¦¦¦..•*.-•• '¦' ;'.-"';; '.-"'; "¦ ::'¦ '/i-Xy^'rSy: ' :...'¦ - / : --.
¦Mrs.' Murphy, Is^.a decided- brunette of
prepossessing, appearance. • She has large
brown eyes, a' graceful, figure, and has.al-.
> ways' been .regarded -.- as a modost, • quiet,
unassuming* young, woman. .; Her. eloper
ment with.Keeley is the. sensation of.ithe
hour. at Emeryville: . Her- mother .:has fe-<
ported -.the -matter to -the Sheriff;;:.. ¦.-".;
CHRIST WOULD NEVER
GET A NOMINATION
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEiIiLNTS.
General Graham' Reviews the Cadets.
' BERKELEY, Feb. 23.— Major General
Graham, U. =S. V.. reviewed tha cad«t
corps of the University of California on
the campus this morning:. The corps
made a good Impression and was highly
complimented by the reviewing officer.
Major J. R. Moulthrop waa In command.
Cnrnmlnp^.' '¦¦ The estats I« veined
at J4500,c which Is left to her six children,
share and share alike.
BERKELEY TO SEND CRACK
TEAM OF ATHLETES EAST
BURIED HAND PAINED
HIM IN ITS GRAVE
xoiing Man Undergoes ;a Serious/ Qper
/" ation to Relieve H is M iiid.
Carleton McCurdy Had His
\ Amputated H and H urt/ H im. ". .
CAHLETON McCURDY.
. • OsJcland.Offlco San FrwiciFcb Call.
• ¦:••.•¦¦ 111S Broaflway, Feb.: 2S. •
¦ ARLETON McCURDT hashadtis
j^ ". vf. .eg.tlrearra cut oS at the shoulder
\V J5 In order to rid himself of the weird
•^^ idea that his hand, which nad be«n
previously amputated, was paining'
: .m. . So firm was McCurdy's belief that
s aciputated hand was constantly pain-
; g him -that he was willing and anxious
to have the rest of his arm cut off in or
• r to relieve himself of the effect /of his
:•: iKlr.atioa. x-'-.. '• ;. -.-.- '. .¦•/•-••.
cases of this kind ar» not unknown to
:. edical science, but a more strange .case
¦:.eti that of McCurdy Is not of .record In
::r-2Jca] works. It is known by surgeons
• '.at people who endure amputations fre
qiteatlyC believe that the ampuated mem-
I .- pains them after it has been removed,
> ;t a mere pronounced case, than/this Is
: :to be found. ' ». .• ' !¦¦•/-.: /' .' ••'•- •:.••;¦¦•'.¦. *'
McCurdy is £3. years old. and until a few
¦• -"Jtr ego held nightly vigils !n the capa
< .:¦• of wwermnn at the Southern -Pacific
Company's railroad crossing at Seventh
and Webster streets, this city. It was
there In the tower during the long winter
nights while operating the signals for the
local trains with the use only of his left
hand that the fancied horror seized him.
He had been previously employed about
the engines In the West Oakland railroad
yards. -. Ono day about a year ago, while
occupied in wiping between / the driving
rod and wheel, of a mogul locomotive that
was ready to start out on a run, the big
ma-chine suddenly moved about a foot,
and before McCurdy could . escape his
right arm was crushed so badly that the
surgeons at the Receiving Hospital found
it absolutely necessary to amputate the
injured member at the elbow. .' .- .
/ When McCurdy recovered the railroad
company assigned him to have charge of
the Webster: fcjid Seventh, streets' -tower.-:'
house.:- But "soon McCurdy began com
plalninr that the/ dismembered and In
terred hand: still pained him. This weird
idea so preyed upon him that he con
cluded: nothinu les6 than a further ampu
tation would relieve him...;.. /..' ¦ ¦¦'. ' ¦¦-.-¦¦."
\McCurdy was admitted to the Southern
Poclflc Company's hospital in San Fran
cisco; and there : several weeks ago; he
submitted to an operation for the removal
of about two Inches of the stump arm.
Still the .awful hallucination : of the
cramped hand in the grave remained en
graved on his mind.-. -Yet determined to
shake his own belief and ultimately ap
pease- forever his imagination, the unfor
tunate:, young towerman & few days ago
araln submitted to an ' operation. ¦ This
time Drs. Gardner, Lane and Miller am
putated the stump arm at the shoulder
socket. . Marvelous as It appears to relate,
McCurdy declares to-day that the pain
from the cramped and?..buried hand, his
Imaginary,. Nemesis,- has disappeared. In
a. few days ; McCurdy : will be able to re
turn to hlg home; 1319 Ninth street, Ala
meda. •'.•.¦•>-.:' .-:••-. '.:¦'¦¦ '.';. •¦¦¦ •
Commenting '-'on her son's strange afflic
tion and assured recover}'. Mrs. A. C Mc-
Gurdy sEiJd to-day: "The hospital • sur
geons consider It-one of the most peculiar
cases that has come to their attention.
My son us"cd to: say that his amputated
hand was cramped In the (rrave, and that
the flnpers pained him continually. We all
tried; to disabuse /his -mind of . the Idea,
but he would say. that the pain of his
buried hand would drive him crazy. We
hoped that after the. two : Inches were
amputated from the crippled arm :Carle
ton would be relieved, and were surprised
when he informed the doctors that he
was still troubled with the cramped fin
gers. Even the physicians at the Oak
land Recelvlnf. Hospital tried"- to: con
vince xny son that when; his -amputated
hand was burled It was laid flat on a piece
of board co that the fingers could hot pos
sibly draw up or: clench; but It ..was all. in
vain,' -lie always-- complained, and said
rather than suffer during llfe-with that
awful ' thought he would prefer to have
the;armvrempved: entirely.:^- '.;:-••¦ =• :¦:'¦
"We are all happy In the thought that
Cartetoil's .imagination— as, sp.me: of -the
doctors : suggested— has been : finally ap-
Eeased/: : ..Heis:dolng nicely arid .will soon
»... home. - : ag)8.1n.'". .-:.(.";¦¦>¦; ':-''\'<*,'. : :- : ~'': : ' Jr :J'/ :'.''¦¦£*. ¦¦'¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -THURSDAY, -MABCH 1, 1900. -
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
SI An aristocratic bey- |
HKerage -oat" a /popular 1
m. ;50rcups:.. . : .V. .30 cts I
Si I. .No orie "is too rich -to use It-rfor'R
H ; there l> no other quite as good. H
H No one is too poor— for it is the H
911 ' ««it BEATS THE DUTCH.'- I
¦ 1 D/.GHIRARDELLieO.,S. F. |
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
.- -" ¦'* '.' ; ° steamers leave Broadway
|^ '¦• ' wharf. San Francisco: = .» •
|^^_ For Alaskan ports. 19 a. in..
SKjß^ Mar. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Apr. 1.
tyJ^Jaflf^ Chanp- to company's steamers
ImJSQ\^^ For Victoria, Vancouver, (B.
bH|C«4Km! C * I>ort Townsend, Seattle.
i *«fS'S*l( Tai-oma. F.vprett. Aruicortes.
an<l New Whatcom (Wash.).
.' : , /•* 10 a. m., Mar._ 2. I,' 12, 17, 22.
27.- Apr. 1 and every ttfth day thereafter: chant*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ¦ ' , =? •• - .
Fr.r Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2. p. m.; Mar.
5. 10. 13. 20. 25. 30,. Apr. 4, and every ntth Uay
thereafter. .-.<•'• ..-...,'
'For Santa Cruz." Monterey. San.S imeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Lula Obispo),- Oavlota.
Santa. Barbara. 'VentunC Hueneme, Pan Pedro.
East £an Pedro (Los- Ansreles) and Newport. 9
¦&: ra.;Mar. 4. S. 12; .16. 20., 21.. 23. Apr. X. and
every fourth day thereafter. •.-,••' -. .- '• *
' :• For 'San Dlesro.- stopplnK only at .Port Harford
,'(San -Lvis ¦ Obli"I*o). • Santa. Barbara,- "Port Los
Angeles n,hft. Hedondl><Lo!r. Angeles); : 11 •a. m..
Mai.- Si 6. 1.0; 14..15 % 22..- 28,. 30 t Apr. 3., and every
fourth" day- .thereafter. .. . "•¦';•¦• ..•;•:-
.-¦ -For Ensenada.-. Ma^JaTena Bay. Saa Joee del
Cabo. llaiatlan.- AJtata.lA Par. Santa Rosal!;*
arid aiwymas i.Mex.i. ln>; -ra.; Mar. i. and 7th
of- -each 'month thereafter! /-¦ •-"•.¦.'• '.'.•, ' ¦••¦
: For- further lnformaUori, : Obtain • company's
folder^'.'.':'. . ,- -. V . : ' -•= '.•'- =' ~.--- " : . -. .' ¦
: -.The cbrapany r*s'erye» • the right, to. chanc*
steamers, salllns dates' -an.d- hours ofsallinc;.
wlthoHt rrevlouJi notic*i ¦¦•¦¦•¦ ; .•'•¦"•¦'. ". •• • ¦
TICKET OKFIC.K -=-.4 New Montßomery
street (Palace. .Hotel). {.?*>'** : - ' / . •„ »•'
.GOODALU PEUKINS.A.OO-.. Cen. Arts.. '
- i -."¦:.; :/•.•¦..¦; ..-10.ltarket.st.. Ban Francl»««.'»
V THE o; R. &N; CO! % W >
•¦¦••¦ '-¦' DISPATCH. FAST STEAMERS .' TO .
¦¦¦¦ : -Frbro Sfcear-street "Wharf it 10 a. m.
CAPC SI2 First Class / Inclndlae Berth
THIIL $8 Second- Class •-¦ and ileala.
COLUMBIA saHs.... Feb. : 17. 27. Mar. 9, 1J
BTATE OF CALIFORNIA 5ai15.,,...
;,..-..:..... Feb. 22, March 4. 14. 24
Short Una to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and "all points In th* Northwest.
Through tickets, to all polnt9 East.- -. .
• : ¦'•'¦•- . ¦ • ¦¦E.-C. WARD, General Arent.
¦•' : •-- •'• ••• • : c*> Market stNet.
- .GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. ;•= : :,„ ,
:..-. .-:' ¦...'-••.• . •;:'-• *." Superintendents. '^
/-AMERICAN LINE. ' :
; nw.rosx. souTHAxrron. lo.vdos. pasis.
¦•Btopplngr' at Cherbourg;, westbound., • - -
•. F>#>m .New Tork every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
.Friesland •'..-.".. Feb. ZSfKenslngrton ...March n
New York,... . March 1 New York.. ...March 23
Bt. Paul.-... ./.March 14) Bt." Paul.... April 4
' -.' .;-' .' ?. ''-. ••- RED- STAFf.LINE.=
.'"I.- '.'.'"'/;.-¦ s .New ..Yorl^-'aod Antwerp.- . ? ¦".• .-
: Frbni New.Tprk- every Wednesday. 11 noon. '
Friesland '.:..;.. Feb.' 2Bf Ken.olnjton.'.. March Jl
Bouthwark' ::.March-'7 Noordrand .'...March 2*
Westernland .:March 14, Friesland ....... AprU t
\ ; :.\. ":--". .. EMPIRE , LINE.. = I.--- .
.: / . Seattle. -St Allcrjael, Oawson City.
ForZ:fnlt. Information ' regarding frelsnt aaA
- .-.-". —¦.¦: .-.' pacsaxe apply to • .
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
"¦l*. Montgomery st...or any of Its agencies.
; COAL. COKB AND PIO IROIt . :. /.
I C WII ' *°° Battery Street. •'
J. VnILDUn ttUJ-, Telephone Main 18«4.
-.-: •:•¦-¦,'¦¦¦• PAPER DEALERS. ' ..::
Wlf I k MFTTF ru 1^ -and paper co.; :
niLLAITICIIC -722 Mont«omery st.
.-'; .. '.¦".,.-: '•:: ' : : ;¦ PHINTINX. .'¦••- ¦"¦:'' ?-Jc : yfi
E-C OUUIICJi . Ml Sansome St.. S./P*.
./ '..- . AND PRINTEJJ. : . " •
Tcl<>Krapblc I PAPTPmfiP ¦''¦ ** California
Codes. * AK I KIUUC ..• atre«t.'
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, m h^ e Ela^
DIAMOND COAL, MINING' CO.. at 1U GREEN
RIVER. COLLIERIEB, is the Best Coal ln-tho
market. - Offlce and Yard's — *50 Main street. •" .
'cOMPAa-VIE 6ZHZBALK TRANBATLAKTIQCS.
DIBECT^LINE to -HAVRE- PARIS,
SaillnK . every . Thursday . Instead of <tS£s>
Saturday, from November J. 1539. at "•***«**
10 a. - m.. from ' Pier 42. North Krver. foot of
Morton st.: ¦ I<A .TOURAINE. March 1: LA
BRETAGNE. March J; L'AQCITAINE. March
15> L,A CHAMPAGNE, March 23. First class to
Havre, |C 0 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. .. Second class to Havr». $45: 5 per
cent reductlon"'on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY. FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 : Broadway (Hudson buiMlns). New
Tork. J. F/ FXJGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agent*. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
I/A(>alAP I IWt HATHOK .5300 Ton»
¦ • 3GB A PIS .4000 Tona
I ' Monthly satltng for Valparaiso and Kamborc ;
TlaM«»»~nn "•"¦¦».*Ce- t *ral. < *" r "l> /merfea-etc
•• ;B. 8. HATHOa SAILS ABOUT X ABC J li." .
t. 9. HVUfCXiiS k R3AR. 1 1>_ i;«u, IM «oiljoi»ry St.
BULL-TERRIER CHEWS
JOHN SCHWARTZ'S NOSE
fl' LAMBDA, Feb.' 28.^-John Schwartz, , driver of • a.^delivery, wagon -for-. k
I I ..West End brewery,- was attacked by van .enraged .{bull-terrier ; to-day
/ \ and .had his nose chewed almost off. Schwartz is a dog fancier. and has
|""V. frequently declared that, he was able to tame; the most vicious brutes. •; :
I V- ••_-. Schwartz essayed the role. of tamer; tOrday at Mullev's' grocery,; cor
ner of Santa Clara avenue and Bay/street.: He sought to subdue a bull-terrier
by feeding him bologna sausage. '.This.was aninsult -whicll the dog could not
stand and he sprang at Schwartz, who. was in a. stooping posture. . In an in
stant the. brute, had caught the brewer's nose,. and- if; his teeth had/not slip
ped that facial* adornment would have been completely removed.:: The;dog
was caught, and muzzled by its owner .and Schwartz- was carried home and
muzzled by a: surgeon.' His . nose ', has ¦ swelled to great proportions- and' he
resembles those queer little/fellows ;>vhom. Rip ; Van "Winkle met. ih^the bowling
alley in the Gatskill Mountains, before ;he awakened/ fronvhis long Osleep. :'¦.'¦'.,,
. :."I: ."I guess id vas a case of dog eat dog," said Schwartz, ;Vand;de.bder. : dog
got insulded, I don't know. vlclC I , haf got all -de • dog .1- vant anyhow. . uhd
all de nose I vant too, ain't id ?. ; Id makes no laughing .m adder mid " me .: no
madder how you look ad id— Do doctor .dells me I had beeter .look 'a leetle
oudt fur hydrophobia und I guess I ytll. a leedle vile already yet. Yah.
Id: vas bo funny obber I can't laugh." 1 : -.- . - ..- ¦;'; , ..; : '-.
9-V? • •-.' : v ,' : .HEiP.. .WAHrap^MALE.';.^,-.;;' :
"¦-•.-¦.• -.: .'• ..'T^.^rwANTEr)."- 1 .-= ¦¦¦ ••¦ .- • ;"¦•" ; • • ¦ ;" : " ": "
; ¦:¦¦"¦•/: FIRST-CLASS SALESMEN. . ".'"" '
¦'¦.'¦-¦•¦^ ¦'. GENTLEMEN AND LADIES.- ' •• 1-
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING. TEA C 0,..
146 Ninth- st. • --..^. : ". 521 Montgomery are..-
861 :Market.st; , • •". • r- - ; 353' : Hayes sti ".;..' ': '.:•¦•¦-
210 and : 212 Grant : aye., 218 Third' st. >•;.:.•' '."-••.
705 Larkln'sti :'-.vv— •>.-. 20O8.Flllmpre:stV.-.- : r.;-v.
-l«19-Devisadero":St. -¦- 300«. Sixteenth:/ sti •:'
475 Haieht StY- '.'•¦¦.'.-'•'• 2516; Mission -St. •.••-¦.: -•
140'Slxth.sW:-- •:,¦-..¦" S2SS/Mlsslon 5f.;f , : .:..; A;
.1419 :Poik'st;;3:; ../¦* v;' : ;:; 2732-;Twenty-fourthC;st;;
WANTEDißarkeeper;- NED MEADE,. ;| Loin- ;
y -bard •'• and } Lypn .' sts.;-;Presldlp;'". ¦¦.-} ¦' *;,;. ; .. J < :-;.:.• '.-
WANTED— Partner with;. $50; ; r^good easy- living :¦
: : for two /men:,:-: Box ;4267. : ;Call.pfflce;,;^ -/;':-,..
BARBERS— GPod. paying 'shop;:' a -bargain- .i<y~'.
: day././ DECKELMAN BROS.; 106 Ellis - st:. :':
MEN wanted to' learn. barber trade In 8 weeks;-.
• day ; and 'evening classes;"- special ' inducement
: this season: ; handsome / Illustrated catalor^*.
¦' and-souyenir -free; -only ,"lnstltution_^ln . the ;
'-world : teaching the barber and , ha-lrdresslrig
trades. : MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. «3S
¦ Clay st.Branches--San Francisco. Aeiflort..
VvSt/Loulß. /Chicago; :Mlnneapolls.:v ..¦:;. '¦;-; -¦ '.-./.' V
MEN and women to appoint agents^TS^nonth:,
' expenses;':' steady y positions.;--,. BUTLE.K- -....-*_
-^ AIX!ER. New. Haven, .C0nn. ,..; ¦:.. ':y:-.. --s ".:¦
WANTED-^Labbrers and mechanics / to ; know
•; that Ed- Bolkin;' Reno. House proprietor.. still
' runs Denver House, ;217.; Third st : .150 large;
.^room»:;.2sc/ per/night: ;sltp $2 per: week... ;;.
GET your shoes half-soled, while rwaltinsr: ,25Q
;¦:. to 80c;.' 56J Mission; St.; between Ist and 2d sts,
MEN end women to learn barber trade- at' 3.. F,
BARBERSCHOOL.,74IA;Howard -Bt:yyyy._. ¦;¦¦
LINDELLHpU!>e. ; eorner. : Sixth; and' : Howard-—
1 . Rooms 15c:tp 250 per; night. 75c to $2 per week.
FURNISHED rooms. 75c. $1. $1 25 / per - weeky;
.^METROPOLITAN.: 514 Fourth st. ; ?: :'/':-, .?¦¦¦;
800 PAIRS men' sc shoes./ slightly; damaged^^half .•
' ;• price. - 562 Mlsslpn- st. between Ist and ,2d sts.
PENSIONS— J.-H; SHEPARDJ A; CO^attor-/
/ ¦.;•'. . .,. ney s. ':. Hearst , btdg..;-. Third and . Market.,.
.WANTED-rlOOmeri -to try l our 15c .breakfast.
••: -:dlnner .or: supper; best .In. city., 406 /McAllister...
. WINCHESTER Hotel. : 44 > Third st; /near . Mar-/
ket: 70a ; rooms, 25c :rilght:;readlrig. room;' free.;
'".. Jbni.-and baggage to and from the- ferry. ¦¦.¦¦¦¦¦:¦ ¦-.
HOUSES, ; -LiyE;ST,OqKi;.Etc^-ForSale
io^HORSES • for.Bale; : '.alsQ/;' wagons,/.- buggies, :
¦carts .harness; Grarid. Arcade .Horse : Market '
auction sales every Wednesday.
;;.- BULLIVAN; A DOYLE.: Anctlpneers,; ;V-'-;
60 HEAD fine draught, arid driving horses at
v 1621 and ¦ 1625 . Market :; st . - bet Twelfth^ . and
*. 'Brady; alsp-spme.vflne matched black teams.
CHEAP— Two mares. : 8 years old;/ 40§4 Twenty-
:';Blxth st;?;."' ' : :yy\ -'-¦':-: /-V': '¦¦¦./.. : ."-'- -: . : -.' ¦¦: '¦¦" ¦¦'¦'¦ '-
FOR sale-^-Geritleman's road: horse -and bike
;.¦-" buggy. DALZIEL:: Vet:: Dentist. 605. G. G. ay.
• HbrSES~LOpGIX(G---Fpß "¦'. SALE. --.
DECKER'S BARGAIN B-^SEE THEM. . ¦ ; ' -
;. 80: rooms; new furniture/; .->;v. -.-./.« .;•>;..-... 55500
¦'¦ 8-robm new flat, :;.;...¦..,..:... ..*.;...-.;. ;.i... .600
¦ 26- room house; clears. sloo :;.,.'.:..'.......... ;&>0
" " 110- room corner house ;. . ; . .;; .y.V.V.", ....;... 4SCH>.
62 rooms: fine comer: clears $250:.;.w....'.;.180rt
'¦¦".'24 rooms •¦north: of Market;; clears $125;;., 90a
' -7-rppim house : only ' ; .' . — ;'¦'. w . .'.'.'« i. -i; •>. .;..;; . 150:
• 24 rooms ; easy, payments ':.. . . ;v'.;.. ; ...'.. .-./. . • /800
" : 82 rooms;; oornsr; only ¦...•'.¦.'.«..¦.'••..>. ...:i-i:120e;
v-10 rooms on CFarTell 5t;. ..,'. ;.'.'.. .;.».... i -335;
- '¦lftropms on Taylor. Bt; worth $800, >......-; 430,
¦ 82 -robms: -corner; clears $150;"..-... V..".".'.,..:1500
vi Corner on Market ; clears $100 ; 104 rooms . : 4SOO
: Mod. house; elev.; clears $500; 84 r00m5,,.65C0
Tel. John 61. '¦'¦ ¦'¦ .¦;..¦¦¦-. H.'.C: DECKER.'.";
? ;.. :'•.•¦"'¦-:-'.¦; -.-;" ¦•.;:•;; 1020 Market: st..; opp. Fifth. ;;
MARION GRIFFIN,. 719 Market : st .-. ;': ,'"-¦'¦
7 rooms,' central,, rent $28; N of .Market;, 175
"10 ¦ rooms.- In : good /shape-: paying..™;;. '.¦" " 350.
-' 14" rooms;' full; north of .Market......;... :: 300
¦12 rooms;, full;' south : of .Market.;........ -400.
- IS .' rooms ; ' clears $100; a .: month; .-. ."..-..;... <¦-•:' 1200.
i:: 54 rppms; cjears $300 a m0nth;.,;. . . ..;;.'.'.> 2MO
$1000^LODGING-HOUSE at^lB -rooms; nicely
furnished; no better place far transient-' and
.• ; /regliliar-'tra4e; ; ;nr.\:C^l/.M.'::LES3.',76s,Market-
LODGING -'HpUSES '.and -good- ''HO/rELs:' .at
••'•honesV prices;, money /loaned' buyers. 'Rooms
;. 1 and 2. .917 MarketJst; ; yy.:. ;j -.:'. y---.
BIG bargain;. 23 rPPros. all, housekeeping;, full-
and paying ; cheap rent ! geriu tne snap; :Pa cl flc
.-• -'; Sfates.ißealty C«..r 855 Market: st..; room 320; -
ROOMING houser-28 rooms arid. bath ;• fuli. with
'-"• steady rpbmers;: cheap i" owner /leaving /cltyi
;/;.420rStxth-' at. /r;:.;.::;"-';.-::-',/;; ;y:'- ...'.-;¦¦¦¦ -r-'f. .':,
$20(v-^ll •;' RiOOMS ". . near." Market -st % .all -. rented;.
: :.; : 'mußt-;Belt^;-BASILE.:8/Eddy:rBt. ; .vV--,-:. v -: ;;:.;;:
30-ROOM -lodging"' house ln'.Stockton-- for -/sale.':
:;;AddreBB : ;S;,,M;<PARSONS.. 128 ;EIl|s.8t ¦;..;;*'
14 -WELL furnished rooms; rent $25; no agents:
/:.:856;.H6wajrt ; «t-' tr^y-:-. 1 - ;.-¦• ".•'¦'.: .-.-:¦"¦¦.:.¦ : //.-;'- .r-
S22S— LODGING-HOUSE.- 11 rooms, for . sale;
-bargain. '130 Second' st. : r no agents: '¦;.' .-; - :
: <y,y :y ;'HQCSES'..;.'TO-"'LET.' r ;'-; jyy'PXy
: A^-PRINTED list: houses to let; -send for olr-;
/.cular.'G.-H.. UMBSEN A CO:. 14:Mbntitcmory. : :
3ROAD'WAY,;i925 r bet,Lagunaand Buchanan:
' ' -^-Elegant house of 12 rooms,- bath, -servant's
'¦¦¦ '¦'. room, etc; newly renovated; " For/ further par-
"tlculars/ apply G.H. UMBSEN A , CO.. 14
/"-.Montgomery, st :'¦;.' :' : ;.:^'- :.-y'-:: .-y'- : - y--:--'' '¦:*¦¦''":'¦"¦¦¦:''¦'
AM. SPECK A CO., 667 Market st ; ¦:.¦¦, - "
1558 Fell; 7. rm5.. ..527 50 2428 Geary; 8 rms. slB 00
Jo39 'Howard; -9 ;r.;'2750 4248 26th; .5 rooms. 12 oO
NINETEENTH; 3980,- riear .Noe>r-Lovely sunny
•¦ "lower: 5- room, flat, with room, on porch;; $18;
-^yater; free;.,; ¦¦ , ¦/. '.'; :'--: '¦;."¦ - ; ¦¦-/'.;; v -'....- •"'¦.-¦' ¦-"';'¦- ¦
GOOD flyerroom house f or $3 ; : healthy location.
v 1555 Kearney at./ .y .y-[ :-¦ .'/.,-:;¦,; "-/ y "/¦- .'-:. - .'-,"- /;.'
SUNNY^ I B-rpom : house r- decorated; bathr base-
' ¦•-'merit:-. garden; -large-: yari: ?C2. , 229 Bartlett.
; :¦;'; HOUSES i/TOVX.ETN—KURJSISHED. : -';y : .
FOR : sale-7-Furril ture of .8 housekeeping rooms;
-bargain: --nieely- furnished;; ;rent whole house
¦•.if desired.- 309 Hyde.. from : 10 a.m. to 3 p. m.
V. LOANS ON PERSOXAL /PROPERTY. ;
LOANS '/ to" ¦• sataried ¦:" people ;j personal ; security
;: only^- : TOUSLEY. ; 321 -Parrott. building. ¦; ¦';. -:. -¦;.
•;;¦;;¦- "-j:';:' :; }-.-v:t.OST.' : :;ANp' ;: : FOl7A D. '&.£/. ''-'/^V
LOST— 'Diamond :: stud;, at.- .the beach/: ; Sunday,
• Feb> ":¦ 11;; present-, from wife, now; dead; -very:
• : liberal / reward ; no •'.questions, asked..-" Call :805: 805
'.{Market .5.t.~."..'10. ;av..in;-.tp;. 3- p;;Tn. y <:- ;.;•' :" -V- - ; -,;.;.
.REWARD'of.^io will/be paid. for return of suit
case with contents which disappeared", f tori:
; McAllister-Et./ car. Mondar.-vDr;. Daniel Cros-.
"••:.by,;l23- Ellis ,st v ; NO;' Questions. ;¦¦:¦..;-;,'.;:';: ¦.:-- :'.;/.
BASKET "of iadiea'- -watßts;; liberal reward/: Re-
::.-turn ;to 790, Elizabeth Bt: laundry,;. ' . '-..¦•./
LOST Sunday, = Feb. -25, on, 10:40 ' train: between
¦ ,San- ; Francisco - and -3an;.':Mate6,' a .gold -net
.jeweled purse, -Initials. C;E;SW.;. finder, may;
' •'¦ have contents . If purse is returned '; to owner,
;;' 2407vQctavla-Bty-.- : -;V:'^.>-./'' ; >^/-.'':V;i'. : ,-V:'r/v^
LOST— Lewellyn setter/ bitch; shipping ' tag on
V> neck, with." addiiess. -of ' owner, ;H... AHLERS;
-i Eighth. : arid>.; Mission.//*; Return: for :. re^ward.-V-.
LOST^-Mpnday afternoon;- 1 black 'and -white .fox
;" terrier pup;. female; name '"Beauty;"; Return
¦ Jto 6M;McAlllster: Bt:^Q;,;y-;-0' .:,.-;;;--' -";--;-\':; ?¦';.
LOST— Brown' leather purse/on; Van Ness aye.;.
-bet 'O'Farrell 'and/ California; sts.; ample re-
.;; : ward;;;2ll6 : Cailfornla;/st;-V/.y- "":¦¦".¦:-.¦;.•¦•» -.'- \; ¦-" Vi;
~\~. MEDICAL. '.
DRS. GOODWlN.'. the. well-known ladles' -physl-;
• ... clan; formerly of 401 Vari "Ness; returned; from .'
¦ - Europe with advanced , knowledge ; guaranteed
.'treatment $5: safe and . reliable ."/cure -In ; one
'¦' day;: 15- years': successful practice, lriS.;. F.;'
V- maternity :hori>e;. low fees; /.lOO'^i ;Market. st.-:
DR.': G," yV.. O" DONNELL. : ¦ the world-renowned
ladles' speclallßti-safe.and-reliable: has prac-
-rtlced.in & F. ; for. years;;, treated, thousands of
•¦' '.cases ';' successfully:'.; treatment , can -be used at
: home ;• consultation" free : '-; success/ guaranteed;;
,:.; Write/ or: call >at 1023H Market st..;; :. ; ':y -.;;.¦' .;; ¦'¦,
MRS.? DR. \"WYETH,-;rellable: ; specialist ;, home:
•:: ln-coriflnement: guaranteed treatment -at of r
.'.flee, $5;/ any ailment; -consultation free. /'-. 942
•iPostj -Bti'; between, Hyde.and Larkin. :'.:•"'.-"• ?; ...-..¦.-¦
- ;MRSv--PR::"KOHL;: ladles';-" specialist— Guar^
¦"¦ anteed; treatment -at , Office,: $5: safe; and ¦ re-
, -".'¦liable:' consultation -free.' ,-. 1122. Market ..st;'. bet
. ;,'MasonVand:Tnj:lor::/hours'-9 .a. .m..;tp. 5: p.; m^
; DRi: and .MRS. .DAVIES; ; I22S; Market: ladies'.
• .-' physician;' chronic: diseases. trea ted i'la^sclen-..
: ..-Vtiflc- methods: cure guaranteed; treatment.; $5.-.
¦. DR^.'JAMES PIERCE|--iO4- Turk Bt ( : the eminent
¦¦¦ ¦¦female.- specialist : home, or of flee; treatment: $i
. DR. : WISE, the. ladles' .specialist.. 1118 Market
.'• .•;Bt;;every.caBegua;ranteed:sS up.' -/.'.¦.;; .;¦ .;• ;.
DR. .arid MRS:.; M.;WEGENER-^Priyate. home
¦'•¦\in.:cpnflneriient.' .ISIS-Golderi; Gate aye. : '.¦¦:•¦_ :..;..'_.
¦ DR; : WONG, HlM.\herb\ docto^, treatsVali ' dls-
i ease s of the .human:- body-. ./115 Mason ' st .'¦ - - :¦ ;
'<¦¦ :•: -MEDICATED BATHS. - - "V
• ¦ INVALIDS /Who. . find :.no-feliet' from : : drugging
.: ..¦'the/.stomach.-' to .-investigate Dr. -. :Conant'»
•: ;. method of absorption,-, which- never falls. Call'
;. • . or -address •: for. boPklet.,; ! Anldrosls.-.'-47.,P68t.
• ;;:offtce Np..sj' gents' -baths;' 8; ladles parlor*. 33.
' ¦; ;-;-MIS.qEL^
BOlLEßS;v. ; eristlnfes.'-:2d-hand: machinery; ' Mc-
:INTOSH : A WOLPMAN* - 135^ 19 ?^Fremont st.
• BARS, back bars, ' mirrors.'- ¦' showcases, - coun-
• •'¦¦ ters, linoleum;' office furniture, store arid ofr :
: ..'flee furniture .and fixtures; new and >ecpnd-.
t hand.. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
st; above Sixth. --.•.¦•':•.""• :-^.;:-;.v',"vWv''' •
¦ BARS, counters,' showcases,-, shelving, -mirrors/
• bought;- sold and exchanged. .'lo63 Mission. st.
- SAFES.'new and second hand;' all sixes;. "/THE
I : WALTZ SAFE, 103 T lll Market st. Sari Fran;.
FOR Sale or Trade — Edison's moling -pictures'"
¦ machine; 35 good films. 125 Turk. C. TULLI
. A"NO.; 1 Jersey cow and four-day calf;, large
.milker; gentle. . 1312 Folsom st-- ¦.; .-.¦..'
,- MISCELIiAIfEOCS— -FOR , ;.BAIiE.. •••
I' GREAT -Danes. -male and female. Just lm-;.
•ported • from '• Europe; .they are .good :; watch ¦
dogs:' would- suit- for a.large property, • Ad-i. ?
dress M- SAULAGES. 843 Broadway.. ..¦¦;;.. ...-
A— BUYS,- sells" or .rents-g ear machinery-; ,en-. ; .
gtnes, -boHere, '. water . p.lpe. ' shafting^ pulleys, -. .
?*t<i;* WHITELAW. 2ia.;Spear:st- ..;,..; y; : .;y.y:
OASOLINE- enginee, :¦ inarine: • and : 'stationary- •; ¦
second-hand I j- alf sties: cheap; .guaranteed*: :¦
; newell brosu. .1.40 First; ;sy..y :;¦;/:- y^yy:.;
EDISON ¦ concert phonograph^, price .-reduced: to '-
$100; concert records, :'¦.¦».. so. ¦BA.CIQAt.VP^
: '833 Market , st«- San: Francisco.;.., ¦-.;: -..¦ ¦ i.iy:: : .
TWO greyhounds. • arid' /other ' dogs-;- »r?o ,- pamti^'
V:57; Clemeritlna sty betwern . First and- ¦ Second. ,.;-.-
FOR. SALE— Fresh .Holstetn fimlljT .cow ; .. fia« ,.">;
¦'milker^.-. 132:;Nlnth aye.;: Richmond district:' .':>
FOR: sale cheap. -an organ; gboVt for saloon or -
-;prlvate> : ' Inquire ;at;533 Paclflcyst;. ; ; , ,- - '.-.¦¦ -; j .-.-:
FOX : TERRIER pupis; (thorougbired): for sale-: .
¦;;rea>iona:ble^ .2721 /Sutter; »t ; .¦¦;¦/.¦,;; .-.;; .;'':-.-V.-.-. ; : ;: ¦;' .."/',';
COCKER ; sDaniel : Ptips ;. ; .- 4 -months old":.: . fln«
.-: pedigree;. reasonable,,: 732 Pe-ylaadero-.st..'-' .- ,
DOMESTIC sewing machine ; 7 drawers.; plated ; ; :
v v aJmost.new;dheap. 1915 Mission st. near 15th.-.
PR. CREEL Y?S C, P. mange cure; by all drug- v
/gists, or Dog: Hospital. 510 Golden : Gate aye. >
DOMESTIC sewing machine:? drawers; plateU:.
'.'.almost new ;, cheap;; 1915 Mission st; near 15th. .;
ANY parties having Angora goats foe: sale ad-
¦¦dressH... 226 National aye.. San Diego. Cal>\
A 10-TON v : Fairbanks : scale .and-ftrt and; bat*
¦ glar proof safe.t * .California.: st " / '•¦"'',
A— s36o DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75.: Pop-
: :>niar Price Ilattera. 330 Kearny st.- nr.. Plrie./
ONE 4-sldedy sticker; 1, planer and matcher:::^
¦¦"¦ air compressor; ¦": 5 .locomotives/ .220 -Fremont ;":
DRESS pants,;' $2 75;: fine .suit '•' $10" :MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS.. 813 Montgomery st
BOILERS, engines, drill presses,-/ planes. lathes, - -:'
: iron & wood; 2d-hand.: J; /BtTRKE.,I39 Beal.e.
BECOND-HAND machinery^ electrical supplies. -
..¦boilers /and. englneV,.H. S/.Whlte.- 518, Mtaslon. / ;
SAFES-^New " and second -hand; -THE - HER-
I: MANN. SAFECQ..; 417-421 Sacramento:, st./ : ..
Jv ;;;-MISCEtUASEOUB WASTJ. "; -,
WANTED-i-Small'. screw-cutting lathe. 1 or » •'
' -inch BWlng.-ln- good- condltioOi. QSers with '
;¦ price;;at' box 4375.: Call. office; .;;;.¦•¦.;; ; : ;. ;
WANTED^r-Second-hand -upright piano; .- for '
cash; ;H. I* WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st :
SCRAP iron and machinerybbtxght' Ban Fraa-
ctyco Iron Yard. 204 MI"»lon st ¦ - .-•"; - ':.' ..•::.¦
;¦:¦::;; Iyy y^IOXEYyTO ":. LO AX.-; ,- ;-; /•'.¦.• ., ,:--;. : /.;'
AVOID delay; try all others, then see m«; $54 ?
:to $100,000; S per cent : lst. : 2d pr chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided interests la .
¦ estates, legacies and mortgages bourtt;a<lvic*r
/ana money furnished^ Pi A. Dolan.KC Mar«et.';
ANY amount at 6 percent; Ist, 2d arid 3d mprt. : -
'.": gages, undivided interest : : real' estate in pro-;
bate; mortgages and legacies .bought;, no der..
lay"; get my terms before doing business-else- .
where, ,R. McCOLGAX, 24 Montgomery, r. J. .
HIGHLY'- respectable "private; place to obtain >
• 'liberal advances on diamonds, Jjewelry at Iqw^ "..
'est rates. -Baldwin" Jewelry Store. 84« Market •
: st; tel. Mata 1544. Branch ;I». Third st::;,/v.; : :
AN Y- proppsltlpn. any amount; • per cent; first. '.
.: second mortgages;/ estates in probate,'- Interest /.
:,' in -estates, legacies,' ' life : Insurance; chattel
• mbrtKajres; confidential; advice free.'. O. E.
; • OLSEN, ¦ room .18, ¦ first : fjoor. Chronicle bldg. :
MOST reliable place to.borrow on diamonds.'.
watches. Jewelry. W.J.HESTHAL. 10: Sixth?
¦ ' highest price for oM g01d... silver, diamond*. -.
MONEY tp loan on real estate, notes, :bpnds,-
• personal property. . lowest rates; write or call- -
/i:tb 2. DEWINGy 75 Chronicle building.; - \
MONEY loaned ' salaried people without secur- -
. tty.VHiLL, room 44, Merchants' Exchange, 4H :
.^California st"' ':.'-¦.¦¦/'..:'¦'¦-'.: /'-- : .: : - : ' ; .- : ;:¦'-'¦ ¦: ¦¦
ANY." amount by private party, on famiture and
pianos: no : removal; low rates; confidential.
EONELLI. Conseryatorr btdg., 130 Powell st
ON REAL estate, Istpr. 2nd mortgages, arid on :
' furniture or planes; no removal; any. amount;
• lowest rates' BECKER & CO.. 2B MontgomTy.
AT : 12ft' Kearny at*; room 9. : respectabl* privat*
¦: place toborrow on watches, diamonds; lowest ,
3 rates;';, take elevator. Tel. Davis: 995.: . ¦ ¦: • ; ..-
ON furniture^ and pianos -without removal: quick
• • service: money direct; lowest Interest Room a ¦
%68% 68 arid O. . Donohoe building. 1170 Market st; ,
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan.Co..: 336 Parrott build-:
ing— Men ean'secure loans on personal note.; ¦:.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without ;
;.-..' lndorser, MORRELL. ; ft>9 Examiner building.
$50 TO $3O,00D: lowest rates: Ist and 2d riiortgs. ;
anr proposition. PR YDEN./4U Montgomery.
ON furniture.- pianos. : without" rernovalf-, no;
¦-commission; .private. ¦¦* :LICK. 118/ McAllister. :
IF your property Is mortemjred and you : neeJ •
more money see H.: MURPHY^ 63» Market «t.
TO salaried meni without collateral or lndorser:
: other, propositions; ' private room*.. San Fran-
¦ .cisco Discount Agency. 143 : Phelan / bulling. -.-.-
: ; :.::;/;j:;.r..MOXEY;-:WAXTEp,./v:';;^' : '; ; :.:;
CAN give good security for loan of $2000.^ Box;
2714. Call office. Oakland. :"-:/¦: ;';¦:'. ,":
>..'.-;-/.;'¦ MUSICAL ;ISiSfRtMESTS.'.';:I : ' : .?
':'¦¦¦ ': : : — '-C'/';:^' SHEET MUSIC - Vv -'--'-.- : v - :'¦-':' :,;-'
•::>,-¦"' ¦¦'."- ..:¦'.• Half Price. to/AUV- :-;\-;, ;¦;..-:¦
:-:;'-': ¦/:,"'.":/ ¦;¦••¦ :-.: : ¦ -V. At -,' '•! '.-".: '. ' -'- -•: -"'¦¦ '¦¦'¦' ¦ -'"
- --' - : ": ¦"'-•¦ SHERMAN. CLAY 4 CO-'S, ..:-;• X ¦.-'.¦¦¦
••¦"-. '•¦- ' ; -""' Corner Kearny and Sutter Stsw - -? ;.-. v
;". "' Largeat Stock in the Entire West. ' v"; •;;-•
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and ¦' largest ,hous«.
west of Cnicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S,
28 and 30 O'Farrell st: pianos, organs and
¦ all other musical : Instruments of all, grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-.
y thing possible done to please and satisfy ,th».
,;' . customer. .,,;";-..-- ; /.-' .-::¦; ,'.o';-' '=-'¦:- ' '.'¦¦..-'~'-': : .'yr '.'¦'¦: _¦¦¦
KNABE pianos; new scale; new: styles,'. KOII-"
:.:. LER & CHASE. 3a O'FarreU st , :;.:;.;>
ALL Sheet Music sold at half themarke4 pries •'-.
_'•: at MAUVAIS'. 769 ..Market st ; ,y- ~r-y. ¦y-y-.^Jy:.
GOOD square." $50:; /upright. $150;-: great bar-,
* :v/galns,'at:: v/galns,'at: MAUVAIS:,.76S .Ma.rket;V»t. , ¦'.;'¦ , :
THE '.best music -box/in the. wptid is the: Olym—
V -pla;- sold on - lnstallirienta-dr ¦fpr 1 ' cash : • at.'
',: : MAUVA IS',:-;769;->larket;;st.v-.I S',:-;769;->Iarket;;st.v-.: '¦ '¦¦; ;-; v-.;'. : ! .- : .:-. ; ;'. :;¦/..
10 -¦HIGH-GRADE ; new -¦uprights' /• stored- wtth •
¦'¦'-. us from V factory: will .be sold at -faGtory prices
> pri'- installments, or cheap - : for-oaihi ./ WIL--,
, -SON'S .'Storage;/ 1710: Market.; st; ;" V\;;- ' ,'-.¦¦'.¦ ' •*
LA R<3E - stock ' of/Baldwin : arid Other / standard
: i pianos;':prices-. reduced to Insure prompt sales.
">.w;';Cv :.HAMiLTip>f. ; 324; Post-st y y- : -¦ ¦-. ''¦•;- ¦;? :';
¦A BEAUTIFUL upright: Steinway;, used.a.short •
•;• time,', must- be/sold .immediately;;-***. It',tM* -
¦;. : -weeki./Room;lo.;.Flood;buUdtng:; ;; ;;.V -:¦ -v
THREE small: übrtght*. $36 to. $115: stors ppea"
:,; evenings.'; Heine Piano Cb.y 136 Ellis st 'yy':
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer piano*. /Spencer :
::•¦ Warerooms. ; :iSlB -Market:- it,::- \y\'~.}~ : .¦¦;-.;." '¦;.•¦•';:-
DON'T : buy : '- rent: a new piano, $3 per. morith."-
. SCOTT, CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 880/Hayes st
;WANTEDiFptif good square': pianos^ -ai Byroij'
¦"-.; Mauzy's plarip warerboms,.'.3oS ; Post- st."/- ..- : , ¦¦-
SELL' : for :stbrage— 2 . uprights; ..s7s;'-' very :: -:tln» .;
: ,:. Stelnway. .: sl2s; -, WllsPn's- Storage. 1710. Market. .
W :'G-BADGER. 412 ' Sacramento st; -agent for
¦'.-Francis Bacon and. Hallett A; Davis piano*.'. .;: :
FINE" Fischer A. Stelnway -upright:- Bacriaced.^
:¦ KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness : ay*...; nr.-.Geary st '
GOOD upright , : piar.u: nearly riew; '¦ ?."| e|M«JK.*J:
".¦vHORNUNO'S/ZieMcAllister st; i;.y :r ¦.;..-.¦¦¦¦
BARGAIN^Good nprlght :/cheap.; : SCHMITZ, 18 '
¦: McAllister:;, St.." . next -Hlbernta Bank, ¦' ¦;•; .'¦ ;..- ". ¦¦_
SUPERiJit Violins. xith»-*, old an* new, . H;;
¦/¦. MULLER.' maker., repairer, g : Latham : place.:;
; OFFICES: ;A"XD.: STORES^-TO ;/LKT. : y
NICE sunny --'- 'corner /suite;^occupied j laat 10-
./ years by doctor: ¦ modern.- imßrovemerits. ; .ll4a ,
,-V BUtter -.. St../ ¦¦¦¦¦'.. -. ,~-'.:-.y... : .": /• / ..¦¦':¦'' :\\':.'- ¦'.¦'¦''¦. '¦¦::' • '
SMALL part furnished, of flee to right partle*.
. -,64S , Market 'st. :-;': : J;';.';>i'ft '¦•-.-.'";•¦¦'";.'•- "¦¦' .
LOFT 25xS0;. plenty- of light; jjower /available.
'..:. .gSS'.Mlsalo.n: .st-vr/oppv- W'ells. Fargo .Express. ,-
:S2O—STORE:: $20— STORE: ¦• 2 -show.:, windows ; and 5 larg»
¦ rocms": adapted ta any' buslnesa. 42t Sixth it;
'"':.T : .-;i : ;: c ' v ;^PAI'MISTRV. > ;v^'Q;N' : .';;;
: MME. ' Neergaardi Pres. St. Germain/College 0f,.;
¦ Palmistry;' reads, 1 to 8. 616 Geary.'nr.-. Jonea..
\, ¦>¦.'•¦-: ••;"¦ y :^^persqxai.s."" :y ¦"*:.- .;. '¦¦<
"bELI^^UDRY ¦:-¦:;•¦¦¦•;¦.•¦.¦¦-"¦.'¦;.••¦¦¦-•¦ -•'.- " ; ¦¦'.¦'¦¦:>.
•g~. 1 -yyiy ¦¦ yy : - *y }s not a lady.
MY husbariii. Charles F^ Deane; ;advertised that
I left his. bed and board. Which In false. I
'¦¦ left his' 'saloon at 313 Pacific st/ S;. : -F.;- -arid'
-¦ am"- at' tny home. 321 Cypress:sti- AlameUa.
where- I have lived for 12. y ears... i: ART E..
::-,DEAN'E. .-;.' : -:v; :.:•;•*.;: ¦••;'"; :
MME ADA cures rheumatism, headaches.; neu-^.
¦ralgla: 'all pain leaves like magic -frbm- ; her
.-.wonderfully gifted .hands;;- 1343 Howard, sf"
-LEDERER'S'Qtilntonlca is", fast superseding all
Hair -Tonic? : -33c bot: Ledere.r's- Foamo Sham-
/".poo cannot be beat. sc-. psk." . 123. Stoctton st--- ,
S-S-S^STAMMERING.- positively,' cured •' » or
¦¦¦ mbriey refunded. : ¦'¦ '; \Vrite '¦ ¦: for •• ¦ partlculara.
. WATSON. -Ejl Market il"' ¦¦;.;::%, -
IF you wish -full raltie : for your ctst-ottcloth-
• trig call pnß. Cohen. 157 TAlrdi teL Black 4123;"
¦LEADING theutrtcal" ..'arid ¦ rinLiqnerade J cos-
¦ ' .turners; -.make-up and .wlga; country orders sru;
:.lldted. GOLDSTEIN & CO. . 733 Harket st, .
• PRiyATE-detectlve work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. : J." B. RAY. 357 Jessl* »t
;- ; EMPLOYMENT c W ANTEb^-MAIiB^ .
; YOUNG man. r.months from Ctennanyi, wants. <
work In grocery store or. butcher shop. Pleas*
call: at.. Valencia Hotel; BlichteenUi.. and; va- -
-' i/lincla .Bts.-.:; : -:. ; .>V: ¦.:•¦.¦.-'¦¦'']¦:'¦¦/.¦':'•-'¦¦;¦¦ r "-¦¦:'¦ / "'" ;.
NEW, YORK ladles', tailor, cutter and -fitter, de- >
.sires, a situation ; . good • references. Address
;¦' box ;4385; ¦ Cal t. office.' .;¦:¦;.'-:: -./; •: .--•-,"¦ ; : ¦„¦;¦¦: •V- ; -
YOUNG mari with .5 years' experience desires : .
.-position as bookkeeper of of fice^worKof any ?
¦.kind ; references. .'¦ Address ;b0,x4390, Call of nee, .-,
COMPETENT. : German wlsHes. -.situation^: as : s
coachman and gardener;'can milk; very nandy -,
: -.: about private . place ; . first-class . reference. ,
.¦Box 4s79;VCmll'pfflce.^;^r ¦.';-. V- -" -""-'•.":>. ij
YOUNG mari desires position in some store^Xto .
learn) : will make himself - generally , useful ,
.: references.;" Address ;N. 5.,-214;Thlrd st. -.--. ;- . ./
AS valet, nurse or traveling attendant : .'.speaks -
A ¦ French,. German' and , English : EurpDean , and :.
: * local • references.; > Box 4392;>. Call;' office. -?..¦.;- . ;.
WANTED^By an. active old "ian.- employment Vj
'':¦ in any capacity. . Address ;O. M., .box *at..-:
VTCali; office, y:-. -:¦ %\ ¦;. '¦'¦r-\->- :^r^ '<¦: .*¦:>*:
RELIABLE: cbachmari. and gardener .wants slt-
.uatlon; competent arid willing in either r K..
;¦¦ good references,:- Address. J; X.,,415 Powell st.
JOB PRINTER, .all-round iharid.., wlßhev few
=; .weeks' work. as a lift- toward raising .fare, for
;: : .Cape; Nome,/: 1113 : Jefferson st.,. Oakland. .. -
A YOUNG Frerichman Pf good education and
reputation, :who". can speak. . read "^JTy"
[ ; -English, wishes to. go; to the: Paris^ exposition
. ¦¦: with an Ameriean/famliy:or somebody as ( an
•; interpreter;.- moderate, terms :'and, can f< : fij«.i
. good ¦•Oreteren-ees.'-'.. Address^./ JEAN--. ,LAr;
CLERQUE. 217 Pacific aye.. Santa Cru». Cal. :
'A '.RELlABLE^American wants -position, man-
ager, bookkeeper, cashiers salesman.;, clerk,
" experienced in lumber, general mdse..^ cigars
, or. hotel. business; best of references: bankers
•;; and merchants. Address W. D-. box 4376. Call.,
YOUNG man. V carpenter; by : : trade,. .-",w»nt«
steady position, city or country; has no objec-
tion to a ranch or; country place as all-round
¦ ; handy.' man;' :8px.4354. ¦,Calh,-:"-: : -'-: --y- ' :>/¦ ¦.¦'¦¦-•/
A RESPONSIBLE German,: married man. with
: . horse and small wagon, -would llke_a P^S 7
. : . nent position of some kind. , »003 Twentieth.-;
GARDENER^Practical; 10 : year* •.-•: .= California,:.
: desires position, private, or: lay-out new
N-..place;,; references. --Box ; 8716- Call. - Oakland. ¦;.--.
HOI'EL man wants posltibn in country: hotel
•'-. as night clerk, porter, watchman; 10 . yeaxs
..' experience: -Box 2712. Call, Oakland. > ¦ ; '
GOOD boy wants . position ; ' as .';' errand , ot bell
;. ; boy..;- Address 1011 ,Minna.: v et.' /-;,;/'// ¦¦•;:.• / -'•'
EXPERIENCED butcher wishes work- In hotel
..: 6r shop ;; city pr country. Box ,4385. Call oinoe..
MAN: and ; .'wife wish; positions;; - wlfe.V a • good,
¦cook; man oapable of managing dairy. / In-
' .; quire. 431 and .433 Pine. »t. -.- :..•;.:.-•¦,'¦• "¦¦ :::¦¦¦¦'. . : : ¦--.•¦ :•:
EXPERT, accountant:,: ip; years'.;. experienpe:
• books systematized, opened, closed pr audit-
ed ;.lnstructlbns given;, terms reasonable; .Box
.¦¦4364. -can. - y-.y-\ ''¦;/'; : : '.v,-'--; •:¦:'¦•? '•:-'v- : - ;•'¦¦¦:'-
A PROFESSIONAL..- cook /wishes' tsltuatlpn:.
American.- French ¦ arid German Jtitch»nBp.pn>
. vate : family, preferred. Box. 4366. Call; offlce. :
YOUNG ; man (Germari) desires -a' 'position as
¦driver for bakery wagon. '.'Address: ti. i*.,,8Z7
;.- Market Bt.-pakland.;,;-v /: V' ..¦¦¦"-,-- .;V : ; '-.-..,.
POSITION -/-as bookkeeper ..or ; /other :. clerical
. ' work/-. Addresa 142. Coillr.gwood .st..:-.. , - ¦¦-
JAPANESE boy, well: speaking. -for .position,
offices.-- Address. FRANK. YOSHI-
¦ '. NAOA. 1001 "Market st;. Van VrpOm: ¦:-.' ;. .
ALL-AROUND cook: I wide /experience; '¦_ good
reputation; - wants .'^ situation. -..GEORGE
"¦' ' STOLL." 106 Eddy st, room 39. :„.-.,..¦¦. ;-;¦' -¦:¦-•"¦'
AN. exoeriericed: woolen.. stock and. sample -man'
¦'. would;.: like ¦.Bituatiori'.wHh .first-class house;
•' good examiner and- hard worker.' /Address box
- 42go,;Caii; ¦-.-•.:"-.;¦;. -yy'yy. •"•-¦".- \X-y '".¦ -'."¦
CLASSIFIED advertlßem«nts and subscriptions
received at Callbranch offlce, 2200, Flllmore st.
A' BRANCH offlpefpr Call' advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at -1O»«;Y*-'.
7-.lencla at. •¦''=': -¦;.'*. "¦¦;¦:';,.¦ -;-'-' : ."- •":'¦¦.:!¦'''-'•¦ :': ' "¦'.•¦'¦'''
A: BRANCH office for. the reception of adver-
'¦' tlsements' arid-subscriptions-. has .been, opened
¦ ¦¦¦at. : ..1223..P01k.,'8t.;-;ppe,n-:.-,untll 9 p. m. - . ¦ ¦<::
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions '¦.. has .' ¦ been- established ¦ at ' the
northweft corner of ¦Twenty^second.-and Ken-
/..'tueky ' sts. roperi until 9-p. m. ¦ ¦'¦' ' ¦ . ' '-'y.':.'J^2
:-:\ :;:': ?;'¦" ¦,EXFERT.;: ; OFTICIANS.-: '.;':v.^..--
GEORGE: MAYERLE, Gennari ! expert optlolan,
' ¦ 1071H Market st.: examinations free:: German
. .eyewater by. mall. 5Qc.; PhonerMlnt 257. ¦•¦¦';
:,l:'^- : T*' - *\^^™a^^^;^ :^.^'
OIL stock now paying 2 per' oent ; monthly dlri-'
dends; fullest investigation. . THE McCAR-
: THY CO. "410-411 Heune .block,'- Los Angeles,
.- ;;646;;Market;st. S.v;F. ;:-.. "-'¦• "¦.';.¦¦. ' ¦¦¦;-.;. 'V. /'¦:,¦';¦¦¦;
;-¦;' :-,".' ¦¦ : ,;-'-"FLA'TS;. TO ¦• LET;:-. ; '. } '''.^','._/
CORNER' upper- flat, 7 rooms- and bath:'' fine
-view; $14: Flat of 4 ' rooms . and ' bath, : $10. .
: . ' Flat of J rooms. $7.:. Key, at 4499 Seventeenth.
GEARY, 241; opp: Union Square— Flat : * rooms;
¦¦¦ f uf rilture : f or sale ; " terms reasonable. -, ..- ' ;.-¦.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let.
...from BALDWIN A HQWELI* 10 Montgomery.
LOWER 4 rooms: i bath ; ¦, stable^ / ; 3078 - Twenty-
fourth, nr, Folepm; cars pass house; rent. sl4.
NEW flats; light;; sunny; :5^ 6 rooms; yard;
- basement. : 2129 Jones St., near Greenwich. -, :
SUNNY upper flat: corner:: B rooms. and bath;
'-':. yard;; ¦ $11.;.- :U4, Ban: Jose; aye...; ;¦:¦¦.-. ,:;; .':.;.;;,
TWO. sunny flats, •¦ upper, and . lower; •; 4 and .5
;: rooriie. 904-90S Minna st, above '; Tenth. :¦". •' / •;
'/'-'FijATS^TO ' .; LET- 7FUR.NI SHED.'' y ¦',-'
BIRCH AYE.. 5--4 rooms and bath ; nicely fur^
v.- nlshed. -/.:.-" '.;v: ¦ /¦ y' .-v-; --: ¦.¦¦'/:•.;'¦ -¦ -:';¦¦¦"¦ •¦--
;.•'•¦;¦¦-;: ;;,FURXiTCRE FOR '.^AIjE.yJ <--;y :
ENAMELLED. Iron beds, ail slies, $2 90; heavy/
matting 10c yard;' 7-plece bedroom set '.s2o.
Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310. .1312 rtockton st,
.-' ;near;Broadway, -;.'¦.'':.'': -'-';'.-'•:.¦'•'>.-..• ; : ';'' ¦ ¦.•.-'¦'.:.'•.'¦
FURNITURE of '6-rppm ."..flat; . complete:-; new;
:¦¦ reasonable. 95SA Pine, bet. Mason 'and Taylor.
FURNITURE of 8 : rooms .at / bargain iv: selling
'•;,' account of Blckness.. 239. 0.G. -aye., cor. Hyde.
FURNITURE "and carpets 0f .9 -rooms: .private
. liojLise; bargain: houße to -.let::. 2530 Sutter st.
4 -ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60,:- with No.
"..- 7 .ranße;, King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131. Market. .
•J ;:;;..".; "--/.i FURMTI'RE WANTED.
CitAS "LEVY ' buys '¦'•'• your ' furniture,- carpets,
' ;, piano.', .; 113S Market st : . telephone Jessie 761. -
' ALFRED; WOLLPERT; ; 773 Mission St.; tays
l/the. highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
:WE CODY, (late with J/T. Terry A Co.) buys
• furniture.' carpets..' 757/Mlgslon:;tel.-Red 3353.;
,;:';.':v;HEI-K;;WANTED^O,ENTS;:;;;'; r ' : ;v
HARPER * BROTHERS' subßcrlptlpn works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
'. tunlty for good solicitors; . entire line. J. U.:
¦..ODELLi 206 Kearny' St.- ' ' . :;¦¦/-'. '¦'¦.' \- '¦¦.;'¦ :'¦¦-:.:¦ ;, ; y
- .' .y,-:nELP; WAMTEP-FEMAL'aj ','• ?:;
'•C. R; ¦ HANSON & CO I PHONE GRANT 185"
- v. ..;;.. . . : . .HOTEL " DEPARTMENT. V. ..:*..; :..:.',:.
-- Head waitress, . $25, and 2 waitresses, same
• ! place, $20 ; . 2 waitresses, , Coronado Beach. ' $20; *
: special ¦- rates-;'. 2 waitresses, yiBalla;: 2 .walt-
• : resßes/Fresrip; waitress and chambermaid to
iwalt, Watsonvllle, $20 each ';..- waitress, Crocki
' ett. .; $20;; 3 waitresses',' •'. city, $20; ,. 2 chamber-
¦ -maids to wait,' $20; -2: charribermalds,. $18; -.2
¦chambermaids, typewriter; 'Remington:
;. ; . .;\ . . . . . !:. . :'family < Orders. . :v. ;..'..::% p.:'.
Cook arid housegirl for nice family In Liver-
': more. $25. see party here. at 10 o'clock: woman
:•"•: for rarich: wprk, no objection to child : . 3 Ger-
.-. man cooks; city, $30,' $25 ; 5 Other cpoka, $25; 4
/; sec6nd girls, : $25. . $20; nurseglrl,'.. $10. , C. :R.
':.t. HANSEK <t. CP-. " 104 ;Qeary ; st. - - '¦ :; '¦ :¦,:¦;.-; - ¦ ' ; ,;.;
MOTHER .and daughter.; 'cook . and/ second,
' - Piriall. family. In country, $35 :'-' see ¦ party:- here..
- Cy;R.:: HANSEN.; A ;CO..-104/Geary ;Bt.-.yy::y.:;-
W ANTED^-Protestaht cook. $2S; : see lady here ;
¦ 4 cooka, -plain wash. $25; 5 cpoks,: German
style, $25. $30;. 3 nurße girls. $15," $20; 3 Second
. --girls, $20; .lroners;. $9 a week;. 3 : waitresses,
¦'.'¦.; country -hotel, . $20; '; restaurant waitreaaes. . $6
and $8 a week: French nurse, $20:. lurichvcook,;
'-.$2O; 60 house/. girls,',- s2o,' $25. . city and : country.
v J.:F. CROSETT; CO.;:; 316 Sutter : .«t.:",:.i; ; : .-,-
HOUSE girl, St. r Helena, $25 ; San ; Rafael, $25 :
Oakland. $25; - Mill .Valley. $25; second girl,
city, $25;- 6 copks,.sSo: and $25;. nurse girl; $20;
...house girt, 2 in family.- $30; 60 house g1r18,.525
".',: and $20- MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st . . '
V¦ ¦ Brenner,"' Ui^m an Co.- want presserg ' on over-
;. shirts. ¦_-. If -Battery.; st; v ';. '-.¦':'¦ '-'-:,.- ¦:;''.:¦_':['¦"... /
WANTED— A. girl to "• do. Cooking and general
: housework : f or • two- persons ; - ref ererices i re«-
,.- quired;, call' Friday morning;. : Hotel /Granada,
:: ; ;rootn ,110.- ..' : .. ;.¦...-.'- fi ' '¦£-. ."¦<¦.•"•,•¦'¦; ;¦¦; '¦¦'::, '-'-'>¦¦ '.'¦'.['*.;¦ '
LADYi traveler' for "bus'lnert house; one without
i experience preferred, ; desiring permanent ;po-
yysltlpn; -; Address. bdx;433s.vCall; office.;, yyy- y
AN elderly woman' to assist wlthVlight house-
work; small family ; : a good . home; - Apply . to
.-.405; Minna, st. ¦¦;:.: .;;.';";•;; •";• yy.'f- :': 'C ---:¦'¦:¦;¦ ¦.¦¦•.••::>¦•'¦ .
¦WAITRESS, at" Johnson's restaurant, 28 Mont- ;
:gomery : ; must be neatand active:, B hours;.s2s
'.- - per -month. ¦-. A pply between 10. and- 12 : a^ ; m... -
GIRL' wanted for, sewing : and- do errands." ;M.
¦.rFEDER; : .2U:-Po8t:Bt. ¦;:..;,/ ;/¦¦"¦ :; >""¦-.". y<yy.y
..WANTEDr-^Glrl . for housework;' ' 889H Clemen-
: '.-tina : -jit: .-'¦..;¦-. .\r ; - : .['-y :-..:..^y;y \y:~ :¦¦-.;; '¦;¦-;¦¦'
WANTISr>-4-A' : . girl -for' second work- and: walt-
;;¦ .ing: :¦/ 1307 .Hyde- ¦t',y-v,v; • ;.¦: ¦ .-• :¦-. -i- ¦¦ -?- ."?. ;>,-;,;
WOMAN -for -housework; sleep: home; '.wages
- 110. ' Apply. ,1298 Union it : .. ;/¦>.:: ; . /
\.'- v' : '-.""7B^^i^^?^i < V^^-:v'.^f ¦"/• : " ¦
¦ ¦BT'FINEFP OFFICE of :«ie ¦: Ran ; Fwincisco
C.U- >crner rX Uerket and Third etreetß, ppon {
« R «li « o'clock every right in the year,
T.V.A NCH (OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
cc^rr>!By:;.oren;unt:i.r:3o.p..m.:.r/; ',;./:;.:/¦¦;•' : .
fCv Hayes *treel:'open until *:S0 p. m. ;.-;'.;
. f"s McAir.ete'r-rtreet: cpen until >;»0 p.: «.;.";•.
:•!;.«? Larkiri+treet; open until 9:30 p. m./.v.v';-: ;•
¦hi4V MlrelrTi*treet; open until/10/ P. Jtn.-, ;
rrm-Mark-'t street, corner/ eixteenth;, .open
ur.ty? p.m. ; . ¦¦",¦./-¦..••'-¦:¦-..-¦¦¦..:,¦-', : '>•¦?•'.¦/.;
: I'? K'evrn'h ftrf* : T" until JP* Bt ' . V
.' j- V Vh'-n ;.v «-reet; open until 9 p.;m. " ; ; ./ ¦ '
; ,»^, j".-!h lim; opes until 9. p. 'm.;.;"- ;"-¦ .'¦¦¦.-'
jcmthnWrrnir of Twent>>»etpnd and-'Ken-.
-tiii-kv tjlrye-.f'irrxT" «r.tll'--9 P. m..-' / '..'-¦ .-¦¦'.'-¦:"¦ ¦
MEKTJ> <i -,: .><>TlCES.;'.''.V''V£^V|;l;
': jhe e \^-:tr. ; "^^FHA^KLIN^^ DAY.i./Sec. S'
rJ^.-'"' 1 M. i'-'-i M V ' : i:.'m. de^ees. By
crder •'¦ t^.H k - rnLI)MAyj Bgcretary. j
EXCELSIOR Lodge No, : K^F^^and^ A:/;; •
M — 'Sr-'c'.al / meeting : THtnJOA.V, iJXm-t
¦:' Mari-h. 1,; at.:1:30 p. m v for/the purpoF*.^^^'
•of cc'h'du'ctiric- the funeral of our iate •JT< I;
U-k'T .lOr-ETPH GRA Y LAVEUY;. Friends 1.
: -..o rc ~tWtfu::y : invited .'to attend. By order ¦
;; £r. t£-; Mici<".: : : :, th co: ..E^gMrrH.; ;Sec v : /: .)
DOTllC^L^ice/No; Jl6.;;F,:aria
?:«;tn'ed-.-" ••«n4;'-J/«!l*rHU' meetmg:: -THIS _*%_¦;-
U AY); kyKNIN«V/ar- : '<> £,<** jU\t
¦,H- ,. . TMrd -apgree .-¦; By-.<"rder they , -v . .
¦••¦\y^s::. -y :: '\ , /J.;.R:/GOLpgMITH,-Sec;.;j
pj:ESlKO:.'Loace Np. 534, .1. J. O. t^gggg^: j
', -F.. : "'O«:iv:a cv.i Vt:«^.Ft!;-jn|-
-rVENJSG: '.-. The <Irar..J Master ? .'.:*.- ¦-¦- X
¦^:^'i*- preseri.'-:-Vi5«T-rs; >.r-1 tally ;;invited.:|
.-¦'..•".'.. -i "-¦¦;•':-,¦ :"•/;.-¦... : . J. T.. GIBSON, : N :, '•<*-, 1
;'v,'::'.\r.':'H; 6HARI'E. R. S. ." ¦¦:.?-:¦¦¦ ;/;;-r /.->'.;. \
-•r-V-^v v]«'«r"> to 'ciirJ.stlani'ty and What I ;
''"•" iJeV.Vne'! r.r .V E y!" L—turt-hy: ISAAC,
;'¦'• .^r-l-BV. Srxi'lAt EVENING., it the. Metro-, .
hyy y;.;":';V.\:ASTKOLO<;V. ' : ,-- /,. ¦.,-..-,.-": ¦,|
rfli.'F:.»: MASF.RI of Esrjpt. gT»'atest astrolo- j
; ¦'•¦• cjrt /and i-almitt in: the worlc;.-.sall*;aca.<>n :| -.
¦,''r«arw^te».l,-: : ''«37.;Oold»n..'Gat>:.'»*e/- : --"-"'-¦""/
: V:;;'.7V ¦ iiTTORXJi VSV S '¦AT/.LaW.; \. .- ¦.';' ¦;;:_• ; '¦', j.
APVICE ¦* ree : iivo'irri. law a specialty; private; j
no 'ee ' 'without eucce*=s; : ecUections. G. W.-i
HOVt'k, aity'a;' law. s:« Market, cor. Stacktn:..'..-
a'iVICE 'ree.. no charge unless ''.iuecessful. ,W. : j
AY. ' I «.» VI DS^'N; i-27 Market st . . opp. Masan. j
attorney: at law, has re-; ]
j.-iuriiea rrac?!c» at 503 Cal. ft,. Clunle bljg,. .;;
i • "s' -1-LAP.K. fcm Spreckeis" bldg.V SH Mar-
•v.kei.Vt.: >^.n«^:t*tlop free; no fees in advance.
y. uOAIIOI.NCi KOll CIIILUUEX. :. .
wishes, young .child
to -v6lt\; '*<*<& home;: reasonable. Box 43»3, j
--'-:¦::- ?;.;/;-,--- ..¦:,.,..
\\'ANTiir>-^l .or.2/. 2/ children to board in German ¦
' V'fag:';iy.:''-:byrt.-"rare': -..'439; Mlr.r.a tt. /-: •;¦ .-,- . '¦- |
y .;;/; BOOKS— YEW AXB OLD. ly
(PCHOOl"- : ¦ BOOKS : boucht and exchanged.
'•'•-. Holinef-'Bf*.rk Co.: ¦'.r«4- : ,MH'siori 'rt.'.' n^ar Third.
f.yO.-PA"IR'B- drummers' sample shoes at manu-
• ia«urer' 8 ¦ eSty- ¦¦ 3, / KOHLBECHER, . 145 .
: ".;rourth at.-' "•¦•/-;.':..¦' '••¦"•¦'*:¦•-¦¦.;•'- * ¦;.-¦: y. ¦"¦ ";'.':''¦
CHILDREN" S 'shoes- neat and good, special.. 6so
Ladl«*' lace or .-'button- shoes, .special..;-.. .-;$ 1 00
EO pair rr.f-n's shoes, all sizes, 5pecia1.... ..5114
' re^ple'g Shoe Store. - iSOi ftockt on. nr. Br"dw y
•-.;; :/:;BtSINESS CHANCES. ? ,':¦. ' : ,¦:'
A^s7cS-COKNER~ grocery tad bar on Sutter 1
st-;- with- 3 living -rooms and bath; rent $25:
¦ ,-'": guoA -.-riy-'ini ./ -butineiui. -/Call .R- G. WILKE,
, >*; Market ;st. : - -.:¦'-. ';" :. ;" ".¦'¦;-..¦ "": - : ¦' .;. H'--''-':
A^J4s>i SALOON.' Kearny Et_, close to Prescott
"¦¦¦ House;- splendid paying place; low rent; owner
JeaVHS.fur- Npnie. R. <1. WILKB. St« Market.
'.-A-iK-l*; COHNER grocery and bar; living
¦ room' rent -'I'lS; very best location on Twenty- |
.second St.; «tock"will invoice $7uo: rare bar-
- fc -atr... Call R. G. VITLKE, SO6 Market ' st,
'¦¦rmm S. ..':':.'¦'••.¦¦..-.'¦ ¦¦;}:¦'. >'--'"*.'.'•':¦ ;uf , : - ''¦ '¦¦ -i-J/y-"!'-. ;-. ¦' '
A $I&*K)' Gj:OCEHY store; In best location In the
¦• Mifblon; 3 living, rooms; bath; rent $20; a
rari? cha'ace' ' for . good paying business. . Call
'.'¦ r... G. WILKE; room 8. 906 Market st. ': '-</- '.-'
A— J**'; RESTAURANT and chop hou«« *>n
Stockton: «t: establ. many years and clearing
•boy* $1S« per nionth. : Call room 8. SO6 Mar-.
¦;..ket-''et-/"R-.-G.':.WILKE.' .:/::¦--.--'-.;.''/ ¦•;-'¦•:,¦ ''-'
A SALOON on water Iront, with 4 years' le*«e:
. :.fin« : fixtures ; large stock: rushing busineii«:
• no better location on Ea«t Et.:; splendid
¦' chance; : R.-G. WI LKE. &06 Market fct .
Ji—. SSOC'O— 3> ROOM hotel with first-class paying
.V. ealoen; close: to the ferries depot on the wa-
: "te'r Trnnt; house always crowded and known
• -ien 'b'-th sides of the Paclfle. Call R-: G. ¦,
¦ "V. rWILKE; K< Market St.,. room «¦; -- ¦¦/;-- ',
- ALL KINDS OF BARGAINS— SEE- THEM. - :
,r<j-tter h6U*e:/ clearF $300 ..,...;,...;.:>... 52250
.'¦C!p.ar>tore, $1200; cigar store ¦..:.,..•..,/,,... 550
: Produce, butter and e5n.,;.'....,-;,.;.;; 350
- '- If^el ar.d bar. ¦••s4*W;- hotel and bar...;.;.; 1500
ll»-at market; clearing $250 ?.......'..... ..1200
Fruit ar.d groceo- -sstore ;..'...'.-. .-> L....... >...... 500
Falr»on: ; nne location ....;......... /700
• Grocery.' and- bar. $Soo;'Erocerj- and bar.;lC«Xi
.¦¦' CrtK^a' ar.d; har.; $200 {grocery and. bar..,; 200
' 'Stationery.'* and ,bo<-»k store ......iil/ri.ii-.,. ; Sf>o
' I.ranch. bakery: .$150;. branch. /bakery ,...-.. >"-'O
- ¦ Stationery -and. notions ............:.....<.-i 250
.'." Uraas fouriflryi / clears $KM .../.;........... 2500
, Cr-al.-'wr.od and feed. $SWO; coal and feed; IW
Candy, nor*. $500; can 3 y etore ..i......... / S'.O
: Drug etore- in good count ry town /. ., : . . . .^ 28' X)
"'"-'Blacksmith-. shop '¦'. ;.... :'.;;.','.;.,... : .. ...... \::" 250
. Teaming bUfir.ess: clears $500 .....;....,. 2000
200 PLACES THAT I DO NOT AD^VERTISE.
Tel. John El- : "-' .".-. :H, C. DECKER. .--. :
.- .¦:- ;: .-. 1010 Market tt.. opp. Fifth.
ATTENTION, SELLERS.! :'".'""- '.:" ",' ¦"¦:'"-, .-" ,
List whatever yu have for sale; ¦ '."
: . ."¦ with me...'; l can fell for cash. ¦:.¦':
'. . I wtO tdvertlFe-it free for you. , ¦'¦/•'
..-::. I -wact no . exclusive /-contract. V ' .'-,:'
. :.; Have Iruyer waiting .•; with .cash. ¦;-• .-:"¦
: ; I sell city and country real ..'estate^ . — .
etid btißioeßJi -piece«i' •¦-;; : "- : - ''.<¦ '¦•-¦."-;-;¦ .--:..-•=."
H. C. UEfKER, 1020 Market rt-.orp. Fifth.; : >
$!£0 — DAY saloon. doTi-ntown,: between 'the
wholesale" houses; doing: pood business; a toarr
'•¦ rain if sold a.t once., M. LESS./765 Market st.
jS'ti—VSOni) and coal yard in the Mission; horce
a.r'l waeon; rent rr.ly ?10 per month; -old es-:
. . laWlfh^.s, M. LESS. 765 Market Bt -'rV : :l
JIW^-COKNER grocery and bar; north of Mar-
. ket; well worth $lJW;Blekness cause <>f; sale;
' a bargain. /M, LEPS. 765 Market "t.. ¦¦;;¦.:.:.
A FINE comer saloon Market it. ..;/,' 5700
A 120-room hotels with bar... i'v,-':,-.;,.,";..,>-'.55500
.A good i>aylng botcher shop; bargain..... $500
A f.n« grocery; doing $!000 per m0nth.;;.. 53500
A good ;ia>lng rooming house- cheap..... $900
Several other houses: from $250 t0.;,...;;...550u0
fine takery; good location; cheap.'.;..;. $400
*^an4y an<l fruit stores; all price*; bariralns.
See MITCHELL & ADAMS. SO6 Market st..-,
BAKaAIN for buying or BelllnKf.aloons or any
buslr.esK; fair trf-ettnent, Liquor- Dealers'
Journal. EK<H Californta st. room . 1. Y. :'-y' : :
t4 r ><>_SALC>ON with 2.31 vlng rooms; fine trade.
. Call sts t L'.quor - r>a!ers' • Journal,- £33% Calt T
':: fomia et..: room L. : '-..-.•".. •¦.':"•.¦•;•¦ ' ¦"¦':' r y :]'¦>'¦¦. / ; :-;;:^:' : ;^
I?AnOAIN-^-Groeery and bar cheap:. : Liquor
' I>ea|ers' Jr,u'T)a!, C3^S California' st, room V
Vt iß 'bargains:: ln saloons; 'groceries and- ¦¦¦ bars.
- -.cirar-: Btr-re*. / restauraniß.. oyster .; houses.
. '.'¦ ' hranch baieries.. Icvleir.ic houses, /¦ 10 tP 100
:• mm!, see J. H. CHISEL *: CO.. 78 Third st
-A Ht.COO BTPINESS for $4390;: will clear $5000
per annum: will stand investigation. ¦'. Pacific
Ktatt*;. Healtjr.Crj.. 555 Market ft;, . room 320. ;.
A-S2V"*: HALF Jntereet In first -class satoori on
.. Market st.:; avera-Re.. monthly receipts $20"0;
.';." -'low: rent: «iu<S : email e.xpen»e»i; only reason for
¦; -ißeJiinc owner, n*e<Js an honest assistant: flrßt-
¦;¦• cla>B..b"jsl.npfs'propo3ijtl'»n; fullest in ve»tlga-
¦ .'¦¦.%ltm '*iAiett*6z If- buyer -not satisfied money, re-
.' "¦ funae(s:',lmowie<i!fe'.of. business not necessary;
."' - 're Jerenccs excha-nged.'./ Address box; 1360, Call.
- A '.BITCH JvR whnip ;' corner ; . creat • paertSce.
/'-•/feKVISG , ,&; CO.. Jl20 • Market, st--i' -• './ •- ' .¦:-¦. ¦:-¦ ¦•¦ '
- : STEADY. ¦: »o»>er; ..riiiiri -as : i>«j-tner ; in ; . saloon;
.: 1 . email. >apita)\ required. : 7? Thlrd-st -,-.':
JliTw-CIOAR •'tore; -and laundry efflce for. sale;
; ? goodbus-iiieKß;:. location. ,312 Third St. ¦¦¦"./."••. ¦;-
'•:-.. OLD-KPTA IjiJl'Fl«vl> .^-aifon-riiakTrg.' horse.
.'¦" : fhnttUig t-urlneFs';'. 15 years present / location ;
' ¦ ': ¦ r '4«ap on Acrt.- death owner.: .22 Cortland aye.
::.XiX takery: or laiuririry; Scan milk wagon ; 2-
;-. prated .srrlnr. -,|«-accn;- 3 . Krocery or dellverj
J'- yr»gtins. S2 Cortlaijd 'ay*..; ."¦; ;,-y,:. . / : ;.; :;•-'>.; >
.: : BAIXKIS - wanted: \jy . a cash; customer ;. ; .inust b<
.'--. located in- .the " tenderloin-. district Addresi
. - : .:box . ; 23Mi; Call rfflcc;';' : ::O:,'^ '¦ ':.- ¦'- ; '¦'..-'; : -.;.'.-, .-'; .'. ¦
BALO°N.:pent.rallr J^icated. cheap. Inquire Mr
. : GLAJ*IiI.US. : ; nistinertes Co.. Fron
'• . end. ;.Pine-ft'; -.hetwec'n -lttarid Ui-.: •.../¦•¦¦-: v-.
'¦'• FOR-'saie-^nutter and •egg:>tail.ln larue.mar-
;.'¦•.• ket;: cheai>::.iowrent . Apply -1312 Polk st. '
. TO-^Tft — Barber Shop ! Vt wa chairs;- rent cheap
.' : ..Apply .34fi ! i -Hcy,eftth-.»t.'.corT.er ; . Harrison; .;
'•DOWNTOWN' -route ;©ri this -paper.'. Apply 120
•;..': Howard t-O*''',..'.;;- ;.. ¦„ .y '¦'¦:': -;.;¦;¦ ¦-->*: :.:y
SU!:--nKE. c SMAKnSS parlors .and * S -Hvjiig
-.' rwrnK. '*iim.i : choice; location.. 743 Mission. .
6MALL"'restaurarit:'*stabliEiied: 2 l i l/yearsV «ami
' . oyrnfrjean /be' Inyekticated.*' 239/ Eighth- Kt,
' OFFER wanted for coo<l paying :bakier> ! ;' wortl
.-' . InveiitiKaMnr./.Box 4391, -Call -.office. .; .- •
¦ |!2S— BOOKi stationery, and -cigar stand. ' --J4
.-" "Third •* •: - ".-;.-• '¦:.-:¦¦ ¦¦:.:¦::.':. "¦ ¦ ; :
lI t' BI SE SS CHANCES— Cpatlnned. ,
A^^rS^BERG C0' .i.^.;'. :'.985 MA RKET- ST.; .
..„,....-:. UP-TO-DATE BROKERS . >.....*....,
'.i;,.,;.,;i.Vi : Telephone. Folsom 1343 ?.';..',.. ....
S Have caih buyers -'6ri. hand ¦ ready -to Invest'
therefore list your bUßinesseß with u5; . ... . .- . .
.'...None but legitimate proppisitions wanted;;.:
;:;;.;:..'.;i,:.u;;.;'T0.8HyER5.v.;.'....» ; » ! »-.«
Bef pre buying please call on us and. .':•* .
' '-U .*:i -,--.•¦•"' In.veEtlgate our prop-->«itions .•.'........
¦-•-":-¦. r ¦:.:'—,¦,': ¦ :¦..; AL50. ¦..:;;;.".;;;...;;...;..:
iIONEYTO LOA>r;,..>.. .MONEY TQLOAN
:' on all kinds offurnlture-and. fixtures..... .;.;.„;.
:-;;.;.'.i..v;';:;\HlB*iießt:cash: price paid ,;.>;;.;.;•....:.
."•' lor rerieral nierchandlse and 1iqu0r5:.; '...¦......
'..^;:.^v;::V.y.tSTENBERG-CO.. ;?35; Market ; st -'-.*
$1700 ' CASH-i-Corner: grocery irid .bar; .'good 10-.
cation am! vtock; 2 blocks ijorth'.'pf. Market; St. *; -
- v "no a-gents- wanted. :"' Inquire at. -1713H .Mission.
FOR *ale-One. of the bestcorner^saloonß^ln^the;.
cily. ; Inquire WICHMAN. LUTGEN..& C 0...
.;.'; 2l6'.Ciay,st. :;-¦;,.¦: ¦"* '-.-. ." '¦"¦.:,-/ -y ¦>¦'¦¦. ¦¦--'¦ .'•--.:¦'• ¦*'.•
V.'ANTED^A tailor or dyer to /buy out welli
'-' established business, ' dyeing, cleaning, - rer ;
balrlne; reason for selling /'going ' to .-• Paris
/- E7p«>lUbn.; Address F. ;;Mv- SCHMIDT'. ;So-;; So-;
'.. ;nora,; : Cal. : •'.-*<¦."¦'.;¦-¦ ¦'-.'.. - ? '"'*¦-¦>..*'•¦.'•¦;--"'•/:• :-*
WAVTED--Partner r - ' cne^half .;:;interest .' $3000.
'¦"to ctilare&. hardware business;;; have; s6soo. In
; btock^ '•-¦• established '. '2O years. ./ Address. 7 Box
/.'¦"2715,- Call; Oakland. :. ,.' . " '¦¦ '¦¦ '¦ : --:"¦: f ¦'¦-'¦'• '¦'¦¦[:
FXftTNER— Lady or gentleman with .. $800 can '
: double their money, in one .month:
.proposition. : Address box 4285; Call office, ¦*¦;.** -.':.¦
GROCERY store wanted: : mMt':b»;'oheap.'.; ; 'A<l-''.
: ; . dress: bpx 4370. Call pfflpe^; : : /; .":¦-. ;¦-;:"•;;:; %': ' r ;
"WANT to purchase a restaurant or; lod*lng-
.: house: ; Apply box .4369.; Call 'of floe. -;.',::>. :.*,.*¦ -¦
PARTNER In pork :, sausage and /delicacies
etore; steady man; small capital. • .*,- Apply 71
jThirdst-y/.- "- : ?y" .:'";/, .:/":¦ •.'.;.¦-:.¦.'¦ *: : •¦:¦¦¦'¦::¦¦¦¦ ¦
FOR rent— Shoemaker's' shop 'and- 8 living
-rooms.:- 4102 -Nineteenth st, r . aear Castro; nice
Tia c «; tow'reht.-';// :'-.; : .;': ",?¦;. '.';'-¦- ..¦.¦•;: ¦;¦
FOR Pale^CiKar stand ; : good, location:"* bar-.
gain. -Inquire at 301 Sixth at. .WM.;KARR.
LAV efflce f or sale: ; 200. books; '-.'- furai ture ;
; clients; J350. -73 Murphy.'-bulldlng..;- :.>¦¦-¦¦ '; y
IZZQ— PARTNER warited;: office bUßiriess; $75 tp:
¦ $ljO,per month, to, each.- Box 1357. CalL .;¦ /¦•'..
$50 WILL ; buy complete outfit fpr making Dla-
./phenie' glass. « Una.. -lanterns, etc.:; rip yxperi-
: enc.e '.riec'esFary;- no cprnpetltlcm. . .H. , M., -box
, • ' 4SCS. Call 'office.; 1 ..*-;¦ *-'y :'¦¦*' .'".{:.':¦¦'-' ''-.''¦ '-:-' c -. : -- : .*¦ '/ V
FOR ¦'•*- »ate— Good .'paying- restaurant near-, the
iwcter front: rent paid, till March 10.,, Inquire
: nl 1? Washington ft.. ?; ,;'-.;¦,. ¦:. ¦...- '¦--:¦ :>•"..'•';
WANTED— LtVenian with small capital to take
:/ lntereßt In msinufacturlr.g business... Box 4361,
:-. cailA--.: 7;; ; ;-: ?.*:- -':--: : '"' -.;' .' '-¦' *: : ." -' : '' ¦ . '¦.'¦•-•'-¦':'¦.-,• •: '¦¦
SALOON; with 3 llvirig rooms; '.''must* be Sold at
:once; owner going away. Inquire 50. Seventh.
FOR sa!e-^ Fine downtown route on The Call;. ln
bufiness section of the city; ¦ 1121 Filbert st> .
GROGEU Y store in : Western Addition. ¦'. Apply
;;-.W.;D.. CASEY. 8043: Sacramento.. "...•¦-.¦- ¦
Sl7OO CASH^Corner grocery and, bar; gr>dd' lo-
cation . and /stock; , 2 blockfi from Market ; st ; :
no.aeents -wanted. ; 1713' i .Mission st ¦'•; '- ..•¦¦'
A EALOON/ for . sale cheap; ¦ located In- the
¦ Potrero. Apply on premises,- .1543 ; Kentucky. -
NO. 1 butcher business. $1400; fixtures,. \ horses,.;
and wagons cost;s2ouO; bargain. Apply:
/ ; Butcher. ;37S/.Shctwell st ¦ '¦.*¦:.' .•./' '¦'.* '.;:¦'.- '..'. .'-
ROUTE of: 544 papers on this '..paper ; for »ale.
Box 6. Oakland Pcstof flee. ¦,:;.....;..¦.,.¦¦ ' "-..-
COFFEE arid tea' routes' supplied -if. rom '•' GBX*».
;..W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento; St.- ; " .. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦*'¦ received at Call branch office, 2200; Fillmora st. :
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been; established at 1W« Va- ;
¦ lencja ;; tt.;/ . .- ~;';' i-.-..-.*i -.-..-.* - '.;. ; " •". ";:-' '¦'" .*¦ ¦ '¦* '¦¦ ¦'*'.'.' *.' - :
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been - established....:' at - the
northwest corner of. Twenty-second and; Ken-
, tucky sts.: open till Sp. m. ' ¦ : ' ' : ¦¦¦-¦•¦¦
; CARRIAGES AXD : WAGOXS.
TO close estate tbe ftbek of 200 /new and sec-
ond-hand wagons, buggy, carts and over 150
-Bets of harness will be sold at half cost, as
. business must be closed. 1140 Folspm, nr. Bth.
NEW bakery wagon' below . cost; prospective :
. buyer died. 1221 -.Webster st, near Ellis. :
NEW & id-hard wagons,, buggies.; carts & har-
ness, wk t driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET BEATING; AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted "with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-,
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel.. S. : 40. , .;.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. 0. , H.
STEVENS, mgr..: 28-40. fith st. : tel. South 2SO.
J McQUEEN'S Calif ornlaCarpet Cleaning C 0.,.'
"45$ Stevenson et. ; tel. South 225; lowest rates. .
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 4c
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944. ¦
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning C0;';240 14th.
tt; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. -Mission 74. .
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main 394. GEO.WALCOM. .proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 83$ Golden
¦; Gate aye.: telephone East 128. ' : ; ¦" '-"'¦¦. ' : 2^jiij. '
; : .:-: : '\y.'f /^spiritualism. ¦/-.,"'¦.: -y'y :: y;- : .
ATTENTION ! :...;;. r ;~"".i ...;.. REMOVE D !
¦ MRS. DR. A. D.; HOWE, • ? .:
¦ ¦¦;'. -The World's '¦ Most Famous Medium ¦ .
]} '¦¦'¦"' ¦¦ -;.'¦"-' -and Clairvoyant,, ¦:¦::-;? /;,¦.''",.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
:¦ : - " : ' ¦ ¦¦.:."':: to, the Orave:-' ; ./.',;¦¦¦:' ¦"¦--.-'....••¦." ¦--.-'....••¦. ,
-- Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.' •-:¦ ./
¦-.- '¦: . :¦:¦, .'."-..- -To the Sick Eepeclally ",.;:• .' :.'¦¦,.
Her assistajice i« pricelees: -Her . "Revealed j
\: Medicines." registered. and copyrighted, .cure
1 : all diseases on earth, consumption.-paralysiß,
i rheumatism, all eklri diseases. :/ heart; .and
'nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
I she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
j'V::-.: ¦."-¦::::'¦¦" .^-WRITE. ¦.;.-". ¦¦'-'¦ -'-:;•¦;¦.•¦:¦•;¦:¦:
\ If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands ha\-e been, made rich, happy ., and
.'''-bealthy., without ever having come tp see this
"/' wonderful, woman.:.; Consultation' by mall Is
always successful -and .satisfactory, arid '.all
correspondence is/kept . sacredly. confidential; -; -.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
I :•" Offices reiroved ¦* to - her ..reEldencfti ¦ i 1061
Seventh : aye..: Esist Oakland, ; Cal. ? :
¦ N. -B-— Take 8. F. broad gauge ferry and
'-.-'"get; off. .at-Cllntpn /.¦.'."•'Statlo.n;' 4 2d. station /from
-•.Broadway. * ' -.:'-/:,-' ¦•-.'.'¦"¦'.' :¦:::. ' : :_i2—LlliJL-^IIJ-
CLAIRVOYANTS ANDSPriRITUALISM.
MrV^^T^^VhTtNEY. UO4 Market: trance,
test ': business medium; life reader; also medl-
¦¦• ¦¦¦ cal clairvoyant; (stamp for/circular: •tttingss"L"
DIVSMORE, celebrated-, clairvoyant,: will '.hold
j gVand clairvoyant test Beance. Tues. *¦ andV-Fri.*,
; '>vgß'; : at 7:83; private sitting* : dally. 218 Eddy.
i TEST, to all Thursday, 8- p. m;.. '.MRS.. MAX-
| : - ' WELL'.:..l23s;'Hcward;gt;7 : 10p." -..;-;; : ! :¦*:¦; ;.-;-,.:>¦
I MME YOUNG'S convincing test: circle : : to-
I: .night COS McA-lUster st. ; . 10c; come, skeptics.
EDWA RD E ARLE. ¦ independent ' slate ; writer,
330 EUls *t; circle Suri; and Wed, evenings;
MRS VIGAR'S test: meeting to-rilght, 10c' ;i4B
.: Sixth st. ; room .7; sittings daily.: ?.;¦. yv;;;:'
I MM E '¦ ' MORE AU,' the: :' best medium '•. and ; card
I. reader; 25c up.; 73- Fourth ;5t..,-;near:- Mission.
j ; ARNOLD./ DICKSON: give everybody tests to-
{.. night. 10c: sittings. gc.-Wc,-' 148 Sixth, room 1.
MEDA HOSKINS;:I423 Mkt,; bet 10th: A^llth;
¦ ¦. cir.Tues.: 8 p.: m. '.;¦ Thur./ 2 p. m.. . 25c : Bit dally.'
HE ALING arid develop' k mert'um ; ; eatlßf action ;
' , readings ;2Scand 50e this .week. »42 Mission.
MME. ' 3H AFFER. clairvoyant; ; card reader:
...- ol'tlrJEs; daily. ,¦: 2l2*4 ¦".Sixth st .--.-.;¦¦•-: ¦'::¦:'¦.;"¦;'¦
MMfi; ZEREDA Of .6 Seventh st is the. original
: -gypsy llf e, reader;, readings. 25c.';- ;;¦: - : ¦'¦'.'.¦;•-'• ;¦' '
YOUR future told by. cards, : 25c. . : 944 . Howard
¦' ',•-. .st;;-:lf. a-'\m.' to iQ;.p." m.v-,v ;' :. '¦ ..-. --:.; >.'¦ ;"\.;>.
MRS KBERIIARDT, spiritual te«t meeting. 7:so
¦ p m,.:10c. 3250 22d. bet. Mission and; Valeacla,
¦ MRS ELLIB-r-Te»ts to / all; circle Tues.; Frt.. J
¦ '= p. m.; Mon;.' 8; 25c; sittings '$i;.-. 233 Valencia.
; MME. AUGUST, clalr\-oyant card. reader and
;'. ; . palmistry, : 25cj. truth: Or no pay.- v 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA; reads- life fluently; business
: I.¦:-I '.'¦:-. advice ; names given; 25c up.;-. s. Fourth St.. ; '
' I MME SYBlLLE— <:ra<lle to Brave; future hun-
• I ; band's picture,: 25c: ladies.' -014 O'Farrell »t. •
'.' :;=¦•'¦¦; ;/; ,; /COTTAGES TO /LET.; >.¦/.;.
; S-ROOM- elegant cottage; 'modern; bath ; and
; ¦-¦: .--baggage room; rent- reasonable; quiet; refer-
, - ences. Sl7 Seventeenth St.. Oakland. ;.V-"; .V-" ,• :(
; COTTAGE,. 4 rooms: "furnished; rent reason-
/able; quiet; -references.' / 816. Seventeenth -st,
:¦ -.Oakland. • -. . : ¦¦¦;¦¦'. :yr-.--' ••''¦¦-' -' : ' : L ::¦/:-/:'/"¦::''»:'.
; I 3-ROOM cottage; large; 10t.'.. 4068 Twenty-sixth
.'• . Pt. bet . Noe and Sanchess; $S. '.... ¦-. '•:.'.;: v.;;- ;
. SUNNY cottage. 6rpcmBr yard; $12 CO; 1108 Fll.
' : . bprt st-.rir. .Leavepworth.; .Apply.'lUlViyalleJ.p.
L COTTAGE. ;«' .'rooms, 'bath, large '• yard. .1911
» . Point Lo.bos; ave.;/ near Ninth./ :? ¦* 'j- ¦¦'.*¦.'
' 6- ROOM ct tta»e : i 23V4 Moirris ; a ye, ; : befc Harr 1-
. />cn:and Bryant nr. 6thi key next door.-. N0u23.
t' ¦:'.v-';;^;cbLLECTION:'^pFIi-ICES.V;r-; : ;
'.. GEORGE. w;. KELLY'S Agenby; no • charge ua-
' less -successful. '. 'KoPhi ; JlO. SS7: Market st:..
';¦ •¦•.:..; ..'.: ¦';;. •-"•-:¦>¦•; DENTISTS. ¦ ;; yyyy yy
; X--'dflT t^- B:rifiG^i7«'"'^entaT^p^ro onu:Tiri0 nu : Tiri
-..Market Bt..' over-Cafe. Kinkand— Teeth extract-
i -ed- without. p*ln by use of electricity, gas/01
chloroform; alao by. local anaesthetics applied
to the gum*:/the best and most artistic dental
- " work at- reasonable prices:' pure- gold' flillngi
c. :Jrqmslup;:pther fillings from 50c: badly.de-
. ¦ c»yed teeth' carefully treated and 'filled:, 01
r . crowned without path: .plates that fit .frott
1- . $4 60 upr open erenings. and Sundays. '. ¦':¦'
- DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144$ Market . st. ¦ rieai
1 - . Eleventh — Crowns, bridge work and fillings 1
/ ' - specialty ; all .work reasonable; gas given. - ;
- • 4 dentists. :r ¦,_.':. ';.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate,. 15; a "5
. full set of teeth on.a gold plate. $25; teeth ,
- -without'- * plate; *'crow-n and bridge work.. our ¦'
•specialty; see/our, fleih-colored plates,' thinner. ;
• and 'Stronger' than ¦ rubber, warranted -for 20 %
years; fillings., 60c; crowns. ,$3 50:.. all work I
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par- .
'¦_vlpr»;';24 Sixth st ¦¦ .-:,., ¦ .-;."':¦.: *v : -V '''",*'v^ •'•".. *••'
AT. tjie: ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC; 809 Mar-
ket: st; cor.' 4th.. -rm. 7. Flood- bldg.,' you; can fe
' .: have your extractions , done painlessly ;. teeth -. :
-without.: plates -our specialty:, gold : crowns.' .
:$3 Wup-./plates.' extractions free; $4 50 /up: ' of- <
'.flee hours, '!«:¦ m: to 10 p. m..;Sundays.-:9,t0 ;i
;p. m.. G;.W:: WILLIAMSON.: M;D. Manager. : »
'DR.'-GEdRGE'.*'w.?LEEk:;'Vi6-G*FarreH'sti.*-.exi i
. tracts : arid ' fills teeth painlessly-: by; his won- ;¦;
'derful secret- method : /crownß,. $2;-bridges, $4; .
: : : / rubber, or.. flexible/plates;; s3: 'received; .B .first ;
prizes; no. students:; "guaranteed 12 -years.^ .;•..-. ;
FULL' set of teeth, . $5;: gold .crowns. .$8; new .J. J
"v methods In. brldre. wcrk; fillings.'. gold, $1 up;- ;'
-."silver." 60c'; painless extraction. 50c;, gas given; •_
'New York Dental /Parlors, 963 Mission, cor. 6th. -,
IDEAL- goM'filllng inserted .for 75c • • with writ- ; ¦
- ten guarantee for/5 years; plates, $3: crowns," •
; : $1..; IDEAL pENT" A L. CO.. 6, Eddy st *-* *.?.. : ¦? j
PARIS Derital- Pariors, 235 Kearny,. cor. '-Bush— 'I
'¦/Full set,, of; teeth., $4;/ crowns;; $3; fllHncs, ,250. ¦_
GITABANTEED dentistry; $1 week; we refer tp •?
' ;'«000 patients.;"; Esmond Dental Parlors. .43 Sixth. .
:VA: VAN -VROOM— VPalniess": evenlncs and/Sun- •
; :.day«v;.* lool ?Market;st.; ;corr>er; Sixth. : -.' 'y ;., . ., - 1
SET;of ; teeth.' without ;piate.;: DR. • H. O. I
J YOUNG. :JB4l'Pplk St. ,':: -:¦ .-"-•.'•. :y' ;-.¦-':.'?-•¦'.¦ .". '
OHIO Dental^>-r-i6rs..lric.::;B;rTaduate operi^J .
. ton': open everilTigs and; Sundays. 850 Market.- .
DOG HOSPITAL.
DRrBUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, :Flllmore—
/.Advice androedlcine 76c; city visits $1 50; all .
animals treated: dogs: boarded. Tel. .West 636. .
DRES^MAKEnS AXD SEAMSTRESSiEgI
, McDO^'ELL • Dressmakirig fSchool ; sewing' de- ;
• -pertment open to all, during; March. 103. Post. ' t
B. Fi bressmaklnK; Ladles' • Tailoring School ;
?,;:F rench tallprlng Byslem" taught. 305 Van Nqsa. -.
PARlSlANdressTiia.k.ing.:; 387 Geary iit.;/dreas'es. *
: made. $6 up ; dresteß made pver; perfect fit,. .-¦ -
ACCORDION pleating: factory. AH Itjnfl* fijeat^ : -
.-Ing.plnklng. .121 Post over O'Connor & Moffat J
¦;-- ; V\; : \-\ : >: ;-¦ ;Ept;cATipXAiu::V' ] ¦}'[¦¦ -. ; ;' : -;. : : ;. ;,'•
HDALD'S Bußlness College, 24 Post st.,>S. F.^-
'.: Practical cour»*« in; bookkeeplna:. -shorthand,, "
:; typing.- ./languages. .' telegraphx.; .: English ..;•
• branches, -plyH.'- electrical .and. mining engln-. -
:'.'- eering;/ etc.;- riew' Sa-page catalogue.; free. . '¦ .- ' .;.;
BOOKKEEPING a* It is: done: superior poet-
; graduate course; rapid calculations. TARK, ._
.-.expert accountant. Flood building." ...'..-.. ¦ .:. r-
ALL' -stuaents . ; but -two '.taking— full .course .
this year got positions.:, SAN FRANCISCO
-BUSINESS COLLEGE.- .1236 Market St..-.-: _
ENGlNEERlNG \schodl, '..'civil;^electrical mining, -
mech.. survey, asuay, 'ar'chl:.; day. and. even.;-- .
est; . 1864., VAN PER N AILLEN. 933 Markat; *
TO '^Morning •'.¦•'Call Home - Study,- -readers— ¦
Classes forming: French conversation.- " Mer-
-cantlle Library. 530 0. G. aye., r. 5, 6; hrs..:t-B.'
AYRES'.BusIneBS College.: 723 Market st: life "¦'¦
; BCholarshlp.:ssoT .send for catalogue.* ;, '; : •'. :-.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, -quickly taught;- ,'•
. ¦ priv.' pr class.- Barker's Academy. 927:.MIssldn;;
EEPINA, Penman: business writing a/speclalty; ¦
- engrossing; Spanish. ., 337 Phelan building;/- ¦
ARITHMETIC;, bookkeepln'g. grammar, writing, ¦
¦ etc;;. day. or. eye.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission,; nr.- 6th./ v
CIVIL service coachine ;• ; day; ' evening/ ; ; Sari •
¦ Francisco Business .Collage. .1235 Market st. ;; :<
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof .Merkt. success-
ful teacher.- 1008 Mleslon;best methods.results. :
PIANO;- banjbi : : mandolin; ¦'"¦ .reasonable terms;
-*.-¦ thorough ln«tryictlon.' Studio/ 405 Geary.-r.:47. .
CLASSES in German, French. Spanish: 12 per
' .. month;,. Add., Language Teacher,' 904 Taylor., -
SHORTHAND taught personally arid by mail; ,
¦ laneruxce.fi.VMlFs M.VG. Barrett. 302/Montjry.
'¦¦ : V;.. ; EMPLOYMENT/OFFICES!.:; .:.::.; '.'¦ '
A JAPANESE and Chinese, employment ;pfflce,'.'
• -N0;. 30 Geary st; established over .5' years, rer ,
moved- to 421- Post st; near Powell.'-' GEO.
¦-' •'¦AO.KI. ' 421 Post st; telephone Bush;l3s. ,".';. "
FIRPT-QI*ASS' Japanese,; : Chinese employment' '
office; best -help ' fur.: .' cooks, ¦/ waiters, etc.'- ¦
.; ,Chas'..Araniprti So6ft Stockton;- t«l. John. ZI2L
ORPHEUM Empioyment Office-rJapahese,; Chl-V
. ''¦¦' ne»e. '¦". 426 Powell, near'Sutter; tel.: Black 1321. ' ?.
CHINESE and Japanese ¦¦'Employment pfnee-^r
'.Best.help,: 414H O-Farrell/gt:: tel. .East 426. *¦ ..
EMPLOYMENT ; WANTED— FEMALii.
A NEAT, colored gtrl' wishes situation as cook;
first class ¦In all brariches; best; references;.
;:¦' city Or country. : VMßS. NQRTON,. 3I3 Sutter.
AN Ensrllsh- middle-aged woman. •/ good^ ; cook
and house worker; $15 to. $20. MRS,.; NORTON, .
¦V 813; Sutter st.; : .- -.'•.;¦ ¦¦:':}:¦ .-;*¦¦; ; ; /--'.';/. .-? :/ ':¦¦:'¦:¦,.'¦¦':¦¦' ; "¦:'¦¦
A SWEDISH nurse girr wishes, situation.^ or
." would do: second- work;: references.:; MRS.
;'; ' NORTON. 313 Sutter St.; 'f-^;. ;.;''.- ';.. : ; ¦¦:.,¦:?:• '¦•¦¦ :.-: '¦:
REFINED. mlddle-aKed. woman wants position
: In'- city ; a» "housekeeper •¦or, 1 general housework;
in widower's /family; good cook; .kind and
pleasant: ;1 year In laet place; best, of : refer- -
• ences. Call from'.lo--a..-mi until 5 /p. m.,; 630 ;
/.Golden Gate aye:'.; room: 39. ;„•¦ , ; ' .¦¦;¦;.;..: ;-^ ;.:¦
POSITION, as housekeeper::/ good '"'cook and:
- seamstress ;;. wlower's .;: family ./preferred., or.
• would cook for men t ¦ city or : country ; refer-
\ : ences. : /Box ;.4333. Call of flee. /. ,.; ;;: ; :.'y,,". /.'¦-
HOUSEKEEPER'S: position, wanted ' by ;Ameri-.
. can; woman; thorbuKhly competent :1n.;..: In .;.. every,
¦'respecti'gpod cobk and manager;;city Af/ooun-.
: '.try. -/Box, :4387/;Call;pf flee;."/.; ;¦';,',¦; ..- : ;/:". ;.;;; .
BY ¦.TOi^^tefat I V^in^^''i^iU6fl'-.r-aJiV-V?rbrkin*;
. ; housekeeper; good cook and manager: best ¦ of.
¦' references; ' no objection- to'."-\cpuntry.', ..770'
¦/¦O'Farrell etlj -A : : '"; ';"¦.";¦'"'¦;;'¦' : : o- ' '.;¦'" "-' : ''- '>' ':
COMPETENT; woman;; understands cooking; Is'
:. ' kind to children ; housework ; wages moderate.
V 822 Jessie street;, between Fourth arid Fifth. ;;
YOyNG-iady/wishes position asjsaleswornan in
«ore; verj- best of references. ; Address. MlSS
':. -L.; LARSEN. NoyatoV'Mariri County,-; Cat, ¦¦? -.'
vBY.i reliable"' : 'woman,- tp.v do .¦jhoiisework::/. tood
cook and worker:'. wages '-$lO to; $12 '-'per mpnth.-.
.¦;."Aptily at .7?/ Jeß»le.,rt. : r : hr>..'postalß.' ¦.;..;¦/:¦.¦"-./¦•¦.
SCANDINAVIAN:. glrliV:speakinfr '..'"English.;*' arid'"
French .' -wishes to go:, to' Paris as .iiurse -or
¦' maid ;;;wagesno object. -Call' at - 2623, Calif orrila.'
RESPECTABLE .; woman. -^^^: wants ..position 'In
'•¦• small .family, ¦ general : housework;- good cook.
-'Apply. 20 ."'Eleventh st;-.- ;¦ '.* "]'-.---v; "j'.-."''"' ¦'"C ] *.\'-y
MIDDLE-AGED- woman; -regular- Boston- cook;
¦ . wages ! IIS:-- and . $20 ; nice. ¦ family ; -no ¦ postal s :
, : ; answered;. ; 228. Minna; st; : ;:' '.-.. • -:•::-' '..-r'-i--': -.:•' : ' .- : ;•'
" YOUNG girl I tor hounewbrk, cookinp:' good city
v reference.'; Call at ISVi. Moss st,\ between Howf
/ jvord '-"'and-.. Folsom. ¦•;-; '••¦:"'.--'\..... ¦'.'.¦: '¦'/:'; : .- *-."¦"": v>-'-"' •;¦•;*'.;:.
•RELIABLE ..yourigxglrl desires .generai;.' work,.
: ''¦•: cooklne; •-' wages $w.- 241; Hickory aye., .near
/';"Van;'Neß«.//-.;;: •."-.* •:.".¦,•'-; ...-.". '•¦;¦.. \-"'- ¦¦..¦-.¦''.•;/-; I- ¦-*.'¦: "*•''•..
ELDERLY:- woman ?' wishes '.a situation' to do
¦ ' light housework: or take care ptchildreri.- Ad-
..•:vdres;s'M.4D.;.v.llD3/Powell;.Bt.;'.:'': : :;¦;•';:..¦.; ; \.- : *
CANADIAN --Proteßtant: iwoman- wishes -ppsl-
• tlpri" to do cooking ' and housework.' ..Cau. 42Q
,• McAllister. ;st:v :¦';¦¦.;: .-' ¦;¦ ¦:>.:¦- -y::'y:y-'- j . -.¦ ;/' '*'V..-.;'; ¦
'GIRL.; would 'like: .tt place as ;.chamberrnald or
. ! v^ waltres.BA-; Addjiess- box.' 4366,. ;Cali-offlce;'.V : ¦'•
WANTED-^Sltuation by young German v glrl ' to
. care; for /children. 1 ;; Apply 85 '.Austin aye.','.'. -.-.
FRENCH glri wants.^ :"a position: Is a. good cook;
¦ / wag>s:.s2sv" 1338. Washington; st.' : .. '¦'.¦¦.-.¦;,'¦;•.';• '-'¦':
FRENCH girl wants" a • position as chamber-;
? maid; wages $25.;, Call at.- 1338 Washington. st.;'
: YOUNG : girl wishes to. do general ;hpusework;
;, - wages ' 520. • C<S 'Howard.-' 'st ";¦'¦'•¦. , /' :(, . . -?;. ¦• : -' - ;.".;¦
COLORED .woman, wishes- day work or wash-:
: • ing r'tb'-* 1 take -homei' or situation ¦.¦ at • general"
¦• housework.- or: as nurse during, the. day. * . Ad--'
;.':;drcSß;boX;"43BQ.' Ca11..-:-' .; . V;..v""-A ' *%¦:; '..y^*. -{-y ¦¦';¦¦'*
A" ' GERMAN • girl > wishes '/work:- washing arid
' -Ironing by the day; : Tel. Main 6332.: 418 Pow-
' /- ell, stV-.yv, ;.;;¦¦•: .'¦'-:•:;;-; "•:,-'¦ : v :¦:".-?¦¦•.. y'-Yj ¦< ! ".-*:';•.
A - GERMAN refined j lady jj wishes '- positlpn : ¦an
./.working housekeeper; city pr/ country; rip tri-
.- •*' fiers,-- 418; Powell st-i • ¦ -' ;.• . \' .'•: *. .'*•.:-. ;,-.':• -..'
A * GotiD reliable girl .wishes ja ¦ situation to do
"upstairs .work - : and;' sewing ;v good:' ref erences-
-eiven: no postal- answered/ Apply 440% Jessie.;'
CHRISTIAN-- woman .'wants -. place* as house-'-
.' ' keepeir". wages'- $10' to $11.:- CeXl Vo> address:
- ;-MRS:- ll, 'EjvF,; ;74"l^Howard st ;,/ ;.- 7.: :: ; '.* . : / . :.
WOMAN wants position; chamberwork. or mend.
¦'¦'. .bed linen; or will take/home work or dohouse-'.
'¦•;¦ cleaning: frprii ? . to" 4, .•"•Address box. 4373,' Call.:
TRURTiVORTHY.' womari : se«!ks ¦ a ¦ppsltion'; as
¦: housekeeper '-'or' second : /work In.a "priest's
¦ -house: ,no objection to country'; can ; be well
¦••'*. recommended: .206 Eddy: st; ? •; •' ..;.- • : .- ..-¦¦ •
SCANDINAVIAN -woman- wants ;» situation '-.as
.-cook for men •in the; country .'; no: objection "to
*-' loggirig or mining :catnp, .'Call . or address :517
;' Ninth st;',.l Oakland. v.;" ; ;/.-' .';¦'. : --' : , ; ¦"';;':. '.¦.•"'••' ':\'l
•WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.,: riear .Mar-*
5 ket: 200 rooms:; 25c to $1 60 : night;. $1 50 to $«
.'¦ . week ,;.' corivenlent- : arid . respectable; free .'bus
t and ' bageaKe . to ; and ¦ from f erry .'¦¦'.' •;. .; :' . ;
CLASSIFIED- advertisements, and subscriptions
; received at. Call - branch pf flee. 2200 FUlmpre st ;
A 'BRANCH office, for Call advertisements' and
'-'.eubscriptlons. has been established at 1096 Va-
¦ vlencla st;;.^'-,;:V- v- . .; .':.;:/ - .¦:/';¦•::¦:-/;.; \ '.;
¦A .BRANCH; office for: the reception of adVer-'
tlsements and: subscriptions, has been opened
v,at 1223 Polk st;; open till .9 p,-m ; .-; : y. ; .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has/ been established . at the
.' northweßt corner of • Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky stfl.; open until 9 nm. ? ¦- : ¦ . .'¦" ¦•-¦
T^ -SAN FRANCISCO OAL
I HELP WANTE'O— FEMALE.
GIRL ' to -. assist .¦ in . : general ' housework ;¦'¦¦ smaU
;¦. family;.'' wages $15.--r14138 Mason st : :- : , '¦' ;'/v-
WANTED4-A glri 16 or 17 years: old, to assist
•at housework." 638 . Valencia st;' near. 18th./ -..
GIRL for hbusewprk; : wages $12 to $15.: 2804
-¦t;r--.vy;-.- ••'.,•.-; : .p ¦•-;..>' "y'yyyyy.^ ";.--¦>'
WANTED-^-Improvers on waists and flrst-cJas*:
¦;¦¦ talloress. V/FRANCES. : 796 -. Sutter; St.; y.,;:; ¦ ¦:,:¦-,¦ .''
.WANTED-^-A". ypiing' woman ', who;- understands
- plain . cooking.. ,6/ Polk;; st /;- .¦•'.'.;• :;.< ¦;';¦'; '-''Vii":
WANTED-^A .heat: girl: for second : work; apply.
..".'between .9.' and 12; -..2932 Jackson:- st: '-yy.- ¦'¦.¦.- ¦'-'
WANTED— Good restaurant 'waitress/. at : 7 Tay-<:
/;:lor-: St.; ¦t6.:\".r- .;: .:•,;-,' ¦;,;•¦..:":; ;.¦¦;.' •.':.•¦•/ ••'>;¦'.'.¦¦ ..' '•/¦•;':.¦'
GIRL, 12 or 15/fdr company and care for chll-
..'•dren; wages $s;;,2i6;Hlckory ave;-;y;V ;;.;'/:. A/
YOUNG woman as , housekeeper :.: .t Or.- wldo'wer:
; ;; and.3 children; y ages $15: /;807 Filbert :st /',¦¦:*",
I WANTEDiGood,' steady- flnißherspri parits.-.a
f;. Eighth \Biy\.y:yy:,:y'\:i\;-yi;yyy'y--yy^'r'^
ELDERLY' woman.' to assist -with' housework:
$5 mo. . 5V4-; Monroe, .near Stockton.; oft Bush.;
GIRLS wanted:: y'-{yyl\ yS'' : -'-'Qy~--ll; ::>
To work on shirts: be«rtnner« taught ' LEVI
; '• STRAUSS A C0... 88H Fremont ; st: elevator.
EXPERIENCED operators on skirts and shirt
¦ : waists. HOFFMAN. A STEINHART. . 41J
.-'.; Market :st :'.;-.''' -•*;--; ¦- ¦¦'¦¦¦¦ ;^."''''>: ¦¦-?;,,:,'.;'::¦; ••;
WANTED— MiddIe-aged lady. to assist In house-
'• work/in: Alameda; good, home and wages. >36S.
.: .Dolores: st,. city."';. '3, ';¦:;::.•.. : : -"*">• 'y-'v''-'-'-'- •"?•*-."•'
WANTED— German . girl for housework : and
- cooking.; .Apply between »..and 12,.' 414; Van
: ;'J Kess . ave^\;/;. •'?' .--,/: .':; . ¦ -yy' ¦:¦¦:'¦¦¦'' :-'.'.- ';¦¦:¦:¦¦'¦¦'¦;'¦':¦'¦'¦¦:
WELL-EDUCATED : and experienced young
nurse «lrl for boy * years old; mustdosew-
;.-' Ing. ., . 997 .; Golden ; : Gate .aye; -: .- : - ' : --,- : - ,5 . ' -.'»¦•:; '>-.--
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.:
STANDARD SHIRT. FACTORY. ,c»r. Gpugh
-/and : Grove -sts.-' .•,';.•.;:¦¦;"•'-"¦ .i''--yi .-•¦'-.¦••¦;¦¦•"¦. -.-'¦. - : :-." •¦
¦ WANTBD^-Nurse ; girU: /Call 2827 Pine st ¦'-:¦: '¦-'¦}
GiRL tor/ housework^: 7 Call /113- Bartiett ''-%X. :.'>¦:¦''¦
WANTKD^-A girl for light housework and take
V care, of: baby,.,: Call at 204 Sixth Bt;;;- ¦;¦••¦ •-..',,
WANTED— GirI ¦ to work :In bakery ¦ and .assist ¦
..with children." .2808: Twenty T fourth St. ' . /¦
A GIRL for general housekeeping. 2811 • Bu-:
':. clianan';: : st-- : /-/.';..'. : -' ; ..:'V;v . ;", ?¦:'.:' ih: - ?l '*"'.--" : . '¦"¦'¦'
AN lmprpyer on skirts.; Apply, at 1181 .O'Farrell
..'¦street'. ''.;-•.•¦',' '¦;.'':'•'-..'•-."'-¦'.' ':: : ;'-- .":'-.;''¦ '-.':¦' A "'.:¦: '•/
GIRL for general ¦ housework In small family.
, : 1281 O^Farrell'St." • ':.'; :y '¦". •'•-'.',¦• -'::'¦' n ¦''..
GlRL'for sfeneral housework. 2915 . -Franklin
''.-, street." -. r.': ''¦:¦•'.:". ''''..¦: "':•...•;:¦=;'¦' y : i_ -.,/--'' '¦•-•:' -'¦
YOUNG girl. 14 years old." to make herself geri-
erally .useful.';,944;Geary;Bt': ,-V' a ¦>"':;.'.¦:¦>¦
WANTED/^A tailoress pri flrie?.coa(sr wages $10
.'• : to jit. • 511H Jones st.v hear. O'Farrell.,;. y ;. .
WANTED^FemaIe help at the National Laun-
•¦; dry, 4U Sanchez St; v < :.. y.yi : ' : •';."' C ;;V '¦¦;.'./:•. ¦' ; .
LADIES' ' -cloaks, suitß.'..sl- per -'week.'-' Eastern;
j- .Outfitting Co.; --1306 Stockton, near . Broadway.
CLASSIFIED : advertisements and subscriptions
received. at Call branch office. 2220 Fillmpre.
A BRANCH officefor Call advertisements and
:'. . subscriptions has been established at 1096. Va-,
. tencla.st. ..;.¦ ..-:.:,-¦'.¦ : : .-; 'y ,¦•¦';''¦'¦.'{¦¦ yy ¦".;
A BRANCH. office for the reception of adver-
1 ¦ tiserrients .and subscriptions • has been . opened:.
V-'tt- 1223 Polk. St."; openuntllVS. p. : m.:.- .' . . ' ;.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsemerits arid
¦.subscriptions has been- established; ; at' -the
' northweßt-corner of ' Twenty-secpnd'.and Kenr •
' tucky Bts:: operi'until Sp. .m. .:.¦,'.. •'¦• ¦ .:¦
¦'."¦¦. -A'; yjlEJjP >VAJitED--MALE;';';; -' ;' ; ;
A^fu^RAY^R^bY..\TpHONE MAI?TsB4B
'.Leading- Employment -and ' Labor .Agents, .
..WANT. TO-DAY.. 7 A. ' M... ....,.- , : .
?'• 1 mllk.^wagon drivers.;/.. 525. and $30 and/fpund
' Choreboys and boys for stores, . porters, . etc,
~ : ; :.MURRAY;&,RE^Y;:634^636-,Clay::st; .'¦;'
A— HOTEL, Bakery, Laundry and Other DeptSi
14 c00k5:.;....'545/ $40;535. $30, $25 and found
S'S walters;is32 50, $30, $27 60; $25,, $20 and found
¦ Second arid third .bakers; also-.laundrymen..
'¦¦¦:. .;...:;;;;.;.;.A' : »ii"i^". $40,' $30>nd. found:
= .:•; MURRAY & REApY.. <34-636; Pay: st
A— FARMS.'. Vl'. Dairies'. ... .".Stables arid. Gardens
.• 10 inen' or strong .boys.. to," work-around hop
\ '.fields, yards, etc' (no experience;, required) . .s3o.
¦ : 89 : intlkers ''and'.butte'ivihaiceni.v/^.-ivi^^iiiv.yiVi.;
¦v. : ;. ...... ..¦;•;•;; ;w..i . v;;540, • $35.: 530; $25 .and ;:fo»ind
:¦" Milk: arid make butter' from 25-:c0w5.:.;:..V,v.'..
""' ..;....;. . ;¦.:. .¦...'...¦; .v. . .;.......'. . ">'i ..$4O and found
.'.-:'¦ Head '' : -'d.airyriiari^ country.. :¦.. ¦'..•:.: :s4o: and.; found
'¦' 47 farrii; -orchard land '.vineyard hands for. all
parts of California.... 7 .'¦: ; s26. $25. $20 and found
.9 choremen and boys.. s2o, $15.: 510,. JB;and,found
.4 stablemen ¦". and " 3 Igardeners . ;.„-.:. . ,'..'. . ......>.:
i ;;;;vv;:.:ii^;v:.s3s, ; :s3o,Cs2s-and/ found
' ; Scores of places riot advertised.- Come arid see.'
...:.. y : 'OTItIUY't;;REAr>Y/to<-6a6Clayit
A— WE PAY YOUR FARES:;:'.V^.;.v;.:UV;..^;./
.;...;. ... ..-. ; ; . ;; ITO SAWMIIXS : AND WOOD 3
:'::'' 25; laborers .(no /experience required),; $26 . and
;:¦ found : '.•,'.;. . . ;'¦•". ••""• •'• •'•'• •'¦•"• .¦..'.'.».¦.""•". ¦.¦.¦.';.'...¦;¦.:
.'.884 tiemakers,"woodchoppers,:'poat and picket
- ; makers, etc. , $250, $2. $1 50. 750 cord, ; 10c r 12Cj
•;'l6c each, $4 60. per 10W, ;BHc. : each,: top-ls. and
v food -advanced/ '.•:'.:•:'¦-¦¦'.¦.'¦'¦¦:¦ , '¦:¦'¦/' i : '--- ¦"'"¦¦:? :¦:'.
¦'.: >MURRA.Y ; & r READY. / 634-686 Clay'; st ;
A. ;....., ..MECHANICAL HELP. ¦ ETC ...:.:...
':¦¦¦ 1 '¦¦¦ carpenters .-: for mine.V. ;..'.;.;; . .'. s2 50- per. day
.'.Wheelwright, ¦'• B ; blacksmiths' helpers,; 2 horsed
. ;" shpers, / $3 50 ; day; .-; 546 and ' $30 arid f0und;.. . .;. :,
: '¦ Foreman for a^^^.mine..;... ..'...;. ;¦.-. ;;¦..'; ;;..;:.-. 552
;'::^.--''4-'--^MT3RATr-&- : B^AI>T/i<B«-83t Clay st
'"^ii"^^^'WAN^D"TO^DA^^;v^
'"'. ; . ; . ; i . i '; ; ,i> ... Ship v T0rm0rr0w ... ;..'.';. ... ..'.'.'. ..
'A.' gang of railroad teamsters for Coast Road;'
• : Santa . Barbara/ C0unty. ; ;•; . :....: . , ; : .'.V;..v. ,.;.;.:
'-. "..'...;'; ':': '. ; ;'.¦.* ;.'.. .'i iF"ree -Fare .'..'.. . ...'.-. : .'.'.' ¦...'. .'."./
¦ ' ';-¦;.; C. P.. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary, sUy : ,
AT . C. R. ; H ANSSN & CO;' S ... 104 GEARY ST.
•- Jo : 'walters for hotels and' restaurants,.' city
-- 'arid country,'- $35,: $30, •¦ $27 60 and : s2s. )>¦.-£¦¦¦' :'.'<¦
'¦:¦.:"' to: coal- miners. '5 .quartx ;mlners^ $8.60 a
- day: polisher. 1 for : plating works, -.52 60 a: day;;
granite cutter, .'.marble, letterer: '; stableman,
countryi $25. C.R. HANSEN.. &.. C0,",: '104
'-. . Geary ¦'- st •: : ''. y ;/¦-¦'; ; ¦':. '-: ;v - ¦$'¦ .''-. - V-=' ! - ;: .:•:¦'-/ : i.'-V- /
'4 COLORED waiters.. country, hotel;- $25. :-C. R.
'HANSEN & CO. -104 Geary ; st. ; : •.¦;¦.;,:,'.>;.' -; ':•/'
JAPANESE waiters for a railroad camp; ¦ $25
¦¦• arid. free fare., .:c..R;':.HANSEN. ;&-. C0.,;. 104
V:.' Geary; st .y-.;,- r.;.-:*:-.--.-;.. -:^. ':¦;.. .-.--.;'--.¦;'..'••";¦,¦ .'."¦.'•¦."'¦'".-; .-';';¦' ¦
WANTED— Blacksmith, :". Burleigh ¦' drill : sharp^
-. • ener, $3 60;. harness : maker 'for ranch ; mllk- ::
' : ers^ $25: and. $27. 60;. !: farmers,: $20:-:.and ¦"¦ $26;
¦; Scandinavian driver/for milk /wagon;. $30 and
'"•; found; gardener for greenhouse.. $25 to : s3o and
/'-found; choremen. $10 and ; $20; -carpenters,
.-"¦•¦• $2 60 tp $3 day^; .J. F. CROS ETT;&.cp.; 628
-- Eacramentp'st:, "¦. -yyyyyy-y^yyyyy.y::^
WANTED— IO wpodchoppers 80c,' $1:00: and $1 75
.':'; cord ; .-' 5 * shingle :bolt . ¦•¦ makers, ' ': $1' 60, cord ; •' « ;
' tiemakersv- 12c;. 6 woodsmen. .sl;2s' to/ J2/:day;'
lumber .pliers:"' s26 and found; tallyman, $35
•'¦ahd found: cooks -.waiters, -dishwashers, .and
' : others. .. J; /F. • CROSETT . A ;. C 0. ,; 628 Sacra-/
'¦¦:': mento^st,'" 1 : :-'^.-;-j ¦/¦-:', o- '•.¦.'-.' ¦-'.'¦'. :"¦ '¦' ''/'¦¦ '-¦!-: .- : - "'¦..•;.¦.¦
WANTED-^Farmer: and ¦'¦ wife for .nice' ranch,
-. near; city,-, np- objection .to I : child, $35 and
/•-found :.-:l -milkers :f or ¦ good./'jpbs .ln.'Marln'
V : County,' $25; farmhands,', laborers,. -cooks ,-walt-:
V ers: and -dishwashers: waiter,, good -country
: : hotet : - $30, : - steady. ; and . others. V'W.: D.- EWER
'.'?-*'' CO-.,' 610; Clay ; st.^;'^ ./ ];?;¦ y,yi':iy: : yyy:;.L
WANTED-^ Young man as-clerk in the ; super-/
¦-. intending/architect's office of- a college,;- near
¦ 'city; must, write gopd',harid;'-.some:experienee
- In . architectural drawing preferred; salary
:'; $oper month. ;\V. D. -EWER & CO.;: 610 Clay •':
. BARB ERS'., Protective .'Unlon-^Thepnly • legal ;
¦•: organiied'uriionbn : the. coast; ;J.;J.. HEINZ.
'¦¦: Employment ¦ Secy; :/63O;,;Market.; downstairs,;' .-
/BARBERS'- Progreeslve'.' Union— Free employ*..
: ; : ment.'H, Bernard, Sec,y 104 7th ;;tel, Jessie 152.
CURRIERS '. wanted ; must ¦be strictly first-class
/shavers , arid "• sober. : : . H. N. ; COOK Belting
'.: .Company,-;. 317, Mission' st.'.':;, 'Z. :: ¦.'".-.: : -.'' -"••/¦.
WANTED^ Young {mani to ; : operate ' type-writer
¦-.".¦ (not , a stenpgraphe-r)-v -Apply . : P. ¦ O. box ; 2048 ; '
.. give references andisalary;. expected.. -/ . .:
WANTED— Steady- mian, .satisfied ;¦' with; $15 ¦' to '!
$18 per /week, -to .aßsist- in light work^sniall
. : : • capital/ required.; .' 1016 .Market -St.; } room ¦ IQ. ¦¦ ;
GREEN hands and' seamen to go. north for the
;•', Bummer, at HERMAN'S,:. 26' Steuart;st\ ;'.::.:.'
WANTED-^Flrntrclass ladles' Vtallors ;.: highest.
].-, wages; ;;;frances;'.796 gutter -st,y ¦'¦-y:yyi,:
STRONG-young'mari to learn, presßtrig/custom.
¦;'••• pants ; pay. while' learning..;; 411H -Kearriy: st;, .--.'
BARBER; "• good ¦'-. Saturda y" and ¦¦ Suriday ' man.'
V:9 '-Paclflc'';»t;.V.;" ¦¦>;':•¦¦•¦"¦>• v-A.'/?;:.-:.;. ; : ;.>;"'-;.v.
BARBER ¦with /one , ; year's /experience; 'apply
:.:• after 8. a.',ini;- ; .76;9*4 : :Howard. St.; ¦ ¦¦.¦->¦':.¦...'• >;-- : \;
YOUNG / .men to ¦-.- waif, on ; - table ; : - : $5' a ;. week ;
'•/reitaurarit.'-. 233; Slxth'st';; ¦.>. V.".,-,-";..".-;'- '¦''.'¦'i-.-.y.-'/
COMPETENT- stenographer who -speaks -Span-
: : lsh- Call or address rpoms. 30.-32. Crocker, bldg.
WANTED^Lunch .¦waiter,';: .605 .Montgpiriery.:st.,
FIRST-CLASS -pastry. '¦ cook;. ;no fee, ."Apply
; -. Cooks* : Assodlatlpn./ll. Stockton st:, . top; floor. .
COOK wanted; $20: p«r'.'.'ibanth';";-522 Main «t\\ v :.-
,^ANI)Y;--.iiniahV'*'nd-;'Uph'ol»t>rer' : '.'';in.'-.Vfurnttur«
. : - buslriees, ¦ . Address \ 839 / Broadway, .'. Oakl an il.: •
MAN -,thßt ¦ understands' : nursery- - ¦ and . . florist :
.x; work; 1. Apply- £00 Eighth st. :; ? ;. .'¦¦ yy ,¦¦'.<"¦.
WANTED-^Flrst -class cook for bakery, coffee
: : and - lunch ¦ room. . to 'be ¦ opened : shortly.'. • Ad-
.,.". dress '.box .4374. Call -.office. /„¦¦,.;.•'•¦•:,-¦.':,,.:¦
WANTED— Sober 1 barber; wages. $12/ and' pom. ;
,'.. will pay/f are If sat If factory and party 'stays.
¦¦'.':¦ H-; E:: JOHNSON. ;; San Luis Ohlspo. p»l: V, -.:
HOTEL barber shop of 2 chairs for' sale." cheap;
.- doing-. a good-business;: cash.or part::.cash.
-, Inquire . DECKELMAN: BROS.. 106 EUls St.;
10HENRY J. GALL AGHERCO.,.
¦ (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. "
830. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a'slxteenth: selling: three-year-olds 'and up; purse. J5OO.
850. FIRST RACE— One mile: selling; three-year-olds; purse, :}3so.
COAST HI VIsION (Nurrnn Ciune).
( Foot of Mirkct Street.)
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900, by H. H. STebert.)
OAKLANX> RACETRACK, Wednesday, February 2S,' 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVET*.
.•-.... '. Wednesday, February 88.:'
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, 3V» days from
Grays Harbor. •• : •¦•'. -.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 67 hours from
Newport. - - :.-•-.
. •;. DOMESTIC PORTS. - , .: .
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 28— Bktn Kli
kltat. from Port Townsend. .-•-•";. • • - - :
NEAH BAY— Passed Feb 28— Ship May Flinti
from Hongkong for Pugret Sound. ¦;-
*2CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
. ¦ - luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Trax.y Leaves Sax Francisco:
. 5 P.H. .Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving: In Chicago at 2:15
P.H la time to connect with all limited
• . trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
CXPDESS p# m * wittl Palace and Tourist
K. ,i w cars for Kansas Citj, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago aad Eaau ..^
Local trains between Stockton. VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tnlara ' nr% ar»
and Balcersfield. ROAD
SEC YOU IN . San Francisco office. 623
TDISCG SOON Market Street, Phone Main
TKI3CU auww 1531; Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street. . •
Crescent City Races.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 23.— Laat night's
storm made the track heavy to-day.: Re
sults: •i: '-•¦"¦'....'¦..' V •¦•"'¦ '•¦'. : :''.- . .•". .;•¦,.'• -\ : : ¦'}'.¦
One mile, selllngr, Loyalty . Cl»renct B
second, Bannle third. Time,- i:«Vi. :.
Mile and an eighth, telling; .-' Caviar won,
Fraßible second, ¦ Ben C hance third.. . Time.
2-C4*i ¦¦•-¦¦.¦'¦. '.: . ''.." ¦¦"¦¦ : .-'.- : '-.: ¦ '¦ "¦-'•' ' ; '-'
Steeplechase, short course^ handicap. Jack
Hayes won, Vpyageur second, Al Reeves third.
The' ! Lexington ' selling stake, haif mlle-^Sad
Sam won. Choice second. Plead third. Time,
:51%. ¦'• ..-:¦.: ¦¦ .¦. ' ¦ ; ' ; " " •••:.¦'¦
Eleven-sixteenths of a mile, handicap,
Strangest won. Sidney Lucas second, Eva Rice
third. Time. .1:54*4:... -..'•: '¦ : ' ' '.
Six furlongs. Zaza. won, Indian second, My
Chicken third. Time, 1:20%. • .... '¦-.¦¦
SAID HIS MARRIAGE
WAS ONLY A DREAM
OAKLAND; Feb.- : 25.-^Testlmony .was
taken to-day in the divorce action- of Lulu
Shane against George Shane; -brought: on
the ground of. desertion, and Court Com
missioner Babcock haa recommended that
a decree be granted. : The couple;, were
married in San Rafael, in October, 1897,
and shortly afterward the; gropin' created
a sensationby declaring that he had been
drugged; and that tha marriage was : all
a blank to him. He immediatery .deserted
Judge 'Ellsworth to-day, granted Edith
Horan a divorce from Dennis Horan on
the ground of willful desertion. Plaintiff
is permitted to resume her maiden name,
Edith A. Colbrlth;:;, . .. .: -•:- : '; :. '.. ;, .:• : •
MARBIED.
DEERING— BUCKLET— In this city, February
25. 1900, by the Rev. Father Lagran. J; Arthur
- Deerlng and Acnes M. Buckley, . both of Ban
'. Francisco. "¦ '¦¦•. ".- -..-."= • : . ..- :¦•.-;;-.'. • ¦¦'. ...
HOTTER— CALLAHAN— In this city. February
: II;- 1900. by the Rev. Father Collins, Joseph
F. Hotter and Frankie Callahan, both of San
Francisco. • ; • :';: ' ; ¦" ¦ . ; ¦ ¦' : : - '¦¦
REIMERS— LIPPERT— In this city. February
.26. 19W, by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, Gustave
Reimers and: Ellza,beth E. Llpoert.-.. . ..- • . ' -
PHELAN— FOLEY— In this city.'- February T7.
1300. by the Rev. .Father '-O'Neil, Charles-A:
. Phelan and :Loulse C. . Foley, both, of . San
Francisco.'- -'.- ¦'¦¦' ¦ ¦ : ¦ . ¦ .- .-
WALKER^McINNIS— In this city. February
2?. JJ)OO r ;.by the Rev. W. E. T>ugran, William
. Walker of San' Francisco and Rose Mclnnia
of Seattle. Wash.' :.... .-. ' • • • • ..
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAA. FRANCISCO. :....,;.-.w;;...W....^ rr ;..^;..; A^ v ;_ a / 6:>;ST.; PAUL.- " May 2«th ;.
A Steamer WiH Be Dispatched: Efenr Fortnight T&ereattgi\
--'¦^¦' ••: -•' FOR NOME; DlRECT fe#^^!^H3i
FROM S^TT^ NCISC ° —•••••••—•-••••••••••••- »8->: "PORTLANiy^lAprn ». ««
FROM SEATTLE ;....;. ............8 8. DORA"' Aorll 30 111
>..OM SAN FRANCISCO .. ...... .......„....,.„*. IZ^l £>^St^'Z:^&^.^
WSKMGOMMEEGIM IGOMFii
..;F"\OFt...
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
PROPOSALS.
DIVIDEND NOTICE--Dlvldend No. 102: (50
.. cents per- share) of the .Oceanic : Steamship
¦Co. will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, . 327 Market ': st., - on and after ¦ Thurs-
day, March 1, 1900. : Transfer books will close
on.Friday, February - 23. ¦ 1800. . at ¦8 ¦ o' clock
: P. m:->- v.-:E.- H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND KOTICBS.
. KELLY— In: this city, . Februarj' M.. 1900, James
Kelly, beloved brother of Thomas Kelly and
Mrs Mary Collins, a native of County Meath,
: -Ireland/aged 29 years..; .:. ; : ' ¦;¦- -. -•' ; -.-.V; 1 ¦ ;
LEWIS-rin FTUltrale, February 27. 1900, Almlra
M^ beloved wife of William A. Lewis, and
¦ mother of Mrs. A.: M. . Beale Urban; Walter
-.'. -S. ; and.-Charles Lewis, a native of New York,
''aged 67 .years.- ¦-•'":¦¦ ••.'¦•' .'¦¦..'. ¦''¦•"¦ '-.'^'-'-.S^
. . CTFriends. and acquaintances. are respect-
'•' fully invited to attend the 'funeral services
' to-morrow (Friday),: at. 2 o'clock; ' from'" her
'late residence.. Wheeler and Lloyd- avenues,
¦•¦ Fruitvale.-.-. ¦ •'• .-..v. .- •: - ¦:¦¦¦::': .'¦ '¦ ' ;- ! •''¦:'. •".-
LUND-^ln this city. "February 28, 1900, Andrew
' Hansen Lund.' beloved husband of. Mary Lund,
father of Niels and James Lund, a native-
' of Denmark.' aged 88. years,. ¦>?:: ¦•.«¦•--•¦.••.-
McELLIGOTT— In this city, February 26, 1900,
Mary; beloved wife/of James McElllgott, and
-' dearly beloved ¦ mother.'. of '.Mary. ' and : Gerald
McElllgott, a native of the parish of. Duagh,
County Kerry. Ireland, aged 62 years. . .".,-.•> . -'.-
¦ '¦¦¦¦ (C^FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully • Invited to attend the -. funeral this , day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock; from the; par r
¦ lors of J C.-" O'Connor-' & .:C0.,-767- Mission
: street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for ser-
¦ vices at 2 o'clock. -Interment Calvary Ceme-
: ¦¦'¦te'ry.-..- V-'-" <¦;:.':; ."-. : ;;\ ': •-.'.'; ;•- '-•-.-;¦.'•' ' ¦•'."¦
O'CONNOR— In this city. • February 27, 1900.
Jeremiah M..' O'Connor,-, brother., of 'Nellie
O'Connor, a native of Tarbert. County. Kerry,
• Ireland, aged 27-years/, '.: ¦.¦¦.;.- :•" .-;¦::- :¦,¦¦¦;¦¦
ICrFriends and acqualntancesfare respect-
fully invited to -attend the funeral this, day
' (Thursday) at :l0: 6' clock,, from . the; -'- parlors
' of J. •'¦ C. 6"' Conner & i Co..- 767 Mission' street.
Interment. Holy Cross Cemetery.'. ]:¦;..¦'¦ V.v - : •¦
O"BRIEN-In this city; February 27.. 1900;. WIU
liam beioveil son ".of George E,, and Mary C.
: O1O 1 Brlen'. a native of San FTancisco, . aged 8
-' years and B .months. •-. -: ¦; ' ..• , '¦'¦';:.. \- • .
REICHSRATH— In San Leandro. February 26,
1900 Peter beloved husband of Mary Reichs-
rath and ' father of Mrs. Mary Thompson
• and Henry, Louis and Pauline Relehsrath, a
native of Germany,, aged 61 years 2 months
' and 15 days. •¦ ':••>.:. ¦¦ '¦• . •'¦• : .'.'----. -: %•'¦ '¦*"¦¦'•¦"-¦.•
r?" The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday) at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, interment San Lorenzo Cemetery. .. ;
STEEN— In Riverside. Cal.. February; 2s, 1900.
Mary S.. beloved wife of EX : T. Steen, a na-
tive of Cooperstown.: N. V., and. a resident of
San Francisco: since 1853.' ... ; -; - . .. ,-.V
SILVA— In this city. February 27. 1900; Manuel,
husband of Rosa Sllva. and brother of Joseph
'.'• Sllva of Halfmoon Bay, a native of Aiores
Islands, aged 60 years- .¦; ¦': •-. •'¦. : .:.:.\< '•.-:;.•
TRBANOR-In this city, JP_ebrnanr », 1900.
Ellen, beloved mother of William. S. O, and
Hilda C. Treanor and Mrs. J. J. Reilly, Mrs.
C W. Mallett, Mrs. A. W. Doyle and Mrs.
¦Captain P S Murchison, a native of County
.Armagh, Ireland, aged :72 years. . \ : • '¦-.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 9 o'clock, ' from her late resi-
dence, 205 Virginia avenue, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
' will ¦be celebrated for the repose of her soul
7: at 9:30 o'clock. ..-. Interment.-: Mount- Calvary
' Cemetery. -': .. ¦ ••'•'¦'.' '":'?¦"}¦.,¦¦' . - :.'• ¦¦-¦': . ".- .' '¦
TALLAMINI— In the City and County Hospi-
tal February 2S, -.1900. . John Tallamlni, ana-
' tlve of Italy, -aged. 38 years.' .: . ¦ :¦¦.¦¦¦:
CARD OF THANK9--We desire to express our
•heartfelt thanks, to the members of St. Jo-
Beph's Society, members of Company; L. First
Regiment, California U. S. . V. . Infantry, St.
Anthony's choir and especially to Rev.
Father Raphael, O.F. M.,.and , the Gantner
'• & Guntz ¦ Uridertaklhir. . Company, for -their
kindness and -attention -shown us In our late
.bereavement. "'•••"-... ¦:¦'¦"¦' ¦! ':'¦'¦ '¦/¦¦ f ?"J.' '-;¦'¦¦'¦'¦¦ . ''¦;
Jerg (father). Caroline Jerr (mother),
Rosle Jerg (sister); Josef L- Jerg (brother).
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
020 KEAB.II sjt. Established
In I »3» for the treatment of Private
Diseases, LostMaiihnod. . Debility or
disease vrearlng on body and mlndaiid
Skin Diseases. The doctorcnreswbeii
others tail. -Try him. - Charges low
rart(faaraßt»f«. Callorwrlte.
Or. J. *'. UIBBOM, Box l»S7.Ban rranciaca
801. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs;' free handicap; .three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Time— V4 :24: \4; :4S: %LI:I3H. Good start. Won ridden out. second and third driving, win
ner, '3. W.O'Nell A Co.'s b;: g.; by Big Henry-Flora Leach. •Coupled with .'Andrisa. ' Bell
- outbroke - his field. Andrisa ' asked to concede too much.- - Mamie • G knocking all the way.
Ben Ledl rtopp«<l- Fretter away - poorly. - ; So was Afamada, nerer having a chance. "
(OAST DIVISION (Itroail flange).
(Thlnl nitcl TownsciiJ St».) .
DIED.
Arter, Mary A. Hlgglns. Capt. J. F.
Bird, Minerva M. .- Kelly,- James ¦ -
Bettis, Otis 3. ;' ¦ Lewis, Almlra M;' '•¦:
Brown, George - Lund Andrew H. '•
Bonacina, Joseph F. . McElllgott, Mary ...
Conway, Cathrlne ¦ O'Connor J. M.
Chapman, Mrs. Sadie O'Brien, .William •'
Carpenter, Mary D. Relehsrath, Peter '¦¦
Dennheln, Leon F. St^en, Mary S. ¦¦'
Dealey, Mary D. C. Sllva. Manuel :,'-.' :
Dusenberj'. Helena Treanor, Ellen
Ewald. Lizzie .. '1 Tallaminl, John..:,.
Feeney, John P.' . :¦* : ;'.-•'.' :'¦;'¦ • ' ' : .' :
ARTETt— Tn this city, February 28, .1900, Mary
A., wife of the late Albert R. Arter. and
mother of Alonzo, Norman, Elbert and Gil-
bert Arter, a native of Ohio, aged 76 years; •'
. E?" Funeral Bervlces i will be held this day
(Thursday), at S o'clock, in the chapel at Odd
Fellows'. Cemetery. .. . ... ¦ .- .- • ; "
BIRD— In this city. February 27, 1900, Minerva
Mac beloved daughter of Frank A. and the
late Lena Bell Bird, a native of California,
aged 16 years I month and 26 days. . •
... (C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
¦chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
. Interment Cypress Lawn : Cemetery: by car-
: rlage. - ¦ : - .''-•¦¦. ' -. •
BETTIS— In Berkeley. February 27, 1900. Otis
John, husband of Fannie C. Bettls, and father
of Dr. H. S. Bettls and Mary Louisa Bettls,
a native of New York State, aged 73 years
7 months and 23 days. ¦ ¦ ' ' . . '
[TT-Frlends and acquaintances are respect:-
: fully Invited to attend funeral services this day
(Thursday). at 1 •.o'clock, from St. Mark's
• Church. Bancroft way, Berkeley. Friends
from San Francisco take. the. 12 o'clock boat,
¦ Bet- off at Berkeley station. Interment prl-
' vate. . : . : :¦...-¦••
BROWN— In this city. February V. 1900.
• George, beloved husband of Alice Brown, and
• father of Robert Brown, a .native. of Jamaica,
¦ West Indies, aged 31 years and 6 months.
' CT 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.¦ (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Peter's Epis-
copal Church, corner of Stockton and Filbert.
streets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery;:
• Remains at A. W. Martin & Co., undertakers,'
lIS Geary street. . • ..
BONACINA— In this city, February 27, 1900.
Joseph F., eldest son of J. M. Bonaclna. a
native of Charleston. Mass. • . ¦ ¦•:'-[¦ --iri::
'.. (C5 p The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
James McMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission street,
n*^r Seventh. Interment private .in Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ' : . . ¦¦.¦:•'.
CONWAT— In Alameda, Cal., February 28, 1900.
Cithrlne, beloved wife of Thomas Conway, a
..native of County Galway, -Ireland,- . aged 66
yefcrs:. • ' ' •••" . ••¦ .-V- ' ¦'¦.. ' - ' ~~ '¦?.'
¦ ¦'¦ ETFrlends and acQuaintances arerespect-
¦ fully' lnvited to' attend the funeral 'to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, ; : from Jier.' late ¦resi-
! dence, 2517 Blandlng avenue, . thence- tp. St:
• •¦Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
¦ will be said for the repose of her soul, com--
.. .mencing at 9:30 o'clock. .Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. '.'¦¦¦•¦-. ''•.-'. •••¦..'. i•:
CARPENTER— In this city, February 2«, 1900,
Mary Drake Carpenter, . wife of Edmund P.
¦ Carpenter, and mother of Mrs. Annie Whittle
and Mrs. Etta Clmpher, and grandmother of
Dollle Sanchex, : Blrdlne and Edmund Clm-
pher, a native of Sharon, Mass., aged 67 years
4 months arid 6 days. ' .
CHAPMAN— In this city, Mrs. Sadie Chapman,
a native of Tennessee, aged 86 years 7 months
and 12 days. * ' .
DENNHEIN— In Oakland, ' February tt, 1900.
Leon F., beloved . Infant son of -William and
• Theresa Dennheln. a native of Oakland, aged
5 months and 15 days. -......,
DEALEY— In this city, February 28, 1900, Mary
Daisy Clara, wife of.C. A. Dealey. a native
. of England, aged 29 years 1 month and 22
• days. ' .'- ' • •
DUSENBERY— In this city, February 28, 1900.
Helena, wife Of the late Esoer Dusenbery, and
beloved mother of Samuel Dusenbery, and sis-
ter of Mrs. S. J. Mitchel, Mrs. 8. Meyer of
Healdsburg and S. G. Mlsb, a native of Ger-
many aged M years and 8 months. .
Iprfiotlce of funeral hereafter. • • •
EWALD— In this city. February 23, 1900. Lizzie,
beloved daughter of Edward and Elltabeth
Ewald, and sister of Edward Jr., Fred and
Lou M.. Ewald, a native of San Francisco,,
aged 32 years.
FEENEY— In this city, February 17. 1900, John
P. beloved son of Patrick and Cecelia Feeney,
and brother of Cecelia, James, .Joseph and the
late Stephen and Mary Ann Feeney, a native
of San Francisco, aged 20 years 10 months
and 14 days.
(CTFrlends are respectfully Invited' to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 8:S0
o'clock, from the residence of his parents,
455 Minna street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem mass . will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at -9 o'clock. Interment private. Calvary
. Cemetery.
Y. M. I.— Officers and members ¦of Golden
Gate Council ' No. 84 — Brothers: You ' are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
¦ late brother, John •P. Feeney, from his late
residence, 455 Minna street near'Blxth, to-
morrow (Friday), at 8:30 o'clock. Fines for
non-attendance. Fraternally yours,
L. F. GUEDET, President.
HIGGINS— In Berkeley, February 26. 1900, Cap-
taln : Ja*nes Franklin 1 Hlgglns, beloved hus-
band of Emma I. • Hlgetns. and father of
Aueuntus D., Chester. B. and S
HigEins. a native of Wellfleet, Mass.. . aged
68 yeare 7 months and 25 days. (Boston,
Mass.. papers please copy.)
ICTFrlendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ' the- funeral servlcea
this day (Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from
nls late residence, corner of. San Pablo avenue
and Delaware street, .' West . Berkeley," under
the ausolces of. Durant Lodge No. 28S; F
and -A. M. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. • ' • ' - -¦¦¦¦¦•' '¦ ¦ ¦-
.: . T*- A TT/ttft A-Q TKAy?Ti. V :
N«»ttTiiKK?r PACIKIC canpiirr.
:. ¦: . -;. : .':'¦.-.; .'..'.' (PACiriCHYwrKM.) ;..-¦• ;•' : : .;¦ '-
Train* l«nf« n«l are duo l» sicrtfi at
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
; :. ¦ ; ¦ Kodlak and All Intermediate Points :^'£ ; o:V:^vr
FROM 5EXATTLE...;.;..:...;.......;;.,V.;^;:;::;.;.;b. 8;V "BERTHA." commancln* Aprti Its
:¦.:'.- :.'.¦;.. ¦¦;.-. ; .'.;;:-; :.•: .• y- ;^' ;A^D MONTHLY.. THEREAFTJaC^V'-^^V.^-^^^
.; ' For new folderß, maps and further, particulars as to freight and passajre" apply to ALAS-
KA. COMMERCIAL COMPANT. 310: Sansom. street. San Fra TC l»eo. CaL '
For 6eattl« sailings apply to CAPT. JA3. CARROLL; MntUat.Llfa Bu»dtac; SeattU.Wash.
DR.SHEPPARD A
DANGEROUS ONE
FOR "THE BURNS"
Ran Away SProm : Sey eral
Likely Starters in a
Trial at Oakland.
David Tenny Did Not Bun to Expec
;..:¦-,; tations— Arbaces Made Friends. ......
' ; Ponnisro Will Not Be .^ „ v:/.-'-">¦v :/.-'
">¦ ¦•¦'-¦'- ¦'¦'¦•¦ M Overlooked. '^.;' :•'- ¦-...-.¦:.:;,-
.'.'Most interest was centered; in -tne.miie
and a sixteenth high-ciass selllng./event
at Oakland yesterday,- for In It started six
of the Burns: handicap candidates. : Dr.
Sheppard, 'carrying T. Walsh and ; 114
pounds, came out with flying colors, for
he simply ran circles around . : his f, field,
winning with comparative. ease. ln 1:46 flat.-.
He was chased in by. Arbaces, which horse
created a very favorable Impression,; es
pecially as It was his "first put;" Erwln
ran a close-third, .folio-wed, by.. Ventpro,
Formero, ' : David '. :Tenny,.. 'Lothian ... and
•Tenny.-. had .but -recently, worked
"the Burnft". distance In a way that pleas
ed the critics, and his showing was a dis
appointment. The winner ruled an 11 to 5
favorite at post time. ''¦.""; .'.' C ¦ ':'.': .. ¦ ¦
'• A' ; large crowd viewed the sport, ¦ with J
an abundance of coin In the ring.) While
but. : three choices; finished first. ; none,; of
the: winners -were allowed- to : run loose,'
Tekla, Combermere and '¦; Frank. Bell = all
having. many admirers: •¦"•:;.. :.... ¦. :'.: '. ¦'. '¦¦:¦' :¦ :-:'.- : '
'¦¦¦'¦ The stable of W. ';.- F; Shutte : furnished
the winner for the opening mile run . In
Tekla. The colt had been aoing nicely in
his work and his people got aboard at 10
to 1. Coming Event made the running to
the stretch, where Henry shook Tekla up,
assuming, the ; lead and winning . handily.
Formatus; the favorite, was never much
of a factor In the race. : : : ¦¦'¦ ¦-.¦. ¦ ..- • -.
Trainer Johnny Campbell had Twinkler
keyed up to concert pitch and the gelding
outclassed the : other, starters In the mile
selling. run shoes to plates.. As goodas^Vi
to 1 was Obtainable : against him, and. in
a :-hard' drive-- Shaw/- landed; him .first; a
length before Ulm, the second choice. Ace
finished in the show.. : :•;••.-. ; :.'••. ¦.¦.¦'..¦¦;¦ .: -- "••'
¦By- his impressive win In.: the two-year
old -. scramble, .Combermere; a : slashing
looking. colt py Imp. Loyallst./appears to
be.' one of :-the best youngsters shown: thus
far.". -Laura Marie. was made a 13 to 10 .fa?.
vorite, 1 and though— possessed of- all her
speed,- Combermere downed her In a gal
lop. Rollick took the small . end : of '= the
purse.v ; ¦¦••• ¦¦¦•.•*¦:¦•¦¦'•¦¦.¦••¦'=¦¦ ¦¦:' : '."' ¦:) ¦¦--. ¦¦•'¦•• -W ; -/v
..Under Jim :. Dyer's handling, Socialist
seems: able. to::g6 -a longer. -route. \Vlth
Spencer- up, and an 11 to 6 favorite for the.
mile and a sixteenth, selling; affair; the
gelding won hands. down from Castake;.a
12 to 1 shot. Tirade finished fourth behind
Twinkle Twink; and it looked as if a weak
ridekept him outside of the; money. ;
--Having shown to be.better than an or.
dlnary n11y, .", Andrissa. though ; asked to
concede, pounds of -.weight; was picked to
win the slx-furlbng. handicap. Coupled
with . Decoy, the jpair closed c to 6 favor
ites; Frank Bell outbroke his company
and, hard urged, :Andri9sa could not get
up, losing by a couple of lengths. Loving
Cup was' third. :.-'¦ . .. : ?W. - ; :V ¦ .:-. '; .
Track Notes.
A. B.: Spreckels.; owner of Aptoa stock
farm, has claimed tha name Cronje for the
two-year-old colt by. Cupid from the great
Hulda. He ought to be a stayer. : . :".
The latest rider to get the English fever
is Eddie Jones. : The clever and popular
lightweight will leave for New; York with
in a : few days, taking .'..the' steamer . for
England as soon as he obtains his license
from the Jockey, Club: <.. .;;.;/:/ ¦' ; :
.¦Combermere, winner of the two-year-old
scramble, was boosted $500 over his enter
ed selling price of $400 by Albert Simons,
trainer of Laura' Marie ..'¦ The same trainer
bid up Socialist $300. .. ;• .- . . :
Barney Schrelber yesterday decided to
start Forte in the big handicap on Satur
day. This will . deprive VJimmy'.' Coffey
of the pcrvices of Bullman, making it ex
tremely probable that Vlttatoe will pilot
Roslnante. .•.¦•• .--.¦-¦.. : : ¦ : ;-i
• "Boots" Durnell has been reducing to
weight, and unless all signs fall, will ride
Dr. Sheppard In the Burns.
Advance Guard worked -the handicap
distance yesterday morning In better, than
2:08, with Jack Martin, in the saddle.
Spencer has the mount on this 'colt. :~ ¦ . ¦
Phelan will no doubt have the leg up on
Constellator and J. Wa'fh has been en
gaged to. steer Dr. Nembula In the big
race. :-. : ¦ ¦ . - ¦"-
The win of Twinkler was a very popular
one. Coniscientle>ua and-: capable; Johnny
Campbell. was always popular with Cali-
fornla race goers, and it is to be hoped the
Dallas stable colors will often be seen irt
front. . Al Shaw seemed to have lost none
of hi 3 strong finishing powers, for he '-'set
it' down' 1 at. the end^-' :':¦?¦•¦-.¦. '¦¦¦•. : vV^. v ¦
To-Day 's Entries.
' - First'race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; .selling-. .- r'.t-i \\- *¦.::';:» -i,r. ¦".>:..".-;.-'¦.: ;'.::.>/. :'..;..^-.
"' 691. iiadjr'i'Hel'bisie.i'.lW- 839 '..Bagdad'.''¦¦¦.-:.'.»v.'.-.lbV
'-..798' Campus - .;',:.,.V.:11» ' .849 Momentum f.-..;,12J
(834)E3plrando ......-120 ;.;.:De ;81a15e..y.i,..119
694 Limerick.' .;:.... 104 (724)Clprianqi ...... ;.120
.... Aunt Bird.. V..V.HS ,850 Jael ...........^US
. 712 Amasa : . . ... . . . . ..120 Vfrii' Magdalecaa .;. ..114
- .'. Second -'racer-Futurity course ; : t hree- year-old *
and! up;-selling. • :..-;" • :; .: ¦•>$> ' ".-V- ' ,' ¦-, j.:S,; '¦;
842 Sevens .:.U...;.. 114 1 790 Galener...v.'..i.. .102
.-793;Mead6wlark ....110 777 Devereaux ...V— 97
.748 Silver. Ma1d...,.10> . s;» Almoner; ..i...;.11«
•'. 742 • Skirmish ,v; . :-. .;. ICS . 700 1aabe11e '•:" .. '. , . ... .1M
823 Synla :.,;... >.:.;104 843 Mafada ....... ...113
854 Mountebank ; .;../.9f- 731. Lost Girl - ........108
' ; Thlrd racer-Four and: a'- half , furjonks;. fwo
year-bldg; .purse, -. •¦.:¦¦.•..¦ ;¦.. ; '.„¦.;¦¦ .¦' ::.;..
.;..: Belzeebub ..:.;,llS!frss)Lucldla ;.;.;... ..118
-767 Grafter ....V...;.103:(851)5pfa1a .........^US
: Fourth. race-rOne. arid ¦a . quarter miles ; four-.
year-bids and.np; selllrijr.. ¦...:;¦'.-.: •. ;- ...•"¦- V.";'
• V B4« Scotch Plaid .;; „ 107 F. S6O Vlhctdra '¦' '; .' .'. V.i. . 92
(S29)Temp6 ¦.:..¦. , .¦.'.. ; .' 97 f . 847 Imperious . ; ..... .104
¦¦85».EsptonaBe .'....^lKi 84i:Don Lui5. ,...„., 104
¦;,..;; Acrdbat^;.i.>;.,ao9l. v 'f .-'- V". '•¦; ; -'-::: ::;
. ¦¦'¦¦ Flrjhang.ce. Ong mile;. thr<»e^year.-n|ds: ¦ purse*'
: 762 EdKardo", ..;:.';. lo4 ; 808 La ; Borgja.: : .'..v.lo2
: 547 Flamora :¦'.„;, ./;ll0 ' 771 Flower of G01d.. 110
554 Princes* Zelka..ll6 : . . .. -¦:"• ... •
' Sixth' race-^-Five furlongs; threfryearrolds and
up: selling.'. ¦.¦.:.¦:¦¦.:• : ..-.-•.¦.'. ¦¦•:'¦:.¦ •¦ -•
(73UHigh Ho# ..:-.... ll*i: 79A Oussle Fay:.;.v.lM
733 Flamero .;..:..;VH6 (79S)Viorls ......;.i...Ui:
-749 Baroboulla .";:.'.. 107 Sl4 Rosalbira v..^..;123
849 6t.-Cuthbert....:i2o 8U Bister AUco;,vW.H*
'..;. Louise Haymah. 102 1 753 Good Hop*.i;..,lU
(Bs2)StrongoH :..... .,11*. M 9 Peacf ...^:...ii.lU
Selections for To-Day.
Fbiß^zi^e^X^«^^ : 6aj|pfiuai£a^.M./]SbfMi
S^ecohd'Tac^Seven^'Mou'ntebankhMafadjL';:.;.
Third .:'race-iS*fa.la,; : tucidla^' Belzeebub;
¦'Fourth.'; race-^Scotch : Plaid.- Tempo,--' Acrobat.
-Fifth race^-Flower of Gold. Flamora, Prince
Zelka;.vy : *'•>" :--.'W •--"-" .^' : ';-\^.-;'.i :~ ¦'<¦¦¦¦. *S*p7Zi
RACING CHART IN JUNCTION.
Judge ;; Morrow ; : Restrains '¦< Mannia
Greenberg From "Infringing H6r-- !
ace ZgT>ert*s Copyright,
.United States Circuit Jijdge-McirTO^.yels-:
terday .granted ;:»¦•. ternporiairyi^injunGtionJon
the application <jf Horace H. KKbert rt^:
straining . PhllHDs & Smyth from infriinK
ing upon . thfe copyright of -the ptainUff's
official form chart of racing events/. >=-
Mr. Greenberg, oci? of . theVdefepdants;
P" t , ln , foranswe i"th& averment that the
official form chart is expressly -and exclu^:
sively designed .to facilitate gamblins
operatioris and that it is in rip sense a ma
terial contribution to humanr knowledge-
The truth-of this avermeat la denied: by
tne^'Plalnttn and Judge- Morrow' took- the
view that the chart could -be -used tcr
purposes of information- and granted the
injunction pending th«t litigation.: . .-, ¦
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. 16, of seventy-
five cents (75c)' per share on '-'the Issued capi-
tal . stock ¦ of . the ' company has ! been i declared.
.payable at the office of the company. 4SO Cali-
fornia st., San Francisco, on -March 10, 1900.
Transfer books . close March ¦S, • 1900, •at noon:
¦ ¦ -'¦'. :.•-.- -¦¦: . /.'. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary-: .
THE SAN FRAiNXHSC^
'¦ ' ¦]¦¦", ; ; /inibposAL'sl' \i':Q:i '•::X r :"'l' :
'wh^'h ¦ not^ fw~th? : pont7>nanner In.
¦¦-*,!^ n«, en "'r" 1 "' of M>«-.cnetom«r Is. carried
1 h" J««i"ti^»r P^b 0*"0 *"' 111 attendanu; halr^
rirfwlr.g. SSc. via Stockton «..:¦ .' : .
A^i^t, " Ul f t0 ord * S " tlO 76 or'-panta $3 75: our.
... - tper.aJty.jn remnants: fallows- us -to' sell
:;. hearer; than .: ready , made... " L. LEMOS
....... .Market et/. b«. Tth and Sth.' prop.'.Onel
SSSSSfS^feJiS* 5 32 . Kfartjy. -oear^Sacto.;
..al?.. 1644 Ma,rk^t_*t^n(j r r.;Pt:- : Nicholas, y .- ; . ..
.-¦maesaee treatment Removes
, wrinkle,; free this w^k; I iruarantee"™ p*r-
S^S?'- J7,?g v '_ '"frfluous hair by. elec-
-.; Jfolj els. -MIPS IPAI .ORE BARRETT, Der-
.-. ; -_. matclcKtet.- 1207^lat-ke^st.;' opp ¦ City Hal"
>\n fp:r,c : •t l -o<i«i.,«r*-;.:arrivlrve;: call and wee ¦'.
-"? ? * u - f E " rtie •T.-'.JlS'.r.W.dl.os' : tailor-made euita
•»t »1 • t'T.'-,»;«"k.;.';.>;ast*Tn'. Outfitting Co.. 13^
¦>.Cftl.-n;.y|; i ..Hi-ir : ;ti r > ! ijjtfay; open eyentnes.'
ri^'i«T^iFvls^r i^'i«T^iFvl5^i P 1" e< ery , room: '''•Winchester-.
- «c'*i.. 44 Third «t.. near Market: 100 rooms-
.-c to ¦ JISO cer . n'.cht;. tl 50 to $6 per week;
ree : .bus andbapcace to and from the ferry.
LADIES^ ahd>ent»'vcast-bfr clothing bought and
'• «o'd: f llverman.: ,?M -Folßorn-; tel. Folsom 1191.
ALASKA .?ur pariner.tP. hoods, mitts, leather
: ¦;.rn t - f ; ;.-. H.',M : HRIXEMAX, 109 Sansome"" :
¦¦.«'¦ ' .!;• ANV\!¦ y« ' r.J -, s hln«, l>r!e-a-brar. tools
..... -fsTr-ryj- ..^m -;cii)<i : ;.a»rid tnr.-iiltn.'.' -506 Keamy.
'.'-. '. r- . Vl ' -<"'M: cold ¦for nHanurg O NOLTE
¦ ¦; : ;'.^y*C <: r--;i 5 - 4> * ¦"' '' rarre U;: t)<-t.: Pjoweil and Maao.nl. i
\^> v-' :U A l^ ;:^r PCXt^ '¦ J. WHITE-
HOHN, A M. Ph P.. IEIS Linden! ¦-•Oakland.-".
":^y.v;:r?*vsiCiAss'A>D;si;nGEo\s./:, A ::-
w ¦ and re^idTneet
/¦f-T, ..W«rV>t Bt.. bet. Strth and Seventh. ..
;;:^V;E-;.^^E.-: : rhon«;Maia'av^«ol 'California^
: .**.•¦: c' 'ryonjy y t'lurnber." -.. ;¦¦:"'.. .-¦;¦ :."¦¦'•-. .'.. ¦ t. ¦
it i: a ITJiIE !»t ate-^cit ; v— - v-onTTs^ aleT
FOL GETZ t BROTHER, : ' ' -.' ':' : /-- .'//:¦. ':"¦'.
r. :': : v ROOM A.". CROCKER BDTLDINa.
"; ¦': VU MaIXJVaRTERB FOR :'ARK; LOTS, v -"¦¦
. Now for a; Prosperous Era for San Francisco.
C&0 to $400— Near Nlneteenth-ave. bonleVar«
and Park, frcm H to X tt.: 15 monthly.
.-:•" -COO .-: to '.tSOO^-Cholcest lots In Sunset: streets
f-ra.ded-SLnd.«ew«red; $16 monthly.. "..¦-.
¦ !V'j to >SbO— Cheapest resldenoa lots In Rich-
mond; : easy .terma. ••.; ¦.;• .-¦¦ -. . •. ; • .. .• .-'... ..- - .
*100 to I2W>— Level lots near Ulsslon-st. elec-
trlc car Une; oaiy U monthly. • :-. - ;¦; ¦ ¦ . ¦
-; .- Call for Map* and Diagrams. :
EOLOETZ * BROTHER. . .-
1./...; R00M "A." CROCKER BUTLDINO.
UOPERN flats— s;SOo: containing 8 and t rooms
each; "highly decorated and nniefced -with all
ir.odem. oonveniences; 631 Waller : st.. one
block -from - -Haight 'and Pierce; easy terms.
_F. NELFON.: Builder. _____ . :. •: '.•' .
IF you have lots In Richmond district, north of
the Park, 'tha-t you wish to sell quickly then
call on W.: J. GUNN. CiO California st.
j'OR sale.: cheap— New 2-etory houses. 7 rooms;
lafft Improvements; .Noe and Hill Bts.; near
Castro-st. car»;. patent sidewalk. .'.
J:*.C'.i-<JOop DUtinefß property: make offer;
income tl?e month. Owner, box 4271. Call.
' <"> exchange— BulldiTjg plans for vacant lot or
h out. » rent. Ad. Architect. P. O. Station H. j
HEAL ESTATE— COI'.VTRV— For Sal*
i:W— FINE X«-ecre ranch.; level garden land;
Rood '•' house ; barn full of hay; fine horse,
• bug»ryi -100 chickens and farming tools, etc;
• Tare 50c: half mtle to station. .:.
,j2srto— Fine, highly Improved. 120-acr« farm;
FOkjC .S-rocm house ana outbuildings; all In
fcra!n:far« 60c; cheap at tSOOO. ¦¦¦¦-.
• i 1-000 — S£-acre . place; ;8 acres bearing trees
end \-in»«: '.buildings, spring; fine timber;
'•worth; 'l2oo9; sold on account of death.
. PpBl<H' acres, improved place at depot.
>*r.ta.Crui Mountains; a beautlfnl resort;
: : .r«t r.r.e get* it.'- ..'.-.. ¦-¦¦-.¦ .". •¦:¦.. '-. ... ¦
Il.V^-Nlc* 10-jacre home, on It, R.: nice land;
. F2me oak treee: payable 110 a me nth, .' . .
WFSTF.RN LAND CO.. 649 Market st.
- : ACRES in Stanlßlaue County, near rall-
.r ad: water; growing crops: under fence and
.Tc.h«>r improvements. For particulars ad-
..•»pf orcall W. P. CROW. ISS4 Polk, city.
''¦'•': vW. HORN. SII Main et.. Petaluma; real es-
. .-. ,'c ac 3 thorouthbrefl Belgian hares. Send
• ' frr« list of Scnoma County bargains. . :
: ROOM^rFOJa^IOCSEKEEPI.VO.
CALIFORNIA. 2523— Bunny parlors cr rooms for
. . light .housekeeping; '-gas range; . reasonable;
Ti-rrfncee exch&cged. • •'. •¦¦ - ':• -.•....,.' ¦:•;.¦¦¦:.¦ '•;¦ -.'
CASTRO; ..425. near 17th and Market— 2 hou»*-
¦ ' -;kefylr.g rooms ; stable If deglred; cheaa, ¦¦';
ITi-'I)Y. 107— Nice furnished double sunny
¦r/>t/inis; light housekj-g if desired; gas; cheap.
. ET>DT, 817— Connect'.cg housekeeping rootns;
f urn. shed; *pie-ndld location; private . resi-
lience. ' -.; . '. : .•':•-¦.¦•:'.¦..';.-'• ...,-.:.: :'•.¦"..¦'-.• ,¦ •' •".' '.¦'
i'JFTH. 353— Furnished double parlors, kitchen
»ni bath, CO; also 2. 110; elngle, 14 up., V- • ¦
.'i.;SSIE. 476— Two sunny front rooms naaXly
•': ''.;-:.urnis!ie<i Jor housekeeping. .¦¦-¦--¦¦..-¦-.¦ ..- ¦•:;¦ - -,
.'¦"¦>. EARN :Y. near Sutter— A light front room, it;
¦ -:¦¦ ¦-gas free; also housekeeping room. O'Farrell.
. pp. Orpheum. 13 month. Apply 15 Grant aye.
];KARNV. : 104— Front suite, three unfurnished
r lorns, $15; two room*. JlO. . .' . . ; '¦¦ .•'¦¦..
MARKET, ICTB— 2 rooms, partly furnished;
::pht housekeeping; tt per month.
111.-'PION. 1119— Sunny housekeeping room, new-
'¦¦¦¦': 'i'. : 'y furnished; S'J per month. . ;•. ..-
NOE, 113 — t or 4 eunny front rooms; modern
:'.'•¦ i\Jc w»-r flat ; gas Btove; |15. ¦-......¦..'
-6IXTH, . 125— One nicely furnished front rocm;
: :.- Vw:th' 'or, without houßekeeplng. .... ¦ .- .
EO'/TH PARK, IM— Two runny front rooms;
..:.: -nicely .:fuml*hed for housekeeping. •- ...¦.:.¦¦-:¦•
¦ 7TUAMA. -475.. near Sixth— tl': 6 nle* sunny
-. Tjrr.'.Ftied rooms for housekeeping; complete.
.TriJK,-"l26— Two furnished sunny rooms; suit-
ai :« frr houßekeeping; running water: closet.'
VAN. .NESS, 4C2 — 8 sunny connecting : rooms,
- c.-irr-.plete for housekeeping; stationary tuba;
; '.jy>rd;-....- •.;.-.;.;¦': '¦'.¦ . ¦--..¦¦/¦¦'- '¦-¦- .-¦•;:
¦'•VA'-Jf NESP aye.; 1021— Sunny front parlor suite;
;/¦'¦> £oijli3Mi kitcien; bath. ¦. .:.: ¦ ¦¦-¦ ¦¦¦¦.- -j ¦ ¦ V.-
CbASKIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2229 Fill more St.
ROOMS TO LET— Knrn. and Vaturn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms
tic to 51 per night; Jl 23 to 15 per week, and
:tfht housekeeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA. 23* Post. cor. Stockton— Sunny oor-
:.-: cuite and elngle rooms: hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
Ii'.HNETT. 14i6 Market et. (old No. IJ64)— Fur-
r.ithe:i rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CAIUiOLLTON. 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate
a\e.— t^unny corner; well furn.; rms. tt offices.
CA?TTJO, JOS. cor. Sixteenth— Three pleasant
rum!ah«d housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
"CL/Pf-'IFIED advertisements and enibscrlptlons
ricelrit at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmorg.
K:'l<T. 217— Nicely furnished double and single
rooms; rent reasonable. ;
yr>lJiOil, s«5. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny i
furriished rooms; suites cr single; new mgmt. I
OKAKr. 4% (The iCavarre)-Elegantly furnish-
' ~i rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. Hlt.n.
GRANT AYE., Jl <The ¦Wellington)— Elegantly
furnished tunny rooms; modern conveniences.
tIitXOOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
r-^mlng boofe; II SO to 18 per week.
' UAItRISON 754V4 near Fourth— Finely fur-
nM.fi Bunny room»; all latent Improvements:
h.>nvliki»; tl week m>.
LEA VENWORTH. . 1521— Two large sunny
s rooms with yard; rent t't.
MARKET. J4W—ts; large sunny room: pate;
.- furnished or unfurnlßhed: private family.
'"¦MINNA fiCT. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay window room. It per week; transient.
' >il.-'s7«"7j!r MS— Newly furnlßhed runny room*;
. mrxvrn : convenlencfsjjterms rtrff onable.
sniS?l<"»N. SM.- i>et.~Fourth and Fifth— Sunny
¦ front rrt'tt. suitable for 2 gentlemen.
¦'•<>'FAllhnM* 20— Funry.'furnlWlied rooms and
"r.fiti<-.-f : Elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
OKAJIRELL. «7-i4slnrli« funny* room, well fur-
' nls<h«d;..<* 'P*r month. , ./ ¦' "¦'
¦' rnTELL 121— I>ight.' clean, comfortable rms.;
'jr. it<--tr or. plrglc; running- water; gas; re«s.
JtOVAL Houee, 1?« Ellis st.— lncandescent light.
¦ reading -room, smoking room and ladle* pa.r-
lor; rooms. I*T night, 35c %o Jl 50; wt-ck. *2 w
%*¦¦ month, IS fy $20; Herator on office floor;
¦ rooms w.ith hot and cold water; baths. ¦_
I'.OSEDALe" House. 319 & 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
nigtit. 26p to J>; week. II 2t to >4; open night.
FAX ANTONIO, 21 Taylor, near Market— Up-tO
(3at<». fire-proof building; electric elevator; new
fufultur*: hot. cold .wat^r; radiators; suites
and single; rooms appreciated wb»nf Been.'
FEvisTH. 242-Nlc* sunny furnished front
r-K>m to let. privilege ..of IJght hou«e-
kf-«-plng If desired. - . ' •'/.- '„ , . •'
EHERUAN Apartment House; -;2S 'Eighth Bt,.
n«?ar Market— Furnished' and unfurnished.:-
ET. PETER'S House,- 70D California-Changed
hands; nicely furnished rooms; also bousc-
keepln* rooms.; , .-..¦."¦•... :
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
: ; ; : V-" y. : ; BArxBOAi> |ira»Aitgu^? ' "¦
11 a Lif6 rtii » & riiviiTE b
;" Santa ClNQute
TIIEASURY DEPARTMEJNT, Washington. D.
C. Feb 20,1900.— flealed proposals are Invited
and will be received at this department. until
2 o'clock p. m. Tuesday. April 8. 1900, at which
¦ time and place : they will be opened In : the
. presence of attending bidders, for-the con-
. Btructlon of one steel steam propeller for the
U. S. Revenue Cutter Service,: for duty on the
Pacific Coast, to: be known while In course of
¦ construction or until launched as No. 8, R. C.
8. Said vessel is to be constructed In accord-
ance with the plans and specifications provid-
ed by the Secretary of the Treasury, which,'
together with form of proposal, contract, eto.,
may b« obtained u»on application to this de-
partment,: Bids: must be addressed to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and be Indorsed on the
envelope VPropoeals: for Revenue Steamer for
. Pacific Coast.": The right Is resen-ed . to '.reject'
.any and all bids/and ':to' waive, defects ¦. If
deemed for the interest of the Government to
do so. (Signed) O, L. SPAULDING, Acting
Secretarj'- ;¦ • •'." ¦•' ".- ¦> • ¦ ' - •¦': .'
MABBIAOE LICENSES.
Marriare licenses were Issued as follows yes-
terday: . ; ' . ¦-: V- '¦'¦ '" .' '" : ; : ;-.
Paniel J. Driscoll. S3. 1160 Howard street, and
Llbble Wadman. 34, 1118 Howard street..- ._- '¦¦¦
Rudolph H. Flschbeck. 29, city, and Clara G.
Navarth, 21. city. ...'.¦
Charles F. 6harrock», 80, city, and Agues W.
Flint. 25, city. . .. • :
Edward C. Landls, 29, city, and Anna G. Flint
26, city. •:¦ . • -¦-¦¦¦ .- - , - . - ; -...•. ¦-• -.
John A. Cummlr.Ks. ST. Ural, and Bailie A.
Cowen, 17. Usal. . ..: . . .....
Harry L. Nash. 84, Oakland,' and Helen M.
Weetlake. 16. Oakland. ¦¦:¦¦¦¦ .
James H. Wlnfleld, 36, city, and Emily Dus-
Bere, 26, Berkeley. •- .•¦¦¦:• ¦
Chris WlfTert. 28. Santa Cms, and Bessie Ha-
ganß, 21, Uklah. .-.',..- :¦¦:¦¦¦ .. ¦ .:• ¦.:.•..--..
Harry D. Sullivan, 80. city, and Anna Win-
ters, 26, Babcock, Wls. •: ¦ ¦¦.:
Joseph Buzslnt, 61, South San Francisco, and
Nellie Crowley, SS. city. ¦•• - ¦ ¦ •-• -... ¦'•'¦- ;¦;-.-.
; BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. :;
Birth, marriage and death notices sent 'by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published. ..'
¦y .:/¦':¦-. -y-^' BOEN. • ; •' ;.' J^'-.;
ARMISTEAD—In this city. February J5, : 1900,
to the wife of James H. . Armistead of Boul-
der Creek; a daughter. • ¦ •",.-' ' - - .
HO\"ET— In this city. February 22, 1900,. t0 th«
wife of F. W. Hovey, a daughter. ¦;•¦• . ; '¦¦.
lbat«-. — ' From: Februart 2J, 1900. — ' akrivb
:f7:OOA Benleia, Suisuu, Elmira, Vscarllle, . ': •'/."' ¦' ¦'¦:-
¦ ' : '-. .¦ Rumsey and tiacramento... ..-..'-.'• "T^Sf
»7:OOa Shista Express— DaTis, ¦. Willows, ¦'• . ¦•• ' '
¦ Red Bluff. -Portland..*- :;.:.,...;.. :*7t4sp
•7i3Oa Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo,; Napa> ;" ' :"V
¦¦ '¦:¦'¦ :" CallstcgaaDilßanta R0«a......... f«ilttr
•S<3Oa Tho OTerlaml Limited— Ogden. Den- .' :
. - ¦' • V- .Ter.Omaha, Chicago,'. '.;.;.' # Siia»
•MiSOa San /.lose, IJtermore, '• Rtocktorti '.••'. =. , •-.
¦ ' ¦¦ ¦• Imie.- .Sacramento, PlaeerrUle^ •: •¦•'-" ¦
. " MMynTilltvChlco, JteilUlnff....... Mtldp
?liSOa "Milton. OakUalr, bonora. Carters.ii ¦••-ixlSp
*a:»»OA Haywanls. NiUs anil Way Stations. M 1 143 a
•9:«<»a D«tu, Woodlacd, Knight a Landing. : - - : v- - -
'¦¦ •.¦¦¦•'.¦-'. itarysTiHe. «)rotlile-.....i. ".'..;-... ¦ *7s4St>
¦ *9:00 a Atlantic Kipreia— Ogden and East *I>:4Sa
•OtVOA Martluex, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton, - --'- -'.
•:'.•: : MercctlaDdlreano.-.:.. ........... 'lasiar
•»!««» Port Costa, Kre«no, MoJaTo ami J*s.'-': •' •
.--¦¦ • '.-. Anenlm .i..'.V;>;V. .'•«s»
•lO:OOv VaU.jti. Martinez and Way . Stations ' *ot43r
•1I:OOa Nilfs, IJiermore, Stockton, Sacra-.;-. •.'.'•¦.¦.-.
¦ mento, Mcndota, lianford, Visalta, •:¦ •¦ •'•,
>.;>-¦.• :?-'-'-. ; rtrtertille .'...:,.... ::.;-... MilSf
' i "i-.novt Ilaywarils, Niles ami Way Btetlons. ' *2:4-Tp
tl:OWfM:teraniPiitoi:i*erBt«iniera *««OOp
•3iOOr U.iyvn.i>U. NJltsaml Way Stations..' # 3«4»r
M:li»r Martluer, Kui I'niuoii, Vallejo. : '
. XniM. <'al!<f.<> w 'H. SiiutA Ili^u •»«¦»*
M.oor Itcuicla. VacaTille, hacramento, .¦.'.¦• • '.;
Wootlland, Knlylits ]«ndlug.
Mnryctlllp, Orotllle •!•:«»*
•l:.T»pNlle»,Man.liMiuaii<lStockton ... # 7ilS»
•SjOOpTUo Owl Liinit«d— Tracy. Fresno. . .' ¦
BaktrsSeU. Baticu» for .Santa U.ir»
¦-'-. '¦¦¦'¦ ban, I*s Auetles. »J»«43a
03:04>r Surset Llttitcl-El Pa** New Or-
lsacs*nd E:»st cM>:43a
<si:tOp Stuck tou. AI«ee«l. Fnwuo 'ISslOp
•-.::to». Kiobim., Itakrrstirlil. Santsi Hurlmr*. '
1< . \*a Angrlts, DemlDg. F.l ra»O,
! : '. New Orleaiisand East..... *8»4!»a
>.">i3Or HtuU K« Uonlr— Atlanllo Expreu
for Mujara a».l VmA -8:4.1p
'0:OOp Haynards, NilesandSan .Toso *l:A*h
|o>3or Vaii«-jo •laiisr
•<>i3Ui- Oriental Msll— Ogden, Cheyenne,
Omaha, Chlctgo *9*49 a
•«j3op Oriental Mill — Cgden, DenTer,
Omaha, Chicago. •••lßp
;7:OOp Vallejn, r.irt »'o-itn and Way Bta-
. tloua. , J»:S3p
•<l!«.ti-i)rfK»ii vjil Callfi-r:i!a Ui|'rri«.Kao. ;'.» :.;\
ruiiiriitii. Mnrj»\i!lo, l!<»i<llii(,
r»rtUi«i. r.ie.-t smhm.i nn.i i:,nt »»ii»a
•H:!. I ** Newark.L,Vntfrtillp,San.lo»e,Fflton,
lioultlerCri-clr.KaijUCnixandWar
BUtions •9&9T
)tt:lsp Newark CenterTllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felt-on, llonlder Creek.
Santa Cruz aud I'rinclpal Way
Sratlou* fio«."i*«
>ltlSr Newark, San .Togo. Los Gato*. *I>:a«A
! 1:1.1 v Hunters' Fxcunicn. San Jose and
WnyHUtlo-in. :7i2or
Time— V 4; :25; hi. :49V4; %. 1:15; mile, 1:42^, Good start: Won easily, second and third driv
ing.- Wlniftr, W. F. Schulte's b. c," by, Argyle-Mlss.All.. Tekla had worked well and won
hands down. FoTmatus a disappointment.. • •¦¦.;.¦••"••.¦ ' . . ..'
857. ' -SECOND RACE— One /mile; selling: .four-year-olds and upward ;• purse,- $300.
CALIFORNIA NO RTfl WESTERN BY. CO.
; LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH . PACIFIC
.. </"l RAILWAY COMPANY. . ?--
'¦¦ Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Market S»>' .-¦ ¦¦
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3ft, t:00.- 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
1:30, S:10. 1:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra . trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at VM
and 11:30 p. m. ° •
SUNDAT3— 8:00. f:*o. 11:00 a.m.: 1:30. J:tO,
t:00, s:Z9 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:I». 7:60. 9:20. U:W a. m.: 13:«5.
3:40, 5:10 p.' m. -. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and «:35 p. m. •..-•'. -." •
SUNDATS— «:IO. »:40. 11:19 a. m.; 1:40. 3:43. 5:05.
•:B p. m. ¦-..-.. ?.¦•-•'-.•';
Between San Francisco and Bchuetsen Park;
same schedule as above. . .; . • .•'¦.,¦/. ~. -. '
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
em Slit fRXHCISCO-rtit of UirL-et Stre«l(SH» «)—
•7:15 9:00 11.00 A.M. Jl:00 - *2:00 f3:0O
M.-C3 tC:OO •0:03r.w. •: : .'-V. ...CiiaiitjW
roniOUUND— Fotl •fßri.iw.j.— -6:00 SCO 10:00*. M.
112*0 *l:Qa t2:CO ?3:30 H:00 ¦'3:00r.ll.
Time— y t . :25>4; : -H. :61: %. .1:17: mile, 1:43%. Poor start. Won- first three driving. Winner,
Dallas Stable's b.g., by Imp. Brutus-Nabette. Twinkler had a very stormy trip. Ulm ran a
swell race, going the overland. Ace was also bothered considerably. Hohenlohe In -a mix
up at- first turt^^^^^,^^^^^^^^ - . ' y ¦
BGB. THIRD RACE— Three and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purge. $350.
' . Lear* ¦'¦ '- "• ?.-•. ArrlTa-'- '
San Francisco! In Effect San Francisco.
— 1 — October ii. ; '
Week Sun- 13». .. . Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination, days. Days. "-
7:30 am 8:00 am "Novato. 10:40 am J:Wam
3:10 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:06 pm 19:2S am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa.' 7:35 pm <:23 pm.
• Fulton. - .;¦
MDtm •• Windsor.. ?- 10:2Saai
Healdsburs;.' . .-¦ 'j-
.-'.-; 'Lytton.,. ,•..-. ¦• ' ; ¦•.-
. ' ¦ ' Oeyserrllle, - •" • ¦.-
1:30 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:38 pm «:g pm
7:30 ami-.- IHopland and I' ¦ f-
• ... I 8:00 am| Uklah. . . j 7:35 pm[ «:a pm
7:20 ami • ' *'. I •' • • ' "'"•¦l -:-"-*•" 10: ft am
¦ ' * I S:00 ami Ouernevllle, T:35 pm .. • . ¦
3:30 pm|. ¦ ' I - • - • - . . «:23 pm
n»tlOA Ocean View, Soutli M*n Fraociaco.. i»:3or
•7:O«* Sjii ,li>«-» mnl Way Stnlimii (New -
-. '. .' Aliiiiiicn Wc.liiP.iiliyaotilj) *l:30p
•WtOO* Han J»*o. Troi I'itHM, Hnnta Cms.
¦ Pncilic (irore. I'n.i.i Hollies, Sail ¦ .
- - . l.nls Ol>i«|>n, Surf, Lompoc ainl "
¦ ::•¦¦¦ ,rrlncl|i»l \V«y Nut1nn5 ........... "-liltr
¦Hi: Km Sxii .)¦¦<«> mnl \V»y Ht.itlom *rtil3A
fIIIOUA San J<rsa and W»y stations *3t3or
' )*:4r,r San .Matt-o, ltnlwno.l, Menlo Park, ' -
Palo Alto. KanU Clara. Han .lose,
" ' : Tres Plnos. Hanta (,'ritx. Salinas,
Mnuterey ami I'acino OroTo t!«tM/t
'. t»<» n r Han .lose ami Way Station. <7:SOp
tlsirtr.San.loteantl rrincipal Way flUtlou* •»:4S*
f."»:in>p San.lo.io ami Triucipal Way BUtloos t»:OOA
•;>:::ilr San.li.so an. 1 rrincipal Way Stations *H:Xl*
•«i::u»l- San .lose a: ( .l Way Stations. *8:OOa
!)11:4r,r San .Iqsbhiiil W»y SUtii.m . # 7»aop
7:3 i) ami 8:00 am : Bqnoma 9:ii ami 8:40 am
' .'.{ ' .'and' •.-¦* • r •
»:10 pml 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1:05 pml <:M pm
A for Morning. I* for A f ternoon.
* Daily. f '¦"iiii'lajr exeeptetl. t Buiidajr only.
...'«- h Batnrday only. '
a Tuesdays md Fridays c Thursdays and Sandaja.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Seb&stopol. ° 110:49 am|li>:2s am
»:Sopm( 5:00 pm[ . • | 1:35 pm| «:2» pm
Time— 3-18. :18; 7-16. :4?>i. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner. J. B.
• Howson's b. c., by imp. Loyalist-imp. Bridget. Combermere is a good one and from now on
•will take some : beating. Laura Marie : simply outfooted. Otherp below par. Scratched—
Corn Cake ICB. Floranthe 102. -. • .'
Time— l-1«. :0694; 6-16.- :30«i; 9-16, :54%; 13-16. l:20\i; mile. 1:39%; 1 l-16m. 1:46. Good start.
Won easily, secondhand third driving;- Winner, C. E. Durnell's b.' h., by . Buchanan-Volt-
Inc. The Doctor was a wild horse." -Arbaces finished, gamely. Tenny ran disappointingly.
Forte worked on a c . r^. l g.!i*_ a J l l * J^li'Tlf L- -J - _'_ - '_ . - —-.•,¦
ROOMS TOLET—Pnrn! and I'nfnrn.
THiRn, 416— Nicely furnished back parlor; aiso
single room; bath; gas; rent reasonable. '
THE OAKS. 119 Third-A good rooming: house
¦ for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
.;: tlsements and eubscriptlons has been opened
j at 1228 Polk M.; open till 9p. m. - ......
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. . subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
\ - : lencla' it>>? '_¦ ;¦¦¦,.> \ .-.'...¦} ¦¦_. ¦.':;':..'::.*:¦: :.'¦¦:'.-' ¦'¦ :r:: r : - •-.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
.subscriptions has l>een established at the
; ;.: northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-.
tucky «t«: oix>n till » p. m. :' '¦-•-'¦¦ " •.¦¦..¦' ..¦'¦;' '>
'>': ¦- :-¦¦ :¦¦ .-¦¦ - -¦- .¦ ¦¦ -. ¦.- - ... ¦ ¦¦¦¦'
.' -.-:-:v"';M' ¦ • -; ; : ROOMS tWAJSTKD/- >;-.•:¦'. .:• ¦ i : -
i.A LAPTwith a' piano will rive lessons : In ex-
j 'change for rocm; Box 4367. '..:. ; -.. •:-." '..•.:.:.
J' ¦¦¦¦¦.¦-;"¦. iiooms^aSd iioakd: :/
! H^TEir^FAmM^iU^TT^TTi'nKrker^iT^
-jrantly furnished tunny rooms; en suite or sln-
El»; with or -without board; table first-class ;
' '.reduced rates.-. . :' : / ..'. ; ¦-.:.;.:¦.¦-;,. ...¦¦¦.'.- ...-¦;¦:
NEW family hotel; first-class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; sp-clal lnducemenu to
: . select.: people. ... $07 California St.. occupying
comer opposite Grace Church; . . '¦:. ¦ ¦: -. ¦; ...
A— HOTEL La Normahdie; 324 Eddy— Sunny
pultes and single nvims; everything new; flrst-
y class table and service: prioes moderate. • .
i HARRISON, (Rlncon^HJlb-For man and
] . xvite or. 2 ; ladles ;:-. terms reaponable; sunny
|. : ro<>in«;' American family; references.: -
I. JONES. 130$— A pleasant sunny suite; best in
I . the city; also single rooms, with board; terms
;.yery; reasonable., ¦/..: "V : -.-¦ . . ' ¦•».¦'..: .
LA6 PALM AS, IS2O Market St.— Bulte of 1 or I
rm».; private; bath: sin. rm?. : board optional.
VAN NESS aye.," 850-Handsomely furnished
front room; use parlor, piano; phone.
: VAN NESS. 944 CThe Wallace)— Rooms and
board; reasonable; modern conveniences.
I';./--;:. : BPECI A I. NOTICES. ~
WANTED known— MrTHeW^ H. SCHARErC
late of 22 Mason St., has removed to Call
. building, tenth floor, where he will continue
to erlve bargains in watches, diamonds, Jew-
: ..elry. silverware, firearms and optical poods;
cash or time payments. Office hours — 10 to 5.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
. ..are the best; cafe. reliable; take no other;
: send 4c stamps for particulars. "'Relief for
Ladles," in letter by return mall: at drun-
rlfts. Chlch»Bter Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa;
ROOMS papered, from 13; whitened, Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41E Montgomery st.. room* 9-10: tel. E528.
SEWIMJ MACHIM3S A.ND SiL'PI'LIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, said; machine sup-
plles. Standard Agency.l4s 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
ralrir.g at lowest rato. ?0S Fourth tt.
STORAGE A.YD WAHEHOI'SES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 431 Pott st.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5711.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
tSOO— IjOT 42x150; Morton-st. station. . ::
$IXoo— Modern 5-room cottage; Broadway,
near Central aye.: easy terms; $100 down, $20
monthly; convenient to train and schools; this
It a bargain. . • .
¦j JJOOO— «-room modern cottage; large lot 42x150;
stable; Morton-st. station. . . . '•-. - ¦:
$3500 — New modern 7-room cottage: Grand St.,
near Alameda aye.; easy installments; large
lot: snap. .. . •-: •. •..-., .., • .•.-•.-'."..-
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. •"¦ -
¦ ; . Office open Sundays and evenings.. :-; '•¦
:..: ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY. V
¦•¦"-.. 1500 Park st.. Alameda. .. •¦¦¦¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENT^
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
, : -nP.ST 6AX,E OF THE SEASON. .
'?'. .WILLIAM J. DINGEE. . : v
•¦;.: : »0» Broadway Oakland:
Mills Building/ (Room 16. Second Floor), ', Han-
¦".'¦'• ; '•¦'. .'•¦¦; Franciuco. •'.•;' .-'• T ,-V, ¦.'.-. •.--•.
"-; .¦;•. '" : Special Credit Sale of Real Estate .¦[
' '¦'¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦'¦• : -- ':¦ '•'."• at lAucnoN! ¦ -. ¦'> ;; . ;¦ -' :•- ';¦.
¦¦¦::¦¦ . - : AT AUCTION! ¦'.-•.' ¦' .¦:¦•¦ ¦-.
-' : ¦'•¦.' : ''. AT AUCTION! );.%;¦ ' '
•.'::.,'..¦-• ; : :.; AT AUCTION! .;:-.;':":¦. : ' '
BATURDAT. MARCH 3. 1900, AT 2 P. M.
.. At Salesroom, 60S Broadway, Oakland.;.'
A : Washington-st/: Business Corner— 7sx7s;
first-class location for manufacturer, or whole-
saler; one- third cash, balance on mortgage to
bank at 8. per. cent ¦• ¦ .¦¦'¦¦'¦.: ';¦¦ -.' ;.
'Twelfth-avenue Cottage-^Cholce-- cottage ' on
Twelfth aye.. between East Fifteenth and East
Sixteenth' sts.; ; lot 31:3x10*: 6 rooms, and bath;
terms to suit; bank eale. ': '-. •'; •'.. •"¦ ¦-.•. •'• \' ..'
:' Tenth-aye. f Lot— 7sxlOO; : . Eiaet Tenth .'kve.. ,. 75
feet south of East -Sixteenth st.. .opposite
Franklin: School;' bank, mortgage $S5O at. B per
cent. . balance cash.^ •¦.:,¦¦:•' .- ..:¦ .*.-.'•. .-.
'; Twelf th-aye.' ' L0t— 5750 square feet . equal In
area to several lots; west side of Twelfth aye.. ;
north of East .Twenty-fourth st. ; street work
all. done; .a rare chance;, terms easy. .: • •• ¦'
: Thirty-third-st. . Lot— 6Oxi66; north side .of
Thirty-third st., 287 'feet west, of Grove; street
work all. done;, easy terms;- one-third. cash.
Thirty-thlrd-et Lots,' \ ¦ Six choice -lots :'. 40
. West-st. Lots. . "¦¦ to -.60- -feef frentag-e- in
Market-st. Lots. : ¦¦ Iblock .facing .'Thirty--
third st., -Market st. and.West »c; street work
all done; one-third cash, balance in 12 or 15
months.': ... ; -. - ' . ' ':•; • . - - ; :'. . .'.'..':.¦¦ ."•' ¦]
West and Twenty-second st.Corner—MxlOO;
northeast corner West and Twenty-second sts. ;
street work all done; one-third rash, one-third
In 12 or 18 months.: ' : .. ; ' •¦.'•:.¦ '. .-'. ,- .. .'
Peralta-st. Cottage— No. : 1161' Peralt a st.. near
Sixteenth: 6 rooms and bath; lot 2SxllO; first-
class order: must be sold; terms can.be ar-
ranred to suit. ¦ ' ; ¦ -. •'...¦.
Piedmont Lots— Four choice lots on Oakland
aye.. corner of Morrison place; surrounded by
fine homes: 4!>xluO; terms' $103 cash down per
lot. balance In 12 and 18 months. ¦ '-.; .
Fraitvale Lot— l2oxl2s; northeast comer of
Redwood aye.. about to be macadamized at ex-
pense of county: fine for suburban residence or
store; sale peremptory; terms one-third cash,
balance in 12 and Is months.
j East Fourteenth St. — Corner of Fourteenth
I aye. or Commerce: bas a fine future; 65 feet
frontare on main thoroughfare; sale peremp-
tory; one-third cash, balance 10 months.
Remember the Day of Sale:
BATURDAT. MARCH ID. AT 1 O'CLOCK
p. m.. at Salesroom. Carriages at office to
show properties.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
to -
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway, Oakland;
Room If. Second Floor. -Mills Building, Ban
Francisco.
AT $10 cash. $5 monthly— Fine lets; the choicest
building site; -East Oakland: 8 model homes
}en completed; build '• your home or let Ub
build for you, and stop paying rent; have you.-
home where the climate excels; no fogs or
cold wind*: soil .the best and view the grand-
est; f tr- »t.« all graded and macadamized; city
water and sewer; 1 block from electric car
end near the local trains; good sohools and
grand view; Gallndo Tract, adjoining Earn
- Oakland; price (125 upward; call or Bend for
¦ circular. 4i5 Seventh st., Oakland; carriage
• free. HENRY Z, JONES., owner.
$40 MONTHLY Income; all rented; 3rd st., near
Rr'dway: lot 75x100; Improvements; mortgage
¦ $2i00: will trade equity for clear property;
price $6000. Box 4371. Call office, S. F. *
OAKLAND .Branch Office ot The " Call re-
moved to IJIS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisement* nrrd *üb«erintlon« received.
OAKLAND FI'RXITURE FOR BALE.
.AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th«
fcrßltnr* aealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
HAYWARDS REAL' ESTATE. ;
TO RENT— a-acre sunny hill land and cottage;
terms low. 918 Clay st.. Oakland.
800. FIFTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and up-; purse, $400.
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springy and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytton
for Lytton Sprlng-s; at GeyserviUe for Skag-gs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan . Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsoad Spring*. Soda Ray. Lam-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue. Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. 'Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Days; Riverside, Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sannedrin Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr's
Hot Springs.. Mendocino City, Fort Braxjr.
Westport, Unal. Wlllltts. Laytonrtlle, Cum-
ming's. Bell's Bprings. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
- Saturday . to Monday round-trip tickets at rs>
duced rates. '¦ -
On Sunday round-trio • tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
- Ticket Offices (£0 Market at.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. . ,:¦ R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. : .Gen. Pasa. Agent. -
Tim*— l-1« --OSH: 6-I*. :30 **: 9 - 18 - :55 %: IS-16. 1:81H; ">lle. 1:41%: 1 l-16m,M:m;. Good start.
Won easily; second and third driving". Winner. W. R. Larzelere's b. g., by St. Carlo-An
archy. Winner prohably best. Castake 1 : Improving some. Tirade weakly handled. Bishop
Heed quit. Scratched— Persi-us 116. Sylvan Lass 104. . .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sau<ialito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. ISW.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL TALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.-
WEEK DATS— *7:00. »9:SO. 11:00 a. m.; n:«.
•5:40,-6:15. 6:00. 6:30 cm. -..;-.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:20 d. m. . ,- .
SUNDATS— *B:Oi>. »10:00. »11:J» a. m.; lot,
*:l.'i.-. '4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. ra. ¦
¦ Trains marked (*) run to Ban Quentln." ' ¦
. FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-S:K, *«:35. 7:45. »9:40 a. m.;
. "12:30. 2:15. »3:40. *5:15 p.- m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, .Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 8:40 and 10:15 p.. m. .
SUNDAYS-^:?©. »8:00. 10:00. *U:44 a. m.j
•1:40. *3:15. 4:45. ««:30 cm.
. Trains marked <•> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL .VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:«. 6:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. m.>
12:35, 2.-35. 3:45. 5:20 p. m. * =.-.-..
- EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday* and
(Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 o. m.
BUNDATS— B:O6. 10:05 a. m. : 11:06. 1:15. I JO.
«*O. •:« p. m.
THROUGH TRArNS.
f*o a. m. week, days— Cazadero and way stations.
(:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way station*.
:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way station*
MOUWT TAMAUPfIIS SCENIC KfiILWAY
Leave San Francisco vta Bausallto Ferry .
Weak days t:tO a. m. and I:4ft p. ra.
Bandays ...1:00. 10:00 a. m. and I:4* p. sa>
' Bteam-beated eloaed car oa all triana.
¦ Far*— flan - Francisco to Summit and Kttorm,
«!•*. ¦- ..• - ?-.. -
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
CHIG\(iO,
'¦ '.. VIA ' ';
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
• : ; - :'¦ AND CONNECTIONS. .
LEA VINO SAN FRANCI3CO DAILT.
8:10 A. M. and <:30 P. M.
Effective Frbruary 25. 1900..
. Get Information of Southern Pacific ticket
ajents or ; • -
GENERAL OFFICE. 14 Montgomery »t.
11
Index.
: • . • 1 ~ '• ¦•¦.•¦. T^ .¦¦ . I •• 1 Betting.
ndex. How. "WelghMSt. Urn. Km..-%m: ' Str. Fin. [ Jockey.- |Op. d.
S2O Tekla 104:2 .. 22.22 26 . 13 14. Henry .'- ~. 8 7
533 Coming: Event: 102.3 . 12 12. 11 '21-. 3 M ', T.Walsh..:... ?4 8
819 Aborigine ...: 109 1- 4 1 • 5 1 .. 3 H II ¦¦¦Z% •E. Jones.: 1 4 8
730 Burdock ...:. 112 4 • 6H ?4 1 6 1 4 2.43 Pißgott ...;... v 6 8
846 Formatus 10« 6 .3 1 .- = 3 1% • 42-6*4 8 1 Bullman ..;... .4213-10
SOS Sam Dannenbaum..lW 6 «4 .6 6 610 .85 (I Jenkins i..i... -3 5
460 Bohardlne IPS 7 ; ¦ 7 ¦:7.. .7 - >!' "• T E. R0t5.....:.. 60 60
Horse.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. | St.
835 Frank Bell. 4 116" 4
(746) Andrtßa.3 .. ........ 110 6
(535) Loving Cup. 6....... 116 5
471 Mamie O, a. &> 2
835 Headwater. 4 .......10? 10
821 Ben Ledt. 4 ........108 1
535 Ollnthus. 4 108 3
721 The Fretter.,4 105 S
771 Afamada, 6 ...... ...110 7
674 Deoov, 3 .:.......... 9» 9
Km.
%m.
1 1
3 1
. 6 h
54 h ,
7 1
111 1 m
: 6h
S h
o 9 H
10
%m.
%m.
IS
8 1
4 n
r 5 h
! « n
2 h
7 1
8 h :
9 H
10
%m.
¦ Str. ¦
13
r >>
4 H
° 75i '
-84
3 1
< 1
mt 2- .
9 2
10
Str
Fin. I Jockey*. •- |(
It I PlKfrott .......
- S %" Spencer'
3 2- Henry .........
i 4 h • toftue ....".....
6 1 Jenkins
« 4 E. Ross
7 h T. Wa15h......
8 1 J. Martin......
9 3 Bullman
10 > Ranch .....:..
Fin.
Jockey*.
I Op.
lOp^ Cl.
16-6 11-:
8-5 • 6-1
6 1(
60 10
. 8' IS-:
IS »
«.. i:
i: i:
6 ;
Cl.
Index, Horse. Age. Welght.|gt. ¦ Km. ';.;
... Twlnkler, 5.. .:.... ..121 T -.62
¦.535U1m,4 ;,..«....10« 8 . • 9 10'
: 745' Ace, a......'. .111 5 . 3h .
.745 B« Happy. 8.. ...;... 119 9 . JV-
¦ 825 Uterp, 4...... MM 6 ••. 5 1
, 852 Croker. 4: 116 1 . 11 ..
TSS .H0hen10hei "5....i...124 10 .: 8 H
836 Musculado, a.;. 121.4 . 2h. ¦;
821 Scintillate.- 5..-.; 119 3 4H
725 Adam Andrew. 8....1H 2 .10
• \i~h-
6 h
9 15
8 1
6h.
. l.h '••
4 1 .
•• 3 h
' 7« .
10
ttm.
:\m. .
4 h
' 8.».-. •
' -;6 IV.
. «3 ;
mm
• 82 ¦ ;.
. 9 2 .-;,
10
\m.
. Str.
Str.
Fin. 1 Jockey. ' |Op.
1H JShaw :.:.>¦....[ f~
2%: T. Wa15h...... . S
. 8 1 Devln- 5
. 4 1 Ruiz :........; -7.:
¦ B M • ' BasMnger .... 6••
61. E. Ross ' "••¦s '
• 7 2-. nullmarr. ..'.... -6
. 8 5 Henry.. : 12
9 i Spencer ...V... 10
10 PigKOtt : 12
Fin,
Jockey. |Op, . Cl.
CT.
8-5
7-2
. 10
: 10
••¦ «
'. 10
' 10
30
20
40
Index.
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.
844 Combermere ..107 3-
(743) I^iura Marie 11l 2
738 Rollick .....10* 5 .
833 Countess C1ara.. '....102 6
526 On Time...; 104 1
696 Gladla 108 7
... Loneliness "1 8
833 Cushion ......'......¦.108 9 •
732 Tiollta , 9S 4 .
533 Screenwell Lake. ...106 10
Horse.
Km.
Mm.
%m.
ttm.
¦Km.
13 ,
,««
¦.5 H .
6h.
• 4 2
; ' s 4
9 2
. 7 h
2 h
10 : -
"Jim.
Str.
Str.
Fin.. | Jockeys. ¦ |Op" ciT
1 1 Ppencer ... 3" 4
2 5 Jenkins.-. 7-5-6-6
32 Bulhnan .; 2 5-2
4 4 I. P0we11.;.... 10 30
"¦ .6 h Henry ......... 10 30
( H K. Jones...-,... 30 100
7V4 Ruiz 20 100
81- E. Rom 30. 10i)
9 3 T. Walsh 15 SO
'10 W. N'ash .;..-.. 10 3Q
Fin.
Jockeys.
Cl.
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. ¦ Km. • %m.
837 Dr. Sheppard. 6....114 2 14 .18
... Arbaces. 5 112 6 712 • « 2
(7W Erwin. 3 :. « 1 : 32 3 1
CS7 Ventoro, 4 ....107 3 2 2 2 2
(543) Fofmero. 4 109 7 . «Mr 6 1
76S David Tenny, 6 114 6 4h 4h
721 Lothian. 4 ....106 4 6 h 7 12
684 Forte. 6 :..... -HI 3 S 8
%m. Btr. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
14 11 1 1 .T. Weish...... 3 11-5
6 4 42 2n Plggott' 5 12
.21 2 M 34 Phelan 4- 8
3 2 3 2 '4 1 Spencer ;. 3 ?-*
8 16- 5H ' Henry ?...•.... S 12
4 2 6h 8 5 -Thorpe" J- j-2
7 12 -76 73 : Jenkins -.. g io
8 8 ¦ . ' i Bull man 12 f>o
ndex Hor»*. Age. Weight. |3t.
$46 Socialist. 4 ...116 3
527 Castake. 5 116 * ':¦
742 Twinkle Twink. 6.. 109 5
722 Tirade, 4 ....114 6.
834 Alleviate. 6 .........109 7
744 Allenna, 3 ....:..... 96 2
812 Bishop Reed. 6......U9 1
787 Vinetora.~4 ......... 99 S
2 h
6 8
7 6
4 H
:6: 6 Vi
I.H
Hm. 14m. Str. Fin. [^ Jockeys. |Op. ci.
lh. 12 13 13 Spencer ;. 3-2 11-5
3h -2 b 31 2 3 -Jenkln*.... 6 •¦ 12
1 .7 10 S3 * 8 H •„¦.•» X Henry .10 20
4h 4 1 41 4 8 Ruiz : 5. i
5H 3H 6 2 B 2 Bullman 3 5-2
. '6 4 , 6 1 . « 2 6 6 Buchanan, 8. g
2h'715:75 72 Pigsott ;....;.' 5 15
8 8 ' I ,8 Phelan ........ 15 '¦ 40¦ - In considering the brazen attempt to reopen Ingleside track;
the Supervisors may do well to ponder, the latest evidence fur
nished by the defalcation of Bryan and Bernard. Their case adds •
another to the already too long list of crimes which can :be •
charged to the L blighting influences of Tanf oran racetrack and;
; its. : gambling system; flaunting" in the faces of - the city's
young men, tempting them to steal their employers' money. ; . ",
• : . . Will the Supervisors dare to increase the number of pitfalls £
<)f which 60 many are already yawning for the city's .youth? --V
, ;It is more than significant that such pertinent .evidence of /
peril to this city should.be presented on the very day that the
: city fathers; are called upon to pronounce .the fate of the scheme ¦
• Cto reopen notorious Ingleside. ' ; :''-[;.' • . -';:¦'. ¦•¦.¦¦.:¦'• ,'-' •'" ..¦'•".'
O *? ARRY M. BRYAN and F. L. Ber-
I' ¦' | nard,- trusted employes of the:
E-V:' | "Emporium and Golden Rule Ba
:::,i '.za.ar,. are posted. as missing, and
-...'¦- -coupled with the fact that a sum
approximating $6003 • belonging to the big
department 'store has also taken flight, it
Is fair: to presume that with at least
twelve hours' • start before their defalca
tion was discovered the men will evade
capture for some time. .... - -. : •
Both men are well known in the tender
loin district, with reputations as good, fel
lows, Bryan especially as a fast pace set
ter. It has been known for some time
that Bryan has been playing the races
and losing considerable money, and lately
to. work- on- the usual distribution, •; and
at the .closing- of the- big concern at ' 6
o'clock placed the envelopes containing
the monthly salaries: in the vault. Yes
terday, morning .the- 'heads of the differ
ent departments : were given the .cash
boxes from the. safe and the envelopes
distributed to the different employes.. Fol
lowing: a rule "of the Emporium, the em
ployes, after receiving their salaries^ are
required to return, the envelopes to the
bookkeeper as vouchers, and it- was "not
until several complaints, of shortages
were made that any suspicion was ex
cited. ; ¦. ¦;¦. • ¦-.:• ::. •¦¦ •¦.'¦ ' >";_¦:;¦;
It was noticed that in nearly every case
the envelopes contained only silver, Bryan
and Bernard, evidently having taken the
gold, leaving the silver that the weight
and size of the packages would not create
he confided to a friend that he had; "over
played" himself at the Tanfori.n race
meeting to such an extent that h« feared
the result. - ¦'• v.
JJoth men had been in the employ of
the Emporium for a long time, Bryan as
bookkeeper at a monthly ralary of $30,
and Bernard receiving' $73 per month as
cash sales accountant. Both had the en
tire confidence of their- employers," so
much so that they were not required to
furnish bonds, and their employers were
loth to believe that the young men; had
absconded until confronted with indisput
able evidence of their guilt.
How the Theft Was Managed.
Jt has. been the custom of the Empo
rium to pay their employes on the last I
and fifteenth days of the month, the pay- !
roll being made up ¦by the cashier on'
figures furnished him by Paymaster
Bryan. On receipt of the statements the
cashier would on the. day -before the last
of the month hand the amount of salaries
In a lump sum to the paymaster, who,
with the assistance of Bernard, the cash
sales accountant, would segregate the
salaries of all the employes, place- them
in envelopes and lock them in the vault
in the cash boxes of the different de
partment*, ready for distribution on the
fallowing day.
On Tuesday the two young men received
the salaries for the employes and went
suspicion until after the salaries <were de
livered. .-.- ¦' :¦%- = •:;¦ /v ..- . - : •, ' '-..
After several "mistakes" had been re
ported to the cashier and Bryan and Ber
nard could not be found abo"ut the: prem
ises the true htate of affairs was feared
and word was sont to the managers, who.
after a quick oxamination of the missing
men's books, realized the fact that their
trusted employes had absconded. . • •••
It was not long before every one con
nected with the establiFhrnent knew of the
defalcation and to nearly all it came as
a surprise. ... , '-.. s -. ¦¦ . '.- ' ¦ . -..
Police Set on the Trail. . . \
Word was immediately sent 'to: police
headquarters with a description of the de
faulters, and detectives were, sent "out -to''
apprehend the men If possible. Special
Officer-:- John , 'Allen of the Emporium
searched all day for a' clew to the missing
men's whereabouts and officers were on
the lookout at the ferries and. depots to
prevent possible escape.. %¦".-.' . ;•- •¦•• .. ¦ '.¦-¦.¦
That the robbery, was -a-.- premeditated
affair and not one. of sudden impulse was
shown by the fact that two young men
answering the description of the default
ers and repres=«ntinK themselves as : em
ployes of the Emporium had bee.n about
town asking for prices oh. Klondike-out
fits and volunteering the information that
they were preparing for a trip to Nome •
Bryan and Bernard occupied a room tni. :
gether at 311 Eddy street, and yesterday
when the room was. searched, it was an
parent from its . condition that the bed
Our name on your printing: raises the stand-
ard of your »ood«. Myseli-Rolllna,^ Clay. •
ATTACKED FELLOW CONVICTS.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .'
SAN QUENTIN/ PRISON, Feb. 28.—
Wong Mow. Gee, a highbinder serving a
life term from Santa Clara j County, . to
day made an attempt on the life of Wong
Ah See and . Mock Yee Vow, two fellow
convicts, who worked beside him in
Jute mill. .: . •= <¦¦ '
See and Vow had a, auarrel with.ithe"
man and he whipped -out a" knife And
stabbed both In the region of • the ¦ abdo- [
men. Inflicting Injuries which may prove
serious. The knife used was made of
wire, sharpened to a point and mounted
on a block of wood.. ( ;. .;[ " ,
Are the old kind. • Our new clip can'tidlg; don't-
slip or tilt. .They're solid comfort, for 60 cents.
¦Oculists'. : prescrlptiona .filled. •' Quick, repair-
ing:. 'Factory, on premises. Phone. Main 10L--
i OPTICIANS^ H^!jiSir*jc>PW'MTu3. ] g
!'! ' CAO ki * — °^SOWTIFIC.',.V,-.-
; . o4Z Market^ st.> tesTROHEniTa y
i iwmtwmiCtt'WiiniiHi. ' "" """.,"".'•
f\ | I ¦— £y '¦ Completely ., eradicated . wlta-
LFII f out cuttlnc or tylnr. No
| I¦_ I \J cur*. ¦no nay. ' For lnforma-
— Uon address 8. F. WECTAI*
¦ssßßßßsasssßßSßai INSTITUTE. U7O . Market. • :.-
Catarrh, Deafness^
\ljl)iiF^T'.. yji^** 1 ****"' I iiycc
* «^._ . M . . ., - ¦— — — ¦ ¦ ¦ , - j *' ¦ ¦ ' ¦"¦¦¦¦" ™^" Lunoo .
:. .; Diseases Positively Cured by
DR.3;MTTIIIGHAM'S -JZ&-
! 204 Sutter St.; NW. Cor. Kearny.
• t Hours— 9 to U «. m. ; 1 to S and 7 to 8 p. m.
PUFF An bonest trial of one week, given
¦ ¦»*-»¦-»• to show the superior merit of the
new " treatment. - 2000 < teat ' case*— J5 per cent
cured. Call at once or write, • •• ¦•
Convict Rearrested.
Special' Dispatch to .The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, . Feb. H.—
Frank. Weller, a. convict, discharged, to
day^ was. rearrested at the prison :gat©
by -the. superintendent .." of the lone Re
form School. " Weller had escaped from
that ¦.institution two years' ago, .- but .' got
into fresh trouble :and .-a year .in San
Quentin was the result. He -must .'now
serve out his remaining time at lone. •. - ? .
MURDER AGAIN
STALKS ABROAB
IM CHINATOWN
Three Tongs -Declare Wa r
: on Sue7\Sing^SrM;Kiji
- " ' Chin Ah Sue. .- l
Insult . to \ a : Woman • • Causes Horn
. Kee and Yong Yee.to .OpenV- ':
':.; ;."¦¦;¦: '¦'¦; •; Another .- -Highbinder . :'•.'
. • ..- Struggle. t .< ' ' t • ..
-." .'-:'. .-"-¦. .' . — #- — i ' ¦ ; .¦.;'--''."•'„•..•-'¦,¦
Another carnival of crime has opened in
Chinatown. Once more . the ..highbinders
have, taken up their:, weapoiis • and . the
first victim of heathen' . vengeance fell
dead ' about midnight' last "night at the
corner of. -Ross alley and. Jackson street,
shot twice tHrbugh-.the body.. ••¦••• '
• The dedd Chinaman's name is Chin Ah
Sue, a member of the Suey.- Sing Tong.
His murderers were members of the Wai
Ting; Tong and Hop Sing ¦ Tong, named
Yong Yee and Horn Kee. .Ah Sing, now
under arrest at the California street po
lice station, was with themwhen the kill
ing, was done. t ••¦..'. ¦ -.'•' ' ;• . '
.. The trouble ' which : precipitated •¦: the
shooting took, place* last Sunday night."
On that evening a. banquet was held by"
the Sin Sue Ying and. was attended by
members of various -tongs. .'After, the
function, was over a woman .-in company
with a Wai Ting Tong man was. passing
from the. place on the road' to- her home.
She was Insulted by three Suey Sing' men
and her companion proceeded to pummel
tho hoodlums. ¦¦¦'•:<¦¦ • .. ¦ - -
The insult aroused the indignation of the
Wai Ting men and they demanded that
the Suey Sing man who committed the In
sult be . expelled from that -society, and
that his name be posted up on the. prin
cipal thoroughfares of the Chinese quar
ter. In disgrace. The. Suey Sings agreed
to expel the man, but they would not post
his name as requested. .. ¦
The Wai Ting Tong declared. war. after
a meeting last night, at which the Suey
Sings' decision was made known, and In
this they were seconded by. the Sin Sue
Ying, at whose banquet. the trouble hap^
pened. The Hop Sing Tong.gladto secure
revenge upon the Suey Sings for ¦ the
death of a number of their men -in: the
recent war which has not yet been settled,
signed a compact to aid the tong that de
clared the war.
About midnight Chin Ah Sue was met
by four highbinders wno had been detailed
to kill him.- Horn Kee, a member of the i
Hop Sing. Tong fired the first shot at him,'
and. Yong Yee of the Wai Ting Tong fired
the second. Ah Sing of the Sin Sue Ying,
now under arrest, was a third man of the
quartet of murderous highbinders.
Sing was seen escaping from the scene
by Officer McGovern and was later; cap
tured, with a hig pistol in his possession,'
by Officer McGrayan." • . ".. ¦ . >:. ¦;
The police-regard this as only the first"
of a series of murders, to follow in China
town, and expect that many lives will be'
lost. before the trouble can be settled. ¦
would-bej . safecrackers to take to their
heela. ',¦.•'..;••••:•:¦•" : - ". ¦.'.'."-.. -'•' .•-.•". ¦¦:¦::
- About 9 o'clock last night P. C. Ander
son, the watchman for.- the navigation
company,' stepped- out 6f_ the office Into
a yard. lie was: immediately beaten and
overpowered - by two - masked men and
bound.- He was- then led back to the of
fice and told, to keep quiet/ -A. coat was
placed over his head, which ' he' quickly
shook off;' and. the- robbers proceeded to
examine the safe. They then stepped out
side, presumably to get some tools, when
Anderson, seizing the opportunity, threw
himself out of me window and. raised an
alarm. - Gately came quickly, to ' the /-'place
and the. men escaped, in the darkness^ '•¦"
.'. Anderson-, says, that .the -men- .b^at him
severely on, the head -with their revolvers
when he : stepped outside the door. . They
wore ' red handkerchiefs over.- their faces
and were short in stature: .' Both were at
tired, as workingmen ¦ and a, cap, similar
to that -worn by coalpassera.'was picked
up on the scene after they had left. The
watchman had $Co. in: coin on his person,
but the robbers, intent On getting at the
safe, did not search hirnY. He is 47 years
of ;age, has been, employed by . the. com
pany seventeen, years, ¦ and- resides in
Berkeley.- The police believe that some
persons formerly employed, by the. com
pany and who were well acquainted with
the premises did the Job: .From their act 3
both men were novices in the safecrack
ing business. • • ' .-•...• •.:-.•:
OFFICERS NAMED
BY VETERANS OF
GALLANT FIRST
Several Companies Turned
Down, Officers and Paid .y;
>5:/':':.Up^^riSbores^s.^.;.
The companies of : the "First California 1
Regiment last evening elected officers."
Ten.: companies, "made their selections
without, any marked manifestations. Two
companies— F and X— were : the center of
interest, " as . there had been ' much talk
that they, would . take, the occasion of the
election to even. up scores dating back to
the service of the regiment in, Manila.
There, w-as a very warm time when ; Com
pany F balloted. .The -quarrel between
Captain- Miller and Lieutenant Nlppert
came to the f orei The balloting for cap-,
tain i-resulted" in 44' votes, for -Nlppert. and
19 for Miller. The room rang with cheers
when the result was announced." Corporal
.W.'.A. Varney was elected first lieutenant.
Second Lieutenant •" Brown's, office lasts
until April ' and consequently ; no one was"
elected to succeed him. .When Varney
had been elected the trouble came to the
front. Captain Miller said that he thank
ed those who had • voted : for him.. - They
stood up for him,"knowing .what they
were going up against; and . they .were
dandies." -..-. •• ¦-."."•¦¦¦''. '-.¦•'¦ "-¦.•'• : -
Captain-elect Nlppert- was not slow to
respond. He. said that when the men of
the company • left the volunteer service
they • said much concerning • what : they
would do. He was. glad that they had
kept their promises. He had had the, best
part •of the company • with him ; . he. had
not been selfish in seeking office.^ Bight
would prevail and had prevailed. . The
vote ¦ for. him • had been • for the ; good of
the company. .An' objectionable element
had been got rid of. These remarks were
aimed at Captain Miller, who made .no
response. . ¦ .-.-¦ • . - - .
Varney' 8 election* as • lieutenant was
unanimous. • B. Hawks was named for. the
place. He was one of Millers friends and
he rose to say that he would not serve
in the company under Buch«a captain as
had just been elected. Major Tllden tried
to throw oil on troubled waters and was
cheered. ' . "
Company ' X elected Lieutenant
Schwerdf eger for captain, he receiving
20 votes to 17 cast for Seeley: Edwin M.
O'Reilly first lieutenant over A.L.
and Corporal. Frank Young second' lieu
tenant. • • ' '.¦'• ' • ¦ • ' ' '
Other, companies elected the following:
Company G — Captain, E. C. Sutllffe, first
lieutenant, W. M. Swasey; second lieuten
ant; John L. Darms." Company C— Captain,
Charles .E. Goodall: first lieutenant,
George J. Petty; second lieutenant, Joseph
N. Ross.' Company A— Captain." J. F. Con
nolly; first lieutenant, George Ballinger;
second lieutenant, . Joseph Brown. These
were re-elections. Company D — Captain,
Thomas J. McCraigh, he receiving 26 votes
to 22 for Harry F. McGurren; first lieu-;
tenant. C. J. White: second lieutenant, B.
J. O' Nell. ' over Gabriel Stevens. McGurren
will . have Lieutenant White before the
board of examiners, . claiming that he is
not qualified. Company a E— Captain, W.
R; Robertson ; first lieutenant. James Jor
dan; second lieutentant, Sergeant William
Welsh. Company H— Captain, Francis
Warren; first lieutenant, ; Musician Lionel
Swift; second lieutenant. Corporal Arthur
Magee. The company turned down all its
old officers. Company I— Captain. Frank
Moore ; first lieutenant. Sergeant Henry
G. Mathewson, vice r Huber, who declined
renomlnation; second lieutenant," Sergeant
B. Corcoran. Company .L— Captain, .J.F.
Eggert; first lieutenant, Henry E.'Cruxon;
second lieutenant, Albert C.'Adler. -These
were all re-elections. Company ; M—Cap
tain,; : Thomas ,F. O'Neii; • re-elected ; : first
lieutenant Sergeant William L. Wall; sec-"
ond lieutenant, Richard Collopy.
SAFE CRAKERS
DO BOLD WORK
ON WATER FRONT
Oregon: Navigation ¦ Coin
v_pariy'a ;^atcMan^
.One of the boldest, attempts at. robbery
this season was reported at the vHarbor
police station by Officers Edher.ahd Gwlh
last .night. .Two masked, men; who are
yet at liberty, held up the.: watchman of
the. • Oregon Navigation : . Company •at • . the
corner :bf East and.Broad way,' beat him
on ' the^head: with; their revolvers, bound
him arid then prepared- to crack the safe;
in which a' large, surii , of y money •:. with
which- the -company proposes'. to pay off
Its employes. is contained;. but were fright
ened .'away- before, they ;could;:,; could;:, complete
their work. The alarm was given by. the
watchman; . whom ¦ the robbers had seated
in a ¦ chair,' and who .threw himself out
of a window and raised a cry which sum
moned Jack Gately, formerly Deputy
Coroner at the Morgue, and . caused the
Rev. R. J. Burdette to Lecture.
There Is ! every promise of . a largre at
tendance at- the lecture to -be given to
night by Rev. Robert J.Burdette in Cal
vary Presbyterian Church. The great
humorist has always been a favorite with
local readers and many -.wiir.flock to near
his inimitable, sayings.': '. Mr.' Burdette's
initial lecture is in. a worthy- cause. The
money derived will be used by the Chris
tian Endeavor Society' of ' the' First Bap
tist Church for building- purposes. ¦• ' • - : :
How. can the British trooper bold
; Defeat the .'wily Boer. .¦..'•;•":"•
Unless he tones his system up ".:
;.W"lth good old "Jesse Moore,"
Improvement Club Officers.
At a meeting of the Polk Street Progress
Club last Tuesday evening, the following
officers Were elected for the ensuing, year:
President, \V.- McMann; vice-president, L.
H. Kohn; secretary. George Wale, and
treasurer. Val Schmidt. The repaying of
Polk street, between Lombard and' Ches
tnut, is the principal Improvement now
before the club; --..;. .- . ¦ . • :•' -
Mary Goggins' Revenge.
.John Dolly; a laborer, recently, incurred
the enmity of Mrs.'. Mary. Goggins of •17
Oak Grove : avenue . and : she' swore to be
revenged.: Last night, evidently scenting 1
trouble at the hands of the irate woman,
Dolly decided to call on her and endeavor
to patch >up their differences.'. Mrs. Gog
gins met him at'thedoor with a kettle of
boiling' water and poured the. contents
over' his head and .face. With a cry. of
pain Dolly ran from the house and subse
quently visited the Receiving Hospital,
where a soothing lotion • was applied to
his head and face. He threatens to have
Mrs. Goggins arrested to-day for spoiling
his beauty. v .; .' • . .- '¦ ..' . :
'. Dr. Pairkifr's' Cough Cure. ' One flose will. 'top
a cough. -Xever . falls. . Try It. All drugrUti. • '
Musical Entertainment.
..'A" very enjoyable ehtertainnaentln'the
school ; of ' music- conducted by ' Professor
C. P. Schaffer at 2503& Mission street was
grlven last night by the . pupils :of . the
school. ¦'¦ Those who participated in the ex
ercises were:. -Mrs.' 'Louise Boyden, : Miss
Jennie .- Nicholson, • Miss Fannia' Norton,
Masters - Lester Bundy and Fay : Schaffer;
Miss McGaffery, Master Reuben Thiel,
Master F. Shelly, Mr. Goddard, Miss Alice
Schnutpnhaus; Mrs. Louise . Boyden and
Fay.Schaffer.:V'-: :'¦¦.'¦¦¦¦ ¦¦..,.,' ':¦'.- -.-- "¦¦'; ¦¦
• A similar, performance is given on the
last Wednesday of; every month at this
school:.. ¦•.•.¦¦¦••;'¦¦¦ ¦.-.'¦¦¦ :•'-.:.• .:. ¦¦ ' -' :¦:.:::: ¦ : .: : : : ~.,:¦~ .,:¦
Grove-Street Theater Sold.
. The sale of the old Grove-street Theater
property, belonging to' the estate, of;- the
late'AV.- B; Dolan;- took' place at auction
in Judge. Coffey's court yesterday. : A. J.
Rich; the real estate dealer. On behalf of
a client whose name h« refused "to di
vulge at the- present time, bid $60,000 for
the property • and its sale was confirmed
to him. . Owing to the existence of sev-;
eral -contracts for the sale of the prop
erty, made by" Mrs. Dolan, widow of the
deceased. • some discussion was. occasioned
as to.. who .'.was' entitled to a commission
on the sale, but' the court will arrange
the matter without reference to the con
tracts, as Judge Coffey said ¦ that- Mrs.
Dolan had no right or authority to ! make
them. ;:-.•.•' : ' .'."¦¦¦¦¦:•¦<'¦¦¦•::¦ ¦ . : '.-- : - . . ¦':,
Paymaster Bryan and X i. Bernard -Abstract
the Gold; From Envelopes Containing ; vf
the : Half Month's Pay. .> - '. ¦
Tempted by Tanforan; % They Steal Six
fhousarid Dollars. <^t M
Hales.
TRUSTED EMPLOYES OF
THE EMPORIUM DEFAULT
Hales.
Hales.
Hales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1900.
had not been used, though the bed-clothes
had been disturbed to give it the appear
ance of having been occupied the night
before.
The descriptions of the men as given
to the police are as follows: . ¦¦ -,
H.- M. Bryan, height 5 feet 6 inches.
weight 120 pounds; complexion sallow;
. hair and eyes brown; age 21 years; tip
. of middle finger 'cone.-
. . F. L. Bernard, height 5 feet 8 inches;
weight ICO pounds; complexion florid;
eyes light, blue; dark brown hair. .
wavy or curly on forehead; age 23 .
. Of late the habitues of the tenderloin
have connected Bryan's name more than
.once : with scandal. ¦ The Tanf oran race
track nearly caused him to hurry his de
parture some time • ago, on ,an occasion
when he; sent a "friend to the track with
money : to '. play a. sure tip. : Bryan played
the tip heavily and lost, and It was die
to.- a friend 'from-' wliom .he borrowed.th.it
he made pood- his.- losses.. . Bryan also
Rained. much notoriety in the. Amy Mur
phy case,' in which ;he was a- witness. He
had boasted '-. that he' knew all the. facts
of thecase. but weakened on the witness
.stand, claiming ; that he -would not testify
against his friend Poulin. -. :¦'.-. ¦':¦¦
clearing the complexion of uhMjrhtly eruptions, and preserving, purifying, 1
"W" and beantifyinz the iskin, scalp, hair, and hands, nothing- so pure, so sweet,
* co speedily effective as Ccticura Soap. It removes the cause of disfiguring
ernptlons, loss of hair, and baby blemishes, viz.: the clogged, irritated, inflamed,
or slngrisb condition of the Pores. Ccticcba Soap combines delicate emollient
properties derived from Ccticcra, tho great skin euro, with tho purest of cleansing
ingredients and most refreshing of floorer odors. Xo other soap, however expensive,
Is to bo compared with it for all purposes of th« toilet; bath, and nursery. It com-
bines in Oxe Soap at Oxe Peicb — namely, 25 CErrrs — the best skin and com-
plexion soap and tbo best toilet and baby soap in the world..-
Bold tbrrnirbont the w-BTld. P«tt«« Dmjo aid Cum. Coir., 6ole Propt, Ccmcoi* r.rvicn*. M A«
¦ about tht Skin. Ikalp, Hair, aad U»ndi," frta. • -
'¦¦;^^§^§i2^ ¦ ;¦¦ '/¦"..-.'/ doors open at 9a. m. . - . I
¦ '"¦¦¦i v^l2i.'^ 1 the firm of J.J. O'Brien & Co. has been known I
1 to San its I
S name has always been synonymous with good, I
H V .;;] ; -Vi— -:" : ...v ; .-V/ :r l : :' : o'-'J'V'V-:!;"'-- ; -.cleiah,': "up-to-dja.te ; " rnercharidise.: .:? .^Ve ;purcha3ed/ ; - ; ;vr:;.|i|i
g y-r/'-'f}-'-- ; i '^"^¦:[^ ,^v:-''-o ; ;. ¦'¦vc.;';J-:;^ > :-:v ; ; the entire stock at private sale February 17. ?d I
M | commencing this morning, we will place these i
H XflO 53^1 We OO(^ S on sale in our own store, it will be impos- I
¦ ¦ } siblefor I
I - . , day. as fast as thef goods, shown are sold others I
HI will be put forward extra salespeople and wrap- I
¦I :piets wiil^m^ I
El early morning trading is more convenient because I
II less crowded. 1
I DENTAL/WORPtif!
•™ . ' OF THE HIGHEST GRADE AT W:
';-.¦:. HALF THE USUAL PRICE.
¦ „ ;•- ; ;•;;;- .;.;••.- ASK YOUR FRIEN DS. ABOUT, US/- "W
Painless Methods. V -Prompt Attention. O
• 1 . Erenlncs until 9. : Sundays all . 44^/ A fkT I/nAA H« M
11 '-i,>e;»e xtractl 2?" t fr **- ; 'i-92- up '¦ ¦''¦ •' '«°UR new' hojvie),:. ?;!• >^T
- ¦ Gold Crowns. 22-k.. 3.30 up 1 •¦• >..-:.- - '. . -¦"...-.:
\ nuings ..;.. asc up \,: 1001 Market Street,
¦•¦¦' Teeth •'.•Without .-Plat<*.VOur. 4 •'..'••: •¦ .^ ' „ ¦-.; ¦'-. .-'='¦ . • ~ ¦"•^^ l
J Specialty. We give gas. ? S. W. ¦ Corner Sixth.
................ ...I 1 . SEE ELECTRIC DISPLAY.
A . The Largest Of ifice West of Chicago. A
•••••••••••••••ft?
»r {*^% V
SPECIALSALE
FRIDAY, SATDBD At /
1 .- 1 Special sale prices are lower. •of course, • i
.- .thah" ; :ouT regular prtefs, but our regular •
.. - prices are as low as It: would be safe ta. .'-
. : pay.for soods that are pure: and when .
.; : . wo sell. you goods they are always pure.,' •-.
CREAMERY BUTTER, 2 spares 750
HOOATS, pkg:iv..,.;::,|REE
¦To evenr purchaser of • ¦ . ' :- .• -.-. ......
'.•'••. packaceof H-O. Buckwheat- »-' .:.¦¦¦.' '.
package of H-O Oats riven free. . : :: .
MAPLESYRUP,ptDot2oc,qtbot4oc
•; .- -Warranted pure ¦-;•.' -. ,¦.¦..' : .-.' ..
' ¦ Canada sap..- .-..-- r ,VJ-~ .- '-- ¦'¦;"¦¦ '•?¦••''. ¦•.¦"•.-•:¦
¦ : . Rpsularly 3Sc and 800. •. ' -..v ¦•¦¦¦•'. ¦'.¦'.•:¦ " : - ¦
FINNAN HADDlES;ilj;:v;^:i2ic
.'¦A' fancy new lot Ju»t .¦'.•¦.-¦•;:¦.¦::' ¦¦.'•:'¦..";':
''.•''arrived.'. ¦¦¦'.':•• :-, .¦..-.¦;¦ .-'.^ ?'¦".•¦'...-:'¦•..
:: . : .KeiruTarly. 15c., -".•.-/ -; : : .V;- . '."_ : ¦.•"/;.". ¦':/-~.'".\' : '\';\
Shredded Wheatißiscults^ pkg I2ac|
'¦".". A. healthful food for' weak stomaclj*. ; . : .'.'.'.V •"
.'•'.- Re«^itarly' lsc. ¦••-•.•:;-..•',¦ 1: "=V ¦ i --' .'¦ ."••• V :""¦/:¦-• :
MALTWHISKWRoyaIbranii^M:
.'. ¦ Malt ',Whl'skr' is ¦recommended ,"''.:-.-."^';' .':' "'. .' :'. ;
• ; :- as'an' excellent medicine.- : \ -~.} {>.- .•.•¦-•¦¦.•'•'••"¦',••¦
••.---Regularly;- *1.-; -..: .--•.¦-:::¦¦-: : '/-, '-¦-'.• . :: -':•;•.: ¦ -"-¦-¦.
BROMANGELONjfpkgi§i.vl^
:".-"Mskes dellcloui dessert-; jtyj£*-: : \\<',\ri.\ 4.-0 :
... ...aJI flaTor». : j"'.'-',v- ; .-.:--':"i"-"-':--. : -v.' : -. ¦::¦¦¦ . ;'•'• -i'-.i-.:.
'--•Reeularly Uo.' .¦': ¦/'•"•."¦'••'¦¦:%'•. ': '¦/••, './.". '.'-...':' V^ii
M COUNTRY ORDERS fSOLICITEDj' :^
X.; j: , CATALOGUE FREE..
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Maiietii
'; ' •" ' "(Old number • Jl" Stockton' st.>' : ..~ '" .'• •. •
"¦ ' .'-.¦ .-^ TELEPHONE MAIN 55». ...';¦ . : '¦
V ••'•'OASH OE I^T^AT-A.TD£B. : . j -.'
'^TB another "-' ¦
i'JL±^^£~~ 1~~1 ~~ ~ town will
: m&^^~^ i' d 0 this - • a
fp^k •* ¦'¦'¦' ¦• magnificent
I^^^^-V^. 1 solid oak;.
f^^^^A .-' ' Chiffonier
\W^J!gS?.~ ® -this 'week'
v—- : ¦' ¦.¦ ' :: ¦ • r >ir OUI w U
•:...." h.Send five cents In stamps j ? .
. ; . I for new furniture catalog:. :\
THE j. NOONAN
; . FURNITURE COHPAHY , (Int)i'
10 tr m 1033 MiamiOH smear,
. ;i '. , ; above sixth. ".;-,i /
12
years.