* Continued on Third Page, ¦ . ._.
LONDON, March '•¦ 17.— The Daily Mail . publishes 'an interview ; this morning ¦Jwitti.Cecll Rhodes,' secured by Julian Ralph, •
BRITISH CASUALTIES AT DREIFONTEIN.
LONDON. March 16.— 1t was officially announced to-day that the British casu
alties at Dreifontein on March 10 w*re alxty-two men killed and 321 wounded, in- '
eluding one Canadian wounded. - • . , .. • .',
RUMORS THAT STEYN WILL SURRENDER.
BLOEMFONTEIN, March 15.— General Prettyman la succeeding admirably as
Governor of the town. He issued a proclamation to-day requesting the burgh T
ers within a radius of ten miles to deliver up their arms, assuring them they
would be paid for the confiscation of their property.
Lord Roberts Is about to issue fresh proclamations, which, It Is considered,
will have the effect of disarming further opposition upon the part of the Free
Mr Collings has been appointed Landdrost, vice Pappenfus, deposed,- and
Mr. Frazer will act as Mayor. Great quantities of stores captured at Wasser
fall have been recovered. As a result of Hunter and.Weston's line cutting the
British have secured twenty-six engines and the line has been cleared to the
Kaffir River Rumors are current that* former President Steyn Is willing' to
surrender Much unrest exists among the Dutch population. The burghers de
scribed the soldiers as locusts, saying tney are Innumerable and of identical
color with them. ¦••"•.v"
WAR INTEREST CENTERS IN SOUTH OF FREE STATE.
WHY GERMANY CAN'T TAKE THE INITIATIVE.
PRETORIA, March 14 (via Lourenzo Marques, Thursday. March 15).— The
German Consul has handed 'the following dispatch to jPresident Kruger:
"The Government of Germany and the Emperor will be glad and ready -to
assist in friendly mediation as soon as the fundamental conditions to such are
apparent, as soon as it Is demonstrated that both opponents desire mediation.
Whether the desire already exists on the British side can -be found by, the re
publics on direct Inquiry at, London, or through' the good offices of a third
government which has no important interests of its own to consider in South
Africa. The latter assumption is qualified with a number of nations In and
outside Europe, but not with Germany. . Any such step on the part of the
German Government would awaken suspicions and have other than a humani
tarian view. The increased mistrust thereby engendered would not promote a
peaceable settlement. The request of the republics to transmit their appeal for
mediation to the Austro-Hungarian and Swiss Governments, whose interests
are watched by the German consulate, has been immediately fulfilled."
Boer Prisoners to Be Detained
Indefinitely on Transports
and Free Staters May Be
Spared the Trip to St.
Helena.
L^ONDON, March 17.— The Cape Town correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
.says: . . . /.'...:' ¦?.. • - . . . .-.
"The ,, r Boer prisoners.' I • learn, will be • detained indefinitely on' board
the transports, and the Free dtators will- perhaps be spared the trip to St.
Helena.':' '. . / -. '-">'... .' .
LONDON, March 17.— The Lisbon correspondent of the Standard says: "A mili
tary force of seventy officers and 712 men will sail for Lourenzo Marques on Tues
day next.' This will Include a batteiy of artillery and a squadron of cavalry." - :
ROBERTS WILL SOON BEGIN
THE ADVANCE ON PRETORIA
RHODES SCORES BULLER'S PECULIAR GENERALSHIP.
LONDON, March 17.— Spencer Wilkinson in the Morning Post says:^"The difficulty; now ls^ to Imagine a satisfactory
plan of operations for the Boer commander in chief. At an outside estimate his available forces can hardly be 40,000 men.
The. Boer positions, will, always^ be before a frontal attack is made.. To await the attack will be to risk capture.
The^^ only plan to avoid It will be a hasfy retreat." ¦: r "'-¦'¦' ¦'¦i,'r{-' -- ' . . , •'
• Then proceeding to discuss various possibilities for.. the; Boers Mr. Wilkinson. arrives at; the following conclusion: "The
best thing the Boers can hope for. is to gain-tlme.v There isia^chance of their -being] ablej' again "> to v restore- the; equilibrium
and to turn the balance in their.' own favor. By- gaining time they 1 may; hope for. some} foreign intervention for, complication.
Great Britain must, therefore, push the war with the utmost vigor and must not spare any. effort; to 'keep -the navy and! the
home defense forces in the utmost efficiency,' ready for any emergency.? ', : - ; ; . . .; - ; ;
- ::-. - ¦ . ..,'-•: ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦"--'-• ¦-¦ •.-> - '.¦-"•¦ •¦-.::-,•:•. : .; _ ¦-.....¦, .
BEST THING BOERS CAN HOPE FOR IS TO GAIN TIME.
ROBERTS' OPINION OF GATACRE' S DEFEAT.
DONDON. March 16. 7:42 p. m.-Lord Roberts, in transmitting General Gata
cre's report of the Stormberg defeat; gives his opinions thus:
"The failure was mainly due to.re.iia.nce on Inaccurate information regarding
the ground to be traversed to the uisition held by the Boers, to the employment
of too small a force and to the men being tired out by a .long night march belore
they came in contact with the enemy. When it became evident shortly after mid
night that the guides were leading tne column in the wrong direction, I consider
Gatacre should have 'halted and endeavored to find a -proper road, or should have
fallen back on Molteno. rather than' nave risked the safety of the entire force: by
following a route which brought the troops into difficult ground.^mmanded- on
both sides by the Boers."
BOER COMMANDER COULD NOT CONTROL HIS MEN.
? JAMESTOWN, -Cape Colony. Thursday, . March 15.— There was much.enthu
siasm at. Aliwal North-when General Brabant's troops occupied that place. Com
mandant Oliver," the Boer .commander.' apologized ,for the action of the Boers
durlng".the : last ¦• days'- of • the occupation.: saying he^could npt control his men.
The British are now encamped on the Free State side. of the Orange River, with
the Boers holding an advantageous -hill in front of them. General Brabant la
greatly, hampered owing, to the lack of artillery, having only two 15-pounders.
CAPEiTOWN, March la.-^When the . British forced the passage of the Orange
River they, surprised .the, Boer forces. .The troops occupied* a position on the
north" side of the river ..with little opposition. /.--.,
,:_.The British. first-class. crulser_ Powerful, with the Naval Brigade which haa
been operating ! against \ the Boers . in South ¦ Africa, • sailed for England to-day.
CAPE .TOWN." Match 16.— There was great rejoicing throughout the* colony
upon the receipt of the news that Bloemfontein haa been occupied by the British.
The- first intimation : of . the ,; news at • Port ¦ Elizabeth - was the firing of twenty
one guns at 11 o'clock in the evening. The Inhabitants hastened to the streets and
carried -the -Mayor on "their shoulders, to the Town Hall, where a demonstration
wasmade.! To-day ' Will ibe observed as a general holiday. There is great rejoic
ing at Bloemfontein. whose women and .children have been shut off for months.
At Jamestown great complaint is made of the harsh treatment by the Boers
during the 'occupation. t-Rebels are coming in daily with their arms from to*
south. ~. A' number.< of •: rebel leaders have -been arrested.
LONDON. March 16.— Lord Roberts has sent the, following dispatch to the War Office: .
"BLOEMFONTEIN, Friday, March 16.— General Clements . crossed the Orange ¦¦ River . yesterday. Repairs to the rail
way bridge at Norvalspont have commenced and it, will shortly, be ready, for traffic; -General' Pole-Carew telegraphs his
crrival at Springfontein, so that Bloemfontein now Is practically; ln; rail communication with 'Cape Town. : My procla
mation is already having an excellent effect. Several hundred burghers have -expressed their intention to surrender their
arms, and return .to their occupations. .'• ' ' , - • ' ¦". - : ;.
,* : "The resident commissioner of Basutoland reports that: 800 Boers lately -arrived from Bloemfontein, and that a fur
ther contingent from Aliwal North was only waiting to know; the terms of my proclamation. They had refused to at
tend a council at Kroonstadt to which President Steyn, had summoned them." >';>
LONDON, March 16.— Lord - Roberts' success In . handling the civil . problems •at Bloemfontein and i the man
ifest equanimity with which , the residents of , the capital of the .-Orange . Free t State accept the British occupa
tion momentarily eclipse in interest the military, situation. It , ls. believed here that -the commander-ln-chief . of -the
British forces in South Africa will soon push on to Pretoria, but .Great. Britain Is 'quite content to listen for a'few.days
to the acclamations of the people of Bloemfontein and permit the.; troops to : enjoy, ; a" few days' rest ' before ¦ expecting
further success. Lord Roberts made a quaint .speech to the guards, at Bloemfontein to-day, when, in his first' congratu
latory words, he expressed pride In -their splendid march of thirty-eight: miles in twenty-eight hours and gave ample
assurance of his ultimate design. ' ' ¦', y- ? ' ' ; ,-_'. ij ; < ... .-•; • t '. . ," . ,
"Through a small, mistake," said Lord Roberts, VI have not been able to .march into. Bloemfontein at the head, of
the brigade, as I intended. I promise you, however, that . l will lead you into Pretoria." . .
ROBERTS EXPECTS TO MARCH INTO PRETORIA.
MANY BURGHERS ARE RETURNING TO THEIR HOMES.
LORD METHUEN'S REPORT ON HIS DEFEAT.
¦ LONDON.' March 16.— The London Gazette this evening, publishes General Lord
Methuen's report of the actions at Magersfontein December ID and 11. dated from
Modder River February 15. After explaining the difficulties of an attempt to out
flank 16.000 Boers and arguing that a blow dealt at the Boer center at Magers
fontefh..would be more effective., he says his orders were to relieve Klmberley; and
therefore the day the last reinforcements arrived' he decided to attack Magers
fontein'Kopje." The general then proceeds to describe the artillery bombardment
of the position and how the Highland Brigade was led to the point of assault after
the late Major General Andrew G. Wauchope had previously explained all he in
tended to do and the particular part each battalion was expected to play. Lord
Methuen then says? • '
.i : 'TTwo" rifles accidentally, went-off;and the .flashes, from a. lantern gave the
enemy timely notice of the march."
the report .then proceeds to 'show that General Wauchope deployed his men
too late and suddenly the Boers poured in a heavy fire. Colonel Hughes -Hall et.
Immediately ordered the Seaforths "to charge and the other commanders followed
suit. At this moment some one gave word to retire, and part of the Black Watch
rushed back through the ranks of the Seaforths. ' Colonel Hughes-Hallet' ordered
the latter to lie down and not retire. After a while the colonel again tried to reach
the trenches 400 yards off. but the officers and half the . men fell before the
heavy fire which opened after the men moved. Ten minutes later the Seaforths
tried another rush, with the same result. Colonel Hughes-Hallet 'then decided'
to await orders." .After describing -sending the Gordons and Guards to support
the Highland Brigade* Lord Methuen continues: . ... ........ i
..•"At 2 o'clock in the afternoon the Seaforths were exposed to a heavy cross
fire, the order to retire was given, and the greater part of the casualties then oc
curred. This was an unfortunate retirement for Hallet. He received instruc
tions to 'remain in his position until dusk, and the enemy were then quitting
the trenches in tens and twenties. " Wauchope told me in the evening of Decem
ber 10 that he quite understood his orders and made no further remarks. He
died at the head of his brigade, where his name will always remain honored and
respected. His ; high military reputation and attainments ¦ disarm all criticism.
Every soldier in my division deplores his loss. He was a fine soldier and a true
comrades The attack failed.: The Highlanders were ready enough to rally, but
the paucity of the officers and the non-commissioned officers made It difficult.
I, attach, no; blame to this splendid brigade.";
The report ,theni proceeds to pay a high tribute to the conduct of all the
troops, under conditions ; as : hard as can be imagined, and mentions specially a
number of officers and* men- for distinguished acts of courage already recorded
In the newspaper dispatches. . , • • *
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by the New York Herald Company.
LONDON, March 17.— War Interest centers largely this morning about the Boer forces "in south of the Orange Free
State, and the converging movement being directed agalnst'them by Brabant, Clements and Gatacre; Their strength
is variously estimated at from 2000 to 5000. the latter figure being .more likely to be correct. They, were in the neigh
borhood of Bethulle. Aliwal North and- Noryals Pont en Thursday, but have since 'vanished "from. Aliwal ' North;'
One Boer command has fallen back into. Basutoland, and, according .to "dispatches, 1 is there' waiting 'to 7 surrender
upon learning the terms of Lord Roberts' proclamation. • ¦'.-.'' '•.' •• • •".•_.' "}, J ' , . "'* ,••>*. ; ,' ¦ ¦
General Pole-Carew has arrived at Springfonteln. and Is in' position to" add .his force to that of Clements or Gat
acre as the situation demands. General" Gatacre' threw his : force over the Orange River, and -occupied ' Bethulie without
a shot. being fired. - General Clements: has effected a crossing, at. Van Zyls, to' the east of .Norvals* Pont. Brabant, -who
is also on the north of the river at AliwaH North, is reported, to be confronted by the -Boers,, who are on the hills and
have'Krupp guns. •He is hampered by .lack of artillery. The; question, seems '¦ to be not whether .the Boers will contest
the advance of the.se three forces, but -whether they will succeed in making good their, retreat with the railroad barred
and Pole-Carew. threatening their rear. .': .- ¦¦'• ';¦ '."' " '"'.;¦'' '
Lord Roberts reports that the resistance in th«» "southern part* of the Free State is collapsing. Several hundred
burghers have decided to surrender and return to their farms."'. .'.-'. : - 1 . , ". \. : '¦ ; ' : "'
The proceedings at Bloemfontein, according to British reports." almost, verge upon'comlc opera. It could hardly have
been expected that the capital -would receive an. lnvafling army : with open arras : or decorate and' make demonstrations
In honor of the enemy's success. If these accounts are : accurate,; there is apparently only.: one explanation, that is, that
the Free State is tired of the war and anxious- to make: peace, regardless of the action of the Transvaal. , . . r ,
Some of the Disheartened Boers
Including Generals Lucas
Meyer and Schalkburger
Admit Their Cause Is Hope
less.
VAN ZYL. March 15. — The bridge over the Orange River here has been :cm
pleted. The British forces haw crossed and to-night theyare bivouacking on
Free State soil. . . ]
LONDON. March 17.— The Daily Mall has! the following dispatch from
I^ourenzo Marques, dated Friday. »larc!i 16: ¦ "Intrenching is proceeding on -t«ie
Vaal River at Vereyng. Late arrivals irom Pretoria say that the Boers themselves
now admit that their cause is hope'ess. General Lucas Meyer refuses to fight agai.i
and has returned to his farm. General Schalkburger has also returned, and the
burghers are going home by hundrcls. . .
LONDON, March 17, 4:20 a. m. — With "the, railway communication to the Cape intact, Lord
Roberts will in a few days be in a position to begin the advance on Pretoria. His deep po
litical intuition, combined with' his bold strategy, is having the result desired in
crn sections of the Orange Free State, which are rapidly calming down.
Maf eking is now the only point for anxiety, and as it is known that a force has left Kim
berley its relief may be announced before'many days pass. The efficiency "of the relieving column
is heightened by the fact that it is partly composed of regulars. '..¦'.,,-..
In the lobbies of Parliament last evening.- it was remarked that Lord Roberts is about to is
sue a proclamation announcing that the former system of government in the Orange Free State
is abolished and promising Free Staters who immediately surrender 'due i consideration.^ n^p.
It is understood that the continental powers, with one excepticn, uncompromisingly, re
fused to intervene. The exception was Russia, whose reply was couched in less firm language, al
though, like the others, she declined to interfere. It is said that the Pope was appealed to; but that
he declined to do anything beyond writing. a letter to the Queen, appealing to her to stop the further
effusion of blood. Dr. Leyds' efforts with King Leopold were quite futile.
The possibility of the destruction of Johannesburg is still discussed here, but- it' is believed
that the French and German shareholders would offer a strong protest. ,
The latest advices respecting the surrender of Bloemfontein show that the approach of the
British caused a stampede* Thirteen trains, each composed of forty cars, and all crammed with
Boers, hurried northward just before the line was cut. Mr. Steyn would have been compelled- to
surrender, but he pretended that he was going to' visit. one of the .outposts, and, at midnight took
a carriage which was waiting for him outside the town and thus escaped. The Boers got the bulk
of their wagons and military stores away. .
Majority of the Continental Powers
Having Refused to Inter vene in
the' South African War, the
British Intend to Lose : No Time
in the Campaign Against the
Transvaal Republic.
KRuOnSIAD, NEW CAPITAL OF THE ORANGE FREE STATE.
On the advent of Lord Boberts' army to Bloemfontein President Steyn fled to Kroonstad, seventy
miles to the northeast on the line of the railroad to Pretoria, and there established a new seat of gov
ernment. The town is the base of the next line of resistance of the Boers, who are there concentrating,
it is said, to the number of 50,000 under Joubert himself. • ','A'J-
? VOLUME LXXXVII — NO. 107.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MARCH 17, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
1 • . ¦'
An Innovation— British Officer Explaining. the Plans of,
. • ' Attack to His Men.
; 'The picture shows a position known as the "Outlook,'\a rocky prominence
about 400 feet 'high, rising almost perpendicularly above the r plain through
which the Tugela River runs. The men of, the Scottish Rifles were brought '
up, carefully "hiding themselves behind the rocks and bushes, and their offl- 4
cer pointed out to them the position of the Boers and explained what they <
were expected- to-do 1 when the -attack was made.- This was Indeed an Inno- .$
vationin the method of making war. ~:>.
Lord Kitchener of Khartoum, Chief of Staff, South Africa.
With yet fresh laurels from Egypt and the Soudan the conqueror of the
Khalifa went to South Africa to face a graver situation than he had ever
before known— or Great Britain— in his lifetime. He faced it. Order sprang
from confusion. Bewilderment and defeat changed to confidence and victory
and to-day he Is second only to his gray-haired veteran chief, who as the
nomlnai head of the new order of affairs made Kitchener's opportunity pos
sible."That ts Welt Spoken
natkWelimen.''
Let every sufferer from catarrh take
. this as a- personal recommendation from
the : thousands ' t»ho -hi.'ye been cured of.
this disease by Hood's • SarsaparUla. It
eradicates the cause of the disease, and at ¦
the same time soothes and rebuilds the irri-
tated and inflamed membranes, -
Catarrh— ?'Ms ) throat tvas in such a
condition 'ivtth catarrh that I could hardly
sivatf&a) and, had no appetite. J: found
Hood's SarsaparUla an excellent remedy,
and now have a good appetite." EUa J.
White, Birds, Texas.
ADMITS THAT
INNOCENT MEN
WERE PUNISHED
Prosecutor Forney Still Be
fore the Wardner Inquiry
Committee.
Members Spend a J>ay Quarreling
Over .the Question of Including •
. Speeches in the Official
Record. ;
WASHINGTON, March 16.— The taking
of testimony in the Co«ur d'Alene Investi
gation before the House Military Commit
tee was suspended this morning in order
that the committee might hold an execu
tive session to determine how far the offi
cial record of the proceedings should in
clude the speeches and personal contro
versy which has occurred of late. Rep
resentatives Lentz and Sulzer contended
that everything should be included with
a record vote, including names, on each
division.
It was decided by a vote of 9 to 5, on
party lines, to keep the record down as
far as possible to the actual questions,
answers and votes. Subsequently this was
amended so that all that haa heretofore
occurred will stand, but hereafter the
committee will determine as circum
stances arise whether arguments and con
troversies shall be included. During the
discussion considerable feeling was mani
fested and intimations were made by some
of the members that they would -withdraw
from the investigation because of the pro
posed limitation of the record. No ouch
action was taken, however. .
The cross-examination of Special Prose
cutor.Forney was continued at the after
noon session. He said that no doubt soma
of the Imprisoned- men were Innocent and
they were released as soon as the facts
could be learned, but the testimony was
voluminous and action was necessarily
slow. He believed there was a prima facie
case against those held.; *
Lentz's Questions Ruled Out.
The committee made Blow progress, as
many of Lentz's questions were ruled out,
causing animated controversy. The ques
tions were directed to showing that the
Idaho constitution contained the declara
tion of rights and of civil liberty. Forney
Bald the present condition in the Coeur
d'Alene district required the continued
presence of • the military, forces, although
peace and quiet were being rapidly re
stored. There had been no actual violence
for some months. ,
The witness said he had seen Governor
Steunenberg In and about the "bullpen"
twice, about a half hour each time, mak
ing inspections. He said the Governor's
action was not reviewable by the courts
except In case of gToss abuse of power.
He had talked with General Merriam and
found him well versed in the rights and
obligations under the martial law. The
general told him, he said, that he was
there to aid the State authorities but not
to supplant them.
SENATE VOTES
RELIEF FOR THE
PORTO RICANS
Passes the Bill Carrying a
Two-Million Dollar
Appropriation.
Allen's Amendment Declaring That
the Constitution Extends Over
the Island Meets
" .Defeatj
' WASHINGTON, March 16.— After a de
bate, at times spirited, extending over
parts of two days, the Senate to-day
passed the Porto Rican relief appropria
tion bill. As passed the measure carries
12,095,000, the President being authorized
to • use that sum for "public education,
public works and other governmental and
public purposes" In Porto Rico.
k Allen of Nebraska offered an amend
ment to the bill declaring that the con
stitution extends over Porto Rico by its
own force, but it was lost by the decisive
vote of 36 to 17, as follows:
Ayes— Allison. Baker, Bard, Beveridge, Car
ter. Davis, Deboe, Elklns. Fairbanks, Foraker,
Fostei, Galllnser, Gear, Hale, Hanna, Hawley,
Kean Lindsay. Lodgre, ilcßride, McComas,
McCumber McMillan, Penrose, Perkins, Pritch
ard, Ouarles, Ross. Sewell, Shoup, Simon,
Ppooner, Thurston, Warren, Wellington, Wet
jnore — 36. .
Noes— Allen. Bacon, Bate. Berry, Butler,
Chllton. Clark of Montana, Clay. Cockrell, Cul
bergon, Harris. Kenney. McLaurln, Morgan.
Kawllr-B, TlUman, Turley— l7.
Jones of Arkansas withdrew a fre6
trade amendment offered by him and that
proposition, therefore, did not reach a
vote. Other efforts to amend the bill were
fruitless.
An order was made by the Senate as to
consideration of the case of former Sen
ator Quay, It being unanimously agreed
that it Bhould be taken up two weeks
from next Tuesday and discussed until
disposed of, the discussion not to interfere
v.'ith the unfinished business (the Spooner
bill authorizing the President" to govern
the Philippines) until otherwise directed,
the appropriation bills or conference re
ports. - •,
Hoar of Massachusetts offered the fol
lowing resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be di
rected to communicate to the Senate a letter
of Kmilio Agulnaldo, dated at Bacoor, July 15,
U9B, addressed to the American commander
and forwarded to General Merritt July 27, IS9B.
EASY MEANS OF SENDING
MONEY BY THE MAILS
Congressionel Bills Providing for the
x • Issuance of "Post Check '
Notes."
WASHINGTON, March 16.— McMllJan.
In the Senate, and Lentz, in the House, to
day introduced bills designed to afford an
easy and Inexpensive means of transmit
ting money by maH.' They provide that
all United States and national. banknotes,
silver certificates " and . treasury nuics of
$1, $2 and $5 denomination shall be re
placed tj new to be . known as
"United States post-check notes." Fifty
million of United States notes of demonin
at'on above $10 shall be replaced, with a
like amount of fractional post check notes
of from 5 cents to 50 cents. The face and
back of the notes are to make them "pay
able to payee named hereon," in place of
the prebent Inscription, "payable to bearer
on demand," and the face of the notes
shall have a blank space to insert name
of a payee, with such space for receipt
and Etamp. . The holder of any such post
check, by inserting the name of a payee
and lixmg a postage stamp, may forward
the sane by mail to the designated payee,
and ie Is redeemable at -the poslofHce
named. The checks are then to be can
celed and new checks issued.
RESOLUTION AIMED
AT THE OIL TRUST
Attempt to Cause Prosecutions s for
Violations of the Sherman '
¦ ; : - Act. •.¦¦ ,--. .-, ¦
WASHINGTON, March 16.— Representa-
tive Fitzgerald of Massachusetts i to-day
introduced the following resolution:
Whereas, It appears as a matter of public
record that ¦ the Standard OH Company paid
WHEELER CALLS
UPON THE WAR
DEPARTMENT
General's Resignation , Not
| AcceptecPby the
; President. . "•¦*
As Soon as It Is Acted Upon He
-•• -; Will -Appear Before the Bar of ¦_ .
' the House* and Demand
.•, ¦ - -.- His Seat. . ' .
WASHINGTON,; March [18, — General
Wheeler went over to the War Depart
ment this afternoon. In the absence of
Secretary Root he reported formally to
Adjutant General Corbin, thus complying
with the order from the'department which
brought, him from Manila to Washington.
The general was in* the uniform of a brig
adier general -of the volunteer ' army. He
looked the picture of health— better than
when he left Washington for Manila. He
gave General Corbin a. brief description of
the conditions lnliuzon. He Insisted that
the war was over and that nothing more
was to be done except to run down a few
guerrillas and irregulars. There was dif
ficulty in this work, he said, and there
was danger, too, but its prosecution was
not 1 "war." Ambuscades, were frequent
and annoying and it was not easy to tell
whether the hidden force was strong or
weak. Three men had been mistaken for
a company in some cases.
¦ The general said that the American
troops were doing splendid work there.
They were sound and healthy and in quite
as good shape as they would be at homo
engaged' in similar service. This was
owing in a measure to the excellent care
for their men exhibited by officers and
to the watchful precautions of the staff
of the army. . .
..¦ General Wheeler said that as soon as his
resignation had been accepted by th«
President he intended to make the issue
as to his right to a seat in the House of
Representatives as a Representative from
Alabama. He says the issue will not be
one for the decision of Speaker Henderson.
He will present himself at ; the bar of th«
House and ask to be sworn- in. As he un
derstood-the rules the Speaker. will hay«
nooption, but must submit the matter to
the House. General Wheeler was confi
dent that the decision would be In his fa
vor, though ha realized that there might
be some delay owing to a reference of his
case. to the Committee on Elections.
At the conclusion of his interview with
General Corbin General Wheeler went over
to the White House, his. purpose being: to
secure speedy action upon his resignation.
It is learned that such action; has been
withheld by the President .only to legalize
General Wheeler's traveling expenses and
per diem up to the moment of hia arrival
in Washington.
'General Wheeler was with the President
for some time. On- leaving the White
House he said his resignation had not yet
been accepted, but he expected a decision
would be reached within a few days.
Stops the Couth and Works Off the Cold.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets cure a cold
i in one day. Xa our*, na pjtjr.' &rlc+ 2aa.
Our Nation's Wealth.
Gold end silver art poured abundantly Into
the lap of the nation, but our material wealth
and strength is rather In iron, the most useful
of all metals, just as the. wealth of a human
being lies In a useful stomach. If . you have
overworked yours until it Is disable-!, try
Hosteller's : Stomach T - Bitters. '- It will relieve
the clogged bowels," improve the appetite and
cure constipation, dyspepsia, biliousness, : liver
and 'kidney disease, ' _;
NOT A RIVAL IN SIGHT!
The beauty of our laundry work
makes vs justly proud, and we feel like
crowing every time we see the superb
color and finish on the shirts, collars
and cuffs done up by our methods.
United States Laundry, Offlo.
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South >20. :
Oakland Office.' 514 Eleventh St
EXTENDS TIME FOR
TREATY RATIFICATION
Agreement Signed by Hay and Paun
cef ote Regarding Pending Reci
, , ' v procity Agreements.
i WASHINGTON, March 16.— Secretary
Hay and Lord , Pauncef ote to-day at the
State Department signed protocols extend
ing, the* time allowed for the ratification
of the ' reciprocity j treaties between, the
United States and the British West In
dian islands of Jamaica, Turks and Cal
cos, Bermuda and the British colony of
Guiana. The protocol provides that the
ratifications shall take place |as I soon 'as
possible or within twelve months- at the
utmost. These treaties are ; now pending
before the Senate,- behind the French re
ciprocity treaty, and the period , allowed
for their, ratification would expire in or
dinary course about the end of the. pres
ent month. The extension does ! not mean
that the State Department has abandoned
idea of securing ' action" : upon the
treaties at. the present session of Congress,
but simply marks a precaution taken to
guard against unexpected obstacles. . ;
¦•-..*.*¦/ ' :''-= . ... / .: :.: — ¦ — • ¦¦"" ' ¦- ¦".::"•:--' '
PERSIA SENDS A MINISTER.
Will Once More Be Represented at
the American Capital.
WASHINGTON, March '¦-¦ 16— Th© State
Department has been \ notified that the
Persian Government Is about ?to send a
Minister to 'Washington.' For some time
this post haa been' vacant, the incumbent
leaving in dudgeon owing to the merciless
ridicule heaped ; upon him by the Ameri
can paragrapher .; on account 'of his queer,
name— Hadji Hassan Gooli Khan, ' with
half < a dozen ¦: additional i syllables. * -The
department ; has not-: been I notified i in '; ad
vance of the name of the new Minister.
VALUABLE INFORMATION
GIVEN BY WESTLAKE
Says He Pawned Watts' Jewelry, but
That It Was Handed THm by
Another Man.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
SACRAMENTO, March 16. — Martin
Westlake this afternoon" Blgned a state
ment in which he informed Sheriff John
eon that he was the man who sold -to
Pawnbroker Cooney the watchchain ' and
nugget pin of R. R. Watts,' the murdered
miner. Westlake says that he 'made the
sale for another man, who told him to
sign in the pawnbroker's book the name
of W. R. Roberts. "The admission Is re
garded by the Sheriff as a distinct tri
umph and it will go far toward weaving
the mesh around the parties guilty of the
brutal murder of the Idaho miner. The
selection of the name W. R. Roberts for
entrance : on the pawnbroker's sale book
might readily suggest itself ,to any one
familiar with the, name of Robert. R.
Watts, since it Is in reality but little more
than a transposition of the murdered
man's name. .
Sheriff Johnson, has at' hand the mart
referred to In West Jake's statement and
there is little doubt that the mystery will
soon be cleared up. The belief that Brau
hard and Westlake either I are the gililty
parties or know all about the crime |is
general and it would not be surprising
if one or the other presently offered a
full confession.
-. • — : .
Will Canvass the South.
FRESNO* March 16.— At ' a meeting ; of
the directors of the Raisin Growers' * As
sociation this afternoon plans were
mapped . out for the canvassing >• cf San
Diego and San • Bernardino ; and other
southern counties having; a raisin acreage
with a view to obtaining signatures 'of
growers to contracts r and pooling •¦ their
raisins with the association. •"
tS/T*f iUiVurwm* JPi»»a— Failing Mem.
Cf S n Ol7> Sl«*pl«*«sne«ia, sec. canted by uwr-
|Sf \TI work and ladiacntions. Zft«y «wtafc*y
* JTTM •"> ntrUm restor* Loot Vitality In old
l\ ~J or roonc. aad fit s naa far •*adr. boat-
_4CS/E*V sws or pleasnr*. Pr»«»nt Insanity ani
TsB*SdQfr Consumption it taken in time Tholr
D«e shows immediate improrament and affect* CU223
where all others fail. Insist apon having th« caaolas
AJax Tablets. Thar hare cored thon—nds and will
enr* too. - Wo give a positive, written coarast** to »f-
fect a cure In each eas* or refund tins moner. ftic*
wUlildi meat] for $8.60 by mail. In plain wrspper.
apon receipt of price. Ciroularsfree.
AJAX REMEDY CO.. 7 ?^S£S?^-
For sale in S. F. by Leipnlts * Co.. Xj Per-
centage Drug Co., Owl Drug Co.. 8. F., OaU'd.
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
PAINS 111 JOINTS
AND MUSCLES
Destructive Changes Due to
Foreign Elements In
the Blood.
HOW TO OBTAIN POSITIVE AND
PERMANENT RELIEF.
¦UTi<«n the digestive and excretory organs fall
to perform their proper functions the blood be-
comes contaminated with poisonous matters
that brir.K <m sufferings and disease. Inactivity
of tho liver, »lu?t;lf;hness of the bowels. Indi-
rection and plUKgishnesa of the kidneys, all
eerve to assist in the accumulation of these
foreign ek-ments.
Rheumatism is the most common of the dis-
eases that arise as a result of the above condi-
tions. The character of the ilfe-flutd (the
blood) is changed, -for foreign acids now go
to make up Urn composition. These acids give
rise to pain and Buffering. Fibrlnous deposits
in the joints result, causing stiffness of the
Joints and consequent enlargement.
What is necessary to correct this evil? The
question Is easy to answer. A remedy is
needed that will destroy the activity of these
acid poisons, and that will eliminate' them from
the blood. Hudyan performs this- work admir-
ably. Hudyan cure* Rheumatism, because It
neutralizes these poisons. It strengthens the
kidneys and stimulates them to Increased ac-
tivity in order that these poisons may be
filtered from the blood and discharged from
the body.
Hudyan Is a preventive as well as a cure
for rheumatism, gout, headache, pain In back,
pain in limbs, pale and sallow complexions,
Blight's disease, etc., for It corrects all those
conditions that create these poisons, as enumer-
ated above. *
Hudyan cures all diseases of the Stomach-
Liver— Nerves— Kidneys— Blood. Hudyan cures
are permanent. • -
Hudyan Is for Bale by druggists— We a park-
age or cix packages for $2 10.
If your druggist . does not keep Hudyan tend
direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
I consult" T H^ onsul * ?*** J* 1 ;,
I FREE. I Hudy an .Doctor*. Call
» i ~.t «r write to them.
Celery Cpmpoun
1 he Household Medicine
Mrs* J* C* Dunn, Tarentum, Pa«, writes:
"I owe you a great debt for the good Paine's Celery Com-
pound has done my baby boy and myself. About a year ago hia
face broke out in sores. We had two of the best doctors attend
him, but the sores kept on spreading. Finally we tried Paine's
Celery Compound, and one bottle cured him of a bad case of ec-
zema. lam using the Compound now for nervousness, and it
is doing wonders for me."
Paine's Celery Compound gives strength; re-
lieves the body from suffering and exhaustion*
VITALITY AND STURDY GROWTH
DEMAND NERVE ENERGY AND
PURE, RICH, NOURISHING BLOOD.
PAINE'S
SCOPE OF THE NEW
NAVAL POLICY BOARD
Will Determine .Upon Important
Movements in Peace or in
War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 16.— Secretary
Long's order creating the policy board
was published to-day and caused consider-,
able comment among officers on duty at
Washington. The officers who will be
members cf the board under the provi
sions of the order will be: Admiral Dewey;
Rear Admiral A. S. Crowninshield, Cap
tain. C. D. Slgsbee Captam C'H.'StocK
ton, Captain Asa Walker and Lieutenant
Commander C. H. Peters. Captain Henry
Taylor and Captain Henry Chadwick wlil
be designated for membership on the
board, and possibly Rear Admiral A S.
Barker, though the impression to-day was
that an cliictr of lower rank would be se
lected. Rear Admiral Sampson will not
be a. mombei of the beard according to
the present intention of the department.
The formation of the board meet.a with
the nppto* a> of Admiral Dewey, who was
willing to periorm any duty which did not
greatly inttriere with his movements. Of
f.ci&ls cf tht. Navy Department do no',
hesitate to say that the result of the
formation o/'the board will be that it will
relieve some of the bureaus of at ltast
part *cl thor duties, though the order an
nounces -var measures to be the object of
its creation. It will determine upon the
character ol maneuvers in which squad
rons will- engage, prepare plans of . of
fense and offense, determine upon point*
at v/hJch ships shall be stationed in. time
of war, and advise the Secretary v to the
shipping policy to be followed.
LARGE INCREASE OF
NATIONAL BANKS
Many Small Concerns to Take Ad
vantage of the Newly Adopted
Currency Bill.
"WASHINGTON, March 16.— The officials
of the treasury are overrun with work as
a result of the passage of the new finan
cial bill, which involves the funding of
the other long-term bonds into new gold
bonds bearing 2 per cent interest. The
applications for the exchange of old bonds
for the new, up to the time of closing the
department to-day, amounted to about
$27,000,000, all but about $3,000,000 having
come from banks.
The clerical force in the office of the
Comptroller of the . Currency Is busy ¦ ex
amining applications for authority to es
tablish national banks under the new
law. Very many of these come from small
towns, which hitherto were debarred from
national bank privileges because of the
national bank act. About 200 of these ap
plications have been received and to-day
favorable action was taken on a number
of them. A considerable number of State
banks have applied for authority to con
vert themselves Into national banks.
¦r m *
Arraignment of a Gambler.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, March 11— The defendant
Davis, arrested for pool-selling In Wash
ington, will be - arraigned next Monday.
His attorneys, R. Clark of this city and
Grove) L, Johnson, will file a demurrer.
If that is overruled the trial will take
place on Saturday, March 24.
- . . ¦¦¦¦¦- . 9 - .
McChristyal Confesses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, March 16.— Jack
McChristyal confessed to a fellow prisoner
that he' murdered John E. Robson, one of
the oldest and most honored residents of
this city, on December 29 last. The mo
tive was robbery. ;.: i->. i* ;.:'-
in the city of New York on March 15. 1900,
the sum of $17,000,000, this amount being an
extra dividend in addition to the regular quar
terly dividend ! of $3,000,000; and, whereas, it
is a matter of public record that this last divi
dend is $5,000,000 in excess of the last quarterly
dividend paid by this corporation; and. where
as, It is also a matter of public record that
the price of kerosene, the sole method of light
ing used by the middle and poorer classes of
people, during the period of time of declara
tion of these dividends, was Increased 3 cents
per gallon, constituting a tax on every home
in the land; therefore, be it
Resolved, That In the opinion of Conßress
this action of the Standard Oil Company Is in
direct violation of the provisions of the Sher
man antl-tnißt law, and, therefore, punishable
by fine and Imprisonment, and the Attorney
General Is hereby directed, In accordance with
the provisions of that act, to direct the several
District Attorneys of the United States, In
their respective districts, to Institute proper
proceedings to bring the above named violators
of law to Justice.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Senator Bard Introduces a Bill Af-
fecting Naval Employes.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
WASHINGTON, March 16.— Senator
Perkins to-day introduced a bill permit- ;
ting owners of lands within Government
forest reserves to sell or exchange such
property for other lands outside the limits
of the reserves.
Senator Bard introduced a bill placing
the per diem of employes of the navy
yards outside the District of Columbia on
the same plane with permanent employes
as to annual and sick leave of absence.
A similar bill by Senator Penrose Is al
ready before the Senate Committee on
Naval Affairs, and a like measure is
being considered by the House Naval
Committee.
A postofflce was to-day established at
Nicasio, Marln County, Cal.; also one at
lonia, Yavapai County, Ariz.
Pensions for Californians: Original —
John R. Glassford, San Francisco, $12.
AQdijtinal— Lewis B. Grainer, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $6 to $10. Increase —
Daniel Giblen, San Francisco, $6 to $8.
Oregon: Restoration—William. Piper,
Santiam, $8.
Washington: Increase— John E. Rob
erts, Vesta, $6 to $8; Louis Vinson, Parao
waka, $6 to $S. •¦..-.-.
The Comptroller of the Currency has
appointed A. J. Johnson of Scio, Or., Na
tional Bank Examiner for Oregon, vice
J. S. Eldredge, resigned.
MONEY FOR MILITIA.
House Committee Decides Upon an
Increased Appropriation.
WASHINGTON, March 16.— The House
Committee on Military Affairs to-day or
dered a favorable* report on the bill of
Marsh of Illinois increasing the appro
priation for the National Guard and mili
tary of the country from $400,000 to $"2,000,
000. The bill has attracted widespread at
tention in military circles, a committee
representing the organizations of all the
States having been here recently to carry
forward the movement begun at their na
tional convention.
House Considers Private Bills.
WASHINGTON, March 16.— This was
the first private bill day In the House un
der the new rule. About -two hours were
spent in the discussion of a bill to pay
Representative Swanson $1769 for extra
expenses incurred by him in his contest
In the last Congress, but the bill was ul
timately abandoned. Six bills of minor
importance were passed. . c"'
—Minneapolis Tribune.
FREDERICK BURTON,
THE ARTIST, DEAD
Was a Director of the National Gal-
lery and Beceived the Honor
of Knighthood.
LONDON*. March 16.— Sir Frederick Wil
liam Burton, former director of the Na
tional Gallery, is dead.
The late Sir William Burton was born
la Ireland in ISI6. and received his edu
cation at Dublin. He was elected asso
ciate of the Royal Hibernian Academy
cf Arts in 1537 and R. H. Academician
in 1S31«. In ISI2 he exhibited at the Royal
Academy in London a large composition,
"The Connaught Toilet," which was af
terward destroyed by fire at the Pantech
nicon, where it had been temporarily de
posited by its owner. From 1*32 to IS3I
his time was occupied in portrait paint
ing. About IS4O he was elected member
cf the Royal Irish Academy of Science.
Antiquities and Belles Lettres, and for
many years sat in the Council of Antiqui
ties. In 1555 he became associate and in
the following year full member of the
(now Royal) Society of Painting in Water
Colors, and continued to exhibit at its
annual exhibitions until IS7O, when he re
tired from the society. In ISB6 he was
elected an honorary member. He exhib
ited also on various occasions at the
Royal Academy and the Debley Gallery.
In 1K74 Mr. Burton succeeded Sir Wil
liam Box.il! in the directorship of the
National Gallery, from which post he re
tired in March. IS*4. Since 1863 he had
been a fellow of the Society of Antiqui
ties. In ISS4 he received the honor of
knighthood and in IK>9 the honorary de
gree of LL.D. of Dublin.
SERMONS BY 'PHONE
IN AN OHIO TOWN
Pastor Barbour Will Permit His
Flock to Listen at Home "While-
He Preaches.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, March 16.— Rev. 11.
H. Barbour, pastor of the First Baptist
Church of this city, proposes to dispense
his sermons by telephone to those who are
unable to attend services at the church.
The church has been wired by the Citi
zens' Telephone Company, and as soon as
their lines are in operation Dr. Barbour
will cause a big transmitter to be hung
on the front of the gallery, which will
puppiy as many private lines as are con
nected with it. Dr. Barbour explained
that in this way the members of the
church may stay at home and hear all
the service, including singing, prayers and
the sermon.
Death of T. A. Gallup.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND. March 16.— T. A. Gallup,
an old and well-known resident of Wood
land, died of rheumatism of the heart at
3 o'clock this afternoon.
REV. MR. SHELDON (to the "devil")— Well, I guess you can stay.
| THE "DEVIL"— Yep, I thought you'd change yourmind.
AFTER A FIERCE STRUGGLE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH ,17, 1900.
«A^P£""V|m remedy tot Conorrnflßs?
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
JNf OssnßtMi charges, or any Inflamm*
l*l."*.?».'y?!?g;. »?°.iirrluUo a or nicer*.
¦*Jj™""" •wuagisa, lion of m noons meisj.
TTaVHEEy<MBCHEMin>I Co. br>t "*- Noo-aatriDgent.
VtA nutamuTLn .— M* »r OnnMi,
V. T. A. •*»* in Pl*ln wTappat
CONVERTED TO
THE VIEWS OF
MR. SHELDON
Topeka Capital's Owners May
Change the Policy of
the Paper.
Likely to Continue to Conduct It as a
Christian Daily After the
Retirement of the
Clergyman.
>
TOPEKA. Kans.. March 16.— As a result
©f the Rev. Charles M. Sheldon's experi
ment this week in conducting the Topeka
Capital as a Christian newspaper there Is
almost certain to be a marked change In
the permanent policy and style of the
publication. F. O. Poponoe, principal
owner of the paper, said to-day:
"When we turned the Capital over to
Mr. Sheldon we fully expected to restore
it to the old form, line for line and letter
for letter, but after considering the mat
ter during the week we have decided that
pome changes can be made which will be
advantageous. The changes to be made
will be definitely decided upon at a meet
ing of the owners to be held on ilonday
and the new policy will be announced in
the paper Tuesday morning.*
It is paid that the underlying principles
of Mr. Sheldon's plan will be carried out.
but that his personal opinions will not
necessarily be followed. The paper will
remain Republican in politics, but in other
rtspects it is not likely to depart radically
from the Sheldon platform.
Mr. Sheldon's leading editorial to-mor
row morning will be an invitation to the
readers of the paper to express their
views regarding its future conduct. Tho
replies received will to some' extent de
termine the changes to be made.
It is understood that Mr. Sheldon wiil
be associated with the paper in a friendly
way, but will have no active part in its
management.
The Rev. Stewart Sheldon, father of the
editor, will contribute an article to the
paper to-morrow advocating the abolition
of public funeral services. His distin
guished son will append an editorial note
indorsing the idea.
mm chichcster's knousm
Pennyroyal pills
¦ *-^»^V Original aa4 Only Oenaiae.
W-*~y%y'SfiATE. Al».j.relUVe. Ladle ut Dnwrf*
AAPSBI tor CHItiHESTEK'S ENGLISH
¦VS£^«mK^ in KEO mod Void mitalllo box M m*:t\
Ta S?l?9i ittWMrlbbo ,!- TJT J^ k *'!* # ' lle * *•*•*•
I?! ** *ij l>M«j»ro«» «»b»tit«U»a» aa4 laaltsj.
I / (Jf Unna. Buy of yoor DragglM. or and ¦»«. la
\<o» E> ud'*Rell«rr n rL«dlca."mlm7."y?£
-\ v 1/ t»r»M«JI. IO.OOOT-.tnßooimii. Sol/Jr
-T anDncftM*. Caleaeatar Chraileai CmL
Itanea this paper. Madlaa* Murt, PIULaT VjH
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAR.NT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RK-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD *
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to il SO day;
|fi to IS week; $8 to CO month. Fr** batha: hot
and cold water every room; fir* crates la «nr|
room; eltvator runs all night.
|«*. I
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy ; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
Wuktr Cal $1.00 w M
¦ - ¦
2PRESERVATION OF
BIG TREE GROVES
Recommendation Made by the Com-
missioner of the General
Land Office! T-ir'-t
WASHINGTON, March 16.— The .: Com
missioner of the General Land Office. has
recommended to the Secretary of the In
terior that the mammoth tree grove and
the South Park grove of big trees in Cal
averas and Tuolumne counties be set aside
as Government domain, to preserve' these
trees ' from ' injury and destruction. He
expresses the opinion that . the . case ap
pears to be one In' which 'the Government
doubtless would be justified in having re
course to the exercise of its right of emi
nent domain. ¦¦,-... .v.^;.:.
Slow Work at San Pedro.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 16.-Captaln J. J.
Meyler. In charge of the Government work
at San Pedro, has sent his report for the
work done by Contractor Heldmaivr dur
ing Feoruary to the Secretary of War at
Washington. -Upon this report hinges the
future of Heldmaier's work.' A former
failure to : comply • with *- the Government
specifications resulted In a warning- to
Heldmaler, ; and the month .of February
was taken as a standard to guide 'future
operations. Only one-half of the '* work
expected in dumping rock, was performed.
The • contractor's - failure to perform : the
work expected I may | result |in the rdepart
ment taking radical >. steps. v .The • nullifica
tion of the contract would result In a few
months' delay. - : ¦- y •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
,'T'r'Ar7'/f? l T l ff^^f»'r»"»"rrrrr7'7 i rr7"rr7"rr7'r7 i rr7 i rrr»'rrrT'7"7" 1
iEVIDENCE
Letters to firs. Pinkham from Women.
Female Weakness 15 Years
" Deab Mbs. Petkham :— For fifteen years I suffered .
with every form of female weakness and had almost
given up hope of ever being well again when a friend
insisted that I try Lydia E. Pinkham's ; medicine. I
took four bottles of the Vegetable Compound and still
I was sick and giving up again when the same friend
prevailed upon me to try another bottle. I did so and
began to get better right away, and now I never have
any of my old pains and consider myself cured. I think
your remedies the best in the world for curing the
troubles of women, and feel very thankful that I ever
found such remedies. If any suffering woman wishes
to write to me privately, I will be pleased to tell her
about the benefits I derived from the use of your medi-
eirie."— Mbs. E. F. Marshall, 312 Montcalm St., San
Francisco, Cal. j ¦*•'/
Conor al Weakness of System
•• Deab Mbs. Petkham : — I write to thank you for the
good Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Componnd and
Blood Purifier have done me. I felt tired and all worn
out, suffered with severe pains in my back and limbs,
Since taking your remedies that tired feeling is gone,
and lam very much better and able to work. I would
advise all suffering women to write to you for I feel
sure they will find help. I wish you much success." —
Mbs.' Mabt H. Lotb, Hillsboro, Va.
; Mrs. Pinkham's advice is given free to all
suffering women. Her. address is Lynn, Mass.
\ Throbbing Pain in the Back
.: "Dkab Mbs. Petkham :— About two years ago I was
taken suddenly with a terrible bearing down feeling,
low down across me and such a throbbing pain in my
back, that at times it would seem that I could endure
it no longer. I had heard Lydia E. Pinkham'B Vege-
table . Compound < spoken of very highly arid I com-
menced taking it at once. After a short time, I was
feeling very much better, but continued its use until I
had taken six bottles and was completely cured. n —
Mbs. S. ; E. Wade; Fremont, Mich.
Backache and Bearing Down
>i>f ¦' v ¦_ [\ " Dii^B Mb«. Peikham :— When I first wrote to yon
£ • for advice I was in a very bad condition with falling of the womb, back-.
t ache and bearing down. .Could not starM five 'minutes. I followed your
f '*¦ advice strictly and have used seven bottl*; of Vegetable Compound,' two
V of Blood Purifier and four packages of Sanative Wash* and am now per-
:- fectly well."— MbB.'Hexbt Galteau, 1825 Charles St., LaCrosse, Wis.' . ..
• These grateful letters from women prove conclusively that
v s woman's safe' refusre when sick is
LYDIA E. PINKHAM'S VEGETABLE COMPOUND
THOMAS AND
DEVERY BEFORE
GRAND JURY
Belief That the New York
Police -Captain Will Be ;
Indicted.
Inspector Thompson May Also Be
Held, as He Is Liable for Any
Violations of the Law in
His Precinct. •
?
NEW YORK, March 16.— The Times to
morrow will publish the following : The
Grand Jury ; had before it yesterday (Fri
day) as witnesses Captain Thomas of the
tenderloin precinct, and .'Chief Devery,
and there was a i persistent rumor that
the former would be indicted by 'the
Grand Jury before it had finished its in
vestigation concerning ; matters that •; had
transpired in the ' precinct. Captain
Thomas was a "witness at hi 3 own request.
He was warned that any admissions made
by him would be used against him In case
the Grand • Jury came ; to. the conclusion
that an indictment for neglect to perform
his duty was warranted. Nevertheless, Cap
tain Thomas was examined,* and after, he
left the Grand Jury room Chief I Devery,
who had for. some time been in consulta
tion with ' the District . Attorney, was
called In. . ; V : " " .
The request of the Grand Jury, that the
District Attorney furnish it with a copy of
the charge made by Justice Barrett to the
Grand Jury on December 28, 1893,' was con
sidered significant from the fact tha,t In
spector Thompson, in. whose district Cap
tain Thomas' precinct Is located, was also
a witness before the Grand Jury. ¦; '.-.-.
The charge of Justice Barrett held that
in - any precinct > where < the , law was vio
lated ' the i inspector of the ->, district was
equally liable .with ', the | captain, and that
the fact that his territQry. was larger did
not relieve the , inspector of liability. '•• ; v-
The - World to-morrow > wll 1 . : say : <As s a
result ' of • their. ¦; deliberations ; there were
drawn up' in the District Attorney's office
and ¦ delivered Ito Foreman | Putnam of | the
Grand Jury ¦ three ''-. separate | indictments
against a police official in high authority.
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
WILL BE INDICTED
-'NEW YORK, -March 17.-rThe Press
says: * The / four , . Police ¦ Commissioners
of the city of New York— Bernard j. .York,
John B. Sexton; Henry E.'Abell and Jacob
Hess— are .to ¦:: be '<¦ Indicted - Bye the , Grand
Jury I for <what I the I statute . defines ' as an
offense •¦ against ¦ public * Ju3tice. ; The < : in
dictment v may ¦be . handed .*¦. In t. on .' Mon
day. If v- It * is . not i the •= probabilities •= are
that -It will : not be delayed ¦ longer *. than
.Wednesday. %;, ¦ -.- ; , ¦--:;<-.¦ / /••.:;¦ ¦- ;.,? - .-.•
Continued From First Page.
PUTS AN END TO ALL "FRIENDLY GOOD OFFICES."
LONDON, March 16.— The Outlook, commenting on Lord Salisbury's reply to
the Unfted States' offer of mediation, says: "Like M. Delcasse, President Mc-
Kinley must himself see that this puts an end to all talk of 'friendly good.of
fices' on the part of any outside power. But President J McKinley, unlike the
French Premier, is face to face with that most awkward factor, his November
Presidential election, and we know what even the best of Presidents can be led to
do at such times. Let us be thankful we have a Pauncefote, not a Sackville-
West, at Washington, for we shall need all our tact and firmness there for the
next few months." ¦
?
GERMAN PAPER SAYS THE THREAT IS REASONABLE.
BERLIN, March 16.— Referring to the Boer threat to raze Johannesburg and
to destroy the gold mines the Kreuz Zeitung remarks: "Such a threat Is rea
sonable because England's financiers are already crying with anxiety for gold
shares and quotations, and secondly, because the Boers would thereby smash
the idol. which enticed numberless vagabonds, questionable riffraff and gold Job
bers to immigrate there and now demand the bloody offerings which Britons will- s
lngly lay upon the altar." ' .
RHODES ON DISLOYALTY AND DISAFFECTION.
CAPE TOWN, March 15.— 1n an Interview published in the Cape Argus, Cecil
Rhodes is quoted as saying: .
"I feel strongly that we cannot have peace in South Africa so long as we have
In the republics a rallying ground for disloyalty and disaffection. To go further,
I do not think we can safely federate till we have had some years of crown colony
government. Personally I have done with the Bund."
KRUGER ANNEXES THE ORANGE FREE STATE.
BETHULIE,»March 15.— General Gatacre, on arriving here, found that air the
Boers had fled. The town was nearly deserted, the Dutch having trekked on
hearingof the occupation of Bloemfontein. It is believed the Boers retired in
the direction of Dewetsdorp. The t telegraph is open to Springfontein.
It Is understood that President' Kruger two days ago annexed the Orange
Free State to the South African republic. *'._'¦ '
ALLEGED ASSASSINS
OF GOEBEL JAILED
Marched Through the Streets of
Frankfort Without Any Dis
order Resulting.
FRANKFORT, Ky., iMarch 16.— Caleb
Powers, John Davis, W. H. Culton and
Harlan Whittaker,' who are held as acces
sories to the assassination of Governor
Goebel, were brought here from Louis
ville to-day in charge of Sheriff Suter and
his deputies. A special detail of police
and deputy sheriffs . met them at the
train and they were marched to the jail
through the streets, which were lined
with people. There was no disorder and
the prisoners greeted their friends pleas
antly as they went to jail.
Secretary of State Powers, Captain Da
vis, W. H. Culton and W..L. Hazllp were
arraigned later before County Judge
Moore. Hazllp was released on $10,000
bonds. Judge Moore set the examining
trials for Monday.
Governor Taylor Is said to have pre
pared a statement making a second ap
peal to President McKinley. - John W.
Yerkes of Danville and other. Republican
leaders were called in conference at the
executive mansion and the alleged paper
-was submitted to them. It Is said a com
mittee, to be headed by Mr, Yerkes, is to
be sent to Washington to lay the matter
before the President. ...¦ . . ,':':
EDITORS ENTERTAINED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, March 16.— About a
hundred .• members of the . National Edi
torial Association now, touring California
arrived here - at, 7 o'clock this morning.
They I were • met , at the Southern Pacific
depot by citizens with vehicles and driven
into town, where- they were breakfasted,
after which they, were driven through the
Kern River oirdlstrict and near by agri
cultural sections, and ; at 11 o'clock they
departed for Fresno, the next stopping
Pl Just before departing Major E. L.
Chrlstman of the Reporter, \\ ashington.
Pa., in a few remarks thanked the people
of Bakersneldvfor the great hospitality
and kindness shown. -The major was in
troduced as a Forty-niner. In the course
of his talk he said : ,' "Fifty years i ago.
when we were . mining up In the moun
tains, now and then^we were. told of the
great > possibilities iof Kern County. To
day we have seen the truth of the report"
His speech was followed by rousing cheers
for the people of Bakersfleld. Dr. T. H.
Page of the Democrat. Jersey, 111., was
rantaln of the party. - The party contains
Harge sprinkling. of ladies. It will- reach
Sar I Francisco on ! Saturday morning and
from there will go to Monterey and return
to the city and go from there to Salt Lake.
All are greatly delighted with California.
Several spoke of returning here to organ
ize an oil company and call It the N.- E. A.
Company.' Many were -considerably." ex
cited over the proposition.
Gates for Crossings.
SUISUN,, s March 16.— An "~ Inquest .was
held '. this ?; morning ; over ? the", remains of
Nellie * Carty, killed "- yesterday ,, v afternoonf ternoon
by ' the * west-bound flyer * at :-. the railroad
crossing: " between Sulsun -• and ¦> Fairneld.
The Jury returned a, verdict of accidental
death ¦"¦ and I recommended I that I the I Town
Council of ." Sulsun i take some faction to
compel the railroad:. to give • more protec
tion to } . the ,. traveling public by the erec
tion of gates at dangerous railroad cross
ings. The relatives of the deceased reside
at 33 Alta': street; San • Francisco, •" where
the remains were shipped.
Archbishop Hennessy 's Successor.
DUBUQUE," lalv-March 16.— The (council
of the': Catholic has -selected
Archbishop Keahe of Washington," Bishop
Cosgrove" of : Davenport ? and Bishop '¦ Llne
han of I Cheyenne,* Wyo.", . as | candidates , to
succeed | the late Archbishop Hennessy of
DubuquO" It Is understood that a prefer
ence exists in favor of ;Archblshop Keane,
but he is expected, to decline. the position.
If Bishop 'Cosgrove 'becomes Archbishop
Bishop ¦ Llnehan ¦ probably * will > be • trans
ferred. to . Davenport and • a ; new Bishop
sent to '¦ Cheyenne. '¦•¦¦ - •••. .
JOHN BULL— THE DAY WE CELEBRATE, AND WHY.
An Addition to Black and White's Cartoon of January 13 —"Turning a New Leaf."
THE ANNOUNCEMENT THAT THE IRISH FLAG WOULD WAVE OVER THE MANSION HOUSE IN LON
DON. AND ALSO THE QUEEN'S MESSAGE ABOUT THE SOLDIERS WEARING THE' SHAMROCK ON ST. PAT
RICK'S DAY (MARCH 17), HAVE BEEN INTERPRETED IN A WAY LITTLE EXPECTED BY HER MAJESTY
AND HER ADVISERS. FROM ALL INDICATIONS THE DAY .WILL BE CELEBRATED AS A NATIONAL FES
TIVITY. CRATES UPON CRATES OF SHAMROCK HAVE BEEN SOLD THROUGHOUT ENGLAND. • IRISH
FLAGS CAN HARDLY BE PURCHASED FOR LOVE OR MONEY, AND THE DEMAND HAS HARDLY BEEN
STARTED. IT IS QUITE SAFE TO SAY THAT TO-DAY" WILL WITNESS AN EXTRAORDINARY SIGHT IN
ENGLAND. THE WHOLE PEOPLE WILL UNITE IN HONORING THE GALLANT IRISH LEADERS AND SOL
DIERS. WHO HAVE DONE SO MUCH FOR THEIR QUEEN AND COUNTRY.
COLUMBIA'S ELEVEN
WERE PROFESSIONALS
Humiliating Confession Regarding
ths Crack Football Team of
,/' - Last Year.
NEW YORK, March 16.-Columbla's
crack . football eleven of last fall, which
defeated Yale on Manhattan field, was a
professional eleven. The humiliating con
fession is now made by the university fac
ulty and the athletic directors, and W. 2.
Mitchell, the manager of the eleven, has
been made the scapegoat. The graduate
advisory committee, after examining his
accounts, has removed him. from all par
ticipation in the university's athletics.
Mitchell has left Columbia.
Nome Shipping Rules.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C, March 16.— For
three weeks ship owners of Vancouver
and Victoria have been In correspondence
with the Treasury Department at Wash
ington, asking for the making of a sab
port of entry of Cape Nome. . A hot dis
pute has been going on between local
merchants and shipping men and those of
Seattle, the latter claiming that Cana
dian boats could not. under international
regulations, engage in Cape Nome trade,
unless they changed their registry- A tele
gram from the State Department does not
say whether Nome will be made a sub
port or not. but simply says American
goods may be shipped through Vancou
ver in bond to the new gold fields in
Alaska, and that Canadian bottoms may
be used. The Alpha sails April a.
Short in His Accounts.
ELMIRA. N. V., March 16.— Frank E.
Bundy. who for the past six years has
occupied the office of Chamberlain of this
city and for three years previously was
clerk in the Chamberlain's office, has vol
untarily confessed a shortage of over
$30,000 In his accounts. Mr. Bundy was
the Democratic candidate for Mayor and
was defeated at the election on March
6. He has not been arrested.
STEAMER ICEBOUND
IN LAKE MICHIGAN
Preparations Made to Release Her
and Food Will Be Supplied to
Passengers and Crew.
ST. JOSEPH, Mich., March 16.— The
steamer Louisville, of the Graham &
Morton line, lies icebound five miles out
in Lake Michigan, in the Chicago course,
to-night, and nothing. can be done to re
lieve- her until daybreak. The steamer
went into the ice early to-day, and the
harbor tug, after five hours' work,
reached the vessel at noon. After three
hours' battling with the ice the . vessel
was abandoned for the night for want of
coal. \ " »
At daybreak another attempt will be
made with a new supply of coal to bring
in the steamer. Provisions for the twen
ty passengers on board will also be taken
out. President Graham says that he be
lieves the vessel will weather the storm
where she is until a new supply of coal
is furnished. The wind is now blowing
sixty miles an hour and it is bitter cold.
Much anxiety, is felt here over the safety
of the vessel's crew and passengers. But
once this atternoon did the fall of snow
cease so that the vessel' and tug could be
sighted. ' _ '
Catholic Chapel Dedication.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. March 15.— Th» new
Catholic ch&pel at the Soldiers' Home will
be dedicated Sunday morning by Bishop
George Montgomery. The Bishop will be
assisted by Father P. . Howe of Santa
Monica, who is to be pastor cf the chapel,
and by Father Joseph Barron. also of
Sar.ta " Monica. Thft services . will be fol
lowed by a high mass. Father Malony of
St. Vibianas Cathedral will be the cele
brant. The sermon will be preached by
the Bishop.
Mrs. Thomas Arnold Dies.
LONDON, March 16. — Mrs. Arnold,
widow of Dr. Thomas Arnold, the famous
head master of Rugby; is dead.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AERICAN GUNBOAT
ORDERED TO TAKU
Sent to Protect Missionaries and
Not to Coerce the Empress
Dowager.
In the course of which, complaining of the "bungling of the home authorities," he said:
"General Buller's extraordinary orders to Lord Methuen were to relieve Kimberley, to take all the people away and
to fall back to Orange River. You people In England have such wonderful ideas about Buller's generalship, but such a.re
treat would have been monstrous." . . • . (
Mr. Rhodes declared that there had only been 30,000 Boers in the field altogether and that the foreign mercenaries
were only about 15.0 W. The numbers of the Boers, he said, had been exaggerated In order to explain the British reverses.
ROBERTS WILL SOON BEGIN
THE ADVANCE ON PRETORIA
society which Is endeavoring to drive for
eigners out of China. These "Boxers"
have been actively operating since last
fall. Protest after protest has been filed
by foreign ministers at Peking against
the supineness of the Chinese Government
in permitting them to continue their as
saults upon foreign missionaries and their
converts and property. These protests
have been unavailing. - It would not be
surprising if all of the nations having
missionaries in China should deem it ad
visable to send men-of-war to Impress
upon the Chinese Government the neces
sity of protecting foreigners. :
SUGGESTS THAT GREAT
BRITAIN REMONSTRATE
LONDON. March 17.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Times says: "Concur
rently with the representations of. the
American Association to Washington
against the anti-foreign policy of the Em
press Dowager, the China Association has
suggested to the British Minister. Sir
Claude Macdonald. that a remonstrance
against the action of the Chinese Govern
ment would be consistent with her policy.
' The present action of the diplomatic body ¦
in Peking appears to indicate acquiescence
in the reactionary policy of the Empress
Dowager."
» BERLIN. March 16.— Referring to the
attacks -on American missionaries in
China and to the orders Issued by the
United States to Admiral Watson to send
a warship to Taku to look after the inter
est of the missionaries, a. high . official of
the German Foreign Office said this even
ing: "Germany does not claim authority
over the entire Shantung peninsula and
the United States Government has a per
fect right to send a ship there for the pro
tection of American citizens."
* CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. March 16.
—Ostensibly on account of the disturbed
conditions prevailing in the province of
Shantung.:- Secretary Long sent an in
struction -. to Rear Admiral Watson this
afternoon directing him to order a^vessel
of hU command to Taku, to give protec
tion to Americans, especially to American
missionaries. Administration officials say
that the order has no reference to infor
mation received from the American Asso
ciation of Shanghai as to the hostile atti
tude of the Empress Dowager to the
"open door" policy." They point out that
If a' naval demonstration were intended a
squadron would be ordered to Taku in
stead of; one ship. They pooh-pooh the
idea that. the Empress Dowager has been
influenced by a foreign nation, presum
ably-Russia, to take the attitude stated
by the association.
Seer* tary Hay has in his possession iiiial
rt-piies of all Governments of Europe to
his "open door" representations, and the
President has under consideration the
question of whether or not to transmit
them to Congress in a special message.
Consequently a hostile attitude . on the
part of the Empress Dowager on the
"open door" question could not be dis
played toward the United States alone,
but it necessarily would have to be ex
tended to all other nations parties to the
agreement.
At the Chinese. Legation no credence Is
placed In the report about such hostility.
The Chinese Minister has long been* out
spoken in favor of negotiations.
The trouble In the province of Shan
tung, according to reports received from
Minister Conger which have been trans
mitted to the Navy Department and ca
bled to Admiral \Vatson. arises out of op
erations ot the "Boxers," a secret Chinese
SEVERE STORM
SWEEPS OVER
ENTIRE EAST
Frost and Snow Wreak
Havoc in North and ;
. South. Rgl!
Traffic Demoralized In and Around
New York and Fruit '^Crops
Ruined in Many South
" crn States. ,4 r
CHATTANOOGA, March 16.— The worst
feared by fruit-growers of Eastern Ten
nessee and North Georgia was realized in
the cold wave of last night. Reports this
morning show that the mercury, dropped
to 24, and everything is frozen over this
entire section. Fruit-growers will - lose
heavily. Johnson City reports-nine Inches
of snow, which by its weight has damaged
large tracts of timber. •
NEW YORK, March 16.— Nine incnes o£
sleet and snow cover the streets of New
York to-day, and 4000 men are . batMing
wfth it in Manhattan. Three thousand
more are at work in Brooklyn. Traffic has
been partially paralyzed In some sections
of the city since early this morning. Dur
ing the early hours the Brooklyn bridge
traffic was practically blocked. The .steel
on the third. rail supplying electric power
to the bridge cars cut off the current, and
a general Blockade was the result.- Ths
trolley lines over the bridge _ were not
much better, and thousanas: of persons
were forced to walk across in the face of
a cutting wind and sleet. Surface trafflg
was. of course," everywhere delayed. The
Fifth' avenue : elevated road . (which uses
the third rail electric system) In Brooklyn
was almost completely tied up after mid
night. In the crowded streets down town
fallen horses and stalled drays and 'trucks
greatly impeded business, causing many
blockades. In the outlying' districts Flmi
lar conditions prevailed. The fall of snow
in New Jersey was heavier: than In the
city. Mail trains were; delayed by the
storm and the mails were several :oours
behind in their delivery. On many of the
suburban lines in New Jersey the trolley
wires broke under the weight of their
coating of sleet and ice, tying up several
lines completely. 'A number of horses
were killed by contact with live wires. No
fatalities from the cold are reported in
the city. The ttatlon-houses and chari
table institutions were crowded with
the homeless.
SHAMOKIN, Pa,. March 16.— Snow be
gan falling here yesterday morning, and
when the storm i ceased at 4 o'clock this
morning the ground was: covered to a
depth of seventeen inches. This place is
completely snowbound. Over 6000 men and
boys residing between here and Mount
Carmel and. employed at the collieries are
idle owing to the blockade. "In a number
of mountain passes traversed by trains
snow drifted from five to fifteen feet.
ATLANTA, Ga., March 16.— Freezing
temperature was reported to-day as far
south as a line running east and west
through the center of the cotton belt.
Fruit men say the trees cannot stand a
continuation of cold. The recent warm
weather had advanced the trees rapidly.
NEW ORLEANS, March 16.— The
weather In this city and throughout
Louisiana continues cold and the local
bureau send out a prediction of frost for
to-night. Snow fell and ice formed gener
ally last night, not . only In Northern
Louisiana, but In the southern section as
well. Some damage to fruits and vegeta
bles Is reported. Here the temperature
went down to 39 at 6 a. m. The maxi
mum yesterday was 66.
HOUSTON. Texas, March 16.— Reports
from different sections of the State show
much damage to the fruit crop from the
frost which followed the snow of yester
day. Berries ' in the coast counties are
not damaged materially, but the crop will
be late. •*• ¦•• - ¦ ¦ *-
• DALLAS, Texas, ¦ March 16.— The heav
iest snowstorm in many years set in to
day and Is now falling over Northern
Texas, Oklahoma and Indian Territory.
Many places report six inches of snow and
much suffering to livestock is expected
owing to the lateness of the season.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 17, 1900.
HYPNOTIZED
AND COMPELLED
TO DO WRONG
Remarkable Story Told by
Mrs. Lawe on the Wit
ness-Stand.
»
Says Frank Dinsmore, Who Is Ac
cused of Two Murders, Had Her
in His Power for Many
Months.
— ¦ ?
Spec!«J Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA. March 16.— A jury at Lexing
ton to-day is trying to decide whether
Frank L. Dinsmore poisoned his young
wife and shot Fred Lawe. husband of the
•woman he had wronged, or by the exer
cise of hypnotic power over' the woman
compelled her to carry out his will to kill
the only two persons who stood in the
way of the fullest enjoyment of their illi
cit love. The double, murder was com
mitted at Odessa. December 4 last, in the
house in which both families resided when
the victims were asleep.
According to the written confession of
Mrs. Lawe. the deed was premeditated as
far back as September, when Dinsmore
first mentioned it to Mrs. Lawe, snapping
his fingers in her face and threatening to
kill her if she ever attempted to betray
him. Again it was mentioned in October
and for the last time . upon the evening
of the night of the commission of the
crime. Mrs. Lawe told the jury and
fwore in her written confession that in
Dinsmore's presence she felt herself utter
ly powerless to resist him. but in spite of
herself his wish was her wish and nothing
he said was right appeared wrong to her
benumbed conscience. When she hesitated
to assent to the perpetration of the deed
he would charm her into complete subjec
tion, even though the life of her husband
was at stake.
Out of his presence she was dissuaded
from telling her husband of the plot, she
said, through fear that Dinsmore would
kill her if ehe did. The woman of course
felt guilty of maintaining improper rela
tions with Dinsmore for months prior to
the first hint of the crime made by Dins
more in September, such relations begin
ning early in the year, and ceased only
three weeks, when Dinsmore married Miss
Lillian Bloomfield of Chicago In June.
Mrs. Lawe wrote in her confession that
from first to last, during the greater part
of a year, she was utterly powerless to re-
Fist Dinsmore's advances and caresses
and disgusted both court and Jury by a
detailed account of their illicit relations.
At the trial this week there was no testi
mony adduced to disprove her statements,
nor did the lawyers for the defense dare
to put Dinsmore on the stand in an effort
to break down the woman's remarkable
testimony, which was challenged only
through a scathing cross-examination.
Mrs. Lawe took the witness-stand heav
ily veiled and wore large blue goggles in
order that she might tell the horrible
Ftory of Dinsmore's guilt without quaking
under the withering gaze which he fast
ened upon her with the intensity of a
powerful mind and physique. Her count
enance was utterly obscured from Judge
and jury, which would not have been per
mitted in any court of justice unless some
credence had been placed in her story of
t'insmore'p hypnotic power. The Jury re
tired this evening. The intense interest in
the case is unabated.
ALLEGED ATTEMPT
TO KILL DINSMORE
Filial Dlrratch to The Call.
LEXINGTON, .Nebr.. March 16.— A sen
sation was furnished this evening In con
nection with the Vlnsvnore trial over what
is alleged t o have been an attempt to kill
the prisoner, and as a result Sheriff Hays
arrested B. F. Tussong and locked him up
in the County Jail, lussong is a member
of the Buffalo County Board of Supervi
sors and a witness for the prosecution.
To-day he visited the County Clerk and
a^ked what precautions had been taken
to guard the life of Dinsmore. He left
the Courthouse making threats, it is
claimed, and passed to the entrance of the
jail, where Dinsmore is brought back and
forth. Here he was seen to draw a re
volver and load it. He remained in the
jail corridor until the Sheriff was tele
phoned for. who requested that he give up
his weapon and leave. Tussong refused
and forcibly resisted the Sheriff and two
deputies before he was overpowered. He
•was disarmed and put in a cell. Friends
Of Lave. whom Dlnsmore is charged with
killing, declare he will never leave the
town alive.
ONE MAN KILLED AND
TWO FATALLY BURNED
Fall of a "Hang" Causes Disaster in
the Monongahela Furnace
at McKeesport.
PITTSBURG, March 16.— 8y the fall of
c "hang" at the Monongahela furnace at
McKeesport to-day one man was cre
mated, two fatally burned and two others
badly injured.
George Martin is the cremated man.
George Curvan and Sydney Jackson were
bo badly burned that their recovery is
Impossible. Stephen Stobowski and John
liorcneck were badly burned, but will re
cover.
Explosions of this character are fre
quent in this section, but the absolute
disappearance of Martin lends an air 'of
mystery to the affair. Three hundred tons
of molten ore, coke and minerals used in
the production of pig iron became fast in
the furnace and Martin and Curvan. as
top fillers, tried to dislodge it. Suddenly
the entire mass fell, compressing the gas
l>«?lcw and causing a terrllic explosion.
Not a trace of Martin's body can be
four.d. Curvan when discovered was in a
horrible shape and can hardly live until
morning. The other men, who were at the
bottom of the furnao?. fared some better.
but Jackson is so badly burned. that his
recovery is next to impossible.
ASK FOR TROOPS TO
SUPPRESS REGULATORS
Citizens of South Carolina Town Ap
peal to the Governor for
Protection.
ATLANTA, Ga., March 16.— A special to
the Constitution from Columbia, S. C.
uya: The station agent and other citl-
Zf iis of Neeces, Orangeburg County, tele
graphed the Governor at midnight, beg
ging for troops to protect them from
white regulators, who had twice visited
ihe town, beat the people, white and
black, and promised to return to-morrow
and kill them. Work on the surrounding
farms has been stopped and people are
driven from their busings. The Governor
t< I'-sraphed the Sheriff to ride across the
country with a posse and give protection
until troops could be sent to-morrow, if
noedod. The cause of the lawlessness is
unknown.
O Next Sunday's Call will
¦4- be the only paper to present
O a personal chat ¦with General
? "Fighting Joe" Wheeler and
5 Bliss Annie Early Wheeler,
q his daughter. In his article
± the general and Miss Wheeler
+ discuss the events of the past
© and their plans for the -future.
q In connection with this con-
-*¦ versation they have pennit-
® ted our special camera artist
q to take photographs showing
? the Wheelers as they really
5 are at home and not in the
O usual stereotyped pose of con-
q ventional photography.
J+OtO+©+O*O+ O -fOOXHOiO
$m
DUBLIN TO DECORATE
IN VICTORIA'S HONOR
Poorly Attended Mass Meeting Pro
tests Against the Invitation . to
: the Queen. ¦
DUBLIN, March 16.— At a meeting to
day, the Lord Mayor presiding, a com
mittee was appointed to fittingly receive
the Queen, and £1400 was subscribed for
decorations.
A. mass-meeting was .summoned this
evening to denounce the act of the.cor
poration inviting an address to the Queen,
but it was almost a fiasco. Only a few
hundred were present at ¦ the stipulated
time and the gathering never amounted
to more than 3000. The majority were at
tracted out of sheer curiosity rather than
out of sympathy. John Daly, Mayor of
Limerick, addressed the meeting and sec
onded a resolution, • which was adopted,
protesting against the corporation's deci
sion. After, tne meeting broke up about
600 persons marched ' past the* mansion,*
hooting, but there was no disorder.
. Paid the Taxes. ...
Special Dlepatch to The Call. '¦'•• ?
•-• BAKERSFIELD, March 16.— Division
Superintendent Schlndler of the Santa Fe,
recently arrested for removing cars ' from
here which had been attached by County
Assessor Jameson for taxes, appeared be-
fore Justice Millard to-day and demurred
to the complaint. Subsequently his at-
torney visited the Assessor, and pungled
up the taxes under protest.
3FENCE ADVERTISING ORDERS.
Supervisors' •¦; Judiciary Committee
Submits Them to City Attorney.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
yesterday took -up the consideration of
the three ordinances .prohibiting adver
tising ',in public ,' places, the erection of
fences 'over ten feet, in: height and legis
lating against the, grotesque vand un
sightly signs which infest the city streets
After discussing the subject in . all Its
phases the committee decided to refer the
ordinances to the City -Attorney.' T. T.
Williams, who represents fifty-two pub
lishers, addressed the committee in be
half of the ordinances. A. Dijeau of the
Labor Union requested . that an' amend
ment In favor of allowing labor unions to
advertise meetings "-on wagons ¦* and in
other ways be adopted, and the City At
torney will determine whether this
amendment and that allowing, benevolent
and charitable' associations to. so adver
tise may. be' incorporated in the .ordi
nances. ¦¦•, \ _ - . -. .
Send Name and Address To-day— You Can
Havelt Free and Be Strong and
¦ V Ig UI UUb IUI JLllu.
ADVEBTISEIttENTS.
turn, a 11 to 5 choice, disposed of Esper
ando at the wire by half a length. Max
£llo ran third.
The Shulte stable's Florabird ruled fa
vorite over the other six starters in the
mile selling run. The colt led into the
stretch, but in a hard drive lost the ver
dict to Limerick by a head. Decoy was
third.
Fresh from retirement. La Goleta played
with her company in the mile purse run.
Held at prohibitive odds she reached the
wire etx lengths ahead of Rey Hooker,
with Ledger, a 100 to 1 chance, third.
Corrigan's Daisy F enjoyed a Cakewalk
In the mile and a sixteenth run. Scotch
Plaid was downed for place honors by
Tappan.
To-Bay's Entries.
First race—Four furlongs; two-year-olds; cell-
InR.
?29 Spindle 106 922 Too Hot 101.
K2 Ada Fox 99 (S94)Bernota 10S
SS2 Intrepido 102 916 Kinßßtelle 101
... Geo. Dewey ICB 529 Moonbright 10«
(922)Floranthe 108 522 Chaste 99
929 Billy Lyons 102! 911 Laura Marie.....106
S3R Ravelin* 1021 934 Andrattus 106
K99 Countess Clara..loll 934 Faenia 99
922 Screenwell Lake 931
Second race^ —One mile and a quarter; hurdle
handicap.
590 Fl Fi 125| S4l University 128
919 Mercutio 130' 841 Silverado 130
445 L'd Chesterfield. 140 • 935 Durward 142
Bft3 Reno ...143! 908 Duke of Y0rk...145
Ml Lomo 1481 803 Granger 143
(841)Monita 152! 831 Rapldo 130
Third race —Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse.
SS6 St. Anthony 1071 921 Sardine 107
914 Vesuvlan 1121
Fourth race —One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; handicap.
(936) The Fretter 109; 930 Advance Guard.lo6
836 Ventoro 106 <945)Dalsy F 103
946 Cormorant 105; 933 The Lady 90
939 Constellator Ml 930 Potente 121
Fifth race —One mile and a half; three-year
olds and uavrard; selling.
875 Tom Calvert....loSi 927 TJlm 103
926 Chimura lO3i 877 Forte 110
926 Twinkler .......108!
Sixth race—One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
942 Raclvan 1001(940) Sister Alice 102
917 Tekla 94 1 (939) SocIalist 109
930 Red Pirate 103|(93S)FIamero 10S
938 Perseus 104] (7Sl)Cata»trophe ....110
946 Captive 1O7!(927)E1 Mldo 109
458 Lodestar 104! 932 Mamie G 102
8M Bishop Read 107! 920 Espionage 108
834 White Fern 103: 926 Weiler 103
Selections for To-Day.
First race—lntrepido, Bernota, Kingstelle.
Second race—Monlta, Grander, Duke of York.
Third race —Sardine, Vesuvlan.
Fourth race—The Fretter, Daisy F, The Lady.
Fifth race—Twinkler, Chimura, Forte.
Sixth race—Catastrophe, El Mldo, Socialist.
SCHORR'S COLT
FIRST CHOICE
FOR THE DERBY
F. W. Brode the Most Likely
of the Candidates at New
Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, March 16.— The most
important event of the Southern racing
season, the Crescent City Derby, at a mile
and an eighth and valued at $4000, will be
decided to-morrow. The starters, weights
and jockeys as announced to-night are: ~
Knight Banneret 115 ..'. '.Wingfleld
' The C0nquer0r........ 115 .". Boland
Sidney Lucas 115 Clawson
Prince of Veronia 115 McJoynt
SirFitzhueh 115 Mitchell
LampliEhted 115 Knapp
F W. Brode 122 T. Burna
The field is the equal of any that will go
to the- post in a Western turf classic this
year. The prestige of the Schorr stable,
the present popularity of Tommy Burns
and the good reports of the colt's work in
California will make F. W. Brode a
strong favorite, as he is to-night in ho
tels and other places of. public resort., Of
the three Derbies which have passed Into
local turf history the Schorrs have won
two— with Presbyterian in 1897 and with
Meadowthorpe In IS9B.
Lamplighted and The Conqueror arrived
from Memphis this morning. The fact
that so shrewd a JudgeasJJ C: Patterson
thinks he has a chance and that so skilled
a rider as Burt Knapp has the mount
brings considerable support ' to Lamp
lighted. The Conqueror is to some extent
an unknown quantity. He is credited
with having done fast work on the Mem-
Ehis track, and Boland, one of the best
oys riding here this season, will pilot
him. Sidney Lucas will have a strong fol
lowing. His recent races and his work
have shown steady improvement and he Is
now as good as if not better than ever.
Prince of Veronia, figured upon his race
with F. W. Brode yesterday, seems to
have but little chance. Knight Banneret
and Sir Fltzhugh are* the outsiders, and
both appear to be outclassed.
The track to-day was heavy. The
working force has been doubled and in
cessant efforts will be made to get It -into
the best possible- shape by to-morrow.
At Its best, however, it will be only a fair
track, and as Brode's best races have been
run over a hard track he seems to be
handicapped at the outset.
New Steel Bark Kaiulani Built for the Hawaiian Sugar Trade.
ANTON QUICK, San Luis Obtepo, Calif.
"1 iret «o little open air exercise that I suffer jreatly from neo-
ralrf* and severe headache, and I have neveT found anything to
relieve me equal to Dr. Mile.' Antl-Paln Pills. They relieve so
quickly and leave no Injurious effects after using. My wlf « U C»-
lighted with them, and always keeps them In the house.
J. H. HAYDON, Santa Maria, Calif.
5 "I havt used Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills for sick headache. and
find', them * mo«t excellent remedy. I used to He awake many nlghu
and lo«e many day«* time from headache. »tomach troubl« and cer-
TOUsnesß, but since I have been takin* the Antl-Paln Plll» th« at-
tacks are not nearly bo frequent, and one Pill always drive* then*
away." _ ¦ . . . «•'•«¦
D. B. BAKER, San Jaclnto. Calif.
"I bavt nsed s«Teral boxes of Dr. Miles*' Antl-Paln PlUs. and I
find they promptly relieve ordinary and neuralgrlc headache*. They
bave also glrvn simlUr relief to my wife, and she n«v«r allows her-
self to be without them." --•?-,
-QuJck—Sife— Siitc^
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
Some men work. themselves to death try-
ing to keep up payments on their life ln-
«uranc«
D*. Miles* Anti-Pain Pills
WffllE ASfl STEAM GOAfc'&i&Ag
tfIAMOXD COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the liett Coal In th»
luakeu OiOcm and Xards—tU Mala stnet.
has completely, braced me up. I am Just
as vigorous as when a' boy and you can-
not realize how happy I am." '-¦ ¦. .¦ *. ;
"¦Dear Sir: .Your method worked beau-
Mfully. Results were exactly /what I need-
ed. .: Strength and ; vigor. 1 have completely
returned and I enlargement is entirely sat-
isfactory." .'. v . *V?. ._-: i .' , ¦¦¦.-: . ..¦-. ¦¦ ¦:¦ - ..*
'v "P ear lBlr:l Blr : "'*• Y o«rs i was received : - and ¦ I
had no. trouble in -making use of the re-
ceipt as ; directed c and can truthfully r say
it , is a boon to weak men.' I am 1 greatly
improved In size, strength and vigor."
' All correspondence Is strictly confiden-
tial, mailed in plain, sealed envelope.; The
receipt: is: free for ;¦ the asking, and:h«
yl9n.Uk ev«tx »an to have it,
: r -¦• l: w. ksa
¦ How any man may quickly cure himself
after years of suffering from sexual weak-
ness, lost vitality, nightly losses, varico-
cele. etc., and enlarge small weak organs
to fuli size and. vigor. Simply send your
name and address to Dr. L. W " Knapp;
1373 Hull Bldg., Detroit, Mich., 1 and he will
gladly send the free receipt with full di-
rections so that any man may eastly. cure
himself at home. This Is certainly a most
generous offer, and the following extracts
taken from his dally mail show what men
think of his generosity: r • ;•: ' .¦ •--'...
'.'Dear Sir: Please accept my sincere
thanks for yours of , recent ! date, i I ¦ have
given your treatment a thorough test and
the benefit ham - been • extraordinary. It
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
WHITE WOMAN FOUND
IN AN OPIUM "JOINT"
Contradictory Stories Told by Sadie
Brown From Baltimore and Ah
Sing, a Chinese.
Sadie Brown, a woman 33 years of age,
who "has seen better days," "appeared
before Judge Fritz yesterday along with
two Chinese, Ah Sing and Ah Chin, 1
charged with visiting an opium den. The
arrests were made by Policeman David
Murphy of Sergeant Shea's squad in the
old Palace Hotel, rear of 614 Jackson
street, shortly before midnight Thursday
Murphy testified that he. - was. in search
of two girls who were supposed to have
gone to an opium "joint" and he knocked
at the door, which was promptly opened.
He discovered the woman and the two
Chinese smoking opium. The , woman
seemed to be in a stupor and the officer
had difficulty In arousing her. He asked
Ah Sing who the woman was and he said
she was an acquaintance of a friend of his
in the East, who died, and he-was to look
aft«r her. 1 Murphy asked, the, woman if
she was to marry Ah Sing and she replied,
"I may later. He will, treat me better
that. a white man." A valise and a man
dolin- belonging to the woman were found
in the room. />;.- -
The woman "said that she came from
Baltimore and had 'been educated in a
convent there. She -arrived here Thurs
day. Ah Sing, she said, used to be a ser
vant'ln her father's house ten years ago.
The Judge fined her and -each of the
Chinese to with the alternative of twenty
four hours In prison.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
ADVEBTASEMENTS.
Not a Favorite Wins.
NEW ORLEANS, March 16.— Favorites
fared badly on the heavy track to-day
and not one finished first. Albert Vale,
winner of the Brush cup on Wednesday,
cut a miserable tigure in the handicap to
day. The- track was heavy. Results:
Six furlongs— Dissolute won, Trouballne sec
ond, Jamaica third. Tlme^ 1:19.
Seven furlongs — Scotch Grit won, Jean Spen
cer pecond, Corrlllo third. Time, 1:35»£.
Mile and eeve^ty yards. Belling— Bright Night
.won. Alvln W second, Swordsman third. Time,
l:£2>i. •
One mile, handicap— Strangest won Cathedral
second. Albert Vale third. Time. 1:46^4.
One mile, selling— Ben Chance won, Indian
second, rtuysell X third. Time, l:r,m<,.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Grayless won
Volandies second. Sister Fox tUlrd. Time,
ltzs.
(Bacing Chart on Page 11.)
In the Divorce Court.
Pearl Reppert has been granted a. di
vorce from S. W. Reppert on the ground
of desertion. Emily Henrietta Paulson
was granted a dlvorce'yesterday from Ju
lius B.' Paulson on the ground of willful
neglect. Suits for divorce have been filed
by Joseph Bender against Anna M. Ben
der for desertion: ' Pietro * Paroll against
Tillie Paroll for infidelity, and Lizzie Chas
sagne..against Henry Chassagne for fail
ure to .provide. '
NO PAIN, TRIFLING EXPENSE.
A Simple, Harmless Remedy for the
Cure of Piles.
A person contracts a cold, pneumonia,,
rheumatism and pleurisy from exposure;
dyspepsia and liver troubles from dietary
errors and the causes of most diseases are
easily traceable, but although piles and
rectal troubles are as common as any of
these the cause is obscure.
Violent exertion, as in lifting, sometimes
produces them and a sedentary occupation
is by some supposed to be a predisposing
cause, but as a rule piles and rectal
troubles appear without apparent provo-
cation.
There are many pile salves and oint-
ments which give temporary relief and
¦when these fall the patient, If he can
afford the expense and Is willing to take
the risk, has resource to a surgical opera-
tion. But there Is one remedy which gives
immediate relief and the regular use of
•which will bring about a permanent cure
and that Is the well-known Pyramid Pile
Cure.
In long standing cases the Pyramid has
proven to be the only cure except a
dangerous and exceedingly painful sur-
gical operation-, and Its advantages over
any kind of operation are many, as It is
painless, causes no interference with daily
occupation, and being in the form of- a
suppository Is always convenient and
ready for use.
The Pyramid Pile Cure is an effective
combination of soothing oils and antisep-
tic acids. It contains no cocaine nor
nerve destroying opiates and unlike most
pile salves contains no bichloride of mer-
cury nor any poisonous. Injurious drug of
any kind.
All druggists sell the Pyramid Pile Cure
at SO cents for a complete treatment of
the suppositories.
A little book on cause and cure of piles
will be mailed free by addressing Pyramid
Drug Co., Marshall, Mich.
DR. NEMBULA IS
QUITE A GOOD
ONE JUST NOW
Well Played, and Sent Away
to a Running Start, He
Won Easily.
One of the many hard dumps at Tan
foran yesterday was the absolute "snow-
Ing In" of Hard Knot. The colt went to
the post a 4 to 5 chance for the last event,
and cut off almost at the start was never
danperous. The horses were lined up some
yards from the barrier and Dr. Xembula
acted Quite like a gentleman. Heavily
played, he refused to be left, winning gal
loping from Capjive, a 100 to 1 shot. Sly
lost the show to Cormorant.
Favorites In the betting held their own
by taking three of the six events.
Saketo, from the Baldwin stable, led a
big bunch of maiden two-year-olds out in
the opening event at odds of 8 to 1. Gay
lon Brown finished second, a head before
Belzeebub
In the six furlong run following Momen-
The G^eat Headache Ct^e
a remedy that never fails to relieve Eeadacne, Backache, Stomachache, Neural«l*
Sciatica, Rheumatism, Nervousness, Irritability, Sleeplessness or the Blues.
25 Doses. 25 Cents. At all "D* uggisiSi
BENJ. P. BARKb'R, Llvcrmorc, Calif. *
:' "I have : used Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills for nervous and sick
headache from which I suffered since I .was a boy. 'l consider them
the " beet headache rem edy 'In the world ; •In fact, they are the ' only
thing lever found that would ward off or relieve at once."
MRB. V A. A. BTOWE, San slose. Calif.
,' ij'WhHe, traveling and sight-seeing, biir party of three each and all
used Dr-MUes'^ Antl-Paln Pills with . most • gratifying results. ' By
taking one before starting out, and sometimes one in mid-afternoon,
we were enabled to put in the loncest and most arduous days of
sight-seeing without any unpleasant effects." .'.¦,""- J : . . ¦-:•»'"
MRS. W. F. MILES, Valle|o, Cali».
.'/; "I: had .such terrible throbbing and .beating pains In my bead
and I ' was ¦ so . nervous that I ' could not rest -or ? sleep. Hearing of
,X>r. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills, my husband bought me a box, and the
first dose .gave relief. I always bave them In the nous* and glva
many away to my friends." • '. .
Cure all kinds pi Pains and Aches.
sb«»sb»
BARK KAIULANI
DISMASTED IN
THE ATLANTIC
Built/M; WilliamsTDimond
for the Honolulu Suiar
Four Ships Bound Here Having Hard
Luck— Chinese Bride Causes a
Sensation on Jackson
Street Wharf.
The : new steel bark>Kaiulani, built by
Arthur .Sewall, &'. Co. ' of Bath, Me., for
Williams, % Dimond ; &h Co.,* of this city,
has met with a mishap early . in j her ca
reer. She sailed from New York last month
on her maiden voyage.': She was -bound
for Honolulu, .. where she was to load
sugar for. San Francisco, j The Merchants'
Exchange | received a dispatch yesterday,
stating, that on: March 5 the Kaiulani was
spoken" with; her fore and main topgal
lant masts gone andotherwise damaged.
She was then returning to New York for
repairs. . It :1s • surmised that Bhe received
other damage In the storm in "which she
was partially dismasted. ' ••
The'Kaiulani is.the first "of a fleet of
steel vessels now building In the East for
the sugar trade. They are to run in con
junction with. -the new steamers - now
building for Williams, Dlmond & Co.,
and • all . of them were expected on the
coast during the year. ... >
•There are four vessels -making unusu
ally long ¦¦„ passages to. this >coast.; The
Musselcrag ¦ Is now out 241 days' from
Antwerp, the Blackbraes • 287 days from
Newcastle, England, and the Emille Gal
line 253 days from Swansea, all for San
Francisco, while the Annie Thomaa Is 230
days* out from Swansea for, Acapulco.
The only one *for which any fears are-en
tertained is the Annie Thomaa and 80 per
cent was paid yesterday to reinsure her
chances. The Musselcrag put Into-Syd
ney, N. S.W., 'January 12,' with her sails
in- ribbons,' bulwarks; smashed and decks
swept clean. . She was caught In the Oc
tober storms off the Horn and was forced
to come via Good Hope. On February
25 she sailed from Sydney for San Fran
cisco. On October 23 the Blackbraes put
into Port Stanley with her sails blown
away and steering gear damaged. She
sailed again February 7 for San Fran
cisco. The Emilie Galline put into Rio
de Janeiro partially dismasted on Novem
ber 4. She sailed again and was spoken
off the Horn December 27.
There is only one- disengaged ship in
port, while at this time last year tnere
were fifteen looking for charters. The
Idle, craft is- the British ship Tinto Hill,
now at Port Costa, and her agents are in
no hurry to quote rates, as they expect
an advance in charter prices within a day
or two. ¦.• - . •: - .
There was considerable excitement on
Jackson-street wharf yesterday over the
departure of a Chinese bride for her hus
band's home on the banks of the Sacra
mento River. A special room had been
prepared on . the steamer .Onward for ' the
Oriental beauty, and when she reached
the dock no time was lost in hurrying her
into the apartment. She was most care
fully veiled and her mother held an um
brella over her head' so as to prevent the
crowd from getting even-a glimpse of her.
Unfortunately, the bride's slipper fell off
as she was getting out of her carriage, and
the mother had to drop the umbrella, re
vealing all the bridal finery. The hus
band is the overseer of a large ranch at
Hiawatha; • '
The brig John D. Spreckels sailed for,
Guam yesterday. She Is the pioneer of a
fleet to be put- on by the -Western Com
mercial Company between here andUuole
Sani's new* possession. The brl£ carri<:3
the lumber and everything necessary for
aijarpe warehouse, all -kinds of merchan
dise,- a! number of horses and' mules and
everything necessary to establish larga
headquarters -for the new-. venture. --s-The
Spreckels will bring back *>. copra,', pearl,
shell and cocoanutß on her return-trip.
• The search for the launch which sank
alongside the transport Hancock has been
abandoned. The Government offered a re
ward of $250 to any. one who would locate
her, but no trace o£ the boat could be
found.' ¦ : : - -
"•. • ¦ ¦ ¦ .:.'•¦ ¦ ¦;¦¦', ¦ - ¦ ¦ : ¦¦ • " ¦ ¦ < • • . -.-¦'¦•¦.¦
THE SAN FBANCISGO ICALL, SATURDAY,' MARCH 17, 1900.
;| HIS llXrn Everybody In San j
\ Wfl N I PII Francisco to know {
];: ifnlilLUthatihe
New YorOeilal Parlors
j "(K»!n Omce, Portliad, 0r.)," V
j are located at ;>
723 Market St. i;
j* In H'*tory Building. |;
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Maiisl
on Application.
COAL. COKB ANU Pia IROM.
J T WII !( C fl 09 B *"ery Street.
J- rw It IL J\JA O. VV-» Telephone Main IS6*.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H..BLYTH. Mgr.
f W fihlp Plumbing. " Steaaboat
V- n • Jttll U, and Snip Work a Specialty. II
and IS Washington tt. Telephone Main 16U. .
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
Ii C RAVFQ * f(\ Ehlppins: Butchers, 1M
JA> DUlLja U/i Clay. TeL Main 12M.
PAPER DEALERS. .-.;
WIT I IMFTTF PUIJ> -*- ND paver co..
nILLA.UCiIL 722 Montgomery «t.
PHINTI.NJ. •
F- C HUGHES- BU Euuomt «t.. S. P.
STATIONED AND PRINTED.
Tel^raphlc p AKTB I DCE »• Ogg"--
-Stages connect at Santa Ro«a for Mark West
Pprings and White Bulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Oeyserrtlle for Skag;*
Spring.; atClovrrdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
¦l°tn Da £!*?'>. sprt5 prtn «.' Highland Spring
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lakel
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah it or Vichy
rwn™?"-!, wJf a i prln «"- Blue Lakes, Laurel
Sttti^f ii UTU T e X S ?T tn « a . u PPer Lake. Porno.
Si.iT.n-J* Joh ? Day ' B . Riverside. Llerley"*.
n% ailf"* ni U <lrt . n Hel K nt ». Hullvllle. Ori-s
w-.-*^^ *?•• ,M, Me J?<loclno City, Fort Bra«.
Westport.. Lsal Wlllltts. , Laytonvllle. Cutn-
Bc^'an^^re^a! 11^ Harr1 '- ?~ n ''- Dyer '
¦*f^ Urd V to MaaA *r round-trip tickets at re-
fc-^^<? day T, "^^-trto tickets to an points
d a 22a 22- R * t ' itl ** h »J* rates. .
H o w£r2s'x'«' 50 Mark et St.. Chronicle blda.
F-SfJ™ 1 , 1 !? o''0 '' . R. X. RYAN.
CQMPAONIE 6ZNEBALE TRAHSATLAHTIQuX.
DIRECT . LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. . friTtr '
Falllnu every Thursday Instead of <TsCTg
Saturday, from November 2, 1899. at J * 9S
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North- River, foot of
Morton St.; La GASCOGNE. March 22: LA
TOURAINE. March 29; LA BRETAGNE, April
6; L'AQUITAINE, April 12. First-class to
Havre, (60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction
on round trio. Second class to Havre, $45; S
per cent reduction on round- trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, S Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
The s - s - Martpcsa
WStMcmWWJ e J. hh B 9 ss t J- Australia
*? Favorite- line around ; the * world ' via Hawaii
Samoa.: New 'Zealand.^Australia," i n<u , B^r
En« land." etc. ; , «610 first class. H ?_•*'
j. v. ttrtcCivcLS v dKos.Co., Muti.; i! 4 r.'ontaomen
F^f 7. Fogt Pacific BtFrt^joW;?2jS!t»t
COAST lIITISIO^ (ilroaiKiange).
(Third mid TotrnsemlSU.)
ToGHIGAGO
This Is the quickest running and moat
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves Sax Franciscoi
S P.n. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
. trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
CXPDFSS P- m - wltl » Palace and Tonrist
. fmiv cars for Kans ** City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East. >•
Local trains /between Stockton, VAI If V
Fresno, Hanford, Visalla, Tularo b*wi\
and Bakersfield. , - • ROAD
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
'FRISCO SOON Mar k« Street, Phone Mala
IKWV.W3UUH :531; Oakland,- 1118 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
CO \ST 1»I VISION (Nnrroir <2anqe).
(foot ct Market Street.!
OCEAN TRAVEL.
WINTER . RESORT.
urnv wuwwnt pacific vmtaww.
(p aci no nr stem.)
Train* leave *»¦«• are tine *» arrive at
SAN riUNCIMCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street,)
OCEAN TRAVTSIi.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Specialists for Men
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Prloe.
Pay when well. Advice and private book
free, office or mall. Home cures. Estab-
lished 19 years. No Injurious medicine used.
Dr. Meyers & Co.
731 Market St.. S.F.
aL Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
l? J 5Sa5 t ? SA l* Brir •«• ' *««>IWMd
B 1n 1834 tor the treatment of Prtoata
W I)tee M «i. Lost Manhood. Debility or
¦ « 1 if a 1?," TearlDK . 0 " txxlyandmlndind
I k J n D ' i^f fl^L±be < loctorcnreawh<>ii
ttATTYROAP IBATtti
CALiFORNIiI (JMITEP
Santa Fe Route
UATB — F*OM FIBRCAKT 13, 1901 — iUITI
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE •
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also New York-Hamburg Direct.
For sailing, etc, apply to •
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE, 37 B'dw*y, NY
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co.'s passengers on application.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agts. for PaclHc Coast.
401 California st.. cor. Sansome. S. F.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "MonUceUo.** "
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m. ; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thnrs. night); Frl-.
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:20 a. m.. 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE '. .v. ...... SOo
VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
gfo 1551 UASSZT SV. tit. *±k?X S.F.Cd.
C . The Ljrje«t Anatomical Museum in the
j^ci E»- .World.. Weaknejf.es or any contracted
fUStzJq d;sM<e pr«l«l»«-ly earodhy the oldeit
fg;a| bpcculiitia the Coau. bsL^byeiit
¦ffxfi DR * JORDAH-PRIVATE DISEASES
Inu i) B Coxultation free tnd strlftly priratt.
fl YH fll Tm isment personally or by letter. A,
1 V <J| Pif.tivt Curain e»ery case undertaken,
r // lift w rite for Book. PHILOSOPHVtI
11 I MAniIUGI-:, MAILED FRBB. <A '
A H valuable book for men; t *
»R. JORDAN A CO.; 1061 Market St., & F. I
PASOROBLESSS^
'WILL CURB RHEUMATISM,
BLOOD, . LIVER, KIDNEY and STOMACH
DISORDERS. Elegant hotel accommodations.
Famous mud baths. Special round-trip rebate
tickets. Apply FRANK W. ELY. Agent.. 640
Market St.
•7«00a Benlcla, Snlsau, Etoira. VicarUle,
Ramsey au<l Sacramento *7n3p
•7>OOa Sbasta Eipresj-DaTls, WlUows.
Red BhiflT PorUand "7:43p
•7:30 a Martinez. San Ramon, Vallfjo. Napa,
CalUtoraan<lB»nt»llosa ••«!»?
•»:3O* The Overland liml teil— Ogden. Dcn-
»er, Omaha, Chicago ¦3il3v
•liSOa Bau Jose. Lirermore, Stockton.
lone, Bacraineuto, Flaeerrillo.
• Mary*'"'". ChJco.lte.l Bluff MilSp
•SiSOa «MiUon. OakJale, boncra. Carters... MslS*
•»jiM>a Tiny war-Is, Niles ami Way .Stations. # 1 1 *i& A
•»«««» a Daris, WoodUad. KnighU Leading.
Mary«»Ml«. OroflUo *7**Sr
•9t«O« Atlantia Kipre»»— Ogden and East *»:-C3a
*O:(H*a. Martlnei, Tracy. LatUrop. fitockton.
Merc»<l«Dil Fresno *13i13r
• »i»«» Port Costa, J'resuo, MoJ«to ami I.os
Angolm # «i43f
• I *:«M» v Vallejo, Martlnea and Way SUtlons ••:43r
•IliOO.v KUes, Liiermore, Stockton. Sacra- :'
mrnto, MemloU, Ilacford, Vicalia,
rcrterrllla.- MiIB»
•I 2:OOm Harwirdu, Xiles and Way SUtlons. *2>t.lr
1 1 :<>Op ttaeramento HUer Btexiiwts t "»:OOp
•a:OOp llaywards, Niks and Way SUtions. *3i-t3r
•4itt4»r U&rtiMex, Sail lUinoti, V«'.lejo,
N*p». CalUtng*. K»nU R<«* »Uil3*
•4iO»r B.?nlci*. Vaca»lUe. Haeramento,
Woii.llanil, KnlßbU lauding.
MarysTllle, Oro»lllo «IO:-i3A
MiSOrNllea. Ban Jose aurtßtockton *7»13r
•3:OOpTho Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
Bakeradeld. Haupis for Hanta l!ar-
b»rs. Ljs Ancelen. »li»:^3a
a3:OOr Sacaet Uxlted-Kl Pas% New Or-
Uansand East ttOt*3A
•3i3ep Btockton. Mffiocil. Freauo *12t15F
•3:SOp Vresnu, ItakenllrM. .Smita H:iil>nr»,
'.'¦- . - Loe Aogelwi, Ucmlng. VI Faao,
Hew Orleans aiul Kaat # S:*."»4
•si»«p Smite Fii JUtute— A tlairtlo Express - -
- [or Mojuio mill Kut Mli-ISr
•0:« Op HaywarUa, KllesaiklHan J05e...... •Ttl.ta
te-.SUr Vnllejn ....•iail3*
•oiU<trOr>nUl Mall— Ogden. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago •»»43a
•tsZOr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver.
Omatia, Chicago. MilSr
• t7:Mr Vallejn, Port Coata and Way Sta-
tions. J«>S3»
•StwSr Oregon and California) Kx|>r«m.Hao-
ruiiientii. Uarysfllle, ICnilillug,
Portion.!. Tiiurt Himml mul Kant »Wil34
< «sl3A.Me«ark.C«nterTllle.»auJos«> > Fclton.
Boulder <"ri ek.Sauta Cru* and Way
StaUon* »3ia«»>
t«il-1r Kowark, Center rlSle. San Jo*e.New
- Ahnaden, Feltoo, KouMor Creetr,
Banta Crna and Principal Way
Stations t '•«•"»«»
•*il3r Newark. Sao Joao, LosGatoa. litUOt.
Hunters' Excursion, San Jose aod ¦
WaySUJtons {7i—l»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. i-
rnmSi* r.ti-CISCJ-rjot of Mtrktt Strut (Slip Si—
, »7:18 »:00 11.00 a.m. tl^3 *2:00 |3:00
•1:CO 13:33 •C.-03rjsl
/rimOIIUHS— tol «f Bread »*T.— 'o:oo 8:00 10:O0l.M.
t!3:30 «l:03 ' t3:S3 *3:03 fi:C3 «feoorji.
f«:l»A Ooeau View, Month ban Fmnciaeo.. t«*>3or
•?:«»•* Han Joao ami Wny Stations (New
Alinuleu WetliiemlajsonlT) *l>SOr
*¦>••* Hun Jiwe. Trea I'imm, HanU Crnr.
raellio r.rore. r&sn Uubles. Baa
I.IIU Ottinpo, BiiTf. Lompoc aud
— rrli.olpal Way Stntlous M:1»p
•IO:-tOA San Joan ami Way Mtatlona •0:3.11
•Ili3Oa Saa Jnse ami Way MUUons. *3)80r
t'<*>-«3r San Matra. Rxlwootl. Menlo Paik.
: . Palo Alto. Santa Clara. !S»».lr*«,
Trea Pinos. Hauta Cma. Salinas,
lloateroy ami l'aclflo Gxot« flOi^Sfc
f:i:Jl«r Nan.lo.ioaii.l Way HUtlous *7:8«»p
t Isliir San .tone an.l Principal Way SUtU»4 •!»: !."» »
t3:WOp.<Un.7osoaad Principal W*y Stations tO:Ot»i
•>i|Jl»p SaiiJinetn.l Principal Wiy Stations •^j3-'»A
•fii-lOr San Joss ami WaySUtious «^i«M»\
611i43r Sail Jc«->nml Way Hlatimis . •7>.10p
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leave Broadway
-wharf, San Francisco:' '
y^fc For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
ISffrWlfc. Mar. 17, 22. 27, Apr. 1. Change
¦5K6* *3SSWSk t0 company' 3 steamers at
IffiJiißXSiVt " P For Victoria. Vancouver (B,
BKjyCVJBi f ) port Townsend, Seattle,
Tacoma, Everett, Anacorti»s
1 and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a m.. Mar. 17. 22r 27, Apr.
1, and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company'a steamers for Alaska
and G.N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.. at
" For Kureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m. t Mar.
20 25, 30. Ap* 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Caj-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). G*yl°*a.
Kanta Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
Fast San Pedro (Los Angeles), and Newport. 9
a m.7 Mar 16. 20. 24. 28. April 1. and every.
'^SanViegrst'opplng only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port. Los
An«teles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m..
Mar! 11. 22. 26. 30, April 8, and every fourth
da For Rnsenada, Magdalena Bay San Jose -del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mm.), 10 a. m.. Mar. 8, and 7th
of each month thereafter. • ,
For further Information obtain company s
The" company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and. hours of sailing,
without previous notice. - *
TICRKT OKFICK— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco. •
A for Morning . P for Afternoon.
Daily. t Hui»l»y e«c«rted. I Sund»j onty.
6 Saturday only. . .
• Tuesday* tad Frldajs « Thnxsdays and Stmdaya
THE 0. R. & 11. CO.
* DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IF O R- TL -A. IST ID
• ' From Sp»ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC £12 First Class 'Including B«rtb
I MnC S8 Second Class- and .Meal*.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails...;
-....' .»...; March 24, Asril 3
COLUMBIA sails .March 19. 29. -April 8
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and ; all points <in the- Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. -
E. C. WARD, General Agent.",-"--
- i 630 Market St.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents..
CALIFORNIA KORTHIESTEBN RT. ca
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon fmrry. Foot or Market SC
,^RAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9*o, ll:0O a. m.: 12:3\
.8:30. 8:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, tripe at l:i«
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8.-00. »:30. 11:00 «. m.; 1:30.-3:30,
¦ 6:00. 8:20 p. m.
RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY3— «:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 8:10 p. m. Saturdays—Extra trip* at
1:15 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. »:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40. 8:08.
• :25 i>. m . N
Between San Francisco and Schuetten Par*
•ame schedule ma above.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausslito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, ISM.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILI, VAXUTr
AND SAN RAFAEL. »
WEEK DAYS— *7:OO. •»:*>. 11:00 a. m.; n^B.
•B:4ft 8:16. 8:00. i:3O p. m. . .
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
. fael, on Monday*, Wednesday* and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO, «10:00,\ 11M a. m.; "lilt
8:15. »4:45. i:3O. 9:00 p. m. - ••• . ¦ **
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO* SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:2S, -H. 35. 7:45. »9:40 a. m.l
•12:30. 2:15, *3:40, »B:15 p. m.
« EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays an 4
Saturdays at C:4O and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:2O. »3 :00. . •ft) : 00, nl:« a. m.j
n:4O. •3:15, 4:45. »«:30 p. m. .
' Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:«. (:45. 7:85. 9:45 a. mT«
U:SS. 2:35. 2:45 5:20 p. m. {
- EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesday* and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
BUNpAYS-8:06, 10:05 a, m.: 11:05.1:13.1:80.
'.' '¦ THROUGH TRAINS. •• ¦ ¦ -
T:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way station*.
3:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way station*.
8:00 a. m. Sunday*— Tomales and way *tatlon*.
; AMERICAN LINE.
KIW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOHDON. PABIB.
Stopping at Cherbourg," westbound.
From New, York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Kensington ...March 21 St. L0ui5. ...... .April 11
New York.. ...March 28 New York...:.. April IS
-St. Pau1. ....... .Apri1! St/* Pau1.. .;.... April 25
• ¦ /RED STAf^. LINE. ..^
New York'arjd 'A'ntw«rj>*. .
' From New York every Wednesday,. 12 noon.
Kensington,... March 21 Southwark .....April 11
Noordland ...:March 28 Westernland ...April 18
Frelsland April 4 Kensington ....April 25
. EMPIRE LINE.
: Seattle. St. Mlcrjael, Dawion City.
For full Information regarding freight ' and
•~ . ¦ - passage apply to :•¦.'••
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery I St., . or any of its agencies:
Leave . Arrlva
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
-— October 15. ¦
Week Bun- 1S». . Bun- Week
Daya. days. Destination. day. De.y«.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 19:40 am 3:40 aia
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:>.* pm 10:25 arr*
>:!> pm 8:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:3» pm «:23 pn»
Fill ton.
t:3» ta Windsor. 10:15 ana
Healdsburc.
Lytton, . .
J Qeyerrllle,
8:90 pm 8:00 am cloverdale. 7:23 pm 6:9 pn»
7:30 ami ¦ IHoptand and I |. -
I 8:00 am| 'Jlclah. | 7:3S pmj 8:3 pia
T:SO am - ; io : j5 an,
8 :00 am Gnernerllle.' 7:35 pm •>
8:30 pm . . .. 8:23 pia
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am 3:40 ani
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:06 pm j : jj pia
T:3O ami J:0O ami SebastopoU 110:40 am|lO:Js am
3:30 pm| 8:00 pm( | 7:35 pm[ 8:23 pia
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
GHICAGO,
THE RIO GRANDE
r WESTERN RAILWAY
; AND CONNECTiaNa.
LEAVING SAN FRANCISCO X>AXUX
8:30 A. M. and 6:30 P. M.
Effective February ii, : i>»
. Get lnf ormatlon of ' Southern Paclflo ticket
agents or : .
: GENERAL OFFICE. U Montgomery at.
TOYO KM KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, ' COR-
ner of First and llrannan streets, 1 n m
for 'YOKOHAMA and- HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe ¦ (Hlogo). > Nagasaki > and t- Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.'-"- • ¦- ¦' -¦ ¦¦ r. -.'.- ?. ;<: ¦. ?_,¦ » ..
HONGKONG ' MARU..'. . . . . . Saturday, March 31
NIPPON MARU... ...........Wedne5day. April 25
AMERICA- MARU. .......... .. .5aturday. May U
:>•¦¦; : . Via Honolulu. .
¦ Round-trip tickets ¦• at m: reduced • rates ' Kor
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market «t.. corner First. ' . '
,¦ i < V ; k W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RAILWAY
'•wZVnm v* a • r ? maeiMCO . II 1 * B*»«*M© Ferry.
Week Days 9:30 a. m. and I*4S n. ™
Sunday. 8:00, 10:00 m 7 n£ md -l'« £ 5:
- Bteam-heated. olOMd car' oi ill traltj?*
Fare-San FrancUco to Summit and R.turn.
4-r +
-?¦ England's nobility at - the ' +
front- Bead about them and -f
-f 6ee their pictures in next Sun-
X day's CalL >
Q+++++++++++ + ++++.** ? ? ? »+'?
GREYHOUNDS OF
CLASS RUNNING
AT TWO PARKS
Champion Stakes the Attrac
tion at Both Ingleside and
Union Coursing Fields.
The management of Ingleside Coursing
Park 'has arranged a series of champion
stakes, the first, of which will be decided
to-morrow afternoon. The stake is aa In
vitation one, which enabled the park man
agement to select such dogs as it thought
would make exciting coursing. The en
tries are: Hawker, Flora McDonald, Lily
of the West. Connemara. Golden Rule.
Rocker, Beacon and Master Clalr. Thi3
stake will be run after luncheon to-mor
row. The first round of the 5»-dog oiJen
stake will fee run this afternoon, com
mencing at 1 o'clock. The sport will begin
to-morrow at H a, m.
The hares ara now sent Into the field
tnrougn a long chute, which has tne ten
dency to senu them up -me neld. For
merly they were turned out of dars boxed
Into .the glare. of. sunlight anu beiore they
recovereu .trom their contusion tne dogs
were down upon them, ifee hares are
always at their worst at this time of tne
year, and the Judges and otner field offl
cials have their responsibilities largely
increased.
'ihe largest stake of the year will be run
at Union Park to-day. To this will ho
added to-morrow a sixteen-dog champion
staKe. In mis are such cracks as Luxor.
KoytU Hush, Warship, Bohe, Whitehead.
Metallic. Mac's Spiteful. Record
ing Angel, Kid McCoy and Theroa. Tn»
entrit-s in tne reserve stake Include a
number of old favorites, and the bettor
who can pick the ultimate winner will be
a wonder. Among the U<> uogs to go to
the siipa will be Brutus, .Daisy Clair.
Thornhill, For Glory, Twin City Girl.
Beauty fcipot. Morning Glory. LTawrord
Lad, Maud S, Plougnboy, Motto. O X
Capital and others Invarlety. The reserve
staKe wnl be run down twice to-day, mak
ing nin»ty-six courses.- This will leave
fltty courses for to-morrow. The cours
ing men will go down on the 10:15 a. m.
train. The l:2o p. m. train for Tanforan
racetrack will also stop.
Messrs. Hussell and Wilson of the well
known coursing firm of Russell, Allen He
Wilson" are expected here from the East
early In May with a string of twenty
greyhounds, which will be ready for com
petition. They will be represented by
Spiteful, a new dog. at Union Park to
morrow. He Is white in color and is by
St. Clalr-Russell's Nancy. He was tried
out with Julius Caesar on Monday and
beat him handily.
T. J. McHugh, the veteran field stew
ard at Ingleside Park, enjoyed some
coursing in the open last week. He spent
several days with "Denny" Healey. the
"Prince of Petaluma." and was lavishly
entertained. In a tramp over the hills
with some greyhounds they started up
several hares, which provided good sport.
Mr. Healey's great young dog Sisquoc la
still ailing and will not be fit for competi
tion for some months. Mr. Healey contem
plates sending' his great greyhound Wave
on to be bred to Russell. Allen & Wllson'3
dog St. Clalr. the sire of the celebrated
Clairs. Her litters by Rusty Gold and
Kmin Pasha have all proved wonderful
performers.
M. London's Magneto sustained a badly
cut foot on Wednesday on the way to
Union Park, The do«c was at hia best, but
will be on the shelf for some time.
Frank McComb has been placed In
charge of the Sterl & Knowles Kennels,
and an improvement la expected In th«
performances of the dogs.
The Lopez Kennels have sustained the
los«: of McGregor, a promising youns
dog. He became frightened while being
exercised and ran away from hi 3 kennel
mates. As Is their nature they set upon
him and killed him.
Among the latest recruits to the leash
men's ranks is Captain J. H. Mulally of
Seventh and Market streets. He has pur
chased the black dog Precede and is pre
paring him for the running.
P. J. Graves, a well-known sportsman
of Seattle, dropped Into the city early
this week, and during his stay visited
both coursing parks, with a view to In
augurating the sport In the north during
the coming summer.
Although a long way off. the Futurity
stake, to be run next September, is al
ready engaging attention. In point of en
try and prizes it wIU so far exceed any
thing ever before attempted In this coun
try that all past events will be enshroud
ed in a deep shadow. It will also attract
the leashmen of the entire country to
the coast, including, beyond doubt. L. S.
Bartels, Samuel Handy, James Russell.
Donahue. Nichols and probably Dr. Hum
mell. The event "Is for greyhounds
whelped since January 1. 1539. and during
that period more youngsters of quality
first saw light in California than during
any period of double the time before. It
was a banner year for breeding, and the
class of dog bred Insures results that will
advertise California throughout the
coursing world.
John Kerrigan's St. Lawrence was bred
to W. J. Henry's Valley Queen on Feb
ruary 19- Valley Queen Is the dam of;
many noted performers on the open at
Merced and also on the enclosed coursing
fields. .
Bartels Brothers' Hughle (Imp.) has
mated with the same owners' Bart's
Belle.
Arthur Massey*s Hot Stuff has been
bred to J. C. O'Donnell's Dora B (Imp.).
Eugene Geary's Bonnie Lass, the dam
of Ireland, Erin, Palo Alto and America,
has been mated with Bartels Brothers
Hughle, and much Is expected of the pro
geny.
Hugh Lynch's consistent performer.
Mystic Maid, was bred to Hughle on Feb
ruary 8.
Jerry O'Shea's Golden Gate was mated
with J. Keenan's Fear Not on Febru
a Aeneld Kennels' Van Knapp was mated
with Emma Abbott on February 21. The
same dog was bred to Mr. Tilden's Lily,
T on February 25.
An Iron mine on Bell Island. Newfound-
land, which was In 1353 bought for $120,000,
was sold last year / for $1,000,000. . .
AMONG THE YACHTSMEN.
, The bridge at Tiburon will be raised to
morrow about noon | and the - yachts ; and
arks which have been laid up In the, quiet
To Play Handball at Ryan's.
The entries for the handball games at
Phil Ryan's court, 55S Howard street, to
morrow are sufficiently attractive to draw
a good attendance. They will also give
the athletes an opportunity to stretch
their muscles In sprinting about the as
nhaltum floor in an endeavor to knock
the inoffensive ball Into a corner. The
following are the names of the players
entered: . . ,
A. McVlcker and T. Le«ch vs. G. Smith and
J. Condon. . V ¦
,W.-H. Sleberst «nd C. Murray vs. J. J. Can
avan and M. Klrby.
J. R. BooUman and E. McDonounrh vs. N. J.
Prenderßast and CL. R. Hay ward.
W. Fifhrr and C. MeKinnon vs. P. Ryan and
G McDonald.
J5. Toy and M. Magulre vs. J. Collins and E.
Ciirley. ¦
T. Fo!ey and E. Barry vs°. R. Hausman and
D. Rrjan. . .
D. Sheridan and W. Fahy vs. A. W. 11. Galla
gher and I-. K»«Jb»n.
M. 3. Ktifrallnn and A. Hampton vs. R. Llne
han and J. White.
SAN MATEO HUNT CLUB.
Several members of the San Mateo Hunt
Club enjoyed a chase : after a live fox
last' Monday morning. Reynard had been
captured and taken to the quarters of the
Hunt Club. At about 7 o'clock In the
morning he was given his liberty In front
of the Burlingame .Country Club house.
Soon after 8 o'clock eleven couples of
hounds were laid on and soon picked up
the scent and; led the horsemen a merry
chase. -The fox evidently spent:some.lit
tle, time in getting hi? bearings, but pro
ceeded .first In the direction -of the golf
links and the fields of, the Sharon estate.
He then made for' the hills and rough
country, running across meadows and into
a brook. Sometimes .he ¦" , doubled and
crossed his | own | tracks. Behind the Ba
rollhet houseihe- ran Into a thicket and
thence struck straight out over the hills
and ;into a deep and thickly wooded can
yon. 1 The hounds were hot upon his trail
and; as. the fox broke cover, he could be
seen on the. top of a hill,; up which „ the
riders followed; htm. "He made for 'the.
heavily wooded: country' again, . taking
refuge In a spinney of. blue gums, where
he' scrambled up the trunk of a broken
tree. When the hounds • came , up - he
Jumped : among them and " was killed? by
a" puppy named 1 '- Scarlet.- which ¦¦ was
bred at . the ,:club kennels, the next
to ; - size - ¦ him . ' being '•- Rockwood ' and
Graceful,-' hounds . which . ' have ¦? hunt
ed .-- a great \ deal ;In s, Virginia >, and ' were
broken In last season. .There being; no la-
SWIMMERS AT SUTRO'S.
The usual weekly swimming and dlvin*
contest will be held at Sutro Baths to
morrow. The competition includes:
Flfty-vard race. Juveniles— E. Klpp, O. Ru
(ior.lck 11 Budinlek, E. Kelber. P. Sunbergr.
II Lelcken. W. Hanson. G. Clouich. E. Mlnter.
G" Chllds. W. Wollbers. W. Webber. C. Shll
llntr X Ridlnr. F. Ralston. O. Lowenthal. 100
yard race, amateum— W. Harrlnjr. W. Wallace.
H Ahlberc. W. Wilson. E. Josephs. J. Laird,
H." Haywards, William Smith. C. Carlton, E.
Bell C. Lnndln. R. Dahl. W. Harmon. H. See
bach T Thomas. Tub race. 100 yards— C Sin
clair. J. Wandell, P. • Sunberg, C. Cfcrroll. F.
Reilly L. Doud, E. Ideboldt. W. McCormtck.
C Henderson. A. Baudaln. E. Wells. F. Green.
Trick and fancy sprtnßboard dlvin*— J 1 . O'Brien,
J Handon. -F. Carroll. R. Cordell. W. Sum
mers F. Eames, J. Cathwell. O. Mlsner. W.
Douglass, L. Bertie, R. Rldlnff. S. Davis. J.
Cathcart.
BASEBALL MEN ACTIVE
AND READY FOR WORK
' Everything Is moving rapidly In base
ball circles these days. During the forth
coming week. the four teams of the Cali
fornia League will be on the diamond for
preliminary practice and a schedule of
games will be arranged for the entire sea
son. • , . .
Changes, on the grounds oh .which . the
league games will be., played . are being
made in the 'several cities represented. by_
teams. : At 1 - Oakland the stands have been"
completely, remodeled and the field, which
was In deplorable condition last year, will
be In good shape for the opening -game in
the first week' of -April." The new grounds
in Stockton are being placed In condition,
while the - old diamond in Sacramento is
receiving an overhauling. Recreation
Park In this city will be in. first-class con
dition when the 1 season opens April 1. ' '¦
The four teams ; ar« nearly I complete.
They areas follows: • ' • '
San Francisco— lberg and Fltzpatrlck,
pitchers; Rellly, second base; Brockoff.
third base; Spencer; shortstop; Leroy, left
field; Hlldebrand, . right field. Krug will
probably play center. For the first bag
Manager Harris has several men In view.
Sacramento— Lansbury and Doyle, pitch
ers; Stanley, catcher; -Hanlon,- first base;
Stultz, second base; Deveraux, third base;
Egan, shortstop; McLaughlln, left field. .
Oakland— Hammond, catcher; Steffanl,
pitcher; Hutchinson, first base;. Francks,
second base; Lange, third baser Schmeer,
shortstop : Moskiman, left field : Drennan..
center field; Dunleavy, right field, r ;
So far- Stockton's nine is not made up.
Selna will cover the first bag. Babbitt
second, and Moore third. , Locknead will
be seen at short and McHale In -the field.
Harris is trying to secure Strelb to play
first base for his team.
• Harvey, the record-breaker of last sea
son, is with Chicago at Hot Springs, from
which place comes word that he has made
a strong Impression at this early day. ¦
. Sullivan will leave within a few days for
Kansas , City. ; for V which- team . he . will
catch. " • " " ' ' • '
•The California League has adopted the
Spaldlng ball as the official ball of the
league.- '* . ¦ - ; ¦¦ ' ..';.'... ¦ ;
Probably the imost Interesting .• game
scheduled in the series arranged for this
season between the Fireman's Fund team
and the universities will take place to
day when - the insurance- men meet Cali
fornia. Last : Saturday Stanford ; won
ngalnst the Insurance boys in ' a closely
and well contested game, • being . the first
the college teams have won from the Fire
man's Fund/ Game will be called at 2:30
sharp. The line-up of. the two teams will
be as follows: :' -r-?*-.%
. Fireinah's Fund. ' : Berkeley. .'•
Krui Pitcher ..Kaarsburß
Hammond. '....."¦.'.•. Catcher ......'.... ....;. .5mith
Follannbee First ba5e....;........Ham11n
Wobber ......' Second' base.. ."¦......Fu11er
Dunn.:.. ....... Third base ...... ..Braley
5chmeer. ........... Shortstop ........Hunter
Mosklman Left field.. ."......'....W01f
Hammond, J.. .."... Center field McKeown
En51jn............. Right He1d. ......;.....;... Me1n
DOG SHOW DOINGS.
The San Francisco Kennel Club Is well
advanced In Its preparations for the dog
show to take plac« In May. The club has
opened an office at 23S Montgomery street.
H. D. Laldlaw will be in charge until
April X. when Dave Sinclair will assume
the duties of chief clerk. The premium
list will b« issued on the 20th inst.. and
the earlier the entries are made the better
for the exhibitor, as the dogs receive po
sitions according to the order In which
they are entered. The number of trophies
offered this year exceeds all former rec
ords, the clu}> itself offering a larger num
ber of silver cups than at any previous
chow. The Pacific Mastiff Club, the Pa
cific Bull-terrier Club., the Pacific Fox
terrier Club, the California Coljle Club
and the St. Bernard Club of .California
are each offering a long string of medals
ar.d trophies for their respective breeds.
Among the Individual trophies offered
may be mentioned a sliver cup for Boston
terriers by James L. Flood; another for
mastiffs by the Arlington of Santa Bar
bara; one from the Verona Kennels for
English setters, and the John E. de Ruy
ter cup for buil-terrlers. Leon S. Greene
baum has offered a cup for St. Bernards
and the California Jockey Club has done
the same for fox-terriers.
"English Bill" Jackman has Just arrived
from the "tight little Isle" with a swell
fox-terrier for which he paid $625, and
which he expects to see capturing the
lilue, yellow and tri-color ribbons at the
Hay show.
Merry Prince. L. J. Auberfs fine setter
dos:. by Merry Monarch ex Countess
Boeer. is dead of distemper.
W. *E. Chute has tent his English setter
DoUr V to be bred to the field trial winner
Vnole B. by Harwlck ox Dan's Lady. He
has bought the champion Silverplate from
Sam Hughes and will probably breed her
to Count Gladstone IV. • -
Faraud. the pointer whose defeat for the
R;x-clal aroused such a protest from his
owner at last year* ?how. Is- dead.
Miss Tompklns. the owner of the Pine
hlU rocker K*nn<*ls, has left for a tour of
Kurope. and has placed her pets In charge
of Mr. Lucas at San Clement**.
Robert Gardner has sold his English
F'-tter dog Dick Stamboul. by Stamboul ex
Kitty It. to Mr. Atkins of Seattle.
R. M. Palmer of Seattle h.is
from JI. T. Pavne a Countess Noble Eng
lish fitter puppy sired by Count Dick F.
A matins that should produce wonderful
results will he watched with much in
terest by the fanciers. A. Decourtleux
has shipped his English setter Verona
Cash, by champion Count Gladstone IV
«-x Dairy Craft, to b« bred to Marie's
Sport.
J. P. Xorman has bred his English mas
tiff Hebe Montez. by Chlno Don ex Lola,
to W. E. Meek's California Cube, by Cube
ex Pedigree.
Joseph L. Cuttcn Is Importing from tho
East a Boston terrier which will make Its
mark Jn the prize list of the next show.
COLLEGE MEN
WANT A RACE
IN FOUR OARS
President Wheeler. Wishes
Rowing to Take High Rank
Among Sports.
The most interesting topic among row
ing-men Is the possibility of a rac? be
tween' four-oared crews of the University
of California and the Columbia Rowing
Club. The boating association of the Uni
versity of California and the Columbia
Rowing Club have quarters side by side
on Sessions basin, Oakland Creek, and in
1596 a boat race took place between a Co
lumbia crew, coached by E. R. Folger of
Yale, and a four of the university trained
Dy E. M. Garnett of Harvard. On the
night before the race the university beat
bouse, with all the boats and equipment.
wm burned. - The university crew, how
ever, borrowed a barge and rowed, but
was beaten. There are several good oars
men in the Columbia Rowing Club, but
many of the best known members, as E.
R. Folger, George S. Wheaton, R. M. Fitz
gerald. F. S. Stratton. H. J. Knowles. C.
O. G. Miller, J. A. Folger and P. H. Re
mlllard, have become golf enthusiasts.
Recently the captain -» of the university
barge crew asked some members of the
Columbia Rowing Club If a race cculd
not be arranged between the two clubs,
and the Columblas will probably make up
a crew. The whole matt?r Is as yel.far
from settled, and no date can be set for
the event. The University of California
crew will be made up as follows: Mlnot E.
Scott, '02. bow: David Goodale, '00, No. 2;
John W. Barnes. '00. No. 3; Frank V.
Klngton. '03. stroke and captain.
Dr. Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president of
the University of California, 1b said to be
strongly In favor of rowing as a college
sport and to be desirous of raising It to
the level on which Intercollegiate football
now stands In the estimation of the pub
lic. Dr. Wheeler is paid, on a recent visit
to the rival institution of learning at Palo
Alto to have upbraided the Stanford men
for not maintaining the rowing traditions
of the Anglo-Saxon race, and to have tried
to persuade them to put a crew on the
water this season.
J R. Bockman. the well-known ex-pres
ident of the Ariel Rowing Club. Is desirous
to see shell-rowing, which is the most
highly developed form of the sport. Intro
duced here, and acting on his suggestions
the Ariel Rowing Club may purchase a
four-oared shell and try to persuade other
boat clubs to follow Its example. i3efcr«
attempting to run It Is well to learn how
to walk, but shell-rowing when once fair
ly Introduced Is likely to supersede barge
rowing. In ordor to encourage oarsmen to
take It up it Is proposed to offer hand
somer trophies for shell races than aro
at present awarded for barge events. The
objection Is often made that the water:!
of the bay are too rough for shell:!, but
in the early days of rowing around San
Francisco shells were commonly used, and
old oarsmen »ay that they have rowed a
shell In water in which a barge woul'l
not live. The clubs which first train their
men in shells will have a great advantage
In shell races, as considerable practice ana
experience are necessary to fit a shell
properly, and good watermanship as >v«sll
bs oarsmanship is needed to keep her on
an even k*el and get pace out .ot her.
Robert Ellis, -formerly a well-known oars
man and memter of the Arlels, has re
turned from Manila and rejoined the club.
The Ariel senior barge crew will be made
up as follows: H. Wilson, bow; W."*Mrt-
KTenna. No. 2: Robert Ellis, No. 3, and W.
Howe or James Wilson, stroke.
The Alameda senior barge crewwill toe
made up of Jack Lewis. W. G. Hansen.
D G. Greenleaf and F. W. Ayers. and a
pood junior barge crew has already been
formed. _
WILL SPRINT
AND JUMP ON
BERKELEY OVAL
Athletes of Academic League
in Great Form— Notes From
the Universities.
The twelfth semi-annual field day cf th»
Academic Athletic League will be heUl
one week from to-day on Berkeley cval.
It Is conceded that the Uklah High School
has the strongest team, but as there is. a
lot of new material representing all the
schools some surprises may develop. The
track will be fast and new records are
expected in several events. Stephen As
blll, r the winner of the sprints last year,
apparently has the 100 and 220 at his mer
cy. The Lowell High School sprinter is
going in in great form.
. Robert Thomas of Uklah has both the
high and the low hurdles safe, as he Is a
star at the game. The half-mile seems
to be between Healey and Thompson of
Ukiah and William Graves, last yoars
winner. The latter has been doing 2:10 in
practice, as against the record of 2:05 4-5.
He was hit with a shot on Wednesday,
but promises to run if he has to use
crutches. Nuckalls has thrown the twelve
pound hammer 165 feet, the world's record
being 173 feet. Weller and Brown of
Uklah are also doing well.
Volz and Llgda of the Berkeley High
School are putting the shot over the rec
ord. ' Fred Lemman of Santa Rosa and
Dunker of the Pdlytechnlc are also prom
ising candidates for honors in this direc
tion. •
Henley: of Ukiah Is jumping better than
ever. Costello seems his hardest op
ponent in the broad Jump.
ATHLETICS AT STANFORD.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 16.—
For, the past week the cinder path and
oval have been utilized by crowds. of ath
letes training for the different class meets.
Every man In the Junior and freshman
classes who has athletic ability Is putting
forth his best efforts to "make" his class
team, which is becoming an honor second
only to thafof being a member of tho big
team.; : . ' •
The junior track team meets the Ukfah
High School team on the latter's grounds
to-morrow. The men who represent Stan
ford in this meet are Foster, Bennett,
Wardall, Harter, Lawrence, Bowman.
Ferrari and Cantwell. The class team Is
weakened -by the absence of Stewart,
Strcut and Symonds, the stars, of , the
team. While this contest Is In progress
at Ukiah the freshmen will meet the Oak
land High School team on the college
track. As this has- become an annual
event the contest will be a hard fought
one. • ¦ ¦ ' " ''
The 1903 team will consist of McCaugh
ern. Hart and Lyons in the sprints; Smith,
Baker. Niklrk. f John. Nourse, Treager.
Hopper and Preston in the distances; Pol
lard. Narrafnore and De Witt In the hur
dles: Preston and Thompson in the walk;
Parker. Brooke.' Treager. John and Pol
lard in the weights; Dole, Beach. Luck
and Denton in the vault, and Narramore.
Lyons, McCullough. Dole, Palmer. Luck
and. Beach In the jumps.
The baseball men continue slowiyon th»
up grade, the battery and fielding showing
the most improvement. Errors by the In
flelders are still numerous. .".. ? o'j
waters of the lagoon will be towed out
Into tho bay and will take up their moor
ings in the cove. From now until the
opening 1 ¦ days of the various clubs yacht
owners will be busy scraping and varnish-
Ing spars, overhauling running rigging,
copper-painting hulls and making other
preparations for the sailing season.
• The regatta committee of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club has been Instructed to
prepare a report on the rules governing
yacht racing, into which" some modifica
tions will be Introduced. The rule defin
ing what Is meant by "a cabin yacht" In
the deed of gift of the Perpetual : Chal
lenge cup will be carefully examined and
construed. Another provision, the wording
of which Is obscure if not absolutely op
posed to its real Intent, is that in which it
is said that the contest for the Perpetual
cup is to be sailed "between May 1 of any
year and September 30 of the following
year." If this provision is literally con
strued the race might be sailed on any day
from May 2, 190), up to September 30, 1901.
Yet the Intent of the donors of the chal
lenge cup "undoubtedly was to Insure the
race taking place during the season when
strong winds prevail on the bay — that is,
from the end of April to the end of Sep
tember.
The sailing programme of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club for the coming season
has been prepared by Commodore W. N.
McCarthy and accepted by the yacht own
ers. April 14 will be opening day. Yacht
owners will dress ship at 1 p. m. and will
receive guests aboard during the after
noon. At night a hop will be given' in the
dance hall of tho clubhouse. On Sunday
the fleet will take the first cruise of the
season under signal from the flagship Ra
mona. . . •
A meeting of California yachtsmen will
be held at the clubhouse to-morrow to re
arrange and assign moorings for tho sea
son. Next week a meeting of directors
will be held for routine business and the
flection of applicants for , membership.
The sloop- yacht Whirlwind, belonging to
the estate of the late E. A. yon Schmidt,
will be sold at auction for the benefit of
his children on- Sunday, March 25, at 1
p. m. This.remarkable craft was the fast
est of her class on the bay.
CHAMPIONSHIP
GOLF CONTEST
NEARS AN END
Final Round Will Be Played
To-Morrow on the Oak- j
. land Links.
It Is to be regretted that there were no
entries from- other clubs than, that of
Oakland for the championship meet of the
Oakland and San Francisco. Golf clubs,
which began last Saturday. J. W. Byrne,
; R. H. Gaylord and H. B. Goodwin were
prevented either by illness or bad. weather
from visiting the Oakland links for the
purpose of playing the qualifying rounds.
S. L. Abbot Jr.. and others could not. spare
the time, especially as the later rounds
are over thirty-six holes. Ten members
of the Oakland Golf Club , qualified, Six
drew byes and four played in the prelim
inary round. In which P. E. Bowles beat
T. H. Hutchinson and P. L. Stratton de
feated R. ivi. Fitzgerald.' In the second
round E. R. Folger beat J. C. McKee, P.
K. Bowies Jr. won from Harry Uoodall
by detault. C. P. Hubbard oeat« W. P.
Johnson, and the match between -F. ,-B.
stratum and P. £. Bowles ended In favor
of b\ S. Stratton. The four .who reacned
the semi-tlnal round were O. P. HubDara,
P. E. Bowles Jr..- P. S. Stratton and kl.
R. Kolger, all of whom will receive prizes.
C. P, Hubbard defeated P. E: Bowies Jr.
| and reached the final round. .. ; ¦• <
Eighteen holes of the Folger vs. Strat
ton match have been played, E. .R. Folger
Deing 'our up. The remaining eighteen
j holes will be played to-day, anu the wtn
i ncr will play against C. P. Hubbard in
the final round to-morrow. ¦" '
It Is understood that the San Rafael
Golf Olub lias been trying to secure the
services of Alec Smith, now at the Coro
nado links, brother of W. B. Smith, the
open champion of the United States, as
Instructor. The Western golfer, however.
Is authority for the statement ' that Alec
Smith will soon resume his work at the
\N ashington Park Club, where Fred Herd
and William Yoeman are also engaged.
Smith Is likely to Join the firm of Herd &
Yoeman. It Is said that the San Rafael
directors would : like to engage David
Stephenson, whose illness will not. permit
him to finish out his contract with the
San Francisco Golf Club in the harsh cli
mate at the Presidio. Stephcnson's con
tract binds him to' stay at the Presidio. till
September l, but the directors have given
him permission to leave on May 1. He
will visit various parts of the United
States, ultimately settling In whatever
climate suits his health. • The San Rafael
links are at present looking beautiful,
though the grass throughout the fair
green Is somewhat too long for 'the golf
ers. The course and greens are being put
into first-class order, and It is expected
there will be a great deal of play there
during the coming cummer. Among those
who have been practicing lately on the
links are J. Griffith, Carter P. Pomeroy,
H. P. Sonntag, J. J. Crooks and George
Heazelton. • . •.
John Duncan Dunn, tho golf profes
sional, son of Tom Dunn. ,and an agent
for the golf department of the Bridgeport
Gun Implement Company, visited the
Burlingame Country Club last Sunday as
the guest of Francis J. Carolan. Dunn
went round the course in 38, or two better
thun John Lawson's record score, not
withstanding the fact that. the fair green
was heavy from the recent rain and the
grass long, while the putting greens are
rough and uneven. Though he had never
been on the course before, his driving was
straight and long and his approaches ac
curate. On Monday Dunn and his father
in-law. H. Gaylord Wllshire. visited, the
San Rafael links as the guests of Mrs
Frederick ,H. Green. Last' Tuesday he
left for New Orleans and will thence re
turn to New York, v ¦ * . . .
In the tournament held March 7 on the
Coronado links between the professionals.
Willie Anderson and Horace Rawlihs of
the Oakland Golf Club, and Alexander
Smith, Instructor at the. Coronado links
Willie Anderson won. beating Rawlins by
six strokes and Alexander Smith: by .ten.
All the championship awards have now
been made by the executive committee of
the Southern California Golf 'Association
Mrs. J. W. Bowers of Garvanza won the
women's championship. Mrs. J. ; D. Foster
being second. Mrs. Hugh -W. Vail 'third
•and Miss Helen Healy fourth. The men's
championship was won by C.'E.Orr of
the Pasadena Country Club.C. E. Maud
of the Riverside Polo and Golf Club being
second, E. B. Tufts of the Los Angeles
Country Club third and >J. A. Brown of
the Hemet Golf Club fourth. . -
E. J. McCutchen of the San Francisco
Golf Club visited the links of the Los.An
geles Country Club on March 7. the first
day on which they were reopened after
the recent rains. The fair green Is in bet
ter condition than it has .been for a lontr
time. - .¦ : i :' -. -
TO PRESERVE
THE GAME BIRDS
OF THIS STATE
A Convention of Sportsmen
Called to Frame a New
Game Law.
At a meeting of the Board of Fish Com
missioners, held some days since, the
members determined to call a convention
of sportsmen to assemble in this city on
some day yet to be agreed upon for the
purpose of framing a new game law. The
manner of organizing the convention has
not'been determined. It Is expected the
Fish Commission will appoint a number of
delegates at large and will request the
Supervisors of the different counties each
to appoint two or more delegates.
-The courts have seriously impaired most
of the ordinances passed by County
Boards of Supervisors regarding game. To
correct this state of affairs it is necessary
that the next Legislature should make
some' radical change In the game laws.
The ,con%-ention will determine what
changes are necessary and will then en
deavor to have them adopted.
The officials of Marin County are re*
ported to be working on a new law which
will limit the quail season to two weeks
and the open 3eason for deer to one week.
The members of Lincoln Gun Club will
hold their last shoot at Alameda Point
to-morrow. Hereafter the regular shoots
of the club will be held on .Ingleside
grounds on the third Sunday of each
month. Five clubs, some of which pro
mote both'live^bird and bluerock shoot
ing, have arranged to shoot at Ingleside.
making the venture of the San Francisco
Trap Shooting Association an unqualified
success.
The officers of Olympic Gun Club have
made elaborate preparations for a high
jinks to-night in their clubhouse, Kearny
street and Union Square avenue. The en
tertainment will include a number of well
known singers and mimics in the choicest
bits in their repertoire.
The new officers of Union Gun Club are:
President. E. 3. Michelson; vice president.
Joseph Pisani; secretary treasurer, T. L.
Lewis, and captain, T. O. Fisher. The
first appearance of the members at the
traps this season will be made to-morrow
at the Ingleside grounds of San Fran
cisco Trap Shooting Association.
#-?-<*-?-<$>-*- <$¦-»-<B>-«-<£-»-<s—»-<»-#-^
dies out the brush, head and one of the
pads were presented to the master, F. J.
Carolan, and will-be mounted for the ken
nels. Peter Martin, Duncan Hayne and
E. D. Beylard each received one of the
pads. Among those who followed the
hounds were Francis J. Carolan; the hunt
servants. Keating and Johnson; Duncan
Hayne. C. Dunphy, Peter Martin, E. D.
Beylard, R. M. Tobln. Messrs. Parson and
Tracy and three or four others.
. T.o-day the meet will be at the Howard
woods at 4:15 p. m., near the Crystal
Springs road, and on Saturday, the 24th
inst.. at Wellesley Park. Redwood, where
J. Downey • Harvey will entertain the
members of the hunt at luncheon at 1
p. m. These fixtures are changes from the
programme as originally prepared.
TEIE sturdy young athletes of the high schools In Central California , forming the Academic Athletic the "220." In his preliminary work this season he has shown improved form, and much Is expected of him
League have been preparing for weeks for their annual spring field day," which will be held one v.-eek next Saturday. He Is a natural runner with a big, powerful stride, and gives promise of ranking with the
from to-day on Berkeley oval. The star among the sprinters last year was Stephen Asblll, who files great sprinters developed on this coast— Haley, Schifferstein, Drum and others. He is in splendid condi
the colors of Lowell High School. He won the classic "100" in 10 3-5 seconds, and also accounted for tlon for the work cut out for him next week.
STEPHEN ASBILL, LOWELL HIGH SCHOOL, FASTEST SPRINTER IN ACADEMIC ATHLETIC LEAGUE.
•alnted for The Call by C. Tebbs.
TIMELY GOSSIP
OF THE DOINGS
OF HORSEMEN
Fixing the Blame for Any In
jury Sustained Here by
Racing.
i r. n recrr.: : letter of Ed Corrigan to a
Cttcaeo friond. undoubtedly composed fo
r.ewsiwpcr publication, the big turfman
tries to show by his voluminous remarks
that racing in this State is gasping it*
lost. But te the same article he forgets
to rriyo himself any credit for this
f true of affaire, if such dors really exist.
tear nine-tenths of the people out this way
Predicted the death knell of the F port
v;ih his advent on the scene. Further.
Cvrripan says. "I" elevated the sport' to
a. higher plane by raising the value of
panem to $400 and doing away with the
entrance fee. Why should he not favor
higher purses? Who wtns the majority
cf them at Tanforan? In the limited time
lie has raced this season at the San Mateo
County course his stable winnings foot
i:p over $17,000. With outside capitalists
to furnish funds for the plant, on the
promise of glittering dividends. Corrigan
could have a race placed on the pro
gramme for a dilapidated-looking hack
horse and a $400 purse hung up for the same.
Other owners with fair horses are com
pelled to take what Is given them, eking
out a miserable existence. For abolish
ing the entrance fee the Hawthorne turf
man is entitled to credit, but he should
remember that when Thomas H. Williams
Jr. took hold of the game an attendance
of 500 was considered a vast throng.
V.'hlle pretending to have the Interests
ol the game so much at heart Corrican
at the same time indulged in a bit of
knocking." He picks the Burns winner.
imperious, all to pieces by saying the
gelding "Is entered in a selling race here
to-day to be sold for J3OO. and It Is doubt
ful In my mind If three or four other
flegs don t beat him for the money; but
bs the management caters to that class
ot ncrses instead of such horses as Ban-
Jicckburn, Geyser. Zoroaster and others
of that claBS they have no one to. blame
for their rates being a grand fizzle only
them selves." To begin with, very few
considered the race a fizzle, unless" some
ol those who fajled to back the winner
ejid corrigan himself, who was not pres
ent. The weather on the day of the big
race was most unpropltlous. notwith
standing which an Immense concourse of
people viewed the race, and the opinion
jvas freely expressed that had the day
been fair 10.000 persons would have at
tended. And this In the face of "racing
being on the ragged edge." In catering
to high-class horses does the Hawthorne
»f rremaa not know that Willie Shields
picked up Zoroaster for $200? Has it
passed his recollection that Salvable was
S nte ,^? to . a P^e *t Ingleside to be noJd
lor $500 and afterward captured the Mont
gomery handicap and other classic events?
In any race over a mile or possibly s&ven
furlongs Geyser Is only a cheap plater
Bar.nockburn went amiss, which was no
fault of the California. Jockey Club man-
Jngleside track remains closed because
the city fathers do not»admire Corrlgaa or
his methods, and his avowed intentions of
journeying to England were hailed with
delight by all true lovers of racing this
Bide of the Rockies. As yet the writer
lias not heard of Corrigan getting a li
cense, from the Jockey Club, in which
case he may not be received with open
arms by our British brethren. The moral*
of the turf Is very high on the other Mdc
of the pond, and the stewards of the Eng
lish turf may take cognizance of the
American Jockey Club action.
The writer bears only the kindliest re
card and affection for the burly horse
man, for he once told me to my face
that he supposed If he had done the right
thing he would have taken a shotgun and
blown my head off. And It Is dollars to
doughnuts that he would have rested th?
shotgun on some friendly stone wall, for
his underhanded tactics would Indicate
that he was averse to taking an even
break. Perhaps -this last note may furnish
pome material for the dullard whose fan
tastic and nonsensical horse gossip In the
columns of an evening paper furnishes
laughing Etock for a half-hundred wood
en-headed turfites.
Two decisions rendered at Tanforan th«
past week have given the gossips much
food or comment— why bets were de
clared off on the Torlblo race, and wher<*
the foul occurred which caused Ella Bo
land to be disqualified. The bookmakers
give a very plausible reason, but the pub
lic is kept in Ignorance. By suspending
Buchanan for his ride on May w the
Judges evidently believed fraud existed,
still bets on that race' were not declared
oft". This consistency on the part of turf
officials has a marked tendency to
strengthen the game. One day last spiln,?
when the exiled and now defunct Pacific
Coast Jockey Club borrowed the Oakland
track, to- the great sorrow of the Califor
nia Jockey Club. Pat Morrissey was dis
qualified for beating Adolph SpreckeU,
the latter owned by Corrigan. Pat did
nothing but collide with the atmosphere
from etart to finish, stepping the mils la
1:40*4, still the race was taken away from
him by Judge Smith. The latter. If mem
ory serves right, was clerk of the scales at
the time Beaconsfleld was disqualified
fome years ago at Sacramento, and * re
view of this notable race will be given
Shortly. F. E. MULHOLLAND.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 17,' * - 1 900.
v^"^ mw ¦ i ¦
I RUSSIAN 1
|CIGARETTESI
I With Mouthpiece I
Z Monopol Tobacco Works $
5
SPORTSEUREKA AND HER TRADE.
BY the annual report of the Board of Harbor
Commissioners on the imports and exports of
Eureka for the year 1890 a most excellent show
ing is made of the commercial activity of the port.
The increase in business over 1808 is Vjiotable. and
gives evidence of the growing prosperity not only of
Eureka itself, but N of all the region for which ' it
serves as an outlet and a commercial center.
The summary for the year 1898 was as follows:
Exports 123,006,025 feet lumber, valued at.... '..51,373,511 06
Other products 1,396,452 00
Total exports .$2,769,963 06
Imports 37,594 ?i tons merchandise and c0a1.... 1,625,735 00
Excess of exports over imp0rt5.............. $1,144,228 06
The summary for 1899 stands thus:
Exports 156,901,198 feet lumber, valued at.... .$2104,778
Other products, valued at 1,917,175
Total value of exports ...........:. ...$¦} ,021,953
Imports 37,594% tons merchandise and coal.". 1625 725 00
iron, etc., valued at.. ..$1,984,393
Excess of exports over imp0rt5; .. ........... i.52,037,560i .$2,037,560
It will be seen there is a very gratifying increase in
every important particular. It is to be borne in mind,
moreover, that the resources of the rich area of coun
try ..tributary to Eureka have hardly been exploited.
The development of that Section of the State is. in ,\ the
future. Much has been done, of course, but more re
mains to be done. When : Eureka is supplied ¦with
abundant railway facilities to reach the region back
from the coast" and to connect with- the >: main trunk
lines of the State, and has freight rates sufficiently
moderate to give her. merchants a chance to handle the
trade that will spring up in that sectiorii. the: city, will
become one of the busiest on the coast, and Eureka
will rank among the most important of our ports.
Luxuriant hair with its youthful color assurad
by using Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hinder-corns. th<» best cure for. corns. 13 ct». j
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DIFFERENCE IN TlME— Subscriber.
City. The difference in time between San
Francisco and Denver, Colo., is one hour
and eighteen minutes, and between San
Francisco and New York it Is three hours
and thirteen minutes.
THE NINETEENTH— A. O. S., City.
This correspondent ' asks for a short an
swer as to the century, and the shortest
that can be given is, this is the nine
teenth. ¦ ...
PROPHETIC— W. R., City. This depart
ment, not laying claim to being able to
foretell events, cannot say if this corre
spondent is correct in the prognostication
that "the South African republic will be
ELOQUENT TRIBUTE
TO THE FLAG.
AN audience representative of the
.character, patriotism . and intelll
gence of the Middle" West heard
General W. H. L. Barnes speak at
the Union League of Chicago on the
occasion of the recent Washington
birthday banquet. In closing his
address the orator paid a tribute
to - the flag in words that ; Inspired
his hearers to the greatest enthusi
asm. .The oratory, brought men to
their feet and kept them cheering
for a good five minutes.
The sentiments which evoked the
applause were:
To ': the true American the na
tlonal ensign has the same meaning
whether its white stripes stiffen .
under the pale coruscations of the
,Arctic aurora or Its red bands blush
a deeper crimson beneath the pas
' siqnate kisses of an equatorial sun.
ITo him, wherever, it is borne, from
State to Territory, from continent
' to archipelago, from ' the : fields of '
commerce to those of battle, from
the bright day, of prosperity to the
darkness of an adverse night, under
sun or stars, it speaks a single lan
guage and utters a solitary prophe-
;cy. .As ;to' the rapt vision of Con-
I stantine there shone in' the heavens
the sacred emblem ,of humanity's '
redemption and ';* above ¦• it a sure
'promise of victory in its name, as
Vto the far-away , watchers of Na-'
* tal's beleaguered city the electric
chlrography of science wrote in daz
zling s characters V upon the • clouds
V that ¦ lowered above it the inspiring,
/message that all was yet well with
those who ; waited ! within its well-
I defended trenches for the music of
the ' bugles • and the cannon of the
¦ delivering : hosts jof England, '. so to
i the ' true American his flag is - the
.perpetual - symbol of his ;•;> abiding
faith in the ultimate triumph of
* liberty, ; Justice, /'religion and. the
: " pursuit of happiness and an unfail
ing assurance that all la and shall
-be ; forever well wherever it is
found."
Personally Conducted. Excursions
In Improved wide-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
rleeplng cars via Santa Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look alter tjpe welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas .City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every . Wednesday. To St. Louia
every Sunday. To St. Paul -every Sunday and
Friday. .Ticket office. .£23 Market street.
Independent states, that Queen Victoria
will die during the present struggle and
that the English language will be the of
ficial language of the South African re
public." -
LAND QUESTIONS— H. M. M.. Willows.
Cal. If Brown should take up ISO acres of
Government land under the homestead act
and sell that land to Smith before he
(Brown) receives his title or patent-there
for from the United States. Smith, the
purchaser, would have to homestead the
land before receiving title or patent for
the same. In such a case Brown would
not forfeit his right to locate another 160
acres in another part of the country.
AN" ACQUIRED RIGHT— A., Emery
ville, Cal. If rxn individual secures a piece
of Government land and builds a private
road over the property of another, with
his consent, allowing: him to place gates
. up ?. n ,i he same to kee P m nis stock, that
individual at the end of five years' resi
dence on the land and continuous U3e of
% road cains a right of way. theieon.
and that right of way would, be vaild to
any subsequent purchaser.
Wherever he went a revival was expect
ed, and songs were sung and prayers were
offered for the sins of men.
My deer sir. when you speak so dlscour
agingly of the condition of Methodism.
do you take due account of the times?
Manners and customs have changed. The
itineracy, a masterly scheme to use un
educated men who exhausted all their
resources ln a year, is now practically
abolished, if even nominally retained.
Revivalism, as a method of religious in
fluence, is out of date. The bulk of men
are not converted according- to the-an
cient phrase, but they are led on through
an unfolding experience which, to the re
vivalist, pure and simple, seems stupid,
dull and indifferent. In view of this great
moral and spiritual fact, are you not a
little severe upon your Methodist breth
ren, lay and cleric? Men do not rise now
to tell their private religious experience
as if they themselves had been the par
ticular objects of divine care; and the
conviction that character is destiny is
more influential with them than figures of
sensuous suffering.
I'm inclined to think, my dear sir, that
Methodism is not dead, nor has it lost its
energy. It has only changed its methods,
but it is still Methodism, a way of doing
it that has divine sanctions that keep
time with the progress of the mind of
man. With sincere respect, I am, yours
very truly,
San Francisco, March 15, 1300.
constant outdoor exercise, the Boers' have practical
freedom from the diseases due to alcoholism and vice.
-They are ' not total abstainers, but they are remark
ably sober and drunkenness is rare among . them.
Equally important from the health point of view is
the fact that the Boer is essentially a moral man. .On
the other hand, how often are British soldiers pun
ished for drunkenness and invalided through their
vices. Not only is almost every Boer physically fit to
take the field and fight for. his country/ but ; he is a
stronger, healthier and bigger man than even those
who have beenselected by medical examination as fit
to serve in the British army." '
The Lancet argues that the British people who live
in the country are much superior to those of the cities:
"The • efforts of legislation and of • philanthropy
should be directed; first, to the endeavor to get as
large a section of the population as possible back on to
the land. : Second, we should strive to make town life
as similar to country. life as is possible. Therefore our
streets should be as broad and bur houses surrounded
with as much open space as circumstances wiUadmit.
All accumulations of filth which corrupt the" atmos
phere of towns should be removed with the utmost
celerity and means of. communication should be so
multiplied and reduced in cost as to enable townsfolk
to enjoy the maximum of exercise in the open coun
try. ' If we must fight for our empire such measures
are indispensable."
These are big suggestions, and if the Boers do nothi
ing else they can at least have the satisfaction of know
ing they have taught the^ British some lessons, it will
take them a" long time' to digest and "put into practice."
ROLLA V. WATT, Esq.— My Dear
Sir: My attention was called to
your forcible remarks on Method
ism and some of its present as
pects, reported in The Call of
the 13th. Tour frank, outspoken and
public style justifies me, or any citizen,
in addressing you a note equally public
lf^ot as forcible. What I have to say Is
with. sincere respect for yourself and the
largo I and Influential body 'that you rep
resent* ¦' *^"\X^"^~ ¦ '.
My early associations were with Meth
££ m i' n ™ c f. r « eat * Wes l ey an Academy
w^ ™ y # n fu tIVe tcrwn - That academy
in ft, rfJV °/h/ h the t u mo , s > influential schools.
«hLlf r, y> tha . t , the Methodists ever cher-
Nnr?h JJ q 3 P .H. plls S an \ c trom far a °d near,
North, South and West. The principal
or head master of the academy, was the
distinguished Wilbur Fiske afterward
i ft vn w r> ,J, J beli tr e ' and am preridSt S
the Wesleyan University at Mlddletown
nt'SSFf'tii 1 - .Wilbur Plske w«TS
hLS yy ™ athers hh f O}^ e ' and J nav * a child
hood memory of his presence, and when
on his way to Middletown to estabUsh
the new university there he called to pay
toms. Its annual revivals, camp meetings
v^nf 8 pray . c1 ?' The late P Abel sfl:
««Sl'. * Bpent hla last da y* amld the
walks and groves of San Jose, was an
interesting character to me in my child
d " a c as l hen a pu P n ln th e a cad
emj, and when he came across the moun
tains, a three or five . mile walk, to
P m e n a r°JL < ? n aun^y morning he mate great
i mp . I n *' n *1 P leasa nt morning in
=t,?i c he l f. t l ood ln free and easy undress
y ,iH p v wh i te »v. as . a P'seon whose wings
could beat the air on heavenward way
or flutter down to earth where "idle
warblers roam." As his heart melted in
prayer or his eyes were lifted toward
heaven women wept and men shouted
amen. '-
# My r ar ,. slr> OU "Peak dlscouragingly
of Methodism here. I have nothing to
say of the specific facts of which you
speak,' but Methodism has been and is a
great religious power ln our country.
You know its origin, you know its course.
Are you right in your ' complaint or do
you mistake the times?
Methodism arose in John Wesley's con
viction of the spiritual lethargy of the
Church of England. He had no idea of
disruption in that church, but only' to re
vive its declining power. His idea of re
vival, however, failed and he went out
into the open field of the common heart
to apply new methods for the salvation of
men. This gave the name Methodism,
which was ridiculed and sneered at, and
the witty and sarcastic Sidney Smith
called the disciples of Wesley "consecrat
ed cobblers."
Probably there never has been a -scheme
of religious propagandlsm devised so In
fluential, so adapted to the common want
of the time, that could make meager
equipment go so far as the itinerant sys
tem of the ministry. The early convert
was made a preacher, and he could walk
or ride wherever he was sent, to village
or open grove or borders of the wilder
ness, and his muscle was as hard as the
leather of the saddle in which ho rode.
SATURDAY MARCH 17, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addrets All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PIHLICATIO.\ OFFICE. .Mnrkct and Third. S. F.
Telrphone Main ISUS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. . ..217 to 221 Stevennon St.
Trlrpbone Main XS74.
DrliTered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc.
Mnscle Copfrn, 5 Cent*.
Terms l»y Mail, Including Pontaaret
PAILT CALL (including Sunday), one year $6.00
PAILT CALL. <lnclu<Jlr.* Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 3 months 1..V)
PAILT CALL— By Single Month.' 65c
FI'NItAY CALL One Tear 1.50
WKEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All poaf master* are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
O\KI,A.\D OFFICE.. 1118 Broad-tray
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
XEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
JTEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribuno Building
' CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. New» Co.; Great Northern Eotcl;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Erentaao. SI Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
nn A VOH OFFICES — sr: Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o" clock. 300 Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock. 639
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1090
Valencia, open until » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until
9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until 8 o'clock.
GREAT BRITAIN'S MISTAKE.
WE have, heretofore quoted Mr. Blame's views
on the forcible annexation of territory. They
are the views of a statesman and a student of
the world's history and affairs, and therefore they ap
ply to the conditions of which they treated wherever
such conditions exist, and under whatever form of
government. The war between Chile and Peru arose
ever diplomatic disagreements. Chile prosecuted it
with vigor and overcame the feeble arms of Peru.
When she had won victory she did not propose to
stop with the triumphant affirmation of her diplo
matic claims, but insisted up.on taking over Peruvian
territory as a conquest. Peru, being weak, in this
strait appealed to the United States to intervene
against her forcible dismemberment. Mr. Blame was
Secretary of State, and his views were communicated
officially to the two Governments through General
Kilpatrick. We "quote from a volume of the "Politi
cal Discussions, Legislative, Diplomatic and Popu
lar," copyrighted by Mr. Blame and published in
iSSr. pp. 359-36 i: "Without entering upon any dis
cussion as to the causes of the late war between Chile
on one side and Peru and Bolivia on the other, this
Government recognizes the right which the successful
conduct of that war confers upon Chile, and in so
doing I will not undertake to estimate the extent to
which the Chilean Government has the right to carry
its calculation of the indemnities to which it is en
titled, nor the security for the future which its inter
ests may seem to require. But if the Chilean Govern
ment, as its representatives have declared, seek only
a guarantee of future peace, it would seem natural that
Peru and Bolivia should be allowed to offer such in
demnity and guarantee before the annexation of ter
ritory, which is the right of conquest, is insisted upon.
If these powers fail to offer what is a reasonably suffi
cient indemnity and guarantee, then it becomes a fair
subject of consideration whether such territory may
not be exacted as'the necessary price of peace. But
at the conclusion of a war avowedly not of conquest,
but for the solution of difficulties which diplomacy
bad failed to settle, to make the acquisition of terri
tory a sine qua non of peace is calculated to cast sus
picions on the professions with which war was origin
ally declared. It may very' well be that at the termi
nation of such a contest the changed condition and
relation of all the parties to it may make readjustment
of boundaries or territorial changes wise as well as
necessary. But this, when the war is not one of con
quest, should be the result of negotiation and not the
absolute preliminary condition on which alone the
victor consents to negotiate. At this day, when the
right of the people to govern themselves, the funda
mental basis of republican institutions, is so widely
recognized, nothing is more difficult or more danger
ous than the forced transfer of territory, carrying
with it a hostile and indignant population, and noth
ing but a necessity proven before the world can jus
tify it It is not a case in which the power desiring
the territory can be accepted as a safe or impartial
judge."
The exact application of this to the situation in
South Africa is as plain as its statesmanship is indis
putable. The issue between Great Britain and the
Transvaal did not involve conquest. The questions
raised, which diplomacy failed to settle, were far
afield from any suggestion of a change of sovereignty
or destruction of republican government, to substi
tute therefor an imperial monarchy. If Mr. Blame
were alive now and discussing the existing situation he
could describe it in no different terms, nor apply to
it any other principles.
As we have heretofore admitted, his statement ap
plies also as a rebuke to his own country and a warn
ing against expansion by conquest, in which the
United States is imitating England.
We think that any unprejudiced American will ad
mit that the peace of the world would be more secure,
the safety of nations more assured, and the happiness
of peoples advanced and safeguarded, if the just and
profoundly statesmanlike ideas of Mr. Blame were
made the international rule.
Those who believe in the rights of man, wherever
they may be, are startled and shocked by the attitude
of Great Britain and her proposed destruction of re
publican government in Africa. It is a dangerously
reactionary policy, especially when taken in connec
tion with the new attitude of the United States.
All monarchies are interested in the suppression of
republican institutions, and though as liberal a con
stitutional Government as that of England appears as
their destrpyer, absolutism and the divine right of
sovereignty are encouraged and strengthened.
Looking into the future it may be expected that de
struction of the South African republics will give an
impetus to autocracy, against which there will follow
revolution on a scale as great as the uprisings which
preceded and followed the Napoleonic wars.
Friends of freedom had supposed that their battle
was won, and that the ideas which form the structure
of popular government were thenceforth to make their
way in all lands.
But the designs of Great Britain practically re
verse the progress of a century, and may make neces
sary the renewal of a battle that was believed to be
won forever.
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points: '
FROM SEATTLE ...:s. S. "BERTHA." ; commenclnje April Stk
AND MONTHLT THEREAFTER. BtU "*
XA F S>MM^C^ &^^ «* to Ai **
Ft* MO. «U««. .pp., f CAW. JAS. CARROLL. MuUul Uf. Bui^ S~tt*W.* >
FOR NOME DIRECT:
mOM SAN FRANCISCO 3.3. "FORTIAANiy.. April M. MOB
FROM SEATTLE ; „.. 3. a "DORA" April £* »M
i.OM SAN FRANCISCO g. g. "RAINIER" ..M*j Ifc I**
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL. AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM BAA- FRANCISCO .......S. 8. "ST. PAUL." Ma, *t*
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...P-0R...
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
From the number of complaints, protests and peti
tions that are being presented against the gentle in
activity of the Commissioners of Public Works the
people of the city must have come to the conclusion
that while the board is rightly named, its works are
altogether too coarse.
The unfortunate monkey who gave up his life to the
great cause of municipal politics had at least one satis
faction in life and one consolation in death. He
wasn't near the monkey the interesting gentlemen
who murdered him made of themselves in a mistaken
cause. ? '?;-"
Some worthy citizens of Marysville are circulating
a subscription list to raise funds for the erection of a
woolen mill in that town. It seems strange that an
appeal to old love has not been made and the paper
hanoed to his Excellency the Governor.
The experts on Jying seem to have a distinct ad
vantage in the Fair case over the experts on hand
writing in the fact that they occupy a prominent place
on both sides of the case and are received with mutual
indulgence.
The recent pugilistic fiasco and fraud indicates some
v. hat clearly that if all the people cannot be fooled all
the time a great many of them like to be fooled most
of the time.
• ¦ »
Bryan has his innings now and can harangue and
harass the public wherever he chooses, but on election
day the people will get even with him. ¦ .
If a fire requires blowing to give it a
good start it will be found that blowing
down into the flames .makes it burn up
more brightly and quickly than if blown
from underneath. . . -; v"-V:-
If yoa suffer from looseness of the bowela.
Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters will surely cur*
you.
THE BRITISH AND THEIR ARMY.
IX3AISER. WILLIAM is hardly more eager for
t\ an increase of the German navy than some
* *V British jingoes are for an increase of the British
army. War is clearly one of the things in which appe
tite grows by that it feeds on. About the only moral
the jingoes draw from the contest in South Africa is
that the empire needs a larger military force and that
it will conduce lo the welfare of the British people to
furnish it. - .
The sanguine optimists who believe that whatever is
is right have long since reached the conviction that a
public debt is a public blessing and they are now about
to add the further dogma that a general conscription
of young men for a three years' term of service in the
army would also be a blessing.
The argument is one. which has long been current
in Germany and in France. It is to the effect that,
while universal conscription withdraws young men
from industrial pursuits at the age when' they are best
fitted to acquire trades or professions and form
habits of thrift, there are compensating gains in the
moral. and physical improvement due to discipline,
drill and regular habits. It is asserted by way of proof
that with her huge army Germany has managed to
advance industrially and to become a strong competi
tor with Great Britain in the commerce of the world,
while at the same time improving the health and the
physique of her population.
The London Lancet; however, has drawn from ths
war the "conclusion that something more than , drill
must be done to buildup the stature and the stamina
of the British race. It attributes the early successes of
the Boers largely to the strength, agility and hardiness
of the race, nearly all of whose men .and women are
employed during the whole course. of their lives in
health-giving occupation.; Moreover 1 it says:
"But apart from the flesh and bone, the' big, strong
¦ frames and the hard muscles, developed by the healthy,.
The electrical display of the United
States at the Paris Exposition will show
the complete history of electrical engi-
neering of the nineteenth century.
Special information supplied' dally t?
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Large variety of nut taffies. Townsend's.*
Townsend's CaL glace fruits. 60c Ib. fn
fire-etched boxes.' 639 Market st.. Palace.*
PHELANISM TO THE SURFACE.
Petaluma Argus.
The great reforms and wonderful things
promised the city of San Francisco by
Mayor Phelan under the new charter do
not materialize very rapidly. The new
government had scarcely started before
they had the biggest kind of a police
scandal as the result of Phelan's actions
and pre-election pledges. Ever since then
the corruption pot has been boiling, the
Health Board has been on the gridiron
and the pure essence of Phelan dema
gogy has been coming to the. surface.
The good people are beginning to sea
through the veil Phelan has been throw
ing over their eyes for four or five years.
If the dtv were to hold an election to
day the majority against Phelan would
be 10.000. . The political demagogue needs
watching. . . -
THE SCAVENGER CART NUISANCE.
STRAINING at a gnat while swallowing a camel
is what the Board of Health is doing with
noisy energy. It has made and is making a
•uge splutter over the process of cleansing China
town because one of. the denizens of that section died
of a loathsome disease, but it permits scavenger carts
carrying the refuse of the city to pass through the
most thronged of our thoroughfares in the busiest
hcurs of the day, scattering the germs of disease in the
atmosphere and menacing the city with a genuine
A considerable part of the refuse carried away in
the carts is of course free from disease germs. When
dust of ashes or house and shop sweepings is blown
cut into the air, or when the swill from the barrels
is splashed out upon the streets, there results an
offensive nuisance, but it is not directly dangerous to
health. Mixed with that mass, however, is the refuse
from hospitals and sick chambers, and witji that there
are always germs of disease. Modern science has
pi oven that a large number of the most dangerous
di>eases known to civilized races are propagated by
perms that can be carried by the air. When these
germs are breathed into the lungs they develop rap
idly and not infrequently produce widespread pesti
lences, bringing hundreds of victims to the grave.
In all well regulated cities wise precautions are ob
served in the removal of garbage, and the carts which
carry it are not permitted to traverse crowded streets
during the hours when business is carried on. A
similar rule should be provided and enforced in this
city. It is safe to say the health of San Francisco is
far more endangered by the scavenger cart nuisance
than by the alleged plague in Chinatown, and yet the
Board of Health makes no effort to suppress it.
The Call directs attention to this evil in order that
public opinion may force the authorities to take steps
to put an end to it. There is no reason whatever why
there should not be enforced here regulations on the
fubject similar to those which have proven so effi
cacious elsewhere. The reform will not require the
expenditure of a large additional sum of money, for
" the carts which now haul the refuse by day could just
as economically haul it after business hours. It is
therefore a reform which can be effected without in
creasing the deficiency in the treasury, and yet would
be of incalculable advantage to the community.
REV. MR. SHELDON'S CHRISTIAN DAILY
?
California Editors Consider It a Huge Advertising Scheme' and a
Flat Failure as a Newspaper.
SACRAMENTO BEE.
. It is a magnificent advertisement for the Capital, and also for Rev. Charles
M. Sheldon, and is about as blasphemous a piece of fake work In the name of
Christ' as history has recorded. If Christ were on earth he would not be found
editing the Topeka Capital or any other Journal. He would have all he could at
tend to— would, in fact, have to work overtime— ln driving mountebanks out of tha
pulpit.' - • "¦:»>' :?/,-:<:,;;
SACRAMENTO RECORD-UNION.
The whole business is a fraud and a cheat, and after all possible charity is ex
pended for it and the methods to be employed are honestly debated the sound
mind must come back to the conclusion that it is a sharp, shrewd and unconscion- ¦
able advertising trick— a trick that is going to take some hundreds of thousands of ¦
dollars out of the pockets of dupes without any fair consideration in return.
NAPA REGISTER.
The week will end on the 20th and then the Capital will resume business un
der its old management, the circulation will drop back- to something like a
permanent point and the subscribers will be able to tell how they like it— with
or without Mr. Sheldon, whose book ought to sell pretty well now.
MARTSVILLE APPEAL.
Of courso the proprietors give the reverend gentleman ) the control of th©
journal more as an advertisement r than sentiment. The mention of the venture
in more than eight thousand newspapers will give tho Capital a class of ad
vertising valued at thousands of dollars.
WOODLAND DEMOCRAT.
The assumption. that one man may read all news and blue pencil all save that
which he deems it safe for the general public to read is supremely ridiculous.
Mr. Sheldon's ideals are visionary and impracticable, and if persisted In would
swamp the Capital in less than six months.
SANf A ROSA PRESS-DEMOCRAT.
If the "Sheldon edition" should be made a permanent thing the paper would
not have five hundred subscribers at the end of three months and the doors
would be closed and padlocked— unless, of course, something miraculous should
occur, and j with Mr. Sheldon at the helm this could hardly be expected.
STOCKTON MAIL.
The Topeka Capital In Sheldon's hands is merely a religious weekly Vf the
straitest sort, expanded into a daily for the occasion. Were It not a money-mak
ing proposition for the interests Mr. Sheldon has at heart it would be a mere
piece of meaningless nonsense. •• • -,- - ;•_-'
SANTA BARBARA PRESS.
"Whether or not the effort will redound to the good of Christianity, It Is surely
proving a very valuable advertisemant for both Mr. Sheldon's writings and for the
Topeka Capital. * ...
* VISALIA DELTA. >v^
The whole thing Is a monumental advertising scheme, ¦which, from a business
standpoint, is all right. But from a religious standpoint It Is a sad mistake.
AUCTION SALES.
By T. McDonald— This day. at 11 a. m.. 2 and 7 p. m ,
Japanese and Chinese Curios, at S\V. corner Geary and Stock-
tun streets.
Hordes-Monday, March 19, at 11 o'clock, at 162S Market St.
By Sullivan & Doyle — Tuesday, March 20, Horses, at
Twelfth and Mission streets.
SUPERVISION OF TELEPHONES.
WE have several times directed attention to the
struggle now going on in Massachusetts to
establish a State supervision over telephone
companies, and now revert to the' subject for the pur
pose of pointing' out the well-nigh universal'senti
ment of the people of the State in favor of the pro
posed reform. ,
In a report of the proceedings of a single day of
the hearings before the committee having charge of
the issue, the Boston Globe states that among those
who appeared in support of the measure were repre
sentatives of the State Board of Trade, of the Boston
Chamber of Commerce,. of the Fruit and Produce
Exchange of Boston, and delegates representing the
citizens of Cambridge, Lexington," East Bridgewater
and Quincy. Among the petitions urging the pass
age of the proposed act was one signed by more than
1800 firms in Boston alone.
The speeches of the advocates, of the people
affirmed an almost unanimous sentiment in favor of
supervision. Ex-Senator Dallinger of Cambridge
said:
The business men of Massachusetts are in favor of
and have gone on record in favor of State supervision of
these corporations. Professional men everywhere have
come forward In Its support. Just grievances have
caused this movement for supervision. I have yet to
talk with a business man of Boston who holds no
stock in tha New England or Massachusetts com
panies who has not expressed himself as heartily in
favor of the bill before this committee. It is favored
especially, I would add, by smaller business men, to
whom $50 a year for a telephone means much. That
there is great demand for this cannot be doubted. There
are some business men of standing present here who
will testify to that demand. . .
Other speakers were not less emphatic. Thus the
report goes on to the effect that ex-Mayor Hall of
Cambridge said:
"The undoubted tendency of the times is to protect the
public against quasi-public corporations, who either do
not or will not give full statements of profits to the pub
lic. For years these corporations have received greatest
benefits and privileges without giving either to the cities
or the people anything like an adequate return. 4 The
people of Massachusetts are to-day paying telephone
rates that are exorbitant and unreasonable. There is a
necessity for charging the situation and I believe this
bill before the committee is a good one. The sentiment
of the business men is with it." ' -. . •
Ex-Representative Mead of Lexington was strongly
in favor of the proposition. At present the telephone
companies do what they please with tho business men
and everybody else. There is no right of appeal.
Harris S. Bean, a director in the Chamber of Com
merce, emphatically urged the passage of the bill. To
his mind it was only fair and just. If the business men
of Boston did not know they were paying such exorbi
tant rates as they are they might not feel the injustice
so keenly. But they do know It, and they know that
other cities in the West and elsewhere are getting bet
ter and cheaper rates.
Sidney L. Burr, a director of the Fruit and Produce
Exchange and member of the Chamber of Commerce,
followed with a brief statement in favor of the bill. The
business iren of Boston were absolutely under the
thumb of the telephone company" andmust bow to the
dictates of that company absolutely without right of
appeal. Mr. Burr said the rate 3 charged were eminently
unfair. State supervision had become imperative.
It is not worth while to quote more from the
speakers showing the sentiment of the people of
Massachusetts. These. are sufficient -to prove the
widespread demand for supervision. It is to be noted
that Boston protests because her merchants have to
pay $50 a year for telephone service. The charges
made upon the merchants of San Francisco are much
in excess of that. If, then, according to the state
ments of the speakers quoted, some form of super
vision over telephone companies is imperative in
Massachusetts to protect the rights of the public, it
is surely not less imperative here.
V HORATIO STEBBINS.
THE' SAIST FEAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 17, 1900.
OPEN LETTER TO ROLLA V. WATT ON METHODISM
.;" The Fruitvale woman who found. a rifle more per
suasive- in argument than her tongue probably* does,
not belong to the new woman brigade.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Operahouse— ""The Girl From ParU."
Grani Opera -house— Concert Tuesday afternoon. March 20.
Columbia— "'Because She Loved Him So."
Calif ornia— "The Brownies ln Fairyland."
Tlvoll— "The Idol's Eye."
Alcazar— "Xever Aentn."
Alhambra— "Have You Seen Smith/*
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano recital this afternoon.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenirg.
Olympia. corner of Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
WVftern Turf Association — Races to-day.
6
REV. HORATIO STEBBINS.St. Patrick's Day
Will be celebrated In a fitting manner by tak
ln* dinner at Zlnkaod'j. Good company; good
music; good eating. >„ ""'" - : * ;
For tan, freckles and blackheads Any vo
Theatrical Oold Cream has no equal. •
Look out for the page of
swell walking hats and Inter-
esting fnshion notes that will
appear in next Sunday's Call.
Insolvent Merchant and Miner.
Anton Rulfs, a merchant of, San, Fra
ncisco, filed a petition in the United States
District Court yesterday ; asking that he
be declared an insolvent. His liabilities
are $5414 42. He has no assets. Alfred H.
Fitch miner, of Santa Cruz, filed a simi
lar petition, . with liabilities . stated at
$2791 16, and no assets. <
CHUTESAND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-NIGHT—
AFTER THE VAUDEVILLE.
CAKEWALK CONTEST !
COFTIS AND FROST vm. BARXET AND
BEATTT.
THE STEWARTS vs. THF. BARTONS. . ,
AND OTHERS.
to-morrow, Balloon ascension.
B«aerve seat* by telephone— Park 2J^ .
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FIFTH MEETING, Men. 12 to 24. Inclusive.
Six hlßh-cla«« running races every week day,
rain or ehlne, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars into
a superb grand stand. glass-Inclosed, where,
comfortably housed In bad weather, they can
tnloy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
«:00 10:49 and ll:30'a. m. and 12:13. 12:35, 12:60
and 1:23 p. m.. returning Immediately after
la*t race at 4:45 p. m. Seats In rear cars re-
served for women and their escorts. No smok-
ing Valencia street. 10 minutes later.
San Jose and Way Stations— Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4 45 P- m - < •
RATES— San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admlsalon ¦to track. $1.23.
turn, mci » } MARTINi p,™,.,^
F. B. GREEN, Secretary and Manager.
. . ibis i^M i<MMTTil«^tn Bti'f tTWl^l— M^H^^rMl dH^Mff
Thieves on the Logan.
Thieves held revel on the transport
Logan during her last voyage here, with
the result that the quartermaster's stores
aboard were ¦ robbed of all the -choice
brands "of cigars, cigarettes and tobacco,
besides dorens of Apollinaris and ginger
ale ' The thieves have not been round,
but the loss was of such proportions that
It was found necessary to appoint a board
of survey to examine into ' : the case "and
fix the responsibility for the loss. 1
'Acting Assistant Surgeons : John M.
Lowery. Emilio F.;Cabada and George
L Porter have been added to the list of
acting assistant surgeons to go on the
Meade to-day. ?^£3S3ISSHbSSm
Standard Optical Co.. 217 Kearny st.. leading
opticians. " .'All work guaranteed: prices low. •
NEW CAFE AND GRILL
WIL' SOON BE OPENED
•When Breuss' cafe, grill, bakery and
lunch rooms -are opened to, the public on
Saturday, night- the public will have an
opportunity , of- seeing what a genuine
modern restaurant and grill ! is. Breuss'
cafe is located at 70 Third street. In the
fitting and furnishing no expense has
been, spared. '
Lighted by myriads of Incandescent
lamps, with mirror reflections to heighten
the : illumination, the interior is s one of
the most attractive dining places in San
Francisco. Everything Is of the j newest
and latest pattern and the service will be
equal to the famous grills of this city.
Breuss' - will be Just the place for sup
pers after the theater, as well as lunches
and dinners. ¦; A specialty will be the cof
fee,' roasted by an electrical apparatus
in the restaurant. Besides ' catering to
the patrons of the grill Breuss will sup
ply parties and. weddings at short notice.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
LAST 2 DAYS: LAST 2 DAYSt
NORRIS & HOWE'S BIG TRAINED
ANIMAL SHOWS.
AN UNPRECEDENTED SUCCESS.
Thousands Delighted at Every Performance.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:SO.
TO-NIGHT AT 8:15.
LAST PERFORMANCES SUNDAY.
300-PERFORMING ANIMALS-300
BRING THE CHILDREN,
LAST 2 DAYS! LAST J DAYS'
PRICES-ADULTS. Xc: CHILDREN, 10c.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
A WHIRL OF FUN I
A JOLLY FRENCH FARCE.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c
NEXT WEEK— Elaborate Production.
"DIPLOMACY !"
SEATS NOW READY.
MRS. SIDDONS.
From an Original Painting by Gainsborough in the National Gallery.
it was, proved of doubtful advantage to
the debutante, for it induced Garrlck to
invite her to act at Drury Lane, where
her immaturity caused inevitable failure
and mortification. 11l dressed, frightened,
frequently inaudible, her Portia drew
down such unfavorable comment upon the
management that she was curtly and un
expectedly dismissed.
But the hereditary tendencies of four
generations of actors were not to be
downed by this sudden blight. With her
husband and two children Mrs. Sldilons
now returned to the provinces, where for
six years she played, chiefly at York ana
Bath. This perlcd of disciplinary training,
oftentimes necessitating disagreeable or
subordinate parts and dally exhaustive
journeys, caused her, nevertheless, con
stantly to rally her forces and make every
effort tell in reaching that higher plan 1 *
upon which she eventually stood as an
unsurpassed actress.
In I<S2 Mrs. Siddons received from tne
new management of Drury Lane an offer
of a three years' engagement. For the
sake of her three children she agreed to
reappear upon the stage from which she
had been so summarily dismissed. v< lth
many misgivings lest her voice might not
prove strong enough to efface the impres
sions of her former failure, she dragged
through a memorable fortnight of nervous
rehearsals, and finally appeared with her
beautiful 8-year-old boy in Southarno j
tragedy of "Isabella." Her success. was
Instantaneous and indisputable, only sec
ond toGarrick's incomparable first night.
Garrlck had retired from the stage short
ly after acting as Shylock to Mrs. Slddons
discreditable Portia. Rumor said that her
early dismissal had been largely duo to
Garrick's irritation over her unintentional
blunder in making him act one of his fa
vorite passages with his back to the audl
'ence. a mortification which It was difficult
for the v«ten«i actor to brook. Mrs. Sid
dons always felt that he flattered her nn
duly only to dash her heavily downward.
He certainly did not discern in her early
unequal efforts the genius which was ta
make a triumph of her reappearance. .
¦ • Since tragedies were becoming Increas
ingly fashionable society lent its sanction
to the popular enthusiasm, and the tragic
actress became a social as well as a.his
trionic celebrity. Occasionally she essaye-J
comedy, but not with marked mirthful
ness. Tragedy. was more favorable to her
cast of powers, her extraordinary physical
endowments, her weird majesty, brlllir.nt
beauty and solemn dignity. So well were
these characteristics combined In her Im
personation of Lady Macbeth that CharW
Lamb said in his "Last Essays of, Ella":
"We speak of Lady Macbeth - while we ar»
in reality . thinking ; of Mrs. Slddonx."
While ' playing ' she permitted -no dlstrac
, tJon from the painf ulness -of the drama la
by the loss of husband, children and
friends: twenty-six of her friends dyln? In
six years left her restless and desolate.
The greatest blow was the death of her
eldest son. Henry, the proprietor of tha
Edinburgh Theater. Although her voice
was gone, and she said her sight was al
most washed away by tears, she deter
mined to devote the remainder of her life
to her son's widow and children. Before
her death in IS3I she was overjoyed at the
favorable reception given to her niece.
Fanny Kemble, whose performances she
watched with tears of joy running down
her face.
Throughout her long life of seventy-six
years she was sincere, industrious and
courageous, with an' unconquerable love
of truth which won her the Immediate
confidence of all with whom she came in
contact. Even the riotous mob around the
theater fell back when It heard the deep
voice of the dignified woman In the sedan
chair appealing: "Good people, let -me
pass. I am Sarah Siddons.
Sir Walter Scott. In responding to a
toast to this great actress and noble
spirited woman, gracefully voiced the at
titude of hi 3 contemporaries regarding her
charms.. After describing the usual strug
gle to secure tickets for her performances,
the breakfast near the theater, the day
long wait- outside and the hour's wait
within, after forcing a way through the
mob, he concluded by saying: "If any
thing could reconcile a man to old age It
would be the reflection of having seen the
rising as well as the setting sun of Mrs.
Siddons. Those young fellows." he reit
erated, "who have only -seen the setting
sun of the distinguished performer, beau
tiful and serene aa It was. must give na
old fellows who have seen It 3 rise leave
to hold our heads a little higher."
Courses of Instruction.
Spring Term. 1300.
Mondays: American . Political Parties.
Tuesdays: Twenty Lessons In French
Conversation and Recent Scientific Dis
coveries. -Wednesdays and Thursdays:
Golden Asres of Literature. Fridays:
Photography for Amateurs. Saturdays:
Biographical Studies for Girls. These
courses will continue until May 31. 1900.
Examinations will be held at their close
as a ba?ls for the granting of certificates.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL
MR. C. L. GRAFF Presents
LAST EXPLANATORY RECITAL
AT THE PIANO BY
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH
OS THE
WAGNER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
THIS AFTERNOON at 3:30
TRISTAN AND ISOLDE.
MADAME GADSKI
Will Sins Braniraene's "Warning Call,"
"Dreams" (a study) and
THE LIEBESTOD
Reserved Seats— sl 50. General Admission— JL
Now on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Mtfajß fifT^ift Mm Bm
"fora. May Hawkins Will Help Every
Woman Save a Drunkard.
A Trial Package of Her Marvelous
Home Treatment F R E E for the asking.
Any true woman might well be proud to hare
6ayed cne poor soul from the shackles of drink, but
Mrs.Hawkinshas redeemed thousands by bernoble
&nd practical work amon; those who have beca
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Saturday). March 17.
Parquet Ssc. any.eeat: Balcony 10c; Children
SPECIAL** ATTRACTIONS FOR CHILDREN
THIS AFTERNOON.
MR. and MRS. -SYDNEY DREW,
la the Amuslnit One-act Comedy. "IXJVE
VILL FIND A WAT."
HOWARD THURSTON: FLATOW and DUNN.
SMEDLEr SKETCH CLUB.
HAPPY FANNT FIELDS.
IMPERIAL MOORISH ACROBATS.
ANNA WHITNEY: NEWHOUSE and WARD:
THE FRANKS TRIO.
STOCK COMPANY PLAYERS WHO KISS UNDER PROTEST.
TIEY never speak as they pass by," Is an old song 1 , but it has been resur
rected by some of the members of the Alcazar stock company, and has
even found favor among Thespians and others who are initiated. "They"
in this instance are Miss May Blayney and Howard Scott, leading lights
In the happy (?) family now entertaining theatergoers at the popular local
playhouse. It is a sad story, but it must be told as a lesson to others.
'When Miss Blayney joined the stock company her charming manner and
winsome face won the admiration of Howard Scott, a member of the aggre
gation. He was her devoted slave, accompanying her on shopping tours, buy-
Ing her flowers and icecream sodas, and it was remarked that his attentions
. would result in marriage. That is but a memory now, for a quarrel — only a
lovers' quarrel— has blasted their happiness and they have drifted apart. When
Mr. Scott passes Miss Blayney on the street the atmosphere in their vicinity
congeals, so cold have both grown toward each other. Their mutual dislike
would never have been heralded to the world but for the cruel hand of fate.
During the present week botn have been cast in parts as uncongenial as
they are humiliating. In "Never Again," which is being produced. Miss Blay
ney enacts the part of Marcelle, who is the devoted wife of Vignon, a talented
sculptor, portrayed by Mr. Scott- During the comedy it becomes necessary
: for both to display affection for each other, and as fate,, or the author, will
have it, they must exchange honeyed kisses. In one scene Scot? is compelled
' to imprint kisses on Miss Blayney's lips, and as the caresses'are not welcome
the actress turns the other cheek.
Miss Blayney has been heard to murmur angrily, "Now stop it," but Scott
believes in getting everything out of his lines, and refuses to desist. Miss Blay
ney has also upbraided Mr. Scott In the "wings" for his cruel conduct, and
has even tearfully intimated that he was "no gentleman." Scott replies *hat
Miss Blayney is as cold as "nor" west. wind," and has informed the lady that
she does not know how to kiss. Miss Blayney answers that "people do not sro
through life kissing only on the mouth," and both have appealed to Mark Thall
' for mutual protection. Papa Mark, is rapidly growing gray over the dissension
In his stock company, but is happy in the thought that all troubles will end on
' Sunday night, the last performance of the farce.
TEACHERS MAY
AGAIN FEEL THE
FINANCIAL AX
Charter and State Law Do
Not Agree on Questions
of Appropriation.
State Law Will Give Sufficient, Char
ter Will Have a Deficit, and the
Auditor Must Decide Be
tween Them.
1 » ? ¦'¦¦ —¦-
Owing to conflicting provisions in the
State law and the charter regarding the
school appropriation, there is danger that
the teachers' salaries may be reduced,un
less the State law be regarded as para
mount to- the city statute. The Board of
Education is inclined to adhere to the
charter, while Superintendents Schools
Webster will be guided by the State law
in his estimate of the expenditures for
the coming fiscal year.
According to the State law the appro
priation of last year must be followed in
estimating the school fund for the next
term and this sum amounts to $1,090,000
for all salaries. The charter provides that
the appropriation shall be based on the
average daily attendance- in the schools
at the rate of $2S per pupil. The attend
ance now is about 37,000, and this will al
low but $1,036,000, or a deficiency of $54,000.
This must include the salaries of the
four School Directors, amounting to $16,
000* secretary. $1800; Superintendent of
Schools and four deputies, $10,000, which
are statutory and may not be reduced.
The Janitors and laborers will certainly
not be disturbed, and the burden must
fall on the teachers if the provisions of
the charter are carried out. This is the
view taken by Superintendent Webster.
To avoid such a possibility, Mr. Web
ster says he will base his estimate pn the
appropriation of last year.* If the Board
of Education estimates on the basis of
$28 per pupil it will become the duty of
the Auditor to decide the point. .
UNDERGROUND
LODGINGS TO
BE SUPPRESSED
Resolutions Are Adopted Ef
fecting Sanitation of
Chinatown.
Property Owners Will Be Ordered to
Place Their Premises in Absolute
Sanitary Condition Within'
Stringent resolutions affecting the san
itary condition of Chinatown were adopt
ed last night by the Board of Health.
They were precipitated by the recent
bubonic plague farce. * "'
It was surmised that the Chinese had
broken faith with the board and it was
resolved that no death certificate be Is
sued by the Health Officer for a deceased
Chinaman to any physician unless the
signature of the City Physician, who
could order an autopsy if he found It
necessary, was first obtained.
The second resolution provides that all
property owners in Chinatown be allowed
thirty days to place their houses in proper
sanitary condition, otherwise warrants
will be Issued for their arrest. In each
case the property owner will be notified
by registered letter.
The third resolution provides that all
underground lodgings or cellars and any
offensive trades conducted therein be sup
pressed within the next ten days.
The board decided to request the Board
of Public Works to put the sewers In
Chinatown in good condition and the Su
pervisors to bituminize the streets in that
locality.
COLUMBIAN
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
Every Night Except Sunday.
CHARLES FROHMAN
Presents WILLIAM GILLETTE'S GREATEST
COMEDY TRIUMPH.
BECAUSE SHE M
LOVED HIM SO ? '—
With J. E. DODSON and Original N. T. Cast.
Coming— "WlLLlE COLLIER.
SPECIAL-GRAND^OPERA-HODSE
TUESDAY AFTERNOON, March 21.
At »:15 o'clock.
GRAND ORCHESTRAL CONCERT
WALTER DAMROSCH,
CONDUCTOR, and
THE STMPHONT ORCHESTRA-
SOLOISTS.
MADAME GADSKI
—AND—
MR. DAVID BISPDaM
rpy arrangement with Mr. C. L Graff.)
POPULAR PRICES— 7Sc. Jl. tl 80. %i and S! 60.
Fale of «<»at* will becin at Sherman. Clay tc
Co.'b. THIS MORNING, at » o'clock.
BEACH OOLD CONCENTRATOR.
EAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
PUMPS AND OASOLINE ENGINES.
All kinds of Pumps and Gasoline Engine*.
WOODIN A LITTLE. 812 Market St.. 8. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS-
In Operation Daily. 623 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
••LAST -2, NIGHTS..
Of Rice's Laughable Musical Comedy.
THE GIRL
FROM PARIS
Monday NUnt— "THE GRAXD DUCHESS."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
PHONE MAIN E3J.
Good Reserved Beat In Orchestra Saturday
Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket OTflce— Emporium.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
hear signature of /^^^^
V«ry aaaall aad *• easy
totax«a«tm^or.
SEE |£ARr9S|SSSS ™
mm f JVk ERE R «%SSSI genuine
U DILLS FOR CONSTIPATIQH.
WRAPPER M~M for sallow sum. WRAPPFR
•j^ i OBWVDm must wavi «yow*7uwt. _"
25 cam I Pgnfly Teyetjq.lft v^?~^^
SCHEMED FOR A
GAY PARADE OF
PLACARDED CARS
Market-Street Company Has
Invaded Advertising
Business.
Suit Filed by a Local Firm - to *' Re
strain Chief Sullivan From
Stopping a Billboard
Car.
'¦*
If the courts will permit, the Market
Street Railway Company, aided by divers
managers of advertisers, will soon go Into
the general high fence advertising busi
ness. Whether. or not the company -will
be permitted to defeat the intention of
the people to beautify the city by forcing
the removal of fence-board signs and roof
displays, by placing their old and unused
.cars at the disposal of advertisers that
they may send unsightly signs on wheels
through the streets, will be decided in the
near future in the Superior Court.
Suit was filed yesterday by Glen C. Barn
hart, Ed iL Swasey and John F. Sheehan,
doing business under the firm name of
Barnhart & Swasey, managers of adver
tising, to restrain Chief of Police Sullivan
from sidetracking their advertising car
and refusing to sanction Its use by the
plaintiff corporation.
In the complaint plaintiffs say that on
February 14, 1900, they leased a car from
the Market Street Railway Company, the
company agreeing to furnish power for
the purpose of propelling the car through
the streets of the city. Advertising pla
cards were attached to the sides, front
and rear of the car, but "no bell or gon£
or other musical or noise-producing in
struments of any sort" were permitted on
the car, save the ordinary gongs used to
warn vehicles and pedestrians of its ap
proach.
Continuing, plaintiffs allege that Chief
Sullivan, by means of his authority, has
prevented and threatens to continue to
prevent the operation of the car. "The
said action is unlawful," the complaint
reads, "and is unlawful and without right,
and unless defendant is restrained from
continuing such interference these plain
tiffs will be damaged in a great and Ir
reparable manner."
In conclusion plaintiffs pray that an in
junction be issued forever restraining
Chief of Police Sullivan, or those acting
by virtue of his orders, from interfering
with the operation of the car. Chief Su!li
van ordered the withdrawal of the adver
tising car from the lines of the Market
Street Railway Company about two wetks
ago. He contends that the franchise hel<l
by the company does not grant an adver
tising privilege, but permits the company
to operate its lines for passenger traffic
only. Neither, he says, do the company's
articles of incorporation anticipate the
granting of an advertising privilege, and
it is bound by Its articles of incorporation
and franchise, and cannot use its line for
purposes other than those specified there
in.
THEY DO NOT SPEAK
NOW AS THEY PASS BY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 17 j 1900;
Charged With Burglary.
William "Lee was arrested on Pacific
street yesterday by Detectives Wren ani
Dtnan and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of burglary. November 6he broke
Into - the residence .of E. * Lunducci, > 3L'4
Broadway, and stole two diamond rings
and a lady's gold watch. and chain. He
Joined the cutter Bear and did not return
to the city till Thursday. -, The detectives
have recovered the stolen' articles.
rHOnC SOUTH 7TO.
THIS EVENING. MATINEE TO-DAY.
THE LAUGHING FARCE COMEDY.
HAVE YOU SEEN SMITH?
Beginning with TO-MORROW (SUNDAY)
Afternoon (One Week Only)
MR. HrtRRY GI-A^IER
And Ilia Excellent Company In a Lavlsn
Production.
"THREE MUSKETEERS."
DIRr.CT FROM NEW YORK CITT.
SEATS NOW READY.
PRlCES— Evester. 15c Ke. Re. We and 75c
Matinee. 15c. 25c. Cc and SOc
•Tl VOLi*
"HOOT MON, CROWDED AS USUAL!"
TWICE TO-DAY, at 2 and 8.
7 1st and 72d Performances
Of the Great Record-breaking Comic Opera,
The Idol's Eye.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and SOc.
TELEPHONE— Bush ».
victims of intemperance. Mrs. Hawkins for year*
Buffered the (rriel and anguish shared by bo many
true and faithful women of America to-day, who
nave drinU-afilictcd faUiers,husbands or sons. She
determined to overcome this fearful evil M possible.
Her search for a harmless, perfect and secret home
cure was at last rewarded when an old friend can:*
to her and grave her a remedy which had never beea
known to fail. Mrs. Ha wkins pave the remedy sec-
retly and in a few weeks, to her great joy , her dearest
relative was entirely cured of his appetite for drink
and was acrain restored to health and manhood.
After this wonderful result, Mr 3. Hawkins de-
cided to devote her life to the work of helping- her
eisters every where, whom she found suffering 1 as she
had suffered from the effects of alcohol upoi . a hus-
band, father or son. With the assistance of others
she perfected the ori«rinal treatment and now
offers to send thi3 treatment free to any distressed
wife, mother or sister who will write for it. Mrs.
Hawkins has means of her own and no charge
whatever is made for the treatment, because her
gTeat desire is that every woman who needs this
medicine will^rrite at once to her and get it.
A Grateful Woman.
iIHS. MAY HAWKINS, Grand Eaplds, Mich. —
M; Dear I'riend:— Yon have been the means of bring.
injß'Jiislilno Into taj hone. Last August I got /our
remedy and began giving It to my hnsband, and from
that tlmo until the jireeent he has not teken a drop of
any kind of alcoholic drinks. I cannot scjr too much for
what your remed7 has dona forme and I urge it as a
helper to any mother, sister or wife who shall seed It.
Yourt sincerely SIES. H. A. LAH£
£ost Hampton, Me., Feb. 14. 189k.
Thousands have saved their bemes and loved
ones by this remedy and you can be among' t he num.
bcr if you only wish it. Mrs. Hawkins t reatsevery
letter She receives sacredly confidential and yon
need have no hesitancy whatever in writing 1 her for
assistance. Do not delay; write hertoday. Address
Mrs. May Hawkins, Box 128 Grand Rapids, Mich.
AMUSEMENTS.
TOU WILL REGRET IT IF YOU FAIL
To See the M&gniacent Production of
THE BROWNIES IN FAIrtYLANO,
BOTH THIS AFTERNOON AND NIGHT.
And Extra Matinee Snnday!
ON THE ETAGE-200
BEE the Fain" Ballet. The Fairy Garden! The
Living Rows! The Funny Chinamen. The
Cakewalk Ballet ! The Wonderful Barge*.
Reserved Seat*— Night. 23e. W>c. Tic; Matinee.
Commencing TO-MORROW (Sunday) £"}*"-
"PUDD-NHEAD WILSON." Mayo* Original
Company and the Brilliant Actor. MR. BURR
MrINTOHH.
Still a Chance to See the Circus.
The animals of Norris & Rowe's shows
entertained two large audiences again yes
terday, every seat in Mechanics' Pavilion
being occupied at both matinee and even
ing performances." The animala are
true to their education. The dwarf
elephant is especially well trained.
"Fargo," as he is called, is a great
favorite with the ladies and chil
dren. Besides doing his tricks in the ring
Fargo entertains the visitors in the me
nagerie department before the perform
ance commences and displays a capacity
for peanuts and sweetmeats almost equal
to that of the late "Jumbo," although he
Is but forty-four inches tall. The show
Is good in every particular and each little
animal actor does his part with an ac
curacy, ease and enjoyment that lends
much pleasure to the entertainment. There
will be two performances to-day and Sun
day, which will conclude the season in
San Francisco.
AMTJSEMEHTS.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES F"OR GIRLS.
BY CHARLOTTE BRRWSTER JORDAN.
V. SARAH KEMBLE SIDDONS.
1755-1531.
Sir Joshua Reynolds' magnificent por
trait of Mrs. Siddons as "The Tragic
Muse" is Interesting aside from its artis
tic value, because it recalls the gallantry
of the painter and the personality of his
subject. When the great actress came to
Sir Joshua's studio he took her by the
hand and ceremoniously escorted her to
the place generally occupied by his sit
ters: "Ascend your undisputed throne and
graciously bestow upon me some good
Idea of the Tragic Muse." Mrs. Siddons
complied with his request with such easy
grace that the delighted artist seized his
palette and, imploring: her not to change
her first attitude, painted her as
we see her to-day. Sir Joshua ' Re
ynolds seldom signed his pictures, but
In this instance he painted his
name upon the border of the robe
of the Tragic Muse and justified his ex
ceptional act to Mrs. Siddona by exclaim
ing: "I could not resist the opportunity
of sending my name down to posterity on
the hem of your garment."
In striking contrast to the social and
professional adulation of her maturer
years was the early life of Sarah Kemble.
Daughter of Roger Kemble, manager of a
company of strolling players, she was
born at the "Shoulder of Mutton," an inn
at Brecknock, South Wales. Notwith
standing his humble vocation Roger Kem
ble was well bred and of unquestioned in
tegrity, ingeniously described by his wife
as "the only gentleman Falstaff that I
have ever seen." Mrs. Kemble, also of
play-acting extraction, gave to her daugh
ter Sarah her striking beauty, her supple
and majestic figure, together with educa
tional advantages, especially in music, far
beyond her lowly station. As a child Sarah
was forced to follow the family vocation
and strive after that intrepid self-confi
dence which she gained with great diffi
culty in her maturity.
At 17 a musical attachment sprung up
between Sarah Kemble and a Mr. Sid
dons, an Indifferent actor in her father's
company of itinerants. This attachment
met with the stern disapproval of the im
perious Mrs. Kemble, who hastily exiled
her daughter to the companionship of a
country family. Thereupon the disconso
late Siddons "dropped off into poetry" and
sang to a sympathetic audience a metrical
account of the banishment of Phyllis from
the company of her bewailing Colin. Mr.
and Mrs. Kemble. although greatly exas
perated by these personal allusions, final
ly consented to the marriage at Coventry.
With the exception of his ill-judged poet
ical ebullition of bad taste Mr. Siddons
proved to be in every way commendable
—a model husband, a devoted father, a
satisfactory actor and an obliging cipher
in the household of genius.
Immediately after their marriage young
Mr. and Mrs. Siddons began acting at
Cheltenham and attracted the favorable
criticism of the aristocratic families of
the neighborhood. In some ways this pat
ronage, friendly and encouraging though
¦which she was to enact her part. "I
never," she writes, "from the besinr.in<
of the play to the end of It. once suffered
my dressing-room door to be closed, in
order ttfat my attention misht be con
stantly fixed on those distressing: events
which I could plainly hear were groins on
upon the stajre. the terrible fact 3 which
were to be represented by me."
Her stately manner In tragedy gradu
ally became habitual to her daily life and
was not always engaging to strangers.
Mrs. Thrale exclaimed upon first meeting
the renowned actress: "Why. this is a
leaden goddess we are all worshiping!
However, we shall soon gild It." Her
statuesque bearing was largely affected
by her study of antique sculpture. Once,
while touring in the provinces, she was
requested to buy a stucco bust so unlike
herself that she did not wonder that the
salesman failed to recognize the original.
Feeling that she could do better, she
studied sculpture In her leisure mo
ments and executed a bust of herself
which may be seen to-day in South Ken
sington. Her studies of marbles of an
tiquity served to heighten her statuesque
charm as Hermiohe In "The Winter's
Tale." She told Lord Lansdowne that
"the first thing that suggested to her the
mode of expressing intensity of feeling
was the position of some of the Egyptian
statues, with arms close down by the side
and the hands clenched."
Comparisons with Rachel, the great
French tragedienne, were Inevitable.
Those favored in beholding the art of
both actresses generally agreed that in
burning Intensity Rachel surpassed Mrs.
Siddons. especially in her rendering of
passion in its fiercer concentrations, while
the English artist retained pre-eminence
in finish, dignity and pathos. Although
occasionally accused of parsimony. Mrs.
Siddons never sank to the grasping ava
riclousness for which Rachel was so no
torious, and Dr. Johnson said of his coun
trywoman after one of his frequent vis
its: "Neither praise nor the love of
money, the two powerful corruptions of
mankind, seem to have depraved her."
For thirty years she charmed her audi
ences with her distinctive stage genius,
her rich, warm voice, and her sympa
thetic interpretations. Her spirited face
has been described by a contemporary as
"so thoroughly harmonized when quies
cent and so expressive when impassioned
that most people think her more beautiful
than she is." In ISI2 she took her leave
of the public in her great character of
Lady Macbeth, and reappeared on the
stage only in benefit performances. She
occasionally varied the irksome vacuity
of the remaining twenty years of her iife
by readings in public or before the royal
family, chiefly from Milton or Shakes
peare. Some have asserted that the Bi
ble. Shakespeare and Milton were the
only books which she knew comprehen
sively, and these she knew by heart. Al
though her Intellectuality lay strictly
along these lines, she doubtless enjoyed
a more varied reading In addition to this
exceptionally strong foundation. In 1522
she published a book called "The Story of
Our First Parents, Selected from Milton's
'Paradise Lost,' for the Use of Young
Persons." Her poetical compositions were
never fully published.
The latter part of her life was saddened
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
MRS. SIDDONS: QUEEN OF THE ENGLISH STAGE
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
1/nAfU Sand Centrifugal Pumps. Drake
l\l\V/Ull Amalgamators. In operation dal-
*¦ ¦ ly. I Stevenson st.. San Francisco
D»EDQI\G PUMPS.
OIL Gasoline, Steam Hoists, Centrifugal Pumps,
Enginee&Bollero. HendyMach.Wks.,4o Fremont.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
EapplT fresh or rait water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. Eimonds. 33 Market <t
BOSS GOLD SAVER.
Man pumps, water operates machine, works
S tons per hr.. saves 95 p.c. free gold. 129 Flirt.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
EAVES fine gold. In dally operation at SU
Beale St.. San Francisco.
GASOLINE ENGINES,
HERCULES OAS ENGINE WORKS It filling
many order* for Nome. 141-143 First tU. 8. F.
GOLO SEPARATOR.
Cyclon* Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
daily operation. WM. H. BIRCH & CO.. IS3
First street. San FTanclsco.
GOLO SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Oold Savlnr Machine. 129 Fol-
som street. Oriental Oas Engine Company.
OROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
Outfits parked. IRVINE BROS.. 670 Howard.
39S Fourth. 1302 Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OH, Crude Oil and Oaaollno.
ENSIGN A. McGCFFICK. 23 Spear et.. S. F.
PLATES FOR SAVINQ GOLD.
Echaezleln * Burrldge. S Hardie place, off
Kearay. between gutter and Bush streets. "
F. W. BELL, Central Plating Works, 852 Mis-
sion st.. 6. F. Phcne Jessie SOL
ROCKERS.
pnrrCTJC Hula-Hula Rocker: Centrifugal
IYUV.IVL, ij p anil Pumps; Machinery. PARKE
& LACT CO.. 21 Fremont st.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist etc.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. F.
PILE-DRIVINQ ENGINES.
Worthlngton 6team Pumps & Water Meters,
Mundy Hoisting Engines. Tatum & Bowen.
ENOI.vES, BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER A HAMILTON. Earines and Boilers:
lowest prices on the coast. Pine & Davis sts.
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE 8c CO.. manufacturers, bags, tent*.
coven. II and 22 California st.
W. & P. BUILDINO PAPER.
Wind, water and vermin proof. • Prepared
roofing. Jl3 New Montgomery st.
f> IFT nnifll &>ra*t Fourth and
PfIFF HilYfll
Valise* checked fre«.
nil i /^r* L °cated on Market
PA I Ai, r Btreet. In close
I i\Ut\yU . proximity to busl-
A M ft reSS section « P!aces
Am" of. amusement and
r> n »m rv d - po^ : 1<0!) rooma ' •
li R A N 1 1 m wlth - batha »t-
UR Al" V tached. The largest
and finest hotels in
HATE I 'C tne Tvorli Amert#
nil I cL^ can &nd EuroDea *
7
ADVEBTISEMENT3.CHICAGO, March 16.— Opening quotations for
May wheat showed an advance of H@4c over
yesterday's closing price, May starting at 66%®
67c. TTaders who sold yesterday in I anticipa
tion of another weak Friday opening on ac
count of heavy ¦ Argentine receipts were dis
agreeably surprised -by the figures from that
country showing shipments, of 700,000 bushels
less than last week- and • made ' haste ;to get
under cover. Overshadowing everything else in
influence on themarket," however, were the re
ports of . extensive £ damage to ' winter ' wheat
caused by the' present cold wave. It 1 was
known that the Western wheat fields are prac
tically, bare of snow protection and the rapidly
sinking thermometer, brought > ; conviction sto
shorts that- the ¦ damage . reports - were not I ex
aggerated. The opening, advance showed ¦ suffi
cient profits to some : holders « and - realizing
caused a ¦ temporary j reaction to 66»i@6GT4e I for
May. . but ' Inside of . fifteen : minutes after ; the
opening the market > began Jumping ' under a
vigorous demand, '.the,, advance not "being
checked until "May had'reached G7V,«j67%c. : By
that time the edge of the demand had worn
off and a . tendency to take : profits caused : a
slight " setback , for a i time, - selling being .¦ in
creased by the weakness shown in corn at that
time. The market gradually . became ex;eed-
Ingly dull, .with trading confined almost en
tirely .to local operators; ; and ¦ the price 1 kept
within .a > narrow • range, • generally : around . G7c
for. May. . Toward the, close the market again
Chicago Grain Market.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 174
New York Exchange, telegraphic — JO
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars 434 49
Wheat and Other. Grains.
WHEAT— Extremely cold weather (the ther
mometer being at zero.' with no snow) In the
West «ent the Chicago market up. In addition
Broomhall cabled unfavorable crop reports from
Southern Russia and" only 2,600.000 bushels
shipped from " the E Argentine, whereas 4,000.000
had been expected. Later on, however, the ad
vance was checked by weakness In Corn. ¦ $
Thie market was higher again, both on and
off call, with more activity."
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96U@»"Hc; milling.
9s*;<i?u oivi. ¦¦¦¦¦-¦__' _ _
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls a. m.— May— 2ooo ctls,
97% - 10 000, 9Sc. December— «ooo. $104>4; 2000,
SIO4H- 4000, $104 V4: 2000. $1 04%; 10.000. $1 04%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. 97% c; 4000. 98c.
December-40fi0, $1 044: ?000. $1 0IH: 6000. $1 04%.
- Regular Morning Session— December— l2.ooo
ctls. $1 04*»: 4000, $104%. May-2000, Me; 6000,
9SV4c; 6000, 9SUc. ¦
Afternoon Session— May— 6ooo ctls, SSftc. De
cember—2ooo, $104>i; 12,000. $105.
BARLEY— Quotations remain nominal in the
absence of business. .;i£L.'
¦ Feed. 75c . for No. 1 " and 65@724c for ¦ off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 80@S7' / ic;
Chevalier, nominal. : _
5 CALL BOARD , SALES. '
¦ Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales. ¦
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
' OATS— There Is no business, and quotations
remain unchanged.
re WhHe, $1 10©l Wr-Rjd.-- Keen 17V4; Gray.
$1 07'Affil IS-- Black, 97H@$1 05. .
CORN— Eastern White- is quoted at 974c@
$1 o°4 per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $l@l 10;
mixed, tWI 05 per ctl.
RYE-97V(351 mV> veT ctK
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China steamer took out 12,271 barrelsof
Flour.'' .' : • ¦ ' '' '"'. .".'• " . ..
FLOUR-rCallfornia family extras. , $S 60®3 75,
usual terms: bakers' 1 extras. $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 75@3 per barrel.
¦ MILLSTUFFB— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount ;to the trade: Graham
Flour, S3 25, per ,100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; • Corn Meal. $2 so-
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy. ¦$3 25®3 50;. Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked ; Wheat. $3 75-
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, ' $3 50 :
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@7 25: in sacks, . $5 75r<*
7: Pearl Barley, $6; Split Pea«, $5; Green Peas
$5 60 per. 100 lbs. ________
Hay and Feedstuff s.
i Recelptß.of Hay were heavy yesterdays and
the market continued soft. Feedstuff s stood as
before.' ' ."•" ¦¦ ¦. ¦ ¦ ' '• •• • ' ¦"¦ > ¦¦
, BRAN— $l2^l3 per ton. , •
MIDDLINGS-$17®20 per ton.
. FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed r. Barley, ! 115Q17 per
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nczi' York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. March 16.— Whatever signlfl- '
cance attached to to-day's stock market was
cf a negative character. Trading in the ag
rr-pate was on a small scale and even at timt
was congested In a few of the specialties.
Third Avenue continued to absorb a large share
of attention and was the only stock on thjs
list with any considerable range In the price
fluctuation. After an early decline this stock
moved upward over 5 points and closed with
a net gain of 24- Sugar was active, but
phowt-d a comparatively narrow range and
ended the day wih a email net gain. People's
Gas more than retrieved an early decline and
raclfic Mail was notably weak. Otherwise the
dealings were email, price fluctuations narrow
and the list of stocks dealt in a short one.
That the general tone was flrm was probably
due to the fact that the bear traders bought
Ftorks to cover short contracts. There was no
t-vidence of any outside speculative demand,
but there was some Investment buying here
end there on a small scale. Probably the bears
«vn> induced to cover by the prospect that
to-morrow's bank statement may fall slightly
s-hort of b*-ing an weak as was feared. The
j, fw York sub-treasury made a small contribu
tion to-day to the cash resources of the banks
cf the routine transactions between them. This
Is the first time this has happened In over
thre* weeks and brings down the lom»s by
th<« banks for the week on sub-treasury opera
tions to M.317.000. compared with $6,800,000 last
we«"k. To-day's pain by the banks is due to
the disbursement on pensions. On the currency
movement by express to the interior a net
loss by the banks is Indicated of only about
J7M.0110. compared with $2,300,000. Without al-
Jowing for the movement by registered mail
the loss of the banks on all accounts is there
fore only a little over Ss.oiin.ooo. compared with
i.,ar!v Slf>,mXi.o(>o last week. The changes in
the loan account are largely guess work. Some
of the banks called loans during the week, but
on the other hand the borrowing of money to
l.uv Government bonds continued. The hard
enl'nc of New York exchanp* at Chicago is said
to be due to the transfer of funds to liquidate
loans contract*^ by Western banks for buying
Government bonds In New York. These doubt
lul elements In the outlook somewhat modified
the conviction of professional traders that the
surplus reserve* of the banks are certain to
be wiped out to-morrow. Money on call w»s
In cood supply for roost of the day at from
4544 per cent, and the late flurry was ac
companied by rather palpable manipulation,
the rate quickly yielding under the offerings
brought out - But whatever may remain of the
mrplu* it Is certain to be 6mall. The impres
t-lon Is general, however, that to-morrow s
¦uatement will 6how the low water mark of
reserves and the process of replenishment will
begin to show effect next week.
Some of the dorn.ant hlph-grade bonds were
df-alt in at advancing prices. At other points
prices yielded. Total sales, par value, $2,0. d. OOO.
Cnlted States old 4s declined % and the 3s
and 5s 4 In the bid price. .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
1, 1 !•¦ Atd'ifcon -• ••• • •¦ •••••••••••••••••••«••¦ *• _»
4 4*5 Atchison pr*fd *t\
I.CIO Baltimore .v Ohio 63W
Canadian Pacific ••••• *5
. i - Hii.-ici..n Soutbrm *i
CfiO <:hesaj«ake & Ohio 2*H
3<>o Ohlcapo Great Western I*4
7.730 Chleano, Burlington & Qulncy 12«» i
200 Chicago. Ind & Louisville 214
£00 Chicasn. Ind & Louisville prefd.... 64V4,
Chiragro & Eastern Illinois V 6
Chicago & Northwestern 160
1.640 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific... 1084
C C C & St Louis 69%
2.7?0 Colorado Southern 6*4
:«) Colorado Southern Ist prefd 4J%
3<vj Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17%
Delaware & Hudson....' 1144
100 Delaware. Lack & Western 177
Denver & ltlo Grande 19%
... Denver & Rio Grande prefd 714
fIOO Erie U%
100 Erie Ist prefd 37>4
'12 Great Northern prefd 157%
.".. Hocking O»al J44
, Hocking Valley 32
i. Illinois Central 113
100 lowa Central 14V4
__, . . lowa Central prefd 4}
200 Kansas City, PHtrburg & Gulf 11%
300 Lake Erie & Western 20»4
.... . I^ake Erie & Western prefd 85
Lake Shore 194
SOO Louisville & Naeh\-111e gI«C
« 119 Manhattan Elevated, ex dlv 924
It 7« Metropolitan Ptr«*t Railway 161%
f!2M Mexican-Central 13%
3Da Minneapolis & St Louts 62
VA Minneapolis * St Lnu!s prefd »34
tTV'. Missouri Pacific 44!»
Mobile & Ohio 44
Missouri, Kan* & Texas IOVi
'.'". '.' Missouri. Kant- & Texas prefd 524
100 New Jersey Central 115
725 New York Central IS4
600 Norfolk & Western.. 32'« i
fTO Norfolk & Western prera .^4
410 Korthern Pacific «!i
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
355 Northern Pacific prefd 73%
1,462 Norfolk & Western Z2?fc
Oregon Ry & Nay 42
Oregon Ry & Nay prefd 76
I.SGO Pennsylvania 1344
Reading 174
3,500' Reading Ist prefd £>6U
200 Reading 2d prefd 28*.
Rio Grande Western 534
Klo Grande Western prefd 89
St Louis & San Fran 10li
St Louis & San Franc, Ist prefd 69
St Louis & San Fran, 2d prefd 34Vi
£t Louis, Southwestern 10»i
JOO St Louis, Southwestern prefd 29' i
43,510 St Paul 123%
245 Pt Paul prefd 173
St Paul & Omaha 1074
2,300 Southern Pacific 38
1,030 Southern Railway 13
S5O Southern Railway prefd 57%
Texas & Pacific 16
3,300 I'nion Pacific 4H»
SOO Union Pacific prefd 74%
330 Wabash 64
200 Wabash prefd 20
300 Wheeling & L E 10
Whet-ling & L E 2d prefd 2i%
Wisconsin Central 16
Express Companies —
Adams 114
415 American 147
United States 45
Wells Fargo 122
Miscellaneous —
700 American Cotton Oil MH
American Cotton OH prefd 234
120 Am Smelting & Refining 3SH
1,075 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 904
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
800 American Steel Hoop 34
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 80
2,209 American Steel & Wire 56>;
120 American Steel & Wire prefd 91 S «
710 American Tin Plate 33Vi
8,620 American Tobacco 105' i
American Tobacco prefd 133
1,050 Anaconda Mining Co 464
19.240 Brooklyn Rapid Transit '. €74
600 Colorado Fuel & Iron 434
345 Continental Tobacco 2£%
Continental Tobacco prefd S2*i
2,070 Federal Steel 49*4
250 Federal Steel prefd 73
General Electric 123
Glucose Sugar 51
Glucose Sugar prefd PS
100 International Paper 184
215 International Paper prefd 614
Loclede Gas 77H
livi National Biscuit 35
110 National Biscuit prefd 91
200 National Lead : 234
?00 National Lead prefd 103
S5O National Steel 45
100 National Steel prefd. ex dlv 94
New York Air Brake 124
1,000 North American ir.ifc
100 Pacific Coast E0
JOO Pacific Coast Ist prefd X
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 60
3.570 Pacific Mail 36
8.570 People's Gas 974
110 Pressed Steel Car 62
Pressed Steel Car prefd 844
Pullman Palace Car 184
Standard Rope & Twine 6»i
33,745 Sugar 161»;
Suirar prefd 108
1,140 Tennessee Coal & Iron 93
525 United States Leather 12
?25 United States Leather prefd 70*4
100 United States Rubber 27U
United States Rubber prefd 934
452 Western Union M
120 Republic Iron A Steel 2Hi
575 Republic Iron & Steel prefa Cfi
P C C & St Louis 66
212.200 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s registered... lol4
do (when issued^. lC6
U S 3s registered... lll
U S 3s coupon 11l
U S new 4s reg 135
U S new 4s c0up.. 135
U S old 4s reg....H6
U S old 4s coup 117
U S 5s registered... Tll34
U S 5s coupon 1154
Dist of Col 3.655... 119
AtchiEon gen 4s 101%
Atchison adjust 4s. S2~*.
Canada Sou 2ds 106»»
Ches & Ohio 445... 97
Ches & Ohio 55... 1194
C & Nor cons 75... 142
C & N S F Deb 55.121
Chicago Term 45... 9i%
Denver & R G 15t5.1034
Denver & R G 45.. 99
E T Va & Ga lsts. lo2
Erie General 4e 71*4
Ft W & DC lsts... 72
Gen Electric 5s 113
G H &. S A 6s !£«
G H & S A 2d5....107
H & Texas Cent 56.1024
H &. T C cons 6*.. 110
lowa Central lsts.. 114
X C P & G lsts.... 70
I/a new cons 4s. ...107
L & N unified 45... P9
Sou Pac 4s fs2 7 %
M X &. T 2ds 66
M X & T 4s 91V4
N V Central 1et5... 110
N J Cent gen 55. .123^4
North Carolina 65.. 127
North Carolina 45.. 106
Northern Pac 3s 66
Northern Pac 45...10n
N V C & St L 45. .103
Nor &. W cons 45.. 96
Nor & W sen 65... 132
Oregon Nay lsts...lOS
Oregon Nay 4s 1024
Or Short Line 65..127» 4
Or S L cons 55. ..113
Reading gen 4s 83%
R G Western lsts.. 98
StL& I M cons 55.111»i
St L & S F gen 6s. 120
St Paul cons 163
Ft Paul C & P 15t5.1204
.St Paul C & P 55..120\
Southern Ry 5s lIOVb
Standard R & T 6s 73
Term new set 35.... S5
Texas &Pac 15t5.,114
Texas & Pac 2d5... 55
Union Pac 4a lot
Wabash lets ... ue%
Wabash 2ds 994
West Shore 4s 1134
Wls Central lsts.. i»)|,
Va Centuries 89«4
Va Deferred 10
Col & Sou 4s K3
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20
Crown Point 11
Con Cal & Va 1 40
Deadwood 60
Gould & Curry 14
Hale & Norcross... 24
Homestake 60 00
Iron Silver €5
Mexican 22
Ontario $ 2.'.
Ophir 73
Plymouth 12
Quicksilver 1 50
I Quicksilver prefd.. 7 50
.Sierra Nevada b0
.Standard 2 95
• Union Con is
'Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money —
Call loans 3HO-44
Time loans 4 ©5
stocks—
A T & S F 23S
A T & S F prefd.. 67H
American Sugar ..101%i
Am £ugar prefd 109
Bell Telephone 315"
Boston & Albany. .23S
Boston Elevated. ..ll7
Boston & Maine... l 93
C B A Q 126H
Dominion Coal 42>t
Dom Coal prefd. ...114^4
Federal Steel 60
Fed Steel prefd .... 73H
Fltchburg prefd — 132
Gen Electroc 125
Gen Elec prefd ....137
Ed Elec 111 205
Mexican Central 13»i
N E Gas & Coke.. 17
Old Colony, ex d1v.205 1^
Old Dominion I."'*.
Rubber 27
Union Pacific 4BU
Union Land 2
Wert End 9«
Westlnghouse Elec 42
Wls Central J6
ilonds —
AtchUon 4s 99U
N E Gas & Coke 6s 69h
Mining shares
Adventure 414
Allouez Mng C 0.... 2
Amalg Copper 9314
Atlantic 23
Boston &. Montana. 2r<6
Butte & Boston.. 62
Calumet & Hec1a.,735
Centennial' iru
Franklin '. 14
Osceola eii>
Parrot ......i \\>*
Qulncy 133 *
Santa Fe Copner .. im
Tamarack ig 2
Utah Mining 2S9i
Wlnona 311
Wolverines "' 40
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. March 16.— Money on call flrm
at J>»67 per cent; last loan. 3Vi per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, Wff>? per cent. Sterling ex
change soft, with actual bu»lne*s In bankers'
bills at $4 &b% for demand and at $4 s2 for
sixty days: posted rates, $4 83H and $4 87. Com
! mercial bills, $4 iV.iUi Sl%. Silver certificates
60"4@61«c. Bar silver. 60c. Mexican dollars'
47«ic. Government bonds, weak;. State bonds'
inactive; railroad bonds, irregular. ' '
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON. March 16.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury balances
in the general Jund, exclusive of the $150,000,000
erold reserve in the division of redemption
shows: Available cash balance.' $136 7M sis'
gold. $&5,245,197. . ;
London Market.
NEW YORK. March 16.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were at a complete stand
still to-day, the members devoting their at
tention to decorating the exchange for St.
Dearer money is feared, as new loans are
I coming out which have been kept back for the
war loan. West Australia announces one for
H. 000.000, and the India and London County
Council are comine In for large loans. The
war loan was weak to-day, the premium be
ing Viitl 5-16 lower. Transactions on it were
heavy. Speculators are disappointed, at what
they regard as the comparative smallness of
the applications.
Americans were stagnant with the other shlp-
NEW YORK, March 18.— The following table,
complied by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
Ings at principal cities for the week ended
! March 16, 1900, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year: ' .
Percentages.
: Cities— Amount. ' Inc. Dec.
New York $1,010,668,795 .... 17.3
Boston 112,594.040 .... 12-5
Chicago 123.341.866 • •••¦
Philadelphia 62.502.780 .... «-5
Bt. Louis 30.358.304 ....
Pittsburg 26.127.875 .... 11.4
Baltimore 24,832,506 .... 41.9
San Francisco 19.271,173 14.3
Cincinnati 16,063.300 11.0
Kansas City 12.031,148 .12.5
New Orleans 10.599.747 27.8
Minneapolis 9.796.981 11.0 .....
Detroit 7,562,477 3.4, ....
Cleveland 10.538.434 21.1
Louisville 7.920,500. 8.7
Providence 5,739.700 ...'. 19.0
Milwaukee 6.014,726 13.7
Ft. Paul 4,100,836' .... B.i
Buffalo 4.611,182 6.4
Omaha 5.761,220 26.2 ....
Indianapolis 5,370,767 5.0 ....
Columbus, 0.. 4,310,700 .... 4.S
Savannah 4.663.193 139.6
Denver 3.749.558 25.9 ....
Hartford 2,757.001 4.0
Richmond 3.312,617 7.5 ....
Memphis ....' 2.925.945 27.7
Washington 7,503,101 5.0 ....
Peoria 1.M96.399 7.5
Rochester 2.376.634 10.1
New Haven 1.276.596 .... 15.6
Worcester .1.196.695 .... 29.2
Atlanta 1.720.791 16.2
Fait Lake City.... 2.235.490 11.7
Springfield. Mass... 1.268.354 .... 25.5
Fort Worth 1.542,021 .... 9.7
Portland, Me 905.553 .... 30.9
Portland. Or 1,546.269 .... 7.3
St. Joseph 4,028,087 59.5
Los Angeles 2,433,233 43.2
Norfolk 1,374;745
Syracuse 993,449 .... 4.4
Dcs Moines 1.950.992 45.0
Nashville 1.149.335 12.6
Wilmington. Del... 575.154 4.6
Fall River 847,338 .... ....
gcranton 1.119.578 .... 14.5
Grand Rapids 1.130,595 2.0
Autrusta, Ga 1.479. 750 68.8
Lowell 451,478 .... 6.6
Dayton, 0 1.119.755 20.4 ....
Seattle 1,513.579 5«.3
Tacoma 1,157,947 65.9
Spokane 1,0t9,504 1.8 ....
Sioux City 1,127.503 4.4
New Bedford 536.929 4.6
Knoxvllle, Term.... 495.950 3.6 •
Topeka 677.939 .... 10.5
Birmingham 7?6,511 46.5
Wichita £52,724 12.1
Blnghamton 376,100 .... 10.2
Lincoln 603,934 60.1
Lexington. Ky • 297,632 20.7 ....
Jacksonville. Fla... 402.870 2.5 ....
Kalamazoo 493.000 22.0
Bay City 419,798 45.4 ....
Chattanooga 264.677 4.6
Rockford. 11l 218.900 .... 18.0
Canton. 0 369,704 M.2
Springfield, 0 262,541 .... S.S
Fargo. N. D 165,325 16.2 , ....
Sioux Falls. S. D_ 142.737 8.3
Hastings, Nebr , 131.599 22. 4 ....
Fremont, Nebr 798,759 25.4 ....
Davenport 2,124.258 37.8
Toledo 6,227,000
Galveston 7,295,501 15.6 '
Helena 544,031 23.3
Evansvllle 994.924 39.4 ....
Little Rock ' 415.551 4.4 ....
Macon 657.000 30.1 ....
Pprlngfleld, 111 684,832 43.0
Youngstown 298,043 22.1 ' ....
Saginaw 346,926
Totals. U. S $1,611,020,647 .... TIA
Totals outside N. Y. 600,351,852 .... 2.9
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $11,181,371 .... 25.8
Toronto 5.906.355 6.4 ....
Winnipeg 1,585,074 7.0
Halifax 1.465.399 20.2
Hamilton 730,670 7.0
Pt. John, N. B 632.464 2.4
Vancouver' 735.896 80.7 ....
Victoria 601,785 14.2
Totals..., $26,242,033 ~6T»
Charters.
The Henry Wilson loads lumber at Grayt
Harbor for Hilo.
The Isle of Arran loads wheat at Portland
lor Europe. 37s 6d.
Exports of Wlieat.
Exports of flour from this port thus far this
crop year amount to C 90.400 barrels, agiinst
t63.530 during the same time last crop year.
Jteduclcg this flour to a wheat basis and
adding It to the exported wheat Rives total
•whnat exports for the crop year of 5.675.800
rentals, valued at 16,030.450. against 3.152.y00
centals at $4,007,0C>0 last year.
Weather Report.
ttTOth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
6AN FRANCISCO. March 16—5 p. m.
The following are the teaponal rainfalls to
tfate. as compared with those of same date
last feasou, and rainfalls In last twenty-four
fecure :
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 4S.IS 25.35
K<>d Bluff 0.00 15.41 14.98
Farramento 0.00 18.57 11.07
Fan Francisco 0.00 17.02 10.12
Fresno 0.00 7.C2 4.90
Independence 0.00 2.42 1.15
Fan Luis Oblspo 0.00 14.61 9.51
Los Angeles 0.00 5.55 3.52
Fan Diegd 0.00 3.12 J.M)
•yuma 0.00 0.76 1.24
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C 6; minimum, 47; mean. J2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the Pacific Slope,
except along the Immediate coast, where it is
generally cloudy and foggy.
An &ren of high pressure overlies the British
posses*- lor.* and Northern Montana, and a
trourh-llke depression extends northward from
Arizona through California and Orepon. The
pressure has fallen slightly in all districts.
The temperature has fallen slightly In Cali
fornia and remained nearly stationary In all
ether districts.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
California Saturday, with fog along the coaet
Saturday morning.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 17:
Northern California— Fair Saturday, except
fo^fry a'.or.g the coast In the morning; fresh
¦westerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Saturday, except
fogpy and cloudy along the coast; light westerly
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday. •
Far. Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday,
except fogry in the morning: fresh we«erl>
irtad G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
Silver firmer. Sterling Exchange weaker.
Wheat advanced. Other cereals remained stagnant.
Rather more demand for White Beans.
Hay soft under larger receipts. Bran unchanged.
Coal in better supply.
Potatoes dull and plentiful. Onions quiet.
Supplies of summer Vegetables steadily increasing.
Poultry and Game steady and unchanged.
Butter and Cheese easy. Eggs continue to weaken.
Four cars of Oranges auctioned.
Nothing nezv in Provisions.
Wool continues inactive.
Hides weak and neglected.
Continued on Page Eleven.
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing,
J27 60<325; Cocoanut Cake. $20321; Corn Meal,
J23J723 50; Cracked Corn. 523 50624; Mixed Feed,
$15 50: Cottoneeed Meal, $23 per ton. • •.'
HAY — Wheat. S7S9 for. common to good:
$9 50 for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat
and Oat. $6 £o®9; Oat." $665; Barley, S3#7; Al
falfa, $6@7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2S®3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Large Whites are dolne better, under an Im
proved demand, but Bayos are lower. Other
BEANS— Bayos. $3<g3 23; small White, $3 10
©3 25: large White, 53@3 15; Pinks. $2 30®
2 85: Reds, nominal; Blackeye. $4 35©4 65: But
ters, nominal: Lima. ,$5 15(35 23; Pea. *3 200
3 40: Red Kidneys. S3 oWj 4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4'.£@4%c: Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary.
3Hc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9«?10c; Rape, 2Vi@3c; Hemp, 4®4V4c;
Timothy, 4@4lic
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 50@l 90; Green.. sl 73
@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are dragging, with abundant stocks.
Onions are steady
• Asparagus and Rhubarb are selling very well.
They are being shipped East every day. in addi
tion to the regular local demand. Peas are
plentiful and weak.
Receipts were 1468 boxes Asparagus. 406 boxes
Rhubarb, 408 sacks Peas and 46 sacks New Po
tatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 70@SOc; River Keds.
70@SOc; Burbanks. 40@70c per sack: Oregon
Burbanks, 65c6U; Sweet Potatoes. $2 sfrg2 75
for Merced and $1 25 for Rivers; New Potatoes,
H£f»V4c.
ONIONS— $1 70®2 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 75c<g$l 50 per box:
Af>paragus, 50c&$l per box for No. 2 and SI 25©
1 60 for No. 1 and $1 75?J2 for fancy large; Green
Peas, l@3c per lb; String Beans, 4'SSc: Cabbage.
40®30c; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 23@4 75; Egg
Plant from Los Angeles. 7gloc; Dried Okra.
32% c per lb; Garlic. 2H@3^ic: Green Pep
pers from Los Angeles, ; Dried Peppers. Btf
10c: Carrots. 25<@33c per sack: Los Angeles Sum
mer Squash, $1 25 per box; Marrowfat Squash,
nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry and Game continue firm at the old
quotations, with here and there an exception.
Five cars of Eastern have come In thus far
this week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 11® 12c for Gobblert
and 114f12c for Hens: Geese, per pair, $2®2 23;
Goslings, $2 00@3; Ducks. $4@5 far old and $4ffs
for young: Hens, $4 30^6; Young Roosters. St
©7; Old Roosters, $4 Wai: Fryers, $6; Broilers,
}sf/5 50 for. large and Wfj I for small; Pigeons,
i\ 50-ftl 75 per dozen for old and $2 23Q2 50 for
Squabs.
GAME— Hare. Sl®l 25; Rabbits, $1 2591 50;
Gray Geese/ %2 50; White.- $1: Brant, $1 50<g2:
Honkers, $3 50^4 per dozen; English Snipe. 11 50
&3; Jack Snipe, U £0.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese.
.Stocks of Eggs are rapidly accumulating, as
receipts have been very heavy since the boom
began, and the sharp advance In prices has
checked the local retail demand. There are
etlll some boomers around, but their ranks are
thinning. Prices are lower and weak at the
decline. . •
The Butter market Is steady, with a fair
demand for the north. There Is no change in
Cheese. . .
BUTTER— .
Creamery — Fancy creamery 21c; seconds, 20c.
Dairy— Fancy. 19@20c:. go«Jd to choice, 17H0
ISHc; common, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, B®3Hc: old, 7%c;
Young America. 9<@loc: Eastern, 15@16c; West
ern. 13Ufj lCc i>er lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 135 14 c for store and 13©
17Hc per dozen, for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Four cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, |1 55@2 30; choice. Sl9
1 90; standard, 60cS$l 20. Lemons brought SI 40.
Strawberries from Palo Alto brought $1 per
drawer.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—SO©7Sc per ' box for common, $19
1 50 for good to choice. and SI 75@2 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 5C@3 73
per box; Seedllnss, 75c@U 50; Lemons. Jl'gl 50
for common and J3':J2 30 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes. $3 51*36: California Limes. 50®
75c; Bananas SI 25© 2 50 per bunch; Pineap
ples, S3 £o@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market continues neglected at nominally
unchanged quotations.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4g4Hc for
40-50's, 3®3Hc for 50-«o's. S@3^c for 60-70's.
SVic for 70-SO's, 3c for 80-90's and t\c for 90
100's; Apricots. *llSl2Vic for Royals. 12H@15c
for '. Moorparks > and 12@134c for Blenheims;
Peacnes. 6%56c for Standards, e^se^c for
choice and 7@%c for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10©
12Hc; Evaporated Apples, 6®7c; Sun-dried. 5@
tljc Per lb: Nectarines. 889 c: Pears. 3V4'S4Hc
for darK and 7&Sc for bright halves; Black
Figs. 2g2Hc; White Figs, IS3c; Bleached
Plums, B©9c: unbleached Plums. 7@7Hc for
pitted and lHc for unpitted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. SHe: choice. 7%c: standard. 64c;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc: Seedless,
50-lb boxes. sc: 2-crown. loose Muscatels, 5Hc;
3-crown, 6>4c: 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown, SI 60. Fancy
Clusters. {2; Dehesa. }2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. B@9c; Walnuts. S@9c for
standards and 9@loc for softshells; Almonds.
IIHSUo for paper shell. 9@loc for soft and 49
5c for hard shell: Peanuts, s»i©6^ic for Eastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts, 7H®Bc: Fil
berts, 12@12^c; Pecans, iigisc: Cocoanuts,
{4 50-35.
HONEY— Comb. 11%312e for bright and 10H@
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
79ic: light amber extracted, 7Vi®7Hc; dark.
5%©6 c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
The feeling in cured meats continue* weak
and the demand Is poor. No change in prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9>4c per lb for
heavy, 9^c for light medium. 10»4c for light. 12c
for extra light and 13c for susrar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; California Hams,
nominal; Mess Beef, {12 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
$13; Family, $14: extra Prime Pork. H4 50; extra
clear. {16 50; Mess. Jl5 50; Smoked Beef, 124 c
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at Shi'Qlc per lb for
compound and 7%0 for pure; half barrels, pure.
8c: 10-lb tins. S'^c: 5-lb tins, BSic.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%®3Hc per lb; 10-Ii
tins. 9Hc
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
There Is no further decline in Rides, but they
are weak and in free supply. *
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
lOHc; medium, 9V4c: light. 9Hc; Cowhides. 9}« c;
Stags, 7c: Salted Kip, 9Hc; Calf, 9H@loc; Dry
Hides, sound. 18c: culls and brands 15c- Dry
Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins
yearlings. ' 15@30c each; short Wool. 35f?60c
each; medium. 70@90c: long Wool. liai '5
each: Horse Hides. J2 25ig l 2 75 for large and 73c
eSI 75 for small; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. sigsVic per lb- Vo.
2. 4t?4Hc; refined, 6V4c; grease. 2ii®3c '
AVOOL— ' ' • ~
Fall clip. San Joaqutn plains. 9©loc: South
ern. 8@10c; Middle County. H@i3c: Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 17@20c: Eastern Oregon 130
16c; Valley Oregon. lS@2oc; Northern Mountain
free. llgfMc; Northern Mountain, defective 10<a
lie per lb. .
Jacob Wollner's circular says:
"The spring shearing has commenced in th#
southern part of the State and Is well under
••Our market, as well as the Eastern markets
has been very dull and quiet for the last threi
months. The mill men only go into the mar
ket when they are in need of certain wools to
splice put. as they laid in a larje sto?k of
wools in the fall months. The woolen jroodi
market seems -to be very strong and active
and woolen mills have never been so well cm
ployed as they are at present.
"The London sales, which opened the fith
Inst. showed a decline of 714«ift pVr cent. Since
then It has somewhat recuperated on V"ml
lines, although with an active demand prices
have not improved Tery much. More wools
are belntr offered at this sale than for many
bX'eTh'e'cEse* 3 " ">< '«£? -&.'
"It seems that the orders for winter eood«
In this country are of such a character that
coarse wools can be used. And in tne last
two months medium wools.. which were neglect
ed heretofore, are eagerljr sought after and
have advanced some ¦in prices, but hard^v
enough but that we can import some "f the
medium wools from foreign markets The
Americans arc close competitors at the present
London sales for that class of wool P resei «
'•There is very little new wool' comine In
and the old stock on hand In this m?rkft is
mostly In a scoured state. There seems to bl
no reason for wools going lower, as even with
the drop in London. American wools have the
advfjnce of^from 10. to 15 per cent. : Fore?™
wools have to drop 10 to ¦ 15 ' per ceSt
more before they would be on a par and couM
be Imported in this market "
"Of course, with such n long dull spell the
market is somewhat depressed and there are
some weak spots, but unless the eeneral hold
Ot Tf 1 * n 2 the woo! srowers wT™ reduce
mm 1 " mpn B if 1 "" l f such a fl * ure 'hat ?h*
mill men and speculators can take hold of
them., there does not seem to.be much «how
for an active market for two or three months
Jr. y .T,M tO , be hardenln * >" the Eastern
cities, and this Is also a factor In retarding
speculation. ,
'Prices . can only be quoted nominal, but
wools can be sold to-day at an -advance of 50
to 60 per cent to prices ruling at this time last
HOPS— «H©IOc P«»'lb[''
IThe feature of local securities on the morn
ing session was the decline In Giant Powder
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. March 16.— Bradstreet'B > to
morrow will say: Trade advices are as a whole
cheerful and the stretch of values Is apparently
unabated, though some soft spots still present
themselves. A permanent feature this' week
has been the increase In the strength of values
of farm products, nearly all the cereals, pork
products and cotton advancing, while materials
for manufacture and the products thereof have
generally remained, steady or unchanged. The
Government report on the quantity of corn In
farmers' hands showed a smaller than expected
supply and quite » an outbreak of speculative
Interest occurred, sympathized in by wheat
and both cereals reached : the highest point
touched on the crop of 1899. . Liquidations -on
the advance brought about some reaction in
prices, growing wheat crop advices proving
rather depressing as a whole and the statistical
position remaining . as bearish as -pointed out
in these columns last I week. : The . close finds
quotations' above those of a week ago. it
seems evident that the weather and the grow
ing crops will constitute price making features
for some time to 'come. . . -•
Manufacturers of shoes are busy and weather
conditions have rather favored the retailer by
enabling him to dispose ¦ of some carrled-over
stocks. - : ?y*lifr<yrT*WViTTd*tiHf*W!CJßff"t>!W
Copper has been .. stronger ¦in : tone. : Lead,
after a break due to enlarged receipts, is firm,
but slightly lower than a week ago. r -
Wool la fairly steady, but manufacturers are
out of the market and concessions can be ob
tained though London advices are better. ¦ -
Anthracite is lower, in keeping with the ad-
Ecu's are dearer. Che«s« is cheaper. Butter
is uncharged.
Poultry continues rather above th« normal In,
price. Game will soon disappear. Meats ara
about th« same.
New Strawberries have appeared in small
quantities. Asparagus. Rhubarb and Green
Peas are steadily becoming more plentiful.
Otherwise .there is nothing new in Fruits and
Vegetables.
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $ ©13 00;
Wellington .. ©10 00
New Welling- !
ton ®10 00;
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per
square 45® —
Do, per r0U.....40iif—
Do,' good SIHO—
Cheese. Cal 10#12
Theese Eastern.. ITM'M
Cheese. Swiss 20®35
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 12«17
Beef, choice 13T{20
Do. good lOtili
Domed Beef —©10
Ham. Cal 15 fM
Do. Eastern... 17Vj#— I
Lard 12«15
Mutton 12^15
Spring Lamb ISO-
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 60<355
iounit Roosters. |
each 75(390]
Old Roosters. ea..«5«75l
Fryers, each 65J373
Broilers, each sO'u«O
Turkeys, per 1b...15'520
Puck*, each 60@7j
- Fruits and Nuts—
Almonds, per 1b...1*«2<v
Apples »9 *
Bananas, dozen... ltxttl-M
Cranberries, qt — «*'?!
Granges, dozen....:';*}".
Lemons, dozen 10H?0|
Vegetable*—
Artichokes. d3-50c©Il 2>
Asparagus, lb.-.. JgJJI
Beets, dozen 12'<il.»;
Beans, white, lb.. s«—
Colored, per lb.. 4g j
Lima, per 1b....-» S
Cabbage, each....- S«ri
Cauliflowers, each »««o
Celery, bunch .... *£-
Cress, do* bnehs..2««->
Cucumbers. rerdz.sl«i
K*k I'lant. lb 1 ;!? 1 ,,
Green Peas. 1b.... 3@ «
Lentils. P*r ib.... f* »|
Lettuce, per dox..U<J— i
Flih— _?
Barracuda — 1?»
Carp 12i*—
Codnsh — 9»5
Flounders I-" —
Halibut 13W —
Herring 129—
Kingnsh — «la
Mackerel _*j—
Do. Horse — I>—
Perch IMS—
Pompano • — ** —
Roekflsh 13«T20
Salmon, fresh — Sxg^—
Do. smoked .... — **-G
Seattle « 50$
SouthfleM
Wellington.. G9 50
roos Bay — <FI »
Common Em»... .15^:7
Konch Eggs, per
dozen 30522
Honey Comb, per
pound 12?'. i
Do. extracted.. — ®1»
Pork, fresh IS4J»>
Pork, salt l^^
Pork Chops Isf-^
ftound Steak 10012
Sirloin Steak .... 15?—
Porterhouse d 0... tflf
Smoked Beef •••¦?-£.£
Pnrk Sausages.. l2V«- v 0
Veal «<?-
Geese. each...*l B^M
"lgeons. pair 401 M
Rabbits, pair 40g*i>
Hare, each — «*J>
Wild Geese, pair.. 40® CO
Entrlish Snipe.
per dozen ..3 00^3 -5
Jack Snlp« I 7593
Limes, per dozen. 12^13
Kaisins. iwr lb a#W
Strawberries, per
basket 20@39 t
Walnuts, per lb..— «lJ g
Onions, per lb $i?> 5
Okra. dry. per lb.— ©so
Peppers, greetulb— @ —
Potatoes, per lb.. 3'» i
Sweet Potatoes 4^ 5
Parsnips, per doa.V>**—
Rhubarb, per 1b... h'S *
Radishes, dz bcns.lu" r
'age. il<->z hnch«..2.w>
String Beans. 1b..1C-g'.2
Summer Squash.
per pound Sft'.'- 1
Thyme, per lb — 2P^f W
Turnips, per do*.P'
Tomatoes, per lb. ''©I*
Shrimps -f
3had — 95
Soa Bass mSH
So"les' 9 ...'".'.".".".'.'"--i JJ ® 1$
Skates, each »" ul -
Tomcod ££-
Clams, gallon.. : •v*"*r:
Do hardshell.!^.* '<f*
Crabs, each ¦¦¦¦¦\"U\'
Do softshe'.l. «1z .!•.«».;
I Do Eastern. tlox.-»«*»
NDW YORK. March 16.— Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: An event like
the passage and formal enactment of the cur
rency bill, accompanied as It Is by the prom
ise of a considerable Increase In the national
circulation, le something which the stock mar
ket expected to celebrate by an exhibition of
decided bullishness. But. although the action
of Congress on the measure was certain for
some weeks past, there was no demonstration
of tl:ia kind based on It and this week the
market has been dull, professional and at times
Inclined to sag lower. The undertone is bullish
and there is a general feeling that speculation
will be materially benefited by the bill. When,
however, the market on last Saturday and Mon
day developed considerable strength, accompa
nied by extensive covering by short | Interests,
the movement was abruptly checked by the
rise of the call loan rate to 6 per cent. Notice
was thus served on the speculative commu
nity that it erred In disregarding the decrease
of the bank reserves and the reduction of the
surplus to slim proportions in Saturday's bank
statement. The showing In question merely
supplemented the statement!) for a series of
weeks past, all of them pointing to the fact
that preparations by banks for taking out cir
culation under the new law have Involved tho
purchase of a large amount 'of governments,
a considerable part of which is being tempo
rarily carried on loans at New York, , thereby
diminishing the extent of the accommodation
the banks can at the moment extend to I tho
stock market. It would, seem that this warn
ing wan not lost. For the balance of the week
the market was very dull, with a disposition
to sell oft on the certainty that to-morrow's
bank statement will be bad, perhaps to the
extent of wiping out the surplus reserve and
substituting a deficit, although relief Is prom
ised from the treasury's payment of premiums
on bonds deposited In exchange for new 2's
and from interior' banks of ¦ funds to pay ' the
Government for bonds bought for circulation
purposes. Activity was confined to spots, and
a few specialties, notably Third Avenue, en
grossed the attention. of the- traders, while lit
tle attention was paid to the continued good
railroad earnings and the favorable reports
concerning Industrial properties. The dullness,
however, had Its benefits. The pressure on the
money market was relieved and call loans,
while firm, were generally held at 5 per cent
or !<>sk. Nor. while bear traders showed some
activity, was there any great display of confi
dence on their part, the prevalent feeling being
that when money relaxes prices would really
appreciate. The public, however, was con
spicuously inactive and the leading bulls showe,i
little or no disposition to do anything beyond
protecting their specialties to a certain ex
tent.
Foreign Futures.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The 'packers say that they have all tne Hcgs
they want now. owing to the recent arrivals
from the East. Other meats are unchar.?»d.
BEEF— 6U&7c per lb. for talr to choice.
VEAL— fr2loc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 3©S%c; ewes. T^SSc per
lb.
LAMB— Spring. MSlle per lb.
PORK— Live Hoes. 5T»c for small and me
dium and s%l}s*ie for large; stock Hcgs and
feeders. s!i'Bs%c; dressed Hogs. 7©S' ?s c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $5 «5: Calcutta
Grain Bags. «i'g6%c; Wool Bag 3, 25%332V";
Fleece Twine. 7%c
COAL— Wellington, ti per ton: new Welling
ton, |3; Southfield Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$8 SO; Bryant. $S 50; Coos Bay. $* 50; Wallsmd.
JS; Co-operative Wallsend. iS: Scotch. ;
Cumberland. |12 In bulk and 113 50 in sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. Jl3: Cannel. til
per ton; Coke. 115 per ton in bulk and 117 la
sacks. - .
Harrison's circular says:
"During the week there have been the fol
lowing deliveries of coal: From Wa»hln,j*on.
seven arrivals, with 13,453 tons; from -British
Cclumbla. seven, with 21,770 tons; faro from
Oregon. S2O tons; one from Australia. 2300 tons;
total, 44,444 tons. These generous arrival* makt
the market easy, as the quantity consumed :«
fully 15,000 tons less than the amount received.
If this continues for a month longer, the now
empty yards will gradually accumulate a small
stock, and we shall a<ain begin to breathe eas
ily on the fuel question. The last Australian
mail added a number of new names to the
loading list, so that about six months hence we
may look for some relief from that source.
Under exlstlne circumstances there should ba
a very lengthy list of chartered vessels for San
Francisco from the colonies." judging from our
past experience: as in former years, shipown
ers were ever ready to accept 42.6s to 43s per
ton for the round voyate (Newcastle to San
Francisco with coal and San Francisco to Eu
rope with wheat), whereas, now they can read
ily secure 52.6s for the same voyage, and yet
appear reluctant to charter.
••Honolulu coal requirements are diminishing
som«what. and it now appears as if the quan
tity contracted for. and yet to be delivered,
may prove in excess of the demand. This will
necessarily divert Colonial tonnage in this
direction, and probably cause a reaction In
freights in fact there are offerings now on
the market at a decline from last week's
rulln* figures." *
LUMBER— The Shenandoah took for Sydn«y
1 208 459 feet redwood. 25.140 feet sugar line.
330. 564 feet rough pine. 12.500 feet yellow pine.
5350 doors and 4502 bundles shingles.
RlCE— China Mixed. J4 05(34 10: China No. 1
$4 25@4 70; extra do. $3@3 50: Hawaiian. |5®5 25;
Japan $4 73@5: Louisiana. 14 50@7.
<suG\R The Western Suear rteflninsr Com
pany quotes. p<sr lb. in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.50 c; Powdered.
5.50 c; Candy Granulated. 5.10 c: Dry Granulated
Fine sc; Confectioners' A. Ec: Magnolia A.
4 eoc: Extra C. 4.50 c; Golden C. 4.40 c; Domlnos.
half barrels, 5.75 c; boxes, 6c; barrels. .10c more:
half barrels. .25c more: boxes, -50c more; 50-lb
bags 10c more, for all kinds. No order taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. MARCH IS.
Flour qr sks 17.057 Sugar, bbls H4
Wheat, ctls l.sno|Ume. bbls IS2
Barley, ctls 3, 4R0; Chicory, bbls V>
Oats, ctls 860 Hay. tons 7?J
Corn. East. ctls.. 600 Straw, tons 2S
Rye. ctls 50 Wool, bags 67
Cheese, ctls 93' Quicksilver, flsks 134
Butter, ctls 3lB|Leather, rolls — *>
Tallow ctls 471!Wlne. gals 74.6iv>
Beans 'sks 114|Egjrs. doz 23,ft5'>
Potatoes, sks 1.640! Pelts, bdls 242
Bran, sks I.92O;Hldes. No !37
Sugar, sks 2.1001 Middlings. B k s ... ja)
OREGON,
Flour, qr sks 10.5301 Onions, ska - 253
Oats ctls 500: Bran. sks. 1135
Potatoes, sks 4.187 Shorts, sks CS
Family Retail Market.
Bank Clearings.
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
ments. Anacondas were still weak on litiga
tion. Paris supported Tlntos. The bank lost
£300,000 gold engaged for the Cape and £15,010
for South America. It bought £33,000 in bars.
Bills were a shade easier. Silver was firm
on the French tender of 20,000 kilos. The cop
per fortnightly statistics shows stocks up 233
tons and supplies fifty-three tons.
CLOSING.
LONDON, March 16.— Canadian Pacific. 97*1;
Union Pacific preferred. 76%; Northern Pacific
preferred, 76Vi : Atchlson, 24: Grand Trunk. B>4;
Anaconda. 9%: Rand mines. 86; bar sliver,
steady, 27% d per ounce.
vanced stage of the season, while bituminous
grades of coal are firm. ' ¦ • ' . "
Though quiet the iron and steel situation has
developed a rather more confident tone.. Ijess
is heard about shaded quotations, though, on
the other hand, the volume of new business
has not been very large. Some low-grade pig
Iron has been moved at concessions. By the
taking of orders for Bessemer pig at Pittsburg
this week the entire production for the first
half of the year In that district has been
placed. Southern iron advices ore of steady
prices and of rather ,more inquiry on export
account. Except immediately In Chicago,
where the idleness of many thousands of men
has made dullness in the machinery and
kindred trades, the Western Iron situation
seems a strong one. Reportß of coming activity
in railroad building multiply, but It is possible
that a false construction. may be put upon tne
reports that 59,000 miles of new road are pro
jected. The heaviest mileage ever built was
In 1887, when less than 13.000 miles were con
structed, and it is of course safe to J*ay t" 3l
nothing like as large a total will be built tnis
year as is reported projected, more particularly
new railroad building will be largely a matter
of extensions of existing lines rather than tne
building of new rt>ad?. Structural material is
in better request and lome very large contracts
will shortly be placed. ," ,
.Wheat, including flour, shipments foj.the
week aggregate 2.727.450 bushels, aganpt 4,208.
758 buEhels last week, 4.114,046 bushels in the
corresponding week of 1599, 3,679,056 In JS»S,
1.62*. 434 In 1897 and 1,592.123 In 1696.
" Since July 1, this season, the exports of wheat
aggregate 141.208.53S bushels. agaln»t lis,Zio,ai
last year and 172.C20.670 in 1897-98. ' '
Business failures in the United States for the
week number' 190, as -compared ">'U,™'" 1
week, 205 in this week a year ago, 233 in isjs,
231 In 1897 and 300 in-ISS6. ¦'
Business failures in the Dominion of Canada
for the week number 28. as compared with -3
last week. 21 in this week a year ago, 23 in
IS9B, 36 In 1897 and 40 in 1596.
AUCTION SALES
THE S AN FB ANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 17, 1900.
became flrm. : with a alight increase •- in the
volume of business caused by renewed reports
of crop damage.: May got back to 67V4c. the
market closing firm at that figure. : Cables wire
firm. The cash demand , was poor and New
York reported but eighteen loads for export,
taken late to-day. , ¦ ' . ' _.
Corn was fairly active and Irregular. The
market opened firm and slightly higher, mainly
in, sympathy with wheat, but prices gradually
gave way to persistent selling. Late in the
session the market rallied with wheat and at
the close was steady at a shade advanced for
the day. May cloned a shade higher at 37?»c.
The market for oats was absolutely at a
standstill. May closed at 23%@'24c. unchanged.
Provisions were quite active and strong. Hog
prices were the highest of the season nnJ
packers bought liberally on this account. Pro
vision stock showed no increase anl wills an]
the strength of wheat had , considerable In
fluence-on trading, the demand being tfof.d all
day. May pork closed 7%c higher; May lard
5c higher and May ribs 5*87%e higher.
• The leading futures ranged as follows:
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
GRAND EXHIBITION
AND
AUCTION SALE
Of the Greatest Collection of
ANTIQUE AND JKODEBN JAPANESE
AND CHINESE OBJECTS OF
ms AND CURIOS
Ever Placed Before the Public of San Francisco.
SALE'BEQINS fIMMY, Saturday.
March 17ta.
To Continue Dally at 11 a. m.. 2 p. m.. 7 p. n.
SW COR. GEARY and STOCKTON sts ..
Opposite the City of Tarls and Union Srtuare.
T. McDONALD. Auctioneer.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Clos.
-Wheat No. 2— . • „,/
May C ..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 67" 67% 66*6 67' A
July 67% 68 67%. 68
Corn No. 2—2 — ; ;. . - • •'
March .... •••• »™
May 37% 37% 36% 37-*
July 37% 31% 37% 37**
September. .38% 38% 37% SS>*
Oats No. 2— , _¦
May 23T4 24 23% 24
July 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel • - ¦ -
May ....1105 1117% 1105 1115
July 1105 U 12% 1105 11 10
Lard, per 100. pounds— JjJ~
May 605 6 07% 605 6 0.%
July ........6 15 615 6 12% 615
• Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
May 6 05. -8 10 « 15 6 07%
July 6 05 6 10 6 05 6 10
Dun's Review of Trade.
AUCTION SALE
Art*b jt-^ /fcfv
OT— —
A 100 HEAD OF HORSES AND MULE 3.
(Must be sold./
At 1625 MARKET ST.. near Twelfth.
MONDAY. March W. 13C0.
. . At 11 o'clock. Rain or shine.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
&* £s fe
AT SWITZER'S HORSE MARKET, Twelfth
and Harrison. TUESDAY. March 20, of 50 head
of broke and unbroken Horses, ranging in
weight from 10CO to 1300 pounds, and from 4 tr> 6
years old. Horses will be at yards for inspec-
tion Sunday. March 1 v
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Livestock Auctioneers; Office 327 S;xth st
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring Wheat, 62<368c; No. 2 red,
fiJTr69%c; No. 2 Corn. 364 c: No. 2 Oats, 23%@
2!>ic: No. 2 White. 26@27»,{c; No. 3 White, 2L\®
26'4c; No. 2 Rye, 664 c; No. 2 Barley. 36%<542c:.
No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 62; Prime Timothy Seed.
J2 524; Mess Pork, per barrel. $10 50® 11 15;
Lard, per 100 pounds. $5 90©6 02%: Short Rib
Sides, loose, $5 95<gfi 20; Dry Salted Shoulders,
boxed, «V4«?6%c; Short Clear Sides, boxed, td 30
®6 40; Whisky, distillers' finished 'goods, per
gallon, $1 24%. Sugars— Cut Loaf, 5.95 c; Granu
lated. 6.39 c. • •
'Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, v barrels -68,000 67,000
Wheat, busheli .- 34,000 15,000
Corn, bushels 211.000 18.000
Oats, bushels" .318,00") 168,000
Rye, bushels 4.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 60.000 27.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy; Creamery, 19©24 c; Dairy, 16
@22c. Cheese, 12@13c. Eggs, firm; fresh, 15c.
NEW YORK. March 16.— R. O. Dun &. Co. s
Weekly" Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
The new monetary act which was signed and
took' effect on Wednesday has not affected busi
ness, perceptibly, as yet. Designed as a barrier
against future harm it was by some expected
to have immediate influence through Provisions
regarding bank circulation. While %2,\OQ,WQ
will be added to the New York circulation the
increase thu» far Indicated will be mainly in
terior, affecting the chief monetary centers
only by ' lessening reliance upon them when
more currency Is wanted. ,
The grain movement is fading In Importance.
Corn exports, have been in two weeks only
5,497,102 bushels, against 7,126.633 last year,
though prior to March 132,952,002 bushels were
exported, against 99,549,944 last year. The
wheat movement is falling behind rather less
than it has been In recent weeks, owing parti,
to large Pacific shipments. Atlantic exports
In two weeks have been 3.009,454 bushels, flour
included, against 6.229,478 last year, and Pa
cific exports 2.566,077 bushels, against 1.427.3.6
bushels last year. While Government esti
mates of wjieat In farmers' hands showed a
sufficient quantity with visible supply to meet
besides all home requirements as large foreign
demands as those of last year and yet leave n.
large surplus there Is no reason to expect that
last year's foreign demand will be equaled.
The price advanced 14c for the week and corn
advanced 14c. ":'
• St. Louis efforts to excite new confidence In
higher prices for Iron have never had the de
sired effect. While various mrakets are called
stronger not a quotation has advanced, but
tank plates at Plttsburg are lower. Eastern
grey forge has sold there In considerable quan
tity at $20 60, against $21 for local forge, and
Southern No. l'foundry is selling here at $22 75.
against $23 50 for Northern No. 1. Bessemer
pig Is still held at $24 at valley mills, though
email lots are obtainable at Plttsburg at $24 50.
Large contracts are mentioned as in prospect,
but none Is clcsed except a structural contract
for the Government printing office. Much work
Is deferred because of the builders and ma
chinists' strike at Chicago and because of doubt
whether prices can be held with the output
exceeding consumption over one thousand tons
per day. Copper Is strong and a shade higher,
but large arrivals have caused some decline In
tin.
It Is not strange that higher prices have
been asked for most cotton goods with the
markets for raw cotton higher than they have
been since January 10, 1593, and the break In
prices did not go far enough to change the
situation. With print cloths at 34c. against
4.06 c early in 1893. standard and Southern sheet-
Ings Vi®4c lower and ginghams lc lower than
In 1893 the mills would be asking more if they
had not taken large supplies of cotton before
the rise In February. The disposition to order
goods ahead is much affected with much doubt
about price, and consumption would probably
be affected If present prices were to continue.
Sales of wool have been only 7,332.700 pounds
In two weeks. Manufacturers have such sup
plies that they buy only to piece out for special
wants, and the best dealers report that a yield
ing of lc would be required In order to effect
sales. Quotations are really nominal for lack
of transactions. The mills are still producing
great quantities of goodß without buying wool.
Prices of leading goods have not declined, but
others, both plain and fancy, are somewhat
weaker. - ... .
The yielding In satin leather ha« led to con
siderable sales of men's shoes at 2%c decline,
but the concessions recently made in boots by
makers who held old stock of leather are now
refused, and it is claimed that transactions In
hemlock and oak sole have been larger than
at any time since November. Mc»t of the
makers are receiving very slender orders. The
market for hides at Chicago Is again weaker,
though the decline Is not large.
Failures for the week have been 198 in the
United States, against IS9 last year, and 23 In
Canada, against 30 last year.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Mar. May. July.
Opening .' 5 94 .6 84
Closing 5 9ft 5 8%
PARIS.
Wheat — Mar. May-Aug.
Opening 19 95 20*5
Closing 19 93 20 75
Flour—
Opening 25 79 26 85
Closing : 25 75 ¦ 26 85
. i . . . . ? .
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. March 15. -CATTLE— Receipts,
2500; receipts for the week largest of this year;
ir.arket generally firm. Natives, good to prime
steers, $4 75©5 80; poor to medium, $4®4 60:
selected feeders, strong, ft 20@4 80; mixed,
strong, $3 40@4 SO; cows, steady. Sl®3 25; heif
ers, *3 15@4 50; canners'. $2 40Q* 95; bulls. $30
4 25; calves. $4 50@7 10. Texsins— Receipts, 400.
Texas fed steers, firm, active, $3 85®4 80; Texas
bulls, strong. $3 20®3 70.
HOGS— Receipts, to-day, 19.CC0; to-morrow,
estimated, 16.000; left over. 20uO; average fully
5c higher: highest hog market since July. 1895.
Mixed and butchers'. S4 Ss'£s 124: good to
choice, heavy, Js@s 12%; rough heavy, }4 Ss@
4 95: light, $4 So®s 02%: bulk of sales, $5(35 06.
SHEEP— Receipts, 60C0; lambs, steady; good
to choice wethers, $5 75@6;falr to choice mixed,
$SGJS 50: Western sheep, J5 50@5 90: yearlings,
to 80®6 50; native lambs, J3 50®7 25; Western
lambs, |6@7 25.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. March 16.— At the wool auction
sales) to-day 4410 bales were offered, which
consisted of exceptionally fine selections of
merinos at slightly advanced prices. Super
fine Geelongs went to America and Queensland
wools to the Continent. Greasy lambs wools
were taken by the home trade and Inferior lots
by French and German representatives. A
good selection - of crossbreds were offered,
American buyers taking suitable lots at 2% to
5 per cent advance. Competition was keen and
prices firm.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. March 16.— Clearings, $221,923;
balances, f35,454.
Northern Wheat Market, -j
PORTLAND. March . 16.— The local Wheat
market Is holding steady In sympathy with
other markets and with just about a sufficient
demand to take up everything that Is offered.
Walla Walla. 53@54c; Valley, 62353 c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. March 16.— Consols, 101 5-16: silver,
27Hd; French rentes, lOlf 22% c. Wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; .cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 Standard Cali
fornia. 29s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla. 27s 6d;
English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. March 16.— Wheat firm; French
country markets, steady. ,
COTTON— Uplands. 5 19-32 d.
WHEAT— Spot, steady, firm; No. 1 northern
spring. 6s 2%d. Futures quiet; March, nom
inal; May. 6« 9%d; July. 5s B%d.
CORN — Spot steady; American mixed, new,
Ss lid; old. 3s 114 d. Futures quiet; May, 3s
10% d; July. 3s 10% d.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TOnK, March 16.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15.054 barrels: exports, 13,973 barrels; sales,
8100 packages: market fairly active and firmer,
6(810c higher on • some grades;- Minnesota pa
tents, $3 75W1; winter patents, $3 65@3 90; win
ter straits. J3 45*ff3 60; winter extras. $2 60©2 95.
WHEAT— Receipts, 60.800 bushels: exports,
25,995 bushels: sales, 2100 bushels futures; 165,
000 bushels export; spot firm; No. 2 red, 78c
elevator: • No. 2 red, 79»iigS0c afloat: No. 1
Northern Duluth, 79% c afloat: No. 1 hard Du
luth, 81c afloat. Options opened firm on smaller
Argentine shipments than expected Rnd bullish
home crop news. Realizing at midday led to
a setback, but shorts were again forced to
cover In the last hour by an advnnce In corn
so that the market was finally firm at V4c net
advance. March closed at 77Uc; May, 73V«f*
13% c. closed at 734 c; July, 73 6-3G®73Hc. closed
at 73% c: September, 73?i@734c, closed at 73Hc
HOPS— <3ulet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Market for futures closed steady
at s®lo points net advance. Total sales were
23.000 bags, including May, $6 86; July, $6 00;
August, J6 90; September. $7: October. J7: No
vember. $7 05; December. $7 2S. Spot— Rio,
steady; No. 7 Invoice, SV'ic: No. 7 Jobbing, 794 c.
Mild, quiet and steady; Cordova,' 94@l4c.
SUOAR— Raw. strong; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 2591 packages; firm;
"Western creamery, 2O^T2Gc: factory. 17<?f2Oc.
EGGS Receipts, C 287 packages; market bare
of stock; Western nt mark, 20c; Southern. 19
®20c.
- DRIED FRUIT.
Orders for evaporated apples were conspicu
ous by their absence. On the other hand, how
ever, offerings were liberal, which, with light
receipts and generally unfavorable country ad
vices, tended to create a rather weak under
tone. Prices at the close though were at the
old baFis. California dried fruits were quiet
and without Important feature* to speak of. -
-STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
44ffT54c; prime, 6@Ct4c; choice, -7@7V4c: fancy,
7«i«iß«4c. • ' ' : : ~
CALIFORNIA PRUNES— 3H®7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13iriRc: Moorpark, 15@lRc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18f?22c*. unpeeled, 74@9c.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, March 16.— The principal feat
ure of the metal market. to-day was the Irregu
larity of cables. A decline of 17s 6d for tin
In London caused a similar decrease of 25f/Jf>
points, closing nominally at $33 25, easy. Cop
per ruled firm in sympathy with an advance of
10s abroad, -closing firm and unchanged at
$16 37%. Piglron warrants continue dull and
nominal; lead, while quiet, ruled a shade'eas
ier, closing {I 674 bid and $4 7J4 asked. Spel
ter-was weak and lower. on liberal offerings,
closing weak, at $4 53®4 624. . The broker's
price for lead was $4 45 and for copper |16 50.
8Lenten Services.
The third Sunday Lenten service under
the auspices of the Calvarlan Society will
be held at St. Mary's Cathedral to-mor
row afternoon at 3 o'clock. The "Way of
the Cross" will be made, and after a ser
mon benediction will be given. Rev,
James P. Moran will speak, his'subject
being:- "John, the Beloved." ¦ •
POSTTJM CEBEAI*
GROCER AND COFFEE
Helped Out of Trouble by Postum
Cereal Coffee.
"The daily use of coffee caused indi-
gestion to both myself and family, my
husband being the worst affected; an
hour or so after using coffee, the form
of indigestion called belching or gas
rising, was shown, often accompanied
by pain and sick stomach. We had
heard of the merits of Postum Food
Coffee and concluded to try it. We were
much pleased with the results and are
now using Postum in preference to any
other hot drink. The sick feelings that
used to come from coffee drinking have
disappeared.
"I have known of several who de-
clared that Postura was weak and in-
sipid, after the first trial". I always dis-
cover that in such cases the Postum
Coffee has been boiled about the same
length of time as for coffee, which is
not half enough- I have taken pains to
explain to such people that if they
would use four heaping teaspoons to the
pint of water, let it stand on the stove
until the real bubbling begins, then note
the time by the clock and allow it to boil
full 15 minutes from that time, stirring
down occasionally, it would produce a
rich, clear, deep brown color, with a
fine, crisp taste.
"Mr. H. H. Bidwcll of Springfield.
Mo., who had been a user of coffee for
vcar's. concluded that his indigestion
vvas caused by coffee drinking. _He tried
Postum and is now a great friend and
advocate of it, both for young and old.
Mr. Dan Trogden, one of Green Coun-
ty's leading farmers, had a somewhat
similar experience. My husband is a
grocer and says that the sales of Pos-
tum are steadily increasing as it be-
comes more and favorably known. Mrs.
Fred Lippman, Springfield. Mo."
Nominations at San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. March 16.— The city cam
paign was formally opened to-night by
the selection of a full ticket for the spring
city election, which occurs April 21. by the
Committee of One Hundred, which waa
selected by the leading citizens of all par
ties who conduct the campaign. Colonel
A. K. Whltton presided at a meeting in
Turn Vereln Hall, and about 300 people
of all political faiths were present.
Speeches were made by F. B. Brown. J.
W. Ryland. J. R. Lewis, Owen Richard
son and others, and in nominating the
ticket it was dwelt on that it was neces
sary to select men above suspicion and
who would give the city a business ad
ministration. The ticket selected Is- aa
follows: Mayor. Henry J. Edwards:
Treasurer. William Fisher; Clerk, William
Dougherty: Councilmer> — Second Ward.
Byron Millard; Third Ward, Tobe Lord.
Students Will Play Faculty.
BERKELEY, March 16.— The Skull and
Keys Society of the University of Cali
fornia has decided to play a game of base
ball with a team picked from the faculty.
Too Much Hospitality.
Customs Inspector F. A. Clark has been
laid off for a month without pay on ac
count of a too free Indulgence In Scotch
highballs and champagne on board the
Solace, the United States transport ship.
Friday afternoon, March &. This inter
fered with Clark's duties, as he waa tome
hours In recovering.
GOLDEN JUBILEE OF
THE GOLDEN STATE
Native Sons Make Preliminary Ar
rangements for a Grand Celebra
tion in September Next.
A meeting of the Joint 9th of September
committee of the Native Sons was "held
last night in Shasta Hall. Native Sons'
building. James D. Phelan of Pacific Par
lor presided.
James L. Gallagher of the committee on
order of business presented a report sug
gesting the designation of sub-commit
tees and number of members for each to
carry on the work as follows:
Auditing. hall« and headquarters, hotels and
accommodations. entertainment, excursions,
parade, music, decorations, carriages and local
transportation, press, bulletins, souvenir, grand
ball, badges and regalias, printing, literary
exercises, regatta, coherence with other or
ganizations, reception, finance, invitation.
The committee suggested that there be
a fchort, eharp, energetic and vigorous ef
fort on behalf of the celebration, and that
no action be taken until after the ad
journment of the Grand Parlor. The re
port was adopted and the several commit
tees will be named later on.
D. A. Ryan of the committee to which
was referred a proposition by one Neill to
get up a baseball tournament under the
auspices of the Native Sons, who should
receive 30 per cent of the gross receipts,
less incidentals, presented a report, which
on motion to adopt was lost.
The president announced that he had
received a letter from Steve V. Costello
suggesting that if the dragon festival
which the Chinese are to have could . be
postponed until the 9th of September It
would be an attractive feature of the pro
cession.
D. A. Ryan thought that it would be but
a poor showing on the part of the Native
Sons for what they had done In fifty
years, and he suggested that the commit
tee of five 'which it had been proposed
should be appointed to consider the mat
ter "be killed on the spot," and the com
mittee was killed. :..-•;. v>'- =--<•*
A member requested the president to
ask the committee to attend the presenta
tion by General Shatter of the historic
cannon to the city next Wednesday, and
the president, whose mind wandered from
the meeting in which he was. expressed
the hope "that the committee of one hun
dred" would attend the presentation, but
the laugh that followed this announce
ment reminded him of his error and he
changed the announcement to "the com
mittee of 1900."
The committee will secure the Mechan
ics' Pavilion, and the secretary was in
structed to make arrangements to that
end. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Every man ' owes ; something to himself,
but If a what Ihe • owes to ¦ other " men that
causes : all the trouble. : .
SULLIVAN BESTS BROAD.
NEW YORK. March 16.— Dave Sullivan
of Boston defeated Kid Broad of Cleve
land in a twenty-five round bout at 124
pounds at the Broadway Athletic Club to
ripht. Four months ago these two feather
weights met at the same clubhouse, and
on that occasion Broad got the dec^lon.
Both ftien were in prime condition to
r.ipht. Broad was the favorite at 100 to 70
in the betting.
Ruhlin's Challenge.
NEW YORK. March 16.— Gus Ruhlin to
day issued a challenge to all the crack
big ft'.'.uws, including Champion James J.
Jeffries*. ;ind posting $2&») as evidence of
good faith. He names Sharkey first and
then extends the offer to McCoy, Fitzsim
rnons and Jeffries in the order named.
Sporting men generally admit that Ruhlin
has improved much recently, and many
of them believe he would give any one
of the four men mentioned a rattling good
light.
Hellman Loses on a Foul.
SACRAMENTO, March IC— The twenty
round contest between Al Hellman and
Tom Prendergast of this city came to a
sudden termination in the ninth round to
night. Hellman fouled his opponent by
a blow on the groin, when he had the
tight all but won. and Referee Alex Greg
gains gave the decision to Prendergast.
Bryan Not to Attend.
KANSAS CITY, March 16.— 1t is stated
that Hon. W. J. Bryan will not be here
during the national convention in July.
The hotels have been anxious to entertain
the Nebraska delegation because it was
thought Mr. Bryan would 1 be with the
other Nebraskans. The manager of one
of the hotels said to-day that while the
pub-committee cf the Democratic Na
tional Committee was in Kansas City on
Monday and Tuesday he had received in
formation that Mr. Bryan would not be
here. He declined to give the source of
his information.
Killed by an Emery Wheeel.
Frxv-'aJ Tjisnatch to The Ca
CORNING: March 16.— A. H. Graves was
killed to-day. He was running an emery
wheel, grinding plowshares, when the
wheel burst, a piece of it striking him in
the abdomen, and he died In a few hours.
Damages Awarded.
SANTA CRUZ. March 16.— A jury to-day
rendered a verdict for the plaintiff for
50500, the full amount of damages de
manded in the case of N. Sambuck
against the Southern Pacific Company.
Plaintiff was injured In a collision near
Capltola six months ago. ¦
Return of Webster Davis.
NAPLES. March 16.— Webster Davis,
United States Assistant Secretary of the
Interior, sailed for New York to-day on
board the North German Lloyd steamer
Alle/
A Wagnerian Surprise.
Walter Damrosch will give his last ex
planatory recital at Sherman. Clay &
Co 's Hall this afternoon at 3:30, when his
Wagnerian treatise will be "Tristan and
Isolde" A' great surprise is announced,
inasmuch as Mme. Gadnki will sing three
numbers. ~ • .
AN HONEST DRUGGIST
WILL ALWAYS GIVE YOU
Hunyadl J&nos
If you Ask for the Best Natural Laxative Water. : .
¦'.' ;¦" ;: ;: . : - '- •-¦ - ¦ '' ¦ • •. : ' :¦
Others^will give you a cheap substitute on which they '
** make a few cents more profit. 'U
For Constipation or Stomach Disorders
Hunyadi Janos Has No Equal. - * .
Slashed With a Razor.
Charles Soulard, a colored porter, and
Tony Phillips, another colored man. were
shaking dice in a saloon corner of flut
ter and Hyde streets yesterday afternoon,
when they quarreled. . They went outside
to settle their differences and Soulard
Flashed Phillips on the face, neck and
chin with a razor. He was arrested and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of assault to murder. Phillips, who lives
at 2219 Powell street, was taken to Dr.
Meininger's office, close by, and had his
wounds stitched and dressed.
WILCOX'S MEMORY GOOD.
Three Shots Were , Fired , Into His
Wife's Body, as He Stated.
Bpeoial IMspatch'toTlie Call.
V SANTA - ROSA. March 15.— Although
George' F. Wllcox, the ; wife : murderer,
claims to have been insane when: he com
mitted his brutal deed and although he
says that as soon as he fired the first shot
Into his wife's prostrate body he com
pletely i lost , : himself , and has no distinct
recollection of what followed, he certainly
recalled some of the details of the affair
very clearly. This was proved to-day
when the body of his victim was exhumed
and examined by the authorities. ¦ -
At his preliminary hearing Wilcox stated
that he hred three times, -air of the shots
taking effect. He said the first bullet en
tered his wife's head back of her left ear,
the second struck her in the left eye and
the third shot' was fired while the revolver
was held • close to the prostrate woman's
cheek. -The testimony introduced at. the
Coroner's Inquest was that but one bullet
had struck the victim and that had lodged
In - her - head. .The conflicting ¦ statements
led to the body being exhumed to-day, for
examination as stated. /
/ The examination took place at Kelsey
ville, where Mrs. -Wllcox was buried last
Sunday. Sheriff Frank P. Grace, Assistant
District* Attorney J. P. ; Berry. Dr. P. A.
Meneray and Court Reporter H. A. Scott
of this city . were present. A careful ex
amination , of ) the ; body a revealed the fact
that Wllcox's story of the shooting:, as far
as the effect of the gunshot wounds were
concerned,- was correct In every detail.
One bullet entered the -.back' of. the head
just ¦ behind " the left . ear, another struck
the left eye and the third penetrated . the
center of the left s cheek. 'Powder burns
plainly discernible upon I the face showed
that .the last shot had been fired at close
range aa.stated.
Pretty Girl Disappears.
OAKLAND, March 16. — Rose Sllva
Lema, the 16-year-old daughter, of Antone
S. Lema ' of Newark, has been missing
from her home since last Tuesday, and no
trace of her has been found since. The
town of Newark, is aroused over the
strange disappearance.
She was last seen on Tuesday, when she
visited the home of . Mrs. M. Coff ey in
Newark. . , What adds mystery to the case
is that no one saw her leave the Coffey
place.
Board of Public Works Rebuked.
'Mayor Phelan's Board of Public. Works
came in for a scathing rebuke at the
meeting of the San Francisco Labor Coun
ell last night. A delegation from ;^ the
Pavers' Union stated that the board was
favoring t.cab pavers and painters on city
work, to the exclusion of organized labor.
The extcutlve committee -was directed to
look Into 'the matter and report at the
next meeting. Delegates C. Woods of the
Electrical - Workers' ; and Thomas Wright
of the Typographical Union were seated.
Knocked Down by a Wagon.
Albert Coon, a boy 19 years of ag», re
siding at 252 Perry street, was riding a
bicycle on Market street yesterday, morn
ing on his way to the telephone office on
Hush street, where he Is employed, when
he was struck by a wagon at Stockton
Ptreet and thrown to the ground. He wna
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
it was found that he had escaped with a
cut over his eye and a contused thigh. The
driver of the wagon did not stop, but
whipped up his horses. • He was chased
and captured and taken to the City Pris
on He pave the name of F. Guidotte and
was booked for battery. •
No Banner Selected.
The committee appointed by Mayor Phe
lan to pass. upon a design for a municipal
flag met yesterday morning, and although
two hundred designs were submitted the
committee found it impossible to make a
selection. -*.^-A ¦? :
Changes in Company H.
Captain James Powers of Company H,
First Regiment, League of the Cross Ca
dets, resigned his command Thursday
night, and Second Lieutenant John Keat
ing was elected his successor. Sergeant
William Beasley was elected second lieu
tenant.
Commissions Allowed to End of Year.
J. C. Stubb?, E. O. McCormick and Wil
liam Sproule of the Southern Pacific Com
pany arrived in the city yesterday, after
an extended trip to the East, where they
went for the purpose of attending the pas
senger meetings held in Chicago and New
York. They say that commissions have
been permanently abolished, save those
paid to the different excursion agencies,
and these will be allowed only until the
end of the year. Stubbs absolutely denies
that he is the authority for the statement
that the Eastern agencies in this city
were to be abolished. The question was
never as much as thought of and waa
never discussed. •
Two Divorces Granted.
OAKLAND. March 16.— Judge Hall t>
da^ granted a divorce to Caroline Wood
from. William G. Wood on the ground of
willful desertion: and to Alpha A. Nolan
from John A. Nolan on statutory grounds.
In both cases custody of a minor child
was awarded to the plaintiffs.
Rev. Joseph Adams' Funeral.
OAKLAND, March 16.— The remains of
the late Rev. Joseph Adams arrived from
Seattle to-day, and the funeral will take
place to-morrow afternoon from Albert
Brown's undertaking parlors. Rev. Mr.
Adams was a prominent Christian Scien
tist. At one time he published the Truth
Gleaner at Chicago. The widow, Mrs. J.
A D. Adams, M. D., at present resides in
Chicago.
Redwine Pays Up.
J. S. Redwine, formerly Postmaster at
Covelo, Round Valley, has made good the
shortage of several hundred dollars which
was found In his account and for which
he was indicted by the Federal Grand
Jury. It is expected tbat the Indictment
will be dismissed.
WILL WED AT
NOON TO-DAY
Miss Beatrice Tobin and
Charles Raoul Duyal to
Be Quietly Married.
At noon to-day Mlbs Beatrice Tobln and
Charles Raoul Duval will be married at
the residence of the bride's mother, Mrs.
M. A. • Tobin, corner of California and
Taylor streets.
It is to be a very quiet wedding, ami
only relatives and a limited number of
friends will be present when Father Prcn
dergast pronounces the happy young
couple husband ar«l wife.
The bride will be attended by -her sisters,
the Misses Agnes and Celia Tobin, ami the
bride's brother, Richard Tobin, is to be
best man. Harry R. Simpkins and Peter
D. • Martin will officiate as ushers. The
bride will 'wear a magnificent gown of
cream-white satin elaborately trimmed
with rare old lace, and her sisters, who
will officiate as bridesmaids, are to be at
tired alike In white chiffon over whit? silk.
It is to be a pink and white, wedding.
and pink and white blossoms will be U3e-1
in the elaborate decoration of. the house.
Immediately after the ceremony the newly
wedded couple will leave for a southern
trip. Although the future home of the
young people is to be in Paris, they will
not go there till next winter, and the
months between are to be spent on this
coast.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan Is at the
Palace. ¦:.'¦:; I'".
W. R. Spaldlng, a Vlsalia lumber man,
is at the Lick.
W. H. Clary, a mine owner of Stockton,
is a guest at the Lick. -
B. V. Sargent, an attorney of Salinas,
is a guest at the Occidental.
Frank W. Griffin, a mine owner of Oro
vllle, is a guest at the California.
W. Forsyth, a raisin grower of Fresno,
is registered at tMe Occidental.
Dr. K. B. Walte of Cleveland, Ohio, is
at the Lick, accompanied by his wife.
W. C. Martin and the Misses Martin are
at the Palace from New Brunswick, N. J.
C. C. Bush Jr., a banker of Redding, is
among the arrivals of yesterday at the
Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. C. E. Lum of Duluth,
Minn., are among the arrivals at the
Grand. --'
E. M. Samuels, a prominent New York
music publisher, is In the -city on a short
business trip.
Seventy-five excursionists from Pennsyl
vania arrived in the city yesterday and
went to the Palace.
Mrs. Edwin Mayo and her son arrived
in the city yesterday from the EasU
They are at the Palace.
R. A. Lane, a well-known attorney of
Los \ Angeles and a member of the Board
of Police' Commissioners of that city, ia
registered at the Grand Hotel.
Colonel A. Andrews, who was reported
on the verge of death In his apartments
at the Lick, has so far recovered as to be
able to sit up. He was. merely suffering
from a bad attack of grip, which has left
him very weak but in no danger.
Monroe Goldstein, one of the progres
sive young business men of Fresno, is
in the city on his way to Paris, where
he goes to represent the Board of Super
visors . and tbe Fresno Chamber of ' Com
merce at the Exposition. Mr. Goldstein
will carry with him a mass of litera
ture setting forth to the world the cli
matic advantages of Fresno and- the
adaptability of . its soil to the. culture, of
the olive and the vine. He will expatiate
on the growth. of the county's industries
and give ocular demonstration that finer
raisins can be produced In the San Joa
quin than on the famed slopes of Va
lencia. • .
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
BERKELEY, March 16.— The freshman
class held a meeting this morning, at
which it waa decided to hold the custom
ary Bourdon ceremonies. The class voted
$200 for that purpose, to be raised by sub
scription. Instead of the ceremonies tak
ing place on the campus they will be held
in the gymnasium. An entertainment of
some sort will be given and admission
charged. The proceeds will be given to
the track team on Us Eastern tny.
The senior class at Its meeting this
morning decided to levy an assessment of
$3 per capita. The regents have set aside
$400 for expenses during graduation week.
About $1000 will be required.
The reception to the freshman class,
which was postponed last week, will be
held to-morrow.
The musical clubs of the University of
California ¦ will give an entertainment at
the Macdonough Theater to-morrow.
ENGAGED TO DAUGHTER
OF ALAMEDA'S EX-MAYOR
ALAMEDA. March 16.— The engagement
Is announced of Miss Carrie Fordercr,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph F. For
derer, to F. Arthur Hammersmith. The-/
will be married shortly after Easter. Both
are well known in society. Mr. Hammer
smith is connected with the Alaska Tread
well Gold Mining Company.
to his first effort to quell secession. Then
the major married and settled down to
th» raising of a large family, which he
did successfully, and came to California.
Here secession came into his life from all
directions. First it was a political seces
sion. Major Howe had been an earnest
Republican, like most old soldiers, but
when he settled in the Sonoma Valley
he seceded from the Republican party and
became the first Populist candidate for
Congress in that district many years ago.
Following that, the major came to Oak
land, and during the : Presidential cam
paign of four years ago he became quite
excited over the prospect of the election,
and withdrawing from Oakland to a small
island in the Sacramento River' he an
nounced his secession from the United
States of America. He raised his own
flag over his island and declared that he
would never set foot in the United States
of America as long as Hanna was in the
Senate. Secession became uncomfortable"
after about three weeks of experiment,
and the major came back under the flag.
Troubled Family and the Cause of Its .Woes.
OAKLAND, March 16. — A "solar
biologist" . has caused a final
secession in the family of Major
W. O. Howe of this city, and has
resulted In a divorce suit being filed by
the major against the wife of his bosom.
The "solar biologist" is W. V. Durbin,
who Ib scarcely more than the age of
Mrs. Howe's oldest son, yet he has won
the heart of a mother 60 years of age,
with large experience In the family line,
and they have disappeared Into the great
unknown, leaving Major Howe to nurse
this latest case of secession In his fam
ily and file a divorce suit after twenty
five years of married life.
Secession has been a part and parcel
of the life of Major W. O. Howe. When
the Southern States tried to secede from
the Union Major Howe enlisted in the
northern cause, and fought through the
war with honor to himself and success
"When Mrs. W. O. Howe decided to se
cede from the Howe family things took
on a different complexion, and now the
major wants to be avenged by the courts,
and he demands a divorce. ; •
"Professor" W. V. Durbln came into
Major Howe's life some months ago ¦when
he appeared at the Howe printing office
and wanted Borne, job work done in the
interests of the science of "solar biol
oey," of which he was the "professor."
The major liked the "solar biologist" and
the "solar biologist" liked the major's
wife, and that was how it all came about.
The major took the "solar biologist" to
his home, and, as the complaint filed by
thj major now asserts, the "solar biolo
gist" took the home away with him.
"I don't know what a 'solar biologist*
is." said Major Howe, "but I know that
that fellow was a fraud. He came Into
my life and eloped with my wife and
took away one of my children, and if that
Is a 'solar biologist I would advise the
rest of the community to keep away from
him." " •
I hare given personal inspection to the working of M. I. S. T. on the human system, and
must 6ay that It entirely meets with my professional sanction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical College.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how lon* standing-. Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients bare been for rears forced to nso
a catheter. SYPHILIS IX ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OP DIABETES.
All cases of Impotmcj that can be enrtd, and permanent)/ restore jontbtnlrlror and
ritalitr. It is no sumalaot. Its effects are permanent and lasting. Will core any case «f
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varlcocele. Will remore en-
tirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has enred many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxia, Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the nerres.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for orer 20 years, and has cured thousands of suff-
erers. It is prescribed by leading physicians all orer the country. It is pleasant to take and
¦KiBSfcHBRHi absolutely safe. It nerer increases or diminishes the action of the
fcJP ft— HLb heart. If you are suffering from any chronic disease you are urjred to
SPJh HF* |^ write lo os, no mattsr how manr doctors or kinds of medicines you
¦ ¦¦¦¦ BH have tried "ithout relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU.
That yon may judge of the ralue of the Great Specific for yourrelf.
we will send you one large case by mail FREE, only asking that
whtn cured yourself you will recommend it toothers. Write confidentially to our medical
department, firing symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for 15.
Address M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
Greatest Nerve and Blood tonic
No- 3- M. I. S. T- No. 2.
WOLCOTT LOST
THROUGH ERROR
OF THE PILOT
Mining Expert Benjamin's
Thrilling Description
of the Wreck.
. ?
Extraordinary Heroism of a Fireman
and the Cowardice of a Passen
ger — Cast Away, on a Nar
row Beach.
Edward H. Benjamin, the well-known
mining expert, .who' was a passenger on
the Pacific Steam Whaling Company's
steamer Wolcott when that -unfortunate
vesser was . wrecked on Kadlak Island,
Alaska, on the night of January 31, Is at
his home in Oakland, having arrived from
Seattle on the Oregon express last night.
George C. Mayon and wife, who were also
in the wreck, were passengers on the train
that brought Mr. Benjamin from th-j
north, and are now stopping with Mrs.
Mayon'B parents/who reside in Oakland.
Mr. Benjamin was met at Port Costa
by his wife, and several friends were in
waiting at the Sixteenth-street station to
greet him as he stepped off the train and
to congratulate him on his miraculous es
cape from almost certain death. The pub
lished reports of the disaster to the Wol
cott give but a meager idea of the ter
rifying experiences through which the
passengers and crew of the vessel passed
from the time the ship struck the hidden
rocks until the final rescue by the steamer
Excelsior. The officers and crew ot the
doomed ship displayed remarkable hero
ism under moßt trying circumstances, in
glaring contrast to the abject cowardice
exhibited by one of the passengers. Dep
uty United States Maoshal L. L. Bowers
of Unger, who was on his way to Sitka In
charge of three Federal prisoners.
It is said that not only did this creature
leave his prisoners locked up in a room to
die like rats in a trap unless they could
force their way out, but he was the first
man over the side of the ship when the
boats were finally cleared away, pushing
Mrs. Mayon aside in his frantic endeavors
to make sure of saving his carcass. This
act of brutal cowardice nearly cost the
deputy marshal his life, for the o'her
passengers and the officers of the jhip
were so incensed that nothing but the ab
solute necessity of devoting every second
to saving their own lives prevented sum
mary justice being meted out to him.
The hero of the occasion, according to
Mr." Benjamin, was the fireman, an old
man-o'-warsman named Charles A. El
rick. Elrlck waa a gunner on the Trenton
when that warship was wrecked at Apia,
Samoa, and he snipped on the Wolcott
under the name of Rowell. Although he
had changed his name the man was there.
Elrlck shoveled coal Into the furnaces of
the sinking whaler, until the water rose
to his shoulders, in order to keep up steam
until the doomed vessel could be beached.
At last the water was so high that it was
useless for him to remain longer at his
post, but before reporting off to Engineer
Mbrriss he made one final effort, diving
under the water to secure a last shovelful
of coal. The bulldog courage that caused
him to remain at his post was not with
out reward, however, for as the fires un
der the boilers went out the keel of tho
vessel grated on the sandy bottom a few
hundred yards from the shore.
"I never want another such experience,
said Mr. Benjamin last night. "It was
God's will that we should be saved or. I
would not be here now. The afternoon of
January 31 was • perfect. The ' air was
balmy and the sea as smooth as glass. .
"We passed Karluk heads at 9:30 p. m.
and were headed for Unyak Bay, twenty
two miles distant. Our course lay past
Cape Unyak, and although the night was
dark, the weather was clear and no dan
ger was apprehended. A strong north
west wind sprang up and when we re
tired to our bunks at 10 o'clock It was
blowing pretty strong and there was quite
a sea on. Captain Snow went to his state
room at 10:30, leaving the ship in charge
of Pilot Keen, and an hour later we were
on the rocks. It appears the pilot thought
he saw the lights of the Pacific Steam
Whaling Company's cannery, which is
located on Unyak Bay, and headed the
vessel in shore. In view of the fact that
the log showed we had made >but nine
miles since passing Karluk heads and the
distance to the entrance of the bay was
eighteen miles, the action of the pilot ap
pears inexecusable, but as I am not a
navigator I will not attempt to. pass judg
ment. The vessel first struck on the rocks
at the bow. A second later a wave raised
her and carrying her forward thirty feet
or so dropped her on the rock amidships.
The ship was again lifted and swept for
ward by the waves until her stem crashed
against the rocks. By thi« time we were
all on deck and knew the ship was
doomed. The wind had developed into a
gale, and It was Impossible to launch the
boats. Captain Snow backed the vessel
off the rocks, and crowding on all steam
headed the steamer out to sea until she
rounded Cape Unyak, and then turned
her prow toward the shore. Our only
hope was to beach her inside the point
where the water was not quite so rough.
It was an anxious time, and we would
never have reached shore alive but for
the heroism of Fireman Elrlck and the
coolness of Engineer Theodore Morrlss,
who. by the way, is a San Francisco man.
. "The boats were finally cleared away,
and the passengers conveyed safely to
shore followed by the crew. We landed
on a "little strip of beach scarcely fifty
feet wide at 'the foot of gigantic perpen
dicular cliffs 500 feet high. Between the
foot of the cliffs and the water there was
about fifteen feet of beach at low tide,
and fortunately the tide was out when
we landed. At high water the beach was
overflowed, but there was a narrow gorge
between the cliffs extending inland and
packed with snow. This gorge was
Ecarcelv twenty feet wide, but ,lt waa
our salvation. When the tide came In
we scrambled up on this snow, and when
it was out: we camped on the beach. A
drizzly rain fell continually, but fortu
nately it ws warm, otherwise we would
have perished." . .
The party succeeded In getting plenty of
supplies ashore and after three days the*
sea subsided somewhat and they made
their way in the small boats to the can
nery, nine miles distant, where they were
found by the Excelsior on February 27.
Mr. Beniamln has only words of praise
for Captain Snow, J. H. Rand and E. B.
Wood first and second mates of the Wol
cott, for their coolness, skill and bravery.
Captain Snow will arrive In San Fran
cisco to-day.
SECESSION AND A "SOLAR BIOLOGIST".
BROKE UP THE FAMILY OF MAJOR HOWE
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; MARCH 17, 1900.
NIPPON OFFICERS
WILL HAVE BIG
BILL TO SETTLE
Repudiating Policies May
Prove to Be
Costly.
Demand Will Be Made Upon Them
and Suits ard Posting Are
Among the Possi
bilities.
The Nippon Marine Insurance Company
with headquarters In Japan, may be post
al in all part* of the world unless the
right thing be dene by the management
of that corporation. This statement was
made yesterday by George A. Newhall,
I acifie Coast agent. The sudden repudia
tion by the company, without notice of
the policies written in this city will not
result in loss to the policy holders if the
ag-eney of Mr. Newhall. can prevent it.
The Insured property is afloat and disas
ter may have taken place in some in
etance before any knowledge of the action
of the Japanese at the head of the Nld
pon company was had; but all pol
icy holders have now been notified of
what has taken place. They have ac
cordingly been given a chance to reinsure
ar.d the work of taking out new policies
went oh steadily yesterday. Nearly all
the holders of policies in the Japanese
company are near or in San Francisco,
vhlch permitted them to take action
tarly.
.. Al ' Premium* have been returned by
the Newhall agency ar.d. in addition, the
turn of $50} was given as a contribution
yesterday to those Interested.
The Japanese company is solvent upon
T 2 e . Rowing made, having a gold surplus
of J46S^>9. There is nothing known here
to account for the action taken except
that the management has been changed.
Tne Newhall agency is continued and the
agents are asked to write new business.
The rates could not have been the rea
son for the repudiation of the policies al
ready written, because they are the same
rates that are obtained In other places by
the company. A cablegram has been sent
to the officers setting forth that the poli
cies written here amount to $350,009 and
that the premiums amount to 110.000; also
that the company will be held responsible.
In addition to this the Japanese company
has a liability of some size for the ex
penses of the agency here. This claim
will be put in with the statement to be
forwarded for the consideration by the
Japanese.
If the company fails to pay the legiti
mate charges against It suit will be
brought in Japan and tbe company will be
posted abroad, in Europe and elsewhere,
wherever the Newhall agency has corre
spondents. A meeting of the holders of
policies in this city was held yesterday,
which was attended by George A, New
hall. A committee of three — Messrs. Har
rison of Harrison & Baggs, Livingston
Smith and Mr. Roeenthal of the Swiss
Marine Insurance Company — was appoint
ed to consider- the situation.
I , IN NEXT J
Sunday's Call
) MARCH 18, 1900. '
!; "Fighting Joe" Wheeler and His Banghler, ;|
Annie Early Wheeler. |
i FRATERNITY LIFE AT BERKELEY. (
Starving in the North— The Most Sensa- j
tional Experience of the Day. '
SAN FRANCISCO'S DUCK FARM.< ( m
Sons of English Noblemen and the Part j!
They Play in the Boer War. (
A PRIZE-FIGHTER WHO PREACHES. )'.
Books of tbe Week, by } The Latest Fashions in j
B. G. Lathrop. \ Walking flats. i|
\ THE FAMINE IN INDIA. ]
v Curious Customs of the Digger Indians, j
9SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new.. H.
;.MULLER; maker, repairer. > Latham place.
IF you have lots In Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly then
call on W. J. GUNN. HO California, st
HAVE you real estate in the Mission or Hor-
ner*s Addition that you wish to dlscoseoC
then call on W. J. GUNN. 550 California st
COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath,. basement- stable; '4
block from Market st. Apply 2403 Folsom st.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x123. 310
Diamond st, near Twentieth; no agents.
$35P0— WORTH $4000; store. 3 rooms bath- flat
above, t rooms, batb; rented $30. 1417 Pacific
EMPLOVMEXT WANTED—MALE. '
AN honest and • sober young man,"/ aged ~ 20,
wonts hotel work: the best references: Ameri-
can preferred: city or country.' Box 4496,' Ca11.
SITUATION wanted by young, man; 2 years'
experience in poultry business. • Address box
3065, Call..' .',•-•"¦ • '. '.¦¦¦¦ ':¦: ¦ •-- ¦ --.;.:¦¦ ¦•_ ¦¦:
SITUATION — By . young . man, --. taking " care : of
horses, cow, garden; good , driver; reference.
-80x. 8044, Ca11. .-- ...; ? -.• ¦¦?:¦-....-¦'.'.. .¦-;-.•»¦-•{ ¦,
WANTED— Oyster house cook; third cook, $40;
hotel, boarding - house f and t restaurant ¦ wait-
ers,, $25.^ $30"and $35: dishwashers, $25," and
.- others. -. J. F.\ CROSETT & -. CO.'.v 623 ¦ Sacra-
mento st. ¦• ¦¦ -..: _;'•¦.• . *-~ : .*£ ,-'-?.yy .-i'.-iA
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free ' employ-
ment. H. Bernard; Sec, 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
2 FIRST-CLASS ' «. cabinet-makers wanted at
McLEOD'S. 223 Mission at; 'apply early this
morning. ¦:'¦..' '. ¦•: ¦ . ,¦ ¦..¦:¦-¦¦• ¦¦ t. '? •
WANTED— A. waiter, young man; small place;
'-'¦¦ day.work; $25 a month. .700 Mission sf.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st: open until 9 p. m.: -.• - ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. v. ¦ . . .
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED — Mechanical draughtsman: -.- shop
butcher,- $25 to $30 'and' found; blacksmith
' helper, $1 50 day; driver for milk wagon, $25
¦ and 'found: 6 milkers, $23 and $30; 2 milkers,
city, $S0; pond man for mill; fruit farmer and
. wife,. $40, and many others. » J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. fi2B Sacramento st : ¦' - «¦ '
ROOMING HOUSES......
..;.. LODGING; HOUSES....
:. .HOTELS ;...; .......;...
.....:......... FLATS AND PRIVATE HOME 9
FROM 3 to 250 ROOMS: PRICES $50 to $20,000
25 rooms; on Market; worth $1200 }SOO
10 rooms; on Mason; payments -450
65 rooms; on' Bush st; clears $230.;...;.. 2800
3 rooms and bath; elegant flat __ 325
80 rooms: on Kearny; grand bargain...... 2000
¦"36 rooms; on Market: payments.... vr. 7.... 1800
60, 40 and 125 rooms; boarding-house.' r
•¦; ? . MONEY TO -LOAN : ON ANY HOUSE, j
¦¦¦U v> *. -:• TELEPHONE JOHN: BL'.v,
&.H.',C. DECKER., 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
7 ROOMS near ' City Hall, *rent ¦ $28........ 175
12 rooms, clean, ¦ large, - central , 400
29 rooms, full. 4 blks N Market, rent $90... 1000
100 r.;:10c beds;. rent $60; money, coiner.;. .lsoo
46 rooms, ' fine, ¦ splendid every way .V...... 2300
v M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st
M." MacLEOD'S specialty Is buying, selling and
•exchanging lodging-houses;! lf you have such
business It will pay. you to call at 1706 Market,
J near Tenth. -With G. ',W. , H. ; PATTERSON.
37 ROOMS, good transient ¦¦ corner," 31700: . 120-
' , room, hotel for rent, fine location ; 9 rooms,
k -? 3300: . private money . to loan. ¦<. C. ¦ D. . DAVIS,
J room i 69. ' 918 Market st - " i
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
PoSfT^OBOSrAVET^BLOCKT ~~ ww "
FOR SALE CHEAP.
255 feet on Point Lobos aye.
475 feet on Fourteenth aye. .'
255 feet on Clement st.
. 600 feet on. Fifteenth aye.
The finest block in Richmond District; fronts
Point Lobos, Fourteenth aye.. on the new
boulevard from the Park to Presidio. Clement
st and electric cars: for sale as a whole; can
be subdivided and sold at a good profit in the
near future, .p^jj^ mj^jee & gO: - g
Real Estate Agents.
8 Montgomery st
A BRANCH office (or Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 V_-
1 lencia st.::-.. ,-' ? >¦.-.. . .. -¦ '¦ - - ; ¦•¦ - ,
WAITRESS wanted. I 608 Seventh st
PROPERT Y WASTED.
WANTED— Party to bnlld for permanent lease
east of Kearny or between Twelfth.' Brannan,
Market and Bay. Address Peopre's Mineral
Hygiene Co.. IS2 Crocker building. -
GOOD responsible American lady wishes to
take care of rooms for rent of 1 large room
with etove: best of references given If needed.
Box 3049, Call office.
WOMAN with a child would like a place as
housekeeper or cook on a ra,nch for a few
men; country preferred. Call 713^4 Hush st
ARE you in need of a piano? We have a large
assortment of new and second-hand pianos of
the best makers; sold for cash or very easy
payments; $6 (town and $6 per month for an
elegant new upright; some good pianos for
$3. $4 and $.*• per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.. Btelnway dealers, corner Sutter and
Kearny sts., San Francisco; corner Thirteenth
POSITION wanted— Young lady of refinement
desires to act as governess cr companion to
party traveling In Europe or on an outing
in California. Address L. A. CARTER, Oak-
land P. O.
TO salaried men.' without collateral* or indorser;
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
THE fashionable people all go to LEDERER'S
to have their hair dressed; newest styles and
latest effects. 23c: manicuring. 25c; neatest
parlors In the city. 123 Stockton st
ON furniture, pianos; without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, lit McAllister.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
office; best help fur.; cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas. Aramori, EOCH Stockton; tel. John 212 L
OPERATORS and finishers; gents' white shirta;
experienced hands. Rogereon's, E35 Valencia.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
BELLE— OUDRY
AT 126 Kearny Ft, room 9. respectable private
¦ place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Da via 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest Rooms
tS and 69, Donohue building. 1170 Market st.
EOO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C2 Mission st, bet Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Colored cook, $30, country; Swedish
laundress and chambermaid, $30, country;
laundress, $25. German cook. $25, country; 4
second Klrls, $15. $2Q; 7 restaurant waitresses,
15. $6, $7 a week; 4 country hotel waitresses,
$20; cook for coffee house, $7 a week; kitchen
helper, institution, $25; restaurant cook, $25;
a number of neat German, Scandinavian
and Irish houseglrls, $20, $25, city and coun-
PALMISTRY.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
a R, HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .:...
Pantry woman for country hotel, $30; cham-
bermaid, springs, $25, see party here 10:30;
chambermaid to wait, springs, $20, see party
here 9:30; waitress, Pacific Grove, $20, fare
one way; waitress, Keswlck. fare here, 120;
waitress, Salinas, and many others; woman
cook, $30, see party here
FAMILY ORDERS
Girl to tend store and housework. In country,
$15; middle-aged woman for housework in a
good place In the city, .$l5; SO houseglrls for
city and country; 6 good places across the
bay, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
HOTEL housekeeper; first-class Eastern refer-
ences; $40 to $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. • •
$11 — TO let. sunny store: counters and shelving,
and 1 living rooms. l<v>B Natoma. near Htn.
$20— STORE; 2 show-windows and 5 large rooms;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st .
W. E. CODY (late with J." T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3333.
MEDICATED BATHS.
DR. CONANTS Compound Vapor Bath— Puri-
fies the blood; destroys disease germs; pro-
tects; cures; revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bills; outfits for sale; agents wanted; send for
booklet. ANIDROSIS. 47 Post st. S. F.. Cal.
. EDUCATIONAL.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
CORNER grocery and"bar; 3 living rooms:
fixtures to suit tenant; building nearly new.
NW. comer of Eighth and Natoma sts.
FURNITURE WASTED.
DOG HOSPITALS.
MEDICAL.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, IM3 Market , st, nr.
Eleventh — No charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like
new; teeth from 18 per set; extracting 60c;
gas given. . :
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. a BENTHAM. 1532 Market st
STEAM launch; compound engine and Ward
boiler, pump, etc.: complete. SIS Mission st
DENTAL chair (Morrison's); complete ; good
order. Apply r. 35, 1115 Broadway. Oakland.
BELGIAN hares— Bucks from 32 to JlO each.
2029 San Antonio aye.. Alameda.
THOROUGHBRED pug dogs for sale cheap.
MRS. ARMSTRONG. 252V4 Natoma st: rear.
BEAUTIFUL pearl front mandolin for $3: cost
originally $20. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
OFFICE safe, new White sewing machine, dia-
mond pin; bargain.' Box 3066. Call office.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. B Fourth st
COACHMAN; neat and quick worker t reliable
driver; good. at handling young stocrtc; rella-
able; old country and San Francisco refer-
ences. J. C.; box 3072, Call.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
UrSINESS OFFICE cf tbe Pan Francisco
CaTU corner of Market and Third streets, open
enttl It o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-117 Montgomery street
rorn»r Clay; open until 9:20 p. ra.
£00 Hayes Ftreet: open until $:30 p. m.
f3J McAllister street: cpen cntlj »:$9 p. m.
fJS Lerkln etreet: open until S:J(r p. m.
IUI UlEvlcn etreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
KO Mrrket etreet corner Sixteenth; open
crtll I p. m.
JC€ Eleventh etreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
ICSC Valencia ftreet; open until 9 p. ra.
12^ Polk street; open until 1 p. m.
TCorthwert corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreots; open until 9 p. ffl.
MEETING NOTICES.
PACIFIC Lotfge No. 1J«. F. and A. M., »
121 E<s3t gt. -Meets THIS EVENING. J\-
7:30 o' clack. I D. /\_f\
GEOUGE PENLINGTON. Sec /V^
CROCKETT Lodge No. 133. F. and A. m
M.-U :« THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN- -J\-
ING. March 17. at 7:30 o'clock. By JLJK
order oX the W. M. /
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. •
M— Special meeting THIS (SATUR- __f\-
DAY) EVENING. March 17. at 7:30 ]%JX
o'clock. Third degree. ' '
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary. _
MISSION Lodge XoTioTr. and A. M.— o
Calied meeting THIS (SATURDAY) __fV,
EVENING. at 7:80 o'clock. Third de- >S2C
gree. C D. BUNKER. Sec. /?>
A. O. H., Division No. 2— The thirty- «*-*»•*>
f.rr t acnual ball of this division will \J\\ v f
be fceld at B'nai B'rith Hall. 121 Eddy «VCi
et.. en SATURDAY, March 17. l»WcfVd_»
(St. Patrick's night). The officers and S"TE*
ir.err.bers extend a cordial invitation to all
their friends, and premise a good time to
all. Doors open at 7:30 p. ra. Grand march
at S:SO. First-class union music.
BAP.TLY LEE. President
T. L. CLANCY, Secretary.
ANCIENT Order cf Hibernians, Board *&>?£&
of Erin — The annual celebration of St V^Mff
Patrick's Day will be held at 1119 Mis- J&rK
ei<?n St.. on SATURDAY EVENING, C%J_fjJ
March 17. » m*
JAMES J. KEATING, State Delegate.
JOHN H. GILMORE, State Secretary.
M. G. SEARS. S. T.
PIONEERS— The mem- *<<^!S3^iS3>»»_
California Pioneers are >'3Tfi_^M_y£3[aß'»
requested to attend th»
funeral of c-.r late J^'9V''^ldh&i\
member and ex-rrfsi- ___O*^ «3_L_»r jB
dent, C. V. !?. GIBBS,
at Trinity (Episcopal* Church, corner Bush
and Go-jgfc rts.. on SATURDAY, March 17,
at 11:20 p. m. Members will rl p ase meet at
the church. JOHN F. PINKHAM,
Marshal.
JCOTICE — International Bricklayers' Union No.
1 of California' meets EVERY MONDAY in
The Temple, 117 Turk st: hall open every
day between * and .'. : all I. U. men invited;
charter open for 30 days; contractors or build-
ers wanting men inquire at hall.
W. D. PICKENS. President
WILLIAM KLEIN, NICHOLAS DUGAN.
¦WILLIAM J. SHEEDT, I. U. Committee.
¦*THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Oe?rge H. Hedrick. in the Hed-
rick gravel mine, near San Andreas. Cala-
veras County, to deposit tailings on a flat
below the mine; from William Weyman, In
the Weyman r".acer mine, near Placerville,
El Dorado County, to deposit tailings in a
reservoir below the mine; from Hugh H.
Cratn, In the Pigeon Creek mine, near Ply-
mouth. Amador County, to deposit tailings
in Indian Creek; from Henry Meyer, in the
Greenhorn mine, at Cherokee, Nevada County,
to d«*p<>s;t tailings in Shady Creek, and from
the Emery Gold Mining Company, in the
Kbit hydraulic mir.e, near Mountain Ranch.
Caiaveras County, to depottt tailings in A<iob» j
«Julch. gives notice that a meeticc will be j
held at room CS. Flood building, San Fraii-
cisco. Cal.. on April 2. l»J0. at 1:30 p. m. !
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholders Of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market «., San Francisco, Cal., t
en MONDAY, the 26th <iay of March. 1500, at I
the hour of U m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transactirn of such other busi- ;
r\f*i- a« may come t**for» the meeting. Trans- j
fer bnoks will close on Friday. March 16. 1900, !
at 12 m. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
AOKNTS WAyTED.
LADIES— Ak<-Ms; something new. 602 Geary
rl.. Fan Frunrisco.
ASTROLOGY.
I'ROF. * MASERY of Egypt greatest astrolo-
riet and palmist In the world: satisfaction
mtiir.twA. 4J7 Golden Ga.te aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a rpecialty; private:
»o fee without puccess; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE Tree: no charge unless Buccessful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, B8 Market et, opp. Mason.
T. H. UERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
sumed practice at SO3 Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L F. TLAKK. Etr.ma Fpreekels bldg.. 927 Mar-
fcet et.: cotmttatfos free: no fees In advance.
HATH CABINETS— THEUMAL.
ROBINSON V- 4-p«nel folding; see it b»fore
buying. W. S. BROWN. Coast Act.. 4« Ellis.
BOARDING FOIL CUILUKEN.
PRIVATE home for children. 1 day to 15 years,
by week or month: large cunny yard: select
neighborhood: mother's care; kindergarten;
terms low. 1504 Post St.. tx?t. G«ary & Sutter.
WANTED— SmaII child to board; beet of care;
pood home. 2CB Fell st
BOOICS — NEW AND OLD.
'pCHOOL BOOKS boueht and exchanged.
Kolrre» Bnr.k frt.. ~H Mission *t.. near Third.
HOOT AM> MIOE BARGAINS.
i^EGULAßifrio^boys' shoes, all sixes 95 cts
Regular tl 25 ladies' exferd ties 65 cts
Children's kid, lace or button, sizes 8 to 11.75 c
People's Shoe 6tore, 13C3 Stktn, nr. B'dway.
tOO PAIRS drummers' sample shoes at manu-
fscturer"* cost J. Kohlbecher. H5 Fourth st
DCSISSSS CHANCES.
A— S6OO^SALOON and lunch house; established
many years and doing a good paying busi-
ness; rent $40; best location; dost to Sutter
St.; Investigate ct once; a rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE, SJ6 Market St.
JI4CO CORNER grocery store and bar. with 3
living roon.s. k;tcl:en and cellar; rent US;
place established for 30 years; next to tbe
leading brewery of this city; a mint. Call
R. G. WILKE. 306 Market et. room 6.
A— Jl5OO; CORNER saloon; established many
years and doing a rushing business; choicest
location; only 2 blocks north of Chronicle
building; rent 175: owner going East Call
R. G. WILKE. -JOi Market Bt.
a.— $SSO; COFFEE paloon and restaurant; 1 block
from corner Powell and Market ets.; rent $(0;
dally receipts »40; 3 living rooms. See R, O.
TVILKE. &jt Market st
A—USO; SALOON', with 3 living rooms; rent
(27 50; Valencia St.; good business; bargain.
R. G. WILKE, &06 Market st
A— ssoo; CORNER grocery and bar; vicinity
Sixth and Howard «ts. ; living rooms; good
tnißlnee?; cheap rent- Call R. G. WILKE.
*0i Market E t.
A— tt.oo; SALOON und lunchhouse: between fac-
tories and lumber-yards: daily receipts $15;
rent $20; a enap. li. G. WILKE. 80S Market
A— tZTT.O; FIRFT-CLASS paying corner grocery
and bar on Turk «t. ; place established many
years; etock all fresh; good horee and wagon;
I living room*; rent $50. Call R, G. WILKE.
X 6 Market st
$250— PA RTNF.R wanted; light, wcll-establlsh-
r-H indoor business; will pay over 175 per
month each. McLAUGHLIN at CO., 777*
Market street
W*— CORNER saloon; north of Market st
Mclaughlin & co.. 777% Market st.
UAJIGAIN for buying cr selling ealoons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal, C3SH Cali'crnia st., room 3.
Hi*- SALOON with 3 living rooms; fine trade.
Call at Liquor DesJers' . Journal. S3»^ Cali-
fornia st. room 1.
BARGAIN — Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. 539<4 California ml., room 1.
a. 7. sew
PARTNER REQUIRED
for first -cla** dining-room in large city hotel;
center of traSlc; elegant ap^or.tments; op-
portunity for man Keeking koo<l proposition.
STENISERG CO., 33^ Xsrket St.
JS7t, LAUNDRY route; $1100. workimrmen's sa-
loon, making money: JTifl, lodging house, 15
rooms. Fixth St. ; *KO, cigar stand in tender-
loin district; offer wanted for saloon on
O'Farrell Bt. See J. E. ELINKEY & CO., 1
Fifth fct.
FOR sale at a sacrifice, a rood-paying variety
business at a prominent corner: four public
schools in vicinity: an up-to-date etock; two
rooms furnished for housekeeping; sickness
in the family sole cause of sale. Apply CUN-
NIGHAM. CUItTISfi & WELCH. 221 San-
6ome gt. ¦ •_ •
COMPLETE set of baker's utensils, including
lirire portable oven, with privilege of seeing
J££l laW: cheap JONES & CO.. 565 Mrkt
Z,'n_r> ARTVER: old-established real - estate
P alna' business exchange. Jones Co.. 865 Market
S»t>t%tii to travel in balloon business; clear-
<r£ iaoo a month: mutt havp nu>: no experi-
Sce^lr??. PROF J. CAFELTON. Aero-
. SSI mMm_ JV «U»Xter_3p.,n. ?
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnoed.
A LADY with small capital can clear $160 mo.
COWING Si. CO.. 719 Market st. --. -
A FINE saloon; must sell before 12 o'clock to-
day. COWING & CO.. 719 Market Bt. (
A PARTY with $1000 can clear $150 month.
COWING &. CO.. 719 Market st. .
A— S27S— BLACKSMITH and horseshoeing chop;
a snap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market sf -
$350— PARTNER in office commission business;
old established; pays $75 to $200 to each per
month. Columbia Realty Co.. 916 Market, r.53.
GOOD outside route on this paper. Apply Call
office.
DAPHANIC glass business; will sell at a
great sacrifice; $150 to J2OO required; cause of
selling. Immediate departure for Europe. Ad-
dregs box 30£4. Call.
PARTNER wanted having a few hundred dol-
lars; a practical mechanic or business man;
must be a practical Christian. Address Me-
chanic, box 3075. Call office. •
OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and bar:
etock and fixtures; must sell on account of
other business; no agents. Box 3067, Call.
MUST be sold at once: good paying grocery
aad bar: cood location. 232 Ninth Bt. be-
tween Howard and Mission. ¦ '
FINE "store; suitable any business: 128 O'Far-
rell St.. corner Powell. Apply 16 Grant aye.
RESTAURANT for sale; good location: good
business; cause sickness. Box 3013. Call.
CIGAR store for eale.' 311 Bush st
$65— GOOD repair shop; lasts, stock and mi-
chine; good trade; cheap rent. 2106 Fillmore.
I WANT to sell my half-Interest in meat mar-
ket; price !2CO. 124 Fourth st. .
FRUIT and vegetable store for sale: on ac-
count of leaving city. Apply Call office.
$3£CO WILL buy a good paying ofT.ce and im-
porting business that will pay at least $4000
per year; reason for selling, have to leave
the State on Important business; have $2000
worth of stock -on hand; staple goods; half
cash and half In one year to the right party:
Investigate and see for yourself. Address
box 3012, Call office.
RETIRING from clothing and gent's furnish-
ing {roods business; stock and fixtures for
pale; store to rent at. 44 East et, near Mis-
sion; small capital needed.
FOR sale— Saloon, boarding-house, building in-
cluded; 14 rooms; sold on account of death in
family. Apply on premises, 647 First st, near
Pacific Mall Dock.
JCSO— ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant and
coffee house; vicinity Fourth and Market
Apply P. McRAE.
$1500 — FOR sale; restaurant: fine location; a
fortune to the right party: owner has two
places. Address box 3051. Call office.
GROCERY, hay. feed and coal yard In South
Berkeley: doing good business; rent cheap; at
bargain. Address box 2731, Call, Oakland.
WANTED— Experienced framo Joiner with
some capital or the necessary tools. Apply
after 4 o. m., 810 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED — A country saloon, for cash. Ad-
dress box 3054, Call office.
FINE little stationery, candy and notion store;
will sell at invoice. Box 8061, Call office.
SHOE business: established over 35 years. 4
Summer st. off Montgomery.
OLD established restaurant for sale; good busi-
ness; fine locality: small rent: everything
complete; price $225. Box 3041. Call office.
$1500— BIG bargain; wholesale and retail tea,
coffee and spice company in large city; near
San Francisco. Box 3030, Call office.
CARPENTER shop for eale at a bargain; rent
only $6; must be cold this week. Apply 127
Turk Et
FOR sale— ln* Alameda, meat market; good lo-
cality. Apply to Western Meat Co., Second
and Franklin sts.. Oakland.
$700-r-SELECT rooming house: 9 rooms, all full;
elegantly and newly furnished; investigate;
permanent roomers. 437 Golden Gate aye.
BRANCH bakery cheap; rent $15. 1790 Folsom
street.
GOOD-PAYING business, cheap; parties going
away; over 800 customers; horses and wagon.
Call 312 Capp St.
NEW bakery or laundry; 3-can milk wagon; 2-
eeated spring wagon: 3 grocery or delivery
wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
shoeing business; 15 years present location;
cheap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
COMPANY promotion is our specialty; we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nlshed. P.5.M.A1.C0.. 220 California St.. r. 5-7.
FOR EALE— A fine downtown route; this
paper; In business section. Apply Call office.
$350— GROCERY, bar and lodging-house; doing
good business. 129 Perry st
SHOE chop; good location; fine business. Box
&X*. Call office.
A SALOON for eale cheap: located In the
Potrero. Apply on premises. 1543 Kentucky.
WORKING partner: opportunity seldom of-
fered. Room 35. 1926 Market st.
ROUTE of M 4 papers on this paper for kale.
Box t. Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL A CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
l«*nda st - _^
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW A 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts * har-
ness, wk & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lcg Works. 353-357 Tehama St. : tel. 8. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Bth st.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
ill Stevenson st; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 4c
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MiTCHELL Carpet Cleaninc Co.. 240 14th
rt.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Eutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 321 Golden
Gate aye.: te'wDhone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION t \.......^.TTT.T.". 1 .*..'.." RF.MOVEDI
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all rkin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. Tbe wonderful cures which
sbe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see thi«
wonderful woman. Consultation by mail is
always successfu 1 and satisfactory, and all
correppondence is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
'Offices removed to her residence, 1061
Seventh aye.. Bast Oakland, Cal.
N. B. — Take 8. F. brood gauge ferry and
ret off at Clinton Station. 2d station from
Broadway. - .
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton st.. near Larkln.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader and palmist; all
you seek to know answered without questions:
readings this week lie and 60c. 942 Mission.
MOST learned palmist and clairvoyant medium:
business advice; readings. 25c 1581 Market
st. near Twelfth.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
330 Ellis st: circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
pant present future. 25c. 148 Sixth st. r. 12.
MME. MARQUISE, medium, has removed to 6
Hyd«» rt.; readings and treatments dally.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st, near Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c 944 Howard
st, 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. - - -
MRS. METER. 325 McAllister; trance, business;
eit. dally: test dr. to-night 10c; Friday at 2.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 9!1',4 Misslon,opMlnt
MEDA HOSKINS, 1423 Mkt, bet. 10th A 11th—
Clr. Mon. 8 p. m.,.Thur. 2 p. m.,26c: sit. dally.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader: readings 25c. : -.¦
CHESTER CARLETON. magnetic healer and
massage treat mt 1352 Market rms. 27 and 2S.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY. c!airv6yant test, business
medium, life reader: sitting $1. 1104 Market
ARNOLD. Dicksorv give everybody tests to-
nlght: 10c; sittings, fjc. 60c. 148 Sixth, room L
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry, 26c; truth or na pay. . 114* Mission.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack ¦. for barber shop.' 141
Klll_ *t "»' v<-\. • -~v. --¦*¦¦•- --'.•¦..- :,;.v-:. yr-TTv'... ;
SITUATION wanted by a first-class coachman;
best of references. Box SQS3» CalL -
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
' j tf mums* la wrajwer. for mailing, tl I>sr > ear.
DISHWASHER wanted. . 631 Cliy at.'
$1800—42 ROOMS: | corner, house; ' $1000 cash | or
•trad* for house and lots, BASH-EL t JDddar «t>.
CHEAPEST and best la America— The Weekly
CalL ¦- It - ps#es." sent to any address in the
united ' State* or Ptnafis. «"*- year for f.
postage paid. - . ~
SITUATION wanted . as .coachman -. and ¦¦ gar-
> . dener and I all-around handy man \on gentle-
man' s Dlace. Box 8076. Call. \ -' ¦.¦: ¦ - - _- ~. :• ¦}
$225— NICELY furnished I rooming-house of / 13
--¦ rooms: good '¦ ' location: ¦ rant i $28. PACIFIC
BUSINESB EXCHANGE, 1018 Market st
...;.; ;... $5300 '. ... ...
II!. .1-6 cash: balance monthly payments".""
Rents $720 a year
new modern flats Just finished. 631 Waller st,
between Pierce and Scott:, one short block
from Haight-st cars. F. NELSON, builder,
on premises. ' - • ¦ ¦
A SQUARE piano tor sale or exchange. ' 811
Leavenworth st.
CONOVBR. Colby and Spencer pianos. BPEN-
* CER WAREROOMS, 1818 Market st.
DON'T buy; rent a new piano, $3 per month.
- SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
FINE Fischer A Steinway upright; sacrificed.
.¦ KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st
GOOD- upright piano; " ; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
A" HANDSOME .» upright piano:- perfect tone;
elegant case: used three months; $1«5: see it
. before buying. Room 12. ; 809 Market st.
BARGAIN— Good upright : cheap. SCHMITZ,
A BARGAlN— Steinway, $136; store open Sat-
urday evening. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 13C
, Ellis st * "
HOUSES— LODGING— FOR : SAKE.
THE Packard pianos are not cheap pianos, but
they are first-class tn tone and unequaled in
finish; you buy them for a short time only at
. introductory prices at MAUVAIS'. 769 Mar-
ket st • " -
FINE assortment of old and new violins In all
sizes Just received from Europe: they wer»
selected by experts for the MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO.. 763 Market st. : s -, .
Ki.ABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st
NICE lot for a horse and buggy. • H. W. DA-
VIS.' room 9,^ 905 Broadway, Oakland. ?-,•_¦•.'"
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 4220 Fillmore.
$50— LIGHT wagon, horse and harness; buggy,
$25; delivery wagon. $40. 19 City Hall aye.
HORSE 5 years old; cart and harness. Inquire
. .1201 Cortland aye. : - .
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market st. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
29, 2S and 80 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
ali other musical. Instruments of all grades
snd prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
¦ thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. . . • • ¦
W. E. LANE, phone Main $15. «03 California
st.; everybody's plumber. '
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurse *lrl for boy 2 years old; must do sew-
ing. 997 Golden Gate aye. : "'
A -BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p.m.
A FEW hundred more sewing machine operat-
ors will find work in Levi Strauei & Co.'s fac-
tory. 32% Fremont St. MR. DAVIS, foreman.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. '" * '-".-¦¦.- '" " ';
WOMAN wishes situation to do light house-
«rwork; a home more of an object. 1413 Pacific
TWO buttonhole makers and 6 - finishers on
coats; good wages. 135H Natoma St., near
New Montgomery.- . • ¦. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FlHtnore st.
WANTED— Saleslady, both industrious and In-
telligent. At 1823 Stockton st, millinery.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices on oustom work. 609 Kearny
St., room I.
WANTED— GirI to do housework and plain
cooking. Call at 3953 Twenty-fifth st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, We night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage Jto and from the ferry.
PENSIONS— J. -H. SHHPARD A CO.. Attor-
- ........neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market
REFINED lady wishes light sunny room with
elderly, refined couple In exchange for light
housework.- Address MISS E~ L., 70 Pond st.
YOUNG nursegirl wishes situation; wages $8 to
$10. Call or address A. J., 632 Elizabeth st,
near Castro?" ¦' .
GIRL wants place for light housework; good
home more desirable than wages, inquire 1058
Market St., shoe store.
MUSICAL I.\STKIME.\TS.
WANTED— Young girl •to assist tn housework
in a small family; no children. 1418 A Mason
st. bet. Pacific and Broadway.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8. F.
BARBER SCHOOL, , 741 A Howard st
AUSTIN'B Salary Loan Co., 336 Parrott build-
ing — Men can secure loans on personal note.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 260
to 60c. 562 Mission St., bet Ist and Id sts.
ELECTRIC lights in every room;' Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 100 rooms:
25c to $1 SO per night: $160 to $3 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED — Two men on bean In buckskin
tannery at West Berkeley. F. E. DEACH.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
. rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. CO9 Examiner building.
$60 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
A FINE suit to order $10 75, or pants $3 75; our
specialty in remnants allows us to sell cheap-
er than_ceady-made. L. EEMOS. 1117 Market
st, bet. 7th and Bth," prop. One-price Tailor-
ing Co., 532 Kearny, near Sacto.: also 1644
Market St.. under St Nicholas.
MONEY loaned on furniture, pianos, dia-
monds, etc. BRIDGES, 927 Market, room 316.
LEDERER Qulntonlca Is a perfect hair tone:
Ssc bot Lederer*s foamo shampoo Is the
best 5c pkg. G. LEDERER. 133 Stockton st
A — MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post st.; telephone Bush 135.
WANTED — Girl for general housework: 3
adults; no washing; sleep home. 1206% Folk
AN experienced masseuse wishes to give mas-
sage treatment to a few more ladles at their
home; physicians' references. Address Mas-
sage. 800 Ellis st
WANTED— Elderly woman for housework;
family of two; references required. 740 Ash-
bury st
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates:
10 years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st
STAMMERING corrected: booklet J. WHITE.
i HORN. A.M.. Pn.D.. 1313 Linden st. Oakland.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailor; highest
wages. FRANCES, 796 Sutter st
TWO coatmakers wanted. 1055 Broadway. Oak-
land.
SHORTHAND tausht personally and by mall:
language*. Mis* M. G. Barrett. 802 Montßy.
IS NOT A LADY.
CLASSES In German. French, Spanish; $2 -per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
PERSONALS.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
planes: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st
FANCY lroner, first-class country hotel laun-
dry, $35 and found: fare paid. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or evei ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ESPINA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted in a thoroughly established
wholesale business; $20,000 necessary. If you
have not the money do not answer. Box
4456 Call office.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
.second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legaoies, corporation loans, chattel
xnoragages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
• OLSEN. room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
OPIUM
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing guslnees else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
CHAS. .LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.-.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st. :
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. 1. WHITERFAP. 17T> Market St.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 89 Third
street. •
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S SO, with No.
7 ranee. King Furnltur» Co.. '.127-1131 Mnrk»t.
ELEGANT furniture of 7 rooms; separate
pieces or as a whole. 1235 Golden Gate aye. -
BARBER for Saturday. Apply H7 'Fourth st
BARBER Saturday and Sunday; steady for
right man; $4 60. 4116 Eighteenth, nr. Castro.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Fine furniture of 3 housekeeping
rooms; will sell as whole or by piece If de-
sired. 809 Hyde st, from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
6-ROOM flat nicely furnished: all full; rent
reasonable; a bargain. 212 Vj Sixth st.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air eomoressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers; plated:
almost new: cheap. 1915 Mission st. near 15th.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cars and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
510 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk et.
WANTED— A bright, active young man for
gent's furnishing goods department. Apply
to WEINSTOCK, LUBIN A. CO., 623 Market
St., from 2 to 3 p. m. i ¦-
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 2Sc.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
10,000 FEET new rubber belting, half Price,
ROBT. BRAND A CO.. 527 Third St.. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
I ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home;' consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023^4 Market st
DR. NG TOY KEE. late cf Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium, 704 Sacramento St., cor-
ner of Kearny; all . diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free: office hours, 10 a. m. to 12 m.,
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
A 6 11. P. double cylinder marine gas engine.
almost new; complete. 516 Mission st
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 76c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
tl IDEAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy st.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnant, 6 Turk; painless
cxL, crowns, bridgework; open Sund. till 12.
WANTED
Farmer and wife for good ranch near city.
$50 to $55 per month and board...
2 more miners........ 1 . $3 per day
Laborers for mine................ $28 and board
Farm hands, $26; , milkers, $30; carriage
washer, nice stable near city. $35 and board,
and others; 2 milkers. Sonoma County. $25 and
free fare. W. D. EWER A CO.. 610 Clay st
DRB. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; f-uaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure In one
day; 15 years' successful practice In S. F.;
maternity home; low fees. IOOT'-i .Market st
, FLATS TO LET. .
BEATUIFTJL new 6-room sunny flat; porcelain
tub. 6 Chelsea place, off Bush, bet Stockton
and Powell. ¦ ' .
ELEGANT sunny flat: 4 rooms, bath. 646 Wil-
low aye., near Laguna st. ¦ , • •• : ¦
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NINETEENTH, 3980. near Noe— Lovely sunny
lower B-room flat, with room on porch; $13;
water free.
TWO new. modern, minny flats; 6 rooms and
bath each. 967 and 975 Golden Oate aye %
UPPER flat of fine sunny rooms; nice cellar.
710H Clementina st; rent cheap.
$B— LOWER flat. 7«H Harrison st, between
Third and Fourth.
B-ROOM sunny flat; rent $14; to adults; J616
Mission st. Apply 844 Capp st
$14— WORTH $18: flat 6 rooms, bath. 1417 Pa-
clflc st. near Hyde. ¦ .
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver, Kte; painless extraction, 60c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
.....:.............. WANTED
Driver for delivery wagon In city; references
required; $35 per month 'and found. Apply
to W. P. EWER A CO., 610 Clay st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st
CAPITAL furnished on first-class mining pro-
- position. F. H. MORSE, 150 Nassau St., N.Y.
WANTED— Neat, respectable I boy. living with
parents, as office boy for our office; references
¦ required:- salary $3 50 per week. W. D. EWER
A CO.. 610 Clay st. ¦'
FINANCIAL.
A— NURSE for an institution, $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN A CO., 104 Geary st
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071H Market st: examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. 60c Phone. Mint 257. .
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prices; no students; guaranteed 11 years.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
A— 3o LABORERS for sawmill and woods, $26
and fares paid; 20 tiemakers, 13c: 10 farmers
for orchards, $26; 8 milkers, $28; choreman for
ii ranch, $25. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104
Geary st.
CAPE NOME houses for sale; 12x16 feet $150;
Mx'O feet $200. Apply to the Humboldt
Lumber Company. Third and Washington
sts.. Oakland. Cal.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st: open until 9 p. m.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold orowns,
$3 W up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9to 1
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
A— HEAD ¦ meat cook for an American ' hotel,
$70; cook; and helper, country hotel. $75, see
party here; restaurant butcher, ; $40; third
oook, $40; : third cook, $25; baker, hotel, $35;
potwasher, country hotel, $25. C. R, HAN-
SEN A CO.. 104 Geary st •
GOOD-PAYING patent for sale. Inquir«
¦ FRED. 3399 Eighteenth st.. 8. F.; references
required. :
A FINE suit $10: dress pants. $2 75. BROWN
BROS. CLOTHING. 437 Montgomery st
AUTOMATIC sewing machine; oak woodwork;
latest attachments; cheap. 145 Sixth st
30-FOOT gasoline launch for sale cheap; 9*4
horsepower engine : full cabin; electric lights.
Address box 3070. Call office.
FOR sale at a bargain— 26- ton schooner yacht
with fixtures and fittings complete: in first-
class condition. For particulars address box
COLLECTION '- OFFICE B. '^- '
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 327. Market st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1C63 Mission st
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, cturd • reader:
sittings daily. . II2H Sixth st; : s ¦ .^"
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 6848
."...Leading Employment and Labor Agents....
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M...... ......
26 mi1ker5.. ...... .:'... :..530. $35. $25 and found
47 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent p1ace5....... J26, $25, $20 and found
16 chore men and b0y5.... 520. $18. $15, $10. fd.
3 buttermakers, run separators.. s3s. $30, fd.
6 stablemen. .l 2 laborers, city Jobs. .soo and fd.
6 miners. $75.... ....6 drillers $60
10 laborers for mines..... $30 and found
Lor sniper ........$4O and found
Head donkeyman ;."......:.. .$5O and found
136 woodchorpers. tie makers, $2 50. $2. $1 50.
$1 cord. 13c; 12c. lie, 10c each, some for mines.
.....CARPENTERS AJfD OTHER HELP
6 carpenters, 9 months' Job. house work ..:
•••••. ....$2 50 day
10 laborers, free fare, call early $2 day
10 men or strong boys for hop fields. ...$3O
8 coopers; blacksmith, heavy work,. s3 50 day;
milk wagon drivers; 'weaver on wire mat-
tresses; carriage trimmer, "fare $2. $3 day
....HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS...
14 cooks ......$5O. $45. $40. $35. $30. found
19 waiters and dishwashers........;..
$35. $30. $25, $20, $15, found
Clerk. . bakery, $20, found; E laundrymen; boys
for factories, stores • and butchers' wagons;
butchers, city shops. MURRAY A READY,
__634 and 636 Clay st -..---:.
A WANTED ....,;... RAILROAD WORK
E0 4-horse teamsters.....;. $2 a day
60 2-horse teamsters..... ......$1 75 a day
60 rockmen $3 a day
10 concrete mixers $3 a day
60 pick and shovel. men.. .v.....'. $175 a day
And free fare to w0rk.;;.."......
Apply to CR. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
EMPLOYMENT £ -WANTED— MALE.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUAMSM.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOB SALE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, MARCH 17, 1900.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. . Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195- 197. Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store ana of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand! . J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
it. above Sixth. .
HEAD gardener, 'a good Enropean and Ameri-
can florist., wlsheß place in park or private;
¦ understands hedges, botanical display, etc.
Address box 3062, Call office. , . -.. , ¦
BY young man of 24, position going north for
any reliable company: thorough practical
knowledge of mining; best of references and
bond If necessary, i For further - particulars
write or call room 469, 44 Third st
COTTAGES TO LET. .
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; basement
yard, with or without stable ; cheap. 1876
Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
WELL recommended young man,' with Al ref-
erences, would like ' position . as :a ¦ olerk or
manager In a gents' furnishing business, hats
. or shoes; had position 6 years with one firm.
Address 1534 Ellis st -,•'• ¦ . -
ENGINEER who Is taking a thorough elec-
trical engineer's course wants employment in
line with studies; can give reference. * Ad-
dress Engineer, box 4479, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cutter and designer on ladles'
tailoring, late of New York, wants position.
Address) box 3060. . Call office.
MASSEUR wants situation at springs. Ad-
dress box 8047, Call office. .
DENTISTS.
A^rT^T.^'s^ HlGGlNS^^^ental parlors. 927
Market st, over Cafe Zlnkand — Teeth extract-
ed wltheut pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and ¦¦ filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit. from
{4 to up; open evenings and Sundays.
YOUNG man, experienced at bookkeeping and
telegraphing,* would like position where he
could make himself useful. Address D., 44
Third st . • \
; HOUSES— LODGING— FOR SALE.
A GRAND 60-room house; suitable for ldoging-
• house or sanitarium; electric lights: 2 en-
trances; adjoins Owl Drug Store, 1132 Market
A— SNAP; 28 furnished rooms and bath; cheap;
owner leaving city; no agents. 420 Sixth st
HOUSES LODGING— To Let.
TO let— House of 9 rooms and bath; on Bu-
chanan, near California. Inquire of W. 11.
CRIM. 118 Montgomery st.
MOUSES TU LKT.
A^?mNTisrTTlsTrhmises^^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A PLEASANT sunny house, 6 rooms'and bath;
large ba.«ement and laundry; stable, carriage
house and garden. 830 Shot well at. nr. 23' J.
ELLIOTT PARK. 22, 1 off Steiner, bet. Geary
and O'Farrell— Rent $18; 5 rooms and bath;
2-Btory cottage. ¦
TO let— A pleasant sunny house, 7 rooms. 3388
Twenty-first st, near Guerrero. " ¦'
I ROOMS: rear entrance: good to rent rooms;
nicely furnished. 313H OTarrell. near Mason.
HOUSES WASTED.
COMFORTABLY furnished house wanted; San
Mateo County, north of Menlo Park: no chil-
dren; give particulars. J. . S-. box 3052. Call.
LOST A.Mi FOl.\O.
$10 REWARD for Information leading to recov-
ery of opera glasses left In Tivoll. Thursday
afternoon, March 8; aluminum covered with
alligator. Address box 3074. Call office. /
LOST— A yawl boat, marked Lottie; suitable
reward. Return to CAPT. FLANDERS, tug
Lottie, Washlngton-st. wharf..
YOUNG white male Llewellyn setter, with
black spots; answers to name of Brent; re-
ward. 605 O'Farrell st. ¦. - •
FOUND— March 13, pocket-book; must Identify.
, Inquire 459 Stevenson st, from 12.t0 1.
LOST — Purse . containing sum of money; on
Kearny st, between Sacramento and Geary.
Return to room 302 Safe Deposit building, 323
Montgomery st:. and receive liberal reward.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5 a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, DOc; crowns, $3 50; all work
falnlcfs and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
ors. 14 Sixth st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
to subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.. .. - - - .
GASOLINE engines: marine and stationary:
second hand: guaranteed; all sizes. NEWELL
BROS.. 140 First st ¦¦-.---¦-
CASH registers, second-hand, of every de-
scription bought, sold, exchanged and re-
paired. 1309 Mission st. bet Ninth and Tentn.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIOALUPL
933 Market st. San Francisco.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. 216 California st.
WANTED— Experienced furniture and carpet
salesman; state age. former employer, how
long employed, how long idle. Box 8063, Call.
K—XZ 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. nr. Pine.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable soeclallst; home
in confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any ailment; consuttatiflh fr«e. 943
Post st. between Hyde and Larkln.
"furnished flats cor sale
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st, bet
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p.- m.
DR. BUZARDS Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50: all
animals treated: ders boarded. Tel. West 63«.
FIRST-CLASS barber for to-day, Saturday. 34
Montgomery st
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
wages $4 5a 1003 Larkln st
GOOD barber wanted. 1071 Market st, near
Seventh. ¦ ¦ ~—
BARBER wanted at 394 Sixth st; young man
of experience preferred.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planes, lathes,
iron * wood: 2d-hand. J. BITRKT.. 133 Beal*.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
. tlflc methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. 35.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 715 Vi Da-
vis st • .
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 108 Post
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at office, $5: safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
K. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Ueary st; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st, the eminent
female specialist; home or ofiice treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market
st; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
WANTED— A portable double circular saw-
mill, capacity 10.000 feet new or second hand,
and n 30 horsepower portable engine. B. C.
GANSNER. Qulncy. Plumaa County. Cal. ¦
ASTONISHINO prices for ladies' and gents"
cast-off c!otU"nir. etc.; don't sell until you
learn my offer. Postal. M. Nathan. 19 Sumner.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. IJI Post over O'Connor & Moffat.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in confinement. ¦ 1312 Golden Gate aye.
HEALD'S Business College, U Post st, 8. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new 80-page catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING- as It Is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
ALL Etudenta but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
OPIUM, morohine and whisky habit cured at
home; "absolutely painless": no cur* rto pay;
write for book. Operine Medicine Co.. box
190. Atlanta. Ga.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
AYRES', leading business college, 723 Market;
individual Instruction ; bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing: life scholarship, $50; catalogue. ¦
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: est. 1554.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 100S Mission; vlolln.gultar.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St Germain College of
Palmistry: reads Ito ». €16 Geary, nr. Jones.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
BARBER for Saturday; $8. tl Seventh st
BARBER wanted for 6 days; also one for Sat-
urday and Sunday. 108 Fourth st
BARBER for Saturday ; $3. 1796 Mission st '
CDATMAKERS for the country. J. BAUM-
GARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery st
WANTED— A good dishwasher In restaurant
113 Turk st.
WANTED— FIrst-clasa mechanical draughts-
. man. 324 Fremont st
BARBERS — Man - to buy Be business; cheap;
going to Nome, j 1005 Kearny st.
BRIGHT small boy, 16 or 13. willing to learn,
at Mission Awning Co., 1649 Mission; call early.
WANTED^-Bellboy who - understands running
elevator at. B9 Stockton st. .- . >
STEADY,^ sober man as partner in saloon;
small capital required. 130 Fourth St.
BRIGHT retail Jewelry salesman of city expe-
rience; steady position; state references and
salary expected. Address box 3035, Call office.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors at
SCHIMMEL & STOVER'S, 408 Sutter st
WANTED— A boy to learn cake-baking. Call
816 Hayes st.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
MR. A. WILLIAM, who resided at 333 Geary
st. ISM. Dlea9e communicate with J. E.
GLUCK. International Hotel, immediately.
ON real eetate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 26 Montgomery.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; special inducement
this season;, handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution* in the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGER 635
Clay st. Branches^ — Ban Francisco. New York,
St. Louis, Chicago, Minneapolis.
LOANS to salaried people: personal security
only. TOUSLEY. 321 Parrott building.
OLD gold bought; money loaned on every de-
scription of collateral. Coleman's, 506 Kearny.
CARPENTERS WANTED to STAY away
from San Francisco, as there are many Idle
men here, notwithstanding advertisements to
the contrary. DISTRICT COUNCIL OF CAR-
PENTERS.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for candy store. 22
Sixth Et.
WANTED— A girl to wash napkins at 617 Mont-
gomery st. ¦ .¦. ¦ .
GIRL to work on mangle. Apply Mercantile
Towel Co., 251 Jessie st ; .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMAL-.
GIRL 14 years old would like to do light house-
•work' and attend children. Address B.
PETETISON. Redwood .City, Cal.
COPYING wanted or hour's dictation daily by
experienced stenographer; work -accurate and
neat. B. C, 1259 O'Farrell st
LADY for fine office position; duties pleasant
DOCTOR, box 3069. Call office.
GIRLS WANTED.
To work on shirts: beginners .taught LEVI
STRAUSS A CO.. 36% Fremont st; elevator.
RELIABLE woman wants work \by the day,
housecleanlng or washing. Apply at 15H Oak
Grove aye., off Harrison st, bet. Bth and 6th.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night, 75c to $3 per week.
BLAND' S second-hand clothing store. 79 Ninth:
full value given for ladles', children's cast-off
clothing, trunks, etc. Phone. Howard 11S2.
FURNISHED rooms. 7Ec, $1. II 35 per week.
METROPOLITAN. 614 Fourth St. •
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia: all pain leaves Uk* magic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard St.
WANTED— OId gold for manor g. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
lng call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel Black 4123.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Stlverman. 984 Folsom; tel Fotsom 1191.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M". HEINEMAN. 109 Pansome st.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
at home. S2l Mission it, room 1.
LACE curtains cleaned good as new; EOo a
pair; work called for."' 119 Oak st. |
CHEAPEST and best ta America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tho
United States or Canada one year for 11.
postage paid. ¦
a great sale of
: pianos
PIANOS
Entire Stock of
HAMILTON-BANCROFT CO.
_¦ - Consisting of
BTBIXWAY, :-; - ' ;' >>". -'-
CHICKERING.
.¦-¦..- WEBER,
HAINES BROS.'
BAIJSWIN,
BU3II A GERTS,
ELLINGTON. . '.'£r±i
HAMILTON.
AND OTHERS.
PRICES FROM 350 ITWARD.
SNAPS FOR BUYERS.
BYRON MAUZY, .
908-310-313 POST. ST..
• PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021U Market st. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Smle
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
I 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers,
200 HORSES 1000 to 1400 pounds. 30 head 1200 to
1300 pounds, unbroken, . at the Canty Ranch,
Grayson, Cal. _¦'. " \ . ¦ •
YOUNG girl to assist with general housework
and cooking. Call 2827 Pine st. - '
GIRL for housework In Oakland; $16 month.
Apply room 606. Call building. ¦ ¦
EXPERIENCED bookfolders wanted; also 3
apprentices. COS Montgomery st.
LADY solicitors for high grade portraits; good
pay. Room 69, St. Ann's bldg, : . ¦;: .>.x«-
YOUNG lady (trained nurse) would be glad to
bear of position to assist doctor. Address
box 3050. Call office. - •
WANTED— Situation as cook: first class; Oak-
land or city preferred; $30. Address 965
Fourteenth st, Oakland. . . '
WANTED — Sewing and mending to do at home.
IZO Fourth st., room 7.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. CO5 G." G. ar.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st: open until 9p. m. ..; '.•>¦•--' '*¦¦¦
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work by the
day. . Address MISS OSTERGREN, 309 Sev-
enth st. '...,.; ¦;¦;. ¦"¦¦>.:; ."C.
A FEW pianos. will be sold for storage at auc-
tion prices: dirt cheap, for cash. WILSON"S
Storage 1710 Market st
EXPERIENCED girl wishes to take care of in-
fant. Apply 17K>B Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 SO night; $1 50 to $(
week; convenient and respectable; c free ..'bus
anil baggage to and from ferry. . :..•/¦ ¦•,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllraore.
DISHWASHER wanted. .' 108* Hayes, st '¦'.' ".
WANTED— First-class machinists. Apply at
143.8ea1e st. . ¦ •-¦,:¦. *•:< .-¦;:•-. ..:• ".*, ',*Vv
WANTED— A boy to learn the painting trade.
Apply at 2012. Market st - . . > . •
10from $S0 to $77, and its recovery to $79 75. Gaa
& Electric was lower at $53 75®53 37%. Other
changes were Insignificant.
In the afternoon Giant Powder continued the
active stock, opening at $SL rising to $82 and
closing at JSI 25. Other stocks showed little
variation.
The oil stocks were motionless.
The Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Company
has declared a dividend of 25 cents, payable
The following corporations paid dividends on
the 16th: Contra Costa Water. 40 cents; Pre
sidio Railroad Company, 10 cents. .
; .The Spring Valley Water Company will pay
a dividend of 42 cents on the 20th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, March 16—8 p. m.
Bld.Ask. i . Bid. Ask
U 8 Bonds—
4s quar coup.. 114% —
4s quar reg... — 114%
4s quar new. .138 —
3s quar c0up.. 110% —
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 55.U7 —
C C Wat 55... 105 —
Ed L& P 65..129 —
F t Cl By 65. .114 115
Geary-st R 6s. — 95
H C & 3 6%5.105 110
•-Do 6s 136% —
L A Ry 65..... 104*105%
LAL Co 55.. — —
Do gntd 65.. — : —
BDo gntd 65.. — 103
L A & P R 55.102%102%
Market-st 65.. — . —
Eqult G L Co.. SH —
Mutual El Co.. 10H 11%
OG L & H.... — 60
Pac Gas Imp.; 64 —
Pac L Co ..... 44 — '
SPCt E.... 53% 53%
Kan Francisco. 4»i 4«
Stkn G&ECo 10 —
Insurance—
Flrem's Fund.226% —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd: — 69
Bank of Ca1... 402% —
Cal 8D & T..100 —
First Natlonal.2so 805
Lon P &. A.... 130
Merchants' Ex 14 —
Nev Nat Bk.. — ,_
Savings Banks—
Do Ist M 55.116K —
NCN G R 75.1C6 —
N R of Cal 65.113V4 -
N R of Cal 55.1 la 7 /8116%
N P C R R 65.1J3% -
N P C R R 55.106 107
N C R R 55. ...108% —
Oak GL&H 6s.lU —
Oak Tran 65. ..11 l —
Oak W Co 65. .105 — '
Oceanic S C 0..105% —
Om C Ry 65...127Vi12S
P*CI Ry 65..104tt105H
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 6s. — . —
Sac LG&R 6s. M —
S F & SJV 68.117 ;—
gR of Cal 65.H3 —
SPof'A 63....1U '11M4
BPC 6s (1905).lll —
Do 1906) Y...J12 113
Do (1912) .... — —
Do Ist eg 6s. — — I
8 P Br 65.:.. .127 128%
S V. Water 65.U4 ; — ;
Do 4s ........104 ¦ — .
S V W 4s(3dm)lo2K —
Etktn Gas 65. .100 104
Water Stocks— ' - :
Contra Costa.. 64% Mi
Martn County. —
Spring Valley.. 98% 91
Gas & Electric— ,
Cent G L Co.. — —
Cent L & P..: — 4%
Ger S & L..1500 —
Hum S & L.. ¦'— ¦ —
Mut Say Bk. 45 " —
S F Say U.. 507H — ¦
Say & L So. 74 78
Sec Say Bk. — _
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads—
California .....11941JJ
Geary-st' 60 '
Market-st Ry. 62% tt
OS L & H.... — 60
Presidio ....... 15ft _
Powder Stocks-
California ....150 160
Giant Con Co.. SUi 81K
Vlgorit .... 2% —
¦ Sugar Stocks—
Hana 8 P Co. 8% —
Haw C&8Co 88 90
Honokaa S Co. 31 81H
Hutch 8 P Co. 26H 27
Kilauea S Co.. 21V» —
Makawell 8 Co 47T» 48U
Onomea S Co.. 29
Paauhau 8 Co. 2SV4 30
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack 'Assn. — 119*
Cal Fruit Asn.loo 101
Mer Ex Assn. . 90 100
Oceanic S Co. . — 105 Si
Pac a F A..:; J —
Pac C Bor C0.147U —
Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session. ' '
'-. -' -Board— -.:" '.- - ¦¦:.. ?: ¦ "' _. %
15 Contra. Costa Water.. i 64 00
— 7 '
TO LEASE.
KENILWORTH Inn, romantically situated In
Mill Valley; 60 minutes' ride from San Fran-
risco- completely furnished; 40 rooms; steam
and hot water baths; electric lights: heater*
throughout: elevators, etc.; rent low. Apply
kSp&ON * 8J7R58, MVMiLttjU. J
STORAGE A3D WAREHOUSES-
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, iOl Post X.. cor. Powell; teL Main 6713.
EEKIN'S Van and Storage Co.. IJ4O Market:
teL South 625; packing, moving and storage.
lEWISG MACHINES A.YD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 Bth: phone Mint 45.
ALL klods bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palring at lowest rates. 205 Fourth «t.____^
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from »: whitened $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
435 Montgomery rt.. rooms »-10; tel. ZzpO.
. ROOMS WAXTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished room: about $3 or $4 a
month: mlddle-ajred man. Box 8059, Call.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Eltza Huyck to Emily Mllcovioh. lot on SB
line of Munich street. 175 SW of RusslaN 8W
25 by SE 100, block 92, Excelsior Homestead
sl66. ••........ ... ?;
Unknown owners (by James Gtlleran, Super
intendent of Streets). to William Nlcol. lot on
E line of Lafayette street, 106:6 N of Bruns
wick. N7oby E 178; $55. , "runs
William and C. T. Nlcol to Carlton P MouU
throp, same; $10.
Laurel Hllll Cemetery Association to Wil
liam Mund, lot on NE corner of Belle Fountain
and Sycamore streets, N 81:3, E 15, S 91J w
115; $220. . . ' '
Moses and Sarah R. Samuel to Rebecca Jen
nings, lot on SW line of First street. 65 8 of
Minna, also 250 SE of . Mission, SE 25 by SW
75: grant: - ¦¦ : ¦ : - <
Patrick Klrwin (or Kerwin) to Mary E. Kir
win (or Kerwin), lot on SE corner of Ninth and
Point Lobos avenues, .E 55:6, 8 100. B 62-6 S
25. W 120. N 126; also lot on NW corner' of
Sixth avenue and B street. N 100 by W 32:6
also lot on PW corner of Sixth avenue and
A street, W 32:6 by S 100; gift. :
P. J. Silk to Ellen Silk, lot on BE line, of
Preclta street, 143:8 NE of Mission. 8 105. E 60.
N 2:6. E 64. NW 142. SW 39:8. Preclta Valley
Lands; gift. * • - -./.¦ ,
Joseph F. Dolan to Christian J. and Kate A.
Jensen, lot on S line of Randall street. 170 W
of Chenery. W 25 by 8 125, block 19, Fairmount:
tlO.' :¦¦¦¦-:¦ ¦ f-.S- .--.-;.-»-;.-,¦¦•.¦¦.- -...- ¦;>.•
Edward F. and Elizabeth B. MeChesney ¦to
Eachel c. Robinson, lot on W . line of . Arch.
J.TTW family hotel; first clans in all appoint-
ments; excellent table; Mpedal inducements to
select people. BC7 California st.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
A— HOTEL La Normandle. 326 Eddy— Sunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; first-
class table and service; prices moderate.
IF yr>a desire rooms with or without board and
refined home life call at room CIS. Examiner
building; office open untU «:S0 p. m.
HOTEL SALISBURY, Hyde A Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAB. 1820 Market st..— Suite ol 1 or I
rms.; private; bath: uln. ma.; board optional.
VAN NESS aye.. »44 <Tbe Wallace)— Rooms
and board: furnished and unfurnished; $30 up.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call I* pares, sent to any address in the
Vrii*e s»tste»>. postpaid, tor S\ r»»r y«r.
MARRIED.
FOLLANSBEK— FORBES— In this city. March
14, 1900, by the Rev. E. J. Lion, rector of St.
Stephen's Church, George Sherman Follans-
bee and Ella M. Forbes.
HARDES-CORDER— In this city. March 14.
IS-JO. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Charles F.
Hardes and Grace K. CorJer.
LILLEY— LANDIS— In this city. March 14. 1900,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Dr. John F. Lll-
ley and Lulu J. Landis.
SMITH— POWELL— In this city. March 15. 1900,
by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Albert Smith and
Gladys Powell, both of San Francisco.
WIESER— LECHER— In this city, March 15.
1900. by the Rev. XV. C. Schmutzer, John
Henry Wleser and Barbara Lecher, both of
ROOMS AAD BOARD.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market sC— Ele-
ractly fantisbed sucnj rooms: en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table first class;
BIRTHS— MANAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be banded
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
BORN.
GREVES— In this city. March 1L 1800, to the
wife of George W. Greves, a daughter.
HELLER— In this city, March IS. 1900. to the
wife of E. S. Heller, a son.
A BRANCH office fcr th« reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
•t '121 PnTk rt. : op«i until 9 p. m.
THE OAKS. 11* Third — A good rooming house
fcr good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TT'RK. 1». and 112J Market (Parker House)—
Nicely furnished eunny suites; also other
rooms; rent reasonable; by day, week or mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2240 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscripUons has been established at ICX Va-
lencia ft.
Shipping Intelligence.
CALIFORNIA. SS2, near Powell— Elegantly fur-
r.lcbed Fanny rooms en suite or single, with
teL or bath; rent reasonable. Phone Red 2415.
CaRROLLTON. 12C< Market, cor. Gclden Gats
»vf- Sunny ocrr.er: well furn.: rms. & offices.
CENTRAL. C Second St.— Nicely furnished
¦ front rocms, $2 and $3 per week; respectable.
C RCOMS, rent fll; 4 rooms, rent $10. 29 Cook
eu; arply 2S Clyde st.
UURNETT. 1426 Market et. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
cs*h«-i rms.. ruites. single; also unfurnished.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Infnrn.
A— BKUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
ZSe to $1 per night; $1 ZS to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA, rCS Post pt.. cor. Stockton — Sunny
corner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
OAKXAAD REAL ESTATE.
VAN NESS aye.. 400—3 neatly furnished con-
necting rooms; stationary tubs; fine yard;
bus all day; northeast corner.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubs-'-r-.rt.'ons has been established at 109S Va-
lencia et.
EUTTER. 1111 — Furnished rooms; single and
en suite: alsa housekeeping; terms reasonable.
THIRD. 143 — Sunny housrkeeplng rooms; com-
plete; front; first flocr; bath; gas.
TURK. 301 — Large ennuy front comer room;
light housekeeping; also lower front room.
TWENTY -FIRST. Z27S. near Valencia — 5 sunny
housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry; $20.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
Steamer Movements.
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, near Post— 3 unfurnished
and 3 furnished rooms. $19 and $12.
MINNA, near Ninth — 2 nice furnished rooms
for light housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA, 2523 — Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping ; gas range; reasonable.
EDDY 817 — Front housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished; Fplendid location; private residence.
FIFTH. :&j — 2 and 3 furnished housekeeping,
with bath, fio to KO; a.so single. $4 to $6.
842. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; telling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. 1400.
Time— %, :23&; &, :47 1 / 4: .%. 1:13%. Poor start. Won cleverly, second and third driving.
Winner. W. H. Barrett's b. h., by imp. Sir Mod red-Tyranny. Momentum came to. Es
plrando Is consistent. Jingle stopped. Gauntlet practically left. Vioris also backed up.
Scratched— Amasa 113, Sister Alice 111. Florence Fink IPS Harry Corby 110. -^o^ -?
ROOMS FOR HOL'SEKEEPIAG.
A— 2 LAR.GE sunny front rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; folding beds; $6 per
month; furniture all new. Apply at shoe
store. :.C2 Mission et.. bet. First, and Second.
_ KOSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
ROSS Valley lou. 60x150 feet. $300 to $500; fine
view; good drainage; 6an Rafael water sys-
tem: S minutes' walk from station; sprinkled
roads. Apply P. ROSS, Tamalpais Station.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
A BARGAIN; $2000 ranch for $1200; ICO acres
House, barn, stock, furniture; all level; party
f.°l^f t0 C *P* Nome. Particulars to H. MAY-
NARD. Hunter*. Tehama County. Cal.
*<* ACE2S in Stanislaus County, near rail-
road; water; growing crops; under fence and
a.j other Improvements. For particulars ad-
Crest or can w. P. CROW. 1334 Polk. city.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg
Land lor sale in Sonoma. Contra Costa, Glenn.
Santa Cruz. Shasta and Teharoa Cos., CaL
PINE building lets in center of Stockton City;
cheap. McLAUG"LIX & CO., 777H Market.
Time— V4, :24; %, :49. Good start. Won easily, second and yiird driving. Winner, E. J. Bald
win's b. c, by Honduras-Belinda. Saketo a surprise. BeTzeebub none too game. 'Coupled
with Saketo. - Scratched— George Dewey 118. J^^^ u^^^>^v^^^^v»y«y»*«.
15 Contra Costa Water..... «3 87H
' 59 Honokaa S Co ; 31 50
» 150 Honokaa S Co 31 25
5 Giant Powder Con 80 00
10 Giant Powder Con 73 00
40 Gtant Powder Con... 78 50
20 Giant Powder Con 77 00
¦; 65 Giant Powder Con. s 90 77 00
55 Giant Powder Con 78 00
20 Giant Powder Con. s 90 77 50
10 Giant Powder Con. s 90 78 50
35 Giant Powder Con 79 62V4
5 Giant Powder C0n.... 79 50
30 Giant Powder Con 79 75
100 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 25
*2,000 Park & Cliff House «s bonds 105 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 75
300 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 37H
100 Vlgorit •• 2 50
Street—
110,000 Spring Valley 6s bonds 114 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water t* 00
50 Contra Costa Water 64 12H
5 Contra Costa Water 64 25
60 Contra Costa Water 64 37^
35 Giant Powder Con 8100
5 Giant Powder Con 82 00
45 Giant Powder Con 81 50
6 Giant Powder Con 81 75
- 5 Giant Powder Con 81 62U
10 Giant Powder Con. s 90 81 50
10 Giant Powder Con 81 374
5 Giant Powder Con... 81 12\»
6 Giant Powder Con. b 10 SI 25
25 Giant Powder Con. a 30 81 25 .
¦ 250 Giant Powder Con 8125
60 Honokaa 8 Co 31 25
17.000 Los Angeles Ry 5s bonds 105 00
60 Makawell ¦ 47 75
120 Makawell 47 87H
40 Market-street Railway 62 75
10 Onomea Sugar Co 29 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 2S 75
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 63 60
5 Spring Valley Water 93 75
100 Vlgortt Powder 2 50
Street—
700 Makawell 47 7S
$3,000 S P of C 6s bonds (1905) 11l 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Home Oil S 65
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
200 Barker Ranch 115
200 Anaconda 55
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
900 Best A Belcher. 401 500 Ophir 83
300 Caledonia 1 20! 300 Overman S3
200 Challenge 24 1300 Overman 33
200 Chollar 23 200 Potosi 22
100 Chollar 24 200 Potoel 33
950 Con Cal & Va..l 65 300 Savage 14
200 Crown Point... 15 400 Sierra Nevada. 57
100 Gould & Curry. IT SOO Utah 11
200 Gould & Curry. 16 200 Yellow Jacket.. 19
200 Ophlr S3
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 13 300 Ophlr 90
100 Caledonia 1 40 200 Potosl 25
200 Challenge 27 100 Savage 14
500 Chollar 24 1000 Seg Belcher.... 06
100 Con Cal & Va..l 73 200 Sierra Nevada. 60
200 Con Cal & Va..l 70 100 Silver Hill 08
100 Gould & Curry. 19 600 Utah 12
Following were the sales In tha Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Alpha Con OS, 200 Crown Point... 14
500 Andes 12 1500 Mexican 23
SOO Belcher 32 300 Mexican 30
200 Best & Belcher. 40 1200 Ophlr S3
20<) Best & Belcher. 41 400 Ophlr 84
800 Best & Belcher. 42 SOO Ophtr 82
250 Caledonia 130 500 Ophlr 85
200 Chollar 23 200 Overman 32
100 Con Cal & V...1 60 200 Potosl 23
800 Con Cal & V...1 85 200 Potosl 35
SOO Con Cal & V.I 67H 300 Union Con 24
250 Con Cal & V..1 62W 300 Union Con 25
2500 Con Cal & V...1 70
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 12H 300 Gould & Curry. Jl
300 Andes 13 1100 Mexican 31
£00 Belcher 33 600 Mexican SO
800 Best & Belcher.' 43 800 Ophlr 8S
200 Best & Belcher. 42 200 Ophlr 90
100 Caledonia 1»5 200 Ophlr »2
200 Challenge Con. 28 200 Ophlr »3
300 Challenge Con. 25 300 Ophlr 85
600 Challenge Con. 27 1200 Overman 34
200 Challenge Con. 30 500 Potosl 25
900 Con Cal & V...1 70 900 Savage 15
300 Con Cal & V...1 75 400 Savage " 16
400 Con Cal * V...1 80 900 Sierra Nevada. 80
200 Confidence 85 200 Sierra, Nevada. 85
600 Crown Point... 18 700 Union Con .28
300 Gould & Curry. 18 200 Yellow Jacket.. 20
300 Gould & Curry. 20 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. March 18— I p. m.
Bld.Ask. . Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Kentuck 03 03
Alta 05 06 Lady Wash 02 —
Andes 13 15 Mexican 33 24
Belcher 33 U Occidental 13 14
Best & Belcher. 43 43 Ophir SI SI
Bullion 03 05 Overman 33 34
Caledonia 1401 45 Potosl IS 27
Chollar 23 24|Savage 15 1«
Challenge Con. 29 30i Scorpion — 03
Confidence 85 91 Seg Belcher.... 04 05
Con Cal & V...1 80 185 Sierra Nevada. «4 85
Con Imperial... — 02 Silver Hill 06 07
Con New York. — 04 St Louis — 13
Crown Point... 14 16 Standard 390 —
Exchequer j 02 03 j Syndicate 06 —
Gould & Curry. 21 22 1 Union Con 26 27
Hale & Norcrs. 30 31|Utah 11 13
Julia 01 03 Yellow Jacket.. 19 20
Justice 06 071
Discharge of California Rivers.
The following record of the estimated dally
discharge of certain California rivers is fur
nished by J. B. Upplncott, hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey. One second
foot equals 50 miners' Inches:
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, V. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
March IS. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. p.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at t
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
DIED.
Allen, Charles A. Hancock, Mrs. Mar-
Baker. James M. tha A. . .-> :-¦*¦
Behre. Cassle Kyne. Patrick •
Blair, Sitter Mary A. McCann, Katie
Bunting. Alexander J. Mitchell, Margaret
Bushman, Johanna O'Day. William
Carty, Nellie Parker. Johanna
Clark, Jane Powers, Ellen
Condon. Ellen I'ostel, August D.
Deady. Mary E. - Rowntree, Sarah S.
Dunn, James Schultz, Henrietta
Gelb. Christine - Stein. Aaron • .
Gibbs. C. S. V. Tuckey, Ruth G.
ALLEN— In this city, March 15, 1900, Charles
A. Allen, beloved son of Katherine Allen.
' and brother of William 0., T. Franklin and
Fred Allen, a native of California, aged 2$
years 7 months and 12 days. (Nevada papers
please copy.)
py Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:S0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1141 Point Lobos avenue, thence to the
Notice to Mariners.
CRESCENT CITT. CAT*
Notice is hereby given that the bell buoy,
painted black ' and marked with the letters
"C. C." In ' white, marking Fauntlerojr Rock.
Crescent City harbor. California, la now in
rood working order.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast, 1900," page SI.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
¦.-.... ......... L. SEBREE.
Commander. XT. B. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District. \
ALASKA.
Notice !¦ hereby ' riven that the following
named buoys have gone adrift from their po
sitions in Alaskan waters, which affects the
"List of Beacons and Buoys. Pacific Coast.
1900:" ' . • rL - :'--.- ¦„-'"?•- *
¦''Sumner . Btralta, page BS— McArthur Reef
buoy, a red and . black horizontally striped
second-class can. '
. Channel through Wrangel Strait " from the
southward.' page 88— Point Lock-wood Rock buoy
No. 0, a black flrst-class spar.
Lynn Canal, page 85— Katsehln River flats
buoy No. 3. * red second-class ice.
Chatham Btralt. pare ;> 85— Killlsnoo Harbor
No. 2, a red third-class can.
Morris Reef buoy No. La. black ftrst-claas
can.'"-.' •"- ¦¦--¦-.V^JM* " ¦ .'¦-'¦ '
The '. foregoing buoys will, be replaced aa
early as practicable.
By order of ¦ the Lighthouse Board.
. E. D. TAUSBIO. ..
Commander, U. 5. .??., Lighthouse Inspector.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E A Becker. Pa^
Geo Bodtnsteln. Phila,
B G Brooks. Scranton
Mrs Brook* Scranton
T Brown. Nowf oundlnd
Mrs Brown Newfdland
E O Carpenter. N Y t _
Miss J Carpenter. N V
M Crawford, Pa ¦ ->
Mrs Crawford, Pa
Miss ME Crawford, Pa
Mrs N A Dill. N J
Miss Eastabrook. N V
Miss W A Farmer, N J
J V L Finlay, Md
Mrs Finlay, Md
Miss W L Finlay, Md
Mrs T J Frow. Pa
Mrs C V Hamilton, Pa
F H Hart. Conn '
Mrs Hart, Conn
Wm Herron, Brooklyn
Mrs Herron, Brooklyn
E B Hlndale, NY
Mrs Hindale. NY
C-.W Holmes, NY .
Mrs Holmes, N V •
F R Jordan. Maine
Mrs Jordan, Maine
John Loughran. Pa
Miss A B Loughran, Pa
Miss E C Loughran, Pa
Miss G Utalme, Pa
\V Mathews, Scranton
Mrs Mathews, Scranton
C Pike. Pa
Miss J S Potts, Phila
Jas Ramage, Mass
Mrs J Ramage, Mass
S C Sherwood, Conn
Mrs Sherwood, Conn
Mies W Simpson, N V
J A Terhune, N J
Mrs Terhune, ' N ' J
C M Waterbury. NY.
j White, Atlantic City
Mr« White, Atlantic C
Mr Bernheimer, Pa
H Schutzenbach, Pa ;
Mr Welnberg. Pa
Mr Carpenter, Pa <
Mr Pratt. Pa- '
Mr Emantles, Fa ¦
Mr A Mrs Davis, Pa.
Mr Nemarest. Pa scg
Mrs Nemarest, Pa
Mr ' &Mrs Walter, Pa'
Mr and Mrs Reiter.- Pa
Mr and Mrs Hiller. Pa
Miss Tlehenor, Pa
C R Rosetiberg, ; Pa
H.J Small, Sacto
H Slefert, Minn
W H BrevoorV N V
Wm Levy,. NY .
H Werthelmber Jr. NY
E T Earl. Los Angeles
G J McCarty, Mexico
Wm J Rodgers, N J . -
Miss J Rodgers, N J
Jtrs E N Doyle. N J
J P Adair, Chicago
C M Mitchell. N V
X Krueger, Chicago
Wm Levy, N V
H G Cotes, Los An» ,
Mrs Gotes. Los Ang
T Flint Jr. Ban Juan
3 A Peek, NY
Mrs Peck. NY
Miss JA Friedman NY
J W Piper, Boston
lira A L Sheets, San J
M C Martin. N B
Miss 8 A Martin, N B
Miss M R Martin, N B
Mrs J May-Held, Texas
J H Shaw. Cincinnati
W G McClellan. Phila
J E Upson, Cleveland
Mrs. Upson, Cleveland
F Askew, Kansas City
F Foley, Cal
8 A D Pulls, Portland
W Johnson. Mare Isld
A F Waterhouse, Cal
Mrs Waterhouse, Cal
A A Barber, Gr Rapids
Q W Luce. Los Angeles
W EGerber, Sacto
Mrs Gerber, Sacto
Mlsb Gerber. Sacto '-. -
T P Marceau, Los Ang
H F Mason, Boston
Mrs B Mayo, Boston
E Mayo. Boston
B W Mclntosh, N V
H Koehler Jr, St Lcrals
J B Curry & w. If V
JW Reynolds &w,* USA
T Goldsmith. Los Ang
W C Wyman. Mass ,
it R Salabury, Chicago
Miss F WBeatty. Pa
H H Wlngus.Pa -- v
Theo Coe. Pa
Miss Coe, Pa? - .
O L Duval. Parts
J DBlcknell, Los An*
F J Bicknell, Los Ang
F H Boddreay, Cal
NEW WESTERN • HOTEL.
AW Bmith. Texas
R T Johnson,: Ohio
Mrs R T Johnson, Ohio
V? H Edwards, Oregon
Ft H Boyd, : Fresno : •
C Wilson, : San Jose '?•-.
J Thomas, Stockton
F H Morrell, Vallejo
J Kins, ¦ San Jom
1R Skirkes, Cal-
X Broe, Chicago
!o N Maltby. Oregon
J E Hall. Stockton
Dr C H Ball, Chicago
EB Tilton. Illinois .
A J Anderson, Benicia
W Chlnn, Chicago •
R, Cadogan, Chicago
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Campbell Ford. 35, 1345 Powell street, and
Sophia Johnston, 19. « August street.
William H. Gates, 23, city, and Mary A. Jen-
nings, 20, city. ,
Joseph C. Richards. 22. 1224 Mission street,
and Sadie A. O'Brien. 22, 2414 Ism street.
Charles E. Raoul-Duval, SO, Paris, France,
and Beatrice Tobin, 2, city.
A-lol; he A. Schelgnon. 38, 1120 Butter street,
and Helene Martlnon. 27. 1277 Eddy street.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Eight.
The article by Dr. Joseph
ine Eltzholtz on the bubonic
plague of India, published in
the Sunday Call Magazine of
last Sunday, was received
with such interest that The
Call takes pleasure in an
nouncing another paper by. the
same author. This will appear
in next Sunday's Call and will
be upon the famine in India,
well illustrated by splendid
photographs taken from the
doctor's priVate collection.
EDI-T. 1631—3 rooms and bath: partly furnished
or unfurnished: reasonable.
EL.' .IS. SIS — EJesantly furnished front and back
parlor: also single room.
rOLSOM. SSS, comer Sixth (The Oliver) — Sunny
furnished rooms; euites or single; new mgmt.
FRANKLIN, 21 (Newport>— N'icely furnished
Ncmi; suite or single : also housekeeping.
GEARY. 406 (Toe Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, suites or single: travelers accom.
GIRARD HOUSE. IS2 Seventh— Pleasant sunny
rejens; ciay or week; moderate rates.
HANCOCK House, TH Mission— Select family
rc-croirg house; {1 50 to ti per week.
HOWARD, 819— Rooms from $1 week up to $6;
25c to $1 nisht.
JEPPTE. 433, near the Mint— For two, $7; ' also
Firsle rooms.
MINNA, 6C7. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay window room, $1 per week; transient.
yoE. 153—2 eunny bay-window rooms: upper
corner flat; gas rtove; grate; bath: $14.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furaosced rooms and
of9cee; elevator: electric lights: day. wt, mo.
POLK. 1217 — Sunny housekeeping rooms, 2. 3
or 4; connecting; $10. $12. $15; also handsome
ruite.
POST, 229— Elegant transient rooms for tour-
lets; all conveniences; traveling men; elevator.
PCRTLU 121— Light, cle&n, comfortable rma,;
suttee or einglc: running water; gas; reas.
BOTAL House. Iti Ellis st.— lncandescent light.
reading room, smoking rocm and ladies' par-
Icr; rooms, per sight, 86c to $1 60; week. $2 to
tt; month, $S to $20; elevator on office floor;
rocms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSTUALE House, i'J St l~\ Ellis St.— Rooms,
nlgfct. 26c to $1: week. $1 28 to $4; open night.
CAN ANTONIO, 21 Taylor, near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator: new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
teat baths: auitm and single rooms.
EHKRMA.N" Apartment Home, 2S Eighth at,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH, 3023. near Mission— Front room,
nicely furnished; bath and phone.
THE HOWARD HOUSE. £49 Howard et.— Nice
tingle rooms. Tic week up; double, $1 25.
£T. PETER'S House. 706 California— Changed
bands; cicely rumUned rooms; also house-
keeping rooms.
ARRIVED,
Friday. March w-
Strar Corona. Qlelow. n hours from Ban
IMeeo, etc.
Stmr Noyo, Hansen. 18 hour* from Fort
£:mr Grace. Dollar. Toaen, 71 hoars from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen. 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randell. 60 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 48V4 hours.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, -13 hoars from Coo*
Bay
Br stmr Benmohr. Wallace. I days 7 hour*
from Oyster Harbor.
Ship Occidental, Bennett. 18 day« from Br
attle. -
Tag Samson. Stream. 93 hours from Astoria,
with bante Wahklakum In tow.
Bargv Wahklakum, Sonerul, 83 hours from
Astoria.
Schr James A Garfleld. l«wls, U days from
Wlllaca Harbor. •
CLEARED.
¦'. ¦¦-:.¦.'--. Friday. March I*.
Stmr Queen, Jensen, Victoria, etc; GoodaJl,
Perkins * Co. -.•.-;
Stmr Mlneola. David. Nanaliao: P I Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. San Pedro; Ooodall.
Perkins & Co.
Bark Kate Davenport. Merriman. Princ«
William Sound; Alaska Packers" Association.
Brig J D Spreckels. Rookes, Guam; Wesuro
Commercial Co.
SAILED.
»•, ; Friday. March ML
Stmr Lagnna. Stark, Usal.
Stmr Newbur*. Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Etmr Alcatraz. Carlson. - — .
Br stmr Robert Adamson. Morgan, Namttrrw
Ship Shenandoah, Harvey. Sydney.
Brig John D SpreckeU. Rookes. Guam.
Schr Lausa Pike. Johnson. Eureka.
Schr Reliance, Johnson, . *_ .T'J-Jll'
Schr Archie and Fontle. Skipper, Ftsks Mill.
Schr Daisy Rowe. Nyman. Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 16. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 14 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS
LONDOX, March 16— Bark Kalulanl. fronx
New York, for San Francisco, was spoken la
lat 35 N. lon 61 W, March 6. with loss of fqre
and main topgallant mast, ami Is returning to
New York.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrtred March IS— Bieta
Skajrtt, from Honolulu.
COOS BAY— Arrived March 15— Stmr Arcata.
hence March 13.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived March 15— 3chr C
T Hill, from Hilo.
Sailed March 13— Schr Chas R Wilson, for
Honolulu.
NEWPORT— Arrived March IS— Stmr Sequoia,
from Fort Bragg.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed March 15— Ital war stmr
Calabria, for San Francisco: Br stmr Carmar
thenshire for San Francisco; Br stmr Car
lisle City, for Yokohama.
ASTORlA— Arrived March 16— Stmr State of
California, hence March 14: Br bark Klnfanna.
for Queenstown.
CRESCENT ClTY— Balled March 18— Stmr
Crescent City, for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived March 16— Stmr News
boy; hence March 14.
Sailed March 16— Stmr Newsboy, for Saa
Francisco.
PUGET SOTTNIV- Arrlred about ilarch 12—
Ger shia Caesarea. from Honolulu.
USAL— Arrived March IS— Schr Barbara 80%
ster. hence March 14. .
TACOM A— Arrived March 18— Sehr Deflano*
from Port Townsend.
Sailed March 16— Schr H C Wright, for Han*.
March 15— Ship Charmer, for Honolulu.
EUREKA— Arrived March 15— Stmr Ruth. hn«
March 14; stmr Brunswick, hence March 14.
March M — Stmr Orizaba, hence March 15: «chr
Nettie Sundbonr. hence March 8.
Sailed March IS— Stmr Homer, for Fan Fran
cisco; stmr Westoort. for ; stmr Aberdeen.
for Ban Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 15— Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived March ,14— Br stmr Athoa,
from New York.
Sailed March 14— Stmr Finance, for New
York.
DEAL— Passed March 14— Br bark Duareggan.
from London; for Seattle.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Fet> 14— Br ship Jasso
mene. for San Francisco.
CARDIFF— SaiIed March 15-Br shli> Arden
eralg. for Santa Rosalia.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed March 13— Oer ship N»-
Jade. for Oregon.
ORlMSBY— Arrived March 15— Br «alp Dyao
mene. hence Oct 1. -
MAZATLAN— SaiIed March 14— «tmr Colon.
for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed March IS— Schr
Honolpn. for Honolpu.
OYSTER BAY— Arrived about March 10— Br
stmr Hera, from Hlogo.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QXJEXNSTOWN— Arrived March 18— Stmr La
eanla, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro-
NEW YORK— Arrived March 1»-Stmr Patri
cia, from Hamburg, etc.
Balled March 16— Stmr L Aqu'.talne, for Havre
»and Bremen, via Southampton. , -
ROTTERDAM — Sailed March It — Btmr
Spaarndam. for New York. ._
QUEENSLAND — Arrived March 18 — Stmr
Pennland. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool
AUCKLAND— vArrived March IS— Stmr Ala
meda. from San Francisco, for Sydney. NSW.
HAVRE— Arrived March IS— Stmr La Ch*a»
pagne, from New York.
OAKLAND FCHMTI'RE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellbaas, the
GRAND HOTEL.
C H Lltchfleld. Cal
J A Mlgliavacca, Napa
W H Nichols, Cal
Mrs W H Nichols, Cal
M E Corbett, Oshkosh
H Graner, Winters
T T Emmons, Cal
R P Skinner, Cal
J D Smith, Danville
N S Farley. Oakland
W G Cope. Oakland
R H Simpson, Toronto
T D Witt, St Louis
J W Astley, B C
C S Wynn. N V
J M Wilson, Seattle
JV T Alken. Sta Ana
Mrs F Laßock. Seattle
C C Bush Jr, Redding
S Berry, Leadvllle
C Wats, Ohio
J Weil, Sanger
Mrs S Page. Chicago
E A Whitford, Minn
H L Platte, Wls
C E Arthur, Spokane
W H Daniels. Chicago
E L Emery, Wyoming
L M Brehany, Chicago
H S Thearle. Cal
Olga Schmoll, Cal
Jessie Munroe. Cal
Mrs J Andrews, Sacto
Miss L Anderson. N V
G H Anderson. N V
Dr C E Lum, Duluth
Mrs C E Lum. Duluth i
I M Thomas, Rio Vista I
Miss Lacy, NY I
Mrs D P Gladding, NY
C E Mols. Mont
A C Fraser, Canada
F Askew. Mo
P Kehl. Los Ang
W M Hewitt, Minn
15 F Chaboya, in
Mrs B F Chaboya, 111
G B Willard. Mich
Mrs G B Willard. "Mich
H J Scott, Victoria
G Newton, Denver
Mrs G Newton, Colo
J Jack, Salt Lake
Mrs J Jack, Salt Lake
E M Wright. Berkeley
F Davidson, Cal
Mrs F Davidson, Cal
H B Cole, Oregon .
C E Gillis. Belmont
Mrs Morris, San Jose
Miss Morris. San Jose
T B Rhoades, N V
J H Glide Jr. Sacto
\V Arthur, Boston
W M Cope. Danville
G R Kennedy, Chico
D C Dv Bois, N V
Mrs D C Dv Bois. NY
L E Schoemaker. Cal
W L Davis, Cal
B B Bell, Chicago
O W Reynolds, Cal
J Evans, Cal
Mrs J Evans, Cal
W E Hoagg, N Dak
J Goldman, Merced
C M Finch, St Louis
H Warthan, Chicago
J B Hoyt. Cal
J J Fenge, N V
M E MeGrath, Denver
T J Stephenson, Cal
J Rennle, Nabarra
T Fltzglbbon. Spokane
C W Burdette. Chicago
Mrs C W Burdette, 111
J B Kehl, Wls
W L Stoddard, Cal
TO SAIL.
street. 450 N of Garfleld. N 100 by W 100. lots
27 to 30, block 22, City Land Association;- $lO.
John Pforr to Melchlor Hef tl. lot 42. block
6 Garden Tract Homestead Addition; $10.
''San Francisco Savings Union to George &
Blanche O Buckingham, re-record IS4B d 19S,
lot on W line of Chenery street, 85 S of Thir
tieth S 29 by W 70, block 28, Falrmount; $1100.
Alameda County.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Eliza
A Eastman lot 295 in plat 14. Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland Township; $124.
Louis and Louise Bontel to Ellen Wilson, lot
on E line of Sixth street, 246:2 N of Delaware.
N 50 by B 120, being lot 22, block 65, tract B,
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso
ciation, Berkeley: $300.
Frederick W. Cousins to Anna A. Cousins.
lot on S line of San Antonio avenue, 150 W
of Willow street, W 50 by S 150, being lot 18
in E half of block M, lands adjacent to En
clnal, Alameda; sift.
Mary Powers to Michael P. Powers, lot on
NE corner of Twenty-eighth and Poplar streets.
E 53 by N 100,- being portion of lot 1. block I,
lands Peralta Homestead Association. Oak-
Mac E. and George F. Hardy to Karl H.
Nickel, lot on S line of Campbell avenue or
Thirtieth street, 163.10 E of San Pablo avenue.
E 10 by S 95. being portion of lots 1 and 24.
block B. Brockhurst and Whltcher Tract. Oak-
a °ra' and Charlotte A. Vaugban to Bertha A.
Haskell, lot on E line of Chester street, 53 S
of West Twelfth, S 27:6 by E 125. being portion
of lots g and 9, block 557, map of Chester and
Center streets lots. Oakland; $2200.
Same to Elmer P. Vaughan, lot on SW cor
ner of Peralta and Taylor streets. 8 50 by W
100 being lot 7 and N 20 feet of .lot 6, map of
Survey No. 1166 of block 638, Oakland: $10.
Same to Jesse H. Taylor, lot on E line of
Chester street. 80:« S of West Twelfth. S 27:6
by E 125, being lot 7 and portion of lot 8, block
657. Oakland: $10.
The E. P. Vandercook Company (corporation)
to Vivian P. Vandercook (wife of E. P.). re
reoord 673 D. 445. lot on NE corner of West
Eighth and Chester streets, E 27:6 by N 100,
block 553. Oakland: $10.
C. D. Vincent to City of Oakland, lot "N 741"
on map showing lands taken for opening Com
merce street, from East Twelfth to East
Twenty-second, East Oakland, to be used for
public street (quitclaim deed); $150.
Duncan Hayne to came. lot "2739," same for
same (quitclaim deed) ; $10.
W I Reed to game, lot "2,763," same for
same (qultcltam deed); $125. j
C. D. Vincent to same, lot "L 2739," same for
same (quitclaim, deed): $125.
• T. B. and Annie E. Draper to C. E. Harasrthy
anJ J. G. Norton, lot on S line of Villa street,
892:6 W of San Pablo avenue. W 37:6. S 102.72.
E 37:6, N 103.98 to beginning, being lot 40 and
W half of lot 36, block 6, revised map of San
Pablo avenue Villa Tract, Oakland Township;
$10. ' «
Builders' Contracts.
Alice Phelan Sullivan (owner), by F. J. Sul
livan attorney, with Henry Jacks (contractor),
architect Charles J. I. Devlin— Carpentry, Join
ery, Iron, brick, granite, mosaic, illuminating
tile,' electric and elevator work for alterations
and' : additions to two-story brick building on
S line of Butter street, 190 E of Grant avenue,
E 85 by S 137:6; $6745. -
Theresa and Herman Asher (owners) with
William Helblng (contractor), architects Sal
field & Kohlberg— All work for a three-6tory
frame building on W line of Franklin street,
112-6 N of Ellis. N. 25 by W 87:8; $7500.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1253 Pc?k i=t. : or*n till t v. m.
$2750, REDUCED from $3500, to clean up an
estate; house, 7 rooms, bath, modern in all
appointments; barn and outbuildings; in the
best residence position; lot 50x120; flowers,
lawn. etc. ; convenient to business center,
cars, etc; $500 cash, balance bank mortgage.
J. S. MYER3.
1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
$000 CASH.
Seven-room houae;'bath, pantry, china closet,
etc.; in best residence portion; sunny, large
lot; driveway: between 2 car lines; close to
business center, schools, etc; must be sold this
week; balance bank mortgage.
J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
TO ARRIVE.
MOSS. IX. off Howard, near Seventh— 2 or Z
rooms fwnlehed complete for housekeeping.
Time— U, :26; V 4. :Wtt; X. 1:16; mile, 1:42. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
T. . G. Ferguson's eh. g., by Tammany-Beaucatcher. Limerick outgamed Florabird. Decoy
lacks courase. : _¦_ ''- — ._, •-- — -.
O. G. MAY &. CO. offer these new modern
Berkele-- homes for eale.
$2800- 6 rooms -d bath. "
$3250—7 rooms and bath.'
$3500—8 rooms and bath.
13700 — 9 rooms and bath.
$4250—9 rooms and bath.
All with street work done; also cottages
from $1000 upward; see our fine building sites.
O. G. MAY & CO., opp. High School. Berke-
ley Station.
043. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds; purse. $400.
HYDE, 4CS — gunny front suite, ground floor;
yard. siiA; for housekeeping; sep. entrance.
LEAVENWORTH. 225— Large eunny corner
bay-window mom for housekeeping; American
family; adults.
FIFTH. 34S— Two rooms furnished for house-
keeping; cheap rent.
WE need money bad, therefore offer to sell at
a sacrifice a pretty 6-room cottage with bath,
pantry, china closet, folding doors, brick
foundation, stationary tubs, 8-foot basement:
2 bay windows; nice mantel; hot and cold
water, with 4000-gallon tank; well 80 ft. deep;
lot 40x135; chicken houses, etc.; price $1600;
will arranre terms to suit: close to station.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin Station,
ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL bargain— Must be sold at once; house
6 rooms; bath, pantry: lot 40x100; 8 blocks
from Berkeley Station; 2 blocks from electric
cars: only $1100; terms to suit. Take Berkeley
train, get off at Lorin Station, ask for RU-
DOLPH & PERKINS.
&41. FIRST RACE— Four furloncs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
parlors o^tbe Native Sons' of George Wash-
ington Hall, Seventeenth street, between Va-
lencia and Guerrero, > where services will be
held at 1:30 o'clock, thence by electric car,
corner Eighteenth and Guerrero streets, to
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BAKER— In this city, March 16, 1900, James
M.. beloved husband of Carrie A. Baker,
brother of William J. Baker, and nephew of
Joseph St. Clair, a native of Cass County,
Indiana, aged 32 years 6 months and 12 days.
BEHRE— In this city, March 15. 1900. Caasle,
beloved infant daughter of Charles H. and
Mary Behre. and sister of Robert L.. Lizzie
M., Charles F.. Mary F., Marguerite and
Frances Behre, a native of San • Francisco,
aged 8 months and 6 days.
£y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 3206 Sixteenth street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BLAIR— At the College of Notre Dame, In this
city, March 15, 1900, at 6:30 p. m.. In the
sixty-eighth year of her age. Sister Mary Ann
Blair, beloved sister of Miss Annie L. Mc-
Anulty of New York City. (New York papers
please copy.) . .
E7The holy sacrifice of the mass will be
offered for the repose of the soul of the dear
departed in the convent chapel at 8 o'clock
this day (Saturday). Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BUNTING— In this city. March 16. 1900. Alex-
ander J. Bunting, beloved father of Charles
.A.. Frank O. and Edward R. Bunting and
Mrs. Katie Hazelton, a native of Ohio, aged
67 years.
Cir Remains at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason street,
between Geary and O'Farrell.
BUSHMAN— In this city, March 15. 1900. at St.
Mary's Hospital. Johanna, beloved wife of
William Bushman, and sister of Mathew
Teahan, a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Brendan's
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. - '
CARTY— In Sulsun. March IS, 1900. Nellie, be-
loved daughter of Michael and Mary Carty,
mother of Charles Brown, and sister of James
and Michael Carty, Sister Mary Anthony of
Berkeley, Mrs. L. Peterson and Mrs. XV.
Bartman, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years.
CLARK— In this city, March 16, 1900, Jane
Clark, beloved wife of Robert L. Clark, and
mother of Robert L. Jr. and Fred XV. Clark,
Mrs. H. L. Stewart, Mrs. W. G. Loveland.
Mrs. J. E. Shand and the late Joseph C.
Clark, a native of Alnwick, Northumberland
County, England, aged 61 years 5 months and
21 days.
CyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 12:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 819 Green-
wich street. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
CONDON— In this city. 'March 16. 1900, at her
residence, 9 Boston place, Ellen Condon, be-
loved sister of Mrs. Kate Christmas, Mrs.
Mary Ray and Patrick Condon of Navarro,
Mendoclno County, Cal., a native of Mltchels-
town. County Cork, Ireland.
DEADY— In this city, March 16, 1900, Mary E..
dearly beloved daughter of Edward and the
late Abigail Deady, and sister of John M.
Deady, a native of Lisbon, Placer County,
Cal., aged 39 years.
C^Friends of the family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late residence,
578 Hayes street, between Gough and Octavla,
thence to Sacred Heart Church. Fell and
Fillmore streets, where a requiem high mass
1 will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock sharp. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DUNN— In the City and . County Hospital.
March 16, 1900, James Dunn, a native of Ohio,
aced 37 years.
GEIB— In this city. March 15, 1900. Christine,
dearly beloved wife of the late John Geib,
mother of Edward H., Daniel G., John F. and
David H. Gelb. and sister of Mrs. K. Hlm-
melmann. Mrs. L. Knack and Mrs. J. Welch-
art, a native of Germany, aged 59 years 3
months and 1 day.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock', from her late resi-
dence. 709 Treat avenue, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first streets. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
GlBBS— Entered Into rest at Coronado. Cal.,
March 14. 1900. C. S. V.. beloved husband of
Harriet E. Glbbs. and father of William C.
and Harry T. Gibbs, Mrs. John Stafford and
Mrs. XV. G. Holcombe, a native of Newport,
R. 1., aged 75 years and 10 months.
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at 12:43
o'clock, from Trinity Church. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
HANCOCK— In Oakland, March 16, 1900, en-
tered into rest, Mrs. Martha A. Hancock,
widow of the late Joslah B. Hancock, and
mother of Mrs.' Martha Prescott and Mrs.
Marietta Kingsbury, a native of Medford,
Mass., aged S3 years and 6 months.
KYNE— In Butte City. Mont.. March 16, 1900,
Patrick, beloved husband of Lizzie Kyne, and
brother of John and Mary Kyne, a native of
Headford, County Galway, Ireland.
McCANN— In this city, March 16. 1900, Katie,
beloved wife of John McCann. daughter of
Luke and Julia Concannon. and sister of
Mrs. D. Lally, a native of Alameda, Cal.,
aged 28 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1599 Market street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 11 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MITCHELL— In this city. March 16, 1900, Mar-
garet, dearly beloved daughter of Mary and
the late John Mitchell, and sister of Peter,
John. Frank J. and Honor Mitchell. Mrs.
Mary Fahrenholz and Mrs. Jeannette Wood.
O'DAY— Entered into rest, March 14, 1900, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
O'Day, and father of Mrs. James Dunning
and Katie. Maggie and Willie O'Day, a na-
tive of County Galway, Ireland, aged 66
years.
EX Friends and acquaintances and officers
and members of Franklin Lodge No. 44, A.
O. U. W., are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 7:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 1236 Harrison
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery, j
PARKER— In this city. March 15, 1900, Johanna
Parker, beloved -wife of Robert W. Parker
a native of Ireland, aged 55 years. (Boston
papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 72SA Filbert street, between Powell
and Mason, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a high requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 10:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
POWERS— In this city.' March 15, 1900, Ellen
beloved wife of Daniel Powers, and mother of
Tessie, Maggie, Agnes and Daniel T. Powers
Mrs. James E. Clisham and Mrs. George
Ernst, a native of Dungarvin, County Water-
ford. Ireland, aged 09 years. (Cambridge
Mass.. Chronicle please copy.*)
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 6 Lexington avenue, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth, Mission and Valencia
streets, thence to Mission Dolores Church
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
POSTEL— In this city. March 14. 1900. August
D.. dearly beloved husband of Tillle Postel
and father of George, Llllie, Fred, Gust and
Willie Postel. a native of San Francisco, aged
88 years. A member of Longshore Lumber-
men's Protective Association.
C7 Friends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeraj to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'olock. from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street
between Third and Fourth. Interment Laurel
ROWNTRED-In Berkeley, March 16. 1900
Sarah S. Rowntree. widow of W. A. Rown-
tree. and beloved mother of Mrs. C. C Hall
Mrs. W. A. Perry. Mrs. A. M. Locke and
W. A. Rowntree, a native of Tompklns
County, New York.
SCHULTZ— In this city. March 16. 1300 Henri-
etta Schult*. wife of the late John Schultz.
and beloved mother of Frank and Charlei
Schultr, Mrs. C. J. Gambill, Mrs. M. EGnty
• and William and Annie Schultz, a native of
Germany, aged 70 years and 1 day:
STEIN-In this city. March 16. 1900. Aaron
Stein, beloved husband of Clara D Stein,
aged 65 years. T~7
(C7Funeral, to-morrow (Sunday), at 2-80
- o'clock, from his late residence, 1816 Larkln
street. Interment Laurel HIU Cemetery
Please omit flowers. - -
TUCKEY-^ln this city. March 16. 1900. Ruth
Gladys Tuckey. dearly beloved and only
daughter of Bertram and Gladys Josephine
Tuckey, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
THE CALL'S RAGING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900, by : H. H. Egbert.)
TANFORAN PARK, Friday, March 16, 1300.— Weather fine. Track fast,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 17, 1900.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
JiFw J E Sn *P" bargain; must sell this
T.T..V ? a . CI ? S Vel 7 rtch *« of highly culti-
vated level loam in crop; not an inch of
uaste; fenced; 110 bearing fruit trees; resi-
cn!y' < r*o0 m' 2 WeUS * etC '' IVi XnllM iTOm Clty:
I J*' D SICKELS— the LAND AGENT.
10 Geary st.. opp Chronicle building. S. F.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Euocessors to Flanpagan & Gallagher),*
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School. • -
Xelepaons South. 'W.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1400-CORNER lot: Santa Clara aye,; 60x150;
near Morton-st. station.
$1600— Fine lot; 60x150; Paru Et., near . the
bay; bargain. •
$1000— Elegant let. west side of Lafayette St..
sear San Antonio aye. ; snap.
J32oo— New modern 8-room house: Alameda
avenue, near Lafayette et. : large lot.
!3500— New Colonial. 7-room cottage: Grand
«t.. near Alameda aye.; easy installments:
large let: snap.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda: all the
. above can be bought on easy terms.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
JUST finishing modern 2-story 7-room house;
call and Inspect this week at 2106 Buena Vista
aye.; price $2650; terms; $4250 will build new
house of 9 rooms: lot 50x150; San Antonio
aye.; terms. J. H. YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. MARCH 17.
dcKivlLci AUVtKllotMmMo
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last ' or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United Spates Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
944. FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; -uree, $400.
045. FIFTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
J»l»i. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Time— H, :12H: 9s. =36%: %. 1:01%; %, 1:27%. Good start. Won easily, second and third
driving. Winner, D. Cameron & Co.'s b. c, by Portland-Clara, Everything, even the start.
was made pleasant for winner. Knot cut off soon after start. Sly could not last.
FOR sale in Oakland"— J blocks from Adeline
station. In best residence neighborhood: large
modern house; every convenience; lot IOOxISS
or 60x132, as desired; cheap to close estate:
terms If desired. HERON & HOLCOMB. 1060
Broadway. Oakland; Crocker building, S. F.
$4500 WILL buy new modern house. 11 rooms;
fine improvements; large stable. 1520 Eighth
aye., Oakland; keys next door south.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to I}lB Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
FOR rent — Modem 7-room upper flat: $15. B.
H. WELCH i. CO.. 1383 Fifth aye.. East Oak-
land.
OAKUM) ROOMS.
SUNNY rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
ing: J4 up. Hotel Shasta. 122S Broadway.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— Wlttram Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal place of business.
226 Market St.. San Francisco. ' - •
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting cf
the Board of Directors, held on the 9th day of
March. 1900. an assessment (No. ?) of three
(3) cents per share was levied upon the capi-
tal stock of the corporation, payable imme-
diately In United States gold coin to the sec-
retary at the office of the company at the'
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 11th Jay of April, 1900,
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless fJayment is made
before, will be sold on the 2Sth day of April.
ISOO, to pay the delinquent assessment, to-
gether with co*te of advertising and expenses
of Eale. By order of the Board of Directors.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secretary.
226 Market st.
DIVIDEMJ NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 77 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company. No. 327 Market st., on and
after Tuesday, March 20, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Wednesday. March 14. 1900, at
3 p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE of sale of personal property — Notice
is hereby given, that pureuant to an order of
the Superior Court ol the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, in the
matter of the estate of CATHARINA ROT-
ENKOLBER, deceased, the undersigned, the
administrator of the estate of said deceased,
will sell at private sale to the highest bid-
der for cash, on and after March 20th. 1900,
at the office of Geo. D. Shadbume, 616 Sacra-
mento street, said city and county, where
bids for .said property will be received, all
that certain personal property, to wlti: 10
shares of the capital stock of Kohler A
Chaw?. • This March 13. 1900. GEORGE ROT-
ENKOLBER, Administrator of the Estate of
Catharina Rotenkolber. deceased.
11
Time— l-16, :07U: 6-16. :33; 9-16. :57%; 13-16, 1:23U; mile, 1:41»4; 1 l-16m. 1:43!4. Good start.
Won easily, second and third driving. Winner, E. Corrigan's eh. m., by Rlley-Modesty.
Daisy was good. Scotch Plaid was not. Morlnel has trained off.
Time— U. :27; H. :»2; 94, 1:17; mile, 1:43. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving.
Winner. E. J. Baldwin's eh. m., by Amlgo-Rosebud. Only a romp for the winner. Tallac
almost put over fence at first turn.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT RED BLUFF.
March 4.
March 5
March 6
March 7
March 8. •
March 9 .'
March 10
DATE.
Second Feet.
1899. 1900.
Ti »!
7.3 10.2
T.I 11.0
7.0 15.7
6.» 19.0
6.7 20.3
6.6 16.4
STANISLAUS RIVER AT
OAKDALE.
DATE.
I Second
1599.
I Feet.
i _ ,
1900.
March 4.
March 6
March 6.
March 7
March 8...,
March 9
March 10
6.0
6.0
4.S
4.S
4.7
4.3
5.0
6.8
7.8
6.8
6.4
6.6
6.8
6.3
TUOLUMNE R!
SAT LA GRA
GE.
Second Feet.
1899. 1900.
fngCo.
)itch &
Purlock
Canal.
DATB.
March 4.
March 5
March 6...... .'...
March 7
March «...
March 9
March 10
4.9
4.9
4.9
6.1
5.1
6.3
6.2
6.0
5.9
5.S
6.S
5.9
5.9
6.0
12
12
12
12
12
12
12
SAN JuAQTJIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
DATS.
I Second
1599.
I Feet.
1900.
March 4.7
March 5
March 6
March 7
March i..
March 9
March 10
J. 23
3.25
3.25
3.23
3.25
1.41
5.42
3.C
4.9
3.6
3.U
3.10
t.lO
S.lu
KINGS RIVER AT RED
[OUNT.
IN.
:•
Beconc
I Feet.
t
1900.
DATE.
I S3*.
March 4
March S
March (
March 7
March 8.
March 9........ i
March 10....
4.9
4.9
5.0
5.0
5.1
5.1
6.1
6.9
«.l
6.7
5.5
5. a
5.4
6.7
<Un- rises 8:13
iun sets 8:13
itoon rlsea ..„ 7:49 p. m.
3 Time Time Time Time
5 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
?HW I, TV HW L.W
17 ... 0:00 5.2 6:02 1.0 12:38 4.8 5:55 " 1.7
13 ... 0:22 5.2 6:33 0.8 1:20 4.6 6:35 S.)
19 ... 0:46 5.2 7:12 0.6 2:09 4.4 6:53 2.4
!0 ... 1:12 6.3 7:56 0.5 3:03 4.1 7:33 3.8
!1 ... 1:45 6.3 8:46 0.5 4:04 4.0 8:27 S.O
!2 ... 2:26 5.2j 9:4t 0.5 5:11 4.0 9:33 S.t
!3 ... X:2O S.lf 10:471 0.4 6:16 4.1; 10:35 3.2
Steamer.
I
From.
1 Due.
National City.. Qrays Harbor...... Mar. 17
Crescent City.. Crescent City ...... Mar. 17
Homer Portland Mar. 17
Aberdeen Humboldt — Mar. 17
Orizaba Humb01dt.......— ....... Mar. 13
Bonlta Newport.. Mar. IS
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 1)
Mackinaw Seattle -. ... Mar. 18
Crescent City.. Crescent City .._ Mar. IS
Carm'th'nshire China and Japaa......... Mar. 13
Arcata Coos Bay -_ Mar. 13
8. Portland Oyster Harbor ~_. Mar. 19
Czarina Puget Sound .... Mar. 19
North Fork Humboldt _ Mar. 20
Pomona San Dieg0.. .............. Mar. SO
Stats California Pcrtland. Mar. 21
Colon Panama Mar. II
Coos Bay Newport _.... Mar. 23
Point Arena.... Point Arena........ Mar. 22
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Mar. 22
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 23
Hongk'ng Maru China and Japan Mar. S3
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 23
Corona San Diego Mar. 24
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. II
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Mar. 23
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
Coos Bay... Newport | Mar. IT. » am] Pier 11
Queen Vtc * Pgt Sd. Mar. J7, 11) amjPler »
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena. .l Mar. 17. 1 pm'Pler *
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor [Mar. IT. 5 pm1. ........
Aloha Crescent City. I Mar. 17. 10 am [Pl«r t
Corona ?;..ISan Dle*o iMar. H, UamPlerll
Samoa jHumboMt Mar. IS. 10 am Pier 13
O. W. Elder Portland Mar. 19. Warn Pier U
Newport ... Panama Mar. 19. 11 m PM39
Bonlta Newport Mar. 10. 9am Pier 11
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. Mar. 20. 10 am Pier 20
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 20. 10 am Pier 13
Orizaba .... Humboldt Mar. 20. 2pm Pier »
Mariposa ..Sydney Mar. 21. Bpm Pier T
Pomona San Dieso Mar. 23. 11 am Pier 11
Walla Wall Vie & Pet Sd. Mar. 22. li> am Pier »
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 23. 12 m Pier 1
Gaelic China* Japan Mar. 23. Ipm PMSS
State of Cal Portland .. Mar. 24. 10 am Pier 2t
Weight. [St.
Fin.
!
Jockey*.
letting.
p. Cl.
Index.
Horse.
%m.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
9U Salceto 1H 9
929 Gaylon 8r0wn....... 115 2
864 Belzeebub 114 4
826 Maldonado 11l 6
933 Briton '. 11l 1
899 Socapa 1U 10
894 Parsifal ...11l 8
929 Loyal S 108 14
8»4 Follow Me.... 114 7
776 Woeful .111 3 :
844 Impromptu 118 12
... Phil Archibald US 13
779 Carlontan 11l 11
899 Forbes 1U 5 ,
...Malapert... 118|15
! ...
'43
12
2 1
3 2
8*
7 1
9 4.
10
11 M
«H
13 2 /
14
5 2
11 2
15
• ¦• 1 IV4 Alexander —
2 h H. Shields
3 h Morgan
4 V 4* Henry •••
62' Shaw
6 % Thorpe
7 !2! 2 Bassinger ....
8 x .x Heinson
9 Bozt-inan
10 I. Powell
11 E. ftoss..
12 Macklin
13 Plggott
14 • Hennessey ....
15 Glover .-•• —
5
6
4
•
10
6
15
15
10
30
3
6
4 ;
12
60
S
15
4
*
30
7
20
12
50
4
30
. 7-2
40
100
index. Horse. Age. Weight. |
923 Momentum,' 5...... .116
919 Esptrando. 5 .113
798 Maxello, 6 113
923 Jingle Jingle, 4 10S
J>23 Gauntlet, 4 ..113
£79 Raclvan. 4 ...110
923 Vloris, 4 108
9W Gold Baron, 4 110
$23 Montallade, a 113
S3B Jael. 5 HI
807 Sallle Goodwin. 6... 11 l
834 Genua. 4 108
BSS High Hoe. 5 ..11l
ISt. %m.
4 . ...
8
7
5
ia . ...
3
2 • ...
S£ :::
10
1
11 - ...
L#ft ...
6 1
3 14
BVi
41
10%
6 h
1 h
11 1
12
7 i
9 M
2 h
%m.
3%
1 1
5 h
2 h
- 4 X
12
SS
10 1
11 2
9 2
8 2
%m.
Str.
Str.
Fin. | Jockeys.
IVz Piggott
2 1 I. Powell.
3 n Henry
4 1 Morgan .......
5Va Thorpe
6Vs Shaw
7 1 E. Ross
8 3 Bassinger
9 1 H. Shields
. 10 U Daly
11 " Bozeman
12 J. Martin.
[Glover ........
Fin.
Jockeys.
5-2 11-5
10 13
8 15
7 15
5 $
3 8-2
< JO
15 40
6 20
30 60
16 40
8 15
6 4
>«L
;ndex. Hone. Welght.|St. V£m. \vn. Str. Fin. | Jockeyg. |Op. Cl.
(919) Limerick 107 7 lh lh 2 2 2 2V4 lh Thorpe 2 11-5
933 Florabird 110 2 51 SI . In ' In - 24 Henry .. 2 S-5
917 Decoy 112 6 62 42 32 32 31 PigßOtt V 8-5 2
933 Expedient 107 5 7 7 4 1 4144 Macklin 20' 80
$39 March Seven 103 4 4h 6h 62 6 % 5 1 H. Stuart...... 100 ISO
907 Burdock 106 1 3h 32 5^64 66 1. Powell 20 60
928 Formatus 105 3' 2 h 6 1 7 7 7 Bozeman 40 100
ndji. Horße. Age. Weight. [St. %m. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. [Op.
... La Goleta. 5 112 5 m 11 11 14 16 Henry 1-4
919 Rey Hooker. 4 113 2 2 1 3 1 3H4 2 n 2 2 Macklln 20
871 Letlger, 3 96 6 31 2h 21 32 3 h Ranch 30
857 Croker. 4 117 85% 4h 4ft 4h 42 Shaw 20
932 Formella, 8 112 4 62 5 % 61 62 53 Hennessey .... 20
688 Henry C, 5 117 3 4h "6 2 7 2 71 6b Glover 60
932 Joe Mussle, 6 117 7 72 71 8 • 8 - 7% Basslnger .... 15
92S Tallac. 4 115 1 8 8 6V46J 8 Thorpe 6
Cl
1-
21
ICK
if
' 41
20<
2<
V,
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. %m. Hm. %m.
840 Daisy F, 6.~ 107 4 13 11 11
937 Tappan, 6 106 5 $ 5 4 3
902 Scotch Plaid, 5 106 1 2 2 2 1 2 2
918 Morlnel. 6 104 2 8 1 3 1 3 1
925 Lothian. 4 102 3 4 14 1 6
Str. Fin. | Jockeya. |Qp.
11 12 Henry 1-2
2 h 2 n Thorpe 4
3 4 3 9 J. Martin 3
4 1 4 % E. Ros* 8
6 6 Morgan 15
Cl.
2-3
6
5
20
75
ndex. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. *jm. &m. %a. Str. Fin . 1 Jockeys. |Op. d.
914 Dr. Nembula, 4 105 4 . 3V4 5 2 8 1 12 13 Shaw 4 6
815 Captive, a 113 6 6 H 7 7 7 2ns Glover 30 100
(914) Cormorant. 4 110 7 5 % 6 h 62 81 8h E.Ross 6 9
833 Ely, 6 10S 2 22 22 1H 2% 4% Henry 4 9-2
920 Silver Tone. 4 107 3 43414 4H 61 53 Thorpe 7 15
(837) Hard Knot. 4 110 5 7 3 h 6h 4H 62 Piggott 6-5 4-5
913 Storm King. 6 113 1 In lh 2V, IVt 7 H. Shields.... 5 12
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT RED BLUFF.
March 4.
March 5
March 6
March 7
March 8. •
March 9 .'
March 10
DATE.
Second Feet.
1899. 1900.
Ti »!
7.3 10.2
T.I 11.0
7.0 15.7
6.» 19.0
6.7 20.3
6.6 16.4
STANISLAUS RIVER AT
OAKDALE.
DATE.
I Second
1599.
I Feet.
i _ ,
1900.
March 4.
March 6
March 6.
March 7
March 8...,
March 9
March 10
6.0
6.0
4.S
4.S
4.7
4.3
5.0
6.8
7.8
6.8
6.4
6.6
6.8
6.3
TUOLUMNE R!
SAT LA GRA
GE.
Second Feet.
1899. 1900.
fngCo.
)itch &
Purlock
Canal.
DATB.
March 4.
March 5
March 6...... .'...
March 7
March «...
March 9
March 10
4.9
4.9
4.9
6.1
5.1
6.3
6.2
6.0
5.9
5.S
6.S
5.9
5.9
6.0
12
12
12
12
12
12
12
SAN JuAQTJIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
DATS.
I Second
1599.
I Feet.
1900.
March 4.7
March 5
March 6
March 7
March i..
March 9
March 10
J. 23
3.25
3.25
3.23
3.25
1.41
5.42
3.C
4.9
3.6
3.U
3.10
t.lO
S.lu
KINGS RIVER AT RED
[OUNT.
IN.
:•
Beconc
I Feet.
t
1900.
DATE.
I S3*.
March 4
March S
March (
March 7
March 8.
March 9........ i
March 10....
4.9
4.9
5.0
5.0
5.1
5.1
6.1
6.9
«.l
6.7
5.5
5. a
5.4
6.7
;ndex. Hone. Welght.|St. V£m. \vn. Str. Fin. | Jockeyg. |Op. Cl.
(919) Limerick 107 7 lh lh 2 2 2 2V4 lh Thorpe 2 11-5
933 Florabird 110 2 51 SI . In ' In - 24 Henry .. 2 S-5
917 Decoy 112 6 62 42 32 32 31 PigßOtt V 8-5 2
933 Expedient 107 5 7 7 4 1 4144 Macklin 20' 80
$39 March Seven 103 4 4h 6h 62 6 % 5 1 H. Stuart...... 100 ISO
907 Burdock 106 1 3h 32 5^64 66 1. Powell 20 60
928 Formatus 105 3' 2 h 6 1 7 7 7 Bozeman 40 100
index. Horse. Age. Weight. |
923 Momentum,' 5...... .116
919 Esptrando. 5 .113
798 Maxello, 6 113
923 Jingle Jingle, 4 10S
J>23 Gauntlet, 4 ..113
£79 Raclvan. 4 ...110
923 Vloris, 4 108
9W Gold Baron, 4 110
$23 Montallade, a 113
S3B Jael. 5 HI
807 Sallle Goodwin. 6... 11 l
834 Genua. 4 108
BSS High Hoe. 5 ..11l
ISt. %m.
4 . ...
8
7
5
ia . ...
3
2 • ...
S£ :::
10
1
11 - ...
L#ft ...
6 1
3 14
BVi
41
10%
6 h
1 h
11 1
12
7 i
9 M
2 h
%m.
3%
1 1
5 h
2 h
- 4 X
12
SS
10 1
11 2
9 2
8 2
%m.
Str.
Str.
Fin. | Jockeys.
IVz Piggott
2 1 I. Powell.
3 n Henry
4 1 Morgan .......
5Va Thorpe
6Vs Shaw
7 1 E. Ross
8 3 Bassinger
9 1 H. Shields
. 10 U Daly
11 " Bozeman
12 J. Martin.
[Glover ........
Fin.
Jockeys.
5-2 11-5
10 13
8 15
7 15
5 $
3 8-2
< JO
15 40
6 20
30 60
16 40
8 15
6 4
>«L
Weight. [St.
Fin.
!
Jockey*.
letting.
p. Cl.
Index.
Horse.
%m.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
9U Salceto 1H 9
929 Gaylon 8r0wn....... 115 2
864 Belzeebub 114 4
826 Maldonado 11l 6
933 Briton '. 11l 1
899 Socapa 1U 10
894 Parsifal ...11l 8
929 Loyal S 108 14
8»4 Follow Me.... 114 7
776 Woeful .111 3 :
844 Impromptu 118 12
... Phil Archibald US 13
779 Carlontan 11l 11
899 Forbes 1U 5 ,
...Malapert... 118|15
! ...
'43
12
2 1
3 2
8*
7 1
9 4.
10
11 M
«H
13 2 /
14
5 2
11 2
15
• ¦• 1 IV4 Alexander —
2 h H. Shields
3 h Morgan
4 V 4* Henry •••
62' Shaw
6 % Thorpe
7 !2! 2 Bassinger ....
8 x .x Heinson
9 Bozt-inan
10 I. Powell
11 E. ftoss..
12 Macklin
13 Plggott
14 • Hennessey ....
15 Glover .-•• —
5
6
4
•
10
6
15
15
10
30
3
6
4 ;
12
60
S
15
4
*
30
7
20
12
50
4
30
. 7-2
40
100
<Un- rises 8:13
iun sets 8:13
itoon rlsea ..„ 7:49 p. m.
3 Time Time Time Time
5 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
?HW I, TV HW L.W
17 ... 0:00 5.2 6:02 1.0 12:38 4.8 5:55 " 1.7
13 ... 0:22 5.2 6:33 0.8 1:20 4.6 6:35 S.)
19 ... 0:46 5.2 7:12 0.6 2:09 4.4 6:53 2.4
!0 ... 1:12 6.3 7:56 0.5 3:03 4.1 7:33 3.8
!1 ... 1:45 6.3 8:46 0.5 4:04 4.0 8:27 S.O
!2 ... 2:26 5.2j 9:4t 0.5 5:11 4.0 9:33 S.t
!3 ... X:2O S.lf 10:471 0.4 6:16 4.1; 10:35 3.2
ndji. Horße. Age. Weight. [St. %m. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. [Op.
... La Goleta. 5 112 5 m 11 11 14 16 Henry 1-4
919 Rey Hooker. 4 113 2 2 1 3 1 3H4 2 n 2 2 Macklln 20
871 Letlger, 3 96 6 31 2h 21 32 3 h Ranch 30
857 Croker. 4 117 85% 4h 4ft 4h 42 Shaw 20
932 Formella, 8 112 4 62 5 % 61 62 53 Hennessey .... 20
688 Henry C, 5 117 3 4h "6 2 7 2 71 6b Glover 60
932 Joe Mussle, 6 117 7 72 71 8 • 8 - 7% Basslnger .... 15
92S Tallac. 4 115 1 8 8 6V46J 8 Thorpe 6
Cl
1-
21
ICK
if
' 41
20<
2<
V,
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. %m. Hm. %m.
840 Daisy F, 6.~ 107 4 13 11 11
937 Tappan, 6 106 5 $ 5 4 3
902 Scotch Plaid, 5 106 1 2 2 2 1 2 2
918 Morlnel. 6 104 2 8 1 3 1 3 1
925 Lothian. 4 102 3 4 14 1 6
Str. Fin. | Jockeya. |Qp.
11 12 Henry 1-2
2 h 2 n Thorpe 4
3 4 3 9 J. Martin 3
4 1 4 % E. Ros* 8
6 6 Morgan 15
Cl.
2-3
6
5
20
75
Steamer.
I
From.
1 Due.
National City.. Qrays Harbor...... Mar. 17
Crescent City.. Crescent City ...... Mar. 17
Homer Portland Mar. 17
Aberdeen Humboldt — Mar. 17
Orizaba Humb01dt.......— ....... Mar. 13
Bonlta Newport.. Mar. IS
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 1)
Mackinaw Seattle -. ... Mar. 18
Crescent City.. Crescent City .._ Mar. IS
Carm'th'nshire China and Japaa......... Mar. 13
Arcata Coos Bay -_ Mar. 13
8. Portland Oyster Harbor ~_. Mar. 19
Czarina Puget Sound .... Mar. 19
North Fork Humboldt _ Mar. 20
Pomona San Dieg0.. .............. Mar. SO
Stats California Pcrtland. Mar. 21
Colon Panama Mar. II
Coos Bay Newport _.... Mar. 23
Point Arena.... Point Arena........ Mar. 22
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Mar. 22
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 23
Hongk'ng Maru China and Japan Mar. S3
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 23
Corona San Diego Mar. 24
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. II
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Mar. 23
ndex. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. *jm. &m. %a. Str. Fin . 1 Jockeys. |Op. d.
914 Dr. Nembula, 4 105 4 . 3V4 5 2 8 1 12 13 Shaw 4 6
815 Captive, a 113 6 6 H 7 7 7 2ns Glover 30 100
(914) Cormorant. 4 110 7 5 % 6 h 62 81 8h E.Ross 6 9
833 Ely, 6 10S 2 22 22 1H 2% 4% Henry 4 9-2
920 Silver Tone. 4 107 3 43414 4H 61 53 Thorpe 7 15
(837) Hard Knot. 4 110 5 7 3 h 6h 4H 62 Piggott 6-5 4-5
913 Storm King. 6 113 1 In lh 2V, IVt 7 H. Shields.... 5 12
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
Coos Bay... Newport | Mar. IT. » am] Pier 11
Queen Vtc * Pgt Sd. Mar. J7, 11) amjPler »
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena. .l Mar. 17. 1 pm'Pler *
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor [Mar. IT. 5 pm1. ........
Aloha Crescent City. I Mar. 17. 10 am [Pl«r t
Corona ?;..ISan Dle*o iMar. H, UamPlerll
Samoa jHumboMt Mar. IS. 10 am Pier 13
O. W. Elder Portland Mar. 19. Warn Pier U
Newport ... Panama Mar. 19. 11 m PM39
Bonlta Newport Mar. 10. 9am Pier 11
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. Mar. 20. 10 am Pier 20
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 20. 10 am Pier 13
Orizaba .... Humboldt Mar. 20. 2pm Pier »
Mariposa ..Sydney Mar. 21. Bpm Pier T
Pomona San Dieso Mar. 23. 11 am Pier 11
Walla Wall Vie & Pet Sd. Mar. 22. li> am Pier »
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 23. 12 m Pier 1
Gaelic China* Japan Mar. 23. Ipm PMSS
State of Cal Portland .. Mar. 24. 10 am Pier 2tFlannelly Must Hang.
Thomas W. Flannelly, the Redwood City
parricide, will have to pay the extreme
penalty of the law, for the crime he com
mitted, the. Supreme Court having ren
dered a decision upholding the decree of
the lower court, which "sentenced him to
death. .. ,- \ji
Mr. Morosco was taken ill about a week
ago. His condition became rapidly worse
day by day, and yesterday an operation
for appendicitis was attempted. The
theatrical .man was so weak, ' however,
that the doctors were obliged to postpone
their work until late last evening, when
the operation was sucessfully finished.
Death of Aaron Stein.
Aaron Stein, secretary and ' assistant to
the president , of Wells, Fargo & Co.,
died at 'his residence. 1816 Larkln street,
yesterday,' after; a short Illness. At the
time of his death deceased was •• holding
an Important position in the express com
pany, --having i held the same for many
years. " He was well known and held In
high favor by his superiors and the men
who labored with him. , His death Is
deeply regretted and many of the em
ployes, of .the corporation- will pay, their
last respect to him. by attending the fu
neral. He was 65 years old and leaves a
widow.'.- The funeral will be held from his
late residence, and interment will be In
Laurel HUl> Cemetery. «
flee of the mass will be offered for the
repose of her soul In the convent chapel at
8 o'clock this morning. The body will b«
Interred In Holy Cross Cemetery.
HURTLING MISSILES
NEARLY CAUSED DEATH
Estates in Probate.
A petition for letters of administration
upon the estate of the late Edward T.
Anthony was filed yesterday by Carrie E.
Arnold. Decedent owned real property In
this city valued at $20.000| The next of kin
are four children, the petitioner, Edward
A., Mark and Herbert M. Anthony. Susan.
Keefe has applied for letters of adlnistra
tion upon the estate of her late husband,
Michael Keefe, who died March 9, leaving
property valued at $20,000. The heirs are
Mrs. Keefe and five children— Mary A.
Denely. Joseph F., Charles 1., John T. and
Lizzie A. Keefe.
HONOR TO THE
PATRON SAINT
OF THE IRISH
Patriotism and Prayer Will
Mark the Celebration of
St. Patrick's Day.
Woodward's Pavilion to Be the Scene
of Two Entertainments — After
. , noon Sports and a.Ban
quet at Night.
To-day the Irish people of this city and
their children will honor in services pa
triotic and sacred the memory of. lreland's
patron saint— St. Patrick. This celebra
tion' is perhaps more significant than any
other of its kind held by the Irish people
in ; a generation and the ceremonies, not
alone in this city but all over the world,
will be of commensurate dignity. The
day will be spent as a festival of feasting
and song, of praise, prayer," devotion and
recreation. For in the last few months
great dignities and triumphs have come
to representatives of the Irish race. Irish
soldiers have proved their valor on the
battlefields of South Africa and by per
mission of their Queen they are weaflng
the shamrock on their breasts. In honor,
too. of their victories in war the green
flag with the golden harp is -floating over
the mansion of the Lord Mayor of Lon
don. ¦ , .
Linked with the patriotic effusions of
the Irish people of this city will be a
tribute to the Boers, for whose benefit the
proceeds of two monster shows, this after
noon-and evening. : will _be given to the
Boer Red Cross Society. .It means the
joining of hands of the Irish people in
this city and the beleaguered Boers fight
ing against odds for liberty and home.
Both entertainments will be held at Wood
ward's Pavilion, the programmes for
one end of which was tied around a
beam. .
Charles Eggert, who was a boatswain's
mate on the Baltimore and was with
Dewey at Manila, committed suicide yes
terday afternoon by blowing the top of
his head off with a large 44- caliber re
volver. The deed occurred in the Stan
ley House. 110 Sixth street, where the
young sailor has been stopping the past
two weeks. According to the statement
of the landlord, John Felines, Eggert
failed to leave his room yesterday and
at 5 o'clock the door was broken down
and the body discovered. Xo cause has
yet been ascertained for the act. Eggert
Is not known to have any relatives on
the coast, but it is said that on Thurs
day some unknown boy left the room car
rying a package which is supposed to
have contained most of the suicide's be
longings.
THREE persons — two men and a
woman — shuffled off this mortal coll
. of their own volition yesterday.
Poison, the rope- and the pistol were
the Instruments of death, and falling
health is supposed to have been the cause
In each case. The first case reported to
the Coroner yesterday was that of Mar
garet Mitchell of 2SS3 Twenty-fourth
street: the second was that of Charles
Downing, residing at 142 Russ street, and
lastly the deputies were summoned to
110 Sfxth street, where they found the
body of Charles Eggert.
Miss Mitchell is a sister of Frank
Mitchell, who shot and killed Frank Mc-
Auliffe .several months ago. The unfor
tunate young woman was only 30 years
old. and had been suffering for many
months with ftomacr- trouble. The dis
ease gave rise to melancholia, and re
cently the family were obliged to keep
a rather close watch upon her" because
of her vague threats that she would kill
herself. Yesterday morning she called
for her brother Frank, and when he ap
peared she Informed him that she had
swallowed the contents of a email bottle
of carbolic acid. Dr. Partridge, whose
office is not far away, was at once sent
for. and when he arrived he worked with
i.ll the known antidotes of the corrosive
poison, but his efforts were fruitless and
ihe unfortunate woman died two hours
later.
Charles Downing was a plasterer, 43
rears old. Two years ago a scaffolding
»pon which he was working gave way
md he was thrown to the ground, strlk
.ng on his head and receiving injuries
:hat affected his brain. At times ever
Elnce the accident he was Insane, but the
spells were not of long duration. He
was last s^en alive in the house by his
eister, Annie Downing, at 11 o'clock yes
terday forenoon. At half-past 1 o'clock
in the afternoon she had occasion to go
into the cellar, where she found the dead
body of her brother hanging by a rope,
CLARENCE E. YOUNG IS
A LOVER OF "GOOD THINGS"
Sister Blair Passes Away.
Sister Mary Ann Blair of the College of
Notre Dame passed away on Thursday
evening. ' At . the v time „ of ! her death she
was In her sixty-eighth" year. Her. taking
off has caused' great sorrow among those
who t labored with . her In her chosen
sphere. She was a'slster of Miss Annie U
ilcAnultv of New .York. The holy sacrt-
DAMROSCH AND
SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA
The announcement that Walter Dam
rosch will conduct the Bymphony orches
tra at the Grand Opera-house, with
Madame Gadskl and David Blspham as
vocalists, next Tuesday afternoon has cre
ated a tremendous stir in musical circles.
The event Is one of unusual ImportPnce.
Mr. Damrosch thinks that with the local
orchestra of seventy men In four rehears
als.he will give a most satisfactory per
formance. The programme will not be
confined to Wagner numbers, but will in
clude those of many other composers. The
pale of seats will begin at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s this morning at 9 o'clock.
r>r. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
m. cough. Never fails. Try it. All druggists. «
} v Everybody is interested in
" college life 'and college » work,
"therefore * the" article/ in " next
i Sunday's Call will be read and
I enjoyed |by all, | for it , relates
especially, to ; the ; fraternity
' and club life at the University
of California, and contains
items , about college ' life in '
* general r f as 7 well. , Moreover,
'•; The Call ¦will" present : some
reproductions of valuable and
exclusive photographs of ex-
terior . and " interior : views of
.; the Berkeley fraternities. . ,
Admittance by Card Only.
'• Admittance to the concert" in Hearst
H«l.*' Berkeley, next. Sunday afternoon at
4 o'clock will be by card only. . .
BITUMINOUS PAVEMENT
ON CHINATOWN STREETS
Mayor Recommends It to the Board
of Public Works as a Measure
of Health..-
The Mayor yesterday sent the following
self-explanatory letter, to Colonel Mendell,
president of the Board of Public Works:
As a measure of cleanliness and health I be-
U«-ve that Chinatown should be paved with bi
tuminous' rock. The present roadway is no
doubt accepted and under ordinary circum
stances the charge would'be upon the city, but
property owners on accepted streets have con
tributed one-half the cost of repavlng under the
influence of the Merchants' Association. In the
matter of Chinatown, I think the property own
ers oucht to be made to bear the whole ex
pense, and as a sanitary measure they will be
compelled to clean up their premises and they
might, if a systematic request Is made, agree
to pave the streets and alleys. As disease is
principally carried, perhaps. In the germ-laden
dust, a hard paved and watered roadway In
Chinatown would be a sanitary measure of first
importance. ¦ . •
In your estimate for the coming year I would
suggest that you include the repair of liush
street and the laying of modern pavements on
Van Ness avenue where such do not now ex
ist, and on many of the streets of the down
town districts, on some of which the property
owners are willing to bear; one-half : the ex
pense. ••
MANAGER MOROSCO'S
CONDITION IMPROVED
HARRY MOROSCO, manager of the
Grand Opera-house, Is In a serious
condition at Lane's Hospital, the re
, suit* of an operation ho has just had
performed for appendicitis. The physi
cians attending Morosco stated last night
that his case . was hopeful and many of
Our name on your printing raises the stand-
ard of your goods. Myßell-nolllns, 22 Clay. * •
AD VERTISEBLENTS.
LIEUTENANT COCKE
MUST BE SOBERED UP
Officer of the First Tennessee Volun
teers Arrested on Charge of
Drunkenness.
Lieutenant Cocke, who claims to be a
second lieutenant in the Thirty-seventh
Volunteer Infantry and who served In
Company D, First Tennessee Volunteers,
was arrested at the ' Presidio Thursday
evening and charged with drunkenness.
When Cocke appeared before Judge- Mo
gan yesterday morning he was in such a
dazed condition from his protracted spree
that the Judge continued- the case till this
morning. Cocke was sent to the Receiv
ing Hospital to be sobered up.
Cocke is the eldest son of one of the
prominent Tennessee families. According
to his story he served with honor with the
First Tennessee in Manila and was twice
wounded in action. From ¦ his Tennessee
regiment he claims to have been trans
ferred to the Thirty-seventh Volunteer In
fantry, n<jw stationed In Manila. He came
up on the City of Peking January 24 on a
sick furlough.
While in the hospital Cocke told a fanci
ful tale of how, on ¦ his first visit here,
while stationed with his regiment at
Camp Merritt, he met, and, loved Daisy
Bishop, an actress, and ¦„ finally became
engaged to her. But Cocke discovered that
Daisy was engaged to three other fellows
and so he broke off his engagement to the
fickle fair one. • = •
Cocke, however.- would, not admit that
love for Daisy drove him to drink. "It's
the wound In my side." he said. "I took
whisky to drown the pain."
In times of peace; in times of war:
The favorite drink Is Jesse Moore.
/^O/^IW/ |\J^ Tk e following are among the
vl\v/ VV 1-^l^ special branches of which we
challenge competition: GOLD CROWNS,GOLD BRIDG-
ES (TEETH WITHOUT PLATES), GOLD FILLINGS,
PORCELAIN FILLINGS, PORCELAIN CROWNS,
PORCELAIN BRIDGES, TREATMENTS, EXTRACT-
ING TEETH WITHOUT PAIN, REGULATING
TEETH, AND FULL AND PARTIAL PLATES
MADE OF GOLD, ALUMINUM, ZYLONITE,WATTS
METAL, PORCELAIN AND RUBBER BASES.
Branch Office «, fJtarN 1 >**- 14<5
San Francisco. F»/\RLORS Market Street.
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery.*
SCAVENGERS ARE
OPENLY DEFYING
CITY ORDINANCE
Board of Health Winks at
Continued Violation of
the Law.
Filth and Disease Germs Are Daily
Sifted Upon the Public Streets
Without Official Inter
ference.
There is great public sentiment back of
the demand that the scavengers' carts
used in the public streets be so employed
as not to endanger the public health.
Merchants, bacteriologists and physicians
said yesterday that there Is danger in hav
ing the carts handled as they are now.
Merchants assert that their stocks are
damaged by the vile, bacteria-breeding
dirt that is blown from the tops of the
uncovered loads. There Is no dissent from
the opinion that health is endangered.
It appears that the Phelanized Board of
Health Is permitting constant violation of
the law, which provides for a heavy cover
to be tightly fastened on the carts or ve
hicles at all times when the owner or
driver Is not collecting or depositing the
general refuse. This ordinance was ap
proved by Mayor Phelan on Judy 13, !«•>.
The Mayor therefore must kn«w the law.
Presumably the Board of Health has
knowledge of the health ordinances. It is
notorious that the carts used in carrying
the greater part of the refuse have nt
covers attached to them. They move
about the city streets covered with only
coarse cloth, if covered at all.
While the carts stand in front of stores,
schoolhouses or residences the unsavory
contents are blown about by every pass
ing breeze, '
MONTGOMERY MUST
QUIT THE BROOKLYN
Financial Difficulties of the Reputed
Capitalist Culminate in a Suit
to Collect Bent.
The financial difficulties said to have
b^en troubling Charles Montgomery, phi
lanthropist and reputed capitalist, cul
tninated yesterday in the filing of a suit
having as its object the restitution of the
Brooklyn Hotel and to compel the Brook
lyn Hotel Company, of which Mr. Mont
gomery is the principal stockholder, to
pay f27Cn) rent, which has accrued since
October 1. itiTJ. John H. Wise, executor
of the will of Charles M. Hitchcock, and
Kliza M. Coit, executrix of the will of
Maitie T. Hitchcock, appear as plaintiffs,
and Charles Montgomery, H. Brownt-11,
H. Myers and Frank Louco, stockholders
In the Brooklyn Hotel Company or sub
tenants, are joined as defendants. In the
complaint it is stated that the hotel was
leafed to the Brooklyn Hotel Company
April 1. IM*7. Since October 1, 1599, no rent
has been x>aid, and the plaintiffs ask that
delendants" least? be forfeited and that
they be >;iven judgment for the restitution
Df the premises.
IV T r~* llf \7 f\ r\ \S Portland Office
INbW YOlvK. 4th and Morrison.
DENTAL
PARLORS
723 Market St., San Francisco.
NO PAIN! NO GAS!
22-K Gold Crowns..... $5.00 Silver Fillings - $ .50
Gold Fillings 1.00 Teeth Without Plates 6.00
A FULL SET ...SS.OO
YOUNG MAN ALLEGED TO LIVE BY HIS WITS.
which contain many interesting, numbers.
Thomas Hickey, the orator of the day,
will • be heard during the evening exer
cises. .
Besides the two entertainments at
Woodward's a general sport revelry, in
all parts of the city will give those whose
minds run to outdoor pastimes a chance
for a day in the open. Coursing at two
parks, baseball games at Recreation
Park and Sixteenth and Folsom streets,
tennis tournaments, an Olympic Gun Club
shoot and various other sports present a
variety of outdoor pleasures.
In the churches masses will be said. At
St. Dominic's, at St. Teresa's and other
parish churches special exercises will be
held in the evening. One feature of the
day's celebration will be the banquet in
the Maple Hall of the Palace Hotel early
in the evening. The Knights. of St. Pat
rick, with R. C. O'Connor acting as toast
master, will gather around the board of
cheer for a few hours. Over 150 guests
have been Invited. .
St. Patrick's Day in Oakland.
OAKLAND, March 16.— Although ther*
will be no general celebration in honor of
St. Patrick's day to-morrow, there were
several entertainments given by members
of various church parishes to-night that
quite made up In a musical and literary
way for the shortcomings of the morrow.
At St. Patrick's Hall In West Oakland 3
large number of parishioners attended to
enjoy an excellent programme arranged
by the Young Ladies' Sodality of Father
McNally's church. . Rev. Father McNally
made a forceful opening address, and ihe
numbers were executed in almost the
order printed heretofore.
Father King's parish held Its celebration
In honor of St. Patrick at Hamilton Hall,
which was filled to its utmost capacity.
The programme was of unusual merit.
Father Serda's- parish also held appro
priate exercises In Sacred Heart Hall, at
Forty-first and Grove streets.
In addition to these the Ancient Order
of Hibernians also celebrated the day ded
icated to their patron saint. Colonel T. F.
Garrity presided and J. A. Emery of San
Francisco was orator. Mrs. Mary Su'.li
van-Langdon and Miss Eva Shorey ren
dered selections. ,
THREE UNFORTUNATES
DESTROY THEIR LIVES
CUT A DASH OH
MONEY HE GOT
BY BORROWING
Clarence E. Young Starts
Off Wrong on His Ar
rival Here.
•Accused of Beating His Hotel and
Slaking His Lady Guests Stand
the Expenses of His lav
ish Hospitality.
Clarence E. Young, a recent arrival
from the East, Is really a good sort of a
fellow, but his failing Is that he desires to
"swell it" on other people's money and
that he has not got into serious trouble
Is attributed to the good-nature of the
"good things" he has struck up to date. -
Young arrived here some few weeks ago.
He came on the steamer from Los An
geles, and during the trip managed to in
gratiate himself Into the good graces of
a Mrs. Higgersonof Riverside, 111., who
was traveling for pleasure, accompanied
by her daughter, Sirs liider. Young ac
companied the ladie3 ashore and took
rooms aC the same hostelry at which they
put up, the St. Nicholas. The ladles reg
lßtered riist and Young afterward. While
he was waiting for the ladies to inscribe
their names on the register he hypnotized
the clerk and obtained a loan of *o. Inls
was only the beginning. Shortly after
dinner tie obtained another live, and re
peated the operation again before retiring
lor the night. The next evening he in
vited nu steamer acquaintances to tour
Chinatown as his guebts. They accepted,
and had an exceedingly enjoyable time,
which cost Young considerable. He did
not mind, for he merely borrowed a roll
from his guests and took them to supper
on the change. • • •;
This settled him with the ladies, who left
shortly after for their home in the East,
lighter in pocket but enriched beyond
computation by the wealth of experience
that had come to them through their
friendship with Clarence.
Young continued to reside at the St.
Nicholas for some time after the depart
ure of his steamer friends. He wore the
most fashionable clothes, smoked the best
tobacco and was« gentlemanly, affable and
polished— in fact, he possessed everything
needful but money. But others had that,
and he borrowed at will.
He represented himself as a former law
partner of Senator Daniel of Virginia and
spoke of the great men of the nation as
though he had been accustomed to meet
ing them on a footing of common inti
macy. He displayed a letter bearing the
signature of Ferdinand Q. Peck of Chi
cago and claimed it was an introduction
from that gentleman to M. H. de Young
of this city. On the strength of these rep
resentations he met many of San Fran
cisco's best people and was entertained at
various clubs, among others being given
a visitor's card to the Union League. All
this time he had kept up his persistent
borrowing, taking anything he could get,
from whoever would loan it to him.
Finally he attempted to have his checks
Indorsed for acceptance at the banks, and
there he came to grief.
The hotel people took charge of his
trunk and compelled him to leave the
house, refusing him further credit declin
ing to restore his belongings to him until
he had made good the money he had bor
rowed from the hostelry and had settled
for the entertainment he had enjoyed.
Some of the acquaintances he had made
and who had been approached by him to
p.ut their names to his paper also became
suspicious and wrote to Senator Daniel,
asking information concerning his part
ner. The reply they received was any
thing but complimentary to Young. The
Senator stated that such a fellow had
once been employed by i:im as a clerk, but
that ho was no good and that no confi
dence was to be placed in his stories.
Young recently secured a position as a
reporter on a morning paper, where he Is
now employed.
Young comes from one of the best fam
ilies of the South. He Is good-looking,
well educated and Intelligent and of ex
cellent address. ,
Hales.
Haiti's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 17, 1900.
HQ PLATES fSßte|?>
the graver fears they had experienced
during the day had passed away.
ESBftIf^BROHCHIAi.
Relieve Coughs and Colds.
« Contain no qpinm, or" anything laloxt
oca."— Da. A. A. Hayes, Chemist, Beaton.
." In boxes only— Avoid Imitations.
I sale I
I this is the last Saturday but one of the J.J. O'Brien & Co. I
9 sale, shopprrs who make Saturday their buying day should ¦
¦ . bear this in mind. • n
I tVIU JjJIUVCOt Just In by express. |
9 840 pairs— the advance guard of our spring importation of Hte. B
Jouvin real French kid gloves — 3 clasps and all the lat-st a
Parisian shades — sizes: in colors, 5^ to 7; in £X? 1 .50 1
black, s'^ to" 7^— per pair, only *J7 / • I
lambskin pique gloves — ladies* pique and over- S
2-ciasp, in iatest shades of g:om Mocha gloves, in 1
Shi ATZ-J™:^ MM. *«<« «* bggrfsi I
to 7^— per pair, jT Od M\ to 7— the gg* f.QQ
only Pair, only +t* i
all our gloves sold for Si. 00
. " . * ¦ : and upward are guaranteed. .
I .Arnold knit goods do you know
I for 1900 of the "Arnold" baby knit
I comnrisa • outfit, children's day and
1 o^ if ? n«g ht knit drawers, and
1 Z3 alstlnet women's dressing sacques
1 specialties and nursery robes?
I for women's, children's catalogued p°rke list, to be
I and infants' wear. given or ssnt you.
9 ladies' gauze drawers, with deep umbrella ruffl;. these new
m summer garments are made of the finest knit fabric — cooler.
¦ and more serviceable than muslin. or cambric one woman
M writes us: "I did not know what comfort and coolness were to
¦ be found in your ladies' gauzs drawers until I had worn thfm."
¦ that tells the story— wearing is £— /"|C and GZ&
¦ believing— price Zj) \Jr - -£¦ -%J
B \ the quickest mail order house in tho West \ (
I 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 9*T. Market Street. ' S
Are peculiar to women. Men rarely
faint. Many women are liable to what
they term "fainting spells," and this
liability is always most marked at the
monthly period. This alone is sufficient
to connect the "fainting spell " with a
deranged or diseased t
condition of the 4V>^9W
The use" of I3octor (^OTjPvSk
Pierces Favorite
Prescription cures ffl/?T
irregularity, heals
inflammation and j3^^^
ulceraiion, and stops
the drains which fea» I'l^^g
weaken the body. It mE&i&ijk
builds up the nen-- KSe^mF
ous system, increases
the vital powers, and
so removes the com-
mon causes cf faint- ¦ffltrSffilra
ness in women. figm £r
There is no alcohol KIH H
in "Favorite Pre- BWSBfgp
scription;" neither E^mßmk
does it contain W%mlS3w
opium, cocaine, nor ¦gPfißrfii
any other narcotic
"It prp roe rnncb VFykX*
pleasure," writes Miss F£m9B3lJ
KHa Sapp, of James- >K''liHffi
town.GuiliordCo.. K.C., AtS^rZßmßeßt?
"tothanlc Dr. Pierce for J* JjBKMmY
the fcreat good received i?^**K3*i£X?Mw
from the use of bin JFiSFj!fis£**^mm
' Favorite Prescription ' diiajßrSoSoS*
end • Oclden Medical TB|p»<BpHß3
iJiscoviry.' I had suf- •fcS&P^^^^^
fercd for three years or ¦— M^
more at monthly periods. It seemed at though
I would die with pain in my back and stomach.
I could cot stand on my feet without fainting;
had given up all hope of ever being cured, when
one of my friends insisted upon my trying Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription. With but little
faith I tried it. and before I had taken half a
boule I felt better, had better appetite and
slept betier. Now I have taken two bottles of
• Favorite Prescription • and one of * Golden
Medical Discovery,' and am happy to say I am
entirely cured, and all done in two months'
time, wren all other medicines had failed to do
any good""
Keep the' liver healthy by using Dr.
Pierces Pleasant Pellet*.
<NCO*»ORAT» HP HI wk IMF
SPECIAL BARGAINS
Saturday am) Monday
GHIRARDELLI'S SSSk- '¦'¦¦ 2^
BEST Petaluma Ranch EGGS- -!7Le
Take advantage. Regular 20c dozen.
Finest Creamery Butter, 2 B ?£f 40c
CHOICE ESS 6 - BUTTER, square 35c
PRESERVED *K» FIGS, •&•. 10a
Extra bargain. ResrulaT 50c.
Fontana's Table Apricots, 2 C i; lb 10c
DR. PRICE'S b ....15c
HEAD JAPAN RICE, 1b.....:. 5c
SWEET SUGAR CORN, 3 eans?2sc
EASTERN Sugar-Cured HAMSfJ3Jc
NEW MILD CHEESE, »....>¦ :j2io
Send for Monthly Price List Free..
Country Orders promptly attended to
Freight paid by us when xcithin luO miles.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp 7th. "Phone S. 232. No Branch Stores. •
P PILLS a^
cwo Wind —
Pain ii n c Stomach
Torpid Liver
Sallow Skin
Indigestion, etc.
io cents and 25 cents — Druggists.
«
Patent Fire Escape
on a Wall Adjoin
ing the Baldwin
Ruins Breaks
Down With
Startling Results.
?
AN experiment with a novel
fire-escape on the wall of
the building adjoining the
Baldwin ruins on Market
street nearly caused the death of
two people yesterday afternoon.
The Inventor was manipulating his
machine when the accident . oc
curred. By the eccentric operation
of the machine two wrought iron
balls used as its governors were de
tached and hurled with - terrific
force, one upward and the other
downward. The , former sailed
through the air' for a 1a 1 distance of
350 feet, striking the sign over the
California Cafe on Powell street
and punching holes in It. The ball
that- took the downward path
grazed the head of a laborer, Hugh
Cunningham, working in the ruins.
, For an hour before the accident
the contrivance worked smoothly
and successfully. It Is a cage much
after the fashion of those used In
mines. Two small boys, whose cu
riosity exceeded their discretion,
were the human part of the show
for a time, but they luckily escaped
the accident. The machine is auto
matic. All the escaping party need
to do is to get in the cage/and re
leasing a brake he goes to the bot
tom like a bird dropping to earth.
| But the machine was played once
too often. : After a miscue another
trip was attempted, but the gear-
Ing was worn out and the support-
Ing rod snapped, releasing the balls,
that might have cut off the life of
several people. The ball that struck
the sign over the cafe caused much
excitement on account lof the re
port, and a large crowd gathered
on . the " ' streets. . One ' of the by
standers carried away the Iron ball
as a souvenir, to the chagrin of the
Inventor. X ' v^: ¦ :
12
Margaret Mitchell, Charles
Downing and Charles Eg
gert Kill Themselves.
HARRY MOROSC3.