FOUR THOUSAND
TRANSVAALERS DANGER
f .LONDON," March 22.— A dispatch to, the
i Standard from.' Bloemfonteln. dated Tues
day, says:,** "Four Transvaalers
from Colesberg [trekked, "on. Saturday and
Sunday.; to^ the northeast; goiiig.by '¦'way'of'
the ; Basqtoland ' border. y ; They 'will*!prob
ablyjbe. caught at- one'of the passes.; ;. ... .
f "A'striking- feature of -the- advance on ¦
Bloemfontein^was the abandonment of our
communications with' Poplar Grove.* Lord
Roberts; ' confident' in "the '.ability of , his
transport fo meet afl.the immediate needs
of 'the army .-deliberately; left :._thc enemy
at Abrahams Kraal to do what they liked.
The result fully justified him.. The'enemy,
to the south; were paralyzed.. by >; the bold
ness and rapidlty'of'the stroke," and • Gen
erals ¦ Clements aqd' Gatacre were .enabled
% to, cross the Orange River almost without'
Opposition." V "' " "";."'" '
SCHEMER GIVE THE
COLONIES REPRESENTATION
Special Cable to The Call and the. New s York
Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the' New Tork
".'Herald .Company.: .•:,.."- • ..- .. -,
I .LONDON," March 22.— 1n well-informed
political- circles an impression- is - gain-
Ing ground -that ..the .Government contem
plates a ; great coup in, July ¦should : the
war in South Africa be brought to;a"suc
cessful "termination 1 by^that I.tlme.'^:'lt • is
believed;- that ¦ Lord . Salisbury Intends' not
only to .dissolve* Parliament "a*nd appeal
to 'the country, but 'also .'to. bring forward
ascheme for. Imperial federation by whlcli
the great [ self colonies :. will ' be
given representation iat\"Westminster. Mr.
Chambertain j is ' said • to : be ; responsible for
the : latter pot tlon of the programme. ': '- " '
' Ifis pointed out. that all Parliamentary
business is being so 'shaped 'as to -make
provision . for, the possibility Jof a general
election In July. One strong factor In fa
vor . of an early ' dissolution ! of i Parliament
Is < the | belief « in "; ministerial \ circles "' that
there .will not be found even among Liber
al : leaders '; any.; strong > opposition to ; tha
policy of annexation - of ' the B6er repub
lics.- ..- - • - '¦>;<'< ¦ :' ¦ '¦;'.- ¦ ' ¦ :'-;.•)
Should the .war continue beyond mid
summer, [ however,' there Is little probabil
ity of a general election this year. ¦ \
PREPARING FOR BOER
PRISONERS AT ST. HELENA
LONDON. March 21.— Colonel Chalice of
the Army Corps sails for, the island of St.
Helena In order to make the necessary ar
rangements ; for' the ' accommodation* there
of General Cron je and [ the other; banished
Boers. : It is still " doubtful .whether "all the
prisoners will be sent: there, owing, to' the
feuds . between » theVTransvaalers and : : the
Free Staters. If all the ' Boers are.sentto
St.' Helena a considerable lncreasej in- the
strength of the garrison; will be required.
¦';."-"'* i. •'- ' ."' •" ' \ ":''--,'--',-'> r ';.
SCHEME TO AMALGAMATE
THE TWO REPUBLICS
; J LONDON,* March 22.-^-The cdrf'espondent
of the Times ;at. Lourenzo } Marquez, tele
graphing Tuesday, >ays: / . ; :;
:Ti'-v. Doing Good to Their Enemies. ' - »' V.;'
British soldiers at DeAar Junction distributing refreahments,
•wiih pipes and tobacco, to Boer prisoners on their .way, to Cape Town.
(From^Frank Leslie's:)' ;1?.-'
'Officer of the - British Army S eryice- Corps BkyingCati; ' •
'.' ' Itle, for the Troops' From Chief Newadi on the Upper <
¦ Tugela. : . • ..... ¦ .
¦* •¦--•¦'• ¦¦¦ • [From Frank Leslie.] •' i ...
ROBERTS TALKS TO HIS MAN
\ BLOEMFONIEIN,;*. .March ,2L* ,-* l*>™
Roberts,- while • inspecting the • naval bri-;
gade'on the plain outside the town in the
presence of 'many of the townspeople;! ad
dressed tho^men, thankingthem for, the
excellent; work .they" had done in .the
course of the campaign. He wished good
luck ¦to ; those who ¦ were about to rejoin
the ships and expressed the hope that the
others would be present at the entry .into :
Pretoria. ¦• • ¦ - >-. _- -.-'.-¦¦ ' ,
FREE STATERS SURRENDERING
MAZERU* Basutoland, ..*March 21.—
Everybody. In Basutoland rejoices In the
restoration of telegraphic communication
wlth'Aliwal North. The. proclamation of
Lord .Roberts is apparently ; effective. , as
the Free Staters - are surrendering to the
Basutoland officials. The occupation of
Thaba Nchu and Roxvllle by the British
has produced !an excellent impression,
convincing the Basiitos that the authority
of the Queen is paramount. . ?
Members Decline to S*fate-\Vhich of the Proposed
Lociatioris-They Consider the Most
a ' ' -¦¦¦•¦ ' ' ¦. ¦ • ••¦ : '¦¦¦¦(¦ '¦ -. •«
CALi. HEADQUARTERS. -WELLINGTON HOTEL.' -WASHINGTON"
"March ZL— There are good reasons for. .believing that Great -Britain will ac
cept the Davis amendment to the Hay-Pauncefote treaty, under which .tha
United States will have. the right to place the saras safeguard around tha NI- ;
caragua canal as. the' British Government enjoys In respect to the Sues*
canal. I It was strongly intimated to me to-day by a diplomat usually well In
formed'that Great Britain. . with . some - show ¦of reluctance at first, will in ¦
the end sdopt the amendment. My Informant also expresses- the opinion
that all the European nations .will join In the neutrality agreement contem
plated* by the treaty, notwithstanding the Davis amendment. - -, ,
Senator Davis will urge consideration of the treaty at an early date, as it
is his belief that Great Britain will agree to the amendment. There seems to
be no doubt of the ratification of the treaty in its amended form.
:- The object of the Davis amendment: to the Hay-Pauncefote treaty Is la
effect to place in; the, hands of the United States the same authority for con
trol of the Nicaragua canal as Great Britain enjoys In respect to the Suez
canal— that Is, the United States. shall have the right to take what measures
it may; find necessary: for securing by. Its own forces the defense of the
. United States and ; the maintenance of public order.
.¦ . The \ Central > American < .' republics " heartily applauded th© Hay-Paunce
fote. treaty ."because It, seemed to assure prompt building of the canal by tha
United States, with 'its; neutrality assured. Representatives of both Nicara
gua and Costa Rica, however,* expressed regret . when the Davis -amendment
was offered." They said -that -'their Governments would certainly opposa a
' modification which would make it possible for the United States to take pos
session of their territory, whenever .'it deemed such action necessary.
Since the, war with Spain,' and the acquisition of Porto Rico and tha Phil
ippines by the United States, the Central American republics have developed
- a fear that - this Government . may ¦ acquire a desire for further expansion and
that they may suffer as a result. ¦ t>" ¦
-|» -p EW, TOKK, March 2L— Among the
' IV I Passengers who arrived to-day on
I\. board the steamer Finance from
I \ Colon were General Haine s and
. ™ Edward ¦ Noble , of / the Panama
Canal Commission, lieutenant R. >12
Belknap of the. United States navy and
Henry X. Alien; I General Halnes hurrtetl
from the boatito .take a train for Balti
more. 'Commissioner Noble : will remain,
in this city. for. a day or two. and then
Join .'General Haines In Washington. Com
missioner Noble • said that they did not
bring with them any portion of the re
port, but that they might be called upon
to. go before the Congressional commit
tees. Seven of the Commissioners, he
said.were now In Costa Rica, one of the
objects of. their visit being to call upon
the* President of that State i and find out
what concessions : could be obtained.
Commissioner George C. Morrison of New
York, he sate, was on his way to the
Darlen -country with a surveying party
looking-for a 'possible route in that re
gion. Commissioner Noble declined to In
dicate the Impression he or the other
Commissioners - received- as ,to the ¦<¦ best
route for a" canal or "to- forecast what the
rec6mraendktlon«'^rm;be. The only thing
he' would say was: '"* ¦¦'' „' "
" I A think "the ".American "people willjwant a,
route. across the Isthmus, but the work of die--
Kin* . the canaP on any , route will take longer
: than' anybody seems to think." »
Feasible : Boute Selected.
- Before his departure for Baltimore Gen
eral Halnes said: ;
The present commissioners report will not
only decide upon a practical route for an Isth
mian canal, but will demonstrate conclusively
that the mute selected is the most feasible one
that could have been chosen. W e have at pres
ent about 300 surveyors in the field under the
charge of competent engineers. They are go
ing with the greatest care over the Nicaragua
route » the Panama route and all the other
routes ' suggested by any of the former ¦ sur-
Ve Beglde9 this we have a number of exploring
parties out. . in the hope of discovering sites
that have been hitherto, overlooked. . Our object
Is to do the work with such thoroughness that
our results cannot Dossibly be questioned at
any future time.. We have the reports of all
previous surveys, but we. shall cover every
mile of ground through which we think it pos
sible for the canal to be run. The country is
varied and the work of the surveyors is diffi
cult and progress slow, especially In the section
about Darlen.
For this reason tt Is impossible to set even
an. approximate date for presenting oar formal
report to the State Department Unless Con
gress especially requires one, we shall submit
no preliminary report. Until our work la done,
therefore, it is Improper for any member of the
commission to • speak in regard to the merit ot
the several routes' proposed.
Commissioner Noble was asked If tha
commission had found the representations
of the Panama canal people who wero at
Washington before th» commission lelt,
to be .true. He replied:
I think they have the number of men em
ployed that they eald they had. It Is a fact,
too. that they have done the dredging and ar«
cutting down the hill. Things are much as they
said they were. |
The present Panama Canal Company hat
been spending the money It has mainly la mak
ing a narrow, deep cut through the great dlvld«
that it has to get through to reach the other
coast. -The work. ls betns well done. la re
gard to the Chagres River, we have found that
the Panama people have a feasible way w
manage that, although everybody laughed at
them when they said they could do It. We hay«
a surveying party at this point now making th«
necessary survey on their plans.
Ex-Secretary Evarts' Views.
"WASHINGTON. March 21.— 1n response
to. a resolution of the Senate the Presi
dent to-day sent to that body the cor
respondence between the United States
and ¦; the I Government' of Colombia, rela
tive, .to the Panama canal. ¦ The corre
spondence covers the period from 1373 t«
1397. and much of It has been heretofore
printed.. ' ? - - .-¦.,.•
¦ AmonsrJ the. documents "which have not
been published Is. a letter, of April 19,
ISBO. from Secretary Evarts to. United
States Minister Emart - Dychman, con
cerning the Panama canal concessions. In
which the Secretary says:
The Governnwat of the United State* might
be willing in the matter of the mere mercan
tile Interests of its citizens to trust to the In
telligent self-interest of those who undertake
Its construction, to see that reasonableness and
equality of tolls, simplicity of regulation and
perfect • Impartiality of treatment . should ib«
made the inducements to draw the commerce
of all nations to its channel. Bat It cannot be
concealed, and the Government of the United
States does' not attempt to conceal, that Its
relation to this enterprise must be governed by
larger and more serious considerations. ' This
enterprise, once achieved, works more than a
commercial ¦ revolution. It touches the. condi
tions under which the security of the United
States may need to be maintained. While th«
United States feels . no concern as to the ade
quacy of Its power to meet any exnersendei
that may arise, while there Is no Issue In tha
world's politics which at all threatens lti
tranquillity. . while its relations with all na
tions are of peace and' rood .will, yet it Is not
unwise- to antlcioata possible contingencies
From British Sources Comes a Story That the Free Staters Are
Anxious to Give Up aod Transvaalers fire Ready to
Cease F'9^^^9* -¦ ¦¦¦• ISil
SOUTH AFRICAN WAR MAY
COLLAPSE IN THREE WEEKS
FEASIBLE ROUTE
FOR THE CANAL
UNCLE SAM
REFUSES TO
BE HELD UP
"Shaves" the Railroad Bills
for Transportation of -
iroops.
LEGAL FIGHmTHREATENED
Treasury Department' Declines to
>VPay More Than , the . Bate ¦?
Given to Private
:.~ - '-:•¦- '.: " .- . 'PartiesJ- ?'. :'..
, >V HICAGO, ; March ZL— The Chronicle
I to-morrow > will say: General j pas-
I senger agents of the . railroads ope
\ j rating in the territory west of Chi
v V** cago have become- involved •' in a,
quarrel with .the United States Govern
ment over the rate. per ticket. to. be paid
for the movement of soldiers to San Fran
cisco.; en route to ' the Philippines. The
Government authorities ire withholding
nearly $175,000 . demanded by, the Western
roads 'for the transportation of soldiers.
The troops were moved on 'orders from ¦
the War Department' and each man was
charged at full 'tariff rate, less the deduc
tion of the land grant roads>_i.v'
.When the railroads asked a settlement
of the ; transportation bills the Treasury
Department | demanded j a rate .of / 2 cents
per mile less than the land grant reduc
tions.' The 2-cent-per-mlle rate is j that
given to parties of twenty or more travel
ing on. one ticket, and this applies only
to organizations traveling for the i pur
pose of giving entertainments, exhibitions
and those taking part in "contests.
Lawyers Asked for an Opinion.
1 Officers of the railroads c'onte*nded that
military business does not § come under ,
any. : of these heads, or that it was ., not
what Is known In - railroad parlance *as
"party business." The Comptroller of the
Treasury was . then appealed to and he
gave an opinion -that _ the rallrqads" had
no .right .to charge; the Government any
higher rates for transporting Its troops
than, they did for. carrying parties of pri
vate citizens.
Officers of the (railroads appealed to
their legal departments • for opinions on
the Question and . ; a . special meeting of
the general passenger, agents and the at
torneys of the interested roads will ¦be
held In Chicago to-morrow to hear their
opinions. ,-. , ¦"'¦¦[ ¦¦¦-'. „ - '. - ' ¦
• >If the I lawyers side with the
Comptroller of the Treasury the twenty
five or more Western roads that carried
the military business will be out between
175,000 and . $100,000. In addition. If these
opinions are allowed to stand, the West
ern roads will be forced >to throw open
their low party, rates to any party, of ten
or more .traveling ' on one ticket or order.
DAVIS SAYS BRITISH
NEGLECTED THEIR DEAD
. . • ' « — . - ,T^ -. •"? • .- • • •
Special Cable'to The Call 'and the New York
• Herald. Copyright, 1&00. by the New York
HejaUJi Company:,.- \ . . : . .: i.
; BRUSSELS, March \ 21.— Private * letters
from Pretoria- state that' Webster Davis,
'Assistant Secretary -of the Interior of>the
lUnited States, witnessed- the battle of
Spion Kop, r and afterward gave his: im
pcesslons jln i-He -said -that-jhe
had been especially struck by the neglect
by the English 'In regard, to the burial of
.their d€«ad.- "They- hardly."- he -declared,
."dig. any graves at aU, but are hiding
corpses under a few-shovelfuls of earth,
ifrom which are constantly seen emerg
ing a foot, hand .or head. ..When the heat
jot rain comes the corpses offer an atro
cious, picture. . A. white, j moving , mass., is
observejfl, consisting of worms feeding on
the dead.'.' • - . • • • • i '..
i In proof ' of - this statement ' Mr. Davis
had .himself • photographed , in the .'midst
of English corpses'at Splon Kop. •.-'..
Private- letters also state that. the khaki
uniforms of British prisoners at Pretoria
being worn and tattered, .the Transvaal
.Government has had the kindness' to au
thorize the prisoners to don. new. civilian
clothes, despite the danger of; escapes, as
no one -.could distinguish , between the
British prisoners and any ordinary civil
ians. ' -~j.'-:-f
It Is alleged In Pretoria, according to a
letter to the Petit Blue, that in the Coles
berg fights several . Boers were -terribly
wounded by "duni-dum" bullets. An Eng
lish sergeant, who was wounded and
made prisoner, confessed to Dr. Krause
that the "English employed "dum-dums,"
adding: "It is not our fault; we have to
obey orders." ¦
SWITZERLAND'S STAND
REGARDING INTERVENTION
BERNE, Switzerland, March 21.— The
Federal Council has answered .the Boer
appeal -for mediation as follows: "~ ¦
"The Swiss Federal Council would, have
been pleased to co-operate In friendly me
diation In order to end "further bloodshed,
but as -the Presidents' of :-' both "; South
African republics have directly.approach
ed the British Government; in order to
conclude peace on a basis indicated, and
the British Government. has. shown itself
against the proposal; and, 'as v further
more^ the . British -Government* hajf '." de
clared to the Cabinet at Washington! that
It did not propose to accept the. interven
tion' of : any:/, power," the ' Swiss; Federal
Council to its regret, must also; renounce
the idea of taking any steps, on the; lines
of the'request made by^ the Presidents of
the South African ' republics. ¦There re
mains for the Federal. Council j ln'the'dr-
LONDON, March 22.— Possibly
the most important war news
of the day is contained in this '
dispatch from Cape Town to the Daily.
Mail: " • . '
"I have just arrived here from
Bloemfontein. I was informed that
no further movement was probable
for three weeks, as some negotiations
were proceeding. I was unable to
learn the nature of these negotiations
or whether Sir Alfred Milner's de
parture from Cape Town had any
connection with them. - . • -- <~,
"There is, however, every sign
that the Free Staters are anxious to
give up, and it would not be surpris
ing if the* war collapsed quickly,-for
though there are no definite indica
tions of the feelings of the Trans
vaalers many stories are afloat to the
effect that they are anxious to cease
fighting."
LONDON. March 22.— The opinion is
held by some here that Milne r's mission
relates to the forming of a temporary ad
ministration for the Free State. The:
whole of the southern Boer republic, ac
cording to the dispatches, Is believed to
be willing to submit. It is not thought
probable here that the negotiations re
ferred to concern the Transvaal Govern
ment.
From Bloemfontein come reports of
Free Staters surrendering and returning
to their farms, and of British forces ac
cumulating stores and making prepara
tions for the nexts tep in" the campaign.
North of Lord Roberts' headquarters the
Boers are busy in the destruction of
bridges and culverts on the railroad.
Three bridges have been blown up— one
over the Modder River, fourteen mfles
north of Bloemfonteln. another at the Vet
River, between Brandfort station and
Ventersberg. and a third over the Valsch,
Immediately in front of Kroonstad. The
Transvaal Boers are reported to be de
termined strongly to oppose the British
advance at the latter point.
On the western border of the Free State
Lord Methuen found the Boers In a forti
fied position at Warrenton. Colonel Pake
man had several days' fighting at Four
teen Streams. The burghers are said to
have retired twenty miles northeasterly to
Christiana.
It is reported that the British occupied
Christiana, which, if true, would consti
tute the first invasion of the South Afri
can republic's territory. It appears more
and more likely that these engagements
are torerur.ners of an advance of a third
army of it least 20,000 men on Pretoria" by
way of Kircberley. where the Teomantry,
Colonials and fresh troops from England
are concentrating as a base.
At ANwal North General Brabant is still
opposed by an apparently determined
body tf Boerc. but General French Is be
hind them and the British columns are
creeplrg around them by w ; ay of Roux
vllle and Smithficld. General Clements
and General Gatacre are well advanced
on thrir march to Bloemfonteln and are
receivinf. according to the dispatches to
the Lonfion papers, the surrender of num
erous bodies of Free Staters.
The establishment of a train service be
tween Cape Town and Bloemfontein
chows conclusively that Lord Roberts has
male himself the, actual master of the
Free State territory weet and south of
Bloemfontein. He is In effective military
occupation of more than half of the total
curhstahces, nothing but. to '.express Its
sincere ' wish-, that ...the ..belligerents will
have, succeeded "at'no" too~\llstant,date In
finding a basis Xor. an understanding hon-i
orable-to -both^ parties.", ' ." ?
area-of the. republic and has reduced" the
"Free State army to "a mere "contingent ol
ttte" Transvaal -forces. ' .- "•* !¦' ' ',
, There are many signs that'General.Dul
ler tis preparing to' move:: Inifront .of him,
beyond Elandslaagte and commanding the
Dundee-Newcastle-Pretoria Railroad ? ls' a
force of Bpers-.ln- considerable -strength,'
who hold the Blggarsburg range.' The en- ;
emy's" position" is not unlike that which*
they occupied at'l Colenso. - Outpost sktr-'
mlshes-are the' every day occurrence. " Un-
tll all the Boer resistance fs overcome- In-.
Northern Natal, there can be .no ' British,
advance in. foree ¦¦¦> through Drakensberg
Passes or. invasion of .the Free State-by,
way of Harrismlth.
j Nor a' word wds received yesterday- as
to'the outlook of.Mafeklng's relief/"
"It , Is reported " from Pretoria that a
scheme has been .arranged for the amal
gamation of 'the ".Transvaal' and' the -Free
State. Kruger ".will . become President jof
the ! federated states and . Steyn command
ant general of- the -Boer army.- The flag
will be the 'same 1 as : thafof the Tran
svaal, with anadditional orange color." '. '
! "Although ;,thjs; story is. riot; confirmed,
it; is ."not ; Improbable.' It-Is a notorious
fact that j General ~ Joubert has lost • the
confidence of ; the burghers simply, because
from ' the^ first he refused .to shut his eyes
to. the^inevi table, result, of .the war. ; With
all u the burghers in the field, it might. not
be dlfflcult:to secure a formal indorsement
'of this rumored scheme." '.
:. *'"¦.". ; '¦"¦¦¦¦ ' ' * " ' * ' ¦' '•'¦.. ""-'".
DECLARES BOERS ARE
NOT TRUE CHRISTIANS
? KANSAS ; CITY,', March 21.— Two Metho
dist Episcopal . conferences are . in • session
In Kansas City, : the Kansas • ; conference
'meeting -'on ' th'e- Kansas' side and the;Mls
,souri: conference meeting on the Missouri
side. AThe"' feature ' of. the Kansas gather
ing, was. a speech' by John jW. Hamilton of
Cincinnati, j corresponding secretary . the
Freedmen's? Aid 1 ' Society; < In; denunciation
of the \Boers arid ''deploring the sympathy
In; their being manifested in this
country. \ He . insisted that . the'Bpers'Vwer e
not true Christians, for he said they, de
nied their Christianity •to • the ' black ¦ men.
iHe • declared ; that s a -victory.: for ¦ England
iwould ' be a ; for.' civilization,' and
freedom.'. -The C assembled ministers ap
plauded his weirds. * vC * "." r > ;•."
BOERS USED SPLIT AND
SOFT-NOSED BULLETS
j "', LiADYSMrrH; 'March : 21.— It has '; i been
ascertained .that'; the j accidental • removal
"of stones," covering some Boer 'graves af
ter the fight at Pleters : Hill," February"} 28;
revealed thousands of, split and soft-nosed
bullets. ?i;/V •.'.' \r?<> ''• ' ¦- ¦'•¦¦;/ !
\' Princess ; Christian's hospital . tralrf ar
rived .this morning. "It was the first ' train
over; the ' new .Colenso bridge. . ' The : rail
road j Is : now | open '.to j Elandslaagte,-.,where
a - camp ' has , been '"i established." • Drakens
,berg and : Biggarsdorp are closely watched
by the British - cavalry. ;
GOVERNMENT REORGANIZED.
: LONDON^ March 22.— A Daily Chronicle
correspondent at Bloemfohtein, telegraph
ing .Tuesday; March- 20,' < says: VThe civil
government has '.been . reorganized. --J. f A;
Collins, ' Under,; Secretary of ¦: the ; Interior
ln~ ; Steyn 1 s" executive,: has been; appointed
Landrost.'. -'¦ Steyn Is regarded as gullty...of
fatul»y,*jbutl notj Influenced; by nepotism."
He ' was? always j Kruger's > tool, i It has
been rumored: that he; has reaped financial
benefit \ from t this i connection , but • the I re
port Tis not substantiated. : . Mr. ' Fischer
played" the "part "ot ; Steyn's'»Mephistoph
ele3.";.f ; ," ''¦•• m ' - '- : *-'"^': '<?'*
DESPERATE FIGHT PREDICTED.
» LONDON,; March ' 22.VA" dispatch . to ' the
Dally ; Mail ; from ¦ Pretoria,' dated Monday,
Marchr 19.^ Bays: -, '/President \ Kruger, re
turnedvfrom^Kroonstadt', yesterday. & >He
says ; the fight* In \, the jFree :: State jj will Ibe
desperate. ' I am*lnformed;thkt;thetTra'ng
vaalitSovernmenti has' taken'Tno : resolution'
to; destroy,^ mines ', or, property as % aMast'
¦ resort." -;v^'J'^'^-«*^'-"-' :: ¦'' ."¦ '.'-"'¦ -,'¦''' V
Rhodes Sails for England.
\ CAPE.'TOWN.I Marclr 21.-f Cecil ' Rhodes
Wailed 1 for.' England to-day.' 7 , '--'•¦'.;'-•-' '• " ¦ '
Isthmian' Commission Returns
From Its Work: to Report
to Congress J
Types of Boer Women Who : Are -Forming a; Home Guard.
, ¦¦¦'• m Boer women have already beenffound> lying dead in: the trenches, where, side by side with their
they fought it Us now announced that they are forming a home
'> guard/so that every man capable 'of snooting a gun may be sent to the front. Many of the Boer women
. are, wonderful' shots. . ¦ '? : ¦-•-^ _ __ — ,•-'-— - *
VOLUME LXXXVII - NO. 122^
SAN FEAirCISCp; THUBSDA^Y, MARCH 22, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLStop* the Coufth and Works Off the Cold.
'• Laxative Bromo-Qul nine Tablets cur*' a 'cold'
In one day. "No cure, no pay. ' Price 26c' ' •
CAPE NOME!
SS..n.htp. SAN; PEDRO
(Built In 1599.)
Capacity 1000 tons. All modern
conveniences for comfort. Elec-
tric lighted throughout.
Sailing From
BAN FRANCISCO
• — to-— ¦
NOME DIRECT
May \5, 1900
This company will hare Its own
complete equipment for. the safe ;
and expeditious landing of passen- -"
gersand cargo on arrival at Nome.
For Freight and Passenger
Rates Apply to
GAPE NOME STEAMSHIP GO.
. (H. R. DUFBTN A CO.. Gen'l Agents.)
10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
which may expose our systems to trial not now
obvious or i>robable.
He then dwells upon the changed con
ditions which would be made apparent in
case of war and pays:
All the treaties of neutrality In the world
mlrht fail to be a safeguard In a time of great
conflict.
He. therefore. Instructs Dychman to say
to the Colombian Government "that It is
a source of profound regret to this Gov
ernment that the Government of Colom
bia hitherto refrained from communiear
tion upon the subject of the recent com
mission, as the treaty relations between
the two countries Justified us In expect-
Attitude of This Nation.
He added that the United States would
demand that the construction of an Isth
mian canal "should be the subject of Joint
consideration, with a view to the protection
of those interests which bind the South
and North American republics together
as closely as other interests and relations
bind the European powers." He also gave
Instructions to add that the United States
Government did not consider itself ex
cluded by an agreement to which it was
not a party. On this point he said:
You will add that this Government cannot
consider itself excluded by any arrangement
between any other powers or individuals ¦ to
which it Is not a party, from a direct interest,
and, if neceshary. a positive supervision and
interposition in the exploitation of any project
which by completing an lnteroceanlc con
nection throuarh the isthmus would materially
affect its commercial interests, change the
territorial relations of its own so\-erelgnty and
Impose on it the necessity of a foreign policy,
which, whether in its feature of warlike prepa
ration, or entangling alliance, has been hither
to arduously avoided. .»•¦'.¦
Concluding a long communication, he
¦aid:
Should this lntM-oc^anie connection ever be
Achieved and should ita control become in the
complications of International relatloc* a mat
ter of Importance to any power it will surely
not be deemed by the Colombian Government
either dlFreFpectful or unfriendly- to -Miriest
that the military rtrenjrth of the Government of
Colombia would he Inadequate to maintain - Its
feetirlty or neutrality and the enforcement of
the guarantee of the L'nlted States would prob
ably be sought, as It' has been heretofore.
Should the possibility of such a necessity be
come a Drobable ocenrrence It would be the
ixiiy of the L'nited States, not only to them
ivlves, but to the Government of Colombia, to
w» that they were In a position to enforce the
fruaranteee which existing treaties Impose upon
them and which their feeling of sincere friend
ship for the Government of Colombia would In
duce them to fulfill with scrupulous fidelity.
Ex-Secretary Foster's Protest.
Another communication of some interest
is that of ex-Secretary Foster to Mr.
Ccrughlln of December 22, 1592, relating to
the request of the Panama Canal Com
pany for an extension of one year. He
opposed the concession, saying that the
company was bankrupt and hence the ap
plication for an extension was not bona
fide.
"In view of this." he said, "the United
States Government earnestly trusts that
no such extension will be granted without
substantial guarantee*." r
Reporting later that the extension had
been granted Minister Abbott said:
"The time will never come, in my judg
ment, when the Colombian Government
will refuse to grant canal concessions to
European companies until a definite prop
osition for the construction of the work
shall come from the government or a re
liable company of the United States."
The last document of the series Is a
remonstrance from Charge d'Affaires
Rengifo of the Colombian Legation at
Washington against the attitude of the
United States Government toward the
Nicaraguan canal. He said the new
Panama Canal Company was well
equipped and reminded the Secretary of
State that there were doubts about the
practicability of^ the construction of the
Nicaragua route. - He expressed doubt as
to whether, with the two canals con
structed either would pay and reminded
tha United States that the support given
by this country to the Nicaragua route
would be injurious to Panama. Hon.
John Sherman was then Secretary of
State and the record shows that he only
!ormally acknowledged the note.
Natives Are Buying. Lend. ...
MANAGUA, Nicaragua. March. 2L— lt is
LADY SARAH : WILSON; the' Correspondent Lately
.¦¦•¦¦.-, ¦-¦¦•'" Wounded at' Mafekirig. p£s
;' Next to Colonel Baden-Powell himself, the most notable and' lnteresting
figure in beleaguered Maf eking Is Lady Sarah .Wilson, .wife of Captain Gor
don .Wilson of the Blues and sister of : the , late | Duke jof Marlborough and
Lord Randolph Churchill, and correspondent of .the London Daily Mall. Lady
Wilson was In Maf eking when the war 'broke out and left, on the approach
of the Boers/ hoping to reach . Klmberley by way of Kuruman, but after a ride
of some. 2oo miles she was captured by the Boers and sent back Into the town
¦under a flag of truce, where she has since remained. . It is said that her wound
is but a slight one. It is safe to' say that Lady Wilson will be the "."lioness"
of the hour on her return to London- *; . x - > ,
INTERESTS THE
PEOPLE OF THE
PACIFIC COAST
Appropriation Granted to
Continue the Hydro
graphic Office.
Representative Needham Positively
Denies the Current Reports
That He Will Not Run for
Congress Again.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, , March 21.— Senator
Perkins has ' secured the | adoption of the
amendment to the. urgent deficiency.ap
propriation bill - passed 'to-day providing
$30,000 for the continuance of the work of,
the Hydrographlc Office, $20,000 of which
Is to be applied to measuring streams.
This appropriation insures tho keeping up
of the work of that office until the end of
the ; present fiscal year at least. There
after, the maintenance of the office will
doubtless bo provided, for in the regular
appropriation bill. ¦<.'& -J
Senator Perkins also offered an amend
ment to the bill providing a civil code for
the district of Alaska, declaring that
Sltka shall remain the seat of government
until the necessary grounds und buildings
at Juneau are obtained. Af tec some dis
cussion the amendment was adopted.
Representative Kahn to-day received a
petition from the San Francisco Chamber
of Commerce favoring the appropriation
of $200,000 for the Philadelphia Commer
cial Museum and urging tne support of
the California delegation ' therefor. Mr.
Kahn also received a copy of resolutions
of the "Alaskan citizens of Skaguay ask
ing for the passage of a bill providing for
the civil government of Alaska. Mr. Ivahn
to-day received, a telegram from promi
nent ship owners of San Francisco to the
effect that the Treasury Department
had concluded' to make Cape Nome
a subport of entry. Mr. Kahn.
called on Assistant' Secretary Spaulding
in regard to the matter and was assured
by him that for the present there was no
disposition on the part of the Treasury
Department to make Cape Nome a sub
port. This will practically give the entire
trade of Cape Nome to American vessels,
and British vessels will not.be allowed to
unload farther north than St. Michael. *
Representative Metcalf to-day secured
the promise of the Postofflce Department
that free delivery would be established at
Lorin, PeraJta and West Berkeley, Ala
meda County, May 1. Mr. Metcalf has for
some -time been working for the estab
lishment of additional sub-stations of the
postofflce at Oakland. The department
assured him these : would soon be pro
vided. Metcalf will look over the terri
tory and decide as to the best and most
convenient locations for the new stations,
which will be established as early as pos
sible. „¦ . ¦ • ?
Senator Turner. In presenting hi« reso
lution, which .was adopted, asking 'the
War Department . for i, information con
cerning, the alleged concessions to_exca
vate the gold-bearing bed of the sea near
Cape Nome said: "The Secretary of. War
has Jurisdiction over the navigable waters
of the rivers and harbors of the United
States and at various times has given to
private individuals authority to excavate
the bed of such waters for; proper pur
poses. Now If this authority has ' been
stretched to cover such concession as that
mentioned in the resolution It Is a shame,
a reproach and a scandal." •¦ : •,
Representative Needham wlll.be, a can
didate, for renomination to Congress. Re
ports reached here to-day that 'he would
decline to. make the race; again.' ' Need
ham said to a Call representative to-day:
"It is. not true as stated. ln certain news
papers in California that I am not a can
didate for renomination. ,. I have received
¦a* large number of letters on the subject
and ' have told my « correspondents . that
the reports had no foundation In fact, and
that I am a candidate for renomination.'.'
By direction of the Acting Secretary of
War, Captain Benjamin C. Morse, Seven
teenth United States Infantry, will report
in .person to Major General William: R.
Shatter. United States Volunteers, *at* the
headquarters of the Department of Cali
fornia, -¦ San ; Francisco, . for appointment
and duty ns aid de camp-on his: staff.
•By direction of the Acting Secretary -of
War, First Lieutenant Frederic W.v Alt
staetter, Corps of Engineers, " United
States Army, is relieved from further duty
with the , Battalion of ¦ Engineers and 'at
the United States | Engineer | School, Fort
Totten. N. V., '• to • take effect « not < later
than April ! 30, v. 1900, '*. and ' will ' proceed to
San -Francisco and report In person to the
commanding general of ' the Department
of = Calif ornla for assignment to • duty.
Upon the completion of the duty assigned
him 1 he will proceed to Manila, Philippine
Islands, and report In person to the ; com
manding general of the Department of the
Pacific and - the : Eighth Army ; Corps \ for.
duty under his orders. •• -¦•<¦ ¦-¦¦¦¦'V^'-. ,
•: Pensions: California— Original— George
Cole, Glen; Ellen, $6; John D. Harvey,
M^ndocino, $6. Increase— John "B. -Weber,
Eureka, $6 -to $B: 'Thomas 8. - N. Fitzpat
rick, San j Francisco, $6 •to $8; j Frederick
A. Jennings, : National - Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, 48 to $10; '£ Benjamin : Piper,
San r Jose, $6 to . $8; . Atwood Morse,- Oak
land. $10 to $12. "War with Spain: . Origi
1 nal— Thomas A. * Marlowe, San Francisco;
».--, • .>-;- ¦¦-:•:<'- -,;.-•; .---,, .-,-.,¦•-./¦/:
- Washington: - Original— Wallace Palmer,-
Lynden, w.% Increase— Special, t March' 9—
! Francis Gunder. Wlnlock.- $0 to $8. > • j
Oregon: "Original— Andrew J. Wash
burn, • dead. Park Placer $6; Simon" Miller,
Marchflold. %fi • : ¦ ¦ . . . - .¦ - ¦• ,
FATAL FIGHT
BETWEEN TWO
AGED MEN
John Welch Silled; hy J.
S. Burett in Los/
Angeles.
Both' Men Had j Passed Three ¦ Score
Years, and the Latter Claims .
There Was No
Quarrel.
LOS ANGELES, March 21— John Welch,
an old soldier, was Instantly killed this
afternoon by J. S. Burett at the latter' s
home on Reed street, «the weapon used
being an ordinary hand ax. Burett claims
that .: Welch came; to /his house .with a
heavy hammer and made an attack on the
locked doors. He brtoke through . four
doors and smashed in a window in his
desperate efforts to reach Burett. { •[. .'
The latter armed himself with a'con
venient ax- and when Welch reached the
room In which he had barricaded himself
he struck the intruder on the head,. killing
him instantly.
Burett stated positively that he had had
no previous trouble with Welch and he
knew of no reason why he should assault
him. .Both men are about 63 years old.
For the First Time in the History of Medi-
cine, a Cure for Bright's Disease
Has Been Discovered.
QUAKER COUPLE
WED WITHOUT
A PREACHER
Unique Ceremony Is Per
formed at Pasa
dena.
There Was Neither Ring, Music Nor
License, but the Form of Maf-.
; riage Is Recognized by
the State. '¦¦
Sj*clal Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, March 21.— William F.
, Michener and Mrs. Mary V. Miller, both
;of this city, to-day married themselves
. without the aid of any preacher and wlth
,out even having previously secured a cer
'tiftcate. Their, marriage must be recog-r
nized -by the' law, too* It was the first
marriage of -the kind : which * was ever
solemnized in the State of California, ac
cording to the claim made by the parties.
It;was made under the law of the Quaker
:church, originated by George Fox, the
founder of the Quaker church in Kngland
250 years ago. " -
• Several other States of the Union, after
a strong effort had been made, recognized
this form of ceremony and in 1887, through
the efforts of Senator C. M. Simpson,
California legalized it. The groom .did
not have to procurea license. On Satur
day, February 17, the bride and groom in
formed the Quaker church that they con
templated marriage. A committee was
appointed to see that there were no ob
stacles. Thirty days later the committee
reported that there were none. ' . The
couple then informed the church that they
were still In the same mind and another
committee was appointed by the congre
gation to see. that' the ¦ ceremony- was
properly performed. ,
This morning at 10:30 o'clock .was the
time set. At the. close, of the prayer
service bride and groom stepped before
the congregation, facing • the groom's
brother. Dr. J. C. Michener, a prominent
physician, was the first waiter or grooms
man, and Professor and Mrs. I. N. Vali;
the nearest relatives of- the bride, were
her attendants. The couple Joined their
right hands and the groom said: ¦¦' .r-"Friends,. r 
"Friends, in the presence of the Lord
and before this assembly I take Mary V.
Miller to be my wife, promising -with di
vine assistance to be unto her a loving
and faithful husband until death shall
separate us."
The bride repeated S this formula and
they inscribed their names upon a certifi
cate reading:
"William F. Michener and Mary V. Mil
ler of the 'county of Los Angeles. State
of California, having made known their
intentions of marriage with each other In
a public meeting of Friends held in Pasa
dena this 21st day of March, in the year
of our Lord 1900, declared that in the
presence of our Lord they took each other
for husband and i wife. And as a further
confirmation thereof they did then and
there In this presence subscribe their
names, she, according to the custom of
marriage, accepting tne name of .her hus
¦ band." . -
The witnesses signed the certificate.
There was no ring and no music.
MYSTERY OF
CLAYSON-OLSEN
PARTY SOLVED
Their Dead Bodies Frozen
in the Ice Near
# ' Minto.
? . —
Further Evidence Against O'Brien,,
the Suspect, Who Is Now Serv
ing a Term for Stealing ¦
i . Scows.
¦ VICTORIA, B. C, March 21.— The mys
tery surrounding the Clayson-Olsen party
promises to be cleared up, the bodies of
the missing men having been found in the
river three miles on the Skaguay side of
Minto. The rlews was brought by the
steamer Amur, which reached here this
morning from Skaguay.
Several days before the Amur left the
Alaskan port Pinkerton Detective Mc-
Guire and Captain Scarth of the mounted
police sent messengers to Fort Selkirk in
hot haste to get ice saws, stating that
they had located a hole In the Ice through
which three men had been pushed and
that they were sure they had at least one
of the murderers in :jall at Selkirk. The
reference is of course to, O'Brien, who is
now serving a term for stealing scows.
The point where 'the 'bodies were located
is not close to the trail, showing that the
theory that they had been traveling on
bicycles behind one another, and through
an accident were precipitated ¦ into tho
river, is untenable.' 'On the lower
stratum the Ice is discolored with human
blood.'
' The Alaskan says:
"There is other evidence. Near the spot
of the burial was found a broken
"brother*/ sleevelink and a pocketknlfe,
both of -which are particularly identified
as belonging . to young Relfe. Further
than this, a closer examination of the
cabin". near Minto, occupied at the time
of the .tragedy by O'Brien, has led to
other i discoveries. He had evidently
burned up a lot of wearing apparel, and
in* the embers have been found, buttons
that will probably be Identified.".
The Coroner's jury in the cases of Burt
Horton and his wife have returned a ver
dict of murder by Indians.
SAY THE BODIES .
WERE NOT FOUND
VICTORIA. B. C. March HL— Alaska ar
rivals here to-night cay there Is no truth
in the story of the finding of the bodies
oJC Clayson, Relfe and Olsen. TJiey'say
that while the Skaguay Alaskan pub
lished such a story. It later proved un
true:
FRESH STAMPEDE
TO STEWART RIVER
Special Dispatch- to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 21.— Arrivals
by the steamer Amur, which reached here
this morning with the startling news of
the finding of the bodies of the murdered
Clayson-Relfe-Olsen party, tell of astam
nede to Stewart River. That gold bear-
Ing stream, which has more fluctuations
than the majority of northern rivers. Is
now the Mecca of a great crowd of min
ers, who are rushing from near and far.
The people of Stewart have gone In a
body to a new find up the river. The dis
coverer ls» W. Suttle, who was. grub
staked by some Dawson parties and who.
in a spirit of pique at alleged mean treat
ment by them when he was ill, has made
the news of his find public: 1 He Is now
hurrying In, guiding Humboldt Gate* and
a large paTty of Dawsonians to the find.
Suttle says his discovery is on a tribu
tary of the Stewart and he claims to have
taken out J5OO In a few hours.
R. R. Rae and F. H. Nagle, with nine
Malamoot dogs and a basket sled, have
reached Skagway from Cape Nome. They
made good time, reaching Dawson from
the Arctic In thirty-four days' running
time and fifty-two days actual time, leav
ing Nome January 6. They report that
Nome residents are stampeding to creeks
between Cape York and Unalaklik. a dis
tance of 250 miles up and down the coast.
rttn »AiN JuA^CISCb ;cXLL, THURSDAY^ MARCH 22, 190 U.
The Eminent Kidney Specialist, Discoverer of Swamp-Boot, in His Laboratory.
Just as sure as the break of dawn
¦neans another day, so does pain In the
back indicate kidney trouble.
When your kidneys become weak and
are unable to throw off the waste In the
blood they clog up with poisonous mat-
ter, break down, cell by cell, and the
particles pass away in the urine. Then
the albumen, which makes rich, red
blood, leaks out, your system breaks
down and you have what is known to
ail mankind as Bright's Disease.
Bright's Disease is taking away more
lives to-day than any other known ail-
ment, except possibly consumption;
and yet with a little attention you may
prevent such a calamity at Bright's
Disease befalling you.
Are you fortified with the necessary
knowledge about Bright's Disease? Do
you know how to find out if there is
anything the matter with your kid-
neys? Here is a simple but sure test:
In the morning, on arising, take of
your urine about four ounces and put
it In a glass bottle; let It stand about
twenty-four hours, and if, on examina-
tion, you find any settling or sediment.
If it Is cloudy or if small particles float
in it, then you may be assured that
nature has warned you, and that your
kidneys need attention.
The mild and immediate effect of the
famous new discovery, Swamp-Root, Is
soon realized. It stands the highest for
its wonderful cures of the most dis-
tressing cases.
Swamp-Root is the discovery of the
eminent kidney specialist, and is not
recommended for all diseases, but if
you have kidney, bladder or uric acid
troubles, or diseases depending upon
these disorders, you will find SvC'amp-
Root Just the remedy you need.
Swamp-Root is used in the leading
hospitals, and is taken by doctors them-
selves who have kidney ailments, be-
cause they recognize in it the greatest
and most successful remedy for kid-
ney and bladder troubles.
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys-
tem right, and In order that all afflicted
may know its benefits, a special ar-
rangement has been made with the
San Francisco Daily Call by -which all
readers of our. paper who will send their
names and addresses to ,Dr. Kilmer &
Co., Binßhamton, N. V.. will be sent
absolutely free, by mail, a sample bot-
tle of Swamp-Root. Also a book of
vaJue treating of. all kinds of kidney
diseases and containing some of the
thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from sufferers cured.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root Is what you need you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and $1 size
bottles at the drup stores.
I. Dr. Parker's ! Cough . Cure. 7- One' dose win stop'
a oouffh. Never falls.*' Try It. ; Ail drngglsta. • ,
tTltr"" |f l>i*lTiiTliTiffWnifT liTni 1 1 in 1 iiiHiTlmifliillliiiiirti 1 11TI
[ Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j^ f=*Oß THE
fe^ CAPE NOME
Psd| GOLD FIELDS.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
Will Sail From San Francisco MAT 14th for th»
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Via Seattle. lea vlns there May 19th. Subse-
quent trips will ba trom Seattle direct, namely:
/u-i* list. July 21st and August 20th. Passen-
gers are advised to inspect the Senator befsrc
purchasing tickets via other . steamers, as her
second-class and steerage . accommodations are
superior to the first-olaas accommodations on
tnost of ' the steamers advertised for Nome.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company ias been
running Its , steamers to • Alaska — winter and
summer— for X years and Is the Ploieer Pa-
cific Coast Line. For further Information in-
quire ot J. F." TROWBRIDOE. Oreao Dock.
Seattle. Wasb. , N. -POSTON. - 143 W»»hln*ton
St.. Portland. Or. W. PARHI9. 124 Veil Sec-
ond St., Los Angeles. CaL • GOODAII* PER-
KINS A CO.. J Gen. Agents. 4 New Mcntgomery
it., or 10 Market st., Saa Francisco. CaL
MdBBinwMBsnnMMHMMM^H
CARNEGIE COMPANY'S
TRQUBLES ADJUSTED
Warring Interests Arrive at an
Agreement Which Needs Only
the Acquiescence of Frick. •
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J.. March 21.— The
conference held here between the rival In
terests in the Carnegie Steel Company of
Plttsburg has probably resulted In an
agreement of settlement of the stock con
troversy which has been Interesting- the
steel industry of the country for some
months. The Frick ' element was repre
sented by Henry Phipps, F. T. F. Lovejoy,
A. M. Moreland and Lawrence Phipps.
Andrew Carnegie participated in the
meeting, with Charles H. Schwab and D.
M. Clemenson.
The only fact given out was the Im
portant point that a. settlement nas been
reached agreeable to the Carnegie inter
ests and that the suit in court would be
withdrawn if : Frick himself confirmed the
agreement made. The entire party went
to New York to-night
PLAN OF A RAID.
LONDON,^ March- 22.— Spencer Wilkin
son in the Morning Post offers the follow
ing suggestion: "It may .be part of • the
plan of Lord Roberts to make a raid with
the mobile force Lord Kitchener is 'col
lecting at Prieska through : the • country
beyond the.Vaal River, where many Boer
parties are . scattered, and to recover
Kuruman from the Boer*. Such a raid
might be an effective means of "helping
Colonel Baden-Powell at Maf eking.'.'.
RUSSIA THEIR OBJECTIVE.
LONDON. March 22.— The Cape Town
correspondent of the Morning Post says:
"On the best authority I learn that the
reaJ objective of the Flscher-Wolmarens
'deputation Is Russia. I also hear that
they have. taken away all the secret in
criminating documents ¦ from '^Pretoria
thus making it difficult to Implicate Steyn
and the bunditea."
MACRUM'S CHARGES.
WASHINGTON, March 21.—Represent
ative Dinsmore of Arkansas to-day intro
duced a resolution requesting information
from the Secretary of State as to any
correspondence with Great Britain in re
lation to the alleged detention, openin?
and subjecting to censorship of official
correspondence addressed to Charles Ma
crum, late United States Consul in South
Africa.
Injury Proves Fatal.
BAKERSFIELD, March 21-rHarry At
chlson.'the 13-year-old boy who was acci-
dentally, shot by -a companion yesterday, 1
died from the effects of his Injury this
morning.. The weapon with which'the In-
Jury was inflicted was a target rifle.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
PALPITATION
. OF THE HEART
_ •
Is Most Serious and May
Result From Simple
Indigestion.
THE GREAT HUDYAN IS A POSI-
TIVE AND PERMANENT ,
There Is an Intimate connection between
stomach and heart. They • are both controlled
by. the same great nerve, therefore any disor-
der of one organ tends to affect the other.
One may readily see the folly of permitting
any disorder of digestion to run Its course un-
til dangerous disease ensues. ¦ .
Heart disease Is not the only danger. There
is.ulceration of the ''stomach, which may take
place after the - mucous membrane has ¦ b*en
subjected to a state of chronic ¦ inflammation.
Again we have cancer of the stomach.
It la so easy to overcome stomach trouble.
HUDYAN has proven itself a specific for "Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Catarrh of the Stom-
ach, Headaches, Bloating. Loss of Appetite,
Nervousness and the many symptoms due to
digestive disorders. ¦: '
HUDYAN cures are permanent.
' -• HUDYAN acts upon the liver, ¦, «trenjrthenlng
it and gently, stimulating I It, thus overcoming
constipation. . . JjKiKOKWtSffßtoi^iOM
HUDTAN acts upon tha many little glands
of : the ' stomach that secrete ¦¦ the .- juices con-
cerned In the digestion of food, increasing the
quality of those Juices, as well as tha quantity.
; - HUDYAN is for sale by druggists. 60c a
package or six packages for $2 SO. ¦
If. your druggist does not keep Hudyan send
direct to the Hudyan Remedy Co.. cor. Stock-
ton, Ellis . and Market eta., San Francisco, Cal.
\^_^_ — — i_^. o f t jj e H udytii) Remedy
I JJULIUrIO ( by letter or In person.
w— ¦ ¦ ,:»« Write your •ymptoms.
PORTO RICAN TARIFF
BILL GAINS STRENGTH
Friends of the Measure Confident
That It Will; Pass the :
Senate. . ¦
WASHINGTON. March 21.— The friends
of the Porto Rlcan tariff bill In the Sen
ate are ; more i confident ¦ than . ever j that
they will be able to pass the measure. It
is claimed that the quiet work which the
harmony committee has been doing •is
having effect and that 1 the opponents of
the tariff are not so determined as -they
were a short time ago. : The argument is
being made that, this being a Republican
measure. It ought not to be defeated by
Republican votes. .
. > v s . ¦ »
ESTATE TREATY DEBATED.
Amendments Defeated by Decisive
Votes in the Senate.
WASHINGTON. March 21.— 1n the exec-
utlve session of the Senate to-day two ef
forts to amend the treaty between the
United States and Great Britain relative
to ; the disposition of . estates were de
feated by- decisive -votes.; ; One of the
amendments offered was -to strike , out
section 5 of the agreement extehding the
same privileges to 1 each of the two na
tions in the matter, of acquiring or hold
ing property that may be extended to any
other nations. The motion to amend was
lost, 17 to 30. The other proposed amend
ment 1 related to the striking out of the
provision authorizing the Queen of Great
Britain or, the -President of the. United
States to " extend the provisions ;of the
treaty to dependencies of : the ' two coun
tries. ,'„ This 'was lost on a vote of about'
the same proportion as the other;
The principal speeches in support of the
amendments and in opposition to tho
spirit of the treaty were made by. Jones
of Arkansas, Turner of Washington." Pet
tlgrew and : Sullivan..- They - were replied
to ¦by - the Republican members 'of the
Committee on Foreign Relations. The de
bate was entirely legal in its scope. The
treaty will be taken up again to-morrow.
PLAN FOB A WORLD'S FAIR.
St. Louis Asks for an Appropriation
i- 1-";;^^:-.-'1 -";;^^:-.-' vbjr Congress.; , : ; '.V- - : - ¦],
WASHINGTON, March 2L—Representa
tive Lane of lowa to-day introduced. a bill
providing ! for; an- exposition -at St. Louis,
M0.,-. In :; 1963, ¦ to , celebrate , the V one hun
dredth anniversary of the purchase of the
Louisiana territory. The bill provides; for
a Government building to cost $400,000 and
also for the expenditure of $5,000,000 by the
Government when the exposition authori
ties shall have, raised $10,000,000. . Provis
ion Is made for the creation of a commis
sion and for other features giving the ex
position a national and international
scope.'.-'"-.--?"-'!' ¦:':*>;«> '.?;'---f^ -¦ •-: . : -,- •¦
Invited to Washington.
WASHINGTON, March '; 2L— A bill fa
vorably,: passed upon '• to-day ' by ; the ; Sen
ate Committee ; on Foreign Relations ? au
thorizes the President to invite the Inter*
national * Congress of Navigation to meet
in Washington In 190 L The congress meets
thiß year in . Paris. '
New Telephone System.
Special j Dispatch '; to The \ Call. • ;
H SAN j QUENTIN I PRISON.* March M —
A new, and f complete system of telephones
will ; in i 1 a ; ,f ew,-: days .supplant '•¦ the : inade
quate one; existing . In the prison ¦ at ; pres
ent. The plant ' has 1 arrived : at i the ; peni
tentiary '. and '•: will ibe* In '¦>. operation '; In > a
short- time.' ..The new system will connect
guard ; posts, . offices ¦> and gates, and will
no doubt prove to be a great convenience
to the; prison officials." '."
Bill Regulating Homestead Entries.
WASHINGTON, March 21.— The House
Committee on Public Lands to-day di
rected a favorable report on a bill allow
ing an unmarried woman who locates a
homestead entry on unplatted lands to
complete the entry after her marriage.
claimed that natives of Nicaragua in the
confidence of President Zelaya are buying
or receiving grants of lands in the eastern
part of the country in lots of from 30<W
to 4000 acres each. These operations, It
is pointed out. have become active since
the recent conferences between the Isth
mian Canal Commission and the Presi
dent and it is declared they indicate a
willingness on the part of the Government
to sell to the United States at an accept
able price a belt of land across Nicaragua
from ocean to ocean, having the canal
route as its long axis. Heretofore, it is
further said, the friends of the President
have been careless in regard to securing
lands at low rates in view of the con
struction of the waterway, with the ex
ception of havingsecured several hundred
thousand acres extending north from the
canal route to . Monkey Point on the
Caribbean Sea and west for a distance of
sixty or seventy miles.
PROBING MICHIGAN
MILITIA SCANDAL
Trial of ex-Inspector General Arthur
F. Marsh Begins at
Lansing. % . ' - ;
LANSING, Mich., March. 2l.— The first
testimony was taken ' to-day in the trial
of Arthur F. Marsh, ' ex-Inspector : . Gen
eral, for alleged complicity: In the State
military clothing . frauds. Two deputy
Attorneys General swore to-communica
tions between the Indicted ex-offlcers and
the Attorney General's office In reference
to the disposal of the clothing in; ques
tion.- The witnesses testified that the in
dicted military officers did not follow the
Attorney General's advice, which was to
turn over such clothing as the military
board desired to dispose of to the Board
of State Auditors. Records of the mili
tary board's proceedings were introduced
as evidence.
Governor Pingree was sworn as a wit
ness this afternoon and a letter which
had not heretofore figured in the case was
produced in evidence. It was signed by
the Governor* and addressed to Quarter
master General White, directing White to
enter into two contracts for equipping the
National Guard and to advertise for bids.
Governor Pingree said the letter was
genuine. He could not remember the cir
cumstances, nor could- he remember any
thing about it, nor recall .that any one
ever asked him to sign the letter. He
eald, however, that he would sign such
a letter s to-day if the Quartermaster Gen
eral asked him to do so. He did not know
that such a quantity of clothing was on
hand, nor that the board . contemplated
purchasing $60,000 worth of goods. ¦'¦¦
The prosecutor produced a letter read
before the Detroit corporation counsel,
which- 'is the office in which ' Colonel Sut
ton, one of the indicted men, is employed,
and had the Governor compare it with the
paper on which the order was written.
The paper appeared similar, the printed
letter-head having been torn from the or
der. - . -
The Governor stated that he ' never
dreamed that any . improper use was to
be made of the money received from the
tale of State clothing and Judge Cahill
stated on behalf of the prosecution that
no one ever entertained the slightest idea
that the Governor had any knowledge of
the affair.
ASSASSIN SHOOTS
AT A PARIS JUDGE
Litigant Attempts to Commit Murder
Because of an Adverse
Decision.
PARIS, March 21.— 1n the Palace of Jus
tice to-day an attempt was made' to mur
der the presiding Judge of the Fifth Court
by a druggist named Bardin,' who had
Just lost a suit. The Judges .had just
taken their seats I and the counsel in an
other case . had begun his speech when
Bardin aimed a revolver and fired three
shots at the Judge, who had a narrow es
cape, the bullets grazing his head. Muni
cipal guards threw themselves upon Bar
din and removed him to a cell,. while the
Judge, with perfect, coolness, said to
counsel: - . . ¦"¦-¦-' ¦¦-¦.'
"You - can continue, Maitre; it is noth
ing." , . •~ ¦ ¦ .-..
AGONCILLO REPORTS
A FILIPINO VICTORY
Claims That General Pa va Bouted
the . Americans Near .
Cubat.
PARIS, March 22.— The Intransigreant
has a telegram received .by -. Agonclllo,
Aguinaldo's envoy, announcing .that "• the
Filipino General Pava -has routed the
Americans near Cubat^ and taken the
town. "¦¦¦'. ¦ ' "."-'¦ .'•...¦:¦.
New Park for Petaluma.
PET AL.UMA; March 2L-/The Oak Hill
Cemetery in this city, one of the , oldest
burying-gTounds in the ' county ,"i will P, be
transformed , Into a city park. A . monu
ment erected by the State over, the grave
of the late Senator.Burnett will be. moved.
The Oak , Hill Cemetery has not been: in
use for years. **$t£€^toAH3ra: '. "•¦•.'<
Coin for the Soldiers.
'WASHINGTON.'- March Zll — Senator
Butler to-day Introduced a/i bill authoriz
ing ,the. distribution of the money : which
has ¦ been collected as *, court-martial = for
feitures In the volunteer, army, since July
1 1838.,amone the States of the Union for
the benefit of the soldiers themselves.VThe
total sum amounts to $88,131/ and .the- bill
provides for its pro-rata-' distribution.'
Death of Patrick Stapleton.
: PETALUMA; March 21."-f Patrick Staple
ton, an.old and respected* resident of this
city, died-last night." "He was 80 years of
acre and a native of Ireland. ¦ •
"CALL" READERS MAY HAVE A SAMPLE BOTTLE FREE.
Has Proven by Thousands of Triumphant Tests Its
Wonderful Success in Diseases of the Kidneys,
Bladder, Blood and Bright's Disease.
Swamp -ijjtoot Jhe Great Kidney Remedy
DB. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
brlghTsdTsease
SICK HEADACHE
A»o«ttlvel7 cored by tbeto
.Little Pills.
They also rtlleve Distress from Dyspeprfft,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet axakdy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste to the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain fn the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. ¦ {
Small Pin* Small Dose*
\ Small Price*'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
n 0-* ' *" '" " ***^^£c'i^ ¦
Bargains in
PIANOS
ENTIRE STOCK OF
HAMILTON-BANCROFT CO.
MUST BE SOLD
Uprights - 850 upwards
Squares* - S2O upwards
BYRON MAUZY
308-312 POST ST.
SHEET MUSIC HALF PRICE TO ALL
\! A\//\i . DR. PIERCES
£kmm&L fipptrip
St£^^^PS ILIUHiIu
•^MEt THIS BELT 19 WAR-
/T\V ranted to be the latest lm-
•-¦¦• ' * ¦-' proved, most powerful and la
all respects the best now manufactured in any
part of the world. Its equal does not exist. Tha
Galvanometer shows Its electric current to b*»
double that of any ether. Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
Double wire suspensory for men. It will cura
any disease on earth that it Is possible to curs
with electricity, and It cures when others fall.
Buy no belt till you see "Dr. Plerce's."
"Booklet No. J." free at office or sent by mail
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about it. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
. ._¦. 620 Market Street.
(Opp. Palace Hotel) BAN' FRANCISCO.
'Eastern Office— New York City.
DJLMALL'S fiELNYIGORATORggIg;
Flvt hundred reward for any ftjj^nf£f J
caaa w* cannot cur*. Thia secret
rem«dy atop* all losses In 24 a t¦» jf»
hours, cures Emissions, Impo- 9 lsU£
tency. Varleocele. Oonorrtaoea, 1 / t T-i ',. Km!
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost UM A4XI
Manhood and all wasting effects *wP__Jß3f'!
ot »elf-abusa or excesses. Sent ' — '
sealed. $3 bottle; I bottles. V>: iraaranteed tj
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN.
6TITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland.' CaL -Also
for sal* at 1073% Market St.. 8. F. All pri vat*
diseases quickly cured. Sand for free book.
BEND: FOR ' CIRCULARS AND TESTIMO-
NIALS OF. THE GREAT: HUDTAN..FREE.- :
Bailor-made suits at
MODERATE PRICES. ;.-.. j|O
./I make suits for-, 25
per cent less than other VvNrSj
'-! All-wool Business Suits ¦ A .» t ¦
#1. ->-%<) to 925 -"\t( ¦
, AU-wool ' Dressy Suits. ... • . -V»'X I ¦
;.. $2O to f4O ¦"TV/Vfc*
All-wool Pants WW' \B
$4.80 to « 13 ¦ A mt ¦
1 ; V Samples sent . free. -''¦.- ¦ T| '" H
''¦¦;. "-.: Fit guaranteed. ¦ fyllfi ntl
JOE ; POHEIM, ilii
The\Tailop, ; Mjjf?^^
- -11KM112 - Market- rt. s - '" & .
¦ 201-203 Montgomery si. &%•'§s&%%&.
2EPIDEMIC OF SMALLPOX.
Disease Breaks Out in Great Northern
£¦¦.'„-'¦¦¦¦¦>¦' Grading Camps. ' V ,
GREAT .: FALLB, Mont., March 21.—
Smallpox , has ; broken [ out ?In ' the Great
Northern '' grading '¦': ' camps . near X' Fort
Benton^ where' about 1200 imen are at
work: Thirty, cases have already been re
ported. - "¦-;¦ . ; r 2QKHBBBBte> ¦¦ ; : " /¦:¦'•'*¦.*¦'
RESIGNATION OF
WHEELER HELD
IN ABEYANCE
President in No Hurry to
i Let "Fighting Joe"
Withdraw.
"WASHINGTON, March , ' 21.— General
Wheeler called at the War Department
this morning and officially reported, his
return/ from the Philippines to Secretary
Root, <in ; accordance with the orders of
the department. It was expected that The
question of General TVheeler's ' future
military status would be determined at
this meeting. Secretary Root was bu
busy, ¦ however, with other Important
questions that it was concluded best to
defer the consideration of General Wheel
er's case to a more opportune time. The
matter probably will be 'settled within a
few days. Meanwhile the resignation of
General Wheeler from the volunteer army
will be held in abeyance t and the ques
tion as to his eligibility 'to a. seat In Con
gress will beneld up pending the settle
ment of his military status. ¦--¦¦-- ¦.:¦ -
. There ¦is a strong desire '-to' put the
names of General Wheeler and General
Lee on the retired list of the army with
the rank of ; brigadier general, ;but v the
carrying out of this plan requires special
legislation. ; The ; existing law 'prohibits a
man, 64 years of age from serving on, the
active list in the army. General Lee Is
over 64 1 and General Wheeler wlll.be 64, 1n
September. Only the , latter,\ therefore, is
eligible to appointment In the regular
army. - ' The short time he would have to
serve In case of appointment' ls made an
argument against such action. . Moreover,
the • desire of the President is to honor
both of the distinguished volunteer offi
cers in the same way. : .With | the conesnt
of Congress ¦ Jt ; would be possible to '. ap
point them : brigadier generals on " the re
tired list. \ Such action would enable them
to relinquish their present duties and In
sure their future welfare.
: - Following the precedent established in
the case of ? General Shatter, General
Wheeler may, continue on active duty in
definitely under his commission;*
but in case of his transfer to the regular
army ¦he would >be l obliged to relinquish
active duty ¦ upon ; reaching the age . of 64
years. ¦ There is reason ! to ' believe i> that
General Wheeler would be willing, to fore
go his rights to a seat in Congress under
existing conditions, providing, he" were;as
sured of an appointment •to the ¦ regular
army.* As " an officer on • the ; retired iist
there would be no question as to his eligi
bility to a seat in the national legislature
in case his former constituents desired: to
elect him.
Alpha May Not Sail.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VANCOUVER, 8.-C, March 21.— Ftom
a telegram received by United States Con
sur Dudley this afternoon from the Secre
tary of the Treasury at Washington It ap
pears impossible that the Canadian
steamer Alpha will be able to Ball for
Cape Nome at all. Two days ago the
Consul asked the department at Washing
ton if the Alpha would be allowed to
carry a Customs Inspector from Seattle
or Dutch Harbor to Cape Nome to act
there as a temporary Collector of Cus
toms and take duties due on goods shipped
by the Alpha. The reply to-day cited sec
tion 2971 of the Revised Statutes, which
provides that no foreign steamer shall
"unlode" at other than a port of entry,
and added that (he steamer Alpha cannot
carry freight to Cape Nome **under any
conditions." Consul Dudley says that It
appear* to him now that the only way the
steamer can go to Cape Nome is by spe
cial permit, such as she received from th»
department at Washington last year.
Fleet May Visit Portsmouth.
PORTSMOUTH. England, March 21-t
The Mayor of Portsmouth has received
from United States Secretary of the
Navy John D. Long a response to his let
ter to President McKlnley. Inviting -an
American fleet to visit Portsmouth. In
his reply Secretary Long says th» depart
ment has at present . made no arrange
ments for sending a squadron to European
waters, but later will undoubtedly do so.
and Cuban interests of the people of any
of the "dominant nations.
Situation Misunderstood.
.So little is the situation understood in
the United States that it . Is necessary to
explain the wide difference between Span
iards /and Cubans. The Spaniards "are
very largely the property-owning
and business class. They constitute 'the
conservative element 7 and the .worthy.
Things may go very badly and' they, raise
no clamor. The Cubans are professional
agitators— ne'er-do-wells, men with taint
ed records, largely negroes, fellows who
won't work and want office. They are the
restless, irresponsible element of the. coun
try. And they seem to make the public
sentiment — at least that which customar
ily gets diffused In the United States. The
Cuban, having drawn the assistance of
the United States, by his shrill alarms in
the name of patriotism, and having stood
by and drawn his rations while our sol
diers drove from his island the people in
power, is now furious that Uncle Sam
does not turn the reins of power over to
him without limitation and himself get
out. To that end the Cuban press— and
the distinction is always to be made be
tween Cuban and Spanish— is filled dally
with vituperation of Americans, and .the
Cuban . agitator finds . a ¦ favorite . epigram
in the expression that, Cuba, In the pro
cess of getting rid of one tyrannical Gov
ernment, has taken on another. Enter
prise Is pretty well at'a standstill.. Even
planting is not being resumed to its old
time extent. There is more encourage
ment to capitalists- from other countries
to come in and invest In enterprises than
to : Americans to do so. "With the well
defined antipathy, of the classes that are
likely to get control In the event of com
plete American, withdrawal. American in
vestment would be much more likely to
suffer, and so It comes about that Ameri
cans are getting no foothold and the peo
ple of other countries are taking greater
chances in the business of ', the island
than those who have the greatest right.
T. G. DANIELLS.
COEUR D'ALENE
INVESTIGATiOH
NEARS THE END
Prosecution Rests Its Case
Before the House Com
mittee.
¦ .- - • , ,-; '-+
Dsnied the Bight to Call Governor
Steunenberg's Official Repre
... sentatlve „aa a .Wlt
" .'/.''. ... ¦ - '- ness.
WASHINGTON, March 21.— The exami
nation of S. A. F. Gill was continued be
fore the Coeur d'Alene Investigation Com
mittee to-day. In response to Inquiries by
Representative Lentz, the witness told of
a visit to the "bull pen." '.At that time a
prisoner chanced to put his fingers
through n hole in the. side of the prison.
Thereupon, the witness said, a colored
soldier, who was on guard on the outside,
shoved his bayonet at the protruding fin
gers, inflicting a bloody wound.
A copy of the permit required of those
seeking work In the Cover d'Alene dia
trict was introduced. It recited at length
the facts concerning ,the holder, that he
was not a member of a union, and that he
took an oath to obey the law. The wit
ness said he had not taken out a permit,
regarding it as a badge of servitude and
unAmerican to require an oath to ¦ obey
the law. Representative Jett made ' the
point that the law; presumed that a citizen
obeyed. the law until otherwise proved.
•The cross-examination, was directed to
showing that the permit system was de
signed to .secure an orderly force of
workmen in the mines. The witness main
tained, however, that its effect was to
blacklist those who did not take out a
permit and also to make an "oligarchy or
aristocracy", of those in control of- the
permit system. - He said the class of min
ers had deteriorated under the system,
so that now women did ". not take the
night trains, as many drunken men carry
ing dirks in their, belts were on board.
i Representative ILenz 'produced a form
of warrant, which the witness identified
as the one in general use. It was in type
writing.'with blank spaces for the inser
tion of. names,* and directed that the per
sons named should be taken- and held for
violating the proclamation of the Gover
nor of Idaho, declaring martial law,- and
the rules and regulations of the military
district established thereunder.
Innocent Man Arrested.
¦•TV.- R. Shields, a commercial traveler,
testified to having been at St. Rogls.
Mont., 'some distance from the' Coeur
d'Alene trouble, when a miner named
Francis was placed under arrest by sol
diers. Shields said the townspeople stated
that Francis had worked there for many
months, including the time of the riot,
but he was. nevertheless, arrested ar.d
taken to the "bull pen."- The witness
testified to the harshness of the soldiers.
Lentz asked that Bartlett Sinclair tak-i
the stand. Sinclair Is the official appoint
ed by Governor Steunenberg to take
charge' of affairs in the Coeur d'Alene
district and his name has been most fre
quently used during the course of the in
vestigation. Chairman Hull said Sinclair
could not be called at this point as the
committee -had heretofore . determined to
hear all witnesses to support the chaiges
and there were several yet to be he.*rd.
An animated discussion followed. Sulzer
declared that the minority would not pro
ceed further if the committee insisted on
calling Young instead of ' Sinclair at thin
time. Capron of Rhode Island character
ized this as a threat.
By a vote of 9 .to 4 -the committee de
cided not to call Sinclair as a witness for
the prosecution.
Sulzer thereupon ' announced that the
prosecution would rest Its case. This
cleared the way for the opening of the
defense, but as". the hour was late the
committee adjourned , until to-morrow
morning, .when. It Is expected. Governor
Steunenberg will tbe called.
MORTALITY IN
PHILIPPINES
OVERRATED
Sensational Statements De
nied by the War De
partment.
Actual Average Death Bate Is Less
Than One Hundred a Month,
Not a Thousand as
Published.
WASHINGTON. March 21.— War De
partment, officials deny recently published
statements that General Otis' campaign
is costing upward of 10U0 men every
month. Recording to the official records
since the American occupation, June' 1,
ISMS, to February 17, 1900, the actual mor
tality in the army in the Philippines was
Co ofiicers and 1460 men, a total of 1525, or
at the rate of 74 deaths a month.
More details are contained in the report
of Colonel Woodbull, chief surgeon. His
report, however, does not extend beyond
the end of - the last calendar year. It
shows that up to December 1, IS9», the to
tal number of deaths were 58 ofticers and
12G3 men. Of this number 42 olttcers and
570 men died by violence and lb oincera
and t»3 men died of disease. Most of the
deaths by violence occurred in battle.
There were, however, 137 deaths from vio
lence outside of actual hostilities. It is a
singular fact that more than one-half of
the latter class were caused by drowning.
The total number of wounded without
fatal results during the period covered by
the report was 1767.
Surgeon General Sternberg says that
many of the alarming statements of dis
ease and death in the Philippines seem to
be based on the fact that large details of
contract surgeons are being issued to the
Philippines. The fact of the matter is
there is no particular increase of the num
ber of medical ofticers in the Philippines.
The contract surgeons now being sent
there are simply to take the places of
others whose contracts Have expired and
who are entitled to come home. He ad
mitted that twenty-four officers of the
medical department were on the transport
which sailed from San Francisco a few
days ago. but explained that they had
been gathering at San Francisco for sev
eral weeks, awaiting transportation under
orders issued in the" usual routine. ¦
WINSLOW'S ANSWER
TO BISHOP POTTER
BOSTON, March 21.— The statement
given out by Bishop Potter of New York
as to conditions in the Philippine Islands
as he found them has drawn forth a
letter from Irving Winslow, secretary of
the New England Anti-Imperialist
League, in which he says:'
The Anti-Imperialist League proposes to
stand loyally by the republic. As for the in
habitants of the Philippine Islands, we have
positive reasons for knowing that" the elements
that composed the admirable congress and
administration with which we should have
treated fourteen months ago still exist and can
easily be eathered together In sucn a manner
as to promise a reasonably rapid evolution to
ward native self-government, assisted by an
American alliance established by the neutraliza
tion of the islands. Permit, me to demur to
the conculslon to which you seemed to have
arrived In a very short space of time (four
days) and under circumstances not quite fa
vorable to fair Judgment— the environment of
an enemv*s camp. The majority of the civil
ized people of the Philippines, especially the
middle class, are neither friendly to the Amer
ican Government nor ready to come under It.
Notorious circumstances In the Island of Luzon
to-day contradict your Inference. We have rea
son to believe that our opinions are those of
the great mass of the common people of Amer
ica, thouch the "better" or commercial class
with us. as In th* Philippines, may be satis
fied with what is going on. Ignoranily hoping
It will bring them "Increased prosperity." In
short, our cause Is the cause of the plain peo
ple, whit* or brown, against avarice and am
bition hiding under the cloak of pseudo-philan
thropy. ,
REMEY PREPARES TO
START FOR MANILA
WASHINGTON, March 21.— Rear Ad
miral George Remey, who will relieve
Rear Admiral Watson in command of the
naval forces on the Asiatic station, ar
rived in the city from Portsmouth, N. H.,
and had a conference with Secretary
Long at the Navy Department to-day. He
will leave here to-morrow for San Fran
cisco, where he will take a steamer
about the Ist prox. for Manila. Rear Ad
miral Kempff, who will have command
of one of the divisions of the Asiatic
squadron, composed of vessels assigned
particularly to Chinese waters, will ac
company the . admiral across the Pacific.
Admiral Kempff was recently relieved
from the command of the Mare Island
navy-yard and Is now In San Francisco.
Admiral Remey has been succeeded in
command of the navy-yard at Portsmouth
by Rear Admiral B. J. Cromwell, former
ly president of the retiring board in this
city.
The; Agitator ;Is^ Again : Abroad; in -the. Land, and Botri
NatiyeS;(and Americans A;re Complaining
NON PARTISAN
MOVE FOR PEACE
IN KENTUCKY
Call Will Be Issued for a
General Convention in
Louisville.
Golden Makes Light of the State
ments Credited to Him and
Says He was Drinking' and
Talked Too Much.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. March 21.— A meet
ing was held here to-day attended by
leading citizens of this city and surround
ing cities. The object was to put on foot
a non-partisan movement looking toward
action to retrieve the reputation of Ken
tucky and obliterate the reputation the
present complicated state of affairs acd
acts leading to them have given It. *A
similar movement Is on foot in Loulsvllla
and Covlngton. So far the work Is bein*
done with more or less secrecy. It was
decided to-day to issue an, address to all
counties In the State, calling conventions
to select delegates on April 20 to a Stata
convention to be held in Louisville. April
24. Beyond this nothing definite was done.
F. W. Golden Is the cynosure of all eyes
In the Goebel murder Investigation. He
slipped Into Lexington last night, kept
himself hidden and was under surveil
lance of detectives all day to-day, defeat
ing the purposes of all except friends to
see him. He left this afternoon In a
buggy, presumably for Winchester, ac
companied only -by a detective. He was
absolutely inaccessible -to .outsiders . and
to friends even was silent as a sphinx.
According to Dr. A. C. Foster and H.
M. Steele of London, Ky.. who are. here.
Golden denies having told a portion of
what Is attributed to him. He explained
that he probably waa drinking and talked
too much. ¦•
To Steele Golden said: "Rumors gome
over the country are all a lie.. You will
find out later that I am telling you the
truth."- ¦¦ ••
Judge Robert Field of Perry County
came here from BeattyvUle to-day. On
the train he made a statement that ha
was In Beattyville, the home of "Tallow"
Dick Combs. He went to the barber shop
where Combs works and heard Combs say
that he was not hiding or in any wa7 try
ing to avoid arrest: that he was. at work
every day and would make no. attempt to
escape if the officers wanted . him. Ho
said he could prove where he was every
hour of the day on which Goebel waa
killed and that he was not afraid of the
TaS^KFORT, Ky.. March 21.— The re
port that special trains would be run from
various mountain counties to bring
crowds here Friday, the day set for the
examining trial of Caleb Powers. John
Davis and W. S. Colton. charged with
being accessories to the Goebel assassina
tion, caused a stir here. Adjutant Gen
eral John B. Castleman arrived here to
night in response to a telegram from Gov
ernor Beckham and a conference of the
Democratic leaders was held, lasting sev
eral hours. Local railroad ' men were
called in and asked concerning the report
that crowds were to be brought here, but
what information was gained from them
on thi3 point is not known. County Attor
ney Polsgrove spent to-day In Lexington
in conference with Wnarton Golden. The
latter has not been summoned as a wit
ness for either side, but the prosecution
are expecting him to come here Friday
without a summons.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
l 3 tr^. GI /^* T RESTOKATIVE. INVIGOKA-
¦ «cr end Nervine.
rlnl S^ a , tt K WW o ndertul *Phrodl«tae and Special
T?f m J,i? c xual Oceans for both ««xes.
*Jh .^? u^J KrmHiy for Dl«ease. ot ths Kld-
f v a «U» <Mer ; rJ*"' on »t» *""> merits.
••* w^£ EI V AL £ B * BRUXK. Arenta,
XX Market street. S. F.-tSend for Circular*.
Death of Mrs. White.
Speclil Eispatch to The ' Call.
TACOMA, Wash., March 2L— Sudden
death came to-night to Mrs. Peter White,'
wife of the lumber dealer residing in San
Francisco.- They formerly lived at Pasa
dena,' She came here early in the winter
for : - her health "and at -times' has; been
very 111. Last week she was able to be
out.: : Last. night* she was attacked with
heart failure,. becoming worse until she
died. .-¦'.¦•.:¦. ."I:: ;¦¦;;• :-. " " ,V ¦"-.
Baokaohe.
So many women surfer from it. It
mars alike their hours of work and
pleasure. Backache is generally a
symptom of derangement of the deli-
cate womanly organs. It is useless
ammm ,mmm ¦¦ oaa therefore to
app 1 y plasters
-r;;ji.i and similar local
fcUpO^w treatments. A
TraJs^jAtfF cure can on^'
/^SSr^T * >c e^ ecte<^ when
I S fc %B}sB ache is removed.
JL A^ The use of Dr.
IT%» Pierces Favor-
I tBl j ite Prescription
I 3«^^ "^^ cure the
/^ t »^^V^_ drains, the in-
'"Cs-*"^' flammation, ul-
ceration and
MS&M^'M'. displacement
Jp^W $&////'//, which cause
§&MxwMlm ache> headache
B^yS|BSSMG» I anc * man 7 o<k -her
i S^Btgaii* ¦// aches and pains.
« Favorite Pre-
[// \ \ scription w con-
/ / IV tains no alcohol
/ / I and is absolutely
/II \ free from opi-
| I urn, cocaine and
I •/ other narcotics.
\ \ a It agrees with
1 ' the most deli-
"^ cate persons.
¦ I took your rn«lidne six' months and I feel
now like a new person," write* Miss Annie
Stephens of Brtlvifle. Wood Co.. W. Va. " Hare
•m backache no headache, no pain anywhere.
I took srren bctlkc of Dr. Pierre's Favorite Pre-
scription, end oeven bottles of his ' Golden Med-
ical Discovery. 1 I think there i* no medicine
like Hr. Pierce*. I can't «peak highly enough
of your medicine for it has done me so much
rood. 1 don't feel tired as I used to, nor sick. I
feel well and think there is no medicine equal
to Dr. Pierce* Favorite Prescription."
The Medical Adviser, 100S page* sent
free on receipt of stamps to pay expense
of mailing only. Send 21 one -cent
stamps for paper covers, or 31 stamps for
cloth, to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buflalo, N. Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SALOON-KEEPER SHOT
BY A HIGHWAYMAN
Robber Secured All His Victim's
Beady Cash and Hade. His Es
cape Into the Woods.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
TACOMA, March 21.— At Buckley a self
possessed young highwayman shot and
killed a saloon-keeper he had just robbed,
rather than allow the latter to seize his
gun and turn" the tables on him, to-night.
At 9:30 o'clock Nels Moe, proprietor of the
Senate Saloon, was leaning over his bar
talking to Ole Foside. Foside finished his
glass of beer and started home by . the
back door. Just as he reached it a stern
voice from the rear commanded him to
halt and throw up his hands. Turning he
saw a robber leveling a gun at Moe. The
robber ordered Moe to give him all the
money in his till and pockets.
Moe hesitated, but another look Into the
muzzle decided him. The robber received
every cent. As the latter turned to es
cape Moe reached over the bar and en
deavored to seize a- gun. Quick as a wink
the robber pulled the trigger and fired. A
ball went crashing into Moe's brain, strik
ing him In the forehead over the left eye.
Frightened at his crime the robber turned
and fled. Foside then took down his up
raised hands and hastened to Moe's side,
at the same time giving the alarm. Moe
had staggered out from behind the * bar
and into the street. Feeling himself too
weak to go further he turned back and
fell dead on his threshold.- Large pools of
blood were found where he fell and behind
the bar.
The robber had crossed the railroad
tracks and got Into the forest beyond be
fore any start could be made to appre
hend him. All nearby towns were fur
nished with his description by telephone,
and it is believed he will be captured. An
hour after the shooting ¦• a large posse
started out to search for him, headed by
James McNelley. Justice of the ' Peace.
The robber was dressed, smooth
shaven and wore no mask.
' Moo was about 30 years old and unmar
ried. He had lived in Buckley for eight
years, being well liked by the loggers and
miners, who are anxious to avenge his
death. The highwayman secured about
$100.
DUBLIN SENDS THANKS.
Pleased at the Treatment of the Lord
Mayor in America.'
WASHINGTON. March i 21.— The Presi
dent haa received a , copy of a; resolution
recently adopted unanimously by, the Mu
nicipal Council of the city of Dublin. Ire
land, as follows: ,
" Resolved. That this Council of the corpora
tion of the city of Dublin places on record its
high appreciation of the honor conferred 1 on the
I»rd Mayor bx the President . of i the United
States on the occasion of his recent visit* to
¦Washlneton and the warm reception , extended
to . him. And also to the . Governors -of the
States and Mayors who granted -him the free
dom of their several cities; to the eovernor of
the navy yard at Brooklyn, and,- generally, to
the citizens of the United States for their gen
erous hospitality.
VOTE ON LOUD'S
BILL IS LIKELY
TO BE CLOSE
House Still Debating the
Californian's Mail
Regulations.
WASHINGTON. March 21.— During the
debate in the House to-day on the Loud
bill, relating to second-class matter in the
mails, there, was a sharp exchange be
tween McPherson of lowa and Lentz (D.)
of Ohio, over a charge made by the for
mer that the latter was the attorney of
the lobby which is fighting the bill. Other
wise the debate was without incident.
Both friends and opponents of the meas
ure express the belief that the vote will
be close. Loud has agreed to accept two
amendments, one to increase the ¦ number
of sample copies which newspapers may
send out at second-class rates from 500 to
2000 and the other to limit the provision
requiring the newspapers to *¦ separate
their mail to 'those having in excess, of
5000 circulation. These are all ; the con
cessions he. will make. He says the de
bate has strengthened the bill and he be
lieves it will pass. •?• t-} •:.¦¦
War Department Accused.
Upon the- authority of the Governor of
Alaska, Turner of Washington made -the
statement In the Senate to-day that con
cessions for gold-mining In the bed of the
sea near Nome, Alaska, had been granted
by the Secretary of War, and upon that
statement. he. based a resolution of in
quiry. Senator Turner said If -such r a.
grant had been made It was a "shame, a
reproach and a scandal." The resolution
was agreed to: .v ¦¦ ¦'¦¦•'. „, " ,
In a few minutes and without discussion
the additional urgent deficiency . bill was
passed with one or two other measures of
importance. Allison gave notice that he
would • call up to-morrow the I conference
report •on the Porto Rico appropriation
bill. ' ¦:."; *' "¦ "¦ . ' '¦¦-$?
LOVE FOR ONE MAN
CAUSES TWO SUICIDES
Wife df an Indiana . Citizen and Her
Rival End Their Lives With
Poison. .*..- •»-' •
Special Dispatch: to The; Call. '. / ¦ •
AUBURN, 1 , Ind., « March' 21.— Stella Har
rington, married, and \ Lydia Jordan,'' un
married, young women ' of ; Elkhart, took
morphine last night I with | suicidal intent.'
Miss Jordan died, leaving a note proclaim
ing her ¦ love i for Mrs.** Harrington's hus
band; who was in her company during the
evening. Mrs. Harrington, who is still
alive; will not give any reasons for the
affair. '¦ ?Ss«SS33S5S*3«£ : w : '
Death of Dr. Moore.
BENICI A. : March 21.— Dr. ; •William .A.
Moore, a prominent dentist and . secretary
of the State Board of Dental Examiners,
dropped dead 'in his office this morning
at 8:30 o'clock.
DEATH CLAIMS
REVOLUTIONIST
VOLNEY ASHFORD
Passes Away at His Home
in Oakland After Brief
Illness.
'Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, "March 21.
Volney V. Ashford, Who was prominent
ly identified with the troubles In Hawaii
which led to the overthrow, of the mon
archy,, died to-night after a brief Illness
at his residence, 254 East Seventeenth
street. : - He had resided in Oakland for a'
year and a half. He was 54 years old
and a native of Canada. >.'-¦ i : "r'.\i''
, Deceased .was an "attorney, . and. was
legal adviser to the Hawaiian crown for
many; years. After the dethronement of
Queen Liliuokalanl; he became prominetly
identified with the movement ¦ to restore
the „. monarchy with ;¦' Kalulani •,-.¦¦ on t • the
throne.- He was- arrested and sentenced
to one year's imprisonment, but was re
leased ! before the ¦ expiration of his term
on i condition that he would , leave > the
Islands." ¦
¦ Mr. Ashford always maintained that he
had been unjustly treated: by the provin
cial government. He admitted that he fa
vored a restoration of the monarchy with
Princess; Kalulani on the throne, ¦> as he
believed such a form of government would
unite all elements In the islands and com
mand the respect of the foreign powers.
Death of an Old Soldier.
Special Dispatch 1 to The Call
SAN DIEGO, 1 March 21.— Patrick O'Neil,
for forty-eight, years ,a resident of old
San Diego and twice a soldier in the ser
vice of his adopted country, died this
morning at 5 o'clock, after having beon
111 for eight years with paralysis. De
ceased was born in Tyrone, Ireland, m
August, 1822. 'At 20 he came to this coun
try and six years later enlisted at Phila
delphia ¦ for * five years and was sent
around the Horn on the clipper ship Sea
Queen. He wa? one of the party which
went out to make treaties with the In
dians of the San Joaquln Valley, and as
such was- one. of the founders of Fort
Miller, named after the major, otherwise
known as Millerton, the first county seat
of Fresno County. On being discharged
at the end of his service, he came to San
Diego and resided here ever since. He
owned- considerable property at the -old
town. and during the boom was accounted
rich. He was also a soldier during the
Civil War In a company of the Second
California "Volunteers. • The funeral will
be held . to-morrow.
ELEVATOR FALLS
WITH THIRTY PERSONS
Occupants Injured by a Drop From
the Third Floor to the Basement
of a Chicago Building. _
CHICAGO, March 2L— Thirty persons
were Injured shortly after 6 o'clock this
morning by the falling of a freight ele
vator in the rear of the building at 128
Market street, where the victims of the
accident were employed by the Blakeley
Printing Company. It is thought none of
the injured will die, although several were
badly hurt. Following are the most se
riously injured: George Hale. Albert
Christian. Joseph Hoffman, Albert Selfert,
Ernest Hems, James Delaney, Walter
Hartwig, Patrick Foley, Edward Levl,
James Thomas, George Wenkes, John
Rambo. John Hall, Edward Tavill, Ed
ward Wolf, Edward King, Louis Stan ton
and George Cotnpton.
The men had worked all night in the
printing shop and had crowded into the
elevator at the top floor. The big ele
vator moved slowly down until the
third floor was reached. Then, according
to Harry Olson, who had taken hold of
the rope which set the machine going,
something snapped, and an Instant later
the lift, filled with its mass of agon
ized victims, crashed Into the basement.
"First aid to the injured" work was
toon given In a neighboring building, to
•which the victims were taken, but it was
some time before a sufficient number of
ambulances were procured to remove the
Injured to their homes, or, In the more
serious cases, to the hospital.
The accident was caused by the
breaking of the engine In the base
ment.
Free Coinage Amendment.
WASHINGTON, March 2L— Senator
Morgan to-day introduced' an amendment
to the Porto Rican bill providing for free
coinage of silver. It is limited to the
American product.
HAVANA, March 10.— Secretary of
War Root has paid a visit to Cuba
which is believed by many Ameri
cans residing here to have more
significance than a simple official
dropping in to see how things are getting
along.
As the time for the elections approaches
It is becoming more and more clear that
the United States Government cannot
wholly withdraw its forces and turn Cuba
over to the Cubans for self-government
upon their taking their first step in that
direction. The Cubans see that as well
as the Americans, and are becoming
restive, while the Americans in civil life
are becoming uneasy. It is plain to
everybody that should the United States
withdraw all but its moral support, there
would very soon be an Infinitely worse
condition on the island than prevailed
in the darkest days of Spanish i rule.
There have been such open mutterings at
this palpable fact that It Is more than
likely thai Secretary Root has made the
tour for state reasons. Certain It is that
the opportunity was improved to have a
series of military reviews, the first and
by far the most pretentious that; have
been had since the soldiers of the^ United
States were first quartered in Cuba. •'_¦_.
The military camp at Havana is located
at Quemados, about eight miles from the
city. It is on high ground, where a cool
ing breeze blows from the ocean, a mile
or two to the, west. The Spanish . bar
racks were in the heart of the city, but
the Americans Went down the west coast
to a most airy and well drained location,
and there established a permanent post
and named it Camp Columbia. At this
nost there are now 4000 or 5000 troops, and
they appear to find the climate agreeable,
for a finer body, physically, certainly
nev<»r fell under the eye of the Secretary
of War. .
Impressing the Cubans.
General Lee, commanding the district,
NEW CUSTOM-HOUSE IN HAVANA.
has" headquarters at Quemados, in a fine
Spanish house, and General \ Wood occu
pies the Governor General's palace in' H
avana. Both , the generals, and Ludlow,
Rathbone and a number of lesser digni
taries, accompanied Secretary Root, and
the occasion was, made a gala day by the
residents of Havana!*
Two infantry regiments, a battery and
a cavalry regiment passed -in review.
After the formal review the troops were
put through evolutions, which Americans
believe were Intended especially to im
press the Cubans. The cavalry ma
neuvered and the" artillery • showed un
common proficiency in unllmbering and
firing volleys. The Infantry went through
a setting-up process that betokened great
proficiency in drill, all of which is be
lieved to have had effect on the Cuban
understanding. . .-"¦¦. y t~ y :j :
The situation here. ls one that is about
as unsatisfactory to Americans as it- is
possible to be. The United States Govern
ment finds itself in the position of guaran
teeing everything and benefiting in noth
ing. In the first place there appears to
have been an entire misconception in the
American mind of the nature of the Cu
ban insurgents. There" was a class of
half-informed people which delighted to
expatiate upon Cuban "patriots," ground
under the heel of despotism; of a- people
seeking freedom even as did the "Ameri
cans in 1776. The national sentiment' was
thus worked up and ; intervention pro
voked. When. the American soldiers land
ed and attempted to co-operate with the
insurgent forces they saw how very far
from ideal heroes the men were who were
making pretense of - liberating a ¦ nation.
These people were found to be of no use
In real fighting, such as was necessary to
vanquish the Spaniards. About all the
military relations, with the Cubans that
could be sustained by our forces was -to
issue rations to -them— and. the American
Government has been doing that in ef-
feet, ever since. As | recompense it has
gained the undisguised hostility of the
Cubans, and its people to-day stand In
the most unsatisfactory relation* to Cuba
CUBA IS NOT YET READY
FOR WITHDRAWAL OF TROOPS
I Special Correspondence of The Call.
UNITED STATES
ACTING ON ITS
OWN INITIATIVE
Berlin Rumor of a Naval
Demonstration Off Taku
Denied.
»
This Government Will Continue on
Its Policy to Work Alone in
the Protection of Its
Citizens.
BERLIN. March 21.— An official agency
to-day gave out a Washington dispatch
setting forth that the American warship
sent to Taku Is Intended to participate
in an eventual joint naval demonstration
should China persist in her refusal to
suppress the sects hostile to Christians.
A high official of the German Foreign
Office made the following statement this
evening:
"Germany does not Intend for the pres
ent an extension of the German sphere of
influence in the Shantung province of
China. Certainly, however, she will en
deavor to maintain order there and to
prevent her own and also the American
and French missionaries in the province
being disturbed or interfered with, but
just at the moment everything in Shan
tung is quiet and no expeditions are oc
curring or being planned."
LONDON. March 21.— The Foreign Office
to-day says there is no truth in the story
emanating from Berlin in regard to an
alleged joint naval demonstration should
China persist in refusing to put -a stop
to the hostilities against Christians in
that country.
America Is Acting Alone.
WASHINGTON. March 21.— The fact
that the State Department has consist
ently, throughout the many uprisings in
China, necessitating the presence of for
eign warships, adhered to its policy of
acting alone, is quoted here as sufficient
to indicate the error in the statement
connecting the presence of the \\ heeling
¦with an internatnonal demonstration. It
is pointed out that in the past the United
States has undertaken to protect all
Caucasians— European and American
near the port where they might be in
time of disturbance in China. Thus the
little gunboat Petrel was kept all of one
winter at Newchwang guarding not the
resident Americans alone, but Europeans
as well. The warships of foreign powers
have looked after the protection of Amer
icans as well as of their own people dur
ing the operations of one of the Chinese
secret societies. But in each case the
rule has been observed that the United
States was acting on its own motion, and,
therefore, it cannot be stated that in the
present instance the commander of the
Wheeling will act upon directions from
his own Government without being a
party to any international demonstra
tion.
THE S AST- FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 22, 1900.
S V
nmiaociiiiiiiiiiiniEf
:«-2ErTBEEOIUrS:
, Indigestion, <> • . ¦}¦> ¦ m ,
¦ Biliousness, <; rILLa •
! <2rk HaaHaHia \ GettoepHuuneifroa 1
' ip™* !F™~V I~»I ~» f ri>.^*?t *° *• cured. f r '
[ . lm ¦aa*'wonen or v 10 cents A 25 coats, '
," cfcttdrM, cared by] <'.?;« at drugstore*. ?
111 l 11 1 111 1111 l 11 11 1111 l
This is the Strand
t It is something like the cutaway frock, but Is shorter and has out"
-?}:i side pockets, sit makes a very dressy business suit, and is made for
'just this purpose. It is one of those suits and overcoats that we are j
making to order for $13.50. We' off ;r' you a number of patterns to -
. choose from— among them some neat light ones tor spring.
; Out-of-town orders for ihese suits and overcoats filled carefully and I
promptly. Send for self-measuring blank," samples and catalogue No. 2. ¦
718 Market St; Vand Cor. Powell and Eddy. I
¦ New . Use for Wireless Telegraphy.
,' - Wlrelesa i telegraphj^ haa ¦ had :a ; new demon-
stration of usefulness :; by < the . captain . . of , a
lightship, who ¦ used It after 1 ordinary signals
had :¦ failed, ';. to . notify,-, the i shore authorities lof
dancer.' :' In ia , like manner . Hostetter's ' Stom-
ach , Bitters.' the : famous . dyspepsia cure, acta
when . all ] other medicines . fall. Its 'superiority
is quickly felt •In the renewal of strength. It
regulates the bowels. Improves the appetite,
and cures Indigestion. .•» Try It." :¦ ¦...,:.- ..
3B OG Ri>'B
• /"CAT OTt BARREL."\
. V LONDON. Eg GL AND. / . /
OLD TOJVIj DRY
and SLOE GINS
ORANGE
BITTERS.
•' '" ' *¦¦¦ r'i'A " \-i-'--
CHARLES MJgMBCKJ A CO.. ' '
AGENTS. tU Bacramento at, B. F^ CU.
10:25 am
pm ¦-
. 6:23 pm
f-JMam
1:80 pm 1:00 am
Leave
Ban Francisco.
Week Sun-
' Days. days.
Monroe in Prison.
Fpeeial Dispatch to The Call
ROSEBURG. Or., March 21.— "Deputy
Sheriff D. W.- Crosby- brought down. from
Riddles last night Jackson Monroe,, tv ho
was held in the Ftim of $2500 for trial- be
fore- the Circuit Court for shooting an
other miner 'named Coates near Canyon
ville Sunday last- v: : - : '. i •* , "¦<*'
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
P»cond race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward :' selling. .- ¦ : ... ...._. -,
942 Jingle Jing1e..... 103 962 Olinthus ./.. 102
(¦<Wso)Rosalbra ...10S 954 Peace 100
(%2)Afghan 11l 952 Sister Alice 103
962 Jennie Reid..... 106
Third race— One mile; handicap.
(96«)Dalsy F ;....109'(950)Venton» 109
950 The Fretter 107 j 913 Roslnante 105
936 Erwin 941 950 ConatM'atof S3
¦ Fourth race— Mile and three-eighths; three
three-year-olds and upward; polling.
955 Tappan lt>7 901 Judge Wofford..lol
951'Twlnkler 107 (356) Catastrophe 107
937 Hardonic 105 795 Oraibee 101
856 Topmast .103
Fifth race— Two miles; handicap.
931 Ftorte 108 951 Ulm 100
94* Durward lftO 552 Weller 99
951 Tom Calvert 98 79T..Oralbee 95
9f,7 Atticus :......... 95 348 Fi Fi 95
936 Anchored ...,;"... 33|
Sixth race— One mile;" three-year-olds and up
ward. |
933 Flamor* ..:... ...101 924 Norford .........101
5>57 Edgardo 93 (946) Dr. Nembula.'. ..115
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Saketo, Combermere, Intreplto. -
Second -race — Afghan, Jennie JlelA, Peace. ;¦¦
Third race— Constellator, Daisy F, The Fret
ter. '. • -. \
I Fourth raca— Catastrophe, Twlnkler, Topmast.
Fifth race— Forte, Welter, ; Ulm.
1 Sixth " race— Dr. Nembula, Flamora, \Norford.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. . J v the famous food-drink that physicians recotn-
A^/4- 4m .h/--jL* jmm ~ mend to nursing mothers, the convalescent,
V/lJtZtV+y $114/Jt7l& the aged, the feeble, is made by this association.
RACING COURSING BIG SPORTING EVENTS BOXING GOLFING
CORRIGAN FINDS
A PLACE FOR AN
OUTCAST BOOKIE
Secretary Green Gives More
Information About
Tanforan. .
Says Western Turf Association Keeps
Its Agreements When
Thereby, but Otherwise
Ignores Them.; ./''
YOUNG DOGS AND
OLD TO COMPETE
AT UNION PARK
Rich • Stakes -Attract Fast
; Greyhounds; in Large
Numbers.
On^ Hundred' and Thirty-Two Ca
¦ nines Will Go to the Slips.
. Coursing To-Day at
:C« ;> Ingleside Park.
It developed yesterday during the trial
of the suit ¦whereby Hyraan Greenberj;
eeeks to recover damages from the West
ern Turf Association that 60 long as they
contribute to the coffers of Tanforan race
track Corrigan and his associates c&re
not who occupies their pool boxes or hovr
brazen they become in their systematic
fleecing of the gullible portion of the pub
lic. Fred H. Green, secretary of tho
Western Turf Association, was on the
Et&nd again yesterday and contributed a
lew Interesting facts regarding the mac
tpement of Tanforan. Plaintiff, was will
ing to contribute additional facts of a
similar nature, but on the vigorous ob
jections of defendant's counsel he "was
not allowed to tell his story in Its en
tirety.
When the case was called Greenberg
was put on the stand and examined at
length by his attorneys, Edward C. Har
rison and Matt Sullivan. Greenberg U>l4
again the story of the manner in which
he was thrown out of Tanforan and how
he was even denied the right of entry into
the Oakland race track, "for the manage
ments of the two tracks had agreed to
enforce rules made by each." After con
cluding his story of the treatment he had
received at the tracks in answer to coun
sel's questions Greenberg proceeded to set
at rest Secretary Green's assertion that
the reason witness was denied the privi
lege of getting information at the track
upon which to compile his racing guide
was "that the Western Turf Association
was anxious that only reliable news
ehould go out to the public.
The court, however, refused to allow the
matter to be gone into in detail, ruling
that it was not an issue in the case at bar.
Green was the next witness, and al
though somewhat hostile gave some rare
Information, lie explained his action in
Issuing orders for the exclusion of Green
berg by saying "the managements of the
two tracks adhered to their agreement to
enforce the rules made by each other."
Mr. Sullivan asked Green If It was not a
fact that Joseph Rose had been ruled off
the Oakland track, but was now occupy
ing a prominent position among the
bookies at Tanforan. Green said Rose
was not ruled off the Oakland track, but
simply warned away because he had been
charged with having bribed Jockeys. As
he was not convicted of bribery the man
agement of Tanforan took no cognizance
of his alleged offense and allowed him to
cell pools at Tanforan. Green was then
asked to produce the books of the corpor
ation of which he is secretary, that the
daily receipts and expenditures of the
track might be definitely determined. He
did not heve the books in court, but this
morning he will bring them and make the
f.gures tell the true story of the financial
condition of the Western Turf Associa
tion.
Captain Callundan next took the stand
and told how he arranged his troops to
exclude Greenberj? from the track. George
H. Green, one of Callundan's men, who
threw Greenberg *ut, after tossing: several
bouquets at his prowess and great phys
ical strength and casually remarking that
had h« hit Greenberg the latter, would
have been carried out hors de combat,
«aid that when he saw Greenberg at the
track he took him by the collar and an
other portion of his clothes, while Officer
Newman grasped two other portions, and
they dragged him to the gate and put him
out.
George \T. Pranks, a traveling man. tes
tified that he saw the officers put Green
berg out. Franks said the officers tore
Greenberc's clothes, and after cutting his
reck with their nails in search of a firm
rrip dragged him backward to the turn-
FtJles and hurled him out of the track.
Mr.' Briggs testified to the same facts,
after which an adjournment was had un
til this morning.
'¦ The two stakes at Union Coursing Park
this week attracted a \ total entry of 132
greyhounds.. "Of -these Jiinety-slx will go^
..to the '-'slips" in, the open slake and thir-~
, ty-six ; In the" puppy. The highest I class
greyhounds in training will be in the run
ning. UThe' total, prize money is' slo42 50,
divided as follows: . Open stake— To Hhe
winner, . $110; • runner-up, $70; ¦- third,',- $50;
three at; $30 each;slx at,s2o;.l2'at $15. and
24 at, slo.- "Puppy stake— To. the winner,
$50; runner-up, $30; third, $20; 2 at $15 each;
4 at $30 and 6 at: s22 50. , The 'draw last
night resulted as, follows: " l
~ Open > Stake,' -ninety-six dogs— Curtis 'A Sons'
Beacon vs. Curtis & Sons' Terronlte; A..John
son's Bald Easle vs. Curtis & Sons' Cavalier;.
P. Horgan" s Lucretla • Borgia : vs. F. *- A. Mc-
Comb's Motto; Curtis & Son's Maud S vs. R.
L.Taylor's Rowdy Boy; T.Logan's-Mtss.Griz
«le,VB.; G.^H. Helntz's Herschel's i Pride; 1 M.
Dunlea's Erin vs. J,^ Carroll's Red Hlnd; v E.
Caseerly's Lady Blanche vs. E. Vanderwhite's
Cymro; J. M. Halton's Corin's Flashlight 1 vs.
D.-. "Winders'/ Random Aim;' D. .Toland's Twi
light Jr.' vs.H. H. Qray'B Rona;.T. J. Cronjn's
Maid of Bail 'vs. 'W.'.H.' Scheper's The : Exile:
T. J. < Cronln's Rose of - Tralee vs.' Lande ¦ &
Oerber's-Rlenzl; Curtis & Sons'-- McKinley vs."
W. F. ¦ Hobb's. Mercy, May; -T. J. Cronln's
Thornhill vs. D. Toland's Pleasant Girl; J.~H.
Ptrigo's.* Lady Davenport vs. J. H. * Harrison' s
Hot' Haste; iT. Logan's. Leah-vs. Gus Aber
crombie'S; Rock- Island' Klng:'J." H. . Perigo's
Controller vs. F. A. McComb's- Royal: Flush;
J. ¦ P. Thrift's St. Michael vs. J. P. Thrift's
Forget; • Georgs Whitney's Theron, vs. J. Ken
nedy's Wine West; Russell, Allen &:WilEon's
:Palmflower vs. R.. E. de . B. Lopez's Wonder:
J. Sheridan's Forest King vs. Pasha Kennels'
.Royal' Anne: • J. H. Perigo's Bohe vs.' J. It.
Smith's. Pe'tronlus; Maher & Reid's Bad Boy
vs. Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead; R. E. de
B. Lopez's Green Valley Maid- vs. -Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Master Clairr Curtis & Sons'
Terrona vs. E. Geary's Palo Alto; H. Lynch's
Lottie M vs. N. Biggs'- Galway , Lass; K. E.
de B. Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa vs. •J. L. i ßoss'
Jessica: H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence vs." R.E.
de B. Lopez's Whitehead; H. Lynch's Lexing
ton vs." H. H. Gray's Terronette; J. Keenan's
Royal Oak vs. F. A. McComb's Little Sister:
Curtis & Sons' Vulcan vs. Pasha Kennels'
Metallic; Pasha Kennels' : Rest Assured vs.
Bartels Bros.' Mac's Melody; J. Sheridan's
Forest' Queen vs. O. McDouicaH's Spindle; . J.
M. Halton's Lavender vs. Curtis & Sons'. Com
modore; Pasha Kennels' Reannex vs. D. Win
der's Risky Attempt; A, Johnson's Lowlander
vs. Gus Abercrombie's Victor King: J. Ken
nedy's Ever Sure vs. P. Horgan's Manila; -W.
C Glasson's Sleigh Bells vs. M. A.-Sheehan's
Teddy Hale; J. R. Smlth'B Victor Queen vs.
P. Brophy's Benlcia Boy: Bartels Bros.' Beer
Brewer vs. J. Carroll's Auckland; W. Barry's
Finn McCool vs. Erwin & Lyons' Silver Lvon;
J. P. Thrift's Brutus vs. Kay Bros.' Hawker;
Erwin & Lyons' May Queen v*. Curtis & Sons'
Cash ; E. D. F^llon's Lily of the West vs.
Gus Abercrombie's Rock Island Boy; D. E.
Wiley's High Born Lady vs. J. L. Ross' J L R;
W." Creamer's- Jesse Moore vs. Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Spiteful; R. E. de B. Lopez's Wild
Tralee vs. J. L. Roes' Just Tip; Curtis & Sons'
Blackette vs. E. Geary's America; T. J.
Cronln's Wild Tralee vs. Pasha Kennels' Rol
licking Airs. . . V s
i Puppy stake, 38 dogs— Curtis A Son's Shadow
vs. MY Dunlea's Fenian Boy; Pasha Kennels'
Roguish Antics vs. P. J. Rellly's Grafter; T.
F. Gavan's Ellery Girl vs.R. E. de B. Lopez's
Sweetness; J. P. Thrift's Tar Hill vs. -E. D.
1 Roach's Bells of Shandon; T.- J. Cronln's Van
dal vs. Muller ft McCarthy's Brentwood Belle;
' Sterl A Knowles' Oleta vs. Bartels Bros.' Ban
ner Bright ; ,W. H. Shear's -Alarue vs. J. J.
Warren's Watchword; Curtis & Son's Echo vs.
D. D. Roach's Mike Fenton; J. J. Warren's
Wee Ways vs. D. Rlordan's Molly R; J. P.
Thrift's Tyrone Prince vs. Sterl & Knowles'
Ripple; J. P. Thirffs Tired Out vs. Bartels
Bros.'- Betsey Barrow; C. W. Bonnet's Wild
Nora vs. Bchaefer Bros.' Fair Glen;.'J. P,
Thrift's The Jester vs. J. McCormack's Star;
J. L. Ross' Hoot.Mon vs. H. Lynch's Game
cock; J. . Smith's Lancashire ¦ Lass vs. H.
Lynch's Clalbourne; J. Horn's Bona Fide vs.
J. McGllllgan's Young California; J. H. Perl
go's Pennegrant vs. ' J. Flower's Keystone; J.
H. Perigo's Querita Vincent vs. T. J. Cronln'e
Vixen. , .
The usual midweek stake will be the
card to-day at Ingleside Park. The stake
attracted an entry of fifty-six. Coursing
will' commence at noon.
ffeeMy Can, $1.00 BBrTear
TMJ5 \\ SAJS THURSDAY, MARCH 22, 1900.
MOUNT. TAMALPfIIS .SCENIC '¦ RfHLWAY
wl*?w 1 *?^ 88 * 0 mpv^o via Sausalito Ferry
week Days... 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 b. m.
*Wd««........ i: l^lL TOM a. it iS* xm £at
fl »«i Mm Frandtoo to Summit and Baton,
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs : at ¦ Gey serville j for . S teases
Sprlnss; at Cloverdala for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan , Springs. ; Highland Spiincs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay.- Lake--
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
BprinK9~ Saratoga" Springs, , Blue Lakes, "Laurel
Dell Lalce. ¦ Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's,- Riverside, Llerley's,-
Bucknell's, Bannedrln Heights, HuUvtlle. Git's
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Braxx,
Westport, UsalT-.-Willltts. •; Laytonville, • Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, '
Scetia and Eureka. • . " •
Saturday to Monday rournl-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. - ¦ rrr&exaam&tßvßCee&acrz: r ¦
-. On - Sunday round-trio - tickets to all points
beyond. San Rafael at half rates. -
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st;. Chronicle bid*.
H.-C. WHITING,:- --¦ ,^R. X.RTAN.> .
¦ General ¦ Manager. - 1 Gen. • Pass.* Agent. " 1 , ,
7:80 ami IHopland and I
, *:•¦-:. I 8:» am| : XJklah. -| T:«
T:Boam .
S:0O«m Guernevllla.
t:SOpm
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saasallto Perry..
. Commenclnc October t, 1839.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO mtt.t. VAUJTI
• AND SAN RAFAJEL. ,
WEEK DAYS— •7:00, »9:SO. U*o a. M.i 1:U, '
•1:40. 1:15. •:«<>. 1:30 D.m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill VaU«y and San Ra-
fael, oa Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at »:00 and 11:30 o. m.
SUNDAYS— •»:OO, »10:00. «U:aa a» m.: «lOi
1:15, »4:45, «:30. »:C0 p. m. , :^
Trains marked (*) run to Saa Qnaatla.
FROM B AN RAFAEL. TO+3AN FRANCESCO.
WEEK' DAYS— S:2S, •«:». T:43. •»:«• a. latl
•13:80, 1:15. *3:40. »S:l5 p. m. ¦ - - "*•
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wsdnaadjaa ••>+
Saturdays at «:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:M, •8:00. *10:00. *U:« . ». ¦>.
•1:40. •3:15.4:45. HXO cm. ? mm ' t
Trains marked (*) start from Saa Qnantln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. . «:43, 7:65. >:45 a. nvs
U:SS, I:3S. 3:43, *:I3 p. m. »^*"
, EXTRA TRIPB on Monday*. Wednesdays «"-'
'Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 n. m.
SUNDAYS— I;OB. 10:03 a. m.; 11:08. 103. t-jo.
1:00. 1:45 p. m. - — •
•-. THROUGH TRAINS.
frtO a. in. we«lc days— Cazadero and way stations.
S:4O p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomalea and way stations.
Fulton.
Windsor, .
Healdsbura;,
': Lytton.- •
QeyservUlev
Cloverdale.
19:23 am
7:SS ptn f^23 pa
\ Novato. .
I Petalurna-
Santa Rosa.
19:40 am 8:40 am
6:05 pm 10:33 am
T:l5 pm 5:23 pa
7:30 am 8:00 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm
jfln Effect
October IS,
1839.
Destination.
.Arrtv*
San FranclaoOk
Snn- I "Week ¦
days. I Days.
T£ CHICAGO
. This Is the quickest running and most ' '
luxurious train across the continent, ¦
Connecting Tmaix Leaves Sax FnA»ci3COt
B PJI. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and <* ;
Saturday, arriving; In Chicago at 2:l*
P.n In time to connect with all limited I
.. trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:38
EXPRESS ' P- m - w K]» Palace and Tonrist
DAILY Ss* for Xa ?^ CitJ * Su L «ni a . v
fAILT Chicago and East. -, . . V^ -
Local trains between Stoektoo.i VALLFY *
Fresno, Hanford, Vtsalla, Tularo oAlii
and BakersQeld. ROAD -
SEE YOU IN '. San Francisco office. »38 /
trisco soon ; JSffSSJa^inSlj;-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 Wast .
Banta Clara Street. . : . »;V. > V 7 .<:»¦
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
(Additional Sports on Fagis Eleven).
California Limited
Santa Pc Route
Aided by Forest Rangers.
. \ " 7 . .- ¦ °
Deputy Fish and; Game < Commissioner
Kercheval has .'Just returned from; San
Bernardino . County, where he arrested
William Roberts and : Charles j Martin for
killing deer out of. season. ;- The ; former
pleaded guilty, and paid a fine of $50, but
the latter "decided to ; fight "the case. ; In
the ¦ arrest , and' conviction the deputy was
greatly assisted by Uncle Sam's Forest
Rangers, who are detailed; to enforce the-
Federal laws relating to '< trespass and
fires in/ the big forest reservations. The
Rangers are instructed by tho Treasury
Department to lend'all possible aid -to
State officers in the enforcement of the
State laws. While in Los Angeles . Mr.
Kercheval searched . the big cold-storage
plants and seized a largo - quantity of
valley quail.
PETER JACKSON RETURNS
TO HIS FORMER HOME
The Veteran Will End His Rapidly
Waning Days Among . Friends
in the Australian Colonies.
Peter Jackson, one of the most finished
boxers that ever stepped Into a ring, left
last night on the steamer Mariposa for
his old home In Australia. It Is only a
mockery now to allude to him as an ath
lete, as the ravages of* disease" "have
racked his herculean frame and. left him
a wan, hollow-cheeked wreck. Unless na
ture comes to his relief and buOds up, his
wasted tissues it will not be lons ' be
fore the obituary will be written ot one
of the greatest boxers the ring has ever
produced. . ,
Peter was sick almost unto death in the
north, when friends went to his assistance
anrl arranged for him to return. 'to the
warmer climate of the Australian colo
nien. In which it was thought Jay the
only chance of prolonging his^ life.
Jackson was one of tho most popular
tnent that ever entered a ring. , He could
not be Induced to discuss his own prow
ess and ne\-er belittled an opponent. 'Al
though not well educated he had ' mixed
so much with men of the world that he
had acquired a polished manner. He was
possessed of a quick wit and was a clever,
well-informed conversationalist.
Dentists' Baseball Team.
The class of 1902 of the dental depart
ment of the College Of Physicians and
Surgeons of this city has organized a
baseball team and has commenced pre
liminary practice. The make-up of , the
nine is as follows; Crum, catcher; Rader,
pitcher: Burns, first base; "Wllklns, second
base; Colburn, third base; Curtis, short
stop; Locke, rißht field; Gross, left field;
Hlnes, center field. • The team is desirous
of meeting any of the amateur nine of this
city or vicinity. Address communications
to R. Burns Jr., manager.
CHARLEY THORPE
GETS A FULL AT
TANFORAN PARK
Nilgar Goes Down at Start
and the Veteran Is
Badly Hurt.
Bendoran Gave the Talent a Fright
ful Reverse — The Lady Likewise
Went Wrong— But Two
Favorites Won.
After experiencing along run of luck.
Charley Thorpe, the "grand old man" of
the saddle. „ met with a mishap at Tan
foran yesterday, which will cause his re
tirement for some time. He had the
mount on Nilgar in the final event, and
as the big field broke away from the dan
gerous seven-furlong post, there occurred
a general go-as-you-please Jostling match.
In the mix-up Nilgar went down. After
tho^race his unfortunate rider was carried
to the paddock on a stretcher and later
removed to his home In town. An exam
ination revealed the fact that he had Buf
¦fered a broken shoulder blade and a pos
sible fracture of one of his ribs, with
lesser minor bruises. r Much, regret was
expressed over the accident, as Charley
is a general favorite, not only with the
public but with his brother riders, sev
eral of whom ran to the scene after
weighing in under the stand.
Four favorites were mowed down and
the books continue getting richer and
richer at the, San Mateo frack.. Quite the
most astounding .'downfall 'of .the entire
racing was that. of Bendoran,' in the five
and a half furlong eprlntT The big horse
carried a mint. of money at. 7 to 20, \ and
displaying no '• great amount of speed, fin
ished third. Frank*. Bell led •. from the
etart, just 'beating out Sardine a heck in
1:06%. The- winner wa3 8 to 1.
The win of Imp. Clonsilla in the closing
number partially atoned for some of tho
lost money. "Still there is no' gainsaying
the fact the 'talent is badly warped and
the track Is losing caste fast. . »» /
The colored boy, Bassinger, astride the 7
to 1 chance, • Uterp, managed to beat the
big bunch of maidens away from the post
in the opening run, winning all the way.
Morelia, another outsider, downed- Miss
Soak for the place.' Henry on Jaxabel suc
ceeded in getting badly placed next v the
rail,' never being prominent. ¦• ¦-'•'
Louis Ezell's filly. The Lady, had such
a ready money look that 7 to 10 was con
sidered a long price against her, beating
Limerick, Tekla and Sam Dannenbaum in
the mile and a sixteenth run. Marty Ber
gen dallied along with the first choice to
the stretch, only to be outflnished and
downed a head by Thorpe, with the leg up
on Limerick. , ' _/..-'.,_
Corrigari's mare, Daisy F, found another
soft berth; in the mile selling run. . Every
body, played her at short. odds, and she
galloped in ahead of Opponent. Merry
Boy finished- third, but was set back for
fouling Casdale down near the , furlong
pole; . • . ; . ¦ \
¦ Burns & ' Waterhouse's two-year-old
Bernato kept up the prevailing Tanforan
.fashion- t>y finishing third in the four and
'a half furlong dash at short odds. Moon
bright, owned by.Jghnny Weber, assumed
the front position on the turn for home,
breasting the tape six lengths !n advance
of Jntrada. The favorite was sect away
last. "/,. ..,.. ¦-.---¦•¦: . . -r: '¦-: '.: ;
To-Day's Entries.
: First race^-lTour furlong? ; .- two-year-olds :
purse.
AndraUus .......10«| 947 Floranthe ;ICB
S»J Ffollick ....%.'..-.'.lur>4Tlntreptdo,: .;108
95J Comberrnere 108 ... El Piloto ".ill
(»41)Saketo .....Ull
COAST DIVISION (RroadCaage).
-. <Thlrq mid Tovrnseud Sta.)
OILS. .
LUBRICATING Oil. Crude Oil and Oaaollna.
EKSIGN A McQUFFICK. 23 Spear St.. a F.
¦8s! Sa Newark. Can (entile. 6aaJose,Felton,
— Eout<>rCreek,.SantaCruzaiidWay
Stations •»!»•»
f3:l3r Newark, CeoterTille, ft*n Jose, Kew
AlmadeD, l'elton, I!onJ<ler Creek,
B»iit.» Crux and Principal Way
S'ntionn fl»«3»*
• 1 : 1.1 r Newark. San Jo«e. Loa Gltoa. ««<3Oa
•Itl.lp Xpwirk. San Jose, Lois Gat 05.......
&ll:*3p Himrers' Excnnicn. San Josa and
WayStaiions.
lieve' the bout will go the limit, basing their judgment on the
fact that both men are cautious when In the ring and take no
chance of being stopped by a wild swing. Nelll's showlnsr with
Jack O'Brien and his close attention to training when under
going the conditioning process have had some effect on the
betting. In this, however,' . he ¦ will have little advantage over
McConnell. who has been trained by Tim McGrath. Neither
man has left anything undone that would help him In the' ring.
A sharp, scientific battle is expected. In the preliminary
bouts, which will bo of ten rounds' duration, Eddie Toy will
box Toby Irwln and Henry j Lewis will meet Al Hamilton of
San Jose." • ..', • '. ,' • .¦ ¦" ' ,'••¦' : /" .£_''
e jr^' Li NEILL and Frank McConnell, two California boys.
If will meet to-night In the arena of the Columbia Athletic
Jj »\Club, Woodward's Pavilion, to determine which Is the
better boxer. Each learned the rudiments of the . game
here, although McConnnell had the advantage of an Eastern
trip recently, when he saw the highest development of the
sport. Nelll la the favorite at odds of 10 to 8, although Mc-
Connell has a big following which Is ready to back his
chances. In the mutuels Neill has a plight call over his oppo
nent. 118 tickets having been sold on him at Corbett'A to 86 on
McConnell. The heaviest play has . been on the last line of
eighteen rounds and over. This Indicates that the bettors be-
COAST I>mS|oS (Narrow (iaage).
(Foot of Uarkct Street! - .
GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
Outfits packed. 1 IRVINE BROS., 670 Howard
: 108 Fourth. 1 1302 Polk and 1441 Stockton, 8. F.
SA>D CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation' Dally," 825: Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
CAPE NOME
"MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
BETTORS MAKE AL NEILL
F A VOR ITE IN H IS BOUT
Offer Odds of Ten to Eight Against the Ghancesi of
. . Ali NEILI* * . , ' "RANK McCONNBLI*
¦ r -.-".-. • by Bushnell.) ¦ ' . ' * ¦ ¦ ¦ l- #-~ ¦¦¦¦
RAIXROAD TRAVEL.
MIIIBIM PACIWC C»»F*»T.
(pacific ftraruc.)
Trains leave «•¦«» »r« dM «• »r»lv« at
NAM riMMCMCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market SSreet )
Anheuser-Biisch Bottled Beers
] : mtm .. are without a peer—
Budweiser, -TneOrftdair
Black & Tanj ~n»Amtiic*a ?*»**
Anheuser-Standard
The Faust
Michelob
Export Pale
Exquisite, "American Pilsener"
The materials used for these brews are the
very, best obtainable. "Not How Cheap ;
but How Good" is the motto of the
Anheiiser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A. .
7:Bo<tm| [Hopland andl I •
, *:-:* I 8:00 am| \ XJklah. - 1 7:35 pm| (:23 pn»
T:SO am ~* . I * |10:» am
- . 3:00 «m Guernevtll*. I T:3S ptnl - .
t:»pm ..,-,.> . »:»ptn
I .Highly concentrated, delicious .In H^k||
tSAV« — FBOM FIBBCABT ay 1900. — AtMTB
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
1/ nfif* It ancl Drake Amalgamators, In
¦AIiUUII operation dally; 1 30-Hp. *aso-
•-,¦••- -. • .. line engine cheap. 9 Stevenson
. . ett, S. F. ~ .
. . . DREDGING PUMPS.
Oil, Gasoline, Steam Hoists. Centrifugal Pumps,
Enjrines&Bollers. HendyMach.Wks..4O Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY.& MODELS.
Lv PETERSON. 544 A Mission. S. F.: communi-
cations from . inventors strictly ¦ confidential.
: ; MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonds, 33 Market st
¦-¦ :. PUMPS AND OASOLINE ENGINES.
All kinds of Pumps and Gasoline Engines.
WOODIN A LITTLB. 3X2 Market St.. 8. F. |
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. No qulck-
. sliver. I Hand or power. : In operation 14 Spear.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES fine gold. In dally operation at 254
Beale'st.. San Francisco.
'i'-^o-vi-: .GASOLINE ENGINES,
HERCULES OAS ENGINE WORKS Is fllUng
. many orders for Nome. 141-143 First St.. S. T.
GOLO SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
dally operation. TVm. H. Birch A Co., 133
First St.. S. F.
Vli- GOLO SEPARATOR. . i : »
MARSHALL Gold Savlnsr Machine. R9 Fol-
som street. Oriental Gas Enelne Company.
V MATTESON'S SLUICB WASHER.
Long torn, riffles and carpet ' combined saves
placer Rold. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market st.
•7:OOa Benida, Snlron, Elmlra, Vaeavffle,
Rumseyand Sacramento, j. . . . . . .-. •7t*ar
Ee.l BluH Portland «7»45»
•7s3o*MartineASanl*a«'o' : >. Val!e J oo > Jl »P*» ._ .«
CalUtrga an<VBanta Kosa ••il»»>
•SsSOa The OTerland Limited— ©gdan. Den-
yer. Onwha. Chltaso »8tlB»
••¦3Oa San Joa«. litermore. Btockton. •
' lone, baeratneuto. nacervilK
Mirjii»ilK Chleo, lledßlnff !*•'•'
•SsSOa "Miiton, Oak.lale. fcsonora. Cartels... .*<»•»»•
•O:t*OA naTwards. Niltiand Way Stations. # 11*-*3 a
•«:OOa Darls, Woodlacd. Kofchts Landing; , m
MarysTillo, ororlile. *2»*s'
• 9iOO\ Atlaotio Kipress— Ogden and EasJ "»»«3a
•9:OOa Marliuez. Tracy, I^tlirop, titoektoa,
Merced and i'resno # J«iiai»
•tt«OA Port Costa, Fresno. MoJaT« and Los
•I 0:00 a Vallejo. Marlines and Way Stations *«s4Sr
•II :OOa Mies, LlTermore. Stockton. Sacra-
mento. MendoU, Hanford. Vlsalla,
>I*>OOm Haywarda, xiiesand*Way Statlonsr •J«J2 P
tls«M>PSi»cram«iitoKUerBt*.iiiers... v ..* I** 0 ..
•3tOOr Hay^nrOs, Nilcs and Way Stations. •»!«*•
*4iO»r Martiuw. Han Karaoii, Vallojo,
Kapa. Cull iti>g». .S<utta Eos* •»«!¦«
•l:Mr Benlcia, VaoaTille, Hacramanto,
Woo.lland, KnlthU Landing.
il.rysfillo, Orofilla : 'fi**
MtSOrNlles, San .lr««aud Stockton ....... *7»15»
•3:OOpTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno. . .
B3kersfleld. fcangnsfor BanUßar-^ *>
bara, U>3 Aceeles. •I«i4Sa
o3i««»> Sunset Lidlw«l-El Paso, New Or- ....
l»ns and East J1?*??*J 1 ?*??*
•s<Hor Stockton. Jl«cc<«. Frfsno...... *ia»IO»
•5:3»r Kreauo. lutersiiel.l, Hauta> lUtbara,
Los Angeles, Demlng, El Paso,
•New Orleans and East ••»*»a
•3t3Op HanU »'« Uoute— A tljinllo Expxeas
for Mojava ami Kut ?. *Oi-l!»P
•0:OOp narwarda. Klles and Han Jos* •7i-l»a
tB:SOr Vallejo ;.. »l«il8»
•»>BOr- Oriental Hail— Ogden, Cheyenne,
Oaiaha, Chicago ••»«»*
•*j3op Oriental MaU— Ogden, Denrer.
Omaha, Chicago. •«il»»
JTiOOr Tallejo, Port CosU and Way Bla-
¦ Uons. i»»aa»
•StOSr Oregon and California Uxpress,Haa-
ramentn, Marjsfille, Ra>ltllnr.
rortlan.l. Piige* Koihml anil Ka»l *»I»»A
S PLATES FOR SAVING GOLD. -
Scha«zleln A Burrldce. 3 Hardle place, oft
Keamy. between Sutter and Bush streets.
F. W. BEL.U Central Platinc Works. 553 Mis-
sion st.. S. F. Phone Jessie 3CI.
ROCKERS.
DftrrpoC Hula-Hula Rocker; Ctntrlfncal
HUUaEJJ sand Pumps; Machinery. , PAßKE
A LACT CO.. 21 Fremont st.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. .
•rsa SIS nueiSCO— rwt «r K*rktt Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.M. tI:C3 *2:C3 t3:C9
* M:O3 t3:C3 •B:C3r.M.
.'rtaOIIUHD— '00l •fßrudwij.— •«;<» 8:00 10:CO*.Mt.
'¦ U2:C3 # 1:00 • »:C3 »3.-C3 11:03 "SiCaP.M.
: \*v portable houses.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist sts.. : Oakland. . or Builders' Ex., S. F.
PILE-DPIVINQ ENGINES, r-
Worthlngton Steam Pumps A ¦ Water . Meters,
Mundy Hoisting Engines. Tatum & Bowen.
ENOINES. BOILERS.' ETC.
BAKER A HAMILTON. Engines and Boiler* ;
I lowest price* on the coast. Pine A Davis sts.
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE A CO.. manufacturers, bass, teats,
covers, tl and 23 California st.
t«:l0A. Ocun Vlaw, Booth H*n Frmadaeo.. \<ts*vr
•7:O«* fcau .low ami Way ijtallona (Star -
Almaden Wedn««da>aonly) Mil**
•»:«•* Han Jose, Tres riuos. Haute Cms.
Paeiao Oro»8. l'aao Roblea. Baa
I.IIU Ohlspo, Snrf, Lompoo and
rrlnelpal Way Bt.Ufnuj., Mtl«p
•10: 10* San Josaan<l Way fctatlooa # oia3*
•I I:ao* Ban Joso ami Way Stations. *»«30j>
f-»:43r San Mateo, Uedwood. Menlo Fark;
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jom,
Tres Pifios, Rani* Cmt. "Vtmn.
Monterey and Paelflo Crova fIOtS6A
f»iSMr Ban Joisand Way Station* ........ # 7:S«r
fl:l»r SanJoaaauU Principal Way SUtlone "9:15.4
t.isoop Ban Josaand Principal Way Stations t9:OO A
*s<3Ur Sau Jom anJ Principal Waj SUtiooa 'SiSS*
•G::: Op San JotaaaJ Way 5tati0n5......... fBi<K>A
Hl:4-1r Sao Joaeand Way SUtloni.. »7iaOr
A for Mornlnf. V for Afternoon.
* Daily. f Hntxlay axoepted. . J Sanday only.
b Saturday only.
' m Tnesdsyi and Frld*j» c Thui*lay» ax>d Hundaya,
VISIT OR- JORDAN'S GREAT i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
Ok 1051 1OBSIT St. tat. 6a*7tt, S.y . CA d
qf The Largest Anatomical Mnun in the \
World. "W -aknefscs or any contracted A
{EgS) disease fwsliivrly carol by the oldest W
' /*h| Specialist cb the CoaiL EsL 35 years. %
ix.i OR -JO«3AN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
f vCEFbB Coavjltation free and strictly prtnte \
J JlJ^lif T ™" me!U prrsonally or by letter. AM
IWII M p "- tna t1""'»t 1 "" '» «*erjpcas« undertaken. \
Plt ll •> " w rite for Book. PBlLOsarsY »f A
U I - ¦*"¦>*«•¦» mailbo PRaa. iaF
A H valuable book for mnj . \
OR. JOBDASAt©., 10S1 Market St., S. F. f
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1300, by H.H. Kebert.)
TAXFORAN PARK, Wednesday. March 21. 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast.
005. FIRST KACE— Five furlongs; maidens; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
r*fe|| W~ £y Completely eradicated with-
LFII ¦- <W out cutting or tylosr. N3
9 MI I « 1 cure, no pay. For . Inform*-
tlon address S. F. KECTAJ*
.. ." INSTITUTE. 1170 Market.
CALIFORNU NOBTBWESTHN IT. ca
IjHJSSHIHI '
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIO
RAILWAY . COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Marb;«e •%.
RAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RWAH*
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. t:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 11:S»,
l:» 0, 6:10, *:S0 p. m.' "Thnrßday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 r>. m. Saturday*— Extra, trlpa at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m. * **
•UNDATS— B:OO. 9:SO, 11:00 a. m.; 1.90, 1:1 ft,
' 1:00, «:20 p. m. .
SAN RAFAEL TO BXS FRANCISCO.
WEEK PAY&-6:10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
S:4O, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:30 p. m.
Bt;NDAYS-S:10, 9:49, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, S:4O. 8:08,
¦ «:25 9. m' V* " ' ¦-¦ " - "' :
Between San Francisco and Schuetzes Park
same actiedul* a* above. ¦-' ¦ .
T-.SOam 8:00 am Sonoma- I 9:15 am 8:40 am
„ .' -¦ ¦. ...-. . ..-.-. and>. ' -- -- -. .'.-
1:19 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:06 pm S:iS pta
T:M ami 8:00 am! Sebastopol. [10:40 atn|lo:2s am
»:»0 pm| 6:00 pm| -' ¦¦¦<.- -; | 7:3S pm| t:O pra
aßr.a Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Di»ei»s«^Lost Manhood. Cbilltyor
others fait Try him. • Ch»r?e» low
t nrptvnarftnti***! raiiAr*.ita
n 4> « h V k T™ : r ' i?*« Go< t1 Btart - t w on first three driving. Winner. Eamshaw
Brothers bf.. by Imp Cavalier-Ban Dance. Uterp away well and not ' bothered. Morella
outKamed Miss goak. Too foggy for Sarsfleld. Jaxabel pocketed. • Scratched-Tknobe 97. '
008. SECOND RACB-Mlle and a sixteenth; threc-year-oldg; purse. 1400.
Time— l-is. :07%;^6-16. :Sstt: 13-18. 1:26V4: mile. 1:44%; 1 l-l«m. 1:51. Good start. Won first
">«» -Winner., TV O. Ferguson's eh. g.. by Tammany-Beau ciucher out
flnishM Rer»r<*n. Latter took matters too easy early in the *ame - ¦.¦"-¦- ; . IUUI » W , W 'V,
P«7.' TIiIRDRACE-FTvVTnd^halff^
ri 3*7?4 6 - i:1i :1 J H A J' 1 !' : «W: 1=06%. .tart. Won first three' driving.- Winner. J
W. O'Neal A Co.'s b. a\. by Big Henry-Flora l>ach. Bell ran' a remarkably fast^ace^on-
SKSfSf B Ve«ra d ar^^^
*>j**-IroURTH' > RA^E^^
Time— %. :2S»*; tf. :50H: %. 1:15; mile. 1:41%. Bad start. Won easily' second and third drlvl
ng.r Winner. E. CorrUran's eh. m.. by RUey-Modesty. •Disqualified' for foultagianc TpllSed
last.;-,- Another piece of family plate for Daisy. Merry Boy out of luck .Hi w\» Interfered
JS.I «ien dlsgualined for slightly bumpln* Casdale V " *., ™" v^'v " a .
Ptt»Tl''lF^rtpßA3E^F^u7l^^
Time— 3-16. :17Hj 5-16. :30; 4ttf. :S6Vi.. Good start. Won easily . second and~ihtrd drivlnr rWln
070. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; 1 purse 140 ft.
Tl ™.f-^ ¦ : «: I Hi- :«: %.niWW; %,1:W.; good start. Wen easily, second and third driving -
Winner. J. F. Ton?, ?hr m.. t>y Enthuslast-lmp, Maid of Athens. ClonsllJa thVbest^cSnf
| tor the show, nominee. "He ran ahead In' his districts. Scratched- Jim MeGlbb«n^iioaTr
; . Urlan'lo7. Joe Mussle 113. HenryC 106. Taranto IW, Major Hooker UO MoGll)b * n *t 6> . Slr
4
lEJg.*-!** 0"*0 "*- Age, JstJ_ %m. ¦ %m.
92S Vterp 4,.... .102 6 .... 1U
928,Morelia/3.. 97 1 ..! i. 4h
958 . Mi 88 Soak, 5 11l 3 ... 2h
../ Karsfleld, 3..... 104 7 ... 3 2 •
937'JazaM, 4. .-...¦ 1P« 4 ... jj
f23 Florence Fink, 4 102 5 .... 5 h
92S Gloccso. 3.-. 104 g ... 12 '
.... Ruric, 3 107 11 ... 7
957 Harry Corby, 4 104 10 ... 8
944,'Ijetiefr, 3 99 9 .... 9" '
. *39 Tom Bharkey. 3 107 2. ... .10.
.'698 lllilouette. 3......... 97 12 .... U
631 'Reirinald Hughes, 3.104 13 ... 13
93S Red Cherrj-,.3." 102 14 ... 14 ¦
.944 Tallac. 4 107 15 . ... 15
\m. Str. Fin.
12 ... 13
.4 2 ... 2h
3 2, ... 3 2
2 1 ... 4 2
7 h ... 6 h
6 2 ... 6 h
15 ... 7 M
61 ¦ ... 8 h
9 2 ... »Jl,
8 2 ... -10 1
10 h ... .118 -
112 ... ' 12
13 • ... :
12 •„. .-..14 •
14- ... 15 ;
I , Jockeys.
Basslnger
H. Stuart
Thorpe ........
Fork
Henr/ .........
K. Ross
1.-- P0we11......
Alexander ....
Helnson '....'."..
Ranch .........
Shaw-..
J. Martin
Morgan .......
Buchanan ....
Bozeman '......
Betting.
Op. Cl.
6 7
V 8 20
3 4
40 80
5-2 7-2
. 8 :-- 40
12 10
10 20
1 15 40
UOM 12
.18 .20
8 15
•20 60
4 4
7-80
Index. Horse. Welght.lbt. Urn. . i^m. _ %m. Btn, - Fin.' | ¦¦•- Jockey. I6^~CT
. (943) Limerick .'. .....109 2 - 11 ¦ • 1-M In 1 %~\ 1 h Thornf. — ~ "n~M
950 The Lady..... ...... .111 1\ 2 h 2 1 2 1 2 2 '28 - M Twin""' '4-6 7-ifl
: »J7 .Tekla ...108 2 ..: 4 - 3n 3 3 S4 v 3 30 K^"""" M«J
ina^x; itorsg. Age, weight. | St. ¦ ¦
(881) Frank Bell,' 4 ..116 4
I 943* Sardine. 3............ 90 2
(913) Bendoran. 6 123 S
946 Sly. 6 10(5 1-
935. Afima/Ja. 5 109 J .
Hm.
«m. '¦ frm. Str.
12 11 12
5 4 2. 3 1-.
2 b 21 2H .
3 1 i h 4 5'
4n 5 B
:r.
Fin.
•In
/ ' 2 4
31
•4 5
-- R .
In.
| Jockey. 1 .|Op. a.
Henry ......... .4- . J
,J. Martin/..... ;T' "5
• Pltsgott\.i.:.: 1-S T-»
N.H11i:. ...... -20 80
•' Thftm^ " ' IK - «A
Jockeys.
•|Op.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. | St.__ %m . %m. %m . S»r. >¦ Fin . '"
(955) Palsy F, 6 .....107 4 82 1 h 12 12 "XTir«~"
692 Opponent. 5.. lOfi t 4- 4 3U' 2h ' •. S n
935 Merry Boy, 6... 10« 1 2h 31 4- - 4 '»3 g
SS2 Caßdale. 4 ..........102 i 12.21 ; g a. . ,4 ¦
¦I ¦' Jockey. •
Henry ?..:....
- M. Bergr*n. .".'..
> Burhanan
I. P0we11......
Jockey.
2-s *. 1-4
-10 L' 1«
• »-3
15-.' 25
947 Moonbrlght .. 102 4~
929 'Intrada ...;......... .K»2 3
(947) Bernota ..109 5,
941 Gaylon Brown .....102 «
929 Billy, Lyons ...105 2.
963 ' Countcf g ' Clara. . . : ¦ 102 l_
- Km-
4 h
3 2 ¦
5 n .'
' ' 8 • -'.'
¦ 2h-
1 h
> U •>-.
••¦:5 *', .-!
¦-'. 4 h ¦ '
• 6 '
_1W
,m.
¦'¦ Btr. -
1 H
.4 1 •*;'.
9 **'-!*:
¦3Hv
2 2 •-¦-,
:r.
£gin. • I • Jorkeys. ¦ « [Op. , i CL '
•1 8^" Henry ;;....... 7-J . 8* 1
•,JK'E.;R<m.'....-:.-. g-1, 4:
-.34, Th0rpe ..;...... 1-10 v T-10 •
:4 S ; J. Martin..;.:. » «J\
\5 2 ... • Logue. ; /;. . . . ,-. ¦ 30 ;, 100 •
.-•6 ¦¦¦¦ Morgan ....;.. 20. -80.
"Fin.
Jockeys.
'[Op.
Qde».:Horae. Age. Weight; [St. Km. ¦ \jm.
843 Imp. Clonsilla, 6. ...108 4 1h- 1 h ¦ ,
•02 - Etonator. • 5 '.;... .V.Y.110 5 •¦'•*¦ 43 ~ ' i U
944.- Key Hooker. 4 HO 2 . 5h 61
927VAcrobat.-5 ......:. .-.11 l « J h~' '-4 h »•
739, Grady, a 113 S. ' 6 8.61
B«8 ! -Prt»tome/3 .;...:... 99 7 ; - 7h ' * 7 1
536 Fashion Plate, a.;. 101 10 ?.¦<:¦ 9,,- ,
928- Slater Marie, 3 89 « • J '8 2. '8 2
813 -Antioch. 4-:.. ....... 11l 1. ¦ ;-: JJV, 2 1 .
620'Nllgar, 4 ............110 3 '¦ * Pell?- 1 .;. >
forae.
y Wel|
it;
nlji
21
. 6 h.:
4 1-;
7 1
6 h
.?.. 8 lo;
9
' J h-
Btr.
• 1 1
2,2
4 8
, *2
/8h:
6 1
:c 8 4V^
7 h '-"'
¦9 •
Fin., I Jockey. /fOp. .
15 :i Henry ......... 7-10 ¦
2 2 ¦'¦ Shaw>.. ... - jo ¦>
t n«- Glover-...:.... "10
4 6 Alexander .... - 4,^
";5 2 E. R055... ';;... sl5
«n W.> Burke..... 25
':'.: Vl .i\ 1. i P0we11.:;... iio.-i
, 820 Perslaco ...:.. ;10
»-*> Pirrott '.::..-.. 8
Cl.
1-8
', - 8
20
t , 7
30
100
'*• 10
100
.- 20
lEJg.*-!** 0"*0 "*- Age, JstJ_ %m. ¦ %m.
92S Vterp 4,.... .102 6 .... 1U
928,Morelia/3.. 97 1 ..! i. 4h
958 . Mi 88 Soak, 5 11l 3 ... 2h
../ Karsfleld, 3..... 104 7 ... 3 2 •
937'JazaM, 4. .-...¦ 1P« 4 ... jj
f23 Florence Fink, 4 102 5 .... 5 h
92S Gloccso. 3.-. 104 g ... 12 '
.... Ruric, 3 107 11 ... 7
957 Harry Corby, 4 104 10 ... 8
944,'Ijetiefr, 3 99 9 .... 9" '
. *39 Tom Bharkey. 3 107 2. ... .10.
.'698 lllilouette. 3......... 97 12 .... U
631 'Reirinald Hughes, 3.104 13 ... 13
93S Red Cherrj-,.3." 102 14 ... 14 ¦
.944 Tallac. 4 107 15 . ... 15
\m. Str. Fin.
12 ... 13
.4 2 ... 2h
3 2, ... 3 2
2 1 ... 4 2
7 h ... 6 h
6 2 ... 6 h
15 ... 7 M
61 ¦ ... 8 h
9 2 ... »Jl,
8 2 ... -10 1
10 h ... .118 -
112 ... ' 12
13 • ... :
12 •„. .-..14 •
14- ... 15 ;
I , Jockeys.
Basslnger
H. Stuart
Thorpe ........
Fork
Henr/ .........
K. Ross
1.-- P0we11......
Alexander ....
Helnson '....'."..
Ranch .........
Shaw-..
J. Martin
Morgan .......
Buchanan ....
Bozeman '......
Betting.
Op. Cl.
6 7
V 8 20
3 4
40 80
5-2 7-2
. 8 :-- 40
12 10
10 20
1 15 40
UOM 12
.18 .20
8 15
•20 60
4 4
7-80
Index. Horse. Welght.lbt. Urn. . i^m. _ %m. Btn, - Fin.' | ¦¦•- Jockey. I6^~CT
. (943) Limerick .'. .....109 2 - 11 ¦ • 1-M In 1 %~\ 1 h Thornf. — ~ "n~M
950 The Lady..... ...... .111 1\ 2 h 2 1 2 1 2 2 '28 - M Twin""' '4-6 7-ifl
: »J7 .Tekla ...108 2 ..: 4 - 3n 3 3 S4 v 3 30 K^"""" M«J
ina^x; itorsg. Age, weight. | St. ¦ ¦
(881) Frank Bell,' 4 ..116 4
I 943* Sardine. 3............ 90 2
(913) Bendoran. 6 123 S
946 Sly. 6 10(5 1-
935. Afima/Ja. 5 109 J .
Hm.
«m. '¦ frm. Str.
12 11 12
5 4 2. 3 1-.
2 b 21 2H .
3 1 i h 4 5'
4n 5 B
:r.
Fin.
•In
/ ' 2 4
31
•4 5
-- R .
In.
| Jockey. 1 .|Op. a.
Henry ......... .4- . J
,J. Martin/..... ;T' "5
• Pltsgott\.i.:.: 1-S T-»
N.H11i:. ...... -20 80
•' Thftm^ " ' IK - «A
Jockeys.
•|Op.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. | St.__ %m . %m. %m . S»r. >¦ Fin . '"
(955) Palsy F, 6 .....107 4 82 1 h 12 12 "XTir«~"
692 Opponent. 5.. lOfi t 4- 4 3U' 2h ' •. S n
935 Merry Boy, 6... 10« 1 2h 31 4- - 4 '»3 g
SS2 Caßdale. 4 ..........102 i 12.21 ; g a. . ,4 ¦
¦I ¦' Jockey. •
Henry ?..:....
- M. Bergr*n. .".'..
> Burhanan
I. P0we11......
Jockey.
2-s *. 1-4
-10 L' 1«
• »-3
15-.' 25
947 Moonbrlght .. 102 4~
929 'Intrada ...;......... .K»2 3
(947) Bernota ..109 5,
941 Gaylon Brown .....102 «
929 Billy, Lyons ...105 2.
963 ' Countcf g ' Clara. . . : ¦ 102 l_
- Km-
4 h
3 2 ¦
5 n .'
' ' 8 • -'.'
¦ 2h-
1 h
> U •>-.
••¦:5 *', .-!
¦-'. 4 h ¦ '
• 6 '
_1W
,m.
¦'¦ Btr. -
1 H
.4 1 •*;'.
9 **'-!*:
¦3Hv
2 2 •-¦-,
:r.
£gin. • I • Jorkeys. ¦ « [Op. , i CL '
•1 8^" Henry ;;....... 7-J . 8* 1
•,JK'E.;R<m.'....-:.-. g-1, 4:
-.34, Th0rpe ..;...... 1-10 v T-10 •
:4 S ; J. Martin..;.:. » «J\
\5 2 ... • Logue. ; /;. . . . ,-. ¦ 30 ;, 100 •
.-•6 ¦¦¦¦ Morgan ....;.. 20. -80.
"Fin.
Jockeys.
'[Op.
Qde».:Horae. Age. Weight; [St. Km. ¦ \jm.
843 Imp. Clonsilla, 6. ...108 4 1h- 1 h ¦ ,
•02 - Etonator. • 5 '.;... .V.Y.110 5 •¦'•*¦ 43 ~ ' i U
944.- Key Hooker. 4 HO 2 . 5h 61
927VAcrobat.-5 ......:. .-.11 l « J h~' '-4 h »•
739, Grady, a 113 S. ' 6 8.61
B«8 ! -Prt»tome/3 .;...:... 99 7 ; - 7h ' * 7 1
536 Fashion Plate, a.;. 101 10 ?.¦<:¦ 9,,- ,
928- Slater Marie, 3 89 « • J '8 2. '8 2
813 -Antioch. 4-:.. ....... 11l 1. ¦ ;-: JJV, 2 1 .
620'Nllgar, 4 ............110 3 '¦ * Pell?- 1 .;. >
forae.
y Wel|
it;
nlji
21
. 6 h.:
4 1-;
7 1
6 h
.?.. 8 lo;
9
' J h-
Btr.
• 1 1
2,2
4 8
, *2
/8h:
6 1
:c 8 4V^
7 h '-"'
¦9 •
Fin., I Jockey. /fOp. .
15 :i Henry ......... 7-10 ¦
2 2 ¦'¦ Shaw>.. ... - jo ¦>
t n«- Glover-...:.... "10
4 6 Alexander .... - 4,^
";5 2 E. R055... ';;... sl5
«n W.> Burke..... 25
':'.: Vl .i\ 1. i P0we11.:;... iio.-i
, 820 Perslaco ...:.. ;10
»-*> Pirrott '.::..-.. 8
Cl.
1-8
', - 8
20
t , 7
30
100
'*• 10
100
.- 20-_;-_j_; ADVERTISEMENTS. / -
CHICAGO OLD PEOPLE'S HOME
How the Old and Overworked, So Prone to
Catarrh, Find Relief in Perana.
MOUNTED on an old mortar bed.
with Its frowning muzzle point
ing out toward Market street, an
old Spanish cannon presented to
the city yesterday by Major Gen
eral Shafter keeps guard over the City
Hall.
The ceremony of its presentation had
all the pomp, the waving plumes, the rat
tle of sabers and accouterments and the
martial music of a military display. Two
troops of the Sixth Cavalry and the band
of the Third Artillery acting as escort
and guard of honor were on one side of
the square and a company of police lined
up on the other side. In front of the
group of statuary the speakers' stand had
been placed.
At 12:30 o'clock General Shafter and
Mayor Phelan headed a procession of
5
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
THE SAN FRANCISCO.-; CAIX,^ TaTDTRSPAY, MARCH 22, 1900.
l»/~— - JlLLNtvom* Dis*o»f FaiUag Mem.
fS ,\ *°*« and Iwtuoratioaa, I*nr «»<a>l»
V Jjhb "** **rely ranara Lost Vitality ta old
' )\ '•S* V or jonajr. and fit a maa fcr »»adr. bo»i- '
Jx^je* . im or plsaaara. Prsrant Inaaaitr aavi
Tf>f«J b'Coommptioa ii takra ia tima. Tjiair
Dte abowa immadlata laaprovamaat aad affaeta CCTEB
where all others fail, j laria* upas hanat thagnain*
AJaac Tablet*. Th.r hmT» cured thonaanda and will
cora too. I We at*a a positive wnttea coaraataa to *f •
feetaenraiaaacheaMor refund tha.aaonar. Pris*
SOCtS.
open receipt of price. Circular* free. - - ¦
JjJ^RE»BDY-.CO^\V&SSS^T.
For Mia In S. F. by Lelpnlta A Co.. Na Par.
ccntaga Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co., t. F^ OakXd,
Mi - *T*it-— * )Ttt *i "**-* > ffi' L 'tiHOllll'sl ' WjTfimW
portrait si udyby;j;r* Dickinson; ;
THE spring exhibition of the San Art v Association, /.inaugurating;^
the Mary .Frances " Searles , Gallery ,', will open to', the public to-morrow. ". Ji' pri- ' ,
vate view of : the plctures ; will i be ' afforded \ to' members of » the ' association at :
; the reception to be given 'at. Mark Instituted this C evenings * Many. '
Interesting and meritorious examples of the;work.tof I California 'artists i jwtll' be •
found In .the display/. Artists who are 'doing- g/6od* f work.Sbut-': of ; whose '
ments the public Is not familiar,* may/sralnf deserved In 'this v exhibi
tion.^ ;""•* " .¦.'¦". .-' ' :\\, .„¦'.., ¦,;.:. ¦ ' .-.,"" ..¦ ;_; _ /•_... X ;.'.,.:•'•. > .-. ..-'.. -....-•' , ', ¦"
FOR NOME DIRECT:
TROM SAN FRANCISCO V..... 8. .8. ,"PORTI*».ND~..Aprn M. MB»*
from Seattle) v.'.:.'.:.; ..v:.;... ...:.........„.. ............a. s. . ~dora" April :' n.r isw •
. ..OM BAN FRANCISCO ...8. ; S. "RAINIER" ........Majr U. ISM
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:;
FBOJ4 SAW yRANCIScb .!..:'......„........... .:........ ...A.:.. .3. 8. "ST. PATH*" May Mta .
A Steamer' Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnlglit Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sltka; Prince William • Sound, Cooks Inlet/
>- Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM 8EATT1.8.'.:...V..i.....r.\ i .t..;.'..V.:.. i ;^.w *:".S.-* 8."; "BERTHA,'** oommenclair 'April . $ta
" . AND MONTHLY THEREATTSH. . ¦ .'
For n*w folders, ium and farther particulars as to frelrht and pasaaxa.' appty to ALAS. .
KA COMMKRCIAIj COMPANT. 110 Banaotna atrevt. Ban Francisco. CaL ' '
i.vfgr SaatUa aaUiasa apply to CAPT. JAS. CABROZiU Mutual Ufa Bufldln*. SaatUa,Waaa>
' ; :'- :: "- :: ;' : : " '' . . . ' . w», ¦'¦'¦¦ - "
MIDWEEK NOTES
AT THE THEATERS
"Because She. Loved Him So" will finish
the week at the Columbia Theater. Wil
lie Collier, a man of mark In comedy, will
follow with his own farce, "Mr. Smooth."
His cleverness in "The Man from ' Me
xico" augurs well for his new play, which
will be seen- here for the first time. %
The distinct artistic success of Burr Mc-
Intosh In "Pudd'nhead Wilson" attracts
more people !to the California Theater
with every performance. The play ' will
be continued 'next week. .
„ "Diplomacy" will give way- to "Aunt
Jack" at the Alcazar on Monday, night/
The play was one of the Palmer - Com
pany's greatest successes. . :
"The Idol's Eye" will be put out atthe
•Tivoli on Monday night. "Manila Bound"
will then receive Its long postponed pre
sentation.
At the Grand Opera-house "The Grand
Duchess" will give way Monday evening
to "El Capttan," which will . be • the ¦ pro
gramme all next week. ¦ The comic opera
season concludes Friday evening, April 6.
The Orpbeum's bill of new specialties is
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...FOR...
Nome, St Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL. POINTS JON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE ' UNITED STATES MAIL.
» . ..¦¦¦'¦¦ . . - .<tidsaßMMa)flßaßMM^9abaEßHMß«aHAnßS]aeKib; • ?•¦¦• -
Harry Morosco's 'Condition.
. Harry Morosco, the well-known theatri
cal manager, : Is still i lying in a" critical
condition at the : Lane Hospital. 1 1 He has
undergone a painful operation for appen
dicitis and Is greatly weakened by the
shack.' Dr. Stlllman is. attending the pa
tient and he gives every, hope for Mr.
; Best Ranch Eggs, H 15c a dozen at Fa-
ber'fl, 119 Taylor street. •
Kilpatrick Again in Court.
E. C. Kilpatrick has applied for a'wrlt
of prohibition " to restrain the Board of
Education from hearing the charges pre
ferred against him by R. P/Hoey and to
restrain R. H." Webster. ~ Superintendent
of Schools, from suspending him from his
position pending the disposition of the
charges. * .
Superfluous hair: removed without the
electric needle. Treatment 50c up. Ladles'
Hair Physicians, room 430, Parrott bids.*
ONE OF THE FAIR
SPRING EXHIBITS
Metropolitan Police Cloth Favored.
The Police * Commissioners' at *v their
meeting yesterday afternoon passed on a
number of liquor licenses. It was decided
to send to New York for a bolt of metro
politan police cloth such as is being worn
for the uniforms of the New York police.
The cloth on its arrival will be tested and
If found suitable will be adopted as the
regulation cloth of the local , Police De
partment. - It is . $1 a yard | cheaper than
the cloth that is now being used. - ; .
¦ Further hearing of tho ; application to
reopen the Hotel Nymphia was postponed
until to-morrow afternoon at 4:30 o'clock.
The Fire and Police, boards will hold a
Joint session this afternoon. x
MY BEAUTIFUL BABY BOY
W?ak Women 3lade Happy by Lvdla E.
Plnkbani's Trgetable Compound —
I>tt«rs from Two Who Now Hart
Chlldrea.
" Deak Mns. PnrKHAM : — It was my
ardent desire to have a child. I had
been married three years and was
childless, so wrote to you to find out
the reason- After fol-
K^^SHb^lSj came the mother of
From Grateful
Mrs. Lane
" Dear Mks.
Pixkham : — I
tgjßswWis&w'iw ' wrote you ale t-
m*^VyB&*"^m *^Vy8&*"^ *¥ tc r some time
ago, stating my case to jou.
" I had pains through my bowels,
headache, and backache, felt tired
md sleepy all the time, was tronbled
irith the whites. I followed your
advice, took 3-our Vegetable Com-
pound, and it did me lots of good. I
now hare a baby girl. I certainly be-
lieve I would have miscarried had it
not been for Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound. I had a very easy
time ; was sick only a short time. I
think your medicine" is a godsend to
women in the cocCtion in" which I
was. I recommend it to all as the best
medicine for women." — Mbs. Mabt
Lask, Coy tee, Term. "
Concerto by Sig. Lucchesi.
There " occasionally occurs something
worthy of notice in* the. way of serious
musical composition in San Francisco.
When Mme. Teresa Carreno was here she
was presented with a concerto for piano
and orchestra, written by Slg. Lucchesl,
and the composition is to have a hearing
In Berlin. Mr. Walter jDamrosch exam
ined the concerto during his recent visit
here and pronounced it a very creditable
work. ' . ¦ • • ' c
OFFENBACH AS
GOOD AS EVER
TASTE has changed and the popu
larity of Offenbach, once the king
of comic operators, has been seen
to cease; yet the invention, the art
and the good music are there, and it
does not take an old-fashioned ear to find
abundant melody In those familiar scores,
melody that Is still fresh and combined
with a musical treatment that makes the
frothy operas of these later days sound
like thirty cents rattled In the circulating
cup of a ferry-boat fiddler.
"The Grand Duchess" Is but one of the
many good things that old Offenbach did
for us. not the greatest, perhaps, but.lt
Is entitled to the place It fills In the cata
logue of opera comiques. It loses in
translation and suffers In being chanced
froto an Intimate satire on the little Ger
man principalities that existed prior to
the Franco-Prussian war to a' quite sim
ple and motiveless story supported. I
might say carried, by capital music.
"The Grand Duchess" is being given at
the Grand quite unpretentiously and well.
None of the. principals sins In singing or
acting to an unforgivable extent, which
being the case, there Is comfort and en
joyment to be had in the hearing of an
opera In which all should find, and I think
all can find, pleasure.
The part of the Grand Duchess Is rather
well adapted to Edith Mason, and I have
nothing but praise for her truly good
singing of "Say to- Him" In the second
act. Persse, of the tired voice, supple
mented this solo with a bit of singing that
was quite discreditable by contrast: If he
made the same conscientious effort to
sing his best that Miss Mason does his
performance would be much better than
It is. However, he does not seriously of-
Wolff, as General Bourn, Is the stereo
type comedian of the past, assiduously
servile to the traditions of make-up and
manner.
Miss Olive Vail, a small young woman
in a small part, has a pleasing appear
ance and sincerity. The work of the or
chestra Is even and compact and the per
formance moves along very smoothly.
The ensemble at the end of the: second
act was particularly well executed.
PORTER GARNETT.
I M Natural Mineral Water
? HK known for centuries and
,J ONLY IN BOTTLES.*;
0 iOwi Disordered Stomsai
?Kc^~=S It » Talua has been tsstl- i
+ f VIMY I So-called Vichy la Sy. '
J E^«K IS NOT V ICHY.
? *B^^Sft Get the Genuine. !
9 ¦BSsaSSf Tour phralclan <
1 bHcSRRSB wlu recommend It. <
| ?BSSBSS» *• T l3 *!**. DlitrftatUf igtat ;
? O^e-o-a-o-a-o-a-O-a-O -a- o-a-o-a-o -a-o-a-O-a-O-«
Monday, March 26. Wednesday and Satur
day afternoons following and Monday
afternoon, April 2.
enjoying a successful week. The sketch
by Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Drew is one of
the many features.
Harry Glazier In "The Three Musket
eers" Is the attraction at the Aihambra.
"The Lady in the Mask" is exciting cu
riosity at the Olympia.
The fourth act of "Trovatore" and vo
cal and instrumental selections are on the
programme at Fischer's Concert-house.
Paderewski will soon be in San Fran
cisco, having taken, on. It is said, three
and a half pounds in weight since his last
visit. The sale of seats for. his series of
recitals begins at the California Theater
this morning. The concerts are to take
place at*that house on the evening of
MlllilllllMIIIM!
Men Cured.
No Charge for Consultation.
Pay when well. "Marriage Guide" free, office)
or mail.' Home cures. Established 13 years. No
Injurious medicine used.
Dr. Meyers & Co.,
731 Market Street, S. F.
Hours. 3 to 5 dally. 7 to 8 evenings, * to 11
Sundays.
ELEVATOR ENTRANCE.
lIIIIIiIII i I I I I I I
lIMIIIII I I I I I I 1 t
then ¦ Just . above , the trunnions are two
handles In the form of dolphins curving
up from the barrel of the gun. It is Just
forward of these that the inscription of
dedication Is • engraved. -It is in these
words: -...•.-
"Captured at Santiago de' Cuba July 17,
lS9S,bythe. Fifth. Army Corps, command
ed by Major General William R. Shafter.
and presented -by him -to 'the city and
county of San Francisco In- trust for the
Native Sons of the Golden West, and ac
cepted by them as a token of the valor
and patriotism of the army' of the United
States." . •. - -,¦-•-,... - -¦¦¦¦
Then every one .who had been In the
speakers' stand went to lunch with Mayor
Prelan and the police ¦ withdrew • and let
the crowd surge around the gun. It was
an object of interest to the . passing
crowds all the afternoon and evening, for
there were few who did not stop to sco
and to read the inscriptions If, bears. It
Is ten feet long and weighs six thousand
pounds. It was cast March 23, 1754. What
Its has been doing all these years would
make an Interesting story, but it has
probably spilled i blood enough to earn a
quiet rest on the city's lawn, where Its
metal heart may reflect upon the past and
where It can do no more harm. .
Spanish weapon, but because It had been
captured by the conqueror of Santiago, a
citizen of California. '
"This cannon," the Mayor continued, Vis
a monument to historic associations^ and
as such is most acceptable to the city
of San Francisco. It will be a reminder
of the close connection between the his
tory of this State and that of Spain, and
it will be inscribed with the names of
those who have made this State possi
ble — those of Sloat and Montgomery and
Fremont and of such men." -
Frank Mattlson, grand orator of the
Native Sons, then spoke In behalf of the
order. "We will be glad to accept the
gun which speaks so eloquently of , Amer
ican valor and we shall always prize It as
one of our dearest possessions" were the
eloping words of his address.
This ended the ceremonies and then the
gentlemen came out of the stand and
gathered around the gun. the. army men
explaining to the civilians some of its
virtues as a weapon. Of Its beauties as a
work of art there Is no need of explana
tion. .It is carved with all the. fantastic
mottoes and names and crests with which
the joinmakers of the last century loved
to decorate their best work. All along
the chase there are names and crests and
army officers, public officials and officers
of the Native Sons that issued from the
Mayor's office and made its way through
the crowd to the stand, the band greet
ing their appearance with "Hall to the
Chief."
General Shafter was the first to speak.
He referred to the capture of the gun,
with a great many others, when Santiago
fell, and he told how eleven of the finest
were picked out and sent to Washington
for distribution among the States. He
applied for two for California and the
Government granted his request. One .of
them Is in Los Angeles; the other was
in the square.
"This gun," said General Shafter, "is
brought here and presented to the city
as an evidence of the valor and the glory
of the army of the United States in the
war of 1898. and, Mr. Mayor. I transfer
It to you as representing the city, that
the youth of this State may be reminded
of the patriotism and valor of the Ameri
can soldiers."
In reply Mayor Phelan made a grace
ful acknowledgment of the gift, saying
it became doubly valuable from the fact
that the gun was presented by the gen
eral who had captured it. It was not so
much, he said, because the gun was a
Morosco's ultimate recovery. A second
abscess has formed, and this will necessi
tate extreme measures. There have been
many sympathetic callers at the hospital,
but no one has been allowed to see the
patient.
Miss Irene Cooper, Assistant Superintendent Old People's Home.
mmßiMm&^mm^M
« In these days of all kinds of medicine It Is a comfort to know of a
remedy, which may be used with unquestioned beneficial results. I
gladly recommend Peruna as a safe, reliable remedy In cases of
catarrh of the stomach, helpful In building up the system worn out
with overwork or age. Several of my friends who have used Peru n*
have spoken of It In the highest terms, and I congratulate you on
GUARDED SANTIAGO NOW
GUARDS THE CITY HALL
HEALTH BOARD
STILL AT WORK
IN CHINATOWN
Preparations for Disinfection
and Medical Inspection
Buoyed by Three Suspicious Deaths
It Is Determined to Purify tha
• Celestial Quarter of . :
ruth. . ;
" Hardly had the local Board of. Health
recovered, from' , Its monomania,'- called
plague, when It suffered a relapse. Once
more " the members of that ' famous body
are | in . the { throes 'of the V dread disease
and unless the malady is broken in 'its
Incipient symptoms the imaginative facul
ties of the several representatives of pub
lic health are likely to run riot with an
epidemic of their own creation.
• Formerly ; a Chinese could leave this
vale _of tears without having suspicion
cast upon him.. But things are not what
they. used : to' be. When he passes to the
great ; beyond these - days he ' dies . under
a taint' that ; can only be removed > - by
autopsies, bacteriological analyses and a
sporting with ''supposititious - germs.
hiven men his hereatter is not secure.
Cultures .must be developed from ¦ the
microblc disorders '. that produced - his
death before the corpse is permitted to
pass the gates that divide this world from
the "next.- .¦ ; ¦¦..-• . - ' .
Three -. suspicious deaths :In Chinatown
in ias many days ' have aroused our | vigi
lant-Health Board to an epidemic of ac
tivity.;: That quarter will now be purified,
cleansed and scraped of its filth. In. or
der 'to do, this ' the Health • Board wants
$7600 < from the Supervisors. . Then : all - will
be well and the Chinese district will re
ceive the absolution that comes from ;tn
ounce of prevention. Seizing time by, the
forelock Is the motto' of the present Board
of Health. :
-Not only has their Intense solicitation
about the health of San Francisco guided
tneir . efforts, ; but they have also kept a
peeled eye open for the country at' large,
inspectors have . been appointed .to exam
ine all. Chinese leaving the city. At Third
and- Townsend -streets and • .Twenty-fifth
and Valencia, . medical experts . will stop
all . Chinese bent upon leaving; town and
force , them to .. undergo examination • and
Inspection. -The entire Harbor Emergency
Corps 'will; closely guard the ferry and
hold Chinese for medical inspection on the
spot/ Chief Sullivan has Instructed the
mounted V police In the outskirts of the
city to take; all suspected cases, to the
City; and County Hospital for examina
tion.-- •¦• ' i (
Health Officer O'Brien was kept busy
all yesterday ' morning examining appli
cants for i positions of emergency health
Inspectors for .duty In Chinatown. Over
a hundred men applied, but only seventy
three were found satisfactory. They were
ordered tto report at 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon .'for : further' instructions, but
will. not be started out on their tour of In
spection.: until this morning. Armed with
about a ton of disinfectants they will ln
»vade the filthy precincts In Chinatown
and subject that malodorous district to
the purifying influences of . chloride of
lime, • f ormaldehyd I and other germ-de
stroying disinfectants.
Headquarters for the Health Board
assistants lln their crusade against filth
will be established in Chinatown. At 1106
Stockton street the purifiers will congre
gate each morning before starting out for
the day's work. The terminal station will
be at 834 Sacramento street, where the
doctors themselves will be disinfected at
night.
¦ The evil that. the last quarantine scare
wrought has not yet- passed away. News
from Mazatlan received In this city yes
terday announces that* the steamer
Curacao, which- left. San Francisco on
March 8 and arrived at the Mexican port
on the 14th lnst., was • quarantined for
three days on account of the alarm that
bubonic plague had hit this city.-; - . -
>L. F. Lastreto, Consul of Nicaragua, Is
In receipt of a telegram from the Secre
tary of Foreign Affairs of that country,
asking If bubonic plague existed In this
port. Consul Lastreto responded Imme
diately that no such state of affairs
existed.
CLEANSING CHINATOWN.
Fifty Policemen to Assist the Health
-Inspectors. %--.>
Fifty policemen have ,, been detailed to
assist the Health Inspectors in their ef
forts to cleanse Chinatown. They will ac
company the corps of doctors on their
tour of. inspection and lend them every
assistance possible.
This actlon'was decided on at a meet
ing of the Police Commissioners yesterday
afternoon. . Complaints were made ' that
the Chinese greatly, interfered with the
work of the inspectors by refusing the.m
admittance to certain places, and other
wise* hampering their efforts. After a
short discussion it' was decided 'to send. a
detail of ten men each from the Central,
Southern, Harbor, California and Mission
stations. They will < report for duty in
Chinatown at 8:30 o'clock this morning.
¦ Police officers will be stationed, at the
railroad depot at Third and Townsend
streets and also at the ferries to assist
the Inspectors In examining the Chinese
passengers arriving in the city.
ADVANCED RATES
WITHOUT ASKING
THE COMMISSION
Southern Pacific Gets Into
Hot Water by Its Ar
bitrariness.
Cut Fares to Meet Competition and
Then Raised Them in Bold
Defiance of the
Law.
«
The Southern Pacific Company has
again overlooked the fact that there Is a
State Railroad Commission and as a con
sequence of this forgetfulness Is In a fair
¦way to have a large bunch of trouble un
loaded on Its hands.
Some three years ago the Huntlngton
people reduced their passenger rates from
San Francisco to San Joaquln Valley
points In order to meet the competition
that threatened them from a combination
of Valley road and Stockton ferry service.
The reduction was based on a 25-cent rate
from Stockton to San Francisco that had
been put In by the opposition. This rate
did not affect travel from valley polnta
to Stockton, but It did hit, and hit hard,
the traffic business from places like Mer
ced, Fresno and Bakersflcld to this city.
It did not only affect the opposition car
riers, who had an all-night trip on the
boat to their disadvantage as against the
quicker and more comfortable trip on the
Southern Pacific cars, but It did a great
deal of damage to the business interests
of Stockton and those places In the San
Joaquin Valley that acted as distributing
points for the consumers of the surround
ing- country-
II a. rancher or small storekeeper on the
line of the Southern Pacific was In need
of supplies he would consider that It
would cnly cost him a quarter more to go
clear through to San Francieco for his
supplies than It would to go to Stockton.
The consequence was that he would al
most Invariably come to this city and do
the purchasing that the Stockton mer
chant looked forward to for his profits.
This naturally raised a storm of protest
from the Stockton people, which was
backed up by the big wholesale bouses In
this city, whose revenues were derived
from the eales that they made to the
smaller traders In the interior.
Finally these protests became bo strong:
that the Southern Pacific Company was
forced to heed them, which it did In a
circular issued the day before yesterday
informing the public that on the 22d of
this month the limited rates between San
Francisco, Stockton and all intermediates
on main and branch lines, and from San
Francisco to all points south of Tracy
would be withdrawn and the regular com
mlspion rate once more put In force.
This action, the Southern Pacific Com
pany fancied, would do away with the
protests and complaints of the Interior
merchants and the city wholesalers, and
would at the same time allow the com
pary to profit by the increased returns
that* it would derive from higher fares.
There was one element thai the South
ern Pacific Company forgot to take Into
consideration, and that was the Railroad
Commission. It went right ahead read
juFtirg its passenger rates as though such
a body was not in existence, and In con
sequence will probably be unpleasantly
reminded that there is such a power and
that it will not brook interference with
its prerogatives, no matter from what
source the interference comes.
There is a law that says that It shall
lie with the Railroad Commission to make
and determine rates and that roads oper
ating within the jurisdiction of the com
mission must conform to the commis
sion's grading of charges. It is also pro
vided that when a road reduces its rates
in order to meet competition it cannot
again restore them to the first and
hijrher fipure without notifying the Rail
road Commission and getting such per
mission from that body.
This is ju.«t what the Southern Pacific
has dor.c and the Commissioners propose
to call it to account. Just what action
will be taken is not yet determined, but
will soon be. either at the regular meeting
next month or at a special one that may
bp railed to consider this particular case.
When seen last evening Commissioner
Lnumeister J=a.«d that he had, as yet. re
ceived no official notice from the South
ern Pacific of its having readjusted Its
valley rates, and did not think the road
would take such a step without consulting
the commission, until yesterday after
noon, when he had been Informed of the
issuance of the circulars announcing the
railroad's arbitrary act. He at once tele
phoned his associates, and Is now await
ing a conference with them, which will
probably take place in the near future..
Until the Commissioners meet nothing
definitely will be known of the step they
intend to take in order to bring the Hun
tinjrton peoj-le to a real'zation of the fact
that there is a power in the State that
even they must at least make a bluff at
bowing to.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
BERKELEY; March 21J— The fol
lowing alumni will attend " J the
charter day exercises next Friday:
C. A. Stonsifer, Modesto; T. O. Toland,
Ventura; E.- C. Farnsworth, Vlsalia; J.
F. Davis. Jackson; F. M. Angellottl. San
Rafael; Waldo 8. Waterman. San Diego;
J. E. Barber. Taylor; E. A. Meaerve. Los
Angeles; F. J. Solinsky, San Andreas; Ira
Hockkeimer. Willows; G. W. Pierce.
Davisville; L. G. Harrier. James Topley,
Vallejo; James F. Peck. Fred Koch, Mer
ced; Dr. Howard Gates. San Jose; W. L.
Rodgers. H. C. Wyckoff, Watsonvllle; J.
B. Reinsteln. Washington Dodge. W. B.
Storey Jr.. Arthur Rodgers. F. *W. Zeile,
San Francisco; W. A. Brewer, San Mateo;
Fred Searles. Nevada City; A. H. Ashley,
John Budd. Stockton; F. a. Stratton, John
Glascock, W. R. Davis, Dr. George C.
Pardee. Oakland; H. Stlllman, C. H. Bent
ley. Sacramento; Arthur J. Fletcher,
Ukiah;.Dr. R. W. Musgrave, Hanford; A.
B. McKenzle, Martinez; "A. 0. . Warner.
Fresno; J. E. Beard. Napa: Miss Millicent
Shinn. Niles; Miss L. M. Julian. Yreka.
Alexander G. McAdie gave the first of
a series of lectures onf the "Aims and
Methods of Meteorology" yesterday morn
ing in the student observatory. . He out
lined the difficulties of forecasting the
weather In San Francisco owing to the
absence of weather bureau stations
farther westward which could give warn
ing of the approach of a storm.
Manager Decoto of the track team re
ceived a letter from the' University ¦o>
Michigan to-day saying that a meet can
not be arranged for May 9, but must be
postponed until May 30. As this date is
not satisfactory to California another day
will have to be set or the meet called off.
Professor Hayne and Mr. Fowler con
ducted a farmers' institute at Glen Ellen
to-day. .
A meeting of the Science Association
was held this evening In the astronomical
lecture room of the students* observatory.-
A. W. Whiteney read a paper on "Evolu
tion and Theory of Probability."
•Professor A. C. Lanson, accompanied
by his class In field geology, will leave for
Amador and Calaveras counties about the
middle of April.
Mffi^SKgßEyjn table
I ' Bii J Hn'taHal Maal Mbbbbb! B ¦ bbbb]
y CATCK gSSaKatVf^L^ay M
snU M L ervl " p ' f wq * ' - M
FURNITURE BUYERS !
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
¦ IN ALT. LINES OT
FURNITURE. CARPETS. LINOUTCTM3. .
.; ; , MATTINGS. ETC.
From 10 to 10 per cent on account of enlafgin* .
¦tore. Mutt make room for new (ooda> Try
my credit system. The only liberal credit
house on the Coast. .
Prlcts lower than ever.
T.BRtLLIJiNT.
338-34Ow:ROST; ST.,
Bet. Powell and Stockton ' «ta>
Open evenings. ¦" >¦
Free delivery Oakland and suburb*.
An Ancient Spanish
Cannon Resting
Upon One of the
Lawns of San
Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.NOT A RIVAL IN SIGHT!
The beauty of our laundry work
makes r's justly proud, and we feel like
crowing every time we see the superb
color .and finish on the. shirts, . collars
and cuffs done up by our methods.
United . States Laundry. Offlos* '
1004. Market Street.
'Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 51 4 Eleventh St
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Op«»ra-hotise — "The Grand Duchess."
California— "Pudd'phead Wilson."
California— f 'a. k-rtwi-Ki. Monday. March 2C.
Columbia— "Because She Loved Him So."
Tlvoli-"Tl)e Idols Eye."
Alhambra— "Tcr^e Musketeer*."
A!«;izar— "Diplomacy."
On heura- Vaudeville.
Fischer* New Concert House — "II Trovatore."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
e\ - enin£.
Olymria, corner of Mason and Kddy streets. Specialties.
T. M. C. A. Auditorium— Lecture.
Sherman - Clay Hall— Afred A. Farland. Banjolst. Friday
ever.ir.K, Mar<-h £3.
Western Turf Association — Races to-day.
to ask in return for the unrestricted admission of Chi
nese to any British territory upon- the same terms ;is
the subjects of other 'nations with which Great
Britain has diplomatic relations. It is safe to say
that the Australasian colonies would ; sooner sever
their allegiance to. the mother country than consent
to open their ports to the Mongolian hordes. It is
fpon questions such as these that the colonies seek
for representation in the direction of the empire's
policy. They wish to have a voice in steering the
empire clear "of entanglements which directly affect
them, and that will not be attained by a mere friendly
and informal discussion with the Australian delegates
who are to advise on the commonwealth bill, and
who have no authority to deal with matters out
side it." ¦ > v. ' , .
It will be seen the Australians are not so loyalto
the mother country as ! to be indifferent to Australia
itself. In fact, they are in favor of the empire pro
vided they have a share in the government of the em
pire. They are not content that Great' Britain should
be the whole thing. In a short time," therefore, the
British will be called upon to decide whether they
will surrender their empire or abandon their claim
to have the exclusive right'to govern it.'
TWO TREATIES THAT SETTLE THE RIGHTS
OF PARTIES BATTLING IN THE BOER WAR
STATUS OF THE ISLANDERS.
/V/V ORGAN of Alabama, the evil genius of the
/ \ Senate and of the country, has been ¦ heard
-,'j"t*i again. He declares all the inhabitants of our
island possessions entitled to full citizenship, and that
resistance to our authority in Cuba will be rebellion
against the United States, the same as such resistance'
is rebellion in the Philippines.
Readers of The Call will remember that we printed
signed interviews with'many hundreds of the volun
teers from many States who returned from the Phil
ippines last year. Almost without exception these
volunteers discussed fellow-citizenship for the Fili
pinos and answered "Never" to the proposition. -
The expansionists have gone from folly to folly in
;his business, and Senator Morgan has invariably led
the procession. .. . • . .„
The American people will not have the islanders as
fellow citizens and free commoners. That, may as
well be understood now as later- on. To admit, them
to such status is probably the shortest road to de
struction of the republic that can be desired. It does
not mean that we will wait and put the evil day afar
oft by making them Territories, for if citizens of the.
United States in a Territory they become citizens of
any State to which they choose to resort upon fulfill
ing its law as to length of. residence.
That all of these islanders will swarm into the ex
isting States, if they be citizens, there is no doubt.
/They can spare annually the surplus of their eighteen
millions of people in such numbers as will leave far'
behind the highest annual immigration we have ever
had from Europe. If they are not fit to govern them
selves in Territories, they will come to the States and
help govern us, whether we like it or hot.
Morgan's position on Cuba is in line with his
foreign policy ideas. He and Money of Mississippi
are original annexationists. A large number of the
Democrats in both branches of Congress intend to
hold on to Cuba. For that they urged on the Span
ish war. If that party were in power we would have
full citizenship for all the islanders, as Morgan says,
"without regard to race or other conditions," and we
would have unlimited free trade with the islands.
If there is anything to be learned from experience
this incorporation into our body politic of these peo
ple will bring disaster to us, with no offsetting bene
fit to them.
i The declaration as to Cuba will probably bring
things to a head there. A strong party .follows Mor
gan in breaking our word and seizing the island, or
rather suppressing its people and staying there.
It is discovered now that the Spanish residents who
own the property want to be annexed to the United
States, and that it is only the masses of the people,
principally negroes, who want independence. But
those masses are the force that fought Spain. They
were the insurgents. They were the concentradoes;
they were the people of Cuba declared to be indepen
dent, in whose name we demanded that Spain with
draw from the island.
The Spanish residents were loyal to Spain. They
did not revolt and did not wish the independence
which we said belonged to the Cubans.
Yet Morgan declares that if the masses attempt to
gain the independence we said was already theirs, it
will be rebellion against the United States.
At least the country is thankful for these occasional
exposures of what Morgan's party will do. if it get
the power to do anything. Colonel Bryan said two
months ago that whenever we see a people fit for self
government this country can take them in. Morgan
sees eighteen millions of tropical islanders ready to
be taken in.
Sensible Americans see in this no safe solution of
the dark and dreadful problem presented to us by the
results of the Spanish war. Such Americans don't
want to govern these aliens of the tropics from with
out, nor permit them to govern us from within. Bet
ter let them profit what they may in our protection
and example, and govern themselves. •
. ; Dr. Blegert's Angostura Blttera Is known" all
over ' tha world as tha great regulator jof the
dUnaUvc oceans. : -
O 1 FT' f"^ Oil 1 I -Corner Fourth and
bArt nUiAL «£1
Personally Conducted Excursions
In improved whle-vcstlbuled Pullman tourist
rlecplns can via Santa Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors ¦ accompany \ these excur
sions to J look ; after the welfare of passenger*.
To r Chicago " and r Kansas 'City >• every Sunday.
Wednesday ¦ and s Friday. ; To • Boston, Montreal
Ind Toronto . every i Wednesday. To ' St. ; Louis
-very Sunday. Q To' St. ; Paul every : Sunday ¦ an .
i-'riday." .' TJcket^office. 62S» Market sstreetr-^-, "=
It is unfortunate that Mayor Phelan did not carry
hi* flag: scheme to its logical .conclusion. He might
have taken an idea from the collegians, and while of
fering a prize for a city flag offered another for a
municipal yell. It would be extremely interesting to
dignify the town with a supervisorial yell, to be used
only on occasions of state.
Cape Nome has its leading reading-room situated
<;!rectly opposite to a hospital. " Some advance copies
of the yellow journal must have reached the .town.
U. S. FLAGSHIP. IOWA
To : Anchor ; Off f Jfotel 3>el. Monte,
;
-. Word , ha* . been ,; received , from . Rear ' Admiral
Albert " Kautx * that .; the. ; U." B., flaicsMD lowa
will arrive land anchor: In! the bay of Monterey
on Sunday next, the 25th inst., and will remain
for ' *t : : least f on* ). week."*. -;' A - : ;' ?; ..iT--"j '';•-' •.'-'>.
'This information » will " no dourbt } be heralded
with : delight by \ many." of , our; society : people,
who will desire to visit Del Monte at. that time
and if participate % In *, the ? many., social '• functions
that usually take place when r>ne r>f the ships
of. the navy Is anchored In old Monterey Bay.
As ariile.the: woman who Is her own
dressmaker gets into many bad. habits.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NO NATIONAL HOLIDAYS— HazeI and
Susie, City. There are no national holi
days in the United States. _
-NOT LEPROSY— A., Alameda, Cal. In
the case of -William- Henry Horn, recent
ly taken In charge on suspicion of being a
leper. • was - discharged by r the health au
thorities,'there being no evidence of lep
rosy, rv;.'.' r ¦. -¦
TEMPERATURE OF THE BLOOD—
Subscriber, City. A person who believes
that the temperature of the blood Is too
high • should consult a competent physi
cian, who will give advice as to proper
treatment.; Such r a condition Is brought
about by various causes and what might
be effective in ¦ one • case might ¦ be . detri
mental In another. ,
' OAKLAND AND- HAYWARDS-Sub
ecrlber. The county road between Oak
land andHaywardsJs lit with electricity
furnished by the Oakland. • Ban Leandro
and Hay wards Car Company. That corpo
ration holds a; contract for furnishing the
lights. It was paid 1300 for wiring and for
furnishing thirty lights between Oakland
and" San Leandro'and sixteen . lights be
tween San Leandroand Haywards. The
ccst. is J4 80 for each Jamp per month,
lamps ; to-be lit ¦ according -to moonlight
schedule. The lamps are ,5 amperes, 100
volts. Distance between each lamp. 1000
feet. • '.-.:':'¦ .
Special ¦ information supplied dally "to
business houses and ¦ public . men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1041 " ,- ¦;
Cal. glace fruit EOe per Ib atTownsend's."
UNITED AT
THE ALTAR
Nuptials of Orvllle C. Bald
, win and Miss Ella
Peterson.
Last evening at half-past 8 o'clock Or
vllle Charles Baldwin and Miss Ella
Peterson were married at Plymouth Con
gregational Church in -the presence 'of a
large number of invited guests. The bride
was ' attended by ' her sister. Miss Emily
Peterson, who officiated as maid of honor,
and Miss Daisy Peterson, Miss Emily Ed
wards, Miss Maud Long and Miss Alice
Vice, who acted. as bridesmaids. G. Fens
Baldwin was best man, and the ushers
were E. J. Vogel.Hugo M. Lorber. Georgn
A. Turner and Fabrius «T. Finch.
I After the ceremony there was a recep
tion at the residence of the bride's moth
er, Mrs. Emily ;M. Peterson, 1515 Webster
street. , . , . . .
Mr. and Mrs." Baldwin leave this morn
ing for a week's stay in Southern Cali
fornia, and on their return will take up
their residence at 2330 Pine street.'
GREAT MEN ON WAR.
Colton— War Is a game In which princes
seldom win; the people neVer... ¦ .
Frederick the Great lof Prussia— l am
sick of war. * . " ;
Duke of •Wellington— Take my word for
it, tf you had ; sfcen but one day of war
you would pray to Almighty .God that you
might never *see ¦ such* a thing "again.
..Lord Napier — Fortune < always asserts
her supremacy in war; and often from a
slight mistake so disastrous consequences
follow that In every age the uncertainty
of war is a proverb. ,•/,
. A soldier to the - Duke of Marlborougn,
after Blenheim— lt may -be glorious, but I
am, thinking that all the human blood I
have splllea this day has only earned me
fourpence. • ' : ; . : ~
Napoleon Bonaparte-r-A. trade of bar
barians,, the whole art of which consists
In being strongest at a given point.
Sir Walter Raleigh— Tne bodies of men,
munition and money may Justly be called
the sine.ws of war. ¦ ¦;" ¦:•¦ • '
AN ACT THAT HAS FAILED.
SOME time ago we directed attention to the sat
isfaction expressed by the British press in the
operation of the act requiring all shopkeepers
to provide seats for their assistants. The law went
into effect with the beginning of the year, and the ex
pectation was it would be promptly and universally
obeyed. It now appears the situation is by no means
so pleasing as was believed, and that the. shopgirls
are not much better off than they were before.
.The London Social Gazettej.iri describing the work
ing of the act after the two months of trial, says: "It
is true that when one in authority calls to inquire into
the matter he finds nothing to which he can take ex
ception. But yet no Jone ever sees the girls - ; sitting
down. The explanation is .simple. Seats are pro
vided, but no one is allowed to sit on them. The act
only says that seats must be provided. It does not
say, that assistants must be given an opportunity of
pitting on them. So - their comfort is sacrificed to
appearances, and the seats* are only used for orna
ment." ¦:',:_' '. y:V
,On that showing a question arises as 'to what the
Government. ought to do or can do' next. The West
minster Gazette,, in commenting upon the statements
of the Social Gazette, says' if that paper knows of any
shops where orders ar e |giyen".that'the seats must not
be used it should publish them,^ in' order that "the pub
lic might refuse to patronize them. * 'That /remedy,
however, bears a closer,resembiance to" a ! boycott than
to Government regulation,, and it : is -doubtful ; if ; it
could be made effective.; ¦'¦' "¦'-,' ' ;
The ; operation in California of the law requiring
seats for women employedrin ! shops and stores has
been more fully regarded by employers than that in
Great Britain. ' It is true there have been violations of
it,. and complaints have at times been made that it
was not fully '; enforced. Only f a : short time ' ago ' a
society of public-spirited and philanthropic women
found,, it to begin something like a. crusade
against ¦ the violators of the ; act. *Upl to this - time,
however, no conspicuous case of violation preya-;
sion- has been' noted. California merchants and-fac
tory owners ' have not reached the British point ; of
obeying, the law by .providing - peats, for their} ernr
pioyes but, denying them the privilege of using the
'seats.-; ... . .>•- •. •,
The recent efforts of English troops to "civilize"
Borneo would suggest that the easiest and most sat
isfactory way of accomplishing the job would be to
blow up the island.
AUSTRALIA AND THE EMPIRE.
rROM two correspondents in Australia the Lon
don Chronicle recently published letters which
show that notwithstanding the prevailing enthu
siasm of imperial loyalty -in the colony due to the
war feeling, the Australians are by no means satis
fied with the position they occupy in the empire. They
desire "a revision of the imperial system which will
place that colony more on an equality with Great
Britain in determining the course of imperial affairs.
One of the writers declares there has been a feeling
of "alarm and unrest" throughout Australia on ac
count of a report that the Australian federation bill
is to be considered and possibly altered by the im
perial Parliament. The report was. due to a cable
gram from Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary for the
Colonies, to the Hon. Alfred Deakin of Melbourne
requesting. him and other Australian leaders to come
to London and "give assistance when the Australian
commonwealth constitution bill comes before the im
perial Parliament."- . '
Commenting upon the feeling aroused by the re
port the writer says: "So keen is the edge of public
opinion on the matter that any serious amendment
to the bill would go far to mar the 1 spirit of liberal
imperialism which the departing Governor of Victoria
so strenuously fostered during his four and a half
years of office." As an evidence of the temper of the
people he quotes the Age as saying: "Does the im
perial Government contemplate making any radical
changes in the bill, and are these delegates to assent
to such changes in the name of the colonies? That
is not to be thought of. Would Australia, as a whole,
be willing, after all the work that has been done in
convention, conference and two referendums, that the
final provisions of the Australian federal constitution
are to be assented to. by any two or three Govern
ment appointed delegates? That is outside any con
ceivable conditions. The commonwealth bill is the
accepted constitution of the Australian people. Mr.
Chamberlain knows this, and we cannot think of his
cable message as meaning more than it says."
The other correspondent sounds a still bolder note.
He not only denies the right of the imperial Parlia
ment to alter or amend a constitution adopted by the
Australian people, but he claims for Australia a right
to be heard in all imperial affairs, and representation
in the imperial Cabinet. In the course of his letter
he says: "Australasia feels _that it has been cavalierly
treated in the Samoan settlement, but a question of
far greater importance to her may at any time arise
out of the growing/desire for expansion in China-
All the Australasian* colonies put heavy restrictions in
the way of Chinese immigration, and the tendency
15 to make them even more stringent than they now
are. If Great Britain desires an open door in- China
and the free entry-of her subjects into that country.
it is perfectly reasonable for the Chinese Government
William F. Herrin seems to be in a most unfortu
nate predicament. The lawyers in the Southern Pa
cific Company think he is a politician, and the politi
cians believe that he is a lawyer. H. E. Huntington
is convinced that he is neither.
EVIDENCE PROM ARIZONA
I \ ECENTLY we called attention to the destruc-
I— / tion of the stock ranges ot Arizona, caused by
overstocking and using cattle and sheep as free
commoners. At that time we noted the permit, by
the Secretary of the Interior, for sheep grazing on the
Liack Mesa. Since then it seems that demand has
been made to reopen the Arizona forest reserves to
the grazing of sheep and goats. This proposition is
Leing resisted by the irrigators, who show that by
giazing the forests large areas have become barren,
the soil is washed off, and the exposed rocks increase
the aridity of the country. The rainfall has remained
rormal, but destruction of the reservoir capacity of
the forest land has wasted the water in floods and
evaporation. Maricopa County has irrigated land in
jured by the decreased water supply that is assessed
at nine millions, while all the sheep in the Territory
are assessed at less than one million.
There is but one effective remedy for this state of
things. Until it is applied all others are merely pal;
ttring with the matler. The stock ranges should be
leased and every man compelled to keep his stock on
his leasehold. He will then have a motive for pre
serving rather than destroying the natural forage
which preserves the porosity of the soil and enables
it to store wat%.r.
A Nevada sheepherder ' named Nelson has ad
dressed a letter to the National Irrigation Associa
tion. .He is president of the Nevada Wool-growers'
Association, and declares that he is opposed to irri
gation and to leasing the ranges. Two paragraphs
from his letter reveal the issue. He says: "The
proposition is to let the cattle run at large same as at
present, on the range of the sheep man, but to con
fine the sheep man to the ground he actually owns or
rents. While I believe that any law of that nature
will be ruinous to Nevada, still I will not complain
if the law applies to all alike. But to confine me to
a limit and permit my neighbor to occupy my land
and his own and the unleased public domain is giv
ing him an unjust advantage."
Of conrse no one ever proposed any such law, for
N'fvada. Arizona or anywhere else. But the people
who want to raise crops and want water to irrigate
their lands for that purpose insist that the ranges
«hall he leased and that all owners of cattle, horses
;ind sheep shall keep their stock on their own lease
holds. President Nelson may rouse prejudice and
cupidity by such misstatements, but he should not be
able to impede legislation thereby.
He denies that there is any water to store iri
N>vada, and says a man cannot make a living on
Nevada land, and adds: "If any one doubts let
him go to California, in the rain belt, where they do
not need irrigation, and see the heartbreaking fail
nres that have been made.' See the deserted houses
-'¦nd improvements." We are at a loss to know what
he means by that, unless he thinks that there is no
'awful nor gainful occupation left in the world ex
rept shecpherding. He evidently looks upon this
Stale as a proper field for monopoly by that business.
His letter, and events in Arizona, give further point
zn the warning we have uttered from time to time,
that the men of the West who want a. proper grazing
policy, and the irrigators who want agriculture and
horticulture, should rouse from their indifference and
move Congress to action.
AUCTION SALES.
Py Pullivan & Doyle— Friday. March J3. at 11 o'clock.
Horsew, at KM Valencia ttreet.
By W. G. Layng— Monday, March 28, ax 10:30 o'clock,
Horws, at 7H Howard street.
By Kaslon. Eldridge & Co.— Tuesday. March 27, at 12
o'clock. Real Estate, at CS4 Market street.
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE CLUBS
ON April 27 . the convention of Republican
League Clubs of the State is to assemble at
Los. Angeles. It is therefore timely for all
clubs of the league throughout the commonwealth to
begin preparations for the occasion. Nor should the
activity be confined to members of existing clubs, but
Republicans in districts where there is no club should
set to work to organize one and raise its membership
to the highest number possible.
In politics, as in every, other department of endea
vor," it is organization that wins. The enthusiasm of
individual's- and the stimulus of able leadership no
doubt accomplish much, but they cannot make up for
the lack of that co-pperation which comes only from
well disciplined organized masses. The efficiency of
clubs in campaign workhas long since been demon
strated, and some of the most notable victories of the
Republican party have been due largely to the efforts
of the Jeague clubs. . •' . < .
At the present time the .outlook of the coming
campaign shows a bright prospect for republicanism
in all parts of the Union except in the Bourbon dis
tricts of the South. The only menace of danger which
political experts can see upon the horizon is that the
rank and file of the party may be over sanguine, of
victory. and in their assurance fail, to make the efforts
required to win it., * Against that danger the party
must now be on guard. Preparations for this strug
gle must be made as amply and as comprehensively
as those for the contest against Bryanism in 1896, for
it is to be the same fight over agaiu. and will be
waged by the Bryanites with less hope, perhaps, but
not with less passion than before. The supporters of
protection and sound money and that general Repub
lican policy upon which our present prosperity de
pends cannot afford to take chances of a reverse in
any State. They must organize for victory.
The Republican League clubs, it must be borne in
mind, have no affiliations with party factions, nor are
they supporters of the candidacy of any man or set
of men for any office. They are banded together for
the purpose of upholding Republicanism, but for no
other object. No member of the party can have any
objection to allying himself with them if he be suffi
ciently 1 earnest to desire to take an active part in the
campaign. ¦ ' .
It is desirable there should be an efficient party or
ganization in every county, township, city, ward and
precinct, and to that end there should be in each
locality a well organized club composed of a large and
vigorous membership. It is, moreover, important
that the league convention be attended by representa
tives of the party from all parts of the commonwealth
and of all sections of the party. Existing clubs
should therefore set at once about the task of reor
ganizing and renewing tbeir activity, and new clubs
should be formed wherever they may be needed, so
that strong and influential delegations may be sent
to the league convention. That is the first campaign
work to be undertaken, and it should be entered upon
with the vim and vigor that assure victory.
If the Santa Cruz youth who played truant , from
Sunday school to get killed in a prize fight did noth
ing' else he furnished an awful example for the town
for years to come. / . .
Editor The Call: Probably there is no subject to-day that so intensely interests the minds of the public as^the
rights of the two little republics now in ,the slowly tightening grasp of the greatest empire on the earth— nor is there
any subject on which there is such a dearth of reliable information. The rights of the parties are settled by . tre *V? 3
locked up in London and Pretoria. Recently in reading "The Transvaal From Within" (byiFitzpatnck, published in
London) I came across a verbatim copy of these treaties, and was delighted, as now I could seevhat the rights ot tne
parties were. Thinking that your readers may be equally interested I venture to inclose to you a copy of the essential
provisions: .. . _- _ •
'On examining the treaty of 1884 I found it stated it was to be "substituted for" the treaty of iBSr (see its pre
amble), so it becomes unnecesary to consult the former, as the latter thus completely takes its. place, and hence De
comes the only compact to be considered. I have added to this two English statements of England s posiUon-7-one _Dy
Sir William Harcourt and the other by Mr. -Chamberlain, expressed before the House of Commons— and, by taking
English views, it hardly seems that injustice could thereby be done to England. The debate was as follows: y^ '.
Sir W. Harcourt— •• "This amendment challenges the
Government to give an account— it challenges their policy in
entering upon the war. • • It is the object of the amendment
to extract from them some adequate explanation of the causes
-which have led to what Lord Salisbury calls our '.state of hu
miliation.' • • . .- : , .
• - "And what a preposterous doctrine this is that the greater
the disasters In which the Government involves the country
the more certain they ought to be of Impunity. (Opposition
cheers and laughter.) • • . ¦ - . - .
"The policy of 1881 and 1884 lies at the root of the whole mat
ter. • •
"I am quite sure the Colonial Secretary has not forgotten
that I was his colleague at that time, because I was his most
earnest and constant supporter in the policy which was then
pursued. (Hear, hear.) I hope I may be allowed to state; in
words characterized by all the force and lucidity which always
distinguish the statements of the right honorable gentleman
what was the policy of 1881: Mr. Chamberlain (at that time)
went on to say: 'But these were not the main reasons making
it, as we submit, impossible to maintain the annexation of the
Transvaal.' ¦ He thought that course was Impossible for any
Government caring for the honor as well as for the interests or
this country. It was contrary to treaty engagements. It was
contrary to the best traditions of a free country. When they
found out that the wishes and the sentiments of the Boers were
entirely misunderstood and that they had gained the Transvaal
under false pretenses, they were bound in honor to withdraw
from a position which they had ' unwittingly and wrongfully
taken up, and he could not understand how those who talked so
glibly of the honor of the country should fair to see that the
greatest pain and humiliation would be in maintaining a high
handed breach of faith and destroying the Independence ot a-peo
ple whom they had solemnly engaged to respect. (Opposition
cheers.) That was the policy of 1881 as declared by Mr. Cham
berlain. Ido not know if he has altered his opinion, but I ad
here to mine, and I am as proud of the policy to-day as I was
then. (Opposition cheers.) ....
"There have been other governments since then. There was
the government of Lord Salisbury, and by the mouth of Mr. W.
H. Smith it decried that they could not pretend to interfere
with the internal government of the Transvaal outside the con
ventions. Thesame thing was said by the late Under Secretary
for the Colonies in the government of Lord Rosebery, and that
was the situation In 1895, when this government undertook the
management of affairs. It might be said that, a great deal had
happened between 1881 and 1895. , (Hear, hear.) There had
grown up the population of Johannesburg, the grievances of
the Uitlanders had become acute, and the conventions were no
longer applicable to the situation. Was that the view taken by
this Government in 1895? In 1896, by an almost singular coinci
dence, the policy of the Government was declared by the same
voice which declared the policy of the Government of 1881. The
Colonial Secretary was then again the organ of the party which
he had Joined, as he had been the organ of the party he had
left. (Laughter.) His view was precisely the same. In 18S1 ne
pointed out the dangers and perils which would arise from a
war to enforce the internal reforms in the Transvaal, the Infi
nite dangers and perils which would accrue to this country; and
he said In 1596: 'To go to war with President Kruger to enforce
upon him reforms In the internal concerns of the state which
successive Secretaries of State have repudiated all rights of
Interference— that would have been a course of action as im
moral as It would have been unwise.' (Hear, hear.) He- then
proceeded to explain the exact relation between the British ana
the Transvaal Governments created by the conventions, and
said that the only right Is one. of friendly representation. In a
formal manner he also declared that 'since the convention of ISS4
her Majesty's Government has recognized the South African
republic as a free and independent Government as regards all
Its internal affairs ', . . . .
"It la quite plain, then, that In 1895 and 1896 the present ad
ministration regarded the situation in that respect as In exactly
the same position as it was placed fifteen years before. That
was the policy of the Government up to 1896, but it has been
radically altered since, and it is to the reversal of that policy,
in my opinion, that this war is due. (Opposition cheers.) Ne
gotiations went on for a time, but at last they were broken
off and you (Mr. Chamberlain) said, 'We will inform you what
our terms are.' It has been said that you thought peace was
possible and even probable under those circumstances. How
came you to think that? True, the phrase was used, 'We will
respect their Independence,' but that was a mockery. -The
leader of the House said he In common with all best opinions in
South Africa expected President Kruger to yield. Where did
you -collect 'the best opinion in South Africa' from? We have
been told that we are to place implicit confidence In the man on
the spot. . The man on the spot was not 'the best African opin
ion.' (Opposition cheers.) He was a newcomer to South Africa,
with little experience. The 'man in the street' — many men in
the street— knew a great deal more about the situation than the
man on the. spot. The great misfortune was, and one of the
causes of this war, that the only men consulted were men on
one side of the street (opposition cheers)— that side which was
inhabited by the authors of the raid. (Renewed opposition
cheers.) There was one other source of 'best African opinion'
at home— l suppose the helots who inhabit Park lane. (Laugh
ter.) In my opinion that was not 'the best South African opjn
icn' which misled you." • ¦¦••.-
Mr. Chamberlain— Does the right honorable gentleman mean
to assert that the persons to whom he refers were consulted by
the Colonial Office and no others?
Sir W . Harcourt— l have asked what was the best South
African opinion,' and I say that is not the best. (Ministerial
laughter and Irish cheers.) There was another South African
opinion which was a great deal better. The Prime Minister of
Natal pointed out the alarm that was felt at the prospect of
war and at the injury It would impose upon. his own State, and
he asked you, if you could, to avoid it. Then there was the
more ¦ remarkable protest of President Steyn. who said. "For
God's sake tell us what your terms are and do not menace us
by placing troops upon the frontiers of the Free State and the
Colony " But you would not state terms, and you did place
troops there. The whole spirit In which military preparations
and everything else have been made has been contempt for .the
character of the Boers and their resources. The • Governmnt
dealt with them as If they were inferior people, whom they had
only to Intimidate. Your experts told you of their /military
forces but there seems to have been an element which above
all ought to have been taken into account— namely, the Indom
itable energy of a free people fighting for their Independence.
(Irish cheers.) • •
"You will have 200,000 men in the field. Of course the victory
is In your hands; you can subjugate the Dutch race in South
'Africa. (."Hear, hear," . and "No, no," from the Nationalist
"Lord Salisbury in his speech pointed out the dangerous na
ture of the doctrine which suggested that It was our duty to
take everything we could, to fight everybody and make a quar
rel of every dispute, and warned the country against that rash
ness which had more than once been the ruin of great nations.
We have been told that we shall derive many. le3 , son^ f J2??JnL
war-lessons In the region of military and naval P"!"**"?"":
But there Is another lesson which far more concerns the ' 8af«y
of this country, and that Is not to exasperate by an arrogant
and Insulting demeanor those whom we desire to De our
friends." (Opposition cheers.) • • • ' ,w._
Mr. Chamberlain said: "Every man who addresses us In this
debate must form his own judgment of what it J 9 a flt * ln * f"**
useful and patriotic to say on such an occasion, at aucn a time
and In such an assemblage. The right honorable senVem&n
who has just sat down has no doubt Formed his own standard.
i will only say that I think to-morrow the country will diner
from that standard. (Ministerial cheers.) "What la the situa
tion? We have reached a critical stage of the war. • «"*«
tv hat Is the message which the right honorable gentleman
brings to his country? • • He enters upon a critical examina
tion • • of all that preceded this war. and with what object?
In order to indicate to all these people that the war is immoral
and unjust. (Irish cheers.) , ' . "..^ •__.•_„
"How shall I deal with these criticisms against the P«»cy
of the Government previous to the commencement of the war.
I might leave right honorable gentlemen on. the front ben en
opposite to answer one another. I might leave Mr. Rojison to
answer to Sir R. Reid and Sir Edward Grey to answer the right
'honorable gentleman who has Just sat down. I might refer to
the fact that these right honorable gentlemen who have taicen
' this critical view of the proceedings of the Government have not
added one new fact or argument or suggestion to what tne.
said at great length and' to which we replied at equal length
during the short session of October last, are we now.
after the House has decided and the country has decided." again
to be dragged through that issue, when we have more important
and urgent matters to discuss? (Ministerial cheers.) Although
I refuse to be drawn into a discussion of petty details (Minis
terial, cheers), yet I do feel that those who are losers by this
war. those especially who have lost friends or relatives, are
entitled to have it Insisted upon again and again whenever the
question is raised that this war Is Just and necessary. (Irish
cries of "Oh. oh." and Ministerial cheers.) I want the House
for a few minutes to look at the matter broadly, and not to stop
to consider shreds and patches of the subject, but the general
drift of events and the general current of policy.
' '*. PEDDLING IN EDDIES. ,£* !
"We have to watch the river as it flows to the sea and not to
waste time in peddling In eddies, which seem to but do not de
lay Its course. Speaking from that point of view, I say that the
issues as between Boer and Briton, between this country ana
the South African republics, are great and real issues and not
technical issues. , They do not stand upon the trivialities or de
bate and are not to-be considered as if it were a civil case in a
civil court. (Hear, hear.) The right honorable gentleman, I
will do him the Justice to say, saw that these issues cannot be
discussed as they are sought to be discussed by the terms of
this amendment, by confining yourselves strictly to the year
1895, when the Government became responsible for South
African affairs. These Issues were there long before 1595. even
before 1881, before the raid, the Bloemfonteln conference and tha
franchise question. - ¦¦¦ _ .¦
". And I want to point out that their (the Boers ) remedy for
the difficulties which I found the moment I came Into office was
a five years* franchise. • • ••
"The difficulties between ourselves and the Transvaal are
not the work of one Government. • • They are Inherent in
the circumstances, in the great differences which exist between
the Boer character and the British character, between Boer
civilization and British civilization, and between Boer education
and British education. (Cheers.) There you will find the root
cause of all that has happened. What has been the Boer pol
cy? lam not talking of conspiracy. The Boer aspiration from
first to last has been to get rid of every shred and vestige of
British supremacy and substitute for It a Boer supremacy. • •
A CONTKST FOR SUPREMACY.
"But this must be marked. It was a contest for supremacy.
Yes; but what kind of a supremacy? The supremacy of th«
Boers means, as we know, the Inferiority of every other race.
(Hear hear.) Our supremacy, so far as w« have been able to
use it, has been used and will be used in order to secure the
equality of the white races and justice for the black. (Cheers.)
There was the issue then. It was a contest for supremacy dat-
Lng back I know not for how many years and for a different kind
of civilization. That issue had got to be tried: that battle had
got to be fought; one or the other party had to give way if
peace was to be preserved. (Hear, hear.) • • •
'^Vhen we came into office we felt very quickly that a solu
tion must be found. (Hear, hear.) Things could not go on with
a rapid and daily increase In the hostility between the .two
taces. That was the worst feature of the situation— the growing
feeling of dissatisfaction and irritation between people who
ought to have lived amicably together, and who had as a rule
previously done so. The time had come when in some way or
ether this long-standing difference must be settled. We believed
then and we hoped to the last that a peaceful settlement could
be attained. We hoped that when President Kruger saw how
little it was we asked and how determined we were to have It
he would give .way. (Hear, hear.) • •
"Our demands were moderate. • •
"Now. this is my proposition. The war la a Just, a righteous
and a necessary war. (Cheers and Nationalist dissent.) The
opinion of the Irish Nationalist members Is nothlnp. (Hear.
h<?ar.) • • Ido not. therefore., appeal to them. But I do appeal
to the party opposite, and I ask them. Do they say that this
•war is just and necessary and righteous? (Some cries of "No.")
• • w> know they are divided. • • When you 'deplore a want
of Judgment, foresight and knowledge' you Imply, if you do not
say in words, that the war mljcht have been prevented. (Irish
cheers.) A war that could have been prevented is an unnecea
jtarywar, and I am not here to anrue that an unnecessary war
can ever be a just war. That beinsr the case, I proceed to ask
a" question. Why have not the gentlemen who entertain these
views the courage of their convictions? Why do not they vote
against the war? • •
VBut I take it that like us. having regard to what has hap
pened, having regard to' the evidence that we have been dally
increasing as to the enormous preparation* of the Boers, and to
the evidence of a carefully prepared plan for the Invasion of
British colonies— (lrish laughter.) .• •
"I »ay, speaking for the Government, that in so far as In us
lies there shall be no second Majuba. (Ministerial ch«ers.)
Never again with our consent if we have the power, never again
shall the Boer be able to erect In the heart of South Africa a
citadel whence proceed disaffection and race' animosity to en
danger the paramountcy of Great Britain. (Ministerial cheers.)
Never again shall he be able to treat an Englishman as If h©
belonged to an Inferior race. (Ministerial cheers.) •• •. ¦
"We are advancing steadily, if slowly, to the realization of
that great federation of our race which will inevitably raako
for peace and liberty and justice."
—From London Dally Telegraph.
_ . ¦ - 3X« .
Sharp Debate Between Sir" i William' Harcburt and "• Cham
berlain When the Government Was "Called to -
THURSDAY.. ....MARCH 22, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Atl Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PCHLICATIOX OFFICK. .Market and Third. S. V. \
Telephone Main 1S«8.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS *1T to 221 Stevenson St.;
Telepnone Main IHT4.
Delivered by Carrier*. IS Cent* Per We«lc
Slnorle Coplea, n Cent*. ' • -V?
Term* by .Mail. Including- I'ontaKH
TAILT CALL, (including Sunday), one year $fI.OO
I'AII.T CALL Mncludinc Sunday), & months 3.00
i-Ail.V CALL including .Sunday). 3 months 1.60
DAILT CALL— By Single Month 65c
ECKOAT CALL One Year : 1.80
WEEKI.T CALL Oae Tear 1.00:
All pontmanters are anthorlzed to reeeU* .
(¦buerlptloßK.
Sample copl«« wljl be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 11 IS Broadway j
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Mentger Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago, j
NEW TOIIK CORRESPONDENT: j
C C CARLTON Herald Square !
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY L'JKENS JR , 29 Tribune Building |
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel; <
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. • !
_— — '
NEW TORK NEWS STAJCDB:
WaJdorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brectano. 81 Union Square J |
Murray HIU Hottl.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel j
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent .
BRA%'CII OFFICES— ;rr Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, ojwn until 8:30 o'clock. «3»
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Lnrkln. open until I
»:30 o'clock. 1941 illusion, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 I
Market, comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098
Valencia, open until » o'clock. 10€ eleventh, open until
8 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-Second and Kentucky,
open until 8 o'clock.
THE SATST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 22, 1900.
ADVERTISEMENTS. • '** _-_£
Di I A r*C Located on Market
*•"**"**" proximity to buii-
,lW[J n«s ; section, place*
* _All_U. of. amusement and
./* »fc » m't »V de Pota : H W rooms.
lIX A Nil wlth baths *t-
UllHi^l/ tached. IThe largest
w» v A«««- ~ and ' fln * r * hotels in
HflTEl C the ™ rUL Amerl-
lI V I C lrf«J Can and £uro *> can
- . "^plan. - ¦
6the roast course on the menu, reported the
violation of the game laws to the police,
confiscated the batch of winged corpses
and .had a : warrant Issued against Pur
.veyor Bertelller charging him with the
statutory ; misdemeanor.
The dinner took place at the California
Hotel a week ago. General Warfleld. pro
prietor ,of that hostelry, prepared the
menu card. The last heavy cpurse was
'quail, which, however, were never served.
The birds of the wood were on cold stor
age at the National Ice Company await
ing delivery to Bertelller. who was to for
ward them to General Warfleld. A day
before . the \ dinner the- quail were seized
for reasons above stated. This is why the
Democratic dinner proved -but a lunch."
-L The "trial. before Judge Cabaniss waa to *
be by jury- About forty peers ofthe de
fendants were summoned, most of , them
under the name of John Doe. Before three
Jurymen were sworn George Wentworth.
Bert Ciller's attorney, asked the court to
be allowed to change the plea. His client"
felt his* guilt and was. satisfied to suffer
the minimum penalty of the law, a fine "
of.s2o.trln view; of. the- great -loss .which
he. suffered, $200 or more, the Judge" fell
upon the minimum fine with . avidity » and
Berteiller took the medicine with , grace,
and thanks.
BERTEILLER PLEADS
GUILTY AND IS FINED
Democratic Dinner: at the California
Hotel Where the Quail "Was Not
Served Ended in Court, l
'•¦ The case of (the people against Loufs
f X:~ Bertelller ; came up before Police Judge
Cabaniss . yesterday and ; was
disposed of In a .very, few minutes by a
motion on the part 'of the defendant's at
torney to alter the 1 plea of not guilty to
the '"• affirmative. „ Berteiller was charged
with ' having In : his ; possession several
crates of quail killed out of season. The
charge : was preferred .by "Alec Vogelsang,
Game and ¦ Fish • Commissioner. . '
•-•The quail were 'captured none too "soon.
Had • another \ day ; lapsed :; without * their
seizure they would have been spitted and
broiled • for the > delectation ' of the ; appe- -
Ulttve- longings -of a number, of prominent
i local < Democrats.*; guests f> of - • William ; H;
Alforo,"at a dinner given by him to -Lewis
F.* By ington,_ Judge : Lawlor.j Gavin
Nab," Frank Gould and others of their po
litical complexion. Vogelsang forestalled
Dandruff removed. Treatments 50c up.
Room 430, Parrottibldg.;.- Prudential Hair
Physicians; ; open ; evgs.;. by appointment.*
if AN ABSOLUTELY NEW BILL.
Walter Jones and Norma Whalley
In a Comedy Scream,
MISSES McCOY and SAM MARION: W. C.
FIFLDS; WESTON and YOST; NIELSEN
BISTERS: IMPERIAL MOORISH ACRO-
BATS: HOWARD THURSTON: FLATOW
and DUNN.
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Drew,
In "When Two Hearts Are Won."
Reserved 6eats, Jsc; balcony, 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. BOc. f
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday ¦ and Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
SOCRATES.
His father was Sophroniskus, a sculptor.
It was said that he modeled a group of
graces exhibited in . the Acropolis.
Diogenes tells us that while he worked
with his father he also attended the lec
tures of the philosophers, Anaxagoras and
Archelaus. So diligent and interested was
he that a rich Athenian, recognizing him
in his father's shop, determined that a
philosopher should not be lost In a carver
of images and supplied him with money to
pursue his studies. I He did not live, how
ever, above the earth, though he loved
abstract speculation. . He accepted his
place as a citizen and performed his duties
as a soldier admirably. He served in the
army of Potldaea (B. C. 432) and at Delium
and Amphlbolus (B. C. 424). His fortitude
under privation and his courage before
danger were as marked as his loyalty and
high purpose. When his pupil, Xenophon,
was In grave danger he bore him in • his
arms from the field of battle. He married,
as- we know, though his wife, Xantlppe,
may have suffered in -popular estimation
much In the same way as her husband
did. She has become a type of shrewish
GOLDEN AGES OF* LITERATURE.
wives, as he was made a type of preten
tious philosophers. Her side of the story
will never be heard. ,
Socrates became more and more con
vinced that he ha* a spiritual mission to
fulfill. He believed that the Deity apoke
to him through the medium of his genius,
or daemon.. He felt that this daemon
directed him unerringly; he was earnest
and sincere, and he desired to Influence
society by bringing the young to him. The
greatest of his pupils were Plato, Xeno
pnon and Alcibiades. He waa a teacher
to those who were Intimate with him, but
his position was that of a public lecturer
to constantly chansring crowds rather
than that of a professor who delivered
lectures, systematically arranged, to on»
set of students. He was the founder of
no school, but his Influence permeated
many schools. We know his teaching
best through his wonderful disciple.
Plato, who represented the speculative
side of his mind as Xenophon, as Dr.
Brown In his excellent "History of Greek
Classical Literature" says, showed the
practical side.
The satire aimed at Socrates by Aris
tophanes. In the "Clouds.' had nothing to
do with the persecution of the philosopher
by his political enemies. He was sup
posed to be against democracy, although
he had been neutral In politics. The son
of Pericles, executed by the state, had
been his friend. Alcibiades and Critlas—
Innovators against the constitution of So
lon—were beloved by him. But when he
had Interfered in politics it had been to
save the shedding of innocent blood. He
had refused to consent to the death of the
younger Pericles; he did his utmost to
save both Theramines and Leon of Sala
mls from the fury of the mob. It was
not strange that he waa hated, for he
never hesitated .to tell unpleasant truths.
He was satirical, therefore he "mocked
the nation"; he did not reverence the old
poets as sacred, therefore he corrupted
the education of the youth of the nation.
His enemies accused him. and by a vote
of 2SI to 276 he waa declared guilty. He
might have bought hia liberty for a.heavy
fine; he refused; nor would he violate the
law by escaping. His apology, so ele
vated, dignlned and manly, is one of the
masterpieces in the literary records of the
world. He drank the hemlock and died
a- martyr to rlghteonsness. needing only
the light of Christian revelation to be a
perfect example tcr all coming ages*.
The influence of Socrates * resulted In
the formation of fixed systems; It perme
ated the teaching of the stoics and cynics
and the schools of Plato and Aristotle.
As Plato was his pupil, so Aristotle was
Plato's, though they differed In many
things. He was the first to Introduce tlia
element of accuracy into Investigation.
He insisted on definition and classifica
tion. Every term in. philosophy or ethics
must be distinctly defined. He asksrt
questions till ignorance grew weary and
gave up the ghost. This unrelenting
search for the essential meaning of s
thing is. the basis of the Socratlc method
of continues qnjstlons. He found all
previous attempts at philosophy vatrua
and unsatisfactory. Socrates held that
the soul Is vital; that It has a mortal as
well as an Immortal element, and that
truth and morality are real. He accept:?
the existence of a supreme being without
inquiry. The intellectual part of the soul
Is a part of the supreme mind. Socrates
held that knowledge was virtue and that
no man would willingly remain Ignorant
if he knew that Ignorance was wrong or
that ignorance kept him from knowing
what waa right. To perfect the intellect,
to know, was the aim. of life. Aristotle,
later, refuted thi9 doctrine, which
Socrates had never clearly explained. To
Socrates ethics and the study of human
ity were much above the study of the
physical sciences.
The teaching of Socrates Influenced not
orly the systematic scholastics of the
Roman empire, but the great systems of
St. Thomas Aquinas asd Duns Scot us.
Aristotle's philosophy waa practically
adopted by St. Thomas Aquinas, and the
tendency of the best thinkers of the mid
dle ages to put moral and ethical ques
tions first was Influenced from Socrates.
The Cyrenalc school of Artstlppun.
which held that present pleasure wu the
end of life, was the offspring of thoea
Socratic theories which were dangerous
because Socrates had not sufficiently ex
plained or developed them. The school of
the cynics was founded by another pupil
of Socrates, whose name was Antlsthenes.
His school combated the' tenets of Arla
tippus; his teaching wag ethical and gen
erally composed of objections. Ha • as
serted firmly, against the opinions of his
time, that there was one God without an
earthly body.
The study of the Ufa and lessons - of
Socrates, especially as presented by Pla
to—and here let me recommend all Pro
fessor Jowett's translations—cannot fall
to broaden the mind and make one more
in love Tfltb. "divine philosophy."
Catfcotto TJniTwrsttjr of Araarfe*,
, THB ACME OP ALL PRODUCTIONS.
THE DRAMATIC HIT OF THB YBAJC
PUDD'N
HEAD
lA/ILSON.
Mark Twain 1 ¦ Powerful Play.
Kacntfloantly pres«nt*d by Mrs. Edwin P.
iiM.ro' m superb company, including the
Excellent Actor,
MR. BURR McINTOSH.
HSOUXjAS SATURDAY MATINEE.
Monday Night. March » PADERiSWHKJ.
Seats on EaJe Thursday Mornlnx.
LA6T 3 NIGHTS AND MATINEE BAT.
CHARLES FROHMAN
PRESENTS WILLIAM GILLETTE'S GREAT-
EST COMEDY TRIUMPH.
Because She -
Minister
loved Him So ~
With J. E. DODSON and Original N. Y. Cast.
NEXT MONDAY. The Comedian.
U/ILLIE COLLIER
In fcls own Farce Comedy,
"mR. SMOOTH." SEATS SELLING.
LAST THREE WEEKS OF THE SEASON.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
The Immensely Successful Revival of Offen-
bach's Famous Comic Opera,
The Grand
Duchess,
MONDAY— "EL CAPITAN."
TELEPHONE— MAIN 612.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra Saturday
Matinee 2Sc.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
ALCAZAR THEATER.*
— — — ' i?
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Elaborate Modern Production.
DIPLOMACY
15c, 25c RE 6 |^f D 35c, 50c.
JCEJCT WEEK— A. M. Palmer's Comedy Suc-
cess.
'"auint Jack."
Kow In Preparation.
...."QUO VADIS"....
"STUDENTS' LECTURE COURSE/,
FIRST LECTURE.' March 22, 8 p. m., T. M.
C. -A. Auditorium. PROFESSOR J THOMAS
RUTHERFORD BACON. —The Boer and. the
Briton." - Admlaaion M . cenu. Ticket* ¦-¦ at
Elder A Bh.pard-t - ; • .r
On His Good Behavior.
George "W.'jHorton. - charged dwith dis
charging . firearms .within , the \ city; limits,'
had I his case continued ; for ; thirty days by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday.*; and if In \ the
meantime ; he « behaves ; himself : the - case
will ; be dismissed. .Two ; witnesses, James
Curtln i and \ George i Nash, testified . that
the. man Horton shot at had attempted to
cut '.him, with a razor.
CALIFORNIA^AMERA CLUB
THC ANXDAL PAT EXHIBITION TAKES
PI-ACE AT METROPOLITAN TEM-
PLE FRIDAY NIGHT.
SPECIAL INTERMISSION FEATURES.
Ton have been a gueet of the Club. Tf- and
go. Auk your club Xrlenda for tickets. Tour
Uitni U bassfuL
For tan; freckles arid I blackheads Anyvo
Theatrical Cold Cream has no equaL . •
Tried to Run the Court.
.William; B. .Flaws, 'slBtf '* Bryant utrftet,
was "the ' complaining witness :,; against
Thomas :¦, Rosser, a neighbor, ; In ; ; Jud<se
Fritz's court '; yesterday ;onv a i charge of
petty - larceny.- - ? Rosser ¦ was * accused v of
stealing a ¦ saw.'- ; "When . Flaws took ~ the
stand: he showed that; he had been Irlnk
lng.t and he • tried to i run the . court.' He
scorned i the objections raised . by the op
posing attorney | and | loudly objected to a
dismissal of the case.i The Judge ordered
him out of the courtroom' and he" was for
tunate In > not ': being .locked > up for ¦ con
tempt. The case was dismissed.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FIFTH MEETING. Mch. 12 to 24. inclusive.
Six hlrh-clasa running: races every week day.
rain or Bbine. beginning at 1:20 p.m.
Th« ideai winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons su-p directly from the railroad cars Into
a tuperb crand stand, rlaei-incSosed, whire.
comfortably housed In bad weather, they caa
enjoy an unobstructed view of the racea.
Trains leave Third and Tovrnsend streets at
*:CO. 10:40 and 13:30 a. m. and 12:15. 3J:SS. U:io
and 1:25 p. m.. returning- Immediately after
laet race at 4:<6 p. tn. Seats In rear cars re-
served lor women and their escorts. No smok-
ing. Valencia street. 10 minutes later.
6an Jose and Way Stations— Arrive at Ban
I'.runo at :I:<3 p. tn. Leave Han Bruno at 4:69
•nd 4:45 p. m.
RATfy»— San Krandsco to Tanforan and re-
turn, lncludicg admission to track. 51. 25.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
If. H. GREEK Secretary and Manager. •
CHDTESJND ZOO.
ETV^ERY AFTERNOON AND BVENINa.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW !
TO-NIGHT—
Amateur Specialties
And ••HOOT MON !"
Satnrday" Night, Cakewalk Contest!
Seats by Telephone— Park ».
New York Dental Parlors.
myr\ T* A TIVT f Nowhere on earth i* the y mf\ /^ «m W
Nil PA'lN'I * u t>J*<* of dentistry so NO ItASI
Al W I Alii • thorough ly understood and **?Vf .' L^ •
Malo Office: ' so much care experienced : Branch Offlci:-
-PORTLAND. Cto^^; SAN FRANCISCO, V
4th and Morrison Sts. dental office. 728 Market Street.
You may have your TEETH OUT IN THE MORNING and
go home with NEW ONES THE SAME DAY.
NO CHARGE FOR PAINLESS EXTRAC- ASIDE FROM THE BPECIAMSTS IH
tlon when teeth are ordered. All work done by ' bridge work. w» have specialists in plate work,
graduate dentists of 12 to 20 years' experience; ; who are world-renowned; . men of superior In-
a specialist in each department. We will teii telllgence, who have devoted their, whole lives
you tn advance exactly what your : work will : , to: this; work. • :
cost by a free examination. . Give us a. call, and ¦ - '
you will find we do exactly as we advertise. - 7; ¦
_._ -- •" ' 4"*n/\H/kl A?' " Ille 'ollowlnc are among
tlfi PL A ITU B?S*3kSI I KIIW IM^ tn * »P ec >>l branches of
NUriiftita laiOClSLsqk ' v/"*vrTTiivJ whlchwechallenKeCOM .
PPrit, KiMt^WaßSw^ -petition.: gold
•**«UIIl»k CROWNS. GOLD BRIDGES (TEETH WITil-
OUT PLATES), GOLD FILLINGS, PORCE-
aMB^Bh "CD W.l LAIN FILLINGS, PORCELAIN CROWNS,
PShH»*<«W \\ PORCELAIN BRIDGES. TREATMENTS, EX-
¦¦F y> /^, /^/NTa' ,M tracting teeth without pain, regtt-
|H| I If V If \ \uf LATING TEETH. AND FITLL AND PARTIAL
|l « l iliill4 I I ,liiVli, 1 iiVlir ;l !lLir TLATES MADE OF GOI^D, ALUMINUM, ZY-
' LONITE. WATTS METAL. PORCELAIN AND
In our GOLD CROWNS and BRIDGE WORK, : > ' ' . , '
of. which we ar« •< making a SPECIALTY, the «_ ? '„ ?"¦»' '-..'.'.. " - — '_^_
most BEAUTIFUL, .; PAINLESS and ' .DUR- 22-K . Gold Cr0^rn5...... .........55.00
ABLE of all dental', work known ; to- the pro- ?' ."j' en' uf.^.\l ; ".' .¦¦_•¦ -_~
fesslon, you will find an example of the HIGH- OOld fi11ing5........... 1.00
KST ARTISTIC ATTAINMENT, the adapUbll-, «is_l__ «=i|lJ_ii« ' Krt
Jty of which to the HYGIENIC conditions of ** IlVerrlllln B B •••— ——]¦ •»()
the mouth is unquestioned.*.- ¦¦-.- ?:,,.-. ¦¦.-¦¦. T»*th Wtthnnt Plntu s'aa
Any. work that should. not prove satisfactory : . reeth Wlt " OUt flates 5.00
will be;«ttended to, without charge, ' at : our - - >;•*.-.'- •• ¦'
nearest offlce.^The'rollowln» prices .will; P^- A/i"l^ jULL^SET ••• . $5.00
723 Market; Street; San Francisco.
1 •']-.'. " % , " .- (HISTORY: BUILDING). , ' ;'¦ "¦ |*,
FOURTH AND MORRISON STREETS.!^ 'U'.t.... .'....';.»'... PORTLANIi^ OR.
TO DISPENSE WITH
CHINATOWN GUIDES
Chief Sullivan Has Recommended
That All of Their License*
'..'¦" Should Be Revoked.
Ah Moye,' keeper of a resort on Bartlett
alley and Pacific street, and 11. 3. Lewis,
a . Chinatown : gulde.v arrested : ' Tuesday
night, appeared before Judge Mogan yes
terday.. Ah ; Moye demanded ; a trial by
Jury and the case was continued till to
day. : : Lewis :• pleaded ¦ not jruilty . and his
case ,was ¦ also continued till to-day. '•¦
Chief Sullivan, in, view. of Lewis' action
in taking white people to such a place as
Ah Moye's, contrary to the rules of the
department, has recommended to the Po
lice Commissioners that all licenses issued
to Chinatown ? guides . be - revoked. The
Chief feels - strongly on ¦ the subject" and
does not see the utility of having licensed
gulden in Chinatown or anywhere else in
the'dty. '¦¦¦¦ •.; ---'¦ r ¦"..:,: -. '/¦¦' .-.; ¦, -- . • ¦ ¦ •
DESERVES THE SUPPORT
OF THE GENERAL READER
Oscar Maurer Strongly Recommends The CalPs
Popular "Home Study Circle"
I am glad of an op
portunity to Indorse
t he spl e nd id we ekl y ar_
tides appearing in
The Call on photogra
phy. This interesting
study is fas t becoming
an ar t , mostly due to
the untiring efforts
of the amateur photog
rapher. Any thing that
wi 1 1 fur the r the good
work, such as the inno
vation made by The Cal 1 ,
sho u1 d receive the
hearty support of the
c om m un i ty . Re spe o t
fully, -
OSCAR MAURER.
San Franoisoo, Maroh 13, 1900.
Wants Her ex-Husband Arrested.
Anita Parri, 1317 Kearny street,; swore
to a complaint in Judge Cabaniss'. court
yesterday for the arrest of her divorced
husband, Joseph Lutza, on a charm of
felony embezzlement. She alleges that
when they were divorced, about two
months ago, she had personal property of
the value of $250, which had always be
longed to her, and that her husband had
taken possession of it and had refused to
part with it. '
Standard Optical Co., 217 Kearny st., leading
opticians. All work guaranteed; prices low. •
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Dlrectlo«i S. IL fRITDUMJrR ft CO.
Pddcrcwski
THE \
t WORLD'S
GREATEST TT
PIANIST *
STCINWAV 4. SON'S PIANO FORTE USED
Sale of Seats Commences
THIS MORNING at 9 o'clock.
Scale of Prices: $150, $2, $3, $4
NOTE. — Rcscrrcd seats can be secured by
those living out of the city, by letter or telegraph.
FOUR CONCERTS.
MONDAY NIGHT. March 28.
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON. March 28.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. March 30.
MONDAY AFTERNOON. Aoril S.
PROVING WELBURN'S
OFFICIAL SHORTAGE
The Trial . Against Bondsmen Willey
and Farmer in Progress Before
Judge Morrow.
The suit brought by the Government
against Stanley Willey and Henry Fr-rm
er, bondsmen of O. M. Welburn as.a dis
bursing officer of the Government, to re
cover $16,000, the alleged shortage of Mr.
Welburn, was ¦ on; trial before . United
States Circuit Judge Morrow and a jury
yesterday. According to the rules 3f the
court, th§ United' States Attorney must
¦ prove the shortage by witnesses, &iA
therefore the case against Welburn must
be practically tried over again.
" Nellie F. O'B»ien and Miss M. E. Con
nell were on the stand during the fore
noon session. Their testimony tended to
show that they signed vouchers for, seJ
aries larger than those that they actually
received.
In the afternoon Mrs. A. G. Drlscoll
was Called by the counsel for the Govern
ment to show that Miss Mary McCarthy,
since deceased, was sick, and confined to
her room during certain months when
vouchers for salary were filled out for
her. Mrs. Driscoll testified .that Mis?
McCarthy was not paid at all.
George E. Dabovich testified that he
signed a blank voucher for services from
February 14 to February 28, 1895, and that
he was paid $15. The voucher was after
ward filled In with the figures $58 33.
E. C. Aiken testified that he worked
under Welburn as a Deputy Collector of
Internal Revenue and received $25 per
month during the whole period from Aug
ust 1896, until June. 1597, with the excep
tion of May, 1897. when he did not re
ceive anything. The vouchers showed
payments averaging from $79 to $85 per
.month. . .
The trial will be resumed to-day. -
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al American
Steamship.
MUIIi
(CAPACITT 3000 TONS)
FOR HE DIRECT,
Sailing from San Francisco
Monflay, May 21,1900.
Special rates tor freight and Insurance. -
Through passenger and freight service to
Dawson and all points on Yukon River.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST STREET.
TEN SCAVENGERS
WITH UNCOVERED
CARTS ARRESTED
Police Found Health Order
Defied in All Parts of
Disease Cterms Were Blowing With
out Hindrance From the Garbage
Wagons, Loaded to Their
Fullest Capacity.
The police had no difficulty yesterday in
finding scavengers who were violating the
ordinance concerning the collection and
transportation of refuse and 'garbage.
They were discovered in all parts of the
city and their defiance of the plain pro
visions of the ordinance was so glaring
that . it could not ¦be overlooked. \
The Call directed attention to the dan
gers to which the public have been wil
fully subjected and the authorities have
begun to attend to their duty. The mer
chants of the city are loud In their praises
of The Call's action in this matter. They
are now wondering how the Board , of
Health can square itself with the public,
for all the blame of letting uncovered,
vile smelling carts travel through the city
distributing germa of disease Is laid at
the doors of. that Incompetent body.
The scavengers' licenses are issued in
the months of January -and July and the
present Board of Health is trying to. shift
its responsibility to the old board. The
fact is. however, that licenses have been
recommended improperly since the pres
ent * board came into office. The provi
sions of the law are plain. First the
board must have every scavenger cart,
for which license is asked, thoroughly
examined before issuing a license. - Then,
the license having been issued, the law
provides further, that the Health Officer
is empowered to notify the Collector of
Licenses to cancel the license in case of
infraction by., the holder of the sanitary
regulations imposed by the Board of Su
pervisors and the Board of Health.
As heretofore stated, the ordinance con
taining these provisions was adopted July
13, 1898, and was approved by the Mayor,
but there has never before been any effort
to enforce it. The Board of Health has
been blind to. what every one else; could
see. The arrests made by. the police yes
terday and Tuesday amply prove that The
Call was correct .in all its statements
made concerning the violations of law.
The greatest interest /will- now attach to
such action as the courts may take. .It
is hoped, that the scavengers will be com
pelled to obey the law.
Ten scavengers have been arrested In
two days. Those arrested yesterday are:
G. B. Paganinl, arrested on City Hall
avenue by Policeman Naylor ; D. Bozzo
roni, arrested at Ninth and Folsom streets
by Policemen Kelly and O'Connor; Lulgi
Carraho and Fred Louncetti, arrested on
Ninth street by Policeman O'Connell;
Mike Canari, arrested on Third and Mar
ket streets by Policeman Wlnzler; G. B
Collamer, arrested -on Bryant street by
Policeman Kelly; G. Vallanta, arrested on
Alameda street by Policeman Tracey; R.
Domingo, > arrested on Kansas street by
Policeman Tracey, and Johann France,
arrested on Seventh street by Policeman
Tracey. Caesarevitch, who was arrested
Tuesday, waived a jury trial in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday and the case
went over, until Saturday. Caesarevitch
was represented by Attorney SplnettL
AMUSEMEMTa.
would not receive them. The health au
thorities were then notified, but up to last
night had taken no action. If the body is
not removed to-day Captain Goodman will
take it to sea and bury it.
The transport Grant will dock Friday
and tiie Hancock this morning. The Grant
is to be the next transport to sail, getting
away about the Ist. - '^v-; j
SUGAR BOAT WITH AUXILIARY GAS ENGINES.
The auxiliary schooner Eclipse, which Is to sail shortly for Honolulu, has
the largest gasoline engine aboard ever built in the United States and probably
in the world. It was built by the Hercules Gas Engine Company and 1b a three
cylinder, vertical type of 150 rated and 178 actual horse power. , Coming- • down
from Benlcla the schooner made six knots against the tide and with the en
gines only running half power. ¦ ; . . >
The Eclipse is fitted with a two-cylinder vertical engine and hoist, with con
nections to capstan, which will handle cargo, sails and anchor.
The Eclipse is a sister boat to the Surprise, whlch^was also fitted with a
Hercules engine. Both vessels are for the inter-island trade and will "carry sugar
from the various plantations to Honolulu. -. 11-Cv--. :i- •
XI. SOCBATES.
BY MAURICE FRANCIS EG AN, LUD.
If you read the "Clouds" of Aristophanes
you will find a " caricature— a very amus
ing one— of the philosopher Socrates. This
comedy was played 423 years before the
coming of Christ, and many translations
have been made of it. In it is presented
the popular impression of what Socrates
was. Aristophanes attacks the sophists
in the "Clouds," and makes Socrates their
representative. The truth is that Socrates
waa really the enemy of the sophists, who
made it their business to teach young
men how to get on in life. Their motto was
that "the end justifies the means." They
taught rhetoric as well as the methods of
business; they were expert in sharp prac
tices, and aimed only for material suc
cess. They called themselves philosophers
in the sense that they perfected the sci
ence of how to gain the advantages of
material life, while leaving high morality
out of the process. And. they were philos
ophers who developed the art of trying to
make black appear white if it suited their
purpose. Socrates was opposed to all this;
he was a philosopher, for he loved wis
dom and he sought to find laws that gov
ern human minds by the examination of
his own; but he was more a social re
former than a philosopher. In B. C. 423 it
was generally acknowledged that Athen
ian society needed reformation, and Aris
tophanes was right in attributing much of
the degeneration to the immoral teaching
of the sophists. As a comic writer It suit
ed him to assume that all philosophers
were sophists, and that Socrates, who
was suspected of not believing in the
puerile gods of Greece, was the chief of
them. As sophist had become a name for
all teachers of philosophy, Aristophanes
had some. excuse for his thoughtless rail
lery of the barefooted, carelessly dressed
and absent-minded Socrates.
Socrates was born B. C. 465, at Athens.
THE GOLDEN AGE OF GRECIAN LITERATURE.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY" MARCH 22, 1900.
SEEKSDEATH
FROM DECK OF
A FERRY-BOAT
Unknown Man Ends His Life
at the Bottom of the
Bay.
The Schooner Maid of Orleans Col
lides With the Revenue Cutter
Bear and Both Are Some
what Damaged.
Another unfortunate . has sought sur
cease from sorrow In the waters of the
bay. An unknown man Jumped overboard
from the ferry-boat Oakland during the 1
p. m. trip from this city yesterday, and
although all efforts -were made to rescue
him they were without avail. He was
never seen after . striking the. water and
the supposition is that he had weighted
himself before making the fatal plunge.
The only clew to his identity was an old
weather-beaten Fedora hat; which he left
on the after deck of the Oakland. , ¦.'.¦¦;-. •* ;v!; v!
The Oakland left this side at 1 p. m.
Almost simultaneously the tug Vigilant,
bound for the naval station at Goat Isl
and, and the sternwheel steamer Emma
bound for Oakland; left Jackson-street
wharf. The tide was flooding at the time
bo the Oakland had to head toward Alca
traz. In consequence, when the man
jumped from the Oakland all three boats
were close together. The Vigilant and
Emma bore down toward the Oakland,
while the latter lowered a boat. .A- thor
ough search, lasting nearly a* quarter, of
an hour was made, but no trace of the
suicide could be found. Eye-witnesses of
the disaster say the man was shabbily
dressed, but looKed like a gentleman down
on his luck. •
The schooner Maid of Orleans was In
collision with the revenue cutter Bear
yesterday. The Orleans was coming in
from Port Blakeley with a load of lum
ber, and while rounding to off Powell
street wharf, crashed into the Bear. The
latter" s.mizzen rigging was carried away
and a couple of piantcs on the starboard
quarter were stove In, while the schooner
lost her bowsprit, Jibboom and all her
headgear. All the damage was done In a
few minutes and the vessels then. cleared
themselves without assistance.
The French bark Emilie Galline arrived
from Swansea yesterday atter a passage
of 257 days. On September 30 and- October
1 she was caught in a succession ai gales
oil the Horn, during which the "oreyard
was carried away and the wheel 'damaged.
On October 29 the bark put intu Rio de
Janeiro for repairs, and was not ready to
get away again until December 1. She
was 110 days making- the run from Klo to
San Francisco.
The Harbor- Commissioners met yester
day and made Senator Sam Braunhart,
ex-Port Warden, a wharfinger. , He re
places Colonel Tom 1 Deasy, who has ef
ficiently held down the post at Fremont
strtet for a number of years. John S.
Hogan, a brother of Henry Hogan, once
District Attorney of Napa County, was
also made a wharfinger, vice J. D. Wal
kup, who has resigned. The contract for
erecting a shed over the new Santa Fe
ferry slip was let to Newson & McNeil for
$1437. The bid of H. R. Rood & Co. for
supplying the piles required by the com
mission for the next six months was ac
cepted.
The steamer Marlposa sailed for Aus
tralia last night. She could not take all
the freight that was offering, but there
were not many passengers. Among those
who went away was W. E. Mlghell, man
aging owner of the California Shipping
Company. About eight of the fleet newly
purchased by the company will be In
Honolulu during the next five weeks and
Mr. Mighell wants to inspect them. The
Henry a. Hyde:, which was damaged by
fire during the voyage from Baltimore to
Honolulu, will also receive his attention, j
1 The California Shipping Company mode
another purchase through -Mr. Mighell
yesterday.' It now owns the ship Rence,
now -on her way from the Orient to New
York. She is a good, stout vessel of IS2B
tons net burden and will be a welcome ad
dition to tht> coast fleet.
Captain Goodman of the schooner Rob
ert Lewers is to take command of the ship
Wallace B. Flint, recently purchased by
Alexander & Baldwin for the sugar trade.
She is now on her way to Honolulu, and
Captain Goodman will probably meet her
there on his arrival in the Lowers. The
latter vessel has been detained here nearly
three weeks, owing to quarantine and a
death. The cabin boy, a Japanese named
Hernano, was dying with consumption
when the schooner reached port. Quaran
tine Officer Kinyoun instructed the immi
gration officer not to land the man, so he
remained aboard and died Tuesday night.
Captain Goodman wanted to send the re
mains to the Morgue, but the officials
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
ja ""^^^^^^^^^-^ Economize on
ssffrwaa^ WELSBACH
~" "~^ W MANTLE
| Saves gsw, gires 50 per cent, more
'** '" 'I^—^r' •° <J outwear 3 other mantles.
to— wST Stild-B^eiywhtmt Prict 50 cents
NflMF^^!^ c « n^ ri < :^* 1 1
nUrIL yT%,Purr,pft , B
OOLP *>/¦ 9Sf.»n— wST. B
*TIVOLI*
"HOOT MON, I MUST AWAFRA YE!"
BUT FIVE TIMES MORE!
Of the Marvelous Comic Opera,
THE IDOL'S EYE !
FINAL MATINEE SATURDA* AT ».
NEXT WEEK!
The Musical Extravaganza.
"MANILA BOUND!"
WATCH FOR THIS! WATCH FOR THIS!
POPULAR PRICES— 2'c and 50c.
TELEPHONE— BUSH 9.
rttOHB south rro.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK, MAT. BAT.
WITHOUT A PEER-WITHOUT A RIVAL.—
The most perfect performance ieen in this city
In years. Presented by
AIR. HARRY GLAZIER
And His Excellent Company in a Beautiful -
Production.
THREE MUSKETEERS.
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK CITY. #
BEATS NOW READY.
Last Performance Saturday Nli»ht.
PRICES-Evenlnc. lie. 25c, 35c. Me and Too.
Matinee. IDc. 25c, 35c and tOc.
FISCHER'S
NEW CONCERT-HOUSE,
IJS-124 CFARRELL STREET.'
E. A. FISCHER. Prt-prletor
OEORGB HOOSER Maiaxer
The Handsomest Muslo Hall in America.
HUNDREDS TURNED AWAY NiqHTLT.
A Quartet of Celebrities In the Fourth Act
from "II Trovatore"; Hlnrlcha' challenge cr-
cbestra. ADMISSION 10c Btrlctly flr»t-claa«.
Cafe unsurpassed. » • ,
9 1 o v c ' ; for a
: d o ll a r a n d a half
Centemeri
. w. m. smith, Agent 200 Post Street
7- ' NOTE— In i the - sbove > exposition of ; the tides
the early.' morning . tides are ¦ given in the ; left
hand • column ¦ and the r successive i tides •of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second :. time column ; gives > the * second', tide of
the day. > the third time column. the third tide
and I the | last Jor I right I hand | column % gives I th«
last tide of the day.. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the ; soundings on .the
United ? Btates Coast "* Survey " charts, ¦" except
when a * minus ' sign (— ) | precedes ¦ the - height.
to be remembered that such a movement is
a necessary forerunner of the broader and
more comprehensive advance which comes wlth^
an active speculation. The reversion of the
Third Avenue railroad to the strong hands of
the Metropolitan affords not a little relief to
all circles in Wall street as not only removing
a disturbing Influence from the stock market,
but business circles generally. The speculative
movement of to-day has some basis in the
relief, afforded by this development in Third
Avenue affairs. The shorts in this stock spent
another bad day, the price running up to 112
and fluctuating between that and 100. The
other local stocks were active, but showed a
notable tendency toward relapse late In the
day. The convincing evidence that Third Aye- |
nue stock is cornered leads to diligent efforts
on the part of the bear operators caught short
to effect a private settlement. The possibility
of such a result makes the professional traders
timid and cautious about operating in the
stock after the recent violent advance. There
was a aisposition to refrain from action on I
the operations elsewhere in the list while
Third Avenue was going through its erratic
changes. It was after the stock had become
rather quiet that the aggressive demand de
veloped for the Paclflcos, including Missouri
Pacific. Southern Pacific, the Baltimore and
Ohio stocks and Norfolk and Western. Balti
more and Ohio and Union Pacific were easily
the leaders of the movement, the former ad
vancing an extreme 4% net and the latter 2V«.
There were sharp gains In less active stocks,
including Wheeling and Lake Erie, Great
Northern preferred. Chicago Terminal Trans
fer. Minneapolis and St. Louis and a few ,
others. London bought stocks here llberally
and sterling exchange eased off as a result.
New York exchange at Interior points was
rather easier, but the local money market
showed no hardening tendency.
Dealings in bonds were small and price
changes were irregular. Total sales, par value,
$2.0«l.000.
United States 3s, old 4s and 5s advanced %.
and the new 4s declined % in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST,
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock*— Bid.
17,760 Atchlson 24%
15.760 Atchison b9 -i
46,110 Baltimore & Ohio 3%
Canadian Pacific 9»
1,220 Canada Southern 49%
1.200 Chesapeake & Ohio 28%
550 Chicago Great Western ..- 13%
6,450 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 127%
2.12S Chicago Ind &. Louis 23%
610 Chicago Ind & Louis prefd 55%
110 Chicago & East Illinois 96
100 Chicago & Northwentern 162
8,310 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 110%
3.055 C C C & St Louis 61%
13,061 Colorado Southern 7%
2.600 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46%
3,230 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 20
Delaware & Hudson 115%
300 Delaware Lack & Western 17SVs
200 Denver & Rio Grande IST*
3,<kjO Denver & Rio Grande prefd 72%
Erie 13
1,132 Erie Ist prefd 38%
4,030 Great Northern prefd 161
200 Hocking Coal IT
520 Hocking Valley 33%
615 Illinois Central H3U
100 lowa Central 15%
lowa Central prefd 51
' 500 Kan City Pitss & Gulf 17%
Lake Erie & Western 20*
Lake Erie & Western prefd 85
Lake Shore 194
7,250 Louisville. & Nashville 83%
21.460 Manhattan L &«%
18,278 Metropolitan Street Railway 167 vi
2,050 Mexican Central 13T*
1.201) Minneapolis & St Louis 65
LOGO Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 96
26,850 Missouri Pacific 48%
1,000 Mobile & Ohio <T%
100 Missouri Kansas &. Texas 11
2,125 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 33%
New Jersey Central 115
460 New York Central 135%
21,110 .Norfolk & Western 33H
400 Norfolk & Western prefd 7b* t
41,175 Northern Pacific 65&
3.C16 Northern Pacific prefd 75
4.99« Ontario & Western 23%
Oregon Ky & Nay 42
Oregon Ry & Nay prefd 76
14,600 Pennsylvania 136%
698 Reading .' IS
6,670 Reading Ist prefd 58%
2,185 Reading 2d prefd 29
Rio Grande Western o3
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
St Louis & San Fran 10%
... St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd €9
StOO St Louis 4: San Fran 2d prefd 34
10U St Louis Southwestern 11
1,200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 2»%
8,310 St Paul -124%
300 St Paul prefd 17t
St Paul & Omaha 107
4,425 Southern Paclflo ../ 40
4,CuO Southern Railway 13%
8,310 Southern Railway prefd 59%
6,525 Texas & Pacific I<%
70,160 Union Pacific 63%
8.040 Union Pacific prefd 76%
100 Wabash 6%
1.400 Wabaih prefd - • 20%
1.4«> Wheeling & Lake Erie 16%
' 8,2^5 Wheeling &. Lake Erie prefd 30%
(00 Wisconsin Central /- 17%
Kxpres» Companies —
100 Adams :.. 11»
American 147
United States .........' 46
Wells Fargo 122
Miscellaneous—
100 American Cotton Oil 33%
American Cotton Oil prefd..' ...93%
160 American Malting 6
: 100 American Malting prefd 24%
L2SS Am Smelting & Refining 40%
719 Am Smelting & Refining prefd...... 91%
American Spirits 2%
....;.. American Spirits prefd 17 ;
J.MS American Steel H00p. ./....?.....' *5
620 American Steel- Hoop prefd.-.. 80%
5.250 American Steel tc Wire... '65%
300 American Steel & Wire prefd., 90
2,110 American Tin Plate..... 33%
American Tin Plateprefd 82 >:
1«,760 American Tobacco .....:..1O9:
American Tobacco prefd ..135
1,500 Anaconda Mining Co.. .....46%
87.125 Brooklyn RaDid Transit.....' 71
2,050 Colorado Fuel & 1r0n....... 45%
3.660 Continental Tobacco 32%
440 Continental Tobacco prefd. 86%
20.J&5 Federal Steel 62%
2,831 Federal Steel prefd ....'.. 75 -
500 General Electric ...;.... .....127%
710 Glucose Sugar 62 .
Glucose Suear prefd....:....;..' P8 ¦
- International Paper- ..19
1.250 ¦ International Paper prefd. 62%
Laclede Gas 74
....... National Biscuit ...35%
National Biscuit prefd 98
400 National Lead: 24
National Lead prefd 103
Ji.620 National Steel .....: 43
1,405 National Steel prefd 95%
1,050. New York Air Brake 135
800 North American 15%
Pacific Coast .".60
Pacific Coast Ist prefd... ....... T7..7. 80-
Pacific Coast 2d prefd.. 60
600 Pacific Mall ...: 37
16,450 People's Gas .../..100%
; Pressed Steel Car C 3 ¦-•
Pressed Steel Car prefd 85
100 Pullman Palace Car... 184
'.'...... Standard Rore & Twine...... ..;.«%
41,690 Sugar '. .....1963%
Sugar prefd -............:.. 109
2,100 Tennessee Coal &. 1r0n........... S3T4
5,i45 United- States Leather ...../.... 13
r.70 United States Leather prefd.... 73
200 United : States Rubber... 30 1
200 United States Rubber prefd 94
1,428 Western Union ..:.:../ R3%
1,450 Republic Iron & 5tee1......'. 22%
. 110 Republic Iron & Steel prefd...... .... 66
j ........ P C C & St L0ui5......... ..67
27.656 Third Avenue ....106
770.500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 25... ......104% M;K & T i 5......:. 91%
US 2s reg 101 N.\' Cent 1et5.... .110
US 2s reg .110 N J Cent gen 55...124
US 2s coup ..110 N Carolina 65... ..127
U S new 4s reg.. ..134 N Carolina* 45.....106 •
U s new 4s c0up.'.134 NCPacifle v. ::.::.: 64%
US old 4s reg.... 115% N Pacific? 45. ..:... 105%
U Sold.4scoup..ll6%|N V C & S \. 45. .108
U S 6s reg...". ..114V»jN St W con 45..... 96%
U S 6s c0up..:.....114%1N & W een 65....132
Dls of Col 3.655.... 119 Or Nay -15t5. ......108 "
Atchlson gen 4s 101% Or Nay:45. ...... ...103%'
Atchlson adj 45./.. 83J4 Or Short Line. 6s.. 127%
Canada So 2d5....108 Or 8 L con 65. .....113
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 97% Reading Gen 45... B>%
Ches * Ohl« 65. ..119% R G- W 15t5..... ...99 «¦
C & NW con 75. ...143 6 L & I M con 55. 112%
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange/sixty days.... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, EighK. 4 87
Sterling Cables ....................— ; ; £ .4 88
New. York Exchange, eight ..% —": , - 17%
Ntw York : Exchange, telegraphic * — > '¦'-. 20
Fine Silver/ per ounce..;. — 60
Mexican Dollars ................... 48% 49
Wheat: and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The situation • remains about the
same all over the world. Paris Is about the
firmest market and advanced again yesterday. ;
' Chicago opened easy on Indifferent cables and
fine weather, i "but j later on Improved | somewhat
on better foreign quotations and a good cash
demand. .**¦¦'-- s '¦¦"¦---:¦¦-•*--•": «>¦ - - --¦ ".¦ ;---*..-<-¦
The > local . market showed no change, either
on or oft* call. ¦ ; '" ¦¦'¦.-
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96%©97% c; milling,
9S%c®sl 01%. •, -. ¦:, ¦¦.-.- ' : ;¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
¦ Informal Session — 9:15 , : o'clock— May— 2o,ooo
ctls, 99ci~ December— 2o,ooo, v 05; 8000, $1 05% ;
8000, $1 04%. «¦¦?;- "¦ "•¦-:, '¦":• '¦¦¦¦¦«. --•--• .' ¦ -
Second • Session— May-^4QOO ctls, ' 98Hc; : 2000.
98% c: December— Booo, $1 04%: 12.000. $1 04%. -
Regular Morning Session — May — 20,000 ctls,
98% c; ¦ 10,000, . 98% c ;; December— 4ooo, $1 04% ; 2000,
$1 04%.-- *- - ¦¦ ¦ ;.:*;¦>?.¦•s;¦,•:.-;¦. .- '• ¦ " -V- ¦' .
• Afternoon Session— December— Booo ctls, $1 04%.
¦ BARLEY— The market remains the same. .
- Afternoon Session — No sales. ' ¦
Fe«d. 75c for No. !k! k 1 j and 65@72%0 for off
grades;* Brewing-: snd Shipping , grades, 80®
87%c;.^ Chevalier, .nominal.:, ¦
CALL '; BOARD ., SALES. : --" i^vS->-^
Informal SeFslon— 9:ls "o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — Noeales.- . r
i Regular Morning i Session— No sales. .' » >
"Afternoon Sesslon-^-No sales. ," -" ' '¦""
'-¦ OATS— Dealers report a firm tone, with more
sales, though they are not of large lots. - - * ¦-•¦
White. %\ 10S1 30: Red. 95c®$l 17%; Gray,
$1 07%@l 15; -j Black,. 97%c®sl 06. c
- CORN— Eastern White is quoted : : at 97%c@
$1 02% ¦ per ctl and , Eastern - Yellow at $I®l 10 ;
mixed, $I@l 05 per ctl. . - - .'- ,; ,
RYE— Is dull and easier at 97%®51 per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. : -
Flour and;Millstuffs.
-FLOUR— California family, extras,: $3 60@3 75,
usual. terms ;;bakersV extras," s3 40@3 60; Oregon
and >, Washington;* $2 75@3 ; per* barrel. . _ .
¦ .-'¦; MILLSTUFFS-7-Prlces v ; In ' sacks are as fol
lows , usual j'discount.vto ; the» trade: - Graham
Flour/ $3 25 per 100 lbs; \ Rye Flour." $2 75;* Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice: Flour. $7; ; Corn ; Meal, < $2 50;
Oat ¦> Groats. ;$4 50; Hominy," $3 25@3 60; ».. Buck
wheat • Flour, • $4®4 23; * Cracked -Wheat/- *3 75;
Farina. ;¦*: s4 50; .Whole -Wheat i Flour. i>t3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels),: s6@7 25; ; 1n sacks. $5 75®
7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$5 60 : per 100 lbs. . .
Hay and; Feedstuff s.
. ; Hay ,' drags , along on . . the ' same dead " level.
Bran , and Middlings ' are : firm ; at ; the ' old quo
tations. !•'¦''.'.' ".¦'. : .' '.\"": ' ' '• ¦'/-- - ¦
- BRAN— $l2@l3 per ton. -
; MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton. :
f S FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled s Barley/ $15@17 i per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill/ $26@27;; Jobbing.
$27 60®28 ; I Cocoanut Cake, ¦ $20Jg?21 ; • Corn - Meal.
$23®23 60; Cracked Com. $23 50©24; i Mixed Feed.
$15 50: Cottonseed- Meal. $23 per, ton. •"•. - : - ,
. ; HAY— Wheat, • : $J@9 for .; common . to »ood ;
Business was -dull . on the t morning session
of the Bond Exchange and -the : only change
worthy of . note was •' an , advance In Giant
Powder to $82 62%. C
In the afternoon .there was not much doing.
Spring Valley Water was lower; at $96 75@
96 62%, and Giant Powder advanced to $84.
¦-. The oil exchanges . have .consolidated under
the - name of the Producers' Oil Exchange.
Trading In these stocks- continues light. -
The report of the yearly meeting of the Ban*
of British North America shows that the profits
for the half year ended December 31. Including
£10,288 brought forward from • .last .; account,
amounted to £64.753, out of which a dividend
was declared of 30s per share,' payable on April
6. There has been added to the reserve fund
£25,000. ' leaving a balance to be • carried for
ward'of £6900. -• ' v "- - ' "
Chollar has levied an assessment of 15 cents.
. STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, March 21—2 p. m. .»
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U 8 Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 3T4 <S
4s quar coup..U4% — Mutual El Co. 11% —
4s quar reg... — 114% O GL & H.;.. 46% 48%
4s quar ,new..136 — Pac Gas Imp.. 64 55
3s quar c0up. . 110% — Pae LCo ..44 —
Miscellaneous— . SF G & E.... 53 —
Cai-st Cab 55.. 117 •— -> San Francisco. 4% 4%
C C Wat 55...105%107 Stkn G.& ECo 10 —
Ed L & P 65.. 129 — Insuraneo—
F&CI Ry 65.. — 115 Firem's Fund.227% —
Geary-st R ss. — 95- Bank Stocks—
H C & S 6%5.105 HO* Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 69
Do 5s 106%— Bank of Ca1. ..405 —
LARy 5s 105>4 — Cal SD & T..100% —
L A, L Co 55.. — — First National.2so 290
Dogntd 65.. — — Lon P& A. ...130 —
Do gntd 55.. — 103 Merchants' Ex 13% IS
LA& P R 55.102%102% Nev Nat 8k... — —
Market-st 65... — — Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 55..116%117 Ger S & L..1800 — ?
NCN G R 75.106 — Hum SAL.— —
N Rof Cal 65. 113% — Mut Say Bk. 45 —
NR of Cal 55. 116% — S F Say V.. 510 —
NPC R R 65. 104 — Say & L So. 74 78
NPC R R 55. 106 107 Sec Say Bk. — —
NCR R 5s 109 — Unlan T Co. — —
Oak GL&H 55. 108% — . Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65.. .112-. — California ....119%121%
Oak WCo 55.. 105 — Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S C 0..105 — Market st Ry. 63% — .
Om CRy 65...127%128 OS L & H.... — 50
P&CI Ry 65. .104% — Presidio 15 — .
Pk &O Ry 6s. — : — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65.117 — California .....157% —
Sac LG&RSi, -90" — ' Giant Con Co.. 83H SiM
SF & SJV 55.117% — Vlgorit 3 „3%
S R of Cal 6s.il4T» — Sugar Stocks—
BPof A 65. ...11 l — Hana S P Co. S^ 9%
SPC 6s (1905).lll — ' Haw C&S Co 88% —
.Do (1906) ....112 113 Honokaa S Co. 31% —
Do (1912) .... — :.— Hutch S P Co. 26 —
Do Ist eg ss. — — Klauea S Co.. 21% 21%
8 P Br 6s/....127%128!4 Makaweli SCo 48 45%
SV Water 65.114 — Onomea S Co.. 28 — •
Do 4s 104 — Paauhau S Co. 25% 25%
S V W 45(3dm)102% — Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 65. .100 104 Al Pack Assn. US —
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn.loo 101%
Contra Costa.. 66% 67 • Mer Ex Assn.". — '100
Marin County. — — Oceanic S Co.. — 95
Spring Valley. 96% 97 \ Pac A F A.... S —
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.149 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 ¦ —
Morning Session.
5 Giant Powder Con $2 CO
B5 Giant Powder Con 82 50
30 Giant Powder Con..;-;.. 82 62Vi
100 Honokaa-.. ..../..... : 31 62» a
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 26 25
25 Paauhau S P Co 2S 57%
40 S V Water 97 00
Street—
350 Market-st Railway 63.25
$25,009 S P of C 6 per cent bonds (1SO5)...111 25
Afternoon Session. .
Board — . . ' '
10 Alaska Packers' Association lit 23 '
20 California Powder ...160 00.
100 Contra Costa Water 67 00
10 Contra Costa Water, s 90 67 00
10 Contra Costa Water, s, 90 >*.'...'.'...... ""66 50
15 Giant Powder 83 00
65 Giant Powder 84 50
80 Giant Powder S4 CO
50 Honokaa S Co 31 62%
100 Makaweli 48 25
50 Market-st Railway 63 50
$5000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds 127 75
26 S V Water .' 96 75 "
55 S V Water 96 62%
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. '
~ * Board —
300 Anaconda ES
100 Barker Ranch 1 15
100 Caribou :..; :..."......-• 70
100 Home Oil 3 70
Street..
75 Home Oil 370
Afternoon Session.
Board—'
250 Anaconda 55
50 Barker Ranch I 15
100 Stella ./"..; ........^.......' 55
150 Yukon ......./........'...... 1 15'
; MINING STOCKS. .
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Andes 14] 600 Overman ....... 29
300 Belcher 34 200 Potosl 26
200 Best & Belcher. 42 300 Seg Belcher 09
100 Confidence ..... 90 100 Sierra Nevada. 59
300 Gould & Curry- 21 100 Sierra Nevada. 58
200 Occidental -....; 15 200 Silver Hill 14
200 Ophlr.. 88 300 St L0ui5........ 10
• Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 07 100 Hale & Norcrs. 30
200 Andes 14 100 Justice 11
100 Belcher 32 600 Kentuek ........ 02
600 Best & Belcher. 40 ICO Occidental 15
100 Best & Belcher.' 39 200 Overman ... 25
. 150 Caledonia 115 20» Overman 26
200 Caledonia 110 5W> Savage 18
800 Chollar .25 200 Sierra Nevada. 57
400 Con Cal & Va..l 70 300 Silver Hill 20
400 Crown Point... 14 500 Utah 11
100 Crown Point... 15 100 Utah 12
400 Gould & Curry. 19
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: •
Morning Session. \
600 Alta .?. 07 300 Hale & Norcrs. 29
6CO Belcher 34 1100 Justice "...'. 10
150 Belcher 3G 200 Mexican ....... 30
300 Best & Belcher. 42 200 Ophir ..; '88
300 Best & Belcher. ' 40 200 Ophlr "...'. 87
200 Bullion" . 04 200 Overman ....... 31
150 Caledonia : 130 200 Overma n; 30
150 Caledonia ./.'...1 35 500 Overman 25
500 Challenge Con.. 30 400 Silver Hill 17
300 Crown Point... 16 300 Silver Hill IS
500 Exchequer 04 300 Yellow Jacket.. *16
Afternoon Session.
600 Alpha C0n...... 05 200 Ophlr ........... 86
150 Andes 13 300 Overman ...».;. 28
200 Caledonia ......1 10 200 Overman ....... 25
.200 Challenge Con. 28 200 Silver Hill 21
300 Challenge Con. 27 900 Sliver Hill is
2700 Lady Wash 03 „ -
- CLOSING, QUOTATIONS.
: ; WEDNESDAY. March 21-^4' p^ m.
' Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha ?. 05. OS Kentnck 01 02
Alta 06 . 07 Lady Wa5h...... 03 —
Andes 14 15 Mexican 27 28
Belcher ......... 32 33 Occidental 14 15
Best & Belcher. 38 39 Ophir 85 8S
Bullion 04 05 Overman 25 28
Caledonia ......1 10 120 Potosl ?...23 21
Chollar ......... 22 ,23 Savage ......... 16 17
Challenge Con. 27 , 23 Scorpion — 03
Confidence ..... 80 — Seg. Belcher 05 06
Con Cal & Va..l 70 175 Sierra Nevada. 65 57
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hill 20
Con New York. .—. — 04 St L0ui5......... 09
Crown -Point... 14 15! Standard .......2 90 —
Exchequer ..... 03 04jSyndicate 05 "
Gould & Curry. 19 20 Union Con :23 24
Hale & Norcrs. 29 30 Utah n 12
Julia ............— 02 Yellow Jacket.. IS 19
Justice ......... 10 12
C & NWSFdeb 65.121 SLA S F gen 65.120
Chicago Term 45.. 95 St Paul c0n5...... 169H
D & R G lsts 103% S P C & P lsts....H9tt
D & R G4s 98% S P C & P 55. .....120%
E T Va & Ga 15t5.102% So Railway 65. ....110%
Erie General 45.... 73 • Stand R &-,T 65... 6S
F W & D C lsts.. 70% Term new. set 35... 95
General Elec 65...U6 Tex & Pac; lsts... ll4%
GH&.S A 6s 109 Tex & Pac 2d5.... 55
GH& S A 2d5....10S Union Pacific 45.. .106
H & T C 65.. 110% Wabash lsts 116%
HiTC con 65... 110 . Wabash 2ds ....... 99%
lowa Cent 15t5.. ..115 West Shore 45...;..113%
Kans C«P & G »ts. 71% Wls Cent lsts 90%
La new cons 45. ...107 Va Centuries ...... 90
L & N Uni 4s ; 99% Va deferred ........ 9
So Pacific 4s 88% Colo & So 45....... 83%
M X & T 2ds 65%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ..." 23 Ontario 160
Crown Point .. 14 Ophlr ..:80
Con Cal & Va 165 Plymouth .......... 12
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 150
Gould £ Curry . ' IS Quicksilver prefd... 700
"Hale & Norcross.. 25 Sierra Nevada ... P5
Homestake . 60 Standard .......... 3 00
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 15
Mexican ,25' Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific ..... 63H
Call loans 314@<% Union Land 2
Time loans 4 ©5 West End 9$ Si
Stocks— • Westlnghse Elec... 42%
A T & S F.. ........ 24H -Bonds—
A T & S F prefd.. 63Vi Atchlson 4s 99V4
American 5ugar.. ..106% - Mining Shares —
Am Sugar prefd. ..llo Adventure ......... 4%
Bell Te1eph0ne.. ...315 Allouez Mln C 0..... 1
Boston &. Albany. .242 Amalg Copper...... 96%
Boston Elevated. ..ll6 Atlantic .22
Boston * Maine. ..194 Boston Sl Mont 298
Chgo Bur & Q....127Ti Butte & Boston... 6m
Dominion Coal 43 Calumet <fc Hecla_.74O.
Dom Coal prefd. ,.:114 7 « Centennial IS
Federal Steel E2H Franklin 1414
Fed Steel prefd.... 75H Osceola .- 66
Fltchburg prefd. ..l3l Parrot 45%
General Electric. ..l 27 Quincy 132
Gen Elec prefd 119 Santa Fe Copper... &\
Mexican Central... 13V Tamarack ...185
N E Gas &. Coke... 17H Utah Mining 23%
Old Colony 205H Wlnona 2V4
Old Dominion 16»i i Wolverines ........ 41
Rubber ....30 I ¦ «
New York Money Market.
NEW • YORK, March 21.— Money on call
steady at 34?5 per cent; last loan. 3 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 6@5W per cent. Sterl
ing exchange weak, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 S"i'i for demand and at
$4 82 for sixty days; posted rates. $4 83@4 83^4
and $4 86H94 87. Commercial' bills, $4 SlVi®
4 82. Silver certificates, 60»4@61«c. Bar silver,
COc. . Mexican dollars, 47%»c. Bonds-rGovern
ment. Irregular; railroad. Irregular; State,
steady.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON. March 21.— T0-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the ! general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $153,575,837; gold, $95,356,577.
London Market.
NEW YORK. March 21.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was reduced in the markets here to
day, and buying was more ragged with the
movements irregular, although the close was
firm. V, :
Americans were , active and strong, London
buying freely, particularly Baltimore and Ohio,
which New York hoisted a dollar and further
In the street. Atchlson preferred was. the soft
spot on rumors of pool troubles.
Paris advanced Tlntos to 55 9-16, but then
relapsed to 54%. It is rumored that there will
be a smaller dividend than recent expectation.
No ; gold was shipped or received. Calls were
only in fair demand. About half the sum
due the bank was repaid. Bills were more
plentiful and active.
CLOSING.
LONDON. March 21. — Canadian Pacific. 98>4:
Union Pacific. 77^,; Northern Pacific preferred,
7714: Atchlson, 24%; Grand Trunk. 8%; -Ana
conda, 9H; bar silver/steady, 27 11-16 d.
Steamer Movements.
Silver and Exchange remain as before.
Wheat and Barley quiet.
Oats fairly active. Corn dull. Rye easier.
Hay and Fefdstuffs as previously quoted.
Beans firmly held, with some demand.
Potatoes and Onions still inactive.
Liberal receipts of Summer Vegetables.
Poultry market well stocked and quiet.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs all declining.
Seven cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Provisions unchanged.
Increased exports of Wine.
THE STOCK MARKET
$9 SO for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat
and Oat. $5 50@9; Oat. $6@B; Barley. $507; Al
falfa, $6® 7 50 per ton. i .- .
STRAW— 2S@3Sc T per bale. -
Beans and Seeds.
Bean* are I reported ¦in I fair . demand , at full
flgures.'V. Otherwise there is nothing new.
.• BEANS— Bayos..s3@3 25; ; small White, $3 10
@3 25; : large White. . $3@3 15; Pinks. $2 609
2 85; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 35@4 63; I But
ters.-- nominal; Lima, $5 15@5 25; Pea, $3 2O@
3 40; Red Kidneys,. $3 50@4. :
- SEEDS — Brown :, Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. *M@i%c; Flax, $1 90®2 20; Canary,
3&c per lb for. California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9®loc; Rape, 2*4@3c; Hemp, 4S>4Hc:
Timothy, 4®4Hc -
- DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 90@2 25; Gr«en. U9O
©2 25 per ctl. -'.'
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
' Tomatoes are scarce. Receipts of Asparagus
are not too . large for the demand, but ' Peas
are in heavy supply. Potatoes, and Onions are
as before. p' r <, ¦ ¦ ' ¦¦ :-'.: -'. •'. ¦ ' ¦••.-- ¦¦ .' '
• Receipts were 1025 boxes Asparagus, 630 boxes
Rhubarb, 550 sacks Peas and 100 sacks new Po
tatoes.:-- ...-.-.•--.. ..'•-,-.--.; ¦/¦;.' ¦-•-.' ¦¦
- POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 70®SOc; River Reds.
70(gS0c; Burbanks, ; 40®70c per- sack;' Oregon
Burbanks, 65c@$l; Sweet Potatoes. $2 40®2 80
for Merced «nd $1 25 for Rivers; New Potatoes.
l%@2Hc. ----- '.'¦ ¦.-'. ,-...
ONIONS— S2 40@2 60 per ctl; Cut Onions, 50c@
$1 50. y ¦-- - - - '¦ ¦ • .-¦
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb." $I@l 60 per box;
Asparagus, 60c@$l per box for No. 2 and $1 25®
1 60 for No. 1 and $1 75®2 for fancy large; Green
Peas, l%@2c per lb; String Beans, 3@Bc; Cab
bage,. 40(850c ; Los- Angeles -Tomatoes, $1 50®
"2; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 831214 c; Dried
Okra, 32% c per lb; Garlic, 2H^3V4c; Green Pep
pers from Los ' Angeles.' ; Dried P^ppers. 8®
10c; Carrots. 25035 c per sack; Los Angeles Sum
mer . Squash; . $I@l 60 . per .' box; Marrowfat
Squash, nominal. . • '¦;?.•*''' *. '" '
Poultry and Game.
There . Is etlll : considerable : Eastern ' Poultry
on the market,' and the feeling Is rather easy
in consequence. • though there ' is •no decline.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l2c for Gobblers
and 12013 c for Hens ; Geese, per pair, $2®2 60 ;
Goslings. J2 50@3; Ducks. $4@5 for old and $4@5
for : young; '. Hens, $4@5 50; Young Roosters, $6
@7; Old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryers,' s6; Broilers,
$4 50tgS 60 for large and $3@4 f or small; Pigeons,
$1 60@l 75 per dozen I for old and $2@2 25 for
Squabs. ' V- ¦
GAME— Hare, ;$1; ¦ Rabbits. $1 25@1 50; I Gray
Geese. $2; White. 76c: Brant. $1 25@1 50; Hon
kers, $3 per dozen; English Snipe, $2 50@3; Jack
Snipe, $1 50 v
'l. ; -_ •' _T~ ! . _: •
Butter, Eggs and Cheese.
Another decline In Butter is noted, due to an
accumulation of stock. Cheese is also off again,
and the market Is very weak at the decline^
Most dealers quote 14c as the top for ranch'
Eggs, though a good many are still bringing
15C. - - " .". : ' ¦ ..' . ¦ " ¦ " ¦¦ - ¦
Dealers are complaining of the custom of
washing Eggs on the ranches. Eggs that are
washed, especially where chemicals or butter
milk are used, turn green Inside In three or
four . days," and have a bad smell. Such Eggs
are. sent back by the retailers, and trouble re
sults. Commission merchants . are notifying
their shippers to discontinue the practice. . ..
BUTTER— - ' -¦•;-¦-.
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 20c; seconds, 19c.
• Dairy— Fancy. 18c; good to choice, 16@17c;
CHEESE— Choice mild new.- 8c; old. 7%c;
Young America, Bt4@3c; Eastern, 15@16c^West
ern, 13%@1,0c per lb. -• '.
EGGS— Quoted at 12^<gl3c for store and 13%
@15c per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits."
The Orange market Is in pretty good- shape,
judging ; by the following 'figures • obtained for
seven cars at yesterday's auction: Fancy
Navels. $1 Zl<S2 25; choice . Navels. $1 10^1 80;
standard, 65c@$l 35: seedlings. . 65c@$l 10;
Lemons, $1 45; Pomelos. 55c© $2 70. _^
Strawberries from Watsonvllle brought $.@8
per chest, and those from Palo Alto $1 per
Arrival of 330' cases Mexican Limes, 9 crates
of Acapulco Pineapples and 16 crates o£ Man-
SC DECIDUOUS FRUITS— _
. APPLES— 7S®9Oc per - box for common. $1®
150 for good to choice and $175*32 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, *1 60®:! i 5
per box; Seedlings. 75c@*l 50; Lempns, $l(gl aO
for common and $2@2 60 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $5 50©6; California Limes,- aO@
75c; Bananas, $I@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
$4<gs per dozen.
Dried Fruits} Nuts and Raising
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks. 4@4%c for
40-50' B. 3®3%c for - 60-60's, SiSS^c for 60-70' s,
!Vic for 70-80' s, 3c for SO-90's and 2%c for 90
100's; ADricots. ll@l2V4c for Royals, 12%@15c
for Moorparks and 12@13V4c for Blenheims;
Peaches, SHSfio,:, for Standards. 6V4@6%c - for
choice and 7@Bc for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10®
12V4c; Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried, 6@
5V»c per lb; Nectarines. B@9c; Pears.' 3^4@4Hc
for dark and 7®Sc for bright halves: Black
Figs, 2@2',4c; White Figs, 2@3c; Bleached
Plums B@Sc; unbleached Plums, 7®7V4c for
pitted and l%c for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb We; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. , 6c. ¦ Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B>4c; choice, 7%c; standard. 6Hc;
prime. sc: unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. sc: 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5%c;
3-crown. 6^4c; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers,
2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Iniperlal, $3. All
prices are f . o. b. at common shipping points
in California. ¦ . „ '.. , , ,
NUTS— Walnuts. B@oc for standards and
0010 c for- softshells; Almonds. - llH@l2c for
paper shell, 9@loc for soft and 4@se for hard
shell; Peanuts; s%®6»ic for Eastern and 5c
for California; Brazil Nuts, 7^@Bc; Filberts,
lZfil'Vic" Pecans, ll(S13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50f 5.
HONEY— Comb. ll^lfWc for bright and 10%@
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7%c: light amber extracted. 7Vi@7%c; dark,
6%*f6c*per lb. - - --¦•¦•<¦ "¦. ¦ ?' - .' " »•¦ ;
BEESWAX— 24(g26c per lb.
Provisions.
* CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%e per lb .•¦ for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10% c for light.
12Vic for extra; light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Fastern ' sugar-cured" Hams, 13c j California
Hams nominal: Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra
Me^« '$13: Family. $14t extra Prime Pork. $14 50;
extra clear. $17 50; Mess. *16 60: .Smoked Beef,
12 1 4<5'13c per : lb. : • - ".< '" '. -¦' ¦ ¦¦ ¦
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6V4@7c per lb : for
compound and 7%c for pure; halt barrels, pure,
8c; 10-lb tins, BHc: 5-lb tins^B%c. -s '
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7T4@B%c per Ib; 10-lb
tins, 9Vic. . ' -jl^__
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES ' AND ' SKINS-rCulls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
10c- medium, 9&c; light/ 9c; 'Cowhides. v'9 C ;
Stags 7c; Salted Kip, 9@9^c; Calf,' 9^@loc;
Dry Hides, ; sound. ISc; culls; and brands, 15c;
Dry KIP and Veal. Me; , Dry Calf, 19c; Sheep
skins shearlings, 15<£3Oc each; short Wool, 35@
60c each: medium. 70@90c; long Wool. ll@l 25
each- Horse Hides. $2 25©2 75 for large and 75c
esl 75 for small: Colts. - 25@50c. Deer Skins-
Summer or red-sklna, 40c; fall or medium skins.
35c- winter or thin skins, 20c. ¦ Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras, 75c ; , large and smooth, 60c;
,™TA I LLbW^-No. 1 rendered. siSs^c per lb; No.
2^4®4V4c; refined. 6Hc; grease, 2%@3c. ;
'¦ Fall ' clip; San Joaquln plains. 9®loc: South
ei-n8@10c; Middle County, ll@13c; Humboldt.
and Mendocino, 17#20c; Eastern Oregon. 13®
16c- Valley Oregon, 18@20c; Northern Mountain,
.freei*'ll@l4c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10©
llcper lb. -"¦'"' : - ? ; ; . "
.HOPS— 6%©loc per lb.r
San Francisco Meat Market. ¦ '¦";'
BEEF— 6U@7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL-^-«@9c per lb. : > •
-"' MUTTON— Wethers, B@B%c: ewes. 7%@Be per
'^LAMB-Sprlng.lOiffnc^per lb. ? - «
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%0 for : small and me
dium, and s%@sHc for large ; ¦ s^ock Hogs and
feeders, 6@s>4c; dressed Hogs,- 7@S' / 4c
General Merchandise.
. BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 65; .Calcutta
Grain Bags, i 6%@6%cr - Wool Bags, . 2SH@32Hc;
Fleece '„ Twine. ',7 l /ic ; .. .
-"• COAL— Wellington, : sS per ton; New Welllng
'ton." JS;,'Southfield Wellington, V 60; Seattle
$6 50: Bryant; J6 50: Coos | Bay.' $5 50; Wallsend.
$8- . Co-operative : Wallsend,- $S; :: Scotch; •
Cumberland, i %\2 in bulk and $13 50 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite 'Egg,- $13; Cannel 111
per ton;. Coke.. Jlo per ton In bulk 'and 117 in
sacks..- -"- -"-~ ; ¦-".- ¦ '.'•-. _-¦¦- ¦ '¦;-.•-¦-, .¦;¦¦¦¦ '¦•¦--?
' SUGAR— The Western Sugar , Refining Com
pany - quotes, r per ; Ib <in 100-lb bags : Cubes, A
Crushed 'I and s Fine % Crushed, ;j 5.60 c ;. Powdered."
5.60 c; Candy. Granulated,' s.2oc; ; Dry Granulated.
6.10 c; Confectioners' A, 7 6.10 c; Magnolia A, 4.70 c;
Extra' C,"v 4.60c 1 ; ' Golden < C, 4.50 c; barrels; , 10c
morei > half-barrels.", 25c i more ; ¦ boxes, : 50c • more;
50-lb oags, 'loc -more. 'No orders taken for less
than "- 75 ? barrels .; or •: its ' equivalent. > Domlnos,
half -barrels, 5.85 c; boxes,: 6.10 c per.lb.V •• • - •.
Receipts of Produces
FOR WEDNESDAY, (MARCH 21.
Flour. 1 - qr eks..'.V. J 27.836 Sugar." sks.'.'....;: - : 5,000
Wheat,-, ct15.. :•.•...¦. 4,120 Lime. bb15.. ....... 226
Barley, ctls ;v..v:.:-' 4,580 Leather/ r0115...... 174
Oats. t. ct15......... .180 Quicksilver. s flsks B8
C0rn.* ct15..:. ..:...: 441 Eggs. d0z. ......... 24.450
Butter.'ctls ... 449 Wine, ga15........ 39,100
Cheese.'ctls. :...¦.. S97jPelts. bd15. ........
Tallow, ct15.::...."; 215 Hides, N0..:...,..' 174
Beans. . 5k5. .......,/' 3911 Wool,"^ bag 5....... : : 95
Potatoes, 5k5..... 1,453 Straw, tons. -."•"-•
Middlings, sks.... 90 Hay,- tons 461
Bran, 5k5......... = 440 i ,;
OREGON.
Flour.iqr 5k5..... 20,183 ' Onions, 5k5. .:.... 453
Potatoes, 5k5..... 2.BB9] Bran, sks , 375
Continued on* Page Eleven.
Exports of Lumber.
Exports of lumber from this port during the
firet two months of the year amounted to
2,706.000 feet, valued at JE7.960. against 1.668,000
feet at $50,000 during the same time In IS9S.
Exports of Wine.
Exports of wine from this port by sea during
the flrrt two months of the year amounted to
1.057.W/0 gallons and 1270 cases, valued at K21.
220, against 705.2 M rjilloiSs and 1J46 cases at
{237,000 during the came time last year.
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
The New York Commercial says: "Prunes
are quiet, with sales limited to •mall lots,
rarely exceeding 100 boxes. Most orders are
for from twenty-five to fifty boxes. The sup
plies oa the Coaet are held to be compar
atively light, except large sizes, and the
probability is that everything will be cleaned
up before the next crop is ready for distribu
tion, with the exception previously noted. The
conditions under which business is carried on
are unchanged, and no Immediate Improvement
is expected.
••Raisins crttlnue dull, with small orders
received only. There are said to be about
115 cars in association sweat boxes, but most
of them will go to the wineries. The bulk of
toe supply is composed of the lower grades.
Orient* and Pacifies, and demand for them Is
light at present. It is expected that there will
be a better trade later, but at present the
situation presents no encouraging feature.
•Teaches are barely steady at about pre
vious rrtcee. but movement Is slow and buy
ers are not prepared to make large purchases.
Holders are under the impression that buyers
will be compelled to accept their terms and
therefore refuse to make concessions though
eiight reductions in quotations would cause
a good many orders to be placed. No cheap
caches have been found yet.
•Apricots sell only in a retail way. but
prices are well maintained. Nearly everything
It in second hands and second hand holders are
net urgent tellers."
Xezv York Money Market.
Henry Clews 1 New York circular says: "Con
ditions affecting general business are unusually
satisfactory. Industrial, agricultural and trans
portation interests are all actively employed,
and there are yet no Indications of abatement.
The most significant event of the week was,
of course, the enactment of the geld standard
bill into law. That buries the sliver Issue;
puts the stamp of honesty upon United States
obligations, and removes forever the distrust
which had for years threatened to undermine
American credit, and which Just four years
ago brought us to the verge of disastrous
panic. The effect "of the bill upon the money
irou-ket will be felt gradually; the first result
being the Increase of circulation from SO to 100
per cent of par value of bonds. Much harm is
being done by sensational calculations of the
amount of inflation the new bill will permiL
Usually these statements have been put out
by unscrupulous or irresponsible parties who
wieh to stimulate public buying of stocks
through spreading exaggerated Ideas of the
probable additions to our currency. As al
rtady stated in these advices It will be some
time before the amount of new circulation
reaches J100.000.000. if it ever touches that in
rress- under present conditions. In view of
the enormous expansion of business and the
Increased demand for small notes for retail
t.urpoM* there is not much Inflation in this
Juni This addition, however, is likely to
aSord important relief at a time when most
ne'-Jed, viz.: for the crop movement next
au.umn. The high prices of Government bonds
Jftsen the inducements for Eastern banks to
t»ke out additional circulation; but this will
be a smaller factor in the West and South,
where higher rates of Interest prevail. In
those sections circulation can be Issued with
greater profit than here, and it is precisely
there where considerable additions are most
needed Should this prove the course of affairs,
as seem* most likely. It will lessen the de
mands upon Eastern banks to that extent and
so diminish the possibilities of tension here.
The monetary situation, however, will bear
watching when the ui-ual fall demands assert
themselves. At the moment the money mar
ket le adverse to increased buying of stocks;
a poor bank statement being anticipated; and
more comfortable conditions cannot be expected
until the April settlements are over."
Weather Report.
<120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.;
SAN FRANCISCO. March 21. 1900-r, p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date ac compared with thofe of the same date
la*t '«eason. and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hour.:
Stations— ** Hoars. S»a«on. Eeaeon.
Eureka «•<» - «- X i9cl
Re"Bluff O-00 M.SI 15.3S
Bacramento 0.00 15.€1 11.68
San Francisco ©•<*> X7-K "•«?
rretno «<X> "- 0 * 6 - M •
Independence COO 2.42 1.1«
Pan Lu'.f Obispo COO 14.T5 II.M
Loe Angeles 0.00 6.55 i.n
Fan Ditgo 0.00 l.lt 4.E8
Tumi ' 0.01 «.H 1.84
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
d; minimum, 61; mean, Li. ¦
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There has been a general fall in pressure over
the country west of the Rocky Mountains dur
ing the past twenty-four hours. An area of
low pressure overlies Arizona and Eastern- Cali
fornia. There are no indications yet o£ the ap
proach of a storm on the Pacific Coast,- but the
low over Boutheastrrn California may work
northward and bring about general rains on the
eoest.
The temperature has risen slowly over Ne
vada and the valleys of California.
lialn has fallen in Arizona and it is snowing
in Flagstaff.
Forecast mid* at San Francisco for thirty
hours endlnK mi«Jnigrht, March 22. 1M0;
Northern California— Cloudy, unsettled w»*th
•!- Thursday; ligbt northerly, changlcg to
Southern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Thursday, with occasional light showers in
the mountains; fre*h southwesterly winds.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursdsy.
Arizona— Clcuiy Thursday, with occasional
Fliowcrs.
Han Francisco and \lctnity — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Thursday; fre«h southwesterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
--' Cash "'. quotations -" were < as >' follows: -¦ Flour.'
steady;-No." 2 red, 68»4c;'N0. ;2 corn, 3S>4c; No.
2 oats, 24c ; No." 3 white, 26H@27c ; ' No. I white,
26V 4 @26%crN0.i2-rye. 55@55Hc; t No.; t ; barley,
3£@42c: ; No. 1':1 ': flaxseed. usl 65; r. prime • timothy
seed, jl2 40@2 50; mess . pork/ per barrel, | JlO 75@
11 40; lard, per 100 pounds, %S 90®8 05: short ribs
sides - (loose), $6 05^6 30; dry salted shoulders
(bcxed). «H@6Hc; ¦ short clear sides • (boxed),
-M--^ THURSDAY. MARCH 22.
Sun rises...;.. ••..'...........'................ g;n
Sun 5et5............... s-23
Moon ;r15e5.".V...V.~.-. .'..;.¦...•.-.".¦::,'.....;. 0:00 a . - in.
EASTERN MARKETS
Nczv York Stock Market.
NHW YORK, March 21.— There were Impres
sive elements oL strength In the stock market
to-day due to the large and conSdent buying
of eorne of the railroad stocks. The market
was not very broad, the demand being re-,
etricted to comparatively few stocks and there
nx« not much evidence of what is called . in
Wall street public interest in the stock mar
ket. The buying was undoubtedly based, how
ever, on the expectation that the public will
shortly come into the stock market. It is con
trary to the custom of this outside public . to
come in and buy stocks when prices are at
an invitingly low level. They wait until a
rise is in full progress and apparently the
present movement has been inaugurated with
a view to affording an object lesson ' In in
creasing values. The price movement to-day
war actively manipulated and- was carefully
nursed. It is based primarily upon. the gen
erally prosperous condition for business, the
lilrb level of railroad earnings, which is be
ing maintained, and the symptoms of an early
relaxation in the money market. ' 'While ' the
movement thus far is confined "to the taking
on of etocks by wealthy professional operators
or by Insiders in the various properties It ' is
LOCAL MARKETS
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
SUMMARY: OF' THE MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
AUCTION SALES
$5 35@* 46;' "whisky. ~ distillers* : finished goods,"
per gallon,'. sl 24%; sugars, cut loaf, 6.00 c; gran-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THIJIISDAY,; MARCH 22;, 1900.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ......;. ...103,000 48,000
Wheat, bushels 49,000 43,000
Corn, bushels 508,000 110.000
Oats, bushels ....;. 482,000 842,000
Rye..bushels ;. 11,000 , 9,000
Barley, bushel* 81.000 ' 18,000
¦ On the Pr«suca Exchange to-day, ths but
ter market was easy; creamery, 19@23%c;
dairy.~ 16@22c. Cheese, firm; 12@13c Eggs,
steady, fresh, 12c. - . '
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
50— Road, Work and Draft Horses— sB
;£* AT V £a
EMPORIUM HORSE MARKET,
220 VALENCIA STREET."
TO-MORROW. .
"'FRIDAY. March 23, at 11 a. m..
By order of O. W. WELBY, we will sell all
the horses and mares from his ranch, consist-
ing of the get of Diablo. Arrion. Tennesortan.
Yukon, Imp. , Partizen; also r " som« fine draft
horses s nd- mares. . " ,
Parties wanting horses should come ana ex-
amine this stock, as he has spared no «xpens»
in raising them and offers for sale the nnest
lot of driving and work, horses ever offered at
auction without reserve. Horses at yard Thurs-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
Office. 327 Sixth street.
INITIAL AUCTION SALE
:£&/: :-9 F ¦
109 Draft and Carriage Horses.
Consigned" Direct by John Collins. Honcut.
¦ Butte Co.. California,
Comprising the finest : lot ¦of broken and un-
broken, sound, •', bloeky-built and handsom*
horses ever offered in this city. /«• rangtn*
from 4 to 8 years. Weighing 1050 to 1600 lbs.
All passed by veterinary. Suitable for every
purpose. No culls, worn-out or second-hand
horses among them. No reserve. Public In-
vited to lnspect^them now at salesyard.
Sale Takes Place at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST., NEAR THIRD. -
NEXT MONDAY '.:. '.March U
Commencing at 10:30 A. M. .
W. G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
and tl-en th« number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* of
reference I* thejnean of the lower low waters.
New York Grain and Produce.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- ' Mar. July.
Opening ........ r...... . 6 9% 6 *%,
Closing .....•...:. 6 9% 5 8%
Wheat— " "-..:.¦ Mar. May- Aug.
Opening .20 20 20 90
Closing .....;.... 20 20. 20 95
' ¦' Flour — _ . "• ¦¦ •-':.¦
Opening ........................ 26 05 27 00
Closing 26 10 27 15
Chicago . Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, March 21.— CATTLE — Receipts,
16.500; steers. 10c lower except best; 'butchers'
stock- active., firm. Natives — Best on 'sale to
day. S5 60; good to prime steers, steady to shade
lower, $4 7o@l 80; poor to medium, 10c : lower,
J4@4 65; selected feeders, steady. J4@4* 70: mixed
stockers. quiet.. S3 40@3 90 ; cows, : firm, ; J3@4 20;
heifers, steady, $3 1504 60; canners, active, $2 25
©3; bulls, steady, J2 »5@4 20; calves,- unchanged.
$4 60@6. Texans— Receipts, 1500; best on sale
to-day/ %i 50; Texas fed steers, active, steady,
S3 75(& 5 J.Texas buhs.^ steady, *3 15®3 65. '.-s ¦¦¦=-:
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 31,000: estimated to
morrow.'2B,ooo; left over BOOO; market 5c to 10c
lower; top, S5 12%; mixed and butchers'. S4 80@
5 10; good to choice heavy, J4 95©5 12V4: rough
heavy. U So#4 90; light, S4 75@5 02%; bulk of
sales, S4 95@5. • ; -
SHEEP— Receipts. 10,000; sheep, strong to
shade higher; lambs, 10c to 15c higher. Good to
choice wethers, $5 60®5 85; fair to choice mixed,
*sigs 60; Western sheep, 15 40@5 80: yearlings.
$G<66 SO; native lambs. S5 50@7 J5; Western
lambs, J637 15. ¦ ,
Boston . Wool : Market.
BOSTON. March 21.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
There has' been more Inquiry for wool during
the -week under review and the tone of the mar
ket Is rather steadier.? There, has been no ad
vance in price, but the downward tendency ¦in
values appears to be temporarily arrested, at
any rate. The market seems to have settled
udod a basis on which actual, business can be
consummated to some extent and the general
feeling pervading the trade certainly shows
more hopefulness and ¦ confidence. No* great
amount of business has been done, however,
and If it were not for a large sale of a million
pounds reported by a certain well-known house
the business of the week would foot up a pretty
small total. On the average there has been a
decline of 6@7% per cent of domestic wool from
the top edge touched by the market . last No
vember/but for the time being the market is
In a steady position as to prices.
The sales of the week in Boston amounted to
3.007.000 pounds domestic and 588,000 pounds for
eign, making a total of 3,595,000 pounds, against
a total 0/ 1,907,000 pounds for the previous week,
and a total of 2,390,300 pounds for the corre
sponding week last year. ¦
Sales since January 1 amount to 38,030,000
pounds, against 41,064,000 pounds for the corre
sponding time last year.
London 'Wool Sales. '
LONDON, March 21.— At the wool auction
Fales 13,055 bales were offered. The attendance
was good and there were fairly representative
catalogues.- A good collection of merinos and
crossbreds were taken by the home trade..
American reoresentatives were the chief pur
chasers; Continental buyers were cautious.
There were large withdrawals of scoured locks
and pieces, which attracted the attention of the
French and German representatives, . and sold
at slightly Improved prices. Cape of Good
Hope and Natal wools were fairly competed for
at a farthlnz decline.
New York Metal Market.
. NEW YORK. March 21.— Business was slow
in the metal market to-day. Cables were about
as expected. Locally, tin reacted a partial 12%
points from yesterday's decline, ruling steady
all day. The close was quiet at S3l So bid and
532 asked. Pigiron warrants were quiet, no
quotation given. Copper ruled quiet .and un
changed, closing at $16 60. Lead was unchanged
at J4 «7% bid and $4 72% asked. Spelter, while
quiet, ruled a shade easier, closing at $4 55
bid . and $4 60 asked. The brokers' price . for
lead was $4 45 and for copper Sl6 50. •
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND,. March 21.— Clearings, $285,755;
balances. $76,383.
. • " — — — — . * . ¦
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, March 21.— WHEAT— Steady;
Walla Walla, 54c; valley, 53ig'53%c; blue stem,
sE®s6c. . .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 21.— Wheat prices nominally
unchanged, but nothing doing; blue stem, 52 l jc:
club, 50% c. • • ¦
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 21.— Consols, 102% ; silver.
27 11-16 d; French rentes, l(ftf 47% c; cargoes on
passage, nominal, 1 unchanged; English country
markets, part 6d dearer. - ¦ ¦: .
LIVERPOOL, March 21.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in, Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French
country markets," steady. • ' -".
COTTON— Uplands, 5 9-16 d.
CLOSING.
- WHEAT — Spot No. 1 northern spring, firm,
6s 3d; futures, steady. March, nominal; May,
5s 9%d: July. 5s B%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new. 3s "10Ud;
old 3s. lid; futures, steady. May, . 3s 10!« d;
July. 3s 9T4d. -.' '•,-¦ ¦•¦"-- :'
NEW TORK, March 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
2L052;.* exports, 11,413; moderately active and
barely steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 68,800 bushels; exports,
67,927; spot easier; No. ¦ 2 red, 76% c elevator;
No. 2 red, 79% c afloat; No. .l. Northern Duluth,
79?ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, So"4c
t. o. b. afloat. Options opened steady and were
inclined to improve throughout the forenoon
on firm Paris cables, with reports of damage
In France and crop complaints from our own
country as well. 1 The late market, however,
•was much weaker because of a bear raid pre
sumably aimed at a New York party, who is
long of wheat. This was helped by reports
that Argentine shipments would be heavier In
the near future, closed weak at Y*o net de
cline. March closed 76*ic; May, 72 13-16@73%c,
closed 72ftc; July. ",2'qTi 7-16 c, closed 7Sc;'Sep
tember closed 72T«c. ¦
HOPS— Steady.
•WOOL— Quiet. - - ' ¦;
COFFEE— Options closed steady, with" prices
5 to 10 points higher; total sales, 11,000 bags,
including: March, *6 80<36 83; September. $5 95-
January, $7 20®7 25; February, 17 25. . Spot Rio.
Irregular; No. 7 invoice, SW®BHc;' spot Job
bing, S»i@S%c. Mild, quiet; Cordova, »M@Uc.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6531 packages; firm.
Western creamery, 21<r?25c; factory, 18@20c.
EGGS— Receipts. 10,547 packages; firm. West
ern at mark, 15%i§16c; Southern at mark, U^®
lafce.
DRIED FRUITS.
Business in evaporated apples continued
slack. Sellers appeared to be holding off.
This, together with a strong - class of country
advices. Influenced the market here, ruling
steady In tone at fully sustained prices all
day.
California dried fruits were quiet, ' but steady
at unchanged prices.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common
4H<S&%c; prime, 6®6>4c; choice, 7@7Hc; fancy,
7si@S%C.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3V4@7c per
pound, as to quality and size. - .
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13015 c; • Moorpark, 15018 c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 18®22c; unpeeled, 7V4@9c
Chicago Grain Market.
Time Ball.
Branch . Hydrographlc Of flee. TJ.' R N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, " San . Francisco, Cal
i March 21. 1900. t.- .
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. •-. c.. at -: noon ¦ of . the 120 t h" meridian, or at 9
o'clock p. m.. . Greenwich , time. ' '
. C. G.* CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U/ S. N.. in charge.
• CHICAGO, March 2L — May wheat opened a
shade down at • 6CV4!366%c, and eased quickly
to 66&4 c. Influenced by, the prediction of Argen
tine shipments. s A. cable from that country
said fifty boats '. were being • loaded.' At the
decline . matters took " a . better aspect "- and ' a
reaction followed, May selling to < 66X@66%c.
The seaboard reported .- a good I demand • both
from England and ' the Continent and 50,000
bushels were reported sold ¦ here ., for - export.
Bids for 150.000 were in the hands of cash peo
ple. Liverpool was steady • and Paris higher.
The bulge met profit-taking, however, and the
demand having apparently been - satisfied the
market -. turned, slumping to 66Hc. • The . closa
was weak. May % r a\±c depressed at 66>4 / 56GVic.
Trade on the whole win rather dull i and feel-
Ing , bearish. . - * . • r . ¦
Trade In corn was small and altogether local
In character. - Country - offerings . were small,
but the shipping demand was also light. May
closed %c down at 37 1 ,ie. • . ?
The oats market was steady, helped by Borne
demand from shippers and . the small Eastern
stocks. May- closed- a shads , higher r at " 24®
The provision market, save In May pork, was
firm. Pork advanced In sympathy ; with 1 lard
and ribs, shorts covering. - but' lost the ad
vance and closed s weak. *.. There t was . a good
cash demand for lard and ribs. * The opening
was rather easy, in sympathy with lower hogs.
May pork closed Be under yesterday. May lard
20c higher and May ribs Cc Improved.
The leading futures ranged as" follows: '
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United -States Coait and - Geodetic Survey—
Timen and Heights •'» of . High and Low
Waters at « Fort ¦-: Point, entrance ;to : San
? . Francisco -. Bay." r ' Published ' by * official " au
thority of, the Superintendent. -* . -....<
NOTEi— The i high and . low waters . occur -at
the, city 7 ¦front * (Mission-street c wharf) • about
twenty-five ( minutes • later than * at ' Fort ¦ Point :
thg height of tide Is the same at both places.'
Articles— ' Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2— ?'¦¦• '
March.... 6« 6« *5% 65%
May .;.: .66% 6«% 66%.v 66%
July 67J4 .67%. .67 67%
Corn No. 2— ,
March 35% .... ..:. 3554
May .:......;....... 37% 37% -. 37 . 37%
July 37%. .37% «H4 37H
September .. 38)4-. 35% 37% 381*
Oats No. 2— .';.-. .- "
May.. ,24 24% 24 •". 24%
July ................ 22% 23 22% 23
Mess pork,. per barrel — w '
May .....1135 1160 1132% 11 $5
July ................1115 11 27% -11 12% 1125
Lard, per 100. lbs— ; ~ . . ,
May ................ 605 610 -6 024 « 07%
July ;.;;..:../...../ 6 12% $so 6 12V4 « 16 -
Bhort ribs, per 100 lbs— . - -.-. v -¦¦¦
May .. 6 07% : «17%.; 6 07% 615 '
July ........V.. .'..¦..¦" < 10 ; 620 . 610 :..";- C 17%
ARRIVED.
. . ' Tuesday. March 20.
Schr Maweema, Smith, 10 days from BaHard.
¦Wednesday, March 21. •
Stmr State of California. Gaze, 55%, hour*
from Portland, via Astoria 40% hours.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. 18 days from Al
bion. - .
Stmr Sunol. Green. 72 hours from Grays
Harbor. • ¦ ¦ ¦
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Fllmer. 26 days 23
hours from Hongkong, via Yokohama IS days
23 hours 50 minutes, and via Honolulu S days
23 hours and 10 minutes.
Bark B P Cheney. Johnson. 16 days from S«
attle. via Clallam Bay 7 days.
Fr bark Kmi lie Gal tine, Tattevin, 257 days
from Swansea, via Rio de Janeiro 110 days.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen, 7 days from Coquills
Schr Rio Key, Kaluin. 18 days fom Coqullla
Schr Joseph and Henry. Rasmussen. ( days
from Coqullle River.
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel, 15 days from Tll
lamook.
Schr Admiral. Beck, 9 days from Port Gam
ble:
Schr A'ine, Small, 8 days from Grays Har
bor. . .
Schr Berwick, Peterson, 7 days from Stus
law River.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobs, 7 days from Slus-
River.
Schr J B Leeds, Nielsen, 33 days from Saa
Marcos.
I Schr Maid of Orleans, Johnson, 17 days .from
Port Blakeley. ¦ .
Schr Wing and Wing:, Hansen. 15 days front
New Whatcom.
CLEARED. v
Wednesday, March 21.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall, Victoria, etc; Good
all. Perkins *•- Co.
Stmr MariDOsa. Houdlette, Sydney and Hono
lulu; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Pomona. Alexander. San Diego: Good
all. Perklnr. & Co. ¦¦- ?
Stmr Pacific. Johnston. Prince William
Sound; Alaska Packers* Association.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson. Hllo; J D
Spreckels £ Bros Co. .
Schr Zampa, Pettersen,' Santa Rosalia; Felix
Santalller. ' * - -
SAILED. • ,
Wednesday, March n.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlelleld. Seattle.
Stmr . Mariposa. Houdlette, Honolulu tad
Sydney. * - -. .
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfieth, Crescent City.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. Chemainus,
Ship Kennebec. Lewis. Melbourne. .
/ Br ship Aneyra, Stuart. Queenstown.
Schr W-F Jewett. Johnson, -Willapa Harbor.
Schr J Eppinger. Nyman. Timber Cove. ¦
Schr' Maxim, Olsen. Caspar.
Schr Abbte. Peterson. Caspar. -
Schr Ida Schnauer/ Sorensen. Port Gambia.
Schr Ocean Spray. Larsen. Iversens Landincw
-.Schr Newark, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Occidental. Roslch/ Grays Harbor.
'.TELEGRAPHIC. . -
POINT .LOBOS, March 21. 10 p m— Weath««
hazy; wind W/ velocity 12 miles. ¦ .
RELEASED FROM QUARANTINE..
$PoKlHPMaaC?'.Wednesday. March n.
Ger bark H F Glade, bark C D Bryant and
schr Mary.Dodie. — - -
SPOKEN.
Feb 1. lat 7S. lon 35 W— Br ship Marechal
Suchet. from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
Feb 21. lat 17 S,: lon 30 W— Ger ship Nlobe.
from Portland, for Qfueenstown.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Emille Galllne. from Swansea; at Saa
Francisco March 21— On Sept 30 and Oct 1 had
a succession of heavy NNW sales off Cap*
Horn, earning away foreyard and damaged th»
wheel and had to put back to Rio de Janeiro,
arriving there Oct 29. Repaired and sailed
aCiU ° **? PORTS.
SEATTLE— SaiIed March 20— Jap stmr Nano
Maru for Orient; stmr Csarina, tor San Fran
cisco. ¦ March 21— Stmr Willamette., for San
Francisco; ship Servla. for San Francisco.
- POKT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 21— Stmr
Victoria." from Manila; schr Annie M Camp
bell, from Honolulu. • •»¦
Passed up March tl. 9:30 a m— Stmr Jeanie.
hence March 1~. tor Seattle. CMHMHMMm
USAL-Trrived March 21-Stmr Newsboy.
' r pORT en BLAKELET-Salled March 21-Schr
Repeat. " for Suva, FIJI; schr Excelsior, for
: fiOCKPORT— Sailed March 21— Stmr Scotia,
fO GREENWOOD^3aIIed March 21-Stmr Alea-
-"HADLOCK-Salled March S-Bxtn 3
M Griffith, for Honolulu; bktn Willie R Hume,
for San Frsndsco. .. .
COOS BAY— Arrived March 21— Stmr Empire,
hence ' March 13.
PORT LUDLOW-Arrfved March 21-Schr
Okandgan.frcm Port .Townsend. ....:...
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 20— Stmr Bruns
wick; from Eureka. '< March 21— Schr WlnsloV.
from Tacoma: stmr Alcatraz from Greenwood.
?- EUREKA— Arrived : March 21— Stmr Orizaba,
hence March 20.. - • • -?,,
Sailed March 21— Schr » Lottie Carson. • for
Guaymas: schr Nettle Sundborg. • f or San Fran
cisco; " stmr Luella. for San Francisco; stmr
Pasadena, for San Pedro. I
8
O? Time
? H,W
I ... 1:26
> ... 1:20
t ¦'..: 4:31
IL. W
;':.. o:n
i ... 1:21
T... 2:IS
ifr:. ~3:ll
s\
s.z
5.1
;5 r 0
ITlmej
L W
9:44
10:47
11:52
H W
5:51
7:11
' 8:24
"9:23
! ' Time
Ft.
V H W
. 0.5 5:11
o.* 6:16
• 0.4 - 7:15
¦¦.¦•-> L.W
I 5.0 12:52
: 5.1 1:48
¦5.2 2:37
5.3 3:29
«•;
4.1
4.4
Time > .
Ft.
L. XT
9:33 3.1
10:55 . 3,2
9:33
10:55
3.2
12.71 2.7
2.1
1.4
0.4
0.4
'0.5
0.7
H-W"-
8:02 4.S
8:45 5.0
9:25 6J
H W
8:02
8:45
9:25
ift-01
Steamer.
From.
Da».
Coos Bay Newport - Mar. 23
Point Arena.... Point Arena. Mar. 23
Waahtcnaw .... Tacoma Mar. 23
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 23
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Mar, 23
Hon&k'ng Mara China and Japan Mar. ZX
Samoa ~... Humboldt Mar. 23
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 23
Corona .'.. San Diego Mar. 24
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. I*
Czarina Pugret Sound Mar. 24
Empire Coos Bay Mar. II
Willamette Seattle Mar. 2i
Robt. Adamson N'analmo Mar. 2»
Arcata Coos Bay .'..... Mar. 23
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. 25
Crescent City... Crescent City Mar. 25
Bonita Newport Mar. 24
Ueo. W. Elder. Fortland Mar. 28
Australia ...... Honolulu Mar. 27
Curacao Mexico Mar. 27
Matteawan .... Tacoma Mar. IT
North Fork Humboldt Mar. !S
Pomona San Diego I Mar. M
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 29
State of Cal.... (Portland (Mar. 31
Steamer.
I Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Pomona San Dleico Mar. 22. 11 am Pier U
Walla "Wall Vie & Pftt Sd. Mar. 22. 10 am Pier 9
Gaelic Chfna&Japan Mar. 23. lpm PMS3
Nortr- Fork Humboldt Mar.23, 9am Pier S
Hathor .... Hamßursr Mar.23. 10am Pier T
Car'th'shlr Chlna*& Japan Mar. 23. 10 am Pier 17
State of Cal Portland Mar. 24, 10 am Pier 24
Cooa Bay... Newport ;. Mar. 24. 9am Pier 11
Pt Arena..iPolnt Arena.. Mar. 24, 2pm Pier 3
Ig "Marlscal Mexico '.... Mar. 24, 4pm Pier 13
Samoa ..... Humboldt Mar. 25. 10 am: Pier 13
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 25. 2pm Pier 9
Centennial . Kahului Mar.23. 12 m Pier 3
C Nelson.. Makawell Mar. 25. 12 m Pier 3
Corona San Diesro Mar. 26. 11 am Pier IX
Umatllla .. Vie & Prt Sd. Mar. 27. 10 am Pier 9
Bonita Newport Mar. 28. 9am Pier 11
Colon Panama Mar. 2S. 12 m PMSS
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 2S, 12 m Pier 13
Columbia .. Portland ...... Mar. 29. 10 am Pier H
O? Time
? H,W
I ... 1:26
> ... 1:20
t ¦'..: 4:31
IL. W
;':.. o:n
i ... 1:21
T... 2:IS
ifr:. ~3:ll
s\
s.z
5.1
;5 r 0
ITlmej
L W
9:44
10:47
11:52
H W
5:51
7:11
' 8:24
"9:23
! ' Time
Ft.
V H W
. 0.5 5:11
o.* 6:16
• 0.4 - 7:15
¦¦.¦•-> L.W
I 5.0 12:52
: 5.1 1:48
¦5.2 2:37
5.3 3:29
«•;
4.1
4.4
Time > .
Ft.
L. XT
9:33 3.1
10:55 . 3,2
9:33
10:55
3.2
12.71 2.7
2.1
1.4
0.4
0.4
'0.5
0.7
H-W"-
8:02 4.S
8:45 5.0
9:25 6J
H W
8:02
8:45
9:25
ift-01
Steamer.
From.
Da».
Coos Bay Newport - Mar. 23
Point Arena.... Point Arena. Mar. 23
Waahtcnaw .... Tacoma Mar. 23
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 23
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Mar, 23
Hon&k'ng Mara China and Japan Mar. ZX
Samoa ~... Humboldt Mar. 23
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 23
Corona .'.. San Diego Mar. 24
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. I*
Czarina Pugret Sound Mar. 24
Empire Coos Bay Mar. II
Willamette Seattle Mar. 2i
Robt. Adamson N'analmo Mar. 2»
Arcata Coos Bay .'..... Mar. 23
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. 25
Crescent City... Crescent City Mar. 25
Bonita Newport Mar. 24
Ueo. W. Elder. Fortland Mar. 28
Australia ...... Honolulu Mar. 27
Curacao Mexico Mar. 27
Matteawan .... Tacoma Mar. IT
North Fork Humboldt Mar. !S
Pomona San Diego I Mar. M
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 29
State of Cal.... (Portland (Mar. 31
Steamer.
I Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Pomona San Dleico Mar. 22. 11 am Pier U
Walla "Wall Vie & Pftt Sd. Mar. 22. 10 am Pier 9
Gaelic Chfna&Japan Mar. 23. lpm PMS3
Nortr- Fork Humboldt Mar.23, 9am Pier S
Hathor .... Hamßursr Mar.23. 10am Pier T
Car'th'shlr Chlna*& Japan Mar. 23. 10 am Pier 17
State of Cal Portland Mar. 24, 10 am Pier 24
Cooa Bay... Newport ;. Mar. 24. 9am Pier 11
Pt Arena..iPolnt Arena.. Mar. 24, 2pm Pier 3
Ig "Marlscal Mexico '.... Mar. 24, 4pm Pier 13
Samoa ..... Humboldt Mar. 25. 10 am: Pier 13
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 25. 2pm Pier 9
Centennial . Kahului Mar.23. 12 m Pier 3
C Nelson.. Makawell Mar. 25. 12 m Pier 3
Corona San Diesro Mar. 26. 11 am Pier IX
Umatllla .. Vie & Prt Sd. Mar. 27. 10 am Pier 9
Bonita Newport Mar. 28. 9am Pier 11
Colon Panama Mar. 2S. 12 m PMSS
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 2S, 12 m Pier 13
Columbia .. Portland ...... Mar. 29. 10 am Pier HMoney for the Schools.
* The members of the Board of , Educa
tion." Board of Public Works and Superin
tendent of Schools Webster met In confer
ence with the Auditor yesterday afternoon
to devise some: way <of setting aside a
sufficient sura 'of money to support the
public schools. ¦It was decided- to pay, the
salaries of Janitors and the expenditures
.for repairs out of the fund for the main
tenance of the schools. If the charter pro
vision setting aside $2S for i each pupil in
average dally attendance Ms found.to.be
inadequate, then the State law basing the
appropriation on that of last year will be
invoked in making up the estimate. >~yr~ ¦¦¦;
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS.
Miss Alice Hoffman and Miss Caro
Crockett Will Strive for the
Council's Cnp.
Th« semi-final ronnd of the second com
petition for the council's cup for women
took place yesterday on the links of the
Fan Francisco Golf Club. The four con
testants T-ere: Miss All«*e Colden Hoff
rnar Miss Maud Mullln*. Miss Caro
Crockett and Miss Ella Wilcox Morran.
Miss Alice Hoffman beat Miss Ella Wil
cox Morgan. 7 up 6 to play, and Mi?s Caro
Crwk^tt «iefeated Miss Maud Mullins. 4
up 3 to play. The final round between
MJas Alice: Hoffman and Miss Caro Crock
ett will be played to-morrow.
The foHowlni? eight ladies qualified to
play In the openinr round of the competi
tion, which took place on Monday: Miss
Alice Colden Hoffman. Mls« Mary Eeott.
Miss Maud O'Connor, Miss Caro Crockett.
Mrs. R- O- Brown. Miss Maud Mullins.
Miss Ella W. Morgan and Mins Edith
Chesebrouyh. Of these Hght Miss Edith
Ohesebroush and Mrs. R. Oilman Brown
were not present and forfeited their
matches. The opening round resulted as
follows : Miss Hoffman beat Miss Mary
S^ott: Miss Caro Crockett defeated Miss
Mand O'Connor: Mrs. R. G. Brown lost
H- default to Miss Maud Mullins, And
Mi«s Ella TT. Morran drew a bye.
Wilcox Pleads Not Guilty.
Special Dispatch t» Th« Calt
SANTA ROSA- March H.— Georse F.
Wilcox appeared In, the Superior ' Court
here this morning' to answer to the char?*
of murder. The motion made yesterday
by Attorney , Emmet Beawell that the In
formation be set aside upon the ground
of an error in the commitment, which had
been taken under advisement until this
morning, was overruled by Judsre Burnett
as soon as the court was called to order.
The defendant excepted and was granted
twenty "days to file a bill of exceptions,
and a< plea of not guilty beta; entered,
the date of the . trial was set for May S.
The indications are that the plea of In
sanity will be offered In extenuation of
the awful crime with • which Wilcox
stands charged.
Captain Olsen Missing.
Sjyclal DUpntch to The Call-
ASTORIA. Or.. March 21.— The friends
of Captain Olsen of the schooner Lila and
Mattie. which. was wrecked recently • at
Tlllamook Bay. are anxious about him.
for he has not been seen nor heard ?o t
since \a.s\. Saturday. At that time- -he
disappeared mysteriously. It was stated
later .that he went to San Francisco, ula
home. . but ¦he was : seen here after the
time he was said to have taken hl3 de
parture.- His friends fear foul Play. Tba
schooner la lyiag bottom up and will b* »
total lo— r . :-.',*" ..." ;
ENTRIESFOR
FIELD MEET
NEXT FRIDAY
» •
Two Academic Classes
" Against the Professional "
Colleges.
. BERKELEY. March 21.— There will be
an athletic carnival at the .University of
California next Friday " afternoon. That
day Is charter day, but as the Important
events will take place in the morning
the afternoon will be devoted to a Held
day between. the sophomore and freshman
classes and a team from the Affiliated
Colleges and a baseball game between the
Fireman's Fund and the varsity. The
field day will begin promptly and from
the list of entries ought to be very Inter
esting.
The entries up to date from the two
teams are as follows:
100-yard dash — Woolsey, Walsh. Dresser. Top
ham. A. C. ; Bishop '02. Townsends '03. Stan
ley '03.
220-yard dash— 'Woolsey. Walsh. A. C.: Cado
gan '03. Townsendg' '03, Baker "OS.
449-yard dash — Dresser. Walsh. Reere. A. C:
Cadocan. Scott '02. Powers "02- ¦
.Half mile— Cavanaugh, McCllsh. Ke«v«. A.
C: Clifford 'OS, Service '02, Robertson '03.
Mil* walk— Wllli. A. C: Carter *03. Elder '03.
Pratt '02.
Mile run— Cavanaush. Reeve. A. C. ; Kllng
•02. Clifford '03. Scott "02. Powell 'OX. ¦ ¦ ¦
120- yard hurdles— Bakewell. Geary, A. C:
Hamfin '02. Fowell '02. ' ¦;•
220-yard hurdles— Bakewell, Woolsey.- Gearr.
A. C. ; Hamlln 'C 2, Finn '03, Pow«H "03.
Pole vault— R. Woolsey, Topham, A. C;
Duden. Zederman. Hamlln JH.
High Jump — Woolsey, Foster. Topham. A. C :
Powell '02. Flnley '02, Clifford "OS. •
Broad Jump— C. Vi'oolsey. Topham. Dreiser.
A. C. : Service '02. Cartosran "03, Flnley "08.
Shot put— Woolsey. Brown. Topham, A. C:
Plaw '02; Clay '02, Bishop "09.
H»mmer-throw— Powers. Brown. A. C; Plaw
'02 Clay 'C 2. Albertson 'C 5. . '¦
W. S. Goodfellow s
Startling Charge
Met by a Perfect
Storm of United
Opposition.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March TL
THE charges of unprofessional
duet aad breach of confidential re
lations made by Attorney W. S.
- Goodfellow against Attorney Guy C.
Earl of the firm of Bishop & Wheeler
¦were met to-day In Judge Ogden's court
hy the full strength of the accused attor
ney's legal connections. Mr. Goodfellow
reiterated his belief that there had been
Ir.fonnation divulged by former Senator
Karl which led to the filing of the action
against the Varney estate trustees, while
The attorneys on the accused's side piled
In. evidence to show that Attorney Earl
had no knowledge that the litigation
would be brought untU after the com
r>!aint was filed by the Varney heirs
£ gainst the trustees.
Because of the eerions nature of the
charges aad the eminent position at the
tar of both sides, and at special request
cf counsel. Judge Opden had Judge Ells
worth to sit in hearing on the motion to
disqualify Bishop &. Wheeler from trying
the Varney contest.
The result of the day's work was to
rrfr.c out in full detail the history of the
vay the Varney estate litigation got into
The office of Bishop & Wheeler, according
in the statements of Ctoarles S. Wheeler,
the testimony of Attorneys Archie J.
Tr'at and Senator Earl. Mr. Wheeler,
a?f=iFted by Attorneys William Rlx. A. J.
Treat, Anderson and Ear?, made the fight
*!{rainst Attorneys Goodfellow and J.. H.
Ilnbeson.
Mr. Goortfrilow Tras examined at length
conr^rrAng the complaints in the present
tuit against the trustees, and he pointed
f>;it allegations which he said must have
b«^en made upon Information Senator Earl
had procured while attorney for the trus
tP<>s and imparted to Bishop &. Wheeler
•when he joined the firm.
"Do you rlaim to know this of your own
lcn'">tvle^jre?'' queried Mr. Wheeler.
"Of <*«urse. I have no positive knowlAdVe
rf what goes on in your ofSee," replied
trie witness*, "but from the data, I con
fend that Mr. Karl was familiar with the
farts of the Varney trust a long time be-
fore the complaint was filed and I infer
from examination of the complaints and
other circumstances that he must have
furnished the* Information."
"Then It is only an Inference upon
which your charges are based?" asked
Attorney Wheeler.
"Inferences which I believe the court
will take from hearing the testimony,"
was the reply.
"The documents," he continued, "which
were turned over by me to Hall and Earl
are now being used adversely to' the trus
tees. My theory is that it makes no dif
ference whether these be public records
or not, and I have authorities which so
state.
"I believe that the Information necessary
to bring this action could not be derived
from the transcript of notes taken before
Judpe Ellsworth which were gi\*en to
Judp* Hall in the Pitcher- Varney suit,
and by him turned over to Senator Earl
when the firm was dissolved.
"What I complain about is that the tes
timony given to them contained all of the
facts relating to the condition of the
trust."
Mr. Wheeler secured from Attorney
GoodfeUow the admission that there were
no antagonistic points between the pres
ent suit and Ihe former suit against Trus
tee Varney over the 123.000.
Mr. Goodfellow under cross-examination
of himself said:
"Concerning the inrjulry about my in
ferences as to the use of documents or
the confidential relations between John
Taylor and H. H. Pitcher I would say
that whenever a client employs an attor
ney and glv«s him documents, whether
public records or not. he calls attention
to the particular facts therein contained.
An attorney who gets information that
way must hold it as the confidential se
cret of hi* client in the meaning of the
Code of Civil Procedure."
"I am not disputing that. I hope," said
Attorney Wheeler. " I will not let that
nas« for a moment. We do not stand
here on any technical ground of defense.
If your Honor find anything that Is not
nice professionally, we will Ftep out, but
the question of- whether this be nice or
not depend? upon our examination here."
Attorney Treat testified that he had
never heard of the Varney estate until
it was brought to his attention by Har
ry Varney, son of John W. Varney, a
beneficiary under Thomas Varney's will.
Some time In 1535 he had commenced work
on the case and had labored on collection
of facts for several years. He had made
copies of many papers on record, and had
done a large part of his work before go-
Ing Into the firm of Bishop & Wheeler.
He had derived much of his Information
about the funds of the Varney estate
from Stephen G. Nye, an attorney for one I
of the heirs-at-law.
Treat said that he had never examined
anj»papers which related to the Pitcher-
Varney litigation, had never secured a
particle of Information from Senator Earl,
and that the complaint had been prepared
by Mr. Wheeler and himself.
Pressed upon cross-examination by Mr.
Goodfellow, Attorney Treat said: "I have
no doubt that at some time or another I
spoke to Senator Earl about the case, and
perhaps told him the facts and my theory
of the matter. I had gone to Mr. Wheeler
with the case because of the abstruse law
points involved."
Senator Earl declared on the ' witness
stand that the Pitcher- Varney suit came
to his former law office while he was at
Sacramento. He had nothing personally
to do with the case before the dissolution
of the firm of Hall & Earl. "The firm of
Bishop & Wheeler never had any interest
In that case." said Earl. "I never-dis
cussed- it with Mr. Wheeler, and never
showed him any of the papers which I
kept In my private desk. The transcript
of testimony referred to here was gtven
to Attorney Garret McEnerney in 18SS, and
I saw nothing of it again until in court
to-day. The documents I received from
Judpe Hall were simply court records, but
whether they were or not. I conveyed no
Information to Mr. Treat or to any mem
ber of the firm of Bishop & Wheeler about
the case. The complaint -drafted
without my knowledge. The Varney trust
suit was In the office before I knew any
thing about it." : ••••
"Did you tell Mr. Wheeler you were
disqualified from taking part In this
case?" queried Mr. Goodfellow. .
"No, sir/
"Do you claim you are entitled to take
part in the trial of this case?"
"I do."
"Do you rnslst on the right to take part
in this trial?"
"In my judgment aa an. attorney I see
no reason not to go into a case which con
tains no antagonistic position to that In
the cause of action in which -I represented
the two trustees. The action here em
braces the accounting demanded from T.
H. B. Varney Jr. for $23,000.
"I am not trying this case and do not
intend to try it. I should- not be In court
now but for the scandalous declarations
made here yesterday by Mr. GoodfeUow."
"Do you Insist," interrupted Mr. Good
fellow, "that you have a right to take
part In the trial of this case on the part
of the plaintiffs?"
"Yes, sir, that Is my Judgment."
"The information I had regarding the
suit of Trustees Pitcher and Taylor, ex
plained Mr. Karl, "was in no way used
to foster or to institute the present liti
gation. The documents which Mr. Good
fellow obtained in open court a3 attor
ney for the three trustees were not priv
ileged or confidential matters. If Mr.
Goodfellow as attorney for the three trus
tees had the right to hand over the testi
mony for use In a trial against one 1 of
those trustees without that one's consent
I cannot conceive how these papers could
be held as confidential." <¦
"I should say I would have a right to
examine both Trustees Taylor and Pitch
er in this case or to • use the transcript
of testimony over which this controversy
Is made. It Is a copy of the stenogra
pher's notes which have been filed as a
record of court and' as such are a public
record."
The hearing will be concluded to-mor
row morning. A decision Is expected by
the attorneys during the day.
Students Who Will Take-Part in the Ce!ebratfon.
Mrs.- Smith his • parents at Pacific Grove
cared' for her and are doing so now,- which
does not reflect much credit on the minis
ter. Of course all these "little 'incidents
are recalled since Brother Smith has been
openly charged with wrongdoing and
serve as links to a chain of unfortunate
circumstances, which must result In the
First Church looking around for a new
pastor." .. . , „*; :"-*':.'.*•
Smith Is Agitated.
Rev. Mr. Smith was seen by a Call rep
resentative at the home of Craigie Sharp,
one of - the trustees of; the Christian
Church. 718 - Sycamore street. Oakland.
He was very much agitated at the dis
closures concerning him and was at first
vehement in his denunciation of those
who he claimed had been inf>f rumental
in exposing him; With the same old
whine with which he sought to delude the
public when he attacked the good name
of his wife, he asserted that he had con
tinually been the object of persecution,
attack and misrepresentation. In a gen
eral way he Insisted that he Is still the
holiest of the holy and the purest of the
pure, but when pinned down to a definite
statement concerning his antics at Prince
ton, Colusa County, -he slid. from- under
with the assertion that he would neither
deny nor affirm the charges until he goes
before his congregation in his own de
fense.
He feigns to believe that the young
woman in the case did not make the con
fession accredited - her, basing* that belief
upon the assertion that "she is too sensi
ble a girl to confess anything." ¦
Threats Against the Wife.
Without a blush Smith claims that he
has endeavored to shield his wife through
all the sensational developments of his
domestic difficulties. - but forgetting his
masquerade and allowing the real Smith
to assert himself, he declares that since
the name of his new lady *¦ love has been
attacked it may become necessary for
him to make a full statement of Mrs.
Smith's actions. His wife Is not to be
spared now that she becomes a factor
liable to interfere in ¦ his latest love
affair.
The courts of Alameda County will not
grant Rev. Mr. Smith's prayer for a dl«
vorce as the case now stands. Yesterday
Judge Ogden referred the matter back to
Court Commissioner Babcock. His de
cision is that he will not issue a "decree
on Smith's unsupported statement that
his wife had confessed that she had been
untrue to him."
Earmarks of Conspiracy.
This action following so closely upon
the publication of the Princeton con
fession creates the Impression that the
courts do not take a great deal of stock
In Smith and see In his divorce litigation
the earmarks of a conspiracy. The only
testimony before the court Is Smith's
statement that his wife had made a con
fession to him. He gave the details of the
alleged confession, branding Mrs. Smith
as a social outcast at the very time when
she -was a guest ' at the- home, of his
parents, who are still giving her the
shelter and protection which he denies
her.-
Those "fetters" which so annoyed the
Rev. Mr. Smith are being drawn tighter
and in his desperate straits he Is deluding
himself, but not the public, with the be
lief that some one is jealous of him and
therefore "talking him to death." This
Is what he says on the subject:
"As we all know, there are people in
every section who are willing to talk one
to death, and owing to the Jealous nature
of some in Woodland Rev. Mr. Reagor
has been able to arouse considerable feel
ing against nw and I am satisfied that
he is responsible for the publication of
that article in The Ca11.".. --. ?. .. -
Loving not wisely but too many is what
has happened to Smith.
GUY EARL DENIES THAT
HE BETRAYED A CLIENT
Debauge on Trial.
Paul Debauge, who stabbed Delia Tra
eey to death In a room. at 14 Turk street
on November 17 of last year, , was placed
on trial before Judge Dunne yesterday
on a charge of murder. Debauge claims
he was assaulted by the woman and
stabbed her In self-deftnse.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, March 21.— Colonel Joseph
F. Evans of San Francisco, formerly Col
lector of. Custom* at Manila under Gen
eral Otis and recently appointed special
treasury agent for service - in Alaska,, is
at the Imperial Hotel. George 11. Lent
of Ban Francisco is at the Buckingham
Hotel; Thomas Dewees of Oakland is at
the Manhattan.
Indorsed Telephone Ordinance.
The r Western Addition ' Improvement
.Club at its meeting last night Indorsed
the amendment -to the charter I proposed
by Supervisor McCarthy, which has for
its object the regulating of telephone
rates in the same manner that gas and
water rates are fixed each year. --The club
also voted to request the Board of Public
Works to remove coal stoves from school
houses, as their- presence endangered the
lives «f the pupil?. The ordinance , pro
viding for the issuing of free licenses was
approved, and' the recommendation was
made that the provisions include the vete
rans of the Spanish-American war. *
CHINESE MURDERERS
ARE IDENTIFIED
Three Booked at the City Prison for
Killing Wong Oven and
Wong Yuen.
Three of the highbinders arrested Tues
day by Sergeant Mahoney and his squad
end Detective Kd Gibson were booked at
thw City Prison yesterdayion charges of
murder. Huey Mon and Sue Ho Mon are
rharffprf with the murder of Wong Guen
et 1C27 Pacific street last Saturday night,
vith a hatchet. The two men. along with
Fix other Chin***-, were ranged in a row
In the prißon «nd they were positively
Identified by Yet Gum. the landlady of
the house, and Wong Si Him, her friend.
Latfr on Lue Fook and Sue Ho Mon
v-«t« identified as the two mea who mur
dered Wong Yuen, a carpenfr. on Wav
#>r!ey place U*t January, and they were
l«ooked on the charge. Gon Sam and
rhunjr Sing, two other highbinders, were
booked on a charge of vagrancy. They
-r.re aTI bad men and belong to the Suey
6ingr Tocg.- t .--.^ ;-° ;: "'--
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Joseph G. Enright of San Jose is at the
Lick. ,_-V, _- V- i
T. R. Hof-'r. an insurance man of Car
scn. Nev., If ct the Grand.
Dr. D. Smith, a well-known physician
of Napa, Is at the California.
Etate Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of San
Jiian Is registered at the Palace. '. ¦*;:;¦
C. G. Lamberson. a well known attorney
\f Visalla. is registered at the Lick.
Dr. D. P. Pease, a prominent physician
of New York, is a guest at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Morgan, society peo
ple of Buffalo. N. V.. are at the Palace.
James McCudden. a contractor of Val
lejo, and Miss McCudden are at the
Grand.
Bradley V. Sargent, a prominent lawyer
of Salinas, is registered at the Occidental,
accompanied by his wife.
Robert McCurdy, a prominent Insurance
man of New York, is at the Palace, ac
companied by his family.
G. W. Lamb*rtpon, Attorney General of
Nebraska and a leading Republican poli
tician of that State, is at the Palace. '
J. W. Gates, a millionaire manufacturer
of Chicago, Is at the Palace, accompanied
by his family on a pleasure _trlp to the
coast.
FELL FROM A HIGH
STAGING TO HIS DEATH
John W. Lynch, an Aged Men, Is
Fatally Injured While Paint
ing a Light Well.
While working on a swinging ladder
painting a skylight In the rear of a build
ing being constructed at 36^4 Geary street,
John W. Lynch, an old man in the em
ploy of C. A. Cinq MarS, fell from the
staging to the floor below and received
injuries which terminated fatally a few
moments later. , ¦ " •
Lynch had hung his ladder to the
painters' falls and hoisted it to the top
of the building, from where he painted,
one side of the light well and, was making
preparations to move to the other side.
Hp called to Cinq Mars. to help him
move the falls and siood up on the. ladder
while the shift was being made. - Suddenly
the staging turned and Lynch, losing his
balance, was precipitated to the floor be
low, a distance of about thirty feet.
Deceased was a native of Ireland, about
70 years of age and resided at 1833 Hyde
street. He was a member of the Veteran
Fireman's Association. .
SARATOGA'S BLOSSOM
FETE A GREAT SUCCESS
Hundreds of Guests Enjoy the Occa
sion and Visit Famous Orchards
of the State.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 21.— The Blossom fete
at Saratoga' Tuesday was a grand success,
and the hundreds of visitors who flocked
to the little foothill town were amply re
paid by the beauteous sights of nature be
held.' Orchards are In full blossom, aud
as far as the eye could see Santa Clara
Valley was one sea of white bloom, redo
lent with the scent of prunes, peaches,
] almonds, cherries and apricots.
The citizens of Saratoga had made crerv
: preparation to welcome the visitors, and
their hospitality was * unbounded. Homes
and- business houses were E handsomely
decorated. 'About 2000 people visited Sara
toga, and of this number six carloads
were from San Francisco and Oakland.
The guests were taken from Los Gatos
in carriages, and later for drives through
the orchards, the celebrated Hume or
chard. Sorosls packing-house and Con
fress Springs being visited. The people of
aratoga spread an elaborate lunch at
noon. Luncheon was followed by merry
making, in which the school children and
people generally joined. Speeches ,w«;r«
•also made. The. committee of arrange
ments .was composed of the following Sar
atoga citizens:- F. S. Lowell E. S. Wil
liams, E. J. Lawrence and John McElroy.
ESCAPED FROM JAIL.
Sausalito Prisoner Cuts a Hole in the
Hoof and Swims Ashore. '
Special Dispatch to The Call. J ..
* SAUSALITO, : March ; 21.— The "hobo's
aquarium." the title the jail here by its
unpleasant habit of admitting the sad sea
'waves and. half drowning. its Inmates has
earned, gave a i fresh proof of its inade
quacy for the retention of criminals last
night, when A.' F. Franklin, a well known
crook, cuf his. way out of It and made
good his escape. .
Last night Constable Garrity. acting on
complaints made to him by, several promi
nent-townsmen.-succeeded In apprehend
ing Franklin, whom he caught red-handed
entering a house on the hill. The jail re
ceived ~ Garrity's prize. ;'. According •; to
schedule, at about ' midnight' -the" briny
breakers broke in large, "liquid ¦ chunks
against the jail door and slipped -socUbly
between the threshold and the lower pan
els Into the aquarium.". .- ' : • ,- -
ALL WILL STRIVE
TO AID THE MUSEUM
Coast Representatives at Washington
Working to Secure Monetary
Help From Congress."
The finance committee of the Pacific
Commercial Museum will meet at 3
o'clock to-day at 202 Market street to dis
cuss ways and means of raising the fund-*
necessary to- establish the project upon a
firm footing. In the light of recent devel
opments it is almost certain that the
movement will carry, for there Is every
prospect that if will have the support of
the Federal Government. It will be re
membered thit nearly an of the local
commercial and Industrial bodies sent rep
resentatives to the meeting at which the
movement, for the establishment of a Pa
cific Commercial Museum was starts.
As soon as these organizations heard that
a bill had been introduced into Consrress,
appropriating $200,000 for the further sup
port of the Philadelphia Museum, th^ Pa
cific Coast representatives at Washing
ton, were surged to support the measure,
provided an amendment was made to It.
appropriating $50,000 for the Pacific Com
mercial Museum.
The request, emanating as It did from
such influential bodies, received the
earliest attention of the representatives
at Washington and answers have been
received from Senators George C- Perkins
and Thomas H. Bard and Congressmen
Julius' Kahn, E. F. Loud. Marlon de
Vries. "W. R. Waters. V. H. Metcalf. M.
A. Moody. -F.-W. Cushman. W. J. Jones
and Francis. G. Newlands. Senator Per
kins promises to present -the subject to
the Senate and ail assure their = Western
friends that the undertaking will receive
their hearty support.
SAVANNAH'S WELCOME
TO ADMIRAL DEWEY
Fifty Thousand Persons Cheer Him
as He; ls. Escorted Through
the Streets.
SAVANNAH, Ga., March 21.-Flfty
thousand persons on the street here this
afternoon gave' Admiral Dewey an en
thusiastic welcome to Savannah. The
admiral, had recovered from' his indis
position of yesterday sufficiently to take
part -In -the -military parade, and,' as he
rode through the streets, with Mrs.
Dewey at his side, ringing cheers rent
the air. Military companies were present
from many Southern cities, and nearly
4000 men were in line.
The climax of the occasion occurred at
the banquet at the De Soto Hotel to
nigrht. where the admiral was presented
a beautiful vase on behalf of the city
of Savannah. At the' banquet table Gen
eral Nelson A. Miles sat at the admiral's
right. While the main function was in
progress, a committee of fifty ladies en
tertained Mrs. Dewey at a banquet In an
annex adjoining the banquet hall.
GOLDEN IMAGE OF
"THE AMERICAN GIRL"
NEW TORK, March 21.— Thegold statue
of "The American Girl," which is to be
exhibited at the Paris Exposition,, was
successfully, cast to-day. Miss Maud
Adams, the actress, was the model, and
Mrs. Bessie Potter Vonnah was the sculp
tor. • -. . '. '
The statue, mounted on Its base, will be
six feet In height, the figure being of Miss
Adams' own height. It weighs 712 pounds
and the bullion used Is valued at 1187,000.
Miss Adams' gown is of the simplest sort.
It is a summer dress of chiffon. ¦ -.- Lace
ruffles extend its length, and, gathered'at
the waist, they give a kind or blouse ef
fect at the bosom. The sleeves are tight
from shoulder to wrist. . The arms drop to
full length on both sides. The hair waves
back from the forehead and is parted
slightly to theleft/ The pose is that of
taking a step • forward, denoting
"progress."" ";'; ."".._*• '.'-.- :';:'¦]?':¦¦¦
SAYS SHARKEY IS BLUFFING.
Jeffries Does Not Think Hb Wants
to Meet Fitzsimmons.
Special Dispatch "-to Call.*' .
LOS ANGELES, March 21.— Jim Jeffries,
•Tommy Ryan, Luke Kelly and Jack Jef
fries have returned from Catallna, where
they have been hunting wild goats. Jef
fries leaves for San Francisco to-morrow.
He will start for Chicago early next week,
thence to his training quarters in Asbury
Park.- - "_ : ..'—-., : -- . ¦ ; " ¦•" -¦ : -¦ '•
i Jeffries looks the picture of health and
condition. 1 - When asked what he" thought
of the failure of the Fttzslmmons-Sharkey
fight, he said: \ = ' • .¦-- '
"Sharkey does not want to fight Fltz
simmons. I gave him the licking of .his
life. He is not the man he was. ,. He will
fight shy of heavy matches for some time
to come. I was never in- better trim and
need but little training for the coming
match with- Corbett." -
¦--¦ Ryan and ¦¦ Kelly ,go . north to-night on
the Owl, to be present at the Nelll-Mc-
Conn*ll fight to-morrow night. The party
is delighted ' with .the pport they had at
Catallna and feel that the work done will
show when Ryan and Jeffries meet their
men In May.- ¦'. -.:-. -,":.." ¦ -. " : --, "-" -¦ .
Died in His Camp.
WATSONV ILLE, ; •>: March ;¦/ 21.— Robert
Williamson,' a ," prominent farmer and < one
of the : oldest residents of Pajaro -Valley,"
died suddenly, while 'on 'a camping trip in
the ; southern part of - Monterey . County.
James Trickel, an old friend and- employe,
accompanied ' him- on 'the •; trip. a. Their
camp was"- In "a j very ; lonely ¦ and rugged
part of the mountains and when .William
son died Trickel was forced Co wrap the!
body in a; blanket and give it < temporary
burial to save It from -coyotes^ while he
went twenty-flve miles Ito send ( the news
of -Williamson's ! death : to I the | latter' s re
latives, v He. leaves . a : widow and several
¦children. • . -. / <.:,-:•
. **/ •¦- ... '¦¦,
SCHROEDER TO GOVERN
THE ISLAND OF GUAM
Lieutenant Commander of the Navy
Selected as the Successor of
Captain Leary.
WASHINGTON. March 2L-Lieutenant
Commander Seaton" Schroeder, at present
secretary of the Naval Inspection Board,
has been selected to . succeed Captain
Leary as Naval Governor of the island
of Guam. Commander Schroeder had ap
plied for and been promised the Gover
norship of the island of Tutulla. but the
administration of the affairs of Guam Is
believed ' to be more desirable, arid many
of the difficulties in the establishment of
government have already been " removed
through the energy of Captain Leary.
Commander Schroeder expects to sail
on the : Solace from San Francisco for
Guam about the middle of May, and he
will relieve Captain ~ Leary before- July
next. It is stated at the Navy Depart
ment that Captain Leary Is coming home
at hfs own request, and his action is also
in conformity with the policy the depart
ment has laid down to -make frequent
changes in the command of these naval
stations in the interest of the health an I
spirit of the officers.
YOUNG COLORED MAN
SAVES SIX LIVES
Brave Rescue of Children From a
Burning Building In New
• • ' York. ~.V.V
NEW TORK, March 21.— Six lives were
saved by the. gallant work of M. S. An
derson, a young , colored man, during a
fire at a fiathouse in West One Hundred
and Thirty-fourth street to-day. He de
tected the fire while on his way to work.
The flames had gained considerable head
way and in a window on the second floor
stood a • man named Nelson with his six
little children hovering, about him. -their
escape having been cut off by the, flames.
With two. passers-by Anderson ran into
the- budding next door and up to the third
floor. With his two companions holding
bis legs Anderson swung head downward
and/ swaying his body backward and for
ward, managed* to reach the children as
they wera -held up to him by the father.
All were taken out safely In this manner.
The- firemen brought the other occupants
of the building down the ladder. > .
¦:. - ¦ » ¦ ¦ ¦ -
MANSFIELD TRIAL BEGINS.
Jury -Secured and Attorney Hudner
Makes His Opening Statement.
Special \ Dispatch to The Call." • . ; •_ ;
HOLL.ISTER. March 21.— District At
torney Hudner : made . the opening state
ment in- the Mansfield .case. <;He said in
brief- that while considerable time would
be consumed -in : the presentation of the
case " the ' ultimate facts' - will ", be . simple.
That ¦- the defendant ..wrote the scurrilous
letter and more of • similar import- would
be proven by experts skilled in. the art of
discovering * the » authors ;of anonymous
letters. That about four years ago Mrs.
Mansfield wrote a letter to a man already
inflamed with passion against the Conrad
family designed to make him believe they
were the authors thereof and that he then
and there attempted ¦ violence upon the
Conrads. - That malice unaccountable ex
isted against Mrs. Conrad in the intense
est. degree;.; that the ;> hatred knew: no
bounds;, that -the defendant wrpte in two
hands, natural and cramped and angular;
that *• she commenced ¦ this latter I method
after suspicion had been. directed against
her.- •An exceptionally - Intelligent jury
has been secured. ... ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦'-},:.
Death of a Pioneer.
FRESNO, March 21.— John W. Hum
phrey ¦ died ; yesterday :• at his ¦ ranch, near
Tollhouse, -aged "7o years.-. He .was a pio
neer and built the first sawmill on Pine
Ridge, in. the Sierras, with Peter Donahoe:
He first*/: settled iin . Mariposa County,
where he mined, removing to Fresno after
the : mining ; boom declined. 1 ' A .widow • and
six "children" survive: him,", one' daughter
being the wife of 'H/ Maxwell, a former
journalist of Fresno, now .or. Morgan
town, w. .va. ;* •;. ';.v;Y-:..-- .. ..... :
FOUGHT WITH AN
ANGRY PIG, FELL
AND WAS KILLED
John Diaz's Fatal Struggle
With a Fat Porker in
a Small Cart.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. March ZL
John Diaz, a chicken rancher, died to
day of a fractured skull, sustained last *
evening at Elmharst while he was trying
to subdue an obstreperous and vtdooa
Pig.
Diaz had purchased the pig at a neigh- .
bor's farm, loaded the' porker Into his
cart and was driving home, when the an- -
lmal attempted to leap out. Handing the
reins to his wife Diaz grasped the pig
by the hind legs, but the porker became
savage and In the struggle man and ani
mal fell over the dashboard. Diaz
falling beneath his horse's hoofs. The '
horse-- became unmanageable, trarnpie-1
upon and kicked Diaz, fracturing hi.* °
skull and badly mutilating his face. : .
This morning Diaz breathed his last at :
the residence of Dr. W. F. Lynch, where
he had been removed for treatment. Aa .
Inquest will be held. *
Deceased was middle-aged and leaves a
widow and three children.
ERKELET, March 21.— Arrange-
Ijssssmenta have, nearly -been perfected
JL^'for the charter day exercises next
.Friday at the University of Cali
fornia. - The- birthday of the college will
be" celebrated most ¦ elaborately. There
will be no overcrowding as in former
years, as the new gymnasium, which Is
nearing completion, will be utilized to
accommodate the crowd that is expected
at the morning exercises. The cadet non
commissioned officers will act as ushers.
At 10:30 o'clock President Wheeler will
Introduce the Hon. Whltelaw Reid, who
will deliver the address of the day, tak
ing for his subject "The National Prob
lems." Mre. Benjamin Ide Wheeler will
entertain the Regents and their wives at
luncheon. _. .
In th» afternoon a meeting of the alum
ni, called by Dr. Wheeler, will be held to
discuss ways and means for the greater
university.
In the evening at the Mar* Hopkins In
stitute of Art in San Francisco a reception
will bo tendered President and Mrs.
Wheeler by the alumnL At Hearst Hall
Sardou's comedy, • "Madamolselle d« la
Selgllere; or.. The Old France and the
New," will be presented by a student cast.
The play has been translated from the
French by Professor L. Dv Pont Syle and
S. A. Chambers. The cast will be as rot
lows: " ;
Le Marqulß d» la Selsrllsre. * representative
of th« ancient regime M. K. Schwartz
Helene. his daughter ...Mis* J. M. Davis
La Baronoe ds - Vanbert. hi* friend and
ally "J- :...Mlm I* E. Motler
Raoul. Baron de Vaubert. en*a*ed to Hel
ens ..„ J. W. S. Butler
Bernard Statnply. captain of Hassan, a ion - j
of the Eraptre J. B. Southsr!
Destourn*lles. a lawyer E. B. Harris
Jasmin, valet to Le Marquis .I*. L. Green*
Scene-^The Chateau <J» la Seltllcre, in Pol- '
too. Time— l3l7. :.~-£--\
The play will be repeated Saturday
night.
IN ; unmasking the Rev. • Guy Smith,
pastor of the First Christian Church
of Oakland, and exposing him" in all
the nakedness of his Iniquity and du
plicity, The, Call' has seriously ham
pered the plans of this gay wolf in the
gar* of the sheep.
His Oakland congregation will take im-"
mediate action in the matter and speedy
steps will be taken to rid itself of "his
leadership. Judge Ogden, before whom
his , divorce suit has been pending, has
taken cognizance of the charges made
against the minister and yesterday re
fused to grant him a decree on his unsup
ported statement of his wife's infldellty-
Rev. Mr. Smith himself, like the guilty
driven to a corner, takes refuge behind
the statement that advantage has been
taken of some unfortunate circumstances
to blast his future. He charges Rev. Mr.
Reagor of . Colusa and ' Mr. Browning of
Woodland with being responsible for the
stories about him, claiming they were in
spired by Jealousy.
- Ignored His Father's Warning. \
The parents of the man, as evidence of
disapproval of his treatment of his wife,
are caring for the woman in their home
at Pacific Grove. It is also stated by. a
member of the Oakland church that Rev.
Mr. Smith's father remonstrated with
him for hl3 conduct toward women of
his congregation long before he relin
quished charge of the Woodland parish.
A most decided sensation resulted from
the* exclusive publication in yesterday's
Call of the gay minister's "doings." Oak
land was' shocked at the revelations.
Members of the First Christian Church
were aghast when Rev. Guy Smith was
presented, to them as heis with his mask
of piety and purity pulled aside. There
was a hasty consultation between the,
trustees and the elders and the conclu
sion was reached without delay that dras
tic measures should be taken or the
church would crumble under, the weight
of scandal which its pastor has nut upon
it. Smith will be given a chance to ex
plain his actions to his congregation, but
it is a foregone conclusion that he must
relinquish his pastorate* or the -First.
Christian Church will fall.
Church Will Investigate.
W. T. Gibbs. president of the official
board of the church, said:
"I have always been very careful not to
do any man an injustice, but if the stories
concerning our pastor are true it calls for
a most thorough Investigation. --. .<
"I have written several letters to-day to
parties up the country for information on
which to base a reason for Investigation.
If Mr. Smith has been guilty of the scan
dalous conduct I read about his duty is
readily seen, and if proved he will cer
tainly be requested to tender his resigna
tion/ '..- ' -
The women of the congregation are par
ticularly outspoken In their denunciation
of Smith and demand that he must go.
Must Pay the Penalty.
Mrs. W. T. Glbbs, wife of the senior
elder of the institution, said: '
"Brother Smith will have to go. Ha has
committed a grievous error, to say the
leaEt, and ho must pay the penalty. -While
the story published in The Call was a
great shock to us and deeply regretted hy
every member of the church, we can but
be thankful that the whole affair has been
exposed before it developed into a greater
scandal. , - •• •
"The treatment Brother Smith accorded
his wife was open to much censure and
a great deal of . comment. His father. I
am told, scolded him for his conduct, es
pecially when his actions at Woodland
were creating gossip.. When hecastoff
READY TO CELEBRATE
UNIVERSITY BIRTH DAY
SMITH'S TROUBLES
ARE MULTIPLING
Exposure. Defeats His Plan to
Cast Off His Old Love and ;
Take On the New.
¦ ' — — • • - • ¦ • ¦
Courts Refuse Him a Divorce and His Church
Totters Under Weight of Scandal in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THTJRSDAY, MARCH 22, 1900.
9
Attorney Goodfellow Questions EarlFIRST-CLASS " woman « cook wishes : place •in
- private or boarding • house. , ; Room • 12. .. Mont-
YOUNG I tailor on i custom I coats ; I must be I first
class. .i -'411% Kearny, St., -top floor: : 1 :.
WANTED— Position as city age nt or collector;
I well acquainted in city; very good references.
Address box 30S8. Call office. ¦'¦:;,-'-'¦¦¦'¦¦¦¦ .
RESPECTABLE, reliable young lady wishes
position as housekeeper: . kind ¦ to chllilren.
; Address b0x . 3126, ; Call offlce.* . • . .-
K.tABE planoe: tew scale: new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
FINE assortment of old and new violins In all
sizes Just received from Eu " ) f P'J T JS < i* mtF
selected by experts for tbe MAUVAI3 MTJ-
SIC CO.. 7O Market st- ,
THE Packard pianos are not cheap pianos, but /.
they are first-class in tone and unequaled la
finish: you buy theai for a T V}°" "me on^ at
introductory prices at MALVAIS . 7«9 Mar-
ket st. .
A HIGH-GRADE upright piano, standard
make used a few months, will be sold cheap
for cash " can and make offer. Room 10. 809
Market st. » -•
A FEW pianos will be sold for storage at auc-
tion prices: dirt cheap for cash. WILSON' 9
Storage 1710 Market »t. - ¦ ¦
FIVE concert organ or harmonium In pert eel
order." 1259 Mlsalon st,
A BARGAIN— Stelnway, $125; store open Sat.
- evening. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis st.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. SPEN-
CER WAREROOM3. ISIS Market st.
DON'T buy; reni a^new^plano. $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. £60 Hayea st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent fo»
' Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davla pianos.
B £ R S A J£r. GoOd . "Pright: cheap. SCHMITzi
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank. ,
S \7tFt I t I ™ vio " ns . others, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 8 Latham place.
°^Fi^ P « ST and **•* to ' America Week.)
WANTED at 22. Second St.— A, boy to learn the
• HOUSES TO LET. •
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for clr-
. cular.' G. H.'UMB3EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A HOUSE on Market st., 64 rooms, through to
Turk • st. : sunny side; • brick - building: • elec-
tric' and gas light; everything new; Market-
: st. front suitable for offices; back to Turk st.
¦ for furnished rooms; entrances on Market and
- Turk : sts. : ' also ¦ fire escapes on Market and
Turk sts.; the safest and most -convenient
house In town: 1130 and 1132 Market st.,.ad-
" speck aTeo 11 * 11 * store - Apply to A - M -
A PLEASANT sunny house. « rooms and bath:
large basement and laundry; stable, carriage
house and garden. ":-830. Shotweil st.. nr. 23d.
S V.£, N t? 10 - room ; house; . large garden. "stable.
2432 Howard St., through to Capp; rent $30.
BROADWAY. 1908— 6 rooms, bath laundry; fine
marine view; - rent . HO." -¦ -.- --"*.. >¦..¦»••
NEAT girl for housework and plain cooking
sleep home ; ¦; $10. ' ¦ 1512 Broadway. ¦ . •
AN experienced: apprentice, on. custom : pants,
927 Market st.V;room 411.; v' : "- ' : '"-¦':
CHEAPEST, and best In America— The Weekly
- Call. 16 pages, ; sent to . any address ,In the
' United ¦ States, postpaid, far $1 per year. •¦
12 ROOMS -. furnished for housekeeping; an
rented: no agents. 951 Mission, near Sixth/
GREAT sacrifice— Lodging house 16 rooms; low
rent; $175. 619^4 Mission st.v No agents.
A' NICELY . furnished « sunny corner .flat of 30
. rooms for sale cheap. .- Box : 3098, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants situation with
; family going to the country for three or four
months; best references; please call-after. 6
Sunday. 1581 Fifteenth St., near , Mission. .
REFINED lady, desires position as housekeep-
er or companion to lady; a good home more
essential than wages ;¦ references given. Box
4492. Call office. . V •
WANTED— Situation .by, reliable : Protestant
woman In American family; good cook; will-
ing and obliging; city references. " Call or ad-
dress Cook, 1225 Minna st. T-- j ¦-', ?- ..','¦
MIDDLE-AGED woman," experienced,' reliable
cook,'- active! and Btrong,;' Bpeaking. German
only, wishes position as cook lln good board-
ing-house in country. 5C7 Eighth St., Oakland.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation 'as work-
Ing housekeeper; city or country* best of ref-
GIRL. 16 years old, willing . to ¦ work,'- 1 - wishes
pood home with. nice family. Apply 131 Lar-
.kln Bt. • -..':,: " .. -" .!;*•:;>; ? * --.¦ , . .
$700 — SELECT rooming-house: 9 rooms; perma-
* nent roomers; new. and clean. 437 Golden
: Gate aye. .. ¦'
M. MacLEOD'S specialty is buying, selling and
exchanging lodging-houses; If you have such
business It will pay you to call at 1706 Market,
near Tenth. With G. W. H. -PATTERSON.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous«
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE 3.
2«. 28 and 30 O-Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
ali other musical instruments cf all grade*
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to pleas* and satisfy th«
GOOD German cook wishes situation In ; pri-
vate family as cook or housework; references.
1 74S Howard st. . . . . •
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; good fitter:
• sews COc a day; less by the week. M. C, box
YOUNG lady desires office work of any kind;
best of references. -Address 1924 Myrtle St.,
Oakland. ' .
SPECIAL BARGAINS ¦ :
19 rooms; cheap rent;:only '. : $530
- 21 rooms; Mission St.; reduced , t0. ....'....- 800
33 rooms; fine paying house; see it 1250
40 rooms; sunny corner; a bargain... 850
60 rooms; corner: must sell 2000
R. H. WINSTON & C 0... 1026 Market St.
AMERICAN - woman wishes position; house
cleaning, washing and Ironing; $1 a day and
WANTED— Farmer and wife for fruit and poul-
try ranch, $45; farmer and wife, $40; farmers
for orchard work, $1 day; 8 milkers, $25 and
$30; choreboy for private place, $12; laborers
for toll road, $1 day and' board, and. others.
J. Fl.F 1 . CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Experienced well ¦ borer, $5 and
board; steam feed sawyer, $4 day; edger man,
$2 75 day; planer man; 3 boat builders, $3 50
day- boat painter; 2 shirt lroners, $10 week
-*;and board: blacksmith helpers. $1 50 day and
$10 to $15 week: harness maker; miner. $2 50
' day; carman for mine, $2 day:- furnace i man
for mine. $2 50 day. J. F." CROSETT •& CO.,
628 Sacrameto st. . , < ¦ .. %
WANTED— IO laborers for logging road ; 20
•woodsmen. $26 and board: 15 woodchoppers,
80c, $1, $150 and $175 cord;. 10 tlemakers, 10c
' and ¦ 12c; 5 shingle bolt makers. $1 50 - cord;
barkers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
AN unequaled record— Our bustness is larger
than ever: our prices the lowest: our terms
reasonable; our guarantee absolute: high-
grade pianos from $325 up: medium-priced pi-
anos from $190 up; second-hand pianos from
$55 up; planoe for rent: sole agents for Chick-
erlng. Steck. Voee and Sterling planoa. It to
20 O'Farrell «t.
18 ROOMS on 1 floor: near Call office... $550
8-ROOM BOARDING HOUSE: NEW HOUSE;
NEW FURNITURE; FULL OF BOARD-
ERS .' 700
37 rooms: on Howard st. ; only $300 cash.. 400
30 rooms: fine sunny corner: on one floor.. 900
25 rooms: on Market: worth $1200 ?no
10 rooms; on Mason; payments 450
65 rooms; on Bush St.: clears $250.... 2SOO
• 3 rooms and bath: elegant flat 325
30 rooms; on Kearny; grand bargain 2000
36 rooms: on Market: payments ISOO
60.-40 and 125 rooms: boarding-house.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51. '
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading. room; free,
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best ' laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, oft O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post St.: telephone Hush 135.
A— HOTEL.. BAKERY.. .LAUNDRY.. .OTHER
................ DEPARTMENTS
Cook and wife for 25 men at a mine..-........:
. ....>... $50 and found
29 c00k5..... Come see them
.....$5O, $45. $40. $30. $25 and found
17 waiters, city and country
.......$35, $30. $25. $20 and found
19 dishwashers, city and country
$25. $20. $15 and found
9 laundrymen, washers, lroners, : polishers,
starchers, etc.: ..$4O, $45, $30 and found
2 dishwashers for a mine, 50c fare..;..... ......
$20 and found
Man for delicacy store, $40 and found; 3 bell-
boys: porter, country hotel, $25 and found
Helper on bread, city job $30 and found
2 butchers
2 milk wagon drivers.... s2s and $30 and found
Wife as cook, man as nurse, institution
$45 and found MURRAY & READY. ¦
634-636 Clay Bt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve; $5 mo." 1024 Mission, nr.- 6th.
A— TO FARM5....... -DAIRIES. .......CHORES
! ..; STABLES. -ETC
38 milkers, different places.. s3o, $25 and found
6 butter-makers $30 and found
69 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent p1ace5. .......530, $26, $25, $20 and found
5 stable men $50 month, $30. $23 and found
27 choremen and boys.
.........; $25. $20. $15, $10 and found
9 scraper teamsters, large ranch. $26 and found
READ CAREFULLY. .MURRAY & READY.
THESE J085.'.... .....634-636 Clay st.
PIANO lessons; 8 ¦ years' experience; 50c per
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and 63. Donohue building. 1170 Market ie
AT 126 Kearny st., room 9, respectable privata
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995. ..¦ ¦;.
AYRES'. leading business college. 723 Market:
individual instruction: bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing; life scholarship, $50: catalogue.
FLATS
GENTLEMAN of good sttdress; good proposl-
BOOKKEEPING as it Is done: superior post-
graduate course; rapid Calculations. TARR.
expert accountant. Flood building.
EDUCATIONAL.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
ing.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moflat.
WANTED— An experienced furniture salesman
for Sacramento. Apply 523 Market St., room,
7. between 2 and 3 p. m.
A— ENGINEERS, PAINTERS, CARPENTERS,
-......-...:..... COOPERS
Engineer, hoisting engine.' boss here ,#.s3o
3 painters for Institutions and on boats
4 coopers.. s3 50 day: carriage trimmer.. s3 day
2 boatbullders. $3 60 day; blacksmith weaver
$10 week on wire mattress; 5 ship carpenters
5 carpenters, 9 months' job, country. .s2 50 day
EVERYBODY.:....;. MURRAY & READY. . .
COME SEE U5.. ............ ..634-636 Clay st.
TO Nome and York on best equipped vessel
leaving Frisco; t'/.O allowed and chance to
stake claims in new dirt which we stop at
between Nome acd York. Further p*rtlcu-
A— MURRAY &. READY.... PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
. Want To-day, 7 a. m.
35 laborers, city Jobs ...$3O and found
12 laborers, rear clty..sl 75 day, $30 and found
S farmers and wives, Napa -and Sonoma coun-
ties. $35 ' and found; special good j0b5........
139 Jobs.... ....MURRAY & READY.
Not Advertised ...634-636 Clay St.
DOG HOSPITALS
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital,
610 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZAHD'S l>o* Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
animal* treated: Antrn bosrded. Tel. We»t 635.
MEDICATED BATHS.
DR. CON ANTS Compound Vapor Bath— Puri-
fies the blood; destroys disease germs; pro-
tects; cures; revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bills: outfits for sale: agents wanted: send for
booklet. ANIDRORIS. 47 Post St.. S. F.. Cal.
BAN FRANCISCO CALI*.
rrfrNKPR OFFICE of the F«n Francineo
Call, cc— ler or Market and Third streets, open
cn«1l It o'clock every nlpfct In the year.
CRANCII OFFICES— S27 Mcntgomery rtreet.
c-crner Clay; cr*n until 9:SJ p. m.
tPO Ileres rtreet: open until 9:80 p. ra.
«v? McAllister rtreet; open until 9:t» p. m.
HI Lerkin etreet: cpen until B:3* p. m.
IS4I Mission etreet; cpen until It p. m.
titl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntll t p. m. ~y
ICC Eleventh rtreet: cpea nntil ? p. m.
SC96 Valencia street; -open until 9 p. m.
:2JS Polk etreet; open until I p. m.
Northwest corner of Tweaty-second and Ken-
eurky ttreets; ores until > P. m.
SIEKTING fiOTl^}^'
OALIFORNIA~Lodee No. 1. V. ml A. •
M., vrM meet THIS (THURSDAY)
KVENING. March 22, at 7:30 o clock. \2(
First degree. By orfler of the master. ' v A
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
iIIFSION Chanter No. 7S. R. A. M.— a
fr-elti meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _#\_
KVENING. ":2f' o'clock. Mission Ma- itJf
eorlc Temple, 2668 Mission St. Royal / V
Arch degree. By order cf the IL P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
DORIC LrvJre No. Z:«. F. and A. M-— «
Sl>ec!ai rreetirr THIS (THURSDAY) _fV_
EVENING. a.t 7:50 o'clock. Second de- I^JT
gree. Sojourning brethren are Invited, f
By order of W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec
PACIFIC Lodre No. 355. I. O. O. F. cg*^£&, j
—Initiation THIS EVENING. Vis- -%_3K£:
Hers cordially lnvltcl
FRED D. APHWORTH. N. G. "<>n\ \
ADOLPKUo E GRAUPNER. Rec. Sec.
THE S F. Scottish Tlilstle Club v <7 >r. '
meets THIS « THURSDAY) EVEN- 5S *#WJ •
ING, Fraternity Hall. !2 O'Farrell *_vXv^
et., tt S o'clock. Every member Is '¦SC**
expected to EUfcrr.it his views in writing on j
the subject proposed at th« last regular meet-
ing. "¦Saiokrr" follows.
JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GEO. W. PATERSON, Recorder.
NOTlvVi— lnterxational Urlcklajers' Union No.
1 of California laeets EVERY MO.NDAT in
The Temrie. 117 Turk st. ; hall open every
Jay between 9 and 6: ali I. U. men invited; j
charter oj»en for 30 days; contractors or build- !
era wantir.g men inquire at hall. !
W. D. PICKENS. President.
VTVLLTAM KLEIN. NICHOLAS DUGAN.
WILLIAM J. SHEEDY. I. U. Committee.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydrautio
process from George H. Hedrlck. in the Hed-
rlck gravel aiine. near San Andreas, Cala-
veras County, to 3epcslt tailings on a flat
below the mine; : rcm Wililam Weyman, in
the Weyman plaoer m'.n%. r.ear Placervllle, ¦
Xl Dormda County, to deposit taJilnss In a
reservoir below the mine: from Hugh H.
Cram. in the. Pigeon Creek mine, near Ply- [
mouth. Aniador County, to deposit tailings
In Indian Cre*k; from Henry Meyer, In the
Gtvenfcorn mine, arCheroV.ee. Nevada County,
to deposit tailings in Shady Creek, and from
the Emery Oo'.d Mining Company, In the
Emery hydraulic mine, near Mountain Ranch.
Calaveras County, ta deposit tallinps in Adobe
Gulch, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at rcom 69. Flood buildir.c, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on April 2. 1900. at 1:30 p. m.
AXNTAL meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Reflnlng
Company will be held at the offlce of the
company. EI7 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal..
ra MONDAY, the 2«th day cf March, 1900. at
the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing j
year and the transaction .t,t such other buai-
neus aE may come before the meeting. Trans- j
f*r books will close on Friday. March I«, 1900. I
at 12 m. TT. H. HANNAM. Secretary, j
AGENTS WANTED.
CLUSTER Bubble Blower— Great clutters of !
liubiiles; bubble parties for children the com- |
iii* fad; by mail 10c. 3 for 25c ELK HEATER !
MFG. CO.. CJumbus. Ohio. . |
LADIKS— Agents: something new. 602 Geary
rt. «»*< Francfprn. ... j
ANTHOLOGY.
PROF. A. MASEHT of Egypt, greatest aetrolo- j
cist and palmist in the world; satisfaction '
c-jaranteed 427 Golden Gate aye. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; 1
nr> fee without success; collections. G. W. j
HOWK. atfy at law, B.Vt Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. 1
W. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market St.. opp. Mason, j
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law, has re- 1
Fuxned cractloe at WX Cal. 6t.. Clunle bids.
L R. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bid*.'. 527 Mar- I
ket ft.: consultation free: no f^^s In advance.
lIATII CABINETS THERMAL.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding: see it before
buying. W. S. BROWN. Coast Agt.. 426 Ellis.
BOOKS — SEW AND OLD.
FCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
H'-lm*-* Book Co.. T'^ Mission Bt.. near Third.
limn AM) bUUB UAHtiAINS. !
KlX^UL^AlTuliirboTe^n^^ 1
Regular tl 25 ladies' oxford ties ...Wets j
Children's kid. lace or button, rises 8 to 11.75 c i
People's Shoe Store, 1303 Stockton, nr. B'dway.
Iff') PAIRS drummers' sample shoes at manu-
facturers' crtrx. 3. Kohlbecher. 145 Fourth st.
UELGIAN HAKES.
6AN FRANCISCO Belgian Hare Co.. 1015 Shot-
well Bt.. S*ji Francisco. Thoroughbred Belgian
hares; Sir Britain. Hex Yukon, Prince lian-
bury: service fee So. Opwi until 9 o'clock p. m.
BELGIAN Hares — Norman Prince. Goldbug and
Sir Style* stock; breeding does a specialty.
21 f C California st.
DOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
i iv ANTED -by married couple (desirable ten-
ants) — Large, eunny modern room, with email
apartment adjoining for lightest of housekeep-
ing; breakfast only; private; east of Van Ness
aye. Box 3SK«. C«IL
STUDENT wants room and board; convenient
to Taylor and Market Ms. ; not to exceed $20.
Addrees box 213». Call office.
ROOM and board within 5 blocks of Call bulld-
lng: north; £!Q. » Crocker building. .
BOARDING roil CHILDREN.
PRIVATE home for children. 1 day to 15 years,
by week or month; large sunny yard; select
neighborhood; mother's care; kindergarten;
tcrn.B low. 1304 Post. bet. Franklin & Gough.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board In German
family. 429 Minna t-t-
SMALL child to board; best care. 8 Jurl eU.
off Twenty-fifth and Valencia.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^KOOO^CORNKR grocery and bar." with four
living rooms; rent !."•'>; 3 years' lease: the bent
corner on Mistiion *t.; place doing a good
paying cash t>u*!ness; full \alue in night.
C»ll K. «. WILKE. 906 Market uU
A-tSJu; CIGAR store; clearing H daily; splen-
did location: Market and East sts.; rent $12.
Call It. G. WILKE. SO6 Market Bt.
A— tCOO— SALOON and lunch house: established
many years and doing a good paying busi-
ness; rent $40; best location; close to Sutter
Et. ; investigate at once; a rare chance. Call
It. G. WILKE. SO6 Market Bt.
IHCO CORNER grocery store and bar. with 3
living rcoms kitchen and cellar; rent $45;
place eftablished for 30 years; next to the
leading brewery of this city; a mint. Call
R. G. WILKE. SO* Market St.. room 8. .
A.HSS; COFFEE raloon and restaurant; 1 block
from corner Powell and Market sts.: rent $40:
daily receipts $43; 3 living rooms. See R. G.
WILKE. KI6 Market st. • '
A— s4so; SALOON, with 3 living rooms; rent
$27 £0; Valencia St.: rood business; bargain.
R. G. WILKE. »J6 Market tt.
A— ssoo; CORNER grocery and bar; vicinity
Sixth and Howard Ets.: living rooms; good
business : cheap rent. Call K." G. WILKE.
MC Market tt.
A— s.'«o; SALOON and lunchhouse: between fac-
tories and lumber-yards; daily receipts $15;
rent $»; a tn«p. R. G. V. T ILKE. 306 Market,
jttO— OOKNEK saloon; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN * CO.. 777^4 Market Bt.
pm— PARTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
ness; ctaple goods; large profits. For par-
ticulars »cc Mclaughlin & co.. 7774
Market et. • "
$225 — CIGAR utand and laundry of flee ;• fine lo-
cation. Mclaughlin. tt.h Market at.
AN industrious young man who has had some
experience in horw-sbo^intr '»ant<»d with f 175,
a^ imrtntr in «-Etalili*hed i-'hcp; lots of work.
COSMOPOLITAN AGENCY. 26 Geary St.
$853— GROCERY and bar; more than vclue'ln
*lsht; splendid locution; selling on account of
departure. Cosmopolitan Agency, 24 Geary.
CORNER rrocerr itor^'flne location; full
stock; muft be sacrificed this week on ec-
«ount death.- COWING & CO.. 713 -Market.
REAL estate, city or country. In any j State in
the Union; sold and exchanged on commis-
sion; associate cfilces in New York end Chl-
catro; sterling t»u«lne«8 . propositions <if all
kitios. Sur.iw-t Realty Inv. Co., 213 Exam. bldg.
COiII'LETE »et of baker's utensils, including
iarjre portable oven, with privilege of seeing
carr.» in u*e; cheap. JONES & CO.. 855 Alrht.
7 r.OOMS, north of Market Ft.; all newly fur-
nlthed. at a bargain; balance due on-mort-
rage t27S. Apply D. McRAE. 743 Mission at.
$250— RESTAURANT; tmslnesa of $20 per day;
rent J25; owner going away. 704 Larkln st.
BUSINESS CHAN CES- Continued.
ATTENTION. BUYERS
ATTENTION, SELLERS
TO BUY .*.
SELL
OR EXCHANGE .
ROOMING HOUSE. HOTEL. STORE,....
CITY OR COUNTRY REAL ESTATE....
...OR BUSINESS PLACE OF ANY KIND...
Phone John 51. or call on or address
H. XZ. DECKER. 1020 Market et. opp. sth.
CORNER procery and bar; must sell; estab-
llsned 30 years. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt.
$1000— RESTAURANT and bar; best location;
no night work; cheap rent; long lease; daily
receipts $6i-$7O; stands Investigation. Liquor
" Dealers' Journal, 539H California St.
FIRST-CLASS saloon; big trade; cheap If sold
at once; only responsible party will receive
information. Liquor Dealers' Journal. 639!£
California st. '
$600— SALOON on Turk St.: fine fixtures; good
trade. Liquor Dealers' Journal, 639!4 Cali-
fornla et. •¦-' ..¦¦'¦' ¦_
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. &3S& California St., room 1.
$150— PARTNER; meat market: receipts $800
month; cash business. Kredo & Co., 22tt Geary.
A— ssso; ROADHOUSE and resort; fine place;
newly furnished. Kredo & Co., 22H Geary.
$50 — STOCK of groceries; rent of store, $15; near
Fourth st. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary Bt.
PARTNER to travel In show business; clear-
ing $300 a month; must have $150; no experi-
ence required. J. C. PELTON. 422 Minna St..
after 3 p. m. ,
FIRST-CLASS candy and ice cream store; lo-
cation central; very cheap. M. MACLEOD,
1706 Market st.
I WANTED— A partner with $8000 to invest in a
' well-established and best paying business in
I Northern California: will guarantee $30 net
j dally profit. Address box 2733. Call, Oakland.
CORNER cigar stand. 97 Third St., northeast
corner of Mission.
FOX sale, cheap; paying restaurant in best
' location in city. Inquire 117 Battery st.
FOR sale — Small oyster house cheap; $100. Ad-
dress box 4490. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS oyster house for sale on account
of sickness. 60 Seventh Bt.
BARBERS — Good paying shop on Market St.;
cheap for cash. Address box 3111, Call office.
FOR sale — Shooting gallery, or for rent. 231
Fifth st. "
GROCERY and bar; 1009 Guerrero St.; must
be sold at once; reasons, leaving for Europe.
$450— FANCY grocery and delicatessen store.
1301 Devlsadero st. ".-: »•
TO let — Clear store with room, or saloon for
sale. 4Sa Fourth st. _^
$3500 WILL buy a good paying office and im-
porting business that will pay at the least
$4000 per year if properly handled; reason for
Belling, have to leave the State on Important
business; have $2000 worth of stock on hand,
staple goods; 1-3 cash, the balance can be
paid out of the business to the right party;
must fell ; Investigate and see for yourself.
Address box 3121. Call office.
FOR sale— First-class grocery and saloon: good
business for any industrious person; located
In the Mission; selling on account of wish-
in gtoi^tlr^^A^djre^sJboxjniO^jCall.
FOR sale— Old-established grocery and bar;
good location; long lease; good opportunity
for one or two young men; no agent£. Ad-
dress box 3122. Call office. ,
FOR sale— First-class grocery store; on account
of sickness. Inquire at KUHLS. SCHARKE
& CO.'S. corner Sutter and Kearny. .
JSCO— FIRST-CLASS saloon: *ood fixtures; b
private rooms; rent $55. Box 3119? Call.
BARBER shop for sale cheap on account of
sickness. SO4 Bryant st. __^
NEW baiery and laundry; 3-can milk wagon; 2-
seated Epring wagon; 1 heavy and 2 light de-
livery wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and bar;
etock and fixtures; must sell on account of
: other business; no agents. Box 3067. Call.
' CIGAR store for sale. 311 Bush st.
$65— GOOD repair shop: lasts, stock and . ma-
chine: good trade: cheap rent. 2106 Fillmore.
FRUIT and vegetable Btore for sale: on ac-
count of leaving city. Apply Call office.
RETIRING from clothing' and gent's furnish-
ing goods business; stock and fixtures for
Bale; store to rent at 44 East et.. near Mis-
sion; small capita! needed.
1 Jlsoo— FOR sale: restaurant; fine location: a
j fortune to the right party: owner has two
j places. Address box 3051. Call office.
GROCERY, hay. feed and coal yard In South
Berkeley: doing good business; rent cheap: at
bargain. Addregs box 2731. Call. Oakland.
COMPANY promotion is our specialty: we at- ;
tend to everything complete: charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.&1.C0.. 220 California St.. r. 5-7.
ROUTE cf 844 papers on this paper for bale.
Box t. Oakland Postoffice.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. PA SWELL ft CO.. 412 Sacrament* st.
j CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
1 A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
! tlsementß and subscriptions has been opened
i at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla tt.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
EXPRESS wagon, double harness and horses.
Apply 313 Langton Bt.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts 4 hsr-
ne««. wk * rfrivlnr- b"r*e< ISth »nd Vs>nel*.
CARPET BEATING ANO CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 553-537 Tehama «t.; tel. a. 40.
CITY Hteam Carpet-beating Works. O. . H.
BTEVBNS. mgr.. 3&-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4t3 Stevenson st.: tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CAKPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
Bt.: cleaning. Sc per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CON KLIN'S Can*t-beatlnit works. 331 Golden
Oate «ye.: tel«Th"rn» Ka«t HI.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^TTENT10NT7........r."r.".!.... REMOVED~!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
. and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
¦ Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copjTlghted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures -which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE'
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
' sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed tr> her residence, * 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get c?£ at Clinton Station. 2d station from,
Broadway.
ARNOLD.- Dickson. give everybody tests to-
night: 10c: Bluings, 25e. 50c. H8 Sixth, room 1.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night: 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
CIRCLE to-day. 2 jj. m. prompt, 25c. .C.
STEERS. 112% Oak; read. $1; tel. Howard 527.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Mkt.. bet. 10th & 11th—
Clr. Mon. S p. m.. Thur. 2 p. m.,25c; sit. dally.
MRS. G. J. MEYER. 335 McAllister: business;
sit. dally; test clr. to-night, . Thurs, at. 2.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
230 Ellis st.: circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MME. MARQUISE, medium, has removed to S
Hyde st. ; readings and treatments dally.'
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; Fitting, tl. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.*
MOST learned palmist and clairvoyant medium;
business advice: readlnrs, 25c 1581 Market
St.. near Twelfth.
CLAIRVOYANT." card reader, palmist; all you
seek to know answered, ¦ without questions;
readings this week, 25c and 60c. * 126 O'Farrell.
CHESTER CARLETON. magnetic . healer and
massage treatmt. 1352 Market, rinf. 27 and/28.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh Bt. Is the original
»rypsy lit* reader; readings 25c •
MISS MELVILLE*, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921& Mission, op Mint.
MMX. HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader;
I>a«t, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., r. 12.'
YOUR future told by cards. ' 25c. 944 Howard
Bt..- 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant. . card reader and
palmistry, !oc: truth or no pay. 1149- Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
slttlncs dally. 212H Sixth st. . ¦ . ?
"MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently ; .business
advice; names given; 25c up. -6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st."
WANTED— Position as clerk In general mer-
chandise business in the country. Address
' M. G., 104 Powell Bt.. S. F. . ¦
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at office. $3; saf»
and reliable; consultation free; hours 19 to i.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed; treatment. 15.
STEADY. . sober man of 25 wants any kind of
work, driving wagon preferred: experienced
milk ¦ wagon driver; references. . Address 205
Third St., room 23.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
WANTED— A tailor. 619 Taylor st
WANTED— A dishwasher. 607 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoresj wantid on soats; must
be Al. Apply J. ASHER. 455 Minna. i .-.'
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; must
make fine buttonholes; good wages; steady
work. 411H Kearny st.; top floor. . - . .
WANTED— A man: greenhouse work and pot
plants. Call at 600 Halght st. ;
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED blacksmith. In not the best of
health, wants light Job helping? ln shop; no
shoeing; small wages expected. Address H.
- WAUREN,' 406 Francisco St. - J t ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and_subscriptlons
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
LOST— Diamond crescent-shape PmT*7^tT
between S and 6 o'clock, on driv. to r*^4
House from Savoy Hotel. Very llber.l
ward and positively no questions t^CL. T *~
> returned to Savoy Hotel, room 95. "* *»
LOST— In the vicinity of Eddy and Laguaa~»iT'
black cocker spaniel; answers to nani« , Al
Reech. Return to 1001 G. G. aye; rewa-a $19.
FOUND at the Crystal Baths— A .argesasT^f
money. Owner can have same by calli rz „'
JOHN FARNHAM. Manager; full particulaJ,
must be given in person; no letters answered
LOST— Diamond ring; was, wrapped in tiaTo?
a liberal reward if returned to G. W. »£/
BUCKLE. 11 Montgomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath ; modern im-
provements. 218 a Locust • avenue, bet. Van
Nese avenue. Franklin, Golden Gate aye. and
REAR house of 5 rooms. Inquire at 563 Ellis
Street. BEHSBRBBBBEMSGbI ¦ ' '.
WANTED— A good waiter at the Golden .West
;: Hotel, • 68-78. Ellis : it. , ¦
YOUNG woman, with a child, wishes a posi-
tion as housekeeper or cook on a ranch.' Calf
713J4 Bush at. ', •', . ; .
WANTED— A* waitress at , Chicago : restaurant.
207 Third : st. \". v :.::. '-:¦-¦' v,- -¦:¦.¦-- v:
FIRST-CLASS , : tallorees ;. on V' pants. 211 V Te-
'. hama Bt. r ¦-.¦¦- ¦:••-¦ -..•..'*?-¦ •*-«."•.¦¦'•':¦:.*•.- '. :•
GOOD - dishwasher .wanted ' at 315 Grant aye,
WANTED— Bright boys about 16 years of age.
'Apply 312 Grove Bt. .».•,,« :*¦ -.-.•• . ,--."i-.-i -:'¦>•, ¦
YOUNG , man. must •; speak German,"- for wine
business; state wages; ref.'. Box 3138. Ca11."..-:
NEAT young i girl -to ' wait iat table
.', home; $5 per. week.' ?32 Sixth st. :v>:
NIGHT school reopens | April - 1: | speed ; class $3
' ; per mo. - Ayres* Business College. 723 Market.
BOY. with' some experience in • tailoring." Apply
*clgar stand, "Union-st.' car station. Presidio.
BUTCHER boy wanted; fair wages and found.
: 876 Howard at" - '?,'"..; .;•\ . . '-
BOAT '- builder . and '¦ boat ; painter: : sparmaker.
ERRAND :• boy, 7 $3 per : week
HARRIS CO., 641 Market st.
BELASCO &
WANTED— FemaIe choristers and dancers. Ap-
ply 1 o'clock to-day, CHAS. H. JONES, stage
-entrance Grand Opera-house. •* ¦„-." '-.--•
VEST' finishers ' wanted. Apply 8. N. WOOD
AtCO.. 718 Market Bt. . ; ¦, ' :¦ ¦- •¦ '- : ¦•¦ .; ¦- ¦..
FINISHERS and apprentices on custom coats.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 841 Market 9t. . :
RELIABLE girl > for - housework; • four adults;
"sleep home; $15." . 812 Taylor ; st.-- ¦¦-.-¦•¦¦••. .¦¦ ?
EXPERIENCED finisher on coats; -J steady
; work; also apprentice.' t ? 3s4 : Geary : Bt. ¦. . .
GOOD operators I wanted ; on ;¦ pants on ; Singer
. : machines. -. 734 : Montgomery. St., • room . l.'-x ¦ .
GIRLS to learn . box making. 620 Market ' at.,
.i third : floor, y . : '.:""¦* ''. .": -'.''¦ '.'-¦
BLACKSMITH for a- steamer. - BTABENS &
, FRIEDMAN. , 257-259 Pacific : St. -
Apply 8. N. WOOD
WANTED— Good busbelman.' 8. N. WOOD &
CO.. 718 Market St.; apply bet. 7 and 8 a.;m.
WANTED— Bright - cashboy. S. .N. WOOD . &
:;CO., 718 Market st.: apply bet. 7 and 8 a.,m.
WANTED— Salesmen , for retail ' grocery busi-
¦ ness; give reference and wages' expected.
Address box 3132. Call office. • •
YOUNG girl for light housework and assist
. with baby; wages $8 to $12. Apply 900 A Pow-
. .ell st. - ¦¦¦'-' >•"¦ '¦¦. ¦¦¦'¦ '-..¦¦:¦' '
WANTED— A young lady experienced in short-
. hand and typewriting. :' Address B. ¦ P.. box
4455, '. Call office. ¦ £&jsm»UmMmitWlt9m&M
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7tb: tel Jessie 152.
TAILORS— First-class ladies' tailor wanted on
Jackets and waists; must be rapid and pro-
ficient In, details. Apply to STEIN. SIMON
& CO. -'.?
SEE last Sun. Examin., Chron. and Call for
60 houses adv. by M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market.
GIRL wishes second work or care for chil-
dren". 17558 Howard Bt. •
FIRST-CLASS 'infants' : nurse wants position;
city references. ¦ Address 929. Pine ; at. •
COOKING and downstairs work by a competent
-woman. 1910 Steiner Bt. ¦/ » ¦•
A— Young man, 16 : to 18, for gents', furnishing
• goods, references. $5 week; man. = country,
plain cooking, $20. found. 927 Market, r. 302..
BUSINESS Woman's Club, room 202. 927 Map*
ket Bt. .-.¦¦'•-.' - V .¦¦¦ ¦ -
7 Man, country. ' $20 and r found; all-around
man. plain cooking, $30 and found.
30 ROOMS; newly furnished throughout; good
location; transfer point; cheap rent; thts Is a
great bargain If sold' lmmediately. RIVERS
BROS., 227 Montgomery st.
ACTIVE, middle-aged woman wants care of
house during absence of family; city, refer-
Fine Knabe upright latest design: make oßeri
beautiful Bruenn upright, like new; Arton.
$35; Hallett &• Davis. $40; 2 German uprights.
In good order.. $75 and $30; Dunham uprisht.
$140; Sherwood. $145: 1 almost new uprights.
cheap, for storage and advances. BRLENN.
208 Post St., above Grant aye.
WANTED...".....
¦ Coachman for gentleman's place, near city,
$M per. month and found, pee party at our
office '
.......'.."..'.•......Woodchoppers ......:....
10 woodchoppers, good Job. near city, tools
. and provisions advanced, I stoves, cabins and
cooking utensils on grounds, $1 60 per cord,
San Mateo County; 5 more laborers for saw-
mill company,'. s26 and board and fare paid;
vineyard and orchard hands, ranch teamsters,
milkers; cook. . waiter, also dishwasher for
institution, near city, $20, ¦ with board, lodg-
1 ing and washing. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay Bt. -
A— BUSINESS Woman's Club, phone South 279.
927 Market St.. room 202.
Young girl for general housework.
Neat cook and housework, $20. V
Cook and all-round girl, $20. ' • . ¦ '..
8 girls, general housework and cooking, $20.
Young woman for cooking and domestic work;
Swedish or German preferred; references; $20.
Young girl, second work; no . cooking; no
washing; $12.
Seamstress at once: $1 25 per .day: references.
MOTHER and daughter. $10; • Becond girl, $25;
cook. $30; two laundresses. $30 and $«;
woman to cook for 8 men. $25; cook and sec-
ond girl, same house. MRS. NORTON. 313
"Sutter st. ,-. ,. • • . - • : . . ? • .
LADIES' tailor and dressmaker, first-class
city references, will take more engegements
by the day; terms $2. 804V4 Turk St. - ¦
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants situation with
, family going to the country for three or four
months: beet references; please call after 6,
evenings or Sunday. 1584 Fifteenth St., near
Mission. . f.. •(¦. -, .-,¦. .-. .-.«•, . j- ¦-
WELL educated person wishes to care for one
or more children, above 3, ! In refined fam-
ily; speaks German; will assist. with school
work; references. Box 373.3,Ca1l office. ;
WOMAN with a small, child would like a po-
sition as housekeeper In hotel, rooming or
private house; for further particulars apply
at 4G» Shotweil Bt.'
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls await situ-
ations; a first-class cook, 7 years' references;
a Swedish houseglrl, good cook, German and
1 American style; a first-class ' second girl; a
Swedish young woman wishes place on - a
ranch, pood cook; two Eastern girls wish
places together, references. MRS. NORTON.
Al LSI CAL INSTRUMENTS.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black. 4074.
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO salaried men, without collateral or lndorser:
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
FLATS WANTED.
COUPLE, with reference, want small furnished
flat, north of Market st. ; rent not over $25.
Addrees box 3136, Call office, g -...-•
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall:
laneuaeew. Miss M. O. Barrett.- 302 Montey.
$G— LOWER flat. 726H Harrison St., between
Third and Fourth. - -
CLASSES In German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
$14 — WORTH $18; flat of 5 rooms and bath. 1417
Pacific aye., near Hyde. '
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
6-ROOM sunny flat; rent $14. 2618 Mission or
844 Capp st. • ' - ' • ¦
TWO, sunny rear flats of 4 rooms; $8 each. 27
Pearl st., off Market, near Valencia.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; rent
$12 50.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty
engrosdng: Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission: violin, guitar.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
I from BALDWIN &HOWELL. 10 • Montgomery.
AN art education free by mall; new system.
Address LEMOS. -Artist. Santa Cruz, Cal.
NINTEENTH. 3980, near Noe— Lovely sunny
lower 6-room flat, with room on porch; $18;
ELEGANT sunny flat; 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wil-
low aye., near Laguna st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve. : est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SOLICITORS to work from wagons In San Fran-
cisco, Oakland. Haywards, etc. Apply 156
Fifth st. .
WANTED— TaiIor on fine custom coats; good
pay; steady work. 533 Natoma Bt.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell it.
FLAT of 8 rooms and bath for rent and the
furniture for sale; rent low. Inquire at 112
Third st.
ALL Etudents but two taking full -course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
713 Greenwich: 6 r..512 1345 Howard; 6 r....519
2957 California; 5 r.. 515 315 Jersey; 6 r....512 60
TO LET.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtaia
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
WILL exchange very desirable lots In Seattle,
Tacoma or Blalne. Wash., for country home
near San Francisco. A. D., box 3113. .Ca11.
EXCHANGE
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
WANTED— Good coatmaker. In or outside. 126
Montgomery.
MONET TO LOAN.
ANY amount at < per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing guslnesa else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. S.
ANY proposition, any amount; ( per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates. legacies, corporation loans, chattel
.moragages; confidential: advice free. O. EL.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 12J3 Polk st.: open until 9p. m. •"¦ i.:-< '¦-¦¦;
A BRANCH ofnce.for Call advertisements and
subscript ions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. .-.V ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements' and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
SITUATION wanted by young man at house-
cleaning or other small jobs by the day.
HENRY ANDERSEN. 952 Bush st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
BOOTBLACK t wanted for barber shop. 106
Fourth st. •
WANTED-Steady work by a first-class car-
penter and picture framer; will work cheap;
city or country.' Box 3116. Call office. .-
OPERATORS and finishers; gents' white shirts;
experienced hands. Rogerson's, 535 Valencia.
WANTED— First-class machinists.. 324 Fre-
St. . .
A YOUNG Frenchman of good education and
¦reputation, who can speak, read and write
English, wishes to go to the Paris Exposition
with an American family or somebody as an
Interpreter; moderate terms and can give good
reference«. Address JEAN LACLERQUE. 27
-Scott place.. S. F.., Cal. . ¦ :
WANTED— Barber for evening, Saturday and
Sunday. 947 Flllmore St.
SET of teeth without plate.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as housekeeper who
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker. 129 Eddy St.; steady
work. ¦' "
WANTED— Neat young German glri to do gen-
eral housework; wages $15. Call 1029 Shotweil.
t ____
CARRIAGE painters wanted. 1414 Plna st.
WANTED— 2 first-class trimmers. North Beach
Wonder, 1411 Stockton Bt.
OMNIBUS wanted. 31 Stockton st.
DRAUGHTSMAN, good letterer. good tracer,
wants a situation In civil engineer or archi-
tect office; reasonable. Box 3124, Call office.
WANTED— Vest ' finisher*, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. . 509 Kearny St., room 2.
WANTED— A good dishwasher at 1851 Valencia
Bt.; call early. r^" -":>»--
YOUNG woman for cooking and housework;
small family; references. 1241 Leavenworth.
PARIS Exposition— W T ell-educated Frenchman,
familiar with European resorts and languages,
'wants position as guide; references. Address
A. D.. Crockett. Cal. .
GIRL for light housework. Apply at
•O'Farrell st.
BOY at BOULIN'S printing office. 619 Filbert
street;
WANTED — Young girl to assist in housework
and care of children. Apply at 9268 Fulton.
WAITED— A good coat maker at 520 Kearny
WANTED— Young girl to take ' care of 2 chil-
dren and assist. Call at 3353 Twenty-fttth st.
WANTED— Good upholsterer at 1713 Pollc st.
COLLECTOR— EIderIy man seeks situation;
salary or commission or place where duties
are not laborious- either in town or country.
WANTED — A respectable woman to do house-
work and washing. 1618 Castro st.
FULL set of teeth. $5: gold crowns. $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
illver. roc; painless extraction, 50c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: homa>
in confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any aliment: consultation free. 943
Post st.. between Hyde and Larkin.
DR. O. W. CDONNELI* the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In 8. F. for years; treated thousands ot
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free; success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023H Market it. .:¦< . .
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium, 704 Sacramento st.. cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free: office hours, 10 a. m. to 13 ta..
2 to 6 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by a watchmaker. 327
.Third st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists:
good work; Bteady. NEWBAUER BROS.. IS
First st. - '¦ ¦-¦:'<,-" ¦•":*.'-'• ¦^¦, :•
WANTED— Good reliable Swedish or ¦ German
girl for general housework and cooking; must
be neat and willing; 4 in family: small wash:
large . wash . given - out \_ wages $18; reference
required/ Address E. F.." lock box 65. Vaca-
. ville. Cal. " '-.:-.
WANTED — By ¦ trustworthy man; capable of
taking charge and care of gentleman's resi-
dence, or as coachman : thoroughly_under-
- stands his business; reference: Box 3137. Call.
SITUATION by young man taking care of
horses, cows," garden; good driver; reference*.
' Box 3131. ¦ Call ¦ office. .
WANTED— Recruits for the Lnlted
Marine Corps. United States Navy, aWe-bod-
ied, unmarried men. of good character. De-
tween the ages of 21 and 35 years;, not less
than 6 feet 4 inches and not over t feet 1
. inch in height: must be dtlaens of the United
States, or persons who have legally declared
their intentions to become citizens; able to
- read, write and speak English properly; the
term of service is for 5 years; pay U from
$13 to $43 per month, according to rank and
length of service; clothing, rations, quarters
and medical attendance furnished. In addi-
tion, by the Government. For further infor-
mation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis at., San Francisco, CaL. or
830 X St., Sacramento. CaL_
AN errand boy for £ ta *> ffl £*i.°«F£ v w £ o co" 1
answer telephone. . C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. ' ¦ ¦
NEAT young girl for general housework; wages
$12 to $15. 1114 Devlsadero st. - .
FOUND — Greyhound; white and brtndle. Cajj
at 324 Tehama st.
A— 2 BELL boys, country hotel. $15; J bell boys.
SS«#:SF r cVio;
•Geary st. ' iiJL_:
LOST— Bay mare, black, small stripe on back,
long tall; hitched to piano-box buggy, body
black, running gear dark green, spoke* ;n; n
left front wheel black. . Reward at NW. cor-
ner Davis St. and Broadway. CHARLES H.
A-HEAD waiter, $50, and storeroom ; maa , $40
to $50, both for a flrst-claas country hotel,
see party here this morning at 9:30. C K.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
$11 60— SUNNY cottage; 4 rooms. 1108 Filbert
street. -- ~. , ¦ '"^aWtoflnfe-.'- ' • ~ -
TO LET— A cottage of 6 rooms.' 2309 Polk St.;
rent, with water, $13. ¦ 1 ' "
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109» Va-
lencia st. • ¦¦¦¦..¦• .-;•'"¦"
A BRANCH, office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; *pen until 9 p. m.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
~*ket; 300 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $«
week, convenient - and respectable; free bus
,' and. baggage to and from ferry. -¦¦¦¦'¦¦
HELI* XV A. NTEl>^_* A V E j^^_.
AT C. R. HANBEN & C 075...104 GEARY ST
100 teamsters, laborers - and ¦, rockmen. „» "
¦ and $2 a day, for the Coast ; Railroad. Santa
• Barbara County; 'free fare......
10 muckers for a mine, $2 10 a day: 10 rail-
' roa™ labo™ rV. r $2 ' a day ; 10 farmers for^ or-
chards. $26 and boardrlO. tie makers. 13c a
tie; 20 woodchoppers, 7oc and $150 a.^ o™carpenter0 ™-
carpenter who can do plumbing, for Aiasaa,
i^and found and fare" paid; carpenter who
C-^HA'NSEN _^g§______«T__
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
PIANO player, man or woman, for the country.
•Grand Southern Hotel. -rooms 11 and 12, Mis-
sion and Seventh sts. • '¦'._. •; ¦-.-.
GIRL for I light housework ' and take care ]of
LOST AND FOUND.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THTJRSDAT^MARCH 22, .1900.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG girl wouTkTVlke care~of~a~chlld. 110H
.; Perry. Bt., bet. -Third and Fourth. :.--- . ¦¦ ¦ -
WANTED— Girt ' for bushel work. "... XU . Fourth,
street. .-.,,'¦• -. >. ¦¦ •; --• .;¦ . ¦..„.; ¦ ¦ ¦ -
FIXE cottage of D rooms and basement; $16.
113 Ash aye., near City Hall.~
NEAT girl to assist in housework; good home;
. small waees. 312 Sanchez st.
WANTED— Experienced girl for general house-
'¦ work and cooking. 797 McAllister st.
APPRENTICE : for pantsmaking; good sewer;
¦ paid while learning.. 273 Minna st.
YOUNG girl for housework; must sleep at
home. Call after 10 a. m.. 3720 Twentieth. st.
COLLECTION ' OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Rcom 310. 527 Market Bt. '
SALESLADY and makers wanted. < 1323 Stock-
ton ?st.. millinery. - "
YOUNG girl for cooking and light . housework.
Call between 9 and 2. 1804 Sutter st.
APPRENTICE wanted to learn dressmaking.
912 Larkln st. '
A BRANCH otflce for Call advertisement! and
subscriptions has been- established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
IiENTISTS.
A-DrTt. 6. HVG^I"NS rr ~ S o>n^aT~pariors/^927
Market st., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and 'filled or
crowned, without pain; plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
SITUATION wanted by flret-class coachman
and gardener; good careful driver and willing
"'" ' and obliging all around worker on gentle-
man' 6 place. Box 3076, Call office. -
EXPERIENCED alluvial gold digger offers ser-
vices -In >. Cape Nome- for 6 • months for JOOO,
clear of expenses. Address P. WILSON, 18
Montgomery aye.. . ».
GIRLS WANTED.
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. $6H Fremont st. ; elevator.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5 a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate! crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings, 60c: crowns, $3 50: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth at. • ' ¦
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' phyiu
clan, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned froa
Europe with advanced knowledge; ruaranteed
treatment $5: safe and reliable cure In 0r,.»
day; 15 years' successful practice in 3. F. .
maternity home;' low fees. 1007H Market »t.
FIRST-CLASS, experienced, steady baker
wants position. Box 3140, Call office.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. $09 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 X) up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. a. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
dtrful secret method v crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received. 8 first
prizes; n» students; guaranteed 12 years.
SITUATION wanted by a Dane; understands
. gardening, horses, cows, chickens; can take
charge of chicken ranch, run Incubator and
brooders; best reference. Address ANDREW
JOHNSON. 1313 Broadway, Oakland.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st., bet.
. Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to S p. m.
IDEAL Rold filling Inserted for 75e, with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3: crowns,
$1 IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnant, 6 Turk; painless
ext., crowns, bridge work; open Sund. till 12.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full Ht of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM — "Painless": evenings . and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 111S Market
St.: every case guaranteed: $3 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in confinement. 1312 Goiden Gate aye.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenlnes and Sundays. 850 Market.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
FIRST cook, restaurant. 106 McAllister st.
GOOD barber for country- first-class wages;
fare paid. H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
WANTED — A carriage wood worker. 421 Fifth
street.
LUNCH waiter. Southwest corner Bryant and
Fifth sts. •
DRESSMAKERS AMI SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
B. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
SMALL soap factory wants good agent and 2
canvassers. Apply 1411 Harrison st.
PENSIONS— GEO. ' D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 18
* j — years' practice; Examiner bldg.
EXPERIENCED finisher on coats; steady
work; also apprentice. . 354 Geary et.
WANTED— A good barber at 479 Ninth St..
Oakland.
HEALD'S Business College, *4 Post St.. 8. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.'
1071H Market St.; examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phone. Mint 287.
BARBER shop for sale; 3 chain. DECKEL-
MAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
. watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold; silver, diamonds.
WANTED— Good Dantsmaker for the country.
Apply to CAMPBELL & BERNSTEIN. 12
Eddy st. ¦**.'¦-• ¦<
3-CHAIR hotel barber shop. United. States
Hotel. 127 Eddy St.; owner going north.
A— TO THE.... GOLD AND SILVER.... MINES
7 miners, single hand work... $75
6 miners, hard rock work... .'.: ..$75
Man to run underground car for a mine. ..$6O
12 laborers (no experience), good mine...
$30 and found
3 firemen for a large mine .....$6O
5 men asfurnace, men for a mine...
$42 and found
6 drillers.- churn drills, near city...". $60
Cook and wife for a small mine.. $50 and found
12 muckers for a mine $48 and found
GREAT CROWDS... MURRAY & READY.
GOING DAILY... 634-636 Clay Bt.
A-HERE'S WHERE.. WE PAY YOUR FARE 3
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS
25 laborers (no experience), you will 5uit......
....- $26 and found
Head donkey man. $50 and found. ..Tall edger
Log sniper. $40 and found; hand, $40 and found
Gang edger man, $2 75 day; boss at our office
Band sawyer who understands steam ' nigger,
$4 day; boss at our office
367 woodchoppers. tlemakers, etc., $2 60. $2,
$1 50. $1. ,75c cord. 10c. lie, 12c each, tools
I)ON'T'MissV.V.y.V.'MURRAY*&"READY!
THESE J085.... 634-636 Clay st.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER * CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Excbge.. 431 Calif.
AUSTIN'S. SaIary Loan Co.. 36* Parrott bulld-
lng — Men can secure loans on personal note.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOUSLEY. 3JI Parrott building.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; special inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated • catalogue
and souvenir free; only institution In the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE K35
Clay st. Branches — San Francisco. New York.
• Bt. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors at
6CHIMMEL & STOVER'S, 408 Sutter St.
OLD gold bought; money loaned on every de-
scription of collateral. Coleman's. (06 Kearny.
MONEY loaned on furniture, piano*, dia-
monds, etc. BRIDGES, 927 Market, room 311.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikln, Reno House oroDrietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2Sc
to COc. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and Sd sts.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
$;0 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
iN furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, 116 •McAllister.
FURNITURE FOR BALB. ' .
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. Kine Furniture Co.. :i?7-uai. Market.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. «30 Market st.
LJNDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 16c to 25c per night. 75c ta $2 per week.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
oiflce; best help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas. Aramorl. £06% Stockton: tel. John JUL
ORPHEUM Employment Of floe — Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell.' near. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHAS LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st.; telephone Jessie 711.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 77J Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment. Office —
Reft h»!r> 414"- O'Fuf-01l «t. ¦ t»l. F.a«t 42«.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
W E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & OO buys
furniture, carpet* 757 M1«»lon: t»l. R«"1 8353.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
WANTED— French butler and valet, $40; pas-
try cook and assist at range." slo to $12 week;
broiler, $60 to $55; restaurant cook, $9 week;
waiters dishwashers and others.' J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.; 628 Sacramento Bt.
WANTED— Experienced shingle sawyer to run
mill by contract ;» see owner- in city.' . J. F.
CROSETT & CO.f 628 Sacramento st. ¦'
HORSE, $20; road buggy. $30; business wagon,
$25; delivery wagon. $35. 19 City Hall aye.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Switzer's
Horse Market. Twelfth and Market sts.
FOR SALE — Gentleman's road horse and bike
busrtry. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. fOS G. O. ay.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
A LARGE NUMBER OF FINS BAJROAIN3
IN STEINWAY.
WEBER. •
CHICKERINO, '
HAJNES BROS..
BUSH & GERT*
ELLINGTON •
AND OTHER PIANOS,
The Hamilton-Bancroft Stock
Recently Purchased by Us.
It will pay you to call and see them.
UPRIGHTS $50 UPWARD.
SQUARES $28 UPWARD.
ORGANS $20 UPWARD.
BYRON MAUZY.
303 POST ST.
HELI' WANTED— FEMAX.H.
C. R. HANSEN & CO .'.....".PH0NE GRANT ISS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....;.....
Waitresses for Fresno, Hanford. Maaera.
Stockton. $20 each; 4 waitresses cl &JP?',.*
chambermaids to wait, $20; 3 chambermaids,
$20' woman cook, $30; fancy lroner, resort,
d . f FAMiLY-bEpXRTMENT"::::::::::
Cooks, houseglrle, second girls and nurses
• looking for places, come and see our lists and
select- a place and if not suited register with
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
YOUNG girl to assist housework and care of
baby, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
ARE you In need of a piano T We have a largs)
assortment bf new and second-hand planoa at
the best makers; sold for caeh or very casr
payments; Jti down and $6 per month for aa
elegant new upright; some good pianos for
$3. $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
A CO.. Stelnway dealers, corner Sutter and
Kearny sts., San Francisco: corner Thirteenth
and Proadway, Oakland.
WANTED — Protestant laundress and chamber-
maid, $30; laundress. $30. Institution: wait-
ress, $20, same place; waitress and pantry
work, $25. Institution; 2 country hotel wait-
resses. $20; chambermaid and. waitress, J2O;
restaurant waitresses, $5. $6 a week; 2 Pro-
testant second girls, $20; German, nurse, fa;
4 nurse girls. $20; cook. $25. country; 5 cooks.
German style. $25. $30; 50 house girls, $20. $.'5.
<!lty. and country. J. F. CROSETT, CO.. 316
, Sutter Bt. . '•":-''- ¦ '¦' "¦
$1500— 42 ROOMS: corner house: $1000 cash or
trade for house and lots. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
sleep
O.
H.
DR.
1359
10BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
Steamer "MonttceUA.**
MON., 'Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9: IS
a. m.; 1:14. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:10 a. m.. S
p. m. ' Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. •
FARE Mo
BEWISU MACHINES A*D SL'iTLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented: re-
. pairing at lowest rates. 20S Fourth' St- ¦ -
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary J. and < Charles ¦E. .Thompson =to New
ton Gray, lot on Nllne of Union street. 123 E
of Buchanan. E 28 by N 137:8; $10. . .
James J. Terry ,¦ to Thomas Terry, lot on E
line of ; Buchanan street,' 108:9 S of Greenwich,
S 20:7H,by E 85:«; 110. > . -
Katha •' E., - Jennie . and ¦ Elisabeth Sandman
to John Bol!man,\lot on N line of Pine street,
181:8 E of Webster. E 25 by N 137:«; HO. - '
' Harry W. Ooodall to Sophie Eggers, lot on
W line of Steiner street, 82:6 S^ of McAllister.
S rt:t by W 105; $10. , . - ¦ . •
'• • Hibernta ¦; Bavliurs '< and ' Loan .. Society ; to * P. f
Flynn, - lot ¦on > W ¦ lin» of Alabama street. 104
8 of Twenty-fourth, 8 28 by.W 100; $1350. >, •.
r i Francis Donohue to John Donohue, tot on SW
corner of Twenty-seventh and Guerrero- streets.
829 by W 100; $1. --^ - ~ ;. v -
.'John bonohue to Ella R. Donohue. same; $10.
" ¦ Charles J. ¦ Nlckerson to ¦ Hugo • Welt*. « lot on
E line of Chattanooga street. 162:8 N of Twen
ty-third; N »2:6 by E 117:8; $10. - ¦ .
~ ¦ Charles > J. : Reed to " Edward Tenborg-, undi
vided ! half of lot on ' 8 line of Twenty-second
(Sierra) street, 25 ; E of Vermont. : E ; 26 by 8
100; $300. »i-.-.;---- ¦'¦;.-<¦¦¦/'.--¦•;¦.'•-•¦: ¦'.¦.•.-.•¦¦¦.¦. - ,
I Solomon and Dors> Oet« to Anthony L. Holder,
lot on B line of .Twelfth avenue, 250 N of Point
Lobos ;N,25 by.E'l2o; $10. . ... •< .^ :
? Mary "'A; ¦ Tobln to Margaret A; Martin. '. lot'
on SW-- corner iof i Twenty-ninth avenue and O
street. 8 600 by W 240; $10. ' c -
Swan ; Peterson to Joseph : P. Dolan, lots , 1198
and, 1198, gift map 2; $10. . -^ , r .,.,
Thomas -> W ,"=; Kathertne ; A., Christopher :C.
and Lily A. Rivers to George and Sophia Ger
genson. lot on 8 line of West Park street, : 100
W of Mission.' ,W, 2s by.B 100,' lot U, block D,
French & Oilman .Tract;', $10. '--..' • . .
Oscar and Maurice - Heyman ¦ to : George . A.
PARENTS OPPOSE
SEWING FOR BOYS
ALAMEDA, ' March 21.— The parents of
Alarheda boys are • not In favor :of the
idea^ of their being taught ¦ sewing in the
public schools. They think that air the
fine embroidery, Hemstitching and drawn
work should • be left , for the girls to | do.
School Director J, R. Sloan stood sponsor
for a- number . of protesting^ parents at a
meeting of the Bpard of Education last
night. I '¦**. • ' : ' ;.j; .j
In the. absence of the necessary, imple
ments with which to establish r manual
training .; in the . schools the principals
sought to ' occupy ! some" of , the time ;of
pupils by introducing sewing. , Pupils, up
to the eighth grade, boys as welt as girls,
receive daily instruction In the gentle art.
Until the school department has a i Buf
flclent appropriation given to it to estab
lish manual | training . the sewing • will ¦be
taught at least among the primary pupils.
The : protests against boys < being ' taught
sewing ' come , principally . from . parents
whose children attend the higher gram
mar grades.- , • . • -
- "I - don't believe S that -boys -should be
compelled -¦ to .do ,¦ sewing.'.V said Director
Sloan. "They do not take kindly to that
sort of thing. The work , is too arduous
for their clumsy fingers and I don't won
der at the complaints. -If we cannot have
manual training we ought to purchase a
few tools at a .; small i expense and -start
the boys on something that . will , be . useful
to their future." : ; « •-• , ; : ; • ? :
As a new course of study is soon to go
into effect which will:make definite pro
vision J regarding ; the , teaching •of s sewing
no action was taken ; upon r the ¦ protests.
In 1 the - meantime the *. boys .will continue
to stitch j and prick holes . in their, fingers.
AMERICAN LINE.
nV YOU. SOUTHiJCPTOX. L09D05. PAXm
Stopptna- at Cherbourg, westbound.
i From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York March 28 j New York April 1*
St. Paul April 4 St. Paul April 25
St. Louis April lit St. Louis May 2
RED STAf* LINE.
New YorK aryi Antwero.
From New York every Wednesday. 13 noon. .
Noordland ...March 2S Westernland ..April IS
Friesland April 4 Kensington ....April 25
Southwark April 11 Noordland ......May 2
EMPIRE LINE.
3. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May 15 and
from Seattle May 24. to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailings. June 30, July 31. Aug. 30.
First and second class passage. No steerag".
For full Information regarding freight and
passage aDply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agents.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
JACOBS— In this city, March 17, 1900, to the
wife of J. Jacobs, a daughter.
FELTER— In this city. March 4, 1900, to the
wife of John Felter, a son.
PEARCE— In Oakland. February 26. 1900, to the
wife of Dr. B. F. Pearce, a daughter.
FRUITVALE FURNISHED COTTAGES.
A LOVELY cottage, furnished, to rent (four
¦ months or longer), to adults only; location
unsurpassed. Inquire "James" Cottage, Fruit-
vale aye., cor. Pleasant St.; electric cars pass
door.
MARKET. 1025— 2 rooms fumlehed for light
. housekeeping, Jfi.
dence, 218 A Bitch street, thenc* to St. Ross's
Church, where services will . be held. ' ¦ Inter-
; ment Holy Cross Cemetery. . .
ECELSEN— Drowned In Grays Harbor, Wash.,
January 18, 1900, Charles W. Ecelsen, beloved
husband iof Tina • Ecelsen, a native of Den-
mark, aged 43 years. A member of Heiga
No. 3, Danla.' (Seattle. Wash., papers please
* copy.) -> ' - - '¦ - ¦ \' . .t - , - ¦ - - • .
E7 Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at S
o'clock, at the Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
EMERY— In this city,' March 20. 1900, Eugene
Emery, beloved eon •of the \ late J. i S. . and
-Olive- C. 'Emery, and brother of Joseph E.
Walter ¦ and Mrs. E. : A. Cascle, a native ,of
Boston. Mass., aged 63 years 6 months and
14 days. • J '¦. . ' .' ¦ ;
ItyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, , from James Hagan's
undertaking parlors, 445 Valencia street. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery..
ENGELKE— In : this city, March 20, UOO, Au-
• gust beloved husband of Elizabeth Engelke,
and father of Emma, * Leontine, August,
Charles. Albert. Ella, Willie and Gertie En-
gelke, a native of Hanover. Germany, aged
55 y*-ars 3 months and 20 days. ; -
IC?" Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited i'-'. attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Friday), at 2 o'clock,- from his late resi-
< dence, 1817 Stockton street, \between Green-
wich and Lombard. Interment •I. O. Or r.
¦ Cemetery. .
ENNIS— In San Rafael. March 21,- 1900, Mrs.
Eliza Ennls. beloved sister of Mrs. M. Stap-
penback, Mrs. E. Schwlesan and Philip Klara,
. a native of - Germany, aged 62 years' and »
months.
IC^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), atl o'clock, from her late '¦ resi-.
' dence corner of . First and' B streets.; In-
terment Mount Tamalpais Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this . city. March 20, 1900.
Elizabeth, dearly beloved daughter of Mary
and the late Patrick Gallagher, and beloved
sister of Mrs/ Charles Wilson and Patrick and
Thomas Gallagher, a native of San Francisco,
¦ aged 23 years 1 month and 14 days.
r^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day.
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late reßl-
dence 168V4 Silver street, between Third and
' Fourth, thence to St. Rose's Church; where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. . Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GALLICK— In this city, March 21, 1900, Nico-
laus dearly beloved son of Nicolaus and
Mamie Gallick, a native of San . Francisco,
aged 1 month and 1 day.
GERHARD— In San Anselmo, March 20, 1900,
Frederick G., dearly beloved husband of Au-
g usta Gerhard, and father of George W. and
August L. Gerhard, a native of Frankfort-on-
the-Main. Germany, aged 89 years 10 months
' and 12 days.
HARTNETT— In this city, March 20, 1900,
Michael Hartnett. beloved father of Mrs.
' Annie Sullivan and James and Julia Hart-
- nett. a native of County Cork, Ireland.
(DTThe . funeral will take place % this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 343 Jessie street, thence . to St. . Pat-
rick' s Church," where a requiem high mass
'will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
HELLQUIST— In this city, March 'St 1900,
Charles Adolph Hellquist, son of Captain M.
A and Mrs. Annie Hellqulst. and brother of
Robert and Harold Hellqulst, a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 years 6 months and 6 days.
KAPPLER— In this city, March 21, 1900, J. E.
Kappler, a native of Switzerland, aged 64
years. ¦
KIRAKICHI-In this city, March M. 1900. Hl-
- rano Klraklchl, a natlva of Japan, aged IS
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KULSTRUM — In Rockport, Mendoclno County,
Cal., March 14. 1900. Alexander Kulstrum, a
native of Finland, aged 28 years.
• E7"Frlends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Odd Fellows'. Cemetery.
KYNE— In Butte. Mont., March 16. 1900. Pat-
¦ rick beloved husband of Elizabeth Kyne, and
brother of John and Mary W." Kyne, a na-
tive of Headford, County Galway, Ireland. .
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers,' 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
' a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of- his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city, March 21. 1900, John
Lynch, a native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
%jr Notice of funeral hereafter.
McGOVERN— In the City and County Hospital,
March 20. 1900, Edward MeGovern. a native of
¦ Louisiana, aged 66 years.
MEARNS— In this city, March 20, 1900, sud-
denly, George Mearns, beloved husband of
Elizabeth Mearns, and father of Mrs. T. R.
Finley and George S. Mearns, a native of
Scotland, aged 76 years.
ITTFrlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the First
Presbyterian Church, corner of Sacramento
street and Van Ness avenue. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. -— •»
MILUSKY— In this city. March 13. 1900, Caro-
lina, dearly beloved and only child of Paul
and Annie Milusky, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 months.
MUI.iL.ER— In the City and County' Hospital.
March 21, ISOO, Julius Muller, a native of
Germany, aged E6 years.
NICHOLS— In Oakland, March 20, 1900, Grace
A beloved wife of C, E. Nichols, and mother
ofLeo L. and Harry B. Nichols, a nattve of
New Brunswick, Canada, aged 66 years 1
month and 3 days. (Bt. John, N. 8.. papers
please copy.) ; •
C?"Frtends are resuectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence. 564
Twenty-fourth street. Oakland. Interment
private. -
O'BRIEN— In this city. March 21! 1900. Michael,
beloved -husband of the late Margaret
O'Brien, and beloved father of Mrs. F. Nich-
ols and Maggie and the late Julia O'Brien, a
native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 70 years
and « days.
RICKERBY— In this city, March 20, 1900. Alice
Blossett, beloved wife of William Rickerby,
and beloved mother of Mrs.-W. Ferns, Mrs.
J. H. Knarston and Alexander T. 8.. Wil-
liam J. and Florence B. Rlckerby. aged 64
years. (Omaha and New York City papers
¦please copy.) - ' ¦
[CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1228 Treat avenue, thence by electric
funeral car at corner of Thirtieth street and
San Jose avenue, at 1:45 o'clock. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. . .
BALICE— In this city. March 20, 1900. Annie,
dearly beloved and only child of John and
Sarah Salice. a native of Santa Cruz, aged
1 year 2 months and 7 days.
SHANNON— In this city, March 20, 1900, at
Wellesley Hotel, corner California and Lar-
kin streets, Anna C. Shannon, aged 85 years.
SULLIVAN— In this city. March 20, 1900, Tim-
othy Bull Ivan, a native of County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 65 years. • , '
ICTRemalns at the parlors of J. C O'Con-
nor & Co.. 787 Mission street.
SWEENEY— In this city, March 20. 1900, Cor-
nelius, beloved husband of Ellen Sweeney,
and brother of Dennis' Sweeney, a native of
the Dorish of Tulough, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 35 years. % ,
' (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, ¦ from his late resi-
dence, 736 Tehama street, between Eighth
and Ninth," thence to , St. Joseph's t Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. . ¦ - y..
WINFIELD-ROBINSON— In this ' city, March
21, 1000,- Mrs. Catherine Winfteld-Robinson,
dearly beloved mother of; Edward F.i and
James' Winfleld. a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 60 years 8 months and 6 days. ;•
(ET'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
ROEBER MEETS
HIS MUSTER
ON THE MAT
Olsen, the Danish Wrestler,
Defeats the American
Champion.
Each Obtains One Fall, but the Euro
pean Giant Succeeds in Dig- •
abling His Smaller
Adversary.
NETW TORK, March 21.— Beck Oloen of
Copenhagen "met^ Ernest Roeber, the
champion heavy-weight wrestler of Amer
ica, at Madison-square Garden to-night
In a Graeco-Roman match for, the world's
championship, and Olsen was : declared
the ¦victor by Referee Sara Austin.
This match differed from recent contests
of this order, Inasmuch as It was to all
Intents and purposes "on V the. level."
Roeber ' gained the - first fall In twenty
minutes and twenty-four seconds with a
half-Nelson hold. The ' Dane won the
next, fall, which proved to be the last, by
a front body hold and throw. .Roeber was
unable to come to the center at the call
of time after a ten-minute Intermission
and Olsen , therefore, was given tlie
match. .
-Olsen looked big enough to eat Roeber,
but .was very nervous. Bob Fltzslmmons
was one of Roeber's seconds. Soon after
they shook hands the Dane secured a
wrist hold, which Roeber broke in twenty
seconds. Both then' secured wrist locks,
but neither held on for more than a min
ute. Roeber. finally got a strangle hold,
and with a back lock threw Olsen to the
floor on all fours. Then Roeber tried to
?;et a half-Nelson, but failed,' as -th* big
ellow sprang -to hiß feet. After *H>m<j
fiddling Roeber dropped to the mat pur
posely. Olsen secured a three-quarter
Nelson on Roeber, but Ernest broke away
from it by spinning. Roeber then floored
his man and attempted .a half-Nehion,
which was broken after a few seconds
work, and both men struggled to * their
feet. Roeber's arms encircled Olsen's
waist, and the Dane In his efforts to break
this hold appeared to be attempting to
dislocate each of Roeber's thumbs.
Roeber's efforts to maintain his hold
caused the blood to rush to his head and
his eyes to. bulge from their sockets. The
Dane's nose bled profusely because' of his
exertions.
Olsen Forces the Attack.
Shortly afterward Olsen obtained a
half-strangle hold, which was broken, and
Roeber treated a three-quarter Nelson
similarly. The German then took up the
work and got a half-Nelson on the. Dane,
which the latter broke quickly. Then fol
lowed a succession of half-Nelsons gained
by the Dane, but all of them were broken.
Olsen persisted in forcing the attack for
fully live minutes before Roeber got' a
chance to work on the offensive.
With the Dane, on the mat Roeber
winked at his seconds and smiled confi
dently.. His carelessness caused him to
very nearly fall into a strangle hold, out
of which he spun. Roeber's hands became
dyed with blood which flowed from the
Dane's nose and he repeatedly wiped them
on the mat bo that he might get a good
hold. Roeber's efforts to encircle the
Dane's body with both arms proved fruit
less and Oi3en, with seemingly little ef
fort, pulled himself loose. After each
mlxup Olsen presented both arms In a
confident manner, as if inviting attack.
He grappled the German with a two-arm
necklock. which Roeber spun out of.
Immediately afterward followed a sen
sation. Roeber obtained an arm-and
neck hold, which pinned Olsen with right
Bhoulder and ' hip to the floor.- There
seemed to be ; no escape for the big fellow,
as Roeber. still maintaining his hold, re
peatedly Jumped a foot into the air, land
ing each time on the Dane's body and left
shoulder with terrific force. Olsen broke
the hold, only to fall a victim to another,
Roeber- securing a half-Nelson, which
slowly but surely forced the. bigger. man
to succumb, and Roeber. gained the first
fall, in twenty minutes twenty-four sec
onds. .","• - ' - •
Roeber left the ring for a rub-down dur
ing a ten-minute intermission, but Olsen
remained in the ring and was attended to.
there by his seconds, • • ,
Roeber Shows His Cleverness.
Opening the second round, the prelimin
ary play was brief. Olsen attempted to
gain a .necklock, - which* Roeber easily
evaded. The Dane's efforts seemed di
rected to throwing Roeber over his shoul
der.' Roeber dropped to the floor and
after a little work Olsen' obtained a full
necklock. which Roeber wriggled out of
immediately, putting Olsen on the defen
sive. Ernest's offensive tactics were of
short duration, as Olsen again obtained a
necklock, . which Roeber broke cleverly.
Directly after this the house went" wild
over Roeber's aggressive work 'as he
chased the big fellow all over the ring in
his efforts to obtain a hold, to the evident
worriment of the Dane. The latter gained
another necklock, which Roeber success
fully broke, and Olsen followed with an
arm-and-neck hold, which; put- Roeber in
jeopardy. . . ; :
The German was being slowly pushed
over, the Dane bearing down on him, but
to the surprise of the Dane's followers
Roeber , wriggled out of the hold. Roeber
was equally successful during the next
minute, making a beautiful head spin in
evading what looked like a certain fall.
Roeber then took up the offensive, mak
ing repeated efforts to get a body hold
on the big man so as to- throw him down
and he was finally successful. He secured
a one-arm hold and tried to get a half-
Nelson .on tho right side. The Dane
worked himself out of the difficulty and
took up the work. This did not last more
than . five seconds as ' Roeber suddenly
Jumped for . his man and endeavored to
obtain a neck hold to throw the Dane
over his head from his shoulder. The
Dane came right bs,ck and after grappling
the German with a front body hold picked
Roeber up and threw him on his back to
the floor with great force. The Dane
then fell on top- of his man with 1 his full
weight, and having the right shoulder
pinned tt became but a question of a few
seconds when ' Roeber should succumb.
The referee tapped Olsen. < on- the back,
signifying that ¦ the .Dane had gained a
fall. Time 14 minutes 30. seconds. ' .
¦ . Defeated Man Badly Injured.
Roeber lay -on his back and had to be
carried in a limp condition to his corner,
where two doctors were summoned 'to at
tend the German, who seemed to be in
jured severely. :
Roeber claimed to have = : sustained a
fractured rib on the right side. The doc
tors who examined him said that he might
be Internally Injured, but that no ribs
were broken. They refused to permit him
to continue .the bout. : Olsen was there
upon declared the ; winner -while Roeber
sat in his corner, crying like a child.
Bob Fitzsimmons then jumped Into the
ring, : . and," while admitting Roeber's de
feat, challenged the Dane •on behalf of
the German for another match : for $1000.
THE SAN FRANCISCOX CALL., THURSDAY^ MARCH 22, 1900.
LARGE dry store-rcom to rent; ; very ; cheap.
730 Chestnut 'st. ?^;
UNI • Et> UDrRIAKEKjj;
27 and 23 FIFTH ; ST. TEL.-. SOUTH • 167."
FUNERAL DIRECTORB ¦ AND i- EM-
BALMERS,
Finest: Equipment at Moderate Rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
:pany, 2320 Fllimore st.; 'phone Jackson 2SI.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.:
tel. South EM; packing, moving and storage.
Killed by a Fall.
SK ATTLE,-; March « 21— J. i M. % Falkner,
foreman of the ; wholesale department of
Stewart & Holmes, druggists here. Jump
ed for an ascending ; elevator at > the sec-*
ond ' story, missed It and I fell to the base
ment. He died In an hour.t .. -
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
T DOMESTIC PORTS.. v
ASTORIA— SaiIed March Jl— Stmr Despatch.
for San - Francisco. -'"'•
. NEWPORT tS)— Sailed March 21— Stmr Aber
deen, for Ean Francisco, j *.: •
EASTERN PORT, r
NEW 'YORK— Arrived March 13— Bark 8t
James, from Hongkong. , to load for San Fran
cisco. < » l sfl@!K*Bflp*S | '* aß S*^* B '^SSBBSSSBSf*(tt|jfcg|ff|Bjj
.¦ FOREIGN PORTS..
: MONTEVIDEO— SaiIed March .10— Ger stmr
Tanls. for Hamburs- '
-YOKOHAMA— Arrived -.March ¦ I*— Jao stmr
Rio Jun Maru. from SeatOe. '¦-¦ '-...-../
'¦ Sailed March 18— Jap stmr Rio Jun Maru. for
Hongkong. March 20— Br stmr Monmouthshire,
for ' Portland. Or. ;.- March - 21— Br stmr . Doric,
for 6an - Francisco. •;; -- . _, '
NAGASAKI— Arrived March 21— Br stmr Tar
tar, from Manila, for San Francisco. ,* « - ,;. 4
HONGKONG — Arrived ? March 21— Br stmr
"Empress of China, from Vancouver.
; MAZATLAN— Arrived March 19— Schr > C*ar,
hence March 3. ". . * ¦
NANAlMO— Arrived March 20— Haw stmr San.
Mateo, from Port Los Angeles. • . .
- GUAYMAS-=-Salled i March 19— Stmr Curacao.
for San Francisco. . ' " • -
OCEAN STEAMERS. .
S. NEW YORK— Arrived March 21— Stmr Ten- ¦
tonic," from : Liverpool; stmr Darmstadt. ' from
-; sailed' March 21— Stmr Cevlc, for \ Liverpool :
atmr Victoria, for Genoa, etc; stmr Oceanic,
for Ll veraool : . stmr ! Kensington. •, tor Antwerp.
via Southampton.-'-^^^w*^ ••¦- |j \u iß| IH issiTrt^sji stf
.YOKOHAMA— SaiIed March 21— Stmr > Mon
mouthshire,' from Hongkong, for Portland.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed : March - 21 — Stmr
Saale, from Bremen, for New, York, "
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brann an streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG. MARU Saturday. March 3t
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 23
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May v
Round-trip : tickets •at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St.. corner First.
W.H. A VERY. General Agent.
fn tm ft AHA The S. 8. Marlpc.,
flkUllli sails via Honolulu and
[•t**"** Auckland for Sydn-y
m j^—^ Wednesday. March 1\
o^lMllNllDv n * 8 - S - Australia
GflUlllUiliy .^,5, for Honolulu
_. ¦;.<sin.o3fU*-SSf»5^ L iV" *•
Favorite ¦ line around th* world vta Hawaii.
garnet. ' Nsw - Zealand. Australia, India, Sues,
England, etc ; $tlo first class.
«. 0. srncCatLS a tShIo.CO.. Acts.. 114 Mcntaomen
Pitt 7. Foot Pacific St Freight 0if1«.327 Market St
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
!?££££§ /"Jf^? 8 - =d-h»n<l machinery. Mc-
-IMP.g H & reOLPMAX. 195-U7 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ter» linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
*t., above Pixth. -• ?»,,.
BARS counters, .showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, sola and exchanged. 1063 Mission et!
**~ H - F - n-iarine pas engine, complete; 6-H P
marine gas engine. H. S. White. £18 Mission!
BAR and back bar; a bargain. Kl9 Jackson
ft.. r>et. Kearny «. and Montgomery aye.
HIGH-ARM Plnper sewing machine; good con-
dition; complete : cheap. ISIS Mission st
n«rj Fifteenth. .-'.*v.~;
FOR sale at a bargain— 26-ton *chooner yacht
with fixtures and fittings complete; in flrst-
c!as* condition. For particulars address box
S"TI. Call office.
JO-FOOT easoline launch for sale cheap- 9U
horsepower * r.jrjne: full cabin; electric lights!
A<lflro» bex 3070. Call office.
•NHW and F^cnd-hand slot machtnes bought
and noia. W. C. BENTHAM. ISS2 Market gt.
A- -BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en- \
srvHTTgLißrnf Wr^" 11 '- vaii ° rm -
CAJ=H r««ri*ters, wcond hand, of every <s<"BCrtp-
tion bought, cold. ejcchanired and repairea.
iy*> MisMnn rt.. b»fn«^n Ninth and Tenth.
r:r>lP<">N concert phonograph, price reduced to
IJ0O: cencen rercrds. J2 l\ BACIGALUPI.
??.: Market n.. Fan Francisco. ,
A FINK t\i:r. $10; drew pants, $2 75. BROWN-
nr.^g. CLOTHING. 437 Montgomery st.
AUTOMATIC M-wlng machine; oak woodwork;
latot attachments: cheap. 145 Sixth st.
A— n K> DERrtY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Prlre Hatters, 830 Kearny ft., nr. Pine.
A 10-TON Fairbanks rrale and flre and burg-
lar rxo"f *afe. 216 California st.
10.008 FEFT new rubtxa- belting, half prtc»!
ROUT. BRAND & CO.. £27 Third ft.. Oakland.
SA FF.S- N>w iind Kecr. n d hand. THE HER-
MAXN' SAFE CO.. 417-43 Sacramento st.
BEOOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
Ur rroof safe; cheap. 42 Main et.
FAKKP. now and secend hand, all elzee. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE «-»lded etlcker: 1 planer and matcher: I
n!r compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
BOILEP.S. entrine*. flrill presses, planes, lathes,
Iron & ¦n-o'vrl: li-hanfl. J. PI'RKE. IJ9 B*ale.
MISCIiLLA.NBOI S WANTS.
WANTED — X portable double circular saw-
mill, capacity 10.000 feet, new or s»cond hand.
anfl * 10 horsepower portable engine, B. C
GANPNER. Qulney. Pluma* County. Cal.
ASTONISHING prices for ladies' and [rents'
cast -off clothing, etc.; don't sell until you
I's.t. my ofTer. Postar. M. Nathan. 10 Sunmer.
WANTED— Peeond-hsnd upright piano for
c«fh H. L. WHTTrHrAD. 1710 Market st.
OFFICES AND STORES— TO LBxT
CORNER grocery and bar; 3 living rooms;
fixtures to suit tenant; building nearly new.
NW. corner of Eighth and Natoma sts.
EUTTER, 1148 — Nice sunny corner suite; occu-
pied by a doctor laet 10 years; modern Im-
provements.
JIS— SUITE of fine sunny offices; newly reno-
vatfd. St Qeary tt. - •¦¦r:--,r.
SX — STORE: 2 ehow-wlndows and 5 large rooms;
aflapteti to any business. 42? Sixth et.
PALMISTRY.
liisr. Neergaard, Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to i. €16 Geary, nr. Jone«.
PERSONALS.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
EDW. BFLLE — Oudry. photographic Paris-
ienne. Entrance on Thirteenth et., near Wash-
. inrtcn. Oakland.
THE very neatest parlors in the city and only
2Sc for the very latest hair styles; manicur-
ing. rSe: op»>n Sundays, 8 to 12. G. LEDERER,
IT3 ST'vkton St.
LEDERHR'S Quintonica Hair Tonic 35c bot.
and Lederer's Foamo Shampoo 6c pkg. art
jnrz what I>derer uses at 123 Stockton st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates;
10 > ears' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
ASTHMA cure gives r>erfect relief. Call or
address N. A. DILLON. 132» Vallejo et.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HOHN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden St.. Oakland.
A FINE suit to order $10 75, or pants $3 75: our
epeeialty in remnants allows us to sell cheap-
er than reaay-ir.a<!<». L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
«., bet. 7th and Sth. prop. One-price Tailor-
ing Co.. t32 Kearny. near Sacto.; also 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas.
EI-ECTRIC li«rhts In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third rt.. near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 &0 per night: $160 to 16 per week;
fre* bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ELAND'S second-hand clothing store. 7» Ninth:
full value given fcr ladles', children's catt-oS
clcthinr. trunks, etc. Phone. Howard 1182.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ra!?ia: all pa!n leaves like magic from her <
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard it. '
WANTED— OId cold for manuf'g. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. US O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
IF ycu wirh full value fcr your ca«t-off cloth-
in« call on B. Cohen. IS7 Third: tel Black 4123.
LADIES' and rents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Ptlverman. PM Folsom; tel Folsom 1191.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
roots ¦ H. M. HEtN'EMAN'. 109 Sansome St.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
PR C. C.O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
JtlH Market st bet. Slrth and Seventh.
PLI'MIIISRS.
W. E. LANE, phone Main 211. 601 California
et.: »v»rvb<i4y*» plumber.*
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE.
A.' M. 6PECK & ' CO. """"""" ~~~
L/can Money. "S?JH
ft: Market et.. opposite Kearny.
$$0,000 — Grand corner. 75 ft. front; half block
from Market st., not far from 6th; rents $300.
$ys.noo— Rare investment; vicinity Powell and
Geary: 4-story brick building; stores and lodg-
ing h<-,u*# above; 26 feet front.
$45.000— Corner: rents $400; modern Improve-
ments: lot KxlS', feet.
$28.500 — Near Ed4y and Jones; store and 26
roonre above; modern: pays 7 per cent net.
U4. <W>— Bixth st.; 75 feet front; rents $2400
yearly; rood buildings; 4 stores.
JMKXV— Six elegant new flats: lot £oxloo ft.:
all rented for $S4 a month; grand bargain.
$7650 — Six pood fiats; rents $9GO yearly; down-
town: lot 60 feet front.
jc.r/i — 2 choice flats; Hayes Ft.; mortgage
$4000: a snap.
$!t r *— Corner store and *-room flat: rents $37;
foreclosure.
$31 M>— 4 flats ¦within few blocks of frth and
Market *ts.: rents $35.
$I7T-<>— Two n!ce flats; rents $18 £0.
•$7M>— six rooms and lot 45x72 feet.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6CT Market gt.
MT'FT sell— Facing panhandle; Fell st. boule-
vard, the handsome corner building arranged
In 2 houses of S and 11 rooms, with porcelain
battle, electlrc lights, small barn; No. 15$g
Fell st. and 400 Central aye. Make offer at
A. M. SPECK A CO.'S. 6C7 Market Bt.
ROL CETZ A BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Others secure bargains from us! Why not you?
CHOICEST RICHMOND LOTS!
%£A to $aOO— Ready to build on: installments.
BUNSET LOTS.
1500 to $*oO— Graded and sewered; superb
view; $10 monthly.
$150 to $400— Near Nineteenth aye. and Ocean'
boulevard lots from H to O sc: $5 monthly.
$100 to $T»— Level lots, near Mission street
electric riLT line; also cheap cottages on ln-
(tallments. 'Smß
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
a'filfc l LETOX. 272 Eadowa St., Ocean View.
his the noct desirable and cheapest homes
In Fan Francisco.
ITU) for f--room cottage; Plymouth aye.
$*nn buys a nice 4-room cottage; lot 2AxI2S.
jgt^—^lce house; 2 lots, £0x125: bargain.
jsoo— 4 rooms, bath, hot and cold water, etc
n°oo— Elegant cottage on Broad st.
$1300 each— 2 lovely cottages: lot 25x200 each.
The above property ls located on the choic-
est Ftreets in Ocean View; streets graded; B.
¦ v. water, etr.. and within 4 minutes' walk of
street cars; also n* w t-room house, all, mod-
ern improvements, 45 Prospect aye.. near Mls-
sion-st. power house; cost $2000: will sell for
$1600 on ess*}- terms. Nice building lots near
the cars from $100, $200 and $390 each: can be
bourht en Installments or for cash. Cottages
'or rent and rents collected. .¦ . - ¦
MODERN house. 7 rooms, bath, sunny: lot 30x
122 :«: Shotwell. near Twentieth. HENRY
FEIGE, owner and builder. 1024 Capp et.
IF you have lots In Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wlch to sell quickly then
call en W. J. GUNN. MO California st.
HAVE you real estate in the Mission or Hor-
ror's Addition that you wish to dispose of
then call on W. J. GUNN. t3O California st.
COTTAGE— S rooms, bath, basement, stable; hi
block from Market st. Apply 2403 Folscm et.
BAN ANTONIO, 21 Taylor, near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture; hot and cold water: radiators; salt
pea baths; suites and single rooms.
DIED.
Anderson. Allen 8. ' Klraklchl, Hlra.no ;
Becker, Joseph Kulstrum. Alexander
Bell. Gertrude H. Kyne. Patrick *i
Carroll, Michael Lynch, John
Coons, Albert M. MeGovern. Edward
Cronln. Maßgle Mearns. George
Dirks. Sarah L. ¦ Milusky, Carolina '
Dyes. Minnie ¦ Muller, Julius
Ecelsen, Charles W. Nichols, Grace A.
Emery, Eugene O'Brien, Michael
Engelke. August Rlckerby, Alice B.
Ennls. Mrs. Ellia Salice, Annie
Gallagher. Elizabeth Shannon. Anna C.
Gallick, Nicolaus Sullivan, Timothy
Gerhard. Frederick G. , Sweeney. Cornelius
Hartnett. Michael ¦ Winfleld - Robinson.
Hellquist, Charles A. Mrs. Catherine
•Kappler, J.E. ' -.. V.* : : .' : •'
ANDERSON— In this city, March 21, 1900. Allen
S., dearly beloved and only son of Allen M.
and Gertrude Anderson, and brother of Ruth
and Ha2el Anderson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 6 months and 10 days.
BECKER— In this city, March 20. 1900. Joseph
- Becker, dearly beloved husband of Anna
Catharina Becker, and beloved father of Mrs.
Jacob H. Schneider, Mrs. George Hlldebrant
and Emily, " Joseph Jr.. Victor and Louis
Becker, a native of Westphalia, Germany,
aged 85 years.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 262 Linden avenue, between Franklin
and Gough streets, thence to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, near Jones
Btreet, where' a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ¦
BELL— In Alameda, March 20. 1900, Gertrude
H. Bell, beloved niece of the late John and
Mary H. 'Apel, a native of Todlngton, Bed-
fordshire, England, aged 34 years.
(C7"Notice of funeral to-morrow.
CARROLL— In Redwood City, March, Bl, 1900,
Michael Carroll, beloved • husband of Ellen
•Carroll, a 'native of Maerum, County Cork,
Ireland, ased 77 years.
(CT* Funeral from his late residence to-mor-
• row (Friday). A solemn high mass at Mount
Carmel Church at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Menlo Park.
COONS— In Berkeley. March -21, 1900,' of diph-
theria. Albert Marsh Coons, beloved son of
Albert J. and Bertha' E. Coons, a native of
Fan Francisco, aced 8 years 5 months and 10
days. ' ' ' ? •
ItyFuneral this day (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of the parents,
180OiShattuck avenue, ¦ Berkeley.
CRONIN— In this city. March 21, 1900, Maggie
Cronln. beloved daughter of Michael J. and
Annie M. Cronln, and sister of Annie Cronln,
a native of Ean Francisco, '¦ aged 1 month and
*"lC7The , funeral will ] take' place UAmorrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the. residence of
the parents. Interment' private,- in '.Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DIRKS— In - this - city, March 20, 1900, Sarah
Louisa Dirkß, beloved wife of, John J.. Dirks,'
. beloved mother of 'Louisa Charlsan. and
daughter of Johana Murry. a. native of Cali-
fornia,*aged 40 years. and" 6 months. . uv.
• (C7Friends arid acquaintances are" respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,"
March 24, from ' the < mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, ¦ 2425 Mis-
plon street, near Twenty-first, thence to St.*
James Church, where services will be said at
1 o'clock. Interment . Mount . Calvary Ceme-
tery- X ' '¦'-
DYES— In this city, March 20, 1800. Minnie,
wife of the late - John ¦ J. •' Dyes,' a natlva of
County Cork. Ireland, 1 , aged 38 years;
. C7 Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully i invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-'
ROYAL HOUSE. 12« Ellis sU— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60: week. $2
to $S; month, $8 to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House, 31» & 321 Ellis st— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
MARRIED.
BURNETT— MITCHELL— In Santa Clara, Cal./
March 8, 1900, by Justice of the Peace I. Her-
rington, G. W. Burnett of San Francißco and
Marjory 8. Mitchell of Edna, San Luis Ob-
lspo County, Cal. '
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— New furnished bay
window room. $1 per week; t ran si ent^
MISSION, 1429, near Tenth— Bay-window front
suite; fancy mantle; running water; .new car-
pet; only $12.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
J Cafferey, Cal
F P Watson. S Jose
E J Splllman. N V
M J Kersey, S Jose
S P Baker, Chgo
I L Well. N V * ,
G W Lohr. N V
F A Scovitl, Seattle
E H Ixihn. Cal
O Klrecher & w, Cal
T Flint, San Juan
L Sugden. N V
J Frye. N V
D C Alken, Pittsburg
W H P.revort, N V
J J Daly & w, N Y«
J X Phillips & w. N V
M P Colt. Lima
W R Gantz. NY.
W G Ells. Phila
Mrs W G Ells. Phila
H J Kraus, N V %;
J A Smith, Ohio
Mrs J A Smith, Ohio
Mrs J Dwyer. Detroit
G L Dwyer, Detroit '
Miss Smith, Ohio
H F Billings. Chgo
Mrs H F Billings, Chg
C E Sherman, N V
Mrs C E Sherman, N V
R P Davie, . Colorado
E Cahlll, N V
Mrs E Cahlll. N V
GRAND HOTEL.
R Dollar. San Rafael
E Wilson. Oakland
H I Wledem, Stanford
H L'West, Stockton
S WlHey. San Jose
B R Banning; Oakland
B Myer, Albuquerque
F P Noble. Cal
P H Lacy, Cal
W Murray, Pleasanton
W Vanderbllt, Cal
W Martin Cal - .
J W Keegan. Sta Rosa
W H Fish Jr. Oakland
E Whlpple, Decoto
L Morrison, Palo Alto
F M Hultman, Omaha
H C Veatch. Orovllle
J Gregory & w, Mich
G F Procher & w. Cal
C H Lewis.' Portland
M S Jamison. N,Y
G E Fraser. Canada
R Tuanhlll • Jr, L Ang
M Bradley, NY." ;
E L Emery, Wyo
Mrs p W.Holden. Cal
Mrs Wakeneld. Wash
A Cook 4 w. Ohio
R Gardner & w. Mo
H Regnart & w, Cal
Mrs J W Browning, Cal
T R H.of er, Carson
NEW ; WE^TI
W Ross. Vallejo
M Moran. Texas •- >*
Z E Buckner. S Rosa
O W Hall. Kansas
J Thimm. Paso Robles
C Wilson. Fresno •
G Levy, Callstoga
L Oliver.' Stockton B
j B Arnlot. « Astoria p •
LEAVENWORTH. 1015— Three rear connecting
unfurnished rooms; bath; rent $10.
HOWARD, 1313— Nicely furnished single front
room. ' .
PALACE HOTEL.
J Spalchauer, N V
G H Barbour, Detroit
Mrs G H Barbour. De
troit
E S Barbour. Detroit
Miss F. Barbour, Mich
A C Anderson. Chgo
W P Morgan. N V
Mrs W P Morgan. N V
LA Thebean. Texas
Mrs L A Thebean, Tex
R A McCurdy. Cal
Mrs H A McCurdy. Cal
Dr D P Pease. N V
C V Nellamy. N V
E O Miller. Visalla
C E Metzger. N V
W A Morey, Chgo
E Puerari. Mexico
Mrs E Puerari,. Mcx
C W Clifton, NY
J W Boyd, NY'
E J Ruhl. Mich
A Ruhl. Mich
F M Moors,- Los Anc
T Brann, Chgo
Mrs T Brann. Chgo
Dr A C Leggat, Mont
Mrs R F Leggat. Mo
i Miss R F Leggat. Mo
.Mrs W E Stockton. 11l
Miss Stockton, 111
Miss E F Ward, 111
A Knab, Cincinnati
J W Hare. Reddlnic
B J Phillips. Cal
G W Pierce, Cal
S N Cross. Stockton
W James, Stockton
W H de Vahn, S Rafl
8 Crowder, Vancouver
W E Drake, Chicago
J M McGee, Orovllle
C Kaufman & w. 11l
Mrs Levlngston. 11l
W J Kelly. Sta Roea
C W Eastin. Modesto
J McCudden. Vallejo
Miss McCudden. Vallej
C S Preston & w, Wash
Mrs M H West, Chieag
H White. San Rafael
W ¦ Jackson. . Sacto" '
D,W Harrier. Vallejo
Mm D Murphy, Salinas
C Gorman. Denver • •
J L Stevenson. Ls Ang
FT Eaton & w. 111
M Franklin. N V
C A Rockwell, L» Ang
Mrs H RHowal. la
Mrs Treat, Cal
F Zepera. Mexico -
A F Smith , Cal ¦
O R Morris/ Sulsun
W C Chlsholm & w. C*l
:RN. HOTEL.
R E Cadlsan. Modesto
J H Taggart & w. 111
J M Gregory & w.Mlch
F Hopkins, Stockton
B Mallett. Stockton
A E Lee. Ohio
J Lemons, L Angeles
H Jullen. Chicago
T Chandler. Chlco
FOLSOM. 965. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single; new mgmt.
CLARA. 166. near Fifth— 3 rooms to rent: rent
17 60.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
George M. Mathls, 24, Santa Rosa, and Maude
M. Isaacs, 18, Russian River.
James J. Rockwell, 48, city, and Maria
Baumgartner, 87. San Luis Oblspo.
Adolph Thieler. 29, 29 Bruce place, and Anna
Eberltzasch, 25. 348 Fifth street.
Louis Creyer. 24. 1953 O'Farrell street, and
Flora Crai«r. 20, 10WA Golden Gate avenue.
John Bradley. 40, 312 Mason street, and Sadie
E. Lantr, 3S, Oaks House, Third street.
Daniel Keating. 32, 2114 Mason street, and
Hanorah Hallahan. 26. 119 Sixth street.
Blrtle A. Fisher. 21, Stockton, and Katherlne
Manley, 19, Stockton.
James L. Jensen, 82, city.- and Hilda John-
Bon, 32. city. _; !¦__»
CALIFORNIA. 2531—2 elegantly furnished par-
lors, to suit tenant: cheau.
CALIFORNIA, 705 (St, Peter's House)— New
house, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
BURNETT. 14M Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 103 (50
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will b« payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market street, on and after Mon-
day. Aorll 2, 1900. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, March 27, 1900, at S p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES;
BRYANT, 1101, cor. of Ninth— Two front fur-
niched rooms, one a parlor, cheap.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
OCEAN TBAVEH
Walters, lot on E tin* of Andover street. ISO
S of Crescent avenue. S 23 by B 79. lot 138,
Holllday map A: $10.-
Catherine M. and \. llliam Hawkins to Wil
liam J., Joseph X.. Herbert L. and Emily A.
Hawkins, lot on E line of Webster street, 62:8
N of Hermann N 25 by E 87:6; gift.
Michael Hogran to Johanna Hogan, lot on NE
corner of Chestnut and Flllmore streets, N M
by E 100; also lot on S line of Lombard street.
137:6 E of Flllmore. E 137:8 by S 120; gift.
Joseph K. Hawkins to William J.. Emily A.
and Herbert L. Hawkins, undivided three
fourths of lot on E line of Baker street, 110 S
of Page. S 27:8 by E 120:10%; gift. .
Citizens' Building and Loan Association to
Louis Friedlander, lot on N line of Halght
street,. 220 W of Baker, W 27 by N 137:8; $5100.
. Annie Lycett and Bertha Fivke (wife of
Charles), lot on SW line of Eleventh street, 305
SE of Folsom. SE SO. SW 64:10 4-5, NW 30:03%.
NE 66:10% $10.
Robert E. and Eliza E. Dickinson to John L.
Prior, lot on W line of Guerrero street, 61 S of
Twenty-first, S 34 by W 117:6: *10. •
* Nora and Thomas J. Curley to Henry A. Ar
nold,, lot on N line of Twenty-eighth street, 280
W of Guerrero, W 55 by N 114; also lot on E
line of Stevenson. 217 8 of Twentieth, 3 21 by
E 75; $10. ¦ •-.¦
Builders' Contracts.
Frank Vorwerk (owner) with Charles Koenig
(contractor), architect August Nordln— All work
except painting:, lincrusta, mantels, shades ami
gas fixtures for a one-story > and basement
frame building, on W line of Clara avenue, 196
N of Eighteenth street. N 28 by W 138; $3400.
BUNNY rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
ing; $4 up. Hotel Shasta. 1228 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia ft. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
MISSION. -1241— Front and back room; regular
kitchen; etove; hot water; furnlahed complete;
quiet.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
LARGE sunny housekeeping rooms, complete-
ly furnished. 106 Eleventh st.
MOSS, 13. off Howard, near Seventh— 2 or 3
rooms furnlfhed complete for housekeeping.
HOWARD. 704, cor. Third— Nicely furnished
front rooms; also housekeeping.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
GUERRERO. 1147— Punny front room, bedroom
and kitchen: furnished; $12 50.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
I HAVE city and country property to ex-
change. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. S. F..
near Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN. 71* Market, nr. Call bldg.
Land for sale In Sonoma. Contra Costa, Glenn.
6anta Cruz. Shasta and Tehama Cos.. Cal.
ALASIED A REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
13500— WORTH $4000; store. S rooms, bath; flat
above. 5 rooms, bath; rented $32. \ 1417 Pacific.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
A GENUINE "Snap" bargain: must sell this
week; SO acres very richest of highly culti-
vated- level loam In crop; not an Inch of
watte; fenced; 110 bearing fruit trees; resi-
dence, barn. 2 wells; etc.; IV4 miles from city;
only $:SOO.
N. D. PICKELS— the LAND AGENT.
10 Geary Bt., opp. Chronicle building, S. F.
$350—165 ACRES in Sonoma County; plenty
wood and water; 3& miles from ratlroad.
1301 . Devlsadero Bt.
IHOO-CORNER ' lot; SanU Clara ars. ; 60xlS0;
near Morton-st. station.
$1500— Fine lot; 60x160; Para st, near the
bay; bargain.. ;•¦-•>•:
$1000— Elegant lot, vest side of LafaystU St..
near San Antonio aye.; snap. ,-
$3200 — New modern 8-room house; . Alameda
avenue, near Lafayette st. ; large lot.
ISSOO— New Colonial, 7-room cottage: Grand
st., near , Alameda aye. ; , easy Installments;
large lot: snap.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda; all the
fcbove can be bought on easy terms. .
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY."
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
A BARGAIN; J2OOO ranch for $1200: 160 acres,
house, barn, stock, furniture; all level; party
going to Cape Nome. Particulars to H. MAY-
NARD; Hunters. Tehama County. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
(00 ACRES In Stanislaus County, near rail-
road; water; growing crops; under fence and
all othrr improvements. For particulars ad-
drees or call W. P. CROW. 1334 Polk. city.
ROOMS FOR llltlMJKliEl'l.VG. .
BUSH, 616^Suite of rooms, with use of kitchen
Rnd bath; also funny single room; rent rea-
sonable. ' .
BERKELEY RKAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY BARGAINS^ ' ' •" '"• V "7T? -
H. D. IRWIN, agent, railroad waiting room,
Lorin station. Open Sundays. '-¦
$3500 — See this elegant home; house of hand-
some design; specially well constructed and
finely finished: improvements alone con $3000;
contains 6 large rooms, • hall, fine bath, pan-
tries, etc.; large basement: lot 60x100; on north
side of broad avenue; convenient to station,
cars, school, etc.; good neighborhood.
$2000— New, Just completed, up-to-date mod-
ern cottage; 6 rooms, bath. etc. ; all of the
latest; a beautiful home on . main thorough-
fare; cloee to station; terms. H. D. IRWIN,
Lorin Station.
CALIFORNIA. 2323— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
FIFTH. 34S— Two rooms furnished for house-
keeping; cheap rent.
FILLMORE, 2212. near Clay— s7, 2 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard; water.
WE have got to sell within 1 week 5 acres of
perfectly, level land, fronting on 100- foot street
and not 6 minutes from' Berkeley station;
street work done; the best bargain we have
had for years.
MASON McLENATHEN.
Adjoining Postofflce, Berkeley.
FOLSOM, 834— 1 large sunny connecting house-
keeping rooms; stove, closets, bath; private;
|10 a month. ¦
HYDE, 408— Sunny front suite, ground floor;
yard, sink: for housekeeping; sep. entrance.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
642 STEVENSON, between Seventh and Eighth,
in sight. of the new postoffice— 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; central.
THIRTEENTH. 175— Kitchen, bedroom, larg»
pantry, rent $10; also other rooms^
TWO large sunny front rooms, bedroom and
kitchen, furnished complete. for housekeeping,
$11 rer month. Apply shoe store. 662 Mission
Ft., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
A— 4175 CASH, 115 monthly till paid; new cory
2-story modern house of 6 rooms; all through
first class: sanitary plumbing, etc.; fine large
lot. all fenced; grand view; Al soil; climate
the very beet; away from cold winds and
fogs: one block from electric line and school-
house: 10 minutes' walk to steam local trains;
neighborhood first-class; nice home surround-
ing; price in all $1850. but see what you get
for your money; Galindo settlemant, Peralta
aye.. adjoining East Oakland. Call or send
for circular, 456 Seventh St.. near Broadway,
Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
f- -¦-. . . ¦ " < '• - '
FEATURES IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL,
March 25, 190 G.
HOW I DIVED FIFTY FEET UNDER
WATER AT SHAG ROCK.
BY NAN BYXBEE.
1 TENDING BAR IN A BARBARVCOAST
— SALOON.
PUBLIC SPEAKERS AS-VIEWED BY
THE STENOGRAPHER.
SAN FRANCISCO AS SEEN BY AN
EDUCATED INDIAN.
BITS OF SAN FRANCISCO AS SKETCH*
ED BY OUR BEST KNOWN ART'
ISTS.
THB RESCUE OF THB CREW AND
PASSENGERS OF . THB WOLCOTT.
FASHIONS, BOOKS AND THHLLINO
STORIES.
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM
ALL.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. nnil L'nfurn.
OAKLAND FDKSITUHE FOB SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner: well furn.; rms. & offices.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elerantly furnish-
ed rooms ;sultes or single; travelers accom.
GIRARD HOUSE. 192 Seventh— Pleasant sunny
rooms; day or week; moderate. rates. I
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission St.— Select
family rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. Sl»— Rooms from $1 week up to $5.
25c to 11 night: also housekeeping romos.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leavs Broadway
aw. wharf, Sao Francisco:
For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
IHIbW. Mar. 17. 22. 27. Apr. 1. Chang*
faHP^^i^tt to company's steamers ut
KjK|W& Seattle.
IASIm! For Victoria, Vancouver <B.
HS^lßl C.) Port Townsend. Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett. Anacorte*
r and New Whatcora (Waah.).
10 a. m.. Mar. 17. 2J. 27. Apr.
L and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's st«*m*rs for Alaak*
and O. N. Ry.: at Tacom* to N. P. Ky., ac
For OT Eureka (Humboldt Bay). > p. m-. Mar.
20 » «0 Apr ITand every B«h day thereafter.
FBr Santa Cru*. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos?PoS^larfoTd (3an Luis Oblspo). Oav«ota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
a E "m f*£<!Z fcV-.^&fft «' P -^
f WB^xSSTS%I«« only at Port Harf^
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (fcoa Angeles), 11 a. m..
Ma". IS. a. W. *>. April «. and every fourth
da For*EnVe^ada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maaatlan. Altata. Ls, Pas. Santa Rosajia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Mar. 8. and .th
of each -aonth thereafter. ;
For further information obtain company's
°Th<f" company reset-res the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICRKT OFFICK-t New Montgomery
¦treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Oen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
NINTH S3— Nicely furnished sunny rooms to
let. -_
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights: day. wk., mo.
POST, 631 — Two small sunny rooms, furnished
$5 **eh per month: Protestant Christians;
neither drink nor smoke in the house.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or single; running water; gas; reas.
THE 0. R. & H. N.
DISPATCH VAST BTB AMER9 TO
3P O I^T3L.-A.ISriD
From BD*ar-strs«t Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE (12 First Class Including Berth
rAiIC $8 Second Class and ileala.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
; March 24. A»rll 3
COLUMBIA sails March 19. 29. April i
¦ Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all ' points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD. Genera! Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS * C 0...
Superintendents.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. .
THE OAKS, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE PIEDMONT. 119 A Sixth— Sunny furnished
rooms; double and single; easy terms.
THIRD, 415 — New house; newly furnished
rooms; also housekeeping rooms; reasonable;
gas; bath.
TURK, 24— Funny furnished rooms, $1 25 per
week; suites, $4 up; changed hands.
TWELFTH. 145— Sunny furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
TWENTIETH. 4231. near Castro— A flat of 4
beautiful large rooms, with bath; completely
furnished for housekeeping; hot and cold
water; ; gas and telephone; new house; fine
view: healthy location: In a email, private
family: no children wanted; rent reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
H^T^L^vCmM^uTcTT^^rTTSark^T^sT^Elel
gantly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or sin-
gle: with or without board; table first class;
reduced rates.
NEW family hotel; first clasa In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
select people. £07 California St.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
A— HOTEL La Normandle, 328 Eddy— Sunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; flrst-
clapg table and service; prices moderate.
HOTEL SALISBURY, Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands: thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market *t.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
VAN NESS aye.. 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms
and board: furnished and unfurnished: $20 up.
ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG married couple want two or three neat
furnished housekeeping room centrally lo-
cated ; state frms. Box '3135, Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES-ChleheVter's English Pennyroyal Pllis
are the beet; safe, .reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. '.'.Relief for
Ladles," In letter by return mall; at' drug-
' gists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadel.. Pa.
AM going to- start a private home for old gen-
tlemen who crave Independence of relatives
and yet want home comforts and privileges;
reference. Applicants address for further
information M. L.. Call office, Oakland.
COMPA3MIB GENBKALE TBA.HSATLiHTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.
Bailing er«ry Thursday instead of €5/Jnn>
Baturday, from November 2. 1599, at "** ryo "'" L
10 a. m . from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St.: La OASCOGNE. March 22; LA
TOURAINE. March 2»; LA BRETAGNE. April
5; L'AQUITAINE. April 12. First-class to
Havre. $80 and upward; S par cent reduction
on round trio. 3econd class to Havre, $43; ;
per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 .Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. 3. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, t Montgomery are.. San Francisco. / '
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mad*;
. city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery et.. rooms 9-10; tel. 6320. :
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, '. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW = YORK-PARIS-LONDON-HAMBURO.
TWIN-BCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW TORK— LONDON— PARIS-HAMBURG.
, Also New Tork-Hamburs Direct.
¦'*¦•• For sailing, etc.. apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. J7 B'dw'y. NT.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co.'s passengers on application.
p HERZOO A CO.. Gen.Agts. for Pacific Coast.
401 California St.. cor.' Sanaonr. S. F. .
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post st.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
HENRY/ J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors ' to Flannagan * & Gallagher), •
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMJEKB,
tO Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln SchooL
. . Telephone £outh 80. - . -
11': i.Wheir taken "at -the p~roper',tlme a little Jew*
Moore ."AA'^'whlskeylwill-prevent: a/cold. ,~*' : \'
' Magazines, newspapers. and periodicals Issued
complete for 'authors. ?'Mynell-Rollln», 22 Clay.*
••••••••••••••••A
I YOUR TEETH S
W FILLED, CROWNED OR^ EX- PafnleSS
•. .TRACTEDBY OUR FAMOUS, Methbd, •
9 Lowest Prices. ' Written Guarantee.
A .¦¦¦....^. .......... ; ; . ¦¦
X 1 "VAN VROOM" S
,! Full Set of Teeth, pain- . • \ * .¦ T * %I , X - rVrlT *
•~^* ' extrßctl^ s , 're«--»*-OO «P ''¦ . %<OUR. NEW HOME)..
, Gold Crowns, 22-k...... 3.K0 up ¦ --.¦-¦ V ...=- ..f.. >T. -*••'•; .-. •¦
Fiiimgi 26oup( 1001 Market Street,
._ , Teeth ' Wltbout . -' Platea Our 4 I ¦'¦ \ ~ -. ¦•< - ' '.; „, '-'¦ "
J Bpeciaity. W«.»tve B ai. ? : s - W. Corner Sixth.
.., ???>...... SEE ELECTRIC DISPLAY.
A. ;i >-••/,...' » The Largest Office Wc»t of Chicago. A
•^^^^^&^^^^^^r '^W^m^^r^F^^r
NEW EASTMAN
pKU -tV JNIjQ
KODAK;
A PERFECT INSTRUMENT.
SLOP.
:o4Z Market: s^^*»iaa«^
SCHOOL BOARD GRANTS
TEACHERS' CERTIFICATES
New- Schoolhouse for Potrero District
Considered— Principal '; Kilpat- ••? ¦
' -;. ; rick'lVlll Have a Trial. * '.
At a meeting. of the Board of Education
yesterday : the; report' of the Board : of • Ex
aminers s regarding the ; recent " examina
tions was j iiled, and the following; recom
mendations " for "certificates '. to -. successful
candidates favorably acted . upon : J High
School certificates: F.' ,"A'.' \ Gardner," Eu
gene Carnlglia; primary grade,. Miss Nona
Purinton, ' Miss Margaret- McDonald;
Latin and Greek.' MissEsenath E. Grier;
Latin; E.. J.: Dupuy, Miss Eleanor Hart;
German of grammar grade,, Carl Henrich,
Miss Olga yon der Lelth; music,' Miss Es
telle Hauphton; stenography," Miss Edith
Perkins; wood carVing, clay modeling and
free hand drawing, Miss Rosa" Murdoch:- *
The : following ' certificates 'were granted
upon credentials given:? D.-M.-Solliday,a
grammar grade ; certificate upon Ia : Wash
ington State life diploma; : Miss Asenath
E. Grier, a grammar : grade j certificate i on,
a diploma of the State-Normal School of
Illinois. i.^-^ '' . ":•;-. "¦ ¦ y.
; Renewals:* Miss-, Julia : A. -Murphy,
grammar grade; Mrs. K..Turney,^ primary
grade; Miss S. N. 1 Blgelow, special'certi
ficate for: kindergarten 1 work. f-\ " "¦-* "' - g • ¦-'
The petition of Lieutenant Colonel \W. ! S.
League of the Cross.
The annual r rally and essay contest , of
the Second . District," League of the Cross,'
comprising St. Charles', St. Joseph's, Mis
sion Dolores', and -St. ; Teresa's, parishes,
and Companies B, L and R of the Cadets,
will Ibe held Sunday afternoon next at 2
o'clock ' in Mission* Parlor Hall, , Seven
teenth street,, near Valencia. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For the Complexion
To purify and beautify the skin' and
prevent pimples, <?fi?V
blotches, black-
heads, redness, G^vkjKJiifer^W
roughness, yellow. Q^^fg^rf
oily, moihy skin, (iv- GCtWw \
chapping, tan, sun- v?" ¦'•''' t '^'€ )
burn, aud many VJ^ f" -^Li
oilier forms of skin P^""\ /^*i
blemishes, no other / . \f.
skin or complexion soap is for a mo-
ment to be compared with Cuticcra
Soap, because no other soap reaches the
cause, viz., the clowA, irritated, or in-
fiamed condition of the Pores.
For Hair and Scalp
Shaupoo with Cuticc&a Soap, rinse
with warm water, /' Nfsv
dry and apply a / Tf^V
light dressing of I K\ X^s.
Cuticcra, purest I ft) a^^^^^x
of emollients, I ji Y^^v*^
gently rubbed into I IB >^- v vi,<(')
the scalp. This I Ny IZ^Y^J
simple, refresh- \ V^X" J?
ing, and incxpen- V3v \r/j
siye treatment "R 7v» ¦
will soothe irri- V .¦ >A .">•>_-
tated and itching surfaces, stimulate the
hair follicles, clear, the scalp and hair of
crusts, scales,' and dandruff/ supply .the
roots with energy and nourishment, and
make the hair grow, when all else fails.
For Red Rough Hands
Boas the hands, oh retiring,' in strong,
rr* hot lather of Cun-
*JC^ . ¦'•': f '^~~\ t^
¦m , .¦ . . .-^>(lry, .*nd * anoint
rf ¦ '"^Zs ' f rcicly- irith" Cuti-
rY — • i • V"^ . coftA ¦•: Ointment,
tue great skin cure and purest of emol-
lients. Wear during tho night old,' loose
kid gloves. For rod, rpngh;' chapjjed
hands, drj, fissured, itching, and feverish
palms, shapoless nails with painful finger
ends, this one night treatment is simply
w°uderfttLTjaßs^dapinßßWßlw ° ud erfttLTjaB5^dapinBBWBI
For Sanative Uses
Its . remarkable emollient, cleansing,
/*•>.' purifying properties, de-
«fi£L \- rived from Cuticuka, the
S^XtsA prroat skin • cure, warrant
f \L/^r tho rue of Cuticcra Box t,
I \F2ff * n the 1 form of baths for
1 annoying irritations, in-
V \T jY, flammations.andchanDgs,
V-^^A' for too free or ! offensive
perspiration, and also in the form of in-
ternal washes and solutions for ulcerative
weaknesses, and for many nanative anti-
septic - purposes which , readily " snggeat
themselves to women.* and especially to
mothers. The use of Ccticcra Ointment
with Ccticura Soafj will also be 'of
advantage in the neverer cases. \
Complete External and Internal Treatment of Every Humor.
CL'TICURA Ceniutiiir of Cftictka &Oir(Vic.). tnelr»n«i> theikin. CrnriH4 O.nlra»nt(.V)e.). to»U»T
Tuc«rr«i"i« ltehtr,f«.nd health* »k:n.nnd Cl-ticvua lU-oi t«it I.Vtr.). to cowl and cleatiM th« blood.
.«t str $1.23 A»i»cle§et U cft'B»ufflclret to cure th« ieTfrc«t humor when all tU« tail*. VoTTXMDnt
aid Cum. Corp, 6olt Prop*., liciton. •¦ Uow to Core Erery Uu=ot." Xre«. -&&&gBggSBBM '.
Junction forever restraining tha Super
visors from proceeding to issue bonds for
the acquisition of the lands In question.
Bride Objected to Sleeping With the Window
the Groom Drew the Eine When She Began •
Wearing Hjs Neck?ties. -
PARTY LEADERS
PREPARING FOR
FALL CAMPAIGN
Republican State Executive
Meets This i j
Afternoon.
Contests for \ Congressional i Honors
VWill Not Figure' in the Selection !
of Delegates to the Na
. tional' Convention... . --..".
The members of the executive commit
tee of the Republican State Central Com
mittee will', meet ' to-day at the Palace
Hotel to take preliminary steps for open
ing the convention season. '¦'; ' ;
General talk is to the effect.that:noth
ing* . will be " done ' In the several Congres
sional districts in the way of electing dis
trict delegates to the national convention
at Philadelphia until representatives of
the ; State " Central Committee have - con
sidered the subject. Suggestions may be
made by - the central \ body, which, if ob
served, will render proceedings uniform
and harmonious in the Congressional sub
divisions. . - - .
The duty of selecting- four delegates-at
large and . two from each Congressional
District to • represent California In the
National ' , Republican Convention to as
semble in Philadelphia on j June 19 will be
performed without embarrassment spring
ing from ; the contests : for the honor of
representing Calif ornians in Congress. In
fact delegates to the conventions . which
will be called to nominate candidates for
Congress must be chosen under the pro
visions of ¦ the primary election law and
therefore according to law cannot.be
elected before next August. Aspirants for
service in Congress are particularly anx
ious to keep out of entangling alliances.
They - regard the - national convention -as
a McKinley ratification meeting and will
applaud the loyalty -and enterprise of Re
publicans who twill ' bear the expense of
attending' the convention. •• -
Politicians, s however, talk freely of the
coming fights for Congressional nomina
tion in the First and Fifth districts. It is
understood that John A. Barham, now
representing the First, will not be a can
didate for re-election. State Senator Gil
lette of Humboldt, who ' made a splendid
record in the Legislature, has a strong
following. District Attorney, Webber of
Sonoma is also in the field as a candidate.
Frank L. Coombs is anxious to go to Con
gress, but is .waiting for the people of the
district to arise in their majesty and call
him to ' the front. ' .Thomas Carothers of
Mendoclno has friends and claims.
Present indications point to a stubborn
contest in the Fifth District. Rumors are
circulated that Eugene F. Loud is Elated
for a ¦ high position in the Postofftce ¦ De
partment at Washington and will, there
fore, not 'be a candidate for re-election.
These ' rumors, > however,- are not credited
by the supporters of Loud, who assert
that- his -candidacy will be announced in
definite terms at the proper time. Aspir
ants for the honor of representing the dis
trict are legion. Among them are Sheldon
G. Kellogg, Henry C. Dibble, Charles M.
Shortridge. Alfred Bouvler, Frank Mc-
Gowan.vH.- V. .Morehouse, Edward I.
Wolf and Assemblyman >H. W. Brown.
In case none of the foregoing should prove
acceptable there is ¦an available reserve
list,' embracing W. H. Cobb, Charles Pat
ton and Zenas U. Dodge of San Francisco
and a few statesmen. from San Jose. •• ¦
It is not a sure thing. that Jim Rea and
Johnny Mackenzie will gain possession of
the works in Santa- Clara. County. Al
Bouvler has been surveying the field in
Santa. Clara County and- saying pleasant
words to the leaders of the Good Govern
ment Club.
Collls P. Huntington usually takes' *
hand • in * the fight > for Congress in " tha
Fifth District. He will be in San Fran
cisco next week.- If he frankly announces
a purpose, to give some one'of "the-can
didates active support for the nomina
tion, two "or three of the other aspirants
who- are now counting on his favor or
neutrality will retire from the field. Poli
ticians recognize that Herrin is easy game
in a political battle, but view the situa
tion in a different light when Collls i P.
Huntington enters. the arena. The Re
publicans of 'the Fifth District are. stroi.g 1
enough, however, to smash a Huntingtnn
programme. | The candidates who are now
so eagerly seeking the support of the rail
road chieftain may wish beforethe cam
paign closes that they had appealed to the
people for support. . ': ¦;..
Republicans to Meet.
A' meeting of Republicans has been call
ed for to-night (Thursday) ;at 8 o'clock
at the rooms of the Union League,. Palace
Hotel, for the purpose of taking measures
to insure a full representation of dele
gates . from .' the clubs, of this city, . Oak
land and Alameda' at the ' State " League
convention, to be held in Los Angeles on
the - 14th prox. Republicans are urged . to
attend, as it is desired to awaken interest
among the local organizations in the com
ing State convention. % -j- ¦ . -.^ ; I -
THE SAN '.FBAyciSCO,/;CA^ 22, 1900./
ADROIT SCHEME
TO BRYANIZE
PEOPLE'S PARTY
Time and Place for Meet
ing of Populist State
Committee.
Leaders of the Party Suspect That
Bryan's Followers Aim to
Gobble the "Works" at
Los Angeles.
Democrats of the Bryan stripe, togeth
er with some scheming • Populists ¦ of
Southern California, are putting up a"job
on the People's party of California. -The
first step of the scheme is to. open an
easy way for Bryan and his followers to
grain possession of the Populistic works.
A call has been issued for a meeting
of the Populist State Central Committee
at Los Angeles on April 10. Leading men
of the party fancied at first that It was
a rather Queer proceeding ¦to summon
nine-tenths of the eommitteeroen to.
Southern California when a central point
might be designated as the place of meet
ing. Later on the. fact came to light that-
Brvan would happen to be .in Los 1 An- '
geles at the time the Populist leaders
were assembled there. At first it was sur
mised that schemers had \, planned (. the.
meeting in Los Angeles in qrder to ex
clude from attendance many committee
men who could not afford the expense of
a long journey. Later on and in the light
of subsequent developments the suspicion
arose that the Democratic managers of
the Bryan campaign were the chief ma-,
nipulators of the meeting- and that' the
real purpose was to absorb the Populis-t
executive committee or merge it into a
Bryan party.
No doubt considerable enthusiasm will
be created when Bryan swings into South
ern California and scatters his platitudes !
over the land. If Bryan does not kick' up
a dust and make a big noise his followers
will force a hullaballoo in hts honor. Even
the calm and ordinarily serene middle of
the road Populist may be turned from the
center of the highway by clouds of dust
ami tumults of shouting. Democratic
politicians in the wake of Bryan, there
fore, count on capturing the Populist or
ganization in the midst of the April tur
moil.
The members of the People's party in
Northern and Central California are ap-
Freher.si\"e of danger. They are faith
ul to the principles of their party and
do not fear defeat as much as they dread
disgrace. Intelligent and sensible men
of the party readily concede that Presi
dent McKinley will be re-elected next
November, but they desire, nevertheless.
to preserve the People's party organiza
tion for use in future campaigns. The
plan of surrendering the works to Bryan
in advance of the contest is not accept
able. In order to defeat the cunning
scheme of the Bryanites members of the
People's party have resolved to select
resolute and fearless representatives 'from
Northern and Central California and arm
them with proxies and send them to Los
Angeles to attend the State committee
meeting on April in.
W%kP '"^oo^ C^S% il
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATDRDAY.
VALUE WITHOUT PRICE IS A
RARITY. BUT SOMETIMES
YOU GET VALUE FOR A MERR
. . BONO. OUR OFFERS BELOW
..-.ARE --GOING AT A MERE '
. • NOTHING, ALTHOUGH THEY
POSSESS STERLING VALUE.
. . COME AJTD SEE. T
CREAMERY BUTTER, 2 squares 75c
RANGH EGGS, 3 dozen ..50c
COFFEE, Ideal Blend f ,21b5,.;;55c
. Roast- or. ground. -.
"A Delicious CofCee'at'a moderats prlc*.
' Regularly 35c a pound.
VIORIS TOILET SOAP, £%*..'. 45c
- A new Violet Perfume. - .
'- Made by Colgate A Co.
Regularly 60c.
ENGLISH MUSTARD, Mb. can. 10c
Keen's London, equal to any.
Regularly 15c.
OK WHISKEY, bot 75c, 3 bots $2
Gallon $3.00
! - Finest quality of this well-knowa brand.
Regularly $1.00 and ROO.
FIGS, 7 = lbs ... — 25c
Choice California' Black Ftga.
\ . Regularly 5c a pound.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALpCUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market.
(Old number 21 Stockton it.)
",.,;. ' ." TELEPHONE MAIN K2J.
In the Divorce Court.
- Lillian ? T.'v Dlnnle I has "¦. been r - granted : a
divorce from Paul i; G. Dlnnle J . on \ the
ground «'of desertion." Suits ; for '• divorce
nave ' been filed -: by -Rosalie.. Kaufman
against ' Charles Kaufman «¦' for i- cruelty ;
Joseph ; R. - Nesbitt against . Lizzie , B. ; Nes
bitt * for desertion : Marie . Louise ! Cooper
against-" Francis H?< Cooper for desertion;
Amerlque" B.; Duessing:. against " Titus
Duessing : for i cruelty; Emma H. ** Smith
against ; Arthur I M. "• Smith • for.' failure to
provide," and Henry Rastede against Ame
lia 1 . Rastede ¦, for; cruelty. •*-
MRS. CRAVEN RECALLED
BY THE GRAND JURY
Investigation of . th« ¦ Charges Grow
ing Out of the' Contest for Fair's
' ; ilillibris Is Concluded.
.% The < Grand . Jury concluded . its Investi
gation' yesterday ;..'_ afternoon Into .the
charges 6f< perjury and -intimidation grow
ing "out :^ of i the .Fair-Craven case. : f The
matter was: taken under, advisement.' .The
first . witness called "¦. was "C. K. " Clark, sec
retary of- various building and -loan asso
ciations, who has an . office In > the same
building with Louis Dunand. Clark was
questioned regarding- a.. check for $200
said : to ? have' passed through the hands
of. Dunand and Sylva and alleged to have
been uttered by the Craven forces. Clark
was unable to enlighten inquisitors to any
satisfactory extent. •- He ' was • followed by
Mrs/ E." L.? Foster, proprietress >• of ithe
¦ Fairmount Hotel, - who - - gave testimony
immaterial to the points at issue i In ; the
Investigation.' ' ' .
;.-. D.;M. Delmas, who .was, one of the first
att&rneys retained by Mrs. Craven in her
fight - for Fair's millions,; was " called and
''In'"-* response* to ', a- question ¦ testified that
Mrs. Graven .in » 1896 ' had .spoken' to . Him
of her- marriage., with - Fair, but- it- was
not essential " to t the . case .. then . on trial
a.nd . nothing i had i been . done , regarding it:
.• I Mrs.- Craven ¦ was • recalled' and' question
ed 'substantially 'on 1 the same points as
she was questioned on at her, first exami
nation. ;H.*J.' Koehler "Jr.,;her son-in-law,'
was 'questioned regarding the
mentioned ? by Knight vjn'.whih,-. it. was al
leged'that* Sylva* and ' Simp tori 'were made
beneficiaries, but he denied any connection
therewith. V Wells : Drurj'.' >; a V newspaper
man, '-was questioned :¦« regarding r' certain
interviews,* and A."- Sylva, • %vho -was ' re
called,* testified thatihe- had-: lndorsed the
$200 check : in 'Dunand'a ; office.; Sylva ; had
¦indorsed the check' over <tojDunand,". who
left the office and returned ' In a' few mo
ments ;with the coin.". :¦•<.•?.. A ,-i ;T; T
Will Not Raise Pay of Janitors.
The Board of Public . Works yesterday
sent a communication' to the Supervisors
denying the petition of the City Hall Jan
itors for an increase in wages.
INCORRIGIBLE YOUTH
ROBS HIS BENEFACTRESS
Solomon Levy - Charged With Grand
• ; Larceny— Will Be Sent to
• •• Reform School. - ; ¦
Solomon Levy, aged 16 ; years, the
nephew ; of Rabbi ] Levy, ' was booked ¦ last
night • at i the City, Prison " on . a charge of
grand "• larceny. About ; ten days ; ago he
was arrested for stealing an overcoat, but
as the owner of the I garment ' could
be J found he «as \ released. -_?
¦ Last Monday he visited the house of his
uncle, at 'l3s9 Post street;' and stolo a
purse • containing ' $25 belonging ; to • • Mrs.
Levy. ". A- few days later he paid another
visit to the Levy residence and got away
with two valuable diamond rings belong
ing to the rabbi'B wife. ; ;.. "
Chief - of ; Police ; Sullivan was . notified
and 'he detailed Detectives Crockett and
Dillon to find - the incorrigible boy. . ; He
was - found on Market ¦ street : yesterday
afternoon - and locked up - in ? the i tar.ka
pending further, investigation. Last even
ing he admitted his guilt and was formal
ly, charged .with . grand: larceny. It Is ; the
intention •¦. of ; the boy's •.relatives •to [ have
him sent to a reform. school., _ .
Paderewski
And all the world's leading artists *».to
Zinkand's, because everything (there Is always
the best. .- . '• -.*; ' •
Savings and Loan' Society
1 Solicits loans on moVtgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates; 101 Montffom*ry. ' •
Expenses of Recorder's Office.
Recorder Godchaux yesterday filed with
the Board of Supervisors an estimate of
the expenditures required In his depart
ment for the fiscal year ending July 1,
1900. He fixes the amount necessary at
$42,500, and estimates the revenue of the
office at 542.000. " ' .
Evans of the Salvation Army, to Install
mercy boxes In the schools during "self
denial" week was denied. •
On, the recommendation of Superinten
dent Webster C. C. Kilpatrlck. principal
of the- Business Evening School, will be
tried by the board on' Thursday morning,
March 29," on various charges ; of conduct
unbecoming a teacher. .".¦' • ' ;•'
The petition of Consul" General Ho Vow
and Chinese residents for. the restoration
of .the -class recently "consolidated out in
the Chinese school was. taken' under ad
visement. - -* *. ¦ '-:
WILL LEAD THE
LEAGUE OF THE
CROSS LEGIONS
Captain E. J. Power of
Company, G to Succeed
: Colonel Sullivan.
Captain E. J. Power will succeed . Coir'
onel W." P; Sullivan as head of the League
of the Cross Cadets in this city. Colonel
Sullivan was forced to resign owing to
the pressure of his new' duties; as Chief
of Police and his resignation was reluct
antly; accepted by the league authorities,"
who ' recognized his worth and devotion
to their.. organization. ¦ ; .
The* league directors— five in s number
met -last night at the headquarters . at
Tenth i and Market streets to appoint
Cblonel Sullivan's successor.. - Several
names were r considered, • but finally the
unanimous 'choice ' was Captain E.iJ.
Power. ¦. .W.hlle other candidates were elo
quently urged and each had considerable
. to " recommend him/ the: most feasible
compromise aspirant was Mr.* Power,
against whom no valid argument could
be raised and whose merit was generally
admitted,- . .. •• ..'->„¦ ..
' v Captain :Power as the head of Company
\ G ,has ,won- the distinction of first place
for ,'hU company three . successive * times
' in ' open competition. -1 He ' is ; recognized as
a first-class- tactician and .able' executive
officer, and as such/was very, highlyrec
ommended by. the late Lieutenant Colonel
Miley, before I the latter's; departure 1 , for
Maniia.* - He is i popular I among the | cadets
and' is 'looked rupon as competent to up
hold discipline ¦ and - esprit . oe corps. He
starts his. responsible duties with the best
wishes of 'a host of comrades.
more and others of the Stanford and
Crocker following time alone can tell I*
is notorious that the feeling between Fill
more and Kruttschnitt is not of the most
fri«ndlv character, and it is quite within
the" range of possibility that the general
manager has some one in view to fill the
place of the Crocker man. .
HUNTINGTON'S COMING
IS CAUSING UNEASINESS
••--•s-.V. . • *
Southern Pacific Employes Look For
ward With Apprehension to the
Meeting of Directors.
There is an air of .anxiety noticeable in
the big yellow building on Montgomery
Ftxeet as the time for the arrival of
Collls P. Huntington draws near. The
esed president of the Southern Pacific is
now on his way here from the south and
is expected to arrive on Saturday or Sun
day. He is*travellng in his private car,
and with him are Journeying Mrs. Huiit
ington. Miss Campbell, J. C. Smbbs. Ju
lius Kruttschnltt and Secretary Miles.
The regular annual meeting of the board
of directors of the Southern Pacific if hot
for April 6. and the probability of changes
that may then ensue is the reason ot the
uneasiness that- is now felt by the em
ployes who in the past have trained under
the shadow of either the Stanford or
Crocker banner. What will happen to
thorn now that these supports have been
withdrawn is enough of a matter of con
jecture to make them anything but com
fortable.
There will be only fix of the eleven di
rectors at the meeting this year. These
fix are C P. Huntinerton. General Thomas
H. Hubbard. H. E. HunUngton. J. C.
Stubbs, D. O. Mills md Julius rtrutt
frehxiltt. As this is practically z. solid
Huntington beard. It is safe to assume
that as far as Jhe chief executive officers
are concerned the meeting will re-elect
those that are now in office to serve for
the ensuing year. . . •- •
As eight -of the eleven directors are
rTidrnts of New York or the immediate
vicinity, it is not improbable that the an
nual meetings of the future will be held
in that city instead of here. If that is so
it -will result in making New York the
hfflrtJquarters of the road and will prob
ably cause several changes in the heads
of departments in this city. For instance.
It is not unlikely that the New York di
rectors will insist on putting New York
rmn at the head of the treasury and re
rorrting departments, thereby reducing E
C. Wright and N. T. Smith to the rank of
assistants.
As to what will become of J. A. Fill-
HAD Harry. D. M. Cobb been in the
habit of sleeping in a room with
windows hermetically, sealed or
had his fair young bride been ac
customed to slumbering in a ' chamber
where the air was invited to circulate
freely, they would to-day be living in
happy harmony. Instead of fighting out
their honeymoon differences in a divorce
court.
Of course there were several other trN
fling matters that separated the couple
after six weeks of wedded bliss, but they
do not amount to much. The young ben
edict wanted his shaving mug polished
daily and Mrs. Cobb showed no inclina
tion to do so. Cobb wanted the bird cage
to be treated to a matutinal massage
and this also the bride objected to. The
only thing Mrs. Cobb desired was to wear
her husband's neckties and this the
wretched man forbade her to do.
Mrs. Cobb, since she left the roof that
shelters her spouse, has been making her
home with her mother, Mrs. Egan, at 1609
Golden Gate avenue. Mrs. Cobb's parent
would not allow her daughter to be seen
yesterday and referred all inquirers to
Mrs. Cobb's attorney. Mr. Cobb was to
be seen at the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company's office, but had nothing to say
for publication. "See my attorney," Is all
he would say.
Mrs. Haight, mother of . the deserted
husband, with whom the young couple
spent their honeymoon, was not as reti
cent In regard to the affairs of .the young
couple as they were themselves. She told
the touching tale of their differences with
sorrow and deplored the fact that a sep
aration appeared.t o be inevitable.' .
According to Mrs. Haight, young Cobb
and Josephine Egan were schoolmates,
and Harry used to carry "Joey's" books
to school. "They decided to marry when
they were children," said • Mrs. Haight.
"Their marriage was a grand affair. The
church was crowded and there were four
policemen in front of the sacred edifice to
keep the crowd off."
It afterward developed that the officers
of the law who officiated with such great
success at the nuptial ceremony would
have found plenty to keep them' busy had
they been admitted to the Cobb home dur
ing the'honeymoon.'
"Harry and Joey began to" quarrel right
away," said Mrs. Haight. "Their differ
ences were over trifles. Harry was wroth
because Joey did not polish up the bird
cage and his shaving mug. When I saw
what trouble these little things made,"
continued the tearful mother, "I took
them and polished them up myself. That
evening when my son returned and com
plimented »hls wife on the brightness of
the catre and the 'mug, she paid: 'Don't
thanK me; thank your mother, she did it';
and thereupon they quarreled again.
Then "Joey" would wear Harry's neck
ties and soil them for him and she per
sisted in upsetting his bureau drawers.".
"The culminating quarrel 'of the Cobbs
came on the eve of the day that a social
function was. given in their honor by the
young lady who served: as bridesmaid "at
the Cobb-Egan nuptials.
"When they Came '-home from the
party; given -in their honor," said Mrs.
Haight, "they appeared to be happy and
loving. But they had 'not retired ten
minutes when they began to quarrel.
Harry is in the hablt'of sleeping withhls
window wide open and Joey wanted the
window closed. . Every time Harry open
ed " the • window ¦ his wife would ,. close it.
Finally they compromised by leaving the
window half open and Harry's tying > a
silk handkerchief around Joey's ears." :
In Mrs. Cobb's complaint she alleges
that among the other cruelties she has
had to submit to was her husband stand
ing . guard over her with a shotgun; and
she goes on to pray that her husband be
compelled to return to her $SQO, which, she
says, she loaned him.
"There is absolutely no truth in the
statement that Joey lent Harry $500," his
mother explained. "The $500 she refers to
is. the gift of Harry's father David Cobb
of San Jose. He gave that sum to Harry
to. furnish the home for. his bride. "When
Joey left him and there was no more
any: question- of 'a home Harry . returned
the .: money to , his father. - The shotgun
episode happened this way," Mrs. Haight
continued: "Joey told her husband nho
was going home to her mother. He begged
her to stay with him and try and bee if
they could not begin all over again. Then
she told him that if she did not go home
her family would come after her. This
enraged my son. He locked both her arid
me. in a room, loaded his shotgunand de
clared he would shoot any one who forced
their way Into his room and 'attempted to
take his wife. from him.
""The whole trouble.", .concluded. 'Mrs.
Haight, , "ls this: Joey went to. see her
mother every day. There she would meet
some of her numerous family and they
each and every. one would-tell her how
to train her husband. -She was working
out the theories of the Egan family whtn
she made a failure of her marriage with
Harry Cobb." , ' . .
The Cobbs will t«ll their troubles to
Judge Hebbard on Friday morning.
LEGALITY Of
BOND ELECTION
HOW IN ISSUE
Capitalist Fritz Files Suit
vto Settle Its. Many Un
certainties.
?¦¦;-.-
. .
Complaint Sets Forth Six Grounds on
Which the ' Court Is Asked to Is
sue Injunction Against th«
Supervisors.
"With the object of definitely determining
the legality or illegality of the recent bond
election 'suit was filed yesterday by Eu
gene N. Fritz, a well known capitalist, to
enjoin the Board of Supervisors from pro
ceeding to issuo bonds under the
in question for the , acquisition of. lands
in the Mlssioh-for' a public park and for
the so-called "panhandle extension." Mr.
Fritz, who ia represented 'by Attorneys
Arthur Barendt and Charles E. Naylor.
favored the acquisition of the lands in
question, but realizes that the legality of
the issuance «*>f the bonds must be" first
determined before capitalists and banks
purchase, the bonds. Hence he has- filed
suit to determine this important question.
The suit attacks the legality, of various
resolutions passed by the Supervisors in
relation to the acquisition of lands for the
purposes named; 'particularly the;resolu
tion passed on January 23, 1599, providing
for the acquisition of .Western Addition
blocks 72. 141. 147, 210, 220, 287, 298, 369, 378,
437. 445, 516 and 525; outside land blocks 84,
169. 194. 271. 296 and 293, and outside land
block "I": the : - resolution ..of 'October ,l6,
1899. providing 1 fortho acquisition' of "Mis
sion blocks' B6 and 87 ! for a: Mission. park,
and the resolutions providing or the spe
cial bond election on December. 27 last.!
• The plaintiff, who holds', the right to sue
by reason of being a : taxpayer,' says all of
the resolutions referred to are hull and
void, and that v bonds. Issued pursuant
thereto will "also be illegal and Void.* for
the reason that no provision :is made In
the proceedings for .. the kind of money in
which the proposed ¦ bonds are payable:
second, that the three propositions. for the
acquisition of three distinct tracts of land
in** three" widely separated , districts : were
consolidated and voted upon as one propo
sition when they .should . have been .segre
gated; third, that at the time of the elec
tion the city and county government was
working under ' : the '. consolidation : act;
fourth, that the sale will- take place under
the charter. \ which was not ¦> in force at
the time of the. election: fifth, that; only
29,972 votes were cast at ; the election. ~ a
number Insufficient under .the law making
it .necessary, for such* a". proposition to be
carried by. a- two-thirds vote of the quali
fied electors of the city, the total number
being 70.681; and. : sixth, that the purpose
expressed in the ordinance, designated as
'.'Order No. 231 (Second Series)/; that'of
connecting" Golden : Gate Park with ' the
United States military reservation,* is not
such a purpose as could justify said Board
of Supervisors in declaring or determining
that "public and necessity de
mand" the acquisition of ; land " therefor;
nor. such . a purpose : as ; would Justify the
purchase or acquisition of land by, said
city and : county under the public -parks
act, approved March • 16, 1889. ..
¦[ In conclusion plaintiff prays for an In-
Incidents in- Mr. and Mrs. Harry D. Cobb's ¦Interesting Honeymoon.
Hale*.-.;
Hide's.
COBB HONEYMOON DIMMED
BY TRIFLES LIGHT AS AIR
To Furnish Hall of Justice.
¦ ;.; The; Supervisors' l Public! Buiidihgr Com-
mlttee wasj yesterday ihotlfled "by i the Trep-^
resentatlve'of the Pacific Surety Company'
: that it ' will i require ) about ' J12.000 to flniah
the; Hall, of. Justice building..; ¦-:•."¦<¦¦
BBS ' . ! tBamBBKK&s^---': :: - >'--' . <V\?;»v ; -
[three niore days £. I
perhaps the goods will not last that long, certainly I
none will remain after-Saturday night, if. you are 1
really looking for goods : - of. high value at little prices I
. .arrange.^to: come ;.to,;_ourv store to-day, to-morrow and I
Saturday. I
ladies' silkine hose. I
I fast black and medium weight, fine quality, elastic tops i- I
¦ and full length, extra double soles— the pair, only. .. — ..-« «JOC I
1 .. . 3 pair for $I. I
I dress goods. [I
1 fancy checks— for -children's school dresses, \j Inches
I . wide, a good heavy quality, J.; J.'.O'Brlen ; & Co;'s price -j -j
¦ . 50c— now, the yard.^;...... r . ..... M ..^...^....^.. **v^
I . surah silks— full 24 Inches wide and guaranteed all silk,
I colors light blue, sage and nile, J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s CA r
¦ v prlce.Ji— the yard, now ~- **"%
¦ - ribbons and hose supporters — on the ribbon table, all-
I silk biiUiant taffeta ribbons in all the new shades— "
1 No. 5......6 C per yard No. 12. 10c per yard.
¦•¦ No. 9......8 C per yard No. i6...i~12c per yard-
•¦•• ladies* side hose supporters— fancy frilled elastic, with fi
B button-catch, In- black, red, orange, pink and blue— per |QCQ C H
¦ pair, 0n1y.................... ...:...-..;..........—~...... r .i^. '"V 8
'I ; I celebrated '••H. B." gloves, 0n1y... -.. ..^I.OO T ..1
I 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street. 1
¦
" CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB.
75c Special This Week- ,
HANDSOME OAK STAN D>
Send 5 cents for postage
for new! urnlture catalog.
•-"*••?— -. ." ?•
THE J. NOON AN
: FDRKITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
ton - '023 mtaatom ar/tcrnr,
' " " ABOVE SEXTH. \* v: "-; / :
- TtetM 8»«U 14. "¦"¦-¦¦-.. lv Trvuitm. ,
. 1
12