a request,- for friendly mediation the Ger-'
man Government, replied that .It would
willingly participate provided the essen
tial of i such . mediation were
present, namely, -the certainty '-that, both
belligerents desired; it. ,
METHUEN TAKES POSHOF.
LONDON. March 14.— The Dally ] Mall
has the following, dispatch <from Klraber
ley, dated Tuesday, March .13: •>"."•.':, v
"Lord Methuen occupied Poshof on Sun-,
day without opposition. He left a gar
rlsori there and returned here." The'rail
way and telegraph lines "have' been^re
paired thirty miles northward to Slyp
Klip. It, ls understood, that the line be
tween Fourteen Streams and VryburfeT Is
not badly, damaged."
TROUBLE BETWEEN CHIEFS.
LEBOMBO. March 5, via Lourenzo Mar
ques,, March 12.— Trouble is expected be
tween Chief Ogelequana and Chief-Um
bog-az. in British Zululand. The Boerj are
anxious that the chiefs should not' qUar
rel, and they are praparlng to support the
former, as . is also the ] Swazi Queen. The
Zulu King, however, upholds Umboffaz..
The women at Plet Rlef laaa/er are la
menting over the heavy Boer loss around
Ladysmith. ; -. .. ¦_ ¦ . -'¦ ¦? . -: - -.
MAFEKING'S RUMORED RELIEF.
LONDON". March" 13.— 1n the lobbies in
the House of Commons rumors that Mafe
king: had been relieved were In circulation
this evenlngr, but. they, still lack confirma
tion. . ' : .. . " : :w ' ; ' : "• ' '. ¦¦¦¦ '¦ "- ;; . ""
tßat.Ood .who lighted *th»"nnextlnralsha.ble flre
of, lov» I cf . freedom . In\ the ;> heart s ¦ of^ ourselves. '
and j inT our '; belief "that J be'-will oot *f orsajce ua
and ¦ that I he- wllli accomplish • his * work- In *ns
lind In^ our descendants. '-- • '. ¦ Si. ~> '"
'?-¦VVe hesitated to make this ¦ declaration earlier
¦ to'rorar.'ExceilencT,'. as we. feared that-as long
as ' th« advanta«^ was always on our side, anil
8 a lo njr as our^f oroea -' held defensive : post tlons
far 'i within ..her*. Majesty's ¦ colonies, „ such a
declaration might hurt the feelings and honor
of » the .British people. .- But as the ; prestlce of
the 'j British \ empire^ niaj; be : considered . to be
assured by« v the . capture^ of one T of our,. forces
! br^i her/ Majesty's i trooped . and .. since we have,
thereby, been forced to evacuate ether positions
which j our; forces { had * occupied, • that 'dlf flcul ty
Is over, and we can no. longer hesttate to clearly
Inform your Government' and people. In the
sight of fighting and oa what conditions we
are. ready^to restore peace. .; -
y The^Marnbls"- I 'of j Salisbury" to .the President
of the South ' African Republic and the Orange
Free ' State: J•- - : ¦»--".--••• ',
"¦" Forelm'Ofßcaw" March IL— I hive the honor
to acknowledge your? Honors' telegram, dated
March s.' from Bloemfontein, of which the pur
port j is : principally,, to ! demand that her . Majes
ty's ;. Government " shall recognlxe ; "the ' Incon
testable independence of the South, African re
public and' Freej State*' as "sovereign Interna
tional states." and to offer on those terras to
bring the war' to a conclusion. ", -
i In U»e"* bigtnnlnj;': ot,' October last : Deac* ex
| Uted befween her,' Majesty and the two repub
i lies under conventions. which then were In cx
! istence. cA ' discussion ' had been < proceeding- for
i some . months between her. Majesty's Govern
! me n t and ¦ the | South ' African republic . of which
i Uu». object _- was ¦ to obtain redress for certain
'< very, serious grievances nnder which th« Brlt
| lsh : residents .In < South 'Africa ; were ;' suffering.
I In j the" course.' of | these ; negotiations the j South.
African republic' had/:, to the knowledge ', of her
. Majesty's 7 Government;'*^ made T-l_ considerable
, anna men t s. and v. the I latter ; had . consequently
' taken steps to provide corresponding reinforce
ment a of i the j British garrisons | at : Cape | Town
' and j In ' Natal. 'Xo ¦ Infringement iof { the rights
' guaranteed by the conventions -had. up to that
point, taken ~ clace ' on the British ' side. , . ¦" -':'
I Suddenly. lat two * days' j notice, the Sooth, Af
' rlcan ' republic.'; after lamias aa taaultliur uiu
¦.«.-—¦"'—..--' ¦¦-¦¦.:-. : ¦¦-. *¦-, f :. K .,.v, ....
¦?• -, ; LONDON, March 13.— 1n the House of ''Commons .to-day f Henry ; _ Labouchere,* advanced -Liberal
? - protested against Lord Salisbury's! reply- to Presidents Kruger and Steyn. 'Jit was, >he* said,' not only! a
? . crime, but a blunder. 'The terms of peace proposed were an iniquity and a' disgrace to Great Britain.') Tur
? key, he dsclared, migHt just as well have insisted -on ; blotting' out Qre*ce> as.an independent jcountry.
j - Greece ¦ insulted Turkey and compelled her to go* to war.* / . ."'¦,-;.
t I Thomas Gibson Bowles, Conservative, said that. the last telegram- from Presidents Kruger and
IV Steyn was even more insulting than the one which^began the : war. - .- ;- ,;._,;;; ,-; • "\ .1 j " '*
? - The 4 House at a late hour adopted the.votes of money and men embraced in the- army^ proposals
T of Mr. Wyndham. . . ¦ - • ?: i- ¦';-*¦-¦¦-¦••¦ -.' ¦¦¦¦-• - ¦-
SALISBURY'S REPLY DECLARED
A DISGRACE TO GREAT BRITAIN
tenderloin district, drove the women Into
the streets and arrested the proprietors.
The- hitter were taken to a police station
and soon released en SCX> ball each.
The arrests were the result of the agi
tation against disorderly r resorts wbicn
has lately stirred the city. The crnsada
began with the suppression cf the play:
VSapho." as. presented by Olga Xether
sole's company. Anthony Comstocic soon
afterward j raided numerous gambling
places. Rev. Dr. Parkhnrst wrote % sharp
letter to District Attorney Gardiner, call
ing his attention to the open drinking
places; frequented by women.
Mr. Gardiner .wrote an equally pointed
letter to Chief of Police Devery and to
night the principal concert saloons wera
visited and the persons In charge of then
arrested. The Grand Jury, which Is still
In session, has indicted the keepers off
ten gambling houses. The poolrooms and
policy shops have been closed pending th«
abatement of the storm.
An anti-policy bill of sweeping, char
acter has reached such a stage In tha
State Legislature that its passage is be
lieved to be certain and the bill repeal-*
Ing the Horton boxing law, nnder whlclx
prize fights are held, was reported to tha
State Senate to-day, having passed tho
House. ¦;¦ ; ; j:
REAR ADMIRAL KEMPFF
ACCEPTS A NEW POST
Leaves Slare Island. to Become Sec
ond in Command of the
15.v;:I 5 . v ; : Asiatic Station. ,"A
WASHINGTON. March IX— Rear Ad<»
mlral Kempff. commandant of the Mare
Island, Navy Yard.' to-day telegraphed to
the Navy Department hi 3 acceptance oZ
the offer of second In command of tha
Asiatic station. As a matter of fact. Rear.
Admiral Kempff's command wID very,
nearly approach an independent station.
Rear Admiral Remey. the nominal com
mandant of the entire naval force oa the
.Asiatic station, is expected to remain to
the Philippines, . .while Rear Admiral
Kempff will- have a separate squadron'
cruising on the Chinese and Japanese
coasts.
The re-establishment of the farce on tha
China, station may be a significant fact la
view of the repeated hints from European
sources of hostilities on so large a scale
that they threaten to Involve Asia.
Rear Admiral C. S. Cotton probably win
be made temporary commandant of Mara
Island yard.
The cruiser Philadelphia will sail to
morrow for Acapulco en ronte to Central
American ports. Admiral Kautz will re
main on. the lowa, which will go to Puses
Sound for repairs.
PRESIDENT NEED NOT
PRODUCE AFFIDAVITS
Representative Lentz Again Fails to
Drag Mr. McEinley Into ths
"Wardner Investigation.
WASHINGTON. March IX— There was
a spirited controversy to-day at the out
set of the Coeur d'A^ene Investigation be
fore the House Committee on Military Af
fairs • when Representative Lentz called
attention to telegrams given oat by the
War Department In which capitalists
asked for protection to their Interests la
the mining country. He said that in riew
of these publications the country oasht
to Save the affidavits presented by Sena
tors .Carter and Heitfeld to the President,
in which prominent officials of the mining'
and labor organizations declared martial
law was unneccessary in - the- Coeu?
d'Alene district. . The , committee finally
went into executive session on Lentz'3
proposition and decided, not to> call cpoa
the President for the affidavits.
At the open hearing the cross-examina
tion *of I* J. Simpk lr.s developed many
additional Incidents of the disorder, but
in the main the witness held to the details
given on his direct examination.
Pere Henri Didon Dead.
TOULOUSE, March IX— Per© Henri
Dldon. the celebrated Oominlcan preacher
and author, died suddenly to-day of
apoplexy. Ho was born March/17. 1340. L
News of the Kntry of Lord Rob
erts' Army Into the Free State
Capital Is Expected at Any
Hour.
Rumors of the Relief of Mafeking Not Con
firmed and Serious Conditions Exist at
% That Beleaguered Town.
LONDON, March 14.— News of Lord Roberts* entering Bloemfontein is cow ex
pected at any hour. General French on Monday evening occupied tha
two hiUs commanding the town, two and a half miles to tha south of It- Ha
met opposition and was apparently unable to capture the railway station,
which it was important to take on account of the rolling stock found there.
Lord Roberts followed General French with the Third cavalry brigade and
counted infantry and the rest of the army were marching on Bloemfontein
yesterday, mo that, apparently, the commander In chief Is only waiting for the
Infantry to come up before moving into the Free State capital.
The s*ixnre of the railway will Isolate the Boer detachments still In the
south, facing Generals Clements and Gatacre. It la not thought likely that the
Boers will make any further attempt to contest the entrance Into Bloemfontein,
but wtH go eff to the northeast to protect the line to the Transvaal.
It was rumored yesterday that Mafekir.g had been relieved, but up to a late
boer last night the War Office was without any information confirming the re
port. The probability is that the town Is no longer severely besieged. Some re
ports paint the condition of the garrison and Inhabitants In dismal colors. They
are said to be subslftina: on horseflesh and horse fodder, with dysentery, typhoid
fever and diphtheria, epidemic. The defenders were holding cut on March 6 and
had defeated a. Boer attack a few days before.
The- passag-es of the Orange River at Norvals Pont and Bethulle bridge have
not yet been taken, but any day may bring the news 'that the Boers who have «
been watching the broken bridges have retreated. A reconnoissance by General
Clements Is probably a prelude to a turning movement.
From Lad-smith It Is reported that the main body of the Boer Natal army Is
holding B'ggarsbcrg In force.
ROBERTS' LOSSES ON
WAY TO BLOEMFONTEIN
LONDON. March 13.— Lord Roberts tel
egraphs from Venters Vlei at s:?} o'clock
this morning as follows:
"I directed General French, if there -va«
time before dark, to seize the railway sta
tion at Bloemfonteln. and thus secuie the
rolling stock. At midnight I received a
report from him that after considerable
opposition he had been able to occupy two
hills close to the railway e;a.ticn wrich
commanded Bloersfor.teln. A brother of
President Sreyn fcas been made a pr:son-r.
The telegraph line leading northward fcas
teen cut ar:d the railway broken Kip.
"I am rscw starting -with the Third Cav
alry Erlgaiie. which I called up from the
Seventh Division near Petnisburg yester
day, and the mounted Infantry to rein
force the cavalry division. The rest of
th« force will follow me as quickly as
possible.**
The War Office received the following
additional ilepatch frcrn Lord Robert* at
Ver.ters Viet:
"O*jr march rj; again unopposed. We
are now about eighteen mi!es from Bloera
fontesn. Th« cat-airy division Is aatride
the railway six miles south of Bloemfon-'
ten*.
"There are 21 men wounded and alwut
r-lxty cr seventy were killed or are miss
iEg.
"Colcnel Umpheley has died cf hl^
wounds. Lieutenant Pratt of the Essex
Regiment was wounded severely. The
wounds are as a. rule, more serious than
usual, owing to the exr>an<iing bullets
which are freely n?e<l by the Boers."
FRANCE'S ATTITUDE
REGARDING INTERVENTION
PARIS. March 13.— A representative of
the A«?ociated Pre«s has secured from a
responsib!» mouthpiece of the French
Government the following exposition of
France's attitude In the matter of Inter
vention In the Anglo-Transvaal war.
which It is said has been solicited by
President Kruger. The ofScla! in ques
tion saJ<l :
"We believe it is true the Transvaal has
sent a request to the powers for their
Intervention, tfcough up to this morning
President Kruger's message has not been
announced. As far as France Is concerned
she certainly xriU not take the initiative
In offering England mediation, neither
will Rus.--!a. for the two are naturally
working together in this matter. We feel
that in the present excited state of public
feeling In England, especially as r«*garris
ourselves, any step taken by the French
Government would defeat its own obj<?ct
as«J instead of opening a way to honor
able r>;ace would probably only create
fresh complications. We consider that
overtures for mediation sh"<s>*M emanate
from some power vrhosp cordial relations
with Er^land prevent such a suggestion
being construed a? an unfriendly act. The
Emperor of Germany, for instance, might
take the initiative, or President McKln
ley. without fear of creating the friction
which stands in the way of any such ac
tion on our part, and after tills is done
reliance) can be placed on the unqualified
support of France and Russia, whose only
desire is to see the end of the bloodshed
and who are eager to lend their good of
fices In bringing about this end."
FEARFUL SUFFERING
AT BESIEGED MAFEKING
LONDON. March 11— A dispatch re
ceived by a South Africa firm In London,
dated Mafeking. Tuesday. March «. via
Lobatsi. March 3. says: "All well, but
town still besieged."
A dispatch to the Times from Mafeklng.
dated Monday, March 5. eaye the garrison
at that place was then feeling acutely the
etress of the siege. They were reduced
to the use of horseflesh and bread maile
from horse forage, while the water waj
parasiticaily contaminated. Typhoid, dys
entery bsiA diphtheria were epidemic, but
it was' impossible to isolate the victims.
The Bufferings of the women and chil<lren
were terrible and there were deaths in the
women's laager dally. The native popu
lation was starving. The military opera
tions were progressing favorably. They
tad been extended to the brick fields,
whence the enemy had been completely
expelled. .
ROBERTS' RAPID ADVANCE
OVER SCORCHING PLAINS
J3REIFONTEIN. Orange Free State,
Sunday. March IL— General Roberts' ad
vance yesterday- across the scorching
Dlalns from Poplar Grove to this place
was* marked by the most severe engage
rr.ert elnee crossing the Mcdder riv#>r.
The Boers stubbornly contested every
foot cf ground, only fleeing at dusk, when
Lord Boberts threw most of hla troop*
against the center of their weakened line.
At the point where Colonel Broadwood
turaei the Boer left he found himself un-
Cti the fir* of their nine-j?ounder. The
Boers, however, ultimately hoisted the
white flag-. When Colonel Broadwood ad
vanced he was surprised to find the Boer*
had taken advantage of the cessation of
fire to escape in the darknesa. The Trans
vj-al prisoners showed they were entire
ly surprised by Lord Roberts' tactics.
A 1A 1 Free Stater whose house President
Krug-er occupied during- the Boer flight
from Osfontein said he complained to the
President about the depredations of the
Transvaaters, . whereupon the. President
replied: < •
"No wonder we are beaten. The burgh
ers entered into the war to fight for' a
righteous cause, but now they have de
veloped Into horse and cattle stealers."
DETERMINED ATTACKS
MADE UPON MAFEKING
LONDON*. March 14.— Lady Sarah Wil
son wires to the Daily Mail from Mafek-
Ing. under date of March 6. by native run
ner to Lobatsi. March 9. as follows:
On Saturday, March J. the Boers furiously |
bombarded the brick fields and trenches about !
' a mi!e from the town for thre* hours, killing t
oat and wc^cdinr two colonials.--. ¦< ;¦'.::"
On Mor.dajr, , March 5. they made a deter
ralTwd mttaclc.- Owing "Ttr a~nUsaaderEtandlng
the colsnlata evacuated the ,Xoreiaoat . tr«weh." ¦*
This the Boers occupied, but reserves were
MORAL REFORM WAVE
STRIKES NEW YORK
Concert Halls Balded and Their Pro
... . prietors Placed Under
'¦•• ; Amitv;''
t NEW, TORK. * March H-^-Thei" police, to^
nlajit raided all tha concert halls la the
Salisbury's Blunt reply
to Kruger and Steyn
! I>ONDON,' ; March 13.— Aj parliamentary,
paper _; containing** the^telegTaonas • sent ito ;
the;Britlsh Government, by; the. Presidents 1
of.'th'e! South' African 'Republic ; and Jth'e
Orange'; Free | State = *;*and 'Great; Britain's
reply thereto was "issued "this- afternoon.'
It first elves the telegram sent by. the two
Presidents to the Marquis of Salisbury, as
follows:'-; ¦ -, ' ; - ,' ' - _ '¦'¦¦' :vh*.~. : A'.x> t
BLOEMTONTEIX. March . SA-Th« blood and
tears ¦ of- thousands '.who -have-* Buffered 'by, this
war, and. the, prospect. of all moral and econom
ic rain ; wherewith ' South Africa Is now. threat
ened,', make It necessary for. both bellgerents to
ask themselves - and v ¦ la the
¦!ght :: of ¦ the ¦ triune Ood -for .what ;i are - V they
fighting 'and /whether the aim ; of each ; Jurtlfles
all ¦ this ' appalling ! misery . and " devastation.
" With this object, and 'ln view of the aaser
tlcna of various British ¦ statesmen to the ef
fect f that : thia war : wa» begun ". and -la ¦ belnar
carried : on .with' the ' set ; purpose of undermin
ing : her ',. M*je»tr*a authority la South Afrlcsv
and of setting up an . administration • over • all
of South Africa." independent of ¦ her Majesty's
Government, we consider it our dnty to ioletnn
ly. declare that this war. was undertaken solely
as a defensive measure to maintain • the tkreat
en«d ;! Independence of ;th« • South 'African I re
pubile, and Is only continued In order to secure
and ; maintain tha : laeontestahU : Independence
of ; both i republics as y sovereign ." international
states and I to obtain. | the assurance that those
of her -V Majesty* • T - subjects • who i have 1 taken
part with us In this war shall suffer no harm
whatever In person or property. ' On th«s« con
ditions, but on these * conditions alone,-, are we
now,'-;; as "¦¦ In s the ! pa»t. J; _ deflrou* of seeing
peace re-established , In ; South Africa; .while,* If
her ¦¦ . Majesty's . Oovernm*nt /is determined .to
destroy the lndepead«i>o« of the republics, -there
Is < nothing left to ¦ us and • to oar' people but to
persevere to the end in th« course * already be
gua.V*'--..¦.;.,'¦.:¦;':'^'"^fln¦?"¦¦"-¦' :*¦ *- ."*v-i''.l4 11 . ¦•" ~ ; '
; In > spit* of . the ov«rwhelmlng . pr»-emlnenc«
of ' the British empire. w« .hay* confldenc* la*
matuni. declared war upon her Majesty, and the
Orange Free State, with whom there had not
even been any discussion, took a similar step.
Her Majesty** dominions were Immediately In
vaded by the two republics. . Siege was laid
tn f*T«^. towns- within " the _ British . frontier, i
large portion of two colonies . wer» overran, with
great destruction of property and life, and the
republics claimed to treat the Inhabitants of
BLOEMFONTEIN, CAPITAL. OF THE QR^N&E^FREE SKATE
The view shows the market square, a prominent feature of all South African to-wns. J- On the right is -the City Hall-and-the principal Dopper church in the place and on the
left th- Presidency, the Parliament building and the leading hotel. _ • • c": '?'•.' ''['"*¦.. ~ • '
called ur» and the trench was recaptured with
a rush. We had no casualties.
The Boers are very active and It taxes
Colonel Baden-Powell and the garrison very
heavily to prevent them encroaching on oor
lines. Since Commandant Snyman returned
from the north the siege has been prosecuted
with renewed vigor.
Dynamite explosions were heard daring the
last two days of February. The Boers have
be»n blowlns op sections of the northern ratl
way. showing that they fear the approach of
Colonel Plumer"s column.
Tfce new five-Inch gun made here has proved
very satisfactory and accurate. Colonel lla
den-Powell warned Commandant Snyman that
unless be disbanded and disarmed the native
levies filling the Boer forward trenches l>y
March 3 he (Baden-Powell) would no longer
be responsible for restraining Chief. Linchwe
In the Se«iuani district. Commandant Snyman
declined to disband them.
LOOK TO AMERICA
TO TAKE INITIATIVE
NEW YORK. March 13.— Montague
White, agent In this country for the
Boers, returned from Washington late to
night and In an interview soon after his
arrival he said:
"I had an hour's conversation with Mr.
Hill, the Assistant Secretary of State,
and he assured me that he hoped for a
happy solution of the great problem now
before us. I cannot, of course, now give
the details of that conversation. I ex
pect to see Mr. Hill again on Friday next
when I will probably go to the State
Department again. I believe that Ger
many, France and Russia would. certainly
"back up any' movement ' made ' by the
United States Government In the direction
of intervention. I think the European
powers all look to this country to take
the initiative. If any European nation
should Intervene It would tend to destroy
the harmony of the continent. Most of
the powers have interests In Africa, and
their motives would be questioned, but
the United States would have nothing to
gain except the preservation of two sister
republics and no selfish interest could be
Imputed."
JOUBEBT AT PRETORIA.
PRETORIA, Saturday, March 10 (via
Lourenzo Marques March 12).— General
Joubert has arrived here to consult with
the Government. • Rumors of peace over
tures are in the air. All attention Is di
rected to the British advance on Bloem
fontein. '
GERMANY'S LATEST STAND.
BERLIN, March 13.— 1t is seml-offlcially
announced that when ' the Orange Free
State and the Transvaal addressed to a
number of the large and small states
MAJOR GENERAL FRENCH, Commanding the Cavalry Division
of Lord Roberts' Army: ; .*. c
. ?„. ./ This . gallant officer, has; had a large share in «ie successes of the -British' ami' in South^ Africa.
He commanded the British troops at the battle of "ElaAjts Laagte, led.th*-successfttl dash far the relief. of
Ximberley, and now gains 'new laurels at Bloe^ontein.^y being the", first td titter .tte'capital of the Tree
State. Of late he has been at the head of the cavalry in the advance of Lord Boberts' forces.
BRITAIN REJECTS PE AGE OVERTURES,
ROBERTS CLOSES IN ON BLOEMFONTEIN
In Sending the Peace Proposal
to Kngland the United States
Avoided the Possibility of an;
Affront.
Premier Salisbury Promptly Replies De
clining to Accept the Good Offices of
President McKinley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EALI> HEADQUARTERS. WELLJ NGTON HOTEL. ¦WASHINGTON. March
13.— While the United States has not formally proposed to Great Britain,
that It be allowed to use Its good office*) to bring about a cessation of
hostilities and to restore peace In South Africa, it has transmitted to
• London a request made by the Boer Government that it be permitted to
It Is evident to the authorities frcm the reply made by Lord Salisbury
do bo. It Is evident to the authorities from the reply made by Lord Salisbury
aln will' reply to the request of the Pretoria officials denying It. As the United
States in transmitting the request did not urge that it be approved, and as it has
"not Indicated that It proposes to urge Great Britain to permit the use of Its good
offices. It his been saved from an affront such as it might have received had It
adopted the recommendation of pro-Boer agitators In the United Btates and with
out solicitation on the part of Great Britain urged that It accept the President's
.good" offices.
In his dispatch "to the State Department setting forth the appeal «f President
Kruger to both the United Stales and Great Britain. Consul Hay referred to a
conversation he had had with the Boer author! tiea relative to the exercise of
the good offices of the United States. It was apparently the Idea of the Boer
Government that after the-acceptance of Great Britain -of - Its request and the
good offices of. the XTnited States be employed to end the war - there could be a
' discussion of 'terms, for they were not formally presented In the dispatch, for
warded on Sunday by Mr. Hay.
As stated, however. It is understood by the officials here that tho Boers
would bk glad to negotiate with Or*»at Britain far peace on the basis of their
complete Independence. •SRhich, however. Lord Salisbury has declined to consider.
It had been apparent to the officials acquainted with the temper of the British
officials that the British Government would not at this time accept peace; that
such negotiations would be confined to the military commanders of the hos
tile armies when the British were besieging Pretoria.
Montagu White, the unofficial representative ', of the Boer Government here-.
had not expected that the British Government would hearken to the appeals of
the Transvaal. He states, however, that the Boers are not beaten by any means
I yet, "and they will ' contest the advance of the British strenuously and will strong
iljrreslst their capture' of Pretoria. .- '
ivrjrAtfthe meeting of 'the Cabinet to-day Secretary Hay laid before the Preal
¦S- dent • and" his colleagues • the dispatches he. had received from the American Con
f'-.suL'Klt • was at 'first reported that the United States had declined to nae> Its
good offices. This was true to the extent that it would not do so unless It were
' 'i to sbe -invited by Great Britain as well as by. the TracsvaaE The Cabinet baa
%-approved the action'of the President and Secretary of State in transmitting the
.* Information and a Cabinet official with whom I talked regarding the matter said
i-t that' it" was the belief of the officials attending the meeting that the British, Gov
ernment would not consent to permit the United States to mediate.
*;-•'-;¦¦:' LONDON. March 13.— The United States Charge d' Affaires. Henry White, saw
/Lord Salisbury at the Foreign Office this evening and received a formal reply
from the British Government declining the good offices of the United States la
regard to peace. It is understood that the reasons of the Premier are Identical
with those already cabled.
GENERAL WHITE EMBARKS.
DURBAN, March 12.-^General Sir George
Stewart .White has arrived here' and 'em
barked upon 1 the ' transport for East' Lo
ndon."?" ? -¦¦- ¦ "¦ '¦ .:'¦¦,'¦ - : ;¦> --'." ¦ '
•v:' : " ¦ ¦----; - ' -• " . ¦ '.
extensive portions of her Majesty's dominions
as if those dominions had been annexed to one
or the other of them. In anticipation of these
operations the South African republic had been
accumulating for many years past military
stores on an enormous scale, which, by. their
character, could . only have been Intended for
use against Great Britain. ," - -
Toar Honor makes some observations of a
negative character upon the object with which
these preparations were made. I do not think
It necessary to discuss the question roa hare
raised. But. the result of these preparattono.
carried on with : great secrecy, has been. that
the British empire has been compelled, to con
front an Invasion which has entailed, upon the
empire a costly war and the loss of thousands
of precious lives. This great calamity has been
the penalty, Great Britain has suffered for hav
ing or recent years acquiesced la the existence
of the two republics. In -slew of the use to
which the two republics hare put the position
which was siren them.. and the calamities their
unprovoked acts hare Inflicted on her Majesty's
dominions, her. Majesty's Government can enly
answer to your Honors' telegram by saylr.fr that
they are not prepared to assent to the Inde
pendence either of the South African republic
or the Orance Free State.
The correspondence was read In both
houses of Parliament to-day and the con
cluding paragraph of the British Pre
mier's reply elicited prolonged cheers.
BRABANT'S SUCCESS.
ALIWAL NORTH. Cape Colony, by cou
rier to Burghersdorp, via Stormberg Junc
tion. March 13.— General Brabant's force 3
arrived here on Sunday. The Boers had
retired the previous eight, taking up •*
•position four miles beyond the Orange
River, where General Brabant attacked
and drove them back, securing the posi
tion after a sharp engagement.
FRENCH AT BLOEMFON TEIN.
CAPE TOWN. March' li— General
French has arrived at Bloemfontein.
-.This dispatch may mean that General
French : has entered Bloemfontein. or
merely that he Is In the environs, thus be
latedly confirming Lord Roberts' advices
to the War Office yesterday.
BARKEL EY EAST REOCCUPIED.
HERSCHEL. Cape Colony.; March VL
The Caps Mounted Police have reoceupled
Berkley East. -'¦ -
SAN FRANCISCO,, WEDNESnAY^- MARCH \ 14,, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIL — NO. 104.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call"Never Chit Cettaintj V \
For Hope/
' . You may take Hood's SarsapaHUa' for
¦ alt diseases arising from i-or 7 - promoted by
} impure blood <with perfect confidence that
'it <wiU do you good. Never take any sub-
stitute. V; In Hood's SarsaparSla you: have
the' best medicine money can 'buy. 'It
* cures, — completely and permanently, —
tvhen others fad to do any good.
Bcrof ulous Humor—''/ was in ter-
rible condition from the itching and burning
¦of scrofulous humor. Grew <worse under
treatment of several doctors. Took
Hood's SarsapariUa , and Hood's ;PXls.
These cured me thoroughly/ J.J. Little,
Futtmi. MtY. ¦•*¦ - ¦
on the legs, barely penetrating the flesh.
His son, C. J. Bedford, was seated by his
side and was struck by several shot but
not hurt.
A Deputy Sheriff hurriedly brought
Wright to the County Jail here, as It was
feared h« would be seriously dealt with
by the Bedford faction. < .
The immediate causa of the shooting
was a decision rendered in the Superior
Court this morning adverse to the Wrisrht
people in a suit that was brought by Mrs.
Mary Davison, Wright's mother, to re
cover 16036 interest and principal from her
son-in-law, John Bedford, on a private
note. Judgment was rendered to-day in
favor of the defendant. The note had out
lawed while Mrs. Davison and her
daughter and son-in-law were on good
terms previous to the commencement of
the action. Wright supported his mother
In tho differences, and when the decision
was given adverse to her he worked him
self into the murderous state exhibited.
This is not the first time that Mrs. Davi
son has' been brought into public notice.
Although over 80 years of age. she was
married to Dr. H. B. Davison of San
Francisco in April of last year. A few
months later she brought suit to recover
$3000 she had loaned him a few days pre
vious to the marriage. His San Fran
cisco drug store was attached and Is to be
sold soon to satisfy her Judgment.
SUBSCRIBERS
ARE YEARNING
FOR THE NEWS
Rivals of the Topeka Capital
Enjoy a Temporary,
Boom.
Bey. Mr. Sheldon's Ideas on What
to Print Are Not Satisfactory to
Regular Patrons of th«
TOPEKA, March 13— The first issue of
the Sheldon edition of the Topeka Capital
went to press" at 2:37 this morning and
the press was kept, running until noon,
printing over 100,000 copies. The rest of
the edition will.be printed in Chicago and
New York, for which matrices will be
sent daily. The management' of the paper
says about 360,000 copies are required daily
and that fresh orders are coming by every
mail, 15,000 having arrived yesterday. Mr.
Sheldon was at his desk again at 8:45 this
morning. ; • '
The paper is not satisfactory to the reg
ular, subscribers and outside papers have
been bought freely to-day.
The leading story on the first page of
the Rev. Charles M. Sheldon's Christian
daily to-morrow morning will be a brief
statement by Associate Editor Chase
telling of tbe prompt response that has
been made to the appeal printed in this
morning's paper in behalf of famine
stricken India. The Christian Endeavor
World of Bo3ton telegraphed Mr. Sheldon
urging him to - open a fund, but he says
he Is too busy to attend to the work and
suggests . that , contributions' be sent
through regular channels.
Some News Features.
Governor Stanley writes a column arti
cle on the most -gratifying feature of his
administration, which, he says, is the pro
fress prison reform has mads in the
tate. ¦.¦¦¦. : ¦ •¦¦ ¦¦ . *- .<;.
Another feature of the page will be an
anti-war cartoon by Beard and in ¦ this
connection General Otis' latest list of
casualties in Luzon will be run, with com
ment by Editor Sheldon. . *
A leading article on the local page will
be a statement from the Kansas Millers'
Association protesting against alleged un
just treatment they received at the hands
of the railroads.. .
¦On the' telegraph page much will be
made of the war, and Editor Sheldon will
comment freely on the news. There will
be a long special from Grinnell, lowa,
telling ior the resignation of President
Gates of lowa College, and giving reasons
therefor. - . • -
The editorial leader will be headed,
"What Can We Do to Make This a Better
City?" It advocates non-partisan politics
and urges a higher standard of righteous
ness among officials and people.
national banks In taking; out circulation, we
may also look for a material Increase In na - s
tolnal bank circulation based on additional de
posits of bonds. . • • ¦
National banks are permitted under tho la,w
to Issue circulation up to an amount eaual to
their capital. The total capital of all national
banks Is J616.000.000. The total circulation out
standing Is 1253.000.000. There is. therefore, a
possibility of an Increase ¦In circulation of
$363,000,000. although the price of the new 2
per cent bonds, as already foreshadowed by
market quotations In advance of their issue,
promises to be so hlg;h that the profit to the
banks In taking; out- circulation will not be
enough to make the Increase anything nke
such a possible total. \ :
Comptroller Dawes, when asked what
his course would be in connection with
requests for national bank charters under
the new law, said: ' ;-i
The Question of the best methods of pre
venting; the abuse of the new law, which au
thorizes the establishment of banks of J25.000
capital In towns with not exceeding; 3000 peo
ple, has had my careful consideration. In
view of the . large ' number of applications for
charters of small banks I shall Inotltute special
Inquiry in -addition to the usual examination
aa authorized by section 5169 of the Revised
Statutes of the United States whenever there
Is the slightest e^-ound to suspect the existence
of Improper motives on the part of those apply
ing for charters under the national system.
CURRENCY BILL READY
FOR THE SIGNATURE
Conference Report as Adopted by the
¦~. Senate Agreed To by the
House.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— The lan leg
islative step in the enactment of the llnan
cial bill was taken by" the House of Rep
resentatives to-day, when the conference
report on the bill was adopted by a voto
of yeas 166, nays 120, present and not vot
ing 10. The Senate had already adopted
the conference ieport, so that it only re
mains for the President to affix his signa
ture to the measure to make it a Taw.'
Representative Overstreet. the author of
the bill, will take it to the White House
to-morrow, and the signature is likely to
be affixed soon thereafter.
Nine Democrats voted with the Repub
licans to agree to the report, viz : Clay
ton, Driggs, Underhill, Levy, Scudder. all
of New York; Denny of Maryland, Mc-
Aleer of Pennsylvania, Thayer and Fitz
gerald of Massachusetts. In other respects
the vote was on party lines.,
m ¦¦ . v ¦ .
MILLIONS FOR THE INDIANS.
Appropriation Bill Completed by
Senate Committee.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— The Senate
Committee on Indian Affairs to-day com
pleted consideration of the Indian appro
priation bill and Senator Thurston .re
ported it to the Senate.- The bill as re
ported carries $8,413,641, an Increase of
$1,148,903. The principal items of the in
creased - appropriation are for the - sup
port of Indian schools. Other increases
are the ' following: $186,000 for the pay
ment of the loyal Seminoles; $260,000 in
crease of the appropriation of the Dawes
commission; $50,000 for stamping j out
smallpox in the Indian Territory: $67,000
for a townsite commission for the Terri
tory.' All of the House legislative pro
visions were, stricken out, the committee
taking the . position that the bills should
carry only ' appropriations.
Bill for a Cable to Cape Nome.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— A bill was
introduced in the Senate to-day ' by Sen
ator Foster authorizing the construction
by the Government of a cable, from some
port on the coast of the State of Wash
ington to Cape Nome and other points
in Alaska. . /
SUPPOSED MURDERER OF MINER '
R. R. WATTS IS ARRESTED AT RENO
To Preach in Woodland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. • WOODLAND, March 13.— Five congre
gations In . Woodland ¦,' -have.: secured the
services of Jack Cooke," the boy. preacher.'
He will begin a week's work as soon as he
finishes his San Francisco engagement.'. ¦
COLOMBIA'S REVOLT.
Indications That the Revolution Is
Not Near a Settlement.
KINGSTON. Jamaica. March 13.— Th»
latest news from Colombia is to the ef
fect that the revolution will last the next
twelve months, as the Government is ob
structing the Liberals in every conceiv
able way and at the same time addles
much to its treasury. Business is at a
standstill in every part of the republic
and there la very little foodstuffs on the
market.
- On March 4 an ofScer and a soldier on
duty at Cartheg<ena quarreled and the for
mer struck off the latter'a head with hl»
sword.
FAMILY ROW
NEARLY ENDS
IN MURDER
Jerry Wright of Anderson
Fires Two Shots at
John F. Bedford.
Decision Rendered by the Superior
Court Adverse to One of the Liti
gants in a Suit Causes
the Shooting:.
REDDING. March 13.— An a result of a
family quarrel extending over several
years. Jerry Wright, a merchant of An
derson, this afternoon fired two shots at
his brother-in-law. John F. Bedford, a
prominent merchant and politician of that
town. Wright stood in his store and. rest
ing the weapon through a window, flred
both barrels of a shotgun at Bedford, who
was sitting In front of his own store.
Luckily for the man shot at, the gun was
loaded with small shot and little damage
resulted. One leaden pellet passed
through his cheek and several struck him
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Boots, of the Unfortunate Victim and His Valise Found in the
; Prisoner's Possession.
Hales.
Hales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -WEDNESDAY; HAKJDH, 14, 1900.
bibb *^(j^"^>
I ' " ' '^*%srTsl I m
H just room enough here to tell you of a M
I few of the good things on sale this week. I
¦ not an unworthy item in it. H
I children's v ; Iflp I
I muslin drawers lUu I
¦ children's muslin drawers, made of 9
I good soft, finish muslin, wide hem and ¦
¦ cluster of tucks at bottom, for ages 3to M
I - 12 years. I
I 3000 yards 1500 yards I
I of flannelette madras 1
¦j E 27 inches wide, in 27 and 32 inches wide, fijj
1 light pinks and blues, light and medium m
B the yard 0n1y ... r. colors, regular l2^c"Tp M
H 91 quality, now fb Ej
1 mail orders promptly filled. I i
U \r 1* * !
H all the good season- black taffeta, 4o H
H able colorings, 37 inches wide, me- B
e| inches wide, just dium stiff finish. J. B
R the thing for chil- J. O'Brien & Co.'s ||
H dren's wear. J. J. price I 5C — a lim- I
n O'Brien & Co.'s QQ« ited quantity only in- H
g price 5()c — now uJll at .....yard lUu B
Ml "V 5 £*i f\ wT s?*l miJ f% ' «Sl
g corseis zou «
R ladies' corsets, drab jean, medium j§
B waist, 5-hook clasp, lace trimmed tops, g
B sizes 18 to 28. I g
H 1 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street. B
mi-l-M I-M-I I II I 1 I I I 1 I I I 1 I I I 1 H"M"M»I"M M I- '!¦!¦ M I I I 1 I I I I'-FI
IHEADAGHES, !
t CONSTIPATION, i
| LOSS OF APPETITE, ;
HUDYAN CURES,;
The three conditions mentioned .
I* HH B above are usually associated and de- •
BP^/^?^B note a derangement of stomach, liver ;
T sw (LfefT^'^^slllM or nervous system.
T • . ¦¦!%:. %^{&^^H HUDYAX affords prompt relict. be- .
Z iiHJKf^ S^-T^^H cause HUDYAN* reaches all these in its ;
•• isHKMjI- curative intluence. HUDYAN cstab- .
T BL-ffiL-r- ~<<?&F^A lishes perfect digestion, perfect activity ¦
¦--/¦-.",-¦ |HBk*-Hisj| of liver and creates strong. - healthy ;
*r K*Jss9— -^^ nerves. , ." •
.f ': ; f^^<^ »^B HUDYAX cures all such weaknesses •
T w/F {- — y as indicated by the numbers. . Women ;
y. w \a\A*i ¦ and men wh ° are pale or sal ' ow ' ema " •
¦H I % ' ciatc^ or ncrv 9 us « * h( ? ul(i take HUD- •
¦»fc?vnS^ J Nausea, sleeplessness, haggard ,4o6k', •
H ¦^?w >> ; [ __ ¦T3kHfl dizzy sensations, pain in small of back, •
*I ¦'".-¦ "-"•*» c ?>y \^M pain in" joints and. muscles, general *
I 1/ N/jflH weakness and all-pone feeling, all are .
\\ BHk\ _-A >* ; 'wt^H symptoms that tell of above weaknesses. •
'.'. s^Bk.^St^^Or^iil "''¦B HUDYAN will promptly^bring Ihealth '
tWr^ [If 1H and strength and perfect relief from .
• •19 ' \IH HUDYAN acts gently yet effectively ;
•j* ¦». _«JH u P° n '' vcr> tnu<; f" rn ' smn^ 'he bowel-; '.
*' sHHHsHflrissfllJlH with nature's laxative— the bile. HUD- •
II VAN cures permanently. . '. .. . *
• • ¦¦".." ¦' HUDYAN— aII druggists— 50c ' a package, six packages for $2.50. : \
II If your druggist does. not keep it send direct to the HUDYAN REM- •
.. EDY CO., corner Stockton, Ellis and Market streets,- San Francisco, '
•;-;.Cai.. '¦::> : - r • . .-.-. _?¦ ;-. ... - % ¦ ¦ •¦- v.
.. I consult rites. -I torm . c«ll or Write to Them.
2
ARREST OF MARK WESTLAKE and an Array of Evi
dence Against Him.
RENO, Nev., March 13.— 8hertff John
son of Sacramento last night-tele
graphed Sheriff Mclnnls of Reno
giving a description of Mark alias
William Westlake, who is wanted
In Sacramento for the murder of R. R
Watts, which was committed about the
20th of February. Sheriff Mclnnis and
Deputy Hayes scoured the town last
night, but only succeeded In ascertaining
that Westlake was working as a section
hand on the Southern Pacific road two
miles west of town. This morning J. J.
Hicter, Deputy Sheriff, arrived from Sac
ramento and accompanied Sheriff Mcln
nis to where Westlake was working and
arrested him. Westlake at first denied
his identity, but when taken before Man
ager James Welshon of the Riverside
Mills, who has known him for years, he
could no longer maintain his alias. West
lake came here ten days ago and regis
tered at the Clarendon Hotel as Billy
Brown. He applied to Manager Welshon
at the Riverside Mills for work, but got
nothing to do. Two days later he went to
work as a section hand on the railroad
and has worked there until this morning,
when he was arrested.
In his room at the Clarendon Hotel was
found a valise which the officers state
belonged to Watts, the murdered man,
and when arrested he was wearing a pair
of silk-topped graiters which a!*o belonged
to Wattf. The shoes were three sizes too
large for Westlake and had cotton stuffed
In the toes.
Wectlake was interviewed at the Coun
ty Jail to-night. He appeared to be quite
cheerful and ready to talk, but very reti
cent and evasive when pressed In regard
to exact dntes and points directly touch-
Ing the Watts case.
"I am not guilty, and that s all I can
pay," he said. "The last time I saw
Watts was in Sacramento on a Wednes
day night some time In February- I
could fix the date by looking it up. I
met him on the street. He said he was
poinjr to Fee a young fellow at the Pop
ular Restaurant ana wanted me to go
with him. I told him I would see him
later, and he went away. I never saw
him after that night. I do not know the
man's name at the Popular, but I could
find him in Sacramento. A day or two
after that the man at the employment
office a*ked me where Watts was. I told
him I did not know and asked him if he
had not se^n him.
"I worked the following Thursday and
Friday unloading coal in a coalyard in
Facramento, and on Saturday I went to
Chlco for a number of horses for the em
ployment agency man. I was away four
days. After I returned I came to Truckee,
a*id after one night there came here, and
in two days went to work on the section."
The officers suspected that he rode on
a pass stolen f rcm Watts, and in reply to
a question Westlake declared that he had
paid his fare and had no pass. His pos
session of the valise and shoes, that were
found in his room at the Clarendon and
which are" said to have been the property
cf Mr. Watts, ne explained by .saying that
he had bought them at a store In Marys «
vllle. but he could'not remember the name
of the store.
Questioned as to his relations with Mrs.
Martha Brauhard, Westlake declared that
he never knew her except by sight. She
used to come to the placer where he
stopped, but he never had any relations
with her. But be stated very positively
that he knew that Mrs. Brauhard and
her half-brothpr. Maxwell, or Bowen, lived
together as man and wife. Westlake de
nied that he had ever sold a gold watch
in Sacramento or that he had assumed
the name of. "W. R. Roberts," or signed
it to'any paper. ¦ .' '. ' ¦ .-• ;':,
W. R.- Roberts was the name signed, to
the bill of sale of Watts' gold watch,
which it is presumed the murderer stole.-'
Westlake this afternoon signed an agree
ment to accompany Officer Hinter to Sac
ramento without the formality of a requi
sition, and they left for that city by, to
night's train, westlake claims to have no
relatives on the coast except his wife and
children, who live at 818 I street, Sacra
mento. He came from Henry County, Il
linois ¦._ ¦¦:¦. ¦••¦¦¦¦ .
WESTLAKE'S ACCOMPLICE
IGNORANT OF HIS ARREST
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 13. — Sheriff
Johnson has deemed it advisable to keep
!rom' Charles Brauhord for the present
:he fact that Mark Westlake, hla sup
posed accomplice, is under arrest. The
Sheriff has given the Jailers orders not to
>ermlt the two men to meet when "West
ake is brought down from Reno, Nev., to
norrow. • • ; - -
The "arrest of Westlake is regarded at.
>f the utmost importance. It. ls believed
hat Cooney, the. pawnbroker, will be able
:o -Identify him as the man from whom. he
purchased the watch, chain and nugget
pin of R. R. Watts, the, murdered miner,
rhe fact that Watts' boots and valise
urere found in Westlake's possession is of
:he most damaging significance taken in
;onnectlon with the finding of some of
Watts' clothing in Westlake's room in
Sacramento after his departure. No date
las as yet been fixed for the examina
tion of Brauhard, Odell and Mrs. Brau
lard.
The body of Watts was found on March
' by some boys who were playing on the
evee along the Sacramento -river. Inves
igation showed that he had been brutal
y murdered by having his brains dashed
>ut with a Jagged rock, which was found
lear the body, and that the murder had
)een ' accomplished some time before the
:rime was discovered.
Watts had been entangled in a mining
tcheme with Mrs. Brauhard. He had been
nduced by the woman to deed to her
:lghty acres of mining land in Shasta
bounty in return for which she trans
'erred to him an interest in her property
n Amador County. After Watts inspect
ed the Amador property he told the
voman that he would .not give her $2 50
lor all she had in Amador County. The
leal . was . consummated before Watts
nade an inspection of the -property she
;ransferred to him.
Mrs. Brauhard conducted an employ
ment agency in Sacramento and Watt*
had rooms over her place. .The woman
gained considerable notoriety recently, by
being arrested at' the instance of J. M.
Leeper. According to Mrs. Brau
nard had swindled him in a mining deal."
She caught him, as it was alleged she had
caught many, others, by the following ad
vertisement: • •. .- ' ' • ."'¦'• ' • "
A nice-looking;, respectable young widow, no
children, has large real estate and mining;
property, owns also a fine country home within
x short distance of Sacramento, wishes to be
come acquainted with an honest workln«man.
All letters answered. Intention, matrimony.
'. Mrs.^Brauhard's; plan was to first learn
If a suitor had money. If such was the
case he was permitted to take a share in
her mining property and then dig a. tun
nel in the hills looking for gold. Tho
depth of the tunnel dyg usually was in
proportion to the victim's love.
, Watts was a witness in Leeper's : case
against Mrs. Brauhard and the police of
Sacramento, acting on the theory that it
would be to Mrs. Brauhard's interest to
have Watts out of the way, held her on
the suspicion that she might know much
about the murder. For the same reason
the woman's husband Is still in prison,
while her partner In the employment -of
fice. .George Odell, was also arrested.
' Suspicion was first directed against
Westlake for the reason that he was very
friendly with both Mrs. Brauhnrd and her
husband and when his room was searched
aome of Watts' clothing was found in it.
BARD IS GIVEN
PLACES ON FIVE
COMMITTEES
<
Senators Resign to Create
Positions for the
Californian.
Turner of Washington Attacks the
, Constitutionality of the
Porto Bican Tariff
Measure.
,
"WASHINGTON. March 13.— 1n the Sen
ate to-day Kean of New Jersey resigned
from the Committee on Public Lards,
Thurston of Nebraska from the Commit
tee on Railroads, Simon of Oregon from
the -Committee on the Potomac River
Front. Foster of Washington from the
Qjmmlttee on Woman Suffrage and Wet
more of Rhode Island from the Committee
on Manufactures. President pro tern. Kryo
then appointed Bard of California to tne
eeveral committees, from which the Sen
ators had resigned in order to make com
mittee places for him.,
¦Personal explanations were made in the
Btnate by Allen of Nebraska and Butler
of North Carolina of their position on the
financial question. Both announced tbelr
belief in the free and unlimited coinage
cf silver at the ratio of 1C to 1. The bis te
nants were called out by reports o th*
contrary which had gained circulation*
Turner of Washington began an extend
ed speech on the Porto Rican bill. 'If*
maintained that the pending bill clrtirly
was unconstitutional, and «xpr«»ssed his
belief that it would be bo held if lt.w*re
passed upon by tbe Supreme Couru fie
ceclarrd its enactment would result 'n Vac
debauchery of our citizenship or of out
constitution. :_: _
He presumed that the minority in Con
press would be charged with favoring
competition of American working people
with the underfed and underpaid labor ol
Porto Rico and the Philippines; but In
ttals connection he said it would have tc
be remembered that the minority bad op
posed consistently the acquisition of th<
islands. Even now he believed the United
Etates ought to let the Philippines! go In
rx^ice " It ought to be the mlesion of this
country to rive them a start on the. road
t» pood government and then permit
them to proceed for themselves, reserving
uuch ooailnx stations and harbors as we
mlg-ht need. If the commercial interests,
he said, must have their pound of flesh,
this country might make treaties with the
Filipinos affording us such advantages as
their *.ense of gratitude to the United
States might prompt them to give us.
Traditions Thrust Aside.
Turner thought the bill to levy a tariff
on the commerce between Porto Rico and
other portions of the United States was a
poor return for the ready acceptance of
our institutions on the part of the Porto
Ricans. and "no amount of sugar coating
could disguise Its evil smell or nauseating
taste." It was, to his mind, a desperate
assault upon the liberties of the people.
The evident purpose was to break down
the system which had stood the test of
123 years. The bill was clearly unconsti
tutional and -it was repugnant to every
utterance of the Supreme Court bearing
upon the subject:
Turner feared, indeed, that the meas
ure was one of those innovations against
which the fathers had warned the Ameri
can people, and he considered it wise to
stop and consider whither we were drift-
Ing. He did not agree with Foraker that
"we have passed the law-book stage,"
and quoted numerous decisions of the Su
preme Court to sustain his point, which
was that the constitution must apply
equally to all portions of the territory of
the United States and that there could
properly be no discrimination in favor of
one section in the matter of taxation or
otherwise In the interest of another sec
tion.
NOMINEES OF RHODE
ISLAND REPUBLICANS
¦William Gregory of North Kingston
Named for Governor by
Acclamation.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., March 13.— The
Republican State Convention here to-day
was the largest ev°r. held in this State.
The enthusiasm was marked. -George H.
Utter of Westerly was the chairman. He
re%Mewed the events of the past four
years, claiming that the promises made in
the last national campnign had been ful
filled. He said: "The Philippines belong
to us as truly as does this little • State,"
and added: ."The conclusion is unavoid
able that the. American people. owe it. to
the people of those islands and of the
world as much as to. themselves to bring
order out of chaos and to give to the isl
ands the highest form of government fo'i
which their people are prepared."
The following nominations were made
by acclamation :
Governor— William Gregory. North Kingston
Lieutenant Governor-^Charies Dean .Kimball,
Providence. ' '
Attorney General— Vflllard B. Tanner. Provi
dence. .¦. ¦ . i . ¦ '-. i '<:-¦ . . - ¦>
Secretary of State — Charles P. Bennett. Provi
dence.
General ! Tr»asor*r— Walter A. , Read,' Glouces
ter. T . • . ..- • ¦,-, '¦Aj^'w
Delegates- and alternates to the National Re
publican . Convention were , elected.
: ¦ . ... '¦'»'¦" — — '„ .-"-.•..*
I The friends of ' the Old '? Government
Whisky are never drunkards. ' "
CURRENCY BILL
EXPLAINED BY
SECRETARY GAGE
Intent of the Measure Which
Is About to Become
a Law.
All Forms of Money Issued or Coined
to Be Kept at a Parity "With the
Gold Standard off ;•
Value*
' . ¦ - ' . ¦ ¦
WASHINGTON, March 13.— Secretary
Gage to-day made a statement in explana
tion of the provision of the financial bill
that passed the House, in which he says:
The financial bill, which now only _ awaits
the signature of the President to become a law,
has for its first object what, its title Indicates,
the fixing of the standard of value and the
maintaining at a parity with that standard of
all forms of money Issued or coined by the
United States.- It reaffirms that the unit of
value is the dollar, consisting of twenty-five
and eight-tenths grains of gold nine-tenths
fine, but from that point It goes on to make it
the duty of the Secretary of • the Treasury to
maintain all forms of money Issued or coined
at a parity with this standard. It puts into
the hands of the Secretary ample power to do
that. *
For that purpose the bill provides In ' the
Treasury Bureaus of Issue and - Redemption,
and transfers from the general fund of the
Treasury's cash $150,000,000 in gold coin and
bullion to the redemption fund, that gold tq be
usod for the redemption of United States notes
and Treasury notes.- That "fund Is henceforth
absolutely cut out of and i separated' from « the
cash balance In the Treasury, i and the avail
able cash ' balance will' hereafter 'show- tC re
duction of $150,000,000 from the figures -that have
heretofore prevailed. This $150,000.000 ' redem
ption fund Is to be used for no other purpose,
than the redemption of the United States notes
and Treasury ; notes, and . these notes so re
deemed may be exchanged for gold in the gen
eral fund or with the public, -so that the re
serve fund is kept full with gold to the $150,
000,000 limit.
: }. f " Power . to Sell \ Bonds. ¦¦• ": ;¦ •
The Secretary is given . further : power. . If
redemptions go. on so that the gold) in this re-*
serve fund is reduced to b»low 1100,000.000 and
be Is unable to. build up to the $150,000,000 mark,
by exchange for . gold - In . the general fund tor
otherwise, -he is, given power to sell bonds, and
It Is made his duty to' replenish "the gold to the
$150,000,000 mark by such means.-'. '¦•"¦"- ';• .
', The "endless chain" 'is' broken' by a provision
which 'prohibits the use ' of .:• notes so redeemed
t<>( meet deficiencies in the current revenues.
The act provides for the ultimate retirement of
all the Treasury notes ! issued in payment for
silver bullion under the Sherman act.. As 'fast i
as the bullion Is coined into' silver dollars
Treasury notes are to be retired and replaced
with an equal amount of silver certificates.
The measure authorizes the Issue of gold cer- .
tlflcates in exchange for deposits of gold coin,
the same as at present, but suspends that au
thority whenever -and- so long us the gold In
the redemption fund is below $100,000,000. and
Klv«s to the Secretary • the option to suspend
the Issue of such certlflcirtes whenever the sli
ver certificates and United States notes in the
general fund of the Treasury exceed $60,000,000.
The bill provides for a larger Issue of silver
certificates, by declaring that hereafter * sliver
certificates shall be issued only In denomina
tions of »10 and under, except as to 10 per cent
of the total volume. Room Is made for this I
larger use of silver certificates In the way of
small bills by another provision which makes
It necessary, as fast as the present silver cer
tificates of high denominations are broken up
Into small bills, to cancel a similar volume of
United States notes of small denominations,
and replace them with notes of denominations
of $10 and upward. Further room is made for
th« circulation of small silver certificates by
a clause which permits national banks to have
only one-third of ¦ their capital in denomination
under $10. ,¦ _ '.;. .:
Subsidiary'; Silver Coin.
I One clause which the public will greatly ap
preciate is the right that It given to the Secre
tary to coin any of the . 1890 bullion into sub
sidiary silver coin up to a limit of $100,000,000.
There has for years been a scarcity of sub
sidiary sliver during, periods of active retail
trade, but this provision will give the treas
ury 1 ample opportunity to supply all the sutn
sldiary silver thafts needed. Another provision
that the public will greatly appreciate Is the
authority given to the Secretary to recota worn
and uncurrent subsidiary silver now in * the
treasury or hereafter received. The bill makes
a continuing appropriation for paying the dif
ference .between -the face value of 'such coin
and the amount the same will produce . in . the
new coin. . <-'¦' •¦"¦-•- ¦"¦•¦ - ¦ •.::'¦ "•,,'¦'¦: -
A distinct feature of the bill is In reference
to refunding the 8 per cent Spanish war. loan,
the 2 per cent bonds maturing in 1907 and the
6 per cent bonds maturing in J'jM, a total of
$539,000,000, Into new 2 per cent. bonds. These
new i per cent bonds .will not be offered for
sale, but will only be Issued In exchange for
an equal amount, if a«e value, of old bonds. \
The holders of old bonds will receive a-pre
mium In cash to compensate them' ln a measure
for the sacrifice of interest which they, make.
The cash premium will be computed on a basis
of the present worth -of the old bonds at 2"£
per cent and will be, on April l.'the date that
the. new 2 per cent bonds will bear,' $106.6851 for
the 3's. $111.6766 tor the 4' s. and $110. 0751 "for
each $100 of the 6' s. -This exchange will save
the Government," after deducting the premium
paid, nearly $23,000,000, If all the holders of the
old . bonds exchange • them for the • new '¦ ones.
National banks that take out. circulation based
on the new bonds are to be taxed' only one-half
of 1 per cant on. the average amount of circu
lation - outstanding,- while those ! who have . cir
culation based on a deposit of old bonds will
be taxed.' as at present.".. 1: per } cent. ¦..•¦ \
Increase of Bank Circulation.
There; are some * other ¦'. chanjres In. the na
tional I banking- act.' - The law permits the na
tional banks with $25,000 capital to be organized
In places of 3000 Inhabitants or less, whereas,
heretofore, 'the minimum capital^ has- been $50,-
COO. 'It also permits banks to issue circulation
of • all • classes * of « bonds -. deposited ? up ; to ' the
par value of the bonds. Instead of 90 per <J«nt
of , their face value, as r heretofore. This 'ought
to . make <an Immediate increase -in < national
bank circulation -of something ' like > $24,000,000,
an the amount' of bonds now deposited to se
cure circulation is about j52«,M0,000.' ! , If the
price of the : new twos ; Is ' not . forced so high
In tbe - market ' that . there Is no profit left toADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Booth-Tucker Ill.
RACINE, Wls., March 13.— Mrs.' Booth-
Tucker of the Salvation Army, who was
THE LORD MAYOR OF LONDON.
- For the first time In Ita history the Irish flag will, on St. Patrick's day,
float -over the Mansion House in London, the official residence of the Lord
Mayor. This is at the special direction of that high official. Mr. Alfred J.
Newton,-- and ¦ presumably with the approval of the Home Office, in recogni
tion of the services of , the Irish troops In South Africa. This comes right
on the heels of an order granting permission to the Irish troops In the field
to wear the shamrock on that day. The two things Indicate a spirit of con
cession on the part of the British Government toward the Irish.
Lord Salisbury; has Just given notice of the intention of the Queen to
confer a baronetcy on Lord Mayor Newton, and knighthood upon the two
Sheriffs, Messrs. Treloar and Bevan, In recognition of the distinguished war
services of the city.
GWIN BELIEVED
HE WAS FREE
TO WED AGAIN
Defense Set Up by the Doctor
Who Eloped With an
Heiress.
Will Now Seek in - California a Di
vorce From His First Wife to
Acquit Himself of
Bigamy.
Special EHspatch to The Call.
FALL RIVER. Mass., March 13.— Dr.
Walter L. Gwin eloped from this city with
Eva May Lake last Jiine'. a few days after
Mrs. Gwin had received a' divorce decre
nisi. After a chase across the continent
Gwin .was caught, and; taken to Maine,
where \ he was charged with bigamy, but
waß'*' admitted to - ball. He . Immediately
left for California and went to live with
Eva Lake, whom he had married In Do
ver. Me. The decree nisi issued by Judgs
Braley was not in full effect when this
was done, hence the prosecution. The
first wife created a sensation by with
drawing her suit for divorce before tha
decree nisi became absolute and this act,
so far as Massachusetts law wa3 con
cerned, made Dr. Gwin still her legal
husband.
All attempts to Induce Eva Lake Gwln
to come from California have been fruit
less. She is an only child and an heiress.
Gwln did not present himself at Dover.
Me., on Saturday to answer to the charge
of • bigamy and his attorney obtained a
stay. Gwln will now attempt to get a
divorce from his first wife In California
and thus legalize his second marriage.
His defense was that he had been advised
that he did not need to wait for the de
cree nisi to become absolute before mar
rying again. •*: « " ;
ered to purchase thirty million feet of
lumber for the War Department's use Jn
Alaska and the Philippines.
SHOT HIMSELF DEAD.
Unknown Man Ends His Life in the
Stockton Depot.
j STOCKTON. March* 13.— An unknown
man. about 35 years of age, killed himself
at the Southern Pacific depot this evening
by shooting himself in the mouth. He
had two pistols. One was in a coat nocket
and the other he used to end his life.
Nothing was found on his body to disclose
his identity. He had the appearance of
a man who was "addicted to the usp of
morphine, but boys in the neighborhood
think he was ill,, as they saw him in the
depot during the day.
Assistant in Physiology.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 13.—
It -was to-day announced from .the presi
dent's office that Ray Lyman' Wilbur,
Stanford, -A. B. physiology. 1896, A. M.
1897, has been appointed assistant profes
sor in the department of physiology.
Since .graduation Mr. Wilbur has been a
student and Instructor in Cooper Medical
College in' San Francisco, where- he took
his degree in medicine last May. His
work at Stanford will commence next
September. .- -V
HOW GENERAL FRENCH GOT THE NEWS.
(From the Spear.)
The picture chows a sergeant of the Telegraph Battalion, Royal Engi
neers, tapping the line which a working party is carrying ahead, for the pur
pose of communicating with headquarters. Heliographlng and "wig-wag
gmgr with flags are used largely, but they are slow methods and at times
impracticable. The field telegraph and telephone, however, can always be de
pended on unless the enemy "cut in." With every division or Independ
ent body of troops of Lord Roberts' army there is a corps of telegraphers,'
who keep their end of the line well up to the front and are ready at any
time to make report to or take orders from headquarters.
PEACE SEEMS
NEAR AT HAND
IN KENTUCKY
Legislature of the Blue Grass
State Adjourns Sine
Die.
Democrats and Republicans Agree to
Refrain From Violence Until
the Courts Shall Have
Acted.
FRANKFORT. Ky., March 13.— The
Legislature of Kentucky adjourned sine
die to-day. A conference between Adju
tant Generals Collier and Castleman re
sulted In a perfect understanding being
reached. Governor Taylor will continue
to act as Governor. Governor Beckham
will. make r.o move toward obtaining pos
t-ession of the State buildings until the
Court of Appeals has decided the matter.
The Legislature appropriated SIOO.OOO for
ihe use of Governor Beckham in reorgan
izing the State militia. The debate on the
bill in the Hou.se naturally took on a
strong partisan tinge, but it went through
amid wild cheers by a vote of 63 to 15,
most of the Republicans refusing to vote.
It was explained by the Democratic lead
ers on the floor that the fund would not
be used until after the decision of the
Court of Appeals. The bill is regarded as
a "war fund" by the Democrats.
Among the more conservative element
In each party the opinion prevails that the
worst is ovwr and that when the Court of
Appeals renders its decision the danger
cf civil war In the commonwealth, which
has been terribly imminent, will have
passed away entirely. To the Democratic
leaders, with a full understanding of the
situation, only one cloud appears on the
political horizon, and that is Governor
Taylor's future course.
Taylor Refuses to Talk.
Governor Taylor himself will not outline
his plan of action beyond the statement
which he made to-day, that he would
"continue to act as Governor." Republi
cans in Governor Taylor's confidence,
however, say that he will remain at
Frankfort in the discharge of his duties
until the court of last resort passes upon
the question at issue. Then, if the de
cision be against him. he will step out at
once and turn over the State buildings to
Governor Beckham. The Republicans will
make every effort to carry the dispute
into -the Federal courts in case the-de
cision of the Court of Appeals and the Su
preme Court of Kentucky is against
them, but, failing in this, they will con-
Eider the question settled, stfll believing
a great wrong has been done them. -
The Democratic leaders assert that they
will cheerfully abide by the decision of the
Court of Appeals. But. should the deci
sion be in their favor, they will insist on
the occupancy of the State buildings,
"peaceably if possible, but forcibly if
necessary," as it was expressed to-day.
Not until that decision is rendered will
further action be taken.'
THREATENED ARREST
OF SENATOR DEBOE
WASHINGTON. March 13.— A rumor
was current at the Capitol to-day that
a warrant was to be Issued for the arrest
of Senator Deboe of Kentucky for alleged
complicity in the assassination of Mr.
Goebel. The Senator said the mere sug
gestion of such a thing was ridiculous.
He attended two of the conferences held
by the Republican leaders of Kentucky
to formulate a policy to be followed in
defending Governor Taylor's right to the
Governorship, but paid that at neither of
these was there any talk of violence to
Mr. Goebel.
FRANKFORT. March 13.— Gabriel A.
Taul of Hardinburg- was brought to
Frankfort to-night In the custody of the
Sheriff of Breckinridge County. He was
arrested to-day for supposed complicity
in the assassination of Governor Goebel.
The Sheriff and the pollcr officials here
refuse to give out any Information In re
gard to the arrest. It is learned, how
ever, that Taul was not in Frankfort at the
time of the shooting and it is said that
his connection with the crime is only in
direct. Taul was not taken to jail, but
spent the night at the Capitol Hotel in
charge of an, officer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ARCH -14, 19(An ,
Half Price
This . I guarantee oh a £5,000 bond to
be the genuine,; original and patented Dr.
Sanden.Belt, made In.ifio^/and, having a
thirty years 1 reputation as -the grandest
rtmedv ' for RHEUMATISM, IGDNEY
TROUBLE and: aII 'PAINS and WEAK-
NESS 'of man ' and ; woman. :C lam ¦ how*
selling these Belts at: half price. Call
and -test them, or, send for* prices and
book, "Three Classes of Men" and
"Maiden; Wife and Mother," mailed free.
iD^. S. S. BT£l;i,,
; 1.1017 f>tix& Co., "">'!':
Cor. Stockton and Market Sts., San Frandtco
BEST IMPORTED KIND
6 cents bottle
A thousand things equally cheap
and equally good- Best service, best
goods, best and lowest prices in town
at
CASH STORE
-25-27 Market St., near the Feriy.
The orir'nal reliable and largest mall order
bouse. Aek for Catalogue, free.
HEIRESS IN CONVENT
CONFESSES TO MARRIAGE
Daughter of John J. Daly, the Utah
Silver King, Has Been a Bride
for Months.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 13.— Margaret Dily.
daughter of John J. Daly, one of Utah's
silver kings and most Influential bankers,
after spending six months In a convent
has admitted, when confronted with her
husband's confession, that she was secret
ly married last August to T. Roy Brown,
a young clerk in the offices of the . Klo
Grande Railroad in Salt Lake City.
Miss Daly had been in the Visitation
Convent in Georgetown. D. C. since Octo
ber 1. So well had she guarded her se
cret that her parents had not the slightest
Inkling of It. and E. Tilton Mattox an
avowed suitor, who entertained -nother
and daughter here in September, did not
know of a rival.
UNKNOWN MAN ENDS
HIS LIFE IN SAN JOSE
Body Found in Oak Hill Cemetery
and No Note in Explanation of
the Deed Is Discovered. '
SAN JOSE, March 13.— An unknown
man. probably about 30 years of age, com
mitted suicide in Oak Hill Cemetery about
10:30 o'clock . this morning by shooting
himself with a . pistol. He was seen to
enter the cemetery about 8 o'clock. Noth
ing more was seen of him until his body
was found on a bench. He, was appar
ently well to do, as he wore a' good black
suit, tan shoes and had a fine gold watch
on his person. His face is smooth save
for a mustache. His .hands are
soft. The body is at the Morgue, where
an inquest will be held at 5-aclock this
afternoon.
The man - had J2 In his pocket. w The
laundry number on his shirt is 'Mft"; or
"411 Jr." with the letter E or. F,' the mark
ing being co tad as to be almost illegible.
APPOINTED A CHAPLAIN.
Rev. Barton W. Perry of San Leandro
- . . ' . to Enter the Army.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— The Presi
dent has ordered the appointment of Rev-
Barton W. Perry of San Leandro, Cal., as
a chaplain In the army and after passing
an examination he wilL be" assigned v to
duty. Mr. Perry is the pastor of the
Presbyterian church at San Leandro and
for several years was the editor of the
Occident, the only Presbyterian paper on
the Pacific Coast.
Another Body Recovered.
REDDING. March 13.— The body of the
last victim of. the recent Iron Mountain
disaster was taken out to-day. It was
that of J. Mcßroom. The body was ler
rlbly crushed and mangled and was In an
advanced stage of decomposition. -
Pinkhsttn's
Vegetable Compound
cures the ills peculiar to
women* It tones up their
general health, eases
down overwrought
nerves, cures those
awful backaches and reg-
ulates menstruation*
It does this because it
acts directly on the fe-
male organism and makes
It healthy, relieving and
curing all inflammation
and displacements*
Nothing else is Just as
good and many things that
may be suggested are
dangerous* This great
medicine has a constant
record of cure* Thou-
sands of women testify to
it* Read their letters con-
stantly appearing in this
paper.
JUDGE CHARGES BLACKMAIL.
Outcome of the Suit of Alleged Wife
of Champion Wrestler.
LOS ANGELES. March 13.— The suit
brought by Mrs. Jelch. alias Durrand of
Alsace, to be declared the lawful wife of
Theodore Bauer, the former champion
wrestler of the world and now a large
property owner here, was decided against
the plaintiff to-day. Judge Fitzgerald In
rendering his opinion said that he be
lieved a deliberate attempt to blackmail
Bauer had been made, and recommended
that the District Attorney take Mrs. Cha
tallalne. the principal witness for the
plaintiff. Into custody and charge her with
the crtme. The woman left the courtroom
hurriedly and. It Is said, has disappeared
to have delivered a lecture In Racine to
night, was prostrated on her arrival anJ
unable to fulfill her engagement. -Mrs
Tucker was taken to a private residence
and medical aid summoned. It is said that
her voice has failed completely. ~ -v>, ¦¦•
ARMY POSTS TO BE
BUILT AT CAPE NOME
War Department Authorizes the Call-
ingfor Bids for the Construction
of the Buildings.
Special Dispatch to The Call. -
TACOMA, .Wash., March 13.— Through
Captain Robinson of this quartermaster's
division the War Department has directed
that bids be called forthwith for the
necessary' material and- lumber to con
struct sixty army post . buildings In
Alaska.' In the neighborhood of $100,000 is
involved. This great- bulk of building ma
terial will be used in the construction of
one company post at Port • Valdes. two
company posts at Cape Nome and two
company posts at St.- Michael. The plans
provide for eighteen buildings at Port
Valdes, twenty-two at St. Michael and
twenty at Cape Nome. All are -to be
frame structures, the majority of - them
with corrugated iron roofs. ' The quar
ters of the officers will have shingle roofs.
Altogether Captain t ßobinson Is empow-
RUNAWAY CARS
CAUSE A VERY
BAD ACCIDENT
A Huge Derrick Used in
.Bridge Building De
molished.
William Henry Is Seriously Injured
at Pinole and Several Workmen
Have Narrow Escapes
From Death.
•-*
. Spe:lal Dispatch to The Call. '
PINOLE. March 13.— At this place to
day, where the San Francisco and San
Joaqutn Valley Railway crosses the coun
ty road, occurred. a disastrous smash-up,
which resulted in the serious injury of
William Henry and the narrow escape
from death of a large number of work
men. "¦" '
A temporary bridge had been construct
ed and the rails laid up to that point so
as to allow the transportation of heavy
steel material necessary to construct a
permanent bridge. Two flatcars holding
two immense girders were standing on
the bridge and the men were busy ad
justing the tackle to lower the girders
into position when, with hardly. a mo
ment's warning, three heavily laden flat
cars rushed out of the long cut and col
lided with the cars on the bridge. Will
iam Henry was caught beneath the
wreckage and had his leg broken and was
otherwise severely j injured. When the
cars struck the last of tnose which had
run away broke loose and rebounded fully
two hundred yards, but still held the
rails. All four of the remaining cars were
completely wrecked and one large girder
weighing twenty-seven tons was knocked
down to the road leaving one end restlns?
on the bridge.
The accident was caused by three cars
breaking loose from a construction train,
seven miles from the scene of the wreck.
A gang cf men were distributing cross
arms for the telegraph line from the cars,
and when the train reached the top of
the grade and commenced to descend the
other side it was discovered that the
three head cars had broken from the
train. They were soon beyond the con
trol of the trainmen.' There were no
brakes on the three cars and the' men who
were on them wore powerless. After
making efforts to check' the cars by
throwing ties in front of the wheels they
were compelled to abandon them. 7he
men followed as fast as they could, well
knowing that there would be a disaster.
The great derricks used in placing the
steel girders for the bridge were com
pletely demolished, and a number of. per
sons who were near the bridge had nar
row escapes from being caught under the
wreck. Captain Bermingham had barely
passed under the bridge with- his team
when the crash came.
It will be several days before the wreck
will be cleared owing to the great diffi
culty in getting apparatus sufficiently
powerful to move one of the immense
girders now lying on, the cars, which are
too badly disabled to be moved. .All lay
ing of rail beyond this point toward Point
Richmond has ceased.
Porto Rico had come Into the United
States. He said that there was no need
to fear that In extending the constitution
over Porto Rico It would mean like ac
tion when legislation for the Philippines
: was under consideration. Bach island
and group should be and would be dealt
with separately and Independently. It
would be time to consider the Philippines'
tariff when it was reached.
Supported by Perkins.
Senator Aldrlch did not take any par
ticular? side, but counseled ; action which
would: unite ' the Republican majority.
Senator ¦ Perkins, as well as other mem
bers of the Porto Rican committee, want
ed? the, bill agreed upon without compro
tnlse or amendment. Quite a number of
Senators in this connection expressed the
opinion that a majority would vote for the
bill as reported and took occasion to crit
icise the, unstable policy which was being
pursued, saying that the constant chang
ing - had done more to shake the ' faith
of the country than anything else.
• Senator Simon of Oregon, whose posi
tion was not known, went further than
any other Senator In declaring his un
alterable position in favor of free trade
with Porto Rico. He said that we had no
right to tax our dependencies and that if
we did not infend to treat new acquisi
tions as we treated other acquired tern
tory we should not retain them. He-saw
no menace to labor, manufacturing or
agriculture In free trade with the Islands,
but a promise of far greater Increase of
¦ Senator Mason also took strong ground
in favor of free trade with the islands if
they were to be retained as a possession
or part of the United States. He said the
trouble was not with Porto Rico, but with
the Philippines. This could be averted
easily by announcing our determination
not to hold the Philippines, but to grant
them the freedom which many of them
sought, and assist them to form a stable
government. It would not be difficult
then to enter Into satisfactory trade rela
tions with them and our. laboring men
would not then be threatened with cheap
Malay labor, which, he said, seemed to be
troubling a great many advocates of the
present tariff. .-.
Senator Spooner .urged party harmony,
and believed that the Senators could find
some common ground upon which dif
ferences could be adjusted. He was for
the committee bill, as was also Senator
Hale, who- spoke against what he said
were the dangers lurking In our attempt
ing to control and to legislate for the dis
tant Islands of. the Pacific.
WASHINGTON. March 13.— The
Republican Senators were In
caucus for two and a' half
hours on the Porto Rican bill
this afternoon, and at 6 o'clock
adjourned until 2 o'clock to-morrow, when
the discussion will be resumed. : No vote
was taken upon any of the various propo
sitions laid before the caucus, but as a
result of the caucus talk the impression
prevailed that' there was a great deal of
opposition to the bill, which opposition, if
It were not placated, might endanger ltd
passage. It was also apparent that a
numbor of other Senators thought the
legislation was ill-advised,. but, while op
posed to the bill, would vote for it as a
party measure.
Deep feeling was displayed over the
question by a number of Senators, and
especially by those of the Middle West,
some of whom did not hesitate to affirm
that any effort to place a tariff upon the
exchange of business between the United
States and Porto K*co probably would
have an injurious effoct upon the Repub
lican party in these States.
An Agreement Expected.
There were some sharp passages atarms
It was generally agreed, however, that
from a party standpoint almost any bill
was betier than none, and this feeling
gave the friends of the .measure- hope,
despite the apparently unyielding attitude
of the. opposing factions. They are still
holding to the bill as originally introduced
und express the belief that it will form
the basis of whatever settlement is agreed
upon. This opposition is based upon what
-was said in a general way and not upon
any poll of. the, caucus, for there ' was
nothing approaching a vote during the
caucus. One indication that an agree
ment to-morrow is expected is the con
tinued determination of the Cuban sub
committee to leavo here to-morrow for a
tour of Cuba.
Those Senators who favored the propo
sition for a tariff on Porto Rican goods
coming into this country and free trade
for goods going to Porto Rico said that
this course would be humane in princi
ple, since it would afford free entry of
food and supplies needed by the Porto
Ricans, while the tariff on goods coming
into this country would- supply revenue
for the island and retain the principle or
protection. «•
Several tln-.es during the debate the
course of ¦ the administration was men
tioned and the statement made .that the
country was aroused -.because it had
seemed that Congress .: was acting con
trary to the wishes of the President. Sev
eral Senators asserted that the President
was now anxious for the proposed : tariff
of 15 per cent.
Senator Foraker talked at considerable
length and vigorously supported the bill,
and was expressly, determined" that " the
governmental features should not ,be
abandoned. He also defended the tariff
provisions as being of advantage Instead
of a hardship upon, the people ¦of Porto
Rico. He declared that the bill as amend
ed by the committee, levying a 15 per cent
duty on products both ways, was the best"
measure that could- be; passed, but said
he was willing to accept the compromise
levying a duty only on Porto Rican pro
ducts coming to this country. !
Hanna Favors the Bill.
Senator Hanna made a speech that was
listened to with great interest. He fa
vored the House bill, and especially the
tariff provisions. He said • that from a
party view the tariff ought to remain.
This was a Republican Congress and
there should be Republican legislation. If
the bill were. 'defeated, he- asserted, it
would hand the legislation over to the
Democrats. He spoke of the effect a free
trade measure would have upon the work
ingmen, who feared the-effect should the
policy of free trade with the Philippine
Islands be- established by granting free
trade to Porto Rico. He urged the Re
publicans to stand firmly, together for the
bill. ...
Senator Proctor of .Vermont said that he
believed in -„• free, trade with . Porto Rico,
and thought the matter could be adjusted
by leaving a miliitary Governor and not
attempting either a civil government or
tariff legislation at the present time.
Senator . Fairbanks deplored the situa
tion and expressed hope that there might
be some adjustment. He said there was
no question as to the feeling of the peo
ple in his State, who were for free trade
with Porto Rico.
Senator Davis, who recently Introduced
an -amendment extending that portion of
the constitution relative to taxation over
the island, made quite an extended
speech, taking strong grounds In favor of
free trade with Porto Rico. He said it
was not because the tariff would keep
out or let in certain products that Con
gress should act. but because the almost
universal sentiment of the people should
be heeded— a sentiment' which he said
had. been kindled by the manner in which
Republican Senators Spend Another Day in a
Fruitless Attempt to Arrive at an Agree
ment on the Measure.
DEFEAT OF THE PORTO
RICAN BILL THREATENED
S^l^^^B ; Ours is the serge of the season. It is proving to ¦I^^^^^^^^B
aSWpP^I be the most popular suit we ever offered! l^^^^^^^^^Sß
HT?l^?i|lfi big demand is a result from giving such a l^fe^i^ii^lSil
Sal w^iSfe H p"o od suit' for the money ' * I t^^^^^M^^
»tstl|lsfl It is stylish, well made, lasting, populaf and low 1 J^P^^^^^|li|il I
Bg^^S||li|l priced. It combines all that goes to make just the BpSf?? JpHP^B®B
Hl^^^^H suit you want for just what you want tojpay. iPIh
B'^^l^l c su * ts come * n two sty l es — single ahd double ¦^^V^^^^Siß
HpS^^i breasted ; they are a deep shade of blue, unfada- B B^^^y^l^pi 1
Bl|^S® W § ble and durable; they come in all sizes and most li^^LijMlii^B
i^K§l everybody can be fitted, and fitted well. • Ilillf^
i^p^l The^ bear our g uarantee \ which, of course, you liKiH
Hf^PsWi New arrivals— boys' suits in light spring- patterns in ages 8 iraf j Sly fl !| i'JRJH'
B S£!s|lp® BJ° }S years:: the patterns are grays in stripes and plaids ; the style WM HI j| ft ilnSflHH
B'£t?^'s?3V§& I ffe fill out-of-town orders for clothing, hats and furnishings. Write to us for our illustrated 111 || I H Ifi
m f^&&^'£sM catalogue No 2— it will help you in your ordering. Should you order clothing we send a self- B If U' ( II I) I ifl HB
K-^'^i'feH^i measuring blank which assures you of getting a good fit. Write us to-day. ' ¦| Ij il IWW
I "I find them tha best preparation for
cold*, coarh* and asthma."— Mas. B. a.
I Watson, Temperance Lecturer.
h • OF BOSTON
P Sold In boxes only— Avoid imitations.
%
3BATTiTtOftT) TBAVXXh
••VTHKRN PACIFIC COHPAHT.
(PACIFIC HYBTBX.)
Trsla* leave as<l nre due (• itrriv* at
MAN FKAHCIM'O.
(Main Line, Foot o( Market S Creek )
mats — Frou February 23, 1900. — abbitk
•TiOOa. Benlda, Suisnu. Elmira, Vacartlle,
"" • Rumsey and Hacrainento ¦. i Ji4Jf
. ,»7iOOa ShssU Express— DaTis. . Willows, ¦ - - -
[ /*;-i- Bed Bluft PortJand.. ~7i*Br
I '*7iSOa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Naps,
- Callntoga ami Bant» Eosa •«:l»r
•diSO* Tho OveiUnd limited— Ogden, Dan*
ter, Omaha. Chicago. n»«ls*
••tSOA San Jose, Litenuore, Stockton^ ;
lone, Hacrameuto, Placertille,
M»rj«T|lle, Chico. lJeilßlurf Mil.ir
•818O* "Milton, Oakdale,hoaora. Carters... .»l:l3p
•O:UOa Tluywiinl.l. Nilt-sand Way sutions. # I1:I5a
•»:«<la Da»I», Woodland. Kuights Landing,
MarysTille, OroTlllc. m 7:*3r
•9:00& Atlantic l'".xpress— Ogden and East *I>:43a
•9:««a Martinez, Tracy, Latbrcp, Btockton,
Mero«lanill'rc«no. •ia»l3r
•t».o<. a Port Costa, Fresno. Mtija»« and I«s
Aiißelt-ii ••«43f
• I ©too a Vaiu ¦ J ;. Martinez and Way Stations • os43p
•UtOOA Nil-.s, Urerraoro, Stockton, Sacra- . :
mento, Meudota, llantortl. Visalia,
rcrterrlllo. M:lBr
•I 2:OOm Uarwanls. NUes and Way StaUons. •»t**r
tl:OOrSacra'int>nto Hi»er Btennters f8:O0F
•3:OOp IlaywaidH, Niles and Way StaUons, •»t43jp
•4iUOr Martini*, rtau lUnion, Vallejo,
N»!>a, Cullfttnsa. .S»«U Uosa VMS*
MtttOr B«aicln, VaoiTille, Hacritiuento,
Woo.lland. Knights landing,
Mar»Milio, Oro»il)e «l«s4B*
•41 «39pNUe», Ban Jose aud Stockton : *»i! 3»
•O:UOr Tho Owl Llicited— Tracy. Frerao. ¦ V
BjUereßeld. Sanjus lor SanU Bar-
tara, L<js AncelM^ -• #1O:€5 »
oHiQ»r Sutse* Llmited-El Piso, New Or-
l«in»and East «I»:*3a
•3:30p Stockton. Metcwl, Fresno »12513»
•3:SOP Fresno. ItakenQelil, HunU rtitibara.
Los Angeles, Deming. £1 raao,
¦ New Orleans and East •»»«*¦
•StSOr Kanta F» Itonte— Atlantlo Express ¦
forMoJu.»b and Kut •«t43r
•o:«Op Haywards, NlleaandHan Jose •7:11*
?6«30r VnlSeJo •1»«1S*
, •H:3Or Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cheyenno.
Omaha, Chio»sro ••»«.».
•SxSOp Oriental M»il— Ogden, DenTer,
Omatia, Chicauo. # 4il»r
tTtOOr Vallejo, Port Costa and Way BU-
tlons J»iO3p
•9>*Bp Oregon and Callfnrula Kirr«m,Hac-
nuueiltn. Mnrysvillo. lCeililing,
r,.rtlnn.l. Pitg^t K.mm,.l ami Kaat *»»» »*.
COA^T DIVISION (Narrow Uange).
(Foot ot M-irfrot Street.)
•Bil3a Newark.CVuter»ille,Ban Jose.Fp!ton.
- BoniaerCrceli.SantaCmzandWay
Stations.. *SriM* {
. f»i l Sp Newark, CenterTille, ban Jose, New
Almauen, Folton, IVmlder Creek, "
¦ Santa Crnz and Principal Waf
Stations flwsdO*
MilS? Newark, Ban Joso, Los Oatoa. •S>2*A
M3:lsp nnntera' EUconion, Ban Josa and
W»ySt»?tons t7x9f
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
-rtm SAS MiSCISCO— Fo«t of Mtrkat Slrett (Slip 8)—
•7:15 • 0:00 ll:0OA.lf. 11: CO •8:00 J3:0O
•J:CO J3:00 •0:00<\v.
¦r«molKUllD— »Botorßroi4«»j.— *«.OO 8:00 10:00 A.M.
{12:00 '1:00 }3:00 '3:00 ti:CJ 'S^Of-M.
CO AST; Dl T I S lON ( Bros.l Oaage).
,' . (Third n»d Townsend Sts.)
trtslOA Ocean View, South Han FrandMo.. t«ss»»
•7:«OA*Hau Joso nml Way Stations (New
Almailmi Wediimdaysonly) *liS«l>
•lIiOOa Han Jiwo, Tres Vinos. H.mta Cms.
Pacllio C.tote. I'asn llobles. San
l.vis OSjlai>o, Surf, Lompoic aud
rrliictpal.Way Htntlons 1... Mil«r
>I«:1Oa .Man .liisb Mini Way MUt10n5.. ....... *oiB9a
¦lIiUOa San J»ae ami Way Stations *S«SOr
fJ<43r Ban Matro, Ited*ood, Menlo Pwk,
l'alo Alto, fcant* Clara, Ha» .lose. -
Trcs Finos. Banta Crur. Salinas,
' - Monterey aiul l'aclflo Grora tlO:3<A
fHillOp San Jose anil W»y BUtlotis ........ *7:30p
t l:ir»r SanJmeaiul Principal Way Stations •1»:-I3*
{SsUOr San Joso and Principal Way Stations ' t«:O'U
?st3lH»Siin.l..go mnl Principal Way Stations *S:33a
•0:3«r Sau Josa aud Way Stations. ...;.... fSiOOA
611:45p San .Totiaml Way Stations »7»30>
• A for Morning. V P for Aiternoon. -
'Daily.. t Sun<Uy axeepted. J Sunday only.
1 b Saturday only.
a Taeadtys and Fridays c Thursdays and Bandays.
Aratoma second, By Oeonre th rd. Time 1:214.
One mile and an eighth-Colonel Cluke won.
Plantain second. Dr. Vaughan third. Time,
Five furlongs— Anxious won, Fred Hanlon
second, Fcank Johnson third. Time. l:O2»4.
Seven furlongs, handicap— John Baker won,
Mlsb Mac Day second. Knight Banneret cnlrd.
te mile, Belling— Jennie F won, Zolo second.
Little Singer third. Time. 1:43.
Plx furlongs, selling— Fleuron won. Miss
Shanley second. Jamaica thl^d. Time, 1:15.
TO THE EAST~-~>
THROUGH FIRST-CLASS PULLMAN SLEEPERS NOW IN SERVICE
Between ban rrancisco and Chicago
Via Sonthern Pacific — Rio Grande Western
Denver and Rio Grande (Scenic Route) and
Greafßock Island c ßgute
GRANDEST SCENIC TRIP IN THE WORLD
THE COLORADO ROCKIES CROSSED 'SY DAYLIGHT.
Pullman ' 9 Finest Broad Vestibnled Sleepers
Leaving Ssa Fraacisco Daily at 820 A. M. on
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC LIMITED
(Westbound cars carried on same train).
.... DINING CAR SERVICE THROUGH— BUFFET LIBRARY CARS ....
CLINTON JONES, Gen'l Agt, 624 Market St , San Francisco, Cal.
JOHN SEBASTIAN, G. P. A., Chicago.
COLEMAN MAKES A RECORD
AS A SHARK FISHERMAN
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY;; MARCH 14,, 1900.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way stations.
I'M a. HU Sunday-^-ToßßaJea and way statl""^.
••••••••••••••••••••••O«««O«««««««««««f •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
• The accompany- 1 11 r.l| riiU Tfl TIIC F I C f My Belt has yet •
S ing is an exact re- fIW r^MVII 111 HIM" AM" to meet with a case •
5 production of my nil LIILIII r lU^ UIULnUL. of Larneßack,Rheu : g
• latest Model Belt, \ V V • matism^ Lumbago,^ •
o showing the Patent v li/ v ) 'Jjr/r - Sciatica or Varico- •
X Felt covers which .."... 'Vvtf^^sSl^^^^^ cele, no matter how J
• absolutely preverjt • _^^^^^^^S^^^^><i severe, that it can- •
| any Burning or Blis- /^^^^^^^^"'' l^S^^ not cure in a snort •
• Stores. Every Cell. jj
BMv little book entitled fpfntXt f iNuriiScK If it is convenient, call J
• "THREE CLASSES OF XWf^ at my office and I will •
• MEN" -is ... sent -free to . .... / / / \\^ v ., . . explain the Belts to.ypu:#
• any address upon re- '^ Hours-* to « : sundays^o to i. : anc j ~\ e i yOUy 0U test the 8
• quest. It tells all about DR, T. A. SANDpT, t currentn t Consultation ;•
•my Belts' and how; they 6 o-FaWen street; san Franciseo;Vc«i. ' r and advice Absolutely: <•
• are used. Write for it. U9^ p^u?fcWrl^
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ##########9 ««««
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry/.
Week Day 5... ...... ....9:80 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
5unday5.......... 5:00. 10:00 a. to.' and 1:45 p. m.
Steam-heated, closed car on all trains.
Far* i San Francisco to Summit j and Return,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. 1899.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:OO. •»:30, 11:00 a. m.; "1:46,
•J:4O. 5:15. «:QO, «:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS^-For Mill Vallay and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays,' Wednesdays and Saturd&m
at »:00 and ll:S0 o. m. . ..T.;»
' SUNDAYS— *8:00, *10:00, *11:J8 a. m.; n:l5.
»:15. »4:4«, 6:30. S:00 p. m. ¦
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TOYSAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK »DAYS— S:2S. •«:35._T:45,«9:49 a. m.:
•12:30, 2:15, *S:*o, H:lo p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays.' 'Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. - > .-
SUNDAYS-*:*, •8:09. «10:0 O. »U:4S a. blj
n:4O, n:l5, 4:46. ««:30 p. m. .
Trains marked (•> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-6:45. • 6:46, , 7;55. 9:45 a. m.;
JJ:BS. 2:35, 8:45, 5:10 p. m.
¦ EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, .Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 d. m. •¦¦.-. . -: -
SUNDAYS— B:O6, 10:05 a. m.; 11:06. 1:15. I:».
I:W. 6:45 p..m. •¦ ¦
- - ; - THROTJGH TRAINS. '
TtfO a. m. week days— Oaxadftro and way stations.
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
GHICAQO,
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
" AND CONNECTIONS. ; .'
LEAVING SAN 'FRANCISCO « DAILT. ;
..' .'-'. ¦ 8:30 A- M. "and 6:10 P. M.
-? V.'-y;. '.*' Effective February 25, ¦ 1900.
Get Information ot Southern ¦¦ Faotflo . ticket
¦cents or n r rrrf*iit iTiriiTWiiW'Tl)rawn M lllliWrißni
. GENERAL OFFICE. 14 Montgomery st | .
Time— M. :26V. H. :52%; %. 1:17; mile,- 1:41 Oood start. Won first three driving:. Winner,
G. Forbes & Co."s b. %., by imp. Sir Modred-Ethel. El Mido r&Hoped. Too short for Acro
bat. Cromwell did not get up In time. \ t v ,
027. SIXTH RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
AMATEUR REINSMEN
PLAN A RACE MEET
Members of Golden Gate Park Driv
ing Association Will Compete
on the Speedway in a
Fortnight.
The amateur relnsmen who compose the
Golden Gate Park Driving Association
will hold the first of a series of race
meetings on the park speedway on the
24th lnst. The majority of the horses
owned by the members are not quite ready
for severe competition yet, so only six
entries were received last night for the
two races on the card. Both contests tpIII
be over a distance of a half-mile, best two
In three heats, and will be contested on
the «ide of the speedway used by drivers
coming in from the beach. The first heat
will be called at 2 p. m.
The entrlesln the first race are E. Stew,
art's Localeer, Mr. Curley's Prince J and
N. Hotta's Correct.
Second race— R. E. Miller's Lee Rose, L.
Richardson's Queenle and Dr. I. B. Dal
ciel's Steve.
The officials will be: Judges. Fred
Thompson and W. C. Hamjnerton; utart
er, George Berry; marshal. Dr. I. B. Dal.
¦ ziel. and classification committee, L. Rich
ardson and E. Stewart.
Applications for membership were re
ceived from A. P. Welch and E. HinkeL
GREYHOUNDS TO COURSE
AT INGLESIDE PARK
A Sigh-Class Forty-Eight Dog Stake
i .the Card for To-Morrow— To- •
Day at Union Part?. .. -•
The management of Ingleside Courslngr
Park limited the midweek stake which
will be run to-morrow , to forty-.eight en
tries. The class Is -unusually high for a
stake of this character. Coursing, will be
gin at 12:30 p.. mi, and will be continued
924UTWRDRACE--Oneinile; three-year-olds; purse. $400.
Time— U -24- X :48 - X' 1:13H- Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner,
E Corrigan's eh. g., by imp. Inverness- Affinity. Winner was fast. Vioris swerved last
part MontaUade hußtled too much first part. Jincleis stale. February fell back early.
Scratched— White Fern 102. Mamie G 403. Jockey Bill 105, Pat Murphy 103. Alaria 100. Genua
102 ' _ _ — — j-^_t-,_ -.^
f»2S. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse; t-100.
.V MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt .water for slulcs boxes;
high or low lifts. FUmonds. 33 Market st
D"7EDQIVG PUMPS.
Oil. Gasoline, Steam Hoists, Centrifugal Pumps,
Eng-ines&Bollers. HendyMach.Wks.,4o Fremont.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BUHNHAM-STANDEFORD CO., Washington
and let sts., Oakland, or Builders' Ex., S. F.
F. W. BELL, Central Plating Works, 853 Mis-
sion st., S. F. Phone Jessie 301. ; .
Jockey Gilmore Suspended.
NEW ORLEANS! March 13.— Fleuron
was the only favorite to win to-day. Gil
more fell off Rebecca Wells in the fifth
race and was suspended for the remainder
of the meeting except for his stable. A.
Weber," who had the mount on Brass, had
his leg badly bruised by being forced into
the fence. The track was fast. Result*:
cix and a half furlonrs. selling— Corialis won.
BOSS GOLD SAVER.
Man pumps, water operates machine, works
t tons per hr., saves 95 p.c. free gold. 129 First.
HEAVY-WEIGHT
BOXERS TO MEET
IN THE ARENA
Stelzner and Joe Butler of
¦- Philadelphia Promise
• Good Sport. •
Aurelio Herrera . and t Crockey Boyle,
the Crack Lightweights, to Pro
vide Preliminary — Butler
and Boyle Favorites.
Two heavy-weight boxers. Jack St'elzner
t>f this cltyand Joe B.utler,of Philadelphia,
will meet, to-night in the arena of "thq Na
tional Athletic Club, Woodward's Pavilion,
in a 'twenty-round bant. The clash of arms
between heavy-weights has always proved
attractive to the patrons of the sport in
this city, so that a large attendance is ex
pected. Stelzner is well known 'in- this
city, having been the boxing: partner of
Corbett, FitzslmmonsJ Sharkey and others
of the heavy-weight _ division. He has
taken a lot of punishment and has never
been knocked out.
Butler has met a -lot of the bis: men,
and Is, the only. boxer, who ever knocked
out, Ed Dunkhorst. who has been serving
Sharkey for some time In the arduoun po
sition of boxing partner. Butler has met
Peter Jackson when the latter was in his
prime, Frank Slavin, Peter Maher, Joe
Choynskl and others. He has the reputa
tion of being a bustling. fighter, who is al
ways busy and aggressive. - The bettors
have installed him a 10 to 7 favorite in the
straight betting and he Is also favorite In
the mutuels, the greater number of tick
ets having ,been sold on him. To win hand
ily from a boxer like Stelzner ""hre r must
show form of the highest class.
: The • preliminary bout is attracting al
most as much attention as the main event.
Aurelio Herrera, the young boxer from
the San Joaquin Valley, makes his debut
here, as does "Crockey" Boyle, his op
ponent. The former has a long list of vic
tories to his credit, the majority helus;
won decisively in : short order. He Is -an
exceptionally hard . hitter and generally
retires his opponent before they have gon<?
a- half-dozen rounds. Boyle Is said to shine
as a defensive fighter. It'being' hard for
any one to put a glove on him.. He has
left nothing undone that would send him
Into the ring in first-class condition. He
is favorite in the betting at 10 to 7.
Jack Welch will referee both bouts.
BEACH OOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
silver. . Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Daily, «25 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
BATLBOAD TRAVEL-
JOHN COLEMAN, bookmaker and
- all-round sportsman, which In
cludes, a reputation with both gun
and rod, has just returned from
Santa Catalina islands with a record that
Is the envy of fishermen. T\Tiile out In a
launch fishing the deep sea for rock cod
he landed a shark of the real blue variety
that was the largest caught near the
islands during the last five years. This
U not a.nsh story, but a tale of sea ad
venture properly authenticated by the
testimony of three competent and cred
ible witnesses.
In the early part of last week Coleman
started out for. a day with the drop line.
Behind the launch from which he fished
was a row boat of small pattern. After
pulling in dozen after dozen of cod three
miles from shore Coleman noticed a-sud.
4 •*,'
den commotion in the water close to the
launch. A moment after a big blue shark
appeared at the surface. Coleman was
drawing In his line at the time and the
shark arose from the depths of the sea,
following the small rock cod that were
dangling on the fisherman s tackle. _ _
The boatman who was with Coleman
quickly baited some tuna fishing tackle
which he had with him and gave It to the
ardent sportsman to catch the shark. In
a few seconds Coleman, rod in hand, ex
cited the curiosity of the sea monster, a nd
the bait was swallowed with a portion of
the line. Drawing in the line, Coleman
after a long battle worked the shark to
ward the launch, and when. striking dis
tance was reached used a gaff under the
fl The fish wriggled and rn \f d a ' + ~Sn
would have broken l° ose had the boatman
not come to the rescue. With a boat hook
attached to a long pole he rammea tne
300-Pound Shark Landed by John Coleman at Catalina.
end of It down the shark's raouth through
the gill. Both men were .then in a quan
dary as to the method of landing their
catch. The lift from the .water -to the
gunwale of the launch was too hign, as
the fish weighed more than 300 pounds.
A. young lady who was ~> with the 'party
came to their assistance and drew the
trailing boat within reach. Tugging and
straining every -effort boatman and
sportsman finally succeeded in drawing
the big. shark into the. row boat.
No time was lost that afternoon in fur
ther fishing for cod, but the party turned
homeward. -iColeman was so elated over
hi» -capture that every photographer on
the "bench was brought into. active em
ployment -and a wine dinner was the final
act in the great capture.
The shark -lacked a few inches of ten
feet in length. and weighed more than 300
pounds. Coleman has the jaws as an or
nament to the parlor mantel of his homa,
Trout for the South.
The California Fish Commission Is pre
paring to plant a large number of trcut
fry In the streams of the southern part of
the State this fall. The reason that so
much attention is to be paid to that sec
tion of the country is that during the past
two years there has been a scarcity of
rain and the streams have suffered, to the
great injury of the fish. The fry is to be
taken from the Shovel Creek hatchery,
which will be operated to its full capacity
this spring. The commission is also po
eratlng two hatcheries on Lake Tahoe and
one on the Truckee River, which are ex
pected to yield largely this season. The
open season for trout begins on the Ist of
next month, and the reports from many
localities give promise of fine sport for the
lovers. of rod and reel.
MAY W CAUSES
TROUBLE FOR
ANOTHER RIDER
Judges Suspend Buchanan
for Finishing Third With
the Sprinter.
>
Four Beaten Choices at Tanforan
Park — Flamora Nosed Out the
Heavily Played Ventoro.
Topmast Scored.
»
TVhpn May, W won the final event on
the card at Tanforan on Monday it could
be termed a "scratch." for had Sardine
been away on equal terms with the Cal
gary mare Corrigan's three-year-old
would have galleped in first. Don Cam
eron started May W back in the seven
furlong number yesterday, for which
Geyser was ¦withdrawn and Ventoro
p!ur.ge<l on. Ja<-k Martin, astride Fla
mora.. nosed the good thing out, while
May W brought up an Indifferent third.
The last named mare acted sour and
cranky at the poet, and Monday's run
6howed her to be pounds below true form.
The judßt-s vtere of the opinion that Bu
chanan put up a listless riae (and possi
bly he. did), "indefinitely suspending the
your.g rider. Once before Buchanan was
ruled off. l»it Inexperience was pleaded
and he was reinstated.
Followers- of favorites in the betting ex
perienced some rough weather, as Af
ghan anU Topmast w<-re the only success
ful inff. There were two or three very
close finishes, all of which were decided
to the entire satisfaction of the crowd.
None of the short priced ones were able
to get a mark in the two-year-old prram
h\e. the favorite, Carilee. finishing fourth.
Floranthe. a 50 to 1 phot ridden by Hen
fon. turned up a handy winner, chased
in by Too Hot and Princess Leota, two
very rank outsiders.
Corrigan's Afghan, with Henry In the
eaddle and a 5 to 2 favorite, defeated a
bunch of nine in the six-furlong run which
followed. The chestnut horse made all
the running, winning with comparative
ease from Momentum. Show honors went
to Vioris.
Waiter Jennings' statuesque filly.
Flower of Gold, received heavy backing
to beat Erwin in the mile for three-year
olds. She led to the stretch, where the
Shinies colt headed her, and had some
thing left at the close. Norford. big and
lumbering as usual, just managed to get
the show from Mortgage.
Al Shaw shot the mile and a quarter
run away with Twinkler. Johnny Camp
bell's horse, at one time 8 to 1, was much
the best, but Shaw succeeded In getting
cut off half a dozen times, finishing a fast
coming third. By superior jockeyship,
Piggott landed Topmast, the favorite,
winner over Chimura by a nose.
In the last number, a mile purse run,
Shaw, astride El Mldo. led from start to
finish. Acrobat, the favorite, ran second,
two lengths ahead of Cromwell.
Track Notes.
The California Jockey Club announces
thai the Thornton stake at four miles will
be reopened for entries on March 16. The
original conditions will be observed, which
etc< as follows:
The Thornton Stake*, purse $3000— For horses
that will be three-year-olds and upward at the
tIBM ihe race Is to be run. Entrance. J10; %li
additional to start. The club to add an amount
necessary to make the gross value of the race
J? »-.• of which $300 to second. $200 to third
horse and the fourth to pave his starling fee.
Threv^year-olds to carry &6 pounds, four-year
olds VjQ, five-year-olds 115. six-year-olds and
over 116 (ÜBual ccx allowance). This stake will
be reopened fifteen days before the date it is
to be run. and entries to be received at $50
each; t~? additional to start. To be run Satur
day. March Jl, 1300. Four miles.
To-Day's Entries.
First race — Six furlongs; maiden three-year
oSds and upward:
836 Loconomo 10S! 556 Forraatus 106
t:i Naples H6 ESS I»rea<!iiaught ...109
M« Mlfs Soak 10S; 7TS Jazabel ....108
t*6 La Borgia l-l SS9 Giocoso 106
JiB Towser 106! 6*B Harry Corby 107
K-2 Young Morello..l<V.'i t:-S Tallac 105
K-4 More;ia 104! 7t> Sister Marie 104
IS» HeU Cherry 104 1 S"4 Uterp 105
Second race — Four and a half furlongs; two
yetr-o'.is; selling:
699 Countess Clara.. loB! ES4 Gaylon 8r0wn.. .101
SSS Rollick 107; «fl Billy Lyons 101
tZf> Monnbrlght ir* | 616 Klngstelle 10J
Ml Loyal S 101, B*4 Spindle 104
<S26)Artena 101; t:i Ir.trada KW
•16 Freds Mount.. .U>li
Third race — Mil* and a sixteenth; three-year
old? and upward:
<91S)Potente 1H $40 Advance Guard. 101
640 Geyser 118 SIS Red Pirate 10S
Fourth ntoe — Five furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward:
904 Bandera 96] Wl Thomas Carey.. S"
Rfc» Mountebank .... 97 $14 Ft. Caislmir 87
S£9 Gusfle Fay 95: <;?<>)E!la Boland 95
6H Rcyal Prize 1U SSS Lady Helolse....Ul
... Frank James... .ll?.|
Fifth race — Seven furlongs; four- year-olds and
Bpwsrd; welling:
S3S Los Prietos IUI SO3 Mamie O m
... Baetlle 110' S«l Lcmo 11*
til Fomvlla Ill' 42S Ostler Joe ll«
S2« Wel'er 11l f?27)EI Mldo 110
927 Cromwell nn, W2 Joe M« sle 11«
91S Anchored 110 i S»7 Periwig 113
73» Grady USj 753 Los Medano»....US
fl» Rey Hooker 113* g« Imp. Cloneilla...lll
Sixth race— One mile; three-year-olds; selling:
m Matt Hogan 10t!(917)Tha Lady 18J
651 Expedient 102,rf71)Florabird U9
{Sl£)WaJlensteln ....104 (Sa»Sun»llo 104
Selections for To-Day.
Flrrt rac*— La Borgia, Mi*s Soak, Formatns.
Becond rac*— Artena, Klng*telle. Eplndle.
Third race— Oyser. Potente. Advance Guard.
Fourth rac«— St. Caelmlr. Ella Boland, Gussle
Fay.
Fifth raoa— lmp. donsllla, Los Medanoa.
Periwig.
Sixth raqft— Wallenctein. Tb~ Lady, Bunello.
-without intermission to the end. A larger
stake could have been filled readily, but
It was thought the more < compact one
would afford the best sport. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
'- S. : Handy 's Lady" Hugro vs. F. C. Mack's
Delta M; H. Lynch's Claibourne vs. T. Logan's
Leah;' J. H." Perigo's Pennegrant vs. A. J.
Kemp's Remember Me: Russell. : Allen & Wil
son's MiEs Russell vs. J. McEnroe's Lady Tril
by: Curtis & Son's Terronite vs. G. Abercrom
bie's Miss Richmond; J. Dean's Brllllantlne vs.
D. Shannon's Special Agent; E. M. Kellogg' s
lowa Boy vs. R.%, Scott's Daisy Dean; J. H.
Perigo's Querita Vincent vs. J. Martenet's Bux
ton;,Al. Austin's Firm Foe vs.J. H. Perigo's
Onward; T. Logan's Miss Grizzle vs. J. Charl
ton's Temple; D. Hooper's Morse's Patrol vs.
H. Lynch's Gamecock; C. Hanson's Master
piece vs. J. Martenet's Bernal Boy; J.- Carroll's
Columbia vs. M. B. Kavanaugh's Hard Lines:
W. H. Shear's Alarue vs. J. H. McNeil's' Pearl
Mac: F. Murphy's Ornament vs. A. Johnson's
Bald Eagle: A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs. J. Mc-
Enroe's Johnny F; P. Doyle's Wild Monarch
vs. J. R. Smith's Magic: Cpnnell Brothers' Log
Boy vs. H. Lynch's Lottie M; J. Perry's Com
modore Nash vs. Connell Brothers' Goodby;
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Charming Belle vs.
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Miss Cable; Curtis
& Son's Echo vs. W. H. Shear's Liberty Belli
H. G. Nichols' May Herschel vs. H. G. Nichols'
Yreva; J. Flower's Keystone vs. D. Ford's
Bonita; C. E. Wiley's Merry Monarch vs. G.
Abercrom Die's Victor King. •
A sixty-four doj? stake will be run at
Union Coursing Park to-day. The sport
will b(;gin upon the arrival of the special
coursing train, which leaves Third and
Townsend at 10:15 a. m. The train for
Tanforan race course at 1:25 p. m. will
also Btop at the park.
St Gibbon?s Dispensary,
-JLtSBB
FOOTHILLS WILL MEET
MEDICOS AT THE BAT
The Foothills, a baseball team repre
senting the Deal and Dumb Asylum at
Berkeley, will meet tb« College of Phy
sicians and Surgeons* pine next Saturday
afternoon on the Sixteenth and Fojsom
•treet grounds. v
Both teams have been practicing for the
event and *ome good baseball is exp«?ctfcd.
The Foothills play a silent but good game.
The personnel or the nine Is as follows:
James BaJter, catcher; Charles Koch,
catcher and captain; O. N. Brink, first
base; James Haley, second base; Marl
Page, third base; Adolph Hartman. short
stop; Leslie Presley, left field; Eddie
Veary. center field; Herman Isert. right
field.
After the game the Foothills trill chal
lenge the University of California nine, c,
Abew standard of strengfli andiigfat ;
/ wtthoat a peer in brflWaocy, durability,
and ccooomy. Costs sOc. and is 50 -per
cent, cheaper tb&n any other mantle.
* M SS?"% Try kaod see.
t'}myfrMo INJECTION. <
fp a pcr wanent; cure I
111 1 ¦of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea a j
i [ ¦ and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 5
ij . days ; no other treatment required. . ! •
' i ;•¦; ':.-. -¦ •:-, . Sold by all druggists. <\ t*
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
t/nf\f It Sand Centrifugal Pumps. Drake
|\|%Vli7il Amalgamators, in operation dal-
ly. 9 Stevenson at., San Francisco
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES fine gold. In dally operation at 2M
Beale St., San Francisco. '
GASOLINE ENGINES.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is 11111ns
many orders <or Nome. 141-143 First St., S. F.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Saving Machine. 229 Fol-
som street. \ Oriental Gas Engine Compa^v.
" GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS-
Outflts packed. IRVINE BROS.. 570 Howard.
308 Fourth, 1302 Polk and 1441 Stockton, S. F.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900. by H. H. , Esbert.)
TANFORAN PARK. Tuesday. March "• 1W ~ Wea i>l*r'j? e -JF™*£**Js^ ~^-^.
OILS.
LUBnTCATIXG Oil. Crude Oil and Gaaollne.
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK. 23 Spear St., S. F.
922. FIRST RACE— Three and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-old fillies; purse, HOP.
PLATES FOR SAVINO GOLD.
Schaezlein & Burridge. 3 Hardle place, ofl
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
: M PUMPS AND GASOLINE ENGINES.
All kinds of Pumps and Gasoline Engines.
WOODIN & LITTLE. 312 Market et.. S. F.
• PILE-DRIVINQ ENGINES.
Worthlngton Steam Pumps & Water Meters,
Mundy Hoisting Engines. Tatum & Bowen.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers;
lowest prices on the coast. Pine & Davis sts.
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE & CO.. manufacturers, bags, tanta.
covers. SI and 33 California st.
W. & P. BUILDINQ PAPER.
¦ Wind, water and vermin proof. Prei
roofing. 113 New Montgomery »t.
Time— X -26*- % :51Vi: *4 1:16%; mile. 1:42. Good start. Won cleverly, second and third
drivinV. ' Winner. Carruthers & Shields' eh. c, by His High ness- Vage. Flower of Gold
quit at six furlon«rs. Erwin then had_ it t^ognway.^^^^^^^^^^ ~^**s>.
J>2s. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlong*; three-year-olds and upward; purse. 1490.
Time— *4 :13; H. :37H: *4. 1:02: %. 1:2?H- Good start, except Afamada. Won first thre«
driving Winner, E. W. Purser's eh. f.. by Flambeau-Fannie I^ewis. Flamora cut off
soon after start, outgamed Ventoro. Henry on latter might have been overconfident at
that. May W seemed _ BouratthepoBt8 ouratthepo8t : Fjcr£jtehfd^
020. FIFTH RACE— One mile and a quarter: selling; three-year-olds and up: purse, $400.
Specialists for Men
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
Pay when well. Advice and private book
free, office or mall. Home cures. Estab-
lished 19 yean. Mo Injurious medicine used.
Dr. Meyers & Co.
731 Market St., S. F. fi I ' .
Time— U -26; H. :E*H; %. 1:17*4: mile. 1:42H: lKmr-2:07H. Good start. /Won first three driv
ing Winner, Carruthers & Shields' eh. g., by Imp. Topgallant-Essay. Twinkler. as race
was run. should have scored. Shaw hanaled htm to poor advantage early In the game, and
was then badly cut off In rtretch. Plggott nearly took things too easy. Scratched— Castake
CiLIFOSm KORTHWESTESX BY. Ca
SAN FRAMCtSCO AND NORTH PACIFIQ
RAILWAY COMPAMY. ~
Tiburon F«rry. Post of Ma»k«t S*.
' BAN FRAJTCISCO TO SAX RA7AIX.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. »«» U.OO a. in.; IStW,
i:S> 6:10, (:30 p. m. Thnrsdar* — Extra trtp
at 11:30 d. m. Saturday j Bxtr* trtpa at 1:61
and 11:80 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— I:OO. 9:30. Uto» a. m.; IiSX t:VK
5:00. «:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO BAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAY&r4:IO. 7:50. 9:», 11:10 a. m.: 13:«,
1:44, fi:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripa at
1:55 and 8:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; li*>. tA% B:06.
6:23 z>. m.
Between San Francisco and Schvatua Park
him sctedul* as above.
Leave Arrlva
Ban Franoisoo. In Effect San Francisco.
I—.1 — . October IS. »
¦Week Bun- 13*^. Stin- Week
D«ya. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am B:Coam Xo\-ato. 10:40 ana 8:40 ut
S:3opm 9:80 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 1D: 2." an
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm t :t3 pra
Fulton.
TtSO am Windsor, 13:38 sua
Healdsbarc
Lytton,
.GeyservMe.
t:tO pm tMMun CToverdale. TilSpm tr3 pta
7:3o ami IHopland and! j
I t:W am| Uklah. [ 7:85 pm| i:23 pra
7:30 am •¦ ¦ • 10: 2S am
S:oOaxn Ouemevllle. 735 pm
3:30 pm ¦ . i-.n pm
7:30 am 8:00 tun Sonom* 9:15 am !1:49 ara
and
f :10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. (:06 pm S:S pta
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sebastopot. 110:49 am|li>:2S am
8:30 pm| B:QQ pm| % | 7:35 pm| 8:O pea
Stages connect at Fanta Rosa for Mark West
6prics;9 and Whit* Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservlll* for Skarzs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the G«yaem; at Hop-
land Tor Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Sprtnffs. Soda Bay Lake-
port and Bartl«tt Springs : at Ukiah for Vichy
Spring:*. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakaa. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. LJeTley's.
BnckneU'e, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvtlle. Orr'»
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Brag?.
Westport. Usal. WlUltts. Leytonvllla. Cum-
ming*s. Bell's Springs, Harris. Otsen's. Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday ronnd-trio tickets to all ] point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market rt.. Chronicle" bid*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN'.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California I imited
Santa Fe Route
TaGHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most -
luxurious train across the continent. ;
Connecting Tr aus Leaves San Frajjcisco:
S PS\: Monday. Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2' IS
P.fl In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York. .
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 531
EXPRESS -*" "V^ij Palace and Tourist
and Bakersßeld- -""are QQjtfy
SEE YOU IN , San Fracdsco office. 628
'FRISCO SOON Phone Maia
Time— J-l« 17*; 7-16. MS. Fair start. "Won first three driving:. Winner, Mrs. J. A. Grays
b f7 by Koik^Florence B. Leaders happened to *et away best. Pr ncess L*ota ran out
or mWt have won.' 'CoupledwlthjgiMte^cratche^^
VIA
4
Battle With a Mon
ster Fish
Several Hours' Hard
Work Lands a Big
Prize
- I
ndex. Hcree. Weight-! St.
SS3 Floranthe 198 2
SPS Too tfot MS 1
fir,! Princes? ]>ota 10$ 3
605 Carilee 11l 7
SSS Mrs. Brunell 11l 5
$84 Imponente 108 10
870 Aphrodls 115 »
... Chaste :. 115 «
BJJ Annello 11l 11
£70 Llbbie Elklns 10S1J
... Paoharold 115 «
... Ka«Tiia >-- 115 IS
€51 Ada Fox 108 4
«fi Ker^nwell Lake. ...11l Left
Mm.
Hn. y«m.
1 H
3 2
2 *
4 4
B 2
6 1
9 5
8 tt
7 1
10 1
11
13
12
Btr. Fin. I Jockeys. |Op. . .Cl.
1 H Heineon i2O 20
2 1 Buchanan .... *20 ?<>
3 5 Morgan ¦. i- 30
4h I. Powell 6-2 11-5
6*4 Henry 6-2 *
6 2 E. Ross 5 10
IVt Tullett 3- 9-2
8 1 Hennessey 6 '20
9 2 Plggott * 6
10 5 Shaw ¦¦'•' •
11 4 Rutherford ... 20 1M
12 M. Bersren 20 100
13 Bozeman .30 . 60
•*• Thorpe 5-7
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.tSt.
SQ6 Afghan. 5 106! 4
BSS Momentum. 6....... .113 1
SRI Virtrlg. 4 ..100 2.
£76 Gauntlet, 4 106 6
SOI Don iMia. a V>s 9 '
m Sorrow. 6.. ?102 10
919 Hoealbra, 6.: 10S 8
90J Montallade. a..'. 105 5
MS Jlnsle Jingle. 4 .105 7
702 February, t..... 107 3
Km.
ijm.' >«m. Str. Fin. T | JockeyB. |Op. CI.
IV, - 1 1 12 11 Henry 3 5-2
6*4 72 3 2 2n Piggott 4 7
22 22 2n J3 I. Powell 5 8
7*4 E!i 41 <2 Thorpe 1 10
10 10 7h BIH Buchanan 10 25
8 4 8!4 Bhi 6 h M. Bergen..... 10 30
¦3 V 4 5 4 6H 7"a Bozeman 20 60
4 2 4 1 8 1 8 1 Shaw... 4 7
- 61 «h 91 91 E. R055........ B 9-J
8 1 93 10 ' 10 Morgan 6 7
Index. Horse. Welght-lSt. Urn. lira.
~W2 Erwin 10714 2n 2 2
566 KlowerofGold 107 1 11 14
(7*4) Norford 107 S 4 -4
854 Mortgage 102 2 an a 1H
Sim. Btr.
2 1 11
1% 2 h
4 3 1
3 n 4
Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. -Cl.»
1 2 (J. Martin I 8-B 2
214 Henry !». 1 8-5
3 ns Thorpe 6 *
4 a Tullett 10 10
Index. Horef. Age. Weight. |3t. Urn.
Sl2 Flamora, 3- 81 "
Ss!> Ventoro. 4 102 S 11
(921) May W, 6 -..106 1 2 2
Sis Lothian. 4 VV 4 5-
M 2 Melkarth. 5 105 5 4 1
B«l Afamada, S 103 I>»ft ...
3 2
1 2
2 H
5
4 4
Str. Fin. | Jockeya. |Op. C\.
2 2 2 8 lm ). Martin 2 11-5
12 1 1 2 6 Henry 2., 8-2
S3 3 4 310 Buchanan 2 3
5 4H 4 4 Morgan 10 50
4 4 6 E Ranch 100 2 r fl
E. Robb « 7
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Km. %m. %m. Btr. Fin. | Jocßcy«. |Op. Cl.
913 Topmast, a 11l 8 3 1 Jh 4 2 2 Ins \P\trgott 8-5 4-5
<?lfi) Chlmura. 4 1013 2tt 2 1 3 1 In 21% Henry .2 8-«
895 Twlnkler. 5 107 4 4 4 3h4 33 Bhaw 6 6
903 Weller. 4 VH 1 1* 11 11 30 4 |E. R0e«. ....... 15 E0
Index. Horee. Age. Weight. |St.
887 El Mldo. 4 112 1
577 Acrobat, 5 11l 4
574 Cromwell, a 114 5
Ml Ulm, 4 107 3
CBl I-adaea. 4 105 2
¦ Km.
1 1
S 2
1%
5
4 1
12
2 h.
3 2 .
4 2
%m. Str. Fin. Jockeya. |Op. Cl.
1 2 H 114 IShaw ; 2 - %
2 2 2 1 2 2 Thorpe »-5 7-10
8 1 3 5 310 I. Powell S . - 4
4 6 410 410 E. Hos»..« 8 20
5 5 5 Tullett 20 50
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.tSt.
SQ6 Afghan. 5 106! 4
BSS Momentum. 6....... .113 1
SRI Virtrlg. 4 ..100 2.
£76 Gauntlet, 4 106 6
SOI Don iMia. a V>s 9 '
m Sorrow. 6.. ?102 10
919 Hoealbra, 6.: 10S 8
90J Montallade. a..'. 105 5
MS Jlnsle Jingle. 4 .105 7
702 February, t..... 107 3
Km.
ijm.' >«m. Str. Fin. T | JockeyB. |Op. CI.
IV, - 1 1 12 11 Henry 3 5-2
6*4 72 3 2 2n Piggott 4 7
22 22 2n J3 I. Powell 5 8
7*4 E!i 41 <2 Thorpe 1 10
10 10 7h BIH Buchanan 10 25
8 4 8!4 Bhi 6 h M. Bergen..... 10 30
¦3 V 4 5 4 6H 7"a Bozeman 20 60
4 2 4 1 8 1 8 1 Shaw... 4 7
- 61 «h 91 91 E. R055........ B 9-J
8 1 93 10 ' 10 Morgan 6 7
Index. Horee. Age. Weight. |St.
887 El Mldo. 4 112 1
577 Acrobat, 5 11l 4
574 Cromwell, a 114 5
Ml Ulm, 4 107 3
CBl I-adaea. 4 105 2
¦ Km.
1 1
S 2
1%
5
4 1
12
2 h.
3 2 .
4 2
%m. Str. Fin. Jockeya. |Op. Cl.
1 2 H 114 IShaw ; 2 - %
2 2 2 1 2 2 Thorpe »-5 7-10
8 1 3 5 310 I. Powell S . - 4
4 6 410 410 E. Hos»..« 8 20
5 5 5 Tullett 20 50
Index. Horse. Welght-lSt. Urn. lira.
~W2 Erwin 10714 2n 2 2
566 KlowerofGold 107 1 11 14
(7*4) Norford 107 S 4 -4
854 Mortgage 102 2 an a 1H
Sim. Btr.
2 1 11
1% 2 h
4 3 1
3 n 4
Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. -Cl.»
1 2 (J. Martin I 8-B 2
214 Henry !». 1 8-5
3 ns Thorpe 6 *
4 a Tullett 10 10
Index. Horef. Age. Weight. |3t. Urn.
Sl2 Flamora, 3- 81 "
Ss!> Ventoro. 4 102 S 11
(921) May W, 6 -..106 1 2 2
Sis Lothian. 4 VV 4 5-
M 2 Melkarth. 5 105 5 4 1
B«l Afamada, S 103 I>»ft ...
3 2
1 2
2 H
5
4 4
Str. Fin. | Jockeya. |Op. C\.
2 2 2 8 lm ). Martin 2 11-5
12 1 1 2 6 Henry 2., 8-2
S3 3 4 310 Buchanan 2 3
5 4H 4 4 Morgan 10 50
4 4 6 E Ranch 100 2 r fl
E. Robb « 7
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Km. %m. %m. Btr. Fin. | Jocßcy«. |Op. Cl.
913 Topmast, a 11l 8 3 1 Jh 4 2 2 Ins \P\trgott 8-5 4-5
<?lfi) Chlmura. 4 1013 2tt 2 1 3 1 In 21% Henry .2 8-«
895 Twlnkler. 5 107 4 4 4 3h4 33 Bhaw 6 6
903 Weller. 4 VH 1 1* 11 11 30 4 |E. R0e«. ....... 15 E0
- I
ndex. Hcree. Weight-! St.
SS3 Floranthe 198 2
SPS Too tfot MS 1
fir,! Princes? ]>ota 10$ 3
605 Carilee 11l 7
SSS Mrs. Brunell 11l 5
$84 Imponente 108 10
870 Aphrodls 115 »
... Chaste :. 115 «
BJJ Annello 11l 11
£70 Llbbie Elklns 10S1J
... Paoharold 115 «
... Ka«Tiia >-- 115 IS
€51 Ada Fox 108 4
«fi Ker^nwell Lake. ...11l Left
Mm.
Hn. y«m.
1 H
3 2
2 *
4 4
B 2
6 1
9 5
8 tt
7 1
10 1
11
13
12
Btr. Fin. I Jockeys. |Op. . .Cl.
1 H Heineon i2O 20
2 1 Buchanan .... *20 ?<>
3 5 Morgan ¦. i- 30
4h I. Powell 6-2 11-5
6*4 Henry 6-2 *
6 2 E. Ross 5 10
IVt Tullett 3- 9-2
8 1 Hennessey 6 '20
9 2 Plggott * 6
10 5 Shaw ¦¦'•' •
11 4 Rutherford ... 20 1M
12 M. Bersren 20 100
13 Bozeman .30 . 60
•*• Thorpe 5-7T3T3TTOUCO for BAnnERS. bak-
IL* *¦*¦**'*'*¦*¦***" bout**, billiard table*.
trnren. bookbln<Jcr«. cmndy-makera. c*nnen.
avers, flour milis. foundries. . l*u?dl*e£l * u ? d I* e £ *>*£T
hanser*. prlntera. talnters. »hoe factorle.. «ta-
tlenien. tar-roofers, tanners, tailor*, etc
KUCHA!* \* BROS..
Brush Wanufaetorers. CO9 Sasramento St
lA/. X. HESS.
ITOTABT FCBLIG AKD ATTOBNET-ir-LAT.
Tenth Floor. Room ICIS. CUui SpreckeU Bid*.
Telephone Brown S3L
Kesldence. t2l CalUornla »t.. below Powell.
Caa FraadßCO.
Roadway Concession Asked.
The Sunset Improvement Club, voicing
the sentiment of the residents of that val
ley, has petitioned the Park Commission
ers for the privilege of using the rcuth
drive as an accommodation . outlet for
teams and vehicles delivering goods, etc
to the people. As it Is now, Hstrce" Is
not In proper condition for general traffic
and as a consequence the drivers of 'earns
Into the Sunset Valley are compelled to
make a circuitous route a mile out of ,i di
rect line, which could be obviated If they
were permitted to use the southern drlva
from Ninth avenue to Stanyan street .
A committee from this club has also
waited on Superintendent Vlnlng looking
for a better car service in the Interest of
the many laboring men engaged !n the
park. The need for this is made moro ap
parent since the several smaller parks of
the city have betn placed under the.con
trol of the Park Commissioners." This ad
ditional responsibility compels the work
nren who live about the Golden Gate Park
to . get to their places of : employment* at
regular hours, whereas heretofore they
could walk to.the park in time for duty.
The want of an electric light at the park
entrance at Ninth avenue has been > fully
represented to the Commissioners also/ "
j§^ Not a Pain,
» Not an Ache.
tTHHI < ' Hll\ Good nerves, good digestion, a clear brain and a
/ -«B^4fe.sJtBfcfc\ world of ambition to carry you onto success in life. These
I A Bsi^iiißi^P^ are the results of pumping a stream of electricity into
JaffißWßßffgllls^ your body while you sleep at night. You can get them if
in iiafy r * McLaughlin's
Electric Belt.
¦ Have you heard the shouts of joy which have come from the
: * ¦3M users of this modern wonder-worker? Have you listened to the
• ..-' -^iP^IB^ " happy testimonials which have come from those who have been
' ¦';¦'*.¦". ;*; * • - cured by it? Your. neighbors are using it and praising it for curing
Veakßack and Kidneys, f them after all else had failed. _
' • 127% s. Bunker Hill st., It is as good for women as for men, and cures Nervousness, In-
drT m^a^McLatohlFnv ?™' digestion, Pains in the Back and Limbs, Weak Kidneys, Stomach
¦¦¦• Dear sir: Your Beit has done won- and Liver Troubles, Rheumatism, etc., by renewing the strength
: - &T*tt&2£-'2£T'S2 m S$ in all weak parts. • . . \\
nrnke^ieas^Tn^ommi^ o^ Dr. McLauzhlin's Electric B-It Is the 'best electric body appliance on earth.
: aa it has been . a God-send to me. j» u a;> a n tne improvements known to science, a per: ect regulator ana no turning
ve,y truly. J. P. LANDT. wr Mi^ r]nv , - , : .
__ : • * r»V J Call and Vee It and test It free. 1 Tou will DR. ? Mt A, MCLAUGHLIN.
I?V*/\A I AOT I tnen "•* how wonderfullylt does lt« work. _If TO2 ji arket st> cor." Keamy. 9. T.i Bardlck
HPPP I MSI you cannot call »end for my lllustratert book- iSr Bprlni ami Second its.. Lo« AoselM.
?M? ;-- : r^VfV A full information and price»-^nt frw.- . — IX DRCGBTORE3.
EDUCATIONAL TOPICS.
Committee Prepares a Programme
for Discussion by the State
. Commission.
. The special committee of the State Ed
ucational Commission met' in the Lick
House yesterday for the purpose of ar
ranging a programme of subjects for the
discussion of the State Commission when
it meets In this city on the 12th prox. .
; The following members of the committee
were present at yesterday's meeting: State
Superintendent of Education T. J. Kirk
(chairman). Professor E. E. Brown of the
University of California, Professor Cub
berly of Stanford. < Superintendent J. W.
McClymonds of Oakland, Superintendent
Furlong of Marln County. Superintendent
J. ,W. Linnscott of Santa Cruz, R. M.
Shakelford of Paso Robles and J. W.
Beattie of Berkeley. Mr. Beattle acted
as secretary- •
: After careful consideration the follow
ing topics were selected for. discussion by
the State Commission: "Certification of
Teachers": "Relation of High Schools to
State" ;• "Time of Selecting School Trus
tees"; "Election of Teachers' Governing
Board of State Normal School"; "Admis
sions to State Normal School"; Concen
tration of School Districts and ¦: Trans
portation of Pupils"; "Trustees' Day at
Teachers' Institute and Method of Select
ing State Superintendent" : "Compulsory
Education"; "Industrial Education."
"The State Commission consists of alxtyr
three members, all of whom are prom
inent ln the educational circles of Cali
fornia. • ' -
LITTLE BLANCHE TRELEASE. seven
years of age. Is the latest aspirant for
stage honors, and if the opinons of
critics count, there is no doubt of her
success as a clever character imperson
ator. The child's versatility is most re
markable and her impersonation true and
lifelike. In the "Brownies in Fairyland"
the little one will show to advantage in
her laughable Chinese Imitations, songs
and dances.
Offers for the . professional stage have
poured in on Miss Trelease, but It has
been decided that she will devote another
year to study before doing any regular
professional work. Little Blanche will
make her first appearance to-morrow af
ternoon in the "Brownies" at the Califor
nia Theater. -".-';
HYDROGRAPHIC
OFFICE IS TO
BE CONTINUED
Congress Reconsiders Its
Determination to Cut
Expenses.
The Call's Effort to Protect San Fran-
Cisco's Shipping Interests Is
Crowned With Complete
Success.
In the bill which ia regularly Introduced
in Congress making appropriations for
the Hydrographic Office there was in
troduced this year a clause that said "no
expenditure shall be Incurred or author
ized for personal service, or otherwise, un
der the Hydrographic Office during the
fiscal year 1901 except as herein author
ized by appropriations under the Navy
Department, or under appropriations that
may be made for printing and binding."
In other words the running expenses- of
the Hydrographic Office were to be so cut
down that it would have been impossible
to pay the salaries and other expenses
necessary for maintaining the branch of
fices ln the different seaport cities
throughout the United States.
These offices are of great importance'
and the aid they afford to safe naviga
tion cannot be too highly estimated It
appeared that the reduction of the ap
propriation, which would have amounted
to something over $84,000, was a measure
of false economy, which would have cost
the country far more than that sum" in
the long run, through the losses our ship
ping would suffer, deprived of the Infor
mation collected through the help of the
branch Hydrographic Office in this city.
The Call, readily enlisted itself In the
effort to secure • the restoration of the
necessary appropriation, so that the office
here might be continued and the seafar
ing interests in and out of San Francisco
be afforded the much-appreciated help it
has always received. How well The Call
succeeded ln.its effort ¦ will' be seen, by
the following telegram, which was re
ceived last night: ;
WASHINGTON, D. C. March 13. 1900.
John D. Spreckels, San Francisco Call
San Francisco. Cal.: Appropriation for
HydtOKraphlo Office restored and restric
tions of payment for personal services re
moved by Senate Committee on ¦ Appropria
tions ln appropriation bill reported to the
6enate to-day. GEORGE L. SHOUP.
United States Senator.
. This means that the Hydrographic Of
fice In this city will be continued as usual
under the direction of Lieutenant Calk
ins, the same who stood on the bridge
with Dewey when the famous fight in Ma
nila Bay was made and won. and that the
shipping interests of the Pacific Coast will
not in the future be deprived of any of
the safeguards they have had to protect
them In. the, past.
' Mlillnery opening. ISth, l«th/ 17th,*Thuri. Frl.
and Sat. Cantor' • Leader Millinery, 909 Market.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men -who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
Buffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicoeele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to ¦ the
State Medical Institute, 32S Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
great class cf men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
«=ample will enable them to see how easy
ft Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makesvno restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a 'ree, sample,
carefully eealed ln a plain package, . so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
renu«»s«vd to write without delay.
Schooner Zampa Libeled.
C. Vf. Corsar and others., owners of tha
British ship Reliance, filed a libel yester
day In the United States District Court
turalnst the schooner Zampa to recover
(2975* damages alleged to have been inflict
ed by the schooner on the ship on the 28th
of last January in the Pacific Ocean.
Common whi&ky !s a -curse— the O'.d
Government Is a blossinp. •
SHERITH ISRAEL'S
GOLDEN JUBILEE
• Congregation Sherith Israel Is now ln Its
golden jubilee year and elaborate prepara
tions are being made to properly cele
brate the event on April 22. the eve of
the coming Passover festival. The syna
gogue, on the corner of Post and Taylor
Ftreets. will be beautifully decoratjd for
the occasion and appropriate services will
be held. Rabbi Jacob Nieto will be as
sisted by Rabbis J. Voorsanger, M. S.
Levy and Isidor Meyer of this city anJ
Rabbi Friedlander of Oakland. The cele
bration will be a notable one in Jewish
circles.
STATE BOARD
OF TRADE IN
ANNUAL SESSION
Report of President Chip
man Covers Every Phase
of Industry.
Election of Officers and Important
Resolutions Passed— Vital Ques
tions Treated in 'the Elab
orate Yearly Message.
The State Board of Trade met in annual
session yesterday afternoon 1 at the. ferry,
depot building. The report of President
CWpmanwas read and officers were elect
ed Cthe ensuing year. Those
tended the meeting were: N. P- C^pn^r.;
President of the ' State Board of Trade .
president o Craigle Sharp. Mrs. Eliza-
EeEW. Maslin and- 1. H. Thomas
rrv.t report covered a detailed
. t^ a t/ O n of the conditions existing In
investigation oi tne»- c of ,„.
every oraMh^l* t§ a Qf forests#
d^ Bt X;>iries climate and its economic
the fisheries. emu« transportation fa
value; .^"Jl^vaSuVs labor demand., cost
cl , llt , 6 1ni a commerce, manufacture, ship
of ?^1 l »*' horTes and mules, sheep ¦ and
bee culture, fruit growing,
w ? 0l> viticulture, destined to
wine . and h^ r^eXtest industry of Calitor
become the greatesi vegetab | e garden
nla: Bh , l P me I n "roductlons. Institutions of
lng .',, mV!! e n rffious development, benev
civll zation wUgWJs stltutionSt frater
ole ntt , &%¦ Btat- and local government,
nal societies. »tai. cereals, floriage
agricultural f?°°" t ob a cco. horned cattle.
R^^ristrocean frontage, navigable
California as to oci catureS( . the great
rivers, toP^fJL. assessed valuation, etc.;
valleys. cou R tles »-»« mon ?c hoolß
ffinch^fs^Tate Normal School and
U Thr«n«al summary and comparative •
show:5 how: i« »i« 8- dried fruits, 86,925.3; rais-
f rult ?i3S'?-nut3 6608.4: canned fruits,
i ns oi n 36l^rio ft ds T iruiT 43.364.3; - carload-.,
75,240: cffj^vfy'rail 2613.6; by sea. 790.7;
C^SS^WS ;«& b randy. Vl3 .9; total
Tab^ with 1599 are as follows: Gains—
year 1898 2?,duous 2721.2; dried, fruits,
n d ,ft, 79 8 ; canned fruits. 2302.
1026.2; nuts. ™- sult5 ult tm2: raslns, 1198.7;
Los9 fw2i 442 7- wines and brandy. 300.1.
V ¥he acUon^f the promotion committee
# ? i *> • Commercial Museum was Indorsed.
#J Jjq^rT regard to the request made
Thls Th« renrefentatives In Washington
upon the represent w^ teh
to ,f e^ for of 1200,000 for
' Museum by adding to
K:*»SrSiMQ for the Pacific Coast Museum.
th |ne lowing Resolution of Colonel J.
P Irish was ordered printed:
wh.Mfis The rapid decline of the forage on
.^•^'raMemt the Weet not only Injures
the Bt »«*-E£f e iupply o* the country, but in
the "^V-. Aridity of the States and Territories
rely YonV on water storage and Irrlga-
U wi,.^s' This destruction of the y&railni
•VVhereas.l jus to helf , OCCUpAncy
.value or the 5J«gJ»^" ln over-stocking them
a9 -, CC f^?uently in^lawlessness and violence
brtweWS VinS. • who fight for^ their use;
al w>,»r»iui The Secretary of Agriculture has
the value of these lands. will b«
reported tnarinc prenent ¦ system con
i? ta L ly a ndt™at their title remaining in the
F^era? Government they should ( be leased to
. t^M«i for a term of years in such hold-
SBin^^H'r? &££&
k^m X immediately authorized by Congress.
Yit«r detayJs fatal to the value of the
fiirfTSS .menaces the stock Interest with ex-
was* unanimously carried
and ordered ¦ sent hto representatives in
Congress and the Lands Committee In
each house. After the reading of reports
and drafting of resolutions an election "of
officers T-wal held.^ The following, wer*
?Sk™ ¦¦^C&erml N. P. Chipman, presi
dent' J B. JCm«r». ,iHe«.waiM«iitj Arthur
R. Briggs,' second vice president: J. A.
Fllcher, secretary and general manager;
Crocker-Woolworth Bank, treasurer.
CLEVER, CHILD
IN HER DEBUT
.Hep Character Impersona
tions Jlpe Said to Be
Truly Remarkable.
WILLIE'S GUN NEARLY
BROKE UP THE SHOW
He Mystified the Trainers, Worried
the Ponies and Got Himself Into
Serious Trouble.
' A small boy with a slingshot came v«ry
near breaking up tho performance of Nor
ris & Rowe's Dig trained animal shew at
Mechanics' Pavilion last night, and there
by disappointing the thousands of iieopla
who had congregated to witness the per
formance.
The boy, whose name is "Willie Brown,
purchased a 10-cent ticket and took a seat
on a rafter In the gallery. He had with
him a slingshot end a pocket full of buck
shot. Everything went well until Mr.
Rumley. the equestrian director, entered
the ring with his twelve Shetland ponie*
to put them through the military drill.
The ponies lined up nicely at the com
mand of Mr. Rumley. and then suddenly
they began to kick and run and Jo ail
sorts of things not on the programme.
Try as he may. he could do nothing with
the ponies. Finally, as a last resort, ha
attached a rope to the ponies, the same
as if he. were training them, and tried to
get them to go through the drill, but to no
avail. Mr. Rumley turned red, mopped
his forehead and gave up In despair.
Finally Mr. Norris was called in. but ha
could do no more than Mr. Rumley.
¦ The small boy in the gallery was tha
cause of the trouble. He had hit
rllngshot working all the time, like a re
peating rifle, on the ponies, and his aim
was excellent. One of the shot from the
gallery hit Mr. Norrls on the arm. and
then the cause of the trouble was learned.
Officer Hook was sent to the gallery and
the young culprit was taken to the office,
where his Implements of destruction wcr<*
taken from him and a good spankin? ad
ministered by the officer, who then sent
him home.
Had not the shot hit Mr. Norris no doubt
the audience would have had to be dis
missed, as the little animals were terribly
confused. Mr. Norrls says that this was
the first experience of the kind ha has
encountered during* his career of seven
teen years before the public He sayn Wil
lie Brown has a wonderful Idea of mis
chief.
Sudden Death of Dennis O'Brien.
Dennis O'Brien, a laborer, 65 years old,
was found dead yesterday morning on the
floor of his room In the house 2323 Mason
street. He had been subject to epileptic
fits and his death is. supposed to have
been caused from natural causes. An in
quest will be held.
Men's Fine
Neckwear 19c
25c, 35c and 60c Four-in-hands, Tecks, Puffs
and String Ties, on special sa'e IQg%
this week only Mm&*o
Men's Silk Initial
Handkerchiefs 7c.
We have bought 15C0 Japonet Pocket Hand-
kerchiefs, men's size, at a price we cannot
hope to duplicate again, and they go on
special sale this morning. They look like
silk, have a hemstitched border and a 2-
inch silk initial woven in corner, and are a
very comfortable handkerchief to use.
Special price Wednesday 0n1y....... *7 j*
each # Ctr
Cloaks Half Price.
The balance of Strauss' fine Suits, Jackets, Waists, Skirts, Cape 3,
__ • ' ' • etc., one-quarter and one-half
¦^i^ S^i^Y regular prices. Many handsome
Jgi^W £*PPS^ garments still remain.
&&££^S S l*^F^i $5.00 to $30.00 Jackets now
t^S^cT ;*i? J St.ao to $10.00
•?§ *) $10.00 to ? 33.00 All Wool Dresses n0w.......
Jg^/ /^N^^C ~ $5.00 tO $15.90
1 \ j^.^ 1 ) 58.00 to $20.00 Silk Petticoats now
yr^BJV I l^^n $3.95 t0 510.00
If i I A I i-23 53.50, to $30.00 Separate Skirts now
/ / i / A f~^mffl •—• • $fmßa to $10.00
A '/ / VLr^r^i'l $1.50 to $10.00 Ladies' Wrappers now
;y\ ;/¦/ lf& IV* • • 69b to $5.00
lil*^ * A 810* 0 fl'i 75c and $1.00 Shirt WaiaN now .........
fi^M^i M A I'l 3Sc anU 500
Vo£r?Xs 5 10 - 00 t0 520.00 Silk Wants
. /&'<&> $4.95 to $7.50
' " "**^" l^ ™ "™"!"" ™ " !" Second Floor — Front.
25c Handk'fs
To-Day for 15c.
Ladies' Sheer Lawn Handkerchiefs, 20 differ-
ent and entirely new styles, elaborately
trimmed with Valenciennes lace or inser-
tion, actual value 20c and 25c e-"ch, 129
dozsn offered for Wednesday 4 1%*%
only at : M%9%*
Haudkerchief Dep't - Rotunda.
WHY GALLAGHER HIT
MARTINE ON THE JAW
Incidents of a Fight in the Oberon
Belated to Judge Mogan and a
Decision Reserved. ' '
The mistake made by Joseph Martlne
and Dr. D. Kennet, proprietors of tfce
Oberon, last Saturday in attacking James
Gallagher, a piano-mover, was related to
Judge Mogan yesterday, Gallagher having
been arrested on a charge of battery
The evidence showed that.. Gallagher
went to the Oberon, accompanied by
James ODea, and presented an order from
his employers for a piano. Kennet told
him that he could not get it and if he did
not go out he would be kicked out. Gal
lagher replied that Kennet had better
think it over. Martlne then chimed in
and said that If Kennet wouldn't kick
Gallagher out he would. Gallagher made
the same reply to Martine, and Martine
swung for Gallagher's head, but did riot
land. Gallagher was more fortunate and
landed on Martlne's jaw.
Gallagher had to dodge beer glasses for
a couple of minutes, and made for t>e
lunch counter to get crockery to defend
himself. He grabbed hold of a pickle bot
tle,, but ODea advised him to quit =*nd
they left the place. Just as they went out
of the door Martine shouted: "If you come
back here I'll shoot you on the spot." The
Judge after hearing the testimony re
served his decision till this morning.
Furniture and
Pommal Specials for
Uarpe* Two Days Only,
Attractive offerings in the great
second-floor Furniture Store for
Wednesday and Thursday :
Saddle-Seat Rocker— Golden oak
finish with brace arms, regularly $2, for
two days. .— $t.OO
Pedestals— Solid golden oak, highly
polished, regularly 56, for two days
$4*25
Gondola Couch— Full clipper edge,
well made, upholstered ia fancy velours,
regiiTarly $13.50. for two days..s/0,50
Genuine Wilton Rugs — Elegant
new patterns —
18x36 inch, regularly $2.50, for 5t. 75
27x60 inch, regularly $4.00, for $3. C0
36x72 inch, regularly J6.50, for $5.25
linoleums — Extra heavy grades, new,
handsome patterns, per yard -SCO
Remnants Ingrain Carpets—
Varoua patterns, ia lengths of 5 to 10
yards to c'o?e out. at the very
special price. ....... .per yard «*OC
Stair Carpets— A large line of odd
stair runners, many patterns, lengths from
! 5 to 15 yards, the $1 grade, to close them
out, now per yard 65c
Remnants pi Matting— The 25c
to -35c qualities, ia lengths from 3to 10
yards, per yard tOt
New 75° Taffeta
Silk, 59c yd.
Another fortunate silk purchase
enables us to make • this great
offering for to-day only. .
19-inch plain Colored Taffetas, in the choicest
colorings for spring, including many new
'pastel shades - reseda, cerise, emerald,"
magenta, brown, gobelin b'ue. castor,
myrtle, bluet, etc., etc., in an extra heavy,
guaranteed, good-wearing 75c j quality,
suitable for linings and shirt wa ; Bt«. at
the very special price..... ISTOaft*
per yard W **
THE attorneys for tha respondents
In Mrs. Craven-Fair's litigation
against the Fair estate, now on
trial before Judge /Troutt. gave
very strong indications yesterday
as to the line of their defense. The man
ner In which they handled the cross-ex
amination of Mrs. Purcell, the dress
maker, or, as she terms herself, "mo
diste," in connection with the bold asser
tion that they would prove the marriage
contract to be a forgery, reached almost
the point of accusing the constructor 1 of
women's garments of being a penwoman.
Mrs. Craven-Fair's New Witness.
When Mr. Pierson exhausted his list of
Questions calculated to mix the mind of
the "modiste" the petitioner Introduced
a new witness in the person of H. M.
Bryant, a migratory individual, who shied
at the Intimation that he was Interested
in "schemes" but proudly proclaimed
himself a "promoter." His evidence did
not fit together very well and on some
points he was so positively strong as to
he extremely harmful to the interests of
Mrs. Craven-Fair's case. For example,
he was positive he became acquainted
with Fair in San Francisco during ISSS,
and no amount of Interrogation had the
effect of making him waver from the as
sertion. Under cross-examination he ivas
equally positive that he never set foot
on the soil of the Pacific Slope until IS9L
Exhibition of Penmanship.
Mrs. Purcell's account books were pro
duced in court during the morning ses
sion. Mr. Pierson discovered entries
in them In both large and small
handwriting and was anxious to learn
which style of chirography the witness
was accustomed to employ. She could
not tell.
The attorney undertook to get some up
to-date samples of 'her penmanship and
had her write names and sentences and
the bodies of documents that apparently
have a very important bearing on the
litigation. •
A Shot at Expert Kytka.
Just before she undertook the penman
ship exhibition Attorney Lafe Pence shied
a chunk of sarcasm at Writing Expert
Kytka. requesting that he be instructed
by the court to watch the witness write,
so he could not testify later on that the
samples of penmanship were not hers.
Plerson wanted only specimens of pencil
writing. He had Mrs. Purcell write
"James G. Fair," "Nettle R. Craven,"
"Margaret Craven" and the number
"ISTU." Then he had her copy on two
blanks the written portions of the famous
pencil deeds. This had gone on for some
time without interruption from Pence.
Finally Mrs. Craven-Fair's attorney de
cided it was time to be doing something,
and interposed an objection to further
writing ty Mrs. Purcell unless the re
spondents would indicate the purpose of
that line of examination. McEnerney re
plied that he would define his side of tb«
case when he reached it and did not feel
called upon to do It before.
Declares Contract a Forgery.
Pence was persistent, and McEnerney
strained a point and answered him.
"We always have claimed, we do claim
now and will establish before this . trial
is over that the marriage contract is a
forgery." was the Fair attorney's decla
ration.
"Then we withdraw our objection,"
announced Pence, and the examination in
writing continued.
On redirect examination Pence a^kii
Mrs. Purcell if she had forged the con
tract or the pencil deeds or the pencil
will, and she replied with a laugh that
she had not. Pence also wanted souin
Eamplea of the witness* handwriting, but
it was the pen and ink variety that he
sought. The first sentence he had her
write was:
""How many pruesses does it take for an
expert to tell the truth?"
TCytka flushed a bit at th*» shot. The
witness wrote from Pence's dictation the
section of the trust will which provides
that any legatee contesting shall 'orfeit
all rights under the testament. He was
going to have her write some other things,
but the court thought the Irony had gone
far enough.
Denies &he Is a Forg^er.
Replying to Pence's questions, Mrs. Pur
cejl said 6he had not written the trust
will which mysteriously disappeared from
the County Clerk's office; that she had
not stolen it; did not know how much re
ward the executors had.offered for its re
turn, or how hard the Executors had tried
to recover It. She made a couple of in:
material corrections to her testimony of
the day before and was temporarily ex
cused. .
H. M. Bryant was then ushered into the
case. He calls San Francisco his home,
although he resides in Oakland. In tho
last three or four years he has occupied
apartments in no lei's than a hundrfA
hotels and rooming houses, but he could
enly remember the names and locations of
three cr four of them. He was certain
of three dates — ISSB. when he olalms he
•was Introduced to Fair in San Franc'sco;
IS9I. when he asserts he first come to CHli
fornia, and the latter part of May, 1592,
when he says he met Mrs. Craven-Fair
and the Senator in the latter's office. His
mind is a blank on all other days and
dates.
Told Bryant She Was His Wife.
According to his testimony he was in
Fair's office during th*» latter part of May
or the first of June, 1592, when Mrs. Cra
ven-Fair came In.
"Fair introduced her; to me as his wife,"
continued the witness. "She began talk
ing to him about going away, and as tho
matter was no business of mine I did not
listen to the details of the conversation
After she left the office Fair requpsted
me not to mention about him being mar
ried, as he did not want the public to
know. He referred to his wife as 'Net
tie.'" '.
Bryant testified that he saw the couple
a few days later In a doorway on Sutler
or Post street talking with a third party.
This bit of evidence is supposed to dove
tail with the story of the meeting of Mrs.
Craven-Fair, the Senator and Notary
Craig. . • ¦
"Touched" the Senator for $50.
He remembered the date of the meetlnj?
at Fair's office from the fact that he went
there that day to make a "touch" '-'or $00
and got it. He needed the money to send
a young woman named June Payne back
tp her home in Salt Lake City. He bought
her a first-class ticket at the Seventh
street depot, Oakland, but he. did not re
member that. her name was on the cou
pon.
A search will be made through the.rail
road's records to ascertain how near Bry
ant Is to being correct. Hia crosa-cxaru
ination will be continued to-day.
J. H. Cutter's
Whisky 69c.
For Wednesday only, we offer tfce favorite
James H. Cutter Al Bonrbon Whisky (the
genuine A. P. Hotalicg>, at the astonish-
ingly low price J?Oafti
per bottle Oift?
Slfain Floor— -T^ear.
Two Grocery
&PBCi3iS IVttk Only. '
Best Family Flour — Emporium
brand, guaranteed to be the equal of any
manufactured; all this week, "yjET-r*
per sack of 50 lbs # •* t»
Canned Apricotm— Choice standard
I fruit, only 934 cans ia this lot ; while
quantity lasts, this week, spe- If%*%
cial price per can m%M%O
Main Floor — Rear.
25c Fancy Rib"
bons, lsc yd.
A Wednesday special sale of this season's
most stylish Fancy Ribbons, 1000 yards
of Novelty Jacquard 'Weaves, • 8J V inches
wide, for neck rand ¦¦ millinery j purposes.
A rich assortment of. colorings, ,;inclnd-
ing pink, blue, cream, white, back and
24 other shades; worth 20c .and 25c' per
yard— going to sell it to-day - + EZ*%
only f0r...... ;#€flr.
'Bargain TabU — (Main Aisle.
Don't forget the Plaid DrOSS Goods and Golf Suitings Sale this week.
A superb collection and unrivaled assortment of Plaid Dress Fabrics, Golf and Reversible Suitings. Onr offer until closing time Saturday
night is: Choice of any piece in the store over 50c a yard at 20 per cent less than regular prices— -75c Plaids, 60c; $1.00 Plaids, 80c; $1.25
Plaids,^/.00/ :sl.7s;Plaids,fiV4a r etc., etc. . :}y^ •
THE EMPORIUM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEnNTESD^,]^
FAIR ATTORNEYS DECLARE
CONTRACT IS A FORGERY
By Intimation They Charge Mrs. Purcell
With Having Uttered It
-
Mrs. Craven-Fair Produces Another Witness Who
Testifies That the Senator Introduced Her .
as His Vife.
Haxxard, <M|E CiIHAMIIIA' 7no
trlloqvlst, 111*' ¦ *~*
Dally 10 to 12 a. m. ™ • OOaUieOlfaile SalaaT. *• ji 50 dozen. Gallery.
2 to 5 p. m. . CAUFORMA-S LMKJEST-AMERICA-S ORANDEST STOHaV gecond Floor.
Clothing Half Price.
Closing days of the sale of Brown Bros. & Co/s Retail Stock. No
more at these prices after Saturday night. Come at once if you
would secure some of this fine, all-wool clothing at half, its
real worth. ;
Men's $13*00 SuliS- Cheviots and ¦'¦''....["
. Cassimeres— now...... ..S6*BO J"*"™"**^™^"**"™" I^^^^™"*
Men's $15.00 Suits- 2) different pc> >^
styles— now. $7*50 A*ZZ3%
Men's $22m50 Suits— 2o newest ff*3f w*%
patterns— now........ ...........$11*25 an!* 7 v "*j ' '
Men's $12. 50 Overcoats— yfCyEkk: •
. Beavers, Kerseys and Chev:0t8.....545..?5 jT ¥\/ig\ /^^V^CTXTN •
Young Men's $1O Overcoats AN^ AA >tff ¦ A
—6 styles..... ....................... ..$5.00 '/ ] F VI
Boys* $SmOO Reefer Suits- For / Ja \ /
ages 3to 8 years ....S2. SO I ° tW
56.50 Vestee Suits— New styles ! V^t# / O
for boys 3to 8 year5..........".......5«?.-?.5 — /p • f HO f
Boys' $2, 75 2'Pieoe Suits— i= j\ j I
' Siz3S Bto 15 year 5........ .....sl*4-0 / I «JI =
80/s' $10.00 3-Picco Suits- '\ f] T 'uL i
Coats single or doubh breasted.. .ssmoo- /\ \ I UT 1 )' t if^
\And dozens of other snaps. ' ¦>»! » w - ¦
Main Floor - Near Entrance
THE STARVATION PUN
Of Treating Dyspepsia and ' Stomach
Troubles Is Useless and Un-
scientific
Th© almost certain failur* of the star-
vation cure for dyspepsia has been proven
time and again, but even now a course of
Cietlr.e is generally the first thing recom-
mended for a case of Indigestion or any
etomach trouble.
Many people with weak digestion, as
well as some physicians, consider the first
etep to take ln attempting to cure indiges-
tion is to restrict the diet, either by se-
lecting certain foods and rejecting others
or to cut down the amount of food eaten
to barely enoußh to keep soul and body
together, in other words, the starvation
plan is by many supposed to be the first
essential.
All this is radically wrong. It Is foolish
and unscientific to recommend dieting to
a man already suffering from starvation
because Indigestion Itself starves every
organ, nerve and fiber ln the body.
What people with poor digestion most
need Is abundant nutrition, plenty of good.
wholesome, properly cooked food, and
Fomethlng to assist the weak stomach to
digest it.
This is exactly the purpose for which
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are adapted
and the true reason why they cure the
worst cases of stomach trouble.
Eat a sufficient amount of wholesome
*ood and after each meal take one or two
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets to promptly
digest It.
In this way the system Is nourished and
the overworked stomach rested, because
the tablets will digest the food whether
the stomach works or not. one grain of
the active digestive principle ln Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets being sufficient to
digest 3000 grains of meat, eggs or other
albuminous food.
Dr. Harlandson and Dr. Redwell recom-
mend these tablets ln all cases of defect-
ive digestion because the pepsin and dias-
taste in them are absolutely free from
ar.imaJ matter and otf.er impurities and
being pleasant to the taste are as safe
and harmless for the child as for the
adult.
All drugstores sell this excellent prepa-
ration and the daily use of them after
mea'.s will be of great beneflt. not only a*
en Immediate relief but to permanently
build up and invigorate the digestive or-
gans.
Buy Sheet Pearl Buttons
Music To-Bay 2 doz. for Be.
You'll probably never get it so cheap We've 500 gross at this price, for this
again. From 8 o'clock this morning nn- fay only— strictly white pearl buttons,
... , . ... . - 16 to 24 hne3, regularly oc to 9c a
til closing time thi3 eveniag we offer dozen; Bo , d on , y bc * rda f 2 dozen, at
any sheet music published at «# fS^% the very special price....: €Pg%
40c and 50c a copy for i%9C per card Of?
Music Department — Second Floor. S^oiion Department.
PILLS I
Act like magic— strengthening the Mus-
cular System, restoring the lomg-lost Com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of
Appetite, and arousing with the Rosebud
cf health the whole physical energy of
the human frame. One of the best guar-
antees to the Nervous and Debilitated is
that Beecham's Pills have the Largest
Sale of any Patent Medicine in the World,
and this has been achieved without the
publication of testimonials.
10 cents and 25 cents, at ell drug stores
Candy, Ico Crosm and
Soda Water Departments
Lari been riov?d into more coamodion3
quarlers ia the main aisle, between tha
Crockery zed Book Departments, back of
rolur.il.".
MDNYON'S INHALER
i^^^^ CURES
WZM CATARRH
' s '-is£i? COWS, Coughs.
fjfiv^*-' Hay Fever, Bron-
g^w^ chitis, Asthma
g^^^and all Diseases
f rjr of the Throat and
j |/ Lungs. I
Ocm'lf cf Medicated Taper are lrbtled
ti:rou£b the couth azd enittcd from the nos-
trils, cleacslc* and Tspotlzlsp all the Inflamed
and dlsea«»d parts which cacnot be reached by
Cjedlrfse ttki 3 lsto the stolsach.
It reaches the tyre rpoti—lt heal* the rma
f,lioet—lt goes to the seat cf disease— lt acts as
a balm and tcrni* to the whole si/stem — fl.oo at
ttruffffitUorteTUbyinail. IKS Arch SL, PhiU*.
fi visit DR- JORDAN'S great
Museum of ahatohy
i Ch 1251 ULSBZ Bt let- flfKt, S.f .fcl. ,
T fif The Lirc-t Anatomical Musccm in the
aw "l" lg ji| , World. eaknrsi-et or any contracted
4i*r S>v f-»f» v f p^»l«l»«-ly«r»d Ry th» oiccit
!*^ fc"J 1 bpeoalut cb tbe Cout. EsL 36 year*. '
A ASgfl OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES,
\ f(f&3lj Cemittatian free snd itrlrti* privitc
at I S«I II Tt * •'••"* P«*°naliy or bjr letter. A 1
\ k ' Tl M tne t - vrt:n etcr > catr csi-rtiken.
AF 1 Iff. V'ntcfsrßwi.PßlLOiOPaYtr,
f I I ill ataVfUXIAUE. MAILED FKES. <A<
v J yl valuable book (or n.rr./
9 DB. iUUD4.V «t CO.. K»l Market Su.B. F. I
pilP^ WONDERFUL
RUF»TURE CURED.
IX IXVEN'TING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
"Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce pave to
the public the most remarkable remedy ever
•Hiscovere'J for the »ucce«isrul treatment of Her-
r i« or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers have
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
by this Great appliance, and thousands of others
are now on the road to complete recovery. Thle
Truss U different frcm all ethers. It does the
You can pet our "BOOKLET No. 1" by call-
1-jr at the office, or it will be cent on receipt of
a* 2-cent rtamp. It tells all about this Truss.
ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
C2O Market Street rOi>po«Ke Palace Hotel),
Fan Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
qi CWICWCSTCR'S CN6USH
fENHYROYAL tfILLS
B j-1-s. Original aid O«ly CeaaUie.
R/7*4>NBAFE. *.iwa»»r*:i»!>ia. 1..d1r». vi Vrctr'tt
*> <( S>«-i. *» CHICIIKSTEirs KVGLISH
(r-^i^^C^S In 1JKI» as 4 <iold aetaOlc boi«« .-«>1
*»-v — ~ V "« wltfe tuß * ri - ¦*"*• Tmke r.e oth tr. Krfai*
•fsS i-«s» *£) I»««c«ron« -nb.tltoUon. aad Imlla-
II ~ Cf t lon*, r.cy *>< year Draf gut. or *>n1 ?«•. la
1 W Jf camp* for Partlealant. Tr«t(raas!al«
I«• L% as i•• Keller far I.a f. lrs," m Utter, t7t 7 rf*
_X * M *¦«• Malt. 1 ©,©«« Te.umeai»l«. ft«M kr
¦^>«— — / an Dra(fi*u. C'ble heater (hnli al CaL
Iteatlo. ttU f+pv. Ma£la*a t><ia»r«, fill LA.. VA.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A CHEAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. _
The ir.oat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both »exes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on It; own merits.
NABFR. ALFS * BRL'NE. AffenU.
£3 Morket slreetTS- F.-<Send for Circular).
DR.PIERCES
G©LDEN
MEDICAL •
FOR THE _
Bf.OOP.gJVER. -LUNGS."
5Kepner Murder.
: Gilbert Adams, who shot and killed E.
S. Pepner, barber, 44 O'Farrell street*. Feb
ruary 18, was yesterday held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Conlan
on ' the > charge of murder,, without ball
Adams claimed that he fixed the Bhot in
self-defense. ¦ >.n
Recent reports from the Philippines are very clear
evidence that the "war" has degenerated into some
thing with no more excitement than a rabbit drive.
The natives are proving desperately easy game for
American bullets.
The "boy preacher" who is doing such remarkable
work among the backsliders in this city might try his
persuasive eloquence on that "boy burglar" who is
creating such a disturbance in Monterey.
If the announcements of the enthusiasts who arc
urging a great bond issue {or Oakland are true the
people across the bay must have in view a plan to
tear down their city and build a new one.
LIBERTY VELVET COSTUME.
- The corsage and tunic of the dress rep
resented are of wood-colored Liberty vel
vet. - The 1 corsage is slightl'' : decollete,
and has collar lapels of guipure, edged
with a narrow frill of black Liberty silk.
The skirt is trimmed with a flounce of
black Liberty -. silk, headed by a broad
band of guipure Insertion.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FOR CUBA— A. H.. City. When the
First United . States Infantry left San
Francisco in April, 1898, it wu for Flor
ida, en route to Cuba. . '„¦• ~ t
TRAMP JUGGLER— A. R. 8.. Oakland,
Cal. It was the "tramp Juggler," and not
the "tramp musician," who was married
in Oakland some time ago.
BATTLE OF MANILA BAY— A. H..
City. The battle of Manila Bay. when
Dewey destroyed the 'Spanish- fleet, oc
curred on the Ist of May. IS9B.
• TREATY OF PEACE— A. H.. Ctty. The
treaty of peace between Spain and the
United States* was signed in Paris," France.
December 10, 1808. The peace protocol was
signed and an armistice declared on the
12th of August preceding.
UNKNOWN TO FAME— L. M., City. If
Bob Rain and Jack Mayor met in the ring
in Shasta County, California. July 4,. 1899,
the contest was evidently not worth ¦ re
cording, for there is no account of it in
the daily papers of the time nor is there
any record of it in the chronology of the
prize ring for that year. For that reason
this department is unable to tell "how
many rounds there were and if It waa a
good fight." .-.•¦¦¦
IS A CANADIAN— A. H.. City: A boy
born in the Dominion of Canada Is a
Canadian and British subject, providing
he waa not born to • parents traveling
through tha country or to parents while
the father was resident there with his
family and representing a foreign country
in a diplomatic capacity. ; In that case the
boy is a subject or citizen of the country
the father represents.
NOT PREMIUM COIXg-E. L. k.. City
There la' no premium offered for. a United
States half-dollar of 181? nor for a quarter
of 1819.: The first named may be purchas
ed for from 86 centa to $2 50, and . the lat
ter for from 75 cents to J3. The small sil
ver coin you have is a real of Spain of
The University of New York has received a gift of
$100,000 to erect a colonnade 500 feet long, overlook
ing the Hudson River and fronting the Palisades, to
be known as the Hall of Fame for Great Americans.
The plans call for 150 panels- in the colonnade,
and there is going to be a redhot discussion over the
selection of those who are to hold those places of
honor.
A local physician is. thoroughly convinced that
politics should not enter into the health of our city.
He would confer a lasting favor upon the people of
San Francisco if he would suggest some: method by
which health could' be introduced into politics.
The agreement of the railway companies to stop
rate-cutting may be a good thing, but it should be ac
companied by an agreement on the part of Congress
to give the Interstate Commerce Commission power
to put a stop to rate-raising.
Supervisor Tobin has evidently learned the gam
bler's trick of forcing his game on the other fellow
or refusing to play at all. He seems to think that the
racing, sure-thing schemers are the only blacklegs en
titled to a license. /
There is no evil, h is said, that is not unmixed with
good. Since the lights of. the streets have gone, out
after midnight the. Market Street Railway. Company
is lighting the darkness with its hideous repairing
machines. V
The enthusiastic, public-spirited gentlemen of the
Board of Health ought to interject V little logic into
their extravagant policy and quarantine themselves a 9
a measure of precaution, for the public^ welfare. .
Any excuse will, do forgiving Chinatown a clean
ing, and it would not be bad to give some other parts
of the city a dose of the same treatment.
Perhaps the next big battle will be fought in the
suburbs of; Bloemfontein,; but the probabilities' are ir
will occur at Frankfort, Ky. • ¦/.*-*- V" ; -* : .
The Chinese reformer who is agitating a scheme'to
found a new celestial empire must have . serious de
signs upon his own life,' . ''. • ' \'
Parker's Hair Balsam is the favorit" for
dresplng the hair and renewing its life and color.
Hlndercorns. th*» best cure for corns. IS eta.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
zleeplna; cars via Santa Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany them excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passenrers.
To Clicazo and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office, 6ZS Market street.
"Shakespeare!" said the enthusiast. "He
is indeed the great bard!"
"That's right," said the theater man-
ager. "There is no doubt about his being
great. And there is also, no doubt about
his being barred so long as I am running
a theater for pecuniary purposes."— Wash-
lngton Star.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrheum— Vaudevlll*.
Grand Opera-house — "The Girl From Parts."
Columbia— "Because She loved Him 80."
California—Operatic concert tivniffht.
California— "The Brownies In Fairyland," Thursday after-
n -- r..
Tlvoll— "The Idol's Eye."
Alcazar— "Never Acaln."
Alhsmbra — "Have You Seen Smith."
Chutm. Zoo anj Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
Olyjr.pla. corner of Mason and Eddy rtreets— Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion — Trained Animal Show.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Concert Friday afternoon.
Western Turf Association— Races to-day.
SOME PERTINENT STATISTICS
STATISTICS showing the number of employes
killed or injured in the service of railroad cor
•porations, published" in the annual report of the
Railroad Commissioners, are pertinent to a consid
eration of the so-called "relief" scheme of the South
ern Pacific Company and are a timely contribution
to the discussion of the subject.
The report shows that during the year 1809 there
were 51 employes killed and 529 injured. The' deaths
and injuries are attributed to ''coupling, falling from
trains, overhead obstructions and derailments."
During the previous year the number of such acci
dents was smaller, the report for that year showing
32 employes killed and 373 injured.
.The statistics of the Commissioners are of course
taken from the reports of the railroads and are not
subject to . suspicion of exaggeration. .Most of the
killed and the injured were of course employesof the
Southern Pacific system, for that system controls the
bulk of the railroads in the State. It will be seen,
therefore, that the number of emplbycs killed or in
jured for which the Southern Pacific is responsible is
notably large, and that the company will be doing 1
thrifty work for itself, if it. can get its employes into
the relief scheme- by which they will be made to in
sure the lives and limbs of one another, and thus rid
the corporation of the damages which it is now re
quired to pay under the law. •
Since the intelligence of the employes of the road
detected the trick in the scheme, and their opposition
to it was made manifest, the corporation has devised a
modified plan, which eliminates some of the evils of
the scheme as at first proposed, but it remains es
sentially bad. Huntington's thriftiness was never put
to a much meaner purpose than that of shifting from
a rich corporation upon its employes the burden of
damages for accidents for which the corporation is
itself responsible, and the reports of the Railroad
Commissioners make plain what is evidently one of
the. chief reasons why the scheme was concocted.
*It appears 'that about everything man knows how
to do will be used in the wars of the future, for it is
now 6aid that in addition to bicycle, automobile and
balloon corps, the French are experimenting to see
what advantage could be gained by having a corps of
skilled stilt-walkers. It is believed they can be ef
fective in placing telegraph wires and in fording
streams j:oo deep for men on foot.
There is therefore a fair prospect that we are to have
an end of delays at last.' Still the. Mayor may object
to this as he^has done to the former ordinance on the
subject. If 'that prove to be the case demand
upon him to frame an ordinance of his own will be
imperative. This is one of the instances in which the
public desire for right action cannot be much longer
withstood. •
Collided With Bicyclists.
Martin \ McGuire,' 869 Market street, ah
old man," was crossing, Market and Fourth
streets yesterday morning . when two bi
cyclists knocked him down. He was
taken to ihe Receiving Hospital, where- it
was found that his left side, chest and el
bow, were badly contused.
When there is illness in tha
family there is a stream to cross,
then a tried and true remedy I*
needed; that is not the time to
change a time-honored, thorough-
ly tested preparation for some-
thing new and untried. Stick to
what you KNOW is good.
Scott's Emulsion is well known
throughout the world, has stood
the test of many years; the at-
tacks of imitators and substitutorj
only proclaim its superior merit
If you are losing flesh, are
nervous and run down ; if a cough
has settled on your lungs, SCOTT'S
Emulsion ¦is what you need. I!
you have never taken it, ask any
good doctor about it. At *««,«,, ,».*„
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemist., New Yoffc.
ADVEBTISEKEENTS.
VEXATIOUS DELAYS
ONCE more the Telephone Company has gained
something of a victory over the people.
Another delay has stopped the movement
toward compelling it to * pay a just portion of tax
ation and give a better service to the public. The
Mayor's veto of the ordinance of the late Board of
Supervisors requiring the corporation to make the
switch desired by a patron of the " telephone slot
machines before demanding the deposit of the nickel
in the machine has been sustained, and the .whole is
sue has to be taken up again.
The Mayor's skill in detecting defects in every or
dinance by which it is proposed to tax the telephones
or to protect the'public against its unfair methods of
doing business serves the corporation excellently
well. By his vetoes delay follows" delay, and nothing
is accomplished. These tactics are becoming as vex
atious and intolerable as those by which the Wells-
Fargo Express Company manages, despite the de
cisions of courts against it, to shirk its taxes and'im-^
pose upon its patrons.
Since the Mayor is never satisfied with any tele
phone ordinance devised by the Supervisors, it should
require him to draw up one of his own. It is time
that his position on the issue be defined. If he pur
poses to veto every ordinance that is passed by the
board, while pretending to be in favor of a better or
dinance, it' is dear the corporation will succeed in
escaping taxation indefinitely. .
Supervisor McCarthy has introduced an ordinance
fixing a tax upon telephone slot machines, and it "is
understood it will be taken up. as soon as the ques
tion concerning the official paper is settled. The new
ordinance is based upon one which has proven suc
cessful elsewhere and stood the test of the courts.
Mamma— lf you eat any more of that
pudding. Tommy, you will see the bosla
man to-night.
Tommy (after a moment's thought) —
Well, give me some more. I might as well
settle my mind about the truth of tha
story once for all.— Tit-Bits.
During last year 126 people were killed and 650
were injured by the Southern Pacific Company trains
in this State. There is little wonder that our sol
diers faced the horrors of the firing line in the Phil
ippines with such marked indifference. They were
on familiar terms with death before they left Cali
fornia. .
"Mrs. Winalow's Soothing- Syrup"
Has been used for flfty years by millions of
moth'.rs for their, children while. Teething; .wltS»
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the pirns, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu-
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by drustists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
"VVlnsloWs Soothing; Syrup. 25a a bottle.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lt> atTownsend's.*
Special information supplied daily t,->
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
SACRAMENTO CONGRATULATED.
UPON the victory which has been achieved in the
contest against the gambling fraternity in that
city the people, of Sacramento and their offi
cials are to be congratulated. Mayor . Clark, sup
ported by a resolute public sentiment and ably sec
onded by Chief of Police Sullivan, has apparently
cleared the community of open gambling ' and re
lieved it from a form of temptation that leads to fraud
and crime, and not infrequently to suicide.
When the Mayor began the contest against the gam
blers they were defiant and aggressive, and for a time
they were able to make to any reform legislation an
opposition that seemed strong enough to justify their
boasts of ultimate success. The ordinances, how
ever, were enacted, and then came the appeal to the
courts. The result there has upheld the reformers.
One of the principal owners of a gambling-room in
the city was convicted and sentenced to pay a fine
of $100. That, it seems, has been sufficient to put an
er.d to the struggle. Recent reports from the city are
to the effect that the Chief of Police has reiterated a
determination to enforce the law strictly, firmly and
impartially, and as a consequence the gamblers are
moving out of town and seeking quarters elsewhere.
It is to be noted that the victory for good morals
in Sacramento may entail an increase of gamblers in
other communities, but they have no right to com
plain — the remedy is in their own hands. They have
only to follow the example of Sacramento and the
gamblers will have to leave the State altogether.
Mayor Clark has proven himself the right man in the
right place and at the right time.
HAVOC AND WAR DOGS
I~*HE Examiner is at the expense of sending a
man all the way to British Columbia to inspect
and photograph the yard, docks and fortifica
tions at Esquimalt, and because he was denied admis
sion and refused the right to roam at will among the
j;uns that paper is positive that England is laying in
srr.okeiess powder, guns and things to attack the
United States, and demands that we line with fortifi
cations both sides the Nicaragua canaf in order to
repel the attack! As it is a matter of 4000 miles from
the Straits of San Juan de Fuca to the Pacific end of
the canal, an artillery duel between the two points
would cause but little carnage, unless the Examiner
proposes to shoot by telegraph or the long distance
telephone. That paper's idea of fortifying seems to
be that it is like lawn gardening, for ornament, or a
5 o'clock tea, for refreshment or sociability. If its
man had been invited into the Esquimalt works,
treated to a cold bottle and told to run his head in
the muzzle of a big gun and bring home a tompion
for a keepsake, it would have concluded that all is
well between this country and England, and the guns
are there to use in firing salutes while the band plays
'"God Save the Queen."
England has a citadel at Quebec, one at Gibraltar,
and is making one at Esquimalt. These are the ne
cessities of empire. France had a few citadels also,
which became necessary after Louis XIV ravaged
the Palatinate and nailed the flag of the Bourbons to
territory that carried with it a hostile and indignant
population. But in 1870 the Prussians paid as much
attention to those works as they would to so many
cr.b houses, and the French garrison were pained to
pee the stolid Germans march right past into France
««nd proceed to help themselves to the stuffing of her,
regardless of frontier forts and great guns.
The reasoning by which the Examiner reaches its
conclusion that perfidious Albion intends to bombard
Portland and San Francisco from Esquimalt begins
with refusing it admission to see the guns and works!
Now if the Examiner will send its expert on guns
and Gibraltars up to the Presidio, where our Govern
ment is placing hidden batteries, disappearing guns.
Zalinski's dynamite rifles and azimuth scales for aim
ing them all. he will be as sternly denied admission
and the rijrht to use his kodak as he was at Esqui
malt. Reasoning on the same line and from the
same premise, the Examiner will be forced to the
conclu«ion that it is a naval power of which both
England and America are afraid, and against which
they are building citadels, and buying powder, for
do they not both deny to it the rights of a free com
moner, an amateur photographer and an inventor of
facts?
We have a suggestion to make to the Examiner, in
view of this situation. Let it eliminate England from
the world's politics by refusing to let her name appear
in its news columns, as it does the name of Congress
man de Vries. By the simple use of its disappearing
blue pencil it can make all the works of Esquimalt as
harmless as mud pie. This is its plan of. campaign
with De Vries, and it already gloats over his remains.
If it can wipe him off the slate, it can also in the
same way dispose of its two rivals in the regulation of
ihe world, Great Britain and the United States.
A report from New York announces that Davi<i
Bennett Hill has begun to show signs of political ac
tivity again, but his movement thus far has hardly
amounted to more than a spasmodic wiggle, for the
closest observers of it are in doubt whether he is
headed for the Bryan camp or going the other way.
MAIL STEAMERS
AND TRANSPORTS
IN QUARANTINE
Gaelic Prom the Orient Has
a Suspected Case of
Plague Aboard.
Charles N«lson, From Makaweli, and
Duke of Fife, From Manila, Held
for Inspection — No Chances
Being Taken.
Three steamers were sent into quaran
tine by Dr. Kinyoun yesterday. One of
them was the Occidental and Oriental
Company's steamer Gaelic from the Ori
ent; another was the transport Duke of
Fife from Manila, and the third was the
Bteamer Charles Nelson from Makawell,
11. I. They will be held two or three
days for fumigation and will then be re
leased.
The Gaelic brought up 40 cabin, S second
class, 190 Japanese and I*7 Chinese paa
sengers. Those who are in the cabin are:
H. Arita, Thomas Chapman, Captain J.
McGowan, W. H. Hamilton, Horace In
man, G. Kawata, Mrs. C. Myburgh, Miss
E. J. Newton, General T. Ota, Rev. E. L.
Stevens, W. J. Treat, Colonel Charles H.
Bird, F. Cornehl, Hon. Al Grant. J. Har
wood, H. lkeda, A. Kose, F. J. Mayers.-
E. W. Ogden, Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Perlne
and child, Mrs. M. Stephenson, Mrs. M.
S. Vail and three children, Graißln Cook,
William Friedlander, H. S. Goodfellow,
Charles Homey, R. jurnltschek. Mrs. F.
E. Meigs and two children, it. Mayor,
Mrs. A. Ogden,. Rev.. T. Richard, R. Shar
pies, R. H.- Fisher. •
Soon after Dr. Kinyoun boarded the
Gaelic he found there was a case of 111.
ness aboard. One of the Chinese was very
sick, some of the symptoms - resembling
those of bubonic plague. Some blood was
taken from the Mongolian's veins and this
will be injected into a guinea pig. Should
no evil results: follow the operation the
steamer will be released to-morrow.
Among those in the cabin on the Gaelic
is Colonel' Charles H. Bird, the Inspector
of the transport service. He has been
for several months in Manila and is now
homeward bound via San Francisco. Gen
eral Ota of the Japanese army also came
over on the steamer. He will make a tour
of the United States before going back to
Japan.
Further news of the accident on the
occasion of the German Emperor's birth
day on the United States gunboat Wheel
ing at Hongkong came by the Gaelic. A
gun misfired, and while it was being ex
amined the ammunition exploded and
burst open the break block. Gunner's
Mate Campbell and Wilson were killed
and Lieutenant Commander F. E. Beatty
and Gunners Conroy and Bite seriously
injured. One thousand dollars was con
tributed by British for the relatives of
deceased. .
The Gaelic reports that the battleship
Oregon arrived at Yokohama on Febru
ary 21. The crew is to be given a char.oe
to recuperate, as they have been In.con
stant service in the Philippines for a long
time. Her marines assisted in the defense
of Cavite and her sailors were almost con
stantly engaged on boat details on the
river.
The Gaelic brought up nearly 4000 tons
of cargo. It is composed mainly of rice,
tea, raw silk and matting.
The quarantining of the Charles Nelscn
was a disappointment to her owners' and
agents. She has a large cargo of sugar
which is badly wanted at the refinery.
There has be^n no signs of the plague at
Makawell, but Dr. Kinyoun would not
take any chances, so the steamer had to
go into quarantine. The Nelson brings*
up thirteen cabin passengers. She would
have been here Monday had she not lost n.
blade of her propeller on March 8. It will
probably be Friday before she is" released
from quarantine.
The Duke. of Fife was thirty-five days
from Manila and twenty-three from Naga
saki. She brought two cabin passengers
and the remains of thirty-three soldier*.
She had a clean bill of health from Japan,
but still she has to be fumigated, as the
plague is raging in Japan.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Marion Biggs Jr. of Orovllle is a guest
at the Grand.
M. Bullock, a banker of Eureka, is stay
ing at the Lick.
O. McHenry, banker and capitalist of
Modesto, is at the Occidental.
E. S. Morine, a wealthy mining man of
Irvington; is a guest at the Grand. •
. Cy THulkey, a well known stock raiser
of Napa, is a guest at the Grand.
Judge A. P. Catlln of Sacramento is
among the recent arrivals at the Lick.
Dr. Nat Green of Watsonville is stay
ing at the Grand. He arrived last even
ing. ' •
H. W. Adams, a well-known railroad
man of Los Angeles, is a guest at the
Lick.
O. M. Oliver, a wealthy business man
of Merced, is registered for a short stay
at the Lick. . . ¦'
Colonel J. A. Hardln, a Nevada cattle
king, is at the Palace, accompanied by
his wife and daughter.
Dr. F. • Nadeau, a prominent physician
of Seattle, is at the Occidental, accom
panied by his wife and daughter.
Cy H. Boynton. a member of the State
Legislature, is registered at the Grand,
where he arrived yesterday from his home
In Ferndale.
Mr, and Mrs. F. Mansfield and Mr. and
Mrß. S. Qullhot are at the Palace, where
they arrived yesterday, registering from
Amsterdam.
J. F. Lawless, auditor of the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company, ar
rived in this city from Seattle yesterday,
and is staying at the Palace.
Major Jose Ramon Pico has returned
from the southern part of the State and
is stopping at the Commercial Hotel. The
major is busy with affairs connected with
the saitlement of the family estate.
Leon Guislain, the Belgian Consul to this
city, has left on a vacation trip which will
carry him to th» East and Europe. He
expects to remain away for about six
months. ~
Mr. and Mrs. '.Price Cross of Dallas,
Texas, aie here on a visit to Dr. Cross
of 1132 Pine street. They will tour Cali
fornia before returning to their home in
the South.
Joseph "Wood, third vice-president of the
Pennsylvania Railroad, arrived from Mon
terey yesterday, and is now at the Palace.
Mr. Wood has been visiting the southern
part of the State on pleasure, and is how
on his way to his home in Pittsburg.
Fred H. Greely,. ex-State Senator from
Yuba and Butter counties, is visiting thii
city. Senator Greely has just passed a
successful examination before the Su
preme Court Commissioners and expects
to take up -the practice of law soon in
Marysville.
Edward S.- Allen, electrical engineer of
the United States Postofflce Department,
is in the city, accompanied by his wife.
Mr. Allen, who is a brother of Acting
First Assistant Postmaster General
George M. Allen, is here to superintend
the putting in of several new canceling
machines at the different stations of the
city. Mr. Allen is staying at the Occi
dental.
Wrecked Schooner Lila and Mattie Off Tillamook Light.
the time of Charles the Third. Dealers
offer such for 40 cents.
FOR THE PHILIPPINES— A. H.. City.
The troops that sailed on the City of Syd
ney and the City of Peking from San
Francisco, May 25, 1593, were the first to
leave for the Philippine Islands. They did
not go there to fight the Filipinos, but the
Spaniards.
A TOKEN— J. D. D-., Portland. Or. Th«
piece that you have with the words "Llb
'erty and No Slavery" and a portrait* of
•Harriet Beecher-Stowe on one side and
"Union Forever" on the other, with the
date 1563, is one of a number of tokens tor
sued during the war of the Rebellion and
used m place of small change. Such
tokens of different kinds sell for 2 centa
apiece.
POSITIONS IN THE MINT— B., Ban
Jose, Cal. Women are privileged under
the United States Civil Service rales to
take the examination for any position in
the United States Mint which they are
capable of filling. There are three grades
of examination, which include spelling,
arithmetic, letter writing, penmanship,
practical questions relating to specifio
duties of the positions to be filled, copy
ing from plain copy, elements of accounts
and United States money.
DUPLEX TELEGRAPH — Subscriber,
Mariposa, Cal. The fact that two cur
rents may be sent simultaneously (one
from each end) has long been recognized
by electricians, but the principles of the
duplex were revived and patented by
Steams, an American, in 1572. At first,
duplex workings were tried only on short
lines, say forty or sixty miles, but now it
is In daily use on every busy circuit. lons
or short. Duplex led to dlplex— that is,
two messages passing over the same wira
in the same direction at once— and quadru
plex and multiplex telegraphy followed
this.
WAGES-J. L. W., City. The following,
from the codes of this State, Is an answer
to the question "Are the weekly wages of
a married man exempt from attach
ment?": V...
The earnings of the Judgment debtor far Ist*
personal services rendered at any time* within
thirty days next preceding the levy of execu
tion, when It appears by the debtor** affidavit
or otherwise, that such earnings are necessary
for the use of. his family, residing; In thta State,
mipported In whole or In rare by his labor,
are exempt from attachment, but where debts
are Incurred by any nuch person, or hi* wlf»
or family, for the common necessaries of life,
the one-half of auch «arntn.-.» are nevertheless
subject to garnishment or attachment to satisfy
debts so Incurred.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAKGH 14, lyuo.
PRESIDENT WHEELER'S CHANGE.
A FEW months ago President Wheeler of the
University was in harmony With the imperial
ists. Like many others, he is now brought face
to face with the practical questions of government
and policy, which come to the front along with what
was then hypocritically called our providential des
tiny. Large words and allusions to the flag no longer
answer. Reference to the brave sacrifice of our
troops, as endured "in defense of their country," no
longer suffice to describe an errand of invasion and
conquest. The mud and mire into which a foreign
policy fathered by Morgan, Money and other Dem
ocrats and left as a foundling on the Republican door
step has led the country are now impeding us.
The early and timely warnings uttered by Senators
Hoar, Wellington, Hale and Mason are being daily
justified, and men like President Wheeler are im
pressed by the situation and no longer speak in the
color of thoughtless enthusiasm.
In his address to the Monticello Club on Saturday
last he took new ground and higher than before.
It is now seen plainly that we must inflict harm
npon. constitutional government at home, no matter
which way we turn in providing government for our
tropical possessions abroad. If we admit them to
Territorial status they become possible States and
their fifteen or eighteen millions of people become
citizens of the United States. A resident of New
Mexico. Arizona or Oklahoma, passing therefrom to
any State and fulfilling the residence qualification of
its laws, is a citizen,, with a vote and the full stature
of citizenship. How and where can we draw the line
if we have a Porto Rican, Hawaiian and Philippine
Territory?
It is a recognized constitutional principle that Con
gress in governing Territories exercises both Federal
and State power, but in each case its authority is lim
ited by the constitution. That constitution grants
powers to the Federal Government and prohibits
powers to the States. When Congress, therefore, en
ters a Territory it cannot exceed the grant to the
Federal Government nor the prohibition that is upon
the States. In enforcing State authority in a Terri
tory, therefore, Congress cannot deprive any one of
life, liberty or property without due process of law.
nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the
equal protection of the laws.
The Supreme Court of the United States in the
Utah case decided that: "The personal and civil
rights of the inhabitants of the Territories are se
cured to them, as to other citizens, by the principles
of constitutional liberty, which restrain all the agen
cies of government, State and national." The four
teenth amendment to the constitution provides that
all persons born or naturalized in the United States,
and subject to the jurisdiction therepf, are citizens of
the United States.
It is plain that if we accept, the Territorial horn of
the dilemma we are taking in several millions of
tropical citizens of the United States. Can Congress
deny to them free transit and choice of residence any
where in the United States or the elector's right in
any State where they fulfill its law of residence? We
are convinced that to this status the people of this
republic will never consent. They will not- trade their
birthright for the pottage of tropical commerce.
But what follows? Nothing but that straight im
perialism, finely described by President Wheeler as
"a government from without, proceeding according to
lines that take no account of the choice or interests of
those governed."
Of course we may say that while we deny to these
new subjects choice in the manner of their govern
ment we intend to consult their interests, but all stu
dents of history and of civil institutions know that is
meaningless. No government imposed without con
sent of the governed ever considered any interest but
its own.
President Wheeler concludes that: "Spain wrecked
itself by reason of its lust for empire, which domi
nated its entire career and lowered the plane of all
who were subject to it. In that idea of colonial gov
ernment is the lesson of our danger. If any terri
tory shall be attached to this nation according to an
arbitrary bond forced out of the natural course of its
history', that will be imperialism. Its worst form is
that which imposes subjection arbitrarily."
If any one fail to see the rapidly gathering danger
he is blind. Every attempt to legislate discloses it.
Every bill for a law to touch these external posses
sions so far proposed in Congress injures them or us
in a vital spot. What further proof do men need of
the .irreconcilable nature of the issue? Our labor
law« extended to the Territory of Hawaii destroy its
industries. Free trade bestowed upon Porto Rico.
Hawaii and the Philippines destroys our industries.
It is for this reason that The Call has advised that no
legislation be now attempted, but that the subject be
left to the sober second thought of the people, which
we have no doubt will decide that we want no tropi
cal people, either as republican citizens or imperial
subjects.
" Don't swap horses while
S3ng v^^^ggaJUi
WEDNESDAY ;... MARCH 14, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
/dstess Ml Communications to VY. S. LEAXE, Manager
P['JILICATIO\ OFFICE.. Market nnd Third. S. P.
Telephone Slain 180*.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. .. .217 to 221 Stevennon St.
Telephone .Main 1874.
Delivered *»>• Onrrlerm, 15 Centa Per Week.
Slnulc I'opipn, ft (>nl«.
Termn l»> Mnll, J nclnd I fi« Poataflrei
CAII.V CALL, (Inrlndlntr Sunday), one » enr. . ?«!.oo
DAILY CALL (including Stuidnv). y month*. . 3.00
I>\II.V CALL, (inrlndlne Sna<t»<), 3 month*.. l.ftO
DAILY CALL By Mnarle Month «Se
«t\I>AV CALL One Yenr I.RO
UKKKI.V CAIX One Yenr 1.00
All poKtmnKtern mrr authorized to receive
nnbscrf ptionn.
Sample coplen will be forwarded when requested
d.UVUMi OFFICE 1118 nroodway
C. GROnCR KHOCXESS.
Mnnaxrr Foreien Advertl'lnff. Marqnette Build-
Ing', ChlcaKO.
xew Yonic connEspovnnxTi
C. C CAKLTOX Herald Square
XEW TOBK IIIiI'ItKSEVTATIVEi
PERHY LIKE.XS Jit 2O Tribune Uuiliiinc
CHICAGO SEWS STAKDSI
Mirnnnn Honne; P. O. Xew« Co.! Great Xorth
i-rii Hotel; Fremont House; AmUlorliim Hotel.
MSW YOniv XEWS STAXnSi
Waldorf-Antoria Hotel 1 A. Brentano, 31 In lon
s«iu«w: Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX O>. C.) OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
4. F. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BBABCff OFFICES' — .-.27 Monieomery, corner of
Clay, open until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayen.
oiitn until '.n'.M o'clock. 039 McAllister, open
imi! :»::{<» o'clock. 4115 l.arktn, open nnttl
!?:.'£<> o'clock. 1!»41 Minaion, open until 1O
oVlock, 22451 Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until U o'clock. 1000 Valencia, open until 8
o'clock. KKt Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock.
X\V. corner Tvrenty-aecond and Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & Doyle— This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
227 Sixth ureet.
By li. Cohn— This day. at 11 o'clock. Furniture, at 224 Turk
street.
Aurtion— Thursday, March 15, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at 2170
Market Ft reel.
6MECHANICS' PAVILION.
LAST S DATB. LAST 5 DATS.
NORKIS & EOWt'S BIG TRAINED
ANIMAL SHOWS
AX UNPRECEDENTED SUCCESS.
Thousands D*ll*hted «-t Every Performance.
THIS AFTERNOON AT ::30.
TO-NIGHT AT S:l5.
LAST PERFORMANCE BUNDAT.
300-PERFORMING ANIMALS-300
BRING THE CHILDREN.
m^AST . DATB. LAST i DATS.
riUCES-ADULTS. 25c; CHILDREN, lta.
THINK OF IT.
THIRTY GREAT SPECIALTIES.
AND EVERYONE A MARVEU
ALL TO BE SEEN IN \
THE BROWNIES IN FAIHYLAND.
Ccmnwndn* with THURSDAY Afternoon at
Thursday Night. Friday Afternoon. Friday
Night Saturday Afternoon ana
eatuniay Night.
VHSTT Music, BOUTS. Dances^ Fpeclaltles.
PKE the Fairy Garden, the Fairy Ballet, the
Livfni? lii.ses, the Funny Chinamen, the Cake-
walk EallPt, th« WonderfuJ Barge.
Reserved Peata— Night. 25c. 50c, 75c Matl-
nete. 2jC. We-
' Sunday Afternoon, March IS— "PCDD'N-
HEAD WILSON."
AMUSEMENTS.
Brilliant Exercises in
Memory of the Birth
of the Patriot/Rob
ert Emmet.
tion of the one hundred and twenty-second
anniversary of the birth of Ireland's
sweetest martyr. (Applause.) We are here
to show cause and proof of our devotion
to the principles which underlie the great
cause for which he sacrificed a stainless
life. For over a quarter of a century the
Knights of- the Red Branch have faith
fully and with increased fervor observed
this day as one holy, full of beautiful
recollections and abundant of exemplars
of high national endeavor and lofty pa
triotism in the cause of Irish freedom—
(Applause)— as a day upon which, through
the influence of native songs and soliJ elo
quence, we love to hold converse with the
spirit of our illustrous dead and teaching
through this communion new hope and
courage for the future.
Day We Love to Honor.
"For thirty years the Knights of the
Red Branch have existed in this city as an
arm of a body forty thousand strong
throughout the nation. It Is an organiza
tion non-sectarian In character. It is not
a beneficiary society. Through It no selfish
Interests can be served. It stands alone
for the recognition of Irish nationality.
(Applause.) It stands for rebellion against
all alien rule in Ireland; It stands for the
right of Irish men, and Irish men alone,
to govern the land of their nativity."
(Applause.) ... ,
At the conclusion of his remarks a very
creditable programme of song, in which
M. Merigan. W. H. Ogilvle." Miss Kathe
rlne Black. Robert Lloyd and Miss Daisy
V. Keane took part, was rendered. .
Father Yorke was then Introduced and
a storm of applause greeted him. Time
after time he sought to speak but the
cheers of hundreds upon hundreds of peo
ple drowned his voice. At last silence was
restored and he began his address. He
spoke in part as follows:
Emmet's Grand Patriotism.
"As the chairman so eloquently said,
year after year the Knights of the Red
branch and their friends In the city of
San Francisco meet together to commem
orate tho name of a man who died a
felon's death, whose grave is marked by
no epitaph, whose years seemed cut short
too soon. A young man barely 24 years of
age who had just come into a fortune,
•who was betrothed to one who inspired
poets to some of their sweetest music,
suddenly gives it all up In exchange for
what the wise men of that day and the
wise men of this day. for the generations
do not change much would call empti
ness and folly. Yet it is a very strange
thing that of all those who then pitied
him, that of those who sat in Judgment
upon him, there is not an enemy re
maining; there is not one celebrated or
this day celebrated, unless it is old Nor
berry."
The mention of his name brought forth
hisses and above this sound of disappro
bation Father. Torke's voice was heard
saying that Norberry was celebrated in
just the same way as Pontius Pilate is
celebrated in the Apostles' Creed. Con
tinuing he said: ¦
"Even his very friends despaired of him,
for Emmet had friends. You heard that
sad and beautiful song sung this evening
—'Breathe not his name; let It sleep
In the shade where cold and unknown
his relics are laid.' This was the best
that could be said of him by his best
friends and yet, ladies and gentlemen, we
have this melancholy motto, yet we do
not seem to be afraid to breathe his
name, and we don't find that 1 name sleep-
Ing In the shade; rather the name of
Robert Emmet has become to generations
as bright as when the Creator said in the
beginning, 'Let there be light,' and there
was light. (Applause). It has risen from
shade and gone out to the world to be
to the Irish people not only at home but
abroad as the pillar of fire that led an
other people out of a ' house of bondage
into the promised land and our people
from the long centuries of oppression to
the enjoyment of their own freedom. The
reason, ladies and gentlemen, why Robert
Emmet has not become a mere intrusion
in' some of Moore's poems has been that
it stood for a principle. Nothing in the
world seems so weak as principle, yet
there is nothing really so strong. Prin
ciple to-day Is the spirit of the men of
policy. It is not the spirit of the men
who believe in selling to-morrow for the
benefit of to-day, but a principle is. that
which wins in the 'long run.* (Applause).
Stability of Principle.
"There are men who have no time to
wait. Where are the men of policy of
yesterday and the day before? Sometimes
as you pass along your Btreets you will
notice on a deserted barn or broken-down
fence a weather-atalned banner inviting
you to vote for somebody who was great
in his day. (Laughter.) To-day nothing
remains of It but something that is food
for the mockery of the small boy and
food lor the goats. (Laughter.) Some of
them have periehed by policy, others have
been ruined by success. (Applause.)
"Principle, ladies and gentlemen, is the
vindication of truth and manhood. There
has not been created on this earth any
thing more honorable than ,a man. God
haa made him the head of. his creation,
and when his Son came to be united with
this creation of his, he came not in the
guise of an angel, but he came - in the
guise of humanity. The dignity of a man
does not consist of fine raiment, wealth,
station in life; it consists in the dignity
of the soul; it consists In this that we are
able to call it our own. (Applause^) •
"Now each soul is different. God dtd
not create them all alike. We are indi
viduals. Perhaps the very first lesson
that a parent learns when a family be
gins to grow up is that one child is bo
unlike another; that it has its distinct
character and trained in its own way
there Is the • chance thatjt will succeed
where another child might fail. So- you
':¦'. Grand ¦prln* opanlng Thursday. March 15. and
following days. Mrs. & Thomas, 114 Grant are.*
"Jurt line!" cays «v«ry . ¦ lady who t»es
Anyvo Theatrical Cold Cr»ara. Druggists,* '
WEEE^ CALL
Enlarged to 16 Panes. $1 per Year
. Self . respect Is on good terms with the
Old , Government : Whisky. . ,•
Two Insolvents.
Abljah ' C. ¦'" Cook, salesman, San Fran
cisco, filed a petition yesterday in insol
vency in the ' United States District
Court.' His liabilities , amount to $740 and
he has no assets. -
Mrs. - Minnie Thlssell, fruit rrower, 80
lano County, filed a similar petition, with
liabilities stated at H260 20 and no assets.
In the Divorce Court.
Mattle E. Arter.has been granted a di
vorce from Alonzo Arter for wlllfur ne
glect. Judge VBahrs yesterday granted
Aline Kutrner a divorce ¦ from George
Kutzner on the ground of extreme cru
elty. Suits for divorce have been filed by
Harry H. Hollidge against Bertha E hoi
lldge for desertion. Celestine Maxfleld
against George T. Maxfleld for failure to
provide and Julia Gale against William
Gale for failure to provide.
CAUGHT A BURGLAR BY
THROWING VEGETABLES
Thoirias 'Williams, a man whose record
Is believed to be unenviable, was arrested
last night In a house on the corner of
Kearny and Geary by Officers Murphy
and Silver. He owes his capture to tha
clever originality of a woman.
' Williams had let himself into the house
by means of skeleton keys, which the of
ficers found in his sock. He had gained
across to the floor above a Jeweler's store,
when : the landlady became cognizant of
his presence.. Anxious to call assistance
she secured a lot of . vegetables and
kitchen refuse, which she threw down on
the heads of the pedestrians below, suc
ceeding finally in attracting the attention
of the officers, who arrested the intruder
He feigned drunkenness and was locked
up at the California street station.'
•¦« J. O'BRIEN & CO. -
Will Place on Sale THIS DAY
100 dozen SHIRT WAISTS, good value for
$1.75, sale price ... . . ..... •> - . £f.OO
50 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in black
and colored, good value for $15, sale
price. ... - ................ ....... .57.50
50 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in black
and colored, value fof $30, sale price...
.....::...........;............. S/5.06
100 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP KID QLOVES,
good value for $1, sale price. . . . . . . 5Q9
100 Black and Colored FEATHER BOAS, good
value for $20, sale price. .... >5>15.00
J O r BRIJEN & CO.
1 146 Market Street,
GLASS IMBEDDED IN
THE BOY'S BRAIN
Autopsy Surgeon Leland made an ex
amination yesterday of the body of
Charles Leslie Forsyth, the 4-year-old boy
who was struck by a falling conservatory
frame last Monday afternoon in the yard
of his parents' residence at 1 Polk street.
Dr. Leland found Imbedded in the brain
a triangular-shaped piece of window glass
about an inch wide and an inch long.
The accident happened in a strange
manner. On the porch, .twenty- feet above
the yard, Is a glass conservatory. While
the little boy was playing with other boys
of his own age the glass doors of the con
servatory-broke from their fastenings and
fell upon the head of the unfortunate
child. • ¦
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY) MCH. 14.
Parquet. 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c. any part.
SPECIAL FEATURES FOR CHILDREN
THIS AFTERNOON.
MR. and MRS. SYDNEY DREW,
In the ArnuElnc One-act Comedy, "LOVE
WILL FIND A WAY."
HOWARD THURSTO.V; FLATOW and DUNN.
SMEDLEY- SKETCH CLUB.
HAPPY FANNY FIELDS.
IMPERIAL MOORISH ACROBATS.
ANNA WHITNEY: NEWHOUSE and WARD;
THE FRANKS TRIO.
THEATER OF DIONYSUS, ATHENS, RESTORED.
piece and doubtless stamps Aeschylus as
one of the half dozen greatest poets of
the world.
The "Oedipus Tyrannus" of Sophocles
powerfully sets forth the successive steps
by which the prosperous King Oedipus
discovers that he has unwittingly mur
dered hl3 own father and become the
parent of children by his own mother.
; The inevitable way in which "the action
moves straight and undistracted toward
I the catastrophe" doubtless justifies Aris
totle In treating the "Oedipus Tyrannus"
as the type of the highest Greek tragedy.
Antigone, the daughter of this same
Oedipus. Is in Sophocles' hands the most
interesting woman of Greek, literature,
and hence this is the most celebrated
Greek drama. She defies the law of the
land in burying the corpse of her brother
Polynices and suffers martyrdom in con
sequence. It Is impossible to conceive of
loftier language than her defiance of
Creon:
Nor did I deem thy edicts ttronß enough.
That thou. a mortal man, ahouldat OTerpaw
The unwritten laws of God that know not
change.
They are not of to-day nor yesterday.
But live forever.
Of the three great tragic poets Aeschy
lus is the greatest poetic genius. The
legend that the god Dionysus directed
the boy In a vision to devote himself to
tragedy might well have been true. A
very demiurge he Is— elemental, god-in
toxicated, of sublime Imaginative power
creator of the most splendid lyrics. The
masterful self-sufficiency of his Clytem
nestra, the plastic beauty of his Iphi
genia, the sublime unyieldingness of his
Prometheus— these things and many more
place him among ancient poets perhaoa
second only to Homer. •-»•»'
Sophocles had perhaps the happiest lot
among the ancients— health. beauty,
wealth, victory with his first tragedy and
the primacy in letters for all his sixty
years thereafter, such repute for gentle
ness as to make him the idol of the peo
ple and for good Judgment as to induce
the populace to elect him general and
counselor. And so he was the fit expo
nent—artistic and spiritual— of the age of
Aery different from both was Euripides—
the lonely thinker, philosophical radical
Innovator In poetry and music, "prophet
of a cosmopolitan humanity." kinsman of
the troubled spirits of all ages, forerunner
of romantic drama, most appreciative of
feminine worth, realist, and so bringing
his characters down into the everyday at
mosphere, hence charged with replacing
the heroic by the sensational. He is seen
at his best in such plays as "The Bac
chae," "Alcestis" and "Iphigenia in Tau
ris.' Both Aeschylus and Euripides are
nearer to us than Sophocles. The Hebrew
scriptures have -prepared us for Aeschylus,
whom we recognize as akin to Job and
Isaiah: through hia more modern spirit
we can apprehend Euripides most readily
of all. Sophocles is an Athenian of Athe
nians, and fully to appreciate him we
must become in a sense Atticized.
Good translations are Morshead's and
Miss Swanwick's of Aeschylus. Flump
tre's of Aescnylus and Sophocles. Camp
bell's of Sophocles, Way's of Euripides,
and most excellent versions of single play?
misrht be mentioned, c. g.. Browning's
"Alcestis" (Balaustion) and "Hercules
Furens." To be read in connection there
with may be recommended besides tha
histories of Greek literature, chapters In
Jebb's "Classical Greek Poetry." Sy
monds* "Greek Poets." Mahaffy's "Sorjal
Life in Greece," Moulton's "Ancient Clas
sical Drama," etc.
. There were many comedians before Aris
tophanes — Magnes, Crates, Cratinus, Eu
polls and others— but for us comedy means
primarily Aristophanes. He belongs to
the second half of the fifth century, was a
contemporary and cordial hater of Euripi
des and left forty-four comedies, of which
eleven are extant. He represents what la
called old comedy, i. c.. personal and po
litical satire, and was the. great burlesque
critic of Athens. Demagogues like Cleon,
philosophers like Socrates, poets like Eu
ripides were ridiculed and maligned. When
liberty of personal satire was somewhat
curtailed by law, or taste was changing.
Aristophanes tended toward what was
afterward called new comedy, or the com
edy of manners. But the great exporent
In this field was Menander. of whom not
a complete play is extant, though we hay*
adaptations of his comedies In the Latin
of Plautus and Terence. Aristophanes was
and remains doubtless the greatest comic
poet of the world, but the Romans learned
comedy chiefly from Menander. and the
moderns again have learned it especially
from Plautus and Terence, go that the
comedy of the lost Menander has been not
less far reaching in its influence than that
of Aristophanes.
CHARLES FORSTER SMITH.
University of Wisconsin.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION".
¦
Spring Term, 1900.
Mondays —American Political Par
ties.
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons In
French Conversation and Recent Sci
entific Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursdays —
Golden Ages of Literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for CHrls. ,
These courses will continue until
June 7, 1900. Examinations will be
held at their close as a basis for tho
granting of certificates.
and taking its subjects from mythology,
held its place • after tragedy and . comedy
had borrowed most r>f its functions, prob
ably through a sort of religious conserva
tism.
Dramatic representations were not given
at Athens at any and all times, as now
adays, but at the festivals of the god of
wine. Tragedy was admitted to the pub
lic festivals at Athens in 536 B. C, com
edy some seventy years later. The chief
glory of the greater Dlonyala. in the
month Elaphebolion (March-April), was
the new tragedies exhibited. Then Athens
made holiday before her allies, whose
tribute was then brought by representa
tives to Athens, before delegates from all
other Greek cities and before the whole
assembly of her own citizens. At the Le
naea, in Gamelion (January-Februaiy),
which was more of a home festival, com
edy had chief place. At the country
Dionysia, in December, usually only plaj'3
were given which had been already ex
hibited in the city. The great Dion>sia,
like a modern musical festival, lasted only
a few days (three or four), and on each
day regularly three tragedies, one com
edy and one satyr were exhibited, which,
with the dithyramb and other musical
features, made a very full day.
If a poet wished to exhibit at the greater
Dionysia he applied to the chief archon,
if at the Lenaea to the second archon. for
a chorus. If his request was granted
there was assigned him a choregus, who
chose from the singers of hi 3 tribe a
chorus, had these trained by the poet or
Chorus leader and provided for their main
tenance and costumes. This liturgy, as it
was called, was at once a burden and an
honor, ana was often performed v'Jth
gTeat magnificence and expense. The
chorus, consisting In tragedy of twelve
(later fifteen) persons. In comedy of twen
ty-four, executed dance movements
(strophe and antistrophe) as they sans,
and indispensable accompanists were the
flute player and the lyrist. The three act
ors—originally one. Increased by Aeschy
lus to two, by Sophocles to three — dis
tributed all the roles among them, the
parts of women being taken by men. The
actors were allotted to the parts and paid
by the state. In the costumes of tha
tragic actors especially characteristic were
the long, flowing particolored robes, the
high-soled buskin or boot and the impos
ing headdress and mask, the whole being
intended to lend dignity and increase the
stature. For comedy characteristic was
the soccus or low shoe, but the dresa was
more like that of everyday life, rhert
was not much opportunity for action on
the Greek stage, and none for play of fea
ture so that the prime requisite for nn
actor was a fine musical voice. The audi
ence at Athens, numbering 20.000 to 30.000
and sitting in the open air, had sensitive
ears, so that the actor must have a dis
tinct, musical voice, which could carry
far The people, whose feeling for rnyinm
was probably as nice as that of modern
musical audiences for time, would storm
if the meter was spoiled, a quantity
missed, a syllable dropped or an accent
m The a antique Greek theater consisted in
the main of two parts, the auditorium or
theater proper, and the oval or round
orchestra for the evolutions of the;
chorus. As dramatic spectacles were !
given in the open air the Greeks
generally availed themselves of the
fide of a hill so shaped as to con
stitute a sort of natural amphitheater.
At Athens the Theater of Dionysus occu
pied the southeast slope of the Acropolis,
where the spectators sat with their backs
to the Acropolis and their faces toward
Mount Hymettus and the Bea. Aisles ra
diating from the center enabled the soec
tators to reach the rows of (marble)
benches. The part reserved for the move
ments of the actors, whether higher than
or on a level with the orchestra, was
email, since the actors were few. The
back of the stage represented in tragedy
a temple or palace: in comedy a private
house or a street. The scenery was sim
ple, consisting of; hangings, or painted
woodwork. and- triangular revolving
prisms at either Bide, properly-decorated.
'Facilitated change of scene. The curtain
was pulled up. not let down. The sub
jects of tragedy were taken from mytnol
ojrv or mythical history, and the persons
were the gods or demigods and heroes of
the race, the main outlines of the story
being always known to the audience.
Tragedy was really a religious celebra
tion" Comedy, on the other hand, repre
sented not the solemn but the frolicsome
spirit of the season, and the subjects and
characters were taken from daily life, as
was the language used. ...
In marked contrast with Athenian late
ness of development in general was the
sudden growth of the" drama. li^the
early part of the fifth century coincided
an era of great natural activity and a
er»at national ludlence that was the neir
of all the acotilrements of tbe ract. We
know the names.- but little more, of sev
eral of the earlier dramatlsta-Phrynl
chus, Choerilus. Pratinas.Thespis— but the
real father and founder of tragedy was
Aeschylus, who wan born In 620 B. C..,-\no
fought In the Persian wars. In 47.1. after
the battle of Plataea/ Athens, which had
borne th"» brunt of the war. was in ruins,
her walla- and temples -dismantled and
her 'territory laid waste. Just fifty years
later Pericles-died. In that short period
Athens had become the art center of the
ancient world, tragedy ¦ had culminated
and was already showing signs of decay,
and comedy had reached its acme under
Aristophanes.-. In English literature there
-is almost a perfect parallel In the soeedy
and Bplendld development of the drama
'from Marlowe to Shakespeare.
In Greek trag-edv there are but two su
premely great names beside* Aeschylus— >
f. c., Sopnoclfs and Euripides. Aeschylus
Is said to have written 90 plays, Sophocles
113, Euripides 92. . Of these . have come
down to us from Aeschylus and Sopho-
Every Night Except Sunday. Matinee Saturday.
CHARLES FROHMAN
Presents WILLIAM GILLETTE'S GREATEST
COMEDY TRIUMPH.
BECAUSE ibe
SHE LIHLE
,";„„ MINISTER
LOVED of
HIM SO FARCE
With J. E. DODSON and the
BAME GREAT CAST.
As seen for over 150 nights at the Madlson-
equare Theater, New York.
A3TUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA^THEATER.
TO-NIGHT AT 8:15,
Under the Direction ot&Ii. Graff.
FAREWELL
CONCERT,
GALA PROGRAMME.
MME. GADSKI— PrIma Dorm*.
MR. DAVID BlEPHAM— Barytone.
UR. WALTER DAMROSCH— MusicaI Director.
Programme— l. Aria, (a) "Non pin Andral"
("Marriage cf Figaro"). Mozart; fb) "Crea-
tion' ¦ Hymn." B«>ethoven.
MR. BISPHAM.
2. Aria. Asathe. "Freischutz" Weber
MME. GADSKL
S. Ronr«. (a) "The Ball iff s Daughter of
l*llr.rton." <b) "Drlnlc to Me Only With Thine
Eyes," (c) "The Pretty Creature." Old English-
MR. BIPPHAM
4. Excerpts from ••Flyimt Dutchman": (a)
spinning chorus and ballad.
MME. GAL'PKI and Chorus.
Cb) Tnift "Flying Dutchman"
MME. GADEKI and MR. BISPHAM.
Part 5—5. Sorura. fa) "Pick Child." fb) "Pua-
<"on Llirht" IMP.. DA"MROFCH): <e> "Aus
Melnen Grr»!»en Srhmerzen." <&) "Llebchen
Ist Da" (Franz); <e> "Pichterllebe," I and II
-Schumann); <f> "Dv Cis-t Die Ruh" (Schu-
bert).
MME. GADPKI
6. Son»f«. 'a) -On the Road to Mandalay."
•with choru*. 'hi 'Dunnr n**?ver" fDamrosch).
MR. PISPHAM
7. Aria. "JJirb Theure Halle " I and II (War-
ner).
MME. GADSKI.
s. Quintet frnm "Meisten-lnper."
MACS. OADSKI. MR. UIhTHAM, MISS
PECKER. MR. WILLIAMS and
MR. BROWN.
R«*»n-pfl Feats— TTiC. JL II 50. J2. V 50. H.
n»-n#»ral » rfn-.(«s!fin, SI
ai Acmiseion
Now on sal* at the Box Ofilce.
begrln to realize that soul differs from soul
as star differs from etar.
"When we begin to discuss education—
what Is a good and what is a bad educa
tion; what is training a man for his
world's work; we come to the conclusion
that we will not make all men alike; that
we will not cast them in the same mold,
but will bring out the good that is in the
character and turn it to its highest pos
sibilities.
"Now, ladles and gentlemen. Just as
each individual Jias its character — differ
ent from the character of every other in
dividual, and just as true education con
sists of developing that character accord
ing to its own necessities— so groups of
men have their characters to be so de
veloped.
"Imperialism. I take It, means that sys
tem of government which extends over a
large area and which tries to make of the
people who live in that area common sub
jects of a common government. Nation
ality, I take it, means that state of things
by which groups of Individuals will be
permitted to retain their ancient charac
teristics, to carry out their own ways and
work out their own salvation according to
the laws by which they have been accus
tomed to move. I believe that that con
uition of humanity is the best where the
largest liberty is allowed to the nation.
Of course^ there are objections to this
state of affairs just as there are objections
to political liberty.
"You cannot break down this spirit of
nationality. You may put the whole na
tion into barracks, you may do your best
to mold it into some people, but the soul
that is in nations is immortal. It cannot
be killed; it will survive, it will assert it
pelf, and nations will live when imperial
ism is In the grave, a rotten corpse."
(Applause.)
"Isow, these are mere first principles of
free government. In the beginning and
even now one man has no power over the
other. We are all free and equal. We
remain so to the end. Why should John
Smith have more power over Thomas
Robinson? You cannot find any reason
ror it. The only power given is in such
measure as is necessary for carrying on
the affairs of the state. The les3 power
we have and the less government we have
so much the better for the country. I
suppose you all know that some 300 years
ago kings had a right from God to rule
the earth— the divine right of God to gov
ern-and it is this theory that the Kaiser
has not altogether forgotten.
No Right to Shoot Down the Boers.
It was called and Is now called the
wm? 6 rlght of Kln es. but that has been
obliterated; it has been cast away in the
old lumber rooms and in its place is the
worse heresy of the divine right of races.
The divine right of races has not given
one race the power to laud it over another.
Last of all, it has not been given to that
mongrel, which we call the Anglo-Saxon,
the right to do so. It has given them no
right to shoot down the Boers in South
Africa. (Applause.) And we have no
right to murder the Filipinos. (Applause.)
That is the reason why we sympathize
and the vast majority of the people sym
pathize with that wonderous and glorious
band in South Africa, which makes this
nineteenth century feel that the days of
chivalry have not passed; that these peo
ple in the desert, fighting with their
backs to their walls, are fighting against
the biggest brutalist and bloodiest bully
that ever walked. (Tremendous applause.)
"The Anglo-Saxons have a number of
arguments to prove their right to their
conduct in South Africa. They claim that
the Boers are impervious to Anglo-Saxon
good government; that they are hostile
to religious liberty. The blessed British
Government which looks upon the Jesuits
in Ireland as felons, shuts Catholics out
of the hio-hest positions In its gift, is high
ly scandalized because the Boers do not
permit religious liberty; that they will not
permit the Catholics to vote. I do not
enter upon this question from the stand
point of facts. I do not know how things
stand in South Africa, but it may be that
the Boers did take lessons from the Brit
ish and did cast off the Catholics.
"Catholics are a far-seeing people and
they know that liberty will correct its own
mistakes, and they believe with John Car
roll and the other leaders of the Catho
lics here that there is a far better chance
of their getting their rights by throwing
In their lot with their fellow-citizens and
trust to a free government, a government
of the. people, by the people and for the
people, than to trust the Government of
England beyond the seas. And I say here
now that it is far better for the Catholics
of the Transvaal to stand by their fellow
citizens, even though they are not allowed
a franchise, because their blood will plead
eloquently, and in the end freedom will
correct one excess, and it Is better to be
Outlanders In the Transvaal under a free
government than helots under England's
heel." (Applause.)
Father Yorke Honored.
Rev, Father Peter C. Yorke hag re
ceived an invitation from Archbishop
Christie of Oregon to preach the St. Pat
rick's Day oration in the cathedral at
Portland. This unusual and unexpected
honor which has been conferred upon the
brilliant clergyman will give gratification
to his friends. Father Yorke has accept
ed the invitation and will leave at once
for Portland.
THE Knights of the Red Branch of
this city have held many celebra
tions In honor of the birth of Robert
Emmet, but never before in their
history perhaps have they held one
which possessed such marked significance
as that which was given last night In Met
ropolitan Hall. These celebrations have
been made a plea for Irish nationality, but
last,, night the plea was more eloquent,
more stirring, more logical than ever be
fore and with It was involved an able dis
cussion of eventß that are holding the at
tention of the world. The orator of the
evening was the Rev. Father Peter C.
Yorke and he spoke to an audience that
crowded the hail from the stage to the
ceiling, filling every seat, crowding the
aisles, thronging the corridors and tres
passing even upon the stairs. In the au
dience were men prominent in the affairs
of the city— lawyers. Judges, merchants
and mechanics. And as the orator pro
gressed, now sparkling with wit and
sallies of humor, now pleading in pathos
for the causes he espoused, the great
throng interrupted time after time in ap
plause. The address was brilliant.
In opening, Father Yorke paid a splen
did tribute to Robert Emmet, and from
the patriotic lessons of the Irish hero's
life drew a warning against what he be
lieves to be the menace of the policy of
the United States and of England toward
the Filipinos and the Boers. The fearful
heresy of the divine right of kings, he
believes, has given place to the immeasur
ably worse heresy of the divine right of
races, and England and America are act
ing the roles of bloody oppressors by In
vading the lands and homes of people
who have a God-given right of national
ity. Under the pretense of planting in
these lands the Hag of freedom England
and America, he said, are making Cnrts
tfans at the point or the sword and driv
ing into blood-stained fields the flag or
trade. ' . ,
Our Hands Are Stained.
England has no more right, the speaker
said, to kill the Boers than we have to
murder the Filipinos, and the reason that
we cannot answer the cry of agony. that
comes from South Africa is the reason
that Cain gave for his refusal to. answer
for his brother— our own hands are
stained with blood. While the address of
the reverend gentleman was brilliant in
its arts of the orator, it was logical to the
severest degree In its exposition of the
principles that establish the right of peo
ples to their own national life. As the in
dividual possesses the inalienable right to
individuality, so the nation has the right
of nationality. Not imperialism but na
tionality is the purpose of human govern
ment.
The worst government a people can give
itself, he said, Is infinitely better than the
best government a foreign power can give
it, and nations will live and thrive when
imperialism is in the grave, a rotting
corpse. To the Boers the speaker paid
the highest tribute. They are offering, he
declared, the grandest spectacle of the
nineteenth century. They are pledging
everything on earth to win the right to
live out their national life to its destiny.
They are proving to the world that the
age of chivalry and manhood has not
passed and the world Is looking idly on
while the biggest, brutalest, bloodiest bul
ly that stalks the earth is crushing tbe
very life out of a little people.
Irish Sympathy for the Boers.
And there is between the Irish and the
Boers, he said, a bond of natural sym
pathy. The Irish have struggled for cen
turies to retain their nationality, to which
by the position of their island, their
blood, civilization and ability to govern
themselves they have a right. They have
liberty in their blood, yet if they would
be free they must fight for their freedom.
If a nation wants to be independent, the
speaker said, it must fight for its indepen
dence. If Ireland wants to be free she
can secure her freedom by force of arms.
England, he said. Is shouting that the
Boers violated treaties, hut England never
kept a treaty that she could break and if
the wise men of America believe that she
will honor one now in connection with the
Nicaraguan canal they will learn their
terrible mistake. They will find that the
only treaty seal which England will re
spect is that' which America will press
upon her by cannon of the latest make.
And to those that urge the civilization of
the Anglo-Saxon as the vindication of
English policy the reverend gentleman
had a word to say. He advised them to
take that civilization to the regions where
it was Invented by the Father of Lies.
In this fashion the eloquent speaker
pleaded for the nationality of the Irish,
the Boers and the Filipinos. He denounced
the harlot of imperialism in every land In
which she has found place, and in closing
begged those that love their native land
and the home of their ancestors to be true
to it, faithful to its cause of freedem and
hopeful of its triumph.
A Splendid Celebration.
The celebration as planned by the
Knights of the Red Branch was of excep
tional excellence. The great hall was 1
temple of green and gold, the galleries
and walls hidden in heavy folds of the
brilliant colors. Flags were unfurled from
the chandeliers and the stage was a veri
table bower of green. In the very center,
flashing, trembling and gleaming in tiny
electric lights, was a harp and above it
that oft-repeated promise given in answer
to Emmet's plea that his epitaph be not
written until his country took her place
among the nation*.
Frank T. Shea, as chairman of the even
ing, opened the exercises in a brllllHnt
address. He spoke feelingly of the pa
triotic spirit which has Inspired the Irish
race fora ges and which found such fre
quent and disastrous consequences In the
martyrdom of heroes. In part Mr. Shea
epoke as follows:
"The pleasant duty devolves upon me
this evening to extend to you. on© and
all, a hearty welcome in the name of the
Knights of the Red Branch of San Fran
cisco. We have assembled to participate
in appropriate exercises lh commemora-
He Denounces the Crimes of Imperialism 'and Calls
the War in the Philippines the Murder of a
People Who Have a Right to Liberty.
CLASSIC LITERATURE: THE GREEK DRAMA.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
' GOLDEN AGES OF LITERATURE.
VIII. THE GREEK DRAMA.
BY CHARLES FORSTER SMITH. PH. D.
The drama is an original creaturo of
the Greek genius. Here, as in so irany
other forms of literature, the Greeks wer»
without models. According .to Aristotle
the Dorians claimed to have Invented the
drama, the Peloponnesians tragedy, the
Megarians comedy, and the very name
drama, by which the Dorians designated
action, was appealed to in proof.
The Greek drama grew out of the cele
bration of the- adventures and sufferings
of the god of wine, who was regarded as
the representative of the reproductive
powers of nature, his sufferings symboliz
ing the decay and sleep (cold and storms)
of nature In winter, his joys tbe reawak
ening of nature in the spring. Of the three
kinds of drama tragedy was named "goat
song," either because a goat was orlginai
ly the prize given, or, more probably, be
cause the chorus consisted of satyrs dis
guised as goats. Comedy means either
"village song". or more probably sons of
the comus, or revel band. The sacyr
drama, named from its chorus of satyrs
cles only seven each, and from Eurlplflpa
eighteen, the "Agamfinnon" and "Prome
theus" of Aeschylus and the "Antigone"
and "Oedipus Tyrannus" of Sophocles be
longing unquestionably to the greatest
dramas of all time.
In the "Prometheus" the Titan who in
defiance of the tyranny of Zeus has
brought fire to mortals suffers such pun
ishment as only a god could devise or a
demigod endure. Everything la on a co
lossal scale, the other characters being
gods or demigods, the chorus sea nymphs
and the scene the bare cliffs of the Cau
casus Mountains. What means Aeschy
lus found to effect a reconciliation Justi
fying both Prometheus and Zeus we can
only guess, since the other plays of the
trilogy are lost. But Aeschylus' reverent
piety would not have been satisfied with
anything less, and the whole was doubt
less fjuite different from Shelley's mag
nificent treatment of the same problem.
The "Agamemnon." which belongs to
the only extant complete trilogy, deals
with the murder of Agamemnon on hta
return from Troy by hU Queen, Clytem
nestra. The characters are all human,
and the character drawing is clear and
powerful. Clytemnestra outdoes Lady
Macbeth on her own ground, and the
scene in which the captive prophetess
Cassandra goes to her death Is without a
parallel for effectiveness in the Greek
drama. '¦ The whole is a great master-
FATHER YORKE PLEADS
THE CAUSE OF THE BOER
WARNER'S REMEDIES.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDA.Y, MARCH 14, 1900.
The Call's
Home Study Circle
-
Ladies
"I have been a midwife I
¦3 for twenty-five years, and I
during that time 1 have used i
\ . Warner's Safe Cure in cases i
of kidney troubles, diseases 2
of the Pelvic Organs, and |
those peculiar to women. g
I desire to give It my high- R
i c.st endorsement, earned by P?
its superior merits. k
To use it means a cure ¦
without fail, and I have B
never found anything to |
equal it." P
\ Mrs. Fanny Canter. R
Jan. 11. I&OO. f|
Mr*. Pannle Canter, or 434 Warren St.. Brooklyn, N. V. . is a |
graduate Royal School of Nurses, Vienna, Austria; graduate ¦
j Woman's Infirmary and Maternity Home, New York City, *
with diploma. *
- ¦¦¦¦¦liMMiiuM ¦¦ ¦»IHI
CH^^^^^r^^^M £^^Jt^f SS M J
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
MR. C. L. GRAFF Presents
EXPLANATORY RECITALS AT THE PIANO
BY MR. WALTER DAMROSCH on the
WAGNER OPERAS and MUSIC DRAMAS.
Friday. March 16. "PARSIFAL": Saturday,
March 17 "TRISTAN AND ISOLDE." Re-
eerved S^ats— sl 50. General Admisrton— tL
Now on sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
....LAST NIGHTS....
Of Rice's Laughable Musical Comedy,
THE GIRL
FROM PARIS
NEXT WEEK— "THE GRAND DUCHESS."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
PHONE MAIN 532.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra Saturday
Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
PHONE, SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE LAUGHING FARCE COMEDY,
HAVE YOU SEEN SMITH
Introducing; Comedians Who Are Funny.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
MR. HF\*<fOr GLAZIER
And His Excellent Company In a Lavish
Production,
"THREE /V\USK.ETEERS."
Handsome Costumes, a Perfect Presentation in
detail. Direct from New York City.
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
PRICES— Evening. 15c, 25c. tZc, 50c and 75c
Matinee. 15c, 25c, 23c and £oc.
itfi I\p Sj! LI ir
B H w k^riJ Bub B
"HOOT MON, CROWDEO AS USUAL!"
THIS EVENING IS THE
68th PERFORMANCE
Of tb« Great Record-breaking Comic Opera,
The Idol's Eye.
Evealn«« at «. Matinee Saturday at J.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
TELEPHONE— Bush «.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
Th« Greatest Farce Hit Ever
Ma<2« In This City.
Never Again
Chronicle says: " "Never Again' Is a hilari-
ously funny farce— most uproariously lively."
Bulletin: "The smoothest acted and brightest
farce of the season."
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next week, "Diplomacy."
OLYMriA a c o DD H D . r^l-6 H
THE S^ F L^«E A Hl DD T E Yy ILU!
OUHAMA
tt-orld Renowned and the Only Exponent of
Ills Marvelous Art Ever, on the Coasu
BLANCHE LE CLAIRE SLOAN.
trlxeda
The Success cf tbe Beaaon.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FIFTH MEETING. Mch. 12 to 24. Inclusive.
Blx hlgh-cla»8 running race* every week day.
rain or shine, bejclnnlnsr at l:S0 p. m.
Tbe ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trona step directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand stand. Klass-lnclosed, where,
comfortably housed In bad weather, they can
tnloy an unobstructed view of the races. .
Trains leave Third and Townsend Btreets at
9-00, 10:49 and 11:30 a. in. and 12:15. 12:36, 12:00
and 1:25 p. m., returning Immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Beau in. rear cars re-
served for women and their escort*. No t*mok-
ln*. Valencia street, 10 minutes later.
Ean Jose snd Way Stations— Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:45 p. m.
RATES— Pan Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track. 11.25.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
CHUTES AND I ZOO. I 27i«sr
GORDON SISTERS. MAJOR " MITE. LU-
LAINE & DARRELL. IJLACK BARTONS,
BENNETT SISTERS. BOOGS & HAR-
WOOD. HARRY HOWARD, AFRICAN
WAR PICTURES.
AMATEUR NIGHT— THURSDAY.
CAKEWALK CONTEST — BATURDAY
NIGHT.
.- BeaU by Phone, Park 21
2 : if..
7Shipping Intelligence.
and the high price prevailing are the prin
cipal causes of the high export figures.
Bonds continued In good demand and prices
were firmly held. Total eales, par value.
$3 425.000.
United States 2s declined % and the old 4s
>» in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.'
Shares Closing
sold. bid
10.110 Atchlson *o%
47.760 Atchißon preferred 65»%
6,630 Baltimore and Ohio «3S
Canadian Pacific *> ,
Canada Southern — 1 49> t
1.300 Chesapeake & Ohio 2SS
6W Chicago Great Western 13%
10.420 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 124»^
I.^oo Chicago Ind. & Louisville 21%
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 63
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois S6
735 Chicago & Northwestern 162^
1,110 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 108%
200 C C C & St Louis 68*4
1.000 Colorado Southern **»
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43
1,000 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17%
150 Delaware & Hudson 115
Delaware Lack & Western ISO
100 Denver & Rio Grande 19"i
610 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 71 7 »
Erie 12%
200 Erie Ist prefd 37%
250 Great Northern prefd 157%
Hocking Coal 16%
Hockintf Valley 33
Illinois Central -. 113
300 lowa Central 14
100 lowa Central prefd 49
tOO Kan City Pittsbufg & Guif 12
Lake Erie & Western 20%
130 Lake Erie & Western prefd 85
Lake Shore 194
2.000 Louisville 4 Nashville 82
2.415 Manhattan L 95%
3,725 Metropolitan Street Railway 164%
1.300 Mexican Central 12%
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 60%
Minneapolis & St Louis 92
7.20 a Missouri Pacific 4«
100 Mobile 4 Ohio 44
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10%
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd .... 32%
21S New Jersey Central 116
3.6J>8 New York Central «J34T»
3.700 Norfolk & Western 32%
6,450 Norfolk & Western prefd 76V*
2.&3S Northern Pacific 63V*
510 Northern Pacific prefd 74%
2.700 Ontario & Western 23%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Nay pretd 76
4,715 Pennsylvania 135
420 Reading W-i
1,100 Reading Ist prefd 68
100 Reading 2d prefd 29
Rio Grande Western 63%
JOO Rio Grande Western prefd 90
110 St Louis & San Francisco 10%
St Louis &- San Fran Ist prefd 68
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd .... 34%
lflQ St Louis Southwestern 11l
800 St Louis Southwestern prefd 29%
15.655 St Paul 123%
100 Bt Paul prefd 172%
St Paul & Omaha 107>j
11.355 Southern Pacific 38V t
3,200 Southern Railway , 13%
2yj) Southern Railway prefd 6SH
520 Texas & Pacific 16%
13,f.M) Union Pacific 49? i
2,000 Union Pacific prefd 74%
Wabash 6%
800 Waljash prefd 20',»
1.2 M Wheeling &. Lake Erie 10
220 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 27
t'fj Wisconsin Central 17
Express Companies —
....... Adams , 115
American 142
United Mates 45
Wells Fargo 122
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton OH ...'. 33
American Cotton Oil prefd 93%
150 American Malting 5
American Malting prefd 21M
200 Am Smelting &. Refining 3?', i
750 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 91
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
3,880 American Steel Hoop 36
American Steel Hoop prefd 80%
8,376 American Steel & Wire 66%
630 American Steel & Wire prefd 91%
820 American Tin Plate 33
American Tin Plate prefd 80%
«,700 American Topacco I('6*£
American Tobacco prefd 135
3.250 Anaconda Mining Co 49
24,850 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 69%
2.500 Colorado Fuel.& Iron 44%
1,490 Continental Tobacco 29%
1.233 Continental Tobacco prefd 84« i
6,455 Federal Steel 50%
250 Federal Steel prefd 74%
General Electric 125
Glucose Sugar 62
'. Glucose Sugar prefd 88
725 International Paper 18%
410 International Paper prefd 6314
100 Laclede Gas 74%
National Biscuit 35%
National Biscuit prefd 92'
325 National Lead ; 24%
100 National Lead prefd 104%
2.445 National Steel 45%
C2O National Steel prefd 94%
425 New York Air Brake 128%
660 North American 14%
Pacific Coast : 60%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd „ S3
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 69
1.450 Pacific Mall n
24,150 People's Gas S3
Pressed Steel Car J2%
SOO Pressed Steel Car prefd 84%
$24 Pullman Palace Car 153%
170 Standard Rope & Twine 6%
7,775 Sugar vh%
Sugar prefd ...107% '
3,310 Tennessee Coal Se Iron 9444 !
8,941 United States Leather u%
221 United States Leather prefd 72%
1,650 United States Rubber 29%
130 United States Rubber prefd 94%
W0 Western Union J3%
1,030 Republic Iron & Steel 22%
300 Republic Iron it Steel prefd 67
P C C A St Louis II
440.400 Shares sold. ."? -'.*, /-.
BONDS.
U B 2s reg 102 Mo X * Ttnds.... €6%
do 2s reg 111% do 4s 91%
do coup 111% N J Cen gen 65. ...123%
do new 4s reg. ...136% N C 6s J27
do coup 136% N C 4s 1M
do old 4s reg — 117 N Pac 3s 66%
do coup 118 do 4s ..10451
do 6s reg 116% N V Chi & S L 45.108
do coup 116% Nor & W con 4s 95%
Dlst of Co! 3 655. ..119 do gen 6s 130
Atch gen 4s 101% Ore Nay lsts .10*
Atch adj 4s 82S do 4a 102%
Can South 2da Iff'i do short line 6s — 128
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. S7»i do con 5s 114
do Es m»i Reading gen 45.... 85%
CSc NW con 7s 142 R G Wot lsts 97%
do S F deb Ss 121 8L& I M con 65. .111%
Chi Ter 4a 94% 6 L & S F gen 65. .120
D & It G 1at5......103% St Paul con ...168
do 4c 9S'* St P C & P 15U..119%
E Term etc 15t5. ...101% do .',* ...m
Erie ge 4s 714 South Ry Es 110
F W A D C 15t.... 70 . Stan R & T 65.... 74
General Elec I* 116% Term new set 35... 95
Gal H & S A 65... .10? Texas & Pac 15t5. .114
do 2nds 107% do 2nds 69
Hous & T Cen 55. .110% Union" Pae 4s 105%
do con 6s 110 Wabaeh lsts 117'
lowa Cen lsts ;.114 do 2nds 100
Kan C P & G lsts. 71%' West Shore 4s 113%
La n»w con 4s 10« 'Wls Cen lets.. 90%
LAN unl 4s 99 Va Centuries 88%
Col & Sou 4 S3 !Va deferred 9
N V Cen l^ts 110 Sou Pac 4s 83
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar : 22 Ontario g 25
Crown Point IS Ophlr 70
Con Cal & Va 1 43 Plymouth 12
Deadwood CO Quicksilver 160
Gould & Curry 11 Quicksilver prefd.. 7 50
Hale & Norcross... 26!Elerra Nevada. 60
1 Homestake 50 00 1 Standard 2 50
Iron Silver 60 Union Con 19
Mexican 23 Yellow Jacket...... ' 14
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. -
Money— ' (Union Land ....... 2
Call loans 2%©4%|West End 53%
LOCAL MARKETS.
Trading In local securities was lighter on
the morning session and quotations showed no
changes worthy of note.
Changes in the afternoon were lower prices
for Contra Costa Water at $63 7a@64. an ad
vance In Kllauea to $22 and one in Spring
Valley. Water to $99.
The two local oil exchanges have consolidated
as there was not enough business for two.
The new exchange will be known as the Pro
ducers' Oil Exchange.
A remi-annu.il dividend of $1 50 per share
Is now payable by the Anglo-Calif ornta Bank,
limited.
The Bank of British Columbia Is now pay-
Ing a semi-annual dividend at the rate of 5
per cent per annum, carrying forward £50i0.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
• • TUESDAY. March 13—2 p. m..
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
U 8 "Bond— ... Eqnlt O L Co. 3% 4
4s quar c0up.. 114% — Mutual El Co. 10 —
4s quar reg... — 114% OO L & H..... 47 60
4s quar new. .136 — jPac Gas Imp.. 641-i M%
3s quar c0up. .110% — Pac LCo 44 45
Miscellaneous— S F G & E... 64% —
Cal-st Cab 5».117 — San Francisco. 4% 4%
C C Wat 6a. ..105 — . |Stkn O&ECo 10 —
Ed L & P 69.. 129 — Insurance —
P & OBy 6b. - 115 Flrem's Fund.2M —
Geary-st R 6s. — 95 Bank Stocks—
HC^S 5%5.195 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 69
Doss 1C6% — Bank of Ca1. ..402% —
L A Ry 55.. .105 — Cal SD & T..100 —
L A LCo os.. — — (First Natlonal.2so 305
Do gntd 65.. — — Lon P & A. ..130 —
Do gntd 55..— 103 Merchants' •Ex 14 —
L A & P R 55.102%102% Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Markct-st 65.. 128 — Savings Banks-
Do Ist m 65.H6% — Ger S t L..ISOO —
NCN G R 75.106 — Hum S & L.. — —
NR of Cal 65.113U — Mut Fay Bk.. 45 —
Do 5s 115%116% S F Say U...607% —
NPC R R 65.103% — Say & L So.. 74 7S
Do 5s 1C6U107 Sec Say Bk.. — —
N C R R 55.. 109 — Union T C 0... — —
Oak GL&H 65.11 l — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65. .112 112% California ....119%121%
Oak WCo 55. .105 — Geary-st 60 —
Oceanic S Co— ICSUIOS% Market-st Ry. 62% —
Om C Ry 65..127%12S OS L & H.... — 50
P & O Ry 65.104%103% Presidio 14% —
Pk &O Ry 6«. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65117 — California ....150 160
Sac LG&R ss. 90 — Giant Con Co.. 87% 87%
8F & SJV 58.117 — Vlgortt 2% —
S Rof Cal 6s.HO — Sugar Stocks—
SPof A 65. ..11 l — Hana S P Co— 8% S%
SPC 6a (1905) — — Haw C&S Co 88% —
Do (1906) ....112 113 Honokaa S Co 32 32%
Do (1912) .... — — Hutch S P Co. 26% —
Do Ist eg as. — — Kllauea S Co. 21?^ 22%
S P Br 6s 127 128% Makawell SCo 48% 49
S V Water 65.11375H4 Onomea S Co. 29 —
*Do4s 104 — Paauhau S Co 29% 30
S V W45(3dm)102% — Miscellaneous —
Stktn Gas 65. .100 — Al Pack Assn.ll9 —
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit AsenlOO —
Contra Costa.. 63 64 Mer Ex Asun. 99% —
Marln County. — — Oceanic S Co. — 97
Spring Valley.. 95% 99 Pac A F A... 2 —
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.147% — I
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P.. — 4%
Morning Session.
20 Contra Costa Water ••••••••••••.«.... 65 00
SO Equitable Gas 3 75
«. 50 Giant Powder Con g7 75
50 Giant Powder Con 83 00
85 Hana Plantation Co 3 62%
¦ 115 Honokaa Sugar Co 32 25'
15 Hutchnlson S P Co 27 124
65 Makawelt Sugar Co 4$ ;o
60 Market Street Railway «2 50
25 Mutual Electric Light 12 00
15 Mutual Electric Light n 50
200 Paauhau S P Co ? 29 75
80 Pacific Gas Imp 54 50
125 8 F Gas & Electric Co 54 60
Street— ¦
10 Giant Powder Con n 50
105 Hana Plantation Co g 75
$5000 Los Angeles Railway 55.... .105 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Contra Costa Water 43 73 .
60 Contra Costa Water ..". (4 00
50 Contra Costa Water $3 5714
135 Giant Powder Con 87 75
60'Hana Plantation Co g {2%
15 Hana Plantation Co s 50
15 Hutchlnson S P Co.' J6 51714
100 Kllauea S P Co ..:... 22 00
240 Makawell Sugar Co. .; ....;. 4<t 50
60 Mutual Electric Light 1025
30 Pacific Gas Imp 54 25'
110 S F. Gas & Electric Co 54 50
455 S F Gaslight ....450
$2000 8 P of Cal 6s (1905)...:. 11150
1 Spring Valley Water 99 oq ¦
10 Spring Valley Water 98 75
14000 Spring Valley Water 65...... 113 g7%s
j J Street—
60 Hana Plantation Co jnu
25 Kllauea S P Co 21 73
; -r> CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. ¦ 1
Board—
150 Barker Ranch :..'....... 1 15
200 Anaconda - 50
100 Yukon : 153
Afternoon Session.
' Board— - •
800 Anaconda ¦ 50
iV. .-/PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE..
• • . Morning Session.
Board—
100 Buckhorn V". no
300 Home Oil 355
MINING SHARES.
Following wersithe sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
V .".'.Morning Session.
1000 Alta 06 100 Mexican .. 23
100 Andes 11 200 Ophlr ......... * a>
200 Caledonia !M 200 Savage ....;...". 14
. 200 Chollar 25 500 Seg Belcher. .. J ¦04
100 Crown Point... 14 1000 Yellow Jacket.. 16
Afternoon | Session.
600 Andes 12 500 Mexican ..„.-" 26
100 Caledonia 97 500 Ophlr ... - 79*
200 Chollar 25 100 Savage . "la
400 Con Cal & Va..l 55 600 Sierra Nevada." 55
200 Crown Point... 14 500 Yellow Jacket. U
300 Hale 4 Norc... 30 . .
Steamer Movements.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Less activity in local securities. ¦ r
Silver a fraction off. Exchange as before.
Wheat and Wheat freights dull and unchanged.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye inactive.
Hay and Bran in lighter supply, but unchanged.
Beans and Seeds continue dull.
Potatoes and Onions about the same. \
Eggs excited and still higher.
Butter firm at a further improvement. Cheese weak.
Poultry in good demand and firm. Gam* steady.
Oranges in liberal supply. Lemons cleaning up.
Dried Fruit very dull.
Provisions inactive, with some cJtanges.
Hides demoralized and still lower.
Wool and Hops neglected and nominal.
Meat market unchanged and amply stocked.
Nothing new in Oils.
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®7 25; In sacks. $5 75®
7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay. and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay and Bran are lighter again,
but neither market shows any change.
¦ BRAN-$12@13 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17@20 per ton.
*• FEE DSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15©17 per
ton ;- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing,
$27 o0@28; Cocoanut* Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal,
$23©23 60; Cracked Corn. $23 50024; Mixed Feed.
$15 50; Cottonseed Meal, $23 per ton.
„« AY— Wheat, $7ff9 for common to good;
$9 60 for choice and occasionally $10: Wheat
and Oat, $6 50®9; Oat. $6©B; Barley. $5@7; Al
falfa, $6®7 60 per ton.
STRAW— 2S®3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Previous quotations rule for all descriptions,
with very little demand.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 30@3 40; small White. $3 15
®3 25: large White, $2 90@3 10; Pinks. $2 50®
2 85; Reds, nominal: Blackeye. $4 Ss®4 65; But
ters, nominal; Lima. $5 15®5 25; Pea, $3 20®
3 40: Red Kidneys, $3 60®4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4%@4%c; Flax. $1 90® 2 20; Canary,
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9@loc; Rape, 2%©3 c; Hemp, 4®4%0;
Timothy, 4@ v 4%c. .
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, »1 Bo®l 90; Green. » 73
02 60 per ctl. ¦¦ , ¦- -,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Po^sjgys and Onions remain about tha same.'
Eupplfijs of both are sufficient., Vegetables show
little change. " - ¦-. ¦ - . '
Receipts were 1249 boxes Asparagus, 865 boxes
Rhubarb and 271 sacks Peas. .*
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 75©S5c; River Reds.
75{J80c; Burbanks, 50@90c: per sack; Oregon
Burbanks, 75c@$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, $2 60@2 75
for Merced; New Potatoes, 3®3%c:
ONlONS— Oregons, $1 75@2 15 per ctl; Ne
vadas, $2@2 25. .
VEGETABLES-^Rhubarb. 6Sc®sl 25 per box:
Asparagus, $I@l 25 per box for No. 3 and $1 50
©2 for No. 1 and $2 25 for fancy large; Green
Peas, iui^4c per lb; String Beans. 6®loc: Cab
bage, 40@50e; L-s Angeles Tomatoes, $I@l 50;
Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 10c; Dried Okra,
12MiC per lb; Garlic, 2%@3%c: Green Peppers
from Los Angeles, : Dried Peppers, 8@10c;
Carrots, 25®35c per sack; Los Angeles Summer
Squash, per box; Marrowfat' Squash, nom
inal.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry continues to bring tha good prices
without difficulty, supplies being moderate and
the demand good. , There is little change in
Game from day to day. .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l2o for Gobblers
and ll@l2c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $2® 2 25;
Goslings, $2 60@3; Ducks, $4@5 for old and $4©5
for young; Hens, $4 50@6; Young Roosters. $6
«T7: Old Roosters, $4 50®5: Fryers, $6; Broilers,
ts@s 50 for large and $3 50@4 60 for small; Pig
eons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 25@2 10
for Squabs.
GAME — Hare. $I@l 25; Rabbits. $1 25@1 50;
Gray Geese, $3; White, $I®l 25: Brant. $1 50®
2 50; ¦ Honkers, $4 per dozen; English Snipe,
$2 500-3; Jack Snipe. $1 50.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese.
There Is considerable excitement In Eggs and
they are still higher. It appears that parties
who went up to Petaluma some time aeo and
offered to pay le over top quotations for a year
are now having the market run up on them
by others, co a good-sized squeeze Is in prog
ress. The squeezers are materially assisted by
a gbod demand for the north and for cold stor
age, else they might not be able to push priceb
up with such ease. It is reported that some
dealers threaten to raise the market to 20c
Butter continues to advance slowly and Is
firm. Cheese continues weak.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 21@23c; seconds,
20c.
Dairy— Fancy, 19®20c:'good to choice, 17%®
18% c: common, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, B®B%c: old, 7%c;
Young America, 9@10o; Eastern, 15@16c; West
ern, 13%® 15c per 4b.
EGGS— Quoted at 13®140 for store and 15®18o
per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges are in good supply and quiet, though
the large sizes are firm. | Lemons are cleaning
up better than for some time. Fresh Limes
are Just at hand. But few Apples are seen
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—6O®7Sc per box for common. $1®
1 50 for good to choice and $1 75^2 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50@2 75
per box; Seedlings, 75c@$l 60; Pomelos. 75c@
J2 60; Lemons. $I@l 50 for common and $2{?2 50
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5 50<36:
California Limes, 60tf75c; Bananas, $1 25®2 CO
per bunch; Pineapples, $3 &OQ4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins. :
The market continues dead. Ther* is no
especial demand for any description. Esti
mates of the amount of Prunes remaining dri
the coast vary from 350 to 600 cars— rather wide
guessing.
¦ DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4(34%c for
40-50's, 3@3%c_for 60-60's. 3@3%0 for 60-70's.
BUo for 70-SO's, 3c for 80-90's and 2%c for 90
100's; Apricots, 1*312% c for Royals. 12%@150
for Moorparke and 12@13%c for Blenheims;
Peaches, 6%@60 for Standards, 6%g'6%c ¦ for
choloe and 7@Bo for fancy: Peeled Peaches. 10®
12% c; Evaporated Apples, 6®7c; Sun-dried, E@
£%c per lb; Nectarines. 8@»c: Pears, 3%(S~4Hc
for dark and 7«?Sc for bright halves: Black
Figs. 2#2%c; White Figs, 2®3c; Bleached
Plums, S0»c: unbleached Plums. 7@7%0 for
pitted and l%c for unpltted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's — Fancy per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's,' per lb, 6a Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice, 7%c; standard. 6%c;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas, 6c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, sc: 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 6%c;
3-crown, 6(ic; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. $1 60 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 60; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
¦ NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@9o; Walnuts, B®9o for
standards and 9@loc for softshells; Almonds,
11%@12e for paper shell, 9®loc for soft and 4®
5c for hard shell; Peanuts, 5%®6%c for Eastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts. 7%@Bc; Fil
berts, 12®12%c; Pecans, H@i3c: Cocoanuts.
$4 6005.
HONEY— Comb, 11%@12c for bright and 10%®
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7%c: light amber extracted, 7%@7%c; dark.
6%(ff6c per Ib. ' _ :
BEESWAX— 24S26c per lb.
Provisions.
Some changes will be seen. Hams, Bacon and
Lard are weak and dealers are still cutting.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%e per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10% c for light, 12c
for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13c: California Hams,
nominal; Mess Beef, $12 50 per bbl; extra Mess,
$13; Family, $14: extra Prime Pork, $14 50; extra
clear, $16 50; Mess, $15 SO; Smoked Beef, 12% c
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%@7o'per lb for
compound and 7%c for pure; half barrels, pure.
8c: 10-lb tins. B%c: 5-lb tins, B%c. .
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%®8%c per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9%c. ¦-.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The Hlda market Is In a bad way. Another
declina is announced, and still the goods do not
sell, and stocks are accumulating.
There is nothing doing in Hops and tha quo
tations are nominal.
Wool is neglected and nominal. Quotations
for tha spring clip hava not yet been estab
lished. Holders in tha country are asking as
much for. their Wool as It Is worth In the East,
and that market has recently ' declined.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers
10%o; medium, 9%0: light. 9%c; Cowhides, 9%c;
Stags, 7c: Salted Kip, 9%c; Calf, 9%@l0o; Dry
Hides, sound, 18c; culls and brands. ISc; Dry
Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins,
yearlings, 15@S0c- each; short Wool. 35@60c
each; medium, 70@90c: long Wool, $l@i 25
each; Horse Hides, $2 25@2 75 for large and 75c
@$1 75 for small ; Colts, • 60c. .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5®5%c per lb; No.
2, 4@4%c; refined, 6%c; grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL— '
Fall clip, San Joaquln plains, 3® 10c: South
ern. -8@10c: Middle County, UJJI3C; Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 175120 c: Eastern Oregon, IS®
16c; Valley Oregon.. lS@2oc: Northern Mountain,
free, UlffMc; Northern Mountain, defective, 10®
lie per lb. " •..¦¦?,,
HOPS— 6%@loc , per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market
The tendency In -Hogs Is downward. There
Is no scarcity now/;. Other descriptions remain
as previously quoted./ Veal. and Mutton are
firm.' ' ¦ "¦¦•"••
BEEF— 6%@7c per lb for fair to choice.
: VEAL— 7®9c per lb. -
MUTTON— Wethers. B@B%c; *wes. 7%@Jc per
LAMB^Spring, 10@12c per lb. '
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%@6c for small and mt
dlum and 5%@5?i0 for. large; .stock Hogs and
feeders, \ 6%©5% c :; dressed Hogs, 7@B%c.
General Merchandise.
. BAGS— San ¦ Quentln Bags. $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, ;6%@6%c; Wool. Bags, 28%@32>*c-
Fleece Twine. 7%c. - • - ..' . , ..,". '-
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton,; $8: > Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle
$6 50; Bryant, $6 50: Coos Bay.JS 50; Wallsend'
18; t. Co-operative Wallsend, $S: ? Scotch, v •
Cumberland;, $12 In; bulk- and $13 50 In sacks-
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 'sl3;; CanneV 111
per ton; Coke. ; $15 per ton ' in bulk and ' $17 In
CANNED .VEGETABLES— Peas. $I®l 50; To
matoes, • 75c. - • ¦ • - . ,
¦-¦ CANNED . FRUlTS— Cherries. »2 40@3 for
black - and . white ; Peaches, $1 65® l 90; Pears
II 60@l 80; Apricots. $1 25@1 70;" Plums. $1 20®
COFFEE— Cost* Rlca-rl4»i01«c for prime
Continued on Page Eleven,
Charters.
The Cor.suelo loads merchandise for Mahu
kena.
The J. M. Griffith loads lumber at Port Had
lock for Honolulu, and the Tidal Wave, lum
ber at T^oma for Honolulu.
Fruit and Salmon in London.
The London Grocers' Gazette of February
24, Bays: "California fruits are dull at the
mordent, but with large arrivals both here and
at nSverponl business will t>e more practicable
in a short time. The arrivals are the Sprlngburn
with 67.556 r.ifPj to London, and the Arlsto
:r.one with 51. 405 cases, and the Invercoe with
C 5.4 S 7 cas<»« to Liverpool. The demand con
tinues satisfactory, and prices are firmly main
tained for salmon."
Dried Fruit in New York.
The New York Commercial n«ye:
'•Prurws attract the most attention, and
there are rumors of larg-e sales, with stories
of negotiations pending for still further large
files, but at this writing it has been impossi
ble to obtain jxisitive confirmation of the re
ports. On the «=pot buying is limited to small
nni-'re. rar<-iy above 25-box lots, though occa
sionally M> boxes are taken by one man. The
tc.tal MJji;ly -n the coast is reckoned at per
haps 37a cars, and It is expected that these
will ell rr.ove cut before the new crop comes.
About half a dozen cars have gone to Germany
of late, and there is eaid to be an Increasing
KrfrliFh inquiry.
"Raisins are dull, the present condition of
the market promising little improvement at
present. Foreign goods are held fairly firm,
but improvement is slow.
"Peaches are firm and tending upward, ow
ing partly to .the close control of all available
eurpUfs and the increasing Government de
mand. Spot trading is lipht. but goes on at
lull late prices, with abundant promise of in-
O«Stac4 quotations later.
"Apricots remain firm and steady, with
prlopp tending upward.
"Oth»»r lines showed no particular activity,
but were moving nut with moderate freedom
unier a steady consuming demand."
Weather Report.
<120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO, March 13—6 p.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfall In last twenty-four
Last This Last
ftatlcns— 24 hours, season, season.
Eur. ka 0-00 43.15 . 24.94
lied Bluff 0.00 18.43 13.39
Sacramento 0.00 16.57 7.95
t^an Krancisco 0.00 17.02 5.03
Fresno 0.00 7.02 3.90
Independence 0.00 2.16 1.15
San I.vis Obirpo <>.C 0 14.61 7.15
Log Armeies Trace £.55 2.9$
Fan Diego 0.00 3.12 2.73
V-jir.a 0.00 0.76 IJ4
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
64 degree*; ir.inln-.um. 4f; mean, E6.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure overlies the north
western portion of the country. The pressure
Is unusually high over British Columbia. Al
berta and adjoining States. Unusually warm
•weather prevail* over the Pacific Coast from
the Calif urn ia Stale line northward. At As
toria the temperature is 20 degrees above the
normal. Foggy, cloudy weather prevails over
rear!y all of California, Arizona and Southern
Nevada- The Sierras are cloudcapped very
low.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Portland. 33 miles per hour, from
the northeast: Lander. 3«, northeast.
Very Sight rains are reported In Arizona and
Southeastern California.
Forecast ma<3«- at San Francisco for thirty
hours er.ding midnight, March 14, 1800.
Northern California—Cloudy and unsettled
weather, with heavy fog Wednesday: light
nortneriy wjnoi. ¦ .
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather W«»dnef>day, with heavy fog and po«
elbly fr-prlnkleo of rain; southerly winds In tha
interior, westerly winds on the coast.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday.
Utah— Cloudy, cooler Wednesday.
Arizona— Cloudy, with sprinkles of rain
Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Wednesday, with heavy fog; brisk
westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast O.Ticlal.
Cash quotations- were *.- as --¦ follows: . Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 66@67%c; No, 3
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, March 12.— Th« stock market
to-day showed very plainly the effects of the
reduction of the short Interest which accom
panied yesterday's sharp advance In prices.
While yesterday's covering movement was In
part the cause of the sharp advance it waa
alco the result of substantial buying which
was attributed to larga financial Interests.
This buying was not la evidence to-day. Lon
don also was disposed to take profits on the
news of the arrival of British forces near
Bloemfonteln. But notwithstanding the lack
of aggressive strength in the market the bears
showed therr.e-l-.es timid about making fresh
ventures. There was some pressure against
the list at times, especially Metropolitan,
Sugar. People's Gas, Steel Hoop and the New
York city stocks generally. Missouri Pacific
suffered from disappointment over the showing
made in the annual statement and Rubber was
raided down an extreme 2% points. These
and other declines were larpely recovered be
fore the close and in the final transactions a
marking up of prices showed that 'the
rliorts among the traders were having difficulty
in retting back the stock they had sold earlier
in the day. Offerings of Ftock on all reces
sions were In fact extremely light and there
v Tf points of strength which acted es sus
taining factors for the whole market, notably
Third Avenue, the Atchtaon stocks. New York
Central and Norfolk and Western preferred.
It was t!.u« made manifest that while the
market waits on developments in the money
market for a- rise holders of atocks are not pre
pnred to make concessions to sell. Call money
did not command above 6 per cent and fell
to 3 per cent, but this was probably due to
Ibe cessation of stock market demand as myt-h
uf to any. new supply of funds. The locoes
by the banks to the sub-treasury since last
Friday already foot up $3,2*4,000, which is more
than half the remaining furplus over the legal
requireir.ant held by the banks. It Is evident,
therefor*, that relief from the operation cf
the currency law must come quickly If It Is
to prevent a t>inch In the money market. A
feeling of assurance wa» cautwd by an Inti
mation from Washington that the first pay
ments on account of bond premiums in the re
funding operation will be made from the sub
treasury and not from the Government de
poslte In national banks. The money market
is expected to show relief from this source
more quickly than from the nutting out of new
circulation. A striking feature of the day's
events was the sharp break in sterling ex
r-hange. demand sterling yielding % and cables
% Sn the pound. Considering the advance in
London discounts the selling cf rtocks for Lon
don account here and the reported lartce sub
scriptions in New York to the British loan
the course of sterling was the more remark
able. The explanation may be found In the
etatement of the merchandise exports from
New York frr the we*oc which were valued
at J18.245.999. against $13,670,162 In the preced
ing week and $9,878,229 In the corresponding
period of last year. The movement of cotton
EASTERN MARKETS.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 1} 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight. — ? « »7%
Sterling Cables — * »%
New York Exchange, sight...... — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 20^
Fine Silver, per ounce — '. 69*
Mexican Dollars • **% .49
Wheat and Other Grains.
.i ¦ - — ¦ ¦ •¦ ¦ \
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Ther* Is only on« dis
engaged ship in port, and rates for spot busi
ness are nominal at - about 40s. Last year at
this time the disengaged tonnage amounted to
25,600 tons. The chartered wheat fleet In port
has a register of 21,460. against 4760 tons on
the same date last year, and the tonnage on
the way to this port has a register of 173,900
tons, against 149,650. .' • •' ' . --?2f" ,
WHEAT— The Clan Graham -takes for Cork
75,910 ctls, valued at $78,747. Spot Quotation*
were unchanged, but futures were rather weak
er. The Chicago market was neglected, though
123,000 bushels were taken for export. Corn
was excited, with htavy sales. '_ «_,_.,
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 950; milling, 97%®$L
CALL BOARD "SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls a. , m.— May— 2ooo ctls.
97: December— 4 Coo. $1 03%. - > n _ <. , . <•
" Second Session— May— 22,ooo ctls, 97%. ¦¦*
¦¦ Regular Morning Session— May— 2oOT ctls. _97;
24.000. 96T(,: December— 2ooo, $1 03%; 2000, » 03%;
4000,' $1 C 3%. ¦¦ . .. -= ¦ ¦:
•Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls. 96%; De
cember—2ooo, $1 03%. , . * ,i ~'' *
BARLEY— It is the same old market, dull and
featureless, which has ruled for weeks. , Quota
tions are unchanged. ¦
Feed. 75c for No. 1 and 65@72%0 i tor off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, B©@S7%c;
Chevalier, , nominal. . :
¦¦¦ ; / 'i CALL BOARD. SALES. . ,
; Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No ealw. •
- Second Session— No sales. -
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
* Afternoon ¦ Session— No sales.
OATS— There are a few . small sales being
made, but as a rule offerings are neglected. ;
White. $1 lO@l 30; - Red. - 95c@$l 17%; Gray,
$1 07%@l 15; Black. 97%@51 06/ '
¦ - CORN— The .market -is quiet. land without
feature. Eastern White i« quoted- at ¦ »7%c@
$1 02% per ctl and Eastern Yellow at Sl@l 10;
mixed,' $101 05 per ctl. *.- : '•"¦
RYE—97%c@sl 02% . per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. <
Flour and Millstuffs. .
FLOUR— California family ; extras. $3 60@3 76.
usual terms; bakers" extras/; $3 40@3 60; Oregon
and Washington, 12 75©3 per barrel.l*Mß|dMas]
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in = sacks ¦:¦¦ are as fol
lows, usual discount *; to -the- trade:' Graham
Flour, J3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7;. Corn Meal, $2 60:
Oat Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $3 25@J 60; - Buck*
wheat Flour. »4@l 25; Cracked Wheat. S3 75;
Farina, $.4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, 13 60;
Foreign Futures.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Time loans 4 OS West Electric 42%
Stocks— wis Central 17
AT& S F 22% Bonds—
A T & S F prefd.. 68% Atchlson 4s 98%
American Sugar.. .lo4^ N E Gas&Coke ss. 70
Am Sugar prefd. ..lo9 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 314 Adventure 4%
Boston & Albany.. 239 Allouez Mln C 0.... 2%
Boston Elevated... 118 Amalgam Copper.. 94%
Boston Si Maine. ..l 93 Atlantic 24
Chgo Bur & Q 124% Boston & M0nt... .304
Dominion Coal ... 43% Butte & 805t0n.... 61
Federal Steel 50% i Calumet & Hec1a..743
Fed Steel prefd.... 73 Centennial 18
Fltchburg prefd.... 130 Franklin 15
General Electric... l 26% Osceola 70
Gen Elec prefd. ...137 Parrot 44%
Ed Elec 111 205 Qulncy 134
Mexican Central... 12% Santa Fe Copper... 6%
N E Gas & Coke... 18 Tamarack ISB
Old Colony 207 Utah -Mining 29%
Old Dominion 18% Wlnona 2%
Rubber 27% Wolverines- 41
Union Pacific 49%
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, March IS.— Money, on call, firm,
at 3®« per cent: last Joan, 3 p«r cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4%®5% per cent. Sterling
exchange weak, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 55% for demand and at $4 S7 for
sixty days; posted rates, $4 83% and $4 87: com
mercial bills. $4 Sl%®4 82. Silver certificates,
60^@61Uc; bar silver, 59% c; Mexican dollars,
47%ic. Government bonds, weak; State bonds.
Inactive; railroad bonds, firm.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance. $303,687,649; gold re
serve. $243,616,705.
London Market.
NEW YORK. March 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The market here was strong in general at the
start on the news that General French" was at
Bloemfonteln and business was distressingly
meager and fell off all around, operators talk
ing of the war and not dealing. A private dis
patch received by a broker from Maf eking says.
"All right here; how are markets?"
The broker replied: "All starving here; how
is Mafeking?"
The war loan still absorbs attention. It is
reported that £6,000.000 on application has al
ready been deposited, equivalent to a subscrip
tion of £200,000,000. J. P. Morgan &. Co. are
still lodging heavy applications. The premium
has been 2H. closing at 2V*. •
Allotment letters are dealt In at % discount
on the premiums. Consols were 101%, closing
unchanged.
Americans began firm, but sagged slightly,
having no support. The bank bought £23,Q00
gold in bars and received £10,000 from Hol
land. The bank has withdrawn Its buying
price for eagles and Is now In complete con
trol of the money market.
CLOSING.
LONDON. March 13. 4 p. m.— Canadian Pa
cific. 101; Union Pacific preferred, 76%; North
ern Pacific preferred, 76%; Grand Trunk. 8%;
Anaconda, 10%. Bar silver, steady, 27 9-16 d per
ounce. Money, 3%@4 per cent.
On the- Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak; creamery, 19@24c: dairy, 16
@22e.- Cheese, firm; 12® 13c. Eggs. .easy; fresh.
13C, . ¦ ;_ '. '¦ . - . ¦ - ,- -, '
Articles—- ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels . .... 72,000 85,000
Wheat, bushel* 31.000 102,000
Corn, bushels 412.000 168.000
Oats, bushels '. 456.000 225,000
Rye, bushels 214.000 10,000
Barley, bushels 128.000, 21,000
spring wheat, 61%064%c; No. 2 red. 65%@68%c;
No. 2 corn, 36% c; No. 2 oats, 23%024c: No. 2
white, 26%®27c; No. 3 white, 25%@26%c; No. 2
rye. 66% c; N0.. 2 barley, 37@41c: No. 1 flaxseod.
$1 60; prime timothy seed. $2 40@2 50; mess pork,
per barrel. $10 10(31105; lard, per 100 pounds,
$5 80@5 92%; short ribs sides (loose), $5 85@6 10;
dry salted shoulders, (boxed), 6%@6%c; short
clear sides (boxed) 56 16©6 30; whisky, distill
ers' finished goods, per gallon. $1 24%. Sugars-
Cut loaf. 6.05 c; granulated, 5.49 c. ' ¦
THE BAN rRANCISCO CALL,^ WEDNESDAY, MAKCH 14, 1900.
washed. 12®140 for good washed. 15c nominal
for good to prime washed peaberry. Uojom-
Inal for good to Prime peaberry.^ 12c nominal
for good to prime. B@loc nominal for good cur
rentrnixed with black beans. 9@10%c for me
dium to fair, 7%c nominal for common to or
dinary. Salvador-ll@l4c for good to prime
washed 9%®l(W4c for fair washed. 11013 c for
good l ?d prime washed peaberry. 9%@10%c for
fSod to prime semi-washed. 9%@10%c for su
perior unwashed, 9@9%c for good green un
washed 10% c nominal for good to prime un
wathed peaberry. 6@7c%c nominal 'or common
to ordinary. Nicaragua— l4@lC%c for prime to
fancy washed. 9%@13c for fair to good washed.
9©9% c nominal for good to superior unwashed.
10®10%c nominal for good to P^e "^JSfnS
f^c To^af; wffi? fe^or^uVf
good to prime unwashed peaberry^ 9@9%c norn
Leather, light. 25@26c: Harness Leather heavy
H h a e?^?ght a &«r S^§
finished. 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits. I*4
16c: Rough Splits, B@loe P e £.J b -, „.,„ No i
«&£ £«~£
6c more; China Nut. 61®65c per Ballon: pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels. 60c; cases. 65c: Sperm,
pure. 60c; Whale Oil, natural . ,y hlte . «»«•
Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors. $1 25«?1 35 per gallon; wagon colors. *-«p
2 PETROLEUM. GASOLINE. JTC-Wattr
white Coal Oil. In bulk. Uc:. Pearl Oil. In
cases. 20c: Astral. 20c: Star, 20c: KxtraStar
Oil. 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene. 22c: Deodorized
Gasoline, In bulk. 16c; do. cases Ccjfen? l^
in bulk. 15% c: do, cases. 21% c: 86-degre« Gaso
line, In bulk, 21c; cases. 27c per B"aJJ on 
- CANDLES-Electrlc Light Candles— l 6 oi..
11%0 per set: 14 o«.. WHc: 12 os.. 9%c:_ 10 ox..
S%c: twelves. 12 oz. (hotel). IOUc. Granite
Mining Candles-16 oz.. 12»12V;c per set; 14 ox..
ll@lt>ic: 12 oz., 10% c; 10 oz.. 9%c: twelves. 1.
cz. (hotel), 1054 c. Parafflne Wax Candles-Ones,
14 oz., white. 12V4c per n«t; twos, 14 oz.. white,
12<4c; fours. 14 oz., white. 12% c; "Ixes 14 oz..
white, 12Vic: twelves. 14 oz.. white. 12% c. col
ored, lc higher. _ ,
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 7®7%c; Red Lead
and Lltharpe. 7 1 i©7>ic per Tb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. "Sc; In Iron barrels,
72c: In wooden barrels, 75c. - •
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels. 63c; raw. barrels.
61c: cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— SSI 50 per flask for local use
and $46 r.CXS'47 50 for export. _
SUGAR— The Western Sujrar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-tt> bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Pow
dered, 5%c: Candy Granulated. 5%c: Dry Gran
ulated. 'sc; Confectioners' A. 6c; Magnolia A.
4He; Extra C, 4%c; Golden C. 4%c; barrels,
1-lfic more; half-barrels, %c more; boxes %c
more; 50- tt> bags. %c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Domlnos. half-barrels, 6\c; boxes, 6c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16017; extra- sizes, higher: Red
wood. $17^18 for No. 1 and $15@16 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $3 5004; Pickets, $18; Shingles,
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes.
$11 for split and $13 for sawn; Rustic. $21<&27.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. MARCH IS.
Flour, qr sks 10.399 Brandy, gals .... 1,500
Barley, ctls I.3SG Hides, No «430
Cheese, ctls 37 Pelts, bdls 4<K
Butter, ctls 377 Wool, bags 132
Tallow, ctls 490 Hay. tons SB2
Wine, gals 48,230! Middlings, sks... 25
Leather, rolls ICo'Bran. sks 133.
Eggs, doz 1f. 570 I Potatoes, sks ... 2,58:
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 820 Oats, ctls « 100
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska.... 5,5101 Wool, bales ..... 1
Oats, ctls 2301
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
£a» jfes i^
THIS DAT. !
WEDNESDAY. March 14, at n O* Clock.
AT GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 SIXTH STREET.
40 head *ood gentle Horses, suitable for all
purpose*. Horses guaranteed. Must be as rep-
resented or money refunded.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
EMIL COHN, Auctioneer,
WILL SELL TO-DAY (Wednesday). Marca 14.
1900. at 11 o'clock a. m.. at 224 Turk St.. tha
almost new oak and mahogany, blrdseye. mapu
and walnut furniture^ and nice carpets of nous*
of lt»nooms. EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
AUCTION. THURSDAY, "S?
CARLOAD OF DRIVING AND DRATB
HORSES, Without Limit or Reserve, at U a.m.
2170 MARKET STREET.
Following were the sales In tha Pactflo Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher *S| 800 Justice ....~... M
600 Best ft Belcher. 27 200 Ophir _.. SO
500 Best St Belcher. 36 - 700 Overman 25
200 Caledonia 93! 200 Sierra Nevada. 59
200 Chollar 231 3CO Silver Hill OS
100 Con Cal & Va.l 57 200 TJnlon Con 23
500 Gould & Curry. 16! 2GO Syndicate 04
Afternoon Session.
600 Best A Belcher. 38 ! 500 Overman ....... 21
200 Con Cal A Va.l 60 j 600 Potosl ......... 22
400 Con Cal A Va.l 57 SOO Potost 22
450 Con Cal A Va.l 55 2CO Potosl 21
200 Crown Point...- 14 600 Sen Belcher.... OS
400 Gould A Curry. 16j 300 Silver Hill .... 03
100 Gould & Curry. 13l 400 Silver Hill 10
100 Hale & Norc. 30* 200 Utah U
300 Justice 07 700 Utah W
300 Mexican 23 SOO Yellow Jacket. U
200 Overman 23
Time Ball. ,
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. S. N.. Mer*
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
' March 13. 1900.
The time ball on the tcwer of the new Ferry
building was dropped a: exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon . of the 120 th meridian, or at 1
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. XT. S. N.. in charge.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
' Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official aa«
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THE STOCK MARKET.
TUESDAY. MARCH 13.
Sun rises 6:23
Sun sets i 6:13
Moon sets 5:07 a. in.
NOTE— In the abov« exposition of the t!de»
the earl? morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive titles of ta«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide oS
the day. the third time column the third tid*
and the last or right hand column gives tb«
last tide of the day. except when there ar« but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundlmrs on the
United States Coast Survey charts, excent
when a minus sign (— > precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
' LIVERPOOL. ;
Wheat— ," ' Mar. May. ' ' July.
Opening... 6 10% 6 9%. 6 8%
Closing 510 69% -".; 58%
PARIS.
Wheat— ¦ ¦ ¦¦•-¦¦ Mar. May- Aug.
Opening ; 20 CO 21 00
Closing £9 05 20 95
Flour-
Opening ' 25 96 27 10
Closing 26 10 27 20
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. March IS.— Special cable and
•telegraphic dispatches to Braflstreet's indicate
the following changes In available supplies last
week:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease. 1,635,000 bushels;
afloat, for and In Europe, Increase, 1,600,000
bushels; total supply, decrease, 135,000. -
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, increase. 2.700,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east ol the
Rocky Mountains, Increase, 428,000 bushels.
Among the more important increases reported
are those of 235.000 bushels at Manitoba stor
age points;. 177,000 at Milwaukee private ele
vators and 70,000 bushels at Chattanooga. The
principal decreases are those of 1.200.000 bushels
in Northwestern interior elevators;* 237.000 at
Chicago private elevators and 149.000 at Port
land. Maine, and 132.C00 at . Newport News.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land. Or.. Tacoma and Seattle. Wash., de
creased 109,000 bushels last week.
' Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, March 13.— There is an easier feel-
Ing In the wool market here this week on ac
count of the quiet market, but quotations are
not much changed. Territory wools continue
to be quoted at about 60c, scoured, for choice
lots of fine medium and medium, with staple
lots higher. Fine fleeces are quiet and nominal
In price. Australian wools are scarce and prices
nominal. Quotations:
TERRITORY WOOLS— Montana and Dakota-
Fine medium and fine. 22@23c; scoured, 60@62c.
staple, 6S@7oc; No. 2 medium, 24@25c; scoured,
63@56c. Utah and Wyoming— Fine mediumand
fine. 19@21c: scoured. 60c: staple, 6JSJ6BC; No. 2
medium. 22®24c; scoured. 63«54c. Idaho— Fine
medium and fine, 18@21c; scoured, 60®61c; me
dium, 20(ff23c: scoured. 52j?540. ¦ ' •
Australian scoured basis, spot prices: Comb
ing superfine, nominally, 93@95c; good. 89@90c.
average, So@Bsc
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, March 13.— The offerings to-day at
the wool auction amounted to 20.559 bales.
Merinos brought out active competition between
Continental and American buyers, who secured
the bulk, a small portion going to the home trade.
Croßsbreds were in active demand " r ,» o^
ehlres. Offerings for the third series of sales
have been limited to 250.000 bales.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, March 13.-CATTLE — Receipts.
5500; generally about steady. Natives— Good to
prime steers, steady, $5©5 90; poor to medium.
Blow to shade lower, $4®4 75; selected feeders,
unchanged, $4 10®5 10; mixed stockers. $3 40@
3 S5: cows, steady, $3®4 30: heifers, slow, $3 10
64 E0: canners. Inn, $2 4T>®3; bulls, about
tteacly. *3®4 25; calves. lower. $4 5005 70.
Texans— Receipts, 700; Texas fed steers, steady,
$3 S>o<34 90; Texas bulls, $3 20®3 75.
HOGS-Recelpts to-day. 25.000: estimated to
morrow, 28,000: left over, 2000; averaged 2%c to
6c hicher; top. $5 07%. Mixed and butchers
$4 80H?5 05; good to choice heavy. $4 95&5 07%.
rougfi hSVyVW B_o@4 90; light. S4 75«4 97%; bulk
° SIIEEP — Receipts, 12.000; sheep, "trong:
lambs, slow. Good to choice wethers, $o 603
5 80: fair to choice mixed. $4 7505 7a; Western
she^p. $5 SS«TS 85; yearlings, » *<«• 05: »•«»•
lambs. $5 75®7 33; Western lambs. $6@« 35.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. March 13.— Clearings, $201,700:
balances, $58,799. -
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. .
PORTLAND, March 13.— 1n the Portland
wheat market there was very little doing to
'w'alta Walla was generally quoted t2o and a
cent more was paid where there waa a chance
tO Val{ey 8 'ls nominally &l@s2c and Bluestem in
no special demand at 64@55a Holders are indis
posed to meet buyers' views and In the ab
sence of pressing tonnage engagements limits
are kept close as possible to an export basis.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 13. -Wheat market inactive
and unchanged; Bluestem, 62%e; Club, Eo%c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 13.— Consols. 101%: silver.
27 9-16 d; French rentes, 102f lOo; wheat car
goes off coast, nothing' doing; cargoes on pas
sage, nominal, unchanged: cargoes Walla
Walla, 28s 6d; English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, March 13.— Wheat, firm: wheat
In Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady: French
country markets, firm; weather in England,
COTTON— Uplands, 5 17-32 d.
closing. ;
WHEAT— Spot— Firm; No. 1 Northern spring.
6s 2d. Futures— Quiet; March, 6s lOd; May, 5s
9»,id; July. 6s B%d. • .
CORN— Soot— American mixed new, firm, 3s
ll%d; American mixed old, firm, 3s ll**d. Fu
tures, easy; May. 3s 10% d; July, 3s 10% d. ,
? ¦
NEW YORK. March 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,250 barrels; exports, 7700; quiet. The trade
is filled up with spring patents and refuses to
meet the extreme views of holders of winter
straits, bo that trade keeps quiet. Winter pat
ents, S3 65@3 80; Minnesota patents. $3 10<33 95;
Minnesota bakers', $2 Saft 3.
WHEAT— Receipts, 55,400 bushels; exports.
15,824 bushels. Spot easy. No. 2, 76c elevator:
No. 2 red, 7S^c t. o. b. afloat In store; No. :1
Northern Duluth, 7S%c t. o. b. afloat prompt;
No. 1 bard Duluth. SOc f. o. b. afloat prompt.
Options opened firmer on a demand for shorts,
but meeting heavy offers to sell on the bulge
for proflt-taklng account, fell off rapidly. This
condition lasted pretty much all day, Influenced
by big Northwest receipts, warm weather
West and a sharp drop In corn; closed weak
'iSVic net decline. March. 76%®77%c, closed
76% - May 72*i@73 9-16 c. closed 73*io; July,
"2%@73%c. closed 72*4 c; September, 72%Q>73%c,
cloyed 72% c
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
LEATHER-Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Options closed barely steady, with
pricm 5- to 10 points net lower. Total •tales
were 19,000 bags, including:: March. $6 65; May,
$8 COQ6 65: June. $6 70; July. $6 60g6 70; Au
gust, $6 75; September, $6 75@6 SO; November,
$6 75; December, $7<g7 05: January, $7 05. Spot—
Rio, steady: No. 7 invoice, S',ic nominal; No.
7 Jobblne. S*ic Mild, quiet; Cordova, 9%@14c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet, but firm. Fair refin
ing. 3 7 Ac: centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses
suirar. 3 11-16 c. Refined, quiet, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7337 packages: firm.
June creamery, lSijL'3c; Western, 20@22c; fac
tory, 17@20c. ¦ •
EGGS— Receipts, 8507 packages: firm and
higher. Western at mark, lC%c; Southern, 16
® 16V4C " DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March IS.— There were no feat
ures of Importance In evaporated apples to-day.
Prices still follow the policy of hand-to-mouth
order. The market on the whole, however, was
firm, but the continued absence In demand
prevented any changes in prices. California
dried fruit ruled firm at unchanged prices.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4HS6%c; prime, 6@6%c: choice, 7@7%e; fancy.
7^©S%c.
• CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%@IOc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13qi5c; Moorpark, 15<JTlSc.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 18522 c; unpeeled, 7%@9c.
Nnu York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. March 13.— Business continues
very sla?k In the market for metals. There
was a decided decline In the price of tin, drop
ping from $34 50, quoted yesterday, to $32 25
(a 32 75, closing weak at those figures, in sym
pafliy with a £6 decline In that metal at Lon
don. Plelron warrants were very dull. Lake
copper unchanged, at $16 25 nominal; lead, $4 70
@4 75, closed steady; spelter eased off 2% points,
closing easy, with prices $4 62% bid and $4 67%
asked. The brokers' price for lead was 14 43
and for. copper $16 CO.
CHICAGO, March IS.— The crowd In the corn
pit was much greater than it has been at any
other time for a year, not even excepting yes
terday, when the 2-cent bulge made the coarse
cereal the cynosure of speculative eyes. The
price was controlled by two influences at
various times— sales for profit and covering by
shorts. May opened %c over yesterday. The
excitement then began. Longs who bought
months ago came into the ' pit and took as
much prollt as they deemed advisable at pres
ent. It was estimated that many hundreds of
thousands of dollars were taken out of sales
to-day. Meanwhile May was shooting down
from first figures to 37Vic, a drop of l@l%o
from the opening. At the decline the excite
ment abated to a degree and shorts 'began to
protect themselvea against another ascent.
Under this influence and with the light coun
try offerings and higher cables in mind May
recovered gradually to 3"T4®3Sc. Later the
market reacted to 37%e. where it steadied and
closed %®%c under yesterday.
The wheat- market was quiet and rather
heavy, subordinate to corn all ' day. May
opened %c over yesterday at 66%<g66%c, in
fluenced by higher cables from Liverpool and
from Paris and with the corn strength. The
break in corn, lower late cables and the heavy
Northwest receipts, together with profit-taking
by traders caused a reaction following the
openlng.^May declining from, 66% c, which the
market Touched shortly after the opening, to
65%i@C5T4c. The close waa I heavy. May %@>/>c
lower at 65% c.
The oats market showed some activity and
strength early. Influenced by corn and wheat.
However, with the break In corn the market
declined and closed rather weak. May closed
%®'ic under yesterday. :.. - . ,
The experience in provisions' • was much
similar to that- in .corn — considerable proflt
taklng on. one hand and covering by shorts on
the other. 5 It was a fairly active market, ap
parently < inclined ¦ toward . easiness. May pork
closed 10c under yesterday. May lard 2%c lower
and May ribs 2%@5c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— »
March .... .... t5
May C6H €6% 65T4 65%
July... --67% 67% 66* 66%
Corn No. 2—
September 38% 38% 88 38ft
M.irch .:.. .... 3C
May 38% 38% 3714 37%
July 35% 38%. 37%.; 87%
Oats No. 2—2 —
May 24 24 "2374 23^
July 23 22 22% 22%
Mess Pork, . per barrel — .'•¦¦•
May ¦„ 11 07% 11 72% 10 95 1100
July .......1100 11 10 -10 92% .10 97%
Lard, per 100 pounds — . . ". •- - / .
May 605 8 07% 6 02% 6 02%
July 615 6 17% 6 12% 6 12U
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— . •¦¦ •-¦¦ . ¦-'.- •, ¦-
May ....600 -6 05 600 " 600"
July ..6 05 * 07% . 6 02% 6 02%
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. March IS.
Stmr Newburg. Peterson, 4% days frora
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Washtenaw, GUboy, 115 hours from Ta-
Stnir Brunswick, Andresen. 23 hours frota
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart, 24 hours from Eu
reka, bound to San Pedro; put la to land p**
"stmr Orizaba. Hlnkle. 21 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen, 59 hours from Victoria,
and Pueet Sound ports. - _^
Btmr North Fork. Bash. 24 hours from Bu»
Stmr Lasruna, Stark. 29 hours from Eureka.
Stmr ' Mlneola, David. 115 hours from Na-
Stmr "Willamette. Hansea. 34 hours from Be-
Stmr'charles Nelson. Anderson, 10 days front
Mnkawell.
Stmr State of California, Gage, Astoria:
Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Centennial Eagle*. 11 days from Ka>
hulul.
Br stmr Robert Adamson. Mancaa. 13S hours)
from Nanalmo.
Br rtmr Bristol, Mclntyre. 5 days from Oys
ter Harbor. . • .
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. 4 days from
Comox. " •
Br itmr Gaelic. Finch.- 2S days 2 hours from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days 4 hours, vl*
Honolulu 6 days 10 hours.
Br stmr Duke of Fife. Cox. S5 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 23 days.
Ship Columbia. Nelson. W days from Tacoma.
Schr Stanley (new), Schmalz. 3 days from
Schr Occidental. Roslch, 60 hours from En-
Schr Abble, Peterson. 12 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Sparrow. Clement. 9 days from Eureka.
CLEARED. *
Tuesday. March IX
Stmr Pomona. Alexander, San Diego; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Nor- stmr Leander. Olsen. Vladivostok. rt»
Tacoma; Saunders. Ward & Co.
Schr Transit. Jorsenson. Honolulu;. Wil
liams. Dimond A Co.
Schr Queen, Frederickson. Klawack: N F
T & P Co.
¦ . SAILED.
Tuesday. March U.
Stmr San ?edro, Zaddart. San Pedro.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cru».
"Stmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
. Stmr Aberdeen. Hlggins, Eureka.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Br ship Clan Graham. Mclntyre. Queenstown.
Bark Mohican. Kelly. Honolulu
Schr Mary Wlnkelman. Benneche. Grays Har
bor. »¦-"¦¦
.Schr John F North. Austin. Honotpu.
TELEGRAPHIC
¦¦ POINT; LOBOS. March 13. 10 p m— Weather
torn: wind west, velocity 11 miles.
m.
8
New York Grain and Produce
Chicago Grain Market.
O Time Time Time Time
aj Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W HW I. W HW
14 ... 4:20 1.9 10:33 5.1 4:10 0.9 11:10 5.1
15 ... 4:33 1.6 11:15 6.0 5:00 1.1 11:53 5.1
18 ... 5:29 1.3 11:57 4.9 5:27 1.4
HW L.W HW LW
IT ... 0:00 5.2 «:02 1.0 12:38 4.S 5:55 1.7
!8 ... 0:22 5.2! B:S3 0.8 1:» 4.« «:2S 2.0
19 ... 0:46 5.2} 7:12| 0.« 2:09 4.4 «:SS l.«
10 ... 1:12 5.3 7:561 0.5 3:C3 4.1 7J9i J.«
Eteam«r. From. J Dua.
Hathor ......... Hamburg Mar. 14
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 14
Prog.-eso |Tacorr.a Mar. 14
Coos Bar (Newport Mar. 14
Matteawan ....JTacoma..: Mar. 14
Samoa IHumboldt Mar. 14
Bmplr* Cooa Bay -- Mar. 15
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 15
Oeo. W. Elder. Portland Mar. It
Corona San Diego Mar. W
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. 1«
Benmohr Oyster Harbor Mar. 14
Homer Portland Mar. 18
National City.. Grays Harbor Mar. IT
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 13
Bonlta Newport Mar. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. IS
Arcata -... Coos Bay Mar. 13
Czarina Puget Sound Mar. 20
North Fork Humboldt Mar. W
Pomona T-an Dle^o Mar. Z0
S. Portland Oyster Harbor Mar. 1>
State California Portland Mar. 11
Colon [Panama Mar. 21
Steamer.
From.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Alolia [Crescent Clty.tMar. 14. 3 pmlPler »
Pomona (San Diego jMar. 14. 11 am Pier It
State of CallPcrtland IMar. 14. in am Pier 24
Newburg ..|Grays Harbor! Mar. 15. 13 m i.
North KorklHumboUK Mar. IS. »am Pier t
City PpklntrlChlna&JapanlMar. 15. Ipm PMSS
North Fork Huroboldt Mar. 15. IS m Pier 3
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 15. 2pm Pier »
Coos Bay... Newport Mar. 1«. 9am Pier 11
Queen Vie &. Pgt Sd. Mar. 17. 10 am Pier 9
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 17. 2pm Pl*r T
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 17. 10 am Pier 13
Corona San Dleeo Mar. IS. 11 am!Pler 11
Del Norte..! Oregon Ports. Mar. IS. 10 ami Pier 20
O. W. Elder Portland Mar. 19. WamlPier 24
Newport ... Panama IMar. 19. 12 roIPMSS
Bonita Newport IMar. 20. 9amlPlerlt
Arc.ita .....ICoos Bay Mnr. 50, 12 ml Pier 13
Marlposa ..ISydney I Mar. 21. .. pm'Pler T
Steamer.
I Destination.
O Time Time Time Time
aj Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W HW I. W HW
14 ... 4:20 1.9 10:33 5.1 4:10 0.9 11:10 5.1
15 ... 4:33 1.6 11:15 6.0 5:00 1.1 11:53 5.1
18 ... 5:29 1.3 11:57 4.9 5:27 1.4
HW L.W HW LW
IT ... 0:00 5.2 «:02 1.0 12:38 4.S 5:55 1.7
!8 ... 0:22 5.2! B:S3 0.8 1:» 4.« «:2S 2.0
19 ... 0:46 5.2} 7:12| 0.« 2:09 4.4 «:SS l.«
10 ... 1:12 5.3 7:561 0.5 3:C3 4.1 7J9i J.«
Eteam«r. From. J Dua.
Hathor ......... Hamburg Mar. 14
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 14
Prog.-eso |Tacorr.a Mar. 14
Coos Bar (Newport Mar. 14
Matteawan ....JTacoma..: Mar. 14
Samoa IHumboldt Mar. 14
Bmplr* Cooa Bay -- Mar. 15
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 15
Oeo. W. Elder. Portland Mar. It
Corona San Diego Mar. W
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. 1«
Benmohr Oyster Harbor Mar. 14
Homer Portland Mar. 18
National City.. Grays Harbor Mar. IT
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 13
Bonlta Newport Mar. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. IS
Arcata -... Coos Bay Mar. 13
Czarina Puget Sound Mar. 20
North Fork Humboldt Mar. W
Pomona T-an Dle^o Mar. Z0
S. Portland Oyster Harbor Mar. 1>
State California Portland Mar. 11
Colon [Panama Mar. 21
Steamer.
From.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Alolia [Crescent Clty.tMar. 14. 3 pmlPler »
Pomona (San Diego jMar. 14. 11 am Pier It
State of CallPcrtland IMar. 14. in am Pier 24
Newburg ..|Grays Harbor! Mar. 15. 13 m i.
North KorklHumboUK Mar. IS. »am Pier t
City PpklntrlChlna&JapanlMar. 15. Ipm PMSS
North Fork Huroboldt Mar. 15. IS m Pier 3
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 15. 2pm Pier »
Coos Bay... Newport Mar. 1«. 9am Pier 11
Queen Vie &. Pgt Sd. Mar. 17. 10 am Pier 9
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 17. 2pm Pl*r T
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 17. 10 am Pier 13
Corona San Dleeo Mar. IS. 11 am!Pler 11
Del Norte..! Oregon Ports. Mar. IS. 10 ami Pier 20
O. W. Elder Portland Mar. 19. WamlPier 24
Newport ... Panama IMar. 19. 12 roIPMSS
Bonita Newport IMar. 20. 9amlPlerlt
Arc.ita .....ICoos Bay Mnr. 50, 12 ml Pier 13
Marlposa ..ISydney I Mar. 21. .. pm'Pler T
Steamer.
I Destination.Will Plead Insanity.
LOS ANGELES. March 13.— J. F. Wlfc
cox. the Santa Rosa wife murderer. wh»
was* captured at Pasadena on Sunday
was taken to Santa Rosa to-day in chanr»
of a Deputy Sheriff. Wllcox in an inter
view to-day said that he will not ple=»<
guilty, although he has confessed to th«
crime, but will claim that he was tnsam
when he killed bis wife.. He says h« caj
easily prove bis Insanity. ,
VISCARRA FALLS IN BATTLE.
Last of the Peruvian Insurgent Lead-
ers to Hold Out.
LIMA, Peru, March 13.— 1n a sharp fight
between the Government troops and the
revolutionists near Moyobamba on Febru
ary 26 Colonel Viscarra, the last of the in
surgent leaders to hold out, was killed.
The whole of Peru Is now tranquil.
San Jose Sells Bonds.
Special Dispatch to The Call. jppflpl
SAN JOSE.' March 13.— The Board of
Town Trustees of Santa Clara last even-
Ing acepted the bid of Hecht Bros. & Co.
of San Francisco for the $30,000 worth of
bonds recently Issued for the purpose of
erecting a municipal gas works. The sum
bid was $31,508 2o and accrued Interest.
The bonds number forty and are for $750
each.-; " • . ' s '.'.k^'''^
Jewish Ladies' Council.
At the annual meeting of the Jewish
Ladles'. Council, held in the vestry rooms
of the Bush-street Temple,' the reports
presented - showed a membership of 390.
and that the council is in a prosperous
condition. During the year the council
distributed to deserving people 150 pairs of
new shoes, 700 yards of materials ajid 679
garments. The following officers were re
elected for the current year: Mrs. J.
Reiss, president: Mrs. Daniel S. Davis,
vice president; Mrs. Maurice Getz, treas
urer; Mrs. Isaac Frohman, financial sec
retary; Mrs. Abram A'tmayer, correspond
ing secretary. . ¦ . :
HOWARD McMURCHY
ALAMEDA, M*arch 13.— The marriage of
Howard McMurchy and Mrs. Lucia Moore
will be celebrated to-morrow morning at
the residence of Mrs. Louis A. Phillips,
sisterof the bride-elect, at 1822 Santa Clara
avenue. Rev. F. 8. Brush, pastor of. the
First Presbyteriau Church, will officiate.
Mr. McMurchy is the Western represent
ative of the Eastman Hunter Arms Com
pany of Syracuse, N. Y. ¦
Mr. McMurchy is known throughout the
United- States as a champion trap shot.
He holds many records for scores at clay
and live pigeons. Mrs. Moore is the
daughter of • Mrs. Dolores Wlss of Ala
meda. Her home has been at 2325 Pacific
avenue. She is an accomplished musi
cian. •
SUDDEN DEATH OF
DR. FRANK H. FISHER
OAKLAND, March 13.— Dr. Frank H.
Fisher, son of George W. Fisher, manager
of the Oakland branch of the Pvgct
Sound Lumber Company, died this morn
ing in New York City after an operation
for appendicitis.
Dr. Fisher was a prominent dentist of
this city, having been graduated nin«
years ago from the dental college of the
University of California. Six years a?o
Dr. Fisher married Maud Lillian Berry,
daughter of. Fulton G. Berry of Fresno.
Mrs. Fisher had vocal talent of rare merit
and is now the first soprano In the Caati*
square Opera Company of New York. Dr.
and Mrs. Fisher had been residing in New
York for three year?, having gone there
in order that Mrs. Fisher might develop
her musical talents. Dr. Fisher was n
native of Foxcroft, Me., 21 years old. H<s
came to California when he was 5 year 3
of- age and his home had always been itr
Oakland, where he was educated. Dr.
Fisher .was an accomplished musician.
The only child. Berreta. 5 years old. is
with her grandparents here. They havu
directed that the body be brought to this
city for interment. Mrs. Flaher will ar
company the remains. The funeral will
be held from the First Presbyterian
Church at a date yet to be fixed.
SHUMAN TO BUILD
THE HALEY TUNNEL
Judgment by Consent Rendered by
United States Circuit Judge Mor
row in the Mining Case.
Judgment for the plaintiffs by consent
was rendered yesterday morning by
United States Circuit Judge Morrow In
the case of Percy L. Shuman and Gustav
Bauman vs. Isaac N. Dewitt, owner of
the Haley mine In Amador County, Cal.
Shuman and Bauman are capitalists and
residents of Chicago. They allege in their
complaint that they entered into a con
tract .with Dewitt by the terms of which
they were to construct at their own ex
pense a tunnel 1000 feet long- in the mine,
and keep as their compensation all the
gold, silver and other metals that they
might find In the mine. Before the con
struction of the tunnel had been complet
ed they were obstructed and" hindered
from doing their work, they allege, by
Dewitt. They thereupon filed a com
plaint In the United States Circuit Court
asking that Dewitt be enjoined from fur
ther hindering them from carrying out
the contract
Dewitt will get under the contract one
tenth of the profits of the mine.
LET HUNTINGTON
HANDLE RELIEF
BUREAU CONTEST
Kruttschnitt Believed to
Have Passed the Buck
to His President.
Active Work Being Done by South
ern Pacific Employes ln-Prep
'V'"" aration for a Possible
I Struggle.
¦ •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. March 13.
The hurried and announced departure
of General Manager Kruttschnitt of the
Southern Pacific Company last week for
the East has led railroad men In OaklanJ
to the belief that the contest over the re
lief bureau scheme will be referred direct
ly to President Huntlngton upon his ar
rival here in April. Employes are of tht*
opinion that the general manager vua
astute enough to pass the responsibility
for any trouble to C. P. Huntington hiir.
self. who has been given credit for in
augurating the Insurance plan on hi*
roads. His closest subordinates on the
Pacific Coast have been chary of meddling
much with the proposition.
Jt has been noticeable since the or
ganized opposition became strongly devel
oped that the headquarters officials have
not been desirous of meeting the em
ployes' committees. In fact, before the,.
could be properly organized the word wa.-»
sent forth that the general manager had
left the State. Kruttschnitt departed th*
night before the grievance committee waa
organized which is to represent the tiv^
large brotherhoods before the Southern
Pacific officials. The men were disappoint -
ed when they learned of the general man
ager's departure. His absence delays a
settlement of the contest, or at least a'i
official presentation of the demands of the
men.
This cannot now. be accomplished until
after Kruttschnitt's return, and it is sup
posed he will arrive with the rest of th<»
Huntlngton party. That th« officials real
ize there is much strength to the oppo
sition which has steadily developed to tho
scheme goe« without saying. Every divi
sion superintendent on the Southern Pa
cific system has reported that the men
are dissatisfied, and will at least demand
a radical modification of the terms of th»
proposition.
During the interim tho organized broth
erhoods are Quietly but actively securing
reports as to the sentiment of the men
throughout the system. It is known that
the two centers in this State outside of
Oakland, namely. Sacramento and Los
Angeles, are being canvassed, that when
tho grievance committee shall go before
the, officials they will know exactly what
strength Is behind them.
Word has been received in Oakland that
the several thousand employes in' th»
Sacramento railroad shops are practically
unanimous In their opposition to the in
surance scheme, and that they will abso
lutely refuse under any circumstances to
Join the bureau. Reports from Loa An
geles indicate a similar condition of af
fairs. In the Oakland yards it is reported"
that many of the trainmen and minor
employes ara belnjj given assurance that
in the event of serious trouble they will
be taken care of If they shall stand flrnv
to fight the Introduction of the scheme.
In an unofficial way word has been sent
to Oakland that it will be useless for th<*
railroad men's committees to make an;*
move until after Huntington's arrival.
Realizing this situation the main com
mittee Is simply preparing its statement
to cover every phase of the objections
they have to offer. It Is certain that n<*
definite move will be made until aftT
April 1. The utmost secrecy la being,ob
served by the brotherhoods. Their officer.'*
simply stand on the proposition that thev
are not yet ready to make public any o"
their plans. What may be done Is merely
a matter of speculation. The trend of at
fair* Is, however, to force a direct issua
with the company officials, and to wait
for future developments.
WAGNER CONCERT
GREATLY ENJOYED
THE public is exhibiting an increased
interest in the Wagnerian concerts
as the season draws to a close and
the audience at the California last
night was fairly good, although not
commensurate with the value of the
entertainment offered.
"Siegfried" and "Gotterdammerung"
*rere the themes of Mr. Damrosch's dis
course, and the vocal illustratior* of Mme.
Gadski, Mr. Bispham and Mr. Schott. The
fame charm and symmetry that charac
terize Mr. Damrosch's lectures was again
pleasantly in evidence, and his freedom
from cut-and-drled formulae was shown
in the freshness with which he endowed
the themes he had already treated at his
afternoon recitals.
I am moved to say. however, that the
alterations and abridgements of bis dis
course were a distinct loss, and In spite
of the vocal contributions by Mme. Gad
ski and Mr. Bispham the Interest in the
second elucidation of "Siegfried" and
"Gotterdammcrung" was materially cur
tailed by the omission of numerous Inci
dents of the dramatic development and
passages in the score that Mr. Dam
rosch inserted In his more exhaustive ex
planatory recitals.
In handling thus briefly the complex
schemes of Wagner's most highly devel
oped music dramas, it is not an easy task
to decide what shall be presented and
what passed over, but on^the whole Mr.,
Damrosch succeeded in Riving what was
essential to the themes and musical pur
pose of his subjects, and if there be any
cause for dissatisfaction it is in the fact
that we were denied the enjoyment of
some of his interpretations on the piano
which we have learned to like as much
as any of the factors of these delightful
entertainments.
The excerpts of the evening did not af
ford Mr. Bispham the best opportunity to
display his powers, although in "Hagan's
Call to the Glbichungs" his noble voice
was h<>ard to the best advantage.
Mme. Gadski sang portions of Brun
hllde's music with good effect and a happy
condition of voice. There was frequently
evident in nor singing an admirable art
and intelligence and a refinement equal if
not superior to that which has given value
and charm to her previous efforts.
Mr. Schott sang the part of Siegfried—
badly. PORTER GARNETT.
Miscellaneous Concert Programme.
The programme for the last concert to
be given by Mrae. Gadski, Mr. Bispham
and Mr. Damrosch at the California The
ater to-night is as follows:
Air — (»> Non plu Andra.l (Marriage of "...
Figaro) Mozart
(b) Creation's Hymn Beethoven
Mr. Bispham. •
Air— Agethe (Freischutr) Weber
Mme. Gadski.
Bongs— (a.) The BaJltfTd Daughter of Isling
ton; fb) Drink to Me Only With
Thine Ey«»p; <c) The Pretty Creature;
(Old English) Mr. Bispham
ExeerpU from "Flying Dutchman— (a) Spin
nine Chorus and Ballad
Mme. Gadski and Chorus
(b) Duet — '•Flying Dutchman"
Mme. Gadski and Mr. BlFpham
Bongs— <B.) Sick Child; (b) Sudden Light
Damrosch
(c) Aus Meinen Grossen Schmerzen;
fd) Liebchen Ist Da Franr
(c) Dichterliebe I and II Schumann
<f) Dv bist die Run Schubert
Mme. Gadski.
Songs — (a) On the Road to Mandalay (with
chorus); (b) Danny Deever.. Damrosch
Mr. Bispham.
Air from "Tannhauner" — Dich Theure Halle..
Warner
Mme. Gadskl.
Quintet from "Meisterslnifer"
Mme. C,ad?kl, Mr. Bispham, Mr. Williams,
Miss Decker and Mr. Brown.
Ex-Postmaster White Ill.
-OAKLAND, March 13.— J. J. White. ex»
Postmaster of this city, has been con»
fined to •. his home the past few day!
with an attack of pneumonia that is re
garded as- very serious. ,
In the Divorce Court.
OAKLAND. March 13.— Kate Chamberi
this afternoon brought suit for a dlvorc*
from B. H. Chambers, who is at present
residing in Texas. Desertion is alleged is
the complaint.
In the Alameda divorce suit of Mlnni«
A. Dean against Willard A. Dean default
of defendant was entered to-day owing ti
bis failure to appear or, answer.
FOR 25 YEARS '
HAS BEEN; RECOMMtNDED BY
EMINENT PHYSICIANS
As the Best Natural Aperient Water.
UNEQUALLED AS A REMEDY FOR
Constipation anid Stomach Disorders*
Get the Genuine! f
New Subject for Debate.
BERKELEY. March 13.— Because Star»
ford and Berkeley representatives couli
not «- - > me to an agreement orr the ques.
tlori of the annual Intercollegiate deba.t«
another subject will tte chosen before next
Thursday evening 1 . The committees coul4
not agree that the first subject "Resolvedt
That the Canteen Be Abolished Iron
Posts of the United States Army" wai
of sufficient importance for the great
annual debate. Therefore another subject
will be submitted.
POSTUM CEREAL.
CAUSE UNKNOWN.
Finally Found to Lie in the Coffee.
"We have had a curious and unpleas-
ant experience with coffee drinking,
husband and I. I have been a great suf-
ferer for several years with indigestion
end heart trouble, and did not know
2he cause of it until I finally came to the
conclusion that it was the use of coffee.
So we abandoned the coffee and took
up Postum Cereal Food Coffee, which
I had seen advertised in the daily pa-
pers.
"Since using it I have, to my great
surprise, improved wonderfully. Hus-
band has gained II pounds in two
months since he left off coffee and be-
gan the use of Postum. He sleeps
soundly at night now, which he does
not remember having done for several
years before on account of nervousness.
¦It is remarkable that people go on in
ill health and do not discover the cause
of the trouble. . - .
'"You may depend upon it we know
how to make Postum good, and that is
easy if one" will use a sufficient amount
and boil it long enough. It is really an
elegant and delicious drink. I don t
want my name to appear in the papers,
if you should publish this testimonial."
Chattanooga. Term. The Postum
Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek, Mich.,
are permitted to give the name of this
lady by letter, if desired
Police Commissioners Meet.
At a meeting of the Police Commission
ers last night Policeman John D. 6hln«
*ras fined $50 for neglect of duty. Shine
has been on the force but two montns.
Last week he failed to show up for duty
for two days and was reported by Captain
Wittman. The Commissioners reprimand
ed him severely and warned him that a.
repetition of his offense would result in
his dismissal. '_T ' .
The petition of H. P. Gordon asking the
loan of the pictures composing U.e
"rogues' gallery" to reproduce them In i
book on crime, to be published shortly,
was denied. ....
Applications fcr liquor licenses occupied
the greater part of the session. The com*
miss-ion will meet 'to-day at 4:30.
PRACTICALLY ADMITS
THE CHARGE OF LIBEL
A Suit Concluded Upon the Agree-
ment of the Defendant to Pay
SIOOO Damages.
CARSON, Nev, March 13.— The case of
Anna C. Egan vs. John S. Mayhugh for
damages because, of a llbelous article
written by Mayhugh concerning Miss
Egan and which appeared in the Terri
torial Enterprise in July last was
brought to a close in the United
States Circuit Court to-day. F. H. Nor
cross, attorney for Miss Egan, accepted
a default against Mayhugh, who will pay
$1000 damages to Miss Egan.
The default amounts to admission upon
Mayhugh's part that the charges against
Miss Egan were false. The trouble be
tween the two parties began while May
hugh was agent and Miss Egan superin
tendent of schools at the Western Sho
ehone Indian Reservation. In April last
it culminated In a shooting scrape at the
reservation, in which Mayhugh, J. Meyer,
the agency farmer, and "Long John,'
chief of Indian police, on the one side,
and Miss Egan, Dr. Merriwether, the
agency physician, and Frank Carson, an
Indian employe, on the other. Mayhugh
subsequently was relieved from his posi
tion as agent, while Miss Egan was made
Superintendent of schools at Telmath
Agency, Or.
WIFE OF A SHOE CLERK
SWALLOWS CARBOLIC ACID
Was Probably Despondent Owing to
the Long-Continued Illness of
Her Husband.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. March 13.—This afternoon
Mrs. Charles Packham, whose hus
band ie a clerk in Bacon's shoe
store, committed suicide by swal
lowing a dose of carbolic acid. Mr.
and Mrs. Packham had been rooming at
307 North First street. The couple-came
here several months ago from San Fran
clfco. Packham had been suffering from
rheumatism, and it is .supposed this
caused his wife to become despondent.
About 2 o'clock this afternoon ladies in
the hcuse discovered Mrs. Packham in
a certou* condition and she died shortly
thereafter. She was about 25 years of age.
!
Editors at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. March 13.—The 100 edi
tors, members of the National Editorial
Association, who arrived here yesterday,
were at Santa Monica this morning and
CONDITIONS OF YALE
AND CALIFORNIA MEET
BERKELEY. March 13.— Track Man.
ager Deats of the University of Califor<
nia received a letter from the Yale trac'4
manager this morning giving particular?
about the dual meet which Is to, be held
May 5. The letter stated that though
Yale will be Inconvenienced by Its meet
with California on that date, as the field
day with Harvard is but two days be
fore, it will concede anything to Califor*
nia. The letter compliments California on
Its pluck In sending a team so far East*
It urges California to keep up its good
work in purifying sports in the West and
keeping them up to the present hlga
standard. '
Only two concessions are asked— that
the manager of the California team se«
cure a certificate for each member fronj
the dean of the college in which he II
registered, setting forth that he is a bona
fide member of the university. The see*
ond concession is that the meet be run
oft under the rules of the American Ath*
letlc Association.
PROSPEROUS YEAR
FOR NATIVE SONS
Gratifying Report Presented at the
Annual Meeting of the
Hall Association.
The annual meeting of the members of
the Hall Association of the Native Sons
of the Golden West was held last night
in Native Sons' ( Hall. James D. Phelan
presided. ': '
There were represented 10,981 out of
12,950 shares. ¦
The president announced that the »j-ear
just ended had been a prosperous one, and
that the association had during that
time paid off -Its floating debt and had
commenced to pay. off a part of the mort
gage debt.. ¦ The report of Secretary
Adolph Eberhart showed that on the -first
of March, 1899, there was *¦ on hand
$134 55. Receipts during the year—subscrip
tions, $38: rents, $13,006 85; return pre
mium on Insurance, $18 40-* total, $15,197 80
The disbursements 'were $14,983 87. The
assets amount in the aggregate to $143,
675 36, and the liabilities $131,507 50, and the
excess of assets are $12,167 86.
The following named, were recommend
ed as directors for the current year and
were elected : Henry Lunstedt, John H.
Grady, Frank W. Marston, Robert •H.
Morse, "James B. Stovall, W. D. Shea.
Henry M. Wreden.'- James D. Phelan, D.
A. Ryan, Thomas B. Roche, H. W. Hun
sacker, Jere Looney, g Thomas ; Conmy.
Adolph Eberhart, Henry- J. Seitz, George
H. S. Dryden, J. \ P. Donovan, W. < Foley,
They Are Lawyers Now.
During the past two days the Commis
sioners of the Supreme Court have been
examining applicants i for admission tv
practice in the courts of the State. Yes
terday it was Announced that the follow
ing had been successful, and to-day they
will receive their diplomas and become
full-fledged lawyers: Herbert Vernon
KJmberlin. Welton J. Phillips. George M.
J. Davis. James Ogilvie Moncur, Fred L.
Berry. Fred H. Greely, John T. Ryan,
Abraham L. Friedman. James W. Bell.
John L.f McVey. John E. Carroll. Hamil
ton A- Bauer. Kate de Peatt, L. G. Morse.
Louis Goldberg, Fred Arthur Reynolds. F.
A. Duryea, Benjamin S. Wood Jr., Ed
ward I. Coffey, Edward Thomas Clark
William T. Plunkett. Albert J. Brown and
Charles Roscoe Holton.
ascended Mount Lowe on the incline rail
way this afternoon. They are being shown
all Southern California possible in their
Ehort stay here. They leave to-morrow
night for Bakersfleld and Fresno.
LIPTON CAN BRING
BUT ONE CHALLENGER
Sir Thomas Must Conform to the
Rules Governing Races for the
America's Cup.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 13.— The purpose of
Sir Thomas Lipton in the 'matter of his
next challenge for the America's cup
caused considerable comment among lead
hie, yachtsmen to-day. In. the first place
Sir Thomas', decision to bring over, two
boats, the Shamrock and the new Erin,
if allowed to do so by the New York
Yacht Club, evoked smiles and negative
shakes of the heads. All thought the
deed of gift amounted to something and
j If it does Sir Thomas would not be given
the club's consent to send his two boats
; here for the purpose set forth. The pro
vision of the deed which covers this point
is as follows:
"Accompanying the ten months notice
of challenge there must be sent the name
of the owner and the certificate of the
name, rig and following dimensions of the
challenging vessel, namely: Length on
load water line, beam at load water line
and extreme beam and draught of water."
If, therefore, notice of challenge and
the name, etc., of the vessel are required
by the New York Yacht Club, as usual,
then Sir Thomas' purpose of trying out
his two boats off Sandy Hook and naming
the challenging vessel at the last hour
would fall.
The New York Yacht Club, of course,
has waived the dimension clause of the
provision except in the matter of the total
water-line length of . the challenger, but
that concession, it was held, had no bear
ing on the balance of the requirements
noted. ¦
MAY CLOSE WITH YOST.
Stanford Student Body No Longer
Objects to Proposed Coach.
Special Diftpateh to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 13.—
The opposition to the appointment of F.
H. Yost to coach the Stanford football
squad was removed to-day when the mat
ter was taken up before a special student
body meeting. Captain Burnett, who, had
appealed from the action of the executive
committee, came before the students and;
withdrew his opposition for the sake of
harmony. The large crowd of students
present were pleased to see what was,
feared would be a stormy session turned
into a love feast between .manager and
captain. Manager Gildersleeve is now
free to close up the contract with Yost.
Stanford Field Events.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 13.—
The events of the annual handicap field
day which were postponed at last Thurs
day's meet on account of the wet condi
tion of the field came oft to-day. The
shot-put, pole vault, hammer throw and
high jump were the events laid over. Fol
lowing are the men entered and the rec
ords made:
Shot-put— Paul Parker, scratch, won,
distance 37 feet 9V4 inches; Brooke,
scratch, second, 37 feet 7 inches: Hawley,
2 feet handicap, third, 35 feet 9% inches.
Pole vault— Boyd, scratch, won, height
10 feet 8 inches; Beach, .handicap
10 inches, second, 10 feet 7 inches; De For
est, handicap 8 inches, third, 10 feet, 5
Sixteen-pound hammer throw— Wardall,
scratch, won, distance 117 feet lMt inches.
High jump— Dole, 3 inches handicap,
first. *5 feet 6 inches; Palmer, 4 inches
handicap, 5 feet 5 inches; McCullough, 2
inches handicap, 5 feet 4 inches.
BANK WINS ITS CASE.
Not Responsible for Money Embez-
zled by a State Treasurer.
OMAHA. March 13.— The Omaha Na
tional Bank won its case this morning in
the action brought by the State to recover
$201,000. the amount of a warrant ' sold
through the bank by ex-Treasurer Bart
ley, which was held not to have been
negotiable, the proceeds of which he em
bezzled. The case was tried once before
in the District Court and a verdict ren
dered in favor of the bank. The State
appealed and the Supreme Court reversed
the verdict, but failed to order a a new
trial. One contention : of the bank . was
that this did not amount to a reversal.
The principal contention of the bßnk was
that one of three Judges of the Supreme
Court did not act in the case I and • the
other two filed divergent opinions. Judge
Baker sustained the motion to render
judgment on the previous «. verdict , in his
court In favor of the bank.
Rich Gold Strike.
TUCSON, Ariz., March 13.— A big gold
strike was made in tbeArivaca mining:
district yesterday. - A large body ' of ore
running $300 in gold to the ton was struck
in the Tres'Amlgos mine, owned by Los
Angeles parties. '
SIGMA NU CONVENTION.
Officers Elected for the Current Year.
The Work Followed by a
Banquet.
The annual convention and banquet of
Sigma Nu were held last Saturday after
noon and evening. The following officers
were elected for the Eighth Division for
the current year: President, George.
Crothers of Stanford; vice president, John
S. Partridge of the University of Cali
fornia; secretary. Marvin Curtis of the
University of California, At the banquet
Maurice V. Samuels acted as toastmaster
and the following toasts were responded
to: John S. Partridge, "Wanted— Men
of Talent"; R. M. Simms, "Sigma Nu In
the South"; William H. Hollls, "Types of
Fraternity Men"; J. M.' O'Brien, "Society
and College Men ; P. W. Tompklns, "The
Fraternity First, Last and All Time.:
George Sohns. "The Co-eds at Palo Alto";
Billy Harrelson. "Hard Work as a Sol
vent of Difficulties"; "Pop" Yorke, "From
a Freshman's Point of View"; H. H.
Squires: "A Programme for Fraternity
Progress"; E. C. Hammer, "Sigma Nus
as Business Allies": Marvin Curtis,
"Keeping in Touch With the Fraternity":
J. R. Balrd, "First Year Out of College-
How it makes a difference": E. M. Wolf,
"Keep in Touch With Our Eastern Broth
ers": J. J. Egan, "Beta Chi Programme
for Progress ; W. M. Dickie. "House
Management a Matter of Business":
Frank Kiesling. "The Ladles"; Max Ros
enfeld, "Palo Alto Fraternity Reminis
cence": R. M. Loser, "The Bond Between
Beta Chi and Beta Psi"; W. C. Rogers,
"Lovemaking as a Fine Art."
LUCIA MOORE WILL
BE MRS. M'MURCHY
H. 8. Martin. D. C. Martin, Lewis F. By
fngton, Louis Nonneman, S. A. White,
Charles 11. Buck, Joseph B. Keenan,
David Wilson, J. F. Schroth. C. A. Hen
ry, O. H. Ferguson, F. G. Norman Jr., E.
P. E. Troy, J. F. Lyons, H. G. W. Dlnk
elspiel, T. B. Evans, J. W. Remfeld and
Percy V. Long. The board then organized
by the election of James D. Phelan as
president; Lewis F. Byington. vice presi
dent; Adolph Eberhart, secretary; First
National Bank, treasurer; Lewis F. By
ington, attorney for the board. The presi
dent named as standing committees those
who served during the past year, with
the exception of W; B. Hazle on the hall
committee, Henry J. Seltz being appoint
ed in his stead.
Those members of the board who failed
to attend meetings during the past year
were fined 60 centß eaph for each ab
sence, and this money will be used to pro
vide a banquet in April. ..."
WON HIS RIVAL'S LADY LOVE
AND WAS ROBBED THEREFOR
Peter Gramelli Gained a Sweetheart,
but Lost His Money and Was
Badly Disfigured.
Special Divpatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, March 13.— Because his
friend, Peter Gramelli, alienated the af
fections of his sweetheart at a dance
George Magettl, on the drive from ""the
festivity, chewed his rival's face and
hands and robbed him of $25 in coin.
The two men, who are both ranchers
of Novato, had been to a dance there and
Gramelli monopolized the attention of Ma
get ti's young lady for the whole even
ing. About half way home from the af
fair Magetti pulled a pistol on- Gramelli,
commanding him to throw up his hands.
He then rifled Gramelli's pockets of $23
and, still covering his victim, chewed him
till Gramelli became resentful, when he
threw him out of the buggy and drove
away. Magetti was arrested this morn
ing by Constable Louis Devoto of Nova
to and his preliminary hearing on the
charge of robbery and mayhem will take
place this evening. ¦ •
WARRANT FOR ARREST
OF RAILWAY OFFICIAL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, March 13.— A warrant
is out(for the arrest of Division Superin
tendent Schindler of the Valley road. He
13 charged with a misdemeanor arising
from an alleged violation of the Political
Code in removing private cars from here
which County Assessor Jameson had lev
ied upon to recover personal property tax.
Officer McKany is now in Stockton after
Mr. Schindler.
Since the first Monday in March As
sessor Jameson has been after, the pri
vate car lines. At first the owners would
put up a bluff, but would finally come
around and pay up. In some instances
cars were placed on a siding- and their
wheels chained to the track. Those that
Mr. Schindler removed were not thus
chained.
DESPERADO SURRENDERS.
John Craig, Accused of Murder, Gives
Himself "Op.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE, March 13.— John Craig,
the half-breed Indian desperado, who re
cently shot Martin Van Winklin, a promi
nent stock raiser, near Ciark3ville, and
who has since eluded arrest, despite the
fact that from eight to ten officers have
been searching tor him, to-day presented
himself at the Sheriff's office in this city
and submitted to arrest.
Craig was persuaded to adopt this
course by his sister. He denies that he
is guilty of the crime charged against
him, and has retained the Hon. Charles
A. Swisler to defend him. Craig had ter
rorized the west side of. the county, and
many whose lives he had threatened will
be thankful that at last he is behind the
bars. c *
WILL CONTEST BEGINS.
One and a Quarter Millions of Dollars
Is Involved. J-v*\.~''.v
UKTAH, March 15.— The celebrated W.
H. White will contest began this after
noon before Judge Mannon. It involves
the validity of the will of the late W. H.
White, proprietor of the Greenwood Lum
ber Company* wherein the deceased de
vised his estate, valued at $1,250,000, to his
widow. The contest was institued by Mrs.
Helen Paddock of Santa Rosa, sister of
the late W.H. White, who alleges men
tal unsoundness on the part of trie testa
tor. J. C. Campbell and E. B. Young of
San Francisco appear for the proponents,
and all the local talent is also engaged.
The case will take up a month. The jury
was secured to-day. \ -
CHARLES SCOTT DEAD.
Former " San Francisco Physician
Passes Away- at Chicago.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CHICAGO, March 13.— Charles Scott, 77
years old," a wealthy. doctor, formerly of
San Francisco, was taken suddenly ill and
died at St.- Luke's to-night.
¦¦ . - ...-¦; ? •
Join the Fruit Association.
Special Dispatch to The Call. . ... ,
GILROY. March 13.— A meeting of the
leading fruit growers of Gilroy Township
was held this . afternoon in this city for
the purpose of considering the proposition
of joining .the California Cured Fruit As
sociation.'-¦ Dr. Julius Koeblg of the Soils
Fruit Company was elected chairman and
George T. Dunlap, the fruit grower and
broker, secretary. - After considerable dis
cussion. George T. • Dunlap presented a
resolution, which was unanimously adopt
ed, to the effect that a committee of five
be selected to .represent the Interests of
the Gilroy growers in any negotiations
¦with the association.
The following committee was thereupon
named: George T. Dunlap. Dr. J. Koeblg,
James C. Zuck, Gus Lion and P. : H.
Cordes. At the meeting the fruit acreage
of Gilroy .Township was listed and found
to embrace over 3000 acres in bearing. I
Blue and Gold Manager.
BERKELEY, - March 13.— Henry Pixley
of the class; of- 'O2 of the University, of
California was elected business manager
of next year's Blue and Gold act the elec
tion held to-day. • - ffi»M'iiiiiiiim
PUBLIC WORKS BOARD
CALLED TO ACCOUNT
Addressed Upon the Subject of the
Shameful Condition of Van Nes3
Avenue by a Prominent
Citizen.
Bolld citizens are beginning to rise
against Phelan misrule and the supine in
competency of his servile boards, the
members of which look wise, record Phe
lan's will in making appointments and
straightway forget that they have a duty
to perform. While the city nightly floun
ders in darkness and thugs and sandbag
gers are thereby Invited to commit unlaw
ful and violent acts there are other condi
tions which are giving rise to general in
dignation. The streets were never in as
bad condition as they are now. Dirty, neg
lected, shamefully falling into ruin for
lack of Intelligent care on the part of the
Board of Public Works, the highways and
the very byways cry out against the
shortcomings of those who were to regen
erate the elty and brlns? about a muni
cipal millennium when the charter should
be put into effect. The facts are notor
ious. Every class of citizens has reason
to feel angry — storekeepers, teamsters,
pedestrians, in fact everyone, and a rod
is in pickle which will soon b«» sharply
Jaid upon the backs of Phelan office
hoWers.
Within tho past few days complaints
have been common concerning the shame
ful condition of Van Ness avenue. A com
munication has been addressed to the
Board of Public Works and the Superin
tendent of Streets by A. M. Speck which
voices the sentiments of many others on
the subject. The communication is as
follows:
To the Board of Public Works and
the Superintendent of Streets—Gentle
men: I respectfully desire to call your
attention to the frightful condition of
Van Ness avenue and the stone cross
ings in front of St. Ignatius and St.
Mary's churches and at Bush street
and Van Ness avenue.
The streets are in a shamefully neg
lected condition, and I trust you will
pive your immediate attention to
Fame, a? w*» have suffered a loss of
broken buggy springs in driving over
its erospinfrs.
This nuisance has b^en in existence
for years, and w*- truFt that no delay
will be occasioned in having same put
in a proper condition, this being- one of
the principal downftwn thoroughfares
for families, church p«^>ple and busi
ness men. Respectfully,
A. M. SPECK.
The same sort of complaint is made con
•ernin* the downtown business streets.
'Whpn," it is asked, "will the Board of
Public Works pay attention to the real
n*^*ds of th»> city, even if they have to
for*gr> the luxury of adopting so many
resolutions?"
This calls to mind that there is a certain
plafv? that is paved with good resolutions,
but it is not San Francisco, and all the
resolutions that the Board of Public
Works can adopt, good or otherwise, will
not patch even a crosswalk. The time is
ripe for a crusade on this subject, for the
public is fully aroused.
BERKELEY, March 13.— The stu
dents of the University of Califor
nia are going to put their whole
soul Into "University Week", at the
Grand Opera-house, beginning April 7. It
is expected that this week of university
minstrelsy and drama will not only clear
away the indebtedness that hangs over
the Associated Students, but will provide
the $1500 necessary to send the track team
East on its trip to compete with the great
Eastern colleges.
In order to make it a thoroughly busl-
The details of the minstrel performance
are still unperfected, but the cast for the
performance of the university play has
been fixed as follows: James Wobberts,
R. W. Tully; Tom Harrington, James
Bennett Southard: Reginald Black. Rea
Hanna; William Everett James,- Milton
Schwartz; Byron Harrington, Ralph
Fisher; Dan Davenant. John W. Butler;
Professor Smith, Charles D., Cobb: Nu
gata, D. Gordenker; Marrlan Davenant,
Sliss Jessie Bohall; Dulcie Harrington,
Miss Ella Viola Pattianl; Mrs. Wigginton
Wiggins, Miss Annie Holmes; Ruth
Thornton, Miss Ruby Morse.
nesslike affair, the students have ap
pointed a full staff from; the university,
who will handle the finances, the busi
ness, the staging of the plays, the music
and every portion of the work. Charles
E. Thomas has been selected as the gen
eral business manager for the affair, and
he will have the handling of the finances,
a most responsible duty. R. W. Tully will
be the stage manager and will have the
staging of his play. "James Wobberts,
United States Steamship Boston." W. H.
Schwartz will have charge of the min
strel performance, while C. R. Morse will
take charge of the music. '
"UN I VE RSITY WE EK" AT
THE GRAND THEIR CARE
PLAGUE SCARE HAS
WORKED ITSELF OUT
Chinese Satisfied to Remain In Their
,- Quarters and Not Flee From
Board ¦ of Health Mi
"• - ; : crobes. . "
: Chinatown has settled -to its natural
level, the exodus on account of the threat
ened quarantine has ceased, the plague
bacilli are. off"' on a > vacation and once
again the breath, of confidence is drawn
in the Chinese quarter.
For fear of finding "another chick who
can generate within himself the necessary
quantum of destructive germs, the district
where the Mongolian dwells is receiving a
slow but steady cleansing. The member*
of the Board of Health are beginning to
think that they have an Augean labor
ahead of them, but they will stay with
the task for a time.
Chief Sullivan has issued an order In
structing all policemen to visit the Chi
nese laundries on their beats, and in case
sickness is discovered to make an imme
diate report to the Board of Health.
Word came -last night from the Angel
Island stock farm— for scientific purposes
only— that the delayed death of the mon
key had arrived. The simian, who has
been fed on choice germ foods, bucked
against the treatment until to die was a
blessing, so he joined the majority with
a martyr's prayer.
DEATH OF A. MONK.
The following notice may interest
the members of the Board of Health:
DIED. ,
MONK— At the Angel Island buionic
germ stock farm March 13, 1900.
A. Monk; late of Chinatown, San
Francisco, and last surviving
member of the unfortunate inocu
lated menagerie of the Board of
Health. Death resulted after a
painful illness caused by lack of
food and water. Friends and ac
quaintances among the medical
fraternity in which Mr. Monk was
an object of deep interest and con
cern are respectfully invited to at
tend the funeral. The members
of the San Francisco Board of
Health will act as pallbearers, and
in consideration of the respect in
which they held the deceased they
are expected to wear crepe for
thirty days. His Honor James D.
Phelan, the Mayor of San Fran
cisco, will deliver the eulogy, in
which he will expatiate, it is an
. nounced,. upon the virtue of pos
sessing small things with which
to make great noises.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ,; MARCH 14, 1900.
CELEBRATED HIS
SILVER JUBILEE
AT ST. BONIFACE
Impressive Services and
Congratulations for
Father Neumann.
«
Th« Franciscan Father Is Attended
on His Twen£y-Fifta Anniver
sary by Many of the Noted
Local Clergymen.
Rev. Father Maximilian Neumann, O.
F. M., celebrated his diver jubilee yester
day at St. Boniface, with which church
he has been connected since his advent on
this coast in 1894.
Elaborate preparations had be**} made
for the celebration and the church was
beautiful with palms and flowers, while
th« altar was ablaze with many lighted
tai>ers. r
Father Max. as he is affectionately
Ftyie.l hy his parishioners, was ordained
in the famous Cologne Cathedral March
1», 1575. He came to California in Sep
tember. IS&4. and has continued since that
time rector of the church in which yester
day ho celebrated his twenty-five years of
priesthood.
Th* services srranped for the celebra-
Tlon began at 5:45 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. Father Neumann was the»celebrant
and he was assisted by Father Augustine,
O. F. M.. deacon: Father Philibert, O. F.
M.. sub-deacon: Father Pius of Sacra
mento, assistant priest; Father Vitalis of
the Indian Mission in Lake County, mas
xer of ceremonies.
Father S^raphine delivered the sermon
¥!«d ppoke eloquently on the "Dignity of
Priesthood."
Many noted clergymen, brothers and
laymen were present at the impressive
ceremonies, aad among those seated in
the fancnitry were: Father Raphael of
St. Anthonys, O. F. M. ; Father Lambert;
Father Fneden. S. J., of St. Ignatius;
Father Miller. S. J.. of St. Ignatius.
Father Klein, O. F. M., of Frultvale;
Father Chrysostcm, O. F. M., of Fruit
vale.
After the *erviee* Father Max distrib
uted the jubilee souvenirs and received
the congratulations of the community and
visiting clergymen. He then visited St.
Boniface Fch<x>l. where a programme of
reottations and music, prepared in his
honor, was presented. In the evening,
aft*>r the usual services, there was again
a distribution of the jubilee souvenirs.
and Father Max received the congratula
tion? of his parishioners.
9DR. NG TOY KEE, late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium, 704 Sacramento st.. cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases; and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
'advice free:, office houi-3, 10 a. m. to 12 m.
' 2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m. "
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
in confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
. flee. $5; any ailment: consultation free. 942
Post St.. between Hyde and Larkln. '
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. $5: safe and re-
liable: consultation free. 1122 Market st bet
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p!'m. "
DR. and MR3.;DAVIES, 122S. Market: ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated- late sclen-
tlflc methods; cure guaranteed: treatment, $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladies' speclal-
lst: jmaranteed treatment at efflce, $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st.; the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladles" specialist. Ills Market
st.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. and MRS. M." WEGENER-Private home
In confinement. ¦ 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR.' WONG HIM. herb doctor.. treats all dls-
;' eases of the human ; body. ,; 115 Mason St.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. • sent to • any - address -In th»
United States, postpaid, for »1 per year.
WANTED-^Lunch waiter at 258 First St.- *
STEADY," sober i man • as . partner <In ; saloon;
small; capital required. .130 Fourth st. ¦
CIGAR rollers wanted at 303 Eighth street.
RESPONSIBLE ' man ' as ' manager ;' salary $40;
-must have small capital.' Box 4500, Call office.
STRONG- boy I that has • worked .in 'wagon I shop
,-;:-. to help blacksmith. 1192 Folsom st. ¦¦.¦_ >
WANTED — Good lunch waiter In coffee house.
617 Montgomery st. ¦
WANTED— A young lady as bookkeeper: state
: experience,' leference and . salary desired.
¦ Address ¦ box ' 3027, ¦ Call office. v* *
WANTED— Young -girl to assist with light
housework and help ; in bakery. Call at 142
. Eleventh at. r : - ¦ .:¦'¦¦¦" .'-' ¦.¦<..'.
TAILORESSES wanted *¦ to work on custom
pants; pay high wages.. Rooms 301-302 Exam-
- lner building.,- third floor. • . -
800 OPERATORS on : ladles' and children's
• wear to take work h0me.. 723 Market St., r. 35.
EXPERIENCED , apprentice ,on custom coats.
. 035; Market: St., room 16. . .^'-' * .. ; ' -y . -.
YOUNG • girl ; for i general housework: ;• between
15 and 18; small family.' ls3o Grove st. ¦". ¦ '•:
WANTED— Good " starch " girls at i 790 Elizabeth
st., bet." Twenty-third | and ' Twenty-fourth.'
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The Weekly
Call. It paces, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for • $1.
postage paid.
COTTAGES WANTED.
FURNISHED modern cottase or flat 0f. 4 or 5
rooms for family of 3 adults; within 3 blocks
of Market and Larkin ste. Box 3005, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— 3I ALE. \
SCANDINAVIAN man about place; good gar-
dener, coachman, etc. ; best' references,' wishes
situation. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S
Sacramento et.
YOUNG man, experienced at bookkeeping j and
telegraphing, would . like • position where he
could make himself : useful. Addresa > D..~ 44
DOG HOSI'ITAL. , '
Third st.
DR~ BCZARD'S Doc Hospital, Post. FUlmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 CO; all
snlmali taeated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 631.
WANTED — Situation by young 'man; 21 years;
some, experience as . clerk -. and
-handy with tools; sober and obedient; 'good
references. Address C. H. L., 133 Gough st.
A 10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. 216 California st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 3SO Kearny st.. nr. Pino.
SAFES new and second-hand, all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. litt-Ul Market St.. San Fran.
DOMEST'C sewing machine: 7 drawers: plated;
. almost new: cheap. 1315 Mission st.. near 13th.
DR. CREELY*3 C. P. mange cure: by all drug-
*¦ gists, or Dog Hospital. £10 Golden Gate aye.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers: plated:
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission st.. near 15th.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher: i
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
BOILERS, engines, drill prepays, planes. lathes,
• Iron A wood: 2.1-tmml. J. BURK~:. m B<»«1».
MI3CKLJ,A>_;oi;S \VA.\T9. ~~
/WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash.. H L. WHITKHTT.An. 17lft Market «t.
OFKICKS ; AXD STOKES— TO I_ET.
HI— TO let; sunny store; counters and shelving
and 2 living rooms. . 1008 Natoma. near Uthl
$20— STORE: J show-windows and 5 large rooms:
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st. ¦
WANTED— Bootblack i for ¦ barber shop, i corner
¦ Sutter and "Jones sts. : Call S a. m. to-day.
EXPERIENCED bootblack ,. wanted; boy;. s6 a
< week. . 648 Washington at. V ¦ ¦ \ •
WANTED— Boy between 15 and 17 years of age
to work In ¦ restaurant. ; 228 Kearny st.
WANTED— A' smart lunch waiter at 710 Kearny
street." ¦ .v '- ¦ y^Sg^WII BVWMSMHHBWii— BjWBM
COLLECTION OFFICES
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charts* un-
le»» »urces«ful. Room S10. "Kl Market «t.
GOOD barber wanted. 1759 Union st.
THOROUGHLY competent lady stenographer
with typewriter desires permanent uostlon.
Address X. A. M.. Call Branch, 1096 Valencia,
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper;
city or country. 1006 Tennessee st. '.-> •'¦ : : ¦¦:-''
WANTED— Engagements to show best bust de-
veloper known: living testimonials to Indorse
all I claim; also scalp and hair treatment;
references If desired. Box 4434, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 nl_ht; $1 so to $8
week, convenient -and respectable; free ;,"bus
ami baccate to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call hranch of nee, 2200 Flil more.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
mibscrlptions has been established at 10W Va-
lencia st. ¦¦ .i ¦ ¦. ;'.-¦¦ - :. ¦
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subncriDtlons has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 P. m. ';. .
»4»ft- SALOON with J living rooms; fine trade.
OH at Llqusr Deaieru" Journal. i3S}4 Cail-
:crr.ia rt.. room 1. >.-..
BAKiJAlN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. E3J"-4 California st.. rocm 1.
FINK rrocery and bar: etock worth money
t!fk*-d; b;E ca?h trade; 44 years' lease. PaciOo
States Realty Co.. HA Market St.. room 32a
A— PARTNER with J2SSO in utab'.lshed import-
ing bi!f!n«-ts: will clear at least $6(X(0 yearly.
Pacific Statci I'.fcalty. SSS Market tU. room 220.
KEAL eotat^. city or country, in any State
in the Union, tnld and exchanged on commia-
«lon; a£sr>c:at» offices In New York and Chi-
cago; siPtlir.c hu£in<?ts propositions of all
kinds. BUNSET REALTY INVESTMENT
( ¦(>. :;: Examiner build!n_. '^WflBH
AN enerp«?tic tr.nn not afraid of work with $115
trs.a get p»rmani»nt posltfam; come prepared to
so to work. BRIDGES, !<27 "Market et., r. 816.
A GREAT saerifk*-: -corner grocery; ¦ death
cauf* salr. COWING _; CO., "IS Market »t.
Fun sale— Good -paying restaurant on account
of partis leaving th» city; rent paid until
April 10. Inquire at 12 Washington 6t.
FOR SALE— First -«•! ass grocery store; on ac-
count cf. rlckness. Inquire at KL'HL
POHWAUKE A; CO.. cor. Kearny and Sutter.
J7"O— SELECT rooming house; S room*, all full;
«>l<-pantiy and newly furnished: investigate;
permanent roomers. 417 Golden Gate aye.
VICE home bakery; Rood trade and everything
oorr.plt-tt. Apply 403»5 Van Ness aye.; sood
chance; call at once
FOYI SALE— A fine downtown route; this
;j^;jer; in business eectlon. Apply Call efflce.
GOOD paying nice buelness: small capital re-
quired. Box 3C16. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS designer on ladles* underskirts
and children's wear; good salary; permanent.
Address box 3023.' Call office.
A FINE suit. $10: dress pants, $2 75. BROWN
BROS.. Clothing. 437 Montgomery st.
A 5 11. P. double cylinder marine gas engine,
almcat new; complete. 616 Mission st.
10.000 FEET new rubber belting, half price.
ROBT. BRAND ft CO.. 527 Third St.. Oakland.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st,
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engagements
by the day. Address 837 Howard 'at. :
GOOD French-German cook wishes : situation.
Call or address New Golden Gate Hotel, 134
Fourth et. . • '
AN experienced dressmaker and ladles' - tailor
desires work by the day in families or at
home; aleo evening dresses and shirt waists;
terms reasonable. 1127 Ellis St. ¦ • ¦
CASH registers, second-hand, of every de-
scription bought sold, exchanged and re-
paired. 1309 Mission St.. bet. Ninth and Tenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPL.
933 Market St., San Francisco.
MKDA HOPKINS, 1423 Mkt., bet. ICth & 11th—
Cir. Mon. S p. m.. Thur. 2 p.m.. 25c; sit, dally.
''NAPOLONAC Scientific Developing Circle at
222 Eddy *t. to-night; upstairs; 25c admission.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c.
CHESTER CARLETON. magnetic healer and
massage treatmt. 1352 Market, rms. 27 and 28.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth Bt., r. 12.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, teet. business
medium. Ilf» reader; sitting $1. 1104 Market.
MME. MARQUISE, medium, has removed to 5
Hyde Ft-, reading and treatments dally.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer,
W0 Elite St.: circle Bun. and Wed. evenings.
ARNOLD, Dickaon, Klve everybody testa to-
nlrht; 10c; Fittings, 25c. tOc. 14$ Sixth, room 1.
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. PHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212% Sixth st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c M 4 Howard
s_. 14 a m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. ELLIS— Tei-ts to all; circle Tues.. Frt.. J
p. m. : Mon.. 8: 25c: Fittings $1. 233 Valencia.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; businea*
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 36c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CKEAPEBT and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent to any addrees In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
poftxre paid. •
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1332 Market at.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
. etc. WHITELAW. H« Sp«ar st.
A WAITRESS and parlor maid for San Mateo;
references required; see lady at 10:30 a. m.
MRS. LAMBJ3R.T, 418 Powell St.
GIRL wishes position at general housework:
wogos $20. £28 Clementina st.; no. postals.
GIRL wishes a position as an assistant In an
office. 1110 York at.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do upstairs
work and sewing. Box 3025. Call office.
GERMAN wlehes position to do washing and
housecleaning. 15S South Park st.
GASOLINE engines; marine and stationary:
second hand; guaranteed; all sizes. NEWELL
BROS.. 140 First St. - '
COOK and second girl, same house $25 and $20;
second girl, $20; cook, Menlo Park. $30; mid-
dle-aged woman light housework. Berkeley.
$20; Uouseglrl. two In family. $25; housekeep-
er. $10; old woman I light work, $10. MRS.
DENTAL chair (Morrison's): complete; good
order. Apply r- 35. 1115 Broadway. Oakland.
CAPE NOME houses for sale; 12xl« feet. $150:
16xtO feet. $200. Apply to the Humbol.lt
Lumber Company. Third and Washington
sts.. Oakland. C.tl.
NOTICE is hereby given that I will sell at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash,
lawful money -of the United States, on
WEDNESDAY, the 14th day of March. 1900. at
11 o'clock a. jtl, at Sullivan & Doyle's, 32
Sixth St., city and county of San Francisco.
. ONE HORSE, the property of S. JACOBS,
pledged to P. G. SOMPS.
(Signed) P. O. SOMPS.
SULLIVAN A DOTLE. Auctioneers.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Woman for kitchen work In Insti-
tution. $25; chambermaid* and waitress.. $20;
4 restaurant .waitresses, $5. $6^ ,5 hotel wait-
resses. $20; 4 second girls. $15, $20; house girl.
2 In family, $25, nice place; nurse girls, $20:
4 cooks. German style, $25. $30: 75 German and
Irish and neat Scandinavian house girls. $20,
$25. $30. J. F. CROSETT CO.. 316 Sutter St.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO.
2610 Sutter; 6 r $20120*5 Post: 10 r $47 50
731 Thirteenth: 7 r. 201524 Shotwell: 8 r.. 25 00
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM
JANANKE KENDRICK. palmist and card
reader and clairvoyant: will tell your past,
present and future, locate your disease and
t^ll you how to get well of It: lAc and 23c;
hours from Uto » p. m. 118 Sixth st.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
forunte teller; gives best advice In difficult
matters. Removed to 19 Fulton St.. nr. Larkln.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader and palmist: all
you t.eek to know answered without qu«-stlons;
readings this week 25c and 50e. 842 Mission.
MME. MOREAU, the beet medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st-, near Mission.
AT 335 McAllister: grand test seance by six
noted mediums to-night: 10c.
HOUSES— —LODGING— To Let.
TO let— House of 9 rooms and bath; on Bu-
chanan, near California. Inquire of W. H.
CRIM. lIS Montgomery st. ¦
BUSINESS CUANCES.
JI4OO CORNER grocery etore and bar. with I
livli.- rooms, kitchon and cellar; rent $45:
rilac-. established for 30 years; next to the
leadl-jg brewery of this city; a mint. Call
H. G WILKE. SC-S Market et.. room S.
A— $1S'"»; CORNER saloon; established many
y«*rs a^jj (j.-nng a rushing business; choicest
local| on . O nly 2 blocks north of Chronicle
bulliiEX- r*nt $75; owner going East. Call
R. li. WILKE, 306 Market st.
A— Pin- CTFEE saloon and restaurant; 1 bloc_
frtk- corner Powell and Market sts.: rent $49;
daily receipts $<": 3 living rooms. See R, G.
w iLKE. v>o6 Market ¦_
$80— 11-room house. 127 Second si
FINE Fischer & Steinway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary fi.
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS
BEGLXAH $1 SO boys' shoes, all sizes 95 cts
Regular Jl 25 ladies' oxford tlee 85 cts
Ch'ldr»n s kid. lace or button, sizes 8 to 11.75 a
Profit" s Shoe Store. 1303 Stktn, nr. B'dway.
tOO PAIRS drummers' sample chocs at manu-
fa'-tur»T> cfwt. J. Knh!b*ch«r. 145 Fourth n.
AN Englishwoman wishes work by the day;
references. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
COMPETENT second girl desires 'situation:
good searciFtreßs: best of references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter Ft.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
cTrTh AN SEN~&~Ca TT. .TpHONhTgR ANT~IBJ
...HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress. Santa Monica. $20. free fare; 2
. waitresses, Hanford. $20;. 2 waitresses. Gait,
$20, see party here; waitress, mining town,
fare htre. »20: waitress, . La throp. $20; 2 res-
taurant waitresses, San Jose, $20 and found;
chambermaid to wait, country, $20: 2 cham-
bermaids to wait, city, $20; 3 chambermaids,
first-class city hotel. $15; dishwasher. $25;
pantry girl. $25 to $30; fancy lroner, resort,
$25. •». -
¦ ..FAMILY ORDERS
Cook. American family. $25; 2 cooks, under-
standing German cooking, $25; house' girl.
Oakland. $25. nice place; house girl on ranch.
$20: cooks, Santa Clara, Alameda, San Rafael,
$25. $20; house Birl.Courtland^ $16. fare paid;
house girl. Mill Valley, $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
HOOKS NEW AND OLD.
fCHOCL BOOKS boucht and exchanged.
Hr«— -f* TWV f> . 38* M'"'"ti «t.. near Thtrd.
PIANO cheap and « rooms of furniture; must
be sold: no dealers. 2810 A H-ward st.
s STEIVWATS, 2 Chtckerings, 1 Sommer. 1
Vose & Sons: 5 Helnes: store cpen evening*.
HEINE PIANO MFQ. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
SPIRITUALISM.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED; — FEMALE.
SWEDISH girl, excellent cook; 4 years' refer-
¦ ences: also Swedish second girl, 10 years last
place. Address or telephone MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter at. -'.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
8.-«t b<-lp 414U O'Fiirr»tl »t. : t*l. F.««t *n.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, CJiinese employment
office; best help fur.: cooks, waiters, • etc.
Chfts Aramorl. 80«% Stockton; tel. John 2121.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes bert laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
ROOMING HOUSES
LODGING HOUSES
HOTELS .."
. . ..FLATS AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM 3 to 250 ROOMS: PRICES $50 to $20. W0
23 rooms: on Market; worth $1200 $SOO
10 rooms: on Mason; payments 450
65 rooms; on Buah St.; clears $250 2SOO
-- 3 rooms and bath: elegant flat 325
30 rooms; on Kearny; grand bargain 2000
36 rooms; on Market; payments ISOO
CO 40 and 125 rooms: boarding house.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
BELGIAN HARES. 1
LOOKING FOR BELGIANS?
High-bred, rar.cy ireaturea from prize win-
ners m Knt-lar.d an<s Ami-rlci; heavy-weights
Bnd fan--y jw»dlEr«~-d ptock. Then corresp.-.n.l |
¦with or visit PJTTOCK'S BELGIAN HARE I
RAUBITIIY. Elnihun-t. Cal. (Sir Britain and j
other choice bucks at Ftud.)
UOAKUING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILD to car* for: mother's care given: no
otht-r children. Inquire 1003 Wafchlngton St.
"WANTED— Boy or pirl to board, 8 to 14 years;
private family. Ul2 Mist-ion SU
MOTHER'S care given an infant or small
chiM: no ether children. Add, box 3019. Call.
'"WANTED— email child to board: best of care;
corvi home. 3CS Fell Ft. j
nOARD~ANI) ROOMS WANTED.
"W VXTED— Kxim and board for couple with j
child 4 years old; muft be sunny: house with I
tome gyr-un^s preferred. Box 3>29. Call office. ,
lIATII CABINETS— THERMAL.
R<~>B7NSON" $5 4-panel folding: see it before
buyinjr. W. S. BROWN. Coast Airt.. 426 Kills.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
DRESSMAKER— HeIp and apprentice wanted.
1207H Bush st.
t2o"o<X> TV -urns to suit: security, improve!
*£_£_«: wuHay 8 to 10 per cent -<°/ _: _ °'
5 years; write particulars. Address Money.
box 38, Call office. _________-__-__-—
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 P. m. -
FINANCIAL.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements «£ d
subscriptions baa been established at Nwe Va-
lencia st. ______
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. X 4 Post St.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new SO- page catalogue free.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech.,
survey ass-ay, cyanide, arch.; day and eve.;
J ft . 3m. VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933
Market st. "
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; rree
•bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lEK.pinUnr. 11l Post, over O'Connor & Mnffat.
TO salaried men. without collateral or lndoi~er;
S2ST SSd^
AGK.NTS WANTED.
CHEAT opportunity for fin-t-cla«s agents; ex-
oellrjU proposition with guud and quick re-
turns: investigate this money-winner. 721-
7:3 Ho war .1 tt^
AGENTS— Contra, Costa, Alaxtreda. San Joaquln
end Stanislaus: mon»-y in this; investigate.
CLARK. ISI Nineteenth ft.. Oakland.
AGENTS— Waut managing agent for Fresno,
Tu;are K»*rri and Kinu* counties: money in
this-. HEKRICK. 1417 Brui«h Bt.. Oakland.CaJ.
LADIKS — Airentu: eomething new. 602 Geary
t-t.. £:ir Vrav.rifcn. ,
ASTHOLOtIY.
l*l;f">F * MASERT cf Egypt, greatest astrolo-
rlet ana palmist In the world: eatlsfactloo
ru«rart»d 427 Oolflen Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
APVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private:
no fee without ruccess; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 600 Market, cor. Stocktn.
JLDVXCE 'H?*: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market *_. opp. Mason.
F H. MEKZHACH. xttorney at law. ha* re-
turned practice at 503 Cal. tt.. Clunle bldg.
L P CLARK. Krr.-m «=preckel« bldg.. 927 Mar-
krt Ft.: coryu'tatlcr free: no feet In advance.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 338 Parrott bulU-
lnl-Men can secure loans on personal note.
PARISIAN dressmaking. SB7 Geary st.: dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect flt.
ON furniture, pianos. -^^^J^SaM-J?
commission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister
IT your property is mojtßg* _E d J_2L t ?*^
more money see H. SaURPHY. 633 Market n.
miESSMAKEUS ANO SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
K. F. Dresf-Ttiaklntf. LadteV Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. »05 Van Ness.
ISO TO $ia000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg«
nroDOsiUon. DRYDEN, 413 Montgom^r.
TrP.UA BUENA Lodge No. 15. .s^*-S£?V-
I. O. O. F., will have double J&
initiation ar.d refreshments "==s2S>s>»
THURSDAY. March 15. -%«»•>>
J. D. SCHLOEN. N. G.
J. OHLEEN, Rec. Sec
ANXI'AL meeting— Tbe annual meeting of the
Ftockfiolders cf the Western Sugar Ref.nlng
Company will b- held at the office of the
company, T27 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal..
m MONDAY, the :6th day of March. ISOO. at
the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come liefnre the meeting. Trans-
fer books will clc-se on Friday, March 16. IVOO,
at li m. ¦ W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S, 16 Steuart at.
OLD gold bought: money loaned on ev-ry ie .
scrtptlon of collateral. Coleman's. 506 Ktaray.
ifftvrr loaned on furniture, pianos, £_>
mondl. etg. BRIDGES. 927 Market, room 313.
CAEH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorsed MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
MIDDLE-AGED man would like a situation as
foreman or timekeeper over men or teams or
to drive and exercise horses; no objection to
country. United States Hotel, room 91. 123
Eddy st. : . v ;,;
ACTIVE elderly man would like to get situa-
tion in any capacity, city or country: a good
cook for small place. Box 3018, Call.
PENTERS.
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per « ent = fl ««.
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
?n^sta ™leTacles. corporation loans, etatw
moragages: confidential: ad-rlce free. O E.
OLSEnT room 16. first floor. Chronicle btd S .
MOST reliable placeto
--itches iewelrr W. J. HESTHAU 10 Slxtn;
highMt'prtcVfTr old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
piano™ no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny st. room 9, respectable private
A place to borrow on "a"hes. diamonds; lowest
rates; take . elevator. Tel. Davis 99».
ON furniture and pianos without removal; qu!c*
service- money direct: lowest interest. Rooms
ST-nd I 63 °Pono--« building. 1170 Market »t.
rvM real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and en
furniture or planoa: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 28 Montgomery.
LOAN'S to salaried people: E*" 0 "* 1 »«curity
only. TOUSLEY. 321 Parrott building.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH LorfS*- No. 44. F. and «
A M.-Meetinn THUS .WEDKESDAI) J\,
£££ ING - £ido:° jmgkH.
Si J? THIS* &_g «,
ING 7:30 o'clock. Third Uocree. JLJ\
GEOIUiH PENLINGTON, Sec'W'
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. •
M. -Special mooting THIS (WEDNES- _/\_
DAY) EVKNING. March 14, at 7:30 J!LJ\
o'clock. Firft degree. ' w '
THi;O. E. SMITH. Secretary.
$SCO WILL buy a good paying office and lm-
I>orUng business that will pay at least $1000
per year; reason for selling, have to leave
the Ptate on Important business: have $.000
worth of stock on hand; staple Roods; half
cash and half In one year to the right party;
investigate and see for yourself. Address
box 3012. Call office. -- ''-' '
GOOD tailor wanted. 620 Kearny St.. first
floor, room 1. _¦
WANTED— Situation by young man to taks
care of horses; gardener; good driver. Box
4477. Call office. ? - : ¦¦
MONEY TO* -,OAN.~~
r~~^^^nTaTTper^enTTlSt; 2d and 3d mort-
?a>e* undivided interest, real estate in pro-
f£f£ mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
i«*«TmytfrmB before doing guslness else-
wherf. r! McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. i.
fi PER cent and up on second mortgages, un-
' d^vided C Tnte"sts. -estate, and |tol». ta pr>-
bate and monthly rents. A. M. -FECK A
CO.. 667 Market st.
IICSINESS CHAKCES-Continned.
A $C5O -
PARTNER REQUIRED ••
for flrst-clcss dining-room in large city hotel;
center of traffic; elesant appointments; op-
portunity for man seeking stood proposition.
STENBERG CO.. 033 Market St.
A— sMoo; CORNER srrocery. with elegant ap-
pointments; full stock of choice groceries,
delicacies, cigars and liquors in bulk; the lo-
cation is Al. beln_ rteht in the heart of the
city; Including new delivery wagons and
fine horses; chance seldom onVred; trial will
convince; If you desire this kind of business
don't delay investigation, as owner is gelling
on account cf other business: receipts average
$2000 per month. STENBKRG CO.. 835 Mkt st.
SALOON for sale in a fine central location; has
5. family rooms connected; a barga.n- muet De
sold on account of sickness. Particulars from
J. E. BLINKEY & CO., 1 Fifth st. ¦->--.
COACHMAN and man about place— By smart,
active,- respectable, middle-aged man. Ad-
... dress -Winchester Hotel, room 625. < ;
'medicated baths.
T»k CONANTS Compound Vapor Bath— Pnri-
£. .hi blood- destroys disease germs: pro-
, fies th " "'fr^-ttauzes: saves Ufe and doctor
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Cook and stewards to call **^*!i
rine Cooks' and Stewards' Association. 6
Sacramento St.. room 2. .
BAR fixtures for eale at « bargain. EIS Jack-
con et., corner Montcoraery aye.
BARBER wanted for 6 days a week; steady
WANTED— Experienced • hands, also appren-
itices, on- gentlemen's neckwear. L. S. BAM-
TER & SON, 518 Market st.
BOY In plumbing and tin shop; aged 16; apply
• 7 and 9. * E33 Mission st. - ' .
WANTED— Good starchwork ironers at 790
Elizabeth st.,- between Twenty-third and
WANTED-A neat, reliable nurse girl; care of
. two children; 'references; wages $15. 527
•Baker;st. ¦-¦¦-...¦; .'¦ '=:-.:,. ?' . ¦¦-¦<:
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework ;
wages $10. 12 Hartford st.. off Eighteenth,
WANTED— Bushelmen. Apply S. N. WOOD
: & CO.. 713 Market st. ¦
WANTED— MiddIe-aged or elderly woman for
general .housework; good home; wages rea-
BRASS polishers and buffers for chandelier
work. Apply superintendent THOMAS DAY
CO., 725 Mission st.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GoTSBwTNTThe wsf-known ladles' physt-
dan. fomvrly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; ruaranteed
treatment A: safe and reliable cure In one
day: 15 yeaiV* successful practice In S. F.;
maternity hoAne: low fees. . 1007»i Market st
DR. G. W. ODONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
. home; consultation f ree :• success guaranteed
Write or call at 1023^4 Market st. -
WANTED— Young man, 18 to 25, tend home,
cow,, garden, chores in, Golden Gate;- wapres^
$10 and found. Call 4 p. m., 435 Parrott >*Tg.
BAHOAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
Lutings; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
lotas— L IZS\ California et., room _
A GERMAN nurse- 'for Burllngamo: gruwu
children: $25; see lady at •10 a. m. MRB.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell St.:
ACTIVE partner wanted In a first-class quartz
• mine; no experience ¦ required, but good
¦tool sharpener preferred. Call or address M.
SPRINGER. 115 Eighth St., city.
A— COLORED nurse girl; 1 child; $1!; sleep
home., MISS CULLEN. 3J5 Sutter st.
WANTED— French valet and butler, $40, for
batchelor's establishment; two broilers, $45
and $50; S cooks, *$20;, waiters, dishwashers,
etc J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— Gardener . and wife. $50; man. and
wife "for private family, Bhort distance, $60;
farmer and wife on fruit farm. $56; old man
to care for place, ?5 and found; man and
wife for family work. Alameda County, $50;
fruit farmer and wife, small place. $35 and
Increase. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
A COLORED cook. $35. boarding-house, city.
MISS CULLEN, 525 Sutter St.
WANTED— OiI well driller: one who under-
stands his business: good place; $5 a day and
found. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento et. •¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦
A PLAIN lroner, San Mateo, v s2s. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter at. ¦ ¦
WANTED— House In Western Addition. 8 to 10
rooms: $5000 to $10,000; state location, price.
' terms and when built. Address box 3007. Call.
9 ROOMS: rear entrance: good to rent rooms;
nicely furnished. 313& O'Farrell. near Mason.
WANTED — A position to take care of an in-
valid or do light housework. 19% Moss St.,
rear.
RESPECTABLE woman would like a position
as housekeeper or would cook for men in
country. 'Address box 3028. Call office. •
SWEDISH girl wants general housework and
cooking; wa^es $25. 2C6 Tenth st; at Swedish
Baptist Church.
GERMAN woman wants place In restaurant or
lunch house over lunch hours, or boarding-
house. Call or add. 264 First St., nr. Folsom.
REFINED German, is a good cook and house-
keeper, wishes position In a refined small
family. Address 32814 Tenth st.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes a place to do light
housework or care of children. 2820 Twenty-
fourth st.
WE PAY
"£SKi^j^ga>ra^ c?ay% n -
WANTED— Butter maker and milker, $35; 3
milkers. $30; laundryman for Institution, $35;
nursery man. $25; engineers' addresses; driver
for family and wait on table. J25; laborer,
nice place. $2 a day. fare $8; drillers. $2 a
day near city; woodsmen, tie makers, etc.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
WOMAN wants a situation to do general
houpework, or to work by the day. Call at
A— M"»: SALT-ON. with 3 living rooms; rent
*°7 GO; Valencia st.; sood business; bargain,
k G. WILKE. 906 Market et.
"A^sioo; CORNER grooery and bar; vicinity
Plxth and Howard sts.; living rooms; good
business; cheap rent. Call R. G. WILKE.
su< Market st,
f _-j;7i CORNER saloon on Montgomery sc;
' rr.urt b* said to-day. R. G. WILKE. &0«
M a rfcei Et.
A— RW- SALOON and lunchhouse; between fac-
tones and lumber-yards: dally receipts $15;
rent $20; a snap. R. O. WILKE, iO6 Market.
A— s27so; FIRST-CLASS paying corner grocery
and bar on Turk St.; place established many
v»-arß- stock all fresh; good horse and wagon;
« living roon-.y; rent $50. Call R. G. WILKE.
9 f < M-rket et.
tr/l-I'ARTXEK wanted; light, well-establlsh-
(*l Indoor business; will ua.y over $75 per
month r-aeh. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777H
Market street.
fa iO— SHOESTORE and repair shop; sickness
cause of tale. McLAUGHLIN &. CO.. 777*
Market tt.
JCiO— CORNER saloon: north of Market St.
Mclaughlin & co.. 7T7h Market st.
FRUIT STORE FOR PALE
GOOD PAYING BUSINESS
Best location in the city
Fine bargain; see it to-day. DECKER, 1020
• Market. ¦ .¦• -•¦
COOKS for Cape Nome, see party here, 11 a.
m. to-day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED— GirI for general housework, Gllroy,
$25 fare paid: Klrls for general housework,-
for Belvedere. $25; Alameda, $25: second girl
and laundress. $25: chambermaid and wait
one meal, $18; 60 splendid situations for
housework, $20 and $25. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. .
YOUNG woman wishes position as upstairs
jrirl with time for 2 hours' study dally and go
to nlpht school: references. Inquire for MISS
LAWRENCE, 1518 Pine St.
YOUNG lady, graduate of the Standard square-
Inch tailor system, desires position with
wholesale clothing house to do cutting and
fitting. Address box 2730, Call office, Oakland.
LADY of refinement wishes pcaltlon as com-
panion and nurse to Invalid lady, or as house-
keeper: best of references. Box 3024, Call.
A— 2 FIRST-CLASS French second girls desire
situations; best of ref. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter at.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. ns McAllister «t.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMJTZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
iIULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
BIISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH St WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1083 Mlaston st.
NICE furnished 10-room house, cheap. Inquire
1151 Howard st.
W G BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
CON'OVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
Warerooms, ISIS Market .st. ¦
DOVT buy; rent a new piano, $3 per month.
SCOTT-C&RTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
COLORED housegirl, good cook, $20; also a
Swedish houseglrl. strong and willing, $15.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
W E CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture. carr»'ti«. 757 Ml««lon: tel. R»d 3353.
LODGING-HOUSE BUYERS, ATTENTION!
Genuine bargains: honest value: money
loaned buyers; no FAKE . prices' advertised.
Before buying go to SCHWEINHARD & CO.,
room 2. 917 Market St., opposite Mason.
A— SNAP; 28 furnished rooms and bath: cheap:
owner leaving city: no agents. 420 Sixth st.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
ail diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis.
rheumatism, all rkln diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of th.; whole slope.
WRITE
If yoa cannot call, for thousands- upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mail is
alwaya euccessfu l and satisfactory, and all
correspondence is kept Eacredly confidential.
Addrees or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061
Etventb aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Taie S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get eff at Clinton Station, 2d station from
Broadway. ¦
CHAS LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. : telephone Jessie 781.
FURNITURE AY ANTED.
A FEW clanos will be sold for storage at auc-
tion prices; dirt cheap for cash. WILSON'S
Storage. 1710 Market st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
7 ranire Klnir Furnttur* rv> . : 127-1131 Mnrket.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reauced to insure prompt Mies.
W. C. HAMILTON. C 4 Post st.
ELEGANT furniture of. 7 rooms; separate
pieces or as a whole. 1235 Golden Gate aye. I
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 428 Powell, near Sutt-r: tel. Black 1321.
FURNITURE for sale of a 12-room house. 21S
Fulton st. '
7 ROOMS near City Hall, rent $28 175
12 rooms, clean, large, central 400
29 rooms, full. 4 blks N Market, rent $90... 1000
ICO r. : 10c beds; rent $50; money coiner 1500
46 rooms, fine, splendid every way 2100
- M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
25 rooms: $400 cash; Market st $700
40 rooms; rent $100; good furniture 1750
63 rooms; rent $100; money maker 1200
105 rooms; corner; clears $200; only 1300
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post Bt. ; telephone Bush 135.
SHORTHAND tausht personally and by mall
lancunees. Mlfn M. G. Barrett. 302 MontKy
CLASSES in German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
CHESTNUT. 733, above Taylor— 6 rooms and
bath; large yard; fine marine view.
ELEGANT sunny flat: 4 rooms, bath. 645 "Wil-
low aye., near Laguna st.
IF you want to move set printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NICELY furnished upper fiat, 5 r.; bath piano.
fine marine view. 1061 Broadway, nr. Jones.
NINETEENTH. 3980, near Noe— Lovely sunny
lower 6-room flat, with room on porch; $18:
water free. •__ ¦
6 SUNNY rooms. $14: also cottage. 4 rooms,
near Mall dock. Key at 623 Second st.
IK—WORTH $18: flat, 6 rooms, bath. 1417 Pa-
ciflc St.. near Hyde.
FLATE TO LET— FURNISHED.
NEWLY furnished flat: . T large rooms and
bath: modern conveniences. Apply 1445 Mc-
AUlster St. -
FLAT of 4 rooms; will rent furnished or fur-
niture sold cheap. Apply 3641 Twenty-fourth
¦ et., near Guerrero. '
FLAT of 6 rooms, nicely furnished; rent rea-
sonable. 35 Turk St.. near Taylor. .
BIRCH AYE.. 6 — « rooms and bath; nicely fur-
n««h<»il.- ¦ . - ¦¦¦¦»¦->'¦!-.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms:
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
bugKy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. CO5 G. G. ay.
HORSE, harness and business buggy. 1035 San
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, srrammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
WANTED— Bay horse about 1300. Call 35 Eddy
street.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty
engroMinr: Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARE you In need of a piano? We have a laxg*
assortment of new and second-hand piano* of
the beat maksrs; sold for caeh or very easy
payments: $6 down and $8 per month for an
elegant new upright: some good pianos fcr
$3 $4 and $3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
&' CO. Stelnway dealers, corner Sutter and
Kearny sts.. San Francisco: corner Thirteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. »-.:-»..r ¦ ¦¦ ¦ -
FINE horse for business buggy; stands with-
out hitching: 8 years old; $40. 4054 Twenty-
sixth st.; no dealers need apply.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $50: send for catalogue.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission; vlolln.guitar.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore.
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done; superior post-
graduate course: rapid calculations. -TARR.
expert "accountant. Flood building.
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurse «rirl for boy a years old; must do sew-
¦ Ing. 997 Golden Gate aye.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech.,
survey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day and eve.;
est. 1564. Van der Naillen School, 933 Market.
A GREAT SALE OF
- - PIANOS
PIANOS
Entire Stock of
HAMILTON-BANCROFT OCX
Conststin. of
HAIN__J BROS.'
BUSH A GEHTS,
AND OTHERS.
PRICES FROM $50 UPWARD.
SNAPS FOR BUYERS.
BYRON "MAUZY.
308-310-313 POST ST.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
FLATS TO LET.
BEATUIFUL new 5- room sunny flat; porcelain
tub. 6 Chelsea place, off Bush, bet. Stockton
CAPITAL furnished on first-class mining pro-
position. F. H. MORSE. 150 Naawau St.. N.Y.
WAITRESS wanted. 608 Seventh st.
STRONG, active girl at St. Nicholas Laundry.
Seventeenth and FoUom sts.
A FEW hundred more sewing machine operat-
ors will find work In Levl Straues & Co. s fac-
tory 324 Fremont st. MR. DAVIS, foreman.
MONEY WANTED.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. Attor-
neyn, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m. •
FURNISHED rooms, 75c, $1. $1 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN. 614 Fourth St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER SCHOOL, 741 A Howard st.
OHIO Dental Parlore. Inc.: 8 rraduate opera-
tors: opon evenings and Sundays. Br.O Market.
EHOE shop for sale. 316 Gough st., near
Hayt-a.
EHOE shop: good location; fine business. Box
300 C. Call office.
A SAIX>ON for sale cheap: located In the
Potrero. Apply on premises. 1543 Kentucky.
WORKING partner; opportunity seldom of-
fer»d. Room 35. 1926 Market et. .
NEW bakery or laundry; S-can milk wagon; t-
eeated sprlnsr wagon; 3 grocery or delivery
wacons. 12 Cortland aye.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
shoeing business: 15 years present location;
cheap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
A SALOON for bale in Kood location. Apply on
premises, 1608 Valencia st. ¦
SALOON, with property, stock and fixtures for
pnl<»: opposite dfpot. warehouses and lumber
yard in Paao Robles, Cal. Addrees JOHN
G ENOEL.
COMPANY promotion Is our specialty: we at-
tend to «-verythlne complete; charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.&1.C0.. 220 California St.. r. 5-7.
PARTNER In prlntto«r business: a pood man;
experience not necessary. 344 McAllister st.
ROCTE of M 4 papers on this paper for »»le.
Box-C. Oakland Pcstofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL jfc CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at ira Polk tt.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrtptions has been established at 1026 Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weeklj
Call. 16 paXes, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1,
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting:
to Nto: 662 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
$350— GROCERY, bar and lodging-bouse; doing
g-ood business. 129 Perry st.
GT'ARANTEED dentistry;- $1 week; we refer to
0000 patients. Esmond D>ntal Parlors. 43 Sixth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk. et. . -.- ¦'
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
tltat Kdßolkln. Reno House Broorleto-. still
runs Denver House. 217 Third B t.-_"_ larK *
rooms: 250 per night; $1 to $2 per week.
fIOO— GOOD paying restaurant, nr. Sutter car-
housf ; rent 115, store. living rm. 1005 Larkin.
FINE xtore. suitable for any business;. 120
O'Farrell, corner Powell. Apply 15 Grant aye.
BRIGHT man not afraid of work would like
a oosltlon steady as Janitor or laborer: had
considerable experience as both. Please ad-
dress F. J.R., 171S Flllmore st. .-¦' :?.: : >-"-':-t
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on pants. 272 Steven-
son st., first floor.
$75— CIGAR and bookstore. 241 Third st.
GOOD-PAYING business, cheap; parties going
away; over 800 customers; horses and wagon.
Call Sl2 Capp st. ¦_
IIIPPION Lodpe No. 16S. F. and A. M.— •
Called meotir.g THIS (WEDNESDAY) _j\_
EVENINU. at 7:30 o'clock. First de- lt_K
e rte. C. D. BUNKER. Sec. /V >
CROCKETT LrCse No. 238, F. and A. ¦
M.— First degri-ee THIS (WEDXES-jV
I (AT) EVENING. March 14. at ":*>lt_#C
o'clock. By order of the W. M. /^r >
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
YOUNG man wishes position to learn machin-
ist or ¦bollermaker trade; wages $1 per day.
Box 3009. Call office. . ¦
GARDENER with good references as to ohar-
¦ acter and ability, florist and landsoaper, from
the Eastern States and Europe, wishes place.
private or commercial. Address box 4476, Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man' at house-
cleanlng or any other work by the day. HEN-
RY ANDERSON, 952 Bush St. •;*-
GRADUATE In pharmacy wants situation. Ad-
dress box 3017. Call Office.
3-CHAIR hotel barber shop. 127 Eddy st.;
owner going north. ; . — _
CARPENTER shop for sale at a bargain; with
or without horse and wagon: rent only $6;
must be sold this week. Apply 127 Turk st.
BAKERY for sale, very cheap; receipts from
JIO to $25 per day: excellent location; other
business cause for sale. 721 Polk Bt.
iio-BARBER shop; 15 cents. Sixteenth and
WANTED-Shoemaker on repairing. 202 Second
street. - —
BOY, W years' old would like easy - work in
office or store. Apply at 2620 Twenty-fifth st.
BARBER with • 1 year's" experience wishes
Bteady work. Address box 3022, Call office.
BARBER wants place in city or country. Ad-
dress JOE BARBER, 235 Fourth St.
SITUATION wanted by smart active English-
American; experienced in handling , horses.
Address box 4433, Call office.
YOUNG man would like to take care horses
and do chores about In country. H. 8., 19*3
. Fifteenth aye. south." °
BARBER-Extra chance; l-€halr shop; $25; fine
location. Call office. . ¦- ¦ • •-
s«_s_s___i_«i
gs^t-g werieoce in
8011, Call office. - "
SAN FRANCISCO CALI*.
PfSrXEPS OFFICE of the Pan FTawtwco
CaJl. rcrner of Market ari Third streets, open
tmtn 12 o'clock every nirtit In the year.
FRANCH OFFICES — 527 Mcntßomery «tr»*t.
comer Clay; open until 9:SO p. m.
- SCO Hayes rtreet: cpen until 9:59 p. n_
4-9 McAllister street: open until 9:10 p. m.
r:5 Larkln Ftreet; cpen until 9:Vt p. m.
IHI xumion rtreet: open until 10 p. m.
VXI Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
tsrtll t p. m.
JM Eleventh rfrwt: open until 8 p. m.
1036 Valencia rtreet: cr»n until ? p. m.
U2S Polk street; open until 9p. n_ *'_/• ¦
Northweit corner cf Twenty-second anfl Ken-
tucky etrwi?: open uctll i p. m. ¦ - *-=¦'
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
DETTISTS.
A— DR. T. 8. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled" or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5 a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
epeclalty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 BO: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 14, : 1900.
¦ HELP WASTED- FEMAJ-K.
GlRL. wanted for light housework; chance^to
learn - dressmaking; also an apprentice ror
dressmaking. Apply 782 Van Ness aye. ?..-,.
WANTED— Waist finisher and apprentice for
dressmaking. Room 66. Murphy building.
GIRL to learn . custom .vestmaklng. - 36 . Elgin
Park.; between Herman and Thirteenth sf.
WANTED— First-class help for dressmaking.
325 Franklin et. -.'..
TWO tailoresses wanted; steady work. Call at
2132 Mlsalon St.. near Eighteenth. ' '
GERMAN cook for coffee and lunch house; $7
a week. 32 Sixth st. . -•;.•--¦ -.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser; ¦ steady position.
2544 Mission st. ¦
NEAT, competent waitress. Winchester Din-
lng-room. 44 Third st.
GIRL for general housework; cooking. 2023
Sacramento at.; before 12. ' -
WANTED— A girl for general houeework who
understand cooking. 118 Broderlck st. ¦
FINISHER wanted on custom coats and but-
- ton-holes. 123 Rusa St. . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦
COOK and assist housework; good wages. 2307
Broadway, near Flllmore.
GIRL to assist and mind children; sleep home.
Apply 615 Third st. ¦
PROTESTANT ',; woman 1 for v light housework
and help with growing children. 579 Harrison.
WANTED— girI ; for i, light housework *to - sleep
home. 409 Van Ness aye. -
JAPANESE young boy want* situation as
schoolboy In the city. TAKEDA. 431 Steven-
son st. ¦ . ¦ ¦-* ''¦¦-¦¦ :
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. BC9 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates. our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. ai. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
iracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
df-rful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. J3: received S first
pri7.es; no students: guaranteed 12 years. /
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns. $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
ellvsr. EOc; painless extraction. 60c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor. Sth.
GIRLS WANTED. >
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LKVT
STRAUSS & CO., 36H Fremont St.; elevator.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
fcpecialty; all work reasonable; gas given. -
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy St. : ¦
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c
ipiilillll^
Clay st. Branche»-San Francisco. New xor_.
Bt. Louis. Chicago, Minneapolis.
HONEST and capable young German wants
situation as porter in wholesale house or ho-
tel. Address box 2723, Call office, Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
E and apprentices on custom work. V 39 Kearny
St.. room 2. '
WANTED— GirI for general .housework. 5448
Twentieth St.. northeast corner Capp; apply
after 9 o'clock a. m. ¦ »
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Goug-
anil Grove sts.
WANTED— Good tailoress on custom coats;
wages $10 to tit. 186 Shipley St.. off Fifth.
APPRENTICE to >earn cording, also for fin-
ishing oo Bilk waists. S. F. MFG. CO., 409 A
Turk st. ¦ ¦ . .'
GOOD girl, about 15, for companion and assist
light housework in family of two. Apply
after 5. 154 Clinton Park.
COMPETENT German or Scandinavian girl
that understands cooking and housework. 317
Larkln at.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071H Market et.: examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. 60c. Phone. Mint 257.
WANTED— A first-class saleswoman for lace
department for Sacramento. Apply 523 Mar-
ket st.. room 7, from 2 to 3 ». m.
WAIT for our big sale of horses at 2170 Market
st THURSDAY, at 11 o'clock. S. WAT-
KINS. Auctioneer. ¦ *•-•:'¦•¦<•
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
200 HORSES 1000 to 1400 pounds, 30 head 1200 to
1200 pounds, unbroken, at the Canty Ranch,
Grayson. Cal. ¦
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
BO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
DANCING ballroom or stage, quickly tausrht;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission,
HOUSES— LODGING— FOR SALE.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell «t.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
Ki:ABE pianos: tew scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. . r? ¦-'.-¦» -.
FINE assortment of old and new violins In all
sizes Just received from Europe: they were
selected by experts for the MAUVAI3 MU-
SIC CO.. "S3 Market St. .
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Furniture of 3 housekeeping rooms;
bargain; nicely furnished: r*nt whole house
If desired. 309 Hyde, from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AtTcTr. lIANSEN &• C075?r.'."104 GEARY ST.
Gang of teamsters and laborers for the
Coast Railroad In Santa Barbara County,
$1 75 to $2 a day; free fare
Gang of concrete mixers, $2 a ' day. and
helpers $175 a day. for the Coast Railroad,
in Santa Barbara County; free fare.
10 farmer* for orchard work. $26 and board:
6 teamsters for fruit ranch, J26 and board: 4
farmers, near city, $20 and $26; 6 milkers, $25
and $30; 2 hostlers for hotel stable, country,
$30 and fares paid; hostler, country stable.
$25; man about place, country. $25; 20 laborers
for sawmill and woods, $2« and board 'and
fares paid.
Lunch man and tend bar, country. $80;
hotel clerk, country, $30, see party here:. 10
kitchen hands and dishwashers. $30, $25 and
$20;. 3 bakers' helpers, $20 and $25; bakers'
helper, country hotel. $20 and- fare ' paid;
baker, country shop, $40; oyster man, $35;
laundryman. Institution, $35 and found:
laundryman, country, $50. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
THE Packard planoa are not cheap pianos, but
they are first-class In tone and unequaJed In
finish: you buy them for a short time only at
introductory prices at __A.UVAIS\ 763 Mar-
ket st. ' ¦ *-;
ALFRED WOLLPEKT. 773 Mission St., . pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
A— FIRFT-CLASS Swedish girl desires situa-
tion; is good cook and houseworker; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
BAKER and pastry cook, first-class hotel, $60.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY A READY PHONE MAIN EB4S
Leading Employment, and Labor Agents.
...; WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
Brick molder, $3 day; cooper, $3 day: harness
repairer for ranch; also helper..
blacksmith for heavy work $3 50 day
blacksmith for ranch; also helper
6 shlD carpenters, $5 day: 3 miners. $75; 8
drillers, $60: 10 laborers, city.... s3o and found
6 laborers for a mine, fare $2
weaver on wire mattresses, country
coachman, private family $30 and found
6 stablemen, city and country..
.$5O $40. $25 and found
8 teamsters, road work, fare $1 10 $26 fd
15 choremen and b0y5.... 523. $20, $15, $10 fd
37 farm and orchard, vineyard hands
.. $26, $25, $20 and found
26 milkers, buttermakers $30, $25, found
2 farmhands, same ranch, ¦ fare 10c — $20, fd
2 farmhandß, same ranch, fare.750.. ..520, fd
265 woodchoppers and tiemakera
$2 GO. 12. $1 75, $1 60, $1. 75c cord, 10 to 13c each
milk wagon driver, city Job $30 and found
MARRIED HELP......
Farmer and wife, $40 and found: farmer and
. wife, $35 and found; former and wife, $30 and
found, Sonoma, Monterey, Contra Costa coun-
ties: cook and wife for mine, $30
LAUNDRY HELP
Washer for an Institution, $35 and found;
lroner, $30 and found; washer, hand laundry,
$30 and found; other places
..„.. .......HOTEL DEPARTMENT .;.
6 c00k5.... .$5O, $35, $40, $30 and found
17 waiters, dish washers.. $35. $30, $25, $20. fd
boys 1 for stores, baths, bedmakers — $25 fd
man for delicacy store, $40 and found; night
steward •
tailors; see boss here
coatrnakers, pantsmakers, bushelmen; boy for
butcher shop; 183 places not advertised
° . MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St.
JE S SIE. 470— House of 6 rooms and bath.
REED, 14 — 6 rooms, bath. gas. basement: fine
view. ¦ Apply 1325 Washington st., near Jones.
TO let— A pleasant sunny house, 7 rooms. S3SB
Twenty-first st.. near Guerrero.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— GoId spectacles In case on Market St.,
between Jones and . Larkln. Return to 705
Post sc. and receive reward.
LOST— March 13. Tiger Angora cat, from 657
Ellis St.: liberal reward if returned.
LOST— Either at Native Sons' Hall or on Post
at., between Leavenworth and hall. March 5,
1900. a small opal brooch. Burrounded by dia-
monds. Return 81« Sutter St.. MR. ABEX-
• HEIM: reward; call between 8 and 7.
LOST— Spider st'.ck pin; quartz and opal, dia-
mond eyes. 1602 Bush st.; reward.
SUNBURST diamond pin. Return to MRS.
NELLIE RADER, 1518 Fifteenth's!.; liberal
reward.
LADY'S purse, near Laguna st. and Golden
Gate aye.. containing $30 In gold. Return to
505 Van Ness aye. : reward.
COMPETENT, woman to: examine work in
ladles', shirtwaist and • underwear factory;
good, steady position. BAUER BROS. A
CO., 21;Sansome St. ¦.-¦ ¦¦'¦. r
WANTED— FIrst-clasa bushelmen. . Apply S.
N. WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
BOOTBLACK wanted .- at . barbershop, 1427
Octavia st., corner Post. . ?.-'
COTTAGES TO XliT.
SUNNY cottages, - 5 and C rooms; basement,
yard, with or without stable ;' cheap. . 1576
Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
COTTAGE, large rooms, large yard. 622 Fell
street. • •
C-ROOM ccttage; 25«4 Morris aye.. bet. Harri-
son and Bryant, nr. 6th: key next door. N0. 23.
BARBER ¦ for Wednesday, > Saturday and Sun-
day. 1322 Powell St.. .
10
NEW & 2d-hand wapons. bugsies. carts A har-
rtffr. wk & drfvlrr hrr'fr. l r -th and Va>n?'a.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEAXIXC.
WHEN you become di»rusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lr.g Works. 353-3J7 Tehama it.: tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SMO Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4.'3 Stevenson ft.; tel. South C2S; lowegt rates.
CAKPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 EUhth bt.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. K. MiTCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
tt.; cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 331 Golden
Gate aye. : tr %phone East lit.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent to any addrees In the
United Etatea or Canada one year for $1.
DOFtaee paid.BUSH. 313 — Fine funny rooms.' with board. '
LAS PALMAS. ISIO Market st..— Suite of 2. 0r $
rms.: private: bath: sin, rms.; board optional.
TURK. Sl4— Elegantly furnished, alcove parlor
suites; single rms.: board optional; moderate.
VAN NESS. 944^ (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board; reasonable; modern conveniences.
A WEEK'S rews for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
It pages. In wmpper. for mailing, tl per year.
. ROOMS WANTED.
WAJCTED— 2 or 3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping: 10 minutes' walk from Call building;
no children. Box 3002. Call office. • . ¦ .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
1 ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
i painting done. Hartman Patnt Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41& Montgomery tt.. rooms 9-10: tel. 6520.
SEWING MACHINES All D SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STOUAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and- Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 6713.
BERKIN'B van and storage. 1340 Market; tele-
• phone South 635; packing, moving and storage.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. .
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No." 7 (25 cents
per share) of the ¦ Kllauea Sugar Plantation
Co will be payable afthe office of the com--
• pany 327 Market St.. on and after Thursday.
March 15 ' 1900. Transfer, books will closee lose on
fiaturday.' March 10. IMO. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. ,
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
nFORIuTHAVYYARD AND VALIENT
Steamer "MonticeUa."
MON., Tues.'. Wed.. Thur». and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.: 3:15. 9:30 p. m. (c*. Thurs. night); Krt-
Says. 1 p. m. snd 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. %
a. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. f Telephone Main ISO*.
wxkb • .....—. m
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and 'Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia.' etc. No cargo received on board "on day
of salltnc.
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March tl
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 23
AMERICA MART 7 Saturday. May 1»
i Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PmmmtMiH Th * s - 3 - MartpoM
BCDHII! sails via Honolulu and
•t***"*^' Auckland for Sydney
M J*— •< Wednesday. March 21.
SKMnrchlDe) **• s - 8 - Australia
CylCailDlliy g^,, fOT Honolulu
fOdlßuWf- Wednesday. April 4.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Sues.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
i. 0. M-rftCKl-LS it BRua.CO.. »rtu. H4 Montqomer)
Pitr 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Dfflce.327 Market SL
illf 51MK> unt asgfar as ag
Mon'hly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg
Tla. Mexican ports. Central. South America, eto.
8. 8. HATHOS BAILS ABOUT MARCH 21
j. o. traxexsu * «««s» ra. if«u. "* "<VS-^7" < VS-^7 ¦*¦
¦ rw %m !—»»»»«»» Omr»,ttl lirtrt »!,»«¦ rr»»rtw f
CQHFAONIS fIXVIRALX TRANBATLASTIQOS.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRD-PARIS. .^j^-.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <fcijSxi>
Saturday, from November 3, 1599, at ~-^--' *" L » >
10 a. . m.. . from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St.: L'AQUITAINE. March 14; La
GASCOONE. March 22; LA TOURAINE. March
29: LA BRET AGNE. April 5. First class to
Havre, . $60 • and upward; 5 per cent reduction
on round trlD. Second class to Havre. $43: i
per cent 'reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J- F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, i Montgomery aye.. Ban_Fn»nci»co.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
MARRIED.
EVENSEN— CORDES— In this city. March 10,
1900, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Andrew
Evensen'and Rosetta Cordes.
KAHRS— McGILL— In this city. March 7, 1900,
by the Rev. J. K. Harrison, Seigfreld J. F.
Kahrs and Mary Eliza McGill, both of San
Francisco.
LAURIDSEN-^OLSEN— In this city,. March 10,
1900. by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Anders C.
Lauridsen and Hilda Olsen.
MALMBERG— GRONDAL— In this city. March
12, 1900, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Axel A.
Malmberc and Christine Grondal.
ROMER— KELLER— in this city, March 10,
1900. by the»Rev. O. Groensberg, Alfred Ro-
mer and Annie Keller.
POLK. C22— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; suite and single; rent cheap.
POST. 239— Elepant transient rooms for tour-
lFts; all conveniences; traveling men: elevator.
MISSION. 1220— Sunny room for two; running
water: grate; gas; quiet house.
NOE. 153—2 sunny bay-window rooms; upper
corner flat: gas stove; grate; bath; $14.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: ejevator: electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BENNETT— In this city, March E. 1900, to the
wife of A. E. Bennett, a daughter.
GALVIN— In thts city, March 12. 1900. to the
wife of John Galvln, a daughter.
SHAFER— In this city, March 18, 1900, to the
wife of J. W. Shafer, a son.
STEGEMANN— In this city, March 13, 1900. to
the wife of Frank Stegemann, a daughter. .
TYLER— In this city. March U, ISOO. to the
wife of Harvey L. Tyler, a son.
WEINBERGER— In this city, March 10, 1900,
to the wife of Joseph Weinberger, a daugh-
t er.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
SZS Market street.
INVESTMENTS.
$:S,ooo— Pays 10 per cent; 9 modern flats, on
large lot; 2 frontages; Pine et., near
Flllmore.
$Coo— Pays U per cent; 2 elegant modern flats,
5 and 7 rooms and bath; rents $S5 per
month: on Scott st., near Page; lot 27:6 x
57:6
J&.Oo— Pays 19 per cent; 2 elegant, new. modern
flats of C and 7 rooms and hath; beautiful
rr.&ntels, curved bar windows, etc; lot
21x116 feet.
J ¦.- ¦ -"•¦ ¦ i ¦- > f 11 per cent; 4 nice fiats of 9 and 4
rooms, on Harrison et.. near Fourth.
$CouG — Pays 5 per cent; 2 flats, 6 and 6 rooms and
bath, on Leavenworth St.; walking dis-
tance Kearny and Market.
RESIDENCES.
$7500 — Lor?», elegant modern residence; 11 rooms
and bath, atllr. basement, stable; on line
ft., near Pierce: sunny side street; large
lot. 42:4x137:6 feet; SSOGO bank mortgage
can remain.
KSno — I«»»autifal modern house; • rooms, serv-
ant's room. etr.. porcelain bath, tile man-
tels, all modern improvements; on Brod-
~riek Ft., necr California.
$4730— f>duoe<l from $c 250: Sunny side Clay »t_,
near Webster; residence i rooms and
bath; a bargain,
JSOO— Reduced from 13000 to force immediate
e£.le; modern house. 7 rooms and bath,
r bieetr.rnt, porcelain tub, tile mantels,
etc.; on Twenty-fifth et.. near Howard.
UNIMPROVED.
IC •-:¦ — Reduced from $7000; $3300 bank mortgage
can remain; elegant N. E. corner in the
Mission; 6 lots, on bitumir.ized street;
cars pass property; speculators and build-
ers, see this.
12000— On Haight Bt., near Broderick ; lot 25x120;
or will trade for Improved city property.
$ISOO— Llegant lot on E. side of Dolores Et.. 31
S. of Twenty-second ; elre 3<>x117:6 back to
alley; cheapest lot on Dolores st.
SEND FOR ONE OF
Our catalogues of PROBATE AND PARTI-
TION SALES of properties
AT AUCTION— TO HIGHEST BIDDER.
TUESDAY. MARCH 27. I*oo.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
CASTRO VALLEY INVESTMENT.
$17,000— Ten fiats and -cottage: large lot. three
frontages ; rents $121; a snap; will trade for va-
cant property.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
jesOO— Octavia St., near Broadway; two-story
residence of S rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6;
rents |45.
BfEINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom st-. Treat
aye.. isih and 14th .su.. being offered In subdi-
visions; call at office and get diagrams; $I£oo
and upward.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
. $40.000— Thlrd-rt. corner: 137:6x137:6; store and
flats; good impro-jements: rents $250.
AX OrFER WANTED.
$2200— Ritch St.: 5 flats; rents $42 50; lot 22x88.
f<SsCo— Tehama «t., near Third; i tenements;
rents $76; lot SOxSO.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$7500* each— Facing Jefferson square on Leguna
Ft.; special offering of several choice residences;
i?pt diagram and particulars at office.
tlM>— Hayes et., near Lyon; 2-story and base-
ment residence; 10 rooms and bath: lot 25x100.
CORNER LOT.
ROOO-Va- Ness .^j*™-- "Sgfo^
10 Montgomery st. •
HEAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.^
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
August Peterson. 34, 647 Stevenson street, and
Emma E. Backstrand, 28, 647 Stevenson street.
Uelese F. Santini, 27, »59 Howard street, and
Martha J. Menein. 16, 735 A Broadway.
Edward M. Warren, 29, Oakland, and Emily
G. Ganterl. 28, Oakland.
William P. C. Harris. 60. London, England,
and Mary I. Waters, 43, Hollowell, Scotland.
William H. Odell, 24. 3079 Twenty-fourth
street, and Lurcy A. Thistleton. 18. 272 Sa-
dowa street.
Curtis F. Rose. 27, city, and Edna B. Hart-
soch. 21, Woodland.
William H. Davis. 29, 226 Butter street, and
Maude A.- Keygendoll, 19, 1018 Brannan street.
PTAMMERING corrected; booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. PhD . ISIS Linden st.. Oakland.
IF yiTj wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third; tel Black 4123.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Ftlverman, 9<4 Folsom: tel FV>lsom HSL
ALAFKA fur garments, hood*, mitts, leather
coats H. M. HEINEMAN. 109 Sansome Ft.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 730 — Sunny front room;
use of kitchen and parlor; $7.
RKAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
F n R ~ Sa i le chea J>-Bush. E. of Van N^sTaveT;
«J£ ?? r * c ff sld ence; -could be turned Into
iiat* at «small. expense; very eunny; lot 30x
1»<:6. Apply etore 1126 Larkln st.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
nOOO— FINE 20-s.cr* ranch; level "garden~lianT;
good house; barn full of hay;, fine horse.
pURgy; 100 chickens and farming tools, etc.;
fare oOc: half mile to station.
$*»00— Fine, highly Improved 120-acre farm;
pood S-room house and outbuildings; all In
grain; fare 50c; cheap at $5000. I
"Summer Home" Tract; $25 per acre: in
lots to suit: easy terms; finest of valley fruit
an.l vegetable land; 2S have bought -\nil 15
built houses and more going up; fare 50c
and freight $1 to S. F. ; will all be sold bef ora
the end of the month.
$150— Nice 10-acre home, on R. R. ; nice land;
, some oak trees; payable $10 a month.
WESTERN LAND CO.. 640 Market st.
A GENUINE "Snap" bargain; must sell this
week: 80 acres very richest of highly culti-
vated level loam In crop: not an Inch of
waste; fenced; 110 bearing fruit trees; resi-
dence, barn. 2 wells, etc.; IVi miles from city;
only $2800.
N. D SICKELS— the LAND AGENT,
10 Geary St., opp Chronicle building, 8. F.
FOR PALE cheap; 5-acre fruit and chicken
ranch in ! Upper Fruitvale. Inquire ai black-
_smlth shop, Dimond, Cal.
fCO ACRES In Stanislaus County, near rail-
read: water; growing crops: under fence and
all other Improvements. For particulars ad-
orest or call W. P. CROW. 1334 Polk. city.
MARION GRIFFINT 71$ Market, nr. Call bldg.
Land for gale In Sonoma. Contra Costa, Glenn,
Santa Cruz. Shasta and Tehama Cos.. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, cent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year fr" 41.
PQFtare paid.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, 2E23 — Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
EDDY, 612— Parlor floor; elegant sunny rooms;
every convenience: reasonable; will separate.
Louise, youngest daughter of Virginia and
the late William B. Cranna, and sister of
Virginia, Stella, William, Sttlson and Robert
Cranna, a native of California, aged 1» years.
C7 Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
' tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of her mother, 41!
Hyde street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.,
DOERING— KiIIed in action near Porac, P. 1.,
September 3, 1599. John J. Doerlng, a mem-
ber of Company A, Thirty-sixth United States
Volunteer Infantry, and .formerly of Battery
L, Third Artillery,- dearly beloved son. of
George and Christina Doerlng. and dearest
¦ brother of Mrs. S. A. Born, Mrs. George G.
Brown and William, George, Lizzie and
Louis Doering, a native of I San Francisco,
aged 24 years and 10 months.
DONAHUE— In this city, March 12. 1900, Den-
nis, husband , of Margaret Donahue, and
father of Margaret and Henry M. Donahue,
' Mrs. Philip Brady and Minnie and Annie G.
. Donahue, a native of County Derry, Ireland,
. aged CS, years. , .
(CyThe funeral 'will take place ¦ this ' day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, . from his late
residence, 42 Natoma street, thence to St.
, Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
menclnsr at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. . .
FI/TN'N— ln this city, March 12, 1900, ' Thomas
Flynn, a native of Hartford. Conn... aged 54
years. (Connecticut papers please copy.)
IC7Remalns at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason street, be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
FRISK— In this city, March ,12, 1900, Malcom
Sanford, dearly beloved and only son .of Emll
J. and Hedvig J. Frisk, beloved brother of
Rhoda H. E. and Frances M. J. Frisk, and
nephew of Edward Frisk and Mrs. Henry
Kllck of Portland, Or., a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 1 month and 17 days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1113 Treat avenue, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth streets. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GRAHAM— In Alameda, March 12, 1900, George
GllbeTt, beloved husband of Beatlce Graham,
and father of Alice. Mabel, Beatrice and
Ethel Graham, a native of New York, aged
• 50 years and 4 months. ¦
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from ChrUt Epis-
copal Church, corner Grand street and Santa
Clara avenue. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland.
GRIFF— In the City and County Hospital,
March 13. 1900, William Grift.
HAWLEY— In this city, March 18, 1900, Mary
J. Hawley, widow of the late E. R, Hawley,
and mother of Mrs. A. L. Taylor, Miss Eva
Hawley, Mrs. Lillie A. Clarke and George W.
Hawley, a native of Ohio, aged 73 years.
HEPWORTH— In this city, suddenly, March 13,
1900, Susan Hepworth, widow of the late John
M. Hepworth, mother of William B. Hep-
worth. and sister of Mrs. H. C. George.
C7"Funeral services will be held, to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence. S3! Guerrero street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HOFFMAN— In this city, March 13. 1900, Wil-
liam Anton Hoffman,' dearly beloved hus-
band of Josephine Hoffman, and beloved
father of Frank Hoffman, Mrs. G. Peters,
Mrs. E. R. Fisher and Mrs. Josle Winters,
a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 60 years
7 months and 21 days. A member of St.
Peter's Vereln, St. Francis Branch No. IS7,
Catholla Knights of America, and Vereln
Eintracht of Oakland. INcw York papers
please copy.)
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 639% California street, near Kearny,
thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
avenue, near Jones street, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HULL— In this city. March 12, 1900, George L.,
beloved husband of Sophronla J. Hull, and
father of Andrew G.- Hull and Mrs. Mary L.
Pope, a native of Providence. R. 1., aged 67
years and 8 months.
CT" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 1 o'clock, at his late residence, 2731
Pine street. Interment private.
KANE— In Oakland, March 12, 1900. Frank
Kane, beloved husband of Lulu Langtaff
Kane, a native of Ireland, aged 50 years.
[CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1710 Grove street. Interment St.-
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. '
MCCARTHY— In this city, March 12, 1900, John,
beloved husband of Katie McCarthy, father
of Morrie and Irene McCarthy, son -of Han-
nah and the late Michael McCarthy, and
brother of James, Michael and Thomas Mc-
Mrs. T. Carey and Maggie and Mamie Mc-
Carthy, a native of New York, aged 31 years.
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 270 Tenth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. • Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ' ¦ .
McNEILL— In this city. March 13. 1900, Wil-
liam, beloved son of John and Jane McNelll,
and brother of Harry, John and Archie Mc-
Nelll. Mrs. H. McCaughen. Mrs. J. T. Buck-
, man and Mrs. G. C. Lindner, a native of
Boltnas, Cal., aged 33 years and 8 months.
(CJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. J. T. Buekman. 2842 How-
ard street, corner of Twenty-fifth. Inter-,
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city. March 13, 1900, Dennis
O'Brien, a native of New York, aged 62
yearn.
O'NEILL— In this city. March 11. 1900. Charles
P. O'Neill, beloved father of Mrs. William H.
Gagan, and brother of Richard O'Neill and
Mrs. David O'Mahoney, a native of Ireland,
aged 74 years. (Sacramento papers • please
copy.)
C7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1516 Sanchez Street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral ear from Thir-
tieth street and San Jo«e avenue.
PANHORST — In this city, March 12. 1900.
Carrie F. Panhorst, beloved stepdaughter of
John Klesow, and sister of Mrs. W. J. Riley,
Henry Panhorst and John and Fred Klesow,
a native of San Francisco, aged 34 years and
7 days, i
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. • Suhr & Co.. 1137 ¦ Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. . • ••
PUDIN— In the City and' County Hospital,
March 13, 1900. Louis Pudln, a native of
France, aged 49 years. " •
ROBERTS— In this city, .March 13, 1900, Mrs.
Mary Roberts, beloved mother of William,'
Victor and Richard. Roberts, a native of Ire-
land, aged 53 years. ;
SELLECK— In this city. March 13. 1900, Joseph
Edgar, beloved husband of Ruth Selleck, a
native of Stamford. Conn., aged 74 years 6
months and 19 days. - -. .
THOMAS— In this city, March 13," 1900, Charles
Louis Thomas, beloved son of Elmlra Thomas,
and brother of. Edwin,' George W. and Emille
Thomas and Mrs. Charles Bering, a native of
Illinois, ng-ed 38 years and 6 months.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 7 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street,
thence to Sonoma, . Cal. . Interment Sonoma
Cemetery. . . ¦ . ,
TOBIN— In this city. -March 11, 1900, Mary, be-
loved sister of James , Tobln, . a native of
County Cork. Ireland, aged 65 years.
WEILHBIMER— In Fresno. March 12. 1900.
Adeline Wellheimer. beloved wife of Aaron
• Wellheimer. and mother of Lillian and Louis
Wetlhelmer, and sister of Ernest, Louts and
¦ Isadora Alexander, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 36 years. ;
C7The funeral services will take place
this day (Wednesday), at the chanel at
Home of Peace Cemetery on trie arrival of
the 11:30 o'clock train -from Third and Town-
send streets. -
WEINBERGER— In this city. March 10. 1900,
Infant daughter of Joseph and Rosalie Wein-
berger.
WEIS— In this city, March 12. 1900, at the Col-
lege of Notre Dame, Dolores street. Sister M.
SRbastlenne Wels. a native of Luxembourg,
Holland, aged 68 years, 43 year of religious
¦ profession. *',» i
E7" A' reaulem mass -for the deceased sister
will take place In the college Chanel this
day (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ;. ,:
CARD OF THANKS.
We wish to thank our many friends . for
their sympathy and kindness In our receni
bereavement, the loss of a dearly beloved hus-
band : and father, : Michael Keef e.
THE WIDOW AND FAMILT.
CARD OF THANKS.
The ' wife. ¦ brother, ¦ sister and children of
the late 'Peter Miller hereby tender their sin-
cere thanks to their many friends who. so
kindly expressed their sympathies to us in
our late bereavement: also' to Charles H.
Jacob & Co. for their, kindness and untiring
efforts In our. behalf.
MART S.MILLER,' Wife
•JOSEPH MILLER. Brother v
• ; « i f.i ¦ '"¦ -¦,¦¦¦ MRS. PAULINE RUTZ. Sister.
,_ r , nw _J' >p » : M- :
?L*ii*^sS2*s2 »nd wWskT habir^reTat
£52' , abs " lu »'»y painless- ; no cure no pay;
FALMISSTmi
V 'p^m£r rK " r^ Vr ** St °«™*»n College of
} almiFtry; r «- a d> 1 to ». 6lt Geary, nr. Jone»
I'ARTNKRS WANTKIJ. ¦
r t?^^ EPE P »»med la a thoroughly^stabilshed {
wholesale hu*ine»* : $20.«iu0 necesfary. If you
2J??LK! th * monp > do not answer. Bor
««r?i. Call office.
PASTI'RACa
— ~ nir^ ~~ — •
CV>D pasturaye cheap. Inquire 107 Tenth rt. >
I'KnsONALS.
GENTLEMAN. 34. some capital. de^l7es~ac^
yuaimanoe of tervint or country girl- object,
matrimony : references murt be exchanged.
Address box sn\\ Call offlce. "•=«.
UELLE— OUDRT "
IS NOT A LADT.
1. Te<*rg rst. having bonght Camp 24. Victoria
lFlan<l. from Quong Sing, am not responetble
lor ar.y debts contracted by him previous to
-v.th* bMytnc, g TEONG FAT.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable "ira teg";
V: y«*arti' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie et.
AN experienced mafaeuse wishes to give mas-
sage trvaiment to a few more ladle* at their
home; physicians' references. Address Maa-
sage. SOP Ellis st.
marriage paper. ~~
Best published— FßEE.
J. W. GUN NELLS. Toledo. Ohio.
No. Prize. l No. Prize. l No. Prize. |No. Prize.
86191 8|86331.... 12 56399.... 21)j56596.... 40
86550 2056665.... 8 56674.... 8|567*1.... 13
S7o2<» 12:87107.... 8 3755«.... BjS72fi9 3
87509..... 8 87593.... 12 87656.... 20| 0T5. . . . 12
87929 8 87942.... 12 87958.... 12!57i»8.... S
88047 J085217.... 1255220.-... 12j^240.... S
83334 12155579.... 60 8*064..:. 8 85«72.... S
85727 8188154.... 8 59365.... 405?40«.... 12
8-M40..... 8189553.... 12 59595 $!m«29.... *>
S3<>3l "8185663.... *12 ?97W.... 8i53725.... 20
89.5101 12159551.... 12155913.... 8 900C4.... S
801 M 2O ! 9O14«)...; 8 90209.... 401»0929 60
90249 8!90315.... 8 90399.... 12,90460 12
90697 1290«37.... *» 90645...; 12,3*)710.... ?)
90753 12191333.... 20J91394.... 2091427.... 2)
91476 8 91528....- 1 91585.... 12 91^99.... 20
91S11 12 91920.... 8|91!»25.... 8 42128.,.. 12
92265 . 12 92612 8152«79 40 92**0.... 12
926W 8152719.... 2ft'92524.... 12 925171.... 12
»2!»»3 2095076.... 12^)3320.... 8 93235.... 12
93270 12 0332J? 20i93353.... 12 93396.... 20
93472 2^93637.... 8!»3tV¥5.... 5|94n">«.... 20
940^0 40J94135.... 40194139.... 129423S 5 ... 8
94256 40<M33*.... 12|94Xi1.... 8194J.-3.... 20
94373 4094477 8 54575.... 8194622.... 2rt
94630 2034715.... 1294793.... 20194829.... 3
94358 2094992.... 20|?49<t8.... 8195139 20
96117 12|9K267 12:95408.... 8!9M81.... 20
95671 8 95825 60 ! 959«.... 12 96117.... 8
»6371 2096537.... 8j?«fi61.... 12 967H.... 11
967KS 8 97071.... 8 97113.... 12 97233.... 2»
97246 597305.... 12.97414.... 8!97531.... 29
97571 597501.-... 8597656™.. 5'9759t.... 9
97801 8 97^38..-.. 8 '97836.... 12 97916.... I
97950 8 95045.... 2O- 1 95!)46.... 12195049.... 12
95134 8'<M142.... 8!95»!.... 8i98»6.... 20
W4J9 12195475.... 12|95557.... «19«717.... 8
98750 2-V99062.... 2099204.... 12199355.... 8
99456 8199480.... 8^9435.... 40159527.... »
95584 8'9?«59.... 8!99<70.... 2099773. ... t
99774 12|997»9.... 201 I
APPROXIMATION PRIZES
100 numbers from 79,701 to 79.801, tnclnstve,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $15,000— $20. '
100 numbers from 18.191 to 15.291. Inclusive,
belnz 5Qr numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4000— $12.
. 100 numbers from 63.4*4 to «3.5«4, Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of. the number
drawing the capital prize of $20"0— $8.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 51, being the last
two Igures of the number drawing the capltAl
prixe of $15.000-$4.
999 numbers ending with 41, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of $4000— $4.
Th» subscriber having supervised the Single
Number Drawing. Class "C," of The Canadian
Royal Art Union. Limited, hereby certifies that
the above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100,000 placed In the wheel, with
the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Montreal, this Wednes-
day. March 7. 1900. .
AlcflVOV «fc CO.. •
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
1235 Market St.. between Bth and 9th. :-, i
Telephone: South 247. ¦;- : |
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John W. McDonald to John W. . McDonald
Jr., lot on N- line of Garden avenue, 100 W of
Devlsadero street.-W 25 by N. 45; $10. ; '
Christian F.Ruppel to Christopher Wilfert,
lot on N line of Hayes street, . IS4:4H E of
Baker. E2sby N. 100; |10. : • .' ., . .¦.
John W. Farren Jr. to. Charles A. Shurtleff.
lot on E" line of First avenue. 50.32 N of Tyler
street.N 25.16 by E 100; $10. ; - ¦ .
. Lulgl Torre to Giovanni and 'Andrea Bafigo,
undivided '- third s Interest In lot on N line of
Fourteenth ' street. ' 75 E 'of ' Treat : avenue, B
47:6 N 95:7*4, W 47:6, S 100:8 $10. >. - .
John H. Wise to G. B." Dondero. lot on S lino
of Greenwich -street.^ 90 W, ff. Powell; being
the SW corner of Greenwich street and Graven
place W 47:« by S 57:6: $10. / • ..
• Patrick'.Vahey : to Hannah Vahey • (wife), lot
on 'W. line of Montgomery >• street, 62:6 N of
Greenwich. N 25' by W 87:6; gift.
Charles R and , Margaret L. : Hawthorne to
San Francisco Settlement Association (a cor-
HOTEL SALISBURY, Hyde & Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
NEW family hotel: first class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table: rpeclal Inducements to
(elect people. SO7 California St., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
ONLT A cTSa^oTpark lots
On vwy «-asy payments; choice lots In tfie
block recently subdivided bounded by II and
1 »tn Eighteenth And Mnet«-enth ayes., right
en the Park and the new *»^~ nth : aT £, b ™:
Ward roost of the lots already sold; balance.
[ jiTnd 'to Mil quickly; fine Investments; good
bunoln« 0 lo«" *U ready: lot. «»?«?¦•*?,£:
macadamized; water pipes laid; plank «lce-
u.-i-ics- . 6 per cent interest only.
SEE THE HOUSES NOW BUILDING- YOUR
OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes; elec-
SSfcU .ye, price n^ etc. there or^t our
•' nc *- 1« Montgomery st.
A M EI'HCK * CO.
e67 L ?i a a n rk : e I t O sf.!- opposite Kearny
rVrs4 f oon>odern Improve-
•TO«srtr* « 'frontrr^r-moo
•II rvnte^l for $M a month: *™2, d^ b . a l^* nn i own .
rTK-O-fclx good flats; rents $I*6o yearly, aown-
tO^3 l cho.^ £S!" Hayes St.; mortgage
?g&£p£T.t.; » cood-flau: «nts »60: lot
r£2so-Cornerr £250-Corner store and 6-room fiat; rents $37;
loreriowr*^ q{ ud
?#£LtwV nTe U cl«: r~t.U6.50.
• l^ w < 2S^aSf: S,*? V£ vt? ™£»
A car. Ai-ply Alabama and Montcalm,
Ryan's grooep. \ .
rafl MO California .t.
rooms, bath, basement, Ftable; H
C blolk fr^n. Msrket st. Apply 24C3 Folsom st.
1 !! on W. J.OUNN. CM CaUfo««» .t. J
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A— HOTEL La Normandie, J26 Eddy— Sunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; first-
class table and service; prices moderate.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market St.— Ele-
gantly furnlebed sunny rooms; en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table first class;
reduced rates.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and FUbscrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establlched at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
TWENTY-SECOND. 3252— Sunny rooms, double
or single, furnished; gas and bath.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for eood people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
ST PETER'S House. 705 California— Changed
hands; nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keeping rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator: new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
eea baths; suites and Flngle rooms.
ROPEDALE House. 31» 4.821 Ellis et.— Rooms,
night. 2£c to $1; week, $1 26 to $4; open night.
SPOKEN.
Feb 16, no lat, lon 30 W— Ship Arthur Sewall,
hence Nov 25, for London.
Feb 13. lat 19 S, lon 37 W— Bark Olympic,
from New Tork, for San Francisco.
Per schr Bparrow, from Eureka March Xi —
March 12, 25 miles SW of Point Reyes, spoke
sealing schr Geneva, with 500 sealskins; wished
to be reported all well on board.'
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Charles Nelson at San Francisco
March W, from Makawell — Left In port March
S bark Edward May.- On March 8 In lat 30 30
N, lon 142 W, lost blade of propeller.
DOMESTIC PORTS
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived March 11— Stmr
Fulton, hence March 7. March 12 — Stmr Na
tional City, hence March 9.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed March 13— Stmr
Lakme, for Dutch Harbor. .
SEATTLE— Arrived March 12— Stmr Dlrigo.
from Skaguay; schrs Marlon and Mildred, from
Port Townsend. March 13— Stmr City of Se
attle, from Skaguay.
Sailed March 12— Schr Challenger, for Ta
coma-
USAL— Sailed March 13— Stmr Newsboy, for
San Francisco. t
GREENWOOD — Arrived March 13 — Btmr
Whttesboro, hence March 10.
¦ Sailed March 13— Stmr Whltesboro, for San
Francisco. ¦
EUREKA— SaiIed March 13— Tug Rescue, with
tow, for San Francisco; stmr Aloha; with tow,
for San Francisco; schr W 8 Phelps, for San
Francisco. •
Arrived March IS— Stmr Del Norte, hence
March 12. '
ASTORlA— Arrived March 13— Schr Henry
Wilson, from Honolulu. .
Sailed- March 13— Br, stmr Lennox, for Toko
hama: Br stmr.St Irene, for Hongkong; Jap
stmr Doyo Maru, for Tokohama; Br stmr Elm
Branch for ; .Br bark Gulf . Stream, for
Queenstown; Br bark Beechdale, . for ' Queens
town: Br. bark Donna Francisca. for Queens
town: bktn Tarn o f Shanter, for San Francisco;
tug Samson, with barge Wahklakum In tow.
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived ', March ' 13— Schr Challen
ger, from Seattle; schr Marion, from Port
Townsend: schr- John A Campbell, from Port
Blakeley. ¦ " ' ,
FORT BRAGG— Sailed March 13— Stmr Se
qunla. for San Francisco. ¦, ¦
' BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed March 13-rSchr
Corinthian, for San Francisco. ¦
SOUTH BEND— Arrived March 13— 5tmr Ri
val. - hence March ' 7.'
PORT ' LO9 ANGF.LES— Arrived March 13—
Stmr Alcazar, from Port Harford. .
Sailed March 13— Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
cisco. •• ¦ ¦ ¦ -
SAN . PEDRO— Sailed March 13— Btmr Aloha,
for San Francisco. . , . . ' - . •
EASTERN PORT.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed March . 12— Ship Roa
noke, for San Francisco. '
FORETGN PORTS.
KOBE— Arrived March 10— Br stmr City of
Dublin, from Tacoma. .. ¦•¦ s
KAHULUl— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Cleveland,
hence. Feb 14. ••..--.;> ' ;
•Sailed Feb 27— Stmr Cleveland.'; for Klhel to
discharge. • ; ¦"
- YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 10— Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro." hence Feb 17. : . "
In Dort March 10— Br ship St Mlrren, from
Oregon.' v - • ..'.'-
CAPE ' TOWN— Arrived March . 12— Br ship
Veraiean, from Oregon.
; HlLO— Arrived Feb 2S— Ship John McDonald,
from' Honolulu. March I— Schr A M Baxter,
hence Feb llr. '-'
; HIOGO— Sailed. about Feb 26— Br. ship Cunw
berland,' for Port Townnend. -. . .
• ¦¦•¦¦;. •¦¦.•~ OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORKT-^-Salled .. March Xi— Stmr Rheln.
for Bremen: stmr Georgic. for Liverpool; stmr
Kaiser .Wilhelm der Orossa, for Bremen, via
Cherbourg and Southampton. , .y~- ¦ --> .':.-. .
Arrived ? March 13 — Stmr ; Oceanic, from Uv
erpool..' ¦¦ ' ."''¦•'- ' .•'¦-. .... ._¦
• KOBE— Arrived March 10— Stmr City of Dub
lin, from Taeoma, for Hongkong. -- . :."
ANTWERP— Arrived k March '. 12— Stmr Fries
land from New Tork, -via Southampton. * ¦
: GIBRALTAR— Arrived March * 11— Stmr Kai
ser vWllhelm : 11, . from New York, for Naples
andGenoa:^; -'¦ : "'.:: :- .¦ vj.-jt-. -¦
PLTMOUTH— SaiIed March 13— Stmr Graf
Waldersee. for New Tork.
ROTAL House. 1?6 Ellis st.— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. Zsc to $1 £0; week. $2 to
tt; month. $8 to $20; elevator on office floor;
rocms with hot and cold water; baths.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms. ;
rultes or (ingle; running water; gas; reas.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— New furnished
bay window room, $1 per week; transient.
MINNA, £37— One small furnished front room.
LARKIN. $04 — Larpe sunny back room, fur-
¦ nlFhed. fcr one or two persons, $7; also front
room. $7.
HOWARD. 2716 — 2 sunny separate rooms for
housekeeping; $8.
GRAND HOTEL." V
W Crocker, Placervllle Mrs HN' Brown. Og
3 H Connelly, Vallejo densbnry . • • •
H C Clark. Tuba ' Miss Brown, Ogdensby
H E Manage, Cal R Frolnner, Sacto .
G,D Roberts. Oakland J Ba«dey & w, lowa
J Fllllus, w& o, Cal Mrs Watklns. Nev
Ira Brown, Chicago Miss 8 Valyo.' Nevada
E'Ehle; Chicago J Bullock, .. Redwood
N F Sargent & w. Or CD Hayward. Redwd
C H Boynton, Ferndle E C Schlueten, Nlles
H.F Brown. Cal L B Mallory, L Gatos
J P Foley. N Mexico H Mallory. Los Gatoa
E S Morine &w. Cal Miss" Dorman. Chicago
G W Whlpple, Salem Miss J L Grove. Chgo
J Simpson & w, Seattle H O Oeds w & d, Ind
Mrs A Walshe. Seattle W H Brooks & w, Cal
Mrs H Hutchlnson. G Green, N Carolina
. Seattle Dr N Green. Watsonvll
C Urquhart, Victoria A J Larson, Lodl
H Inglehart & w, L D Galvln. Redding
• Toronto M Biggs, Oroville
C Mulkey, Napa' RP "Skinner. Pomona
T B Malliville. GrassY H G Turner. Modesto
C Hammond,' Denver H G Bates. Houston
T B Porter. Salinas- G H Southart. Mich
A W Cox&w, Watsonvll Mrs Luckett. Mich
T T Smith. St Paul E W Wetmer. Placervl
M F Taylor, L Angeles F S Baker, Seattle
Mrs C Ulrlch, Napa J C Collyer. Fort Jones
Mrs Malandrlno, Napa J Loeb, Williams
R J Dorsey, Ga J A Jennings A w. Or
J J Harris, Texas
PALACE HOTEL.
H A Cohen, Redding S J Johnson, Ohio
P Johnson, Redding C M Condon, Kansas
F H Haradon, Or Mrs Condon. Kansas
G Brown. Seattle Miss Beckel, Kansas
Mrs Brown, Seattle J H Jones, Pa
J A Hardin. Nevada Mrs Jones, Pa
Mrs Hardin. Nevada Jessie Smith. Pa
Miss Hardin, Nevada Louie Miller, Pa
J M Carroll. Camden Miss B Jones, Pa
Mrs Carroll, Camden Johnetta Jones. Pa
A A Jones, Pa Marshall Jones. Pa
Miss L Selek. Pa H L Jones, Pa • .»
W S Van Brocklin.N T G W Miller. Pa
Mrs Van Brockltn.N T Mrs Miller, Pa
F Van Brocklin. N V Mrs W G Grover, Pa
T Mansfield. NT T Smith. Mass
Mrs Mansfield, N T Mrs Smith, Mass - ; . >
S Quilhot, NT Mrs E Curtis, Mass
Mrs Quilhot. N T Misses Curtis. Mass
Miss Quilhot, NT G I. Munn, Seattle
R van Houen, NT H M Bishop. Conn
Mrs yon Houen. NT C W Wllhelm. Pa
Mrs W H Granby, N T Mrs J Wood. Pa
H W Brant. Chicago Miss J W Reily, Pa
J F Lawless, ' Seattle J R Wood. Pa ,
E L Morris. Fanto » WtJ Wood. Pa
' Mrs Morris, Fargo Jos Wood, Pa ¦
Mr .Baker. Japan W W Chapin, Sacto
Mrs Baker, Japan W.W Tines. lowa
Miss Baker, Japan L S Laughlin, lowa
Fanny A Smith, N T Mrs Laughlin, lowa
C Hammond. Denver W Coffin, Boston
J R Blakeelee Jr, Ohio X Kaza. Japan
T W Cochran. Ky
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Nace; Chicago O WHalsey. Kansas
T W Caidwell. Nevada E Tuftree & w, lowa
E B Noe Nevada H A Church & w. la
A L Delkln,' Georgia J M Gardin & w, Ohio
G C Richards, Michlgn R Watt. Nebraska
T M Crawford, S Jose N Lewis, Seattle !
'J ' McQuade, Antibch L Vlgellus, Victoria
M J Masterson. Butte . J Roche, Colusa
Pde Martini, Sacto |W Bambrick. Eureka
E M McDonald. Stktn;
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and L'nfnrn.
A.^ "BRUNSWICK ~HOui«£ 1« Slxth^Roomi
25c to H per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping ; open-- all night.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
wharf. San Francisco:
lfc^_ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
MBk Mar. 12. 17. 22. 27, Apr. L
HPQk^ Chan*" to company's steamers
Wm MPHra at Seattle.
MHW For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
¦¦ Ib^^^Bl C), Port Toirn.ienil. Seattle,
i^^^QH Tacoma, Everett. Anacorte*
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. Mar. 12. 17. 23. 27.
Apr. 1. and every fifth day thereafter: chanata
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and O. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.j Mar.
10, 15. 20. 25. 30, Apr. 4. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crus. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ncos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Oavlot*.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East Pan Pedro (Los Ang-les) and Newport. »
a. m.. Mar. 12. 16. 20. 24. 28. April 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfora
(San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. m..
Mar. 10. 14, 18, 22. 26. SO, Apr. 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Eneenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Mar. 8. and 7th
cf each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing. f
without previous notice.
TICKET or-FIC'K —4 Nrw Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
A BRANCH office for the reception of . adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1123 Polk *t.: or«>n till 9 p. m.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR. SALK.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
W. E. LANE, phone Main OS. 603 California
St.: everyb--><;y'« plumber.
PLUMBERS.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
VAN NESS. 402—3 sunny connecting rooms,
complete for housekeeping; stationary tubs;
yard.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNeXI— Office and residence,
IG2IU Market «.. bet. Plxth and Seventh.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3278. near Valencia— s sunny
housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry; $20.
THIRTEENTH. 329. near Valencia— 2 sunny
houpekeeplng rooms; stove and water; rent $9.
POST, 945— Sunny newly furnished front and
back alcove*; private; bath; gas; light hskpg.
$750— LODGING house of 40 rooms: best location
In Oakland; apply quickly. ALDEN CO.. 1113
Broadway.
TO CAPE NOME VIA
KATMAI.
Parties Interested address A. J. WTLSON. Ta-
coma, General Delivery P. O. Letter taken.
SCHOONER VOLANTE sails April Ist for
NOME and TORK. The captain has had long
experience Jn Bering Sea and promises to land
as early as Ice will permit. Chance to pros-
pect Islands on the war If desirable. For
freight or passage apply on board, CAPT. M.
WHITE. Bulkhead, between Mission and
Howard sts.
OAK. 119—1 large sunny front room; range;
closet: furnished complete for houskeepg; $9.
POLK. 1217— Sunny housekeeping roomi, 2, 3
or 4. connecting; $10, $12 and $15.
WANTED— OId cold for manuf'g. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason
FOR sale In Oakland— 2 blocks from Adeline
station, in best residence neighborhood; large
¦ modern house; every convenience; lot 100x182
or €0x132, as desired; cheap to close estate:
terms If desired. HERON & HOLCOMB, 1060
Broadway. Oakland; Crocker building, S. F.
MOSS. IS. off Howard, near Seventh— 2 or S
rooms furnished complete for housekeeping.
OAKLAMI REAL ESTATE.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
MARKET, 1538. near City Hall— S unfurnished
rms.: water, yard, sink; rent Jl2; also furn.
I HOWARD. 1324—2 runny rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; gas range.
HYDE. 40S — Two sunny front suites, complete
for housekeeping, Jl6; also suite $14.
FIFTH. 34S — 2 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing; cheap rent.
EDDT. 917— Front housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished; splendid location; private residence.
LKDERER Qulntonlca !» a perfect hair tone;
23c bot- I/e<3erer> foamo shampoo Is the
_ beft &c pkg. G. LEPEnER. 123 Stockton M.
A FINE «ult to order T3O 75. or pants $1 75; our
*r>ocialtr in remnants allows v* to sell cheap-
er than ready-made. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
*t.... bet. 7th and 6th. prop. Qne-prlee Tallor-
w* Co - "2 Kearny. near Sacto.; also 1644
Market «t.. under Ft. Nicholas.
ni>rxrmiC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third^t., near Market: 100 rooms;
2r< to JIM pr nijrht: tl 60 to J6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE fashionable people all co to LKDERER'S
to have their hßlr dreiwd: newest styles and
latest effects. 25c: manlrurinir. 25c; neatest
parlor* In the city. 123 Stockton et.
ELAND'S eeoond-hand clothing store. 79 Ninth:
full value Riven for la<Jie»\ children's cast-off
clothing, trucks, etc. Phone. Howard 1182.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralda: all pain leave? like magic from her
wonderfully rifted hand*. 1343 Howard St.
12500— COST (5000; will exchange for a ranch of
equal value In Napa, Son6ma or Mendoclno
county; 8-room house; corner lot 50x100. W.
, BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1200— NEW 6-room cottage; only 150 cash: bal-
ance Tl5 per month; lot 47x135. W. C.
MORAN.
LOTTEBY DBAWINQ.
official' drawing
OT THE —
KENTUCKY LOTTERY
. ' Decided by the Drawings of
The Canadian Royal Art Union,
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 1900.
Class C, Drawn at 238 and 240 St. James
*.treet, Montreal.
No. Prixe. No. Prize. No. Prize. (No. Prixe.
,19 8 34.... 8 153.... 8| 223.... 8
271 8 273.... 20 310.... 401 335.... 40
407 20 440.... 8 453.... 8| 502 12
THI 8 &82.... 20 564.... 40 971..;. 8
1080 12 10&0.... 8 1133.... 8 1195.... 12
1197 12 1253.... 8 1403.... 8 1421 13
1447 12 1687.... 8 1722.... 8 1750.... 12
1783 8 1542.... 8 1870.... 8 2178.... 8
2222 20 2247.... 8 2538.... 8 2475 8
2512 40 3529.... 12 2593.... 12 2636.... 8
2665 8 2669.... 8 2699.... 12 2723.... 12
2741 20 2931.... 40 3133.... 12 3138.... 8
3151 121 3195.... 40 3377.... 20 3633.... 40
3663..... 60| 3737.... 40 3772 8 37*3.... 12
3788 12i 3807 S| 3912.... 8 3978.... 40
4003 40| 4053.... 200| 4222.... 8 4363.... 8
4386 12 4499.... 8| 4506.... 12 4538.... 12
4561 8. 4565.... 12| 4672.... 12 4900.... 40
6085 20 1 5099.... 12| 5109.... 8 5201.... 8
6274 8 5781.... 20 'j5H5.. ..1000 5891.... 40
6046 8 6151.... 8 6161.... *8 6165.... 8
6218 8 6271.... 8 «288 8 6571.... 12
6612..... 12 6625.... 8 6681.... 8 6751.... 13
6770..... 8 6758.... 12 7123.... 12 "150.... 12
7237 12 7233.... 12 73M).... 8 7486.... 12
7512 8 7543.... 40 7552.... 8 7659.... 8
7714 8 7525.... 8 8233.... 12 8381.... 20
8525 8 ih-n.... 8 8785.... 8 8835.... 60
9115 20 9224.... 60 9265.... 12 9271.... 40
9303 20 9330.... 8 9419.... 8i 9839.... 12
9312 S| 9940.... 4010'»52.... 4'7|1'X192.'... »
10200 12110219.... 8 10231.... 20,10259.... 8
10302 12 10830.... 12 10446.... 40|10626.... i
10627 8 10623.... 8 10559.... 12110557.... 8
10967..... 8 11224.... 8 11363 12111413.... 12
11487 20 11496....* 12 11499.... 20 11855.... *
11928..... 8 11976.:.. 8 12063.... 8 12081.... 8
12195 12 12442.... 12 12443.... 20 12493.... 13
12583 20 12554.... 8 12670.... 12 12703.... 20
12810 8 12814.... 8 12016.... 12 12951.... 8
13010..... 40 13173.... 8 13258.... 8 13363.... 40
13106 12 13418.... 8 13465.... 20 13519.... 40
13575 12 13698.... 200 13512.... 8|1392«.... 8
14052 8 1420S 40 14741.... 20115437.... 8
15433 8 15474.... $15488.... 12f15634.... 8
15717 40 15727.... 8 15737.... 20115500.... 29
15834 12 15&51.... 20 15557.... S 15942.... 12
15967 12 15935.... 12 16083.... 8|16106.... 8
1619S 12 16239..;. 8 16303.... 20J16332.... 8
16451 40 16524.... 40 16541.... 8J16672 40
16856 20 16927.... 8 16.055.... 20;16937.... 8
17039 8 17063.... 8 17474.... 5J17554.... 20
17642 40 17713.... S 1T720.... 20 17877.... 8
17961 20 15033.... 12 18074 20 18135.... 8
18178..... 8 18155.... 12 18197.... 20 18241.... 4000
18271..... 8 15365.... 8 18422.... 8 15634.... 12
15656 8 18677.... 12 13711.... 12 19253...- «0
19333 12 13378.... 8 19524.... 8 1953 6.... 13
1&612 12 19683.... 8 15766.... 5j19804.... 12
19572 20 20104.... 20 20196.... 12i20237.... 12
20338 8 20609.... 20(20834.... 8 20918.... 1»
20981 12 21010.... 20121001.... 20 21174.... 12
21365 8 21425.... 20 21426.... 8 21459 12
21516 -8121530.... 60 21641.... 20 21643.... 20
21662 12121732.... 20 21847.... 2021874.... 8
21923 ¦ .8|21990.... 5!220«.... 12 22U1.... 13
22113 "8 22195.... 8 22212.... 8 2^443.... 8
22568 20 22618.... S 22H99.... 20 22705.... 12
22927 823C69.... 40 23316.... '20 23321.... 8
23479 8 23550.... 20 23606.... S 23753.... 12
23565 8 238661... S 23520.... 8 23923.... 20
hno 8 23373.... 40 23374.... 12 23384.... 8
24119 20 24343.... S 24370.... 12,24607.... 8
24323 12124990.... 8 24994 40j2;>117.... 20
25509 8 25808.... 8 25837.... 40 26162.... 20
26269 • 8 26358.... 20.26353.... 12 26363.... 8
26470 40 26495.... 12 26665.... 40 25921.... 8
i 7048 8 27216.... 20 27215.... 8 27220.... 8
27263 . S 27334.... 40 27353.... 5127415.... 40
£iS7 8 27547.... i 27653.... 12J25208.... 8
28209 8 28254.... 8 28326.... »»«*»? «
25548 40 25750.... 8 28756.... 12 28,69.... 12
28946 20 29118.... 20 23265.... 12129273.... 12
55343 12 23379.... 8 29455.... 5|25873.... 13
30076 ..... 8 30254 8 30293.... 2030307.... 12
30323 8 30409.... 12 30532.... 12130574.... 20
§0652 530654.... 40 30742.... 12|30752.... 20
30T94 8 30963.... 12 31095.... 8|31140.... 8
Sim" 20 31201.... 12 31316.... .isblSS.... 40
31548 8 31646.... 12 31687...: 20f31798.... 20
31855..... 8 31320.... 8 31960.... 8;31»92.... 8
51997 8 32043J... 8 32257.... . 8 32205.... 12
32318 20 32400.... 12j32533.... 8 3251 a.... 8
52642 6032992.... 8 33150.... «»?«*•— .!
3335 .... 40 33452.... 8 5330 L... 203i>4..... 12
g&»2 8 33320.... 12 33353.... 20J33355.... 8
84006 .... 20 34175.... 12 34283.... 12|34309.... 8
84595 .... • 1234638.... 12 34635.... 12 34722.... 12
34763 1234790.... 12134581.... 8 34556.... 12
J4S9O. .. 834911-:-)! 4034363.... 8 35281.... 12
• 35430 2035534.... 8 35633.... 8j25687.... 12
35534 . 8136156.... 8 36297.... 20 3634*.... 40
36410 8 36476.... 8 36604.... 8 36618.... 12
36639 20 36642.... 2036730.... 8 36793,... 8
36*06 20 36867.... 8 36898.... 40 37101.... 20
37177 40 37361.... 8 37437.... 20 37510.... 12
87787 40 37843.... 8 37901.... 12 38023.... 8
35078 20 38112.... S 38121 8 383b9.... 8
38435 8 38600.... 8133657.... 8 35693.... 40
35731..... 40 3*773.... 8138845.... 6035595.... 8
39072 8 39238.... 40 39254.... 12139404.... 20
394H6 8 39558.... 12 33567.... 12 35609.... 8
39R70 ... 40 39720.... 60 33729.... 8 33975.... 8
40229 12 40511.... 12 40535.... 2»«600.... 12
40626 12 40685.::; 12 40745.... 20 40758.... 8
40967 .. S 41073.... 8 41076.... 200)41274.... 20
41349.... 12 41364.... 20 41739.... 20 41753.... 12
41803 12 41572.... 8 42014.... 8 42040.... 8
42041 8 42052.... 8 12071.... 8 42W>.... 13
4373 .. 8 42381.:.. 12 42429.... 12 42491.... 8
42505 ' 8 42650.:.: 8 42700.... «0 «3037.... |
JIoCT 8 43091.... 8 43116.... 8 43460.... 8
435-' . 8 43528:. 12 43531.... 12 43563.... 13
«584 I 43640.... 8 43759.... 8 43*41.... 8
43561 ":.: ? 43568.... 8 43886.... 8 43924.... 8
43997 12 44209.... 8 44225.... 8 44323.... 8
4«30 20 44353.... 8 44521.... 20 44616.... 40
44689. 8 44812.... 40 44536.... 20 44321.... 49
4503 ft 20 45042.,.. 12 45125.... 20 45135.... 40
4F217 20 45275.... 12 45327.... 12 45330.... 12
43442. 8 45483.... 20 45490.... 8 45533.... 12
IS;! ' 8 45605.... 8 45837.... 20 45879.... S
4^Bo ". 8 45314 .. 20 45348.... 12 46031.... 20
46100. 8 46572.... 8 465*8.... 8 46653.... 60
4fiS63 8 46713.... 8 46341.... 8 46*52.... 12
IS ->047014 8 47059.... 2047092.... 12
4*^3 12 47274 20 47304.... S 47570.... 8
J;S3S 1' 47358 20 45097.... 8 43117.... »
48157::::: SuW... »«mj.- »i"» :: » ,1
45C59 ... 12 48744.... 8 437*9.... 2045..5.... 13
48831 "48938 12 43014.... 40 43041.... 8
y sfeVsssEs.aaE^
£ |ill SSBi JiK:::: %
JOBl9 13,51012.... 8 31092.... 12 51106.... 12
X::: 40M469.... ssi.™.... 551525....s 5152s.... ¦ »
51^69 : 8 51637.... 12 51651.... 12 51720.... 12
11$, 8 51384.... 8 51993.... 12 52006... . 8
52^5 12 52126.... 8 52167.... 815215.>.... 8
PJm . 8 52403.... 12 52484.... 60 52491.... 8
?2«i 12 52625.... 8 52736.... 8 52599.... 20
53061 20 53U0. .. 60 53163.... -8 53199.... 20
5^9 8 53357 8 53415.... 12 53486.... 500
53793"... 8 53815.... 12 53978.... 8 53991.... 8
54P« 12 54051.... 8 541 M.... 8 54215.... 8
H23S" . 8 54345.... 8 54422.... 8 54601.... 13
Hew::!.: I 54624.... 8 54755.... 12 54*83.... 20
rJvU 20 54931.... 854377.... 12 55017.... 8
E5049::::: sssm.... « \^m.... s.-^.... w
55224 8 55323.... 40 55353.... 8 53365.... 12
£5441 12 55459.... 20 55522.... 8 55504.... 12
E5597 . 12 55650..-.. 12 55759.... J 55819.... 20
8E847 20 56001.... 40 56009.... 12 .
%051 2056079.... 8156337.... 12 56397.... 8
win::::: Sswn.... 1256545.... 1256719.... s
56R80 S 56905.... 8 56906 8 36923.... 20
57035 8 57262.... 40 573*8.... 12 57401.... 8
57423 1257469.... 20 57517 8 57566.... 8
57334 8 57679.... 20 57879.... 12 57881.... 8
57948 . 40 58051.1.; 12|5808L... 20 58098.... 2}
55130 20 58147.... 12 58428.:.. 8 58747... . 12
55820 . 12 38329.... 8 59067.... 8 5Q330.... 20
5^2 60 09524.... 12 59543.... 8 60080.... 500
60155.'... 20 60183.... 8 60520.... 12 60539... . 20
6055") .... 40W48.... 20 60964.... 12 61022.... 8
61136 12161137.... 12 61177.... 8 61229.... 8
61427 .. ' 12:61463.... 8 61721.... 8 61904.... S
61976 ... 20 62072.... 40'«2!08.... 12 62520.... 8
6263S 8 62551.... 12162738.... 12 63004.... 40
63034 12 63052.... 20 63125.... 8 63193.... 8
63250 20 63233.... 20 63254.... 12 63449.... 20
5514 200rt 63333.... 8 63R03.... 6063645.... 12
63659 ::: SesToo::-:: s 63702..... 20 63723.... 20
63880 20 640+4.... 8 65063.... 8 64076.... 40
64097 :. 8 64190...'. 8 64192.... 20 64243.... 8
6443* ... 8 64459.... 12 64537.... 20 64702. ...• 40
64719!.... 8 64506..-. 20:63039.. .. 8 66095.... 8
85175 8 65244::.:: 8 65273:.." 8 65439.... 12
65503 12 1 6T>544.... 12165567.... 20 65634.... 8
63528 8(85342.... 8 63947.... *> 66008.... ' 8
66250 12 65702.... f 66726... . 12 66734.... 8
56734 .... 866757.... 8 67066.... 8(67154....' S
67318. ... 12 67415.... 12 67441.... 12 67538.... 8
67748 ¦ 8 67829.... 12 650C7.... 8 68076.... 20
68149 .... 12 602H6.... 40 68502....- 8,68760.... 12
68778 12 65534.... 4063019.... 12 69022.... "8
6»243"... 8 69364.... 8|63500.... 8 69530.... 20
69597 8 63614.... S «9639.... 8 63644.... 8
63694.... 863524.... 207M31.... 8 70672.... *
70620..... 200 70786.... 8 70566.... 8 71006.-... 20
71134 20 71137.:.. 20 71203.... 2071223.... 12
71236 ... 8 71459.... 12 71373.... 40:71588. ... 12
715Q" 12 71595.... 4071645....' 40J71565.... 12
72222" . 8 72241.... 20 72367.... 12 72283.... 8
72431":... S 72632.... S 72K54.... 8 72808.... 12
72'iC9 ... 12 73024.... 12 73141.... R 73143.... 8
73219 ... 8 72293.... 8 73315.... 5J73513.... 8
73339:... 2073523.... 80173670.... 8173725.... 40
7374* . 12173329.... 13 74061.... 12174072.... 40
74203'- ' • 8174221.... 20!?4257.... 20174335.... 1J
74^*1 40174602.... 8174606 40 74920. ... . 8
74143" 20 74999 20|73073.... ¦ 8 73137.;;. 40
75405".... 12 75431.... 20)73611.... 20 75627.... 29
75673... 12 75551..;. 81»!586.... 40i73390.:.. 20
78047' 8 76160.... 60 76219.... 40! 76138.... 40
76327'" . 20578352.... 8 76623.... 40176787.... 8
76£1»\... 8 76549.... 8 7&574.... 12176357 12
77078.... 20 77141.... 40 77249.... 20(77323.... 40
77348 8 77461.... 20 77502.... 8 77697.... 8
77716.... JO 77735. . \. ' 40177900.... '• 8178134.... 20
78174 .. 8 75344.... 8178489.... 12 78571.... 20
78580".;: 575339.... 12173945.... 8 7*999.... 8
7W16 8 79171.... 2079179.... 127337!.... 60
79443 ... 12!79-138.... 8 79520:. .V '12 79546. ... 9
7->75l . 13000 73795.... 20150046.... , 8(80138.. .'. 8
80320 ' ¦ »18044«.... 60150535.:.. 8 80700.... 8
80800"... 12509«3.... 12 81164.... 20 8118*.... 40
81315..... 8 81330.... 8 51359..-.. 20 31460.... , 8
81539..... - 8 81561.... 12 81753 S 31734.... S
81984.... :,"!» 81938.... 8 52076.... 8 82310.'... 12
82410..... 12 82619.... 40 82325.... ,40!83015.-... 20
83044..... 8 83051.... S 53035.... 2053105.... 40
83157..... 20 93201.... 8 532«0.... 8153334.... 20
g3514 ' 2083601.... 40 53781.... 20;?4139.... 12
84144..... 8 84191.... -.12184206.... 20!54tt».... 12
84435..... 8545 M..:: 12(8472^.... .20.g436i»..-.. 60
85026 , -8 8M35...V.. 8185060.;.; 12 j 55076..'.. 12
85195..... 8 85230.... 40185542.... ¦ 12185565..;. 8
85396..... 20 85«0J..;. 12155507..;. 8i53510.... 8
55856 12'?^915.... 40185354.... 2015WM1.... I
86067..%.. 8186070 40186126.... 12186171... . •
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
LOTTEBY DBA WIND.
poration), lot on N corner of Center place and
South Park. NW 97:6 by NE 47:6; $10. :
• Antolne i and Grade Borel (by attorney) to
Jean P. and Catherine Bernadou. lot on'W line
of Eleventh avenue, 100 8 of Lake street, 8 25
by W120; $10. . > v. • ¦
John and Blanche E. McGaw to Orvllle R.
Baldwin, lot on N line of Point Lobos avenue,
100 W of Twentieth avenue, W 50 by N 100;
also lot on E line of Thirty-sixth avenue, 200
N of B street; N- 100 by E 120; $10.
Callaghan Estate Company (a corporation) to
Samuel G. Nix, lot on W line of -Eleventh
avenue, 225 S of H street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Solomon an<i Dora Getz to Wallace P. An
gelo, lot. on E line of -Tenth avenue, 187:6 S
of X street, 8 37:6 by E 120; $10.
Margaret A. Martin to Emelle Desenfant/ lot
on E line of Twenty-flrst avenue, 200 8 of L
streeet. S 60 by E 120; $10.
John Pforr to Henry F. Blanchet Jr., lots
1 and 6, block 5, Garden Tract Homestead Ad
dition; $10. ..,.¦••¦.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to Emma
T. Lee lot on N corner of H street and Thir
tieth avenue, NE 100 by.NW 75, block E3l, Bay
.View: Homestead; $10. ¦ .
John W. and Ellen Morris to J. J. Raver,
lot 42, block 123. Sunnyslde Addition No. 1; $10.
Perry J.' and Emma G. Smith to same, lot
on SE line of Munich street, 200 SW of Russia.
SW SO by BE 100. block 92. same; $333.
Alameda County.
L. ¦ H. and Llzile Sly to Vlrglnte Chamber
lain (wife of V.), lot 6. block B. Broadway and
Telegraph-avenue Park Tract. Oakland; $10.
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to Felton Taylor,
lot on W line of Webster street. 100 S of Thirty
second. S 35 by W 100, block 3, Pacific Home
stead, Oakland; $10.
W. C. and Lillle G. Moran to George J. Clark,
lot on E line of Dover Btreet. IS4 S of Mariposa,
S 83 by E 125. being lots 1 and 2, block F, Brum
agtm Tract W of I Shattuck avenue, Oakland
(subject to a mortgage for $300) ; $10. ¦ .
Caroline Mosse and Charles H. Ellis Jr. to
Anton Christensen. lot on SW comer of Castro
and Fourth etreels. 8 100 by W 100, being lots
14 to IS, block 25, Oakland; $10.
George and Mandana E. Chase to Sarah B.
Harrington, lot on NW line. of Ninth avenue.
100 SW of East Sixteenth street. SW 43 by NW
120. block 70, Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Ed
gar Bishop, lot 4. plat 40. Mountain View Cem
etery, Oakland Township; *60.
Willard C. Bruson to Henry G. Whittle, lot
on E line of Boise street. 325 S of Blackstone,
S 50 by E 100. being lots 30 and 31, block A,
Dohr Tract. Berkeley: $10. ¦. •
Builders' Contracts.
I John Pennington (owner) with William Lin
den (contractor),' plans by owner — All work for
two-story frame building with concrete foun
dation on.W line 'of Folsom street. 125 S of
Twenty-fourth. 3 25 by W 122:6, M. B. 172;
$3300. '
Mrs. Annie P. Shotwell (owner) with Paul
Agmar (contractor), architect Albert Plssls—
Painting, polishing, whitewashing for building
on S line of O'Farrell street, 137:6 E of Mason,
E 67:6 by S 97:6; »ISI5 V
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 14, 1900.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
11400-CORNER lot: Santa Clara aye.; 60x150;
near Morton-st. station.
$1500— Fine lot;. 60x150: Paru st., near the
bay; bargain.
$1000— Elegant lot, west side of Lafayette St.,
near San Antonio aye.; snap. •
$3200 — New modern 8-room house; Alameda
avenue, near Lafayette St.; large lot. * ¦
$3000 — New Colonial, 7-room- cottage: Grand
ft., near Alameda aye.; easy installments;
large lot; snap.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda: all the
above can be bought on easy terms. ,
Office open Sundays and evenings. «
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT,
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
$10oo— $1600 CASH; 4 rooms and bath; fruit
trees; 50 varieties of roses; one-half block to
R. R. station; all eewered. W. C. MORAN.
$1800— NEW 6-room cottage;' lot 40x100; street
work all done; tried sink: porcelain bath tub;
only $300 cash; balance $15 per month; 1 block
to cars. W. C. MORAN.
RANCHES and other outside property to ex-
change for Berkeley property. W. C MORAN.
BEE the new house I have on Grove st. W. C
MORAN. Lortn Station. Berkeley. ....
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATES.
WANTED— To rent about S ¦ acres between
Fruitvale and Hay wards, fitted up for
chicken ranch; orchard. Address A: 8., 945
Grace aye., Golden Gate, Alameda Co., Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
$4500 WILL buy new modern house. 12 rooms;
fine improvements; large stable. 1520 Eighth
aye.. Oakland; k-eys next door south.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
SUNNY rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
ing: $4 up. Hotel ShaMa. 1226 Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post st., cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner suite and single rooms: hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nUhed rms., suites, Flngle; also unfurnished.
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gats
aye.— Sunny corner: well furn.: rms. & offices.
ELLIS. 61S— Elegantly furnished front and back
parlor; also elngle room.
FOLSOM. 965. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furn'shed rooms; suites or single; new mgmt.
GEART. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, suites or single; travelers accom.
HANCOCK House. 7gl Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
THE 0. ft. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P>OrtTl-.-A.3Sr3D
From So«ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE £l 2 First Class Including Bertft
Ifini. $8 Second Class and Meala.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
..-. March 14. 24. April 3
COLUMBIA sails March ». 19. 29. April S
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butts.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. .•'
Superintendents^
AMERICAN LINE.
RW TOKI. BOUTHAMPTOK. LONDOS. PASIS.
Stopping -at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday. 10 a. m.'
St. Paul March 14|St. Paul April 4
Kensington ...March 21 St. Louis April 11
New Tork March 23INew Tork April 13
RED STAR LINE. J*
New York, aryi Antwerp.
From New Tcrk every Wednesday, 11 noon.
Westernland ..March 14|Frlesland April 4
Kensington ...March 21 Southward April 11
Noordland ....March 28! Westernland ...April IS
• * EMPIRE LIME.
Seattle. St MlcbaeJ. . Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisement* and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9p. m. . '
DIED.
Anderson, Emll L. Kane, Frank
Andrews, Amund McCarthy, John
Breslauer, Henry McNelll. William
Brommer. Johann F. O'Brien, Dennis
Corrigan. Michael O'Neill. Charles P.
Cranna, Marie L. Panhorst. Carrie F.
Doering. John J. Pudln, Louis
Donahue, Dennis Roberts, Mrs. Mary
Flynn, Thomas Selleck, JoseDh E.
Friek. Malcom S. Thomas. Charles L.
Graham,. George G. Tobln, Mary
Griff. William Wellheimer. Adeline
Hawley, Mary J. Weinberger (Infant)
Hepworth, Susan • Wels, Sister M. Sa-
Hoffman, William A. bastienne . '. .
Hull, George L.
ANDERSON— In this city, March 11. 1900, Emll
Leonard Anderson, a native of Sweden, aged
20 years and IS days.
¦ CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, corner of Post, under the aus-
pices of the Scandinavian Society. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
TO officers and members of the Scandinavian
Society— You are hereby requested to attend
'the funeral of our late member. Emll L.
Anderson, to-morrow (Thursday), from the
parlors of the. California Undertaking Com-
pasy, 405 Powell street, corner of Post. .Serv-
ices commence at 9:45 o'clock sham*. By
order of CARL A. HAGSTROM. President.
• C. A. ANDERSON. Secretary. :
ANDREWS —In this city. March 12, 1900,
Amund, beloved husband of Araenda An-
drews, and father of Emily and Marine An-
drews, a native of. Norway, aged 71 years 6
months and 22 days. »
(r^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1316 Kansas street, near Twenty-
fourth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BRESLAUER— In this city, March 12. 1900,
' Henry, husband of the late Hanchen Bres-
lauer, beloved father of Mrs. J. Cohn of
Susanvllle. Cal., Mrs. J. Slegel and Sadie.
Rose and Jewel Breslauer, and brother of
Baruch and Bernard Breslauer of San Fran-
cisco. Nathan Breslauer of Redding, Marcus
Breslauer of Chlco, Mrs. A. Levy of Duns-
mulr and Mrs. J. Marks of Orovllle, Cal.,
a native of Kempen, Germany, aged 70 years.
C7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend, the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock, at his late residence, 1416
' Geary street. - Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. .
BROMMER-In tills city, March 11 1900. Johann
Friedrlch Brommer, eldest and dearly beloved
son of Mrs. Christine Warnkee and the late
Dick Brommer. I and beloved brother of Dick
Brommer. a native of San Francisco, aged 29
years 2 months and 24 days. - . - ¦
IC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at ' 2 o'clock, from his late
. residence, 2697 Mission street, corner Twenty-
third. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ,
CORRIOAN— In this city. March 13. 1900, Mich-
ael Corrigan, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years. • ~ ¦.: • " .
ItT' Remains at the parlors of i James Mc-
Menomey 6c Son, ¦ 10S7 Mission street, near
I Seventh. , %
CRANNA— In this city, March 13, 1900, Marie
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO., ,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher), ¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. . v
. Telephone . South 80. . .
11Helpers of Zion Society.
At B'nal B'rith Hall to-night, at 8:30
o'clock, a public meeting will be held In
connection with the Helpers of ZiontSo
clety. Addresses will be delivered by
Rabbis M. S. Levy and Isidore Myers and
by Otto I. Wise.
To be Shot Like a Dog.
Captain C. M. Chambers of the bay
steamer . Seagull swore to a complaint In
Judge Mogan's , court yesterday for ' the
arrest of Paul R. Williams, an ex-con
vlct,; on the charge of threats against
life. He said Williams had been trying
to . alienate his j wife's affections, and. be
cause he had ordered him to keep away
from the house Williams had wrltten-hlm
a letter, which he received through the
mails yesterday morning, threatening to
"shoot him like a idog." Chambers- wife
had bought a bootblack-stand ¦ for Wil
liams on the corner of Turk arid Mason
streets. • .
THREATENED TO
THROW HER OUT
OF THE WIHDOW
Raoul Auguste : Auzerais; Is
Sued for Divorce by ( His
Second /Wife. \
Suit for divorce .on the ground of cruelty
has been instituted', by- Eva Elizabeth
Auzerals) through her - attorney,' Joseph
Rothschild, against Raoul August© Auze
rals, formerly of'San'Jose, on the ground
of-cruelty.^ • ••..*.-:•¦.:¦••.•¦«.• ¦-¦¦<.•.-.. H .- y •¦':¦¦
'* The plaintiff represents that she and Au
zerals were married in November, 1893,
and that shortly after their marriage the
husband began to treat her cruelly- by
striking her. and applying offensive names
to her, often in the presence of their'lit
tle daughter' Phyllis,* "who Ib now ifour
years of age. On- one occasion it 'ls al
leged that Auzerais dragged his wife to
the window In their apartments in the St.
Nicholas Hotel and had it -not been- for
the interference of the servant girl,'. An
nie Hinklln, Mrs. Auzerais claims that she
would have been hurled to tho pavement
below. * • ;
Mrs. Auzerais recites that her husband
is In receipt of an income of $250 per
month In the brokerage business In the
Parrott building, besides owning valuable
real estate left to him by his father.' who
was a San Jose capitalist, and that she 1 Is
reasonably entitled to the sum of $150
for the maintenance of herself and child.
The unhappy couple for a long time re
sided at 774 Clayton street, at which place
Mrs. Auzerals alleges that most of. the
cruel acts on the part of her spouse took
place. » ¦¦..-,¦¦
Auzerals' first wife," from whom he wan
also divorced, caused something of a sen
sation by going on the stage some years
ago. She married Hereward. Hoyte; an
actor who recently died. They, formed a
company which traveled northward and
met with varying success.. Shortly after
his divorce Auzerals was married In Paris
to his present wife, who had nursed him
through a serious Illness. ¦: They came to
this city immediately after and nave since
resided here.
her, offspring In white dresses and placed
them In bed. Donning a mourning garb
herself, she stuffed the apertures around
the doors ' and windows with paper,
penned a note, that . accused her hus
band of unfaithfulness, and, turning
on the gas,, lay down to die. Four
.bodies, stiff • and cold, were found
in the morning by -the husband, who af
terward vindicated himself of his wife's
charges. There are phases of the case
which* will "always remain a mystery.
• The second incident happened when on
the afternoon of December 16, 1897, Mrs.
Mary Clute was found at . 803 Guerrero
street with her*' skull ; crushed. The
woman, like Mrs. Hepworth; had been in
the house but a short time, and Albert
Verrenesneckockhoff,, who -had been em
ployed to lay carpets In the house, was
'arrested and convicted of murder, it be
ing. alleged thathestruck the unfortunate
woman with a blunt instrument used In
his 'trade.'- . ... ;
IN AID OF SELF
SUPPORTING WOMEN
Professionals and Clever Amateurs in
Pleasing Programme for the
Co-operative Homes.
The benefit for the Co-operative Homes,
Nos. 2, 3 and 4, which took place yester
day afternoon and evening at Golden Gate
Hall netted for the worthy charity a tidy
sum. The afternoon and evening per
formance was of a high order of merit.
Professional talent made up the afternoon
programme and in the evening the Bohe
mian Club minstrels and the exhibition
by members «f . the Olympic Club were
the features of the final programme.
The Co-operative Homes are under th»
supervision of Rev: Dr. John A. B. Wil
son and Mrs. Wilson, and are intended as
homes for self-respecting, self-supporting
small-salaried young women. Home Is o.
2 is located at 645 Folsom street. No. 3 at
4 Veraon place. The beginning of the
worthy work was In New York city In
December, 1593, and Home No. 1 is now
located in the Empire City at 348 West
Fourteenth street. Yesterday's pro
gramme in full was as follows:
Instrumental music: tenor solo. Tom
Green; comic song and dance. Miss Ida
Wyatt; song, Helen Merrill: soprano
solo. Mlsk Julia Cotte: specialty. Alf
C. Whelan:- contralto solo. Miss Fran
ces Graham: cake walk, pupils of Car
ro True Boardman; selection. Miss An
nie Meyers; soprano solo. Miss Floia
Bolllnger: story of the home. Rev. Dr.
John A. B. Gibson.
1 Evening programme— Bones, • Lewis
F. Thorn; Interlocutor. Joseph Rosbor
ough; Sambo. Billy Hynes: overture,
company: song (selected), Ben L. Tar
box; - "Mister Johnson Shut That
Door," Lewis F. Thorn; imitations, Jo
seph Rosborough: "Don't You Cry Ma
Honey." Oscar S. Frank: "It Didn't
Take Lo.ng to Do," Billy Hynes ; "The
Bells of St. Mary," Frank S. Thomp
son. • .
Exhibition by members of the Olym
pic Clvb — Overture, orchestra; soprano
solo. Miss Ryan; "Will Have a Few
Words to Say," -Lewis F. Thorn, lat©
of Bianey's Hired Girl Company: con- .
tralto solo (selected) Mrs. J. E. Bir
mingham: Knickerbocker Quartet,
Messrs. Williams. .Crane, Elliot, Lar
ron; comic song, George Ryan; recita
tion (selected), Blon I* Burns; song,
N. J. O'Brien.
HER ILLNESS WAS NOT
AS BAD AS REPORTED
Mrs. Stanford Returns to This City
' • After Placing University Con
tracts in the East.
. Mrs. Jane . Stanford returned from the
East yesterday morning and will go down
to Palo Alto after spending a few days at
her home on.Californla street, in this city.
The "recent "reports that came from New
York regarding the healthof the univer
sity's patroness have been greatly exag
gerated. . The pneumonia of which so
much was said was nothing more than a
slight attack of grip," which while , un
pleasant was not at all serious. The cor
respondents in the East sent out reports
that made it appear as though Mrs.
Stanford was on the verge of dissolution.
These statements were as unpleasant to
the lady as they were disquieting' to her
friends.
9 While In the East Mrs. Stanford found
plenty of time to attend to the business
connected with the university. She ha^
given to Mr. Lambe, the cousin of Lambs
who designed the Dewey memorial arch,
orders for the memorial stained-glass
windows which are intended for the new
chapel. Lambe has the reputation of
being the best church decorator in the
United States, and it is expected that ho
will further add to his reputation by the
work he will do on the windows. ,
Orders -for the majority of the statues
of the twelve . apostles which will sur
round the nave of the church have also
been placed, and it will not be long before
some of them arrive at their destination.
Mrs. Stanford will remain on the coast
until May or June, when- she will leave
for Europe and the Paris Exposltion> It
Js her intention to remain in the French
capital for a month or two and then jour
ney In a leisurely manner to the Holy
Land by way of the Mediterranean. She
does not yet know how long she will re
main away, but she will probably be ab
sent the better part of a year, and while
on the Continent' she will keep a sharp
look-out for any works of art that may
help to ornament her beloved university.
Remarkable Series of Gasualties, including Murder, Suicide
and Mystery, in a Quiet Neighborhood on
Guerrero Street. -
Spring opening to-day and to-morrow. 'Ele-
gantly trimmed hats. Sahleln's. 873 Market. •.
Or. Parker's Cough Cure.' One dose will stop
• cough. Never falls. Try It. A}l druggists. •
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., and by :
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
P»xi». i. I8P10; Ktv Itrk, I. IOTOMU * CO.
. aOLJ> BT AIX. DRCOQiaTa
NEW WESTER* HOTEL.
X **£"** ANl> "WASHINGTON BTS.-*m.
S m &££j? In oo^ I**1 **- KINO. "WAR©*
Sft« m £2^M P^ a -«« RooilI »' »0o to n M day!
•" 1° •* J . we- *I W to U0 month. Fr«. batha* ko{
and cold water srery room; tte»v£at£* ba^nfS
Kxwai •l.ratoT tuna mU Siku .
Mrs. Edholm Lectures.
Mrs. Charlton Edholm of Chicago ad
dressed an audience at the Helping Hand
Medical Mission. 641 Commercial street,
last evening on the "Traffic In Girls." Her
address was interesting, and the lady; who
1b the author of a book on the same sub
ject, made many strong arguments against
some forms of society as it exists to-day.
After she had concluded the audience was
entertained with music.
DOZEN SMALL BOYS
GET DRUNK ON WINE
Police Are Trying to Find the Person
Whc Sold It to Them in Order
to Punish Him. "; . >
The police are searching for the person
who sold a gallon of wine to about a dozen
small boys lest Sunday. They took tho
wine with them to Mill Valley and drank
till they were all Intoxicated. One cf the
boj'B, named Dunn, living on Brannan
street, was carried home and drugs had
to be administered to him to get him out
of his drunken stupor.
Policeman Koegel. who has been special
ly detailed on the case, discovered some
of the boys In a vacant lot on Brarnan
street, between Sixth and Seventh, yester
day afternoon. The ringleader. Joseph
Lahey. 15 years of age. living at 709 Bran
nan street, had a big revolver and was
playing cowboy by firing at the fences. He
was arrested and booked at the City
Prison for a public instltuion. He was at
one time an Inmate of the Boys r»nd
Girls* Aid Society and made his escape.
He positively refuses to say where he got
?be wine last Sunday, but Koegel is de
termined to learn the facts.
WILLIAM J. BRYAN IS
COMING TO THIS COAST
Democratic Standard-Bearer to De
liver a Series of 'Addresses — San ,
Francisco Given Overlook.
William J. Bryan, the probable stand
ard-bearer of the Democratic party, will
tour this coast in his own Interests dur
ing the latter part of the present month.'
He so informed J. J. Dwyer, Democratic
National Committeeman, In a letter which'
the latter received yesterday. The visit
of the distinguished leader of the De
mocracy will be fraught with deep inter
est to the followers of his standard, as
he will devote a considerable part of his
speeches to the questions of expansion
and imperialism. His utterances on the
subject will be awaited with curiosity, as
they will be his latest thoughts. Mr.
Bryan will not gratify his local followers
by raising his voice during his brief stay
In ti-s city. He is satisfied with the im
pression he made while here In September,
ISSB, and is certain that the local Dem
ocrats will not have forgotten the words
of alleged .wisdom he dropped in - their
midst at that time.
According to the letter received by Mr.
Dwyer, Mr. Bryan will arrive In Sacra
mento on March 26, and will address the
natives that night, and Immediately after
the meeting will leave for Oregon. He
will spend two weeks touring that State
and Washington, anu is scheduled to re
turn to San Francisco on April 7. He
will not tarry long, but will "just drop In
in an off-hand sort of way" to greet the
locai leaders of Democracy. He will
leave on the night of his arrival for
Fresno, and will deliver an address at
that city on the night of his arrival there.
At the close of the meeting Mr. Bryan
will depart for the southern part of the
State, as he has an appointment to speak
at San Dieco on the night of April 9. The
following afternoon he will address the
citizens of San Bernardino, and the next
evening he will be heard by the people of
Los Angeles. He will depart on April 11
fcr Phoenix, Arizona, where he will bow
a few seeds In the hope that they will
blossom at the next election.
Mr. Dwyer and Seth Mann are making
the arrangements for these, meetings.
DESPONDENT SOLDIER
COMMITS SUICIDE
Went Into the Bathroom of the Con
valescent Hospital and Cut His
: -,-» Throat.
Alfred .Kennedy, a private of Company
F of. the Ninth Infantry, committed sui
cide in the convalescent hospital at the
Presidio yesterday about noon. He cut
his throat with a razor. '
Kennedy was one of the men 'who came
home from the Philippines on the trans
port Grant, which arrived here March 5.
He was suffering from rheumatism, but
as soon as he landed here he began to re
cover, and a week ago he was transferred
to the convalescent hospital. He had not
been paid for two months before he start
ed home, and when ho arrived here he
learned that his descriptive) list had not
been Bent on with him, and consequently
he could draw 110 money until it could be
secured from his company commander.
This would take nearly two months more,
and as Kennedy had no money, he be
came very despondent.
He Bald nothing about ending his trou
bles, so no one suspected anything wron?
when he went into the bathroom of the
barracks where the convalescent hospital
is located. Some one I standing near the
door heard him groan soon after he went
In and then heard his body fall, so he
•pushed open the door and looked in. ¦ He
saw Kennedy lying in the bathtub, with
his-head nearly severed from his body. It
was evident at once that nothing could be
done to save his life, and within a lew
moments he died. -: i .-¦••-
Kennedy enlisted in the army from Ala
bama, where he said he had relatives. Ilia
body will be shipped there. s
It was reported at the Presidio yester
day, that Private Osborn of Battery N,
Third • ArtHlery, stationed at Alcatraz,
was . found dead In hla bed yesterday,
morning at reveille. It Is supposed heart
disease. was what caused his death.
There was a small fire In the quarters of
Light Battery C of f the Third Artillery
yesterday. The light battery occupiep tiie
third or middle building of the row of
brick barracks. Some one had left a cigar
or cigarette smoldering ', among 1 some
papers, and they took fire. There wp.s a
small blaze, but large enough to cause the
fire call to ; be : sounded,", and the garrison
went to fire quarters on the double-quick.
The blaze. was extinguished before it did
much damage. ." - • ; - .' -\>- : . - •-.-:;
: Acting Assistant Surgeons John F.'keep
er, William H. Walker and Frederick IV
Branch have been assigned to duty at the
general hospital pending their assignment
to the Philippines. V
FELL FROM A RUNWAY
AND BROKE HIS NECK
Edward O'Brien/ a laborer, 35 years of
age and residing at 1206 Folsom street, wag
instantly killed by falling from a runway
belonging to the Pacific Coast Coal Com
pany at Beale-street wharf last evening.
The unfortunate man was engaged In
hauling coal from the steamship Wil
lamette to the coal bunkers on the wharf,
and was hauling a wheelbarrow over the
runway when he lost his balance and fell
twenty-two feet to the deck. below. When
he was picked up it was found that he had
been instantly ¦ killed... His head struck
the deck and it is supposed that his heck
was broken. Fitzgerald was unniarrie.l
and had no family, except two cousins re
siding in this city. The body was taken
to the Morgue by Deputies Smith and
Meehan, where an Inquest will be held. ¦
NO PAIN ! NO GAS !
- Teeth extracted and filled absolutely without
pain by our late sctentlflo method. No sleep-
producing agents or cocaine. These ar* ta»
only Dental Parlors In San Francisco that haT.
the patent appliances and Ingredients to ex-
tract, fill and apply gold crowns and porcelain
crowns, undetectable from natural teeth and
warranted for 10 years, without the least par-
ticle of pain. Gold crowns and. teeth without
plates, gold fillings and all other dental work
done painlessly and by specialists.
GOLD CKOWN ASD BUDGE WOBX A STIOIALTT
(We. guarantee a fit or no pay.)
22-K Cold Crowns ~.53.00
Gold Fillings 1.00
Silver Fillings _ .60
Teeth Without Plates 5.00
Dental Parlors;
(HISTORY BOTLDDJO).
723 Market St.
(Portland Office— Fonrth and Morrison Btrr^ts. J
eggs for aprii! and may'
Parties desiring to purchase choice stock fo»-
cold. storage or Inning purposes will profit by
communicating wtth us. We will. guarantee to
deliver In quantities of IS caaes and upward
during April and May at 13Hc per dosen. Ad-
dress
SPENCER REFRIGERATXN-O CO.,
Kansas City. Ma.
<77\P N'OTHER tragedy has been added
II \\ to the long list on record at the
I. — *\ Coroner's office against the."hoo-
U \>doo" side of "hoodoo" block 800
on Guerrero street. Closely fol
lowing the brutal murder of Mrs. Mary
Clute at No. 803. and. the suicide of Mra.
Olga Duess, after she had dressed her
three children in white burial robes and
then murdered them, at.BO9H. comes' the
accidental asphyxiation of aged Mrs. Hep
worth at No. 831. ¦ < .
Yesterday morning Emma Gand, a ser
vant in the Hepworth household, went to
call her mistress for breakfast. Receiv
ing no response she opened the door and
was horrified to find the room fllle.d with
the fumes of Illuminating gas. She sum
moned the. woman's son,- William B..Hep
worth, who sleeps in the next room, who
found that his mother was dead. Inves-
tlgation . made by representatives from
the Coroner's office showed that the key.
to one of the gas-burners was' loose, and
it is presumed that the woman, who was
aged and infirm, extinguished the flame
and then [ accidentally turned the key
again with her;unsteady hand. Mrs. Hep
worth had been. a resident of the fatal
block but a few months.. - When moving
into the house where' her death occurred
she Injured her back, and was obliged to
spend some time in the Waldeck Sana
torium, from which she returned two
weeks ago. Deceased was 63 years of age
and a native of Ireland. Her.body was
not taken to the Morgue, but, an, inquest
will beheld later .in the. week. . ¦ ¦• ..
The first of the. strange series of tragic
coincidences which', serve to .make block
MX) famous in Morgue annals was the sen
sational deaths of Mrs, OlKa Dunss and
her three . children . at fcO9«4 . Guerrero
street on March 31, 189 C. j The woman,', who
is believed -to have -been insane,; dressed
DEPARTMENT!
Special Offering!
100 pieces Extra HeaYD Satin Striped
and Woven Striped Taffeta Gros-
Graln Silks, In light and medlnm
colorings, full 24 Inches wide. .
PR PL &% ¦ fff %
llip rtllbt ' *1.151A8D,
f pieces New Foulard Silks, pure
satin finish, latest colorings and
full 27 Inches wide, all small
PRICE, $1,00 m
The above goods on display in
oup large show-window.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
UNIVERSITY IS
AGAIN ASSISTED
BY MRS. HEARST
Archsßological Museum at
Berkeley Is-Enriched by
Her Generosity.
>
Session of the Board of Regents.
Superabundance of Gold for
a Medal Proves a
Problem.
At a meeting of the Board of Regents
of the University of California yesterday
afternoon President Wheeler made an an
nouncement that will gratify the people
of the State. He said Mrs. Hearst was
engaged in collecting material for the
archaelogical museum at Berkeley, and
he was authorized to announce to the Re
gents that Dr. George A. Reisner has been
employed to conduct archaelogical work
In Egypt for the University of California.
He is engaged for the term of five years.
Dr. Uhle has been engaged to conduct
archaeological work In South America and
Yucatan for the term of live years.
Dr. Philip Mills Jones has been engaged
to conduct the same kind of work in Cal
ifornia. New Mexico and Arizona. -Both
Dr. Reisner and Dr. Uhle were engaged
one year ago, and favorable reports of
their researches have been received.
Dr. Alfred Emerson, recently proff.BSOr
of archaeology at Athens, will confer with
Mrs. Hearst about undertaking explora
tions in Greece and Etruria.
President Wheeler remarked that Mrs.
Htarst accepted the responsibility -for all
expenses of the work accomplished and
the explorations In view. • .
The Kepents expressed their sense of
gratitude for Mrs. Hearst's generosity by
b. vote of thanks.
The Regents in attendance were: Wil
liam T. Wallace (presiding), Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, Albert Miller. K. A. Den'c k*.
John E. Hudd. Dr. Chester Rowell, Dr.
Ocorge C. Pardee H. S. Foote, Lieutcnanr
Governor Jacob H. Neff, Speaker \ldse
Anderson. Charles W. Slack. Mrs. Hearst,
Gerome Houghton, James A. Waymire
and J. B. Reinsitin.
There was some diversion yesterday
from the routine of granting and extend
ing furloughs "without impairment of
salary." 10 the gifted professors of the
groat institution of learning at Berkeley.
Several of the highly esteemed !n the se
lect circles of higher education who are
now romping around the Old World, wait
ing for the Paris Exposition to open, were
of course accorded extensions of time.
Professors Le Oonte. Rising and Strong
ham were accredited as representatives
of the university to various congresses
fa the old country.
When a proposition was submitted to
give Professor Bailey a leave to loiter for
three months without loss of salary Re
gent Fooie called for the reading of a
rule regarding furloughs. The rule en
tities a professor who has served seven
years to one year's leave of absence
"without impairment of salary." It was
found that Mr. Bailey was ehy one year
«i the seven, but the board In its liberal
ity Fuspcndt-d the rule and granted the
leave.
This expression, "without Impairment
of salary." is not local. President Wheeler
imported it from Cornell. The elite of
the faculty prefer it to the hackneyed
term, "without loss of pay."
The rtgents were neither entertained
nor instructed by a communication from
Marsden Manson, a Commissioner of
Mayor Phelan's precious Board of Public
Works. As the Board of Works is doing
nothing for San Francisco perhaps the
Commissioner fancied that a letter de
ploring the faults of the constitution of
California would be acceptable to the
publir. He advised the university pro
fessors and students to apply themselves
to the task of framing a new constitu
tion. The conservation of waste water
was mentioned. The voluminous docu
tr.er.t was referred to a committee con
sisting of Wallace. Foote and Reinstein.
The board was highly entertained ovc-r a
relating to the gold medal
which la annually awarded to the most
distinguished graduate. In the days long
gone, when pold was plentiful and hlsjher
education far away, enterprising citizens
of California "chipped in" and raised a
modal fund. It was provided in the gift
to th<- university that the Interest accru
ing from the fund. should annually be ex
pended in th<? i urchase of a gold medal
to be presented to the most advanced stu
dent. It happens this year that the
amount available for the medal is $240.
The academic ci-uncil holds that a medal
containing more than $109 worth of gold
would be too large for the most distin
guished of brilliant students. It was sug
gested therefore that so much of the
money as would bp necessary to procure
a suitable medal should be appropriated
to that purpose and the cash surplus In
the fund be tnned over to the medal
scholar, to be used by him or her in the
pursuit of still higher education.
The discussion did turn upon questions
of propriety as applied to the size of med
als. Californians. and especially the ar
gonauts, will readily agree that gold to the
value of $240 is not too much for a medal
designed for presentation to a chief of a
fire department or the captain of a big
steamship. The academic council, how
ever, holding that knowledge Is more pre
cious than gold, fancied that a small-sized
token would signalize the achievement in
scholarship, and leave the champion some
thing to spend for future Intellectual ex
pansion. .
The lawyers, Wallace. Foote. Slack and
Waymire. did. not discuss the ethics In
volved. Judge Wallace cares for neither
monuments or medals, but he noted the
terms of the medal trust provide that the
money annually available must bo
used to purchase, a gold medal.
Lawyer Foote feared that the trust
might be declared void If there were
any departure from the terms of the
contract. When it began to dawn upon
the minds of President Wheeler and other
Ilogents that the prize scholar of ISM)
would have to sport a medal as big as the
bigrest worn by a champion prize fighter
there was apprehension that the bounty
of the pencrous old Callfornians would
prove embarrassing. The cloud of appre
hension was, however, quickly dispelled
by the Fagaclty of Albert Miller, the
banker and savant of the board. He sug
gested that the medal should be of ap
propriate else and the residue of the gold
FhouJd be wrought Into the case. He even
estimated that the holder could do with
the ca?e as he or she pleased. Surely
lieutenant Governor Neft gained the im
pression that the medal scholar In dire
distress would be Justified under the law
of self-preservation in pawning the case.
Tet Mr. Miller did not go that far In sug
gestion. The lawyers perceiving that the
lsw quoted had no. bearing on the case,
accepted the advice of Mr. Miller. Doubt
less the Academic Council will be in
structed to Invest the available money In
a medal and a case.
Before the board adjourned Professor C
L Corey was excused from all work for
one year by relinquishment of his salary.
He has accepted the position of consult
ing engineer in an electrical company.
President Wherler Is anxious that the
professor's relations to the university
shall rot terminate.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"HOODOO" BLOCK, WHERE
DEATH HOLDS BLACK REVEL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 14, 1900.
HIGHBINDERS
AGAIN SHOW
THEIR TEETH
Extra Policemen (Rushed
Into Chinatown.' to ; Pre
vent Another Clash.
Highbinder Murderer, Held in the
Salt Marshes, Evades His Cap
- tors and Makes His
"Esca]>e.^ = *
• * —
Murder was In the air' throughout the
Chinese quarter last night. So serious did
the situation look at one time that the
Chief of Police detached an extra body to
the scene to assist the two squads already
there, and ordered the squad under Ser
geant Shea to discontinue its efforts at
capturing gamblers and keep a close
watch for highbinders. ,
Early in the evening groups of high
binders belonging to the Hop ' Sing Tong
gathered at various places on the streets
and prepared to commit murder. Their
determination resulted from the action of
the Suey Sing Tons In sending trailers
after Jung Ah Lock, who was located
In the salt marshes near Nlles yesterday.
Lock was a member of a faction affiliated
with the Hop Sings in the present war
and they , determined to get revenge for
the action. Another matter that hurt the
Hop Sings also was the recent acquittal
of a Suey Sing man who killed one of their
members at Sacramento. When it became
known that the Hop Sings were on the
warpath for the Suey Sings, the latter im
mediately gathered all of their available
hatchet men together and a clash seemed
imminent for a time.
The police^ were given the information
and immediately reported the seriousness
of the situation at headquarters and
asked for more help. This will be given
them with all possible dispatch, and Chi
natown was' well patrolled last evening.
Yesterday morning. Sergeant Shea, in
company with Judge Conlan and an in
terpreter, visited the City . and County
Hospital and Issued a warrant to Jue
Hok, the highbinder shot by Jung Ah
Lock. Immediately afterward the Ser
geant started for the salt marshes near
Niles, where the Chinese were said to
have Lock a- captive. When the" officer
arrived lie lound that the much wanted
man had evaded his guard during the
night and escaped: It appears that when
the Chinese captured Lock they requested
a town constable to place him under ar
rest. This the constable refused to do.
and it was due to this that the man is still
an outlaw. - •
111 11 Till VihTIII till fiTjTl] !¦ \m ¦ 11 4lll\l MIMM AP^lAftl2h« fllllllll ft If Liiff W4U* will
¦Luinlf! IIPIilllll lllillJililllliifii^L. ¦ »"*^^ l^j Market^t^^Lwhilu flilllilll iiiii* >'"Bfl
4 -Room Furniture
FOR $<$)$.
BEDROOM— Bedroom »et. I pieces, hardwood 1
1 good Wire Sprlne. 1 good Top Mattress, V,
Pair Pillows. • ,
PARLOR— S pieces Oak or Mahogany Ud«
holatervd Set.
DINING-P.OOM — X Hardwood Extension
Table. 8 Oak Chairs.
KITCHEN— I Patent Table. 1 No. T Stor% *
Chairs. • - "
No extra chair* oa credit.
MAKE YOUR OWN I TERM&
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO-
1310-1312 Stockton St.. Near Broadway,
Open Evenings.
nil l/tp Located on Market
r AI.ALh* 11^**- ta cloa »
J. HLrtVl; proximity to bual-
lUn ness section, places
Alill of amusement and
nniirn **v°**: «» rooms.
lik AMn with batn » •*¦
. Ull All 1/ tached. Th« largest
and finest hotels in
HATOI C the worl *- Anaeri-
IIUICL3 can and 1 "*
12