SACRAMENTO'S PLANS
FOR BRYAN'S RECEPTION
Democratic Leader Will Arrive at the*
* Capital at 2 O'clock This
- . Afternoon.' - ¦»
;r RACRAMENTO. March 25.— W. J. Bryan
will reach this city on the overland flyer
at ¦ 2 o'clock to-morrow ;.' afternoon. ¦ »He
will be met at Rosevilie by a number of
prominent Democrats - and : a • reception
committee .will - receive him at the depot
here. He will be given a reception at the
Golden i? Eagle hotel ¦ from *4> to 6 ' o'clock .
and -In > the • evening t will deliver an * ad
dress. At midnight he will start for Ore
gon. . . - -
\ The sensational trial of the men accused of the assassination of Senator Goebel has drawn crowds
of people interested one way or the other in the outcome to Frankfort. The portrait on the left is of
Caleb Powers, Governor Taylor's Secretary of State, accused of being one of the leaders in the conspiracy
.to assassinate* Goebel, while that on the right la of F. Wharton Golden," a Eepublican, who b.a» "*. turned
state's evidence. ;< " .." *".' .''.""''¦'"''¦'-'.':' : "'-\ : '' : . ' '¦¦' ¦'¦'¦"'.';¦ ¦¦ : "¦'/"•¦¦- ¦..*;'. y- .'" ]/-\ - : > "-¦;'¦. ' | :-j. .-;":." :'.¦''¦. -:. ; . ¦ -¦'•'. •'.-¦'-¦.': i;/: >•*.¦',-,
KIPLING'S TRIBUTE TO
A WAR CORRESPONDENT
LONDON. March • 26.— A Bloemfonteln
correspondent of the Dally Mall, tele
graphing Saturday, says . that Rudyard
Kipling, who is hard at' work assisting to
edit i the newspaper. Friend, conducted "by
the war correspondents, has contributed
to It the following lines on. the death at
Ladysmlth of G. W.Steevens. the. famous
representative of the Dally Mall :
'"Through-- **«£ a »* . P*?^L el *s?« , T* d . B - ese *
and fire, .", .-•'.••
Silent .and self-contained he dretr his
breath. ; • .' ? : ¦ ' " "
Brave not for show. of courage," his desire
Truth as he saw It, even to- the death."
LONDON", March 25.— The '¦
total British losses, exclusive
of the invalids sent home, are
16,418 in killed, wounded and
missing.
obey all the orders of the military and
other authorities duly appointed, intimat
ing that the Landdrost and sheriffs had
been reappointed under the Queen. The
burghers have been taking the oath of al
legiance and surrendering their arms.
DUTCH SIM PLY WANTED
TO BE LET ALONE
BALTIMORE, March 25.— An enthusias
tic mass meeting of Boer sympathizers
held here to-day" was addressed by Mon
tagu White, representing the Transvaal
in this country, and Philip Louter Wes
sels, a native of the Orange Free State.
Mr. White said In part:
"The Dutch simply wanted to be let
alone, to live by themselves and remain
free and Independent, the same as Ameri
ca. The war is far from being ended.
Events will follow shortly which will star
tle the world.
"General Cronje's defeat was nothing
for the English to be proud of. The Boer
general was outnumbered ten to one, and
had it nbt been for the terrible situation
he was placed in, the intolerable etench
of dead horses and mules, which was fast
breeding disease, Cronje's gallant band
would have been in the trenches to-day."
Among other things, Mr. Wessels said:
"I want to emphatically deny that there
Is anything like a religious persecution of
the Catholics, Jews or any other denomi
nation in the Transvaal or Free State.
The Roman Catholic church is one of the
most prosperous religious denominations
in South Africa. A Jew is our chief sur
veyor of the Orange Free. State, and an
other JewMs master of 'transportation of
the federal army."
DELAGOA BAY JUDGMENT.
BERNE, Switzerland, March 25.— The
Delagoa Bay arbitration judgment, which
had been announced for to-morrow, . has
been postponed for a few days, because
of difficulties with respect to the dis
tribution of the Indemnity among the dif
ferent groups of claimants.
The amount of the indemnity has been
settled and the question of. division is one
of secondary importance, which- will
speedily be settled. .It is thought almost
certain the Court of Arbitration win final
ly'leave the division to the parties them
selves. • '
WOUNDED OFFICERS RETURNED
BLOEMFONTEIN. Saturday. March 24.
—The Boers who yesterday killed Lieu
tenant the Hon. Elygon of the Grenadier
Guards and wounded Lieutenant Crabbe,
Lieutenant Colonel Codrington and Cap
tain Trotter of the Coldstream Guards,
who had ridden eight or nine miles be
yond their camp on the Modder River
without escort, except one trooper, were
members of the Johannesburg mounted
police. After dressing the wounds they
sent them to the British camp in an am
bulance. ' •
GREAT BRITAIN
CAMPAIGN PROVING
EXTREMELY COSTLY
A RUSH QRDER^-WATER FOR THE- FIQHOING; E.INE;
The exigencies of maneuvering on the South African veldt often keep the .troops away from any water supply, for hours at a time, and when the contents of their canteens axe
exhausted the cry for "Water, water," goes up all along the line. It is the duty of- the Army. Service Corps to make adequate and, prompt provision in this line, and they are splendidly
equipped for the purpose. Tank cars are run on the railroad, and from convenient points tank carts are sent to the place needed- The above illustration, taken from the London Graphic,
shows a couple of Kamrs with^k mule-drawn water cart making a^ ¦-.¦¦
v. ¦¦¦-..-• .¦ .;-^>-v. ¦..-.: . .. • .. :',¦-.; ¦¦¦¦v^^:'^.:.-,- .:¦:-,;¦¦¦¦• ¦-¦?¦ ¦¦¦?¦• i::-*'^-:;--:- .¦;.¦••-¦•¦;¦*¦:¦;.' ";; ; ;; ' .- -.:/ ', :
BRITISH CAVALRY
ENTERS THE TRANSVAAL
LONDON, March 2G.— A dispatch to the
Daily. Telegraph from Kimberley, dated
Sunday, March 25, says:
" "Prisoners brought in here 4 report that
a force of British cavalry has entered the
Transvaal and penetrated to a point eigh
teen miles north of Christiana. The Brit
ish forces at Fourteen Streams are being
strengthened. A movement northward' is
expected soon." _
MUST CONTINUE THE
STREAM OF TROOPS
LONDON, March 26.— Winston Churchill,
In a dispatch to the Morning Post, says:
"It Is- imperative . to continue . shipping
troops to South Africa.. The stream should
never cease until the Boers. surrender ,un-
is evident Judge Moore has this it would
be folly for.the defense to show Its hand
before the real trial. " . "
- The whole pfGolden's testimony tended
to throw, .suspicion on "."Tallow Dick"
Combs,; the colored barber- of Beattyvllle.
Combs says he can j prove > his Innocence."
and Is willing to go into custody if wanted.'
Harland Whittaker. (white). Combs and
numerous other persons have at various
times: been "suspected of having fired the
fatal shot, but the prosecution has not yet
identified 1 the" murderer.'" /v . .
Adjutant; General' Collier to
day denied { that : "mines ;- were i being laid
arsenal" and • ... the Capitol
r groundsr and in. an explanatory communi
cation to Democratic Assistant Adjutant
General-Murray General Collier said -that
some, indiscreet men at; the arsenal 'had
dug' trenches" and made. a pretense oflay
ln.g mines to create a sensation, but the
work waslentlrely. without the sanction or
konwledge of: General Collier, and the
men"' engaged have | been*, isharpljr'repri
manded.. ¦ ¦• *' : v •¦¦¦¦. '- :
the. witness stand -for cross-examination,
his direct' testimony, having been complet
ed on Saturday. When he is through Mrs.'
Golden, his wife, will be Introduced, as a
witness,'; also for- the prosecution. -and ;it
Is reported ;that, she will, corroborate her
husband's testimony on many .important
points.' The physicians who made the au
topsy.on ¦ the body.: of the-*- late~Goverrior
Goebel probably will be introduced -also as
witnesses.,," ".','. .„¦ • • '
jg The introduction of Mrs." Golden' will
prove a surprise, inasmuch as it has been
the Impression fiom reports sent out" from
Barboursville that Mrs. Golden was angry,
at her husband on account of his confes
sion. Since his Illness In the courtroom
Golden has completely recovered and was
on the street to-day. -', '¦. . ... • ,;
Defense- Will- Not Show Its Hand.
.-¦ It Is the general impression that the" de-".
• fensc may; inn'he; no* effort' to] controvert
Golden's statement- in the examining, trial.-'
An examining Judge needs^to have only.' a
reasonable/ suspicion^of? guilt to : bind* a
prisoner over to the Grand; Jury; .and 'as it
FRANKFORT. Ky., : March 25^-Not
withstandlng" that troops recognis
ing the dual Governors were quar
tered -within two - squares of , each
other— the Republican troops at the
State House/ under orders fronvße
publican Governor Taylor, and the Demo
cratic troops at. the court; house,>guard
ing prisoners Powers, .Cul ton and. Davis,
.under orders from Democratic ¦ Governor
Beckham— the day was'qulet. Republican
Adjutant General Collier and Democratic
Assistant Adjutant General Murray were
together some time this morning. "General
Collier called to fi disclaim • responsibility
for the mine which some -of the soldiers
made a pretense of laying, butit Is under-^
stood their talk. took on a wider scope,""
and. that they discussed • and ] mutually
agreed upon a plan to avoid the possibility
of any sort of a clash between the troops.
The examining trial of the Republican
Secretary, of State, Caleb. Powers.^ will be
resumed to-morrow morning." ' Sergeant.
F. Wharton Golden, who, it is "alleged r
turned State's evidence, will continue on
SCENE ON THE MAIN STREET OF KENTUCKY'S CAPITAL.
[From a -Recent Photograph.]
conditionally. At the end of the war
Great Britain will possess the finest army
in her history. This, however, mast not
lure the nation from the fertile fields of
trade and commerce Into the stony
wastes of militarism."
LATE ALLIES ARE
NOW BITTER FOES
LONDON. March- 26.— A Bloemfontela
.correspondent of. the Daily Telegraph, in
a dispatch dated Friday. March 23. says:
"The.latealllea-are now (bitter foes. So
strong Is the popular feeling here that,
were It desirable,- a large body of Fre«>
Staters would take the field and fight im
mediately against the Transvaalera." .
BADEN-POWELL
REPORTS ALL WEL
LONDON. March 25.— The War Office
has received the following- dispatch from
Lord Roberts: '
. "A telegram from Nicholson at Bulu
wayo states that Baden-Powell reports: J
" 'All well to March 23. During: the last'
few 'days enemy's cordon much relaxed.' "
. The Nicholson referred to in Lord Rob
•rts* ;• dispatch is Major John ' Nicholson,
commandant general of the British South
African" police, stationed In* Rhodesia.' •
MAFEKING CLOSELY INVESTED.
LONDON. March 26.— Lady Sarah Wil
son. In- a dispatch . from .Mafeking dated
Wednesday, March 14, says: . ¦ .4 •. '
' "We have received news of -the relief'
of. Ladysmlth. but It serves to Increase
our disappointment, as there is no pros
pect of our relief.- The town remains '
closely Invested. The Boers are reporetd
to be very numerous and strongly In
trenched between us and Colonel Plunder's
force. Some of . the natives are . dying of '.
starvation Rowing to their prejudice
against horse flesh." . • -
¦ The Daily Mall publishes the following
from Mafeking, dated Wednesday, March
14: .>. • .. :,w
"We are still being • heavily shelled.
There have been several casualties. Skir
mishing continues In the trenches. The
native food question Is becoming a diffi
culty. The Boers, have broken .the ar
rangement to respect the Sabbath by
not firing , and have seized the opportun
ity to extend their trenches." .'..
NORFOLK TO THE FRONT.
. LONDON, March 25.— The- Duke of Nor
folk. Earl Marshal and Chief ," Butler." of
England and Postmaster General, will sail
for South Africa next Saturday as an of
ficer, of the Sussex Yeomanry, ¦ which :he
has I been instrumental ' In . raising. '^ The
Duke, Informed; a 'correspondent that he
will not command the regiment. -He Is
lieutenant colonel of the Second Battal
ion of the Royal Sussex Regiment, but
has , heretofore been unsuccessful In his
efforts to go to the front.
CATS HURLED AT SPEAKERS.
BRADFORD. Eng.. March- 25. — An open
air meeting convened here to-day by Boer "
sympathizers proved an utter fiasco from
their point of view ' and was turned into'
a huge patriotic demonstration. The pro-
Boer • speakers were unable to obtain a
hearing. Dead cats and other unsavory
missiles were hurled . at : them and they
were -violently hustled on quitting the
platform. Despite the presence of 120 po
licemen there was much disorder. -
ALL LOYALISTS ARRESTED.
BARKLET "WEST. Saturday. March 24.
— Grlquatown was reoccupied Thursday by
400 Boers. A column left Kimberley yes
terday (Friday) to drive them out. ¦-:/,<
It is reported that all the loyalists there.
Including the women, have .been Im
prisoned. "*"• -
Special Dispatch to the CalL
Bluoders of Kitcheger at Paardeberg Have
Caused Lord Roberts to Give rjin)
the Cold Srjoulderl
LONDON. March 26. 4:15 a. m.—Ex
cept for the "unfortunate occur
rence," as Lord Roberts calls It.
which resulted in the killing of
Lieutenant Lygon and the ¦wound
ing and capture of Lieutenant Colo
sel Crabbe, Lieutenant Colonel Codring-
U>n and Captain Trotter, the campaign
presents no new fiatures. The mishap to
:h« Guards officers is a testimony to their
fcravery. but not their discretion. They
met a party of five Boers, whom they
iried to capture. The Boers took refuge
in a kopje, where three of their comrades
(rere hidden, and within five minutes
?very member of the British party was
alt.
Apparently little progress is being made
toward the relief of Mafeking. A private
:elegram from a lieutenant at Kimberley.
Sated Wednesday. March 21. announces
that he was at the point of starting for
klufcklng, presumably with the relief col
unn.
General Sir Forrestler-Walker and
P-'ice Alexander of Teck have left Cape
*'own for Bloemfontein. It Is reported
Irom Ladysmlth that Van Reenans Pass
Sristles with guns.
Mail accounts of the capture of General
r*ronje. Just received, bring out interest
ng points as to the rapidity with which
L*>rd Roberts changed his plans when he
'ound that General Cronje had escaped
"rom Magersfontein, where it was origl
ially Intended to attack or close In upon
aim. Lord Kitchener was sent forward
:o Intercept him, and at the battle of
?aardeberg Lord Kitchener seems to have
ihown that he Is a better organizer than
Sphter, for it was at his order that the
3rltish infantry repeated the blunders of
•ther generals, attacking Intrenched
Boers, who allowed the Britishers to get
nithin a thousand yards before opening
sre. As the British had absolutely no
rover they lost heavily and uselessly and
fc-ere compelled to fall back momentarily
Kith some amount of confusion and to
irithdraw their transports to a cafe dls
amce. This fact makes a significant com
sientary upon the rumors that have been
n circulation of some coolness between
lx>rd Kitchener and Lord Roberts, which
s said to have accounted for.tbe former
>cinq sent to Prteskato suppress. the re
bellion.
IMPORTANT MISSION
OF BOER PEACE ENVOYS
Special cable to The Call. and New York Her
ald. Copynrht. 1800. by the Herald Pub
ljEhing Company.
Erx^cial Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. March 26.— 1 had a long talk
resterday with a distinguished Boer,
n-hose name 1 cannot disclose, though I
may state that he Is a relative of Presl-
Jent Krugcr. has held political positions
in Transvaal, is one of the . well-known
Boer generals and is very rich. He told
ne many important things, some of which
I am not allowed to repeat, but I can
itate that President Kruger's delegates
rto are coming to Europe bring with
:hem a proposition from the small repub
acs to the great republic of the United
3tate?. My anonymous Boer also de
rlared that there was not the least dajj
fer of the Boers destroying the mines.
"That report," he said, ''must have been
nvented by our enemies. It would mean
\o us merely destroying our own property.
But the war for us hae reached a very
rrttical period. That is why we have hur
ried our delegates over here."
At this point he told me in confidence of
the minion of these delegates. All I can
lay now is that they will, with the utmost
ipeed, repair to Berlin. Brussels and then
£o the United States. Their mission is
all Important and of the utmost Interna
:lonal Interest, IV*. .-"»; ¦•¦.
I asked this relative of President Kru
per what slsnificance he gave to the
"stagger humanity" statement, and he
•"The President means that the loss of
3fe will be stupendous. Pretoria has
itrong forts around it, built on the most
modern principles. To take these forts
will be well nigh impossible. Let me tell
you. the Boers will never give in. They
will, when pressed, go north into their
»wn territory, a sort of a desert which is
full of brush wood which furnishes end
iess shelter."
TRANSVAAL YET
EXPECTS INTERVENTION
I/INDON, March 23. — A Durban corre
rpondent, telegraphing under date of
March 24, says authentic information
reached that city that Pretoria is aware
the republican forces must finally be
beaten, but the Boers in the Transvaal
capital think they can hold out for from
four to six months, when they firmly be
lieve Intervention will force Great Britain
to grant favorable terms, including inde
pendence. They look to Germany and the
United States for intervention.
Pretoria is being prepared for a siege.
Guns are occasionally fired in order to
take ranges. Mines have been laid -and
other preparations made. Prisoners there
now receive better treatment. They have
en ample supply of bread, and each man
pets a pound of meat weekly.
At Waterfall, where there are over 3000
prisoners, the camp is unhealthy. Shelter
for the men is insufficient, and there Is
therefore considerable' sickness. The spir
its of the prisoners have been raised by
the news of British successes brought by
the moft recent captives. They ; do not
fear ill treatment in view of the numerous
Boers who are heid prisoners by the Brit
ish. ¦ '
GENERAL CLEMENTS
ADDRESSES THE BURGHERS
PHILOPPOLIS. Frtday. March 22 (via
JCorvals Pont. Saturday. March 24).—Gen
eral Clements entered Philoppolls at noon.
He assembled the burghers, addressed
them and read Lord Roberts' proclama
tion In Dutch and English. The future
of the Free State, he declared, would have
to be decided by her Majesty's advisers,
but the burghers might be certain that the
late government at Bloemfonteln ' would
never be restored. He advised all the in
habitants to accept the Inevitable and to
Losses it) South Africa Now Foot
Up the Big Total of
16,418 Men,
Woman to Testify Regard ing the Alleged
Conspiracy That Resulted in the i
WIFE OF GOLDEN WILL
CONFIRM HIS STORY
UNITED STATES
WAS ON VERGE OF
WAR WITH CHILE
Had ..to Ma Vfi Threats to Prevent
flssassioation of Two
Serious Complications Over the Arrest of a
Boston Absconding BaoK Teller Were
4 Narrowly Averted.;
Special Dispatch to the Call
BOSTON. March 25.— Chile and the United States have trembled on thm
verge of war, over the case' of Fred Moore, .the Boston, absconding- bank
teller. ¦ This startling fact was disclosed to-day for the first time by Ho- ¦
ratio N. Allln. the well-known Boston lawyer, counsel for Moore, who has •
just returned from".. Chile. Police Inspectors Andrew Houghton and ' John
Harris of Boston were marked as victims of Chilean retribution for the "Balti-'
more incident." Hundreds of. natives awaited the opportunity to assassinate
them while they were In Chile In connection with the Fred Moore case. The
authorities were notified that if harm came to them the deed might precipitate
International hostilities. The Chileans are bitterly hostile to tne United States
in consequence of the "Baltimore massacre," and never have forgiven it.
Inspectors Houghton and Harris were marked men before ever they set foot
on South American, ¦¦oil. All that the. Chilean natives knew of them, was .thati
they came as ' representatives of the. United States, to claim a fugitive who had
sought refuge "on Chilean soil.
-So bitter is the. feeling between the United States and Chile that the Fed- •
eral authorities hesitated for a considerable time over the wisdom of further. Irri
tating the Chileans by asking for Moore's return. - They had not misjudged the
situation. ' It had been a long time since two United States officials placed them
selves so recklessly at the mercy, of a Chilean mob as did the two Boston inspec- •-
tors. - They laughed at -all precaution- at first, and their,, escapes were many.
The city authorities and the. Chilean- newspapers both threw their sympathy with.
e Mr? Allln said to The Call, man to-night: , . . -.. ?
"They cared • nothing for. peril or threats, yet they, were in a city where ev
erythlng conceivable had been done to inflame the mob against any representa
tive of the United States Government. The natives of European nations residing
in Chile had not permitted the opportunity to be lost to stir up feeling against.*
the United States. The two representatives of our Federal authority. thus were
easily marked men in a city teeming with a species of men that would calmly
hire out to commit a murder for $25. The officers kept the big five-shooters on . "
their hips primed and well. oiled, and they avoided going slumming at night."
""What was the nature of the notice to the Chilean statesmen?" Mr. Allln
was asked. .' *
"They were notified that if the threats of wiping out the 'blot on Chile's
honor* by making victims of the Boston men were carried out. there would be a
new 'Baltimore affair," with all the disagreeable. details— and perhaps a few more
—that attended the original one, when war had been the alternative if Chile did
not settle our. claim for damages within a limited period of time."
VOLUME LXXXVII — NO. 126.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SA^N FRANCISCO, MON^Y, 2(xf 1900.
Militia headers
Arrange Plaits^
to Prevent a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLBad Blood Breeds
Spring Humors, Boils, Pirn/pies, Eruptions,"
Sores, '. Debility, languor, Kidney Troubles,
, Indigestion and . That Tired Feeling^^all of
; wtocli Hood's Sars^aMlla Cures, ty^uiify-
ing, enricliing and vitalizing the blood
Blood troubles, lesft unchecked, increase and
multiply; iust as naturally] as the weeds
•- ; arid thistles that inffest the soil. They
need the same radical treatment; too. -t ; They
should . be rooted, out in Spring. Hood's Sar-
saparilla stops the. breeding of inipurities in
the blood. It , also imparts Vitality and 'x
tricliness, and that means a strong, vigorous
body as well as a clear, fresh; healthy sl^in.
/You will look better and feel better if you
begin taking Hood^s Sa^saparilla,
(^
VICTORIA'S VISIT TO
IRELAND CONDEMNED
United Irish-American Societies in
New York Denounce the Pro
posed Trip.
NEW YORK. March 23.— The United
Irish-American societies met in this city
to-night and passed resolutions condemn
ing the proposed visit of Queen Victoria
to Ireland.
"While commending the wipe decision
of the Irish people." say the resolutions,
"to refrain from acts of personal dls
oourtefiy or disrespect to an aged woman
who Is used as a screen to cover political
deceit and trickery of the basest kind, we
cordially approve their determination to
rebuke by a calm and dignified protest
the attempt by a hybrid combination of
loyalists, deserters and tuft hunters In
Dublin to welcome in the name of the
Irish people the official representative of
English misrule, who is herself a stren
uous opponent of Ireland's most cher
ished aspirations."
BANK WRECKERS CONVICTED.
Jury Recommends Mercy for Baxter,
the Aged Note-Shaver.
MONTREAL. March 25.— James Baxter,
a. broker, and Ferdinand Lemieux, ac
countant of the defunct Banque Ville Ma
rie, accused of conspiring to defraud the
bank, were found guilty In the Court of
Querns Bench to-day. The jury added a
btrong resolution to mercy on account of
Jiaxttr's age. which is about 70 years.
Baxter presented checks amounting to
about SSO.UUO at the bank in which he had
no funds. They were initialed by Le
jnieux, t*he accountant, and cashed by
Herbert, the paying teller, who held the
?¦hecks . as cash, deceiving the president
of the bank by loading packages of $10
bills with $i bills in the middle. Lemieux
uiid Herbert received one-third of the
Mral as commission. Herbert turned
Queen's evidence. Baxter did a big note
shaving business.
JOINS THE SOCIALIS
Italian Novelist Gabriele d'Annunzio
Deserts the Moderates.
ROME. March 23. — Gabriele d'Annunzio,
the novelist and poet, who was elected a
Deputy about a year ago, has left the
Moderates and Joined the ranks of the So
cialists. During the mort heated part of
the debate at the last Pitting of the Cham
ber he left his seat and stood near the
Socialists, watching the struggle in an at
titude of reflection. At the close of the
Bitting he attended a gathering of the So
cialist group and was received with
cheers.
"I congratulate you," he said, "upon the
fervor and tenacity with which you de
fend an idea. During to-day's spectacle I
paw on the one hand many dead, and on
the other a handful of living, eloquent
men. As an intellectual man, I proceed
toward life."
Chin Pom Ye Goes to Paris.
WASHINGTON. March 25.— Chin Pon
Ye, 'Envoy Extraordinary ? and .Min
ister Plenipotentiary of Korea to
this Government, will sail from New
York nest Saturday for Paris to begin
his new duties abroad. He has been
transferred to Paris. Vienna and St.
Petersburg. He will call on the President
early this week to take final leave- and
to present Tarn E. Ye. secretary of the
legation, as Charge d' Affaires for Korea
in the Interim between the Minister's de
parture and the arrival of a successor,
not yet definitely known.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Eromo Quinine Tablets. All
drurgists refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. W. Groves signature Is on each box. 25c.
THE GREAT TREK OF 1900.
NEW ROUTE WEST.
Capitalists : Backing Uniontown,
Waynesburg and West ;;Vir
' .' ¦ .; . . ginia Railroad.
PITTSBURG. March 23.— Ther'Post to
morrow will say: Immense corporations
are backing the promoters of the Union
town, Waynesburg and West Virginia
Railroad Company. They see in it a short
route to Chicago and the West, which
to them means cheaper freight rates. The
Federal and National Steel companies and
the National Tube Works Company have
promised to give the new carrier enough
business to keep it busy.
Chicago is brought thirty-eight miles
nearer to .the coke regions of Connells
ville, and the distance between the Fay
ette fields and Cincinnati is; reduced
seventy-one miles. The new road < will
make connections with the Wheeling and
Lake Erie and the Wheeling, Cleveland
and Loraine railways and Chicago will
be reached over the Nickel Plate.
Work will begin in June. At the elec
tion of officers yesterday August Jutte
was made president, Charles M. Bu
chanan treasurer and J. H. Davis secre
tary.
PRISONER COMMITS SUICIDE.
Accused* Mail Clerk Could Not Bear
the Disgrace of His Arrest.
VIRGINIA CITY, Nev., March 25.—Yes
terday afternoon James Cummings, who
has been a mail clerk on the Virginia &
Truckee Railroad for a number of years,
was arrested on'the charge of having sto
len two registered packages valued at
$143. He was placed under $1000 bonds on
each charge, and pending arrangements
for his bail was placed in charge of a dep
uty marshal in the hotel.
To-night, at about 7 o'clock, he swal
lowed a dose of laudanum and died. He
claimed to be innocent, but the disgrace
of his arrest so preyed on his mind that
he committed suicide.
STRUCK WITH A REVOLVER.
Stranger Seriously Injured by a
Bakersfield Gambler.
BAKERSFIELD, March 25.— 1n a quar
rel this morning A. Smith was struck on
the head with a revolver in the hands of
J. Bates and a serious if not fatal injury
was inflicted. .The blow was struck with
out • cause. . Smith is ¦ a stranger in • town
and was supposed to have considerable
money on'his person. -Bates is a gambler
and has resided here for the past two or
three years. ?¦¦"'• ¦•:¦ .> ¦¦ ¦ " "... ;
TRAMP MAY BE LYNCHED.
Shoots a Brakeman-, on a Mississippi
.Freight; Train.
BROOKHAVEN, Miss., March 23.— John
Perkins, a freight brakeman '-was ;, shot
and* killed : near: here!. this «; afterhoon' r »by,
Moses Angeline, a tramp, who was steal
ing- a ride. It is feared a mob : will; be
organized ; to lynch ¦ the '¦: prisoner, , who is
under arrest, and Governor jLongino,- at
the request of the sheriff, has instructed
the ' captain of the local militia ' company
to call out his men if necessary.
Bickerstaff to Be Arrested.
LANSING, Mich., March 25.— 1t is stated
that the ' next sensation \in ;. the "; military
frauds case will i be ; the ; arrest of ' Samuel
N. : Bickerstaff , an agent of the Hender
son-Ames - Company, the \ military • goods
concern through .which . the alleged • frauds
were committed, and ! who 'transacted ¦ the
business ; for that firm. : Bickorstaff testl-
Jied • when •on the : stand , that ¦ he ? paid the
alleged' conspirators > ttheir:r r : share of '¦'• the
profits *of the : fraudulent ' deal, " and ' it *is
said that the defense will- have ar
rested on a criminal charge based on- that
transaction.' ...'.' ._, ", ::.
Jealousy Causes Murder.
. NEW YORK, March. .2s.— Edward Leas
ure, 22 years ; old,^ killed 1 George ICrotty," 33
years' of age/ an' electrician, v in ' Brooklyn
to-night. ; Crotty met ; his wife ; on < the
street 'in -Leasure's > company." •' A quarrel
«nsued and > Leasure * shot ; Crbtty twice.
Crotty; died an- hour: later. .--Leasure was
arrested. .f&gßtßßUtß&ggi^:- ¦ . .
Jealous Woman Takes Life.
I VIENNA. Ill:; : March;:' 25.— Mrs;: "l Vesta
Hogg ma flt;of- Jealousy shot and killed
Mrs. . Clara Curley . in this city» this [after
noon. Mrs. Hogg was arrested and placed
in jail., "SPSSISSSjgp I • '"
PORTO RICAN
QUESTION TO
BE SETTLED
White House Edict. Goes
Forth to Republican
Leaders.
Compromise Programme Likely to Be
Put Through Before the End
of the Present
Wfeck.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, March 25.
To avoid utter demoralization In the par
ty, the edict has gone forth from the
President and his spokesmen at the Capi
tol to the rank and iile in both houses
that the present week must bring an end
to the muddle over the Porto Rican tariff
question. This determination on the part
of the party leaders to do something,
coupled with the fact that a pretty defi
nite understanding has been reached as to
what should be done, though the method
of procedure remains to be determined,
makes it probable that the tariif question
will be finally disposed of bcfor<? the end
ct the week. As a common ground irotm
•which all factions In the party may unite,
thes* general points have Ot?en determined
upon as the party progrjimmts, huvins;
the full support of the President:
A tariff of 15 per cent of Dingley rates,
as proposed by the House bill.
Continuance of the present free list,
•which includes all food products, estab
lished by executive order.
Absolute free trade to commerce In two
years or earlier, if the proposed new Leg
islature determine upon some other meth
od of raising revenue for the support of
the government in the meantime.
The method of carrying out this pro
sramme is to be a subject for discussion
at another caucus, or conference, as the
leaders prefer to call it. to be held at 4
o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
PORTO RICAN BILL TO
TAKE UP MUCH TIME
Senate "Will Devote Most of the Week
to a Discussion of the
Question.
"WASHINGTON. March 23.— The Senate
will «rive the greater share of its time
again this week to the Porto Rican ques
tion. However, at the beginning of the
week Senator Carter will be given an op
portunity to secure consideration for his
.Alaskan code bill. It is not likely to arouse
any general debate.
The Republican caucus will take the
Porto Rican question in hand again to
morrow. The Republicans who support
the House Porto Rican tariff bill hope to
get the measure out of the caucus after
one sitting, but the free traders are not
so anxious on that score, and the latter
element may delay matters there, as it is
disposed to do in the Senate, with the
hope of receiving «ill further encourage
ment from the country at large. Some of
the members of the free trade Republican
element declare their purpose to vote
against the bill if reported without amend
ment. They threaten to offer many
amendments and to make speeches in op
position, and do all in their power to pre
vent the passage of the. bill as it stands,
but the caucus, of course, 'may find a
means of preventing, this open rupture. At
any rate a strong effort will be made in
that direction.
The Democratic Senators will support a
free trade amendment when presented,
but they prefer to have the bill voted
upon unataended. .- . '
The army appropriation bill will be
taken up in the .Mouse to-morrow, and
doubtless will serve for a text for a wide
latitude of discussion on military affairs
in general and the cost of the war es
tablishment under the new condition of
affairs. Three days will be given to the
bill. The bill itself carries no legislation
on the organization of the army, but is
Ftrictly a f upply measure for the army on
its present basis. The latter part of" the
week will be devoted to the naval, the
agricultural or the fortifications appro
priation bill. • ?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WITHDRAWAL OF
BRAZIL'S TROOPS
IS REQUESTED
People of Free State of
Acre- Say Independence
or Death.
Diplomatic Notes Sent to Various
Powers Requesting Official Rec
ognition of the New Tree
State.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
RIO JANEIRO, March 4.— The chiefs
of the revolutionary government at Acre
have requested the withdrawal of all the
Brazilian forces, naval and military, a.t
tirming that free Brazilians will never be
come JJolivian. The request, or protest,
ends thus:
"Independence or death! Long live the
free state ol Acre!" It is signed by
twelve chiefs.
There is serious danger of complications
between the State Kuvernment of Ama
zonas and the general government at Kio
Janeiro, owing to the fact that the people
of the Amazon Valley, as well as the
State Boyerr.ment, are in favor of Hiding
the Brazilians of Acre, estimated at 23,iw\>,
against the Bolivian government and the
insignillcant Bolivian population of Acre,
tFtimated at fewer than 2(JO0.
The people of the State of Para are bit
terly opposed to the intervention of the
central government in favor of the Boliv
ian authorities In Acre, and the Deputies
of Para and Amazonaa, bended by Dr. In
nocencio tiersodello. a former Cabinet
Minister, will lirmly oppose all interfer
ence by the Brazilian military forces.
Letters received from the city of Acre,
formerly Puerto Alonzo, say the indepen
dent State of Acre has sent diplomatic
notes to the governments of Autria-Hun
gary, Germany. Italy, Great Britain,
France, Spain, Switzerland and Portugal,
requesting them to recognize the indepen
dence of the new State. *
The preliminary sessions of the new
Congress will begin in April, but already
enough is known to demonstrate the fact
that never before In the history of Brazil
was such fraud and corruption practiced
as in the recent elections.
The concentrados seem to have secured
a majority of Jive In the Senate.
Pacific Coast Steamship "Co.
I- FORTHE •
fgu. CAPE NOME
PSH GOLD FIELDS.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SEIsT-A-TOPI
.Will Salt From San Francisco MAY. 14th for th»
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Vta7 Seattle" leavlns there : May 19th. Subse-
quent trips will be from Seattle direct, namely:
June 21st. July* :ist and August 20th. Passen-
gers are, advised to inspect the Senator be'a.<J
purchasing tickets via other steamers.: as her
second-class and steerage accommodations ar*
superior to : the first-class accommodations on
most of. the steamers ' advertised ¦ for Nozn*.
.The Pacific Coast Steamship Company has been
runninc Its ".steamers to ; Alaska— winter and
summer— for 1 25 years . and •Is the Pioneer Fa*
ciflc : Coast | Line. For further Information In-
quire 'of J. F.'.TROWRRIDGE. - Ocean • Dock.
Seattle. Wash. iN. POSTON. 243 Washington
St.. Portland. Or, * W. PARRI9. 114 West Sec-
ond St.. .Los Anrfeles, • CaL :- GOODAUU: . PER-
KINS ft CO.. Gen.: Agents. « New Montgomery
at. or 10 Market at.. San FraacUco. Cai. .
f^^^ WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS -WORLD-RENOWNED
"Magnetic Elaatlc Truss" Dr. Pierce , gave to
the public the most remarkable remedy «rer
discovered for the successful. treatment of Her-
nia, or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers hay«
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
by this great appliance, and thousands of others
•re now on the road to complete recovery. Thi»
Truss Is different from all others. It does t!n
work! - ¦ ¦ .
You can get our "BOOKLET No. 1" by call-
Ing at the office, or It will b« sent on receipt oi
a 2-cent stamp. - It tells all about this Tnus.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO,,
620 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel).
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
Claimed to Be Ex-Soldiers.
PACIFIC GROVE, March 25.— Two men
who claimed to be discharged soldiers and
who appealed to the sympathy of chari
table individuals and societies, have been
arrested on . the charge of obtaining
money under false pretenses : and unlaw
fully wearing the'brassart of the : N
ational Red Cross Society. Their names
are William- Sewell ¦ and Charles Haines.
It is stated they have obtained a consid
erable amount of money here and in San
Jose and Salinas. : . : v
Prairie Salutes the Tri-Color.
ROUEN. France, March. 2s.— The United
States I auxiliary cruiser Prairie sailed for
the United States this morning. An im
mense crowd gathered along the quays to
bid the vessel' farewell and hearty
Oregon Soldiers Buried.
PORTLAND. Or., March 25.— The bodies
of twelve soldiers of the Oregon regi
ment' who. lost their-lives in the-Philip
pines - were buried to-day at Rlvervlew
Cemetery- General Summers, who i com
manded the regiment in the war, to-day
led the funeral procession, which was over
a mile in length. Governor T. T. Geer and
his staff, . the i Oregon " National Guard,
Spanish war veterans and'many civic so
cieties formed the escort to the cemetery.
Iowa at Monterey.
MONTEREY, March 25. — The United
States battleship lowa, flying the flag of
Rear Admiral Kautz, came Into port here
to-day;to remain during the week. . The
lowa is en route north from San Diego.
The Dixie Goes to Naples.
ALGIERS, March 25.— The United States
auxiliary cruiser and training ship Dixie
left to-day for Naples. - ' ¦: '¦¦¦
AGED MAN ATTEMPTS
TO CREMATE HIS WIFE
Sets Fire to Her Clothing and She Is
Horribly Burned Before Aid
Arrives.
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. March 25.— Mr. and
Mrs. Paul Flemrey, an aged couple, quar
reled last night. .When the officers ar
rived Mrs. Flemrey was in flames and her
husband was standing . over her with a
lighted candle. Before they could effect
an entrance she had been horribly burned.
The man was arrested and the woman,
who Is not expected to live, was removed
to the County Hospital. The two were
hard drinkers.-
Another Murder at Emporia.
PETERSBURG. Va., March 25.—Empo
rla, Greenville County, the scene of the
double lynching yesterday, is quiet to-day.
News was received here this afternoon of
another murder In Greenville, where Ben
Owens, a well-known citizen, and another
man, whose name was . not learned, be
came Involved In a dispute, during which
Owens was shot and killed. The murderer
fled. y ,
George W. Hughes Dead.
S LOS ANGELES, March 25.— George /W7
Hughes.', vice president* of the California'
Bank of this city and a prominent 'finan
cier, died at his residence In this city to
night of a complication of diseases. He
was 1 68 years of. age. • He leaves 'a large
estate. . - .".: ,' ¦ " ' ¦
Political Prisoners Banished.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, March 25.— Ma1l
advices from Colombia to-day report that
the revolutionists have. been pressing the
government forces, and that a large num
ber of political prisoners taken last week
from Panama have been banished to San
Andreas. \ .
Preston Dies a Suicide.
DETROIT. Mich.. March 26,-Charles
H. Preston of Detroit, who attempted sui
cide in Vlcksburg, Miss., where he was
manager of the Diamond Match Com
pany's plant, died here to-day, one hour
after his' arrival from the South.
Drunken Man Kills His Wife.
OIL CITY, Pa.. March 25.— Amos Elder,
an oil well driller, shot and killed his
wife to-night while Intoxicated. The wo
man made a terrible struggle to save her
life. Elder escaped.
Succumbs to Heart Failure.
¦ NEW YORK, March 25.— Rev. Dr. Peter
Striker, pastor of the First Reformed
Church, of Asbury Park, N. J., died in that
city to-day. of heart failure.
CIGARETTES BARRED
IN WEATHER BUREAU
Chief Moore Notifies His Subordi
nates That They Must Quit a
Bad Habit.
WASHINGTON, March 25.— Chief Willis
L. Moore of the Weather Bureau has is
sued an order prohibiting persons con
nected with the service from smoking
cigarettes during office hours, and stating
further that those who smoked cigarettes
at any time would be mentioned in the
confidential reports which are made quar
terly 10 him by the chiefs of the several
offices and divisions throughout the entire
service. Chief Moore said to-day:
The order was Issued after careful considera
tion and a thorough Investigation of the evils
resulting from cigarette smoking. It will stand.
In this service we are compelled to maintain a
very strict discipline In order to secure satis
factory pservice. Some of our men, who are re
garded as the most thorough and competent,
doing every detail of their work with the ut
most promptness and accuracy, gradually be
come careless and lax. I sent Inspectors to In
vestigate, and in a numjjer: of cases .it ..was
found to be directly 'attributable to the use of
cigarettes. I am not prudish, nor do I wish to
assume any authority whatever over any privi
lege which the employes, of the -sen-ice should
have; but as a public servant I. feel .that it. js
my duty to correct an, evil: which may exist,
even If In attempting to malic this claim I'am
overstepping my authority. The order applies
to the entire force of the' bureau ¦ throughout
the entire sen-ice. Cigarette smoking mu-st
cease. . Cigars and pipes are not barred. . - - •'
HORLOCKER TRIAL
NEARING THE END
Fate of the Alleged Poisoner Will
Soon Be in the Hands of
the Jury.
HASTINGS. Neb., March 25.— When the
District Court adjourned yesterday until
Monday morning it was announced that
there wouid be but one more witness to
take the stand for the defendant in the
Horlocker poisoning case, with the excep
tion of three experts. But since then coun
sel for the defendant has decided to sub
pena several more witnesses. State's At
torney McCreary will subpena about twen
ty-five witnesses for the purpose of re
butting the proof of the line of the de
fense as to the defendant's insanity. It
is now thought the case will not go to the
jury before Thursday.
RABBI ISAAC M. WISE
STRICKEN BY PARALYSIS
Noted Jewish Minister Lying at the
Point of Death in Cin
• cinnati.
CINCINNATI, March 25.— Rabbi Isaac
M. Wise, one of the most noted Jewish
rabbis In the United States, lies at his
home suffering from a stroke of paralysis.
With his strong constitution, even at the
great age of 81 years, he may pull through,
and on the other, hand he may not last
until morning. Relatives in other- cities
have been summoned to the bedside.-^ •
• The first appearance of his ailment was
yesterday afternoon. It was thought to
be only a fainting spell. He rallied-short
ly afterward, but during the night coma
set in and paralysis of the left side made
its appearance.
MORE MEN WILL STRIKE.
Machinists of New York and New
Jersey Prepare to Go Out.
NEW YORK. March 25.— A strike of 30,
000 members of the International Associa
tion of Machinists and the Amalgamated
Society, of Engineers *: in the New York
district may he precipitated this week by
the action of the New York and New Jer
sey Machinery Manufacturers' Association
in organizing to resist tho demand for "a
nine-hour day, whlch.was: to have been
made on ' April 1. Thia was announced at
the meeting of the Central. Federated
Union to-day by George H. Warner, busi
ness agent for the district.
It is announced that James O'Connell,
grand master machinist, will arrive here
this week to- Icok the ground over and
take charge. The New York district In
cludes New Jersey as far as Paterson and
New York State as far as Newburgh. Mr.
Warner said: ,"We are in this fight to win
out and will not stop until we get the
nine-hour day." .
National Bank Closed.
RUTLAND, Vt, March 2S.— The doors of
the Merchants* National Bank of this city
will 'be -closed to-morrow -pending an ex
amination of. its books by a committee of
Us directors. Certain ; assets have ; been
Impaired, : and .the cashier, Charles W.
Mussey. will be asked to-morrow to-ex
plain certain discrepancies in ., the ac
counts. Experts are at work on the books'
to-night. . « •¦
Mormon Exodus to Mexico.
CHIHUAHUA, Mex., March 25.— The sev
eral Mormon, colonies in 'this State have
been increased In population ,' by i the. ar
rival of more- than' 5000 Mormon- immi
grants from Utah during the last two
months. The colonies were ;: established
under concessions granted byithe Mexican
Government. ¦ . ? .-- -¦•'. •; " '..'
OFFER TO AERONAUTS.
Feat for Which a Frenchman ; Puts
Tip a Kich Prize. v
Special cable to The Call' and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. WOO, ' by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
; PARIS. March 23.— An anonymousdona
tion to the Aero Club offers; 100,000 francs
to the aeronaut who will start from Long-
INSURGENTS
AGAIN TAKE THE
AGGRESSIVE
Garrison at Namagpacan
Attacked Four Succes
sive Nights.
Organs of the Extreme Filipino Party
Suppressed and the Editor ol
One of Them Imprisoned
for Sedition.
MANILA, March 26, 7 a. m.— La Patria
and El Liberal, Spanish organs of the ex
treme Filipino. party, have recently been
publishing articles inimical to the mili
tary government, v: Governor Otis has
suppressed tlje former Journal for sedi
tion : and . Imprisoned the/ editor,', at ; tbe
same time issuing, a warning to the mem-,
¦bers of the. extreme^ party - thaU they
should; observe gteater moderation. *>. -¦
I Senor Paterno,- at one time president, of
¦ the so-called Filipino cabinet, having re
ceived permission- from the -authorities to
.come to Manila, sis expected to present
¦himself this week at San Fernando, pro
vince of Union. , - .
The rebels in General Young's district
are becoming aggressive. The American
battalion garrisoning the town of Nam
agpacan was attacked on four consecutive
nights recently. Reinforcements are now
arriving there. :
General Young purposes to pursue the
rebels aggressively before the rainy sea
son sets in. ?
champs, go around the Eiffel tower and
return to the starting point, a total dis
tance of eleven kilometres (close upon
seven miles), in thirty minutes. This com
petition is international."."^-,;^
TO UNITE SOCIALISTS
AND SOCIAL DEMOCR ATS
National Movement in Which San
Franciscans Are Leading
Figures.
NEW YORK. March 25.— A movement
was started to-day in this city to unite
the Socialist Labor party and the' Social
Democrats. The Socialists were repre
sented by John Harriman of Los Angeles,
J. D. Benham of San Francisco, J. Mallon
of Philadelphia, C. E. Feller- and F. A.
Sievenman of Boston, M. E. White of
New Haven and N. J. Stone and M. Hil
quit of New York. The Social Democrat
delegates were Victor L. Berger of Mil
waukee, Mayor John C. Chase of Haver
hill, Mass., William Butcher of Brooklyn,
Margaret Hale of Boston, M. A. Hoehn
of St. Louis and Frederick Heat of Chi
cago. ' ' ' . '
The delegates discussed a proposed pJat
form for amalgamation and various com
mittees were appointed. The delegates
will be in session for several days and on
Thursday evening, a mass-meeting will be
held. ¦
Several of the delegates visited the Cen
tral Federated Uniqn . and asked , for the
co-operation of th^tbody in a grand com
bined eight-hour demonstration on. May
day. The union complied. ?. } ." ;. ; ;.•
•-Chicago Tribune.
cheers : were given. Commander Morris
McKenzle hoisted the. trl-color and 1 sa
luted .it with twenty-one guns, in accord
ance with orders cabled from Washing
ton. • " ¦¦-:¦->
AMERICA WILL BE
WELL REPRESENTED
Fine Showing to Be Made by This
\ Country at the Paris
v-'.'i-!/. •; Exposition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
r NEW YORK, March 25.— The Journal
has the following from Paris: French of
ficials who were present in Rouen at last
night's banquet to | the officers of the
United States auxiliary cruiser Prairie
arrived here to-day - and declared they
were convinced the United States would
make the best showing of any foreign na
tion at the exhibition. ' • •
Despite the rumors of epidemics in
Paris, the municipal health statistics for
last .week show the number of deaths be
low the •normal, and that visitors have
nothing to fear. . . .
It is not likely that to-morrow's sitting
of the Chamber will endanger the Cabinet,
and things are pretty certain to be quiet
politically until and during the exhibition.
The press is becoming much quieter and
has ceased violent : attacks upon England,
while the discussion of domestic politics is
much less bitter, all- of which makes for
peace and the success of the exhibition. .
Fire Destroys an Academy.
' FORT PLAIN..N. V., March 25.— Fire to
day entirely destroyed .the Clinton Liberal
Institute bulldlrig^entailirig, a loss of $95,
000..The Institute was a college prepara
tory school and military academy, owned
and "conducted by the Unlversalists of the
State! and occupied a large flve-story
building.-. The building was not occupied,
the Easter vacation being on. The armory
was saved. Most of the faculty and stu
dents lost their personal effects.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
| 222-224 SUTTER STREET '¦" B ¦
¦j . gj
¦¦ SPECIAL |
3 MONDAY— TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY ¦
H l j We have just been ap- m
B pointed Sole A^ents'for "PU- ¦
J RITAS" GINGER ALb, ¦
¦ made from tiouble distilled n
¦ water, pure Jamaica ginger ¦
sj and aromatic fruit' fla\or>. w
¦ We challenge comparison H
' with any Ginger Ale on the *
¦ market, ¦ not excepting the H
2 finest imported. * §
¦ Butter, Finest Creamer/, 40s square n
¦¦- -Reuglar 4^: square. <. W
3- Butter, Choice Creamery. 35c square 5
¦ Resnilar' 4oc square.' f.*' • ¦
J "Puritas"6iDgerAle cfoz 51.35 g
m 15c Der dozen allowance on return n
S of ematy bottles. „
i "Puritas" Bcoi Baer doz $125 S
¦ 13c per dozen allowance on retarn JJ
¦ of empty bottles. M
5 Claret . gal 65c g
¦¦ Private stock. Very fine quality tabl« H
S wine. Regularly $1. pj
i Port and Snerry bot2sc, 5 bots SI ¦
¦ "Crown" brand. Moat of you are 5
Ml -wnltine for thia sale. Worth 50c ¦
g bottle. U
J Wood Alcohol foil qtbt4o, gal $1.25 g
£ For burning: purposes. gj
¦ Cocoa : l-lb tin 80c «
M Suchard's— made In Switzerland. 3
¦ The hlfhest grade Imported. Resu- ¦
¦ lar $1. Please step In and try a cup. ¦
a Kon7coffee . Ib 20c ¦;
2 ' From Sandwich Islands: roasted or _
t» rround dally on our own premises. J
B ' Regular. ¦ 25c. ¦
g Lavarins 3 pkgs 25c S
m Makes washing easy. Regular. 10c. ¦
S Full directions as to use on package. _
i Kippered Herring Scotch 2Gc tin ¦
B . Regular, 23c. g
" Bloaters English 20c tin I
¦ Regular. "3c. BJ
g Toilet Paper 5 for 25c g
|P| Good quality rolls. Regular. 4 |g
3 Toilet Paper Holders, "New," ealsc ¦
JJ Nickel olated. Regular. 23c. p
g White Mountain Freezers— best made S
¦ ¦¦¦"•'- ¦ 2 Qts. 3 Qts. 4 Qts. 8 Qts. S Qts. B
B| Reg .*3.23 $2.60 «.S5 W. 75 J4.85 JJ
¦ SDfiC...sl.9s 52.35j2.65 $3.35 $4.35 g
B Country orders particularly .. so- X
¦ llclted. Special prices to summer re- |]
m sorts and large buyers In general. »j
H We «hID free within 100 miles. S
¦ Write for Catalogue. 3
Mi ... . B
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MO
BRYAN MAY NOT
BE NOMINATED
BY POPULISTS
Likely to Be Saved Embar
rassment of Subscribing
to Their Doctrines.*
It Is Proposed to Have Senator Allen
Named and Then Resign in
Favor of the Democratic .
' Leader.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. March 25.— Should plans now
being considered by leading members of
the Democratic and Populist national or
ganizations ripen into agreement. Colonel j
William J. Bryan will be saved the possi
ble embarrassment of ' being forced to go
before . the country as the regular nomi
nee of the People's party, and therefore
as a subscriber to doctrines which, per
haps, might prejudice his candidacy.
U is proposed by several members of the
People's party national convention to
nominate Senator William V. Allen of Ne
braska for . the Presidency and empower
the executive committee of the party to
fill any vacancy on the ticket that may
result from death, resignation or other
wise. -After the Kansas City convention
of July 4th. at which the promoters of the
plan expect Colonel ' Bryan will be nomi
nated, it is proposed that Senator Allen
withdraw from the People's party ticket
and the executive committee of that or
ganization shall name Colonel Bryan to
till the vacancy. It is provided, further,
in the reported scheme that one condi
tion be made irrevocable in consideration
of the Allen demonstration. It is insisted
by the People's party managers that the
Democrats shall include a direct legisla
tion plank In their platform.
As for the second place on the People's
party ticket, it is said the Populists would
be satisfied if the Democrats select one of
three . orv four men -whose names
ehall be furnished to the , Demo
cratic national committee. Among
those mentioned are Judge Henry <¦¦ <J.
Caldwell of Arkansas, and Judge Wal
ter Clark of the Supreme Court of North
Carolina. : It - is understood, however,
the People's party will not make an issue
on the Vice Presidential candidacy.
MUNYON'S INHALER
§ CATARRH
Colds. Coughs*
Hay Fever, Bron- •
chi tis, Asthma'
and * alt ~~ Diseases
of the Throat and'
Clonds of Medicated Vapor are Inhaled
through the mouth and emitted from tbe noa-
trlla, cleansing and vaporizing all tne Inflamed
and diseased parts which cannot be reachwl bj
medicine taken lota the stomach.
It reaches the sore spots— lt heals the raw
places— lt goes to the seat of disease— lt acts us
a balm and tonic to the whole system— JlM) at .
fruggUts or sent by mail. ISQS ArcMSt., I'hiU*.
vi.it OR. JORDAN'S crut
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Ok -1551 itAUSIK- tit KtiTii, 3.y.fcl.
r*y r The Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe
World. Weaknenc* or any contracted
JHffjHrl d.Kiif p**itiv<-ly cared hy tile oldt>t
lESI Specialist cmheCcMt Ejc 36 year*.
flfffA OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
iCtol Consultation free *nd strictly prints
I nwl Tr» ttment perjonatly or by letter. A
1 flr cS ¦ /^Mrlir* Cur* in erery case undertaken.
H 7 II & W nte for Book. riILOIOPBi m r
¦ Q IT MtIIBUSC, MAItED VKS&. (A
' A W' •*' u *' 3le book fcr mm) - -
DB. JOBDA3I A CO.. 1051 Market St. . S. F.
:W.-T. HESS,
KOTABY PUBLIC ASD' ATTOENET-AT-UW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus SpreckcU Bldg.
. Telephone Brown 931.
Residence.' 831 California it., beloir FowcU.
San Francisco. . ¦
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
2CUBANS OBJECT TO
THE TAX ON SUGAR
Urge That Seventies Be Baised by t >
the Assessment of Valuable f
Property.
HAVANA. March 25.— Governor Gessral
Wood has recently had Interviews with.
persons of Influence -who have strenuously
urged tha taxation of valuable property
rather than each bag of sugar as It la
manufactured. ' Those who hold this view
contend that under the present system Im
pediments are thrown In the way of pro
duction. They point out that many valu
able estates have been lying Idle and un
productive for years, some even bavins
complete sugar plants. The owners, who
are rich men. are living In Paris, Madrid
and other European cities, quite untaxed
for their property In Cuba. General "Wood
feels that if these properties - are taxed
their owners will be forced either to sell
them or to make them productive.
The meeting called to-day of those fa
voring universal suffrage resulted in a
failure. The only persons present wera
about fifty negroes and several small
boys. ' .
COLONEL WALLACE'S FUNERAL
Last Sites Over the Body of tho Idon-
tana Volunteer.
HELENA. Mont.. March 25.— The funeral
of the late Colonel Robert Bruce "Wallace
to-day was an Imposing affair. Local mtl
lary organizations were reinforced by
members of the Montana volunteer regl
<nent and United States regulars. •
Colonel Wallace was wounded at tha
battle of Caloocan, but was thought to
have recovered, and was appointed colonel
of the Thirty-seventh United States Vol
unteers. His wound never fully healed,
and he was Invalided home last Novem
ber. . He was the youngest colonel la th«
army, being but 30 years old. , .
Lime Trust Organized.
BIRMTNGHAM, Ala.. March 23.— Lima
manufacturers have just completed tha
details of the combination to be known as
the Consolidated Lime Company, organ
ized under the laws of New Jersey, with
a capital stock of $3,000,000. It will control
every limekiln south of Virginia and east
of Texas except five. ; - - . -
CHILDREN MARRIED WITH
CONSENT OF PARENTS
Thirteen-Year-Old Schoolgirl and F ifteen-
Year-Old Massachusetts Youth
llnitftri
. . :,..'. wI| IWVIi
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
-
i BOSTON. March 25.— A girl of 13 years. Miss Delia Murphy, became enam- -
ored with a youth. Earl "Willis. 15 years of age, and has married him, The love ,
affair has been going on for about two years, with the full consent of those
] Interested, and the little town of Bastondale is greatly excited. Tha boy '
was working In a Brockton shop and she was a school girl. The parents of
the groom, with whom the bride and groom are now living, and the mother
of the bride are widely known In the town. The Rev. "W. L. Chaffin of tha .
Unity church performed the ceremony, with the full consent of the parents.
MAY BUILD RAILWAY
THROUGH NAPA VALLEY
W. B. King of Oakland Projects Ban
ning a Line From Vallejo to
Lakeport.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA. March 25.— W. B. King of Oak
land has been In this city and tbe upper
Napa Valley for some, time past pushing
a project with a view of building a broad
gauge steam railway through Napa Val
ley from Vallejo to Lakeport, In Lake-
County— that is, If the people of Lake
County will give, the schema the proper
support. :
Mr. King is a practical railroad builder
and has superintended the construction of
railways in Southern California and the
State of Washington. He Is at present a
member of the Independent Transporta
tion Company of Oakland, in which or
ganization E. H. Winship of this city is
also Interested. Mr. King has been trying
to float the bonds of the Clear Lake Elec
tric Power Company for the purpose of
building the proposed electric road In this
valley agitated by that company, but In
this he has not succeeded very welL He
has approached the directors cf the Clear
Lake Company and they have stated that
they will sell the right of way privileges
owned by them to film.
Rev. Richard Wylie, E. H. Wlnshlp, R.
Raymond and T. B. Hutchlnson of this
city are directors of the Clear Lake
Power Company, and have in two years
secured franchises In Napa. Lake. Sol.mo
"and Sonoma counties , for their proposed
electric j railway.- The residents of Lake
County are very desirous of having a
railroad run Into that section, and Mr.
King thinks that it can.be accomplished.
Big Catch of Seals.
ST. JOHNS. N. P.. March 25.— The seal-
Ing steamer Leopard, which took shelter
at Welseyvllle yesterday In consequence
of the storm. Is due here to-morrow morn-
Ing, and other steamers are expected to
arrive during the day. Judging from re
ports thus far received the total number
of seals actually taken by the fleet Is
about 296,000. and the prospect is that this
total wiy be increased by some 60,000 be
fore the season closes. As the entire catch
last year was only 247,000, this year's fig
ures promise to be the best within twenty
years. . ,' cv : --v ; : j - :
SKELETON FOUND UNDER
OLD EL CAPITAN HOTEL
There Are Two Large Dents on the Side
of the Skull and It Is Believed a
Murder Was Committed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KTEKCED, March 24. — The workmen employed In clearing
away the brick foundation of the El Capitan Hotel unearthed a hu
man skeleton this afternoon. It vras found under the oven, and just
how it got there is a mystery. Upon examination it was found that
.he skull contained two large dents on the side, which leads to the
belief that murder has been committed.
The authorities are at work trying to solve th© mystery.
MINERS WILL HASTEN
WORK ON THE DAM
Committee Going to Washington Instructed.
Southern Portion of State to Be Included
in the Mineral Lands Bill. ££%
USES the committee appointed by
the California Miners' Association
reaches Washington Its first busi
ness will be to try to secure the
construction of restraining dams
to permit of th© early resumption of
'hydraulic mining on a large scale* There
•is {MO.OOO on hand for the beginning of
th* work of dam building. The commit-
Hto«» which consists of Attorney General
t Tlrey t*. Ford and A. Camlnettl. will urge
; also that the southern part of the State
-shall not b© exempted from the operation
•xrf the mineral lands bllL The bill for
ithe protection of the mineral claimants
'-zo oil lands will also be urged.
The mining news of the week In this
Btate Is rtcn In promises of Increased de
velopment. In tne northern part of the
'State one striking piece of news follows
-another. New oil companies are con
tirmaJy forming in various sections to
?exploit new fields. All the Elgns are hope
; *uL The limit to electrical development
Sb far from being reached. For Instance,
: a writer In the New York Electrical Re
view tells this week of a scheme in Mex
ico to transmit 1000 horsepower over £»
ijnlles to a group of silver mines. The
rwriter. Louts Bell, thinks that the propo
sition is feasible. Itit> plant would cost
•only $250,00), he says. News of the ex
"teopion of dredge mining and the ex
tremely low cost of cheap mining and
milling are signs of the time. There are
¦many others familiar to all concerned in
mining development. Some account has
been given of the low cost of operation
of the Spanish mine in Nevada County,
four miles from Washington. Horace F.
Brown has been looking the matter up
and he writes that probably the record
of this mine has never been equaled and
certainly never broken for cost of opera
tion and the tonnage worked In propor
tion to the labor employed. It is credited
mith paying a prom, from ores carrying
but 65 cents per ton ana has a special
record for work still more phenomenal.
Superintendent Kimble of the Klmble
gravel mine in El Dorado County, which
is about a mile south of Placervllle. says
he has kept a record and has been able
to mine and mill jjravc-l at the rate of
&. o»»ntE per car-load of 13VJ pounds. How
the latter is effected is expia'ned by the
Xl Dorado Republican as lollows:
At present they are taking out a hard ce
mented blue gravel irom breasts 40 to 71 feet
wide and from 2Vi to » feet deep, which Is car-
Tied over T rails an average distance o£ 2000
feet to the ore bin. Thence it passes through
i^lf-feedera to the ten stamps. The gravel is
' composed of quartx, flate and rhyollte lava
r-ebbles imbedded in the cementing material.
•It is ail blasted. The bedrock is slate of
medium hardness.
The stamps are 6SO pounds, xrith from 5 to 6
inches drop and a speed of from V 6 to 110 drops
rer minute. A coarse screen and high dis
charge are used. The discharge Js 6 inches,
with a. four-hole screen. 14 Inches wide. When
»-t!ie crushed travel conies from the mill after
this process, the cementing material Is en
tirely dissolved into its constituents of sand,
• nujd. etc., and the pebbles of slate and quartz
.are crushed to about the fineness of grains
tci wheat. A caving is effected In getting rid
Cf this hard material without crushing it ur»
¦ aeceeearlly fine, as it contains no gold. No
culckeilver Is used In the battery and no plates
:are used anywhere. The tailings flow over a
; seriee of riffles perhaps 60 feet in length. They
are wooden •'cross riffles." that Is. at right
anrles to the How. each beveled from the upper
' tif> of Its lower elde at an angle of 4a degrees,
fine result Is a peculiar action of the water
rj,y which It dances as though a heavy rain
• ¦no-re falllnc In It and the sand between the
: riffles never packs, but remains open to gold
' deposit and amalgamation.
The mill can dispose of 322 carloads. 1300
•pouad» each— the capacity of the ore-bin— ln a
iron cf twenty- four hours. Power Is developed
'by a six-foot Hendy wheel under a pressure
•of ITS feet. Wages In the mine are 12 50 for
Ijnlnere and *2 for car men. working shirts of
' nine hours.
The Standard Electric Company's work
on the Mokelumne River at Big Bar is
¦ now employing several hundred men, and
'there will "be a force of 500 soon. The
mountain road to the site of the new plant
¦ B.t Whites Bar has been completed. It
•lollows the river grade. The work on the
trench for the pipe line is under way
¦This trench will be 4000 feet long and will
carry two thirty-Inch pipes laid in cement.
The site for the plant will be on the old
"Whites Bar mine, and the surface Is to bo
hycraulicked off to. expose the bedrock
for the foundation of the new plant, which
¦will be of 15,000 horsepower. The company
*ls also constructing a reservoir from
•which there will be a tunnel, now build
ing 3100 feet long. The new canal will be
cut at an elevation of Km) feet above the
Present Blue Lakes canal. The new canal
will be twenty-four miles long, and the
head of the dam will be one and a half
miles above the present Blue Lakes dam.
'.The present canal has a capacity of 5000
Inches of water. Tbe new one will carry
James L. Glllis teUs the
ffiacramento Record-Union that fourteen
<ierr!cks have been erected in the last
few weeks near the wells of the Sacru
rn«-jto Oil Company in the Kern River
£i«-trfct by shifts of men who are working
right and day. He also says that the la
<J rations are that the oil area is not aa
Wide as was at nr«t supposed. W ells put
Snwn on the outskirts of the known oil
fi?5 n tare not struck oil at a depth of
inoi T'm' OH has been struck in San Joa
«Viin Co'untv a few miles west of Tracy
S& near the boundary line of Contra
rv^ta. County. Two pieces of Government
land have been taken up In the district.
a^kP™ Cltytbe Sumner Oil, Water and
Land Company is prepared to exploit on
'Jiff McKrivev place, half a mile north
¥£t ot ? the .town H" lts of K « rn - 011 h * s
Wn -truck in the Fullerton district, in
S?uth*m California. Just within the
S-oUth ™f Sequel Canyon. While the oil
Strikes in the open country are hailed
tiVh^clSht. the 'perplexities of Los An-
B eles becluse cf too much oil In the city
limits to which allusion has previously
been made, are on the Increase. A deci
sion has just been rendered by Justice H.
C. Austin upholding* the ordinance that
forbids the sinking of an oil well within
C9OO feet of a public park. There Is no
question as to the facts. The well boring
upon which the prosecution was based
took place within ISM feet of Westlake
J>ark as admitted. The only question Is
i,s to 'the validity of the ordinance, and an
appeal will be taken. In the meantime
violators of the ordinance will be prose-
C1 The lack of water at Randsburg Is ad
mitted by the ftandsburg Miner to be seri
ous The Plnmore and Red Dog mills at
Johannesburg are stopped for lack of
Zrater The Yellow Aster mill. has about
water to keep running. "The camp
never looked better." says the Miner,
•'nor were the .-mines ever in a better con
dition and our future Is great; but water
we must have, and Its source Js not de
termined nor will any more mills be built
here until it is assured. Many families
¦iW fjji a town with water pipes In their
'Viou6«s and paying a water rate have not
Y.*A a drop of water through the pipes for
Vte Co-opwatlve Petroleum Miners' A*-
eoclatlon has been formed at Bakerefleld
with the following members: C. A. Can
field, W. C. Beatty, R, G. Morrison, S. P.
Wible. E. C. Palmes. F. R. Pitney, L.
Hlrshfeld. J. W. Jameson. J. B. Batz, T.
E. Harding. I. L. Miller. Charles A. Lee,
J. F. El wood, C. A. Fuller, T. P. Spiers.
T. H. Lemon, W. G. Berry, W. I. Rob
erts. A. Weill. E. S. St. Clair, T. W. Helm,
J. M. Jameson, W. J. Bennetts, .J. W.
Nance, A- A. Armstrong. T. A. Manning,
L. P. Fickert. C. Brower. L. P. St. Clair,
C. J. Berry and A. L. McPherson.
Indian Valley will soon have In opera
tion one of the largest mining plants ever
established in Plumas County. It will be
located on the north arm of Indian Val
ley, on the ranch of W. T. Peter. The
shaft is 170 feet below the level of that
part of the valley, or 490 feet below the
apex of the vein. There are now 425 feet
of cross-cut tunnels and 475 feet of drift
ing on the veins. In prosecuting the de
velopment work 1400 tons of ore have been
placed on the dump. The Bulletin says:
"The property will be operated on a scale
rivaling that on which the Plumas Eu
reka was mined for a quarter of a cen
tury. This, with other propositions now
opening up, means a renewal of prosper
ity In Indian Valley, the garden spot of
Plumas."
The Mount Shasta gold mines on Clear
Creek, are reported to be about to resume
operations. Preparations are making for
sinking the shaft below the place where
it stopped when the mines were closed
down. Nearly 100 men were employed
there last year. The Texas Consolidated
gold mine in Old Digging, according to
the Redding Free Press, is also about to
resume work. A gang of men has been
busied getting ready for the reopening.
The mill on the river bank will not be
used for the present. The ore will be
transmitted by cable tramway to the
smelters. The Texas mine was turned
over to the trustees some time ago by R.
G. Hart for the benefit of his creditors
and by them bonded to H. C. Woodrow
and C. C. Bush for eighteen months.
The site of the De Lamar smelter has
been selected. It will be placed on the
claims purchased by Captain de Lamar
some months ago, about five-eighths of a
mile southeast of the Bully Hill mine and
about two and a half miles northeast of
Copper City. The smelter will have a ca
pacity of 150 tons per day, which was the
capacity of the original smelter at Kes
wick. The Mountain Copper Company
now has three of these furnaces. A re
finery will be constructed In connection
with the emelter. The site is upon what
has been known as the Popejoy placer
claims. The local papers are predicting
that a second Keswick is about to arise.
Porter L>alrd r a prospector, is dry wash-
Ing what was once the main street of La
Paz, Ariz., about 125 miles north of Yuma.
This was once a prosperous mining camp,
but for twenty years or more has been
only a little cluster of adobes, in little
better condition than are the ruins of
Casa Grande. Several millions of dollars
were taken out of the heaps of sand and
then the claims seemed to peter out. Por
ter Laird says he has found that there Is
enough gold In the streets to make mining
prontable and he is making wages. The
gravel banks along the Colorado are sup
posed to contain considerable gold and
several companies are preparing to op
erate dredgers to bring the auriferous
Fands from the river bed and extract the
dust by means of the usual sluices and
riffles.
There Is a curious condition of affairs
at Randsburg. The Jim Crow mine is in
the middle of the most used thoroughfare
of the town and takes, up 600 feet of
ground ln^ne direction and 1500 feet in
another. Tnis land has been patented by
the owners, who are laying it off into
town lots and asking a fixed price per
front foot for it Many stores and other
buildings are on the ground and the oc
cupants are making a lively kick over
what they style extortion. They have
held undisputed possession of the prop
erty about three years. They do not dis
pute that the owners of the claim have
the right to the minerals in the ground,
but they stoutly assert that they have a
right to the surface. The matter may
rind its way into court.
G. L. Carr of Carrvllle, Trinity County,
has just purchased a concentrator, mill,
rock breaker and engine and boiler for
the Yellow Rose of Texas mine on Coffee
Creek. James Connors has purchased a
fifth interest in the Happy Thought,
Rockery and Hawkeye quartz mining
claims from Earl D. Blowers, James
Drennan, William Schweitzer and M. L.
Barker. The Herzog. Morley and other
claims on French Creek, about eight miles
south of Etna, -Slsklyou County, have
been bonded by Q. V. Green, Davld ; Jones
and others, who will erect a smelter. E.
D. Boyle has bought a two-thirds interest
in the Stevenson mine in Lower Gold Hill,
Nev., from Theodore Washburn and Jo
seph Mills. One-half of the Blrdlnia
quartz mine at Campe Sece has been sold
to James Corrigan.
The substance of a recent ruling: of the
Commissioner of the United States Land
Office at Washington, D. C. is that a
patent on mineral land must be carried
through without delay. The person who
makes his application for entry must pro
ceed with his case or he loses all his
rights after a reasonable time has elapsed.
The custom has been to apply for ¦ a
patent and then in many cases to allow
the matter to rest for years. The Com
missioner ba?es his ruling on section 2324
of the Revised Statutes.
The use of dredgers in mining is rapidly
increasing. There are eight dredgers
launched near Oroville. A dredger la at
work on the Trinity River at Poker Bar.
Pittsburg capitalists are interested in
a dreglng proposition twenty miles further
up the river. Other portions of Trinity
County and parts of Sisklyou are to be
come tleld6 for dredger mining. A dredger
has Just beea launched at Yreka Creek
at Sisklyou and machinery is now being
placed.
The total production of metals In the
Dominion of Canada as Just reported by
the Geographical Survey of Canada dur
ing the year 1839 was r25.533.717. The gold
output of the Yukon district was $16,-
CKW.oOO and the gold from all other parts
amounted to $5,049,730. The copper output
amounted to J2.653.319: silver, J1.533.371;
nickel. J2.0C7.840; iron. 5248,372; lead. $377,
250. The total production, metallic and
non-metallic ores, w«s $47,275,512. as
against $38,651,010 In 1898. an increase of
22.2 per cent. Of this 15.52 per cent is cred
ited to the increased output of gold from
the placers in Yukon. 2.52 per cent to the
increase in other metallic products and
3.84 per cent to the growth of the non
metaJllc mineral Industries. Gold I leads
the way with 44.53 per cent, coal 19.12,-cop
per 6.62, silver 3.88. nickel 4.37 • and - lead
2.07 per cent. With the exception of a
slight falling off in the value of the asbes
tos all the other chief minerals show con
siderable advances, both in amount and
value. Inspection of the figures shows
this especially to be the case in the ce
ment and coke making industries.'
Motal rustic Initials or name stamped In
rold leaf free ¦ of ¦ charge on ' all - leather
Eods purchased at Saoboro ft -Vall'i, 741
-. nfc*t Btreet^;;- :;, '; >-:--:., f<^z,:*.J:
Death of Francis Belard.
MONTEREY, March 25.— News has b«en
received here of the death "In Fresno of
Francis Belard. a pioneer resident of Call
fornla and father of Dr. Belard of this
city. He was born In France elrty-four
years apo, but came to America in his
early youth. He leaves a widow, two sons
and a daughter,, - • -^ Vk _.
New York Dental Parlors,
"%Tf\ TIITMT Nowhere on earth /it the TkT/\ /^ AOT
JN U if AIW I 'thoroughly understood and Al U UAul
¦ Moioomc: . is^sarsa^ ' r;*^™™
PORTLAND, magnificently appointed SAN FRANCISCO,
4th and Morrison Sts. dental ofSce. 723 Market Street.
You may have your TEETH OUT l\ THE MORNING antfv
go home with NEW ONES THE SAME DAY.
< -'NO CHARGE FOR PAINLESS EXTRAC- - ASIDE FROM THB SFECIAUSTS E«
tlon when teeth are ordered. All work done by bridge work, we have specialists In plata work,
rraduate dentists of 1J to 20 years' experience: who are world-renowned, men of superior Jn- •
a specialist in each department. We will tell tetllgmee,- who- bave devoted their whole lives
you in adrance exactly what yoar work will to this work,
cost by a free examination. Give us a e»U. and '
•you will find we do. exactly as we advertise.
_^^s*«k />f"»/\«% /» I£» The following are amon«
... ml *TCP fl[ HA I nllwVlM.^ tbe »P«c»»J branches oC
NO rLAItS HQSIa I^IIVFTTIIO wMcn w# ca all-nse COM-
I'" BFh> H ¦kHL PETITION: GOLD
lULulllk. I9WV CROWNS, GOLD BRIDGES (TEETH tVlTH-
*U|Dfcfc.^^H KiW^ °UT PLATES). GOLD FILLINGS. PORCK-
-^sflfc TEH K| LAIN FILLINGS. PORCELAIN CROWN'S.
mSSm^. ** }\ PORCELAIN BRIDGES. TREATMENTS. EX-
sHEy^V^S.^-^ A JJ TRACTING TEETH WITHOUT PAIN. REOU-
PBf ¦ Tf Y^ry \ \lf LATINO TEETH. AND FULL AND PARTIAL.
MIL.«L.i««:.L X I Xrmf'hM PLATES MADE OV OOLD. ALUMINUM. ZT-
• LONITE. WATTS METAL. PORCELAIN AND
In our GOLD CROWNS and BRIDGE WORK. — —
of which we are making a SPECIALTY. th« 00 v - .. /*»««»#.¦ fts nt\ ,
most BEAUTIFUU ; PAINLESS and- DUR- 22-K Gold CPOWn3...-. M «.«,»0.00 V
ABLE of - all . dental, work ; known ?to the pro- *V»l*l ' cun.xa ' 1 OA
feislon. you will find an example of ihe HIGH- Gold hillings ............__ I.UO
i^cKihTlJ^^^^ ~~™ •«<>
%%S^iSFS£SS?& pro*. «v.factory . Teeth -Without Plate...™ 5.00
will be attended- to. -without charge, at our —,-,•• ~__ .<~— sva-*
nearejt office. The followlnt: prices will pre- \ FULL SET. ... $5.00
723 Market Street, San Francisco.
|||S||! (HISTORT BUILDING). - ~*_ *
FOURTS AND MORRISON STREETS.. ..>....... PORTLAND, O». =
CARTER'S PLEA FOR THE
RESIDENTS OF ALASKA
Montana Senator Will To-Day Call
. Up the Territorial Code Bill
. for Consideration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March JS. — Senator
Carter will endeavor to call up the Alas
kan code bill for consideration to-morrow.
Speaking of the great mineral wealth of
Alaska and the necessity for the passage
of the bill; he said to-day:
. "The Transvaal, Australia and Califor
nia and all gold producing fields known
to history fall into insignificance as com
pared with the volume of precious metals
to flow from the Alaskan mines. The dis
trict of Alaska. has yielded to the treas
ury of the United States and to the peo
ple of 'the country, a million dollars for
every thousand invested, in purchase, and
is destined to be the great unfailing gold
supply for this country. I am anxious to
see the people of Porto Rico and the Phil
ippines, taken care of: but the people of
Alaska come home to us. They are of
our own flesh and blood. -They go there
from every State and Territory in the Un
ion. Do not force them to protect them
selves as best they can from the strong
arm of mob law. The Senate should pass
the bill providing for their. government."
COLONEL ELLIOT'S
BODY IS AT REST
Funeral of the Retired Army Officer
Who Directed Fortifications
of San 1 ran Cisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— The funeral
of Colonel George H. Elliot, U. S. A., re
tired, well known on the Pacific Coast,
who died here on Friday, will take place
to-morrow. The interment ¦ will be made
at Arlington.
ColoneT, Elliot was ' a native of Massa
chusetts, and graduated from .West Point
in 1855. t In 1557 he was appointed assistant
engineer In charge of the construction of
the defenses ' of San, Francisco harbor.
After the civil war," In which - he : served
with distinction, he had many important
duties which kept him on " the Pacific
Coast until 1870. ¦¦ He wrote I several : valu
able works, Including, one on "The Pre
sidio of San'Francisco.'V ". ¦;
SURVEYING FOR A RAILWAY.
Party of Engineers; Keeps Wyoming
Citizens Guessing.
•WHEATLAND; Wyo.. March 25.— This
community is again stirred by the appear
ance of a party, of surveyors in charge of
an engineer named Negus. =The party. has
been in the field for several weeks, and has
surveyed a line from a point on the Bur
lington's > Alliance-Guernsey line, "about
two miles east of Fort Laramie, following
the i Laramie f Rtver ¦ as ' far west ; as s the
mouth of the •; Chugwater Creek. From
there ,the survey leaves, the Burlington,
nnd, verging tothe south follows up the
east side of the Chug, Valley .until Wheat
land } Is ; reached. >.The survey, crosses the
line of the Cheyenne and Northern about
500 yards north of the depot, and passing
through : the northwestern ; part j of ;. town
continues on in a southwesterly direction.
Shipwrecked Seamen Reach Port.
NEW-YORK. March 25.— Among the
passengers iWho"V arrived -to-day; on .: the
Bteamer J .Olinda>frora 'Cuban : ports ;were
thirty- stranded : colonists from La Gloria
and - twenty-five * shipwrecked: seamen/
Twenty, of ; the latter are ¦ from '< the ? Nor
wegian n steamer Framnes. which was
swept , ashore by,; currents \ on i Hog l Sty
reef, I!n | the Bahamas,^, on : March 5 2. -¦¦ and
became a total loss, . as ; already reported;
The crew - landed • on ' the reef with provi
sions, and waa • picked up by the steamer
Admiral • Schley * and r landed s at * Fortune
Island.- •?. The . other five , shipwrecked ; sea
men ' were from' the American c schooner
Hattie i Godfrey, which • was : lost on ' Ro
mano reef. ;., - -~\ --^ .',
TWO MEN ARRESTED
FOR STEALING CATTLE
Accused of Systematically Disposing
of Their Employer's Stock to . ,
Transient Buyers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO, March .25.— A warrant was
sworn out by H. C. Simmons for the ar
rest of William Swearinger and Albert
Myers Saturday, " charged with cattle
stealing. Swearinger and Myers were ar
rested this morning by " Deputy .' Sheriff
Redwine and are now in his custody.
Both the accused were in the employe of
Simmons on his ranch, twelve miles east
of Covelo, and while thus engaged, they
made way with their employer's stock.
Some fifteen or twenty head of prime cat
tle are missing, and it is alleged the cat
tle were taken off the ranch and sold to
transient stock buyers by the prisoners.
This morning Swearinger and Myers en
tered a plea of not guilty, the magistrate
holding- them both under J5OO bond,, which
is not yet filed. Swearinger is the young
man who waa recently implicated In • a
horse stealing affair. He Is about 24 years
of age and bears a hard reputation. Nu
merous recent depredations of this char
acter have aroused stock owners and
every effort will be made for a convic
tion. The date of the hearing is delayed
to enable stock men from outlying ranges
to be present. The evidence is expected
to disclose a system of nefarious traffic
on the wholesale order. Other arrests are
expected to follow. - -»> ¦'• ; 2
FRANK TIMMS DEAD.
Body of the Old Hunter] Found in
Petaluma ; Creek." ' <
PETALUMA. March 25.— Frank Tlmms.
one of the best known characters of So
noma and Marln counties, *an old-time
hunter and trapper, was found drowned in
Petaluma Creek about twelve miles below
this city this afternoon. He was missed
in the morning and employes of the Fair
ranch, below Lakeville. found his hat and
coat early in the afternoon on a mud
bank. Near by was a knife, as if he had
been cleaning fish. The body was later
picked up near Blgler's stone warehouse,
not far ¦ from the place where the cloth
ing was found. It is supposed that his
death was due to an accident, although
some think that he committed suicide. He
has been troubled of. late over legal mat
ters, and, had shown signs of mental
weakness.- " *¦ ¦''.'' ' '
Deceased- was unmarried, a native of
Maine, 63 years of age. He leaves a good
sized estate In land situated near this
city to two sisters. \ .
IRISH LEADERS REUNITED.
Bedmond, O'Connor and Healy Ad
' dress a Liverpool Gathering. ,\ i
LIVERPOOL, March 25.— John Red
mond, leader of ''the' Irish Nationalist
party In the" House Commons; T. 1 P.
O'Connor and » Timothy Healy ; addressed
an Important Irish demonstration here to
day. - Congratulating Irishmen upon .reun
ion, Mr. Redmond said they had met:un
der happy- auspices for the first time : In'
a ; decade and « declared that he; stood on
the. same platform -as, Messrs. O'Connor
and Healy. :'' * ' r T -/^W !>
Yaquis Surrounded.
• SONORA 1 , Mex.,' March 25.— General Tor
res' j force of : Mexican troops has fully 800
Taqul Indians surrounded a short distance
north ' of i Torin, and .the , early ¦ surrender
or complete annihiliation of .the j rebels lis
considered certain. -The Indians have been
caught In a trap.- and their only means of
escape I is ' to cut I their way - through l the
ranks of, the Government troops.-;^- -. ..
Slaughter of Blue jays.
i ANGELS CAMP.t March \ 25.— Sportsmen
of \ this vicinity." made great . slaughter ,' of
bluejays ; to-day. ,: •Thirty men • killed . 1135
birds in eight . hours. :•; These ; birds have
become such a great pest, destroying the
nests of quail and other game birds, that
steps to destroy them ' have become nec
essary. .'¦-¦::¦;: ;,-¦'-'..•.,:- :.¦'.;¦:. '•¦ ¦;..-¦>:, - ,<-." : ..\
WILL NOT ALLOW
HER REMAINS TO
REST IN PEACE
Condemned Professor Morse
Sold in Seattle for
Nome Trade.
New Steamer for the Mexican Trade.
New and Welcome Regime at the
Ferrics — Grace Barton Be- ,
places the McDowell.
The old Atlantic liner Professor Morse
recently sold to Puget Sound parties was
the one topic of conversation on the water
front yesterday. A vessel with a more
varied career it would be hard to find
on the Pacific Coast, but the crowning
point in her history came when she was
sold to Seattle parties to carry passengers
to Nome, when in fact she lies at the
Presidio a condemned hulk.
The - Prof essor Morse was built in 1866,
In Scotland, for the Marine Investment
Company jof Glasgow. . She was chris
tened the Aline, and for a time ran be
tween England and America. She was not
a success even in those days of early
steamboating and the Marine Investment
Company, getting tired of its bargain,
sold the steamer to South of England
parties, who changed her name to Suf
folk. Under her new cognomon she ran
to New Orleans from Liverpool for a long
time and was finally sold to S. Oterl of
Louisiana. Just about the time her li
cense was to expire the Klondike boom
burst forth and vessels were wanted at
any price. Parties in San 'Francisco of
fered a good price for the old hulk and
It was promptly accepted. Providence
had a great deal to do with her final voy
age, febe had to stop at Sand Point for
repairs and only got through the Straits
of Magellan by a scratch. On her arrival
at Coronel it was never thought she
would get away again, but once more the
boilers were patched up and she flnally
reached San Francisco, "a complete
When "Pat" Galvln, the head of the
syndicate that had purchased the vessel,
looked her over beat once said she was
not fit to go to sea again and sent her
to .".ie Presidio, where she has lain ever
since. A board of survey passed on her
in June, I&3S, and condemned her as un
seaworthv, and ever since the vessel has
been rotting at her moorings.
The Klondike boom has passed, and now
vessels are in demand for the Cape Nome
rush. Captain F. N. Handy, who was in
on the sale of the Professor Morse, waa
one of those caught during the Dawson
excitement. He and others purchased the
old side-wheel steamer Tiger and the
schooner Mary Bldwell. The Tiger used'
to haul the Sausalito freight boats across
the bay and was still in good condition
when purchased by Handy. ' The Inspec
tors of hulls and boilers would not allow
her to take an ocean voyage, however,
and the ojd side-wheeler is still lying in
Oakland Creek.
Handy's brother was an ex-Collector of
Customs at Unalaska, and both of them
formerly lived at 306 Pine street, in this
city. Captain Handy met Dr. F. E. Ad
ams of Seattle here and between them
they purchased the Professor Morse.
Then they got Dr. J. E. Jordan into the
scheme of running her to Nome, and he .
put up $10,000 to secure a managing own
er's share. He sent an agent to San
Francisco and that gentleman, to fore
stall Handy, put the following ad. In the
dally papers:
NOTICE
Is hereby given that no one Is authorized to
order any work done on the Professor Morse
except myself. All work done without a writ
ten order from me j will not be paid for.
J. L. FISHER,
Master and agent for managing owner.
The notice was published on March 13,
and it only took Fisher twenty-four hours
to discover that the Professor Morse was
a wreck. He' telegraphed the facts to
Seattle and now. Dr. Jordan has a war
rant out for. the arrest of Captain Handy.
The Mexican steamer Ignaclo Mariscal
sailed for Manzanllla and way ports via
San Diego yesterday. After making the
round trip to Mexican ports she will come
back here and have new boilers put in.
The Ignacio Mariscal was i lormerly.- the
Alice Blanchard, so well known .on the
coast as a collier." Her hull Is Bound and
the machinery is good, -but the local in
spectors have only licensed .the boilers
for this voyage. On her return here -and
after a general' overhauling the Ignacio
Mariscal will ' go into the . regular trade
between > Mexican ports : and , San Fran-
Captain • Tlbbetts, the, well-known ship
ping man of Eureka, is on a visit to his
brother, the port captain for .C." A/ Hooper
& Co. The Eureka shipmaster has a host
of friends In San Francisco, 'all of whom
gave him a hearty welcome ; on 'change
yesterday.
Nat Thompson, a runner for . the • Russ
House, will not lock horns with Sergeant
"Tom" Mahoney of the. harbor.: police
again in a hurry. The sergeant always
means what he says, and when an order
come 3 from him that Is the end of It— bar
the arrest for . an infringement of the
game. A. few days ago Sergeant Mahoney
warned the runners , that they could not
interfere with ferry passengers inside a
prescribed limit. Yesterday- Thompson
overstepped the bounds, and when ordered
back ' by the sergeant, became ¦ Impudent.
That was the last of the Russ House man
for yesterday. Inside of ten minutes he
was . locked up In the - harbor police sta
tion with a charge of violating the hack
ordinance against him.
Sergeant Mahoney.. is now >In general
cbajjco at the ferry deoot, and a. better
BRUTAL FIGHT
OF TWO SAILORS
AT SAUSALITO
Battled in the Street Until
Both Were Completely
Exhausted.
Friends Carried Them, Back to the
Ship, Where They Now Lie
in a Precarious Con
dition.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
SAUSALJTO. March 25.— Two sailors
from the British ship Inversk, now un
loading coal for the North Pacific Coast
Railroad, had a brutal' fight in the street
this morning. ;• ?•¦;.::
I The men were drinking together in a sa
loon when an altercation arose, and they
decided to settle . the matter with bare
fists. They went out into I the street,
stripped to the waist and began pummel
ing one another viciously. They kept it
up until both fell exhausted and sense
less. : \>' . .. •-
Friends carried them back to the ship,
where they are now under a doctor's care.
Their condition Is precarious.;^" „-
man could not be found In the police force
of San Francisco.
The United States quartermaster's
steamer General McDowell went to the
Fulton Iron Works yesterday to have a
new house and new decks built and new
boilers put in place. She will also be
fitted with a Wittran propeller, and Chief
Engineer Christiansen expects her to
make extra good time when she comes
oft the drydock.
The river steamer Grace Barton will
take the McDowell's place. The latter
vessel is just off the drydock, having been
newly painted and 'fitted with a large
pumping plant. She is now one of the
most comfortable steamers on the bay.
and the army people will be well supplied
during the enforced absence of the Mc-
Dowell. Captain H. G. Bell, master of
the steamer Zlnfandel for the past ten
years, will command the Grace Barton.
He is one of the most skillful navigators
on the bay, so there Is no chance of the
Barton being lost in the fog. .
The collier Czarina arrived from Seattle
after a run of eighty-seven hours— one of
the fastest runs of the year for this class
of vessel. Captain Seaman, knowing the
vessel was wanted here, brought her
along at a" good clip and lost no time in
Getting . the cargo out as soon as she
ocked. The Czarina goes to Pacific
street wharf this morning and will at once
begin loading a general cargo for Hono
lulu. Almost every ounce she can carry
has already been engaged, and the
chances are she will sail for the islands
some time to-morrow. .
The schooner Emma Claudina. sixteen
days from Mahukona, and the ship Lu
cile. fifteen days from Honolulu, arrived
yesterday and were placed In quarantine.
The steamer North Fork, which left for
Eureka last Saturday, met with a slight
mishap to her machinery and had to
anchor in the bay. The necessary repairs
were made and the vessel proceeded early
yesterday, morning. . .."-¦ '&£:£
The New 8500-Ton Steamer Calif ornian.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1900.
The first of tfce American-Hawaiian Steamship Company's new steamers will be in commission about July next. They
are the largest freight carriers of their class ever built in the United States and are to run between San Francisco. Hono
lulu and New York. There will be four steamers in the line besides a number of sailing vessels, all of which will be handled*
in New York by Flint. Dearborn & Co. and in San Francisco by Williams, Dlmond & Co.
The four new steamers are to be named ' American, Hawaiian, Callfornian and Ore&onlan. They will be 8500 tons bur
den. ISO feet long, 51 feet beam and SO feet 6 Inches deep.. The horsepower Is to be 3000 indicated, and the vessels will have
a speed of about ten knots, with a carrying capacity of 15,000 tons. The Callfornian Is now nearlng completion at tha
Union Iron "Works, while the others are well under way In the East. They are all Intended for the sugar trade. From
New York they will bring general merchandise to San Francisco. From here' they. will go to Honolulu and load sugar for
the East, and so on all the year around. The accompanying cut of the new steamers Is the first that has ever been
published. : >^.-\v
Wt&y This is the beginning of the
B^^ seventh week of our remark- \^fl Lwi
WF/ able sale of good
W/ blue serge \M
II suits for $io vl
I// The longer this sale.runs the more popu- \\
I/I- lar it seems to be. It looks as if it was going \\
I/I to be about the most favorable 'sale we ever II
i I had. We mention this to show you what j
II interest the sale has awakened. You may '
J| have waited to see how well the suits have
II taken.
I 1I 1 But why wait? You get our guarantee: j
111 Your moneys worth or your money re- J
j\\ turned, or repairing free. jl
I \\ Cut-of 'town orders filled. Write us ~ //
Il\ for catalogue No. 2of Suits. Overcoats, v- ¦ - //
I A\ Hats and Furnishings. We fill all orders I A
I lAY carefully, promptly. , . /M
ek\ SJiWiiod&Cd. Am
1 1 S\ 718 Market 6t - /Jm\
3
ATyyr'H-'PIS t ''M HUTS.Thin Babies
often develop into weak,
delicate, backward children;
undersized, nervous, feeble,
idults. Lack of nourish-
ment is the cause.
ScoTli&mufsioTu
is tHe remedy! A little of
it three or four times a day
will do wonders. The
pinched, sad faces beccm?
round and rosy; the wasted
limbs plump and firm. If
your baby is not doing well,
try this great food-medicine.
~*3C. *od Jt.oo, »:l drag p«t*
A TWT*. WV I Sty, M V. M TS.
SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES.
WHEN the historians" of the future undertake to
analyze the "complex characteristics of our time
they will probably note it as an age of scien
tific discovery. Almost everything else we have done
has been but a result of the scientific advance. The
wonders of telegraphs and telephones and other me
chanical inventions have been due less to the mechan
ism through which they operate than to the discov
ery of the natural forces /which enable us to use them.
It is to the scientist, rather than to the inventor we
owe most of our recent progress in every direction^
from war to industry ; and, moreover, the man of
science is far in advance of the inventor, for he has
made known to us a number of forces which our me
chanics have not "yet devised a means of applying to
useful purposes. .^ •-. >4 - - : \> ;
These discoveries are among the most interesting of
There is a rumor in the East that Gorman's ac
tivity in the Democratic party is due to the buzzing
of the Presidential bee in his bonnet. He will! stand
in with Bryan this year, and in return: will expect the
Bryanites to stand for him four years from now.' The
report is interesting as a part of the talk of the day,
but the plan is too far-reaching to be counted as prac
tical politics. Four years from now there may be no
Bryanites, no Bryan, no' Democracy, and not even
a Gorman. . . ¦ •
In arguing a case in the Federal Court the other
day a local lawyer excused his client's preference for
New York on the ground that the social amenities
of.that city are greater than -our own. But^just think
of the fun we have, in joshing New' York's four hun
dred. ¦
The thieves of Spokane who robbed a church of its
organ, pews, chairs and hytmv-books, but -left the
pulpiti evidently had some sort of religious scruples.
They stripped the congregation, but respected (the
position of the pastor.
Since Carnegie and Frick' have settled their; dif-.
ferences we may expect an advance in the price of
steel sufficient to enable them to effect their com
promise at the expense of the public and without loss
to one another.
Ex-Consul Macrum is to' have a chance to make his
complaints in • public, and ' now.' we ; may ¦ look for a
vanishing illusion. When mysteries are exposed there
ii very little found in them of any importance/ " ; !
"¦ From all appearances the open door of China ap
pears a ! good thing for foreigners to. stay out of just
now unless accompanied by a warship.
Personally Conducted Excursions
' In improved wlde-v*stlboled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of paseenter*.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and -Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Loul*
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 62S Market street.
Ix>ndon medical papers discuss an out-
break of typhoid fever at Exeter, which
has been traced to consumption of raw-
cockles.
BLACK SATIN MANTLE.
The mantle represented in the • illustra
tion is of black duchesse satin, lined w th
white satin pique, notched at the bottom.
It is hemmed with a flounce of white lac*
over black moussellne de sole, the top of
which is edged with velvet braid embroid
ered with Jet. There is a similar trimming
on the front and at the shoulders.
soldiers who served during the Spanish-
American war. They refer to the exten
sion of homestead laws, reimbursement to
naval volunteers, extension of the privi
lege of the national homes for soldiers,
to disabled volunteers, the granting ot
land warrants, pension and giving prefer
ence in appointments to volunteers, but
as yet none of thene have become law.
POINTS IN CRIBBAGE— A. S.. Sacra
mento, and A. S., City. In a game of
crlbbage, if A holds a ten and three
que«ns and B holds seven, five and two
fours. B plays a seven, A follows with his
ten and B plays his other cards, A score's
with his queens two points for a pair and
six points for the third queen, also on»
point for last card. A hand containing
four treys and a sixspot scores 24.
SEPOY MirrTNT— A. C. R.. City. I>ur
insr the mutiny of the Sepoys in India in
1557 a great many whites were massacred
by some of the mutinous regiments, and
aa a punishment thirty Hindoos and Mus
sulmans were blown away from the guns
at Peshawar. Ten' nine-pounders formed
the one side of a hollow square, the other
sides being composed of British and In
dian soldiery. The crimes and sentences
were read to the thirty culprits, after
which their eyes were bandaged, they
were ten at a time backed against th*
muzzles of the guns, tied to them, their
arms being bandaged to the wheels, and
the guns were fired. The air was filled
with fragments of the culprits.
HOMESTEAT>— L. M.. City. Anderson
in his "Law defines a. home
stead as "the dwelling house in which th«
family resides, with the nsual and cus
tomary appurtenances. Including out
buildings of every description necessary
and convenient for family use, and land-t
used for the purpose thereof." The code*
of California say "a homestead consist*
of the dwelling house in which, the claim
ant resides and the land on 'which it la
situated." In this State if the horcestead
is taken from the community property it
vests on the death of the husband or wife
in the Burvivor. sublect to no other obli
gation than that the court may set it
aside for a time as a probate homestead.
After that time has elapsed the survivor
has full and exclusive control. y.ia
FASHION HINT PROM PARIS.
battery on the southern shore of entrance opened fire at th«
phips astern and the McCulloch and the Boston returned the
fire. It will be noted again that the Raleigh is not mentioned.
The official log book of the McCulloch states that at 12:15 a, m.
the Boston fired two shots and this vessel three shots at El
Fraile. The consensus of opinion from such eye witnesses as
I have conversed with on the subject is that the Boston and
McCulloch fired simultaneously, the difference in time, if any.
being in favor of the gun on this vessel.
Exception is also taken to Captain Coghlan'a letter -where h*»
says Lieutenant Rodman destroyed the batteries at the en
trance of Manila Bay on May 3, IS9B. Ido not know which
batteries Lieutenant Rodman destroyed, but I do know that
under orders from the Admiral the McCulloch destroyed, and
dismounted the guns at El Fralle, Cabello and Corregidor. th»
guns at El Fralle being thrown into the water. The enclosed
photograph shows a working party from the McCulloch dis
mounting the 8-Inch guns at Corregidor.
The McCulloch has always been modest regarding the small
part she played at Manila, and has never endeavored to usurp
any of the glory 'which belongs to the brilliant record of th»
Raleigh, but it is her due when she claims the first shot rather
than the Raleigh, a" the circumstances go to show tnat th«
honor either belongs to the McCulloch or Boston, but all things
considered. I think the former has the right to claim the honor.
Yours respectfully, J. H. CHALKER,
Chief Engineer^ U. S. R. C. S.
U. S. S. McCulloch, 3an Francisco. Cal. March 22. 1900.
California— "Podd'nhaad Wilson. **
Caliromlm— Pademrrtl.
Tlvoll— "Manila. Boond.~
CtolumWa — "Mr Smooth."
Alcarar— "Aunt Jack."
Orrheum — Vaudeville.
Orau<l Opera-hooae— "El CapHaa.**
Chut**. Zoo and Tfceate r— Vaudeville ever? afternoon and
•vmlns.
Otjrsnpta. corner of Mason and Kddy atraata, Epedaltlea. •
Fischer's New Concert Hou»e- "H Troratore."
Golden Gate Hall— Lecture Tuesday evening.
Oakland Race Track — Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By W. G. Lay r«— Monday, March £6. at 10:20 o'clock.
Horses, at Ttl Howard street.
By Emil Cohn— This day at II a. m., at 1009 Guerrero rL,
Groceries and fixtures.
This day, at US Valencia street, horses.
Ey Kaaton. Eldrtdte & Co.— Tuesday, ' March J7, at 12
o'clock. Real Estate, at OS Market street.
MONDAY .-..-..-. j... /.MARCH 26,1960
JOHN Dl SPRECKELS,. Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKS, Manager.
PUBLICATION orFICC. .Xarlut and Third. I. F,
Telrphon* Malm XBGS.
EDITORIAL R00M5.... 217 to 221 Stvremawn St.
Telephone Slain 1874.
Delivered l.y Carriers, 15 OnU Per W««k.
Mrglr Copies, 5 C-*n<«.
Tcnu by Mall, Ineladln* Foa<ajrei
ZJXZX.T CAiL (including Sunday), oat year ..$4.00
DAXLT CUXX. (tneJaClnc Sunday). 6 morrttis 8.00
DiILT CALX. (Including Sunday). S months 1.00
UaJXT CjLLL, — fly etacto Monti ..._._^.. ftßo
FU.NOAT CALL, Od« Tear —.... „ 1.60
WEEKLT CAIX. On* Yaw. ! 1.90
All postmaster* are authorised to recrlvo
•¦bocrlptlon*. ' .' *'
S&n>p!« copies will fc* forwarded wb«n requested.
p/>Ki.4in OFFICE .MIXIB. M 1X18 Broalwtr
C GEORGE KROGMESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Mtrquette Building, Chicago.
itzj%il T^HTT^ (XrttHJ3£* PON DK H T ;
C C f-AfflTOM „.,, ?. . .HeraJd Square
MirW TOBK REPKBBBNVA.TIVX:
PERRY LUKENS JR. 29 Tribune Bwlkfteg
CHICAGO NEWS STAXDfI;
Sbanasa How*; P. <X N*w* Ox: OrsU Northern Hstal^
fl'lllMH Hocse; AoCtcrtcra Hotel.
mw tors: news btajcds-.
WaMorf-Aatorla Hotel: A. B— nfrann. 81 TTnkmx aqoan|
WASHINGTON (D. C) OFFICE. W«nington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent
BOAJTCH OFFICES— CI 7 Mootmaerr. oornw <4 Clay, opes
ucUl 9:30 o'clock. SOO Haraa. open mntll 9:30 o'clock. 639
UcAlUmer, opan until 9:30 o'clock. 815 LarMo, opao until
»:9O o'clock. I*4l "'¦*-. op«a until 10 o'clock. 2361
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 </c!oofc. 1098
VaJraoa. open until • o'oioc*. 106 Eleventh, open until
9 o'clock. XW. corner Twenty-Beccnd and Kentucky,
opes until 9 o'cloct.
The determination of the silver leaders to hold a
so-called Silver Republican convention at Kansas
City at the same time with the Democratic convention
is certainly wise. The Bryanites may profess their
devotion to the silver cause, but they will bear a good
deal of watching.
. Senator Tillman on Friday referred to the recent
speech of Senator Foraker as a "bluff made on a
bob-tail flush," and it would seem the South Caro
lina man has dropped his pitchfork and taken to poker
as an. oratorical weapon. • ;
General Roberts may be resting at Bloemfontein
merely to rest his army, but the chances are he knows
fc« is up against the real thing and that the next step
is going to cost something.
The great need of Havana Is a modern
slaughtering plant, and plans have b«en
made for one to be built at the expense
of the city. •</ . '¦>'¦> ¦¦•: -
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
.LAND LEASE BILL— A. J. A. F., Cho
lame, Cal. Action on the grazing land
lease bill is still pending.
LARGE GAME— H. E. M.. Forestvllle,
Cal. There is still some large game in
Colorado in the region of the Colorado
River. - ¦ ¦ <¦ • .
IT WAS SCOVILLE— E. M. S.. City. It
was Sylvester Scoville, acorrespondentfor
the yellow journal, that struck at General
Shafter in Cuba.
PEACH COUNTIES — A. R. 5... City.
The principal peach growing counties In
California for fruit for the markets are:
Sacramento. Butte, Fresno, Santa Clura
and Sonoma.
NINETY-NINTH MERIDIAN— A. J. A.
F., Cholame. Cal. The nlnty-nlnth me
ridian passes through North and South
Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Indian Terri
tory and Texas.
EMPLOYMENT AGENCIES— M. H. H. .
Berkeley, Cal? Any dealer in law books or
the Secretary of State at Sacramento ran
furnish you a copy of the law in California
relative to employment agencies.
: "WORDS IN LANGUAGES-G. R., and
Anglo-Saxon, City. Approximately thera
are in the English ' language 220,000 words,
in the French, 52.000; In the German. 70,
000, and In the : Italian. 60,000. Any one
who doubts these - figures . can take ¦ tins
most complete dictionary of each of the
languages and count, the words, one by
one. This department has not the time to
devote to that purpose. .
COLORADO RIVER— H. E. M.. Forest
ville, CaL Navigation /on -the Colorado
River through the Grand Canyon Is ex-
tremely dangerous,* and Z the~ man who
would undertake to make the -. trip In a
thirty-foot boat would do so at the risk of
his life. An account of the Journey is de
scribed in Powell's exploration of th*
Colorado, and any one who reads that will
not feel like undertaking the trip.
d FOR RELIEF OF VOLUNTEERS—
Tommy Atkins, - City.^VA" number ' of bills
have been introduced during' the -present
session iof Congress relative to ' relief ; for
Trunks, valises, dress suit cases &nd
traveling rolls. Immense assortment of
best grades at Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Mar-
ket street. kv«. .-».-, •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per R> atTownsead's.*
Special Information supplied dally t»
business bouses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Forty-three Russian naval officers at
Sebastopol have been placed on trial for
corruption and bribery in connection with
purchase of supplies for the Black Sea
fleet.
The ; Russian torpedo-boat destroyer,
Som. built by Laird, made twenty-seven
knots over the measured mile course,
with all weights, ready for active service
and coal bunkers filled.
Vickers' Sons & Maxim, manufacturers
of armored plates, ordnance, etc., have
declared a yearly dividend of 20 per cent,
which Indicates a flourishing state of the
British manufacturers of naval supplies.
The German coast defense ship Sachsen
grounded at the Kiel lighthouse last
month and the armored ships Wurtem
berg and Algir went to her assistance.
After much pulling and not until nearly
all the guns had been transhipped^ from
the Sachsen was the ship floated. One
six-inch gun was lost .in the transfer and
lies buried fathoms deep in Kiel harbor.
The French naval scheme of 1896 pro
vided for 220 new vessels of all descrip
tions, Including six battleships of 12,000
tons, nine armored cruisers, eight pro
.tected cruisers of 4000 tons and three
cruisers of 2500 tons. The estimated cost
of this fleet was $104,354,000. but at the end
of 1899, while . only 79 vessels had ' been
completed Jor taken in hand, . the actual
expenditure of this fleet had exceeded the
estimates by $4,800,000.
The Japanese battleship Asah!, recently
completed at Elswick, had a narrow es
cape from destruction on March 2. . The
ship was lying at Portsmouth dockyard
taking on .board her battery, when a six
inch quick-flring gun, /weighing five tons,
fell from t the , derrick from a ; height jof
thirty feet, - barely missing the ship, and
dropped | into' the j water. Had the gun
fallen ' on the ship's deck it would have
gone clear through the bottom, sinking
and possibly permanently injuring, the
vessel. ¦ . *..v. ¦>
* Italy proposes to build during . the pres
ent year., four armored cruisers. Their
general dimensions have not been decided,
but with. commendable dispatch the ships
have; been named and it only requires
about $8,000,000 j and three years' time for
these vessels to materialize. The Geneva,
Pisa, Venezia and | Amalfl. :as they are
named, are to steam twenty-two knots, to
have batteries of eight ', eight-inch, eight
six-inch, twelve three-pounders and* six
torpedo tubes.." Their displacement,* horse
power and coal-carrying capacity are still
undetermined. .
Contract for the extension of the Hong
kong dockyard has been given to a Lon
don firm, the price being a little less than
$5,000,000,,, The new works will consist of a
tidal basin of eight and. one-quarter acres,
with over > 2000 • feet Inner and 1100 ,/ feet
outer berthing space, i There will also be a
drydock 600 feet in length by 120 feet' ln
width, ' and ' a boat basin with jetties , and
a° number ! of , large '.workshops for- engi
neering purposes and Included in the con
tract, '; which, it is : calculated,'.- will take
four and a half years to complete.
• The Italian •„ battleships Italia and Le
panto, built In 1880 and. 1883, respectively,
are being rejuvenated, receiving *s new
water- tube ~. boilers, : new ? armor; and new
batteries. :' England has recently, modern
ized - some'; of ¦. her : old ' Iron-clads at great
expense,' notably, the Hercules, built ; in
1868, < the Monarch .in 1866 and the Sultan
in 1870. These have/ of course, Iron hulls,
and the Sultan Is wood-sheathed and cop
pered. The cost ; of i, reconstructing , the
Monarch was .more " than $700,000, and for
the ; Sultan i nearly ' $1,000,000. v In view ; of
the fact that the first cost of the Monarch
was $1,857,075, and < that- of the Sultan $1,
873,875, 1 the ¦-• hulls -of c these ' ships l must be
NEW FEDERAL DEPARTMENTS.
WHILE little or nothing is seemingly being
done at Washington to promote the Western
movement for the creation of a Department of
Mines and Mining, to be presided over by a Secretary
of Cabinet rank, the Eastern project for. the estab
lishment of a Department of Commerce and Indus
tries appears to-be well advanced and may be at
tained before the close of this session.
The arguments in support of the Department of
Commerce are undoubtedly strong. It is said there
are now no less than twenty bureaus in the various
departments of the Government that hay? charge of
affairs relating either to manufactures or to commerce.
Of these ten are under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and the others are scattered among
the remaining departments. It would of course be
advisable to combine all of these bureaus under one
head, so that all of them could act together along
established lines of policy instead of being out of
touch with one another, as at present. ; ! ; v
Our exports have now become so enormous it is
time the Government should recognize the importance
of industry and commerce to the welfare of the peo
ple, and use its powers to promote them. Nearly
every great nation in Europe has such a department,
presided over by an officer "with a seat in the Minis;
try. ,As we have now become exporters of manu-*
factured goods* as. well as of raw materials, and need
foreign markets for our products, we shall have to
emulate European countries in : all that tends to ad
vance trade. The creation of a Department of Agri
culture has vastly benefited that industry, and it is
not to.be doubted that' equally good results will flow
from a Department of Commerce.
All of these arguments for the advancement of com
merce and manufactures can with equal if not greater
force be urged in favor of the creation of a Depart
ment of Mines and Mining. At the present time our
mineral affairs are managed or mismanaged by va
rious bureaus having no connection with one another,
and the result is confusion in many subjects that
should be free from any manner of doubt. The min
ing industry, moreover, is common to all sections of
the Union, and is one of, the most productive and
important of our interests. The bill for the estab
lishment of the Department of Commerce has been
favorably reported to the Senate, and it would seem
that the Department of Mines bill might be taken up
at the same time and the passage of both assured by
a co-operation of forces. ..
The Kentucky offer of $100,000 for evidence to con
vict the assassins of Goebel is very large indeed, but
the State seems to be getting the worth of its money,
for the evidence given thus far is sensational enough
to cost double the amount.
The appeal of the Transvaal Republic tp the nations
for intervention might as well be called back. Every
nation on earth has troubles of its own, and not one
of them is looking, around for a chance to" get into
other folks' troubles.
BUSINESS RATHER SLACK-
ALL trade reports continue to point to an enlarg
ing business throughout the country. The
bank clearings last week indicated a falling otf
of 14.9 per cent, and the failures were 192, against 182
during the same week last year.
There is a contradiction here. If business is in
creasing all over the country; if, as the weekly com
mercial reports assert, foreign exports from New
York are breaking all previous records, why should
the bank clearings, which are accepted as the only
correct barometer of trade, show a decrease from
week to week, with now and then an exception?
The fact is business is not increasing. What it trny
do later on is another thing. Prospects for a good
spring and summer trade are satisfactory, and as
money is comparatively easy and abundant there are
no reasons why these prospects should not be real
ized- But as long as the six or seven principal cities
of the country, from New York and Chicago down to
Baltimore, show a loss in current trade, it is evident
that spot business at the great centers is not what it
•was a year ago. It would be singular if it were, for
the rush last year was unprecedented.
Some weeks ago it was pointed out that trade con
ditions were irregular, and this condition prevails to
day. Some lines are doing better and others worse.
Thus wool shows rather more tone, but wheat and
corn are lower. Leather is reported in rather better
demand, but hides are depressed and declining. Some
kinds of iron are meeting with more inquiry, while
others are dull and weak. Provisions are advancing
under increasing activity, which is a very good sign,
as brisk times are apt to follow a rise in provisions,
and vice versa. Crop prospects are reported brilliant
except in the central West, where cold weather has
done considerable damage to the. growing wheat. .
Wall street reflects the general unsettled condition
of trade. The public, which has been looking cross
eyed at the market for months, has regained confi
dence, and bought more freely last week than for a
long time. Great interests, too, seized the opportu
nity presented by the new currency bill to further
their stocks, and London appeared as a free pur
chaser. Continued good railway earnings helped
things along, and thus Wall street exhibited more
tone las* week than for some little time. The Pacific
Coast is much more even than the other parts of the
country. Here trade is running along without a
break, except in those lines directly affected by the
Eastern markets such as provisions, wool, hides, etc.
Seldom do the weekly bank clearings fall below those
of last year, and the failures are few. As for the crop
prospects, they are more than flattering. The har
vests this year will be immense unless some unex
pected setback occurs. There is some talk of a light
yield of peaches in <ome localities, but otherwise all
reports from the fruit districts point to large crops.
As for hay and grain, the problem this year is not
how to raise them, but how to get the most money
cut of them. The mining interests have been favored
with sufficient water, and are rapidly making up for
the losses in the .dry years. He is a hard man to
please who is not satisfied with the present outlook'
in California.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. F. Wood, a Stockton merchant, is at
the California.
W. H. Chestnutwood of Stockton is a
guest at the Grand.
Sir Henry Lynch Blosse of Mayo, Ire
land, is at the Palace.
. "W. H. Mead, a railroad man of Port
land. Or., is at the Occidental.
Carl Dobbelsteln, a mining man of Still
water. Cal., is a guest at the Palace.
T. D. Drew arid William H. Porter are
registered at the Grand from Alaska.
, H. C. Denson, who is connected with
the United States geodetic survey at
Washington. D. C, Is at the California.
He will shortly proceed to Alaska on of
ficial business.
in a' remarkably good state of preserva
tion, although they are more than thirty
years old. That modern steel ships are
good for at least fifty years, if properly
cared for, would seem to be a reasonable
estimate of longevity and their usefulness
is likely to cease long before the metal
is worn out.
MEN FROM THE McCULLOCH DESTROYING GUNS AT CORREGIDOR.
EDITOR of the Call, Dear Sir: Referring to the letter of
Captain Joseph B. Coghlan, U. S. N.. which appeared In
The Call March 19. in which h» endeavors to show that
the U. 8. S. Raleigh was the first ship to fire on the
Spanish battery located at El Fraile on the morning of
May 1, 1898, as the United States fleet steamed into Ma
nila Bay. and while not wishing: to enter into a controversy
with Captain Coffhlan, for whom we all have the greatAt es
teem and respect, I deem it but Justice to the McCulloch to sub
mit the following: facts.
It is a matter of historical record that the gases in the
smoke pipe of the McCulloch ignited, causing a red flame
to extend several feet above the top of the pipe, and in so do
ing disclosed her position to the enemy. Is it not natural to
suppose that under the circumstances she was the object to
draw their fire, and is it not natural to infer that if fired upon
she would be the first to return it? Referring to the report of
Admiral Dewey to the Secretary of the Navy, he says: "After
half the" squadron had 'passed," a battery on the south side of
the channel opened fire, none of the shots taking effect. The
Boston and McCulloch returned the fire."
It will be noticed that the Raleigh is not mentioned, and if
she fired, as Captain Coghlan has asserted, she was so far
away from the rest of the fleet that the report of the gun was
not heard on the flagship." Referring also to the official report
of Captain Ch. V. Gridley, U. S. N., to Admiral Dewey, in which
he says, "After this ship (U. S. S. Olympia) had passed in the
MANUFACTURERS AND THE SHIP
PING BILL.
'lIIIJOR a good many years the manufacturers of
I . the United States were indifferent if not
* antagonistic to shipping interests. Content
with the home market, whose rapidly increasing
demand it seemed they never .would be able to
fully supply, they looked upon foreign commerce
as something which was more or less hostile
to themselves. Ocean ships brought foreign goods
into the country , and took out in return large
quantities of raw material which, the manufacturers
thought should be worked up at home. Consequently
when' they entered upon the campaign of education
in favor of the protective policy they neglected to
include in its scope a system of protection to the
shipping interests of the country.
The recent expansion of our industries has in
creased the output of manufactured goods beyond the
home demand, and we are now shipping such goods
in vast quantities to all parts of the world. The goods,
however, have to be shipped mainly in foreign ves
sels, for we have not a merchant marine equal to our
needs. Our manufacturers and our merchants are
therefore at the mercy of foreign shipowners, and we
lose a good deal of trade that would be ours if we had
as large a merchant fleet as our export industries call
for. Such being the case, the manufacturers are no
longer indifferent on the subject of protection to
American shipping, but are now among the most ear
nest and vigorous workers for it.
A committee of the National Association of Manu
facturers has recently submitted to that, body a report
on the merchant marine bill now before Congress,
and in* doing so has presented one of the strongest
arguments yet made on the issue. The committee
quotes and indorses the statement of Senator Frye:
"It is my opinion that the immediate effect of the
passage of this bill will be to insure, within five years,
the construction of approximately half a million tons
of new ships in American shipyards; to increase the
efficiency of our shipping in the foreign trade at least
threefold in "that time; to largely and permanently
reduce rates of ocean transportation; to thus increase
our export trade; to eventually bring the cost of con
structing ships as low in the United States as it is
elsewhere; to place at all times at the immediate com
mand of the Government effective ships and trained
men; to have our mails carried free, and to gradually
— and I hope rapidly — to put an end to our present
payment of $175,000,000 a year to the foreign shipping
how doing our foreign carrying."
Furthermore the committee adds:
"It is self-evident that American ships can only se
cure cargoes by meeting the rates of their competitors
who now enjoy the trade; thus a competition must
arise, which will insure to American exporters excep
tional 1 opportunities to increase their foreign trade by
reason of reduced rates of transportation which will
follow. Foreign Governments at the present time pay
annually to their merchant ships in subsidies, mail
pay, bounties and other aids " more than j $26,000,000.
During the past fifty years Great Britain has paid to
British ships for 'mail pay,' or subsidies, over $250,
000,000. At the present time vessels are built abroad
more ¦ cheaply, than in - the United States. They are
operated unde^ the flags of other nations for less
money than under the American flag. The compensa
tion provided in the bill will barely equalize these ad
vantages possessed by foreign over American ships."
It is to be borne in mind that the upbuilding of our
merchant marine will benefit not the manufacturers
only, but the farmers of the country, for the products
of the farms continue to be in need of foreign mar
kets. In fact, there is no great interest of the people
that will not be benefited by it. The products of. our
industries arc increasing rapidly/ and we must have
ships to carry them to the markets of every portion
of the globe.
Says tbe Man That "Hoch-ctf der Kaiser" Is MistaKen Wben He Says
tl)e Raleigb Fired the First Sftot ip the Battle
of Manila Bay.
current eventt. So strange and marrelcrui are many
of them that .Tennyson aptly spoke of them as "the
fairy, tales of 'science." In the series of pipers , on
"Recent Scientific Discoveries" now running in the
Home Study Circle of The Call some of the most im
portant of these marvels are being described, together
with the appliances by which many of them are made
serviceable to civilization. From their novelty as well
as from their vast importance to' the people these
studies may be rightly termed a part of the news of
the day, having a permanent interest to air who watch
the progress of the world with an intelligent apprecia
tion of what is being done that will be of lasting
benefit. ¦
The series of. studies on this subject have been pre
pared under the direction, of Professor William J.
Hopkins of Drexel Institute of Philadelphia, and in
clude papers on Wireless Telegraphy, High Speed
Telegraph Systems, Photography in Colors, 'Liquid
Air, Dark Lightning,' Moving Pictures, Process En
graving,. Submarine Boats and The New Gases.
These • papers are to *be . published every Tuesday
until the series is complete. Those that have already
appeared have attracted i the attention of thoughtful
readers and been accounted one of the most interest
ing of the spring term of ; Home Circle Studies. Nor
can it be doubted that their instructive value is great
and that they have had the effect of turning the minds
of many persons to a more serious consideration of
scientific subjects than they had hitherto given.
CHIEF ENGINEER CHALKER
TAKES ISSUE WITH COGHLAN
THE SAN FBANOISCO OAlilj, MOin>AY; MARCH 26, 1900.
ATTENTION, REPUBLICANS.
U! NDER the call for the convention of Repub
lican League clubs at Los Angeles it is pro
-'''vided that "each Republican club in California,
including those of the American Republican College
League, shall be entitled to one delegate at large and
one delegate additional for every twenty-five members
upon its rolls. Organizations of Republican veterans
are especially invited to participate. No club shall be
entitled to representation in the State League con
vention unless it has been organized and in existence
at least ten days prior to the date of the convention.
No person shall be counted for representation in more
than one club. All delegates shall file with the sec
retary of the convention certificates of election signed
by the president and secretary of their club."
The attention of Republicans in districts where no
club exists is directed particularly to the provision
that no club shall be entitled to representation in the
convention unless it has been organized and in exist
ence at least ten days before the date when the con
vention meets. As the convention is to assemble, on
April 27, it will be seen that while there is ample tim-i
for the organization of clubs if prompt action bi
taken, there is no time to spare. Therefore Repub
licans who desire such representation should set about
th« work of club organization at once.*
Another clause of the call which must not be; over
looked is the provision that "each club shall furnish
the secretary of the State League a statement on or
before April 20, 1900, attested by the club secretary,
giving the name of the club and its officers, the names
and addresses of delegates and alternates elected and
also the number of members on the roll of the club."
The work of the convention will be of considerable
Importance to the party and to the campaign. The
clubs represent no faction of the party, nor are they
organized to advance the interests of any candidate
for any office. Their work is that of preparing the
rank and file of the party for a vigorous and loyal
support of Republican principles and policies and
Republican candidates for all offices at stake in the
elections. It is therefore a work in which Repub
licans can harmoniously engage, whatever may be
thetr differences of opinion on minor matters or on
the relative merits of aspirants for Republican nomi
nations.
It is desired that the convention shall be thoroughly
representative not only of the State as a whole, but
of every county and district in it. To attain that ob
ject there mast, of course, be club organizations every-:
where, and consequently the formation of such clubs
is now the work of most pressing urgency upon Re
publican leaders. The one danger that menaces the
party in the coming campaign is that overconfidence
in Republican success may lead to indifference and
apathy in the work which will be required to achieve
victory- Against that danger the local leaders and
workers of the party must guard, and there is no bet
ter way of doing it than that of club organizations.
If there be a strotjg club at work in every voting pre
cinct it will be safe to count California in the Repub
lican column as a foregone conclusion. *
4Lithographers' Outing.
The fifth annual picnic of the San Fran
cisco Lithographers S. A. No. 17, Inter
national Protective and Beneficial Asso
ciation of the United States and Canada,
was held yesterday at Shell Mound Park.
Tho attendance was very large, over 1400
being present. Dancing was the princi
pal feature of the occasion. The affair
was under the direction of the following
officers and committees: President, Louis
Traung; vice president, Charles . Cupp;
recording secretary, Charles M. Krieger;
financial secretary,' Gustav Soderwsri;
treasurer, R. Huber; inspector, Charles
Kaiser: Inside sentinel. F. Schmidt; out
side sentinel, J. J. McCormlck.
Picnic committee— Charles Kaiser, Axel
Soderwal, E. Isaacs, George Slmonson.
William Bergk.L. Traung and David
Powers.
AMUSEMENTS.
H. ITATIONAI, XOMT2TATINQ
MACHINERY.
(Concluded.)
BY JESSE MACT, Ll*. D.
The Democrats held a national conven
tion-In May. 1832, also In Baltimore, and
in similar fashion selected candidates. The
proposition for this convention originated
in New Hampshire, and the object of
those issuing the call was declared to be
"to concentrate the opinion of all the
States." "They believed • • • that the
people would be disposed, after seeing the
good effects of this convention in concil
iating the different and distant sections of
the country, to continue this mode of
nomination.
The national convention did. indeed, be
come from this date a permanent part of
the great "machine" of American party
organization, but there were at first some
lapses and Irregularities. The Democratic
party held diverse views as to the wisdom
of calling a convention before the election
in 1836. It was understood that President
Jackson was determined to manipulate
the convention, if one were called, in the
interest of Van Buren— the adroit politi
cian who had been the successful "man
ager" of Jackson's political canvasses.
Some of the State Legislatures thereupon
proceeded to nominate a President of their
own choice. The convention was held nev.
ertheless. but nearly half of all the dele
gates present were from the two States of
FRENCH HOSPITAL SOCIETY
HOLDS ITS ANNUAL MEETING
Hospital Ladies Grateful.
The ladles of the Saturday and Sunday
Hospital Association wish toiexpress their
thanks to those who assisted them ao ma
terially In tho work of th« Children* Ho«- ;
pital by •ithtr actual bolp or flnwffl •*•
sUtaaca,
THE NATIONAL NOMINATING CONVENTION.
(Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton.
Dr. Weil to Visit Europe.
. Dr. Conrad "Well, ex-pollc© surgeon.' will =•
leave this week for Paris, -where he will
attend the International Medical Con
gress, which Is to convene In the near fu
tue.~ He Intends to visit the main clinics
and hospitals in France, England and
Switzerland. He will be gone about a
year.
6 QUART BOTTLES. $4.80.
Express charges prepaid.
Highest prade for Medicinal or Family tise.
We grlve you the benefit of the middlemen's
' profit, besides you are guaranteed tho cer-
tainty of
PURE WHISKEY.
Nothing on ca»e to Indicate contents.
i Money refunded If not satisfactory,
i Reference, any business firm and commercial
agencies.
f. EPHRAim «fc GO..
DlslUers' Agents,
18 Montgomery street, Ean Francisco, Cal.
C7Twlc« the price could buy no better.
AMUSEMENTS.
ANOTHER BIG VAUDEVILLE TBIOMPfI.
CHARLES" SWEET.
KENO. WELCH and MELItOSE;
A. U GUILLE; LONEY HASKELU
THE MISSES McCOY and SAM MARION;
W. C. FIELDS: NEILSON SISTERS; WES-
TON and TOST.
WALTER JONES and NORMA WHALLEY.
neeerved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c: Opera
Chain and Box Seats, SOc
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
CHUTES_AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The 3 Celebrated
CHERRY SISTERS
AXD
THE KRAMERS: ROMALO BROTHERS;
BOOGS and HABWARD; LILLIAN HOWE:
MARION BLAKE; LEW THOM; CONLON
and RYDER.
iHOOT MON and th» AMATECR5.....:.....*
Thursday Night
CAKE WALK..... Saturday Xl* hi
Seats by Phone— Park 13.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
MARCH M to APRIL 7, INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racine Monday, .Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. -
Ferry-boats leave Ean Francisco at U m. and
12:30, 1. 1:20, 2, 2:30 and I p. m., connecting
with trains stopplnr at the entrance .to the
track. Last two cam on train reserved for la-
dies and their escorts; no smoking. ¦ Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All- trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and ' Broadway, Oak-
land. . Also all trains ¦ via Alameda - mole - con-
nect with San Pablo arenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric can
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race. :
THOMAS n. WILLIAMS JR.. President. -¦ j
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. J
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
Nome, St. Michael, Dawsori
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT: ;
FBOM BAN FRANCIBOO ..«. 8. ••PORTtANiy.. April M. 1W»
FROM SEATTLE .......;.................. .8. «• ••D0RA".........AprU 30, MOt
?.OM BAN FRANCISCO .'....«: ............8. B. "BAUUER" .May lft. UU
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO ...:„.....::...»..& S. '•ST. PATJU" May *U
; A Steamer Will. Be Dispatched Eiery Fortnight Thereafter. -
¦ * - - . - -
For Juneau, Sitka, Prince William Sound; Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM 8EATTL8......... ...........?.......:....... i.^.B. 5 8. * "BERTHA," commtada* April Stk
AND MONTHLT THEREAJTEB. H&Biflt9fl
For b*w folders, map. and further particular, aa to trdcltt and passage, apply to AZ*AS>
EA COMMERCIAi. COMPANY, tlO SaMom* .Uwat. Saa Francises. OU.
For SaatU. mUlss> appjjr to CAFT. JAS. CARROU* Xtttukt US* BulMlas, f««tU«,Wuk.
.:.':.. \ v ¦ ¦ •¦ - ¦ '¦; ¦•-¦ ¦?"¦;¦¦ "¦¦¦;.,•''¦ '¦ " ¦ v -¦ ¦¦¦ :-\^ ¦'¦-•-. ;¦ ¦?¦ ¦¦
Vivekananda Lectures.
Swaml Vlvekananda lectured yesterday
afternoon at Union Square Hall, 421 Post
street.' His subject was "Khrisna and His
Message." The speaker detailed the in
teresting characteristics of the Arabian
prophet, and spoke of the salient features
of nis religion. "- Hugo Hertzer rendered
the offertory. A large crowd was present.
New finishes In oak moldings for picture
frames, and new pictures In water colors,
platinotypes, photographs end etchings.
Visitors always welcome. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Attorney General Going East.
Attorney General ' Tirey L. v Ford and
Deputy Attorney General William M. Ab
bott leave for Washington this morning
to argue there before the Supreme Court
of the United States the case of C. W.
Smith as receiver for the Atlantic and
Pacific Railroad Company vs. Truman
Reeves as State Treasurer of California.
The history of. this case presents another
example of the persistent tax shirker. If
the State be successful in this suit, and
Attorney General Ford Is very sanguine
that It will be, It will mean the payment
by the railroad company of all the back
taxes since the year 1593. .
Ladles' fine kid shoes worth $2 50 for $1
a pair at sale of shoes. 717 Market street. •
Anyvo Theatrical Cold Cream prevents
early wrinkles. Sold, by all druggists. •
DRAMATIC NOTES
AND MUSIC NEWS
WILLIE COLLIER will open at the
Columbia to-night in his own
play. "Mr Smooth." It Is a" mat
ter of history that he took the
town with "The Man From Mexico," and
it is not improbable that he will repeat
the performance with his new play.
Burr Mclntosh and the capable com
pany now at the California will continue
in "Pudd'nhead Wilson" for. the present
week with a recess to-night, when Pader
ewski's first concert is to take place. The
next attraction at the California is "On
the Suwanee River," commencing next
Sunday afternoon. -r.* »- --
At the Alcazar to-night "Aunt Jack,"
a Palmer success, will be given. "Quo
Vadis" is In preparation.
"Manila Bound" will receive Its long de
layed presentation at the Tlvoll to-night.
It is a musical extravaganza abundantly
supplied with specialties, for which elab
orate preparations have been made.
"El Capitan," the most successful opera
in the repertoire of the Grand Opera
house company, will be revived this week.
Charles Sweet, the tramp pianist: A. L.
Guille. operatic tenor; Keno, Welch and
Metros*, acrobatic comedians, and Loney
Haskell, author, comedian and character
artist, are the new items on the Orpheum
bill of fare this week. Jones and Whal
ley and others are among the hold-overs,
Alice Raymond, the cornetist, and "The
Lady in the Velvet Mask" are the chief
attractions at the Olympla,
At Fischer's Concert House the Hln
rlch's orchestra and Italian opera artists.
Fourth act of "Trovatore" this week.
Tho first concert of Paderewski will take
place at the California Theater at 8:15
/Ahis evening. There will be concerts on
Wednesday and Saturday afternoons and
Monday afternoon next. The programme
for to-night is as follows:
Etudes Symphoniques, opus 13 (Schumann);
sonata, op. 31, No. 3. E flat major (Beethoven),
allegro, scheno, ; menuetto. presto : con - firoco;
serenade. "•Hajk! Hark! the Lark!" "Brl
King" (Schubert-LSszt); ballade, A flat, op. 47;
Nocturne, D flat. op. 27. No. 2; Etude, A minor,
op. 25. No. 11; Valse, op.-42 (Chopin); Menuet,
A major (Paderewski), published by G. Bchlr
mer. New York; Valse, "Man lebt nur einmal"
(Strauss-Tauslg) ; Rhapsodle hongTOlse, No. (
(Liszt.) uaaga^OTiags
BROADHURST
COMPLIMENTS
THE ORPHEUM
ONE of the neatest compliments ever
extended to a San Francisco play
house has been given to the Or
pheum. George H.Broadhurst, the
well-known author of popular farces, and
In consequence a competent Judge of good
things In the theatrical line, has thrown
a bouquet at the Orpheum which the man
agement considers one of t*.e greatest in
dorsements of Its efforts that has ever
been extended. This is what Mr. Broad
hurst writes:
BOHEMIAN CLUB, SAN FRANCISCO.
March 23. 1900.
My Dear Mr. Morrlsey: L«t me congratulate
you on having 1 one of the best bills I have ever
seen. Slncerely.^^ h _ broadhurst ;
Mr. Broadhurst has visited nearly every
play liouse in the country, witnessing
nearly every good thing that has appeared
on the boards, and for that reason his
opinion and compliment are all the more
valuable.
NAPA SODA WATER.
Important Legal Decision — Trade
Hark Sustained.
For some time past several parties have
been selling water in this market as Napa
Soda,' which waters do not come from
"Napa Soda Springs," . which are the
original fountains "of the genuine "Napa
Soda." : Under these circumstances Col
onel Jackson has brought suit to . enjoin
one of these parties, who, under the cor
porate" name of "Phillips Napa County
Soda Company," has been selling water
as . "Napa ¦ Soda,'.' which does ' not . come
from his springs, and the following de
cision has just beer! rendered in the case
by.- Judge Hebbard, after an exhaustive
trial running through some weeks: ,
In- the Superior Court of the City and
County of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia, Department Four— J. C. B. Heb
- bard, Judge.
John P. Jackson vs. Phillips Napa County
. Soda Company (a corporation) and 3.
" A. Phillips.
OPINION.
Plaintiff Is the owner of certain mineral
springs in Napa County, California. Ho
has on file in the office of the -Secretary
of State ' his claim to the words, "Jack
son's Napa Soda Springs," as applied to
the property, and the words, "Napa Soda"
as applie- to the waters thereof.
" These words plaintiff . has had for many
years imprinted upon.* the bottles and
boxes used in his business. He claims
that he has a right to the exclusive use
of ? these. words as trade marks or trade
names.
Defendants have, since the adoption by
plaintiff of said names, been selling min
eral yater under the name of "Phillips
Napa County Soda" and "Walters Napa
County Soda," and have had said names
Imprinted upon the bottles and boxes used
in their business, such bottles and boxes
being ¦of similar size and character aa
plaintiff's. "
Defendants have also sold their product
as "Napa Soda."
" Plaintiff claims that the use iot said
words by defendants constitutes an in
fringement of his trade mark and has In
jured him in his business. He therefore
asks for an Injunction. No certain
amount of damages,, if any. were proven
on the trial, and . plaintiff in his closing
brief waives claim thereto.
Defendants' principal defense Is that the
word "Napa" Is a geographical name and
cannot be made the subject of* a trade
mark. • .
It seems unnecessary to' discuss the
many cases, . some of them conflicting,
wherein Is decided the questions whether
or not a geographical name may be made
the : subject of a trade . mark . at all. or
whether or not a geographical name may
acquire a "secondary. meaning." so as to
become entitled to protection as a trade
.mark,' because : the evidence in this case
shows the "adoption of the name for the
Springs and for the waters before there
was ' such a subdivision '* of the State as
Napa County, or before the name "Napa"
came into our geography. *
It appears that prior to the admission of
California Into the Union as a State there
was a tribe of Indians living 1 in the neigh
borhood .of what : is now : Napa County,
who ' were ; known , as the Napa Indians.
These Indians were the . first patrons of
these springs. ; camping In their vicinity
and drinking the waters, and the springs
were ¦: then called "Napa Soda! Springs,"
after that tribe. :' '
Whoever .first ; appropriated - these
springs as private - property - does r not
plainly ; appear, but ."it is known ;: that ¦in
1855 one J. H. Wood was the owner of. and
in possession of said springs, bottling and
selling: its -waters, then and ever-slnce
known' as "Napa : Soda." and that -^th©
title -. thereto. ; together with the right • to
use" the -. name . of "Napa v Soda".; came to
plaintiff ,by irrant,; bargain,- sale and con
veyance in ' 1872/ an d: ever since has been
and. is. now his rtrnprrtT • VpnTrnn' l 'fcl7ilW m
This brief- history ;of the , case Is suffi
cient to show appropriation of the names
."Napa ; Soda Springs"-; and ; "Napa ; Soda"
prior to their, adoption by any other per
son and prior even ; to the adoption of
the • name i"Napa"- ? by. the State for one
of its counties. > . \, ' _
- The following are a few of the many au
thorities which support plaintiff In his ap
plication for an Injunction under the cir
cumstances Of this case: - ..-¦¦ £>• »sjcsb.<V*3SS
;• Brown on.trade marks, p/193.197, 207. •
I Congress and Empire . SDiings Company
vs. Hipta Rock Congress Spring Company,
57 Barb. 526. ¦- -^V^ '.- , v;:-'. ...; •-. .
La/ sßpmibUe -Francaise et "' -al. vs.
Schultz. 67 Fed.-Reptr., p. 87.
¦ "Wheeler. vs.- Johnson. I* . R/ S Ir.' 284.
Newman '.vs.. Alvord. 49 Barb. s<!B.
,- ': The »"Glenfleld : Starch", ras* — "Woother-
Gpoon vs.;Currle,«Li.'R. 5,H.-Li.'sOB. ¦-
Defendant • may • not s use the words
'.'Napa * Soda" or "Napa * Soda. Springs."
whether, the name be, used alone or In ar
ranpement with any. other words, as ap
plied >to \ the ; manufacture or ; sals of any
mineral! water. i.-.- - : - ---;>¦
mliit an lniunctfon Issue to this effect and
let plaintiff have Judgment i for: hit i eoita.
FIRST GREAT SEAL. OF THE UNITED STATE 3.
(In use since 1752.)
Virginia and Maryland, while Tennessee,
having appointed no delegates, was repre
sented by a single Tennesseean, who
chanced to be in Baltimore at the time
and took upon himself the responsibility
of casting the vote for his State. The del
egation from each State, whatever its
number, cast that number of votes to
which its State was entitled in the Elec
toral College. Van Buren and Johnson
were nominated. «
No convention was held by the Whig
party in 1536, but several nominations were
Irregularly made by conventions In States,
by Legislatures or by Legislative cau
cuses. From that time to the present na
tional conventions have been regularly
held by both the great parties.
Development of the Convention.
The Democratic party has had a longer
and more consistent party history than
any other similar organization, and was
the first to provide itself with, a complete
ly organized and efficient party "ma
chine." All the early conventions, as well
as many of the' more recent ones, 4 have
contributed something to the final settle
ment of vexed questions at rules and
methods, and are all worthy of careful
study.
The national convention of the anti-Ma
sons in 1830 had little political significance,
but is Important as the first and as con
tributing to conventioofjerganizatlon the
suggestion that each Suße should send as
many delegates as it had electoral votes.
It was called by a small number of dele
gates, representing ten States, and Its
members were appointed mainly by State
conventions. -,
The national convention of the Na
tional Republicans held In 1831 was called
by the party members of the Maryland
Legislature, the call being addressed to
"those who deprecate the election of An
drew Jackson." The States were asked
to send delegates equal In number to their
Presidential electors. The delegates were
variously chosen; in one State by legis
lative " caucus, In four by State conven
tions, in eight by Congressional districts.
As the role of delegates was called every
man of them, one after another, rose to
his feet and gave the name of Henry Clay
as his candidate.
What is called our third national con
vention was a gathering of young men
which met In May, 1532, in the Interest of
Clay's , candidacy. It might perhaps be
more properly called a ratification meet-
Ing,' but It is made Important In the his
tory of • convention development by the
fact that it adopted a series of resolutions,
"constituting." as Mr. Bryce has said,
"the first political platform ever put forth
by a nominating body." •
Later in the same month a national con
vention of the Democratic party" met In
Baltimore and effected a more complete
organization than had any preceding con
vention. The campaign which followed
resulted in the re-election of Jackson.
National Convention Bales.
The history of national conventions Is
henceforth largely a history of their rules
of procedure. These have been adopted
from time to time as the necessity has
arisen, and will be found to vary in "the
two great parties in accordance -with the
fundamental principles which have divid
ed Federalists and Anti-Federalist*. Fed
eralists and Republicans. National Repub
licans and Democratic Republicans,
Whigs and Democrats, and, finally. Re
publicans and Democrats, from the begin
ning of our national history. Upon the
one side Is a jealous fear of encroachment
upon the rights of separate. States; upon
the other a disposition to strengthen the
powers of the Federal Government. Mul
titudes of other questions have at differ
ent times entered Into the contests be
tween the parties and the wrangles be
tween factions within the parties, and on a
few" occasions in our. history the great
jrulf fixed between the parties had seemed
for the time being to be obliterated, but
only to reappear as the shifting of minor
problems clears the vision. It is this one
basal question which has persisted from
the days of -the constitutional debate in
1787-89 obscured now and again, only to
return in its full decisive force. Mr.
Bryce has pointed out a second principle
of opposition between the parties which
he regards as deeper and more pervasive
than- any other. It Is that between two
tendenices— "the love of liberty and the
love of order." the Democratic party
standing for the first: the Federalist, the
Whig ¦ and the Republican party for the
°Tt°is to' the Democratic convention that
we must look for the most complete and
characteristic development. Jt has had
a continuous history of sixty-seven years,
while the Whig convention was only
achieving a satisfactory organization
when the party came to an end, and the
Republican ¦ party, which succeeded in
1556 has /had a less uniform and less
striking party history, as .well as more
brief, than has had its opponent. . TgUffit
Choice of Delegates and Their Number
Various' lrregularities In respect to the
choice of delegates . and their admission
to the convention prevailed in ' both par
ties ' for - several - years. ¦ The •"Whits fa
vored in general ,the choosinjc . off dele
gates by = the Congressional districts, "as
being • most democratic - and best calcu
lated to brine • out -'¦ the . real sentiments
of the people." (Niles' Register.) The
Republican • convention =of IS92* passed a
rule obliging every State to so elect Its
delegates. . With the Democratic : party
the State convention has been more popu
lar ¦as ,the organ for. choosing delegates
and is still. in use in some of the States,
the party tendency, to exalt the State in
fluencing • action • here <as elsewhere. \_But
the | Congressional | district convention has
been ' most i widely adapted > for • choosing
the two • delegates to which, the ; district
is itself entitled, while the mat* conven
tion elects * only • the four ¦ "dtltpatt* at
large" - tor . th« - whoU State. Tn* nuaa-
tional Institution is shown by their re
peated discussions as to the expediency j
of holding such a convention even as lata
as 13U.
The Unit Bule.
The first Democratic convention adopt
ed a rule which, though somewhat vague,
has been- understood to give to the ma
jority of the delegation from any Stata
the right to cast the vote of the State.
This disregards the wishes of the minor
ity in any particular State and at the
same time makes It possible for candi
dates to be nominated who are approved
by a minority only of the party voters of,
the country. But as tending to exalt tha
rights of the State as such, the unit rule
has been much favored by Democratic
State conventions, which have often In
structed their delegates to national con
ventions to vote as a unit. Under some
circumstances the national convention
permits individual voting, but never over
tides State Instructions.
The Whig convention of 18S9 adopted a
cumbrous form of unit rule, but It never
became a part of the regular Whig pro
cedure-
In Republican national conventions tha
unit rule never gained a foothold, though
efforts have been made to impose It upon
the party. In ISSO a rule was adopted
which has since been in force. It requires
that In case any delegate objects to the
announcement made by the chairman o£
his delegation, "the president of the con
vention shall direct the roll of
of such delegation to be called and tha
result recorded In accordance with tha
votes individually given."
The Platform.
In the national convention of the* pres
ent the "platform" occupies a conspicu
ous place. It also has a history and &
growth along with the development of tha
convention Itself, and especially In con
nection with the growth of the idea of tha
authority of the convention. Three Ideas
are now seen to enter necessarily Into a.
political platform. There is first a state
meet of the general fundamental princi
ples for which the party stands. These
having been once formulated, and as not
changing' from year to year, may b»*
merely referred to or assumed In subse
quent documents. Secondly, there is a
conscious effort to set forth a specific
policy to be pursued under existing cir
cumstances and conditions. And, third,
the platform carries with It a pledge,
stated or implied, that the party will be>
true to its historic principles and will
carry out the policy outlined. A modern
platform does not appear in convention
history until 1340, and its development will
be traced in connection with our further
study of party history. Before that time
there were, indeed, many lons popular
addresses put forth by local meetings con
taining statements of party principles;
many criticisms upon administrative acts.
upon- personal' qualities and conduct;
much expressed admiration or reproba
tion of men and things: but nothing
earlier than IS4O will be found to contain
the three elements now deemed essential.
The document which Mr. Bryce calls our
"first political platform" sets forth a spe
cific policy advocated by the national Re
publicans as demanded by the time and
the circumstances, but neither formulates
nor Implies the party's basal principles
nor offers any pledges to the people.
The Convention Established.
Until the national nominating con
vention had become a self-perpetuaang
body it could not be regarded as an es
tablished institution— a permanent party
organ. This completion of national party
organization may be conveniently associ
ated with the year 1532. when the Whij?
convention appointed a national central
committee . with power to call the next
national convention. Similar action had
been previously taken by the Democrats.
For nearly half a century no significant
alteration in the procedure of national
nominating conventions appears. -Con
stant criticism has followed the conven
tion and Its rales of action, as It followed
the Congressional caucus, but no system
at all likely to b* successful against It has
yet been proposed.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Spring Term, 1900.
Mondays — American Political Par
tie*. "3RM ;'¦;/--.,
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons in
French Conversation and Recent Sci
entific Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursdays —
Golden Ages of literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
'• - Saturdays — • Bio graphical Studies
for Girls.
These courses will continue until
held at their close as a basis for tha
granting • of I certificates.
7 o'clock the ceased and the
count, which was completed at 9 o'clock,
resulted as follows:
Administration Committee — J. M. Dupas,
J. St. Denis. T. Lacoste. E. Thiele, P.
Cames, R. Lavlgne, J. Desbarats, P. Ber
ges, I». B. Perramont, J. Gerhardt, A.
Jacquemart, E. Remond, J. Bergez, J.
Lambla and R. Chartrey.
Visiting hospital physician. Dr. de Chant
reau; visiting physicians to the homes of
members. Dr. J. Masson and Dr. F. R.
Orella.
The directors elected will meet next
Wednesday night at 318 Post street to elect
officers. It is regarded as certain that J.
M. Dupas will be chosen president and J.
Bergez and P. Cames vice presidents.
Though some opposition has developed to
the candidacy of Dr. Talt as chief sur
geon, his election is conceded. Dr. Mayer,
who was deposed, will In all likelihood be
offered the position of gynecologist.
It was decided to establish a school for
male nurses, there being already one for
female nurses. Two years was designated
as the length of service before diplomas
will be issued, though this may later be
increased to three years.
Resolutions in connection with the Saba.
tie bequest of $102,000 were unanimously
adopted, and provide for the nlacinsr of
a memorial tablet on M. Sabatle'a crave
in Bordeaux, France, the erection or a
bronze. bust in the vestibule of the hos
pital, the reservation of two pages on the
"Gold Book" of the Institution to the
memory of the generous donor and the
naming after him of a wing in the hos
pital.
J. P. Menciet, the only surviving mem
ber of the first six who founded the so
ciety, in 1853, was restored to membership
at his request. Menciet lost an arm while
firing off a cannon at the dedication of the
old- hospital, on Bryant street, in 1858.
He left this city twenty-six years. ago for
France, .but comes back to again make
this city his home.
A vote of.-4hanks was extended to Presi
dent Arthur Legallet for his, past services
and for his offer to journey to France to
lay the Sabatle memorial tablet, in com
pany with several other past presidents.
SCENES AND INCIDENTS DURING THE ELECTION.
CONTRARY to general expectations,
the annual meeting and election of
the French Mutual Benevolent' S
ociety yesterday at Native Sons'
Hall was extraordinarily quiet and
the proceedings were not marred
by a single unpleasant incident. Six hun
dred and thirty-three members cast their
ballots for fifteen directors and three
physicians to administer the affairs of
the hospital during the ensuing year.
Thirty-one ballots were rejected for be
ing Improperly marked.
The names of twenty-four members,
candidates for election to the administra
tion committee, had been printed on the
ballots and the members were cautioned
to cancel the names of nine. There was
no opposition to the election of Dr. de
Chantreau as visiting hospital physician
and Drs. J. Masson and F. R. Orella as
city physicians.
Considerable electioneering was done in
the contest for positions on the adminis
tration committee. Sample ballots with
the names of R. Aguirre, P. Cames, -J.
Bergez, E. Semaine, E. Messager and H.
Fabregue canceled In pencil were circu
lated by those who sustained the old ad
mlnlstratjon committee in having ousted
Dr. O. J. ilayer from his position as sur
geon of the hospital. Considerable oppo
sition also developed against R. Chartrey,
vice-president, who had antagonized cer
tain interests:
The election began at 3 o'clock. The
members formed in line and were handed
pink tickets, the voting being done at
twelve booths erected on the stage. At
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
Contrary to Expectations the Election of Administration
Committee Is Very Orderly.
ber of delegates from each State was la
the early conventions not limited, though,
the number of votes was restricted to
the number of electors. The number of>
delegates from each State to Democrat la
conventions was for twenty years, from"
1852 fixed at double the number of elec
tors, and each delegate was given half,
a vote. A change in this rule was made*
in 1572, giving each delegate a whole vote.
while the number of .delegates remained
double that of the electors. The Repub
licans adopted this latter- rule twelve
years earlier, and it is still In force Irr
both parties. Two delegates from each
Territory are admitted to Republican'
conventions, with the privilege of voting.
This is designed to develop party feel
ing and party strength to be made ef
fective when the Territories becoms
States. Democratic conventions five, no
votes to Territorial delegates. M[
The Two-Thirds Sole and tha Major
ity Rule. '
The first Democratic convention adopted
a rule declaring "that two-thirds the
whole number of votes In the convention
shall be necessary to constitute a choice."
This rule has been reaffirmed (against
strong opposition In 1535) by every sub
sequent Democratic convention. "Whig
and Republican conventions require a ma
jority only. This "majority rule-"* was
adopted by the Whig convention of 1340.;
and little else seems to have b«en con-!
tributed by that party to the perfection 1
of party organization. That they scarcely,
even accepted tha convention as a na-
WARNER'S REIHEDIES.*
THE SAir FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1900.
CHINESE WANT BONES OF
THEIR DEAD SENT HOME
Threatened Bevolt of Laborers En
gaged for the* Alaska Oanner
ies Is Averted.
"What threatened to prove a carious
disagreement between the three thousand
Chinese- who are employed In the-Alas
kan canneries during the summer months
and the commercial companies was amic
ably adjusted at a meeting of -the Six
Companies last night; and an impending
slrike of the heathen laborers was avert
ed.
The Chinese •lairrfed that for a num
ber of years they have been obliged to
bury their dead at the place where death
occurs, and in many instances the bodies
of Chinese are weighted and sunk in the
sea. Before the Chinese would depart
this year they Insisted that a specifica
tion be placed in each contract^ to the ef
fect that should any deaths occur while
the Chinese are out of the State the bones
of the dead shall be shipped to China at
the expense of the commercial companies.
As many of the Chinese were to sail to
day for "the North the sudden revolt ap
peared for a time serious. The f commer
cial bodies employing the Chines* re
fused to accede to all the demands, and
at the meeting last night the Six Com
panies agreed to make up any monetary
deficiencies that might exist, in order
that peace should reign.
The highbinder situation is still serious.
The Hou Sing Tongr are determined to
prosecute the Suey Sing highbinders now
under arrest, and to spill some blood in
revenge for the recent murders of mem
bers of their tong.
A large number of the men who are to
leave for Alaska to-day are members of
the Suey Sing Tong. and their absence
may seriously cripple the society.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
E MIGHTY-- If
M MIGHTIER- U
§1 MIGHTIEST*- H
S Th« Sword. E5
gj The Pen. g|
| WARNER'S SAFE CURE I
jg| Powerful to ' E3
2J CONQUER DISEASE KB
*y i! 2 SAVE LIFE.
M If PnrpQ r^Aa Forms 0f... H
H 11 UiliUU Kldcey Disease. §1
- -jAt' PADEREWSKI
Wf TO-NIGHT.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
CONCERTS TO FOLLOW— W«Jnee<!ay after-
noon. March IS; Friday afternoon. March SO:
Monday afternoon. April I. Reserved seats —
:; : :, 12. v and t*.
STEIXAVAT PIANOS USED.
GREATER THAN* THE SECOND WEEK.
A Hach Larger House Tha.a Last Sunday.
"PUDD'N
HEAD
WILSON"
HAS AGAIX CAUGHT THE TOWN.
PT.ONOUNCED SUCCESS of Mrs. Edwin F.
Mayo's Superb Ooinrany and the Splen-
did Actor. MR. BURR McINTOSH.
Comrn«-nclnjr Sunday Afternoon. April L
"ON THi: SUWANEE RIVER."
SWEET AS AN ORANGE BLOSSOM.
ANOTHER GREAT EVENT TO-NIGHT!
FIRST TIMK of the Musical Extravaganza,
A VIMIKLWINTJ OF FfN AND MIRTH.
Replete With Topical Sonps. Jokes, etc
Toa Must See the Beautiful Dances and
"The Boot Mon Golf Ballet!"
Evenings at 8. Matinee, Saturday, at I.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
"Watch for "THE WIZARD OF THE NILE."
TELEPHONE— BUSH S.
f*^\& 8 1 Pi/3 SSI 1 A ***
Beginnin^TO-NIGHT.
TWO WEEKS- MATINEE SATURDAY.
Err.yth & Rice Present Comedian
J. IA/ILLIE
\ COLLIER
r* IS HIS OWN NETV
', rARcn,
tfe SMOOTH
LAST TWO WEEKSOF THE SEASON
ALL THIS "WXEIC
PHONE MAIN W5.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra, Saturday
Branch Ticket Office EjnporJnm.
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
TO-NIGHT,
A WHIRL OF FUN.
....A. M. PALMER'S....
Laughable comedy which created a furor In
London and New York.
SEATS— ISc,~2Sc, 35q, 50c.
IN PREPARATION
...."QUO yADIS"....
MATINEE SATURDAY AXP SUXDAT. ?
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
IS-12* O'FARRELL STREET.
E. a. Fi5cher. ......„...;*:;.:..'... V.. .. Prop-
GUORGE MOOSER ..».. Manager
The Handsomest Music Hall In Ajneriea,
Our Time Table— B:tio. Aucurl Htnrichs' su-
perb orchestra: B:2S. fenor Vargas; 8:50, Slgnor-
Ina Barducct; 9:22, Sienor B&daracco: 9:31. Mtsa
Acnes Fried, 10:4S; »:Ei, Kisrncrlna. Pollettlnl:
10:38, Master Leo Hichman: 11 to 11:4 S. "II Tro-
ratore." Aurust Hlnrichs" orchestra. AD-
MISSION. 19 Cents.
sTmii n T iMlnrnMiii iTMTTlßfsTlßnri~Vl»t^»»rW^sWWwßis»»Wg^s^s»»»»»»»»»»«^sf^s»»»»»»MOHßsrs»Wsr '
BRAIN FOOD
Is of Little Benefit Unless It Is Di-
gested.
Xearly every one will admit that as a
nation we eat too much meat and too lit-
tle of vegetables and grains.
For business men, office men and clerks,
and in fact every one engaged In seden-
tary or Indoor occupations, grains, milk
and vegetables are much more healthful.
Only men engaged in severe outdoor
manual labor can live on a heavy meat
diet and continue in health.
As a general rule, meat once a day Is
sufficient for all classes of men, women
and children, and grains, fruit and vege-
tables should constitute the bulk of food
eaten.
But many of the most nutritious foods
are difficult of digestion, and it is of no
use to advise brain workers to eat largely
of grains and vegetables where the diges-
tion Is too weak to assimilate them prop-
erly.
It Is always best to get the best results
from our food that some simple and
harmless digestive should be taken after
meals to assist the relaxed digestive or-
gans, and several years' experience have
proven Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets to
bo a very safe, pleasant and effective di-
gestive and a remedy which may be taken
daily with the best results.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can hardly
be called a patent medicine, as they do
not act on the bowels nor any particular
organ, but only on the food eaten. They
supply what weak etomachs lack, pepsin
diastase, and by stimulating the gastric
glands Increase the natural secretion of
hydrochloris add.
People who make a dally practice of
taking one or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after each meal are sure to have
perfect digestion, which means perfect
health.
There Is no danger of forming an in-
jurious habit as the tablets contain ab-
solutely nothing but natural digestives;
cocaine, morphine and similar drugs have
no place In the stomach medicine, and
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are certainly
the best known and most popular of all
stomach remedies. - ,-
Ask your druggist for a flfty-cent pack-
ace of Stuart's Dyspepsia* Tablets, and
after a week's use note the Improvement
In health, appetite and nervous energy.
5CHARLES GRAHAM.
game is clearly evinced by the fact that
in case Hulen cannot secure his own re
lease from Kansas City he intends mak
ing I Graham - captain of his team In the
Western ' League. « "•. - - . >
Charlie Granam was born and received
his education in this State, being a grad
uate of Santa Clara College. His skill as
a ball player is well . known. His first
baseball experience .was with .the Santa
Clara Sodality : nine. . It was due to his
efforts in great measure that this
team made inch a successful showing in
the struggle for the amateur champion
ship of California In 1896. ¦ He was with
the Santa Clara College team .for : four
years.Jln each of which the team won the
intercollegiate championship.': His only
professional engagement waa with the
California League team of San Jose, when
he played right field. As a fielder he
ranked third in the league, and was also
well advanced in the official batting aver
ages, while he Is an excellent all-round
player,. lt Is as catcher that, he excels, l
having no superior in this department in
California. --
BEACON WINS THE STAKE AT UNION
PARK AND PEPITA AT INGLESIDE
Representative of the Lopez'
Kennels Shows High- .
Class Form.
RE. de B. Lopez & Son's Paplta won
first money in the non-winners*
ftake yesterday at Ingleslde
Coursing Park, with Joe Perry's
I Commodore Nash as runner .up.
The ghort-ends made a great
showing, and the talent suffered severely.
In five courses Commodore Nash got
the flag, winning each time on merit and
In every case the wise ones had the dope
figured wrong, placing the Commodore
on the short end. The dog was beaten
out In the final by Papita. Nash led to
near the hare and then slowed down. Pa
pita took the turn, placing Nash for one
turn, when she drove by him, taking the
turn and kill. One Spot showed well all
day, winning twice on the short end In
good shape, a favorite in the third tie and
beaten by the stake winner in the fourth.
Kid McCoy, considered the fastest dog
in the stake, seemed too keen and lost his
chances by wild running In the second
tie. Little Fullerton and Rocker showed
well and for a while both looked like can
didates for the final. In the second tie
the short ends came In a bunch, favor
ites losing six of the first seven courses.
The hares were fast and strong enough to
make good tests. Following are the day's
results with Judge P. J. Rellly's official
scores:
Non-winners' stake, first round— F. A. Mc-
Comb's One Spot beat J. K. Smith's Lady
Sears, 3—o;3 — 0; A.- T. Leonard's Master Lawrence
beat Ruxsell. Allen & Wilson's Daisy Claire,
S— l: J. R. Smith's Sylvanus beat S. Mahoney's
Nellie G, 8—1; J. Holden's Bcottlsh Chief beat
Husscll. Allen & Wilson's Miss Cable. 3—l;
J. Mooneyes Silent Treasure beat J. R. Smlth.'s
Mafcter Davenport, 4—2;4 — 2; P. M. . Clarkson's
Klower of Gold beat W. X. Hoax's Lady Nor
bome, 6— o^ li. K. de B. Lopez & Bon's Paplta
beat H. A. Deckelman'a Flyaway, &— 1; James
Dean's Gallant beat E. M. Kellogrgr's lowa Boy,
6— 4: K. M. Kelli-cv's lowa Maid beat J. Mc-
Neil's Captain Byrneß. 5—2; J. Byrnes" Olym
pus tx>*t B. Baumeister's Warrior, 6—2: B.
Handy's Lady Huiro beat J. McNeil's Black
Hawk, S— 2; Joe Perry's Commodore Nash beat
R. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo, 10-6: M. J. Kelly's
Nltht Time beat D. Dillon's Modesty, 17—8;
E. M. KellOKß's-Kld McCoy beat W. C. Whlt
inic's St. Anthony, s—o; M. Nealon's Athena
beat Fam Handy"s Twin City Girl, 4—2; Lowe
& Thompson's Little Fullerton beat -J.Ant
honys Patriot, 3—2; 11. A. Deckelman's Rock
er beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's Miss Allen,
S — 2; J. R. Smith's Magic beat James Dickaon's
Black B*M. 7— 4; T. Tlemey's Tea' Rose beat
E. M. Kellofc's Ben's Babe. *— 2: M. Mich
alak's Old Glory beat J. H. W. Muller's Moco
rlta. 4—l. , .
. K«?ond round — One Boot beat Master Law
rence, 4—o; Scottish Chief beat Sylvanus,' 16—9;
Flower of Gold beat Silent Treasure, 7—l;7 — 1; Pa
pita beat Gallant. 3—o; lowa Maid beat Olym
pus, 2—2; Commodore Nat>h beat Lady Hugo,
4—l; Nlgrht Time beat Kid McCoy, 7—6; Little
Fullerton beat Athena, 6—3; Rocker beat Magic,
&— 6; Tea Rose beat Old Glory, 6—*. ¦ -.-.».
Third round— One Spot beat Scottish '.' Chief,
6—3;6 — 3; Paplta be«t Flower of Gold, 3—2;3 — 2; Commo
dore Nash beat lowa Maid. 4—o; Little Fuller
ton best Nlcht Time, 5— 2; Rocker beat Tea
Roe*, 4—2. » • ¦;'¦.--,••¦¦¦.? ...
Fourth round— PaDlta beat One Bpot, ¦ 7— 4;
Commodore Nasb beat Little i Fullerton, . 4— l;
Rocker a bye. • y» . . ¦
Fifth round— Paplta beat Rocker. s—o; Com
modore Nash a bye.
Final— Paplta beat Commodore Nash, 6—l.
Curtis & Son's Blue Grey
hound Has Great Speed
Possibilities.
PURTIS & SON'S blue greyhound
Beacon went through the open stake
Lat Union Coursing Park yesterday
in flying style. He led all his oppo
nents some five lengths to the hare.
Among the flyers to go out before
him were Lucretla Borgia, Miss Grizzle,
Random Aim, Royal Flush, 'Whitehead
and. In the deciding course, Brutus. In
the latter course Brutus became unsight
ed after leaving the slips. If anything,
this proved to be to his advantage as the
hare bent s^harply to him. He did not
show . sufficient speed to withstand the
flyer from the Garden City, as Beacon,
putting on all speed, passed him out for
the turn, and after that never let him
score, defeating him five points to noth
ing. .
There were many surprises during the
day, -chief among them being the defeat
of Palo Alto by Master Clalr. The young
dog had been backed off the board by the
bettors in their eagerness to have a ticket
on him. He again showed great speed
leading up to me hare by four lengths.
As Is his habit he hesitated an instant be
fore driving in for the kill, and Master
Clalr, fast and clever, had him beaten al
most before the spectators realized what
had happened. - , ,
The most sensational course of the day
was an undecided one between Royal
Flush and McKinley. The. two big dogs
ran nose and nose to the hare, there be
ing little to . choose between them in
speed. At the second attempt the run-up
was equally close, but Flush was more
successful in working up the hare and
won easily. In the succeeding round Bea
con led Royal Flush, which Is showing the
effects of continuous coursing, ¦by six
lengths. . "
Whltehead ran Into third place, scoring
two clever wins In his courses, with Mac's
Melody and Bad Boy, both of which ran
in their best form.
• * In . the .first round ' a number of warm
favorites were retired. Cavalier, a 10 to 1
favorite, was defeated by Miss ' Grizzle
The Exile ran a brilliant course, defeating
Rona, a 6 to 1 favorite. Bad Boy defeated
Bohe at 3 to 1; Master Clalr beat Palo
Alto, 5 to 1, and Blackette beat Rollicking-
Airs, 4 to 1. . . " ¦ ... ,--*¦
The puppy. stake waa won by Julius
Horn's Bona Fide after an " undecided
course with Grafter. In the previous
round she ran an 'undecided course with
Pennegrant. The two extra courses did
not seem to harm her, as she shut out
Grafter, pointless. In the deciding course
The . results in detail with Judge John
Grace's official scores follow:.; v : »
Openstake. first round— Curtis & Son's
Beacon beat P. Horgan'a Lucretla Borrla, 12—2-
T. Logan's Mlsa Grlzxle 1 beat Curtl» &- Son's
Cavalier. '3—l; -Curt!* & Son'a Maud S beat M
P" nI e»'" Erin/ 4—l;- D. Winder's Random Alni
beat E. Casseriys Lady Blanche. 6—o; TV H
Scheper's The Exile beat H. -H. Gray's Rona"
*— 0; Curtis •& Son's McKinley beat Lande &
Gerber* Rlenzt.;4-o! J.- H. , Harrison's Hot
Haste beat T. J. Cronin's Thornhill, B— 2; F A
McComb's Royal Flush beat Gus Abercromble's
Rock Island . Boy,; 8-0; George .Whitney's
Theron beat J. P. Thrift's • Forest, V s—l • . j
Sheridan's ' Forest ' Kin* ' beat R. • E. de : B
Lopez's "Wander. 4—*: Maher A Reid's Bad Boy
beat J. H. Peril's Bohe, 3—l; Russell, Allen &
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Have Joined the Fruit Combine.
NILES, March 23.— A branch of the Cali
fornia Cured Fruit Association has been
organized here and the following offlcerx
have betn elected to serve until June 2S.
the date of the annual meeting: Joseph
Shinn. president; Giles E. Chlttend^n,
Fred Korner, Rev. J. Durham and E De
coto, vice presidents; George Hudson, sec
retary. The purposes of the association
are to undertake the Inspection, packing
«nd pale of the entire fruit crop, and to
establish and maintain uniform grades of
fruits, nuts. etc.. as to size, condition and
quality. The local branch will sell only to
the association.
BECAUSE he refused to part with 25 cents, the body of Joseph Murphy, a
teamster, now lies on a slab- In the undertaking parlors of Carew & Eng
lish, and John de Bono, a florist, is held in the City Prison on a charge
of murder. Murphy died yesterday morning at St. Mary's Hospital after
lingering between life and death for two days as the result of- wounds
Inflicted by De Bono during a scuffle In F. G. Jaeger's flower store, 236 Sutter
street. ' ¦ •
The quarrel which ended in the death of Murphy was an accident of hap
hazard fortune. He was at the time employed as a teamster by the American
Fish Company," and while In the pursuit of his duties - on . March 13 he stopped
his team In front of Jaeger's flower store. On the sidewalk were several palms
which came within reach of Murphy's horse and they began to disappear. Do
Bono discovered that his plants were being eaten up, so he rushed out of the
store to cut the* operation short.
The team was without a driver and in order to secure recompense for the
damage done, De Bono untied the reins and took them with him when he went
back to his work.
Murphy was not long In discovering his loss. Jumping on the seat with a
friend, he reached for the reins in vain. De Bono came out of the 'store at
this time and demanded 25 cents for his injured palms, promising to return. the
reins If that sum were paid. Murphy was inclined to conform to the florist's re
quest, but his friend advised him not to do so. At this stage both 'florist and
teamster gave vent to torrid tempers and a battle enyued. ¦ '• •. - •
Flower pots, plants In boxes, roses, pinks, lilacs, violets, in bunches and loose,
were scattered about the store in anything but artistic profusion. . As De Bono
tells his story, he dodged one vase of flower*, and seeing his assailant approach-
Ing with a small pot ready for use. he dodged behind the counter, at the same
time picking up a big pair of shears. :¦ ,
The pQt whizzed by and then De Bono let fly the shears, which struck Murphy
over the left eye. Soon after De Bono walked out and threw the.reins back to
Murphy, who had bandaged his head while mounted on the box. ¦ : /
Murphy did not attend to his wounds with any degree of care. They were
dressed soon after the accident, but it was not until last Friday that ho was tak
en to St. Maryts Hospital. His condition was so precarious that Dr. Theodore
Rethers was called in by the family. He found it necessary to trephine the skull,
but a, congestion of the brain had already shown Itself.
Murphy did not tell his story to any of hl.s family, who were in constant at
tendance at the hospital. Until they heard from the physician last night they
imagined that his death was due to heart disease, from which he suffered. Mur
phy was 30 years of age, and at the time of the accident resided at the Winches
ter House. As soon a.« the death was reported to the police a search was made
for De Bono, who was arrested in the afternoon by Sergeant Kills of the Har
bor police station.
JACK McGRATH, BANK ROBBER.
THE third man Implicated in the robbery, of the First National Bank of [
Seattle has succeeded in eluding tho vigilance of Detectives Ryan and (
ODea of the. southern district. but his liberty will be .
short-lived, as they know where he has gone and will soon have him be- (
hind the bars. They have been working steadily on the case, and ascertained ¦
Saturday night that the accomplice in the bank Job of Robert Collins, now In <
"the tanks" at the City Prison, and Parker, arrested In Victoria, B. C, was ¦
Jack McGrath. a well-known pickpocket, who is also believed to have been
with Collins when he stole the $515 from the store of Ferdinand Smith, the "
money broker. 316 Montgomery street.
Chief Sullivan was so satisfied that Ryan and ODea would have McGrath (
In their clutches before morning that he wired to Seattle to that effect, but the .
bird had flown. . . -' : {'~'-l <
The detectives and Policeman Harry O'Day kept watch on the house of -
McGrath's parents at 483 Ninth street all Saturday night in the hope that he (
would make his appearance. About 5 o'clock yesterday morning, as McGrath •
did not appear, they entered the house and searched it from top to bottom, <
but the crook could not be found. His sister admitted that he had been there -
and that he had $2500 with him. of which he gave her «00. She handed over
the $400 to the detectives, and it is now In the hands of the police property J
clerk. She was asked to call upon Chief Sullivan, and did so later.
It was learned from her that McGrath knew a woman in Phoenix. Ariz., to (
whom he was attached, and the presumption was that he had gone to her.
Chief Sullivan at once wired to the Chief of Police at Seattle informing him of (
the fact and advising him to communicate at once with the authorities at .
Phoenix. The Chief also sent to the Chief of Police at Phoenix a photograph (
of McGrath and the woman, so that he could be on the lookout for him. Me- .
Grath fled as soon as he learned of Collins' arrest. . <
The detectives also found the satchels that McGrath and Collins brought .
with them from Seattle in McGrath's room. In .Collins' satchel was the re- <
volver which he had with him when he robbed the bank. The detectives -
showed it to him in the prison and he admitted that it was the weapon that <
he threatened to use on the bank president. The detectives are still searching j
for Collins' share of .the spoils.
A dispatch was received from Seattle last night stating that James !<.
Parker, one of Collins' accomplices in the robbery of the First National Bank
of, that city.had arrived there from Victoria, B." C," where he was captured,
and lodged in Jail. Parker's Infatuation for a variety actress led to the dls- 1
covery of his whereabouts. He denies his guilt. ' . ' •
CHARLES GRAHAM JOINS
THE WESTERN LEAGUE
FLYCASTERS COMPETE
WITH ROD ON STOW LAKE
Good Scores Made in Distance Cast
ing and also in That for Deli
cacy and Accuracy.
Catcher of the Santa Clara Champion
Baseball Team Enters a Wider
V- f- Field.
Charles Graham, the noted amateur
baseball player, leaves on the Ist of
April for Pueblo. Colo., where he has
signed to play the season with Manager
Hulen's team In the Western League.
When Hulen was acting in the capacity
of coach for Santa Clara College, Gra
ham's brilliant work attracted his atten
tion and he resolved to sign the young
player. That Hulen is thoroughly im
pressed with Graham's knowledge of the
'¦ ¦ ¦ _ ' : : : . ' i
• The fourth semi-monthly contest of the
San Francisco Fiycasting Club was held
yesterday at Stow Lake, In Golden Gate
Park,' under favorable weather conditions.
Good scores were -the order of the day.
Walter D. Mansfield led in the" long dis
tance event, with a cast of 122 feet. Lov
ett. who was second, could not repeat his
performance of Saturday, and scored but
113 feet. Young and Daverkosen tied for
third place, with 106 feet each. Mr. Mans
field was .also high in accuracy, with
96 S-12 per cent. I Muller and Lovett tied
for second place, with 94 4-12 per cent,
with Everett third, with 94 per cent.
In delicacy casting Young and Muller
tied for llrst place, with 87 1-12 per cent,
Mansfield coming second, with 83 1-12 per
cent. *££&!
Messrs. Bluhm and Frels were present
as gruests, both being prominent members
of the Chicago • Fiycasting Club. Mr.
Fries was unable to do himself Justice in
casting on account of illness. He is trav
eling through the State in search of
health. He is accompaned by his family
physician. Dr. White of Chicago, and is
so impressed with California that he has
decided to make his permanent residence
on the coast, probably In San Francisco,
and if so, will at once become a member
of the local fiycasting club. The scores
of yesterday's contests follow:
IRA F. BRIDE DEAD.
"Well-Known . bookmaker Succumbs
to a Stroke of Paralysis.
DETROIT. Mich.. March 25.— Ira F.
Bride, one of the oldest and best known
auction pool sellers and bookmakers In
the country. <J!p<l at his residence here to
day, ag-ed about C 5. Paralysis caused his
dftath. Mr. Bride was one of the firm of
Bride & Fitch, which has handled big
pool selling: privileges on the principal
uestern racetracks for years. Mr. Bride
¦was associated with Charles Bush in
liandline the betting privilepps at the
£T?at Washington Park meeting- at Chi
oasro during the World's Fair, for which
they paid $100,000.
Men's calf shoes worth $2 60 for & 25 a
pair at sale of shoes, 717 Market street." •
and: photo 1 roppiiM; ln artists'
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS r """"""
1/ DAP 14 & Drake Amalgamators, operat-
l\!\U(jn Ing dally; 1 SO-Hp. gasoline en-
glne cheap. 8 Stevenson. S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally, C2S Elxth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
DSEDQING PUMPS.
Oil, Gasoline, Steam Hoists, Centrlfural Pumps.
Ecrines&Bollers. UendyMach.Wks.,4o Fremonc
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.
L. PETERSON. E4*A Mission. 8. F.: oommunl-
catlcn« from inventor* gtrtctly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
PCTply fresh or salt water far slulo* bozea;
hlrh or lew lifts. Blmondg. S3 Market st.
PUMPS AND OASOLISE ENGINES.
All triads of Pumps and Gasoline Enrtnca,
WOODIX A LITTLE. 812 Market St.. B. F.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
EAVES All th« Oold by Grarltaticn. No quick.
tOrr-r. Hand or power. la operation 14 Spear.
OOLO SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Oold Savins Mmcbln*. X* Tol-
whp »tre»c Oriental Oas Rnjtln. Compur.
OOLO SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Oold Separator and Amalgamator In
flally operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. 123 Ist.
MATTESOVS SLUICE WASHER.
Lent torn, riffles and carpet combined caves
placer gold. VAX WIXKLE. 413 Market st.
GASOLINE ENGINES,
fHEKCVLEB GAS ENGINE WORKS Is Blllnr
tsaoy orders for Nome. 141-143 First St.. B. F.
GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
OntCts packed. IRVINE BROS.. 57» Howard.
508 Fourth. I3CS Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F.
LIQUORS-
WHISK FV L CAHEX A SOX.
VyiilOt\Ll <ig Bacramento.
OILS. *
L USSJ£ ATnfO J?UJr rt " J * on " na Oasolln*.
ENSIGN A McQUFFICK. 13 gpear »t.. B. F.
PLATES FOR SAVING GOLD.
CrhaezJein * Barridre. j Hardle place, off
Kearny. between Eutter and Buah street*.
K. W. BELL, Central Plutlne Works. B£3 MU-
- slon at.. B. F. Phone Jessie BCI.
ROCKERS.
pnfrp»>C nula-llula noeker: Centrifugal
J.bVr.LIJ Band Pumps: Machinery. PAHKE
& LACT CO.. Tl Fremont rt. •
PORTABLE HOUSES. -
ECTKHAM-STANDEKORD CO., WashlßEton
and Ut «t».. OakUnd. or Builders' Ex.. B. F.
PILE-DRIVINO ENGINES.
Wcrttlnpton Eteam Pumps & Water Meters,
Mundy Hoisting Engines. Tatum & Howen.
• ENOIVES. BOILERS. ETC.
BATTER A HAMILTON. Enrlnes and Boilers:
lowest prices on the coast. I'lne A Davis «v.
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE «t CO.. manufacturers, bags, tents,
corrm. 11 and a California st.
OI rr n Oil I I Corner Fourth and
•CAFE ROYAL £&3&s
Will k. iiWIIIU sc. overcoats and
Valises checked free.
FOLGER IS CHAMPION
OF OAKLAND GOLFERS
The tie In the final round for the cham
pionship of 1 the I Oakland j and - San > Fran
cisco Rolf - clubo ' between C. P. Hubbard
and Ernest R. Folger was played off yes
terday over eighteen ; holes ' on the Oak
land links. The game was a very close
one, E. R, Folger winning. by, the narrow
margin of 1 up. Inasmuch as the only
entries 1 for;, this, ? the ¦ second v - competition
for the championship, came from to© Oak
land Golf Club,? the - r tournament afforded
no : test iof the ¦ comparative ¦ merit : of the
best ( players ¦ of [ the | clubs j In 5 the I neigh
borhood of 8an s Francisco. -^ It, - however,
establishes . E. '¦ R. Folrer's * reputation as
the strongest player of , the Oakland Golf
Club. ¦ -.¦.¦-•• .•¦ ¦ • ¦ ?-: ¦ ..--¦,-.
WHY NOT
Take a Step Forward?
BE UP TO DATE and WEAR
LATEST SPRING STYLES.
POPULAR PRICES.
SPECIAL SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY I
LADIES'- BOX CALF LACE SHOES. Kew
Coin Toe. regularly $3.00....... __.f2.13
GENT'S VICI KID LACS BHOES. Wettesle?
Toe. regularly M.OO f2.03
MISSES' GLAZED KID. Clota or Kid* Top
Button Shoes, regularly JLT5..^..^^...f 1.20
BOYS* CALF BUTTON SHOES, Round To*-,
regularly J2.60 «~. — ......... fI.TU
ALL ABOVE NEW FRESH STOCK.
A FULL ASSORTMENT OF LATEST SITLE^
. FOR GROWN FOLKS AND LITTLE
FOLKS.
see rmcES in window.
¦ * l ' ¦ "
FINE SHOES,
830-832-834 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL
lillllllilMliillli
Men Cured.
No Charge for Consultation.
Pay when well. "Marriage Guide" free, offlw
or mall. Home cures. Established 19 years. X 4
Injurious medicine used.
Dr. Meyers & Co.,
781 Market Street, S. F.
Hours,! to B' dally, 7 to 8 eveningi, » to t
Sundays. » >r ¦- •
ELEVATOR ENTRANCE.
iiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiii
In the Handball Courts.
The much-taUed-of contest between R.
Linehan and J. Collins and A. Hamnton
and J. White at Phil Ryan's handball
court, 858 Howard street, took place yes
terday afternoon. Hampton and White
were victorious after a close and interest
ingr game. The scores of the day follow-
H. J. Rogers and E. J. Murphy.:....... n 21 ?l
J. Lonsabach and E. McG1nty....!..." fj J9
G. McDonald and P. McKinnon 91 ii ¦'•«
M. McNeil and W. Manion .™..V~.".7;; $ 21 U
T. McManus and P. i Hutchlnson. __. «« „
O. Hutchlnson and P. KeIIy.... .VTTTirTI 11 is v
C. Murray and W. Dibble.....' nHn
M. Klrby and J. kurty.."."-"..""."^ atOU
«V J ir C« n *v»« *«»« A. •Whlteman. ..... 21 11 tt
W. H. Sleberst and G. B. Haywardl.!:. 8 21 14
P. Ryan and R. Murphy «. UH ,"" ¦
W. FUher and X. I^ch..::'.-.";:; ?7 " S 21 S
W. Walsh and J. Brearty. -, .. '
KMcGinty ana a LSn:::::;;:;:; :::: fS " S
K. Curtey and W. ; Magnlr«...;..jL. «'^_
R. Hausman and B. Toy .^TTTr.*.'* 11 « «
7- Si 1*"1 *" * nd W - J0hn50n...^..... «„ ?
A- Whiteman and J. Glynn..m!.".'."'. gJJ \\
h. Ek^a^^Ga^!^;:-::::^ g : s g
A; Hampton and j; White. .. . . . . 2 i "17 « « „
R. Llnehm >nd J.; C0111iu.....:...; so n S 21 is
Plea for the Sandwich Man.
The San Francisco Labor Council Is in
the field against the adoption of any ordi
nance limiting the advertising privileges
now existing. In a resolution passed last
Friday It appeals to the Board of Super
visors to vote down any ordinance that
t«>n<3s to centralize the advertising busi
ness and to prohibit the sandwich man.
the billboards and the advertising wagons.
Swiss Rifle Club.
The regular monthly contests for class
medals and cash prizes of the Swiss Rifle
Club were held yesterday at Harbor View
range. In the first event the shooting
was twenty shots on the 23-ring target.
Tlj# cash prizes were determined by the
best centers. Annexed are the results:
Champion class, A. Grtiret. 412 ring-s: fir*t
class. H. Hauser. SSI: second rlass. J. Scbelbll.
tM; third class, A. Monotti, 257.
First pri«<?. F. Euter: second, A. llonottl:
third. J. S«maa; fourth, P. Croce; flrth. W.
BBum«;«rtner; sixth. A. yon Wye; peventh. A.
Gthret.
Cutter Whirlwind Sold.
There was a Jarge gathering of members
at the clubhouse of the California Yacht
Club, on Oakland creek, yesterday, near
ly all the owners being busily engaged in
Fcraplns: ppars and making other prepara
tions for the opening of the reason. The
late Admiral E. A. yon Schmidt's cutter
"Whirlwind was put up for pale at auction,
nnd was sold, with all her sails and equip
ment, to some Italian li?hermen for $73.
The Whirlwind was designed and built
by the late E. A. yon Schmidt. Although
by no means a graceful craft, being
spaped like a V, and having been twice
Increased in size, when sailed by her de
fMcner and owner phe beat everything in
her class.
BLUE GRASS
FUTURITY HIS
MANY ENTRIES
Almost Fifteen Hundred
Nominations for Ken
. tucky Classic.
Jiesult of the Meeting of Famous
Racers Will Be Watched With
Interest by Turf
men.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. March 25,-The re
rewal of the $20,000 Kentucky Futurity Tor
foals of 1900 has Just closed with the
largest entry list in its history— a total of
147s nominated mares. The entries em
brace thlrty-flve States and Territories.
Kentucky is the heaviest nominator, with
Ed entries, and New York Is next with 16S.
California has 66, Montana 37, Colorado 11
and Utah 1.
There are 533 sires represented. Of these
22%, or more than 60 per cent, have records
of 2:30 or better, and thirty are in the 2:10
list. Over 40 per cent either possess or
liave produced standard speed, a remark
able* percentage.
The result of the mating of famous
hordes like Star Pointer (1:59%) with Lena
N (2:05^,), and of Dlrectum (2:05H) with
I^.xley (^:OS>4), and of Arion (!:07\) with
Nancy Hanks (2:04), will be watched with
interest.
GOOD SCORES
MADE BY THE
RIFLE EXPERTS
P. P. Schuster's Pine Show
ing in a Number of
*..« vEvents.
JVK Gorman Does Brilliant Shooting
on the Fifty- Yard Range—Live
ly Contests for Medals
¦ and Trophies.
Nearly all of the prominent rifle shots
of this locality were at the range- at Shell
Mound yesterday. During most of the
time tho day was perfect, the 'light being
fine, but late in the afternoon a- strong
wind came in from the bay, making the
frequent manipulation of wind gauges
necessary. The Germania Schuetzen Club
held its regular monthly bullseye compe
tition for cash prizes, and re-entry
matches for cash prizes to be distributed
at the end of the year* In the first event
the best centers, as shown by the measur
ing machine, were above the average as
seen by the following list of winners and
their records: ¦ " /
First, D. Salfleld, 173 points; second, J.
Utschtg, 202; third, Haake, 344; fourth, J. Gef
ken. 4U?; flfth. H. Zecher, 416; sixth. F. Rust.
472; seventh, H. Huber, 500; eighth, L. Bendel,
534; ninth, N. Ahrens, 549; tenth, R. Btettin,
b2l; eleventh. F. Brandt. 723; twelfth, H. Stell
lng, 779: thirteenth, F. P. Schuster, 811.
Competition for cash prizes, three-shot scores
— H. liuber, 71 rings; Is. Ahrens, 70; R. Stet
tin. 70..
' The San Francisco Schuetzen Verein
also held a bullseye shoot for cash prizes
and a number of the marksmen made
over a dozen centers, six inches In diam
eter. Among these was F. P. Schuster
with 17 bullseyes out of 20 shots to hla
credit, yet he was so unfortunate as to
come in for only the twentieth prize. The
scores and winners were:
First. N. Ahrens, 82 points; second, D. Sal
field, 126; third, D. B. Faktor. 240; fourth. L».
Dunker, 248 : fltth. K. Bramit, 253; sixth F.
Koch, 236; seventh, H. Prlen, 304; eighth, W.
Morken, 4SB; ninth, J. Utschig, 504; tenth, O.
Burmeister. 535; eleventh. H. Lilkendey, 574;
twelfth, J. Hartman, 633; thirteenth. W.
Goetze, 600; fourteenth, L. Bendel, 635; fifteenth,
J. Horstmann. 669; Bbcteenth, A. Meyer. 766;
seventeenth, H. Stelllng, 710; eighteenth, J.
(Jefken, 722; nineteenth. G. Shulz, 747; twen
tieth, F. P. Schuster, 794.
There was a good attendance of the
members of the Red Men's Schuetzen
Company for the monthly class medal
shoot, conditions twenty shots at 200
yards, 25-ring target. Annexed are the
high men: • •
Champion class— William Kreutzkamm, 344;
first class, P. H. Rulffs. 322; second class. Cap
tain H. Grieb, 324; third class, J. Stelnen. 249;
fourth class, L. Bernstein. 349; beet first shot,
Captain H. Grleb, Zi\ best last shot, W. Kreutz
kamm, 22.
F. P. Schuster was the high man in the
monthly medal contest of the Nord
deutscher Schuetzen Club. The results in
the several classes, twenty shots, 25-ring
target, were as follows:
First champion class. F. P. Schuster. 430
rings; second champion class, not filled; first
class, not filled; second class, J. Lankenau, 374;
third class, net filled; fourth class, William
Doell, 2S6;«best first shot. F. P. Schuster, 24
rings; best last shot, J. Gefken, 22.
In the regular contests for trophies and
medals of the Golden Gate Rifle and Pis
tol Club several excellent scores were
made, especially by those who have not
rated In the top notch class as yet.
Among the rille phots were C. M. Hender
son and A. B. Dorrell. In the rifle cham
pion class D. W. McLaughlln and F. K.
Mason held the lead with 232 rings In ten
shots, 25-rlnp target. On the pistol range,
fifty yards. J. E. Gorman did some tine
work with a pistol, as will be seen In the
records. r\ P. Schuster and D. B. Fak
tor. who have for. years been champion
rifle shots, have taken a fancy to the
small arm, and now every shoot day finds
them devoting a little time to perfecting
themselves in its use. The scores in the
several events follow: ¦ ; -¦ ,
. Rifle, 200 yards, ten-shot scores, 25-ring tar
get, Bushnpll medal— D. W. McLaughlln, 224,
232, 221, 224; F. E. Mason, 224, 220. 232.
Kirst class trophies, ten-chot scores— C. M.
Henderson. 207. 225; J. Bridges. 196, 196, 206;
H. Stettin Jr., 163: G. Kullmann, 172, 200.
Gold medal— C. M. Henderson. 207, 218; A. B.
Dorrell, 220, 22C. 215.
Pi»tol. fifty yards, ten-shot scores. Standard
American target, gold medal— J. E. Gorman, 96,
92. 90. 93. 9R, 90.
Silver medal— A. Bonner. 7S, 75: J. F. Bridges,
72, 82; D. H. Kaktor. cS 54. 61; F. P. Schuster.
64; J. K. Gorman, 88; ?2. 97, 97.
TRAP SHOOTING AT
INGLESIDE GROUNDS
Members of the Olympic . and San
Francisco Gun Clubs Make
Some Good Scores.
The Olympic Gun Club held its weekly
shoot yesterday at Its grounds at Ingle
plde. In. the handicap money shoot Titus
won first money. Naumann second and O.
Feudner, Web . and Allen- divided third.
Some good scores were made in practice.
The scores for the club medal snoot fol
low:
MO Feudner, 24: C. Nauman, 22; Webb,
22; W. J. Golcher 22: Haight, 24; Schultz. 21;
Owens 18: F. Feudner, 21; Justins, 16: Shields.
17- Matterson. 19; Miller. 18; Slade. 20; Stone,
*17: Wonts 22; Sands. 23; Trombone. 23; O.
Fisher 10; Delafield. 12; Edgar Foster, 2V,
Titus, 15: 'Morgan, 8; Scovern. II; Allen. 14;
Rose, 22: Hapham, 20; Prosbank, 19; Derby. 19;
Allen. 20. . .
The San Francisco Gun Club at Ingle
side grounds gave a club race of twelve
birds, with the following scores? ;.
C. Shaw, 10; Gould, 10; H. Kullman, 7; J.
Kullman. 7; J. Sweeney. 11; G. Whitney, 7; E.
Klevershall, 10; W. Murdork, 10; E. Schultz.
10; Naumann W; Oolcher, 10;'Halght, 10; Feud
ner 12- Foster, 11: Williamson, 11; Rosenberg;,
12; Justlns, 11; Shields. 11; ' King, 11; Wand, 5;
MeMurchy. 11: Bekeart, 12; Trombone.' lo; O.
KlshPr, 8; 11. Welshaupt. 6; A. T. Derby. 11.' .
Six-bird pools— Nauman, 0; Sweeney, 5; Jus
tlns. 6; Shaw. 6; Oolcher, 6; Arnold, . 2; I Wil
liamson, 6; Halght. s;,Shields,, Shields, 2." Bekeart, 6;
MeMurchy, 5: Justlns, 6; Shaw, 6; Shields,- 4;
Bchultz, 5. MeMurchy," 6; Sweeney, 6; Bekeart.
5; Shaw, 6; Kullman, 3; Justlns, 4.
Wilson's Master Clalr beat E. Geary's -Palo
"Alto,- 4—l; H. Lynch's Lottie M beatJ. 1.. Ross*
Jessica" 3—o; R.- K. " de B. ; Lopez's , Whlehead
beat H. Lynlch' s Lexington. 6—o; Curtis &
Son's Vulcan beat F. A. McComb's Little SB
t<. r _ s_i; BarteU Bros.'.; Mac's Melody beat J.
Sheridan's Forest Queen. ¦ s—o; D. : Winder's
Risky Attempt beat J. M. Hal ton's Lavender,
R— 3; P. Horsan 1 s Manila beat A. Johnson's
Lowlander, 13 — t; P.Brophy's Benlcia Boy beat
\V. C. . Glasson's Sleigh Bells, s—o; J. Carroll's
Auckland beat Erwin & Lyon's Silver. Lion,
4— l; J; P.- Thrift's Brutus beat Krwln & Lyou'a
May Queen, 6—2;6 — 2; • Gus ¦¦'• Abercrombie"a Rock
Island Boy beat D. E. Wiley's High Born Lady,
4—o; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Spiteful beat K.
E. de B. Lopez's Dairy Maid, 4—o; Curtis &
Son's Blackette beat Pasha Kennels' Rollicking
Airs, 2—o. ¦ •••¦i • ? r : . ...
' Second ' round— Beacon ¦ beat .Miss GrlMle,
7— 4; Random Aim beat Maud S, B—6; McKlnley
beat The Exile, B—l; .Royal Flush beat. Hot
Haste. 4—l: Forest King: beat Theron, 6— 3; Bad
Boy beat Master Clair, 3—l: .Whltehead beat
Lottie . M,'. 4— 2; Mac's Melody . beat Vulcan,
19 — 4; Manila beat Risky Attempt, 6—3;6 — 3; Auck
land beat Benlcia Boy, 4—o; Brutus beat Rock
Island boy, s—o: Blackette beat Spiteful; B—o.
.- Third round— Beacon • beat Random Aim, 6—3;
Royal Flush beat McKinley, S—o; Bad Boy beat
Forest King, 4—o; Whltehead beat Mac's Mel
ody, • 3—o; Auckland beat Manila, 6—o; Brutus
beat Blackette, 6— o. , . ?-- . : ¦ . . .
1 Fourth round— Beacon beat Royal Flush, 6— 3;
Whltehead . beat Bad Boy, 4-0; • Brutus beat
Auckland; S—o. • . T • -..• , - -.
• Fifth round — Beacon beat Wliltehead. ' : 6— S;
Brutus a bye. ' . ' -r: ' ", :-•/*„
: . Final — Beacon beat Brutus, E—o.E — 0. -.•'¦.
'. Puppy ¦ stake, ' first round — P. J. Rellly'u
Grafter beat J. P. Thrift's Tar Hill, »— 6; Sterl
It Knowles* .; Olita . beat Curtis & : Son's Echo,
2—o; C. W. Banner's Wild Nora beat J. P.
Thrift's Tyrone : Prince,- B—2; J. Horn's Bona
Fide beat H. Lynch's Game Cock, 8— 0; J. H.
Perigo's Pennegrant - a bye.,: ' • ¦ • i- -.-.
- Second . round— Orafter teat - Ollta, *-*;•• 8—1;
Pennegrant beat Wild > Nora, ¦ 6—4; Bona ¦ Fld«
a bye. - i ¦?------ ••.¦.:•.-.--:,,•,- -.
-Third ronnd— Bona Fide beat PennegTant,' •—
0; Graf ter a bye. ¦ " - .
: Final— Bona Fide beat Orafter, S^-8, 8— 0. " v
Some • % admirers iof Judge John Grace
have presented him a novel watch charm.
It Is the foot of the hare killed by Luxor
In the final for the John Grace challengre
cup; stake, elaborately, mounted in gold
and suitably Inscribed, t ,
LOST HIS LIFE FOR
TWENTY-FIVE GENTS
Joseph Murphy Received Wounds in a
Quarrel With John de Bono That
Caused Death.
BANK ROBBER GOLLINS'
PAL FLED TO ARIZONA
Jack McGrath, Pickpocket, Is Wanted
for the Seattle Bank Affair.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MO
REOPENING DAY
AT THE COURSE
ACROSS THE BAY
Golden Gate Handicap Will
Attract a Swell Field
to the Post.
Zoroaster Asked to Carry a Bundle of
Weight— Frank Bell and Miss
Eowena to Come
•j Together.
Beyond cavil the card furnished race
goers at Oakland track this afternoon. Its
reopening day, could scarcely be Improved
upon. So many good "start In the
different events that It Is hard to reall2e
the season la drawing 1 near the close. The
special feature is the $700 Golden Gate
handicap, attracting the flower of the gal
lopers In training to tne post. Sturdy
little Zoroaster is asked to pick up 121
pounds and beat such fast ones as An
drisa, Pat Morrlssey, Rosormonde, Im
perious and Constellator among others.
In one of the sprinting numbers Frank
BeD. Miss Rowena and Flower of Gold
will try conclusions.
' Fifth race— Futurity course: three-year-olds
and upward: purse:
967 Afamada 108 (S«7)StrongoU »^._lot
(967) Frank Bell 1M 924 Flower of Gold.. 97
984 Vloris 104 862 Aunt Bird ..103
(SSo)Ben Ledl 103 921 Miss Boiresa.^.lo3
Sixth race— One mile; three-year-olds and up*
ward; selllnr:
(903)Castake 103] 982 Captive ....«»...l(tl
891 Pompino 97 9SI Silver T0n»......100
912 Horton 102 (Ml) Gauntlet 1M
982 Perseus 95 B*7 St. Cuthbert.._ M
<>78 Lothian 97 958 Einstein 9",
827 Ping IC3 968 Opponent 103
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Gussle Fay, Amasa. True> Bra*.
Second race— Klngr Carnival, Pat Morrlssey,
El Mldo.
Third race— Ctombermere. Impeto. Modder.
Fourth race — Zoroaster. Pat Morrtsser. An«
drlsa.
¦ Fifth race — Frank Bell. Miss Rowena, Flower
of Gold.
Sixth race— CastsJce. Horton. Peraeus.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Five furlongs; three- year-olds and
upward: purse: .
892 Lew Zara.. ...... 95 97? True 81ue.;.. ..•.1!'*
978 Amasa 113 888 Bllver 8u11i0n... 107
91* Orion 120 931 Lady Helots*.... lU
889 Mafaila : 123 954 Oussle Fay....«..1'v:
892 St. Germain 97 963 Mlsa 50ak. ...... .1K
892 Corolla 102 5C5 Morelia — ~._132
Second race— Seven furlongs ; four-year-olds
and upward; sflllns::
623 P«rtwt«; 19Sf 975 Montanus .^^.lM
?*> Grand Sachem. ..lls BSI Monrovia .........113
982 El Mldo 112 879 Mary Kln«ell*,.lo<s
913 Pat Morrtssey...HM 913 Uarda. ~^. 10*
BS3 Meadowlark .....108 (9«s)Uterp ..ll*
... Blue Bell 106 530 King: Carnival. .lls
Third race— Four furlongs: two-year-olds;
purse:
... Illllonon 119 ... Homage..... ..,.107
959 Sublime 103 ... Bavansa ....... ..10?
941 Impeto. 105 9TZ Paxstfal .... 105
851 Modder 11D 9U St. R!ca......._1«
939 Caxllee 1<», 971 Andrattu* ...._ll>
533 Ravelins' 105 ... Kid Hampton—is:
... Mafeklng 107 ' 971 Combenner* >-U!)
fourth race— Mile and an rtsiti; Golden Otita
Handicap:
ill Constellator 90 955 Rosormonds ....113
924 Mortgage «•" 9SB Advance Guard.lC*
<912)Andrisa, 100 98« David Tenny....107
913 Imperious 103 91S Pat Morrlss«y... 95
9SO Scotch Plaid 105 986 Zoroaster .......Ul
6
— "The American Porter" — The name describes
the color but only one who has tasted It can
describe the flavor.'- The perfect production of
the Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n. E. G.
Lyons Co., Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco,
Cal.- I ' ¦ ¦ "¦.•¦ •¦--, . ¦ ¦ ¦¦ -
NAMES.
v
¦ ?? 1?
•IS By
ii
ent No. *.
JeUcacy. o H
• £ n
O !8| IS
"I \ 'J-
:- as 1
i : Pi
Halght i. 78V4
Foulka 76
Young: 1M
Huyck 1 . .......;..... 95
Muller 104
Brotherton 105
Lovett 113
Turner 87
Daverkosen ;.. 10*
Stratton S3
Reed 98
Brookg 79
Klein 88
Battu I 92
Dinkelspiel 80 |
Mansfield 122 I
Everett 102 I
Cr0we11. ..:..... Bt> (l
Bluhm (guest) |
Frela (guest) |
90. 8
65.0
92.0!
87. Si
94.41
-3.4!
94.4!
83.8!
SS.B
63.4
87.0:
37.8!
55.0;
193.4
177.8
96. 8
94.0
|53.4
¦ 87.4J55. 40172. 10|....
'5?.4i«a.«0|74.nj....
|9*. 8177. 60187. 10 64. J
191.0 M.20]72_7<))
193.4 SO. 10187. 10155.0
>]86.8|72.«>i7».70j....
193.0:71.80 83.40 71.8
• 89. 8!65. 00-77.40 ....
87.0J71.80179.40 63.1
182.8165.00 73.10 53. J
'86.0:76.00 80.80 33.1
!5>6.0:57.50 68.10!59.t
i;89.8;56.80173.20P....
•i93.0169.20J81.10 70.J
94".*4175."16i55.*16187.'j
91. 5!69. 20 80.601....
75. 0j 65. 10 70.5015*. 0
m
NAMES.
v
¦ ?? 1?
•IS By
ii
ent No. *.
JeUcacy. o H
• £ n
O !8| IS
"I \ 'J-
:- as 1
i : Pi
Halght i. 78V4
Foulka 76
Young: 1M
Huyck 1 . .......;..... 95
Muller 104
Brotherton 105
Lovett 113
Turner 87
Daverkosen ;.. 10*
Stratton S3
Reed 98
Brookg 79
Klein 88
Battu I 92
Dinkelspiel 80 |
Mansfield 122 I
Everett 102 I
Cr0we11. ..:..... Bt> (l
Bluhm (guest) |
Frela (guest) |
90. 8
65.0
92.0!
87. Si
94.41
-3.4!
94.4!
83.8!
SS.B
63.4
87.0:
37.8!
55.0;
193.4
177.8
96. 8
94.0
|53.4
¦ 87.4J55. 40172. 10|....
'5?.4i«a.«0|74.nj....
|9*. 8177. 60187. 10 64. J
191.0 M.20]72_7<))
193.4 SO. 10187. 10155.0
>]86.8|72.«>i7».70j....
193.0:71.80 83.40 71.8
• 89. 8!65. 00-77.40 ....
87.0J71.80179.40 63.1
182.8165.00 73.10 53. J
'86.0:76.00 80.80 33.1
!5>6.0:57.50 68.10!59.t
i;89.8;56.80173.20P....
•i93.0169.20J81.10 70.J
94".*4175."16i55.*16187.'j
91. 5!69. 20 80.601....
75. 0j 65. 10 70.5015*. 0
mWeinstock Lectures.
Colonel H. Weinstock delivered last
night a very # interesting lecture at 117
Turk street on'"Some Points on Which I
Cannot Agree With Socialism." In his
lecture he stated that the trusts were
not to be feared as they were never known
to be operated in a successful manner.
Some people were prejudiced against la
bor-saving devices, but that when a ma
chine was invented that lessened the
number of workers new avenues of work
were opened to the employe that had
been affected. In socialism, he claimed,
there was too much of personal interest
for the few and not enough of "one for all
and all for one." ; : -f /
DEEDS TO BIG
TREE GROVE TO
PASS THIS DAY
i
Deal Covering the Change in
Owners to Be Ended
in Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 25.
The deal Involving the purchase of the
famous Calaveras grove of big trees by
R. B. "Whlteslde, a lumberman of Duluth,
Minn., has not been fully closed, and Mr.
Whiteside will not be the owner of this
grove and the south grove, in Tuolumne
County, until to-morrow. The deeds to
the two groves have been placed in the
Union National Bank of this city, and
will be handed to the Minnesota timber
dealer when he pays over $100,000 in gold
coin, which Is the purchase price. ' The
owner of the groves Is J. L. Sperry of
Berkeley.
The transfer of title carries with it full
possession to 2360 acres in both groves of
what Mr. Whltesides declares is the most
wonderfully timbered country In the
world. He asserts that his purchase is a
bona fide transaction on his own account;
that he is the sole purchaser of the two
groves, and that . these tradts are only a
small portion of timber lands ln that lo
cality which he has already purchased or
on which he has secured options.
Mr. Whiteside exhibited maps to-day
at his apartments at the Hotel Metropole
to Indicate the extensive nature of his
holdings. ,In speaking of the big tree
groves purchase he said:
"If the people of California are under
the impression that I have bought these
groves simply on a speculation with the
United States Government, they are very
much mistaken. I have held an option
of purchase on the tracts for several
months, having secured it as the result of
a personal investigation of the timber.
'T had planned as soon as the deal was
completed to go ahead with my business
and get ready to take out timber. I had
parties— my brother and another man— out
here six months ago looking over the
timber lands of the State for me. In that
way I have received favorable reports
upon a great deal of this- land. . In the
vicinity of the big tree groves are two
large tracts which I have purchased, one
from a Mr. Weston and the other through
the Union National Bank. This big tree
purchase was Incidental to my other buys,
and I proposed to handle this timber as I
will the other that covers my lands.
"Since the purchase was made it has
come to my knowledge that the Govern
ment may purchase or condemn the
groves to save them from being cut into
lumber. Well, I stand ready to part with
the tracts at a fair valuation. I do not
want to 'cinch' the Government, and I am
willing to meet it half way. Yam not
ready to name any specific amount. ?It
would not be business to do so at this
time. Suffice it to say that if my ideas
of the value of the property to me are
met the Government will not' have to
condemn any of the lands. I shall not
do anything at present to injure either the
Calaveras or the south grove.
"My other timber lands are mainly cov
ered with pines. Now the sugar pine of
California has got to take the place of
white pine ln the East. I am satisfied
that within eight or ten years the Eastern
white pine will all be cut out."
Mr. Whlteslde said the people of the
State could rest assured he would leave
the big trees intact, and that the Gov
ernment would be given ample opportun
ity to make the trade. The groves are
the only tracts of redwoods ln Mr. White
side's holdings in Calaveras and Tuolumne
counties.
ANNUNCIATION
IS CELEBRATED
AT ST. IGNATIUS
Calvarian Society Holds
Lenten Services at the
Cathedral.
The feast of the Annunciation of the
Most Blessed Virgin Mar)' was observed
yesterday by special services at St. Igna
tius Church. At the solemn high mass
at 10:30 a. m., the Eervices were very im
pressive. The celebrant was the Rev.
Vincent Testa, who was assisted by the
Rev. Richard Bell as deacon, the Rev.
Patrich Ityan sub-deacon, and the Rev.
iaiher Cuiiigan as master of ceremonies.
I here were over twenty-five acolytes in
attendance.
The nermon was preached by the Rev.
i atiier MaJaony and the subject of the
discourse was taken from the gospel of
the day. lie said the blessen Virgin was
epecialiy chosen as tne Mother of God on
account of her great humility. Humility
*'»s explained as truth. This was exem
pllned u» the life of the blessed Virgin.
An appeal was made by the reverend fa
tner to his listeners to seek after the same
virtue of truth co that they all might live
more to the glory of God.
I here were special services ln the even-
Ing in commemoration of the opening of
the twentieth century. The sermon was
preached by the Rev. Henry Woods, the
celebrant being the Rev. J. P. Frieden. S.
J.. father euperior of the Jesuit order on
the Pacific Coast.
The Calvarian Society held special Len
ten service yesterday afternoon at St.
Mary's Cathedral. The service opened
¦with the devotion of the Stages of the
Cross. The Rev. Father McGough
preached the sermon. He said ln part:
"My dear brethren, let us follow to-day
the life of Caiapbas, the high priest. He
was the highest Jewish minister while
Christ was on earth. He had no business
In the oQce he held, as it was a position
that was banded down from father to con,
but he was placed in the exalted position
by the Romans. Calaphas was a cruel man
and can be blamed for the de-ath of our
Lord by his unmerciful prosecution. A
young man sprung up from Judea and he
came on earth to establish God's word on
earth. Gathering large crowds wherever
he went he was a dangerous man to the
Jewish religion. Calaphas, with other offi
cials, tried to establish evidence against
him. without success. He was at last
brought before the high priest and
charged with three different offence?
which they were unable to prove. Christ
was not allowed counsel or any chance of
defense. Calaphas was unable to condemn
J*^us to death himself, so he sent him to
Pilate and there appeared himself not as
& Judge but as a prosecutor."
At the close of the sermon the solemn
r>ened!ction was celebrated by the Rev.
Father Ranun.
IMPORTANT CELEBRATION
IN ST. FRANCIS CHURCH
Feast of Annunciation Is Observed
With Special Prayer, Music
and a Sermon.
The Feast of the Annunciation was cele
brated yesterday ln St. Francis Church.
Vallejo 6treet and Montgomery avenue.
Rev. Father McGeouph waa celebrant of
the mass. Rev. Father Caraher deacon
and Rev. Father McMahon sub-deacon.
The aJtars were beautifully decorated for
the occasion, particular attention being
paid to the altar of the Blessed Virgin,
which was covered with llllee. emblem
atic of the vlrdn'B purity. Mrs. A. B,
Collins, the organist, with the aid of.an
augmented choir, rendered a special mass.
In the evening the music waa furnished
by the choir of the Gentlemen's Sodality,
under the leadership of E. T. Ryan. •
Rev. T. Caralier preached the sermon at
the 11 o'clock mass. His theme was,
¦"Xazareth, th<s Scene of th« Incarnation."
In part he said:
To-day, tb* 15th of March, the Feaet or the
Annunciation, hundreds of pious pilgrims are
visiting: Xax&reth. the scene of the Incarnation,
where they are meditations; on the wonderful
larnery and imploring; Mary's Intercession in
htaven. Naiareth, which is a Hebrew
flgTsifytnjr a flower. Is situated on one of tne
bills of Galilee, about twenty-three miles from
the Mediterranean Sea and sir miles from the
village of Cana, where th« marriage feast was
celebrated.
As* Mary Is mother of God by reason of the
Incarnation, the faithful should pray to her
constantly; however. I am not to be under
stood as saying that ehe Is either goddess or a
divinity, but only God's most privileged crea
ture. In invoking her Intercession use the tru«
forms of prayer that are particularly conse
crated by the church, namely, the Holy Mary
and the Anrelus. In reciting these prayers
you will be. honorlnc the Blessed Vlrrin and
yon will be reminded cf the wonderful myttery
of the Incarnation, wherein God became man
that man might become God and enjoy the hap
piness of the anuels.
HE WILL MINE
FOR GOLD IN
COLD SIBERIA
Divorce Suit Against Alan
Ward Has Not Yet Been
Settled.
I AI»AMEDA, March 23.— 1n a few days
Alan Ward of 723 Paru street, former
leader in society and son of A. H. Ward,
the wealthy mining man, . proposes to
leave for Siberia, to be absent for an in
definite length of time. His destination
will be Irkutsk, the northermost and
coldest city of the Asiatic Continent.
There he will engage in mining in a dis
trict which is said to be immensely rich
In gold. The divorce suit which his wife
commenced against him and is still pend
ing may restrain him from carrying out
his intention just now. Though he has
allowed the action to go by default, the
little matter of alimony has not been set
tled, and that will have to be reckqned
before he can take his departure.
Young Ward was a favorite in society
and much sought after, until a hasty mar
riage, and divorce proceedings soon after
ward, achieved for him unpieasant no
toriety. On last Thanksgiving day Ward
and Miss Dicka. Cool, daughter of Dr.
George A. Cool of San Francisco, were
married with little ceremony at San Ra
fael. Before very long Mr. and Mrs. Ward
drifted apart. The humdrum of matri
mony became too oppressive for the gay
young husband and he began to frisk
about In his restlessness. Mrs. Ward ob
jected seriously to the attentions he was
paying to other women, and finally a
month ago commenced a suit for divorce
against him on the ground of infidelity.
He. was willing that she should have the
divorce and has allowed the action to
go by default, only seeking protection ln
the matter of alimony, which has not yet
been settled. -
GEORGE W. REED
CANDIDATE FOR
HIGH HONORS
Says He Is in the Fight to
Go to the Republican
National Convention.
- . • ¦ ¦' - . - - • .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 25.
George W. Reed Is absolutely ¦In ¦¦. the
fight against Dr. Geor&e C. Pardee for
delegate-at-large to the National Repub
lican Convention, and he is going to con
test with Dr. Pardee for tne delegation
from this county. Alameda County will
probably be allowed one of the delegates
at-large, and the man that can take the
Alameda County delegation to the State
convention will be accorded that honor.
Mr. Reed returned to Oakland to-day and
positively declared his candidacy,- which
was announced by proxy yesterday.
¦ "I am a candidate for* delegate-at-large
to the Republican National j Convention,"
said Mr. Reed to-day. "I am in the fight
absolutely and to stay, without reference
to any one else who may be a candidate.
To be a delegate-at-large to the Republi
can National Convention is an honor to
which any one who has been a consistent
Republican from his boyhood up has the
the right to nspire. It is an honor with
which come no emoluments, and for that
reason a man ¦who haa always been loyal
to the party has a right to seek it. My
candidacy means simply that I would like
to go to the National Convention if the
Republicans of this county want me to go.
It nas no reference to the Congressional,
fight or any individual— it is simply a de
sire tn represent the party that I have so
long served in one of their national con
ventions. My service to the party ln all
of its branches is too well known to need
elaboration, and there can be no question
about'my Republicanism."
This means a flat fight against Dr. Par
dee. It is a fight for the control of the
county and it means that there are warm
times In prospect for the Republicans of
the banner Republican county of the
State.
Dr. George C. Pardee is very non-com
mittal over the candidacy of Mr. Reed,
and still more non-committal over his own
candidacy. While Dr. Pardee has been re
garded as a candidate for that position,
and while he has been announced in sev
eral papers as such a candidate, the doc
tor himself is not ready to make the an
nouncement.
"I don't know anything about Mr.
Reed's candidacy for delegate-at-large to
the Republican convention?' said Dr. Par
dee this afternoon. "I presume that he has
a right to be a candidate if he wishes to."
"Have you officially announced your
candidacy?"
"I have not yet said that I was going
to be a candidate," replied the doctor.
But despite this uncertain position ¦ of
Dr. Pardee his candidacy has been regard
ed as certain by the politicians of Oak
land, and the announcement of Mr. Reed's
candidacy is regarded as a direct assault
upon Dr. Pardee's position ! ln Alameda
County. If It comes to a direct contest at
the polls it will be the biggest fight for
an honorary position that ever took place
in the county.
Science and Theosophy.
Dr. W. C. Bailey "delivered a lecture in
the Odd Fellows' building last evening;/
on "Science and Theosophy." - Th« lecture
was largely attended and was listened I to
nith deep interest. '"sfPslß
- Easter cards now ready , for Eastern
mall. Sanborn. Vail & Co.; 741 Market st.«
COHFAGNIE OSNEBALK TKAHBATLAHTIQTJS.
DIRECT LINE TO WAYRB-PABTH. ; r ffa ;
Balling every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 1,". 1895,* at *^»**"^
10 a. "¦' m.. ' from • Pier 42, ' North ¦ River,*,: foot ' of
Morton ? st: ; . LA TOURAINE. • March 29 : LA
BRET AGNE,^ April 5; L'AQUITAINE, April 12;
LA * GASCOONE. "April - 19. > r First - class -to
Havre, ' s60 ¦ and upward ;"t per cent reduction
on round' trip.'* Second class to Havre. MS; 5
per ¦ cent reduction lon I round : trip. " GENERAL.
AGENCY, FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. » 82' Broadway t (Hudson ? building;). New
Tork. i'J.J T.% FUGAZI r & CO., t Pacific Coast
Acenta, . 6 Montgomery aye. 4 Son Francisco."
Hot Flashes,
Blurring of the sight, rush of blood to your head, creeping
sensations, numbness, dizziness, headache— don't amount to much?
Well, yes! They mean that your nerves have been and are being
overworked; that your nervous force is nearly exhausted, and
that you are on the eve of a general breakdown unless you
hasten to repair the lost vitality and regain your nervous strength
by taking Dr. Miles' Nervine, the great nerve food and tonic.
6x £ l was sub J ect to hot flashes, rush
**^of blood to head, nervous chills,
numbness, tender scalp, declining
memory, irritable temper and a
general run-down condition. After
taking Dr. Miles' Nervine fora
few months, together with Nerve
and Liver Pills and a f ewlaottles
of Restorative Tonic, I am able to
attend to my home duties with ease
and feel well and hearty. «m*m
MRS. MARY E. BRADY, Cadwallader, Pa.
D*. Miles' Nervine
Is sold at all druggists on positive guarantee. Writ* for free- advice and book to .
Dr. Miles Medical Company. .... . Elkhart. Indiana.
NO HELL WANTED,
SAYS B. FAY MILLS
Unitarian Preacher Tells of Causes
That Influenced Him to Become
a Liberal in Religion.
"Why I became a Liberal ln Religion,"
was the topic of Benjamin Fay Mills' lec
ture last night at the Metropolitan Tem
ple. The speaker of the evening waa In
troduced to the audience by ; the Hon.
James O. Maguire. Mills prefaced his re
marks by saying that the topic was not
of his own selection, but .that he had re
peatedly been requested. to give his ex
perience in reference to solving the fun
damental doctrines . of religion, and that
he would relate them to the audience. .
"I think a man should ¦ choose his own
religion," he said. "A man can be gauged
in his religion by his intellect. I cannot
see what you see, and you cannot see
what I see. I have had a splendid oppor
tunity to observe all the churches in
America and I have come to the conclu
sion that there Is too much social life
ln the churches and not enough of Christ.
I have also found out that there are Just
,as good people that do not - attend
churches as those that go.
"I attended a lecture once given • by
Henry Ward Beecher on the subject of
eternal torture, and : after attending ~ I
thought considerably on the subject and
came to - the conclusion that It does not
sound feasible for the rood and kind God
to have made such a place- for his chil
dren. I see no use for any - hell, as men
are jetting better every day. and are cen
tury after century becoming ¦ more : en
lightened. It cannot be possible that after
Adam and his wife Eve had partaken of
the forbidden fruit under the romantic
tree that death should be the punishment
for us all. Man Is becoming more perfect
every day. We have proof of that, taking
for one example the colony of Australia,,
where there were convicts years ago, and
their sons and daughters have become as
enlightened and as progressive aa any
race in the world to-day. '.'. , ¦
SENIOR CLASS AT
THE HEARST CONCERT
BERKELEY, March 25.— Mrs. Hearst
entertained the members of the senior
class of the University of California at
the concert in Hearst Hall tnls afternoon.
Mme. de Seraererlo sang several very
pretty songs. The programme waa as fol
lows:
Trio in F (op. 42), for pianoforte, violin and
violoncello <NJds W. Gade), allegro anlmato:
allegro molto vivace; and&ntino; allegro con
fuoco. Songs (a) excerpt (Brunnhlldej from
"Siegfried" (Wagner); (b) "Rastlose Llebe"
(Schubert). Interval of five minutes. Song,
with violin obllgato, "The Bird and the
Maiden" (Spohr). String quartet ln C (op. 69)
(Beethoven), introduztone, andante con moto;
allegro vivace; ajidante con moto quasi alle
gretto; mlnuetto grazloso; allegro molto.
PULPIT LOSING ITS
HOLD ON THE PUBLIC
Bey. Dr. E* C. Foute Names Causes
Leading to the Spread of
Atheism.
Taking as his theme "The Importance of
Christian Example." Key. Dr. R. C. Foute
cave utterance to a few Individual senti
ments at Grace Episcopal Church last
evening which cannot fail to excite wide
discussion among both clergy and laity.
In the opinion of the preacher there is
entirely too much talking- done from the
pulpit, which has "almost lost its influ
ence on the masses," while the example
set by many co-called Christians is so
•widely at variance with the precepts
taught by the Savior that many honest
observers have been driven Into atheism.
"There hae been ro much empty talk
from the pulpit," said Dr. Foute, "that It
ha» almost lost Its influence with the
masses. The acts of Christians generally
constitute the latter-day Bible, and many
people read no other. Be earnest ln your
Endeavors to be faithful disciples of the
master, for the eyes of tne world are upon
you. Every flip Is noticed and weighs
against us.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
#. Steamers ' leave Broadway
. wharf, San Francisco:
For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
M^B^ Mar. 27, Apr. 1. Chanire to
¦PrUHlßkv company's steamers at Seat-
KHnXI tle - ' ¦.--''.
W For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
BHQjfW c.). Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^^^H IHH Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
"¦ and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. ' m., ' liar. 27, Apr. 1. and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry. - - - ¦¦¦ ¦• .¦•¦¦-•• .
For Eureka fHumboldt Bay), i p. m.. Mar.
25, 30, Apr. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Crux, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles), and Newport, 9
a. m.. Mar. 24, 28, April 1, and every fourth
day thereafter.^
For San Dieg-o. stopping; only at Port Harford
(San Lails Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. m.,
Mar. 26, i 30, April 3, and every fourth day j
For Ens'enada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mez.). 10 a. m.. Mar. 8, and 7th
of each month thereafter. . -¦ ,
• For further Information obtain company's
folder.
. The company . reserves the right to chansre
steamers. Bailing dates and hours of calling.
without previous notice. .
. TICRET OFFJCfc— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
WIZARD OF THE PIANO
HERE ON SECOND VISIT
Paderewski, Looking Much the Same
as Before, Comes to Charm '-*'>'
San Franciscans.
Paderewski, looking much the same,
hair and all, as he did when he was here
four years ago, arrived in this city yester
day morning ln his private car "Rlva,"
with six attendants. After spending the
afternoon in his regular practice on the
piano, which is his Inseparable compan
ion, he was driven last evening to the
Palace Hotel, where his manager, Hugo
Gorlltz, had secured apartments earlier in
the day. ' -
The "Wizard of the Keys" comes from
the City of Mexico, where he electrified
large audiences with his admirable tech
nique. He also played in Los Angeles and
San Diego, with success, and no' doubt
will duplicate the furor he created in this
city on the occasion of his last appear
ance. . ¦
The pianist had a series of mishaps dur
ing his present tour, which began Decem
ber 12 last, and though he was subjected
to considerable inconvenience at the time
he enjoys recounting them now with evi
dent relish. In Galveston, Texas, one ots
the grand pianos which travel with him
was irreparably ruined through the stu
pidity of the baggage hands. It seems
the case was too large to admit its en
trance in the freight car, so it was taken
off and the piano was put in by itself and
was co knocked about that Paderewski
was obliged to order another one in its
place.
When seen at the hotel last night Pade
rewski pleaded fatigue after his Journey.
He expressed himself, however, as being
delighted to be in San Francisco once
more, his last visit having been such a
pleasant one.
"I desire to correct the impression,"
said Paderewski, "to the effect 1 that I
have taken on weight. .That story aug
mented in New York, - where a reporter
who interviewed me asked, me how I felt.
I replied that I was never better in my
life and said, 'Don't I look robust?" And
a story appeared next day stating that I
weighed 100 pounds more than I did for
merly. I am delighted to say that my
weight Is Just three and a half pounds
more than when I waa here last."
COAST lUTIMON (.\nrroit <.uuire).
( Foot r. f Vh rkc t Street. >
ANNIVERSARY OF
SPIRITUALISM
OAKLAND, March 25.— The Spiritualists
of Oakland to-day celel rated the fifty
second anniversary of modern spiritual-
Ism. Exercises were held during the en
tire day at Hamilton Hall. The morning
cervices were opened by Mrs. Anna Gil
lespl, who was followed by Mrs. L. E.
Drake. There were then several five
minute addresses. The programmes for
the afternoon and evening were carried
out as follows:; ;;
2:30 o'clock — Call, to order by chairman. Mrs.
Irene Smith; eon* by audlenoe, Professor F.
Katzenbach, organist: invocation, Mrs. Anna
GUleepi; address, Henry Harrison Brown; re
marks, (editor of : Philosophical Journal),
Thomas G. Newman; spiritual readings,
James R. LJttle; solo. Fred Manchester; re
marks, "Our -Young Folks," Mrs. Anna GU
lespi; spiritual readings, -Rev. Katie Heuss
rnan; remark*. Dr. Rlnes; spiritual reading-,
Mrs. W. Weir; solo, "What Bhall Be My An
gel Name?" C. F. Van Luven; remarks, John
T. Davis; spiritual readings, Mrs. Griffin;
spiritual readings, 11. H. .Taylor; song by au
dience, "America." •
7:20 o'clock-^-Call to order by chairman, Mrs.
Irene Smith; musical director. Professor F.
Katzenbach: invocation. Mrs. McMeeken, San
Jose, song by audience; address. "Medlumshlp
In the I,!*ht of Evolution," Lee Preston: re
marks. Mr. Thompson: guitar solo. "Blege of
Sevastopol," Miss Mabel Elliott; remarks
Dr. Max Muehlenbruch ; remarks, ex-presl
dent S. S. Association, M. S. Norton ;
solo, "Angel Land," C. F. Van Luven; re
marks, "The Lyceum," W. T. Jones of San
Francisco; remarks, "Individual Sentiment,"
Dr. Wallace Scott Hall. M. D. : solo and duet.
Pearl Anderson and James Knott; remarks,
"How Far We Have Progressed," H. W. An
derson; remarks and readings, Mrs. Jennie
Robinson; remarks, "Up-to-date Definitions,"
Wallace 13. Nevlll; song; remarks and read-
Ings. Mrs. .Irene Smith; remarks, Mrs. L. E.
Drake. •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CELEBRATE THEIR
SILVER ANNIVERSARY
Sir. and Mrs. Sigxnund Begensburger
Receive the Congratulations of
Their Many Friends.
Slgmund and Mrs. Regensburger of 1306
Ellis street celebrated the silver anniver
sary of their wedding yesterday after
noon and evening at their home. During
the afternoon a large number of friends
called at the house to congratulate the
couple who for a quarter of a century
have journeyed together through life,
during which time they have been blessed
with three children — two sons and a
daughter. The majority of those who
called brought as tokens of their sincere
friendship presents of silverware, to serve
ln after years as reminders of tne pleas
ant occasion.
In the afternoon the members of Colum
bia Lodge, Independent Order of B'nal
B'rith, of which Mr. Regensburger is a
past president, called at the house in a
body. President G. Nathan, on behalf of
the lodge, in an eloquent address, pre
sented the bride and groom of twenty
five years with a case containing a solid
silver table service.
Later in the day the membership of
Bay City Lodge, Independent Order of
Odd Fellows, of which Mr. Regensburger
has twice been noble grand, called and,
through Treasurer Albert Steiner. pre
sented its congratulations and a large,
heavy silver punch ladle appropriately in
scribed. In addition to these presents
were a number of beautiful floral pieces
and the happy couple received many con
gratulatory telegrams from New Mexico,
the East and various parts of the State.
In the yard at the rear of the house there
was erected a large canopy, under which
tables were spread to accommodate sixty
at a time. The. Interior of the pavilion
was tastefully decorated with flags, bunt
ing and flowers, ajid in the evening it
was lighted with Japanese lanterns.
In the evening there was a gathering
of young folks, who .danced and made
merry in the parlors, and after the dance
were guests of the host and hostess ln the
pavilion, where a banquet was served.
Academy Burned.
STOUGHTON. Wis.," March 25.— The
Stoughton Academy, run under the aus
pices of the Norwegian Lutheran synod,
was totally destroyed by fire to-day. The
pecuniary loss Is not heavy.
Marshall Parlor's Delegates.
Marshall Parlor No. 202, Native Sons of
the Golden West, has elected the follow
ing as delegates to , the Grand Parlor:
Leon Veiller and Joseph Rose, alternates,
Charles Louis and Charles Beschorman.
EATLROAD TBAVEL.
COMMERCIAL BODIES
WILL TAKE ACTION
San Francisco Business Men Desire to
Correct False Beports of
Bubonic Plague.
The harmful effect of the bubonic
plague scare Epread throughout the coun
try by our Board of Health has made it
self manifest to San Francisco shipping,
and as a result the Norn« travel which
this city foughi. so hard for Is in a fair
way of being driven to the Puget Sound
cities. A number of shipowners of this
city had, before the scare, held off on
charters, with the intention of having
their vessels carry passengers from this
port to the northern goldfields. depending
on passengers mostly on the influx from
the Eastern States.
The sensational reports that San Fran
cisco was infected with the plague, pub
lished througnout the East, have done
much to scare the would-be prospectors,
and in consequence the tide of travel has
turned, the Kasterners avoiding California
and wending t~eir way to other shipping
points, to our financial loss.
Unless th«? false reports regarding the
health conditions of this city are soon cor
rected it is the Intention of those shipown
ers whose interests are being thus de
stroyed to send their vessels to the Sound
ports to catch the trade driven from San
Francisco by the nefarious work Of, a
band of scheming politicians.
The commercial bodies of this city will
meet to-day to take action in an endeavor
to set right the wrong that has been so
shamefully done to San Francisco and Its
commerce. The Kxaminer's yellow part
ner, the i<ew York Journal, in its anxiety
to give the trade of this city a setback,
has overreached itself, and its lying state
ments show to what extreme its owner
will go to serve his own ends.
CHINESE BEATEN.
New Tactics Employed by the Health
Board in Its Purifying Process.
The farce which has been recently
placed on the bills in Chinatown by the
Board of Health is developing into trage
dy. A complaint was made last night that
not only is property destroyed, commerce
stunted and inoffensive citizens menaced,
but that brute force is being used to in
flict personal Injury upon those with
whom the health officers come in contact.
Phelan's taxeaters, regardless of the
Sabbath, continued thfir little game yes
terday. Into their hearts seems to be In
stilled the old Chinese adage of "walk-
Ing in trodden paths," and the same
ground that was gone over on the first
day the mob of inspectors set out on their
rounds continues to receive their visits.
The same doors have been smashed in.
the same cobblestones polished with
chloride of lime and the same walls
smeared with whitewash. Xo thought is
given to the police officers who are obliged
to tow the officials from house to house,
and some of the squads serve from 9
o'clock ln the morning until midnight.
Yesterday a Chinese named Sum Woey,
one of the lessees of a building on Du
pont and Pacific streets, complained that
he had been severely beaten by some of
the inspectors without any provocation.
The man said he was called upon to open
the door of the building, and while at
tempting to do po was knocked down and
brutally beaten. A broken nose Is evi
dence of the severity of the treatment ac
corded him. He ¦was also booked for bat
tery and vulgar language after he had
been returned from the hospital. Sum
Woey has employed an attorney and will
file charges in a couple of days.
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1900.
CHAMPION JEFFRIES
BOXES AT THE CHUTES
Puts His Brother Through, the Hopes.
At the Park, Beach and
Sutro Baths.
It was a quiet day. yesterday at all of
the city's pleasure places excepting the
Chutes. The announcement that Cham-
pion James :J. Jeffries | would , appear ln
the ring In a three-round contest with his
brother Jack attracted over 10 ,0W people
to the Chutea. The women took a special
Interest ln the event, as it is not often that
they can witness a fight without making
some sacrifice, and they took advantage
of the opportunity. Jeffries and his bro
ther boxed on a platform erected over the
lake, near •the electric fountain. Billy
Jordan was master of ceremonies and in
troduced the champion and his opponent.
Jeffries was well received, and after smil
ing at his admirers went to work. The
first and second rounds were without spe
cial ¦ interest." The champion showed his
usual strength and hitting powers and
seemed -.to be abandoning his crouching
method of fighting which has occasioned
so much comment. His brother made a
good stand against his rushes, but is
plainly outclassed. The third and last
round ended with considerable excite
ment.. The boxers had been sparring for
some seconds when ¦ Jim saw an opening
and landed a crushing blow. Jack sailed
through the ropes of the arena, struck
the narrow platform, rolled off and fell
five feet on to the edge of the electric
fountain. -He Immediately Jumped up and
assured" his brother that he was unin
jured and together they returned to the
dressing room. The 'onlookers indulged
in the usual "autopsy" of the event, after
which they enjoyed the mrlous attrac
tions. The three Cherry sisters will be
the attraction at the Chutes thl3 week. ¦
The unpleasant weather kept the
crowds away from the park and beach.
But few vehicles were on the road near
the Cliff House. Notwithstanding the
weather there were many people who
passed .the Sabbath splashing around the
tank? at Sutro Baths or enjoying the
aquatic contests. The results of the con
tests follow: •
- Fifty-yard dash. Juvenile— H. Freeman,
first; F. Stroll, second.
One | hundred yard dash, i amateur— H.
Keiman, first: S. Carrody. second.
' Tub race — H. Freeman, first; F. Clough,
second; H.Tyson, third.
Boys 1 high diving— J. O'Brien, first; H.
Llckers. second.
Trick and fancy diving— S. Carroll, first;
C. Lundin. second. . ...
Under water swimming— H. 'Lincoln,
first; A. Telly, second.
MBfljJi ln ihe G ° idfieids
P^m Winchester Ammunition
Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send
§^*?^BJ^B name and address on a postal card for
m' f^lPf^H 1 60-page illustrated catalogue. It is free.
Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
brteMsJ^^Hv/fi 4l ® Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTB.
¦ j A rich, nourishing food
¦ for brawn and brain ; a
R^S&S* era ge, to refresh
k^^^ and entertain.-
n^^^" latest product
FWjL yL D. fihirardolll Co.
Bkcocoal
«• \, A STRICTIY PURE "¦ : *&//m
llffi \gOLUBLE COCOA eXTRACT/ ¦
:;¦•--: ¦. ¦ - ¦ ? .¦._;; j,.. /-
BAJ A C ALI FOR N I A
Damiana Bitters
IB AORXAT RESTORATIVH. INVIQORA-
tor and Nervine. ?¦:¦ -', ; .¦¦ j,•-,---:..j ,•-,---:..- -?. •_-'
- The moat wonderful aphrodlslao and Special
Toato tor the Sexual Orsans for. both aezea.
Tit* Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS * , BRU1»B. • AgenU,
M» liarHet street, a F^-<Bend for Circular).
Radway's
. Pills
- purely ' vecetable, mild and . reliable. * - Cause
perfect digestion, complete r absorption - and
healthful regularity. . *"• r," ;• '¦ , ; . • r".:: — -:•
~For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver,} Bowels, Kidneys. - Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, ¦ Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipatlon. Piles ., and ¦ all ¦ derangements of I the
Internal Viscera. We a box. > At Drugvlsts. or
by mall. . 2UDWAT * CO., New Tork
INITIAL AUCTION SALE
fe 0F fe
109 Draft and Carriage Horses.
Consigned Direct by John Collins. Honcut,
Butte Co.. California.
Comprising the finest lot of broken and un-
broken, sound, blocky-built and handsami
horses erer offered ln tnis city. Axes ranging
from 4 to 8 years. Weighing 1060 to IGCO lbs.
All passed by veterinary. Suitable for every
purpose. No culls, worn-out or second-hand
horses among- them. Xo reserve. Public In-
vited to inspect them now at nalesyard.
Sale Takes Place at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST.. NKAR THIRD.
THIS DAY.
MONDAY , March t»
Commencing at 10:20 A. M.
W. O. LATSG. Auctioneer."
fe .Sa £a
200 HORSES
FROM THE
O^KTTTT RANCH
AT THE
SUNSET HORSE MARKET, /83
VALENCIA STREET.
EMIL COM It. AUCTIONEER,
WILL. SELL TO-DAT. Monday. March 28,
1900. at 11 o'clock a. m., at 1009 Guerrero
street, near Twenty-second, the clean
staple and fancy stock of Groceries, Liquors
and Clears and Rar and Store Fixtures.
- EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
•MMmmuv rAciric c*sirA3nr.
tTACIFIO Hrs?K9C)
Train !••»»« xwl are <in« to «rrl»» at
HAN riu.it'iM:n.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
lbatx — From February 2). 1900. — abuts
*7:OOa Benida, Scisnn, IHniira. VacarQle,
i Bnmseyand Sacramento *7»C3a>
•TiOOaEhuM EipteM— Da»U Willows,
Bed Blutf, Portland «7j43»
•T:3Oa Martiaex, S*n ßamon, Vallejo. Napa,
Caliitoga and Banta Eosa •OilSf
•S:3Oa Th» Orerland limited— Ogden, Den-
ver, Omaha, Chicago < 3il3jp
•SiSOa Sau Joae, liTermore, fttnekton.
lone. Sacramento. FlaerrriUe.
MarrsTUle, Chico. UetlßlulT M»l3p
•9tSO« "Milton. Oakdale, r-.oncra. Carters... MilSr
•OsVOa Harwanls. Nile* ami Way Stations. *11:13 a.
•9:00 a Dtris. Woodland. Height* Landing.
MarjiTille. OrotUle. *7t43r
•9:OOa Atlantis Kxpresa— Ojrden and East *Os-t3A
•9:00 a. Martinez, Tracy, Lattuop, Stockton,
Mcrcnl and Fresno. *l*il3p
•WiOOa Port Costa, I'resno, }lc]aT« aud J.os
AiiKeles..: »«s43f«
• I «:O«\ Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations *6: 13r
•11:OOa Nnes. Llvermor^ btoekton. Sacra-
mento. Memlota, lUnford, Visalla.
rcrterriue "«ilS»»
•I SiOOx ir*TW«J». Niles and Wty Stations. ¦«>43r
? l:o«H»Sacriiu-iito Kifer Hie.ii.ir* t*sOO>r
•3:OOp II »y wards, Niles ami Way buttons. *3i43r
•4:ttUr Maitluez. Han ltimon. Valiejo,
Napa, CaK«ti>ca. N^uta Kom *Vil3*
•4<o*r Braieia. Vacaiille, Haeraui«nto,
Woodland. Knlchts l^ndlne.
M»r/s»ille. Oroiille •••:-•»*
••l«3Or Niles, San Jnw aud BUieliton *Itl3s>
•3:«orThf» Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
¦ - Kikersflekl. Hanjus for hint* tlir- **
Lara, Los An«)-. # I«j*3a.
o3:O«p Snotet Lteited— El Faso. New Or-
leans and E»»t el4H43a,
•SsSvp Stockton. Mnccil. Jr-niio M2*l3r
•3:30r I'miio, lUkerafisM. Haiita i:**)>ara,
Los Ansjeleu, J>-mics, El Puo.
NewOrleausaud Eait *Si43a
*3iS«r MnuU Vn lloute— Atlautlo Einreas
(or Mojatn ami I'mbl .'... *6>43p
•0:« Or Hay ward*. Niks ami Kan Jose *7:(3a.
fO:.IUr Vallejo 'lajlSr
••«3or Orienul M »!l-Og Jen, Cheyenne,
Omaha, Chicago •9*43.*,
•«js©? Oriental Mail— Cgden, Denver.
Omaha. Chlcwrx MilSf
I~:«M>p Vallrjo. Port Coats and Way bU-
tlona. }Ot33s»
: *S>oSr Oregon and California Ui|>rm«.Hae-
¦•¦•" . -¦¦ nunenlo, M=«rj»»iII«. Ki-.l.Hni.
rorthtiHl. Tiliet H..U...1 m,l Kwt «*»!»».
' *8:I3a NeTarli,l>T)t*Mltl<vSauJose,FHtOD,
lionMbrCTeefc.BaotaOriuaadWaj
hUHuim *ai»4J»
t*«l3r Newark. OnterriUe. &a:i Jose, New
Alntaden, Fellon, floul.ler Creek,
Hauu Cruz and l'rioeipal Way
Stations t lot3o *
•Islsp Newark. Sao Joso, LcsCatos. *O:aOA.
}ll:li? Hunters' Exenrsfrn, P*a Joea and
WayStaiiona fl***?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSlS FRISCISCO— r<et if Market S'.rtst (SUa 3)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:00*.M. JI:C3 *2*3 13:C3
•i:CO »:03 •0:03r.K.
.'rtmOHUlD— Pt«ttrßru«w«T.— *C:oo 8:00 10:00*.V.
U2:CO *l:00 t2:03 *3:C3 |«:C3 •3--fl3rjl.
THE 0; R. &J. CO.:
©ISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
OP O I=t TL \A.NTD
From Spear-straet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CIQC 112 first Class Including: Berth
IAIIL S8 Second Class and Meal*.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA 5ai15......
.............................March 24, April 8
COLUMBIA 5ai15........... March 19, April 8
M Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane,. Butte.
Helena ' and all . points .In the : Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Bast.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
, GOODALL, ¦ PERKINS A ' CO., ¦¦
i}. ¦¦--¦ •¦ Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
niTTOBX. SOUTHAMPTON. LOIfDOS. PABXI
-Stopping at Cherbourg, - westbound. •
' From New York every Wednesday, 10 a..m. 4
New York..:.. March 18 New York...... April 18
St. Pau1.. ...... April 4 St.', Paul April 25
6t- Louis.. .....April 11 St. Louis .May :
V , T ".HED; STAR LINE. \
i^.V?" .V. New, York orjd AntiV«rp.
From New Tork every, Wednesday, U noon.
; Noordland ...March 28 Westemland ..April 18
Friesland ......April 4 Kensington ....April 25
Southwark .....April 11 Noordland ......May 2
. •¦¦;.¦ ; EMPIRE. LINE. r
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May 15 and
from Seattle May 24, to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailings. June SO. July 31, Aug. 30.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
-¦ For - full information regarding .- freight and
passage aoply to ~. -¦¦ ¦¦ •¦-?:¦¦.•¦.... .-..,;¦ .•- ,
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
- : SO Montgomery st., or any of Its agents. .
'JsflsssmJm'llltlfl Th« B. 8. Australia
f^^^ailiiUlU ¦*"¦ for Honolulu
m.}mtMO^-.L:Z\ The S. S. Mom
W3fW oMCumSnD^ ¦***"' vla Honolulu snd
lOf >ucklan d for Sydney
¦¦¦: v ¦ (wjipiimfc; Wed netd l a j r ' AprU "•
- Favorite line around the " world ' via : Hawaii,
Samoa, - New ; Zealand.', Australia, India, - Suez,
England, etc. ; J4lO . first class. ~- - - L : . . .- 1 " ¦;.*¦
L 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. M Mentoomen
pieV 7. Foot Pacific St FrtiohtMlce.927 Market Si
OCEAN TBAVEL. ~ - ;
TOYO eSEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, , and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March SI
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April J5
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May 19
via Honolulu. .
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St.. corner First. ¦
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
BAY AND RIVEE STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs and Sat. at 9:43
a. ro.; 8: 15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier Xo. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARB 80c
~ KAZLROAD TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTfIWESTEiWK.d
SAM FBARCISCQ AND NORTH PACIFtt
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlkuren Parry. Foot of Market M.
BAN FRAKCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU ¦
vlnCEat DAYS— T:3O. »:00, 11:00 a. m.; IMb\
1:30, 5:10, 1:30 p. m. Thursday o— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturday*— Extra, trips at I:6*
' and 11:30 p. m. •
•UNDAY3-S:00, I:*). 11:00 a, m.; l:S0. IJ*
•:00, «:*0 p. m. -
BAN RAFAHJL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO. T:». •:», 11:10 a. m.: U:OL
1:40, 8:10 p. xn. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:M and «:S5 p. m.' -
»UNDAY&-»ao; 1:40. MO* a. m.; 1:40, 1:40. 1:0 a,
(:2S p. m.
-- Between- San Frmnctaeo *nd BcbtMtssa F%rk
— jn» schedule aa sUxyva. - -
i Leave ; - - ' , Arrtr* •
Baa Francisco. In Effect Ban Franctso*
. October 15, 1 ¦
Week, Sun- 1199. Bun- Week
Days.' days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato..: 19:40 am 8:49 am :
8:80 prn 9:30 am Petaluma, «:0S pm 10:25 ara
1:10 pm 8:00 pm Banta Rosa. 7:35 pm <:O pa s
¦"-.¦- . ¦ . Fulton. ¦- ' "~ .
.fsMazn Windsor. 10 33 mm
: i c ; ' vx Healdsburs;,
- Lytton.
QeyservUle,
trlfpm 1:00 am Cloverdal*. T:K pm l:Spa
•1:80 ami ~~ IHopland anal j
| 8:00 am| Ulclah. | 7:55 pm[ f:& pm
f :30 am "-*-.- ¦ 10:25 am
- . s.-OOam Qnerntnrilta. 7:35 pm
t:3O pm .-- .._._;¦ - ¦¦¦ ,;••'- ', -.;---¦¦ <:» pm
7:10 am 1:00 am Sonoma »:15 am 8:40 am
- .-, ?. . . '¦ ¦ ' ¦ and
1:19 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1:05 pm I:Z3 prn
7:10 ami 8:00 am) • SebastopoL - 110:40 am|lo:H am
t.BO pm| t.OO pm| | 7:3S pm| I:M pm
- Stages connect at Banta Roea for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservtlle for Skagga
Springs; at Ctoverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land . for ¦ Duncan • Springs, Highland Springs,
KelseyvlHe. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bart let t Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Bprtngs, Upper Lake." Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. ,
Bneknell's, Santaedrtn Height*. HuUvtlle, Orr'a
Hot Springs, Menilocino City, Fort Braa-g.
Wtstport. ,U«aL WUlltta, ; laiytonrllla/ Cum- '
mtnra. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olmq's. Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka. ,•*-.-— ¦..;¦¦ -.. v,: ¦:¦: - ..¦
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates. •;:¦ - ¦.
¦' On " Sunday - round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. " . ¦ -
•• Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C WHTTINO. ; • . R. X. RTAN,
.; General Manager. Gen. Pass. 'Agent. -
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS ¦ ¦ SCENIC RAILWAY
Leav* San JTraocUco via BauaaUto JTerry. :j
Weak Daja.. t ...........1:M a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
•taadayaTr........!:* 1»:W a. m. and 1:41 £ nt
t— ¦ fc— rs<. rtossd ear oat all trains. - :-¦
< Faiw-wM maolsw to ¦uuntt aad Srtua.
BIsV ¦•¦¦ ; : .:-- •¦; " . -
CO AST DI V IMON (Rroiit Gauge).
(ThlnlnndTownwiulSU)
t«il«A Ootu Vlaw, Wcxith Ban Francisco.. t«iMr
*?>••* Ban Joso »ml Way Stations (Saw
Alm*Je.i Wedixmlanonly)....... •I>S«l>
•»>OO» San Jna», Tim lMnoa. Hanta Cms,
Tacitie OroTe. I'aso Unbles. Haa
Luis O!.isi">. Surf. Lompoo ami
- rrlndiml Way Stations Mif«*
•l«rl»« Pan Jmo ami Way Stations •OtSS*
•limn* Saa Jn«a ami Way Stations # 3iao*
fariSr S«n Mstro. Kedwood, M enlo Park,
Palo Alto. SanU Clara. Han .Iras,
Tres Pldos, h,iut» Cms. Ssiixia*,
Monterey awl Paolßo GrOTs flot36A
fS:»«p Psa Josa ami Way (Stations *7130p
H*lof BanJo#«a»d Principal Way Station* *9:43.1
t3:OOrSaaJo*otnd Principal Way Stations +9:0« i
*3iSOr San j one and Principal Way Stations *B<3a&
*C:.tOr Sui Josa auj VTayStattoDS ?»«©©*
Hlt43p 9an Jot* an.l Way Stations *7»3«y
A for Moraine. P (ox Afternoon.
•Daily. t Hand*y axeeptad. t Sunday only.
fc Saturday only.
_« Tuesdays aad Fridays c Thursdays and Sundays.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T2CHICAGO
This Is Che quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
CoirxscTXXQ Train Leaves Sax Fxascisco*
5 P.n. Monday. Wednesday. Friday and
saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n la time to connect .with ail limited •
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:39
'FYDDFC** p. m. with Palace and Tourist
nAM v «*'" for Kansas Citj, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno. Hanford, Visalia, Tulatre do art
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 629
TRISCO SOON Market Street. Phone Main.
waj; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Baata CUra Street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
' Comaenclnv October 1. 1399.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. TUUI
AND SAN RAFAKIj.
WEEK DAYS— *7:OO. "SiJO. 11:00 a- in.: *1:4»»
H:«. 5:18, i.-00. tJO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Vallsy and San R*-.
faaU on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at *:00 and 11:20 D. m.
STJMDAY&-*BH». n»:0* tl'M a. m.; liUt '
lili, H.ii. «». 9*o p. m.
Trains marked <*) ran to Ban Qowntln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL. TOfBAN FRANCISCO,
WKEX DAYB-«:JS. •t:35. 7:46. •»:40 «. m-i
nJ:3O. IM, *S:<o, 1:1* p. *n-
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. WednasdaTa aa4
Saturdays at C:4O and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS-*:**. «S:00. 10:00. »U:« a, m.|
•1:4(1. »3:U. 4:«. t:3O D. m. _
¦- Trains marked <•> start from Ban Qnentln. .
FBOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO*
. WEEK DATS-6:45. «:«. 7*5. »:4J a, m.|
11:35, Y:3J. J:*s. *:K> P- m.
- EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednsadajr* anej
Saturdays at T:<» and 19:10 d. m. - •
- BUNDAT9-S:O6. 19:65 a, m.: 11:08. S3& »:!*»
I'OO. ••45 P- m- ¦
' THROCOH TRAINS,
f :00 a. m. week day*— Caiadero and way station*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way station*.
1:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomalea and way stations.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KKABSTM. Established
In 1534 for the treatment of Prt vata
HMMMh Lost Mannnod. ¦ Debility or
dlseasevroartnf onbodjandmlndand I
Slcln Dtataaca. Thadoctorcnreawhen
others fall. Try him. Charge* low.
(nrf.|«riiiitff(l. CallorwrlM.
Dr. J. *'. VIBB9S. Box 1»37. 3»n Fraadso*.
7$Ii&— PARTNER: meat market; receipts $300
month :e*sh business. Kredo &. 00..22H Geary.
A-SSSO- ROADHOUSE and resort; fine place;
newly furnished. KREDO & CO.. 22H G«ary.
rivry erocery. strictly modern; irood loca-
tion- unusual sacrifice. Apply PENNELL.
BL'YDAM & CO.. wholesale grocers, 4 Call-
'orcla-sl. ' ; ;
$300— DYEING and deanlnr route; hon« and
wagon worth the price: $100 monthly. KRE-
DO & CO.. Z2H Geary «t .
WANTED— Driver for : delivery wagon ! Jn city :
"references required: salary $35 per month and
found.; W.D. EWER 4s Co., ao Clay st ;
$1000— RESTAURANT; fine business; owner re-
• totrtEg on account of sickness. KREDO &
CO.. 22H Geary tU
GENUINE bargains In lodging-houses and ho-
. tels this week. : SCHWEINHARD & CO. *
rooms 1 and 2. 917 Market jf
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
eat rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond!!.
: watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Slxth"
hlghest price for old gold, stiver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st
AT 126 Kearny St.. room 9.- respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevatcr. Tel. Davis $95.
ON furniture and pianos without removal :qulcS
service ;jnoney direct: lowest Interest Room*
68 and 63. Donohue building. 1170 Market st
On real estate, at or 2d mortgages, and en
¦¦¦¦<¦ furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
ON chattel mortgages. : estates, rents, real es-
tate, etc. ... A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and
other D. McRAE. 743 Mission st
MO r N E T ' loan «J salaried people without security.
, HILL, rm. . 44. Merchants' Exchge., 431 Calif.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 366 Parrott bulld-
mg— Men can secure loans on personal note.
IX> A NS ,^ 0 ..."* larted : P«>Ple: personal security
only. TOUSLEY. mParrottbulldla*.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWB.
Tbe World's Most ¦ Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant
Reveals .Your Life From ths Cradle
to the Grave. . .
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed. '
To the Sick Especially ¦
ncr " assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicine*," registered and copyrighted/ cure
all diseases on earth/consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin - diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been ¦ made - rich, happy . and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
- wonderful woman. . Consultation by mall is
always successful and satisfactory. - and ' all
correspondence Is kept sacredly confidential. ¦
v Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices ',rcmov»»d to "her" residence." 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland; CaL
N. B.— Take S. F. broad ¦ gauge . ferry and
' get oft at Clinton Station. 2d . station . from
Hroadway. sWKMHMHSMMWISHi
ARNOLD. • Dlckscn. give everybody tests :to-~
night; 10c: sittings. 2Sc. Socl4S Sixth, room I.'
NAPOLEONIC ' scientific 'developing ' circle at
ik 223 Eddy st 1 under a money power; 25c.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate «ye.: telephone East 126. ¦ ¦ '
A-JSiO; COFFEE ealoon and restaurant; 1 block
, from corner Powell and Market st».: rent $40;
dally receipts $40; 2 living rooms. See R. G.
WILKE. ;•>:* Market st
11400 CORNER procery etore and bar. with 1
living rooms Kitchen and t.llar; rent $4s;
f)lace established for 30 years; next to tbe
raiing brewery of this city; a mint CalJ
It. G. WILKE. fuC Market et. room 8.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. M and 3d mort-
, gages, undivided interest real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and. legacies bought: -no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else.
. where. It MiCOLGAN. 24 Montsomery. r. I.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
. In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mertsases; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. flrst floor. Chronlcla bids.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you beceme disgusted with poor' work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st: tel. & 40.
THE Eureka ISOO Gold Separator— The only me-
chanical miner's pan motion yet discovered;
also the "CentrifugaL" 'the only successful
washer used at Cape Nome last season; opera-
tion dally. t6 Beale st • ¦ -
$450— FANCY grocery and delicatessen store.
1301 Devisadero «t.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED-3 men and wives, $40 to $55: S
farmers for orchard work, $1 day; milkers
for Humboldt, Del Norte and Napa counties
and Oregon, $25 and $30; 20 laborers for lum-
ber railroads and mines, $26 and found: mUier,
$2 10 day; nurseryman, $30; 8 woodchoppers,
¦ for mine, $1 30 cord; shingle sawyers, .wood-
choppers, tlemakers and woodsmen at going
"wages; farmers, $26; carriage painter; labor-
ers for mine, $1 day and board; cooks, wait-
ers, dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT
Agency, 62S Sacramento st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
NIGHT school ' reopens April i 1: speed class $3
1 per mo. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market
TWO fine horses. 6 and 7 years old; work double
and single: weigh 1260 and 1350 pounds, j 4054
Twenty-sixth st sSSaa&jli JH.t OIIBIBtfBBMBBBfW
PARTNER with $2000 for placer mining; I have
the property, pays from $25 to $50 per day to
the man: near Nome. Address A. J. S..
box 4458, Call offlce.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Eto— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also, wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
WANTED — Experienced young lady to do mani-
curing. Apply from 2 to 4 p. m.. at The Oak
.•"Shaving. Parlor and Baths. 11l Ellis st.
FOR sale— About 50 gallons per day good milk.
Address E. B. BARBER, Del Hambrs Dairy.
Martinez.
SITUATION wanted as manager or steward In
a hotel, club or restaurant; 20 years', experi-
ence East and West; best references. Address
box 3168. Call office.
BARS back bara. mirrors, showcases, coun-
ter* " linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
flce furniture and fixtures: new and second
band. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
st, above Sixth.
AGENTS for Kan Francisco district— Kitchen
utennl: merit utility: money retter; also
ngrnts for cnast States and counties. HEB-
HICK. 1417 Brush st. Oakland. Cat. j
I_ADlES— Arents: eometiiiaz new. 602 G«ary
TO Nome and York on best-equipped vessel
leaving Frisco: 600 poundj allowed and chanco
to stake claims in new district which we stop
at between Nome and York. Farther parti-
culars at 337 Pine st
AGENTS WANTED.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts: beginners taught LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36»i Fremont Bt; elevator.
GOLDEN GATE Commander}' No. 16. K.^_*_
T.. Golden Gate bulldinr, <£5 Sutter st. ]r»r
-Special assembly THIS EVENING at Ifjj
* o'^ock The order of the Temple will *&
be conferred. All fraters are courte-
ouay invited^ - CAMpBELU com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodce No. Tt, F. and A. m
M., THIS (MONDAY* EVENING, at
7 :S0 o'clock. Second decree. By order
of tbe W. M. ' Y>
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
SOUTH EAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. •
Zl2. F. and A. M.— The officer* an "-«fVr
rr.trr.l*r6 of the abjve-named lodse are TC3\
hereby notified to attend tbe f uaeral '
-* our late brother. FRANCIS ItOSCOE
11ONNELLT, from the Masonic Hall, Four-
teenth and Railroad avenues. THIS TUES-
DAY rtth inst. at 12:30 o'clock p. m. By or-
der of the Master. E. C HABE Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodre No. 2CO. F. O
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. Flllmore St., Jg\-
!.. t. Rush and Butter-Third degree TS jT
THIS EVENING at 7:20. /^r>
HARRY BAEHR. Sec.
AHOT7 BEN ADHEM Lodge No.
112. I. O. O. F.-Mrmbers notified ~f£rZfr&=
to attend funeraj of our lat«
brother. CHARLES LINTOTT, P. "«W*>N-
«.. TUESDAY. 2 p. m.. Trom residence. 34S
Second aye. Assemble there or at hall; 1
o'clock sharp. T. G. OBRAM. N. G.
OFFICERS and members of Golden Gate Coun-
cil No. 60. O. C. F., are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late friend. MRS.
E. A. GALLAGHER. THIS DAY (MONDAY)
at • a. m.. St. Patrick's Church, Mleslon et,
teL Third and Fourth.
F. H. JACKSON. Councilor.
M. BOEHM. Secretary.
NOTlCE— lnternational Bricklayers' Union No.
I of California meets EVERY MONDAY In
The Temple. 117 Turk *t. : hall open every
day between 9 and 5: all I. U. men Invited;
charter open for 30 days: contractors or build-
era wanting men Inquire at hall.
W. D. PICKENS, President
WILLIAM KLEIN. NICHOLAS DUGAN.
WILLIAM J. FHEEDY. I. U. Committee.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from George H. Hedrick. In the Hed-
rtck gravel mine, near San Andreas. Cala-
veras Count}-, to deposit tailings on a flat
below the mine; from William Weyman. In
the Weyman placer mine, near Placervllle,
El Dorado County, to deposit tailir.es In a
reservoir below the mine: from Hugh H.
Cram. In the Plreon Creek mine, near Ply-
mouth. Amador County, to deposit tailings
In Indian Creek: from Henry Meyer, In the
Greenhorn mlr.e. at Cherokee, Nevada County,
to deposit tailings In Shady Creek, and from
the Emery Gold Mining Company. In the
Emery hydraulic mine, near Mountain Ranch,
Calaveras County, to deposit tailings In Adobe
Gulch, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 69. Flood building, San Fran-
clsco. Cal.. on April 2. 1900. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Corcpany will be held at tbe office of the
company, ST7 Market *t. San Francisco. CaL.
en MONDAY, the 26th day cf March. 1900, at
the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose of electing
• board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of euch other busi-
ness a? may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will cloee on Friday. March 16. 1900.
at 12 in. W. IL H ANN AM. 6ecn»tarT-
GIRL for light housework. 1611 Baker st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season: handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution In the
world teaching the barber and hatrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco, New York,
8t Louis, Chicago, Minneapolis.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
THE Business Woman's Club (Incorporated),
phone South 279 ; clubrooms 20L . 203, * 203
Emma Spreckels building, 927 Market -st
This club desires to call your attention to the
fact that they can furnish you with reliable
female help for clerical positions, domestics,
eto. All help furnished free of charge.
S \NTA CRUZ Mountains, of at least 1 rooms,
with stable; Jur.e. July and August Ad-
dress F. W. V.. 114 Market St.. S. F.
BAKERY: Fine trade; larte oven: price $600.
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market st. :r.-.-.-. ¦¦¦ .
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, palmist: all you
seek to know answered, without questions;
readings this week, 25c and 600. -126 OTarreU.
YOUNG lady desires position as bookkeeper or
general offlce work; four years experience;
wholesale house preferred; references. Box
8260, Call offic*. - '" : - -•¦ '- '."
AT a R. HANSEN & CO.'S....KH GEARY ST.
Wanted Monday morning at 7:30—50 team-
sters and rockmen with blankets and lunch.
ready to start on train for the Coast Rail-
road In Santa Barbara County; free fare.
'25 muckers for a mine, T $3 10 a day; » la-
borers for railroad work near city. $2 a day:
20 tlemakers and woodchoppers: shingle saw-
yer; pondman. sawmill. $30; ; 6 farmers. »26
and $20: machine . man for a quarry. $2 50:
miners, $2 50; coopers; choreman, resort. $3);
milker. $25.....
Cook, country hotel,- $50; cook for officers'
mess, country. $50; cook's helper $30, and
potwasher, $25, for mine boarding-house;
kitchen hand and do laundry work, springs.
$30; candy-maker, .. country, $2 50 a day: 3
restaurant waiters. $40 and $45; 2 railroad
camp waiters, $25 .:.":. ......^
6 bellboys, hotels, city and country, $30, $13,
$12 50 and $10. C. R. . HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. . '
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
CaJl. corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street
corner Clay; cpen until S:SO p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CS» McAllleter street; open until l:S0 p. m.
Cl 6 Larldn street : open until »:J0 p. m.
1841 illsEion street; cpen until 10 p. m.
5261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
tmtll t p. m.
106 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until S p. m.
123 Polk street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreets; open until 9 p. m.
man- handy at bicycle work: partner;
UtUe money. Box SU9. CalL
DRESSMAKING: 1 a'; thorough > fitter -'. on tailor
• suits at $1 60 par day. 244 TajrJo* •$.--'-. .-,
CHEAPEST and best !n America— The Weekly
; £*y.' y i S o. pa sei5 ei> ' ** nt t0 any address In % the
United States, postpaid/ for 31 per year.
ALFRED .WOLLPERT. 1 77J 2 Mission st~ pays
the highest price, for your ad-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry * Co.) buys
furniture, carpets..- 757 Mission: teL Red 3368.
WOMAN -wants work by the day. washing or
: house-cleaning.. Call 611 Turk st: no postals.
NEAT girl . wishes • situation as .chambermaid;
¦ good seamstress. * Please call 1368 Sacramento.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing i goods " salesman and
¦:; window .'trimmer: * none <-, but \i first-class men
>,",need apply.",, Box 8110,' Ca11. .!..,; v, ¦..••.;-•.,....
BARBERS— CaII : Immediately ; ¦ choice ' Jobs on
j hand ; $15 \to j $18 \ wages. *J.-. J. HEINZ, em-
ployment secretary, ;B.; P. U.. 630 Market st
FURNITURE ".WANTED.
PRICE I A : ROSENBAUM ' pays spot ' cash for
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black 4074. ,V L
CHAS. ¦; LEVY ¦-' buys • your,"- furniture, '¦ carpets,
: piano. -.1135 Market st: telephone Jessie 7CL .
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60.' with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.; 1127-1181 Market
ELEGANTLY- furnished house. » rooms: bath
laundry, nice yard: permanent^ roomers
profitable Investment; 4 blocks from Market
• new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale— Furniture for 6-room flat; cheap, til
- : Geary st" .*.¦•' ¦¦¦/¦¦,::'¦' ->¦ ' -' A- :--<~: : "- •'
BARBERS' > Progressive i Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sea. 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
28 ROOMS: bath; - furniture cood ;' owner lea v-
- Ing city; cheap If sold before April 1; half the
rooms for housekeeping. 420 Sixth st
THE I Business I Woman's :; Club. • room 201. B*7
Market— A - cook : and ' meat cutter, . first-class
<¦_-. restaurant • city, r $40 : and found ; ¦„ also hotel
-¦-and restaurant help; all kinds of clerical po-
- sit Ions; open Sunday, 10 to 12.;, ¦; .
A.— sMo; SALOON aad lunchhoute; between fae-
tcries and lumber-yards; daily receipts $16;
rent $20; a snap. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market
$irr.S— GABBAGE business; $100 a month guar-
anteed; 5-room cottar*, barn and chicken
house, horse, wagon, chickens: above on
leased grounds of 2 acres. KREDO & CO.,
S2H Geary et
A— CLERK 'for city offlce.- 18 to 30 years old.
• MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st v
SPIRITUALISM.
A—nOo; CORNER grocery and bar: vicinity
Sixth and Howard sts,: living rooms; rood
buslnem: cheap rect Call R. G. WILKE.
KM Market ct
A— s4so; BALOON. with 3 living rooms: rent
C 27 60; Valencia st.; good business; bargain.
R G. WILKIi SO6 Market St.
BA-LOWER flat 726H : Harrison st. between
;\,Thlrd and Fourth: - . '
EMPLOYMENT:. WASTED KIiMALd.
THE Business Woman's Club (Incorporated),
phone South : 279; clubrooms. .. 20L 202. 20J
Emma Spreckels building, 927 Market .st
This club desires to call: your attention to
the fact that they can furnish you with re-
liable female help for clerical positions, do-
mestics, etc All help - furnished - fr«* of
charge. ¦• . - ¦ .-¦'.". '¦•/¦-- ¦:.. — .
Saleslady - wants position; ; Al >' references.
A younsr woman - desires position as I wait-
ress;, lunch and dinner preferred.' / • .
2 SUNNY rear flats of ¦ 4 rooms. $8 each, tt
Pearl st, off Market, near Valencia. .
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Eeatlng and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th st.;. tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, rogr.. 3S-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
A— $600— SALOON and lunch house: established
many years and doing a good paying busi-
ness: rent $43; best location; clo»e to Sutter
et; investigate at once; a rare chance. Call
R. O. WILKE. »06 Market st •
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment' offlce; established over five. years.
421 Post st; telephone Bush 135. • .
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
-office;, best help, fur.; cooks,' waiters, etc
Chas. Aramori, $06% Stockton; tel. John 2UL
A— s3so; CIGAR store; clearing $4 dally: splen-
did location: Market and East sts.: rent $12.
Call It G. WILKE. 906 Market st
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Offlce furnishes . best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell; bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. ISth it Valencia.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— S2OOO— CORNER grocery* and bar. with four
living rooms: rent $50; 3 years' lease; the bent
corner on Mission st; place doing a gool
paying cash buf'.necs; full \alue In eight
Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 firs and bursf-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st
8-ROOM flat/ new house. nd*th of Market
. rent $40 ........:....:.............. ...$ 400
? 14 rooms.':: corner, rent $40 ; 450
10 rooms, north of Market, rent $33...... 400
-¦ 18 rooms, housekeeping. - rent $45 425
23 rooms, good location, - rent $100 1350
26 rooms, corner, . central, • rent $115...... 1100
29 rooms. • money ' maker, ' rent. $90.....: 1200
- 86 rooms, 1 floor, all , sunny, new $50
60 rooms/; flist-olaas : and : fine..........;. 2800
- 65 rooms, fine business proposition...... 26C0
63 rooms, central, fine view.. 3soo
100 rooms. 10-cent ¦ beds, '¦ rent $50 15C0
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg. r
SAFES— New and - second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
CAPE NOME.
MODERN sunny : flat of 6 rooms and bath;
, suitable for physician. NE. corner Broderlck
? and Washington. • .¦ • -- . ' '-:¦'•' ¦¦:, <
16 ROOMS, clearing $40 a month: only $400; $150
cash, balance tn Installments; don't miss this.
• KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary st -:. ,«>..-.
FRENCH lady would like 1 or 2 children to
board; good home; near school. 410 Taylor st
WANTED— I or 2 children to board In German
family. 429 Minna st
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
FINE - cottag*. 6 rooms : and basement; near
City Hall. 113 Ash ava,: $16. , .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia tt -
ESPINA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 6S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
.....; WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
865 woodchoppers and ttemakers. $2 60, $3.
$160, $1. 75c cord. 12c,' 13c, lie, 100 each.. tools
and food advanced,* some places at gold mines
..........TO FARMS, DAIRIES. ETC..........
64 farm, orchard and , vineyard hands for. dif-
ferent places,' s26, $25, $20 and f0und............
84 milkers and buttermakers....s3o. $25 and fd
16 choremen and boys, see boss here, $25. $20,
$10 and . found: 15 scraper teamsters . for - a
large ranch, $26 and found; 6 men or strong
boys for hop ranch,' fare 5......*. ......... .....530
IN AND NEAR SAN FRANCISCO......
* drillers, churn and 5ing1e.;.:....; .....$6O
27 laborers, good Jobs. sl 75 day and $30 and fd
MECHANICAL HELP
wood . turner, '- city, , steady Job; blacksmith's
: helper, $40 and f0und...............:...........;.
engineer,- $90; 6 coopers, $3 day
IB ship carpenters. $S day; carriage trimmer, $3
¦" day; tall edger hand; $2 75 day ; band sawyer, $4
' day; blacksmith, small ctty 5h0p.... ..52 25 day
I coal buckers. $60; 6 coal miners, $3 day.;....
..... ..HERE'S A BPECIAL GOOD JOB
15 muckers for a mine, you'll suit.. s63 and fd
...HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS...
14 c00k5...... ....545. $40, $35. $30. $25 and found
19 waiters and. dishwashers, $30, $25, $20, $15.
*•¦ 9 1aundrymen....... '.545.' 840, $35. $30 and found
: milk wagon drivers, . bellboys, porters; 6 boys
for stores, factories, book stores...
- ....V...V. BAKERS AND BUTCHERS
baker.^city Job, $60: 2 butchers, $35, $30........
..FARMER AND WIFE, $35 AND FOUND..
.2 section laborers. R. R. Company $1 day
; MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st .
A— TO THE... : GOLD AND SILVER.... MINES
15 laborers, no • experience required. $48 and
found per month, 1 steady Job year round, you'll
suit ; 6 miners, single-hand work. $7$
• B men for furnace work." you'll 5uit.... 546 & fd
.-. 12 laborers,' no experience required.... s9o tt fd
SPECIAL. ..V.. ...... MURRAY : *< READY,
-, R.R. FARE 5.... ........ .634 and 636 Clay st ,
A— s3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop*
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. nr. Pine.
X 10- TON Fairbanks scale and fir* and burg*
¦ lar proof safe. 216 California st
BELGIAN hares; all ages; pedigreed stock; beet
Ptralns; no fancy prices. Staley's Babbitry,
Fcrty-»eventh and Zamora sts., Lcs Angeles.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
ELLIS, 741B— Lower modern fiat; 7 rooms and
. bath; only $20.
COFFEE and tea routes supDlled from GEO.
W; CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento st.
CI>OVER LEAF RABBITRY.
Prize-winning Belgian*, Spotted Russians, Sil-
ver Blue lirlcians and Black Belgians. t>2l
Kan Julian st. Los Anceles, CaL
EON-TON Rabbltry. S6lO Central aye., Los An-
geles. M. C. DE LATEL"LE, Prop.— Breeder
of thoroughbred Belgian hares of the follow-
ing strains: Bonanza Prince, Yukon, Sir
f-'tyles. Trinidad, etc; a fine lot of bucks and
does of breeding age always in stock at rea-
sonable j-.rices.
$500— FIRST-CLASS saloon: good fixtures; 6
private rooms; rent $55: Box 3119. CalL . .
CASH registers, second hand, of every descrip-
tion bought, sold, exchanged and repaired.
1309 Mission st, between Ninth and Tenth.
FRESH cow; 5 gallons; Al for private, family.
1731 Golden Gate aye. . . . .
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got pcsltione. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINNESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
FOR sale, cheap— Gentle family horse, buggy,
harness, robe, blanket. 1222 Steiner. cor. Eddy.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
Clces, boilers, water pipe, shaftln*. pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 218 Spear st
FIRST-CLASS oyster House for sale on account
of sickness. CO Seventh st
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071% Market St.; examinations free: German
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phone. Mint i 57 ..
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. -TARR.
expert accountant, Flood building.
WANTED— German girl or woman to assist
with children. 3452 Eighteenth st
MERRILL'S RABBITRY.
1220 A Geonria i>t. Los Angeles, CaL, headed
by PRINCE ALBERT, an English winner;
fee $10. When you purchase does In Los An-
geles Instruct your dealer to have them bred
tn PRINCE ALBERT before chipping and ad-
vir c- us cf euch. Instructions. Fine stock for
sale.
WANTED — Girl for general housework In small
family. 2836 California st.
BELGIAN HARES.
WILL exofcanire very desirable lots In Seattle,
Tacoma or Blalne, Wash., for country home
near San Francisco. A. D., box 3113. Call.
•WANTED— Hands on skirts and waists.
FRANCES. 796 Butter St.
EDUCATIONAL.
TO exchange— looxl2o : Seventh aye., entrance to
Park, terminus McAllister and Geary ¦ st
cars; value $5000; equity $2000. Box 8170, Call.
10,000 FEET good second-hand pipe, 1 to I lneb
diam.: In lots to suit - THOMPSON, 40 Main.
NEAT woman or girl for light housework and
take care of child: $10; good home. 2520 Mis-
sion st, near . Twenty-first
EXCHANGE.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams. ,
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post over O' Connor &Moff at
FOR sale— Fine double-door safs at a bargain,
14 Fifth st.
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
LATEST styles In men's tan shoes $1 60
Ladies' oxford ties, 75c; boys' chocs &5c
Baby chocs. \ory neat sizes 2 to 6 Sic
People's Shoe Store, 13C3 Stockton st
tOO PAIRS drummers' sample shoes at manu-
facturer's cost J. Kohlbecher. 145 Fourth st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st '
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary st: dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and* exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission Ft., near Third.
FRUIT and vegetable store for sale; -on ac-
count of leaving city. Apply Call offlce.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
ITO let— Cigar store with rooms for factory or
saloon for gale. "433 Fourth st. ¦
PARTNER wanted In tailor shop; $50. Apply
622 Btanyan st.
DATH CABINETS — THERMAL.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding; see It before
buying. W. S. BROWN. Coast Agt. 426 Ellis.
CORNER dear store. 87 Third st.. NE. corner
MlEflon Ft.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. .West 636.
FOR sale— A thoroughbred cocker spaniel. •
months old. Call before 13 a, nv. 110 Sum«x
st, near Glen Park.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket rt. : consultation free; no fee? In advance.
SALOON for sale cheap. . EW. corner Langton
and Harrison sts.
DR. CREELEY'S.C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
610 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
F. H. 11ERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
sumed practice at 603 Cal. St. Clunle blcjr.
BUTTER, eggs and delicacies; good stand; pay-
Ing business. 115 Sixth st - ¦ *
DOG HOSPITALS.
PARIS Exposition — Well-educated Frenchman,
familiar with European resorts and languages,
wants position as guide; references. Address
A. D.. Crockett. Cal.
AHVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
WANTED— Partner for stock ranch: land pat-
ented; owner here. Box 3198. Call. :
AN Intelligent young lady for long- hand work
at once; state salary. Box 4. Call.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st
FOR sale— 2 horse-power and % horse-power
gas engine; 12-lnch lathe milling attachment:
complete set of tools: gaspipe. 12-lnch boards.
F. W. MELLARS. ISS Douglass st
FOR Fale. cheap— Fa ylng restaurant In beat
location In city. Inquire 117 Battery tt
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, atfy at law. KO Market cor. Ptocktn.
A CASH register' for sale cheap. 1434 Howard
street
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
DELICACY and dairy produce: living rooms;
price reasonable. Inquire 645 McAllister st *
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to - know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
DAIRY and delicacy store, clearing $3 per day;
bargain; must sell; departure. J.. box 3154,
Call.
PROF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
Irtn and palmist In the world: satisfaction
puarameed *37 Golden Gate aye.
ASTROLOGY.
MIDDLE-AGED blacksmith, not In the best of
health, wants light Job helping In shop: no
shoeing; small wages expected. Address H.
WARREN. 405 Francisco st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 6 years; plates, $3: crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy st
WANTED — By trustworthy man, -capable of
taking charge and care of gentleman's resi-
dence, or as coachman; thoroughly under-
stands his business; references. S., 1023 Jack-
son st. • ¦
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery, llc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
WANTED— An experienced furniture salesman
for Sacramento. Apply 523 Market St., room.
7, between 2 and 3 D. m.
FOR rent— slo per month; coal yard; new build-
ings; first-class location; 8 Flails; large lot
RIVERS BROS.. 227 Montgomery st .•*
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
FULL set of teeth. $5: gold crowns, $3- new
methods In bridge work; filling*, gold, $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction. 60c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 9C9 Mission, cor. 6th.
WANTED— Two good trunk makers. Address
box 3166. Call offlce. I
A BRIGHT, active young lady stenographer
as correspondent for lady; home Influence
preferred; state salary expected and experi-
ence. Box 2. Call offlce.
RESTAURANT— Must be sold; opposite car-
house; 2 living rooms; party going to Cape
Nome. Apply at 6134 Natoma st.
BARBERS— Good-paying shop on water front;
a banraln. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
ENGROSSING
Resolutions and diplomas a specialty. J. W.
Griffith. Heald's Business College. 24 Post st
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper who can drive
shoes. ROBERTS, 1615 Market st .
MINING AND ASSAYING-
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 552 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
A YOUNG Frenchman of good education and
reputation, who can speak, read and write
English, wishes to go to the Paris Exposition
with an American family or somebody as an
Interpreter; moderate terms and can give good
references. Address JEAN LACLERQUE. 27
Scott place., 8. F.. Cal.
WANTED— An experienced chambermaid and
waitress; references. Call 1145 Bushst
WANTED— German girl for light housework.
517 Montgomery Bt.
DR. CONANTS Compound Vapcf Bath— Puri-
fies the blood: destroys disease germs; pro-
tects: cures; revitalizes; saves llf* and doctor
bill*: outfits for sale: agents wanted: send for
booklet AXIDROSIS. 47 Po«t at. 8. F-. Cal.
MEDICATED BATHS.
SEAMEN and green hands to go North In
steamers. 701 Battery St.. corner Pacific.
CHAMBERMAID at 62 Second st: one with
city references preferred. . Call after 8 o'clock.
AN elderly single gentleman (German) desires
an . easy position; he Is competent to take
charge of or to catalogue a library, to do any
literary work, to superintend and to keep ac-
counts of agricultural or horticultural -prop-
erty, to' take charge of a gentleman's place
in absence of owner; terms moderate. Box
3169, Call offlce.
A— DR. T. 8. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated ana filled or
' crowned without pain: plate* that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stroncer than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 60; all work
pain!<*s and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth st.
DR. WISE, tha ladles' specialist 111* Market
st; every case guaranteed: $3 up.
SITUATION wanted as gardener and florist In
first-class private place; age 32 yeara, single;
15 years* l experience in open and under glass;
good grower of roses, carnations, chrysanthe-
mums, ferns, palms; good propagator; first-
class references: disengaged April. Address^
stating wages, etc., CHAS. A. BUMGEE, Bell
Conservatory Co., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st. th« eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment $3.
COOK wanted to take restaurant boarding-
house on chares. Room 3, 954 Broadway, Oak-
land. ,
LADY partner wanted In first-class boarding-
house. Addrecs B, 615 Larkln st
DENTISTS.
FIRST-CLASS chief cook, 18 years' experience,
wife also good pastry cook, or would do
..chamber work, desire situations -together;
" spring resort preferred. Box 8149. Call, '
FOR SALE— Dairy and milk depot Box 3107,
Call offlce.
YOUNG girl to mind baby; sleep home; $10 a
month. Apply In restaurant 233 Sixth st
WANTED — Good business man to manage first-
class printing office; must have some capital.
Address H.. box SUS, Call.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
EXPERIENCED freight and passenrer eleva-
tor man and department store helper ¦ and
clerk desires any kind of work In city. • Box
8115. Call. ',
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
shoeins- business; 15 years present location:
cheap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins St.. near Geary. '
$S— COTTAGE 4 rooms; yard; respectable loca-
tion. 1705 Turk st, near Scott ;
A BAKERY for sale cheap: 26 years establish-
ed; baking 3 barrels a day; all store trade:
on one of the leading streets of the city; pro-
prietor going to Europe. Box 3108, Call.
TO LET— Cottage of 5 rooms; rent, with water,
$13. 2303 Polk st.
RENT reduced: 2405-7 Sutter st; 6 rms., bath;
large. MADISON & BURKE..
$200— HOME bakery, near large school: every-
thing sold out each day; chance for fine
candy and delicacy trade; money made here.
Apply 9 Geary, room 2.
EXPERIENCED ¦ bookkeeoer wanted: refer-
; enee and state wages. Box 3114, Call.
WANTED— A- finisher on coats; steady work.
1143 Folsom st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. United States Navy, able-bod-
led. unmarried men. of good character, be-
tween the ages of 21 and 35 years: not less
than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over • feet 1
Inch In height: must be citizens of the United
States, or persons who have legally declared
their intentions to become citizens; able to
read, write and speak English properly; tbe
term of service Is for 6 years; pay Is from
$13 to $43 per month, according to rank and
length of service: clothing, rations, quarters
and medical attendance furnished. In addi-
tion, by the Government ¦ For further Infor-
mation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco, CaL. or
630 X st. Sacramento, CaL
NICELY furnished sunny cottage of ( rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. 4247 Twenty-
fourth st. '
FOUR-CHAIR barber shop for sals; cheap.
3095 Sixteenth st. near Valenola; party going
north. ' •
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : ODen until 9 p. m.
COTTAGE,- 4 rooms: modern Improvements.
C 69 Walnut aye., near Post and Octavia.
A— s-ROOM Eastlake' cottage (very cozy); re-
duced to $12. „ SPECK & CO., 667 Market st
DRS GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge: guaranteed
treatment $5: safe and reliable cur« In ono
day; 15 years' successful practice In 8. F.j
maternity home; low fees. 1007H Market st
COTTAGJES TO LET.
BARBER to run a one-chair shop. Inquira at
Call offlce.
MEDICAL.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 250 to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $6
1 week, convenient and respectable; free bus
-. and baggage to and from ferry. ¦
$COO— SALOON on Turk st: fine fixtures; good
trade. Liquor Dealers' Journal, 639tt Cali-
fornia st.
GOOD waiter wanted. Apply at 134 Third
street. » .'
MME. SYBILLE-^Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
GOLD watch, going from St Patrick's Church
to Mount Calvary Cemetery. Pleas* return
to 343 Jessie- st and receive reward.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
YOUNG lady desires offlce work of any f kind;
best of references. Address 1924 Myrtle st,
Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS saloon; b!g trade; cheap If sold
at once; only responsible party will receive
Information. Liquor Dealers' Journal, SS9H
California st
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S. 418 Powell st. 1 Ger-
| man cooks, $30 each; cook, country hotel, $35.
far* paid. . • ,
WHITEWASHING; two active men wanted.
Apply early. 1409 Jacicson st, near Hyde.
Lost— Brown water Spaniel bitch Nelly: whits
spot on breast: collar with tag No. 2770 L Re-
ward at 2313 Pine street. .
LOST— A diamond scarf pin at Chutes Sunday]
$10 reward at 2617 Sacramento st
"WANTED— Piano-player for Salinas. Apply at
Billy Abbott's, 416 Dupont bet 10 and 12 a. m.
AN experienced person wishes a situation cook-
¦ Ing or downstairs work, or would do general
¦ housework; references. 1748 Larkln st. .
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken. 921 Vi Mission, op Mint.
BARBER wanted: young man with 2 years' ex-
perience. 904 Bryant st. near Seventh.
LOST— On Leavenworth st.. bet Eddy and
Ellis, gold eye glasses. Return to 1333 La-
guna st: rewartL
A WOMAN with a child. $15: second girl. $25;
waitress. $20; cook, $30; laundress, $30; two
second girls, $20 and $15; mother and daugh-
ter, $40; a number of girls and women for
country, good , wages. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
CHESTER CARLETON. magnetic healer and
niassage trratmt. 1382 Market,. rat. 27 and 28.
$500— PARTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
ness: staple jroods: large profits. For par-
ticulars Fee Mclaughlin & CO:. 77.H
Market st.
LOST AND FOUND.
J4SO— CORNER saloon: bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market st.
AMERICAN woman wishes position as working
housekeeper; olty or country; best of refer-
ences. MRS.' LISTON, 1926 Market it -
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Position as nursery governess by
refined young 1 German girl ; best of refer-
ences. Box 8189. Call branch, Oakland.
MEETING NOTICES.
$500— WOOD and coal, hay and grain business;
bargain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton St., near Larktn.
CORNER grocery and bar; must sell: estab-
lished 30 years. DBCKER, 1020 Market Bt.
NEAT reliable girl desires nlc* steady place;
city or country; moderate wages; no postals.
908k O-Farrell st. ' ¦ ' ¦' : "
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; all you
seek to know answered, 7 without questions;
satisfaction; readings 50c and $1. 126 O'Farrell.
COMPETENT dressmaker; late from th« East;
only, for children's dresses;; $1 25. Bend let-
ter or call at (61 Geary st ,
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A-PARTNER In 28-room h0u5e.. ;..... ....511«>
20 rooms on Turk st |™
S-room new flat; elegant •"• f~X
18 rooms on 1 floor; near Call offlce 550
37 rooms; on Howard St.; only $300 cash.. 400
SO rooms; line sunny corner: on one floor. 900
X rooms: on -Market St.; worth $1200 800
JO rooms; on Macon st; payments 450
C 5 rooms: on Bush st: clears $250 ZSOO
30 rooms; on Kearny st; grand bargain.. 2000
36 rooms; on. Market st; payments ISOO
W). 40 and 125 rooms; boardlne-house.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN J.L
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, 335 McAllister; spiritual
readings dally; test clr. to-night Thurs. at t.
YOUNG man wants position; good_ horseman,
gardener, and milker; handy with all kinds
.- of tools: references. Box 3113.' Ca11. \-t
G.R. HANSEN & CO...;;. PHONE GRANT, 185
„.. ..HOTEL DEPARTMENT..; ......••
I waitresses, Fresno, free fare.- $2O; < 3 wait-
resses. ! San Jose. $20; 10 waitresses, different
country hotels, $20; 3 waitresses, ¦ city, $50 ; 3
; 'chambermaids, $20; 3 chambermaids to wait
$20; woman cook, $30; fancy lroner.- -. .
...... FAMILY DEPARTMENT-.
Cook for Alameda, $25, see party here; middle-
aged woman for country, see party here, good
- home, $12; French girl for general housework.
Half moon Bay, $20; Swedish girl. 3 In family,
for Belvedere, $20; . housegtrl and cook for
Menlo Park, $25; 2 German cooks, $25; 6 second
¦ girls and nursegirls; 25 houseglrls, city, $25.
; C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— PRINTED, list: houses to let: send for clr-
cularT G. iPUMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
EMPLOYMENT WAWTED-^FEMAXE.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
HOUSES TO • LET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1900. .
SPIRITUALISM.
BOY for pants underpraaser. BELASCO *
HARRIS CO., 641 Market St. . '
BRO\DWAY, ISOS— 6 rooms, bath, laundry; fine
marine view; rent $3>.
MRB. LESTER circles Mon. and Frl., 8 p. m.;
10c; readings 25c and 50c. 116 Fourth st:
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Mkt. bet. 10th & 11th—
Clr. Mon. Sp. m., Thur.- 2 p. m.,250; sit daily.
HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; large yard; rent
$141 3215 Nineteenth st.. near Folsom.
WANTED-Ladles I addresses | that writer I may
call : and prove the genuineness of bust •¦ de-
veloper; If not as represented money refund-
ed r the same for hair and scalp treatment
Box 3103. Call office, ' • .¦•-¦-¦- ¦¦ ¦; '
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test business
medium, life reader: sitting. $i. 1104 Market.
PACIFIC Heights. 2321 Broadway, near Scott:
12-room house: fine marina view; larg»
grounds. ; "~-? ¦
REAR house of 5 rooms. Inquire at 663 Ellis
street 4 '
TO let— House of S rooms; $3. IKS York tt,
. near Twenty-second. . -¦ ¦
TWO waitresses, Sacramento, $26 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st %
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
TEN rooms, bath, gas and water; *J«o °n* cot-
tag*, connected. 3 rooms; good '°^iloJii l0 Ji' m 54 r
particulars address or apply to MRS. VBli-A.
Petaluma aye.. San Rafael. Cal.
$350— BUTTER and eicrg route: cood horse and
wagon. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777V> Market.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c. • ¦
HOUSEWORK by a neat clean and reliable
woman; city or country. 214 Fifth at . . -
TWO nurses (male) for Institution In country.
$30 a month and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
$3CO— BUTCHKR shop.' horse and wagon; bar-
cain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777^4 Market st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader:
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st, r.12.
EXPERIENCED Swedish girl: good cook and
general housekeeper r city references. Call
from 11 to 8, 1060 Howard St., room 6.
BARBER— Steady man; good shaver. 6-3 Clay
street." . ¦•
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. ZilV, Sixth st.
THE BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB.
• ' ROOM 202. 927 MARKET
Girl for second work $15
Girl . chamber work, wait at table, must be
neat $15
Child's nurse, help sew : $20
Neat girl, cook and : housework, ¦¦ 3 In family,
flat *....... ;....
Woman," 30 to 40, ¦ good cook, general house-
. work, no outside work... $25
Girl general housework, neat. 2 In family.. sls
Pantry woman, must be thoroughly compe-
tent, 30 'to 45......;.....;,.......... .....$3O
YOUNG German to wait at table and help In
kitchen.- 1241 Market st
YOUR future told by cards, 28c 944 Howard
St.. 10 a. in. to 10 p. in.
jjjiOO— RESTAURANT and bar; best location; no
nifcht work: cheap rent: long lease; daily re-
ceipts 565-$7O; stands investigation. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. 529 Vi California St.
YOUNG woman desires position as working
housekeeper, or . would take charge of select
rooming house. Box 3101, Call of floe.:
MMR AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
WANTED— A strong boy. not under 18 years.
84 and 36 California st ; no small boys wanted.
WANTED— Nurse girl, who thoroughly under-
stands ¦¦ care of children and accustomed to
living out. Apply 233 Third aye.; take Geary
or Sutter-st.* cars.
WANTED— First-class waist and skirt hands
and Improvers.., Call bet. 8 and 9. 330 O'Far-
. • rell st.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers
Journal. S39H California- st. room 1.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
$150— 4-CHAIR barber shop; good business:
cheap rent: leaving city. Address box 3117.
Call.
YOUNG girl, general housework In flat * 426
Scott st. . .
WANTED— GirI to work In restaurant as wait-
ress. 3 Howard st. near East *
$3£O— PARTNER wanted; established busi-
ness; suited to plain, steady man, satisfied
with $1S to $20 weekly: no experience re-
quired: trial given before buying. 9 Geary
Et.. room 2.
DR O W CDONNELL. the worl4-renown«a
ladles'* specialist: safe and reliable: has Prac-
ticed in S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can Vi usjd at
home; consultation free: success 1 juaraataed.
Write or call at 1023H Market at.
GIRL wanted ' for general housework. Apply
1528 McAllister st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers, buttonhole makers and
apprentices on custom coats. ' 641 Market st
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. Chla*. ta*
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento «fc. cor-
ner of . Kearny; all diseases «n<l *"«««•
cured exclusively by Chinese herb* and , teas;
advlco free: offlc* hours. 10 a. m, to IS no.,
2 to 6 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
GIRLS for finishers on coats; steady place. 239
Fourth st. -
A PERSON going to Chicago will assist Inva-
lid or will take. charge of. child over 4 years
for part fare; responsible. Address M. C. R.,
258 Minna st. ' - -
WANTED— First-class finisher on - custom
coats. Apply 915% Sutter st.
MRS DR WYETH, reliable specialist: homa
In confinement : guaranteed treatmentat «f»
flee, $5; any ailment: consultation fxs*. HI
Post st. between Hyda and Larkln.
WANTED — Experienced atmrentlce on custom
coats. " 410 Kearny St., room 20.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' spedallat-Ouar-
anteed treatment at offlce $5: saf» and re-
liable; consultation free. 1123 Market st. b«t
Mason and' Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to » p. m.
WANTED— Solicitors; good Inducements to
men who will work. Call mornings between
8 and 9 o'clock. Tuesday and Thursday even-
Ing, between 7:30 and 9 o'clock. 300 Post st,
'corner Stockton. .-
WAITRESS: also woman aa kitchen help. An.
ply at 44S Third st
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated: lats scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. $3.
WAITER who Is also good barber would like
summer resort Job. - Box 3112, Call.
WAITRESS wanted at 207 Third st, Chicago
restaurant. •
TAILORS— First-class ladles' tailor wanted on
Jackets and waists; must be rapid and pro-
ficient In details. Apply to STEIN. SIMON
& CO.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market ladlesf »P«sl*J-
lst: guaranteed treatment at office. $Jisaf»
and reliable; consultation free; hours lJ~t» 8.
FOR sale— Stationery and picture business In
one of the best cities In California; established
19 years; other Interests demand all owner's
time. Particulars from A. H. VAIL of San-
born. Vail & Co.. 745 Market St.. S. F.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady city Job.
1710 Post at. \_ >
GIRL between 13 and 15 to mind' baby; sleep at
home. 768 Harrison st.
WAITRESS . for home restaurant Call 619
Post st
GROCERY, stock and fixtures: lot 60:3x135: on
£hattuck aye., Berkeley: worth $3600; sacri-
ficed for $2500: fine location. See Geo. Schmidt.
Berkeley, or Lyon & Hoag, 114 Montg'y. S. F.
GIRL to do cooking and housework. 1622 Geary
St.; morning.
RESTAURANT for sale; come and see. 34
Eighth st
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— PrIvats homa
In confinement 1312 Golden Gata ay.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body, lli Mason st
FOR sale cheap to responsible party— Grocer/
and bar; established 15 years; full value In
stock; pays $100 net per month.
HARPER & KREIGER. 312 Examiner bldg.
SMART, experienced collector: Industrial In-
surance. R. RALPH. 405 Montgomery st, r. 6.
WOMAN to do general housework; girl to
assist with children. 1304 Post st.
TAILORS, notice— Shop for sale cheap. 1026
Hyde st. near California.
$600— PARTNER retiring, wanted another: lady
preferred: handsome restaurant: good business
and location: or will sell or exchange. Box
3104. Call office.
$3000 WILL buy Al cigar store; central location;
uptown; all-night trade: long lease ;" good for
wholesaler or retailer; 111 health cause of sell-
Ing. Box 2153. Call. »¦*- •
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
ATTENTION— LadIes or gents, old established
business and patent right for sale; big profits.
Address A. H. N.. box 3152, Call office.
PAINTER, paperhanger and decorator with
complete outfit' of tools wants work; Is a
thoroughly efficient, reliable mechanic; best
references: I can save you 25 per cent on reg-
ular shop price; will work by day or contract;
city or country. Painter, 966 Folsom st '•
YOUNG German girl to do general housework;
small family. 3172 Twenty-first st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. bet Ist and 2d sts.
3 CHOICE saloons, 2 groceries and bar; bar-
gains this week. SHWEINHARD &. CO., 917
Market st, rooms 1 and 2.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles', children's
and Infants' wear; 15 apprentices. 1025 Mar-
ket st \
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
years' practice: Examiner bldg..
$KA— BAKERY, notions; laundry and papers:
laundry and papers pay rent; sickness. Box
17,- Call office.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission »t
LADY retoucher for country gallery; must b«
good; state experience and balary expected.
Address Photo, box 3SS, Chico, Cal.'
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket;. 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
YOUNG woman for cooking and housework;
small: family; references. 1241 Leavenworth.
ANOTHER Smith premier typewriter: No. 1
make; fine order: bargain. ¦ L. & M. ALEX-
ANDER. 110 Montgomery, st
MEYER, Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
exL. crowns, brldgework: open Sund. till 12...
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth. .'
HOUSE painter, paperbanger, whltener and
decorator wants work; has complete outfit
tools.' MKRIGAN, 1303 Webster st. ; phone
Jackson 1321.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. ,G.
. YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
WANTED— Woman for situation; one accus-
tomed to managing her own affairs. Box 3193,
Call.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc. : B 'graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. Sj>o Market
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard.
FIRST-CLASS finishers, buttonhole makers and
apprentices on custom coats. Call to-day, be-
i tween 10 and 13 o'clock, at 541 Market st
PRIVATE secretary to lady or gentleman; po-
citlon wanted: references, etc Address box
•3179, Call. . : . .-.?-.
WILL pay one month's salary for position; no
canvassing. Box 490, Oakland P. O.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole . makers
and apprentices. 509 Kearny st, room 2.
WANTED— A waitress In restaurant 113 Turk
street. ...
$2S SO-COMPUTING scale, revolTtnj platform:
Fairbanks counter scale, beam and bras*
scoop, nickel plated; cigar case, cheap. SCI
Turk st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH offlce for tha reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has bean opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until » p. m.
YOUNG girl to mind two email children: small
I wages but good home. Apply 1237 Howard st
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: sewing de-
partment open to alLdurlng March. 103 Post.
A LARGE gasoline launch: mait b* tn rood
condition. Apply to R. HERMAN. Harbor
View Park. -_
A* BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
S. F. Dressmaking; Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
A— ANEROID barometer for $7 60; cost $13.
Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
DRESSMAKERS— Fitter and maker on tailor
skirts. Address, stating experience and salary
expected, box 3106. Call offlce.
DRESSMAKERS— First-class sklrtmakera. 616
Sutter st. • ¦ .
FINEST saloon In Santa Cruz; very popular
and paying; old established trade. WEST-
ERN LAND CO.. 640 Market st -*-:-*.
FOR cale — Saloon: suitable for man and wife;
on account departure. Box 3087, Call offlce.
12-H. P. marine gas engine, complete: 6-H.P.
marine gas engine. H. S. White. 614 Mission,
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine: good con-
dition: complete: cheap. 1915 Mission St.
near Fifteenth.
FOR sale— Old-established grocery and bar;
good location; long lease; good opportunity
for one or two young men; no agents. Ad-
dress box 3122. Call offlce.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Poet St.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, •» English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new 80-page catalogue free.
FOR SALE — Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. . DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. ay.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C BENTHAM. 1832 Market st
200 HORSES from Canty's ranch at .the Sun-
set Horse Market. IS6 Valencia st. /
AYRES', leading business college, 723 Market;
Individual instruction; bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Swltzei's
Hone Market. Twelfth and Market sts.
COMPANY promotion Is our specialty: we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.t1.C0.. 220 California St., r. 5-7.
' FLATS TO LET. .
A— NW. COR. Sutter and Scott— Finest flat in
' ctty for the price; Investigate; 6. large rooms
I and large glazed porch: appreciated If seen.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $3 50. BACIOALUPt.
• 933 Market st. San Francisco.
A— BRAND new 4 and 5 rooms; grand .view.
1421 Green st, near Van Ness aye..
ROUTE cf 844 papers on this paper for sale.
Box •, Oakland Postofflce.
A 'FINE suit, $10; dress pants, $3 75. BROW^J
BROS. CLOTHING. 437 Montgomery st
ELEGANT sunny flat; 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wil-
low aye., near Laguna st. , •. .
AUTOMATIC sewing machine; oak woodwork;
latest attachments: cheap. 143 Sixth st
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve. ; est. 1*64.
VAN DER' NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
CLASSES in German, French, Spanish; $2 per
month. 609 Taylor st., bet. Post and Sutter.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission; violin, guitar.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO. ...22H GEARY ST.
Money. to Loan at Low Rates
9-roora flat: newly furnished; central $400
9 rooms; Howard st; a snap 200
10 rooms; nicely furnished; -cheap 600
10 rooms; new and. good; profitable 1000
16 rooms; new and good; profitable... 900
25 rooms; modern corner; offices „. 2700
. 10 rooms; fine corner; central; only 400
37 rooms; best in city; clears $175 ISOO
106 rooms; modern; with elevators 5500
10.000 FEET new rubber belting, half prlc*.
ROBT. BRAND & CO.. 627 Third St. Oakland.
CLASSES In German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Flat of 3 rooms: - rent
'¦ $12 60. . '
SUNNY new f1at, ,8409 Sutter st: 7 large rooms
and tat h; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON
.-¦ & BURKE. ¦: .- , ¦ •¦-_¦ :¦ • • . -¦-;.- ¦--¦•¦ :
SAFES, new and second hand, all sizes. THQ
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor; S locomotives. 220 Freniont
EOILERS. engines, drill presses, plane*, lathes.
Iron & woed: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 B*al».
TWO beautiful sunny, flats, upper 7 rooms and
. bath, rent $30; lower 6 rooms and bath, rent
- $7 CO; large yard; fine basement; 2414 - Pine
st, near Btelner; open to-day; most desirable
. flats In the Western Addition for the price:
. strictly modern and In perfect condition.: G.
H. UMBBEN & CO., 14 Montgomery at >
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st
TO LET— A flat of 3 sunny rooms. 8 Golden
.'oourt, off Sacramento st, near Learenworth.
NICE 12-room house. Ellis, near Jones, $150; 11
rooms, nice furniture, ' Geary st, $600. C D.
DAVIS, room 69. 916 Market st.
TWO • sunny ¦ modern' flats,' 5 rooms" and - bath
¦ ' each; rent $20 and $25. v 971 Golden Gat* ava.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 416 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
2 HANDSOME flats of 7 rooms and bath;: cor-
ner. 300 Scott st; sun all day. : ¦¦' ' •:
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4T.3 Stevenson st.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
65 ROOMS :- flrst floor offices; new furniture;
clears $400 per month;; rent* $350; elevator:
. sunny corner; $6500: nice respectable house (no
transient). C. D. DAVIS, rm. 63. 916 Market.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
B«"t help. 414>4 O'Farrell ft.: tel. Eaat'426. I
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid aft 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
MONEY to loan. IV4 to 2H per cent for private
parties; will figure your loans cheaper than
any one. C. D. DAVIS, room 69, 916 Market
6-ROOM sunny flat; rent $14. Wls Mission or
,844 CapD-st-: ..sfsAamm^BmtißmammßaSt
$14— WORTH $18; flat of B rooms and bath.:. 1417
Pacific aye.; near Hyde. - • .-- " -
SPECIAL BARGAINS — : _
21 rooms; Mission st; reduced to ........ $soo
40 rooms: sunny corner; a bargain ...... S',o
60 rooms; corner; must sell 2000
105 rooms: corner: clears $175 .";.... 1000
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
$18— LOVELY flat of ' 4 nloe rooms and bath j
nice view. 292 Third aye.. corner Clement;
; take Sutro cars. •¦:• -'-¦•. v.>. -'.¦?>: ,c--'vv £'-¦'-::'¦¦ ¦
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th« Weakly
s Call. 1 18 • pages, sent to - any address ; In ths
; United States ;or Canada ¦< one < year j, for :$L
postage paid. - ¦ ' - >¦¦¦•¦ - - '•' '-' -¦"-¦•¦•
A COMPETENT French second girt desires sit-
uation; best of references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. *
M. MacLEOD'S specialty Is buying, selling and
.exchanging lodging-houses; If* you have such
*: business it will pay you to call at 1706 Market
near Tenth. -With Q. W.-H. PATTERSON.
$0 ROOMS : newly . furnished throughout ; " good
location; transfer point: cheap rent; this is a
great bargain If sold . Immediately. RIVERS
BROS., 227 Montgomery st
AT the Swedish and ' German Employment Bu-
reau, a number of first-class girls . await
~ eituations. MRS.' NORTON, 813 Sutter st 1
; ; ' FURNITURE FOR SALE. :
NEW i furniture " of ' a ' 6-room flat; piano, • ma-
chine; everything < complete for housekeeping ;
r price $300: rent $16. Box 3181. Call offlce. .
REFINED German: understands good sewing,
cooking, housework, ' like - position; second
work In lodging house/ hotel, or housekeeper;
wages no object Box 8116. CalL. . .-.-
RESPECTABLE girl wishes a place- to assist
. with housework - and • care of . children. ¦ r'nif
2520 Twenty-fourth St. .: .. . :. ¦;•?; ' «;-,•
WANTED— Boy, *16 to ' IS years old, to S- attend
''soda-water fountain.. Inquire 810 Market st,
¦.' bet.: 1 and 3 p. m. ; : :
WOMAN wishes place to do general housework;
I city or country; good cook; moderate 'waxes.
32S Minna st..-.-.v.<. ' ' . ¦¦¦ -:"•¦ ¦ '..- . -U>- <
$1200— GRAND chance ; » corner ; 32 < rooms ; 10-*
rent; must sell; Address 411 Sansome. rm. 27.
$175-LODGING^ house of 11 rooms ; Third st
Address box 1167, Call offlce. "
BARGAIN— Rooming-house, 24 s rooms* house
if' f ull ; » cheap rent.- 5 640 Howard , sf • -
8<-OTTAGB for sale; 1527 Forty-firth avnnue. 1
hlock south of G. O. Park; fine ocean view;
no trouble from drifting -sand: lot 25x120; I*
jarce rooms; closet' Ja each room; 7-foot base-
s^-ct: Attic; $3&
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
* 27 and 1» Blfth st-^.Tel." South, 167.". j?
lUHCBAL piBXOTORI AND IMBALMSSB.
: .Finest Equipment at Modert'a Rates.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor «t.; near Market— An
up-to-date flreprocf building; "elevator: >"new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
seabatus; suites and single rooms.
SHERMAN Apßrtment House, 28 Eighth St.;
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR. ClO-^-Kunny furnished rooms; gas and
-running water; quiet house. , . ,-. ¦;¦-¦ ¦ '>- ,'
A— DAVIU STERN & SONS,
Heal Estate Ag»nts, 11 Montgomery «t.
$C«>— Rents H'S; Z modern flaw; .-Webster, et/
14300— fc45 Castro Ft.; 6 rooms and bath; easy
terms: a Jaargaln; 25x105. __.
?KiOO— Mnet be sold; 3 modern flats; Broderlck,
Tf-ir Grove; rent* J45; 2JxIOO.
CotWgcs in all parts of the MISSION. AND
WESTERN ADDITION on easy terms to suit
purchaser. ' '
HICB mtUBJ corner 0-rocin bay-window cottage;
' almost new; large stable ; streets graded and
**wered 14ffl ghotwell »t.; take Ft>lsom-st.
oar get o« at Preclta aye.. 1 block up.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
I '¦-'¦ (Bucoe«»or« to Flannagan & Gallagher).
rUNERA L DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
? M Fifth at/,- opposite Lincoln School. -
: .¦ ; ¦ V-'.- :¦'¦.':'. ¦ Telephon* South $0. • r ; ;: '¦¦¦ '¦¦
BIRTHS— MARmAGES— DEATHS.
. Birth, marriage ;i and death notices i sent ; by
mall will not be inserted/They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the : name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have. the same published.
...¦B0RN.. : ;?;;:-\. ".:-. >U
ANDERSON— In this city, • March 23,' ! 1900, to
¦•¦- the ' wife ' of A.* O. s Anderson/a daughter. ' ,
REAL ESTATE CITV — FOR SALE.
.* C 67 Market «.. opiiosite Kearny.
"j2OO,COO— M*rket st.; 2 frontage*; pay* 4 per
„., rir* (ti old -Improvement.
cc £ 0 S^_7jrand corner: 75 feet front; half block
<r^m Market et.. not far Irora 6th; rent* $300.
I-?0OU-Rare investment; vicinity Powell and
<>ary etis • 4-Ftory brick building; stores aa,;
lodartne houw> above: 36 fecj front.
•il o<V-Oorner; rent* $409; modern improve-
n»nt*: lot &UXISS feet. • *¦
' t*-6 s«>— Kear E«idy and Jone« *t*.; *tore and
-6 riirru! above; modern; pay 1 per cent net.
ZH ««— Taylor «t.. near Kddy.
* f 2<iooo— i^ixth ft. ; T5 feet front; rents JT4OO
yearly pood bull<U!#r: 4 etorea.
ft>4oo— Six elrrant new flat*; lot BOxIOO feet;
ell rented f° r JS* a month; crand bargain.
rrcif>— Six cood flat*; rent* *»60 yearly; down-
triwn; lot to feet front. *
JSOGO— Thr^e choice Catp; Hayes et.; mortgage
K«iio: a eriar. vj;
j22T,o_Ccrner etor* and 6-room nat; rent *37;
f i»rr*c i oc v re .
?2Sf«— l'our ftata, within few block* of Ninth
end Market sis.; recta 135.
fITSO— Two Rice flate; rents fl6 50.
ITiO— £lx room* and lot 4ixT2 feet.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. €67 Market «t.
ELAND'S eecond-hand clothing store. 79 Mnth:
full value given for ladles*, children s cart-on
clothing, trunks, etc. Phone. Howard 11S2.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 131fi Linden St.. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
'Christian Ruhland to Elizabeth Rnhland, lot
on NW corner of Thirty-second and ¦ Point
Lobos avenues. W 120 by N 100: gift.
Same to Same, lot on W line of < Thirty
second avenue. 100 3 of Clement street, S 200
by W 120; gift
Same to same, lot lon SE corner of Thirty
third avenue and Clement street. S 100 by B
120; gift. '
Same to same, lot on E line of Thirty-third
avenue, 100 N of Point Lobes avenue. N 200
by E 120; glf t. '¦*»'
Harry D. M. Cobb to David Cobb. lot oa
V line of C- street. 57 W of Fifteenth avenue.
N ttl:», W 25. 8 121:2. E 23; $SOO. • .
Judah Boas to Annie Lemas, lot on VT line)
of Thirty-first avenue. 230 8 ef J Btreet. S 51
by W. 120: also lot on N Un« of X street.
82:6 --W' of Thirty-second avenue, ff 50 by X
John H. and Ellen G. Grady'to Falrmount
Loan Association, lot i.' block 3. Do Boom,
Tract ** $10. P'^^swHß^pMßjspl
Margaret I. Schutte to John A. Schutt*. lo«
on S line of Naples street. 200 SW of China,
8W 23 ' by SE 100. lot 1. block ; M. Excelsior
Homestead; gift. " >
Hanora Brown to Mary Boyle, lot on WUm
of Chenery street, 238 N of Roanoke. NB 2S by
XW 100, block 6. Falrmount: gift.. > -
Bronlslawa Krysiak (Baseckl) to Adam A.
Kryslak. lot 3. block. S. IVirSc Lane Tract No.
r'jft.i T*. . and Louise M. Harding , to California
Title Insurance and Trust Company, lots 1 to
4 block 3«, Sunny side; $10.
Jacob and Una Heyman'to Alexandrine D.
Leblanc, lot on -SB corner of Broad and Ori
zaba streets. ,E 75. S 10O.E 23. S 23. W 100, N
125 block F, Railroad, Homestead: $10.
Alexandrine 'P. "Leblanc to Alfred Desban.
same; * - • .
«Jean lender to Frances C. Priest, lot eom
menclnglOO W of Alpine street and 75 N o?
RHley. W to Buena' Vista avenue. NW to lot
1 E SO:C',4. S 25 to beginning, portion of lot 1.
block B. Spreckels* subdivisions of -blocks A.
B and D. Park Hill Homestead Association No.
; ' John' A. and Mary il. 1 Buck. Henry." Catherine
M Nicholas- and Matilda Ohlandt to Edward
Simons, lots 1 to 14, block 8, . Floche and Rob
inson subdivisions: $10. ,¦-'¦¦ ¦ , .
Same to G. Stagnaro. lot on SB corner of
Bacon * and ¦ San > Bruno streets. E 200. S 100.
Wi 100. S 75, ' W 100, N 173.- lots 10 to M. block
I>, Haley purchase, W of and adjacent to Bud
son Tract; $10.'JWIiMgpW*M»*WsMsM^Eps>gl
* Masonic , Cemeterr '¦ Association to Martin
Kelly, lot 2. «ection 15.' Masonic Cemetery; $103.
.'¦>' Jonn^McElhlnny *(by John Lackmann, ¦ Sher
iff) to Hlbernia Savings and Loan ¦ Society.^ lot
on N line of. Vallejo street. 100 Wot Larktn.
W 25 by N 120: $10,039. <4HHMHMMg
George Golden to R. McCoUan. same; $10
Louis A. « and ' EmIIIe < Hufschmldt to - Cella>
Heimann ¦ lot •on N line of '¦ Page street .-« gl:3
E of Scott.E.2s by N 10O; $10. ".. -
Mary G. - Brunn ' (wife > of . A. O.) >to G«org9
r - Long " lot on E*llne ot Clayton , street. -73
S "of Hayes. S 25 by E 106^3; «<>•.-¦
- James N. and ' Sophie Patton ¦to ¦ Charles C.
Kineey, lot on s- W line of Cole street. 135 N
of>Halght.iN 25 by W 106:3: $10. -. „
Jeremiah F. . Sullivan fto Home Investment
Association, lotion <BW- corner of '.Turlc and
Ptanvan : streets.^-W . SO. ' S ,' 127:6. E »:7H. ¦ NR
<>9-S>4 N 64:11: -also lot* on >w corner^of P
street ¦ and Thirtieth ; avenue.'- S 800 by W Jtt;
$10 . Jlfity" ij(lllPiww» t >*ii>T' "*f "irTtsawMMiisii
" Francis ,T/ and; Beatrice Shea to same, sama
(two . pieces). l^ quitelatm deed: • $10: ¦¦ ¦
M Crrarles L. and Hl y F. Tllien to C\ t y Street
Improvement Company, J lot an |SE eornar of
Eighteenth . street /and Treat ¦ avenue, S 187 ,by
E 57:9;' $10. *'-*J*^^t^*"* : *^'?- J £<£ : £ l P ii V* c *aEJO^- i £3^vr ;l
-;¦; ¦ Julia' 1 E. > Bush" to , Eugenlo and Ross, sf arzo.
rerecord ' 1430 . d 10S. lot ¦on N - llnm ¦< ot > Oreen
street, 20 Eof Green place, E JO by N 57:6;
tin.; .' .' '¦ ----.- ¦ ...
I^>W. BFLLE — Oudry, photographlo Paris-
lenne. Entrance on Thirteenth st., near Wash-
ington, Oakland. _^__
THE best corner lot south of University of Cal-
ifornia, with elegant modern 8-room houee.
M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
LEDERER'S special «ale of elegant $4 switches
for j: IS for Monday, only one day; latest hair
ctylea. 25c; make a specialty of. «treet wlga.
G. LEDERER, IS3 Stockton St. ¦ ' .
TURK, 127— Large sunny rooms for housekeep-
ing. $3 a month; ctove; running , water; also
sinrle rooms. ' •
' " BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
NEW houses to rent; adjacent to the university
grounds; 8 and 9 rooms, with all the latest
Improvements; In th« very best part of bepu-
tlful Berkeley. MASON & McLENATHEN.
adjoining Postoffice, Berkeley station.
MODERN house of 7 rooms and bath; rent
$16 60. 2103 Clement aye.
Sun . rif>es.... .' ..,.6:05
Sun . 5et5...... — ....8:27
Moon rises.; 2:57 a. in.
FOLSOM, 834 — 2 large eunny connecting house-
keeping rooms; stove, closets, bath; private;
$10 month.
KINE Fischer A Eteinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1018 Van Nes« aye.. nr. Geary st.
J. W. HORN. 812 Main St.. Petaluma; real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free list of Sonoma County bargains.
$350— 165 ACRES in Sonoma County; plenty
wood and water; 3Vi mile» from railroad.
ISOI Devlsadero it.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
11KAL ESTATE COIXTUV For Sale
ANNOUNCEMENT.
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyer* of country lands to tome bargains in in-
come producing orchards, vineyards, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures, that we have for sale. Our Mr. Bush,
having had 40 years' knowledge and experience
of the valu* of lands and being the owner of an
Income producing orchard and vineyard, can in-
telligently direct Intending buyers to the bett
lands and bargains In the State. Call or writ*
for what you want.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
David Bush, Manager Country Department.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
MODERN 7-room residence; Broderlck St., nr.
the Park; In perfect order; low terms. Ad-
dress box 4483. Call office.
A LARGE NTMBER OF FIXE BARG\IVS
IN STEIXWAT. "AKUAIAS
, W KBER.
I.IIK KERING.
11A1. l;S BROS..
L^LL, & NG^ TS -
The Ha^a^BTn^it^ 1^ 08 -
Recently Purchased by U«.
ce o Q R-^¥^^wA A^;
BTRON MAUZY.
308 POST ET.
HAVK you real estate In the Mission or Hom-
er's Addition that you with to dispose of
then call on W. J. GL'NN. 630 California »t.
LOTTEBY ' DBA WING.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;;CAXL V^M^ 19Qp.
No. rri».|Xo. . Pri*e.|No. Priie.
82093.. ...... 20 62200..'. 2062111 20
62342... 40 62413 20i«2613 20
62751... '40 62760........ 100'CZT51;. ..".... 2\J
63305..:..;.. '• 600;62554. .//.... 2O|63rt» 40
83227... '40 63504 20|63558 ?>
63605........ 4i)!636;* 20i63710... 20
63833 20 635««.. ..'.... »>(k»l3 4<>
63*33 2O;84O1»... -1U06J235 2>>
64321 4'Vg4534 4084553 *>
64673........ 20 84743 20J61744 t>
64944 20 84983 40iryn9 • 7>
65028 20J«111.. ...... lfl*V«slt9 2(»>
•5167 -¦ 40 85308 20|65489 4>
«3402 20 65*67 30 65783 2D
«5790 2066153 *>;6SUB 21>
««237 20 6*283 20i6«!58 V>
W»i 2065408 20,««H77 *>
66509 - iO'«B92S 20'8700ft... ?>
67C«1 -20,67077 *)i«7113... . 2">
8712<i 2067317. 2-V67472......./ *>
67436..; 20[«7914 10067915. +>
67J29 40 67330 40 65215 O
65227 20 65502 40 «Sm 100
199(3/.'..:.:. 20169048 4'> ! 69223 40
«325S 205J417 29 69540 40
83573 1. : X) 69635........ J0,6W48.. »
63*>62.. ...... J0i63741... 2069772... S>
69543 40-89888 20|8n9<3 2O
83982 200,70217 1C0|7n346 30
70464 20(70499 20!70504 100
70546 20:70662 . 20J7W81 2O
7069«... 40|7083S 20170950 4i>
71203 3071564 4<>171710 9>
71770 2071967 40)72151 100
TZl'a 4072158 2W7230S *>
722JS 40'T2389 40 72812 20«>
72893 '. 20i72894 20 73908 40
73W3 20|731» 100(73290 ?>
75618 * J073861 100 7378T 40
74009 20|74171:. .' 20174194 ;.. ?>
7«98.. 40174240. iro|742Sl 20
74423 2074563 4>'74733 40
74823 20174887 20,73135 4i>
"5303 4017M6S IOO^SJUXI 1">
75860 40 75876........ 2(V759«3.. ...... »
75684./../... ' 100 78013........ 4Ol7«OM 20
78197 20.76388 » 78391 ; *>
76340 20!76533........ 20 76731 4l>
78791........ »|7«53».. ...... 4076833 4>
77014 200)77081 31»i7713l I<V>
77191........ 2O|T73SS 20177404 20
77412 4o:rraiB 5077584 20
77870 20177R86 20'7735t V*
78059........ 4O|7tt7S K>;78207 »<*>
78485;.. 40 ( 78615.. ...... 20!75822 ¦ 20
73747. 20179287.. JOiTMOO../.-.... *>
79(538 20)79688 20179803. • »)
79845 40179*77 20
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 37.005 to 87.166, Jnctustr*.
beln* 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing th« capital prize of $BO.OCO-$6O.
WO numbers from 57,220 to> 57.33), Inclusive,
beln* 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital priza of $».00>-»40.
100 numbers from 34.570 to 54.870. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $10,000—120.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
799 numbers ending with IS. beinx th« last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $60,000— »20. •
799 numbers ending with 70. belnc the taat
two figures of the number drawing: tha capital
prize of mOOO— J2O.
No. 17,118 draws first capital prix» of $80,900.
scld In Vera Cnus, Monterey and City of Mex-
ico. No. 57.270 draws second capital prize of
$10,000, sold in Houston. Tex. No. 34,63) draw*
third capital prize of $10,100. sold In New Or-
leans, La. Nos. 11.477, 15.270. 22.872. 39.139 and
78.207 draw each $1000. sold in the Cltv of Mex-
ico. San Francisco. Cal.. Houston, Tex.. Mo-
bile, Ala., and MacKinney Tex.
V. BASSETTT. Manager.
ANTONIO PEREZ.
Kor the Treasury Department.
APOLIXAJt CASTILLO, Interrenor.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND
S I Felkln. Modesto
J Wellberger, R Bluff
J Kuilraan. Benlcla
W McDonald, Valejo
C M Post & w. Sacto
G H Warford. U S N
W H Murphy. P Alt*
H Havens. P Atlo .
R Slaughter. Cal
Jos Schell. Alaska
C M Williams, L A
Mrs S Caldwell & c. 11l
D M Dysant, Cal
J W Bowen. P A
J Ralnshauft & w. Wn
S Rainshauft & c, Wn
T D Drew, Alaska
W H Porter, Alaska .
E Mead. Dayton. O
Harry Long. Daytoa
H C Graves. Dayton
G G Shaw. Dayton
J Mausar. Phila-
Harry La. Phil
John Henry. Phlla
C B Adams. NY
James Laut. Man
J E Stearett A A. Ind
J R Dorroh. Cal
E F Kendall & w, Wis
R W Van Pelt, Cal
Mrs A Sherwood, N V
Mrs VT E Husted. N V
C Goodyear. w A d.Chic
G- E Goodman. Napa
E O Miller. •Visalla
J C . Anderson. Chic j
Mrs C Parmelee. Chic
S Smlrh & w, Norman
J Macdonald, lowa
W Dougherty, ' Tae-ima
F G Burgess. N V
H H Kenkel, Minn
P N Moore. St L
F Dodwell & St. Wa«h
W II Isom & W. CM?
W B Welling, Stanford
G Gag*. Stanford
J G Weatherman. Wh
E M Simpson/ Sacto
J S Henderson, Sacto
Mrs C W Murphy, Oak
Miss C Bonnemort. Cal
T G Roberts, U S N
H B Taylor. Oak
G W Averlll &. w. B C
F G Burgess. N V
C Dobblestein. Cal
Sir H Blosee. Ireland
H B Maxson, Nev
E Shepherd, w & d. 111
NEW WESTERX HOTEI*.
W Wilson. • Vallejo
M Sears. Vallejo
R Lee. Virginia City
S B Wllkie. S Leandro
J Mulroy. Stockton
A3D ChrisVenson, Sac
C Hoer'tkorn. Merced
T O'Donnell. Los Ang
D Hllo. Curwensvill»
C A Irrin. Los Ang
HOTEU
S O Hendrtcka. Cal
A H Schnabel, N 9 W!
V»* G Lewis, Sacto
5 Kallish. w & d. M»
T P Mlnnaush. N V
T E Houghton. > Maas
6 LAlalde, Mass
Mrs W T Mead. Mas*
J Smith. Nevada
R W Browning, Cal
J G Klrchelve, Cal
G B McKee. 3 Jom
A Rockebrouns Jr. 9 X
J Goldberg, N T I>
O H Sheets, R Bluff
J E Sovey, Cal
L> A Spttzer. S Josa
E "WhlDDle. Decoto
J M Canty. Cal
T J Turner & w, O
J Jensen Jr, Freson
O Matterson. Stku
E 8 Webb A w, Cal
Mrs Luckett, OKdon
H B Mulr^ Cktah
J A Flack & w, Cal
H A Bell. Sacto
W F Marrard, Cal
T Joslln. Wash
J M Pearl & w, Cal
J J O'Rourke, Cal
P Levy. Cal
T Ouertln. Alaska
PALACE HOTEI*
L E Mosher * -w. L A
C H Colburn & w. N»v
Mrs Palmer & d. Mich
F H Bowles * <r, WU
E M Ray A w, St Jo*
Mrs E B Morgan, Mass
Miss E Samson. Masa
Mrs J A Huston. Mass
Mrs E Huston. Bosun
H E Cary. S L
W H McFadden. Pa
J E Tlbby. Pa,
A R Sratz. N V
E C Fisher, N V
J E Franeke, N V
Mra E Churcinn. Chi«
L H Elliott. Chicago
M Whlttall A w. Mans
H Gorlitz. London P
J E Terry, Sacto
Geo Fletcher. G Valley
A W Brown, Denver
J R Ryan, Nevada
T T Johnston, Chicago
J F More. Cal
A P Brayton, Oakland
C Overholdt. Pa
R Me Vail. Loa Anr
M J Connolly. Los Ang
R R Bliss. Phoenix
W R Winn. Phoenix
Miss L Hlngley. Vlsla
Miss M HawelL Vlsla
R L Bradley. Rdwd Cy
B L Terry. London
F L Horning. Wli
A Webster & W. 3 Rs
CLASSIFIED advertisements and •obaorlption*
zvcelTed at Call branch office. . 820 FtUmora,
MAEEIED.
ICANBERY— McGRATH— In « this . city. March
24, 1900. by the Rev/. Dr/\ John A. ; B. Wilson.
William ¦ Alondo Icanbery of ¦ Sacramento and
Georgia ; Christie ;: McGrath •of ; Maxwell, Co-
lusa County. .. --'¦:;• -. '- : -. : 7 -? - ; - ¦. ¦¦:¦:¦ ,
RIGG-^-ALEXANDAE^-In tbta ctty;> March! 24,'
, 1800,'- by the j Rev. r Dr. John 'A. ., B. Wilson,
' George A. Rlgg and - Mrs. • Elinor* A. ' Alex-
' andae. both -of San Francisco. \. ¦ . ;¦-'.' ' ¦' >
SICKA%aZZA-PERCSINA-In :. ttl» f. ¦ city/
THE OAKS. US Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES.-; Proprietor. ,
¦--.-• Ale A VOYiA X CO;.'****'< "
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
- .1235 Market St.. between Bth and Sth.
;i . Telephonei Souths 247. -;-~ ; ?;,¦"..:
WAICTEI>- At once, nice clt?aa vacant flats
ar,d houses for good tenants. Apply at once.
SPECK Be CO.. ca Market rt.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
rnvsiciANS and sluceoxs.
i>n C C O' DO N*N ELL— Office and residenca.
jfitjxt Market «t.. l>et. Slrtli «tnd Seventh.
ALA C KA fur garments, hood*, mitts, leather
mats. H. M. HETXEMAN. 1W Banaome gt.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
i" '-': ¦*'- Sunday, .March 25.
Stmr Brunswick,' Andresen, 35 hourß frm San
Pedro..--.. . '¦>>"...-¦'-- > ¦ .¦"•.¦'¦¦: .v.:-, ;¦• . ¦
Nor stmr Tellus. Pederson,- 84, hours fm Oyster
Harbor. •• .-. •-•_"¦'¦. -• ' ¦-*' •'- -'.xv '- ..• "¦ • '-
Ktmr Noyo, Hanaen, 16. hours fm Fort Bragg.
' Stmr : Fulton, Johnson, 40 hours from Santa
Barbara. - "' .-• • , -
• Stmr WhltesborOk Olsen.' l6 hours from Men
docino. ¦ - . r :.¦• ¦ '¦•'•:'¦ • ".':¦:* .>.'..';,
Btmr ' Greenwood, , Faserlund, 1« hours from
Cleone. 1 - ¦ ¦ ¦ '• - .--- ¦ ¦ - - -- '¦ ¦ .¦.;-,,.-.;
.Stmr Alcatra*. , Carlson, 43 hours from San
Pedro.'' ¦'¦•¦,¦ ¦',¦'¦'-.:-¦¦"'- ¦¦¦ L - ¦•".-¦;*¦-.. -"- . ,
Stmr , Glmv, . Nopander, 23 hours from ¦ Moss
Landing and way ports. '
; Stmr ' Newsboy,"- Walvlg, 20 hours from Usal.
¦ : Ship Luclle. ? Wickberg, 15 days •¦ from Hono
lulu: In quarantine.*' /. ¦• ,*
' Schr Emma: Claudlna.'.Nlelson. 15 days. from
Mahukona: In quarantine. . ,¦ '
Schr. Mary. Etta; Anderson, 40 hours fm Bow
ens Landing. ¦*;¦-!
SAILED.
?' ':-', - v Sunday,^ March 25.
Ktmr Brunswick.' 1 Andresen;. Eureka. ¦
Stmr. Orizaba. Parsons, Eureka. ¦-;
Stmr Samoa,' Jahnsen,'- Eureka, v ,/
Stmr North Fork. > Bash,'. Eureka. .":•- ':-
Stmr WeetDort,- Ericsson. >*•'¦> ¦•••: ','. y- ."< ¦¦'. :; -
Tug Astoria, Olßen, Grays Harbor. •:">"-, .;,;
Ship Occidental,*- Bennett,; Seattle. "«: :\.
Bfchlp Samoena,' Boyce, ; Queenstown. <
Schr R'.b Rey.-Kalnln. . . ' V 4 V
Schr BowheaO.'Newhall,' Seattle. -¦
::; TELEGRAPHIC.
-POINT- LOBOS— Mar 23. 10'; -p m— Weather
haiy; : wind NW;Lvelocity.2omlles. ¦ ;.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
: SEATTLE— -Arrived . Mar;' Jl-^Stmr ' Mary D
Hume, hence Mar 18./ * - . , ~
.. FORT BRAGG— Arrived ¦ Mar . 25— Stmr - Se
quoia, hence Mer 24. : •¦ . ¦
• ••- UBAL— Sailed Mar 25^-Stmr Newsboy,' for San
Francisco. .-•¦'¦-"¦•¦ ".--..-¦ -?-;,.-..-¦¦ -- .... . .
i OR ATB 'HARBOR— Sailed : Mar. 25— Stmr : Na
tional City, for. San Pedro. - --..-. ... •
SEATTLE—SaiIed- Mar 21— Stair . City ; of Se
attle, for Skamiay.* -.
-- PORT, TOWN SEND— Arrived Mar 25— Br ship
King . Arthur. > from : Hongkong.
Sailed 5 Mar ; 25— Ship C F:¦ Sargent, , for « San
•Francisco. t - ¦ '- - ¦•--• . r - ¦-/- . ¦ r- i- -. ¦ ,
* GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Mar 25^-Stmr
Grass Dollar,- hence Mar 20. .-¦-, -^ -? , . .
*-. SANi DlEOO— Arrived ; Mar 25— Fr ..war. stmr
Protet, from i Santa: Rosalia: . Br stmr Carmar
thenshire, hence Feb 22. " r . '-,
¦¦• BALLARD— SaiIed Mar. SS^Bchr Mildred, for
San Pedro. ¦>«--.-;¦»:•. .» .- <¦ s. ¦;.:V--v ',:•:/¦ - - ¦ -
OCEAN i STEAMERS.
' : CDXHAVEN— Arrived Mar « 25-^Stmr ;¦ Fuerat
Bismarck, from New York; stmr Pretoria, frm
New .York. ¦:-<¦---•-•-.-¦:¦--- -;.';'¦---
OAKLAND ROOMS.
IF yon wirh full value for your c«»t-off cloth-
iCK call on B- Cohen. 157 Third: let Black 4123.
LADIES' and gents* cast-off clcthlncboughtand
cold. fiilverman. SS4 Foltom : tel Folsom 11*1.
WANTED— OId gold for manuTg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mmob.
ELECTRIC llght« In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 T*2 S st.. near Market: 100 roomi;
SBc to $1W per night; Tl GO to 16 per week;
free *tru« and baggage to and from the ferry.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
TO I SAIL.
A FINE «ult to order $10 75, or pants « 75: our
specialty In remnants allows cs to sell cheap-
erthan reafly-maae. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
et.. bet. 7th «nd «tn. prop. One-price Tailor-
ing Co., SS2 Kearny, near Bacto.: also 1844
Market et.. under St. NMcholas. '
ASTHMA cure gives perfect relief. Call or
address N. A, DILLON. 1229 Vallejo st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post «t.. cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water: elevator and all conveniences.'
ASTONISHING prices for ladies" and genU
caet-off clothing, etc.: don't sell until you
•earn tcy offer. Postal M. Nathan, 10 Sumner.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 224 Bush «t.. ad-
joining the Rues Hotel; M rooms; all prices.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing,' tl per year.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and t'nfurn.
A^B^UN^wicK^HOCSE?7I4T Sixth— Rooms
26c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
afME. ADA cure« rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia: all pain leaves like maclo fro.m her
•wonderfully gifted hands. 1543 Howard st.
LEDEP.ER'S Quintonlca hair tonic is without
a rival, 35c bottle. Lederer"s Foama Sham-
poo cleanse* the ecalp perfectly, 6c package.
13 Stockton et.
VALLEJO. 1301— Two sunny furnished or part-
ly furnished rooms for- housekeeping; 110;
half taken In sewing each month If desired.
MRS. DR. L. BURGER, late matron of Ger-
man Hospital, N. V., epeclallst for bladder,
kidney. «kin diseases and cancer, office 106
Fourth et- A testimonial: Mr. Wm. Oeter-
held cf the San Mateo Orphan Asylum, says:
I had a cancer on my left leg. I wu treated
by Mrs. Burger, 106 Fourth st., and certify
that 1 was cured in a short time.
j., TSi. OETERHOLD. San Mateo.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts coi
tracted by my wife after this date.
S. Z HALL.
PERSONALS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR removed by the only
effectual method — the Electric Needle; fre«s
trial treatment. Rocm 14, 1206 Market ut.
MARKET. 1028—2 rooms furnished light
housekeeping, $6. ¦ •...'¦¦
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— Three nicely
furnished rooms; $12: stove. ¦
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
MCALLISTER, 696— Handsome sunny bay-win-
dow parlors, grate, gas, bath; cheaper suite;
complete kitchens; rooms.
I'ARTXEnS WANTED.
WANTED— Thoroughly reliable business man
wants partner witli $8000 to $10,000 for first-
class business proposition In Alaska which
»iil net f-tfveral hundred per cent on Invest-
ment first season. Address, stating place In-
terview can be liaJ. box 3111. Call office.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES.
HOWARD. 625 — Rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping.
PALMISTRY.
iIME. Neergaard, Pres. St. Germain College of
ralmlrtry; reads 1 to S. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
GROVE, 725 — 3 or 4 furnished runny house-
keeping rooms;, bath and laundry.'
jro— STORE: 2 ohow-windows and i large room*;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth »t.
ETORE to let. 212 Fifth rt.
$4500— ELEGANT home of 9 rooms on Orand Bt.;
In a park -like neighborhood: all modern Im-
provements; near station and school; this la a
great opportunity, as owner is going to Eu-
rope. Call or addrexs H. P. MOREAL & CO..
- 1432 Park st., Alameda. ¦ • : .
S10 — Large store; three rooms; large yard; suit-
able for a laundry. 2927 Mission st.
MONDAY, MARCH 28.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
SUTTER, 114S— Nice, eunny corner suite; occu-
pied by a doctor last 10 years; modern Im-
provements.
FfPERIOP. violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plae*.
3ARttAIN-Good upright: cheap. BCHMITZ,
16 McAllister Ft., next Hlbernia Bank.
SUN, Moon and Tide.
United States Conn and - Geodetic Survey-
Times end- Heights of Hign and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of .the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlfslon-street wharf) about
twenty-five minute* -later .than at' Fort Point:
the heteht of tide Is the name at) both places.
ALAMEDA IIEAL ESTATJB..,
GOOD upright p4ano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNO'S. 216 McAllister et.
I>ON'T «suy: rent a new piano, S3 per month.
SOOTT-CCRTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes St.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento rt., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
Land for sale In Sonoma, Contra Co*ta, GlMin.
Santa Crui. Shasta and Tehama Cos.. Cal.
A BARGAlN— Steinway. tI2S; etore open Bat.
evening. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 EIIU st.
A FEW pianos will be »old for storare at auc-
tion price*; dirt cheap for cash. WILSON'S
Storage, 1710 Market St.
TO LEASE.
TO Lease— AU or part of vacant property; 96x
l«0: on Mission St.. near Fifteenth; will build
lls-ht structure. Owner, box 8109. Call.
A FINK Ptelnway upright, must b« «oW; a
beautiful mahogany three-pedal, used a few
months. Jl5O. Room 10, Flood building.
ABOUT 3 acres fine noil, half a mile from Col-
ma, about 2 blocks from electric cars; part
ca*h If desired; a bargain. C. WILLMOTT,
SI6 Market st., or 445 Valencia. ¦-
PACIFIC Storace and Furniture Movln* Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; 'phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market *t. ;
tel. South 535: packing, moving and storage.
PECKER, Packard and Booth* Bros, are names
Xo remember when the best Is wanted for the
least money. The ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7£9 Market st.
KNAEE piano*: n*w seal-; new styles. KOH-
LEB. & CHA6E. SO OFarrell »t-
I FINE Marshall A Wendell pianos for JIM)
each: Fischer upright. $175; Gibson. ST2S; all
are bargains. MAUVAIS'. 76J Market tt.
ABSOLUTELY the olde»t and largest house
wm of Chicago la KOIILER & CHASE'S,
TS. IS and 30 O'Farr*ll et.; pianos, oirans and
sul other musical ln*truni<'nt» cf all grades
end prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing poealble done to please and satisfy the
cuftomer.
AN une-<]ualed record— Our businecs Is lamer
than ever; our prices the lowest: our terms
reaaonable; our guarantee absolute; hlgh-
cr*de pianos from JS23 up; medium-priced
pianos rrom 1190 up: second-hand planoe from
t.a up; pianos fcr r«nt; sole agents for Chlck-
frlnit. Steck, Voee and Sterling pianos. 16 to
20 O'Farrell et.
ARE you In need cf a piano? We have a larg#
*asortment of new and .econd-hand pianos of
the beat makers ; sold lor cash or very easy
W-menu.; %% down and (6 per month for an
.lecant new tiprUrht; tome rood planot for
?" ™ an 2 I 5 per montl »- SHERMAN. CLAY
£ CO.. oteinway dealern. corner Sutter and
Kearny ets.. .<a« Francisco; corner Thirteeath
and Broadway, Oakland.
SALESMAN WANTED.
WANTED by married couple (desirable ten-
ants)— Large, sunny modern room, with small
apartment adjoining for lightest of housekeep-
ing; breakfast only; private; cast of Van Ness
>ye. Box 3CSg. Coll. ¦¦ .. ¦ ¦¦;,....;. ¦¦¦ - ¦
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED
Weather Report.
(120 th ; Meridian— Pacific Time.) : -,
SAN FRANCISCO, March 25— « p. v m.
: , The following ; are ; the seasonal ¦ rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls in laet 24 hours: ; ';;.
Last 24 This ~ LasT .
Stations — ' hours, season, season.
Eureka.... .....;.... 0.12 43.81 • 31.61'
Red Bluff ..Trace 18.81 ' IS.J7
i-acramento ............'.. 0.00 15.61 13.91
San Francisco .......... 0.00 17.02 15.35
Fresno ...:.......... 0.00 ' 7.08 6.64
Independence 0.00 ¦.. 2.7S . 1.16
San Luis Oblspo O.CO 14.7."i .14.77
Los Angeles.... :. 0.00 0.53 : 4.79
Kan Diego .COO : 3.1* 4.68
Yuma 0.00. - 0.77. -1.34 -
San ' Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
68; minimum, 47; mean, 56.'
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy and threatening weather prevails over
the Pacific slope from Central, Cal ltornia north
ward. Light rain has fallen from Cape Mencio
clro an>l the Upper HAcinmvnto Valley north
ward over ; Washing^ >n, Oregon . and Western
Montana. " •¦ ¦ ¦ "¦
The pressure has fallen over the Pacific slope
during ¦¦ the : last twenty-four hours. : but there
has been a rise along the immediate coast from
Central - California north ,in the ; last twelve
hours, .l ¦" ¦? '¦'. ", "-.>.-¦ -¦ •'- '. -¦-'
The temperature ' has fallen over Oregon and
Southern Washington and remained nearly sta
tionary In other districts. . - -
The storm central off the Washington • coast
this - morning has moved rapidly inland and is
central to-night over Western Montana. \
Conditions are favorable for light showers to
night and early Monday morning on the ex
treme northern coaat, and in the mountains
in the extreme , north, elsewhere fair weather
will prevail. ' ¦ : .
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 26, 1900:
Northern California— Fair, except cloudy and
probably. showers, early Monday morning In the
extreme north portion; fresh northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
wind. * . . ,
Nevada — Cloudy, probably with showers Mon
day; cooler.
Utah— Cloudy, with showers Monday: cooler.
Arizona — Cloudy, probably ' with showers in
the north portion, fair in south portion Mon
day: cooler in north ¦ portion. ¦
San- Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
fresh northwest wind. G. H. WILLSON, -
Iyocal Forecast Official.
$3250— LOVELY cotttre; all modern Improve-
ments; hot houpe and garden. 1112 Castro ft.
SIISICAI, IXSTUI7MEXTS.
BROADWAY, b«"t. .Ton<*s and Leavenworth— 2
flats rud l«t: paye S l i per cent. 1728 Hyde sL,
near Broadway.
COTTTAOE for »al«» «t 1212 York at., near 24th.
r.-lth 6 roorr.B; lot 26x100; ownei^to leave the
city; it can bo sold with or withont the furni-
ture. Call and see It.
BELGRA VIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior, board; ¦ modern
conveniences; rates reasonable. • .
°!il,i UI ? U . Ur *' PV aM - wl ih<nu removal; nu
jcommisrlon: i-rivate. LICK. ll( McAllister.
IF your property is mortßased and you need
more money f <-e H. MDaPgY. 030 Maiktt"
TO ra!ari«^l men. without collateral or lndnrmr-
other prop.:*iiior.f: private room*. ,^ n l'ran-
cisco PUoount Aeency, UZ Phelan bulldmp
WANTED— 2 permanent boarders In elegant,
quiet home, north Oakland; large jrround?;
orchard; reasonable. Address 5201 Shattuck
aye.. cor. Fifty-second et.; Oakland. '.".t-
A— HOTEL La Normandie. 326 Eddy-Sunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; first-
class table and service; prices moderate.
S "^ * :o -««: lowest rstes; in and 2d mortgs •
__uny propoamon. DRTOKN. 413 MontKomlry!
j^^^r^E^^^-
OFFICIAL DRAWING
OF THB
LOTTERY
BENEFICENCIA PDBLIGA.
The 134 th "ordinary monthly drawing. Class
C, tirawn in the City of Mexico on March 22.
1900. .- .- •. . : .' -i .
SPECIAL -NOTICE— The public Is cautioned
• to-beware of concerns claiming to operate lot-
teries in the City of Mexico or at any other
point In the republic .of Mexico, as ' all such
concerns are fraudulent. The • Lottery of the
Beneflclenca Publlca Is the only one authortaed
and indorsed by the Mexican National Govern-
ment. Beware of spurious Imitations ' and sec
that all tickets are signed by A. Castillo, In-
tervenor, < and U. Bassettl, Manager, as none
othera are genuine..:, •:„
No. Prize. Xo. / Prise. INo. Prize.
29..; 10<) 42....'.... 40 1»3.'. 20U
362 .40 481 : 20 628 1(W
734... 20 823 20 1034 U
1081 20 1151 29 1153 20
1170........ >100 1198... 200| 1218 S>
1258.. 200 1420........ 20| 1512........ 100
1667........ 100 1660 20 1590..: 200
2068........ 20 2227.. ;..... : 40 2255 »
2559...;;... 20 2733 ./ 100[ 2525.. ...... 20
2564. 401 1007.. : 290 3157 ? 4fl
3173 20| 32y9. 20| 3440 4D
3442... 40| 3456 40i 3599 20
.3«35........ 401 3536 / 40| 3570........ 40
42.>2........ 290 4359........ 2014453 20
4543........ 401 4595... 20| 4606 20
4888 20 5149 20! 5200 20
5277........ 401 53i>4.... 20 5480 20
5325/; 20|5552 40 6606........ »
6652 ...; ?)i 5917.... 20 5918 100
¦5985... 500! 6000 40 6008 40
6012.: 201 6017........ 20" 8088 »
.6224 100(6259 20 6338.. 20
6351 4010369 ...21) 655i> 40
5669........ 100 -691 C 40 6d62........ 20
6965-. ...... 20 6973 40 7104 100
7207........ 40 7234...;.... MO 7234.. ...... 1W
7334... 40 7485........ 20 7596 :. 2J
7628 2? 7689 .." 20 7982.. 20
5029 20 5M7 ....:... 40j 809 i» 20
8141.. 205227 20|8303 100
8316........ - 'M 8406 20| BSS3 40
8961.. ;....;-' •01 9033... 40 1 9034 40
9042 1"J|"!t073..." 2-)| 9160... 40
S3O.J 40(9358 20 1 9364 40
9624........ 10' &712.. 40 9773 100
9804... :...-.. 40i SS64 20' 9869 20
5960... 40|: .->• I
10025 IWIIOO9O 20110097. '. 20
10038. ZW10164 40|10208 20
10219 40|10476 20)10684 20
10709 20:10710........ ICO 10828 20
10896 /. 20jl'W4« 40 10947/..//... JOO
10974 40|10378.. 20J11011... 100
IUO4 20|11117.. ...... 4O|IIIBS 20
11474.. 20;U«77 10WI115SS 20
11663........ COiUno 201U855 20
11S58.: 100111977 20.12156 20
12230........ 20;1i245 40|12501. 20
12561.. 100 12C31. ....... 20|12730........ »>
12787 200 12547 40 12964.: 2'JO
12995........ 40113014 20 13185 20
13250 10>>j13264 20 13364.. 20
13502........ 20)13503.. ...... 100113568 40
13611 20 13874 40)13809 20
13567 1U0|13557. ....... 40 13385 20
14126 i0|14147 20 14156. 20
14G37 20(14812 200 14521. ....... *i
14978 20U5011 40 15270........ 10CO
13366 40U3477... :o!l56O5 20
15t24 20jH68.1... ,40 157^ 20
15762 20,U51« ..40 15863 :. 40
131)51....:... 40,15030... 4016053.. 20
16684.. iOjieilO ,20 16153 40
16192. li) 0 16321 20 16384 »
1C434... 2016755 40 16996 2-)
J7irr> 401171J6 200 17410........ lX)
17483 10 17511........ 40 17399........ 20
17«00.. 40117701 20 17703 20
17857... .....' 20 17923 20 17953 20
17957 l"0 IsCOO 20 18019 40
1?025... 100 1&044 20 18055 20
18>78 40 18242 20 18340.... 20
15372.. ...... 4018434 40 18440 100
18567 20 18633 40:18768 40
15913.. ...... 2rt 15968 100 19013 20
19015 20 19308 40 13352.. 20
19365 ;. 40119457 20 198OC 40
19?0D 20 19841........ 20 20100 40
20114 '...- 20-20171. ....... 20 20224........ 40
20279 20 20600...;.... 100 20743 40
,20766 ;.: 2020545.: 20 20935: 20
21134........ 20 21172........ 20 21215...:.... 20
21223 100 21221 40 21280........ 20
21327........ 20 21445 100 21468 4)
21563........ 40 2W05.. 20 21613...;.... 20
21«&3 -.20 21713 20121748 40
21834 40 21979... 20 22170 20
22234 .;. 40 22447.. 20 22528 20
22550........ 20 22594 100 22718 20
22872........ 100023181. 40123410 20
23466 20 23491........ 100| 23508 20
23559.' 20 23607 /- 20;23636 49
23747........ 2023776 40j23860 40
25882. /...... 4023893 40 23897 20
23906.. 500 23929.. 20 23941 20
24284........ 20 24310.. 100 24351 40
24497 10024372.... 109 24601. ;....;. 20
24634... 2024703..: 20(23090........ 40
25116........ 100 23547........ 20!233G0.J. 20
25740. 20 25771 20-25861 500
21863.. 10025856... 2DJ25920 »
25955.. ...... 1W25945....:... 20!2601« 10<>
26112........ ICO-26182. :.../.. 110126256 40
2«4O8 20126428.. 20126453. 40
"64*5 40'2€505 20!2«514... 20
26577 ¦ .40 26610 40126681- 40
J6703.. 20126703 200126825 20
26537... 100J27073... 2rt 27152.. 2->
27187.. 20 27311././.... 20|27335 W
270'>2.\. 2'J27755 ...- 4i>, 27970....*.... 20
25214.. 2028223. 20i28309 40.
28337 20 2-8347 '20 28638........ 20
2SG4B ..' 500 25762 40128825: 20
25569 20 28897........ 40125940... .40
291!>7.. ...... 20 29197... 4029304./. 29
29443 2023490... 40 29621. 20
29938.. -2030475..' 20 30517 40
30539 20 30577 20 30613........ 100
30633.. 4030691 .20 30695 20
30851........ 10030863 40 30355 20
31072........ 20 31137........ 40 31455 20
31475........ 20 31481....:... 20t3K87. ........ 20
51673 2031826 100I31SS8 20
31932........ 2032013.. 4013221 M 20
32232 40323.)!.: 40!5248fi 40
32505.....:.. 20 32309...;...; 100|32w2 49
32676 N032700 100132760 40
32771........ 40 32882 4015W96 4'>
33i726 20 33033.:...... 20 33071. .100
33257........ 2»«529«.. 40!33402 40
33327.. .20133645........ 100133747/.....:. 40
KW32.... 10<V3W>4 2i>!3417» 20
34235........ 2034276... ' 100!343V»./. 20
34339........ 20134354. ;..:.:. - 1001W355".. -..:;.. 20
34383..;:.:.. 40154f120 : . . . 10000134764. . ...... 4t»
35050 20J35123. 20135135. ....... 40
36166........ 40;35191 20135210. 29
35379 20133394........ 40 35425 100
35437... 2035474 40135508 40
35559........ 20135374.. 200 35670 20
35736 100 35890........ 20 35978. 20
3f.026. 20013612S SO 26211 40
3G267 401J6334 100 ! 384I1.. 40
36415........ 200136475........ 10OSM&7 10*
36568.:...... 40J36635........ 2f>tS6B7B 1(V»
36679 ........ 40136778........ 40136753 40
36556.:...... 20137076.. 20J57080. ....... 40
37116........ 60000137134 ../ 40 373H 4Q
57447.. ...... 40137438 40137508 100
37550........ 20137643.. 40137762 20
37767........ 4037787.: 20i37562 ;. 40
37878/;.:.*:.. 4037908.;-..;..; - *0!35W88........ - 20
38064........ 20 38165........ 40138231.. 20
?8302.. , 2035323. • 40(38359..'...... -.40
38433........ 20138545....:... 40 38721 ..-40
389*2/. 20139060...;.... 10039159. .100
39212 2013MU... 20|59T71........ 20
39577 20:40035........ 4014W73........ 20
40108........ J0U0264. ....... 20140316.. ...... 20
40366 '' .20140368.. ¦' 20(40701. -40
40740........ '20J40769.. 20140819........ ' 40
.40833.:....... 40 40565.. K»> U0971. 20
. 41001 - 2041063 2»f411P4.. ..-....> 20
i 41190........ CO 41201.. ...... 20141337....'.... 20
! 41859./.::.:. 4041574... ¦ 20141824 40
I 4153«.. 20|42i»4., ...... -20 42178 20;
1 42332/...::..* 20 42442........ -40 42491 20
42516........ 20 4:637......... 20 42G43 ;20; 20
1 4W70... .-.,.. r0!42712.":.;:../ ¦20(42772. :...:;. 4«
ttW*. ....... ' 20 43049........ »' 43054 ;...;:.-. 40
43075........ 4043150..: 20|43221 20
4.-1226 40145245 in0|43446.. .:.... 20
435.12.;:..../ ¦ 20113375.. ....:. 40|435«4. 20
' 43C«2 ../.-. 20143843. 40143555.. ..:... JO
44022 401441*9 ..V 4014.4208... 20
44234 2044360:........ 20j44410.... 20
144472........ 20 11552 40144554...; 20
! 44653.. ...... 20143070.'..:.... ? 20113085. ./.,... -40
43164... 40143304. /..... :. i 40143340.. »
!'43376.V../... J014M53.:...... ' 40J45484........ 20
; 4«i32 ."....../ "20145703 ? 50|45744 20 i
; 4r.534...4 r .S34... 20U.i5(H......... 20143940 2.1
435C7 ........' 4014K026.... 20146058.. ...... -<)
>6i 64 .¦......;.: 4ftUfijpß.;:..:v. 20|i6;j40.../.... 20
46451. ..../.. 20146489........ 20'4fi5»4........ 40-
4«J33........ ¦ 2014<»3i;. /....'. 20(46184........ »>
4704«.. ...... 40147065.. .:.... 200147105..: 40
47253.. J41>!47315......:. 40147389. .:;.... 100
¦47401;.../..: 1047440... ..... 100147819. ....... 40
4R125.:;...;. ¦ 1001452.-1T.. ...... -..¦•oi4B4«; 40
45530.. .-.;...¦ , 2OUS.-.52. . :..... ¦40(43373.....:.. 20
48972.-.T: ;•//.¦. ;?O|4^011,:; ?O|4^011,: 1C0'491.12 40
49287../."/... 20U9511......... JO&UMW..-.:..-..- 20 !
M 180.'.: 5>!3n243.:.;....^ ino:sr>3B7 - 100
30.192..../.;. ' 3>!3i>42<>......:.-. - 20130721:. ./.„/ 40
: 5HT3.. ...... 20!5ii73.:..:...r 201 swsi.; :../.; ;,i
81275. ..;.... 1f)0!51252.. ; 100:51473........ , 100
i C 1489 ./...... " .4O'SIB. r ,B/./.. ./.,. SO^JO.-«. :......"' JOO
; r.2i80. ;.:.../ 40'52»i...:.... 100152279.... ..-. 40
?22«2. ::...:, loolsssot ;. 4n'32404..: 20
52*75...:.... 40'P?517. ....... 40|52563.. ...;.. 20
n3«H>..'.//:;;-.'"- 2OSE3123.. ;....; '20153315..;../.. 'joo'
K51J3. ....... 40!M32* 100153388........ 200 ,
33419......:. 100153487......:. 40153634.. ...... 20
, 53869..-.."...: IWWSKHW.V.. .;:.-' 20!541f«.-. ;...;. .40
84222. ./..... : 40,'.M284/.:../.. 600!34287..:/.;..-.' 40
i 54340/....... 20-64416 40154471.. ...... 40
54500. ::/... -. 20154537.:.:.... 201:.487!>.. ;;...-. Xv»
'54744..:..... 20153006//./.... 2O!."iO91.- ;o
55111... 20 1 55189........ 20552"2.. ./.... 4.1
i R5275... - 40t5535«.. ....... • ' 21»'534«/....... ' 4>>
! W5474........ " 40155676/....... 40!5n68J. ..40
¦ 55fi93.:.r/..:- 40'5«i52.. :.:./. ¦.-¦a0i.wi5a.. ....... ?(>
1 E«2ii:.:.:;/. ' .2015ffi4!........ lflft'sn&n.-.. :.-...- 2,)
I M 890....-..:. . 40'5«71«. .-:...:. ¦ 20!5«780.....;;. 2,
! 56Rfi8.....'..:" ?O'3RS?6.':-.....;'. ¦j018fi»0«;.~....'- 40
I 56942/..'.%... 20'5<588.. '.../..¦ . 40157087.'...:;.. .' 41
57117..:..,.: 20137249,...-..;. . 40 ! 57270......;.J0000
57274 ....;..•; 100157411. /....;¦.' 20:r77?i.v...:.. 40
57759.!..:... - 401579W.; ;. .;;.'., 100'jw0n.r..;;-.. 2.1
B8118. .":.:.-..• ' 5001581W.. ..:... ¦ 401682R2........ 4A
88839:..../.. *>ia8874..;:;;/:j 100158943/.-.//:.. 40
59070. . : . .... - 40159108. .'. ::. /. : . 20!59J0«. .- .... .40
89291. ....:/. -• 20159339.;r.:.;.: 40159439. /..../.¦ 40
59557..7;...-: 'SWs««3R/;;:..;:l:-2O!59»iis./..../. . jm
89581.;.....: •»!«01»7../..... 40160109...; v... 40
60415..//.... 'J0150483. /..;:.. - 2Ol(»648/.r.;... J -'. 20
«BM;.v/..:. 20180957.....:/. ¦ 40!«i03». :.;.... ¦ 40
61141/. r: .;r. ¦ .' looisijeo. /. ; : .. r 2001^1493. .::.-.. . 20
ciK84..\.^.:., soolsmm. .../:.¦/. iwjsi6B»/.:.:.r.>*>
61796:;...;.: 20;«1569....../. . w». f 61979........ 100
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, , 1714 Market st— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table first class;
reduced rates. „¦_¦ * ' " ".¦ f? .V;:" j
FOR sale— At a nacrlflce; J3CO for 2 lots on the
north aide ot th« Park: worth JSOO.
$1500— A corner suitable for grocery store; In
. the Mission; worth 11500
14000— House of 9 rooms and bath; lot 55x137:8:
on Pine St.; worth 16000. $5500— Lot on the
southwest corner of Devisadero and Sacra-
mento sts.; 2«:7xlI0 ft., with 5-room cottage
worth IKCO. Call between 9 »• ra. and 12 in-
MADISON A BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
IF you have lots In Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly then
call on W.. J. GUNN, 530 California St.
OL>D «f»ld boughTrmoney* loaned "on "evirv'^u"
of collateral. Coleman'a lot K^f
ROOMS AND BOARD.
March 24. 1900,' by Thomas , F. Dunn, Justice
of • the '. Peace, Cristobal Sickaviiza and An-
¦ gela de los , Santos Peruslna, . both of Guate-
mala, Ontrßl America. ...
WILLIAMS— DOUGLAS-^ln this city, March 25.
1900, .« by the Rev. Dr. .John «A. '• B.~vWUson. ;
Lewis Alonzo Williams and Nettle C- Doug-
las, both of Angels Camp, Calaveras County, 1
"Cal. ¦•- - .- -' ¦ - --¦¦'-. ----- ' ¦¦¦>-*-? ¦¦-¦
REAL . ESTATE*— CITY FOR SAJLB.
LOTTEBY ;" DRAWING.
MO.VISY TO LOAN.
RYAN— In ' this * city, t March 25, I*oo. i "William
P., eldest and beloved ton of Michael and
/Kate ¦ Ryan, and i brother; of ; Joseph.. Daniel
and May Ryan, - a native of : San : Jose, : Cal.,
•aged 19 -years and 17 days.;' ¦;¦;. ;• r '.'-. '?..:;
BTEIGER— At «- German = Old People's ; Home.
"'< East i Oakland, ' March :' 23, 1900, Mrs. ¦- Amelia
I : flteiger, - beloved mother- of ' Mrs. •B. T:~ Col-
\; Her. of . Philadelphia, Pa./ a'¦ native of Ger-
' many, aged 75 years 10 months and 14 days.
? ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully Invited to attend . the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock; from the funeral par-
': lors of Theo. Dlerks; 957 Mission street/In-
terment Odd Fellows'. Cemetery: "-
WHALEN— In this city. March 23. 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of Patrick Whalen, loving moth-
er of Mamie E., Kittle :G. and . Michael *E.
.and, the late John- J.r Whalen. -and sister of
Mrs. P. .Sweeney/ Mrs. .P.- Walsh, Mrs. E.
Smith and the late Mrs.- J. Llnehan and Mrs.
, .T. Letter, • a :. native of County Galway, Ire-
land/aged 58 years. -!_•'.,. . -
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
: 'fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock," from her late resi-
I dence, ¦ 153 State, street/ thence to Mission Do-
lores Church; where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of. her
'>'soul, commencing at 9 o'clock:.. Interment
v Mount Calvary Cemetery. ¦' '"¦<:.
VAN NESS aye;. 101— Sunny front Buite; every-
' thing new; gas, bath, phone; (25. -• : ..-.>-.> I- .-.
NEW family hotel; 'first class In all -appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
select . people. - , 807 California st..'; occupying
.corner opposite Grace Church.
HOTEL SALISBURY. 1 Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS. IS2O Market *t.-Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath; sin. rm*.; board optionnl.
VAN NESS ive., 944 (The Wallace*— Rooms
and bosH: furnished and unfurnished: $S0 up.
COTTAGE— S rooms, bath, basement, stable; M
block freni Market st. Apply 2403 Folsom at.
13500— WORTH |40C0; store, I rooms, bath; flat
above. S rooms, bath; rented J32. 1417 Pacific.
MPLKMENT field man; must be competent to
sell and operate moxvers. binders, plows, etc. ;
capable, and experienced man only need , ap-
ply; permanent position; state age. Ad-
dress, box 3147, Call office. ¦ .
AM going to start a private home for. old gen-
tlemen who crave independence of relatives
and yet want home comforts and privileges;
reference*. Applicants address for further
Information M. L.. Call • office, Oakland..
DAD tenants ejected for |4: collections mada;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery. »t.. rooms 9-10: tel. 6520.
ROOMS papered from-$l; whitened., II up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 819- Third.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency,l4s 6th; phone Mint 43.
ALL kind* bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pa irlne at lowent rates. 205 Fourth at.
FOR BALE.
On« oX the very finest pieces of paying busi-
ness property In the city of Eon Jose, Cal.,
for the purpose of closing estat* of Francis
Stock, deceased: 75% feet front on First «t.,
between f-'anta Clara and El Dorado sta., with
an "L" of 29 feet frontage on I El Dorado st. ;
all covered with business buildings paying J430
per month rental.
Apply to S. F. LEIB. attorney for executors,
San Jose. Cal.
storage: and warehouses.
PlE^C^koDOLPH^&tor^ge" "and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711.
ALTA PUNT A Tract. San Pablo aye.. 8 miles
north of Berkeley, near Santa Fe railroad;
valley land by the acre. 1130 to JIOO. Call for
maps, etc., on G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. et.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A~FURNIiHED floorr"kitchen. parlorTTbecN
rooms and yard; rent 113. Apply at 119 Third.
BUSH, 2i24— Nice funny housekeeping rooms;
furnished or unfurnished: bath. laundry and
yard. Apply after S i>. m.
CALIFORNIA. 2."»23— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping: gas range; reasonable.
ELEVENTH. IC«— Front connecting housekeep-
ing rooms; furnished complete.
ELLIS, 414— Lower flat to let for housekeeping:
. furnished; range and gas.
FIFTH, 34S— Two ' rooms furnished for house-
keeping; cheap rent. '
51400— CORNER lot; Santa Clara aye.; 60x150;
near Morton-st. station.
IlsCo— Fine lot; (0x150; Para st, near th«
bay; bargain. ¦ .
{1000— Elegant lot. west side of Lafayette st.,
crar San Antonio aye.: snap.
13200 — New modern 8-room house: Alameda
avenue.' near Lafayette st. ; large lot.
' 135 C0 — New Colonial, 7-room cottage: Grand
St., near Alameda aye.; easy Installments;
large lot: snap.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda; all the
above can be bought on easy terma. i
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
FIFTH. 353— Double parlors, kitchen, bath, fur.,
129; aleo 2 connecting rooms, 110; others 14 up.
HOWARD. 921 — Two tunny rooms; furnished or
unfurnished; bay-window; reasonable.
NICELY furnished cottage of 7 rooms and
bath for 6 months; convenient" to station.
Address box 3185. Call office.
HYDE, 406— Elegant sunny front parlor suite,
• complete housekpg, 122: basement suite. 112.
MINNA, 28 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; also single; 75c to tl 50 per week.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are' given in the left
hand column ' and the successive tides ot the
day In the order of occurrence as to time.' The
«>cond time column gives - the .. second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and - the , last *or I right hand column ' gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are to .addition to the soundings on the
United • Statta. " Coast Survey ¦ charts, ~' except
when a minus ,' «lgn ; (— ) precedes the height,
and ti-en tlHrimmber given I* subtracted ' from
the depth given by the charts. ; The plane of
r»f»-»nr» firth* 'm»an of the )nw<»r : lnw watf»r«.
POLK. 1620—1 or 2 sunny front room*, unfur-
nished; bath; housekeeping.
POWELL, 617— Nicely furnished sunny suite;
kitchen privileges If desired: no children.
NEARLY new 7-room house, on the sunny side
of street, only 2 blocks from the station and
1 block from electric cars: In thorough order:
sanitary plumbing; to close an estate we will
sell at a bargain. MASON & McLBNA-
THEN, adjoining Postof flee, Berkeley station.
BAN CARLOS aye., 38— Sunny furnished rooms
for light housekeeping; also other rooms
cheap.
FINE house of 8 rooms, fully furnished, for
rent. MASON & McLENATHEN, adjoining
Postof flee, Berkeley station. ¦
WE have got to sell within 1 week 6 acres of
perfectly level land, "fronting: on 100-foot street
¦ and not 6 minutes from Berkeley station;
street work done; the best bargain we have
had for years.
MASON McLENATHEN,
Adjoining Poßtofflce, Berkeley. ,
CLASSIFIED advertlFeraents and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established jat 1096
Valencia st. ' .
U6O0 — ELEGANT home; thorough construction;
beautiful finish; 6 fine rooms, bath, pantries,
large basement, etc. : lot 50x100; N. side of
wide avenue; excellent neighborhood. H. D.
IRWIN. Railroad waiting room, Lorln Sta-
tion. Open Sundays.
BRYANT. 110 L" cor. of Ninth— Two front fur-
nished rooms, one a parlor, cheap.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
BURNETT, 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rmt., suit's, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 705 (St. Peter's House)— New
house, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
CARROLLTON. 1106 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner: well furn.; rms. & offices.
FOLSOM. 965. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single; new mgmt.
BARGAIN In a new house . now In course of
construction In the ¦ Linda Vleta District;
• finest residence location in Oakland; recep-
tion hall, parlor, dining-room, kitchen, pantry,
4 bed rooms." basement, etc. ; If you want a
home see this place ; easy ¦ terms if -desired.
JAS. S. NAISMITH. 452 Ninth et.
GEARY, 14A— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
11 50 a week up. ' . .
GEARY, 405 <Th» Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms;sultes or single; travelers accom.
ARE you erlne to build? Call and get prices
for good building lots on Telegraph aye.,
Orove St., and vicinity before investing else-
where. R. J. MONTGOMERY, i7O Thirteenth
(it.. Oakland. -¦-. ¦; - .- - . •--,».
GIRARD HOUSE. 192 Seventh— Pleasant sunny
rooms; day or week; moderate rates. .
GLEN PARK aye.. 9. off 12th, nr. Mlesion— One
eunny furnished or unfurnished room for lady;
clocet and bath. - •
BUNNY rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
ing; *< up. HnM Shasta. 1228 Broadway. ;
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALei.
AN introduction to you from 11. Rchellhaac, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
GOLDEN GATE. 727— Finely furnished front
room; .water; 2 gents.; private;. .reasonable.
GOUGH, 70S— Two unfurnished connecting cor-
ner rooms; running water: place for -stove.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mlsiion St.— Select
family rooming house: 11 60 to |« per week.
HARRISON, 7?« H. nr. 4th— Finely '. furnished
¦unny rooms, bath, all Improvements; home-
like; Jl week up.
HOWARD. S»— Room* from Jl week up to J5.
Its to II night; al»o houfiekeeplng ; romos.;
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 103 (50
cents per chare) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will Ue payable at, the office of the
company, 327 Market street, on and after Mon-
day, Aoril 2, 1900. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, . March 27. 1930. at 3 p. m.
K. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
LAKKIN. 1702— Sunny nloove or smaller rooms;
rent reasonable; In private family. ¦ V
MINNA. CC7. corner Eighth— New furnished bay
window room. Jl per week; transient.
NINTH. 20, near Market— l- sunny room; run-
ning water; Ms; IC ' . '
OAK, 111— One large room tuitnble for two gen-
tlemen or man and wife; nicely furnished.
O'FAltßlil^L. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms • and
offices; elfvator; electric lights: Jay/ wk.. mo.
POST. c:i— Two sraall : »>uriny rooms," furnished
!5 «-ach per month; Protestant 1 . Christians;
neither drink nor smoke In the house. .
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.:
suite* or singles: running water; ; gas; ¦ reap.
KOSEDALE Hou»e,3i9 k 821 Ellis st— Rooms,
rJeht. 2Sc to fl; week. Jl 15 to »4; open night.
TROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. March 24, 19C0— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate/ will be r»»celved here,
until 12 m., Friday, April 13, 1900. and, then
ntx-ned. for furnirhlng 71 cavalry horses and
3S artillery horses at the Presidio of San Fran-
olsco. Government reserveu right to reject or
accept any or all bids, or any. part, thereof.
.Bids will -be considered for a less number of
horses than that tstatod. Preference given to
articles •of domestic production.' conditions of
'¦ price ' and quality (Including Jn the - price of
/foreign productions -the = duty thereon) being
I equal, and such preference given to articles ot
American production produced on the I Pacific
, ; Coast,'- to extent of consumption required . by
-the public service- there." Information -fur-
nlshed on application to J.:M. MARSHALL,'
¦ Deputy i Quartermaster General, : U. S. ¦ Army,
Chief Quartermaster. : ' '¦."' , : -
ItOYAL HOUSE. 1M Ellis »t— lncandescent
light, reading rccm, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to f 1 60: week. 12
:=: = to 8S; month. $S to t; 0: elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths/ ..-•-•-: .-.-
• VIED.* .»""',-*¦'
Allen.' Carrie M. * ; Kenney, ' Elizabeth ¦
Barnett. Thomas King, John W.
Crofts/. Sister Mary , Klein. 'Fred jr. -
i: Denny. Jane ? Lynch, Mrs.;E.;< .
. Donnelly,' Francis R. . Llntott/ Charles
Dwyer, Catherine . Mackel, Charlotte -
Duncan, ¦ Catherine * Murphy, Josouh G:
Emery. Mary A. . ?: . • Joseoh F.
Franchl, Rev. Chas. More. Eleanor H.
Fong Ah On : Musgrave. Howard
Gallagher. Ellen ' A. ; ' Palmer. • Mary ;- - •
Hawxhurst. Caroline '• Ryan. .William P.
Howatt. John B. ¦ Steleer, Mrs. . Amelia
Kinsman. . Eugenia R.; Whalen. Mary ¦: -"
ALLEN— In this city, March 24.' , 1300, . Carrie
M.- Allen." mother of Mrs. William, Short and
Charles H. Allen, a native of Massachusetts.
ICTFuneral. services to be held at Snelllng,
Merced County, Cal. . -7 . " . ¦". "
BARNETT— In this city. March 25, 1900.
Thomas Barnett, beloved : father of . William
T. and Abraham T.; Barnett and Mrs. 'Henry
Davis of Reno, Nev., . a native of Wreshen,
Prussia, a*ed'74 years.' (Reno. Nev., papers
' please -copy.) .:''¦¦ . ' . ¦ ¦ ' , • : .
¦¦ H7Frleniis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the . funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday).- at 10:15 o'clock/ from
¦ his late residence, 90S O'Farrell street. -, lnter-
ment Hills of Eternity ¦ Cemetery by 11:30
o'clock, train from Third and Townsend
¦ streets: - . ' - v . ' - ¦-'..",¦¦,¦¦'¦¦'¦¦.•¦ .
CROFTS— In this city. March 24, i9OO, at the
Magdalen Aeylurn, -Sister Mary Augustine
Crofts, a native of Cork, Ireland, aged . 80
. years. / ; •'-:.'"¦ ¦'-¦' "¦*'"'¦ ." .¦ ¦
¦. CyA requiem mass .will be 'celebrated " for
1 the repose, of her soul this day (Monday); at
9 o'clock. Funeral- Immediately ¦: afterward.
Interment St. Michael's Cemetery.
DENNY— In this city, March ,25. 1900, Jane
Denny, mother of ¦ Captain . J. E., Peter,
Louise and May Denny, a native of St. John,
N. 8., aged 73 years 9 months and 16 days.
? Sacramento, -Cal., . papers please - copy.)
-.-.., IC7"Notice ol funeral hereafter. . -:
DONNELLY— In this • clt y, March 25, 1900,
Francis R.'. beloved husband ¦of Henrietta G.
Donnelly, father of Stella and the lata Ches-
ter Donnelly, son of Mrs. M. S. : Donnelly, and
brother of Laura L. Donnelly, a native of
t California," aged S3 j years 6 months and 23
t days;- "-. > -....,. - ¦¦ ' : • ¦ ' 1 . '¦¦
. C7Frlend»> and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Hall, Fourteenth and Railroad avenues. South
Ban Franoiaco, under the . auspices of the
South San Francisco Lodse No. 212. F. and A.
M. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. :
DWYER— In this city. March 25. 1900, Cather-
ine, beloved wife of the late Anthony Dwyer,
mother of Mrs. William Wright, Mrs. N.
Bisonette, Mrs. P. Pflster and M. J. F. and
Katie Dwyer, and .ulster of ' Mrs. J. McDon-
ald, a native of Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 72
years 7 months and 10 days.-"" (Syracuse, N.
V.. * papers please copy.) -"-.V- • ' ¦
; |C7PYlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence; 1420 Hyde street/, thence to St. Brid-
get's Church, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way, where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, ; commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Kindly. omit flowers. -Inter-
. merit Holy Cross Cemetery. -~ ¦• ' . . .
DUNCAN— In this city, March 23. 1900, Cath-
erine Duncan, a native of Ireland, ased S6
years. ¦ , ':. ¦' - -." " •;¦¦ ¦ ;.;' , : ¦
C?* Friends and , acquaintances are re«pect-
'¦ fully Invited to attend the ¦ funeral this day
(Monday), from St. Dominic's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing" at 9
o'clock.' The remains will be taken to Benl-
cla for Interment. . ?
EMERY— In this city. March 25, 1900, Mary
Alice, beloved ¦¦ daughter of Dr. and Mrs. C.
A. Emery, aged 2 .years 7 months and.' 2s
¦ days. ¦ • ...-¦¦-: ¦¦¦¦ - ; -, ¦
FRANCHI— In Mllpitas, March 23, 1900. Rev.
Charles Franchl, brother of John Franchi of
Italy, Louis Franchl of San Francisco, and
C. F. Franchl. and brother-in-law of Mrs.
F. Franchi of - San Francisco, a native of
Italy, aged 67 years. • . .
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), on the arrival of the 7:30 o'clock
train from San Jose, thence to St. Mary*
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his roul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary. Cemetery. , , . * .
FONG AH ON— ln the City and County Hospi-
tal, March 25, 1900, s. Fong Ah On, a native of
; China, aged 42 years.
GALLAGHER— In this city, March 24, 1900,
¦ Ellen Alena. beloved wife of the late James
E. Gallagher, and mother of Mamie Gal-
lagher, a native of County Cork, Ireland/aged
60 years. A member of Golden Gate Council
No. 60. Order of Chosen Friends. '-'
JCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the -funeral this day
. (Monday), at 8:10 o'clock, from' her late resi-
dence. 44 Shipley street, thence : to St. ; Pat-
. rick's Church, . where a t requiem . high mass
11.1 1. will, be celebrated for. Ihe I repose of. her soul
at » o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. V, . . '-.... ;,A. ¦>;, :-:.: .-:-:¦ :",
HAWXHURST— In .this city, March 24. .1900.
, Caroline Hawxhurst. a native of Connecticut, .
aged 93 years and 3 months. -' 1 ' ' -
ETFrtends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral 1 services this day • (Mon-
day), at 12:30 o'clock, at her late residence.
.2128 Vallejo street. . Interment private, lp
.Mountain View Cemetery. :'¦. .
HOWATT— In this city, March 23, 1900, John
Bell Howatt. • beloved husband of Catherine
Howatt, and father of William, John. Sadie.
Walter. Albert, Arthur, Eddie. Ethel and
Llllle Howatt, a native of Glasgow, Scotland,
aged 61 years 10 months and 11 days.
KINSMAN— In thts city. March 24. 1900, i Eu-
.. genla'R., beloved wife of C. W. Kinsman, a
native of Waukagan, 111.,- aged 66 years •¦ 8
'months and 3 days. , , . -.;¦¦¦ ¦: .
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday),' at 2 o'clock, from her , late -. resi-
dence, 719 Webster street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. -
KENNEY— In Berkeley, Cal.. March 23, 1800,
KlUabeth. beloved; wife of J.-W. Kenney, a
native of- San Francisco.
IC Funeral strictly private. Funeral notice
hereafter, t; . / . ? . ' *
KING— In this city, March - 24. 1900, John W..
beloved son of Joseph and Ellen King/: and
brother of Daisy, .William, Joseph, Ella and
Thomas -King,' a native of San Francisco,
aged 14 years and. 22 days. . ¦
C7"The funeral .will ' take i place . to-morrow
• (Tuesday), rat- 1:30 o'clock/ from the residence
of the parents, 927 Jackson street/Interment
private. Mount Cal vary j Cemetery. ;¦ •'. ; :
KLEIN— In Concord, Contra Costa County/ Cal.,
Fred J.,' beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. P. ' J.
Klein, and brother of Charles. Gus and Katie
Klein and Mrs. - Charles Hlng, a native of
California, aged 21 years and 3 months.'. . .
"IC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, which
will take place from Presbyterian church.
Concord, | Ca1., . , to-morrow (Tuesday), .at 2
o'clock. ' j-~jiirijiiipirt]iiiMMMjnriiMro>i4ijTii>_ig
LYNCH-tn this city. -March 24, 1900/ Mrs.
Elizabeth Lynch. , dearly beloved' mother; of
Mrs. James H. Smith, Mrs. : George W. Gar-
ner and Mrs. James S. Barnard of Lynch-
burg, , Va., a. native ' of ; Carmarthan, -' South
Wales, aged 75 years 9 months and 21 days.
'Chattanooga, Term., and Pottavllle, Pa.; pa-
pers please copy.) • ..:¦-.. . ;, :
. - ICFriends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully . <nvlted to attend the funeral this day
• (Monday);' at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, ' Mrs. James - H." Smith, ' : 123
Eleventh street/: between ; MlFsion . and How-
ard. Interment I. ; O. O. F. Cemetery. ; -;{ -.'
j LINTOTT— In this city. March 24. 1900, Charles,
I husband of Mary A. Lintott. father of Wal-
ter R. Llntott, and grandfather of Margaret
and Walter R. - Lintott; a native of London,
' : England, aged 6S years. ••-,--•..--: •¦- ¦-;
'¦:' .. JCTNotice- ¦.¦: of ¦ funeral hereafter; Please
omit flowers.'-. '.,..'.., . . • .. ¦
MACKEL^-In this * city. March 23, 1900. Char-
r . lotte, ¦:. beloved - wlte of ' Peter ; Mackel. ¦ and
:, mother of , Mrs.-. Lizzie Williams and Henry.
Lena,- Emma and. William Mackel. - a native
of Germany, aged 45 years 11 months and 15
: days.;- ¦ :¦¦ . < ;¦ •'. ¦;..'. -':,.¦¦ " ¦ .¦ : . ,: . -?-.. ¦
MURPHT— In this city, March 25, 1900/ Joseph
¦ - G.; beloved won of O. A. and Mary L/ Murphy,
•va native of San Francisco.'"" - . • ¦
MURPHY— In this city. March 25. 1900, at St
Mary's Hospital,' Joseph IF., husband of Mary
¦ Murphy, >: a ; native of , the -city of Waterford,
.'lreland, aged 40 years 'and 6 months. •-¦--
] ICTRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
¦¦. ; nor^ & Co., 7C7. Mission street. :' v'-
MORE— In Monroe, lowa/ March 18. 1900, Elea-
nor 11. More, a native of Plttsburg, Pa.; aged
;';''. 76 years. ¦¦ '" ;¦..* ' -:¦-.-..¦ . : - •-..-- .. •
C^Servlces *t 46S Thirteenth Btreet. • Oak-
land, Cal./ to-morrow (Tuesday),' ot 2 o'clock.
'¦¦Interment Mountain View Cemetery ' " ¦
MUSGRAVE— In this city.". March 25." 1900/ How-
atd W.,' beloved son : of Mary and Joseph | N.
-Musgrave,- and brother of , Kenneth. Edward;
"John, Annie and" Jeanette Musrrave, a na-
• tlve of > Nova : Scotia, . aged . 21 ; years : and 2
months. :..\ . ;.'¦ •-':'¦ ¦¦...-:.-• .. >.:. -.._.•..... ;•¦,..,...- ; ¦ .
PALMER— In this city, - March 23, i 1900, • Mary
: Palmer, t beloved . mother of ; John P.- Palmer.
Bridget ; Delaney and' Thomas ¦. Palmer, and
grandmother of Fred. Palmer, a native of the
•' parish ' of . Aghaboe, Queens ; County, 7 Ireland,'
¦-aj;ed"Bs years. ¦_«.;,.* - •¦ - ; ¦¦ ¦-? •--,-, ¦
'. -. (nyThe funeral will take : place ¦ to-morrow
' ¦ (Tuesday), . at 8:30 o'clock,*' from her late renl-
¦/. dence, . Seventh : street. ; thence to St. .Jo-
seph's Church, i where a solemn requiem mass
, will be celebrated for the repose . of her soul.
commencing lat 1 9 o'clock. ;^ Interment Holy
..Cross Cemetery. >. %.-
THE PIEDMOITT. 119 A Sixth— Sunny furnished
rooms; double and single; easy terms. . .•
VALENCIA, 834%— Front parlor ¦ neaUyl fur-
nished for 8; bath: rent reasonable. . • - .'
9
O Time - ' Time Time Time '
* Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
y L;W HW¦¦ ; L. W jg. H W
It... 121 ' 2.7 .7:11 8.1 1:48 0.4 t:4o 6.1
7.V.". 2:13 J.I 8:24 5.2 2:37 0.5 9:25 5.3
•8 ... 8:11 1.4 .9:23 6.3 3:29 0.7 10:01 5.5
:i> ... . 4:00 0.8 )0:2» 5.4 4:11 1.0 10:39 5.7
10 ... 4:47 0.3 11:25 6.4 4:51 1.4 11:15 5.0
!1 ... 6:32 0.0 12:20 8.2 5:32 1.8 11:52 '5.9
1 .... 6:21 —0.2 1:11 '4.9 8:12 2.2 ......
• ¦Steamer.' .1 • From. ¦¦, .: I Due.
From.
Due.
Bonlta ..........|Newp0rt. .1....... ......... Mar. 25
Oeo. ¦ W. Elder, i Fort In nd.:. Mar. 2«
Progreso .......iTacoma..... Mar. 26
Crescent City... Crescent City..:.. Mar. 28
Empire • ..(Coos Bay "..*.......... Mar. 28
Czarina. ........ [Puget Sound.... Mar. 26
Australia ......'Honolulu.... Mar. 21
MattPawan ....jTacoma Mar. 27
Arcata.....-.....|C00s 8ay....'..;...;. Mar. 27
Pomona ... : San Dieg0...".............. Mar. 23
Queen- Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 28
Bristol ......... Oyster Harb0r............ Mar. 28
Warfleld .' Oyster Harb0r...'....;...-. Mar. 28
Orizaba ........ Humb01dt........ .:....... Mar. 2S
Aloha ...... ....|Oescont City. ........ Mar. 28
Point Arena,..".. Point Arena...... .... Mar. Zi
Curaca0. ........ Mexic0...:..... Mar. 29
North F0rk..... Humboldt.. Mar. 29
Coos-8ay........ Newport Mar. 30
Samoa \. -.-.:. :v. Humb01dt.......:.;.....;. Mar. 30
State of Cal..;. Portland... Mar. HI
Del Norte Oregon Ports.. ... Mar. 31
China .......... China and Japan Mar. 31
Corona ...:.:... San Diego Apr. 1
City of Sydney. Panama.. Apr.: 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. 2
.Steair.-r. Destination. r • . Sails. .. I PJer. .
Corona .... San Diego.?.'.. Mar. 26,' 11 amlPler 11
Utnatllla .. Vie & Pgt S<l. Mar. 27. 10 amlPier 9
Centennial : Kahului. ...... Mar. 27, . 9am|Pier 2
Bonlta Newport....... Mar. 28, ft am Pier 11
Colon . . Panama...::.. Mar. 2S, 12 m PMSS
Arcata ".'..;. Coo« 8ay...... Mar. 28. 13 m Pier 13
C. Nelson... Makawcli..... Mar. 28. - 9 am Pier- 2
Columbia .. Portland.. Mar. 29, 10 am Pier 21
Santa 'Rosa Ban D1egr0..... Mar. 30. 11 am Pier 11
Pomona .... Humboldt..... Mar: 3o. - S pm Pier 9
Hongk'K M China & Japan Mar. 31, 1 pin PMSS
Pt.-- Arena.. Point Arena.. l Mar. 31, 2pm Pier .'2
Queen ...... Vlo & PKt Sd.jApr. ¦ 1.10 am Pier *
Coos Bay... N«wport;.*.r.:.lApr. 1. i 9 am Pier 11
State of Cal Portland...;.. I Apr. 3. 10 am Pier 24
Sieair.-r.
• ¦Steamer.' .1 • From. ¦¦, .: I Due.
From.
Due.
Bonlta ..........|Newp0rt. .1....... ......... Mar. 25
Oeo. ¦ W. Elder, i Fort In nd.:. Mar. 2«
Progreso .......iTacoma..... Mar. 26
Crescent City... Crescent City..:.. Mar. 28
Empire • ..(Coos Bay "..*.......... Mar. 28
Czarina. ........ [Puget Sound.... Mar. 26
Australia ......'Honolulu.... Mar. 21
MattPawan ....jTacoma Mar. 27
Arcata.....-.....|C00s 8ay....'..;...;. Mar. 27
Pomona ... : San Dieg0...".............. Mar. 23
Queen- Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 28
Bristol ......... Oyster Harb0r............ Mar. 28
Warfleld .' Oyster Harb0r...'....;...-. Mar. 28
Orizaba ........ Humb01dt........ .:....... Mar. 2S
Aloha ...... ....|Oescont City. ........ Mar. 28
Point Arena,..".. Point Arena...... .... Mar. Zi
Curaca0. ........ Mexic0...:..... Mar. 29
North F0rk..... Humboldt.. Mar. 29
Coos-8ay........ Newport Mar. 30
Samoa \. -.-.:. :v. Humb01dt.......:.;.....;. Mar. 30
State of Cal..;. Portland... Mar. HI
Del Norte Oregon Ports.. ... Mar. 31
China .......... China and Japan Mar. 31
Corona ...:.:... San Diego Apr. 1
City of Sydney. Panama.. Apr.: 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. 2
O Time - ' Time Time Time '
* Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
y L;W HW¦¦ ; L. W jg. H W
It... 121 ' 2.7 .7:11 8.1 1:48 0.4 t:4o 6.1
7.V.". 2:13 J.I 8:24 5.2 2:37 0.5 9:25 5.3
•8 ... 8:11 1.4 .9:23 6.3 3:29 0.7 10:01 5.5
:i> ... . 4:00 0.8 )0:2» 5.4 4:11 1.0 10:39 5.7
10 ... 4:47 0.3 11:25 6.4 4:51 1.4 11:15 5.0
!1 ... 6:32 0.0 12:20 8.2 5:32 1.8 11:52 '5.9
1 .... 6:21 —0.2 1:11 '4.9 8:12 2.2 ......
.Steair.-r. Destination. r • . Sails. .. I PJer. .
Corona .... San Diego.?.'.. Mar. 26,' 11 amlPler 11
Utnatllla .. Vie & Pgt S<l. Mar. 27. 10 amlPier 9
Centennial : Kahului. ...... Mar. 27, . 9am|Pier 2
Bonlta Newport....... Mar. 28, ft am Pier 11
Colon . . Panama...::.. Mar. 2S, 12 m PMSS
Arcata ".'..;. Coo« 8ay...... Mar. 28. 13 m Pier 13
C. Nelson... Makawcli..... Mar. 28. - 9 am Pier- 2
Columbia .. Portland.. Mar. 29, 10 am Pier 21
Santa 'Rosa Ban D1egr0..... Mar. 30. 11 am Pier 11
Pomona .... Humboldt..... Mar: 3o. - S pm Pier 9
Hongk'K M China & Japan Mar. 31, 1 pin PMSS
Pt.-- Arena.. Point Arena.. l Mar. 31, 2pm Pier .'2
Queen ...... Vlo & PKt Sd.jApr. ¦ 1.10 am Pier *
Coos Bay... N«wport;.*.r.:.lApr. 1. i 9 am Pier 11
State of Cal Portland...;.. I Apr. 3. 10 am Pier 24
Sieair.-r.ADVEHTISEMENTS.
Dri" Parker* ¦"cou«h*Ojre.:On« dos« win stop
a coucb. Ktver falls. .' Tor, it. .-. All dnutsjUU. • ,
\ BOW EM i
i SCO
» "Them that has .—^
. Those who have the best tMngs -,t» \
, eat are the most particular where they
buy — for quality tells '
\ SPECIAL SAVING SALE
: Monday Tuesday Wednesday
| Butter— reg'ly 45C square 35c
" EggS— reg'ly 20c dozen 1 5c
I Coffee— Kona 25C
1 reg'ly 30c lb ground or roast
Fast superseding foreign coffees —
1 it's 'American you know
\ Whisky-o k 3 bottles $2 ¦
> reg'ly $i bottle $4 gallon gallon 3
» Pure— medicinal
1 Corn— Sea Foam V ,
; Succotash— Sea Foam J 23C
I Raisins— reg'ly I2jic lOC
\ ; v For the table , •.
Cherries in maraschino 60C'
reg'ly 70c bottle— French
For cocktails and desserts
• GliveS— Dolly ' Varden jqC
reg'ly 35c bottle— different sizes—
f : Short like Dolly" Vardens's skirts
1 "r-others big-7for variety
i Cheese-^New York state • 2OC
reg'ly 25c lb— rich cheese ¦
! ,of finest quality
; Prunes— reg'ly 10c lb 3^lbs 25C
; Big fruit— plenty of meat
, Lemons— reg'ly 25« doz 15c
1 Golden fruit
; Canned fruits jtins2sc
reg'ly : 10c tln-ri lb
J Apricots peaches pears
; plums nectarines ,,
• Ginger— cvo«*c at Biacinceri 25c •
' . regHy 35c pot— preserved
> ; Vinegar— L'&tragon 25C
iV:, reg'ly 30c bottle •; ...
~ For fancy cooking
i Washing powder 7pkgs 25c
reg'ly 6 for 25c— 1776
;bentifrice-««xiM 2 O c
reg'ly 40c bottle V
1 • Beautiful teeth make a beautiful fa«
<NigHt:lights 16c
' reg'lv 15c box % Pope's Head :
100 lights for a dime
ToileVpaper--^epo«a $\'\6
reg'ly $i."» dozen rolls
vTalcurn powder j tins 25c
: reg'ly" 10c tin-^f or babies— '
for men who shave
MatZOS— reg'ly ioc lb , ibs 25C;
Everybody likes them /•
/Tooth brushes-Wn«n Paris 25c I
•^: Loonen doesn t makt any '
t bad brushe*. .¦ • / , ">
TOBIN ORDINANCE AS
VIEWED FROM PULPIT
Sev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson Tells
Why the Supervisors Will Sup
press Gambling.
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson of the How-
Erd-Ktreet Methodist Episcopal Church
devoted his time last evening to answer
ing: questions put to him In writing by his
congregation. Among the many queries
answered were a number relating to the
ordinance introduced by Supervisor Tobln
to suppress pooiEelling in this city. Dr.
"Wilson said that in his opinion the or
dinance would go Into effect. He said it
was not the object of Mr. Tobin and his
friends to make a Sunday school out of
Ban Francisco, but to make it hard to rob
the unsuspecting and the unwary. He be
lieved that Mr. Tobin offered the resolu
tion in good faith and was anxious to see
Jt pass. In conclusion he said: .'i'. 11
Every one knows that the gambling of this
town Is of the "sun-thing" variety, and that a
voi? against tfai r» tolution is an indorsement
of "dead tame" gambling. As to the ordi
nance being too sweeping, breaking up all
t>port, etc., if any of these gentlemen know of
tt square game in this town let them make an
exception. The plea of broadness - and liber
ality la a very taking one, but good men can
not afford to mistake it for license. They know
that to sustain the present sporting system
ts It la represented by its own votaries is . the
narrowest kind of narrowness and the greatest
violation of liberality. Why talk of liberality
Jor thieves and cutthroats when the unwary
and innocent must suffer? Why sustain a sys
tem that sends annually half a hundred and
more to penal Institutions? The Supervisors
have It In their power to lift this city' in the
«t!mation of the whole civilized world. I am
concerned for a better and safer condition for
those who suffer. Let the laws protect them
fend not the wrongdoers. I am concerned for
the honor of this city, its Mayor and Board of
**iI»T-rlßorB, whom I helped to elect. I . was
told by eotne that I was making a fire for my
»<-lf. They will prove or disprove that charge
to-morrow.
I A l l-H w I
JL^rV 1 L^O 1
sT^ A sr^WsT^
PA I^IS
M AM. K^ JL +*J
' NOVELTIES
RT KOY.
•F'./\O-fl;l.ww>
- ' ...
During this entire week we will
have on exhibition In our large show
windows the latest Importations of
BLACK PARIS NOVELTY DRESS
£ ix D X\ 1 LfOi
These goods are from the hest mannfttc^
turers in Europe, and we ask tlie special
attention of our customers to this displaui
We will also place on sale this week
another large importation of 52-INCH HOME-
SPUNS and. CAMEL J S-HAIR CHEVIOTS, In
Oxfords,- CastorSj Shephßrd and Light Graus, \
(PA .00
Price cpl-— Yard.
• .. — ¦ —
ill, 113. U5. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.^
¦'¦ ii JTJ T mr i*imTi tr-»m iii' 1 1 ipr'i imti i>r»«iniiiii»fTr» xiijiin i ¦
CHANGES IN THE
POLICE FORCE
ON THE TAPIS
Pension Board Will Meet
This Afternoon to Dis
cuss Matters.
Speculation as to Who -Will Succeed
Captain Bohen as Chief of Be- -
tectives— Esola on the
"Slate,"
The new Police Commissioners will meet
this afternoon for the first time as a Pen
sion Board. The meeting will be an in
formal one, but important matffers will be
discussed, so that when the regular quar
terly meeting jls held - next- Monday the
' Commissioners "will- be prepared to rush
through the business. ¦&&&,
It is no 'secret that several-, of the old
bar. <ss will be retired to,, give place to
younger and more energetic men; and
among them are Captain Bohen of the
detective department. Captain Dunlevy of
the harbor district and several sergeants
and others who are eligible for retirement
even with the Increased age limit of 65
years, as required by the charter.
Three names have' been prominently
mentioned for the position of chief, of.de-.
tecUves, which carries a salary of $3000
per year. They are Captain Seymour,
J_>ete-ctive Robert . Hogan and •, Captain
Wittman. As between the two captains,'
Seymour's chances are considered the
more favorable owing to his years of
training and experience under Lees and
his admirable record. But Detective Ho-:
pan's friends say that his chances are
good, and thoee who know him appreciate
the fact that he Is sufficiently capable to
Sill the responsible office with ability and
Intelligence. - . ¦.
If Captain Seymour should be promoted
It Is considered certain that Lieutenant
Eeola will be made a captain and as
signed to the City Prison. If Hogan
Fhould be appointed chief of detectives
Ksola will get his captaincy anyhow and
l>e assigned to the harbor district, vice
Dunlevy. retired. Esola Is on the "slate"
to be made a captain to placate his
friends. This surmise is strengthened by
the remark of President Newhall when
Ksola's letter of withdrawal from his can
didacy for Chief of Police was read at the
meeting of the board. , -V - :
The applications of ex-Commissioners
Tobin and Alvord for pensions will also
form a fruitful theme for discussion. The
Commissioners have received written pro
tests from citizens against the applica
tions being favorably entertained, as it is
pointed out that the petitioners were not
members of the Police Department ac
cording to the McCoppin act: that they
did not contribute one cent to the pension
fund, which is compulsory upon all mem
bers of the department, and that they
received their appointments from the
Governor of the fatate, and not from the
ilayor of the city.
It Is understood that coincident with the
retirements by the Pension Board, Chief
Bulllvan will Issue his order No. 3, mak
ing important changes in the personnel
of the "upper office.". The report, has
been current for some time that several
detectives will be relegated to the ranks,
und men who have been doing special
duty and others in the ranks will take
their places. The issuance of the order is
looked forward to with much trepidation
by those concerned.
BOUGHT A "DREAM" AND
THEN HE ENDED HIS LIFE
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
DruamUU. Wo flaak.^ Slduurds'A Co. v 40s Clax.'
saa^sK»i*fia^s3!s«M3Sfas!^ssffi*E^Rw^^ : ?«f2Sh i^sss
Enterprising Thieves.
: .Yesterday afternoon ; J. l j I*^ Mulr, accom
panied {; by', a*C woman * named v Josephine
jWright.'S visited > a house near Ingleslde
and spent ; at portion ¦ of ', their, time < in' the
parlor. While. in -., the ¦ room i they • met a
Mrs. Ogden ¦* and r : a •*- female t companion.
Both of the latter ladles left the room for
,a minute and Mulr and his female friend
seized | the opportunity s. to I steal ; two | val
uable sealskin capes belonging to the wo
men. • : ; '':' '-- :^t.. ¦:-¦:¦¦-¦>,-,
1 - The ". thieves * -were ? followed S to • town;
placed under arrest and taken to. the Sev
enteenth street* police station;*, where they
were charged: with i petty, larceny: ~;
Weddlngr invitations, vlsltlnsr cards, Koh-
1-Noor ; pencils;:^"Waterman ' pens, 4 pocket
knives and | fine writing : papers ! In station-
ery department. - Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. v ¦ ;:j ¦ ¦¦.- - : •
Rev. Dr. Shepard on Divorce.
Revv' H/.T. ; Shepard of i theloilvet Con
gregational Church last* night preached on
"Woman's jProtest.',',' ln part hej^sald:- - ':•
The ' solution Tof ' the ¦ problemTbf !marriage
; said ¦ divorce • lies 5 neither -in ... civil ? nor in
ecclesiastical y- law; rit * lies in Individual ¦¦
purity of heart and personal nobility of life...
; On i these - foundations ; God •- and ; nature ; find
J'for man . his ¦, helnmeet and >here. the sacred- ¦"
¦ ness of j womanhood ¦is ¦ sheltered -: from "all
barm. The remediable bane of marriage is •
; not ' the -•¦ dissolution j of : unfortunate • union. '
Crltues , of ; cruelty; and of lust are grounds ;
f •- for Tseparatlon '. that : the ' world * must know -.
- till millennium ' days , draw , near.> The , bane " : .
: Is : found >in ¦• error., and : ignorance 1 that . wls
: dom . must q foresee .*j and «.' shun.' ' ,"• Perverted
"wills and untrained minds are the foe of the '.-.
marriage ; tie.'-~- If : Christ . was right there ; is '-
•no marriage In heaven. r> The pure and true
:' of the. world and of the church hold the key
. to 1 the ' problem. Laws • of : state : and church ' ¦
- : are but their servants and the perfect union ; *
'Is tn' Christian bonds.V ,;¦"•• -. '*. -;-:,>
RESTORED HIS SON'S SIGHT.
; : • SAN . FRANCISCO, Nov. i IS, 1895.' .
I . Oeo? Mayerle/' Esq.^-Dear Sir: ; After wearing
your special \ eyeglasses six months,' credit : and
many , thanks j are due you,', being the j means of
restoring .the 'sight ' of my son's eyss. Ma was
Buffering from , weakness -of j the eyes i and \ lln-
gerlng .' pains :; In ithe 1 * head. * : I have ¦ had him
treated •' by .' Dr.* Trenkle ' and others for the last
twelve . years, and had to buy different glasses,
but -none could.' give him relief until gocd for
tune let me get acquainted with you. =. Now he
Is so far recovered that he can • walk by day
and night with full confidence in himself. .
¦ 1 thank you again most sincerely, ¦* and should
sny: of .my 'friends need ¦ your, assistance I can
fully : recommend ¦ you ~ as ¦ an ¦' expert - optir.i&n.
Yours respectfully, »: LOUIS SCHUL.TZ,
Janitor Odd Fellows', building, San Francisco.'
Mr. Mayerle is la . charter member" of the
American Asjcciatlon of Opticians, and through
b'n ¦ oew ¦ and < exclusive } methods 'in examining
and • correcting I most * complicated , cases of ¦ de
fective eyesight Ihe I has | attained | almost . a na
tlcnal' reputation. Mayerle' a «1 os.*;3 j are - now
used by thj Mghest United State.. Army, Navy
and Government officials.:' They rest the eyes,
strengthen ' the " optic ' nerve and preserve ¦ the
Sight. .:, . ¦•- ,¦-.-_•, ¦ •-. ¦¦ - ¦ :¦¦ : -.- - . ' : ./. ..-' , -
;"*A new. discovery, '"OermanFyewater,". 50c.".
-•-• Ccnsultations, * exfttr.inatlcns end advlco free.
Open evenings uYitll 9 o'clock. /Address all cmn
munlcatlons. to ; G » ).; Mayerta. , V erman E^cpvrt
Optician, 1071H Market > treet, « 3an . Francisco.
: ... [Cut this out.] \ <'?. •••'
Unacquainted With Gas.
John Fierker arrived In the city from
CADETS DENOUNCE THE
USE OF CIGARETTES
TT TIIXIAM WYAND, a . representa
\/\ / tlve of Mission Dolores parish, was
V V ¦ yesterday I" awarded a . handsome
%*,*.'•; silver medal' for his excellent
essay on - ."The - ' Moral and Physical
Effects of Cigarette - Smoking ;on the
Youth of America," which he read at the
annual rally and essay contest of the
Second District, League of the Cross/held
in ; Mission Parlor Hall, Seventeenth
street, near Valencia. . • :
, F. Koch of St. Charles' and Paul ; Fra
tessa of St. Theresa's parishes competed
against Mr. Wyand, but the judges of the
contest thought their, essays .were not j as
brilliant as that : of , the i victor and de
cided accordingly. The • contestants
showed preparation and their efforts were
highly appreciated by the large number, of
members and friends of , the organization.
This marked the second time Wyand has
won a trophy for an essay on the subject.
A, year ago he succeeded in defeating a
number of ambitious cadets who were de
sirous of representing their parish in the
district rally. His; victory yesterday will
now entitle him to compete in the annual
rally which will be held In a few months.
Wyand will then , be pitted against the
brightest 'essayists in the * various -dis
tricts and ' have the opportunity for com
peting for the diamond . medal offered by
the organization., :..•>- ¦ : . .
The exercises opened with the singing
of the •.'Venl Creator," by. the audience.
This was followed by some Introductory
remarks by : P. < J. - Lawler, chairman of
the meeting. In a general way he out
lined the .work t of i the organization and
told of Its successful efforts in inculcating
the principles of temperance and the dis
use of tobacco In the young : men of < the
city. F. ; Koch delivered his .views on the
subject under discussion, and his > efforts
were rewarded * with ¦ applause. ¦
Wyand, the victor, followed and surprised
his auditors • with -¦ his •¦¦ knowledge of ' the
subject - and his .eloquent delivery. ;? Paul
Fratessa .next delivered I his essay, and at
its conclusion the Judges,* Miss Agnes Re
gan, James . A.', Emery and Neil- Power,
retired, I and after .'deliberating, gave their
decision ; In > favor : of ». Wyand. .- ' Amid ¦ loud
cheering, v Rev. # Philips O'Ryan, spiritual
director of - the ; society,, pinned . the • silver
emblem; on ¦; the .victors' coat. -
-Miss Josephine Nicholson rendered a so
prano solo and the - rally concluded with
the . singing of . the ; Te : Deum.
ABSCONDER GRIMMEL
ADMITS HIS GUILT
Confesses in the Broad-way Jail,
Where He Was Placed by the
Federal Authorities.
Edward K. Grlmmel, who absconded
from this city Jast December with a num
ber of checks belonging to the United
States medical disbursing department, and
who was recently captured In Philadel
phia, was returned to the scene of his
crime last night and placed In the Broad
way Jail.
Grlmmel, who was a civilian clerk In
the medical department, took a check
book containing 400 checks and during the
month of January drew checks payable
to himself to an amount approximating
110.000. He operated in the East and
South, and represented that he was pur
chasing agent for the Government.
When seen last night Grimmel admitted
his guilt, and said he gave the officers a
chase before they landed him. He visited
most of the States and operated wherever
he could. *: . ;:
PLENTY OF WORK
FOR HUNTINGTON
TO DISPOSE OF
Many Matters of Importance
to Be Laid Before the
Chief.
Occupants of the Yellow Building
Agog Over Prospective Changes
Impending in the Various :
Departments.
Perhaps to-day, or maybe to-morrow,
CoIUs P. Huntington will slip Into town
on his special train, and the first any one
will know of his presence will be from the
lights flashing through the long-darkened
windows of the California-street residence.'
He always comes that way, and he will
not depart from his usual custom. A few
trusted retainers will be in the secret and
will meet him at the boat, or; It may.be
at Sixteenth street, .Oakland, so that he
will ' get the .news properly colored from
the start off, but ; there will . be no cheers
nor handshaking nor noticeable gathering
of officials. . > \
?; As "on, every ¦ previous, occasion ; of the
Southern | Pacific president's visit, rumors
of. probable effects are rife in railroad cir
cles. ¦ There is a great deal doing Just now,
and the old railroader Is not- going to -let
anything pass without having something
to do with it. The coming election of di
rectors is, of course, the principal business
in 1 view,- for the -results ;of all the wire
pulling and coonublating will show there.'
The last ' vestige ' of the • Stanford and
Crocker interests will ' vanish ' with : this
meeting, and Jluntington ¦ will have su
preme control.' .Who he will have In the
board .to represent' him is the interesting
question under discussion; ¦ ¦
The relief fund -business is not yet dead,
either, and there Is some fine work for the
old -man 'tot do there,- too. ¦ The employes
of the road are not yet willing to give up
their legal rights, and how to make them
do so. with a glad heart and a blithe mien
is also up to the chief. • V
There Is a. cloud Inthe direction of the
telegraphers as . well. -:: For - nearly ; three
weeks the board of control of .the Order
of Railway Telegraphers has been in quiet
session in this city discussing grievances
and how to mend ¦. them. ; They i wish: to
have established ; a system by which • the
rights of the older operators will be recog
nized. -As If is now,: length of service; is
no guarantee that a man will advance pro
vided a younger : man ¦ has i friends i In . the
inner office.;: Time. and' again' the old op
erators • have ¦ seen • favorites . passed over
their heads to higher positions and higher
salaries, and they arc beginning to think
something ought to be done. ; Some sort of
a satisfactory system has been put in op
eration in , the East. ; and : an : attempt will
be made to put something of the kind jn
operation here. ; Huntington : wiir have
something to say about that, too. :
I The Impending competition of the Santa
Fe and the -Valley : road ; will 'also provide
a field 'for: the 'chief's 'scheming, > and the
fact that on. his .way .out 1 here the presi
dent has dropped 'off at- Santa*. Monica
seems <to . Indicate .. that - those who - be
lieved the Southern Pacific- had ' given •up
the - southern -- harbor . scheme ¦ were *. hood
winked again. > He . is - lust - going to ? take
a run over there to look at the harbor he
didn't get, but hopes to secure some day,"
that is all.; But it is probable some work
will , be done on ; that ¦¦ question - too I before
the magnate goes ¦ back ; East. .>
The summons from ¦" the old . railroad
commission is still unserved and
cd." '• It has ' probably > been " forgotten r? or
else has rusted its seal off. It. will be re
membered .that one . time three years i ago,'
while the 'railroad commission ;; 4 was" hold
ing ; a"- special session * * for ¦> Hun tlngton's
benefit. It became Inquisitive and the pres
ident had to find; urgent' business la New
York and then go East to look out for it
He was in contempt of tho commission,
but it seemed not to, be the kind of con
tempt that common people indulge In,, for
he has been back once since then and no
one has heard of the outraged t feelings
oT the commission. They will probably
not be paraded this time either.
.Another rumor, Interesting as any of
the others, says Huntington will this time
arrange for a permanent residence In Cal
ifornia. But on that subject he has said
nothing so far. ¦
The yellow building Is all agog over pos
sible changes, not the. least of whichT as
was announced in The Call,' will, be the
appointment of, a new man to.the posi
tion now held by William F. Herrin. The
prospect of more trade with the Orient is
another question the president will be
called upon to handle, and altogether his
visit should be a momentous one, unless
he decides to quit work and go East again
just after the meeting of the board.
Honolulu Saturday and engaged a room
at the Ahlborn House. As he had 'not
been accustomed to the use of gas, when
he retired at night he turned It on slight
ly so that he could light it quickly if
burglars should enter his room. He re
membered nothing more till he awakened
in the Receiving Hospital yesterday morn*
ing. He was found unconscious in bed
and sent to the hospital in the ambulance.
He will recover.
FIRST BA PTIST CHURCH
SOLEMNLY REDEDICATED
Impressive Services In the Recon
structed Edifice Which Was
. Partly Destroyed by. Fire.
The reconstructed First Baptist Church
was yesterday solemnly consecrated to
the service of God with prayer and song.
Not a vacant chair nor an inch of stand
ing room was to be had when the morn
ing services began. It was an important
occasion to the congregation, as it was
the . first time services nad been held in
the church since it was partially de
stroyed by fire In October fast. Fortun
ately the fire was confined to the upper
portion of the structure, and it was pos
sible to roof over the lower story with
dome and skylight, so, that the edifice is
now more comtor table and .commodious
than before."
The services opened with the singing of
the Doxology. after which the .Lord's
prayer was recited. The choir I then ren
dered the > anthem, "Praise ¦ the Lord, O
My : Soul," after which there .was i respon
sive reading of Psalms 98 and 100. • The
"Gloria" was sung, followed by the report
of the board of trustees, in which the
chairman told of the present standing of
the church. He was pleased to state that
the . church was rededicated ¦ free from
debt, so that the usual collection was un
necessary. : :
Rev. E. A. Woods, pastor of the church,
then preached - the dedicatory sermon
from the words In II Chronicles, 7:1: "The
glory of -the ¦ Lord filled the ; house." . In
part he said:
' At i the dedication of the temple the sacrifices
were placed upon . the altar . and as Solomon
closed . his prayer the : fire came down from
heaven and consumed * the * offerings and ' the
glory of the Lord filled the house. ¦ The scene
was Impressive and inspiring." r . ,
'The history of all races 'of men confirms the
fact that ' worship lis an instinct of tho human
soul. 'All generations of men have been .wor
shipers. The value of worship is not In its use
to God, but its help to us. : Every house of wor
ship is a place of Joy. and strength to those
who worship there. . . God will not dwell in this
house save as he dwells in our hearts. If each
Lord's day. we enter this sanctuary with hearts
full of his sDlrit then, and only then, will be
glory of the Lord fill this house. - -'
': Special ) services were held In • the even
ing.-- ;.,: ,¦ :.-.¦. -:;.-..-- ....
William Zingg of Alameda, whom Miles
claims was in league with Leet to get pos
session of Lowry s money, makes the fol
lowing statement:
Lowry and I never had any business rela
tions whatever. While I yas running a shoot
lnKKalleryin Portland. Or., In 1389, we be
came acquainted. While Lowry appeared to
have plenty of money, I never saw him spend
much of it, and he always complained of, his
poverty. I I conducted the shootlnr srallery at
Portland for six months, at the end of which
time I returned to Alameda and started a cigar
store. I did not meet Lowry again for at least
six years. Then about a year ago we met In
Ban Francisco and I Invited him to come and
see me, which he did several times. He was in
my • store about two weeks ago, but only
dropped In to pass. the time of day.
F. J. Leet was employed by me when I was
running the shooting gallery .In Portland.
When I left Portland .he started an
other gallery, . but he ' j gave that up
and when . he . came back •to ¦ Alameda
I gave him employment by sending him to Va
llejo to run a . shooting gallery there. . He
fleeced me out of some money and I discharged
him. , I haven't seen him for five years.- w«
don't speak as we pass by. I understood that
he was also engaged in the aluminum plate
glass letter business, but whether or not he
was associated with Lowry I don't know.
by these names and his familiarity with
the handwriting of the deceased that
Miles was enabled to clear up the mys
tery surrounding the suicide. In addi
tion Lowry sent a letter to Miles which
the latter received the day after the sui
cide, and in which Lowry said:
V_ THURSDAY. March ».
Dear Tom: It cannot be helped. I drank too
much on account of love for. my dear sister,
Dossie, and the only girl I ever loved, Maud.
"Lowry was an 'Englishman," said
Miles, "who has been knocking about In
this • country for several years. 'Dossle,'
mentioned in his letter, is his half -sister,
who resides at Carlisle, England. A few
days ago she sent him $200. expressing the
hope that It would assist him in starting
in business for himself. He f 6ll in with
a man named Leet, who undertook to
sell him a half-interest in a shooting gal
lery contrivance known as 'The Soldier's
Dream,' and belonging to "William Zingg
of Alameda. After he, had paid his money
he found that he had 'been led into a bad
bargain and had practically lost " all his
sister had sent him. He became very de
spondent In consequence and told ,me
Thursday that he had made up his mind
to jump into the bay."
THE young man who committed "sui
cide Friday afternoon by jumping
into the bay from the ferry boat
Oakland, displaying a pistol to keep
back several men who sought to
pre\-ent him from carrying his in
tentions Into execution, has been identi
fied as "Jack" Lowry, who worked for
Cook Brothers, decorators, on Sutter
street. It is claimed that he killed him
self because he lost all he possessed in
a Questionable transaction with some
contrivance known as "The Soldier's
Dream."
The Identity of the suicide was disclosed
by Thomas E. Miles, who- operates a pat
ent printing machine on Grant avenue,
and who claims to have been a lifelong
friend of Lowry. According to his state
ment Lowry showed him a card Thursday
afternoon on which he had written his
message of farewell to the world.
The letter which was found In Lowry'B
hat after he Jumped overboard makes
mention of "Dossle" and Maud, and it was
THE SAN; FRANCISCO OOALL^ MONDAY, MABCH 26, 1900^
AGED RESTAURANT
KEEPER BEATEN
BY TWO THUGS
Enter His Place of Business
While He Is Alone and
-Try to Rob Him.
After Taking His "Wallet They
Throw It Away So as to Avoid
Being Arrested-— Police on
v" Their Trail.
One. of the boldest robberies reported to
the police : for: some time was ' committed
late Friday night in a restaurant owned
by Thomas Healy at 148 Fifth street. That
the thugs did not succeed In carrying out
their purpose was due to the screams of
the restaurant proprietor, who was the
victim.- ¦ .
Healy Is a very old man and ¦is emaci
ated from sickness. Shortly before mid
night . Friday an " evil looking young man
entered; the restaurant and called for a
cup of coffee. .' Healy was alone at the
time and had just - hnished counting the
cash preparatory to closing his place of
business tor the night when the stranger
appeared. After being served with the
conee the stranger asked Healy to show
him to the rear. Not suspecting anything
wrong, the old man led him to the kitch
en anu then opened the rear door leading
to an . alley off . . Natoma street. As he
reached the alley Healy was attacked by
another man, who was lying in | wait for
him, and dealt a stunning blow In the
face. * - .
As ha staggered against the door the
thug caught mm by the throat and threat
ened to strangle him if he made an outcry.
The young man whom he had escorted to
the alley then searched the helpless vic
tim, taking a wallet containing $110 and
some valuable papers from an Inside vest
pocket. Seeing his earnings disappear in
the robber's pocket Healy, despite his old
age, bravely resolved to recover the
money or die in the attempt. Summoning
all his strength he succeeded in freeing
himself from the grip of the thug who
held him by the throat, and seizing the
robber who relieved him of his precious
wallet he attempted to forcibly regain
possession of it.
While he was struggling with the fel
low the second robber dealt him a terrific
blow on the side of the head,* almost tak
ing him 'off his feet. Realizing that the
men would not hesitate to kill him, Uealy
shouted at the top of his voice for help.
A citizen who was walking along Natoma
street heard his screams and hastened to
his rescue. Becoming alarmed for their
own safety, the pair left their victim and,
running, through the restaurant, made
their escape.
. Healy was almost exhausted when dis
covered by the citizen who was attracted
to the scene by his cries. He briefly told
the story of the struggle with the thugs
and the loss of his wallet. The citizen
lost no : : time in finding ' two - policemen,
who searched for . the' thugs, but in vain.
After giving a description of the men to
the omcers ¦ the citizen • returned .to > the
restaurant and assisted | Healy . in . locking
up • the place. Before leaving Healy,
thinking that the robbers might have
dropped the wallet In their anxiety to es
cape, procured a light and searched the
alley. To his intense surprise, he found
the - wallet intact lying on the ground a
few feet away from ¦ the i scene of the
struggle. The next morning Healy visited
police headquarters and I told Chief Sulli
van of .the robbery. The latter immedi
ately detailed two of his best men on the
case, but thus far they have been unable
to locate, the robbers.
Complete External and
|^^^^^^ Internal Treatment
libs
3 |>£lgH(V^B|BpWW| Coaslstlof of CUTICURA SOAP (85c.), to cleans* the
jffjlgflgß^ffiajfcft»BmflPlß Mkia of crusts and scale* and soften the thickened cutU
£j Pf^^^^^^^fffl *••• CUTICURA OINTfiaVT (50c.), to Instantly alUy
P^)2m ¦ ', *^'?T.JT3H»ffI • tehlB sTt Irritation, and inflammation, and soothe and
! HfSP^TSfBSw'ySTEiI beaI ' * nd CUTICURA RESOLVENT (50c.), to cool and
fj cleanse the blood. A single set U often sufficient to cure
r tfae most tortnrlng, disfiguring skin, scalp, and blood
raSjrtMagjgg^^&B humors, rashes, Itchlngs, and irritations, with toss of
&&%&d££&sF&Mm '"'r.^hen the best physicians and all other remedies
it Ul> Sold throughout ihe world. POTTER DRUO AND
I rt^&^asf&SSsmm CHEM - c °R p "» So' 6S 0 ' 6 Props., Boston. " How to Curt
IB B^T Humors," free.
pfl vfZ) /i^jUvaSl _
F [wK^Km AL^^Kn^^^Bssss^BN Plss3bbs^^^s^bssssssb^^bs^S9v*^^l srfl*y iiBB W ¦ SmSß^^Mssl
.» 'Z « ... . -s .. . . . . . ..'¦¦¦''. . •.
BOLDBraa. bowiic t co'a special SAvraa sali
Baskets — telescope— good ones
Length Inches .15 16$ 18 19 20 /
regjv, Jo 35 45 55 65,
•pedal .85 30 3} 45 53
Shawl straps 25c
. regH 35c— 5 ft font '^Z
Made of leather __
• Send portal for catatogne
Pree delivery m Mill Valleyani *^
Belvedere
4»sPta« utSutv tSao Call fora t* San Prt»d tea
I«7S O«r Mm Eleventh an 4 TWalfth Oakland
IjONTDOIST SMOIQ3
GLASSES.
Eye protectors for the Dusty Season— they ear
ba had In any style> or shape. Including thos<
with th» new clip— never slip*, tilts or wtren
! Bauteh A Lomb-Zelsa Stereo Field Glajae*
j Oculists* prescriptions flUad. Factory en preia.
la«sv Quick rtpaiiias. Phoae, ilal a IA,
OPTICIANS^^SrVI^PWIttTUAi'
642 Market 5£ insTßyiiiina
STEIN WAY PIANOS
V USED AT ALL
PADEREWSKI
PCITALS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Fteifi* Cotst ReprsisatttiTM.
V ALALfc' treet - to « doM '
IVn ness secUqn. places "
Anil of amusement and "
r»Fk » ATI\ de ' ots: xm rooms. !!
U Aill 1 V tached. The largest
. . ¦ . .'¦ and finer* hotels !a "
WAXCI C the Trorld - Amert - '>'<
' UylLLj^^ Eurooeaa J
TLJr FAVORITE
PSCRIPTION
M FOR WEAK WOMEW.
10
Ferry-Boat Suicide
' Was Jack Lowry,
a Young Briton.
Fleeced in a Shady
Deal He Became
Despondent.
ADVBBTISEBa^JTS.^^