FIFTY MINERS LOSE
LIVES IN AN EXPLOSION
Death's Awful Harvest in a
West Virginia Colliery,
CAPE TOWN, March 6. — Nearly the whole of the Dutch popu
lation of the Prieska and Kenhardt districts are in rebellion. Many
of the Dutch from neighboring districts are reported to have joined
them, notably Piet Moolman, who will lead the rebels to Brandbles.
Lucas Steinkamp, commanding the Boers, is reported marching on
Carnarvon. It is believed that Gordonia and Victoria West will
rise. It is thought that the total number of men in arms will
exceed 3000. The general opinion of loyalists is that a strong
force of British will be required as a reverse would spread the
rebellion.
LONDON. March 7.— There is import
ant news this morning from all the
fields of war. General Buller re
ports that Natal is practically
cleared of Boers, which points to
the probability that while a portion
cf General Joubert's burghers fell back on
La!nps Nek and Majuba the main bedy
crossed the Drakensbergr Mountains to aid
In resisting Lord Roberts. Many military
men find It hard to believe that the Boers
have abandoned their strong positions at
Elpgarsberg.
Facing Lord Rcberts there Is a constant
ly Increasing force of Boers, occupying,
according to various accounts, a front es
timated at from ten to eighteen miles in
length. The Boers whom General Frencn
ehelled and temporarily discomfited hav«J i
crossed the Modder River and now hold j
a position on its northern bank. Lord ]
Roberts' force, which also occupies both j
bank? of the river with a cavalry brigade i
on each wing, is waiting for ammunition
and supplies before advancing. Fighting
on a large scale is expectt-d shortly. Mean
time the commander in chief maintains a J
rigid silence regarding his movements.
Yesterday's news makes it clear that j
Cape Colony will soon be free from Boers, i
On all three lines on which the British
are working progress has been made, not
always by dint of hard fighting, but by
the gradual retreat of the Boers. General
Gatacre, who siijce h)5 disastrous attempt
has been occupying- himself atSterkstrooraJ
T.-!th occasional marcr.es to Cys3srjpi3 ana -
Molteno. advanced on Monday to Storm
berg and found the strong position there
vacated by the Boers. . >
Thelr retreat was accelerated by the ad
vance of General Brabant, who. starting
from Dordrecht with a force of about ISOO
men, attacked Labuschagnes Nek on Sun
day, and held the position when the day
closed. On Monday .the Boers retired,
taking their guns with them, and when
last heard of they were trekking fast In
the direction of Allwal North. Those re
treating from Stormberg, If they do not
make a stand at Burghersdorp, will
probably make their way to Bethulie.
Whether they will cross the frontier un- i
molested depends to some extent on the
operations of General Clements. Yester
day he was at Jouberts Siding, one sta
tion beyond Coresberg. As he now has
10.000 men, he is likely to make an attempt
to cut off their retirement. Thus the
three Boer forces which invaded Cape
Colony and seized Colesberg, Stormberg
and Dordrecht have all fallen back. They
have failed so far to combine, but in the
Free State they may effect a Junction.- In
each case the Boers managed to take
away all their guns, as they have done in
Northern Natal. Their skill in removing
these heavy pieces of ordnance is one of
the most remarkable achievements of the
war.
Further dispatches from Ladysmith
show that relief did not arrive a day too
soon. Mr. Treevee, a medical officer, has
telegraphed that on his entry into the
town he found its state deplorable. There
were no. loss thaji 800 cases, of typhoid
fever," and as the perioil of Incubation of
typhoid is two and sometimes three weeks
it is feared that there will be a great
many more cases among the garrison.
thoogh Lord Salisbury previous to last
Friday had not considered the . further
prolonging of Lord Pauncefote's term, he
apparently become ¦so much Impressed
with ' the strength of . the arguments re
garding the " Embassador's acute knowl
edge of the matters pending between the
two nations that he asked him If he were
willing : to remain. . Lord Pauncefote re
plied in the affirmative.
« : No • definite, period was mentioned by
Lord Salisbury, so It Is probable that the
dean of % the diplomatic . corps will not
leave Washington ' this year at : any .' rate.
At the end of a year the British Go vern-
ment hopes for a settlement of the vari
ous controversies.
No communications of any kind have
passed ..between the two Governments In
regard to Lord Pauncefote. and not even
any unofficial -Intimation was given to
Lord Salisbury by any -representative of
the United States that Lord Pauncefote's
retention would be .acceptable to the
American administration.
Death of an Inventor.
CAINSTAMT. Wurtemberg. March «.—
Herr Galmler, the Inventor of the motor
car bearing his name, died her* to-day.
Desires to Prevent an Outbreak of
Hostilities Until the Completion of
• the Trans-Siberian Railway.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by
the New York Herald Company.
YOKOHAMA, March 6.— No one of
the legation In Toklo nor any of the
Japanese officials will acknowledge
that war with Russia is imminent,
and it Is well, known in diplomatic
circles that at present Japan and Russia
are working secretly to obtain concessions
in Korea against other nations; but this
does not mean that a clash between Rus
sia and Japan Is not coming In the future.
Japan is the only serious obstacle In the
way of Russian Eastern policy. Japan
must have Korea, which already is flood
ed with Japanese coolies, who. are really
soldiers. /
¦Russian transports pass through Naga
saki constantly laden with troops for Port
Arthur. The Japanese common people
have a great hatred for Russia and
would welcome war without counting the
cost: but they have little power. Japan
has not money for war and Russia will
vleld to Japan so long as the trans-Si
berian railroad is Incomplete. An Ameri
can engineer. who has been over the road
reports that it cannot be used effectively
for nine months.
* Rumors of an impending war originated
In Shanghai, - not In Japan, and were
based on generalizations, not on facts.
Russia Is now changing her representa
tives throughout Japan. %nd would not do
so if she expected an immediate outbreak.
As during the last three years a crisis
resulting in war might arise at any mo
ment; but for the present It Is not at
hand, and in my opinion Russia can pre
vent it until she Is ready.
RUSSIA NOT YET READY
FOR WAR WITH JAPAN
COLONIALS CONTINUE
TO DEFEAT BOERS
DORDRECHT. March 5.— Following yes
terday's success. General Brabant again
e-ctured the Boers to-day with advan
tage, holding the position captured ye.
terday There was some smart fighting
this morning, the British losing five or
six men and capturing the Boer fort, thus
vastly improving their position. The
Boers fought tenacious^'.. contesting every
inch of the ground, but ultimately they
retreated suddenly, carrying off their guns
aid wagons. A mounted force pursued
them but the result is not yet known.
The British casualties during the two
tfays were thirty wounded and twelve or
thirteen killed. The Boer losses are un
known. Throughout the arduous fight and
eevere fatigue the Colonials have behaved
splendidly. ,
ACQUISITION OF DELAGOA
BAY NOT BEING SOUGHT
IX)NTX)N March c.-In the House of
Commons to-day the Pjril""^^
retary of the Foreign Office. W Illiam St.
John Broderlck. replying to questions In
connection with C;e war. said no nego
tiations were proceeding between Great
Britain and Portugal regarding the ac
quisition of Delagoa Bay or any other
part of Portuguese East Africa.
The Boer prisoners at Cape Town, he
added, numbered C 27 men. exclusive of
those captured at Paardeberg or by Lord
Roberts In other engagements.
Questioned In regard to the students
disturbances at Montreal Mr. Chamber
lain. Secretary of State for the Colonies,
said he regretted the unfortunate riots
and" briefly recounted the occurrences say-
Ing he was happy to add that a telegram
yesterday evening ehowed their cessation.
LORD ROBERTS'
LATEST REPORT
LONDON, March C— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Lord
Roberts:
"Osfonteln. March 6.— General Gatacre
occupied Stormberg yesterday. The lines
of railroad north and west will now be
repaired. General Clements is at Jou
bert's elding station, beyond Colesberg.
The Duke of Marlborough, with the Ox
ford company of the Imperial Yeomanry,
has left Cape Town for Naauwpoort.
"General Buller reports Natal now prac
tically dear of the enemy and that cc
cannot hear of any armed body of them
anywhere. The Boers left some ambu
lances full of their sick, from which the
mules had been taken for transport serv
ice."
BOERS ENTRENCHING
AND MOUNTING GUNS
LONDON, March 7.— A dispatch to the
Dally News from Modder River, dated
Monday. March*s, and describing the Boer
position In front of Lord Roberts, says:
"The Boers seem to like to be so busy
entrenching. They have mounted eight
guns on high kopjes. It Is marvelous how
they drag these weapons Into such posi
tions. It is reported here that at a recent
emergency meeting of the Free State
Raad, at Bloemfonteln, a radical differ
ence of opinion developed, the majority
favoring peace at any price, but the mi
nority, including President Steyn, advo
cating a fight to the end."
MONTEREY MAN KILLED.
MONTEREY. March 6.— News comes
here that a former Montereyan, John
Todd, has been killed while fighting in
South Africa with the Royal Canadian
Infantry against the Boers. The details
have not yet been learned here and It is
only known that he was killed during
Lord Roberts' campaign against General
Cronje.
Todd enlisted In the United States army
at the outbreak of the war with Spain
and served to the end of his term in the
Philippines. Afterward he joined- the
Royal Canadian Infantry for the South
African war and has been with that regi
ment through all Its hard fighting. .
AMONG DUTCH REBELS.
ORANGE RIVER. Cape Colony, March
6.— The recent British victories ha* e had
a wonderfully quieting effect upon the
rebel Dutch, many of whom in the neigh
borhood of Douglass are reported dis
heartened and about returning to their
homes. The commando in the neighbor
hood of Britstown has been given carte
blanche by President Steyn to raise as
many recruits and to do as much damage
as possible. The rebels in the neighbor
hood of Kenhardt are particularly ag
gressive, acting on the supposition that
the troops of Lord Roberts are fully occu
pied in the Free State. ( ,
LANGTRY'S HUSBAND VERY ILL.
CHICAGO, March 6.^-Captain Hugo de
Bathe, husband of Mrs". Langtry." is dan
gerously 111 in the British Military Hos
pital at Cape Town. .'.A cablegram to this
effect has been received by Sirs. l*ngtry.
LONDON. March 7.— The round robin
in favor of the annexation of the
Transvaal and the Free State,
which Is being promoted among the
supporters of the Government in
the House of Commons continues to re
ceive signatures. The signatories of the
memorial to Mr. BaJfour affirm that the
time has arrived for plain speaking Inside
and outside of Parliament, and that Lord
Salisbury's words are construed into a
pledge against annexation, and Lord Rob
erts' proclamation Into a. promise of no
confiscation of Boer property.
The Transvaal agency at Brussels
threatens a rising of the Cape Dutch in
the event of annexation, though why the
Dutch should rise then rather than now
is not explained.
Round Robin Promoted by the Support
ers of the Government Continues
to Receive Many Signatures.
ANNEXATION OF FREE
STATE AND TRANSVAAL
party In less than an hour, bat they met
greater difficulties after that time. It was
then that telegrams were sent to Mont
gomery. Charleston and other places for
physicians . nurses and caskets, but dur
ing the greater part of the day there was
use only for the caskets.
All work was stopped In the surround
ing mines of the district and the people
within a radius of many miles assembled
on the grounds of the Red Ash Company.
As the victims Were brought to the sur
face and carried away on the hastily con
structed stretchers it was frequently no
ticed that many met their husbands,
fathers, brothers and sons among the res
cuers when they thought these men were
In the mines. The meetings between the
men who had not yet entered the mines
and their families were very touching. AH
those who could not find their friends In
the crowd assumed that they were In the
Inclosed mines.
Grief of the Relatives.
The population of the mining village Is
only 1500. AH are miners and very many
of them are related and they all know
one another. There was great distress all
day among those who could not find their
friends or hear from them. As Tliunnond
Is only three miles from the scene of the
disaster there were some few in the mine,
who lived at that place, but for the most
part the victims resided here, and the
calamity will reach almost every little
house in the mining town. None of the
people here have been at their homes dur
ing the day, but all have remained around
the Red Ash mine. Some have not eaten
during the day. Food was liberally sup-,
plied to the relays of workmen in the res-,
cuing party, but many of the women who
could get no word of comfort refused to
eat or go to their homes.
At a late hour to-night the most relia
ble estimate obtainable put the number
of victims at fifty. The capacity of tho
mine is 173. but there have "been only 130
on the payroll so -far this month, and it
is said that less than half of these were In
¦ the mine at the time of the explosion.
The manager, superintendent, bosses,
bookkeepers and others aro very busy
with the force of .rescuers, but at the
same time they are all very reticent a a
to. the extent of the . casualties and any
other information regarding the disaster.
Awful Sights Witnessed.
The scenes around the homes where tho
bodies are lying to-night have drawn some
of the Immense crowd away from the
workmen at the entrance of the mine.
Those working on the rescue relays say
that the scene becomes more terrible as
they get farther Into the mine.
Bodies that cannot be Identified or
recognized have been placed In tho
large . blacksmith shop of the Red
Ash Coal Company, and that place
presents the appearance of a horrible
morgue. Although the bodies are man
gled beyond recognition, they are sur
rounded by those who are in distress and
hunting their lost friends.
The general belief is that the explosion
occurred from contact with dust when
the miners entered, this morning with
their lights, and that it was not due to
fire damp, as had been currently reported
all day. Nearly all the men employed In
the mine were white, only about one-fifth
being colored, and most of the men were
married, and had families in the little cot
tages near the tipple of the great mine.
A special train arrived from Montgom
ery at 7 o'clock to-night, filled with re
porters, physicians, nurses and others,
and one car contained thirty caskets.
After the arrival of the train, an order
was sent back to Montgomery for fifty
more caskets. Another train arrived from
Charleston with physicians, caskets and
relief supplies. Still another train came
In frorn-'Hlnton. but there Is no need of
physicians and nurses, as evidently all of
the vicUins are dead. The work of rescue
is being continued during the night and
will be kept up until the mine is clear.
FIRE CREEK. W.. Va.. March 6.—
The most disastrous mine explosion
ever known in the New River dis
trict occurred at the Red Ash
'mine shortly after the miners went
to work early this morning. Although
the most heroic work of the rescuing
party has been going on incessantly all
day, it Is Impossible to-night to estimate
the full extent of the loss of life and prop
erty. . . -
Ten bodies have already been taken out,
and the total number of victims will
reach fifty. There Is little hope for those
still In the mine, and who number at least
forty. The cause of the explosion can
only.be conjectured, but it is believed to
have resulted from dust, as was. the case
in a Pocahontas mine some years ago.
The Re.d Ash mine is a large drift, and
the explosion occurred near the entrance,
which was thus closed by the falling
slate, entombing a large number of
miners. The scene of the disaster is be
tween this place and Thurmond, on the
south branch of the Chesapeake and
Ohio Railroad. J. Fred Efflnger of Stan
ton, W. Va.. is the principal owner of the
mine.
Relief parties from great distances ar
rived as soon as possible. State Mine In
spector Plnckney, with a corps of ex
perts, has been on the ground during the
day rendering all assistance possible and
devoting his attention more toward re
lief than to an official investigation as
to the cause of the disaster.
Rescue Work Impeded.
The managers and bosses of all the
mines in this district came to the scene
and joined in the work of rescue, but they
were greatly impeded by the extent of
the enormous blockade at the entrance to
the drift. The large . side tiers of the
entrance were blown out, together with a
lot of heavy timbers. Even -mules were
hurled some distance. The force of such
an explosion caused an immense falling
of slate and other debris, so that the en
trance was filled. As many men as could
work at one time were digging away with
all their might, and these were relieved in
short relays ; by, other men, so as to ex
pedite the . work as much as possible.
t The first successful strike of the rescu
ers was at 10 a. m... when ten men were
recovered. Seven of them were already
dead and the other three were dying.
As the miners had fallen at different
places in the drift, and the explosion had
caused the falling slate to blockade the
rooms In different parts of the mine, the
work of rescue met one. great obstruction
after another. The men reached at 10
a. m. were not far from the entrance,
while others were at much greater dis
tances within the drift.
At the mouth of the mine the scene
was heart-rending. The wives and chil
dren and neighbors of those who were
known to be entombed were there in full
force and their distress was pitiable.,
While they were all seeking to help those
who were rescued and to get the mine re
opened, yet these bereaved people were
for the most part in the way of the res
cuers and had to be held back from the
entrance.
Fail to Pump in Air.
The mine is one of the largest in West
Virginia and was very heavily timbered
In the different drifts. It was for this
reason at once feared that those who had
not been killed by falling debris at the
time of the explosion were pinioned by
these connected timbers and might suf
fer death from' suffocation. Air was
forced into the mine by engines on the
surface, which were kept working after
the explosion, but it was found that air
could be pumped into the drift for only a
short distance, .as the coal, stone and
earth shut off all avenues. The pumps
and all other machinery in the mine were
demolished so that everything had to be
done through temporary arrangements on
the surface.
After the men got under headway In
the work of rescue they reached the first
Fighting on a Large Scale in the
Orange Free State May Soon
Commence.
Ten Bodies Have Been Recovered, and
There Is No Hope for the Rest of
the Entombed Workmen.
Republican Forces in Front of
Roberts Are Entrenching.
INCREASE OF BOERS
FACING THE BRITISH
DEATH ENDS THE TRANCE
OF MI SS ELI DA W I LB UR
After Two Years of a Deep Sleep, From Which the Efforts
of a Score of Physicians Gould Not Wake Her,
She Passed Quietly Away. V
MISS ELIDA WlfcBUR, WHOSEISIiEEP ENDED;IVITH HER LIFE.
mISS ELIDA WILBUR, who " for
two years lay unconscious to all
her surroundings, baffling the
constant attention and efforts of
skilled physicians, passed to the great be
yond yesterday morning. She died at her
mother's home, 2228 California street,
never having regained consciousness since
the fateful day when she was found part
ly asphyxiated by gas.
Full of sad and pathetic incidents are
the last few years of Miss Wilbur's life.
A young girl In the bloom of life, beauti
ful of face and figure, courted by her
many friends and one of the most popular
young women in society, she was cut off
from the world by a single and fearful
stroke of blighting misfortune. When the
which marred her life and re
sulted ultimately in her death occurred,
she was the betrothed of James Dunphy.
the only son of one of California's
wealthiest cattle men. ¦ From prospects of
a glowing, and happy future she was sud
denly launched into a world of darkness
and all the blessings of nature and the
happiness of her social life gave place to
a misery as complete and perfect as is
visited upon mortal being. y
A Living Death.
The 'accident which made Miss Wilbur
the "living dead" for over two years hap
pened on the evening of February 16, 1803.
She and her betrothed James Dunphy. had
been visiting a mutual frtend. Returning
to the young lady's home at an early
hour, Mr. Duriphy did > not leave for some
little time after. "It was rumored- at" the
time that the lovers had quarreled, and
that he left the house unreconciled and de
termined to break the engagement exist
ing between them. The next morning Miss
Wilbur was found sitting In a large, easy
chair -In her room. A< gas Jet was open
and she was in 'a 'state of complete un
consciousness. : "¦¦' ¦- : ' ':. ' : .
The circumstances and conditions of ithe
case scouted the idea or theory rof at
tempted suicide. .'A window 'in the room
was wide, open and. Miss Wilbur's posi
tion, recumbent, and, a book . which s she
had been reading having -fallen at her
side were evidences of accident. • It was
supposed 'that \ the \ light was ' blown , out
by the draught coming!. through. the open
window. .The next morning. Mr. ; Dunphy
visited Miss Wilbur with an intent to es
cort her to Oakland, where she was going
to attend the funeral of a friend. J
Baffled Medical Skill. . ; .
From February 16, 1898, to the time, of
her. death over forty physicians had- been;
called In to attend Miss Wilbur at. one
tlmeor. other. Work as they would, pre-,
scribing every treatment known. to. medU
cal science,, their efforts were of no ."avail.
Specialists with reputations, national in
character took charge of Miss Wilbur; but
success did' not follow. .Varying , diag
noses were made, each physician being al
lowed a sufficient, time to prove or dis
prove the worth of his prescribed - treat
ment. »•» • :*.: * . - .¦•¦'
.Although unconscious, the patient was
not : insensible to pain. When suffering
physical agony she gave way to a spasm
of weeping and when relief came she was
instantly quiet and composed. During, all
this time of unconsciousness Miss Wilbur
was without the power of locomotion or
muscular articulation. At times there
were no indications in her face of- her
great mental disorder. Her eyes were
bright,.' her features composed and the>
expression that marked hqr countenance
was; that of a being with mind and.rea
son. Then 'there would come a sudden
change, and she would lapse Into a par
alytic condition.
' ' During the day the eyes were open at
will.' Nourishment, which was always in
.liquid form,' was administered through a
• tube, that ran into the aesophagus. Until
' two days ago, when Miss Wilbur began to
weaken, she was apparently in compara
tively, good '; health.
She Never Waked.
i The story -that Miss Wilbur regained
consciousness a few days ago and uttered
in a ; semi-delirium, "Nobody to love me,"
,1s emphatically denied by all persons who
have been in constant attention since she
was stricken down. . . •
..; The funeral .will be on Thursday morn
ing, no arrangements other than the time
set- having .been made. A- score or.two
physicians ( are anxious for an autopsy,
but Mrs.' Logan, the young lady's mother,
is averse to it.
Captain de Bathe, who Is a member of
Colonel Kretchmer's staff, was stricken
with fever shortly after the relieving
force entered Klmberley.
MUCH TYPHOID AT LADYSMITH.
LONDON, March 6.— Surgeon • Treves
cables from Ladysmith that the condition
of 'the town Is most deplorable and that
there are 800 cases of typhoid fever.
Lavish supplies of comforts' are now In
the place, however.
'— » ¦.¦;->',
WOMEN AMONG THE PRISONERS.
CAPE TOWN, March 6. — Many women
who are reported to be good shots • are
among the Boer prisoners arriving here.
The Dutch church has issued a manifesto
in favor of the Boer republic retaining
complete Independence.
> ¦
JOUBERT IN COMMAND.
LONDON, March 7.— A dispatch . from
Osfonteln. dated Sunday, March 4, to the
Standard says: "General Joubert is re
ported to be in supreme command of the
Boer forces here."
BIG LOAN AUTHORIZED.
LONDON, March 6.— The House of Com
mons, in committee of the whole, this
evening adopted a resolution to authorize
a loan of £35,000,000. The vote stood 161'
to 26. ¦ . •.....,¦¦••.: --¦- . ¦
Railroad Wins the Suit.
LOS ANGELES, March 6— The ' suit
wherein Judge Alexander Campbell asked
for $25,000 from the Los Angeles Railway
Company, was decided against him to-day
by Judge Allen In the Superior Ccurt."
Judge Campbell got off a car while it was
In. motion and permanently injured- his
hip. -¦ . ¦ -¦ ¦ . ?. . ¦ ••¦¦ ¦'„:¦ ' -¦¦.'
¦ -ii- .. ¦ ¦ m .' • ' ''* *t, .it 4
Congressman Harmer Is Dead.
PHILADELPHIA. March 6.-Congress
man "A. . C. . Harmer, » x the Representative
from the Fifth Pennsylvania District," died
at his borne here to-night, aged 75 years. 4
COLONEL CHINN SUES
A WOMAN FOR LIBEL
Besents Mrs. Banta's Charge That He
' Shot William Goebel From
¦*• ¦'"¦;• :' Behind:"; r "¦
FRANKFORT, Ky., March , 6.— Colonel
Jack Chlnn,,the turfman and politician,'
who -was with Democratic Governor Wil
liam Goebel when' the latter was shot, has
Mod a suitfor libel against Mrs. Kate M.
Banta, wife , of a merchant ¦ of this . city.
The flrst'paragraph;charges that the de
fendant, 1n | the I presence - of : various per
sons, declared that -she saw Chlmr "shoot
Goebel from f behind," and j that by this
llbelous declaration he has been damaged
in the sum of $25,000. .
The second count says that ] the defen
dant. Kate M. Banta, at numerous other
times and places in Frankfort, spoke and
published - these false, slanderous and
malicious. words concerning: the plaintiff:
"He (Jack Chirm): shot • and killed ; Goe
bel." .That ;said ; words .-.were spoken"
falsely . and <.: maliciously, and " for the
avowed purpose of ! charging , the plaintiff
with having fired the shot 'that, caused
William ; Goebel' s t death.! ;
THREE MEN RUN OVER
BY A FREIGHT TRAIN
One Dies of His v Injuries, Another
Will Lose His Leg and the Third
--^Is^SUghtly.Hurt.; ¦
SACRAMENTO, March 6.— Three men
were run ' over ' by a freight train at • Lin
coln, Placer , County, ; shortly = before £ 9
o'clock this , morning, , one of , whom later
died of his injuries," another, will probably,
have . a leg amputated and ; the third sus
tained a > severe , cut' on » the ) ankle. 1\ The
men- are i E." T.\Colvin. ". who'dled ; • Clarence
Carpenter," 'whoso ~[ leg ,was' crushed, }and
Oscar i Cole; #" Alii are ¦ residents .of ; Lincoln
and " were' at v' the depot "watching : the : dis
embarking of passengers from the Oregon
train . west', bound;' duo at Lincoln at 8:50.
'They were leaning against a freight car
standing on. the freight bouse track. A
freight engine In charge of Engineer
Kopka was shifting in the yard above and
ran down' to [the line of boxcars against
which; the men were leaning. The car 3
were ; moved only - a short distance, but
sufficient to run overall three of the men,
who were knocked down by the Jar of the
locomotive striking the forward car. One
truck ran : over ' them.
Colvin's chest was crushed and his leg-j
injured. He died shortly afterward. Car
penter, who is a young man, had his left
leg crushed and amputation will probably
be had. Cole came out of it with only a
cut ankle.' ...... : , •
NIHILISTS PLOT THE
DEATH OF THE CZAR
Russian Police Take Extraordinary
' Precautions to Prevent an
' . ' Assassination.
ST. PETERSBURG, March «.— The re
cent discovery of Russian and Polish Ni
hilist plots has led to renewed police pre
cautions. On all the Russian : frontiers
the police are exercising extreme vigilance
and are guarding j the Czar's movements.
The entire routes of the Czar's visits to
barracks, \ theaters and \ public - functions
are^doubly" patrolled ' by* secret police,
while the guards about the Winter Palace
and along the Neva quay are particularly
numerous. '^|£3§££*fi9^(SSJs§ij&s@i
¦ - ¦ ¦ . " ¦ : ¦ ¦ * .. I ;;"..' '¦ ¦
LORD PAUNCEFOTE WILL
REMAIN IN WASHINGTON
Fremler Salisbury Induces the Em
bassador . to -Continue at . His Q ,
V / ;.r Present Post.
1 LONDON. 1 " March 6.— The British , Gov
ernment I has f decided < that . Lord«Paunce
fbte, will remain : as Embassador at 'Wash
ington ; . Indefinitely, i The \ decision ; to;¦o ;¦ re
tain Lord Pauncefote Is chiefly due to the
unanimous ' declarations " of ': the •British
press ; In 'favor of ¦ such a* step; and,* : al-
VOLUME LXXXVII-NO. 97.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY; MARCH 7, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLBRITISH AND^BOERS J3EFORE i iBLOEMEONTEIN:
.', " Map of the country between , Paardcberg? the-' scene of General Cronje's V
surrender, and Bloemfonteln, the most probable objective . point' of; Lord •!'
Roberts'. next operations. This shows the positions of the several divisions- '
of the British army and also of the Boer commandos confronting them, ac«. ..
cording to the dispatches. The map Is made from one lately Issued by the ,
British War Office. • t
WATSON IS
TO RETURN TO
HIS COUNTRY
Will Leave^ttie;Manila S%
tion OwmgfetoUlL^
1 Health;^ K,'-":.:;C
Rear Admiral George C. Remey to 'Be
.. Ordered to Relieve the Present
Commander of the Asiatic
Squadron. > • -
wASrtirMuruiM, juarcn b.— on account
of the delicate condition of Admiral Wat-
Bon's health he has been • authorized to
transfer his flag to the Baltimore, which
vessel is to be detached from the Asiatic
squadron, and to proceed home by way
of the Suez canal and Mediterranean Sea,
stopping at such European ports as he
deems proper, as was done in the /case
of Admiral Dewey. He will probably ar
rive In European waters some time during
the summer and may go to Northern Eu
rope and visit the Paris Exposition.
¦ Rear Admiral George C. Remey, at pres
ent in command of the Portsmouth (N.
H.) navy yard, will be ordered to succeed
Rear Admiral Watson In command of the
Asiatic station. Captain Wilde of . the
Oregon, .the senior officer, next to Ad
miral Watson, will command the station
in the interval between Admiral Watson's
departure and Admiral Itemey's arrival
at Cavite.
General Otis cabled the War Department
to-day a list of casualties In the Philip
pines. It comprises eight killed and twen
ty-two wounded. Among those killed was i
First Lieutenant Edgar F. Koehler. Ninth
Infantry, who met his death at Tlnuba,
March 4. He was a native of Illinois.
The executive order issued by the Presi
dent a short time ago placing certain
islands of the Samoan group under the
control of the Navy Department is as fol
lows:
"The island of Tutulla of the Samoan
group and all other islands of the group
east of longitude 171 degrees west of
Greenwich, are hereby placed under the
control of the Department of the Navy
for a naval station. The Secretary of the
¦ Navy will take such steps as may be
necessary to establish the authority of
the United States and to give to the
islands the necessary protection.
"WILLIAM McKINLEY."
¦ Jn , accordance with this order the Sec
retary of the Navy has announced that
all the islands embraced therein "are
hereby established Into a naval station
to be known as the Naval Station of Tu
tulla and to be under the command of a
commandant. 1 ' . - ¦ ...
REQUIEM FOR THE ENEMY'S DEAD. .
. On the morning of the battle on the Tugela River. parties were sent but
.by the British. to bury their dead. They were met by the Boers, who as
sisted them in collecting the bodies and digging the graves, and when that
work was finished held a burial service and sang psalms over the graves.—
Press report, of the battle of the Tugela. . .
Special Dispatch to-The Call.
SAN MATEO, March 6.— Last . evening
the San Francisco and San Mateo Elec
tric Railway Company, was granted- by
the City Trustees of . San ¦ Mateo 'City a
franchise commencing at-. the .Intersection
of San Mateo drive and. Peninsula ave
nue' and' running. thenc«. t :" along Griffith
avenue to Its intersection wlth'Baldwln
avenue, thence through j private property
to Third avenue, and down -Third avenue
to a point opposite the ' Plaza and Burns
Hotel, San 'Mateo City.
-UThe railroad company had previously,
secured a right of way from , the prosent
terminus upto the polnt.where the newly,
granted, franchise at • the northern limits
of the city of San Mateo commences. It
is proposed to give a special" fast' service
to> San Mateo morning' and evening, and
It; is estimated that; the entire ..trip will
consume' 'one ' hour- and ' a j quarter, from .
Marketand Third streets' into San Mateo
City;* and 'one -hour and twenty-live min
utes from the ferry to San Mateo City.
It is expected Uhe company will run cars
every; half hour during the greater part
of- the day, and possibly every hour after
that until 11 or 12 o'clock midnight. The
rate of fare to be charged was under
stood to be 50 cents for the round trip
or" twenty-five cents' straight fare each
-way." Doubtless the company will sell
commutation -tickets at the same rate as
now obtains on the Southern Pacific Com
pany. I.'1 .' •'.;•;¦. • • !
:.; Special cars will have to be built for this
service,' equipped with hierh speed motors
and fitted with all tho modern require
ments.of a first-class Interurban and sub
urban- street. car service. Private right
of • way. will be built in ,a most sub
stantial manner along the ,'same lines
that obtain - in a 1 "first-class-, steam*
road ¦ construction. .This' :is. neces
sary owinp to ":the '-.speed/ the cars
are to attain, which Is forty
miles an hour, practically: precluding the
use of heavier, grades than are_customary
lrt'a steam road service. ••¦:,.¦ -,•"-¦' . '
•A- large number,' of the leading residfnts
of Ean-Mateo attended the meeting of the
Trustees' and expressed themselves fav
orably toward the granting of the fran
chise, asked for,- and the action of tho
board In unanimously passing the resolu
tion authorizing the use of the streets for
the street railway franchise was greeted
with loud cheers. ¦ .. .
WAMTEB'S B3HVrrTDIZ3.
Railroad Men;
4t "Deeds Are Fruits,
Words Are %ut Leaves."
The many 'wonderful cures effected by
Hood's SarsaparSLa are the fruits by
ivhich it should be judged. These prove
it to be the great, unequalled remedy for
dyspepsia, rheumatism, catarrh and all
other ailments doe to impure or impover-
ished blood. 1 _
Rheumatism — . "SMy mother, eighty
years old, has received much benefit from
taking Hood's SarsapariSa for rheuma-
tism." Agnes D. Derby, Jamesto^im, N.Y. ,
Catarrh — "£My daughter had catarrh
in the head and Hood's SarsapanEa cured i
it" SMts. Ed. Peterson,^ Kibbey, Mont.
Common' whisky Is a curse— the Old
1 Government is a blessing. * ¦ . " * '
POOL SELLERS' PETITION
MEETS WITH OPPOSITION
Gamblers Driven Out of Sacramento
i I Seek to Establish Themselves '"
.', r in Yolo County.
Special Dlspateh to The Call. . v. i l.i%:
WOODLAND; March 6.— T010 County
has -an ordinance . prohibiting pool-selling
In the county at all places except at Agri
cultural-Park.. The pool-sellers recently
driven out of Sacramento want to do bus
iness in Washington^ With ' this end in
view they have secured 125 signatures to
a petition to the Board of Supervisors to
repeal the existing ordinance and pass an
other ; which ' will ' license that ' form ' of
gambling. They have retained R. Clark
as attorney, and he . presented the • peti
tion, and proposed new ordinance to the
board to-aay. . He claims -the : petitioners
represent 60 per cent of the taxable prop
erty of. Washington. ; : . ¦„¦ ¦...'/.- v.: ¦¦
, A large delegation of, citizens was pres
ent to remonstrate, and they submitted
a petition containing more than 200 signa
tures. .. . '.. -. • ¦ :p\ ¦.-¦.:'¦-- : . ¦ ¦
>The board laid the matter over for one
month. Frank "Daroux is here and to a
Call representative he stated that he In
tends, to open a pool-selling establishment
In .Washington, no matter what action the
Board, of Supervisors takes.
Sweeping Republican Victory.
.SEATTLE, Wash.,; March 7 6.— The city
election , here to-day, resulted lin ? a sweep
ing victory for r the Republican . ticket.
While . at midnight complete : returns ;. are
not • available, there is . : every. ¦ indication
that Mayor Thomas ¦J. Humes has been
re-elected by a- majority- of from '1200 to
2000 and that the entire Republican ticket,'
with'the exception of perhaps two 1 Coun
cllmen, has gone In » by a vote nearly as
large. ¦ ' ' ' •
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••#••••••••••••••••••••••00
{ Free Electric Treatment. |® |
• To those who have drugged in vain, to those L^ •
• who've been robbed by quacks, to those who've lost r-'H \ •
9 faith in everything, '" ' 1^ \ m
• Dr. McLaughlin Offers Free 4/^ j S
J Trial Treatments at his office to prove that his Electric^Belt, ap- »v j^bß °
• plied according to his. metho.l, is a cure for the troubles from -\T^~^frffi§?J 'i 2
• which men suffer. To all who are s'.ck of medicines, which Srr/ /i/y . ®
0 never cure, I say < '^^^feM^^^^^- 2
• STOP DRUGGING! STOP DOSING YOURSELF! •
S Nature calls for new strength, and you will never be cured until r ~~S-- ¦<^^^^^i^>-- $
• you supply that strength. Electricity is the only thing that •
£ will restore strength to the nerves and organs, and you must >^^^^\ "^^^^\ •
• use it to be cured. To prove this 1 want to give evprv victim • \ %
• of the failure of drug treatment a course of FREE TREATMENT WITH /^" jav'ilS^^V •
S ELECTRICITY." It is free, absolutely, and without obligation on / <S^r^^f\\\. %
• your part. I want to prove that my method is the proper and /*/ * t f *y *
J only successful one. I have spent twenty years in search of x^ll " *
• the one successful method of applying electricity to the body by \%A •
J| means of a belt, which could be used while the patient sleeps at \ i|r *
O night and which would cure the weaknesses and pains from \wJf \ tll\ 2
J| which all suffer. I have found the right method. I have proven vjjy \*%l •
this by curing 5000 cases in the past; year after the failure of jS , >^i
• drug treatment and of various cheaply made high-priced electric -^^m JtL ••'•'
2 belts. My success is my own. It reflects no credit upon other "^ "^^<— CMP^lii '•"
• so-called electric belts, which do not generate enough electricity JwL J
J to be felt when, worn^because, they cannot cure; and a cure •
• is what every one seeks— a -cure above allthings; that is what 1 offer and can give you. •¦
• DR; MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT, |
2 An appliance of modern invention, possessing the strongest current, the most simple construction and the most -^'
S 'durable ''battery on earth, ," It is. warranted to give a current which can always be felt by the wearer. If it fails "^
2 to doso I will forfeit $5000., It is .warranted to hold its power without repairs for one year. It is the only belt -©
• on earth which has an appliance that will regulate the current while on thebody. It has soft chamois covered 0
• 'electrodes, which PREVENT THE; BURNING AND BLISTERING incident to the. use of other belts,, and •?
• above all it is appliedto each indiTidual case with a'vifw. to'the particular symptoms treated. This can be had •'
• • from no other Delt on earth— lT HAS *-^—— _ ; _i ? • 2
• A CURE IN EVERY TOWN. ' Rheumatism and Kidney Trouble. FREE BOOK. "•
S '•' -'¦-' "-"¦ "¦¦_; '_ • 566 Eleventh Bt.; Oakland. Cal.. * ? . .-¦• ? . - - Q
• . ¦ - , . • . Feb. i 7. lwo. If you cannot call, send at S^
• ; ".;"-- DR. 'lt. A. MeI^AUGHLIN— DearSJr: I '~±JL.*At mtr fro* hnnlr ,„:»*,• m
• TVn ir A IfnT ¦A-TTfITTT-TKT--' • have used several of your Belts and recom- once lOr my Tree DOOK, With •
:IIK M A mliliA lllTfl 111 ll mended thsm also to my frlenas. The Me /,,ii infnTnitinn p,xTarHmf>- •
UL\t Ul» IX. UlVUrXUUlllJlllj. LauKhlln Battery not only cured my rheu- lull miOrmaUOn regarOmg
Market :Bt.. "cor. Kearny, i a. f.; * SniL Sl ?m,^ <1 it kl<lney " t J? nb tl*«'Vn^t 1 *«'Vn^r 1o1 of ia irt # m Y treatment and descrip- #
•ft ' _.. , ? i~, '_ a»ri n »'onii"BMniul since found It an excellent restorer of vi- . y. . . . . , r_
rßurdickr Burdick ; block, cor. -. Spring and. Second tallty. «is such a comfortable invisroratpr tion of my famOUS" Electric ' •
A Sts., Los Angeles. ••-¦.•'».• . that I aY-ays keep one ready for use. You * . %
Z", : __¦ ¦ ¦ •*. 'i^'^-jV ' can refer*to me. --Yours truly, tjelt. ¦ a
• NEVER -BOLD IN; DKUOiSTOREg.'i-. . ... JAMES A.. JOHNSON. . .. - 2
J ; -'¦;'":•¦¦..•.• .-.U .-. .:: \.' ',::! r^-*— — .•-•.. ¦ ?-.-.-?• -. ~T* ¦ . -¦• ..''.- ¦¦--• : 'B'
SHEEP MEN SUFFER
OWING TO COLD RAINS
Farmers, However, in General Have
Received Much Benefit From
the Downpour.*. ¦-.'-.¦• •
SALINAS, March 6.— The whole of Mon
terey County has received a coplous'raln
storm and from all indications the down
pour Is not over. In the southern part of
tho county, where the rain was needed the
most, the heaviest precipitation Is report
ed and in all portions of Salinas Valley
the farmers are Jubilant. In the imme
diate vicinity the precipitation for the
storm has been .95 and 9.52 for the season
as against 8.03 for last, year. . •. "-'. .. .
' COVELO, March 6.— The ' severe /cold
rainstorm which has been raging in
Northern Mendoclno County the past four
days, is detrimental- to the Interests Of
the sheep men, who are suffering a; heavy
loss of lambs. The storm shows no indi
cations of breaking. Late plowing is de
layed. Grain that Is in is doing well. The
'precipitation, for the past twenty-four
hours Is 2.51 Inches... . . :
SAN JOSE, March 6.— Several -slight
sprinkles of rain fell here during- the fore
noon. A strong south wind and heavy
clouds- promise much more. It has been
raining all morning In the Santa" Cruz
Mountains. . V_.
NAPA, March 6.— Steady rainfall con
tinues. ' The precipitation for the present
storm Is 1.53 Inches and for the . season
18.59 Inches. For the same date in, 1899 it.
was 10.18 inches. -. ... ..•--*.•
SOUTH NEEDS MORE A RAIN.
Present Storm Only Benefits North-,
em Part of the State.'. /.
The storm of Monday and Tuesday has
visited the entire State; from. San' Fran
'clsco northward,' and has added .15 ofian.
Inch of water to the already generous, wet
ting received by this section of the State.
It has also visited the Sacramento valley
arid given the farmers in that portion of
the country another lift. ¦; .
• In the mountains snow Is now. falling
and will, in time, add its quota of water
to the irrigation of the faf ms lying at the
foot of the hill slopes. 1 •- • ¦ • •:*.'-'
The south has not been -so. fortunate as
the rest-of the State. .Though nearly- an
inch of water fejl during the rain of Sat
urday and Sunday; yet the ranchers in the
vicinity of Fresno, Santa J Barbara, Los
Angeles ' and, "in fact, : all through • South
ern California, are a long way. from get
ting as much of a drenching as they need.
The present rain has not gone much south
of San Francisco thus far and there are
no positive indications that It will travel
any considerable distance down the coast.
CONGRESS HAS
SAVED THE BIG
REDWOOD TREES
Joint Resolution Ready for
the Signature of the - >
President. l
News of General Interest to the Pa
cific Coast, Including Pensions
Granted and Patents
Allowed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TOX" HOTEL, WASHINGTON, March 6.—
The Senate to-day passed a joint resolu
tion which will preserve the big trees In
Sequoia' Park. Representative de Vries
willTay it before President McKinley to
morrow for his signature.
Senator Perkins called up the Joint reso
lution, which had come over from the
House yesterday, and briefly explained its
purpose to his colleagues. Senator Hoar
suggested fnformally to. Perkins -the pro
priety of an amendment authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to begin con
demnation proceedings at -once, but Per
kins assured the Senator from Massachu
setts that he was convincedjthat negotia-
Uons for the possession',, of the' gropes
would be amicable. • If,' howeVer, ' con
demnation proceedings- became necessary
the measure as passed by' the House made
ample provisions for this contingency.
Hoar then expressed himself as perfectly
satisfied and, so the -resolution passed.'
Representative de Vries has invited Mrs.
Sharon of California, who Is here in the
interest of this measure as.the representa
tive of the ladies' club, to accompany him
to the White House to-morrow morning
that she may be present when President
McKinley signs the resolution, in which
the women of California have taken so
deep an interest. He has purchased a
gold pen, fitted into a handsome holder
for the use of the President, and after the
executive signature Is attached' he* wilt
present it to Mrs. Sharon for the ladles'
club.
Pacific . coast patents were granted to
days as follows: A t : :¦ ;
.California— Anthony Bink. Stockton, mo
tor vehicle: Samuel Colt, Santa Bafbira,
flexible hub for wheels; Robert Cousins.
San Francisco, armor for vehicle tlies;
Samuel Gutheruie, San Francisco, ofi gaa
valve and apparatus; William Ii Mayo
Los Angeles, pie rack; William Newell,
San Francisco, wave power motor; Lillian
B. Ordway; San Francisco, telephone
guard: William S. Ray, San Franc'sco.
matalllc lifeboat; James T. Ludlow, San
Francisco, assignor to Vulcan Iron Works,
rope tramway system.' " .
Oregon^-Robert W. Kennedy, Ashland,
solvent for leaching ores.
Washington— John Nash, Dayton, refrig
erator; B. B. Nagley and I. Asberrv,
Marysvllle. cheese cutter; George M.
Light, Pomeroy, land scraper; Walter W.
Bouse, Aberdeen, snatch lock.
Senator Perkins to-day presented th?
Senate resolutions adopted by the Califor
nia Legislature asking an appropriation
for new roads In and about Yosemite Na
tional Park. He presented also resolution^
of the Oakland Board of Trade showing
the need for the building of a floating dry
dock In San Francisco Bay.
Pensions: California— Additional— Joseph
McCourt, Veterans' Home. Napa, $6,t0 $3.
Increase — Irvln Barnard, Exeter, $8 to $10;
Benjamin H. Rolph, Santa Barbara, $11 w
Oregon— Orignal— Cornelius M.. West
brook.Albany, $6. , - .. . ¦ •¦' . -'
Washington— Restoration, reissue and
Increase— John H. Morf (dead). Turn
water, $10 to $12. Increase — Thomas B.-
Pixley. Tacoma, $8 to $13. Original widows,
etc.— Bridget Morf, Tumwater, $8. v~ '•-
DEBS MAY BE NAMED
BY SOCIAL DEMOCRATS
J. L. Harrlman of California Men
tioned for the Second Place on
- - - • : the National Ticket.
INDIANAPOLIS.* Ind., March 6.— The
first- national convention of the Social
Democratic party, called for the purpose
of- nominating candidates, for President
and ."Vice- President," met to-day at 10
o'clock in Relchwelh's^Hall.
;^The two .matters of « importance before
the. ' convention •- are. the,' nominations arid
the absorption of the Socialist .Labor par
ty ,-; which. Is '-a,, "bolting" section of the
Social ..Labor party, of -.whichi;'Daniel de
Leorn'of New York" was" t»Je- dividing
rpower-'-Hls side was.sustalned -Irircourt-
In a controversy over the party emblem;
The bolting section named J. B: Harriman
of California for President and Max
Hayes of Cleveland, 0., for Vice Presi
dent. '. •-:•¦-*
It Is proposed that the Socialist Labor
party, with approximately 15,000 members,
amalgamate with the Social Democrats
and accept the nominees of that party.
There Is also some talk of a fusion with
the Mlddle-of-the-Road Populists.- E. V.
Debs, V. L. Burger and other, leaders say,
however, that the Social Democrats will
enter fusion with no party, but will ab-
Borb any. It Is, ; now believed that Debs
will be made the Presidential candidate.
If he should be nominated Harrlman will
likely be the candidate for Vice Presi
dent.
For Yolo's County Fair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WOODLAND, March 6.— The board of
directors of the Tolo County Agricultural
Association has appointed committees on
premium, finance and programme. There
will be liberal premiums offered for all
kinds of fruits, cereals, cattle," horses and
everything pertaining to the farming,
fruit and stock business. It is expected
that it will be one of the greatest displays
of Yolo County's products ever made. The
directors are - unanimous In their opinion
that the Industrial exhibition should be
the principal feature of the fair.
CIRCULATED CANARDS
TO AFFECT STOCKS
Six Men Indicted for a Peculiar Crime
. by a New York Special Grand
Jury.
NEW YORK. March C— The special
Grand Jury which has been investigating
Prr>r>klvn Rapid Transit matt»js for the
past month to-day brought In a present
ment before Justice Fursman in the crim
inal term of the Supreme Court, together
with indictments against six men, mak
ing them in part responsible for the false
reports that had been circulated about
Brooklyn Rapid Transit, with a resulting
depression of the stock. The men indicted
are Alfred R. Goslin, who was arrested
m Philadelphia: Harry .T. Alexander, an
advertising ngent: Charles T. Davis, edi
tor of the Wall Street Review, and Eu
gene 1.,. Packer, all three of whom were
put under arrest In this city: Warner L.
Allen, an alleged stockholder of the
Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company, and
one Bogart. who Is said to be Goslin's pri
vate secretary.
The presentment of the Grand Jury In
timates there are others implicated In the
circulation. of false reports, although suf
ficient proof against them had not been
submitted to the jury.
Davis was arraigned on three indict
ments, two alleging felony and one mis
demeanor, and was held in $11,000 ball.
Packer was held in $J'YK) on two indict
ments, charging misdemeanor. Alexan
der was held In $7000 bail on three indict
ments, charging felony and conspiracy.
Ooslin has not been brought to this city
from Philadelphia.
Alexander and Davis were committed to
the Tombs, being unable to furnish a
bond.
IMMENSE ELECTRICAL
PLANT TO BE BUILT
Will Be Employed in Supplying Mines
and Furnishing Light to City
of Bedding.
REDDIXO. Cal., March 6.— An Immense
power plant is to be established
on the McCloud River, In this county.'
Preliminary work Is to commence imme
diately. The purpose of the plant is to
furnish power to the numerous mining
and smelting plants of the county and to
transmit power and light to Redding.
The enterprise is backed by ample capi
tal and le already in possession of enough
advance contracts to guarantee financial
security. The plant will be located Just
outside the Government reservation at
Balrd, twenty-two miles from Redding
Fifty thousand inches of water from the
McCloud River have been appropriated.
The water will be conveyed In a canal
twelve miles long to the generating plant
situated Just above the United States
fishery. .
An electric road connecting Redding and
KeswlrV. is a possibility of the future.
The plant will be constructed with a ca
pacity of 4000 horsepower. The canal will
be built for 10,000-horsepower capacity, so
that the plsJit can be increased upon de
mand.
PROMINENT MERCHANT
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
John H. Harpham of College City,
While Temporarily Insane, Tries
to Drown Himself.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
COLUSA. March 6.— John H. Harpham,
a merchant of College City, attempted to
ncommit EUicide Monday night while ter-
porarily lneane by throwing himself Into
the Sacramento riVer. Mr. Harpham left
his home some time In the. night and left
a letter to his wife to' the effect that she
would never see him again alive, a search
was immediately instituted and Mr. Harp
ham was traced from College City 10
Grand Island, twelve miles distance, on
the Sacramento river. Tracks led down
to the river edge and preparations were
being made to drag the river, when one
of the searchers happened to go Into an
old barn, and there lying partly hidden Jn
the hay was Harpham, his clothes wring
ing wet and nearly frozen to death. He.
was at once cared for, but his mind
seemed a blank. As the day passed his
reason seemed to gradually return and
great hopes are now entertained for his
ppec-dy recovery.
Duke of Portland Honored.
LOXDOX. March 6.— The Queen has be
stowed the late Duke of Westminster's
Order of the Garter upon the Duke of
Portland.
Sydney's Plag-ue Visitation.
BYT>NKT. X. S. W.. March 6.— The
fourth death from the bubonic plague oc
curred here to-day.
SUBMITTED TO
THE JUDGMENT
OF THE HOUSE
President McKinley Still
Favors Free Tracte With
Porto Rico.
Explains That Congress, Not Him
self, Is Responsible for the
Sudden Ghange in
Policy.
WASHINGTON, March fi.-The Post to
morrow will say: President McKlnley, in
conversation with, callers at tho White
House, yesterday reiterated his belief that
the people of Porto Rico were entitled to
free trade with the United States. He
made it dear ttat this view na<i unJer-
Rone no change since "he wrote his mes
pag-e to Congress. He Ftlll adhered to the
eentlment therein expressed. At the same
time he said he was unable to subserlbj
to the theory that the constitution fol
lowed the flajr; that the Porto Ricam
must have free trade as a necessary legal
light.
When he found that the House deemed
It the part r.f wisdom." the President ex
plained, to impose a small tariff upon con
ditionthat therevenues soonllerted be re
turned to the Island, he had been con
strained to to the judgment of tho
Mouse. The tarin". under su<h conditions,
would be no hardship to the Porto Rlcans.
Moreover, he believed It advisable at the
earliest moment to secure a decision of
the Supreme Court on the constitutional
question involved. Therefore he had given
hi* consent to the nominal tariff: and
•apreed to sigti such a bill.
He left no drubt in the minds of his
callers — whom he 'jupptioned closely re
pardingr the drift of public sentiment— that
Congress, not the executive, was respon
sible for the change of policj*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 1900.
WILL EXTEND
CAR SERVICE
TO SAN MATEO
New Franchise Granted the
San Francisco and San
Mateo Line.
Progressive . .Company Is . Making
Preparations to Build- Elegant -
Past Cars to Bun Half-
Hourly Trips.
WHEELER WILL
LOSE HIS SEAT
IN CONGRESS
Name. No Longer Called
by the Clerk at Roll-;
' call •
During the Last Congress Henderson,
- the Present Speaker, Brought ia
a Beport TJnf ayorahle to '
, _.-¦ the Old Warrior. V. ,
• _-;' -Special Dispatch to The Call. . .
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. March 6.
—It appears that Major General Wheeler
Is likely to be considered persona non
grata by the House of Representatives.
His name Is no longer called by the clerk,
and yesterday, the very day General
Wheeler arrived In San Francisco, his
place on an important committee wa3
filled by the appointment, of Underwood
of Alabama*' It will be remembered, too.
In this connection that. In the last Con
gress Henderson, now/^ Speaker, brought
m from the Judiciary! Committee a report
adverse \to the seating of General
Wheeler.^. who had accepted- a military
commission. , All of this indicates that
General Wheeler will be turned down
again. " . '
GENERAL WHEELER WENT
ASHORE AT HONOLULU
Cause of the Delay of the Warren and
: Her Passengers at the Quarantine
Station at Angel Island.
General Joseph Wheeler spent Monday
night, yesterday and last night at the
quarantine station on Angel Island, where
he and his fellow-passengers from the
Warren are being thoroughly fumigated.
He may be allowed ashore to-day, and It
may be two days more before he 13 let
go, but he cannot complain, for It ia the
general's own fault.
As reported along the water front yes
terday., the truth of it is that when the
Warren stopped at Honolulu the general
decided he would go ashore, despite the
fact that Honolulu is still under the baji
of the plague. ( He and several of his
party went through the military camps,
through the city, and to several other
places of Interest. He was ashore two or
,three days. When this became known to
Owing to the nervous strain to which they are
.daily subjected, the physical hardships of the con-
stant jolting, exposure, to all kinds cf weather,
and irregular, meals, break down in health unless
nature is aided in the unequal struggle. Eighty
per cent of. the railroad men who have been in
service any length of time are afflicted with some
form of kidney disease, and the standard remedy
in use by them is Warner's Safe Cure.
Kindly read the subjoined testimonial from
Mr. Charks B. Ross, of 284 61st St , New York
city) a railroad conductor on the Metropolitan
RaVway, which is but a recent sample of hun-
dreds of vo'.untary statements received by War-
rie?s Safe Cure Co.: \ ; ; ;:
'•'"By the use of Warner'* Safe Cure I have Just recovered
from a severe attack of kidney trouble. My system was in very
bad condition. Every - movement of my body caused Intense
pain, and at last I was compelled to abandon work. For four
months several specialists doctored me, all to no benefit, but my
relief was obtained when I began taking 'Warner's Safe Cure,
After the use of this marrelous medicine I was able to walk
about briskly, in a few days was so far improved as to be
ab!e to attend to my work, and I haven't suffered one day since.
I heartily recommend .'Warner's Safe Cure as" the best and safest
cure that can' be had." : "'" ' • * ¦" ' .' "
COLONEL EVANS' PLUM.
As a Treasury Department Agent Ha
Will Beside at Sitka.
Special Ptspatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON. March B.— Assistant-
Secretary Spaldlng to-day confirmed the
report that Colonel Joseph F. Evans of
Oakland had been appointed special agent
of the treasury. He will be stationed in
Sltka. Colonel Kvans is expected here
shortly to confer with Treasury Depart
ment officials.
the quarantine officials they, refused to
pass the- vessel or her passengers until
they had been thoroughly fumleated. and
that la what Is delaying the warren and
her passengers over at the Island.
CAPE NOME
; MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS.
SAVE GOLIV-Krorli Mfg. Co.. J Stevenson
' st. Amalgamators.' SandCentrlfus ad Pumps.
HAND' or 'power machine that laves sold. On
I exhibition 129 First st., S. F.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by GraTltatlon. No qnlck.
stiver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES fine sold. In dally operation at 234
Beale at., San Francisco.
OASOLINE ENOIXES.
HERCULES GAS EXGINE TVORK3 Is filling
many orders tor Nome. 141-143 First st, S. F.
• • GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savin? Machine. O Fol-
10m street. Oriental Oas Enxlno Company.
OILS.
LTTBHTCATTNO Oil, Crude On and O*sol!n».
EN3IQN A McOUFFICK. 23 Spear St.. 8. F.
PLATES FOR SAVTJfa OOLO.
Sceatzleln A Burridfe. I Hardle place, off
Kearny. between Satter and Bush itreeta.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURJJHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. 'Waihln^ton
and Ist tts., Oakland, or Builder* Ex., S. T.
SAtD CENTRIFUOAL PUMPS.
Lttt Gold-Bearlnf Bands perfectly. In opera-
tion at G3 Btxtfl st BTROX JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Sapply freth or »«lt water for tlulc» bore«:
high or low lifts. BJmondß. n Market rt.
DREDOIXO PUMPS
Oil. Gasoline. Steam Hoists. Centrlfnira! Pomps.
EnKlnee*Boller«.HendyMach.TFV»-. « Fremont.
PUMPS A?*D OASOLINB RN<JK»ES. *
All kinds of Pumps and Oasoline Engines.
WOODIN A LITTLE. HI Market tt. 8. F.
ENOINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER ft HAMILTON. En»Jnt» and Boller«:
lowest- price* on the coait. Ptn» * D»vt» «ta-
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVTLLE * CO.. manufacturer* b«««. ttnts.
coven. II aad S3 California «t.
W. &P. BUTLDINO PAPER. - :
Wind, water and Ttnnln proof. Prepared
roofln*. lIS N»w Montgomery »t.
2BREADWINNING
IS NOT MAN'S
ONLY FUNCTION
Father Yorke Discusses Vice
of Divorce and Duties
of Matrimony.
• A most Interesting and elevating address
was delivered last evening at St. Mary's
Cathedral by Rev. Peter C. Yorke. His
subject was "Marriage and Divorce." The
lecture was listened to attentively by an
audience that filled the auditorium of the
big cathedral and overflowed into the gal
leries. In his discourse the eloquent
speaker drew the conclusions that every
family should be Independent within it
self; that the marriage contract should
be between but one man and one woman,
and that it should last until the termina
tion of the life of at least one of the par
ties thereto. Briefly, Father Yorke said:
"Man Is composed of three elements—
the body, the soul and the spirit. Between
the body and the soul is a continual con
flict—the conflict between the higher and
the lower, man. The soul . desires those
things which the body does not.; To-night
I „ will discuss the man as a member, of
the family and. the conflict which exists
i within him between the'body.on one side
and the spirit on the other. Naturally,
we would expect to find the soul on ' the
spirit's side. Theoretically, : It is on . the
side of crae*. but practically It is on the
.-".- :- •
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
veys. is brought Into the world in the
most helpless condition; and is the slow
est of all ; the members of the .animal
kingdom In reaching his maturity. Hence
the marriage contract should not be fleet
ing, but should be stayed. If It Is entered
Into for the good of the children. It should
last as long as they, do and exist through
out the whole human life. The contract
is not only for the man and the woman
who enter into it, but for the helpless
little ones they bring Into the world.
America's Greatest Vice.
"Polygamy is the first revolt of the
body against the unity of the family." And
then there is the polygamy on the Install
ment plan, which becomes possible by
reason of our divorce laws."
Father Yorke made a scathing refer
ence to the childless couples. "This is a
vice," he said, "in which man and woman
defeat' the ends -for which the marriage
state was designed and live only for their
own pleasures. The Roman ; empire was
rotted out by just such vice." He said
the distaste for children was spreading at
an alarminig rate, until it had become
"America's greatest vice."
"The Episcopalians have' tried to stop
divorce by, urging society to frown upon
divorced people," he continued. . "Society
cannot rise above Its source. Some class
might close its doors against the divorced,
but you will find enough divorced people
to form a society of their own. The mis
ery, that divorce essays to heal la a mis
ery that grows upon us. , - *^
"Unless we have true men and true wo."
men. we cannot, have a great nation. The
polygamy of the Mormon and the divorce
of the American must be destroyed If we
expect; the upbuilding of the , Christian
home and the sustaining of the nation."
This evening Father Yorke • will discuss
"The Ethics of Education." •
tone, remarked that It cost a trifle for de
tectives to dig up such testimony, which
brought forth . the sarcastic reply from
McEnerney that it cost about as much as
transportation to Chicago and hotel bills
for witnesses.
Pence hotly replied that objection to the
question and all similar ones would be
withdrawn if the other side would file a
report of their detective account. After
a little bantering the court adjourned In
order that the deposition of W. W. Foote
might be completed.
Sylva May Go to Jail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. March 6.— AdolphSylva
is to be arrested for contempt of court.
Sylva's offense occurred, during the hear
ing of a case last week before Justice of
the Peace Bellrude of Sausalito. He re
ferred to Jacob Strittmatter, a carpenter
who was conducting his own case, as a
thief. . . Strittmatter replied In kind, an-i
Justice Bellrude fined each of the men £>.
Strittmatter was unable to pay his One,
and Sylva refused to do so. In conse
quence the former is In jail, while a con
stable is searching for Sylva. Sylva is tho
attorney who has made the various affida
vit s in the Fair will case. ..
Exceeded His Powers.
The Superior Court of Alaroeda received
a decided setback yesterday at the hands
of the Justices of the Supreme Court. I*
V. Murdock, a conductor on the Oakland.
San Lcandro & Haywards Railway, sued
the company for personal damages and
on the hearing he introduced, evidence to
show that the car on which. the accident
occurred was not safe and that he had so
informed the officials. The lower court
granted the company a nonsuit on the
ground that the evidence was not suffi
cient to warrant action. The higher court
reversed the order, stating that the jury
and not the court should be the ludga
of the facts and evidence.
Miss Jennie Flood Home Again.
Miss Jennie Flood arrived home yester
day from an extended tour of the East
and Europe. She was met at the Oakland
mole by Mr. and Mrs. James L. Flood
and by Major Rathbone, who had trav
eled across the bay to welcome her and
escort her to her home. It Is expected
that Miss Flood will consuft. with her
brother and they will jointly decide upon
the plans for the big hotel that It Is the
purpose of the Flood estate to erect on
the site of the destroyed BaMwin build
ing.
tion gracefully when they reflected that
the liabilities which the assessment was
levied to liquidate were Incurred prior to
Mr. Platt's installation as president. Pay
ments have been made, the storm Is over
and the atmosphere of the club Is no
longer charged with wrath. Mr. Platt's
unexpected departure was turned to mer
riment. Dispatches were sent to promi
nent New Yorkers, like John W. Mackay
and others of his kind, "to arrest one
Horace Platt. believed to have suddenly
left San Francisco for New York."
The authorities of the- Southern Pacific
Railroad at New Orleans, reporting Mr.
Platt's presence in that city, were ad
vised by the head offlce In this city to
send him home at once In the car "Sac
ramento." So It happened that the presi
dent of the Pacific Union came from the
Crescent City In a sumptuous private car.
all to himself. He permitted less favored
passengers like John Rosenfeld to gazo
on his solitary grandeur. On one stretch
of the road, where the scenery Is excep
tionally fine, he allowed ladies to come
Into the car for observation purposes.
IT is not at all surprising that a bril
liant function like the Mardl Gras ball,
of the San Francisco Art Association"
should vanish and fade away in a
beautiful afterglow. It is to be re
gretted, however, that the serenity of
the glow, should be marred by personali
ties, and that orie fepresentative of so
ciety should in resentment -of a real or
fancied slight place a gross indignity upon
the beverage of another representative of
the elite.
! The story goes that Addison Mizner
made a request for an Invitation to the
carnival, which the committee either
overlooked or denied. Presumably the In
vitation was for a friend, as It can hardly
be imagined that Mizner himself should
be denied the privileges of the function.
Whatever the grievance was, Mr. Mizner
fancied that E. M. Greenway, hero of a
thousand quadrilles and a two-step cham
pion of local renown, was the power that
prompted the refusal of the invitation.
The Mizner grievance grew as the after
glow deepened, and he resolved to make
the leader of the Four Hundred feel the
sting of Mlzner's resentment. . He re
solved further that the wrong or slight
should be redressed, as .soon as he met
Greenway face to face. Days elapsed be
fore the meeting took place, as Green
way was busy receiving congratulations
upon the wonderful success of the grand
march and other features of the carnival,
but they met before even the surface of
the Mizner. wrath had cooled. The meet
ing took place in a fashionable cafe.
Happily there was no bloodshed; so so
ciety and even the fair sex of society
may read of what happened without dan
ger of the shudders. The Mizner glance
caught the Greenway form— the lovely
rotund form which the buds adore. It
was observed by the holder of the griev
ance Vhat the society leader was quaffing
beer— plain, ordinary beer. It was notea
that the boon companions of the leader
of society were drinking beer. The na
ture of the beverage surprised Mizner.
but the surprise did not swerve him from
the . purpose In mind. Mizner acted
promptly to redress his real or imaginary
wrongs.-vbut he acted deliberately.
Not desiring to create a scene or pro
voke an uproar in a public place he strode
deliberately across the room to the table
where Greenway dat. placed his mouth
near the unquaffed beer in the glass be
fore Greenway and taking deliberate aim
spat in the beer that Greenway was in
the act of drinking. The aim of the
Mizner was true. There was no miscal
culation of distance. Without the aid of
.a range-finder he ascertained the curve
at the first fire. A professional spitter
this is my wife,' and I stepped out."
The witness was then turned over to the
other side and cross-examined. Thomas
explained that he was retired from the
Chicago police force on account of having
been wounded in a street fight with a
burglar while on duty, and in answer to a
question denied having received the injury
In the Clan na Gael trouble. ' He admitted
being under pay as a witness, valuing his
time at J5 per day, his hotel expenses and
transportation.
Attorney Pierson questioned Captain
Thomas closely on the remark made by
Senator Fair when Mrs. Craven-Fair was
ushered to his room, and ¦ got completely
tangled when pinned to the exact lan
guage whether the Senator had said Miss
or Mrs! Craven. When asked if he did not
think lit queer that In a strict hotel the
Senator's wife was called a Miss and did
not bear his name. . witness • shyly re
marked that he did not think -anything
queer in a hotel. ; ¦
Thomas next told of his arrangements
made for his services as a witness: "I
met Mrs. Craven-Fair by appointment last
JanuarY In Chicago, and when I told her
that I remembered the meeting with Sen
ator Fair, negotiations - were closed at
once." ¦ '
Some rather delicate questions by Attor
ney Pierson regarding Thomas' past life
met with a strong objection, which was
sustained. Charles ; Pence, In an under-
HOW MIZNER INSULTED
BEAU GREENWAY'S BEER
Builders' Contracts.
John I* and Grace M. • Calvert (owners) with
,L. O. ,• Bentren (contractor),; architect J. T.
Kldd— All .work except painting, finished hard
ware and shades • for | a one-story frame I dwell
ing onE line of Nineteenth avenue.- 120 N of
California •treet, N> 27 by E 120, outside land
block 88: * 11375. ; -' - .. j
, Isidor Schwartz (owner) with William Helb
ing- (contractor), architect Cr A,' Meussdorffer— '
All work : exc«pt palntlnc. ; electrical . work. • art
Klasa, ¦ finished hardware, mantels, gas fixture*
and shades for two thre«-story with baaement
and attic frame buJlalnm on S line of - Eddy
street. > 87 :« , Wo« Franklin, -.W- U- by 8 120;
?16.600, -...•:.,.-; .//¦.-¦- ¦-¦;:•. ¦¦-. '- .
side of the flesh. The will acts as a
traitor to reason In bringing about a com
promise, which makes man practically a
slave to his body.
Society's First Form.
"We are all dependent one upon the
other. It is not well for man to be alone.
In all walks of life we are compelled to
depend upon the exertions of our fellows,
and the more complex civilization grows
the greater becomes this dependency.
"Social instinct in man is natural— Jt la
part of his makeup. His happiness de
pends upon how much he can make others
contribute to his wants. Society has two
forms, the tamlly and the civil state. Tha
first form societj; takes is the family.
Both exist on their own merits; both are
independent of the other.
"There is much loose speaking and much
loose thinking about marriage. It is a
contract. Sometimes we read in the news
papers that it is a contract, and again
that it is something that should be. done
in the 'good old Scotch Presbyterian way.'
"The duty which devolves upon those'
¦who enter Into the marriage relation Is to
rear . families and bring up their children
In the proper way. The old : maxhn ' that
'every man's home Is his castle' • empha
sizes the fact that the first necessity. of
every family is to be* independent; one
not to interfere with the other."
Interference in the Family.
The speaker went on to exemplify this
by the assertion that upon no matter, is a
marv more sensitive than interference with
his Rimlly affairs. , ' ¦
Father Yorke argued strongly against
polygamy, stating that if nothing els-*
could be said- against it the fact that a
man had all he could do to I take proper
care of one family was sufficient. He said
the function of the husband .-was not
thoroughly understood; that some consid
ered his duty ended when he provided
bread- and shelter for those dependent
upon. him.
• "This is not ' the true condition,'.' con
tinued Father Yorke. "He should not only
be the breadwinner of the family, but the
friend, protector and guide of his children.
It Is well known that the bad example of
a wicked or careless husband counteracts
all the good the mother. can do,. even If
she wears her fingernails down to the
quick for her offsprings" ; sake. -. -' v-^
* "Nothing Is bo helpless as the young
child, who is to be monarch of all be cur-
HEADACHES AND
COSTiVEHESS
Always Result When the
'/: Liver Becomes
Torpid.
HUDYAN PROMPTLY RELIEVES AND
PERMANENTLY CURES.
Wb»n the liver b#com«« Inactive the bile
t&stead cf bMng discharged Into the natural
channel*. I* taken up by the blood, and I* <m-
f u*ed throughout the entire syntem. The result
fs to weaken the body, to cloud the brain, to
weaken the action of the heart, to produce
lieaoaches and contlvwie**, to welch down the
«nwjtie*. The entire Bystetn become* pol»one<l
and disttfM must follow. The digestion 1« Im-
paired: there i» loss of appetite and pain in
stomach, richt side and shoulder. ,
Thet* symptom* relate to a torpid liver. liver
<-omr-:a.lnt in It* first etaee*. IT the normal
function of this iinr>ortant ° r £ an »" not **;
stored chronic Inflammation or enlargement or
the llv*r may result, and these lesion* very
often prove fatal. Apain, we have ulevration
of the stomach or bowel*, or Inflammation Of
the boweln. v.hlrh are often due to torpid Hver.
The entire digestive system may be destroyed
by an inactive liver.
Hudyan readily arou«es the Uvrr from Its In-
action, etrr.irthen*' and rtimu!at«-s it to normal
action. Hudyan diverts the bile from the blood
to the intestine*. iUFt as nature intended it
should co. and the bowels are at once relieved.
Hudyan is the best remedy, on earth for con-
stipation, for it brines into harmonious action
all tb<» organs concerned in the digestion of
food. Hudyan performs its work naturally, and
no weakening reaction follows. - The weakest
stomach in this world win tolerate Hudyan.
Hudyan 1» for sale by drurslsts— &oc a pack-
age, or six packages for $2 &0.
If your druggist doe* not keep Hudyan send
ilrect to the < V
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
¦* — roNSULT "t Consult fre» tho
I FREE. | Hudy no Doctor.. Call
<* ' 1 op write to them.
had told her story to her attorney. Emll
Pohli. for the purpose of having him sell
the information to Mrs. Craven-Fair.
Morgan J. Thomas, who was chief de
tective in the Grand Pacific Hotel in Chi
cago in 1893, when Senator Fair was visit
ing the World's Fair, was the last witness
of the day, and put in a very uncomforta
ble hour on the witness stand. In his
testimony he admitted having been a pa
trolman In New York and also in Chicago
for a number of years.
On direct examination Thomas said that
he had been a detective in the Grand Pa
cific Hotel and captain of the detective
squad from 1590 to 189 S. He recalled meet-
Ing Senator Fair in 1893 In the latter part
of May or early in the month of June.
Asked to give In detail any conversation
he had had with the Senator, Thomas re
lated that a bell-boy came to him and
said that Senator Fair wanted to see him
In his room. "I went to the Senator's
room and he told me that he expected
Miss Nettle Craven his wife, to call, and
asked me to have her come to his- room
at once. I went to the reception room and
shortly afterward I approached a lady
who had just come in and asked her if
her name was Miss Nettie Craven, and on
her replying in the affirmative I took her
to Senator Fair's room. As the i lady
stepped into the room Fair said: "Captain,
to appear before the Grand Jury at the
gession this evening.
•
MRS. COSACK ADMITS
WITHHOLDING TRUTH
When the hearing of Mrs. Craven-Fair's
petition for a family allowance from the
Fair estate was resumed before Judge
Troutt- yesterday morning Mrs. Cosack
was put on the stand for further cross
examination by Attorney Pierson. While
she adhered to her original story, the law
yer drew from her the unexpected infor
mation that previous to the time when
she made her deposition in the case of
Angus vs. Craven she had an interview
¦with D. M. Delmas, In which he. advised
her to conceal anything she knew regard
ing the meeting of Senator Fair and' Mrs.
Craven at the Mission Grammar School
on the occasion when she was shown the
marriage contract.
She acknowledged that she followed in
structions, although she had sworn to tell
the truth and the whole truth.
She resented the insinuation that she
A Pair of Mrs. Craven-Fair's Prize Witnesses.
The Attorney, Upon Arrival From
Mexico, Flees to His Home in
Fear of Sylva and the Fairs.
LOUIS F. DUXAXD. the attorney
upon whom Mrs. Craven-Fair
placed v so much reliance to back
up her story of the Sausalito cere
mony and to shatter the conspiracy yarn
of Adolph Sylva, has returned from Mex
ico and Bays he is prepared'to substanti
ate the statements of the alltged widow
v{ the late Senator Fair.
He arrived at his home at San Rafael
«"arly yesterday . morning, accompanied
by City Attorney Thomas P. Boyd.
Boyd met Dunand on the Aca-
Jiulco yesterday morning and in a
launch the two evaded all inquiries and
went to Tiburon. where they caught the
Crrt train to San Rafael. Boyd says that
Mrs. Dunand requested him to meet her
husband, as she was extremely nervous
and apprehensive that Dunand. might fall
into the hands of Adolph Sylva or the Fair
heirs. Dunand, on his arrival at San Ra
fael, went straight to his hoiue and de
tied himself to visitors until late last
evening. When questioned in regard to
his Mexican trip Dunand ridiculed the
Idea that his Journey had any connection
with the Cravea-Fair case.
"My trip was purely a business one,"
he said, "made In the interest of a local
construction company. It had nothing
whatever to do with securing testimony."
¦While admitting the existence of con
tracts between Mrs. Craven-Fair and him
self. Dunand professes Ignorance as to the
particular one to which she referred In
her testimony.
"There are several documents existing
between Mrs. Fair and myself," he stat
ed. "It would not be. fair to her to di
vulge the contents of any of them until
after a consultation with her attorneys."
Dunand gave the following account of
his transactions with Mrs. Craven-Fair:
"I want it to be understood," he said,
•that our relations from first to last have
bten purely friendly. The first time I
went to Sausalito with her I was sent by
Mr. Foote. She stated to him that she
had be-en married to Senator Fair in Sau-
Falito by a justice whose name she had
forgotten. I believed her story to be
true."
"Do you believe In it still?" was asked.
"I do implicitly," he replied. "I intro
duced Mrs. Craven-Fair to Adolph Sylva
and there my connection with the case
practically ended. Within the next day
or two Sylva and Mrs. Craven-Fair met
In my office. Sylva said that if he was to
act in Mrs. Fair's interest he must have
a retaining fee. She gave him an order
drawn on Daniel Meyer for $200. I had
•several interviews with her and Sylva af
ter that, but nothing was said having any
bearing on the present case. I cannot say
more now. but when I am called upon to
testify I will tell the whole truth," con
tinued Dunand.
"How will that affect Mrs. Craven-
Fair's testimony?" was asked.
"I beiieve that my (statements will cor
roborate her story In every. essential par
ticular," he replied.
When questioned as to his opinion of
Adolph Sylva's pose as a champion of
truth and exposer of conspiracies, Dunand
Fhrugged his shculders and remarked that
"Sylva was a poor judge of the perspicu
ity of human nature."
A "dark horse" in the case Is Walter A.
Frost of New York, who traveled up on
th<9 steamer with Dunand from Panama.
Just wnat Frost's business Is is a mystery,
but he is supposed to be Interested in th«
case as one of th« witnesses to substan
tiate Sylva's etory. Sylva denied abso
lutely all knowledge of the man. Dunand
cays that he noticed Frost on the boat,
but had no conversation with him and
does not know what became of him after
the steamer's arrival.
A eubpena has been Issued for Dunand
Society Stunned When Brave Addison,
in Revenge, Spat Into the Plebeian
Beverage of the Un resentful
Mardi-Gras Leader.
could ;not shave done a : piece of
work. Then Mizner .turned one glance of
ferocity on the leader of. the Four Hun
dred and majestically strode away.
Greenway was * paralyzed. Recovering
his presence of mind he ordered more bter
in another glass. The onlookers— Parrish.
Runyon and others— expected that the
hurry-up wagon would soon be summoned,
but the expected did not happen. Green
way mused, as only one accustomed to
musing can muse, land then went outsidu
and drank in a large breath of fresh air.
Then he- exclaimed. "The little puppy,"
and vanished -n the gloaming.
Meanwhile Mizner awaited results. Hold
ing in reserve his temper and saliva, ho
was ready to meet the shock of conflict.
He is still waiting.
Various are the comments made by the
Four Hundred. In one set of the smart
people it is contended that Greernvay
should have waited until Mizner ordered
a drink and then retaliated by spitting in
the beverage provided for quenching the
Mizner thirst. Others maintain that
Greenway, as the leader of a wine agency,
could not afford to resent an Insult placed
on > beer, and that the society leader de
served the rebuke for drinking beer in
stead of wine. , . . ¦
The beauty of the afterglow of the car
nival is marred by these conflicting' opin
ions. '.The code does not state explicitly
what action a wine drinker should pursue
when he is insulted in the act of drinking
beer, hence society has something to talk
about and something to suggest. After
Lent the code of ethics may be amended.
PRESIDENT PLATT HOME
CLUB KICKERS QUIET
Genial Horace Returns From the
East — Those Assessments Have
All Been Paid.
Horace G. Platt, president of the Pa
cific Union Club, ex-presldent of the Art
Association and Bohemian Club, and pros
pective president of many institutions and
societies still unborn and speaking: ac
cents yet unknown, is home again from
New York. He left San Francisco for the
East the day before the latest assessment
was placed on the club's membership, and
was not In the least disturbed by the
kickers. The clubmen accepted the sltua-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 1900.
DUNAND IS READY TO BACK UP
STORY OF MRS. CRAVEN-FAIR
¦H 1 1 8 I* I 1 ft l Ic^ £mlsm I I fw Alia fl vW- -.<. ¦
B^^^^l^^^^^^^Sr fl We hav^ never seen in San Fran " RS
M^^P^^^^^^^^^^^^ I cisco better # 10 ser S es than these. M
I w^^^Jr^^^^JS^^l^ I ut *° be trut^ u ' — we never h ave S
B lllllltli ±y 4H^_ — KJ^Jal^ .»•» .*# ; H seen any as good — price considered,, Bj
I *3P* JpF^&^*% 1 H In the whole history of our store raj
I -^ I we have never sold such sseesr £ es as H
¦ pS£|f|w _yfl^^^^^^p«/ H these for the money; and we have gj
I rifltlM I ItoflKyinl^^f^^^^ I sole * before at remarkably low prices. 9
111 1 1 il fl ihv iffilllfflllffluf^^ H These serges are good because they B
II | ft || i MMfHi llßlit' / H are cut w^^ care * rom an un^ ac^ a^^ e I
HI I IHlifi nil 111 IV/ : B blue serge doth and made with skill B
B lilif II II flf B and d^o ence m a,good, practical W
B Ilri 111 IIU I \\Wk- B manner - c made them— we know X
B ' Ufa il i II 111 1! 11l 1 ill ••*• B how they are made. They come in H
H II Hi! Ill I I rail lIP^ I single and double breasted styles in Kb
B lll tlnifllvnH lll llffrH lllliS^®^ B Any customer can return the sujt £J
B i Jill lID I I illli'^S^ B he chooses and P rocure nis money; Bi
fl ll 111 Ilil I ill I 111 IJ^iiF flol or ' he kee P s tne su^» we will ce P El
B I tl!i\BuW7 II 1 1 Hi linllfliH Ili^A'^WrW' 9H All out-of-town orders for the suits will be filled I
I ( lilDmim (I ilfll I llffl&yillll"^'-^•wT/ Si through our self-measuring blank, \thich can be had
I I jjafffm (/( 111 in 1 1 111 j I jffmjllllß '"f'^^y/^t. H upon application. Write also for catalogue No. 2. By
3WINTER RESORT.
PASO ROBtES £l,« a *
WILL CUnC RHEUMATISM,
BLOOD, LIVER. .' KIDNET and STOMACH
DISORDERS.- Elegant hotel ¦ accommodations.
Famous mud baths. Sjteclal round-trip rebate
tlokets- . Apply FRANK. W. ELY, Agent, (40
Market st. . .
New York Dental;: Parlors,
HISTORY. BUILDING, MARKET^CT.
(Portland Office— Fourth 'and Morrison' Sts.)
Oirr nnifll Corner Fourth and)
UFE.BOBLi3*sg
VaJUe* checked tret. I
330 MARKET ST. Sf.
OEWEY.STRONG&CO.
H CHICHESTER'S CNOLItH .
Pennyroy^, pills
f-S\ Gfcajfl for C II I CHESTER'S ENGLISH
(r M <tJ* l VK*£k In KED »b4 6*14 Butalila box-. mi« 4
.T^ -pfi»3-l«hbl.e ribbon. T«k«. ¦• other. R*rnM
I / ' IB "•¦*• Boj «f joor Dnjfjin. «r <«1 4(. la
' I W- '• Jr. rum fer Psrtfwalarm. Teatliasalala
,\V, /P * ai " Relief for I jUlr.,- im Uctm; b Tn .
-\ > P Xwrm Mali. 1 •,•<>• TmttaoDikU. Sold b r
. • •>— ~~l inSnolm. Ckhk wt«r CktalMl C».
HiaUom tUi p«p«. . Madlwm »«un. PU I LA, vZ.
Married at Woodland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, March 6.— The marriage
of Miss Belle Halnes of this city and Isa
dore F. Morris of Sacramento occurred at
noon on Sunday last in the parlors of the
"Haines mansion In this city. The Jewish
marriage ritual ¦ was i Impressively per
formed by Rabbl;Frtedlander of Oakland
Miss Becca Haines was the maid of honor".
Miss Cella Charmak the bridesmaid and
'James Oppenhelmer of Sacramento the
best man. .-
Special table of imported bonnets at
Keiths-n ext Friday; and Saturday. ••
LATE SHIPPING INTELIGENCE.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived March S— Stmr West
ernland, from Antwerp. -
Balled March S— Stmr Saale, for Bremen, via
Southampton. . - •
BOSTON*— Arrived March 6— Btmr TJitonla,
from London. • ¦ ' ¦
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March «— Stmr Bovic,
from New Tork. -¦ -¦
BREMEN— Arrived March 6— Stmr Darm
stadt, from New York.
ANTWERP—ArrIved March . *— Stmr Noord
land. from New York.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed March 4— Stmr Victoria,
for. Seattle. ¦ - ¦ ¦•• -•
- PLYMOUTH— SaiIed March . «— Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg.^ for New York.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF.' COR-
ner of First and Brannan vtreets, 1 n. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, ami
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No careti received on board on day
of sailing. . ¦•• '
AMERICA MARU ¦Wednesday, March 7
HONOKOXG MARU Saturday. March 31
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 23
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fop
freight and passage apply at company's efflce.
421 Market St.. corner First. r
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
J. B. de Carley Passes Away.
SANTA ROSA, March 6.— J. B. de Car
ley, a well-known resident o( Duncans
Mills, died at his home there this mornlnK
of consumption. The 'funeral will take
place at 1 o'clock Thursday afternoon.
ADVEBTISEIffENTS. ;
ONLY A SUGGESTION,
But It Has Proven of Interest and
Value to Thousands.
Common sense would suggest that If
one wishes to become fleshy and plump
It can only result from the food we eat
and digest and that food should be al-
buminous or flesh forming food, like
*ggrs, beefsteak and cereals; In other
words the kinds of food that moke flesh
are the foods which form the greater
part of our daily bills of fare.
. But the trouble is that while we eat
enough and generally too much, the
etomach, from abuse and overwork, does
not properly digest and assimilate it,
which is the reason bo many people re-
main thin and und«>r weight: the diges-
tive organs do not completely digest the
flesh forming beefsteak and eggs and
similar wholesome food.
There are thousands of such who are
really confirmed dyspeptics. although
they may have no particular pain or in-
convenience f.rom their stomachs.
If such persons would, lay their preju.-
dices aside and make a regular practice
of taking, after each meal, one or two
of Stuart's Dyrpepsla Tablets the food
would be quickly and thoroughly digest-
ed, because these tablets contain the nat-
ural peptones and diastase which every
weak etomach lacks, and by supplying
this want the 6tomach Is soon enabled to
regain its natural tone and vigor. ¦
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets digest every
form of flesh-forming food, meat, eggs,
bread and potatoes, and this is the rea-
son they bo quickly build up, strengthen
and invigorate thin, dyspeptic men,
women and children.
Invalids and children, even the most
delicate, use them with marked . benefit
as they contain." no ' strong:, Irritating
drugs, no cathartio nor any harmful In-
gredient. "
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the most
successful and most widely known of any
remedy for stomach troubles because they
are the most reasonable and scientific of
modern medicines.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by
every druggist In the United States and
Canada as well as In Great Britain, at 50
cents for complete treatment. .
Nothlr.g further Is required to cure any
stomach trouble or to make thin, nerv-
ous. dyßpcptlc people strong, plump and
well. ?.,-. .
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST BTEAMERS TO."
PORT Ij :A. INT)
From ED«ar-str««t . Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE * 12 First Clots Includlno; Bertls
iMnL S3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
March 4. 14, 24. April 3
COLUMBIA sails March 9, 19, 29. April 3
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane-, Batte.
Helena and all points In ' the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agsnt.
£30 Market, atraet.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. .•'
. .• ••• \ ' Superintendents, v<.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, $&¦&*£
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO., at its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal In th»
market. Office and Yards— 4so Main street.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
> Steamers leave Broadway
fc^ wharf. Ban Francisco:
For Alaskan ports, 19 a. m..
Mar. 1. 7, 12. 17. S. 27. Apr. U
I^PPCh^ Chanffa to company's ateamem
¦KlEllß >t Seattle.
B9| W For Victoria. Vancorv#r, <B.
¦ C^Bl c->>c ->> Port Townsead. •i^attl-?.
EW Tacoma, Everett. Anacort-s.
and New Whatcora (Wash.),
. 10 a. m.. Mar. J. T. li 17. 23.
27. Apr 1 and every fifth day thereafter; chani;*
at Seattle to this company's steamer* for Alas-
ka and O. H. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). I. p. m.. Mar.
5. 10, IS. SO. 28. SO. Apr. 4. and every fifth day
thereafter. ¦ -
. For Santa Ova. Monterey. Ban Simeon. Cay-
ucob. Port Harford (9an Luis Oblspo), Oavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura." Hueneme. San Psdro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, 9
a. m.. Mar. 4. 8. 12. 1». 20. 24, 28, Apr. V and
every fourth day thereafter. m
For Ban Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
fSan Luis Oblspo), Banta Barbara. Port Loa
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. m..
Mar. t. 8. 10, 14. 18. 22. 28, 10. Apr. S. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Maedalena Bay, San Joee d*l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Rosall *
and Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Mar. 8, and 7th
of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain company's
folder. ' »
.The company leaervaa th« right to chanprs
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 . New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
COODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts._
.• --,'. •*: " 1* Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
Judge Taft, Who Is
'¦ President of the
Bode, Opposes the
Acquisition of the
Distant Islands,
PROF. MOSES APPOINTED TO
THE PHILIPPINE COMMISSION
THE /SAX -FRANCISCO WEDNESD A Y; MARCH 7, 1900.
PACIFIC CABLE
BILL BROUGHT
TO THE FRONT
Favorable Reports Ordered
by Committees of Senate
and House.
«
One Provides for Government Owner
ship and the Other for Private
Construction of the
Line.
. WASHINGTON. March 6— The Senate
Committee on Naval Affairs to-day or
dered a favorable report upon the bill to
construct a cable to Manila by way of
Honolulu, Midway Islands and Guam. It
1s to bo under the direction of the Navy
.Department, and la to be. a Government
.cable.
Hale, chairman of the committee, was
nuthorized to prepare a bill and report It
to the Senate. The bill will provide for
immediate construction of the cable from
San Francisco to Honolulu only, but it
contemplates an ultimate extension to the
Philippines and also to Honpkong. It Is
estimated that the cable to Honolulu will
cost between $3jDOQ.OM and W,<\<o.tK'Q.
The House Committee on Commerce to
day ordered a favorable report on the bill
for a Pacillc cable connecting this coun
try with Hawaii, the Philippines and Ja
pan. The measure has been under con
sideration for a lone: time and two ses
sions were held to-day in ordor to bring
the matter to a conclusion. The bill of
Prpresentative Phcrman of New York is
the one favorably actod upon, with a
number, of amendments. This provides
for private construction of the line, the
Government paying $30fl.nno annually for
twenty y«.;irs for the transmission of mes
saprs.
¦ The amount of this annual payment
nas the last Question decided. The orig
inal .provision was for $400,009. but. after
extended discussion, the reduction to J300,
(M) whs m:nJ<\ Th.» committee had pre
viously inserted a clause that the cable
be of American make and the cableships
shall be under the American flag. An
other provision calls for the completion
of the line to Honolulu by January 1. 1&02,
and to Japan by January. 1303. It was
originally estimated that the cost of the
cable would be $s.O-M.<*>o.- but recent esti
mates submitted to the committee show a
ri?e in pricep of material will make the
cost about WjOOO.OOO. The Government's
ebUgJitloo. however, is confined to the an
nual payment of 1330.000.
PHPftlllft Th« E. S. Aastra!!,
[JUJSIH *«•!¦ for Honolulu
rfc"*"""" W»dne«!ay. March 7.
¦ - ¦^ UPO, at !p. m. • --
Q+sfZA'.Sy . The 8. 3. Kartpoaa
D«-' '*"" vla Honolulu ana
C^Sil"'"!:,. Auckland tor Sydney
\QfflF)3fcfep Wednesday. March M,
Farorlts line around th« world via Hawaii.
Bamoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc; 1610 first class.
I. D. SPKECKELS & BROS. CO.. Aqts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freijht Office. 32? Market St
f Anyvoj,Tlieatrical;-Cpld'Cream..lnsurea.a
refined complexion. Druggists, lie and 50c* :
Election Contest Argued.
* WASHINGTON,' March 6.— The House
'spent'-the entire day In consideration" of
¦• ,' Aldrich-Robbins contested election
case • from the| Fourth ' Alabama y Congres
siohal District. : Robbins. the sitting mem
ber.'made a Bpeech of an hour' iri'his'own
Whnir.' f, Th? "other speakers were Burkett
of Nebraska,^ in behalf of the 'contestant,
and Glenn of/New York and D 6. Armoncl
of Missouri for the contestee. ~-\
Spokane and Tacoma in Luck.
. WASHINQTQN^ Marclt * e^Tha \ Senate
to-day passed the following- general
. \fgff "f^l bear no 111 will toward doctors. 1 v
..." . am myselt one. Dru^s ape all very '
./| . well in certain cases, but not fop' . |
f WEAK :<li/-^^^^^4
f MEN. Jl^^^^S^ I
" You can't make people strong by stimulating them. They need J
m a strength-giver. I \ gave drugs when a young doctor for such com- \
m plaints as Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica, Neuralgia, Lame Back, #
" Varicocele, Seminal Weakness, Shrunken Organs, etc., but soon dis- t
O covered my, mistake. Now I use electricity as applied by my fa -^
T mous DR. SANDEN J ELECTRIC BELT, the world's greatest home #
.yr self -treatment.!, You place the Belt comfortably around your" waist at 1
(I night It sends a great volume of soothing, strengthening electric- y
l ity through the weakened parts, alt cures ., silently and pleasantly %
• while you sleep .without a possibility of injury. The new suspensory I
0 attachment is built upon scientific lines, carrying the current direct
fv to prostate Igland, bladder, -spermatlCi cord, etc." .Cures' in ninety -.
• days, and often benefits from" first time used. Write for free descrip-
tive pamphlet, - 4 '.'THBEE CLASSES ' OF.' MEN," or drop' in and, con- •
.'•.^^sult me at my ofllce. See belt and test current. No^ charge for consul- U
O tation or advice. Ofiice hours,* 9to 6;. Sunday 8,10 to L,. - : .^
° . ' NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES;
IDR T A SANDEN 6 O'Fairell SW 2
• !-- 118$ South Spring St, Los Angeles, Gal. Bassel Building/ Portland, Or. .; «
THE ORIGINAL ~
New York Dental Parlors,
Portland. San Francisco.
No other concern of. a similar name in San
Francisco is in any way connected with us.
Te»th extracted and filled absolutely without
pain by our !at<» scientific method. No elr>»"p-:
prods cinq ajrents or cocaine. These are the
only Ix-ctal I'artom In Ban Prancisco that hare
the jiat^nt appMancpg and Ingrefllents to ex-
tract, fill and apply gold crowns and porcelain
crowns. . undeteotabl* from natural .t*eth,\ and
warranted for 10 years, without the least par-
ticle of pain. -•-•' •,• ¦ . . .
In our COLO CROWNS and BRIDGE
WORK, of which w» ar« making a SPECIAL-,
TV, ihe most HnAt.'TIFUL, PAINLESS and)
DURABLE of all dental work known to the
rirof>«*!.>n. you will find an. example of the
HIOHHPT AUTISTIC ATTAINMENT. the'
s'laptabUlty of which to the HYGIENIC con-"
dltlons of the mouth is unquestioned. *
Gold Crowns, $5; Full «e\ Tefeth, $5;
Brldftework. $3; Gold Filllnfts. $1 up;
6!lver F!!lln|>s. 50e. V ? >*»->:*
' Montßly saniH4rforV«lp«rmiso and -Hamburg
via Mailoan ports. Central. Soutn America, eto.
? ' - 8. B. BATHOS SAILS ABOUT KABCH H |
J. • f»BC»LS A BIOS. CO, **«»tt. 114 XwtfOMry S
CURRENCY BILL
SUCCESSFUL IN
THE SENATE
Conference Report Adopted
by a Vote of Forty-Four \
to Twenty-Six.
Little Interest Apparent in the Upper
House, Only Four 'Members
Having Spoken on : ths
Measure.
WASHINGTON, March 6.— Not proba
bly In the history of the Senate was there
ever shown so little real interest in the
final vote on a great measure as was
manifested in the vote on the conference
report of the. financial bill. The report
was before the. Senate nearly two weeks,
yet only four speeches were delivered on
It,' including- Aldrlch's explanation of the
changes made. Clark of Montana directed
th« attention of the chair to the faict that
his vote had not been recorded on the
financial bill, and by his order.lt was re
corded "no." : ' t'l
At 4 o'clock the pending conference re
port was agreed to — 44 to 26— as follows:
Ayes-^Aldrich, Allison, Baker, Bard, Bever
l<Jge #/ Burrows, Carter, Clark of Wyoming, Cul
lom,'f>avlg, Depew, Elklns. Fairbanks, For
aker, Foster. Frye, Galllnger. Gear, Hale,
Hanna, Ilansbrough. Hawley, Hoar, Lindsay,
I>xsge, Mcßride, McComas, McCumber, Mc-
Millan, Ma*on, Nelson, Penrose, Perkins. Platt
of Connecticut, Platt of Ncr York, Proctor,
Quarles, Ross, Scott. Shoup, Simon, Thurston,
Now — Allen, Bacon. Bate, Butler," Chandler,
Chllton, Clay. Cockrell, Culb^rson, Harris,
Heltfeld, Jones of Arkansas. Jones of Nevada,
Kenney, Mcl>aurln. Martin, Morgan, Pettlprew,'
Pettus, Rawllns, Sullivan, Tallaferro, Teller,
Tlllraan, Turner— 2s. <;.¦ rj <
¦ There was some debate on the Quay
case, Simon of Oregon replying to the
speech made yesterday by Carter of Mon
tana. '
The Senate passed a Joint resolution au
thorizing the President of the United
States to invite the Government of Great
Britain to Join in the formation of an
International commission to examine and
report on the diversion of the waters that
are the boundaries of the two countries, j
WOULD MAKE CUBANS
PAY FOR FREEDOM
Bill Providing That War Expendi
tures Be B*imburised From the
Island's Revenues. .
¦WASHINGTON, March 6.—Representa
tive Levy, of New York to-day Introduced
a' resolution In the House directing that
the Collector of Customs for the Island of
Cuba be Instructed to deduct from the
monthly receipts of the, island 25 per cent
of -the total -amount collected until the
total sum expended by the United States
on behalf- of. Cuba during the war with
Tspain and since shall have been paid.
Trie 'resolution places the cost of the
war with Spain at more than $300,000,000,
besides $3,000,000 to effect- disarmament of
the Cubans,' and the .cost of since main
taining an armed force -in Cuba to pre
serve order and administer affairs. The
deduction of 25 per cent of the Island's
monthly. receipts Is to continue until our
total expenditure shall have been reim
bursed.or provision.- for. settlement of the
Indebtedness of .tile Island pi> Cuba to the
United States made between the Govern
ment of v tbe United States and. the. lsland
of Cuba. - .-.¦-•• ' vf L . .
Coin for Liliuokalani.
WASHINGTON, March 6.— Senator. llpar.
to-day pave notice o^an amendment' to'
the, diplomatic apprpprlatlon.bill.providing
for the payment of $250,000 to LilluokalanC
AMERICAN LINE.
RXV YOHK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOHDO9. PAHI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Eyery Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York March 7 New York March 23
St. Paul March 14 St. Paul April 4
Kensington ...March 21 St. Louis -April U
RED STAR LINE. . -
. New Yorlc ai)d Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, II noon.
Southwark ...March "l.^'oordland ....March 23
Westemland ..March 14 Frlesland April 4
Kensington ...March niSonthwark .....April 11
EMPIRE LINE.
- Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For fall Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPAXT.
SO Montgomery st.. or any of Its agendas.
measures: For the erection'' of
building, at Spokane, Wash., •to cost $5*).
?^J , for ,- th c. erection of: a- public build
ing at Tacoma, Wash., to cost $750 000 •
SHIP SOLHEIM SIGHTED
IN FLAMES AT SEA
No Trace of the Captain and Crew
of an "Unfortunate. Nor
wegian Vessel. . -
PHILADELPHIA, March 6.-The Amer
ican line steamer Rhynland arrived to
day from Liverpool . and reported having
sighted the Norwegian ship Sclheim, lum
ber laden, from Mobile January 22, -for
Fleetwood, England, abandoned and on
fire. The Rhynland sighted the burning
ship on February 27, 'in latitude 45.49, long
itude 35.11. The American liner went to
the vessel to take off any who might be
aboard, but found no signs of life The
fire was burning fiercely from the stern to
midships. All .the sails of the ship had
either been scorched or burned.
The Solheim is supposed to have car
ried a crew of from' fifteen to twenty men.
Her captain's name was Metson.
MAY PRESENT
TRADE TREATY
WITH ITALY
Commissioner Kasson Is
Now Considering the
Subject."
However, as the Measure Would Fol
low the Lines "of the French -
Treaty, It Seems Doomed
to Defeat. "<
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, March G.^-
It Is. understood that Mr. Kassor,,. the
Commissioner whom President McKinley
has designated to prepare reciprocal trade
arrangements with different foreign coun
triesunder authority conferred by section
3 of the Dingley act, is making prelim
inary studies of the Italian exports to this
country with a view to drawing upan
Italian reciprocal trade^rrangement. Mr.
Kasson's efforts with his trade arrange
ments In the past have met with no suc
cess. His latest tattempt with France is
conceded on every hand to be "doomed to
failure, and as the articles of trade In
volved in an Italian reciprocity treaty
would be closely similar to those in the
French and Jamaican treaties there 1c no
reason to believe that the Italian ar
rangement will escape the same fate .
. The members of the California delega
tion have been rt-celvlng telegrams urging
them to continue the vigorous opposition
which has defeated other treaties hostile
to California's Interests, and there is no
doubt that the Italian treaty will be pig
eonholed-in Mr. Kasson's desk along -with
its predecessors. ; ¦ '- r
Senator, Perkins has discovered a prece
dent which has an Important bearing on
the disputed point of the right of tha
House to;pass on these. reciprocal. treaties.
It has been maintained that these trade
arrangements, .being in. the nature ' of
treaties, require only ratification by the
Senate. The House has conceded that
Fince these treaties all affect' the revenues
of this country, and 'not merely the for
eign policies, the .House must act jointly
with the Senate,' because under the consti
tution all revenue legislation must have
their co-operation. Senator Perkins -has
found that when' the question of abro
gating the Hawaiian treaty came up In
the Senate. Senator -MoitM. then chair
man of the Finance Committee of the Sen
ate, demanded that the bill be referred to
his committee,. because It affected the ie.v
enucs of this country.: A point of order
was made that the proper reference of the
Mil was to the Committee Qn> Foreign Ro
latoins, but the president of the Senate
ruled In favor of Mr..Morrlll. While, it'ia
true that the Senate, by a'majority -vote,
referred the treaty to the Foreign Rela
tions Committee, principally on account- of
Senator Morrill's well-known hostility* to
Hawaiian annexation, • the- ruling- of * the
presiding officer established- a' precedent,
to the effect that treaties r affecting Ihe
revenues of this country are subject tp the
control of committees having jurisdiction
over the revenues. • Senator -Perkins holds
that this -, the rlght-of ; the
House to demand a. voice In the settlement
of trade treaties... ."; ¦ V. ¦ .-: i-. ..
% zM\ ' uUIiJjJJi
• WHEN we • say ."RUPTURE CURED" . w»
mean it, for ft Is a fact that thousands of cures
have been accomplished by Dr. Pierces World-
renowned "ELECTRIC TRUSS during- the past
twenty-Ov* years. ' There Is nothing else like it
oh earth! It does the work! Have received so
many letters and testimonials that we hardly
know what to do with them ail. If ruptured In-
vestigate at once. Our prices are reasonable,
but not cheap. "We make no discounts. "Dr.
Pierces " Is THE truss, and you . cannot bo
harpy, till you get It.
You can fret our "BOOKLET No. 1" for noth-
ing by calling at the office.- or it will be sent to
you on receipt of a 2-cent stamp. It tells all
about this TRUSS. Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
6K> Market street, SAN FRANCISCO.
S3 Tribune building. NEW YORK.
LOWER COURT UPHELD.
Dissolution of the Assumptionist
Fathers Confirmed.
PARIS. March 6— The Appeals Court
to-day gave judgment upholding the sen
tence of dissolution pronouncc-d against
the Order of \he Assumptlonist Fathers
by the lower court, but granting them re
lief from the fine "f Fixteen francs each.
in accordance with th<? tirst offenders'
law. This concession is of no importance
whatever, as the father? Mill have to pay
the heavy corts of the proceedings and
Thoir dissolution, which Is the main ques
tion. Is confirmed.
Ellen Terry Ill.
TORONTO. Ontario^ March 6.— Miss El
len Terry, who was tr> have taken part In
Irving's production at the Grand Opera
housf this wpek. Is confined to her room
-in the Queen's Hotel suffering from
pleurisy.
that is hardly consistent with a Judicial atti
tude or an impartial consideration of the ques
tion. . :
My conviction is that the calm Investigation
of the future historian into allthe conditions
existing at the time of takine each step to
ward the present situation in the Philippines
will lead him to conclude that President Me-
Kinley and his administration selected In each
crisis the only alternative which a due regard
to our national and international obligations
would permit., . .¦
PALL, HEADQUARTERS, ' WEI,-
L.IXGTON HOTEL, WASHINO
LTON, March 6.— Senator Perkins
presented Senator- Bard and Pro-,
fessor Bernard Moses of the Uni- 1
versity of California to the Presi
dent this morning. ..The President con
gratulated Mr. Bard on his election- and
California on the fact that the State agn!n
had a -full representation In the Senate.
New Philippine Commlssioa.
Mr. Bard thanked the President and in
formed him that he would loyally support
the administration's policy. ¦"• . -
The President at the same interview ten
dered Professor Moses an appointment on
the new Philippine Commission, which
was accepted. In presenting Professor
Moses, Senator Perkins assured the Presi
dent that nearly every college In the coun
try had indorsed him. President"McKin
ley replied politely that he had read sorna
of Professor Moses' works on Spanish
government, Spanish colonies, etc.
Professor Moses was seen by. The Call
representative to-night.' He was averse
to talking freely of Philippine affairs, but
paid that he believed in the general policy
of expansion. As for the Phillppinas, lie
could say nothing until after he had vis
ited the islands. He will remain here until
about ' March 24 preparing himself for
membership on the commission, and will
sail from San Francisco lor Manila 0:1
April 15.
..Judge Taft, the president of the new
Philippine Commission, has this to sa> :
The commission Is not organized. Its mem
bers have not conferred tosrether. I speak,
therefore, for myself alone. I am not- now and
.never have ¦ been an expansionist. I have al
ways hored that the jurisdiction of our na
tion would not extend beyond territory between
the two oceans. We- have not solved all the
problems of popular I government so perfectly
as to Justify our voluntarily seeking more diffi
cult ones abroad. I do not think in this in
stance that we have voluntarily sought them.
Circumstances beyond our control, the sequel
of the Spanlch war, have thrust on us responsi
bility for the future government of the Philip
pines. ' The proposition is vigorously denied by
hleh-minded and conscientious men and by
some with 'a. fury of superlatttftj*™* epithet
Member From Galh
forriia Declares
. Himself, in Fayor
' of the General Pol-
Icb of Expansion.
Weekly Call,- $1 per Tear
McKINLEY NOT
TO BE ASKED
FOR EVIDENCE
; ¦ ... 7, ... . C; s i •_'
Wardner Inquiry Committee
Will' Do Without^C^^ '
tain Affidavits; ' ; : ; v
James B. Sovereign Describes Scenes
, in the "Bull Pen'V and~th©--~r
Conduct of Merriam's
Soldiers. - >
'• - - «v
"WASHINGTON. March 6.— Before the
Coeur d'Alene investigation was resumed
to-day the House Military Committee held
an executive session , and decided not to
call upon the President for affidavits fi!«d
With him relative to the. conditions of the
mining country under ma'rtlal law. This
decision was due to some question as to
the right to make such requests -of tha
President, and, more particularly, because
the affidavits were not considered legal
evidence. :
•Andrew Devlin, a miner, was the first
witness to-day. His evidence was directed
to showing that orderly conditions.pre
vailed and that the local authorities could
have dealt with the situation' without re
sort to martial law. ¦ '/ '
' James K. . Sovereign, former master
workman of the Knights of I^abor, sa'<l
he was in the Coeur d'Alene district dur
ing the demonstration against the Bunker
Hill mines and was editor of the official
organ of the miners' organization at Wal
lace, Idaho. . He attended a labor meeting
at Gem, Idaho, the night before the blow
ing up of the mill; and later that .night
attended a meeting at Wallace, but there
was no talk of blowing up the mill. He
never heard 'that any demonstration was
contemplated against the mining property.
The next morning, while standing in front
of. his office a man on horseback rodo by
and said! - • '
" "Sovereign, they are coming."
V He . asked j who was . coming, and the
horseman answered:
"The Canyon Creekers."
Many Men With Winchesters,
-. He saw a train with a number of men
aboard going down to Wardner. There
were conflicting rumors of what would oc
cur at.Wardper. He went down on the
noon train and reached Wardner. in time
to hear the thrse explosions when the mill
was blown up. He saw many men, some
with Winchesters, and there was consider
able > fighting. To avoid the conflict h'j
stepped upon an engine. . While on th*»
engine a man with a revolver boarded the
cab and demanded that the train Ibe
brought to a stop,- and this was don*.
Meantime there ¦, was some shooting into
the flume of <he mining camp. The train
then proceeded to' Wallace. There was
no excitement there. The same quiet pre
vailed at Wardner, Kellogg and other
points. '¦' ¦ ¦¦ - -.. ¦ •
Sovereign told of his appearance before
the Coroner, when many soldiers and sev
eral lawyers identified with the mining
interests were present. As the military
was in control; Sovereign applied to mili
tar.y headquarters for a pass.. The wit
ness said he told the major in command
that he was president of a Montana min
ing company. Thereupon the officer
showed excessive affability and said the
military forces proposed to take care of
the mine operators. He heard he was to
be arrested, but this never occurred.
Sovereign said he had advised that the
soldiers be used to assist the local author
ities, but not to enforce martial law. In
stead of that, martial law was enforced
with extreme severity. The conditions
were less acute, he said, than in Chicago
during the great strike, and yet the mili
tary system adopted was far more rigid.
Insolence of Negro.Soldiers.
• Sovereign described scenes, $t .the .Vbull
pen.'-' : He" said ¦he I heard i negro, soldiers
use obscene language against the Impris
oned, miners. . When ' tha , man were ar r
rested they 'wore light clothwiß, such as
Is used in deep, mines, and, although the
weather was very cold, they.' received no
additional clothing. ' " •
The witness stated that while one. of
the miners was in the "bullpen," a. per
son attempted to force an entrance to the
room pf the miner's wife. The man com
mitting the offense was arrested by a
local constable, but afterward released by
the soldiers. ¦ When asked who was the
responsible- official in charge of affairs.
Sovereign* said there was no difference
between - Governor Steunenberg, Gen
eral Merriam, Captain Edwards and Au
ditor Sinclair. 3 . . *
"They all had Krag-Jorgensens behind
them," he declared. '
He added that one of the mine officials
had given the order to "fire" at the time
the demented miner, Johnson, was shot.
Sovereign will continue to-morrow, j
I >rVwVV^VWHrVVwVVwVVVVVwVwVwX
jiji^'iniSE
ifTjJHWP* INJECTION. j|
i; A PERMANENT CURE ,
j 1 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhcea 1 '
J• - and -Gl«et, eaaranteed ' In from 3 to 6 < '
1 ' days ; no other treatment required. ' 1
'1 . ' SoW by all drngglsts. „ Ji
VvVVVVVWVVVWVVVVVVVVVwVVVvVV« '
f^OPLAitS P|v^^^>
•.'COAL. COKB AND PIO TOON.
Jr WII CflV *• TA 9*> Battery Btreet-
¦L» nILSUII tt WV- 1 Telephone Main ISM.
\ COPPERSMITH. ;.. i
JOSEPH. FOX, Eupt . ; ' H: BLTTH. M»r.
r W SMITH Sn'P ¦ : -Plumblne. ' Steamboat
L- W • iJUlll. and Ship Work a Specialty. II
and IS , Washington st. Telephone Main 6«4L
r_ *
FRESH AND : SALT MEATS. •
lie DAVPC £ m Shipping " Butchers, 104
JAS DUltDa tU-i Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
: PAPER DEALERS. ;
n/Ti I 1 1II7TTIJ PULP AND PAPER CO.,
TYILLAJuEI 1C 722 Montgomery st.
PRINTIN& .
EC-BUGBES. mfcSSSW-ar.
STATIONER AND PRINTER. '
Tel Sde. hlc PARTRIDGE
visit OR- JORDAN'S orcat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Cfc UaiUSXS? ft- M. 6**7 l*, STCaL
%9 r The Largest Anatomical Museum In the
ji*lnlJii_ Wo"d. ' Weakne«s« or any contracted
jEgSBn drsene pasitively i«ttd by tho oldest
ISMI SpoctHUtco IbeCowc Etc. 36 year*.
tt3a?i OR.4ORUAM-PRIVATE DISEASES
¦ Mnl Comulution free md ftrirtly prirate
I JjfU m Tr« itment personally or by letter. A
I flr <X ¦ /W.rM* A<r«lQ every OMimaertaken. *
Plf ¦ ll» Write for Book. PBILOSOrBYtf
' U ll^ ¦4««I»6K > MAILBO FRBS. !A
n fl . valuable book for mm)
tin. JOBDAN4«O. IOSI Market St.. a F.
¦EMERCES
T^ir FAVORITE
IRESCRIPTION
JL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
COMPAONIE GENEBALE TBANSATLASTIQEE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRK-PARI3
Bailing every Thursday Instead of <SjKXIN
Saturday, from November 1. 1599. at "-^" i'**.-»>
10 tm. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton 'st • LA BRETAQNH. • March 8;
L-AQUrTAINE. March 15: LA CHAMPAGNE.
March B: LA TOURAINE. March ti. First
class to Havre. J6O- and upward: 5 per cent re-
duction on round trip. Second class to Harr-.
145- 6 per cent reduction on round, trtp. ~ GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 33 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Torfc J F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery av>.. ?*n Francisco.
ATEN _ TS Lj;
-NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAUNY AND WASHINGTON BTB.— RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD *
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to U W day;
$6 to 18 week; IS to (20 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room; fir* grates la •vary
room; elevator run* all night.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAIkEEBS.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AMD VAIUEji
Steamer "Monticcllo.'* •'
MO.V, Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.; 2:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. i
p m. tending and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier "So. 2. Telephone Main UOB. ¦
FARE • - SOo
W/,T.HES9,
NOTARY PO4LIO AND ATTOBMST-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013, Claus Sprockets Bldff-
Telephone Brown 911. . .
Residence, 821 California St.. below Powell.
San Francisco. ' - .- ¦ - • -¦'.-
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMUNA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; - irlves health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot."- 323 Market.
Oleet, 3p«rm*to?rb %££
»lilt»i, onaatur»l liZ
flf Oo«mitt«J char?-*, or any infl J - na ».
PCW »ot to wtowra. tion. .irritation or uicsr*
l?S%rHEEyt!<a Chem'ru Co. bril "«- Noo-a«trin<-iit.
Wk U- ¦;• a. *">« fn Plain wr»pp«r.
.9|i^^ &£2sf^S'
BRUSHES^ BfflßaTS:
houses, billiard tables
brewers. - bookbinders, candy-makers, canners
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters.- shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. «tc
BUCHANAN . BROS.. "
Brash Manufacturers.' 609 Sac ram on to St
¦^^^I^. _ r " - ¦_'__;¦'' ADVBBTIBKM ENT3. '.^ ,__ 1 . _
Disorders of Men Cured,
; Oup Bank Deposit Guarantee.
': 4 .AS A; r GUARANTEE WEWILL LET THE PATIENT DEPOSIT
the price.of.a cure in any'hanjc in San Francisco, to be paid after he is
well. IPiris not convenient to do this, oayments may be made
in"' monthly iristalKnents. 'It requires confidence backed by ability to
make^ such -an. offer. . No other doctors will undertake a cure on these
• conditions. .' s J i. , J i •:
|No IncoraWe Cases fafcen at Any Price. No injurious Medicines Use!
.\ NO CHAR6|# /^^^^^C<S^, ml
MEDICINES : ( \25 [^2S I fe/ ) AND ADVIGE
APPLIANCES.. a^^44sfe^^^ OR BY MAIL.
- •'• We have long been recognized as the most successful specialists for men In America.
• - Every member of our staff has made a lonr'and careful study of the weakness ana •
diseases of the male sex and the remedies, methods and appliances which cure them. .
HOME CURES— FREE BOOK.
• We can cure you at home. Although it is preferable to see the pa-
tient in many instances, it is not always necessary. If you cannot call,
-write for private book, diagnosis sheet, free advice, prices and other par- .
ticiilars Correspondence solicited. All letters confidential.
DR. BUYERS & CO.
HO i MQM Q T»lr a i' Qtr Apt ELEVATOR Hoars-8 to 5 daily. ?
7 3 1 iudrlkot on eet« PMTP . vrp sund ay 9-9 10 n.
#W * SAN FRANCISCO. EWTKAWLfc. Eveninsrs _ 7 to 8 /,.
4A/Mhe-Week Sales.
H . Colored PhotOS— Life subjects, very handsome,
Ji ;.- framed • in • 1-inch ornamented gilt molding, with 3-inch
f» mount, full size, 16x19 inches, at the very special price, this
% ' v&eb, each.:....... ...:.;........, ....s*•/*
* Art De: a tmint— Second Floor.' ¦
X Men's Suspenders - Fancy wjbbing, leather end.
JC ...... .;„..:.:..:. ::.;/:. ............::.:.:........;...;....:.: .....t7o
% Men's Linen Hanttkarohlofs-TvM siza . _/O©
£ Men's Whi io UnlaindorQcf Shir (s-n? fa-
ir" ¦' mou3 "Leominster" nnke,"siza line broken, each. ....... .330
Jf : Third tect on—^ght of Entrance.
Grocery and Liquor
Sale Extraordinary.
Crosse & Blaokwell'a Lucca Oil—We
have just SCO quart bottles of this best of table
oil, which we offer to-day only, while quantity
lasts, per bottle- ¦¦ . ••• • • • .......... S9o
vAs quantity is small, not mort than } bottles sold .to a singlt
, customer.
Ivory Soap, 6o— We have on hand just 2500
bars of the large laundry size of genuine Ivory
Soap, the kind that floats, which we place on
special sale to-day, while quantity lasts, per
bar..... .. — 6o
%As quantity is' small, not mart 'ban to bars will be sold to a
• single cus'omer.
Grocery 'Department— ltear.
Jesse Moore AA Whisky, 796— -The
genuine ;at thi 3 extraordinarily low price we
will sell 309 bottles, and no 'more'; a3 quantity
is small, none will be sold by the case ; the
-. special price to day only, psr boitio. . 790
Ljqiior T)ept — Main Floor, Rear.
Special Prices for
Furniture and Carpets.
Nine~very special bargains for thrifty house fur-
nishers who come to the big store to-day or to-
morrow.
Oobblor-Soatod Rookor, golden oak, large and
comfortable, nicely finished, regularly $4.00 each, special
for two days....; .-- ......'• $2.30
Ladios' Dressing Table f in either go'den oak,
birdseye maple or mahogany finish, regularly $8.50 each.
special for two day 3...... 0573
Hall Hat Ratfk, solid golden oak, with 12x13 beveled plate
mirror, regularly $13.50, special for two day 3 .$3.25
Emma led tiod, blue, white or pink, full siza. a very
handsoma bed, regularly $18.00, special for two days
. .' .........-$13.73
Upright Folding Bod, solid gold an oak. with 18x40
beveled plate mirror, regularly 1 37.50, special for two dars
........:. ..r..... 531.5 D
Mae/uettO Rugs* 27x54 inches, a handsome parlor rug,
regularly $2.50, special for two day 3...... $1.6 J
TapOStry GarOOts, new choice designs, regularly 63c
per yard, our very special price........ ...•'.. 45 O
Ingrain GarpetS, two-ply, all wool, regular 85c per
yard goods, our very special price... ...................... .SOo
Axmtnster Oar pots, new. effects, regular $1.50 per
yard goods, our vjry. special price, per yard..... $1.00
S.cond tlo.r—Rear. .
AH CONLON ALARMS HIGHBINDERS
WITH HIS MINIATURE ARSENAL
Wednesday Specials.
ISO Madras, 11c— We have 93 pieces in this lot of fine
quality Madras, strictly new, up-to-date goods, 31 inches
wide, an ideal line for fine Waists, Blouses, Sh'rts and out-
ing pui poses generally, a splendid 15c value ; on special sale
to-day 0n1y.... Ho
* (Main <Aisle—Hrst Table. .
X EmpirG CcmbB—V?e place on special eah for this day
£ only, 6) dozen Ladies' Shell Empire. Combs, in a large aa-
? sortment of new and handsome pattern?, their regular value
i 25c and 30c each ; the special sale price for this day only,
y each...... .............. i. ....:.....:...:. ts'o
&{b:ion Department — (Main floor.
Trioo* Tabto Covons—1 yard square, for center and
card tables, fringed all aronnd, a special purchase of 450 of
these handsome covers, regularly 25c each ; on special sale
to-day only.......... Wo
(Main Aisle— Third Table.
" "Keith's." The fine array of walking
hats alone will ! pay you for a ca!l at
Keith's opening next Friday and Sat-
urday. 808 Market street. *
Brown Bros. A 00..
121 and 12} Sansotne Street,
- Retail Stock,
Half-Price.
LITTLE Bennle Laws, 13 years
old, walked in his sleep yester
day morning and plunged to
his death through a window
while pursuing an imaginary enemy.
His mother, seeing his danger, had
tried to catch him and for a brief
moment had hold of his heel as he
was falling out of the window, but
the foot slipped from her grasp and
he was dashed to death In the yard
below.
Mrs. Lillian Laws resides at 226 De
visadero street, where the tragedy oc
curred. With her were her son, Ben
jamin H. Laws, and her daughter, her
husband being absent in the East.
The boy was a victim of dyspepsia,
and this disease brought on insom
nia, but he was never known to walk
in his sleep. " At 1 o'clock yesterday
morning Mrs. Laws, whose slumbers
were light, was awakened by the
sound of the boy running around the
rooms. She got out of bed and found
him in the hall pursuing -an Imagi
nary burglar and crying "Stop him,
stop him! Don't let him get away!"
The peculiar sound -of the child's
voice and his actions convinced his
mother. that he was in a somnambu
listic state, and she ran after him to
awaken him and prevent him from
hurting himself. At that moment he
ran into his own room and, vaulting
over his bed, jumped through the
window. His distracted mother threw
herself desperately forward , and
caught hold of one of his heels as he
was disappearing, but it slipped out
of her grasp, and he fell to the yard
twenty feet below. In his fall he
struck the kitchen porch and then the
ground.
M. T. Moses, an uncle of the boy,
picked up the mangled and uncon
scious form and carried it upstairs.
Medical aid was summoned, but the
poor little fellow was past all cure.
He had one moment of conscious
ness, and when he looked up at his
weeping mother and she saw that he
recognized uer she asked him to put
his arms around her neck. With the
last remnant of his fast ebbing
strength he twined his arms about his
mother's neck, laid his head upon her
bosom and smiled into her face. Then
he closed his eyes and passed away.
reau scheme. The men have found little
so far to encourage them in the belief
that their demands will be acceded, to
by the management in San Francisco.
They are. in fact, thoroughly satisfied
that their complaints will be sent East
for settlement. In that event
must elapse before they secure a final an
swer.
Sufficient ha? been made public through
one source and another to establish the
fact that the organized departments of
labor In the railroad service are unani
mously opposed to Huntington's insur
ance proposition. The brotherhoods have
completed their plans for concerted action
in opposition to tho bureau. The next
step, so far as the Western division ope
rators are concerned, has been definitely
formulated. The brotherhoods, it is un
derstood, propose to make a campaign
among the unorganized employes. These
Include the shopmen, mechanics, laborers,
car repairers, car cleaners and the like
who have not been banded together since
the American Railway Union was dis
solved. These men are in a position to
take individual stands for or against the
bureau, because they have no ties of
federation to bind them to concerted
moves.
The argument which appeals to m»n in
the brotherhoods has not the same weight
with these outside employes. The broth
erhoods stand firm in the belief that their
organized existence is jeopardized by this
company insurance plan. Certain It is
they declare that under the provisions of
the* scheme no new employe who is com
pelled to join the Insurance bureau will
feel like affiliating with a brotherhood
which is fundamentally an insurance or-
ganizatlon. The argument the brother
hood men make is that they will be de
prived of the opportunity of Increasing
their membership, and that it will be only
a matter of time when the brotherhoods
will die.; - s -.--"¦
Not a few of the subordinate officials
have been approached by the men since
the new scheme was promulgated, but
none of them has been able to overcome
that chief objection to the plan.
Every feature of tho Insurance plan is
being earefuly discussed at the brother
hoods* meetings, that the special commit
tee which is to appear before Genorol
Manaper Kruttschnitt next week will be
full}' fortified to explain the position of
the men. There is hardly a clause In vhe
scheme that meets the approval of the af
fected employes. They see between the
lines the hand of coercion. \Vhil»
on the surface there is no
suggestion of compulsion so far
as. old employes are concerned, the
men are so thoroughly satisfied that re.
fusalto join will eventually result in loss
of position that they take no stock what
ever in the voluntary aspect of the situ
ation. It is compulsory that all men en
tering- the service of the company afttr
March 1 must join the relief bureau. The
chief difficulty the men have to contend
against in making- a united front Is the
possible attitude of the unorganized em
ployes. But to overcome this no oppoitu
nity Is being lost to show those workmen
that their interests do not Up in any other
direction than that pointed out by the
brotherhoods.
There is no disposition on the part of the
engineers, conductors, firemen anrl other
train men to unduly magnify the danger
Another Remarkable Silk Offering.
The big store offers for this day" only a very handsome lot of Novelty ¦>¦
. Silk,' bought at a sacrifice from a prominent Eastern manufacturer. $1.28, $1,50, $1, 7
There are ninety different designs and colorings, most of them the 92.25 and $2.8 l
very latest styles. - The assortment includes Persian Stripes, French SpCCIStITo
Ribbon Plaids, Lace Stripes, Satin Faconne, Figured Peau de Soie, £%g% i
Fancy Armures. Plain Stripes and Printed Warp effects, and are mJI&C per i
actually worth . $1.25, $1.50, $1.75, $2.00, $2.25 and a yard— ' v
Wednesday's special prloe ninety-eight cents*
Second Table 'Main Aisle.
1 he Hair Price Sales
Glass Photo Frames m . jA- S_. _ —-— _ _- ~~_M Silk Floss Cushions
pride themselves on having a force of
"stool -pige6ns"; that cannot", be . equaled
in San' Francisco.;' One of these, who was
on the alert Sunday jiight, pulled; the of
ficers; into ; a'Jdark i hallway; and . told of a
bad Suey Sing highbinder, who was armed
to ; the ; teeth and out for immediate busi
ness. V Silver and Murphy/ started in pur
suit and ; chased the suspicious Mongolian
through underground passages/over roofs
and covered ¦ nearly eight blocks . of terri
tory. -They at length laid for him around
a* corner? and covering him with their pis
tols demanded the surrender of his!shoct
ing-irons.';Meanwhile about 600 Chinamen
had joined \ln i the chase, and ; all watched
with ; surprise .when i Silver "and Murphy,
after giving the command; kicked them
selves j and * passed a - handful ; of , : drink
checks to : the ' object of .their i chase); then
retired from £ the ; scene • blushing . to i . the
roots of their hair. .- ;" I ' ";;
cape THF FMPOIM HAI*""
Nome lilt * <fITB JLd I^"UHI ill#l/reM
Supplies ¦P^L -- <£^? a mfmfor Spring
Chean. UOldeil KBie 1W M3k fti»« m Catalogue.
CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST-AMERICA f S, GRANDEST STORE
He gives the sign of- the great Fin .T.»t
Vow, jingles the'eoin in his pockets and is
admitted to the gaming apartments, where
the glad. hand meets him. The chagrin of
the Chinese may only be Imagined when
he draws a* gun, after the fashion, of the
"Arizona cowboy," and threatens, to shoot
the fingers off the first Mongolian who at
tempts to do away. with the paraphernalia
of the game. The curtain Is ¦ rung down
on his little act when he marches the con
tents of the room. up to a patrol 1 box. 'T
Jack Conlon was on such an expedition
Sunday - night. y : .-He ¦ tramped \ from i club' to
club ; in the drenching > rain; ; and ; his '. stilt
like shoes often struck the air, on account
of the slippery- sidewalks.. Each : time ;he
.fell an arsenal rolled out ¦¦• of his "pockets
and caused much apprehension among the
menlwho carried around prices on their
heads.. " '..
Officers Bob Silver and Tom Murphy
- - .... .- --• .^ .. ¦
OFFICER JACK CONL.OX, new. bail
iff in No. 4 court, but recently prince
of deceivers in the Chinese quarter,
¦ Is now a full-fledged : highbinder,
with credentials to wield the hatchet o
take the scalp 3 of the tong "pig-tails."
Officers Bob Silver and Tom Murphy will
henceforward pass him by with a coM
stare and. lea vte the recesses of his celes
tial robes unsearched.
Officer Conlon. although raised to -the
dignity of a bailiff, has been in the habit
of returning to the haunts of his old asso
ciations, attired as a : Mongolian, in the
hope of capturing the wily fan-tan and
pie-gow players, whooperate behind closed
doors. "Open court or nothing", is hia
motto. After donning his pigtail, painting
his face and squirming his eyelids into tho
contour of an almond, he sallies forth and
presents himself at the door of the clubs."
Special \Z Week.
Honri lßoohoau Combination Paokagom —
Containing one cake of Soap, one bottle of Extract, one
package of Sachet Powder, any of these odors— Peaa
dTspagne, Heliotrope, Violet and White Rose — per package.
«... ISo
Perfumery Department — Rotunda.
relieves painful periods
and regulates menstru-
ation. It cures backache,
kidney troubles and all
uterine disorders.
Read the letters from
women appearing regu-
larly in this paper.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
The friends of the Old Government
Whisky are never drunkards. •
There are not lesn than 100.000 paupers
in, New York City.
Strauss 0 Muslin Underwear
ami Corsets at
Half Price.
Strauss' s3 Nainsook Gowns— half
¦ P rice $1.50
Strauss' s2 Nainsook Gowns -half
„ Price $1.00
Strauss' $3.50 Cambric Skirts— Wl
„ Price- $1.75 \
Strauss' $5 Cambric Skirts— half
Price $2.5'J
Strauss' $2 Nainsook - Drawers —
half price.... $1.00
Strauss' 50c Corset Covar* —
— half price... 25c
Strauss' Corset Stock
, consisted of the best lines of
W. B R. N. G., P. D., I. C, C. P. and Fer-
ns Waists and other miscellaneous brands, all
of which are unsparingly cut for the great double
gale to one-half of Strauss' prices.
Tht sips are broken, but if we can Jit you, you get a bargain.
ADVEETISE3IESTS.
Pliskhans's
•
and Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound have
restored health and
happiness to scores of
women. This is not a
mere advertising, claim,
but a positive fact.
The reason Mrs. Pink'
hem Is so qualified to ad~
vise women is because
for 20 years she has been
treating and
woman's ills. Her ad-
dress is Lynn, r&ass.
If you are ill, write to
her for help, as thousands
of women are doing.
Fine Jackets,
Suits, Waists,
Skirts, Gapes,
Tailor Dresses®
Strauss' Suits and Cloaks Half-Prlce.
Strauss' $5.00 to $30.00 Jackets— Most of them silk-lined, I
now . ;, . • ¦ $f.oo to SIO.OO Fine Jackets,
Ladies' All-Wool Dresses, for which Strauss charged $10.00 Suit* Waiata
to $35.00, now $5.00 to $15.00 eL/Sl r^»I«
Plain and Plaid Skirts— An assortment of this season's, all Zl .Jl*' ** a P es
wool, all finely made ; Strauss' prices $3.50 to $30.00, our prices.. . TBHOtT UreSSt
$1.50 to $10.00 — — — —
Fancy Cotton Underskirts— An assortment of all kinds, for mJ - \ '¦'¦¦
which Strauss asked $1.00 to $5.00 each, our sale prices «J^y£=^lk. -^ -
¦ • . — " i ¦•¦¦¦ SOo to $2.45
Sil.t RettiGOats—A great variety, colored and black ; Strauss'
prices were $B.CO to ;}2j,00, our sale price 3
.......:._ ....:.... . . ... . . $3.95 to $10.00
All Kinds of Skirts — An assorted lot, for which Strauss asked
from $3.50 to $3 '.CO each, our prices $1.50 to $IOmOO
Ladies' Wrappers— An assortment of all kinds, for which
Strauss' prices were $1.50 to $10.00, our prices.
¦ • • ; - 69c to SSmOO
Shirt Waists— An assortment of good Shirt Waists, for' which
Strauss' prices were 75c and $1.00, our prices. . . . 38c and! SOo
Silk Waists— An assortment of the finest, in colors and black, all
sizes ; Strauss' prices $10,00 to $20,03 each, our prices
$4.95 to $7.50
Second Floor-Front. * V
Brown Bros. & Co. manufacture only reliable all-wool clothing.
Having retired permanently from the retail business, the Emporium
purchased their retail stock of clothing for men and - boys, and the same is now on
sale in this store at exactly half-price.
Brown Bros.' Men's $13 MO Ohovlot and Oasslmere Suits,
now 1.................. $8.80
Men's $!SmOO Suits— twenty, different styles, all-wool Worsted and Cassi-
meres— now .'„ $7mBO7 m 8O
Men's $22,80 Suits -twenty styles of the newest patterns— no *.. $11.25
Men's $12. 50 Overcoats— leavers, Kerseys and Cheviots—now
• .« $6.25
Young Men's $10mOO Overcoats— Six styles, Covert 3, Kerseys and
Cheviots— now.... ,\53.00
Young Men's $16m60 OvorooatS—Tatat grade Kerseys and Coverts,
up-to-date in eVery particular— now .....$6*23
Youths' $10. 00 Suits— Cheviot, Serges and Cassimere— now &8.00
Eoy&' $15.00 Long Pants Suits— All-wool blue and black Worsteds
and Serges. Cheviots and Cassimeres — n0w........ .......~ ......... 87.30
Boys' SIO.OO 3'PIOOO Suits— Single or. double breasted— now.. ss.OO
Ohl. dren's $5.00 Vesteo Suits— Sizes 3 to 8 years— now $2mBO
Boys' $5.00 Sailor Suits— Sizes for 3 to 10 years, blue or fancy Cheviots..
.......: „ $2.50
(Main Floor— U^ear Entrance.
Great Clothing Opportunities Now.
$1.28, $1.50, $1.75, $2.00,
$2.28 and $2.80 Silks,
Special To-Day
98c per Yard
Everything to Eat, Drink or Wear, Under One T^pof.
WALKED IN HIS SLEEP
AND PLUNGED TO DEATH
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
EXTRA POLICE
TO WATCH THE
HIGHBINDERS
Authorities Endeavoring to
Suppress Further War
Among Chinese.
Fighting Tongs Have Not Yet Slaked
Their Thirst for Revenge and
More Trouble Is Ex
pected.
Chinatown is in a ferment and the high
binders have only pocketed ] their guns
and sheathed • their knives until some
fresh imaginary . wrong that demands
expiation by blood lays hold of them. The
complication of the tongs is a veritable
Chinese puzzle, but this time both branch
associations of the See Yups and
Yups are dove-tailed, prohibiting the pos
sibility of a big trade war between these
two societies. '* . .
The murder of two fish merchants Mon
day morning may or may not settle the
present score. Both -men were members
of the Sam Yup Company, but not at
tached to any of the warring tongs. Just
what new alliances will be. made among
the tongs and what blood must be let to
satisfy the highbinders' fury for revenge
may be determined at any day.
An arrest was made yesterday morning
by Detective Ed. Gibson of a Chinese said
to be one of the murderers who shot down
the two merchants. His name is Chang
Chung, but all connection with the event
is emphatically denied by him.
The Police Department is formulating
various schemes to prevent future China
town outrages. Chief Sullivan has de
tailed an extra squad of policemen for
duty in the turbulent quarter. Sergeant
Pat Mahoney has been put in charge. Un
der him will be Patrolmen Mackey, Daly,
Driscoll and Behan, all of whom are stal
wart officers. Sergeant Mahoney was
specially selected because of his rcputa
•tion as a silencer of hpodlumism. The
squad will attend to highbinders exclu
sively, assisted by Detective Ed Gibson.
Dong Gong, interpreter in the police
courts, and the man who started a late
highbinder trouble, declares that the ven
geance wreaked upon the two merchants
Monday morning was originally meant for
Dong Gong and his family. The Suey
Sings have laid $500 blood money upon
Dong Gong, he says, and he is ; yet wait
ing.
Consul Ho Vow is of the opinion that
international agreement will alone settle
the differences between the highbinder so
cieties, unless the Chief of Police in
creases the force in Chinatown and beats
down lawlessness by force of arms.
of serious trouble. But many of them rio
not hesitaie to declare that there will be
no stopping until some favorable result is
attained. Not since ISS4 have the men
been so determined to assert their side of
the controversy with the company. ' .
Evidence of the care which Is bein«;
taken by the men to maintain a dignified
yet strong position is manifested in their
refusal to furnish information concerning
the executive meetings which are being
held this week by the various brother
hoods. Orders have been given that the
members shall not publicly discuss the In
surance scheme nor any of the objections
they have *to it. Every move has been
made primarily to organize a represenia
the grievance ermmlttee, which shall be
equipped to make a proper showing beroro
the railroad officials.
If failure shall result then another pro
gramme of attack on the scheme will bo
inaugurated. Whether this will culminate
in a strike is a matter for future develop
ments to determine, t
Conforming to the plan arranged, the
special committee of' the Brotherhood of
Railway Trainmen and the Order of Rail
way Conductors met this evening at West
Oakland with E. C. Fellows Lodge No. 71.
Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen. The
firemen appointed a committee similar to
that of the other organizations. This
leaves only the engineers to name their
representatives for the joint meeting,
which will be held Saturday evening As
soon as. the union grievance committee
has been organized they- will definitely
arrange upon their plan for presenting the
objections of the brotherhoods to General
Manager Kruttschnltt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 1900.
SCHEME THAT
MADE MEYER
COMMISSIONER
Southern Pacific Relief De
partment Demanded It
of Gage.
Possible Opposition by the Leader of
Brotherhood of locomotive En
gineers Thus Done Away
With.
When the Southern Pacific Company
conceived the new relief department it
did so with a prescience of possible oppo
elUon on the part of the railroad em
ployes. Long before the plans were form
ulated the first step was taken and Gov
ernor Henry T. Gage was called on to
render his assistance. Gage's helpful
Ji* 3^ as raJsed b y the appointment of
i» ' ileVM " as Labor Commissioner.
Meyer was the most formidable man the
railroad company had met in its dealings
with the brotherhood associations, lie
was at the head of the Brotherhood of
l^ocomotive Engineers, the strongest so
ciety of laboring men that came In
active and daily contact with the govern
ing powers of the yellow building. For
tight years Meyer represented the loco
motive engineers with unfaltering zeal.
He knew their power and their influence
and was at all times the champion of their
cause whenever disputes that needed set
tlement arose or differences had to be pet
tied That the railroad company respected
Merer s power and Influence was ' dis
p!aj-ed on more than one occasion.
With the idea of a relief bureau in mind
the Southern Pacific master minds can
vassed the entire field. They scheduled
anc tabulated the obstacles that stood In
the way of ultimate success. H. V. Meyer
was the greatest possible obstruction to
the successful consummation of their
ecfceme, so they found a place which they
theught he might accept- The Southern
Pacific Induced Gage to make the appoint
ment and the strongest man in the broth
erhood organization took the bait. Mey
er's successor in the Brotherhood of Loco
motive Engineers has neither his experi
ence nor influence.
When Meyer received his appointment
there was a batch of applicants for the
position. The Governor had previously
anr.ounced that he would select a man
froai the ranks of labor, and the race for
the appointment was hotly contested. At
the last moment Meyer's candidacy was
announced, to the .utter surprise of all
other aspirants. Without any ado or hesl
tarcy Gage made him his choice and now
th« Southern Pacific relief department
coiceivers simile to think they have de
pr.ved the men who might make an or
ganized stand against the scheme of their
nnst influential leader.
EMPLOYES DISSATISFIED.
B«e No Hope for Early Settlement of
Belief Scheme.
OAKLAND. March 6.— Southern Pacific
enployes in Oakland are watching closely
for fone s='.p;n from headquarters as to
t.ie officials' attitude toward their cam
raicn ag-ainst the Huntineton relief bu-
— *g <Sa2?iV^ » "IH guarantee
J^KiSKrIL thBt mr KldDey Cure
jff^B£gjyrffl*JEE will cure 90 per cent.
iHfcT^^^TZjS. °* *" fornlB of kJdner
wy >*€¦ complaint scd la
"ZiS -^^w m»2y Instances tbe
Itf Sf&SPitt+aMr most t*rioui forms of
V «S> f^9 Brlghfs disease. I.'
Y-^Sb plicated send a fonr-
J^t*3SgL. ooncc Tlal of urine.
tSj^^S&W'^W ft nd «d r !se you Ire©
At aS <sruzEltf». 28e. a »1»J. Onlfle to He«lth
t4 m»<llrf,l iS»K» <rr-». 1505 Arfh «t.. PhU«.
V »
VI Tn»^rt!<-fl ortTtr- **'•*¦ *,i,'.|,,,\, . ,;¦¦ jmmm
"I have found yonr Bronchial Troches
roost useful for luwrsciicss and colds." Prof.
L. Rica, Queens College, Londox, Esq.
HiSf^WfiF® Bronchial
OP BOSTON
Sold lq boxp^only— Avoid Imitations.
n i * 1 /T Located on Market
rA I A( r street « in close
1 t\Ut\\^U proximity to busi-
i jlj r\ ness section, places |
Alii/ of amusement !>n<i .'
depots;. HOO rooms, <
(iD AftJifc 9^ T - Itb baths at "
\li\An£j tached. The largest ;
and finest hotels in \
lI A TCI C the world - Amcri- ,
n sj I ci>?V an and Eur ° i>ean '
5
iThatthere will' be a big rush' to ; Cape Nome, this
season may be accounted as certain, but lit will be
well forthose who think of joining the rush to
member .that "most of the'; glittering tales of gold : in
that I vicinity have been told either by men who have
claims there to sell or by ship-owners who. expect to
make money out of the rushers. • .
For the present the expert critics on the South Afri
can war are rattled and are in doubt whether to pre- >
diet a battle or a footrace. ¦-?.-..••,
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
IN MEXICO OR GUATEMALA— H. I.
!»., Alameda, Cal. For Information as to
the possibilities of obtaining a position in
either Mexico or Guatemala apply at tha
office of the Consul in San Francisco for
each of the countries named.
NO SUCH LICENSE— M. L. , James
town, Tuolumne County, Cal. The records
of San Francisco do not show that there
was a marriage license issued to the par
ties named. In letter of inquiry between
the Ist of January, 1599, and February 12,
1900. . •
CANNOT - VOTE— J. C, . Jacksonville.
Tuolumne County, Cal. An alien cannot
vote in California before he has obtained
naturalization papers, commonly „ called
"second papers." In some .States aliens
can vote after having declared their inten
tion of becoming citizens, but not in Cali
fornia. • ¦
TURKESTAN ALFALFA— J. H. L..
Holland, Or. Turkestan alfalfa seed Is
not yet on the market. Small quantities
have been sent out by the Department of
Agriculture at Washington, D. C, for ex
perimental purposes. The Congressman
from your, district will no doubt be able
to procure, a sample package for you if
you communicate -with :him.
;: THE DAVIS AUTOMOBlLE—'.'Con
stant Readers," City.; If you were "con
stant readers," as you declare, you would
have noticed the announcement' In The
Call that It was Impossible for Mr. Davis
and hla wife to conUnuq tb^fJQUfQW. Ift
THE CHRISTIAN'S POWER.
Rev. Philip Coombe spoke befor© the
Congregational ministers at their " meet-
Ing on Monday, his subject beinfl "The
Christian's Power Over Opposing Forces."
In part he said:
We are living in an age in which the forces
which arise to arrest the progress of truth are
everywhere in evidence and strikingly in ar
ray. Many Christians, both ministers and lay
men, oftentimes allow thes« adversaries to ex
ert i too (treat an influence over them. In this
materialistic age we are too prone to let that
which Is material have the mastery when we
ought to exercise the authority God has given
us over everything material. It is the Chris
tian's'privilege—it Is every man's prerogative —
to use the power which God has given to him
over all opposing forces, to overrule them for
the elevation of humanity and the extension
of our Captain's cause. Science and history
and biography teach us that it is by looking be
yond and above the forces that are against us
and grasping them with the power which God
has given us that we are upheld and renewed
in strength, enabled to mount up with ¦ wings
as- eagles and to lift others as. we rise. Even
when wa seem to be defeated by antagonistic
forces we may grapple them more surely and
rise by - them more securely. We are to oount
It all Joy when we are put Into hard: places
where we are surrounded by hostile forces It
may show, to us that God thinks a great deal
of us by intrusting that which Is difficult and
Important into our hands and by assuring us
that He will make us more than conquerors
through Him ¦ that hath loved us.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, March 6.— P. H. Mor«
of San Francisco Is at the National.' N.
A. Diamond of San Francisco is at the
Ebbitt House. Dr. E. B. Cutler and wife
of San Francisco are at the Shoreham.
Incredible but True.
Passenjrers on the Union Pacific "Orwiand
Limited" can leave San Francisco foorteea
hours later and arriv* la Chicago nearly frt»
hours .earlier than by an-» other through, car
line. D. W. Hitchcock. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montgom-
ery St.. 8. F.
OUR TRADE WITH THE ORIENT.
IZIJROM the Department of Agriculture there has
1 been issued a bulletin of statistics concerning our
trade with China, Japan and Hongkong for the
decade ending with 1899. The showing made of the
development of the trade is remarkable, for during the
ten years it increased from a total of $46,294,167 in
ISB9 to $87,305,688 during the last fiscal year.
Of the total amount of the traffic of 1809 the exports
from China, Japan and Hongkong to the United
States were valued at $47,815,035, while the imports
from this country were valued at $39,400,653. The
showing made by the statistics .is therefore not as
gratifying. as it might be. There are no natural rea
sons why our exports to the Orient should not be at
least equal, to the value of our imports, and there is
some satisfaction in noting that the tendency is in
that direction. Thus on comparing the exports of
1889 with those of ten years later it appears that the
value of our exportations to those countries increased
during the decade by 256 per cent, while the value of
our imports from them increased only, 36 per cent.
Detailed statistics showing the relative quantities
and values of the various exports during 1890, were
not available at the time of the preparation of the bul
letin, but in the previous year 40 per cent of the whole
were of agricultural products, while in 1889 only 25
per cent were of that character. The article which
figures chiefly in the increase is wheat,' the shipments
of which to Japan alone increased from $300,609 in
1889 to $8,969,816 in 1898. , . .'
Taken as a whole the exporta of 1898 consisted
mainly of five leading articles— cotton, cotton manu
factures, kerosene oil, wheat flour and manufactures
of iron and, steel. Of these items it is significant that
the importations of raw cotton were- valued at over
$7,000,000, while the cotton manufactures were valued
at but little more than $63,000. It seems the orientaj
people are beginning to use our raw material and do
their own spinning. » ,
There is little question butjwhat.we could largely
increase our exports to China if we would follow the
policy which has enabled Germany to enter that mar
ket with .such , success against Great Britain—
that of employing as Consuls men who can speak the
language 1 of the people. /and promoting steamship
lines to carry on the commerce. The Japanese and
the Chinese are our neighbors and should be . our
customers.; They will . be ko as soon as we enter ac
tively into the task of beating our European rivals by
the adoption of mercantile tactics as wise as their own.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In improved wlde-vestlbulad Pullman tourtt
sleeping cars via Santa Fe route. Experience)
excursion conductors accompany these exctr-
slons to look after the welfare of passen***.
To CMcajco and Kansaa City every Suixfey
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montieai
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St t*uu
©very Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday knd
Friday. Ticket office. €28 Market street. |
After all Cronje's position is not so very deplor
able. He has won lasting fame as the "Lion of
South Africa," and is now in a situation where he may
reasonably expect to live a long time to enjoy It.
Not Salfleld's Buses Alone.
The Park Commissioners have wrttt^i
to Dr. C. D. Salfleld declining to gralt
him an ¦ exclusive franchise to operale
motor omnibuses In Golden Gate Park «n
the ground that they are not empowertd
by the charter to grant such privilege. I
Townsend's Cal. glace fruits, and choice j
candies back to Palace Hotel. 639 Market.* j
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
A. Nealson, a merchant of Sacramento,
is staying at the Grand.
George EX Abbott of. Omaha is at the
Occidental with his wife.
L. P. Hatfleld, an attorney of Sacra
mento, is a guest at the Lick.
Frank A. Eagan, a mining man of An
gels Camp, is a guest at the Lick.
A. Nowell, a wealthy coffee "planter of
Guatemala, is a guest at the Lick. ¦
Nate R. Salsbury of Chicago Is one of
the arrivals yesterday at the Palace.
Charles Mclver, capitalist, is registered
at the Palace from Mission San Jose.
Dr. W. R. de Krafft of New York Is
among the late arrivals at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Venck are registered
at the Palace from The Hague. Holland.
Dr. M. E. Corbell of Chicago is a guest
at the Grand, where he arrived yesterday.
Frank H. Buck, a fruit grower of Vaca
ville, Is among the recent arrivals at the
Palace. ¦
J. C. Chase, a Los Angeles business
man, is among the recent arrivals at the
Palace. '¦'';¦-"'-'¦ /;. ¦ ¦'.',¦: ,
Dr. B. P. Anderson of Colorado Springs
is at the Palace, accompanied by his wife
and family. /
J. R. Hestwood, a wealthy mine owner,
is registered at the Grand from his home
in San Jose.
James Collins, a well-known fruit
rancher of Courtland, is at the Lick for
a few days.
Alexander Hill, a traveler from London,
is a guest at the Palace, where he ar
rived last evening.
Joseph R. Ryland, banker and capital
ist, is registered at the Occidental from
his home in San Jose.
J. Villa, a prominent coffee planter and
politician of San Salvador, Is a recent ar
rival at the Occidental.
LIGHT ON THE PHILIPPINES.
r\ YEAR ago the Filipino "rebellion" was over.
rA A few days after a Kansas soldier's gun precipi
* * tated hostilities, and after Torres, representing
Aguinaldo, had assured General Otis that there had
been no intention to bring on a war, that it was an ac
cident caused by retaliation of the first shot fired by
our side, and Otis had replied that war had begun
and must go on to the bitter end, official dispatches
from Manila announced that pacification had been ac
complished.
Reference to the files of the daily press prove this.
April 3, 1599, Otis cabled: "Present indications de
note insurgent government in perilous condition; its
army defeated, discouraged and scattered; insurgents
returning to their homes." June 1 Otis telegraphed
thct 30.000 soldiers will suffice for effective control of
the Philippines. August 12 the President announced
that Ajruinaldo was making his last play, and the war
would be over by November I. August 16 it was de
cided to send tp Otis 63.500 soldiers to pacify the
Philippines. December 12 it was officially announced
from Washington that rebellion no longer existed.
February i, 1900, one year after the war began,
.^iniinxldo not yet located: no surrender; r.o
decrease in weekly mortality lists among our
soldiers: losses in American army, 1485 killed. 1051
vounded. and Filipino hatred of us universal and
- ..¦•¦<¦» . ¦ -:¦•-¦•• - . -1
Lrmer than ever, in consequence of a year 01 slaughter
ar.d destruction.
March 3 Associated Press reports interview with
one of our military officers in Manila, that rebel army
has been wonderfully rehabilitated in the last month,
particularly in the northern provinces: that Filipinos
professedly friendly to us are officers in the wide
spread Masonic organization which dedicates itself to
independence. They are circulating Senator Beve
ridge's speech to prove that we mean simply an op
pressu'e commercial exploitation of the islands, and
an editorial from an administration newspaper in
Washington declaring the same thing.
Otis has sent for 1000 pairs of handcuffs to be used
on American soldiers who have been driven insane by
the climate.
March 5 General Wheeler arrives and reports a
banquet by the Sultan of Sulu and return festivities to
the polygamous Mahometan on board an American
nian-of-war. Colonel Barry says there remains but
a scattered fragment of Aguinaldo's forces. Telegrams
of same date trom Manila report three American ex
peditions against Filipino armies in Camarines and
Nueva Caceres. helped out by gunboats; two Ameri
cans killed, many wounded; 140 Filipinos killed;
Filipino soldiers attacking Americans every night,
and foreigners doing business compelled to live on
ships in the harbor of Legaspi, or in the American
barrack?. Same date Otis reports engagements along
San Miguel Bay: Adjutant Gallagher killed, eight
Americans wounded; same date an amigo led our
men into an ambush and killed Lieutenant Kohler; in
revenge our troops burned a town and slew twenty
four of the villagers. Same date transport Sheridan
sailed from Manila with a large number of convicts
and twenty insane soldiers.
The dullest man must be impressed by the record.
Another rainy season is at hand and the islands are
less pacified than a year ago, except the Sultan of
Sulu. who is reported by General Wheeler to be proud
to be under the stars and stripes with his harem and
his slaves. But at last light is breaking in this coun
try, and at the right point in the political sky. Presi
dent McKinley has appointed a new commission to
deal with the Philippine question. He chose first his
personal and political friend, Judge Taft of Cincin
nati. The Judge's friends banqueted him on the sth
tr.st. The banquet was presided over by Mr. M. E.
Ingalls. who announced himself an expansionist of the
most radical order. A speech followed by Judge
Taft's former law partner. Judge Harmon, who was
•Attorney General in Mr. Cleveland's last Cabinet.
Harmon brought a profound hush upon the company
by a carefully worded speech against expansion. In
its course one guest cried out, "There are only four
of you." But its conclusion was heartily applauded.
The last speech was made by Judge Taft himself, and
furnished the genuine surprise of the occasion. He
said: "The Philippine Commission is not yet organ
ised. Its members have not conferred together. I
speak therefore for myself alone. Like Judge Har
mon, and unlike Chairman Ingalls, I am not now and
never have been an expansionist. I have always
hoped that the. jurisdiction of our nation would not
extend beyond territory between the two oceans. We
have not solved all the problems of popular govern
ment so perfectly as to justify our voluntarily seeking
more difficult ones abroad."
So breaks the light. The sycophants, who have
mnde the mistake of thinking that President McKin
ley demanded disciples instead of advisers, will be ad
.monished by his appointment of Judge Taft that: he
proposes not to conclude public opinion on this sub
ject, but to go on the line to which The Call has ad
vised Congress to adhere, by letting legislation alone
as to our external possessions until the facts can all
be known, when a right policy will crystallize. It is
noteworthy that Mr. Ingalls. who presided at the Taft
banquet, is a Democrat. ' General Wheeler, another
Democrat, comes home from the Philippines inflam
ing American greed by putting commercial exploita
tion foremost as the only reason he has for conquest
of thf inlands. So he exclaims, in rapt admiration of
the almighty dollar, "It only requires American brains
and push to make the Philippine*, Guam and Sulus
the most productive islands on the face of the earth."
There are 'to be many international conferences , at
the Paris exposition, but. there will be no attempt to
duplicate the late gathering at the Hague even as a
side show. : v?
THE STOCKMEN ORGANIZE.
IT seems novel that an industry as important as the
livestock interest of the Pacific States has been, up
to this time, without organization. .
The Western tour of the Secretary of Agriculture
last summer was partly for the purpose of inspecting
the condition of the Western stock ranges on the arid
lands of the public domain. His practical eye saw at
once the deterioration of these land:, by destruction of
their natural forage crop, causea by overstocking
through the use' of them in common. He advised a
change in the method of grazing, and that the stock
range?, more valuable for that than any other present
! purpose, be protected by leaseholds, the title remain
ing in the Federal Government, and the lands being
so under Federal control that the Government can
compel the renewal of their forage and the restoration
of their primitive capacity for feeding stock. In the
beginning the stockmen were indifferent. Many^pre
| ferred to let things go on as they have been going, to
I let the forage crop be destroyed, and deciding that
as after them would come the desert and the drought
; they would get all they could off the common range
! for a few years and retire from the business. But the
impulse given to the subject by the Secretary of Ag
riculture was sufficient to induce the introduction of
several bills to effect the purpose he favored. Still the
policy of indifference" and delay was manifested by the
stockmen themselves. It will be remembered that
when the water storage convention met in this city
last November its whole purpose was held up by cer
tain influences which promised that the grazing lands
should be leased and the revenue therefrom, above the
cost of administration, should be given to the States*
and Territories in which the lands lie for use in stor
ing flood waters for irrigation. So "the increase of
irrigating water by preventing the flood waste came to
be impinged upon the leasehold policy for the grazing
lands.
Mr. Irish of California, while in Washington last
January, found the leasing question in abeyance, wait
ing for tfce stockmen to relax their indifference,
withdraw their opposition, or cease their policy of
delay. As he had promoted the water storage conven
tion and plan, he saw the necessity of getting the leas
ing policy in action, and to that end invited the stock
men of the Pacific States to the conference held in
this city on Monday. The results, so far, are grati
fying. All shades of opinion were represented at the
meeting. Many differences were composed by getting
together. A permanent organization was formed,
which already includes a membership in California,
Nevada, Arizona. New Mexico and Oregon. A me
morial oa the subject of the leaseholds was addressed
to Congress and ordered circulated in the arid re
gions, and all indifference was submerged in a most
active interest. Mr. Ifusk. the permanent president,
in declaring the proper features of a leasehold bill,
.^?id that no bill should pass that did not regard
equally the interests of the landholder, the agricultural
settler, present and future, the mineral prospector, the
small herdsman, and all the classes of citizens who
make up the sturdy frontier population of- the arid
regions, where the grazing lands lie. This sentiment
is fully expressed in the memorial. It was the general
iee!ing that the Foster bill, now before the Senate,
offtrs the best basis for the perfection of a satisfactory
measure, which should be passed by the present Con
gress. All agreed that no opportunity should be
offered by the law for the large meat-packing com
bines to get hold of the ranges, and that the lawless
ness that has too much characterized the use of
ranges in common would cease by permitting the
owners of all kinds of stock to lease ranges and then
compelling them to keep their livestock on their own
holdings.
The greatest benefit is likely to follow this organi
zation. Every stockman should be a,membcr of it. and
it shoulci not cease its activities until the lands con
cerned are protected against destruction of their for
age, the meat supply against decline, and the future
settler assured of a home on an agricultural holding,
wherever the possibility may appear.
THE 'SAX FRANCISCO CAXLy WEDNESDAY^ MARCH 7, 1900.
mercial colleges of the first class, but they 'will avail
us little if their graduates are made dependent upon
politicians for offices in the consular service. ! Nor will
it be of much benefit to us to have such geographical
advantages for the trade of the Orient if we have not
representatives there who can speak the language of
the people and compete with foreign Consuls on equal
terms. Such being the situation, it would be well for
the commercial bodies of the Union to make an effort
to rouse Congress to action on the issue.
FAREWELL RECEPTION.
Mrs. Elmlra J. Simpson, wife of ; Past
Grand Master J.iH.. Simpson, and one of
the most ardent workers of the Rebekahs
In this city, will In a few days leave for
New York * City to rejoin * her \ husband,
who recently. took up his residence there.
Monday night . the • members' >¦ of v Loyal
Lodge of the: Rebekahs, 'of which
she is a • much . beloved member,
tendered her a farewell reception
in ;the< lodge room in the Odd
Fellows' building. The hall was crowded
with those who wished to " bid the lady
good-by. vAs a preliminary there was a
vocal duet by. Mrs. . Fannie J. Daniels and
Mrs. Gertrude Engelbright, a' declamation
by Lottie Linnie and a piano ¦ recital by
>Irs: E. Jorcnan, after whfch Mrs. Mary X
Donohoe,* secretary; of 'the California As
sembly.'; on behalf of .: the lodge, " presented
Mrs. Simpson with a beautiful go!d:watch
and chain, the watch bearing upon it an
appropriate . inscription, v. There was a
pleasant response to the eloquent presen
tation, address.-^ Then there -was an hour
al dancing and refreshments .were served.
ADVERTISEMENTS
She Demands Jury Trial.
OAKLAND, March 6. — The sensational
suit of Mrs. D. A. L>ane against Mrs.
Splars for th» recovery of J25.000 darsag-e*
for alienating the affections of Mr. Lane,
has been set for trial In Superior Judg«
Ellsworth's court on April 24. Mrs. Lana
has demanded a Jury trial.
Many causes induce gray hair, but Parker's
Hair Balsam brlnrs back the youthful color.
Hlndercorn*. th* best cure for corns. IS sui
WHERE THE GERMANS BEAT US.
T \EPORTS from Washington are to the effect
U-/ that the diplomatic and consular reform bill
has been shelved in committee and is not likely
to be taken up in the House at this session. On the
other hand, reports from Berlin announce that the
imperial Government has undertaken a thorough re
organization of the German consular service, with the
intention of making it even more effective than at
present.
It is to be borne in mind that the consular service
of Germany is already one of the best trained and ad
ministered commercial bureaus in the world. Through
ihe efficiency of their representatives abroad, the mer
chants and the manufacturers of the empire have rap
idly advanced to a leading rank among the great com
mercial nations. They are now rivals of Great Brit
ain in all parts of ; the globe, and are one of the
strongest competitors we will have to meet in our
efforts to expand our foreign trade. It is, then, a
matter of considerable concern to us that a movement
toward an improvement in the consular service is
dropped at Washington simultaneously with the un
dertaking of an enterprise toward that end at Berlin.
It may be conceded that our Consuls have done
good work in times past, but the times have changed,
and the class of men in our service has not changed
with them. In the days when our exports were made
up almost wholly of raw material or foodstuffs and
were shipped mainly to Great Britain, and.' when we
had no very active competition to meet, our system
of selecting Consuls did fairly well. Now, however,
we are shipping enormous quantities of manufac
tured goods and have come into direct rivalry with na
tions having a trained consular corps. We must, then,
have more competent representatives abroad than we
have had before. It is a necessity of the times!
The handicap upon our commerce resulting from
inefficient Consuls has been noted by the more inteU
ligent Chinese and Japanese themselves. In his re
cent address before the University of Pennsylvania
Wu Ting Fang. Chinese Minister at Washington,
said: JJ l \ must acknowledge that your diplomatic and
consular officers in China have thus far acquitted
themselves well, considering the -disadvantageous
position in which they are placed. Most of the
European Governments send young men to the East
to learn the language and study, the customs of the
country. After, a residence of two or. three years,
when they prove themselves proficient, after pass
ing a strict examination, they are placed in responsible
positions as student interpreters, consular assistants,
etc. Merit' is rewarded- by promotion. Thus those
Governments have competent men specially fitted for
service in the Orient.* It may not be unwise for your
Government to adopt a: similar system.'.' - -
, .We arc now building' up in the United States com-
The corporations and their tools who have been
fighting the Nicaragua canal bill all along are now
pretending to be very much opposed to the Hay
Pauncefote treaty. Any old thing that serves as a
brick to shy at the canal project suits them, and comes
hand}'. •
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrm/*
Has be«n used for tifty years by mlUlona of
mothers for their children wnlle Teethinr -r.tix
perfect success. It soothes th» child, softeVa
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, rtsu-
latea the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists In et-ry
part of the world. B« sure and ask for Krs.
Wlnslow's Soothlns Syrup. 23c a bottl*. •
Sp«clal Information supplied dally to)
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (AUen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. »j
SPRINKLING OF
STREETS TO BE
AGAIN ARGUED
Merchants' Association About
to Consider Matter
Once More.
Supervisors May Be Asked to. Repeal
the Ordinance That Provides
for Keeping the Pave
ments Dry.
At tho next meeting of the board of
directors of the Merchants' Association a
petition to the board to exercise its influ
ence with the Supervisors to have the or
dinance repealed that was passed about a
year ago forbidding the sprinkling of the
bituminlzed streets in the city will be
taken up for consideration. The matter
has been brought to " the notice .of tho
Merchants' Association by several retail
merchants doing business -on Kearny
street. The ordinance was passed by tho
efforts of the Sflciety for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals, their reason being
that water caused the horses to slip.
¦ President Dohrmann of the Merchants'
Association said yesterday afternoon that
the retail merchants on Kearny street harl
quite generally asked for the influence of
the association to have the ordinance re
pealed, but that up to that time he had
not heard that any Market street mer
chants had moved in the matter. lie hod
no idea what action the directors of the
association were likely to take. The argu
ments, as- he summed them up pro arrl
con, were in substance that on one side
were the dangers to horses when the pavo
ments were sprinkled and also the sup
posed damage to pavements due to the use
of water, which was said to rot them. On
the other side the arguments were that
the dust in the absence of the sprinkling
of the pavements in the business sections
of the city damaged storks of goods of
all sorts; also that the dust was a sonrc*
of discomfort to residents and visitors ta
the city, and also might tend to proDa
gate disease. ".There were merchants who
wished to have .the existing conditions
changed, -because the city, had seemingly
taken a backward step in. the matter of
cleanliness in the most traveled and most
used thoroughfares. He had no personal
opinion to express, for he did not wish to
prejudge .. the case. Doubtless the . whole
subject would be discussed at the meeting
of the directors, for it had been placed
upon the regular programme for consider
ation.
The Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals will probably oppose the
repeal of the ordinance, or at least that
was the view of the matter taken by Sec
retary Holbrook last evening. He said
that he would like to be heard by the
Merchants' Association directors and
would probably request the privilege of a
hearing.
"CAN'T RECOGNIZE A POPULIST TILL I GET THE DEMOCRATIC NOMINATION." '
—Philadelphia Evening Telegram. I.
their automobile to the Pacific Coast, and
that they Rave up the attempt ana re
turned to New York.
CHLOROFORM— -W. J.. Oakland. Cal.<
"How can a youth of 17 obtain chloro
form?" asks this correspondent. If he.
Intends to obtain It honestly, the easiest
way 13 to go to a drugstore and purchase;
It, but he will be closely questioned before 1
he can obtain It.
A SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRICK.
SOMETHING more than ordinary submissive
ness or stupidity would have been required on
the part of the employes of the Southern Pacific
Railroad to induce them to accept the new scheme of
"relief" without at least as much of a protest as men
dependent upon the corporation for work and wages
can afford to make. The scheme is an ingenious
combination of tricks to defraud the employes and
benefit the corporation. - ? x ,-*j" :
The most salient feature of the plan is the evident
design to break down ¦ the various "brotherhoods"
which the employes have organized for mutual pro
tection and benefit. An important part of the work
of the brotherhoods is to provide relief for members
in case of sickness or accident. The funds for such
purposes are raised by an assessment upon the mem
bership, and it is, clear that if the members be now
forced to "voluntarily" join the corporation . relief
scheme and pay contributions to that fund, the
brotherhoods will be heavily handicapped and may
be even forced out of existence.
That, however, is but one of the tricks of the
scheme. Another hardly less important is to be found
in the clause by which all who sign the application fo/.
membership in the corporation relief plan release the
company from all claims for damages by reason of
injury or death. As the law stands the corporation
would have to pay such damages out of its own
funds, but b>' the operation of the new relief system
the payments to the injured man or to the family of
one who is killed are taken out of the funds contributed
by the employes. Thus the employes are to be made
to pay for any accident to one of them, although due
to the negligence of the corporation itself.
Collis Huntington has frequently boasted that no
one would ever track him through .the world by the
quarters he had dropped. It might be easy to iden
tify him, however, by the number of quarters found on
him that belong to other people. This latest scheme
of taxing out of the pockets of wage-earners the pay
ments which should be made by the corporation it
self is one of the meanest pieces of thrift of which
even Collis has ever been proud.
Mr. Hess, the gentleman whom Huntington sent
out from the East to organize the relief scheme "vol
untarily," has given a frank statement of the advan
tages which the widow and the fatherless will derive
from the scheme. He said if an employe of the rail
road should be killed and the widow sue for damages
and the court award them the corporation would not
pay. It would appeal from one court to another
court and prolong the litigation until lawyers' fees had
eaten up all that was due the widow. It is a plain
boast that the railroad can use the courts at its pleas
ure to voluntarily defeat justice, and from the boast
the argument is drawn that the employes would better
come into the scheme and consent to pay the dam
ages, for the railroad will not.
There was but one thing needed to cap the climax
of corporation tyranny and fraud, and it was promptly
forthcoming — Mr. Hess called the scheme "philan
thropy." . , - ¦
WEDNESDAY...... MARCH 7, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. • %
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
I'UIUtATIO.V OFFICE.. Market find Third. S. F.
l>Ir»k«n» Blalm 1808.
CDITOKIAL R00M5.... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Malm 18T4.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "The Old Homeeteajl."
California — 'T>ark«it Russia."
California — Oj«>rati<; Concert to-morrow afternoon.
Tlvoll— "The Idol'e Ere."
Orpfceum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "The Olrl From Parla."
Alcazar— "Never Attain."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
e\"enln£.
Olympia, corner of Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Sherman -day Hall— Piano Recital this afternoon.
M«K-hanles > Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
Oakland Itace Track— Races.
AUCTION RAT.BS.
By NVw York Auction Co.— This day. at U o'clock. Gkyrern-
nent Bupj'll**. at CIS Washington street.
By Sullivan & Poyle— This day at 11 a. m.. at 327 Sixth
tr*«-t. Hordes.
Hjr Tho*. Madifran— Thursday, at 11 o'clock, at 1625 Market
treei Hurses and Mules.
?»???+????+«
There Are
so many persons who are
not able to do all they would
like. They have no reserve
force; the least extra exer-
tion brings on extreme pros-
tration. They keep thin and
pale, nerveless and delicate;
they are on the very verge
of serious illness.
scon's Emulsion
means new life to such peo-
ple. The appetite improves,
the digestion is strengthened,
the nerves quiet down and the
weight gradually increases.
It U both food and medicine
to the exhausted body, jMi\g that
vigorous strength and "vitality so
necessary to the easy accomplish-
ment of difficult tasks and fortifying
the system against the . germs of
At all drugghts; px. «nd ft.oo.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chc^Uts. NwTmL
• •> A • + jji <N»L>JfL»-*
6CHUTES ANDZOO. E JSV.^r"
Gordon Sisters, Major Mite, Joe Crotty, Lulalne
and . Darrell, Del Zartos, . Bennett . Sibters
. Black Bartons, Moving Pictures of the Afri-
can War. •. • ,
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY;
Cakewalk Contest Saturday Night !
Beats ' by Phone— Park 23.
JU sT ATTENDED
1978 LAST
PtOPLE NIGHT!
THE BIGGEST SENSATION IN YEARS.
Darkest Russia
Interpreted by a Peerless Company and Staged
With Moet Elaborate Detail.
A Heart Story Deftly Woven With Clean,
Brlcht, Wholesome Comedy.
March 15. Magnificent Spectacular Production of
"THE BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND.'
800— CHILDREN ON THE STAGE— 2OO.
CALIFORNIA^THEATER.
THE MUSICAL EVENT OF THE SEASON.
THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS
ON THE ----'¦
WAGNER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
Under the direction of C. L. Gralt.
To-Morrow (Thursday) Afternoon at 2:15
"THE hLYIiMG DUTCHMAN."
MME. GADSKI Senta
MR. DAVID 815PHAM..........The Dutchman
MR. WALTER OAMROSCH.. MusicaI Director
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. MARCH Sth,
' Double Bill,
"LOHENGRIN"— "DIB MEISTERSINGER."
REPERTOIRE NEXT AND LAST WEEK.
EVENINGS AT- 8:16.
Monday. March 12th..."DAS RHEINGOLD"
- and "DIE WALKURE."
Tuesday. March 13, Double 8i11..'
•¦SIEGFRIED." "GOTTEUDAMMERUNG"
Wednesday, March Hth.^Gala Performance,
Miscellaneous Programme to Be An-
nounced.
Reserved Seats.... 7sc. SI. $1 60. J2, $2 60 and %3
General . Admission, }l. •
NOW ON SALE AT THE BOX OFFICE.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO/SHALL.
SECOND EXPLANATORY RECITAL AT THE
PIANO BY MR. WALTER DAMROSCH.
....On the.... . .
WAGNER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
THIS AZTEBNO3N at 3:30 "DIE WALKURE."
Saturday, March 10. "SIEGFRIED"; Monday,
March 12. "OOTTERDAMMERUKC"; Wednes-
day. March 14, "PARSIFAL" : Saturday. March
17 "TRISTAN AND ISOLDE." General ad-
mission, $l; reserved seats, $1 CO. - On sale at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. ....
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN K2.
EVERY EVENING. SATURDAY AND BUN-
DAY MATINEES.
A. 01/>RIOUS ENTERTAINMENT. THE
TOPIC OF THE HOUR 18 THE
IMMENSE HIT
Of Rice's Famous MuMeal Eccentricity.
THE GIRL
FROM PARIS
USUAL PRICES.
Good reserved seat in orchestra Saturday aad
Sunday matinees, 2Sc.
Branch Ticket Office. dsDorinm.
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY, March 7.
Parquet. 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
The Greatest Bill in a Year!
THE SMEDLEY SKETCH CLUBI
Imperial Troupe of Moorish Acrobats.
Ten in Number. ~*'*!&i
ANNA WHITNEY; NEWHOUBE & WARD;
THE FRANKS TRIO; PAULINE MORAN;
TROVOLLO; THE DANCING PASSPARTS.
THCE
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH!
DO NOT MIS 9 THE
NEW BOER WAR VIEWS
*TIV_OLI*
"HOOT MON, THEY CANNA RESIST ME!"
60th PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT
Of the Superb Comic Opera,
The Idol's Eye.
EVENINGS at 8. MATINEE SATURDAY at i.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
TELEPHONE— Bush 9.
Cut Her Wrist From Spite.
Mrs. Maggie Leslie, 33 Fifth street, was
taken to the Receiving Hospital early
yesterday morning suffering from a deep
incised wound In her left wrist. She sxM
her husband, who was 111 and cranky,
made her get out.of bed, and she was so
angry that she seised a razor and drew it
across her wrist. Dr. Dorr stitched and
dressed the wound and she was sent
home. ¦:":: -•;• ; v
"Keith's" flne6t of street hats at Keith's
opening next Friday and Saturday. .;•*•-
AXUSE2EBNTS.
IBIIIIIBIIIIIIIIHIBB
D
1 Free Tickets
12 TO THE
) Orpheum!
|| BUT YOUR
[ Lenox and
1 Ivory Soap
o SAVE TOUR WRAPPERS AND GET
•j FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM.
¦ The Johnson-Locke
5 Mercantile Co.,
¦ 204 FRONT STREET,
J SAN FRANCISCO
D Will Exchange for L?nox and Ivory
¦ Soap Wrappers
H FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM
5 INDER THE FOLLOWING CONDI-
¦ .¦ . •• ¦ TIO.VS:
¦ If You Want a 25c Reiierved Seat
¦ Send 23 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP
m Or « Wrapper* of IVORY SOAP
S Or «Ise send 15 Wrappers of LENOX
¦ SOAP and 6 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP
Q If You Want a 50c Reserved Seat
B 5end. ....50 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP
5 Or 24 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP
B Or else send 25 Wrappers of LENOX
¦ SOAP and 11 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP
HIEIBHIBBBBIHIIBW.I
Ladies' vesting top shoes worth $3 50 for
$1 50 a pair at the sale of shoes, 717 Mar-
ket street. ~ ,V
"v^TTTHE LITERATURE OF PERSIA.
BY PROF. PAUL ELMER MORE.
In studying Persian literature It Is nec
essary first of all . to have some under
standing of the important historical
•changes through whicif the people of Iran
passed. Three strongly marked periods
may be observed: I. the ancient; 11. the
middle, and 111, the new. In the first
period we have records In two distinct
though closely related languages — the
Avestan, which will be the particular sub
ject of this paper, and the old Persian
contained In cuneiform Inscriptions on
stone extending from a few years after
the conquest of Babylon by Cyrus In 53!)
B. C. to the conquest of Alexander. From
the age of Alexander, when Greek influ
ence became predominant In Asia Minor,
until the Sassanian dynasty came to the
throne, in the third century, after Christ,
there is a complete blank in Persian rec
ords. With the Sassanian Kings the old
Magian priests regained their influence,
and the Zoroastrian religion became all
powerful In the state. The sacred books
in the ancient Avestan language became
the Bible of the land. But In the mean
while the language of the country had
suffered great changes, and the religious
commentaries, corresponding to the Pa
tristic literature of tne Christians, were
now composed in the Pahlavi, a tongue
which is related to old Persian much as
Italian is related to Latin. This body of
Pahlavi commentaries forms the middle
period. But Persian was doomed to un
dergo another and more far-reaching rev
olution. In the seventh century the coun
try was subdued by the Arabs, and hence
forth Mohammedanism became the re
ligion of the land. A number of the Per
sians escaped as colonists and settled In
India, where their descendants, the Par
sees, still live and maintain the ancient
Zoroastrian faith. Among them are pre
served the sacred Avesta and the later
Pahlavi books, although their spoken lan
guage has altered considerably since the
days of the Sassanids.
Meanwhile with the Arab conquest
Persia itself entered upon a new era. The
language developed into modern Persian
and was modified by a large Infusion of
Arabic words. The modern Persian lit
erature may be said to have begun about
the year 1000 A. D., with the Shah Xameh,
the great epic of Flrdusl. Intrinsically
and considered as pure literature modern
Persian, including such names as Firdusl,
Saadi, Omar Khayyam, Hatlz and others,
ranks easily first among Oriental litera
tures. The Persian inscriptions and the
Pahlavi books we must, for lack of space,
pass over unnoticed. To-day let us turn
for a moment to the Avesta, which con
tains the ancient religion of Zoroaster.
Of the two kindred people united under
Cyrus into one great empire the Medes
are the oldest In civilization, and it was
arr.ong them that the strange and little
understood religion of the Maglans de
veloped. The Magians themselves were
apparently a tribe of priestly inheritance,
very much like the Levltes among the
Jews. They were the learned men of the
East, familiar to us from the Bible, and if
for a time, under the sway of Persian and
Greek rulers, their authority was some
what diminished, they at last came to
their own under the Sassanian dynasty.
It is not easy to determine what was the
original form of the Magian religion, be
cause in the form in which It has come
down to us it was profoundly modified by
the influence of one dominant reformer.
In general, however. It must have been
largely akin to the polytheistic faith of
the Hindu Vedas, for. In fact, the Hindu
and Iranian religions were sisters derived
from a common mother.
But In the seventh century B. C. there
arose in Media a man of profound re
ligious instinct, a great prophet, who
wrought a revolution in the popular faltb.
From that day to -this the religion of the
Magians is called Zoroastrlanism, r.fter
his name. A few years ago it waa com
mon to speak of Zoroaster aa a mere
myth; Just as Buddha and Christ were
myths to a certain school of skeptlc3. But
reflection and investigation have modified
this view, and to-day Zoroaster is recog
nized as a distinct historic personality.
We even know something of his lif*. \V y e
know how, like other reformers, he be
came dissatisfied with the grossness of the
national faith and for years lived apart in
search of the truth. We know that he be
gan his mission of preaching at the age of
30, and we know the name of the Prince
(Vishtaspa) who finally accepted his doc
trine and became for Iran what Constan
tine was for Christendom. We even know
that the prophet was thrice married
(strange as this may seem) and that he
left children.
The doctrine of Zoroaster Is contained In
the so-called Avesta, the only relic of the
Avestan language, which, as we have
seen, was closely akin to ancient Per3!an.
The Avesta is a collection of rel'glous
laws, myths, litanies and hymns, now eas
ily accessible in translation, and notwith
standing an occasional note of true spirit
uality must be regarded on the whole'as
one of the dreariest and least interesting
ii ".he world's Bibles. It requires an ex
traordinary- effort of Impgina'ion to under
stand how so much childish folly and rw
true religious spirit could be conr>blned.
Essentially the faith of Zoroaster Is a pro
nounced dualism. On the one side stood
Ormazd and the angels of light; on the
other side are ranged Ahriman and the
princes of darkness. Into this ceaseless
struggle man is thrown and must bear his
part in the conflict. His duty is to pre
serve his purity intact; uncleanness Is the
great sin. So It was that death was looked
upon as uncleanness, and the most char
acteristic rite was then, and is still among
the Pariseps, the custom of exposing dead
bodies to be devoured by the fowls of th 3
air, so that neither earth nor water nor
fire should be made Impure by decay. To
us the most Interesting fact In connection
with Zoroastrianlsm Is Its Infiltration lnt»
Christianity through Manichaeism and it 3
IMPERIOUS IN
DISGRACE WITH
TURF FOLLOWERS
The Burns Handicap Winner
Ran Unplaced in a Race
at Oakland.
>
Sea Bass, Favorite for the Two-Year-
Old Scramble, Injured at the
Post — Potente a Mud
Runner.
Imperious, the fortunate winner of the
great Burns handicap, started in a seven
furlong free handicap at Oakland yester
day, finishing outside of the money, being
beaten by Potente, Pompino and Good
Hope. He closed equal favorite In the
betting with Potente and never looked
dangerous. The latter horse picked up 122
pounds, winning in a gallop by three
lengths from Pompino, in 1:28, a remark
ably tine performance, and It is to be re
gretted the Racine gelding did not start in
last Saturday's big race.
Although the track was very muddy and
rain fell at intervals,- four favorites
splashed in ahead of their fields.
A said fate befell Sea Bass, favorite for
the. two-year-old scramble. The half
sister to Recreation was bumped into and
injured in the shoulder during a false
breakaway, the accident compelling her
to be left at the post. The winner turned
up in Mamie Hildreth, a 15 to 1 shot,
which downed Irate and Mrs. Brunell
very cleverly the last sixteenth.
The erratic San Tomas started in the
opening five and a half furlong scramble
In the name of Fred Edwards, opening a
2 to 1 favorite over the field. His price
went to 5, when It was swiped to 16 to 5,
Mountebank enjoying the honors of favor
tlsm. Buchanan got San Tomas away
well and the colt proved a wonder In the
mud, running like a ghost. He tried to
bolt in the stretch, just scaling the outside
fence, and then won easily from the fa
vorite. Morella, against which 25 to 1
to show was laid, ran third.
Barney Schreiber's fast mar© Miss Mar
ion made her reappearance In the sprint
which followed, over the Futurity course,
ruling a pronounced choice in the ring.
Leading almost from the start, she was
hard ridden at the end to beat the 20 to 1
outsider El Mido.
It did not look very rosy for the back
ers of Essence during the early stages of
the seven furlong run. The Burns & Wat
erhouse entry could not keep up, but stood
a lot of riding, and ridden out earned the
verdict from Tekla by a couple of lengths.
Matt Hogan, after chasing out in front
with Choteau, died away to nothing.
Eddie Ross landed the mile and a fur
long run with Malay. Dr. Rowell's horse
had not shown much form of late, but his
well-known liking for mud made him an
equal favorite with Tappan. Morse,
astride the 20 to 1 outsider Uarda, came
dangerously close to stealing a march on
the field. Getting away in the lead .it
took the hardest sort of riding on the
part of Ross to overtake and beat her a
neck on the wire. Castake ran third."
To-Day's Entries.
First race — Five furlongs; maiden three-year
olds; selling.
811 Lew Zara........ 102 BSO Tanobe 112
... Dreadnaught 11.117 718 Carolla 112
... Young M0re110..117 SlO St. Germain 104
... Garbo 117 671 Leipzig 104
566 Edgardo 104 ... Turle 114
811 Hiram Johnson. Us| 759 William F 104
Second race — One mile; four-year-olds and up;
celling.
... Byron Cr055.:. ..11l 711 Naplrs JO5
&52 Tallac 115 887 Almoner 117
760 Llzella 10y 614 Fiero 107
557 Muscalado 121 841 Durward 11l
BSI Padre Jose.. 11-i ... Howard M 114
Third race^Four furlongs; maiden two-year
olds; purse.
533 Sublime 105 870 Parsifal 10S
... Bernato ...105 ... El Karn.... 105
BS3 Forbes 10$ 870 Follow Me.. 10S
870 Imponente 105 738 Gaylon 8r0wn. .105
... Loyal S 106 85S Screenwell Lake. los
882 Loneliness 105 870 Spindle 10s
Fourth race— One mile and a sixteenth; four
year-olds and up; selling;. ; *
877 Topmast 109 874 Judge Wofford..los
*(857)Twinkler 102; 884 Morlnel 107
884 Captive 106 : 885 Cormorant 105
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; soiling.
873 Mike Rice. ......108 869 Dolore 106
795 Jim Rrownell... 9*l B*l Clarando 93
855 Novia IOSI 724 Chlspa 101
$85 Peace 103 818 Nora Ives I 93
834 Lavator 105 .: ¦¦
Sixth race — One mile; four-year-olds and up;
selling.
761 ' Sylvan Lass 87 850 Wild Het 101
569 Duke of York 11.103 843 Grand Sachem..lO3
862 Jael 101 842 Chas. Le 8e1. ...103
SSO Pongo 106 842 Senora Caesar .. 97
742 Wilmeter 106 825 Terrene 97
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Leipzig, Tanobe, Lew Zara.
Second race — Almoner, Flero, TaUac.
Third race— Solndle, Sublime, Parsifal.
Fourth race — Twlnkler. Topmast, Cormorant.
Fifth race— Lavator. Clarando, Jim Brownell.
Sixth race— Grand Sachem, Jael, Duke ofYork.
COLUMBIAN
r" y7"D A In order to accommodate the
« tLA I tiMm demand for seats an addi-
tional performance of ' The Old Homestead"
will be giren Sunday night.
Beoond and Last Week. Matinee Saturday.
DENMAN THOMPSON
Appearing; as Uncle Josh in
The Old Homestead.
FAREWELL— SUXPAY NIGHT— FARE WKL.L.
Beginning NEXT~MONDAY NIGHT
CHARLES FROHMAN
Presents
WILLIAM GILLETTE'S
GREATEST COMEDY TRJTMPH.
BECAUSL 5Ht LOVEP IIIII 2O
With J. E. r>OD!?OX and the
BIG ORIGINAL CAST.
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
FwU, J. i IIFIO ; Htw Ttrk, I. TODSIBI * CO.
¦OLD SZ Alii DRUOOUT*
Fred Bell Cuts Capers.
Fred Bell, son of the late Thomas Bell,
millionaire, -went Into; a Chinese store at
630 Jackson street Monday "night and an
nouncing, that he was a deputy license
collector and had called to examine \th«
books of the firm, he demanded that they
be ' turned : over to ¦ him.'. His request was
refused, and he began to- throw things
around and make himself generally disa
greeable until the 'police .arrived and
placed ¦ him under arrest on a charge lof
disturbing the peace.; He spent, the night
in the City Prison and yesterday morning
appeared • before Judge Cabaniss. He ex
pressed his regret for. his conduct, and as
he had ".been.Jn- prison all: night the Judge
dismissed the case after giving. him a se
vere lecture. 5 It Is ' not long since that ne
was arrested on' Flllmore ¦ street " while
dancing the can-can - with two . colored
jWomen-^H • ¦ ' •'.;:¦-,
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
February 26 to March 10, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. : Rain or shine
Five or more races each day. ' .
Races start at 2:15 p.m. sharp.;
¦ Ferry-boaU leave San Francisco at l» m. and
12:80,1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with train* stopping at th« entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dles and their escorts;, no smoking. Buy your
Terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with Ban Pablo . avenue
electric cars at Seventh and ¦ Broadway, Oak-
land Also all trains via Alameda - mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. * These electric cars
go dtrect to the track in fifteen minutes. -
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after th* last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary. . .. : ..
AMUSEMENTS.
• Self respect is ' on good terms with the
Old Government 'Whisky. - •
Coroner's Inquests.
CoToner Cole held several Inquests yes
terday and verdicts were rendered as fol-
Adrian Vlllaneuva, electrician, 301 Mont
gomery avenue, March 5, asphyxiation by
Illuminating gas: suicide.
C. A. Wyant. painter. 192 SJeventh street,
March 3, fracture of skull: accidental.
Minnie Ellis. 512 Bush, March 4. pneu
monia.
RATE FOR LIGHTS
WILL BE MODIFIED
Supervisors' Committee and Mayor
Phelan Decide on a Maximum
Flat Bate With No :
Discount.
The Supervisors' Artificial Lights Com
mittee met yesterday In conference with
Mayor Phelan and the representatives of
several light companies for the purpose of
considering certain modifications in the
electric light rates adopted as a result of
the recent investigation. It was decided
to fix a maximum flat rate for electric arc
lights, instead of the high rate subject to
discount as heretofore adopted, and to
permit the discount to apply only to In
candescent lights. No definite conclusion
was arrived at, though the commute*
rather favored an Increase from $1 75 to
$1 95 on electric lamps" lit until midnight.
President Crockett of the San Francisco
Company made a plea that the rate of 11
cents for Incandescent lights In the out
side districts be raised to 15 cents, which,
he claimed, was the maximum rate In
other large cities. Manager E. J. Martin
of the Harbor and Western Power Com
pany said that the $175 rate for electric
lamps until 12 o'clock In the downtown
districts was a competitive one; that in
Oakland, where there was no competition,
the rate Is $2 To,' and in Stockton 52 50. He
argued that the 12 o'clock light cost more
than $1 75, and that the rate should be si
fixed as to comprehend every system ex
cept the direct Edison system. The mat
ter of .depreciation, he said,, had not been
taken into account; nor the loss In th« dis
tribution of current. in the outlying dU
trlcts. '
A. M. Hunt of the Independent Light
and Power Company stated that if the
San Francisco Company had proper trans
formers it would not sustain bo great *
loss in distribution, and that If the 11-cent
rate was adopted it would force the com
pany to secure. a better system to reduce
the waste. to a minimum.
W." G. Summerhayes of the Mutual *7om "
pany s said , that his « company charged , In
some cases' sl 50 for 12 o'clock lights, and
made money at that rate. -¦ — ¦ .
: The committee will meet again for the
purpose of arranging a proper modification
of the rates, which will be resubmitted at
next Monday's meeting of the board la
the form of an amendment.
For Bacing Chart see Page Eleven.
ATE AND ATE AND
YARNED AND YARNED
Fly-Casters Swap Many New Tales
Over the Banquet Board During
Their Bimonthly Dinner.
About fifty members of the San Fran
cisco Fly Casting Club met at dinner last
night In a downtown rotlsserte and told
fish stories and discussed an elaborate
repast. It was the bimonthly banquet of
the well-known organization and the
downpour and other attractions did not
keep the members from attending.
An excellent orchestra furnished popu
lar music during the evening and the men
who search the streams for festive- trout
and other, speckled beauties raised their
voices in song. | Between courses the Jolly
devotees of Izaak Walton swapped fish
stories, and although Home of the tales
told would have made Munchausen look
like a selling-plater the narrator's verac
ity was never questioned as his neighbor
at the table had one to tell, that was
equally strong. Attorney Alexander T.
Vogelsang tried to make C. H. Young ba
lieve that he had enjoyed great fishing in
the Dead Sea; "Doc" Watt impressed on
his auditors that in years past he won
many trophies in drop-line tournaments;
President W. D. Mansfield said he thought
he could cast a fly over the Spreckels
building If ¦ the wind favored htm, and
other members were prepared with simi
lar assertions. The vßostonian Quartet,
composed of Messrs. Kelly, Wendell,
Kllnk.'Fraser and Manager Lambert, was
heard in tuneful selections. Seated at the
banquet board were:
E. T. Allen, W. F. Bogart, H. Battu.
Dr. Yon Hoffmann. John Butler. W. A.
Cooper, A. R. Crowell, J. H. De Witt.
G. C. Edwards, A. B. Finch, P. w.
Watson, Clark Wise, F. M. Halght, R.
Isenbruck, Charles Klein; A. E. Lovett,
H. F. Muller.W.D. Mansfield,; A. Muller.
¦W.. A. L. Miller, John Peltier, Charles
Miller, F. H. Read, F. E. Daverkosen, H.
E. Skinner, Louis Levy. C. F. Stone, 'A.
T. Vogelsang, James Watt. Boswell Ken
nlft, ¦ H. C. Wyman. George Walker. ' C.
G. Young and Michael J. Geary.
fll:S*SfSf|
Wednesday, March 7, 1900, j
J. O'BRIEN & CO. |
- Will commence the Most Extraordinary Sale v
; of LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS }
ever held in this city. ?
ioo LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in <>
black and colored, new styles, former 07 Rd^
price $\ s— marked down. to. OIiJU •
7? LADIES* TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in f
black and colored, new styles, former flJfl flft V
price $20— marked down t0.. ........ OIUiUU **
75 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in , 4
black and colored, new styles, former C|R flfl , m
price $30 — marked down to OlwiUU
J. O'BRIEN & CO. i
1146 Market Street, <>
Bet. Mason and Taylor. «
v ' •¦¦ •" * ,¦ ¦ .-' .\ ¦ ' 1
LARCEST CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE IN $
SAN FRANCISCO. •
Rev. B. Fay Mills to Lecture.
A meeting of representative citizens was
held yesterday afternoon in the offices of
Dr. S. F. Long, 135 Geary street, for the
purpose of forming an association which
will be known as the Sunday Lecture As
sociation. The object of the association
is to secure the continuous services of
Dr B. Fay Mills for a course of lectures
to be delivered In Metropolitan Temple
every Sunday afternoon. The lectures,
while of a religious nature, will be strictly
non-sectarian in character. The first
lecture. It Is expected, will be delivered
next Sunday afternoon. The following of
ficers have been elected to preside over
the affairs of the society: President,
Judge James G. Maguire: first vice presi
dent James T. Rodgers; second vice pres
ident, Mrs. M. F. Gray; secretary, Rev.
George B. Allen.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
REV. MR. LANE SUED
FOR ABSOLUTE DIVORCE
His Wife Says He Abandoned Her in
Oregon — Decrees Granted and
Suits Filed.
Rev. C. M. Lane, at one time pastor of
an Episcopal church In the Mission, ha 3
been sued for divorce by his wife,' Lulu
Lane, for desertion and failure to pro
vide. Mrs. Lane, who resides at 213 Valen
cia street, alleges that her husband de
serted her at Albany. Or., January 11. 1599.
Mrs. Lane states that she married her
husband at Sacramento on January 30,
1895; that he mistreated her from that
date and finally abandoned her.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Carrie H. "Whlttier from James E. Whit
tier on the ground of habitual Intemper
ance and Albert J. Geromai from Annie
N. Geromai on the ground of desertion.
Catherine Conroy has sued Daniel A.
Conroy for a divorce, alleging desertion
as cause of action.
AUCTION SALE
OF THE
Gump Collection
Of EUROF»E/\IS
PAINTINGS
Will Continue Every Evening During This Week at 8 O'clock
rtND
Wednesday, Thursday and Friday Afternoons at 2 O'clock,
NATIVE SONS' HALL - - - - 414 MASON STREET
Influence in this way on so many of th«
European heresies or the middle ages.
.The great and merited fame of Fitzger
ald s Rubaiyat has made one of the Per
sian poets a true English classic, and
though this version of Omar is so free as
to be a paraphrase rather than a transla
tion, yet the voluptuous and semt-myttl
cal beauty of Fitzgerald's lines la not a
bad representation of the Persian lyrics.
It would be interesting to study at larga
the other famous lyric poets — H&flz. At
tar, Saadi and the rest— but to-day we
must concentrate our attention rather
upon the great epic writer whose work
precedes and outshines them all.
We have seen how Persian literature Is
divided Into three distinct periods, and
how the third or modern period begins
about the year 1000 A. D. with the work
of Firdusl. L*t us look for a moment at
the life of this famous author. Flrdust
was born In a small village near Tus. In
the year WO of our era. Already a poet
of the name of Dekiki had undertaken
to weave the old Persian traditions into
a continuous narrative, but had left hi 3
work unfinished. .Inspired by this exam
ple, the young Flrdusi set himself to re
cover the ancient legends of his land.
Much he found written In books, much
he took down from the oral traditions
among the people, for the people of Iran
had not forgotten the glorious deeds of
their ancestors, and, indeed, to this day
these traditions are handed down by
memory from father to son. This great
body of legends the poet wrought into a
long narrative of some 80,000 couplets.
Having got this vast work well under
way, he set out for the court. There is
a curious story of an adventure on the
road. In a garden near the capital he
happened to come upon three court poeta
drinking wine and amusing themselves
with extemporizing verse. Thinking to
have sport with the stranger, they asked
him to cap a stanza for them. Choosing
a most difficult rhyme, they each pro
nounced a line, whereupon, to their
amazement, the newcomer added a fourth,
which contained a historical allusion quite
unknown to them. As a reward, they in
troduced him to the court, where Flrdusl
soon won the favor of Shah Mahmud.
Never had such verse as his been heard,
and all at first were glad to do him honor.
In the end, however. Jealousy and malice
found him. He was accused of slighting
the Mohammedan faith for the ancient
religion of his fathers; he was cheated
of his promised payment, and. In disgust,
having added a few lines of bitter satire
against the shah at tbe end of his com
pleted poem, he fled from the court and
hid himself in his native town. Here he
died a poor man, but tradition declares
that the shah repented at last and that
the messenger bearing his bounty entered
the gate of the town at the very mo
ment when the poet's body was being car
ried out to his last resting place.
The epic of Flrdusi. "The Shah Na
meh, or Book of Kings." Is well described
by its name. It Is a continuous narrative
of Persian history from Gayumers, the
fabulous first man and king of the race,
down to the invasion of the Arabs In the
seventh century. A great number of epi
sodes are woven Into the thread, and In
deed the poem Is bewildering by Its very
richness of material. In plan It is thus
quite different from the epics of Greece
and India and Germany, each of which
is made to center about one historic event.
Yet If the "Shah Nameh" lacks the unity
of the "Iliad" or the "Ramayana," It haa
another kind of unity of Its own.
We have seen that the old religion of
Iran was strongly duallstlc. and this dual-
Ism Is the central and harmonizing motive
of Flrdusl's poem. Here again we see the
everlasting conflict of light and darkness,
of truth and falsehood, waging on the
earth. History and mythology have been
inextricably confused. The old mythi
cal powers of light are now the Persian
people themselves, while the princes of
darkness are the aborigines and Tura
nians with whom Iran was continually at
war. This religious background lends a
certain moral earnestness to the poem,
and is one of Its most pleasing features.
Flrdusi has changed the fatth of his fath
ers Into history and woven it Into the very
texture of his plot: the doctrine of Mo
hammed, of which he was nominally a
follower, he has for the most part avoid
ed, saving himself by giving a certain
deistlc tone to the work. At bottom fate Is
the power that Flrdusl really worships —
fate that mocks human affairs and raises
up the mighty only in the end to toss them,
into the dust. At the close of each epoch
of events he Is wont to add some such sad
moral as thiss "Look ye! "Who could at
tain a glory like to this man'a? He hath
shown to men how riches are won, but h*
hath not enjoyed riches. • The world Is
but a passing dream: neither happiness
nor sorrow endures." And again: "O
world, cease to raise us up only to gather
us as a harvest at th© end! If thou wish
est that we vanish away, why, then, raise
us up? Thou exaltest a man above the
firmament, and straightway hnrlest him
under the obscure earth."
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Spring Term, 1900.
Mondays — American Political Par
ties.
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons in
French Conversation and Recent Sci
entific Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursdays —
Golden Ages of Literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for Girls.
These courses will continue until
June 7, 1900. Examinations will be
held at their close as a basis for the
granting of certificates.
GOLDEN AGES OF LITERATURE.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
2JIIIS»«^*"2L M *y^^C?^^ M^^^J[^^^ M^^^^^s^?^=ssM' m> mmmmr—mmmmmmmmm
i i l^ m^ om^^ SSS mm mSSm^ ~ "^¦3' jk j£"jmmmS!mmSmm
TRIO OF ACCIDENTS
CAUSED BY WAGONS
A Woman and a Man Knocked Down
and Injured and a Teamster Has
His Skull Fractured.
Mrs. Charles Paulson, who lives at Point
Bonita lighthouse, Marin County, was
crossing Market street at Sixth yesterday
afternoon when she . was struck ani
knocked down by a delivery wagon be
longing to Jelllch & Roolick, provision
dealers, 213 Sixth street. She was picked
up and carried to a drugstore near by,
where It was found that she was badly
Injured. The driver will be arrested.
Harry Kenlo, 489 Bryant street, was
crossing Third and Harrison streets when
he was knocked down by an express
wagon driven by Lem Sing, a Chinese. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital to
have cuts and bruises on his body and
face attended to. Lem Sing was arrested
on a charge of battery. \
Arthur J. Walker, a teamster for Gray
Brothers, was lirlvlng a load of sand along
Market street, and at Eighth street he tell
from his seat to the ground. He wag
picked up in an unconscious condition and
taken to the Receiving Hospital. It is
supposed that his skull was fractured. He
Is an old pensioner.
MORE BAD LUCK
FOR HANCOCK'S
STEAM LAUNCH
Turned With the Tide and
Went on the Blades of
the Ship's Screw.
?
Italian Cruiser Calabria Has Been
Ordered to Japan — Insurance In
creased on Annie Thomas.
Changes of Captains.
The new launch built by the Union Iron
Works for the United States transport
Hancock is playing In hard luck. The
fates seem to be against the Email craft,
and it will be many a day, if ever, before
she again plies her calling on the bay of
San Francisco. Monday night she got foul
of the Hancock's screw, and the "loles
that were punched in her side by the
blades caused her to fill and sink.
A watchman was asleep in the launch,
and as soon as he discovered the mishap
he called for assistance. The launch waa
got around to the ship's davits and an at
tempt was made to get her aboard. The
weight was too much for the hoisting
gear, however, and as the launch broke
away she almost tore the davits out of
the ship.' The men on deck threw a rope
to the watchman and he managed to clanj
ber up the Hancock's side. In a few m'n
utes the launch went down stern first, *nd
although a half-dozen boats were out
grappling for her yesterday no trace of
her could be found.
"When the Hancock was being over
hauled and made into a model transput
the new launch was added to her outfit.
Like the Honcock. she was, the finest
thing of her kind afloat, and all the other
transports envied Captain Struve his fine
launch. A few days ago while lying at the
Folaom street float one of the tubes in
the launch's boiler blew out and several
men were scalded. The necessary repairs
were made and the launch was again in
service, but only for a couple of days, and
then came this laat mishap. After th-s
day's work was done the launch was made
fast to the transport and allowed to drift
astern. When the tide turned and the
ship began to swing the boat came around
under the transport's stern and in a very
short space of time she stove holes in her
self on the propeller blades and went
down.
The destination of the Italian man-of
war Calabria has been changed. Ins tend
of coming to San Francisco she is going
to Japan and from there to China. The
Italian Consul received a telegraphic order
yesterday to forward all mail for the
cruiser to Yokohama. Expected trouble
In the Orient over the Chinese question
has called the Calabria to Japan, so tho
Italian colony will not get Its expected
treat.
The British ship Annie Thomas is now
out 221 days from Cardiff for Acapulco.
and yesterday 70 per c*»nt was offered to
reinsure the vessel and cargo. The only
thing against the risk is the fact that the
ship has a coal cargo. If she has not been
afire then there is no reason why tlii
Thomas should rot show up all right. Ehe
is a notoriously slow ship, and again
everything is against her making time in
the Gulf of Panama. The schooner Sophie
Sutherland, owned here, is now out seventy
days from El Triumfo for this port, but
no anxiety is felt over her non-arrival;
fo shipping men reason that the 70 per
cent on the Annie Thomas is a good gam
ble.
Captain A. I. Lowell, who resigned from
the lighthouse service some months ago,
will take command of Timothy Hopkins'
yacht El Primero. Captain Morehor.se
has taken command of the bark Diamond
Head, vice Captain Ward, who will go
East to bring out one of the new vessels
of the Wllliams-Dlmond fleet. Captain
Davis, formerly of the ship Tacoma, has
gone to Puget Sound to take command of
the May Flint, and Captain Hanson had
taken command of the steamer Noyo.
The British ship Blythswood, which put
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Into Valparaiso in distress while on her
way from Oregon to Cape Town, was more
seriously damaged than was at ¦ first
thought. A dispatch to the Merchants'
Exchange says her bulwarks were par
tially carried away, her lifeboats dam
aged, her sails split and her cargo shifted.
She will repair and proceed.
' The steamer Orizaba reports that Blunts
Reef whistling buoy has disappeared.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
B MO// v vV v!»WKrVf^HlLßr*^Htl!ißibiirM
h\Mii\hwmm
Teeth filled:: QQ uf%
with pare gold fpl= [\\j
We carefully treat your
teeth and fill or crown
them
WITHOUT
PAIN!
DR. HIGGINS,
927 Market Sheet,
EMMA SPHECHELS BUILD! HO.
A . *>
OPEN natss tuat it... u.oo up
EVENINGS UMtims....Ss.ooup
¦_ _ j BifflKwart . . ..S3. so up
— ana — simrniiinzs.. soc
SUNDAYS. -¦ 1
Painlssj Extraction a Specialty
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TOU CAN'T RESIPT LAUGHING.
THE SAUCT. FUNNY FARCE.
Never Again
EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK.
15c, 25c R l!^f D 35c, 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAY.
Next Week- -"-DIPLOMACY.
OLYMFIA c"o°i.%»6.
THE ONL.T FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
The World-Famous
OUHAMA
• p-r^t appearance on tbe Paclflo Coast.
TRIXEDA
Tka Essence of Beauty and Versatility.
MLLLTHELMA
In Po»es Plactlque of Great Magnificence.
BLANCHE LE"CLAIRE SLOAN.
Tod Eloan'i Clever Sifter.
AJ*D A HOST OF BIG ATTRACTIONS.
ADMISSION FREE. ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT - - EVERY FRIDAY.
MECHANICS* PAVILION.
THIS AFTERNOON AT J:3O.
THIS EVENING AT S O'CLOCK.
NORRIS & BOVE'S BIG TRAINED
ANIMAL SHOWS. .
BEB FRISCO, the Smallest Shetland in. the
World.
SET? THE ANIMAL FIRK DEPARTMENT.
SEE THE EXCITLVO RACES.
BRrNO THE CHILDREN THIS AFTERNOON.
A CI/EAN. MORAL EXHIBITION.
PRICES— ADCX.TS, SSc.
FRICES-CHtt.X>REN. XOo.
ii.
7Steamer Movements.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, March t.— Conditions were
mixed end the movement of prices was very
much confused on the Stock Exchange to-day.
Fentlment Is correspondingly conflicting among
the speculative contingent. The situation may
be beet described as one of waiting on the
part of the believers in higher prices. Those
having faith in a decline took advantage of
the hesitation of the bulls and the entire lack
of outside interest In the stock market to
make vigorous attacks at vulnerable spots in
the market. The results on the whole were
favorable to the bears. They were very dili
gent in tetklng out stocks which were unpro
tected by supporting orders and in offering
them down belcw the price level where selling
orders were known to be placed in the stocks
for the purpose of having 1<j»»«s on any sud
cen decline. Th» sudden fall In prices of stocks
thus selected and equally sudden and violent
rallies gave the key to the character of this
selling. Tlie flurry in the rat* for call money
.In the late afternoon to 4 per cent was a
farortna; factor for the bears, but the actual
effect was very small. The early tendency to
!adrance in the railroad list was checked by
the maneuvers cf the bears and tb* more
notable advances were about wiped out. The
railroad list yielded unwillingly and only to a
Flight degree In spite of the light demand and
a sprinkling of gains was retained at the
close. Very earnest efforts were made to
weaken Sngar, but the utmost that could be
achieved was a three-point decline, offerings
cf tb* stock being comparatively light. Third
Avenue was strong, rising an extreme C% and
Imparting tyrspathetla strength to the other
local traction stocks. The most notable ex
amplee of the bear tactics were furnished by
the. international paper stocks, the common
falling 4% and rallying :%. and the preferred
falling 7% and rallying 4; Pressed Steel Car.
which dropped «% and rallied 6: American
Hoop, which fell 2 and rallied 1%. and Standard
Kop« end Its bold issue, which were raided
down from 2% to S points, with rallies ex
tending from 1 to nearly 4 points, and People's
O*«. which fell 1% and rallied 2%. Practically
all the iron and eteel stocks were down from
1 to 2 points and many recovered a good por
tion of the loss and there were other less
striking examples all through the list of spec
ialties. In the railroad list St. Paul, Burling
tun ar.d Baltimore and Ohio showed an ex
treme decline of a point or over, but the net
changes In the railroads are small throughout.'
It 1a evident that the final disposition of the
financial bill by Congress is awaited by the
bull contingent, who are generally confident
that the provisions for additional bank circu
lation will be enacted into law and will re-
FUlt in a notable expansion of the currency.
The large buying of Government bonds by na
if nal banks all ov<>r the country and the ex
j^-rt estimates which ar* current of the profit
<;fi>r*<i on circulation by the new provisions
pre the grounds of this oonfldenc*. Meantime
the money market is working constantly closer
md the favorable factors In the outlook are
ignored In the fear that the available supply
of money will not bridge the interval until the
expected relief.
T!ie bond market .was dull and irregular
T"tal Kaire-% par value, $1,532,000.
United Htates old 4e and Es advanced % and
the Ca |( in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Ha,*,* Cl^
C.SSO Atch iron • 22v»
:i.270 Atchison prefd €5%
:,l«0 Baltimore & Ohio ; «1%
Canadian Pacific 9514
ZlCi Canada Southern <s%
:.:¦•• Cheeapeake ft Ohio 25%
329 Chicago Great Western 13%
7.220 Chicago Burlington ft Quincy ....... 123%
I.loft Chicago Ind A Louisville »>%
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 52
100 Chicago & E«»tern Illinois 94%
Chicago & Northwestern 117
I.6S>!> Chicago Kock Island & Pacific 106%
5«) C C C 4 Ft Louis 5i%
20» Colorado Southern 6%
1-j0 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43
.¦ Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16%
Delaware ft Hudson ........115
700 Delaware Lackawanna ft Western. .lBo
Denver ft Rio Grande IS%
— ... Denver & Rio Grande prefd. ........ 71%
....... Erie' ./.. 12! i
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 8S
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars ' 45% 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are sleady at rates
last quoted. There la no disengaged In tonnage
In port, against 34,770 tons on the same date
last year. The chartered wheat fleet In port
has a registered tonnage of 32,367, against 4466,
and the tonnage on the way to this port has a
register of 171, 400, against 149,000 tons last year.
WHEAT— The Pass of Kllllecrankle takes for
Cork 63,256 ctls, valued at $63,255: Celtic Mon
arch for Cork. 75,937 ctU, valued at $73,953;
Peleus. for Cork. 76,076 ctls. valued at $32,143;
Arlßtldes, for London. 3704 ctls. valued at $3700.
Chicago was rather higher, though dull, and
sellers were not pressing the market. There
was more cash Inquiry and the crowd was over
sold. : . .
The spot market wa« dull and not materially
° Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95c; milling. »7ttc©sl.
CALL BOARD SALES,
" Informal Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 04.
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 03%;
2000, $1 03%. May— 4ooo, 96% c.
Regular Morning Session— No sales. ;,
' Afternoon Session— May— 6ooo ctls, S6%c. De
cember-2000, $1 03%: 14,000. $103%.
BARLEY— The - market continues dull and
buyers are disinclined to pay the top figures
for anything. . ' ..«.
The Arlstldes takes for London 3405 ctls.
valued st $3404. ' ,- ; -«.
Feed, 75©77% c for No. 1 and 65®72%c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@87%c;
Chevalier, nominal. ' ' , . :'
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal' Session— l:ls o'clock— No sale*.
Second Session — No sales. '
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales. ; • - • •
- OATS— Black continue to advance slowly.
They meet with most favor, being the cheap
est description. The demand is very fair.
White, $1 10@l 30; Red, 95c® $1 17%; Gray,
$1 07%@l 15%; Black, >7%c@sl 06.
CORN— The market continues quiet, though
there Is rather more tone. Eastern White I Is
quoted at 95c@$i per ctl and- Eastern Yellow
at Slfil 02%; mixed, $I@l 05 per ctl.
RYE-Is dull and nominal - at »7Hc®|l 02%
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOtlß— California family extras. . $3 60® 8 T5;
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 75®S per barrel. .-,* : . **
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: - Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal,ss2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 60; Hominy. $3 25©3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25; • Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole -Wheat Flour. $3 60;
Rolled Oats (barrels). $6@7 25; in sacks, $3 75®
7: Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$3 50 Her 100 lbs. .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Everybody always expects to buy Hay cheap
er after rain, hence the ,; market .4s neglected
and ' weak, though not quotably, lower. < There
Is no change In Feedstuff s. though considerable
Bran came in from the north. '
BRAN— $l2@l3 per ton. ;> tj;
MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton.
FEEDBTUFFS— RoIIed : Barley, $15©17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing.
$27 60®28; , Cocoanut Cake. i s2o«2l; Corn Meal.
*23@23 50; Cracked Corn/ $23 50@24;, Mixed Feed.
$15 50: Cottonseed Meal, ¦¦ $23 per ton. ,' ;
HAY — Wheat, ¦ $7iB'9,- for common • to good;
$9 60 for ) choice - and occasionally .' $10; Wheat
and. Oat, 86 50@9; .Oat, $GijTB; Barley, $597; Ai
falfa, $6©7 50 per ton. < . v
; STRAW— 2S@33c per bale.
Beans and Seeds!
Beans remain quiet and unchanged, though
THE STOCK MARKET.
LOOO Erie Ist prefd 37%
480 Great Northern prefd 15S
800 Hocking Coal 13%
210 Hocking Valley 32%
345 Illinois Central 112%
200 lowa Central 13 r ,
200 lowa Central prefd 47%
Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf 12%
Lake Erie & Western 20Vi
ICO Lake Erie & Western prefd 84
Lake Shore 194
1,350 Louisville & Nashville Sl%
3.0.a Manhattan Elevated U4}«
2,113 Metropolitan Street Railway l*n%
214 Mexican Central 11%
Minneapolis & St Louis BIS
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd S)l
2,100 Missouri Pacific 45
800 Mobile & Ohio 44%
Missouri Kansas & Texas V*
1.204 Missouri Kansas & Texas 32%
2CO New Jersey Central 115%
2.775 New York Central 133 1 **
2,541 Norfolk & Western 32
1.355 Norfolk & Western pr-ifd 75%
5,300 Northern Pacific 52%
445 Northern Pacific prefd 74
J. 560 Ontario & Western 23H
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
"0.170 Pennsylvania 134%
200 Reading IS
640 Reading Ist prefd 55%
600 Reading Id prefd 29%
100 Rio Grande Western 53
130 Rio Grande Western prefd fc7
110 St Louis & San Fran 10%
St Louis & Pan Fran Ist prefd 68%
100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 344
2,700 St Louis Southwestern 11%
1.500 St l>iuls Southwestern prefd 29
i.ofcO St Paul 12Hi
560 St Paul prefd 172
£t Paul & Omaha U*
6.273 Southern Pacific 37! i
2.950 Southern Railway 13%
¦ 1,900 Southern Railway prefd 57%
Texas & Pacific 16
6,800 Union Pacific ...f. 45%
734 Union Pacific prefd 73%
Wabash 6%
210 Wabash prefd 20V t
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10%
700 Wheeling t: Lake Erie Td prefd 27
200 Wisconsin Central 17%
Express Companies —
Adams U4
American H2
United States *¦>
Wells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
749 American Cotton Oil 32%
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 93
C5O American Malting 5V4
American Malting prefd 23
1.120 Amer Smelting & Refining 3STb
1.250 Amer Smelting & Refining prefd 89T»
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
7,4(K) American Steel Hoop 33
700 American Steel Hoop prefd 79
15,475 American gteel & Wire 54%
377 American Steel & Wire prefd SO
2,175 American Tin Plate 30%
American Tin Plate prefd £0%
25.C60 American Tobacco 103%
American Tobacco prefd 135
2,100 Anaconda Mining Co 45%
14.350 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 6674
610 Colorado Fuel & Iron 43%
2,' CO Continental Tobacco 30%
230 Continental Tobacco prefd 83
7.910 Federal Stert 51
2.080 Federal Steel prefd 72%
510 General Electric 124%
Glucose Sugar 61%
Glucose Sugar prefd 98%
4,8>&7 International Paper 16%
4,507 International Paper prefd 62
Laclede Gas 75
200 National Biscuit 35
National Biscuit prefd 90
200 National Lead 23%
120 National Lead prefd ; 103%
4.400 National Steel 42
215 National Steel prefd 94'
200 New York Air Brake 126%
North American 14%
Pacific Coast 49
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 80
Pacific Coast 2nd prefd GO
630 Pacific Mail 37%
4.452 People's Gas 94%
1,600 Pressed Steel Car 53
Pressed Steel Car prefd 84
Pullman Palace Car 183
3,656 Standard Rope & Twine 5
»9,245 Sugar 97%
Sugar prefd 108
6.220 Tennessee Coal & Iron 93
2.505 United States Leather 11%
1.100 United States Leather prefd 70%
1.490 United States Rubber 32%
150 United States Rubber prefd 92
415 Western Union 82%
2,690 Republic Iron & Steel 20
400 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 65%
' P C C & St. Louis 65
434.200 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS. •
U8 2s reg 103 NT C lsts UO%
Do H reg Ul% N J C gen Es 123%
Do Is coup 111% N Carolina 6s 127
Do new 4s reg.... 137% Do 4s. ...106
I>o new «s coup. .137% N Pacific >s 16%
Do old U reg.. ..117 Do 4s ....104
Do old 4s c0up.. .118 N V C A St L 4s. 108%
Do U reg 116 N& W con 4s *6%
I>o &s coup 116 Do gen 6s ISO
Dlst of Cbl 3.655. ..118 Or Nay lsts 109
Atchison gen 4s — 101 Do 4s 102
Do adj 4s MA Or Short Une 65..127%
Canada So 2ds 10* Do con 5s 113%
Ches * O 4«is »7% Reading gen 45.... 85%
Do 6s 11S% ROW lsts »7%
CM A N con 75....141 St L& I M con ss. 111%
Do S F deb 65.. 121 St Lft S F gen 65. 120
Chicago Term 45... 92% St Paul cons 187%
D & R G lsts 103% St P C & P 15t5. ..119%
Do 4s .".... 98% Do Ss 120
E T V & O lsts...lM!i S Railway 6s 109
Erie gen 4s 71 Stand R& T «5... 77
F W A D C lsts.. n% Term new set 25... 93
Qen Electric Ss 120 ¦ Tex ft Pac 15t5. ...114
G H ft S A 6s 193 Do 2nds 62%
Do 2ds .....107% U Pacific 4s 105 -
H ft T C 65../. 110% Wabash lsts 116%
Do con €s 110 Do 2ds SB%
lowa On Ist* 114 West Shore 4s 114%
X C P ft G lsts... 72% Wls Cen lsta. 93%
La new con 45. ....106% Va Centuries S8
Lft N unl 4s. »9% Do deferred 7%
MKft T 2ds 66 Colo ft So 4s 83%
Do 4s 91% S Pacific 4s 84
MINING STOCKS. v^
Chollar 25 Ontario t 00
Crown Point 10 Ophir 60
Con Cal ft Va 1 45 Plymouth 14
Deadwood 63' Quicksilver. ISO
Gould & Curry li Do prefd 760
Hale ft Norcross.. 2SlSterra Nevada .... 42
Horoestake 50 00 Standard 2 90
Iron Silver ........ 65 Union Con 20
Mexican :20 Yellow Jacket .... 17
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — [Union Land ......' J.
Call loans !%<?«% West End SS%
Time loans 4 ®3 Westing Elec 42
Stocks— Wisconsin Cent ... 17 i
Atch. T&S Te 22% Bonds- «
Do prefd «5% Atchison 4s 99%
Amer Sugar 97 N E Gas ft C 55.. 77.
Do prefd 107% Mining shares-
Bell Telephone... 312 Adventure 4%
Boston ft Albany. .24o Allouez Mining Co 2%
Boston Elevated. ..ll6 Amal Copper ..... 93
Chi. Bur ft Q 128% Atlantic 21%
Dominion Coal ....42% Boston ft M0nt. ...275
Do prefd 116 Butte ft 805t0n.... CO
Federal Steel £o%'Calumet & Hec1a..725
Do >>refd 72 ICrntennlal 17%
F-ltchburg prefd.... 30% Franklin 14
Gen Electric ......124- Osceola 74
Do prefd 137 Parrot ...43
Mexican Central... 11% Quincy 135
Mich Telephone... .100 I Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
N E Gas & Coke.. 18%lTamarack ....188
Old Colony 207 Utah Mining 28
Old . Dominion .... 18 . Wlnona 2%
Rubber 33% Wolverines : 40%
Union Pacific .... 45 %
Charters.
T£» Lizzie Taset loads redwood at Eureka
for HUo; O. H. Kellcrg. lumbar at Grays
Harbor for HUo.
The Grande Ducheaee OJga wss chartered
prior to arrival for wheat to Europe, S2s 9d.
Rez'enue Collections.
Internal revenue collections In this district
thes far this fiscal year amount to $2,6€7,156,
against J5.655.1H9 for the same time In IS3S-99.
the leading lJ«ms-belng as follows: From Beer.
$755.9£,7; Spirits. $570,736; Tobacco. $197,527; War
Stamps, $663,778.
Weather Report.
(12Dth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 6—5 p. m.
Ttie following are the seasonal rainfalls to
6ate, es compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last twer.ty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka O<H 41.97 24.00
Red Bluff 0.84 17.61 IS.S3
Sacramento 0.04 14.59 7.M
s:an Francisco 0.13 16.24 S.OT
Fresno 0.00 7.02 3.86
Independence 0.00 2.16 1.15
San Luis Oblepo 0.00 14.61 7.15
Los Angeles 0.00 6.55 2.93
San I>iego ©.<*> S-12 S.7S
Yuma O.W 0.76 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
17; minimum, 4S; mean, &S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure haE fallen steadily over the
northern half of the country. A moderate
degression over Vancouver Island and North
ern Washington ha* caused a general rain on
the coa*t north of San Francisco. The storm
will probably move eastward throuEh Idaho
and Montana. The weather is generally cloudy
peer the Pacific slop* north of the Tehachapi.
No rain has fallen in Southern California and
•the weather is generally clear.
A maximum wind velocity of 36 miles per
hour from the west Is reported at Carson City.
The temperatures have remained nearly sta
tionary "'• i Mot tn * P-ocky Mountains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnighi. March 7. 1*00: •
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled weather
Wednesday, with showers In central and north
ern fortion; fresh southerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
westerly winds..
Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday, ¦with rain In ex
treme northern pirtlon.
ftah— Cloudy Wednesday; probably rain at
eight.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Showers early
Wednesday, clearing during the day; southerly,
changing to southwesterly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
•
Exchange unsettled and lower. Silver firmer.
W heat and Wheat freights quiet. Barley dull and easy.
Oats and Corn show rather more steadiness. Rye neglected.
Beans and Seeds dull and unchanged. .
Hay weak after the rain. Liberal receipts of Bran.
Large shipment of Canned Salmon to London.
Choice Potatoes rather firmer. Onions steady.
Butter and Eggs in heavy supply, but unchanged.
Cheese weak at a further decline.
Poultry strong at high prices. Very little Game arriving.
Fresh Mexican Limes on the market.
Oranges and Lemons unchanged.
Dried Fruit quiet at the old quotations.
Provisions continue inactive. •
Wool and Hops neglected and easy.
Hides continue zrery weak and dull.
Plenty of Hogs coming in.
Oils as previously quoted.
Lively trading in local stocks and bonds.
Veal and Mutton declining.
dealers report rather more demand for white
kinds. Seeds remain dull, as usual.
BEANS— Bay os. $3 25(33 35; small White. $3 20
m 35; large White, $290-33 10; Pinks. $2 500
2 85; Reds, $3 60; Blackeye. $4 50; Butters,
nominal; Lima, $5 15&5 25; Pea, $3 20S'3 40; Red
Kidneys. $3 60© 4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4%®4%e; . Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary,
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 8® 10c; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4%c;
Timothy, 4@4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. Jl 60@l 90; Green, $1 75
®2 60 per, ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
While there are plenty of Potatoes on the
market, fancy are somewhat scarce, and are
doing rather better in consequence. r Sweets
continue scarce and flrm. Onions continue
steady. .
Asparagus holds up well, and there is a de
mand for shipment, but Rhubarb is steadily
declining. Other Vegetables stand about the
same.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 78® 85c: River Reds,
75<g>0e; Burbanks. 50® 70c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks, 70c«g$l 06; Sweet Potatoes, $1 25 for
River and J2 25 for Merced; New Potatoes,
2>/«<ff3c.
ONlONS— Oregons, $1 75®2 10 per ctl; Ne
vadas, J2@2 25.
VEGETABLES— Hothoose Cucumbers, 75c per
dozen; Rhubarb, 3%®5c per lb; Asparagus. 40
lie; Green Peas, 4§3c per lb; String Beans,
SiglOc; Cabbage, 40^50o; Los Angeles Toma
toes. 50e@$l: Egg Plant from Los Angeles. S@
12% c; Drfed Okra, 12% c per lb; Garlic. 2Viff3%c;
Green Peppers from Los Angeles, ; Dried
Peppers, SJflOe; Carrots. 25i?35c per sack; Los
Angeles Summer Squash, $1 23 per box; Mar
rowfat Squash, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry continues stiff, stocks betrg very
moderate. Game Is In light supply and equally
Ucht demand.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lOSlle for Gobblers
and ll®l2c for Hens; I)re«!>ed Turkeys, nomi
nal; Gee«e. per pair. $1 7*.@2; Goslings, $2 eo^;
Ducks. 541^5 for old and $4<g6 for young; Hens,
$4 SOfff. 60: Young Roosters, $6@6 TO: Old Roost
ers, $4 £0*55; Fryers. $.> 501J6; Broilers, *."®5 ;0
for large and $3 50#4 50 for- small: Pigeons.
$123(3160 per dozen for old and $1 7aft2 for
Squabfi.
GAME— Hare. $1 25; Rabbit*. $1 50: Gray
Geeee, ?3; White, $1; Brant, $1 50®2; Honkers,
$4 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Eggs continue very heavy and
were it not for the demand for storage already
mentioned, there would be a serious accumula
tion of stocks. As It Is, the piles on the floor
*%m to be crowing again. Prices remain un
changed.
Cheese is lower.
There is 110 further change in Butter. There
is plenty on hand.
. BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 21c; seconds, 19
@20c.
Dairy— Fancy, isgiB%c: good to choice, 16%@
l"',jc; common, nominal.
CHEESK— Choice mild new, B%<?9c; old. 8c;
Young America, 9'jisloc; Eastern, 15@10c;
Western. 13V£.<?13c rer lb.
EOGS— Quoted at 11%(512%C for etore and
12%>ff'13V£c per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Mexican Limes are rather lower under fresh
arrivals of 511 boxes. , Oranges and Lemons are
In good supply and unchanged. There are very
few Apples left.
APPLES — M).fi7sc per box for common. 83e<5
$1 25 for good to choice, and $1 50@l 73 for
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50@2 50
per box; Seedllnss, 7Jc@H 50; P.>melos, 75cfi
$2 50: Lemons. $ISI 10 for common and $2tf2 50
for good to choice: Mexican Limes, $5 50Q6;
California Limes. »o#7sc: Bananas. $1 23@2 50
per bunch; l'.noappleys. (3 50@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market Is dull and featureless. Quota
tions rarely chanse.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4*g4%c for
40-CO'f. 3>4«3v 4 c for 50-60' !¦, 3U©3%c for 60-70' s,
SVic for 70-50' s. 3c for So'9o's and 2?4c for 90
100's; Apricots, ll©l2%cfor Royals. 12%<g13c
for Moorparks and 12'R13%c for Blenheims;
Peaches. 3>»fiHc for Standards, 6%'g634c for
choice and 7f?Rc for fancy; Peeled Peaches. lOijd
12% c; Evaporated Apples, G@7c; Sun-dried. 5®
5%c per lb: Nectarines, -SirOe: Pears, 3%«?4%e
for dark and 7«tSc for bright halves: Black
Figs, 2tf2%c; White Figs, 2g3c; Bleached
Plums, S^ye: 'unbleached Plums, 7®7%c for
pitted and l%e for unpltted.
RAIPINS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6e: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. B%c; choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c;
prime. Gc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
30-lb boxes, sc;-2-crown,; -2-crown, loose Muscatels, 6%c;
3-crown. 6>4c: 4-crown, 7c; London | Layers,
,2-crown, -$1 50 per bex; S-crown, . $1.60. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Deh»sa. $2 .10; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
NUTS— Chestnuts. sg9c; Walnuts, SS9c for
Btnndard» and 9@loc for softshells;. Almonds,
ll% l Sl2c for paper shell, 9@loc for soft and 4@
5c for hard shell; Peanuts, s%@fi*4c for Eastern
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, 7%<BSc; Fil
berts. 12®12',ic; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 11%@12c for bright and 10%@
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
" S 4c: light amber extracted, 7!4@7%c; dark,
£-%®6c pei; lb.
BEESWAX— 24Q26C per lb.
Provisions.
There is hardly anything going on and deal
ers are complaining of the dullness. Quotations
stand the same.
CURED MEATS— Baccn, 9%c . r*r lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium, lie for light. 12j
for extra light and 13%c. f0r sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13!g>13%c; California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra
Mess. $13: Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $14 E0;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; Smoked Beef, lie
per lb. ¦
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6»4(57c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
SUe: 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7v4@S%c per lb; 10-lb
tins. 9%c. . ¦ ,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The rain has given shearing a setback, hence
the new clip of Wool will not come forward
as soon as thought last week. Several small
lots have already come in. There is nothing
doing, as there Is nothing here to work on.
The stagnation In Hops continues and quo
tations are largely nominal.
Hides continue depressed and , weak, with
Fellers making concessions to work off stocks.
Tallow Is steady.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
10%<Sllc: medium. 9%@10c:' light. 9%@10c; Cow
hides 9%c; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Calf,
9%€fli>c; Dry Hides, sound, 18c; culls and
brands, 13016 c; Dry . Kip and Veal, 17c; Dry
Calf, 19© 20 c; r Sheepskins, yearlings, 15ii30c
each; short Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c;
long Wool, $I^l 25 each: Horse Hides, $2 23®
275 for large and 75c® $1 75 for small; Colts, 60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5@5%c per lb; No.
3, 4@4%c; refined, 6%c; grease, 2%<33c. .
WOOL-
Fall clip, San Joaquin plains, 9@loc;-South
ern 84?10c; Middle County. Ilifl3c: Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 17H20c: Eastern Oregon, 13®
16c; Valley Oregon, 18!g20c; Northern Mountain,
free, ll^Tl4c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10Q
nHOPS-6%(8>10cn HOPS-6%(8>10c per lb. v
¦ • ¦ " . .' ;• ¦"•'.¦:
San Francisco Meat Market.
In spite of the increased receipts of Hogs
the market does not give way and the trade
continue to report sales at the top quotations.
Veal and mutton are weakening.
BEEF — 6% ©7 c per lb for fair to choice.
' VEAL— 6V4®B%c per lb.
MUTTON— "Wethers, 7%<gSc; ewes, 7@7%c per
lb . v :
\ LAMB— Srring, . 10c per lb.
' PORK— Live Hoes. 6c for small and medium
and 6%Qs%c for large; stocks Hogs and feed
ers 5'A<S 6}fcc; dressed Hogs, 7<gB%c. .
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%(jr6%c; Wool Bags. 25%@32%c;
Fleece Twine, 7%c.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; new Welling
ton. $8;V Southfield- Wellington, $7-60; Seattle,*
$6 50; Bryant, J6 30; Coos Bay, $5 60; Wallsend,
$S; Co-operative Wellsend, $8; Scotch, -;
Cumberland. , $12 In bulk and $13 DO in sack»r
Pennsylvania Anthracite ' Egg. $13; Cannel. $11
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17. in
VEGETABLES— Peas,' SI©I SO ; To
matoes; 75c.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries,- $2 40^3 for
black and .white;. Peaches, $1 65@1 SO; Pears,
$1 60<gl 80; . Apriccts, $1 25@1 70; Ploms, $1 H)®
1 40. -¦¦•; .. "¦¦ ¦ ' "
COFFEE— Costa Rlcn, 14%@ 16c for prSme
washed; litlUc for good washed; -15c nominal
for good to prime washed peaberry; lie nominal
for good to prime peaberry: 12c, nominal for
good to prime; B®loc nominal for good current
mixed with black beans; 8%©9% c nominal for
fair; 7%c nominal f»r common to ordinary
¦ Salvador— lo%® 14c for. good to prime washed:
9%<a9%c for fatr washed; ll!912c for good to
prime, washed peaberry ;. 9%@10%c .for good to
prime «eml-washed; 9%@10c for- superior un
washed;. 9Vi@9%c for good ¦ green -unwashed;
10% c nominal for good to prime unwashed pea
berry; 6@7%c nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 14fg16%c for .. prime •to :¦: fancy
washed: 9%©11c-for fair to good washed;. '9o
9%c nominal for arood •¦ to ¦ superior unwashed :
10@10%c ' nominal for good . to . prime unwashed
peaberry.-' ,>:-.- ••' •-•-- ¦ - ' :
¦¦¦-. Guatemala and Mexican — 14Q17%c .'for prime
to fancy washed: 12®13%c for strictly good
washed ; > 10%9U%c for good washed ; 9%S 10% c
for fair .washed; 8%@9%c for medium; 6&Bc for
inferior -to ordinary: 11 #13c: for good to prime
washed peaberry; 10©10»ic nominal for good to
Continued on Page Eleven.
telegraphic advices to Bradstreet's Indicate the
fsl lowing changes in available supplies last
week:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase, 477,000 bushels; afloat for
and in Europe. Increase, 2.600,000 bushels; total
supply, Increase, 2,977,000 bushels.
¦ Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase. 1,323,000 bushels. . ¦=
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease. 17.000 bushels. « .
Among the most Important increases reported
to Bradstreet's not given In the official visible
supply statement are those of 215.000 bushels at
Manitoba storage points and 71,000 bushels at
Portland. Me.
The principal decreases are those of 500,000
bushels at Northwestern interior elevators and
68,000 bushels at Chicago private elevators.
The aggregate stock o< wheat held at Port
land. Or., and Tacoma and Seattle. Wash., de
creased 176,000 bushels last week.
¦ LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July
Opening.... 5 9% 6 8% 6 8%
Closing.. 59% 68% . 58%
PARIS.
Wheat— — --'_ V, , • Mar. May- Aug.
Opening. :...i 19 85 20 80
Closing 19 85 : 20 80
Flour — ' ' ' . .. ¦"-..'
Opening ." 26 85 ", 95
Closing 25 90 i 26 95 .;>
¦Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. March '6.— Special "cable" and
Foreign Futures.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7. •
Sun rises 6:33
Sun sets 6:o*
Moon sets (first quarter)... ..0:31 a. m.
Chicago Grain Market.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Business In local securities continued brisk
on the morning session. Honokaa sold up to
JSI 37H. Giant Powder to $91 874 and Gas &
Electric to $56 JO. Contra Costa Water de
clined to $70.
Prices bobbed about considerably In the after
noon. The sugar stocks tended upward. Maka
well touching $47. Hutchlnson $26 50 and Ha
waiian $S7 50. Contra Costa Water was lower
at $70 50©68 50 " and Gas A. Klectrlc at $T»355
Giant Powder wa* firm at $31 75@32.
There was no change worthy of note In the
oil stocks.
Mining assessments have been levied as fol
lows: Con. Cal. & Va., 20 cents; Gould &
Curry. 15 cents; Union, 15 cents; Yellow Jacket.
15 cents.
• The Paauhua Sugar Company has declared
a dividend of 30 cents per share, payable on
the 10th. -
The Pacific Sheet Metal Works paid a divi
dend of SO cents on the sth.
The Pacific Lighting Company paid a divi
dend of 33 cents on the 6th.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
pay a dividend of 25 cents on the 10th.
The Onomea Sugar Company paid a dividend
of 35 cents on the sth.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
-TUESDAY. March 6—2 p, m.
Bid.Ask.) Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co 3\ 37i3 7 i
4s quar coup..H4»4 — Mutual El Co. — ' 12*.
4s quar reg.... — 114% O G L & H... — 50
4s quar new.. 136 — Pac Gas Imp.. 56 67U
3s quar coup.. — — Pac LCo 44 44^i
Miscellaneous— - S F O & E... 54 7 % 55Vi
Cal-st Cab ss. 117- — San Francisco. 4>» 5
C c Wat 55...1<X>% — Stockton Gas.. 10 —
Ed L & P 65.. 129 — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65.115«4 — Flrem's Fund.22s 228%
Geary-st R ss. — 93 . Bank Stocks—
H C & S 545.in5 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 69
Do 5s 106%— Bank of Ca1...4«% —
L A Ry 55... 103% — Cal SD & T-. 99H1C0
L A L Co ss. — — First National. 2so 305
Do gntd 65.. — — Lon P & A. ..133 —
Do gntd 35.. — 103 Merchants' Ex 14 —
L A A- P R 55.102%102«i j^er Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 65..125, — Savings Banks-
Do Ist M ss. 116',i — Ger S & L..1800 —
NCN G R 75.1C6 — Hum SA- L. — —
NR of Cal 65.113UU4 Mut Say Bk. 45 —
Do 5s 116 — S F Say U. 507% —
NPC R R 65.103« i — Say & L So. 74 78
Do 5s 10614107 Sec Say Bk. — —
NC R R 55.. 109. — Union T Co. — —
Oak GL&H ss.Hl — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65..112%113 California ....115%122
Oak WCo or.. 105 — Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S C0.1C5»41C6% Market-st Ry. 62*4 63' i
Om C Ry 65..127«i12S OSL & H — 50
P & Cl Ry 6b.104% — Presidio 13 —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65117 — California ....150 160
Sac LG&R ss. — 100 Giant Con Co. 92- 92%
S F &SJV 58.117 — Vigorit 2H — •
S R of Cai 6s.lO8«-3lO9 Sugar Stocks—
C P of A 65..H0\111»4 Hana S P Co. 9 —
S PC 6s(1905).110 — Haw C&SCo S7 87%
Do (1906) ....112 113 Honokaa S Co. 31* i 32%
Do (1912) .... — — Hutch S P Co. 26% 26*4
Do Ist eg ss. — — Kllauea S Co. li% 19^
8 P Br 6s 127 — Makawell S C 47 —
S V Wat 65..H3%114 Onomea S Co. 27% 2S
Do 4s .". — 104% paauhau S C. 28% 29
S VW 45(3dm)102V4 — Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 65.. — — Al Pac A55n..130%121
Water Stocks— cal Fruit Asn 99% —
Contra Costa.. 68% 69 Mer Ex A ssn. 99% —
Marln County. — — Oceanic S Co. 93 93%
Spring Valley. 98% 99 Pac a F A... 2 —
Gas. & Electric— ip a c C Bor C 0.147% —
Cent O L Co.. — — I Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P... 4 4H|
- , Morning Session.
. Board —
8 Alaska Packers' Association 120 XA
200 Equitable Gas ' 3 87^4
100 Contra Costa Water, s 90 71 00
10 Contra Costa Water 7100
540 Contra Costa Water 70 50
15 Contra Costa Water 70 62«4
100 Contra Costa Water, s 90 70 50
50 Contra Coeta Water 70 00
5 Giant Powder Con 91 87H
25 Giant Powder Con 91 75
5 Giant Powder Con, b 5 91 75
30 Giant Powder Con 91 62H
40 Hana Plantation Co 8 75
100 Honokaa S Co Jl 23
40 Honokaa S Co 31 37%
E0 Kllauea S P Co w 75
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 105 25
- 150 Makawell Sugar Co 4$ 50
190 Makawell Sugar Co 46 «2H
100 Market Street Railway 63 CO
10 Oceanic S S Co S3 23
$2000 Omnibus Cable 65..............; 127 50
65 Paauhau S P Co 28 00
55 S F Gas& Electric C 0.... 56 CO
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 5« 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co. 56 50
30 Spring Valley Water 98 50
$1000 Spring Valley Water 6s 114 00
- Street—
ICO Hutchisnon 8 P Co 28 90
5 S F Gas &. Electric Co.. 3J 62»4
$2000 Sierra Ry of Cal «s 10S CO
Afternoon Session. .. .
Board — .'"'¦'
10 Contra Costa" Water ..'........"........ 70 50
25 Contra Ccsta Water : 69 00
25 Contra Costa Water 63 50
310 Contra Costa Water '68 73
JO Giant Powder Con 9175
10 Giant Powder Con 91
100 Giant Powder Con 92 co'
20 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar, b 4 S7 30
855 Hutchlnson S P Co 26 30
2CO Hutchlnson' S P Co, s 90 2« 50
20 Honokaa Sugar Co .'. 31 23
lfO Honokaa Sugar Co : 3175
500 Makawell Sugar Co 47 co -
25 Kllauea S P Co 1975
23 Kllauea S P Co ." 19 fjtL
60 Marln County Water 51 co'
JO Oceanic S S Co 93 25 .
35 S F Gas & Electric Co s<j 00 '
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 55 50
55 S Gas & Electric Co 3525
20 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 53 25
"5 S F Gas & Electric Co 55" 00
15 Spring Valley Water 95 75
1 Spring Valley Water 98 50
S3 Vlgorlt •... .:«^. : 2 37'/S
Street— . ._.•
70 Spring Valley Water 98 73
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. • •'.'
Board— ¦ / •
50 Barker Ranch ...'. 1 15
100 Anaconda ". ..¦.......¦:.. CO
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
• Board— . • '
50 Caribou ....... ........'............ 8S
25 Home Oil ................;,>,.:......... ST«3
Afternoon " Session.
:. ¦ Board— .'-¦¦¦¦
100 Caribou K>
London Wool Sales.
Boston Wool Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. March «.— Money on call firmer
at 2%®4 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4%@6% per cent. Sterling
exchange heavy, with aotual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 S6H@4 86% for demand and at
$4 S2»± for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 84@4 84H
and $4 87%^4 88. Commercial bills. $1 82@4 S2V4.
Silver certificates, 69\@60\c. Silver bars. 59% c.
Mexican dollars, 47\c. Government bonds,
strong; State bonds, strong; railroad bonds,
Irregular.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON. March 6.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance. $298,043,663; gold re
serve, $236,639,633.
London Market.
NEW YORK. March 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The quietness in the markets here was still un
relieved to-day, but the tone Improved. The
budget Is confldered satisfactory In the cir
cumstances. The Industrials had discounted
the taxes and consols rose \ on the news that
there could be no fresh Issue of stock. Con
tinental bears bought back heavily. Ameri
cans were steady and firm, but quite inactive.
Paris advanced Tintos 1% to the record price,
53% on the rise of 45 shillings In the metal.
Anacondas rose ?4 sympathetically. No gold
went out or came In. Call money was In good
demand, and for bills there was larger Inquiry.
CLOSING
LONDON, March 6.— Canadian Pacific, 101U;
Union Pacific preferred. 76U: Northern Pacific
preferred, 76%; Atchison. 23 7 /»; Grand Trunk.
Shi: Anaconda, 9%; Rand mines, 37H- Bar sil
ver, steady, 27Hd per ounce.
* ZZZZZZ #
New York Grain and Produce.
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 190 0.
prime unwashed peaberry: 9©9Hc nominal for
good to suaerior unwashed. • ¦ ,
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 28®30c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 28®27c: Sole Leather. light.
26fi27c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27®280; Rough
Leather, light. 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
32{?33c; Harness Leather, medium. 30fi32c; Har
ness Leather, light. 29<S30c; Collar Leather. U®
16c per foot: Kip, finished. 40@60c per lb; Veal,
flnirhed, 50<S5fic; Calf, finished^ 75cw*l 20; sides,
finished. 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits. 14©
16c; Rough SplUs. B©loc per lb. -
OlL— California, Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
75c; pure. $1 10; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled.
«Sc; raw, -66c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels. 59c: No.' 1. 49c; cases.
5c more; China Nut, 61®65c per gallon: pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 60c: cases. 65c; Sperm,
pure, 60c; Whale Oil, natural white, 32Vic:
Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors. $1 25igl 33 per gallon; wagon colors. $2®
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE. ETC.—Water
white Coal Oil, in bulk. 14c: Pearl Oil. In
cases. 20c; Astral, 20c; Star, 20c; Extra Star
Oil, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene. 22c: Deodorixed
GMollne/ In bulk, 16c: do. cases. 22c: Benzln*.
in bulk, 15\4c; do. cases. 21% c: S6-degree Gaso
line, in bulk. 21cr cases. 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— l« o*..
llHe per set; 14 or.. lOHc; 12 oz.. »ttc; 10 ox..
$%c: twelves. 12 ox. (hotel). 10>4c. Granite
Mining Candles— l 6 ox., 12igl2Vic per set: 14 ox.,
llffllttc; 12 ox.. 10»»c: 10 o«.. 9Vic; twelves. *12
oz. (hotel). 10% c. Parafflne Wax Candles— Ones.
14 oz.. white, 12tfe per set; twos, 14 ox., white,
12Mc; fours, 14 ox., white. 12Vic; sixes. 14 os.,
white. 12>-;c; twelves, 14 ox., white. 12% c; col
ored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 7©7%e; Red Lead
and Litharge. 7Vi@7%c per Id.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 78c; In iron barrels.
72c; In wooden barrels. 75c
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 0 63c; raw. barrels,
61c: cases. 6c more.
QUICKSILVER— SSI JO per flask for local use
and $46 50®47 50 for export. I
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. •In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Pow
dered. s»ic; Candy Granulated, o^ic; Dry Gran
ulated. 5Hc: Confectioners' A. sVic: Magnolia
A. 4*; c; Extra C. 4Hc: Golden C. 414 c; barrels,
1-lCc more; half-barrels. He more; boxes. 4c
more; 50-tb bags. He more. No orders taken lor
leps than 75 barrels or Its equivalent..: Domtnos,
half-barrels, 5%c; boxes, 6^ic per Ib.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. JHSIT; extra-size*, higher; Red
wood. ilT@lS for No. 1 and $15@1« for No. I;
Lath. 4 feet. $2 20® 2 30: Pickets. »18; Shingles.
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy: Shakes.
$11. for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic. 521&27.
CANNED SALMON-Shlpment of 49.710 cases,
valued at $195,540. to London.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY, MARCH «.
Flour, cr sks ... 48.122|Hldes. no 519
Wheat, ctls 2.o6ol\Vlne. gals 25.5(M
Barley, ctls- 4.7701 Leather, rolls 95
Corn, ctls 125 Quicksilver, flsks 25
Rye. ctls 260 Eggs, dor 25.560
Potatoes, sks ... 1.516 Straw, tons » 9
Bran, sks 230 Hay. tons 345
Middlings, sks .. 55 Hops, bales S0
Sugar, sks #*> Wool, bags 41
Pelts, bdls 45 Lime, bbls 132
OREGON. :
Flour, ar sks ... 14.793 Bran, sks 4,545
Oats, ctls 360 Middlings, sks .. 300
Potatoes, sks ... 6.560 Shorts, sks 1.640
Onions, sks 339
WASHINGTON. '
Flour, or sks ... 10.1341 Shorts, sks " 1.250
Bran, sks 1.700 1 Flasseed. sks .... 853
Middlings, sks .. «l
UTAH.
Flour, ar sks ... 6,1321
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
AUCTIONI
AUCTIONI AUCTIONI
THIS DAY.'
WEDNESDAY .*. .'..MARCH TTB
BY CATALOGUE.
At 11 O'clock A. M.. on Premises.
516-518 WASHINGTON STREET,
BOARD OF HEALTH DEP*T.
Sir: A proper fumigation having been maiij
of the quartermasters' supplies, tents. *tc. »•
61S Washington st. you are at liberty to pro-
ceed with tl» sale. A. P. O'BRIEN.
Health OfSc«r.
GOVERNMENT SALE!
Pale consisting of WOO TenU: COCO Curtain*
and Nets; €000 Duck and Drill Mattress Covert:
10CO Sleeping Bags: 6500 Pillows; 4000 Shelter
TenU: 500 German Silver Band Instruments.
Bass and Snare Drums: ICO Filters: 500 Galvan-
ized Water Buckets: SCO Assorted Shovels, eta.
Contractors. Klondlkers, resort-keepers, camp-
ers, hotels, steamboats. salJmakers. tent and
awnln* makers, sttentlon called to this sale.
NEW YORK AUCTION CO.. Auctioneers.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
127 SIXTH STREET.
THIS ,DAY.
¦ WTfDXESDAT. March 7. at 11 Sk. ra.
By ord*r of Mayor Phelan we will sell a lo«
cf CITY HORSES. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE.
\> * Livestock Auctioneers.
BOSTON, March B.— The quiet tone in the
last week continued to pervade the wool market
here. Ohio and Michigan X and 'XX 'wools
hare' sold In small" quantities. The calls for
quarter, three-eighths and half-blood stock has
considerably, narrowed. The prices asked for
territory wools for the first of the year have
been shaded and bids on round lots will, with
out doubt, bring a further weakening, although
holders are not taking much lower prices on
their wools. Ohio XX and above are nominal
at about 34@35c, while about 37©3Sc will cover
sales of No. 1. Quarter-blood unwashed fleeces
are good calls, while the market for three
eighths bloods Is quiet but steady, and half
bloods are moving slowly.
Territory wools, Montana and Dakota, fine
medium and fine. 22@23c: •eoured, 60362 c;
staple, CB@7oc: No. 2 medium, 24®25c; scoured.
53© 56c.
Utah and Wyoming fine medium and fine, 19®
22c; scoured, 60c; staple 65®68c; No. 2 medium,
22@24c; scoured, 53®04c.
Idaho fine medium and fine. 18(321c; scoured.
60@61c: medium. 20Q23c; scoured. 62®54c.
Australian scoured basis spot price, combing
superfine, 93@95c; good, 88S'90c; average, SOQSac.
£* fe £a
DON'T FORGET THE
BIG AUCTION SALE
One hundred head of Horses and Mules, rang.
Ing from 1000 to 1700 pounds, all well broke and
gentle, at 1635 Market St.. near Twelfth.
TO-MORROW,
THURSDAY. 11 o'clock. "Jn^jhtaj.^
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Franel»co
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session,
200 Caledonia 71 300 Overman 2«
£00 Gould & Curry. » 100 Potosl 23
EOO Kentuck 02 200 Sierra Nevada. 37
200 Ophir 76 200 Utah U
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha - 041 300 Ophir 73
2tX> Andes 11 3CO Overman !4
100 Con Cal & Va...l 40[11CO Sesr Belcher 05
20© Crown Point... 131 100 Sierra Nevada.. 3S
300 Kentuck C2I 50 Union Con 21
200 Mexican 25 100 Utah *>
600 Ophir 74|
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morninsr Session.
350 C C * Va....l 47% -200 Overman 2S
100 Confidence 80 200 Overman 2-J
*2CO Occidental 17 , 200 Overman 25
100 Ophir ...*. 7« '¦ 300 Seg B-lcher 05
200 Overman 22! 100 Sierra Nevada. 33
Afternoon Session.
300 Alpha 04 [ «fO Gould A Curry. 11
4C> Alta 07 300 Hale A Norcrs. 31
500 Best * Belcher. 2«| ICO Mexican 23
300 Caledonia 70 1200 Overman 2S
2CO C C & Va....l 42%! 300 Overman 23
50 C C & Va 1451 200 Potosl t»
700 Gould &. Curry. 13 i 50 Union Con 23
CLOSING QUOTATION 3.
TUESDAY, March (t— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask.,' Bld.Ask.
Alpha 03 03! Kentuck 01 03
Alta 06 07lLady Wash 03 —
Andes 11 121Mexlcan 21 23
Belcher 27 28 (Occidental 15 17
Best Jc Belchr. 3S 37 Ophir 73 74
Bullion 04 Cs;Overman 24 23
Caledonia 74 TS.Potosi 27 23
Chollar 27 2S[Savage 13 14
Challenge Con. 22 23' Scorpion — W
Confidence — SO Sesc Belcher 84 05
Con Cal & Va.l 40 1 43! Sierra Nevada. 38 37
Con Imperial... — 02' silver Hill OS 09
Con New York. — OilSt Louis — 13
Crown Point... 13 HiStandard 2732 80
Exchequer 03 04[Syndlcate OS —
Gould ft Curry. 14 15 1 Union Con 20 22
Hale ft Norcra. 31 X3iUtah 09 11
Julia — 02 "Yellow Jacket.. IS 20
Justice- 07 ©8l
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. X.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 8. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
buildinz was dropped at exactly noom to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
NEW YORK, March 6.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,831; exports, 21,094. Steadier and fairly active
on desirable grades of both spring and winter
wheat flour.
WHEAT— Receipts. 16,000 bushels; exports,
16.007 bushels. Spot firmer; No. 2 red. 74 Vie ele
vator; No. 2 red, 76V4c f. o. b. afloat in itore;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, "S'/Jc f. o. b. afloat
prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth, 8014 c f. o. b. afloat
prompt. Options opened steady on satisfactory
English cables and after a sharp setback, due
to unloading, rallied and was strong all day,
closing flrm at UCf'ic net advance. The late
strength was helped by cold-wave rumors, ac
tive St. Tyouls covering and general covering In
other quarters In face of light export business.
March closed 74»,ic; May. 71%&72>4c, closed
72* ie; July, 71^4772 9-lSc, closed 72*ic.
HOPS— Quiet. '
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steadier
COFFEE— Options closed steady at s£lo
points net advance. Total sales reached 21,730
bags, Including: March. $6 73^6 83; April. $6 75;
May, $6 70Q6 S5; July, $6 SOrgti 90; September.
16 7OiR7; October. J6 93: December, $7 1507 20.
Spot steady: No. 7 Rio, S9»c, nominal; Job
bing, Siic; mild, market steady; Cordova, 9V4&
14c.
SUGAR-S-Raw, steady: fair refining, 3 13-16 c;
centrifugal, Sti test, 4 5-16 c; molasses sugar. S%c.
Refined, irregular: No. 6, 4.60 c; No. 7, 4.55 c;
No. 8. 4.50 c; No. 9. 4.45 c; No. 10, 4.40 c; No. 11,
4.35 c: No. 12. 4.30 c: No. 13. 4.30 c; No. 14. 4.30 c;
standard A. (ISOc; confectioners' A, 4.90 c; mold
A, 4.35 c; cut loaf, 5.30 c; crushed, 5.50 c: powder
ed. 6.20 c: granulated, 5.10 c; cubes. 5.25 c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 11.133 packages; steady:
June creamery, lS<?23Vic; Western creamery, 20
@2Cc: factory, 17?T20c.
EGGS— Receipts, S6S4; weak and lower; West
ern, loHc; Southern, 14'i(gir. 1 ,ic.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples was steady
but quiet at unchanged prices. California dried
fruits ruled dull an<J featureless.
STATE EVAPORATED A PPLES— Common.
4*4@."<ic; prime, 6f}6Vic; choice, 7®7Hc; fancy,
7**o SUc.
CALIFORNIA PRUNES— 3H®7c per lb.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13@13c; Moorpark, ISSISc.
PEACHES— PeeIed. is«22c; unpeeled, 7H@3c.
¦New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. March 0. — The metal market In
a general way continued to be a very tame af
fair. There was no change In official quota
tions, except that spelter was raised 5 points.
with the market flrm at the close at J4 7'.xg4 75.
Iron "continued dull and easy. Lake copper
closed quiet and unchanged, at 316 25. Tin
closed dujl and nominal, nothing doing, at $35.
Lead was quiet and unchanged; closed at $4 70
((il 75. The brokers' price for lead Is J4 45 and
for copper Jl6 50. * •
LONDON. March «.— The second series of the
1900 wool auction sales opened to-day with a
large attendance of buyers. Small and fairly
representative catalogues were offered. Merinos
and crossbreds showed a decline of 7% to 10
per cent. The Continental buyers operated
chiefly in the former grades and the home trade
purchased crossbreds. '
Competition generally was fairly active,
especially for lambs, which showed a decline
of 5 per cent. The offerings to-day numbered
7463 bales.
Eastern Livestock M -.fleet.
CHICAGO. March 6.— CATTLE — Receipts.
3000: generally about steady. Native zood to
prime steers, Js@6;-poor to medium, %-tfil 73;
selected feeders, steady, J4 10(g4 70; mixed
stockers, slow, $3 40533 90; cows, $3JT4 25;
heifers. 13 16@4 CO; canners. }2 30#2 90: bulls,
firm, $2 S0I&4 40; calves, slow. U 7wiff7 7i. Tex
ans—Receipts, < 200. Texas fed steers, strong,
$1 SO05: Texas bulls, firm, $3 25®3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 22,000: to-morrow, 27,
000, estimated; left over, 4000; average 5c lower;
toft $4 95. Mixed and butchers. $4 65@4 90; good
to choice heavy. $4 80® 4 95; rough heavy, $4 65
ii/ 4 75; light. J4 60«4 S2V-; bulk of sales. >4 75
©4 S5.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000; lambs, stronr to
shade higher; good clearance: top lambs, $7 SO.
Good to choice wethers, $,"• 60©6; fair to choice
mixed, J4 75t?5 50; Western eheen, J5 3:>4jo 95;
yearlings. $5 75<j?6 50: native lambs, $i 25<37 SO;
Western lambs, J&f 7 43.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, March 6.— Clearings, $356,067;
balances, {37.5C3.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, March 6.— Millers are not In
clined to quote above 52{?52 I ,ic for Walla Walla
wheat, but there are reports that higher prices
have been paid In the Interior. Valley Is quiet
at 51652 c; Bluestem, about 54c.
Cleared— Japanese steamer Doyu Mam, for
Yokohama, with 51,53$ bushels of wheat and 1675
barrels of flour.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 6.— WHEAT— Market quiet
and unchanged. Bluestem, 02V4c; Club, 50Hc
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 6.— Consols, 100 11-16; Silver,;
2"H; French Rentes, 102t 12!4c; wheat cargoes
off const, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,*
nominal, unchanged; English country markets,
enpy.
LIVERPOOL, March 6.— Wheat, firm; wheat
In Paris, quiet: flour. In Paris, quiet;.; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 21-32 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. March 6.— WHEAT— Spot No. 2
red Western winter, no stock: No. 1 Northern
spring, flrm, 6s; futures, quiet; March, 5s 994 d;
May, 5s S%d; July, 5s SJdd. • •
CORN— Spot, flrm; American mixed, new, 3s
B%d; old, Ss 9V«d; futures, quiet; March, 3s 7%d;
July. 3s 7«id. __¦ ¦¦
United States Ceast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and i Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San,
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
CHICAGO, March 6.— When the day opened
In the wheat pit there was a bare prospect —
nothing of Influence either way— and accord
ingly May wheat opened unchanged from yes
terday at Cj%c. So dull wag the situation that»
the attempt of a discouraged long to dispose
of 250,000 bushels of wheat, which went in the
course of an hour through a score of small
hands, sent the price of May to 65% c. At this
point the signal service prediction of a cold
wave and the Liverpool advance in spot wheat
came as a tonic which Imparted firmness and
moderate activity. Shorts, led by St. Louis in
terests, covered and May rallied to 66c. On
prcnt-taUtng which met the bulge 6»%@65%c
was touched, but the market rebounded, re
ceiving further help from a report of a good
Inquiry at New York, the firmness of the
Northwest and a pessimistic view of crop con
ditions In some sections. May rallied to 66% c
and closed strong %©V£c over yesterday at ;
66<tf'66Hc. . j
The corn market was strong and moderately
active. Country offerings were very small and
receipts light and apparently the recent at
tempt to break the market had been aban- \
doned, for the gain shown in opening figures
found few sellers and shorts were disposed |to :
cover. May closed at the top, %c over yes
terday. -
The strength of corn lent enough of Its In
fluence to the neglected oats market to In
cline that very dull cereal toward firmness.
May closed %c over yesterday at . 23V4c.
The provision trade experienced the dullest
day In a very dull fortnight, but the declining i
tendency due to a weak hog market and a
poor demand was . checked by the strength of
corn and the dose was steady. May pork
closed Be over yesterday. May lard 2%c up
and May ribs 2%c higher.
The leadinc futures ranged as follows:
XOTB..In the above exposition of the tlilea
the early mornln«c tides are given In the left
hand coK:mn and the succ»?she tides of the
day In the order of occurrence a* to tlm». Th»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, tbe third time column the third tld»
and the' last or right hand column elves th«
la«t tide of the day. except when there are but
thre* tides, as sometimes occurs. The hei«h?»
riven are In addition to the soundings on th-»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference ts the mean of the lower low water*.
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No.- 1—
March .... «4y»
May &H «6U 65<4 66*
July 66' i 67Vi 66 66V,
Corn No. 2—
September 15% 3E% «5<4 Ss*i
March 33ft
May 34H 85 84H 36
July S*% *5>4 »4H «6H
Oats No. 2— ::.,:¦. '
May 23H 23H 25«4 23Vi
July 22*4 X* 2ZVfe »«4
Mess Pork. »er bbl— . * • ¦•
Mar 10 55 10 (3Vi 10 66 10 «2ft
July 10 6214 10«7tt"10 60 10 «7Vi
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 688 B V 7% 686 8 87%
Ju<y 5 924 695 -5 92^ 666
Short Ribs. »er 100 lbs— -
May 6 77% 6 82%. 6 77% 6 82%
July : & W 588 - 880 585
Carh quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring: wheat. 62\4@<54c; No. 2 red,
6SHc; No. 2 com. 34c; No. 2 oats, 23Vi@23%c; No.
2 white. -2««r2«\4c; No. J white, 25@26c; No.'t
rye. f«. r .:~o; KV>. 2 barley, 36H®40c; No. 1 flax seed,
SI CO; prime timothy seed. $2 40; mess pork, per
bbl. 8 70010 65: lard, per 100 lbs. 15 C7%@5 77%:
short ribs sides (loose), $5 70&5 93; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). 6U@6^c; short i clear sides
(boxed). 15 95@« 06; whisky, distillers' finiehea
goods, per gal, $124; sugars. » cut loaf, t 05c;
granulated. 5.49 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels 80,000 33,000
Wheat, bushels 42,0'0fl 54.C0H
Porn, bushels ,'22.000 111,000
l>.i«». bushels 418.000 iiO.ooo
Rye. bushsels 4.000 l.oou
Barley, bushels 152,000 45.0C0
On the Produce Exchange, to-day the Butter
market was. strong ; creamery. 19@2IHc; dairy.
lG>i©~c; cheese, firm. 12Q13C; eggs, firm; fresh,
16c. -
8
D Time Time Time JTlme
¦ Ft. Ft. Ft. ! Ft.
» H W I* W H W IJ, W
7 zti 5.5 W:42 0.4 5:49 3.9 10:11 3.J
g 425 5.3 11:55 0.4 7:C5 3.9 11:36 3.3
9 ".".* 5:55 4.3 12:59 0.4 8:0« 4.J
L, W H W I* W H W
10 0:59 3.2 6:4S 5.0 1:54 0.3 8:53 4.4
11 "" 2:05 3.1 7:55 5.0 2:41 0.3 9:55! 4.5
12 ". 2:59 2.7 8:541 5.01 J:2C| o»4| 10: in' $O
13 3:42 2.3| 9:451 5.1| 3:541 ».«] 10:4:; 5.t
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Aberdeen Puset Sound ...|Mar. T
Samoa HumboMt Mar. <
San Joee Acapulco Mar. 1
Corona San Diego Mar. S
City of Puebla Victoria A Puaret Sound Mar. 8
Point Arena.... Point Arena Mar. »
Arcata Coon Bay Mar. S
Orlzata Humboldt Mar. 9
A Blanchard.. Coos Bay Mar. I
Martposa Sydney....... Mar. *
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. »
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. »
Bonlta Newport. Mar. »
Homer Portland Mar. tt
Newport Panama Mar. W
Aloha Crescent City |Mar. 10
stale of Ca1.... Portland |Mar. 11
NewburV Grays Harbor Mar It
Rofot. Adamson Nanalmo...- Mar. 11
Wellington Oyster Harbor Mar. 11
North fS* Humboldt Mar. U
I'ro*r-»so> Tacoma Mar. 12
Waihtenaw ... Tacoma Mar. 13
<su«tn • -. Victoria & Puset Sound Mar. 13
Uaetic """.... China and Japan Mar. 13
Ortxab* ....IHumfcoldt Mar. 13
CW Baj : .. • Newport Mar. 14
g£? W Eld«r. Portland iMar. U
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails. I Pier.
Vcrth ForkfHumboldt..... Mar.' 7, » am|P!er t
Am MYru. China A Japan liar. 7. Ipm PM3S
WalU Wall Vie & Pet Sd. Mar. 7. 10 am Pier »
Australia .. Honolulu Mar. 7. Ipm Pl«r I
San Pedro.. Kumboldt Mar. 7. 4pm Pter IS
ctrafao ... Mexico Mar. ». 10 am Pier 11
Cao* Bay... Newport....... Mar. 8. 9am Pier 11
Samoa ..... Humboldt..... Mar. ». 10 am Pier 13
G W Elder Portland Mar, V lO am Pier 24
A Blanch* dlCcos Bay Mar. 9. spm Pier 13
Corona ***n Diego Mar. 10. 11 am Pter U
Acapulro '.. Panama....... Mar. 10. IS m PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Paint Arena.. Mar. 10, 2 pin Pter I.
OrUaba .... Humboldt Mar. 10.' 2pm Pter 9
Arcata ..... Coos Bay Mar. 10. 10 am Pier 13
City Puebla Vie & Pgt 3d. Mar. 12. 10 am Pier >
Ccnita Newport Mar. 12. $am Pier It
Pomona .... San Diego Mar. 14. 11 am Pier 11
Homer Oregon Ports. Mar. 14, >am Pier 13
Newburg .. Orays Harbor Mar. 14.
State of Cal Portland Mar. 14, 10 am Pi«r U
Hathor .... Enrop« Mar. U.
D Time Time Time JTlme
¦ Ft. Ft. Ft. ! Ft.
» H W I* W H W IJ, W
7 zti 5.5 W:42 0.4 5:49 3.9 10:11 3.J
g 425 5.3 11:55 0.4 7:C5 3.9 11:36 3.3
9 ".".* 5:55 4.3 12:59 0.4 8:0« 4.J
L, W H W I* W H W
10 0:59 3.2 6:4S 5.0 1:54 0.3 8:53 4.4
11 "" 2:05 3.1 7:55 5.0 2:41 0.3 9:55! 4.5
12 ". 2:59 2.7 8:541 5.01 J:2C| o»4| 10: in' $O
13 3:42 2.3| 9:451 5.1| 3:541 ».«] 10:4:; 5.t
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Aberdeen Puset Sound ...|Mar. T
Samoa HumboMt Mar. <
San Joee Acapulco Mar. 1
Corona San Diego Mar. S
City of Puebla Victoria A Puaret Sound Mar. 8
Point Arena.... Point Arena Mar. »
Arcata Coon Bay Mar. S
Orlzata Humboldt Mar. 9
A Blanchard.. Coos Bay Mar. I
Martposa Sydney....... Mar. *
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. »
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. »
Bonlta Newport. Mar. »
Homer Portland Mar. tt
Newport Panama Mar. W
Aloha Crescent City |Mar. 10
stale of Ca1.... Portland |Mar. 11
NewburV Grays Harbor Mar It
Rofot. Adamson Nanalmo...- Mar. 11
Wellington Oyster Harbor Mar. 11
North fS* Humboldt Mar. U
I'ro*r-»so> Tacoma Mar. 12
Waihtenaw ... Tacoma Mar. 13
<su«tn • -. Victoria & Puset Sound Mar. 13
Uaetic """.... China and Japan Mar. 13
Ortxab* ....IHumfcoldt Mar. 13
CW Baj : .. • Newport Mar. 14
g£? W Eld«r. Portland iMar. U
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails. I Pier.
Vcrth ForkfHumboldt..... Mar.' 7, » am|P!er t
Am MYru. China A Japan liar. 7. Ipm PM3S
WalU Wall Vie & Pet Sd. Mar. 7. 10 am Pier »
Australia .. Honolulu Mar. 7. Ipm Pl«r I
San Pedro.. Kumboldt Mar. 7. 4pm Pter IS
ctrafao ... Mexico Mar. ». 10 am Pier 11
Cao* Bay... Newport....... Mar. 8. 9am Pier 11
Samoa ..... Humboldt..... Mar. ». 10 am Pier 13
G W Elder Portland Mar, V lO am Pier 24
A Blanch* dlCcos Bay Mar. 9. spm Pier 13
Corona ***n Diego Mar. 10. 11 am Pter U
Acapulro '.. Panama....... Mar. 10. IS m PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Paint Arena.. Mar. 10, 2 pin Pter I.
OrUaba .... Humboldt Mar. 10.' 2pm Pter 9
Arcata ..... Coos Bay Mar. 10. 10 am Pier 13
City Puebla Vie & Pgt 3d. Mar. 12. 10 am Pier >
Ccnita Newport Mar. 12. $am Pier It
Pomona .... San Diego Mar. 14. 11 am Pier 11
Homer Oregon Ports. Mar. 14, >am Pier 13
Newburg .. Orays Harbor Mar. 14.
State of Cal Portland Mar. 14, 10 am Pi«r U
Hathor .... Enrop« Mar. U.Mechanics' Institute Affairs.
The trustees of the Mechanics' Institute
met last night to make arrangements for
the annual meeting of the members to
be held next Saturday night, when the
seven new trustees elected a week ago
will be Installed. The following commit
tee was appointed to conduct the installa
tion ceremony: A. S. Hallidie, Irving M.
fccott and Henry L. Davis.
The members will vote on two Impor
tant amendments to the by-laws of the
Institute. The first provides that no trus
tee shall be eligible, for any salaried, posi
tion until the expiration of the term for
which he was elected shall have expired.
The second amendment is intended to sub
stitute the Australian ballot for the pres
ent preferential system of voting. At the
conclusion of the members' meeting the
newly elected and holdover trustees will
meet and organize by selecting officers to
serve for the ensuing year. Considerable
speculation attaches to whether -Cojonel
E. A. Dentcke will be chosen to succeed
himself as president.
Stage Robber Has Escaped.
CAL.ISTOGA. March 6.— The Sheriff ar
rived iln town late last . night • from ; Oat
Hill and. the Pope Valley : section after a
three ' day .' unsuccessful search' for; the
lone highwayman who held up the stage
on Mount St. Helena last Friday. The
hunt has been given up. . . -
FIGHT CONVICT-MADE GOODS.
Western Manufacturers Hope for Be
lief FTom an Unfair Competition.
A movement Is on foot headed by tha
Manufacturers' and Producers* Associa
tion to revive the crusade against the ship
ping into this State goods made by con
victs in prisons of other States of the
Union. When this body was organized the
matter of convict-made goods was about
the first to be investigated, and a vast
amount of data was gathered showing
that the State of California was and «3
the dumping ground of the products of all
the prisons in the country. Efforts were
made then to have the national authori
ties pass laws by which the West would
be protected from convict competition,
against 'free labor, but the effort failed.
The matter was not allowed to rest, for
as soon as Congressman Julius Kahn
went to Washington he started the ball
rolling with another bill which the man
ufacturers of the West appreciated, and
urged the other Pacific Coast representa
tives In Congress to support. The effort
does not end here, for the association has
decided to call upon all of the commer
cial Industrial and labor union bodies of
the State to rally to Its support.
road, and will occupy the same field to the
north as does the Haywards line to the
south. Before the Haywards line was built
there was nothing but unbroken fields to
San Leandro. . Now the country is thickly
settled. The. same thing can t>e done to
the north, and the road will make a pa
tronage for Itself that will be legitimate
and profitable.
"The road will be built just as soon as
we get the franchises. We asked for that
in Contra Costa County, first because we
expected that it would take longer to se
cure that portion. We will ask for those'
in Berkeley, Emeryville and Oakland just
as soon as we are assured of getting that
in Contra Costa County. We will probably
locate the power-house In Oakland. [ As
for the line into Oakland, we will have to
take some other streets after we reach
West Berkeley, but there are many rootea
that can be. secured. The total length of
the line will be about fifteen miles, and it
will coat about $6000 a mile to build.
"Of course, the route of our line shows
that we will go to Point Richmond, but
the Santa Fe system Is not behind our
line, and neither is the Southern Pacific.
We may get some patronage from that
source, but our line will be independent. 1
OAKLAND, March 6.— The applica
tion of William G. Henshaw and
A. S. Macdonald of this city for a
franchise for an* electric railroad
between Point Richmond and San
Pablo and Oakland, as was told exclusive
ly In The Call this morning, means much
to Oakland. It means a definite connec
tion between the present terminus of the
Santa Fe Railroad system at Point Rich
mond and the city of Oakland. It means
a, solution of the question that has been
so often and so seriously raised in this
city, "How will the Santa Fe reach Oak
land?" It certainly will furnish a pas
senger connection between Point Rich
mond and Oakland for the Santa Fe sys
tem and can be made to furnish a freight
connection should the road bo wish.
.So the Importance of. the move Is ob
vious to Oakland. No matter whether an
Independent line, built and controlled by
local capitalists or whether t directly
backed by the Santa Fe Railroad system,
It will be the connecting link between
Oakland and Point Richmond for that
road for a long while.
A. S. Macdonald, one of those in whose
name the franchise was asked, finally said
to-day that the road was an independent
affair, backed by neither the Santa Fe
nor the Southern Pacific systems. But
while Mr. Macdonald would not admit
anything but Independent support for his
proposed. road he did admit that it would
be for a while, at least, a connection be
tween . the Santa Fe terminus at Point
Richmond and Oakland.
An Inspection of the map that shows the
route of the proposed electric railroad will
make It rather difficult for people to be
lieve that it has not some very close con
nection with the Santa Fe system. The
most important part of the line runs in a
loop around the big peninsula known as
the potrero of San Pablo, of which Point
Richmond Is a projection into deep water.
i But not only does ..the proposed electric
line make a loop around the potrero, but
!it runs directly down Point Richmond
itself, to . the very ferry terminus of the
Santa Fe system. As Point Richmond and
the land for some little distance back Is
owned by the Santa Fe Railroad It Is
quite evident that It will be necessary to
secure the consent of the big railroad be
fore the electric railroad can construct Its
most important line.
It is so evident that the proposed elec
tric road will be constructed for the pur
pose principally of reaching Point Rich
mond and the Santa Fe terminus and that
It will draw its main source of revenue
from its connection with- that- terminus,
that no matter what the backing of the
road it becomes the Santa Fe's connection
with Oakland. -
This Is all that the people of Oakland
want to know and this The Call told them
before any other paper this morning.
The money necessary to construct the
line has all been secured, but the two
gentlemen who have asked for the fran
chise are amply able to raise the money
themselves without railroad or Eastern
backing. -
This Is the first appearance of both Mr.
Henshaw and Mr. Mncdonald as railroad
proprietors. Mr. Macdonald made his de- •
but as a railroad promoter by deftly and
successfully securing the rights of way
for the Santa Fe road f rom ¦ Antloch to
Point Richmond, a piece of work which
he did to the satisfaction of the road. Mr.
Henshaw has long been Interested in
many enterprises In Oakland, but never hi
a railroad. A. S. Macdonald to-day made
a more detailed statement abqut his pro
posed railroad, saying:
"This will be an Independent line, and
It will be built just as soon as the fran
chises are granted. The road will be built
by the ones in v.-hose name the franchise
was asked, "William G. Henshaw an-J my
self. We believe there Is a legitimate lieM
for such a road, built and operated on th«
same plan as the Oakland, San LeanUro
and Hay wards electric line. It- will not
be quite so long a line as the Haywards
MARRIED LIFE
WAS TOO MUCH
FOR BROMWELL
Happy Social Event of Two
Seasons Ago Ends in the
Divorce Court.
Claire Belle Bromwell Given a Decree
of Separation Because Her Hua
• band Failed- to Provide
.. :>:• for Her.' U~%
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March 6.
The marriage of Claire Belle Haswell
and Percy Bromwell. celebrated with
great eclat Just two years ago yesterday,
ended this afternoon, when - Superior
Judge Hall granted Mrs. Bromwell a de
cree of divorce on the ground of failure
to provide.
The trial of the divorce suit was ons
of the shortest on record. The only wit
nesses were Mrs. Bromwell. her mother
and County Assessor Dalton. Attorney
George de Golia. on behalf of the defend
ant, offered no testimony. It appeared
that young Mr. Bromwell took his bride
to the home of his father. Colonel Brom
well. to reside. They lived together hap
pily for a while, but the burdens of mat
rimonial life soon became unbearable to
the young groom. For some reason he
left his position as a deputy under County
Assessor Dalton. In which. he earned {100
a month, and since last June he has ab
solutely failed to contribute anything to
ward the support of his wife. No ali
mony was asked for.
Mrs. Bromwell is a prominent member
of the First M. E. Church choir.
OAKLAND'S NEW WAY TO RICHMOND
On the express trains running.: between
Vienna and Constantinople the use. of .a
sleeping berth costs 60 ¦ cents flrst-class
and 40 cents second-class for every twelve
hours. • . . ¦•¦r'ztSi
Death of Ledyard Frink.
OAKLAND, March 6.— Ledyard Frlnk.
the well-known capitalist and a pioneer of
Alameda County, died to-day at his home.
1220 Grove street.' He was a native of
j\>w York, aged over 80 years,. and was
well known throughout the county.
OMAHA'S ELECTION.
Bepublicans Score a Victory Over the
Fusion Forces. *
OMAHA, Neb., March 6.— With but one
precinct to. hear f rom . | Frank E. Moores
(R.) 1b re-elected , Mayor , of Omaha by "a
majority of nearly 1000 over W. 8. Popple
ton (FuslonK'The rest, of the ticket goes
through with Moores. with. the possible
exception of Tax: Commissioner." Of the
nine Councllmen. , two; or three. -are'- in
doubt, the -rest being "Republican. The
election held to-day was the most closely
contested and the campaign , the hottest
ever known here. Charges ; and counter
charges were freely made, and-yesterday
and to-day, a few arrests were made,' but
the election , passed .off 1 without disturb
ance. -. ' •_ r .._•_ ' / ?' '¦,v. ; , ¦ ?;.. ¦
IF YOU ALLOW
A Druggist to "palm off " a cheap substitute upon you, when
you ask for a Genuine Article, he attacks your intellectuality.
IF CONSTIPATED YOU WANT RELIEF.
NATURE HAS PROVIDED THE REMEDY.
YOUR DRUGGIST HAS IT. v
¦ ;.-¦•-: ¦-¦ ¦ ¦¦•¦ ; ... , . . .. f .. .: _ _?. ...... . ,
„¦* '- •". . "'' ;J - — -¦•" : ;¦¦'¦•'¦'-- ; - ' . "
YOUR; PHYSICIAN. MCTLL RECOMMEND IT.
3: Hunyadi Wnos -ga
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most' Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
* .^ to Men.
A Free Trlarpaekage Sent by Mai!
. to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark,
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bit-
tied for years against the mental a.id
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
la a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home. :
The remedy has a peculiarly graterot
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strensftfii
and development just where It Is needed.
It cures all the His and troubles that
come from years of misuse . of the nat-
ural functions and has been an I absolute
success tn ' all cases. A- request to the
Btate Medical Institute. 323 Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. etatlrg that
you desire -one of their free trial pack-
ages will be compiled with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated. - ""nd the free
cample will enable them to see how easy
It Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will 1O sent a free sample,
carefuly sealed In i pjain package, so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publldtr.^ Readers mrm
requested to write without delay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAPTAIN BUFORD MUST
PAY FOR BAKER'S BREAK
Master of the Grant Haled Before the
Collector , for Preventing - Cus
toms Officials Prom Board
ing the Grant.
Tho arbitrary action of officers of the
Government transport .Grant In refusing
to allow customs inspectors to board the
transport on her arrival last Monday has
been reported by Customs Surveyor Spear
to Port Collector Jackson and, In accord
ance with the report, charges were filed
with the Collector yesterday. • ?
The navigation laws or the United
States hold the captain responsible for the
sailing of the vessel, • hence the charges
were made against Captain Buford of the
Grant, and he will be offered up as a vi
carious sacrifice for the sins of Quarter
master Baker. The penalty Is a fine of
not less than $50 nor more than $500.
Fraternal Visit.
To-morrow night Apollo Lodge of the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows will
pay a fraternal visit to Berkeley Lodge at
Berkeley, when the first degree will be
given, and then there will be a programme
of entertainment.
Cricketers Elect Officers.
At the annual meeting of the California
Cricket Association held ¦on Monday even-
Ing at the Occidental Hotel the secretary
reported that the Burnell prize for the
best batting average, during the season of
1899 had been won Dy C. ! Slmmonds of the
Pacific Cricket Club, with an average of
32.61 runs per Innings, and that the best
bowling average . had been made by B.
Bird of the Alameda Cricket Club, who
took fifteen wickets during 1899. at an av
erage cost of 8.20 runs. The annual election
of officers resulted as/ follows: Edward
Brown president: Captain J. Metcalfe, R.
B Hogue, W. S. McGavln and H. V. Keel-
Ing, vice presidents; Arthur' Inkersley,
secretary and treasurer. ' The treasurer
reported that .the association has a bal
ance of nearly $60 on, hand. "A. committee
consisting of . R. B. Hogue.. E. G. Sloman
and H. C. Casidy was appointed to pre
pare a schedule of matches for the coming
season. The secretary was instructed to
forward the prizes awarded last year to
the clubs in Lake and Shasta counties.
Six Favorites in Front.
NEW ORLEANS. March «.— Favorites Hntah
ed flr»t in e»ch of the nix races which com
posed to-day's card. The track wa fa«t anil
the weather fine. Results:
One Mile. selllnß— Bequeath won. Sun God
second Prince Real third. Time. \:tt\.
Two miles, selling:— Rushflelda won. Banquo
II second. Possum third. Time. 3:30*».
One mile and a quarter, over five hurdles.
handtcaiv-Ckeeßemlte won. Clover Vendlg sec
ond, Setdenbach third. Time. J:2O.
Six furlongs, handicap— Hlmtine « won. Alex
second. Jim Gore II third. Time. I:l3Vi.
One mil* and an eighth— Northumberland
won. Jennie F second. Clarence B third. Time,
One. mile." selling— Sir Fltxhurt won. Rodd
second. Wedding Guest third. -Time. 1:42%.
FOUND BURGLARS AT HOME.
Housebreakers Appear on Stockton
and on Buchanan Streets.
When Joseph Watson, an employe In the
Mint, and his wife returned to their home,
ISSO Stockton street, late Monday night,
after visiting a friend,' they were .sur
prised to see every light in the house
burning. Suspecting that burglars were
in the house, Watson made a rush for
his revolver, but before he could procure
It he saw a man climbing out of a rear
window.
Watson sounded an alarm, but the
burglar made his escape. Every room
in the house had been thoroughly, search
ed by the burglar, but the only things
missing were two pairs of trousers and
about J3 In coin. Mrs. Watson fortunately
had her jewelry with her. The burglary
was reported at police headquarters yes
terday.
Another burglar pot Into the residence
of W. H. Gage, 201 Buchanan stret, Mon
day night and carried off several articles
of clothing and jewelry. The police were
notified yesterday.
POSTTJM CEKEAJL.
UNNATURAL HUNGER
A Sure Sign of Hidden Dyspepsia.
"It was necessary to eat dinner at 11
o'clock" (says Mrs. C F. Oilman, 1131
Preston St.. Rockford, 111.), "in order to
have strength to prepare the noonday
mealfor the family.
"While I was drinking coffee I felt so
faint at n o'clock that I was unable to
proceed with the work unless I had
lunch. If I missed the 11 o'clock meal
I was attacked with a severe sick head-
ache.
"My complexion at that time was a
sight, great blotches appearine on my
face, and I was so* nervous I could
sleep but a few minutes at a time, and
would wake in the morning more tired
than when I went to bed.
"Our grocer called my attention one
day to Postum Cereal Coffee. This was
about three years ago. I immediately
quit the use of coffee and took up Pos-
ttim, having it prepared properly. The
change produced a remarkable result.
In a week or two I was. able to leave off
the H o'clock lunch and take my dinner
in the regular way with the rest of the
family. My blotchy complexion disap-
peared and a natural complexion took
its place. Now I can go from morning
until night without a meal, if I desire,
and no headache or inconvenience of
any kind appears. I sleep sound as a
baby» and my kidney trouble, which was
more than serious, has entirely disap-
peared. 'i'*j' ;:
"A lady friend was recommended to
try Postum, and a short time after told
me fhe was disgusted with it for it had
no ta?tc. I asked her, if she boiled it
carefully fifteen minutes after the real
bubbling commenced. Shesaid no. and
in reply to another question said she
used only one heaping teaspoonful to
the cup. I explained to her that she
must use two heaping teaspoons to the
cup and let it boil long enough. The
next time I saw her she said she used
Postum regularly and \ liked it very
rhuch indeed, and that it had made a
great change in her health and the
health of one or two members of her
family.'.' ¦ . ¦
It'seems plain, from this experience;
that one is justified in the inference that
coffee is an actual poison to* many hu-
man bciofs. and s e*se * s "P a l sorts of dis-
eases. The remedy is plain enough—
to abandon the coffee and use Postum
Food Coffee, which is- sold by. all. gro-
cers at 15 and 25 cents a package.
Deely's Pate in the Balance.
Policeman Deely's fate is. now in the
hands of the Police Commissioners.
appeared berore that body last night and
explained .his officious conduct in arrest
ing citizens, whom he charged with Inter
fering with an officer. About a week ago
a horse fell Into a trench made by the In
dependent Electric Light Company, and
Officer Deely was sent from the Southern
station to extricate the animal. The po
liceman wanted all the glory to himself,
and when citizens offered him suggestions
he turned on them and placed a number
under arrest. His conduct was severely
criticized by, the Police ' Judge . who dis
missed'the men, and the L latter preferred
charges against Deely. In their complaint
they swore that Deely was under, the in
fluence of liquor and was, therefore. In no
condition to perform police duty. A month
ago Deely distinguished himself by shoot
ing a tramp in the -leg because the un
fortunate fellow resisted arrest. The Com-:
mlssioners listened to testimony In the
case and took -the matter under advise
ment and will file a decision this after
noon. ;¦¦ . . .; "d:;.\--. ¦ ¦„£
Goebel's Alleged Slayer Held.
FRANKFORT, Ky.. March 6.— A crowd
which packed the Franklin County Cir
cuit Court room gathered to-day to hear
the examining trial of Harlan Whlttaker,
the Butk-r County farmhand suspected
of being implicated in the murder of Goe
bel. A number of prominent ladies were
present. The charges were changed from
malicious shooting to murder. Whit-
Taker's attorneys declined to cross-exam
ine any of the witnesses for the prosecu
tion. They offered no testimony and sub
mitted the case on the evidence produced
by the defense. Judge Moore held Whlt
taJcer without bail to the April Grand
J ury.^ —
Revival Services.
OAKLAND. March «.— Rev. Joseph
Smith of Philadelphia, a prominent Meth
odist divine, is conducting a ten days'
Pentecostal revival campaign at the
First M. E. Church. Bible readings are
held each afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, be
sides evening services. Much interest is
being manifested. ; - ••',: _:-'¦"
PLAYED CRAPS ON
THE TRANSPORT GRANT
David Meier, a Sick Soldier, Arrested
on a Charge of Grand Lar
ceny. : di^~f.
David Meier, an invalided soldier from
Manila, was taken from the hospital at
the Presidio yesterday by Detectives
Crockett and Dillon and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of grand larceny.
Meier arrived on the transport Grant on
Monday. Fred Raabe, son of Fred Raabe,
the Mission politician, who was a waiter
on the transport. Is the complaining wit
ness. He accuses Meier of swindling him
out of J260 at a crap game after the vess>el
passed In through the Heads by having
loaded dice.
Young Raabe told his father of his ex
perience, and they called at police head
quarters and wanted Meier arrested with
out the formality of a warrant, but they
were not successful, and had to wait until
yesterday morning. :r. . .. j
Meier was taken before Chief Sullivan,
to whom he made- a statement that Raabe
had been playing with ¦ the dice and
winning before he Joined the game. It
was a case of pure luck with him. He
was seriously ill and thought his arrest
was an outrage. •
Chief Sullivan<went with Meier to Judge
Cabaniss and explained the facts to tho
Judge, suggesting that the warrant
against Meier should be withdrawn. The
Judge Bald it was not In his power to do
so, but in the circumstances fixed tho ball
at $100, which was promptly deposited,
and Meier returned to the Presidio Hos
pital. ?, ¦•
ANIMALS SHOULD BE
TREATED WITH KINDNESS
Professor Norris Gives Some Sound
Advice to Amateur Dog Pan
. ciers — How to Train a ¦
Canine.
Professor Norris of Norrls & Rowe's big
trained animal shows, which Is crowding
the Mechanics' Pavilion every afternoon
and evening, has some sound advice to
give owners of dumb beast pets. He has
handled hundreds of animals In his career
and speaks from experience when he
states that the only way to teach them
tricks is by kindness and patience.
"Of all the animals that inhabit the
earth there are few, if any, subjected to
the variety of treatment visited upon the
dog," said Professor Norris. "Probably
the horse's is the nearest approach to the
dog's life, but the simile Is hardly paral
lel, owing to the matter of dollars and
cents and value, which occasionally stay 3
the hand of a cruel owner for fear that
the result of an exhibition of temper
would make sad Inroads on the pocketr
book in case the animal had to be re
placed. While in many instances the
values of dogs have reached almost fab
ulous sums owing to superior breeding,
bench show or field dualities, yet after
many years of practically educating the
public by exhibition or otherwise, people
exist who only know a dog as simply a
common animal with four legs, which
barks, occasionally bites, and is a pet or
a nuisance as the case may be. The field
of usefulness occupied by the dog Is very
extensive. Its scope depending much on
the variety, its education and subsequent
treatment. • : •
Happily, of late years the advancement
of civilization has developed a strong sen
timent in favor of the merciful treatment
of dumb animals and condemning unnec
essary harshness or punishment, its gen
eral effect being a more useful treatment
of dogs and a disposition on the part of
the owner or handler to give man's best
friend opportunities hitherto denied him.
The puppy should be educated in a firm
yet quiet way, the trainer taking pains
to Impress upon the pupil the value of
obedience as a cardinal virtue in the ca
nine reportolre. -While some people take
a fiendish delight in teasing a dog, It ii
not to be expected that they realize what
they are doing, or a different course would
be pursued. A dog should be educated to
become 1 accustomed to the chain only for
purposes of temporary restraint; it bofn«
understood that on practical occasions
perfect freedom Is conducive to good
health and amiable disposition, perma
nent restraint generally resulting In sour
dispositions, which could easily be avoided
if proper methods were employed.
WITH A CARVING
KNIFE SHE CUT
OFF LOVER'S EAR
C. Kruse Seriously Slashed
by Benedicto Guerra
Near Pleasanton.
PLEASANTON, March 6. — Because he
boxed her left ear in a fit of drunken
anger, Benedlcto Guerra, an . Indian
woman, chopped off Charles Kruse's
right ear with a carving knife. The In
furiated woman wielded the big sharp
blade with such accurate aim that she
also sliced off a small' section of Kruse's
cheek. She will probably have to answer
for p.n assault with a deadly weapon, as
Kruse Is not Inclined to press a more
serious charge. ¦' ¦ ' ' '
Kruse, who claims to be a German, has
been living with Benedlcto Guerra for
some time near the Indian rancheria, a
short distance from- Pleasanton. It ap
pears that last Friday night, during one
of their midnight orgies, when consider
able cheap red wine was consumed, Kruse
struck the Guerra "woman, felling her to
the floor, and knocked out three of her
front teeth. ' '¦
Last night another • row occurred be
tween the couple, and Kruse boxed one
of the woman's ears, when she hurriedly
left the room and returning with a large
carving knife smote her assailant, cutting
off his right ear and slashing both his
cheeks. . , . ¦ ¦
She was arrested to-day and her bail
was fixed at $500. ; • • -
SCORES OF CONVERTS
MADE BY BOY PREACHER
Master Jack Cook Doing Phenomenal
Work at the Howard-Street
. , ,:. M. E. Church.
Master Jack Cook, the boy evangelist,
who is conducting revival services at
Howard-street M. E. Church, is nightly
crowding the edifice and winning many
converts to his cause. Despite the rain
last night a large crowd waited in front
of the church as early as 6 o'clock to gain
admittance. The services lasted -intl!
nearly midnight, and the boy preacher,
aided by his father, Henry Cook, and his
brother, Hayden Cook, aroused great re
ligious fervor among the audience.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson opened last
night's service with prayer, and at its
conclusion -young Cook devoted half .an
hour to answering complex questions on
the philosophy of the Bible. He chose hls>
text from a suggestion given him by one
of those present, and then delivered an
eloquent sermon, in which he appealed
for converts. He succeeded In inducing
twenty-one converts to. step before the
altar and he then led them in prayer.
The young preacher's services are great
ly in, demand. Committees from Fresno,
Sacramento and Woodland have appealed
to him to come to their respective towns
and lead revival services." Master Cook
will probably remain at the Howard-street
M. E. Church, for. another week. ;' *-"
COSTELLO'S CHARGE
IS NOT PROVED
Chief Dunn Completely Exonerated
by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Chief Dunn of the Chinese Bureau has
been exonerated by the Secretary of th«
Treasury from the charges filed against
him by Lawyer Costello. A Chinaman
named Ho Mun. who had been refused a
landing- by the Collector, died in the Coun
ty Jai! of heart disease several months
ago. Mr. Costello. who had been the
Chinaman's attorney, charged that Ho
Mun . had been a victim of neglect, be
caus« Chief Dunn had failed to furnish
\X\r- prisoner with medical attendance
¦diea requested.
Mr. Dunn proved that he had sent an
officer of the bureau to the County Jail
and the detention sheds at the Mail dock
every day to ask the Chinese if any of
them were sirk. and that Ho Mun had
denied being sick, because he was afraid
:hat if he were to be fotxnd In bad health
!:e would not be allowed to land, even if
the ruling of the Collector should be re
versed.
The following dispatch was received by
The Call last night:
WASHINGTON, March 6.— The Sec
retary of the Treasury said to The
Call correspondent to-day that on Feb
ruary 24 he had written a letter to the
Collector of Customs at San Fran
cisco advising him that the charges
made apainst Chief Dunn of the Chi
nese Bureau of San Francisco had not
been p.uptained, and that the depart
ment would take no further action.
This clears Mr. Dunn of the charges
preferred against him.
CORBIN IS EAGER TO
FACE HIS ACCUSERS
Asks for an Immediate Examination
. . . of His Record in the Civil
War.
WASHINGTON. March 6.— The resolu
tion adopted by the Senate calling for a
complete record of the court-martial
which tried Adjutant General Corbin
when lieutenant- colonel of the Fourteenth
Colored Infantry on a charge of cowardice
and for other Information- as to his mili
tary career, calls for a mass of papers
that will require a week to copy according
to the estimate of the .War Department.
General Corbin, In anticipation of the
reply, to-day addressed to Senator Davis
of Minnesota an appeal for an immediate
examination of his soldierly record from
the day he entered the service of the
United States army as a nineteen-year-old
boy, thirty-eight years ago, until now.
Moreover, he authorizes the Senator to
present his (Corbln's) resignation. to tha
President if the search reveals a sugges
tion of unworthiness. The letter Includes
the findings of the court-martial which
honorably acquitted Lieutenant Colonel
Corbln of the charge, General Grant's let
ter conferring upon him two brevets for
gallant services at the same time he was
charged with cowardice, and, finally, a
letter from the colonel of the regiment
who preferred the charge, praising his
work in the .campaign.
MRS. LAWTON RECEIVES
THE GIFT OF THE NATION
Nearly One Hundred Thousand Dol
lars Turned Over to the Widow
of the Late* General.
WASHINGTON, March 6.— An interest-
Ing scene occurred at the Rlggs. National
Bank to-day, when the fund raised by a
grateful people In recognition of the serv
ices of the late Major General' Lawton
was formally transferred to his .widow.
The parties to the transaction were Mrs.
Mary C. Lawton, Adjutant General Cor
bin. Acting Commissary General Weston.
and C. C. Glover, the last named repre
senting the bank.
General Corbln, as treasurer of the fund,
drew a check for $98,407 07 in favor of
Mary C. Lawton and saw that it was
transferred to her credit on the books of
the bank. At the same time his account
as treasurer of the fund was closed. Gen
eral Corbln said he did not care for a re
ceipt for the funds, but Mrs. Lawton in
sisted upon giving him one.
In addition to the money the committee
also turned over to Mrs. Lawton all. the
letters received from subscribers to the
fund, many of which contained beautiful
tributes to the memory of her late la
mented husband. On his return to his
office General Corbln received a check for
$25 from James C. Carter, which the
sender asked be added to the Lawton.
fund, explaining that he would have sent
It earlier, but he had been out of the
country. It will make the total $08,432 07.
VALLEJO'S ELECTION.
Personal • Animosities ; Ruled and
Tickets Were Heavily/ Scratched.
VALLEJO, March 6.— The. result of the
recent city election was a surprise. Party
lines fell away and personal . animosities
reigned supreme, causing •_ wholesale
scratching of either ticket. The Lf ollowing
were elected:
Mayor, Joel A. Harvey, Rep.; City Trus
tees, O. S. Cooper (Dem.), «.W. T. Kelley
(Dem.). P. B. Lynch (Dem.), J. O. John
son (Rep.), P. Steffan (Rep.); Qty ClerK.
Thomas J. O'Hara, Dem.; City Attorney,
James A. Lamont, Dem.; Auditor and City
Assessor, 'J. J. Madlgan, Dem. ;. Treasurer
and Tax Collector, T. V. Collins, Dem.;
Commissioners of Public Works. M. H.
Denlo (Rep.) and J. T. Riordan (Dem.);
School Directors,. J. R. Petrie, J. J. Tln
elli W. J. Carlin (Democratic), G.H. Oak
ley'and W. M. Rule (Republican); Library
Trustees, A. S. Halliday.^G. F. Harris, R.
H. Longan (Republican), J. F. Ward and
J. H. Diamond (Democratic).
DIES VERY SUDDENLY.
Fayette L. Simons, Prominent Busi-
ness Man, Passes Away.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .". •
LOS ANGELES, March 6.— Fayette L.
Simons, formerly of Chicago, died sud
denly at Santa . Monica . and was burled
at 10 o'clock " this morning. Simons had
an eventful career and through his mother.
Martha Carver, was a lineal descendant
of John Carver, first president of £he Pil
grim fathers. . In 1853 ' he ' removed to
Bloomington." 111., where he engaged in
merchandising, and there formed a last
ing friendshlp'.with 'Abraham Lincoln.
He leaves one son.'J. J. Simons, of this
city, and a daughter, Mrs. Belle S--Wid
ner, of Cucamonga. He was associated
in business with Joseph Media. Carter
Harrison, E. F. Runyan and other Chicago
commercial leaders.
CRUSHED IN A MINE.
Motorman at Iron Mountain Not Ex
pected to Becover.
REDDING,' March ; 6.— A young, man
about 22 years of age employed as motor
man' at ;Iron '. Mountain * was
crushed by an ore car and It is believed
that he " cannot live through the night.
During the early hours this morning the
young .motorman and a companion de
tached, a car from "the electric line and
ran it into the tunnel. . While they were
inside attending.t o the loading .of th«
car one of, the stulls, an upright , ln .the
timbering, gave way by strain and
bent out dangerously. , In consequence of
the giving way of the timber there was
not enough room left on that side for thra
passage of the man between the car and
the '< stull and the young . motorman was
terribly crushed.: ;• . • •¦• . • - .: , ; ;
Notorious Money-Lender Dies.
• LONDON. .March 6.— lsaac Gordon,' the
notorious; money who* has figured
in numerous scandals,' died- suddenly to
day; in Birmingham. He .was known all
over the kingdom under: various- aliases
Gordon was In • his thirty-fifth year.. He
is said to have been worth £1,000,000.
PLANS FOR CARNEGIE
LIBRARY TO BE INVITED
OAICLAND. March 6.— The Free Public
Library Trustees to-night' rejected the
proposition of the Ebell ladles for a com
petition of plans for the proposed new ¦
Carnegie library building, but expressed
the hope that the ladles do not withdraw
their offer of $1300 for prizes If the library
board fixed the conditions for the compe-'
The" board opposed the Ebell scheme,
from the fact that It provided for the
adoption of the plan selected by judge*—"
one of whom the ladles should name— *nd
¦would leave no option with the library
board.
Later the library Trustees adopted a
declaration of Intention, deciding to In
vite open competition of plans for the
new building; to appoint a jury of three,
two of whom shall be prominent non
competing architects and the other an ex
perienced librarian, to select the beat plan,
among those submitted. Also to offer
prizes for the best three plans.
The plans are to be sealed and delivered
to the City Clerk on or before April ZL
The cost of constructing the building.
without heating apparatus. Is limited to
$47,000. The external walls are to be of
stone or brick or a combination of both,,
supporting pillars of Iron or stone, ami
the building to be as near fireproof as.
possible. ¦ .5
The architect whose plan is selected
must hold himself In readiness to modify
his plan as often as the board requires,
and the Trustees reserve the right to re
ject any and all plans. The amount of
the prizes and the minor details as to size
of rooms will be determined at the next
meeting of the Trustees. . _ -
Street Superintendent Enjoined.
OAKLAND. March 6.— ln the Cemetery
Creek Canyon street opening case of
Emily F. Pope and Henry Pierce against
Street Superintendent C. F. Ott and the
city of Oakland. Superior Judge Hall to
day Issued a perpetual Injunction restrain
ing the Street Superintendent from selling
plaintiffs' property on account of the as
sessment levied on their lands for the
street opening. The assessment, moreover.
Is declared null and void and will have to
be made over again.
How It Will Join
the Santa -Fe to
the Gity.
To Correspond to
Hay wards Line
on the South.
GADSKI AND BISPHAM
IN CHARMING CONCERT
Mr. Damrosch Analyzes and Illus
trates Wagner's "Tannhauser,"
Assisted by the Two
Great Stars.
Although Mr. Walter Damroseh's prelim
inary recital prefaced the present series
of "Wagnerian contorts most . agreeably,
public Interest centered In the reappear
ance of Madame Gadski, which took place
at the California Theater yesterday af
ternoon. In point of artistic Importance,
however, our first hearing of David Bis
pham must take priority.
The cpncert was devoted to an exposi
tion of "Tannhauser," and it was an
agreeable ¦ surprise to many to find that
Mr. Damro^h again contributed a verbal
analysis ana elucidation of the composer's
art and purpose. This introduction of fa
miliar talks by Mr. Damrosch adds much
to the pleamre that is to be derived from
listening to his admirable illustrations on
the piano and to the singing of Madame
Gadski, Mr. Bispham and Mr. Schott.
The conduct of the concerts Is as inter
esting as it is novel, and the combination
of discourse and vocal illustration is a
substitute for complete operatic treatment
more satisfying than one could anticipate.
Mr. Damrosch compasses on the piano a
degree of orchestral effect that is posi
tively astounding. His execution is dis
tinguished as much by delicacy and a feel
ing for the spiritual as it is by breadth
and vigor. He is not less happy In inter
preting Wagner's exquisite treble sugges
tions of the supernatural and abstract
than-ln the forceful rendering of his stur
dier dramatic themes. ; He alternately
narrates,' declaims, muses, storms, pleads,
defies, laments. In short, runs the gamut
of dramatic and emotional expression.
"Tannhauser" is lacking In point of
technical interest as compared with the
later Wagnerian music-dramas, of which
the complex thematic treatment Is sus
ceptible of more copious analysis; but Mr.
Damrosch traced the thread of the story
and its musical eetting most delightfully,
and again won the auditors by his sincer
ity and charm of manner.
Madame Gadski was graciously wel
comed and sang her portions of the opera
with admirable art. Once regarded only
as a lyric soprano, she has essayed the
heavier dramatic roles with such success
that to-day, although not the first among
the great- Wagnerian artists, she has at
least a versatility that has rarely been
equaled by a German singer.
• It may be said of Madame Gadski that
she is not too faithfully German. The art
that she brings to the music of Wagner
is not so much of a special school as it is
comprehensive, universal. She has com
mand not only of declamatory enuncia
tion, but possesses a beautiful legato style
and a well-defined mezza voce.
Her voice this year seems to be more
symmetrical and the Insecurity of her at
tack In the upper register, which was no
ticeable when. she sang here before, seems
to have disappeared. There is the same
wavering of the pitch that is characteris
tic of her singing, but she compensates
for this fault by abundant artistic quali
ties. Her intense dramaticism is delight
ful, for it springs from a genuine tem
perament and Is utterly different from the
artificial fervor of so many of the Ger
mans.
Mr. Bispham's singing is an example of
what the perfection of method can
achieve when taken Jn conjunction with
fundamental qualities of. more than or
dinary worth. In him the artist is para
mount. .One. finds In him more than
aught else the masterful grasp of the in
tellectual purpose of what he sings. His
voice is naturally full and- resonant, his
art makes it. rich and sonorous. His shad
ing and use of tone color is nothing short
of marvelous, his control Is wonderful and
his phrasing absolute perfection. He has
the mesa dl voce. a generous volume and
equable tone quality. He is unsensatlonal,
sincere; conscious of his powers no doubt
and conscious too perhaps of his defects,
which. If he have any, he cleverly con
ceals with his consummate art. And
that Is art.
Anton Schott sang excerpts from the
muplc of "Tannhauser" at times most ef
fectively. He did particularly well in the
Venus song and the narrative at the end
of the opera, but aside from the fact that
he is very much past his prime there is
evident in his singing of passages that
call for varied vocalization an effort at
color and expression that is rather more
studied than refined.
The Interest and success of the season
promise to grow with each succeeding
concert, " PORTER G ARXETT.
COLONEL SIBLEY
A GUEST OF THE
PROHIBITIONISTS
Great Worker From Georgia
Tendered a Complimen
tary Banquet.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 6.
Colonel F. J. Slbley of Atlanta, Ga.. was
tendered a complimentary banquet at the
Albany Hotel last evening by the Prohi
bitionists of Alameda County.
The affair was one of the most elab
orate ever given under the auspices of
the Prohibitionists here. Judge Elliott
presided at the banquet. A blessing was
asked by Professor Keep of Mills Col
lege, and after an hour spent about the
festive board, speeches were made by
Judge Elliott. Key. R. F. Coyle of the
£ lrs * Presbyterian Church. Rev. John A.
B. Wilson of Howard-street Methodist
Church San Francisco; Dr. Bowers, Pro
fessor Miller of Stanford University, Pro
*eesor Woodworth of the State t?nlver
sity and Mrs. Edholm. Colonel G. W. Ar
buckle sang an original song and Colonel
bibley. the guest of the evening, conclud
ed with an eloquent address. In which he
said the Prohibitionist party is the only
one that puts morals and purity to the
front v. He v*?**! all to stand by the col
ors. During the evening Professor Meads
was presented with a silver watch and
office chair.
Those gathered about the banquet ta
ble were:
Colonel Frank 3. Bibley of Atlanta. Oa.;
Juise I^. TV. Elliott of Btocktcn (presiding):
Rev. Robert F. Coyle, D.D.. and Mrs. Coyle of
<-«akian<l; Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.. and
Mre. Wilson of San Francisco: Professor C.
ter Miller. Stanford University. Professor C.
W. Woodworth. University of California; M.
C Winchester. Vallejo; L>r. Stephen Bowers,
Los Anteles; Professor Josiah Keep and Mrs.
Keep. MUJs College; E. C. Brown and Miss
Brown. S. P. Meads and Mrs. Meads. W. H.
Robinson. Dr. G«orre A. Moore, Rev. George
Morris; Dr. C. W. Bronson. Alameda; P. V.
Chamberlain, E. L. Brirge. E. Fear and Mrs.
Fear, San Francleco; E. C. Lyon. J. I*. L,j on
and Mre. Lyon. T. H. Montgomery and Miss
Montgomery. A. M. Chedwlek. Rev. William
M**erve; O. O. May. Berkeley; Harold W.
Meads. Nellie A. Meads, Volney Taylor and
Mrs. Taylor: Judge Robert Thompson. Ban
Francisco: F. J. Edwards; C. T. Clark. Napa:
J. B. McMatb and Mrs. McMath. H. L. Ross,
F. A. Patterson. J. P. Hays and Miss Hays,
C. K. McDonald. Edwin Bothwell Jr.. Charles
G. Reed, James Mallock. Soel Jacks. Rev. Jo
seph Rowell. Rsuben Wtand and Mrs. Wland.
Rev. R. R. Bird and Mrs. Bird. Miss M. A.
Thompson; Mrs.. Charlton Edholm. Ban Fran
cisco: A. B. Tayntcn and Mrs. Taynton, Mrs.
M, B. Pelton. Mr. and Mrs. Jenkins; Rev. E.
C. Arnold. Berkeley; Mr. and Mrs. Arbuckle.
Rer. and Mrs. J. R, Knodell; Mr. Shaeffle,
6an Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 1900.
PURTELL BOUGHT OVER
BY THE COLUMBIA CLUB
National Club Loses a Good Hatch
' Through the Unsportsmanlike
f l Conduct of a- Bival^Or- -
•'• •' : ¦':¦¦¦ < : •;• ganization. . '* v- .
• : The " management ' of -the Columbia- Ath
letic Club Is pursuing a. "policy which will
not be approved by the,follo"wers of pugil
ism ih T thls 'city. Not satisfied 'with hav
ing a monopoly on the small glove con
tests and reaping a harvest through their
semi-monthly boxing exhibitions, the club
management Is attempting to defeat the
plans of its only rival, the National Club,
by T>utbldding it and Influencing boxers
who have entered Into contracts with the
latter club to break them.
A flagrant instance of this conduct was
brought to light yesterday when "Paddy"
Purtell, the' pugilist, refused point- blank
to flght before the National Club, unless
the winner received 60 per cent of the
gross receipts. Manager Glbbs declined
to enter into such an agreement and hotly
told the dictating fighter that he would
not hold the fight on such terms. It was
then that Purtell let the. cat out of the
bag. He haughtily announced that he did
not care a "rap" what the National Club
did, as the Columbia Club had offered
that amount and he would flght under its
auspices. Manager Gibbs was thunder
struck at this statement, and he went In
search of Manager Crowley and demanded
an explanation. A heated discussion fol
lowed, but nothing came of It.
Purtell has acted unwisely In the mat
ter. He came here under contract to flght
before the National Club, but without
even a "thank you" throws it over for
higher money. The Columbia Club Is even
greater . at fault. According to one fol
lower of the pastime, the woods are full
of fighters and that club could easily have
matched two good men without encroach
ing upon the preserves of the National
Club.
"Biddy" Bishop will take "Tonng" Peter
Jackson to Sacramento to-day and place
him In training for his match with Frank
Purcell, which Is to be fought before tne
Sacramento Athletic Club on the 21st inst.
Bishop has written to Mose La Fontese
to come here and meet some 138-pound
man.
Frank Rafael, the local lightweight who
put up such a splendid battle against
Queenan at Hot Springs last month, ar
rived in town Monday and will shortly
begin training for his bout with
"Crockey" Boyle.. -~ * :¦
9WANTED — Position as clothing salesman or
clerk In general merchandise business tn
country; .. No. 1 * references given." ' Address
M. G.. 104 Powell st , _ ; ••----.-'
WANTED— Situation on Pacific Coast by young
man; experienced offlce manager, bookkeeper
and stenographer; ¦- best >of ¦ references. Ad-
dress box 344, Hancock, Mich.- - : \ . > .
YOUNG man wants position as -clerk, cashier
or collector: experience; best references. Ad-
dress box 3954, CaH offlce. . ». :"
BARTENDER. 27, desires permanent position;
night man preferred; references and security.
Address box 3987. Call offlce.
IF you wish fun value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
YOUNG man desires position with private fam-
ily as coachman; understands the care of
horses, etc.: reference*. Box 3892, Call offlce.
WANTED— A respectable young girl for house-
work. Call after 10 o'clock 2030 Mission st.
WANTED— OId rold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet Powell and Mason.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates:
10 years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie.
A FINE HU.t to order $10 75, or pants 33 75; our
specialty in remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS, 1117
Market st. bet. 7th and Bth, prop. One- price
Tailoring Co. 533 Kearny, near Sacto.; also
1*44 Market st. under St. Nicholas.
WAITRESS wanted. 631 Clay st.
BELLE— OUDRY
WANTED— To know the whereabouts of CARL
JOHAN NILSON, born at Falkenbenr. Kal-
mar Sweden. Any one knowing same will
confer a great favor by Informing his sister.
WENDELA CHARLOTTE ANDERSON. 64
Pond st. S. F. .
BARBER wanted at 142tf First st
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett ft Davis pianos.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773' Mission st. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
DANCINO. ballroom or stage, quickly taught:
prtv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071H Market st. ; examinations free; German
eyewater by mail, 50c. Phone. Mint 257.
O "Morning Call Home Study" readers—
Classes forming: French conversation, Span-
ish, $2 per ma 530 G. G. aye.. r. 6, 6; hrs. 2-8.
A— WE PAY YOUR FARES
..: TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS
25 laborers, no exoerience required. $26 and
found; 364 tlemakers. woodchoppers, poet and
picket makers. $2 50, $2. $1 75, $1 50, $1. 76c
cord, $4 CO per 1000, 24c each, some for mines.
tools and fare advanced
MURRAY ft READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOUSES LODGING— FOR SALE.
DECKER'S BARGAINS— SEE THEM.
8-room new flat $500
26-room house; clears $100.. .'.. 560
110-room corner house 4800
24 rooms: north of Market: clears $125.... 900
32 rooms; corner; clears $150 1600
Corner on Market; clears $400; 104 rooms.. 4JtOO
Mod. house; elev.; clears $500; 84 rooms.. 6500
Tel. John 51. H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market St., opp. Fifth
ACCORDION pleating factor)'. All kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post over O'Connor ft Moffat
A YOUNG Frenchman of good education and
reputation, who can speak, read and' write
English, wishes to go to the Part* Exposition
- with an American family or somebody as an
Interpreter; moderate terms and can give
good references. Address JEAN UA-
CLERQUE. 217 Pacific aye.. Santa Cruz. Cal.
.....WANTED TO-DAY "..
Shis to-morrow
a gang of railroad teamsters for Coast road.
Santa Barbara County ....:... ....'
Free fare
C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary St.
THE SAN FKAiNOiSCO CALL, , WJiJOKJibIiAI", luAiUJll 7, iJGG.
TWO flats, 4 and S rooms: bathj part c*ah. bal-
ance can remain. 173 Cook et
WANTED— Second-hand : upright piano for
cash. H.- L. -WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market at.
WANTED— Laster: kip work; Chase machine.
" 8« E. E. GEORGE Shoe Co., 35 Stevenson st
$23<X>-WORTH $4000; store. 3 rooms, bath; flat
above. 5 rooms, bath, rented. $30. 1417 Pacific.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
H subscriptions has ' been \ established at *.* the
.northwest corner of , Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sta.; open until 9 p."m; ¦¦:¦¦»^ . : r - ;
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work inside. 411%
¦ Kearny st., first floor.:, ¦ ¦-.-¦¦ -_ .
STEADY man; understands care horses, I cows,
etc.: good driver; handy with tools and about
machinery; well recommended."' Address box
»69, Call. .. >-, -. f
W ANTED— To buy singing canaries. Angora
cats, black and tan toys, white poodles, Japa-
nese pugs, fox terriers and spitz pups, ring
doves, white rabbits, guinea pigs or any sal-
able stock. 411 Kearny st. .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has be*n established at 1084 Va-
¦ lencla ¦«t :,.... •.^ 1% ¦ ... .-. ¦;, ; ?,
FOR sale, cheap— New 2-story houses. 7 rooms-
latest Improvements: Noe and Hill sta.; near
Castro-st cars : patent sidewalk.
3IISCELLAKEOUS WANTS.
A BRANCH offlce for the • reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p.m. . •-
FOR sale cheap— Bush st., east of Van Ncsa
aye.; house of 13 rooms; conservatory, laun-
dry, and bath: beautiful sunny lot 30x137:6.
Apply store. 1128 Larkin st
WANTED— Carriage blacksmith; flrst-class
blacksmith's helper; also a gear worker. Ap-
. ply. Golden .West Hotel, bet 9 and 10 a. m.
WANTED— Good apprentice boy to learn coat
making; must be good sewer. 118 Montgomery
: avenue. , . ¦.:..,-.-...-¦,'¦ • . .- .-- ¦
YOUNG man. 18 years of age.. would like situ-
ation, offlce or dry goods store, where he can
learn the business: wag«s no object to begin
with. J. H., 1512 Mission st ¦
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission St.. near lath.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: I
¦ air compressor: 5 locomotives. | 220 Fremont
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planes, lathe*,
iron ft wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to.any address In the
¦United States, postpaid, for »1 per year. - 1
PENSIONS- J. H. SHEPARD 'ft CO.. ¦ Attor-
f. .;.: .'.V.neys, ; Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
LINDELL I House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
FURNISHED rooms, 7Sc, $1, $1 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN. 514 Fourth st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
SITUATION wanted by young man at house-
cleaning or other work by the day. HENRY
ANDERSEN, 952 Bush st. ¦ . > , ' ;
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers; plated
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission st. near 15th
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurse a-lrl for boy 3 years old; must do sew-
ing. 997 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
PLUMBERS.
GOOD, reliable woman; light housework; small
family; good home. Particulars 1461 Valencia,
EXPERIENCED man. would like position as
clerk in lodging-house: able to take full
charge. Address box 3977, Call offlce.
YOUNG man to learn dentistry. -Address box
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
nlar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. nr. Pine.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wanted for.bakery;
'German preferred. 1410 Polk st. •>: .
DR.- C. C. O'DONNELL— OffIce and restdenc*.
1021H Market St.. b«t. Sixth and Seventh.
WANTED— Nurseglrl. Call at 2527 Pine st
SOBER, trustworthy man would like position
as Janitor; able to take full charge. Address
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and bur-
glar proof safe. 216 California st.
GREEN hands and seamen to. go north for th*
summer at HERMAN'S,, 26 Steuart St. V
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
FOR Sonoma— Wanted, a cook. $20, and second
girl. $15. Apply at 2210 Central aye.
SHETLAND ponies, in pairs or single. 1074
East Twenty-flrst st, Oakland.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet J. WHITE-
HORN; A.M.. Ph.D.. 1815 Linden. Oakland.
WANTED— Neat competent woman for per-
manent position in small store. Box 3966, Call.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to' know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, - 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. -
10.000 «FEET new rubber belting, half price.
•ROBT. BRAND & CO.. 527 Third at.. Oakland,
GOOD barber wants a steady . place ; city or
country. Address box 3993, Call offlce.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
$33 Market st, San Francisco.
COLORED boy 18 years of age wishes position
In city or country; willing to work; excellent
High School education. Box 4279, Call offlce.
ABOUT 50 gallons good country milk. Address
E. B. BARBER. Del Hambre Dairy, Mar-
tinez. • ¦ . »
WANTED— An apprentice at E. Meaaager**
cloak store. 145 Pout et.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st.
RESPONSIBLE party would like the use of a
good piano for taking care of it; good refer-
ences. Room 22, Flood building.
$550— BARBER .shop;, country: with .building
' and bedroom; ¦•¦ first •¦ clas*. G. W. S., Mill
Valley. ;
OLD gold bought; money loaned on every de-
scription of collateral. Coleman'a. 50< Kearny.
SEAMEN — Ordinary, green hands, for steam
whalers. 701*. Battery- at., corner Pacific
NEAT, steady girl for general housework;
cooking and small washing; wages $25. 1004
Dolores st, near Xwenty-thlrd.
POSITION by a ¦ competent stationary and
hoisting engineer. Call or address J. A.
SEE, 22 Tehama St. "
LEADING theatrical and masquerade coa-
tumers; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
. Uclted. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 Market st
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
SITUATION wanted by a first-class coachman
from the East; references and bond If re-
quired. Address box 3972, ¦ Call -of flee.
WANTED — Position as salesman or collector;
very well acquainted In city; best of refer-
ences; can give security. Box 4402, Call, j
GIRL to assist with light housework; wages
$10. 768 Hayes st. -
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
-and souvenir f re*; only institution in- the
world teaching the barber and halrdressing
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
* Clay st. Branches — San Francisco, New York,
St. Louis. Chicago, Minneapolis.
FOR sale cheap— Almost new carpets; call
Wednesday, between 2 and 3. 114U Shotweil.
A' GOOD 15-cent barber shop for, sale; $50.
Corner Sixteenth and Market sts.
GERMAN or Swedish girl assist with light
housework; good home. 328 Eddy st.
WANTED— Young men to go whaling; no ex-
perience required. *L. LEVY, Battery and
Jackson.
WANTED— Good coachman, wages $45. MRS.
D. SCHONFELD. 1260 Geary st
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
CARPENTER, young married man, ¦ wishes a
steady position as handy man; reasonable
wajres; best of references If required. Ad-
dress box 3992. Call office.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOBH ft WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St., above Sixth.
THIS week only — Lederer, the hairdresser. 123
Stockton, gives each person having hair
dressed and to each purchaser fine El Per-
fecto Rouge; halrdresstng. 25c.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception. of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
18 NOT A LADT.
INVALIDS who find no relief from drugging
the stomach to investigate Dr. Conant's
method of absorption, which never falls. Call
or address for booklet Anldrosls. 47 Post,
offlce No. 5: gents' 'baths. 6: ladles parlors. $3.
MEDICATED RATHS.
BARBER shop; one. chair; fine location; $30. 257
Third st. -
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason at.
WANTED— Night man who understands res-
taurant business and take cash. 29 Stockton.
PERSONALS.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladies' special-
ist; guaranteed treatment at offlce, $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
WETNURSE— Young woman with a child not
over 2 months old. Address box 4403, Call.
POSITION as housekeeper or take care of. in-
valid. 163 Lexington aye., bet. Eighteenth
and Nineteenth and Valencia and Mission.
$20— 3 TORE; 2 show windows and 5 lar«*
rooms: adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market: ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. $5.
WOMAN wanted for cooking and downstairs
work; reference required. '2617 Laguna st.
EMMA -6PRECKELS building. 927 Market st:
sunny offices. $15 per month.
OFFICES AND STORES— TO LET.
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day. 108 Fourth st
YOUNG lady from Massachusetts would like
position as traveling companion to elderly
lady going to Europe, or would take care of
children; best of references. MRS. HATCH,
4SB Geary at. i *" '
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at offlce. $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st. bet
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. 31 per year.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
in confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
flce, $5; any ailment; consultation free. 342
Post St.. between Hyde and Larkln.
GIRL to assist In institution, $20, Alameda:
girl for upholstering store for cutting and
sewing mattresses, $9 per week. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
POSITION as stenographer and typewriter;
legal work preferred: experienced; reference.
Address box 3973. Call offlce. .
WOMAN wants position as working house-
keeper or nurse. 212 First st, room L
SELL for storage— 2 uprights. $75f ' very «»•
Steinway, $125. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano, $3 per month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes at
WANTED— 4 good square pianos at BYRON
MAUZY'S piano warerooms, 308 Post st
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment .$5; safe and reliable cure. in one
»**y; 15 years' successful practice In S. F. ;
Yi.*>rnlty home; low fees. 1007U Market st
SWEDISH woman wishes position to do house-
work; is good cook. 513 McAllister St.
MEDICAL.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
Warerooms. ISIB Market st.
WANTED — Chambermaid and waitress, country
resort, $20, see party at 10 o'clock; German
cook, $35, no wash; cook, across the bay, $25;
4 cooks. German ' style, $25, $30; Ironer, $9 a
week; second girls, $20, $25; German nurse,
$20; infant's nurse, $24; houseglrts. Belvedere,
$25; Stockton, $25: Santa Rosa, $25; Alameda,
$26; Fresno, $20; Petaluma, $20; Martinez, $20
to $25; restaurant waitresses, $5 and $6 a
week; 3 hotel waitresses, $20; boarding house
cook. $25. J. F. CROSETT &.CO.. 316 Sutter.
AMERICAN woman wants any kind of house-
work by the day. CaH 373 Jessie st
GIRL for cooking and housework, small family,
city. C. R.- HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
3 STEINWAYS, 2 Chickerings. 1 Sommer. 1
Vose ft Sons. 5 Helnes; store open evenings.
HEINE Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United State*, nostpald. for $1 per year.
AN experienced girl desires general work and
cooking or upstairs work. Call at 221 Hick-
ory aye.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO PHONE GRANT 185.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitress, Fresno, $20; 3 waitresses, Wood-
land, $20; 10 waitresses, different hotel*, $20,
city and country; 2 chambermaids to wait,
same place. $20; chambermaid, commercial
hotel, $20: • chambermaid, $15, short ways in
country: fancy ironer, $30; 2 lunch waitresses,
no Sunday work, $3 60: houseglrl. Mill Valley,
$20, small family: cook, Alameda. $25; house-
glrl. Stockton. $25, see party here; middle-
aged woman for family of two, city, $15;
houseglrl. ranch, $20. Martinez, choice place.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— French butler and valet for bache-
lor's residence; one who can take charge, un-
derstanding the business thoroughly and give
references; salary $40 and found. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
LADlES— Agents: something new. 602 Geary
st, San Francisco.
YOUNG Swedish girl will do general house-
work or second work. Please call at 609
Locust aye., off Laguna, between McAllister
and Golden Gate.
AGENTS everywhere to sell Mrs. Webb's Cal.
Complexion soap. Add. Bell & Co., 6 Eddy.
FIRST-CLASS German laundress desires situa-
tion: best of references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WANTED— Oyster man and waiter. $40 [ cook
and wife, country restaurant, $55; restaurant
waiter. $40; boarding house waiter, $25; res-
taurant second cook. $35; dishwashers ' and
others. J. F. CROSETT ft CO., 628 Sacra-
mento St. ~v
LOST — 2 memorandum books on Sunday even-
ing on Montgomery st, containing with name
of owner Inclosed. Return to Golden Eagle
Hotel, corner Broadway and Montgomery st.
HELP .WANTED — AGENTS.
LOST— March S. 1900. ladles' lon* black seal
leather purse, silver mounted and containing
small gold open-faced turquoise blue enamel
watch with diamond butterfly on back; some-
where between 'Washington and Polk sts. and
1329 Leavem\crth. Reasonable reward if re-
turned to room 807, Call building.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALaU.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion, best city reference*, city or country;
firm-class laundress wants a position, city or
country; 2 competent French girls want posi-
tions to do second work; young colored girl
wants to assist in housework; neat young girl
Wants a place to assist and sleep home. At
MISS H. CULLINAN'S Employment Bureau,
223 Sutter et. ; phone Main 661. -
WANTED— Gardener and wife. $50; 6 laborers.
$1 75 day; 4 drillers, $2 day; boy to learn
blacksmith trade; 10 woodchoppers, 80c to $2 75
cord; 15 R.R. tlemakers, 10 and 12c; black-
smith and machinist for band sawmill; tally
man for mill. $35 and board; 10 woodsmen.
$1 25 to $2 day; fruit farmer, $250 year, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st
LOST AND FOUND.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 414H O'Farrell St.: tel. Eaiit 42*.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
ORPHEUM EmploymenuOfflee— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
WE always advise to buy a Decker or Packard
when you want the best MA.UVAI3, 7»
Market st
CHAS LEVY buys xour furniture, carpets,
piano. 1186 Market st; telephone Jessie 761.
GOOD small-slsed upright to-day for $150 at
MAUVAIS', 763 Market st
HOUSES and roams wanted
CITY RENTING CO.. 631 Market st
FURNITURE WASTED.
HOUSES WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
offlce; best help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas. Aramorl, 8064 Stockton: tel. John 2121.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment offlce; established over five' years.
421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
FOR sale— Furniture of 3 housekeeping rooms;
bargain; nicely furnished; rent whole house
if desired. 309 Hyde, from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Offlce furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. • Black 4354.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
WANTED :
Cook and wife for mine, good steady place.
$50
second cook for mine $40
assistant dairyman for institution, near city
'. $25 per month and found
dairyman, small private dairy $25
5 two-horse ranch teamsters, near city, $20
and $26 and board
2 milkers $25 and $30
2 laborers for mine, good steady Job, $26, and
board
middle-aged night clerk, city house, $30 per
month
blacksmith's helper $160 per day
man to milk 10 cows and chore on ranch,
near, city, $25 and board
...: also
waiter, country hotel $30
waiter for institution in city, $5 per week and
found; and others.
W. D. EWER ft CO.. €10 Clay at.
BIRCH AYE.. 6—4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished. ""
WANTED— SSOOO on Ist mortni* at lowest rat*.
Address W. Danville, Contra Costa, Co.. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall:
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
MONET WANTED.
A. M. SPECK A CO.. 887 MARKET ST.
2033 Howard: 10 r.527 50! 1345 Howard; • rra*.tt9
2111 Hyde; 12 r00m5.. 530 1 2937 California: a r..slS
CLASSES In German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
FOR « months ; comfortably furnished modern
flat; choice location; rent $65, piano included.
Call between 10 and 4: no young children;
references, required. 1623 Sacramento st. ¦
A— PRINTED list: house* to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN ft CO.. 14 Montgomery.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
HOUSES TO LET.
TO salaried men. without collateral or iadorser;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency, 148 Phelan building.
CIVIL service coaching: day. evening. San
Francisco Business College. 1256 Market at
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. ttt Parrott build-
ing 11 — Men caa secure loans on personal note.
$22$— LODGING-HOUSE. U rooms, tor sale;
bargain. 130 Second at: no agent*.
A— COOKS, tailors, bakers and laundry help.
Baker, country shop, 140 and found; fourth
hand, - $25 and found ; coatmaker. pantsmaker,
buahelman, $15 week
9 cooks $50. $45. $40. $35. $30 and found
7 waiters. $35. $30, $25. $20 and found;
dishwashers. Ironers. waiters; man, delicacy
store. $40 and found. MURRAY ft READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
NINETEENTH, 8»M. near Noe—Lovely •unny
lower 5- room flat, with room on porch; $18;
water free.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
FLATS TO LET.
FARMS. DAIRIES. CHOREMEN, STABLES.
36 milkers $30, $25 and found
43 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $26, $25,
$20 and found; 6 pruners, vineyard, $3 per
1000; 16 choremen and boys.. s2o, $15. $10 and fd.
4 stablemen, city and country ."
..$3O, $25, $22 and found
5 buttermakers... $80 and found
8 men for Drivate residences.... s2o and found
2 gardeners; man for Institution
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission; vlolin.gultar.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
A— MINERS, carpenters, blacksmiths, etc
3 hard rock miners : $75
4 house, 3 bridge carpenters, $5, $4, $2 50 day;
blacksmith, country shop. $2 60 day: drillers,
MURRAY A RBADY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale at a bargain: house
of 22 rooms will sell for $200 cash; must be
sold this week; rent $S5; no agents. Call at
860 Howard st, between 1 and 2 o'clock.
AT 126 Kearny st. room ». respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 996.
ON REAL estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and oa
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER A CO.. 28 Montgomery.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9p. m. ¦
MARION GRD7FIN. 719 Market, nr* CaH bldg.
43 rma. ; 2 floors: good Investment: Al location.
10 rms.; rent $35: 4 blk. N. of Mkt: fu11.5375
14 rooms; l ( blk. N. of Mkt: money maker. 300
14 rooms; qor. ; sunny; Al location 700
17 rooms; all well rented; good house — 675
7 rooms; good location; N. of Market 175
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 PoweU st
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431
California st
HEALD'S Business College. i 4 Post st.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining «ngln-
eerlng. etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech.,
survey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day and eve.:
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933
Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HONEST Japanese boy of good habits wants
a situation at housework. 8. F., care J. 1.
M. C. A., 121 Haight st. *¦¦ - ¦" ¦¦
POSITION as bookkeeper or other clerical
work. Address 142 Colllngwood st.- -
SITUATION wanted by a first -class German
gardener; can take care of horses. Box 3926,
. Call dfflce.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit
MACHINIST "and engineer wants position;
moderate wages. Box 3983. Call offlce.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/5....104 GEARY ST.
6 coal miners, $2 50 a day; 2 quartz miners,
$2 50 a day; 10 farmers, different ranches, $20
and $25 and board; 2 farmers, same ranch,
$25 and free fare, see boss here; 6 farmers for
an orchard, $20; 3 milkers, $25
2 oystermen, city, $30 and $40; pantryman,
hotel. $25; vegetableman, $20, and pot washer.
$20, for springs hotel night porter, country
hotel, $20; 6 waiters, hotels, $25 to $35. C.-R.
HANSEN & CO., 104. Geary st.
200 HORSES 1000 to 1400 pounds. 30 head 1200 to
1800 pounds, unbroken, at the Canty Ranch.
Grayson. Cal.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, FiUmore—
Advice and medicine 76e; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated; dogs. boarded. Tel. West 636.
ANY proposition, any amount: « per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgaees; confidential: advice free. O E.
OLSEN room 16. first floor. Chronlcie bldg.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
DOG HOSPITAL.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MONET TO LOAN.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School ;. sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages undivided Interest real estate In pro-
bate- mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
' lay get my terms before doing business else-
where R. McCOLGAN. S4 Montgomery, r. t.
B. F. Dressmaking, Ladlea' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught 305 Van Ness.
60 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market . st, bet Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
BARBER with 1 year's experience wtanes
steady work. Address box 3921. Call office.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet Dentist. 605 G. G. ay.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 84« Market
St.; tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Thirds st
6 PER cent and up on second mortgages, un-
divided Interests, estates and elaimsln pro-
bate and monthly rents. A. M. SPECK*
CO.. 667 Market St. ; .
SHAMPOOER for springs, $35 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
MOST reliable place !to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
A— MURRAY & READY... PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WANT. TO- DAY, 7 A. .M. ...'..
27 laborers, teamsters, city. Jobs. J3O and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
CHINESE, experience*, first-class cook, wishes
position; hotel, boarding or family; Eood ref-
erences; satisfaction. 116 Prospect place, bet.
Stockton and Powell.: P. M. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reeelved at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done; superior post-
graduate course: rapid calculations. TARR.
expert accountant Flood building. •
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
service: money direct; lowest lnterest\ Rooms
(8 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
$700— LODGING house: newly furnished: Stxth
St., near Folsom; 38 rooms: rent $90; good
chance. City Renting Co.. 632 Market st
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
$200—11 ROOMS; near Market; all rented;
must sell. BASILE, 8 Eddy st
$30 TO $56,009; lowest rates; Ist and 3d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 418 Montgomery.
I ROOMS and bath: sunny corner: new furni-
t ure for sale at bargain. 239 Golden Gate ay*.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ROOMING house of 24 rooms for sal* cheap;
aocount of going East. 640 Howard st
IF your property is mortgaged and you nee«
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. (th.
VALENCIA, 1306— T0 let, 6-room flat; modern;
J large front rooms with bay windows: rent
120 month. Inquire on premises or to MADI-
SON ft BURKE.
TO let— A pleasant sunny house. 7 rooms. S3BS
Twenty-first st.. near Guerrero.
LARGEST and most complete stock of SHEET
MUSIC at HALF PRICE at MAUVAI3'. 7M
Market St.
TO nice couple without children, six months,
furnished home, lawn four aides; $55. Apply
premises, 3020 Washington st
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
WE prepay freight to any part «f the Stat* oa
all Dlanoa sold for cash; our price* will aa-
lonian you. they are so low. ZEXO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.. 8. T.
LOANS OX PERSONAL PROPERTY.
LOANS to salaried people: personal security
only. TOUSLEY. 321 Parrott bulldtnr.
WANTED— Experienced lady agent for city to
introduce attractive and useful novelty : .first-
class proposition. HARMON. 138 A Fourth st
ARE you In need of a piano? We have a large
assortment of new and second-hand piano* of
the best makers; sold for cash or very easy
payments; $6 down and $6 per month for an
elegant new upright; some good planes for
$3. $1 and $5 per month.- SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. Steinway dealer*, cor. Sutter and
Kearny sts., San Francisco; cor. Thlrteentli
and Broadway. Oakland.
AGENTS— Contra Costa. Alameda, San Joaquin
and Stanislaus; money In this; investigate.
-CLARK, 751 Nineteenth si.. Oakland.
AGENTS— Want managing agent for Fresno.
Tulare. Kern and Kincs counties: money in
this. HERRICK. 1417 Brush st, Oakland.Cal.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicaxo is KOHLER * CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st: piano*, organs and
all other musical Instruments of ail grade*
and prices: terms easy; price* lowest; every-
thing possible done to pleaae and satisfy tb«
customer. ¦>
KNABE pianos: new scale: new style*. KOH-
LER & CHASE. $0 CFarrell at
LOST — On March 6, about 3 a, m., fox terrier:
black head, white stripe. down the center:
black spot on right side. Return to 14 Eddy
St.; liberal reward.
20 HIGH-GRADE new uprights stored with
ns from factory will be sold at factory price*
on Installments or cheap for cash. WIL-
SON'S Storage, 1719 Market st.
ON 1:15 narrow-gauge train Saturday, dark-
brown fur tippet. Reward at 237 Perry st.
Piedmont, Oakland. . •
REFINED Christian woman, good cook and
housekeeper, wants a situation with plain
country people; seaside town preferred. .5 Call
or address 625 Vi Larkln st, third floor.
LOST— Sunday evening, a dog, half Eskimo,
half spitz: reward. 2116 Sutter st.
IN first-class condition— Martin guitar. Wash-
burn mandolin and lady's one-karat solitaire
diamond ring; will sell for one-third, their
actual cost Room 1008. Call bldg., tenth floor.
WANTED — Live man to handle good selling:
line of tailoring samples; city or country.
TAILORS, 335 Bush St.
COMPETENT dressmaker; tl 60; good fitter:
cuts by tailor system; suits made over; quick
worker. 4441 Twentieth at, near Eureka,
GOLD pencil, valued as gift. Return to 139
Larkin st. ; liberal reward.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st
SINGLE man for driving a delivery wagon and
take care of horses. Inquire Pacific Nursery,
cor. Lombard and Baker sts.
YOUNG woman wants a position as chamber-
maid and seamstress or upstairs work. 470
Fourteenth st.
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Franr-lsco. in
the name of MARY C. WALWORTH. No.
94-318. The finder will please return to bank.
WANTED — Good German grocery clerk. Corner
Pacific and Larkln fits.
A— sso; FINE piano in good condition; $500 up-
right sacrificed; owner going East Room M.
Flood building.
COMPETENT salesman; good lay to energetic
man. Box 3997. Call offlce.
AMERICAN boy wanted in offlce; age la to 20
years; fair penman only. Address box 4401,
Call offlce. .
WOMAN wishes situation to do chamber work
or housework In city or country. 770 Harrison.
WANTED — Man to cook and wash dishes at
Olympic Cafe, 44 Stockton st ¦•!.•» -• -..
REFINED young girl desires upstairs work.
Address box 3995, Call offlce.
PANTSMAKER for country. AppJy REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. >
BOY wanted: $3 week. 1511 Market at. Call »
o'clock a. m.
WANTED— WaIter at the Golden West Hotel.
6S-76 Ellis at."
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
home; consultation free; success guaranteed.
Write or rail at 1023^ Market st
FINE Fischer & Steinway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st
YOUNG German waiter wanted: state refer-
ences. Box 3986. Call offlce.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S, 216 McAllister st.
SITUATION wanted by a competent, trust-
worthy woman to do any kind of light house-
work by the day, or would take care of chil-
dren; will work reasonable. Box 3974, Call.
NEAT young girl; light housework; $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
DR. NG TOY KFE. late of Canton. China,
tea and herb sanitarium, 704 Sacramento st..
corner of Kearny; all diseases and aliments
cured exclusively by Chinese herb* and teas;
advice free; offlce hours. 10 a, m. to 12 m. ;
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
BAROAIJ?— Good upright: cheap. 9CHMITZ.
18 McAllister st. next Hlbernla Bank.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
CaH. corner cf Market and Third streets, open
cntll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:39 p. ra.
SOO Hares rtreet: open until 9:39 p. m.
O9 McAllister street: epen until »:W p. m.
tn Larkin street; open until t:3O p. m.
2541 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street comer Sixteenth; open
cntll J p. m.
106 Eleventh street: epen until t p. tn.
ITO6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
12T3 Polk street; open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until t p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT Moriali Lodge No. 44. F. and A. ¦
M.— Stated meeting THIS <WEDNES-_J\_
I>AY> EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. AlsoTKlT
third degn-e. ' *
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lo<sce No. 129. F. and A. N
M— Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES-^J?*
DAY) EVENING. F"t,ruary '. at -30} CX
o'clock. H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. /^r>
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. m
M.-Stated mwtlng THIS OVEDNES-.Jk.
]'AYi EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. jLJt
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary. r^r *
EXCELFIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A, *>
M— Special meeting THIS DAY Jk
(¦Wednesday), at 1:20 o'clock p. m.. for JKjf
the purpose of conducting the funeral r*r*
of our late brother, EDWARD TAYLOR
ANTHONY. Friends are respectfully invited.
By order of the Master.
THEO. E. EMTTH. Secretary.
PIONEERS— The mem- _ .^nGX^Ssr^
ben cf the Society of fA^\imJ\fShmS\k
California Pioneers are /tflat frsa; JifctasV
requested to attend the %sw*CMB|HWpBB
PERKINS, from* Pio- "^^^
neer Hall. Fourth et.. on WEDNESDAY.
March 7, at 2 p. m.
JOHN F. PINKHAM. MarihaL
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— Offl-
errs and members cf this society are ||3jt*3
hereby notified to attend your quar- Sifjg?
terly m^t-tln* on WEDNESDAY rfiUb
EVENING. March 7. at 8 o'clock ¦»•
r harp. By order of
J. L. RADOVTCH. President
AUG. MIKULICH, Recording Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual •4^9"
meeting of the stockholders in the A.
O. F. Hall Association of Fan Fran- Jt\
Cisco will be held In Excelsior Hall. A. «->
O. F. building. 102 O'Farrell st.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on SATURDAY, the 10th. day of
March, BML at 7:30 p. m.
D. E. BESECKER, President.
J. FALCONER. Secretary.
AJSTROLOGV.
PPOF. A MASERI of Erypt. greatest astrolo-
rist and palmist In the world: satisf action
ruaranteeij. 457 Golden Gate are.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
r.o fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market oor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W- DAVIDSON. S>27 Market st. opp. Mason.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
sumed practice at 603 Cal. st.. Clunle bldg.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckeis bldg.. tn Mar-
ket rt.: consultancy free; no fees In advance.
BATH CABINETS THERMAL.
ROBINSON 35 4-panel folding; see It before
buying. W. S. BROWN, Coast Agt., 426 Ellis.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN would like room and board in
private family. Box 3934. Call offlce.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A CHILD to cafe for: mother's care given.
Inquire 1003 Washington st.
WANTED— I or 2 children to beard In German
family; b»-«t care. 439 Minna, st
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Hrvlmw Rook Co.. 7M Ml»«>nn «t.. near Third.
UOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
CHILDREN'S chocs. neat and good, special.. 6sc
Ladles' lace or button shoes, special tl 00
X pair m-D't shoes, all sizes, special $1 15
People's Shoe Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Br"dw'y.
too PAIRS drummers' Eample shoes at manu-
facturer's cost. J. Kohlbecher. 145 Fourth st.
BUSINESS CUANCES.
X— ss<X): SALOON and lunchhause; between fac- I
torie* and lumber yarde; daily receipts $15;
rent $>; a Fnap. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— ?:7.j>; FIRST-CLASS paying corner grocery
and bar on Turk et. ; place established many
years: stock all fresh: good horse and wagon;
i living moms; rent $50. Call R. G. WILKE.
1-06 Market Et.
A— tTuC— CORNER grocery and bar on Sutter
St.. w:th 3 living-rooms and bath; rent $25;
poud paying bucine*s. Call R. G. WILKE,
Sh'h: Murket «t.
A— s4so; SALOON. Kearny St.. close to Prescott
Hou»: splendid paying plac«; low rent: owner
leaves for Nome. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— sK.C>; CORNER grocery and bar: living
room; rent $15; very beat location on Twenty-
pecoi.il St.; stock will Invoice $700: rare bar-
train. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A $1600 GROCERY rtore ; in best location in the
Mlstion; 3 living rooms; bath; rent $20; a
rare chance for good paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. room 3. %06 Market at
A— s-50; RESTAURANT and chop hous* on
Stockton st; establ. many years and clearing
above ?150 per month. Call room S, 906 Mar-
ket rt. R. G. WILKE. .
A— s3ooo— Sj ROOM hotel with first-class paying
saloon; close to the ferries depot on the wa-
ter front; house always crowded and known
on both sides of the Pacific. Call R. G.
WILKE. »06 Market st. room 8.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. 539H California st, room 1.
$<OO— SALOON with 2 living rooms; fine trade.
Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal. 639 ft Cali-
fornia et.. room 1..
BARGAIN — Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealer** Journal. SS»\i California ft., room 1.
$2500 — BLACKSMITH and wapon business In
prosperous count ry town; buildings; two lots
and private dwelling Included; established 30
years; part cash if desired. MCLAUGHLIN
' & CO.. 777* i Market st.
$<*>0— SALOON; central: private rooms: paying
bus. ; bargain. McLaughlln & Co., 777Vfc Mkt.
$22.>— BRANCH bakery; elegant fixtures; Post
St.; $15 dally. KREDO fc CO.. 22'j Geary st
jnnf I—RARE1 — RARE opportunity: worth $2000; clears
$2^) month: trial. KREDO 4 CO.. 22»i Geary.
j2V>— MEAT market: receipts $WK» month: good
horse, wagon; rash business. Kredo. 22Vi Geary.
A— PARTNER with $5000 cash or property; good
business; experience unnecessary: monopoly.
Pac. States Realty Co., X2O Emporium bide.
BUTCHER shop; big trade; $440; worth $1000;
horse, wagon, cash register; all complete.
Pacific . v ;at< « Realty Co.. r. 320 Emporium.
320G— RESTAURANT; seats 40 people; worth
TWO. For bargains see CHISEL & CO.. 79 3d.
PARTNER In legitimate business; small capi-
tal; make good wages. Apply 79 Third st.
t22>— PARTNER In good paying saloon; half
cash. 7* Third st.
FINE saloon; complete; cheap rent; great bar-
galn; Kg!. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st
PORKER grocery; best in city; great sacrifice.
CQWING & CO.. 719 Market st
BRANCH bakery, stationery, etc: receipts $10
dally; price $3.V>. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Mkt-
6TATIONERY, notion*, books, etc.: 3 lixing
rms.; snap; see It Winston & Co.. 1026 Mrkt
FOR SALK— One of the best-known restaurants
in Kan Francisco; doing a business of over
JlOO j>er day; owner desirous of leaving the
city. For further particulars address. L. 8.,
box 4252. Cal: offlce.
RESTAURANT for sale In business part of
city; no nieht or Sunday trade .unless de-
sired: excellent busineps for man' and wife.
Address box 3356. Call office.
FOR rale— Good paying dairy and delicacy
store: small milk route: good location; cash
trade: great bargain; departure. Address box
_4TSI. Call.
1200— PARTNER wanted; man willing to work
can make good wage*. Apply to J. E. SLIN-
KEY & CO.. £77 Market et.; entrance 1 Fifth.
GROCERY business, stock and fixtures: as a
whole or will move stock. Box 2721, Call of-
flce, Oakland. . ,-,. Si . - ¦
CIGAR store to-let. £15 Sixth street.
$300— PARTNER in Jeritlmate manufacturing
business. Address box 3998, Call office.
SG — GOOD repair shop; lasts; machine stock;
flue trade; rii.-ari rent 2106 Flllmore st.
jl2s— RESTAURANT for eale; good location.
I>. McKAE. 743 Mission st ' .
$75— BRANCH bakery and candy store, with
living rooms. tZS Third Ft
NEW takery or laundry; 3-can milk wagon; 2-
teated spring wagon; 3 grocery or delivery
wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
ROUTK cf (44 papers on this paper for utl*.
Bex «. Oakland Pottc.TJc*
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
PROMOTER.""
Good backing; will finance or organUe re-
liable rallwsy. mining or Industrial enter-
prises;- charters furnished. Address confl-
dentUHy box 1283. Call office. ¦ ¦ •
$700— SELECT rooming house; 9 rooms; all full:
elegantly furnished; all new and clean; will
bear investigation. 437 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG man, 27, desires permanent position as
night man, hotel or restaurant: reference and
security. Address box 3958. Call offlce.
BRANCH bakery and lunch room, with or
without furniture; cheap: good business;
leaving city. Box 3978. Call offlce.
BARBER shop for sale In a mountain town:
25c shavlnc; eood opportunity. Inquire of
BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
$100 WlLtTbuy good paying business If sold
this- week: rent $15: store and living-room.
Apply 1005 Larkln st. •'
FOR Sale— Good paying restaurant, near the.
water front; rent paid till March 10. Inquire
at 12 Washington Et. ;
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap; e\-ery-
thlng In first-class order. Address box 3381,
Call orflce.
SMOKEHOUSE for sale; also horse, wagon
and harness. Apply 907 Point Lobos aye.; no
agents. .
6ALOON in business center: for sale on ac-
count of death. Address box 3985, Call offlce.
FOR SALE— Grocery, fruit and vegetable store.
Apply at 236 Ninth st> ¦ ¦
RESTAURANT for sale or rent; 155 Fourth it
Apply 2H Natoma st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
shoeing buslnesa; 16 years present location;
cheap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
PARTNER wanted, good paying business, for
fairs and picnics; investment $50. Call at 14
Langton. bet. Howard and Folsom, forenoon.
$300— HOME bakery; portable oven; 7 barrels
weekly. 331 Sixth st, liquor store.
GOOD chance for carpenter with small capital.
Apply at 127 Turk st.
TO let— Cafe privileges at Lurllne Baths. Bush
and Larkln sts. Apply on premises.
GOOD coal yard for rent cheap. 2101 Central
aye.. Alameda. * ¦
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL ft CO.. 412 Sacramento st."
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW ft 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts ft har-
nesE. wk ft driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st: tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr. BS-40 Bth st; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
ID Stevenson st: tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MiTCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. £40 14th
st: cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleantng Co.. 402 Sutter at:
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone Kast 126.
Spiritualism.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
m-onderful woman. Consultation by mail ia
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061
Eeventh aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B. — Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
iret off at Clinton Station, 2d station from
Broadway.
MRS. ROBINSON, 164S Market St., opp. Tenth;
sittings dally; clr. Monday eve.. Frl. 2 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. GORDON, psychometrlst, 12 years' ex-
perience; readings and advice, from 1 to 9 p.
m. daily: Sundays and Wednesdays excepted;
terms, ladles 60c, rentlemen $1. 11SH Fulton.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, 1104 Market: trance,
test business medium; life reader; also medl-
rsl clairvoyant: stamp for circular: sittings sL
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
forunte teller; gives best advice in difficult
matters. Removed to 19 Fulton st.. nr. Larkln.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader and palmist: all you
seek to know answered without questions; read-
lr.es this week 25c and 50c. 942 Mission st. -
DINSMORE. the celebrated clairvoyant, will
hold farewell test seance Friday evening;
don't fall to attend. 218 Eddy st
MRS. MEYER. Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister;
tests to all to-night; Thur.. Fri.. Sat. eve., 10c.
ARNOLD DICKSON. give everybody tests to-
night; 10c; sittings, 25c, M)c. J4B Sixth, room 1.
MME. MOUEAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st, near Mission.
MEDA HOSKINS, 1423 Mkt, bet. 10th ft 11th;
clr. Tues. 8 p. m.,Thur. 2 p. m., 25c; sit daily.
YOUR future told by cards; satisf action guar-
anteed. 1421 Mission; 25c.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
CATHERINE DEANE. scientific life and card
reader. 389 Howard st, cor. Sixth, offlce 22.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st Is the original
gypsy life reader: readings 25c.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer,
330 Ellis st: circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant enrd reader;
sittings daily. 212H Sixth st
YOUR futur>» told by cards. 25c 844 Howard
St.. 10 a m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. ELLlS— Tests to all; circle Tues.. Fri., 2
p. m.: Mon.. 81 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia;
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up.. 5 Fourth at
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st
A WEFK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COLLECTION . OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 'J27 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
6-ROOM ccttage; 23% Morris aye.. bet. Harrl-
aon and Bryant nr. Cth: key next door. N0.23.
lifivnsTs. '
A— Dr7"t. Is' m^GlNS T^elitaT' parloii, 937
Market st, over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure gold. fillings
from «1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 £0 üb; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL Bet of teeth on a rubber . plate, $5 a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $26; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth at.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLI.VTC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
flce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
prises; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver, 10c; painless extraction. 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLITM HILL. 1443 Market st, near
Kleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given. ¦
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full m-t cf teeth. J4: crown*. $3: fillings, 25c.
GUARANTEED dentistry: $1 week; we refer to
6000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Sixth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings . and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.*- -,'- ¦* ;
SET of teeth without plate. DR.:. H. . O.
YOUNG, JS4I Polk st : v „,.•:*,'..-
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
YOUNG girl, nurse, $15; also girl for house-
work. $15. same house. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
YOUNG girl wants a position to do general
housework; wages $15 to $18. Call at 743
FolFom st.
GENERAL blacksmith and horseshoer In coun-
try. Apply 3100 Folsom st
SUPKRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
EXPERIENCED French girl, first-clan* cook,
wishes a situation; city or country. 1311
Jackson st. ; upstairs.
WANTED by wholesale house — Experienced en-
try clerk who understands bookkeeping; reply
In own handwriting, stating references. -. Box
4283. Call offlce.
t GIRLS \o sew buttons on, shirt waists.
• BAUER BROS, ft CO., 21 Sansome at
WANTED— Dishwasher at Park Hotel. 1830
Haight st. Call at 6 o'clock.
BARBER wanted: 2 years' experience. Enter-
prise Hotel. Sixteenth and Folsom sts.
BOY wanted to learn harness trade. 2440 Cali-
fornia st
WANTED— A girl to assist in tailoring-. 238
Ellis st.
WOMAN would like any kind of work by the
day. Call or address MRS. ROBERTS, lift
Washington aye., bet. Ninth and Tenth sts.
GOOD barber. 1073 Market St.. near Seventh.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 8. 616 Geary, nr. Jonea.
COOK and assist housework; good wages. 2307
Broadway, near Fillmore.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. IUS Market
St.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
COOK wanted at ' once. 1504 Kentucky at,
REIDY'S Hotel.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in confinement 1312 Golden Gate aye.
WOMAN wishes situation in restaurant to
assist in kitchen or lunch work. Call 572
O'Farrell st.
NEAT young girl; care of child and assist in
housework; $8 to $10. 944 Geary st .
FIRST-CLASS trimmer; local millinery store;
good salary; long season. Box 4404. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to .$«
week, convenient and respectable; free .'bus
anil bacsrasre to and from ferry. - *
FIRST-CLASS vestmaker. 8% Antonio at. be-
tween Ellis and O'Farrell, off Jones.
WANTED — 2 lunch waiters in coffee house at
517 Montgomery st " • ' ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore St.
GIRL for light housework: plain cooking; 3 in
family; wages $12. 426 Frederick st.-- .¦
TRAVELING salesman on salary. Box 4280,
Call offlce. .-*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted alter this date by mv wife. ELLEN
MULLAN. JOHN MULLAN, 515 Folsom et.
CHRISTIAN man around place; light work,
small wages, good home. 3900 Broadway.
Oakland. . -
WANTED — A man to carry out trade from 2 to
5 In the morning; wages $12. : Apply at Pio-
neer Bakery, corner of Clay and Mason sts. |
GIRLS WANTED. "
To work on shirts: beginners taught LEVI
STRAUSS ft CO.. 36V* Fremont at.; elevator.
GOOD kitchen woman. Call early 416 ft Ellis
street.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 2777 Twenty-
fourth st.
WANTED— Working housekeeper; ' family of
father and son. 630 Eighth st. Oakland.
FOR SALE— Beautiful 2-karat perfect diamond,
at bargain. 14 Fifth st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 flre and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42. Main st
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st, near Market: 10* rooms;
25c to $1 50 per nlghl ; $1 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca Is a harmless hair
tonic. Ssc a bot: Lederer's Foamo Shampoo
cleans the scalp. 5c pkg. G. Lederer. 123 Stktn.
WANTED— Ex-Spanish soldiers of good ad-
dress; good pay to the right men. Apply
GEORGE PATTISON, 630 Market St. .
AT auction prices: i Wllkerson chairs. S elec-
. trie engines, laboratory and furniture of cor-
ner dental offlce: actual receipts over $300
monthly. Address Dentist, box 3964, CalL
WANTED— First-class cloak and suit fitter.
Apply at E. Messager's, 145 Post at. V
TAIL6RS wanted for sitting room; every con-
venience. 411H Kearny st, top floor.
GOOD hand on vests button holes. Room 91,
St Anne's bldg. 6 Eddy st.
BARBERS— Complete 3-chalr outfit at a bar-
gain. 911" Larkln. st. . ' . '. ,
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED— First-class skirtmaker. VERDIER,
Ladles' Tailor, 944 Geary st. .' ¦
GERMAN man and wife wish position* on a
ranch. 318 Minna st.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats, n. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st
GOOD, sober, trustworthy man wants position
in private family; understands . garden,
horses, can milk, handy with tools. Address
box 3?75. Call offlce. .
W. E. LANE, phone Main 315.- 60S California,
. st; everybody's plumber.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2220 FiUmore.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
HAVE you real estate In the Mission or Hor-
ner'i Addition that you wish to dlsnoee of
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California it
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at : open till 9 p. m. ""---•'*--¦ ' - ¦¦¦'¦
WANTED— IOO men .to try our : 15c breakfast,
.dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44. Third st. near Mar-
ket ;. 700 ' rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
.'bus and baggage to and from, the ferry. '
IF you have lots In Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly then
call on W. J. CU.VX. 530 California, st.
MODERN fiats— ssBoo: containing 5 and » room*
each; highly decorated and finished with all
modern conveniences: (31 Waller st. on*
block from Hairht and Pierce; easy terms.
F. NELSON. Builder.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 V*-
• lencla st. ¦ : ¦'- ¦' ¦¦¦-.;-' ¦¦"¦¦, ¦¦¦.• . ¦ -'„" -..
WANTED— Operators on coats. ' 723 Market st,
room 29. ' \ - , :
FIRBT-CLABS bootblack. > 228 I Montgomery at.
10DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Ulant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend,' No. 15, of ; seventy-
five cents 073«) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company has-been declared,
payable at the office of the company. 430 Call,
ferr.ia «t.. San Francisco, on March 10, 1900..
Transfer ¦ books close March 3. 1900, at noon. 1
• A. A. SPARKS. Secretary. ;
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions hac been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; cpen until * p. m.
Time— V« :12V4; %, :«S; H. l:03'A; %. 1:80; mile, 1:43V4; lHm, 1:57. - Good start. Won first three
driving Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's br. g., by Imp. Pirate of Penzance-Miss .Thomas. Only,
his class ln slushy going landed Malay first. He is not good at present. Uarda ran a nice
race' Tappan is away out of tune. Ootobed twice cut off; - ¦
NATOMA,r»4, near Fourth— 2 front furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink and closet.
GOLDEN OATB aye.. Ill— Larr* furnished
room and kitchen for light hom-keeplng; bath
and sm«: references: 815 only.
TO HOME SEEKERS.
We have near completion a number of houses
and cottages, which are located in the best resi-
dence portions of the city, combining all the
features and ideas of construction and skilled
labor that could mske an ideal home; plans can
be seen at our office; terms easy.
J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
ELLIS. W3— Three rooms unfurnished ln rear
house; rent 110.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. . In Effect San Ftanclscx
-I October I*.
Week Bun- li 9*. Sun- Week
Days.- days'. Destination, days. Days.
7:30 am »;C0 am Novato. 19:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm >:S0 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 8:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm t:2i pra
• , ¦ ' Fulton. • • ¦
T:» am Windsor. • 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
1 . Lytton. "
1 • Geyservllle,
1:80 pm 3:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:22 pra
7:30 ami IHopland and I I
r |S:o»am! Uklah. | 7:33 pm| 6:23 pra
7:30 am ¦ ' ' .-*'• ' 10:11 am
1:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:80 pm .. • ¦ 6:2 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:10 an»
¦ -i ¦ ' and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sebaatopo!. j 10: V> am 110: 25 art
tJOpial t-:oOpm| .- '} 7:35 pm| 6:22 pra
Jit-iyy— FINE -20-acre ranch; level garden land;
cood houfe; barn full of hay; fine horse,
buggy: 100 chickens and farming tools, etc.;
fare We: half mile to station.
fZZQO— Fine, highly Improved. UO-acre farm;
cood 8-room house and outbuildings: all ln
grain: fare 60c; cheap at $5000.
$1000— SS-acre place; 8 acres bearing trees
end viri's; buildings, spring; fine timber;
worth t2COO; (-old on account of death.
fSOO— 4V» acres. Improved place at depot,
ganta Crux Mountains; a beautiful resort;
Grst one gets It.
tlSO— Nice 10-acre home, on R. R.; nice land;
•cmc oak trees: payable tlO a menth.
WESTERN LAND CO., 640 Market it.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN RT. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
- ..,- ; ' ''; RAILWAY COMPANY.*
Tlburon F*"y. Foot of Market SL
•SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
•WEEK DAY3— 7:3O, . 9:00, 11:W a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, «:S» p. m. ' Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:Qt>. S-.30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:39,
6:00, 1:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DATS— «:IO; 7:50. »:2f>. 11:10 a. m.: 11:4*,
8:40, J:10 p.- •m. V Saturdays— Extra, trtpe ]at
l:5o and 6:35 p. m. -
BUNDAYS— B:IO. »:40. ll;10 a. nu; 1:40. J:4O. 8:05.
6:25.p..m. . -• .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. ... — . -
CNLY A FEW LEFT.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
On very easy payments; choice lots ln the
1 .'<&. recently subdivided, bounded by H and
3 sta.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes.; right
en the Park and the new Nlneteenth-ave. bou-
levard; most of the lots already sold; balance
}¦• -jr.<s to sell quickly: fine Investments; good
bunding* lets; all ready: lots on official grade;
piacadamlzed; water pipes laid; plank side-
walk*: 6 per cent Interest only.
PEE THE HOUSES NOW BUTLOINO— TOUR
OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes: eleo-
"Lrtc cars x pass the property; see this block at
one«; go to our branch office to-day, cor. H
«t. and Ninth aye.: price lists, etc.. there or at
pur offioe. BTLDWIN & HOWELL,
Is Montgomery sL
ARRIVED.
¦ Tuesday, March *.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson. 42 hours from Port
Los Ansetes. _
Stmr Senator. Patterson, 70 hours from Se-
Stmr Columbia. Doran. 61% hours from Port
land, via Astoria 46 hours.
Stmr South Portland. Hall. 11l hours from
Oyster Harbor. „ '
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, Tt hours from JNew-
Crescent City. . Stockfleth. 86 hoars from
ifr^shlp Tinto Hall, Docherty, 164 days from
Hull, via South Shields 135 days. -
Schr Daisy Rowe,. Nyman, 7 days from Coos
Pay " - ¦•. - . » , - , -
Schr Gotama, Johannaen, 7 days from Coca
TJ a y ....
Schr Conflanza, Cnristensen. 7 days from Co-,
qullle River. _ '
Schr Coqullle, Pearson, 7. days from Coqullle
River. : . ¦ ¦ '• ¦
Schr Eva, Ramsellus, 15 days from Hana.
CLEARED.
' -. .... i Tuesday, March 8.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, Eureka; Chas Nel
son. . • .
Stmr St Paul, Haye. Unalaska, via Che
malnus and Port Townsend: Alaska Commer-
Whallng stmr Belvedere. Devoll. whaling;
Wm Lewis. • •
Br ship Kelburn, Jones. Queenstpwn; Glrvln
& Eyre. • ¦ ¦ •
Haw bark Diamond Head, Morehouse, Hono
lulu; Williams, Dlmond & Co.
Brig Pltcalrn. ' Nesbitt, Cape Nome;- W E
N*sbltt-:V:N * sbItt -:V: sailed/ ¦..:
¦ . .• • ¦ " • Tuesday, March t,
, Stmr Oeo Loomls, Brldgett, Ventura. -'
" Stmr' Alex Duncan; Nopander,- .
' Stmr Pomona, Alexander, San Diego. .'
Stmr .Mackinaw, Llttlefield, Seattle. \r
Stmr St Paul. - Haye.- Unalaska, via Che
malnus. „ • '
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz. • -
• Stmr Albion.* Ericsson, — ¦*.' '<" " •
Stmr Matteawan. Croscup, Tacoma. •
Scbr Alice Francis.. Wallstedt, Seattle.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT BOBOS, March 8. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SE, velocity 18 miles. •
SPOKEN.
Feb 4 lat 26 S. lon 41 W— Ship James Drum
mond, from Philadelphia, for Port Los Ange-
Feb 6, .1 at 29 S, lon' 40 W— Ship' Luzon, from
New York, for Honolulu. '• ' - •
Feb 6, lat 5 N, lon 28 W— Ger bark H Hack
feld, hence Oct 22, for Lelth.
Feb 28. lat 49 N. lon 6 W— Br ship Crown of
India, from Shields, for San Francisco... i ¦
Per ship Tlnto Hill— Deo 27. off Cape Horn,
>WIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
tOM — Octavla at., near Broadway; two-story
Yerldence of C rooms and bath; lot Xtxl37:S;
r*nts $45.
BUSINESS CORJCERS AND RESIDENCE
Er.tlrs block, bounded by Folsom st.. Treat
aye.. 13th and 14th sts.. being offered ln subdi-
visions: call at office and get diagrams; JISOO
»nd • upward.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
S7o.OOo— Close to Third and Howard |U.; part-
ly Jnsjroved; will pay 6 per cent net; large lot,
1 i ¦ x •¦ . double frontace.
AN OFFER WANTED,
$TX(V-R!tch St.; 5 fiats: rents J42 50; lot 22xS0.
|SsC>o— Teharr.a et., near Third: 8 tenements;
rents JT6; let SCxSO.
RESIDENCE PROPERTT.
$7500 each— Facing Jefferson square on Laguna
»v.; Epecial c£erlng of several choice residences;
yet ¦-.. „ -uTi and particulars at office.
tZZXiO— Hayes st., near Lyon: 2-story and base-
;¦-•¦• t residence; 113 rooms and bath; lot £sxloo.
CORNER LOT.
JCOOG— Van Ness aye. ; coraer; 22:CxlC9.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
DIED.
Andrew, William J. Leahy, Elizabeth M.
Anthony, ' Edward T. McCain, George W.
Atkins. Ellen A. McCauley. James /
Blaes, Elizabeth Millett. Delia
Brown. James L. Noblle. Joseph
Clancy, Maria : .Pappenfuss, Capt. !\
D'Arcy, Harriet C. Perkins. Edwin S.
De Carley. J. B. Pong Hong
Downle. Margaret Ring, Edward
Dunn, Mathew Shepston, Catherine
Field. William J. Sheridan. Llla
Frink. Ledyard Sposito, Teter
Hanks. Ann E. Stack, Kate
Hapgood, Charles Stone, G. W.
Igo, Mary , Wilbur. Ellda ¦
Laws, Benjamin H. Wynne, William
ANDREW— In this city, March I 1900, Wil-
liam James, beloved husband of Hannah An-
drew, and father of Mrs. B. F. Ingram, Mrs.
W. T. Bonney and Edward Brown, a native
of England, aged 62 years.
ANTHONY— In this city, March 8. 1900, Ed-
ward T, Anthony, beloved father of Carrie A.
Arnold of Los Angeles and Edward A., Mark
and Herbert M. Anthony, and brother of Wil-
liam T. Anthony, a native of New York, aged
66 years.
(tfTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge No. 16S,
F. and A. M. Interment Masonlo Cemetery.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S ASSO-
CIATION— Officers and members are request-
ed to assemble at headquarters. Pioneer build-
ing, this day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, to
attend the funeral of our late brother. Ed-
ward-T. Anthony. By order of
STEPHEN BUNKER, President.
• J. J. McMAHON. Recording Secretary.
ATKINS— In this city, . March «, 1800. Ellen
Amelia Atkins, beloved wife of A. Atkins,
; mother of Mrs. M. P. Danly. and sister of
Ed M; Hart of Hornellsvllle, N. V.. Helen
and Callle Hart and Mrs." O. Sherman of
Canisteo, N. V., a native of New York, aged
49 years 2 months and 6 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1154 Guerrero street, corner of
Twenty-fourth, Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by funeral car.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 815. K. and L. of H.—
Officers and members are respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral of our deceased
sister. Ellen A. Atkins, to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 1 o'clock, from the family residence,
1154 Guerrero street, corner of Twenty-fourth.
JENNIE DINKLAGE. Protector.
BLAES— In this city. March 5, 1900. Elizabeth,
dearly beloved wife of the late Captain
Frank A. Blaes, and beloved mother of Jo-
seph Blaes and Mrs. Edward Weltkunat, a
native of Rheinhartsmunßter, Alsace, aged 72
years 1 month and 14 days. A member of the
Third Order of St. Francis. ' . •
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 7:45 o'clock, from the
parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Un-
dertaking Company, 8 and 10 City Hall square,
thence to St. Anthony's Church. Army street,
near Folsom. where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROWN— In Ross, Cal., March 5, 1900, James
Lewis Brown.
(Cyrh? funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday),, at r o'clock, from the under-
taklnz parlors of Albert Brown. 468 Thir-
i teonth strert* "*«r Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
Interment private, Mountain View Cemetery.
CLANCY— In this city, March 5, 1900, Maria,
beloved wife of Martin Clancy and mother of
Martin. Michael, John. Eugene. William and
Thomas Clancy and Mrs. P. Foley and Mrs.
R. Groswlrd. a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, aged 62 years. A . ¦ '
cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 341 Twelfth street, thence to St.
Joseph's .Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 19 o'clock. Inter-
ment Calvary Cemetery.
D'ARCY— In this city, March 6, 1900, Harriet
C, beloved wife of Charles d'Arcy and
mother of Albert d'Arcy, daughter of Mary
and the late Thomas Bertram and Bister of
Joseph D. and John T. Bertram and Mrs.
Maurice J. Ross, a native of San Francisco,
aged 32 years 10 months and 6 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday.) at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2 Columbia square, thence to St.
John's Episcopal Church, Fifteenth street, be-
tween Mission and Valencia, where services
will be held at 11:30 o'clock. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
DE CARLEY —At Duncan Mills, March I,
1900, J. B. de Carley, a native of Switzerland,
aged 4S years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral at Duncan
Mills to-morrow (Thursday), atl o'clock, un-
der the auspices of the Masonic -Lodge. ¦
DOWNIE— In this city. March 5, 1900, Mar-
garet, wife of the late Henry Downle, be-
loved mother of Henry J. and Katie Downle,
and sister of Owen Egan, a native of Ireland,
aged 49 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass wlll.be celebrated for
the repose of. her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUNN— In the City . and County Hospital,
March 6, 1900. Mathew Dunn, a native of Ire-
land, aged 85 years.
FIELD— In Oakland, March 6, .1900, William J., '
beloved husband of Mary Field and father of
William J., John W., R. E., B. J. and J. F.
Field and Mrs. Lizzie Douling and Mrs. Mol-
lie Hughs, a native of Ireland,' aged 62 years
and E days.
• tC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday.) at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1128 East Fourteenth street, thence to
Et. Anthony's Church, where a requiem mass
will ' be celebrated for the. repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
FRINK— In Oakland, March I, 1900, at his resi-
dence, 1220 Grove street, Ledyard Frlnk, a
native of -New -York, aged 89 years and 10
days. (Sacramento papers please copy.)
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. ,
HANKS— In "Oakland, March «. 1900, at 800
Twelfth street, Ann Eliza, beloved wife' of
j. G. Hanks, and mother of Eliza .P. and
May E. Brown of Oakland and Mrs. M. M.
Scott of Honolulu, aged 71 years 7 months
and 19 days. ¦ . ¦
HAPGOOD— In Marysville. March ¦B, 1900,
Charles, beloved husband of Emma W. Hap-
good, a native of Ohio, aged 69 years 9 months
' and 11 days. • ¦'¦'¦' - ~- . •
(C7The funeral car, will leave depot. Third
and Townsend streets, at 11:30 o'clock Thurs-
day, March 8, and proceed to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, where the remains will- be cre-
mated. *
IGO— In this city. March 8. 1900. at her resl-
dence.'63J Hayes-street. Mary, wlfe-of James
Igo, and mother of Mrs. J. J. Meyer, Miss A.
E. Held. Mrs. \V. Brlttaln. Louise and James
Igo and the late Mrs. J. W. Kelly, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 64 years. . -
LAWS— ln. this city. March 6, 1900, Benjamin
H., beloved son of Benjamin -A. and Lillian
D. Laws, a native of San Francisco, aged 13
years 3 months and 21 days.
LEAHY— In this city, March 5, 1900, Elizabeth
M., beloved wife of the late David J. Leahy
mother of Madeline, William and Francis
Leahy and sister of Charles W. Hayden; a na-
tive of Rochester, N. V., aged 44 years.
. CTThe funeral will take > place ¦ thla day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2914 Laguna street, thence to-St
Bridget's Church, Van Ness • avenue and
Broadway. . where a solemn requiem high mass
will -be celebrated : for the repose of. her soul;
commencing at 9 o'clock.'. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McCAIN— In Frultvale, March 6, 1900, George
W. I McCain, a native of Tennessee, aged 69
.. years 2 months and 7 days. ..... - ¦' p
$y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited -to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at his
late residence, Bryant street, near San Le-
: andro road, Frultvale. . ..... <
HOTEL. ¦-
R Plerson. Chicago
CL Rising. Chicago .
Mrs Rising, Chicago
F W Bradshaw. L Ang
Mrs Bradshaw, L Ang
G Sllva,.N V- ;
R H Warlll, Los Ang
C E Jacox. San Jose
H G Wllshlre, L Ang
J D Dunn, Los Ang
J Oilliam, -N V
W A Frost. ChlcafO
Mrs Frost, Chicago.. «
Miss F E Johnson. N V
W R de. Kraft, N V
C H Koch. NT -
F W Bwanton. 8 Crn«
Mrs Bwanton. 8 Crus
C Muckens, Germany
O Mondron, Germany
G W Jones. N T
J C Chase., Los Ang
H Allenberg, Spokane
Mrs Allenberg, Spokan
Mrs E' Reeves, Salinas
A Bettens, Byron '
R Peddle. Byron
O E Weller. Boston ,-;.
A Hill. London
E Dexter. London , • '
H W Sampson, NY .
W A Mitchell, Chicago
W W Bell Jr. Bradfrd
S Schwab," N V
D Smiley. N V
H C Nesbltt, 'Md. .-
C S Nesbltt, Md
Mrs NesDltt, Md
Mrs J Towe. Md
Miss W Hauser, Cadis
HOTEL.
A B Barr * w. N T '.
O O Webber, SU Rosa
W H La. Baree, Cal
J O Hestwood i w. Cal
J Siaven.:HolUster "
W C Byrns, Sta Crua
A C Frazer. Cal
F E Ltvengood, Chlcag
J W Vail, Chicago
H S Tittle. Sta Barb
Mrs H D Abbott. Col»
O P Lenox Ohio i
F M Mechley. Pa v
Mrs J A Reed, Pa
A Nellson & w, Sacto
J W Rich &w, lowa .
E Branlng & w, lowa
R D Gillesple. NY*
Miss A Rich. NT,.
C L Tweed, Minn
J H Slmonson, Merced
Mrs T Putnam. N D .
L Irelan, Watßonvillr
C H Rhodes. Pleasantn
P Conn. Stockton '
G W Sill, Watsonville
H C Newhart, St Paul
E H Best, Boston . .
Miss Best; Boston </»t
T H Hayden, Cal
M Hlggins A w, Wasft
T P Waleville. Cal I .
F Lyman. Sacto .
L A Bertallng A w, Cal
S J Scott. Visalia . ,
M E Power, Visalia :
PALACE
L Kann, E, Baltimore %
Mrs Kann, Baltimore
J W Corbln, N V • '
O W Corbin,'-N V -
D M Simpson, N T '
W E Bartholomew, NY
E J Bartholomew, N V
B Sparks, Reno ¦ *
J B Slander, Chicago
R H Heron, Los Ang
E J Swain. Cal
J W Fennell, Tehama
R "Watson, 7 Stanford- ?
W E Amann. Alamda'
Mrs W Benton. Seattle
Miss Benton.- Seattle .
S Harrison, Colo '
Mrs S Harrison, Colo
J J Byrne, Los Ang -.'
Miss M Byrne. L Ang
E Vauck, Holland
Mrs Vauck, Holland ; ¦
F H Buck. Vacaville
N R Salsbury.'- Chlcgo
W Hansen, Redwood 3
Mrs Hansen, Redwood
C C Mclver, San Jose
C S Comstock, Chicago
Mrs Comstock. Chlcgo
Master J Comstock, Cg
C Carter, Chicago
Dr B Anderson, Col Sp
Mrs Anderson, Col Spg
8 Misses Anderson, Col
A G Cobb. NY,
O Granny,- Wyo* • '
W Lawrence, Denver.
A C Luck, Austin. Nev
C Howland. N V
Dr B E Wright; Portld
H F Echtemacht, lowa
GRAND
A J.'Larson, Lodt
H A Bartels. Portland
Dr Kler, Woodland . !
H H Hunter, San, Jose
M Michael, Woodland
E Smith. Oakland .
8 A-Lowd. Cal
H Thorp. Sacto -
C Conrad;' Sacto
F G McLean & w, Cal
J H Sherer, Colusa
F Americh. Napa <
J F Mulgrew, Skaggs
F M" Porter, Napa
Mrs W F Chapman, 111
G D Roberts, Los Ang
M Christensen, R Vista
W W Priestley, Cal ¦
R F Migley, Denver
J M Walbridge. Yreka
P J Lyons, B C \
J B Menasco. Los Ang
Dr M E Cor bett,' 111
Mrs C H Smith, Colo
Mrs B G Gideon, Wash
Mrs B F La Rue. Mo
W L Curtis & w. Cal
H Curtis, Cal
M Curtis & w, Cal
W E Gltzendamm, 111
H Goodwin. Mo
Mrs E Miller, Chicago
Mrs E Foster. Ohio
M R Keef. Cal :-' ¦
J M Ereklne, Boston
R C Hatch. P Roblea
B G Raaf A w, Car
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
€!S Market street.
INVESTMENTS.
PARTITION SALE. .
T"rrK>e*d» to be divided among the heirs of the
estate.
jrr.OOO— On Sutter 6t.. rear Hyde; lot t":6x137:6;
- Z front and 2 rear houses; pays £>'•« per
c-iit now. and with little expense In-
come could be doubled.
JCSOO — 3 modern flats of 6, « and 6 rooms and
bath: on Lewis, st.. near Taylor and Post;
pays 19 1-3 per cent Interest.
J6ooo— Valencia «., near Fifteenth; business
pro}*rty with unrivaled future; lot SOx
¦ 100.
PAYS 14 PER CENT.
14759— Reduced from I.'CTC; 3 elegant modern
flats cf C. C and 7 rooms and bath; porce-
lain tubs, tile mantels, etc; rents Ji.s per
mcr.lh; every flat rented.
1*500—2 cottages of E rooms and bath each, on
Shotwell Et.. near Twenty-eecond: lot Six
1T2:6; J3OGO bank mortgage can remain.
RESIDENCES.
JS3EO— N. E. comer on Pine St.; t rooma and
bath; rents $37 60; lot 27:6x110 feet; both
streets bitumen.
$5600— Elegant modern residence of t rooms and
ba.th; servants' rooms, etc.. porcelain
t«>s. t'.ie mantels, etc; on Broderick sU,
near California; terms If desired.
XF2TO— On Clay et., near Webster; fine residence;
t rooms and bath; sunny side street.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
fC&O— Large house, 10 rooms and bath. laundry,
French ranre, etc.; at small expense
could be turned Into flats; plans for flat*
ail designed; on Webster St., near Fulton.
WILL TRADE.
E:egar.t marine view; lot 13T:«xlS7^; level,
r*a<iy for building; on Hyde-st. car line;
or pay difference in coin; Improved prop-
erty wanted.
BUILDER'S CHANCE.
§Coo— Reduced from |7000; must be sold; fine
Mission corner; will subdivide Into 6 lots;
::...ne offer.
SEND FCR ONE OF
Cur catalogues of PROBATE AND PARTI-
TION SALES of properties.
AT AUCTION— TO HIGHEST BIDDER
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.,
C3B Market street.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Kubscrlptlonß has b*""n established at the
- northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky tit.; open until 6 p. m.
AIcAVOY A> CO.. • -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMBRS
.= 1235 Market St.. between Sth and Bth. *
¦¦: Telephone • South 847. — ?.s . ".
{/^.^V'flr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I^aA (t2~» KEABX T ST. Established
b^TssssS In I*9* (or the treatment of Private
¦ lIIM Dlseaaea, Lost Manhood, Debility .or
disease tearing on bodyand mindand
¦ Skin Dlseaaea The doctor cures when
g ¦othtrtblL -Try him. Charge* low
MbVsMHbl rmjr*mKumr»t»t*+4. Callorwrlta,
HENRY VI. GALLAGHER CO.,
'(Successors 'to Flannagan '& Gallagher)/
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
.20 Fitth St.. opposite Lincoln School. - ,
-.-'•' ". Telephone, South' SO. ¦ . '. • ,
2 CLEAN, sunny, convenient rooms; separate
entrance; tIZ. 47 Erie St.. bet. »th and 14th.
A~ERAIcCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscription* has been establUhed at 10&6 Va-
lencia st. - .
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
EEVENTH. 242— Nicely furnished room with
j/rlvllege of housekeeping; rent reasonable.
POPT. &C2— B large eunny front room for houee-
k<"eping; rent *M. ' "
SUNNY rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
lns: 14 up. Hotel Shasta. HIS Broadway. ' -.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
OAK. 89S— 2 unfurnished rooms for housekeep-
' Ing. • • " -' '
NEWJ.THROIJGH CARLINE
. TO—-
CHICAGO,
"'¦ : ¦ I TIA
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
and connection's.;
» vexvtxq san francisco d ailt. '•
. ¦: :~S:S0-A.M."and:s':3O P. M.' "- . '
Effective February 25. 1500. , ,
'G«t lnformaUoa of Bouthera Facts* t ticket
agents or '-*•"- »'» " > '-• '-''" •
GENERAL OFFICE. J4 Montgomery ¦!» -.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tlsomenti' and subscriptions received. ¦ ' ¦ -
g^y'^F^VultTir'R^CE'^SeTeir^uirlo^
I2BOO— REDUCED from $rooo to assure a quick
sale; house, 7 rooms, bath; modern, in all con-
veniences; barn and outbuildings; ln the finest
renidence portion: lot 60x120; flowers, lawn,
etc; convenient to business center and local
trains; $SOO cash, balance bank mortgage.
' J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway;
• - Oakland.
GOLDEN GATE. 404— Housekeeping suite;
' complete; S2S mo.; single rooms. lIP and 111 80.
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay-4 large sunny un-
furnished rooms; nice yard; water; $7.
BSB. THIRD RACE— Three and a half furlongs: maiden two-year-old fllUefl; purse. $350.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
JTLLMORE. ell, 'near Hayes— 4 sunny fur-
cisbed housekeeping rooms; upper flat; pri-
vate family. •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, 2S2J— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping: gas range; reasonable;
reJerenc.ee exchanged. ¦?.-¦
ALAMEDA HOCSES.
COAST lUTISION (Broail (Ja»ge). ) _
(Third nnd TownsenJ Sta) ¦ -
DOUBLE parlors, dining room, bedroom, fine
basement, • grounds and fruit trees ; summer
bouse; close to station; reasonable to right
party; references exchanged. 1101 Central
ay«.. Alameda. _; '
3 W. HORN, «tt Main St.. Petaluma: real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian bares. Send
for free list of Sonoma County bargains.
MARION GRIKFINT, Tit Market, nr. Call bldg.
Land for sale ln Sonoma, Contra Costa, Glenn.
Santa Cru«. Ehasta and Tehama Cos., Cal.
FOR sale— At great sacrifice if sold at once;
southeast corner Benton st. and Alameda aye.,
Morton station: lot 78x150, with 9-room Cot-
tage. See BEVY DRUG CO. at onoe. ¦ '
-» ACRES ln Stanislaus County, near rail-
road- water; growing crops; under fence and
t'l ether improvements. For particulars ad-
SrUs or call W. P. CROW. IM4 Polk, city.
COAST DIVISION CUrrort Jiange).
( Fool btMatkct Street.) -.-:
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
STORAGES, AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post st.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 6713.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W H McCartney. Sacto W Baxter, Chgo - .
P R O'Dowd. Minn 8 X Uradford, Stent
V Enncs, St Paul" W Chirm, Vallejo
J R Miller.' Wheatland A DufTard, N Orleans
L R Dcvere, NY W J 3Urke. Surf ' '
J W Phillips, NT S-I> Teel, Los Ang
G Levy, San Jose H W Vaughn. Cal :
H Hicks. St Joe, Mo." P F Dixon, Los Ang
R Cadogan, Fresno J C Smith, Ukiah
O Wilson & w, Rio Vis
SPECIAL NOTICES.
T2 CHICAGO
This Is Che quickest running: and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Traim Leaves Sax Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
. PJI In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York. ... . /
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
. FYddpcc. p. m. with Palace and Tourist
I -^ 1 " J > cars for Kansas Citj, St. Urns,
. DAILY ' - ' Chicago and East.
Local trains t>etween Stockton. VALLEY
Fresno. Hanford, Visalia, Tulare nn a n
and Bakersfield. ;- \ KUA T
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 673
•FDK<T» *r»flN Market Street, Phone Main
TKI3IU SOOW IS3I . Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street. .--,-
ROOMS WANTED.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market st.,— Suite of 2 or i
rms. ; private; bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
A. M. EPECK A CO.
Loan Money.
(97 Market St., opposite Kearny.
ISO. ooo— Grand coraer. 7S ft. front; half block
frcm Market si., not far from 6th: rents MOO.
J7J,ooo— Grand coraer, M ft., within block of
Baldwin : positively the cheapest property
<CowntownJ In the City.
Xil COO— Rare investment: vicinity Powell and
Geary; 4-« tory brick building; stores aid lodg-
fog-houee above; SI feet front.
4**.f'v— Comer; rentf $400; modern Improve-
tr.ects; lot HxlCs feet.
til. WO— Near Eddy and Jones; stor* and 28
•j-oorr.s aboTe; modern: pays 7 per ©ent net.
$24,000— Sixth St.; Tt feet front; rents H4OO
yearly; good buildings; 4 stores.
Xtl 500— Ttird St., about V 6 feet from Market;
rtore and lod(rtng-hou*e; terms, half cash.
jSO'iO— Six elegant new Cats; lot 80x100 ft.;
«.:; rested for lU a month; grand bargain.
J76So— Six good Cats; rents J9«O yearly; down-
tc«a; lot M feet front.
56500— 1 choice flats s Hayea St.; mortgage
jt '':— Pust st; 1 good Cats; rents JM; lot
:325O— Ccmer store and 4)-room flat; rants J37;
JSISO— 4- fiats, within few blocks of Sth and
Market sts.; rent* JJS.
t::so— Two nlc« flats: rents US 68.
rriO— E'.r rooms and lot 45x71 feet.
A. It. 6PECK & CO.. stT Market st.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde A Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
California I imited
Santa Fe Route
MVTHRM PACIFIC C*9H»Airr.
(MOiriO HYSTgX.) •
Train* l«at«« and are «!¦« «• arrive) at
NAN riIANCISCO.
. - (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) ..
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. "1714 Market at.— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table first class;
reduced rates.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
TO THEEAST—*ir :
THROUGH FIRST-CLASS PULLMAN SLEEPERS NOW D>7 SERVICB
Between San Francisco and Chicago
Via Southern Padfie— Rio Grande Western
Denver and Rio Granda (Scenic Route) and
Great^ck hland^Rpvtte
GRANDEST SCENIC TRIP IN THE WORLD
THE COLORADO ROCKIES CROSSED ' <BY DAYLIGHT.
Pullman's Finest- Broad Vestfbuled Sleepers .
Leaving San Fraud too Dally at 8:30 A. M. on
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC LIMITED
(Westbound cars carried on same train).
. . . .DINING CAR SERVICE THROUGH— BUFFET LIBRARY CAR 3. . . . '
CLINTON JONES, Gen'lAgt, Gil Market St, Saw Ftuu«rcrsco, Cax.
; JOHN SEBASTIAN, G. P. A., Chicago.
BAXXROAD TRAVEL.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, ltt Blxth— Rooms
25c to II per night; Si 15 to |5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
>OOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Cnfnn.
MAERIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follow! :
Thomas F. Ricks, 44. Eureka, and Eva L.
McGowan, SO, Eureka. '
William H. Reardon, 40. Oakland, and Lulu
M. McKeene. 23. Oakland.
Robert Stewart, 35, Valleio, and Cecil Nich-
ols. 21. Vallejo. ¦¦-..
Louis Richard. 31. city, and Martha Frleder-
lch, 34, city. ...
Oscar Johnson, 34, 268 Thirteenth street/ and
Mary Hanson. 80, 504 Eddy street.
Joseph H.'Ford, 27. 137 San Carlos avenue,
and Alvina. Welby, 24, 38 Morris avenue. •¦
Charles H. Ehlert. 22. 10 Dd Boom street, and
Harriet A. Gimpel. 26, 2337 Market street.
Richard Ra'ndhahn,' 21. 635 • Arkansas street,
and Carmella Cramley, 15, 1515 Leavenworth st.
Solomon Rosendorn. 82, city, and LilHe Ja-
cobs, "8, city. ¦ . '
McCAULEY— In this city, March 8." 1900. James
McCauley. a native of Ohlo^ aged 89 years.
ETFrlends and" acquaintances are resp«ot-
fully Invited to attend the funeral 1 this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market - street", between
Eighth and Ninth. . Interment . Laurel Hill
Cemetery, j ¦ V ' •¦ V '¦ •;;
MILLETT— In this city, March 4. 1900.- Delia,
• beloved wife of John E: Millett. mother of
Elaine Millett, daughter of Mary and the late
John Kenny, and dearl* loved sister of Mamie
Kenny Mrs. Carl Somifler and the late James
E.. John F. and Thomas Kenny, « native of
San Francisco. • '', * " '
cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday.) at 8:45 o'clock, f rom ¦ her late
residence. 921. Capp street, , thence to St. Pe-.
ter*s Church, where a solemn high requiem-
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
NOBILE— In Napa- March 4. 1900, Joseph No-
blle, a native of Switzerland, aged 48 years. .
PAPPENFUSS— In this city, March 6, 1900, at
his residence, 627 Ellsworth street Bernal
Heights Captain Frederick, beloved husband
of Elizabeth Pappenfuss, father of Frederick
Jr. and Sophie Pappenfuss, and stepfather of-
William, Herrrnan, Owen, John . and Lizsie
Brown and Mrs. Mary Hughes, a native of
Prussia, Germany, aged 65 years 5 months
an (CTFT?e J nds and acquaintances are ; respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
March 9 1900 from Red Men's Hall. 320 Post
street, where' services wUI be held under the
auspices of Sotoyome Tribe No, 12. I. O. R.
M.. commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. • . . ?.,-¦ .•:.•
PERKINS-In this city. March «. 1900. .Edwin
S. Perkins, a native of Princeton, Mass., aged
77 years 11 months and 2 dayß. ..
PONG HONG— In the City and County Hospi-
tal March 6. 1900. ¦ Pong Hong, a native of
' China, aged 37 years.'. :.;: : ¦..•»*¦'., •-'.--. ,
RING— In this city. March B, 1900. Edward, be-
loved husband of Mary Ring and father of
John David, William, Edward. Thomas and
Margaret Ring and Mrs. P. Foley and Mrs. A.
Rhead a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
74 years. . (Massachusetts papers please copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday) at 8:30 o'clock,, from his late
residence, 549 Castro street, corner of Nine-
teen* h thence to Mission t Dolores Church,
where 'a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his- eoul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. !*•;-
6HERIDAN-In this city. T March 5, .1900, Llla,
'dearly beloved wife of Philip P. Sheridan,
mother of Irene Sheridan," beloved daughter of
Henry and the late Christine Hadler and sis-
ter of Mrs. F. Hewitt, Mrs, W. Curran and
Henry and William T. Hadler. a native of
Ban Francisco, aged 22 years S months and 6
days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 23 Klßßling street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem 'high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
carriage. • '
SHEPSTON— In this city, March «, 1900, Cath-
erine beloved wife of William Shepston, and
mother of Robert Shepston, ,Mrs. James
Flaherty and Mrs. B. C. Lynch, a native of
Queens County, Ireland, aged 63 years and 8
months. ' ¦ •
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
6POSITO— In. this city, March 6. 1900. Peter,
beloved, husband of Rose Sposlto (nee Bohan),
father of Mrs. Morris Enos, brother of Mrs.
Kate McLauchlln and Mrs. Thomas Bohan,
and brother-in-law of John McLaughlin and
Miles Bohan of Sonoma County, Cal., a na-
tive of Italy, aged 67 years. !
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock. 1 from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission street,
thence to St. James Church. Twenty-third
and Guerrero streets, where a solemn requiem
mtss will be celebrated ' for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. ,-Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
STACK— In this city, . March 2, 1900, Kate
Stack, a native of Ballybunnlon, County
Kerry, Ireland. ¦£
ETRemalns at the parlor of J. C. OJConnor
A Co., 767 Mission street. • < . . -«
STONE— In this city. March 6. 1900, G. W.
Stone a nattve of New York, aged 48 years.
Cr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy &'Co., 1235 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WILBUR— In this city, March 6, 1900, ! entered
Into rest, Ellda Wilbur, daughter of the -late
A. Wesley Wilbur and Mrs. Mary E.-C. Lo^
gan. ¦ :
WYNNE— In this city, March 6. 1900,- at hjs
residence, 114 Capp street, William, beloved
husband of Ellen Wynne, and .father of
Nicholas P. and Lizzie A. Wynne. 'a native
of County Monasrhan. Ireland.. ...... -
IC7"Notlce of funeral later. .
THE monthly requiem high mass for the de-
Ceased members of St. Dominic's ' Church
Building Association, and for the parents and
relatives of the living members, will be sung
ln St. Dominic's Church to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 9 o'clock. ' - ' .'•¦;. ¦• - . .' .' ¦" '
ST. JOSEPH'S UNION— The semi-annual . re-
quiem mass for. the deceased members of St.
Joseph's Union, and -for the deceased friends
of the living members, will be 'celebrated In
St. Mary's Cathedral at 10 o'clock to-morrow
(Thursday). As usual, there will be a sermon
on that occasion. The patrons and friends of
the Youths' Directory are cordially Invited to
be present at the mass.
hence March 6; *tmr Luella, hence March 5.
. Sailed March (—Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco, ••
Passed north' March •— U . S stmr Madrona.
Launched— Stanley. • •¦ ?-•¦». •
EASTERN .PORTS.
BALTIMORE— CIeared March 6— Bh!o Roa.
noke. for San Francisco.- • ¦ • ' • » • • -
BOSTON— Arrtred March I— Br ship Dalcair
nle. from Manila. ...
- FOREIGN POHTS,
VALPARAISO— Arrived March G— C 8 stmr
Manning, from. . for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— SaiIed March B— Stmr China,
for San Vranclnco.
Arrived March 4— Br stmr Algoa. hence Jan
uary X 2. ¦- : . . .
ACAFULCO— SaiIed March B— Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived "March B— Bark Har
vester, from Cbemalnus. - - - ¦ ¦ -t
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived March s— Ger ship
Carl, from Oresron.' '"¦-', "- : ' "
SYDNEY— Arrived March s— Br - stmr Mio
wera, from Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to March 2— Jap
stmr Idduml Maru. from Seattle.
Sailed March 8— Br ship Queen Elisabeth, for
PUcet Sound.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed March *— Br ship
The Hahnemann. from Oregon.
DUBLIN-— Arrived March s— Br bark Inver
am*ay." hence Sept 2S. : • ¦•*
• SHIELDS— Sailed March t— Haw bark Win
•cott.' for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed March B— Br ship Queea
Elizabeth, for Puget Sound.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed March 4— Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb 23— Br bark High
lands.- from Newcastle. Aus. Feb 24 — Schr W F
Babcock. from New; York.
Sailed Feb 21— Ship John McDonald, for Hllo:
Haw bark Nuuanu. for Kahulut; schr Henry
Wilson, for Ptjrt Towhsend. March ?V— Bark
Northern Light, for San Francisco; schr Mary
Podge, for San Francisco. .. . .
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR BALE.
THE. SAN FRANGISCO CALt,WEDNESDAT, MARCH T, 1900.
Time— H.-:12»/4: •%. :it\i; H, l:01H; T4, 1:28. <Mbd start. -Won easily, second and third driving.,
Winner, C. E. DUfneirs ft. »., tiy ~ Racine-Powwow. P&tepte 'ha* aome das* in mud
dy . X6otln»T..V With -a. rider., up, Good;. Hope had a chance. She wascut olt-at start and
later on- far, turn. ; Imperious Is only, a "Jollier." ; . " '-,
Fr bark Emile Galline, ¦ from Swansea, ioe Baa
Francisco. .
- Feb 17,. lat 8 22 N, lon' 117 23 W. Br ship
Achnashte, from Liverpool. " for Victoria. : . ¦
MISCELLANEOUS.
- LONDON, March 6— Br ship Blalrgowrie. from
Tacoma. for Liverpool, put Into Fairaouth with
steering gear disabled and other damage.
VALPARAISO, ¦ Jan- > 24— Br ship Blythswood.
from Oregon, for Cape Town, previously re
ported, put Into here Jan 17. Reports that on
Jan I encountered gale In lat 48 S. ion 107 W.
Part of bulwarks was destroyed.- damaged, life
boats, tore . sails, shifted cargo and received
other damage. ¦ ¦ • * .•¦ '
Bchr Llla and Mattie. previously reported
ashore near Ttllamook. is a total loss.
Stmr Orizaba at Eureka March 8 for Ban
Francisco reports Blunt* Reef whistling buoy,
gone..
DOMESTIC PORTS.
,TILLAMOOK— SaiIed March t— Stmr Tilla-'
mook, with schr Sacramento in tow. \ tor Ban
Francisco. V'"-.-^ .
SOUTH BEND— Sailed March «— Schr James
A Garfield and schr Webfoot. tor Baa Fran
cisco. - - ¦ - " - • •¦
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March B— Bktn
Willie R Hume, from Manila; stmr Taooma.-.
from Hongkong.
TACOMA— Sailed March 6— Ship Eclipse, for
San Francisco. _- 'i~ \ m
ASTORlA— Arrived March •— Stmr State ©f,
California, hence March 4. •
ALBlON— Arrived March •— Stmr South Ccaet,
hence March 5. • ¦¦ '-.
SAN • PEDRO— Arrived March J— Stmr Na
varre, from Bowen* Landing. - ¦ «.
Sailed March «— Stmr Navarre, for San Fran
° PORT LOB ANGELES— BaIIed March «— Stmr
Arrived March *-Stmr Farallon.
from Bkaguay. March •— Stmr LsJccne, from
D ETJREKA— Arrived March 'a^stmr' Orizaba,-
BOHEMIA. 133 Post St., cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
. water; elevator and all conveniences.".
BURNETT.. 1426 Market et. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. twites, single; also- unfurnished.
CAnROLLTON. 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate
are.— Sunny corner; well furn. ; rms. Aof flees.
ELLIS. ElS— Elegantly furnished front and back
parlor; also single room. - .
FIFTH, 320— *5; single front room; private
family; furnished.
FOLSOM. 966. corner Sixth (The Ollver)-6unny
furn-'shed rooms: suites or single; new mgmt.
GEARY.' 14A— Sunny furnished rooms; reason-
able rent.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, «»n suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
nANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; |1 60 to J6 per week.
HOWARD. S3— Rooms 25c to 11 a night; SI to S3
a week; also housekeeping.
BIRTHS— MARRIAOES— DEATHS •
- v BORN.-
GERGUS— In this city. February 28, 1900, to
the wife of August Gergus, a son.
PACKHAM— In this city, March 6, 1900, to the
wife of Thomas Fackham, a daughter.
WITT— In this city, February 24, 1900, to the
wife of Claus H. Witt, a son. •• - ¦-• ¦
JESSIE, 465— Light, clean, comfortable . front
room, J6; private family.
LARKIN. 621— Front room for gentleman. $6;
gas and bath; also housekeeping.'
LEAVENWORTH, 225— Large unfurnished
rooms for housekpg; American family: adults.
MASON. 6158. near Sutter— Elegant, large
tunny room, suitable for gentleman.
MARRIED.
EDELSTEIN— LICHTENSTEIN— In this city,
March 4, 1900, by the Rev. H. Samuelson,
Louis Edelstein and Rosle Llchtenstein, both
of San Francisco. : ,
JACOBS— CUFFIELD— In this city, February
25, ¦ 1900. by the Rev. -H. Samuelson. Louis
Jacobs and Sophie Cuf field, both of San
Francisco. . ¦ ¦
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay window room. $1 per week; transient.
OAK. 309—1 furnished_room; suitable for gentle-
man.
OTARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
PIERCE. £000. cor. Filbert— Elegant sunny
cor. suite; use of kitchen; $12. .
POST. £39— Elegant transient rooms for tourists:
. all conveniences; traveling men; elevator.
POST. 631— Two small sunny rooms, furnished,
ti each per month; Protestant Christians;
neither drink nor smoke ln the house.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or single; running water; gas; reas.
POWELL. 612 A —Large sunny front * rooms;
newly furnished; suitable for gentlemen.
ROYAL House. 1?6 Ellis eC— lncandescent light,
r«adlng room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. Ssc to U 50; week, tt to
tt; month, JS to J2O: elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 319 & Ml Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to |1; week. $1 25 to »4; open night.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor near Markst— An
up-to-date flreproof building; elevator: new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
tea baths; suites and single rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 3*9— Rooms. $1 :5 to $2 B0; also house-
keeping rooms; closet ln every room. '
ST. PETER'S House, 705 California— Changed
hands; nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keeping rooms.
BUNNY furnished alcove; gas: bath; phone;
dinner If desired. 120 Haight Et.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming bouse
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK. 133— Nicely furnished room; suitable for
2 ren'tlemen; rent moderate.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3166, near Howard— J or 8
nicely furnished sunny housekeeping rooms.
NEW family, hot el; first class ln all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to.
select people. 807 California St.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
A— HOTEL La Normandle. 526 Eddy— Sunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; first-
class table and service; prices moderate.
lba ye — Fbok Fibruaby 23, 1909. . — . abbot
JONES, 1308— A pleasant sunny suite; best ln
the city; also single rooms, with board: terms
very reasonable.
VAN NESS, 544 (The i Wallace)— Rooms and
board: reasonable: modern conveniences.
WANTED— I or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; modern; rent between |15 and $1S;
near Hayes and Fillmore. C. M. SMITH,
Paeiflo Rolling Mills. ' ~ - •' ¦"
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 6510.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 31» Third.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. » per year.
SEWI.NG MACHINES AND . SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SIHAL ESTATE — COCSTRV— For Sale
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Tuesday. March Sj^O^Z^fi^r^J^iX-JiSSiJ^^i^^.
•7:00 a Benida. Sulauu, Elmlxa, Vacavflle, .. '"
Ramsey and .Sacramento.......... *7t4Sp
•7jOOa ShtsU Express— Davis, Willows,
Bed Bluff, Portland.. *7i43r
«753« a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
C'allstoga aa<l Santa Rosa - *6<l3p
•B:3OATbeOTsrlandlimUed-Ogdea,Den- \ ¦
Ter, Omaha, Chicago *BilDf
¦SinOA San .lose, LiTermore, Stockton, -
¦ .love, Sacramento," • nacervllle, .' v
MarjsTille. Chlco, 1 ted ll luff Mil»p
•SillOA »Milton. Oakdale, KoDora, Carters... M:l9r
•a:«l>A Hay wards, Nllrsand Way Stations. •11»43*
•DiUOa DatU, Woodland. KnighU Landing, -
MarysTille, Ororlllo. •7t4ir
• 9:00 * Atlantlo Kxpress— Ogdeii and East •»»*3a
•9iOOa Martlue*. Tracy, LatUtop. (Stockton,
Merced and Frosno. »1 2:1 a»
•BiOitA Port Costa, VresnOk Mojaie aud I*s "~- .•
Ant;.-I'» •«l 48»
•IO:OOa Vnlivjo, Mart Ines ami Way Stations # «:-i3*
<1I:OOa Nilrs, LWerruore, Stockton, Sacra-
. mfnto, Mendota, Hauford, Viaalla,
rcrterrillo MilSf
• I StOAM Haywar Jj. Mies and Wsy Btattoss. **»i3p
tl:OOr .Sacniinento Hirer Ktemncri fStOOp
•3:00r llaywards, Nlles and Waj Stations. »3:43»
*4:0»r Murtfiie*, .**an I'nmon, Vallejo, ''
Kapn, Uattong*. Kuiita Itosa.-. -....• •»«!¦*
MiOOr n-nirls. - Vaoaville, - bacrantanto, . .
\Vou<llauil, Knislitu LanUlng.
1 Marymlllf, 0r0f111e..:... ».. •••:43a
*li3Op Niles. Han Joaeaiid Stockton ....... *7tlSp
•s:OOrTbo O»l Limited— Tracy. Fresno. „
BiktrsfleUl. Sangus for Hanta Bar-
bara, Lts ADKrles....' '1O«4»A
a3:«M>p Sntstt Llalted-El Paso, New Or- -
leacsand Euat « 1 2'1? A
*.-i:»Op Btockto:i, Meirttl. lfresno M»»l9*
•.-»::i»p Krii«no. Ilakernlielil. I Santa l!*r»>ara,
Jh* Angsks, Doming. H I'no, **,-*
New Orleans anil Rast *9i43a
•--»ia«r Suiita Vn lCniilr— Atlautld Eipress
for M»Jav« mul Kast.'.... *«t4»F
•OtOOp HnTwanla, NllesandHan J05e..:... *£»*»*
t«>sor v»ii.j«..... ;......,,.. Mails*
•UiSni- oriental Miil-Ogtlen, Cheyenne.
Oaiaba, Ch!e»go... ••»«Sa
•S:3«p Oriental ¦ M*ii— Ogden, . Denver. __
Ornftha, Chicago.. Mtlßr
17i4M>p Vallcjo, Fort Co«ta and Way Bta-
ti«i>s :."...' :.'... l**B&*
•SsOSrOrrgimand California Kx|>rmw.Hao-
ntiueHtu, Mar>srille. ICtxhlliif.
I'nrUniMl, l*nso» Hmmil ami lUmt 'SitSA
886. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling: three-year-olda ; purse, $350.
¦X MIGHTY nice and well-Improved, fully
«aulpped EO-acr» ranch, near Napa for II2M.
K. D. BICKELB. the Land Agent,
V> G**ry st.. opposite Chronicle bldg., B. T.
*S:l.VYNewarM>ntemlle,Man.loiK»,Feltou,
DoulilfrOrrelt.fiaNtaOrnzandWay - '
Btatlons ¦.....:.-.. •»•»•»
fiil.tp Newark. Oiiiterrlllts Ban .lose. New
Almatlen, Feltoo, limiMsr Creek, '
Santa Cms and . Principal Way
Statious tlO:."l»*
* I tIBr Newark, Man Jo«o, Los Gatoa'. *9>3oa
Ml:<3p Unn^cra' Kxciuslcn. San Jose and
. Way Stations.. .•....'. I*****
$1400— CORNER lot: Santa Clara aye.; 60x150;
near Morton-et. station.
11600— Fine lot; 60x150; Paru st., near the
bay; bargain.
$1000— Elegant lot, west side of Lafayette St.,
near Ban Antonio aye. ; snap.
(3200 — Xew modern 8-room house; Alameda
avenue, near Lafayette St.; large lot.
JSsoo— New Colonial, .7-room cottage: Grand
St., n»ar Alameda aye.; easy Installments;
large lot: snap. «
Bargains ln all parts of Alameda; all the
above can be bought on. easy terms.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park ct.,- Alameda.
Time— 3-16 :18V4; 7-16, :42H: 6Vfcf, .1:08%. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving.
Winner, E. E. Edwards* b. c, by Imp. Brutus-Deception. Winner showed to be a cracka
jack mudlark:' he ran out in the stretch and then won easily. Morella is quite a "mudder."
Silver Bullion well played. St. Antler-IW. -_¦ _ _v^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
n>mSlH maClSCO— feat of lltrlut SlrMt(S!i»B) — ¦• .'
•7:18 0:00 11:00 A.M. ] 1:03 '2:33 }3:M
•1:00 |5:C9 . *C:CSr.M. . .
mmOilUKD— Foil «f Bro.4«»y.— *«:00 8:00 10:00».*.
112:00 # l:00 < >a^o *3:OQ- tt:CO *3Jorji.
887. SECOND RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds . and upward;, purse, $400.
trjj ACRES of land near •Bakersfleld; ln the ©H
belt. Apply 1«A Geary st
Time— To U. :ii%l 'to H, :45»4; laBt H. 1:02; short 94, 1:12. .Good start. Won first three driv
ing Winner, B. Schrelber's b. m., by Hlmyar-imp. Astolat. Miss Marlon was all out. -El
Mido was badly cut off on backstretch or he would have won. De Blaise had speed. ' Tlburoa
seems to be "off."-- Skirmish no account In- the going. w- ' ... r - .- <.
t'lslOA Ocean View, South Man Francisco.. t*>**T
•7:OO* Man .tn«u ui.<l W*J Stations (New
¦ Al.n».lc>« Wedntvla|soiily>....... MlMr
•O.OO* Km, .limo. Tri-ii I'li4<is, Katitn Cnn,. ( .
..1 - . - racllia liniii, I'iuin 'Unhles, Ban -
l.iils «>l»i»i.o, Burr, Lompoc aud
IVlnelpal W»y SUfloiis Mil«»
•I»:1Oa .SniiJixoNud Way Ntitlirtis... •0>334
•I1i::<»a Ban J»(io mul Way RUtious *Sia*V
f*t4sr Hun Mat.ro, iu<lwoo>l, Menlo Fark. ....
Palo Alto. Kanta Clara, Nan .lose, ; *
. . Tres Plnos. 8»«ta C'riur/ Sttilnaa.
Monterey ami l'»rlfle Grova fIO:3«a
f»t3«rBan.lusean<t Way Stations. *7i3or
1 1 1 1 S r SauJasoaml Trincipat Way Stations •9:43 a
t-itOOrSauJosoandrrinelpal Way Station t»iO«*
*5:30r Sim Ji.s» mul Vrlncioal Way Stations •S:33A
•«z:»>p Hun .Ids- mi.l Way Stations f»i©Oa
blli4sF Sail .T^gpaiwlWay SUtl.ins.... TittOr
FULTON 21— Nice sunny room, with connect-
ing bath; use of kitchen; rent cheap.
' A for Morning ' * ¦1* for Afternoon.
• Dally. t Suii.lay exc«pte<l. ' t Suud»y only.
6 Saturday only. ¦
a Taesdiys »nd Fridays c Thundsys and Bondaja.
FULTOV 12IH— 3 sunny front' unfurnished
rooms; range; water and sink; yard; rent 112;
parr.c as flat. ¦
Time— 4-18. ¦ :19; 7-18. :4S.- Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, O. Burger's b. f., .
by Thornhlll-Mamte H. •¦.Winner, finished on the outside very gamely. 'Mrs. 'Brunen will-be
hard to beat next tlme.v Undergrowth was backed. Sea Bass Injured at post; did not start.
Jnf-SIE 476—1 nicely furnished front rooms for
houseiceeplng.' j
84500 WILL buy new modern house, 12 rooms;
fine improvements; large stable. 1620 Eighth
aye.. Oakland; keys next door south.
LAKKIN. 326, cor. Golden Gate aye.
sur.ry housekeeping apartments. ¦
CORNER store; 4 living rooms and stable;- lot
89x100. Inquire 391 Halght St., S. F.
Lf:%Vlfi, 16, off Ta^or. near Post— Three fur-
r.irhed and unfurnished rooms.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs ;- at Geysenrtlle for Skaggs
Spring*: at Cldverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland' Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy
Bprtntrn, Saratoga Springs, Blu* Lakes. Lanrel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sannedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City. - Fort Bragg.
Westport. ¦ Usal. WUlttts.' Laytonvllln. C/um-
ming's. .. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka." • ¦ - •'..¦•
. Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .» " - - ¦>
. On Sunday round-trio tickets ta all' points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
¦ Ticket Offices. 630 Market st.. Chronicle blflg.
H. C. WHITTNO, •- R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pasa. Agent.
Time— W J3: H. :tIM. %. l:02tt: %. 1:81. Good start. Won first three driving-. Winner.
Burns A Waternouse's b. g.. by Imp. St. Andrew-Extract. Essence a slow beginner, but
strong flnl!iher/_ M*** J^* a^K%Qj^IJ% f jajMnr ou^^
800. FIFTH RACE)— One, mile and an eighth; selling; four-year-olds and upward;- purse, 1400."
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. "-V;
Commencing October 1. MS*. '¦•<'-
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL V ALLOT
' ~ AND ' BAN - RAFAEL. • ' '
WEEK DAY&-«7:00, •»:». .11:00 a. m.: «lMa>
•8:40. 6:15. 6:00, 6:30 p. m. '. •
EXTRA TRIPB-*-For Mill Valley and Ban Ra-
fael,' on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at »:00 and 11:30 o. tn. - '
SUNDAYS— 'S-.CO. n0:00.v ni«> a. m.: IM,
3:15. »4:45, 6:30, 9:00 p. m. .'
Trains marked <*) run to Ban Quentln.*
FROM BAN RAFAEL TOY SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYB-«:25. H:JB. 7:45., »»:40 a. m.;
•12:30. 2:15, •3:40. •.«!» 9Z*ZtJ*~£ I / •
¦ EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays,' Wednesday* an*
Saturdays at 6:40 and 19:15 p. m. -
SUNDAYS-«:J0.-. •8:00. n0:«0. «U:« -a, m.j
•1:40. ?J:l5. 4>45. ««:J0 P. Nt -, -. .- - -
Trains marked (*) startfrom Ban Quentln. ..
»ROM MILL VALLEY TO BAM FHANCISCa
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 56:45. 7:55, 9:45 a. Bv|
12-35 2:35, 3:45; 6:20 p. m. • ¦ '* ', -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays anc
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:J0 p. m. -¦
¦SUNDAYS— B:OB. 10:05 < a, m.; ,l»:05. IJB. 3:lft.-
S-00 6:45 p.. m.- * - '•- '¦' ¦"•¦* »* -• • "• .. - *
V 7"V 7 " - THROUGH ,TRAINa .
T:00 a. m. week days— Caaadero and way stations.
8:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
1:00 a. m. -Sundays — Tomales and way stations.
OAKI.AXI) FUUXITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
TURK. 543— Large front room, with ooal stove;
complete for housekeeping; 810; also oaoit
parlor. . . ;
VAN NESS. 402— 3 sunny connecting rooms,
complete for housekeeping; stationary tubs;
yard. ---¦¦•''-
891. SIXTH RACE— Seven f urlongi ; , free ¦ handicap ; three-year-olds and upward ; purie. ; »500.
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS ' SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave ¦ Baa Francisco via SaaaaUte ITerry.
Weak day ¦ *M a. m. aad i:« tv as.
f«r«?«aa gtaaslfo f Boausu* ana Hmi»,
txm. .;-.-¦¦¦-' ¦¦--.¦—->•: . ';,,:. t ¦-- -
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 18 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau -Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 227 Market st., on and
af»«"r Saturday. March 10, 1900. Transfer
books will -close, on Saturday, March 3,
1900, at 12 o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
SITES.
11
[ndex.
729 San Tomas 112 6
(S6B) Mountebank ...109 3
839 Morella ....107 4
868 Harry Thatcher.. ...lo9 2 )
S6B Coming Event. ...;.. 107 7
856 Burdoclc ........... .-109 9
750 Silver Bullion 112 8
556 Aborlglnof 109 1
664 Fine ShoW 112 «
744 St. Anthony 109 10
509 Fairfax "2 H
Horse.
"Weight. | St.
him.
12
12
4 h
3 h
. 6 1
8 1'
9 h
11
7 h
5 Vi
10 1 .
%m.
1 4
2 4
3 1-
¦ i 5 m.
6 1
9 1 v
10
8 1
4 1
11 '
%m.
Str.
14 Buchanan ....
3 4 I. Powell :
3 h Bozeman
4 1 Ruir
'6 h J. Martin
:6 >4 Henry .„
7 2 . Jenkins :...."..
8 2 K. J0ne5.......
9'i Bullman
10 15 Spencer -...:...
11 Plggott ¦
Fin.'
I
Jockeys.
Betting:.
Op. Cl.
; 2 16-5
2 5-2
20 75
6 15
5 12
:. 8 15
-6' , 6
:7 . io
6 15
'« 12
30
Index. Horse. Are.
,m.
847 Mies Marlon, 4 106 I'
... El Mldo,. 4 ..I<* 1
562 De Blaise. 4 109 «
852 Almoner, 4... ...105 7
876 Pat Murphy, a.'..... 110 1
873 Tiburon, 4 108 -4 .-.
... Periwig. 6 ......110 10
778 Hannah Reid, 4.. ...104 11
876 Rlcardo. a.... ...... .110 9
863 Skirmish. 6 110 ¦ 2
... Christine, a ..;.108|~»
1 1
, 7 6
1 W
¦ 82
6 1
2 1 .
9 2.
10 2
8 1
62
11
14
6 1.,
4 H
2 H
5 1
4 2
10 40
9 1
7 2 •
>H ¦•;•
li .-. •
11 Bullman 3-5 7-10
; I 1 5haw......* 7 12
S 6 Henry ; 10 10
i 4 5 RUia 6 10
: sv, Hyland v.| 30 - £0
. 6>i E. J0ne5...:... .4 S
7 H- E.R05«. ..:.... -7 30
¦I » ¦ I. Powell 20 100
•'"'••9 5 ' Hennessey ... 20 " 40
10 60 Thorpe ........ 10. 15
11 . Brodlen •. 60 200
Index. Horse. Weight.|St. %m.
... Mamie Hlldreth 115 6 . "...
... Irate •¦ •••??? "•
... Mrs. Brunell 116 1
... Undergrowth ......".115 3 ' ...
... Angle P.. ....116 6
... Too H0t...... -US 4 , ...
... Nellgourle ......;. ..115 8 ...
... Kitty Lundy 115 9 , ....
... Bonlc ... 115 10 .; .
... Eola-LM«............116 7 ...
• ... Bea Bass.*..;.'.. .•••«. l*s Broke down ¦
Mm.-
Mm.
4 4
2 1
1 1
32-
6 8
6 2
7 1
8" 15.
9
10 '.
%m.
Str. Fin.
... . In
2 2
34
... 4 6
... • 6 1
6 1
7 1
¦,-...'¦•- -8 20
... 9
. Pulled up .;. •
Str.
Fin.
| . Jockeya. |Op. Cl.
~ Rulx 15 ,15
Henry 8 - 15
Bullman 3-2 S
Bozeman ..... -39 V)
¦ E. Jones 8 ." ¦ 7
I. P0we11...... 20 20
Hennessey .... 15 20
E. 'R055...'..... 8 • 10
Plggott : 4 -8
.H. Shields..... 10 20
Thorpe 6-6 11-5
Jockeys.
|Op.
Cl.
ndex.
Horse.
•eigl
it.
:t.
,m.
%tn.
%m.
Itr.
In.
;ey«.
84« Esuence 11l 1
(856) Tekla. : HI 5" •
871 ChoteauJ ... 11* ?
873 Loon Katrine 109 2 *
(869) Matt Hogan .......111 8
856 Sam Dennenbaum..lU 6 -
830 Nance O Netr •—.->l o ?j T ¦
871 Steel Diam0nd.... ..1111 Left
. ll H
!2
lh
V 4 1 '¦
\I 1 '
t ...
4 2
5 4
m .
22
,82
« 1
- m
4 4
6 12
' 2"2 '
% 4
lh
6 5 .
¦ '7.' ¦ '
« 1
B2 !
;2 i •
' 4 4 ; '
12
• 5
• :i • '
12
I h
4 4
SI
• I
T
Thorpe.'.'. 7-5
Henry I /
E.-'R0r5."::.."... 7-
M. Bergen..... 6
J. Martin 4
Ruls 10
' Bui Ima n •._... ,6
IWalnrlght ..... »80 .
1
"...8
6
15
7
-- 20
.18
I 100
Index. Horse.
Age. Weight. [St.
Vim.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
in.
sy«.
'P.
ci.
877 Malay, 4 -.v;....;.. ..106 » ft
883 Uarda.' 5, .........^.IW 6 .:
(872) Castake, 5 -109 1
855 - Tappan. 6 ...; ../... JOT s
(876) Lady Britannic. «. -100 2 .
(770) Ootobed. 5 ..........105 4
• .12
. 4 h
.1 h .
» 1
.81 ¦< ¦
.'i.l n '
¦-¦ 4 h
¦': > «-,¦¦ .
'• ''It*'
3 J : '
1 li
4 1 .-
6 I
Ih,
6
\. 1 H
4 1
6 1
,«- ¦
1h : jE.--.R0m...:....
2 2 Mor»e...
¦ I H- Rula :.-.;.......
.4 t . Spencer
5 1 I. Powell
. « Henry .......v.
8-6 -
10
7-5
15
' - 4
- 8-5
20
•
8-5
¦20
index. Horse. Aite. W>lght.|St.
!ira.
M.m.
%m.
Str."
Fin.
Jockey*.
Cl.
840 .Potente. 6 ...;. 122
. ESS Pomplno. 4 .........102
867 Good . Hope. 1 *¦¦ -90
(877) Imperious. 5 1M
(875) Rio Chico, 4 ......:.1M
861 The Fretter, 4 100
1
5
4
2 r
3 iS
6
2h- • •¦:
3 iv 4
'.." 42 r •-'
12 . ;¦*.
¦ ---6 1 ¦¦-¦¦•
3 2
.- 6 " •?.-.¦
4h
ttim
23
1 l.pii
-6
5 2 "r.c
Mm
2 2: .
.in. .
.•6*.:, ;
4 h-.
6 4-
8 n
18
2 ns
31,
¦t<* 2.
6 8'
, < r.:v
Thorpe
I. Powell
Logrue .........
E. R055. .....:.
Henry;...-..;..
J. Martin......
8-6
• 6-
• 5 ¦
5-2
i -..
10 -¦
5-2
' '.14
t- - 4
5-2
•15
8
Index. Horse. Are.
,m.
847 Mies Marlon, 4 106 I'
... El Mldo,. 4 ..I<* 1
562 De Blaise. 4 109 «
852 Almoner, 4... ...105 7
876 Pat Murphy, a.'..... 110 1
873 Tiburon, 4 108 -4 .-.
... Periwig. 6 ......110 10
778 Hannah Reid, 4.. ...104 11
876 Rlcardo. a.... ...... .110 9
863 Skirmish. 6 110 ¦ 2
... Christine, a ..;.108|~»
1 1
, 7 6
1 W
¦ 82
6 1
2 1 .
9 2.
10 2
8 1
62
11
14
6 1.,
4 H
2 H
5 1
4 2
10 40
9 1
7 2 •
>H ¦•;•
li .-. •
11 Bullman 3-5 7-10
; I 1 5haw......* 7 12
S 6 Henry ; 10 10
i 4 5 RUia 6 10
: sv, Hyland v.| 30 - £0
. 6>i E. J0ne5...:... .4 S
7 H- E.R05«. ..:.... -7 30
¦I » ¦ I. Powell 20 100
•'"'••9 5 ' Hennessey ... 20 " 40
10 60 Thorpe ........ 10. 15
11 . Brodlen •. 60 200
[ndex.
729 San Tomas 112 6
(S6B) Mountebank ...109 3
839 Morella ....107 4
868 Harry Thatcher.. ...lo9 2 )
S6B Coming Event. ...;.. 107 7
856 Burdoclc ........... .-109 9
750 Silver Bullion 112 8
556 Aborlglnof 109 1
664 Fine ShoW 112 «
744 St. Anthony 109 10
509 Fairfax "2 H
Horse.
"Weight. | St.
him.
12
12
4 h
3 h
. 6 1
8 1'
9 h
11
7 h
5 Vi
10 1 .
%m.
1 4
2 4
3 1-
¦ i 5 m.
6 1
9 1 v
10
8 1
4 1
11 '
%m.
Str.
14 Buchanan ....
3 4 I. Powell :
3 h Bozeman
4 1 Ruir
'6 h J. Martin
:6 >4 Henry .„
7 2 . Jenkins :...."..
8 2 K. J0ne5.......
9'i Bullman
10 15 Spencer -...:...
11 Plggott ¦
Fin.'
I
Jockeys.
Betting:.
Op. Cl.
; 2 16-5
2 5-2
20 75
6 15
5 12
:. 8 15
-6' , 6
:7 . io
6 15
'« 12
30
index. Horse. Aite. W>lght.|St.
!ira.
M.m.
%m.
Str."
Fin.
Jockey*.
Cl.
840 .Potente. 6 ...;. 122
. ESS Pomplno. 4 .........102
867 Good . Hope. 1 *¦¦ -90
(877) Imperious. 5 1M
(875) Rio Chico, 4 ......:.1M
861 The Fretter, 4 100
1
5
4
2 r
3 iS
6
2h- • •¦:
3 iv 4
'.." 42 r •-'
12 . ;¦*.
¦ ---6 1 ¦¦-¦¦•
3 2
.- 6 " •?.-.¦
4h
ttim
23
1 l.pii
-6
5 2 "r.c
Mm
2 2: .
.in. .
.•6*.:, ;
4 h-.
6 4-
8 n
18
2 ns
31,
¦t<* 2.
6 8'
, < r.:v
Thorpe
I. Powell
Logrue .........
E. R055. .....:.
Henry;...-..;..
J. Martin......
8-6
• 6-
• 5 ¦
5-2
i -..
10 -¦
5-2
' '.14
t- - 4
5-2
•15
8
Index. Horse. Weight.|St. %m.
... Mamie Hlldreth 115 6 . "...
... Irate •¦ •••??? "•
... Mrs. Brunell 116 1
... Undergrowth ......".115 3 ' ...
... Angle P.. ....116 6
... Too H0t...... -US 4 , ...
... Nellgourle ......;. ..115 8 ...
... Kitty Lundy 115 9 , ....
... Bonlc ... 115 10 .; .
... Eola-LM«............116 7 ...
• ... Bea Bass.*..;.'.. .•••«. l*s Broke down ¦
Mm.-
Mm.
4 4
2 1
1 1
32-
6 8
6 2
7 1
8" 15.
9
10 '.
%m.
Str. Fin.
... . In
2 2
34
... 4 6
... • 6 1
6 1
7 1
¦,-...'¦•- -8 20
... 9
. Pulled up .;. •
Str.
Fin.
| . Jockeya. |Op. Cl.
~ Rulx 15 ,15
Henry 8 - 15
Bullman 3-2 S
Bozeman ..... -39 V)
¦ E. Jones 8 ." ¦ 7
I. P0we11...... 20 20
Hennessey .... 15 20
E. 'R055...'..... 8 • 10
Plggott : 4 -8
.H. Shields..... 10 20
Thorpe 6-6 11-5
Jockeys.
|Op.
Cl.
ndex.
Horse.
•eigl
it.
:t.
,m.
%tn.
%m.
Itr.
In.
;ey«.
84« Esuence 11l 1
(856) Tekla. : HI 5" •
871 ChoteauJ ... 11* ?
873 Loon Katrine 109 2 *
(869) Matt Hogan .......111 8
856 Sam Dennenbaum..lU 6 -
830 Nance O Netr •—.->l o ?j T ¦
871 Steel Diam0nd.... ..1111 Left
. ll H
!2
lh
V 4 1 '¦
\I 1 '
t ...
4 2
5 4
m .
22
,82
« 1
- m
4 4
6 12
' 2"2 '
% 4
lh
6 5 .
¦ '7.' ¦ '
« 1
B2 !
;2 i •
' 4 4 ; '
12
• 5
• :i • '
12
I h
4 4
SI
• I
T
Thorpe.'.'. 7-5
Henry I /
E.-'R0r5."::.."... 7-
M. Bergen..... 6
J. Martin 4
Ruls 10
' Bui Ima n •._... ,6
IWalnrlght ..... »80 .
1
"...8
6
15
7
-- 20
.18
I 100
Index. Horse.
Age. Weight. [St.
Vim.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
in.
sy«.
'P.
ci.
877 Malay, 4 -.v;....;.. ..106 » ft
883 Uarda.' 5, .........^.IW 6 .:
(872) Castake, 5 -109 1
855 - Tappan. 6 ...; ../... JOT s
(876) Lady Britannic. «. -100 2 .
(770) Ootobed. 5 ..........105 4
• .12
. 4 h
.1 h .
» 1
.81 ¦< ¦
.'i.l n '
¦-¦ 4 h
¦': > «-,¦¦ .
'• ''It*'
3 J : '
1 li
4 1 .-
6 I
Ih,
6
\. 1 H
4 1
6 1
,«- ¦
1h : jE.--.R0m...:....
2 2 Mor»e...
¦ I H- Rula :.-.;.......
.4 t . Spencer
5 1 I. Powell
. « Henry .......v.
8-6 -
10
7-5
15
' - 4
- 8-5
20
•
8-5
¦20Four Insolvents.
Petitions in insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: .':,' * ; -,
, Charles vP. "¦ Linton, mechanic, Sacra
mento, liabilities $442 14, assets I sS2;i Martin
H. Schnabel. Newcastle, merchant, lia
bilities $6740 46, assets none: Frank F. Par
ker, farmer, Peters, San Joaquln County,
liabilities $3020 £0. no assets.
John Sloane.'H.-.T. Sloane.-W. W. Law.
George D. Cooper and Joseph D. Cuthbert
filed; a; petition praying ,to have Geofge
Newman declared 'an involuntary', bank
rupt.:. Mr.; Newman- is - a .merchant- In
Jackson, Amador County, and he owes the
petitioners $874 73.
Those Errors in Sheehan's Books.
The controversy . over f the errors and
omissions recently ! discovered in th*». rec
ords ;of former. Tax .Collector, Sheehun
was satisfactorily arranged yesterday by
the latter official.* He offered to deposit a
sum •; equal to the ,. amounts ; not ; marked
paid on the assessment* roll but for which
taxpayers •. hold receipted bills. This will
not be necessary, however; as the sum of
$481,- which he deposited in the city tre&s T
ury, will in all probability cover any pos
sible, shortages. - No action will betaken
in the matter until it: has been straight
ened out by the publication of the dell 11
quent tax list at the end of s this fiscal
year. , .••••..¦"¦..¦ •¦?-.; - - ." '. •.¦ -¦'r.-.z---. ".
GOING HOUSEKEEPING?
Xall to See O_ur
l^Piece Bedroom Set
V- '-FOR $2(0),
White Enameled Iron Bedt, all sizes. $2.90.
EASTERN OUTFITTING^ CO*
1304- 1312 i toekton St^ . Near Broadway.
Open Enningu
For the Italian School.
A concert will be given on the evening
of March 18 at.Bersaglierl Hall for the
benefit of the Italian free school. The nro
gramme, an exceptionally fine one will
nclude numbers by the following artlsta,
late 01 the.- Lombard! company: Tenor
Bardaracco;. Mrs. Blanca Barduccl. so
prano; Slgnorina Zelma Polettlni. mezzo
soprano: G. S. Wanrell.*basao; Professor
V. Ursumando, accompanist.
"Keith's".* Paris hats displayed next
Surprised While Plundering.
Policemen Neil Reardon. J. A." Bellyea
and H. L. Folsom of Captain Gillin's di
vision In the Mission succeeded in landing
three daylight burglars yesterday after
noon. " ' • •?'
Reardon had been detailed by Lieuten
ant Anderson to investigate a , supposed
theft at Sixteenth and Harrison streets.
On hia return to the station he saw three
men in the toolhouse of John Kelso, at
the corner, of Harrison and Sixteenth
streets, lowering : some tools to a trap
door on the rear side of the building.
Reardon locked the door and ' sent for
assistance, and the three men were placed
under arrest. 1 They gave the names of
William. Ballard, Frank Hazard and
James Curran. Charges of burglary were
entered against ; them. It is believed the
three are the- same. individuals that have
been picking up articles from grocery'
stores and " relieving ; delivery wagons of
parcels while the drivers were absent. •
COURT NOTES.
Mike Shaughnessy, who attacked John
H. Hughes, saloonkeeper, Taylor and
Turk streets, because Hughes was the
complaining witness against his brother
John, now in San Quentin for assault to
murder, was yesterday fined $25 by Judgs
Cabanlss. .
Francisco Monola, who bit off Antonio
Garrido's ear in Hlnckley alley, was yes
terday held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Mogan on a charge of
mayhem in $5000 bonds. . ' * .
J. W. McCARTHY IS SECRETARY.
Appointed at a Special Meeting of the
Fire Commissioners Yes
terday.
The Board of Fire Comm!ssioners held
a special meeting yesterday afternoon and
as predicted in The Call appointed J. W.
McCarthy secretary to succeed J. C. Gor
man, who tendered his resignation ten
days ago, as he had to go East on private
business.
The new secretary has been connected
with IVells-Fargo's for the past twenty
eight years, and President Watt an
nounced that he was most highly recom
mended by the company. Commissioner
Grady wanted It understood that McCar
thy was not related to him In any man
ner, shape or form.
ACCIDENT TO A STRANGER.
George Braham Walks Into an Ele-
vator Shaft and Is Badly Injured.
George F. Graham, a recent arrival
from Seattle, fell down an elevator shaft
in front of the Young Men's Christian
Association building last night and was
severely injured. The unfortunate man
is troubled with defective eyesight and
walked in thtf shaft unconscious of his
danger. His groans attracted the atten
tion of a citizen, who at once informed
Police Officer Keyes. The latter had him
removed to the Receiving Hospital, where
an examination disclosed that he had sus
tained a severe injury to the left side, a
contusion of the scalp, lacerated wound of
the left cheek, besides having both wrists
sprained. Graham claims that there was
no guard around the elevator, but this
is denied by the manager of the building.
OBSERVED ANNIVERSARY
OF ITS ORGANIZATION
Coast Seamen's TJnion Braves the Ele
ments With a Parade, Followed .
by Speeches and a Banquet. ' .
The Coast Seamen's Union celebrated
the fifteenth anniversary of its organiza
tion last night with a parade and a ban
quet, the success of which totally eclipsed
all former efforts in that direction. Sanu
wiched-in between the two events there
was speechmaking in the hall of the
union) at Market and East streets, and a
large audience was addressed by forceful
speakers on the issues that affect the
well-being of the American sailor.
The procession moved' from the head
quarters at 8 o'clock with Captain Ed
ward Anderson as grand marshal, assist
ed by Chris Jortall and ' Edward Rosen
berg aB chief aids. Three companies,
numbering 400 sailors. In- uniform, fol
lowed with two ..bands playing martial
airs— Company A, . Captain Frank- John
son; Company B, Captain Thomas Fan
nerty, and Company C, Captain 'C.
Thompson. An advance guard of twenty
four men under Captain Helmgren headed
the parade, which marched down East
street to Folsom, .to Steuart, up. Market,
to Fourth, countermarching to Kearny, to
California, to Market and to the head
quarters.
The speeches began in the main hall as
soon as the vast audience * had . become
seated. Captain Anderson after stating
that March 6 was the "sailors" day of In
dependence." introduced Ed Rosenberg,
manager of;the Coast Seamen's Journal,
as the chairman of the- evening, and he
introduced Hon. James G.Maguire. After
the tumultuous applause which | greeted
Judge Maguire's appearance had subsided
he proceeded to recount the events leading
up to the Congressional fight made for
the seamen by which • they were emanci
pated from' their thralldom. He traced
the struggle in the Fifty-third,- Fifty
fourth and Fifty-fifth Congresses, and the
final victory of the measure. Remarks
were also made by Nick Jortall and Chri3
Jortall, after which the: members- and
their guests adjourned to the banquet hall,
where an abundant repast was' served. ¦
GOOD CARD TO BE RUN
OFF AT INGLESIDE PARK
An excellent card was drawn at Pythian
Castle last night: to > be run oft at Ingle
side Coursing Park' to-morrow. k Forty
eight high-class dogs are in the stake,
and as the entries are closely drawn, some
interesting and highly exciting courses
will result. Prizes will be divided among
the winning dogs as follows: Winner 150,
runner-up |30, third $20, next three $12 50
each, next six $7 50 each, next twelve $2 50
each. Following is the result of the draw-
Ing:
Midweek stake. 48 eritrles— B. M. Kellojrir's
Sweet. Emma vb. A.' Johnson's Tod Sloan: H.
Lynch 181 8 Game Cock vs. Curtis & Son's Echo;
T. Harrington's Beau Peep vs. J. Seggerson's
Candelarla:- R. Prlnele's Honor Bright vs. M.
B. KavanaUßh's Hard Lines; M. Michlllk's
Old Glory vs. Russell.' Allen & Wilson's Miss
Cable; P. O'Brien's Fielder vs. H. Lynch' s
Clalrboume; . J. H: Perigo's Carlta Vincent vs.
CurtU & Son's Terronlte; P. X. ¦ Foley's Alaru*
vs. T. Logan's Miss Grizzle; McCarthy & Mul
leins Brentwood Belle vs.. D. Hooper's Morse
Patrol: S. Handy 1 s Lady Hugo vs. S. Handy's
Twin City Girl; M.> Nealon's' Agamemnon vs.
Frank McComb's Miss Skyrocket; T. A. Gaft
ney's Sir John'Arnot- vs.-M. Nealon's Athena;
J. McNeil's Pearl Mac vs. •* George Ehman's
Target; J. Flower's Keystone vs. J. H. Perigo's
Penegxant; J. Holloway's • Brian Boru vs. Joe
Watklns' Merciless; • 'Bartel Brothers' Betsy
Barrow vs. M. Nealon' 8 -.Aeneas;. J. Perry's
Commodore Nash vs.T. Logan's (names) Leah;
Bartels Brothers' Banner Bright - vs. •S. Mo
nlch's (names) Golden Cinch; J. McNeil's Cap
tain Byrnes vs. .A." J.- Kemp's Remember .Me;
J. Perry's Olga' vs • G. ¦ Ambercrombie's Miss
Rabbit: F. ¦ Monti's .Bit of ; Fashion vs. T. J.
McHugh's Moss .Rose; F.C. Mack's (names)
Delia M vs. X/ M.. Kellogg' s Lady Gtlmore;
R. Attrldge's Masterpiece, vi. J. H. Perigo's
Onward; J. H. Perlgo's ' Belle Seward vs. Joe
Watklns' Merciful. -¦-*¦?'.><
Dr. Parker*» Cough Cure. One do«e will stop
• cough. Never fails. Try It. All druggists. •
Half Price.
This I guarantee on a 15000 bond to
be the genuine, original and patented Dr.
Sanden B:lt, made in 1809, and having a
30 years' reputation as the grandest
rem-dv for RHEUMATISM. KIDNEY
TROUBLE and all PAINS and WEAK-
NESS of man and woman. I am now
selling these , Belts at half price. Call
and test them, or send for prices and
book, "Three Classes of Msn" and
"Maiden, Wife and Mother," mailed free.
DR. S. S. HALL,
LION DftUO CO.,
Cor. Stockton and Market Sta.. San Francisco
CONVENTION TO ELECT
DISTRICT DELEGATES
Republican Committee of the Fourth
Congressional District to Hold a
Meeting at Pythian Castle
To-Night.
Yesterday Joseph Spear Jr., chairman of
the Republican Congressional Committee
of. the Fourth District, appointed a com
mittee, consisting -of Dr. P. A. Kearney,
P. H. Prendergast and A. Barnard to ar
range for a meeting of the entire commit
tee.
The members of the Fourth District
Committee are: Joseph Spear Jr., P. H.
Prendergast, A. Barnard, Dr. P. A. Kear
ney. J. l^evl Jr., A. Ruef, William Howe,
James McCabe, Albert Houston. R. H.
Williams, Charles Metzner, J. A. Hoey,
Thomas F. Lennon, M. Smith. D. D. Lus
tig, Martin Brady, J. H. JCelson and
James Snook.
The subcommittee appointed yesterday
arranged for a meeting of the entire com
mittee in Crystal Hall, fvthian Castle,
SMS Market street, this evening. It is un
derstood that preliminary steps will be
taken for calling a district convention for
the purpose of choosing two delegates to
the Republican National Convention.
BOXERS in all their varieties took
part in the Olympic Athletic Club
tournament last night, and showed
the sport in all Its phases. There
were no knockouts, but in four of
the bouts the seconds threw up
the sponge, thus- saving their men from
needless punishment. The righting in the
majority of the ten bouts was of the hur
ricane order, the boxers standing up
gamely under the most trying conditions.
John L. Scholes of Toronto, Canada,
champion 125-pound amateur boxer of
America, England and Canada, was the
first of the Eastern champions to appear.
He created a most favorable impression
by his manly bearing in the ring, and was
given an ovation when he appeared first,
and another and. if anything, a more cor
dial one. after he displayed his remark
able prowess as a boxer when he defeated
F. Macdonald of the Reliance Athletic
Club. Macdonald is a stocky boxer of the
Sharkey type. He rushed at Scholes,
head down and swinging wildly, but was
unable to make any stand against the
clever Easterner. The latter is tall and
rather slightly built, being reminiscent of
Kid McCoy. He is a master In the art
of jabbing. An elastic bandage over the
elbow Joint of his left arm heightens the
Impression that he is not so strong as he
m He landed at will on Macdonald In the
first round. The Reliance Club man was
swinging all the time trying to place an
effective blow, but to no avail. Twice
Scboles slipped on the floor of the elevated
ring, and the admirers of Macdonald
thought their man was doing some effec
tive work. This idea was dispelled in the
ANOTHER HOLE
PUNCHED IN THE
NEW CHARTER
Stenographers Are Governed
by State Laws Which
Fix Their Fees.
A hole of considerable size was knocked
In the' charter yesterday by a decision
handed" down by Superior Judge Seawell
in the suit- instituted by Luke Kavanagh.
stenographer of Department 6, to compel
Treasurer Brooks to pay him the fees pro
vided for by the State laws. The court
holds that criminal cases are exclusively
a matter of State concern and that tha
city and county representatives exceeded
their authority when they incorporated in
the charter a provision directly affecting:
the preservation of records of the trials
of criminals, in which the city and county
has no interest other than it has In com
mon with all the people of the State in
upholding: the administration of the laws.
In passing on the issues raised In the
case Judge Seawell, In part, said:
The question presented, for determination is
whether in thia city and county section 274 of
the Code of Civil Procedure. «o far as it pro-,
vides for the compensation of reporters in crim
inal cases, has been superseded by the section
of \he charter fixing' stenographer's fees.
While it may be conceded that a provision In
a charter not relating to municipal affairs may
be valid in the absence of a general law upon
the subject, if there is such a general law, the
charter must yield to the general law.
Criminal cases are exclusively a matter of
State concern. They are prosecuted in the
name and by the authority of the people of the
State. A particular county or city and county
has no Interest In them other than it has In
common with all the people of the State In up
holding the administration of the laws. .
It may be observed that the section of the
charter under consideration' does not fix the
salary of reporters in the criminal departments
of the Superior Court at any definite sum, but
merely declares that th#y shall each receive an
annual salary not exceeding $2400. If any board
or officer has the power under the charter to
determine the amount within this maximum
limit it does not appear to have been exer
cised.
Again, the section of the charter, under con
sideration provides for the payment of an an
nual salary to the "stwographers In the crim
inal departments of the Superior Court." Some
of the departments of that court are engaged
In the trial of both criminal and civil cases.
Only a small part of his time may- be occupied
in the trial of criminal cases, and yet the re
porter In such' a department ¦ would receive his
annual salary and also fees in civil cases from
private litigants, while the reporter In a de
partment occupied with criminal cases exclu
sively would receive only the annual salary
For the reasons above stated, the demurrer to
the petition will -be overruled. ¦
The overruling of 'defendant's demurrer
leaves him without further defense, and
the provision in the charter regulating
stenographers' fees is now a nullity
Prominent Figures at the Opening of the Boxing Carnival.
AUTHORITIES DECLARE
• THE PLAGUE
Cannot Obtain a Footing: Here
Surgeon General W. X. Van
Reypen of the navy is an au
thority on the bubonic
plague. In discussing the
probability of its reaching
San Francisco he says: "The
climatic conditions of the
United States preclude the
possibility of the plague ever
getting within this country.
It is a- disease peculiar to the
Orient, and seldom, if ever,
attacks Europeans. The bu
bonic plague with reference
to the United States is like
beri beri. A Japanese vessel
once brought a number - of
cases of this disease to New
York. Those afflicted were
isolated and soon recovered.
There is absolutely no danger
of 'the plague ever getting
here."
The acting, surgeon general
of the army,- Colonel Charles
H. Alden, says: "The quar
antine service is so efficient
that the bubonic plague could
never obtain a foothold in the
United States, even though
the conditions were favorable.
I don't know of a single case
of plague in the United States.
It is a disease which flourishes
only where there is dirt and
filth."
THE RESULTS.
Daniel Danzlcer defeated R. Martin.
Frank McConnell Jr. defeated A.
Rourke.
William Schoenbein defeated O.
Murphy.
J. L>. Scholes defeated F. Macdonald.
TV. J. Leonard defeated J. Sullivan.
George Eager defeated W. H. Hain
mersley.
J. E. Britt defeated R. Harridan.
W. J. Gooby defeated F. Ferem.
Joseph A. Rock defeated J. Mulligan.
J. A. Munroe defeated C. Milward.
TRIED TWICE TO END
HER MISERABLE LIFE
Sirs. Erickson Vainly Attempts to
Commit Suicide in the City
Prison.
While temporarily Insane from the tf-
f>cts of liquor, Mrs. Emma Erlckson, a
middle-aged woman, last night made two
attempts to' commit suicide in the City
Prison. Yesterday afternoon the woman
was arrested on a charge of drunkenness
and placed In the cell set apart for in
ebriated females. Several hours later
ehe securely lied «. ribbon around her
threat and vainly endeavored to strangle
herf^lf. The screams of another inmate
of the cell attracted the attention of a
trilst y. who hastily summoned Turnkey
I »onohue and Desk Sergeant Lindheimer.
Thpy quickly opened the cell door and re
moved the ribbon from Mrs. Erickson's
throat.
• Shortly afterward she secured another
pl*-cf of ribbon and again tried to strangle
herself. When discovered her tongue was
¦protruding and she otherwise seemed in
thf* throes of death. She was hastily re
nioved to the Receiving Hospital in the
patrol wagon, where, under the treatment
of the surgeon on duty, she soon recov
ered. When questioned she answered in
coherently, and as it was evident that her
mind was tottering it was decided to
charge her with insanity. She was then
removed to the detention ward, pending
an examination by the Commissioners of
Lunacy as to her mental condition.
THE LATEST NOVELTIES
FOR SPRING 1900.
Is a Highly Developed* Product of the Ring— Athletes Show Game
ness and Considerable Skill.
BOXER SCHOLES IS THE STAR AT
OLYMPIC ATHLETIC CLUB BOUTS
ATVPTTftTIBiaiENTa. "
NEW GOODS
ALL DEPARTMENTS.
THIEVES SNEAK
AWAY WITH THE
CONSUL'S JEWELS
Bolivia's Representative in
Jail on a Charge of
Drunkenness.
When He Awoke in a Prison Cell His
Diamonds, Gold Watch, Money
and Overcoat Were
Gone.
Several detectives are searching the city
for the men or women who robbed Bele
sario Mello, the Consul for Bolivia, some
time on Sunday night or early Monday
morning, he does not know which or
¦where.
Mello went to a downtown restaurant
on Sunday night with some congenial
friends for dinner. He drank copiously of
the wine that is red and when he recov
ered his senses on Monday morning he
was In a cell in the City Prison with a
number of men with whom he had not
been accustomed to associate. He could
net realize what had happened him, and
when he was taken into Judge Cabanlss
court with other "drunks" he meekly told
th« Judge it was his first offense and was
discharged.
When he started out Sunday night he
had a diamond pin. a diamond ring, a
very valuable gold watch and chain and a
well filled purse: but all these had dis
appeared, besides his overcoat and gloves.
He wondered why his hat had not been
appropriated also. He met a friend, who
advised him to report his loss to the
police, and they went to Captain Bohen
and gave a description of the stolen arti
cles. He said he had not the remotest
Idea of what happened him after he was
at dinner in the restaurant, but he ex
pressed a strong desire to get his prop
erty back and no questions asked.
About 1 o'clock Monday morning Police
man Geimann's attention was attracted
by some one shouting and singing on
Geary street, near Grant avenue. He
went In the direction of the sound and
found a man clinging to a lamp-post.
Geiniann asked him his name, but the
only answer he rot was, "I'm the Consul,
I'm the Consul.' Geimann called to Po
liceman Collins, who happened along, and
as they could not get any sense out of the
man he was taken to the patrol box and
cent to the City Prison in the patrol
wagon on a charge of "drunk." There
he was able to give something like his
r.ame. When searched nothing was found
In his pockets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ; MARCH 7, 1900.
POLICE KEEPING
QUARANTINE GUARD
OVER CHINATOWN
Suspicious Death of a La
borer Beings Investigated
by Dr. O'Brien.
Some Doubt as to the Nature of the
Case, but the Locality Has
Been Isolated ' for
Safety's Sake.
«¦¦¦''.:'¦' .
What is thought to be the bubonic
plague, according to Health Officer
O'Brien, has been discovered in China
town. One Chinaman living at 10M Du
pont street succumbed to the disease late
last night. Immediately after his death
was reported to Chief of Police Sullivan
the Chief detailed all of the available
officers to exclude the whites from China
town. Strict orders were also given to
police officers to carefully guard the va
rious, streets leading to the Chinese
quarter to prevent all Chinese from leav
ing.
By these means the head of, the Police
Department, as well as the health author
ities, hope to prevent any spread of the
disease. .
That the plague existed in the Chinese
quarter was kept a secret until late last
night, when the Chinese laborer died sud
denly under suspicious circumstances. -
A police officer, suspecting that he was
a victim of the disease, at once notified
Health Officer O'Brien. Dr. O'Brien ex
amined the body and came to the con
clusion that the officer's suspicion's were
correct. He ordered a strict quarantine
of the house, after which he promptly
telephoned to Chief Sullivan.
. The Chief was attending a meeting of
the Police Commissioners when he re
ceived the message. Without waiting to
listen to the concluding words of an ad
dress which was being delivered by an at
torney, who with eloquence was vigor
ously endeavoring to save the star of an
offending policeman, Sullivan repaired to
his private office. He then sent for Cap
tain Wittman, who had been apprised of
the suspicious death of the Chinaman,
and hurriedly told him of the message he
had received from Dr. O'Brien.
The Chief was at first in favor of with
drawing his two squads from the Chinese
district, but as he feared that the rival
highbinders would take advantage of the
situation and renew hostilities, he de
cided to keep them there. He, however,
promptly made out a detail of all his
available men to report at once to their
various captains for duty In Chinatown.
They will be assigned to positions along
the narrow streets leading into Chinatown
with strict instructions not to allow any
body to enter or leave. ,' ' ,_ /
The health authorities are satisfied that
they will succeed in wiping out the plague
before it can claim another victim. A
strict quarantine ¦ will be established to
day and every, precaution will be taken to
prevent a spread of the disease.
The lodging-house where the unfortun
ate Chinese succumbed to the effects of
the so-called plague will be thoroughly
fumigated this morning and the occu
pants will not be' allowed outside.
Realizing the necessity for prompt ac
tion In preventing the disease from
spreading Chief Sullivan intends, if the
gravity of the situation requires It, to de
tail every member of the department to
guard the entrances to Chinatown and
prevent the Mongolians from leaving.
Come Just to Look
Big Value
Cblnawaro
Crockery
Glassware
Lamp*
Ornaments
Novelties
Clocks
Come Just to Look.
Great American Importifljr Tea Co.
Stores ETcrjrwliere*
!•« Stores.
Requisitions Must Be Posted.
The Supervisors* Printing Commutes
yesterday decided that requisitions for
printing and supplies must be posted for
three days : prior to the } filing of bids, so
thafthe public. may' inspect them. Thla
'action- was taken to ' prevent ' further un
favorable criticism on methods formerly
employed in awarding the contracts. Bid*
lor supplying books to the Recorder's ct-
third round, when Milward was struck
and fell heavily on his face. The sponge
went up this. time, as Milward was not fit
to continue.'
The lightweights showed some of the
best contests of the night. J. A. Rock, J.
E. Britt,. George Eager and W. J. Gooby
all showed to good advantage. Rock has
the self-possessed air of a professional
and he administered a lot of punishment
to James Mulligan. The latter was game
to the end and was on the aggressive the
major portion of the time, although pun
ished badly. • The bout was one of the
most bitterly contested of the night.
Britt did not show to the best advan
tage. His opponent, Harrigan, crouched i
low and kept his gloves in front of his
face. Britt has a dangerous left, which
he ripped in repeatedly on the stomach
to the evident discomfort of his opponent.
In the second round they stood up and
slugged for a spell, Britt having the best
of the little assault at arms. The deci
sion went to Britt. .
W. J. Gooby had F. Ferem nearly scared
to death in their bout- Ferem's seconds
came to his rescue by throwing up the
sponge early in the second round. Gooby
was a slow starter, but once in action he
made amends for any slowness. He fol
lowed Ferem around the ring with glove
poised in air as if prepared to do unutter
able things to him. Once he rushed head
long across the ring and hurled himself
on Fereih. When the round ended ho
strolled leisurely and by a* circuitous
route to his corner. Ferem dazed Gooby
once with a left swing, but was himself
quickly reduced to a state of non-com
batlveness, when his : seconds saved him
by throwing up the sponge to his evident
delight.
George Eager, who bears a striking re
semblance to Champion Jeffries, won rrom
W. H. Hammersley. Eager proved a hard
hitter and clever boxer, although for a
brief moment he was in difficulty from a
hard right. Blood flowed freely, making
both men as red as Indians from their
waists up.
The night's boxing commenced with thi>
feather-weights, and they showed great
sport. Frank . McConnell j Jr. won the
crowd with his cleverness, gameness and
hard hitting.. He won from A. Ramke.
The Judges could not agree on a winner
in the Danzlger-Martln bout, and' Refereo
Kitchen ordered an additional round. Even
then they, could not decide. . The referee
cast his vote for Danziger. ' -v'" •".¦¦
At a special members-m eeting, held be
fore the boxers appeared. ¦ the members
defeated a resolution submitted by the di
rectors which would permlf the boar-i
alone to amend ; the by-lawa .by. a two
thirds majority. •< -¦¦
The Eastern wrestling champions will he
seen in action to-night. There are some
fourteen interesting. bouts on the card.
flee were opened, and It was found that
the total cost would be 0600. Chief Dep
uty Myrtle stated that be had Included In
his list only such books as were- abso
lutely indispensable, and If they were not
furnished the copyists In the Recorder**
office would be discharged. The contracts
were awarded In separate lots to the low
est bidders, who said that they would
take chances on • getting pay for their
goods. . ' --' -
second round, when Scholes peppered his
opponent all over the ring. Macdonald
went to the floor several times to avoid
punishment, but Scholes was always the
gentlemanly boxer and took no. unfair ad
vantage. - - •
Early in the third round Macdonald,
whose face was commencing to show the
effects of frequent visitations of Scholes'
gloves, went to the floor. Scholes tried
to lift him to his feet at once, but he
would not permit him to do so, taking a
rest of eight seconds. All the fight had,
apparently, been taken out of the man
from across the bay, and his' seconds
threw up the sponge before the round was
completed. Scholes was cheered as he left
the arena and took a seat by the ring
side, where he could see his next oppo
nent, \V. J. Leonard, in action.
The fighting blood of Leonard was
aroused in his bout with Joe Sullivan and
he heedlessly committed a breach of ring
etiquette, for which he was roundly hissed.
He had Jabbed Sullivan until the latter
showed unmistakable signs of having ex
tracted all the sport there was in the
game for him. Early in the third. round
Sullivan's seconds threw up the -sponge
and Leonard's seconds Jumped into the
ring. But before they could stop him he
rushed at Sullivan, who was badly dis
tressed, and knocked him to the floor. He
apologized for his error, but the specta
tors hissed him from the ring. Leonard
knocked Sullivan down repeatedly during
the bout and the latter usually stayed
down as long as- possible. From appear
ances the star bout of the tournament will
be between Leonard and Scholes. in the
final of the special class, which Includes
the boxers weighing 125 pounds. Leonard
is much the heavier muscled, but it re
mains to be seen if Scholes 1 greater
familiarity with ring tactics will not
counterbalance this.
Only one bout was fought in the heavy
weight class, J. A. Munroe, the giant foot
ball player, meeting and winning from
Charles Mil ward, who weighed some forty
pounds less than he did. When "Bob"
McGibben. the announcer, said he was a
heavy-weight, a ripple of laughter swept
through the gymnasium, as any one with
half an eye could see he was. The.dis
parity In the size of the men was such
as to Indicate that Milward had no
chance. Munroe hustled him about the
ring and once in his impetuosity he near
ly dashed headlong through the ropes be
fore he could check himself. Milward
was down for six seconds in the first
round and had difficulty in lasting it out.
A left swing flush on the mouth nearly
put him out of business. In the second
round he sustained a badly cut mouth and
went down hard, taking eight seconds on
the floor. There were murmurs among
the spectators that the unequal battle be
stopped. It -proceeded some time into the
SPECIAL!
150 dozen NOVELTY RIBBON TIES, with knotted fringe ends,
latest colorings.
Prices 25c to $1.75 Each.
NEW BLACK SILK AND WOOL NOVELTY VEILINGS, CRISPS,
CANVAS CLOTHS, GRENADINES AND CREPONS.
NEW FANCY-COLORED CREPONS, MOTTLED CHEVIOTS,. GOLF
SUITINGS, CRISPS AND PLAIDS.
• NEW FANCY SILK TAFFETAS, in Open Work, Corded, Plissa
and Hemstitched Effects.
NEW SILK GINGHAMS, FOULARD SATEENS, LINEN SUITINGS,
WASH CREPES, FRENCH ORGANDIES AND WHITE
PIQUES.
: NEW ALL-OVER NETS, APPLIQUE CHIFFONS, SPANGLED
NETS, TAFFETA VESTINGS, TRIMMING LACES AND
FINE EMBROIDERIES. S£
NEW SILK WAISTS, SILK SKIRTS, WASH WAISTS, LACE AND j
EMBROIDERY TRIMMED SKIRTS AND GOWNS.
¦ Men's vici kid shoes wcth $3 50 for $1 SO a
pair at the sale of shoes, 717 Market st. -v
Police : Sergeants Changed.
Owing to Sergeant PatMahoney's detail
to quell the highbinders. Chief Sullivan
yesterday detailed Sergeant Joseph-. J.
Burnett for patrol duty in, Mahoney's
place. Burnett, has been; on duty, at' the
O"Farrell-street station and his place will
be taken by Sergeant John Moffltt, who
has ' been .on duty at headquarters for
several years. MofflU's place will . not be
filled. " ¦ -..-.•.• - - ' :.- .- ¦-, ¦.-¦¦ -. ¦¦ ,
¦¦ ' . ' : ¦ ' s-' ¦¦¦.'. :¦'¦' "-
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans bn'mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery.*
ill. 113, 115. 117. 119. 12! POST STREET.
. • -. - * • • -•- ¦
KWgKTMC B jjMlJ
<7here is ali&ht_
i iand c o Tnf o rtabl c filing JL
vl! 'lI IW Sn o e S WifSifflf
I ¦ il SEND FOR OUR ILLUSTRATED" I 1^39
1 mbm catalog^ of spring styles. -Illllllr"!**' 1 II
12