party and captured a, few boxes of-am
munition . and nearly secured -a \ Maxim.
Lieutenant Tyler was killed and-Lleuten
ant Chapman captured. ¦ Colonel Bodle,'
coming up, put the Boers to flight .with
heavy loss.
-The Boers yesterday were within a few
miles of Lobatsi. Yesterday afternoon tha
Boers pressed closely on Colonel Plumer's
main camp and kept up a hot fire with a
Maxim, killing a white man and a native.
They placed the Maxim and a twelve and
a' half pounder on a hill on the east side
of the line, 4000 yards from the camp. The
British right Is protected by. Chief Bath
con, who has warned the. Boers not to en.
ter his territory.
Colonel Plumer's present endeavor IV to
Insure the safety of the railway north cf
Lobatsi and to watch weir the left flank.
It is probable that before the Boer.* re
treat toward Pretoria they will tackle the
Rhodesians in fo/ce.
It .is reported that -the burghers ar^
abandoning the environs * of Maf eking,
leavjng only a sufficient number of ar
tillerists to man the big guns. There are
none at Ramathlabam, where they were
supposed to have their base. Colonel Plu
mer'B Bcouts were at Ramathlabam yes
terday. The usual Maf eking dispatches
are overdue, but no anxiety is felt on that
score. : i
Dynamite explosions wrecking the rail
way are proceeding of Lobatsi.
BID FOR DELAGOA BAY.
NEW. YORK, March 22.— George W.
Van .- Slcklen, . president of the - American
Council " of ' the ' South : "African ' republics
and advocate In;Amerlca for the Trans
vaal,' to-day sent the following official let-"
ter to i the ; Portuguese Minister . at Wash
ington: .;.
Dear. Sir: I am in a position to offer to you.
as", 111 1 do/? to . lend ; the Government^ of Portugal
the sum necessary,to'pay^ the award known as
the | Delaffoa Bay award, which " has Just ¦ been
made"; by the Geneva' arbitration tribunal. ; say
$6,000,000. ; Fair and satisfactory . terms, to be
arranged..- ;' .
The offer is regarded as a move on the
part of the Boers to offset any offer which
England may make to Portugal, thus em-
Native- 1 Runner With- Dispatches From Mafeking > Arriving at |
r Colonel Plumer's Outpost Near • Lobatsi. I
Ed Wednesday: "It is rumored that Mr.
Kruger and Mr. Steyn will meet at Kroon
stad t, in the Orange Free State, on April
¦4, to discuss the future programme. The
feeling between the Transvaal and the
Free State is very bitter." .
MILNER'S JOURNEY.
CAPE TOWN. March 22.— Sir Alfred
Milner, after leaving Norvals Pont, arriv
ed at Colesberg at 7 o'clock 1 this morning.
An hour later he left for Stormberg.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. March 22.— State troops recognizing the Democratic Gov
ernor, Beckham. are in possession' of the county courthouse and . jail to
night and will do military duty there under orders- from Governor Beck
ham during the examining trials of Republican Secretary of State Powers,
Captain John W. Davis and W. H. Culton, which are set for hearing before
Judge Moore to-morrow.
The military is also reinforced by seventy-five special Deputy Sheriffs, who
were sworn in by the civil authorities this afternoon. The Lexington company of
seventy men. under Captain Longacre, arrived here at 6:15 o'clock. The men were
drawn up in rcjerular marching order at the station and. marched to the court
house. The sidewaiks along the way were well filled with people and the troops
were cheered by Beckham adherents at various ooihts. The -line of . march ; dld
not pass the State House square, whf rp. rrnvexnar-lajiliir-'ii soldiers are quartered,
and the dual militia did not come face to face. Longacre i-^arched at "the- head
of hla company carrying a revolver* while each of the men 'carried two-guns.: It
is understood .that practically the entire contents of the Lexlngtpn armory have
been brought here. • • ¦ > ; • . :•-;"->
The indiCEtions to-night are that the trial of some of the defendants will be
entered upon to-morrow. County Attorney Polsgrove said to-night that all of' the
"pubpenas for commonwealth witnesses had been served, and unless some of the
more important witnesses fall to come the trials will be commenced. The com
monwealth will demand that the defendants be arraigned separately. County
Judge Moore this afternoon issued an order to Sheriff Suter directing him to ex
clude everybody from the courthouse to-morrow except attorneys, witnesses and
members of the press. There has been no confirmation here of rumors that
armed bodies of citizens from the mountain section are coming to Frankfort, and
the rumor Is not generally credited.
Democratic Governor Beckham issued an address, to the people of Kentucky
to-nirht explaining his action in calling out the troops. In this address he says:
In calline out the militia to protect the court in Frankfort, I wi*h to say that no
cm^ lv mnr? averse to military rule than I am. I beli«ve that It should be the last
resort that any official should use. and I lament the necessity that requires It at this
time. According to law. the civil authorities of Fr»nklln Cpunty. have presented to me
a statement of facts which shows that a condition of. lawlessness- Is threatened here
with which they are unable to- deal and they have called upon me for assistance. I have
In compliance with their call ordered here certain £tate troops to place • themeslves com
pletely under the authority of ' Use Sheriff of the county, with instructions that they rhall
assist him In protecting the. court of this county from' threatened' intimidation as well^
»s to protect the prisoners who are tried by that court " to-morrOw." * These troops shall"'
be etrictly under the control of the civil authorities In preserving order and protecting
the diETjity of the court. that-Ju*tice may««be done to all parties.. _-~. _ ¦__-_ s:".\ • . "
CORBIN. Ky.. March 22.— Sheriff Reese of Knox County has summoned as wit
nesses in the Goebel murder case Ella' Smith. Jane Catron and Lizzie Matthews
of Barbourvllle. tvho are alleged to have said they heard^ John Powers remark
that if some one aid not kill Goebel he would do so. They "will testify at Powers'
hearing to-morrow. v . i V - - '
BECKHAM'S MEN
GUARD THE JAIL
AT FRANKFORT
Will Be On Duty Night and Day
During the Coming
Tpialc;
Marched From the Station Doubly Armed,
but Did Not Come Into Contact With i;^
Troops Under Taylor's Orders.
GROWN PRINCESS
STEPHANIE WEDS
COUNT LONYAY
Leaves Court Life and a Big
Income to Again Become
a Bride.
King -of Belgium and Emperor of Austria
Defied by the Woman Who Makes
Heroic Sacrifices.
register their names and take over their
arms. ', ¦.'..; ' .-> -• /- •-•¦.'-.,' -.¦ ¦-¦¦, V.V --.:¦¦<¦¦_
•'A cavalry brigade has gone to'the east
ward to Thahanchu, and a \ detachment
from Springfontein • has Smith
field, ; where some ; Transvaalers and a
wagon -, with ' arms ; and •' ammunition were
captured. .The Scots Guards are at Eden
burg and Reddersburg. General Clements'
brigade [ is ;hlth'erj:by way -of
Phlllpopolls*. and Fauresmlth." ,¦¦
ARTILLERY DUEL
NEAR WARRENTON
KIMBERLET, '"¦' Thursday,; March 22.^
There ' was : a ' smart - artillery duel , near
Warrenton I yesterday; morning.. A" bat
tery^ under ; Major! Blewltt,: supported 'by
the i Kimberleyi Light ', Horse.V located * the
Boers, who 1 employed' four '¦¦. guns,^ two of
which. used cordite," but'lneffectively.'- The
• British * battery •" replied .;. with > effect * and
silenced ' the ; Boer -fire. The Boers sent
two shells near. the railway station, which
was not damaged. • ,; ':'.< r %
fe A | party; got Jtoo • close vto • the
bank- of .the; river ;and: encountered ft hot
fire. 7,The s men', were? unable to' get, away
and I it* was : impossible^ tp ".{relieve ii them"
without ; loss, Hhe party ; being ' obliged to
W.altfor darkness in order; to escape. The
party; retired x wltlT only 'one jWounded; ;¦; pi
W'.Thls ' morning 1 brisk ; firing ¦ was i resumed
at -Warrenton": about < 6:30 , o'clock, but , It
has now slacked up. A detachment of
fusiliers has arrived. ['. :: ¦ . . .
Two Vryburg inhabitants who have
been * Imprisoned by.; the - Boers" were sent
into ,"Warrenton under a white flag, after
being taken from laager to laager around
the : district. "They- say that the big gun
from - Kimberley \ has ;- been taken • through
Christiana to Pretoria. There are. women
and - children : InTnearly. every 'laager.
Trains now run within eight . miles of
Warrenton., •" . ;
PLUMER'S ADVANCE
CHECKED BY THE BOERS
.'; LOBATSI, March > 16.— The Boers ¦ under
Commandant ;>; > Snyman are : advancing in
force ?;. from":" Maf eking ' ¦ toward - Lobatsl. ;
Colonel Bodle ' made a . reconnolssance ; on
March 13 and found Pitsanl and . Pothlugo
occupied ¦ by , : the ' Boers.' OHe ; returned ?to
Goode , Siding ' and j made < a demonstration
on ? March; 14.'*; He^ found ?the , > Boera^ in
strength at a sharp curve on the railroad. 1
,They. had : mounted ' a"' gun on • the" line and
were' lying , In 4 wait for the construction
train. . .',' -SI ' ; " . • :"; ; . '¦ .. - . •; - ¦ / ;: :¦'.
-^'A' brisk firing, occurred a few miles south
of Lobatsi on the morning of the 15th. The
Boers' ; Maxim » was ': freely^ used; ; - Colonel
Bodle 'came : in touch >.wltlr the" Boers Just
In* time Ho % prevent Uhe; camp being sur
prised. ¦ . The Boers * attacked the " advance
REPORTED DEFEAT
OF GENERAL GATACRE
KROONSTADT, > Orange Free State,
Tuesday, March 20 (via^ Pretoria, March
22). — The : Boers commanded by ;-. General
Olivier have' engaged the British under
General Gatacre in the .vicinity of Beth
ulie, repulsing the British with heavy loss
and capturing j many' of . them. Burghers
are arriving here in great numbers. :•¦
General De ,Wet arrived here to-day.
Desultory fighting .with Colonel; Plumer!s
column- has occurred near Gaberones.'
ALIWAL NORTH. Cape Colony, March
22.— Commandant Olivier -left Smlthfleld
two hours before: the - British scouts'ar
rived. He . only succeeded In ¦ inducing
about 150 , men ¦to accompany him, mostly
insurgent colonists." The Free Staters
refused to go with him and are returning
to their farms. !.
BURGHERS CONTINUE TO
SURRENDER TO ROBERTS
/.LONDON, March 22.— Lord Roberts tele
graphs', from f Bloemfonteln -under date ' of
March, 2l as follows: TwOT^W^ti^PrW
"So many have' expressed a
desire J to . surrender .•, under ..the s terms '.' of
the ¦ last ' proclamation i that ;•; I \ have sent
some' columns in various directions to
FIFTEEN HUNDRED MEN
NOW OUT ON STRIKE
Machinists Employed in More Than
Fifty Establishments Lay Down
; --V Their Tools.
i CLEVELAND. March 22.— 1n accord
ance i with ,the i decision reached at the
meeting! wlilch lasted practically through
out the night, the machinists employed in
more, than fifty establishments laid down
their tools to-day. It is stated that 1500
men are out, including non-union. Should
the strike continue a few days several
thousand men in other trades dependent
on the machinists will become idle. The
strikers declare they will remain out un
til their demand for a nine-hour day with
ten hours' pay Is granted by the employ
ers.
In four establishments the machinists
were notified early in the day that their
demands had been granted. In these shops
the men continued at work. '
President O'Connell of the International
Machinists' Union 'has issued the follow
ing statement:
If the nine-hour day Is not wanted by the
employer* of machinists throughout the coun
try by April 1 there will be a. general strike.
Involving 200,000 machinists, and not a wheel
will be turned until that concession Is made.
Telegrams are pouring in from all sections
of the country asking permission to make the
demand. I am, however, trying to avoid the
necessity of a general strike, • and If the offi
cers of the National Metal Trades Association
can be Induced to meet us In a spfrlt of fair
ness, without imposing unreasonable conditions
to their propositions, a general strike can be
averted. ..........
If, the employers, however. Insist that all
present strikes must = be - declared off for an
indefinite period before they will consider, the
question of arbitration an amicable adjustment
cannot be looked for. -
President O'Connell left, here 'to-day' for
Erie; Pa., where he expects to confer with
President Selden of the National . Metal
Trades Association, with a view to,bring
ing about a- settlement \of \ pending -ma
chinists' strikes -at various points;
WILL INVESTIGATE
MACRUM'S CHARGES
WASHINGTON. March 22.— Charles E.
Macrum, formerly United States Consul at
Pretoria, South Africa, will be.glven hear
ing by the House Committee on Foreign
Affairs. It was decided by the committee
this morning that Macrum -'should be
htard and he" will probably appear before
the committee to-morrow. '¦ 'It •is'under
elood that he will give a. detailed account
of the events preceding his departure from
Pretoria and of the alleged "opening,'.de
tention and censoring of his mail by the
British authorities. "> \~-*~-- ' ;
The Committee on Foreign Affairs also
agreed to report favorably on the resolu
tion introduced by Representative Suiter
of New York, calling on the Secretary of
State for copies of all letters on' file in the
Department of State from citizens of the
United States residing in the South Afri
can republic from January 1, 1899, to the
present time. These letters are expected
to throw light on the sentiment of Ameri
cans residing In the South African repub
lic. . .
The Inquiry into the charges made by
Macrum will be conducted by a subcom
mittee of the Committee on Foreign Af
fairs, consisting of Representative Hitt of
Illinois. Adams of Pennsylvania and Ber
ry of Kentucky.
NETHERLANDS' STAND
AS TO INTERVENTION
THE HAGUE, March 22.— After mature
deliberation the Government has dis
patched a reply to Presidents Steyn and
Kruger regretting that It was unable to
comply with their request for Intervention
In the South African war after the formal
declaration of the British Government
that intervention would not be accepted.
It was added, however, that the Govern
ment of The Netherlands would always
eupport stops tending to the restoration
of peace.
ANNEXES THE FREE STATE.
LONDON, March 23.— A special corre
spondent of the Times at Bloemfontein,
telegraphing Thursday, says: "Yesterday
Mr. Kruger issued a proclamation annex-
Ing the Free State to the Transvaal. Mr.
Steyn immediately Issued a , counter
prodamatlon, declaring the Free State
Intact."
FEELINO IS VERY BITTEB.
LONDON, March 23.— The Daily News
t#- tb- taUo-Klnz from Eloemfontein. DAt-
LONDON, March. 23.— Some curious' stories f rom, the Boer camp at : Kroonstad and Pretoria reached London yesterday.
One stated that Commandant Snyman-ha'd' attacked Colonel 'Plumer's column near Lobatsi. had made the British '
flee' precipitately and had seized the "ammunition" and guns. . This, report, picturesque "as. it^ was, paled' in comparison"^'
with the, story tha* Gatacre had met with serious disaster, near Bethulie. the. British general, together, with his staff, ¦
having been cut off by Olivier and made prisoners., .., ,¦; r ?, , . , ... ;.' ' * .; ;/ : \ .;- : ¦' ¦. ¦ .¦ .'¦¦ '
' Cape Town, however, had reports yesterday [ that .Olivier, with only a feWifoHowers,' wasdolng his best' to evade cap
ture by creeping, along the border of Basut,oland, .and thus making.. spod; his. retreat to Kroonstad. . ' .•*:'"¦'¦" ¦-,'
There is more definite evidence' as ' to^ the "movements; of 'the; British; troops. in; the " southern ? part, of ; . the; Orange. Free.. l
State. .At'the -beginning of the week General Gatacre, .having. crossed the Orange River^t Bethulie,' advanced to Spring- ' -.''
f ontein. ¦ A flying column" of mounted infantry and artlllery_ from, his. command proceeded .' on -Monday or Tuesday eastward 4
of Springfohtein to SmithfleldJ On Wednesday 'Lord' Rob'erts" reported that the town; had been captured. '- ¦'/,.- - '
This ' Boer rumor- bears date of. Tuesday, and 1 evidently refers to some alleged [occurrence of Jast Sunday or Monday, g
If any disaster. has, befallen.the; British force it must have been'knownto Lord Roberts before, he sent his dispatch yes ter- "
day afternoon, but '•no mention^ whatever !s made of any reverse, serious or slight; contrary,' "he sends that ,*
Clements;' ls': moving from- Norvals'; Porit 'toward Bloemfonteln by-way of 'Philip opblis and; Fauresmlth; • that": the ; Scots ',''l
Guards are at Edenburg. and Reddersburg, not far from Bethanle. and that the burghers are' coming in. in great numbers
and surrendering their arms. : . ..''¦¦. • • ¦ : —:\\. *''.'. - •
As to the reported exploits of Snyman* who Is said to have put Plumer's men to_ flight, an ,; account of the 'fighting from '
a British 'source ogives 'the affair a "different complexion. According to this, Colonel Bodle bit/ Plumer's command made a '
reconnaissance |on .Tuesday, the ¦ 13th, from Lobatsi, ' which -is • about • fifty miles - north of Maf eking. - He : found Pietsanl and i
Rothlgo occupied by the Boers.". On the two following days skirmishes took place and .this advance guard 'had to fall back on the ¦•
main' body.",,. Some,; boxes '.of .ammunition are stated to haye'fallen into the Boers' hands.-; Commandant' Snyman' advanced '
to ' Plumer's. -camp on Thursday- afternoon' and a smart engagement followed,' apparently ', with J no: decisive, results.- ' ¦ . . ;
. The Importance , of .these events :does-notrlie'in. the actual fighting but In the: evidence' afforded 'of the position of the C
Mafeking[rellef column. ': It, has been, supposed -that Plumef;was r .at:Pitsani'and had thrown; out"; his. scouts \ to; within four-! *
teen miles of the; besieged town. It Is'now; evident' that" Plumer* is fstlll fifty miles. away. and is himself threatened .by ;an ;
advancing Boer force. .For the present, however, .Maf eking- seems safe enough and : the pressure' 1 has ; - been": lessened.. -.The
Boers would '-hardlyj have, left- their .position, around the town" If 'they; had" seen any,.' chance of .winning so great'' a prize.;
Again there Is a persistent rumor that; Maf eking has been relieved. It is even asserted •'. that •; the :.War. Office has;' re
celved i a dispatch positively announcing the relief, but that publication of it Is withheld' because'of the* form 6f the' message
admitting .the; possibility of mistake. 1 , The <WarOfflce, however,'' declares that' there Is : no confirmation of the rumor and
that no further news on the subject Is at; hand.' . ; > • , •
CROWN PRINCESS STEPHANIE, Who Yesterday Be
vv\;^ came the Bride: of Count Lonjray.
VIENNA,. March 22.— Crown Princess Stephanie and Count Lonyay were mar
ried this morning In the chapel of Miramar Castle, .the court chaplain of
ficiating.' * '• *•-"•/.. "¦ . ¦• . • .<",-'¦ ¦. .
The often postponed marriage , has taken place- at last, though neither tht
Vienna nor Brussels . courts seem to have been any more favorably disposed to
ward the groom than .when the subject was first mooted. King Leopold thinks
it a scandal only .less terrible than that of his eldest daughter, while Queen
Henrietta hides her, head with shame. But. Princess Stephanie, regardless of it
all, throws .up her. court life, diamonds 'and golden embroidered robes, has her
Income reduced; from 800,000 to 200,00") crowns and goes to live with a poor country
gentleman., .The people of, Vienna, it is -said, scarcely talked of anything but'
this great .sacrifice, for .the sake of love. '¦¦ - vU-»t - '¦
Count a Elemer; Lonyay Is a nobleman of Hungary; ' •
The, bride,- Inherits her ..unruly, disposition from the King of the Belgians, her
father, and her association in marriage with the Hapsburgs does not seem to have
given her, that which all royalty, traditionally -possesses. ' She loves ;b.er
lover devotedly. v He is only a Count,' "but she was ready to sacrifice wealth and
station' to be. his wife. She is the second- daughter of King, Leopold and' was*
born May 21, ; 1564. - Af the age of 17 she; was married to the Archduke Rudolph. '.
Crown Prince of. Austria and only son of Emperor Franci3 Joseph. One child .war'
born of this union, the Archduchess Elizabeth, or Erzebet, as she is called In her
own'language. Elizabeth is now 17," but,' young' though she Is, she Is sufficiently"
mature- to 1 be able to repudiate her. mother because that mother is weak enough to
marry below, her; rank, when. Indeed, she ! should never marry at all. •
The' little Princess was only 6 years] old when her father, came to his tragic
end; 2 But she -has- been devoted -to his memory, and has often prayedthat she.
might die in order to be with him. * A year ago, when Count Lonyay began his
-suit for Stephanie's hand, little Elizabeth objected in the most .emphatic 'way.
She complained about It to the Emperor, who reasoned . with Stephanie, but -to
no purpose. Elizabeth declared her hatred for the "Count. She said she always
hated ¦.him, but hated him implacably now slncehe was to become. her stepfather.
The mother's turn came when the Emperor decided to marry. his little grand
child ?to- a- Wurtemburg Prince. The Emperor's will was conveyed to her -by
Stephanie, ; whereupon Elizabeth gave way . to an attack of hysterics. Stephanie
fled from: her 'daughter's, apartment and a physician was summoned. The girl
grew worse,: and ' at last the Emperor 'himself came to her.- The two were alone
for -a : time,' and : lt is said when Fraricls Jpseph<left his granddaughter he left
¦.her with -the 'assurance fhat; she a would not* be ' required ;¦ to wed a. Prince "of
Wurtemburg or any other man whom .she' did-not: loVe. ,
Thls'was victory number one for, Elizabeth. Then -she brought her influence
to bear on, both her grandfathers,'- and -the result of her-insistence and persistence
Is that her mother has been disowned by the Emperor of Austria and the King oX
Belgium. ''__•' . \ '¦.¦.. ¦'¦-. ! : ; " ¦*¦•¦.••¦-. /
Count Lonyay^has taken a residence at Trieste* -where it is .presumed the
• honeymoon will.be spent. ¦ ',-';. '¦-....,.-
• : .The one. hundred , and .sixth-. day , of the siege of Mafeklng comesj brlnging'the : deepest i anxiety,.- as- to -its outcome.
From. .the -very- first, up! to .three weeks' ago Colonel 'Baden-Powell has managed; to send out at least once a week:dls
patches by native runners, to Gabarones • and Palapye/ ' When .Colonel' Plumer'si column' reached Lobatsi, only thirty
miles . toY the nqrth, -with j the . telegraph .'open from I there to Buluwayo, : it. was hoped ' that communication with - the in-v
vested tbwnwould be mofe~freq'uent." 'Such, has.' not .been the", case,. however, -and; the regular runner is now nearly a
week -overdue. This may be due to extra watchfulness on the part of the: investing force of < Boers, but whatever the
case, the suspense is painful and- every hour of silence adds .to the : anxiety as • to'-the-fate* of: 'the. brave little town.
At Lortdon the Alleged^ ißbtit of Gatacre
and Attack on Pluijier's Relief
Column Arc- Not Believed.
BOER STORIES OF BRITISH
D EFEATS NOT CREDITED
barrassing the Lisbon Government and
thereby at the ¦ same ; time closing the
"fear door", to the Transvaal and Orange
Free State. ¦
COMPLAINS OF ILL-TREATMENT
BERLIN. March 22.— A letter from a
Boer prisoner on the Catalonia, off Cape
Town. ¦ complains of ill-treatment. The
press points out that the socialist news
papers have ceased praising the militia
system since the tide turned in South Af
rica.
The Hamburger Nachrlchten says: "U
the Boers had received military training
they would have captured Ladysznith and
Klmberley and destroyed the British
armies before ' the arrival of Lord Rob
erts."
GATACRE AT SPRINGFONTEIN.
. LONDON, March 23.— A dispatch to the
Daily News from Sprinsrfonteln, dated
Wednesday morning. March 21. says:
"General Gatacre and , his staff are still
here. He is most strict regarding the pri
vate property of the Boers. Some Kaffirs.
who had looted Boer farms, have been
tried and severely punished, to the aston
ishment and gratification of the Boer res
idents."
BOERS SINK FERRY BOATS.
WARRENTOWN, Thursday. March ZL—
The Boers have vacated Kllpdaxn and
Wlndsorton, which are almost deserted.
Their wives and families have fled with,
them. "'. They sank the ponts. or ferryboats,
at Riverton and Windsortoiu
..The Vaal River can only b« crossed by,
swimming. The country, this side of tha
river is well patrolled by the. British.
STORY OF A DESERTER.
fLONDONv March 23.— A dispatch to tbs
Morning: Post from Bloemf ontein, dated
Wednesday, " says: "A deserter :' reports
that the .enemy, after repeated dissen
sions. ' has withdrawn from Brandfort
northward. He thinks It unlikely that tha
Boers will make a stand. anywhere south
of the Vaal. I cannot personally shara
such optimism."
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY^ MARCH, 23, 1900. >
VOLUME LXXXtn- NO. 123.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
WILLIAM S.' TAYLOR, Republican Governor of Kentucky.RECEIVER IS
APPOINTED FOR
APPLETON &CO.
Famous Publishing ; House
in Sore Financial Dif
ficulties.
Reorganization uomnuuw xuim.cu.,
Which Declares That There "Will '
Be Absolutely No Loss to
the Firm's Creditors.
• —
NEW YORK, March 22.— Justice Blsch
off of the Supreme Court to-day appointed
J. Hampton Dougherty receiver for D.
Appletorf & Co., publishers, on the appli
cation of Daniel Prltchard, a stockholder.
The bond of the receiver was : fixed at
$150,000. The liabilities are $1,110;000. The
assets consist of stock and outstanding
accounts. r V?
A reorganization committee, composed
of James G. Cannon, D. Juillard, Edmund
C. Converse, Warner Van Norden and
Charles Hathaway, has been formed and
will promptly submit a plan of reorgani
zation.
Mr. Cannon, chairman of the reorgani
zation committee, says he is confident the
firm can be liquidated so that there will
be no loss to creditors. The firm will go
on conducting Its business in the same
way, only that it will be under the re
ceiver's charge.
On February 1 Charles D. Appleton &
Co. gave out a balance sheet to the- stock
holders that showed a balance of $3,604,
028, including $190,387 cash on hand. The
liabilities were given the same as the
assets. The balance sheet filed to-day
shows the cash on hand almost exhausted,
while the item of bills receivable has de
clined from $1,140,000 to $1,110,000. owing to
an account which went by default yes
terday, the firm being unable to meet it.
A statement has been issued by D. Ap
pleton & Co. They say:
"The present situation is owing not to
undue business risk or to trade losses, but
merely to the fact that through the , ex
tension of our business on the installment
contract basis (which contracts . amount
to fully $200,000 now outstanding and in
due course collectable) our capital has be
come Inadequate to meet our maturities."
The house of D. Appleton & Co. is one
of the oldest of the publishing firms in
this country. It began in 1525 In connec
tion with a dry goods business, which the
founder, Daniel Appleton, had developed
In Boston. The house was first estab
lished here in 1830. In 1835 William H.
Appleton, the eldest- son of the founder,
opened its London branch. . Other mem
bers of the family developed the busi r
ness and it continued its growth for many
years. The officers of the corporation, , as
well as the directors," are all members of
the Appleton family. William H. Apple
ton who has been president of the cor
poration, died last October at the. age
of 86. ¦' .
Eagleson & Co/s
Spring: Opening.
All the Latest Novelties In
Shirts
Neck Dress
Hosiery
Underwear
ETC. ETC.
Reliable Goods. Right Prices.
748 and 750 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
The complaint further alleges that let
ters, of administration issued to John P.
Overton and ever since the said John P.
Overton • has been and now is the duly
qualified and acting administrator of the
estate of the said Martha Lodge, as weil
as of that of the late J. D. Lodge; that
the said estate of the said Martha Lodge
was wholly acquired by her while living
with the said John D. Lodge, deceased,
and was made up and composed entirely
of property conveyed by the said John D.
Lodge directly and indirectly to her.
Letters Intercepted.
That for many years -immediately pre
ceding the death of the said John D.
Lodge he was so enfeebled In both body
and mind by the infirmities of age and
the excessive use of alcoholic stimulants
as to almost wholly incapacitate him for
the transaction of business and to render
him subject to the control and Influence
of the said Martha Lodge and others act
ing in her behalf and at her request; that
while in such condition the said Martha
Lodge, with the full knowledge that he,
the said John D. Lodge, had a wife and
a legitimate son living In England, whose
letters to the said John D. Lodge she reg
ularly intercepted, read and prevented
from falling Into his hands, continually
exerted all her influence on him, the said
John D. Lodge, to procure the transfer ot
his property both directly and Indirectly
to her, the said Martha Lodge, and that
she, by intriguing and conniving, caused
him to convey to her. the said Martha
Lodge, property worth and of the value
of about $50,000 without any consideration
therefor.
That much of the property so conveyed,
under duress and without consideration,
is now inventoried as part of the estate
of the said Martha Lodge, and other parts
of said property have been conveyed by
her to her said children or otherwise dls
pesed of. Wherefore the court wa^s also
asked to revoke the letters of adminis
tration issued to eaid John P. Overton as
administrator of the estate of the Inie
Martha Lodge and appoint Edwin Rey
nolds in his place. . •
Allegations Unexpected.
The startling allegations of the com
plaint have caused a great sensation her«\'
where all the parties are well known.
Some weeks ago Davis E. Lodge, men
tioned hi the complaint as one of the
heirs, accepted $20,000 in cash from the
other heirs as his share of the estate and
departed for parts unknown. Some com
ment was caused by this ai the tlm-\ but
no one had any Idea that anything of the
present nature was coming.
The late J. D. Lodge resided for many
ytars in Petaluma, and laid the founda
tion of his fortune there in the junk busi
ness. Ke afterward moved to this city
and resided here until he died, being con
sidered for many years one of the heav
iest property owners in Sonoma County.
ANDREW CARNEGIE.
PITTSBURGH Pa., Maroh 22.->The
Carnegie Steel, Company, Ltd., be
comes a stock company with a cap
ital variously estimated at from
$200,000,000 to $250,000,000, the famous
"Iron-clad agreement" Is wiped out, all
litigation between the partners In the
Carnegie Company is dropped and H. C.
Frick, the former president: of the com
pany, virtually secures all he has con
tended for. These facts are embodied in
an authorized statement issued to-night
by the Carnegie Steel Company, Ltd.
The Atlantic City conferences resulted In
an agreement signed by all the parties in
terested except Mr. Frick and John Wal
ker, the latter the principal plaintiff in
the suit against the .H. C. Frick Coke
Company. The document reached Pitts
burg to-day, and after a comparatively
brief conference between the two gentle
men was signed by both of them.
To President C. M. Schwab is given the
credit for effecting this amicable agree
ment. From the first he was opposed to
be divided equally among all railroad* In
the pool. Some of the best railroad law
yers In the country declared such .an
agreement to be in direct violation of the
anti-trust law and that the raljroads In
the pool also violated the Interstate com
merce law by discriminating in the r«te*
cmered parties, soldiers and actors or base
ball players.
According to the officials of the South
ern Pacific Company that organization ":a,
for once, not concerned in th© generef
trouble. The present contention betweoa
the various roads operating in the West
and the' United States Government over
the transportation of soldiers for service
in the Philippines does not affect the tran
quillity of the Huntington corporation.
Owing to land grants and other arrange
ments entered Into between the Southern
Pacific and Uncle Sam: the former Is
obliged to carry troops over the greater
part of Its system, obtaining for their
transfer only Its regular proportion of tha
through haul. The only exception to tin*
general rule is on the Shasta division,
where the obligation assumed by • tho
Southern Pacific is Increased, and 1* li
obliged to carry United States troops for
nothing.
RAILROADS MAY NOT
CINCH GOVERNMENT
Advanced Rates for Transporting
Soldiers Will Not Be Paid fiy
the War Department
Special Dispatch to The Call.
W.T.HESS, -
50TART PUdLIO AMD ATTOaNST-A-T-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013, Clau» Spreckcls Bide
¦ • Telephone Brown 831. • .- ¦
, Residence. 821 California St.. below Fswsll.
* flsm JTranclscQb
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative -* Bromo ''. Quinine 'Tablets. AU
druggists refund the money, if it falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's ' signature •is on each" box: "." 16c.
SUNSET WELLS SOLD.
Property Purchased by an English
Syndicate for Half a Million.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, March 22.— 1t Is . an
nounced here that the Sunset Oil property
of Blodget &. Jewett has been sold to an.
English syndicate' for half a million dol
lars. Negotiations for the sale have been
going on for the past four months." ;
The Sunset property Is situated five
miles west of Bakersfield. ¦ There are six
teen producing wells, with an j extensive
plant of machinery. 'The land includes
about EOO acres. The firm began opera
tions several years agr> and has spent-con
siderable money in the venture. The,rail
road is soon to be extended to the wells
from Gosford station, on the Asphalto
branch of the Southern Pacific. -
Funeral of Mrs. Ardizzi.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
' BAKERSFIELD, March 22.— Mrs. :B.
Ardizzl,* widow of the late B. Ardizzl,' vraa
burled ' here ' t3-day ' beside her late hus
band.. Her remains were shipped -here
from' Oakland.- 'Two daughters survive
her. •¦. ¦•¦ - ¦¦¦ • •: -.-•¦ ¦..;:.. : •¦ / - '.¦¦;¦; ¦ ,
J. O'BRIEN <£ CO.
"WTXiXj
Place on Sale
THIS DAY
50 GRAY APPLIQUE
SUITS, value for
$22 50, will be of-
fered at
)J|O^BriertCo;
/ H46 Market Street^
BET. . , TAYLOR AN D " JON ES.
lillWi ¦iii.-Hsm»gTg*..*i ¦ . . ,
AT AUCTION!
TUESDAY, .
TUEBDAY March 27. 1900.
AT 12 O'CLOCK. NOON. AT
Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street
PARTITION SALE.
The following properties must be sold la
order to close an estate; proceeds to be dtnded
amors heirs.
South sidn. Nos. 1019-21-23 Sutter st.. 217 :«
west rit Hyde St.: improvements, 3 front nouses.
9 rooms send bath: f rear houses: total rents
|15l per month: lot 67:6x137:6.
North side. Nos. 30 to 32 Lewis st.. 60 feet
east of Jones; 3 modern flats of 5. 6 and &
rooms and bath; rents $56 per month; lot 27:6
x 57:6.
East side Valencia nt.. 135 south of Fifteenth:
ground alone 30x100. .
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
The following properties will be sold to satis-
fy claims, etc.: terms, one-quarter cash, .bal-
ance one, two. three years, interest 6 per cent:
Went side of Clayton st.. 137:8 north of
Halsbt; 50x106:3.
South side Page St.. 131:3 west of Cote. 50x135.
Northwest corner of Bush and Pierce sts. ; 30x
ioo.~- .¦• .-•-¦•-. .
South side of Pare, 112:6 east of Clayton. tSx
UJ:6.
North side Liberty st.. 135 east Sanchez. 50x
114.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
North side Jackson St., 80 west of Cherry: lots
35:10x90.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Northeast corner ! Seventeenth and Noe at s. :
30x»1:6.. • .
North side Seventeenth st., 27:6 west Pro»p«r:
27:6x107:6.
Northeast corner Seventeenth and Prosper
sts.: 25x71:6.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDINa LOT.
•West side Flllmore. 97 south of Bush; 23x100.
MISSION COTTAGES. ' -
'. West side. "Nos. SM-6 Sbotwell. 83:2H south
of Twenty-second; two well-built cottages of S
rooms and bath each: lot E6x94.
Catalogues to be had at oHJce on application.
• . EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market Street.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
No Resource of Law Will Be Left
Untried to Save the Big Trees
From Destruction.
fcpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 22.-Representa
tlve de Vries had a long conference to-day
with the Interior Department officials In
charge of the matter of the preservation
of the Calaveras big trees. He stated that
no resource of law would be left untried
to save these natural wonders. Repre
sentative de Vries also called upon the
First Assistant Postmaster General to
urge the adoption in the Second District
of the policy of requiring in all bids for
star route deliveries of mail an estimate
for free rural delivery along these routes
by contractors, and urged this Innovation
Representative Needham to-day Intro
duce ed a bill to detach Inyo. Marlposa and
Merced counties .from the Northern Judi
cial District of California and annex them
to the Southern District, and to dlvidt thS
Southern Judicial District into two parti
the northern and the southern
Representative Metcalf *vas informed to
day by the Attorney General that the de
partment had parsed favorably .on the
title of the site for the Oakland postofflce
Lpon the completion of a few minor de
tails In the documents of the case the At
torney General will fcrmally report his
approval to the Secretary of the Treasury
when the supervising architect's office will'
proceed with the preparation of plans for
the new postotfice building.
Senators Perkins, Carter and Stewart
? a \l PAP A e i Pa C od v,n n lm P°« an «- amendment
to the Alaska bill, which will be present
ed in the Senate to-morrow, affecting
mining on the liering Sea beach. It »ro
vidts that all of the beach below high
water mark shall be left to miners, sub
ject to such rules as they may mak* pro
viding always that nothing Is done to ob
struct commerce.
Representative Kahn called at the White
House to-day with Cornelius Toohev
Lnlted States Examiner of Teas whem he
introduced to President McKinley
Former Governor McCord of Arizona
had an interview with the President this
morning. Governor McCord came 'to
Washington at the request of the Arizona
Press Association to further Arizona's
claim to statehood. The President liso-ned
attentively to Governor McCord's repre
sentations, but said nothing committing
himself as to his attitude in regard to the
matter.
"I have decided to give up for the pres
ent," said Governor McCord, "and shall
not press the matter at the present ses
rion."
Pensions: California— Original— Sylva'nla
J. Lynn. Los Angeles. $6. Additional-
George H. McCcon, Oakland, $6 to JS. In
crease, special, March 10— Theodorlc R
Palmer. National City, $8 to 112.
Washington — Original — Frederick B
Smith. New Whatcem. $6.
Oregon— Additional— lra C. Dodge. Ash
land. $8 to JlO. _
SCHOONER WRECKED.
Lizzie Sorensen Goes Ashore and Is a
. Total Loss.
VICTORIA. 8.C., March 22.— The steam
er Cottage City, arriving from the north
early this morning, brings news that at
least ends uncertainty and anxiety recent
ly felt for the overdue Seattle schooner
Lizzie Sorensen, one of the. largest craft
engaged In northern fishing. Unhappily
the Sorensen is not all right herself, but
her crew are alive and well. The schooner
is a total wreck not far fromiKilllsnoo,
where she was caught while, beating out
on the 12th lnst;, 'and is now lying with
her bottom broken out. 7 . -i ¦ • •
There can be nothing done with the hull
and rigging, and the movable furnishings
have all been taken ashore. ; The schooner
has plied so high that one can easily walk
around her dry shod at low water. \ -
NINETEEN HUNDRED .
Cleveland
BICYCLES.
MOST POPULAR
IN DEMAND ...
No. 83. a perfect road wheel.
940.
No. M. a twenty-pound r*c«r.
No. 86. Cleveland ChalnleM,
973.
LEAVITT & BILI4
809 Larkln St.. S. F.
20 San Pablo are.. O&klanA. r
SISTER OF W.W. FOOTE
DIES IN WASHINGTON
Remains Taken to Her Former Home
in the City of Alexandria, Va,,
. for Interment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 22.— Mrs. C. F.
Wood, daughter of the late Governor
Henry 8. Foote of Mississippi, died here
to-day. The remains were taken to Alex
andria, Va., to the residence of her
daughter, Mrs. E. W. French, with
whom Mrs. Wood made her home. The
funeral will be held Saturday and the in
terment will be at Alexandria, where Mrs
Wood had lived for the greater part of
her life. She was a sister of the wife of
Senator Stewart of Nevada and of W. W.
Foote of San Francisco, recently appoint
ed commissioner to the Paris Exposition
who is now in Washington. This is ¦ a
double bereavement for Mr. Foote, whose
wife recently died in Japan while on . a
trip around the world. Mrs. Wood was
also a sister of Mrs. . J. West Martin of
Oakland. ' . .
made on these lines by Bacon of Georgia.
Cockreir and Jones of Arkansas, Berry
and Allen.
The Republicans met the taunt with a
proposition to take a vote Immediately
upon Porto Rican tariff bill, and ft
looked at one . time as If . unanimous
consent be secured for a vote on
the tariff measure to-morrow
Senator^Proctor objected, however, on
Dehalf'of the Republican free traders,
and when he indicated a willingness to
agree to a vote next week. Senator Pettus
put an end to the proceeding by calllne
for the regular order. of business.
REPUBLICANS
AGREE UPON A
COMPROMISE
House Porto Rican Bill and
Senate Measure to Be
Separated.
r _ . ¦ ¦¦ . . .
Peace Committee Ratifies the Offer of
Senator Foraker and a Vote on
House Bill Will Be
Taken.
WASHINGTON. March 22.— The Repub
lican peace committee met after the ad
journment of the Senate to-day and prac
tically ratified the offer of' Senator For
aker in the Senate to separate the House
Porto Rican tariff bill from the Senate
governmental bill and to take a vote on
the House measure.
A report will be made to the Senate
committee to-morrow as to the attitude of
the House, and if its report is adverse to
the amendment Mr. Foraker will be au
thorized to renew his request for unani
mous agreement to fix a time for a vote.
In case the, report should indicate a will
ingness on . the part of the House to
amend, his request will probably be to fix
a date to vote upon the House bill as
amended.
The programme then • would be to go
forward with the consideration of the
governmental bill.
-. ? — -
SENATE WILL VOTE ON
THE TARIFF BILL TO-DAY
WASHINGTON, March 22.— Almost the
entire session . of the Senate to-day wait
spent In the discussion of the conference
report upon the Porto Rlcan , appropria
tion bill. The Democratic Senators mani
fested a disposition to criticize the resto
ration of the House provision covering
future collections of .revenue, professing
to find In this action " the desire to con
tinue the Dingley. tariff. Speeches were
H. C. FRICK.
the happy turn of affairs. When ques
tioned as to the capitalization of the re
organized company Mr. Schwab said that
was a matter of future consideration. The
first step only had been taken, he said,
and there were many details to be ar
ranged before the organization was com
plete. ... - ¦
'Under the rules of the charter to bo
granted a stockholder wishing to sell out
his interest can do so whenever he secures
a purchaser. He is free to dispose of his
interest to the person or persons paying
the highest price for the same."
Mr. Moreland said no time would be lost
In making the change from the old to the
new organization, but since the organiza
tion was one of the greatest in the his
tory of private corporations the matter
could not be rushed.
On the basis of $250,000,000 capitalization
of the new company, Mr. Carnegie's hold-
ISFSvi 6B^ Pcr «u, nt ' wIU be worth fc* 6 .
2o0,000; Henry Phipps Jr.'s Interest 11 per
cent.. $27 500,000. and H. C. Frick's 6 per
cent will stand, him $15,000,000. George
Lnuder owns 4 per cent and President C.
M. Schwab S per cent.
SENSATION AT
TRIAL OF MISS
HORLOCKER
Attorney for Defense Is At
tacked by One of the
Witnesses.
Testimony Introduced by. the Prose
cution That the Prisoner Pur
chased Arsenic of Two Dif
ferent Druggists.
HASTINGS, Nebr., March 22.— 1n the
Horlocker poisoning case to-day evidence
was introduced to show that Miss Hor
locker sent the poisoned candy to Mrs.
Morey and had purchased arsenic of two
different druggists.
Mr. Morey, husband of the woman to
whom the candy was sent, wes put on tho
stand. The attorney for the defendant,
li. A. Batty, asked several questions as
to whether witness had not hugged and
kissed the defendant and otherwise made
love to her. The court sustained an ob
jection to these questions. When Morey
left the stand he went over to where,
Batty was sitting arid struck at him. I A
general mlx-up ensued, but- the com
batants were separated before any serious.
damage" was done. < r. _
Phillip Fuller, collector, for Tibbettr ic
Morey, testified that on the morning of
April 10 Miss Horlocker entered the office
library and showed him a card that had
the sentence "Home-made sweets," writ
ten on one side and . asked him if the
writing looked anything like hers. Fuller
said that on meeting Miss Horlocker the
next morning they had quite a conversa
tion, during which time Miss Horlocker
told him that Morey had accused her of
having attempted to poison his wife. She
said she could see no reason for his saying
so. Miss Horlocker appealed to him not
to say anything about the card and finish
ed by saying "You have my life in your
hands." -¦£•
Hobbs Jury Disagrees.
SUISUN, March 22.— The trial of Charles
Hobbs, charged with the murder of J.
Curran In Vallejo, commenced In tha Su
perior Court here Tuesday. The case was
submitted to the jury Wednesday after
noon. After, deliberating for twenty-six
hours the jury failed to agree and was
discharged. Nine jurors stood for convic
tion for manslaughter and three for ac
quittal.
CAPITALIST
LODGE'S WILL
CONTESTED
Alleged Legitimate Son
Has Arrived From
England.
DESERTED WHEN A CHILD
6ays That the Deceased Capitalist
Was Never Married to the
Woman Known as Mrs.
Martha Lodge,
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA ROSA. March 22.— A highly
sensational suit, involving the final dispo
sition of the vast estate left by the la - e
J. D. Lodge, -the well-known capitalist,
was commenced here this afternoon. Mr.
Ix>dge died at his home In- this city last
October, leaving an estate, worth consid
erably more thas a quarter of a million.
At the request of the heirs, letters of ad
ministration were Issued to John P. Over-
ton. president of the Savings Bank of
Santa Rosa, and steps were already 'well
under way to settle the estate according
to the terms of a will duly attested, which
the old man had prepared In anticipation
of his demise.
This afternoon a petition was filed by
Robert I). Lodge, a resident of Wakefield,
England, and who Is now in this city, ask
ing that the letters issued to John P.
Ovtrton be revoked and that supplemen
tary letters of administration be issued to
Kdwln Reynolds, a local capitalist ai-d
rr.cne> lender. In his prayer petitioner
allrges that he is the only rightful, law
ful and legitimate heir of the late J. D.
Ledge, and that he was born In England
on January 20, lttO. as the. result of a
lep.al marriage between J. D. Lodge, now
dr erased, and Miss Mary Redman, sol
emnized on February 22. 1546, in the par
iFh of Wakefleld, county of York, Eng
land: that after said marriage the
rouple lived together until some time In
I>O3. when the late J. D. Lodge left Eng
land for the United States, deserting nis
lamilv in ouest of a fortune.
Amasses a Fortune.
Soon aftor arriving in this country, the
complaint alleges, the late capitalist came
to California and settled in Sonoma Coun
ty, where he remained until the time of
his death, amassing a large fortune.- Dur
ing many years of that time, it Is further
alleged, said deceased 11%-vd with a certain
•woman who has long been known In this
<ounty and State as Martha Lodge and as
the reputed wife of the late J. D. Lodge:
that the said Martha Lodge was the
mother of the persons now claim'.ng'to be
the -heirs to the estate, namtl>— Sarah
Jane Harris. David E. Lodge and Matilda
A. Prince: that the said John D. Lodge
and said Martha Lodge were never mar
ried, and that the bonds of matrimony
between the former and his lewl wif-\
• Mary Redman-Lodge, were never severed
until her dfatb. which occurred in 1592.
VANCOUVER. B. C. March 22.— The
little town of Kuskanook, at the
terminus of the Crows Nest Pass
and Nelson and Bedlington lines of
railway, was swept away by fire
just bofore noon to-day. Kuskanook was
one of the towns that grew up early last
year on the new railway operated by the
Canadian Pacific, and had a phenomenal
growth. Its population was something
over 1000, and most of these people are
now homeless from the results of the
quick blase that swept up the mountain
side from the shores of Kootenai Lake
this morning. The fire was all over in
about an hour, and the first news of It
that reached the outside was in a tele
gram to Mayor Garden of Vancouver
;iskir.g for cars of supplies and other
measures of relief.
So far the cause of the fire is a mystery.
It Blasted in the rear of Wright's grocery
store, which is built over the water at the
very foot of the town. The blaze was
not «een until it had enveloped practically
vhe whole of the foundation and the first
Fiury of the building. The other buildings
caught and the small bucket brigade that
Kathered could do nothing to stop the.
llames. A stiff breeze was blowing up
the lake at the time and fanned by this
the two larger stores and two hotels were
licked up in a few minutes. Luckily the
fire occurred when every one was out of
bed and the people got away at once to a
safe distance. More than half of those
who were in the town were either tran
sients or railway laborers, bo that the
loss in property will be comparatively
small. Many people went down to Nelson,
the principal city in the Kootenai, during
the day on special steamers, and others
are living in the few houses on the out
skirts that remain.
Mayor Garden of Vancouver and the
heads of other civic corporations In
British Columbia are taking action for
relieving the unfortunate people. Mayor
Garden this afternoon conferred with the
Board of Trade and a carload of provi
sions will be sent through at once.
A later dispatch to-night from Nelson
says that the Inhabitants of Kus
kanook were left absolutely destitute and
their immediate wants are being 'supplied
in both provisions and supplies from Nel
pon. The fire- Is supposed to be of incen
diary origin. Only three buildings in the
depot district were left standing, while
many of the buildings that were burned
were vacant. There was not a dollar of
Insurance in the town, but the buildings
were small and of cheap construction,
none being of stone or brick.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHICAGO, March. 22.— There is little
prospect that the railroads will sue-
Uceed in forcing the Government to
pay higher rates for the transporta
tion of soldiers than the raih-cad3
have been in the habit' of makin?
for theatrical troupes, baseball ciub«»,
brass bands and similar aggregations.
The general passenger agents of the
Western lines met here to-day and racked
their brains in order to devise some
scheme for forcing the Government to pay
the money It Is now withholding from
them, but. failed to reach any agreement
as to the course for them to pursue. Some
of the general passenger agents talked
loudly of a "test case" 'in the United
States Supreme Court, but attorneys for
other roads have given an opinion that the
general passenger agents would better set
tle their claims on the basis proposed by
the Government. It is well known that at
the beginning of the war with Spain the
railroads fought among themselves for the
privilege of transporting soldiers, and In
some cases made rates of only a fraction
of a cent a mile. The Western roads
seemed the first to realize that the Gov
ernment was compelled to transport the
soldiers, so they agreed to stop blddlnsr
against each other for the movement of
troops and agreed that, no matter which
line carried the troops, the profits should
Fire Supposed to Be of Incendiary
Origin Leaves Kuskanook
in Ashes.
Carnegie and Frick
Form a New Coni
biriatidn With a
Capital of About
$200,000,000.
Conferences Concluded With
a New Agreement Which
Will Benefit All Interests
in the Great • Iron In
/i i ie t ft y ' ' •' y
: > .-. . . . ¦¦¦¦. ¦
allowing the contentions between the
partners to reach the', courts. Unable to
prevent this after the litigation was be
gun, he bent his energies to securing a
settlement, that would be satisfactory, to
all parties... He presented a- number of
propositions, but', one after another. 'they
were rejected, -, and he advocated the or
ganization of a stock company, the capital
to. be based upon the value of the com
pany's properties and its earning capa
city and the partners In the limited-cor
porations to receive > stock proportionate
to their present holdings. As the -capital
of the Carnegie Steel Company, Ltd., is
426,000.000, under the proposed plan of re
organization each partner will nold either
eight or ten times the amount in the cor
poration. As Mr. Frick holds 6 per cent
of the capital stock In the Carnegie Steel
Company, he will receive In stock of the
new concern $12,000,«00 If it Is capitalized
at $200,000,000; $15,000,000 If the figure Is put
up to $250,000,000. His contention In his
suit was that his stock was worth at
least $15,000,000, and he sued to recover
the difference between that and the
amount offered him when he was invited
under the "Iron-clad" provisions to resign.
As soon 'as the signatures of Mr. Frick
and Mr. Walker were affixed to the agree
ment to-day word was telegraphed to Mr.
Carnegie and this evening he authorized
the issue of a public statement announc
ing the settlement. ' . .
Mr. Frick refused to discuss the plans
of the reorganized company In detail when
questioned this evening. He said that the
arrangements entered into were satisfac
tory to him or he would not have signed
the agreement. When asked what would
be the value of the stock he would con
trol in the reorganized company Mr.
Frick replied that it was impossble at
present to answer that question, as the
capitalization of the new company had
not yet been determined. He would; like
all other stockholders, be given stock in
the new proportionate with the percentage
he held In the limited partnership con
cern. . ¦i;
When asked about the "Iron clad" Mr.
Frick smiled and -said that nothing of that
kind could legally exist under an Incor
porated stock company, so he was giving
the matter no concern. The ex-chairman
refused positively to discuss the matter
any further, saying that all the Informa
tion necessary for publication had been
sent out by the company press agent.
President C. A. Schwab, who will be the
head of the big combination, was met In
the Carnegie building after the stock
holders' meeting. He was Jubilant over
GIGANTIC STEEL COMPANY THE
RESULT OF THE COMPROMISE
THE BAN FKANCIBOO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1900.
TOWN SWEPT AWAY,
HUNDREDS HOMELESS
lAT AUCTION!
KILMER'S
SWAMP ROOT
1401 40 Gents,
p NO MORE.
g NO LEaS.
B And this price every day
rj In the year.
Li SEND FOR 100-PAQE
R ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE.
I Pslp9's Celery Compound. 75c
I Plerce's Prescription 75c
| Pierces Discorery: 75c
| Plnkfaam's Compound 75c
I Baker's Honduras Sarsapariiia. -75c
I Hood's Sarsaparilla 75c
I Ayefs Sarsapariila .75c
| Scott's Emulsion, $1.00 size. . .75c
I Carter's Hair Henewer 50c
I Carter's Lithla Tablets 25c
I Valdier's Violet Ammanla 25c
rx grsß Swamp Root 40c
£ /?SL Syrup of Figs- ... 35c
i (lili Carter's Liter Pills . 15c
| j|y||t THE OWL DRUB CO.
p jS^T^ " 3a MAmKKT BTm
U yfcJJCT eAJN ' FRANCIKX).
g JIJieSL, lOthand Broadway
I Friday and Saturday I
la we will sell four-bit all-silk scarfs for the very low price of 25c. Eg
g| Each tie is the very latest in design, coloring and shape. They HS
Wm , come in two styles— tecks and fourin-hands. fi*|
mm ; 'This .is aremirkable- value, as these are this season's ties,' EH
S the usual 50c quality; yet for the two days, Friday and Saturday, mm
DR PIERCES
GOLDEN
. /MEDICAL j
DISCOVERY
FOR THE ;
BLOOatIVER.LUNGS.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.ELEGANT AND UP TO DATE AT LOW
PRICES !
LADIES' TAN OR CHC^DLATE WELT.
LACE OR BUTTON TALKINO BOOT, ex-
tension sole 93.00 and 54.00
LADTES' PATENT LEATHER LACE SHOES.
leather or LXV heels, kid or cloth tops, for
walking or £r«u 93.00
LADIES* TAN OXFORDS; full assortment In
all ehades 92.00 and upwarfli
MEN'S TAN SHOES In Box and Rasela Calf
tad Vld KM *4.00 and 53.00
MEN'S TAN OR BLACK OXFORDS In Calf
and Vld Kid. beat rrade*
$4.00 and «3.00
' • J
A FULL ASSORTMENT OF SHOES FOR
LITTLE FOLKS-SAME STYLES
AS FOR BIS FOLKS!
see rn/CES in win do w.
clearly comprehend the meaning of the
announcement and therefore attended as
spectators.
xue Union League Club committee on
political action. Tlrey L. Ford, chairman,
will meet at. 4 o'clock this afternoon to"
consider the topic of club representation
at the Los Angeles convention.
The young Republicans of San Francisco
desire to be heard and recognized in the
State Convention of League Clubs in Los
Angeles, April 27, but some doubt exists as
to the apportionment of delegates and the
plan to be followed In their selection. In
order to ciear away doubts and confusion,
the following provisions of the official call
for the convention are republished:
The apportionment of delegates who will
constitute the convention Is a» follows:
Each Republican club In California. In
cluding tho«« of the American Republican
College L^asue. shall be entitled to one
delegate at ianre and one delegate addi
tional for every twenty-Eve member* upon
It* rolls. Org^anl rations of Republican vet
eran* ar* especially Invited to participate.
No club shall be entitled to representation
In the State L*as"ue convention unless it
has been organized and In existence at least
ten dars prior to the date of. the conven
tion. No person shall be counted for repre
sentation in more than one club. All dele
rates shall file with the secretary of the
convention certificates of election signed by
the president and secretary of their club.
The ejt-ofncio delegates are president, sec
retary and treasurer of the State League,
president and secretary of each Congres
sional District Learue. president of the
American College League of California.
members of the State League executive
committee, members of the National Leairue
executive -committee, national vice presi
dent for California and the president, sec
retary and treasurer of each club entitled to
representation.
Each club shall furnish the secretary of
the ?tate l>»a(rue a statement on or before
April M. IK'\ attested by the club secre
tary, rlvine the r.ame of the club and Its
officers, the names and addresses of dele
rates and alternates elected and also the
number of members on the roll of the club.
VIEW IN THE
HEW GALLERY
Fin c Display Made by Local
Artists at Spring
, Exhibition.
Art Lovers See Some Bare Canvases
That Have Made th« Successes
;of '.. Other Noted Exhibi
tions.
>j > ¦ ' "¦ ,— — ' .? .
The spring exhibition of the San Fran
cisco Art Association was Inaugurated
last evening, ? and society and art con
noisseurs assembled to enjoy the \ very
creditable display made by local artists.
It was a ."retrospective exhibition"— that
is the greater number of the paintings on
view had been shown before, ' but hardly
under such favorable circumstances.
ror the flrst time paintings were hung
in the new Mary Frances Searles gallery
and the house gallery was given ov«x to
the display of siatuary
. The ar lists make no claim for anything
startling in the present exhibition. How
ever, tney do claim that they have some
very good work to show, and all who were
fortunate enough to be present last even
ing must agree with the exhibitors.
— any of the most striking pictures at
the exhibition were shown at the Bohe
mian Club exhibition in the fall. Clawson
snows again his portrait of Miss Haden
feldt, and Orrin Peck, that stunning por
trait tnat was one of the features of the
club's exhibit.
. Jules Pages' "A Corner of the Studio,''
a magnificent canvas that captured a
medal in the Paris salon, is about one of
the finest things in the exhibition.
AH the artists who are locally famous
show much to uphold their deserved ar
tistic reputations.
Mrs. Mary Menton has quite a collection
of oils and water colors, and among her
best bits are: "Stretch of San Lorenzo
River," "Street Seene — Monterey," "Moon-
Jlght," "Pajaro Pumpkin Field," "Scene
in Tula, Mexico." "Cinnamon Teal Duck,"
"Ojltas." "Lilacs, Golden Gate Park."
In the statuary room Altkin's "Life's
Flowing Bowl" attracted great attention
and was surrounded the entire evening by
a crowd, both critical and curious.
The music, under the able direction of
Sir - Henry Heyman. was quite a feature
of the evening. The exhibition will con-
BURGLARS ENTER
FOUR BUILDINGS
IN SAME BLOCK
Bold Work of Thieves Who i
Operate in Commercial
Districts.
Opium Fiend Arrested Whil» At
tempting to Dispose of a Por
tion of the Stolen.
JT-fuyeily.
Burglars did bold work In the block oi .
business bouses bounded by California, j
I>avl». Sacramento and Front streets
early yesterday morning. Four of th« j
leading commercial houses of the city '
were entered and one of the alleged rob- ;
bers was landed in the tanks at the Cali
fornia-street Police Station by Detective I
Harper last night, while he waa attempt- ;
ing to dispose of some of the stolen prop
erty.
Some time after midnight Wednesday
burglars gained an entrance to a court la ;
the center of the block by climbing over !
an iron gate which guards a driveway j
through which freight is hauled to 'the, •
rear of the hcrusea. From thl* posltloaj
they had access to the rear of almost all
of the buildings on the block and could, -
operate free from molestation. ',
Before the bold criminals were satlsfledi j
with the work of the night four business
I houses had been broken into and gooda
'¦ stolen from each. A quantity of high- i
priced champagnes and wines was stolen '
from the store of Macondray & Co.. ship- ]
ping and commission merchants. 115 Call- «
fornia street. A typewriter was taken {
from the offices of J. G. Ward & Co.. '
agents for the Oregon *nd Washington, i
Flour Company, at the same address. [
Various articles which could be easily and !
conveniently handled were selected from :
the stock of H. N. Tilden A. Co.. whole- I
?ale dairy produce dealers, at 2XI-113 Sac- i
ramento street, and also from the At- !
I.antic Fish Company adjoining. In each '•
place the burglars also robbed the tele- '
phone boxes.
Detective Harper was detailed on the. i
case and discovered an opium fiend who ;
gives the name of Ward attempting to .
dispose of the typewriter taken from •
Ward's office. He was promptly arrested
and taken to the California-street station. ;
where his name was placed on the small i
book pending further investigation.
tinue for four weeks and will b« open to
tbe public every,. afternoon and: on every
Thursday evening during the month.
Spring
Announcement,
OPENING MONDAY, MARCH 19.
New Spring and Sommsr Styles of
FINE
FOOTWEAR.
FINE SHOES,
830 - 832 - 834 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
ADVEB.TISZ2IEXTS.
TOMATOES!
These are not the cheap watery -kind
you pick up at many stores — some-
thing good to sell or good to use for
family. use. : . ¦
Tomatoes, choice, per d0z. ........ .75c
Buckwheat, East, extra, 10-lb bag.2sc
Fine' English home-made jam.... I2j4c
German Dried : Pears ,\ not 5c. . . . .3j4c
Cooking ' Raisins, t large j and fine. . . .6c
12-qt. Freezer : with ' crank. . . . . '. . .$5.75
Gun Covers^ long, cotton lined. ...40c
Horse ; Brushes, $1.00 kind, flexible.'4Sc
Stencil Brushes, . 25c kind, n0w .... 15c
Fire Kindlers, 1 ioc kind, n0w........ ic
Maple Sap, ; pure,; sl.so elsewhere .sl.ls
SECOND FLOOR.
Curtain Fringe, ioc" kind, n0w. ... ..ic
Shoe : Strings, ; assorted," io pair.".. . ..5c
'Shoe Strings, extra assorted, 6 pair.sc
Child's -Knife, Fork "and Spoon ..: /20c
Cape : Nome ; Cook Books, ioc ' kind . 2c
Pass /Books -for! the store, dozen; .: :oo
Memo.- 800k5, {3^x6, . 80 pages . ... . . 2c
Garden .Tools, ', 3 pi. ladies or childs.2sc
Few's7.oo Tan Capes, to c105e. . ..52.50
. Nome I goods ! on floor. .
Free parcel .delivery on first floor. ¦;..'"
I * Low* prices are . telling everywhere. -
SMITHS
M&iH^sxjiftE
25-27 Market St., Mir tie Ferrf.
ARRANGING A HALL FOR
REPUBLICAN CONVENTION
Suitable Changes to Be Made in the
Building of the Recent Ex
port Exposition.
PHILADELPHIA. March 22.— Chairman
Manley and H. C. Payne of the sub-com
mittee of the Republican National Cam
paign Committee to-day definitely ap
proved the plans which will transform the
main building of the recent Export Expo
sition into a suitable hall for the Repub
lican Convention next June. Senator
Hanna did not come to town, as was ex
pected. Chairman Manley explaining that
tbe Porto Rlcan bill required all the Sen
ators' attention at present.
Commltteemen Manley and Payne, ac
companied by Sergeant at Arms Wiswell.
\islted Mayor Ashbridge at noon and were
in consultation with him for some time.
Chairman Manley * expressed confidence
in the Mayor's ability to raise the J3Q.000
remaining due of the $100,000 campaign
Mrs. Bergen Recovering.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, March 22.— Mrs. B. F.
Bergen of Berkeley, wife of the well
known attorney, who a week ago was
suddenly stricken with total paralysis
while visiting at the home of her father,
David Clark. In this city, and who ever
since that time has been unconscious, to
day showed the first Flgn of improvement.
She regained consciousness, but is not yet
able to speak nor has she recovered the
use of her limbs. Ever since the stroke
came Mrs. Bergen's mind has been a total
blank, and when Informed by. her father
yesterday she was much affected. The
case has been a strange one, as previous
to her sudden mishap Mrs. Bergen "was
and always had been of an exceptionally
strong constitution. Hopes are now en
tertained for her ultimate recovery.
Missionary Society Meets.
E;vcis.l Dlir*.tch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL, March 22.— The eleventh
annual meeting of the Benicia Presbyte
rian Missionary Society was held at San
Anselmo yesterday and proved a great
success, delegates being present from all
parts of the country. Letters were read
from Miss Shaver, Mrs. C, F. Barstow
and many others prominent in the mis
sionary field. Miss Julia Fraser read m-
Interesting paper on the young people's
part in home missions. %
Barrett Exonerated.
LOS ANGELES, March 22.— The Cor
oner's Jury to-day exonerated John D.
Barrett' for all blame for the killing ol
John Welch at his home oii Vernon xtreet
in this city last nighc It was shown that
Welch forced his way Into Barrett's room.
Intending to attack him with a hammer,
when Barrett hit Welch on the head with
an ax. killing him instantly. Both men
were old soldiers.
Japanese Laborer Killed.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
LOS BANOS, March 22.— T. Oya. a Jap
anese section laborer, was run , over by
engine 1575 of the work train at Dos Palos
at 6:05 p. m. His left shoulder, was cut
off and his side and head cut ot>en. He
was taken to Los Banos, where he died
at 8:05 p. m.
Postoffice Robbed.
LOS ANGELES. March 22— M. H. Hint,
postal Inspector here, received a telegram
to-day from M; M. Hall, inspector. in Ari
zona, saying that the postoffice at Nogales
was entered by unknown parties last night
who secured $5000 In Mexican money.
There is no clew so far as known to the
identity of the robbers.
Commerce Commission.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO. March 22.— A spe-
dal train containing the Interstate Com
merce Commission arrived' this afternoon
from Phoenx. It will commence holding a
session ! here to-morrow morning to hear
the complaint, of Holdzkom against the
Los Angeles terminal rate.'
Son of ex-Congressman Dead.
'. BUTTE. Mont., March 22.— W. YEV Dixon
Jr.," son of ex-Congressman' W. s W. ? Dlxon;
died here of pneumonia, aged a years. He
was a graduate of Georgetown University
and Columbia Law School.
SEEKS INFORMATION OF
OPEN-DOOR POLICY
Resolution Introduced ?In th« House
¦ Asking for Correspondence on
the Subject.'
WASHINGTON, March ¦ 22.-Represent
ative Cummings of New York to-day In
troduced a resolution of inquiry for cor
respondence relating to the "open door"
!n China as follows: . • •
- TO»*r*a». The commercial community of the
united States is deeply interested In ascertain
ing the conditions which are to govern trade
in such parts of the Chinese empire as are
claimed by various foreign powers to be within
their areas of Interest"; -and whereas, bills
are now pending before both houses of Con
gress for the designation of a committee to
China to study Its economic conditions
Resolved. That the President of the United
States be requested to transmit to the House,
if not incompatible with the public service,
such correspondence as may have passed be
tween the Department of State and various
foreign governments concerning the mainte
nance of the "open door" policy In China.
TO INVALIDATE LAND SALES.
Bill Introduced Operating Against
the Northern Pacific.
WASHINGTON. March 22.— Senator
Penrose of Pennsylvania to-day Intro
duced a bill I reciting the history of the
Northern Pacific Railway, especially with
reference to its recent reorganization, and
declaring that the sale of certain proo
erty was Illegal, and resolving "all trans
fers of land to or by the said Northern
Pacific -. Railway Company to be Illegal
and void, and that the Committee on .Pa
cific Railroads be hereby empowered to
send for persons or. papers, and are re
quested to examine into these ' charges
and report thereon at an early date."
BITTEN BY A MAD DOG.
Son of the German Chancellor Being
Treated at Pasteur's.
Special cable to the Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrieht. 1900, by the Herald Pub
liehlng Company.
PARISH March 22.— Young Prince yon
Hohenlohe, son of the German Chancellor,
has been since yesterday under treatment
at the Pasteur Institute. The boy is six
years of age. He .was bitten by a mad
dog at Cannes. '
At the Opening oF the Art Exhibition.
PEACE IN LUZON
WILL BRING TO
US PROSPERITY
A New York Business Man
Discusses Things
Commercial.
W. H. Cranberry, Although a Demo
crat, Praises the Financial Con
fidence That Came From
Republicans.
Among the arrivals of yesterday at the
Palace was W. H. Granberry, one of the
governors of the New York Stock Board
and chairman of the stock committee.
Mr. Granberry is making a pleasure tour
of the United States, accompanied by bis
wife and daughters, and will return to
his home after thoroughly seeing the
sights of San Francisco and visiting the
Big Trees and other points of interest that
he ha 3 not already viewed.
When seen in his apartments in the ho
tel last evening and asked concerning the
condition of business throughout the
United States, Mr. Cranberry expressed
himself as perfectly satisfied with the
way things were going. ¦-¦'¦.
"The country." he said, "has seldom, in
fact never, been in a better condition
than it is to-day. On my way out to the
coast I passed along tne Atlantic sea
board ana thence through a large section
of the south, and thus had an opportunity
of seeing for myself the general business
activity that pertains in those parts. of
the Union. Ine South 13 truly a new
South in every sense of the word. The
States that were formerly. content to be
producers have at last branched out and
now, instead of sending their products to
the looms . of the North, do their- own
manufacturing.' And this they are doing
on no small scale, either, let me tell you.
"Take the little city of Charlotte. N. C.
for Instance. It contains fourteen facto
ries within the limits of its corporation,
and within a radius of 1W miles there
have sprung up so many others that
within that small circle there is. now con
trolled practically the cotton industry of
tne entire Unlteo. States.
"New Orleans and Mobile are, of course,
the big shipping points of the South, but
there is springing up under the stimulus
given' to if by the railroad a rival in the
port of Galveston that bids fair to make
the other and older places look to their
laurels. The iron industry of Alabama i»
also forging ahead -and is making Pitts-
Durg look to itself tor the supremacy in
tnat line of business.
"As to the effect these improvements
have had on prices I need merely tell
you that in the last three years the price
of Alabama Iron has trebled, and cotton
In the Carolina* has gone up from 5 to it
cents. This means an Increase of about
•0 per cent in the protits of the producer.
"In the East money is pretty high, but
that must '.not -be - taken ~~ as r anything
against the general prosperity of r the
country. On tne contrary. It is from this
very prosperity - that ' the increased rate
of interest arises. . After the panic of 1&93
people were so chary, about putting their,
capital Into 'anything -that one if he had
gilt-edged security could : borrow ¦at a
nominal ngure, say.l or 2 per cent. Peo
ple were not sure of things and preferred
sinking their wealth in Government bonds
or something of that sort rather than to
chance It in investments. that might col
lapse.- But this uncertainty has been' aK
done away with. People with capital to
spare now know that they: may Invest it
with the certainty of getting 8 or 10 per
cent returns, and therefore they demand
a correspondingly- high rate of Interest
when they are approached for a loan. : •
"Am I a Democrat? Yes, I- 1 am; 'but 'l
am also a strong McKlnley man, aa li
I many another Democrat throughout . the
i United States. I think there is no doubt
'of Mr. McKlnley's re-election. The gen
eral prosperity existing under his admin
istration makes ¦ that •« almost ' an assured
fact. But I look for a quiet time in the
mercantile^world ,from ; now-: until: next
November. You'see, businessmen always
consider the possibility of their being mis
taken, no ' matter i how remote • that ¦ possi
bility may s be: " Therefore " they , will not
open out until they are assured of which
way the Presidential cat Is going to Jump.
"The Philippines have been a-.->a -.-> great
stimulus •: to trade . through .- the ' Impetus
glvenirto if by.»the> immense army the
Government"' has' sent there.*' This,- bow
ever, is. nothing to what will 'come .when
the military has asserted its supremacy
and a civil form of government baa been j
thoroughly established. Then the Islands
will be thrown open' for investment and
capital will flock to them with a rush. I
am afraid, however, that the boom will
be overdone and a reaction will follow
before the prosperity that is bound to ac
crue from their acquisition is fixed on a
Brm and lastine basis."..
TOM O'ROURKE ROASTS
SAILOR TOM SHARKEY
Says He Will Relinquish the Man
agement of the Pugilist Because
Hie Is a Coward.
j NEW TOKK, March 2.— Tom O'Rourlce
announced to-day that he. would on Sep
tember 1 give up the management of Tom
Sharkey, the prize-fighter. He said:
, "He is the biggest moral coward I have
ever had anything to do with. He talks
about meeting any man in the world, and
whenever he is pitted against- anybody
who can fight he tries to dodge the issue.
"When did be ever try to hedge?" asked
the reporter.
"Why. he dodged Fltzsimmons on Tues
day. If Sharkey , had come to time and
acted like a man that fight would not
have been declared off. , He" saw FlUtsim
mons' meant business, and that was
enough for him.
_' "The public does not know it. but there
came very near being no fight between
Sharkey and Jeffries. At the last moment
Tom declared be would not leave Stattn
Island, giving the cheapest sort of ex
cuses. I pleaded with him, begged him and
then I threatened to make little Waluott
take his place. A sense of the disgrace
from euch an act finally shamed him Into
fighting."
" O'Rourke says he will compel Sharkey
to fight a good many men before Septem
ber 1. when bis contract expires. Gus
Ruhlln is to be the first, ana CRourko
will cake a match next Monday between
the Akron giant and the sailor.
SANTA FE HEADQUARTERS.
General Manager Nevin Says They
Will Be Removed to Fresno.
STOCKTON. March 22.— A special Santa
Fe train bearing General Manager W. G.
Nevin, General Superintendent A. G.
Wells, Chief Engineer W. B. Storey. Mas
ter Mechanic George W. Smith, Chief En
gineer R. B. Burns of the Santa Fe Pa
cific. Signal Engineer J. E. Hobson.; Di
vision Superintendent A. D. Schlndler and
Master Mechanic Rutherford passed
through Stockton to-day over the Point i
Richmond extension of the Santa Fe to
San Francisco.
The party was met here by a delegation
of representative citizens who held a con
ference with Mr. Nevtn regarding the pro
posed removal of the division headquar
ters to Fresno and the probable location
of the Santa Fe shops. Mr. Nevin stated
that the headquarters would be removed
to Fresno, as the road could be operated
more advantageously from that point. It
being the end of a day's ¦ run. - As to the
shops, their location had not been active,
ly. considered, but he declared. they would
be located at Stockton if It could be
shown the company that Stockton pre
sented any advantages over other loca
tions. He stated that the location of the
shops at Stockton was one of the proba
bilities. - f
THE SAX WR AN CISCO CALL, -FRIDAY; , MA^CH 23, 1900.
TIME AND PLACE
NAMED FOR THE
PARTY COUNCIL
Republican State Central
Committee to Meet Here
April 6.
Brief Session of the Executive Body.
Resolution Adopted Recommend
ing Early and Active Work in
Registration of Voters.
•Zhe executive c&znmitte* «T the Repub
mn etsrt. Central Committee met yes
terday afternoon at room. 3SO, Palace Ho
tel, ar.d designated Friday. April 6, as
the date for the meeting of the general
committee*. The meeting yesterday was
called to order by Vice Chairman George
C. Pardee. Jacob Steppacher performed
the duties of secretary. The committee
men in attendance were: E. C. Hart,
Hacramer.to: H. Z. Osborne. Los Angeles;
Jitaes K. Wilson, Horace Davis, Isaac
rphara. W. J. Dutton, J. Alva Watt and
£aris KJlburn. San Francisco, and Dr.
Pardee, Oakland. E. C. Hart held the
proxy of George Stone. H. Z. Osborne
resented credentials rrom Frank P.
Flint. Paris Kilburn held the proxy of
Major Frank McLaughlin.
Among the spectators present were Al
fred Bouvier. chairman of the Republican
County Committee: Joseph Spear. John
T. Dare, Charies M. Shortrldge and Wil
liam Hamilton.
Isaac Uphatn moved that Friday. April
6. at 1 o'clock p. m., be fixed as the time
for a :neeting of the general committee.
On the suggestion of Paris Kilburn, the
motion waa amended by naming San
Francisco as the place of meeting. The
motion as amended carried. Jacob Step
pacher was appointed a committee of one
to engage a hall. Last evening he en
paged Golden Gate Hall on Sutter street,
near Taylor.
The following resolution pertaining to
registration was unanimously adopted:
"Whereas. At thY last regular session of the
Legislature the Political Code cv amended
requiring that there must be "In each even
numbered y^ar In each of the counties of the
Etate * new and complete registration of the
voters of eueh counties, and clUes and coun
ties who are entitled thereto. Such registration
• hall betfn en the first day of January of such
}ear» and shall be In progress at all times ex
cept during the forty days Immediately pre
ceding any election, when it shall cease as to
electors residing in the territory within which
such election Is to be held"; now, therefore,
te it
Resolved. By the Republican State Executive
Committee that all Republican Conjrressional
committees, county committees, leajrue ct
club* and organizations be and they are earn
estly urxed to take early steps to arouse in
terest in this all-important subject to secure
without delay a full and complete registration
of all the voters within their respective coun
ties, districts, wards and precincts. Registra
tion should receive Immediate attention and
• •¦cry eCort be made to aid and facilitate th«
labors of the County Clerks and Registrars of
Voters to prepare the new registers so that
they may be accurate and that there may be a
full and fair expression of the voters at the
polls in November next.
The executive committee adjourned to
meet In the Palace Hotel Thursday, April
5. at 3:33 p. in.
•
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE.
Apportionment of Delegates to
the State Convention at
Los Angeles.
The call for a meeting of Republicans at
the Union League Club. Thursday even
ing:. March 2. to consider the subject of
tending delegates to the convention of the
State League at Los Angeles, emanated
from the Garfield League of this city.
Inquiry last evening- disclosed the fact
that the meeting waa called without the
knowledge of the State League of Repub
lican Clubs or of the officers of the Affili
ated League of San Francisco Clubs.
A- M. Galvln, Martin Murray and sev
eral other promoters of the meeting, as
sembled at the Union League last night
and decided to adjourn the conference un
til Thursday evening of next week.
Hamilton J. Rlggins, secretary of the
AfSUated Republican Clubs of San Fran
cisco, and G. R. Lukens, president of the
Republican Alliance of Oakland, did not
¦ GOLD I
¦ Many men have found our £10 blue. serge suits to be just what they want — good B
¦ suits, popular, seasonable and stylish, and what is more — low priced. I
¦ If you are influenced by the action of others, you would buy this very ¦
I day were you to know of the constant calls we have had for these suits from I
the very start of the sale. ,It has proven to be as popular a sale, as we have had ¦
for many months past. But there is a good" reason for this — people appreciate I
values and they know values when they see them. I
Don't you think it a considerable value to get a guaranteed all-wool ¦
blue serge suit *° r I
Our spring stock of "Yeargood" clothing is now in the store ready for I
your buying. You will find among it neat light patterns for spring wear, also I
goods of darker tone, all being a collection of as fine a line as one could wish to I
see. They comprise suits and overcoats at all prices • ¦
Boys' Washable Suits I
For the boys to wear after school and on Saturdays— suits of washable material, I
six shades, sailor blouse and sailor pants, neatly' trimmed with braid: ages $to I
io years — a very good value. ¦
Also boys' sailor suits of brown cheviot, knee pants, blouses in eight dif- I
effects of trimming; ages 5 to io years. ¦
These suite on sale Friday and Saturday only for I
We fill out-of-town order* for clothing, hats and furnishings. Writs to as for our illustrated catalogue Mo. 2. it ¦
mill help you in your ordering. Should you order clothing we send a self-measuring blank, which assures you of getting ¦
a good fit. Writs us io-day. ¦
3AMERICAN LINE.
••¦ Rff TOaX. 80UTHAMPT0H. LOHSOH. FASXa.
Stopping at Cherbourg,' westbound. 1 . ¦ '
-•¦ From- New York every Wednesday,; 10 a. in. ;
New York.... .March £8 New Y0rk...... April IS
Bt. Pau1..:.....Aprt1r4 St. , Pau1.. ...... Aprils
St. 'Louis.'... ...April 11 St. Louis.... May :
- RED STAR LINE. "
? . ? New ,York;qod:Antwer3.
.. From New. York every "Wednesday, 12 noon*
Noordland ...March 28 Westernland; :. April is
Friesland ....... April 4 Kensington ....April 25
Southwark .....April 11 Noordland ;.... .May 2
.'.''-?} EMPIRE
8. S. Ohio, -from San ¥ Francisco May 13 and i
from Seattle May 24. to Nome and St.v Michael
Subsequent , sailings, June 30. 'July SI," Aug -SO*
First and ' second ; class ' passage.* >No ¦ steerage
C: For . full » lnformation t regarding freight and
passage apply to ' -' .. -. * ,• - ..^ . - . ?
; INTERNATIONAL' NAVIOATIOJJ CO
- SO Montgomery «t.,-or any ol lta agent*.
bad that she was almost delirious and it
was then ; that I commenced' giving her
Dr., Miles' Nervine. .She felt the effect
of , the medicine inside of an hour, and
by eVeriing she was ~, quieted so .that,
after taking a full dose, she retired and
slept soundly all night: ; The 'next morn-
ing she could not : tell .'that ] she ; had had
.the ¦ grip. '-This ; cure ; seems almost - too
rapid to^ be true,' but it' is a^fa'ct.".and .we
think if, she had taken the ;Neryirie be-
fore* the attack if. '^wouldv never 'have
come "on. Since then ;she . has- taken
eight bottles* of Dr. Miles' /Nervine^and
the r nervous ¦ trouble ' has entirely disap-
peared."
REV. ¦E* 8.1 SLADE, Robinson; Kans. f
Dr. Miles' Nervine is" sold at all drug-
gists'. on a - positive /¦guarantee.; Write
for free; advice and to "
;, pR;iMILES/ MEDICAL CO.; Elk>
hart, Ind." • ;
* -La Grippe is a fatal disease. It has
taken front, rankbefore the dreaded
smallpox, scarlet fever, diphtheria/; etc.,
in that its fatalities outnumber, those. "of
all other forms, of disease. During. the
seasons^ when the grip is prevalent
every man, woman and child is ; ex-
posed to its awful ravages. The atmos-
phere is everywhere thoroughly impreg-
nated with the deadly germs. It is con-
tagious as well as infectious, and may
be contracted by one person from an-
other ,i or taken into the , system ; in
riads of microbes through inhalation.
It f strikes straight to the very founda-
tion upon i which : lif e^exists— -the nerves
r— and tears asunder the vital framework
in remarkably "short. time. -. ;*•
; To- ward off attacks of La Grippe,"
_or to fight the disease during its "prog-
ress, the proper medicine to" use* is 'Dr.
t&^r v O 4i w ¦¦¦¦Hi^^kiv ¦¦ JU [ JLJLJm^M^O
Fastens its c Deadb Ctttfcfi upon the { Ovefworted, the Weak, the
DebilUaied f the^ed f theW^
may be O^
BARRELS of money, according: to re
port, backed/ the preat Hawthorne VI
In the last race for the Waterloo cup.
but a rank outsider Fearless Footsteps
captured t..s big prize. *-
Next the Derby, the Waterloo cup,
known as the Blue Riband of the Leash,
is perhaps the most important event to'
English sportsmen. This great coursinK
tournament takes place annually at Alt
car, near Liverpool.'
Thousands of pounds were wagered on
the result of the match this year. The
Great '"Hawthorne. .VI, Carrying parrels of
'Moneu, Beaten. ljb a Rank Outsider.
ABOLISHED
CO-OPERATIVE
BOOKSTORE
Stormy Session of the
State Normal School
Trustees.
Charges Against Mrs. Place Were
H?ad, but tha Hearing of Them
Was Postponed Until
May.
«
Special lMtpatch to The Cs
SAN* JOSE. March 22.— The meeting of
tne board of trustees of the State Nor
mal School to-day was characterized by
» somewhat stormy dispute between Trup
tee Leavitt and State Superintendent
Kirk, whicii ended in the abolishment of
the co-operative bookstore conducted by
lh<? students of that institution.
. The report of Principal McXau&hton
showed ther«» v.xre 764 students in the
Normal School and CG7 in the training de
j-ar«nient. a total of 1031. He favored the
openirg of a summer session. 1 so there
would b+" a cotitjiiuous school all the year.
"Vlie BumniT session v.-as to b-j conducted
during June July and Aupust. Work is
jiow progressiJig nn a plan to raise the
requirements for admission to the school.
It wa? announced that Mrs. Elisabeth
WcKir.non. who was on a leave of ob
fenrp. had resigned the position as pre
ceptress of the school, and Mrf. Mary
tJeorge was elected to the position.
• Charges preferred a^ain't Mrs. C. I**
Place, head of the traircinp department.
by Mrs. N. P. Kelly and Henry E. Miller
were read. The»>? charge Mrs.- Place with
being prejudicial and exercising her mal
jre esraimst IJzwe K/jlly and Henry E. Mil
ler so kf«"p them from graduating. A
hearirp: of the charges will be had at an
eiiiourr.e.l mertlng. to be held on May 7.
- The following resolution, introduced by
Kirk, opened up a discussion that extend
ed over wveral hours:
Ttee-artiiisr the inauguration of a ro-oi*r»tive
tv>ok*i<"<r* b>- Ftud»"nti« of the State Normal
P<-h»vj|, whi'-h has »>*en under onMderatlon for
twn meetings, rpjailve.l that while we oom
ro^ri'l the iitFr">pition <>f students 'o economize
.!>>• Fpmrlne their hooks at minimum price, we
viem- •!:•¦ plan which has been adopted as a
private or business enterprise, and there ap
r°annß no room at the Normal building which
run be *|«rH for the i>urpope. and doubt Inn
furthermore the authority of this board to per
mit the iif»e of any portion of the ptate Nor
ms] huil-iinc for the purpose of a bookstore
of the '¦harirtpr wnirh the present undertaking
ha* now assumed, we must decline to sanction
the further continuance of- the raid business
»t this normal school.
Loavitt objected to the clause In the
resolution declaring' ih«>re was no vacant
room In the school. This he eaid was not
fn, and he "prilled" Kirk over this sort
of diplomacy. Leavitt thought students
should be piven an opportunity to con
duct a book exchange.
Kirk's resolution carried. Pierce and
Leavitt voting apaist it.
After the meeting Superintendent Kirk
stated he was a member of the Board of
Rpp^nts of the State University, and. he
intended to look Into the co-operative
More there, and if It Is conducted as this
fine was he intended to try to have it
abolished.
The students of the Normal School de
rlare that Superintendent Kirk's action
fn the matter is prompted by Influence
brought to bear by the book dealers.
When the co-operative store was first
started the I<val book dealers organized
and out prices to fight It. The students
orfridernn the action of the trustees in
rlnsinjr the store, and declare the book
ring- is at work.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
f HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,^ MARCH 23, 1900.
COMMOTION
IN THE HOUSE
OF COMMONS
Irish Members Make a Noisy
Demonstration and > Se- i
cure i a Point. :
Timely Arrival of Balfour, the , Got
/ eminent Leader, and His Prompt
Tact Prevents/a Threat-;
: LONDON, March 22.— There was consid
erable" excitement "in the House of : Com
mons-this; afternoon;, resulting from at-"
tempts. on the part of Irish : members to
secure more of the House's time,- in which
they succeeded after noisy, displays, of
passlon^on the part of both the Irish and
their '; 1 opponents. 'Only the", tact of. Mr.
<Balf our," the Government leader, saved the
uproar* from developing into a. scene of
violent disorder.; . : •• ' ' ; !
_ The discussion pf the financial relations
between Ireland and Great Britain was
set down- for to-day and John Redmond,
the Irish leader, desired to obtain all the
time possible.- Therefore, he appealed tq
the promoters of the London water bill to
postpone its second reading for a couple of
days, so that' the Irish side might be thor
oughly discussed. The promoters agreed,
but the "Speaker, Mr. 'Gully, pointed out
that the orders of. the day provided for
the discussion of the London bill, and that
he was bound to see the orders obeyed.
Irish interruptions followed to such an ex
tent that the Speaker threatened to treat
them as disorderly. -¦- •-¦ . ¦ : •
The Irish members appealed to'the pres
ident of the local Government Board, Mr!
Chaplin, to postpone the debate. Mr.
Chaplin said ne saw no objection at first,
but after the attitude displayed by the
Irish members; the position of affairs had
been entirely altered. They had endeav
ored, he declared, "to coerce the House
and to yield would be the worst kind of
precedent.
Further attempts to speak were howled
down by the Irfsh- members and the dis
turbance grew worse each moment, when
Mr. Balfour opportunely entered. -Amid
loud Irish cheers. Mr. John Redmond ap
pealed to Mr. Balfour to intervene and
the latter agreed to ¦ a postponement,
which was adopted after further noisy and
disorderly discussion, during which Mr.
George G. Hartley, Conservative, depre
cated the House allowing a "rabble to dic
tate to It." Later he was forced to with
draw the obnoxious epithet.
Arthur O'Connor. Irish "Nationalist,
opened the debate on the overtaxation of
Ireland, which, he declared, from the date
of the union to 1890, exceeded the war in
demnity paid by France to Germany. He
moved that the Government take steps to
remedy this state of affairs.
Patrick .T. Power, Irish Nationalist, sec
onded the motion.
The motion of Mr.- O'Connor was reject
ed by 220 votes against 102.
CHObLJVUSE "DAMIANA BITTERS. *THB
l-^-' treat Mexican- remedy; give* health and
ttrength to ¦exual orKaas. . D«pot. 133 Market.
Erne to Meet Gans To-Night.
:NEW YORK. March 22.— To-morrow
night Frank Erne of Buffalo, lightweight
champion of the world, and Joe Gans of
Baltimore will meet in the Broadway «\th
i letlc Club In • a twenty-five round- context
Miles': Nervine. This- famous remedy
quickly eradicates the germs and over-
comes] the depressing effects, of the dis-
ease. It quiets and soothes the nerves,"
invigorates the appetite and creates new
life and •,. vigor. , It • increases the ; nerve
force and' vital power/ builds up the 're-
sistive strength » and prevents 1 such ; ter-
rible after effects 1 as heart
failure; nervous prostration ¦ and s insan-
ity, by completely' restoring the^* body
toa healthy, condition.,- . ', *
. "Having suffered for about .two; years
with ,a:peculiar nervous trouble, ray
wife's health .had ; become greatlyV run
down 'and 'she : fell anTeasy* ..victim . to La
iGrippe.:. She awoke in r ; the morning
feeling, chilly arid cold, with occasional
: hot i flashes.* "./She ached all over/was
very, nervous and uneasy and had ; heavy
pains in the* back of: her head and 'under
shoulder-blades. ¦By ;¦ noon ; t\ic\ was| so
GATHERED TOGETHER TO
GREET THEIR PRESIDENT
Insurance Ken Meet to Welcome
John A. McCall of the New
'r ..¦_•'*'; .• . 1 York Life. -. ¦ -•- ¦-.-.,
A meeting of the agents of the Pacific
Coast and Golden Gate .branches of the
New York Life Insurance Company was
held in the parlors of the Occidental, Ho
tel last evening to welcome Hon. John A.
McCall, president of the company, on his
arrival in the city.
The meeting was presided over by
Charles A. McLane of the Golden Gale
branch and the address of welcome was
delivered by Colonel Alex G. Hawes.' In
reply Mr. McCall spoke for about thirty
minutes, during which time he not. only
managed to say considerable that was of
interest to his hearers frpm a profession
al standpoint, but' much that was elo
quent and witty as well.
Following Mr- McCall; Dr. 8. Oakley
VanderpooT, medical director of the com
pany,-also spoke at considerable length.
This finished .the formal I busjnes.3 of . the
meeting and the. balance of the evening
was spent in pleasant social intercourse,
during whioh Mr. -McCalr had a chance
to become acquainted with his subordin
ates while renewing friendships that al
ready existed between "himself and those
of his employes whom he has known for
years. I -.-'¦. •¦;¦
Among the hundred and more insurance
agents who were present at last. night's
meeting were the following ' well-known
gentlemen: Attorney E. B. - McCutchcn,
Dr. Cbarles B. Brigham. Dr. , John C.
Spenser and Dr^.D. K. F. Easton. ¦:¦¦¦ ?
Many important changes are anticipated
as the result of the visit. of Mr.'-McCaU
to this city. ISmm)tO*9K&9ao&ggßHfgmm
Lfc > n«"<say.n «"<5ay. April 4.
/^n^hU. Anckland for Sydney
April -.13.
at a p. m.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zmiland. Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc: $810 first elan. - \- ,
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Act?., 114 Montr 1
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight QSlce. 327 Mar L
OCEAN TBAVEL.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave . Broadway
Iw. ' . wharf, Ban Francisco:
]^%h.. Fnr Alaskan ports, in a. m..
IBBBahk s!ar. 27, . Apr. 1. Change to
MRK^Bk^ company's steamers at S»at-
IWM W For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
flHß^*4Eft] C), Port Townsenii, Seattle,
f^^^^Kj {MS Tacoma. Kverrtt, Anacort^s
anil New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. Mar. 27, Apr. 1, and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to
c. P. - Ry.
- For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Mar.
25, SO, Apr. 4. and every fifth day thereafter. 1
For Santa Cruz. Mor^^y. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (SaJ^uls Obispo). Oavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles), and Newport, 9
a. m.. Mar. 24, 28, April 1, and every fourth
day thereafter.' •
For San Diego, stopping 1 only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. m.,
Mar. 26, 80. April 3, and even* fourth day
thereafter. . .
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Ban Jose del
Cabo.Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Mar. 8, and 7th
of each month thereafter. . ' ' * .
For further Information obtain company's
folder. . - ; ¦¦"-¦-¦
- The company . reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
wlthnut previous notice.
TICRBT OKFICt-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts..
. .10 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
To Lecture on Commerce.
Beginning Tuesday evening, March 27, a
course of five lectures on "The.Commer
cial Developments of the United. States"
will be delivered at Mark Hopkins Insti
tute by Professor Page. The lectures will
be given every Tuesday evening: at 8
o'clock until the course Is finished. Dr.
Alfred Emerson, formerly professor of
archaeology in the American School- at
Athens, wljl also deliver a course of lec
tures at the same place. The date of Dr.
Emerson's lectures will be announced
later. . .
Salvation Army Rally.
. Lieutenant Colonel William Brewer, ed
itor in chief of the Salvation Army pub
lications in New York, and his secretary.
Major J. C. Ludgate, are now in San
Francisco and will conduct special ser
vices in the Salvation Army hall, 1139 Mar
ket street, .to-night. He Is a forcible
speaker and will interest his audience oh
this occasion by relating his experience
during a recent trip through Europe, espe
cially his visit to Paris, where he has
thoroughly studied the social and political
life of the people.
Major Ludgate will also take part in the
service. The corps throughout the entire
city, as well as those in Oakland, Berke
ley and Alameda, will be united for this
occasion.
MERCHANT OF PALOMA
SUDDENLY DISAPPEARS
Had Considerable Money on His Per
son, and It Is Feared He Has
Met With Foul Play.
Fpecial Dispatch to The Call
BAN ANDREAS. March 22.— Paloma, the
prosperous town that has grown up near
the Gwln mine, has a sensation In the dis
appearance- of Victor Peterson, a well
known business man. The whole affair
I* shrouded in mystery, which the local
officer* have been unable to solve. Peter
son was onqragpd in general merchandising
arid was doing a profitable business. On
Thursday evening a week ago. March 15,
he left his home to go to the barber-shop
of Louis Blais to be shaved, leaving his
s=tor« opon. H* did pet shaved there, and
Ril trace of him was lost, as he has not
r>opn seen or heard from since. Peterson
was marri<vl about six months ago to a
divorced woman, formerly a Miss Her
bert.,
So ' far as known his home life was
.Tiarpy. His affairs have J*»en found in
's prosperous condition and thoroughly
straig-hiL It is thought that he had be
twpf-n Ron nn d J4OO on his person when he
disappeared. H* had this money in Gwin
minp checks, which h« had converted into
rr.«=h the afternoon of the day which he
rtipappparwi. Th*»ro seems to b« a feeling
in th" community that Peterson has gone
to peek new pastures, though there is a
possibility of foul piny. A careful search
of old shafts and tunnels has been made,
put without any results.
Oonsiderine: that Peterson left his stock
of gooris his sold watch and personal
hi* host clothing and indeed all
his worldly possessions, the sum of money
Et < -?IT i ' Hl ,s wa y lookll inPtsnifleant. The
FnerifTß offW has b*»en appealed to and
Is taking a hand In the search. Peteiron
Is a Scandinavian, between 35 and 40 years
of age. rather heavily built. 5 feet 9 inches
tall, wears a light mustache -and is of
1-jrht complexion. A peculiar feature of
the rase is that though her husband dis
appeared on Thursday evening Mrs Pe
tl * r . !B t OI lv tna ci' e no In( 3 ulr y concerning him
until the Saturday morning following
JAMES P. SARGENT
ANSWERS DEATH'S CALL
Was an Early Pioneer and Possessed
Considerable Property at
Gilroy.
Epecisl Dispatch to The Call.
GILROY. March 22,-Hon. James P. Sar
gent died at his home near Sargents Sta
tion this morning. Mr. Sargent had been
In feeble health for some time. Last
week he suffered a stroke of paralysis and
his death was npt. unexpected
_ In. the. death of James P. Sargent the
State loses one of its pioneers and this
valley one of Its most prominent and
wealthy settlers Mr. Sargent was born
In New Hampshire, February 1L 1823 and
came to California in 1549. He settled flm
at W eavervllle and conducted a mercan
tile store with his brothers. R. C j l
¦•"• a i I i d B L, V - T . he brothers accumulated con
siderable valuable property.
In 1&3 he came to the Gllroy Valley ami
since that date has been identified with
the Btock raising and farming interests of
the community. He had a fine ranch of
7000 acres, situated in the southern end of
€anta Clara County and running into San
Benlto and Monterey counti**s.
Mr. Sargent was a generous, whole-soul
ed man and his death is mourned by
rountless friends and relatives all over the
State.
In 1872 Mr. Sargent repreisented Santa
Clara County la the State Legislature. He
ha« held other positions of trust and re
sponsibility. His wife and four children-
James A.. Agnes. Ida and Mrs. Ouida
Green— survive him.
Owing to the absence of Misses Agnes
and Ida Sargent in Oregon, nc time has
yet been set for the funeral.
Jumped From a Train.
Special Dispatch ¦to The CaJl.
SAN RAFAEL., March 22.-Charles B.
Baldwin, a resident of Sausallto,- while
suffering temporary dementia, leaped irom
a Bwiftly moving train near West End this
afternoon and ran toward the JillU. .Up to
this evening he had not been* found
though the authorities are peeking 1 him
Baldwin up to a few months, ago' sold
papers on the ferry-boat Sausalito. He
was keenly interested in the business ani
worked early and late to Improve It. Al
waye of a nervous temperament, his mind
gave way under the strain and he became
•uMfcct to fits of dementia.
NEW EVIDENCE IN
THE HOUGHTON CASE
Request of the Prosecution to Reopen
Granted and the Testimony
Admitted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RIVERSIDE. March 22.— The disbarment
proceedings against Attorney R. E.
Hough ton of San Francisco took a new
turn this afternoon, when a motion was
made by the prosecution to reopen the
case to admit new evidence: The matter
was brought up at 1 o'clock this afternoon
in the Superior Court of this .county be
fore Judge Hughes of San Diego, who had
been trying; the 'case. 'Judge W. J. Hun-
Baker and A. A. Adair represented Plain
tiff Gage, and Judge J. W. Curtis of San
Bernardino. was present for Houghton.
•'The new evidence which the prosecution
asked to introduce was testimony in the
section 30 case, showing that Houghton's
attention had been called to the falsity of
exhibit 57- before he attempted to offer it
in Judge Noyes' court and that he, there
fore, introduced it in full knowledge of the
fraud. 1 . Judge Hughes heard the argu
ments of counsel and granted the motion
to .reopen. The evidence was admitted and
the case left in the hands of the Judge un
conditionally. ; . . .
Mrs. Watson Injured.
Special Pispatch to The Call.
SAN ANDREAS, Maenh 22.— Mrs. Wat
son of San Francisco,' who came to Sheep
ranch several days ago to attend the
funeral, of her sister-in-law, Mrs. Mary
Warren, has met with an accident and
sustained very painful Injuries. She was
stopping at the Anderson Hotel, kept by
her brother, and arose on ' Monday morn
ing and was in the act of descending the
stairs when in some manner she stumbled
and fell. She broke one of her wrists, cut
a large gash in her head and was other
wise Injured by scratches and bruises and
generally shaken up. The iniury to the
back of the head. caused much pain and
It was at first feared that -she had sus
tained a fracture. She is not yet out of
danger. - -
Chaparral Changes Hands.
Special Dispatch to The Call..
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 22.—
The comic magazine of the university, the
Chaparral, has been sold to the Press Club
and will henceforward be issued under its
management. C. M. Bradley has been
elected editor in chief and Brastow
Adams, the former editor, has been made
art editor. The Chaparral 1 is the only
comic college magazine west of Michigan.
DESPONDENCY
AND A PISTOL
WROUGHT DEATH
William A. Levinson's Body
Is Found Lifeless in
the Park.
Bookkeeper, Twenty-Five Years in
the Employ of Buckingham &
Hecht, Blows Out His
..•Brains. ¦ ¦ »•••.•.;':
William A.- Levinson,. a bookkeeper,
who has been in the employ of Bucking
ham & Hecht for the past twenty-five
years, committed suicide by shooting
himself through the head In Golden Gate
Park yesterday afternoon. The cause of
the deed has. not yet ' been determined,
but. friends and relatives of, the suicide
are of the opinion that ill-health drove
the unfortunate man to desperation.
Levinson is well known and prominently
connected in this city. He had the esteem
of his employers and worked assiduous
ly in their interests. He was divorced
from his wife, and. his daughter, Ethel
a young lady 16 years of age, Is at present
at school „ in Chicago. Qn Wednesday
evening hS took a walk with some friends
and appeared to ?>e m. the best of spirits
He did not speak Zl suicide and. men
tioned rro troubles that would be likely
to cause him to take his life.
Yesterday he left his -apartments at 6
Turk street as usual and started for his
place of employment: He did not go to
work, however, bur_-ode to Golden Gate
Park. , At^what houTne. took his life is
not Known, but his body was found about
8 o'clock by a policeman, who . was in
formed by two unknown men that a
tragedy had occurred. .
The bullet entered Levinson's right tem
ple, and must have produced instant
death. Levinson was nearly 50 years of
age. His body was taken to the Morgue,
where Jt was identified by friends last
evening. An autopsy will be performed
and an Inquest held. V. ¦
FOOLISH DRIVER
LANDED HORSES
IN OPEN DITCH
Falling Derrick Used by
Rescuers Injured a
Bystander.
A Water Main Was Broken and the
Two Animals Narrowly Escaped .
Drowning, but Both Were
Finally Saved.
Two horses attached to a cart of the City
Street Improvement Company's street
cleaning service fell into a ditch near the
corner of Mission and . First streets last
niffht From this followed a string of
mishaps, including the serious injury of
Robert Stanovich, a watchman, living at
312 Sixth street, several toes of his left
foot being crushed, by a falling derrick
and the breaking of a water pipe that
flooded the ditch and nearly drowned the
helpless horses. A score of persons stand
ing near the derrick when it fell narrowly
escaped serious injury.
The horses took their tumble soon after
9 o'clock. James Egan was driving and
although there was a string of lights
along the eide of the ditch giving notice
of danger he guided the horses so close
to the edge that the earth caved in and
overturned the wagon, precipitating the
horses into the hole.
- The poor beasts landed in the bottom of
the ditch tail to tail and there they lay
four hours kicking each other at intervals
and struggling helplessly. The police
telephoned for the officers of the- Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
to send an ambulance. In about an hour
it arrived in charge of Officer Matt Mc-
Curry, who immediately proceeded to
raipe an iron derrick about twelve feet
high. Ropes were fastened to one of the
horses and a # force of men began to pull.
The other horse ; began >to kick
again and' broke the water main, from
which water began to flow, threatening to
flllthe ditch. The men at this pulled as
fast as possible and got one horse to the
surface safely.
Robert Stanovich had hold of a rope tied
around the horse to swing it clear of the
ditch when suddenly the derrick fell with
a crash. It grazed George Mclntyre in its
fall, narrowly missed several others and
struck Stanovich on his left foot. Stano
vich was taken to the Harbor Receiving
Hospital, where it was thought that the
Injured toes might have to be ampu
tated.
After an hour of hard work the, sec
ond horse was rescued. From 9 o'clock to
midnight one track of the Mission-street
electric road was blocked.
for the title and the winner's end of the
receipts— about $7500. On the past per
formances of the two men It la safe to
predict that it will be one of the hardest
battles ever fought for the title. The pre
vailing price is 100 to 80 on Gans, but some
big wagers have been made at 100 to 70,
notably one of $2000 to $1400.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, March 22.— Wild Pi
rate, who won. the two-year-old race
easily, was the only successful favorite
to-day. The track was sloppy. After the
heat race W. W. Lyles claimed Corialis
for $925 and after the last race J. H. Smith
secured Koenig in the same way for 5375.
Results:
Six fnrlongrs. heats, gelling: First heat—Tor
tugus won. Baniica second, Corlalls third.
Time. 1:17%.
Second heat— Banrlea won. Tortug&s second,
ilouseltoft third. Time, 1:17%.. ¦ ;" .
Run-off— Baniica won, Tortugas second. Time,'
1:2014.
Five- furlongs, two-year-olds — Wild Plrata
won. Blink second. Anxious third. Time, 1:06%,'
Mile sjid an eighth, selling— The Bondman
won. Warrior second, Zolo third. Time, 2:02 V«.
Seven furlongs, handicap— Compensation won
Lady Callahan second, Ed Gartland II third.
Time. I:S2H. -x
Mile and twenty yards, selling— Harry Lucesco
won; Ben Chance second, Orleandine third.
Time 1:6094.
Mile and an eighth— George B. Cot won,
Nailer second, Koenlg third. Time, 2:01!4-
HAWTHOBNB VI.
most heavily played dog was Dr. Ruther
ford Harris* Hawthorne VI, which car
ried the royal commission of £10,000 ($50,
000). Hawthorne made a good showing
in his first trial, but was beaten in the
«>mi-finals. Such heavy betting had
never been witnessed at the Waterloo
cup meeting before, and the dog's ad
mirers must have been extremely confi
dent of his sucopss.
In private trials Hawthorne VI had
shown such remarkable speed and ability
to keep with the hare that a syndicate of
Lancashire sportsmen decided to back
him to the limit. The result was that a
perfect flood of money poured in on the
bookmakers. Experts who had seen Haw
thorne VI perform expressed the opinion
that he resembled the great Fullerton, the
three time winner of the- Waterloo cup,
in speed and action.
While coursing has been popular In Ensr
land_ for , more than 150 years, there Is
every evidence that its popularity is
steadily ifcreasinjr.
A few years ago the successful candi
date for th« "Blue Riband" was worth
l)te weight in copper. He is now worth
his weight in gold, either in America or
England. In fact, Mr. J. 11. Rossetter of
this city is said to have refused a $10,00*3
offer for For Freedom. , . ,
- For Freedom was bought when a purjrjy
fro n the Fawcetts, who also own Fear
lf? s , "J>otsteps, the recent winner of the
Waterloo tup. -
While coursing is %'cry popular in the
western part of the United States, there
le vet*/ little of it done in the East.
FAVORITE DEFEATED FOR WATERLOG CUP.
Wj/tSA BeB c Watchdog for the Goldfields. I
J fir^^L>3B II ites w^en it barks. It will protect your claim
mwWj! v Ammunition
fcjmK&tfdmSbM Alwa y s re ' lab 'e, sold everywhere, . Send nams and
BupSHRBrX^M address on a postal card for 160-page illustrated
vSS^mZj \ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
¦ ¦• - ' '¦ ¦ . ° ¦ I I tl'A. 11l 1 1 '1 1 J I Careful ¦
• I Clothing. .. VdU- jf^AII #i|i I Attent«on. |
¦ Outfitters In ; : ./A 1/ 4Vit* » W'Sh // o d 3
J ' ¦', \j. VJ 4^^ V To-Day. -' Jj
I Here's a chance to outfit the boy. We want to in- y
1 troduce the boys' part of The Red Front store and to do Ej
8 it we make this offer— simply to boom the department «
S Here's the proposition: m
9 One doufcl;-breast;d rollfn? collar suit— double knees, D
H double scat, double stijehed— tough as leather ana £f
E ¦ in du-t- proof shades— a school suit of quality— £4
9 One extra P3lr of pants — sams as above— can't wear •
m One Mother's friend shirt waist— the famous " Mother's |
B Friend" brand is known everywhere— 50c kind — i g
9 . One golf cap to match the outfit. ftf t
1 The whole outfit — suit, extra pants, waist and cap for *
S • vP^L.t'vJ complete.
i A $5.00 Leader in Long-Pants Suits— An excellent suit for |
h older schoolboys — ages 12 to 19 years— well made, good fit — a £3
H '-' suit built with a determined purpose of getting ths same boy jg
H back again when he Is ready for another suit — all sizes — ts-00. ft
Wjr ¦ A.J.PRAQER & SONS. <&£i
859 MARKET STY qpp pqwhll
TOYO KISEN KAISEri.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COH-
ner of First and Bran nan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai. ' and
connecting at Honnkong with steamers for. In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. •
HONGKONO MARU... Saturday. March 31
NIPPON MARIT Wednesday. April 25
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May 13
¦ . via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's' office.
421 Market st.. comer First.
W. H.- AVERT. General Agent.
COXPAOSIE GENERALE TRAJfSATLA.ITiqtIS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .*«».
Pallinsr < eTery Thursday in*tead of VaSS^
Saturday, from November 2. 1399. .at ¦*.****¦*¦
10 a. m.. from Pl^r 42. North, River, foot of
Morton st.; LA TOURAINE. March 29: - LA
BUETAONE. April 5: L'AQUITAINE, April 12:
LA GASCOGNE. April 19. First -class to
Havre. $60 and upward: 5 per. cent reduction
on round trip. Second claro.t<i Havre. $45: 5
per cent reduction on round 't«lp. 'GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES! AND CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldln*>. New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific . Coast
Agents. & Montgomery aye.', San Francisco,
THE 0. R. & H. CO,
DISPATCH FAST. STEAMERS TO
P O R, T L-A-lSriD
From Eo»ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C«PC SI2 First Class Includiug BertH
IAfIC S3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.. .'..
. . ..; 7.. March 24. April' 3
COLUMBIA, sails. 1 ..: ...March 29. -April. S
Short line .to Walla Walla, . Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. -'. ."•. :
E. C. WARD, General Agent. :
-,>>¦ = - 630 Market st
, GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
•• - Superintendents.-*
BAY AND HIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. 1 NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello.**
MOJ?.. Tries.. Wed.. Thurs and Sat. at 9 - 4S
a. m.: S: 15. B:3ft p. m. (ex-.Thurs. nlgh.O; Fri-
days, 1 V- m. and 8:30: Sundays, 19:30 n. m., 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE....: ....;.:.....:„.-.. soo
Gleet, 3p«r ma torrh^s
frr\rHE£YAH3CHEHirnCo. braae*. Noo-*strin?«nc.
WAcmciNiiin,o.Bß9 Sold by itruKSiui*,
£v°°* or J bo«l—» li^i
4Packers Consolidate.
Special Dispatch to .The Call.
"WOODLAND. March 22.— The . raisin
seeding plant of O'Connor & . Stewart,"
Chico.and the fruit packing and drying
plant of this city have been consolidated
under the management of Guggenhlme &
Co. .
Osman Pasha Not Dead.
CONSTANTINOPLE. March 22.— There
is; no. truth in the report published in the
United ' States that Osman Pasha, the
hero of Plevna, is dead. The famous
Turkish general has been sick for a week
past, but his health is now improving.
.'.'¦¦ - ? ';¦/.
£ The greatest talkers in Cal- 8
O if ontia — and a great many of : 8
O them are San Franciscans too! $
O. Do you know what the* short- tt
# " hand writers ; have to say ; 8
# about themP Next Sunday's »
0 Call /will. tell you. - : i ? V=O
b« a »a« s & s a a a «»o»b
his approval to the measure. He held up
to the view of the House a copy of "The
Velvet Hand, or the Life of Injun DWk."
paperbound, which he said was entitled to>
second-class rates, while a cloth-bound
copy of "Rob Roy," which he had pur
chased for 5 cents, could not be sent as
second-class matter. His argument elic
ited much applause.
Clark of Missouri proposed and the
House adopted an amendment which he
said was in the interest of the country
editor, allowing sample copies to 100 per
cent of the subscription list and not ex
ceeding 7000 sample copies.
Snodgrass of Tennessee offered a sub
stitute for section 2, doing away with all
limitations on sample copies— lost, 93 to 77.
An amendment was adopted admitting
college and school papers and periodicals,
including business and commercial col
leges and the periodicals of student fra
ternities, not to exceed 2000 copies, to the
malls at second-class rates.
Heatwole of Minnesota offered an
amendment providing that all publications*
which by this act are admitted as second
class mail matter "having a subscription
list exceeding SO«X> copies," shall separate
the same by States, cities, towns and
counties — agreed to. 118 to 21.
Morris of Minnesota offered an amend
ment to section 4, including in the periodi
cal? Included in the bill as second-clas*
mail matter publications of all regularly
Incorporated institutions of learning, all
strictly professional, literary, historical or
scientific societies, including bulletins is
sued by State Boards of Health and Stats
experiment and scientific stations, pro
vided "that such publications or any par
ticular Issue shall not be designed for ad
vertising purposes." The amendment was
agreed to.
Moon moved to recommit the measure
to the Postofflce Committee without In
structions. The motion to recommit pre
vailed on a aye and no vote — 14S to 96.
sixteen being present and not voting.
The diplomatic and consular appropria
tion bill was sent to conference, with
Hitt, Adams and Dinsmore as conferees.
POSTAL RATE
OILL IS AGAIN
SIDETRACKED
Sent Back to the Postoffice
Committee by the
XIU Hot'
Very Unlikely That It Will Come Up
Again at This Session, as Loud
mSays He Is Tired
of It.
"WASHINGTON, March 22.— After a
spirited discussion extending over three
days the Loud bill relating to second class
mall matter was ¦ recommitted by the
House to-day to the Committee on Post
offices and Post Roads. The majority in
favor of recommitting was so decided
that it is considered unlikely that the
measure will again appear during the
present session. Loud said after the vote
was announced that this was the third
time and out as far as he was concerned.
The vote on the motion was 14S to 5(6, with
16 present and not voting.
Moon of Tennessee- opened the discus
sion for the opposition. He discussed at
length the handling and transportation
of mail matter, maintaining there could
be no evil effect' from permitting the seo
ond class matter the privileges it has now.
He made a strong plea for the retention
as. second class matter of certain litera
ture, which he said was so valuable to the
people and such means of instruction and
education to the people.
Th# education of the people was mor*
important, he said, than a small bit of
revenue to the Government.
Talbert of South Carolina declared the
present law sufficiently covered the sub
jects touched, upon by the bill, and said
the country editors would be the heaviest
sufferers by the passage of the bill.
Cummlngs of New York in a character
istic speech opposed the bill in the interest
of every man who wants cheap litera
ture, every typesetter and every book
binder in the city of New York. He de
clared that by the enactment of the pend
ing bill Congress would take work from
every man interested In the printing trade.
Moody of Massachusetts closed the gen
eral debate in support of the bill. H©
carefully analyzed the provisions of the
bill, presenting as he proceeded arguments
in favor of each provision. The weight
of his early argument was in support of
the bill because it would save to the Gov
ernment an enormous sum of money per
annum. With the money which the Gov
ernment 'had lost on second class mail
matter during the past ten years. Moody
declared, it could have constructed the
Isthmian canal or a fleet of modern bat
tleships.
In conclusion Moody made a strong ap
peal for the passage of the bill as a meas
ure "on the side of the people and against
the special and selfish interests."
Rldgley of Kansas declared that the
railroad companies were to-day telegraph
ing members to support the bill. He
deemed this particularly significant of the
interest railroads had in the matter. The
fight, he said, would. never end until Gov
ernment ownership of railroads had be
come an accomplished fact.
Cowherd of Missouri, speaking in sup
port of the bill, said every official who
had investigated the subject, had given
TWO PORTS
RELIEVED OF
QUARANTINE
Conditions in Hawaiian
Isles Materially
• , Improved.
Plague Is Dying Out, but a Large
Number of Asiatics and Natives
Suffer, Being Unable to
Get Work. .
Bpeclal Corre»pondenc« of The Call.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
! HONOLULU, March 15.— Hilo and Ka
hului are again open, ports. In Honolulu
the plague and suspicious cases are
merely sporadic, the period of intermis
sion ranging from five to twelve days.
Nine days had passed without a new case,
when on Sunday last a Chinese case was
discovered in a stable in the suburbs. The
stables were promptly burned. The pa
tient still lives. There have been sixty
six cases, with fifty-six deaths and nine
recoveries, one patient still being sick.
The case of Hermann Levy, son of
Rabbi Levy, turns out to be pneumonia,
and he is holding his own, with a ten
dency to impro\ement.
The antl-ptst serum is proving very ef
ficacious in all cases in wnich tne patient
¦is found in the early stages of the dis
ease. It is much more effective with the
white than the Asiatic race.
Dr. C. B. Wood, the never-tiring presi
dent of the Board of Health, and Dr. F.
H. l_)ay, physician of the port, having suc
cessfully experimented upon themselves
with the prophylactic serum.. have inocu
lated quite a numbtr of outgoing passen
gers, with satisfactory results. Tnis ac
tion makes them immune and free to
So far the cost to the Board of Health
for fighting the plague alone has been
(512,443 50, and yet It is compelled to ask
for 'another appropriation of a quarter of
a million dollars. The house to house
visitations by volunteer inspectors has
practically ce*as«d and their duties will be
assumed on Monday next by a corps of
thirty inspectors at $100 a month. They
will be superintended by Mr. Towse
of the President's staff and also a well
known Journalist of rspute.
The condition of things is distressingly
hard for the homeless and destitute Ha
waiians, for most of the men are stsve
dores and wharf laborers, and the quar
antine has lobbed them of their work.
Thty have applied to the Government for
work and assistance, but were answered
cavalierly. The «iovernment organ ad
vises them to apply to the plantations.
' The Cabinet is now arranging the ap
propriation bill for presentation to the
Council of State and subsequently to the
Pre«ident of the United States. So far Jt
exceeds $2,000,000. In connection with this
matter the Government has received from
the Secretary of State the following com
munication: • iV,.
"The President has not considered it
wise to convene" the old Legislature, ex
pecting the Council of State to provide
for requisite expenditures until Congress
enacts the Hawaiian Territorial bill. He
approved act No. 1 of the Council of
President Dole will shortly nominate a
court of claims to consider the enormous
number of claims arising out of the al
most wanton destruction of property
caused by the plague, but there are legal
difficulties in the way if. the Hawaiian
laws are to be taken into consideration.'
On Saturday night last there was an
outburst of crimes. The first, crimes re
ported were* the murder of Toyo Jacksom
a respectable citizen, and the. stabbing of
Isaac Cockett by a negro named William
Ester.' Ester,' who used an ordinary clasp
knife, claims that he arrived here on the
United States transport - Columbia, and
that he was . in the commissariat of the
Forty-second United States Infantry. The
fatal fracas was the result of a barroom
row This was followed , In . the early
morning of Sunday by a row in a
"swipes" Joint in the suburbs between
a white man and disreputable natives. The
white man .was robbed- and attacked by
the, natives, but succeeded in stabbing
three of them. ' He was one of the sani
tary . committee • guards, "among : whom
i were several other bad characters. ¦ An
other white man narrowly escaped lynch
ing by Kanakas for having drawn, as they
alleged,; a knife on a native who inter
fered in a domestic quarrel. ' r
The criminal incidents closed at" 3 o'clock
in the morning by a thwarted attempt at
burglary. Although shot at several times
th*» two burglars escaped. , - •
The • citizens of Kauai are indignant at
Attorney General Cooper of be
cause during the | plague scare he visited
the former place and failed to observe the
quarantine, regulations... .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Delegates Elected.
Special, *lspatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, March '. 22.— Santa Cruz
Parlor >"o. 90, - Native Sons ; of ; the Golden
West, elected Dr. "W. R. Linscott. ¦William
D. HaslanV and R." H. Pringle delegates
to . the Grand \ Parlor, which will . meet ' at
Orovllle next month. ' » , ¦ ' ::.;-*
Wriilfs Indian YeietaWe Pills
AJU. ACKNOWLEDGED liV THOUSANDS
of persona who have used them (or forty
>ear» to cure KICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS.
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver, Weak Sicmacli.
J'^rtln and purify tin blood.
The man who is able to take in a situ-
ation at a glance should have no trouble
In finding a. Job.
GOL» SEPARATOR.
lone Gold Separator and Amalgamator in
l!y operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. 123 Ist.
HIGHWAYMAN
BOLDLY RODS A
TRAIN IN IOWA
Secured Considerable Cash
and One Gold
Watch.
Using the Flagman as a Shield He
Went Through the Sleeper and
* Chair Car Believing Pas
sengers of Valuables.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. March 23.— A lone
robber, wearing a mask with a huge black
mustache painted on it, held up the
southbound Kansas City, St. Joseph and
Council Bluffs train, four miles south of
Hamburg, lowa, at 1:30 o'clock this morn
ing. The train was in charge of Conduc
tor Billy McGee. S ;
Flagman Moore' was first accosted by
the robber at the i ear end of the train.
Using Moore as. a shield the robber went
through the sleeper and chair car, get
ting J2<X) in cash and a gold watch. He
pulled the bell cord, and when the train
slowed down Jumped off and escaped in
the darkness.
The robbery was reported to the Bur
lington general office here from Langdon,
the first station south of Hamburg. The'
robber is described -as being I low in
stature and heavy set.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally. C 5 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
ENTIRE BUILDING IS
WRECKED BY EXPLOSION
One Man Killed and Four Seriously
Injured in a Photographic
Establishment.
PHILADELPHIA. March 22.— One per
son was killed and four seriously injured
by a terrific explosion of collodion in the
photographic supply establishment of
Thomas M. McCollln & Co.. on South
Eleventh street to-day. The dead man la:
HERMAN WEISS, aged 19 years.
The more seriously injured are George
W". Nicholas. August Hauser. Daniel
Reed, a fireman, and John A. Granton.
The building was almost entirely
wrecked and the adjoining structure, oc
cupied by V. Clad & Sons, manufacturers
of hotel ranges and kitchen supplies, was
also badly damaged by the force of the
explosion. There were over one hundred
persons in the Clad establishment when
the explosion occurred on the sixth floor
of the McCollin building. The force of
the explosion blew out the north wall of
the building and the heavy mass crashed
through the roof of the Clad building,
which was only four stories in height.
' Weiss and Hauser, who were working
on the upper floor of the Clad building.
were crushed under the falling debris.
Nichols and Granton were burned by the
explosion and were taken from the Mc-
Collln building by firemen. While firemen
were working in the McCollin building the
third floor gave way -and in this crash
Fireman Daniel Reed had his leg broken.
. The property loss is about $73,000. Fire,
which followed the explosion,. did consid
erable additional damage. ¦
.The roof of the Jefferson Hospital, the
rear' of which adjoined the burning
structure, caught fire but the flames were
quickly extinguished and did but little
damage. A number of patients were re
moved from the hospital as a measure of
precaution during the progress of the fire.
T2ISTTOUI7Q FOR barbers, bak-
O JTiU sjXl^O * r ». bootblacks, bath-
hcu*ea. billiard tables,
l.rmers. bookbinder*, candy-maker*, canners.
Ayer*. flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hungers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sla-
tilecen. tar-roofers, tinners, tailors, etc
UUCHWVi BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
STAMPEDE OF
NOME MINERS
TO KOYOKUK
Rich Finds Reported on
Many of Its Tribu
larlcS.
Old Claims Which Have Been Thrown
Open on Account of Failure of
Owners to Work Them
Being Relocated.
... ? "
Sl>ec!al Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 22.— Copies of
the Nome ' News received here tell of the
discovery of new and rich finds on the
tributaries of the.Koyokuk and of the
stampede of throngs of Nome miners to
relocate some thousand or more claims
that have been thrown open through the
failure of their owners to do development
work on them.
In its Issue of December 30 the News
says: A party composed of Jack Webster,
John Reynolds and John McLean have ar
rived at Nome from Weare, at the mouth
of the Tanana. Mr. Webster says that a
big strike has been made on Slate and
Myrtle creeks, which run into the Koyo
kuk about 650 miles up that river. This
he learned from Captain White, a steam
boat man he met at Nulato. Captain
White had told him- "that the Klondike
was a grubstake country compared with
the Koyokuk."
Mr. Webster confirmed the report that
the bodies of two men had been seen float
ing down the Yukon at Koyokuk Station.
He said he had been Introduced to. the two
dead men, who were a doctor and a drug
gist, by a man who accompanied them,
before they started on their journey down
the river in a zinc boat. He .believes all
three perished. He could not give their
names. The same paper says:
¦ "For several days past scores of men
have been pushing out of town in all di
rections — east, west and north. Several
dog teams left for the Golovin country on
Thursday. The cause of this unprece
dented amount of traveling is that num
bers of claims will be open for relocation
after January 1. hence the anxiety of so
many to be on the ground.
"A. Bertillion, who has just returned
from a trip up the Nome River to the
head and thence back by. way of Anvil
Creek, says there are 300 or 400 men
camped along the route traversed by him.
Some are doing a little prospecting, but
most of them are watching some claim or
other which they propose to jump.
"The stampeders who hopa»to find good
claims to be relocated are not confined to
the male persuasion, for' numbers of
women have started out to find some min
ing property and others are in with the
push. • .
"The number of claims staked this yea»-
In the Cape Nome mining district Is about
500 and assessment work has been done on
300 claims. Fifty-four quartz claims were
also recorded during 1899, 218 beach claims
and 275 tundra claims. "
"Since the district was organized, en
October. 15, IS9B, 4000 claims approximately
have been recorded."
PADEREWSKI, THE GREAT PIANIST.
Paderewski, the world's most famous pianist, who is to open an engage
ment at the California next Monday, has sat for a photograph, for the first
time In his life in the United States. He had his picture taken a few days
ago «U Los Angeles by Marceau and the result is an 'excellent likeness, hair
and ail. ijt .''.'. • . •
TESTIMONY
OF GOVERNOR
STEUNENBERG
Chief Executive of Idaho a
Witness in the Coeur
d'Alene Inquiry.
HIS VIEWS OF THE TROUBLE
Tells a Very Graphic Story Descrip
tive of the Lawless Acts Which
Induced Him to Ask for
Federal Aid.
WASHINGTON. March 22.— Unusual in
terest attached to the Coeur d'Alene in
vestigation to-day, as the prosecution,
after presenting testimony almost -unin
terruptedly for five ¦weeks," closed its '.use
and gave way to the defense.
Governor Steunenberg of Idaho was the
first witness called in rebuttal of the
charges which have been made. He is a
type of the sturdy Far West of years
gone by. He is of mass!ve build, and his
Indifference to the conventionalities is
shown by a refusal to wear a necktie. A3
he took the stand he spread before him
several hundred telegraphic dispatches
The examination was conducted by J. C.
Cheney, one of the counsel for the de
fense.
Governor Steunenberg said he was elect
ed Governor of Idaho in 1895 on the Peo
ple's Democratic ticket, having accepted
the nomination of the Democratic con
vention. He read telegrams dated several
days prior to the blowing up of the Bun
ker Hill mill on April 29 and leading up to
that event. On April 26 Frederick Bur
bridge of. the Bunker Hill mine tele
graphed that fin armed mob bad stopped
the Bunker Hill men from working, :aid
• he called for protection to the property
interests. He also read many telegrams
to and from the Sheriff and others, show
ing the steps taken to maintain order. The
Governor suggested arbitration of differ
ences, but in answer Mr. Burbridge stated
that there was nothing to arbitrate, and
again called for protection.
On April 29, the day of the blowing up
of the mill. Governor Steunenberg said
he received at 10:37 a. rn. a dispatch from
Mr. Burbridge stating that all the mintT3
of Canyon Creek had laid off and were
coming to Wardner to menace the Bunker
Hill men. This was accompanied by an
other request for protection. At the 3am»
time dispatches were received from A. L.
Mohler of the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation Company, first stating that an
armed force had taken possession of the
railway tracks at Wardner. and then, at
4 p. m., stating that the rioters had set
fire to the mill, that they had placed dy
namite under it and that it would be
blown up. Sheriff Young also telegraphed
him from Wardner that • the mill tvs.%
blown up and described the gravity of the
situation. At 6 p. m., the Governor taid.
he sent a dispatch to the President calling
for Federal aid. as the Idaho troops vrera
absent In the Philippines.
The Governor said he had been ill prior
to the Coeur d'Alene excitement, ana:bo
ing unable to go in person he sent a repre
sentative, Bartlett Sinclair, to the s«*it f.f
disorder. On April 30 Sinclair telegraphed,
urging that the President be advised to
rush troops from the nearest post. He
also telegraphed that he had thoroughly
Investigated the need of martial law; that
the local administration of the law was a
farce and amounted to maladministration;
that people were afraid to testify and that
masked men were prowling about the
town terrifying people. Many like tele
grams, showing the exciting developments
from day to day, the arming of the citi
zens, the making of arrests, etc.. were
read by the Governor. On this Informa
tion, and on his own knowledge of affclr*
for six years, including repeated outrag€3,
with apparently no effort to -apprehend
the guilty parties, the Governor said he
proclaimed that a state of insurrection
and rebellion existed at the scene of dis
turbance.
Governor Steunenberg said he cautioned
Mr. Sinclair not to align himself with
either side, employers or employes. Sin
clair had made speeches in New. York for
Henry George, so that the Governor said
he regarded him as qualified to glVa fair
consideration to the labor situation.
Representative Lentz objected at this
point to the line of inquiry by Mr. Cheney
and questioned the propriety! of having
private counsel direct the investigation.
Chairman Hull replied that the prosecu
tion had selected Mr. Lentz to direct. its
side, Mr. Robinson, an'attorney for , the
miners, having assisted, and said the de
fense was entitled to have counsel. . The
committee voted to permit the question
to stand as the • attorney propounded it.
As there were frenuent objections to ques
tions, the committee agreed : to a motion
by Mr. Sulzer. that the Go\'ernor be al-
lowed to tell his story in his own way,
without interruption.
Governor Steunenberg then related In
detail the steps taken .to carry out the
proclamation. He said arrests were made
of those reasonably suspected of com
plicity in the disturbance.
The Governor said he took such precau
tions.as were possible to look after the
prisoners, but tne conditions of the insur
rection were most unusual and at every
point the authorities were . embarrassed
by the insurrectionary element. He visit
ed, the barn and the stockade occupied by
the prisoners and sought to have the
stockade or permanent quarters com
pleted. He said he talked with the pris
oners, who told him that the bread was
too light, but that everything else was all
right. The chief commissary of the State
Informed him that the parties who fur
nished the bread had been waited upon
by a committee and warned that they
must not continue the supply. A bakery
was thereafter built by the authorities
and good bread sunrilled. . .
Governor Steunenberg was asked where
the insurrection had its inception and
what mining camps were engaged in it.
He said that, in his opinion, the mining
of Shoshcne County had been In a
state of. insurrection since 18S2. The in
surrection of April 2P, he said, started at
Durke. where a meeting was held in the
hall of the Western Federation of Miners.
The participants proceeded to arm them
p^lves and went by train to Wardner. At
Gem, he said, a similar meeting at a sim
ilar hall was held and arms and masks
were distributed. He described the gen
eral concentration of the men at Ward
ner, where, he said, they waited in a dis
organized state until a single engine ar
rived from Wallace. Then systematic.or
ders were given, the first being "Wardner
to the front."
A party secured dynamite which was
placed under the mill and set off. Firing
then began Indiscriminately and one of
the invading party was killed. Some of
the Bunker Hill employes were taken
prisoners by the masked men.
The Governor's description was extend
ed and circumstantial and brought out
frequent objections from Mr. Lenta on the
ground that It was hearsay.
Governor Steuenenberg was asked what
part the United States troops took In
the arrest and detention of Imprisoned
miners. He said the position they occu
pied wap the same as that wh'ch th«»
State militia would have occupied If they
had been available.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1900.
PADEREWSKI FACES
A YANKEE CAMERA
i iSaves "^1 DRAKE H
A MOTHERS MERCY.
Alwjys Anxious to Sa?e the Little
On:s Froß
L«:k cf Proper Care in Childhood Lays
the Foundation for Habitual <-*onstipa-
tion. Causing Lifelong t ufferinft.
Nothing so sweet and touching as a
mother s care for her little ones
What a tender, watchful eye her anx-
iety ke«"ps on the young hopefuls
In the young nearly alt ailments are
directly traceable to stomach and bowel
complaints.
Physic ar.d purpes are the most common
and most dangerous of all medicines.
Nearly all contain opiates or mercurial
and other mineral poisons, which perma-
nently affect the tender bones and tissue.*
of the child.
The only proper laxative for a child is a
pentle, positive vegetable liver ylmulant,
like «.ascarets Candy Cathartic. For the
babe In arms the mother eats a Cascaret.
It makes her milk mildly purgative, anj
npnents the baby. Older children «?at a
piece of a Cascaret like candy. They taste
pood, make the liver lively, prevent sour
stomach, purify the blood and regulate
the bowels perfectly.
Go buy and try Cas-carets to-day. It's
what they do. rot what we say they do
that proves their merit. AH druggists. 10c
-ac or 50c. or mailed for price. Send for
booklet and fre<? sample. Address Sto:l!ng
Rcrae-iy Co., Chicago; Montreal, Can., or
New York.
jr v This Is the CASCARET tan-
f /a<S f»> let. Every tablet of the only
J ji ;. ! I genuine Cascarets bears th»
I to Ib Ito J magic letters "C C C." Lock
N, A at the tablet before you buy.
>l ,r and boware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitutes.
MUHYON'S GUARANTEE.
8j
¦ tronjf A».ort!on. m to Joit What
111© ttcardlft Will Urn.
. Mnrron t'aarantees
-i?-S-**7Hr3Sv ttsr fcli RS«ia:stlim
/*^ i; ;i^V?V.'* CuTe wln care Dearly
/Ji^^^J^Sit?-?! all ciki oT rbciicia.
X^if ' " ~^*£2r tjR3 ln ¦ ' ew bourt;
$z" t£** tfcst tls I>T«j*p,i a Core
I*« 3 wUI wr * Indigestion and
*J » ¦»>yj^V'Sy aII ftonuch trouble? ¦
T? **£? rS$Zt? that Ms Kidney Cure
U P^g/ »iil cure 00 per cent.
\ y*M3fe*ff Cf all cases of kidney
v troobl«; ttat bis Co-
J^T *S*W Urrh Cor « wU I <"c
**llJ^oC£Si»w «tarrh no matter how
Vti^vSETc'^f Headsche Cjie will euro
*'•! I CT aoj kind of beadacbe In
I I J a few mloates; that
1 fc!s Cold Car* wKI
I^^L^f 3 ?.!? « l _ t! > r «»*n tbe^tlre^Ust'oT
remedies. At all <J.-i:c-lits. a cent* a »lal
m/nT Bikini adrlce write Prof. Macyon
ISC6 Arc* st.. Pblla, It la absolutely tree.
rj 1 | 1 nr> t>>eat«l on Market
fALALc >treet - la clo « e
m. iiunvu prorltnlty to bust-
Ai'ii of amusement and
r»T\ i tin <3«"P°ts: HID rooms.
fill/ A Nil w! * h baths at -
\i ll i\l\ V tached. The largest
ar.d fine* hotels !o
HATE I C ihe vorld - Amerl-
Hu I CLj ; f n aad Euro P e^
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
1/ Of\f LM end Drake Amalgamators, In
|\|\VlVJil rperatlon daily: 1 30-Hp. caso-
line engine cheap. 9 Stevenson
St.. S. F.
D- EDGING PLMPS.
Oil, Gasoline. Steam Hoists. Centrifugal Pumps.
Enr.nest ßoilers. H»ndyMach.Wks..4O Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.
L. PETERSON. 544 A Mission. S. F.; communi-
cations from inventors strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Fupply fresh or salt wattr for slulc* boxes;
t-.irh or low lifts. Elmcnde. 23 Market st.
PLMPS AND GASOLINE ENGINES.
A!l kinds of I'umps and Gasoline EnglnM.
WOODIN & LITTLE. 212 Market St.. S. F.
bEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
CENTRIFUGAL AM; LGAMATORS.
BATES DM cold. In daily operation at zn
!>»> rt.. Pan Francisco.
GOLO SEPARATOR.
»!ARFHALL Oo'.d FavlnK Machine. 523 Fol-
~*9i rtreet. Oriental Gas Enrlne CcyipaAy.
MATTFSOVS SLUICE WASHER. -
Jjor.g torn, riffle* and carpet combined naves
placer srold. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market st.
GASOLINE ENGINES.
HF.RCtn>r:s gas engine works i« finm*
macr order* for Norse. 141-143 Flr»t «t.. S. F.
GROCERIES AND PR3VISIONS
Outfit* packed. IRVINE BROS.. STO Howard,
3CB Fourth. 13C2 Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F.
L'Q'JOPS-
WHICI^FV 1 '- CAHEN & SON. 418
> T lIIOIVL. I Sacramento st.
OILS. '
LCBRTCATTNO OV.. Crude Oil and Oasolln-.
ENSIGN * MrGUFFICK. 21 Sp*ar »t.. S. F.
PLATES TO? SAVING GOLD.
Crriaezleln * Bnrrldre. * Han!l» olac*. eff
K«arTiy. between Eutter and Hush ntreet».
T. W. BELL. Central PlatlnK Works. 552 Mis-
sion St.. P. F. Phone Jessie 3CI.
FOCKHRS.
nnrrt'C Hu!a-Hula Itocker: Centrlfural
IILvAC J Pan<l Pumps: Machinery. PARKK
& LACY tO.. 21 Fremont rU
PORTABLE HOUSES.
UrRSHAJJ-STA.VDKFOItU CO.. Washlncfn
an 4 Ist sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. F.
PILE-DRIVIVO ENGINES.
\Torthlncton Steam Pumps & Water Meters.
Mundy Holstlnif Engines. Tatum & Bowen.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
nAKKR * HAMILTON. Enpinea and Boilers:
loent price* en the coast. Pine & Darls iti.
TENTS AND t OVERS. .
NEVILLE & CO.. manufacturers, bigm. tent*,
cm-era, tl and n California at. •
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
Fon ran cure of gonorrhoea.
GlecU. Stricture* «nd an*loxoua coia-
plaißts or the Orris* ot Generation.
Price tl a botUe. For aale by £ruc*UU.
ALL ADVICE FREE, 8000 TESTIMONIALS
Sufferers are invited to call and sec me. IS NEVER SOLD Were received. in 1899 from grateful
Office hours 9 to 6i Sunday* 10 to L IN users of this great remedy, which are
r> • DRUGSTORES open for inspection at my office.
DR* SANDEN'S CURES ¦.;<?««« v^ef *-¦«•.
ELECTRIC BELT flS^ffiMfr Rheumatism, Sciatica, Lumbago,
,PATFNTED* *S&f9st Epfcpsy, Apoplexy, . Kidney, Mad-
(PATENTED) ffijfM <*« ««* Urinary Troubles, Weak-
J9OO BROAD CELL MODEL. ress a:id Loss of S:xoal Vi ?o r -
¦-¦ * ¦
SAN FRANCISCO OFFICE, WRITE (if yo« Cnact -aO) for my
DR. T. A. SANDEN, , J** BOOK '
Ccr. Market OTarrell and Grant Aye. ' J '. 0F "THREE CLASSES OF "MEN,"
XOSANGELES-U9W South Spring St IMITATIONS. which win be sent securely mailed, to any
t PORTLAND, Or.— Russel Building. address.
¦' •.-.•""" '¦.¦"¦¦'¦': -•-¦¦¦ •; . \ ;'¦-'.•- '-.:.' ,-•.;•¦. .-.-..- '-'-•- - :¦¦ '¦' -- ¦_¦ ._____ii_^__
I Bourbon Whiskey
75c Bottle.
To-day only, 240 bottles Genaine Cyrus
Noble Bourbon, ¦ 6 year 3 old, at
above price.- regularly $1 bott'e.
Sid aboard $21.75.
Solid Golden OaK, ISx4O French-Plate
Mirror, worth \ 27.50, special price for
two days only.
China Closet
$16.25.
Polished Golden Oak, worth $20, cut price
for Friday and Saturday.
Extra Good
Carpet Values.
Handsome Tapestry Carpets, yd 45c.
Best 10-Wire Tapestry Carpets, yd 75c.
Wilton Velvets, elegant patterns, yd 95c.
Beautiful Axminster Carpet 3, yd $1.00.
New Rugs, New Art Squares,
O^Qtw Linoleums.
Persian Fancy
Ribbons 24c.
1203 yards of No. 60 (4i inches widef
heavy quality all Si k Persian Fancy
R bbons, worth ' 50c per yard. Above
price for to-dayoniy.
Ladies'
Gowns
$1.00.
A manufac-
turer made 'a
mistake. You
shall profit by
itv To-day only.
Well made,
prettily tri m -
mcd, perfect
gowns that
should be $1.25
at least, on sale
at $1.00.
Boys'
$6.50
Suits
$4,95.
Choice of our en-
tire stock of 76.00
and $6.50 Knee
Pants . Suits . for
Boys 8 to 16 years.
New Spring Pat-
tern? Cheviots, Cas-
simeres and Tweeds.
Absolutely all wool.
Friday and
Sa tur day
On y.
Underwear,
36c Garment.
To-Day
Oniy.
For men, soft,
fleecy, in right
weight for now
—color, na-
tural gray;
shirts, ribbed
tail.self fronts,
pearl buttons;
drawers re-en-
forced crotch;
good value at
50c- •
THE emporium
PrP r Ooldenßule Bazaar. T 1
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST--AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
Millinery Opening Days f his week — Charming high-class milli-
nery, low priced, newest of sailors, flowers and shapes; The Emporinm
Royal Sailor is in; price ...$1 m 25
Framed Pictures
28c each.
Genuine Platinotypes, framed in IJ-
inch ebony molding, many sub-
jects, f izj 7ix9 inches, worth 50c
each. Above price for Friday only.
Scarfs and Shams
38c each.
Shams,. 32x32 inches; Scarfs. 18x54
inches; beautiful eclored floral ef-
fect?, such as roses, tulips, helio-
trope, etc.; vorth 75c each. Above
price for 50 dozjn on Bale to-day.
Safe Corn Meal,
Whole Wheat, etc.
Best Corn Mea 1 , Whole Wheat or
Graham Fionr- special for Friday
oniy, 10 lbs %7o
Dining Chair
95c.
Soliioak. brace arm, worth sl.23, Friday
and Saturday only.
Men's . :—.: — .
$12.50 g|
Suits rfjfe\ \
4>c% Of* ' /r/ rW \
*P mJM W I xr „ . 1
Choice of any y, , J
$12.50 Suit in our n /
stock (no reserva- j/
tions) — Tweeds, "p — 7~Tj
Cassimeres, \
Serges and Clays, A
Single or Double [ \
breasted Sack?, I I
Cutaways, Frocks Mi
and Prince Al- j
berts, equal in *£*- 'if
make to custom \j^
rcade, new spring ~~~~ ~~
pattercs. Friday and Satur-
day only*
Dining Table,
$7.25.
Polished Golden Oak, 6-foot extension,
worth 39. For two days only.
Books in Half
Calf 39c.
To-day only — a big special purchase of
Popular Classics bound in
genuine half calf, stamped in neat
design* in gold, best paper, well
printed and illustrated— ss such
titles as:
"Lucille." "Lot* Poem«."
"Cranford." "Black Beauty.**
•Tales From ShakesDeare."
"Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow."
"Three Men In a Boat."
"LalU Rookh," "Lady of the Lake,**
Etc.. Etc.
Hair Ornaments
Half Price.
Special lot from an Eastern importer,
23 dozen Rhinestone Side Combs,
Empire Back Combs and Tack Comb?,
newest styles. To-day'd price jnst
half regular, 250 to 91 each.
5ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
SCHOOL OF DESlGN— Subscriber, City.
The term of the California School of De
sign in the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art
is from the 3d: of August to the 14th of
May. Students from the age of 13 up are
admitted. .»" - .- .•. ; .
CATHOLIC KNIGHTS— M.R., City.
The office of the State secretary . of .Cali
fornia branch of the Catholic Knights of
America is on Shattuck avenue, Berke
ley, Cal. ; ______
THE POPE-A. S.,, Quarantine Station,
Angel Island; City. For a number of years
the Pope of Rome has confined his move
ments to ". the Vatican Palace and ¦ the
grounds secured to him by , the Govern
ment- 1 -.:' ."-'.:. -•",'• ¦¦¦>•-. -¦ •; --. ¦¦:. -, ;. ;..-.
GOLDEN OATE ; PARK — Subscriber,
City.- Golden Gate Park In San Francisco
was created by an act of the Legislature
approved April •4, 1870. : On the 3d day ¦ of
May following the first Board of Comrnis-
The Interstate Commerce Commission is coming
to California to listen to the complaints of shippers
against. the Southern Pacific Company. The distin
guished gentlemen must expect to stay among us for
ayear or so.
The Democrats' and Populists of Nebraska have
decided that Bryan shall be their nominee for Presi
dent. v This decision Is one of those that are most
forcibly described in pugilistic affairs as "No contest."
In Sari Francisco there is one advantage to dis
tricts in being lawless. Chinatown is amply provided
with lights at night," while the ; rest \ of the city is' in
profound darkness. . .'..¦' ,-.\s ¦',.'¦- .
A Spanish gun years old is to be mounted as a"
trophy in City Hall Park. Visitors will think! that it
was ¦ put in ; place when ¦ the antique pile it * graces ;
erected., '.'"~--y:¦°"-"-\\. '"~- -y: ¦°"-"-\\ ."'-*,
Personally Conducted Excursions
In improved wide-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Par.ta Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these ezcttr l
slons to look after the welfar* of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston, Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 828 Market street-
The officials of the Morgue ought to send a letter
of thanks to the Supervisors for the laudable effort
which the Board is making to lessen the Coroner's
duties. A resolution has been adopted ordering-
Southern Pacific tracks out of the Mission.
BEIGE CLOTH COSTUME.
The costume represented is of beige
cloth, tailor made, with a bolero havnijc
indented edges trimmed with black and
white striped silk. The lapels and tunic
are ornamented in the same manner. Ilia
waistcoat is of . beige muslin, crossed by
a trellis of black velvet. ' •
FASHION HINT PROM PARIS.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Fred Dodd, a hotel man of Fresno, Is a
guest at the Lick.
S. A. Lowd, an insurance man* of Han
ford, is at the Grand.
W. H. Clary, a? wealthy mine owner of
Stockton, is at the Lick.
C. Rogers, a traveler from Yokohama,
is a guest at the Grand.
T. Sokata, a merchant of Japan, arrived
at the Occidental yesterday.
S Mr. and Mrs. B. Marshall are at the Oc
cidental from Washington. D. C.
Rsv. J. L. Humphrey and wife are reg
istered at the Occidental from Little
"Falls, N. Y.
J. M. C. Jasper, banker and capitalist,
is registered at the Grand from his home
in Wheatland.
Dr. H. H. Brown, a prominent- medical
man of Chicago, is at the Palace. with his
wife and family.
: C. C. Hay, a New York Journalist rep
resenting the American Banker, Is among
the arrivals of yesterday at the Lick.
Count A. R. Martiny and A. Gorni,
Italian gentlemen on a tour around the
world, arrived at the Palace^ yesterday.
A. B. Cutts, general passenger and
ticket agent of the Minneapolis and St.
Louis road, is in the city on a business
trip. *
W. H, Granberry, president of the New
York Stock Exchange, is at the Palace,
where he arrived yesterday, accompanied
by his wife and family. Mr. Granberry is
here on a pleasure trip and will probably
remain in the city some time before re
turning home.
Lieutenant W. de Bodlsco, Surgeon T>.
Vasnetzow and Lieutenant 8., Ellis of the
Imperial Russian navy are at the Palace,
where they arrived yesterday on the Jap
anese steamer from the Orient. They
have completed their term of service with
the Asiatic squadron and are now on their
way home to St. Petersburg for orders.
AMUSEMENTS.
C&llfornla — "Pufld'nhead Wilson."
California— PaderewEki. Monday. March 2t
Columbia — "Because She Loved Him So."
Tlvoll— "The Idol's Eye."
Alhambra— "Three Musketeers."
Alcazar— "Diplomacy."
Ori>heum— Vaudeville.
Orand Opera-house — "The Grand Duchess."
Chutes. Zoo arid Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
••veninc.
Fischer's New Concert House— "II Trm-atore."
%:.•..'•:;...•>. corner of Mason and Eddy streets, SpeclaJtiee.
(Sherman -Clay Hall— Alfred A. Farland, Banjolst.
AVestern Turf Association — Races to-day.
LICENSED GUIDES.
CHIEF SULLIVAN has .recommended to the
Police Commissioners that all licenses ta
¦Chinatown guides be revoked, and is reported
to have declared an inability to perceive the need of
licensed guides for that or any other portion of the
city.
Here is a clear case of zeal outrunning not discre
tion only, but common sense itself. Licensed guides
are a necessity of the age. In our time tourists are
numbered by the thousands. Every city of consider
able size, or of any interest either by reason of its
history or its picturesque location, attracts them. In
the great majority of instances tourists desire some
one acquainted with the locality to show them about
the place in order that they may be sure of seeing
all that is noteworthy and of understanding what
they do see. To meet that demand the professional
guide has come into existence. He is a necessary
part of the population of every city that attract* tour
ists, and is to be found in them all.
So long as tourists continue to travel and are eager
sightseers, so long will there be a demand for
guides, and so long as the profession is lucrative
there will- be persons to follow it. By requiring
guides to take out a license the municipal authorities
assure strangers from falling into the hands of rascals
or the touts •of gambling-rooms, and thus render
sightseeing much safer than it would be otherwise.
To revoke all such licenses would give the touts an
advantage they do not now possess, and as a result
many a stranger would be duped and fobbed by
them.
Sightseeing is a legitimate desire on the part of
every one who visits a strange place. Nearly every
one who comes to, San Francisco on business or on
pleasure wishes to see those localities of the city
which are noted as peculiar to it, or are much talked
of. Chinatown is one of the show-places of San
Francisco, just as the catacombs are of Rome or the
sewers of Paris. People like to see them, notwith
standing their gloom and their discomforts. It is
therefore imperative there should be Chinatown
guides, and to refuse to license honest and intelligent
men to perform the work would simply open a way
for rascality to practice frauds upon the tourists who
visit us.
FRIDAY. . MARCH 23, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PCBL.ICATIOX OFFICE. .Mnrkrt and Tblrd. S. P.
Telephone Main ISOS.
UUIIOUML KOOMS. 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week,
Slnsrlr Coplen. 5 Cents.
Terma b>~ Mall. Including Postasret
PAILT CALL, (including Sunday), one year $BroO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 6 months 8.00 :
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 8 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5o
6UNDAT CALL On* Year 1.60
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All poatmaatem are anthoriied to receive
aobacrlptlonn.
Sinple copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAAD OFFICE 1118 Broadwar
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Squara
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS BTANT>3:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WaJdorf-Artorla Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Bquara;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent
CHA\OH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 6:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 639
McAllister, open until 9:AQ o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
6:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1096
Valencia, open until S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until
6 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until 9 clock. -J
ANGLO-AFRICAN POLICY.
IT. would be interesting to make such an analysis
as will reveal the effect, if any, that modern,.
Christian civilization has had upon statecraft and
the morality of nations. Apparently it is inappreci
able. The course of the United States for the last
two years is full of incidents which show an abso
lute decadence in conscience since Greece and Rome,
and Great Britain seems about to furnish further illus
trations in her African policy. That she intends to
destroy the republics . and forcibly incorporate their
people in her empire there is no longer any doubt.
Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the
Colonies, announces that policy in the debate which
we. have published. In answering Sir W. Harcourt
he said: "We hoped that whe/i President Kruger
saw how little it was we asked, and how determined
we were to have it, he would give way."
Yet in 1896 Mr. Chamberlain, then, as now, Colo
nial Secretary, said: "To go to war with President
Kruger to enforce upon him reforms in the internal
concerns of the Transvaal, in which successive Sec
retaries of State have repudiated all rights of inter
ference, that would have been a course of action as
immoral as it. would have been unwise." If he told
the truth three years ago, no matter "how little" in
terference he asked last year in the Transvaal, he had
no right to ask any at all nor to impress Kruger with
his determination to get it, thereby trying to intimi
date him into concessions that were declared beyond
the right of England to ask. Mr. Chamberlain makes
it plain that when he asked in 1899 what in 1896 he
said England had no right to ask, it was for the pur
pose of forcing war upon the Boers.
In 1896 he had said to go to war over the very issue
he made in 1899 would be "immoral and unwise." In
the Harcourt debate he said the war over Kruger's re
fusal to permit internal interference in the Transvaal
is, on England's part, "a just, righteous and neces
sary war." If just such a war, for precisely the same
cause, was "immoral" in 1896, what has made it "just
and righteous" in the short space of three years, dur
ing which none of the issues involved has shifted a
single span from the position they occupied three
years before?
What has effected the moral and ethical transforma
tion is perhaps unconsciously revealed by Mr. Cham
berlain in the same speech, when he said: "Never
again, with our consent, if we have the power, shall
the Boer be able to erect in South Africa a citadel
whence proceed disaffection and race animosity to
endanger the paramountcy of Great Britain. Never
again shall he be able to treat an Englishman as if he
belonged to an inferior race."
Translated by the key of the history of the cas»,
that means that Great Britain intended from the be
ginning to destroy the republics, in order to be su
preme in South Africa, and that makes a war just and
righteous now that was "immoral and unwise" three
years ago.
The appeal to English bumptiousness is enough to
make the Muse of History laugh as it goes into her
record. The Boers refused to let the English treat
them as an inferior race ( and that is always resented
as interference with the natural rights of an English
man. Denial of his superiority by anybody is taken
to be affirmation of his inferiority! and if he is. a
tourist he writes to the Times about it. If he is a
rabid speculator, like Rhodes, he organizes a Jame
son raid. If he is Secretary of State for the Colonies
he goes to war, if the enemy is weak enough to jus
tify it.
The Jameson raid, the fruit of a conspiracy with
Cecil Rhodes, from which Mr. Chamberlain has
never cleared his skirts, was the beginning of that
''race hatred" of which he complains now. It taught
the Boers that their English neighbors proposed to
respect none of their rights, and the preparations then
begun for defense are amply justified, though they
may prove inadequate, because a state with only about
160,000 people cannot long resist an empire with
400,000,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLJ FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1900.
journalism. The clamor about the fortifications at
Esquimalt and the shrieks against the administration
for submission to Great Britain are designed to raise
a new issue in the country and thus enable Tammany
to eliminate the free silver question from the cam
paign and with it get rid of .Bryan.- It is a pretty
trick in its way andconsists in substituting a new
donkey" to draw the' Democratic eye and ear away
from the one that was upset with the cart in 1896. It
is hardly likely that anybody can beat Bryan in his
party this year, but if the' thing can be done at all
Sulzer is clearly the man to do it.
There will never be peace among the nations until
there is some way devised for making the jingoes get
to the firing line and do the fighting.
Now that the Czar is mobilizing his fleet and his
army. The Hague conference ha'sn't a friend left in
Europe.
COSTLY POSTSCRIPT.
; A war correspondent for an Eastern
paper sent In his usual dispatch for the
day, from the little town out on the firing,
line,' relates ' the Chicago Tribune. < Under
the rules the dispatch had to be addressed
and sent "direct : to '¦ the press censor, Cap
tain Green, who, after he had passed upon
it and struck out 1 matter that he regarded
as objectionable,- sent It over to the cable
station. V There the correspondent's co
laborer was ; to review It and strike out
anything from the message that he had
already i sent.' ; But ; he had himself hur
ried out to another, part of the firing line
in • the afternoon • and left word at the
cable office that the messages which came
in from the first correspondent should be
¦sent' just as they., were to the. paper in
New York..' '-¦¦' : '''':-' : ¦.¦•.:'-.¦ ¦'•' : ', ¦-?¦-; ¦ "'¦;',.
<.The first correspondent, thinking his co
laborer. was to ? edit - his ,. message in <: the
cable office, -* had, ' after 6 writing ¦ his mes
sage; put: on the following postscript: v«:j
1. "For heaven's sake send me a new pair
of : khaki s trousers.' ' • Some ; soldier stole
mine yesterday, and jl ' am * wearing some
pants 111 1 took away Jrom a Filipino. Send
me also a pair -of socks, * two cans of
sardines and a bottle of whisky. We can
charge it all up as streetcar fare or fod
der for horses, or something , like that."
, f. The censor, of course, let - the postscript
go as It was written,*) for, he supposed: the
jnan at the cable station would blue pen-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCOTT'S
Emulsion
Cures Coughs and Colds
cures them quicker and
better than any cough mix-
ture * ever made. It does
more. It enriches the
blood, strengthens mind and
body, gives vigor and vital-
ity. Cough mixtures won't
do this, nor will they cure
deep-seated, stubborn coughs.
Scotfs Emulsion
Will -Tfv it.l At *ll dra»rbt«j
Will. lljf U I (ac. and J,B*
B In next Sunday's Call will #
8 appear a full page of repro- ,
8 ductions from the best work &
& of San Francisco artists— £1
$ scenes that they consider the 0
q most beautiful bits of local &
g color. This page will prove a 0
£ gem for all who appreciate £
g the artistic efforts of Calif or-
nia's talented painters. Q
«¦» » «'a »"» aaa»»ao»BB
He Couldn't Hold It All.
"Madam," said the tramp, asa middle
aged lady-j came to the door in response
to his knock, "would you give a poor old
man a bite to eat?" ..¦../,.". .
"Why," replied the lady, "you are cer
tainly able to earn • a living. You don't
look very old." •
"Looks are often deceitful, lady," an
swered the wanderer. "I am old enough
to be your grandfather." '«¦ :, :
¦A moment;later he was seated. In : th«
kitchen and nothing she had In the pantry
was too good for him.— Chicago Record.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions or "
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the pirns, Rllays pain, cures Wind CoHc. regu-
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every '
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow*B Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
In the recent discussion as to the merits
respectively and relatively, of white and
brown bread, there appears to be a
weighty learning, on the part of profes-
sionals, in favor of the former. They are
firm in their belief, after having made
elaborate investigations, that white bread
is more nutritious than the brown variety
—New York Tribune.
"CY" CONCILIATES.
In the cloakrooms they tell a funny
story at the expense of Cy Sulloway, the
tall Congressman from New Hampshire.
Cy is a picturesque and graphic talker,'
wherein lies some of the point of the
story.
In the campaign of 1836 Sulloway went
to Portsmouth, N. H., to make a speech.
The Republicans there, knowing his flery
nature, waited upon him with a few words
of warning and explanation. "Cy," said
they, - "the Democrats around here will
vote for McKlnley this year if you don't
scare them oft. Whatever you say In your
speech; don't get the Democrats mad.
Conciliate them, Cy; conciliate them."
Sulloway shook his shaggy locks by way
of understanding and approval. "All
right!" he said. v
The speech began. It ran along all
right enough until Sulloway approached
the sins and shortcomings of the Demo
cratic party. Then h« grew emphatic and
eloquent; also-severe. '.'lf before me," he
said, "was a yawning chasm, and at the
bottom of the chasm were the flres of hell,
and if above the chasm was suspended a
basket containing the entire Democratic
party,- do you know what I would do?"
• The crowd listened intently. The Dem
ocrats present were especially anxious to
hear the answer. - p*
"I would cut the rope, shouted Sullo
way In his loudest voice. ;
' - The Republican commltteemen who had
appealed for conciliation went out on the
sidewalk and said "Damn."— Washington
Post.--'- : .- : . .' ' .• ' ' \ '. "•:. . £¦«=:¦
CaL glace fruit 60c per lt> atTownsead's.*
Special information . supplied daily to
business houses and public men try ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, March 22.— Ed C. Bar
ham,' son of Representative Barham, is
in Washington/accompanied by his wife,
and will remain here several weeks.;
MR. SULZER'S CAVORTING.
WHEN at a Tammany banquet last fall Mr. Sul
zer was put forward as New York's candidate
for Democratic leadership in the House of
Representatives, there was an expectation throughout
the country that the new man might prove himself to
be possessed of at least a fair degree of political as
tuteness, even if he lacked statesmanship, and that
he would be able to show an appearance of dignity
even when he failed to manifest the wisdom that
should go with it. All such expectations have been
disappointed. Sulzer failed to receive the support of
any considerable number of Democratic Congressmen
in his candidacy for the leaderships but he has man
aged to make himself conspicuous, notwithstanding,
and as a result he is now known to th^ country as
about the nearest approach to the colt of a wild ass
that ever kicked and brayed in the House of Repre
sentatives.
It appears to be the ambition of Sulzer to pose as
the only American patriot in Congress, and at the
same time to be the mouthpiece of the yellow journals
of New York. No matter how silly be the fake in the
way of politics the yellows may devise out of their
lunatic imaginations, Mr. Sulzer is ready to bring it
before the House and make upon it a speech full of
froth and fury, but signifying nothing.
His latest exhibition has been that of demanding
that the War Department furnish the House with all
the information it has concerning the British forti
fications on this continent and particularly those
along our northern border. It will be remembered
that the yellow journals discovered a few days ago
that the British have a fort at Esquimalt, and that the
officers in charge will not admit yellow artists to take
kodak views of the guns,- magazines and other fea '
tures of the forts. Since the reporters could not ob
tain the information from the British, Mr. Sulzer
undertook to obtain it for them from the War Depart
ment at Washington. Of course the War Department
declined to make its military information public.: To'
the demand of Sulzer the reply- came back: "The in
formation the department possesses on this and like
occasions has always been held confidential, and for
good and sufficient reasons has not been made pub
lic." The reply gave Sulzer the opportunity he de
sired for a wild ass exhibit on the floor of the House,
and strange and wonderful was the use he made of it.
Had a wanderer from a far land, ignorant of our poli
tics—some wild man of Borneo, for example— heard
Sulzer's speech he would, have concluded the Ameri
can Government had sold itself to Great Britain and
that the only virtue left in the United States is. that
which lies in the tongue of Sulzer himself. .
Of course the object of all this is something, more
than that of revealing to the public what a donkey
a Congressman - can make of himself when ; he 'tries/
Sulzer is doing Tammany politics as well as yellow
PORTO RICAN POVERTY.
THE Humboldt Standard permits itself to be
excited because it thinks The Call sneers at
Porto Rican poverty, caused, according to the
Standard, by a hurricane.
If our critic will analyze his feelings he will dis
cover that he is in a bad humor on his own account
and not on account of the Porto Ricans. From the
world's earliest knowledge of them, all tropical peo
ple have been poor. Wealth and progress depend on
the exertion of man and not the bounty of nature.
Nature is bountiful in the tropics because the climate
disfavors human exertion. ;, b; /
All this we pointed out to the imperialists long ago,
and they were not, impressed by it. Now as our sev
eral tropical paradises, one after another, hold up
their hands for alms, and we call attention to it, the
imperialists whine that we sneer at poverty! We arc
determined, as far as we can influence the decision,
that poverty in the United States shall not be pro
duced by taking in eighteen millions of tropical peo
ple and giving them free trade, to compete with our
labor. Poverty in the tropics is chronic. It grows
out of climatic conditions. Yet it is not the sort of
poverty that free trade brings to the workingmen of
the United States. Tropical people are poor, but the
poison climate in which they gender and die. produces
spontaneously most of what is needed to supply their
physical wants. They have not the need for exertion
that northern people have.
But poverty among us it a very different thing.
Not being able to buy food, poverty means starva
tion. . Not being able to buy fuel, poverty freezes to
death. ,The horrors of poverty are -found only
among the temperate zone races, for its sorrows and
burdens are mtlltiplied by that very vigor of climate
which puts into man the energy-thai must be exerted
to support* life.
The tropical wage scale is about 25 cents a day.
Labor at that wage competes with ours. "Does the
Standard wish free trade with that motley horde of
eighteen millions?
We don't, and propose to aid in preventing 1 it, no
matter, by whom proposed. ,
As for the Porto Ricans, they, were. not in revolt'
against Spain, but were tumultuous in their desire to
break into this country. , Now, according. to the Stan
dard, they appear to think that they have been ad
mitted to an eleemosynary institution, entitled to their
bed.board and tobacco. We are perfectly willing to
let them return to Spain if they wishi or set up for
themselves* if they can, but we don't want them in
the 'United States in any capacity whatever.
, Local Chinese intend to hold a parade in June in
honor of one of their national holidays. The march
of the hatchetmen ought to form an interesting fea
ture of the spectacle.
SOME "BUBONIC" EFFECTS
OTWITHSTAXDIXG the prompt exposure
I of the insufficiency of the evidence upon which
the Board of Health started its "bubonic
plague" quarantine in Chinatown, the action of the
board, supported as it was by its sensational yellow
organ, has injured the repute of the city and exerted
a malign influence whose effects are beginning to
be noted all along the Pacific Coast and in the East.
Dispatches from Victoria announce that the Cana
dian Government has ordered the authorities at that
I>ort to quarantine all steamers from San Francisco
until further notice, and the further information
comes that the steamer Curacao has been held in
quarantine at Mazatlan, Mexico. In both cases the
quarantine is based upon the report that San Fran
cisco is infected with, bubonic plague. Thus the folly,
or worse, of the Board of Health has already proven
?. blight upon our shipping interests and innocent
persons suffer loss and inconvenience because of it
Evils of this kind are much more easily started
than remedied. 11l reports travel fast and grow as
rapidly as they travel. A story that originated with
one Chinaman supposed to have been inflicted with
the plague may be spread about the world in the form
of a rumor that the plague is raging here and that
the port is badly infected.
We have a startling illustration of the rapidity with
which exaggerations in cases of this kind get about
among even well informed people in a telegram
which we print this morning from a gentleman in
Rochester, N. V., warning his son to leave San
Francisco at once, as he has information that the bu T
bonic plague rages here and the city is to be quaran
tined by the rest of the country. A telegram of that
kind from such a source shows the alarm that has
been excited in the East by the sensational and reck
less action taken by the Board of Health here. San
Francisco is to be shunned as if it were a pestilential
place, instead of being, as it is, one of the healthiest
localities in the world.
Another illustration of the readiness with which
6uch reports are exaggerated is at hand in a circular
from Grants Pass, Or., protesting against reports that
smallpox is raging in that locality., The circular
says: "We hear that in some places we are credited
with having a number of cases reaching into the hun
dreds, and that we are dying at a rapid rate; One of
our neighboring towns gives the information that our
militia has been called out to preserve the quarantine.
Another has officiously quarantined against us. The
true state of affairs is this: At the present time there
are two very mild cases nearly recovered. * *'",*
The cases are in the outskirts of the town and the
houses are isolated. * * * There is no excitement
or agitation here, nor any reason for any. The ut
ter ridiculousness of the circulated reports gives rea
son for the belief that they are circulated by rival
towns for the purpose of injuring our trade, and
while we hesitate to ascribe a motive so contemptible,
we can imagine no other cause for the persistent cir
culation of utter and complete falsehood."
It will not be necessary to attribute jealousy to the
circulators of the injurious reports concerning San
Francisco in order to explain their action. When our
own Board of Health makes a tremendous display of
quarantining a large section of the city, and its or
gan issues something like a "bubonic edition" to jus
tify the action, it is inevitable that outsiders should
deem our city infected like some port of the Orient
and proceed to establish a rigid quarantine against it.
The evil has been done, and we must take the con
sequences, but the public should bear in mind the
authors of the scare and let them feel the force of
popular indignation.
AUCTION SAXES.
By SulMvan & Doyle— This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
2^' Valencia street.
By \V. G. Layng— Monday. March 26, at 10:30 o'clock.
Horses, at 721 Howard street.
liy Eastern. Kldridee _ Co.— Tuesday. March 27, at if
o'clock, Keal Estate, at C3S Market street.
ell it. But the colaborer was not there
and the night operator had no orders to
do anything but send messages as they
came in. Besides, he did not know hut
what it might be a code. So he sent it
to the New York office.
There were sixty-three words In the
postscript, at $2 50 a word gold, amounting
In all to $157 50.
What did the telegraph editor in New
York think when he received that appeal
for a pair of khaki trousers-and a bottle
of whisky? Nobody knows. For the sad
dest part of this story Is that it Is true.
The Bubonic Brigade Picked the Lock With a Jimmy.
sioners, S. F. Butterworth, D. .TV. Con
nelly and C. F. McDermott, waa organ
ized, and in 1371 the park, though not
formally dedicated, was used by the pub
lic as such.
BIRTH OF PUGILISTS— TV. H. P., City.
J. J. Jeffries waa born in Ohio, 1873;
George Lavigne in Bay City, Mich., 1ST1:
Solly Smith. Los Angeles, 1371; Tom
Treacy in Australia, and Dal Hawkins in
San Francisco, 187 L Do not find any rec
ord of Young Peter Jackson's birth.
FILIPINO INSURRECTION— A. H.,
City. The Government called for troops
to put down the Filipino insurrection on
the 6th of July, 1899. The first troops
that left for the Philippines after that
call was the Twenty-sixth Infantry, which
left in September following.
THE LITTLE CHURCH— G. H. 8.. City.
The Church of the Transfiguration, 10.
cated on East Twenty-ninth street. New
York, is better known as "The little
church around the corner",- from 'the fact,
that Its rector many years ago read the
.funeral service of the church over the,
body of an » actor after a neighboring
clergyman had refused, telling the frtend*
of the deceased to go to" "the little church
around the corner." • ¦¦ ¦¦
I OCEAN DEPTHS— J.-H. A., San Diego.
; Cal. A solid piece of metal will reach the
bottom of the ocean irrespective. of depth.
This has been proved by sounding to the
depth of more than five miles. A flat
piece of Iron will go to the bottom, but
if the same plate is made concave, in the
shape of a cup, or like a boat. It will float.
The heaviest bodies may be made to float
by shaping them so as to make them dis
place more than their own weight of wa
ter. An Iron ship wrecked at sea, as soon
as it fills goes to the bottom.
AN ALSATIAN— AIsaden. City. If an
Alsatian, now a citizen of the United
States, does not owe military service to
either France or Germany he Is free to
visit those countries without fear of mo
lestation. If he intends to visit various'
parts of Europe he should provide himself
with a passport to be obtained from the
Secretary of State at Washington, D. C.
By writing to that official he will be fur
nished the blank form he will have to
fill out. before he can obtain the pass
port, and he will also be furnished a cir
cular of manner of procedure. The fee
is JL
In their great "bull conic" plague campaign the'
members of the Board of Health ought to adopt a
rallying cry by which they could locate their scout
ing parties in the labyrinths of Chinatown." Perhaps
this 'would do:
Health Board, Health Board, 1
Where are we at?
Guinea pig, guinea pig,
Rat, rat. rat!
6Th* Original Little Beneftcencia Publics
Co. of San Francisco. Drawing
March 22, 1900-
No. ¦¦ 37118 wins $3750. ¦ sold . in San Francisco,
Cal.: No. 67270 wins J1250. sold in San Fran-
cisco, Cal.; No. • 34,620 : wins $625, ¦ sold In ¦ San
Francisco ; . Nos. 11477, 15270. ¦ J2872. 39158 and
78207 each win $62 SO, sold in Portland. Or., and
San Francisco. Cal. • .'¦- ¦ • ;
scriDeu are necessary iot moso wno in
tend doing much photographic work, or
for those whose time Is limited; yet the
sink is not absolutely essential, and one
may get along with much less elaborate
preparation by using one pall to contain
fresh water and another for waste water,
and have an extra tray or two for wash-
Ing. . -
As a matter of fact, a room to be used
exclusively as a dark, room is not necea
: sary- This. Is especially so If we do our
dark-room work at night. The bathroom
or the kitchen make good places on ac
count of the supply of running water,
though any convenient room may be used.
It is advisable in our dark room to have
plenty of shelf accommodation for stor
ing, negatives, chemicals, trays and other"
accessories. Behind the shelves fasten
sheets of white paper. This will enable
you to see the articles much better in the
dim light of the dark room.
Now as to the utensils required. There
Isr first the light. If there Is a window
with a shelf outside to hold a lamp, as
previously ' suggested, you will merely
need the necessary panes of glass of the
correct tint. It has been found most ad
visable to place a sheet -of ground glass
next to the light to diffuse It. Next to
this a sheet of deep orange glass. This
light Illuminates the dark room fairly
well, and by keeping the developing tray
shielded from Its direct rays, except when
examining the plate. It will be found sat-
NEGATIVE RACK. .
of glass funnels and a pair of balances to
weigh grains. To weigh ounces or more
the ordinary house scales will answer.
A camel's hair brush for dusting plates
will be needed. It should have a screw
eye placed in the end of -the handle and
be hung on a nail at one side of the devel
oping table. A plate lifter will be found
convenient and several well washed bot
tles of various sizes are Indispensable.
A -comfortable stool or chair placed be
fore your developing table and -a box or
canister to receive papers, strings, burned
matches and other refuse complete the
dark-room essentials, though some other
articles, *uch as a negative rack, etc.,
may add to Its convenience.
The plan of a dark room shown here
with will make a very comfortable and
convenient working room. It Is for use
where water connection Is not practical
or the expense of the connection not de
sired, as probably will be the case with a
large majority of our readers. It may be
In a dry corner of the cellar or In the at
tic. The best of cellars la liable to damp
ness, so that another location would be
best if plates, etc.. are to be kept tn it.
It should be 8 by 6 feet or 10 by 8 feet by
8 or 10 feet in height. If water connec
tion can be made It will add greatly to the
comfort and convenience of working. Our
readers will readily se« how a direct
water supply and drainage mar be sub
stituted for the water barrel and pall.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Spring Term, 1900.
¦ Mondays — American Political Par
ties.
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons in
French Conversation and Recent Sci
entific Discoveries. -
Wednesdays and Thursdays —
Golden Ages of. Literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for Girls.
These courses will conthuie • until
held at their close as a basis for ths
granting of certificates.
fflhamtfm-
PHOHC SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK. MAT. SAT.
WITHOUT A PEER— WITHOUT A RIVAL.—
Tbe tnoet perfect performance seen In this city
In years. Presented by
JY\T9. HrtßFfcY GLAZIER
And His Excellent Company In a Beautiful
Production,
THREE MUSKETEERS.
DIRT.CT FROM NEW YORK CITY.
SEATS NOW READT.
Last Performance Saturday Night.
PRICES— Evening, lie. 2Sc. Be, COc and TSc
Matinee. 15c. Xc, ttc and Kte.
LANTERN.
the bottom of this have a small pipe lead
ing to a pall or other receptacle for waste
water. Next construct a small platform
or Ehclf to hold a water tank. The bottom
of this should be a foot or more above
the top of the table. If you do not mind
the filling, the tank should be a small
barrel with a wooden tap placed In the>
bottom. One of the barrels known as
"half barrels," in which salted meats and
fish come, can be bought at a grocer's,
and after being cleansed will be very suit
able. A large pail with a fctop cock placed
In the bottom may also serve the pur
pose. Over the stop cock or tap draw tho
end of a piece of rubber tubing sufficiently
long to reach to any point of the sink.
Make a small platform of slats, slightly
separated, or of a piece of board with
holes bored In It, to rest over the sink and
to hold the tray when In use. Have it
about a third of the length of the sink,
and loose, so that It may be slid to either
end as desired.
A sink and a water supply such as de-
ALL UNANIMOUS. REMARKABLE
CRITICISMS.
Tbe entire press loud In their prats* of
PUDD'N
HEAD
WILSON.
The best production of Frank Mayo's drama-
tization of Mark Twain's best of all American
plays ever given in San Francisco.
Mrs. Edwin Mayo's Superb Company and the
Excellent Actor, Mr. BURR McINTOSH.
MATINEES ON SATURDAY ONLY.
Monday evening. March 26 — The World's
Greatest Pianist, PADEREWSKI.
Attraction to follow— "ON THE SUWANEE
RIVER."
ular fixing box Is much preferred to a
tray. If you have running water you wlir
need a negative washing box; If not, you
must have several extra trays or a wash-
Ing box without water connections for
washing the plates.
You will need three glass graduates, one
for eight and one for two ounces, and a
minim glass to measure drops; a couple
New Business Block.
The trustees of the estate and guardians
of the minor children of Charles F.
Crocker, 'deceased, will soon erect a fine
business block on the land owned by the
estate fronting upon Fremont. Mission
and First streets. No plans have been
adopted, the reason being that the guar
dians are first seeking tenants so that
the income may be insured In advance.
The tract of land is quite large for a
building site, being 137:6 on Mission street,
187:6 on First street and BO feet on Fre
mont street. The frontage of fifty feet
extends through from Fremont street to
First street. One of the parties having
the matter In charge said yesterday that
the building will be arranged for Btorea.
The size of the structure and the other
details have not yet been decided upon.
The land is now occupied by a number of
Email, cheap structures. It abuts upon
the premises occupied by Miller, Sloss &
Scott on Fremont street.
JAPANESE ARE
POURING INTO
SAN FRANCISCO
>
Hongkong Maru Brings 200,
and Sound Boats as
Many More.
The Ex-Transport diaries Nelson
Is Rammed by a Swordfish.
Berths for Shipping Few
and Far Between.
The Toyo Klsen Kasha's steamer Hong
kong Maru arrived from the Orient late
Wednesday night and was sent into quar
antine yesterday morning. -As soon as Dr.
Kinyoun learned that the plague was dy
ing out in Honolulu he allowed the cabin
passengers to land. The vessel was held
for fumigation, however, and will prob
ably dock to-day. The cabin passengers
on the Hongkong Maru were:
C. H. Bain. V. de Bodlsco, W. J. Carlisle,
Benjamin Ellis, Alfred Goni, Count R.- Marbln,
T. H. Holmes, J. R. Herod. J. C. Hlnkley. J.
S. Humphrey and wife, George Kaehler. R.
Kor.do, D. Kowzlnbzeff. H. E. Lewis, R. C.
McKerron. Mrs. Watson, C. H. Nichols, wife
and son, K. Nabeshinna and wire. M. Ofagawa,
C. Perrlera, Edward Itunge, Charles Rogers,
S. S. Kerujso and wife, B. Sangino, A.
Echarffe, Wada Masanga. J. B. Tuttle and
wife. W. A. Armstrong-. Mrs. G. W. Ketchum,
J. C. Fitzslmmons, S. Hichborn. T. Matsuega,
Mrs. G. S. Morgan, Mrs. J. W. Matteson. Miss
C. E. .Rowen, Mrs. J. W. Bergstrom, Mlas T.
L. Curtis, P. B. Smith and wife. T. O. Van
Ness, M. M. Wells. W. S. Sachs and wife,
Joseph Pash, wife and son, Mrs. A. H. Web
ster, D. J. Styne, R. O. Kaivllnes, Miss Rus
sell, J. J. Walsh.
In the steerage the Japanese mall boat
has three Europeans, 246 Japanese ana 111
Chinese passengsrs. The Influx of Japa
nese into California has been something
wonderful of late. Every steamer from
the Orient brings them into the United
States In hundreds, and In consequence
every vessel from the Sound has her
steerage crowded with them. The Walla
Walla brought in over a hundred, whilo
the City of Puebla, due here Sunday, has
nearly two hundred aboard.
The demand for Japanese labor has in
creased with leaps and bounds within tho
last few months. The highbinder •wars
among the Chinese have paralyzed that
ela*s of labor, and the "little brown men"
from Japan are wanted in their place. On
Its face, however, it looks very much like
contract labor coming into California
The yacht Rover was in Honolulu when
the Hongkong Maru sailed. Captain Fith
lan and his wife sailed from Santa Bar
bara for a cruise among the Southern SJeaa
In the yacht over a year ago, and since
then they have been everywhere, includ
ing Australia, New Zealand, Fiji an-1
Samoa. The Rover is now homeward
•AN ABSOLtTTELY NEW BILL.
Walter Jones and Norraa Whalley
In a Comedy Scream.
MIESEB McCOY and SAM MARION: W. C.
FIFLDS: WESTON and YOST: NIELSEN
SISTEKS: IMPERIAL MOORISH ACRO-
BATS: HOWARD THCRSTON; FLATOW
and DUNN.
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Drew,
In "When Two Hearts Are Won."
Reserved Seats. 2Sc; balcony, ltte: Opera
Chain and Box Seats. SOc.
Vrf.r.ws Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
Men's calf shoes, worth *3 50, for only
H 50 a pair, at the sale of mho—, 71T Map.
ket street. •
FISCHER'S
NEW CONCERT- HOUSE,
ltt-134 O'FARRELL STREET.
E. A. FISCHER Proprietor
GEORGE MOOSER Mai-ager
The Handsomest Music Hall In America.
HUNDREDS TURNED AWAY NIOHILT.
A -Quartet of Celebrities in th* Fourth Act
from "II Trovator*": Hlnrlcba' challenge' tr-
cbeatra.- ADMISSION 10c Strictly first-class.
Cafe unsurpassed.
Mrs. Brauhard Held.
Mrs. Martha E. Brauhard of Sacramento
was yesterday held to answer before : the
Superior Court "• by Judge Conlan on •' tha
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses from J. M. Leeper, She grave JlOOO
cash ball • for her release. Later = her. at
torney applied for a writ of habeas corpus
before Judge Cook on the usual statutory
grounds. The writ was made ; returnable)
this morning;. 'iiM^^^^^^SBBSSBBKBi
Knocked Down by a Buggy.
Geors© W. Vincent, an. old man living
at 1519 Clay street, was crossing Third
and Market streets yesterday, afternoon
when he was struck by a 'buggy and
knocked down. . He was taken to the Re
ceiving. Hospital, where Dr. : Dorr found
that he had sustained a lacerated wound
of the scalp over the left ear. . L» E. Rey
nolds, the driver of the buggy, was ¦ «r-"
rested on a charge of battery.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FIFTH MEETING. Mch. 12 to J«, Incluslre.
Six Blrh-claes running races every week day,
rain or ebiae. beglnnlnjr at 1:30 p. m.
Tfce ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons ctep directly from th* railroad cars into
• superb grand stand, glass-inclosed, where,
comfortably housed in bad weather, they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of th* races.
Train* leave Third ard Townsend streets at
*:00. 10 40 and 11:30 a. m. and 12:1*. 12:35. 12:50
and 1:25 P- m., returning; immediately after
Ifcct race at «:45 p. m. Seats In rear cara rs-
terred lor wemen and their escorts. Ko stack*
log. Valencia street. 10 mlnutea later.
Han Jose and Way Stations— Arrive at San
liruno at U:4S p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:4S p. m.
RATES— San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn, including admission to track. 11.26.
W.-J. MARTIN. President.
r. H. GREEN, Secretary and Manager.
3 Almost ready to blow up #
g Shag: Bock! A description of q
w ' the preparatory work alone Is q
rt highly Interesting, but doubly -g
£j so when told by s young w
" woman who went down in a
** diving suit in the dangerous ~
8 waters of, the bay that rush «
3 around the base of the rock, &
O and made a personal inspec- -&
8 tlon of the operations. See the G
B front page of next Sunday* 8
® Call. »
ALCAZAR_JTHEATER.
LA.FT THREE NIGHTS,
MATTNEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY
Elaborate Modern Production.
Diplomacy
15c, 25c R H^ D 35c, 50c,
NEXT 'WEEK— A. M. Palmer* Comedy Bue-
ces«.
"AUNT JACK!. 0
Now In Preparation.
...."QUO VADIS"....
FARLAND,
Phenomenal banjo-
Ist, assisted by Chas.
F. Graeber's Mandolin
Orchestra, at Sher-
man. . Clay A Co.'s
Hall, Friday evening-,
March ». ISOO. Tick-
ets. COc and 75c. On
sale at Sherman, Clay
A Co.'s Music Store.
The celebrated STEW.
ART BANJO used,
manufactured by Stew-
art & Bauer, makers
of Stewart Ban]cs and
Georre Bauer. Guitars
and Mandolins. (•HER-
MAN. CLAY ft CO..
Pacific Coast Agents.
DILLARD DREW MONEY
AND INDORSED CHECKS
Cashier Burns Tells How the Messen
ger Signed the Names of Other
People. *
The Government finished yesterday Its
presentation of testimony in Its suit on
the bonds of O. M. Welburn as disbursing
agent of the United States in the Internal
revenue department, and after Gavin Mc-
Nab had made his statement to the jury
some preliminary evidence for the defense
was put In: aj 1 IILUUm.EtHj
Th most interesting witness of the day
was Thomas P. Burns,; cashier of the
United States Sub-treasury, who had been
called; on behalf of the Government. He
testified that several of = the .checks for
Clyde Welburn's salary had been Indorsed
In Clyde Welburn's name by W. H. Dll
lard. and that the money for which tho
checks were vouchers had been paid to
Dlllard. Dillard at that time was the-mes
senger in .the - office. Similarly E. C.
Aiken's name had been indorsed on checks
by Dillard and the money, drawn by him
O. M. Welburn was present in court dur
ing the day with his counsel /_Gavin Mc"-
Nab and Frank H. Gould. The, defense
will go on this morning.
AMUSEMENTS.
*TIVPLI*
BUT FOUR TIMES MORE
Of tbe Marvelous Comic Opera,
THE IDOL'S EYE !
FINAL MATINEE TO-MORROW AT I.
NEXT IA/lEEK!
The Musical Extrararanza,
"MANILA_BOUND I"
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and SOc.
TELEPHONE— BUSH ».
To Remove Insane Patients.
General Superintendent of State Hospi
tals Hatch, City Attorney Lane and Su
perintendent Reddy of the Almshouse yes
terday visited Mayor Phelan to arrange
for the transfer of thirty or more mildly
Insane patients to the City and County
Almshouse. Dr. Hatch stated that the
insane hospitals were overcrowded and
that the city should care for some of .the
patients who could not be regarded as in
sane. City Attorney Lane was of the
opinion that the removals would be Justi
fied under the circumstances. The Mayor
took the matter under advisement.
is the easiest tonic In the world to take and
the most beneficial and lasting- In its results.
The Anheuser-Busch Brewing: Ass'n prepares
it, hence its merit. Sold by all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE SUITS at
MODERATE PRICES . .
I make suits for 25
percent less than other
tailors.
All-wool Business Suits
Sls.n<> to »25
All-wool Dressy Suits —
$20 to «4O
All-wool Pants
f4JM) to «12
Sample* sent free.
Fit guaranteed.
JOE POHEIM,
The Tailor,
1119-1111 Market st.
201-203 Montgomery gt.
PLAN OP DARK ROOiL
used -to carry water from the roof, the
shape of the letter L, the long side about
ten inches long and the short side half
that length. At the top of the long: end
have a flange, and after cutting holes at
the bottom of the wall of the room and
two at the top the size of the Inside of
the tube, attach these tubes over the
holes by nailing the flange. The tubes
should be painted a dark color Inside and
out to prevent the reflection of light.
If there is running water and It can. be
conveyed to the room, and If a sink and
waste pipe can be used, so much the bet
ter, as plenty of good water Is a requisite
and running water one of the greatest
conveniences. But many of us will have
u> get along without rannlng water, and
let us ccc how this Can best be done. We
shall need a sink at the end of the room
at which we are £oing to develop. We
must first ge; a taole or shelf, or use an
old table with a rectangular opening, at
least 21x15 Inches, cut In the top. Into
this fit a zlrc or galvanized Iron tray
about four inches deep. From a bole in
New York Dental Parlors,
723 MARKET ST,
PORTLAND OFFICE
NE. Cor. Fourth and Morrison Sts
Hours—* to 8: Sundays 10 to 4.
COLUf^BlAv^
LABT S NIGHTS AND MATINEE SAT.
CHARLES FROHMAN
PRESENTS WILLIAM OILLETTETB GREAT-
EST COMEDT TRIUMPH,
Because She : .
Klslster
Loved Him So -
With J. E. DOPSOX and Original K. T. Oast.
NEXT MOXDAT. The Comedian.
IA/ILLIIB COLLIER
la his own Farce Comedy,
"MR. SMOOTH." EIATS 6ELLISO.
AJITJSEMENT&
NO PAIN! NO GAS!
HO CHARGE for painless extraction when
teeth «r« ordered. All work done by graduate
dentists of 21 to 30 years' experience; a special-
ist In eech department. We will tell you In
advar.otr exactly what your work will cost by a
free examination. Give us a call, and you will
find we do exactly as we advertise.
Set of Teeth $5.00
Gold Filling 1.00
Gold Crown 5.00
Silver Filling 60
WILL COMBINE
AND WORK FOR
MUSEUM SCHEME
Permanent Organization of
the Finance Committee
Is Effected. ;
Irving M. Scott Is Elected Perma
nent Chairman and President
Wheeler Speaks of His
Eastern Trip^
The finance committee' of tho Pacific
Commercial Museum met yesterday after
noon in the rooms of the Board of Trade
and formed a permanent organization.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University of California was in the chair.
Before the business of, the day came up
In regular order Professor Wheeler, upon
the unanimous request of the members
present, told of his trip, East, his meeting
with President McKlnley and Sedretary'
Hay, of his efforts in behalf of the local
venture and the glowing .prospects of a
successful termination of the plans for
a Pacific commercial museum. Professor
Wheeler while In Philadelphia visited the
Philadelphia Commercial Museum and
spent much time with its officers. He has
been furnished duplicates of many valu
able records which are in the Eastern
museum and which took several years to
collect and order.
¦ Professor Plehn, secretary of the finance
committee, reported that he had commu
nicated with all the Congressmen and
Senators of this State, and their replies
speak for an active and helpful disposi
tion on the part of California's national
representatives. Congressman Barham in
particular, who is a member of the Com
merce Committee, pledged that he would
ask for an amendment for a $50,000 appro
priation to the original $200,000 bill In be
half of the Philadelphia Museum, the add
ed amount to go to the California project.
Should the committee fall to report this
measure he will introduce a bill for the
benefit of the California museum.
By resolution it was ordered that a
nominating committee be appointed to
select officers of the finance- committee
and members of the executive committee.
Professor Wheeler appointed W. R.
Wheeler, • Rufua Jennings and Ebenezer
Scott.
The nominating committee then with
drew, and after a few minutes submitted
a report which was unanimously adopted.
For chairman of the finance committee
Irving M. Scott was named; for secre
tary # C. C. Plehn. For members of the
executive committee the following were
selected: Mayor. James D. Phelan, A. A.
Watkins. .George A. Newhall, Isaac Up
ham, Charles Tlolbrook, Rufus P. Jen
nings, M. H. de Young, A. M. Lawrence,
John D. Spreckels. A further recommen
dation of the nominating committee was
that the chairman of the promotion com
mittee be made a member of the execu
tive committee, and. also" that five mem
bers of the executive committee shall con
stitute a quorum.
¦ Professor Wheeler then relinquished the
chair to Irving M. Scott, who, after a few
remarks, asked to be relieved from the
duties of his new position for, the day, as
as he was suffering from a severe cold.
President Wheeler again took the chair.
The report of the nominating committee
•Was afterward supplemented by the nomi
nation of the Bank of California as treas
urer.
Professor Davidson was called upon to
explain the purposes and the general
character of the museum. Others spoke
at length upon the subject, covering the
entire scope of the new venture."
A letter was read from the secretary of
the San Diego Chamber of Commerce, in
which It was asked that the finance com
mittee call for a general . convention of
representatives of the ¦ various chambers
of commerce in the big cities. This mat
ter was submitted to the executive com
mittee for further consideration.
bound and should reach here next month.
The transports Leelanaw and Cone
maugh discharged their cargoes of mules
at Hilo while en route, to Manila. While
the vessels were at anchor the officers of
both were banqueted by the townspepople.
and a most enjoyable time resulted.
The officers of the Hongkong Maru re
port that the cook of the bark Annie John
son jumped overboard when the vessel
was two days out from Hilo. The Annie
Johnson was hove to and a boat lowered,
but no trace of the suicide could be found.
The bark Is expected to arrive here dally.
The new steamer Rainier arrived from
Grays Harbor yesterday In tow of the tu«r.
Astoria. As soon as the cargo of lumber
in her hold is discharged she will be cn
glned and fitted out and will then sail for
Nome under the Alaska Commercial Com
pany's flag.
Shipping men are viewing with conster
nation the fact that another big raft is
being built on Puget Sound to be towed to
San Francisco. In this giant affair "there
will be 14,000,000 feet of lumber, and shoul 1
It ever go to pieces destruction will surely
follow In Its path. Of all the menaces to
navigation there Is nothing that can com
pare with a derelict log raft.
There Is not a vacant berth for phlps
along the front, and Chief Wharfinger
Henderson and Assistant Chief Dryden
are at their wit's end to know where to
place the various vessels applying for ac
commodation. The widening and extend
ing of the wharves along the front has
begun none too soon, as the demand for
space now exceeds the limit of the ac
commodation.
c. curtin;
911 and 913 Market St.
Two Peculiar Brigs Bound for Nome.
SCAMMELL. & KII^J of this city have purchased from parties in San Diego the well-known brig Tanner and from th«
John D. Spreckels*& Bros. Company the clipper William G. Irwin. The latter vessel Is one of the fastest vessels in
the sugar fleet, and was only $old because she Is not large enough for the trade. She Is now on her way here from
Honolulu and on her arrival will be got ready for a trip to the frozen north. She will carry passengers and freight
to the gold fields, and given a fair chance should make steamboat time. Tho Tanner will also go to the gold fields. carry-
Ing a cargo of lumber from Puget Sound. - .
HOSIERY SPECIALS!
JO CEISTS PER PAIR—
Children's Heavy Single-ribbed School Hose (Hercules !
brand), double knees, heels and toes, fast blacjf, all sizes, ;
5 to 9J, a big value at 10 cents a pair. !
IQ CENTS PER PAIR—
Boys' Extra Heavy Three-thread Cable-ribbed Hose. This
stocking Is made from the best quality combed maco yarn,
Is extra elastic and durable, has Improved shaped ankles
and Is guaranteed fast black, sizes 6 to 9j. Regular
value 25 cents a pair ; our special price 19 cents a pair
or 3 pairs for 50 cents.
VH.— THE DABE BOOK
BT GEORGE W. GILSON.
For the opening of plates and the filling
of the holders and for the chemical ma
nipulation after exposure, a room per
fectly free from all light is required. The
light with which to see when performing
the various operations must come' through
a pane of ruby glass or a sheet of ruby
fabric from outside of the room, or It
must be from the flam* of a lantern made
for the purpose.
It Is best, when possible, to have a
room used' exclusively for this purpose.
It need not be large, though the larger
and more airy the better. Almost every
house has a room or closet which will
answer. If nowhere else, a dry and well
cemented corner of the cellar will be
found to be a good place, as it will be
cool In summer and usually free from In
trusion. Around the two open sides can
be constructed a wall of ordinary flooring
or weather boarding nailed to uprights,
with a door at the farthest corner from
where you Intend developing. In build
ing a room it would be well to build a
small shelf supported by a bracket on
the outside, with a small window fitted
with a frame of ruby glass extending nip
from the shelf. A lamp on the shelf will
Illuminate the dark room and keep the
heat outside and save the trouble of a
ruby lantern. It should be built at the
same height as the developing table In
side. The room can be ventilated In the
following manner: Have made at the
tinsmith's four tubes at tin such as is
COURSE IN PHOTOGRAPHY FOR AMATEURS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
isfactory. Another pane of ruby glass, or
a sheet of ruby fabric, should be added to
the others to make the light perfectly
safe. The best size for the window Is 8
by 10 or 10 by 13, and It should be directly
In front of the developing table. If there
Is not a window of this kind a ruby lan
tern will be necessary. This should be a
good one, burning oil. Much of the suc
cess of developing depends on a good, safe
llKht, and a few extra dollars spent here
will be money saved. The very cheap lan
terns are invariably unsatisfactory. They
have an insufficient draft, become over
heated and the solder melts or the glass
cracks. The lamp shown in the Illustra
tion gives a safe 8 by 10 ruby light for
developing by. while the left side door
when open emits a clear white light for
making transparencies and bromide prints
by contact. The right door when open
gives a soft opal light for examining neg
atives or transparencies. The lantern Is
generally fitted with a coal oil lamp and
silvered reflector, but can be readily
adapted to the use of gas or of electric
light.
At least three trays will be required
one shallow, the same size as the plate
you work, and the others deeper and a
size larger. The first Is for the developer,
and should be of hard rubber or papier
mache. The others are for the other solu
tions that we shall need and if we do not
have a fixing box we shall need a tray for
fixing, large enough to take several plates.
This latter may be of any material. Bach
tray should be marked by writing Its use
on a piece of paper and gluing the paper
to the end of the tray. When it has
dried It should be well rubbed with vas
eline or varnished to render It waterproof.
These trays must never be used for any
purpose other than that for which they
are marked. For fixing, however, a reg-
TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1900. L
SPECIAL REMNANT DAYS!
REMNANTS OF BLACK AND COLORED DRESS GOODS, REMNANTS
OF FANCY SILKS, suitable for waists and skirts, at
HALF PRICE.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
HH idiYfr Jr Ml liv\\ I It llti I H^l
SB IrwL IV Htnv " // // I/!/ H
HsV ]^^>*^ Jl. *//jy\* ' / /////f
HaY I -^* /////
¦ uOli u&pS~^UC I
gl We are now having a special sale of golf, caps which are ¦
gi worth 50 cents. They constitute various -patterns and design* in ¦
¦¦ «olid and combine! colors; th; materials are. rough and smooth. ¦
Rffl There is a full assortment of siz:s for men and boys. ¦
Wa At this remarkably 'low price the caps will go: quickly— the f H
I earliest purchasers are surer of getting just the pattern and color ¦
KB they' want; Although we have a great number of the caps, we ; . H
mm suggest that you call early. H
fifl Out-of-town orders filled— write, stating color and size you desire. ,^M
HI Mention you want Catalogue No. 2. 1
fIHB jH^^^Sy I^bbV Va'SßßsVflY'aaVHi /flaißHi aaasHs! tWaaV-^^. hWObbbj I
GRANDS'
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
I^AET THREE WEEKS OF THE SEASON.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
Tie Immensely Successful Revival of Offen-
bach's Famous Comic Opera,
The Grand
Duchess.
MONDAY— "EL CAPITAN."
TELEPHONE— MAIN SB.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra Saturday
Matinee 2Sc
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
MARKET 'sL&^&sr
CALIFORNIA, THEATER.
A I TREMENDOUS
TRIUMPH! I SALE!
WILL ECLIPSE FIRST ENGAGEMENT.
PADEREWSKI,
THE WORLD'S GREATEST. PIANIST.
MONDAY NIGHT. March 25.
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON, March IS.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. March 89.
MONDAY AFTERNOON, April 2.
Reserved seats. $1 50, |2, $J, $4.
Now on sale at the l>cx office.
NOTE— Reserved seats can be secured by
those living out of the city by letter or tele-
rraph. .
CHUTES AND I ZOO."WiaSf m
ROMALO BROS.. MARION BLAKE, CONLON
A RTDER. LILLIAN HOWE. BOGOS &
HARWARD, MAJOR MITE. MLLE. ES-
TEX.LE, THE BLACK BARTONS.
CAKE WALK CONTEST TO-MORROW
NIOHT.
BLACK BARTONS of N. Y. vs. THE WIL-
LIAMS of Oreeon. »
Beats by Telephone, Park 23.
7
NEGATIVE WASHING BOX.Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
THE STOCK MARKET
27,690 Baltimore ft Ohio 7TT»
Canadian Pacific 95
3.9<X> Canada Southern 614
43.560 Chesapeake & Ohio 304
2.W13 Chicago Great Western 13*
12.550 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 127»i
1.25S Chicago Ind & Louis 23
4M Chicago Ind & Louis prefd 6.>
2.600 Chicago & East Illinois 99%
400 Chicago & Northwestern 163
21.150 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 11l
16.250 C C C & St Louis €2^
3.983 Colorado Southern 7%
430 Colorado Southern lFt prefd 45%
2 r J> Colorado Southern 2d prefd 19%
C 76 Delaware & Hudson 116
I.4fA Delaware Lack & Western 179' i
3.072 Denver & Rio Grande 214
4.CSO IVnver & Rio Grande prefd 73'j
210 Erie 13%
S.SSO Erie Ist prefd 89%
1.D90 Great Northern prefd 161
1.470 Hocking Coal 18
2.9W Hocking Valley 35
K77 Illinois Central 114
S5O lowa Central 15
419 lowa Central prefd 51
2"0 Kan City Pitss & Gulf 17%
100 Lake Erie & Western 21
610 Lake Erie & Western prefd 834
Lake Phore 194
19.335 Louisville & Nashville !>i
B.KOO Manhattan L 964
13.953 Metropolitan Street Railway 1624
1.300 Mexican Central 14>i
1.430 Minneapolis & St Louis 85
200 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 96
19.500 Missouri Pacific 47%
1.200 Mobile & Ohio ." 47%
Missouri Kansas & Texas 11
2.946 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 33%
400 New Jersey Central H6
10.160 New York Central 135%
71.638 Norfolk & Western 37%
631 Norfolk tc Western prefd 774
36.950 Northern Pacific 66> ?
6.120 Northern Pacific prefd 75%
7.000 Ontario & Western 24%
Oregon Ry & Nay 42
Oretfon Ry & Nay pref :.. 76
6.169 Pennsylvania 137%
1,464 Reading 18*4
7.000 Reading lea prefd 59H
1,900 Reading 2d prefd 29%
Rio Grande Western 534
700 Rio Grande Western prefd 92
SCO St Lauls & an Fran 10%
1.C15 St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 704
2.f95 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 36%
300 St Louis Southwestern 114
400 St Louis Southwestern prefd 30%
18,477 St Haul 125%
Ft Paul prefd 174
St Paul & Omaha 1074
$0,570 Southern Pacific 404
37,415 Southern Railway 14%
17.430 Southern Railway prefd 60%
3,6f>0 Texas & Pacific 17%
74,140 Union Pacific 544
10,610 Union Pacific prefd 764
Wabaah «%
2.600 Wabash prefd 21 •
10,427 Wheeling & Lake Erie 11
10,427 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 31%
240 Wisconsin Central 17%
21,147 Third Avenue 105%
Express companies —
Adams 115
American 147
United States 464
Wells Fargo 122
Miscellaneous —
700 American Cotton' Oil 33%
American Cotton Oil prefd 334
100 American Malting 4%
200 American Malting prefd 21%
W0 Amer Smelting & Refining 40%
£C 0 Amer Smelting & Refining prefd.... 92
American Pplrlts 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
1,050 American Steel Hoop 34
3f*> American Steel Hrv-n prefd SO
10,650 American Steel &.Wlre »5%
American Steel & Wire prefd 9<J
825 American Tin Plate 324
American Tin Plate prefd X2-j>
II.CCO American Tobacco 107%
American Tobp.cco prefd 138
• 600 Anaconda Mining Co 45%
28,630 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 70
10.630 Colorado Fuel & Iron 48%
6.3?0 Continental Tobacco 31%
l"i 0 Continental Tobacco prefd 844
7.275 Federal Steel 61
L4lO Federal Steel rrefd 75%
$00 General Electric 125%
ClO Glucose Sugar ..' 52
Glucose Sugar prefd 98
450 International Paper 20%
500 International Paper prefd 65
Laclede Gas 70
435 National Biscuit 35%
220 National Biscuit prefd 94
1,467 Net'onal Lead .'. 21
National Lead prefd 103
6,010 National Pteel 43S
130 National Steel prefd 94
New York Air Brake 135
210 North American 15%
1.200 Pacific Coaßt 514
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 82
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
670 Pacific Mail 36%
People's Gas 1004
ttO Pressed Steel Car 53%
10.770 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85
' 245 Pullman Palace Car 1834
...'....* Standard Hove & Twine 6%
£3.750 Sugar 10C%
Sugar prefd 1114
5.150 Term Coal and Iron 944
15.165 Urrtted States Leather 13%
2.230 United States Leather prefd 73%
100 United States Rubber 314
United States Rubber prefd 95
465 Western Union 834
2.006 Rep Irsn & Steel Co .'22'
300 Rep Iron and &teel prefd 63
P G C 4 St Louis 68
960.773 Total shares. .
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refundlng.,los IM X & T 4s 91U
US 2s reg 101 N V Central 15t5...110
US 2s reg 110 N J Cent ren is. ..124
US Ss coup 110 N Carolina 6s 127
U S new 4s reg 134>4 N Carolina 4s 106
U S new 4s coup..l34ii N Pacific 3s 67
U S old 4s reg 116 N Pacific 4s 1054
U S old 4s c0up. ..117 N V C & S L 45...105%
US 5s reg 115 N & W con 45.... 97V4
VS 5s coup 115 N& W gen 6s 132
Dis of Col 3. 655.... 119 Or Nay lsts 108
Atchlßon gen 45.. ..101% Or Nay 4s ..1044
Atchison adj 45.... 84% Or Short Line 65. ..127%
Canada So 2d5~....1064 Or S Line con 65.. 113%
Ches 4 Ohio 44»— »"% Reading Gen 45.... 86.
Ches & Ohio 55.. ..119% R G W lsts 1004
C & NW con 75. ...141 S L & I M con 85.112%
C & NWSF deb 55.121 8L& 6 F gen 6s. 120
Chicago Term 45.. 97 St Paul conn 1694
D & R G lats 1034 S P C & P 15t5... .1194
V & R G 4s 98% S P C & P 65. ..'... 121
E T Va & Ga 15t5.. 1024 So Railway 6s 110%
Erie General 45.... 734 Stand R & T 65.... 68
FWA D C lsts... 71 Term new set Ss... 85
Gen Electric 5s 116 Tex & Pac 1at5. ...1144
OH& S A 611 1W Tex & Pac 2ds 55
O11& S A 2d5....10S Union Pacific 45. ..106
H & TC 5s UO Wabash lsts 1164
H * T C con 65.. .110 Wabash 2ds .......100
lowa Cent luts 115 West Shore 4s 1134
X C P t G lsts... 71% Wls Cent lsU 90%
La new cons 45. ...107 Va Centuries 894
L & N Unl 4s 994 Va deferred 9
So Pacific 4s 834 Colo & So 4s 83%
M X & T 2ds 654*
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22 Ontario '. 8 60
Crown Point 14 Ophlr ...". go
Con Cal & Va 1 60 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 60. Quicksilver 1 60
Gould &. Curry l*i do prefd 700
Hale & Norcross.. * 25; Sierra Nevada .... 50
Homestake , 60 (0 Standard 3 00
Iron Stiver 65, Union Con 20
Mextcan 241 Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON , STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— * Union Land 2
Call loans 34@*4 West End........... 9l\
Time loans 4 C-3 Weetinghse Elec... 43
Stocks— Wisconsin Central. 17
Atch T A St Fe.. 25H Bonds-
Do prefd 69% Atchlson 45......... nsi
American 5ugar.. .106% NE Gas iCoke ss. 65»4
Do pre.'d 110 Mlnins Shares-
Bell Telephone 315 Adventure .......... 4%
Boston & A1bany.. .242 Allouez Mln C 0.... .1
Boston Elevated.. .ll6 Amalg Copper ; 96ft
Boston & Maine. ...134 Atlantic ..,...' 22-
Chi B & Q 127»; Boston & Montana.2«
Dominion Coal 434 Butte & Boston.:.. 61
Do prefd 114% Calumet & Hec1a..749
Federal Steel 51 Centennial .......;. 18%
Do prefd 75«4 1 Franklin 14%
Fltchburg prefd. ...132 -lOsceola 67
General Electric... l 27 Parrot .............. 46%
Do prefd 137 Qulncy 132
Mexican Central... 14 St Fe Copper..:.... •64
N E Gas & Coke... 17 Tamarack ...125
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 174
Ntw York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce... — 89%
Mexican Dollars 484 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The markets wera tame every
where yesterday. There was a holiday at
Paris, and the Chicago market was weak, under
fine weather and free receipts In the North
west. In this market Bpot quotations were
unchanged, but futures were off somewhat.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96%@»74c; milling,
9S%cosl Cl%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 04.
Regular Morning Session — December — 4000
ctls. $I*4; 18.000. $103%; 18,000. $103%. May—
62.0C0, 97% c.
Afternoon Session— May— lo,ooo ctls, 97% c;
14.000, 974e. December— l2, l)oo, $1 04; 8000,
$1 03%.
BARLEY— This market has not changed
much for several months, and has not been
so dull and featureless for years.
Feed. 75c for No. 1 and C55724c for oft*
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80®
874 c: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No pales.
OATS— The market is quieter again at un
changed quotations.
White. $1 10^1 30: Red. 95c®$l 174; Gray,
$1 074&1 15; Black. 974c@$l 05.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 974c«3
$1024 per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $I® l 10;
mixed. $1191 05" per ctl.
RYE— 974c(g$l per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 75.
usual terms; bakera' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to ' the trade : Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 60-
Oat Groats. $4 60; Hominy, $3 25@3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4<& V 4 23; Cracked Wheat, ?3 75-
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, »00;
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@7 25; In sacks, $5 75©
7- Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $3; Green Peas,
$5 60 per 100 lbs. . v, X v, .-..-'-,
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran and Middlings . continue firm at ' - un
changed prices. , . : •
There is nothing new In Hay, the market
continuing soft and weak. Quotations for
Cottonseed Meal are nominal, as there is none
here. ¦
BRAN— SI2OI3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17(820 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15®17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®27; Jobbing,
$27 50@2S; .Cocoanut Cake, . $20®21; Corn Meat,
$23023 50; Cracked Corn, $23 50©24; Mixed Feed,
$15 50: Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat, $7S'9 for common to good;
$S 60 for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat
and Oat. $6 60@9; Oat, $6@S; Barley. $3®7; Al
falfa, tG©7 60 per ton.
STRAW— 2G®3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are firm and rather active, and prices
show some , Improvement. Other descriptions
stand as before. ; '
BEANS— Bayos, 1303 25; small White. $3 25®
3 35; large White. $3 10®$ 20; Pinks, $2 75®
2 86; Reds. •$3 50@3 75; Blackeye, $4 60; But
ters, nominal; Lima. $5 25; Pea, $3 30® 3 60;
Red Kidneys, $3 6004.
SEEDS — Brown : Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 44®4%c: Flax.' $1 90®2 20; Canary,
34c -per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9@loc; Rape, 24®3c; Hemp, 4®44c;
Timothy, 4@44c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 90®2 25; Green. $1 90
<S2 25 ' per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Another advance in Onions Is noted. Pota
toes'stand the same. There is no particular
change In Vegetables. ,' ¦"„, W. .*
Receipts were 1144 boxes Asparagus, 895 boxes
Rhubarb, 540 sacks Peas and 130 sacks new Po
tatoes. : -•' ¦
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 70@S0c: River Reds,
70@S0c; Burbankiv 40@70c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks, 65c$r$l; Sweet Potatoes, $2 40@2 60
for Merced and $1 25 for Rivers; New Potatoes.
14®?4c ¦-• ¦¦>¦¦¦¦ ¦ • , iv<
ONIONS— S2 60@2 85 per ctl; Cut Onion*. 60c®
$1 60. m ¦ ¦ ¦ .< ... --¦ ;:-¦. ' ¦¦ • V-. '¦•'A-"'-
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, $I®l 50 per box:
Asparagus, 60c@$l per box for No. 2 and $1 25®
1 50 tor No. 1 and $1 70@2 25 for' fancy large:
Green ' Peas, 14®2e per lb; String • Beans, 6@
10c: * Cabbage, Lcs Angeles Tomatoes.
$1 25(g2 60; Egg Plant from Los Angeles. 8®
124 c; Dried Okra. !24c per lb: Garlic. 24@34c;
Green Peppers from Los Angeles. ;i Dried
Peppers, .S^lOc; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Los
Angeles Summer ¦ Squash, •$1 2£®l 50 per .box;
Marrowfat' Squash.* nominal.
Poultry and ¦ Game.
Stocks of Eastern, are thinning down, though
there is some still left on hand/. Prices are un
changed and steady.^ Game stands as before.
; POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 11012 c for Gobblers
and" 12@13c j for Hens; Geese, per, pair, : $2@2 50;
Goslings, $2 50@3; Ducks. $405 for old and $405
for . young; Hens. $495 50; Young Roosters. $6
©7: OH Roosters. $4&4 50; Fryers. $6; Broilers,
}4 MUSS 60 for large and $3@4 fnr fimall; Pigeons,
$1 75® 2 per doxen for eld and $?t?2 2i for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $I@l 25; * Rabbits, $1 25@1 50;
Gray. Geese, $2;, White, "<- 75c; t Brant.. $1 25®1 50;
Honkers, $3 per dozen; . English -Snipe, . $2 5003;
Jack Snipe,- $1 50. : ' ;- : ¦ :•'-.; - .' - - '
Butter, Eggs and Cheese:
The ¦ Butter, ; market ' continues . very^ weak, as
stocks are . steadily increasing. Eggs are de-
EASTERN MARKETS
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Chicago Grain Market.
pressed, though receipts have been falllnr off
since the collapse of the boom.' Cheese is weak
and dull. .• - - ,
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creamery. 20c; seconds. 19c.
Dairy— Fancy, 18c; good to choice, 16®17c;
common, ¦ nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 8c; old. 74c;
Young America, 84®9c; Eastern, 15®16c; West
ern. 134@15c per lb. -
EGGS— Quoted at 124<g13c for rtor© and 134®
14c per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
. Strawberries from Watsonville brought $109
12 per chest.
Only one car Is announced for to-day's Orange
auction.'!; .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
A PPLES— 7S«f9Oc Per box for common, $1@
1 50 for good to choice and $1 75©2 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 5032 75
per box; Seedlings. 75c@$l CO; Lemons, $t@l 60
for. common and $2@2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $5 50@6; California Limes, 50<3
75c: 'Bananas. $I@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples.
$4@5 per dozen. ¦ , ' :
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Mall advices from New York say: "Prunes
are selling steadily in constantly Increasing
quantities. One authority places total sales for
the ! past week at 25 cars. Others appear to
think this estimate exc-ssstve, but are not dis
posed to undertake to dispute it. Holders say
there Is sufficient movement to create a healthy
feeling and to change the price tendency, . so
that It ie probable that an advance will soon
be named on small and medium goods."
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4®44c for
40-50's. 3<fT34c for 50-60' s, 3©34 c for 60-70's..
SVic f0r.70-So's. 3c for 80-90's and 2\c for 90
10O"s: ADrtcots. 11@124c for Royals, 124©15 c
for ' Moorparks and 12@134c for Blenheims;
Peaches. 54@6c for Standards. 64®«%c for
choice and 7@Bc for fancy ;• Peeled Peaches, 10®
124 c; Evaporated Apples. 6®7c; Sun-dried. 6@
54c per lb; Nectarines, S@9c: Pears, 34«44c
for dark and 7®Bc for bright halves: Black
Figs, 2@24c; White Figs. 2@3c; Bleached
Plums, S@9c; *"Unbleached Plums, 7®74c for
pitted and 14c fox unpltted.'
: RAISINS— BleacTled Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c: choice, 9c: standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 84c; choice. 74c: standard, 64c;
prime, .6c;- unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
60- lb boxes. sc: 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 54c;
3-crown, 6\ic: 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $$: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common chipping points
in California. ¦ ' ¦
NUTS — Walnuts, ¦ B@9c for standards and
9<Qloc for softshelln; Almonds. 114@12c for
paper shell, 9@loc for soft and 4®sc for hard
shell: Peanuts. s^o<?ie for Eastern and 5c
for California; Brazil Nuts, 74®8c; Filberts,
U'(fjl24c: Pecans, 11®13c; Cocoanuts, $4 M^S.
HONEY— Comb. 114012 c for bright and 104@
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
7iic: light amber extracted. 7%®74c; dark.
5HO6c per lb. - - - ?j. •
BEESWAX— 24O26c per lb.
Provisions.
Hams, Bacon and Lard are now very strong
In sympathy with rising, markets In the West,
and prices for the two latter are higher. Local
competition keeps the former from advancing.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10c per lb for heavy,
10V4c for light medium. "lie for light, 124 c for
extra light and 13c for sugar-cured: Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13c; California Hams, nomi
nal; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl: extra Mess. $13;
Family. $14; extra Prime Pork, $14 50: extra
clear. $17 50; Mess, $16 50; Smoked Beef. 124®
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7®7Ue per lb for
compound and B®B4c for pure; half barrels,
pure. 84c; 10-lb tins, 9®3Vic: 5-lb tins. 9%c
COTTOLBNE— Tierces, . B@'S4o per lb: 10-lb
tins, 'J4c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There is nothing new to report under this
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
10c: medium. 94c; light, 9c; Cowhides. 1 9c;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 9@94c; Calf, 94510 c;
Drv' Hides sound, 18c; culls and brands, lac;
Dry Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry C&U. 19c; Sheep
jklns. shearllnge,. 15030 c each; short Wool. 35®
60c each- medium, 70(g90c: long Wool, $I@l 25
each- Horse Hides. $2 25©2 75 for large and 73c
fill 75 for small; Colts. 25Q60C. Deer Sklns-
Sunimer or red skine. 40c; fall or medium skins,
35c- winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
m TALLOW^No. 1 rendered. 5@5«4c per lb; No.
2. 4g<4c: refined, 64c; grease, 24@3c.
Fall clip San 'Joaquln plains. 9310 c; South
cm S«3loc- Middle County, ll@13c; Humboldt.
and Mendoclno. 17©20 c: Eastern Oregon. , 13«
16c- Valley Oregon. 18®20c: Northern Mountain,
free,' Il©i4c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10JJ
lie per lb. ¦ ¦
HOPS— «%CIOc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market. v
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
HEEF— 6>i©7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B®S4c: ewes, 74®80 per
"IAMB— Spring. lOftlle per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small and me
dium and 5»4©54c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. s@sV*c; dressed Hogs, 7@B>4c.
Gcftcral Merchandise.
BAGS — San Qiientln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6Vio64c: Wool Bags, 284®324c;
Fleece Twine, 7Hc
LUMBER— Of the Lumber that goes to Mel
bourne by the ship Kennebec 614,500 feet Is
Pine and 870,000 feet redwood.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton $S: Southtield Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wailsend,
$8- Co-operative Wailsend, $3; Scotch, ;
Cumberland; $12 in bulk and $13 50 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel,«sli
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in
$a sUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb in ICO-lb bass: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, - 6.60 c; Powdered.
6 60c; Candy Granulated, 5:20 c; Dry Granulated,
ilOc; Confectioners' A, 5.10 c; Magnolia A, 4.70 c;
Extra C, 4.60 c: Golden C, 4.50 c; barrels,. 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more;
CO-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominoa,
half-barrels, 5.85 c; boxes, 6.10 c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. MARCH 22.
Flour, qr sks 15,208' Hay, tons ' 654
Wheat, ctls 8.030, Straw, tons ..... 9
Barley, ctls .' 4,2751 Wool, bags 54
Oats, rtls 430 Pelts, bndls 103
Corn, ctla 380 Eggs, doz 22,030
Cheese, ctls .' 332 Leather, rolls .... 164
Tallow.-.ctls . 2i Hides. No 171
Butter ctls SlO'Lime. bbls .....:. 273
Potatoes, sks .... 1*,42> .VTlne, gals ....... 10,200
Beans, sks ...:.. 400 Quicksilver, flsks ,225
Middlings, ska ... 50 Sugar, bbls ...... 420
OREGON.
Flour, <jr sks.... 940|Oats. ctls 380
Shipping Intelligence.
Silver a fraction off. Exchange unchanged.
Slight decline in Wheat futures.
Other cereals dull and nominal.
Beans more active at improving prices.
Hay weak and dull. Bran and Middlings firm.
Another advance in Onions. Potatoes unchanged.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue plentiful and weak.
Provisions rising in sympathy with Western markets.
Fruits shoiv no particular change.
Meat' market as preznously quoted.
Moderate trading in local securities.
Poultry and Game steady.
Decreased shipments of Salmon.
Old Colony 2054 Utah Mining. SO
Old Dominion 16H Wlnona 2«4
Rubber 3o Wolverines 41
Union Pacific 54Vi
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. March 22.— Money on call firm
at 4®6 per cent; last loan, 5 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 6©54 per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 85KC34 85% for demand and at $1 S2'{,
Q4 t2Vi for sixty days; posted rates, $4 824 and
$4 S6<AQ* 87. Commercial bills, $4 81Vi©4 81%.
Silver certificates, «Hi@6l«4c. Bar silver, 59% c.
Mexican dollars, 474 c. • Government bonds,
strong; State bonds, active; railroad bonds,
strong.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON, March 22.— T0-day's .ltate
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $160,460,843; gold, $99,234,315.
London Market.
NEW YORK. March 22.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was little Increase in general business
in the market here to-day and the tone . was
Irregular. Americans were strong, being an
exception to the rule. They were also more
active than for many months. London bought
steadily and big orders came from Berlin,
Amsterdam and Brussels. New York bought
also and the close was booming, with Balti
more and Ohio the leading feature. Country
support waa apparently influenced by an Econ
omist article pointing out that a new era has
been inaugurated by the currency law, but big
brokers have been "dipping" the rise for some
days. Tintos . spurted to 654 on the dividend
of 45 shillings and the showing of £30,000
brought forward and £HO,OOO added to the re
serve. This was fully up to well-informed ex
pectation, although under optimistic estimates
about .ten days ago. Anacondas were slightly
harder in sympathy. The Bank of England
bought £33,000 gold In bars and reduced Its
buying price to the statutory minimum of 77s
Sd. Money sales were unchanged and half
the amount due the Bank of England was re
paid. Paris cheque. 25.22: Berlin. 20.49.
The Banks of Bombay and Bengal have re
duced their discount rates from 8 to 7 and 7
to 6 respectively.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 9S»»: Union Pacific pre
ferred, 7S>4; Northern Pacific preferred, 77%;
Grand Trunk, SH: Anaconda, 9V4- Bar silver,
steady, 2~Hd per ounce. Money, 3Vi^3\ per
cent.
Spring Valley. 96% 97 Pac A FA.... 2 —
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.143 —
Cent O L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P... — 494
Morning Session. .
Board—
65 Contra Costa Water 66 75
100 Giant Powder Con 85 00
50 Hana Plantation C 0......... 9 izy 2
50 Hana Plantation C 0.;.... .' 9 25
25 Hawaiian Commercial * Sugar...... 89 OO
200 Honokaa S Co ....32 00
273 Hutchinson S P Co 26 50
110 Makaweli . % ... 4S 25
20 Onomea Sugar Co 29 00
40 Spring Valley Water ;.. 96 50
• • Street—
20 L P & A Bank 132 50
Afternoon Session.-
Board— _•-..
10 Alaska Packers' Association 118 25
15 Contra Costa Water M 50
100 Giant Powder C0n....v. 86 00
5 Giant Powder C0n........ &> 75
20 Honokaa S Co. 32 26
10 Hutchinson S P C 0..... :.... 26 37<i
50 Kllauea Sugar Plantation C 0... 21 75
$5000 Los Angeles Railway s's.. 105 25
100 Makaweli 4S 374
85 Makaweli 43 50
¦ 25 Market Street Railway 63 37/4
20 Market Street Railway 63 25
150 Onomea Sugar Co .'....... 29 00
25 Paauhau S P C 0...;...- 29 25
100 S F Gas A Electric Co 53 I*4
45 S F Gas 4 Electric Co B3 00
1 Spring Valley Water 97 00
Street—
2S Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 75
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
300 Anaconda ................................ S3
100 Barker Ranch 1 13
815 Cariboo '. 75
100 Home OH 3 70
600 Home- Oil » 65
50 Petroleum Center 30
20 San Joaquln 1 00
100 Yukon 1 15
100 Yukon 1 30
Afternoon Session.
Board —
300 Anaconda ................................ E5
75 Barker Ranch > I IS
10 Blue Goose 20 00
100 Caribou .; 75
400 Home Oil .¦ 3 65
10 Home Oil 3 70
Street—
100 Yukon 1 20
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and . Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
100 Ande* 14 300 Ophlr 84
100 Belcher 32 300 St Louis „• 10
400 Caledonia 1 10 200 Union Con 23
SCO Mexican 28
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 06 200 Chollar 23)
50 Alta 07 SOO Gould & Curry 26
300 Alta 08 300 Gould * Curry 27
200 Andes 13 100 Hale * Norc... 23
200 Belcher 34 500 Overman 24
300 Bezt A Belcher 421 400 Union Con .... 23
100 Caledonia 1 10 1
The following were the sales tn the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher ......... 33 . 600 Gould & Curry 23
250 Belcher 32 700 Lady Wash..... 04
400 Best & Belcher 39 200 Mexican 23
200 Best & Belcher 40 200 Mexican 29
200 Best & Belcher 41 200 Ophlr 15
200 Caledonia ......X 10 200 Potosi .......... 23
SCO Challenge Con.. 27 200 Sierra Nevada. 57
400 Chnllar '. 23 400 Sierra Nevada. 6S
150 Con Cal & Va..l 70 500 Silver Hill 20
300 Gould & Curry 20 200 Standard 2SO
300 Gould & Curry 22
Afternoon- Session..
200 Alta 08 150 Gould A Curry »
300 Alta 09 300 Gould & Carry 27
300 Alta 10 300 Justice 13
300 Alta 121 500 Justice 13
300 Andes U 500 Lady Wash ¦ OS
700 Chollar 24 250 Ophlr 87
200 Con Cal & V.I 72H 400 Overman 25
5000 Con Imperial... 01 300 Savage 18
5000 Con Imperial... 02 200 Seg Belcher.... 08
2000 Ccn New York 041 500 Silver Hill 20
3CO Crown Point... 15 200 Yellow Jacket.. 19
2550 Gould & Curry 26 300 Yellow Jacket.. 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, March 23— t p. m.
Bld.Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 07 Justice 13 14
Alta 10 12|Kentuck 01 02
Andes 13 14 Lady Wash .... 05 08
Belcher ........ 33 35 Mexican 28 23
Best & Belcher 41 43 Occidental 1« 17
Bullion 03 —Ophlr 87 83
Caledonia 1 05 1 15 Overman 25 . -2>5
Chollar 23 24 Potosi 23 25
Challenge Con.. 26 28 Savage 18 17
Confidence ...;. SI —I Scorpion — 03
Con Ca! & Va..l 70 175 Seg Belcher.... 05 06
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 59 60
Con New York. — M Silver Hill 23 25
Lady Wash.... 05 06 St Louis — 12
Mexican 28 29 Standard —100
Crown Point... 16 17 Syndicate 05 —
Exchequer 04 05 Union Con 23 J5
Gould & Curry 26 27 Utah 11 12
Hale & Norc... 27 29 Yellow Jacket. IS 19
Julia — 02
- Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
March 22. 1300.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building waa dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. tn.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. 11. 8. N.". in charge.
Charters.
The schooner ACmiral loads lumber at Port {
Gamble for Guayaquil. 77s 6d; Alex. McNeil. I
lumber at a ISritish Columbian port for Mcl- I
bourne or Adelaide. £3s $i.
The Emllle Galline waa chartered prior to •
Sirrtval for wheat to Europe, &s. ¦
Exports of Salmon.
Exx>orts cf salmon frcm this port during the
first two months of the year were 39.300 canes
end 1f. 3 packages, valued at {1C9.100. against
66.460 cai<es and i:-iC packages' at $272,149 during
the sair.e time last year.
Fruit and Salmon in London.
The London Grocers' Gazette of March 3
aays: "The salmon market is firm without
•xiy large volume of business passing at the
moment. This article hss Buffered, in common
with every other article handled In the city
of London, from inattention to business during
the latter part <if this week, this state of |
aSaire being occasioned by the great Outburst :
of gratification at the relief of Ladyemßh, !
which has absorbed almost the whole attention j
of business men during Thursday and Friday, i
There is fctill little movement In California !
fruits, and the trade are waiting samples from j
the vessels whose arrival we reported last :
¦week."
Weather Report
<120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. March 22—5 p
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of came date last
season, and rainfalls in last 24 hours:
J-att This Last
Stations — £4 hours, season, season.
Kureka. 0.04 43. 6» 25.53
lied Bluff 0.00 IS. SI 16. 53
Sacramento 0.00 15.61 12.7:
Francisco 0.00 17.12 12. 56
Fresno t>.'X> 7.05 5.«
lnde;*?n»ence ©.CO 5.42 1.16
ban Luis Obit.'X) 0.00 14.75 11.63
Lus Angeles COO 5. £5 4.77
San Diego 0.00 8.14 4.58
Yuma 0.00 0.77 1.3-4
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
CO; minimum. 11; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The depression central last night over the
va3!ey of the Colorado has moved zteadily
northward and now overlies Eastern California.
Nevada, t.'ta!i and Southern Idaho. The pres
f-ure has fallen rar'diy along the Sierras and
eastward to the Kocky Mountains. An area of
high pressure overlies Washington and North
ern Oregon.
The temr>erature has fallen from 10 degrees
to lv degrees over Nevada and Eastern Cali
fornia.
High northerly winds-are reported along the
coast from Point Sur northward.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Eureka, ZZ miles per hour, from the
northwest: Point Reyes. 70 miles, from the
nortfcwett: Independence. 40 miles, from the
*crt: Wir.nemucca. 36 niiles, from the we*t.
Forecast made at S*n Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnisbt March 23. 1900:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled weather
Friday, possibly light showers; brisk north
erly winds; Leavy fog along the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather, possibly light showers Friday; light
southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, probably light showers Fri
day.
Utah — Cloudy Friday, probably showers; much
colder Friday nlrht.
Arizona — Cloudy Friday; cooler.
San FrAdsco and vicinity — Cloudy, unsettled
weather. Wwsibly showers Friday; brisk north
erly winds, changing to westerly: fog in the
morning. ALEXANDER G. McADIB.
Forecast Official.
to - sail:
LIVERPOOL..
Wheat — Mar. May.- July.
Opening ..... 6 9tt 6 SH
Closing 6 9% 5 8H
PARIS. .
Wheat— . ;._ v ' Mar. - May- Aug.
Opening . : Holiday.
Closing
Flour-
Opening
Closing ........:. .;..:.'¦"¦-.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. March; 13.— Tin ruled a shade
easier to-day. , Influences In the way of heavier
receipts T than anticipated ' and r unsatisfactory
advices from London I prompted a* decline lof 1 3S
THE WEEKLY CALL,
of It Publishes the Cream of, tt»
J News of the Week anl
cJ MANY ATTRACTIVE AKD
eJ. ORiGINAL FEATURED
°S ITISTHB BEST WEEKLY
OC ¦•*: PAPER ON THB
J , PACIFIC COAST
5 Theßest\ S Mining
Tj Telegraphic N^>^ News That
°( Service oo /\. U Accurate
be VbmComaXS N^ up to date
o*! . Not a Line of tt Sensational
ol or Faky , and Not a Une of
o£ tt Dry or Uninteresting.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Tear
TO ARRIVE.
Securities continued quiet on the morning
session, but the ' feeling was firm all around.
Honokaa sold up ' to $32, Hana to $9 23 and
Giant Powder to $85. •:,
In the afternoon Giant : Powder , was still
higher, at $86® 85 76 and Spring Valley Water
sold up to $97. ' The sugar stocks were firm.
. The oil stocks were more active than for
some time, as will be seen by. the list of sales.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. March 22— 2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. . Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 3% ' 4ft
4s quar c0up.. 114% — Mutual El Co. 11H —
4s quar reg... — 114V4 O G L & H 46V» 4S
4s t quar- new.. 136 — Pac Gas Imp.. 54 55
3s quar coup.. 110% —' Pac LCo 44 —
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 62% — '¦'¦
Cal-st Cab 55.. 117 — San Francisco. 4V4 . *%.
C C Wat 55...105H107 Stkn G&ECo 10 —
Ed L& P 65.. 129 — Insurance— \, - : .
F&CI Ry 65.. — 115 Flrem's Fund.227H —
Geary-st R 6s. — : 95 Bank Stocks— '-
HC & S 5%5.105 110. Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 69 '
Do 55........106V4 — ' Bank qf Cal... 405 — '.
LA Ry 55..:..105 Vi — Cal S D &.T..100 — 5
LAL Co 65.. — — First National. 2so 290
Do gntd 65.. — "-r" -r- Lon P. & A. ...130 —
:Do gntd 55..— 103 Merchants' Ex — 18
LA &PR 55.102>4102% Nev Nat 8k...— —
Market-st 65...— ¦— ¦ Savings Banks—.'
:-Do Ist M 65.. — 116% Gcr S A L..1500 —
NCN G R 75.10« — Hum S & L.- — —
NR of Cal 65.113>4 — Mut Say Bk. 45 —
NR Of Cal 55.11»ViU6% S.F, Say U.. 610 —
NPC R R 6».104 — ' Say & L So. 74 "78
N P C R R 58.106107 , Sec Sav 'Bk. ' — . —
NC R R 55....109 — Union T Co.' — —
Oak GL&H 65.108H — Street Railroads—' .
Oak Tran 65...112Vi113 California ....119H121H
Oak W Co os.'. 105 Geary-st . ..... 60 .<¦¦ — -
Oceanic 8 C 0..105 105% Market-st Ry. 63V4 63%
Om CRy 65. ..127^128 OS L & H.... — 60
P & Cl Ry 65.;104V5105% Presidio 15tf —
Pk & O Ry 6s. — ¦ — , Powder Stocks — ;:,
Powell-st R 65. 117 — California ....160 —
Sac L&Gn ss. 90 — Giant Con Co.. 85% 85T4
SF & SJV 58.117%;— Vlgorit ....:.;. — :3%
S R of Cal 65. 114>4 — ¦ Sugar Stocks— -v
S P of A 65... .111 —' Hana S P Co. 9 9%
S P C 6s(1905).lll . — 3 Haw C & 3 Co 884 90
'Do (1906) ....112 4 113 v Honokaa S Co. 32 32V4
Do (1912) ....—. — Hutch S P Co. 26% — -.
Do Ist" eg 6s — — Kllauea S Co.. 21H 21%
B:P.Br:Cs.-.r..127tt138U Mnkawell S Co 48% — -¦¦¦
S V.; Water 65.114 114% Onomea S Co.: 25% —
Do 45 ¦..:.:. .".104% — . Paauhau S Co. 29% —
S V,W 45(3dm)102}4 — Miscellaneous—, t-.i-i-
Stktn Gas 65.. 1C0 103 Al Pack Assn. 118 118%
: Water Stocks— ; > Cal Fruit Asn.loo i 101
Contra Costa.. 66 ; 6C:)t Mer Ex Assn.. 85 tlOO -
Marin County. — — Oceanic S Co.. 03 1. M%
FRIDAY. MARCH 23.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, March 23.— The railroad stocks
bad their Inning on the Stock Exchange to
day. The demand for all grades of this claes
of eecm-ltles reached Imposing proportions and
the buying came from all degrees of investors
and speculators, large and small. The Indi
vidual Investor wu In evidence as a buyer of
fractional lots all through the lift and some
of the heavy buying was attributed to the ac
count of banking interests and insiders in the
various properties. The profepslon&l board
room traders on the floor of the exchange have
turned bulls to a man and the speculators of
larger caliber and speculative pools made their
operations manifest in the volume of transac
tions. Individual tr«r>Kactlorut to the extent
of 1000 shares were so usual as to attract little
attention, while many lota of 2000 to 5300 were
recorded on the tape. Norfolk and Western
and the Atchlson flocks took the most con-
Fpicuous place in the trading, but there were
Impressive transactions at different times dur
ing the day in Union Pacific. Baltimore and
Ohio. Southern Pacific. Pennsylvania. Northern
Pacific. Chesapeake and Ohio and late In the
Cay Southern Railway. The strength disclosed
In yesterday's market precipitated to-day's
rush to buy and it was made clear that a very
large element must have been waiting and
watching aoroe time for the Bret sign that the
market was throwing off its lethargy and
retting ready to jump. In studying to-day's
market it Is worthy of close attention that
the rush to buy was taken advantage if to
take profits en a very large scale in stocks
which have recently enjoyed a considerable ad
vance under manipulation by professional oper
ators and pools. Practically all of the indus
trial etocka. including the local tractions and
the Iron and steel stocks and also sugar, were
sold to take profits under cover of the specu
lative furor. It was not only in the mer
curial specialties that this process was in evl
dence, but also in the railroad list itself.
Baltlmtre and Ohio and the Pacific stocks
showed its effects very distinctly. Union Pa
cific was advanced early and was held pretty
steady at the advance all day. but it made uo
notable further progmus upward and the stocks
in this category showed posltU-e reaction. But
the current of the buying demand was no
<seep and strong as to carry the whole market I
practically In its sweep. Commission houses
reported orders on a large ncale and London
wan an ea«er buyer of storks here far beyunj
the usual hour when transactions for that ac
count have ceased. The volume of buying for
this account was • estimated at from C&.bOO to
70.000 shares and was a potent infl'Jtnc* in
the general strength of the market, l^cndon
c&bles reported that part of the bu>ing of
Americans there was for Berlin account. A
flurry in call money in the afternoon to* 6 p»r
cent wsa an admonitory symptom, prompting
the reJWtlcn that even the relaxed condi
tions :n the money market might be over-
Ftralned again by a headlong speculation. A
<lro;» in New York exchange at Chicago to 20
cent* discount, compared with 25 cenu pre
mium earlier in the week,' pointed the same
moral. Government bonds were also checked
In their downward course to-day and rallied
Indicating that the profit-taking there whl.:h
wiui a factor in releasing funds to the ,r.on-y
market has come to a pause and although the
«üb-trea«ury absorption is cut alir.rst in half
as rornjjun-l with last week it still promiM-s
to run up close to the amount of the surplus
y< remaining with the banks over Ihe ie
quired 25 per cent. Probabiy k. perception of
t>ie«e facts, as well as the violence of Ihe
day's advance, prompted the general move
ment to take, profits in the late fleallngs, which
reduced price* &!i around from the best and
road* the rlorlr.g easy.
The bond market was active and strong.
Total sales, par value. :4.t4r..fr.i.
United States refunding 2s. when issued, old
4* and 4e < coupon) advanced H in the bid
price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Ehar^s Closing
¦old. Stocks— bid.
£7.250 Atchlson 21%
C 2.370 Aichlsou prefd CSft
LOCAL MARKETS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1900.
to 35 points from yesterday's figures. The close
was easy at $31 50@3l 75. Aside from this there
were no new features of importance. Lake cop
per, though firm In tone, closed unchanged at
$16 60. Pig Iron warrants, quiet. Lead, quiet,
closed unchanged at $4 67% bid and . $4 72V»
aßked. Spelter was unchanged, closing quiet
at $4 60 bid and $4 60 asked. The brokers price
for lead was $4 45 and for copper $16 75.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, March 22.— CATTLE— Receipts,
9000. ' Natives— Best on sale to-day, $5 70; good
to prime, strong to 10c higher, $4 85®5 80; poor
to medium, steady to strong, M<3* 75; selected
feeders, dull, • $4<g>4 70' mixed stockers, weak,
$3 40®3 85; cows, slow to 10c lower, $3® 4 15;
heifers, best strong, others steady. $3 10(W4 60;
canners, weak to 10c lower, $1 25@2 95; bulls,
10c to 16c lower, $3 65@4 20; calves, weak, $406.
Texans— Receipts, 700; best on sale to-day, $4 50;
Texas fed steers, strong, $3 So®s; .Texas bulls,
weak. $3 10@3 60. . : '
HOGS— Receipts to-day, ¦ 26, 000:« to-morrow^
23.000, estimated. Mixed butclfers', $4 85®
5 12%; good to choice heavy. $5@5 15; ro^ugh
heavy. $4 Ss@4 95; light, $4 80@5 05; bulk of
sales, $5® 5 10. * •
SHEEP— Receipts, 12.000. Good to choice
wethers $5 60@C; fair to choice mixed, $4 750
5 60; ' Western sheep, $6 40^6 ; yearlings, $6@
6 50: native lambs, 15 25@7 30; Western lambs,
$6@7 30.
London Wool . Sales.
LONDON, March 22.— Offerings at the wool
auction sales numbered 10,723; bales. Bidding
was more spirited. : Merinos were taken prin
cipally by the home trade and the ' Continent,
America taking a small quantity. Crossbreds
were In good demand for Yorkshire and Ameri
ca. Withdrawals were again large.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. March 23. -Clearings. $183,893;
balances. $45,423.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, March 22.— The local wheat
market Is easier in tone in sympathy with
other markets. It is a somewhat uiwsual fact
for this market to exhibit any sympathy with
other markets, but this Is apparently what it
was doing to-day, as but few of the exporters
were quoting over 63c, which is supposed to be
somewhat nearer the export value. This price
will not move much wheat and a small sale
was reported at 54c, with 53@54c being bid for
some choice' valley. Bluestem. We.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 158,310 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 22.— WHEAT— Market nomi
nally unchanged. Blueetem, 52% c; club, 60 % c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. March 22.— Consols, 102%@102ti:
silver. 27Hd; French rentes, lOlf 42% c. Wheat
cargoes off coast, nominal and unchanged;
cargoes on passage, nominal and unchanged.
LIVERPOOL. March 22.— WHEAT— Firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 6 15-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 Northern spring,
6s 3d. Futures, quiet; March, nominal; May,
6s 9%d: July, 5s B%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, Ss 10d;
American mixed, old, 3s 10% d. Futures, steady;
March, 3s »%&; May, 3s »%d.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
50— Road, Work and Draft Dorses— so
£% •£*
EMPORIUM HORSE MARKET,
220 VALENCIA STREET,
THIS DAY.
FRIDAY. March 23. at 11 a. m..
By order of G. W. WELBY. we will sefl all
the horses and mares from his ranch, consist-
ing of the get of Diablo. Arrion, Tennesorlan.
Yukon, Imp. Partlzen; also some fine draft
horses and mares.
Parties wanting horses should come and ex-
amine this s toe ft aa he has spared no expend*
In raising them and offers for sale the finest
lot of driving and work horses ever offered at
auction without reserve. Horses at yard Thurs-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
Office. 327 Sixth street.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, March 22.— FLOUR— Receipts.
21.778 barrels; exports, 9C22 barrels. Almost de
moralized by the weakness In wheat and ruled
very dull, with some decline on top grades.
Winter straights, 53 45£3 55; Minnesota patents,
J3 70if3 S3.
WHEAT— Receipts, 64.500 bushels; exports,
153.305 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red. 75% c ele
vator; No. 2 red, 7S?ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1.
Northern Duluth. 75MiC f. o. b. afloat prompt;
No. 1, hard Duluth. 77% c f. o. b. afloat prompt.
Options opened weak owing to lower cables,
fine weather West, fears of large Argentine
shipments and Northwest selling, to which was
addrd free offerings for short account. In the
afternoon, however, following export rumors,
the market rallied, but again broke near the
close under realizing and was finally weak at
set decline. March. 75% c; May, 72 8-16®
72»i. closed 72»4c; July, 72Vii&72 15-16. closed
72>4c; September, 72H@72%c, closed 72V»c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, with prices
unchanged to five points lower. Sales, 7000
bags, including March, jr. S5; May, $6 SO; July,
}6 *0; September, J6 90®7; January. V 20; Feb
ruary, $7 23. Spot coffee — Rio, dull; No. 7 in
voice, S'4©S%c; No. 7 Jobbing, S%@BT». Mild-
Dull: Cordova, 9%@14i:.
SUGAR— Raw, steady to firm. Refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2377 packages, firm;
Western creamery, 2K315C; factory, 18620 c.
EGGS— Receipt*, 9102 packages, steady; West
ern at mark, 16c: Southern at mark, HJ/lCc.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March 22.— Business continues
slack in the market for evaporated apples to
day, owing to a considerable Increase in the
supply and offerings being liberal and influ
ences served to give a weak undertone. At the
close, however, prices remained unchanged.
California dried fruits were quiet, but steady.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4H«5%c; prime, 656% c; choice, 7©7% c; fancy,
7%SS^c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3H@7c per
pound.
¦ APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13015 c; Moorpark 15@18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18@22c; unpeeled, 7%®9c.
United States Coast : and Geodetlo ' Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, .entrance to San
Francisco Bay. - Published by official au-.
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun rises 6:03
Sun sets... .' 6:24
Moon rises (third quarter) 0:37 a. m.
CHICAGO, March 22.— Feeling In the wheat
pit was bearish and trade most of the session
far from lively. May opened %c under yes
terday at 65%@66c and sold off to 65%fi65Hc
during the first hour. Influenced by the heavy
Northwest receipts, lower cables and the mild
•weather. Crop conditions in the Central States
were reported unfavorable, but excellent In the
¦\\>«t.- Some long wheat came out on the de
cline, but was absorbed In sufficient quantities
around the bottom to steady the market and
with reports of a fair cash business to sup
port a reaction to 6574 c. but soon fell to 65% c.
Covering by. shorts rallied It to 65%@65%c. at
•which It closed In what was considered a
rather weak condition, %c under yesterday.
The corn market was barely steady, weak
occasionally knd at one time showed some
strength. May closed %c lower.
The trade in oats was small and that pit
much neglected. May closed a shade lower. .
The provision market waa strong and fairly
active. The opening was a' gain of 5c over
yesterday's final figure*, the influence of higher
prices at the yards being felt, liurlng the
senslon there was a sharp cash demr.nd against
which all the packers were buyers of futures'
Shorts covered freely. May pork rlosed 25@
27% c over yesterday; May lard 7VSQIOc up and
May ribs 7>i@loc Improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
NOTE— In the ebove exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast ¦ Survey charts. - except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the 'number given Is subtracted from
the depth given. by the charts. The plane of
refe-#nce !p the mean of th» lower low waters.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. t—
March «5% «6«4
May «57* 66 6JV4 - 65%
July 66% 67 66V4 66H
Corn No. 3—
March 85U
May 87 J7V4 - »6% 37
July 37H »7\4 37* 37%
September 87% »7% 17% J7%
Oats No. 3—
May 24 24 ts% U
July 22% 2S 22% 22%
Mess Pork, ocr barrel-
May 1140 1170 1140 1162%
July 11 27% 11 44 1127Vi'1140
Lard, per 100 pounds — •
May 6 12% c 17% 6 12% 6 17%
July 620 6 27% 620 625
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May ...... 620 6 27% «20 625
July 6 20 6 30 6 20 6 25
ARRIVED.
Thursday. March 23.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs. IS hours from Rockport.
Stmr Laguna, Strak. 17 hours from U*al. •
Stmr Luella, Miller. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. IS hours from
Mendoclno, etc.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brtdgett/ 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Washtenaw, Gilboy. SO hours from T»
coma.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgensen. 33 hour* from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Alcazar, GtuuJerson. U houn from
Greenwood.
Stmr Rainier. Humd, 34 days from Qray*
Harbor, in tow of tug Astoria.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwins. li hotzr* from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Gipsy. Nopander. 23 boars from Monte
rey, etc..
Tug Astoria, Olaen, SVi &»y* troa Orays Har
bor, with stmr Rainier In tow.
Schr Archie and Font!?. Johansaen. II boors
from Flska Mill.
CLEARED.
Thursday. Marob tl
Btmr State of California, Qaga, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Whaling stmr Jeonetta, Newth. whaling;
Roth. Blum & Co.. »
Br stmr Carmarthenshire. Bureh, Hongkong,
via San Diego; California and Oriental S I Co.
Brig Consoelo. Page. Mahnkora; Ch*» 2fe*
son. . '
Schr Robert ' Lowers. Oootmss, Honotsta;
Williams. Dlmond & Co.
¦ 4TT.TTV
Thursday, It*nA IX.
Etmr Wana Walla. Han. Victoria, aad Port
Town send.
Stmr Pomona. Alexander. Ban Dtsec*.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Btmr South Portland. Hall. Oyster ffaj*es\
Brig Consuelcs Page. Mairakona.
Schr Jennie Thelln, Olsen w ¦ ,
Echr Zamsa, Fetters on. Santa. itaamXfck
Bchr Mary C. Campbell. Fort Rom. "* *
Echr NeDtnne, Johnson. — — .
KETURXED,
Tnnr*4ay. Kane* O.
flchr Ocean Barer, Larsen. hm*e M*rc% H,
for Iversena i~T,Air, r ca accoaat of stroo*
SW wind.
¦ . TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March S3, 10 p nk—Weatiwr
hazy; wind Xff, Telocity 20 mile*.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. March 23— Br bark Woodbnra.
from Tacoma, arrived at Algoa Bay.. Loat
some sails and Jettisoned a portion «f e&rgo.
It la feared deck Is strained.
VICTORIA. B C March 23— etmr Cottage
City arrived from Dyes, this mornlnjr and re
ports schr Lizzie Sorenson la a total wreck
not far from Kllllsnoo, where she was caught
while beating out on the 12th lnst. and Is now
lying with her bottom broken out. Vessel to
tal loss.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March 13— Schr
Gen Banntngs, hence March 2.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 23— Schr
Excelsior, from San Diego; Br bark Con way
Castle, from Honolulu; schr G W Watson, from
Honolulu. waw«— » *"*u
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived March 23—
Schr Mary Etta, hence March IS.
USAL— Saßed March 21— Stmr Laguna, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 22— Stmr Cottage
City, from Skaguay; stmr City of Seattle, from
Skaguay; Br bark Holywood. from Honolulu.
Sailed March 21 — Stmr Rosalie, for Skaguay:
stmr AI-Kl, for Dyea. March 23— Br stmr Port
Stephens, for Manila.
ASTORlA— Arrived March 23— Etmr Geo W
Elder, hence March 20; Br ship William Law,
from Manila; Br ship Inverness-shire, from
Honolulu: schr Louis, from Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed March 21— Stmrs West
port and Aberdeen, for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived March 21— Stmr Del
Norte, hence March 20. March 22— Schr Mabel
Gray, from San Pedro: schr Bertha Dolbeer.
from San Diego. '
Sailed March 23— Stmr Del Norte. for Astoria;
stmr Samoa, for San Francisco; stmr Orizaba,
for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived March 22— Schr Ootama.
hence March 9.
CASPAR— SaiIed March 22— £tmr Cleone. for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALLAO— Sailed March 21— U 8 stmr Man
ning, for San Francisco, via Acapulco.
HONOLULU— Arrived March «— Br stmr Gae- *
lie, from Yokohama; brig W G Irwln. hence
Feb 15: Br stmr Coptic, from Yokohama.
March B—Schr8 — Schr Endeavor, from Port Townsend;
Br bark Aldebaran, from Newcastle. Aus; scbr
Roy Somers, hence Feb IS. March 9 — Schr
Ruby A Cousins, hence Feb 15. March 10— Br
bark Helen Denny, from Newcastle. March 1J
— Yacht Rover, from Apia. March 13 — Br stmr
Bloemfontetn. from Seattle, via Hllo: Jap stmr
America Mara, hence March 7. March 14— Br
stmr Warrtmoo. from Sydney. March It—
Stmr Australia, hence March T; Jap stmr
Hongkong Mara, from Yokohama.
Oft port March 9— U S stmr Thomaa, heaosj
March L
Sailed March •— Brig Harriet G, for Baa
Francisco, via Mahukona; Br ship Inverness
shlre. for Portland. 'March 7— Schr Louis, for
San Francisco. March *— Br bark Conway Cas
tle, for Royal Roads; schr Mary E Foster, for
San Francisco: schr O W Watson, for Port
Townsend. March 9— Br bark Berwickshire,
for Port Townsend: Nor bark Solvelg, for Port
Townsend. March 10— Bark Ceylon, for Saa
Francisco; ship Luclle, for San Francisco*
March 14— Jap stmr American Mara, for Yoko
hama; bktn Archer, for San Francisco. March
13— Br stmr Warrtmoo. for Victoria.
To sail March 13— Schr Jessie Minor, for Eu
reka.
NANAIMO— SaiIed March 23— Stmr Mlneola.
for Port Los Angeles.
LAHAINA— In port discharging March 5—
Bark McNear. from Tacoma; bktn Planter, hno
Feb 3.
HILO— Arrived March S— Bark Martha Davis.
hence Feb 17: bark Annie Johnson, hence Feb
20; brig Geneva, from Tacoma: bktn Oeo C
Perkins, from Eureka. March %— Schr Spo
kane, from Port Gamble. March 11— Ship
Henry Glllard, from Honolulu.
Sailed March s— Stmr Conemaugh. for Ma
nila. March 9 — Stmr Leelanaw. for Manila.
March 13— Schr John 1} Tallant, for Port Town
send. March 14 — Schr A M Baxter, for Saa
Francisco.
In port March «— Schr John D Tallant. ship
John McDonald; Haw shlj> Falls of Clyde, schr
A M Baxter, bark Martha Davis, bark Annie
Johnson, brig Geneva, bktn Geo C Perkins.
KAHULUI— In port March 9— Haw bark Nuu
anu, schr Dora Bluhm. Br ship Antiooe. schr
Novelty, schr Helen N KlmbaJL bktn Che
halls.
CUXHAVEN— Passed March 18— Oer bark Al
setrntxe.'from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived March 20— Stmr City
of Rio de Janeiro, hence Feb 7.
HAMBURG— SaiIed March IS— Ger ship Rou
denbek. for Puget Sound.
SHIELDS— SaiIed March 30— Br shis An
drada. for Santa Rosalia.
OCEAN STEAMERS. • /
NEW YORK— Arrived March 23— Stmr Cali
fornia, from Naples, etc.
Sailed March 22— Stmr La Gascogne, for
Havre: stmr H H Meier, for Bremen.
VLADIVOSTOK — Arrived March 23— Stmr
Ness, from Portland. Or.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived March 23— Stmr
Wa*sland. from Philadelphia, for -Liverpool:
stmr Ultonla. from Boston, for Liverpool, and
proceeded,
pool, for New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived March 23— Stmr Pre
toria, from New York, for Hamburg, and pro
ceeded. - • ...
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. S uprlngr wheat, 61»4@65c: No. 1
red, <r/KC»6Bc: ~Ko. 2 corn, 36\4(J3«94c: No. 2
oats. 24<224Uc; No. 2 white. 26>4@26\e; No. 3
whits, 2GS-26V4c: No. 2 rye. 54@55c; No. I bar
ley, 38@42c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 €o; prime timothy
seed, J2 35#2 50; mess pork, per barrel, $11 ©
11 62%; lard; per 100 pounds, J6©6 15; short ribs
sides (loose). S6 15@6 40: dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 6'4®6>/4c: Bhort c i ear gldei (boxed),
J6 40Q6 50: whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon, n 2*%. Sugars— Cut loaf. 6c; granu
lated, 5.44 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 63,000 56,000
Wheat, bushels 58,000 : . 161,000
Corn, bushels ...338.000 ~ 112.000
Oats, bushels .245,000 185,000
Rye. bushel* 10.000 4.000
Barley, bushels '. ....60,000 29,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: ; creamery,' l»@24c: dairy,
16ig22c Cheese, firm, 12ffl3c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 12c. - ¦
8
3 Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• HW L.W HW LW
iTT.. 3:20 5.1 10:47 0.4 6:16 .4.1 10:55 Tl
!4 ... 4:31 6.0 11:52 0.4 7:15 4.4
L, W H W L. W H W
!S ... 0:14 3.2 5:51 5.0 12:52 0.4 8:02 4.1
!6 ... 121 1.7 7:11 5.1 1:48 0.4 8:45 {.(
!7 ... 2:13 2.1 8:24 5.2 2:37 0.5 9:25 5.i
>S ... -3:11 1.4 9:29 5.3 3:29 0.7 10:01 6.1
» ... 4:00 0.8 10:29 5.4 4:11 1.0 '10:39 5.1
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City of Puebla.
Hongk'ng Maru
Samoa ••
Orizaba I
Corona
Czarina I
Empire •
.Willamette
Robt. A damson
Crescent City...
Tellua
Uonlta . .....
Geo. W. . Elder.
Arcata
Australia
Matteawan ....
Progreso '
Pomona '. .'.
Queen
Bristol .........
Warfleld' ;......
Point Arena.:..
Curacao
North F0rk.....
Coos Bay...
City of Sydney.
State of Ca1....
Victoria ft Puget Sound Mar. 23
China and Japan Mar. 23
Humboldt ;..... Mar. 23
Humboldt Mar. 23
San Diego .". Mar. 24
Pugret Sound Mar. 2t
Coos Buy. Mar. 21
Seattle Mar. 24
Xanalmo.. Mar. 24
Crescent City... ...... Mar. 2S
Oyster Harbor... Mar. 23
Newp0rt........*.......;.;. Mar. 26
F0rt1nnd......: Mar. 2»
Coos Bay ; Mar. 26
Honolulu.. .; ;.. Mar. 27
Tacoma ; Mar. 27
Tacoma Mar. 27
Sun Diego ............. Mar. 2)*
Victoria A Puget Sound Mar. 2S
Oyster Harbor Mar. 2S
Oyster Harbor.... Mar. 2S
Point Arena....".....'..... Mar. 29
Mexic0........:.:.... Mar. 29
Humb01dt................. Mar. 23
Newport..... Mar. 3D
Panama. Mar. 30
Portland Mar. 31
Steamer.
Destination.
Salli.
Pier.
Gaelic ......
Hathor
Car 1 th" shir
Hlate or Cat
Cooa Bay...
Pt. Arena..
Ist. Marlscal
North Fork
Aloha .....".
Coqullle Rv
Samoa
Orizaba ....
Centennial .
C. t Nelson:.
Corona .V—
Umatilla ..
Bonita .....
colon rfetr.
Arcata .....
Columbia ..
Pomona ....
Santa I Rosa
Chlna&Japan
Hamburg. ••'•:.
China & japan
Portlrnd......
Newport....*..
Point Arena..
Mexico, r. .....
Humboldt.....
Crescent City.
Grays Harbor
Humboldt.....
Humboldt...;.
Kahuhil. :.....
Ma ka we 11.....
San D1e^0.".;..
Vie A P*t Sd.
Newport.......
Panama.".. ..r.
Cooa 8ay.......
P0rt1and.......
San D1ee0.....
San Diego.;:.;
Mar. 23. Ipm
Mar; 23. 10 am
Mar. 23. 10 am
Mar. 24. 10 am
Mar. 24. 9am
Mar. 24. -2 pm
Mar. 24, 4pm
Mar. 24. 9am
Mar. 24, 3pm
Mar. 24,
Mar. 26, 10 am
Mar. 25. 2pm
Mar. 25. 12 .. m
Mar. 25, 12 m
Mar. 26. 11 am
Mar. 27, 10 am
Mar. 25," 9 am
Mar. 28. 12 . m
Mar. 28. 12 '? m
Mar: 29. 10 am
Mar. 30. 11 am
Mar. 30, 11 am
PMSS
Pier I
Plerr
Pier I
Pier 1
Pier :
Pier 1
Pier :
Pier 2
Pier I
Pier :
Pier: :
Pier I :
Plerl
Pier !
Pier 1
PMSS
Pier l;
Pier 2
Pierl
Plerl
Steamer.
Destination.
Salli.
Pier.
Gaelic ......
Hathor
Car 1 th" shir
Hlate or Cat
Cooa Bay...
Pt. Arena..
Ist. Marlscal
North Fork
Aloha .....".
Coqullle Rv
Samoa
Orizaba ....
Centennial .
C. t Nelson:.
Corona .V—
Umatilla ..
Bonita .....
colon rfetr.
Arcata .....
Columbia ..
Pomona ....
Santa I Rosa
Chlna&Japan
Hamburg. ••'•:.
China & japan
Portlrnd......
Newport....*..
Point Arena..
Mexico, r. .....
Humboldt.....
Crescent City.
Grays Harbor
Humboldt.....
Humboldt...;.
Kahuhil. :.....
Ma ka we 11.....
San D1e^0.".;..
Vie A P*t Sd.
Newport.......
Panama.".. ..r.
Cooa 8ay.......
P0rt1and.......
San D1ee0.....
San Diego.;:.;
Mar. 23. Ipm
Mar; 23. 10 am
Mar. 23. 10 am
Mar. 24. 10 am
Mar. 24. 9am
Mar. 24. -2 pm
Mar. 24, 4pm
Mar. 24. 9am
Mar. 24, 3pm
Mar. 24,
Mar. 26, 10 am
Mar. 25. 2pm
Mar. 25. 12 .. m
Mar. 25, 12 m
Mar. 26. 11 am
Mar. 27, 10 am
Mar. 25," 9 am
Mar. 28. 12 . m
Mar. 28. 12 '? m
Mar: 29. 10 am
Mar. 30. 11 am
Mar. 30, 11 am
PMSS
Pier I
Plerr
Pier I
Pier 1
Pier :
Pier 1
Pier :
Pier 2
Pier I
Pier :
Pier: :
Pier I :
Plerl
Pier !
Pier 1
PMSS
Pier l;
Pier 2
Pierl
Plerl
3 Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• HW L.W HW LW
iTT.. 3:20 5.1 10:47 0.4 6:16 .4.1 10:55 Tl
!4 ... 4:31 6.0 11:52 0.4 7:15 4.4
L, W H W L. W H W
!S ... 0:14 3.2 5:51 5.0 12:52 0.4 8:02 4.1
!6 ... 121 1.7 7:11 5.1 1:48 0.4 8:45 {.(
!7 ... 2:13 2.1 8:24 5.2 2:37 0.5 9:25 5.i
>S ... -3:11 1.4 9:29 5.3 3:29 0.7 10:01 6.1
» ... 4:00 0.8 10:29 5.4 4:11 1.0 '10:39 5.1
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City of Puebla.
Hongk'ng Maru
Samoa ••
Orizaba I
Corona
Czarina I
Empire •
.Willamette
Robt. A damson
Crescent City...
Tellua
Uonlta . .....
Geo. W. . Elder.
Arcata
Australia
Matteawan ....
Progreso '
Pomona '. .'.
Queen
Bristol .........
Warfleld' ;......
Point Arena.:..
Curacao
North F0rk.....
Coos Bay...
City of Sydney.
State of Ca1....
Victoria ft Puget Sound Mar. 23
China and Japan Mar. 23
Humboldt ;..... Mar. 23
Humboldt Mar. 23
San Diego .". Mar. 24
Pugret Sound Mar. 2t
Coos Buy. Mar. 21
Seattle Mar. 24
Xanalmo.. Mar. 24
Crescent City... ...... Mar. 2S
Oyster Harbor... Mar. 23
Newp0rt........*.......;.;. Mar. 26
F0rt1nnd......: Mar. 2»
Coos Bay ; Mar. 26
Honolulu.. .; ;.. Mar. 27
Tacoma ; Mar. 27
Tacoma Mar. 27
Sun Diego ............. Mar. 2)*
Victoria A Puget Sound Mar. 2S
Oyster Harbor Mar. 2S
Oyster Harbor.... Mar. 2S
Point Arena....".....'..... Mar. 29
Mexic0........:.:.... Mar. 29
Humb01dt................. Mar. 23
Newport..... Mar. 3D
Panama. Mar. 30
Portland Mar. 31Starr Confesses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN ANDREAS, March 22.— James
Starr, the young man who held up the
Copperopolls and Milton stage on Monday,
has weakened and confessed. He said; he
.was drunk when he committed the crime
but that he realized the officers had suf
ficient evidence to convict him and that
he bad.no desire to give the . authorities
unnecessary .trouble and ¦ would ,y throw
himself on the mercy of the court. Starr
has been held in $3000 bonds to answer, in
default of which he. ls in jail.
Quarrel Ends in Murder.
BAKER CITY, Or., March 22.— Thomas
Eagleton was shot and killed to-day at
Granite, a mining town fifty miles from
here, by Frank Turner and Thomas' Kee
' ton. The parties became Involved .In a.
quarrel in a ' gambling house and i saloon
and » all started to leave the . place when
Turner shot Eagleton through . the heart.
He staggered acros* the street and'Kee
ton shot him through the head just before
he fell. Turner and Keeton are under ar
rest. isnHHiflMnHnl
f.TATIONEQ AND PRINTE3.
ae.gr.phic partridge *" < *S2C IU
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, S&JFgSgS
iiABOSDCOAL MINING CO.. Et Its GREEN
KIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal In th»
irark»-t. Office and Yard* — (SO &fatn street.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. 6upt. H. BLTTH. Mgr.
C Vk' CIIITH Ehs P Plumbing, Steamboat
\r W - 2>:)\ I 11. and Ship Work a Specialty. U
. ~.c If W'a-.hir.cicQ Et. Telephone Main 6441.
VOLNEY ASHFORD
ONCE LED THE
HAWAIIAN ARMY
OAKLAND. March 22.— There was one little act that
concluded the Elks' circus carnival week which was
not on any programme, and which four gentlemen
In Oakland are to-day wishing had not been
"pulled off." That little act cost three flowing mustaches
and one luxuriant scalplock. The mourners are County
Assessor Dalton, minus one half . a mustache: Coroner
Mehrmann, minus nearly all that nature had left him in
the way of hair; Dr. Haleey, mustache gone; H. 8. Pugh
After the concluding act of the circus last night
"Billy" Matthews, who has been one of the leading spirits
of the circus, Invited a little party to his house for a mid
night supper. Things ran along smoothly until Assessor
Dalton began to make remarks.about Coroner Mehrmann,
who recently lost his beard on a bet. Now the
has been subjected to an unusual amount of J° sm "&
about his missing beard, and the subject had become
HORRIBLE MURDER BY
A FIENDISH NEGRO
Kills a Woman and Her Daughter
and Then Fires the House, Four
Babes Being Consumed.
RALEIGH, N. C, March 22.— A negro,
Tom Jones, commonly known In the coun
try as "Preacher Jones," this morning
murdered Ella Jones and her oldest
daughter, Ida. with an ax and then set
fire to the beds In which lay the bodies
of his victims and four sleeping children,
ranging in years from a babe one month
old to the largest boy. who was not more
than five. The four children were burned
to death. The crime was committed at
Grrners a little town five miles east of
here. The murderer, according to the
story of little seven-year-old Laura Jones,
who escaped with her younger sister, de
liberately struck the mother four times
and then made two cuts into the body of
the oldest child. He then fired the house.
When the people heard the story of
the murder they went to Jones' house to
arrest him. They found that his clothes
still bore stains of fresh blood and that
his hands were covered with blood.
Huntington Inspects Roads.
Special rHspatch.to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 22.— President
Collis P. Huntington of the Southern Pa
cific is expected to. arrive in Los Angeles
on his special train some time between
Saturaay and Monday. Mr. Huntington
Is now inspecting the Sonora branch of
the system running from Benson to Guay
mas that was acquited from the Santa Fe.
A part of the time passed In Mexico will
he consumed in inspecting the coal fields
recently secured. It is stated at the gen
eral offices that Mr. Huntington will re
main in this vicinity two days, thence go
to ¦ Santa Barbara to inspect the coast
line work and later proceed north via
Saugus. ,
Chief More Resigns.
LOS ANGELES, March 22.— Walter 8.
More has resigned as the head of the Fire
Department and will retire J from official
life as soon as his successor can be
chosen, which will be on or before April
L His resignation was presented at the
special meeting of the Fire Commission
held this afternoon, and by that body ac
cepted promptly and unanimously. They
further decided, however, to proceed vig
orously with the investigation of depart
mental frauds and will assist the finance
committee of the council to the. utmost In
its endeavor to ferret out the guilty par
ties and bring them to punishment.
Will Defy the Law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 22.— The
owners of the Canadian steamer Alpha
cay that they will send their vessel ,J, J the
first one to Cape Nome, leaving early in
April, notwithstanding the fact that per
mission for her trip has been refused by
the Department of State at Washington.
The owners say they will put their pas
sengers off in boats beyond the three
mile limit- if necessary, and will land
them without taking their own * steamer
into seizable waters. Colonel Dudley said
to-day in an interview that - there was a
possibility of the services of -. a . revenue
cutter being called Into requisition.';.;
Charge Fraudulent Insolvency.
Special Diepatcb to The Call. . „ ."¦-;,
SAN: JOSE, March 22.— Twelve separate
suits containing, ¦ sensational .;; charges '¦; of
fraud and false swearing were begun in
the Superior Court to-day to have adjudi
cation of insolvency of Mrs. Emily Yoell,
wife of J. Alexander Yoell, capitalist, set
aside, ¦by the . First ¦ National Bank, and
eleven ¦ other creditors, whose claims ag
gregate nearly $10,000. ;, August 30, 1597, Mrs.
Yoell- filed a petition in insolvency. '
Body Identified.
ASTORIA, 0r.,, March 22.— The body
found floating in the river here yesterday
was to-day ; identified ; as ; that of s W..*R.
Lovelace, for ; many years an engineer on
the Sacramento division of the : Southern
Pacific. It is ; supposed ? he ; drowned him
self on February 23, } as <he r as . not . been
seen eince • that date. , > A heavy piece sof
Iron , was . tied to the body • when . it was
picked up. ..
Railway Fare Raised.
, LOS -ANGELES, March 22.-The an
nouncement was ; made C to-day! that* pas
senger /rates from Los Angeles to San
Francisco ' are raised $2, from $18 to $16.
ADMINISTERED AN OATH TO
HIMSELF BEFORE A MIRROR
OAKLAND, March 22.— Deputy County Clerk Julius Clement Arnold Is
versatile If he Is anything, and one of the chief featnres In wisicji be dif
fers from all deputy clerks Is that he performed the remarkable feat ot
registering himself as a yote v r In person. Whether his r*gi«tratlon will
stand the crucial test of the ever eager challenger at the polls Is a»matter that
'County Clerk Jordan Is now debating.
Arnold was recently appointed a deputy for registration purpows, and as a
precaution that his name be not omitted £rom the Great Register; and bavins
at hand the necessary implements with which voters are finally rounded off,
he registered himself. The registration blank, filled out with his name, age at
26, occupation as an editor, nativity lowa and residence as 2000 Dwlght way.
Third Ward. Ninth Precinct, was received at the County Clerk's office to-day,
with the usual appendage, "Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 21st day
of March, 1900. Frank C. Jordan, clerk; J..C. Arnold, deputy clerk." In order
to swear himself Arnold stood before a mirror and administered tho usual
oath.
NOW A FIGHT TO OUST
LAWYER GOODFELLOW
Counter Demonstration From Forces of
Bishop and Wheeler/
Charges Against Attorney Earl Declared to Have
Been Annulled by the Admissions of the
Accusing Counselors. ' «
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 22.
\\ 'W UIIXTU llXT a PP earG< l to be a mere eklr
' W\// mi6h beiween the opposing coun
\f^ sel In the Varney trust contest
has developed into a veritable
l>attle-royal between giants in th« legal
profession of this State. The general en
gagement was precipitated to-day during
the hearing of Attorney W. S. Goodfel
kiw'o charges against Attorney Guy C.
Karl of the firm of Bishop & Wheeler.
Sensation after sensation was developed
and the climax to the day of fighting was
in the notice which Mr. Wheeler gave
that he would move to have Mr. Goodfel
low disqualified from appearing for the
' truetee* upon the ground that he was act
ing in the same dual role of standing on
both tildes of the case which he had Im
puted to the firm of Bishop & Wheelet.
Besides that. Mr. Wheeler declared that
his antagonist has practically withdrawn
liis accusations against Senator Earl by
admitting that the Varney case had been
taken to the firm of Bishop & Wheeler
through the independent action of "Attor
ney Treat. He declared the withdrawal
should be accompanied by an apology,
which Mr. Goodfellow refused to give,
reiterating his allegation and throwing
<iown the srauntlet lor a continuance of
the struggle.
Attorney Goodfellow announced that
he would withdraw as counsel for T. H.
Is. Varney in the latter's Individual capac
ity, but he proposed to fight out his posi
tion as the counsel for the trustee*.
Mr. Wheeler went to the attack upon
Good fellow with the opening of court this
morning. He placed his opponent on the
witness stand and went into a lengthy
examination concerning Goodfellow's re
lations &f attorney for the trustees and
the Varney eetat*. Goodfellow said he
had declined to appear In the suit of
Trustees Pitcher and Taylor against
Trustee Varney to recover the $23,000 there
at Issue because he was counsel for all of
the trustees and the estate. It was shown
that the present suit is one of heirs and
beneficiaries under Thomas Varney's will
against the trustees. During the exami
nation Judge Ogden asked Attorney Good
fellow:
"Yeu appear for the whole estate and
the heirs also, do you not?"
"Yes. I represent the entire estate." re
plied Goodfellow.
"Then. I take It," declared Judge Og
den, "that If Bishop & Wheeler are dis
qualified In this case you also would be
oipQUßiifled. In the. former case you rep
r*e<yned the trustees and the estate. In
the present action you are appearing"
against the heirs end beneficiaries."
¦ "If the court holds that view of the.
rase I am willing to withdraw. If your
Honors will consult upon the matter I
will be Fatssfied if all of the attorneys are
unqualified."
After Goodfellow said he wor.!d not rep
resent Trustee Varney in the tatter's in
dividual capacity because of the 123,000
pending John W. Varney corroborated
Attorney Treat's statement of the way he
was given clarge nf the litigation for the
lieirp. Attorney William Rlx, also asso
ciated with the firm of Bishop & Wheeler,
testified he would be in the-contest.
After the coon recess the attorneys went
to anrument. Mr. Goodfellow dwelt at
length upon the strict rules laid down by
the Supreme Court for the conduct of at
torneys and Bald: "If they were'observed
there would be a higher standard of mor
ality at th* bar than now exists."
He contended that he had shown that
Attorney Earl's position justified his
charges and then added:
"I am pleased to hear of Mr. Treat's
ronneetlcn v/Uh th<? case. He came into
It independently, and I believe It woulfl
miNTI.NJ.
[• C MImES. JU Sansome St.. 8. P.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.'
Catalogues and Price Lists Mall a i
on Application.
Nethersole Indicted.
i^NEW, -YORK, 'March 22.— The ¦ Grand
Jury ? to-day / reported an indictment
against Olga Nethersole, '* Theodore . Moss,
Marcus' Mayer •; and • ¦; Hamilton < Kevelle,
charging ' them < with-: offending ; public de
cency- i> In 'M the V: production • of * the t: play
vSapho,'™ at * Wallack's '.Theater; 5 , of which
Mr. Mom Is the manager.
REYNOLD'S
Gout or Rheumatism, If oa the first approach
(A tJie noroxykni they have recourse to this rem-
£dv ¦ ttwn, a slnple df*e Is often sufficient
— •JavuZVJk A CO., 30.30 X. M IWam bU i V, X.
Jeffries Coming North.
¦".,' LOS ANGELES, - March ¦ 22 —Champion
Jim "Jeffries,; accompanied' by i his brother
Jack,' ! left to-night for ; San V Francisco/
where he T will remain* a • couple : of ; days,
after, which with Tomrayißyan hewill-go
to Chicago, where another, short stop will
be made, ? and thence ato L Asbury ; Park,
where j training quarters wilJ be ¦ estab
lished.. ' .;:'¦'..-".' r'j.'y. :..¦¦..-¦•
Delegates to Grand Parlor.
Special Dispatch to , The Call.
WOODLAND. March 22.— At a. regular
meeting of Woodland Parlor No. 30,
N. VS. G. W., held Wednesday
Mayor A. M. Britt. E. ,T. Hampton and
Supervisor Fredericks were elected dele
gates to the Grand Parlor, which meets in
Oroville in April.' _: : . _ ,
In the Divorce Court.
Annie E. White has been granted a di
vorce from William J. White on the
ground of willful desertion. Suits for di
vorce have been filed by Emma Louise
Wilson against George F. Wilson, for de
sertion; Pauline Nevins against Charles
F Nevins. -for desertion, and J." H. Lyt
gens against Bertha C. Lytgens, for de
sertion.
A visit OR. JORDAN'S great A
itiiISEUH OF AHATQMW
T Q^ Th e L* r S» e «? *natooic»l Museum in the \
A $eJ£pA 03. J3MAH-P3JVATE DISEASES^
V r(t iR* B CoMullttioo fr*r and ttrictly pnrtte \
X I jV&f fl Tn i-nici.t !<rrior..iHy <j by len«. A a
\ r 7 M n Iw ¦'"* t ' ure " i ever >' CI " ur.Jeriiken, \
df< if llOi »'i«( (w »«k. PBILttMII'BVcI 4
?" U !'• Jtt*«ltlAti»".. MAILED FREE. (Af
A if i valiuMe Cisk (or mm) \
Cruelty to a Horse.
: L.., Salvador, driver. for A. Satty, a wine
merchant at Twenty-third * and -Bryant
streets, who was arrested on Wednesday
night on a charge of cruelty to ' animalb
failed i to", appear in Judge Conlan'a court
yesterday when the case, was -called, and
his iball of $10 was declared forfeited. = A
bench-warrant : was -issued for;his arrest
and he was taken Into custody yesterday
afternoon. \The harness taken ;¦ off ; the
horse; was -produced in court/and it \\&s
covered with, blood from sores on the ani
mal's shoulders. ? ¦:
Child's Body Found.
The body of a male child was found last
night in a doorway in the rear of the
Cosmopolitan Hotel at Fifth and Minna
streets by John Condon. and Robert Mc-
Kay, two boys. An examination made at
the Morgue by the deputies failed to dis
close whether the child had died before
or after birth, and an autopsy will be
held. The little body had been carefully
wrapped up in a newspaper, and ¦ must
have lain on the doorstep for a couple of
days.
Another Hole in the Charter.
M. Less, real estate agent, charged with
obtaining money by false pretenses, . can
not get released from the City Prison, as
Botid Clerk Perry refuses to accept bond 3
for him as his bondsmen own property in
Tehama and Alameda counties and not In
this city and ; county, as : required by the
new; charter. : Attorney Nagle, for Less,
yesterday applied for a writ of habeas
corpus for Less' release, with the object
of testing the constitutionality -of the
charter clause, contending that In a felony
case - it ' does • not matter where the prop
erty of sureties Is situated If It is within
the State. Judge Cook will hear the argu
ment this morning. ;:
Merchant and Fruit-Grower Insolvent
Norton, Teller & Roden, Hills Bros,
and Leege & U ask ins applied to the
United States District Court yesterday to
have W. J. Hosking of Grass Valley
declared an Insolvent debtor. They alleged
in their petition that Hosking, on March
15, committed an act of insolvency by
transferring his stock of merchandise and
personal property to Harriet Hosking,
with Intent to defraud his creditors. It is
allpged that he owes the petitioners $605.
William A. Lemon, orchardlst and mer
chant, residing at Gil roy, filed a petition
In insolvency yesterday, stating his lia
bilities as $1325 73. He has no assets. .
THE LATE VOL.NET ASHFORD.
, Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 22.
Volney V. Ashford, who died in this city
last evening, was 'a man I most intimately
connected with Hawaiian history and with
his death closed a remarkable career. ,
Volney V." Ashford was born at Port
Hope/ Canada,' fifty-three years ago. Early
in his youtrr he ' went ' to New York and
took -up the study of law. -He served, In
the Twenty-first New, York Regiment of
Cavalry in the ' civil war and was honor
ably discharged in September, 1865, as a
second lieutenant," when but IS. years old.
In 18S4 he went to Honolulu, where his
brother, Clarence W. Ashford, had been
practicing law for , several years. : There
his capabilities were . recognized by King
Kalakaua, who presented him with letters
of denization and shortly afterward made
him the royal legal adviser. Ashfdrd was
an important factor in the first revolution
in Hawaii In 1886. when Wilcox was striv
ing to overthrow the reign and govern
ment of King Kalakaua.; He was organ
izer of the Honolulu Rifles, a militia com
pany, composed of Americans and English
men, and was for some time colonel com
manding of the Hawaiian- army. - It" was
to him that , Wilcox finally surrendered.
In 1890, when Liliuokalani was In power,
there was < another., uprising and Ashford
always }. afterward i claimed that during
that insurrection he intended carrying out
the very plans that * Dole since executed.
Ashford, even iin' his last' days/ declared
that Dole had -proved traitor to him and
his cause; had betrayed his confidence and
exposed hls'plans.'; ThecQueen, at that
time.t was made $ aware of Ashf ord's mo
tives, and threatened - to. have him. be
headed,, but influential friends : interceded
and managed to smuggle him away from
the. islands aboard one of the -.Wilder .ves-'
sels. v? .y }.'¦ -••-¦¦¦: ¦*-¦;•"¦'' :.-.::."v.<-- '?¦ •¦ ¦ • ¦- -¦--,¦ ¦¦•. i,- ¦'
Dole was one of. those/ Ashford claimed,
who : Instigated - the ¦ successful -' revolution
that terminated In '1892 with the hoisting
of the American i flag and the " establish
ment of a provisional government, v
i After Aehford • had returned . to the fsl
ands and in 1 1895, ? when | the last insurrec
tion-was^ on,, he was •: accused by -W." O.
Smith,' Attorney General for the Dole ad
ministration, - and by Dole • himself '¦ with
misprlsion of, treason— a guilty knowledge
of ; the /revolution. 4 Ashford,'
though very ill *at the \ time, was i thrown
into ; prison, denied ; his I regular; physician,
summarily: tried; by drumhead;court'mar
tial ; and on = conviction y sentenced ; to f- one
year's imprisonment v and to ¦a * fine
of 51000." fie ; had ? always •• claimed , that • he
was 1 convicted ; on | the ;¦. sole ; testimony ": ot
Sam - Nolan, > whom ? he <¦ termed ? a . traitors
and Captain ' Davis, - whom he regarded -as
; a good-for-nothing Englishman. In April,
1895, " Ashford was < released c from v prison,'
but t.with i his , release • came ¦ exile -> 4 an<i '¦ he
was .warned never, to, set foot on Hawaiian
soil again.'.?,. Since ¦ arriving, here :tne ¦'Ash
fords have resided at 254 East Seventeenth
street, s The widow and an only son, Percy
Ashford. Burviv«. I
PAYMASTER PERKINS
IS DANGEROUSLY ILL
OAKLAND. March 22.— Word has been
received, that Fred Perkins, payjnaster on
the, United States ship .Yorktown, on duty
in Philippine ¦ waters, is returning to his
Oakland home dangerously 111. , Fred Per
kins is^ the son ,; of : United States Senator
Perkins, and was appointed I a paymaster
In the navy and '. assigned to the Tprk
town,. with ¦ which vessel he was when
Lieutenant Gillmore was captured. ¦ «:
- The ' climatic ' conditions ;¦ did not agree
with young Perkins, and he was reported
so ill with fever that It would be Impossi
ble even to send him home. He has re
covered somewhat, so thai It was decided
to ¦• send him home 'on a transport, even
though the surgeons said that he was
hardly fit for the trip.
Took His Jewels and Shoes.
Joseph Ripp, a young man, was arrest
*>d la« night by Detectives Ryan and
ODea and charged with robbery on com
plaint of B. Tyrrell of 1711 California
street. According to Tyrrell's story he
met Ripp last Sunday night and they
Btartfd off to have "a good time." After
visiting a number of saloons Tyrrell fell
asleep, and when he awoke several hours
later his gold watch, three rings and his
shoes were gone.
Tyrrell thinks Ripp gave him a "knock
out drop" and robbed him after he feli
asleep from the effects of the deadly" po
tion. Ripp denies his guilt and. claims
he will be able to establish his innoo-nce
when the case is heard in the Police Court.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
T4^ FflYF^£f,fl Shlpplne Butchers. 104
J\y DIMLOiX Wl-i Clay. Tel. Mala 1294.
PAPER DEALERS.
UfT I IHFTTP PLXP AND PAPER CO..
niLLAITILI IL> 722 Montgomery st.
Mrs. Conrad Testifies.
HOLLISTER. March 22.— 1n the Mans
field case Mrs. Conrad was on the stand
all day. She testified to the intimacy ex
isting between herself and the defendant
and the manner in. which her suspicion.-*
were directed toward the defendant as the
author of the letters. The testimony was
devoid of any Interest, as the principal
part of the day was taken up with th&
witness identifying scraps of paper and
letters as being In the defendant's hand
writing.
HIGHWAYMEN MAKE A
PROFITABLE HAUL
OAKLAND, March 22.— C. C. Baum
gartner reported to the police to-night
that he was held up by two footpads
shortly after 10 o'clock this evening on
Eighth street, near Madison, and robbed
of $125 and a gold watch. Baumgartner
said one man grabbed him by the throat,
the other holding a pistol at his head and
rifling his pockets. He gave a meager de
scription of the highwaymen. Baum
gartner resides at 51 Eighth street. He
said he had collected the money at the
Charges of Cruelty.
OAKLAND. March 22.— Cruelty la al
leged In a divorce suit brought by Hattie
F. Long against Georse W. Long. D.
Mltchfll appears as attorney for plaintiff.
COAL. COKB AND PIO IRON.
f r HIT SftV H- Cf\ * 00 Battery Street.
.'• V nlLiVi'i X LU-tTelephoEe Main 1564.
Died of Appendicitis.
ALAMEDA, March 22-r-Theodore Flat
land, an employe of the Oakland Transit
Company, died last evening after an
operation performed for ' appendicitis.
Fiatland was taken sick -wtrOe at his work
Sunday night. Yesterday the operation
was performed, from th/e effects of which
the patient did not rally. Deceased waa
a native of Wisconsin, ajjed 23 years. The
funeral will be held at Vallejo Saturday.
HOLD UP AND SEARCH
CHINESE MERCHANTS
Consul General Ho Vow Protests to
Commissioners' Against Summary
Action of the Police. -
Attorney Bennett, acting for the Chi
nese Consul, General Ho Vow, yesterday
filed a complaint which will lead to a test
case to ascertain If^Chinese can be held
up in the streets and searched for lottery
tickets and other evidences of gambling.
A-merchant named Mow, whose place of
business Is on Commercial street, claims
that recently he was held up and searched
by an officer while he was en route to
the Customs-house with' papers from the
Consul. .
Complaint has been made to the Po
lice Commissioners,' and later the matter
will be tested in the courts. The Chinese
claim protection on. constitutional grounds
and say that the provision declaring that
there shall be no. unreasonable search is
sufficient to prevent the officers - from
standing them up in the streets without
search warrants.- ¦
UNITED WORKMEN
MUST PAY THE CLAIM
Judge Belcher Decides Rigby's Suit
Brought to Test Validity
of a By-Law. .
Jndge Belcher yesterday rendered judg
ment in favor of W. Rigby Jr. and against
the Grand Lodge. Ancient Order of United
Workmen, of California. . Rigby sued
the order to recover on a policy held by
William McLaughlin, a deceased member.
The order refused to pay the policy on the
ground that McLaughlin had engaged in
the occupation of selling intoxicating
liquors some time before his death, which
was contrary to the by-laws of the order.
Judge Belch«*r holds that at the time Mc-
Laughlin joined the order the by-laws did
not prohibit a member from engaging in
the liquor bu?iness, and furthermore thai
as the laws of the State do not prohibit
the selling of liquor the defendant order
had no right to tack on a condition that
would have the effect to cancel its obli
gation. Judgment was therefore entered
in favor of the plaintiff.
Mrs. Pater White's Death.
ALAMEDA, March 23.— Mrs. Peter
White, whose death took .place at Taeoma
on the 20th, was a well-known residenc
of Alameda. She vras a member of the
Red Cross Society and the Alameda
Women's Charitable Association and con
tributed largely to charity. The family
residence is at 2219 . Santa vaara avenue.
Mrs. White left a widower; Peter White,
the hardwood lumberman of San Fran
cisco; a daughter. Mrs. Charles G. Deb
ney; a brother Edward A- Thornton, and
two sisters, Mrs. Fred Linderman and
Mrs. A. L. White. She was a native of
Chile, Where she was t>orn of English
parents, fifty years airo. The remains
will be brought j to Alameda and the
funeral held from the late residence.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
BERKELEY, March 23.— The fol
lowing committee of the sophomore
class has been appointed to receive
at Mrs. Hearst's receptions: Misses Grace
Boggs, Florence Hudson, M. P. Demaree.
Elise Nenzelburger, Vero White, and
Messrs. Roy Carter. J. J. Eppinger, Harry
Kleugel, Dv Ray Smith and Robert
Mrs. Hearst entertained the members
of the cast of the charter day play at
dinner last evening.
The various classes will assemble at
appointed places to-morrow and march in
a body to the gymnasium, where the char
ter day exercises will be held.
A banquet will probably be given by
the faculty to Professor Moses upon his
return from ' Washington, where he ¦ went
to consult with President McKlnley re
garding the Philippine Commission. The
banquet will be given at the University
Club. San- Francisco.
Director August Hinrichs has announced
that his orchestra will give a concert from
10 to 10:30 o'clock to-morrow morning In
the gymnasium Immediately preceding
the charter day exercises.
Potrero in Ban Franclfico to-day and be
lieved he was followed by the two mys
terious robbers.
eomewhat painful.: Even the worm will turn, and no
sooner had the Assessor opened up his batteries of ridi
cule than he was seized and thrown on the floor and held
there while "the Coroner cut away one half of the Dalton
lip decoration. - But the mustache clipping did not stop
there. The Elks realized that Dr. Halsey and H. S. Pugh
were becoming somewhat vain, and they were • similarly
shorn. j
The Coroner was In high' glee over the sweeping suc
cess of his campaign of vengeance ,'but his mirth was
shortlived, for his three victims suddenly united against
the common enemy, and while two of them held him the
third cut his hair in the most approved Indian scalping
style. •;:; .;. ; "•¦; V . •¦¦'. -•' ¦-• ¦¦
¦ Assessor Dalton swears he will be still further
revenged; that he will make the Coroner pay double poll
tax. The Coroner retaliates by saying he has the last
drop on all men, and the others should beware..
be perfectly right ior him to go on but
J°r the contract he has with Bishop <&
\\ heeler and the heirs. To my mind he
Is disqualified. So long as that contract
exists chere is a temptation to furnish
confidential information."
Attorney Goodfellow quoted from a de
cision of the Supreme Court in the case
ot 3. F. Cowdery and D. H. Whittemoro,
who were disbarred. In replying Mr.
Wheeler said:
At the outset 1 desire to say that it
may ue conceded we agree on principles
or law; that an attorney employed on one
side of a controversy cannot cross over
and take the cause of the other side Is too
clear to require argument. The man who
would announce to the contrary would be
guilty cf such moral turpitude that he
ought to be disbarred. If there be any
analogy between the present case and
those of Cowdery and Whittemore there
is only one duty for us. I and the gentle
men with me have sufficient regard for
our profession to know that duty and to
act. But there is nothing analogous, and
to the credit of the American bar no at
torney has ever before made such charges
as have been made here upon the facts as
they exist."
Mr. Wheeler directed attention to the
statement of his opponent that Mr.
Treat was independently connected with
earing the Varney estate. He said:
There was an outrageous insinuation
and imputation that Mr. Earl had
drummed up this case, made yesterday
by Mr. Goodfellow. The imputation has
not t J? en Publ'cly withdrawn, although
Mr. Goodfellow Is to-day satisfied with
jtne way the case came to our hands,
xhls has not been accompanied by apol
ogy due from one member of the profes
sion to the other as we see it."
"He swore that his theory of the case
was that I had given information upon
which the Varney estate contest was
brought, interrupted Attorney Earl.
"I said that it was inferential," Inter
jected Mr. Goodfellow: "that my examina
tion showed that Mr. Earl had known
about the case a year before Treat
got it."
"\o\x did Insinuate that the information
came from Mr. Earl and that the case
was drummed up by him," repeated Mr.
W heeler.
"I did so by Inference." said Goodfel
low.
"To-day you say Mr. Treat obtained
the case independently and yet you make
no public apology," declared Mr. Wheeler.
'I have none to make; I stand on the
record," replied Attorney Goodfellow.
"Remember, gentlemen," was Judge
Ogdtr'B warning, "It was understood
that you were not to bring your animosi
ties, if any there be, into the courtroom."
With the conclusion of the argument
Mr. Wheeler maintained there was
not a scintilla of evidence to Fhow
that anything confidential had been dis
closed or that there was a particle of
irregularity in the handling of the case
by his firm or any of its connections.
Just before court rose. Mr. Wheeler,
with some sarcasm, said: "In order that
no advantage be taken of Mr. Goodfellow
I desire now to give notice that I will
move to have him disqualified as attorney
for the trustees in this suit upon grounds
which I will later present to the court."
"I think I should know the grounds,''
said Attorney Goodfellow.
Stating the proposition, Mr. Wheeler
said he would maintain that Goodfellow
was In a double capacity because he was
defending the trustees in one case against
the beneficiaries and heirs who were in
terested in the estate of which he was
also the attorney.
BERKELEY. March 22.— E. E. Nichols,
principal of the Lorin Grammar School,
was arrested this afternoon on a charge
of battery for whipping three of his pu
pils. He punished the children with' a
heavy strap— a piece of old harness trace
—until he raised black and blue marks on
their legs. ' . - ,i .
Last Tuesday^ Raymond Rasmussen,
Irving Waterbufy and young Richter
were sent from the classroom by their
teacher to Principal Nichols for a trifling
infraction of the rules.
The boys are about 11 years old and
members of the fifth grade. They had
been throwing feathers with corks and
pins attached to the ceiling, to "the
amusement of the rest of the class, and
were dismissed from the class and told to
report to the principal.
Nichols severely punished the lads with
a heavy strap, two and a half inches wide
and a quarter of an inch .thick, using it
double. He beat the boys about the legs
until young Rasmussen could hardly
stand.
As soon as he got home that evening
he told his parents. They examined him
and found a number of black and blue
welts on the thighs of their son. Imme
diately the father, James A. Rasmussen,
He Is Charged With Having Beaten the Boys Until
They Were Black and Blue, but Says He
Was Not Cruel.
reported the whipping to the police, with
the result that Principal Nichols was ar
rested this atternoon. The fathers of the
other two boys complained to the Super
intendent of Schools.
Nichols says that he did not unduly
punish the children. While- they com
mitted what might be called a serious in
fraction of school rules, he, did not Intend
In any way to maltreat them. He says
the strap used was about the same as is
generally used throughout the school de
partment. He did not. he says, exert un
due force In reprimanding 1 the lads ana
believes he will be fully exonerated by
his evidence. ¦ . - .
Marshal LJoyd, who did the arresting,
said:
"I have known Nichols for some tlm* x
and always thought well of him. The
strap he used in punishing the boys ¦was
altogether too heavy. The boys are very
young and did not require as severe a
punishment as was given them to discip
line them. The fathers complained to the
School Department and Mr. Raamussen
signed the complaint for the arrest of
Nichols. He says he examined his son
and found large blue marks where the
strap had left its Imprint."
Nichols was allowed to go on his own
recognizance this afternoon by Justice
Edgar. The case will come up next Satur
day morning at 10 o'clock.
THREE PUPILS WHIPPED
WITH A HEAVY ST RAP
Principal Nichols of the Lorin School Is Ar
rested for Battery*
Assessor Dalton, Dr. Halsey and H. S. Pugh Are «Shqrn of Their
Mustaches and Coroner Mehrmann Loses His Seal plock at a
Little Dinner Given by "Billy" Matthews After the; Show.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1900.
ACT THAT WAS NOT DOWN ON
THE ELKS' CIRCUS PROGRAMME
P|i|2^ WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WOItLD-REN'OWNED
"Maer.Ptic Elastic Truss"' Dr. Pierce gave to
the public the most remarkable remedy ever
C:*c<jvrr4 for the rucceweful treatment of Her*
r!« or Rupture. Thousands of sufferer* have
r>e<»n permanently relieved ami radically CURED
I v this preat appliance, and thousands of others
ere now on the road to complete recovery. This.
Truss Is direrent from alt others. It does the
You «in &* our "BOOKLET No. 1" fcr call-
in* at the cfflc«, cr It will be sent on receipt of
a 2-"pnt «t2rop. It tells aIJ about thi» Truss.
"magnetic elastic truss co. f
<K4O Market Street fOrpnsite Palace Hotel),
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New Tcrk City.
fsaves "^ DRAKE |
FEATURES IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL,
'March 25, 1900.
HOW I DIVED FIFTY FEET UNDER
WATER AT SHAG ROCK.
BY NAN BYXBEE.
TENDING BAR IN A BARBARY COAST
SALOON.
PUBLIC SPEAKERS AS VIEWED BY
THE STENOGRAPHER. •
SAN FRANCISCO AS, SEEN BYVAN
EDUCATED INDIAN. '
BITS OF SAN FRANCISCO AS SKETCH*
; ED BY OUR BEST KNOWN ART*
ISTS.
THE RESCUE OF THE CREW AND
/ PASSENGERS OF THE WOLCOTT.
FASHIONS, BOOKS AND THRILLING
STORES
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM
ALL, ,
9SITUATION wanted ' by - young i man ' at ; houae-
cleanlng: or ¦¦ other •'. small : Jobs by •' the ¦ day '
HENRY. ANDERSEN. 352 Bush _t. *.!-.* ..'
HOUSES— LODGING— FOR SALE.
i 18 ROOMS on 1 floor: near Call 0ffice....... $560
.37 rooms; on Howard st. ; only $300 cash.. . 400
30 rooms; fine sunny corner: on one floor.. 900
¦ '25 rooms; on Market; worth $1200 800
10 rooms; on Mason; pavment5............ 450
I . 65 rooms; on Bush st: clears $250 2800
13 rooms and bath; elegant flat .......325
I 30 rooms; on Kearny; grand bargain 2000
I ¦36 rooms: on Market; payments 1500
. • 50, 40 and 125 rooms; boarding- house.
- : -MONEY- TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
1 • TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
I H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market at. opp. Fifth.'
1 A HOUSE on Market Bt. 64 rooms, through to
Turk st. : sunny side; brick building: elec-
I trie and gas. light; everything new; Market-
st. front suitable for offices; back to Turk st.
for furnished rooms; entrances on Market and
; Turk sts.: also flre escapes on Market and
Turk sts.: the safest and most convenient
house in town; 1130 and 1132 Market st, ad- '
> Joining^ Owl Drug ¦ Store. Apply to A. M.
SPECIAL BARGAINS i
\ 19 rooms; cheap rent; only $350
'21 rooms: Mission st. ; reduced to . 800
33 rooms: fine paying house: see It 1250
40 rooms; sunny corner; a bargain $50
60 rooms; corner: must sell 2000
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st
30 ROOMS; newly furnished throughout: good
location: transfer point; cheap rent; this Is a
great bargain if sold • Immediately. RIVERS
BROe.. 227 Montgomery at
M. MacLEOD'S specialty Is buying, selling and
exchanging lodging-houses; If you have such
business It will pay you to call at 1708 Market.
near Tenth. With G. W. H. PATTERSON .
SEE last Sun. Examln., Chron. and Call for
60 houses adv. by M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market
$700— SELECT rooming-house; 9 rooms: perma-
nent roomers; new and clean. 437 Golden
¦, Gate aye. "
$UOO— GRAND chance; corner, 32 rooms; low
. rent; must sell. Address 411 Sansome. rm. 27.
BARGAIN— Rooming-house, 24 rooms; house
full; cheap rent. 640 Howard st
12. ROOMS furnished for housekeeping; all
rented: no agents. 951 Mission, near Sixth.
A NICELY furnished sunny corner flat of 30
roomw.for sale cheap. Box 3098. Call office.
LOST AND KOUND.'
LOST— Sunday morning, March 11. In cathedral
or crossing Van Ness aye.." a gold garter
clasp, red enameled fleur de 11s in diamonds.
Please return 2123 Buchanan st; liberal re-
ward. ...
LOST— Wednesday, in the Orpheum or on the
Hyde-st. cars, a small silver chain purse.
Return to 2512 Fillmore st.
LOST— Wednesday, near the children's play
ground, a gold watch. A reward if returned
to Hotel Savoy, room 25. -.
LOST— Near Clay and Stelner sts.. black car-
riage robe. Finder will please return same to
450 Tenth st and receive liberal reward.
BLACK and white fox terrier; tag numbered
3230; reward. 675 Bush St.. rooms 14 and 24.
LOST— Large black cocker spaniel; tag 3311:
suitable reward. 1041 Mission st.
LOST— Diamond ring; was wrapped in tinfoil:
t.-J"', 66 ™ 1 reward If returned to G. w. AR-
BUCKLE. 11 Montgomery st.
MEDICAI_.
DRS. GCKDD^nTNTThTwell^n^wTladles 7 physl-
clan. formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
. Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure in one
day: 15 years' successful practice in S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007% Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable;: has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed
Write or call at 1023% Market st
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento St.. cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours, 10 a. m. to 12 m.,
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. nn
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: horn*
I In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5;. any ailment: consultation . free. 942
Post st. between Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office, $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st, bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to 6 p. m.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 122S Market; ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment, $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035.Market. ladles' special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at office, $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. JAMES PIERCE, 104 Turk st, the eminent
female' specialist; home or office treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladles'" specialfst. 1118 Market
st ; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye. ¦
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st
MEDICATED IIATHS.
DR. CON ANT'S Compound Vapor Bath— Puri-
fies the blood; destroys disease germs; pro-
tects; cures: revitalizes; saves life and doctor
. bills: outfits for sale: agents wanted: send for
booklet. ANIDROSIS. 47 Post st. S. F.. Cal.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
TO Nome and York on best-equipped vessel
leaving Frisco; 500 pounds allowed and chance
. to stake claims In new district which we stop
at between Nome and York. Further partl-
culars at 337 Pine Bt
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. _,
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
. OLSEN, room 16, first floor. Chronicle bids.
HIGHLY respectable - private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST "reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
. highest price. for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates;' confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st
AT 126 Kearny st, room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator.. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct: lowest interest Rooms
68 and 69, Donohue building, 1170 Market st
On real estate, Ist or 2d mortgages, and en
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
ANY amount at: 2 per cent on furniture and
other collateral. D. McRAE. 743 Mission st
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' -Exchge.. 431 Calif.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 368 Parrott build-
'lng — Men can secure loans on personal note.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOUSLEY., 32I Parrott building.
OLD gold bought: money loaned on every de-
scription of collateral/ Coleman's, 506 Kearny.
MONEY loaned on furniture, pianos, dia-
monds, etc. BRIDGES, 927 Market, room 31S.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest- rates; Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
. any proposition. , DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
On furniture, pianos, without removal : no
¦'.: commission; private. 'LICK,' 116 McAllister.
IF ' your property Is mortgaged and ycu need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men, without collateral or Indorser:
¦other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
1 Cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSIC AX. INSTRUMENTS. '
i A LARGE ' NUMBER OF FINE BARGAINS
IN STEINWAY.
WEBER.
CHICKERTNG.
HAL. ES BROS.,
BUSH & GERT3,
ELLINGTON.
. AND • OTHER PIANOS
: The. Hamilton-Bancroft Stock
' Recently Purchased bv-Us. - "
It will pay you to call and see them.*
UPRIGHTS $50 UPWARD.,
SQUARES $25 UPWARD.
ORGANS ' $20 UPWARD. :
'¦;;¦; BYRON MAUZY, .
, ' 303. POST ST.
ARE you in need of a piano?" We have a large
. assortment of new and second-hand pianos of
'•the best makers: Bold for cash or very easy
- payments; $8 down and 's6 per. month for an
' elegant ; new . upright; ' some good pianos ' for
$3, $4 andss per month." SHERMAN. CLAY
&', CO:. . Steinway dealers, corner Suiter and
Kearny sts., San Francisco; corner Thirteenth
,i and. Broadway, Oakland. .. • ¦
A. HIGH-GRADE .upright ipiano, - standard
;- make, used a few. months, will, be sold cheap
-} for cash ; call and make offer. • Room 10 80*
.-.Market- st. , ¦. >; . .-• .¦,,:.., .-.-,.¦ i.\-, r ,, -... •-,*..¦,
A FEW pianos will be sold for storage at auc-
tion prices: dirt cheap for cash. -WILSON'S
Storage, 1710 Market, st : '»: : ' -
FINE 1 concert '¦ organ , or harmonium •in perfect
¦'• order. ¦ 1259 Mission st . ZZ " T?
_B____B____e_i«!!t£es%fM____________________H*
I - MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AY unequaled record— Our business Is larger
than ever:, our prices the lowest: our tern-.,
reasonable,-* our guarantee absolute; high-
grade pianos from $325 up: medlum-pncH
pianos from $130 up: second-hand ptanosfroni
$55 up; pianos for rent; sole agents for Chick -
ering. Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos. « w
20 O'Farrell st
A GENUINE BARGAIN SALE.
Fine Knabe upright, latest design; «nak,
offer; beautiful Bruenn upright like ne^ :
Arlon. $35; Hallett & Davis. «•>;* Germai
uprights. In good order. $73 and $90; Dunham
upright. $140; Sherwood. $14o; ! almost ne^v
uprights, cheap, for storage and advances.
BRUENN, 208 Post at., above Grant aye.
ABSOLUTELY the Oldest and largest houw
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE" 8,
26. 28 and 30 CFarrell st: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grade-
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer. __________
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell Bt.
FINE assortment of old and new violins In all
sizes Just received from Europe; they were
selected by experts for the MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st . •
THE Packard pianos are not cheap pianos, but
they are first-class in tone and unequaled in
finish: you buy them for a short time only at
introductory prices at MAUVAIS'. 763 Mar-
ket st
A BARGAlN— Stelnway, $125: store open Sat.
evening. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis st.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. 6PEN-
CER WAREROOMS. 1813 Market st
DON'T buy; rent a new piano, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st, agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
FINE Fischer & Stelnway upright; sacrificed.
• KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st. '
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister st, next Hibernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
; MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
.MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
j flee furniture and fixtures; new and second
. hand. J. NOON AN. 1317-101*- 102 1-1023 Mission
st. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
. bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A — ANEROID barometer for $7 30; cost $13.
Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
FOR sale — Fine double-door safe at a bargain.
14 Fifth, st •¦
12-H. P. marine gas engine, complete; S-H.P.
marine gas engine. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BAR and back bar; a bargain. 819 Jackson
St.. bet Kearny st. and Montgomery aye.
HIGH- ARM Singer sewing machine: good con-
dition; complete: cheap. 1915 Mission st,
near Fifteenth.
FOR sale at a bargain — 26-ton schooner yacht
with fixtures and fittings complete: in first-
class condition. For particulars address box
3C71. Call office.
30-FOOT gasoline launch for sale cheap; »V&
- horsepower engine; full cabin; electric lights.
Address box 3070. Call office.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st
, A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
. glnes, boiler", water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
' etc. • WHITELAW, 216 Spear st
CASH registers, second hand, of every descrip-
tion bought, sold, exchanged and repaired.
1309 Mission St.. between Ninth and Tenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
A FINE suit $10: dress pants. $2 75. BROWN
BROS. CLOTHING. 437 Montgomery st
AUTOMATIC sewing machine; oak woodwork;
latest attachments; cheap. 145 Sixth st
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California st
10.000 FEET new rubber belting, half prtc».
ROBT. BRAND & CO.. 527 Third St.. Oakland.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 flre and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap.- 42 Main it .
SAFES, new and second hand, all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
BOILERS, engines, drill press ea. planes. lathes.
Iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or , Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A portable double circular saw-
mill, capacity 10. 000 feet, new or second hand,
and * 30 horsepower portable engine. B. C
GANSNER. Quincy, Plumas County. Cal.
SALOON wanted In Sac Francisco; cash; no
agents. Address box 3141. Call office.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H L WHTTEHT-An. 1719 Market «t.
OFFICES AND STORES—TO LET.
SUTTER. 1148— Nice sunny corner suite; occu-
pied by a. doctor last 10. years; modern Im-
provements.
STORE to let. 323 Fifth st
$15— SUITE of fine sunny offices; newly reno-
vated. 25 Geary st.
$20— STORE: 2 show-windows and 5 large rooms;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st -
PAXMISTRT.
MME. Necrgaard. Pres. St. Germain Colleg* of
Palmistry: reads 1 to I. (16 Geary, nr. Jons*.
, j . PERSONALS.
EDW. BFT.T.K — Oudry. photographic Parls-
lenne. Entrance on Thirteenth st., near Wash-
ington, Oakland.
ASTONISHING prices for ladles' and gents'
cast-off clothing, etc.* don't sell until you
learn my offer. Postal M. Nathan, 10 Sumaer.
THE very neatest parlors In the city and only
- 25c for the very latest hair styles; manicur-
ing, 25c; open Sundays. 9 to 12. G. LEDERER.
123 Stockton st ' -
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca Hair Tonic 35c bot.
and Lederer's Foamo Shampoo 6c pkg. ar»
Just what Lederer uses at 123 Stockton st
PRIVATE detective work ; reasonable rates;
10 years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st
ASTHMA cure gives perfect relief. Call or
address N. A. DILLON. 1329 Vallejo et
STAMMERING corrected: booklet J. WHITE-
HORN, A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden st. Oakland.
A FINE suit to order $10 75. or pants $3 75; our
specialty In remnants allows us to sell cheap-
er than ready-made. L. LEMOB. 1117 Market
St.. bet 7th and Bth. prop. One-price Tailor-
ing Co., 532 Kearny. near Sacto.: also 1544
Market st. under St Nicholas. ¦
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st, near Market: 100 rooms:
25c to $160 per. night: $1 50 to $1 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BLAND'S second-hand clothing store. 79 Ninth:
full value given for ladles', children's cast-oft
-.clothing.. trunks, etc. Phone. Howard US-.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia: 'all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted' hands. 1343 Howard st.
WANTED— OId gold for manuf g. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell., bet. Powell and Mason.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing can on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel Black 4123.
LADIES* and gents' cast-oft clothing bought and
¦ sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom: tel Folsom 1391.
ALASKA far garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEINEMAN. 109 Sansome st.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
H purw. Inwrappw. for mallln—.' tX p»r Tear.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. CCDONNELL-Of flee and resldencsw
1021 U. Mnrket »t.. bet. Sixth und B»-»nth~^
PLUMBERS. . ~~~
W. E. LANE, phone Main 313. 603 California
. st. : ¦ everybody's plumber. • •- , ...
REAL. , ESTATE— CITY—FOR SALE.
FOR SALE— Very" cheapTcash or installmental
• 5- room house: targe lot. 218 Ellsworth st
near, Cortland aye. See owner on premises
,11 to 2 to-day or apply 78 Bernal ave.7oppo-
¦ slte Twenty-sixth and Howard:
ll^. TOl iJ U w" t . l i? t ! ln Rl| :hnion<l district, nortn oe
«,t» c^U}^-" > ' a
?A_s_? A _5_' 3 KKi 1 i^ al '»J a te; in. the Mission or Hor-
>ner*s Addition that you wlnh to dispose of
then call on W. J. OtTNN. 530 California rt.
COTTAGE-^-5 rooms, bath." basement, stable;
block from Market st ¦ Apply 2403 Folsom st
13500— WORTH $4000; ' store. 3 rooms, bath; flat
above.. » rooms, bath; rented $32. 1417 Pacific.
4 WEEK'S news for 5 cents. * The Weekly Call.
M pages. In wrapper.' for malting. $1 per year.
A— PRlNTED ' list;" houses ¦ to ' let: ' send for . cir-
;:» cular.' G. : H.".UMBSEN & CO. ";'. 14 Montgomery.'
SUNNY. 10-room - bouse ; ¦*• large > garden; S stable.
2432 Howard ' St., through | to Capp ; rent $50. 1 1
DRAUGHTSMAN, good i letterer. good tracer
wants a situation In. civil engineer 'or archl-
tect ofilce ; reasonable. Box 3124.1 Call : office.
WANTED— Position as clerk In general- mer-
chandise business In 'the country. - . Address
M. G.. 104 . Powell ! st, 8.- F. --. s " "
CORNER grocer}' store; fine location- full
etock; must be sacrificed thi* ¦ week on ac-
count death. COWING' & CO 719 Market
HSO— PAIITXER: meat market; receipts JSOO
tiirnth;<*ai>- business. Kr»do & Co.. 22% Geary.
A- 1550: ROADHOUSE and resort; fine place;
newly furnished. Kredo & Co., 22' i Geary.
550— STOCK of groceries; rent of store $15- n*ar
Fourth *t. KREDO & CO.. 22V£ Geary st
LODGING house, 40 rooms, near Market.. slSOO
LpTindry route, with horse and wagon.. 400
. very centrally located.. COO
Particulars from J. E. ELINKEY it. CO, Sl3
corner Market and Fifth sts.
RF*AL»-)tate. city or country, in any State in
the tnicn: sold and exchanged on commis-
sion; _s*ociate offlccs in New York and Chl-
caco; sterling business - proposition* of all
kinds Hunset Realty Inv. Co., 213 Exa.ni. bldg.
PARTNER to travel in enow business; clear-
ing $3W a month; must have $15o; no experi-
ence required. J. C. PELTON. 422 Minna st,
. after ?¦ i. m. •?-¦•
FIRPT-CLABS candy and lee cream store; lo-
cation central; very cheap. M. MACLEOD,
ÜbS Market st
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market et. . .
PARIS Exposition— Well-educated Frenchman
familiar with European resorts and languages'
wants position as guide; references, '-.i Address
A. D.; Crockett, : CaL ¦ w .-~ ' ¦ •*>¦•
WORK wanted by a middle-aged man that un-
derstands garden and general care of a place*
best of reference. Address J. O. C.'.' 266 Minna.
SITUATION -by young . man ; taking - care ~of
j horseß, cows, garden; good driver; . reference
Address. box 31_1, Call office. •- -.. 1 .:
J22J — CIGAR eland snd laundry office: fine lo-
catlon. MCLAUGHLIN. 777H Market st
AN lndUKtrious young man who has had aome
exporiir.ce in horsr-shoeing -wanted i»ithfl7;
as partner In established shop; IoU of work.
_ COSMOr^LITAN AGK.NCY. 2t Geary >tT
tXA— GRf«CE«V «nd bar; more than vtlu* in
pight; itplendiA location; selling on account, ol
cf-parturi?. Cosmoi.olltan Agency. 26 Geary.
A— HOME dining parlors; fine location: a snaD
COWING & CO.. T!S Market st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally.- 212H Sixth st '
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladies. 914 O'Fan-ell at.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and watur
reader; German spoken. 921«4 Mission, op Mint
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st, r. U.
', EMPLOYJIENT WASTED— MALE.
YOUNG couple, no children, lately from EasT
desire situations; woman capable of- doing
general houuework; man. to do outside labor-
ing; steady positions desired- Call or address
G. 8.. 120 Fourth at, room _.'¦•* .
800 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damage*, half
¦¦ ¦ price, r 662 Mission st, bet Ist- and 2d sts.
WANTED— First - class - ladles' tailors at
•SCHIMMEL & STOVER'S, 408 Sutter st' ,
WANTED— Laborers 5 and • mechanics to know
- that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs J Denver . House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
' 'rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
,' summer at HERMAN'S." 26 Steuart st- - r;
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard. ¦ \* ¦-:' \; :.-.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth | and I Howard—
• Rooms 15c to 25c per night ,75c to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER ¦ Hotel 44 '¦ Third ' St., near Mar-
;- ket; 700 rooms, 25c night;. reading room;. free
• ' 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry." .:'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
, lencla st^«fll(ai9E__H9f____NnK_M_BttCXHßB--f
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third et, near Mar-
ket; 200 roome. -25c to $1 60 night; $1 00 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
CLAIRVOYANTS
MME. PORTER, wonderful .clairvoyant and
card-reader; born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses diseases with full life
reading: ladles 50c. gents $1; palm and clair-
voyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st, nr. Jones.
MOST learned palmist and clairvoyant medium;
business advice; readings, 25c. 15S1 Market
st. near Twelfth. .
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, palmist; all you
seek U> . know answered, without questions;
readings this week, 25c and 50c. 126 O'Farrell.
CHESTER CARLETON. magnetic healer and
maFsage treatmt. 1382 Market rms. 27 and 28.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader: readings 25c.
A.— ssoo; SALOON and lunchhouse; between fac-
tories and lumber-yards: dally receipts $15;
rent JTO: a snap. R. G. WILKE. Si>6 Market
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants situation with
family going to the country for three or four
months; best references; please, call after 0
Sunday. 1581 Fifteenth st. near Mission.
YOUNG girl wants situation for plain cham-
berwork; sleep home. Box 3144, Call office.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks;
Vlay and -evening classes; special : Inducement
this season;- handsome illustrated catalogue
. and souvenir, free; , only Institution in the
world teaching the barber and - halrdresslng
trades. HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay Bt. Branches — San Francisco, New York,
St. Louis, Chicago, Minneapolis.
TAILORS— First-class ladies' tailor wanted on
Jackets and waists; must be rapid and pro-
ficient ,in details. Apply to STEIN, SIMON
, & CO. :
EXPERIENCED wnltress wants position -in
restaurant. Call 504 Minna st
SITUATION wanted by two friends who would
like a place together in an institution. 707U
Natoma st.
YOUNG woman with si child wishes . a posi-
tion as housekeeper or cook on a ranch. Call
713V6 Bush st. '
LUNCH .waiter wanted at 605 Montgomery st.
TELEPHONE South 279. r." 202. Emma Spreck-
els bldg— Middle-aged woman, light house-
work In hotel. Holllster; woman. 35 to 45,
pantry work In hotel, must be competent, $30
per month; woman, general housework, nice
place, $20 to $25; young girl, assistant In sew-
ing, $H, $20; refined young girt as companion
*to lady, elegant home. .
FIRST-CLASS all around tailor as partner In
well-paying business; must have about $50.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— TaiIor with $450 to buy paying busi-
ness; central location. Including double store;
owner must sell on account sickness. N. P.
SKYTTE, 1175 Twenty-third aye., E. Oakland.
WANTED— A steady, reliable boy of about 18,
residing with his parents,, to learn light manu-
facturing business. Apply at 14 Kearny st.
CIGAR store for sale. 311 Bush st
EDUCATIONAL.
WANiTED— Man and wife for chicken ranch,
$45; man and wife, private family, $45; fruit
farmer and wife. $40; nursery man, $30 and
found and Increase; stable man for country.
$25 and found; 5 milkers, $25 and $30; farmers
, for orchard work, $1 day. J. F. CROSBTT'B
Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
THE California Debris CommiMlon, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
proceee frcm George H. K*drlck. In the Hed-
rirk gravel m:n#. near San Andreas. Caia-
verss County, to deposit tailing! on a Cat
I below the mine; frcm William Weyraan. in
•.be "SVeyman placer mine, near Placerville.
Xl Dorado County, to deposit tallinss in a
reservoir belcw the mine: fr~m Hugh H.
Oairi. In the Pigeon Creek mine, near Ply-
mouth. Awador County, to deposit tailings
in Ir.d!ar. Creek; tr<yra H«*nry Meyer, in the
Greerhom rr.'ne. at Cherokee, Nevada County,
to d»rc*it tailings In Shady Creek, and from
ths Emery <«old Mining Company, In the
K'OT) hydraulic mine, near Mountain Ranch.
• 'alaveras County, to deposit tailings In Adobe
Gulch, gives r.otice that a meeting will be
held at rocm £9. FkK>d bulidinz, San Fran-
clfi-c. Cal.. on April I. l? 00. at 1:30 p. m.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
610 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 257.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city- visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5....104 GEARY ST.
100 teamsters and rocknien, 11 75 and $2 a
day for the Coast road .in Santa. Barbara
County, free fare ,
20 muckers for a mine, $2 10 a day; special
rate of fare ..:.... ;
' 20 laborers , for railroad work, near city, $2 a
, day ;...... :..................'.........:
•» Pondman for sawmill, $30; 6 fanners for or-
chards, $26; choreman, springs, $20; single
hand miner, $2 50; underground carman. $2;
S coopers," slack work; tiemakers and wood-
choppers ...: .........
Meat and pastry cook, country hotel. $50;
second cook. $60 to $70; 2 bakers, $35 and $40;
2 pantrymen, $20 and $25; 6 waiters, $40, $35
and $25.> C. R. HANSEN '& CO., 104 Geary.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25e.
PARTNER with $2000 for placer mining; I have
the property, pays from $25 to $50 per day to
the man; near Nome. Address A. J. S.,
box 4458. Call office.
EXPERIENCED ' finisher "on -i coats; . : steady
work; also apprentice. 354 Geary st. * '
FIRST-CLASS.- experienced, steady- 'baker
wants position.* Box Sl4O, Call of flee.
SMALL soap I factory I wants . good ' agent and , I
canvassers. ' Apply .•; 1411 Harrison st. ;*v -
BROADWAY.* 1908—6 rooms, bath.' laundry ; fine
marine -view; rent , $20. ¦-. ¦ ,::'.. . ,'¦: - v¦:
EMPLOYMENT, wanted by a watchmaker. 827
: Third st.;.' -¦-;'...¦.¦¦ -.-¦-...-.-¦- ....." 'i -.•¦-
REAR' house of 5 rooms.' Inquire at 563 Ellis
street ' *g_s_m*____S'__'S_-__n__MSßßS_BM_r
TO LET— A cottace of 5 rooms. 2309 Polk ' st.
rent, with water, $13.
$11 CO— SUNNY cottage; 4 rooms. 110S Filbert
ctreet. svi^tWfOXtmfMmnm' lllllUllH mHW-Wj
BARBER wants . a steady Sunday Job. 20ft
SOLICITORS to work from wagons In San Fran-
¦v Cisco,' - Oakland, Hay wards, etc.'- 'Apply 156
; : Fifth st. r: --.-, -V'- ¦¦-,-. — : ' . -,''.-?>
I^.: srssjEt-ir 11 - iot *«*¦
EXPERIENCED cook wants position in res-
taurant Call 564 Minna st- - ,
A BRANCH! office for the reception, of^adver-
¦ tlsements and subscriptions . has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until * p. m. ¦ : '
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Recruits • for ' the ' United States
Marine Corps.- United States Navy, able-bod-
, led,'- unmarried ¦ men. of ,¦ good ¦ character, ¦¦ be-
tween the ages of 21 and 35 years; not less
. : than ¦5 ¦ feet -4 . inches : and - not - over - 6 feet 1
inch in height; must be citizens of the United
¦ States, ¦ or persons who - have legally , declared
.'. their;, intentions ;to • become < citizens ; 1 able •to
v read,':" write ; and "¦ speak » English properly; 1 the
term of service ; Is • for '; 5 • years ; pay ; is . from
$13 to $43 per month, according to rank and
I length . of I service ; | clothing, | rations, quarters
" and medical : attendance . furnished, .' in ; addi-
tion, by the Government For further infor-
!' ' mation -' apply '¦ - at ' the '* Marine ' Recruiting
.' Office, " 40 Ellis 1 st.',' San , Francisco, - : CaL ; -or
-.630 X St., Sacramento, CaL, '.-¦'- ¦', - ¦'. ". - :.. •
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
STRONG young German wishes to do any kind
of work; city or country. Address 13 Lucky
aye.. ', Folsom, near Twenty-fourth.'
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions haß been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et. .
BARBER shop for sale; - 3 chairs. DECKEL-
MAN BROS.'. 106 Ellis st. .;
AN experienced apprentice on custom pants.
S27Market St., room 411.;
NIGHT school reopens April 1: ' speed class $3
per mo. . Ayres' . Business College, 723 Market
APPRENTICE for ¦' pantsmaklng; good \ sewer;
. paid while learning. 273 Minna st. : - ¦--.-¦¦
EXPERIENCED; finisher -on coats; steady
:. work i; also apprentice.-. 854: Geary, st
GENTLEMAN jcf • good address; good proposl-
. tlon. Crown, Studio,- 1140 Market st. . .
YOUNG girl would like care of a child. 120>*
Perry st, bet. Third and Fourth.
ATTENTION, BUYERS
:::::::::::::::::::::: tobuy:^^. B^!:^ 8
SELL
OR EXCHANGE
ROOMING HOTTPE. HOTEL. STORE
«"ITY OR COUNTRY REAL ESTATE
...OR BUSINESS PLACE OF ANY KIND...
Phone John f.l, or call on or address
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt, .opp. Eth.
CORNER gfioery and bar; must sell; estab-
llfhed 20 years. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
T3V>— BUTCHER shop, horse and wagon; bar-
gain. MrLAUGHLiX & CO.. 777% Market st.
H-V3DOJ i N Kit saloon; bargain this' day. m -
LAUGHLIX A CO.. 777'fr Market st
JT/iO— PARTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
r.t-ss; htaple good*: large profits. For par-
tirulars see MCLAUGHLIN & CO 777U
Mariitrt »t. 1* „¦•..-.-
GIRL wishes second work or care for chil-
dren. 17558 Howard st* ' ,
WANTED— A good waiter, at the Golden West
Hotel. 68-76. Ellis 1 st. ; -
YOUNG lady desires office work of any kind;
best of references. Address 1934 Myrtle st,
Oakland.
YOUNG man. must speak German, for wine
business; state wages; ref. Box 3138,' Ca11.
WOMAN with a small child would like a po-
sition as housekeeper In hotel, rooming or
private house; for further particulars apply
at 459 Shotwell st. ¦ .
SECOND cook wanted. Park Hotel, 26 Turk
street.
NEAT young girl, ; housework; small . family;
• $15; references.. 619 ft Valencia st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 432 Fifth St.
YOUNG girl to wait at table and woman to
wash dishes. 136 Second st. ,;.
FINE milliners, makers; also apprentices, with
wages. WIDRIN, 766 Geary st
WANTED — HANDS on .. skirts and waists.
FRANCES, 796 Sutter st.
AMERICAN lady wishes position as housekeep-
er or plain cooking; g'rl of 10 years with her.
M. E. M.. 29 Lafayette st
YOUNG man wanted for dishwasher at 1805
Haight st ;.-.'':•'¦¦
WANTED— A girl for light upstairs work and
care for 1 child 5 years old. Apply 1815 La-
' guna st. • forenoon.
YOUNG girl would llk«» to do light housework;
no objection to country. Please call at 914«4
Harrison st.
WANTED— Boat builders. Apply 646 . Second
street. \
YOUNG Swedish girt wishes place for general
housework In small American family; cannot
speak English. 158 Lexington aye.
REFINED Catholic* woman as housekeeper;
must understand care of girl of 5; wages $12
¦to $15. Box 3145. Call. ' 1
BOY. 16 years old. references. 409 A Turk st
S. F. Mfg. Co. " .
GOOD dishwasher. 313 O'Farrell st
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
office; best help fur.; cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas. Aramori, SO6H Stockton; tel. John 2121.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 414H O'Farrell st: tel. East 426.
2 GOOD barbers wanted for Saturday. 797
Mission st. : ¦.-,*?..• '
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years
421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
GOOD barber for country: . first-class I wages;
fare paid. H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
CLASSES in German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio, 405. Geary, r. 47.
ALFRED W ULLI'LI'T, V.i Mission St. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. ; est. 1564.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
AYRES', leading business college, 723 Market;
Individual instruction; bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing; Hf e scholarship, $50; catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. PAN FRANCISCO
BUSINNESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st
$500— FIRST-CLASS saloon; »tood fixtures; f>
private rooms; rent $55. Box 311*, Call.
BOOKKEEPING as it is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
AN'NKAL mating— The annual meeting of the
nockholder* of th» Western Sugur Refining
r*nr.;-.ariy will b» held at the offlce of the
(ompany, 3J7 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.,
OH MONDAY, the 2«th day of March. 1»00, at
the brur of 12 m., for the purpose of electing
a board cf dlr^rvirs to serve for the enyulng
year and the transaction of euch other bual-
uers as may oome before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will clos* on Friday. March II!. J9OO.
Xt IT m. W. H. HAWAII. Secretary.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Steam feed sawyer. $4 day; edger
man, $2 75 day; planer man; shingle sawyer
to run mill by contract: 20 woodsmen, $26,
fare advanced; 10 laborers for lumber rall-
To&d, $26, fare advanced; wagon-maker, $2 75
day; 3 boatbullders, $3 50 day; boat painter;
blacksmith's helper, $1 50 day. J. F. CRO-
. SETT'S Agency. '62B Sacramento st
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESS:*
DOG HOSPITALS
FLATS TO LET.
NOTICE— International Bricklayers' Union No.
1 of California meets EVERY MONDAY in
The Temple. 117 Turk st. ; hall open every
Cay bettvirn J ar.d S: all I. U. men invited:
charter open for 30 days?; contractors or build-
ers wanting men inquire at bull.
W. r>. PICSOBNS. President
WILMAM KLEIN. NICHOLAS DUOAN.
WILLIAM J. S-'HEEDT. I. U. Committee.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. S5O Market
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. lMl'Polk st. <£.?-. , •>: ,
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
RESTAURANT for sale. 34 Eighth et; oome
and see.
VISIT OF LOYAL REB. LODGE v&UL&a.
Ne CT, I 0.0. X.. to Redwood^2?_i_s_fc :
<:ity has been postponed to SAT-
URDAY EVENING. March 31.
Tickets can be procured from committee.
Fourth and Townsend Etc. Trains leave at
5:30 j>. m.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3: crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. C Eddy st.
MEYER, Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
ext. crowns, bridgework; open Sund-till 12.
FINEST saloon in Santa Cruz: very popular
and payinc; old established trade. WEST-
ERN LAND CO.. 640 Market St.
MAN to buy good paying agency in city: re-
quires J125; excellent opportunity; party leav-
ing town. AdSress box 3142. Call office.
MEETING NOTICES.
i'ALIFORNIA Com tnandery No. 1. K. T. ,-?•-.
-Rt-f-jlar assembly THIS EVENING "SP
at 7:30 o'clock. Order of the Temple, itjt
All fraters cordially Ir.vited. "OF
JOHN TONNINGsEN. Commander. »
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
FANCY grocery, strictly modern; good loca-
tion; unusual sacrifice. Apply PENNELL.
SUYDAM &. CO., wholesale grocers, 4 Cali-
fornia lit.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor.' 4th, rm. 7, Flood . bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty;, gold crowns,
13 50 up; prates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st, ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 ; years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set: extracting 50c; gas given. '.
A— MURRAY "A READY.:.. PHONE MAIN 5848
: Leading ± Employment . and Labor Agents,
.../........WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M. 1.
; 61 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
; ferent places $26, $25. $20 and found.
32 milkers, different places.. s3o, $25 and found
15 choremen and boys..s2o. $15, $10 and found
5 strong boys or men for hop yards fare $l-.530
6 scraper teamster B for a ranch..s26 and found
• dfll'ers, $60.....5 single hand miners. $75
18 . laborers/ city J0b5.... ...•;.-;....•..;-..;.. -...'...
............... • — ?fi 75 d a y and $30 _„} found
2 rarmers and wives, Napa C 0..535. .535 and found
. 3 foremen for mines. ...'........;. $42 and found
10 laborers for mines...... $30 and found
2» muckers for mines $48 and found
-••••••••¦¦WE PAY YOUR FARES......
Zo laborers for sawmills.- etc.. .526 and found
ISJ tiemakers, woodchoppers, $2 50, $2. $1 50.
$1, 75c cord, 10c, lie, 12c each ; tall edger
hand, ? log sniper, gang edger hand, band
sawyer. $4. $2 75. $3 day.:........:..:...........
"•••• MECHANICAL HELP '
Engineer for a mine call ear1y....:.; $90
10 coopers, carriage trimmer...... :$3 day
6 carpenters, 9 months' Job country. .s2 50 day
...HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS...
18 cooks.... sCo, $45. $40. $35. $30. $25 and found
19 waiters and dishwashers ....:...T.'..'
......................$3O, $25. $20. $15 and found
9 laundrymen......s4s. $40, $35, $30 and found
Milk wagon drivers, porters, bellboys: 184 Jobs
not advertised.....'.. COMB SEE
......:. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
A YOUNG Frenchman of ' good education and
reputation, . who can . speak, read and . write
English, wishes to go to the Paris Exposition
with an American family or somebody as an
Interpreter; moderate terms and can give good
references. Address JEAN LACLHRQUE. 27
Scott place.', S/F., Cal. '. '
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate," $5 ; a
full set -of teeth on a gold plate, . $25 ; teeth
- without a plate: crown and' bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and. stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: .filling*. 50c; crowns, $3 60-^ all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth st. -.-»;'» .-
HELP .: WANTED — MALE.
DENTISTS.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
SAN FRANCISCO CALti.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
CalL corner or Market and Third streets, open
raill 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
ISfO Kayes street; open until S:3O p. m.
O McAllister ptreet; open until 9:!0 p. m.
CXt Lexkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IMI MlFficn street; open until 10 p. m.
•Sfl Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
until • p. m.
tltX Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
l'T^ Valencia street; open until 8 p. m.
~>2TZ Polk street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; cpen until 9 p. m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH .23, 1900.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$1000— RESTAURANT and bar: best location;
no night work; cheap rent; long lease; daily
, receipts 165-$7O; stands investigation. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. 539H California st.
n_nSA PVENA I/DDGE OF PERFEC- *W*
TION No. I— Meeting THIS (FRI- It
DAY) EVENING at S o'clock. D. 4. tr\
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary. «_3_b>
WANTED— Good ' coatmaker, : In or outside.- 626
;, Montgomery.' '.--.:¦¦ ;.•.?-•..'¦ ¦¦¦--'"¦. '.'.,'¦:-' i-
A— DR. T. S/ 'BIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market nt, over Cafe Zinkand — Teeth extract-
ed • without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the beat and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices;, pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings. from 50c; badly de-
' cayed teeth carefully, treated J and', filled or
- crowned without pain: slates that fit ¦¦ from
$4 £0 up: open evenings and Sundays. ~A, ''vi;
FULL set.o f teeth, ? $5; gold crowns," $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver, 50c; painlees extraction. 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
FIRST-CLASS saloon: big trade; cheap if sold
at once: only responsible party will receive
lnformatiDn. Liquor Dealers' Journal, 539W
California Et
$60fr-SALOON on Curk st: fine fixtures; good
trade. Liquor Dealers' Journal, 539^ Cali-
fornia st.
SITUATION wanted by a Dane; understands
gardening, horses, cows, chickens; can take
• charge of chicken ranch, run Incubator and
brooders; best. reference.. Address ANDREW,
JOHNSON. 1313 Broadway, Oakland. -,
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
bueincss; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers
Journal. 539% California Bt. room 1.
MIDDLE-AGED blacksmith, in not the best of
health, s wants ¦• light Job helping In shop; no
shoeing: small wages expected. Address H.
WARREN, 405. Francisco st. ,
A BRANCH, of flee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
- lencla st. . • • . ¦ .. ¦ :
EXCHANGE.
WILL exchange very desirable lots In Seattle,
Tacoma or Blalne Wash., for country home
near Ban Francisco. A. D., box 3113, Call.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
FOR sale — Saloon; suitable for man and wife:
en account departure. Box 3CS7, Call office.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071 Mi Market St.; examinations free: German
' eyewater by mull. 50c. Phone. Mint 2f.7.
FIRST-CLASS cigar stand for sale at 117
O'Farrell st, next to Orpheum.
•fiO-COHXER saloon; no Indebtedness; good
reputation. Address box 314 C. Call office.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath for rent and the
furniture for sale; rent low. Inquire at 112
Third st :•-.- ¦-.-r,---^?-. ' • •
FOR sale — Old-eftablished grocery and bar;
good location; long lease; good opportunity
for one or two young men; no agents. Ad-
dress box 3122, Call ofilce.
ELEGANT sunny flat; 4 rooms, bath. 646 Wil-
low aye., near Lacuna st.
NINTEENTH. 3980, near Noe— Lovely sunny-
lower 6-room flat, with room on porch; $18;
water free. ; .
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
frcm BALDWIN &HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
A— HEAD waiter, country hotel, $50, see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NEW bakery and laundry; 3-can milk wagon; 2-
seated spring wagon: 1 heavy and 2 light de-
livery wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and bar;
rtock and fixtures; must sell. on account of
other business; no agents. Box 3067, Call.
CORNER cigar stand. 97 Third st. northeast
corner of Mission.
6ACRAMENTO, 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; rent
$12 50.
A— 4 WAITERS, same country hotel. $25. C.
¦ R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FOR sale, cheap; paying restaurant In best
location In city. Inquire 117 Battery st
TWO eunny rear flats of 4 rooms;' s3 each. 27
Pearl st., off Market, near Valencia.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Nees.
FOR sale— Small oyster house cheap; $100. Ad-
dress box 4-190. Call office.
5-ROOM sunny flat: rent $14. 2818 Mission or
844 Cam st. -
FIRtST-CLASS oyster nouse for sal* on account
of sickness. CO Seventh st
$14— WORTH $18; fiat of 5 rooms and bath. 1417
Pacific aye.. near Hyde. ¦
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary st; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit. -.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor &Moffat
FOR sale — Shooting gallery, or for rent. 231
Fifth st
$6— LOWER flat. 726H Harrison st, between
•Third and Fourth. . . .»
GROCERY and bar; 1009 Guerrero st: must
be sold at once; reasons, leaving for Europe.
$450 — FANCY grocery and dellcatesaen store.
3301 Devlsadero st.
COUPLE, with reference, want small furnished
flat, north of Market st; rent not over $25.
Address box 3136, Call office. . '
TO let — Clear store with room, or saloon for
sale. 433 Fourth st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new 80-page catalogue free.
4 OR 5 rooms; neat and modern: -good neigh-
borhood; $15. Address box 3143. Call office.
WANTED— Frenqh valet and butler, $40: cook
for coffee house, $15 week; boarding-house
waiter. $25 ; restaurant and hotel waiters,
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT* S
Agency, 628 Sacramento st. .
FURNITURE FOR SALE. -
1150— FURNITURE of a private roomlng-honse,
consisting of 2 rooms and kitchen; bargain;
$12. 850 Bryant st, upstairs. . : {¦¦.-•"'-
MAN and wife for country; wages $30; steady
employment. Room 202, Emma Spreckels
building.
4 ROOMS lurniEhed in oak. for $43 50. with No.
7 ranee. Klnc Fiiri)tii--» Cn. '127-1131 Market.
BARBERS* Progressive Union—Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 73} Mission; phone Black 4074.
PIANO lessons; 8 years' experience; 50c per
hour. Address 1710 Buchanan, near Sutter.
EXPERIENCED, reliable and locally thor-
oughly acquainted man to drive bottled beer
wagon. Apply GAMBRINUS BOTTLING CO.,
816 Tenth st. ¦
MANDOLIN, the latest fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission: violin, guitar.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing; . Spanish. 337 Phelan building. .
W. E.'CODY (late with J; T. Terry * Co. • Duys
¦ furniture, carpets. 757 Mliwton: tel. Red 33SJ.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
WANTED — Salesmen; men's furnishing goods
' department. ¦- Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 718
Market st. .
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO. .PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, country, $20; 3 waitresses, city,
.$2O; 2 restaurant ; waitresses. $6: lunch wait-
ress, 50c. no Sunday work; 2 first-class cham-
bermaids, $20; 2 chambermaids "to wait, $20;
. woman cook, $30. and chamßermaid-waitress.
same place, $20; mother and daughter to cook
for men. Nevada, " see party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 BARBERS wanted; steady work. 11 Sixth
street. I (i>l ¦!» lllllll'nl l HUH ¦JTlMlliUiflllii'lUHl
2 WAITRESSES, first-class hotel. Fresno $20;
see party here 10 a. m. to-day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st =..;......
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. ] 2195
Powell st. . .":..: •;> ••
2 SALESLADIES, candy store, $7 to begin; nc
I office fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
GOOD barber wanted Saturday and Sunday.
¦ $28 Broadway.
GOOD barber, for Saturday and Sunday. 1073
Market st, near Seventh., v 4 -r,
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
FAMILY ORDERS
Cooks, houseglrls, nursegtrls, second girls
looking for work, come and select a sltua-
- tlon from our long list of orders, and if not
suited register with C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary St. , • . - ¦ : • >
BARBER wanted for • Saturday and : Sunday;
wages. 1304V4 Valencia Bt.
WOMAN to take charge of storeroom and pan-
try, country hotel, - $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 10* Geary st.f.sj - -•¦' . i '..'¦- " ¦
ALL* sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st, bet. Ist and 2d sts. ,
FIRST-CLASS harness-maker wanted at SPIRO
HARNESS CO., 305 Market st. ..
WANTED— A first-class carriage and wagon
smith's helper at 532 Mission st.
WANTED — Good dishwasher. 628 Fourth st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— KE>IAX_.
HUNGARIAN girl wants position; 'housework
and plain cooking; fond of children; a little
English spoken: wages $12 a month. 1931
Sixteenth aye., South San Francisco.
WANTED— Position an working housekeeper by
Eastern woman; fully capable; city or coun-
try: good home more of an object than wages
117 Taylor et, room 12.
WANTED— Cook, $25, short, distance; 2 ranch
cooks, $25; 2 German or Swedish laundresses.
$30, city and country; 2 Protestant second
girls. $20: waitress. $20. Institution; 5 restau-
rant waitresses, $5, $6 a week; hotel wait-
resses, * $20. city and country: chambermaid
and waitress. $20; hotel cook, $25. $30; pantry
work, $4 50 a week; waitress and ¦ pantry
work, $25; 75 house girls for city and country,
$20. $25. J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts. .
ENGROSSING
Resolutions and diplomas a specialty. J. W.
Griffith. HeaJd's Business College, 24 Post st
AGENTS WANTED.
I.AIUK:?— >rt-nt«: pjmething new. 603 G«ary
rt.. Han Ftb. tx^wn.
ASTKOLOCY.
PROF. A. MABHKY of Egypt, greatest astroio-
c'.st and pajm'.pt In th» world; satisfaction
r-uaranfH-4 4~ O^!i3<n Gate »t>.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE fre<»: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fi~ without success: oil lections. G. W.
HOWE, att'y at law. XA Market cor. Stocktn.
¦ ADVXGB frw: nn cha.r»re unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. r ~ Market st.. cpp. Mason.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law, has re-
Funi^d i>rax-ttoe at SOS Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L. B. ''LARK. Emma Spreckels bldg:., 527 Mar-
k^t y*.: rr>r.yuitatl^r. free: no fees In advance.
11% Til CAUINETS— THERSIAI_
ROBINSON J5 4-panel folding: e*e it before
buying. W. S. HROWX, Coa-st Agt.. 416 Ellis.
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged
Holmes Rook Co.. 7(U Mission St.. near Third.
HOOT AND SHOE lIAUGAINS.
LATEST styles in men's tan chocs $1 50
Ladies' rxford ties, 75c; boys' fhoes fr,c
Baby shoes, very neat, sizes 2 to 6 Sic
People's Shoe Store, 1303 Stockton st
•£00 PAIRS drummers' sample shoes at manu-
facturer's cost. J. Kohlbecher. 145 Fourth st
BELGIAN DARES.
BASS FRANCIPCO Belgian Hare Co . 1015 Shot"
well et.. Fan Francisco. Thoroughbred Belgian
hares; Sir Britain. Rex Yukon, Prince Ban-
burj ; service fee $5. Open until 9 o'clock p. m.
BELGIAN Hares — Norman Prince. Goldbug and
Sir Styles stock; breeding does a specialty.
"I'VT California st
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
PRIVATE home for children. 1 day to 15 years,
by week or month; large Eunny yard; 6elect
neighborhood: mother's care; kindergarten;
tern it low. 1304 Pogt bet. Franklin & Gough.
WANTED — 1 or 2 children to board in German
family. 438 Minna st
BCSLNI-S8 CHANCES.
A— l2ooo— c6RNEß~grocery~^ind bar.^with four
living rooms; rent $50: 3 years' lea*e; the bent
corner on Mission et. ; place doing a gool
paying cash business; full value in sight
C-H R. G. WILKE. 90C Market «t
A— J3iO; CIGAR store; clearing $4 dally: splen-
did location: Market and East st«. ; rent $12.
Call R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market et.
A— l6o0 — SALOON and lunch hou«; established
m-ny years and doing a good paying busi-
ness; rent $40; best location; close to Sutler
et; investigate at one*; a rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKK. 906 Market Bt
JI4CC CORNER grocery store and bar. with 3
living ruome kitchen and. cellar; rent *45;
tlace established for 30 years; next to the
leading brewery of this city; a mint. Call
K. G. WILKE. 9u6 Market «t. room 8.
A-*K>O; COFFEE ealoon and restaurant: 1 block
from corner Powell and Market sts.: rent $40;
caily receipts 140; 2 living rooms. See R. G.
WILKE. W6 Market «t
A-$4;0; SALOON, with 3 living rooms; rent
117 60; Valencia et. ; good business; bargain.
It. G. WILKE. XX Market st.
A— JiOO; CORNER grooery and bar; vicinity
Sixth and Howard «ts. : living rooms; good
business: cheap rect. Call It. G. WILKE.
'."-¦6 Market ct
FRUIT and vegetable store for sale; on ac-
count of leaving city. Apply Call office.
COMPANY promotion Is our specialty; we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.&1.C0.. 220 California st. r. 6-7.
ROUTE of 844 papers on this paper for sale.
Box C, Oakland Postoffloe.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st - -' ; -' ¦
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR SALE, cheap— Gentle family horse, buggy,
harness, robe and blanket 303 Mission st.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nesg. work & driving horses. 15th &. Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you beccme disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Bth st; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.",
453 Stevenson et ; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth et.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tol. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CON'KLIN'S Carpet-beating works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offloes removed to her residence, 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B. — Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get off at Clinton Station, 2d elation from
Broadway.
ARNOLD. Dickson. give everybody tests to-
r.lght: 10c: sittings. 25c. 50c. 148 Sixth, room 1.
MRS C. J. MEYER, 335 McAllister: spiritual
readings dally; test clr. to-night, Thurs. at 2.
MRS. MARY EVANS' circle to-day. 2 and ? p.
m.: also Sun.; 10c; read, dally, 50c, $1. 142 6th.
MRS. LESTER circles Mon. and Frl.. 8 p. m.;
10c; readings 25c and DOc. 116 Fourth st
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m. ; 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MEDA HOSKINS, 1423 Mkt. bet. 10th & 11th—
Cir. Mon. 8 p. m., Thur. 2 p. m.,25c: sit. dally.
EDWARD EARLE, independent slate writer,
330 Ellis St.: circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MME. MARQUISE, medium, has remo\-ed to 5
Hyde st. ; readings and treatments daily.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. business
medium. Ilf* reader: "tlttlm-. $1. 1104 Market.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
ironing: $1 a day and car fare. Apply 254
Natoma st.
WANTED— A waiter. Hotel Falrmount. 1714
Market St. -
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
ing housekeeper: city or country; best of ref-
erences. MRS. LISTON. 1926 Market st
REFINED young woman wants place as gov-
erness, seamstress, nurse to convalescent; ref-
erences. M. G., 531 Taylor st.
WANTED— A man ; greenhouse work and pot
plants. Call at 600 Haight st.
WANTED— A woman who goes out by the day
for washing and housecleanlng; 2 days In the
week. 1321 Mason st.
WANTED— An elevator and bell boy. 29 Stock-
ton st. ' . .
NEAT fclrl for housework: small family; sleep
; home; $10. 1512 Broadway.
WANTED— GirI for general housework In small
family. 2536 California st.
NEAT girl to assist in housework; good home;
. small wages. .312 Sanchez st
TWO-CHAIR 10c barber _hopi cheap; $150.
WH>_'& FINCK. 21 O'Farrell st. ,
GIRLS WANTED. >v.. . V>:
. To work on Shirts; beginners taught LEVI
BTRAUSS - CO.. I6H Fremont st; elevator.
WANTED— A young lady experienced in short-
hand and - typewriting. < Address B. P., box
4485, ' Call office. . : p : • :
VEST finishers wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD
& CO., 718 Market st. .
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; IS
- < : — years' practice; j Examiner ' bldg.
WANTED— A .good barber- at 479 Ninth st,
Oakland. ¦ , ' " '>'-'..
RELIABLE - girl for housework; four adults;
sleep home; $15. 812 Taylor st ¦
YOUNG ' girl > for • housework; must sleep .at
home. Call after 10 a. . m., 3720 Twentieth st.
SALESLADY and makers wanted. 1323 Stock-
.. ton st. millinery.: , \ 'V" ':/
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted on coats; must
¦j be -At, it' Apply; J. ASHER, -455 Minna.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 944 Howard
St.. 10 a, m. to 10 p. m.
WANTED— A" respectable" woman . to : do . house-
work and washing. . 1618 Castro st. "
WANTED— Young girl to I take ' care of 2 chil-
; dren and assist. Call at 3953 Twenty-fifth st
GIRL, for llghtr housework.: Apply at 1389
O'Farrell st . V J^sB£9SSB3Bss«*_'B'4_s**"sESßW
OPERATORS and finishers; gents' white shirts;
experienced hands, i Rogerson's, 635 Valencia.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4' rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements. 21S Locust avenue, • bet. ¦ Van
Ness avenue. Franklin. Golden Gate aye. and
MrAlllßter ft. . mUI 'MWiIHIII'M
WANTED-By trustworthy man; capable : of
taking charge and- care of gentleman's resi-
dence, or as > coachman; thoroughly ¦ under-
stands his business; reference. : Box 3137, Call."
COLLECTOR— EIderIy man- seeks situation-
salary or commission or place - where duties
are not laborious; either ' in town or country
JAMES MARTINV 601 Post i st. • •;- •--.'
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For. Sale
40 £ HORSES : for ' sale; * also,- wagons, , buggies,
carts.' harness."- Grand 'Arcade Horse ¦ Market,
'327 Slxthst.;'auctlon sales every -Wednesday.
V, SULLIVAN& DOYLE. Auctioneers. ' '.-: ...
10 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at -1621
V and 1625 Market St., bet Twelfth and Brady;
-also some fine matched black teams. :•.'.. j •;. .-
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road I horse ; and bike
bugsy.: DALZIEL. , Vet- Dentist, 60S P.- G. ay.
HORSED $20 ; I road | buggy. "• $30 ; business wagon,
.-.s2s; 'dejlvery wagon, $35.;, 19 City Hair aye..
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Switzer's
.'Horse Market. .Twelfth 'and Market sts. :
"'ANTED— Good upholsterer at 1713 , Polk st
WANTED— An experienced I furniture salesman
for Sacramento. »> Apply 523 Market St.. room
-;¦ 7.', betwee n; 2 and 3 p. m.V; ; - ¦•_ -ixsSStSk ¦*_¦¦
10REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ellen Barry to Mary C. Barry, lot on W line
Taylor street, 112:6 N of Eddy. N 25 by W 80;
also lot on W line of Mission street, 230 S of
Nineteenth, S 2S by W 80: 1100.
William and Jennie Helbtng to Mattheus Ka
newske, lot on E line of Vermont street, 40 N
of Nineteenth, (Butte).N 25 by E 100; HO.
f-'ame to James J. Burke, lot on E line of Ver
mont street. 65 N of Nineteenth . (Butte), N 25
by E 100; $10. '-¦ : .¦-¦¦¦¦-
San Francisco . Land Company (corporation)
to Otto Flelssner, Jot on W line of Thirteenth
aveaue, 125 N of California street, N 10 by W
HO; llvOO. ¦¦
Thomas P. and Frances A. Ryan to Cora Lef
Gould (wife of C. *»".). lot on NE corner of
Twenty-first avenue and Clement street. M 75
by E J2O; IS.; •
Cora L. Gould (Holcomb, single) to Thomas
P. and Frances A. Ryan, same; $5. .
Albert H. Quatman to Gustav A. and Sarah
M. Blank, lot on NE corner of Fourth avenue
and Clement street. E J2:« by N 100; JlO. .
Catherine Hannan to Ellen Sullivan, lot en W
line of Twenty-third avenue, 200 S of Clement
street, 6 20 by W 120; »77.
Zoe F. Church (by . Henry 8. Martin, , late
6beriff) to Harry Unna. lot on E line of Twen
ty-seventh avenue, 155 S of Point Lobe* avenue
S 70 by E 120; W5O.
Citizens' Building and Loan Association -of
San Francisco to Leslie H. Collozn. ioi* 243 and
245 Holloday Map A: 1500. ' - .-.-
Frederick Kllnger to Louise Kllnger, lot on E
line of Porter avenue.* 75 8 of Worden avenue
F 25. E to Mission st. N 25:5 to beginning. West
End Map 2: gift.
George. W. and Minerva K. Frink to Abbey
F. I?ickel. lot on S line of Twelfth avenue, 237 :i
DIED.
Baum. Jacob Kelly. Patrick A.
Bell. Gertrude H. Kinder. Jchn C.
Bender, Catherine 2C Kllndt. Henry
Carroll, Michael . ilcVey. John
Cronln. Maggie Mead. Percival M.
• Dirks. Sarah L. Mohr. Anna 11. A.
EngeUce. Aurust Prezeau, Godfrey
Ennis, Mrs. Eliza Rlckerby. Alice B.
Flatland. Theodore Shannon. Anna C
Ford. Daniel Smith (Infant)
GaSney. Harry T. Smith. Mrs. Ellen
Hanley, John Sullivan. Timothy
Hellquist. Charles A. Sweeney. Cornelius
Hughes, Sarah Wlnfield -Robinson.
Jeffers, Ann Mrs. Catherine .
Johum. Frank 11.
BAUM— In thl* city. March 22, 1900, Jacob'
Baum. beloved husband of Bertha Baum.
father of Mrs. 11. Nathan and Haidee ami
Elsie Baum. and brother of 'Gustav and Hy- 1
man Baum. a native of Germany, aged 5S
years and < months. .
BELL— In Alameda, March 20, 1900. Gertrude
H. Bell, beloved niece of the late John and
Mary A. Apel. a native of Todlngton, Bed-
fordfchire. England, aged 34 years. (Wind-
sor and Bedfordshire. England, papers please
copy.>
tJT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from Christ's Epis-
copal Church. Grand etreet. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. Oakland. ,
BENDER— In this city, March 22. ISOO. Cath-
erine M.. beloved wife of J. P. Bender, a na-
tive of Cortbridre. Scotland, aged 63 years 1
month and 14 days.
*CTFri*-nd« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tbe funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 421 Twenty-ninth street. Interment
private.
CARROLL— In Redwood City, March tU 1909.
Michael Carroll, beloved husband of Ellen
Carroll, a native of Macrum. County Cork.
Ireland, aged 77 years.
C7Funeral from her late residence this
day (Friday)- A solemn high mass at Mount
Carmel Church at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crors Cemetery. Menlo Park.
CRONIN— In this city. March 21. J9OO, Maggie
Cronln. beloved daughter of Michael J. and
Annie M. Cronln, and sister of Annie Cronln
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 month and
"3 dsys.
C7The funeral will take place this day
<Friday), at % o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 1 Interment private. In Holy
Crcrs Cemetery.
DIRKS— In this city, March M. ISOO, Sarah
Louisa Dirks, beloved wife of John J. Dirks
beloved mother of Louisa Charlsan. and
daughter of Johana Murry. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 40 years and i months.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), from the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company. 2425 Mls-
slon street, near Twer.ty-flr»t, thence to Bt.
MARRIED.
LINDEMANN— COLEMAN— In Honolulu. Feb-
ruary 2*. ISCO. Ferdinand J. Undemann <!l
Honolulu and Agces J. Coleman of San Fran-
cisco.
Q Have you ever heard th.c &
O tale of the man who makes his C»
iQ living by raising rattlesnakes Q
# for the wholesale trade? Well, 0
& if you haven't, don't miss his o.
0 story to be published in next jg
0 Sunday's Call. £
CERTIFICATE OF COPARTNERSHIP— State
of California, city, and county of ?aa Fran-
clcco [ss }.
We. the undersigned, do hereby certify that
¦we are partners transacting business In sail
State, at the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, under the firm name and style of
DOMESTIC LAUNDRT: that the names In
full cf ali the members of such partnership
are George Schlndele. H. D. Morns and Jo-
eeph H. Currier, and that the places ol our
respective residences are set opposite our re-
spective names hereto subecribed.
In witness whereof we have hereunto set our
hands this 31 day of March. lfrjQ.
GEORGE SCHINDELE, place of residence,
city and county of San Francisco, State of
Califcrnia.
JOSEPH H. CURRIER, place of residence,
city and county of San Francisco. State of
California.
H. D. MORRIS, place of residence, city and
ecunty of San Francisco. State of California.
State of California, city and county of San
Francisco f#s.]
On this 6th day of March, in the year one
thousand nine hundred, before me. GEORGE
F. HATTON. a notary public In and for
said city and county, residing therein, duly
commiseloned and sworn, personally appeared
GEORGE SCHINDELE.
JOSEPH H. CURRIER and
H. D. MORRIS,
known to me to be the persons whose names
are subscribed to the within instrument, and
acknowledged that they executed the same.
[Seal.]
In witness whsreof. I have hereunto set my
band and affixed my official seal at my office
In the city and county of San Francisco, the
day and year iast above written.
GEORGE F. HATTON. Notary Publio in
and for the cltyand county of San Francisco,
State of California.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
BAIXBOAD TBAVZL.
¦¦¦¦¦>¦* rACtric c*si*PAjnr.
(FiCiric mirrxit.)
TrstlsM !•*¦»¦•> mmd arc tin* *• »rrl »• at
has nu.inMo.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
Time— H, :1!H: S. :37; N. 1:C4; 'S,, 1:29; mile. 1:42>4:-lHm. 1:53: l**ni. titL Good start. Woa
first three driving. Winner, J. Carroll's h. r.. by Imp. Midlothian-Misfortune. Winner
best. Topmant ran to form. Twinkler apparently needs a rest. Scratched— Sardonic 105,
Judge Wofford 101.
STOItAGE A.\D WAREHOUSES.
BPECIAL KOTICES.
REAL ESTATE COU.WBT — For S«l«
Pmn palt:. ~~~
One cr the very f.r.est pieces of paying basl-
r.»f« prejjerty in the city of Ran Jose. Cal..
rtjr the r*irpoF« o » closing estate of Francis
stock, deoeafvd; 7l\ feet front on First *t..
twtwwn Santa Clara and El Dorado sts . with
an --L," of Sr feet fronuure on El Dorado St.; .
all covered with business buililr.es payine S4SO
Z*r month rental.
Apply to B. F. LEIB. attorney for executors,
Pan Jose. CaL .
A GENUINE "Sr.sr" bargain: must sell this
week: to seres very richeu cf highly culti-
vated level loam 5n crop; not an inch of
waste; fenced; 110 bearing fruit trees; resi-
dence, barn. I wells, etc; 1H miles from city:
only CSOO.
N. D. FICKELS— the LAND AGENT
10 Geary ft., crp- Chronicle building. S. F.
J. vr. HORN. Sl2 Main «.. Petaluaa; real es-
tate and tharouefcbred Belgian hares. Send '
for free list of Sonoma County bargains.
A BARGAIN: COOO reach fcr lltOO; 160 acres,
house, barn. nock, furniture; all level; party
re'r* tc '"ape Ncrr.e. Particulars to H. MAT-
NARP, Hust«rs. Teharna County Cal.
t<« acres m Stanislaus County, near rail-
road: water; (rowing crop*; under fence and
all other Improvements. For particulars ad-
cret» cr call W. P. CROW, lifr Polk, city.
13 r J>— ifZ ACRES in Sonoma County; plenty
wood anl water; J", miles from railroad.
jSOI JDevisafiero rt.
UARION GRIFFIN. 71J Market, cr. Call cldg.
Land lor ule In Sonoma. Contra Co*ta. Glenn.
tyf.xa. Cruz. Phasta and Teharea Ccs.. Cal.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
I HAVE dty and country property to ex-
ctanre- M. GRIFFIN. Tl» Market st_. S. F..
r.«*»r C*:\ bcM4ir.g.
UOOMS lUX HOtSEKKEFIXO.
CALIFORNIA. r;3— Suncy parlors cr rooms for
_J*rht housekeeping; gas ranee; reasonable.
FIFTH. S4S— Two rooms furnished for house-
ieep'.r^: cheap rent.
FiLLMORE. "Stf. near C!ay-17. t large sunny
uniutx.lsh.ed r»mi; nice yard; water.
.FOLSOM. R34— 2 Itrgt sunny connecting house-
keeping rocms; stove, closets, bath; prlv&ta;
JlO a nonth.
FULTON, l£l"-» — t sunny front furnished rooms;
-».-.«.•- water; 114; also i cnfumUhed. $7;
water; yard.
HYDE, <:•%— Sunry front suite, ground floor;
yard, sink; for housekeeping; »ep. entrance.
LARGE tansy hcurekeepmg roozsa. complete-
ly furnished. 1£« Eleventh et.
I**.RKIN. So4— Scnny frcnt room. $«; large
•unr.y back rc-om. furnished for tight house-
keeping. V.
MARKET. lC2*-2 rooms furnieted for light
housekeeping. It.
JiOSS. 15. cS Howard, near Seventh— J or 1
rooms furnished complete fer housekeeping.
J*OTrELL. Cl7— Nicely fun:!ehed sunny suite;
kitchen privileges If desired; no children.
SOUTH PARK. SO— refurnished front alcove
r*v.;r:«: kitchen. 3 closets, bath; 110; others.
CC STEVENSON, between Seventh and Eighth.
In sight of the new postofSce — 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; central,
•. TWO large sunny front rooms, bedroom and
kitchen, furnished complete for housekeeping,
til per mocth. Apply shoe store, 5C2 Mission
rt.. bet. Ist and 2d tsts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and sabscrlptlons
received at Call branch efnee. ~00 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offire for Call advertisements and
f .'¦ "-r:; :.'r.» has b«en establltbed at IBS/t
Va!er;c'.a ft. .
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tiserr.fCt* End tut»crictloi;s has been opened
at I^3 Polk tt. : cpen till 9 p. m.
HOOMS TO LET Form, and Lnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rocmi
*3c to tl per eight; I: II to 15 per week, and :
light housekeeping: cpen ail night.
PERRY. 174 — A nice large furnished room, with
bath: beard If required.
BOHEMIA. 2» Port st.. ccr. Stockton— Suncy
corner suite and single rooms: hot and cold
water: elevator ar.d all conveniences.
ERTANT. TIC 3, cor. cf Nlr.th— Two front fur- j
. nisheij rcorj, cne a paricr, cheap.
BT'RNETT. 14T< Market st. (old No. 13€4>— Fur-
r.irhed nat., suites, single: also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. T» 'St. Peter's House)— New
¦ bouse, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
CALIFORNIA. SO— I elegantly furnished par-
lors. to salt teaant; cheas. ' •
CARROLLTON. U'< Market, ccr. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny comer; well fum.; rms. & offices.
FIFTH. n-fEil! alcove, etove. 12 50; rooms
with kitchen, sink. X T5; others. II 15 and
u;»arj: refpectatile; clean.
F^U-OU. K5. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
lur^irhed rooms; suites or single; new rr.rmt.
FIiANKLIN. 21 (Newport)- Nicely furnlthed
r .cc: ru'.te or single; also housekeeplnc.
GEART. *C 5 rrhe Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rocßr;vu!tes cr single; travelers accom.
GIRARD HOUSE. IS2 Seventh— Pleasant eunny
rocrre: cay cr week; moderate rates.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7fl Mission rt.— Select
family rooming house; f 1 SO to %& f*r week.
HiWARD, K>— Roctns frcm XI week up to ID,
He to n night: also housekeeping romos.
LEAVEXVOBTB, IClj— Three rear connecting
ur.furr.">hed rooms; bath; rent $10.
MINNA. 6C7. corner Eighth— New furnished bay
window rocm. fl per week; transient.
NATOMA, 442 V-A dee large sunny room for
rent, to a lady cnlv.
NINTH O— Nicely furnished sunny roomt to
let.
OFARRELL. SO — Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator: electric lights: day. wk.. mo. j
POST, €H — Two email sunny rooms, furnished ;
IS each per month; Protestant Christians; ;
aelther drir.k nor smck.e In the bouse.
POWELL, 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or eing'e; running water: gas; reas.
BOSEDALE House. *JIS & S2l El'.ls St.— Rooms,
r.ight. 2- T c to fl: week. II 25 to $4: open nljrht. .
ROYAL HOUSE. Xi Ellis st— lncandescent
- light, reading rocm. smoking room and ladles*
parlor: rocms. per night. Cc to II 50: week. 12
to I*; month. IS to 120; elex-ator on office Socr;
rrvoms with hct ar.d ccid mater; baths.
PAN ANTONIO, tl Tayicr. near Market— An
u;>-to-<!ate fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture; hot and ccid water; radiators; salt
•¦< a baths; suites and single rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House. IS Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnlthed.
THE OAKS, lit Third — A rood rooming house
for good people. R. HITCHES. Proprietor.
THE PIEDMONT. USA Sixth— 6unny furnished
rooms; double and single; easy terms.
XHIRD. «IS— New house; newljr furnished
rooms: also housekeeping rooms; reasonable;
ga»: bath.
TX'RK. 24 — Punny furnished rooms, 'tl 25 per
week; eultes. J4 up; changed hands.
TWELFTH. 145 — Sunny furnltsbed rooms; coni-
plete for hou»ekeep:ng.
TWENTIETH. 4^l. near Castro— A flat cf 4
beautiful large rooms, with bath; completely
furnished for housekeeping; hct and cold
water; ; gas and telephone; new house: fine
view: healthy location; in a small, private
ftmi'y: no children wanted; rent reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 230 Flllmore
X BRANCH office for Call advertisements *tA
subscriptions has been ertabllshed at 10H
Valencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subwcriptlors has been opened I
at 133 P"*fr *' ¦'¦ rr-en ustil Sp. m. I
ro° w s A^LTHP:
yoTL'NG rr.arrled couple want two or three neat
furnished housekeeping re-un eentraily lo-
cated; state terms. Bo« SIX. Call office. ¦
ROOMS A.\D DOARD. ——
HOTHL^FaIrMOUNT. njT'Market st!— Ele- I
par.tly furnished itunr.y rooms; en suite or sin- 1
«rle: »:rh or without board; table £rst class; J
reduced rates. I
NEW family hotel ; first class In ail appoint- i
jxents- «xce!!ent tsble : epedal lnduceme-nti to I
eelect people. M 7 California St.. occupying
J rorner opposite Grace Church.
BELGRA^A Hotel. Polk and Clay-Sunny
bay-window rooms: superior board: modern
conveniences; rates reasonable. •
HOTEL~iALISBURr. Hyde aad Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly reco%-ated: elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS. li» Market st. -Suite of J or I
rros.: private: bath: s'.n. rms.: board optional.
VAN NESS are.. M 4 (Tbe Wallace)— Roomi
and boarti: furrlshed and unfurnished: 120 up.
ROOMS A>P PO aRP %VAyTEP *
WANTED by married" couple (desirable ten-
ar.tt >— Large, sunny modern room, with imtl
artrtmect sdjolnlar for lightest of housekeep-
ing; breakfast only: private; east cf \aa >«as
aye. Box VS*. Call. -
STUDENT wants room atd board: convenient
to Tayicr and Market sts.: not to exceed l».
- A«ldr»«» box Zl3& Call office. _^__
lEUISC MACHINES AA» St'l'l'LlKS.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Etandard Agency. Hi Cth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; r«-
j*lrtng at lowest rates. *0» Fourth st. ;
m«s/-4\/ov AGO..
PfSEHAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMERS
US Market st.. between 6th and Sth.
Telephone South 247. " {
Q Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 KEAR-fTKT. Establish*!
In 1H34 for tne treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manfcnod. Debility or
dh-ea*e*-«artnr 011 faprfyand mind sjid
skin D'»«i*»-s. Tnedociorcumwbvtt
ntfierstall- Try him. Cbar^o iow
<'nrr>(asram*r<l. Call orwrtte.
Or. 4. It. hiuoi. Box is»T. Saa ¦— " ,
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and snost
i luxurious train across tbe continent.
Co-*:*ECTx:ro Tkaix Leaves Sax Fkaxciscos
i P.H. Monday. Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arrivlnz In Chicago at 2:15
P.n in tame to connect with all limited
. trains for New York.
OVERLAND LeaTes Saa Francisco at 5:30
EXPDFS& p. m. with Palace and Tonnst
rT aii v cars iot Kansas City, St. Lotus,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains Vtween Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno. Han ford, Visalla, Tatars r>n 4 r»
and BakersfieW. ROAD
SEC YOU IN Saa Francisco office. 623
TDIS»f*O tinnN Market Street. Phone Mai a
TKISIU iOUrS ISIV Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way : Sacramento. 2CI J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
fiaata Clara Street. 9Otaak^amvaai»mMXMmm
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Shusallto Perry. •»
Commencing October 3, ISM.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «»7:OO. "9:30. 11:09 a. m.: "IM*.
•3:40. 5:15. *AO. «:30 D. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa Ra-
faal. on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at »:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— "SrOO. »10^0. ,11:U a. m.; naa.
1:15, *>4:45. 6:30. S"00 p. m.
¦ Trains marked (¦) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO46AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. 1:X. 7:45. «9:40 a. m. ;
n2:30. 2:15. "3:40, »5:13 p. m. •• - ¦
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays aad
Saturdays at t:4O and 1C:1S p. m. •- ¦ * ¦
SUNDAYS—*:*). -•8:00. "10:00, ni:46 a. nv :
n-40 "SilS. 4:45. *"S:3O tx m.'
Trains marked CO start from Ban Quentin.
FR^M MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-i:45. . 6:48. 1:55. »:45 a. m.;
1J:35. 2:35. 3:45. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at. 7:00 and 10:20 p. m. -
Sundays— 8:06. 10:05 a. m.: v:«. tos. ijo.
i:00 f:45 p.m. — • ¦¦
. THROUGH TRAIXS.
T:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way stations.
MOUMT TAMALPfIIS : SCENIC RfilLWAf
ixave San Francisco via tiausallto Kerry.
Week Day 5 ..............»:» a. m. and l:tf p. m.
Sundays.. 1:00, 10:9s a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
etcam- heated, cteasd ear as all trains.
**Fkisi Ban Fraadsoa to Hommlx aad Return.
JTW of P street. NW 37:6 by BW 100, block 281,
O'Neill & Haley Tract; gift.
Hannah Lee (wife of Joseph) to Ida A. Le«.
lot tl. block 10. Sunnyslde; $10.
¦ M. C and Owen E. Brady (by R. L" Whelan.
late Sheriff) to Thomas Clark*, lot on SW.cor
ner of Corbett road and Hattle street, W 25.64.
S BS.SE 25.18, N 74.1U4: $431..
I M McCann to D. J. Mahoney, lot on SW cor
ner of Corbett .road and Hattle street, W- 25.54.
S 68.59. SE 25.18.. N.71M. lot 63. block C, Park
Lane Tract: $S.v
1 Percy and Emille 8. Beamish to J. R. How
ell' lot en E line of Van Ness avenue, 37:6 8
cf Francisco, 825 by E 9S; $ia >¦ .
Theodore . and Bertha Endorle to Claus Al
pers ,lot on SE corner of Butter and FlUmors
streets. S2sby E 65: $10. - ?
-" Mary •A. and Edward J. Healey to Matilda
Healey. lot on B line of: Pine street, -273 W of
Webster. W 27. by 8 100; gift. . . .:.;"¦«. :
John H. - Dissmeyer . to Merchants'. Loan As
sociation, lot on H line of Twenty-sixth street,
134:8 E of Noe.iE 2 by N 114: $10.-
Merchants' Loan Association -to' Frederick
Fischer, lot on N line of Twenty-sixth street.
134:8 E of Nee. E 25:4 by N 114: »IMO.
Emella Ursln ' to William and . Charles Bet*,
lot on NW line ¦¦ of : Natoma street. ' 115 SW of
Eighth. SW 25 by NTT 75; HO. •
Louis and Rosa Lipman to Babette Moeeltng
(wife of William), lot »n SE corner- of I street
¦nd Twelfth avenue.- ES2:6 by S 100; $10.%- ¦;
William Moegllng to same, same; gift. •';. . "¦-
Builders' Contracts.
C. T. Ryland (owner) with A.'< C. v Smile (con
tractor).", architects . Mahoney A • Ryland— All
work f or . three-rtory frame (3 flats) on S. line
of EUln streets 77:« .W; of Laguna, W 31:4 by
B SO; $7575. - • < . ¦¦ •::,:.¦ v..- ¦'¦ -. ; ¦ ':¦?:'.¦¦¦'.¦.¦¦:
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE
E J Cauper, Minn
B P Baker. Cal
J A Lawrence. Chicago
Mrs Lawrence, Chicago-
W W Damsy. N V- ¦ I
R S Johnson, Cal 1
Mrs R S Johnson. Cal
J E Gates, Chicago j
Mrs Gates, Chicago
C G Gates. 1 Chicago
A A Gates. Chicago
J LEI wood. Chicago i
Mrs Eiwood. Chicago I
B F Ray, Chicago 1
Mrs B F Ray. Chicago
W A Frost. Chicago. .
F H Oxnard. Redding!
C F Ayer. Boston !
J Dunsmuir, Victoria |
Mrs Dunsmuir. Victoria;
Mrs W B Roswelt, Call
C D "Vv" Bromwell. USA
F W Kemp,. Cal
3 A Doherty, Cal ,
E J Well, N Ys-
J L Murphy. Illino*
F-*W Pitcher, Boston
Mrs Pitcher, Bcston .
Dr 8 O Post, N V
J,A McCall. NT
A' Knab, : Ohio !
H Z Oslßorne. Los Angi
Mrs L R Herd, Japan
J L' Murphy, Illinois
F W Pitcher, Boston
Mrs Pitcher, Boston
B T : Tierno. Nev
I T Eaton. Chicago
Mrs Eaton, Chicago
J F Clark. : Chicago
Mrs - Clark. Chicago
T Couch. ¦: Montana .
C H Sunbower," Cal
B H Kldmljt, N T ' j
A B Crowell. N,Y !
G'¦ A Farlow. • Boston :
Mrs Farlow, ~ Boston
W.L Vail. Los Ang
Mrs Vail, Los Ang
A C Vail. Los Ang |
Mrs A C Vail. Los Ang
R A Hammond. Boston
C Pardee.-. Philadelphia
Mrs C Pardee. Phila - '
Mis* O Pardee, Phlla-
Miss H Pardee, . Phlla :
AC : Shane. • Colo •
Mrs A C Shane. Colo :
A 8 Shaud. N V,
T Mat souks, Hawaii ..
HOTEL.
R C McKerran. London
Mrs S Watson, London
R C Rawllngs, Mo
X Uaheshuna. Japan
Mrs Uaheshuna. Japan
W J Carlisle. Los Ang
J C Hurdley. England
M Wado, Japan
R Koudo. Japan
M Otayama. Japan
B Sugino. Japan
CAB Martinez. Italy
P A Goral. Italy
W R Bodlseor.. Russia
P A Vaseraztsow, Rus
Lieut B Ellis. U S X
E Runge, China
Mrs Runge. China
A Schaffe. China
H R Lewis. Manila
C M Hunter, 8 Rafael
Dr H Brown, Chicago
Mrs Brown. Chicago
C D E Broir.wpll, CSN
W C Wyman. Mass
E O Wheeler. NY
Raymond Excursion.
Miss M Haskeil.
E B Haskell.
Mrs Haskell.
|Mrs M E Perkins,
Mrs M S Hlnkiey.
Miss A F Smith.
C H Marshall.
Mrs M B Davis,
iMrs H H Haskell.
IW F Howard. ~
¦J Henderson,
;Miss A F Turtle.
Miss M Mesner,
|P E Sanford. ¦
Mrs : Sanford.
Mls« M H Phelr*.
F L Bell and wife.
! H M Smith.
Mrs Smith.'
Mrs JCook.
F L Dewey^,
Mrs F L Dewey,
Mlfs U Brlggs,
'S R Briggs,
A Garner..-
Mrs A ¦ Garner,
D ¦ Varney."
Mrs D . v arney,
iC A- Perry.
IMrs C'A Pernr.tSKlHSsgS
California 1 imited
Santa Fe Route
Will Hold a Flower Fete.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, March 22.—The ladies of
St. Luke's Guild are arranging to hold a
flower fete on the 20th of ApriL
COAST MTlsin-4 (It road Gas*;*).
(Third mid Town-set wl St*)
COAST Dl Vl>IO" (Narran Caage).
(Foot cf iiirkct Street)
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
COPAUTXEKSHIP >OTICES.
AN tntroductlcn to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
GRAND HOTEL.
J Smith. Petaluma
S Meyer, Santa Rosa
H H Hunter, San Jose
H J Nelson. Concord
G Peiraro. San Jose
J R Chace. San Jose
D W Waaley. Chlco
C W Vaughn. Fresno
J M C Jasper. WhearJd
E D Gardner, Rd Bluff
S G Simpson. Seattle
Miss Simpson. Seattle
S A Lowd, Hanford
A Brooks. Chicago
M Brooks, Chleazo
G F Kirschner & w. Ia
W Coughlan A w, Cal|
F LJndeberjr. Ls Ang
F H Glenn & w. Mo
Mrs C H Hotaling. Cal
J A Haskett. Kansas
R Wilkinson & w. Cal
D J Styne Honolulu
J BlankfleM. N V
J M Barlow. Utah
C Rogers. Yokohama
J H Freellng. Chicago
P H Molse. S L Obisp
NEW WESTI
J E Hamlin. Mont
M E Lyon. lowa
A P Klnr. Unalaska
S Ersklne, Idaho
J Maloney. San Jose
C We'.ls. Vallejo
R H Herlot. Sacto
W H Lang. Fresno
F H Morrell. Chicago
W G Sener & w. Pa
A C Morrison. CsJ
L Block. Arroyo Grnae
W M Steele te w. 11l
F A Arterith. Yreka
H J Kllgariff 4 w. Cal
W Montros*. N V
S S Edwards, Ind
A C Hart. Sacto
J R Donoh. Angels
A M Sindel. Seattls
M Davis, San Jos«
O F Atwood. Stockton
M Karper. Chicago
J D Mlllspaugh. N T
R M Hartley & w. Pa,
E G Case. Ukiah
J B Sanford. Uklah
Miss P Meredith. Nape.
IE G Farber. Cloverdal*
I Miss W Snodgrass. O
R V Gearty. N V
C A PhillDPS. Sacto
M Drepenbrook. Sacto
M Cody, Los Medanos
A Anderson & w. Cal
I Dr H W Abbott. Mo
IW L Reed. Sulsun
iS Dell. Astoria
ERN HOTEL.
Miss M B-irsress. Mass
F Hopkins. Stockton
R Baxter. Chicago
J Roche, Chicago
C W Babcock. Oregon
J L Smith. Salt Lake
F Davidson. Marysvlle
J C Qulgley. Madera
H Freeman. Los Gatos
076. SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse, J4OO.
WHY pay rent when J550 buys a home in
Berkeley: lot 44x125; within 2 blocks of car
and near university; come and see It at once.
O. G. MAY & CO.
973. THIRD RACE— One mile; handicap; three-year-olds and upward: rurs*. tCOO.
ALUICDI REAL ESTATE.
ROOMS papered from S3: whitened, tl up:
painting done. Hartman Pair.t Co.. Sl9 Third.
071. FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds: rurse. »4W.
AM going to start a private home for old gen-
- Uemen who crave Independence of relatives
and yet want home comforts and privileges;
references. Applicants address for further
Information M. . L.. Calk office. Oakland.
James Church, where services will be said at
1 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. " ,
ENGELKE— In this city, March 20. 1900. Au-
gust, beloved husband of Elizabeth Engelke.
and father of Emma. Leontlne. August,
Charles, Albert. Ella, Willie and Gertie En-
gelke, a native of. Hanover. Germany, aged
&5 years 3 months and 23 days.
CTPrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1817 Stockton street, between Or«n-
wlch and Lombard. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
RIGGERS* and Stevedores' Union Association-
Funeral notice: The delegation from Paul
Jurlx to \Edwanl Maloney. inclusive, will
assemble at their hall this day (Friday), at
1 o'clock sharp, to atttend the funeral of our
late brother, August Engelke.
THOMAS FORD. President.
F. E. DURHAM. Rec. Sec.
ENNIS-In San Rafael. March 21. 1900. Mrs.
Ellia Ennis. beloved sister of Mrs. M. Stap-
penback. Mrs. E. Schwiesan and Philip Klara.
a native of Germany, aged €2 years and 3
months.
C7"Frlen<Js and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, corner of . First and - B streets. In-
• terment Mount Tamalnais Cemetery.
FLATLAND— In Alameda. March 21. 1900, Theo-
dore, beloved son of S. and Nellie Flatland.
and brother of Alexander Martin. Matt and
Sam Flatland, a native of Wisconsin, aged 23
FORD^In this city. March 22. 1500. Daniel,
husband of the late Hanorah Ford, and father
of Daniel F.. Jchn E-. James H. and Y. ll-
liam T. Ford, a native cf Ireland, aged 6S
years.
C^Ncttce of funeral hereafter.
GAFFNEY— In this city, March 22, 1500, Harry
T.. beloved husband of Jennie Gaffney. and
brother of Mrs. John J. Dougherty, a native
of Australia, aged 44 years. A member of
F"ather Matthew T. A. A. B. Society and
. Borromeo Council No. 12J, Y. M. I. :
tTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
March 25. at 11:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors cf McAvoy & Co.. 1235 Market street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HANLET— In Seattle. March 14. ISOO, John, be-
loved eon of Ellen and the late Thomas Han-
ley. and brother of Thomas, James, Joseph,
yarale and the late William Hanley. a native
of Sydney. Australia, aged 34 years and »
months.
HELLQUIST— In this city, March 31. 1900,
Charles Adolph Hellqulst. beloved son of
Captain M. A. and Annie Hellqulet. and
brother of Robert and Harold HellquUt, a
native of San Francisco, aged 10 years 5
months and • days. (Eureka papers plea&e
copy.)
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1748 Harrison etreet, between Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth." Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
HUGHES— In this city. March 22. 1900. Barah.
beloved wife of William Hughes, and mother
of William Hughes Jr.. Mrs. William Wedge-
wood and Mrs. William Halllnan, a native of
Ecnisklllen, Ireland, aged 60 years and 10
months.
JEFFERS— In this dty, March *23, 1900. Ann.
beloved wife of the late Thomas Jeffers. and
mother of Margaret and Sarah Jeffers, a na-
tive of Belfast, Ireland.
CTTuneral to-morrow (Saturday), at 1:30
o'clock, from her late residence. 18 Faith
street, between Holladay avenue and Bru-
ster street. Interment private. Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
JOHUM— In this dtr March 22, 1900. Frank
H. Johum, a native of New York, aged 27
years.
C^ Remain? at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., lir? Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
KELLY— In this city. March 21, 1?00,' Patrick
A., beloved husband of Sarah Kelly, father
of Philip and Florence Kelly, and brother of
Peter J. and Katie Kelly, a -native of Salem.
Maps., aged 45 years. (Boston. Mass., papers
please copy.)
C^Funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 9:30
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Porter
& White, 122 Eddy street. Interment private.
KINDER— In thia city. March 22. 1900. John
Charles Kinder, beloved husband of the late
Cicilie Kinder, father of Mrs. C. Weber, and
grandfather cf Charles, Heinrlcke and Clcllle
Weber, a native of St. Pauly. Hamburg, Ger-
many, aged tl years 2 menths and 22 days.
KLINDT— In this city. March 22. 1900, Henry,
beloved husband of Dora Kllndt, and father
of William, Henry Jr., Louis, Martha, Dora.
Robert and Charles Kllndt. a native of
Tonnlne, Germany, aged 69 years 4 months
and 9 days.
McVEY— In this city. March 21. 1900, John Mc-
Vey. a native of Ireland, aged 35 years and
10 months.
CT" Remains at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company. 20 Fifth
street.
COURT BONITA No. 43. Foresters of America
— OlScerj and members of Court Bonita No.
43 are requested to attend the funeral of our
late brother. John McVey. from Mangels'
Hall, corner of Twenty- fourth and Folsom
strens, Sunday. March 25, at 10:30 o'clock
sharp. By order of
HENRY C. HERMAN. C. R.
D. O'CALLAGHAN. Fin. Sec
MEAI>-In Seattle.. Wash.. March IS.- WOO. Per-
cival M. Mead, beloved son of Mrs. C. J.
Loev.ene, a native of New York City, aged 41
years 1 month and 16 days.
MOHR— In this city, March 22. 1900. Anna
Maria Agnes Mohr, dearly beloved and young-
est daughter of Joseph and Maria Mohr. and
sister of Joseph Jr., Leoboldina. Cecelia,
Thomnadina. Theresla. Charles and Faronlca
Mohr. a native of San Francisco, aged 7
years 1 month and 12 days.
PREZEAU— In this city. March 22. 1900, God-
frey, dearly beloved husband of Caroline Pre-
zeau. a native of Canada, aged 4$ years.
(Montreal. Canada, papers please copy.)
EyFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 5:43 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, £30 Goueh street, between Grove and
Fulton, thence to Notre Dame dcs Victolres
Church. Buflh street, between Grant avenue
and Stockton street, where a requiem hfgh
mas* will be celebrated for the repose of his
poul. commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
RICKERBT— In this city. March 20. ISOO. Alice
Blos*«tt. beloved wife of William Rickerby,
and beloved mother of Mrs. W. Ferns, Mrs.
J. H. Knarston and Alexander T. 8.. Wil-
liam J. and Florence B. Rlckerby. aged 64
years. (Omaha and New York City papers
please copy.)
tTT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully" Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 122S Treat avenue, thence by electric
funeral car at corner of Thirtieth, street and
San Jose avenue, at 1:45 o'clock. Interment
Cypres? Lawn Cemetery.
SHANNON— In this city. March 20, 1900. at the
Wellesley Hotel, corner California and Lar-
kln etreets. Anna C. Shannon, aged 85 years.
•C7"FTlendi« are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Friday), at
2 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray & Co.,
641 Sacramento street-
EMITH— In the City and County Hospital.
March 22, 1300, Infant son of Rebecca Smith,
a native of California. a«ed 1 day. '
6MITH— At San Quentin. Mrs. Ellen Smith,
wife of the late Frank Smith, and aunt of
Mrs. Kate Cunningham, a native of County
Clare. Ireland, aged 7s years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully in\-lted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. San Quentin. thence to St. Raphael's
Church. San Rafael, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
BULLIVAN-In this city. March 20. 1900. Tim-
othy Sullivan, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, ared S5 years.
JC7Remalns at the parlors of J. C O'Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
SWEENEY— In this city. March 20, 1300. Cor-
1 nellus, beloved husband 'of Ellen Sweeney,
and brother of Dennis Sweeney, a native of
the t>arUh of Tulough, County Cork, Ire-
' land, aged 35 years.
tn7"Ftien(!s and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. ~3t Tehama street, between Eighth
and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of hi* soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WINFIELD-ROBINSON— In this city, March
21. 19W. Mrs. Catherine Wlnfleld-Roblnson.
dearly beloved mother of Edward F. and
James Wlnfleld, . a native of Pennsylvania.
aged 50 years % months and 6 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, frcm her late resi-
dence. 7 Washoe place, oft Vallejo street, be-
tween Powell and Mason. Interment Laurel
HIU Cemetery. ¦¦->-,;.:,".
CONSTELLATOR A
COLT OF CLASS
WHEN JUST FIT
Won the Handicap at Tan
foran Galloping From
Some Fair Ones.
Bollick Downed His Field in the
Two- Year-Old Scramble— Forte
Is Beaten Out by
"Weller.
The Elmwood farm's three-year-old
Constellator. carrying 19 pounds, disposed
of some average racing hardware in rag
time at Tanroran yesterday. His close
second to Ventcro some days ago had ap
parently be«n overlooked, for 8 to 1 was
freely offered about him in the betting- on
the mile handicap. Johnny Ranch, . who
had the leg up, got away from the post
next to last on the outside, but showed In
front soon after turning Into the back
stretch. From that on it was only a ques
tion as to the place horse. Daisy F, the fa
vorite, securing the position three lengths
before Erwln. Jack Martin, on the latter,
indulged in considerable rough riding, for
which his mount was disqualified and
show honors given to The Fretter.
A perfect gale blew over the course,
rocking the grandstand and greatly re
tarding the progress of the horses In the
sail home. Favorites managed to annex
three purses.
The fast but unlucky Combermere was
again made favorite for the two-year-old
scramble, and once more finished second.
Cut off right after the start, he reached
the wire In time to be beaten a length by
Rollick, the Burns & Waterhouse entry,
ridden by Shields. Floranthe, at 50 to 1.
ran a good third.
- Corrigan's sprinter Afghan closed equal
favorite with Peace for the six-furlong
sprint, after at one time ruling choice In
the betting. Henry on Peace outbroke the
bunch, winning all the way. Olinthu3 fin
ished third, behind Afghan. The fir3t
named horse was disqualified and Jennie
Reid placed third.
A squad of four lined up for Inspection
in the mile and three furlongs selling af
fair, with Catastrophe a topheavy choice.
Topmast and Twlnkler were backed to
some extent, but indulged In a fruitless
chase from the start. Henry on the cholca
made all the pace, beating out Toprcast
very cleverly, while Twinkler ran last be
hind Tappan.
, With only five starting In the two-milo
event Barney Schrelber's Forte was looked
upon as a certainty. After cutting out all
the running he had his colors lowered by
Weller, the second choice, piloted by
Powell and well backed. Tom Calvcrt
"showed."
For the final mile run Flamora, the fa
vorite, proved an easy winner over Dr.
Nembula.
Track Notes.
After his rides on Olinthus and Enrln
the Judges suspended Jack Martin for
thirty days. Both of the horses men
tioned were disqualified for show honors.
In ¦Weller, Marley Klttleman has a very
likely candidate for the Thornton stcke.
A mild "killlngr" was made on the horse
yesterday. . .
Henry, who Is now the kingpin, piloted
three winners yesterday.
Charley Thorpe was reported as resting
easily after his severe accident on
Wednesday, but will be seen In the saddle
here no more this season.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Four furlongs: maiden two-year
olds; purse.
. Ml Socapa 111! ... Immodell lIS
¦ 'hi St. Rica 107| 941 Carlonian 11l
9«9 Gaylon Brown.. ljai 9i3 Maldonado 110
Sl« Oscar Tolle 114! S4l Briton 11l
941 Parsifal liai S4l Follow Me 11l
... Jim Hale llS
"Second race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling..
&O Mafada 113: 965 Miss Soak 103
630 King Carnival. .llo! 915 Orion :.110
*>«2 Amasa 110 i 9(0 Sorrow .....103
6«1 Lothian 107| 4JS Lodestar 110
957 Chappie lift; 913-February 107
731 Montanus 110 i 9(6 Relna de Cuba..lW
S6S Casdale 107; S«J Mocorito ICS
WO Mr. Johnson 110' 954 True Blue 110
Third race— One mile and an eighth; three
year-olds; selling.
970 Prestome MS [943 Florablrd 11!
965 Red Cherry 1051 966 The Lady 11l
Fourth race— One mile; four-year-olds and
upward.
946 Storm King ....116! 67! Poorlands -103
946 Hard Knot .....lit: 958 Arbaces 110
(963) Scotch Plaid. ...llB'
- Fifth race — Seven furlongs; . three-year-olds
and upward.
972 Sister Alice 111! 943 Burdock 95
J*o Monda 110, 942 Gauntlet 10»
9SS Alaria 103* 963 Silver Tone 110
964 Thomas Carey.. 99;(958)Silver Tall IC2
972 Rosalbra '. 116 : S3o.Katle Gibbons. .lCS
836 Los Prietos .....109: (942)Mcmentum ...;.U«
834 White Fern .....10S| 933 Matt Hogan 99
96« Cromwell .:.-.... 112 | 579 Mary Klnsella.,lo7
(9«4)Joe McGeo ...... 99 1'
Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward.
952 Perseus ....109|(9i2)Raclvan 105
955 Captive ...... .-.112? 575 Dogtown 112
9«3 Mamie G 107j 961 El Mldo 103<
963 Facade 10Si(93S)Flamero ..\lOB
957 Henry C 113! 875 Snips no
960 Senora Caesar... 103! 9«1 Red Pirate 10S
963 Espionage ..'....103| 563 Bishop Reed HI
937 Wyoming 109 937 Sardonic 107
956 Einstein .slO9!
Selections for To-Day.
First racs— Maldonado. Follow Me, Socapa.
Second racs— Kin* Carnival. Mr. Johnson.
February.
Third race— The Lady, Florablrd. Prestoms.
Fourth race— Hard Knot, Scotch Plaid, Ar
baces.
Fifth race — Gauntlet, Silver Tall, Momentum.
Sixth race — Flamero, Wyoming, Sardonic
TH E CALL'S RAC ING CH A RT.
(Copyright. 1»* by H. H. Esbert.)
T^ANFORAN PARK.' Thursday, March 22. ISO".— Weather fine. Track fast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1900.
MISS SKYROCKET
WON THE STAKE
AT INGLESIDE
False Flatterer Was Runner
Up After Winning Some
Good Courses.
Shortenders Made a Good Showing
and Captured Eighteen Out of
Fifty-Six Buns, Some at
Good Odds.
The midweek stake at Ingleside Cours
ing Park . yesterday was a great one for
the short ends, the favorites being bowled
over in no less, than eighteen of the flfty-
Eix courses run. The day's programme
was a long drawn out affair owing to the
many undecided course* and "no goes,"
at least twenty hares which refused to
take straight runs being driven to ths
escapes.
The attendance was large for a midweek
stake, and the regulars were treated to a
good card, in which the courses were
close and nearly even almost throughout.
False Flatterer in the third tie beat Hur
ricane after a no go, and in the next tie
beat Twin City Girl, a 3 to 1 favorite, in a
good course. The hare favored the old
cog somewhat, but ho led the Girl the way
through. Selling at even ia the final.
Flatterer was beaten out by Miss Sky
rocket unsighted.
Of all the short ends none went stronger
than 1 to 3, though there were many at
that price. In the second round they
came in bunches, five successive courses
foing against the favorites, much to th»
elight of the pikers.
-Miss Skyrocket won the final, with
False Flatterer as runner-up. She won
successively from Olympus B—l, Lady
Sears 3—2. Wise Gazaba 3— 2, a bye with
Modesty and Sleety Mist B—4.8 — 4. Following
were the day's results, with Judge J. P.
Reilly's official scores;
Midweek stake— E. M. Kellogg'i lowa Maid
beat J. McNeil's Black Hawk. 11—8; James
Hurley's Hurricane beat Maher & Reid's Nellie
Bawn, J— i; J. O'Dowd's Shootover beat Cap
tain Kane's Mlra Monte, 10—6; J. Edmcnds'
Go On beat M. B. Kavanagh's Hard Lines,
4— t: T. A. Gaffney's False flatterer beat S.
Mahoney's Nellie G, 8—1; J. Edmonds' Morn-
Ing Glory beat James Hurley's O.K Capitol,
B—2; H. Lyons' Moloch beat J. Perry's Olga.
7—6;7 — 6; C. E. Wiley's Merry Monarch beat Curtis
& Sons' Terrona, 4—l; H. Lyons* Dick L beat
James Byrnes'. Battleship. 4—l; Curtis & Sons'
Terronlte beat D. Dillon's Modesty, s—o; James
Byrnes' Eleven Spot beat T. J. McHugh's Moss
Rose. 4—o; E. M. Kellotrgr's Ben's Babe beat
J. McNeil's Captain Byrnes, 4—3; D. Dowst's
Sarcastic beat H. Lyons' Duty, B— 2; James
Dean's. Alamo beat Ralph L. Taylor's Rowdy
Bey, "— S; Sam Handy' s Twin City Girl beat
S. Mahoney's Chief of the HIU. 6-0; J. R.
Smith's Magic beat D. Hoopers Morse Patrol.
4—3; J. R. Smith's Master Davenport beat J.
Charlton & Sons' Temple, 4—3:4 — 3: James Hurley's
Shylock Boy beat Connell Bros." Black Tom,
*— 0; F. McComb's Sleety Mist, a bye: Ralph
Taylor's Winning Lassie, a bye; G. W. Helnu's
Herschel's Pride beat D. Dillon's Castle Island
Boy. 6—!; Curtis & Sens* Cash beat J. An
thony's Patriot. 12—5: James Dean's Brilllan
tlne beat R. Attridge's Masterpiece. s—o:5 — 0: Maher
& Reid's Singleton beat E. M. Kellogg's lowa
Girl. s—o; D. Dowst's (names) Wise Gezaba
beat D. Down's Flush of Gold. 4—o; James
Byrnes' Nellie B beat Connell Bros.' Sweep,
6—l; J. R. Smith's Lady Sears beat G. W.
Heintz's Rustic Beauty, » 4— i: F. McComb's
Miss Skyrocket beat J. Byrnes' Olympus, £—1.
First tie — Hurricane beat lowa Maid, 3—o;3 — 0;
Go On beat Shoot Over. 6—o: False Flatterer
beat Morning Glory. s—o; Moloch beat Merry
Monarch, 7—3; Dick L beat Terronlte, 10—0;
Eleven Spot beat Ben's Babe, s—o; Alamo beat
Sarcastic 4—o; Twin City Girl beat Magic.
S — 2; Master rjavenport beat Shylock Boy, 3—l;3 — 1;
Sleety Mist beat Winning Lassie, J— l; Cash
beat H-rjchel's Pride. 7—l; Singleton beat
Brilllantine. i— o; Wise Gexaba beat Nellie B,
s—l: Miss Skyrocket beat Lady Sears. J— l.
Second tie— Hurricane beat Go On. 7— s:. False
Flatterer beat Moloch. 6—o: Dick L beat Eleven
Spot. 6—o; Twin City Girl beat Alamo.' 6—l;
Sleety Mist beat Master Davenport. 7—3: Cash
beat Singleton, !— *; Miss Skyrocket beat Wise
Gezaba, 6—B6 — 8- - -• :
Third tie— False Flatterer beat Hurricane.
6—4; Twin City Girl beat Dlek L, 4— t: Sleety
Mist beat Cash. &— 5: Miss Skyrocket, a bye.
Fourth tie— False Flatterer beat Twin City
Girl 4—l;4 — 1; Miss Skyrocket beat Sleety Mist,
6—4.
Final— Miss Skyrocket beat False Flatterer,
6-0.
WELL MATCHED DOGS
DRAWN FOR INGLESIDE
The Card for Next Saturday and Sun
day Should Furnish Some
Excellent Sport.
The drawing for Saturday and Sunday's
coursing at Ingleside Park was held last
night at Pythian Castle. The card is for
non-winners and is limited to eighty en
tries.
A slxteen-dog champion stake has been
announced for Sunday, April 1, and
among the dogs already entered are such
stake winners as Flora McDonald, j Con
nemara, Golden Rule, Young America,
Master Claire, Wild Tralee, St. Helen and
Mamie Pleasant. The draw for Saturday
and Sunday resulted in pairing off as
follows:
Non-winners' stake— J. Byrnes' Elevenspot
vs J. R. Smith's Lady Sears; F. McComb's
Onespot vs. R. AtirldgVs Masterpiece; Maher
& Reid's Nellie Bawn vs. Kutsell. Allen &
Wilson's Daisy- Claire; F. McComb's Wait a
Bi' vs. A. T. Leonard's Master Lawrence; 8.
Mahoney's Nellie G vs. J. McEnroe's Nor* west:
J R. Smith's Sylvanus vs. M. Nealon's Aeneas;
j'. Holden's Scottish Chief. vs. A. L. Austin's
Firm Foe; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Miss
Cable vs. J. H. W. Muller"s Rox: J. McEnroe'*
Johnnie F vs. J. R. Smith's Master Daven
port; F.- McComb's Miss Skyrocket vs. J.
Mooney's Silent Treasure; Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Miss Penman vs. P. M. Clarkson's
Flower of Gold: W. Hoag's Lady Norborne vs.
C E. Wiley's Merry Monarch; J. Byrnes' Bat
tleship vs. H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway; J.
McCormack's Black Dal*y vs. R. E. de B.
Lopez & Son's Papita; Sterl & Knowles' Sleety
Mist vs. James Dean's Gallant; J. McEnroe's
Admiral Sampson vs. E. M. Kellogg' s lowa
Boy- J Dennis' October Woodcock vs. E. M.
Kellogg*« lowa Maid; J. McNeil's Captain
Byrnes vs. Captain Kane's Mlra Monte; J.
Byrnes' Olympus vs. J. I. O'Brien's Pasha
Queen: E.-Baumelster's 'Warrior vs. G. W.
Helntz's Coquette: J. I. O'Brien's Good Times
vs. J. McNeil's Black Hawk;.J. Charlton ft
Eon's Lady Hugo vs. J. O'Dowd's Shoatover:
R E de B. Lope* & Son's Diablo vs. James
Dean's Alamo; Joe Perry's Commodore Nash
vs. T.- A. Gaffney's False Flatterer: James
Dean's Brilllantine vs. D. Dillon's Modesty;
F C. Mack's Delia M vs. M. J. Kelly's Night
time; Connell Bros.' Log Boy vs. E. M. Kel
lo?s's Kid McCoy. M. Michallk's Glenroy vs.
N C Whiting's St. Anthony; J. E. Cone's Red
Glen "vs. Bam Handy"s Twin Oty Girl; M. Nea
lon's- Athena vs. Bartels Bros.V Baron Blood:
Sterl & Knowles" O*Hara vs. J. Anthony's
Patriot: Lowe & Thompson's Little Fullerton
vs G. W. - Helnti's Rustle Beauty: Russell,
Allen A Wilson's Miss Allen vs. E. Bau
meister's War Cloud; H. A. Deckelman's
Pocker vs. J. Charlton & Son's Temple: J. Ed
mond's Morning Glory vs. J. D. Dickson's
Black Bess: J. McCormack's Wnlte Lily ¦ vs.
J R. Smith's Magic: Maher & Reid's Uncle
Fuller vs Thomas 'Tlerney"s Tea Rose; H. G.
Nichols' May Herschel vs. E. M. KeHogs/s
Ben's Babe; J. H. W. Mullet's Mocorita vs.
S Mahoney's Chief of tb* Hill: A. T. Leonard's
Mayflower vs. M. Michallk's Old Glory.
s i I**
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
42 Montgomery rt.. rooms S-10: tel. KM.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Pest St., cor. Powell; teL Main 5713.
PACIFIC Ptoraxe and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fill more sr.; 'phone Jackson 2SI.
Time—^i. :23H: M. '¦*$*$. Good start. Won first thres driving. Winner. Burns * WaterhouWs
eh. g.. by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. Rollick ran without Interference. Combermere out
jmtrun. "Coupled lf}^'£ a 3'^'. rtJ - >< -^ >
972. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds iad upward; purse. WOO.
BEKINS Van and Storaire Co.. 1340 Market St.:
tel. South 535: packing, moving and storage.
LARGE dry store-rcom to rent; very cheap.
73P Chestnut st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
Time—^. :Mtf; H. :*i?4: %. 1:14 H. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. Foster &
Hackett's eh. f.. by imp. Midlothian- Half Sister Afghan appeared to "dog" It- Olinthus
closed strong-. Jennie Reid came from away back. Ollnthus i a a hard horse to ride, which
fact should have been taken into consideration by the stand. 'Disqualified for fouling and
placed last.
Time— %, :25H; H. :4S»i: «». l:14*i : mil*. 1:41^ Good start. Won easily, second and third
driving. Winner, William Boots & Son's b. c. by imp. Brutus-Constellation. Winner all
tho best at weights. Shaw does not seem to b« able to handle The Fretter. Roslaant« out
footed. Ventoro quit early. *r>is<!uaJlne4 for fouling and placed last.
I !?¦-<— COP.KEn lot: Santa Clara tvi. : WxlSO;
near Mortcn-st. station.
JJsoo— Fir.e lot; UrxliO; Pare st_. ivear tbe
bay; bargain.
11000— Elegant lot. west side of Lafayette St.,
cear San Antonio aye.: snap.
ll'Sy< — N»w modern S-rcom house: Alameda
JJ^iO-^-N ?••»¦• Colonial. 7-room cottage: Grand
•1.. near Alameda aye.; easy installments:
large lot: snap.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda: all th*
abov* can be bought on easy terms.
Office cpen Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT.
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
974. FOURTH RACE— One mile and three-eighths; three-year-olds and upward: purse. J4-30.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, IE pages, cent to any address In ths
United States cr Canada one year for tU
portage peld. .¦¦¦¦'¦ ;¦ -
REDIiTIEV ITWJTDTICUUEYTC
DLKKfcLfcl AU\tKllotMtiMo
975. FIFTH RACE— Two miles; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; pur*e, 13001
3-ROOM. new, modern home; corner lot; in
center of town: »42M. O. G. MAT & CO.
53700 BUTS a new. modern. 7-room house on
Durant aye., near college grounds.
O. G. MAY &. CO.. Berkeley.
Time— Mite. UWt: l'im. !:i': l^nj. 2:43H; l»im. 1:09: 2m. 3:3514. Ooc4 start, except An
chored. TTon all out. second and third driving. Winner. Sam Parker's eh. h.. by Knight
of Ellerslle-Llzzie Picturick. Weller had little to snare at the wire. Forte ran camely.
Scratched— Durward 100, Ulm 100. Fl Fl S5. Attlcus Si
*CV*E have rot to sell within 1 week 5 acres of
perfectly level land, fronting on 100-foot etreet
and net i minutes from Berkeley station:
street work done; the best bargain we have
bad for years.
MASON MeLENATHEN.
Adjoining PostofSce. Berkeley.
Time — y. :25; "14, :50: %. 1:15: mile, 1:43. Good start. "U"cn cleverly, second and third driv
ing. Winner. E. TV. Purser's eh. f., by Flambeaa-Fannle Lewis. Nembuls, unable to
take the lead. Winner is consistent and game.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
6UNNT rooms, slcrle. en suite and housekeep-
lnr: U up. Hftei Shasta. 1228 Broadway.
OAKLAND FI'RXITI'BE FOR SALi3.
(JLAVK — FllOlf FXBRCABT St. I3OOL — ARXPra
•7«OO* Becida,' Stnsan, Exnba, VaeariSo,
Baasey and •Sacramento Trflr
•7>4»4>a Shasta Expres*— Diria. Willows,
Eed KuH. PortJacd •7>43f
•7i3Oa Martlnex,.SanUaaion.VilleJo. N*pa>
Caliitc^i ao<t Santa Eosa *C:l*»p
•9-.S4U The OrerUsd limited— Ogdao, Den-
Ter. Otaaha. Cblc*c» •3i13»
•••»•* San Jc.-. LtTercore, Stockton.
lone, Haenmento. FlacnrUe.
Marysvllle, Chico. Jt»HJlnff Milip
•9:304 •Milton. OalcJale.t>ooon. Carters... *l:l.1r
•9:«O* Haywarls, >i>» ii.l Way Sutiocs. *l l:» 3*
•tMSA Daria. Woodlaad. Kti^iU Landing.
JlirjiTille, OroTiUa. '7513^
•9-.OO* A tUn-.i; Kxpress— Ojden and East "T»i-f 3*
•9i»«i MarUDez. Tracy. Laturcp, Btoestoa.
Mere?>l toilFreano *iasl3p
•»>•»« Port Coat*. Jrrriao, -Mi J»»« ami I«s
Anjfln •flil.lr
• I «:«o 4 Tallrjo. Martmes ami Way Stations *6j I3r .
•11:OOa Slles. LJTerraore, Stockton. Hacra-
mmto, Mendota, Uanfortl. Vi-iall*.
rcnerrllla x. MslHr
>l*t4M>«Hsywmnls.K*!esand Way Stations. •2«4.'ij»
fl:OOr Saerameoto KiTetS*«^ißers f>:"Op
•3»OOp Ilaywards. Xiles aa«l Way Stations. •5»13p
•4 : i» u r M^lliie*. f*n li-tuion. Vallfjo,
Sara. Ca'Uino. Kauta Tic+k •»tl3*
Mioor Braids, VicaTilio. M««raiu«nl<x
Wewlland. Ki.l.btn ladJliij,
MuryiiCle. Orotllle •f-.tt*
•4i3Op Nli**, Han JosemiJ Stockton •*r»l.ir
•rkOOrTbo Owl I.li=itid— Tr-cy. Tmoo.
HoktrsUeld. Sangns for Sar.t* liir-
b*r». L-.-s Anceles. •!•««»*
03.-O«-» Smart li-rited— El Piso, XewOt-
leuisanil E»*t «ls>s4»a
•3iS*p Stncktoo. Mneol. Frsroo •I*il3»
•.1::t«p Yweano, li»'«i?r»ii- ¦'. Hanta llulwra.
\j ¦% Aofeles. Ifrmins. El I'aso.
New Orleans aixl Kast •«.*:>»
•3t?»i»p Hauta V- Itimie — \tl»nlij Eiprea
for Mi))»r>i tml liut *B:l*ip
• 8:O Op Harvard*, Nile*) a i»l. Sin Joa-i *7i4>l>a
)«:S«r Valle}o.; •la-l.Ttr
*« ¦3* r Oriental M»iV— Og>n, Cbeyexme.
Omaha, Chic»jo •9»13a
•€i*M»p Oriental Mali— Cgden, Denver.
Omaha. Cbicaco. # 4ilBp
•7:OOr Vallr K Tort Uoata and Way Bta-
t'jl.S J»«»3S>
•¦••SrOrvgotiaad Calif -nil* i;«|r^««>«c-
nu»cntD. Mnrj3«'i ". 11«<1«1!uk.
r»rtl»tMl. Tiig.t H.wiiml urn! I'ant. **«t34.
Dn'IDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. ltH <M
cents per chare) cf the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the ofSce ol the
company. 227 Market street, on and after Men-
day, Aoril 2. ISOO. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, March 27. ISOO. at 3 p. in. •
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
•H>l3A>'ewark.Cr3torti!le,. k -ai>Jcae,Felton.
BouUler Creek.HaaU Cm aad Way
hUUons •»»»•>»
ta« 1 3p Newark, CoitteriilX Ban Jose, Nev
Alnsadtm. Kritcn. ISonUer Creek.
Siiit* Cras aad rriaeipal Way
S-atiosjs "..... f !•«•¦»••
Mil.ir Newark. Saa Jems, Los Gatos. *9:3O«.
MlslSr Htmters' Rxcnrsicn. Saa Josa and
WaySta-'lons fS>9»T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
*rtmst*i MASGSCO— r»t •" Market Strut (s':» S>—
•7:15 900 1140 A.M. tI:C3 *2:33 t3:»
*i:C3 |5-Ca •O:C3r.M.
TudllUll- TtHttitttimtj.— *«:oo 8:00 10.-OOl.il.
tICCC *I:C3 t::C3 *3::3 11:C3 'C.^r.ti.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall WII aot be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
KENNY— In this city, March 17, ISOO, to the
wife of James J. Kenny, a son.
RAILBOAD TBAVEL.
CAlffOsWiAßolfniisTiimii^
I-iESSHJES
m FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIB
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Mark.«t M.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. ».-00. U:00 a. m.; U-.XS,
8:30 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:541
and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «.-00. >:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:83, 8:80,
COO, C:2O p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
¦WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:50. »:*>. 11:10 a. m.: 13:43.
8:40. 5:1) d. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and (:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:U. 9:45. 11:10 a. m.; 1:45. 8:40, 5:08.
*:2S p. m
Between San Francisco and Schuet sen Park
same schedule as above.
t-i: IM/v Ocean View, ftoatti .-via Ynncixo.. t»i3oi»,
•7:O«» San Jo*o aiut VTay BUt!»U9 (New
AlniftJeii WeUi.es.l*>toulj) •l»»»r
••»i»«* H«n Jote. Tm Tlnoa. Hants Cms,
P*ei!is (iroTe. I'aso Hotties. fcin
I^ils Ol>i«i>o. Surf. Lospoo awl
rrineipal Way Stations *4til»r
Mo;lo. HanJoaean<l Way .-fciiloi:* *f1:344
•I liU<u San Jos« ami Way Stations a 3t**4l*r
t*s43raan Uatro, itcdvooJ. Menlo Park.
Talo Alto. Santa Clara. >¦»«.'.¦¦«*,
Ties Pice* Bant* Crnx. SaUaaa,
Monterey at»l I'jsinc Grors tl«*:-1*4
f*l:»»p San Jose awl Way hU'.lni s *7:30p
tl:l3r Saa Jamaml Principal WaySutloos »0: 13 1
tStOOr Saa Jose aad Priadpil Way Stations tO-.OOa
•¦->:3»r S»nJn.9»ii.lPriocin»nV» T ftt*tk>o« *»:3-*»a
•C::io r SaaJesaaud W«y3tatlotM ? 1 «:O»^
Hl;43p San Jc?w an.l "Way Station* *7i3«r
-• ."' Leave Arrtvs
Baa Francisoo. In Effect San Francisco.
11 — — — October IS. 1
Week Bun- 18». . Sun- Week
! Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
T:toam 8:00 am Novato. 19:40 am 5: 44 aza
1:30 pm 9:20 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 ta
i:10 pm SwOO pm Santa Roes. 7:35 prn S:Zi pn»
Fulton.
T:3O am Windsor. l}:tl ta
Healdaterg.
Lytton.
G»yservine,
t:W pm % :00 am cloverdal*. 7:55 pm *:tJ pm
T:3oam| IHcpland and) • i :¦ \
I 8:00 am| Ukiah, 1 T:»5 pm] «:O pa
T:SO am 10:25 aa
t :00 am Guemevllle. T:»S pm
1:30 pm (:2s pta
7:30 am S:ooam Sonoma »:15 am 8:40 aa
and
. 5:15 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. *:0S pm (:2t pa
T:3O ami 8:00 am! SebastopoL 110:40 am|lo:2s am
t:W pmf 5:00 pm( | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pa
A for Morning. P for Af ienooo.
* Dally. t San Jay excepted. t Suad&f only.
6 Saturday «nly.
• Tuesdays aad FridAjs • Iboisdajs and Sundays.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur 'Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs: at Geysenrille for Skaggs
Springs ; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprlnrs,
Kelseyvi'le. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at tTklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomow
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Ller'ey's.
Bdcknell's, 'Sannedrln Heights, HullvUle. 017*8
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Brsjrg,
Westpoft. Usal, WUHtts. Laytonvllla, Cam-
¦ Sling's. Bell's Springs. Harris, O'sen's, Dyer,
Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rt»>
duced rates. -
On ¦ Sunday round-trie tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
' Ticket Offices €50 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, V . T-- R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRS.
JO Fifth st-. opposite Lincoln BcbooL
Telephone South M.
11
Index. -'- Horse. 'Welght.iSt.
953 Rollick 111! J
953 Comberniere 11l 1
M 7 Floranthe 10* 4
947*Andrattus 10S 7'
(941) Saketo 11l 5
947 Intreptdo ...103 3
... El PKoto 1U 6
Index.
Welght-lSt.
Km.
- Hm.
i m
4 h
"!1 .
3 H
« 4
Str.
im
21
3 1
S3
4 1
62
| I Bettlos.
Fin. I Jocheya. jOp. CL
Ir, H. Shields | 4 4
2 H Pisgott ....... 3-» 1
3 ! Heisson S> W
4 1 Morgan 15 *>
5 h Henry * *
6 5 E. Ross « V>
7 Alexander ....) * *
Horse.
Km.
\tn.
Str.
Index. Horse. Age. Welpht.!St. Ho. Km. Str. Fin. { - Jockey». |Op. Cl.
554 Peace. 4 101} 1 ... 1 J i 2 12 v IHenry I J 11-*
(>«) Afghan. 5 111)2 ... 23 2 4 2* 2i Ptjrsrott I 11-5
9CI Oliathus. 1 :..1021 4 ... 5 b £3 3 2 3H* (J.( J. Martin S-J 13-5
&«2 Jennie Reid. 4 1« 7 ... -7 - 7 C 4n jj. Woods IS 1>
951 Sister Alice. S I^3 3 ... 3h 32 4H it Morgan » »
(960) Roealbra. « IC«S ... 62 41 6H (I iShaw 30 V>
Hi Jingle Jingle. 4.... .1041 S ... 4 1 « 1 I 7 |E. Ro«s 10 ?>
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. | St. *jjn. Hni.
930 Constellator. 3 S3 5 5 7 11
<9€S) Daisy F. 5 10? 1 4 1 5 5
93* Erwln. 3 94 3 IH 3 1
950 The Fretter. 4.... ..107 2 3 H <)>
913 Ro-inante. «... IC. 6 6 «
(&S0) Ventoro. 4. 109 4 11 2 b
*4m.
n
4 3
3 h
I h
«
5 4
Str.
1 3
S3
3 h
4 3
5 14
«
Fin.
1 4
S3
3 h»
4 n
5 15
«
| Jockeys.
.Ranch ...... .".
'.Henry
J. Martin
Shaw
M. Benren
E. Robm
|Op.
i
7-5
<
4
4
<
_CL
8
g-S
7-2
7
li>
:nd*x. Horse. Age. Weight. j St. Vim. Hn. \m. ST. Fin.
Oi6) Catastrophe. 6 1071 t 1«i 11H I*H 12H 11
956 Topmast. 6 111! S'JJ 32 14 Ih !4
956 Tappan. S 1« • 2« 24 21 3 4 SI
931 Twinkler. 8 ...107| 4 4 j 4 4 4
I Jockeys.
Henry
PtffßOU
Morxaa
!sha,w
!Op. CL
.._ »-su-r>
... S 3
... li> JO
... 7-5 i
Ind*x. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. Urn. Hm. Km. Str. Fin. | Joe **7 a _-_J L Oj>^_Ct-
951 Weller, 4 992 1 h 11 11 14 l\jl. PowVll « 7-1
951 Forte, 5 10S 1 11 13 li 1H 110 Henry 1-3 ».*>
951 Tom Calvert. S SS4 4 »i SIS 130 340! J. Martin * it
795 Oralbee, 4 9J 3 3H 4 4; *' 4.: 4 !H. Stuart *> s<>
836 Anchored. 4 85j Left JRanch » 15
ndex. Horse. Ag»- Welght.|St. lm. lHm. l*tm. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. ,Qp. Cl.
935 Flamora. S 1M 4 11 m 114 1«i 11H IHenrr i X-5 4-5
(M 5) Dr. Xembula, 4 lIS S 21 22 23 23 2! Shaw 9-5 13-10
9J4 N'orford, 3 IPI 1 14 3 5 31 14 34 tAl»xander .... 19 v
957 .Edganlo. 2 93| Z 4 4 4 4 4 | Ranch 100 y^>
Index. -'- Horse. 'Welght.iSt.
953 Rollick 111! J
953 Comberniere 11l 1
M 7 Floranthe 10* 4
947*Andrattus 10S 7'
(941) Saketo 11l 5
947 Intreptdo ...103 3
... El PKoto 1U 6
Index.
Welght-lSt.
Km.
- Hm.
i m
4 h
"!1 .
3 H
« 4
Str.
im
21
3 1
S3
4 1
62
| I Bettlos.
Fin. I Jocheya. jOp. CL
Ir, H. Shields | 4 4
2 H Pisgott ....... 3-» 1
3 ! Heisson S> W
4 1 Morgan 15 *>
5 h Henry * *
6 5 E. Ross « V>
7 Alexander ....) * *
Horse.
Km.
\tn.
Str.
Index. Horse. Age. Welpht.!St. Ho. Km. Str. Fin. { - Jockey». |Op. Cl.
554 Peace. 4 101} 1 ... 1 J i 2 12 v IHenry I J 11-*
(>«) Afghan. 5 111)2 ... 23 2 4 2* 2i Ptjrsrott I 11-5
9CI Oliathus. 1 :..1021 4 ... 5 b £3 3 2 3H* (J.( J. Martin S-J 13-5
&«2 Jennie Reid. 4 1« 7 ... -7 - 7 C 4n jj. Woods IS 1>
951 Sister Alice. S I^3 3 ... 3h 32 4H it Morgan » »
(960) Roealbra. « IC«S ... 62 41 6H (I iShaw 30 V>
Hi Jingle Jingle. 4.... .1041 S ... 4 1 « 1 I 7 |E. Ro«s 10 ?>
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. | St. *jjn. Hni.
930 Constellator. 3 S3 5 5 7 11
<9€S) Daisy F. 5 10? 1 4 1 5 5
93* Erwln. 3 94 3 IH 3 1
950 The Fretter. 4.... ..107 2 3 H <)>
913 Ro-inante. «... IC. 6 6 «
(&S0) Ventoro. 4. 109 4 11 2 b
*4m.
n
4 3
3 h
I h
«
5 4
Str.
1 3
S3
3 h
4 3
5 14
«
Fin.
1 4
S3
3 h»
4 n
5 15
«
| Jockeys.
.Ranch ...... .".
'.Henry
J. Martin
Shaw
M. Benren
E. Robm
|Op.
i
7-5
<
4
4
<
_CL
8
g-S
7-2
7
li>
:nd*x. Horse. Age. Weight. j St. Vim. Hn. \m. ST. Fin.
Oi6) Catastrophe. 6 1071 t 1«i 11H I*H 12H 11
956 Topmast. 6 111! S'JJ 32 14 Ih !4
956 Tappan. S 1« • 2« 24 21 3 4 SI
931 Twinkler. 8 ...107| 4 4 j 4 4 4
I Jockeys.
Henry
PtffßOU
Morxaa
!sha,w
!Op. CL
.._ »-su-r>
... S 3
... li> JO
... 7-5 i
Ind*x. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. Urn. Hm. Km. Str. Fin. | Joe **7 a _-_J L Oj>^_Ct-
951 Weller, 4 992 1 h 11 11 14 l\jl. PowVll « 7-1
951 Forte, 5 10S 1 11 13 li 1H 110 Henry 1-3 ».*>
951 Tom Calvert. S SS4 4 »i SIS 130 340! J. Martin * it
795 Oralbee, 4 9J 3 3H 4 4; *' 4.: 4 !H. Stuart *> s<>
836 Anchored. 4 85j Left JRanch » 15
ndex. Horse. Ag»- Welght.|St. lm. lHm. l*tm. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. ,Qp. Cl.
935 Flamora. S 1M 4 11 m 114 1«i 11H IHenrr i X-5 4-5
(M 5) Dr. Xembula, 4 lIS S 21 22 23 23 2! Shaw 9-5 13-10
9J4 N'orford, 3 IPI 1 14 3 5 31 14 34 tAl»xander .... 19 v
957 .Edganlo. 2 93| Z 4 4 4 4 4 | Ranch 100 y^>Investment of Capital.
The Socialist Labor party was addressed
last night in the Academyof Sciences. Hall
on I Market • street by! Herman i Whittaker
on • "Can Capital | Find I New | Fields for In
vestment?" - The speaker showed that the
Oriental nations had passed, or were pass-
Easter is coming! And bo
are the Easter hats! SwelleT
this year than ever before!
- The Call next. Sunday will
show a full page of them and
tell you some things about
them worth knowing- . Look
out for the hat page— they are
beauties!
Jumped on Gamage's Hat.
; Charles M. Harding. was yesterday, sent
to- the County Mail ¦ for; forty-five days by
Judgo.'Cabanlss on the charge* of dis
turbing the - peace. '. He ..was * arrested ;on
complaint "of Jule C. Gamage, his nephew;
who also charged him with malicious mis
chief f6r Mumping on; his hat. Gamage
lives with Hardlng's mother, and Harding
called ' there and .¦ grossly abused the old
lady .besides -permanently injuring Gam
age's hat. There is trouble between Gam
age and Harding over the disposition . of
Harding's collection: agency. • - ¦»'.
AL NEILL.
right on the jaw nearly stopped his gal
lop. McConnell * kept on trying in the
third round until a right: on the body
staggered him. He was back Instantly
and hustled Neill about. NeiU's no3e bled
at the end of this round.
O'Connell beat a tattoo %>n Nelll's "body
in the fifth and then missed a vicious
right for the head. This was McConnell's
¦round on "points. He also scored re
peatedly in the next round, but near
Its close Neill had hlin ,In dire distress
from a right on the body, followed by one
on. the head. . .- - - ¦ • ..
• In ,the seventh round' Neill beat"- Me-
Connell with two resounding blows on the
body: near the end of the round. Neill's
tremendous punching power was called
into play in the eighth and last round and
McConnell retired defeated. •
2 The ten-round preliminary bout between
Eddie Toy and Toby Irwln was declared a
draw by Referee J.\ A. McGinley. No
faster boxing was ever seen . among the
smaller boxers. Irwln had the better of
the first part of the bout, but Toy's won
derful recuperative powers carried ; him
safely through to the end. The first round
was- given over chiefly to quick feinting.
In the second Toy was* knocked down
three times, staying nine seconds each
time. Notwithstanding this he had Irwln
In distress at one time. Toy was knocked
down. twice In the third and knocked his
opponent down once. • At one time both
Went down. together.-^Both were groggy,
but they were game to the end and stood
the punishment. Toy went , down in the
fourth and again in the fifth.
In the sixth Toy had Irwin in trouble.
He came up strong in the eighth and it
was give and take between the two plucky
boxers. Toy was the aggressor In the
tenth, Irwln s seconds possibly telling him
to keep away, as he had It won on points.
The draw decision was Immensely popu
lar. ::2as£)&s)sp ¦ -
The touch of comedy to • relieve the
tragedy was provided by the bout^ be
tween Henry Lewis and Al Hamilton'
The'latter proved a big, -i husky fellow
without any knowledge of -boxing. He
swung wildly at his agile opponent, but
did no damage. , He- had -enough-in "- the
third round, and after setting the- house
in an uproar of hilarity. he remained down
until counted out. He was uninjured.
The boxing was in marked contrast to
that shown in the same building recently.
The sport was 1 clean and of the highest
class and will tend to again place . boxing
on a high plane : In the affecUons of . the
sporting public. ¦BHuXSSfei
MUNICIPAL PURCHASE
OF PUBLIC UTILITIES
Supervisors Decide to Question Rep
resentatives of Local Corpora- •
tions in Reference to the
Sale of Their Plants.
On next Thursday night the corpora
tions that supply light, water, telephone
and other public necessities will be asked
by the Public Utilities Committee of the
Board of Supervisors to tell for what
price they will sell their plants to the
city. The committee met last night to
discuss the problem of municipal owner
ship of public utilities.
Charles Wesley Reed presided, and the
only other member of the committee pres
ent was Supervisor Maguire. In answer
to a request City Engineer Grunsky ap
peared with an advertisement asking for
bids on a water supply for the city. This
advertisement led to an Informal discus
sion of a city water supply and of the six
mountain supplies which from time to
time have been suggested. Mr. Grunsky
was asked also to prepare advertisements
covering the telephone and public lighting
demands. He will submit his suggestions
at the next meeting of the committee.
It was decided last night to send invita
tions to the Independent Electric Light
end Power Company and to the Standard
E'j»ctric Company to have representatives
at the next meeting of the committee. The
Supervisors want to know what these
corporations will charge to supply the city
with power In one instance water In
another. This meeting will be therefore
of considerable importance, as it will in
dicate more definitely than any other
what the cost of purchasing public utili
ties may be to the people of the city.
the Baldwin annex swung to and fro in
the breeze, forgetful of the law of grav
ity as applied to buckets of paint when
tossed from the. ladder, by an unkind wind.
A couple of ladies happened to be passing
at the' time,' and 'their multi-colored
dresses received an extra embellishment.
The sudden addition of color did not har
monize with the complexion of the ladies,
and there would have been a painter less
in the world were the man on the heights
not so far out of reach. In the park some
of the drivers who have horses and others
who have none weighted or anchored
themselves as they outdid the wind in
record-breaking speed work. Of course
the man with the whiskers was in a gay
mood and filled the earth for miles around
with souvenirs of his Populistlc idiosyn
crasies. ¦¦ ¦'. ;•••"';
McAdie's theory of depression' and alti
tudes, sudden barometric high and lofty
tnmbllng. may. be O K. but. every good
Republican laid the blame at the door of
William J. Bryan, who has again "broke
loose" in windy argument.
an hour. At Point Reyes the velocity reg
istered seventy miles an hour— Just the
kind of gentle, zephyrous by-play the
bicyclists and their friends, the park road
sters, enjoy.
A few accidents resulted from gay
Aeolus' vagaries. Painters at work on
12
TH*E SAN FRAN CISCO CALL., FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1900.
HEALTH OFFICER
REPORTS DEMISE
OF MOTHER RUT
Inspectors Making a Clean
ing Tour Through the
Chinese District.
Three Deaths of the Second Plague
Scare Are Said to Have Been
Caused by the Beal
Thing.
New religious rites have been forced
upon the Chinese of San Francisco by our
"next to godly" Health Board. When
ever a Celestial goes to the realm beyond
nowadays a sacrifice is prepared for him
by the health authorities and a rat, mon
key or guinea-pig dies upon the altar of
science for the absolution of the Mon
golian foul.
The three Chinese who left the earth for
parts unknown and provoked the second
plague scare by reason of their "suspicious
deaths" were afflicted with a disease
which the bacteriologists of the Health
Board seem to think is the "real thing."
At any rate, the menagerie at Angel
Island was put in requisition, dosed with
bacilli especially extracted from the Mon
golians and watched by the learned phy
sicians with a care that is only exceeded
by their zeal. Word came from Angel
Island .yesterday that another inoculated
rat succumbed to the treatment inflicted
upon him. The rest of the menaperie is
suffering travail from loss of appetite and
Injectlonal disorders.
Chinatown is no lonper what it was
since the Health Board began its arduous
labors. With the fifty extra policemen,
an army of health Inspectors and filth ex
terminators on the rampage and physi
cians ready to examine any Chinese who
stumbles across their pathway, there is
life and activity In that district at the
present time. Garbaee by the ton is being
turned to ashes, while the smell of disin
fectants is playing a strong second to the
old characteristic odor that was thourht
to be Inseparable from the quarter. The
Inhabitants of Chinatown do not like the
indignities they are subjected to, yet
they offer little resistance and in many
cases do some of the cleaning without
much objection.
If the scare does not soon die out there
will be a sweeping epidemic of health
boards. In another day the Federal,
State and city officers will be having a
love feast, and for once in their respective
careers harmony will prevail. Dr. W. P,
Matthews of the State Board arrived from
Sacramento yesterday and was in con
sultation with Dr. Williamson of the local
board. The State authorities will tele
graph to all the country health boards
and urpe their members to use precau
tionary measures against the Introduction
of the plague.
TEST CASE MADE FOR
JAPANESE IMMIGRANTS
Contract With a Surety Society Al
leged to- Be a Cause of
Exclusion.
Among the 256 Japanese immigrants who
arrived on the Hongkong Maru only one
was denied a landing. He is Heisaburd
Inouie, and he presented a paper whlrh
he received from a Japanese immigration
society. The paper recites that upon the
payment to the society of ten yen by
Inouie the society will furnish sur-Mes
and will give the necessary bond as guar
antee that hf will not become a public
charge in the Unired States. It is further
Flipulated that should it appear at any
time that Inouie comes to this country as
a contract laborer the agreement between
Mm and the Japanesr- immigration society
ehall become null and void.
United States Immigration Commission
er North was of opinion that the contrpcx
made Inouie an assisted Immigrant, and
he referred the case to the special board
of Inquiry. The board investigated th
matter and reported adversely to Inou!<?
Tor the purpose of making hl« a test case
Inouie will appeal to the National Immi
gration Commissioner at Washington,
s-hould the decision be In favor of Inoulo
the immigration society will do a big busi
r.fsff In pending Japarwse laborers to the
United States by shiploads.
,' Anyvo Theatrical Cold Cream insin-es a
refined complexion; Druggist* , 15c and 50c*
Paso Robles Hot Springs
OTTO E. NEVER. Proprietor.
A new feature Jnst completed. Hot S«nd »nd
Sulphur Baths. Curative powers unexcelled.
Not alone tor Invalids, but a place of rest and
pleasure for the sick end the well."- SPECIAL.
ROUND-TRIP REBATE TICKETS. Ttl«ph«a»
Main IM9. ¦ •
F. W. ZLT.Airent. SM Market *U. ft. *. \
WINTER RESORT.
Dr. Parker's Cough .Cure. One dose will rtop
a cough. " Never falls. Try It. "All druggists. •
Delegates Elected.
The « following -. named : . delegates to the
Grand;Clrcle = of j.the Companions .ofi;thc
Forest of America elected last night
by the circles named:
¦ Inter Nos Circle— Constance Pashold
and >-". Lizzie Meyer: "'alternates, ' Sophie
Coyle and Maggie -Forrest. • . .:
• Robin i Hood iCircle — Louise Tlcoulet I and
Mamie: Parr; alternate.* Lizzie Yon Putt
kammer. - fTniTTirrriiifnrTiiiWintiniiiii mi ml
"• Live • Oak •: Circle — Jennie- "Welsser ; and
Mrs." B. Harris; , alternates, "Agnes Kearns
and Mrs. M. Saunders. ¦ ¦ ' liljniiWiwll|li!LW
--- Palo Alto Circle — Pauline ; Aaron and
Belle 1 Harris;: alternates, Marcus Laffe
and Leon J. Plnkson. . ¦ :
; Ladles'- French ; kid shoes, worth $4; for
only $1 25 a pair, at sale of shoes, 717 Mar-
ket street. < j •
saves -: ?i£ii E
NOME Islt^
'GOLD
HE SPENT HIS WIFE'S
MONEY AND LEFT HOME
Madora Jones Granted a Divorce
From Her Husband for His
- Willful Desertion.. V
After spending $23,000 of her > money in
the : search of pleasure' Alfred Jones
serted his wife,, Madora Jones, and yes
terday she was granted a divorce by
Judge Daingerfield. on the grounds rof
"willful desertion and willful neglect."
Mrs. Jones said that she married her hus
band four years ago, and although a"
strong and ..intellectual man he never
manifested any particular love for labor.
He used up $23,000 of her . money during
their married life; and all of the time she
kept him ' at J either the , California * or : . the
Occidental Hotel. " "About a year ago Ihe
tired of ¦ married ; life - and went to ; New
York.': fortunately leaving behind J2000."
all that remained -'of her fortune. Mrs.
Jones intimated that' she was willing, to
forgive her erring spouse if he would re
turn-and -support her, but he had ex
pressed himself .- as having;: '.'had ¦ all he
wanted of married life,", so she decided to
sue for a divorce." - ; .''igjßWSmaf.iA.MiPf ' 'iftiitj
*' -Mrs.V Sands i Forman- corroborated •» Mrs.
Jones'.' testimony,'* and = the court- awarded
a decree of absolute divorce to the plain
tiff. '. - ¦¦¦" - .-"- ; ;¦
MRS. WALKER'S BABY
WAS ASPHYXIATED
When . the Mother Awoke at Early
Dawn Her Child -Was a
Corpse.
• The 4-months-old daughter , of Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Walker of 821 Pennsylvania
street, was found dead early yesterday
¦morning under circumstances leading to
the belief that It was accidentally smoth
ered. The mother, with the baby and two
other children, occupied one bed.and'tho
father with two children occupied another
bed. The family retired at about 9 o'clock
on the previous evening. -At 11 o'clock the
baby awoke the mother and she nursed it.
At 5:30 o'clock in the morning the mother
awoke and found the baby dead.".' r ¦
As the infant was lying in a natural po
sition on • the plllow.the mother had 110
Idea as to the -cause of its death. Dr.
Simpson was called in, and upon a super
ficial examination of the body gave . the
opinion -- that death . had .been caused by
asphyxiation. : ." ¦•'
Coroner Cole was notified and an Inquest
will be held. -gSSWSRBMH
WILL CONFER ON THE
VALLEY RATE MATTER
Eailroad Commissioners and Attorney
General to Discipline the South- •
cm Pacific Company.
Railroad Commissioner Edson is expect
»d to arrive In this city to-day for the
•urposc of conferring with Commissioner
uaumeister ar.U cuHinir in company with
Urn on the Attorney General. In order to
fUn a campaign against the Southern Pa
ttfic for the arbitrary way In which that
rorporation has raised its San Joaquin
I'alley rates in \-iolaticn of the law
Just what Bteps will be taken to bring
the Hunting-ton people to their senses
oave not y*t been decided upon, nor will
my steps be trxkon until after to-day'a
inference. But th<» Commissioners are
inprv: dear through at the way they have
>ecn Ipr.ored and at the high-handed man
jer In which the corporation has dared to
irrßgate to Itself the duties which are
heirs, and they are determined to make
:he railroad companjr nay for the fun
-.hey had in manipulating things to suit
¦bemaelres.
On th<? 2."th of this month the Northern
Pacific will put on a limited train, which
R-il! Ehorten the run from St. Paul to
?or«!ard by several hours. This will ne
•espitat>» a change j n the tlm»«card of the
jregon and California, and the train that
»ow leaves here at 7 p. m. wJII get away
it. about 3 p. m.
INSANE JAPANESE GIVES
DE LA T ORRE A SCARE
Wanted to Look at an Automobile,
and the Officer Thought He
Meditated Assault.
The steamer Colon brought In Tuesday
an insane Japanese passenger, who wai
turned' over to . the Immigration Commis
sioners. The long-haired, bewhlskercd
and wild-eyed. lndividual was assigned to
Deputy A. de la Torre for deliverance to
the Japanese consul, as he had brought
with him a letter from the American con
bul at Mazatlan. Mexico, containing 'n
structions to that effect.
De la Torre • cautiously handed his
charge into the official immigration, car
riage and courageously followed him.
The drive to the consul's office was beset
with misgivings on the part of the officer,
but he did his duty bravely with one
hand on his hip pocket and an eye alert
for indications of. violence. ?
Once the insane, immigrant made a
movement as- . if .to begin . hostilities. : hin
long hair flying to the March breeze and
his wild eyes glaring fiercely. De
Torre thought it was all up with bsm.
but he intended to be faithful to his
service. Grasping his revolver and flash
ing his authoritative star, he Jumped -to
his feet and commanded the Jap. In terri
fying Spanish, to be seated. The effect
was Instantaneous. The cowed maniac
sank back In his seat subdued, only mut
tering "Me like see wagon/ no hosse. A
festive' automobile' had occasioned -the
outbreak. : .. ' . .
No further trouble occurred, but It was
with some relief that the brave officer
delivered his charge into the hands of the
consul, who is now endeavoring to dispose
of his guest.' By reason of having been an
American seaman at the time of ;lap«.lni<
Into Insanity, the Jap Is a burden on the
United States Government and must . b.
entertained until arrangements can be
made for shipping him back to the Orient.
SCAVENGERS ARE
FORCED TO OBEY
CITY ORDINANCE
Attorney Waits on Chief of
Police and Promises
Compliance. ¦; .
Sample Closed Cart 'for Transporta
tion of Garbage Will Be Sub
mitted in a Few Days for
Official Approval.
There will be no more uncovered scav
enger carts in the streets of San Fran
cisco. That was the substance of .an
agreement presented by the attorney of
tho Scavengers' Protective Union, .Ed
ward B. Learning, in an Interview sought
by him yesterday morning with Chief of
Police Sullivan. The events of the past
few days' have convinced the scavengers
that they can no longer openly defy the
law, which provides that they shall use
only Vovered carts , in conveying garbage
and refuse through the., streets. Mr.
Learning consulted with the Chief and
the result was that the police did not ar
rest any scavengers yesterday.
: Mr. Learning said- that the Scavengers'
Protective Union had instructed him to
promise- that" the" scavengers would be
willing' to dp anything necessary ¦ to con
form to the law. .; In order to show that
they were in earnest, Mr. Learning said
the scavengers were, having' a" cart pre
pared to be submitted . for the ; approval
of. the authorities. ¦' If • this proves to be
satisfactory, the scavengers will be pro
vided with similar outfits, at once. Chief
Sullivan announced that he had no desire
to -persecute the scavengers.^ ¦--'¦
\ There were nine cases against as many
scavengers which were to ' have come
up yesterday in the Police Courts,
but at the request of the Chief
Of Police, they all went over for one week,
the understanding . being that -the pro
posed covered scavenger 'cart should be
exhibited in the meantime.' •
Yesterday the scavengers were on their
good behavior. All the carts that were
in use had extra heavy covering of cloth
over ; them .to keep * the dust . and germs
from being scattered by the brisk - wind
that was blowing.%. »•¦¦
AL NEILL THE VICTOR
IN THE EIGHTH ROUND
McCcnneil Shows Marked
Improvement, bui Meets
His Master.
Jits Opponent Too Clever as a
Defensive Fighter and Too
Harl a Hitter.
¦ >
BOXER AL NEILL defeated Frank
McConnell last night in the arena
of the Columbia Athletic Club,
at Woodward's Pavilion, after a
scientific battle of eight rounds. The vic
tor showed marvelous cleverness as a
defensive fighter, blocking and ducking
blows which meant defeat and oblivion
if landed. For the vanquished the spec
tators had nothing* but praise. He showed
the remarkable improvement made in his
style by his fighting pilgrimage to the
East, but his blows did not have the
sting in them which his adversary's pos
sessed.
The gong seemed to save McConnell at
the end of the second round and hgaln at
the end of the sixth. In the first Instance
a right on the Jaw sent him staggering,
while In the second a smash on the body,
followed quickly by one on the head, took
all the fight out of him. It was this cruel
body blow, supplemented by others, which
was the undoing of McConnell. They took
all the pugnacity out of him, so that once
he started on the down grade to defeat
his descent was rapid. A broken rib, sus
tained In one of nls fights In the East,
left a weak spot which could not with
stand the blows which Neill landed on
that portion of his body.
The end came unexpectedly in the eighth
round. The men and been fighting ncaily
two and a half minutes when Neill sud
denly staggered McConnell with a left
BWinc to the head. Seeing his advantage
he stepped in quickly and fought McCon- ,
nell viciously all over the ring, landing
right and left on head, but In his eager
ness falling to connect with a vital .<pot:
A right on the Jaw nearly had the desired
effect as McConnell fell heavily to the
floor In his impetuous onslaught Ne.lll
had to leap over his prostrate opponent to*
avoid tripping- over him. McConnell was
down three-seconds, when he- Jumped up
and closed in on Neill. fighting back game
ly but aimlessly. ¦ ' : •
Neill pushed him away, and taking ad
vantage- of ,his dazed condition* pressed
him hard. McConnell withstood a; tre
mendous buffeting, but finally a crushing.
rlKht on the Jaw turned him ..half-way,
around and - cent him unconscious to the
floor. He lay' motionless until the custom
ary ten: seconds had been- counted vofr,
when Refeivee Welch raised, him from ;tne
tloor anu carried him to his corner.
Nelll's friends In their, ecstasy hugged
him and carried him in triumph about the
rinp. while the spectators' cheered like
madmen. The entire, pavilion seemed one
seething mass of humanity. NeJIl . went
over and shook McConnell/ who had ¦"re
rained ¦ consciousness, by the hand. He
then made a flying leap over • the ropes;
landing in a heap on the.floor. r- •
Nelll was a consistent favorite In the
hfttine yesterday. at odds of .lo to S. 'The
mutuels^t Harry Corbetfs paid ?•» 30 on
each dollar invested. Before the fight the
wluncr was challenged by Tracey. Pur
ten Australian Tim Murphy and. George
Grren. Tommy Ryan, the champion wel
ter-weight, was . discovered In a . modest
scat and was haled into the ring, being
by Milt HayeCFred
Muller Joe Sullivan and Maginnis, while
McConnell was well looked after by Tim
McGrath. DeWitt Van Court. Fred Shuler
and Jack Kane. Jack Welch was referee
and had little to do, both men. boxing
strictly according to e rules. ¦
' From the start of the fight McConnell
was trylns at. all times, landing many
more blows than Neill. He was the first
to lead In the first round, landing lightly
on the face. He landed frequently;; but
received a number In return. The- first'
round was made up chiefly. of light box
ing, chiefly in favor of .McConnell. " In
the second round it was ; a- brilliant) ex
hibition, McConnell being the ; aggressor
until near the end of the round when a
SOLACE TO CHANGE
FROM NAVY TO ARMY
Hospital Ship to Be Taken Into the
Transport , Service — Another
Prisoner Escapes.
The army has been casting a covetous,
eye at the naval hospital ship Solace, and
as the navy does not care particularly to
keep her, it is next to certain that she
be transferred from one service to the
other. ¦
She will make a fine hospital ship, for
she was fitted up with ' the best a hos
pital ship needs. There never has been
any scandal about her and she has not
cost the Government any more than a
reasonable purchase price and a fair bill
for repairs. A board of survey, which
will Include Colonel Bird, the head of
the army transport service, will visit
Mare Island this week and the ship will
be gone over. If found satisfactory she
will be turned over to the army, and, aa
Bhe has never had any criticism, it is cer.
tain she will meet with favor. , '
, The Badger, which will also be turned
over from the navy to the army, will re
ceive inspection by the same board. She,
too, has always proved ¦ a•¦ satisfactory
Colonel Forwood, chief surgeon of the
department, visited Lieutenant Colonel
Field at Livermore Monday. He says
Colonel Field is physically In fair health,
but his mind is still diseased and he could
not say when the sick man would be ready
for duty again, even if he recovered suf
ficiently to return to the service. He will
probably be retired within a short time.
The retiring board was in session on
Tuesday and passed upon the cases of
Colonel Field and Captain George E. Sage
of the Sixth Artillery, who has been mili
tary Instructor at the Mount Tamalpala
Academy for some time, but Is now on
sick leave.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Howard "W.
Beal has been assigned to temporary duty
at the general hospital pending his assign
ment to Manila,
¦ Another prisoner escaped from the
guard at the Presidio Wednesday, and up
to last night he had not been caught. His
name is Doherty. and he was one of the
general prisoners brought over from Al
catraz every day to work at the Presidio.
The prisoners were all in the convalescent
hospital, where they were being given
their dinners, when Doherty seized an op
portunity when the guards were not look
ing and made his escape. He managed to
find some soldier's unlronn and this h««
put on, leaving his prison clothes with the
telltale "P" upon them behind one of the
doors of the hospital. : . .
! The escape of Doherty has caused the
orders to prisoners' guards to be materi
ally altered. It-was the. custom for* the
guard from Alcatraz to bring ¦ over the
prisoners in the morning and take them
uaw in the evening, receiving or giving a
receipt for the number at each transfer,.
The garrison of the post furnished the
guard for the prisoners while they were at
work, but they had no means of Identify
ing them, nor did they know their names.
The only mark to Indicate who the pris
oners are is a "P" upon their clothes.
Now, however, the prisoners will be divid
ed into squads of ten or less, each squad
under a non-commissioned officer. He will
receive the names of the men in his squad
from the island guard and will be.respon
sible for his prisoners all the day. They
will not be allowed to mingle with the
*»ther prisoners," nor will they be permit
ted to eat with them, as was the case
when Doherty escaped. In this way no
"guard for prisoners will have more than
ten men to look after at any time. When
Doherty escaped the forty-five prisoners
brought over that day were all eating to
gether and his escape was not discovered
until the prisoners were checked up after
their dinner.
: Post orders have been changed so that
hereafter guard mount at the 'Presidio
will be held every evening at twenty min
utes to 6 Instead of at 10 In the morning,
as heretofore. . .. .'
ing, through the transition from con
sumers to producers and manufacturers,
and it would not be long before ttmy
would cease to offer to capital a field toe
investment.
Mr. Whittaker argued that as this was
the only source of outlet for European
and American capital, that was accumu
lating a* such an enormous rate, the shut
ting off of this sink would soon produce
a congestion, and that a graduated in
come tax would in time be found to be
the only way of relieving the situation.
A general discussion followed the lecture
proper. ..,..-: ? . .
WEATHER PROPHET McADIH
has a long story to tell about
the ¦windstorm that played up
and down the streets of this city
yesterday afternoon, toying with dust and
small rocks, hats and whiskers. The pub
lic may feel that something is being
passed to it when it drinks in the wise
explanations of the prophet with unques
tioning belief. That is the wrong spirit.
McAdie is paid to tell the truth, and he
does it scientifically.
The storm was born In Arizona, but
early in its history left the native heath
and strayed through the Colorado Valley.
Dissatisfied with this browsSig ground It
sported over the Sierras, shooting north
west into Idaho, where it is nowplaying
before crowded houses.
The high winds in this city came out of
the northwest on the trail of the genuine
blasts from Arizona. "It Is nothing more
nor less than a dry summer storm, with
no particular significance. In the city
the wild, unruly winds whistled over the
asphalt at the rate of thirty-three miles
OLD BOREAS MADE MERRY
WITH SAN FRANCISCO TOWN
"Highs and Lows" Get Mixed in the Upper Airs and Play All Sorts
of Pranks Around the Golden Gate.
Bale's.
Hale*.
JURY REBUKES
CORRIGAN AND
HIS METHODS
Awards Hyman Greenberg
Big Damages for Injury
Done Him.
Lawless Conduct of the Tanf oran
Managers Unanimously Con
demned by the Judges Se
lected to Try the
• Case.
T. W. Collins, J. C. Peters, T.
Emery, S. Bowman, J. H. Bosenbohm,
John Andrews, H. S. Field, John
Sheehan, George A/duff, F. Sperling,
John P. McDonnell and L. Bernstein.
Twelve representative citizens named;
above, by virtue of their authority aa
jurors in an action at law, have, Indelibly
placed" the .stamp of disapproval on tho
outlaw methods of Corrigan and his asso
ciates at Tanforan racetrack. Late yes
terday, afternoon these citizens came into
court and. entered judgment In favor of
Hyman Greenberg and against the West
ern Turf Association for $3000 damages,
incurred. by the defendant through its un
lawful, exclusion and ejection of plaintiff'
from. the corporation's fleecing ground. It
took'the jury but a few -minutes to agree
upon. the verdict. Only three ballots were
cast, and the . reason that ' an agreement
was not reached on the first ballot was
that four of the jurors were of the opinion
that' Greenberg should be given $5000 for
the wrongs he. had suffered. at the hands
of the Tanforan managers, and two of the
jurors ¦ voted to award the plaintiff $4000.
On the third ballot, however, the jury
found a unanimous .verdict in favor OMII3
plaintiff ; for the sum named. - .
i ¦ When the Case was called yesterday Sec
retary Green was again placed on the
stand and an effort to wrest additional
information from him - regarding his
knowledge of the alleged crookedness of
the men to whom he granted the privilege
of printing and circulating a form card
was made. Mr. Green was a hostile wit
ness, and objections to many of the ques
tions were sustained, with the result that
Green did not tell all he knew." Witnesses
then testified as to the good character of
the plaintiff and the case was submitted
for argument.
Attorney Harrison on : behalf of tho
plaintiff made a brief opening argument,
in which he fully covered trie law and
facts of the case. He was followed by
Attorney Alexander on behalf of the de
fendant. . Mr. Alexander made an effort to
convince the Jury that the rights of the
defendants within the confines of their un
holy racetrack were as sacred as thos-3 of
the citizen at his fireside. He said that
Greenberg had no more right to enter tho
track and carry away information to pub
lish for his own benefit than had the
newspaper reporter to force his way into
a private reception, and against the wish
of the host and hostess carry away the
names of the guests and other matters for
publication. He also said that in tho eye
of the law Greenberg's, action in continu
ing to visit the track when his presence
was not desired was boisterous conduct
and should preclude him from recovering
judgment. •'-. • . " , '
Attorney Matt Sullivan made the closing
argument on behalf of the plaintiff. After
covering the facts of the case at bar he
pointed to the wealth of the corporation,
gained, he said, through the vices of the
people— vices that did not exist until de
veloped by the unlawful methods and
questionable actions and schemes of the
managers of the defendant corporation.
He was unable to find where right existed
on the side of the defendant and he was
unable to see the logic of the comparison
of opposing counsel between the sanctity
of the home and the notoriety of the race
trsclc
When Mr. Sullivan had concluded his
argument Judge Dalngerfield charged the
Jury The court quoted the law which
prohibits the exclusion of any. person from
any public place of amusement unless the
person is under the Influence of liquor,
boisterous or of known bad character.
The law in the case left no loophole of
escape for the defendant corporation, but
still the management was strangely
shocked when the verdict was announced.
Jurors L. Bernstein and .H. S. Field,
both well-known business men, expressed
themselves freely about the case after
leaving the courtroom. Both said, they
believed the verdict to be .the only one
th>rt could have been found consistent
with the law and common reason. ' The
defendant corporation, they said, had sus
tained a Just and they hoped a lasting
rebuke for its unlawful methods and es
pecially for the attempt made by its man
agers to override the constitution provid
ing for the liberty of the press by closing
the track gates on a man because he
chose to. use. the information obtained
there for his private uses and gain.
I remnants How I
1 not much of the J. J. O'Brien & Co. stock left— "' |
I mostly remnants— but if you can find what you want I
I to-day and to-morrow you can :buy,-it- at about- half ; I
S regular value. ; . ¦
remnants I
of crash towels, Einghams, muslins, sheeting, flannelettes, per* 5
cales, draperies, etc., at prices far below regular values. N
Everett classics— ginghams, 27 Inches wlJe, In pinks, blaes, |
piaids and stripes— all pretty colorings— the yard only gi^ «
last of the jackets. I
I ladles* colored Jackets— ladles* colored and black fjf
I only 33 of them— miltons , Jackets— so in all— meltons, g
H and tweeds. In double- breast- kerseys and tweeds— double H
¦ ed and fiV fronts— turn-down . and . single breasted, wltn B
i collars— sizes 34 to 40. J.J. turn-down J. J. H
I O'Brien & Co.'s price $5.00. O'Brlrnfc Co.'s price $7-50, . g
B now 0n1y........:.... tf 1 xc $8 00 and $10.00. «2 65 •¦
I ...;........ •Pi* os now cut to. ..•P^» UJ , -:-H
I I famous Arnold knit goods for women and children. I g
1 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street. ft;
DOCTOR
MEYERS & CO.
GIVE MEN
LASTING VIGOR
• And Cure the Following Ailments t
Private Diseases Lost Manhood
Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness
Liver Diseases Despondency 7
Heart Diseases Nervous Debility
Spine Diseases General Debility
Stomach Diseases Loss of Memory
Kidney Diseases Blood Poison • ¦ '
NO INCURABLE CASES TAKEN
DR. METERS '&" CO. conduct th»
. largest - and . best ' equipped medical ia-
* stltution . and have - the - most extensive
practice In the world. They avoid the
use of all mineral, poisonous or danger-
ous drujts and electric belts. All their
remedies are carefully comoounded In
their private laboratory, without cost to
their patients.
FAT WHEN CUIfCD. '„¦
Patients may deposit the price of a
cure In any San Francisco hank, to be
paid only after they are well, or may
pay . In monthly Installments. "
In restoring men to health and strength
these successful specialists remove the
cause of the trouble and rebuild the shat-
tered system by a thorough constitutional
treatment.
The remedies, methods and appliances
which Dr. Meyers St Co. have used suc-
cessfully for more than ' nineteen years
are not only safe and sure, but perfectly
harmless. Thousands of men attest to
this statement.
HOME CUrtCS—FHCe BOOK. '
Thousands of men are cured at horn*
every year. If you cannot visit San
Francisco, write for free private book,
advtce. question list. etc. All correspond-
ence confidential. - >,
No printing en envelope* or package*
to Indicate name of sender.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 MAHKBT ST.. S. F.
Take Elevator to Third Floor.
I Dally. S to 5.
Evenings. 7 to S.
. Sundays. 9 to 1L
The S*n'. Francisco Mat xo Co.. factory "and
main office at 1130 Howard it.. Ulephoa* South
467. Saraplej already. Matzos. Ie par pound;
iratzo meal. 8c per pound; nntzoa baked ¦ with
ec(s. 15c per pound; macronea. 400 per pound.
Order* also taken at 1240 FoUoxa »t.. Ulephjn*
Folsom 991.