DEMOCRATS PLANNING
FOR THE CONVENTION
Members of the National Committe«
Visit Kansas City to Perfect
Arrangements.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. March 12.— Five
members of the Democratic National:
Committee came to Kansas City to-day
to start Into motion the machinery for
handling the Democratic National Con
vention next July. They are W. J. Stone
of Missouri. J. G. Johnson of. Kansas.
Judge Adair Wilson of Colorado. D. J.
Campau of Michigan and C. A. Walsh ot
lowa. These gentlemen, with H. D. Clay
ton of Alabama and J. M. Guffey of Penn
sylvania, constitute the sub-committee of
the national committee appointed to look
after and direct the arrangements of the
convention. Clayton is 111 and Guffey was
unable on account of business engage
ments to be present. John I. Martin, ser
geant-at-arms of the National Commit
tee, was here.
The forenoon was spent in Inssi**£lejf
Convention Hall, where the July gather
ing will be held. At 1 o'clock the mem
ber* of the committee were entertained
at luncheon at the Kansas City Club,
where impromptu talks were made by
Committeemen Stone. Johnson, Campau
Walsh and Martin and members of the
local committee. Later tha committee
held conferences with the press, hotel and
railroad committees. The sessions was
continued into the evening. The commit
tee will not be able to finish its work till
In nun i mm 'lipm* tWWUMiimii |M" m ¦
In the course of interviews, the mem
bers of the sub-committee, as well as the
press and telegraph reports, pronounced
Convention Hall one of the best and most
suitable for housing large gatherings of.
any in existence.'
During the day a local press committee
to look after the comfort of visiting news
paper men was named and an ample fund
subscribed for carrying out its purposes.
E. M. Clendenning. who was made chair
man of the committee, was authorized to
issue a statement to the editors of tha
country. In which the following occurs:
"It will be the business of this com
mittee to see that you have ample ac
commodations and are treated fairly. Wo
have already commenced our work afld
this letter is sent you to assure you that
all will receive Just and equitable treat
ment and will be accorded the hospitali
ties of a growing and thriving city, sucb
a» Kansas City is."
• v
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL. WASHING
TON, March 12.— A formal appeal
to Great Britain for a cessation of
hostilities and restoration of peace
In South Africa has been made by the
Transvaal and Orange Free State through
the intermediation of the United States
In common ¦with European governments.
It is the impression to-night in official
and diplomatic circles that the British
Government will reply, submitting terms
•vth'.ch the Transvaal will be unable to
accept and that the war will continue.
Upon the receipt of »¦ fllSPflf eh Qor" ,
Consul Hay containing the Boer appeal
It was immediately communicated to Lon
don, and it is expected that the British
Government, which has been expecting
such proposals, will be able to give an Im
mediate answer. The administration has
been stating that it would decline to use
its good offices in the interest of peace
unless asked by both powers to mediate,
but It has changed its attitude to the ex
tent of laying bofore the British Govern
ment the proposals which United States
Consul Hay, as acting British representa
tive, received from Presidents Kruger
and Steyn.
It is understood that Mr. Hay reports
having attended a conference when Presi
dents Kruger and Steyn appealed to all
nations to use their good offices in the in
terest of peace, but it is stated that he
received a special communication relative
to the proposals that should be made, the
Transvaal well understanding the United
States, as the next best friend of England,
would be the best channel through which
to appeal for peace.
Because of the delicate character of the
negotiations in progress and the important
results which hinge upen them the State
Department is indisposed to make public
the contents of the dispatch which it re
ceived yesterday from Consul Hay. nor
will it disclose whether the message,
which was immediately forwarded to the
British Government through the United
Etates embassy in London, was accom
panied by any expression 'on the part of
this Government urging its acceptance. It
Is believed, however, that the administra
tion did not commit Itself, leaving to Great
Britain to determine, without representa
tion on the part of the President, whether
It ehould accept or reject the proposal of
the Transvaal in the interest of peace.
I am informed authoritatively that Pres
ident Kruger and President Steyn are
•willing to end the war on this basis:
First — Reorganization of the inde
pendence and sovereignty of the
South African*' republic and Orange
Free State.
Second— Naturalization to be con
ferred upon foreigners residing five
years in the Transvaal.
Third— English and Dutch to be
taught in the public schools and to
be used in the courts. .
Fourth— Arbitration of . claims
growing out of the Jameson raid, of
the coolie question, of the dispute
growing out of the restrictions im
posed by the South African republic
upon the negroes of the entire Trans
vaal and of all other questions at is
eue between the belligerents.
"My informant, who has very good
sources of information, stated that the
first wish of President Kruger was to re
lieve bis country of the suzerainty of
Great Britain. • ¦ •
"It is his desire." he continued, "that
the South African republic ehoulJ be re
moved from European politics, an<l he is
•niiling that its position should be the
tame as that of Belgium In Europe."
A diplomatic authority said to-night
that Germany, France and Russia stand
ready to make representations to Great
Britain In the interest of peace Just as
poftn as they are assured the United
States is using its good offices to that
end. -" -~
LONDON. March 13.— Unconditional
surrender on the part of the Transvaal
and Orange Free State and absolute
declination to consider any • proffer of
good offices of intervention on the part
of any foreign power is, according to ex
cellent authority, the policy decided Upon
by the British Government.
Balfour's announcement that the terms
upon which Her Majesty's Government
was willing to end the war would v-ry
shortly be laid before Parliament—accord
ing to some reports to-day— created the
liveliest Interest among members of all
ebaflej of politics. It quite overshadowed
pects of the war. The Daily News quotes
Whitelaw Reid as saying in a private let
ter:
"I give you hearty congratulations on
the changed aspect of the war. It is an
Immense relief to us all as well as to
you." • ?.
"This view," says the Daily News, "Is
welcome as expressing with . unusual
measure of authority enlightened public
feeling in the United States." .
Except in the case of Germany the re
plies of the powers to the Boer/ appeals
for intervention are not yet known • pub
licly here, but It is quite certain \ that
Austria-Hungary and Italy will dfcline to
interfere, and there 13 no apprehension
that anything will come of the overtures
of the. two. republics.
. A dispatch from Lourenzo Marques an
nounces the arrival there of ;Mr. Fischer,
the' Orange Free State Secretary, and Mr.
Woolmarans, a member of the Transvaal
executive council. It is not known
whether they are bound on a mission to
foreign powers or to Sir Alfred Milner.
Mr. Woolmarans is In President Kruger's
confidence.
Cecil - Rhodes has issued a statement
that his forthcoming visit to England has
solely to do with private business and Is
In no way connected with the South Af
rican settlement.
COLONIES EXPECTED
TO CONTINUE SUPPORT
: LONDON, March 12.— At the commence
ment of the debate in the House of Com
mons to-day on the "army estimates the
Parliamentary Secretary for.^the War
Office, Mr. p Wyndham, declared 'that re
cent events did not. justify. at, the present
time any diminution in< the. provision for
the fuf ther conduct of the campaign in
South Africa. The financial -cost of the
war, he declared," was.not: immediately
altered by fluctuations 'of failure or suc
cess. It would be rash at present to think
that the number of months the British
army would remain in South Africa was
likely to.be materially shortened. ,So the
Government estimates included what was
believed to ; be enough money, to continue
the efforts at full pressure for another six
months and at •- half : pressure •• for six
months thereafter. • -
" Continuing, Mr. Wyndhamsald he con
templated that, the . colonies would in
future continue their military support of
the empire, on a 'systematic basis, and
they might live to see this new force rev
olutionize the problem* of imperial de
fense. The colonies, he declared, had hot
fulfilled a. contract, but had obeyed the
instinct of the imperial race. It might be
that in the future the colonies would not
only seek to perpetuate their present ac
tion but would seek to render. a repetition
by some organization ¦oh • prearranged
lines. The' speaker paid a high tribute to
the -heroism of the troops, who, he said,
had so splendidly contributed to the deep
laid strategy of -Lord -Roberts.
-, Regarding shooting practice,. Mr. Wynd
ham said that r the Government proposed
to expend- £140,000 on rifle ranges and in
sending officers to ' Switzerland to study
the subject of ranges.
Discussing the necessity for additional
battalions in order to enable the same
number, of battalions to be at home as
were abroad and the impossibility of re
ducing the forces abroad, the Secretary
incidentally remarked: "No one had ever
found the opportunity or time to with
draw our troops from Egypt and no one
ever would find time."
Regarding garrisons abroad, Mr. Wynd
ham said that only by "more voluntary
system of recruiting could the garrisons
be maintained.
TWO LIEUTENANTS AMONG
BRITISH OFFICERS KILLED
LONDON, March 12.— The War Office
this morning Issued the following dispatch
ftxim Aasvogel Kop under date of March
12, 5:30 a. m.: . ; " S-;
"We were unopposed during the. march
yesterday. The officers I left at the last
camp to record the list of casualties have
not yet arrived. The following additional
casualties are known, however: :
"Killed— Lieutenants F. N. Parsons and
A.B. Coddington of the Essex Regiment.
"Wounded— Lieutenants C. Berkeley (se
verely), Lloyd Arm and G. H. Raleigh. •
"General r Gat acre reports .that ¦he was
within a mile of the Bethulie Railway
bridge yesterday, 'j The bridge * was par
tially destroyed and. the enemy was hold
log the opposite bank." . :
HAS AGAIN
OUTWITTED
THE BOERS
Lord Roberts, by Rapid
Advance, Reaches a
Point Twelve Miles
South of Bloemfon
torn
tUiJLL
Wf TtTTTTT TTTT TTTTTTTITTTT^
X GENERAL FRENCH t
X AT BLOEMFONTEIN ]' :
+ . — ~ "~"~" ~ """
+ LONDON, March 13, 9:55 a. m.— X
"?"The War Office has received a-i
+ dispatch from Lord Roberts an- +
+ nouncing that General French +
T reached Bloemfontein last evening "?•
"t and occupied two hills close to the T
X railway station. T
tH;I ??????»»+»???? ?>? ?>?•
VENTERS VLEITV Orange Free
State, March 12, Monday even
ing. — The British forces, which
since the fighting at Dreifontein
have been marching rapidly, have
turned the Boer position. The Brit
ish cavalry is ahead.
The Boers were reported this
morning about 12,000 strong with
pighteen guns in position on a range
of kopjes commanding i the road to
Bloemfontein, which is distant fif
teen miles.
LONDON, March 13.— The Daily News
has the following dispatch, dated Monday
evening, March 12, from Venters Viet:
. "We left Aasvodel Kop. this morning,,
preceded by cavalry, and marched here,
a distance of about fifteen miles. The
army has been following Kraal Spruit and
we are now rather to the south of Bloem
fontein and only about twelve miles off.
All the divisions have now Joined the
main advance. Lord Roberts' headquar
ters are at Gregorowski's farm. You will
remember that the reform prisoners were
tried before Judge Gregorowski. .
"By advancing along Kraal Spruit Lord
Roberts has again outwitted the Boers,
who had entrenched themselves along the
Modder. thinking that our route would
be in that direction. We found most of
the farms along our line of march de
serted, with white flags flying over the
houses. All the belongings worth removal
had been taken away and there were evi
dent signs that the . occupants left in a
great hurry, things-being littered about.
The commander-lri-chief has given strict
orders that nothing is to be touched. It
is not expected. that. we, shall; meet with
great opposition in entering « Bloemfon^
tein." «
AMERICA DOES NOT
ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY
PARIS, March 13, 6:45 a. m.— The Gau
lols publishes the following from its Lon
don correspondent: . ¦ ,
"According to good authority President
Kruger and President Steyn have not made
a formal proposition of peace, but have
asked the British Government, through
the United States, the conditions it would
accept for the opening of negotiations on
the basis of the independence of the re
publics. President Kruger is alleged to
has said that he would accept mediation,
but the United States Government,, in
transmitting thl3 communication, . took
care to declare that it did not assume the
responsibility. for the initiative in media
tion."
The London correspondent of the Matin
says: "I learn that United States Embas
nador Choate received last evening a long
and important cable from the United
States relative to South Africa which he
will communicate to-day to Lord Salis
bury."
Stowe Visits Cronje.
TJAPE TOWN. March 12.— James G.
Stowe. United States Consul General here,
has paid a visit to General Cronje at the
latter's. request on board . , the British
cruiser Doris. They conversed with the
aid of an interpreter. General Cronje ex
pressed great satisfaction with his sur
roundings and with the treatment he had
received at the hands of the British. ,
Mr. Stowe has also visited the camp
where the Boer prisoners are at Simons
town. He was shown where they had
excavated a tunnel for a distance of
twenty-five yards with tin dishes and
cups. If the tunnel had been continued
another dozen yards their escape would
have been possible. One of the prisoners
gave information of the plot.
Mob Attacks Schreiner.
SCARBOROUGH. Enirland. March 12.—
Cronwright Schreiner. husband pf Olive
Schrelncr, and other * advocates of tho
Boer cause were invited to dine here this
evening at a restaurant belonging to the
firm of Mr. Rowntree, a former member
of the House of Commons. When the
fact became known a hostile and continu
ally growing crowd gathered outside' and
began to sing patriotic songs. Finally an
attack was made upon the restaurant, the
crowd wrecking, its elaborate front. :
Schreiner and Rowntree' were compelled
to escape, by a side door and were badly
hustled by the crowd. The incident oc
curred well on in the evening. Eventu
ally mounted police charged and dispersed
the disturbers. ,
Naval Officers Decorated.
LONDON, March 13.— The Queen : has
conferred. the companionship of the Bath
upon Captain the Hon. Hedworth Lamb
ton of the first-class cruiser Powerful, and
upon Captain Percy Scott of the first-class
cruiser Terrible for their services in the
military operations at Ladysmith.
No News From Mafeking.
LONDON, March 13.— N0 further news
has-been received from Mafeking, but it
turns out that Colonel Peakman com
mands the relief column which is march
ing from Kimberley. -
Both houses of the Legislature met at
the usual hour to-day and transacted con
siderable business of a routine nature.
Rumors that the Legislature was not to
be allowed to meet at the Stats House
drew a large crowd around the capltol
grounds before the hour for calling the
sessions, but only the usual guard was
present in the square and no attempt was
made to . prevent the legislators assem
bling. It was expected that the Tripplet
resolution appropriating $100,000 f or the
organization of a new State militia under
Governor Beckham would come up for
passage in ' the House, but the bill was
not called up for some reason. During
the day many of the legislators received
vouchers in full payment of thelr'salaries.
the vouchers being honored by a Frank
fort bank, acting, it is understood, as
agent for a Louisville bankingsinstltutlon,
m
DEMOCRATS ARREST
AN ASYLUM- STEWARD
LOUISVILLE. Ky., March 12.— W. U.
Hazellpp was arrested this afternoon at
the Central Asylum for the Insane on'
a charge of conspiracy. The charge is
practically the same as that under which
Secretary of State Caleb Powers and;
Captain John Davis are now-in custody.
Hazellpp is alleged to have been impli
cated in the plot to assassinate William
Goebel. He is the steward or the Central
Asylum- and was appointed to 'that offlca.
by Governor Bradley during his term, j
Hazellpp is from Grayson County. He is,
in the custody of detectives, at Lakeland
i and will be brought to Louisville.
CARDINAL DIANOSSA
SUMMONED BY DEATH
Was the Candidate of Austria in the
Conclave. Which Elected- ;
•;.;'. Pope Leo.
VERONA, Italy, March/ li-Cardlnal LI
Dianossa, Bishop ; of Verona, is* dead. He
was the oldest member of the Sacred Col
lege and I was -Austria's candidate •In I the
conclave which. elected Pone Leo. .
SENATE'S ACTION MAY
KILL CANAL TREATY
England Not Likely to Agree to Fur-
ther Modifications of Clayton-
Bulwer Agreement..
LONDON,' March 12.— N0 ; communica
tions have passed between London . and
Washington in regard to the Nicaraguan
canal treaty, and the reports cabled here
that Lord ;. Pauncefote, the British Em
bassador at Washington, had sent dis
patches to the Foreign Office bearing on
this subject are Incorrect. The Associ
ated Press is authorized jto say that . the
attitude of the British Government
is that, having agreed to all of
Secretary Hay's requests without ask
ing ¦¦' for -quid pro quo, "*¦ it" can do
nothing more, nor express any opinion
untilnew requests are made through the
same channel." As nothing of the kind
had been done, no notice could be taken
of the Senatorial action. „
It appears that Lord Salisbury has thus
far devoted no attention to the matter.
The United States . Charge d' Affaires
here Henry White, had an interview
with * Lord Salisbury to-<lay, but. . as far
as the Associated Press is able t<S ascer
tain" the Nicaraguan canal ; matter was
not discussed. Under the circumstances,
it is '¦ difficult to definitely say what ( will
be the probable attitude of Great Britain
on this question, but the indications point
to the fact that the adoption of the Sen
ate's amendment will result in Great
Britain's | refusal to further consider any
modification of the Clayton-Bulwer
"The Dally News in an editorial dealing
with the Hay- Pauncefote convention says:
. - : "The •* Monroe \ doctrine has ' been < made
responsible for some strange : pretensions,
but for none stranger than the claim to a
military control of I tho Nicaragua canal.
Even If President McKlnley yields to the
Senate it does not follow ; that Lord Salis
bury will ; yield 4o i President McKlnley." .%¦
-. The ' Dally * Chronicle ' says: "We < hope
Lord Salisbury, will not yield. We are all
for a good understanding with America,
but we do not believe it will , be ' attained
by. conceding Important interests." ¦¦LV.
PANAMA,' March 11— The Herald's" cor
respondent In Managua reports that Presl-
dent Zelaya. knowing the sensitiveness
and patriotic feelings of the Nicaraguans,
will not commit himself on tho question
of United States troops being landed to
defend the projected canal. He said the
solution of the question rested wholly
with Congress.
TRAFFIC BLOCKED BY
SNOW AND LAND SLIDES
Six Houses Demolished at Sandon
and One Man Loses His
Life.
.VANCOUVER. 8...C, March 12.— N0
overland train has arrived here since Sat
urday, all traffic being suspended by mud
and snowslides in the interior. Heavy
snowslldes are reported from the Selkirk
Mountains, carrying down trees and im
mense rocks, sweeping away the cut bank
truss bridge 150 feet long between Bear
Creek and Six-Mile Creek.
From Sandon comes the news of an even
more serious disaster. A landslide at noon
demolished six houses in the lower part
of the town, burying one of the tenants.
William ••McLeod, beneath the mass of
debris which crushed the houses as if
they had been eggshells. Three others,
occupants of the dwelling, were seriously
Injured, half a dozen others sustaining
less severe injuries.
Delayed overland passengers will go
through " to-morrow, transferring at the
break in the line.
REPORTED DROWNING
OF TWENTY-TWO MEN
HALIFAX. N. 8.. March 12.— A Tar
mouth dispatch reports that the steamer.
Counte collided with another steamer off
Sable Island and the captain and twenty
one men were drowned. -
French Boxer Dies.
¦ PARIS. March 12.— Guydoj; the celebrat
ed ? boxer ' who met James Jeffries * some
months ago In Paris, died last Saturday
in the Hospital Bouccicault. He was ad
mitted to . the Institution about the mid
dle of February.' when his case was diag
nosed as tuberculosis In Its advanced
stages.
SIEGE INCIDENT AT MAFEKING.
A Boer shell after tearing away the roof and part of the wall of Rissle's Hotel,' the principal hostelry of the town,
set fire to the debris, a matter of quite frequent occurrence. Outbreaks of this kind are promptly suppressed. by thoso
near, as shown In this picture, which is taken from the London Daily Graphic.
in the public mind, for the time being,
the importance of Lord Roberts' advance
on Bloemfontein. he now being only
twelve miles distant.
It is understood that the documents
which Mr. Balfour promised to produce
are very brief, consisting of only two tele
grams. The first is the communication
from Presidents Kruger and Steyn ex
pressing the readiness of the Transvaal
and Orange Free State to surrender pro
vided the independence of the republics
were assured. The reply of the Govern
ment is a peremptory refusal -to entertain
any such terms, and the statement that
there' must be unconditional surrender.
In the Parliamentary lobbies yesterday
the Idea of entertaining any such pro
posals at the present Juncture was alto
gether scouted.
Military experts believe that the end
of the war is still far distant. The result
of the action of Presidents Kruger and
Steyn in appealing for intervention of the
great powers and also to the Governments
of Belgium. Holland and Switzerland, is
awaited with intense interest.
KRUGER APPEALS
TO THE POWERS
TO INTERVENE
THE HAGUE, March 12.— 1t is learned
from reliable source that President Kru
ger, through the Consuls at Pretoria, has
appealed for the intervention of the great
powers in the Transvaal war and has also"
appealed to the Governments of Belgium,
Holland and Switzerland.
DURBAN. Monday, March 12.— The
Transvaal having appealed to Germany
for mediation in the war with Great Brit
ain, Germany has replied that she de
clines to interfere, as she is in no way
concerned in the conflict.
LONDON. March 12.— 1n the House of
Commons to-day Mr. Balfour, the First
Lord of the Treasury and Government
leader, replying to a question as to.wheth
er, consistently with public interest, ho
could * state the essential conditions on
which alone the Government would entor
tain peace proposals from. the South Af
rican republics, promised that papers in
this connection would shortly be presented
to the House of Commons.
Being asked if there was ¦any.founda
tion for the report. that President Kruger
had addressed a communication ¦.*o. the
Government. Mr. Balfour -reiterated ' hia
promise that papers bearing en this sub
ject would be presented to the House
within a short time. - •
It is learned that the papers promised
by Mr. Balfour will be presented ¦ to-mor
row and will confirm in every respect, tfi.3
news cabled by the Associated, Press on
Friday last, that the peace rumors wore
founded on the fact that President Kru
ger had appealed to Lord Salisbury for a
cessation of hostilities, setting forth at
length by cable the terms which! he was
willing to accept, and also. that the cabled
dispatch to the' Premier was signed by
President. Steyn as well as by President
Kruger.
Lord Salisbury's answer is exactly as
given by the Associated Press at the same
time, namely, that the advances had met
with an emphatic rejection at the hands
of Lord Salisbury, who also said that no
such attempt to retain the independence
of the Transvaal could . be considered for
a moment by the British Government.
Leonard H. Courtney, M. P., and others,
in behalf of the South African conciliation
committee, will memorialize Lord SMla
bury to make peace, now that the- British
arms are triumphant, on the basis of
equal rights to all whites and disarma
ment, leaving the two republics national
life within their own borders. •
INTEREST CENTERS IN
THE POLITICAL ASPECTS
LONDON, March 13. 4:20 a. m.— Lord
Roberts is making a very rapid advance,
and he is again misleading the Boers ' by
continuing the advance southward g in
stead of through the flat country due
east of Aasvogel Kop. He will probably
seize the railway south of Bloemfontein,
and, although another battle is possible,
it is more likely. that the Boers are only
endeavoring to delay his advance until all
the rolling stock of the railway and the
stores and troops from the Orange River
district can he got away. Such confidence
Is now felt in the, military operations that
interest rather centers In the political as-
IN BELEAGUERED MAFEKING.
Making for the bomb-proof at the alarm of "Here comes the shells." The Boers are pressing the
siege of Mafeking with redoubled efforts in hopes of the moral effect it will have upon the Afrikanders
should Bloemfontein fall. The sketch was made by the special artist of a London daily at the front.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
situation, as several Republican legisla
tors have openly expressed their inten
tion to resist such service to 'the last,
while an attempt to arrest Governor Tay
lor at present would In all probability be
attended by consequences unpleasant to
contemplate. Governor Taylor has been
urged by several Republican leaders to
remove the seat of government to London
for the present, where he would be safer
from the possibility of arrest, but It is
understood he has refused to take such
action and will remain In Frankfort un
til the Federal courts have finally passed
upon the disputed Governorship.
Legislature to Adjourn.
The developments of the next twenty
four'hours probably will settle things one
way or the other, as the Legislature has
but that much longer to live, and with a
peaceful final settlement and a departure
of the legislators much pressure will be
removed.
Absolutely nothing occurred during the
day to create excitement. Nevertheless,
both sides took further precautions to
guard their Interests. A conference was
held during the day between Governor
Beckham, Mayor Dehoney. of Frankfort
and Sheriff Suter, and shortly afterward
Sheriff Suter swore In twenty-five extra
Deputy. Sheriffs and Mayor Dehoney fifty
special policemen, members of the militia
company organized yesterday. These men
will be used to "preserve the peace until
after the present crisis is past," as Sheriff
Suter expressed it. Lieutenant Peake.
commanding the militia contingent which
started . for London as guard for Secret
tary Powers and Captain Davis, returned
from Lexington during the day. No more
militia companies are . expected here, ac
cording to General Collier.
Kentucky Democrats Said to Be Plan
ning the Imprisonment of the
Republican Governor.
Stretches a Point to Aid the Boers,
but Great Britain Will Demand
Unconditional Surrender,
UNCLE SAM SENDS
APPEAL FOR PEACE
FRANKFORT, March 12.— The situ
ation iln Frankfort to-night shows
a radical improvement from that
of . twenty-four hours . ago. . Public
excitement, worked up to the high
est pitch by the arrest of Secretary of
State Powers, Captain Davis and the oth
ers accused of complicity In the assassin
ation of Governor Goebel, and by rumors
among the Republicans that the hastily
organized militia of Governor Beckham
was to attempt to take possession of the
State buildings or arrest Governor Tay
lor, and among the Democrats that the
State* militia would attempt to arrest
Governor Beckham, died away almost en
tirely when it became evident that neither
side had any. intention of Initiating hos
tilities. Nevertheless, grea^, uneasiness
still exists, especially among the Republi
cans.
Democratic leaders do not deny the re
ports that further arrests will be made
in connection with the Goebel assassina
tion, which one prominent Democrat said
to-day might also Include some antl-
Goebel Democrats, . and already several
Republican members of the Legislature
have left Frankfort, presumably to avoid
possible arrest/Rumors in regard to the
arrests Included not only the name of
Governor Taylor and Republican mem
bers, of tho Legislature, but that of Ad
jutant General Collier., as well. No war
rant has been issued for General Collier
as yet, however. Sheriff Suter assured
General Collier of that fact this morning
upon the latter's arrival from Louisville.
General Collier drily remarked that Sher
iff Suter could find him five minutes after
a warrant was Issued.
. In the service of further warrants lies
one of the critical points of the general
ARREST OF TAYLOR
MAY BE ATTEMPTED
VOLUME LXXXYH- NO. 103.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH 1900.
PBICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallStops the Cou£h and rvork* Off the Cold.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets cur* a cold
In one day. No cure, no pay.' Price 26a.
To Protect Deer.
SAN RAFAEL,.'. March 12.— The Matin
CountyiGame, Association will. Introduce
an, ordinance" at the next > meeting ¦of the
Board of Supervisors limiting the hunting
of deer, and quail In, this county; this year
to one week, the deer season to open July
15 and close July 22. . This is a move to
protect the same. • . - ; ,
¦- ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ *
BLOOD ON THE SLED.
Pinkerton Detective Finds Important
Evidence Against O'Brien.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 13.— A Pinker
ton detective who Is looking up the Clay-
Bon-Relfe-Olson mystery has made some
striking discoveries, according to a story
brought from Skaguay by C. P. Stone. It
seems that the Pinkerton man in going
carefully through the effects of O'Brien,
held at Taglsh under suspicion and now
on his way to Selkirk to be tried on an
other charge, noticed a round mark on
the sled owned by the prisoner. He found
that it was a plug, and when the plug was
pried out he found in the cavity three $100
Canadian bills. , • • " '; • ¦
-This led to a still closer scrutiny of the
sled, and splashes of blood, afterward as
certained to be human, were discovered.
The plate in the hilt of the prisoner's re
volver was taken off and two $50 bills were
found concealed there. The police think
the numbers on the bills may possibly
connect O'Brien with the mystery and
lead to new developments./, .
Takes Wolcott's Run.
PORT TOWNSEND.Wash., March 12.—
The steamer Golden Gate sailed from here
to-day for Alaska to go on the mall route
between Sitka and Kodlak, in place of the
long overdue steamer Wolcott, and also to
make dilllgent search for the .Wolcott.
Since the Wolcott was reported as being
on her way to Sitka from the west coast
of Alaska several severe storms in the
North Pacific Ocean have occurred and
shipping men who are familiar with that
coast and also with the Wolcott are of the
opinion that the. little craft has gone to
the bottom. '¦¦_,'.'¦ ¦ .
Packers Are Satisfied.
SAN: JOSE, March 12.— Director L. B.
Fletcher of the California Cured Fruit
Association. In the absence of President
Bond and Vice President Henry, to-day
stated'that there was not the slightest
controversy with the packers so far as
the officers are advised. A number: of
contracts with growers came in" from
Napa County to-day with scattering con
tracts from air parts of the State.
CARNEGIE FILES
HIS ANSWER TO
FRICK'S CHARGES
Denies That the Steel Com
pany's Annual Profits
Were Abnormal.
«
Former Manager Was Ousted Be
cause He Insisted Upon Dic
tating the Entire Policy
of the Concern.
»
PITTSBURO, March 12.— Late this
afternoon the answer of the Carnegie
Steel Company (limited), defendant in
the equity suit of H. C. Frick, to deter
mine the value of his holdings in that
company, was filed In Common Pleas
Cfiurt No. 1. The answers filed are for
the Carnegie Steel Company (limited) and
thirty individual defendants who are
stockholders and directors of the corpo
ration. The document complete makes
nearly 28,000 words, meeting every aver
ment of the plaintiff In the fullest detail.
The answer goes into the manner in
which Frick ac-quired his interest (n the
great corporation, the statement being
made that he, like the other young part
ri«-rs. was permitted to purchase his
stock to be paid for out of the future
profits, and that In February, 18y5, he had
no acquired 11 i>er cent of the stock of
the company, for which he owed Andrew
Carnegie $I>TS.I9I.
That being during the period of busi
ness depression, the answer states, Frick
questioned his own ability to carry this
heavy obligation and asked. Carnegie to
take back 5 per cent of his holdings.
This Carnegit- did, paying for the stock
*t the book value, which is the valuation
Frirk now declines to accept for his re
maining holdings, 6 per cent of the com
pany's stock.
Carnegie and the other defendants fur
ther allege that the remaining 6 per cent
of stock, for which Frick now refuses to
accept the book value of $3.<»0rt,000, cost
I'rick but $310,000. after deducting the
credits from the earnings of his stock.
Wanted to Hun the Firm.
As to the value of Frlck's services,
¦which Frick claims lanrHy added to the
ruccess of the association. Carnegie says
that since January. 18*j5. Frick's functions
have been merely advisory. However,
the defendants <lo not question his abil
ity and say they would be glad to have
him continue in the business had he not
himself forced the trouble and rendered
Fuch lmpofp'.ble. It i« charged that Frick
is a man of imperious temper and at
tempted to make a personal matter of
business differences, giving away to vio
lent outbursts of passion. The defend
ants state that he demanded absolute
power and without it was not satisfied.
It is denied that Carnegie was actuated
by malevolent motives in demanding the
resignation of Frick as chairman, and it
is stated that the resignation was de
manded In order to preserve harmony in
the interest of the association. The
plaintiff was Informed by Carnegie that
he had better resign for his own sake and
to avoid the necessity of a refusal to re
elect him at the approaching annual
meeting. This, however, it is claimed,
was done In the kindliest spirit and after
all the acting members of the board of
managers had signed a paper requesting
Frick to resign.
Touching upon the profits of the concern
and the attempt to orpanize a stock com
pany, the answer stated that Carnegie,
while at luncheon with the plaintiffs and
others connected with the company, by
way of Jest undertook to make estimates
of the profits of the company for the year
IPX), and that the defendant, Andrew Car
negie, under the conditions then existing,
did make an estimate substantially as
averred in the ninth paragraph of plain
tiff's bill ($42,000,000). such estimate, how
ever, being a mere guess at results to be
ascertained fourteen months In the fu
ture.
It is admitted that th*> profits of the
company for the year 1599 were substan
tially as averred by plaintiff ($25,000,000),
but that the amount so stated refers only
to the difference between the amount of
sales and the actual expenses of manufac
ture, and not by any means Indicates the
amount available for distribution ac divi
dends. ¦ - ' ¦ • - ¦. • :
Assets of the Association.
It Is denied that the association has as
sets which it could transfer worth $230,
000,000, and It is asserted that on Decem
ber 11, 1599. the books showed that the net
value of the assets of the association were
$75,610,104. It Is also stated that from time
to time Frick has been a member of com
mittees appointed to revalue the assets of
the company, and it Is stated that the val
uation now repudiated by him is the val
uation which lie has reported and upon
which more than fifteen settlements have
been made with retiring members of the
company or the estates of deceased mem
bers.
Frick. it is claimed, has upheld and en
forced the so-called "Ironclad agreement"
at all times, opposing an attempt on the
part of Henry Phipps to make a change In
the original. During all the years Frick,
as the active agent of the association, ac
quired the Interests of all retiring part
ners under Its provisions; when a part
ner was deemed unsatisfactory by his as
sociates he was informed of that fact by
1- rick, with a statement that the company
would pay for such interests under the
terms of the agreement, and if not ac
cepted voluntarily he would enforce said
terms. This course continued up to the
time of his resignation as chairman and
manaper of the association, and he was
the first to attempt to 'evade the agree
ment.
It is alleged that during the membership
of Frick in the association in addition to
an adequate salary paid him for services
as manager he received upon his Interest
actual dividends in cash, which not only
repaid him the sum of $310,000. which he
himself paid for his interest, but an ad
ditional sum or clear profit of $935,215.
The proposition made by Frick to ar
bitrate the value of his interests is re
jected because the defendants propose at
all times to maintain the integrity of the
contract under which the relations of the
association and its various members have
been defined since ISS7.
THREATENED
WITH DEATH
BY SOLDIERS
False Testimony Demanded
of a "Bull Pen" Inmate
at Wardner. N .
Firing Squad Utilized in Order to
Compel Him to Give Testimony
Against Innocent
Hen.
WASHINGTON, March 12.-L. B. Simp
kins, an electrical engineer at Wardner,
Idaho, testified in the Coeur .d'Alene in
vestigation before the House Committee
on Military Affairs to-day. He said he
did not participate In the riot, but shortly
afterward was arrested by a .squad of
United States troops, who went about the
streets arresting persons pointed out by.
Bunker Hill mine "spotters." Two per
sons who stopped to see the soldiers and
their prisoners were promptly arrested
and put with the other prisoners.
The witness said one of the prisoners, a
Swede, was attacked by a fit, whereupon
a negro struck him. with the butt of a
gun, the blow rendering him unconscious.
The corporal of the guard came up and,
turning the fallen man over, said: • ¦ .
"I guess you've fixed that fellow all
right."
Slmpkins said one of the prisoners was
robbed of $90. Another or his recitals
caused something of a sensation. He said
he was taken from the "bull pen" by a
squad of four soldiers and marched to an
open enclosure, where he was placed with
his back against a building. The soldiers
stepped back and cocked their guns, ap
parently making ready to shoot him. At
this point, he said,. a high official of the
Bunker Hill mine appeared and said they
had evidence enough to hang the witness
or to send him up for many years, but
that If he would tell who blew up the
mill he would be turned loose. Simpklns
said he protested that he did not know
who the guilty persons were, and the ef
fort to get evidence from him was finally
given up.
Coin for False Testimony.
The witness stated that at another time,
while in the "bull pen," a person, who said
he was authorized officially, offered him
$10,000 to Implicate two persons in the
blowing up of the mill. The party said It
did not matter much who were Implicated,
but the names of certain miners and the
County Assessor were given whom It was
most desired to implicate, for the purpose,
the witness said, of hanging them or get
ting them out of the country. He said he
afterward learned that the Assessor had
had trouble with the Bunker Hill mine
over their assessments. :
The witness detailed an interview with
an army officer In which the latter de
clined to permit a priest to be summoned
to one of the prisoners who was dying,
and also refused- to allow him to com
municate with his partner as to the,, dis
position of his property. He detailed
many other Instances of alleged cruelty.
.One of his recitals was as to a brief
visit by General Merriam to the "bull
pen" and the refusal to allow prisoners
to communicate with him.
In telling of the shooting of Johnson,
the prisoner who went insane, the wit
ness contributed additional testimony,
saying that while Johnson was running
away a certain mine official shouted,
"Shoot! Shoot!" whereupon the soldiers
accordingly shot. The witness said he
helped dig the tunnel intended as a means
of escape, as he was "dying by Inches."
He also gave his experience on the
"standing line" and while in solitary con
finement.
When Representative Sulzer, who di
rected the examination, asked the witness
concerning 'this Siberia of horrors" ob
jections were made to the characteriza
tion, but. on a': vote the committee permit
ted the question. •
IMPERIALISTIC
POLICY MEANS
RETROGRESSION
Senator Rawlins of Utah
Opposes Holding of the
Philippines.
Denounces the Expansion Programme
as a Violation of the Funda
mental Principles of This 5
Government.
— •
I WASHINGTON, March 12.— During, "al
most the entire spssion of the Senate to
day Rawlins of Utah occupied the floor
in a discussion of the Philippine question.
He went deeply Into the constitutional
phases of the. question. His argument
was largely legal and technical. He is
opposed to the holding of the Philip
pines.
Rawlins said he had read the bill of
Spooner conferring authority upon the
President to govern the islands until Con
gress otherwise provided.
"That bill," said he, "is but the pro
logue of the swelling act in the imperial
theme." ;
I He also read the act of 1803, conferring
upon the President power to govern the
territory " of Louisiana. " Rawlins read
some opinions of Kent and other English
publicists as a basis for his argument.
In response to an inquiry by Spooner,
Rawlins said. In the course of his consti
tutional argument upon the rights of in
habitants of the insular possessions, that
the treaty of Paris conferred upon Con
gress the authority to 'determine the civil
rights and political status of the native
inhabitants of the islands derived from
Spain by the United States, in accordance
with the treaty. It did not, however, he
said, confer that authority .upon . Con
gress with regard to other than native
inhabitants of the islands. He main
tained, therefore, that the constitution
must necessarily extend over the outly
ing territory and that the Americans,
Germans, Frenchmen and others on these
islands could be governed by Congress
only under the limitations of ¦ the consti
tution.
Waging a War of Aggression.
. Speaking of the Filipinos he said:
These people never acknowledged their alle
giance to this Government; hence they are not
in insurrection asalnst the United States. A
war of aggression Is being waged against them.
The purpose, I believe, in the drafting of the
bill proposed by the Senator (Spooner) Is to
secure recognition by Congress of a state of
war In the Philippines. It comes to us In dis
guise and for the purpose I have stated and to
relieve this administration from its political
anomalous position.
After saying he presumed that the
speeches of Beverldge and Lodge voiced
the sentiments ana presented tfie pro
gramme of the administration, Rawlins
said:
I am opposed to the carrying out of this pro
gramme. No vote of mine will aid to carry-
Ing into, effect the policy outlined by those
Senators. I oppose the programme because it
is in violation of the fundamental principles
upon which our free Institutions are erected;
because It is in opposition to the constitution,
because It proposes to rule by a despotic
power and not by rlghtß secured under the con
stitution, because it Is not expansion but retro
gression of all that we have neld highest and
because It Is unjust. Immoral and a breach of
the plighted faith of this nation.
Rawlins declared the Filipinos had been
deceived by the proclamations issusd to
them by the United States and its of
ficials. He continued:
They have been induced to believe that the
great white republic spoke to them with a de
ceptive and forked tongue and it Is to that fact
that may be ascribed the death of many brave
American soldiers and the - waste and blood
shed that have occurred.
While Rawlins was criticizing the ad
ministration for its conduct of the war In
the Philippines he' remarked again that
the Spooner bill was a recognition of hos
tillties-ln the islands.
Spooner Inquired If Rawlins had not
himself expressly consented to a state of
hostilities In the Philippines by voting to
Increase the army, knowing that the sol
diers were to be employed In the Philip
pines.
Rawlins replied that the proposition
that he voted for was one to supply troops
for the relief of those already in the field.
There was nothing in the enactmunt
which could be construed into a declara
tion of war.
"Open Door" an English Triumph.
Later on his remarks, referring to the
open door In China, for which much credit
has been given Secretary Hay, he said it
was purely an English triumph, not a tri
umph for this country. j
What right has a great trust of nations like
Russia, Oreat Britain and Germany to form a
conspiracy and declare to China: "Our behests
you must obey," and then proceed to parcel out
the markets and possibly the territory of
China. J
The open door achievement of the Secretary
of State is on a par with his achievement
known as the Hay- Pauncefote .treaty.
At the conclusion of Rawlins' speech
the Senate passed eighty-six private pen
sion bills and also the following: Approv
ing a revision and adjustment of certain
sales of Indian lands in the States, of Ne
braska and Kansas; to provide for neces
sary repairs to the steamer Thetis for Ber
vice as 'a revenue cutter.
DEMOCRAT UNSEATED.
House Decides the Second Virginia
IMstrict Election Contest.
WASHINGTON, March 12.— T0-day for
the second time, within a week a Demo
crat was- unseated by the House and a Re
publican seated In his place. R. A. Wise
was given" the seat "hitherto occupied by
W. A. Young from the Second Virginia
district. Previous to taking the vote John
S. Wise of New York, formerly a member
of the House from Virginia and who -was
a brother of R. A. Wise, and his attorney
In the, case, was excluded from the hall
by Speaker Henderson on the protest of
the Democrats that he was abusing the
privileges of the floor, to which he was en
titled by the rules, by interfering with the
debate upon the case/ ,. The vote was ex
ceedingly close. While none of the Repub
licans voted, with the. Democrats, enough
were absent and unpaired -to reduce the
Republican majority; upon the final/ vote
from 16, the normal majority, to 7.
.Cannon called up the urgent deficiency
appropriation bill, which carried $1,430.5.80.
The principal, items were $500,000 for the
naval estimate and $487,000 for the public
printing office. In connection with the lat
ter Item Richardson called I attention to
the bill he had introduced to regulate the
product of the paper trust. The advance
in the price of paper was one of the causes
of the deficiency appropriation asked for.
Richardson said the creation of the paper
trust had reduced, competition and \n~
creased prices. He said the number of bid
ders for supplying, paper to the _ Govern
ment for the next fiscal year had fallen
from forty-five to fifty, in former years,
to thirty, and the prices had ranged 50 per
cent higher. ¦-'¦¦ >: ¦ ¦¦¦• ; <: ;
Cannon turned " the . discussion into a
humorousvein by suggesting that the trust
In which Congress was immediately inter
ested was the '.'Congressional trust." snd
as the appropriation for the printing office
was'for- the > purpose ' of disseminating
speeches and iraklng : the "election and
calling" of Representatives sure, ho
thought there, hadwbeen no objection to
the appropriation. 'The bill was passed..
ALASKA MINING BILL PASSES.
WASHINGTON, March .12.— The bill re
ported •> last week from the House: Lands
Committee jto extend \ the placer mining
laws of the : United States, : with certain
modifications as to shore -¦ rights, beach
workings, ; etc., ; in . Alaßka, ; was -.¦. ¦ passed.
This bill -is designed to meet; the condi
tions obtaining at Cape Nome. . Lacey of
lowa, " chairman of '¦' tne committee, said
that It was indorsed by Alaskan authori
ties and smlners generally. An -amend
ment was adopted prohibiting- corpora
tions from locating claims.
BEECH AM S
pills&s:
10 cents tad 23 cents, at all ixng starts.
"ABpigfii LHile Boy
Would be sure of a welcome in almost
my home. But -what a welcome he
would have in a home where the hope
of children had been extinguished.
What a welcome this particular "- bright
little boy" did have in such a home,
may be judged by the closing paragraph
of his mother's 1 1
letter, given be- J^^^t^.
low. There is no /n&£2&
room for the Jfejy^TJ
whole letter, f^f T"^
which recounts a TV" *Jrf\ \\ -
story of fifteen ?vv"^^fJh v
year* of suffering !Sri^k |*§^* V
and a perfect cure "J^W
by the use of
"three bottles of sSJßfc^rfcS
Dr. Pierces Favor-
ite Prescription, gAy W\ A
two bottles of *A^^a*si!/-l
' Golden Medical i^yik y^ 7\
Discovery,' and WSfoJ fa, jokC^?
some of the 'Pel- ¦^T^
itances chJdless- H.
ness is the result Sfc&fel f\s\\l,
of conditions • pJsSiSc^ x^ H'
which are curable. J^vi&SjOVv (il '
It has often hap- SE^^^O\7^-
peaed that when -i2-£jnj¥& <S C"''
"Favorite Pre- SSwgbfaV \\
scription ¦ has ffiqwjSY^Sjv
cured a woman of x %&(&£jif^\. >
female weakness ffiffi^ '' J >^
and the nervous E£__
condition attending it, her return to
health is signalized by the birth of her
first child. "Favorite Prescription" makes
weak women strong, sick women well.
* I cannot tell half that Dr. Pierces medicine
has dose for me," writes Mrs. T. A. Ragan. oi
Korris. WaUun Co.. jr. C. "It will do all that
it claimed for it— prevent miscarriage and ren-
der childbirth ea«y. It has given me a bright
little boy, and I mould cot have had him had it
not been for your wonderful medicine. - 1 can-
not bey too much in praise of it ; I think it is
worth its weight in gold. I thamk Cod for my
life, and Dr. Pierce for my health."
"Pleasant Pellets", clear the com-
plexion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TRUE STATUS OF THE
PLACERVILLE BOND CASE
Location of the Bond on Which John
son's Suit Was Based Unknown
to the Authorities.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE. March 12.— The story
published In the Examiner yesterday,
headed "Asks Money For His Old Bonds.
One of the Holders Brings Placervllle's
Famous Case to Court. Some Claims Not
Collected. Demands of Huntlngton Now'
Amounting to $500,000 Repudiated by Citi
zens," and fitating that an effort was be
ing made by one D. P. Johnson to col
lect JlOO.Ono worth of railroad bonds issued
thirty-two years ago is a pure fake or
was a deliberate falsehood calculated to
bring into disrepute the financial stand-
Ing and reputation of a community that
has paid nearly every dollar of its out
standing bonded Indebtedness.
The "yellow" Journal then goes on to
tell the old, old story of how the bonds
were repudiated by the citizens. The
truth of the whole matter Is this: Several
months ago when this city made a satis
factory settlement with Drury Melone
and the other bondholders and the bonds
were turned over to the committee, there
wan one bond of $1000 missing and the
holder of It could not be found. Satur
day a suit was brought in the Superior
Court of San Francisco by B. P. John
son to enforce the payment of one of
the $1000 bonds issued by this city in 1864
in aid of the building of the Sacramento
and PlacervJUe Railroad, plaintiff asking
for interest at the rate of 10 per cent per
annum from 1864.
Notification of this suit received - here
Saturday afternoon was the first Intima
tion had by the committee as to the
whereabouts of the missing bond. •
Probing Laurada Disaster.
SEATTLE. March ,12.— At the official in
quiry into the loss . of- the, steamship,
Lauratia. begun at the request of., the*
Marine Underwriters, who refused to pay
insurance on the vessel/ In this city to
day. Captain Frank M. White, master of
the vessel; Thomas Short, chief engineer,
and others of the crew were on the
stand. .The burden of their testimony was
that the Laurada while en '. route from
Dutch Harbor to Cape Nome sprung a
leak and that Captain White, in order to
save the liven of the passengers and cargo
and the vessel itself, made for the near
est land and beached his sinking ship.
COUNTERFEITERS' MINT
FOUND IN A CANYON
William Ball Arrested as One of the
\ Members of the McHaney
Gang.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 12.— United
States Marshals Browne and : McCulloch
went to the camp of. McHaney, the coun
terfeiter, located ten miles from Banning,
in a canyon, this morning, and brought in
William Ball, a young man about 20 years
of age, a nephew of McHaney, but did
not arrest William McHaney, his brother,
awaiting more evidence of complicity.
The posse found three melting pots and
some base coin unplated, two flies used
on yellow metal and some babbitt metal
In the camp, but no dies or plating outfit.
They evidently had warning of the com
ing of the officers. This afternoon the
officers took James McHaney, Manuel
Diaz and young Ball to Los Angeles.
It is reported that Strother Ball, the
father of young Ball, has an electro-plat
ing outfit, but he has not been brought
in. He is a freighter to the desert and
could have no use for it except counter
felting.
CONGRESS WILL NOT
PASS FRENCH TREATY
Secretary Hay Obtains From France
Consent to a Delay of Final .
Action.
Special Dispatch to The Call. . •
WASHINGTON, March 12.— An arrange
ment has been effected with France for
extending the time for exchanging ratifi
cations of the pending French treaty until
March 4. 1901. No final action on that in
strument durine the present session need
be expected. Learning of this extension
cf time Senator Davis did not press the
treaty for consideration to-day.
THREATENED HIS WIFE.
Italian Laborer Enraged Because His
% Dinner Was Not Beady. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
SAN RAFAEL, March 12— M. Morelli.
a half-witted Italian laborer, started out
to create a reign of terror in his home
on Bay View street this morning and as
a result to-night Is lodged in the 'Jail
here.
. Morelli went to work this. morning, but
returned in a short time. Because his
dinner was not ready he seized his wife
by the hair and threatened her life.
When she 'managed to extricate -herself
from his clutches- Morelli threatened to
fire the house. Mrs. Morelli ran down
town and returned with Constable" Ag
new. When the - half-crazed man saw
the officer he became violent and an ex
hibition of a revolver was needed before
he would submit to arrest. Morelli will
be examined by the Lunacy Commis
sioners. - _^ .j*
Hig Leg Broken.
REDDING, March 12— M. M. Hlgglns.
a young man who was beating his way on
a freight train, met with a peculiar, acci
dent near Cottonwood Sunday. ¦ The train
was Just pulling out of ' Cottonwood ' and
Hißglns was on a brake beam. A brake
man discovered him and struck at him
with his lantern. In crossing hurriedly
to the other side of the brake beam he let
his right leg hit the ground. As a result
his ankle was dislocated . and both bones
were broken between the ankle and knee.
The poor fellow retained his hold,", how
ever, until the next stopping place, which
was but ' a ( short distance. ••• He- was I then
taken out and brought to the County Hos
pital here- . ..- •: ¦: ,-•:,. ¦-:-., •
Election at Salinas.
SALINAS. March 12.— 1n the /city, elec
tion here to-day Thomas, . Ucnlson was
chosen Mayor by 101 majority: John >W.
Rowling. Tax Collector; W. H. Clark,
Fred Peterson 'dtfid. A. F. , Tynan., -were
elected. Councnmen.*' The^contest^ was" not
a spirited on<\ ' -• \'. : '
FAMILY POISONED
BY BOLOGNA SAUSAGES
Youngest Succumbs, but There 13
a Fair Chance That the Others
"Will Recover.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
OMAHA. Neb.. March 12.— A special tel
egram (rora Arcadia, Neb., gives the de
tails of the poisoning of an entire family
named Madden, living not far from that
village.
Gustav Madden, with his wife and thre«
children, recently rented a farm between
Arcadia and Comstock and began work.
They live In a small hovel in an out-of
the-way place off the main road. Sunday
they had made a meal of bologna sausage
and bread and almost immediately there
after every member of the family was
prostrated and writhing on the floor of
the squalid home. Not one could call fur
help, and they were not discovered until
twenty-four hours later, when a neigh
bor going In found the three-year-old
girl dead and the rest of the family un
conscious on the floor.
Each bore evidence of having suffered
untold agony. The alarm was spread and
soon the neighbors came and rendered
every possible service. A doctor admin
istered restoratives, and while the condi
tion of the sick la very critical there is a
possibility of recovery. The neighbors
took charge of the funeral of the babe,
which will be buried to-morrow.
Cut an Indian.
REDDING, March 12.— A cutting affray
disturbed the Sunday serenity of Copper
City, located twenty-two miles northeast
of here. It may result fatally. The cut
ting was tne result of a saloon quarrel.
Frank Walker, a white man employed as
blacksmith, slashed Patrick Silverthorn.
an Indian, several times about the face
and - head, making some ugly wounds.
The Indian is a notoriously bad charac
ter, while Walker haa borne a good repu
tation.
Goldsworthy Sentenced.
STOCKTON, March 12.— W. J. Golds
worthy, the Stockton merchant convicted
of burglary In entering a building for the
purpose of committing arson, was sen
tenced by Judge Budd this morning to
fourteen years at Folsom Prison. Motions
for arrest of Judgment and for a new trial
were denied. Notice of appeal was given.
The case attracted a great deal of atten
tion here, as the defendant was prominent
In business and politics and was well con
nected.
Thrown From His Horse.
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
SAN RAFAEL, March 12.— James Tay
lor Jr., the young son of James Taylor,
the well-known paper merchant, was
injured by being thrown from his
horse at San Anselmo to-day. The animal
was a fiery one and becoming frightened
at a passing train shied violently. Younsr
Taylor received a compound fracture of
the arm as a result of his falL ... •.:. ¦•¦,-'.-
AMERICANS
HARASSED BY
INSURGENTS
Tagalos Attack a Force of
Regulars and Wound
Six Men.
MANILA, March 12.— Advices from
Aparri, province of Cagayan, say that
while Major Ward and a company of the
Sixteenth Regiment were leaving that
place they were attacked at the landing
on the river bank opposite the town. A
persistent fight followed, resulting In eight
Americans, including Ward, being wound
ed. The natives in Cagayan Valley pre-
BUmably instigated the attack. The dis
patch adds that the Tagalos are harass-
Ing the Americans. «
WASHINGTON, March 12.— General
Otis transmits the following latest list of
casualties in the . Philippines, naming
eight killed and nineteen wounded:
MANILA, March 12.— Casualties: Killed—
Luzon, Sixteenth Regiment, United States In
fantry. February 2S, Calamaniugan, Company
C. Patrick W. Enright, corporal; March I,
Llnao. Company B, Fred Daniel; Thirtieth
Regiment United States Volunteer Infantry,
January 15. LI pa. Company I. David G. Gold
man; Forty-fifth Regiment United States Vol
unteer Infantry: February 20. Calabanga, Com
pany G. Wilson Bellis; Forty-seventh United
States Volunteer Infantry. February 21. Don
fol. Company A, John K. Morrison, musi
cian; Panay, Twenty-sixth Regiment United
States Volunteer Infantry, February 23. Hollo,
Company F, William Daugan, Dennis L.
Hayes. Michael Tracy.
Wounded—Luzon. March 6, Penaranda, Act
ing Assistant Surgeon Walter C. Chlde«ter,
wounded in back, serious; Thirtieth Regiment
United States Volunteer Infantry, January 8,
Blnan, Anthony Westrate, scalp, slight; Com
pany F, January 19. San Pablo, Company D,
Ernest F. TreDto, corporal, cheek, moderate;
Jacob Lucas, lung, severe: January 23. Tabay
as. Company 1). Lieutenant Guy A. Boyle, leg.
moderate: Charles A. Hack worth, wounded In
arm. moderate;.-- February 4, Samoaloo. Com
pany F, James L Jones, abdomen, severe:
Company H. Fred H. Cliff, wounded In thigh,
moderate; Thirty-sixth Regiment United States
Volunteer Infantry. March 6, .Dasol. Company
A, First Lieutenant Frank T. McNarney.
wounded In thigh, slight; Thirty-seventh Regi
ment United States Volunteer Infantry, March
7. Santa Crux Company L, Davis P. Kennedy,
hip. slight; Fortieth Regiment United State*
Volunteer Infantry. February 20, Llbman.
First Lieutenant Adjutant John D. Galleher.
abdomen, severe: Company A, Albert A. Wld
dtnlk, corporal, wounded In chest, slight: John
F. Landlnge. corporal, tide, slight; Company
B. Alois C. Syck. corporal, wounded In head,
serious; Robert B. Stewart, finger, slight:
Company C, Earl R. Hutchinson. sergeant,
wounded in the thigh, serious: William E.
Dlgga. wounded In thigh, slight; Edgar H.
Garrett. wounded shoulder, slight: G. M. In
gersoll. breast, slight.
INSURGENTS SURROUND
AN AMERICAN FORCE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 12.— The Sun has
the following from Manila, dated March
13. 8:30 a. m. : A merchant steamer which
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 1900.
NO AGREEMENT
ON THE PORTO
RICAN TARIFF
Stormy Conference Held by
Republicans of the
Senate.
Foraker Threatens to Introduce a
'Measure Giving the Island
the Status of a Ter-
— -• — -
WASHINGTON, March 12.— The Senate
chamber and adjoining committee rooms
to-day were the scene of a conflict of
opinion which found no place in the Con
gressional Record, j The basis of the disa
greement was Senator Foraker's bill pro
viding a form of government for Porto
Rico, and only Republican Senators par
ticipated in it. The controversy grew out
of the efforts to have the bill amended.
There are some Senators who hold that
legislation for Porto Rico, for the present
at least, should be confined to providing
for the immediate needs of the inhab
itants of Porto Rico,' and should not in
clude efforts to establish a form of gov
ernment. These Senators generally be
lieve that Porto . Rico should receive no
favors in the way of tariff reduction, and
are content to allow the present tarttf
rates to' continue until, as they put it,
there is more time and the Senate is bet
ter prepared for the dispassionate consid
eration of the question. Their idea is to
leave the island in the hands of the "V\ar
Department.
Senator Foraker, as .chairman of tha
Porto Rican committee, met the proposi
tion of inactivity with a declaration that
if it were persisted in he would not only
drop ihe bill now before the Senate en
tirely, but would introduce as a substi
tute for it a measure providing for the or
ganization of the island as a Territory,
giving it all the officers and all the'privi
leges and immunities of such Territories
as Oklahoma, New Mexico and Arizona—
not only making the Porto Rlcaa people
full-fledged citizens of the United State*,
but establishing complete free trade be
tween them and the United States proper.
His further purpose, as he outlined it,
was to introduce It as an amendment to
the bill passed by the House and now
pending in the Senate, appropriating the
revenue collected from the island for the
use of .the people.
Foraker Agrees to a Delay.
When the purpose of Foraker became
generally known among the Republican
leaders the Ohio Senator was immediately
besieged by Republicans. While several
of them supported his proposition as a
wise one, many others contended against
it as calculated to commit the country to
a course which might be more easily re
pented of than remedied. They held that
it would be easier in the future to chants
from a present policy of imposing a tariff
to free trade than it would be to change
from free trade to tariff. Fear was felt
by the advocates of a tariff that such an
amendment could be passed with the as
sistance of the Democratic free-traders.
Foraker himself is wedded to the bill un
der consideration, and on account of this
predilection he decided after conferring
with almost every one of the Republicans
to allow matters to drift for a few days.
After the Senate adjourned a number of
Senators held an informal conference in
Senator Allison's rooms, but they de
clared with one accord that no definite
conclusion had been reached as to a line
of policy to be pursued with reference to
Porto Rico.
When word reached the House as to the
possible course of the Senate It caused
much speculation. Dalzoll, Russell, Taw
ney and others of the Ways and Means
Committee said the reported plans in the
Senate were not the result of any confer
ence or consultation with members of the
House; and considerable- doubt was ex
pressed aft to whether the Senate would
make such radical changes as those sug
gested. ¦••.:'.- •»« ¦-.
Notwithstanding these statements. It
appears that while members of the House
have not been consulted as to any.com
promise, some of them have been ad
vised of the various plans under consider
ation.
Compromise Proposition.
Representative Moody of Massachu
setts, who took an active part in the
House debate, said the proposition up to
yesterday was to combine the House bill,
the 12,000,000 appropriation measure and a
Territorial bill, doing away with the du
ties on goods entering Porto Rico and re
taining the 15 per cent rate on goods en
tering the United States from Porto Rico.
He expressed surprise and some doubt as
to the Senate's abandoning tha tariff
features entirely, although he said there
was no doubt such a change, if made by
the Senate, would be accepted by the
House. Cooper, chairman of the Insular
Committee, and Crumpacker of Indiana
concurred with Moody that the changed
temper of the House would lead to the ac
ceptance of a free trade amendment If the
Senate made it.
Cooper, Crumpacker and Moody were
engaged throughout the day in perfecting
the bill for a Territorial form of govern
ment for Porto Rico, whjch Is to be sub
mitted to the Insular Committee in a few
days. ¦ '
COMMANDANT PRETORIUS, Lately Sent Home by Lord
Roberts.
This able and gallant Boer leader was wounded and captured at the battle
of Elandslaagte October 21. The nature of his wound necessitated the am
putation of his left leg half way between the knee and hip. Lord Roberts
assented to his exchange for Colonel Eagar, and though the latter officer died
before the business was consummated the Boer general was sent on through
the lines at Modder River to his family and friends, a kindly and generous
act on the part of the British general.
IHi BBSS ' j^B B™ HH
¦¦ The Spring Hawes. ¦¦
¦ . This is the latest Hawes— a spring block. It I
¦ is just as shapely, as well formed, as stylish, as ¦
I good as the usual #^.oohat The only difference m
¦ between the $£.00 hat and the Hawes is the m
I price. The Hawes sells for H
Hh "^k I 111 Hb
I -• Same price all over this continent. We are *B
H thU sole San Francisco agents. . Nj
¦ -The Hawes hats. are made in all the latest I
¦ shapes and popular colors; two styles— soft and ¦
¦ The Hawes Fedora is a winner. S
I Out-of-town orders filled — write for illustrated catalogue Mo. 2. aH
HJ B^^ Iml '^MH^l'l^u l^^l I^^Bi I V'vl r*
HJ ti^B K^lT 'w^vJfil^fll H^^l 9i^HK7 B^JI Bh^l SI
I 718 Market Street. H
M^ ¦ * ¦
Our Nation's Wealth.
Gold and silver 'are poured 'abundantly into
the lap of the nation.- but our material wealth
and strength- is rather In Iron, the most useful
of all metals, Just as the, wealth of a human
being lies' In,; a useful stomach. If. you have
overworked ; yours ¦ until -:-' It T Is - dlsable-1/ ".' try
Hostetter"s Stomach .Bitters. ' It . will relieve
the : clogged bowels."- improve the . appetite and
Cure constipation, . dyspepsia, biliousness, liver
and kidney disease. - ¦ <. ¦ •¦¦;' -'',--,; -
2
To this officer, appointed by Democratic Governor Beckham of Kentucky,
has been entrusted the duty of organizing the new State Guard, authorized
by the Goebelite Legislature. General Castleman has proceeded with the
work, and is rapidly enlisting a force equal in strength to the present
State militia, which obeys the orders of Republican ' Governor Taylor.
ADJUTANT-GENERAL JOHN B. CASTLEMAN.
has Just arrived here from ports on th'
southeastern coast of Luzon brough
hundreds of Chinese and native refuge*- s
She reports that the town of Gubat. tifty
two miles from Albay. was burnlri;
when she left and that an American of
fleer and sixteen men were surroundc
by insurgents.
The officer was unable to eive clear
ance papers to the steamer, but he sen
a request reinforcements should bt
at once forwarded to him. The captaii
of the steamer. Instead of proceeding t'
the nearest American garrison, hurried i
Manila with the request for help. Troop
will be dispatched to Gubat with all hast
possible.OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Increase of Receipts of the San Fran
cisco Postoffice.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. March 12.— The Postof
fice Department to-day gave out a state
ment of the gross receipts of the largest
postofflces for the month of February, as
compared with the same period last year.
The receipts of the following offices were:
V-j ; UOO. \ 1399.
San Francisco $84,300 $50,660
Los Angeles 20.644 16.900
Portland 14.924 14.063
The following postoffices will be discon
tinued on March 31: California— Gabllan,
i Monterey County, mail to Chualar. Wash
! ington— Bertha, Klttitas County, mall to
Cleelum. A postoffice has been established
at Webster, Lewis County Wash.,, with
Christian Jorgensen as Postmaster.
Pensions for Calif ornlans— lncrease-^
George W. Rlley, OrovlHe. $6 to i $12;
George H. Brinkman, Perris, $S to JH>;
Charles M. Gurney, Henleyville, $10 to $12;
Andrew. Pardee, Blue Lake, $30 to $su.
Oregon — Increase — Peter Hebert, Hazel
dell, $6 to $8. Original widows, etc.—Kath
arine J. Kelley. Portland. $12. -
Washington — Original —William Tefft.
Kelso, $6; A. H. Jewett, White Salmon. $6.-
Increase— George Vath,. Sprlngdale, $C to
$S. . ¦ ' - ¦ ¦ ¦ •. . .. ¦ '
The abstract of the condition of the na
tional banks of California, exclusive Tof
San Francisco, at the close of business on
February 13, as reported to ¦ the Comp
troller of the Currency, shows an average
reserve of 37.33 per cent, against 38.63 per
cent on December 2. Loans and discounts
decrease from $12,399,184 to $12,080,115; »gold
coin from $2,480,932 to $2,197,305, total specie
•from $2,878,990 to $2,540,005, and the lawful
money reserve from $2,955,301 to $2,650,178.
Individual deposits Increased from $18,020,
223 to $18,237.78". , -
Rev. Barton W. Perry, private secretary
to Congressman ¦ Metcalf , was to-day or
dered before .the board for examination
for chaplain of. the , United States army.
Perry Is a graduate of Hamilton College,
New York, and Auburn Theological Sem
inary. He was a delegate to the Pan-
H-esbyterlan Council at Glasgow, Scot
land, in 1596, and was formerly chaplain of
the California Legislature and editor of
the Occident at San Francisco. ,'-;\
CANADIANS FIGHT BACK.
May Stop American Vessels ' From
Carrying Goods Bound for
. = -¦: Dawson. " .
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., March 13.—
The recent order of the Treasury Depart
ment for; the collection of- duties on all
American goods arriving at Alaskan ports
in British vessels has created : commotion
among. Canadian transportation compa
nies, and they, have ¦ forwarded to Wash
ington vigorous protests. •
According to „ the latest advices fiorn
Victoria and Vancouver they threaten to
retaliate by bringing' pressure to ivb»ar
upon" the* Canadian.' Government . to j«>ro
hfbit American vessels carrying goods des
tined for Dawson and shipped through the
United States in bond. These companies
claim ? that* as .they are Canadian 'goeds
and destined for Canadian' ports American
vessels should have no right to carry them
a portion of the distance,. but they should
be carried Uo -Vancouver ¦; or ; .. Victoria by
British bottoms/thence north. • |
Transit Company Wins.
OAKLAND. March 12.— 1n the suit of
Hannah A. Barrett against the Oakland
Transit Company for $2,000 damages on
account of personal Injuries. Judge Hall
to-day gave judgment in favor of the de
fendant corporation. -.-- ":./¦
Warehouse at Elkhorn.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, March 12.— An enterprise
Is soon to be commenced at Elkhorn
which Indicates that Woodland merchants
are trying to encourage competition In the
transportation business. Klmball & Co.,
who own the steamer Fort Bragg, running
between Colusa and San I Francisco, will
soon commence the construction of a
warehouse at Elkhorn for the special ac
commodation of Woodland merchants.
New Precinct Boundaries.
OAKLAND. March 12.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day instructed the County
Surveyor to prepare new precinct boun
daries for the city of Oakland to conform
with the new ward boundaries as fixed
recently by the City Council. In several
Instances the old precinct boundaries lap
over the ward lines, and to-day's action
Is directed to obviate and straighten out
the precincts.
"TO SEEK FIRST
THE KINGDOM OF GOD"
Rev. Charles M. Sheldon Editing a
Kansas Newspaper "Just as Christ
Would Have Done."
In taking hold of the Topeka Capital and running it for a week as a
daily Christian newspaper the Rev. Charles M. Sheldon Is not making an ex
periment and not exploiting a new and original idea. For fifty-four years
Montreal. Canada, has had a daily newspaper with a circulation of nearly
a quarter of a million, conducted upon exactly the same lines as those laid
down by Dr. Sheldon- This Is the Montreal Witness, founded by John Dou
pall in ISIS. Although in none of the speeches and interviews accredited to
Dr. Sheldon has he mentioned the Montreal Witness, Dr. Sheldon has been
aware of the existence of such a paper for a long time.
Throughout the country Dr. Sheldon's idea has been accepted as original
from the time of the publication of his now famous book. "In His Steps." No
millionaire Christian coming forward to employ Dr. Sheldon to edit a paper.
»c availed himself of the courtesy of the opposition. The Topeka Capital de
cided to give Mr. Sheldon a full and unhampered chance to realize his Utopian
ideals. According to the terms of the agreement the entire plant is placed
absolutely at his disposal for one week, commencing March 13. The author
of "In His Steps" assumes entire editorial and business management.
The Capital turns over its presses, types, franchises and advertising con
tracts without reservation. It becomes simply a plant for the publication of
the paper. The experiment will be an unfettered one and in an open field.
And yet the so-called experiment, which Dr. Sheldon will m.ike, has been car
ried on not for one week, but for fifty-four years by one of the most respected
newspapers of Canada.
TOPEKA, Kans.. March 12.— "The
main purpose of the paper will be
to infiuence its readers to seek
first the kingdom of God."
The Rev. Charles M. Sheldon, who
to-day assumed editorial and business con
trol of the Daily Capital, which he will
retain one week, will make this announce
ment in his editorial leader, outlining his
policy to-morrow morning. The Capital,
during this time, will be a "newspaper."
the word "news" being defined by Mr.
Sheldon as anything in the way of cur
rent events that the public ought to
know for its moral and spiritual develop
ment. The paper will be absolutely non
partisan and partisan political news will
be given scant notice. All editorial and
Important local matter will be signed by
the writers. There will be no Sunday
paper, but instead a Saturday evening
paper suitable for Sunday reading.
"May God bless the use of this paper to
the glory of his kingdom on earth." says
Rev. Mr. Sheldon In concluding his
leader.
The first Item on the first page to-mor
row will be a prayer written by Bishop
John A. Vincent of the Methodist Episco
pal church. It Is as follows:
A tnot-nlng prayer and resolution: "I will try
this day to live a simple, sincere, serene life;
repelling every thought of discontent, self
tetklr.g and anxiety, cultivating magnanimity.
e«L-!f-cor.trol and the habit of silence; practic
ing economy, cheerfulness aj-.d helpfulness.
"Ar.d as I cannot in my own strength do this,
or even with a hope of success attempt it, I
look to thee. O Lord, my Father, in Jesus
Christ, my Savlcr. and ask for the gift of the
Koly Spirit."
Editor Sheldon went to the office at S:3O
o'clock th:s morning and will be on .iuiy
until the paper goes to presa at 3 o'clock
to-morrow morning. At 10 o'clock he had
a conference with the correspondents fo:
Eastern papers, and promised to meet
them each evening at 7:3u o'clock and glvw
out certain information concerning his
work. At 11 o'clock he met the local force
of the paper and gave cut the assignments
for the day.
A page will be devoted to local ne*s,
ana the leading features for to-morrcw
will be reports of a temperance revival
and an anti-cigarette meeting. Mr. Shel
don instructed the police reporter that in
case of a murder or other crime he was To
write a bare statement of the facts. It h<?
had the spac* to spare, instead of follow
ing it up with the usual details he would
go into ... discussion of the causes leading
up to the crime.
During the conference the sporting ed
itor remarked that there would be a bowl
ing contest at the Young Men's Chrisran
Association rooms to-night.
•"I rtHnk." said Mr. Sheldon, "that that
Is good, clean sport. You may print it."
The dramatic editor asked for instruc
tions about theaters.
"We shall not want anything of that
kind." Mr. Sheldon said.
One page has been reserved for tele
graphic news, which ordinarily fills about
three times that space. The Associated
Press report is necessarily being "blue
penciled" with a vengeance.
The market reports will be cut from
four columns to one. AH quotations en
stocks and bonds, grain options and other
matter involving transactions in futures
have been consigned to the wastebasker.
and only the actual cash prices of grain,
produce, etc.. will be quoted.
A notable feature of the paper will be
the method of handling advertisements. ]
They will be banished from the news and
editorial pages and will be bunched in
places reserved for them. The censorship
here is even more rigorous than in the
news columns, and a large quantity of thi3
claes of matter has already been cut out.
Including all relating to patent medicines.
The familiar corset advertisements of She
magazines, accompanied by cuts, heve
Fought In vain for space. Xo retail adver-
tisements from Kansas City or other out
of-town tradesmen will be accepted, Mr.
Sheldon holding that this would be an In
justice to home merchants. The $20 suit of
clothes for $14 73 style of advertising is
also barred.
The Capital will appear with a radical
change in style and make-up. Practically
the only feature that will be familiar to
its regular readers will be the title head
line The first page, for Instance, or
dinarily devoted exclusively to telegraphic
news, will not have a line of the current
news of the day. Instead the page will
be given up to discussions of what Mr.
Sheldon considers the most important
questions now before the world. There
will be four leading articles on this psge.
the first being devoted to the famine in
India, under these headlines and the fol
lowing introduction:
Starving India. Fifty million people affected
by the famine. Conditions growing worse in
stead of better. The urgent need of aid from
Christian America.
.The Capital knows of no more Important mat
ter of news the world over this morning than
the pitiable condition of famine-stricken India.
We Five the latest available Information of, the
progress of the story in the following article:
Here follow statements from the Rev.
J. E. Abbott of the Bombay Jblission and
Lord Curzbn. Viceroy of India.
'^Militarism" is discussed to the, extent
of about 1200 words, the leading article
under this head being extracts from a
pamphlet on militarism by a Baltimore
physician. Dr. Richard H. Thomas, who
treats the war eagle as a "disease epi
demic in all latitudes." He discusses Its
causes, dangers and cure and urges the
religion of Christ as the only remedy.
The third page story Is a column, and
a half symposium on the Kansas pro
hibitory law and is made up of brief
statements from leading politicians and
educators of the State, all maintaining
that the law has proved a great success.
The fourth and last- important article
is in the form of a letter to Editor Shel
don from the Y. M. C. A. of Colorado ap
pealing to the Christian people of the
country- to establish a home for consump
tives at Denver.
The editorial matter will be switched
from the fourth to the second page. Fol
lowing the title and the usual business
announcements will appear a list of the
employes of the paper from editor down
to galley boy, which will be kept stand-
Ing throughout the week.
The leading editorial will be an out
line of the paper's policy during the week
and Is In part as follows:
The Topeka Caoital this week:
Last December the owners of the Topeka
Daily Capital staked me to assume entire charge
of the paper for one week and edit it as a dis
tinctively Christian daily.
I accepted the Invitation on condition that 1
receive no financial compensation and that a
share of the profits be used for some benevo
lent work and named the week beginning Tues
day. March 13, 1300, as the week for the ex
periment.
With the hearty co-operation of every person
connected with the paper and with the help of
the wisdom that I have prayed might be given
rr.e from Him who le wiser than any of us, I
shall do the best I can.
If a thousand different Christian men who
wished to edit Christian dailies should make
an honest attempt to da so the result might be
a thousand different papers In very many par
ticulars. In other words these Christian ed
itors might arrive at different conclusions In
the interpretation of what is Christian. It is,
cf course, the furthest from my purpose to at
tpmpt to show in a dogmatic way what Is the
one thing that Jesus would do in every case.
The only thing I or any other Christian man
can do in the interpretation of what is Chris
tian in tie conduct of this paper is to define the
term ••Christian" the best that can be done
after asking for divine wisdom and not Judge
others who might with equal desire and sin
cerity Interpret the probable action of Jesus
In a different manner. * .-. '
With this understanding of the conduct of
the paper this week I will state in part its gen
eral purpose and politics.
It will be a "newspaper." The word "news"
will be defined as anything in the way of dally
events that the public ought to know for its
development and power in a life of righteous
ness. .
Of necessity the editor of this paper or of
every other paper with thla definition of ."news"
will determine not only the kind but the qual
ity of any particular event which ought to be
printed.
The Importance of one kind cf news compared
with another kind will also determine the place
in the paper In which matter will be printed.
If It sterna to the editor that certain subjects
representing great causes that belong, to the
profoundest principle of human life are | the
most important they will be given the first
page of the paper, whether they are telegraphic
items or not. It might easily become the set
tled policy of a prominent paper similar to this
one to consider the detailed account of an un
usual battle as of less Importance to the reader
than an account of the usual daily destruction
being caused by liquor. The first page of the
Capital this week will contain what seem., to
the editor to be the most essential iesues that
affect humanity a« a whole. , '
The paper will be non-partisan not only : In
municipal and State politics, but also in "na
tional politics.
I do rot mean to say that a Christian dally
cannot be partisan. This is eimply my Inter
pretation of Christian aa applied to this part
of the paper's life. ; ;.-.;•>-¦
On the liquor question the paper will ad
%-ocate the prohibition of the whole liquor busi
ness from Maine to California and all around
the globe. By prohibition I mean the - total
extinction of the curse of making, selling, buy
ing and drinking intoxicating liquor?: its ex
tinction, by legal enactment, by personal • total
abstinence and by every form of State,' home,
church and echool education that Christians
can devise. *''.-'* ..' '
The great social questions of the age will
be given prominence. The eelSshnes* of man
kind In every form of jcreed. commercially or
politically, will be considered as of more seri
ous consequence, to us as a people than any
other "matter* which too often engage the time
and attention of mankind.
The paper will declare lt» abhorrence of war
as It U being: wa*ed to-day : not only In
Africa, but In the Philippines and everywhere
else.
¦On mettcr. of "finance" or "•tariff" or
pansion." matters - of public ¦ concern which
have to do -with measure, of this character,*
the editor ha« personal opinions which may or
may not be voiced in this paper. ' If he gives
expression to them It will be In no dogmatic
cr positive manner, : a. , If he knew what . the
whole » Christian .t ruth "< we. , concerning .' them.
In regard to many of these questions I don't
ADVEETISEMEKTa.
PAIN IN
THE BUCK
One of the First Indications of
Kidney Disease.
HUNDREDS OF MEN AND WOMEN HJVE
BEEN SAVED BY THAT GREATEST OF
ALL REMEDIES. "HUDYAN.-
MANY PERSONS ARE VICTIMS TO KlD-
ney Clr**.*<! tar months before they rralize It.
fympiomj may be present that are merely
fcnno>in« at nrst— symptoms that do not create
creat amount of *ufferir.it— and one la apt to
tja.y but little attention to them until the 4it-
«-a*e la far advanced. Right here Is where peo-
ple make a preat. irreat error. Organic lesions
do not cure themselves, and when destructive
proc»-*P h&s once f*t In It progresses until serl-
trtis rwiults take pace
If p^-Me would pay more attention to the
premonitory fymptnms. and provide themselves
with treatment then, there would be but few
fatalities from organic kidney disease. There
It. a remedy that never falls in such disorders,
and that remedy 1« HCDTAN.
lIL'DVAN artwts the destructive process. It
r.rvvents the kidney ctrueture from breaking
down and wastine away cell by cell. HLD-
VAN promptly relieves pain In the back: It
oirecu inability to hold urtne and the *cald-
ing u;*n i*Min* U. HCDJAN correct, any
Irritation of ihe kidney, or bladder. HV DVA N
ha* cured many severe cases of Diabetes and
JirtKhfß Disease; It will do so again. HLD-
YAN strengthens the kidneys If they are weak.
If your H'in'-ys are affected you surely want
the £Tr£»edy obtainable. HCDTAX I. that
remedy for HfDTAS has cured when all other
remedies have failed. HUDYAN has estab-
lished the confidence and praise of a mu.tl-
tu*e of people, for It has restored health to
« multitude of people. .
HTDYAN Is for sale by druggists— soc a
package or six packages for J2 M.
If your drugpift does not keep HIDTAN,
send direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stocktcn, Ellis and Market Sts.,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAJ^.
f rnNSULT t Consult • Fre« tha
j FREE. 1 Bnd>an Doctor.. Call
» ¦ +¦ or write to them.
Found Dead in Bed.
Thomas Flynn, a stock raiser from San
Luis Obispo County, was found dead in
bed yesterday in his room at 120 Fourth
street. He had been sick for years, and
death was probably caused by tuberculo
sis. He was unmarried, a native of Con
necticut and 54 years old.
Wedding Invitations, visiting card*.
Koh-f-noor pencils and Waterman foun-
tain pens are our great specialties in sta-
tionery department. Sanborn, Vail & O*.,
741 Market street. •
Daroux Moves to Yolo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, March 12.— A Washington
telephone message at 3 o'clock this after
noon conveyed the information that Frank
Daroux has moved all his poolroom par
aphernalia from Sacramento to Washing
ton with the intention of testing the Yolo
County anti-poolroom ordinance.
Water for Irrigation.
VISALIA, March 12.— Negotiations were
consummated to-day with the Electric
Power Company to raise water 500 feet
to irrigate a large plateau near Exeter,
Tulare County. Thla Is believed to be
the greatest height water was ever raised
on the Pacific Coast for irrigation pur
poses.
Funeral of D. C. Halsey.
SAN JOSE, March 12.— The remains of
the late D. C. Halsey, proprietor of the
St. James Hotel, were takeriuto Sacra
mento at 9:20 to-day for interment. . A
large delegation of Knights Templar and
Elks from this. city and Woodland fol
lowed the casket to the train. Services
were held at Sacramento.
Jeffords Wins a Mill.
BUFFALO, N. T.. March 12.-Jlm Jef
fords of California was given the deci
sion over "Walter Johnson (colored) of
Philadelphia in a twenty-round go at the
Hawthorne Annex to-night. The men
met at catch weights. Jeffords looming
far above his opponent and -being appar
ently twenty pounds the heavier. .The
bout was rather tame.
Crosstown Car Service Wanted.
Residents of the Mission district be
tween New Potrero and Noe Valley ar«
desirous of having a crosstown car ser
vice. To this end a petition has been
sent to the board of directors of the Mar
ket-street Railway for a service between
Rhode Island street and Twin Peaks via
Twenty-fourth to Howard, thence to
Chattanooga and Twenty-fourth to tha
end of the Twenty-second street exten
sion. The tracks along the entire line are
already laid.
has so informed Sir Thomas. Fife and
Sir Thomas have talked the matter of
alterations over, though during that chat
Sir Thomas was disinclined to make the
changes suggested by- Fife. Still he was
not steadfast in his opposition.
"Captain Hogarth thinks the alterations
will surely help the Shamrock, and so
does Captain "Bob" Wringe. The alter
ations will not cost much over 125,000, ac
cording to estimates. Fife believes that
the Shamrock' will be improved enough
to make up for a little more margin that
now exists between the Columbia and the
Shamrock."
know the Christian answer to them. In re
gard to others my study, of them has not re
sulted In convictions that are strong enough
to print. I don't wish to declare through this
paper concerning certain political measures
which are not clear In my own mind.
The main purpose of the paper will be to
Influence its readers to seek first the kingdom
Of God. A nation seeking the kingdom of
God firßt of all will In time find right answers
to all disputed questions and become a power
ful and useful nation.
Kditortal and other articles written by re
porters will, be signed by the writers. The
exceptions will be small items and such local
and telegraphic news as In its nature does not
require signature* There will be no Sunday
paper, but Instead a Saturday evening edition
suitable for Sunday reading.
I wish to take this opportunity to thank the
many friends everywhere who have sent me
words of encouragement. It has been impos
sible for me to answer them personally. I
also wish to express to the host of Christian
correspondents who have sent me assurances
of their prayer* for this week's work my deep
acknowledgment of the source of whatever
strength I have felt in preparing for a task
which lies beyond' the reach of any merely
human effort.
May God bless the use of this paper to the
glory of his kingdom and earth. *.
CHARLES M. SHELDON.
In the first batch of copy submitted to
Mr. Sheldon to-night by the telegraph
editor was the Associated Press account
of the army estimates submitted to the
British Parliament by the Government. In
a short time it came back with an edi
torial comment to the effect/ that . such
news v:as a terrible commentary upon
our Christian civilization. It is Mr. Shel
don's policy to follow important news
stories with editorial matter.. Besides this
comment on the news from London there
will be a cartoon on the editorial page de
picting the horrors of war.
At 11 p. m. it seemed probable that the
war news would be the feature of the tel
egraph page, the rumors of early peace
being considered by Mr. Sheldon as the
best possible news that can be obtained. .
LIPTON AGAIN
TO CHALLENGE
FOR THE CUP
Sir Thomas Announces Em-
phalically That He Will
Race in 1901.
Planning Certain Alterations j Upon
the Shamrock He Believes Will
Increase the Speed of .
That Yacht.
¦ Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, March 12.— The Herald of this
city has the following from its ¦ Glasgow
correspondent:
"You can state It on the official author
ity of Sir Thomas Lipton, who has just
returned from France and the Mediterra
nean, that he will" challenge for the Amer- :
lea's cup In 1901. and there can be no
doubt of it. He favored me with an ex
clusive interview. yesterday and we went
all over the situation. *
"Sir Thomas has given attention to the
suggestion that if the sail plan and fore
body of the Shamrock were changed she
would be a better boat. At first Mr. Fife
strongly opposed any change in the Sham
rock. For two months past, however, he
has worked on the Shamrock's body and
sail plans and has come to tha conclusion
that the attempt is worth' making, and
The Rev. C. M. Sheldon finds the same trouble in the daily paper as he does in daily living,
TO AVIT, HOW CAN WE GET RID OF THE DEVIL?
—Minneapolis Tribune.
FOUND RICH
GOLD FIELDS
IN SIBERIA
Prospectors" Say Nuggets
May : Be Picked Right
Out of the Earth.
Henry Crowley Says That Good Finds
" Have Also Been Made Within
- ' Two Hundred Miles of
Nome.
>
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. March 12.— Henry Crowley.
formerly " connected with the Klondike
Nugget, has reached Skaguay. He says
that eight days after the Knoblesdorff-
Campbell party arrived at Dawson from
Cape Nome two other miners came in
with news of a fabulously rich discovery
that they had made within a hundred
miles of Nome. Crowley says:
"I formed a partnership with the men
and furnished - them with supplies, and
they started back to Discovery. I am
bound out with the purpose of obtaining
financial aid. The discovery made by my
partners is reported by them to be one of
the greatest ever made in the north. As
to just how rich their claims are I cannot
say, for I have no other evidence than
what they told me. However. I believe
them.
"My partners have also explored and
prospected of late in Siberia opposite the
Nome coast and have found fabulous gold
fields. They report to me that the coun
try they • were In was a low country,
somewhat resembling Skaguay and Just
now covered with thin ice. Gold, they
said, could be picked up right out of the
earth. The earth was literally filled with
precious- nuggets."
URGES EARLY DECISION
IN WELLS-FARGO CASE
Attorney General Ford Asks Suprems
Court to Advance It on the
Calendar. : J~*~£
Attorney General Tirey !•/ Ford has ap-
plied to the Supreme Court to have tha
case of the People vs. Wells, Fargo & Co.
advanced on the calendar so that tha
same may be argued and decided as sooa
as possible. This is the action in man
damus to compel the express company to
receive and forward all express matter
delivered to it upon which the express
charges have been paid or tendered with
out requiring the shipper to pay for tha
revenue war stamp to be attached to tho
receipt. Superior Judge Troutt decided
against the express company last Sep
tember and ordered it to attach the stamp
without cost to the shipper. The com
pany appealed to the Supreme Court, and
the briefs in the case on appeal are all in
en the matter at issue.
SAME : OLD PROBLEM.
THE S AN THS ANCISCO CALL, : TUESDAY,-, MARCH 13, 1900.
FOUET EEN LIVES LOST
IN A TENEMENT FIRE
Incendiary Sets His Torch to a Crowded
Building in the Italian Quarter
;. .of Newark, N. J.
* T EWARK.VN. J.. March 12.— Four-
Iy I ' tesn persons lost their, lives, two
I \| Persons were seriously Injured and
I >^l j many- others ¦ slightly" burned in' a
¦ ~"'i "/fire" in" this' city to-day. The fire
men, after, the: flames -had been subdued,
took thirteen bodies from the ruins, and
while j they - were "• thus • engaged another
victim of the fire died in the City Hospi
tal. One family was wiped out completely
and. of another ; only :tho' : father lives and
he is in the City Hospital, where it is be
lieved he will die. The list of dead fol
lows: . - -;, .* <¦ ¦ -' >¦*¦¦ ¦ -'. .'¦
ANTONIO - ROSSA. badly burned and
died in the hospital. : ¦ - .
MRS. GUSEUA.NO PALIMONA.
GUISEPPE BARTO.
MRS. NUNZIATO BARTO. his wife.
THERESO BARTO, daughter, seven
years. 1 : •¦ .. ¦ . . .. - a'\
ANTONIO PARNICINO. .
BASTIANO. his wife.
GUISEPPE PARNICINO. seven years
old. ..•.--• • .
NUZTELLO PARNICINO. one year.
ANGELO CASINO. ,
TONY CASINO, son of above, nine
years. ..-¦-¦--
DEVINTE CASINO." four years.
FRANK CASINO, two and a half years.
CARRINE CASINO, daughter, one year.
The building in which the fire broke out
was a veritaole firetrap. It was old. of
frame construction and extended two
stories above the ground floor. Until
three or four years ago the structure had
been used as a church, but it was con
verted Into a tenement. The lower floor,
fronting on 50. 52 and 54 Fourteenth ave
nue, was occupied by three stores, and
the upper portion was divided into twenty
living-rooms. As nearly as can be learned
the structure was occupied by ten fam-
lltes, all Italians. Two of the occupants,
Mto Credanza and one other family, kept
boarders, and though the totaX popula
tion of the rookery could not be definitely
ascertained during the excitement attend
ing the tire, there are said to have been
forty or fifty persona of both sexes and
all ages In the building when the fire
started. , «
The police are confident that the flr«
was of iDcendlary origin, and they have
arrested Vlto Oredanza on suspicion.
There mas a disorderly card game in on«
of the rooms that lasted until well Into
the morning. Credanza was a participant,
and la said to have made violent threats
against his fellow players. A few min
utes before 5 o'clock every one In tha
buildlrg was awakened by the flames.
They found them burning at the foot of
the stairs leading from the first to tha
second story. The hallway and stairs wera
burning, entirely cutting of? the egress
from the. upper floor, on which six fam
ilies lived. It also cut off the escape by
the doors for those who lived in the rear
part of the first floor. - Those who could
made for the windows. From these they
leaped or dropped.
The whole neighborhood was awakened
in an Instant, and from the burning build
ing came agonizing screams and calls for
help. ¦ From the basement and ground
floor, the Inmates of the building poured
naked or almost so. From the upper
stories men and women leaped to the side
walk. . By the time the firemen reached
the scene the building was wrapped in
flames, and those who had not escaped
were dead or doomed. They must ha.v«
died within a few minutes, for the flrv
rushed through every room in the frail
building within ten minutes.
The search for the dead began within
twenty minutes after the alarm sounded,
so quickly was the fire conquered.
tHI If H If Were you ever before given such privileges in made- %a j| | j | I { ||]ljl|J ||| I
Hi Bl 1! to-order ' clothes ? Could we do . more to express the lfj 1 1 11 11 111 1
X I 111! i ~ The suits and overcoats are made in eight styles— get Y**o| fljjfl | W fl||"*'^ I
111 I \wH fill lililfi We take particular care in filling out-of-town orders. Write us for samples of 1 A vuulwiFlnll I
Hrllt 111 mill liiUll these suits and overcoats- We will send a self-measuring blank that will insure you I Pi I
¦ml! hit/ lililiiiM of securing a good fit, although you cannot come in for measurement. Mention you I >!¦ I
WMjflw^ t T 18 Market and Cop. Powell and Eddy. \ lliSlH I
3HEROLD LOSES HIS SUIT.
His*'. Attempt to Becoyer Damages
'¦'¦ From L. H. Scharer Tails. v
.The action by which v Isaac- HeroW
Bought to. recover ; damages from ; I* . H.
Scharer; dealer in Jewelry, for maliciou.B
prosecution . and \ • false imprisonment,
never reached the ' Jury ,l for J"dge_ Hunt
yesterday ; ordered r & verdict for • the de
fendant entered and the case closed. ; Borne
time ago I Mr. Scharer caused ; the arrest
of . Herold -on a charge of '; misdemeanor
embezzlement.- Herold was \i convicted
before i\ Judge •Conlan :apd" se ntencedL to
six months', imprisonment.: but on appeal
toHhe Superior ; Court the ¦ pleading f of a
technicality ¦ resulted in c^ s& }°J $l. c
judgment: •' Herold forthwith -suedvMr.
Bctoarer • for damages. The .malicious
prosecution end : of the case. fell, before a
demurrer > interposed by .'¦ Attorney. **— J-:
Gesf ord ; -. and • the -? false i V. im Vs*?™?s!}]:
theory was- all >that stood. . Yesterday
when^the case was called for -hearing- Mr
Gesf ord testified that Herold. Instead, of
being imprisoned ..by Mr. J- Scharer,-, ga\ c
himself up ; to the authorities, and as the
conviction of Herold on the charge named
had proved- an ) absence of malice on the
part of: the ¦ -w'tneßfr-Mr.
Scharer-Judge Hunt i ordered that a,ver
dict be entered . in favor, of -the defendant
and that ha. recover his costs of action.
.*-¦¦ '•-• , .:- ?*¦,"'' « ? i. ;¦': :"'(: "'( ¦
|¥IGHT:; ls "" lTHFlll! !
*' >"0f >A tcr * l Ma«»l Witw/t
* n «ith medicinal, qaalltlss. o
o Ig^L for Indigestion and °
o ,4^S* Stomach Disorders, o
itmm 50 ™"** vichy l
S nfraafigS, in siphons .%
? p^^w^ G et tho Genulno *
¦ mmm i
o A. VIGNIEB. Distributing Asrent*
?©?o#o#o#o*o#o*o j-o»o*o s>o»o*
city— men of reputation in their profes
sion—who still doubt the authenticity of
the germs which reveled riotously in
side of the unhappy Chick. '
Confusion of Bacilli.
The autopsy . disclosed the presence of
several foul diseases, the bacilli of which,
If inoculated Into the bodies of. delicate
animals, such as the guinea pig, . would
oy their own virulent power produce
death. For this reason there is doubt that
the death causing germs belong to , real
plague order. : ,
At 12 o'clock . yesterday the Health
Board met to consider the situation and
adopt measures to prevent the possible
spread of the disease. Judge Murphy,
representing Consul Ho Vow, and Attor
ney Bennett of the Six Companies, were
present and they guaranteed every as
sistance possible from the Chinese. The
Board of Health called for the aid. of
outside physicians to go through . China
town, to examine, the sick, and report on
the cases. Very few responded, so the
physicians connected with the depart
ment will be forced, to conduct their in
spections fractically unaided. ¦ The tour
of • inspection was .ln progress yesterday,
many places being, discovered where filth
abounded and • these : were ordered ;to be
cleansed. . : This . work * will continue..
H.;lt "was decided by the board "to enforce
an- autopsy of Chinese dying of tonsllitis, 1
pneumonia, swollen glands,, typhoid fever,*
septicaemia and gastro entritls. ',:¦
The following proclamation was Issued
by Consul Ho Vow:" . -. ; .>vj-:
Officers of the Board of Health will call
at your house to look over the premises and
ace that they are clean. You must receive
them kindly, chow them, through y6u place
and give them all the information they ask.
If they tell you to clean up your place you
ADV33BTISEMENT3.
Health Board Meets and Adopts Measures to Cleanse
the lyiprigblian Quarter of Att Sorts
Supervisors Heed the Appeals of Decency and Go. on ReGord
as Opposed to the Reopening of the Grime-
Breeding Plague Spot.
MORALITY TRIUMPHS OVER
VULTURES OF INGLESIDE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TOESDi^,rMARCH 13, 1900.
f fIITE iSH STEiM COAI« ;JSSS^aSk-
DIAMOND COAL. MININO CO.. at Its OREB^
RIVER COLLIERIES. U the Best. Coal In Urn
maxket. - Olflc* and Tards— CO Mala *trt««.
Book for flen
Do you want to be strong, to feel the
fire of youthful vigor in your veins? Do
you want to overcome all the evil effects
of past mistakes- and make yourself as
strong as any man of your age can be?
Then send for my 80-page book, full of
truths for men. It tells how my. DR.
Mclaughlin electric belt,
the one that does not burn, puts new
fire in the veins of prematurely aged
meji. I send this book, closely sealed,
free, upon request. Inclose this ad. with
letter. ''..^ : I
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
TO2 Market St., cor. Kearny. 8. F.: Bor-
dick Block, cor. Spring and Second Sta,.
Los Anzelea.
School Fund and Water Bills.
The announced intention of the Board ol
Educationtq pay the water bills contract
ed by the department : out of ithe'eommon
tchool fund does not meat^wlth tha v sanc
tion of Auditor »Welis.lwho declares ; that
such : action > is | dearly Illegal j according to
the express provisions of, the charter. The
fact '• that i there ! is an f anticipated surplus
lntthe echooPfund amounting:. variously,
from $10,000 to |40,0Q0,' which ¦¦- must bejcar
•ried over intoUhe.fund of the next, fiscal
year.', has : led \, the city officials i who are
trying, to .wipe out the municipal deficit to
divert about 15000 out l , of i this surplus to
ward paying for the \water r used ln the
schools.: .'.;--¦» i*'- • *.'.•- >'-i,-- -'•*-. ;l,"; l," -
» Auditor i? Wells > asserts,*; however ,v that
there is a specific fund for water for mu
nicipal purposes, and out of this fund only
can the , water, bills b« paid. 1 *? The f Auditor
says that he '.will ; refuse : to : sign such de
mands if they are made out on the school
fund •.-.;¦ i ¦ * '• -;'.'; . • :
Order of the Temple.
;The conferring of the Order of the
Temple ¦in Golden Gate Command
ery in f ' the asylum on " Butter
street last night by the officers of
California Commandery was witnessed by
a great many Knights Templar. This
event was the source of a great deal of
A San Francisco Landmark
Is Wnkand's, where good . eating, good music
and good fellowship reign supreme. •
T\ 1 ¥ I /^r' Located on Market
rALALh " tr ** t - ln cioae
1 AlinVli proostmlty to busl-
iWn ness section, places
A I A V of amusement and
if 1J A MII 900 with baths at-
11 1\ ill 11/ tached.' Thtf-largest
and flnes.t hotels In
RATCI Cthe world. Amert-
1111 1 DLj 00 * 1 * and European
¦'.¦¦" mm l *'*' k/ plan. •>• .
New finishes \ln oak moldings for, pic-
ture' frames- and new pictures In a water
colors, platinotypes. Photographs and
etchinks- Visitors always -welcome. ,. San-
born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street., <r •'.-
F. . Sagar's crew will consist of Frank W.
Thompson. S. C. Delamater and H. W.
Westerfeld. F. E. Schober will sail on the
Aeolus and J. Short on the sloop Emma. .
The members of the California Yacht
Club have been quite busy on Sundays
lately constructing tha wharf from the
clubhouse out to deep water. ' The new
wharf is a strong piece of work and will
add greatly to the comfort of the yachts
men. Ex-Commodore A. M. Clay's sloop
Pactolus is lying at her anchorage and
will soon be In fine trim, i She has a fine
new suit of sails of -a special quality of
duck, the cloths being narrow. ,T. Carrier
is doing a good deal of work. in the cabin
of the Jessie E. R. L. Eames will Bcrape
and paint the sloop Surf, and has done a
considerable amount of work on her sails.
George Miller's sloop Occident will have a
lighter centerboard put in and is expected
to show greater speed. Commodore E. N.
Walter's flagship KmWa will have a state
room and a galley added, and the sloop
Kara. which has been lying on the beach
behind the clubhouse for a long, time, will
be recalked and put in commission. A.
McAulley has launched a new yacht
named Milton at the foot of- Webster
street. .
J.M. Mattoon. owner of the sloop Amlgo
of the Corinthian .Yacht Club, expects
soon to receive from Hongkong a yacht
named Doris. She was built in 1597 and in
1899 won the Commodore's cup of the
Hongkong Yacht Club. She has a bronze
fin and a lead bulb weighing 600 pounds.
Her over-all length is 2Z feet and her
length on the water linft 17 feet; beam 7
feet and "draught about 6 feet. There la
already on the bay a yacht named Doris,
owned by Arthur Page of tho Corinthian
Yacht Club.
tamed by Gray Brothers in' the form of a brick
making plant on States 'street; requesting the
Spring Valley Water Company to allow the 160
hydrants (removal of which ha» been ordered)
to remain In place without compensation there
for for the balance of the fiscal year, on con
dition that In the'next tax levy provision will
be made for their continuance; referring to the
City Attorney the petition of property owners
requesting a change of grade of the crossing
of North Point* and Webster streets.
" 'COMMUNICATIONS ..REFERRED.
The following recommendatione^made by the
Board of Public Works, were referred to. the
-A^cepla^'oVtheroadwaV of Pacific avenue
between Laguna and Bqchanan streets^ .P&w*
with bitumen and brick sewer laid therein; ac
ceptance of roadway- of Thirteenth street, be
vtween Valencia and Guerrero, paved with
bitumen and sewer laid -therein; roadway -of
Church street, - between ..Thirteenth and Four
teenth? bitumen; roadway of crossing of Four
teenth ( Church and . Market Greets bitumen,
pewers; roadway "of Pehon street, between Six
teenth - and Seventeenth, bitumen, sewers:
roadway of Army street, from San Jose avenue
to Valencia street, bitumen sewer: recommend
ing the •¦granting of the Petition .of. residents of
Holly Park for the construction by private.con
tract of asewer in Crescent and Andover ave
nues and extending therefrom to ' "d Into > Islals
O-eek. recommending that the City Street . Irn
between P and Q. Q I and i R and R and S
streets. .-¦.' ;:¦ ..- ,¦•.¦ ¦ --^ ¦
YACHTSMEN PREPARE
FOR THE OPENING DAY
Boats Are Being Bepaired and Crews
Made Up for theißapidly
' Approaching Season.
Commodore \W. N. McCarthy of San
Francisco Yacht Club has appointed
George D. Campbell, ex-Commodore I.
Gutfe and ex-Commodore George E, Bil
lings on the regatta committee, and has
named as delegates to the Pacific Inter
club Yacht Association George T. 8.
White. J. R. Savory and H. Gibbs.
The directors of .the Corinthian Yacht
Club at a recent meeting elected ex-Com
modore T. F. Tracy, ex-Commodore W. A.
Stringer and J. Mattoon Sr. ¦ delegates to
the Pacific Interclub Yacht' Association,
and .appointed the following on the jinks
committee: J. V. O'Brien, Vice Commo
dore E. F. Sagar, W. Dixie and W.
Crowell.
The Corinthians are busy preparing for
the raising of the drawbridge at Tlburon
on the 18th inst, several of the yachts that
.wereln shoal' water having been hauled
out ) into the channel. Commodore *H. D.
Hawks' sloop May is on the ways and will
be succeeded by westerfekl and Morrow's
sloop Aeoluß, which will be braced inside
and fitted with the centerboard which was
for some time in the Truant. Ex-Vice
Commodore W. H. , Toepke's sloop Har
poon has : been thoroughly renovated, a
new stern added and the "cabin refitted.
Her crew will consist of her owners, W.
H. .Toepke and J. H. Sharpe, with. Fred
Cook, F. Meyers, and H. Terrill. Buckley
and Kanzee's; schooner Outing 'will"tsuc
ceed the Harpoon , on the ways at Sausa
llto, and will have a larger, rudder fitted.
Her owners hope . to sell her to 'a party
fitting out^for Cape Nome. . W." S. Grover
will have on his yawl Arcturus during the
coming season jG. - Erlin.^ J. -T. Erlin. W.
Crlmand S. Crim. Secretary T. Iv Miller
has chartered -the yawl Spray to J.: C.
Brlckell and W. H.^ Crowell, and will sail
on 'the sloop Clara with F. E. Baker, ex-
Commodore 'A. J. Young and" ex-Commo
dore W. A. Stringer. Vice Commodore B. ;
celved by this honorable body from va
rious rvliglous sources of this city, repre
senting sixty or eighty churches of dif
ferent denominations. These churches
represent &O.UOO or 60,000 people. Their re
quest is entirely on moral grounds. They
feel that the closing of the Ingleside race
track one year ago was a blessing to this
city. • That • the year which has passed
since the closing of the track has Wit
nessed good results was manifest to -all.
It Is, therefore, for us to protest against
its reversal. I am personally in favor of
speeding animals if it has for its object
the development of horseflesh and the
consequent improvement of stock. Any
thing of that kind, It seems to us, might
be conducted In a way that would be of
great value to the State. We are not
protesting against the racetrack, but the
poolselling Itself." -¦.¦¦-:
Thrives on Proceeds of Crime.
Mayor Phelan then invited Rev. Dr.
Bell to address the board, and- he .• re
sponded- In part he said:
"If we" are to speak concerning the
propositions which have just been read
from the resolution offered by the chair
man of the Police Committee I am slight
ly puzzled as to its meaning. I do not
think it relates to the object of our com
ing before the board. If it be on the sub
ject of the advisability of reopening the
Ingleside racetrack with all that it means
to our city, we are here to protest against
that action, kindly, thoughtfully and
from a moral point of view. I can say,
as the preceding speaker has said, that
4f the element of betting and poolselling
could be prevented by proper legislation
we think that no special protest could be
made. But the proposition to reopen the
track g'eems to carry with it three or four
points which necessarily call for protest
on our part as ministers of the Gospel,
who represent people who believe that
such a move will affect the general, wel
fare of our city. It ie to.be assumed that
the track was to be opened for the pur
pose of making money. It may also be
assumed that' that purpose carries with it
the making of money on a gambling basis.
.That being true, we .would respectfully
and kindly and as citizens protest against
it being reopened. Under the new charter
this city Is making giant strides toward
reform, and we appeal to the members
of the board not to violate their promises
or the objects of the new charter by re
tracing the steps taken by their predeces
sors. We appeal to you as ministers and
we protest against any such action if It
Is contemplated." . •;
Racetrack a Dead Issue.
At the conclusion of Dr. Bell's remarks
the chairman called on Rev. John A. B.
Wilson of the Howard-street M. E.
Church, who delivered ia ' fervent 'and
forcible appeal to the board.
fit looks to me." he said, "as If we were
fighting a dead issue. I knew you would
not reopen Ingleside. I knew that - this
reform administration under the new
charter would, not undo the act of the last
board. I feel that we as ministers and
citizens need not say a word against it
it is a dead issue. I do not believe in
making a Sunday school of this city ,. Mr.'
Mayor; I don't think It can be done In the
next two years; but we can bring San
Francisco up to a standard it ,never be
fore occupied. I hope that the gentlemen
here will listen to our .prayers. and, will
have the courage to stand' by thin r.idi
nance. My study. has been crowded every
day, with broken-hearted mothers and
wives, who have begged me to save their
eons and husbands from ' the ¦ infatuation'
of ' gambling, which is wrecking their
homes. I have a list of over fifty unfor
tunates who are now serving long sen
tences in prison through this terrible, evil.
You are familiar with these terrible evils.
You ar? fathers of families, and 'or God's
sake remember that there are/people be
ing ruined every day by. gambling." -
Tobin Defends His Position.
- Rev. E. A. Woods then asked leave that
Dr. Nelander be allowed '. to.' , address
the board, and, this * being , grant
ed, the pastor of the First Eng
lish Lutheran Church called at
tention to a statement made by Chairman
Tobin tta' meetings of 'the > Police; Com
mittee when the racetrack, ordinance was
under discussion, which in effect was that
the men who built. the track- should be
considered; that they had great Interest
at stake, and, .having invested, their
money, should be given an opportunity to
realize on their Investment.". Dr. Nelan
der said that rather than permit ' these
men to live oft the money sucked from; the
men and/ women of - this '¦.•¦ city ,'. the » city,
ought to pay them twice and even 4 thrice
the amount-they Invested.-* -"/.;> ... .->!»•
Supervisor Tobin then took the floor and'
defended his position. He ¦ told' of his
stand in the matter and 'grave his reasons
for offering - such a resolution."* At . the
conclusion of his speech Supervisor Comte
moved that the ordinance.be passed to
print.— iThe- motion -having i been, put,> Su
pervisor Reed obtained the i floor : and i as
tonished his colleagues, by his utterances.
Supervisor Comte replied to the asser
tions of Reed and was loudly applauded
for the. position he took. When ha re-
WERE Dennis Kearney to come
to active n life again .with his
ever-sounding shout of "Chi
nese must go," he would employ
the plague argument. Accord
ing to ' Consul ' Ho . Tow over 1000 . of the
celestial residents have left this city for
adjacent towns, not for .the reason that
they fear the plague which is at present
a decidedly unknown quantity, but that
the quarantine ax Is hanging over their
heads.
After much painful waiting the recalci
trant guinea pigs and rats, Injected, with
a dose of glandular poison, obtained from
the sole victim of the Board of Health
plague germ, have seen .fit to end the
misery Inflicted upon them and satisfy
the longings of science and ardent public
physicians. They have played the martyr
act and with- a heroic finish cut loose
from the world of < sufferinsr their: car
casses reeking with questionable mlcrobic
life-. According : to . the . Health ! Board
nothing in the life of these subjects of
.science became them so well as the leav
ing it. The animals will; receive a-most
ceremonious incineration. ... „. : -*
8o far developments show but a single,
'sporadic case of p death resulting from
what the Health Board,. with the assist
ing intelligence" and investigations of Dr.
Klnyoun of the- Federal quarantine ser
vice, pronounce to be plague bacilli. It
Is now more than a' week since Chick
Gin gave up the ghost, and no • other
cases even of suspicious death have been
discovered. If the departed Chick went
the final way stricken with the dread
disease he was charitable enough to take
many of the virulent germs ; with him.
But there are many . physicians in thi3
must comply with their requests.
This Is done to prevent Chinatown from
being quarantined again and the street
¦ blocked with ropes. . The officers are trying
to prevent the plague from coming to
. Chinatown and we must help them.
There will be no quarantine In China
town and no houses will be burned, but th«
district will be cleaned up.
* WONO CHUNO.
Secretary Chinese Six Companies.
¦ . HO TOW, Consul General, /
Debris, to Be Burned in Chinatown.
The Board of Health held a conference
•with the Chinese Consul General last
evening at 5 o'clock. They asked that the
Consul furnish eighteen men, whose duty
it should be to reduce the garbage of Chi
natown to ashes within the quarter. The
Consul replied that he could not furnish
men for that purpose, and added that the
proper place to dispose of garbage waa at
tn% sanitary reduction works. The
health officials then declared that they
proposed to permit no garbage to be car
ried out of Chinatown and threatened to
force the merchants to burn their debris
in front of their stores.. The Consul, see
ing the disagreeable effect this would
have, consented to furnish six men, who
will commence work immediately.', V - ,v.
. When it became known that a' sanitary,
reduction works on a small-scale was to
be started in Chinatown a number of prop
erty owners in the vicinity declared them
selves emphatically against such a prop
osition, pronouncing : It a nuisance. :-¦<•
Another matter discussed by the ConsnV
was in relation to the respective amounts
of work which should be done by the
property owners and the tenants. Ho Vow
says that he does not propose to permU
the tenants to be imposed upon while tho
cleansing operation is going on, and
wishes the board to define the work which
it expects the owners of the property
Eumed his chair a ballot was taken and
the ordinance was passed to print by a
vote of 11 to 6.
?i.. . : .
POUND LIMITS EXTENDED.
Routine Business Only Trans-
acted at the Supervisors'
Meeting.
The Board of Supervisors were to oc
cupied with the important- consideration
of the anti-gambling order at its. meeting
yesterday that only ordinary routine bus
iness was transacted. The presentation
of a number of important" resolutions was
necessarily deferred until the next meet-
Ing.
The adoption ¦of the ordinance extend
ing the pound limits will be pleasing news
to the residents In the Excelsior Home
stead and Flint Academy tracts. The
limits, as now defined, include' Mission
street, Tingley street, Alemany avenue
and Croke street.
The City Attorney was asked for an
opinion whether merchandise brokers,
restaurant-keepers who sell no liquors,
slaughterers and dealers in opium are ex
empt from the payment of a license.
Supervisor Reed announced that the
Committee on Public Utilities will hold
weekly meetings on Thursday evenings in
the board's . chambers. . Any person who
has any suggestion to make or informa
tion to give regarding the acquisition of.
public utilities- by. the city is invited to
appear before the committee.
The petition of the -janitors of the City
Hall for an Increase in wages from $2 to
$3. per day was referred to the Financo
Committee.
The Spring Valley Water Company was
requested ¦to allow 160 hydrarfts, ordered
removed by the last board, to remain in
place until the end of the ilscal year.
The City Attorney was requested to in
form the board as to the advisability of
appealing from Judge Seawell's decision
regarding stenographer's fees in criminal
departments of the Superior Court.
The City Attorney was directed to bring
an action to determine whether the city's
attachment on moneys in bank belonging
to A. C.'Widber is superior to the assign
ment to E. D. Peixotto; also that deeds
to the Widber property npw under, exe
cution by the city be obtained. \
Objections were made by - Connor
agralnst placing under bonds bricklayers,
sewer cleaners, carpenters and pavers in
the Street Department and the matter
¦went over for one week to allow the com
mittee to confer, with the Board of.Pub
lic Works.
An ordinance submitted by the Board
of Public "Works providing for the re
moval of all garbage and waste from all
fish markets, etc., daily was referred to
the Health Committee. "
PETITION'S RECEIVED.
The following petitions were received and re
ferred to the proper committees: •... * ;
City Hall janitors,, asking that their -wages
be restored to the former ¦ figure. $3 per day;
resident*, for' the construction of a sewer' ln
TiMen street from a point 230. west of Castro,
south to- Broderick; George H. Roundy, repre
senting residents of the University Mound
District," asking that the »ald district' be in
cluded In the pound limlU: Corvllle Packing
Company, for permission, to erect, an engine
and boiler on block bounded by Folsom, Thir
teenth and Fourteenth streets and Treat ave-i
nue; Fllnn & Treacy, for permission to pave. by
private contract the roadway of Jackson street,
between Central avenue and Walnut streets, with
i.afjilt blocks and to construct basalt curbs
thereon; property-owners. and residents for an
electric light at corner of Scott and Haight
j-treets; property-owners. f O r lighting of Land
ers street: J. A. Beauchamp. asking -that a
resolution be paesed directing that all four-
Inch and eljrht-inch>gas and water mains laid
on public streets; be, dedicated to .'public, use
in so far as side service connections are con
cerned.
Protests were received and referred to the
¦ Street Committee as follows: ' . .
•.Abou Ben Adhem Lodge No. 112, L CX O. F.i
against closing the cemeteries; Templar Ix>dg"»
N0. '17, I. O. O. F., same; Pacific Paving Com
pany, against granting permission to J. .J.
Dowling & Co. to pave with bitumen the road
way of McAllister Etreet, between Baker and
Broderick; A. | Ruef,- against granting petition
pf property-owners to lay artificial stone side
walks on- Waller street, between Flllmore and
Stelner:? San Francisco Labor Council, aganist
the. passage of an ordinance prohibiting fence
advertising, sandwich men, advertising wagons,
etc' " ¦:¦¦... .
The protest of property-owners against ; the"
maintenance of a nuisance consisting of a Junk
yard at 2108 Mason .street, and the protest of
property-owners againqt the nuisance caused by
escaping steam front the works of the Mutual
Electric Light Company on Howard street, be
tween Second and Third, were referred to the
Board of Public 'Works for investigation and
action. . ; •
KESOLUTIONS ' PASSED TO PRINT.
The following resolutions relating to the per
formance of street work were passed to print:
Granting- Quimby A Harreleon permission to
blast for grading purpose on block 9 of the
Flint Tract; for full acceptance, of Potrero
avenue roadway, 1 from Sev«nteenth to Marlposa
streets, crossing of Seventeenth and Potrero
avenues, roadway, of McAllister ptreet, between
Central and Masontc avenues, the roadway of
Church street, between Twenty-ninth and Day.
and s the .roadway of ¦ the crobsinr of Central
avenue and 'McAllister street. • ' ' m •¦ ¦¦ - -.'-
A resolution was passed to prirft authorizing
an expenditure of $2625 out of the general -fund
to pay W. W. , Montague for laying. tile In the
hallways of the now Hall of Justice. ¦>.-¦. '., '.>
A resolution was passed ; to print authoriz
ing the Tax Collector to Issue to no person a
free license unless - recommended to do ho by
the Committee on Charities and Correction.
. cAn ordinance was .Introduced ¦ and passed Ito
print providing, for the dedication of a por
tion .'of the 'hospital Mot bounded 1 by. Waller,,
Stelner. Thirteenth and Scott streets aa a pub
lic park." ' ¦-¦'- ¦¦¦:• ' .-...,-, ,„¦ , .-••
Resolutions were adopted directing the -Board
of < Public Works ;to take - Immediate : stess ¦ to
remove ¦ the. debris which . covers . the manhole
of- the Henry-street sewer: > also ; to determine
which blocks of Parnassus avenue require grad
ing and to grade the same in order < that ; the'
Spring Valley Water Company might take up
Its four-inch mains in the Sunset district. and
replace the same -with eightWnch- mains; re
ferring the petition of J. J. Dowling & Co. : for
permission ' to pave .by < private contract • with
bitumen -the crossings of : Pacific avenue and
Baker street and - Pacific » avenue > and v. Lyon
street . tb the Board of -Public Works ; referring
the petition of Felix McHugh for permission
to construct by . private, contract ¦ a sewer ¦In
California street, between Twentieth and Twen
ty-first :. avenues, -.to Board •of Public * Works;
directing the Board of. Public Works : to ertab
liFh the grade of San Bruno avenue from Sliver
avenue to i.Woolsey* street, •• and yon ;. Burrows
street i from San ¦ Bruno ; avenue * west, as ; soon
as ' funds are - available: ? authorizing > and - em
powering the Board -: of Public .Works • to t in
vestigate | all I applications | for ; permission to Ido
street i work or street I lmnrovement. under I pri
vate contract, , and to grant permission there
for; granting Quimby. & Harrelson an exten
sion of sixty days', time on:th.etr contract to
construct ¦ a concrete .archway iat - the I Intersec
tion of Berkshire street and the Southern : Pa-"
cine Railroad ; i referring to the ' Fire : Marshal
for. Investigation the : petition -, of j the j Market
Street and Eureka Valley lmnrovement I Club
for the abatement of the alleged nuisance maln-
Traffic in Girls.
Mrs. Charlton Edholm will deliver a lec
ture to-night on "Traffic in Girls" at the
Helping Hand Mission. «1 Commercial
street.
Petition in Insolvency.
N Banaz, a prominent fruit grower and
packer of Santa Cruz, filed a petition In
insolvency in the United States District
Court yesterday. His liabilities are $-6.
001 and his assets JTjW.
COMTE DEFIES
THE VULTURES
' . ¦ "-As one
/'' '_ ;i :,v' v :.,. who.help
/ * Jf^^^*^^^ '¦" e^ frame
*«-» )? ,* \ wou i(j be
'**$*"<£ .ashamed
A. COMTE JR. the new
» charter to
prevent my voting against gamb
ling and immorality tn this city.
I think that it is in' keeping with
the reform which is being brought
about through its beneficent sec
tions to pass such a measure, for
the people of this city are cor
rupted by open and public gamb
ling. We can afford to antagonize
everything that corrupts the. citi
zens and the youth, and the day
that I cannot antagonize that ele
ment I do not want to hold pub
lic office."— Supervisor A/Comte
Jr., replying to the confession
of Charles Wesley. Heed.
FEARS WRATH
OF GAMBLERS
/fcPSBI&PBHk what to
f-$ f^Z , -^^^^ Fay Uflon
t ¦-,•-¦. fftSfc %9s - *^^^^ ositlon. I
of thing.
CHARLES W. REED. I went
before
the citizens at the last election as
one who helped to frame the char
ter. I believe that the acquisition
of public utilities by the city will
be hurt by the passage of such an
ordinance. at= It is antagonistic to
people in this community whose
support at th« last election
brought a victory to the Demo
cratic party and the new charter.
"The sporting element stood by
us when we needed Its assistance
and helped to save the day for us.
We cannot afford to antagonize
that class of people now."—Super
visor Charles Wesley Reed,
speaking in opposition to the
Tobin ordinance.
ffJCGLESIDE will not be reopened. Mor
ality and decency have won In " tbelr
II contest with the racetrack gambler*,
and San Francisco's robes will not be
coiled with the disgrace of licensing crime
or encouraging vice.
As an issue of to-day Ingieslde la dead.
The present Board of Supervisors went on
record yesterday as being opposed to tho
resurrection of the felon-breeding epot,
and the citizens of the city can feel secure
in their position that for at least two
years they are safe from the contam
inating Influence of the Institution which
In the days of its reign blighted so many
homes, ruined co many lives and made
such & horrifying addition to the popula
tion of our penitentiaries.
Supervisor Joseph Tobin, who has cham
pioned the cause of the racetrack gam
blers, withdrew his ordinance granting
them a new lease of life, and Introduced
an ordinance prohibiting poolselling or
betting of any description within the city
limits, which, if carried Into effect, will
be the most sweeping law ever placed on
the statute books of the city.
Tobin as a Purist.
Joseph Tobin poElnp as a purist is a
pitiable spectacle — lacking sincerity, de
void of honesty of purpose and actuated
by a spirit of revenge, or possibly a desire
to force his colleagues Into submitting to
his plan, the effect of which would
make San Francisco a "wide open
town," a haven for thieves and thugs
and the breeding place of a generation of
criminals and convicts. This man, defeat
ed in his purpose to pive Ing-leside &
monopoly of the racetrack gambling vice.
Introduced an ordinance so sweeping tfcat
it was calculated to be obnoxious. ; He fig
ured that the Supervisors would ' shy at
his Eham morality, and rather than in
dorse his proposed law would submit to
liis plans for reopening Ingleside. Tobin
misjudged the character of his colleagues.
He underestimated the value they ola.ee
upon their honor. His bluff was called
and his ordinance was passed to print by
the following vote:
Ayes— Booth, Boxton, Brandensteln.
Comte, d'Ancona. Duboce, Hotaling, Jen
nings. Maguire, Sanderson, Tobin— ll.
Nays— Connor. Curtis, Dwyer, Helmu.
McCarthy, Reed— 6.
The New Ordinance.
The text of the proposed new law fol
lows: .-:r.i*Ji/.-\r» '
Ordinance No. — .—Prohibiting pool selling
and buying, bookmaklng and betting on all
contents of endurance, power, ekllt, speed or
strength of men or animals, or o # f both, or
aiding or abetting thereof by the keeping
or exhibition of any book, list or device for
recording bets or odds, or by permitting the
use of property for any of the prohibited
purpose?, or by visiting places where such
poolselling. bookmaklng or betting is car
ried on, or otherwise assisting In, advertis
ing, or deriving benefit from the same; de
nning misdemeanors hereunder and fixing
penalties for the same.
Be it ordained by the people of the city
and county of San Francicco as follower
Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any per
son in the city end county of gan Fran
cisco, whether as principal or as the agent,
or broker, carrier, employe or other repre
sentative of any otlwr person or perrons,
to 6»11 or buy any pool, or to book.
lay. make, place, record or register any bet
or wager ui*>n the final result of any con
tinent Issue nf any competition, contest,
exhibition, event. fiKht. game, match, race,
test or trial of endurance, power, eklll, speed
or ctresgth, whether of men or animals, or
of both, or to pay or give, to. deposit or
pledge. with or receive from another any
money, representative of money, evidence
t>f debt or thing of value upon any agree
ment or contract, whether express or tacit
ly understood, that the same or any part
thereof may or Fhall be Invested in any
pool, or naked or pledged upon any bet or
Tia^er on the final result or any contin
gent terue of any of the matters or things
herein above specified; or to cell.. Issue, give
or otherwise dispose of, or redeem, or re
ceive, hold, offer for redemption, or collect
the proceeds upon any card, memorandum,
ticket, due bill or token' showing or indi
cating that the bolder thereof is entitled to
receive any money, representative of money,
evidence cf Indebtedness or thing of value
by reason of the final result or any contin
gent Issue of any of the matters or things
herein above »r>eclfled. / '
¦ Sec. 2. It shall be unlawful for any per
son la the city and county of San Fran-*
clsco to any wise to aid or abet in the vio
lation of any of the provisions of section 1
hereof, and In particular to set up, keep,
exhibit, use or employ any book, device or
apparatus for the purpose oX recording or
registering any pools, bete or wagers within
the purview of section 1 hereof, or to set up,
keep, exhibit, use. distribute, circulate or
employ any device; apparatus, blackboard,
paper or lists whereon odds In faror of or
against one or more men or animals as
competitors or participants in any compe
tition.- contest, exhibition, event, fight,
game, match, race, test or trial of endur
ance, power, skill, speed or strength of
men or animal*, or 'of both; or to use, or as
the owner, lessee. licensee, custodian or agent
of any public or private grounds, tent,
booth, shed, room, building or other tene
ment «r structure, oaus* or knowingly per
mit to be used the same or any part there
of for any of the purposes la this ordinance
declare! to be unlawful; or to visit any
place in the city and county of San Fran
citco where any of the matters or things
in this ordinance declared to be unlawful
are done or caused or permitted to be done;
or to publish or advertise in * writing or
other-wire the time when, (he place where
or the person or persons who will or intend
to do any of the matters or things In this
ordinance declared to be unlawful.
Sec- J. Every penon violating any of the
provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor.
Sec. 4. Every person duly summoned a* a
witness for the prosecution on any of the
proceedings had under this- ordinance who
neglects or refuses' to attend a« required,
chall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor.
Sec. 6. No person,' otherwise comr>Ant at
a witness, is disqualified from testifying as
euch concerning the offenses in this/ordi
nance defined on the ground that sucb'tefii
monjr may criminate such witncFs under the
provisions of this ordinance, but no prose
cution can afterward be had' against such
witness for any offense defined in this ordi
nance concerning which he testified.
See. t. Upon the conviction of any person
of any of the offennes herein - defined he
eh>ll be punlthed by a 'fine not exceeding
five hundred '$.".00) dollars or by imprison
ment in the County Jail not exceeding six
<€) months, or by both such fine and im
prisonment. <9v*>i§MWWO*s
Bee. 7. All order* and parts of order! in
conSlet with this ordinance thall be and
the same are hereby repealed. . •
Bee. 8. i This ordinance shall take effect
and be in force on and from its passage. - -
Ignored His Colleagues/,.'.
The discussion which prefaced the show.
Ing of the Tobin hand developed, the fact
that the friend of Ingleside had not con-
pulted his associates on the Police Com
mittee regarding the ordinance. He was
somewhat embarrassed upon announcing
that he had a minority report to make,
when Supervisors Reed and Helms, nis
colleagues, stated they were not prepared
to make any report whatever, for the rea
son that Tobin had elected himself the
"whole thing" on racetrack and poolroom
affairs.
Reed's Admissions.
Supervisor Reed opposed Tobin's ordin
ance and in doing so exposed a state se
cret that made even Mayor Phelan bush.
He argued that it would not do for the
party In power to antagonize the- gam
bling element, for, he asserted, it had been
a valuable ally for Phelanism and the
Democratic party at the last city election,
and had virtually saved the day for the
"little Mayor." Phelan attempted to &top
Reed in his wild harangue, but the Super
visor was disposed to tell the whole truth
and there was no power strong enotign
to shut him off. " ...
In marked contrast to the admissions of
Mr. Reed was the bold and manly stand
taken by Supervisor Comte. He said that
it was in keeping with the reform prom
ised by the new charter to crush out every
form of vice that threatened the youth of
the city, and that when he felt that he
had to "truckle to gamblers to secure his
political success he would retire from pub
lic office. , .
Ministers Condemn Ingleside. ;
After a great deal of preliminary spar
ring between Supervisor Tobin. Super
visor Reed and the Mayor, it was de
cided to listen to the reading of the ordi
nance proposed by Tobin. After the read
ing, a number of ministers present were
allowed to address the board. Rev. E. A.
Woods, pastor of the First Baptist
Church, spoke in part as follows:
"Petitions and resolutions have been rs-
CERTAIN PROOF THAT
OAKLAND IS BOOMING
Scow Schooner Entered That Port and-
Depiity Collector Hollywood's
Salary Increased.
Customs Collector Jackson recelvedtho
thrilling information yesterday that Oak
land was looming up as a subport of en
try; and that the Treasury Department
was so much pleased that It had Increas
ed the salary of Deputy Collector An
drew Hollywood from $1000 to $lt>oo par
Mr. Hollywood has ' eclipsed the recorJ.
About three years ago a ship laden wit a
coal wanted to enter at Oakland, and
Mr. Hollywood's predecessor, a Demo
crat, almost fell dead from the shock of
learning: that he was expected to work
for his salary. Federal decorum on the
Oakland mole was paralyzed with amaze
ment, and the deputy Collector fled to
San Francisco, where, by the advice or
prominent members of the Iroquols Cluo,
he filed the entry in the San Francisco
Custom-house.
Mr. Hollywood about four months ago
was called upon to enter another coal
ship at Oakland. He did the job *o well,
that eyes of the Treasury Department
were turned upon him. A few weeks ago
a scow schooner loaded with dried
abalones from Lower California, entered
at the subport of Oakland and the record
was broken. '
Oakland is now on the map.
Dr.- Parker's Cough Cure- Oa ?*°?* i^* l t ? c ?
a cou»h. Never fails. Try It. All drugglata. •
CHINESE SCATTER TO AVOID
A T HREATENED QUARANTINE
congratulation and many commendatory
SHjpf were said relative to the fraternal
feeling existing between the two command-,
cries. -The ceremony was followed by a
social hbnr.' . ; '=
I RUSSIAN I
{CIGARETTES I
(With Mouthpiece |
1O c^entalbr XO S
vv^v^ gMCTQlTobacco Works J
TOBIN WAS
NOT SINCERE
•
Referring to Mr. Tobin's
ordinance Supervisor I*, i.
Dwyer, in the presence of and
with the approval of Super
visor P. J. Curtis, made the
following statement:
....'.."Supervisor Tobin is not .
sincere in introducing his -
gambling ordinance. I have"
never favored the reopening .
of Ingleside, neither have I ;
favored an ordinance against .
poolselling that would be so '
sweeping as to become obnox
ious. Knowing this Tobin [
approached me and told me .
that unless I would stand in ¦
with him in reopening Ingle- ¦
side he would force upon the "
r city an ordinance that would .
punish every one who had op- -^
posed his plans." ]
visit DR- JORDAN'S <s»eat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
'if r The L-irgut Aaatonucal Museum in tb«
Wottd. Vtexkac.sn at any contracted
IgS Specialist r a the Cow tit. *> v&4 r»
jftf OR. JORDAM-PBIV ATE DISEASES
Ink Caasaltstion tree and strictly prirate
I VU7 Trr nment personally cr by letter. A
¦J' Tl P—,tu>* Otram every useuadert*Jien.
M| )l| Write for Book. PBltttS«r BY «f
• | ll* MAH«IA«R. MAILED TREtt. 4 A
A fp nliaiile book for mi-nj
OR JOKD *> A CO . K»l Market Mt..k P.
Airp nnilll Corner Fourtn and
CnFEBOYnL"^
Will la lIUIIIU^ Overcoats and
Vallaes cheeked tn*.
DIREGTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAX. COKB A«D PXO IROX
¦ r> «'ti ct\ v cr A **) Battery Street. .
J. C- WILSON tt tO-.TriephoiM. Main Uti.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. Mrtv' '
f«t cuiTH Sbip Plumbing. Steamboat
C.W« Mill"' and Ship Work a Specialty. ,1$
and IS Waahingtcn «. Telephona Mala MU. .
FRESH AND SAtT MEATS.
•te BAVFC&fA Shipping Butchers. 104
JXS BUI EJ tt UJ-» Clay. TeL Mala 1304.
PAPER DEALERS. ."^ . . I
m-rt 1 1 MCTTP PU l * AND PAPER OCX. .
fILLAJBtIIfc TO Montgomery «.
PKIXTUU.
E. C BUCHES. m .JEKreV r.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
TeI SSeS. We PAKTRHHiE :".?££!».
4
CHARLES W. REED,
A. COMTE JR.praise In this suggestion, and it !s not
unlikely • that if it be adopted by toma
competitor for the prize his Honor will
convene the judges of tha contest In'se
cret session and commune with them as
he has so kindly done with other com
missions. It would not be unwise for tha
judges to demand an understanding on
' this point; as his Honor, as is well-known.
Is a stickler for plans and specifications
in these things. ,*...- *
# And although he has a very keen knowl
edge of what a stuffed jury Is, he knows
also that the stuffing is likely to - slip
away.- He is likely, therefore, to remove
one of the judges at the last moment for
the public good, and when such humilia
tion can .be avoided the judges should
seize the first opportunity Is an under
standing.
The suggestion of G. A. Bronstrup will
probably also meet with commendation.
It Is faithful to the regal idea, although
Mr. Bronstrup ' has failed to suggest tha
now famous dinners, at one of which iir.
Phelan tilted full at certain towers as
another beclouded knight did at the wind- *
mills. In the proposed Bronstrup flag.
however, his Honor the Mayor is given,
full credit of his "hefting" victory.
Mr. Phelan might issue a supplemental -
- list of contest conditions and impress
upon competitors the dignity of the ban
quet incident. No event in his HonorTs
career won him perhaps so much distinc
tion. The affair possibly will live greener
in his memory perhaps than any other.
' Gordon Ross Is firmly convinced that
f«ll justice cannot be done to the subject
unless-an elaborate color scheme is used.
. He believes, as do the others,
that Mr. Phelan symbolizes San
Francisco, and that Mr. Phelan can
receive ' a pictured reality only On
- a long green background. Without
such a supporting. background Mr. Ross
says that the central feature of the en
tire flag would lose Individuality, become
insipid and fade away. But that U an
opinion to which Mr. Ross is probably en
titled. It Is one of many offered in sug
gestions, and this morning The Call pre
sents them with a hope that they may be
valuable to the competitors for the prize,
to the Judges and to Mr. Phelan. and that
to the ptfblic they are not uninteresting.
• ¦ • ¦ - • ¦?¦•-.¦ <-,•¦• ../•¦•••--,,.. ¦ ..¦...-......? •• -• ¦ • .- < .'.¦*•¥•¦.•__¦¦¦•;¦¦*- ¦.•...:¦ -
SOME THOUGHTS SUGGESTED BY J\ FLAG FOR THE CITY,
the Mayor chose deliberately, and with
that keen sense of responsibility which
guides him in the making and unmaking
of Police Commissioners, in the disposal
of public benefits and in the determination
of what shall be for the public good. The
first Judge chosen by his Honor the
Mayor was Colonel Mendell, one of the
Commissioners of Public Works. What
the colonel doesn't know about flags is
not worth knowing. Or perhaps the
Mayor, stunned by the disasters of his
recent combats with public opinion, wants
a battle flax that means success. For
that reason, probably. Colonel Victor-
Duboce was also made a Judge of the
great flag contest and Supervisor Hotal
lng was added possibly to subdue the
fiery tastes of the others. Park Commis
sioner Stanton's well-known position as
art critic in chief to the Mayor assured
him the fourth place.
With such formidable judges the con
testants for the Mayor's coin have good
reason to be apprehensive. They have
cause to think well before they submit
their conception of what the city's flae
should be. In order to assist these pen
tlemen, and perhaps Interest and advls?
the Mayor and his Judges, The Call hn.;
determined to give this morning a few
EUg*estions. The artists of The Call have
combined to help along the worthy cause
by presenting pictorially their views c>
the great subject which so agitates hi.<
Honor's mind.
Without exception these artists have
worked from the same point of view. They
have been inspired by the same central,
overshadowing thought. They form thea
a concensus of public and artistic opiulcr.
which is worthy of consideration. It
fchould not be overlooked by the judges,
who undoubtedly are busy men and ac
cept suggestions as a welcome relief.
Colonel Mendell possibly Is more interested
at present in a municipal sewer system
than in selecting a banner to adorn the
canopy of the Mayor's chair of state. Mr.
?tanton. rumor has it, is puzzling hit
brain over decorated park grass plats
more than over a city emblem/ Super
visors Duboce and Hotaling have been
trying bow to prevent the fastening of an
insolvent debtor's lock on the door of the
treasury rather than contemplating the
glory of raising a flag over the dote- of
the City HalL
And U the Judges flnd^i the designs buljt
mltted by competitors some of the Ideas
of The Call artists due weight will b«
given. It is a matter of general Interest
that the one central thought which in
spired these artists was his Honor the
Mayor. This gentle compliment will prob
ably be appreciated by him in the spirit
In which it was given. All of these artists,
as students of current events, know the
value of perpetuating in some artistic
way the story of incidents which have
made their impression upon the public
mind. They know the historical worth of
emblems that tell the tale of many great
men and some small ones, and in design
ing for San Francisco an emblem that
will at a glance tell the story of the "new
era of reform and progress" in this city
they have without exception turned to
Mayor Phelan. .They have all pictured
his Honor as he Is and not as he ought to
be, although one contributor to the collec
tion has outlined bis Honor as his Honor
thinks he Is.
Harry E. Warren has carried his
thought of symbolization to the point of
perfect success. In his thought new
San Francisco is Mayor Phelan and Mayor
Phelan is his hat— that famous tile which
revolutionized the city government. The
artist believes that San Francisco can
have no better flag than a small white one
with a silk hat in the very center. With
a liberty which generally characterizes
his work and method, Mr. Warren has
given free rein to his imagination; he
has trifled with the ancient heraldic signs
and symbols, has taken from them an in
spiration for a modern escutcheon and has
In the offering of "William J. Kelly a very
valuable suggestion. ¦ Mr. Kelly is con
vinced that future San Francisco will ben
efit more by having constantly before her
eyes the Incidents that marked the birth
of the "new" life than by fretting herself
with a never-ending vision of something
severely antjque and classic. Inspired by
that idea Mr. Kelly believes that it la no
dream. He has enthroned and crowned
his Honor the Mayor and placed at his
side that familiar fan-bearer who sought
to wield stars, not fans. Before the local
monarch, set upon a glistening pile of
gold bricks, with that trademark that no
longer deceives the public, is an urn. from
which Issues the Incense of the Mayor's
ambition— his Senatorial aspiration.
With an exuberance of klndnes3 Mr.
Kelly has also made delicate reference
to the dead hopes of his Honor. It la
such references as these which will give
historical value to a flag of San Fran
cisco.
Charles IL Owens believes that the tri
color should not be abandoned even in
a municipal flag, but he Is convinced that
no three colors in existence are bright
enough unadorned to picture the era
which Mayor PhHan has Inaugurated.
To show more clearly the development of
"New San Francisco." Mr. Owens has
given a new arrangement of colors —
white, red and blue — typifying, no doubt,
the three stages of mental feeling in the
city as the change was accomplished.
Each color serves as a background for a
panel and each panel Is the pictured
story of local history.
Even the Mayor will find something to
The Call Offers Some Sugges
tions to the Competitors in
the Great Phelan Contest,
And Gives Some Advice to the Worthy
Judges Who Will Make History in Their
Choice ol San Francisco's Banner.
ON* February 20 Mayor James D.
Phelan offered a prize of $50 for
the best suggestion of a flag for
the city. His Honor chose an op
portunity particularly well fitted to excite
the emulation of the people who see in
him their chief executive, as he had just
wen joO in an essay contest. By setting
the money up again as a bait he showed
that while he is not deaf to the call of
competition he is above the cheap rewards
of success. And anyway the Mayor has
been convinced for a long time that the
city needs a flag. He has even so digni
fied the necessity of a municipal owner
ship of an emblem that he has referred to
the matter in his annual message.
So great a need called for a remedy and
the Mayor offered the $50 as a reward,
with a reminder, gently made, of his
cleverness as well as suggestion in
competition. No limit was placed upon
the contest except as to time, next Thurs
day being fixed as the last day upon
which sample flaps would be received.
And in the matter of merit the Mayor
was very critical. He chose the judges
of the contest with that care which at
taches to the consideration of great
events. The selection of a municipal flag
is a serious matter, for the banner will
signify the city to other cities. It is as
the nation's flag to the banners of other
nations.
On great days It becomes the emblem of
the chief executive and why should not
the ensign of the Mayor be as gorgeous
as that of a President or an admiral? So
BY WHICH FLAG WILL OUR CITY BE KNOWN?
THE SAX FEASCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAECH 13, 1900.
Artists Agree That the Emblem
Must Picture the Fame of
His Honor the Mayor.
Ideas That May Find Splendid Reality in
an Ensign That Will Float From the
Dome of the City Hall.
given to San Francisco the flag of the
Phelan hat. The effect therefore has all
the charm of art and the force of truth.
Few people In San Francisco ever realized
bo keenly before perhaps how much his
Honor the Mayor holds in his hat.
In offering his suggestion for a flag for
Ban Francisco J. A. Cahill pictures what
a great many people of the city have felt
In deepest, conviction— that anything typ
ical of the metropolis would fail of truth
ful representation unless dominated by
Mayor Phelan as he sees himself and as
others see him. In that double char
acter of saint and sinner his Honor the
Mayor towers above the peninsula, his
face glowing in the light of self-esteem
and his back plastered by the mire of acts
which do not call forth an expression o£
commendation.
Mr. Cahill is evidently not impressed
with the Mayor's choice of judges who are
to sit In judgment upon the design of
flags submitted. When his Honor selected
the judges he chose neither a saintly man
nor a practical politician, and both would
be absolutely necessary to pass critically
upon Mr. Cahill's suggestion. But It Is
offered for what it is worth. Perhaps Mr.
Phelan. recogniztng as he did in the
Blggy affair, the "needs of the public
good," might consent to pass judgment on
the saintly half of the proposed flag, and
Bam Rainey certainly could be Induced to
Berve the people by telling what he thinks
of the artistic justice of the other half.
If aspirants for the Mayor's prize are
truthful as well as artistic they will find
5"I suppose." he said, as they undulated
around the hall, "that my mother would
be awfully ~ worried If she knew I vaj
here. She thinks It Is^ a terrible sin to
dance."
.' "Oh; never mind,"- the girt said. "Sire
¦wouldn t know you were dancing, even if
t «he saw you."— Chicago Times-Herald.
The Savage Bachelor.
• . "By the way," said 1 the Sweet - Young
Thing, gently, "I read not long since of a
lunatic being restored to reason by a blow
on the head. But this was a lunatic not
an idiot.". With that she gave a thought
ful look at her dally enemy. ; ..,..-..¦• .'
"I knew of an idiot getting cured that
way," the Savage Bachelor hastened to an
swer. "As soon as she hit him with a flat-
Iron' he applied for a -divorce.'.' Indian
apolis Press. . ,
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ABSENT-MINDED BEGGAR — Sub
scriber, City. "The Absent-minded Beg
gar," by Rudyard Kipling, was not pub
fished in The Call. :
QUEEN VICTORIA'S SERVTTOR-P.
P.; City. John Brown, who for many
years was Queen Victoria's servitor, died
on March 27, 1883. The papers of the day
that are obtainable here at this time do
not give the cause of death.
POSTAGE TO MEXICO-E. H. C, Fire
baugh, Fresno County, Cal. Postage to
Mexico, Monterey or any part of the Mex
ican republic Is the domestic rate of post
age from the United States— 2 cents per
ounce or fraction thereof.
'COOKING SCHOOLS— Reader, Benicia,
Cal. If there are any cooking- schools at
this time in San Francisco they are pri
vate Institutions and this department can
not : advertise them. There are cooking
classes connected with the educational in
stitutions of the city.
BEE CULTURE— F., Santa Rosa, Cal.
Periodicals devoted to bee culture are:
The American Bee Journal, Chicago, 111 ;
Bee Keeper's Review, Flint, Mich.; and
the Canadian Bee Journal, Brantfort, On
tario, Can. You can obtain works on bee
culture through any first-class book
seller.
TRESPASS— I* S., City. If you own aa
unimproved ; and unfenced lot outside of
the city proper and you wish to kaep your
In a Boston Primary School.
"What are the Inhabitants of the Sulu
archipelago called?"
"There is no specific name for them," re
plied the little Boston boy. "They may
be classified, perhaps, under the general
name of fish. There are sharks,, flying
flsh and others, with tortoises or turtles
of various kinds, which, however, are not
fish, but- — ". .
"What are you talking about, Ticklo
well? I am asking you about the inhabit
ants of the Sulu Islands."
VI beg your pardon. You asked me
about the Inhabitants of the Sulu. archi
pelago. I assume that everybody Knows
an archipelago Is merely a sea or body of
water interspersed with Islands." — Chicago
Tribune. _ ¦ >=.'-.¦
The London "Tailor arid Cutter" has begun some
thing like a crusade against the use of khaki uniforms
on the ground that they make "the drab world; look
duller and dingier than before." It says the word in
Hindoostanee means -"earth color"; that "the Greek
dictionary gives us kaa-kaa, dirt: the Welsh vocabu
lary, the German, Spanish, even the Maori, has" the
same word, spelt a little differently, it is true, but in
every case.the meaning is the same. It is of the
earth, earthy — dirt, of the dirtiest kind; that is the
meaning of the word which has come to be looked
upon as emblematical : of British patriotism." It is
certainly an interesting coincidence that the dirty
work of imperialism -should be carried out by men
clothed in a uniform whose name in so many original
languages means dirt/ ' .
If the report from Washington be true that the
President has decided to take a firm stand in support
of the reciprocity' treaties, we shall have an oppor
tunity of seeing how easy it will be for Congress,
backed by a resolute public sentiment, to compel a
"firm, stand" to get a move on itself. -
Since an Oakland girl estimates that she has been
damaged to the extent of $50,000 ; by the refusal of an
Alameda man to keep his promise to marry her and
give her a home in that town, what would have been
the damage if she had been disappointed by a San
Francisco man?
The Frenchmen who have come to New York with
the intention to make atrip to the Klondike on an
automobile deserve credit for their courage, but they
are evidently in woeful , ignorance of the difference
between the roads of this country and the highways of
The fruit-growers of Southern California doubtless
think they are having a hard time /with the drought,
but if they read flic complaints of the Florida orange
growers over the frosts in that ; State they will \ find
reason to be satisfied where they are. ¦
THE VOICE OF GORMAN.
WHEN Gorman defeated Bryan's desire to have
the Democratic national convention meet
early in June, and succeeded in having it post
poned to July 4, he gave evidence of his power in
Democratic councils and proved himself to be ; a
leader whom the Bryanites will have to reckon with
and treat with respect. By baffling the scheme to
call the convention prior to the date fixed for the
Republican convention he gained another > month of
time in which to organize the opposition to the
Nebraska man.
That accomplishment, however, is not the only evi
dence given of Gorman's activity and leadership in
the higher councils of the party, however lacking he
may be in influence among the rank and file. The
call issued by the Democratic National Committee for
the election of delegates to the convention sounds
more like the voice of Gorman than of Bryan, and
is an astute appeal, not to free silverites and radicals,
but to the conservative elements of the country.
The appeal says: "All Democratic conservative re
form citizens of the United States, irrespective of past
political associations and differences, who can unite
with us in the effort for pure, economical and con
stitutional government, and who favor the republic
and oppose the empire, are cordially invited to join
us in sending delegates to the convention."
In that address there is much of false pretense, but
there is also much adroitness. It is a foregone con
clusion that Bryan's nomination will mean another
disturbing agitation affecting the financial security of
the nation and of all who have money in the banks,
and that no conservative course on any great issue
will be a part of the policy of his platform. The ap
peal, therefore,- to conservative, supporters of eco
nomical and constitutional government to take part
in electing delegates to the convention can mean
in honesty nothing more than the defeat of Bryan!
If it do not mean that, then it is but a false pretense
and a snare. , ¦•',
Gorman* is 'sufficiently sagacious to perceive that
the silver movement is. dead, and that another fight
for free silver will come very near meaning death. to
Democracy itself.' He sees in the prevailing oppo-
State Controller Colgan and the State Board of Ex
aminers have fallen out, an 4 as a consequence the
owners of $200,000 worth of claims for the support of
half-orphans, it is said, will not get their due. What
conclusion is to be drawn from that?
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these exeur-
plons to look after the welfare of passenjrers.
To CLlcaso and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. S3B Market street.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
neighbor's cow off that lot or prevent bim
from tethering her on the lot. place a
fence around the property and If he then
enters the premises to tether the cow
there, you would have cause for an action
for trespass.
' POLL TAX— O., Orovllle, Cal. The law
of California says that an employer is
authorized to pay the poll tax of an em
ploye who has refused to pay the «am»
upon demand by the party entitled to col
lect the same, and says further: Every
person ¦who pays the poll tax of another
may deduct the same from any Indebted
ness to such other person."
LIBRARY TRAINING— M. C. 8.. Vlsa
lla, Cal. " There Is no library training
school In California. There are such else
where. There is the New York State Li
brary Training School, Albany, -N. V.; the
Pratt Institute Training Class. Brooklyn.
N. V.; the Drexel Institute, Philadelphia.
Pa., and one or two such institution* In
Illinois.
GOLDEN GATE PARK— C. C. Stock
ton, Cal. Outside of a few notes in guide
books there is no published description of
Golden Gate Park, San Francisco, other
than what appears In the Park Commis
sioners" report, made annually to the
Board of Supervisors and printed In the
Municipal Reports. Any book dealer will
procure for you guide books of San Fran
cisco.
LYDDlTE— Subscriber, Pine Grove, Ea
rn eralda County, Nevada, and G. A- 0.,
Stlllwater. Cal. Lyddite shells ar« filled
with an explosive of that name. The
name was derived from the town whero
the Inventor lives. It Is said to be ten
times more powerful than dynamite. In
the preparation of this explosive carbolic
add Is treated with a small proportion of
nitric add. and the picric acid resulting la
fused by a secret process which renders
It safe to handle and of tenfold Increased
power. "When burned In the open air
lyddite will vanish with a bright flame,
but without exploding. It Is only when
confined in an air-tight space, like the In
terior of a torpedo or projectile, and ex
ploded by detonation that It Is destruc
tive. Another advantage over dynamite
Is that It will not make gunners sick to
handle it. In loading dynamite the gun
ners get some of the nitroglycerine on
their hands, which gives them nausea un
til it is washed off. and after the firing
the men are compelled to wait for twenty
or twenty-five minutes to allow the sick
ening vapors to pass off before they can
approach the gun to reload. With lyddite
this waste of valuable time is avoided.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orphenm— Vanderllle.
Grand Opera-house — "The Girl From Parts."
Grand Opera -house — Coreert Thursday afternoon. March IS.
ColumMa— "Because She Loved Him So."
California— Operatic concert to-nl^ht.
California— "The Brownies In Fairyland," Thursday after-
noon.
Tivoll— 'The IdoVs Eye."
Alcazar — "Never Aealn."
Alhair.bra — "Have You Seen Smith."
Chutet. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympla, corner of Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
Sherraan-Clay Hall — Concert Friday afternoon.
Western Turf Association— Races to-day.
PETITIONS TO CONGRESS.
BY the Washington correspondent of the New
York Sun an interesting account is given of
the quantity and quality of petitions . sent to
Congress, and the manner of their treatment when
thej r arrive there. In these days when every yellow
journal in the land makes a feature of getting up
"mammoth petitions" on all sorts, of subjects, and
then cites them as proofs of its potent influence in
shaping legislation, it will be worth while for the
public to give some passing attention to" "what the
Sun correspondent has to say.
There was a time, of course, when Congress gave
respectful consideration to every petition presented,
but that was in the days when petitions were compara
tively rare, and when it wat not easy to get a bill
providing for some desired legislation introduced
into Congress. In these days, however, Congress
permits the introduction of any and every sort of bill
and authorizes its publication as an official docu
ment, and as a consequence petitions asking for con
sideration of this or that measure are no longer re
garded as of any particular value.
Describing the history of the average petition, the
writer says: "It has its birth- in some reform cru
sade. It is circulated and its growth tenderly nur
tured. Some morning it turns up in the mail of a
member of Congress in Washington. If he followed
his natural impulse it would go to the wastebasket.
Instead it is turned over to the tender mercies of a
clerk. That is generally the last the Congressman
ever sees of it. The clerk hurriedly indorses on the
back, 'Petition of Richard Roe and others, asking
for the passage of a bill,' etc. Congress never hears
of it. It is taken by the clerk to the document room
and joins a hundred or more others on all conceivable
subjects. Here another clerk prepares a brief notice
of it for insertion in the Congressional Record, and
the petition is sent to the committee having charge
of legislation on the special subject mentioned, pre
sumably to be considered solemnly by the committee
and at the end of the session to be stored among the
Government records. From then on the petition is in
constant jeopardy. There is not one chance in a
thousand that it will ever be opened. Observant
persons have noted that an amazingly small propor
tion of the vast number of such documents referred to
the various committees are ever heard of more. Even
after petitions come from committee and reach the
records rooms they have been known to disappear in
some mysterious manner. Nobody seems to know
how, and, as a matter of fact, nobody cares."
Despite the carelessness with which they are-han
dled and the indifference of Congressmen to them,
the petitions stored away in the Capitol amount to
an enormous number. They are piled in the vaults
of the basement, in the attic and in document rooms
on both the Senate and the House side of the build
ing. "The records of some of the great "freak peti
tions" of the yellow journals are curious. Thus it is
noted there was one day presented a monster peti
tion purporting to contain 4,000,000 names request
ing intervention on behalf of Cuba. . "The petition
was mounted in a great reel and was resplendent
with American and Cuban flags. : For several days it
stood in an adjacent room and was viewed by
thousands. Finally some inquisitive clerks took upon
themselves the task of counting the names. When
the petition was unrolled the entire center was found
to be a blank. Instead of millions of names the pe
tition contained, by actual count, but 11,000, and the
most of these were evidently written by half a dozen
persons."
Congressmen who desire to know the will and wish
of their constituents do not wait, for these yellow
freaks to be presented to them. Of course requests
from persons known to the Representative or from
accredited and responsible organizations are given
attention, but the mighty mass of such documents are
of no effect on legislation whatever. In fact,- it is
probable that most of the yellow petitions are as
thorough fakes as the one the inquisitive clerks ex
amined, and were the fading and decaying mass
thoroughly overhauled there would be doubtless
found whole stacks of Examiner-Journals rolled, up
inside of petitions, partly by way of stuffing, and
partly to avoid the necessity of sending too many
to the garbage crematory*.
sition to the jingo movement toward imperialism a ;
chance to rally his party to a new issue that will says
W. St P. BUILDIJfO PAPER.' '
Wind, water and. vermin proof. Prepared
roofing. - 113 Kcw Montgomery st.
The Ancient apd Honourable Artillery Company of
Boston has sent $350t0 the Honourable Artillery Com
* pany of London for use of the members of the Lon
don company in the war with the Boers. As the two
organizations are of a social rather than a military
nature, and have many affiliations with one another,
the gift is a sort of courtesy rather than a war contri
bution, but all the same the Bostonians might have
shown better taste by selecting some other form of
gift just at this time. 'ts*\ \
Because "war is hell" is no reason why General
Roberts should refuse to show something of courtesy
to his captured foes. It is to be remembered that ac
cording to the proverbs of all nations the devil is s
pcntleir.an. \
Predictions from Washington are that the proceed
ings of the House this week will be dull, so it is
worth while to be on the lookout (or a racket of some
kind and a high old time.
LIBERTY SATIN DRESS.
The costume represented Is of lavender.
Liberty satin, draped, trimmed with
bands of silk gauze ribbon, between frills
»f black lace, running down the front and
round the skirt, with bows on the cor
sage and skirt. The sleeves are half
length.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS-
In Operation Dally. C 33 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
MARY DID HER BEST.
The public schools of a certain New
England city have recently taken to an ex
acting form of art. The pupils are placed
before a model and told to sketch as they
see.
One day a little girl was seated In a
chair on the platform and her classmates
were given the usual .order.
The results varied. Some of the draw
ings looked like a human being in a state
of repose, others like wooden dolls. But
one little girl had drawn the chair and a
tiny figure standing in front of it.
"Mary," said the discouraged teacher,
"didn't I say, 'Draw Amelia as you see
her?'" •
"Yes'm."
"Well, is. she standing in front, of the
chair?"
"No'm. She's sitting 1 In it.
"Then why didn't you draw her Bit
ting?" ¦
Team came into the child's eyes. She
was misunderstood.
"But I hadn't got to It," she said. "I
was just going to bend her down when
you rang the bell."— Youths' Companion.
"Still," said the old friend, who had
called to converse with the venerable
sage, "in your advancing age It must be
a great comfort to know your fame Is se-
cure."
"Yes," replied the aged scientist; "1 am
told there is a new disease and a 5-eent
cigar named for me." — Chicago Tribune.
Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitten, the cele-
brated appetizer and invigorator of the digest-
ive organs. Is now used all over the world.
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator.
The best liver medicine. A vegetable care for
liver Ills, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation. *
"And how did you and grandpa get
along?" inquired the doting mamma of the
precocious child.
"He was pleasant as pie." replied the
cherub.
"As pleasant as pie?"
"Yes. mamma. Short and crusty."—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Special Information supplied dally tr>
business bouses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lt> atTownsend's.*
Cameras and photo supplies In artls: •'
material department at Sanborn' & Vall'r.
741 Market street. •
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
E. H. Ramsay of Honolulu is at the Oc
cidental.
.;U. Culbertson and wife o-f Michigan are
at the Grand.
Douglas S. Cone, a banker of Red Blnff,
is at the Palace.
Mayor W. H. Lamb of Santa Cm* is a
guest at the Grand.
J. B. Hewitt, a wealthy land owner of
Bakersfield, is at the Lick.
Colonel and Mrs. W. B. Keeler of Chi
cago are at the Occidental.
George H. Dewey Is registered at the
Palace from Wheeling, W. Va.
Wllliam Shaw, a prominent Sacramento
attorney, is a guest at the Grand.
Dr. F. W. Hatch, a well known physi
cian of Sacramento, is at the Lick.
G. D. Plato, a Modesto merchant, is reg
istered for a short Btay at the Lick.
Railroad Commissioner N. Blackstock
of Ventura is staying at the Grand.
C. Kadno. a traveler from London. Is
an arrival of yesterday at the Palace.
T. W. Patterson, banker and capitalist,
is registered at the Lick from his home
in Fresno.
Thomas More, a capitalist of Santa
Barbara, is among the recent arrivals at
the Grand.
A large number of Raymond excursion
ists arrived at the Palace yesterday from
the southern part of the State.
Dr. H. H. Brown of Chicago is at the
Palace, where he arrived yesterday, ac
companied by his wife and daughter.
E. O. Doremus, a prominent insurance
man of Newark, N. J., is a guest at the
Occidental, where he arrived yesterday.
EXPANSION AND CLIMATE.
KNOWLEDGE is gaining in regard to the phy
sical conditions of our new tropical posses
sions. It is decided by the medical authorities
of our navy that two years is the extreme limit of
naval service in the Philippines. Those authorities
report that after the first year in that climate its en
ervating effects multiply so rapidly that a three years'
assignment is dangerous. A warship is not an un
wholesome place. Indeed it is as sanitary as a hos
pital. Distilled water is used; artificial ice is manu
factured; the food is the best in quality and prepara
tion; the men are kept from contact with the steam
ing tropical soil, and yet with all these advantages
over land service official medical experts decide that
a longer service than two years is fatal.
There are indications that the medical service of the
army is noting the need of a still briefer service on
land. Already the order is out to return a • large
number of the militar}' commands sent out last suin
irer, and their places arc to be taken by fresh troops,
now being recruited in the East.
We are glad that at last there is this official admis
sion of The Call's contention that a tropical climate is
poison to races of the temperate zone. It will aid in
rescuing our people from the consequences of their
very general self-deception. A year ago, when we
were calling attention to the physiography of the
tropics, others were inviting the "American home
seeker" to migrate to the Philippines, Cuba and
Porto Rico and grow up with a country already o'ver
populated by tropical races and under a vertical sun
that is as fatal to white men as a lethal dose of mor
phine. Our ultimate policy for disposing of our re
sponsibility in the tropics will be largely guided by
the growing knowledge on this subject.
Concurrently with this official recognition of the
physical depravity wrought by the climate, affirming
the rapid degeneration of the constitution of white
men, there is news of the renewal of warlike activity
r>mong the Filipinos and the assurance of an army
officer that at the present rate of progress their re
sistance will rot be subdued for ten years, during all
of which time our military force there must be main
tained at its pre«ent figure, of about 70,000 men. The
long struggle will repeat the history of the Acheen
war, which Holland has maintained for thirty years,
at such cost that it has eaten up more than all the
revenue derived from her tropical possessions in the
East. We may look for the same result as to rev
enue, and for still more serious physical results, be
cause we are not as well disciplined in guarding
r.gainst the dcndly effects of a tropical climate.
Official medical authorities are especially concerned
!>y the very large number of cases of insanity among
our soldiers in the Philippines. Lunacy is almost
epidemic in the ranks and is supposed to be the effec\
of the intense vertical sun. A great many suicides
have been caused by it. even among officers.
HIGH SCHOOL PRIVILEGES
DEMANDED BY THE NORTH END
The Call does not hold Itself responsible for
the opinions published In this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have aa communications of general interest.
Editor The Call: I am indebted to. my
old friend Joseph Catania and his sons ot
the California market for the Information
that in all the public Bchools of this city
north of Sutter street, from the bay to
the ocean, there is not a single high school
or commercial class. Why this discrim
ination against this important and popu
loub part of the ci^y? Don't the people
of the north end and north central sections
of the city pay their school taxes? "Mo
thinks" they rather do. I will ever honor
the pioneers who first settled around the
old historic plaza (Portsmouth square* of
Yerba Buena and made this city what it
is to-day. They paid the taxes and spent
their money to make the south end. the
Mission and the Western Addition. Shall
their children now be deprived of equal
educational facilities with the children of
the rest of the city? It is a gross injus
tice and deserves the severest censure
and condemnation of the School Board.
Of course, with our little peanut Mayor
from the Panhandle, and his pigeon
brained and narrow- minded School Board
from the Mission, the north end and north
central sections (the most important part
of the city) must be deprived of its lust
and rightful opportunities for the chil
dren's education. There was a high school
and commercial class at the Washington
Grammar School, corner Washington and
Mason streets, but they have been abol
ished by the small-minded persons who
unfortunately misgovern the public
schools of this city. The people of the
north end and north central section should
rise en masse and demand their just
rights, to which they are equally entitled
with the rest of the city. You will earn
the thanks and lasting gratitude of the
parents of the sections named by alvo
cating and insisting upon the establish
ment of a high school and commercial
classes in the public schools therein.
Yours very respectful^
Room 1. Montgomery block.
San Francisco, March 12.-
DANGER AHEAD
FROM THE SALE
OF FIREWORKS
Fire Marshal Towe Sounds
a Note of Warning to
Citizens.
The Charter Conflicts With the State
Law in Not Bequiring Vendors
to Pay a Ucense
Fee.
Fire Marshal Towe scents great danger
to the city on the next Fourth ol July
celebration through a conflict between
the charter and the State law as to the
sale of fireworks. Under the State law
no person may offer fireworks for sale
without first obtaining a permit from the
Fire Marshal and paying a license fee of
$10 to the license collector. This kept the
sale within reasonable limits and enabled
the Fire Marshal to keep watch over
dealers. As a result flres decreased from
between forty and sixty on the Fourth to
from five to ten, and the loss entailed was
in proportion. . '
The dealers, chiefly Chinese, begin prep
arations for the event early each year,
and this year the Fire Marshal has issued
four retail permits and one wholesale per
mit for the sale of fireworks, the retailers
paying each the $10 license and the whole
saler a $50 license. Now he has discovered
that the charter does away with the
license fee and he has refused to issue
any more permits till he consults his at
torney. He has also advised Chief Sulli
van of the Fire Department or the dan
ger and the Chief will lay the matter be
fore the Mayor.
There is a clause in the charter giving
the Board of Superiors power "to im
pose license taxes and to provide for ths
collection thereof, but •no license taxes
shall be imposed upon any person who at
any fixed place of business in the city ana
county sells or manufactures goods, wares
or merchandise except such as require
permits from the Board of Police Commis
sioners, as provided in . this charter. "
Therefore no license fee is necessary for
any one selling fireworks, and as it was
the only deterrent every small store
keeper will be wanting to sell them, and
if the Fire Marshal can be compelled to
Issue permits to every one who makes
application the danger is only too appa
rent.
Since the thing which the Board of Health calls
"bubonic plague" took over twenty days to kill a
Chinaman afflicted with other diseases, and eighty
two hours to kill a neglected guinea-pfg, it is evi
dently a slow poison in this climate and not at all like
the terror of the Orient
it from Bryanism, and has determined to. profit by
the chance so far as he can. It matters little to him
that imperialism is advocated .by some of . the most
conspicuous leaders of Democracy in Congress and
in the country. He is just now seeking for votes,
and in doing so has spread this appeal to mugwumps
as a fisherman would spread a net to catch gudgeons.
ANOTHER KENTUCKY CRISIS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 1900.
WHILE we are boasting of our equipment for
judgment of the capacity -of other people for
self-government we are furnishing the world
an object lesson in our own incapacity therefor by
the .assembling of. two armies in Kentucky to prob
ably battle over the State government.
the Call long ago pointed out the working and
probable results of the Goebel law. It is an elab
orate statutory mechanism for falsifying the results
of an election, and suppression of the will of the ma
jority. That it was used to deprive Taylor and the
Republican State officers of the places to which they
had been elected was made evident when the State
Returning Board, by Democratic votes, declared Tay
lor and his colleagues to be elected. To overthrow
this decision in the Legislature Republicans were
ousted from their seats, to be replaced by Democrats,
and then a strictly partisan committee was appointed
which reversed the finding of the Democratic Return
ing Board. Before the report of this committee was
made to the Legislature Governor Taylor, who hid
been regularly inaugurated, adjourned the Legisla
ture, having the legal right so to do. Then followed
the assassination of Goebel, the administration of the
oath to him on his deathbed, and the pretended suc
cession of Beckham, who ran and was defeated with
him on the ticket for Lieutenant Governor.
The State now has two governments. Taylor is in
possession of the State House, the great seal and
other muniments of authority. He is in command of
one section of the State militia, and Beckham is or
ganizing another. Both sides are abundantly sup
plied with arms, ammunition and determination.
There is a clash of military authority which may re
sult in fighting for the State armories. The situation
is further confused by the offer of a reward of $100,
000 for the assassin of Goebel. That large sum has
stimulated detective ingenuity, and several Republican
State officers are under arrest for that crime. So
large a sum will make perjury easy and pay for the
manufacture of a case against innocent men, so that
those under arrest feel uncertain about their ability to
secure a fair trial.
The disorder has therefore penetrated every branch
of the government. It has extended like a plague
from the ballot-box to the bench. Potent passion
pervades the legislative, executive and judicial
branches of the government, and free institutions art
being made a mockery and a byword.
In the disturbed conditions following the Civil War
strife of this kind was common in Louisiana, Arkan
sas, Mississippi and South Carolina. But it was then
excused as a necessary part of the vast chaos and
demoralization caused by war. Now, however, there
is no room nor reason for such excuse. Kentucky,
like the rest of the country, was at profound peace
when last year's Democratic State convention met.
All that has happened since began in that convention.
Goebel was a man of vaulting ambition and violent
and unscrupulous nature. Blood was already on his
hands, and he was understood in his own party to be
capable of any act that might be necessary to win his
way, regardless of legal or moral obstructions. His
nomination was compassed by the violent expulsion
of a large number of regular delegates and the cor
ruption of others; the prolonged session of the con
vention was characterized by such shameful features
that the manhood and State pride of the better Dem
ocracy revolted. Another convention was held and
a competing ticket was put in the field, headed by
John Young Brown! These two Democratic fac
tions almost brought the State into civil war during
the campaign. Even Colonel Bryan was warned that
he was in danger of being shot by the members of
one faction if he went into the State to speak for the
ticket of the other.
The Republicans conducted their campaign in an
orderly manner and won. It is estimated that their
actual majority was 40.000. but this was cut down by
the legalized rascality of the Goebel judges of elec
tion, until there remained an apparent majority of
only 3000. In a' well-ordered, self-governing com
munity that majority should be as sacred and in
violable as one of tens of thousands. But the spirit
of Goebel survives him, and his partisans are deter
mined to grasp power by any violation of law or any
misapplication of its principles which may suit them.
There is no doubt that the righteous cause of Gov
ernor Taylor suffers from the murder of Goebel,
though no proof can be found connecting him in any
way with that crime. This feeling, however, should
not obscure the issue, which is one of law, order and
justice, in which there is no doubt Governor Taylor
has been in the right from the beginning.
"HANDS ACROSS THE SEA" (NEW VERSION),
- I
TUESDAY..'.' MARCH 13, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS,. Proprietor.
Addres* All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
rmi,ICATIOX OFFICE.. Jlarltet and Third. S. F.
Telrphone Main 18<«.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 «trv«-u«nn St.
Telephone Main J.N74.
Delivered lij Currier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Mncrle Copies, S Centa.
Terms by Mall. Including Pontasret
II VII. V CALL .liMlu.llnir Mindan, one year. .*o.<Xl
DAILY CALL iltieliidiiKC Sunday), it months. . 3.00
DAILY « Al.l. (Including- Sunday). 3 months., 1.r.0
UUI.V (ALL Ilv Single Month O3c
SINDAV CALL, One Year I.CO
WEKKLV CAIX One Year 1.00 |
All poatmnMers are authorised to receive
¦ ahscriptlons.
Sample eoples Trill be forwarded when reouested
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. CKORC.E KROG7TKSS.
31nnaajer Forelsrn Advertising:, Marqnette Bnlld
lnic. Chlcaajo.
SEW YORK. CORRESPOJfDENTi
C C CARL.TO.% Herald Square
KBW YOKK nEPRESEVTATTVEI
I*nnitY LIKENS JK 2O Trlbnne Unlldlnic
CHICAGO .\E\VS STAITDSI
Sherman II on He; P. O. \ew« Co.i Great sorth
ern Hotel; Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
M2W YOItK XEWS STAVDSI
Wnlilurf-Utoria Hotel; A. Hreninno, 31 Union
•><jiißrr; Mnrrn)' Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON <D. C> OFFICE. . Wellington Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRAXTCf* OFFICES — 827 MontKomrrr. corner of
Clay, open nntll Bs3O o'clock. 300 Hayes.
o|ii n until »t3O o'clock. *UVJ McAllister, open
rantl! J»:3O o'clock. 615 Lsrkln, open until
:•;:'.<» o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 1O
o'clock. 22«1 Market* corner Sixteenth, open
until :» o'clock. lOtHi Valencia, open nntll !»
o'clock l<»» Eleventh, open until O o'clock.
\W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock. j
AUCTION SALES.
Hr Sullivan & Doyle— This day. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
Twelfth and Harrison streets.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Wednesday, March 14, at 11 o'clock,
Hortw*. at 227 Sixth strret-
Auction— Thu r-lay. March IS, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at 2170
Market sir^rt.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUOAL PUMPS:
t/Df\fll Sand Centrifugal Pumps. Drake
l\|\VllJll Amalgamators, In operation dal-
ly. » Stevenson st., San Francisco
BEACH GOLD CO>CENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
BOS 3 GOLD SAVER.
Man pumps, water operates machine, works
t tons p«r hr., naves 95 p.c. free gold. 129 First.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES fine gold. In dally operation at 154
Beale St.. San Francisco.
GASOLINE ENGINES.
HERCCLES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is filling
many orders for Nome. 141-U3 First St.. S. F.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savin* Machine. t» Fol- j
som street. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
OILS.
LtTBRTCATTNO Oil Crude Oil and Gaaoita*.
ENSIGN A McOUFFICK. 23 Spear at.. S. F.
PLATES FOR SAVINQ GOLD.
Schaexlein A Burrldce. S Hardls dace, oft
Kearny, between Sutter and Bush streets. ' _
- PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. F.
DPEDOIva PUMPS.
Oil. Gasoline. Steam Holsta. Centrifugal Pumps.
Engines* Boilers. HendyMach.Wks.,*t) Fremont.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluic* boxes;
hlKh or low lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market st.
PUMPS AND OASOLINE RNOINES.
All kinds of ' Pumps and Gasoline Engines.
WOODIN A LITTLE. Xl 2 Market it., S. T.
PILE-DRIVING ENCJINES.
YTorthlnarton - Steam Pumps & Water Meters.
Munrly Hoisting Engines. Tatum A Bowen.
ENdI>ES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers:
lowest prices on the coast. Pine Se Davis sts.
TENTS AND COVERS. "
KEViLLE A CO.. manufacturer*, bo*a. tanta,
- cover*. II and 23 California st.
6AMUSEMENTS.
GREAT SALE 0F....
PIANOS
''.v-.-,' cNTine stock or ¦
HAMILTON-BANCROFT CO.
COMPRISING
STEIN WAY HAINES BROS.
CHICKERING BALDWIN
WEBER ELLINGTON
BUSH & GERTZ HAMILTON
Many are brand new, just in from
the factories. Purchased by us for
spot cash at our own price and
offered at GREAT SACRIFICE.
$50.00 UPWARDS .
Byron Mauzy fcm S
308-310-312 POST ST;
SHEET MUSIC HALF PRICE TO AU
MR. and MRS. SYDNEY DREW,
In the Arr.us!nc One-act Comedy, "LOVE
WILJ. FIND A WAY."
HOWARD THURSTON: FLATOW and DUNN.
SMEDLEr SKETCH CLUB.
HAPPY FANNY FIELDS.
IMPERIAL MOORISH ACROBATS.
ANNA WHITNEY: NEWHOUSE and WARD;
THE FRANKS' TRIO.
Reserved Feats. 25c: Balcony. 19c; Opera
Chairs ar.J B;x S^ats. 50c.
Matirw*>« Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
SPECIAL FEATURES FOR THE CHILDREN
AT WEDNESDAY MATINEE.
PHOnC SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE LAUGHING FARCE COMEDY.
HAVE YOU SEEN SMITH
Introducing Comedians Who Are Funny.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
MR. MrtRRV GLAZIER.
Ar.a His Excellent Company ln a Lavish
Production.
"THREE MUSKETEERS."
Handsome Coetumes, a Perfect Presentation ln
detail. Direct from New Tork City.
SEATS THURSDAY.
PRICES— Evening. lSe. 25c, Soc. 50c and TjC
Matinee. 15c, 25c, 25c and &Jc.
ATffTJRKTffTrNTS.
COLUMBIA &>
Etetj Night Except Sunday. Matinee Saturday.
CHARLES FROHMAN
Presents WILLIAM GILLETTE'S GREATEST
COMEDY TRIUMPH.
BECAUSE -the
SHE L!TTLE
LOVED of
HIM SO FARCE
With J. E. DODSON and the
SAME GREAT CAST.
As seen for over 150 niehts at the Madlson-
Ffjuar? Theater. New Torlc
'.' "; Grand spring opening Thursday, March IS, and
following days. Mrs/ S. Thomas. 114 Grant aye.«_
Trunks ; and .valises.; Immense assort-
ment of best grades at Sanborn & Vail*,
741' Market street. ',- •
W. S. Barnes Sued.
Suit has been filed by the London. Paris
and American Bank ' against William S.
Barnes to recover 1250 on a note issued
April 16,< 1896.. J
*TIVOLI*
"HOOT MON, CROWDED AS USUAL!"
THIS EVENING IS THE
67th PERFORMANCE
Of th«* Great Record-breaking Comic Opera,
The Idol's Eye.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
XELEPHONE-Bush X ,
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TAN FOR AN PARK.
FIFTH MEETING. Men. 12 to 24, Inclusive.
Six hlph-c!a£S running races every week day.
rain cr fchlne. beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars Into
b euoerb irrand stand. p!as»-lnclos«l. where.
£?rr>'ort»b!y housed In bad weather, they can
frTw an unobstructed view of the races.
«rrifn» leave Thtrd and Townsend street* at
ft-OO WtO ami U* a. m. and 12:15. 12:35. 12:50
l'r% 125 P. in., returning immediately after
ia*t race «t 4:«5 p. m. KeaU in rear cars re-
BtM-ved for women and their escorts. No smok-
T^g Valencia street. 10 minutes later.
lUn Jose and Way Stations— Arrive at Ban
Krono a.tl2:« p. in. Leave San Bruno at *:00
""nATF^M Francisco to Tunferan and re-
turn, including admlaoicn to track. *1.25.
turn, inciua s w MARTIN - prcaeat.
F. H. GREEN,' Secrctarr and Manager.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
LAST WEEHt LAST WEEKI
LAST WEEKI LAST WEEKI
KOBBIS & HOWE'S BIG TRAINED
ANIMAL SHOWS.
TO-DAY AT 2:30 AND 8:15.
300-PERFORMING ANIMALS-300
BRING THE CHILDREN.
PRICES— ADULTS, 25c.
PRICES-CHILDREN". 10c,
Elks' Green Tea.
The cards are out for a green tea to be
given by San Francisco Lodge of the
Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks
ln the hall on the night of the 17th lnst.
The invitations I are on dark green card
board and the members are notified to
"please wear your green clothes."
Standard Optical Co., 217 Kearny at., leading
opticians. All work guaranteed; prices low. •
FLY-CASTING RECORDS.
A Successful Day of Contests at Stow
Lake.
That fly-casting is growing In popular
ity is evidenced by the large turn-out of
members at Sunday's contest at Btow
Lake. No less than twenty-three enthu
siasts competed In the various events,
and there were eight or ten other mem
bers of the club present at various times
during the day who were unable to. com
pete The weather conditions were even
more favorable than on Saturday, and the
scores considerably higher in every event
except distance. Perhaps the large crowd
of Interested spectators added something
to the ginger that was thrown into the
work throughout the entire meeting, but
whatever it may have been, ¦ the results
were apparently satisfactory to the con
testants and were evidently so to the on
lookers.
One of Chicago's crack lure-casting ex
perts was present and cast as a guest of
the club, but did not equal the.score of
Mansfield, who was high man in the last
three events, duplicating his performance
of Saturday. In long distance Golcher
headed the list with 114 feet. Daverko
sen was next with 103 feet, while Muller
and Brotherton were a tie for third, with
95 feet each.' ¦ ¦ .
In accuracy Mansfield was 9o per cent
and Everett and Young 93 per cent each.
In delicacy Mansfield led with 90 5-12 per
cent, with Muller second, with 86 2-12 per
cent. Mansfield was also high in : lure
casting, with 89 1-5 per cent, although he
had a close Becond ln Bluhm, the Eastern
expert, with a score of 88 2-5 per, cent. •
Following are_the_scorea In detail: «
In the Divorce Court.
Judge Dalngerfield has denied Anna M.
Skivlngton a divorce from her husband,
John F. Skivington, foreman in the Rls
don Iron Works. Mrs. Skivington sought
a divorce on the ground of Infidelity, and
in a cross-complaint Mr. Skivington de
manded a decree on the ground of deser
tion. Both petitions were denied.
Annie" Nllnedovitch has been granted a
divorce from Abram Nllnedovitch on the
ground of willful desertion. .
Suits for divorce have been filed by Al
exander C. Babkirk against Minnie Bab
kirk for desertion, Sabina Relmers against
Theodore Relmers for desertion, John
Simpson against Mary Simpson for de
sertion, Assunta Sorbi against Daniel
Sorbi for failure to provide and Rena
Harklns against James Harkins for de
sertion. . ,-,-i>'-*.St -\r -^ : >\ ! '.^i
Anyvo Theatrical Cold Cream insures a
refined complexion. Druggists, 15c and 30c*
339 MARKET ST. Sf.
DEWEY.STRONG&CO
RECENT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
No te.— These papers on practical science have
been prepared for The Call's Home Study Circle
by Professor William J. Hopkins of Drexel In
stitute.
11. WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
The idea of sending messages from one
point to another without the use of con
necting wires has always been fascinat
ing since the first practical telegraph. It
can be accomplished in a variety of ways,
but all methods fall naturally Into two
classes. The first Includes all those
methods in which the transmission of the
signal is effected by "leakage" of electric
current from the transmitting apparatus
to the .receiving end through the earth
or the water. The second class embraces
all methods ln which the transmission is
by waves traveling through the remark
able "ether" which is conceived to fill all
space. Just as those waves travel which
produce the sensation of light.
In any method yet known wires must
be used at both the transmitting and the
receiving end. bo that there is no tele«-
THE LEAKAGE METHOD.
raphy yet which Is absolutely "wireless."
Wireless telegraphy, as now understood,
however, employs no line wires, such as
are necessary ln ordinary telegraphy to
connect the transmitter and the receiver.
Transmission through the earth or
water without wires has been accom
plished many times. The earth is full of
wandering currents which need only a
sensitive detector like the • telephone to
become evident. Indeed, the difficulty Is
to prevent any currents which have ac
cess to earth from wandering and to keep
them in the paths marked oat for them.
Without enumerating the attempts
which have been made in this direction
during the last half century or more, a
single example will be sufficient to make
the matter clear. Some years ago Trow
brldge found that the time signals from a
clock in the observatory in Cambridge
could be distinguished four miles from the
line conveying the signals to Boston. A
telephone receiver was used as a detector
in a line about fifty feet long, the ends
of -the line being grounded by means of
rods , which were stuck Into the earth.
The current had spread out to this extent
between the earth plates in Cambridge
and Boston, assisted, probably, by the
water mains and the water in the soil.
The Leakage Method.
On this principle it was proposed that
ships at sea should communicate, a strong
current from a dynamo being sent Into
the sea' through a trailing wire and the
current detected by a telephone connected
to a similar wire trailing from . another
ship. It was even suggested that commu
nication could be established across the
Atlantic by -' sending :; a strong ¦ current
through a wire running the length of- the
American continent and connecting the
ends of the line to the ocean. A telephone
line running from England to Liberia
would pick •up enough current to maks
the signals distinguishable.
. To understand the operation of the sec
ond method It will be best to consider the
action of waves of a similar character.
"When a wave progresses over the «nr
face of water it Is not by the onward mo
tion of the water Itself. Each particle ot
water oscillates up and down, communi
cating Its motion to the next, and In this
way causing the wave form to travel on
ward until It breaks upon the shore or is
smothered out by the friction in the water
itself.. In just this way a wave passes
over a field of standing grain. Each stalk
keeps its place, but the wave form moves
onward. A wave may be made to travel
a rope or a long spiral spring; in fact, ln
any substance which for any reason tends
to resume its original shape or volume,
A sound-producing wave in air Is of much
the same character, although the motion
of the air particles Is to and fro along
the direction of motion of the wave, in
stead of across It; for air has elasticity
of volume, but not of shape. These air
waves are ordinarily invisible, but pro
duce the effect of sound within certain
limits of rapidity, if the receiver Is an or
gan* of hearing.
A single sharp disturbance of the air.
like an explosion, starts an air wave
which travels outward ln all directions
from the source; or a regular repetition
of Impulses, like the sound of a siren whis
tle or of a bell, causes a series of waves.
These disturbances are transformed by
the ear upon which the wave strikes Into
the sensation of tn© report of the explo
sion or the musical note of the bell, re
duced to loudness ln accordance with the
distance. For the wave Is spreading out
into greater and greater spheres and the
proportion of the whole wave which is re
ceived is correspondingly reduced as it
recedes from the starting point.
If, Instead of falling upon an ear which
responds to a wide range of vibrations
the waves are received by some appar
atus which responds to but one definite
pitch or rapidity of vibration, little or no
effect Is produced unless the waves are
of the same pitch as that of the receiving
Instrument- Such an Instrument Is called
a "resonator" and the action is known as
sympathetic, resonating or syntomic ac
tion. The resonator selects only the
waves of Its natural period.
To account for the known phenomenon
of light It has been found necessary to
assume the existence of an all-pervading
substance called the "ether." Nobody
can see or feel the ether, but there are
few. If any. now who doubt its existence.
It must be endowed with y very remark
able properties; a rigidity great enough
to transmit waves with a velocity of
156.000 nitlfj a second: a lightness so in
conceivable that all forms of matter pass
through It with little or no resistance;
filling all space, even that between the
molecules of every body. In the ether
are passing at all times and always with
this immense speed of ISS.WO miles a
second waves of all frequencies and of
all lengths. The light-producing "waves
lie within comparatively narrow limits,
from about 40,000 to about 70,000 to the
Inch. -Shorter than these are the ultra
violet waves, which affect photographic
plates strongly, vibrating about 10,000.000,-
OOO.Ow times a second, and the X rays no
body knows how many billions of times
a second. Beyond the visible ray 3 at the
other end the; waves of 10,000,000,000.000 to
20,000,000.000.000 vibrations a second pro
duce the effect chiefly of heat, and still
lower in the scale come waves of all f-e
fjuencies down to a comparatively few
thousands a second, and of all lengths,
from a quarter of an inch to many miles.
The effects of these long waves are
chiefly electrical, so far as yet " known,
and they are generally called Hertzian
waves. ¦ from the name of the man who
first Investigated them systematically..
All other waves, however, are of the
same general electro-magnetic character,
and our classification into X rays and
Rontjren rays, light, dark heat. Is only
an evidence of our limitations in receiv
ing apparatus. With new methods of re
ceiving and detecting such waves new
effects may be produced
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W B Ballou NY HP Jones. Orovllle
E E Alnsworth, Seattle Mrs H F Jones. Cal
D S Cone, Red Bluff J D Sherwood, SDokan
CL. Hanson. L. Ang Mrs J D Sherwood. Spo
T Clark, Spokane H B Wood, San Jose
Mrs T Clark. Spokanw Mrs H B Wood. S Jose
J Flllis Redding S J Hopkins, Sacto
J E Kuler. Cal Mrs S J Hopkins, Sac
W T Cluverins. U S N J G Wand. N V
L. Rlnaldo. Cal Mrs Baker. Cal
H F Brown, Chgo H M Merriman. Cal
O G Constock. Chgo C Mler. Los Ang
Mrs O Q Constock. Chg L, H Wiley. G Rapids
J Constock. Chgo W Barnhart. G Rapids
J C Kemp Van Ee. Cal G C Dewey, Va
W Loheyde, NY CM Duval. Parts
L. Janln. Cal Mrs C M Duval. Pans
T Flint Jr. S Juan C A Smith & w. Minn
W T Shive, Ft Klamth J W Schloss. N V
C H Baker, Seattle W Hawks. D C
F Carlyle. NY Capt V Iwato. Japan
E O Doremus. Newark X Yamada. Japan '
P Li Crovat. NY W P Morgan, Buffalo
E G Wheeler. N V Mrs W P Morgan. Buff
J A Ewin. NY A Morbus. N V
R Spear. U S N Mrs A Morbus. N T
R Fleischer, Arizona B E Green. Los Au
R Hirato. Tokio F E Smith. N T
Dr T. Davis. Wash
Raymond Excursionists.
W J McCahan Miss W 'A* Underbill
Miss W J McCahan Mrs W J Wendell
Miss E R McCahan M J Wendell
J F Crals Mrs C F Bemls
Mrs J F Crals Miss M L Balrd
Miss S T Crais: Mrs G.K.Baird
J Z Llprlncott J X Guy
Mrs J Z LJpDincott Mrs J X Guy
Miss A S /Rockwell R L. Case
Mrs E I Henry A Hicks
Mrs G A Abbott Mrs A Hicks
Miss W H Abbott S G Fredericks
Miss W B Williams Mrs S G Fredericks
Miss L J Williams Mrs J S C Davis
Mrs W H Ford Miss B W Davis
EG McCurdy ¦ F P Marsh .
Mrs E G McCurdy Mrs F P Marsh
E B Huston Miss M E Rhoades
Mrs E B Huston Miss I Packard
H Billlnrs Mrs JE Lockwood
G W Underhlll J E L, Beales
Mis, Underhl,l oRAND R^olllday
C A Thorp. Chicago W Harris, Wls
A M Slndel, Seattle Mrs Fitzgrerald, Utah
E Gllman, Orovtlle R Dubois, Chicago
J M McClursr, Orovllle L Hall & w. Wash
P S Witcher. ~ S Lake Miss L Eastland, Wn ~
C Williams & w, S J Mrs E Smlther. . Texas
Miss William. S Jose G Richardson Aw, Colo
S McCune & w; Pa MIM M Walters, Colo
Mrs Dr Gladden. Pa J J McGrath, Cal
Miss J Guff ey. Pa " - Bl> Morris. Cal
W R Nichols, Uklah W Steadman. Cal
C Selb &w, 8 Jose . J Ferguson. Cal
H C Clark. Cal J McCarthy, Cal
J Hayden. S Rafael C P Chase, Cal
W H Murphy, P Alto O Anderson, Sulsun
A D Erwin, S Rosa T: Babbitt, Boise
C J Coen, Oxnard J Gleber,~Nebr
H R Hlldreth. S Diego S Davis. Sacto
R E Morrow & w. Cal C Teague, Cal
T R Mon, w & d, S B L. J Abrams, Btkn
0 W Buker, S Diego ; J Lenerber, . Cal
W T Shine, Or G Berg, Sanoke
G T Williams, Cal Mrs G Meredith, N T
j W Wood. Seattle W P Slusser, Cal
W Kraft, N V A Robinson. Gilroy
N Shaler. Mass ¦ A' Deardorf , Cal
8 Wilkinson &w. Or W Lamb Aw, Cal ~'^,
CHuKhes, Red Bluff A Culhert Aw, Mich
N Blackstock. Cal : Mrs Messner. S Rosa
G Walker & w, J Chic B X Sweetland/ Cal
J B Cuyler &w. Chic G Paustlan, Cal
Dr C A Monroe. Cal gg OH Bernhard. Fresno
E Cummins, Cal W_Patterson, Cal
F M Duggan, -= Wash J H Howard, Chicago
Mrs F Rowe, Or! - 8 A Spring, N V
W Shaw. Sacto - O Bulow. Redding
J H Batcher. Sacto EM Tllden, Woodland
D C Mitchell. CaK-Vi E Dunager.
Wl> Curtis,- Mich ' OJ.Larsen. Lodl
1 •/, , . - NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
O Ler.gen, Cal" - S Ballard, S Rosa
P Dickie, -Keswick Miss L E Bailey, N J
W Chtsholm. Seattle P F Ryan &w. N V
J Morgan, ¦. Sacto ".. W H Carson, : Ind
MSweetman. Chicago P Schultz & w. Cal
A-W'Bowman, Cal Mrs B L, Jones, Minn '.
F Coombs, S Jose Rev J E Hall. Minn
H Smith. Tulare t, Wattenberg. I, Ang
J H Patrick. Cal .1^ t, Lebrrer, Cal V;
N E Cramer &w, Wyo R ,W Gates; Chicago
CHILD FATALLY CUT
BY FALLING GLASS
Heavy Window Frames Drop Twenty
Feet on Little Leslie
Forsyth.
Charles Leslie Forsyth, aged 4 years,
met with a peculiar accident while at
play yesterday afternoon, receiving In
juries from which he died a few hours
later.
The child was playing in the yard of
the house at 1 Polk street with two other
children, when the heavy glass windows
of . the conservatory on the floor above
in some unaccountable manner broke from
their frames and came crashing down to
the ground, twenty feet below. A large
piece of the glass struck the unfortunate
little fellow and completely covered him.
• The landlady of the house heard the
crash and the screams of the children and
ran at once to the scene, where she found
the child bleeding profusely from many
cuts on the head and body, the glass fall-
Ing with such force that it cut through
the child's cap and clothing. Dr. Pillsbury
was summoned from the Falrmount Hotel
and did' what he could to alleviate the
sufferings of the boy, but death ensued at
6 o'clock.
Mrs. Forsyth, the child's mother. Is a
resident of Portland, Or., where her hus
band is an Insurance agent, and has been
ln the city but a short time, visiting rel
atives. An autopsy will be held to-day.
Dental Parlors
(HISTORY BUILDING).
723 Market St.
(Portland Office— Fourth and Morrison Streets.)
JUMPED OVERBOARD
FROM PRESIDIO WHARF
Teamster Bogers, Employed at the
Reservation, Ends a Debauch
in the Bay.
Edward Rogers, a teamster employed ln
the quartermaster's department at the
Presidio, ended a Sunday debauch and
his life yesterday by jumping Into the
bay from the Presidio wharf. Rogers
had been working for the quartermaster's
department for six months or more. He
was a drinking man, but he showed no
evidences of an intention to end his life
except now and then to say he would like
to go away. He asked for a furlough of
a month recently and It was declined, and
with that as an excuse he took to drink
with renewed vigor. Yesterday morn
ing, without saying anything to his com
rades, he walked down to the wharf at
the time the McDowell was due and ln
the presence of the few soldiers who were
waiting there he walked off into the
water.
The body was recovered by two Italian
fishermen an hour or two later and was
brought to the Morgue.
John E. Martin, of Company B of the
Twenty-first Infantry died at the General
Hospital yesterday.
Captain Peter C. Deming, commissary
of subsistence of volunteers, has been as
signed to temporary duty in this depart
ment pending his assignment to Manila.
NO PAIN ! NO GAS !
Teeth extracted and filled absolutely without
pain by our late scientific method. Xo sleep-
produclr.gr agents or cocaine. These, are the
only Dental I'irlors ln San Francisco that have
the patent appliances and Ingredients to ex-
tract, fill and apply gold crowns and porcelain
crowns, undetectable from natural teeth and
warranted for 10 years, without the least par-
ticle of pain. Gold crowns and teeth without
plate*, gold fillings and all other dental work
done painlessly and by specialists.
SOLD CROWN AND BRIDGE WORK A SPECIALTY
(We guarantee a fit or no pay.)
22-K Gold Crowns $5.00
Gold Fillings 1.00
Silver Fillings 50
Teeth Without Plates .".00
-Quick— Safe— Stare-
D*. Macs' Anti-Pain PiMs
Cure all kinds oi Pains and Aches.
BENJ. P. BARKER, Livermbrc, Calif. > ANTON QUICK, San Luis Obispo, Calif.*
h^fiache* T from which I !!,£. ""' f ° r DMVOUB aa<l Elck •"I«t so little open air exercise that I suffer greatly from neu-
f-Tb^t hSehe rlmLv^ .i tlnce v « » «*>'• I consider them ralgla and severe headache, and I have never found anything to
J-r^T ever fo^nd thS^nM J*'°? i: ln . fact * tbey are the only rellev « me equal to Dr " Mlles ' Antl-Mn Pills. They relieve so
wax I e>er round that would ward off or relieve at once." quickly and leave no Injurious effects after using. My wife Is de-
udc » , crnufc «- ¦- „ ...* lighted with them, and always keeps them ln the house."
;>ik». a. A. BTOWE, San Jose, Calif.
••While traveller and sirht-seelng. our party of three each and all J * H - HAYDON, Santa Maria, Calif.
used Dr. MJl«' Anti-Pain Pills with most gratifying results. By "I have used Dr. Miles* Anti-Pain Pills for sick headache, and
tajar-r one^De.ore starting out. arid sometimes one in mid-afternoon. find them a. most excellent remedy. I used to lie awake many nights
i^vT^*.' 11 *^ to put ln the lon cest and most arduous days of and lose many days' time from headache, stomach trouble and ner-
s EEt-see.ag wltnout any unpleasant effects." vousness. but since I have t>een taking the Anti-Pain Pills the at-
mdc xv c Mil uc xr ¦¦ > .•• tacks are not near!y EO frequent, and one Pill always drives them
' UKC> ' V> F. AHLfcS, Vallejo, Calif. away."
"I tad «ich terrible throbbing and beating pains ln my head **• B« BAKER, San Jacinto. Calif.
t£ vtw"*" 0 *!^ 1 ?" 0 "^ that X CouM not r *" t or Bleep - Hearln B ot "I have used several boxes of Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills, and I
£T. »j.ies Anu-i-ain Ph.s, my husband bought me a box. and the find they proniDtly relieve ordinary and neuralgic headaches. They
™X * f* r * rellef - l »**"»>¦» b*ve them la the house and give have also given similar relief to my wife, and she never allowi her-
xn*=7 **-*y to or friend*." Mlf t0 wlthout them." .#
The Great Headache Cute
» remedy that never fails to relieve Headache, Backache, Stomachache, Neuralgia
Sciatica, Rheumatism, Nervousness, Irritability, Sleeplessness or the Blues.
25 Doses, 25 Cents. At all Druggists,
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
16. Some Iced tea; dv th* glacS; doo tay
glas-say.
Some iced tea; dv th« frapp£;
frap-pay.
17. A small cup of black coffee: un»
demi-tasse; —^demee-tass.
Note— Demi-tasse Is always applied to after
dinner coffee, black, which la In French caf*
noir; kaf-fay nwa.
IS. A cup of coffee with milk; une tasse
de cafe au lait; oon tass duh kaf-fay oh
lay.
19. Give me a glass of hot milk; donnez
moi un verre de lalt chaud; show.
20. Lemonade; limonade; lee-mon-nahd.
?21. Table claret; vm^ordinaire; yang
nor-deen-alrr.
22. The wine list; la llste dcs vlns;
leest day vang.
23. Give me the bill of fare; donnez-mot
la carte: .
24. Show me the menu: montrez-mol I©
menu; mont-ray mwa luh muh-nu.
25. I am hungry and thirsty; J'al falm
et solf; zhay fahng ay swaf.
The student will now memorize the fol
lowing numbers:
13; treize; trayze. 14. quatorze; cat-orze.
15; quinze; can-ze. 16; seize; say 3. 17. dlx
sept; dee sett. IS. dix huit; deez-weet. 19.
dix-neuf; deez-nuff. 20; vingt; vangt. 21.
vingt-et-un ; a ung. 22. vlngt-deux;
duh, 23; vinKt-trois; trwa, 24; vlngt
quatre; cattr.
2t>. I am going to the theater.
Je vais^au theatre.
Zhuh vay zo tay-atr.
27. Are you going to the bank?
Allez-vous— a la banque?
Al-lay voo zah lah baunk
25. I am going out: je sors; som
23. Where does he live?
Ou demeure-twll?
Oo dem-eu-hr-te»l.
30. What Is the distance from her© to — T
Comblen y a-tcil d'ict & ?
Kom-bee-yan cc ah teel dee-ce© an.
31. It is about a mile.
II y a environ un mllle.
Eel cc ah-an-vee-rong unff raeeL
S3. I think only 500 yards.
II ny a. je pense, qu© cinq cents
metres. .
Eel nee ah zhuh-pasgs kun sank
sung may-tr.
Note— Miles are not used la Franc*; dis
tances are measured by •¦kilometer*."
33. You must taka a cab to go ther©.
II faut prendre un fiacre pour y aller.
Eel fo prondr uns fee-acr poor c© all
34. Will" you take the streetcar?.
Prendrez-vous le tramway?
Pron-dray voo luh .
35. Let us go to the exchange offlc*.
Allons a la Bourse.
Ahlon zah lah boors 3.
36. Take your umbrella along.
Prenez votre paraplule.
Pren-ay votr para-plwee.
37. $15 change; quinze dollars^,en petit*
monnaie; canz dol-lax zong p'teet mahn
35." The 17th; le dlx-septieme; luh <J©es
sett-ec em. _„
33. The nineteenth time; la dlx-neuvlema
fols; lah deez-nuv-ee em fwa.
41).4 1 ). The twentieth century; la vingtlem©
slecle; luh vant-ee em see-ekl.
Easy Beading Exercise.
The following 13 the proper translation
of the last French exercise:
(1) I have lost my way. (2) Direct m©
to the station. (3) Where 13 the post
office? (4) I will accompany you there.
(5) Thank you. you are too kind. (6) Is
there a drug store near here? (7) Opposite
the hotel, near the news stand. (S> where
does one buy postage stamps? (9> At th©
tobacconist's. (10> When do they collect
from this letter box? (11) Four times a
day. (12) At what hours? (13) At • and 9
o'clock in the morning. (14) At 6 and 8 In
the evening. (15) Where Is the cab stand?
Vocabulary— Cela; that. Prix; price.
Envoyez; send. Demaln; to-morrow.
Matin: morning, a livraison; on delivery.
Caoutchoucs: rubbers. Correspondance.
exchange ticket. Paire; pair. Vlngt:
twenty. Clnquante; fifty.
Read and translate Into English:
(1) Donnez-mol de la monnaie pour cett©
piece de vlrnrt dollars. (2) Quel est le prtx
de cela? (3) Cela vauunn franc clnquante.
(4) Envoyez cela a mon hotel. (5) Demaln
matin. (8) Palment &. livraison. (7) Une
palre de caoutchoucs. (5) Sortez vous? (9)
Conducteur, une correspondance. s'il voua
plait. (10) OO demeure votre ami? (11)
Dans une de ces malsons. je p^nse- (12)
Eh bien, prenons le tramway.
Note— The English translation of this
exercise will be given In the following les
son, which will be published next Tues
day.
Note— These lessons have been prepared for
The Call's Home Study Circle by Professor
Benno Kirschbaum of Philadelphia. They are
Intended primarily for Americans who purpose
attending the Paris exposition." The lessons ln
cluds (1) common French words and phrases, (Z)
easy conversation and (3) simple reading les
sons.
LESSON NO. 4.
QUATBIEME LEOON. KAT-TBEE
EM — -.
Hints on Pronunciation.
1. In pronouncing a French word put
the stress always -upon the last syllab'e.
This stress, or emphasis. Is very slight;
2. Consonants at the ends of words are
not sounded, except c, f, 1 and r. Theso
are generally sounded.
3. The following letters seem to be the
most bothersome to Americans:
g is silent before n, as In magnlflque;
mahn-yee-feek. V
h is usually mute; hotel; o-tell.
qu has almost always the sound of k;
quatre; cat-tr.
Note— As in English, q Is always united
with v. and never stands alone.
r Is harder than In English, principally
at the beginning and the end of words.
s between two vowels is like z; refuser;
rah-fuh-zay.
s at the beginning of a word is hissing;
sept: sett.
th has the sound of the English t;
theatre; tay-atr.
Note— The English th has no equivalent in
French. The sound of "th" does not exist at
all.
w Is generally like the English v; this
letter Is not used frequently.
Note— Students must r.ot give the sound of
the English w to the v.
x at the end of a word Is mute, as doux;
doo. It has sometimes after a vowel the
sound of gs; exemple; eggs-ample.
Note — There are, of course, a yreat many ex
ceptions to thes* rules, which are given here
merely as practical hints for students who are
anxious to get along as well as circumstances
I>ennlt.
As a general guide and for the purpose
of a review we Bhal! now give the twenty
six letters, with pronunciation, whlcn
make up the alphabet of the French lan
guage:
A. ah I '. cc S ess
B bay J zjee T tay
C say X kah U has no ex-
D day L. ell act English
E — Note: For M emm equivalent.
c see lessons N enn V vay
2 airtJ 1. O oh W .double-vay
P eft* P pay X . eeks
G zj-ay Qu Quu V eeyrec
H ash R alrr Z led
Memory Exercises:
Much-Needed Words and Phrases.
1. Money; l'argent; lar-zjong.
2. Sliver money; monnaie d-argent;
moh-nay d*
3. Gold money: de Tor; duh lore.
4. Paper money; billets de banque; bee
yay dun baunk.
5. Change me; changez-mol; Bhan-Jay
mwa,
6. This coin; cette piece; cett pec-ess.
7. Here Is a franc; void un franc; vwa
cee un fraunk.
Note— A franc equals about 20 cents In Amer
ican money, or about 9 pence 2 farthing? Eng
lish money. A centime, the smallest French
coin, is the one-hundredth part of a franc. The
French reckon by francs and centimes. The
principle of reckonlne is very simple. The
American has only to remember that 1.50 means
I franc and 50 centimes; 1.75 means 1 franc and
75 centimes, etc
8. Iron: le fer; falrr.
S>. Gold; Tor: lore.
10. Silver; l'argent; lar-zjong.
11. Copper; le culvre; luh-quee-vr.
12. Brass: culvre-jaune; zjone.
Note— ln French, before every noun the article
must be employed, although frequently omit
ted In English.
11 Steel; l'acler; lah-see-ay.
Note— The names of metals, trees, precious
»tone« seasons, months and days are generally
masculine. There are exceptions, however.
14. Will you have a cup of coffee?
Voulez-vous^une tasse de catt?
Voo-lay voo zoon tass duh kaf-fay.
15. No; I prefer a glass of wine.
Non, monsieur; je prefere un verre
de vin. ,
pray-falrr ung valrre duh
vang. - Viy
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION.
The Call's
Home Study Circle
REASONABLENESS
OF THE TENETS
OF THE CHURCH
Address of Henry C Dillon
on the Subject, "Why I ,
am a Catholic."
Fourth of the Series of Lectures Be
ing Given Under the Auspices
of the Young Men's
The fourth of the series of lectures
being given under the auspices of the
Young Men's Institute was delivered in
Metropolitan Temple last evening by
Henry C. Dillon. His subject was "Why
I Am a Catholic." .
¦ In treating of this theme Mr. Dillon
divided it into three parts. The first part
he devoted to an analysis of the evidence,
from a legal standpoint, In support of the
Christian religion, and he declared the
system could not stand without calling
upon the traditional evidence of the Cath
olic church.
He then took up the subject of Cathol
icism and science, between which, he said,
there can be no conflict If all the acts be
rightly understood and fairly compared
with the truths of revelation. He quoted
from the Vatican constitution where It
declares "The church, far from being op
posed to -the arts and sciences, assists
and encourages them."
Turning then to the practical side of his
subject, Mr. Dillon argued that all the
forms and ceremonies of the church have
a reasonable basis and are all calculated
to stimulate the growth of better men
and women, which, after all, he declared,
is the reform of all reforms. He treated
his subject from the standpoint of a law
yer and a layman.
This part of his address was an argu
ment made in defense of the Christian re
ligion, based upon right reason. Taking
for his major premise the divine origin of
man, he argued that it must logically fol
low that he was created for a purpose,
which he could not fulfill without knowing
what that purpose was, and that this pur
pose God has revealed to man. The Old
and New Testaments are but fragments
of this will, he said, and were written
long after the revelations were made to
the church. He believed It was just as
necessary that such a body as the church
should be created and perpetuated, with
power to declare and interpret this will,
as that the United States should have a
Supreme Court to declare what Is the con
stltulon and give final Interpretation of
its meaning, which all citizens are bound
to receive as Infallible, He claims the
Catholic church has been the custodian of
this will from the beginning, and that tlie
Catholic church alone is competent to tes
tify concerning it; and her decrees upon
matters within her jurisdiction must bo
accepted in the same sense as the de
cisions of the Supreme Court.
"Secular thought and criticism may pull
to* pieces the latest revised edition of the
New Testament put forth by the Protest
ants," he said, "and tear to shreds their
discordant creeds, but their weapons fall
harmless when hurled against the Catho
lic church. Her position is Impregnable,
because she says: 'The sacred scriptures
contain only a part of the Christian re
ligion. It was delivered to me entire by
the mouth of Jesus Christ himself. Lan
the only living witness to all that he call
and did. History shows the continuity of
my life. My testimony has always been
the same. I have never told a He. Perse
cutions have never caused me to vary It.
I am the same witness, yesterday, to-day
and forever. If you want to know what
the Christian religion is you must come
and learn of me.'
"Her marvelous growth and vitality
show that the gates of hell never have
prevailed against her, and never can. The
strong parallel shown between the evolu
tion of truth In the material world and
the decrees of the Catholic church estab
lishing the faith, i. c., truth in the spirit
ual world, affords much food for reflec
tion."
The conclusion drawn by the lecturer
was that evolution in the material and
spiritual world go hand In hand, and show
how wonderfully God has created and pre
served man, and is preparing him for his
immortal destiny.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 1900.
SCHOONER LILA
AND MATTIE IS
A TOTAL WRECK
Consuelo and J. D. Spreckels
Sold— Czarina to Run to"
Honolulu.
Ex-Transport Columbia Purchased by
Government— Captain Rasmus
sen of the Frolic in
- Trouble.
The well-known coasting schooner Lila
and Mattie is now probably a total wreck
In Tillamook Bay. According to the dis
patches from Astoria she went "sshore at
the head of the bay during a southwester.
The tug Harrison attempted to tow her
off, and later the steamer Tillamook came
along and had a try also, but both failed.
Later advices state that the schooner was
got off at high water, but an hour or »o
later dragged her anchors and capsized In
the surf. The crew and passengers es
caped, but the chances are that Ihe
schooner and cargo will be a total loss.
The schooner Sacramento got In trouble
at Tillamook while the Lila and Mattie
was in port, and the crew refused to come
to San Francisco on her. The men tcok
passage with Captain Ostlln and were
aboard the Lila and Mattie when she wjiit
ashore. They worked hard along with the
crew to save the vessel, and succeeded In
getting her off the beach, but when tho
gale came up again and the schooner cap
sized all their labor went for nothing.
There was a strike on the pilot boat
America last Friday, and In consequence
a half-dozen pilots were unable to get to
their station outside the lightship. When
Captain Frank Murphy, who was in com
mand of the America for the cruise, got
aboard one of the deck hands demanded
$40 a month— an advance of $5. The de
mand came as a surprise, and the master
of the boat naturally wanted to know ilw
reason. The answer he got was that tho
Sailors' Union was behind the demand.
Sailors on coasting vessels are as a gen
eral rule getting $40 a month. They have
to handle the cargo and do all kinds of
hard work. When business la slack their
wages are cut; when there Is a rush and
men are In demand they ask and get a
big advance. On the pilot boats the sail
ors get a uniform wage of $35 a month the
year round. They are as well found and
housed as on any private yacht In the
world, and in consequence the strike came
as a thunderbolt out of a clear sky. At
the headquarters of the coast seamen it
was learned yesterday that the strike on
the America was wholly unwarranted and
that the union had nothing whatever to do
with it. Tfte crew of the pilot boat acted
on their own individual accounts and had
no order from headquarters.
"The union is not interfering In any
way with pilot boats and yachts," said the
assistant secretary. "On that class of ves
sels the men as a rule have an easy time
and a uniform wage, and there Is In -sonse.
quence no kick coming."
The Oceanic Steamship Company has
sold two of Its sailing vessels, and in con
sequence the steamer Czarina has been
put on the Honolulu run by the company.
The brig John D. Spreckels has been slid
to the Western Commercial Company
(Bennett & Goodall) and will load for
Guam, and the brig Consuelo has been
sold to Charles Nelson and will load for
Mahukona. The Czarina arrived at Seat
tle yesterday, but will receive freight at
Paclflc-street wharf on the 20th insL for
Honolulu and will sail March 25.
The Government has purchased the
steamer Columbia from the Northern Pa
cific Steamship Company. The vessel has
been In the employ of the transport ser
vice for nearly a year and has been carry-
Ing troops to Manila. A vessel is wanted
for the transport service between here and
Alaska, however, and the purchase of the
Columbia was recommended. She will
make trips during the season neiveen
here and St. Michael, and will thssi go on
the regular Manila run for the remainder
of the year.
Captain Rasmussen of the tug Frolfc It.
In a peck of trouble with his wife. Sun
day the gallant skipper was entertaining
a lady friend on his boat, when Mrs. Ras
mussen put in an appearance. The "lady
friend" fared badly during the subsequent
proceedings. • The Irate wife knocked her
down, and repeated the dose when she got
on her feet again. A third blow sent the
"lady friend" overboard, and then Captain
Rasmussen went over after her. Mrs.
Rasmussen thought both husband and his
friend were going to be drowned, and
promptly fainted. After a lot of explain
ing everything came out right, but Cup
tain Rasmussen was around the front
wearing a very sad and pensive look yes
terday.-
The yacht Verona, formerly the Vega,
has been purchased from C. Thornberg by
Henry Lester, Julius Bach and Arthur
Garob. She will fly the California Yacht
Club colors and will be In commission mxt
Sunday. Herry Lester, one of the new
owners of the Verona, and Eugene Flan
ders, owner •of the new launch Alert,
which is to have her trial trip next Sun
day, are going to the Paris Exposition
next August. ¦ -
F A Moore met with a serious accident
at Howard-street wharf yesterday. A door
fell on him. dislocating his left shoulder
and fracturing his spine. He was treated
at the Harbor Hospital by Dr. Bacigalupl.
The collier Benmohr struck on an un
charted rock while leaving Oyster Bay
last Saturday. She was examined at Es
quimalt, but as there was no appearance
of a leak she started for San Francisco
and -will arrive to-morrow.
Steamer Gaelic in Port.
At 1:30 o'clock this morning the steamer
Gaelic, from Hongkong, Nagasaki and
Honolulu, was reported by the lookout of
the Merchants' Exchange as passing
through the Golden Gate. ->/'-"
f^D "LA ItS I^l^^
f Business
Suits $12.50
, and upward.
I make the best Suits and
charge 25 PER CENT LESS
than other tailors.
Fine Dressy Suits.... *2O
All-Wool Pants $iSiQ
Eainsles Given.
JOE POHEIM,
The Tailor,
1110-1112 Market St.
201-203 Montgomery et.
1 1
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; elves health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
CROWDED NIGHTLY!
IT IS TO LAUGH !
SECOND WEEK of Rice's Laughable Musical
Comedy.
THE GIRL
FROM PARIS
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
PHONE MAIN K2.
Good Reserved Peat ln Orchestra Saturday
Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
CALIFORNIA THEATER, "•££"
All the Children attending »
Thursday's Matin"* will be %
presented with a Beautifully fiL
Illustrated Souvenir Book by E3k m
Palmer Cox of W&9 4 .^n
Tilt BKOWMES aKV?^JS^L
IN FAIRYLAND. jtXT/ OwST
Th<* Maenlflrent Pcenlc t«KJ£*2f
s.nd Spectacular Production %flmMtr
»-hlch will b« {riven on lßlp
Thursday. Friday and Sat- j» Vbt
urlay Afternoons and Thurs- dff \w
day, Friday and Saturday jfUL m\
Nlchts. New Music, Songs. rj
Dances, h : r pe <"lalt!«>s. See the
Fairy Garden; the Fairy — «=*•»—
Ballets: the Living Roses: the Funny China-
men; the Cakewalk Ballet: the Wonderful
Barge; and the Magnificent Transformation
Koene. Reserved Keats— Night, 25c, 60c. 75c.
Matinee, 25c. &oc. Sunday Afternoon, March I*—
"PUDD'NHEAD WILSON." The Excellent
Actor, BURR McINTOSH. as Pudd'nhead.
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
TO-XTGHT AND ALL WEEK.
Tb« Greatest Farce Hit Ever
M&de ln This City.
Never Again
Chronicle ears: " 'N*w Ajraln' Is * hilari-
ously funay farce— most uproariously lively."
Bulletin: "The smoothest acted and brightest
farce of the »ea»on."
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next week, "Diplomacy."
CALIFORNIA^THEATER.
MR. C L. GRAFF Present!
GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS
Of the Wairner Operas and Music Dramaa.
THIS EVENING AT 8:15, DOUBLE BILL!
"SIEGFRIED" and "60TTERDAMMERUNG"
MME. GADSKI as Brunnhllde. MR BISP-
HAM as Alborich and Hajren. HERR ANTON
BCHOTT a« Siegfried, WALTER DAMROSCH.
Musical Director.
To-mcrrow (Wednesday) night. Grand Gala
Performance. A Magnificent Programme, of
Novelties. Reserved Seats— 7sc, $1. $1 60, 12,
12 50, S3. General Admission— Sl. NOW on sale
at box offlce.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
MR. C. L. GRAFT" Presents
EXPLANATORY RECITALS AT THE PIANO
BY MR. WALTER DAMROSCH on the
WAGNER OPERAS and MUSIC DRAMAS.
Friday. March 16. "PARSIFAL"; Saturday,
March 17. "TRISTAN AND ISOLDE." Re-
nerved Seats— Sl 50. General Admission— SL
Now on sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.-
7
*urner ...;.......
iaight ..........
Jattu
.luller. H. F....
>averkos«n .'..••
itrat ton .....••¦•
Clein ........:....
;olch*r. H. C...
80
80
95
103
80
74
114
89
85.4
84.4
79.4
S2.0
45.8
76.4
90.0
90.8
95.0
93.0
89.4
77.4
93.0
74.8
85.0
94.8
92.4
S7.4
76.4
88.0
89.8
80.0
96.8
93.4
8S.4
90.8
96.0
86.8
72.6
76.8
80.0
68.4
70.1
65.0
77.6
S7.6
84.2
75.0
68.4
70.0
71.8
65.1
78.9
86.8
86.2
77.1
73.7
76.6
83.7
68.9
90.5
84.2
7S.4
80.4
K3.4
76.S
si"'"
59*2-5
46
63*2-5
89 1-5
leed .............
rlani« field
Iverett ........"•
luyck .......•••
locker .. I. •....'¦
'ountr •
irooks ..;.......
inborn | ••••
"oulks ..........
Ct«rulft ..........
Jrotherton ..:-..
Yowell .:.;t7.-..:
Valker ..........
Huhm (gu««t).:.
m
90
94
S6
77
65
77
65
95
71
62^4
68.4
69.4
89.0
81.0
71.8
66. 8
75.1
69.2
70.0
63.0
82.5
75.0
56*"
86's
86 2-5
51 •.,.
60
88 2-5
•".
/"¦
-
-•.••
•••;
;¦ •
...|
—
...
...Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 53%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S7V*
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphio — 20
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 69'S
Mexican Dollars 48% 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Combermere takes for Cork
57,667 ctls. valued at $56,130.
Chicago advanced slightly, but; the strength
was largely due to the activity of and firm
ness In Corn. Liverpool was lower and Paris
higher. There was an Increase of 4,250.000
bushels on passage and a decrease of 390,000
bushels In the American visible supply. The
Government report was bullish on Corn, but
not on Wheat. It showed the amount of Wheat
In farmers' hands March 1 at 158.700,000 bushels,
or about 29 per cent of last year's crop, against
198.000.000 bushels, or 29.3 per cent of the IS3B
crop, on March 1. 1899.
The local market was dull and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 95c; milling, 97%@51.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls a. m.— May— 26.ooo ctls,
97c; 10.000, 96% c December— 22,ooo, $1 04.
Second Session— December— 2uoo ctla, $1 01
May— lo.ooo. 97c.
Regular Morning ~ Session— December— 4ooo
ctls. $1 04. May— looo, 97c.
Afternoon Session— May— 34,ooo ctls, 97c De
cember—2ooo, $1 03T4.
BARLEY — Stagnation still prevails and quo
tations are largely nominal. ¦-'•--.
Feed. 75c for No. 1 and 65@72%c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, So@S7%c;
Chevalier, nominal. ' ,
i CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. '
Regular Morning Session— No Bales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Dealers quoted a very dull market
yesterday.
White. $1 1031 Su; Red, 95c@$l 17%; Gray,
$1 07%&l IS*. Black, 97%c<g$l 06.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at 97%c®
$1 02% per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $101 10;
mixed, $I©l 05 per ctl.
RYE— »7%e@sf 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. •
Flour and Millstuffs.
The Carlisle City took for China 14. T70 bbls
Flour.
FLOUR— California family extra*. $3 «®3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 7503 per, barrel.' .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are aa fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Ry«
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 60:
Oat Groats, $4 BO; : Hominy, $3 2593 60; Buck
wheat Flour. $40)4 25; Cracked .Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 60: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60;
Rolled Oats (barrels). $6@7 25; In «acka. $5 750
7: Pearl Barley. $5: Split Peas. $5; Green Peas,
$S CO per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The market ; for . everything under ; this head
ti dull and unchanged.
]]RAN-$12@13 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton.
KEKr>»*TlJFFS— Rolled Barley, $15©17 per
ton; Ollrake Meal at the mill. $26027; Jobbing,
SWMfrZfl;* Cocoanut Cake,' s2o92l; Corn Meal,
Vfi'an tO; Cracked Corn, $23 60@24: Mixed Feed,
?15 60; Cottonseed Meal, $23 per ton. . >,
II AY — Wheat.- . $7®9 for , common to good;
$9 W • for ¦ choice and ¦¦ occasionally ; $10; Wheat
• rid Oat, 16 Mfa9; Oat, $6@B; Barley. $597: Al
falfa. »e@7 W per ton.
fc'Xll A W-20Q.3&C per bale.
, V Beans and Seeds.
There Is very, little doing In either Beam or
Seed*, i Quotations for : both', stand ' the i same.
MEANS— Bayos, $3 30@3 40; small White, $3 IS
4*3 25; large White. ¦' $2 90@3 10; Pinks, ' $2 500
2 X; P.«vl». nominal; Blackeyc $4 35®4 63; But
ters, nominal; Lima,- $5 15@6 25; Pea, $3 209
3 40; Red Kidneys, $3 50®4. ; '.
BEEPS— Brown ..-Mustard, "nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4%@4%c; Flax, ¦$1 90(32 20; Canary.
$%c rer lb for California and . 4c > for Eastern ;
Alfalfn. 9®loc; Rape, 2%@3c; . Hemp, , 404% c;
Timothy, 4©4% c.
DRIED PEAS— Nile*. $1 60®l 90; Green. $1 75
©2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes,! Onions • and Vegetables.
':. Potatoes brought rather, better prices, t Onions
were steady. "Asparagus sold by the box and
CHICAGO. March 12.— Corn took the lead of
the speculative markets at the beginning of
the session, as it did Saturday, and held it
throughout a sensational day. Interest In the
coarse cereal has not been so general In years
as It was to-day. The predictions were made
that the market would follow cotton and "go
wild" within a short time, basing. the predic
tions on the chances of unfavorable conditions
during the planting season. The greater part
of the session- the pit was a struggling 'mass of
frantic men, none more frantic than the shorts,
who were compelled to cover with heavy losses.
Fortunes were made and lost in that wild
scramble for the cereal which the statistics
showed was getting rather scarce In many sec
tions. May opened »i&%cs over Saturday at
36%4i3G%c. The Government report, which
seemed to be the main motive In the upward
course of the market, showea 27,000,000 bushels
more in farmers' hands than there was a year
ago. The quantity on ocean passage decreased
2.208,000 bushels and Is now down to 9,848 000
bushels. The visible increased over a mil
lion, but the supply is now 21,b60,000 • bushels
compared with 34,033,000 bushels a year ago'
The world's shipments were small and Liver
pool' was up %d. This array of Information
furnished the stimulus for the Initial gain and
the awakening of shorts and others. , The
price until 11 o'clock did not vary much from
the opening figures. Then it began to shoot
up. Nothing could stop It apparently and
as the anxious shorts bid higher and higher
men In other pita quit their work to look on
If not to participate. The demand seemed
limitless although the advance carried the
cash article out of line with export bids. May
touched 38@38%0 on the bulge and closed lT4c
over Saturday at 37%®35c. . :
The corn market began to move upward from
29% c about four months ago. Saturday tbe close
was at 36@36%c for May.
The wheat market was dominated by the corn
strength. The statistics were bearish. There
was a large Increase In world's shipments
and on passage and receipts were heavy. Cables
were steady, making about the only Independ
ent support the market had throughout the
session, when It was drowned out of the com
mercial orchestra by noise In the corn pit.
The cash demand was checked by the advance
and altogether the trade was not Important,
being merely a feeble reflection of the corii
market. May opened unchanged at MT43J «(,<¦,
touched 65% c and recovered to 4tf%e, with corn!
closing He over Saturday at 6<>£c4{S<%c. .
The trade In oats was not lmoortsnt, hut
the market was helped by tne corn strength.
May closed X / U r :'»<"- higher at 24c.
Provisions were strong, and the trade broad.
The commission business showed a liberal in
crease and there was some Important covering,
Pork attracted attention, as tli« contract crock
does not exceed 40,000 barrel*. May pork closed
22% c Improved from Saturday, . M*y I«r4 t%c
up and May ribs 10c better.
The leading futures ranged »« follow*; '
Articles— ¦ Open. ' High. I^ow, Closa
Wheat No. 2—
March. .... «H
May (A ¦ M% • et% «H
July 66% €7% 64% %VA
Corn No. S—
March .... .... .... tt'i
May.. • iC% 25% M% »7»^
July '3«% 2»% M% z»%
September 37% 38% 87% 88%
Oats No. I—
May 23% 24 23% J4-
July - 23% 23 22% 21
Mess pork, per bbl—
May 10 90 1110 ID 90 1110
July 1100 11 10 11 00 1110
Lard, per 100 lbs— .
May COO I 07% «00 «05
July 610 4 12%: 107% « 12&
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
May ..6 97% 60S E 97% 6 o.',
July •-.•• 600 6 07% 5 97% 6 07%
Cash quotations were aa -follows: ; Flour
steady: ' No. 8. spring wheat. «2%(864c;^ No t
red, 65%@69c; No. 2 corn. 37«3714c: No. 1 oats.
23?t<ff24c; No. 2 white, . 2*8>27%e ; No. 3 white,
2&%«26%c; No. 3 rye. R5%«57c; No., J barley.
S7i^4l%c; No. 1 flaxseed. .$1 60; . prime timothy
seed. $2 40; mess pork.-per barrel. . $10 20®ll IS;
lard, per 100 pounds, $5 82%C>5 95; short ribs
THE STOCK MARKET.
Trading . In ' securities : wu largely confined , to
two or three stocks on the morning session of
the Bond: Exchange. Hana declined to $8 87%
and Giant Powder. to ?86 50. ;
/ In the afternoon Kilauea advanced to $21 62%
and Giant Powder to $87 50. while Contra Costa
Water declined to $64 87%. • v
The London. . Paris , and < American Bank is
now paying : a semi-annual • dividend )at \ the
rate of $3 20 per share.
The California-Street Railway. Company, will
pay a dividend •of SO cents : per share on the
14th. v ',¦, ¦ ¦* " - ' '¦'¦-'. '-'". ¦¦ --. . '"¦
The Spring Valley Water Company will pay
a dividend of 42 cents per share on the 20th.
The " Mutual - Electric Company paid a divi
dend of 8 cents per share on the Bth.
The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divi
dend of 25 cents on the 15th. » '
The Pacific , and Sunset i. Telephone ¦ companies
will : pay: the .' usual • dividends on the 15th.
STOCK AND i BOND EXCHANGE.
•' ! ¦'. ¦'•; : : . MONDAT. ; March 12— 2 p. \m. \
Bid.Ask. : Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds—' Eqult O L Co.. 3% ST4
4s quar c0up. .114%— Mutual El Co. 11% 12%
4a quar reg.... — 114% OG L& H....— M
4s quar. new. .136 -¦ — • Pac Ga» Imp.. H li
3s quar coup.. 110%— Pac L Co 44 . — '
Miscellaneous— < - SF G * D...: 54 U
TUESDAY. MARCH 13.
Sun rises •••••' '•'••• 6:24
1 Sun sets ..6:IS
Moon sets ..4:3» a. m.
O Time s Time Time Time
£ Ft Ft. Ft. Ft.
'.'¦¦¦ J». L.W ;; . H W Li W H W
M ... 1:43 2.S 1:48 1.1 1:54 0.« 10:42 5.1
14 ... 4:20 1.9 »:S3 8.1 4:30 0.9 11:10 6.S
Ur... 4:55 l.« 11:15 6.0 5:00 1.1 11:35 5.]
1« ... 5:29 I.S 11:57 4.9 5:17 1.4
. H W L W H W L W
1T... 0:00 6.J 6:02 1.0 12:38 4.8 6:65 1.7
18 ... 0:22 5.2 6:3* 0.8 1:20 4.6 «:25 2.0
19... 0:46 6.2 7:12 0.« 2:09 4.4 6:58 2.4
Sun, Moon and Tide.
700 Colorado Southern 6V»
170 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43%
430 Colorado Southern 2d pretd 16« i
150 Delaware & Hudson H^i
W»j Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .lSO
HO Denver & Rio Grande 19%
l.Sli) Denver fz Rio Grande prefd 71%,
«!«> Erie •• 12»*
&» Erie Ist prefd 37%
Jti' U rest Northern prefd 157?*
Hocking Con! 15%
417 Hocking; Valley 33>,s
110 Illinois Central US'*
1,200 lowa Central 14%
?J"> lowa Central prefd 49
Kan«as City I'ltttburg & Gu1f...... 12%
100 Lake -Erie & Western SHi
CuO LMk*. Erie & Western prefd Sl%
Lake Shore 184
l.b'X) Louisville & Nashville &:»*
4.SCS Manhattan Elevated 93%
9.755 Metropolitan Street Railway 16>i^
"''•J.Mexican Central V
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 61
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd S'i'i
16.370 Missouri Pacific 4<>%
Mobile & Ohio i 44%
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10%
L3OO Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 33%
141 New Jersey Central 117
3.650 New York Central 134
7.W5 Norfolk & Western 22"»
2.03S Norfolk & Western prefd 76>^
4,050 Northern Pacific 53%
1,345 Northern Pacific prefd 74%
i,7M. Ontario & Western 23%
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 7«
7,870 Pennsylvania 135
1.450 Reading 17
565 Reading Ist prefd S»
127 Reading 2d prefd 29' i
Rio Grande Western 52
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
St Louis & San Fran 10%
St Louis Ac San Fran Ist prefd 6S
200 St Louis & Pan Fran 2d prefd 34%
910 St Louis Southwestern 11%
5.230 St Louis Southwestern prefd 2«'«
33.360 St Paul 323H
St Paul prefd 172
St Paul & Omaha 109
8.360 Southern Pacific 35%
3.000 Southern Railway : 13?g
3.570 Southern Railway prefd 68%
9,875 Texas & Pacific W*
10.543 Union Pacific 49Js
1,5»5 I'nion Pacific prefd .« *S
Wabash «J»
900 Wabash prefd 21)*,
SOO Wheeling & Lake Erie 10%
750 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 2i
4» Wisconsin Central 17Vi
Express Com;ianles—
....... Adams 11*
American 142
United States 45
Wells Fargo U2
Miscellaneous—
120 American Cotton Oil 33' i
American Cotton Oil prefd 93%
2(W American Malting 5
American Malting prefd 24%
3,<t00 Am Smelting & Refining 39* k
ie 2 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 91
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
2.6C0 American Steel Hoop 36%
10<> American Steel Hoop prefd SO
19,b65 American Steel & Wire 56%
€S0 American Steel & Wire prefd M?b
700 American Tin Plate 33
American Tin Plate prefd 81%
15.270 American Tobaccc 106%
American Tobacco prefd 135
3.965 Anaconda Mining Co 45%
24.755 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 65»4
3.010 Colorado Fuel & Iron 44*j
2.723 Continental Tobacco 3014
170 Continental Tobacco prefd S3
9,W0 Federal Steel 50%
3CO Federal Steel prefd 73%
COO General Electric ? 126%
210 Glucose Fugar rr. 52' i
Glucose Sufar prefd 98
1.100 International Paper 19
200 International Paper prefd 63<i
Laclede Gas 73%
120 National Biscuit 36' i
National Biscuit prefd 90
1.700 National Lead 23%
IS3 National Lead prefd 104
4.<2r. National Steel 45%
l.:S0 National Steel prefd 96
100 New York Air Brake 127%
200 North Amerjcan 14%
Pacific Coast M>%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S3 •
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 60
423 Pacific Mail 3*
3S.CW Peoples Gas SSVi
200 Pressed Steel Car &3
Pressed Steel Car prefd 85%
344 Pullman Palace Car i.153%
&*> Standard Rope & Twine 6"4
•4.100 Sugar 104' i
Su par prefd 107%
4.903 Tennessee Coal & Iron 95%
11.7C3 United States Leather 12>*
M 0 United States Leather prefd 72%
720 United States Rubber 30
173 United States Rubber prefd 94
1.610 Western Union 83%
1.260 Rebublic Iron A Steel 22
100 Republic Iron A- Steel prefd 67
P C C & St Louis 66
515.300 Shares Sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 102%] M X & T 4s 91»;
V S 3s reg 111% N V Central lsts..Ho
US 3s coup 111 1 .; N J Cent gen a 5 ...123%
D £ new 4« reg 136' i N Carolina Cs 127
U S new 4s c0up..136'« N Carolina 4s 106
U S old 4s reg 117'; ('Northern Pac 35.. 66»4
U S old 4s coup HS',4 Northern Pac 45.. 104%
U H 5s reg 116% N V C & S L 45. .108
U S 5s coup 116% N * W con 4s 95%
Dls of Col 3.65s 118 N& W gen 6s 130
Atchison gen 4s 101' i Or Nay lsts 108
Atchlson adj 45.... 82*4 Or Nay 4s 102%
Canada So 2ds 106H|Or Short Line 65. .127%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 97%i0r S Line con 55..U3%
Ches & Ohio E5....118% Reading Gen 45.... 85%
C & SW con 78.. ..142 R G W lsts 98V
C & XWSFdeb C 5.120 SL& I M con 58.111%
Chicago. Term 45.. 94 SLtc S F gen 65,120
D £z R Q lsts 103 St Paul cons 168
DAR G 4s 99 SPC A P 15t5....J20*4
E T Va. it Ga lsts.lOMi S P C & P Es 119H
Erie General 4s 71 So Railway Ss IW4
F W & D C lets... 70% Stand RAT 6«... 72
General Elec 6s 116% Term new set 85... 94
OH&8 A 6s 108 Tex & Pac'lsts....ll2
(i II 4 S A 2d5....107% Tex & Pac 2ds 67
H * T C 6s 110% Union Pacific 45..,.105%
H t T C con 65... 112 ,Wabash lsts 116%
lowa Central 15t5. .114 Wabash 2ds 99
KCP & G liits... 73 West Shore 4s 113%
La new cons 4s — 108 "IWls Central lsts... 90T4
L* N Unl 4s 9S Va Centuries £9
80 Pacific 4s 83% Va Deferred 9
M X &. T 2ds 66' i Colo Sz So 4s 83
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 82iOntario g 25
Crown Point 12iOphir 80
Con Cal Si. Va 1 65|Plymouth 12
I>ea<Jwood 69IQulcksllver 1 60
Gould & Curry.... 14 do prefd 7GO
Hale & Norcross... 26 Sierra Nevada .... CO
Homestake 50 Oft Standard 3 00
Iron Silver 70 Union Con - ... 18
Mexican 22 Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 'Union Pacific .... 49%
Call loans SHS'ljWest End 93
Time loans 4©5 Westlngh Elec .... 42U\
Stocks— ( Wls Cent tf\l
Atchlson 2SV» Bonds
do prefd 67% Atchison t%%
Am Sugar 104»i N E Gas & Coke 5s 70
do prefd 100 Mining shares-
Bell Telephone. ...3l4 Adventure 4.4
Boston & Albany. 24o Allouez Mln C 0...- 2%
Boston Elevated ..117H Amalg Copper 95Vi
Boston Si Maine. ..l 34 Atlantic 24
C B & <i 124? i Boston & Mont 302
Bom Coal 43 Butte & Boston... 67
do prefd 116 Calumet A Hecla..7Ss
Fed Steel 60*4, Centennial 18%
do prefd 73 . Franklin 15
Fttchburg prefd. ..l3l'4 O*ceola 71*1
G«-n El*e 126% Parrot «5>4
«lo r>r*fd 127 Qulncy 135
M»x Cent 12% Santa Fe Copper.. S'/S
N E G«s Si Coke.. IX Tamarack 189
Old Colony 207 THah Mining 29%
Old' Dominion .... 19* i Wlnona 2%
Rubber : 2» Wolverine* 41%
Nc7v York Money Market.
NEW YORK, March 12. — Money on call firm
at 3<4@<S per cent; last loan, 3V» per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4«4@5H per cent.
Sterling exchange steady, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 8634 86*4 for demand and
at $4 82U94 82% for sixty days ;. posted : rates,
*4 SSH'94 84 and $4 87*. Commercial bills.
$4 SlVio4 82. Silver certificates, 60Vi6«lVie. Bar
silver. S9T4C.' Mexican dollars,. 47% c Bonds —
Government, weak; State, ¦ strong; railroad,
ftron s- • ¦¦¦.r:*mSssts£ffSS
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
£00 Beet & Belcher. 41 1000 Mexican 26
500 Best & Belcher. ?) 800 Ophlr S3
4fK) Best & Belcher. 38 400 Ophir 81
200 Chollar 27 K0 Ophir 7*
100 Con Cal & Va..l 72 200 Savage 14
$00 Con Cal & Vr...l 70 300 Sierra Nevada. 66
200 Con Cal & Va..l 67 500 Sierra Nevada. 55
500 Con Cal & Va..l 62 800 Sierra Nevada. 57
6SO Con Cal & Va..l 65 SCO Silver Hill 09
600 Gould & Curry. IS 500 Union Con 22
Afternoon Session,
250 Alpha Con 04 1 100 Con Cal & Va..l 60
250 Alpha Con 03 850 Con Cal & Va..l 57
200 Andes 11 -200 Crown Point...: 13
200 Belcher 27 300 Gould & Curry. 17
1000 Best & Belcher. 36 100 Mexican 27
250 Bullion 04 400 Mexican 2«
250 Bullion 03 100 Ophlr 82
200 Caledonia 94 200 Overman 25
100 Challenge Con.. 21 500 Savage 14
400 Chollar 27 300 Utah 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, March 12—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Gould & Curry. 17 IS
Bld.Ask. Kentuck 01 02
Alpha 03 C 4 Mexican 26 28
Alta ..06 07 Occidental ..... 13 15
Andes 10 12 Ojjhlr 80 81
Belcher 26 •28 Overman 25 27
Best & Belcher. 38 37 Potosl 25 26
Bullion 03 04 Savage 13 15
Caledonia ..93 91 Seg Be.lcher.... 04 05
Chollar 25 26 Sierra Nevada.. 55 56
Challenge' Con.. ¦ 20 "22 1 Standard ..# — 2 80 2 90
Confidence 75 SO Union Con 22 23
Con Cal & Va..l 55 160 Utah 10 12
Crown Point 14 15' Yellow Jacket.. 16 17
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. March 12.— T0-day's stock mar
ket was unmistakably strong throughout. The
demonstrated indifference »t the market on
Saturday to the s=wlft depletion of the surplus
reserves of New Y<Tk hanks took the malnstay
nf the bears from l*-neath them. The demand
from Fh-jrt interest was a factor in the ad
vance in prices, especially In the Industrials,
which have recently t>een undt-r pressure.
There- were - several elements of i>osltive
ptrvr-gth in the market also, but the largest
part at the buying was undoubtedly due to
the effort of the vrofessional element among
the speculators to discount the effect of the
currency Mil. Not only the smaller class of
l>rof*-i=j>ii;nals who have recently had the mar-
Ket to themselves but operators of larger
¦ mold gave evidence of their interest in the
miarket. The demands made by the increased
activity ot the stock market upon the money
market was evidenced In a flurry in the loan
rate to G i*-r cent. Speculators l»ald no atten
tion 10 this admonitory symptom, apparently
convince that the end «f the money market
troubles wa* reached with the enactment of
the new currency law which in to be a«nt to
the President to-morrow. There were occas
ional periods cf dullness in the market, ap
jjarently with a view to testing It. The quick
fubsldence of activity without any reaction in
; rrci and the firmness of the resistance to
decline confirmed the confidence of the bulls
and started prices up again. The closing was
<juite actli'e and strong at near, the top level.
The principal galm were In the active Indus
trials and Hpecialties. Including Sugar, To
bacco, People's Gas, Anaconda, the Iron and
feieel stocks and the New York public utilities
ranged from 2 to over 4 points, tbe latter In
Sugar. In the railroad lift St. Paul was the
leader, both In point of activity and strength,
rising an extreme 2%.. The other grangers, the
Eouthwesterns and a number of the trunk lines
and Southern railroads gained a point or more.
A feature of the trading was the number of
three-day contracts recorded on the tape. In
dicating the expectation of easier money with
tbe operation of the new financial bill. There
was a generous sprinkling of transactions In
fractional lots all through the list. Indicating
an Investment demand, which had no small
part In the feeling of confidence evidenced by
the speculative contingent. A .background of
tci-rr.gth to the whole market was aSorded by
the large absorption of railroad bonds,
especially those of the higher grade. This
must undoubtedly be attributed to tbe pressure I
; for reinvestment of funds which have been ;
rr-alized by investors who have sold Govern
ment bonds at the high prices prevailing, the
dunks buying them to use for security for '
circulation. It ••ems to escape notice that this
is in a measure an anticipatory employment
.of the extended circulation, since the capital j
Of the national banks which has gone for tbe
j.ayment of these bonds looks to bank note
:.s?u«-s for Its release and re-employment. Lon
don was a liberal buyrr of stocks In this mar
ket and considerable •rntimental Influence was
exerted by the larg» subscription* reported to
Ye n.U'2- in New York to the new British loan.
It is argueS that thnre subscriptions indicate
an abundance of capital and they will repre
rent also a quickly convertible foreign ;redlt
upon which the country can draw in case of
reed in the n:oney market. Reports of rail
road earnings tor the first week in March were
encouraßing. A good effect was produce-1 also
by the 6tatcn;«-nt of exports for February ».»
agricultural products, the large increase In
value of cotton experts tor tbe month giving
It the record for February.
Tbe bond market was active and strong
throughout. Total ealee, par value, $2,205,000.
Tnited States .1« (coupon) and new 4s (reg
istered) declined (i: new 4s (coupon) % and the
old 4s !t! t in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Fhares Clorinr
.-¦¦ld. Bid.
:.:20 Atchinon .....;. 2J>4
ZS.'SI) Atchison jirefd 67>V
5.207 Raltimor* & Ohio C2'4
¦ Canadian Pacific 8S
Canada Southern 4}
:.109 Chesapeake & Ohio 28H
211 Chicago Great Western 13?4
18.730 Chicago Hurling A- Qulncy... 125
800 Chicago Ind & Louisville 22
Chicago Ind & Lnuisrllle prefd 64
Chicago & F-astern Illinois »5«4
1.278 Chicago * Noithwestern '..".141*4
4.2CS Chicago Rock Island & Pacific...... 10*W
SO6 C C C fc Si Louis..... »V 4
Shipping Intelligence.
London Market.
NEW YORK, March IS.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London . financial cablegram . says:
There was a happy tone 1 to the markets here
to-day and a light Increase in business for the
new account, ¦ but speculation did not develop
as expected, though contangoes were rather
stiffer. Indicating that speculation is Increas
ing. Interest Is now centered in the war loan,
¦n-hlch has already been subscribed ' twenty
times over. .The London list was closed to
day, but this has not yet been authoritatively
announced. The premium fluctuated to-day be
tween 2\ and 2^, closing at 2»». Consols ranged
between 10114 and 101%. closing at 101 7-16.
Americans opened rtrong and kept firm. Busi
ness In them was brisker than for some time.
New York offered support, especially In St. Paul
and AtchUon, and the closing was cheerful at
the top. . - -tr • ¦;¦ ¦
The contangoes In this department were H
and discount Increased. Both London and New
York bought- Anacondas strongly all day, ¦ but
there was no explanation of the movement.
Tlntos also went up on French buying.
The bank received .£124,000 from Holland and
bought £29.000 In bars.
Time and call money were In strong demand,
all loans due the bank were renewed and a very
large fresh loan nnd discount business "was
done, estimated. at £1.500,000, on account of
scarcity of funds due to war loan deposits.
, The amount of bullion taken Into' the Bank
of England on balance to-day was £153,000.
CLOSING
LONDON. March 12.— Canadian Pacific, 100*:
Union Paclno preferred, 76V4: Northern. Pacific
preferred. .»„¦•;; Atchlson, 22"4; Grand Trunk,
i%: Anaconda. 10.
BAR SlLVER— Steady: 27Hd per ounce.
Condition of Treasury.
•WASHINGTON, March 12.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $303,675,056; gold re
serve, $241,931,049. •> >>-
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. March 12.— CATTLE— Receipts.
18,000; generally about steady. Native good to
prime steera. steady to strong, $506; poor to
medium, steady to slow. $4§'4 85; selected feed
ers, steady, $4 10g'4 75; mixed stockers. slow,
$3 4(VJi3 S5; cows and butcher*' stock, steady,
?3#4 30: heifers, $3 10®4 60; canners', $2 40(fj3;
bulls, $3©* 30; calves, $4 75557 75. Texans.—Re
ceipts, 1500. Texans, steady, S3 90^4 90; Texas
bulls. $3 25<53 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 30,000; estimated to
morrow. 25, OtX>: left over. 1000; strong to 5c
higher; top. $5 02V4: good clearances. Mixed
ami butchers', J4 So®s; good to choice heavy.
14 95«j5 02Vi; rouTth heavy, $1 BO®4 90; light, $4 75
<f?4 95: bulk of sales, $4 So#4 97H-
SHEEP— Receipts. 17,000; sheep steady to
strong; lambs about steady. Good to choice
wethers, $5 50@5 90; fair to choice mixed. $3 90
(ffo 40; Western sheep. $4 50#5 50; yearlings,
$5 !*>@6 SO; native lambs. $5 35^7 50; Western
lamb£. $6#6 75.
Cal-et Cab" 68.117 . — San FrancUcOb <!4 4%-
C C Waf 65.. .106 — Stockton Gas., lv —
Ed L& P iu.lt* — * Insurance— '
F&CI Ry 65.114"115 Flrem's Fund. 226% —
Geary-st X 6s. — 15 Bank Stock*-
HC & S stt"-l<* 1W ¦ Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 89
Do 6s 106H — Bank ot Ca1...402Vi —
L A Ry 55.....105H105H Cal S D & T.. 99*-
L-A LCofi.- — First National. 23o SOa
Do gntd 6a..— — Lon P & A.. .130 —
Do gntd 65..— 103 Merchants' Ex 14 —
L A *P R 05.10214103% Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st €s . . .123% - ~- Sav-lngs Banks-
Do Ist m 55.116V4 — Ger 8 * L..1800 —
NCN G R 75.106 — Hum SAL.— —
NR of Cal 63.113 V;.— Mut Say Bk. 43 —
Do 3s. 106V4107/ S F Say tf. 507% -
NPC R R 6s.lU3>* — Say & L So. 74 78
Do 6s 106%107 Sec S«v Bk. — —
NC R R Es..lOs — Union T Co. — —
Oak GL&H 6s.Hl — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6»..112 112«4 California 119H122
Oak WCo 65.. 105 — Geary-st W —
Oceanic S C 0. .106 108 Market-st Ry.. 62% 64
Om CRy 65..127H1Z8 O8 L t H.... — »«»
P&a Ry 65.. — 105% Presidio 14 1«
Pk tc ORy 6s. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65117 — California ....IB* ISO
Sac LG&R Es. 90 — Giant Con Co.. 87H —
SF & SJV 58.117 — Vlgorit •••••••• 2^ —
8 R of Cal 65. 119 — Sugar Stocks—
BPof A 65. ..11 l '— Hana SP Co.. 8% »»
S P C 6s(lS05)110% — Haw C4SCo 89 —
Do (1906) ....112 113 Honokaa 8 Co. S2H J2H
Do (1912) .... — - Hutch, S P Co. £7 27«4
'Do Ist eg Es. - - KUadea S Co. 21H —
S P Br 65..... 127 12SH Makaweli S Co *S% —
S V Water 65.H3?i114 - Onomea 8 Co. 28 —
Do 4s ........103*4 — Paauhau S Co. 29% 30
SV W 4s(3dm)loo — , m»c»llaneou»- ¦ ¦
Stktn Gas 65.. — — Al Pack Assn.U9H —
Water Stocks— Cal FTult^ssn 99% — •
Contra Costa.. 64% 65H Mer Xx »£, -
»lann «-"iinty. — — Oceanic 3 Co.. 95}4 95^^
Spring Valley.. »8H 99 P«c A F A...- «;,-;
Git & Electric— Pac.C Bor O-147H —
Cent G L Co.. — • — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L &. P... 4tf 4H *
Morning Session.
Board-
SO Contra Costa Water, s 90 ;.... 68 00
60 Contra Costa Water ••••- 66 00
20 Giant Powder C0n........ »8 00
5 Giant Powder Con 8> j™
SO Giant Powder Con «• -5
5 Giant Powder Con •• 8. 00
5 Giant Powder C0n....... f6 »0
I 35 Giant Powder Con 8« 62V4
' 45 Giant Powder Con 86 »a
2CO Hana Plantation C 0.... 9 •/?
115 Hana Plantation Co. s 90 9 2a
10 Hana Plantation Co, s 90 » W>
15 Hana Plantation Co • J CO
15 Hana Plantation Co ,5 Jl '*
150 Oceanic S S C0.\... %> «J .
300 Paauhau S P Co 29 .0
$3000 Sacramento Elec, Gas & Ry.s p c 92 50
5 8 V- Water...... "" 2H? "
10 S V Water ...- ,9, 9 ' I?
$1000 S V 6 per cent bonds ........113 v
Street—
$4000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent b0n(55.105,25
Afternoon Session.
275 Contra Costa Water 60 00
115 Contra Costa Water....... 64 S.}»
80 Giant Powder Con 87 oO
10 Hana Plantation Co » »'»
150 Hana Plantation Co 8 .5
50 Honokaa S Co 32 2j>
15 Hutchlnson S P Co 27 12tf
100 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 00;
ISS Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 oO;
50 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co. cash. 21 50
200 Makaweli : « •*»
£0 Oceanic S S Co - *> 5°
50 Onomea Sugar Co.. £J !~
225 Paauhau S P Co 29 .0
10 S V Water......... |J *?
100 S V Water, s 60 »» 75
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Caribou •'¦ i w
Afternoon. Session.
Board —
100 Home Oil - J J»
50 National • H* 4
60 National 6 .5
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE!.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Barker Ranch '. 115
300 Anaconda '• 50
' Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 San Joaquln I*s
400 Anaconda 50
100 Yukon * «»
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sa;
Stock and Exchange Be
Morning
6CO Belcher 27
100 Best & Belcher. 40
100 Best & Belcher. 39
250 Con Cal & Va..l 65
100 Gould & Curry. 17
50 Hale & Norcrs. 30
1000 Julia 02
1400 Lady Wash 02
1400 Mexican 28
200 Ophlr 84
Afternoon
100 Andes ©61
ICO Belcher 11
200 Best & Belcher. 37
50 Best & Belcher. 3S
100 Caledonia ...... 94
200 Caledonia ; &2j
400 Chollar 2B
EOO Con Cal & Va..l 60*
les in the San Francisco
lard yesterday:
Session.
200 Overman 24
200 Overman 28
200 Potosl 26
300 Seg Belcher 05
300 Sierra Nevada. 65
; 150 Sierra Nevada. 54
ICOO Stiver Hill .... 08
. 100 Union Con 22
200 Utah 11
1 Session.
IJO Con Cal & Va..l 55
600 Gould A Curry. 17
100 Mexican 27
100 Ophlr 81
lOOPotoel 23
100 Sierra Nevada.. 55
4S Sierra Nevada.. S3
100 Utah 11
declined under ' large receipts.. Mexican
Tomatoes sold within the quoted range.
Receipts were 1130 boxes Asparagus, 827 boxes
Rhubarb and 321 ' sacks Peas. • - ¦.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 75@85c; River Reds,
75®S0c; Burbanks, Bo@9oc per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 75c@$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, $2 65 for
Merced; New • Potatoes." 2Vi@3Hc.
ONlONS— Oregons, .$1 75®2 15 per ctl; Ne
vadas. $2@2 28.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 65c@$l 50 per box:
Asparagus,' $I@l 25 per box for No. 2 and $1 50
@2 for No. 1 and $2 25 for fancy large; Green
Peas, 2@4c per. lb: String Beans. 6@loc; Cab
bage, 40@50c;»Los Angeles Tomatoes, 7Sc@sl 23:
Egg Plant from Los Angeles. 8<310c; Dried
Okra. 12i4c pen lb: Garlic, 2&@3%c: Green
Peppers from Los Angeles, ; Dried Peppers.
8@10c; Carrots. 25@3Jc per sack; Los Angeles
Summer Squash. $125 per box;. Marrowfat
Squash, nominal. '
Poultry :and Game.
Three cars of Easten came In and more are
due shortly. • There was no change In local
tock. - - .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll®l2c for Gobblers
and ll@l2c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 75®2:
Goslings. $2 50<&3; Ducks. $4@5 for old and UlfS
for young; Hens, $4 50@5 50; Young Roosters, $6
©7; Old Roosters. $4 50@6; Fryers. $6; Broilers,
$S@s 60 for large and $3 60®4 60 for small; Pig
eons, $1 25@1 60 per dozen for old and $1 i&®2 for
Squabs. ', ..
GAME — Hare. $I@l 25; Rabbits. $1 *>®\?£
Gray Geese. $3; White. $1 25; Brant. $1 .59
2 50; Honkers. $4 per dozen; English Snipe,
$2 So<33; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs continue In demand and a further ad
vance Is noted ,in spite of free recelDts. They
are wanted for coldi storage, the north and for
local consumption. -. . ¦
ButtOT is firm and a fraction higher. Che*se
Is a fraction lower.
BI'TTFR—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 21®21%c; seconds,
l^fi^Oc
Dairy— Fancy, 19c; good to choice, 16H@Uc;
common, nominal., ¦ ,
CHEESE— Choice mild new. S^S^c; old,r7Hc:
Tonne America. 9OT10c; Eastern, 15@16c; West
ern. 13'i@15c per lb. \ .-/_
EGGS-Quoted.at 13®13V4c for store and 14©
16c per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and \ Citrus Fruits.
Five' cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy .Navels. s>6s to 112s. $2 75; other
Bizes, ¦$1 2002 30; choice. $1 15©2 30; standard,
70c@$l 45; seedllnss, 50c®$l 10.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— »O®7Sc per- Box for common, $1®
1 i"0 fur good to choice ami $1 75<52 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50@2 75
per box; Seedlings* 75ci?i$l 50; I'omelos. .ociC
$2 50; Lemons. $I@l 50 for common and $2@2 60
fcr good to choice; Mexican Limes. fc> o0^6:
California Limes. .60S>75c: J Bananas. $1 25@2 50
per bunch: Pineapples, $3 50^4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 4®4V4c for
40-50's. 3«T3Hc for 60-CO's. 3834 c for 60-70- a.
3%c for 70-80" s. •3c for 80"90s and 2%c for 90
lOO's- Apricots, 11®12%c for Royals. 12V4®15c
for Moorparks and 12@13Hc for Blenheims;
Peaches sH®6c for Standards,- 6MiQ6\c for
choice and 7®Bc for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10®
l2V4c- Evaporated' Apples, 6®7c; Sun-dried, 6Q
S%e Wr lb; Nectarines, B@9c: Pears. 3V4SHHc
for dark and 708 c for bright halves; Black
Fits 2@2Hc; White Figs. 2®3c; Bleached
Plums S«T9c: unbleached Plums, 7©7H<J for
pitted "and lHc for unpltted.
KAlBlNS— Bleached Thompson"s— Fancy, per
lb 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 8c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy per lb, B%c; choice, 7%c; standard. 6Uo;
prime' sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
Eo-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 6%c;
3 crown S'iic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown* $150 per box; 3-crown, $160. Fancy
Clusters' $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
""NUTS— Chestnut?. B@9c; Walnuts, 8&9o for
standards and 9©loc for softshells; Almonds,
Il>-,1i12c for paper shell, 94? 10c for soft and 4Q
6c 'or hard shell; Peanuts, 6%4T6»4c for Eastern
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, 7H@Bc; Fil
berts. 12@12V4c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
'SIOJiET— Comb. 11%@12c for bright and 10H8
lie for light amber; water white extracted,
7^c: light amber extracted. 7Vi©7}4c; dark,
S^fi^c per lb.
11EESWAX-24526C per lb.
Provisions.
There Is nothing going on In this market to
change quotations.
CUHED MEATS— Bacon. 9Vic per lb for
heavy. 9%c for light medium. 10Hc for light. 12c
for extra light. and 13c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13@13«4c; California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra
Mess $13: Family, $14; extra Prime Pork. $14 50;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; Smoked Beef, lie
P< LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%@7c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
gu™ 10-lb tins. S%c; C-lb tins. 9c r
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7T4@SJ4c per lb; 10-lb
tins. SVic. ¦¦VC'-^'j* ¦
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
10}4@llc: medium. 9'.4@10c; light, 9Hc; Cow
hides. 9Hc: Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Calf,
9u.Gloc; Dry Hides, sound. 18c;. culls and
brands. lD@l6c: Dry Kip and Veal. 17c; Dry
Calf 19ig20c; - Sheepskins, yearlings. 15@30e
each; short Wool, 35#60c each; medium. 70@30c;
long' Wool $10125 each: Horse Hides. (2 25-3
2 75 for Urge and 75c@$l 75 for small; Colts, 500.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5@5%c per lb; No.
! 4&4Hc; refined, 6Uc; grease, 2H@3c.
WOOL— »
Fall clip. San Joaquln plains 9®loc; South
ern 8®10c; Middle County. ll@13c: Humboldt
and' Mendoclno. 17020 c; Eastern Oregon,- 13®
16c - Valley Oregon. 18@20c; Northern Mountain,
free, ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective. 10Q
lie per lb.
HOPS— «HOIOc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs still sell at the high prices, though
dealers report ample arrivals. Other descrip
tions are unchanged.
BEEF — 6%i&7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6^®Bttc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers.- 7&@Sc; ewes, 7@7Hc per
lb "
LAMB— Sprtr.*. 10c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%@6c for small and me
dium and s%®s?ic for large ; stock Hogs and
feeders. SVlffaHc; dressed Hogs, 7@BVfcc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 85; Calcutta
Grain Bags', ' 6%<er6Hc: ¦ Wool Bags, 2S<,i®32i4c;
Fleece Twine. 7V4c.
COAL— Wellington. $* per ton: new Welling
ton JS: Southneld . Wellington. 17 50: Seattle,
$8 DO; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay, $5 GO; Wallsend.
JS; Co-operative Wallsend, $8;- Scotch, ;
Cumberland, $12 In -bulk and $13 60 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13: Cannel. $11
per ton: Coke.' $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6Hc; Pow
dered, RHo; Candy Granulated, 5Hc: Dry Granu
lated sc; Confectioners' A, 6c; Magnolia a.
4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Oolden C. «He; barrels. l-l«c
more; half-barrels, %c more; boxes He more;
60-lb bags ' He more. <No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or ' lt« equivalent. . Domlnoa.
hftlf-barrela, 5%o; : boxes, «o per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY.' MARCH 11
Flour. Qr 5k5..... J.4IJ Sugar, eks 1,000
Wheat, ct'.s 67.640 Hay, tom 641
Barley -ctls.. 3.806 Wool. bags.. 3
Oats et15.. ....... 1,030 Pelts bdl« 815
Corn. ct15......... Hides,, no 17«
Rye ct15....:..... 300 Cheese, ct15....... 127
Tallow ctls 457 Butter, ct15....... > S6B
Beans, sks... - 070 Lime. bbls.. 455
Potatoes ska 3,329 Eggs. do» 18,050
Onions, sks 85 Leather, r0115.... 107
Bran sks "..".. 425 Wine, .ga15........ 27,406
Middlings, sks... i; 685
OREGON.
Flour qr Bks.'... 2S,SS2|Onlons ............ JO4
Potatoes, Bkß 2,7S9tßran, aks. 1,820
On , the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was strong;, creamery, 19@2*',4c; dairy.
16@22c. - Cheese, firm. 12013 c. E«». eas >':
fresh, ISHo.
Charters.
The Ir.vrresi was chartT*! prior to arrival
fcr wheat to Europe. 36s S4.
The W. H. Ditaond !o»iis merchandise for
Booaiolu.
The H«nee Rlckraera load* lumber at Che
njalr.us for Cork. 7^s SJ; or Usndoa direct. SOs.
Pacific Coast J'csscls.
The Commercial N>»« has issued its regular
annual e<l:tlon of the vessels owned on the
l'aciflc *\.a«. It is a complete directory of
ail tor.r.sge owned here and shows a net gain
fjr IS?S of 7?.3!S toes. To ail persons Interested
la shipping it is a valuable pamphlet.
Money in Circulation.
AoconJir.g to a treaaury siai-n.«-nt the money
In circulation in the I'nlted States on the
l»t of March was a& follows:
Gsld coin »6)1.J.".«53
silver dollars 65.159.954
Bmali silver 74.792.310
Ooid cerl!fl--«t«s 151.2t0.337
Silver certincaies 400.103.457
Trefcturv notes 55.54i.127
Vnited States notes 3i5.341.366
Currency certificates 15.270.(«0
National bank notes 245.73&,551
Total $2,002,331,791
In 1&» 1,9:5.t.42,612
Increase J74,C55.179
There was a net decrease in Feb.mary •¦;
J7.000.00G in gold coin in circulation. There
It Sl6.ouo.oliu more United States not«?.» out than
there was a year ago. The per capita of cir
culation is J2S S3.
Weather Report.
<i:Oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 12—5 p.. m.
The following are the teasona.l rainfalls to
date aa compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfall in last twenty-four
Last This Last
Stations— 54 hours. Season. Season.
Ke4*Blaff"I""II"-II*!" o!oo IS.4J U. 38
<>0.0 Ii.CT T. 95
*-an Francisco 0.03 17.M h.vZ
Fresno ".00 7.U1 3.90
Independence 0.00 2.1€ 1.15
t~ar\ Luis Obispo 0.00 1«.«1 '.li
I. < Angeles Trace S.ai 2.HS
!^hii Dir-gc «.W 3.12 3.73
Vttma o.ou tt.^ 134
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
71; minimum. El; mean. Cl.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tbe iTPFsare has fallen slowly along the
Fouthern ami Ontral i'ariflc Coast. There has
been a marked increase in cloudiness through
out «"»lifornia. A trace of rain is reported at
Isyt Angeles and renditions are generally favor
able for foe Tuesday murning along the coast
and also in the valley*. The temoerature has
remained nearly eiatiotiary west of the Kocky
Mountains. In the Kan Joaquln and Sacra
mentu valleys the temperatures are about 10
degree* above the normal.
Forecast made at Han Francisco for thirty
hottra ending midnicht March 13:
Northern < •alilornm— cloudy Tuesday, with
fog in the morning; light northerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday, with
fi-g along the <-<>a!<t: light westerly winds.
Nevada— J-'air Tuesday.
rtah— Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Pair Tuesday.
£an Krani-isio and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday,
with fo? in the morning; light northerly chang
ing to westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
. Forecast Official.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Time Ball.
Branch ' Hydrographlc Office, V. B • N Mer*
MaTch'l'.^T*' San ..r™*** C.1.,
The time ball on the tcwer of the new Ferry
building. was dropped at exactly noon tc-day— ¦
1. c. at noon of. the 120 t h. meridian -or at I
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. - - "
' -•'¦ -•"V ¦ : •- .* ¦- C. . O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U.S. N.. In charge
LADIES AT BATTLES.
Man-Killing Spectacles That Go Off
. : Like a Play.
It la reported from Ladysmlth. say»
London Truth, that Boer ladles, drtsaed
in their best, gather every Sunday after
noon on the hills which dominate the be
sieged.town to witness the bombardment.
ThTa is not by any means the first time
that women have attended the battlefield
an spectators. In La.nfrey's "Hlstolre da
Napoleon I" occurs a passage which pur
ports to be -a conversation which Napo
leon had with Las Casas: "Riding; with,
her* (his mistress) one day In the middle
ot our • positions In the environs of th«
hill of Tenda. -while reconnoitering a»
commander ,' of ¦ the artillery, the- notion
suddenly occurred to me of: treating her
to the spectacle of a little war. and I or
dered an attack of advanced posts, wa
¦were the conquerors. It is true, but ther»
could evidently be ho result- The attack:
was a pure fancy, and yet. some men fell
in it. I have bitterly reproached myself
with this affair whenever it has recurred
to me.". Many of our fashionable ladles—
hard-eyed,' loud-voiced. firm-stepped, over
dressed, in the day and underdressed at
night— might not object to be present at
a battle. Had they lived In Roman times
tht-y could have witnessed these and hu
man sacrifices in the arena— but then
there were no opera glasses. Now that
we have opera glasses we have no gladia
tors and no martyrs!
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morninic tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the . last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides. : as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are 'In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference In the mean of the lower low waters.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
AVer York Exchange advanced. Silver unchanged.
Fair trading in local securities.
Ji'hcat and Bprley dull and unchanged.
Less demand for Oais. Corn and Rye inactive.
Hay and Feed stuffs quiet at prrsious prices.
Very little doing in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes and Onions arc firm, ivhile Vegetables are weak.
Butter firm; Cheese weak. Eggs higher and active.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry in.
Five cars of Oranges auctioned at good prices.
Provisions slow and unchanged.
Plenty of Hogs coming in.
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 1900,
•Ides (loose), $5 90®6 15; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6K@«^c; short clear sides • (boxed).
$6 15@6 30; whisky, distillers 1 finished* goods,
per gallon, .$1 24;, sugars, cut loaf,:- unchanged;
granulated, unchanged. • '•-'¦'
Articles— .. v . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 93.000 62.000
Wheat, bushels 61,000 53.000
Corn, bushels 439,000 115,000
Oats, bushels '... :...... .435,000 ¦¦¦'. 154.000
Rye. bushels ; 7.000 7,000
Barley, bushels 126,000 19.000
SPECIAL SALE
SWITZER'S STOCKYARDS,
12th and Harrison Streets,
THIS DAY.. X
TUESDAY March 13th,
at 11 o'clock.
60 HEAD BROKE AND UXBROKB HORSBB..
from 5 ter 8 years old; weight from 1000 t«
1600. " SULLIVAN * DOYLE.
Auctioneers. .
. AUCTION SALE
£a> £a £v
TO-MORROW.
WEDNESDAY, March 14. at U CCloek.
AT GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 SIXTH STREET.
40 head good gentle Horses, suitable for iH :
purposes. Horses guaranteed. ; Must be as rep-
resented or money refunded.
• • SULLIVAN 4 DOTLB.
AUCTION, THURSDAY, B £*
CARLOAD OF DRIVING AND DRAFT
HORSES. Without *Jmlt or Reserve, at U a-m.
¦ 2170 MARKET STREET.
TO SAIL.
New York Grain and Produce.
C'T.-r ' LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar.- May. July.
Opening 6 10 6 8% 6 8=54
Closing 5 10 6 9 5 S'A
' ' PARIS.
Wheat— . , . . Mar. May- Aug.
Opening 19 90 20 80
Closing ......................... 19 90 ¦' 20 S3
Flour— ' :< '"(''"¦
Opening 25 80 26 SO
Closing 25 90 2-5 !*»
New York ': Metal Market.
NEW YORK, March 12.— Trade In metals con
tinued slack. %
IRON-Dull.
COPPER— Quiet at unchanred prices; $16 25.
TlN— Very dull, closing $34 60 nominal against
$34 75. the closing figures of last week.
LEAD— Quiet at unchanged prices, $4 iO@4 .5.
SPELTER— RuIed easier, closing with sell
ers at five Dolnts under the outside. Drlce of
last week, the final quotations to-day being
$4 6E<2>4 70. .
The market was quiet without feature. The
brokers' price for lead was $4 45 and for copper
$16 50.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. March 12.— The statement of
the visible supply of grain In store and afloat
on Saturday, March 10, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is ac follows:
Wheat. 63,698,000 bushels, decrease 385,000;
corn, 21,080,060 bushels. Increase 1,394.000; oats.
6.016.000 bushels. Increase 41.000: rye. 1.710.000
bushels, decrease 6000; barley, 1,060.000 bushels,
decrease, 159,000.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. March 12.— Consols. 101 7-16; Silver,
27% d; French rentes. lOlf 77% c; wheat cargoes
oft coast, t nothing doing; cargoes on^ passage,
nominal, unchanged: cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 29s 6d: cargoes Walla Walla, 2Sd:
import Into United Kingdom, wheat, • IM.OW;
import Into United Kingdom, flour, 272.000;
wheat and flour on passage to United Kingdom.
3,090,000; wheat and flour on passage to Conti
nent, 1.150.000; Indian shiDments wheiit to
United Kingdom, none.
LIVERPOOL. March 12.— Wheat In Paris,
steady: flour In Paris, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 9-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, no stocks; futures. quiet.
March. .5s lOd; May, 5s 3d; July, 5s £%d.
CORN— Spot, firm. American mixed, new,
3s 10t;d; American mixed, old. 3s 10% d; futures,
steady. May. 3s 9%d; July, 3s 9%d.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, March 12. — The wool sales were
continued to-day with offerings of 9495 bales.
Prices for good wools showed a small Improve
ment and a large quantity of Queensland gee
long roarlnos were in demand. The American
buyers purchased the best geelong clipped.
Crossbreds were fairly represented, the home
trade taking the bulk. New clipped Punta
Arenas In good condition showed a small de
cline under the Dcce...ber rates. The catalogues
offered were moderate and the attendance good.
The French and' German buyers secured the
most of merinos.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. March 12.— Clearings, $405,493;
balances, $75,977.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. March 12.— The wheat market In
Portland shows but little change since last
week.' For Walla Walla 52c Is quoted as about
the export value for No. 1 and 53<g54c Is paid for
the same grade where it Is wanted for a special
purpose. Valley Is easy at 51@52c.
Cleared — British bark Ktngfarms for Queens
town with 59,500 bushels of wheat.-
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 12.— Wheat values are In
creasing with better, demand from millers.
Bluestem, C2c; club, 50% c.
NEW YORK. March 12.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20,360 barrels; exports. 19,499 barrels; quiet. Buy
ers had little confidence In the wheat advance,
and. therefore, bought sparingly, refusing to
meet any advance over old prices. Winter
patents. (3 60@3 85.
WHEAT— Receipts, 100,000; exports, 155.532
bushels; spot firm. No. 2 red, 77c elevator;
No. 3 red, 7Sc f. o. b. afloat in store; Xo. 1
Northern Duluth. 79c f. o. b. afloat prompt;
No. 1 hard Duluth. 79'ic f. o. b. afloat prompt.
Options opened steady on a liberal foreign buy
ing, and afterward, developed a strong advance
on the extraordinary upturn in corn, which
continued as the leading bull influence all day.
Shorts bought freely at this advance and the
unexpected decrease In the visible supply fig
ures also had an influence. Closed firm at >-i
@fie net advance. May. 72 7-16@73 3-ltfc. closed
73c; July, 72%672'jc. closed 72?ic; September,
COFFEE: — Options closed steady, ..with prices
10 points net hither: total sales, 27.750 ba«:»,
including: March, $6 70; May. $S «5(g6 70; July,
$6 7O0»j 75: September. $6 So®6 S5; October, $6 85;
December. $7 03(57 10; February. $7 15. Spot
coffee — Rio,' dull; No. 7 Invoice. BVic nominal;
No. 7 jobbing, S\c; mild, quiet: Cordova, 9@l4c.
SUGAR— Haw, firm; fair refining, 3T4c: centri
fugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 3 11-lCc.
Refined, quiet and steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 7638 packages, firm; June
creamery. lSiu!3%c; Western creamery, 20@25c;
factory. 17<&'2Oc.
EGGS — Receipts, 4570 packages, firm; West
ern at mark, 14%<g143ic.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples continues
quiet, with only a small jobbing business.
Prices at the close were unchanged. Califor
nia dried fruits, dull but steady.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4%tfa r s%c; prime, 6{j6',4c; choice, 7©7% c; fancy,
7»i@S%c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%S7c per
pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13«?15c; Moorpark, 15(gl8c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18®22c; unpeeled, 7%@9c.
Chicago Grain Market.
United . States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights Of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
" Francisco ¦ Bay. Published by official au
thority'of tbe Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes . later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. March 11.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Nopander. 41 hourm from
Cayucos.
Schr Reliance, Rasmussen. 7 days from Men-
Monday, March 13.
Stmr Ruth, Lundqulst. 43 noun from Port
Los Anseles.
Stmr Pomona. Alexander. 61*4 hour» from
San Dle™o, etc
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, M hours from Moss
Landing.
CLEARED.
Monday. March 13.
Stmr Bonita. Nlcolson. San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. a __
Stmr City of - Puebla, Thomas. Victoria:
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br ship Clan Graham. Mclntyre. Queenstowa.
Schr 2 John G North. Austin. Honolou: Hind.
Schr Metha Kelson. Rice. Klhel: Alexander
* Baldwin. baxm3x
Monday. March IJ.
Stmr Del Norte. Allen .
Stmr Carlisle City. Altken. San Diego and
way ports.
Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolson. San Pedro.
Stmr City of Puebla. Cousin*. Victoria an*
sfmr Crescent°Clty. Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Westport. Ericsson. Usal.
Stmr Sunol. Green. Grays Harbor.
Brie Pltcalrn,,Nesbltt.. Cap« Nome.
SPOKEN. " - -
Feb 22. lat S2 N. lon 1» W— Br ship Haddoa ,
Hall, from Oregon, for Yokohama.
' MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Arcata— The whistling boor *t
Blunts Reef »s adrift.
MISCELLANEOUS.
VICTORIA. March 12— Br stmr Benmohr.
from Oyster Harbor for San Francisco, struck;
an uncharted rock In Tiincomall Channel. Is
now anchored In Royal Roads. Vessel Is not
leaking and will proceed to San Francisco
without docking. Later— Th© above steamer
sailed from Victoria for San Francisco at S
P m " TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 12. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW. velocity « mllea.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed March 13— Schr A 4» '
rr.iral. for San Francisco. ;
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived March 1*— t
.Haw stmr San Mateo. from Nanalmo. '
OLTMPlA— Arrived March 13— Schr Joseph i
Russ. from Port Townsend. ;
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 11— Schr
Defiance, from Honolulu.
PORT HARFORD— SaiIed March 12. at noot*-
Stmr Alcazar, for Port Los Angeles.
COOS BAY — Barbound March 11 — Stmr Ens- .
P SAN DlEGO— Arrived March 12— Schr Ethel
Zane, from Olympla; Italian war stmr Cala
bria, from Acapulco.
Sailed March 12— Ger stmr Hathor. for Saa.
Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 12— Stmr Czarina, ,
hence March 8; schr Francis Alice, hene» March :
6; bark Germanla, hence Feb 22; schr 8 T Alex- j
ander. hence Feb 17; schr Mildred, from Port;
Townsend.
Sailed March 12— Jap stmr Klnshlu Mara.:
for Yokohama.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived March 12— Stmr Se- I
quola, hence March 12.
ASTORlA— Arrived March 11— Stmr Oeo VT
Elder, hence March 9. March 12— Br stmr ;
Strathsyle. hence March 9.
Sailed March 12 — Stmr Homer, for San Fran-
EUREKA— SaiIed March 12— Schr Maxim, for
San Francisco; stmr North Fork, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Lacuna, for San Francisco: stmr
San Pedro. ¦ for San Francisco: stmr Bruns
wick, for ; stmr Orizaba, for Saa Fran
cisco. FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— BaIIed Feb 17— Br ship Brodlc*
Castle, for Puget Sound.
GUAYMAS— Arrived March 10-Senr . Daunt
less, from Grays Harbor.
ACAPULCO— Sailed March 11— Stmr Colcn.
for San Francisco. March K>— Stmr Pern, for
Panama.
MANlLA— Arrived March 11— Schr Nokomls*
from Port Gamble.
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived March 6— Qer shl»
Renr« Rtckmers. from Hloco.
FALMOUTH— Arrived March 10— Br ship AW
mora. hence Avar 31.
TYNE— Arrived March 4— Br «t»tp I4judo»
Hill, to load for San Francisco.
LOVER— Passed March 10— Br ship City et
Eenar»s. from London, for Saa Francisco.
ANTWERP— SaiIed March . Br ship Idas;
George, for San Francisco.
NANAIMO— SaiIed March 11— Br stmr Man
auense, for Mahukona.
Arrtved March 12— Nor stmr Tltanla. from
Port Los Angeles.
• • OCEAN STEAMERS.
NAPLES— Arrived March 12— Stmr Ems. from
New York, for Genoa, and proceeded.
GENOA— Arrived March 12— Stmr Aller. from
PLYMOUTH— Arrived March 13— Stmr Rot
terdam. ¦ from New York, for Rotterdam.
Board —
8
Steamer.
Due.
Washtenaw;.... Tac0ma....... ..1....... Mar 13
Wellington^'..... Oyster Harbor ;.... Mar' 13
Hathor .... Hamburg...."..: Mar 13
£ 1( ?Jl*,;v Crescent City.. Mar. 13
Robt. Adamaon Xanalmo.. Mar U
Newbur* ... Grays Harbor...... Mar. 13
8an, Pedr0. .".... Humb01dt.'......;......... Mar. 13
VB««n:. Victoria * Puget Sound Mar. 14
Gaelic China and Japan .1 Mar. 13
Orizaba Humboldt.. Mar. 13
Empire Coo» Bay Mar. U
B-nmohr Oyster Harbor Mar. 11
Willamette .... Seattle ....: Mar. 13
Proxreso T.icnma Mar. 13
Homer Portland. .:...¦.... Mar. U
U'wa Bay Newport. Mar. v
Matteawan ' Tacoma Mar. U
Pamoa Humboldt Mar. 14
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. IS
Ueo. W. Elder. Portland Mar. U
Corona San Diego Mar. H
Mackinaw ...... Seattle '. Mar. !•
Bonlta ..." Newport Mar.lt
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Mnr. 11
Arcata' Coos Bay Mir. H
Czarina- Piijret Sound Mar. 29
North Fork HumboJdt Mar. 20
Pomona San Dlejro Mar. U
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 13. 13 m!PW 11
Aloha Crescent City. Mar. 13, i pm|Pier 1
l-omoni .... San Diego.:... Mar. 14. 11 am f ler 11
State of Cat Portland '. Mar. 14. 10 am Pier U
Newburg-.. Grays Harbor Mar. 14. 12 m
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 15. »am PW i
Ctty Peking China & Japan Mar. IS, 1 pmPMSS
Homer Oregon Ports. Mar. 15. 19 am Pier V.
Orizaba Humboldt — . Mar. 13. 2 pm.'Pler S
Coos Bay... Newport Mar. IC. »am|Pierll
Queen ...... Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. J7. 19 am|Pler S
Ft Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 17, 2pm Pier 3
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 17, 10ara!Pterl3
Corona San Diego Mar. IS, llamlPler U
3. W Elder Portland Mar. 19. 10 amlPier 24
Newport ... Panama Mar. 19. 12 m'PMS3
Bonlta iNewport IMar. 20. »am!Pl*rll
Steamer.
Due.
Washtenaw;.... Tac0ma....... ..1....... Mar 13
Wellington^'..... Oyster Harbor ;.... Mar' 13
Hathor .... Hamburg...."..: Mar 13
£ 1( ?Jl*,;v Crescent City.. Mar. 13
Robt. Adamaon Xanalmo.. Mar U
Newbur* ... Grays Harbor...... Mar. 13
8an, Pedr0. .".... Humb01dt.'......;......... Mar. 13
VB««n:. Victoria * Puget Sound Mar. 14
Gaelic China and Japan .1 Mar. 13
Orizaba Humboldt.. Mar. 13
Empire Coo» Bay Mar. U
B-nmohr Oyster Harbor Mar. 11
Willamette .... Seattle ....: Mar. 13
Proxreso T.icnma Mar. 13
Homer Portland. .:...¦.... Mar. U
U'wa Bay Newport. Mar. v
Matteawan ' Tacoma Mar. U
Pamoa Humboldt Mar. 14
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. IS
Ueo. W. Elder. Portland Mar. U
Corona San Diego Mar. H
Mackinaw ...... Seattle '. Mar. !•
Bonlta ..." Newport Mar.lt
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Mnr. 11
Arcata' Coos Bay Mir. H
Czarina- Piijret Sound Mar. 29
North Fork HumboJdt Mar. 20
Pomona San Dlejro Mar. U
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 13. 13 m!PW 11
Aloha Crescent City. Mar. 13, i pm|Pier 1
l-omoni .... San Diego.:... Mar. 14. 11 am f ler 11
State of Cat Portland '. Mar. 14. 10 am Pier U
Newburg-.. Grays Harbor Mar. 14. 12 m
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 15. »am PW i
Ctty Peking China & Japan Mar. IS, 1 pmPMSS
Homer Oregon Ports. Mar. 15. 19 am Pier V.
Orizaba Humboldt — . Mar. 13. 2 pm.'Pler S
Coos Bay... Newport Mar. IC. »am|Pierll
Queen ...... Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. J7. 19 am|Pler S
Ft Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 17, 2pm Pier 3
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 17, 10ara!Pterl3
Corona San Diego Mar. IS, llamlPler U
3. W Elder Portland Mar. 19. 10 amlPier 24
Newport ... Panama Mar. 19. 12 m'PMS3
Bonlta iNewport IMar. 20. »am!Pl*rllALAMEDA, March 12.-An . infur
iated cow nearly killed two men
at the spring pasturage ranch
which adjoins Joaquin Miller's
place, on the Redwood road, yester
day. Antone Galindo, a ranch-hand,
was tossed high in the air and badly
gored, while William Thompson -of
2219 Knclnal avenue, this city, was
knocked down and trampled upon
until his .body was a mass of bruises.
Thompson's' body was covered with
lacerations as a result of contact with
the hoofs of the animal, and Gallndo
received a frightful' gash in bis right
leg.
Thompson, with his wife, spent the
day with Mr. and Mrs. Gallndo, the
latter being Mrs. . Thompson's daugh
ter. They started to drive home at 7
o'clock in the evening. In order to
reach- the road .they had to pass
through an lnclosure containing a
number of cattle, among , them & cow
with a young calf. The cow followed
a Great Dan* owned by Thompson,
which acompanied ¦ I his - master, but
when Thompson sot out of the buggy
.....FOR '.'
CAPEJOME!
Steamship SAN PEDRO
(BiUlt In 1899.)
¦ Capacity 1000 tons. All modern - '.*-••
' conveniences for 'comfort. Elec- .
trie lighted throughout.
v Sailing; From ¦ ...
SAN FRANCISCO r
NOME DIRECT
May 15j 1900
This company will have Its own
complete equipment for. the safe
and expeditious landing of passea-
rexsand carso on arrival at Noam.
¦ .s For Freight and Passenger
Rates Apply to
GAPE NOME STEAMSHIP GO.
'.; (H. R- DTJBTIM & CO., G«a.'l A«entsJ..
10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
Knights of Honor.
' Yerba Buena Lodge at Its' last held meet
ing received two applications and initiated
one candidate. . ; . ' .
Liberty Lodge,. as a result of Its last
given smoker, received fourteen applica
tions and several more have been prom
ised. ¦: - - -
The grand dictator has returned from
an official visit to the lodges in Fresno,
Merced and Modesto. He reports them
all in good condition, and says that all the
people of that section of the country want
at this time is a little rain.
During the past week Grand Dictator
Archibald visited the lodge In Monterey;
where he assisted in the initiation of can
didates. Grand Reporter Johnston* was
In Salinas, assisting the lodge there. \
To-morrow night Friendship and Leland
Stanford lodges will pay a fraternal visit
to Liberty Lodge, and it Is announced
that there will be a first-class progamme
of- entertainment.
Terba Buena Lodge will give a social ia
the social hall of the Alcazar building on
the night of the- 19th inst.
Woodmen of the World.
Last ; Monday . night ' Golden Gate, Camp
No. 64 received the applications of twenty
Individuals- who desire to be known In
Woodcraft. : Their ¦ applications were '¦ re
ferred to committees on investigation!
The social committee is busy arranging
for the camp social entertainment to be
given on the night of: the 19th Intt. after
a short business meeting. There will be
a good vaudeville programme.-
Technicality Overruled.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
WOODLAND,' March 12.— The attorney
for contestant in 'the Keithley will con
test to-day made a motion to Bet aside
the verdict on the ground that the fore
man of the Jury did not sign each of the
findings separately. The motion .was de
nied. ¦ . ¦ ... ...
Hospital for Pasadena.
PASADENA. March 12.— Philip Armour,
James Swan, H. C. Durand, James King,
C. B. Scovllle and J. W. Hughes have all
agreed to give $2000 each to build a Pasa
dena hospital. Mr. Armour is the or
iginator of- the plan. -
Died at Cape Nome.
OAKLAND. March 12.— News has been
received here of the 'death at Cape Nome
of Dr. Thomas M. Jordan, a young den
tist who went to Alaska two years ago.
Dr. Jordan contracted typhoid pneumonia
and died in five days. -He was graduated
from the Oakland High School and later
from the dental college of the University
of California. Deceased was a son of
former Mayor John T. Jordan of Seattle
Fred a Jordan of the Hotel Crellln Is a
brother. Other relative* reside in Wash
ington.
passing through Trincomalie channel op
her way from Oyster Bay to San Fran
cisco, the steamer Benmohr. a collie
chartered to replace the wrecked Miami'
struck an uncharted rock on Sunday nlsht
off the shore of Callano Island, and not
far from Active Pass. She did not rub
heavily, in fact merely glanced* the rook
but it was thought advisable to stop her 4
and report the circumstance to Lloyd's,
under whose direction a diver's cunrcy
was had. resulting in the report this e\en-
Ir.g that the vessel is perfectly seaworthy
having been merely scratched.
LEFT A FORTUNE OF
A MILLION DOLLARS
DUBUQUE, lowa, March 12.—Arch
bishop Hennessey's will, which was filed
to-day, bequeaths all church property to
his successor: gives 150,000 for the erec
tion of a theological seminary here, insur
ing its completion: directs that all the
buildings of the Sisters of Visitation, on
which he h*"ld incumbrances. be given
them free of debt; (fives his sister and hia
brother the home which they live In and
an annuity, and makes bequests of 51f«X>
to £500 to various societies and persons.
The remainder of the estate is divided
equally between the Sisters of the Holy-
Ghost, the University at Washington and
Dubuque Seminary. The Archbishop's
private fortune is said to aggregate about
$1,000,000, and more than half goes to the
three Institutions named.
Only One Beaten Favorite.
NEW ORLEANS, March lI.— L. T. Ca-
ton. which received strong support from
the Texas contingent, was the only beaten
favorif to-day. The track was fast.
Results:
Bix and one-half furlonr* — Alex won, Anera
second. Belle of Orleans third. Time. 1:22.
Seven furlnnr*. tellinc— Cotton Plant won. L.
T. Caton second. Free Lady third Time. 1:23.
One mile, nel'.ing— EUmore wen. Tom Kings
ley second. Bequeath third. Time. 1:41?;.
One and one-quarter miles, handicap — Sidney
Lucas wen. Prince of Veronla second. Arthur
Behan third. Time. 2:08. • ¦ • •
One mile, felling— Fran grlhje won. First Past
second, Rursell R third. Time, 1:42 H.
Six furious*— Bertha. Nell won. Mouseletod
second, Maggie Davis third. Time. l:l»'i. .
SAN DIEGO'S PROTEST.
Objects to the Reduction of Duty on.
Mexican Stone.
Special Dispatch to The CalL _:V*
WASHINGTON. March «.— Congress-
man Xeedham to-day presented, to the
Treasury v Department the protest of the
San Diego Chamber of Commerce against
the ruling -of the Treasury Department
permitting the admission of Mexican
stone at a reduced duty of 10 per cent
ad valorem. .The ruling Is declared by
the Chamber of Commerce to be an un
just discrimination against local quarries.
The stone is used by the Government in
the extension of the jetty In San Diego
harbor.
SICK HEADACHE
NAVAL COMMANDER
NICHOLS IS BURIED
Solemn Masonic and Military Services at the Funeral of the.
Late Captain of the Monitor Monadnock. / :
BCHOOKER VOLANTE ¦' salto April Ist for
NOME and TORK. ' The captain haa had long
: experience In Bering; Sea and promises to land
:'. a» early as Ice will permit. Chaace to proa-
> sect Islands oa . the .way If - Aastrabl*/ For
•?j freight or m—w«w apply on board. CAPT. M.
WHITE. Bulkhead, between Mlsstoa - and
Howard ata. - - . -
Two New Divorce Suits.
' OAKLAND,' March 12.— Annie Klo3e ¦ to^
day commenced suit against Emll A. Klose
for a divorce on the ground <of desertion.
The defendant is " an , electrical , engineer
residing' in San Francisco "-¦ at ¦. present.
¦William O. Howe also filed suit to-day for
a divorce from A. B. How* on tha ground
of crualtar. * :-¦ ;:> : ,^- % •',>- '^t^^^B^^lM
PASO ROBLES 0 3
WILL CU/ttC nHKUMATI9M.
BLOOD. LIVER. ' KIDNET : aad STOMACH
PISORPJB& Ele«aat hotel accomrno-iatiooa.
Famous mud baths Bprtal round-trip rebats
ticket*. Apply FRASK W. EXT. Asesa. MU
lutbt ac
* A young woman In London . has for
some years . carried on the , business of
Index making-. During - that period . she
has trained lin hen office - forty ! women
index makers, and she has Indexed such
works as Nansen's "Farthest , North."
"Science of Internationals Law." 486 yoU
umes '. of : history, and numerous papers
and periodicals. .According to- this -en
terprising woman indexing affords a field
for women workers that Is as yet unoccu
pied. It is her belief that the feminine
intelligence is particularly . successful - in
this -line, and -that - she has found her
pupils : patient, enduring, accurate and
conscientious. - - Moreover, • : women* well
known 1 tendency ¦to jump to conclusions
here becomes a legitimate exercise, a* a
quick intuition has a great value la suc
cessful index making.— Exchanga.
Title to Postoffice Site.
OAKLAND,* March 12.— Letters were re
ceived at .the Oakland Board of Trade
rooms' to-day,* conveying the -Information
from Senator > Perkins . that * there has
been considerable delay • in proving . the
title of the Postofflce < site. ; and that as
soon as this can be accomplished plans
of the proposed ' building will be forth
coming. The abstract of title to the site
was forwarded to the - Attorney .Gen
erar by United States Attorney Frank L.
Coombs last Friday.: : ' >
to open the rate she turned her atten
tion to him.- She charged furiously
at him. knocking him to the ground
and then rolling him over and over
with her horns and hoofs.
Galindo , and another ranch-hand
who witnessed Thompson's predica
ment ran to his assistance. At their
approach the cow went at Gallndo
with her head | lowered and bellowing
loudly. She caught him between her
horns and tossed his body high in the
air. When Galindo descended the sharp
born of the Infuriated cow penetrated
his right leg, cutting a long gash.
Before the cow could do further
damage the , other ranch-hand \ man
aged to rope and tie her up to a fence.
Thompson : had to be assisted " into
his buggy when all the _ danger had
passed. A physician > was summoned
for Gallndo and his ° wound was
dressed. . The femoral 'artery was
barely missed by the cow's horn point.
Had It penetrated a trifle deeper and
punctured the artery the wounded man
would have : bled .- to death before as
sistance could have arrived. -. ~ .
Death of William B. Tyler.
- ALAMEDA, ' March 12.— William B. Ty
ler, son of the late ex-Judge George W.
Tyler and a. former resident of Alameda,
died at his borne in Mill Valley this morn
ing. He had not, been* in good health for
some I time, ¦ and death was the result of
a complication of diseases. Deceased was
a native ' of San Francisco - and -41 years
of age. He leaves a mother. Mrs. Alia
Tyler of Portland. Or., and a .brother,
George M.Tyler of this city. . »
ANGRY COW TOSSES
TWO ALAMEDA MEN
BRITISH FORTIFICATIONS
ON CANADIAN BORDER
Representative Sulzer Asks for In
formation Regarding Esqui
malt Operations.
WASHINGTON. March 12.—Representa
tive Sulzer of New York to-day intro
duced the following resolution:
Resolved, etc. That tb« Secretary of War
is hereby directed to inform the Houcc of
Representative* a* early v possible what
fortifications Great Britain i» erectln*, con
uructins and corspleting alone the northern
frontier of th« United State*, e»pecially at
Pue*t Rouwi and other place* on the Pacific
Ocean eontlruoua to the State of Washlnrtoo
ani District of Alaska.
CAPTURED MANY SEALS.
Budget of News Brought in by
Schooner Mary Taylor.
VICTORIA, B. C. March 12.— The seal-
Jng schooner Mary Taylor haa returned
to Port San Juan with 700 sealskins from
the epring hunt. She reports the Vm
brina with 4«0; Dora S*«-ard with 203;
Hatsie with 153 and Annie E. Paine with
ISS. The Umbrlna had loat two hunters,
an Indian and a Kanaka.. In rouch weath
er off Cape Mendocino.
The sealing schooner Ocean Rover was
towH back to port to-day, having been
rrlppled by a storm off the Qufen Char
lotte coast which *wept i><;r decks clean
and carried the mate overbc*rd with the
pear. He managed to board the ve».«el
mith the returning i«well and no llv* were
]o*t. The Rover is damaged about $2000.
H. M. S. Arethu?a* a new acquiFltion
to the naval strength at EsaulmaJt. is
expected to reach here by March 28.
Struck a Rock.
B. C. March 12.— While
DEATH CAME AS A
SOLACE TO F. J. KANE
OAKLAND, March 12.— Frank J. Kane,
for the past twenty-three years a member
of the local wholesale liquor firm of J. J.
Hanifin & Co.. died : this morning at his
home," 1710 Grove street, after an j illness
of o'-n- a year. He was a native of Ire
laud. aged 49 years and came to thl»
State thirty-eight ye«rs ago. A widow
survives him. The funeral will take place
next Wednesday morning.
FIGHT TO A DRAW.
"Mysterious" Smith Fails to Defeat
Young Maboney.
NEW YORK, March 12.— Young . Ma
honey of Philadelphia and- "Mysterious
Billy" Smith fought twenty-five rounds to
a draw to-night before the Hercules Ath
letic Club. Aiahoney proved to be ex
tremely clever as a boxer and blocked
splendidly. Smith failed to land, except
occasionally over the left kidney and the
ribs. Had Maboney been able to punch
a little bit he certainly would have won
easily, as he got Smith frequently, but
the blows had no effect other than to
cause Smiths- mouth to bleed.
In the preliminary . Dan Dougherty
knocked out Steve Flanagan, the Phila
delphia bantam, in the tenth round
Flanagan had to be carried from the ring
and a doctor's aid was called In lo revive
him.
Field Left a Good Estate.
OAKLAND. March 13.— The last will and
testament of Arthur H. "Field, who died
in- Haywards recently, was filed for pro
bate this afternoon. The estate is value J
at about $30,000 and is bequeathed to tha
widow. : '•-?* ¦ . . .
Estate of D. L. Smoot.
OAKLAND, March 12.— Laura "W. Snjoot
to-day filed for probate the will of her
late husband, "David I* Smoot, who died
February 12." leaving an estate valued at
$2200. The. widow Is named as sole devisee
and executrix.
SEEKS HIS FEE FROM
ONE WHO DISAPPEARED
' OAKLAND, March 12.— The peculiar fea
ture of an attorney . suing , to recover a
fee from a former client he defended on
charges of crime, and whose whereabouts
is unknown to him. Is presented in a auit
brought In the Superior Court of tliis
county to-day by Charles Blenman- of
Tucson. Ariz., against Rudolph Y. Cole.
The complaint recites that in March. -1836,
Attorney $ Blenman . defended Cole on
charges of burglary and grand larceny In
the Criminal Court of Arizona, and that,
!n writing. Cole agTeed to pay him a fee
of $500; that Cole paid him but $100 and
still owes $400, for which amount plaintiff
seeks Judgment. Attorney Blenman as
serts that since being freed Cole has dia
appeaerd. and that his present where-*
abouts is unknown. .-¦--,•.•",:".: :^"
WELCH WILL REFEREE
NATIONAL CLUB FIGHTS
• Jack "Welch has been agreed upon by
the representatives of the Butler-Stelzner
and Royle-Herrera fights, which will take
place before the National Athletic Club
on "Wednesday night. Welch is well
known here as a referee, his biggest fight
being the Hawktns-Dixon mix-up at the
Mechanics' Pavilion.
H. Gerhardy represented Butler and
Fred Edwards spoke for Steizner. Nearly
every referee in town was mentioned be
fore a final selection was made.
EBELL LIBRARY PRIZE
OFFER IS WITHDRAWN
OAKLAND. March 12.— The Ebell Soci
ety has withdrawn Its offer of $1300 to the
library trustees toward prizes in the build
ing architectural competition. This is the
reply of the ladies of the library commit
tee. Mrs. R. P. Gleason and Mrs. F. B.
Glnn, to the recent decision of the trus
tees declining to accept the conditions im
posed with the tender. The ladies desired
that a committee on plans be named— one
member by the Ebell. one by the, trustees
and the third to be J. B. McChesney.
principal of the Oakland High School.
There were also other conditions which
did not meet the approval of the trustees.
In their communication to the library
board the ladies state that the donor of
the $1500 has declined to make good his
offer because he does not favor the plan
of competition outlined by , the trustees.
They have made a selection of two archi
tects, with J. C. Rowell, librarian of the
University of California, as an advisory
board In the selection of a plan. Invitation
having been extended to a number of
architects to compete. The' board ha 3 of
fered $750 in prizes.
SECOND CONCERT BY
MUSICAL CLUBS
BERKELEY. March 12.— Tho ' musical
clubs of the University of California gave
a very successful concert In. Hearst Hall
this afternoon. Each number called for
several encores, which were enthusias
tically greeted. The programme was as
follows:
Rhine wine sons (Mendelssohn), Glee Club
trio, violin, cello and piano, "Flesca,'* Messrs.
Poheim, Kuster and Goodenow; "Berkeley
March" (Brooks and Demon), Banjo Crnb;
tenor solo (selected). Frederick S. Knight: "In
terrupted Serenade" (Stair). Dv Ray Smith and
Glee Club: monologue, "Troubles on the North
err. Trip." Richard W. Tully: "Lea Adieu"
(Sarasate):. Charles E. Parcells "95, accompanied
by Miss Beatrice Ruseell: "Son* of the Night
ingale" (Zeller), Mandolin Club: "Wandering
Singers' Patrol" (Clark), Glee Club.
Fleawurt. Palatable. Potent. Tasta Good. T» Good.
HeTer Slekea. Weaken, or Gripe. 10c. 25c. jiv Writ*
for free sample, and booklet oa health. Address
****>m% \Ummtj tafa,, CkJ*a«^ *•• tr.U, 9*. Teri. J»«
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEAN
OAKLAND BOY GETS
OFFICE IN HAWAII
OAKLAND, March 12.— Word comes
from Honolulu that Maxstoh Campbell,
son of Fred M. Campbell, ex-State Super
intendent of Public Instruction, haa been
given an excellent Government position in
Hawaii. The Interior Department has se
lected him for supervisor of streets, road«»
and bridges. Marston Campbell was born
and educated in Oakland. He was one of
the i best civil engineers hereabouts,' and
went to Honolulu in the employ of Cottun
Brothers, ¦who held a contract there from
the Government. . :
MANY ENTRIES FOR
MIDWEEK STAKE DRAW
Fine Lot of Hounds Will Chaso the
Hares at Union Park on .' '
Wednesday.
¦ The draw for the midweek coursing at
Union Park was held last night at Pyth-.
ian Castlo, the regular prizes being of
fered.- The stake Is exceptionally large
this week, there being sixty-four entries.
The draw is as follows:
W". P. Hohb'a Mercy May V 6. - Maber &
Reid's Nellie Bawn; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael
vs. Aeneld Kennels' Agamemnon; M. London's
(rt<une*> Hick* vs. J. P. Thrift's Forg-et: J.
McEnroe's Stromboll vs. Jeff Martinet's Sally
Brass; S. Mahoney's Chief of the Hilt vs.
M. London's Battle Ax; J. R. Smith's L«dy
Sears vs. T. J. Cronln's TbornhHl; Maher &
Reid's SintWon vs. R. Strehl's Jlmmle Cook;
J. Mooney's Silent Treasure vs. J. R. Smith's
Victor Queen; J. Carroll's Auckland vs. J. Mul
ler's Rox: J. R. Smith's Master Davenport
vs. J. McEnroe's Nor' west: M. J. O'Neil's Pat
Rellly v*. Curtis & Son's Cash; J. P. Thrift's
Tired Out vr. D. Winters' Risky Attempt: J.
\V. Heintz'a Rußtlc. Beauty vt. F. A. McComb's
Mottrt; R. L. Taylor's 1 names) Torment vs. R.
E. de B. Lopez's Dairymaid; J. Muller's Mar
guerita vs. J. P. Thrift's Tar o' Hill; S. E.
Portal's Louise vs. J. McEnroe's Admiral
Sampson; F. A. Gaffney's Fal»» Flatterer vs.
Erwin & Lyon's f liver Wins!-: P. Doyle's
Wild Monarch vs. Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas; J.
Rouning's (nameo) Demjisey . Lass vs. R.
Strehl's Three Cheers; E. CaMeriy's Lady
Blanche vs. Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Erin; W.
Cramer's Jesse Moore vs. W; R. Steven's
Artificial: F. A. McComb's Raid Pasha vs. J.
M. Halton's (name?) Lavender: Pasha Ken
nels' Re-Annex vs. R. E. de H. Lopez & Son's
AVonder; if. London's Mapnetto vs. D. Winters'
Random Ann; Curtis & Son's McKlnley vs. J.
H. Smith's LanchaEire Lass; Aenejd Kennels'
Athena vs. Georgre Ehmann's Target; J. Tal
bot's Black Rock vs. J. Munane's Wildwood;
Jeff Martenet's Slim vs. S. Malioney'aN'elMe G;
Jeff Martenet's Buxton vs. Curtis & Son's
Fhadow; J. Smith's (names) Workman
vs. J. L. Ross' Just Tip; J. Carroll's Blue Stone
vs. R. L. Taylor's (names) Rowdy Boy; R.
E. de B. Lopez's Mlnnewawa vs. J. Horn's
Bona Fide. <• .
Trains wilt leave Third and Townsend
streets at 10:15 a. m. and 1: 2", r>. m.
HE IGNORED A
PRESENTIMENT
TO HIS SORROW
William Van Haltren Falls
From a Scaffold Narrowly
Escaping Death.
»
Brother of the Famous Baseball
Player Seriously Injured While
at Work oA New Ma
sonic Hall.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. March 12.
VTilliam. Van Haltr-n. a brother of the
famous "somh paw" bast-ball player,
isnored a presentiment he had this morn-
Ing and nearly lost his life this afternoon.
Hu escape was miraculous and he gays
that hereafter he will never again give
bad omens the "go by."
Wh*n Van Haitren. who is 40 years old,
left his home at 5034 Washington street
this morning to resume his work a? a
lather on the new Masonic Hall on Peralta
ftrwt. near Seventh, he had a presentl
ni<>r.t that almost Induced him not to
mount the scaffold to-day. He felt that
If r*e did he would stand in imminent dan
ger of death or come great injury.
But he ignored this feeling and bravely
resumed hi? labors.
This afternoon he was taken to the- Re
ceiving Hospital, where Drs. Porter and
Stratton reduced a bad fracture of the
right arm below the shoulder. A board
of the scaffold on which Van Haltren stood
working had given away and the lather
fell a distance of over twenty fe*.t, strik
ing on the Joist below. He was pir-ked
•up unconscious and it was supposed he
had struck on his head and that nis skull
wa.« fractured.
"I will never again in all my life Ignore
bad omens. When I started to work this
morning I had a presentiment that tome
thtr.g pretty serious was going to happen
to me If I mounted that scaffold, but I
pave it the go by and here I am. with a
broken arm. It's a wonder I wasn't killed.
No one can ever make me believe there's
nothing In presentiments."
e:x months ago. He underwent a course
of treatment at the springs immediately
after his batt?e and it benefited him
jrreatiy. In his training he shows that
he is as active as ever and with more
"steam" behind his punches.
A few days ago Major Mite watched
the big fellow at work, and being lm-
COUNCIL FROWNS ON
PLAYGROUND PROJECT
OAKLAND, March 12.— The proposition
of establishing a children's playground in
Jefferson square was defeated to-night,
when the City Council adopted a resolu
tion dlrectingthe Board of Public "Works
not to make any changes In the square or
convert any portions of the same Into a
playground. »¦
The City Council to-night also author
ized the Board of Public Works to enter
into a contract for the boring of another
w?ll on the Roberts property and conduci
i another test for a municipal water sup
ply. Ordinances appropriating the neces
sary $1500 for the expense and calling for
bids for well-boring were introduced.
The City Attorney was Instructed to pre
pare an ordinance regulating the erection
of bill boards in this city, fixing a tax of
5 cents pcr ¦ square foot per year on the
same, regulating the heights of the board*
and placing in the' hands of the Police
and Fire Commissioners the. powe' to
grant permission for such erection and li
censes, f¦. : ¦
modest that when he sees a camera' he
hides from view. He bars them from his
training quarters while working, for fear
a picture of his form will j^ve his oppo
nent an inkling of his figHting powers.
Butler claims to be in splendid condition
and I? confident of winning. He has im
proved materially since his last visit here
and will try and prove his right to go
after the champions r>y handllv defeating
Steizner. Jack Welsh, the well-known
sporting man. has been chosen to referee
the big contest.
"Crockey" Boyle and Harrera will box
twenty rounds as a preliminary to the
main event. Both lads are ambitious
clever and unusually hard hitters. Boyle
will undoubtedly be th« favorite in the
betting, as he fought two draws with the
famous "Kid"- Broad and al?o defeated
Boland. the only man who ever lowered
the "Kid's" colors. Harrera has met and
beaten the best men in the southern part
of the State. He Is shifty on his feet and
can assimilate a punch. Their bout will
be unusually interesting, as they are the
leading lightweights at present on this
coast. l
pressed with his own prowess as a boxer
challenged Stelzner to do battle. At first
Jack refused, fearing he might injure his
hands on his redoubtable opponent but
in^ S °/C/ Ce v, lnl 2 the arena h y lhe boa st-
J}^ of his diminutive challenger he
S2SES, f7f 7 tfc \ b °«. Major Mite also
prepared for the fray, and with G.
* a ".y. Blodes as referee they opened
hostilities, in the first round the honors
were even, both men sparring at long
a-stance but ready to take advantage of.
an opening. Trainer Edwards nearly put
the major at a disadvantage during the
ft !l \ U i, te reSt b l' deiu^ in - him with water
s?PiVj, c seco " d Major Mite fouled
fctelzner and the three-hundred-pound
refers admonished him ¦
The fight became so fierce after this that
h«?» P ° £?¦ 6te PP^ In and stopped th
bout. ••Hirum" Blodes. in behalf of the
mm A J°r--KKJ °r--KK cd * f< i r a r *t u "» match. Man
ager Gibbs of the National Club is likely
««. M rs L nn * c * battle - as he believes it
would be a drawing card. Major Mite
fights after the style of "Terry" McGov-
Joe Butler, the colored pugilist. Is bo
Oakland Office San FTancisco Ca'l,
1118 Broadway, March 13.
WITH full military, naval, civic
' and fraternal honors the funeral
of the late Captain Ezra Nich
• ols, U. S. N., commander of,
the monitor Monadnock, was held to-day
from the Masonic Temple. Detachments
of marines and sailors from Mare Island,
the veterans of the Grand Army, Masonic
brethren and city officials took part In the
obsequies, which were conducted with im
pressive solemnity. • *
The casket, draped with a large Ameri
can flag and covered with floral offerings,
lay In state at the temple this morning,
until the services began, at 11:30 o'clock:
There was a large assemblage of mourn
ers, the lodge rooms being thronged with
friends of the deceased warrior.
The services were conducted by, Oakland
Lodge No. ISB of Masons, the following of
ficers officiating: Master, Theodore F.
Mock; senior warden, John A. Brittor;
Junior warden. Wi T. Hamilton; senior
deacon, A. L. Black; junior deacon, Georpi
T. Burtchaell; chaplain, R. R. Lloyd; ty
ler, W. B. Ingersoll; stewards, 3. G.
Thomas and F. J. Lea: marshal, D. \V.
Standeford. During the ritualistic services
the temple quartet, composed of George
H. Carleton. Ben Clark, Alfred Wilkie ard
Henry A. Melvin, sang "Sleep Thy Last
Sleep." "Go to Thy Peaceful Rest" and
"Good-night. I Am Going Home."
Major E. A. Sherman delivered an elo
quent eulogy, giving a biographical iketcli
of Captain Nichols with reference to bis
naval career and his Masonic affiliation.
"Not long after Captain Nichols' death."
said- Major Sherman, "it was learned that
his remains were to be brought home to
receive final honors. It was announced
that Captain Nichols was a brother Mason
and that he had at one time expressed -..
desire that in case of bis death he would
like to have his brethren of the Mystic
Tie drop the sprig of acacia, the
emblem of the soul's immortality, npon
his coffin where he was to be laid to res*.
"Being constantly on the move all over
the waters of the golbe, with no perma
nent residence until he should be retired,
the opportunity .to affiliate with and enjoy
the fellowship of his brethren In a partic
ular lodge had been denied him; but In all
humane Masonic -. duty to be performed
upon the ocean or with brethren stranded
in port his heart, hand and purse have
ever been open with full fraternal sympa
thy and material aid and succor." 3
The funeral procession was headed b7
a platoon of police in charge of Captain
Petersen. Captain H. C. Davis. First Lieu
tenant D. P. Hall and Second Lleutenutit
R. M. Cutts commanded the marine de
tachment of the bluejackets were In
charge of Lieutenant Cavanaush. Com
mander Bowman and Lieutenant Burrage
had general charge of the naval detach
ment. The honorary " pallbearers were
Captain Alien, Lieutenant a Commanders
Phelps, Collins and Nicholson. Medical In
spector Bradley and Ensign Roys from tin
navy; George H. Smith and Major E. A.
Sherman from the Masonic fraternity. Su
pervisor John Mitchell and Judge Samuel
P. Hall from Alameda County, and Co'in
cilmen F. K. Mott and Edwin Meese from
the city.
Mayor R. W. Snow, H. D. Rowe, presi
dent of the City Council, and Coundlmen
Barstow and Lemmon- marched In th«
funeral procession. The line was ciost-d
by Company A, Veteran Reserves, Lieu
tenant Darneal commanding. -
At the grave in Mountain View Ceme
tery' Oakland Lodge of Masons held ser
vices, which were concluded by, Oie firing
of. a volley by the marines.. .
Ifmmvely enred toy UMtO '
little Pills.
'The? Abo relieve Distress from TJyspeprth,
ladigestict? and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet ready tor Dixzine**, Nausea, DrotnU
DOS, Bad Taste to the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Piin In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowcii Purely Vegetable. .
Small Pin, BmaUDoBe.
Small Price.
liMiii
Need careiul lanndering 1 , or they won't
look any better than cheap ones. It's 30
: easy to ruin good linen in a laundry. We
take the necessary time and pains to re-
; turn your washing in perfect condition
and laundered in the best possible man-
ner. .
United States Laundry. OfTlo*
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
: Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh 3t
Diminutive Actor Made Things Warm
for the Heavyweight
Joe Butler and His Opponent Ready to
Enter the Ring--J ac k Walsh Will
Be Referee. •
JACK FTELZNER, the popular local
heavy-weight, trill box Joe Butler of
Philadelphia twenty rounds before
tha National Club at Woodward's
Pavilion to-morrow night. That tho
battle wfi] be wra on its. merits is evi
denced by tha amount of preparation both
pugilists have undergone during the past
three weeks. They are to-day in gplendiu
fettie and when they respond to the
"gong" on Wednesday night they will be
ready 't* put up a battle that will afford
excitemect for the most blase follower of
the ring.
Steirner Is much heavier and stronger
than when he fought Gus Ruhlin nearly
MAJOR MITE AND BIG
STELZNER DID BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,- MARCH 13, 1900.
ROWDIES PUT
TO FLIGHT BY
HER SHOTGUN
Plucky Woman Shoots -Into
a Crowd of Roughs Who
Dare Her to Fire.
Mrs. A. Brendenmuho, Wife of a
Fruitvale_Florist, Drives Off a
Gang of; Miscreants Who .
Persecuted Her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. March 12.
Because a crowd of rowdies Invaded the
gardens of A. Brendenmuho, a florist, at
Upper Fruitvale. yesterday afternoon, and
refused to peacefully depart, Mrs. Bren
denmuho made a plucky attack upon the
mob oi unruly picnickers, routing them
by sending a couple •of charges -from a
shotgun in their direction.
The florist's wife was alone at home
when the miscreants on mischief bent
piled into the gariiens, which are' filled
with valuable. plants. The trespassers be
gan to tear up Mowers and to wreck the
place. Attracted by their depredations
Mrs. Bror.rienmuho went forth to drive
off the intruders, but moral suasion; was
without avail. The crowd jeered at the
defenseless woman, and dared her to
come on.
'She was unable to find any- men to go
to the rescue of tho plants and to disperse
the gang. As a last .resort she decided to
try something stronger than words. Re
turning to the cottage, the florist's wife
got a shotgun, loaded both barrels and
marched forth upon the crowd. ¦
A hundred feet from them the woman
stopped ar.d cried;
"You must leave this place at once or
I will shoot.*' s •¦¦.'.
"Oh, that isn't loaded." •
"You don't know how to shoot."
And jeers and laughter came from the
crowd, ¦
They did not realize that they had a de
termined antagonist, even if there was
only a woman with whom to Weal. Exas
perated beyond measure. Mrs. Brenden
muho raised the gun to her shoulder and
"bang, bang." Both charges ffew in the
direction <>f the crowd, which took flight
so quickly that before the smoke from tha
gun had blown away fifteen or twenty
young men woro tearing down Fruitvale
avenue a3 quickly as they could go. Resi
dents of the district hay* appealed for
protection from the crowds who commit
depredations there on Sundays.
HL ILAft I trtw
BESTFORTHE
BOWELS
If 700 bi»ca'» a mrular, healthy nsorement of the
. bowels erery day. you're stck. or wui be. Keep your
bowels opeo. and be well. Force, in th« sbape of
violent physic or pill poison. U dangerous. Tha
smoothest, easiest, most perfect way 01 keeping cue
bowels dear and clean Is to take
' M %^M CATHARTIC
thaoc MAJiit Mawnwco
Specialists for Men
No Incurable C&sea Taken at Any Prto*.
Pay when well. Advice aad orlv&t* book
free, office or mat!. HOO9 cures. Estab-
lished 11 yean. Ko Injurious medicine uaad.
Dr. Meyers & Co.
73t Market St.. S. F.
>.)AIZMy" DR * PIEB CE'S
jtimmk electric
s[Jps THI3 BELT 13 WAR-
/jv** ranted to be the latest im-
* proved, most powerftil and In,
alt reewet* the beat now manufactured la any
part of the world. Irs «iual dc*s not exist. The,
Galvanometer shows its electric current to ba
double that of any other. Ea«!!y rerouted.
Durably Insulated. L*te*t Improved- attach-
ments. Sl«c1al conductors and electrodes.
Doable wtre BU9r>*Bs>orT for men. It wIU cur»
any disease on earth that It Is possible to cur-»
¦with electricity, and 1* cures when others fall.
Buy no belt ttU you see "Dr. Pierre's.".
"BookUt No. 2." free at office or sent by raaij
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Addresa
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.
iOt9. Palace HoteO SAX FRANCISCO.
Eastern Office— X«w Tork City.
GAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES. ;
I*/" 1 " DUimnm Fmittag Heaa.
Mf 9J9 J orr. SI««j>;-««na<w. »te^ c*Tjed b» o»er-
W ' w«rk and laduicretum*. T*« ««*e*«»-
« Mm ••* «*»«^ reMora Lost Viuliti la old .
]%^^v»^^ cv TflTit 9m sj&d fit w rr**^ t cr s* iwl Ti uuu h
JtSjsV aeea or pie— qtsv Prevent laaooujr uri
12 takea ia Ua* Their
mStowslmmedlasa in pro»emeai and •Saeta CUHS .
*har« al 1 others f » I L lasul apea h *» 1n« tha p) a ai»»
Aiax Tablets. They &ar» cored UMOsands aaJ will
ear* yea. We rto • postttowrlUaa iuraate«toe«.
fee* • cor* ia ©ech ca*e or mfnad the "»"«?• rric«
SOCtS. Den-T^^AOr^matti^pLikwntfMr.
For sale Id S. F. by Letpniu * Co.. No Per-,
eentag* Dni? Co.. Owl Drug CO4. 3. F.. OakfoV:
DiLIUiL'S RELNYiaORAIORSg^
Five hundred reward tor any hZIj^HB
c»*e w« caaaot cure. Thia secret • m
remedy stooa ail losses la :Zi "^^K
hours, cures Emissions. Impo~ 4*3
toncy. Vartcccele. Gcaorrlsoea, fiTTI vHUi
Gleet. Fits. Strict-area. Lost 'AM UJLd
Manhood and all waatlcg eCects |~T||l Ml
ct seU-abosd ¦or excesses. 3«nt v — .¦^~ -
«eal*d, S3 bottle: 1 bottles. X: guaranteed to
cure aay case. Addr-ss HA LL'S MEDICAL, IN-
STITUTE. 555 Broadway. Oakland. CaL Also
for tale at W73H Market st.. S. F. All prt»su»
4l9eases quickly cured. Send for tr— book.
j^^sflßsW&>»V m* •* w • non-rcnecCT*
*Ab^b^P^^^^bmS «wa?dT - for Goaorrtka*.
j^^rcVUmS^m r.i*-t. Sn>rmnorrh«*,
1 m i ««t«.W V.hitoa, aan»lnr»l li*.
fliiMnml ¦ ch»rgM, or aar ia3anim*>
nCW eat <• MMn, "" lion. v irritation or utc*r»>
P t»«ma •soactoo. tioa ct Dictoi mra*
¦JEImEvMSCHEJIisnCa br»ae«. Soo-^trra«;nt.
Vfl^>*C)*MT\o.Bß| So"^S 0 "^* I **^
V^ksvbl 11 .uo, or » bout**, a:*.
WINTER RESORT:
9GOOD finishers on custom pants; steady work.
,225 Fifth' St.. - .-.->":->-'.,- :.^;/-/, ¦ •:. -.-:. ;¦ .
GIRL. 12 o> 15 > years oM: company and, help
-, -with children; $5. v ; 216 Hlckpry. a.ye, :;.->• ...
WANTED— GirI . for s general . housework.' : 3448
'.Twentieth' St., northeast corner Capp; apply
aft* 9 o'clock a. cm.. , , .-
SITUATION wanted by- smart active English-
American : , experienced In handling - horses.
Address box 4433, Call office. ./"; , , „
GRADUATE in pharmacy, wants situation." Ad-
drers bor 3017. Call Ofilce. ¦ ¦ . : -' ¦'. ' • ' ¦:-¦
SITUATION wanted .by a flrst-class ; German
pardener; can take care of, horses. Box 3926,
Call offlce. -.¦¦¦••¦ : ¦'¦ .'-; ¦¦'¦.¦'
YOUNG man wishes position to learn machin-
ist or bollermaker trade; .wages- sl, per day.
Box 3009. Call office. .;.- . :
ENGINEER to run locomotive or stationary en-
gine. Address 1231 Market st.,'room7. -*\ -o-.
GARDENER: with "good 'references as to char-",
¦acter and ability, florist and landsoaper.l f rom
the Eastern States and Europe, wishes place,
private or commercial.' Address box 4476, Call.
DRS. GOODWIN,' the well-known ladles' physl-
, clan, foimerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
V Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment 'ss: safe and reliable ¦ cure In one
day: 15 years' successful practice In S. F.;
maternity home; low fees. 10074 Market st.
DR. G. ,W. O' DONNE LL, the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used -at
home; consultation free: puccess guaranteed.
¦• Write or call at 103% Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton/ China, tea
and herb sanitarium, 704 Sacramento st., cor-
ner of Kearny: all diseases- and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; offlce hours, 10 a. m. to 12 m..
2to 5 p.m. and 7, to 9p. m. .. .' ¦ .
MRS. ¦ DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; : home
. In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any ailment: consultation free. 942
Post st.. between Hyde and.Larlcln.
MRS. DR. s* KOHL, ladies'., specialist— Guar-
anteed ' treatment at offlce. $3: safe and re-
' liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st.. bet.
'Mason and.Taylcr: hours 9 a. ra. to 5 p. m.
DR." and MRS,- DA VIES. 1228 Market: ladies'
•physician; chrontc diseases treated; late sclen-
' tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. $5.
MRS. DR.' ALLEN. 1033 Market, ladles' speclal-
ist; ; guaranteed ? treatment at offlce. $0; safe
. and reliable; consultation free;, hours 10 to 8.
DR." JAMES PIERCE.' IO4 Turk St.. the eminent
'female specialist: home or office treatment $8.
DR.- WISE, the : ladles' * specialist. HIS Market
St.: every case guaranteed r 15 up.-
DR.' and- MRS.' M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. • 1312 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Experienced millman to take charge
of small stamp mill, etc.". In Mexico. Box
'3011. -Call offlce. , -
OFFICE boy. Address, In own handwriting,
box 3014. Can offlce.
BOY of 15 or 16 years to feed Job printing press;
experienced. MARTIN & MARTIN. 147 Beale.
YOUNG. man experienced In groceries ; ; German
pref erred. Room 81, -Flood building. ,
GOOD hustler wanted by wealthy firm : must
collect and drive wagon: wages ; $40- to $100;
bond for honesty $400 cash. Box 3016. Call.
WANTED— A man; reference. 30 Hannah St.,
Oakland. ?- • . -
BOOTBLACK wanted, i 648 Washington st. ,
¦'below Montgomery. . ¦ '
BELLBOY. . Hotel Falrmount, Market and Fell
streets. -¦¦.-'- - ¦ .-¦•--•¦•¦¦
DISHWASHER for restaurant" 673 Hayes st.
STEADY' pressman; must -understand some
sewing; no others . need ¦ apply. R 1001 Palace
¦Hotel.. •• ' r -¦¦¦:.. ¦:¦-.:¦: -
WANTED— First-class ladles' '-¦tailors at
SCHIMMEL & STOVER'S. 408 Butter, st.
WANTED-^A good cook at 655 Dayls st.
WANTED— A first-class Ice cream, and water
tee maker. GRUENHAGEN'S. 20 Kearny st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on custom repairing at
- 270 Noe st. T. HINES.
GOOD ; tailor wanted. V E2O * Kearny * St., first
: floor, . room 1.. ;'.¦- . ¦ :>¦¦-' ¦¦• - - ''• '-*'•'•¦
WANTED— First-class : bushelmen. - Apply '. S.
. • N. : WOOD & C0..- "IS Market, st. , -r
BARBER , wanted: flrst-class .workman . only.
.. 2003. Fillmore St. ,. corner Pine. ,", ... ' -.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady work. 756
,¦:.: Howard . St. .' ' - ¦*-' • !¦-.•¦ :'.'¦"- J •.''-.''•'•: '
PAINTER; good stage hand; call 7:30. 12S-
.¦ Bartlett ' st.. , near .Twenty-third. . ; . '
WANTED— Bellboy; one that understands run-
. nine elevator.', 29 Stockton st. . . . ?; '.
3 FIRST-CLASS barbers for city and ountry:
¦ $14; guarantee.' 'Apply early. •• H.: BERNARD,
¦¦¦104 Seventh st. ¦-'.'..-• ..-'¦*¦'¦".-•¦ ''¦ .":
WANTED— Young man to learn the drug busl-
I • ness; ? one ; living :in * the Mission nreferred;,
. must ' come well recommended. " Address box
: . 302 V Call: office. ->-,-.-.:¦.„ ¦vr . ¦ .-: •
.WANTED— Dishwasher; *s« week.; M Sixth rt.;
TWO younit '¦ boys • wanted , for ' light work ." In a
¦*: wholesale - house.' - 'Apply : - S8 ¦ California st. ;
: ' waces-f>''" ¦'¦": ¦ '¦¦¦ ¦ i ¦;¦-: '' - ;•*;•¦. ¦'• ¦
CASH registers, second-hand, of every de-
scription bought sold, exchanged and re-
paired. 1309 Mission st.. bet. Ninth and Tenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100'- concert records. $2 30. BACIGALUPI.
533 Market *t.. San Francisco.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. BROWN
BROS.. Clothing. 437 Montgomery st. ... .
A 6 H. P. double cylinder marine gas engine,
almr-ac new; complete. 516 Mission st.
l!».ono FEET new rubber belting, half price,
ROBT. BRAND & CO.. 527 Third St.. Oakland.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.; 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 4! Main st.
A ¦ 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and bur-
glar rroof safe. 21C California st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Keamy st...nr. Pine.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market at.. San Fran.
DOMESTIC sevrinc machine; 7 drawers: plated*
almost new: cheap. 1315 Mission St.. near Uthl
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
gluts, or Dog Hospital. -810 Golden Gate aye.
DOMESTIC sewlnc machine: 7 drawers: platM-
¦ almost new; cheap. 1315 Mission st.. near is<h|
CLASSIFIED advertl»ements-and subscriptions
r t cei ved at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096, V-
alencia at. - -.- '-
A. BRANCH offlce for the .reception of adver-
tisements and subscrlDtions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m. '- ¦< '¦<*:¦-¦¦¦.
APPRENTICE wanted' on coats and vests at
BELASCO & HARRIS. 641 Market rt.
WANTED— A good finisher on - coats. 46«
Clementina et. ':. •. .-.:-.' >\ ¦ : -.--.. ¦'„:.' ¦'¦
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman and
sick nurse (not trained); would assist with
light housework. 828 Geary st. . -
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper;
city or country. 1006 Tennessee st.
NOTICE Is hereby given that I will sell at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash,
lawful money cf the United State*, on
WEDNESDAY, the Uth day of March. 1900. at
¦ 11 o'clock a. m.. at Sullivan & E*^ ¦• 3Zt
Sixth st.. city and county of San Francisco.
ONE HORSE, the .property of S. JACOBS.
Pf &£?ed\° P ' °- SOMP9 ' ' P- O- SOMPS.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
THOROUGHBRED Irish setters, fancy pigeons;
prices reasonable. Glenmore Kennela, 2041
Linden St.. Oakland. ¦
GASOLINE engines; marine and stationary:
second hand: guaranteed; all sizes. NEWELL
BROS.. 140 First st.
ONE. small-stzo electro-silver plating outfit.
also one royal silver metal plating nutflt: both
. new and complete; price $44. A. THRALL. 1>
Fifth st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A CHAMBERMAID and plain laundry work;
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A PLAIN lroner, San Mateo, $25; also plain
ironer. city, $20, sleep home. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. _^^
A COOK for coffee-houso; $7 per weeek. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ' - ,¦'
A CATHOLIC middle-aged woman as house-
keeper, $15; also housekeeper for 2 gentlemen,
$15; city. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter St. .
A COLORED nurse girl: $15; sleep home. MIS 3
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS talloress on coats; $8 to $19
per week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & C0. ....PH0NE GRANT 185
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress. Santa Monica. $20. free fare; 2
waitresses,' Gait, $20; 2 waitresses, San Jose,
$20; 2 waitresses, south, I $20; waitresses,
Fresno, $20; Keswick, $20, fare here, and city,
$20; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20: chamber-
• maid, flrsf-class country , hotel. $20; woman
cook. Institution, $25; fancy lroner, $25, re-
sort; dishwasher, $25.
.FAMILY ORDERS
2 copks. understanding German cooking. , $15,
city; colored second girl, $20. Berkeley; ranch !
' cook, $20; cooks, Alameda. San Rafael. Santa
Clara. $25, $20; house girl, nice place, $16,
fare here; house girl. Mill Valley. $20. C. R,
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— 4 hotel waitresses, $20. city; walt-
ress, $20, country hotel; - chambermaid - an3l
waitress, $20; 6 restaurant waitresses. , $5, $6 a
week; dishwasher,' $4 a ween; 4 cooks, short
distance, $25; Protestant second girl, $25,
country; restaurant cook. $25; pastry cook. $6
a week; 75 girls for housework. $20, $26. city
and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 816 Sut-
ter st 1 ¦ ¦ ¦¦•¦-. -
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1C63 Mission st.
CAPE NOME houses for sale; 12x16 feet. $150;
16x20 feet. $200. Apply to the Humboldt
Lumber Company. , Third and Washington
sts.. Oakland. Cal. ft
AN experienced dressmaker and ladles' tailor
desires work by the day in families or at
home; also evening dresses and shirt waists;
terms reasonable. 1127 ElllH st. . . -
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 21S McAllister st.
BAROAIX— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FINE Fischer A Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st.
XO let— House of . 9 rooms and bath; on Bu-
chanan, near California. Inquire of W. H.
CRIM. lIS Montgomery st.
CONOVER, Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
Warerooms. 1813 Market St.
D<~>N'T buy: rsnt a new piano. $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes at.
W G BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
PARTY jroing to World's Fair will sacrifice
beautiful new upright piano: leaving on 15yi.
Call to-day at room 7. 1021 Van Ness aye.
HOOT AM) -II lit; BARGAINS.
ItKGI'LAR $1 50 boys' shoes, all sizes...... 95 cts
Rrg-ular Jl Z> ladies' oxford tie« &5 cts
Children's kid. lace or button, sizes 8 to 11.75 c
People's Shoe Store. 1203 Stktn. nr. B'dway.
too PAIRS drummers' samjle shoes at manu-
farturer c rnrt. J. Kohlbecher. 145 Fourth st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^slsoo; CORNER- saloon; established many
years and doing a rushing business; choicest I
location; only 2 blocks north of Chronicle |
Irtiildimr; rent $75; owner f?olng Ea»t. Call 1
R. G. WILKE. I"}S Market st.
A— sK": COFFKE raloon and restaurant: 1 block
from corner Powell and Market f t». ; rent $40;
daily receipts J4O; 3 living rooms. See R. G.
WILKE. s«J« Market Bt.
A— s4oo; SALOON, with 3 living rooms; rent
$27 50; Valencia ft.: good business; bargain.
R. G. WILKE. KM Market sr
A— J.ViO; CORNER grocery and bar; vicinity
Fixth and Howard Fts.; living rooms: good
t>-ueines?; chea}> rent. Call R. G. WILKE.
• SO6 Market st.
>_- Jirs — CORNER taloon on Montgomery st_;
'must be »jld to-day. R. G. WILKE. 906
Market gt. ¦
A — fcOO; SALOON and lunchhouse; between fac-
tories and lumber-yard*; daily receipt* $15;
rent $20; a enap. R. G. WILKE. 606 Market.
A— $*-'750: FIRST-CLASS paying corner grocery
and bar on Turk et. ; place established many
¦ years; stock all fresh; good horse and wagon;
C living rooms; rent $00. Call R. G. WILKE,
S-16 Market et.
JJAUGAIN lor buying or selling saloons or any
Luslr.ete; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
;,.un*:, :iy-i California et.. room L
|4Ch^— SALUON with J living rooms; fine trade.
Call at LKjuor Dealers' Journal, £3»i4 Cali-
fornia St.. room t.
UARGAlN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
I^ealcrs' Journal. ZZShi California st.. room 1.
KREDO * C<> Z2«* Geary at.
T 1 to J.'.-v' •; legitimate business chances of
all. kir.r'-; call and Investlcate before you
drop your meney in fake propositions else-
where. KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary i>t.
A GREAT sacrifice; corner grocery; death
cause sale. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
CORNER grocery; best In city; great sacrifice.
COWING & CO.. 71> Market et.
TINE grt>cery and bar; stock worth money
at-ked; big cash trade: iV, years' lease. Pacinc
Fta.tes Realty Co., 855 Market St., room 220.
A^PAUTNER with $2500 in established Import-
ing business; will clear at least $6000 yrarly.
Pacific States Realty. .B6B Market et.. room 220.
AN energetic man not afraid of work with $125
can feet j>ermanent position; come prepared to
go to work. BRIDGES. 527 Market St.. r. 116.
6TOCK of drygoods and groceries at half Its
value; going to Nome; only $£0. BRIDGES.
£27 Market st.. room 216.
BCA--CORNER Baloon ; north of Market st.
Mclaughlin & co.. tt7h Market st.
»%00— EHOEPTORE and repair chop; sickness
cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN &. CO.. 777V4
Market «t ;
33D00 WILL buy a f^ood paying efflce and im-
porting business that will pay at least $4000
per v«sr: reason for celling, have to leave
the State on Important business; have $2000
worth of Ftock on hand: staple goods; half
cash and half In one y«»ar to the right party;
investigate and yee for yourself. Address
box 3012. CaJl oflk-e. «uv
CAUPEXTER shop for rale at a bargain; with
• or without hon*e and waxon; rent only $6;
must be e-ild this wwk. Apply 127 Turk St.
BAKERY for nale, very <-he«p; receipts from
$2a to *2» per day: excellent location; other
business cause for sale. 721 Polk st.
OOOI>-PAYING barfneas. cheap: parties going
away; over SOO <njstomers; horses and'wagou.
Call 312 Capp gt. :•- ¦
875— CIGAR and bookstore. £41 Third st.
FINH «tore, ruitable for. any business; 120
O'Farrell, corner Powell. Apply 15 Grant aye.
JIVj— G<X>D paying restaurant, • nr. Sutler car-
horus*-; rent $15, store, living rm. 1005 Larkln.
Ri;STAV"KANT for i«ale; good location; good
buslneHs; cause, sickness. . Box 3012. Call.
J3SO— GROCERY, bar and. lodging-house; doing
good business. 129 Perry et. - .•,-¦¦¦
EHOE shop for o.ile. 2K Gouph . n., n«-ar
Hayes. . '
FOR rale — Good-paying restaurant . on" account
of pnrtlee leavlng-the city;: rent :i>ald.' until
April 10. Inquire at 12 Washington st.
EHOEMAKEH'S shop and i living rooms; 4102
lSch sl ; nice place. Key at drug - etore,
Ckictru and Uth et*.
SPIRITUALISM.
attentionT~ ." . r.Trrrrr. removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
ReveaJs Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted,- cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all rkln diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
r ht has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always successfu 1 and satisfactory, and all
correspondence is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061
E»-enth aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
N. B.— Take 8. F. broad gauge ferry and
get eff at Clinton Station. 2d station from
Broadway.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
JANANITE~KS?DRICK7~paImist and card
reader ajjd clairvoyant; will tell your past,
present and future, locate your disease and
tell you how to get well of it: 50c and 25c:
hours from 12 to 9 p. m. 118 Sixth st.
MRS. GORDON, psychometrist. 12 years' ex-
perience; readings and advice, from 1 to 9 p.
m. daily; Sundays and Wednesdays excepted;
terms, ladles EOc. gentlemen $1. lWj Fulton.
MME A. CF.RV ANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fcrjnte teller; gives best advice in difficult
" matters. Removed to 19 Fulton St., nr. Larkin.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader and palmist: all
you teek to know answered without questions;
readings this week 25c and 60c. 942 Mission.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night.- Fri-
day. Sunday eve.; 10c; readings dally. 138 6th.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1123 Mkt., bet. 10th & 11th—
Cir. Mon. 8 p. m.. Thur. 2 p. m., 25c; sit, dally.
MME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 605 McAllister St.; 10c; com«, skeptics.
ONE of Mrs. Stoddard's great seances to-night;
all get tests from friends. ¦ 278 Ninth st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet m»-
ance. 8 n. m. 409 Leavenworth St.; 25c.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
irypey life reader: readings 2Sc.
CHESTTER CAKLETO.V, magnetic healer and
massage treatmt. 1382 Market, ran. 27 and 23.
MRP. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting $1. •¦ 1104 Market.
CONSULT the lucky medium, • 549V4 Minna St.,
near Fifth. ¦-. • -- ¦
MME. MARQUISE." medium, has removed to 8
Hyde st, readings and treatments dally.
EDWARD EARLE, independent slate writer,
230 Ellis St.; circle Bun. and Wed. evenings.
ARNOLD. Dickaon, give everybody teats to-
night; 10c: sittings, 25c, COc. 148 Sixth, room 1.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
lialmlstry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant. Ckrd reader;
Elttlnra dally. 212^ Sixth St.
TOUR future told by cards, 25c 944 Howard
ft.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. ELLlS— Tests to all; circle Tues.. Frl.. 2
p. m.: Mon.. *: 25c: sittings M. 233 Valencia.
MME. RAVENNA read* life fluently; business
advice: names given: 23c up. E Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 23c; ladles/ 914 O'Farrell. st.
A WEFK'S news for E cents. The Weekly Call.
It pages, in wrapper, for mnillnr. Jl per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
le>» njcce»«ful. Room 810. 'J27 Market st.
COTTAGES. TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 5 and C rooms; basement,
yard, with or without stable; cheap. 1576
Fifteenth St., near Dolores.XXjiJstitrs*
•-ROOM ccttage; 2314 Morris aye.. bet. Harrl-
«ot> and Bryant, nr. 6th: key next door. N0.23.
COTTAGES WANTED.
FURNISHED modern cottage or flat of 4 or 5
rooms for family of 3 adults; within 3 blocks
of Market and Larkln wts. Box 3005.; Call. .
DOC HOSPITAL.
DR; BUZARD'B Dot HMpltal, Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 76c; city visits $1 50; all
. animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 631
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A— FIRST-CLASS Swedish girl desires situa-
tion; Is good cook and houseworker; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
X 2 FIRST-CLASS French second girls desire
.situations; best of ref. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 ranee. Klnc Furniture Co.. ',127-1131 Market.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlc* — Japanese. Chi-
nese. ' 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
3 STEINWAYS, 2 Chickerlnga. 1 Sornmer. 1
Vose & Sons; 5 Heines: store open evening*.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 13S Ellis St.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese. Chinese employment
offlce; beet help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas Aramori. 806V4 Stockton; tel. John 212 L
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Furniture of 3 housekeeping rooms:
bargain; nicely furnished; rent whole house
if desired. 309' Hyde, from 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
FURNITURE for sale at a house at 218 Fulton
street.
SHORTHAND taurht personally and by mall
laneruaireK. Miss M. O. Barr-tt. 302 Montry.
BELGIAN PARES.
KOSf.MOXT Ratbitry. 36 Maple court, off 14th.
abeve Ouerrero — Pe<li<?rwd Lob Anpeles stock.
BOARDING 101 l CHILDUBN.
WANTED— Boy or girl to board; from 8 to 12
years ';!d: cood home in private family; no
other children; references. 1112 Mission et.
MOTHER'S care given an Infant or small
child: no other children. Add. box 3010, Call.
WANTED— SmaII child to board; best of care;
K""<1 iioir.e. 3C$ Feli ft.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
}->¦_,» r..- W '*n . M M<*«l<-n *t.. near Third.
AG V. NTS WAN TE I).
HAVE arrived, "Moody, the Man and His
Work;" "Life of Moody." by Northrup; lan
MarLaren'B "Light of the World;" "War
With Spain." u» date, now ready; "British
jind'Hoer War." ready March 2Cith: send for
eami les. THE J. DEWING CO.. Flood bldg..
tfh Market »1.. S. F.
AGUNTS can n:ak» $10 p*r day Belling our nov-
»;iv machine- write; on application will eend
cur and terms. THOS. R. FOOTE CO.. Lo«
Ar-reles. Cal.
WANTED — Flrst-class affents to introduce
newly patented garden trowel: good wages
C-unranteed. Particulars at 1006 Webster St..
Oakland.
AGENTS— It takes money to make money: dis-
trict a^'ent* wanted; a feller of merit and
utility. HERRICK. 1417 Brush st.. Oakland.
tJSt MONTH and expenses; either sex; samples
free. 23-H. Kansas City. Mo.
AGENTS everywhere to sell Mrs. Webb's Cal.
Complexion roap. Add. Be!l & Co.. 6 Eddy.
LADIKS — Acnts: something new. 602 Geary
Ft.. Stn FianclfC".
ASTROLOGY.
PPOF. A MASERY cf Egypt, greatest astrolo-
ri« cn<! palmist in the world; satlsf action
gm.r«rt»^rt. 437 O~lflen <7»te aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
re fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SSO Market, cor. Stocktn.
AfrVICF. free: no charge unless tucceesfuL W.
W. DAVIPSON. S-27 Market «t.. opp. Mason.
r. H. MICKZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
«ume3 practice at £03 Cal. st.. Clunie bldg.
1. ir i'LARK. Emma Spreekeis bid*.. 927 Mar-
y..- tt : r<- n y:'.*atl^ free: no fee? in advance.
BATH CABINETS — THERMAL.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel foldtcg: see It before
1 u vine. W. S. BROWN. Coast Agt.. 426 EIIU.
NEW & 2<3-harid wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nef«. wk * rtrivtr?- hor«<^. ISt* and Val»ncla.
CARPET HEATING AM) CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING"S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. SS3-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Fteam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
HTEVENP. mer.. 38-40 Sth St.: tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson *t. : tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth gt.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mlralon 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN"S Carpet-beating works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; te'«phoce East 126.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
It r-aees. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 par year.
.....FLATS AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM 3 to 250 ROOMS; PRICES! $50 to :0.000
25 rooms; on Market; worth $1200 $SOO
10 rooms; on Mason; payments 450
65 rooms: on Bush St.: clears $250 2SOO
3 rooms and bath; elegant flat 325
30 rooms; on Kearny: grand bargain 2000
36 rooms; on Market: payments ISOO
50. 40 and 125 rooms: boarding house.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN SL
I H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
LODGING-HOUSE BUYERS. ATTENTION!
Genuine bargains: honest value: money
loaned buyers; no FAKE prices advertised.
Before buying go to SCIIWEINHARD & CO..
room 2. 917 Market St.. opposite Ma3on.
9-ROOM hotel; bar; family resort: clears $100
month; $400. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
TO "Morning Call Home Study" readers—
Clashes forming: French conversation. Span-
ish. $2 per mo. 630 G. G. aye.. r. 5, 6: hrs. 2-8.
A GREAT SALE OF
_ PIANOS
PIANOS
Entire Stock of
HAMILTON-BANCROFT OCX'
Consisting of
BTEINWAY.
CHICKERING.
WEBER,
HAINES BROS*
BALDWET,
BUSH & GERTB,
JSLLINGTON,
HAMILTON.
AND OTHERS,
PRICES FROM $30 UPWARD.
SNAPS FOR BUYERS.
BYRON MAUZY.
308-310-312 POST ST.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
HORSES.. LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
'«> HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sale* every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAIT for our big sale of horses at 2170 Market
" St.. THURSDAY, at 11 . o'clock. S. WAT-
KINS. Auctioneer.
200 HORSES 1000 to 1400 pounds. $0 head 1200 to
1300 pounds, unbroken, at the Canty Ranch,
Grayson. Cal. .
B0 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some flne matched black teams.
FINE driving, stylish buggy horse; 7 years old;
sound and gentle: cheap. H. L.. box 3019. Call.
HORSE, harness and business buggy. 1035 San
. Bruno aye.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road hp rse an<J bHte
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. O. ay.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE..
ROOMING HOUSES
, .....LODGING HOUSES
..HOTELS :
CAPITAL furnished on flrst-class mining pro-
position. F. H. MORSE, 150 Nassau St.. N.Y.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071H Market st.: examinations free: German
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phone. Mint »7.
A SALOON for sale cheap; located In the
Potrero. Apply on premise*. 154$ Kentucky.
TO purchase for caeh. half Interest In estab-
l.?hed clear stand. Box 4445. Call. •
DRESSMAKING business; handling the best of
first-class trade In Oakland; location very de-
slrable: parties leaving on account of health.
Address box 2724. Call offlce. Oakland.
TO lease— El Campo restaurant; season 1900;
terms reasonable to competent party. • Apply
. J. E. HAYDEN, Tiburon ferry fruit stand.
$700— SELECT rooming house: 9 rooms, all full;
elegantly and newly furnlEhed; investigate.
437 Golden Gate aye.
I AM offering for sale a drug store located In
. the very heart of the most densely populated
district west of Chicago, doing a strictly cash
business, enjoying a satisfactory sale on 44
proprietary preparations manufactured on the
premises, and clearing from $250 to $300 per
month: the curious and agents need not ap-
ply; price $4ioo. Box 44t4. CalL
REAL estate, city or country, in .'any : State
In the Union, sold and exchanged on commis-
sion- associate offices In New. York and Chi-
cago; sterling business propositions of all
kinds SUNSET REALTY INVESTMENT
CO.. 213 Examiner building.
V-}'\ HELP WANTED— MALE. '
FIRST-CLASS , barber for city; first-class
wages. Apply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh St.
WANTED— Shoemaker on repairing. 202 Second
"-street. -, ' ¦ - . . .. ¦.
WANTED— Boy to make himself generally use-
ful about a house. Address box 3004. Call.
$50 — BARBER shop; 15 . cents. Sixteenth and
Market sts. . ¦ ,
3-CHAIR hotel barber shop. 127 Eddy stT;
owner going north.
SEAMEN, ordinary and green hands, for steam
whalers & Australia. 701 Battery, cor. Pacific.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
. -price. _562. Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
CARPENTERS WANTED to STAY away
frcm San Francisco, as there are many Idle
men here, notwithstanding advertisements to
the contrary. DISTRICT COUNCIL OF CAR-
PENTERS. j _^
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; special inducement
this season: handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free: only Institution In the
world teaching 1 the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Brancues— San Frarc.«co. New York.
-- St. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
WANTED— Check clerk for mailing dept.. d.
g.. notion and shoes; give references and ex-
perience. Box 4458, Call ; office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to . know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week. '
TO purchase . fcr cash— Half Interest In estab-
lished clear stand. Box 1445, Call.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting: 2Sc
to We. 562 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing guslness else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
St.; tel. Main. 1*44. Branch 19 Third st.
6 PER cent and up on second mortgages, un-
divided interests, estates and claims In pro-
bate and monthly rents. A. M. SPECK A
CO.. 687 Market st.
, ANY proposition, any amount: « per cent; first.
' second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
1 In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
moragages: confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
MOST reliable place to borrow on - diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
I pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
'. BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powall st.
AT 126 Keamy st.. room 9. respectable prtvata
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
. rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
service; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and 89. Donohue building. 1170 Market st.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOUSLEY. 321 Parrott building.
OLD gold bought: money loaned on every de-
scription of collateral. Coleman's. 506 Kearny.
MONEY loaned on furniture, pianos, dia-
monds, etc. BRIDGES. 927 Market, room 818.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner buil'dlng.
$x"0 TO $10,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. :
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; a*
commission: private. LICK. US McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 338 Parrott butld-
. ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
TO salaried men. without oollateral or lndorser;
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 14S Phelan building.
DR. CONANrS Compound Vapor Bath— Purl-
- fies the blood; destroys disease germs: pro-
tects- cures; revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bills- outfits for sale; agents wanted; send for
booklet. ANIDROSIS. 47 Po»t St.; offlc«.
room 5: gents' baths. 6: ladles . 33.
DENTISTS.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
aTTt ?z. it.' rrrrrrr7rs6^o™7r7?rfrr!77. ~.. J ~
PARTNER REQUIRED
for flret-class dining-room in large city hotel;
center of traffic; elegant appointments; op-
portunity for man seeking sood proposition.
STENBERG CO., 935 Market st.
A— s4ooo; CORNER grocery, with elegant ap-
pointments; full stock of choice groceries,
delicacies, cigars and liquors in bulk; the lo-
cation is Al. being right in the heart of the
city; including new delivery wagons and
fine horses: chance seldom offered:* trial will
convince; if you desire this kind of business
don't delay investigation, as owner Is selling
on account of other business; receipts average
$2000 per month. CO.. 935 Mkt st.
WORKING partner: opportunity seldom of-
fered. Room 35. 1924 Market st.
PARTNER in legitimate business; small capi-
tal; make good wages. Apply 79 Third st.
NEW bakery or laundry; 8-can milk wagon; 2-
seated spring wagon: 8 grocery or delivery
wagons. 22 Cortland aye. .
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
ehoelng business; 15 years present location:
cheap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
A SALOON for sale In good location. Apply on
premises, 16CS Valencia st.
SALOON, with property, stock and fixtures for
sale: opposite depot, warehouses and lumber
yard In Paso Robles, Cal. Address JOHN
G ENGEL. . t
COMPANY promotion Is our specialty; we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nlshed. P.5.M.&1.C0-. 220 California St.. r. 5-7.
PARTNER in printing business: a good man:
experience not necessary. 344 McAllister st.
$75— BRANCH bakery and candy store, with
living rooms. 433 Third St. ¦
ROUTE of 544 papers on this paper for sale.
Box *. Oakland Postotflce.
COFFEE and tea routes' supplied from GEO.
W. CAPWELL k CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st- ¦
CHEAPEST and bwt In America— The Weeklj
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
postage paid.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
WANTED— Young girl , to do light housework.
GIRL to assist - with ¦ housework I and children.
:. 1027: McAllister St. -, f ¦¦' .-, ¦¦>'-. -¦¦•
WANTED— Twenty-five young and pretty girls
for ballet and ¦¦ chorus. ¦" Apply this "morning
between 10,and' 12.;at.TivoIl Opera-house. :.-
TOGNG clrl ; for; upstairs work:: mind* 4-year-
." old child preferences. >^708 Ashbury st. - : .
WANTED — Competent girl " for .-• cooking . and
.. general , housework. 2128 : Pine 5t. .,',,- . ;
A YOUNG girl for general I housework and
cooking. 923 Valencia ! st. ¦ ¦ : .-'. -..,:¦ '-.>..
WANTED — A good talloress and girl . to help.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on pants. 272 Steven-
son St.; first floor. ¦? " ;
TAILORESSES wanted -to work on custom
pants. Rooms 301-302 Examiner bldg.,' 3d floor.
WANTED— Second ¦ girl ' to do " light work and
caro for child 5 years old.:- Apply 1815 Laguna
St., 8 to :i2. : . *-. -.-¦•.;-¦ : ¦ ¦ ¦:¦¦-,
WANTED— Vest finishers; ' buttonhole makers
and apprentices on custom work. 509 Kearny
' St., room 2.. • i'-v : -. -, . ¦
YOUNG woman wishes a position; beet of
references; .wages $25. . Box 4454. .Call offlce.
COLORED woman wishes day's work or wash-
ing to take home. 'Address box 4405. Call.
WANTED— Engagements to show best bust de-
veloper known: living testimonials to Indorse
¦ all I claim: also scalp and -hair treatment;
references If desired. Box 4434, Call office. ,
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: £00 rooms: 25c to $1 CO night: $1 50 to $8
:week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
*¦¦ and barrage to and from ferry.
LADY'S purse, near Laguna st. and Oolden
: Gate aye., containing $30 In gold. Return to
BOR Van Ness nve.: reward.
SITUATION wanted by a young lady as cook
or steward to go to Cape Nome. 841 A How-
.ard st. . .
LARGE do*: kind to his master, hard on
thieves: also several fine pointers and set-
ters. Can be seen at FRED CUEHE*S. UUt
Mission road. ¦ '
BELGIAN hares, thoroughbred pedigreed, from
the best strains in America. MAX 3TREI-
CHER 1310 E 27th st.. Lo< Angeles. Cat.
CHEAP- 1 horl*cjtal boiler andvertical engine;
10-horse power lUiuor and water steam pump*.
used 1 year. 11l First st. -
FOR sale— Windmill, deep well pump and wat-
er pipe; cheap. 703 San Bruno aye.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and Mid. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
X— BUYS, ¦ sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
WOMAN with a child. $10; housekeeper. $10;
- second girl, $20; cook, $30; nurneglrl, $15 to $20:
woman to cook for 12 men, $20; middle-aged
woman, housework," $20; houseglrl, 2 In fam-
• lly, $20: 10 housegiris. $20 to $25: second girl,
Oakland. $20; Belvedere. $20; Berkeley, $20.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter Bt. . t .
A COMPETENT German or Swedish second
girl; 2 In family; first-class place: no sweep-
Ing; American family; 120. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 418 Powell st.
4 GERMAN cooks, $25; 8 general housework
girls. $20, $25; 4 second girls,, s2o; 1 German
nurse. Oakland. $20; German nurse, $15. MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell st. .. ?.; ...
BARBER wanted; steady. 219 Broadway, be-
tween Sansome and Battery.
LOST AMI I'Ol'.NO,
LOSX Either at Native Sons' Hall or on Post
Bt., between Leavenworth and hall, March 3,
1900 a small opal brooch, surrounded by dia-
monds. Return 816 Sutter St., MR. ABEN-
HEIM; reward; call between 6 and 7.
LOST— One coach dog, 1 year old: one black
ear. Return to GEORGE SWITZER. Twelfth
and. Harrison sts.. Stockyards; reward.
LOST Gold spectacles In case on Market St..
between Jones and Larkin. Return to 705
Post. St., ard receive reward.
LOST.- Sunday, gold hat pin, turquoise setting.
$5 reward at 1909 Leavenworth. St.
LOST— Spider stick pin; quartz and opal, dia-
mond' eyes. 1602 Bush st. : reward.
LOST — Bunch of about 5 keys, March 10. Finder
return 1268. O'Farrell st.; reward.-
SUNBURST diamond pin. . Return to MRS.
NELLIE RADER. 1518 Fifteenth st; liberal
reward. ..-.-. . .. •
WANTED— MiIk wagon driver, $30 and found:
engineer for mine, $3 day: butter maker. $35
¦ to $40 and found, see boss here; 5 milkers. $25
and $30: farmers; 6 laborers, $175 day; 4
drillers, $2: woodsmen and many others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.-.
WANTED — Hotel second cook, $35; cook, coun-
try restaurant, $30 and found; 2 broilers, $45
and $50: hotel and restaurant waiters. $30 and
$40: dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st. ¦_ ¦.
COMPETENT, flr«t-cla«s German cook wiahes
position. 1530 Jackson St.;
BOILERS, 'engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLP.MAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars. nUrrors. showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
flce furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
REFINED German girl wishes position to take
care of children and upstairs work or sewing.
.Address box 3020, Call office.
A. M. SPECK & CO. ;.v
2610 Sutter; 6 r $20;206 Post: 10 r $47 50
731 Thirteenth; 7 r. 20;?24 Shotwell; 8 r.. 25 00
FOR rent from Ist of April. The Bungalow.
Menlo Park, residence of the late Dr. J. H.
Stallard: elegantly furnished, with all mod-
ern conveniences: u*e of surry and buggy.
Address box 444.*. Call. .
COMPETENT girl wants housework; no ob-
jection to children: wages from $15 to $20; city
or Oakland. 10 Wetmore place, near Powell
A FIRST-CLASS German cook: city or country.
$20; a first-class German cook, city or coun-
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A SWEDISH houseglrl. good cook, best refer-
ences; $20. MRS. NORTON. 318 Sutter st.
HOUSES LODGIN4J To Let.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5 ....104 GEARY ST.
: Gang of teamsters and laborers for the Coast
railroad. Santa Barbara County. $1 75 to $2
a day. free fare •••••'••
Hoisting engineer and "run air compressor
for a mine, $3 a day; 4 singlehand miners,
•$2 50 a day; 6 coal miners, $2 50 a day; t
drillers. $2 25 a day: 2 cabinet makers. $2 a
day; carriage painter, $35 and found; 20
woodsmen and laborers, $20 to $40 and found,
see boss here: 20 laborers for sawmill and
woods $26 and board, fares paid; butter maker
and run separator, $35, see boss here: 2 milk-
ers, see boss here, $30; 6 milkers. $25; 10 team-
sters for an orchard, $26 and found: 20 wood-
choppers, 75c a cord; 10 tiemakers, 13c.
First-class : barkeeper, country, ! $60 and
found; broiler.- hotel. $45; baker, country shop,
$40; third cook, springs,. $30: potwashers. $25.
and vegetableman, $25, for springs, fares ad-
vanced: confectioners' helper, country hotel,
$20 and free fare: man and wife to make
beds, lodging house. $50: porter for lodging
house. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
BLACKSMITH'S helper, country. $40 and
found and fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. '.-".¦ -. ¦ ¦ ¦
FURNITURE W ANTED.
CHAS. LEVY- buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.
PIANO cheap and S rooms of furniture: must
be sold: no dealers. 2SIOA Howard st.
A— SNAP: 28 furnished rooms and bath: cheap;
owner leaving city: no agents. 420 Sixth at.
HOUSE of 10 rooms; well furnished: all rented;
rent $20: price $150. 7S Natoma st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Re«t heln. 414U O'Farrell «t.: tel. E««t 426.
A— COOKS, bakers, waiters, bartenders, etc.—
5 cooks $50. $40, $30 and found
ranch cook $30 and found
9 waiters $30. $25, $20, $32 and found
Bartender, country hotel $30 and found
milk-wagon driver, city, $30 and found, see
bos« here; dlßhwashers; porters; man for deli-
cacy store; boys for stores, butcher-shops,
etc.; bedmaker, K5 and room; bakers' helper,
$30 and found, city. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A FEW pianos will be sold for storage at auc-
tion prices: dirt cheap for cash. WlL&O.n 3
Storage 1710 Market st.
ELEGANT furniture of ¦ 7 rooms ; separate
pieces or as a whole. 1235 Golden Gate aye.
ENGINEERS, carpenters, blacksmiths, etc.—
-Engineer for mine $90; boss here
' 2 carpenters, free fare $2 day and found
Blacksmiths and harness-makers for ranches:
Blacksmith , helper. MURRAY & READY,
.634-636 Clay St. ¦"'¦>- t - ' '
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market St.
25 rooms; $400 cash: Market st $700
40 rooms; rent $100; good furniture 1730
63 rooms: rent $100; money maker 1200
106 rooms: corner: clears $200; only 1300
$115 n ROOMS: near Market: al\ rented:
must sell. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$125—11 ROOMS; near Market: all .rented:
must sell. BASILE. 3 Eddy st. l
FOR sale— A good rooming and boarding-house,
14 rooms; 16 boarders; sickness cause of sale;
$000. Write Boarders, box 27. Call offlce.
A— 3 TAILORS, pants and vest makers, bushel-
men; fare paid: see boss here. MURRAY &
READY. 631 and 636 Clay St. --V^?
BIRCH AYE., 6—46 — 4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished. ¦
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47,
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty
engroselns: Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY &. READY.. ..PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leadlng- Employment and Labor Agents.
...WANT TO-DAY, 7 a. m.
6 laborers for a mine, see bosa here ..$6O
12 laborers, city Jobs.. sl 75 day, $30 and found
6 drillers, near San • Francisco $60
4 miners, same place ' $75
17 milkers, different places.. s3o. $25 and found
3S farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dlf-
ferent places ..$26, $25, $20 and found
14 choremen and boys $20,515. $10, found
6 coal buckers $60
10 coal miners.. $3 to ? 3 50 day
6 stablemen, city and country — $50 and $40
Farmer and wife, Monterey County. s4o and fd
233 woodchoppers, tiemakers, $2 50, $2. $1 75
cord. 10c. 12c 13c each, and 150_lobs not ad-
vertised. Come, see. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
DANCING ballroom or staffs.' quickly taught:
priv. cr class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
NINETEENTH. 8980. near Noe— Lovely sunny
lower B-room flat, with room on porch; $18;
water free. -
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission; violin. guitar.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ; ¦ . : .
NICELY furnished upper flat, 5 r.; bath piano,
fine marine view. 1061 Broadway, nr. Jones.
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done: superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood -building.
FLAT, 6 rooms and bath: 2 sunny bedrooms
and yard. 1623 Golden Gate aye.
ELEGANT sunny flat; 4 rooms, bath. 945 Wil-
low aye.. near Laguna st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech.,
survey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day and eve.
est. 1864. Van der Naillen School, 933 Market,
HEAUrS Business College, 24 Post st.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. 1 new 80-page catalogue free.
ENGINEERING, civil, eleel. mining, mech..
eurvey. assay, cyanide, arch.; day and eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933
Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
FINANCIAL-
FOR sale at onee — Saloon: central location;
cheap; no agent. Address V. KRAUS. IT
Ritch st. '.
SHOE shop; good location; fine business. Box
8006, Call office.
HELP XV ANTED— FEMALE.
GIRL for. housework and "plain cooking.' 610 V&
-Polk St. ,- y. , ;..-,:. ¦.- - ¦ ;.- ...
WANTED— Second girl for children and up-
stairs work. 617 Stelner St., near Hayes.
GIRL wanted to assist In general housework.
1737 Sutter St.. near Laguna. : .
EXPERIENCED apprentice on ¦ custom coats;
paid while learning. : 657 Minna sl, cor. Sth.
GIRL to assist in kitchen work. 914 O'Farrell
,"i street. ,:. : • .;"', ••• ¦ ;¦ ¦ • • ¦
WANTED— Good talloress on custom coats;
wages $10 to $12. IS6 Shipley St., off Fifth.
O'FARRELL. 224— Woman to work in lodglng-
. house part of day In exchange for room rent.
FIRST-CLASS waist finishers and improvers
at dressmaking. : 329 O'Farrell st.
. APPRENTICE ¦to learn cording. I also for fin-
ishing on silk;' waists. S. F. MFG. CO.; 409 A
¦ Turk st. - ' :.-¦ ¦¦'¦ .- '..-.. ' .
GIRL to learn custom vestmaklng. 26 . Elgin
Park. - '.' ';.-•¦¦ ..
GOOD girl, about 15, for companion and assist
light housework In family of two. . Apply
after 5, 154 Clinton Park. - -
GIRL for housework. Apply 61 Cumberland st.
between Nineteenth and Twentieth. Guerrero
land Dolores, . before 11 a. m., after 6 p.m..
WANTED— A competent girl to .do general
housework and cooking; small family. Call
¦at 418 Lombard st. . ¦
COMPETENT German or Scandinavian girl
that understands cooking and housework. 317
Larkin St.- v • . ¦ -
FIRST-CLASS help in ladies' tailoring. VER-
DIER. 944 Geary st.
WAITRESS wanted. 608 Seventh ix.
EMPLOYMENT } WASTED— M ALE. ? j
SITUATION wanted by young man at '*¦ house-
cleaning or any other work by the Oay.'-.iiEa*-
RY ANDERSON.", 952 Bush st. * -
ATTENDANT— Competent nurse deslres_ en-
gagement to attend Invalid gentleman; hlgn-
eßt references. Address box 4459. Call offlce.
COACHMAN and man about place— By smart.
r*ctlve. respectable, mlddle-Rged man. Ar-
dress Winchester Hotel, •room 625.
PAPERH ANGER and painter desires position
with individual or firm. Address Box 3008,
Call office. • . -
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes situation; care
. of horses and garden; can milk; small wages;
city references. Box 4475, Call office.
ACTIVE elderly man would like to get situa-
tion In any capacity, city or country; a good
cook for small place. Box 3018, Call., v
YOUNG man wants situation as coachman and
gardener. Box 3013, Call office. .
BRIGHT man not afraid of work would like
a »os!tlon steady as Janitor or laborer: had
considerable experience as both. Please ad-
dress F. J. R., 1718 Fillmore st.
POSITION wanted by thorough accountant and
fine penman : good references. Address box
8003. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man would like a situation as
foreman or timekeeper over men or teams or
to drive and exercise horses; no objection to
country. United States Hotel, room 91, IZ3
Eddy st. . ¦ ¦ ' " •
HONEST and capable young German wants
situation as porter in wholesale house or ho-
. tel. Address box 2723. Call offlce, Oakland.
CHEF or steward desires position; hotel or res-
taurant; first-class city references. Box 4/,
Call branch offlce, 615 Larkln Bt.
ALL around first-class cook: wide experience;
good reputation: sober and economical; wishes
situation. GEORGE STULL, 106 Eddy, r. 44.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st. j
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 v a- ,
ler.cla st. - ¦
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
¦ tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 12?3 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
MEDICATED BATHS.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 1900.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
TJTTFINKFS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
rntil 12 o'clock every nlrht la the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
ccrcer Gay; open until 9:SO p. m.
SCO Have* rtreet: open until 9:39 p. m.
tSS McAllleter «treet: cpen until 9:8» p. m.
rib Larkls etreet; cpen until 9:Jb p. m.
IMI MisFlcn Ftreet; open until 10 p. m.
CO Merket rtreet. corner Sixteenth: open
cntn t p. m.
JC« Eleventh etreet; open tirtl! 9 p. in.
IC9« Valencia etreet : epen until 9 p. m.
112J Polk ttreet: cpen until S p. m.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky street*: cpen until J P. m.
SIEETING NOTICES.
CALD7-ORNIA Chapter No. E. R. A. M.. «
will meet THIS .TUESDAY) EVEX-J^-
ING, March 13, at 7:30 o'clock. RoyalTtJ^
Arch degree. Hy order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodpe No. 30. F. and •
A. M -Meeting THIS (TUESDAY) Jk
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second VTf
degree. 080. J. HOBE. Sec. /V^
PACIFIC Lodge No. 13«. F. and A. M.. »
121 Kddy ft., meets THIS (TUESDAY) J\-
KVENING. ;it 7:30 o'clock. Flret de- TtX
gree. GEO. PENLINUTON. Sec. '^* A
ORIENTAL LfKlffe No. 144, F. and A. fl
M.— Firm degree THIS (TUESDAY) _»%_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Ak>\
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary, /^r
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockhuldem of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the offlce of the •
company. Z27 Market tt.. San Francisco. Cal..
nn MONDAY, the 26th day cf March. ISM. at
the hour of 12 m., for the purjKtse of eieciing
a board of director* to serve f<;r the ensuing ¦
year ar.d the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Friday. March 16. IKK).
at 12 m. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. "927
Market St.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from" 6oc; badly de-
cayed teeth ¦ carefully I treated j and j filled or
crowned without pain; plates, that fit from
$4 SO up; open evenings and Sundays. .
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5 a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25;, teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 60: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth st. ' . ,
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket et., cor. 4th. rm. 1,/ Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. ' m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
¦ derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $6; gold crowns. $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver, fOe: painless extraction, EOc; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh — Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty ; all work reasonable; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3: crowns,
11. IDEAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings, 25c.
GUARANTEED dentistry; $1 week; we refer to
6000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Sixth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. , DR. H. G.
YOUNG. »41 Polk st. .
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and- Sundays. 850 Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partmeut open to all during March. 103 Post.
K. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 287 Geary at.; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
tng.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St..
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741A- Howard sC
GIRLS WANTED.
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 36V4 Fremont St.; elevator.
GlRL— German speaking; one who stops horn*
preferred., . 1053 Market St., upstairs. Call
after 9 a. m. .
YOUNG girl for light housework In small fam-
ily. ;. Call 2804 Pine St.. -.
LJNDELL House, corner Sixth and Howarfl—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
FURNISHED rooms, 750. $1. $1 26 per week.
METROPOLITAN. 814 Fourth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD 4 CO.. Attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
WANTED— IOO men to try «ur 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister.
STRONG, active girl at St. Nicholas Laundry.
Seventeenth ! and Folsom sts.
GIRL for light housework; small family. IU4
Ellis st. ¦ : - : - '
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c .night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED-A neat rirl for second work. Ap-
ply between 9 and 12, 2932 Jackson st. '
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ¦ : .
WANTED— Good plain cook; wages $20. Apply
,1140 Oak at. . .- ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
A FEW hundred more sewing machine operat-
ors wiil find work In Levl Strauss & Co.'s fac-
tory. 82% Fremont st. MR. DAVIS, foreman.
MONEY WANTED.
$20,000 IX sums to suit; security. Improved
ranches; will pay 8 to 10 per cent for 1. S or
S years; write particulars. Address Money.
box 38. Call office. i -¦- r .
FLATS TO LET.
BEATUIFUL new 5-room sunny flat; porcelain
tub. 6 Chelsea place, off Bush. bet. Stockton
and Powell.. ¦
WANTED— Woman desirous of traveling In a
business capacity. Box 4465. Call.
CHESTNUT. 733, above Taylor— 6 rooms and
¦ bath; large yard: fine marine vlew.^ ¦
WANTED— Finisher on custom coats at 200%
Turk St.. near Jones. .
FIRST-CLASS talloress on pants. 189 Montgom-
ery 'St.
DRESSMAKER— HeIp and apprentice wanted,
M 07% Bush sl
FLAT of 6 rooms; modern: bath; rent $13. 811
Filbert st. • . '
WANTED— A first-class saleswoman for lace
department for Sacramento. Apply 62S Mar-
ket st.. room 7, from 2 to 3 d. m.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurse irirl for boy J years old; must do sew-
ing. I 997 Golden Gate aye.
MISSION, Mil and 1518, near Eleventh— s and 8
large sunny rooms; bath; laundry; rent $18
and $22. : . '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Fillmore.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.: life
scholarship. $30; send .for catalogue.
NW. COR. Sutter and Pcott: finest flat in city
for the price: Investigate; 6 large rooms and
large glazed porch; appreciated If seen.
416 AUSTIN aye., near Gough; a modern sunny
flat of 5 rooms and- bath; rent $15.
ARE you in need of a plane?" We have a largo
assortment of new and second-hand pianos of
the best makers; sold for cash or very caay
payments; $6 down and $6 per month for an
¦ elegant new upright; some good planes for
$3. $4 and $S per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.. Stelnway dealers, corner Sutter and
Kearny sts.. San Francisco; corner Thirteenth
and Broadway, Oakland.
6 SUNNY rooms, $*14; also cottage, 4 rooms,
near Mail dock. Key at 623 Second st.
$14— WORTH $18: flat. 5 rooms, bath. 1417 Pa-
cific st., near Hyde.
FLATC TO LET FURNISHED.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous#
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 23 and 30 O'Faxren St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing msssible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
XI.'ABE ulanos: tew scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 20 O'Farrell at.
FINE assortment of old and new violins In all
sizes Just received from Europe: they wera
selected by experts for the MAUVAIS Ml'-
SIC CO.. 7C3 Market St.
THE Packard pianos are not cheap pianos, but
they are first-clans la tone and unequaled In
finish: you buy them for a short time only at
introductory prices at MAUVAIS'. 769 Mar-
ket st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to insure prompt sales.
\V\ C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
CLASSES in German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. A<sd. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
FLAT of 4 rooms; will rent furnished or fur-
niture sold cheap. Apply 3641 Twenty-fourth
St., near Guerrero.
FLAT of 6 rooms, nicely furnished; rent rea-
sonable. 35 Turk St.. near Taylor."
EMPLOYMENT- OFFICES.
A^JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment offlce; established over five years.
421 Post Ht. ; telephone Bush 135. .
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, rarpets. 757 Ml««lon: tel. Red 3335.
;-. \ « HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
JESSIE. 470 — House of 6 rooms and bath.
REED, 14—6 rooms, bath. gas. ba»»ment: fine
view. Apply 1325 Washington st.. near Jones.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation 3
first-class cook and good baker; good refer-*
enc«. 78 Natoma st.
TO let— A pleasant sunny house, 7 rooms. 3356
Twenty-first st.. near Guerrero. ¦ r
$15—22 DE BOOM St., off Second, near Brannan;
7 rooms and bath; all newly papered.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to learn drens-
maklng; pay while learning.. 403 Bryant Bt.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engagements
by the day. Address 837 Howard St.
WOMAN wishes situation; thoroughly under-
stands housework; plain washing; city or
country; moderate wages. 924 Washington St.,
near Powell.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — House in Western Addition. 8 to 10
rooms; $5000 to $10,000; state location, price,
terms and when built. Address box 3007. Call.
WAITRESS wishes situation; dinner. 416 Jones
street. '
GOOD French-German cook wishes situation.
Call or address New Golden Gate Hotel, 134
Fourth st.
THOROUGHLY competent lady stenographer
with typewriter desires permanent postlon.
Address X. A. M.. Call Branch, 1096 Valencia.
YOUNG lady, graduate of the Standard square-
Inch tailor system, desires position ¦ with
¦wholesale clothing house to do cutting and
fitting. Address box 2730, Call office, Oakland.
GIRL wishes situation to do general " house-
work: good cook; wages from $20 to $25. Call
at 3C2 Eleventh st., near Harrison; no postal
cards answered. . . .'.'-.
EMPLOYSIENT WANTED — -MALE, v
10ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA. 2i2S—Sßnny parlors or rooms for
lixht housekeeping: gas range; reasonable.
EDnT. Cl2-Parlor floor: elerant sunny rooms: j
rvery convenience; reasonable; will separate, i
EDiiy Sl7— Front housekeeping roorr.s, fur- i
nlfhed; splendid locaUon: private residence. |
FT'LT'iN. So»— Furnished. 2 or 3 housekeeping j
rocrr.s; yard and bath.
GEART 475— Large alcove front room; house-
keeping if desired|jiJ>o_other room cheap. ;
COUiE.v"gatFsv«.. 311-Larire front alcove
room eas. b«.th and runnmg water, for l.ght
hous*keW.ng; private family: refs.; $14 only.
If»WA RD.~«2»-^i-ar>re sunny room, complete j
for ho-j*»kffr>ing. $2; rsltta t2 Ji-
i'OWAPJ* 1J24— 2 sunny rooms, furnished com-
Ilete fr>r hcustkeeping: gas range.^
lIYI-E 4-tS— Twosnnny front suites, complete
for hoas*k«rlnit. $IC; also suite $14.
MARKET. 13«. "The Mor.srcb," opp. Odd Fel-
lows' Hall-2 nice furnished conc-cting houje-
k»«-plng rooms, all conveniences; also 2 nice ,
snd »unny front rooms for light housekeeping. ,
BJOKfi" IK off Howard, near Seventh— 2 or II
roorri» furnished complete for housekeeping, j
J771k~ 1217— Sunny houiwkeeplng rooms. 2. 1 |
ar 4.' cTtinectlne; $16. $12 and $15. i
rKNTH. ISS— Furnished front room for house-
* k«?«plni; aiso single room.
THIRTEENTH. 175— Front room and back par-
lor, fcr housekeeping: rent $10.
VaV VESS. 44.1—1 suncy connecting rooms.
sSinteuTtor housekeepicg: staUonary tubs;
pi TctTurrFD adv«-t!sem»rjts and subscriptions
at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
7 RPAVCH office for Call advertisements and
•utacripiioos has b««n established at IOM V«.
.. lenc*a St.
a BRANCH oI2c« for tb« recejrtlon of adver-
' ti^niSts and sob^rtptlons has b*«a op«n*l
at 122J Pott sC; cs«a till I p. m.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
REAL ESTATE COL'XTRV — For Sale ,
A GENUINE "Snap" bargain: must sell this j
w»ek: SO acres xery richest of highly cultl- ;
'<-•¦': level loam in crop; not an inch of j
waste; f«"need: 110 bearing fruit trees: rest- j
c»nce. barn. 2 wells, etc.; 14 miles from city;
cc'y S2**i.
N. D f-ICKELS— the LAND AGENT.
10 Gesry ft., epp Chronicle building. S. F.
Ci* ACRES in Stanislaus County, rear rall-
rnad; water; grcwlng crops; under fence and
all ether improvements. For particulars ad-
*re-s cr call W. P. CROW. 1334 Polk, city.
MARION GRIFFIN. Til Market, nr. Call bldg. j
Lasd (or sale in Sonoma. Contra Costa. Glenn, i
Fanta Cruz. Shasta and Tehama Cos.. Cal. j
COTTAGE^ — S rorrcs. bath, basement, stable; H i
block from Market st. Apply 2403 Folscm st. ;
HAVE you real estate in the Mission or Hor- !
nT** Addition that you wish to disroee of .
th»n call en W. J. OUNN. £33 California st. j
A WEEK'S r.ews for 5 c»nts— The Weekly Call, j
i* P»*»s. In wrapper, for mailins;. Jl per year. ¦
3ff on'hly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg
via Mexican ports. Central, Sooth America, sto.
S 8 SATHOR SAILS ABOUT MARCH tl ;
i. d. srsxcxßU * bbos. co_ i <*•*. '"¦-*— TJ. 9t
Leave Arrlvs
Ean FranciscoL In E.Tect San Franclscw.
h October 15. — . 1 "
Week Sun- UW. Sun- | Week
Days. days. Destination, days. | Days.
7:» am S:*» am| NoTato. »:40 am 1 1:43 ara
8:30 pm »:30 am! P*talnma. «:0S pm;lo:S> ara
5:10 pm &:0O pm! Santa Rosa. T:33 pmj t:22 pra
IFnlton, I
Windsor. 113:33 am
HeaJdsburg. j
C^yaervllle,
1:30 pm 8:0»am| cloverdaJe. 7:35 pm! «:23 pra
7:30 am' IHopland and I j
I t:0O am' UkUh. I 7:25 prn. 5:23 pm
7:30 am [19:25 ant
S:O am GuemeTllle. 7:33 pen!
1:30 pa | t:23 pm
7:30 am 8:09 am Sonoma »:13 ami 1:40 ara
¦¦-,• .' and j
1:10 pm S:CO pm Glen Ellen. (:06 pm, 1:23 pra
W. E. LANE, rhone Mala US. C3> California,
r: : »n>n i b'x!r'» r!urnb«r.
IIKAL ESTATE CITV — FOR SALE.
A~M. SPECK & CO. "~"~^
L ian Money.
€<7 Market st-. opposite Kearay.
|«3_C(V>— Grand corner. 75 ft. front; half block
frc-m Market St., not far from 6th; rents *2<V).
$."^.t»«>— Rare Investment; vicinity Powell and
C,»z.ry: 4-6t:^ry brick building; stores and lodg-
I:.r house above; SE feet front.
MS.*."} — Corner; rents $400; modern lmprove-
r.«rts: let 40x135 feet.
K6.sOO— Near Eddy and Jcnes; store and 28
rooms above; modern: pays 7 per cert net.
t24.oo<>— Sixth St.: 75 feet front; rents $2400
j»»arly; irood bulldinjrs; 4 stores.
jsiiM) — Six elegant new flats; lot 50x100 ft.;
ci: rented for $i 4 a month; grand bargain.
tTO BtX good fiats; rtnts $SSO yearly; down-
town; lot 50 feet front.
(CM— l choice Cats; Hayes St.; mortgage
34 yf10; a Etiap.
:c..rf»-Poat St.; I rood Cats; rents $«0; let
CXIUL
SCSQ — Ccrner store and ft-room fiat; rents $37;
foreclosure.
tllZA — 4 fiats within few blocks of »th and
Market ets. ; rests $35.
S:7:,0 — Two nic« fiats: rents $16.50.
$TS£p — Six room* and lot 4Cx72 feet.
A. M. SPECK & CO . €€7 Market et.
$;400— WHERE can you do as well? N>w cot-
taee, also stable; only 1 block from Foleom
st. car. Apply Alabama and Montcalm.
Ryan's grocery.
<Eyo— WORTH $4^00; store. 3 rooms, bath; fiat
above. 5 rooms, bath; rented *30. 1417 Pacific.
FOR sa> cheap — Bush. E. of Van Ness aye. ;
nice, large residence; couM be turned Into
".ats at small expense; very sunny; lot iOx
127:6. Apply store 111* Larkin rt.
JF ycu have lots In Richmond district, north of
the Park, tftst you wish to s«Il quickly then
call en W. J. GUV2C. lVi California st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41S Montgomery rt.. rooms 9-10: tel. IZ"X.
SEWISG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 6th; phone Mint 4S.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rnt»*«. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE A>D WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 451 Post Bt., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
BERKIN*S van and storage. 1340 Market; tele-
rhone South £35: pacing, moving and storage.
I ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SI4OO— CORNER lot: Santa Clara aye.; 50x150;
' near Morton-st. station.
SIMC — Fine let; WxlSO; Paru St., near the
; bay: bargain.
UooO— Elegant lot, west side of Lafayette st,
near San Antonio aye.: snap.
J3lo&— New modern 8-room house: Alameda
avenue, near Lafayette st. ; large lot.
13500— New Colonial, 7-room cottage: Grand
¦ ct.. near Alameda aye.; easy installments;
: large lot; snap.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda; all tha
| above can be bought on easy terms.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT,
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
ROO3IS TO LET — Fora, and I'nforn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Roomi
25c to X per night; 11 25 to 15 j>er week, and
light housekeeping; open all nfght.
BOHEMIA. 233 Post st.. cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water: elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 142« Market St. >oIJ No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites. (Ingle: also unfurnished.
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner: well turn.; nns. & of flees.
ELLIS, ElS— Elegantly furnished front and back
parlor: also single room.
FOLSOM. 9€5. corner Sixth (The OlUer)— Sunny
fum>hed rooms; suites or single; new mjmt
GEART. 405 (The Nararre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, suites or single: travelers accora.
HANCOCK House. 7M Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 SO to ti per week.
LARKIN, ITC2. near Washington — Sunny alcove
or small room with private family.
MINNA. 537— One small furnished front room.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— New furnlihed
bay window room, SI per week; transient.
MISSION. 122<>— Sunny room for two: running
water: grate: gas; quiet house.
MISSION*. 1723 W. near Thirteenth— Nicely fur-
nished room and bath; U a month. ».-
OTARRELL, I* 1 — Sunny furnished rooms and
off!ces: elevator: electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
POLK. r,22— Furntehed and unfurnished house-
keeping- rooms; suite and single; rent cheap.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms. ;
suites or single; running water; gas; reas.
ROTAL House. 1» Ellis et.— lncandescent light,
reading room, emokicg room and ladles' par-
lor- rocms per night. 35c to tl t«: week, S2 ta
18; month. M to $20; elevator on office floor;
rocms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEDALE Hous«. SIS & 321 Elll* St.— Rooms.
night. 25c to |l; week. Si 25 to U; open night.
SAN ANTONIO, 21 Taylor, near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture: hot and cold water: radiators; salt
s»a baths: suites and single rooms.
SEVENTH. 122—3 newly furnished rooms; gen-
tlemen preferred; terms reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment Hcuse. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
ST PETER'S House, 706 California— Changed
hands; nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keeping rooms.
THE OAKS 119 Third— A gosd rooming house
for geM people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TWENTY-SECOND. 2252— Sunny rooms, double
or single, furnished: gas and bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r-<re{v«KS at Call branch office. 2200 Fillrnore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencla, tt. '
A BRANCH office fcr the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 r>. m.
ROOMS A.MJ BOARD.
A— HOTEL La Normandie, JM Eddy— Sunny
suites and single rooms : everything new; flrst-
class table and service; prices moderate.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market st.— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table first class;
reduced rates.
NEW family hotel; first class in all appolnt-
meite; excellent table: rpeclal Inducements to
select people. 807 California St.. occupying
ccrner opposite Grace Church.
TURK. Sl4— Elegantly furnished alcove and
rarlor suites; single rooms; board optional;
moderate.
HOTEL SALISBURT. Hr<J» & Eddy: changed
hands: thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
! BUPII. ?13— Flr-e sunny rooms, with board.
LAS PALMAS. ISM Market st.. —Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath: aln. rms. ; board optional.
VAN NESS. 544 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: reasonable; modern conveniences.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address in th«
Pnited Ftat»«. postpaid, fir *1 p*r year.
_, RO<nis WAXTEP v ~
WANTED— 2 or 3 rooms furnished for honse-
k«>»ring: 10 minutes' walk from Call building;
no children. Box 3>>2. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamr* for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies." in letter by return mall: at drug-
gjgts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
A for Morntn ( I* for A f terooon.
* Daily. ? Sanday eTr-n'j^l t Snudsy only.
6 dstoiday «-n'y.
aTa'«l'y««rdF-W«is « nmr»lsy» iw«l Pnndays.
CAUFORNIA NORTBVESTEKrETrca
ZjEJSSHJHI
SAM FRAXCISCQ AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAMY.
Tlburon firry. Foot of Mark.it Sc
BAN FRANCISCxTtO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— I:». 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:13,
1:80 S:W. «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 r>. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at l.l*
and 11:30 p. m.
6UNDATS— i:M. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:3% J»-
8:00. t.t» p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT»-«:13. 7:00. »:». 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, S:U 9. m. Saturday* — Extra, trip* at
1:55 and (:3S p. m.
BUNDAT&-«:1J; »;*>. IVM a. m.; 1:40. 3:40. «:(«.
«:3S 9. m
Between San Francisco and SchueUen Park
same schedul« as abore.
MISCELL.AXEOUS — FOR SALE
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor; i locomotives. 220 Fremont. '
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planes, lathes.
iron » wonj; Id-hand. J. BUIUtE. 139 BesJ>.
¦USCtbtOJaAaSUL'* UA.VTS.
wAXTEI>-«-crnil-h«iiilw AXTEI>-«-crni1-h«iii1 upright ptar.o for !
<»"*•• H I. WHITEHEArt. 17;« Marttrt »t. ]
OFFICE* AMJ STOKES— TO LET.
COAL yard and stable: O'Fsrrell St.. near Tay- ;
lor; low rental. Crvt-class location. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. •
5-1— TO let; *u=ny store: counters snd shelving,
and 3 iivinc rooms, iocs Natoma, near 11th.
F.MMA SPRECKELS tuildinr. S-27 Market St.;
r.Kxmnj offices.- fis p*r mvnth.
'2*"' — PT<~»RE: 2 phow-w!r.<l<iwji and 5 large rmm* ;
a^.-irteri '.rt ar.y h!;<;n"yy 422 PlTth >t.
-.„ — OWIM.
OPIUM, menihlne and wfcieky habit cured at
home; '¦abso'.utelv painless"; no cure no pay;
write far b«efc. Operine Medicine Co., bex
I*. Atlanta. Oa.
PALiIISTUvi
MME. HANPON. pa'.mlctry. W; card reader:
t-ast. pres^r.t. future. 22c. 145 Six'.h St.. r. 12.
iI.MK. N^ergaard. Prea. St. Germain College of
Pslmlatrr: read* 1m « fffl Geary, nr Jon*«.
i"vm\i;u> wasted.
PARTNER wanted In a thoroughly established
-rhjlesa> bu»ines»: «38,"0Q necessary. If you
net the money do not answer. Box
*«'j Ca'.: offlo. i
PASTURAGE.
COOP r*»turage cheap. In-juir* 107 Tenth St.
PERSONALS.
GENTLEMAN. 84. S"me~capital. desires ac-
>iua!r.ian<-e of servant or country girl: object,
rr-atrlmony; references must be exchanged.
Addrw box SOU. Call ogee.
BFI.I.r>-Ot:DRY
_ IS NOT A LADT.
AN experienced mass«\i*» wishes to give mas-
fnge treatment to a few more laiiles at their
home; physicians' references. Adiress iias-
sage. frX> Ellis «t.
MAfiRIAGE PAPER
Best publish***— FßEE.
J. W. GUNNELLS, Toledo. Ohio.
LEDERER Qulntcnica is a fierfe-rt hair tone;
23c tot. L*derer's fottno shampoo is the
t>*M Se rkg G. LEDEP.ER. IS S-orkton Ft.
A FINE suit t.j order tl« 75. or pante 13 75; our
specialty in rwr.cants allow* us to «ell cheap-
er than ready-ma-le. L. LEMOS. HIT Market
Ft., bet. 7th and e th. prop. One-price Tailor-
Ing 0., i 2 Kearry. near Sacto.; also 1644
Market rt.. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third rt.. n«ar Market: 100 rooms:
2Sc to Jl TO p*r night; SI SO to J6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE fashionable people all go to LEDERER' s
to have their hair dressed; newest styles and
latest effects, 2Sc; manicuring. 25c; neatest
parlors in the city. 12 Stockton st.
BLAND'P second-hand clothing store. 79 Ninth:
full value given for ladi*«'. children's ca*t-o2
dothtr.g. trunks, etc. Phone. Howard 11*2.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia: ail pain leaves like magic frcm her
wonderfully rifted hands. 1343 Howard St.
PRIVATE detective ¦wcrk: reasonable rates:
10 y»s-s' experience. J. B. RAT. SIT Jessie st.
CAPH NOME ftU rocker: cheapest and best.
Cm exhibition at BUM Mission st.
FOX sa!e — Gss range, bed aad dining-room
twts. Call 221 Turk et.
WA3CTED-OM told for macurg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler, 24$ O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mvn.
IF you wich full value for your cast-oft cloth-
!r.g- rail on B. Coh»n. 1~ Third: tel Black 4123.
LADIES' ar.il gents' east-efT clothing- bought and
¦oM Eilvcrman. 554 FcHom; tel Foisotn, 1191.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, ir'.tts. leather
cats. H. M. HEINEMAN. jtt Sansome et.
STAMMERING <» rrectod : b<vk!et. J. WHITE-
HOP.N. A.M.. Pa. P.. lr.Z Linden st.. Oaklar.d.
PHYSICIANS A.\D SCRGEO.XS.
TR. C. C. ODONNELL— OffIee and residence,
Vfy~i Mark?' rt.. h<t. Sixth and S-venth.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FRUTIGER— In this city. March 11, 1900. to
the wife of George- F. Fru tiger, a son.
MAZEAN— In this city. March 4, 1900, to the
wife of J. Mazean, a son.
6TE. MARIE— In this city. March 8, 1900, to
the wife of A. H. Ste. Marie, a soil
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Marcua Lewln. 32. 817 Natoma street, and
Esther Levy, 26. 206 Second street,
Martin Stalling, 85, Seventerath and Church
streets, and Eva C. Hollings, 28, 9» Larkln »t.
Charles C. Freeman,. 22. Windsor, N. C. and
Llule A. O'Connor, IS, 332 Twenty-second aye.
George H. Rohrs, 4», 605 Franklin street, and
Augusta Crome, 40, 1514 Larkin street.
R. Campbell, 29, city, and Grace Daggett,
S, city.
Samuel Rose, 25, 140 Colllngwood street, and
Mabel F. Thompson. 19, 136 Jersey street.
George S. Foilansbee. 21. S426A' Pine street,
and Ella M. Forbes, 21. 1960 Bush street.
Albert H. Wisner, 42. city, and Josle Hed-
strom. 33, city. _
Alfred O. C. Petersen. 34, Golden West Hotel.
and Emma A. Nlethammer. 15. US Fourth et.
James Lorenzana, 30. £01 Mason street, and
Joeephln* Barrera?. 27, 601 Mason street.
McCARTHY-^n this city. March 12, 1900, John,
beloved husband of Katie McCarthy, father
; of Morrie and Irene McCarthy, son of Han-
nah and ¦ the late Michael McCarthy, and
brother of James, Michael and Thomas Me-
Mrs. T. Carey and Maggie and Mamie Mc-
Carthy, a native of New York, a*ed 31 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock. ' from his late
residence, 27i> Tenth street, thence to St- Jo-
seph's Church, where a'solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hi*
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McCRIMMON— In Oakland, March 12, 1900,
Mary Jane, beloved wife of Kenneth Mc-
Crimmon. mother of W. H. McCrimmon and
Mrs. ¦ R. Vandenbos. and sister ot i Mrs. D.
McLeod, aged 64 yean.
MELSE— In Manila, December 18, 1839, Milton
S. Melse. late member of Company D. First
Washington Volunteers. - a native of Califor-
nia, ased 2fi years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chap<*l of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment" Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, March 10, 1300, Peter,
beloved hueband of Mary Schelhlng Miller,
father of Louis and Wilhelm Miller, and
brother of Joseph Miller and Pauline Ruts, a
native of Germany, aged 42 years 8 months
and 13 dayi. ,
ETRemalng at the funeral parlors •of
Charles W. Jacob & Co., 313 Mason street,
between G«-ary and O'Farrell.'
NORRIS— In this city. March 12. 1900. John
Norris, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 70
years.
O'HALLORAN— In this city, March 11. 1900,
Bridget, beloved wife of Timothy O'Halloran.
and mother of J. J. O'Halloran, a native of
Ireland, aged S2 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from 1103 Mason
street,- thence to St. Dominic's Church.
Btelner street, where a requiem high ma«s
will be celebrated for the- repose of her soul.
commencins at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
O'NEILL— In this city. March 11, 1900. Charles
P. O'Neill, beloved father of Mrs. William H.
Gagan. and brother of Richard O'Neill and
Mrs. David ©"Mahoney. a native of Ireland,
aged 74 years. (Sacramento papers please
copy.)
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1516 Sanchez ¦ street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, where a requiem high mass will b«
celebrated for the repose of his soul com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Thir-
tieth street and San Jose avenue.
RIZZI— In this city. March 10. 1900, Giuseppe
Rlzzl. beloved uncle of Angelo Rlzil of Brook-
lyn, N. V., a native of Vlgglo, Italy, aged 75
years and 2 months.
SULLY— In this city. March H. 1900. Annie S.
Sully, a native of Jersey City, aged 64 years
1 month and 13 days.
tyFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 2210 Twenty-third street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
TOBIN— In this city. March 12. 1300, Mary, wifs
of James Tobln. a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged «5 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TYLER— In Mill Valley. March 13, 1900. en-
tered into rest. William Bute, beloved hus-
band of Louise Currier Tyler, and son of th«>
late Judge G. W. Tyler, a native of Callfor
nla. (Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
(C7"lnterment private.
WALLNER— In this city, March 12, 1900, Jonas
P. Wallner, a native of Vollmer, Idaho, aged
39 years.
WEILHERMER— In Fresno. March U, 1900,
Aieline Wellhermer, beloved wife of Aaron
Wellhermer, and mother of Lillian and Louis
Weilhermer, a native of San Francisco, aged
86 years.
ICTThe funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Wednesday), at the chapel at
Home of Peace Cemetery on the arrival of
the 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
WEIS— In this city, March 12. ISOO, at the Col-
lege of Notre Dame, Dolores street. Sister M.
Sabastlenne Wels, a native of Luxembourg.
Holland, aged 6S years. 43 year of religious
profession.
(C7"A requiem mass for the deceased sister
wilt take place In the college chapel to-mor-
row (Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
WIEDMANN— In this city, March 12. 1900, Ada-
line M. L. Wledmann. beloved daughter of
Jacob and Chriline Wifdmann, a native of
San Francisco, aged S months and 7 days.
ps^TT. - Pr»a\T> TBAVXLb
ummrmKHTt r*»iFir ro»p»r».
(F4CirlC KTWTSX.)
T|»|M !•«»»«• nm*t M* •*«•• «• *rrl»« mi
. MAN Klt»?l«'l%4 •».
(Vain Line. Foot of Market Street.)
1750— LODGING house of 40 rooms; best location
in Oakland; apply Quickly. ALDEN CO., 1111
Broadway.
Tt me _l.l6 , ;06%; 7-U. MIH; 54f. 1:07. Bad start. • Won ridden out, second and third .driv
ing r. Winner - D- J Cameron * Co.'s b. : m.," by Imp. E*gle Plume- Frlola. ¦ Sardine was best.
and if she had not been practically left at post would have won. Miss Rowena was high,
but had: a world of sper*
HEN R V d. G ALL AG HER CO.,
(Successors to-Flannagan * Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
M Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO .
a Dr. Gibbon's .Dispensary,
620 KUBST XT. Established
m I*s-4 for the treatment of Prirat*
Dtieasrs. Lost Manhood. Debility or
, disease^s»rlng on bortyaixl mind and
skin Diseases. The doctorcureswben
»tb#rs fail. Try him. Charge* low
t'nre«»s;iis»r»n«e*d. Cal lor write.
Or. J. V. kIBBO jf. Box l»37.San Frardaco <•
NORTH OAKLAND Investments for quick re-
turns.
J476— A gcod bulldlrg lot 75x100, bet. Grove
and We*t rts.
$7CO— A Grove-sL corner: lot 50x90.
$750— A 4-roam hard-finished cottage: lot'33x
100; rented for $S4 per annum.
S93O— A choice buildlcg lot. 40x100: W. side of
Telegraph are. Other buys in proportion.
R. J. MONTGOMERY,
470 Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
Tlm - Ti -26- *4 :51: % 1:1SH; mile. .1:41%. Good start.- Won easily, second and third driv
*lnsr .Winner' -M.~ J. Collins A Co.'s eh. g., by Imp. Mertwa-LJKie Hooker. As the race was
run winner 'seemed pounds the best. -Tortbto lacked speed, and all bets • were declared
off ' Silver Toneis Jrtaje- gacade^ ¦ JOl L J -'i-^ln^A^-^w^xA^x^Xrwy^
020. One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. 1400.
JSOO CASH.
Seven-room hoos«; bath, pantry, china closet,
etc.; In best residence portion; sunny, large
lot; driveway: between 2 car lines; close to
buFlness center, schools, etc; must be sold this
week; balance bank mortgage.
J. S. MYERS,
lOCS Broadway.
Oakland.
$2750. REDUCED from I3.VK), to clean up an
estate; house, 7 rooms, bath, modern in all
appolntntf-ms; barn and outbuildings; In the
brtt. residence position; lot 50x120; flowers,
lawn, etc: convenient to business center,
cars, etc; (000 cash, balance bank mortgage.
J. S. MYERS,
J5O CASH, t« monthly; chicken run of 60x256 ft.;
unfinished new cottage. 2 rooms; chicken
yard: all fenced: price all told 1375: more land
can be had cheap: soil, climate and water ex-
cellent. away from cold winds and fogs; grand
view; near a 80- foot-wide boulevard and elec-
tric car line; not far • from a fine 3-story
scboolhouse; is building up fast: 4 houses al-
ready gone up on the place; Westall Tract,
adjoining East Oakland; call or send for cir-
cular. 4^5 Seventh st.. nr. Broadway, Oakland.
HENRY -Z. JONE3, Owner.
Time— "A -*4- H °48H' : % 1:14 - f^ 1 " start. Won first three driving. Winner. T. O. Fergn
unn'H c'h'"sr' by Tammany- Beau Catcher. Limerick won on gameness. Eaplrando handled
hi. weight well. Sister Alice "blew ud." Soratched-Sevens 10«. Truxlllo 111. Lew Zara
92, Prrelamatlon'94. f^bru«JTrJLll ; MayG
Time— *4 -13; %• :WVi; %. l:03H; Ti. 1:291-4: mile. 1:42; l^m. 1:55. Oood start. Won easily.
second and third driving. Winner. C. E. Durnell's b. g., by Kaclne-Powwow. Winner out
classed his field^ScratcJied^la^n^JJ^O;^^
OAKI.A.MJ REAL ESTATE.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SauMllto Ferry.
Commaccina; October V U99.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL YALLET
¦ AND SAN RAFAEL.
IVBiCK DATS— T:«. "S:*). 11:00 a. m.: n:4sV
•3:40 5:15. 6:00. «:I0 r>. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mtll Vatlsy and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
at !>:CO and 11:10 o. m. '•
BUNDATB-*8:O>. 10M. *U:M a. m.; »1:1S,
1-U *4:45 6:30, S:CO p. m. .
'Trains marked (•) run to San Qaentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO* BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:S. 1:0. 1:*. "9:40 a. m.:
12-iQ 2:18. •SMO, •6:13 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. ?
&UNDATS-«:J0. 1:00. 1QM. Tl-M a. m.;
•1:40 •Sls.' 4:45. *C:IQ cm.
Trains marked <•> start from San Quentln. .
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATB-«:4S, «:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. m.;
U:3S. 1:35. 3:45. »:» p. m. . -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at T:CO and 10:30 p.m. - -
Bi;NDATS-«:06. 10:05 a. m.; IJ-.06. 1:15. f.M.
1-00 6:45 p. m. ¦-• ••- '¦' -."- v
: .. THROUGH TRAINS. --. .
7-00 a. m. week days— Camdero and way stations.
|-4rt p. ra. Sattirdays— Tcmales and way stations,
fefld a. m. S'lniinrt— Tfm'ssi ml'^iritHlWli
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
TOf still have a chance to make money by
buying Berkeley property.
Just because the owner is hard up and needs
money we are selling lots within sight of the
university, size 50x141, for WM.
MASON & McLENATHEN,
Adjoining P. 0., Berkeley.
A THOROUGHLY well-built house of nine
rooms, with all modern conveniences, sras,
etc ; lot 52x1*0: near the university; price (4300.
MASON & McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
T2 CHICAGO
This is the quickest rousing and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Coroxcrnro Traix Leaves Sax Fk anciscoi
5 P.n. Monday. Wednesday. Friday and
satorday. arriving: la Chicago at 2:15
P.n la time to connect with all United
trains for N«w York.
OVERLAND Le*™* San Francisco at 5:38
FYDdfcc P* ni. with Palace aad Toanst
•^ » •• S «*'• tor Kansas Citj, St. Lonia,
DAILY Chicago and East. t
Local trains between Stockton, VALLFY
Fresno, Hanford, Ytsaiia. Talare nA>r\
and Bakersfield. ¦ KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 63
•ftf)fc/*s\ cnAM Market Street, Phone Mai a
rKldlU SUUP* . IS3I . oakjan^ 11H Bread-
way; Bacran>euTo,2Cn J Street; San Jose, ? West
Baata Clara Street.
MOUNT TAMALPftIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco rla ' Saosalita Femr.
Week Day5. ...v. ;..."... .*:*> a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays 1:00, W.-<» a. m. and 1:45 p. ra.
fiteam- heated, closed ear on an trains.
* l*ars Ban Francisco to Bummlt and R»turn,
nm. ...-•--- ¦ ¦ ¦ -••¦--
&AXLBOAO TRAVEL.
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
TO
CHICAGO,
VIA
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
AND CONNECTIONS.
LEAVING SAN FRANCISCO DAILY.
8:30 A. M. and 1:30 P. M.
Effective February 15. 1900.
Get Information of Southern Paciflo ticket
agents or
• GENERAL OFFICE. 14 Montcomerr st
917. SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs ; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
California 1 imited
Santa Fe Route
T i me _u -v- V 4 :49. Good start. Won cleverly, secondhand third driving. Winner. -E.
Oorrliran's br £.. by imp. Baasetlaw-Idol. 'Coupled with Rio de Altar. Tarpey won easily,
after shaking off his field. Lily DUks ran gamely. Kingstelle tired last few yards.
Scratched— MoonbrlghtlOTjComj^ermCTe^OT^i^jtecjxe^
FOR sale — At great sacrifice if sold at once;
! southeast comer Benton st. and Alameda aye.,
. Morton station: lot 78x150, with 8-room cot-
| tage. See BEW DRUG CO. at once.
' CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
I Call. II pages, sent to any address in the
! United State*, prmtpald. Tor U per year.
916. FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; two- year-olds; purse. ftOO.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900. by H. H. Esbert.)
TANFORAN PARK. Monday. March IJ. IXX>.— Weather fine. Track fast.
CCXPABNIS GENXKALE TRAS6ATL-STIQCE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <&£s£
Saturday, from November I. 1393. at
10a.m.. from Pier 43. North River, foot of
Morton St.: L'AQUITAINE. March 15: La,
GASCOGNE. "March 22: LA TOUR AIN E. March
29- LA BRETAGNE. April 5. First class to
Havre. M 0 and upward; 5 per cent reduction
on round triD. Second class to Havre. J43; 5
t>er cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudaon building). New
York.' J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Franciso.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
YEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIV-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-LONDON-PARIS-HAMBURG.
Also New York-Hamburg Direct.
For sailing, etc.. apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. 37 B*dWy. NT.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co.'s passengers on. application.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Agts. for Pacific Coast.
401 California st.. cor. Sansome, S. F.
PICKPOCKETS AND
BURGLARS AT WORK
Two More Cases Are Reported to the
Police Without Any
Clew.
Pickpockets and burglars continue to
ply their vocation without molestation.
Sunday afternoon J. S. Reid, a carpenter,
had his pockets picked of $90 as he was
leaving the car at the Cliff House.. He
reported the matter at police headquar
ters yesterday. .
Burglars entered the room of A. J.
Murphy, an armless and legless cripple,
at £8 Third street Sunday afternoon and
turned everything In the place upside
down In a search for money. Not finding
any the burglars took thre« suits of
clothes. Murphy reported his loss at po
lice headquarters yesterday. Murphy lost
his limbs during the great blizzard in the
province of Manitoba in 1888.
ROOMS papered from IS: whitened. $1 up
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third
PLCSBEBS.
COAST MVlsnn (Rroad(laa^).
f 1 h'nl ni-ci Towneem) SU.)
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DJSPATCH FA«T BTSAMERS TO
From Sr;-ar-itreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE £12 First Class Includic? B«rta
rAnC $3 Second Class and ifeala.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
March 14. 24. April 3
COLUMBIA sails March 9. 1». 29. April S
Short line to Walla Walls, Spokane. Butte
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD. General Agent.
(30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
•»il3ANewaxV.Ci-j«rrflile.. v !*i»Joß«.Frltoß,
Boulder Crrak.naataCrazaDd Way
Htation*... »3:3a)»>
t*:l 3r Newark, Centerrllki Ha.ll Jcse. New
AlaiKlrn. Faitoo, ikraMet Creek,
S»ut% I'm aud Principal Way
Hhttion* - ;... fl»:3"a
•tilSr Kewvrk. «:»n Jono. Los G*»o» •«>-»«»
tt liSp nnn'ws' Ei:cr<l-n. Ban Jcca and
WayHt»:io"» ¦ i?'«*F
nUVT hi VISION <*»rrrm (ianziO.
(FouHt 11 .rkct Street.)
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Nary Department.
Washington. D. C until 12 o'clock noon.
April 3. ISOO. and publicly opened Immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Navy-yard. Mare
Island, Cal.; a quantity of electrical sup-
plies, generating Bets, and 1 traveling foun-
dry crane. Blank proposals will b* furnished
upon application to the Bureau or to the
Navy Pajr Office. San Francisco. Cal. A. S.
KENNT. Paymaster General U. S. N. 8-5-00.
PROPOSALS.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OAKLAMJ KUR.MTCRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
SXJNNT rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
ing: $4 up. Hotel Shasta, 122S Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ *¦? Steamers leave Broadway
wharf. San Francisco:
For Alaskan pone. 10 a. m..
flßkasV Mar. 12, 17. 22. 2?. Apr. t
Change to company's st-aners
IsT sJKUHL at Seattle.
Balw for Victoria, Vancouver <B.
HsSssaWl C.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
anJ New Whatcom (Wa»h.).
:¦:. ' 10 a. m.. Mar. 12. 17. K. 27.
Apr. 1. and every fifth day thereafter: change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at
Vancouver to C- P. Ry.
For Eureka IHumboldt Bay), 2 p. rrc.. Mar.
10, IS 20. 2S, JO, Apr. 4. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cms. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
neos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo*. Gat-lota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East Ean Pedro (Lcs Angeles) and Newport. »
a. m.. Mar. 12. IS. 20. 24. 23. April I and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles>. 11 a. m..
Mar. 10. 14. IS. 22. 28. 30. Apr. 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ropalla
and Guaymas (Mm.), 10 a. ra.. Mar. S. and 7th
of each month thereafter. '
For further information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFIOK — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIN3 A CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVET*
BETS DECLARED
OFF OH A RACE
AT TANFORAN
Judges Suspected Toribio
Was Not Ridden to
Win by Ruiz. .
¦ • ¦ ...¦
Clever Eider, Together With Owner
Stanfleld, Suspended Fending
Investigation — : Three
'"." . r .-' Favorites in Front.
Jockey Ruiz, the Southern California
strong boy, waited so long and patiently
with Toribio. a 1 to 2 favorite for the fifth
number at Tanforan yesterday, that the
crowd let out a mighty roar. The horse
looked "a moral,", and when beaten la
slow time by both Merry Boy and Wyo
ming, to say the least, it did look peculiar.
Buchanan astride Merry Boy took all
kinds of liberties with .his mount, and
then, when ready, won in a gallop. Ruiz
did the same with the horse he rode, but
did not win. So many of these ¦ »hort
priced nags have been shelved at the San
Mateo track that the judges no doubt felt
compelled to take action. They declared
all bets off, which met with the hearty
approval of the crowd, and besides sus
pended Ruiz and W. L. Stanfield. the
owner of Toribio, pending further Investi
gation.
It was reopening day at the Western
Turf Association's track. The weather
was warm and track fast. Three favor
ites managed to earn brackets.
M. F. Tarpey, from the Corrigan
etables captured the two-year-old scram
ble. The youngster ruled a warm choice,
beating Lucldia and Lilly Dlggs with ease.
Marty Bergen had the mount on The
Lady in the seven furlong affair follow
ing, so the crowd backed Decoy, making
the colt favorite. Bsrgen wafted some
time with The Lady, eventually coming
on through and downing the first choice
a neck, amid -tremendous applause. Tekla
ran into the show.
Potente, held at odds on the ring, made
a cakewalk of the mile j and a furlnng
handicap after Anchored bad led to the
stretch. Morlnel -lost the place to Red
Pirate.
For the fourth number Limerick, Miss
Marion and True Blue finished three noses
on the post in the order named. The win
ner, a 6 to 1 shot, received excellent hand
ling at the hands of Jack Martin.
With any sort of a fair start Sardine
could. have taken the closing five, and a
half furlong spin. She was almost loft
and then ran a close third behind the fa
vorite. May W, and Miss Rowena.
Track Notes.
Frank Eckert laid heavily against Tori
bto, and the decision did not suit him a
little bit.
Only thirteen books cut In, quite a fall
ing off from Oakland.
Caesar Young and his crew leave for the
East to-night.
Combermere was not allowed to start In
the opening event because It was claimed
he was ndt registered In time to make
him eligible. The Judges also said there
was some doubt as to his ownership. No
explanations would be listened to, and
with this dangerous customer out of tha
way Corrtgran's M. F. Tarpey won easily.
Combermere can start In future.
To-Day's Entries.
First race—Three and a half furlongs; maiden
two-year-olds).
«5* Ada Fox 109 905 Too Hot 1M
870 Libble Elklns.,loB SS2 Princess Leota.loB
776 Bride Ale 10S 833 Annello MS
... Chaste 115 905 Loneliness 103
888 Mrs. Brunell...lll ... Sachorid 113
8M Imponente 10S S7O Aphrodls 115
906 Scr'nwell Lake.lll 533 Floranthe 10S
SOS Carilee 11l SSZ Core 103
... Faenza 115
Second race —Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
863 Mafada 105 (784) Alaria .100
?34 White Fern....102 89S Momentum ....103
9C3 Mamie G 103 702 February' 107
878 Gauntlet 105 549 Jingle Jingle...los
80«" Afghan 105 901 Don Luis 105
SIS Sorrow ...103 BSI Vlorts 100
903 Montallade ....105 919 Rosalbra 108
534 Genua 102 914 Pat Murphy....los
915 Jockey Bill 105
Third race —One mile; three-year-olds; purse.
902 Erwln .W7!<7«4) Norford 107
866 Flower of Gold. 107. M 4 Mortgage 102
Fourth, race—Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up. ? '
912 Flamor* SS (Ml) May W ..103
575 Snips 103 91S Lothian 102
$61 Afamada 103 542 Melkarth ? 105
840 Geyser 120 859 Ventoro 102
Fifth race—On« and a quarter miles; three
year-olds and up; selling.
R95 Twlnkler 107 (903) Castake 105
903 Welter 104 (316) Chlmura 101
913 Topmast 11l
Sixth race —One mile; four-year-olds and up.
574 Cromwell ......114; 9a Ulm 107
877 Acrobat Ill) SS7 El M1d0.........112
6SI Ledaea 105! •
;
Selections for To-Day.
First race—Annello, Mrs. Brunell, Carlle*.
Second race—Afghan, Alarta, Momentum.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 111S Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
(4500 WILL buy new modern house, 12 rooms:
line Improvements; large stable. 1520 Eighth
aye., Oakland: keys next door south.
FOR sale In Oakland— 2 blocks from Adellns
station, in best residence neighborhood: large
modern house; every convenience; lot 10tfxlS2
or «0x132. as desired: cheap to close estate:
terms if desired. HERON & HOLCOMB. 1060
Broadway. Oakland: Crocker building. 6. F.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
Builders' Contracts.
Henry Campe (owner) with A. H. Wllhelm
(contractor), architects Martens & CofTey — All
alterations and additions except painting,
plumbing, gas fitting, mantels, gas fixtures and
shades for four three-story frame huildir.es on
S corner of Howard and Twelfth streets, SW
ICO by SE 57:6. Mission 'block IS; 13535.
Same owner -with O. C. Swegney contractor,
architects same — Plumbing, gas fitting, sewer
ing, etc.. for same on same: 1103.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 1900.
Third race— Erwln. Flower of Gold. Mortgage.
Fourth race— Geyser. Flamors, Ventoro.
Fifth race— Twlnkler, Chimura, Topmast.
Blzth race— El Mldo, Acrobat. Cromwell.
lsatb j — Frou Fzakcabt 2% 1303. — arrivs
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 7 (25. cents
per shsre) of the KUauea Sugar Plantation
Co., will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market st.. on and after Thursday.
March 15. ISOO. Transfer books will close on
Saturday. March 10. 1900. at 1! o'clock m.
E. H. SHELPON. Secretary.
•T^Oa Bcntda. Pnlmn. Ehnln, ViotEt
Ramsey an.l haemnrnSo *?»43f>
•THMa Sbuta Erprcu— Davis. Wiilcws.
R«a Blutf, I'crtland «7i4*r
*7iS«a Manlnex. San lUmon,V*i:ejo.Kapa,
CaiUtcga awl Santa Kosa •fi.lar
••»*•* TlMOrsrUDdU:i>ite4-O«aea. Den-
ver Ocasha. Chlcag > *3«|!)s>
•SiS»4 San Joae. liTennore. fUoekton,
looe, Baenmcut(V Flacertiiia,
U»ryiiTlll^. Chico, ltd Illiirf MilSp
•«j3S)» •Matoa.OakiUle.r-oncra.Carttrs... ¦•*!¦*
•»:?!>» Haywu-!*. Nilraaiul Way sutrm. *tlss»sj
*•:«»* D.v!«. IVoodlasd. Kn.'shta Lacc^c;,
»art»Ul^.OrotDl<>. •Trl.'Jr
•9tOO» A:Unti9 Kxpreaa— OiJeu ar. I His* •at-M*
•«>*s>a Maninei, Tracy. LaUirop^ Kwcktoo.
M:rc~Uml k'reauo ... *l*sl-Is>
•».•<»» Port Costa, Kr-«no. Mpjarq ai»l l.rit
Aiik-I— < *«s-4-Tp
•IOt«»* Vallojo, Martln«3 »:i-l TTay SUtioas *6i43v
•Ili»Ov XUn, Lfrereiore. Stoektnn. H»er%-
¦ i~t . mrato, Memlou. ilaoforil. Vlsalia, -
l\rterTilto **:IS»
•1 *>•«« Uaywan!a, Nlles an.l W 4 y Stations. »3>«3*
tl:OOrHtrr»m-»it.»l:i»cr«'<-.ni.-H t"«KM»F
•XOOr lliy»ir X N'ilcsasil Wiy Butions. *»:-t3p
•ti»o r M %i ti,,r». San lUIIIOII. Volleju.
.S>ri.r»li-.l. < ».h.u.ti!!fii «tHI»a
• t.ir»r 11.-jicl*. VacatlKr. «i»fvnii.«-n!!>,
\Vou.llai H |. Knf.l.u l*iiUli>g.
tiarrwfiip. Ow»iit« •:»-.i."»»
*Mi3«>r Ntlo«. Han JrwoaMlSb^eatoo *JilSf
•3:4M»rTIM> O«l Ua;ltcU— lra«ry. FzeMMX
BakcnSeUi. tmrß for MMi liar-
? ¦:--¦¦ V tara,L/s As<r)«s. »1»»43a
o9:«4>r EQssrt Ltaited— P3 Tito. New Or-
l.-arisnd E»M sl«r*3A
•3:SOr HHK kto». Mmchl. rtwiw *12i13»
•3:3«p KiesiHt, lU«*n<l«M. HauU M-ul-nta,
. - liOS AorMrs, l>malo(. FJ Vi*\
Ns«Ori«nns ami Cast »<^*3a
*Si»r h»uu V* Hiiiile— AUat«li« Ei press
t,,w M.»Ja»« ~..l KhsC *«M»r
•OKMr HavvanU. Sl)n»»l(ivi Jew...... •7»4Wa
IOsSOr V»JIeJ« # iail3r
•ttiSor Oriental 11:11— (flm, Cheyoma,
Uaaha, Chietga «»j43a
•«s3«r Ortjuial it*H— Ogden, DroreT.
Oma&a, Chloaaxt. *4:13p
!?i»«f Val>J.>, rti «:.*t» ana Way Bta-
HOM _. 1»»»3S»
•MJr 4>n«ou aod CaUfornia Kiprraa.Mae.
rameiitu. Marjitlll*. Ucl.lin*.
r»rt!*i»l. Pugfl 5n»...l an<l r«»t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rtaSi* rS»SCi".C3— T:H sf Sjrl.l SiwimSu St—
1:13 500 11.00*. n. II:;: *i.ZZ t3:S9
•I*3 13.-C3 •3:C3r.<«.
rt«OIIUI>— t—i*lliu>iwtj.— "«.-00 l?:C0 10f^».».
J 13:00 '1:03 tl-CO '3:30 > I:C3 < 3::Sr.M.
t*i Iw* Uoem» View, doutta tun f'raodseo.. f«i3ttp
•7i4>«» *aa Jos« ami Way Btaili>iis (Xaw
Aimvlcx Wwlue/tdajf only) »l:3O»
•»!•«» Han Jom. Ties I'hion. S.mc* I rur,
Pacific <:rot«. IV-1 lt»Mcs. San
1 .ill* O'..i«;>o, Snrf, Lompoo awl
rrinelrol Way Stations Mils)*
•!•.«». .¦stn.liMiau.l W«» Hutiom *A:3.1&
•I IsSOa Saa J»sa ami Way Stations »3iaor
t»«l»r Man M*:*s llrdwooii. Menlo Plrk.
Palo Alto. Santa. Clara, flan Jiwe,
Tres Pines, ftanta Crux. Salinas.
Mmi terry mM I'aclflo GroT9 t|*):3«A
t3«»S) P Saa Joss a >•<! \T*/ ftUtlnus *T:3vp
filler San J m an.l Principal Way Stations *V:l3a
tJiftO? StaJou saa Principal V.'ij Stations 19:00 a
•i:3O - Sin J.ufl air! Principal Wi j Stations B M3«
*«:3Or San Jets au.i Way Stations t<M><>A
>lli4»p S»nJcn»»lW t> 3utlor» *7»30f
AMERICAN LINE.
FEW TO&X. SOUTEAJCPTOK. L 05505. PABIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul March 14|St- Paul April 4
Kensington ...March 21 St. Louis April 11
New York March SSlNew York April 1J
RED STAf* LIME.
New Yorl^ aijd Antwerp.
From New Ycrk every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Westernland ..March 14|Frtesland April 4.
Kensington ...March 21 Southwark April 11
Koordland ....March 2SlWesternland ...April 11
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St Mlcrjazl. Dawson City-
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st.v or any of its agencies.
MARRIED.
BLUMBERG — BRACKMAN —In this city,
March 11. 19C0, by the Rev. Joseph Wllner.
Abe Blumberz and Sarah Brackman, both of.
San Francisco.
RIDRARD— FRIEDRICH— In this city. March
11. ISOO by the Rev. H. Cordes, Louis Rld-
rard and Martha Frledrich, both of San
Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. xa..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARU Saturday, March 31
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. Acrll X
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May 1?
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. March 12.
Schr Antelope, Asplund, 11 days from Ooos
Bay.
SAILED.
Monday, March 12.
Stmr Ruth, Lundquist. .
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT BLAKELBY— Arrived March 12— Bktn
Leslie D, from Port Townsend.
ftaiW* 11 sMMsff 7ne ? - ? - Waripcsi
jCflfllf. sails via Honolulu an,!
:*E** -i1 "* AucitlanJ for Sydney
W ™ * Wednesday. March 21.
/ai>"*l"^\ at 8 p. m.
The S. S. Australia
GXuUIUIIII/ 1 - Mlls for Honolulu
fOfllrPfjy- Wednesday, April 4.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Sues.
England, etc.; $410 first class.
J. 0. Sr-ittC«.£Ls £ BROs. CO.. Act*, 114 Montgoown
War 7. Foot Pacific St. FreisM ufflc».327 Market St
T:3oam! l:C0am! SebastopoL 110:40 am|lo:2S ara
S:3opm[ 5:00 pm[ ' -' | 7:33 pm «:*2 pa
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark 'West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geywrville for Skagjs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, I^ake-
port aad Bartlett Springs; 'at Uktah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blo« Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pock*
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Ueriey's.
Bncknell'a. Sannedrln Heights. Hutlvllle. Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendodr.o City. Fort Braxg.
Westport. UsaL Wlllltts. Laytonvllle. Cam-
rnlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday rotind-triD tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at hajf rate*.
Ticket Offices £4 Market at.. Chronicle bldg.
H. a WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Monticall*."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; *:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. snd S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 15C3.
FARE 50e
Time ix ; i3. *4t4 t ;37; %, '1:03; 74. 1:28. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, I* H.
Ezell'Vb" i -by Kingston-Seville.- Winner pounds the best. She went, the overland route.
r>ecoy "dogged" *£_ > f* e 3S*t£JLsi2<»SSJL£iL a^^^
918.' THIRD RACE — One mile and an eighth; handicap; three-year-olds and up; purse. $300.
910. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. 1400.
0541. SIXTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs; three- year-olds and upward ; purse. 1400.
DIED.
Andrews. Amund MeCrimroon, Mary J.
Bre*lauer. Henry Melse. Milton S.
Brickell. Mrs. Jane A. Miller. Peter
Brommer, Johann F. Norris, John
Donahue, DennU O'Halloran. Bridget
Dowdall. Bridget O'Neill. Charles P.
Drendel. Julius W. Riiii. Giuseppe
Frisk. Malcom S. Sully. Annie S.
Graham. George G. Tobln, Mary
Holmes, Maria Tyler. William B.
Hull. George L. Wallner. Jonas P.
Ismert. Mrs. Eva Wellhermer. Adeline
Kane. Frank Wels, Slater M. Sa-
Keenen. Kathrina bastlenne
Linden. Herbert Wiedmann, Adaline
McCarthy, John M. L.
ANDREWS —In this city, March 12. 1300,
Arnund beloved husband of Amenda An-
drews, and father of Emily and Marine An-
drews, a native of Norway, aged 71 years S
months and 22 days.
lE7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1316 Kansas street, near Twenty-
fourth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BRESLAUER— In this city, March 12, 1900.
Henri', husband of the late Hanchen Bres-
lauer, beloved father of Mrs. J. Cohn of
SusanviUe. Cal., Mrs. J. Elegel and Sadie,
Rose and Jewel Breslauer, and brother of
Baruch and Bernard Breslauer of San Fran-
cisco Nathan Breslauer of Redding, Marcus
Breslauer of Chico. Mrs. A. Levy of Dun«-
mulr and Mrs. J. Marks of Orovllle, Cal.,
a native of KemDen. Germany, aged 70 years.
C 7" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day) at 10 o'clock, at his late residence, 1416
Geary street. Interment Hills of Eternlty
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
BRICKELL— In this city, March 11, 1500, at her
residence, 820 Guerrero street. Mrs. Jane A.
Brickell, widow of the lat« John Brickell. a
native of Sewlckley. Pa.
C7 Funeral and Interment private. Kindly
omit flowers.
BROMMER— In this city. March 12. 1900. Johann
Frledrlch Brommer. eldest and dearly beloved
son of Mrs. Christine Warnkee and the late
Dick Brommer. and beloved brother of Dick
Brommer. a native of San Francisco, aged 29
years 2 months and 24 days.
(CTFriends an d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from' his late
residence. 2657 Mission street, corner Twenty-
third. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DONAHUE- In this city, March 12. 1300, Den-
nis husband of Margaret Donahue, and
father of Margaret and Henry M. Donahue,
Mr« Philip Brady and Mary Ann and Ann
Donahue, a native of County Derry. Ireland,
aged CS years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at ?:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 42 Natoma street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
DOWDALL— In this city, March 11, 1300,
Bridget Dowdall. beloved wife of Richard
Dowdall, and beloved mother of Richard E.,
Joseph F. and William P. Dowdall and Mrs.
Mary A. Lanjran, Mrs. Margaret Gilmore,
Mrs Agnes Spring and Mrs. Frances Daason-
vllle. a native of Dublin. Ireland, aged 74
years.
(t3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 •'clock, from her late resi-
dence 2126 Mission street, between Seven-
'' teenth and Eighteenth, thence to Mission Do-
lores Church, where a requiem high mass will
be said for the repc*e of her soul. Interment
Holy Cro«>f Cemetery.
DRENDEL— In this city, March 11, 1900, Julius
XV. Drendel, beloved brother of John E., Er-
nest L. and Albert E. Drendel, a native of
Chicago 111., aged 26 years 6 months and 27
days (Chicago. 111., papers please copy.)
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
street, thence to St. Dominic's Church, cor-
ner Push and Stelner streets, where a mass
will be celebrated for the r«x>se of his soul,
thence to corner of Third and Townsend
streets for 11:30 o'clock train. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. „
FRISK— In this city, March 12. 1900. Malcom
Sanford dearly beloved and only son of Emll
J and Hedvig J. Frisk, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 1 month and 17 days.
GRAHAM— In Alameda, March 12, 1900, George
Gilbert, beloved husband of Beatrice Graham.
and father of Alice. Mabel, Beatrice and
Ethel Graham, a native of New York, aged 80
years and 4 months.
HOLMES— Entered into rest March 11. 1900,
Maria, beloved wife of Cornelius Holmes,
and mother of Howard C Holmes, a native
of Nantucket. Mass. (Nantucket papers
please copy.)
CT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1912 Webster street. Interment pri-
vate.
HULL— In this city. March 13. 1900, George L..
beloved husband of Sophronia J. Hull, and
father of Andrew G. Hull and Mrs. Mary L.
Pope, a native of Provldencs. R. 1., aged 67
years and 8 months.
ISMERT— In Grass Valley, March «, 1900, Mrs.
Eva Ism»rt.
KEENEN— On Canon Creek, Trinity County.
March 8. 1900. Ksthrlne Ke»n»n. beloved wife
of Michael Keenen. and mother of Mrs. The-
rese C Rellly of San Francisco, a native of
Ireland.
KANE— In Oakland. March 12. 1300. Frank
Kane, beloved husband of Lulu Langtaff
Kane. ¦ a native of Ireland, aged SO years. ¦
(C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1710 Grove street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetiry. Oakland.
LINDEN— In this city. March U. 1900, Herbert,
beloved »on of Mr. and Mrs. David Linden, a
native of California, aged 1 year and 1
months. - '¦>
11
: — i
Index. Horse. Weight. | St.
83S M. F. Tarpey 112 J 1
(SS2) Lucldta .............112 2
696 Ltly DlgSB 100( f
(658) Klnsstelle -107) o
... Rio de Altar 110; 3
... Oscar Tolle IH>! *
... Diderot HOI |
SO9 Fred' 8 Mount : 107| 7
Index.
; : j
torse. Weight. | St.
Hm.
¦ Hm.'
1 H
3 H
2 1
4 1
55
8
62
7 1
Btr.
1 3
4 4
2 1
3 V,
5 V).
75
6 1
8_
I Betting.
Fin. Jockey. |Op. >Cl.
1 W IPlKOtt 1-J 7-10
2ns Thorpe . 3 S-2
3 4 J. Martin 15 30
4 2 Henry 3 4
6 5 .Buchanan .... 10 7$
(4 ICarter . • *
710 Ruiz 15 1W
t Houston .:.... 1« 300
Hm.
\m.
6tr.
ndex.
Home.
Welght.|St.
<in.
Km.
Btr.
n.
I
OCi
:ey». |O
(BS6) The Lady 109 8
861 Decoy 1" *
(WO) Tekla U* J
86S Beautiful Bill 100 1
7SB Dtomed 1» ;
S7l Mont Ea*le 1M J
I
1 1
3 1
54
8 1%
1 1
2 n
4 2
t
4 3
1 4
1 t
14
5 12
6
4 6
i a
J 1
5 hi "
51
¦ »
In M. B«rgen i
7 3 Plgrgrott
310 Henry
. 4 » I. Powell
6 1 H. Shield!
t ¦ E. Ro«3
B-t
- > "
6
SO
I
20
9-i
8-!
Index Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Mm. Hm. \m. Str.' Fin. | Jockeys. (Op. Cl.
(891) Potente 5 "«! 3 2 1 J~l 13 12 13 Thorpe 2-5 1-4
RM Hit* 4 :..W 5 6 S 4J !:» 2 3 J.Martin...... IS 25
805 Morlne [ ..........lM 1 3! 32 31 3H JnE. Ross 4 W
'111 Anchored! 4 ...".... 85 1 13 IS In 4 2 4 1 J.Daly 40 100
STB £ffh£SrV. 1W 4 ¦¦«! 4H 5 B 5 Henry 5 «
Index. Horse. Age. Wclght.|St. Vim. %m.
BSI Limerick. 3 .... }« 5 — 7 2
903 Miss Marion, 4 ....llf * ... 1 IJi
90S True Blue, 6 "5 J ••• JH
842 Rey Hooker, 4 108 S ... 6 2
64« Joe McOee. 3 M" « ••• «
8T« SlstM- Alice, 5 113 2 ... 2 2
gl3 Rosalbra. « "H,? 11
«34 Monda, 4 ...:... 1" J * *
860 AHenna. 3 99 10 ... 10
Mercutlo. a ...... -.mt Left
\?:
42
.2 1
< 1
7 h
3 *
16
» 1
10
*m.
Str.
Str.
Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
Ins J. Martin 6 •
Inn Henry 4 n-j
3 4 Ruiz ? 2 11-5
4H PiKrott ....... 10 1J
51- E. R055..:..... 12 13
12. Bonner ........ ,30 60
71 Thorpe 4 16-5
. II Bozem&no IS 30
9 2 Glov?r : 15 80
10 J. Dalr-.. 20 75
H. Shields 10 2j
Fin.
i
Jockeys.
|Op.
Cl.
Index. Hor»e. Ay^Welght. | St. %m.
806 Merry Boy. 6.. l«l 2 5
SS4 - Wyoming. a'........1W » 2 1
(903) Torlbto. S 1"J » ? tt
914 Silver Tone.^ 4 JOT 4 JH
BSS Eeplonase, 4 IOOj 1 8 )i :
Hm.
1 1
4 1
2 1
5 h
4m.
\m.-
S
¦ 51 l>f
2 h
- .4 I*
3 2
\m.
Str.
1 h
2 2
S 2
5 .
4 1 '
Str.
Fin. ¦
12
2 1
3 3
4 3"
¦¦5
Fin.
| Jockey. [Op. Cl.
' Buchanan .... 6. g
E. R0m........ 7 13
. Rul« .:..;...... l-S 9-2 i»
Thorpe "4 7
M. Bergen..... 10 15
Jockey*.
[Op.
Cl.
f7ui>» Horyg.AK^'Wfr'ghUSt. V;m. Hm. Sim. Btr. Fin. | Jockey. jOp. CL,
•; g - s> M>rW*lT.---'« 2 ... . .14 .JJ II 1 H E. Rom 7-10 13-*>
-!!. Ml» Rowena. 5.....10J 1 ...In IS/ IV I S Henry ...V-... ». B
661 Sardine 3 ........... S" » .... 6 5 41 3h J.Da1y.....'... » 8-5
877 Dr Sheppard/J.-.-.tK 3 .:. 3 I S J J H 4 2 C. E.;Dtirn*H. '10 12
BM Thomas Carey. 3... 89 < :.. 4 5 43 S - 8" [Hou«ton —..¦¦ 100 ; tfX
f7ui>» Horyg.AK^'Wfr'ghUSt. V;m. Hm. Sim. Btr. Fin. | Jockey. jOp. CL,
•; g - s> M>rW*lT.---'« 2 ... . .14 .JJ II 1 H E. Rom 7-10 13-*>
-!!. Ml» Rowena. 5.....10J 1 ...In IS/ IV I S Henry ...V-... ». B
661 Sardine 3 ........... S" » .... 6 5 41 3h J.Da1y.....'... » 8-5
877 Dr Sheppard/J.-.-.tK 3 .:. 3 I S J J H 4 2 C. E.;Dtirn*H. '10 12
BM Thomas Carey. 3... 89 < :.. 4 5 43 S - 8" [Hou«ton —..¦¦ 100 ; tfX
Index. Hor»e. Ay^Welght. | St. %m.
806 Merry Boy. 6.. l«l 2 5
SS4 - Wyoming. a'........1W » 2 1
(903) Torlbto. S 1"J » ? tt
914 Silver Tone.^ 4 JOT 4 JH
BSS Eeplonase, 4 IOOj 1 8 )i :
Hm.
1 1
4 1
2 1
5 h
4m.
\m.-
S
¦ 51 l>f
2 h
- .4 I*
3 2
\m.
Str.
1 h
2 2
S 2
5 .
4 1 '
Str.
Fin. ¦
12
2 1
3 3
4 3"
¦¦5
Fin.
| Jockey. [Op. Cl.
' Buchanan .... 6. g
E. R0m........ 7 13
. Rul« .:..;...... l-S 9-2 i»
Thorpe "4 7
M. Bergen..... 10 15
Jockey*.
[Op.
Cl.
Index. Horse. Age. Wclght.|St. Vim. %m.
BSI Limerick. 3 .... }« 5 — 7 2
903 Miss Marion, 4 ....llf * ... 1 IJi
90S True Blue, 6 "5 J ••• JH
842 Rey Hooker, 4 108 S ... 6 2
64« Joe McOee. 3 M" « ••• «
8T« SlstM- Alice, 5 113 2 ... 2 2
gl3 Rosalbra. « "H,? 11
«34 Monda, 4 ...:... 1" J * *
860 AHenna. 3 99 10 ... 10
Mercutlo. a ...... -.mt Left
\?:
42
.2 1
< 1
7 h
3 *
16
» 1
10
*m.
Str.
Str.
Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
Ins J. Martin 6 •
Inn Henry 4 n-j
3 4 Ruiz ? 2 11-5
4H PiKrott ....... 10 1J
51- E. R055..:..... 12 13
12. Bonner ........ ,30 60
71 Thorpe 4 16-5
. II Bozem&no IS 30
9 2 Glov?r : 15 80
10 J. Dalr-.. 20 75
H. Shields 10 2j
Fin.
i
Jockeys.
|Op.
Cl.
: — i
Index. Horse. Weight. | St.
83S M. F. Tarpey 112 J 1
(SS2) Lucldta .............112 2
696 Ltly DlgSB 100( f
(658) Klnsstelle -107) o
... Rio de Altar 110; 3
... Oscar Tolle IH>! *
... Diderot HOI |
SO9 Fred' 8 Mount : 107| 7
Index.
; : j
torse. Weight. | St.
Hm.
¦ Hm.'
1 H
3 H
2 1
4 1
55
8
62
7 1
Btr.
1 3
4 4
2 1
3 V,
5 V).
75
6 1
8_
I Betting.
Fin. Jockey. |Op. >Cl.
1 W IPlKOtt 1-J 7-10
2ns Thorpe . 3 S-2
3 4 J. Martin 15 30
4 2 Henry 3 4
6 5 .Buchanan .... 10 7$
(4 ICarter . • *
710 Ruiz 15 1W
t Houston .:.... 1« 300
Hm.
\m.
6tr.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Mm. Hm. \m. Str.' Fin. | Jockeys. (Op. Cl.
(891) Potente 5 "«! 3 2 1 J~l 13 12 13 Thorpe 2-5 1-4
RM Hit* 4 :..W 5 6 S 4J !:» 2 3 J.Martin...... IS 25
805 Morlne [ ..........lM 1 3! 32 31 3H JnE. Ross 4 W
'111 Anchored! 4 ...".... 85 1 13 IS In 4 2 4 1 J.Daly 40 100
STB £ffh£SrV. 1W 4 ¦¦«! 4H 5 B 5 Henry 5 «
ndex.
Home.
Welght.|St.
<in.
Km.
Btr.
n.
I
OCi
:ey». |O
(BS6) The Lady 109 8
861 Decoy 1" *
(WO) Tekla U* J
86S Beautiful Bill 100 1
7SB Dtomed 1» ;
S7l Mont Ea*le 1M J
I
1 1
3 1
54
8 1%
1 1
2 n
4 2
t
4 3
1 4
1 t
14
5 12
6
4 6
i a
J 1
5 hi "
51
¦ »
In M. B«rgen i
7 3 Plgrgrott
310 Henry
. 4 » I. Powell
6 1 H. Shield!
t ¦ E. Ro«3
B-t
- > "
6
SO
I
20
9-i
8-!LITTLE EVA SULLIVAN, 13 years'
old, was caught in one of. the. re
volving piles of the Fourth-street
drawbridge yesterday morning and
swung round till not a stitch of clothing
remained on her back. Her left arm was
broken and her right arm badly crushed,
and although Brldgekeeper Charles Lou
derback swooned away after he had pulled
the child from her perilous position the
little one never lost consciousness, but re
tained enough presence of mind to direct
those who came to her rescue.
Little Eva is the daughter of Mrs. Pat
rick Foley of 228% Rltch street. Yesterday
morning, the first of her week's vacation '
from school, she started out with a
little friend, Annie Marks,, to get some
wood for her mother. When the children
came to the drawbridge at Fourth and
Channel streets little Eva leaned against
the first great beam, which began 'to re
volve, swinging the little girl, who clung
to It, wildly round. The. revolving of the
first beam set the second,. which unlocks
the bridge, In motion and the unfortunate
child was caught between the two mas
sive poles. The unfortunate girl's com
panion, Annie Marks, tried to pull Eva
from out of her perilous station, but
failed.
Bridgetender Charles Louderback finally
extricated the child from between the
ADVEKTiSiiaTENTS.
SENATOR FAIR'S
SECRET WAS NOT
WELL GUARDED
Many Witnesses Swore They
Knew of His Marriage to
Mrs. Craven.
Alexander McArthur and Mrs. Carrie
Purcell Testify to Having t Seen
the Contract Before the
Millionaire's Death.
?
If the late Senator James G. Fair was
secretly married to Mrs. Craven in 1892
the secret was not carefully guarded, for
It appears from the number of witnesses
who have come forward to testify to the
fact that the schoolteacher was in the
habit of Imparting the information that
she was the wife of the eccentric multi
millionaire to her friends and acquaint
ances on the slightest provocation. Two
new witnesses were produced by- the
Craven-Fair attorneys yesterday who
knew of the marriage and who had been
shown the contract, and each told an ap
parently straightforward story.
The day's proceedings opened with tho
cress-exam! nation of B. R. J^ane, lessee
Of the Leor;a Heights Hotel. He identi
fied a typewritten statement signed by
" him to the effect that he was employed
in the Park Hotel in Alarm-da in 1834,
when James G. Fair is alleged to have
spent one night there with Mrs. Craven-
Fair, and that upon his departure he in
formed the witness that the lady was his
wife and to take good care of her while
the remained.
• AlexanOer McArthur, the husband of
Mrs. Craven-Fair's sister, was the next
witness. He testified that he was an at
torney living in Denver, but that previous
to I£S3 he had boea employed in the
Treasury Department at Washington,
D. C. He .said he met Mrs. Craven-Fair
in June of ISS3 at the home of a relative,
Mrs. Cherry, in Washington. lowa.
"Did you at that time have any conver
sation with Mrs. Craven concerning her
relations with Senator Fair?" asked At
torney Pence.
"Mrs. Craven-Fair eald Senator Fair
was her husband and showed me a con
tract with him as evidence of their mar
riage." was the answer.
Witness was shown the contract and
ideiitififcd it as the instrument exhibited
to him at Washington, lowa.
The- ellorts of Attorney Pence to get
McArthur to repeat statements made to
him ty his eister-in-law at the time she
showed him the marriage contract were
foiled by the objections of Attorney
McEnerney, which were sustained by the
court. The cross-examination of the wit
ness by Attorney Pierson was brief and
brought out nothing new.
Mrs. Carrie Purcell, a dressmaker re
siding at 1630 Howard street, was the first
and only witness examined at the after
noon session, and her testimony was
strongly corroborative of that of other
witnesses who have preceded her rela
tive to the marriage and the existence
of the marriage contract. She' testified
that she had met Mrs. Craven in ISBB. and
had been more or less intimate with her
in both a business and friendly way ever
cince. Mrs. Purcell first saw the mar
riage contract in the cummer of 1592. She
was fitting a dress for Mrs. Craven-Fair,
when a large envelope fell from the bosom
Al Neil Is Married.
Al Nell, the well-known pugilist, was
married last Sunday to Miss MacKerule,
by Judge Angellottl of San RafaeL After
the ceremony, which took place In the
courthouse at San Rafael, the party
came to this city for a wedding dinner,
to which many friends were invited.
THE more we see of "New Tork suc
cesses" the less cause we have for
acceptance, not to Bay tolerance, of
these metropolitan "hits," "Be
cause She Loved Him So," which
was given at the Columbia last night. Is
the latest," the lightest and least of these
over-heralded offerings.
It is an adaptation by William Gillette
of a farce by Bisson, but the effective
comedy of the adapter's original efforts
and the diverting inconsequence and lively
humor of the French playsmlth are never
effectively expressed.
The first act of "Because She Loved
Him So" is hopelessly talky and dull
and the want of action is felt for a full
half of the evening's entertainment.
There are minutes and minutes that seem
like hours of insignificant dialogue and
one is reminded irresistibly of that flat
failure (also a New York success) "The
Cuckoo." ' :
To make matters worse the players of
the Columbia company do not succeed in
making themselves heard and one - finds
one's self straining to catch an occasional
word and wondering what it is all about.
When the purpose of the plot finally
asserts itself in the second act you begin
to look for a -little acting, and a little
acting is the best you get.
J. E. Dodson, who is almost famous as
a character actor, has an old man part
which he pictures to perfection, but there
is little beyond his admirable make-up to
make him notable. He did things in sup
port of Mr. and Mrs. Kendall that have
not stuck in our memory and we unfor
tunately have not now the opportunity to
judge of his versatility. Could we see
him now in two or three or four parts
he might develop a value that now one
can only guess at, but as far as his work
in comedy and character Is concerned in
the present production his occasional
finesse is very much injured by Inartistic
exaggeration and clownishness that are
not a part of the first-cut comedians.
Miss Annie Irish, who has held our
sympathy with an exquisitely fascinating
picture of Southern womanhood in "A
Virginia Courtship," is thrown away upon
the part of Gertrude West, and Francis
Carlisle was much better in "The l>ark
Secret" than he is in a frock coat and
matrimonial squabbles.
I have no doubt that Messieurs Bisson
and Leclerque made much of the vital
element In the plot of this play, which is
briefly as follows: Owen West, who is
young, andihis wife, who is likewise, are
forced into mutual suspicion and semi
estrangement through the machination of
their servants. The father and mother
of Mrs. West are informed of the calam
ity, and In order to divert the attention
of their daughter and her husband from
their own inimical attitude they agree to
disagree violently themselves. Mr. Dod
son and Mis'a Meek as the old couple do
all that ls^comic in the play, and It Is Miss
Meek that succeeds in giving the true
touch. She is frequently clever.
Maggie Fielding In the part of an inde
pendent Irish maid Is delicious within the
small compass of the character. She does
the most truthful bit of acting in the play.
PORTER GARNETT.
Wagnerian Music Drama.
The "Wagnerian music drama, one selec
tion from "Das Rheingold," three selec
tions from "Die Walkure" and several In
cidentals—these and the animated lecture
by Walter Damrosch were sufficient to In
crease the Wagnerian enthusiasm at the
California last night. Mr. Bispham was
In excellent voice, and his mood left little
to be asked for.- Herr Anton Schott did
very well with some of the "Siegmund"
music and better with other parts Madam«
Gadski and. Herr Schott gained the most
marked applause for the singing of tho
love duet from "Die SValkure. There
were three recalls, rosls, palms and a.
wave of genuine enthusiasm. The piano
work of Damrosch was fully up to the
requirement. At 1 o'clock the audience,
which was large and attentive, still -want
ed more Wagner. music and more Wagner
lore, and recalled the performers."
Yesterday afternoon Mr. Damrosch lec
eured on "Gotterdammerung" at Sherman
Clay-& Co^r Hall. His treatment of this
music drarrfh. the -culmination of the Ni
belungen Trilogy, was at once charrr.in<
and impressive, and his Illustration on tho
piano was more than ever musiclanly and
effective. "Siegfried", and "Gotterdam
merung" will be .the. themes of .the con
cert at the California to-night.
": f \ ¦¦' Alhambra.
"Have You Seen Smith?" which started
at the Sunday matinee at "the "Alhambra,
brought. a* good Monday night- attendance,
and the audience* was kept, laughing at
the frothy, absurdities of the farce. Harry
Earle, J. : T. Tierney. Thomas Rlpley
James Barry and.J. T. Tempest were en
cored for their singing and funny turns,,
and ; the women of the company were not
far behind with flashes -of colored stock-
Ings and white lace lingerie.
: : . , \ ' .;•; \TivoiL; :.[
The public does not , seem to tire of the
comic opera "The Idol's Eye," which last
evening entered on its. ninth ;week at the
Tivoll -Opera-house in .the -presence of a
large audience. X Constant repetition I ena
bles.the Tivoli company, to give a remark
ably, even; performance," and -the -pleasing
songs and choruses are likely. to be heard
for many more nights Judging by the lHrgre
demand^for seats. The seventy-fifth ~per
formance of "The Idol's^Eye" will bo ths
occasion of the distribution -of handsome
Bouvenirs to mark: the long run the pres
ent Tivoli attraction is enjoying:.
Mr.'and Mrs.- Sydney Drew are playing
this: week at the Orpheum in "Lova AVIII
Find a "Way," a skit clever, as ; any that
has "found a place on the boards; of this
theater. The situations are humorous and
the genius of the players adda to the at
traction of every line. ','Love Will Find
a-Way'Vis based on, the old story of the
henpecked ] husband and the jealous wl f «,
but the manner in which the husband
finally, restores ', himself as master; of - his
own household and. turns misery Into hap-
Elness is -a t sermon in ¦ itself, which ¦ the
enpecked should memorize and 'Jealous
Fire Commissioner Rolla V. Watt Makes
Point-Blank Statements at Min
isters' Meeting.'
Indicates Shortcom- .
ings of Congrega
tions, Ministers and
Even the Higher
Church Officials. -
ROLLA V. WATT, member of the
Fire Commission, one of the pillars
of the Methodist Episcopal church
and superintendent of one \ of the
Babbath schools, created a sensation
yesterday by the expressions he made
In a paper read before the Meth
odist Ministers' Union. His subject
¦was "From the Pew." He stated
that after forty years of Methodism in
Ban Francisco and out of a population of
over 2M.000 there are jess than 3003 in this
church, acd less than SO.COO in all of <he
Protestant churches combined. Continu
ing he said in part:
"Often the church treasury 1" -mptv
and the bank account overdrawn— and
MURDERER HELD
CAPTIVE IN THE
VALLEJO SWAMP
Sin Sue Ying Tong Holds
Out Against the Peace
Proclamation.
Officer Bailey Leaps From a "Window
to Capture a Highbinder Armed
With a Big Be
volver. . l >
: •
Sergeant of Police Shea was given in
formation last night that Jung Ah Lock,
wanted for several highbinder murdera
and also for the shooting of Jue Hok,
on Washington street, early on the morn-
Ing of March 6, 1b being held captive by
Chinese in a swamp near Vallejo. This
morning officers will leave this city for
the purpose of bringing him back. Jue
Hok, the latest victim of the man now
wanted by the police, is a Suey Sing high
binder and is at present being treated at
the City and County Hospital. He will
this morning swear to a warrant charg
ing Jung Ah Lock with the crime. Shea
was told that Hok' s friends followed the
man from San Francisco and finally lo
cated him. The Chief of Police was im
mediately Informed and two officers, ac
companied by a Suey Sing man, will go
to the scene this morning.
Strained relations still exist among the
highbinders. Two of tho tongs now at
war. with the Suey Sings have expressed
their intention of settling the trouble, but
a third will not agree to any such pro
ceeding. The obstinate tong is the Sin
Sue Ylng and an amount of money wa?
subscribed yesterday to defray the ex
penses of men who will be detailed to
bring its 'leader. Song Hung, at present In
hiding near Stockton, to this city. The
Suey Sings are willing that the hatchet
should be buried, and -when the Sin Sue
Yings can be brought to terms peace will
prevail. It is probable that some time
will elapse before this can be accomplish
ed, but the tongs declared, at a meeting
held yesterday, that If a settlement was
not soon effected drastic measures would
be employed to stop the trouble and a
peace proclamation bearing the signatures
of two of the tongs posted in spite of the
Sin Suey Yings.
Tho highbinders were out for trouble
last night. Ah Bow, a hatchetman arm
ed with a big revolver, was captured after
a long chase by Police Officer T. J. Bailey.
The officer run the man into a building
on Washington street, where he jumped
from a window. The policeman followed
suit and soon landed the Chinaman in
the . California street station, where .he
was booked for having carried concealed
weapons.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 1000.
'-'. Reasonable, rapid and reliable. Mywtl-Rol-
lins, 22 Clay. Lithograph, print, bind anything.*
Wriilifs Man VeietaWe PI
ARK ACKNOWLEDGED .BT THOUSANDS
ot persons who hay» UMd thra f orforti
For the Mansion House Fund.
Resldentsof British birth have arrang
ed to give an, entertainment In Metropoli
tan Temple on Friday, evening, the 30th
lnst.. In aid of the London Mansion House
Fund - for the • relief ¦. of widows and or
phans .of British , soldiers. Professors H.
J., Stewart and . Wallace A. Sabln will
have, charge of the, musical part. of the
programme. A . number of prominent
. Most ', every one who has whiskey for sala
compares Its virtues to" Jesse Moore "AA."
MEETING OF THE Y. M. C. A.
Two Hundred New Members Are En-
rolled Within a Month.
The Joint meeting of the boards of di
rectors and trustees of the San Francisco
Young Men's Christian Association was
held at the association parlors last even
ing, President R. V. Watt presiding..Ex
tensive reports were presented for. the
month of February from the various de
partments. ¦ • :
. Over two hundred young men became
members of the association during .the
past month and the same number of the
association's night class will take inter
national examinations. The spring school
will close on April 10 with appropriate ex
ercises and an ' address -by Rev. ¦• F. "W.
Clampett, rector .of • Trinity Episcopal
Church.
It was decided to make extensive -. im
provements in the physical department,
especially In the handball court and bowl
ing alleys. . ¦ •..¦--*. :¦- ' ¦ " i.
The following standing committees were
appointed by the president: . *
Finance committee — Hartland Law.
M.D. (chairman), Edward Coleman, C. \V.
Pike, Captain J. G. Levensaler, S. F. Buf
ford, W. H. Crocker. Robert Bruce.
Educational committee— C. A. Maydwell
chairman; O.- T. Barber,- U. • C. f class- '99;
H. C. Symonds, U. C. class '96.
Library and rooms— E. E. '¦. Kelly, M. D.
(chairman), James Horsburgh, ,C. B. Per
kins. ¦^88*<flSj«5®S6® c - -
Gymnasium, committee— C.J. Augur, T.
H. Wayland. A. H. Voigt, F. L.- Shaw. H.
S." Morton; A; S. "Johnßon, A. S. s Gardiner;
W. Withers, D. E. Fryer, A; W- ' Small,
H. M; Burke, Emil Fritsch.
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery.*
TRIED TO END LIFE
WITH CARBOLIC ACID
Mrs. Jensen Got in Bed With Her
Two Little Ones and Drank . - "¦¦
\ Poison.
Mrs. Rika Jensen swallowed a dose of
carbolic acid yesterday, morning, and her
death Is simply a question of hours and
minutes.
Mrs. Jensen has been despondent and
acting queerly for some .; time, ¦ and j her
desperate act of yesterday came as the
culmination of a series •of threats to do
away, with herself. ;
The unfortunate woman is the wifa of
P.- Jensen, a professional nurse, and the
mother of his six children, the eldest of
which is 12 years of age, the . youngest
three. .' Jensen for some time past has
been-pursuing- his- calling in the interior,
and. his wife, .with, their two youngest
children, has been rooming at 310 Mason
street."' The; older-four-chlldren are-in
mates of the Franklin Home, where they
were placed at the request of the family
physician,' the mother not being in a con
dition to endure the nervous strain con
sequent of havng so many children about
her: Yesterday morning a lodger occupy
ing an adjoining room In the Mason-street
house informed the landlady, Mrs. E. M.
Verlckl.' that- he heard groans coming 1
from: the room occupied by Mrs. Jensen
Together they forced- their way into the
apartment and found the woman lying un
conscious upon the floor. She ha"d taken
the acid, while in bed. with her two little
children, -Willie/* aged '-four, and- Carl,
aged - three . years, and In convulsions re
sulting from the deadly drug had fallen
from the bed to the- floor. The unfortu
nate woman was removed to the Receiv
ing Hospital and her husband summoned
by telegraph, from Sonora, where he is at
present" employed.
Mrs. Verickl, the landlady of the house
where Mrs. Jansen was rooming, says the
woman had been threatening for some
time to end her, existence.
Millinery opening, 15th, 16th. 17th. Thurs. PH.
and Sat. Cantor's Leader Millinery, 909 Market.*
LITTLE GIRL CRUSHED
IN A DRAWBRIDGE
Metal initials or name stamped In pold
free of charge on all leather poods pur-
chased at Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Market
street. - "
KILLED ON THE LINE.
Railroad Commission's Report Shows
Astounding Loss of Life by
Accident.
The principal business accomplished at
the regular monthly meeting of the Rail
road Commission, which was held yester
day, was the perfecting and adoption of
the commission's report for the year end
ing December 31, 1599.
The report, which will be forwarded to
Governor Gage, shows the mileage debts
and earnings of the ' forty-five roads re
porting to the commission; this number
includes all the subdivisions of the
Southern Pacific Company that come un
der the jurisdiction of this State.
An interesting detail In connection with
the report is the number of; accidents it
shows for the year. Of course these fig
ures include those killed or injured on
all the roads of the State, but as the
number hurt ' on roads • not belonging to
the Pacific, system of the Southern Pa
cific is so small as to hardly be worth the
mention, the list may be considered as a
report of Huntington casualties.
The report gives fifty-one as the num
ber of employes killed and 529 as the
number injured. Of passengers and oth
ers not belonging to the road seventy-five
have lost their lives during the past year
and 121 have been hurt. Tht3 gives a
total of 126 killed s and 650 injured, a
greater loss than has occurred in action
In Luzon In the same length of time.
Some Idea may be had of the profit that
will accrue to the Southern Pacific Com
pany from its new Insurance scheme
when It is considered that it will prevent
suits for damage and when the suits pos
sible In one State alone are shown by the
above recorded table of horrors.
The Commissioners will go to Los An
geles on March 26 to meet the members of
the Interstate Commerce Commission
who are to meet there on March 27. The
Interstate Commission, will meet in this
city on April 2. and will be given the
rooms of the State Commission in which
to transact) its business.-
of her dress.
"I made some remark about it," said
witness, "and Mrs. Craven told me she
had been married to Senator Fair, and
that the document was the marriage con
tract. She handed the contract to me
and I read it. It had been recently exe
cuted and was dated May 23, 1592."
Mrs. Purcell further testified that In the
fall of 1554 she went to Mrs. Craven-
Fair's house to spend the night. She
found the Senator there and remarked
that she would not stay, whereupon the
Senator said:
"You may come in; you are all right."
Witness afterward recalled another
meeting with Senator Fair In the Cali
fornia Hotel in . the early part of 1893.
when he referred to the schoolteacher
as his wife and said she was "tied to him
now and could not run away."
On cross-examination Attorney Pierson
tried to tangle witness on dates and facts,
but she refused to contradict herself. Her
cross-examination will be resumed, at 11
o'clock this morning.
Past Grand Fox's Golden Jubilee.
There was a large attendance last night
at the meeting of California Lodge of
Odd Fellows to congratulate Past Grand
Master C. N. Fox on the golden jubilee of
his anniversary in Odd Fellowshp. Thera
were a number of appropriate addresses
and a very pleasant one by the visiting
veteran. /
any who desire to give themselves to God,
will they not rise? Will all those who
are Christians please stand?' This Is
a hard test; the regulars stand,
some remain sitting; some He by
standing, some deny by sitting. The hon
est but unsatisfied inquirer or the casual
visitor feels that he has been placed in
an awkward and unwarranted position."
In conclusion Mr. Watt said:
"So long as the laity Is careless of Its
obligations, personal service and money
contributions; so long as the clergy seek
convenience and income; so long as of
ficial life is preferred to the ministry;. so
long as Bishops shun a residence in a
hard field because it Is hard; so long as
our religion does not make us different in
motive; so long we have little reason to
hope for progress.
"We are mutually responsible for the
present situation. Unfortunately, there Is
a decay of faith, a decrease of vital godli
ness, of religion in the home. This fact
we must recognize. If It were not so our
church would not be living a miserable
existence in this city after forty years of
endeavor and losing ground everywhere."
to call the Bishop to account."
Upon the subject of the control of
church matters, Air. Watt said:
"There is in our church an aristocracy
of officialism. These men hobnob together,
confer with each other and in all respects
act as if they were the masters or the
situation, and as a matter of fact they
really are. The most dominant men in
general conference are General Conference
officers. They largely shape and control
legislation and. worst of all, pass upon
their own work.
"Our revival methods, oh, how stereo
typed! The world progresses, but the an
nual revival never. No one can object to
the songs of praise if they are well sung,
the prayers If they are short and to the
point, the sermon If it is good, nor the
testimonies If they are from honest
hearts and experiences; but the "round
up." the horror of some of the methods
resorted to to get men to a decision, vot
ing, holding up hands, moving for
ward, standing or sitting alternatively q^
directed by the leader— how often we hear
the invitation: 'If there are any who
would ask the prayers of God's people.
why? Because we provide for everything
*:?»> before setting any aside for G^d's
•work."
In discussing the ministers Mr. Watt as
1 scned that there is too much carelessness
in the pulpit— carelessness In thought, in
expression and In manner.
"I sometimes fear the men now entering
the ministry are not up to the average of
those entering other professions," said lift.
¦"If this is true we will soon feel the ei
fects. No preacher ever became so wise
as to need do further study; no preaci'er
<>ver preached so well that improvem«nt
was impossible. Of all people In the
¦world the clergyman can least afford to be
Idle or careless or indifferent or ignorant."
The high officials of the church aiso
came !n for a lVw scathing remarks, a»J
especially was the power and authority of
those heads criticized. Mr. Watt said:
"The Bishops have almost despotic con
trol of UjOOO Methodist preachers, fixing
their place? of residence and therefore
approximately fixing their salaries. This
autocratic power, which is sometimes
used arbitrarily. If as a lash held over
the back, and few men have the temerity
Emmet's Birthday.
The Irish Nationalists of San Francisco
will celebrate ! the anniversary of the
birth of Robert Emmet this evening la
Metropolitan Temple. The speaker of tha
evening will be Rev. Peter C. Yorke. In
addition to Father Yorke's address thera
will be a short literary programme. . '
OLD MAN RESCUED FROM
A HORRIBLE DEATH
W. W. Cox Snatched From in Front
of a Rapidly Moving Train by
Officer John Young.
W. W. Cox, a man 75 years of age,
residing at 1135 Castro street, was rescued
from a horrible death last evening by Po
liceman John Young, who, at the risk of
his own- life, snatched the old man from
in front of a rapidly moving Southern
Pacific train. The rescue was made near
the crossing at Valencia and Twenty-fifth
streets as the' 5:10 San Jose train was Jour
neying southward. Cox, who is partially
deaf, was walking rapidly toward the
moving engine unconscious of his danger.
Officer Young saw him and tried to attract
his attention, but was unsuccessful.
Young then walked along the track,
thinking the engineer would slow up on
seeing him. On account of a bend in the
track at that point he was not seen by
the engineer, so Young, realizinz that only
instant action would save Cox.-ran toward
him and pulled him oft the track just as
the train thundered by. Young barely got
out of harm's way, while Cox was so
dazed by the sudden shock that he for
a time did not realize how close he had
been to a terrible death. When the truth
dawned upon him the old gentleman was
profuse in his thanks to, his. brave de
liverer.
Americans will deliver short addresses.
The British residents of this city have
already raised over $300 C and they hope
tnat the receipts from the concert will
swell the amount to $5000. with which
contribution they will rest satisfied. Th*
following committee has the affair In
charge: William Greer Harrison, chair
man; C. B. Sedgwick, secretary: William
Pardy. treasurer; Dr. F. d'Evelyn. J. J.
Newbegln, F. D. Brandon." Joseph Nash,
T. Pennington. H. T. Roberts, W. E.
Wood. J. MoKenzie, H. Harris. Hugh
Williamson, 11. Lowden, ' John Reid andl
E. B. Bull.
wives forget— lf they would still remain
Jealous. '
Fanny Fields, "just a German girl." re
ceived a welcome that may be termed an
ovation upon her return from. Los Angeles
after filling an engagement at the Or
pheum In that city. That all of her sonzs
and Jokes and jests are new may be gath
ered from the fact that she prepares her
own "libretto" and depends on the wlta
of no outsider for her successes. Si Has
san Ben All's Moorish troupe of Arabs
present a weird and truly Oriental scene,
and as ' acrobats excel. Newhouse and
Ward, bicycle artists; Howard THurston.
card manipulator; Flatow and Dunn and
their little pickaninny, the Franks trio
and Annie Whitrfey. monologlst, complete
a bill full of good things.
Grand Opera-House.
"The Girl From Paris" entered on Its
second week at the. Grand Opera-house
last night. There was a good attendance
and nearly all the musical numbers wure
encored. Miss Gertrude Hayes made a
decided hit In the Spanish fandango.
Alcazar.
The farcical comedy "Never Again"
continues to draw crowded houses at the
Alcazar Theater. It began its second week
last night, and the large audience was
kept in ripples of laughter during the
three acts^ The Katzenjammer of Ernest
Hastings shows his versatility and is one
of his best efforts in character work.
Mary Hampton as his flirtatious wife
keeps up the fun, and the same can be
said of the other members of the stock
company. -
Chutes.
The programme at the Chutes theater Is
better than for some time past. A new
sketch, "A Game of Bluff." admirably
presented by Boggs and Harwood, v.as
well received. The Black Bartons, the
Gordon sisters. Major Mite, the Juvenile
sisters Bennett and Harry Howard furnish
plenty of fun and entertainment. The
programme' also -includes animatoscopg
views.
Symphony" Concert Tnursday.
Much Interest Is being taken In the fifth
and last of the series of symphony con
certs, to be given at the Grand Opera
house on Thursday afternon at 3:15. The
seventy musicians, under the direction of
Henry Holmes, will render the strongest
programme of the season, which Is as fol
lows: . ' ,/- • ~~j-
Overture. "Manfred," op. 115 (Schumann):
Sinfonia (Scotch) In A minor, introduction and
allegro agitato, scherzo assal vivace, adagio
cantablle. allegro gueniero and finale maes
toso (Mendlessohn) : Interval of five minutes;
scherzo, allegro mol to vivace,, the third move
ment, from the "Symphonic Pathetique," by
special request (Tschalkowsky); overture,
"Gulllaume Tell" (Rossini).
The Brownies Coining.
"The Brownies In Fairyland," those de
lightful creations of Palmer Cox's fancy,
will put In an appearance at the Califor
nia Theater on Thursday afternoon, and
thereafter they will appear at matinees
and evening performances for the rest of
the Week. Nearly two hundred children
will appear In the production, which will
be staged on an elaborate scale, and the
ballets, marches, costumes and Introduced
specialties will all be of a high order of
merit. The transformation scene will be
especially stunning.
Because She Loved Him So Comes to the Columbia in
All the Glory of the Original Cast, but It Wants
Much of Being a Sensation.
NEW YORK SUCCESS NOT
SUFFICIENT FOR THIS CITY
HE SAYS CITY METHODISM
IS ON THE DOWN GRADE
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S/'Biee, the Weil-Known
Authority. Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Out of the chaos of old-time failure comes a)
new and startlinc; cure for rupture. Dr. W. 8.
Rice, 41S North Main street. Adams, X. T., ha*
MR. CHAS. LAXGE.
Invented a method that cures without pain,
danger, operation or an hour's loss of tim«
from the day's work. To avoid all question*
of doubt he sends free to every sufferer a fre»
trial of his method and there can be no earth-
ly reason why any one. rich or poor, should
not avail themselves of this generous offer. A*
an Instance of this remarkable method, th*
cure of Charles Lange. Morrison. 111.. Is ft wel-
come piece of 'Intelligence. •
Mr. Lange Is a well preserved old gentleman,
73 years of age. and for eighteen years had &
bad double rupture which no treatment -could
cope with. After a short use of tha Ric«
method the left rupture healed entirely and th*
right was almcst closed in a few weeks. To-
day he is as sound as a dollar, wears no truajs
or ether support and his cure is only one of
hundreds of nlmllar - rases reported bq thos«
who use the Rice method. Send for this free
trial. Don't be backward. It will surprise you
with Us wonderful power to heat. And If you
know of . other ruptured people aslc - them to
write for them. Do not fail to write at once;
do sd to-day. .
Quarrel Scene From "Because She Loved Him So" at the Columbia.
HAVE YOU TRIED IT?
t— ; lMy New Antiseptic treat*.
¦^% §£ nient, that positively cures
§ Catarrh,
ii^l Deafness,
>. 33 of^' XOISES In EARS/ THROAT
SS2="Y/ and LUNG DISEASES. It
t^.SE.AJL destroys ¦ th« germs which
-"SSS&s'/A produce the disease without
ISS'X v» ' P aln cr Injury- So easy a
<$sr JjSl; . cblld can use It. In 2000 test
Ntf jjgjgSf j cases. 9s r*r cent cured.
l^ssJlllsl-' FREE Trlal « f .«> n « Teele
?< V /^SgSgy^; l »up»rlnr merit of the new
treatment. - Call at once or
WTri^^nsyy^'' I write. ¦
DR. COTTINGHAM,
HOURS— 9-12 a. m, 1-3 and 7-8 p.m.
204 Sutter St., N\V. Cor. Kearny.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
plaints of the Orc*n» of Generation.
Prlc« P s, bottle. For «al» by drug*-l««.
12
massive beams and carried her to the of
fice of the Sierra Lumber Company, where
with the assistance of : R. -. McArthur he
managed, to make the little one comforta
ble until she was conveyed to the Receiv
ing Hospital. How seriously little Eva Is
injured the physicians will not be able to
determine for some : days. ' Her left arm
was broken In threejjlaces and her right
severely crushed. , The child complained
yesterday of pains In her. back, and ther©
is fear of Internal Injuries.