WAR WILL BE FOUGHT
TO THE BITTER END
President Kruger Declares the Burghers Intend
to Battle Stubbornly ; to f beir Death,
If Necessary. *
NEW YORK, March 14.— A dispatch from, President. Kruger to r the Evening
Journal, dated Pretoria, March 13, 8 p. m., vla'Berlln, says: "The burgh
ers will, only cease fighting : with. death. Our, forces are returning in good
order to our line of defense on our own soil. The Natal campaign was
longer in our favor than we expected; The British will never reach Pre
toria. The burghers. Steyn,- Joubert 1 and myself,- as well as all the others, are
united. There are no differences. Godhelpus." -
PRETORIA. Monday, March 12 (via Lourenzo Marquez. Tuesday. March 13.—
Lord Salisbury's reply to Presidents Kruger. and Steyn causes bitter disappoint
ment and State Secretary Reltz says* it means that the war will be; fought to the
bitter end. - ; ¦. ; < :. ' "¦ ; . . . . . ? .', "._.-.
NEW YORK, March 14. — Montagu White confirms the rumor, that the Boer 3
will utterly destroy Johannesburg If forced- to; do .so. Pretoria, could not be de
fended," he says, if Johannesburg were permitted to remain."
PLOT TO FREE BOER PRISONERS AT SIMONSTOWN.
CAPE TOWN, .March 14. — Another, plot -has -just .been ; discovered to free the
Boer prisoners at Simons Town. The remarkable quantities of watermelons • re
ceived -Tsy the prisoners' aroused "comment and [an Investigation discovered that
compromising letters were contained in^the' melons, the .writers planning the es
cape of the cfiptives. 'Great satisfaction ls'felt 'here" at the .fact that transports
with the bulk- of the prisoners sail for^St. Helena to-night. . ...
CAPE TOWN, March' l4— A great popular .demonstration \ took -place* here on
receipt of .'the 1 news that Bloemfontein'had been occupied by r the British.' All tho
church, bells were rung arid- a J procession- headed- by the. Union Jack went to the
Government house, where Sir Alfred Milner 'made 1 his • acknowledgments. The
demonstrators sang. "God Save the Qu»;en" and then paraded through the princi
pal streets, cheering and singing, patriotic songs.- ' r.- - - .''''.' ' '
BURGHERS FOUGHT LIKE HEROES AND REPULSED BRITISH.
PRETORIA.' Tuesday,- March 13.— Commander. Delarey'o report of, the 'fight
at Abraham's Kraal. Saturday, says: [ ;: . r t . : "'- •• ' < •v ,
"The British were, estimated to number 40,000 men. Their, first assault was.re
pulsed. Only two Boers, were wounded: The second assault was made on the
hills to the left' of our" position.'. These hills were of great strategic importance. 1
Appreciating this, I and 300 men defended the. position from 9. in the morning until
sundown. -The. burghers -fdught like and -three times repulsed' massesof
the British, who kept ; relieving their^ tired .men. ;_ Every attempt to storm ¦ was
defeated.' At sundown there were not fifty, yards between -us. 'The British lost
heavily. No accurate ! returns of > our loss available." r , • '. •
WELL FORTIFIED IN STRONG POSITIONS.
LADTSMITH,' Wednesday, March H.-fThe Boers. have. been located In several
strong positions ' near the Junction of the ¦ Drakensberg." and : the ; Blggarsberjj
ranges/ They have heavy guns in position on jPongwoni ; Kop, at Hlatukulu find
in the Ompati Mountains, as .well as at Gibson's Farm, near Gunflycleugh Pai<s.
General Hunter now commands the division. > Both' men and horses- of; the ; rellef
column are completely recovered, and.. now 1 In ' the pink of condition. , The recon
struction of the railway from* Ladysn;lth: to Dundee Is progressing rapidly." . .
SIX BOERS ARRESTED ON CHARGES OF TREASON.
CAPE TOWN,. March; 14.— The .British; troops under, Lord'Methuen have re
turned to Kimberley from, the occupation of 'Bushof, Orange Free State. Guns
and 70,000 rounds of ammunition were seized 'and a 'strong garrison-was left- to
guard the town. , ; ' ¦• -,*: 4. V $~, J ;. . , -¦..-.¦ "-
Six Boers were. arrested there on charges ofstreason. Nearly all the. residents
were wearing mourning, as the Bushof commando' lost two hundred men at >' the
battle of Belmont. ' . ': ; - ''» '¦"-'-: ¦"¦ - .... ;r; r
':¦'&¦"'¦' '.--' -¦¦-:¦-.' ¦¦¦-. — -— ? — . /',- ' :':¦''* ?¦%',.
BOER REFUTATION OF SALISBURY'S CONTENTION.
LONDON, March 15.— The Dally Mall has the following dispatch from Pretoria,
dated Monday, March ; 12 :... '..: "..;," '..-^ ' :¦-.¦ > - ¦.-¦.'•¦-.. . -¦- .¦ •
. "Lord" Salisbury's; reply has been received /and ? a'Boer:refutation.of , the' Brit
ish [contention Us 'under, consideration.',: ;-It .will deny that 'any annexation has been
made and ¦ it will declare • that ¦ the • occupation V of British | territory ,' • was ,* purely
strategic. • It will express' the determination of . the two republics -to fight to ¦ ths
finish."'; ' '..','' :¦' ' - ']>." •_ ¦¦¦•':. -,;i-J • --, ' ¦ " ¦¦ ' ¦ ¦' *'
COLONEL PLUMER'S FORCE IS NEARING MAFEKING.
LOBATSI Thursday, March B.— Colonel' Plumer'e force, reached here Tuesday, i
March 6. £It is , believed v that "only, a single . bridge southward has - been destroyed ¦'•
and that otherwise the railroad is j Intact within -five miles -of • Mafeking. Colonel !„•
Plumer has already, dispersed several BoeV; police posts in j the neighborhood ' and
is actively, pushing his advance southward. /*' " " :—: — ......
"-; CAPE TO W N, -, March 14.^-Colonel Plumer la > now within ; forty miles of Maf e- -
king.'"-', — -' ¦ -¦-'-:' :' : - ¦ ?-.: - ;: V J .; ''¦ ;¦ ,vt> ¦¦?-)¦¦¦*-;;•-¦;-.' »,?.-.•¦¦¦-¦•.-•. : . •-¦ .- —.• -t~ , : _¦-...-
LONDON, March 15.— The British flag flies over the presidency in Bloemfontein, in which building
Lord Roberts and his staff passed last night. The keys were surrendered in due form to the com
mander in chief by the officials. The Free State and Transvaal burghers had withdrawn from the
neighborhood and the British troops received a welcome from the inhabitants. These events, the
result of Lord Roberts' advance on the town Tuesday, were made public in London soon after 9
o'clock last night. While it was expected, the news was received with great rejoicing at the clubs
and theaters. In the restaurants corks popped in lively fashion and toasts were drunk to Lord
Roberts' health with the hope that he would soon supplement the taking of the Free State capital
by the capture of Pretoria/ Mr. Steyn, "late President of the Free State," to quote Roberts, has re
tired north to Winburg or Kroonstadt. It is probable that the army of 12,000 burghers with eight
een guns has followed him.
The general opinion this morning in the Continental, as well as the London press, is that the
Free Staters have practically thrown up the sponge. It is thought likely that a rear guard action
will be fought to Kroonstadt by the irreconcilable of the Free State and Transvaalers; that then a
retirement will be made from the Free State and Natal upon the line of the Vaal, where there is
sure to be serious fighting. Lord Roberts is not likely to lose much time in providing a provisional
government to administer the affairs of the Free State.
General White is considered the best man to take hold of affairs. The commander in chief
can now turn his attention to the south of the Free State, where Clements, Gatacre and Brabant
have been holding the south bank of the Orange River, awaiting an order to push back the Boers.
The latter are now in a bad position between them and Roberts' army. No movement of any impor
tance was reported in that section yesterday, but a concerted advance will probably begin immedi
ately.
The Dutch rebellion in the northwest of Cape Colony appears to be collapsing. Kitchener
is directing operations and pouring British troops into the district, while there appears to be a
serious quarrel between the rebels and Free Staters, each accusing the other of treachery and de
ceit and threatening to shoot each other.
Though rumors of the relief of Mafeking are plentiful, there is no definite news. Every hour
the condition of Baden-Powell's little force is becoming more desperate.
London Goes "Wild Over the Latest Triumph of
the Commander in Chief of the South African
Forces — First Half of the Campaign
Successfully Concluded.
WILL CAUSE RETREAT OF BOERS FROM ORANGE RIVER DISTRICTS.
UNCLE SAM'S STAND REGARDING INTERVENTION.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. March 14— It is rather expected by the adminis
tration that after the lapse of a short time the Transvaal will make another effort to negotiate peace, but until Great
Britain shows a disposition to accept the President's good offices this Government will take no action other than to trans
mit any messages that it may receive. Presidents Kruger and Steyn, in asking the President to use his good offices singling
this Government out for the purpose. Indicates that they are thoroughly acquainted with the European situation and
unrt^rstand that help cannot be expected from that quarter until the United States first indicates its willingness to act The
fact that the President expressed to Lord Salisbury his wllllngnei* to be of any assistance to bring about peace was a mat
ter pf considerable comment In diplomatic circles to-day, but it was generally stated that the expression would produce no
change in the attitude of Europe, and it Is the general consensus of opinion that beforo Europe can act the United States
must go further than it has done. *
The authorities are very much gratified at the way in which the British Government responded to the President's inti
mation that his good offices were at the disposal of the British Government, the reply being courteous, though a distinct
declination. Officials called attention to-day to the fact that the dispatch from . Pretoria did not request Great Britain to
allow this Government to "mediate," but to "Intervene." The latter is, of course, out of the question. The President will
do no mnire than to use his good offices.
Mr. White's dispatch containing Lord Salisbury's answer to his representations was received last night and was to-day
transmitted to Pretoria. The officials say that it closes the incident. It Is not likely that the President will feel' that he
has any right to answer at this time the Allen resolution adopted by the Senate, calling for all papers in the possession
of the State Department relative to mediation, as. the officials hold that the dispatches they have received are not the
property of the United States, but of the South African republic.
LONT>ON, March 15.— A dispatch to the Daily Chronicle from Bloemfontein. dated Tuesday evening, March 13, says*
"Bloemfontein surrendered at 10 o'clock to-day. It was occupied at noon. President Steyn, with a majority of "tho
fighting burghers, has fled northward. General French was within five miles of the place at 5 o'clock Monday afternoon.
He sent a eummons into the town, threatening to bombard unless It surrendered by 4a. m. Tuesday. A white flag was
hoisted Tuesday morning and a deputation of the Town Council, with Mayor Kellner, came out to meet Lord Roberts at
Epitz Kop. five miles south of the town, making a formal surrender of the place. Lord Roberts made p. state entry at noon
He received a tremendous ovation. After visiting the public buildings he went to the official residence of the President
followed by a cheering crowd, who waved the British flag and sang the British national anthem. They were in a condition
of frenzied excitement. On Monday afternoon, previous to the surrender, there had been a little sniping and shelling, but
the enemy retired. .. " '-'--" -.
"Lord Roberts has his headquarters at the President's house, and there are many of the British wounded in the build
ing. The railway Is not Injured." ;"-¦'-;¦ Kt^7 "-.
BRITISH COMMANDER'S ENTRY INTO FREE STATE CAPITAL
RAPID AND SUCCESSFUL WORK OF LORD "BOBS."
LONDON. March 15. — The first half of the campaign is over. Lord Roberts arrived at Modder River on February 9.
He entered Bloemfontein on March 13. Thus in little over a month he has effected the relief of Klmberley and Ladysmlth!
the capture of General Cronje's forces and the hoisting of the flag In the capital 'of the Free State. All this has been ac
complished with comparatively trifling losses. It is email wonder that he is the hero of the hour in England. AH the news
papers eulogize him and congratulate the country. They talk of the Free State as having passed out of existence, as being
now one of the shadows of history-
It is not doubted that there may be heavy fighting, but the genius of Lord Roberts is looked to for victory over all
difficulties. His grim reference? to the "late" President Steyn is understood to show that there shall be no ambiguity as to
the position assumed toward the republics.
The fact that Mr. Frazer. late chairman of the Free State Raad and leader of the opposition to Mr. Steyn, came with
the deputation to surrender the keys is regarded as extremely significant of considerable difference of opinion among the
Free Staters regarding the war. It is said that President Kruger hates Mr. Frazer on account of his sympathy with the
outlanders. The demonstrations of#the Bloemfontein inhabitants are also regarded as a good augury, for the future of
British supremacy.
It is interesting, in connection with the rapid advance of ' Lord Roberts, to learn that the Russian military attache with
the Boers who were captured by the British Eent the following telegram to the Czar: "I am perfectly amazed at the energy
In action and the endurance of the. British infantry. I need say no more." There is still no news as to whether Lord Roberts
has captured any rolling stock. If he has not yet. then he will be obliged to wait until the repairing, of the bridges over
the Orange River enables him to bring rolling stock up. .
The British continue pressing their advance on the Orange River. The Boers still hold Bethulie bridge, on the north
Bide of the stream, but their trenches are dominated by the British artillery. Heavy firing is in progress and there has
been some skirmishing.
ROBERTS REPORTS THE OCCUPATION OF BLOEMFONTEIN.
LONDON, March 14— 9 p. m.— lt is officially announced that Lord Roberts, has occupied Bloemfontein and ' that the
British flag is flying from the top of the Capitol. The following Is the text of Lord Roberts' dispatch to the War Office an
nouncing Ms occupation of Bloemfontein: - - '
BLOEMFONTEIN, March 13, Bp. m.— By the help of God and the bravery of her Majesty's soldiers
the troops under my command have taken possession of Bloemfontein. The British flag now flies over the Pres
idency, evacuated last evening- by Mr. Steyn, late President of the Orange Free State. Mr. Fraser, member of
the late Executive Government; the Mayor, the secretary to the late Governor, the Landrost and other offi
cials met me two miles from the town and presented me with the keys of the public offices.
The enemy has withdrawn from the neighborhood and all seems quiet. The inhabitants of Bloem
fontein gave the troops a cordial welcome.
The above dispatch, though dated Tuesday, was not received at the War Office until 7:30 p. m. Wednesday. It was
made public a few minutes before S o'clock. The delay is attributed to the field telegraphs not being connected with Bloem
fontein on Tuesday evening.
KIPLING WRITES OF
BRITISH DISLOYALTY
Treasonable Acts in Gape Colopy That Receive
Reward and Not Punishment.
' 1 • Remedies Suggested.
Ty'T EW YORK. March 14.— The first word from Rudyard Kipling since he went
j\ I to South Africa will be printed in this week's Issue of Harper's Weekly.
I A I Mr.. Kipling cables a long Recount of British disloyalty, which he calls "tho
I¦ \ sin of witchcraft." The buFden of his complaint is, that . British civil
. -*- »' authorities in Cape Town. wince at , semi-treasonable acts ' and to quote
his own' words. "the Government will take care.it does not pay any one to be
loyal." "He says:
The loyalist on the border has his bouse ripped Inside by Boers or rebels, or both: the
disloyalist's farm Is respected -and in; return he qup^lles the enemy with food, horses and
Information. Hia rl.«k is small. He may possibly— but not it his friends can stop It— be
arrested on a charge. of treason. .He may then .be ¦ sent ' down country to be tried by a
sympathetic jury- He • hopes, and not. without reason, to have his farm restored to him
after he has undergone some absurdly I Inadequate punishment. Meanwhile the loyalist's
piano Is lying: wireless on- the verinda: photographs of his house show the rooms as though
cyclones had met to wrestle there; his flocks and -herds are gone and the baby linen ta
lying on the duns-heap. "He and hie family crawl Into Cape Town In overpacked trains
and -get what consolation, they can from singing "Britons Never Shall Be Slaves"" on th<»
platform. Then do Messrs. Kruger and Steyn becln correspondence with Lord Roberta as
to .the atrocities committed on a virtuous population by a brutal and licentious soldiery.
, The loyalists declare that property handled disloyally.- could be reduced ,to a neglectable
quantity. , "What then." they demand, "Is the sense of creating and propping and sup
porting the thing as you created and, propped and supported the Transvaal till it bit your*
They have a certain amount of reason on their side and It may as well be set out to defeat.'
to delay, to evade and "nullify the workings of a Just punishment at first cautiously, but later
.made bold by toleration, -with an insolent carelessness of. security, to preach sedition undei
Kulse.of abject' loyalty. To malign unscrupulously and to lie malignantly and with knowl
edge among an ignorant people is a merry and profitable game while It endures. The play
ers, :however. don't ccc, or busy with 'their small Intrigues, will not, realize that for each
man whose neck they save arises' another and yet another deslrlr.g nothing less than their
necks. It is a brutal way to put It, but things are not all cream and honey In Cape Town
Just now, and- I -confess. It gives me the cold creeps to watch these smooth-talking, smil
ing men explain to their intimates" as they have explained there, ten years past, how this
and that will be softened down in the interest of some Imperiled 1 rebel; how help will com«
from here and -support- from another quarter and how little In any case to be feared is th«
Britifch Government. The' home Government Is weak and of many kinds. ' They are ' omni
present; they .maintain Intimate relations with all sides; with the front and th« far more
Important back-front which reigns. at Pretoria. - - • •- -
The Colonial troops see this disloyalty, which the Government does not pub
lish, "and Mr. Kipling voices their feelings In these words: , . .. :
_ Now .men who are used to, dust .In, their food don't -care : to have It thrown la their
•yes. "Five,- six and -seven 'thousand miles away, anxious young communities are. waiting
for word of their men. -No detail of their doings goes unrecorded by the big dallies wheae
wrappers i you haye ' never opened or by the 'little cheap newspapers with the patent ln
sides. Move a mixed colonial contingent fifty miles here across country and Winnipeg.
Quebec,. Canterbury, Wellington -and Brisbane also' are moved over. and. above all 1 , they
will write to their papers. These men! s letters will be . read and reread at crcaa-roads
stores, in railroad -. roundhouses. In wayside dossers' camp, at up-country race meetings,
at little Masonic ..lodges.: along, the .wharves of big -exporting houses and In the clubs of
all the .white man's "world. .Do you. see therefore that the long enduring scorn, toe-terse,
sticking contempt, the happy epithets put. out in a dusty camp to turn up , double-leaded
In a Journal * of , SO.OOO circulation, on- the other side of the world will not come from
England? The colony will be -branded by her own brethren, by the open-air men .who
have voted regularly since their majority and who' own the. houses they live In. She
dare not say that they hare been bought by the capitalists, . Influenced by the press or
prejudiced by ' their. Insular training. ' It is her own caste ¦ that will strip the colony of
\ her ' caste. She will . be " left with her climate and- her geographical advantages, but her
place and 'our -.people's will go over to little .Natal . while her honor ia trailed round
the. world at the heels of these returning horsemen. This ia unjust— bitterly • and cruelly
Unjust.". ......-,:¦ r ¦¦ ¦• :
' . I developed the forecast at some - length . to a South African and there are no words
to explain -his. extreme objection to this medicine. He was quite unconsoled by the state
ment that the Cretans have not yet recovered from the effect of a. hasty hexameter of
old , days and . that the Laodiceans have "passed into literature.'! It. struck him as a
'piece, of hideous brutality, for. he_ loved '• bis land with passion— you see she la his own
land— ln . agony and. great, torture* and it cuts him to the soul that her name should be
sotted.. He says, that : she has . more . loyalists fighting in the Held than • Natal; that
there, are: thousands of- men and women, their relatives fighting on the other side, their
hearts torn in three pieces. - who still bide loyal. ""Is it not." he asked, "enough that
.when ¦ peace - comes- the disloyalists will be petted and raised to honor without this laat
shame upon' him and his?" ; ,
' : There ' is , one ¦ way out of the horror and one only. The men who have befouled th*
colony-are known. : They go abroad. No man lays a hand upon ' them. They have be
come careless ' in 1 speech ; and . this' is .important, indeed. At the proper time these nvtn
can be made. the means of saving the colony. .' .
RUSSIA PLEDGED NOT TO TAKE ADVANTAGE.
- BERLIN". March ll.— The- weekly. reviewer of the Kreuz, Zeltung. who!» a
well-known professor, and entertains close .' relations with Count Yon Bulow.
asserts to-day tha'fEmperor Nicholas, at 'the beginning of the war In South
Africa, gave . a , formal pledge that- Russia would not take " advantage of Eng
land's complications for a further Asiatic advance. The Kreuz Zeitung declares
that this Information is authentic. ¦
- In high political; circles here no surprise was -felt at Lord Salisbury's reply to
tl\e Kruger-Steyn-; proposals: ' Doubtless such an- answer was expected. "Nor !•'
It 7 believed 'in the: same circles thatthe war will last much longer. A leading
Foreign Office; official said to-day: that; there, would be.no further talk about In
tervention, remarking:- ".With the Sallsbury-Kruger-Steyn correspondence now
mode t public ¦ the entire intervention question ; is ,done away with."
The papers thl3 evening generally express sympathy with the -fate of th»
Boers, 'but- take it -for granted that the contest will soon' be over. -
President Steyn and the Army of
Burghers Retire Northward fee
fore the Entry of the British
Troops Into Bloemfontein.
LONDON, March 15.— Spencer Wilkinson in the Morning Post says: "It Is not, impossible that a railway is being made
from Modder River or Klmberley to Bloemfontein. In any case, after a pause to complete the reorganization of his commu
nications. Lord Roberts will move his troops southward on the restored railway line to meet the British generals advancing
from the Orange River. The occupation of Bloemfontein will precipitate the*retreat of the Boer, forces: from the Orange
River districts. The Free State forces are evidently weir beaten,, and small blame to them. r » The outside estimate of their
numbers before the war was 20.000. of whom a few thousand are on* the Orange River or watching the' Natal' passes. They
will be unable by themselves to fight another pitched battle, but they may furnish a respectable contingent to the Trans
vaal army, unless, as seems likely, they desert to their farms.".: ,•---.;<
LORD ROBERTS RAISES BRITISH FLAG OVER
THE FREE STATE CAP ITAL.
VOLUME LXXXVII — NO. 105.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MARCH 15^1900:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
Lord Roberts Entering Bloemfontein, Capital of Orange Free State.
The inset picture shows the Presidency, late the official residence of President Steyn, who has fled to" Kroonstad, but now flying the British
flag, and serving as Lord Roberts' headquarters. .;How to Find Out if You
Need Swamp-Root.
65TH POLICE PRECINCT.
Or. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y. Greater New York. Nov. n, 1899.
, GENTLEMEN: "s?££ . •j ' ' /.
In justice to you, 1 feel it is my duty to send you an acknowledgment of the receipt
of the sample bottle of Swamp-Root you so kindly sent me. 1 had been out of health for the past
five y?ars with kidney and bladder trouble. Had our best physicians prescribe for me. ' They would re-
lieve me for the time being, but the old complaint would in a short time return again. I sent for a sam-
ple bottle of Swamp-Root, and I found it did me a world of good. Since then 1 have taken eight small
bottles bought at my drug store, and 1 consider m/self perfectly cured. It seemed as though my back
would break in two after stooping. Ido not ' have to get up during the night to urinate as I formerly did,:
three or four times a night, but now sleep the sleep of peace. My back is all right again, and in every
'vay lam a new man. Two of my brother officers are still using Swamp-Root. They, like myself, can-
not say too much in praise of it. It is a boon to mankind. We recommend it to all humanity who are
suffering from kidney and bladder diseases.
My brother officers (whose signatures accompany this letter), as well as myself, thank you for
the blessing you have brought to the human race in the compounding of Swamp-Root.
We remain, yours very truly, • JAMES COOK,
. HUGH E. BOYLE,
Officers of the 65th Police Precinct, Greater New York. JOHN J. BODKIN.
*¦*' November 16. 1899.
THEODORUS VAX WYCK, former Editor of the Mount
Vernon News, and now one of the most prosperous real
estate brokers in Xew York, 12S South Eleventh ave-
nu<-. Mount Vernon, N. Y.
To Whom It May Concern:
1 had been a sufferer for over four years from severe
attacks of rheumatism and kidney trouble, probably con-
tracted by exposure on hunting expeditions and wading
trout streams. I tried many remedies, the patent and other
kind, but none of them seemed to do me any good. I was
persuaded by an old and valued friend to try Swamp-
Rrot, and frankly confess that it has benefited me as no
other medicine has. I now feel like myself again. I do
not have the constant aches and pains which at one time
seemed to make life unbearable. It is a positive benefit in
ailments of this kind. I always keep it in the Louse, as it
Is Just as necessary as bread and butter. Very respectfully.
Cyv^^^^^-^2^^%^
EDITORIAL NOTE — The ?reat kidney remedy, Swamp-Root, is so remarkably successful that a special arrangement has been made by which all
our readers who have not already tried it may have a sample bottle senf absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubles and
containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root. Be sure and mention reading
this generous offer in San Francisco Daily- Call when sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamjton, N. Y. *
It used. to be considered that only ur-
inary and "bladder troubles were to be
traced to the kidneys, but now modern
science proves that nearly all diseases
have their beginning in the disorder of
these most' important organs.
The kidneys filter and purify the
blood— that is their work.
• . So when your kidneys are weak or
out of order, you can understand ; how
quickly your entire body is affected,
and how every organ seems to fail to
do its duty.
, If you are sick or "feel badly," begin
taking' the famous new discovery, Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon
as your kidneys are well they will help
air the other organs to health. A trial
will convince any one. . ¦ .
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re-
sponsible for more sickness and suffer-
ing than any other disease, and if, per-
mitted to continue fatal results. are sure
to follow. Kidney trouble irritates the
nerves, makes you dizzy, restless,
sleepless and irritable. Makes. you pass
water often during the day and obliges
you to get up many times during the
night. Causes puffy or dark circles un-
der the eyes, rheumatism, gravel, ca»
tarrh'bf the bladder, pain or. dull ache
in the back, joints and muscles, makes
your head ache and back ache, causes
Indigestion, stomach and liver trouble;
you get a sallow, yellow complexion;
makes you feel as though you had heart
trouble; you may have plenty of ambi-
tion, but no strength; get weak and
waste away.
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kil-
mer's v Swamp-Root, the world famous
kidney remedy. In taking Swamp-Root
you afford natural help to nature, for
Swamp-Root is the most perfect healer
and gentle aid to the kidneys that is
known- to medical science. '¦
If there is any doubt in your mind as
to your qondltion, take from your urine
on rising about four ounces, place it in
a glass or bottle and let it stand
twenty-four hours. If, on examination,
it is milky or cloudy, if there is a brick
dust settling, or if small particles float
about in it," your kidneys are in need of
lmmediate'attennon.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
Is used in the leading hospitals, recom-
mended by skillful, physicians in their
private practice, and is taken by doc-
tors themselves who have kidney, ail-
ments, because they recognize in it the
greatest and most successful remedy
for kidney, liver and bladder troubles.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and $1 size
bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
His Physician Prescribed Swamp-Root.
New York. Nov. 17. 1899
To Whom It May Concern :
I was all run down in health and. spirits, from overwork on
the Exchange floor. I developed nervous neuralgia and also suf-
fered from an acute attack of rheumatism.
Of course, I had careful medical attendance, but while con-
valescing my own physician himself ordered me to take Swamp-
Root to build up my nervous system, and put my kidneys in shape.
It helped me more than any curative or tonic I ever used, and
now I always keep it in my medicine chest. With best wishes for
sufferers.
— . £ '. % \* r i:
to yonder banner as a commercial asset. (Ap
plause.) I trust,*" sir, that something Btlllwlll
survive of the days when that banner floated
above Washington and his bloody-footed pa
triots at Valley Fprge; I trust something still
will live of the spirit that animated the men
who upheld that banner when they stood with
stubborn old Andrew Jackson at New Orleans.
I trust something of the life of liberty still
permeates the followers of yonder flag as when
they marched with Grant on his stubborn ad
vance to Richmond.
And. Mr. Chairman, If the day ever comes
when that banner Is nothing but a commercial
aseet, then, sir.' every stripe of white upon Its
folds Fhould be dyed In the blood of the men
we killed and conquered, and from yonder
ground of blue you should tafce every star that
represents an Independent State. (Applause on
the Democratic side.) -V. 1 ."."'
Howard of Georgia discussed the open
door policy in the East. " /
Popular Election of Senators.
Rucker of Missouri submitted an argu
ment In favor of a constitutional amend
ment for the election of Senators by the
people. He said that thirty-two States
were on record as favoring the popular
election of Senators. ¦¦ ; - . ;
Boutelle of »: Illinois closed the debate
with a brief .reply to the argument of
Cowherd. . He said that military glory
and commercial greed were as repugnant
to him as to the gentleman from Missouri.
He hoped and prayed that in dealing with
the problems which confronted us we
would be guided by the highest motives
arid the blessings of the God of nations
and the approval of all civilization would
rest upon us. •
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Condemnation Proceedings May Ba
Brought to Save the Big
Trees.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 14.—Representa
tive de Vrles to-day . consulted with Sec
retary Hitchcock relative to the big tree
resolution recently passed by Congress.
The Secretary assured Mr. de Vrles that
In case the pending negotiations for the
preservation of the trees should fall he
would recommend to Congress the pas
sage of a bill providing for condemnation
proceedings at once.
Representative Needham's resolution
providing for the examination of the San
Joaquin River meets the hearty approval
of Chairman Burton of the River and
Harbor Committee. Mr. Needham ap
peared before the committee to-day and
thoroughly explained the situation.
"I think the Secretary of War should
be authorized to examine the river and
report to Congress the advisability ot the
•work proposed," said Mr. Burton.
The resolution has in view the closing
of • the mouths of blind sloughs - leading
from the San Joaquin River and tributa
ries to promote navigation and prevent
floods. ¦
Plans for the public building at Stock
ton, which have been prepared by the
supervising architect of the treasury, will
be submitted to Secretary Gage next week
for his approval. Work on the building
will be commenced as soon as the great
pressure of work in the supervising archi
tect's office will permit. The last Con
gress : authorized , the construction of an
unusually large number of publlo build-
Ings throughout the country, even the
preparatory work -of which Is taxing the
facilities 'of the architect's office to the
utmost. ¦ " ¦ "•
Representative Kahn- appeared before
the Senate Finance Committee to-day re
garding the bill affecting one-eighth bar
rel beer, fixing the fractional parts of bar
rels of beer at halves, thirds and quarters.
The committee practically promised Mr.
Kahn that if the bill were reported favor
ably it would be so amended aa to pro
vide that' it should not take effect until
the brewers should have disposed of the
GREAT SALE 0F....
ENTIRE STOCK OF
HAMILTON-BANCROFT CO.
COMPRISING
STEINVVAY HAINES BROS.
CHICKERING BALDWIN
WEBER ELLINGTON
BUSH & GERTZ HAMILTON
Many are brand new, just in from
the factories. Purchased by us for
spot cash at our own price and
offered at GREAT SACRIFICE.
$50.00 UPWARDS
Byron Mauzy. walk
308-310-312 POST ST.
SHEET MUSIC HALF PRICE TO ALL
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
6top« the Couth and Works Off the Cold.
: Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets cure a cold
in one day. No cure, no pay. -'Price 23c. ;
Spring Medicine •
.There's no season when good medicine is so much
\needed as in the Spring, and there's no medicine which
does so much good in Spring as Hood's Sarsaparilla. Do
not delay taking it. Don't put it off.tilkyour health tone
gets too low to be lifted. " • .. . .
HOOErS> Sarsaparilla
Will give you a good appetite, purify and enrich' your
blood, overcome that tired feeling, give • you mental and
digestive strength and steady nerves. . Be sure to ask for
HOOD'S^andbe sure you get^Hood's, the best medi-
cine money can buy. It is' :
Peculiar to Itself
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ F"OF* THE
|g^ CAPE NOME
l^H GOLD FIELDS.
Th* New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SEIST-A.TOPL
Will Sail From San Francisco MAY 14th for th»
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Via 'Seattle, leaving there May 19th. Subse-
quent trips will be from Seattle direct, uamely:
June 21st. July 21st and August '.'Oth. Passen-
gers are advised to inspect the Senator befu. «
purchasing ticket* via other steamers, as her
second-class and steerage accommodations ara
superior to the first -class accommodations on
most of the steamers advertised for Nome.
The raciflc Coast Steamship Company has been
running Its steamers to - Alaska— winter ana
summer— for 25 years and Is the Plon««r Pa-
clflo Coast Line. For further Information In-
quire of J. F. TROWBRIDCJE. Ocean Dock.
Seattle. Wash. N. POSTON. 249 Washington
¦t.. Portland. Or. W. PARRI3. 124 West S*c-
SJ" 1 .". 1 - ""* Ancelea, Cal. GOODAIJ* PER-
KINS & CO.. Gen. Agents. 4 New Montgomery
St.." or 10 Market St.. San Francisco. CaL
RHEUMATIC gjL ?
Pairs in the shoulder (Fig. 1-1), Pains in
the Elbows (Fig. 2-2), Pains In the Back.
"Lumbago" (Fig. 3), Pains in the Knees
(Fig. 4-4), Pains in the Ankles (Fig. 5-s)—
In fact, all pains in Joints or musclos are
<Jue to foreign elements in the blood. Ninj
times out of ten the pains are due to for-
eipn acids In the blood, and to this condi-
tion the term Rheumatism has been prop-
erly applied.
• In order to cure Rheumatism the blood
must be changed to its normal condition.
ihe acids mv« be eliminated, and for this
condition HUDYAN is an admirable rem-
pdy. HCDYAN counteracts the acids
HUDYAN expels them from the body by
grently stimulating the kidneys and liver
to increased activity. The kidneys and
liver are the filters of our body, and upon
the action of these organs does the blood
depend. ¦ ¦ - • ¦ - - ¦ • - •
H.UDYAN promptly relieves all the
above pains: promptly allays all inflam-
mation in the joints and muscles. HUI3-
.YAJC gives absolute relief to all those
who suffer the pangs of rheumatism.
HTTDYAN is for men and women.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists.
ttic a package, or clx packages for $2 60.
If your druggist does not keep HUD-
TAN send direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sta.,
SAN FRANCISCO,. CAL.
t CONSULT T 'Consult Free '• \ the
j C FREEr 1 Hodiin Doctor.. 1 C.I I
4 * ? or write to them.
f0r;....
g?r amsh . P-SANP -SAN PEDRO
(Built ia 1599.)
Capacity IQOO tons. All modern
conrenlences for comfort. Elec-
tric lighted throughout.
Sailing From .
• SAN FRANCISCO !
NOME DIRKtT
May 15, 1900
This company will have Its own
complete equipment tor the safs
and expeditious landing of passes-
' r .. ¦ gen and cargo on arrival at Nora*.
For Freight and Passenger
Rates Apply to
GAPE NOME STEAMSHIP GO.
(H. R. DCFFIN & CO.. Gen'l Agents.)
10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
Senator Warren agreed with Hoar upon
this latter point. He had, he said, been
favorable to. absolute free trade between
Porto Rico and the United States proper,
but he had listened with interest and
profit to the arguments on the other side,
and he did not believe that the subject
had been exhausted by any means. He
felt that everything was to be gained and
nothing to be lost by proceeding deliber
ately, especially in view of the fact that
the entire problem was new. Many other
speeches were made In the same line, not
ably by Senators Aldrlch and Mason.
At this point the suggestion of a com
mittee was made and as soon as the au
thority for Its apointment was given the
caucus adjourned sine die.
TELLER AND TURNER
TAKE OPPOSITE VIEWS
WASHINGTON, March H.— Two argu
ments'were presented to the Senate to
day in which almost antipodical positions
were taken by two Senators. Teller of
Colorado, In a brief speech, maintained
that the constitution could not extend
over territory acquired by the United
States, while Turner 01 Washington elab
orately contended that the constitution
embraced the acquired territory the very
moment the United States took permanent
possession of it. Teller held that this Gov
ernment could make the outlying territory
Into States or could hold it as colonies, a?
it saw fit, while Turner maintained that
the United States could not hold, colonies
or dependencies. Aside from the consti
tutional questions, the two Senators were
in practical agreement. Both were op
posed to the . pending bill and both ob
jected to any. of the Insular territory .be
coming a part of the United States or any
of its inhabitants citizens of the United
States. v :
Teller declared he could find ampla au
thority for legislation relating to our in
sular possessions— authority not derived
from the constitution. Said he: ' ¦:.-,
I don't believe that the constitution is in force
in our new possessions. - Congress, I ¦ believe.
Is supreme, so far as the making of legislation
for acquired territory Is concerned.: Of- course.
In enacting such legislation Congress is bound
by certain fundamental principles that underlie
this free Government. , .. . . ..
After, a careful examination of , all Supreme
Court authority I have been able to find only
one case that will support the doctrine that
the constitution goes of Its own vigor into the
acquired territory. \ -
.My own . belief is that . we can ¦ make the
acquired territories a part of the United States
or not. as Conuress may Bee fit. If ,we don't
make them a part of the. United States I be
lieve,we. may hold them as colonies — that .we
have ' the same power to hold them as Great
Britain has to hold colonial possessions. ' t :
• We don't want to make Porto Rico and the
Philippines a iart of the United States, and I
don't want -to make their Inhabitant* citizens
of the United States. ¦ r. .
Teller said he desired all possible and
reasonable • advantages • and privileges to
be extended to these people, but he vould
not have them participate In the election
of a President of the United States, nor
would he give them representation in Con
gress. ¦';• ' '• : . ¦-¦;•¦¦ -.- . ¦ ¦¦-'¦-«.'
Turner of .Washington then resumed l;Is
discussion of the Porto Rlcan • question.
Taking up the line of this argument where
he dropped it yesterday, he ¦* contended
that the • pending bill was manifestly un
constitutional."'lt was undemocratic, > un
republican and . an unauthorized exercise
of power over the Inhabitants, of h Porto
Rico; -and he thus warned the powers In
the majority: ""Beware unless you betray
the hopes of ; the future In the I exigencies
of the present." ¦' ';: : : : ¦ . -
"OLD GLORY"
NOT A MERE
TRADE ASSET
Congressman Cowherd Hopes
I It Is Still. Liberty's ;
Emblem. ¦
Denounces the Commercial . Greed
That Has Z«ed : This' Government;*
1 to Wage a War. of Conquest
on Foreign Soil. ?' . .,
WASHINGTON, March 14.— The Di»i
trict of Columbia appropriation bill was
taken up In the House to-day^and: under
the latitude allowed Adamson of Georgia
discussed the Nicaragua canal; Cowherd,
the Philippine question; Howard of Geor
gia, questions relating to the Philippines
and the "open door" policy in' the Ori
ent; Rucker of Missouri, advisabil
ity of electing Senators' by the people, and
Boutelle of Illinois replied to Cowherd.
, Bills were . passed to settle the title to
real estate in the city of Santa, Fe, N. M.,
and for the relief of Thomas Paul, y ,
When the District of Columbia appropri
ation bill was taken up Grout of Vermont,'
In charge of the bill, made a general'ex
planation of its provisions. ;-; The bill car
ries $6,608,378. - ¦..-¦•-¦ v-i -
Adamson of Georgia delivered a long ar
gument in favor of an isthmian canal.
Cowherd of - Missouri ..addressed -the
House-on .the subject; of Uhe = Philippines,
holding that the advocates of imperialism
were actuated by two motives— militarism
and commercial ¦' greed; He denied . that
Jefferson ¦ was the father of- modern 'ex*
pansion, quoting extensively from Jeffer
son's writings to show that % Jefferson's
motive in; securing the annexation * of
Louisiana . was to avoid . embroiling the
country In . foreign wars •in ¦ the future.
Jefferson, he said, desired to insure peace.
Modern expansionists courted foreign
complications • .
The' Flag"; Not ; a Trade^ Emblem.
*-In every treaty of, annexation made un
der, a Democratic administration- there
was a clause which provided- that every
inhabitant of the territory annexed should
become an American citizen. : The ' treaty
of Paris was the only; one acquiring terri
tory In which : it -.was left Ito Congress to
decide the, political status of the inhabi
tants, t Cowherd concluded: ;• ."
Mr. Chairman, there wa« a time when •we
boaßted not of, the money we could make, not
that yonder flag carried trade in Its wake. .but
that it tarried liberty. ¦<¦ To-day ita proud boast
Is that trade follows ¦ the flac *" The other day
when General French rode Into Klmberley to the
relief of that beleaguered; city. the newspapers
tell us . the citizens > held a r^ceotlon - for the
English of fleers,"" and Cecil <"- Rhodes, ' the very
Incarnation of land lust,".: the*, land-grabbing
spirit of , the age. In response to a toast, said
that : the people of ; - Kimhcrley had ' done their
part lin 1 preserving ; for * the I world 1 the greatest
commercial asset of the age, '.the English flag.
• Mr. Chairman," I hope the day. will never come
when any man can rise in any land and point
DELAY ACTION
ON THE PORTO
RICAN TARIFF
Republican Senators Succeed
in Effecting a Partial
Agreement
Relief Measure and Civil Government
to Be Disposed Of at Once and
the Question of Revenue
Postponed.
.. »
WASHINGTON, March 14.— The Repub
lican Senators in caucus to-day- reached
a partial agreement on Porto Rlcan legis
lation. The House bill appropriating $2,
000,000 is to bo taken up and passed imme
diately. The bill for a civil government
of the Island is to be taken up and dis
posed of as soon as possible, and the tariff
bill is to be delayed for the present, while
a committee of seven Senators may be se
lected by Chairman Allison to try to com
promise differences on the revenue bill
and secure a measure which Republican
Senators generally can support. This par
tial agreement was reached ' after a cau
cus lasting from 2 o'clock until after "5:30.
/The temper of the debate to-day was
much milder than that of yesterday. 1 As
soon as it was generally understood that
the tariff features of the legislation were
to be postponed "the discussion reverted to
the governmental features of the bill and
upon this subject the time was mostly
epent. . ¦„ ' .
Senator ' Foraker explained many
features of the bill and was frequently
interrogated/so that he was on his feet
a great deal of the time: He was ques
tioned by different Senators, , most of
whom wanted to know the effect of dif
ferent provisions of the bill. It was Inti
mated that the bill could be amended if
not satisfactory and Senators opposed to
a tariff on Porto Rican products said that
there would not be the least objection to
passing the bill.
Senator Elkins said that he- favored
leaving not only the question of revenues,
but the government of the island as well,
to the President. He thought the Inland
would be' much better off under, military
rule for the next two 'years than under
any government that could be devised
by Congress. He particularly counseled
delay .•• • > ' •
. Relief Urgently Needed. ,
There was general unanimity aa to the
wisdom of providing for Immediate action
on the $2,000,000 relief proposition.
Senator Platt of Connecticut, who was
not heard yesterday, expressed himself as
firmly ¦ convinced •- that the principle of a
protective tariff in the interest of the in
dustries of the United States should be
sustained in whatever was done. :.
Senator Hoar "talked at . considerable
length about the legal phase of. the ques
tion; expressing the opinion that the Sen
ate could not act with too great delibera
tion In consideration of. so momentous a
subject. r
BLEW OUT HIS BRAINS.
Frank Bergman Commits Suicide in
a Sacramento Gun Store.
SACRAMENTO. March 14.-Frank Berg
man, a well-known young citizen of this
city, committed euicide at 10 o'clock this
morning by blowing his brains out with a
revolver. He went Into the gun store of
Chutes Flohr and asked to have a pistol
loaded, saying that he wanted It to pro
tect himself in his saloon and cigar store
from burglars.
A 6 poon as the weapon was loaded and
handed to him he placed the muzzle at h!n
right teraplp and fired, the bullet entering
his brain. He lived about twenty minutes.
Befgmaa was prominent In Republican
political councils. At one time he wan
considered quite well off. but met with
financial reverses. Since then he has been
very despondent. Bergman leaves a widow
and little son.
one-eighth - barrels they now • have on
hand.
Pensions for Californians: Original —
Amos R. Brooks, Fresno, $6: De Witt C.
Hollingshead, Kenwood, $6; Julius Rags
ville, San Jose, $6; Archie Cruse, Bishop,
$6; Lafayette Hill. Redlands, IS. Increase
—William H. Wade. Quincy; $6 to $S;
Henry Montgomery, Fresno Flat, $6 to $8;
Francis G. Hall, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $8 to $12.
Washington: Original — Stephen. R. Gil-
Httanfl. Novelty, $10; Henry O. 'Kearns,
Elberton, $5. Increase — Theophllus Bugh,
Little Falls. $6 to $8. Reissue, special.
March 2— John W. Foley.- Wilbur. 18.
TO-DAY'S FEATURES OF
THE SHELDON EDITION
Much Space Given to a Denunciation
of Mormonism and a Flea for
Equal Suffrage. .: ,;r -
TOPEKA. Kans., March 14.-In the Cap
ital,to-morrow.an editorial by Mr. Sheldon
will lead the first page. It will be set in
larger type than that employed in the
body of the paper and will be run with a
border. It will be headed "The Union of
Christendom" and will urge a compact of
the Christian forces of the world for the
destruction of the saloon and the preser
vation of the Sabbath.
A notable first page Item is by Dr.
Woitlstek of Cedar Rapids, lowa, attack-
Ing Bohemian societies, under the follow
ing headlines: "They Teach Suicide — Soci
eties Organized to Kill Religious Belief—
"VJTork in the Bohemian Press and Fra
ternal Orders — Remarkable Growth of
Suicide." Mr. Sheldon writes an Introduc
tory note stating that the author of the
article was once an infidel, but was con
verted to Christianity through the death
of his friends.
An article denouncing Mormonlsm and
polygamy, by Richard Wake of Salt Lake
City, will be given a prominent place on
the first page. A plea for equal suffrage
by Mrs. Anna L. Diggs will be a feature
of the contributors' page.
A telegram from Kansas City announc
ing the suicide of J. S. Peffer. son of the
ex-United States Senator, will be run,
with an editorial note extending the Cap
ital's sympathy to the breaved family.
FELL FROM A LADDER.
Paul O'Brien, a Sailor, Seriously In
jured at Mill Valley. v y.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIILL VALLEY. March 14.— Paul
O'Brien, a sailor, while attempting to
emulate the feats of a diving dog, met with
serious Injuries here to-day. O'Brien be
came interested in a street show of which
the star act was a leap for life by a 3m<<U
dog from a frail ladder thirty feet in
height. HSg&S&i&gK&ESKTO&B*
The ladder was secured to the front of
Grethel's bakery and a large crowd had
gathered, when before he could be stopped
O'Brien darted up the flimsy contrivance
He had almost reached the top when the
ladder broke, hurling O'Brien to the ground
He struck on his head, sustaining a se
vere contusion at the base of his aku'l
Dr. Spottiswood stated to-night that
O'Brien may not recover from his Injuries
Blocked the Ferry Slip.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, March 14,— For half an
hour this morning the British bark In
vereak lay across the mouth of the ferry
Blip here, delaying the 9:40 trip of the
ferry boat Sausalito. The bark, which is
loaded with coal, was trying to get alone
side the slip .but the incoming tide swurfg
her around till she lay across Ihe entrance
of the ferry slip, blocking all. exit: He?
bowsprit .became entangled In the piles
g St d t,n I g UC h h er d ee Ulty ™ e^nceS"?*
Dental Parlors
(HISTORY BUILDING),
723 Market St.
(Portland Office— Fourth and Morrison Streets.)
NO PAIN ! NO GAS !
Teeth extracted and filled absolutely without
pain by our late scientific method. So sleep-
producing asents or cocaine. These are th«
only Dental i'arlors In San Francisco that hava
the patent appliances and Ingredients to ex-
tract, nil and apply gold crowns and porcelain
crowns, undetectable from natural teeth and
warranted for 10 years, without the least par-
ticle of pain. Gold crowns and teeth without
plates., gold fHltncs and all other dental wort;
done painlessly and by rpeclaltsts.
GOLD CROWN AND BRIDGE WORK A BPECULTT
. - (We guarantee a Ct or no pay.)
22-K Gold Crownti $5.00
Gold Fillings .- 1.00
Silver Fillings .- . .50
Teeth Without Plates . 5.00
-•• - ¦¦ , . . . ' ¦. *, .' 1 ,: . l .
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy Swamp-Root Will Do for YOU, Every Reader
of '"The Call" May Have a Sample Bottle Free..;
Reporters Have Convincing Interviews With Prominent People in Greater New -York Regarding Wonderful Cures.
* . -¦' ¦ '¦. _..V '¦•.¦". . : . " "
Curative Properties of Swamp=Root
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 15, 1900.
FINANCIAL BILL SIGNED
BY PRESIDENT MeKINLEY
Secretary Gage Galls in Outstanding
Bonds for Which New Issues Are
1 to Be Exchanged.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— At 12:46
o'clock this afternoon the President af
fixed his signature to the financial bill,
thus making it a law of) the land. Over
street of Indiana, who had charge of the
bill, arrived at the White House about
five minutes before that time and * was
shown into the Cabinet room,' where he
was Joined by the President, who, after
inquiring if the bill had been compared
with care, affixed his signature to it. At
the same time he recalled to those who
stood by the fact that many of the Im
portant financial bills which had been
passed by Congress had been approved on
the 14th of the month. He spoke of the
Sherman act,: the resumption act, and
now the bll} which was before him. In
signing the bill the President used a new
gold pen and holder, which Overstreet
had brought with him for the purpose.
Secretary Gage's Circular.
Immediately upon receiving notice that
the financial bill had been approved by the
President, Secretary Gage issued, a c'r
cu.ar to hcliters of United State* 5 por
cent. bonds cf the act of January 14, 1575;
4 ]•<-. cent consols of 1907, act of July 14,
157 i». end Janvarv 20, IS7I, and S per c»nt
bonds of 1908, of the act of June 13, 189S,
In which their attention 13 directed to sec
tion 11 of the act approved to-day. The
Secretary continues as follows: •- i •
Under the provisions of this law. the depart
ment will be prepared to receive on and after
this date, until further notice, any of the bonds
It-sued under the acts above mentioned, and as
early as practicable thereafter will issue In
exchange therefore | a like amount of United
States registered or coupon bonds bearing ln
terst at the rate of 2 per centum per annum,
as provided by the act approved March 14, 1900.
To effect the exchange the outstanding bond 3
should be surrendered to the Secretary of the
Treasury in accordance with the terms of this
circular; they will be accepted for that purpose
In the -order of the surrender of them to him.
and new bonds bearing interest at the rate of
2 per centum per. annum will be Issued in the
same order in lieu thereof. A letter of trans
mlttal should accompany each package of bonds
for exchange, setting forth the purpose for
which they are forwarded and giving the ad
dress to which the new bonds and checks for
the interest thereon shall be sent.
Bonds held by the Treasurer of the United
States in trust for a national bank- may be sur
rendered by letter addressed to -the Secretary
of the /Treasury, accompanied with the Treas
urer's receipt representing the bonds, together
with nf resolution of the board of directors ot
the bank authorizing the Treasurer to assign
the bonds.
Registered bonds, Inscribed in the name of
an Institution, forwarded for exchange, must
be accompanied by a resolution of the board of
directors of the institution, authorizing their
assignment to the Secretary of the Treasury for
such, exchange. The resolution must bear the
seal of . the Institution, or. If the institution
have no seal, there must be furnished with the
resolution an affidavit setting forth that fact.
Calculation of Interest.
Upon acceptance of any bonds for exchange
under the conditions of this circular, the pres
ent worth of the surrendered bonds to yield an
income of 2*i per centum per annum will be
calculated as of the date of their acceptance,
except as provided in the next paragraph, and
the sum representing the difference between the
political worth ;of said bonds and their par
value will be paid to the owner thereof In due
course by a check drawn in his favor by the
Treasurer of the United States. The settlement
will include payment by the department of ac
crued ¦ Interest on the old bonds to the
date of their acceptance for exchange, and
a charge against the owner for accrued
interest on the new bonds from the date
of their issu« to said date of acceptance.
Bonds surrendered upon which Interest has been
prepaid need not be accompanied by a deposit
to cover such prepaid interest, as the depart
ment will deduct at the lime of the settlement
any amount which may be due on account of
unmatured interest which has been prepaid.
The new bonds will be dated April 1. 1900:
therefore all outstanding bonds surrendered for
exchange and accepted for that purpose prior
to that date will bear interest to April 1.
and interest on the new bonds will begin, and
the present worth of • such, surrendered bonds
will be calculated as of the said April L The
new bonds will be Issued In denominations as
follows: Coupon. J5O. $100, 1300. $1000. Regis
tered, $50. $100.': $500. $1000, $5000. $10,000. $30,000.
All bonds forwarded' for" exchange will be
regarded as the property of ¦ the person, firm
or institution in whose favor the new bonds
are to be issued and .in each case the check
in settlement of the "present worth." etc..
above referred to will be drawn in favor of
such person. Arm or institution; but If the
agent forwarding the bonds shall desire and
bo request the bonds and the check may be
forwarded to such- agent's address for delivery
to the owner.
May Suspend the Exchange. t
Blank forms of application for the exchange*
herein authorized and blank- resolutions for
use by Institutions have been prepared by the
department and may be obtained on applica
tion to the Secretary of the Treasury.
In exercise of the discretion given to the
Secretary of the Treasury under section U of
the act he reserves the right to suspend the
exchange of bonds above contemplated when
ever in his opinion the interests of the Gov
ernment may be best served thereby.
The Secretary of the Treasury also reserves
the right to change the terms of exchange
above set forth. ¦ . >
Either by requiring a bonus or premium upon
the 2 per cent bonds or by requiring the hold
ers of bonds outstanding to surrender the same
In exchange for the new bonds at a, rate to
yield an income of more than 2'i per cent per
annum. . .-, ¦.'¦• ••?-;!
Mfl PL AYfQ PjM^
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlee Lists Malial
on Application.
COAL, COKB AND PIO IROX
I r WIT SflV it Cl\ 90 ° Battery Street.
J- L- niLjlM (X WUm Telephone Main ISM.
V v COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supc H. BLTTH. Mgr.
rU r CMITH 6hl P Plumbing. Steamboat
W- IT • OJll 1 Ii» and Ship Work a Specialty. 13
and IS Washington «. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
fA t ROYF^ k C fl Shlpplnc Butchers. 104
JA> DlMtJtt CU-» Clay. TeL Main 12J4.
PAPER DEALERS.
WTT I AWFTTF PDLP ****> paper CO..
IT ILL A. TIL iIC 722 Montgomery st
PHINTI.NJ.
E.C HUGHES. m.JKSTS?-*...
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
T.i*rr»phic pp A RR T RHHi E MC< *££r to
WHITE ASfl STEAM COAL, 3SF&J2
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO. at Its GREEN*
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is th« Best Coal In to*
market. Office and Yards— 43o Main street.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
S< yi9?^** El i VOLANTE sails April lit for
NOME and YOUK. Th» captain has had lons
expertence liv-Berlng Sea and promises to land
»s early as Ice will permit. Chance to pros-
pect : Islands on i the ¦ way If desirable. For
«r'i K T"iV. or ? aasa * c a PP«y on board. CAPT. M.
WHITE. Bulkhead, between Mlsalon and
Howard ats . . .
|L BOYLE. ¦_ = _ === ||jA *k ' / 1 7 BODKIN. I
2|BEECHAH'S PILLS
; taken at night v/ill make you
•feel right, act right and look
\ right. They cure Constipation.
I i. ?»... ¦ i «¦ 4
Benefit for St. Teresa.
St. Teresa's Church will receive a ben
efit next Saturday evening by the ladies
of the Potrero -who will present "A Col
ored Reception." Miss Annie ißooney,
Miss Etta Welch, the Columbia Quartet,
and thirty well-known artists will par
ticipate. The performance will be held in
fit. Teresa's Hall. .
that written by C. M. Bradley, '01. wa*
given the first prize. H. W. tSrunsky, '99.
received "'honorary mention. The judges
were Dr.'J.C. Brannsr, Professors Hud
son and Murray of the Stanford faculty.
Professor McGonn, Messrs. F. J. Syrnmcs,
M. F. Pixley, J. S. Hutchinson and G. W.
Dickie of San Francisco. , ; '
. C; M. Bradley, the winner of the prize,
is a Junior in college ; with his' major : in
the English department.' Before entering
college he was engaged- in newspaper
work In San Francisco.
THE WRECKED STEAMER WOLCOTT.
SEATTLE. March 14.— The steamer
Excelsior arrived here this after
noon with Captain Snow and the
passengers and crew of the Pacific
Steam Whaling Company's steamer
Wolcott. which was wrecked on the night
of January 31, near Karluk, Alaska. All
were confined three days on the beacn at
the foot of a glacier, in the snow and rain
without shelter on account of the unusu
ally high tides, but on the fourth day
managed to get away in the ship s small
boats to Uak Bay. where there is a sal
mon cannery. They reached the cannery
on February 4 and remained there till
February 27. when the Excelsior came
along and picked them up.
The Wolcott Is a total loss. She struck
at 10 50 at night on a rocky point half way
between Karluk and Uak Bay in a howj
ing northwest gale. Pilot Keen was on
the bridge at the time. Captain Snw
rushed on deck and backed her off, but she
began to tlli rapidly. The engineer report
ed he could keep her afloat only twenty
minutes and the captain then decided to
beach her. The passengers were put safe
ly ashore in small boats through heavy
surf. Food and blankets were got out of
th Amorfg the passengers on the Wolcott
were George C. Mayon and wife of Lnga.
He La son of Superintendent Thomas
Mayon of the Apollo at Lnga. who came
down on the Excelsior from Lnga. A.
Jl5 000 gold brick from the mine was saved,
as 'were also the mails and the baggage.
Oth*»r Wolcott passengers are: E. H. ben
jamin. San Francisco: L Bowers Deputy
United States Marshal. Lnga; John V<nA.
Unga; James Loomey. TJnga: Trafine Tu
kanen, Unga. Not a life was lost.
E. H. Benjamin, the mining expert, who
was one of the passengers on the 111-rated
Wolcott. has been prominent on this coast
for years. He has an office in this city,
but his home Is on Madison street, Oak-
a The rumors of the wreck of the Wolcott
caused great anxiety not only to the fam
ily. but to the hundreds of friends of Mr.
Benjamin, although It was not known to
a certainty that he was aboard the ves
sel. ¦ He went north some time ago to ex
amine the Apollo mines at Unga.
Passenger Engine Derailed.
CHICAGO. March 14.— The Chicago-
Denver flyer train No. 1 on the Burling
ton road met an accident to-night twenty
five miles west of Ottumwa, la. Accord
ing to reports received at the Burlington
office here the engine of the train and
trucks cf the first car were derailed. No
person was Injured.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, March
14.— A cablegram just received announces
the marriage of Mrs. Frances Hodgson
Burnett to Stephen Townsend. F. R. C. S.
of the Inner Temple, Continental Club,
London.
Mrs. Burnett came over to this' country
in October last, and after having spent
the winter at her Washington residence
sailed for Genoa on February 2S. On her
arrival at Genoa she was met by Mr.
Townsend and the* marriage was quietly
celebrated.
Mr. Townsend Is the son of the late Rev.
George Tyler Townsend, late incumbent
of St. Michaels, once chaplain to the
Duke of Northumberland, also Bishop of
Tasmania. By profession he Is a physi
cian, having won the degree of fellow
of the Royal College of Surgeons, but
while attaining great skill and efficiency
In his calling he has never cared for it
and several years ago gave it up for the
stage.
The romance began 'prior to the time
when Mrs. Burnett and Mr. Townsend
collaborated in the dramatization of "The
Lady of Quality." on the American rights
of which each of the playwrights realized
a fortune. Mrs. Burnett first met Mr.
Townsend through the introductions of
friends, and shortly thereafter engaged
him as her secretary. A few weeks later
she was thrown from her carriage and
nearly killed. A great London physician
who went to the country post haste finally
left her in charge of Mr. Townsend, whose
skill he knew and recognized in this im
portant crisis. Mrs. Burnett was still far
from recovery when she received Intelli
gence of the serious illness of her son,
Lionel, and left on the first steamer for
this country to take him back with her
for treatment by specialists on consump
tion. Mr. Townsend remained by the
boy's bedside with the mother nursing
him day and night untfl the end. Later
followed the collaboration In the drama
tization of "The Lady of Quality." Vivian
Burnett, the only surviving son. has been
for a number of years past on the staff
of one of the Denver (Colo.) papers.
For the next two months Mr. and Mrs.
Townsend will travel on the Riviera and
in the Island of Corsica before golncr to
the latter's English home, Maytham Hall,
one of the oldest and finest properties In
Kent.
It was at Maytham Hall that the greater
portion of .Mrs. Burnett's latest -book.
"Concerning the De WHlou^bby Claim,"
wis written. Her next important work
of dramatization will be en this book.
WOLCOTT WRECKED
BUT NO LIVES LOST
Struck^oh ttye fllasKao Coast and
Rasseogers aod Crew Landed
During h\eavy Storm.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STEPHEN TOWNSEND
WEDS MRS. BURNETT
Gouple Met in Genoa, Where the
CererT)ony Was Quietly
Performed.
T^HE SAX FKAKCISCO CALL, TMUifSDAY, MAltCJtl 15, 1900.
Was a San Franciscan.
" STOCKTON, March 14.— The man who
committed suicide here last evening by
Cameras and photo supplies in artists'
material department at Sanborn & Vail's,
741 Market street. .: . . •
Our Nation's Wealth.
Gold and " silver are , poured ; abundantly Into
the lap of the nation, but our material wealth
and strength Is rather in Iron, the most useful
of all metals, • Just as the wealth ot a human
being ; lies : in a useful . stomach. - If you have
overworked • yours until : It . Is • disabled. : ~ try
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. • It .will relieve
the dogged I bowels. I improve , the ¦ appetite and
cure constipation, dyspepsia, ' bll lousneas. liver
and kidney dlseaa*.
tify the examination paper similarly num.
hJLi By this system the identity of the
one examined will not be disclosed until
the final announcement: of the result,
which will be in a week or ten days. :
COMMISSIONER FREUD INSTRUCTS THE COMPETITORS.
ADVEE-TISESIENTS.
blowing his brains out on the lawn near
the Southern Pacific passenger depot was
Identified this morning as C. Hall of San
Francisco, that being the way he regis
tered at a local hotel.
ESSAY CONTEST.
C. M. Bradley Wins the Prize Offered
to Stanford Students.
Special Dispatch to The Cull. . . ?. ;,
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, 'March 14.—
The, announcement , made ' to-day of
the : result i of ; the Cosmopolitan Magazine
prize essay, contest which- was instituted
last December. : The prize offered was $100
to the. Stanford student who .should .write
the best essay '.upon ' the I. following sub
ject: L "What order, of studies Is besfsult
ed to fit the average man for his duties In
the world of to-day ?" :* .-;¦ ¦-*; ¦ ;. -
Nine essays were submitted, from which
CIVIL SERVICE APPLICANTS FOR POSITIONS AS
COPYISTS PUT TO A VERY SEVERE TEST.
Suicide of a Young Man.
LOS ANGELES. March H.— O. J. Brown,
manager of the Fortuna mine near Yuma.
who resides in this city, received word to
day that his son. George Brown, commit
ted suicide at the mine last night by
shooting himself through the heart. No
particulars are known, but It is presumed
despondency '. caused the act. Young:
Brown was associated with his father In
the management of the Fortuna property.
Thrown From His Horse.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ROSEBURG. Or., March 14.— T0-day as
Dr. E. V. Hoover, a prominent physician
of this city, was returning from a pro
fessional visit to Camas Valley, his hor««e
became frightened at the train near Sandy
Point and he was thrown violently to the
ground, striking On the left side of his
face, and received Injuries which may
prove serious.
Initial Examination Is
Successfully Held
in the Girls' High
School Building.
Nearly Five Hundred
Appear to Compete
for Positions Under
the New Charter.
THE first civil service examination
preparatory to the inauguration of
the merit system in the municipal
government was held last night in
the Girls' High School. A number
of prominent citizens and office-holders
were present to testify the interest they
take In the new order of things.
Out of 567 applicants for the positions of
copyists, only 460 appeared for the exam
inations, half of whom were women. They
were accommodated at a dozen long tables
that stretched across the length of the
large auditorium. Seatod upon the stage
were Mayor Phelan, Civil Service Commis
sioners Freud, Quinn and McCarthy. ex-
Judge Slack, ex-Mayor Pond and F. W.
Dohrmann, constituting the Board of I.x
aminers. County Clerk Deane, Sheriff
Lackmann, Coroner Cole, Election Com
missioner Greenblatt, School Director Den
man, Commissioner Manson of the Board
of Public Works, besides a number ot
employes in the City Hall. The gallery
was filled with a large number of specta-
When all the competitors had seated
themselves in their allotted places. Pres
ident Freud of the commission made a
short address, in which he announced the
appointment of the following teachers a-s
assistant examiners, who had volunteered
their services, at the same time paying
them a high compliment for so doing;
E. Brooke, Mrs. J. K. Burke, Mrs. H. J.
Bain. Miss K. F. Casey. Mary E. Callahan,
Amy T. Campbell. Susie H. Earle. Mrs. M. M.
Fitzevrald, Miss Nellie G.. Gallagher. Franz
Goldstein. Miss A. M. Hagarty, F. G. Iluskey,
A. E. Kellopfc, Miss Augusta G. Kelly. Mrs.
Jane Seymour Klink, Albert Lyser. Frank Mor
ton. Miss L. McElroy. T. 11. McCarthy. C. W.
Moores. Mler M. ilaener, Miss M. McKenzle.
G. O. Mitchell, Mrs. M. Prac. Mrs. C. R.
Pechin, Philip Prior. Mrs. Mary A. Scherer,
J. H. Simmons. Miss Jennie M. Smith, Miss
N. F. Sullivan. Miss Elfie Smith, Miss M. G.
Sullivan. L.. M. Stuck. Miss J. Saunders. Mrs.
K. A. Wood, S. A- White, Miss A. J. Clark.
Chief Examiner Edward F. Moran had
for his assistants In supervising the direct
work of the. examination President C. W.
Mark and Mrs. Klncaid of the Board of
Education.
After Mr. Freud had read some of the
rules governing the examination a strong
box which contained the questions was
opened by Secretary Moran, and the first
subject, that of writing from dictation,
was commenced. A passage from the new
charter relating to public utilities was
read by Mr. Freud, who found it neces
eary to leave the stage and take a posi
tion in the center of the hall in order to
be heard distinctly. Even "then some of
the competitors found it difficult to under
stand what was being read.
The second subject was copying from
plain copy and was intended as a test of
the applicant's handwriting. The matter
was taken from the first part of a deed,
and it is significant that the women in
most cases finished first in the w«uk of
transcribing. The third subject consistea
In copying from a rough draft section 12
of the charter. In which the words were
nearly all misspelled, abounding in Inter
lineations and utterly devoid of punctu
ation. After the competitors had put the
copy in proper shape the papers wero
handed In to the chief examiner, after ex
actly one hour had been consumed in the
proceedings.
The Board of Examiners busied Itself
with numbering the - examination papers
and attaching blanks bearing the con
cealed name of the writer. The latter
was then detached and will serve to lden-
of the Epworth League, has brought suit
for $23,000 damages against Rev. Charles
Parkhurst of Boston, publisher of Zion*s«
Herald: Rev. B. C. Jennings, Western
agent of the Methodist Book Concern, and
Rev. Joseph Berry, editor of the Epworth
Herald, for alleged conspiracy. The
charge is based on the statement that the
three defendants attempted to drive Dr.
Schell out of the Methodist church and
incidentally to deprive him of his position
as secretary of the Epworth League, with
the loss of the accompanying annual sal
ary of 14000. The trouble arose from a
controversy over royalties on a songbook
published by the Methodist Book Concern.
CHARGED WITH PERJURY.
Bertha Chatelaine Is Arrested in Los
Angeles. .
LOS ANGELES. March 14.— Bertha
Chatelaine, the woman who testified- in
the suit of Mme. Durand against Theo
Bauer, alleging that she recognized Bcuer
as Durand, was arrested to-day and
charged with perjury. She was taken be
fore Justice Austin and her preliminary
examination set for Monday next. She
went to Jail, being unable to furnish bail.
The woman is a maid in the family of ex-
Senator Ives of lowa. She was supposed
to have furnished the money for Slme.
Durand, alias Jelsch. to prosecute her suit
against Bauer, but it is now known that
the money came from a- third partr
through her. Sensational developments
are expected when her trial takes place
Ended His Life.
EL PASO, Tex., March 14.— M. A. Shay
of Marysville. Mont., 57 years of age, com
mitted suicide here to-night at his room
in a hotel by shooting himself through
the forehead. Despondency due to ill
health was the cause. Shay had been a
mining man of prominence and was well
known on the Pacific Coast. He left an
unsealed letter addressed to hlsr wife at
Marysville in which he said he had de
cided to end his life and asked her for
giveness, ---y';
CLERGYMEN PRINCIPALS
IN A DAMAGE SUIT
Dr. Edwin A. Schell Alleges Conspir
acy to Drive Him Out of the
1 Church.
CHICAGO, March 14.— Rev. Edwin A.
Schell, D.D., formerly general secretary
GERMAN FLAG HOISTED
AT SAMOAN CAPITAL
Ceremony Takes Place in the Pres
ence of Four Thousand
Natives.
£r*ei*! Cat>> to The Call.
AUCKLAND. March 14.— Advices ' from
Apia, Samoa, dated March 1. state that
en that date the Governor, Dr. Solf,
raised the German flag in the presence of
*aw natives. All is Quiet in the islands.
Mataafa and Tamasese witnessed the
ctrtmony. Herr Kxipping, formerly Vice
Consul at Sydney, will act as Chief Judge
i^r.G Vice Governor. A public reconcilia
tion took place at the flag hoisting be
tween Mataafa and Taraasese. The Su
prtme Court, the municipal Council, the
munic:j>aJ magistracy and the consul
cauru were abolished. The laws will re
main in force as at present.
The natives are awaiting news from
Germany its to the form of government.
TWO DEATHS IN THE
BEECHER FAMILY
Passing of Mrs. Hilary Foote Beecher
Perkins and Rev. Thomas
K. Beecher.
HARTFORD, Conn.. March 14.— Mrs.
Mary Beecher Perkins died to-day at the
home of her son, Charles E. Perkins, aged
£¦4 years and 9 months. She was the daugh
ter of Rev. Lyman Beecher and his wife,
Rosalia Foote, Mrs. Perkins was a sister
of Rev. Henry Ward Beechtr and of liar
rlet Beccfaer Stowe, and a half-sister of
Mrs. Isabella Beecher Hooker of this city
and of liev. Thomas K. Beecher of Kl
niira, N. Y.
KLMJRA, N. V.. March 14.— The Rev.
Tbcaas X- Beecher, the elder and last
surviving brother of the Rev. Henry
Ward litrecher. died here to-day, aged il
years. Mr. Btecher was stricken by par
alysis while on his way home from church
last tunday.
COUER D'ALENE
INQUIRY LEADS
TO ACRIMONY
r«r
Clash Between Republican
and Democratic Commit
tee Members.
Lentz Objects t5 "Outside Coaching*
by a Lawyer in the "Employ
of Governor Steunen
berg. " ; .
WASHINGTON*. March It— Feeling ran
high at the Coeur d'Alene Investigation
before the House Committee on Military
Affairs to-day and there were several spir
ited exchanges between Chairman Hull
and Representative Lentz.
George Cornell was on the stand, relat
ing his experience during Imprisonment,
which differed only In detail from that of
other witnesses. One of his recitals re
lates to an old soldier, who, because
of the brutality of the negro guards to
ward him. took his Grand Army button
from his coat and with tears in his eyes
threw it away. Cornell said he made a
memoranda of the affair, but the book
was taken from him, and he saw It after
ward in the possession of Bartlett Stn-
clair, the Governor's representative dur
ing the troubles.
Sinclair, who was present, arose and
declared that there was no such soldier
as had been described. *
Lentz protested against statements not
under oath. He gave notice that he would
call on Sinclair to produce all his books
to locate this alleged soldier entry.
Chairman Hull here interposed to re
mind Lenxz that he was not the entlra
committee and was not in a position indi
vidually to order the production of books.
This was the province of the committee,
and without such action Lentz's not lew
amounted to nothing:.
Lentz said that this was the usual no
tice that books referred to in testimony
would be called for. He asked that the
committee make the request, and without
objection this was done. Lentz movea
that the committee call for all rolls, rec
ords, etc., showing the names of those
held in the "bull pen." the charges against
them. etc. The committee went Into ex
ecutive session to pass upon the motion.
At the executive session the committee
voted by 6 to S against calling for the Im
mediate presentation of the rolls, records,
etc., of the "bull pen." It was agreed,
however, that General Merriam and oth
ers be requested to present any such pa
pers when they are heard.
"Was Steunenbsrg's Lawyer.
When the open session was resumed tha
testimony wa3 soon interrupted by an
other exciting controversy. One of the
attorneys present in behalf of the State
of Idaho occupied a seat near the head
of the table, and Lentz referred to the
"outside coaching" which was going on.
He also questioned the attorney as to
whom he represented, by whom he was
retained and what retainer had been paid.
The answer was that Governor Steunen
berg had given him a 1250 check as re
tainer. Then the following colloquy oc
curred:
Chairman Hull— What difference does that
make? *
Sulzer of New York— Don't be so timid. Mr.
Chairman.
Stevens of Minnesota— There is such a thins
as decency.
That may be.
Stevens— You had better set a Uttle of It.
Dick of Ohio — I object to the Insulting re
mark of the gentleman from Xew York to tlia
chairman. .
Sulzer — Never mind what you want to do
about It. I will have my rights here. You can
rest assured of that. I know. Mr. Dick, you are
very sensitive.
Dick— Not at all sensitive to anything- yon caa
say.
Sulzer — We will have our say here.
The manner of the exchange showed
that the members were very much In
earnest. The witness then went on with
his testimony. He told of the vilenesa of
the barn where the men were first con
fined and of the harsh treatment accorded
them.
POLICE RAID
ON NEW YORK
RESTAURANTS
Proprietors Arrested for
Providing Music for
Their Patrons.
» .
Offenders Charged "With Failure to
Obtain Concert-Hall Licenses in .
Accordance With the
City's Taw.
9
redai Dispatch to Tie Call
NEW YORK. March 14.— The police car
ried out their threat to-night and arrested
ihe proprietors cf most of the fashionable
resta.ura.nts. including the proprietor of
the Imeprlal Hotel, on the charge of hav
ing music in their restaurants without
a. concert hall license. The police also
visited such places as the Hotel Majestic,
the Marie Antoinette, the St. Andrew
and the Empire and ordered that the
music be stopped.
Ir.ter.se indignation was manifested by
some of those who came under the severe
hand cf the police to-night and they were
enraged that they should be arrested in
the same class with offenders like the pro
prietors of the Tivoli, the Bohemia, the
Cairo Cafe and other places of eimilar
reputation.
The manager cf Sherry's was compelled
to send his musicians home, owing to th*»
fact tnat he «2id not have a concert hall
license. The Waldorf-Astoria has a con
cert hall license, and the merry strain of
music was heard in that vicinity through
out the evening. The managers of the
Buckingham, the Savoy and the Nether
land, ail on Fifth avenue, received notice
to stop their orchestra until they ob
tained concert hail licenses, and they
complied with this order.
This action was taken by the police
after a consultation by Inspector Thomp
son and several cf the captains of the
Tenderloin station. Detectives were sent
cut about 7 o'clock, during the busy
hour cf the restaurants, and they
brought back a number»of prisoners. The
prisoners gave bail promptly and were
as outspoken in their denunciation of the
action of the peolice as were the patrons
at the restaurants.
Captain Donohue of the West Forty
sever, th -street Police station sent out his
men to stop all music, but they made no
arrests. The restaurants in the precinct
fcad to get along without orchestras. The ;
earne treatment was served out to all the
prominent restaurant proprietors in the
uptown districts.
A summons was served on Michael
Fhanlty to appear before a magistrate
and explain why he permitted music ia
his restaurant on Tuesday night.
WILCOX TELLS
STORY OF HIS
BRUTAL CRIME
Taken to Santa Rosa and
Given a Preliminary
[:,-.¦] Hearing.
Says -He Took Poison After Killing
His Wife, but It Did Not
Even Make Him
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, March 14.— George F.
"Wllcox, the Kelseyville farmer whose
brutal murder of his wife at Lytton.
Springs last Wednesday caused such a
sensation, was brought back from Pasa
dena by Sheriff Frank P. Grace to-day
and lodged in the County Jail. He was
arrested at Pasadena Sunday afternoon,
having gone there to visit relatives.
Shortly after his arrival here he was
taken "before Judge Brown for examina
tion. He admitted his guilt and the ex
amination was waived. Wilcox sticks to
the story he told -when arrested at Pasa
dena and says he was insane at the time
he committed the deed. When examined
in jail just after his arrival he denied his
crime, but afterward made a complete
confession. , ?,
Me =ays he left his home at Kelseyville
and drove down to Lytton Springs, where
his wife was living with her brother. W il
11am Price, and family, with the Intention
if possible of inducing her to return and
live with him. If he falted in this he had
fully made up his mind to kill her. Ar
riving at Price's home, he at once began
a discussion of the subject. Before he
entered the house in which the crime was
committed, he says, he and his wife were
quarreling. As they entered Mrs. Wilcox
started to build a lire in the kitchen stove.
She was kneeling over the stove apply
ing the match when the first shot was
fired. It struck her in the neck, inflicting
a flesh wound. She screamed and, looking
up, cried, "Oh, George, don't." Without
heeding the agonized plea for mercy, the
murderer, according to his own story, at
once tired again, the ball this time enter
ing his wife's eye. She then fell to the
floor, and he fired a third time, placing
the smoking revolver close to the pros
trate woman's cheek before pulling the
The prisoner declares that when he left
home ft was his intention to kill himself
as soon as he had killed his wife, if that
became necessary, and for that purpose
he brought with him a small quantity of
poison. He afterward changed his mind.
Although his wife's body when found gave
evidence of her having been clubbed as
well as shot. Wilcox denies that he struck
her At first he denied that he had cov
ered her up with a blanket, but this be
afterward admitted. When he left the
house the woman was not quite dead, but
he says he knew she would not live long.
In explanation of his crime the prisoner
says he was attacked by a sudden fit of
Insanity, and after firing the first shot lost
himself completely and hardly knew
what happened until he found himself
walking rapidly away from the scene of
the crime. He says he took the poison as
intended, but it did not even make him
sick. In many important details the pris
oner's story falls to hang together, and it
Is hardly likely that his plea of temporary
insanity will be able to withstand the at
tacks to which it will doubtless be sub
jected by the prosecution.
iT ••9 I w- 'll'ti IllT Wu £| measuring blank. Mention thai ''j.
Life insurance is
good for your family."
Health, insurance is
good for both YOU
and your family.
You collect health insurance by
living. You have to die before life
insurance can be collected.
If you knew your health was
threatened you'd insure it if you
could. You can insure your health.
The stomach is the vital center
of the body. The whole body is
nourished from the stomach. The
blood is made in the stomach. A
disordered stomach means disor-
dered blood, disordered body, disor-
dered brain. You never heard of
a sicjc person with a sound stomach.
Make your stomach sound and
you insure your health*
How? As thousands of others
have done by the use of Doctor
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery.
It's the one sure medicine for the
stomach. It heals. It strengthens.
Words fail to express what I suffered
for three years, with cold chills, palpitation
cf heart, shortness of breath, and low spir-
its, writes Mrs. A- C Tones, of Walter-
boro Colleton Co., S. C T could not
sleep aad really thought I would soon die.
Had ¦ peculiar roarin? through my head
all the ti:ne Was so emaciated and weak
I could not feed myself. My aunt induced
xae to try Dr. Pierce* Golden Medical Dis-
covery, v-hich I did, only to please her, and
six bottles cured mr. To-day am sound
and well. During: the three years I was
eick I had five different physicians.' f
Consult Dr. Pierce by letter, free.
All correspondence private. Ad-
cress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y.
tors.
3
MRS. FRANCES HODGSON BURNETT-TOWNSEND.• From
J. J. MEDER & ZOON,
SCHIEDAM, HOLLAND.
CHAKLE B KKIKECKE A CO.,
Aytßta Pacific Coast, (14 Sacramento BtTMt
Ban Francleoo, CaL
ALBERT VALE
IN FRONT FOR
THE BUSH CUP
Tony Licalzi's Entry Dumps
the Talent in the New
Orleans Classic.
NEW ORLEANS, March 14.— The Bush
Cup, which, though "an afterthought this
year, will take its place among the South
ern turf classics, furnished an unsatisfac
tory contest to-day. Llcalzl's pair, Donna
Rita and Nailer, were favorites, coupled
In the straight betting at 9 to 10, and fin
ished second and third. : Kyrat, , which had.,
strong support at fours, made the runnim?
for a" mile, and a 1a 1 half; but qult-,when chal
lenged ,by Albert Vale," which, came on
and won' as he^pleased.
Trladltza and lola, were the only, winning
favorites. Seldenbach's race In thte steeple-,
chase was unsatisfactory to the stewards,'
who j suspended ; the*', owner, - trainer and
jockey Stewart indefinitely, pending an in
vestigation.- They als"o recommend the re
fusal of further entry of the -mare Neva
Smith, iwhlch waa> left at the: post 'in the
fifth. race. ; ;\ . ; ' ~,- - . .¦
Hurricane's mile. In 1:40 in the handicap
is-a- track. record..»_ReBults: : .. ....„
Six furlongs— Triaditza won,' Hlmtlme second,
Maggie Davis third. Time, 1:14. *,4, 4
One mile.i. selling— Lovable won.. Belle of. Or-i
leans second, Miss Dede third. .Time." 1:42. ' .. :
Short .; course, steeplechase -handicaps-Van:
Brunt, won, Jtm Hogg second, Seldenbach third. ¦
Time,' 3!ll«i. •¦•"-,•¦•'--.' ¦ >:,. :.-.-.v;-.-.t - ; ..-.,:- ,
Selling, two and a quarter miles,',. the. Bush*
cup— Albert' Vale woa;i Nailer second, Donna!
Rita third, Time, S:66U. ?» :¦ -^ ; . ,- A . .... , ,
One mile, handicap— Hurricane .won.' Flprizar ;
•econd. Lady Callahan third. Time, 1:40.: •'/: i
Six furlongs, selling— lola won, Mouseltoff
second, Kilt third. Time, 1:14. -
onds in a moment. A crowd gathered in
Butler's corner and a riot seemed immi
nent. Butler tried to strike Stelzner again,
but the men were dragged apart and the
ring was cleared.
Before the two .heavyweights entered
the ring the rumor spread through the
building that all was not right in the bft
ting and that Referee Welch would de
clare all bets off. When wagering first
commenced Butler was a strong favorite,
at odds of 10 to 7. He continued at this
price until late yesterday afternoon, when
money poured into the poolboxes on Stelz
ner, until he was installed favorite, at
odds of 10 to 5. In the mutuels the bulk
of. the play was on Stelzner to win in the
first round.
When the men were In the ring "Billy"
Jordan made his announcement of the
directors of the National Athletic
Club having "met and held a meeting," in
which they decided to declare all bets off.
"Jack" Welch, the referee, stepped to the
center of the ring as the men were about
to go Into action and said: "I declare all
bets on this fight off." The clang of the
gong then started proceedings. ? ¦¦
The boxers were allowed no representa
tion in the box office. After they had gone
to their dressing-rooms they were noti
fied that as the fight was palpably a
fake they would receive nothing for their
labors. The articles of agreement call for
them to receive CO per cent of the gross
receipts, to be divided between them, the
lion's share going to the victor. Out of
their share the management wanted to
take $500 to pay the boxers in the prelim
inary, but finally compromised by taking
J225." Of this Stelzner contributed $150 and
Butler $75.
Although the genuineness of the first
bout was not questioned It was evident
Herrera could win when he pleased.
When it reached the round In which his
friends had bet on him to win he sailed
in and the agony was soon ended..
The bout between Aurelio Herrera and
Crockey Boyle ended In the tenth round,
Boyle being knocked out. A right on the
jaw sent Boyle to the floor, the ropes at
the ringside breaking his fall. He was
still dazed when he stood up, and a crush
ing right on the jaw sent him through the
ropes, and but for the assistance of spec
tators he would have fallen to the floor.
He was out for more than the allotted ten
seconds. Boyle was a disappointment lo
ring followers. His showing In the Kast
against such shining lights as "Kid"'
Broad, Boland and other prominent pugil
ists gained him immediate recognition by
the National Club. He showed him?e!f
last night a parlor boxer without an ef
fective blow. His guarding was faultless,
but he could not withstand the fierce at
tacks of Herrera. The latter amuscl the
spectators with his pecullarfoot work. He
moved about as though stepping on egg
shells. At times he brought his right foot
forward with a motion like pulling it out
of soft and adhesive tar. He depends al
most entirely on right-hand swings In his
attacks. He is a stiff puncher and when
he lands his opponent feels the Impact. A
man with a good left will, -apparently, be
able to take his measure.
Poolsellers Suspected a Fake.
The report was circulated late last night
that Groom and Gibbs of the National
Club had wagered the entire receipts of
the box-omce on Stelzner. and that their
action In ordering the referee to declare
all bets off was forced upon 'them by two
well-known pool-sellers, who learned of
the BCheme to rob the public, and threat
ened to expose the whole nefarious busi
ness unless this was done.
CURTIS KENNEL
WINS THE STAKE
WITH McKINLEY
Black and White Greyhound
Defeats St. Michael
Handily. "
Weather Conditions Affect the Hares,
Making Them Bun in an Erratic
Manner in Many
Courses.
After being started twice a week for
over a year past Curtis & Son's black and
white greyhound McKlnley surprised both
his owner and the betting public by win
ning the midweek stake. He met St.
Michael in the final and beat him point
less, winning by a score of 5 to 0. - In the
semi-final round he met Forget, and won
by a score of 3 to 2. Forget was a hot
favorite in the betting, the odds being 5
to 2. McKlnley had' a severe course in the
fourth round with Just Tip, which it was
thought had ruined his chances. He came
back strong, however, and won out.
The sport throughout the day was of
poor class, owing to the hares. These
were new to the place and were, appar
ently benumbed by the cold of the pre
• vious night. There were an unusual num
ber of undecided courses. Bona Fide was
unfortunate to go unsighted in two
courses. Reannex and Kandom Aim ran
three times before the latter raised the
flag. In one course the brace ran head
and head to the hare. The latter dropped
in front of them, and as no work had
been done it was called "no course."
Sally Brass beat Stromboli, which was
favorite at 5 to 7; Nellie G beat Slim at
the same odds; Bona Fide won from Min
nie Wa Wa at 2 to 5; Jesse Moore beat Sir
Pasha at 1 to 6. The detailed results of
the running, with Judge John- Grace's
official scores, follow:
Maher & Reid's Nellie Bawn, a bye. Merry
May drawn; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael beat
Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon, 3—o;3 — 0; J. P.
Thrift's Forget beat M. London's Hicks, S—o;S — 0;
J. Martenet's Sally Brass beat J. McEnroe's
Stromboli, 13—15; S. Mahoney's Chief of the
Hill beat M. London's Battle Ax, B—6; T. J.
Cronin's Thornhlll beat J. It. Smith's Lady
Sears, s—o; Maher & Reid's Singleton beat R.
Strehl's Jlmmie Cork, 4—l; J. Mooney's Silent
Treasure beat J. R. Smith's Victor Queen, 3—l;
J. Carroll's Auckland beat J. Muller's Rox,
fi — 4; J. McEnroe's Nor' west beat J. It. Smith's
Master Davenport, 3—o;3 — 0; Curtis & Sons' Cash
beat M. J. ONell's Pat Rellly.,3— l; I>. Win
ders' Kisky Attempt beat J. I\ Thrift's Tired
Out. 10—3; F. A. McComb's Motto beat G. W.
Heintz's Rustic Beauty, ¦ 4—o: R. E. de B.
Lopez's Dairy Maid beat R. L. Taylor's Tor
ment. s—o; J. Muller's Mocorlto beat J. P.
Thrift's Tar o' Hill. 5—4; J. McEnroe's Admiral
Sampson beat S. E; Portal's Louise, 7—o;7 — 0; Er
win — Lyons' Silver Wings beat T. A. Oaff
ney's False Flatterer, 3—2; Aeneld Kennels'
Aeneas beat P. Doyle's, Wilj Monarch, 3—l;3 — 1;
R. .Strehl's Three Cheers b«*M J. Ronnlng's
Dempsey Lass/e-rO; E. Casserly's Lady Blanche
beat Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Erin, 4—l;4 — 1; W.
Creamer's Jesse Moore beat W. L. Stevens'
Artificial s—o;5 — 0; F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha beat
J. M. Halton's Lavender, 6 — »; Pasha Kennels'
Reannex I beat R. E. de B. ' Lopez's Wander,
s—o;5 — 0; D. Winders' Random Aim. "a bye, Magneto
withdrawn; Curtis & Sons' McKlnley beat J.
H. Smith's Lancashire Lass. 0—0; Aeneid Ken
nels' Athena beat G. Ehmann's Target. 4— 2;
J. Murnane's Wlldwood beat J. Talbot's Black
rpek, B —^¦ f S; Mahoney's Nellie G beat J. Mar
tenet's Slim. 14— 10; J. Martinet's Buxton beat
Curtis & Sons' Shadow, 6—o;6 — 0; J. L. Ross" Just
Tip beat -J. Smith's Master Workman, s—o;5 — 0;
R. L. Taylor's Rowdy Boy beat J. Carroll's
Blueetone, B^-4; J. Horn's Bona Fide beat R. E.
de B. Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa, 6-^2.
Second round— St. Michael beat Nellie Bawn,
4—l; Forget beat Sally Brass, s—o; Thornhtll
beat . Chief of the Hill, 3— 2: Silent Treasure
beat Singleton, 3— 2; Auckland beat Nor" west,
3—o; 1 Risky Attempt beat Cash, 4—l;. Motto
beat Dairy Maid, 4—o; Admiral Sampson beat
Mocorlto, &— 0; Aeneas beat Silver Wings, 3—l;
Three Cheers beat' Lady Blanche. s—l; Jesse
Moore beat Sir Pasha, 4—l; Random Aim beat
Reannex, 6—o; McKlnley beat Athena, 5—3;
Wildwood beat Nellie G,'- 5—2: • Just Tip beat
Buxton, 4—3; Bona Fide beat Rowdy Boy, 6—l.
Third round— St.- Michael beat Thornhill. 4—2;
Forget beat Silent Treasure, 7— 4; Risky At
tempt beat Auckland.- 5— 3; .Motto beat Ad
miral Sampson, 3—o; Three Cheers beat Aeneas,
4—o; Random Aim beat Jesse Moore, 6—o; Mc-
Klnley beat Wildwood, 3—o; Just Tip beat Bona
Fide. 2—l. . , ? . /
Fourth round— St. Michael beat Risky At
tempt, 3—l;3 — 1; Forget beat Motto, 8—0;8 — 0; Random
Aim beat Three Cheers, 4—l; McKlnley t beat
Just: Tip, B—o.
Fifth round— St -Michael beat Round About,
D—o; McKlnley beat Forget, B— 2.
Final— McKlnley beat St. Michael, 6—o.-
TO COURSE AT UNION.
Nearly. One Hundred and Fifty Dogs
Drawn to Bun in Two Stakes. •
The drawing for the coursing events at
Union Park next Saturday ' and Sunday
took. place at Pythian Castle last even
ing. There "are 16 dogs In the champion,
stake and 128 in the reseire stake. The
prizes aggregate $1270. 'The champion
DECISION THAT
OUGHT TO HELP
RACING VASTLY
Prince Poniatowski's Filly
Ella Boland Unjustly :
Disqualified.
Race Given to corrig£n's St. Casimir,
Arousing a Storm of Indignant
Protests at Tanforan
Could Prince Poniatowski have been a
epectator at Tanforan Park yesterday the
blue blood coursing through . his veins
would have tingled with delight, as ho
taw his fast filly Ella Bo-and defeat Ed
Cerrlsaa'a sprinter St. Ca.simir. The next
moment this sciun of noijliny would have
been plunged in grief, for the winner was
disqualified for an invisible foul— an ever
lasting disgrace to the California turf. It
was a ruling that met with a perfect ava
lanche of hoots and jeer* when announced
in the ring and left a stain on the San
Mateo track that can never be effaced.
The fourth race on the programme, a
five furlong scramble for all ages, caused
all the excitement. Corngan's St. Casl
mlr, carrying Henry and ninety-seven
pounds, opened a 1 to 2 chance. Some
heavy commissions v?ent In on him until
1 to 3 was the post quotation. Ella Bo
land had Johnny L»aly wj vni 3 to 1 was
obtainable about her. Six other lesser
lights also vest into Caldwell's hands.
The etart was' a poor one, the barrier
been carried awav.andsomeindiscriminata
bumping resulted. Ella Boland, first
away, made all the running, but when op
posite the paddock, with St. Casimir at
her side, looked beaten. Henry, on the
favorite, then appeared to grow careless,
pet-ing which Daly drew his whip. The
filly he was on gamely responded, nipping
Corrlgan's sprinter out a nose In liOO'i. a
fast performance. One after another the
jockeys were called into the stand, Daly
the last_ Then, quicker than it takes time
to tell, the numbers were changed, St.
Cas'.mir being placed first and Ella Bo
land last. No wonder racing in this State,
is on the ragged edge!
Three favorites captured purses. The
attendance was not large, and from mur
muring? heard among the crowd It bids
fair to be smaller this afternoon.
On her fine showing 5n a mile run at
Oakland pome days ago with Flamora and
Flower of Gold La Borgia looked far and
away the best of the sixteen maidens In
the opening run. The ring laid 5 to 1
about her, and she won drawing away
from Red Cherry at the wire. Uterp, a
12 to 1 shot, "showed." .
The Brioso filly Intrada, from J. Xagleo
Burk's stable, opened favorite for the
two-year-old four and a half furlong
scramble. Later the betting Indicated
Rollick to be the good thing, his price
failing from 3 to i* to 5. Moon bright, a
12 to 1 chance, nearly upset things. She
1*^ almost to the wire, where Thorpe
brought Rollick up, winning by a length.
Geyser, a 1 to 2 chance, walked in ahead
of Advance Guard for the mile and a six
teenth run. Potente ran a close third.-
Old Ostler Joe warn f< j nt to the post fa
vorite for the seven furlong affair, finish
ing third on three legs. Los Medanos, at
3 to 1, made easy work of Mamie G.
Marty Bergen, with the leg up on The
Lady, backed down to 4 to 6 favoritism
for the final number, met with a world
of hard luck. In a hard drive Henry beat
him out a nose with 'Wallenstein. The
winner receded in the betting from 2 to 5
to 1.
Track Notes.
Frank Eckert. who lost a small fortune
by the declaring off of the bets on the
Torlbio race, pot in well again yesterday.
He took several big- wagers on St. Casimir
and backed Ella Jioland around the ring.
The ruling cost him just about J5000.
A turfman who styles himself "A
Player." In a query pent to this paper, asks
why Judge Burke declared bets off on the
race Toribio was beaten in and not on
the May \V race. If fraud was practiced
on both occasions, the writer continues,
why was not similar action taken In
«-arh case? (Pass the buck.— Racing Ed
itor.)
To-Day's Entries.
First race—Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purff.
922 Faenza 104' SS2 Oombermere .. 10i
W£) M. F. Tarr*>y..llsl M 6 Lily DifTKS. 100
fl€ Rio de Altar...lftTj I<l6 Lucldla in
911 Andrattus 104: ... L>ebltlck 104
FeCTd ra<-<»—Plx furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; pelting.
<«ri) Merry Boy 10X (92.") Flamora 99
K2 Jennie Reid 1"0 t-61 Olinthus 105
£25 Afa:i.;'.:a 105
Third rare—One mile; handicap.
PSS Ventoro ing IH The Fretter 103
(524) Krwin S>» ST2 Einstein 96
1)22 Anchored feS
Fourth race—One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-fiMf and upward; selling.
KW Tappan 109' S2O Wyoming 106
<526) Topmast 112 566 Edgardo gs
k>A Sardonic 104
Fifth rare—Seven furJonps; four-year-olds
and upward; Felling.
K3 Don Luis 10S! K67 Flamero 108
<M 0) tnirward 10S,(«y Rapldo log
<7«4> Alarla ir<3.(M2) Inverary II 10S
«** I)k of York n..l°S »l» True 81ue... 114
K53 Perseus 10$ <923) Afghan m
Stf Captive Ill'
Sixth race—One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward.
$77 Constellator ... SIW) Socialist in
MO Daisy F It* £27 Cromwell 109
Seventh race—Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; erlllng.
531 Royal Prize I<W| fr?s Tom Calvert. 10S
842 Senora Caesar. 108" 898 Jael 106
90S Grand Sachem.:fiB 7*6 Yule "jo 6
823 Itoeaibra IU{(M1) None Such ios
91» Honda 105 Sl9 Sister Alice 1%
MS Melkarth 10S «„ Sorrow 105
fcSS Cyril 108 7h5 St. Algnon 108
SlO Gold liaron 105:
Selections for To-Day.
First race — M. F. Tarpej-, Combertnere, Lu
cjdla. .' ,.i
Second race— Flamora, Merry Boy, Ollnthus.
Third race— The Fretter, Ventoro, Erwin.
Fourth r»ce— Topmast. Wyoming, Tappan.
Fifth rac* — Afghan, Flamero, Alarla,
Sixth race — Ccnsfllator. I>alEy F, Cromwell.
Seventh race — Royal Prize, Grand Sachem,
SlBter Alice.
(Racing Chart on Page Eleven).
;•& 4-10%
of bottled beer
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A. ,*"-¦:¦'_
Their output being the largest in the
world, is evidence that quality and
purity secures the deserved reward.
No corn is used to cheapen their
products. ' v
-Si g M also made by this association, is the greatest
+ jff*wf/?~AZ*fir/s»*o, invigorator and rejuvenator, helps the weak,
*/f I*l*l/+/ JU4&&n& the fnvalid and the convalescent.
WINTER RESORT.
PASOROBLES^as
WILL CURE RHEUMATISM,
BLOOD, . LIVER. KIDNEY- arid?, STOMACH
DISORDERS. ' Elegant hotel ' accommodations.
'¦ Famous mud bathe. Special round-trip rebate
.tickets.. Apply FRANK W. ELY. ; Agent. : 640
Market Et. ' .¦ - . . ?.. . . „, , »
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
• Via Sausalito Ferry. .
• Commencing October 1. ISirt.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MII_, VAULET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:OO. •9:30.11:00 a. m.: n-_
•»:40. 5:15. «:<X>, 8:30 D. m. • • : .. -
I EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at »:00 and 11: JO p. m. ¦ •: ¦
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. «10:00.-< *11: M a. m.: n-U.
8:15. '4:45. «:30. 9^)o p. m. . ¦ -
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. -
FROM SAN' RAFAEL TO* SAN FRANCISCO
- -WHEK • DAYS— o:«. H:SS, 7:45. »9:40 a. _;•
•1J:3O, 2:15, *a:4O. »5:15 p. m. . *-=»..
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 8:« and 10:15 p. m. -
: SUNDAYS— «:2O, •8:00. «10:00, »U:45 a. _.•
n: 40. •3:15., 4:45, ««:80 p. m. ' .¦ *
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLftT TO SAN FRANCISCa
- WEEK DAYB-5:45. ,' 6:45, <7:JS.MJ "_"¦
11:25. J:SS. 3:45. 6:10 p. m. ' ».m.,
.'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays nt 7:00 and 10: JO p. m.
- m BUNDAYS-S:O5. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 1:15, 3:80.
6:00. 6:45 p. m. = . ¦ - - -
_¦¦¦¦¦'¦"¦• THROUGH TRAINS. <*
7:00 a. m. week days— Caiadero and way stations.
«:40p.m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations
8:00 a; m. Sundays— ToniaSe. and . wajr atational
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free toAll
' ,/. Who Suffer From Any Stage V
.¦«" i* v, O f the Disease- -
Cures Cases That Hot, Springs and
All Other Treatments Failed
• V^;, , to. Even Help.
• .: There has been ; discovered by - the State
Medical Institute, .203 .Elektron. building. Fort!
Wayne, Ind-i the most remarkable Blood Poison
euro sver. heard of. It has cured : all such in-
dications |aa mucous > patches [ln •' the mouth,
'sore i throat, j 1 copper . colored , ; Bpc ts, /. chancres,
ulcerations on . the • body and in ¦¦ hundreds ¦of
cases where > the hair and "eyebrow* had 'fallen
out and-the whole skin was a mass of bolls,
pimples | and 'ulcers this wonderful speclnc has
completely changed the ' whole body , into .< a
clean, ' perfect condition of physical health.
Evury, railroad running Into Fort Wayne brings
•cores of sufferers seeking this new and marvel-
ous cure and to enable those who cannot travel
to realise what a' truly marvelous work the in-
ttltuter'is accomplishing .they will 'send free to
*v«ry sufferer I*\ free -trial ¦ treatment so that
, every, one can ¦ <aire > themselves ¦ in ; the ' privacy
¦ot 'their' own nome: This- Is* the? only known
*ure ' for Blood . Polson.T «Do ;-not : hesitate ito
write at once and the free trial will ba aent
sealtd in pla»i package. • ¦
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BROWNIE
KODAK,
A PERFECT INSTRUMENT.
SI.OO.
642 Market oT^'NSTRUHEHTs
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Coxukctwo Traij* Leaves Sam Fr anciscoi
b P.n. Monday. Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving: In Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
EXPRESS P" m - with Palace and Tourist
• H A II V cars for Kansas City, St. Lotus,
DAILY Chicago and East. \
Local trains 'between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno. Hanford, Visalia, Tnlare r>ftAT\
and Baker sue Id. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office, 623
TRISCO SOON ¦X?. l ? 5l s Ji we * I S?,?£ Mala
_ - 1531; Oakland, 1118 Broad-
B^%_Ss__u° 1 - J StreCt; SAa J ° Se ' 7 WeBt
REFEREE WELCH
DECLARES ALL
THE BETS OFF
Sudden Change in Odds
Lends Color, to Story
of a Job.
Boxer Stelzner Wins From Butler on
a Foul in the Second Round of
the Contest — Herrera
Knocks Out Boyle.
rp F any reputable resident of this city
(I entertained a doubt of the justice of
the anti-pool ordinance. Introduced by
J_[ Supervisor Tobin and now on the way
toward .adoption, he should have at
tended the exhibition of indecency, bru
tality and fraud given last night at Wood
ward's Pavilion by the National Athletic
Club. The doubter would have been con
vinced that unless he cares to see the pub
lic robbed by sharpers, see schemers fleece
one another and both gull that part of
the public guileless enough to wager their
money on a dishonest game, then he wall
give his hearty support to any measure
that will cleanse the city of an immoral
and dangerous nuisance..-
The affair last night presents all that is
best in the trade which Supervisor Tobln
seeks to suppress. The National Club is
the firm name of J. J. Groom and J. D.
Gibbs, "promoters," gamblers, sports or
anything else that suggests an increase
to their store of ready money. These gen
tlemen are not unique; they are typical of
a very large and interesting class which
now infests the city. Their star attraclioi:
last night was a contest between Jack
Stelzner, a white "gentleman" and Joe
Butler, a black "gentleman." On Tuesday
i night Butler was a very pronounced fa
; vorite and a great deal of money was
wagered on him. The vitality and very
life of the game is in the poolrooms,
where the gullible public goes to oe
plucked. Butler was the public choice be
cause under fair conditions he should have
won. So the public plunged on him as
they always do under the inspiration ot
a delusion that the game is honest.
Yesterday the gamblers made those ar
rangements which are invariably neces
sary in all of these affair?. They took
pains to assure themselves that Butler,
notwithstanding his condition and superi
ority, would lose, not win. The public
money was already staked. Part of the
game bad been played, but the gamblers
j nac' to do something more. Butler must
not only lose but he must lose in the first
live rounds, so the gamblers could steal
the public money on the first line of the
parts mutuels. it is a great game when
you know how to play it, and it would be
a liberal education for the fool patrons
of the pcolrooms to . discover how the
gamblers learned that Butler would lose,
Then came the little detail of robbing
the public by taking its money to witness
a fake contest. The National Club is a
reasonably shrewd firm itself and among
schemers It sometimes pays for one set
to cheat the other. The club by written
agreement had promised to give the fight
ers 60 per cent of the gate receipts. That
is a great deal of money for a firm of
such shrewdness as the National Club to
allow to slip through its fingers, so the
club went Into executive session with it
self and determined to cheat-the fighters
by paying them no money, to give the
gamblers the double cross by declaring
no contest and to defraud the public by
charging for a fake contest.
And that Is what happened last night.
The referee was ordered to declare all
bets off. The fighters fought for two
rounds and Butler lost on a foul, thus los
ing on the first line In the parls mutuels.
The fighters were told that they were en
titled to no money, as there was no con
test, and the public went home thor
oughly convinced that It Is a great game,
but hard to play.
Stelzner was fortunate In having the
bout end in the second round, as he was
In for a bad beating at the hands of But
ler. The latter can hit as hard and as
fast as a steam-hammer, and proceeded
to do so from the start. He landed right
or left as he pleased on head" or body.
In the first round Stelzner did not lead
once, but took a lot of punishment. After
one sharp rally. In which Butler punched
as long as he had one hand free, Stelzner
went to the floor. • • .
In the second and last round Butler
rlpp**d In blow after blow on the body,
Jabbed with his left and uppereut with
his right. Butler landed two stiff lefts on
head and body and sent Stelzner to the
floor. He was down about eight seconds, i
and no sooner was he up. than he was,
floored again. He was on one knee, with
the colored man standing over him In an
aggressive attitude, waiting for him; to
arise. Stelzner seemed afraid to stand up
and -Referee WVlch had to push Butler to
one side, Stelzner being down over ten
seconds. This went unnoticed in the ex
citement, and Just at the belj signaling
the end of the round, while Stelzner was
Btlll down. Butler rushed at i him , and
struck him. All was confusion for a mo
ment, the adherents of Stelzner claiming
a fouJ. After a moment's hesitation the
referee allowed ¦ the claim. . .
The ring was full of policemen and sec-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 15, 1900.
stake prizes axe as follows: $200, $100, two
prizes of $40, four . prizes of $20. The re
serve Btake prizes are: $100, $60, two of $40,
four of $27 50 and about fifty smaller ones.
The drawing was as follows:
Champion stake, 16 dogs— Curtis & Son's Fly
ing Fox vs. Bartels Bros.' Malady: P. Hagan's
Manila vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's White
head;. Russell, Allen & Wilson's Spiteful vs.
Pasha Kennels' Metallic: R. L. Taylor's Mose
vs. George Whitney's Theron; J. H. Perigo's
Bowie vs. Curtis & Son's Cavalier: Pasha Ken
nels' Recording Angpl- vs. E. M. Kellogg's Kid
McCoy} Curtis & Son's Narcissus ..vs. F: A. Me
.Comb's Royal Flush; P. J. ReiUy's Warship vs.
¦Curtis & Son's Luxor. . s-
] Reserve stake, 128 dogs— Curtfs & Son's'Black
ette vs.* J.'~Kennedy!s-Evershaw; J. Miller's
.'Marguerite vs. J. McEnroe's Stromboli; D. J.
•Healey's Maoriland vs. P. J. ReiUy's Grafter:
,E. Geary's Ireland vs. A." T. 'Leonard's Master
jLawrence; J. McNeM's Black Hawk ts. D. Win
ders' Randomain; J. Muller*s Rocks vs. F. C.
¦ Mack's Delia M; P., Doyle's Wild Monarch vs.
R.Strahle's Jimmy Cork; J. McEnroe's Blue
stone.vs. Maher.& Reid's, X'ncle Fuller; Aeneid
.Kennels' Aeneas vs R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's
Minnewawa; Sterl & Knowles' Ollta vs. J. P.
Thrift's Brutus: W. Cramer's- Jesse Moore vs.
Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon; Curtis & Son's
Vulcan vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal Ann: Russell,
•Allen ¦&, Wilson's Daisy Clair-vs.-A. Johnson's
•Tod Sloan ;*J. Henley's Hurricane vs. J. E. Col
lins' Red Glen; Erwin & Lyon's Silver Lion vs.
Jeff Martenet's Sllm:.Russe]l, 1 Allen &.Wllson's
Julius Caesar vs. Bartels Bros." Beer'Brewr;
T.:R. Smith's Mastef Davenport vs/ W. C. Glas
son's Sleigh Bells ;.W. Dow's- Sarcastic vs. E.
M. Kellogg's Ben's Babe;. Curtis & Son's Cash
vs. J. J. Edmunds' Morning Glory; A. L. Aus
tin's Firm Foe vs. F.A. McComb's Wait a Bit;
M. Michelik's Old Glor- 1 vs. R. E. de B. Lopez
&. Ron's Crawford Lad: J. P. Thirft's Forget vs.
Curtis & Son's Maud S; D. Winders' Risky At
tempt vs. Jeff Martenent's Bernal Boy; P. J.
Rellly's- Ploushboy .vs. ¦E. ¦ Casserley's Lady
Blanche; E. Garey's America vs. D. J. Healey's
•Jrenada; Land & Gerber"s Mount Ida. vs. A.
Johnson's Lowlander; Aeneid Kennels' Athena
vs. E. M. Kellogg's Hummer; Maher & Reid's
Singleton vs. M. H. Sheehan's Teddy Hale; R.
E. de B. Lopez & Son's Papita vs. A. L. Aus
tin's Los Angeles; M. Michelik's Curar vs. T.
J.-Cronin's Maid of Bail; W. Cairn's Imperial
vs. Pasha Kennel's May Hempstead; George
Sharman's Miss Skyrocket vs. J. R. Smith's
Lady Sears; T. J. Cronin's Thornhill vs. Land
& Gerber's Rlenzl; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's.
Green Valley Maid vs. AY. Barry's Finn McCool;
R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Wonder vs. D. J.
Healey's Maggie N: G. H. Heintz's Herschell's
Pride vs. Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Erin; N.
Dunlo's Erin vs. Curtis & Son's Shadow: P.
McCabe's Bony Boy vs. J. Kerwln's Bowery
Boy; J. Mahoney's Nellie G vs. R. Strahl's
Three Cheers: P. Horgan's Lucretla Borgia vs.
H. H. Gray's Terronette; George McDugal's
Spindle vs. Curtis & Son's Terronite; J. Kee
nan's Royal Oak vs. Curtis & Son's Echo; Rus
pell. Allen & Wilson's Miss Penman vs. Pasha
Kennels' Reannex; J. G. Patterson's Fire
Queen vs. T. J. Cronin's Rose of Tralee;- E.
Baumcister's Warrior vs. J. P. Thirft's St.
Michael; Curtis & Son's Commodore vs. Jeft
Martenet's Boxton; Erwin & Lyon's May Que«?n
vs. J. Dickson's Black B*ss; J. M. Halton's
Lavender vs. Bartels Bros.' Baron's Blood; E.
M. Kellogg's lowa Maid vs. J. M. Kelly's
Nisiht Time; George Email's Forget vs. J. J.
Edmunds' Go On; R. E. de Lopez & Son's
Diablo vs. A. Johnson's Bald Eagle; M. H.
Scheper's Lady Rose vs. Curtis & Son's Mc-
Klnley; F. A. McComb's One Spot vs. J. Hur
ley's Shy lock Boy: A. Leonard's Mayflower vs.
T. A. Gaffney-s False Flatterer: F. A. Mc-
Comb's Plr Pasha vs. Pasha Kennels' Rest As
sured; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory vs. R. E. de
B. Iy>r>ez & Son's Dairy Maid; Jeff Martenet's
Pally Brass vs. M. H. Scheper's Exile; S. Han
dy's Twin City Girl vs. R, Taylor's Rowdy Boy;
F. A. McComb's Motto vs. J. Kennedy's Wine
West: J. Murnane's Wlldwood vs. J. Hurley's
O. K. Capital; J. Hahn's Bonaflde vs. J. R,
Smith's Victor Queen; J. McEnroe's Auckland
vs. J. R. Smith's Magic.
The champion stake will be run on Sun
day only. The reserve stake 'will begin
on the arrival of the 10:13 a, m. train, from
San Francisco.
¦" J^Tk r «€ribbon _ JDlspensary,
¦ / V_fl l n IH3 "* 'or the treatment of Private
fIL_RkJHH I)!s eHacs, Lcmt ManhrH.d D^btUty or
'llaeaae rearing on h««lvAndm;ii<lftiul
VH_i' s^n Disfasps. 'lhedoctorcureswhui
|9 Mothers fall. Try him. Charge* low.
<^^HHH_«'ure>a-narnn*wd. C»llorwrit«.
Or. j. * . t,iimux, b»* i»a7. b_> VraadH»
Bfe^^i^Jf ¦*^'^<'*- i* f "^* i2r^_"3**si * ' >t *^^'"'"* J !»ii^^ws_fc *£_v
Stages connect at Santa Roaa for Mark West
Bpringrsi and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skagrgs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Sprints, Highland Sprtnjrs,
Kelseyvtlle, Carlsbad Springs. 'Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blu« L»kes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John- Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
BuckneU's, Sannedrln Heights. Hullville. Or^s
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bracx.
Westport. Usal. WlllltU. Laytonvllls. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol sen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Kureka, ¦¦ ,
Saturday to Monday round-trip* tickets at re-
duced rates." v.-t
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bldt;.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN. •
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent, f
w_ol____&Mtf Blg ull a non-poisonom
om"Qifi^Mm "Qifi^M remedy for Gonorrhoea.
1 _(®_^CDaE»Saa <- J lfet. Spermatorrhtßa,
g^£Vinlu>iiajt.^m Wbitea, unnatural di*>
Kfm& Gcannued H charges, or any ialicnima*
_3fe¥ cot to striatnr*. tion, 1 irritation or ulcera-
«JPr«Ttnt» oen»»g»on. ¦ tloD c( muc o v a uiei»
KSITHEEVAHS CHEMICHOO. br an<"-«- Son-astringeut.
IgEIciNCIHKATI.O .KJH Sk * ld by ** r ««»*»«^
W|2V tr t i >_f or ient * a Plain wrappet
_&/*3l b J express, prepaid, toi
vt___K>_ yi- 00 - ur s bottlJa, «i.7&
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
CHIGAGO,
VIA
THE RIO GRANbE
WESTERN RAILWAY
. AND CONNECTIONS.
LEAVING SAN FRANCISCO DAILT.
8:30 A. M. and «:2O p. jj.
Etlectlve- Febraary M. I90o"
Get lnformaUon of Southern Pacifio UckM
GENERAL OFFICE. U Montgomery st.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE D AMIAN A BITTERS. THE
great Mexican ¦ remedy ; I elves I health I and
strength to sexual organs - Depot. " 823 Market.
MOUNT TAMALPfUS SCENIC RfJtLWAY
W^k*n»« n F ? UnCIaCO « ZJ a vv s »"»a»to Ferry.
l£*^:::":z*>:3£?2; ¦«? ?•_ + £
' w-ll—f e^_ d ' cloBed car on all trains.
W4o^~ to. Summit and K«tarn.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect Son Franciscow
October 15, -
Week Sun- 1839. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 19:40 am 8:49 am
!:30 pm 9:30 am PetaJuma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
B:10pm 6:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm 6:13 pro
• • Fulton. . .
T:SO am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
3 V~ Lytton, .
Seyserville,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:85 pm 6:12 pra
7:3oam| IHopland andl I
I 8:00 am| Uklah. | 7:35 pm[ S:2: pm
7:80 am ; 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm . . 8:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Bcnoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
B:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sevastopol. 110:40 am 1 10:25 am
8:30 pm| 6:00 pm| | 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Send in your old belt of any other
make as HALF PAYMENT for my lat-
est improved Belt. Never use an old
style with scorching disks and a screw
which kills instead of moderating the
voltage. Get my famous McLaughlin
Belt with cushioned electrodes and
gradual regulator. This is a grand
medical remedy and gives you great
strength. It tones up the nerves and
cells and muscles with life-force. It
drives out the impurities from the blood
and cures pain. I am giving electrical
treatments free to show the curative
power of my appliances. Call and take
a trial treatment and test, my Belt, or
send for my new book, Jrecr~
DR. M.' ArMcLAUGHLIN,
702 Market St., cor. Kearny, S. F.;
Burdick Block, cor. Spring and Second
Sts., Los Angeles.
Advantages of the Jew.
The Rev. M, Bercovitz will speak Thurs
day evening, March loth, at the Hall of
Israel's Hope, 1222»-4 Howard street, on
"The Advantages of the Jew," in com
memoration of the feast of Purim.
NEW EASTMAN
To CHICAGO
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(.'MAST HIVIMON (Rroa.Hiani?c).
(Third mid TowniwiMl Stm) <
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Pric«.
Pay when well. Advice and orivate book
free, office or . mail. Hone cures. Estab-
lished 19 years. No Injurious medicine used.
Dr. Meyers & Co.
731 Market St., S. F.
Trunks, valises and dress-suit cases.
Immense assortment of best grades at
Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Market street. *
Specialists for Men
Assaulted With a Matchbox.
D. J. Hart was' arrested yesterday af
ternoon by ' Police Officer P. Sullivan and
charged at" the City Prison with assault
with a deadly weapon and malicious mis
chief. Henry Boldt, the complaining wit
ness, declares that Hart, after being re
fused free drinks in his saloon, threw a
heavy match-box at his head, narrowly
missiner. him and .breaking a large .plate
window.
COAST DIVISION (Varrovf «ani?ii).
( Fout of M.irkct .Street.)
To Reincorporate Placerville.
Prentiss Carpenter, ex-Assistant EMs
triot Attorney of Plaeerville, and Attor
ney Charles A. Swishler of the same place,
arrived in this city yesterday. ..They come
here for the purpose of conferring 1 with
Attorneys Rodgers. Paterson & Slack on
the proposition to rcincorporate the town
of Plaeerville, so that new bonds can be
issued to reimburse the citizens, who sub
scribed $34,500 to take up bonds sold some
years ago for the -purpose of effecting
municipal improvements.
BAILBOAD TBAVIX.
Elegant
Dressy Suits
for-. $20...
I make the best suits
and -charge 25 PER
CENT LESS than other
tailors. . '
All-wool Business «n CA
tults from *Um.W
Fit. v i?uaranteed. ' Sam-
ples given.
JOE POHEIM,
The Tailor,
1110-1112 Market st.
201-203 Montgomery st.
Nvrcna pacific coairAanr.
(PACirlO H*BTKM.>
rrmimß '•¦;:„ "rirriiiiw.l :«.* rrl " ?
(Main Line, Foot of Mar_t Street)
lsatb — Feom FwsßU.utT 2S, 1900. — A*am
•7:00 a Benida, Sulsnn, Elmlra, VacaTflH _._
Eum»ey antl tiacramento. ......... *7»«P
•?:OOa_.-U Expres*- 158 ' 1 * "Wows.
M Re-l Bluff. Portland.. .......... •7543f
•7s3#AJlartinez.»imllaiuou,Vallejo.Aapa,
Caltatcga ami Santa 1t05a....^^.. •«»iap
•!»j3oa The Otemml limited— Ogdon, Don-
Ter Omaha. Chicago •SilS»
¦¦!»•* San Jose. LlTermore, Htockton.
lone. Sacramento. TViceniUe.
Maryavlllr. Cbico. lt«<l Ulnff Mtl.lr
•9<3O* •Milton, Oakdale. fconora. <>rtars... 'fit 3r
•i»:«Oa Haywartls. N il«s and Way Buttons. •! 11131 1 13 *
•«s«Oa lUris, Woodland. KnJ»hts L*ndln«.
M_y«»Ulei t)ro7Ul«. v^"l ti_5 F
• OiOOi Atlantio Kxpress-Osden and East »»»*3a.
•OiOOa Martinez, Tracy. Laturop, Stockton.
McrctlandKrerao. •1««13f
•Bi»o* Port Costa. Kresno. MojaTO and J«s
An<wl**rt
• I OiOO a Tall* jo. Martinez and Way Stations **t*ir
•lIjOOv KUcs, LiTermore. Stockton. Sacra-
ra»nto, MenUota, Hanford, Vlaalla, _ ._
l'crtrr»lUo .¦•••• !J'J5»
•I«iOOx Hayw—ds. NUes and Way Stations. *•**•?'
H:O»p. Sacramento UlierStenmors I? ,2 F
•3:00p lUywanU, Niks and Way Buttons. # »i43p
•Isiior Martinet. Hail Kamoti. Vallejo. _-•_
Napa. CaTlnl<>«». HiuiU Rosa »l»tiaA
•4tOOp rtealcla, Vaca'lHe, Hacramento.
< . Woodland, Knlshts Landing,
MarjsTillf, Oro»ill» «1»:43a
MiSOrNIIes. Man .loDoaml Stockton *7i13»
•a:OO?Tho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
BikersOeM. San gna for Banta Car-
bara, Lvs AngHes. •1»»43a
oSiOOp Sutset limited— El I"aso, New Or-
leans and _L»t : * I S J I?*
*.1:SOr Stticktoa. Mercul. Fresuo •I2»15»
•r,-.;itte Kieami, liakershrlil. HauU lUilmra.
Los Angeles, Doming; i:i P— o.
- Now Orleans ami East »Si4Sa
•3>S«r H»nta Fk Kmite— Atlautlo Express
forMo]a*» Mml Ibst *•**:»?
•0:OOp Havw.-jnls. NllesaodHan .T05a...... *7i4."»*
tO;::i»r V*l!..ji MJilJf
*«:3»r Oriental Mall— Oeden, Cheyenne,
Omaha. Cttcijo »»»4aA
'CiSOr Oriental Mali— Ogden, Denver.
Omaia, Chicago. •*il»r
J7:«M>p Vallejo, Per» Costii and Way Sta-
tions J9_3»>
•Ss«sr Oregon and California Ujproaii.HaO'
tntiicuto, Marjßtille. K»<lilln(r,
, l".n tlan.l. riiitrl Horn.ii sn.l Kaat •*:!."» A.
?0-»-0-»-0-»- ©¦?-O-»-O -?¦ O-*-O-*-0-#-O-*-O-*-0-«
; ¦' -^wj— _ K __. *
4 Natural Mineral Water ?
known for centuries and +
imported q
ONLY IN BOTTLES. ?
For Disordered Stomach ?
and Indigestion. J
Its Talue has been testi- O
fled to by thousands. ?
So^olled Vichy in Sy- *9
phons T
IS NOT VICHY. ?
Get the Genuine. J
Your physician," O
will, recommend It. 4
A. YIGNXKB, DUtrifcutiag Agent °
?«»:ir, A I-Vlton. .
Boulder Crvek.SautaCruzand Way
HtaUons »3*5«»
f^il.tp Newark Center>ll>. San Jose, New
Almaden. VeltoD, Koulder Creek,
Han' i « rnz ami Principal Way fV '¦
Statloua f 10 ""* 0 *
MitSp Newark. »an Jno, Los Gatos. •*:«©*.
M l:l."»p Hnnters' Gxcnrsi:n. San Jose and
Way ,Sta:iona t7t9»T
. . CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
•r»ns Silt rmnClSCO— raat *r Mar!ut Strett (Slip 8)—
*7:15 »:0O 11.-OOa.ii. tI;C3 *2:33 {3:09
.-•«:C3 - . tSiZi. 'C:o3p.»_ . _.
ram OIIUID— Titl tf BroWw.j.— -fl:0O R.fO 10:00t.M.
|12:C3 *I:C3 t3:03- -3:03 t*:o3 . *3:03 p.m.
ft! PP n fill I I C«™« Fourth and
CAFE BQYM.Esa'-s
W• I • fa uwillbi( C , OvercoaU and
Valises checked fr»«.
t'iiio\ Ocean View, Month »*n Francisco.. jH:Hor
*?:OOa Kan Jo*o ami Way HUUons (New .
Aliuailen \Ve<lne»d»jj only) *I:30f
••»<©«* Man JiMe, "Ires I'itiot. tt.iuta Cruz.
Tactile (Iron-. I'aso Hollies, Sau
I.mM Oltiapn, Surf. Lompoc aud
rrludpnl Way Stations Mil**
>lOi4Oa BanJoao»u<t \V«y KUtinna •o>33a
»l liHoa Sau Jnso ami Way Buttons *3330r
fJ:I-»l-San Matro. Ue ( lwo<xl, Menlo Tirk.
Tolo Alto. Nan t* Clara. .San Jose.
¦ , Tres Finos. B»itU-<.'riiz. Salinas,
Monterey ami i'acillo Grove tl°:f*4
f.«:SOr Han. Joan mn. 1 Way Ktatlnns *7:3«p
fl:l"»r SauJo-wainl Principal Way Stations •»:«*
tSMtOpSiuiJososnd Principal Way Stations t'J:OO v
•Siaop Ban Jnss an.l Principal Way SUtions *«:a.iA.
•o:ar»rSaa Jose an.l Way Stations ?»:©<>*.
Hli43i» flan JoaaanJ Way Stations »7i3Op
A f or 11 ami v g. P for Afternoon.
* Daily. . f k i» y except*!. t bund*; only.
b Saturday only.
a Tnesdays and Fridays c Thursdays and Sunday*.
B_ —LBOA2) TBAVEL. -' ;•
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BT.'GOI
li_SSEB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F*rry. Foot of MarKet St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL,.
WEEK DAYS- 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; _:S3»
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:oi
and .11:30 p. m. >
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:20, 8:30,
6:00, «:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:50, »:», 11:10 a. m.; 13:45,
8:40. 5:19 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripe at
1:55 and S:3S p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. _.; 1:40. 8:40, 8:08.
6:15 j>. m
Between San Francisco and ' Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
4Last Symphony To-Day.
The fifth aiidlast : of the symphony, con-^
certs -will take place at the Grand Opera -[
house this afternoon at 3:15 o'clock, when"
Henry Holmes and his seventy, musicians
willplay Mendelssohn's Scotch symphony,
the scherzo from Tschaikowsky's. "Sym
phony Pathetique," the overture to "Man
fred and the overture to "William Tell."
Walter Damrosch will be an interested
auditor. / - . -v '^
Experiment in Street Cleaning.
As ; the result of a conference between
the Merchants' Association and members
First Come, First Served.
To-morrow (Friday) we ; wlll sell 1000
pairs ladies' fine kid shoes at 50c a pair:
1000 pairs men's vici, kid. tan or black at
$1 80. Slightly damaged In railway col
lision. /'The Standard." 3020 Market St..
between Sixth and Seventh. •
Hon. J. F. Crooker,
Sup't Buffalo, N. Y.
Public Schools.
DRESS DEPARTMENT— TRADE WINNERS.
ARRIVAL NEW SPRING FABRICS.
36-inch All-Woo! Camels-Hair Plaid. .50c a yard
48-inch French Skirting Plaids. . . . .$l.OO a yard
Cloth Skirting Plaids $1.50 a yard
OLD SPANISH CANNON
FOR CITY HALL PARK
NEXT Wednesday General Shatter will present to the city one of the old .
bronze guns from the saluting battery at Punta Gorda, just outside
of Santiago. The presentation will take place in City Hall Park,
where after It has been presented the gun will rest.
The gun. from the inscription upon it, is probably of French manu
facture. It Is beautifully carved and bears the name of the Due de. Conde.
Whether it belonged to this nobleman or to his army or whether it was
just given his name is a mystery. : It was'acommon practice a' century or
two centuries ago to name. the large guns after celebrated men, and it is prob
able that the gun to be given the city was named after the celebrated
Frenchman. The gun is about as large as a muzzle-loading 5-inch or a 21
pounder. It appears to have been made at least one hundred and fifty years
ago. How it got into the hands of Spain and then to its place in the saluting
battery, at' Santiago is not known, but it is believed It came to be part of the
Spanish armament during the time Joseph Napoleon held the throne of Spain.
The gun is one of many that were captured in Cuba, but of them all
there was nons finer. The Government was very strict in dealing out the
guns, and it so apportioned them as to allow one for each State. In courtesy
to General Shafter, who captured them, however, he was allowed to have
two for tbis State, one of which. he has already, presented to the city of Los
Angeles end the other he will present to San Francisco.
The Native Sons" organization will take a prominent part in the ceremo
nies of presentation, and the affair will be made one to be remembered. The
gun willbe properly mounted Ir. the park as a curiosity, for its days of war
are over. It was a fine gun in Us time, however, and one that has seen serv
ice in many climes. It is of the finest metal and it shows the marks of the
finest workmanship, and if it could only tell all it has seen and heard it
might add a strange and valuable chapter to the world's history.
The cannon bears the following inscription:
"Captured at Santiago de Cuba July 17. IS9S, by the Fifth Army Corps, U.
S. Army, commanded by Major General William R. Shafter, and presented
by him to the city of San Francisco, Cal.. in trust for the Native Sons of the
Golden West and accepted as a token of the valor and patriotism of the array
of the United States." . .
TEACHERS WILL
ALL BE GIVEN
FAIR HEARING
Rules Governing Charges
Are Formulated by
Superintendent.
Board of Education Receives Reports
of the Bad Condition of Several
Schools — Certificates Rec
ommended.
At the meeting of the Board of Educa
tion yesterday. Superintendent Webster
presented a set of rules which will govern
him in the investigation and preferment
of charges against teachers in the depart
ment, to the end that they may be given
a fair hearing before formal charges are
made to the board. They are as follows:
All complaints must be made in writing.
nlKned by the complainant, filed with the Su
perintendent and shall specifically state in de
tail the fact* upon which the complainant asks
that charges be made. Such complaints shall
be acrompanlod by a list of the witnesses per
sonally cognizant of the facts Ktated In the
complaint, together with their addresses and
alsj by a reference to all such documentary
evidence pertinent to said charges as may be
•within the knowledge of the complainant. No
charges against any teacher will be made by
the Superintendent upon complaints of any
party until legal evidence be presented suin
clent to warrant the dismissal of such teacher
In accordance with the provisions of the char
ter.
The Superintendent recommended a
dennite course of study for the Business
Evening School, where he finds a lack pt
uniformity In teaching. He called atten
tion to the lack of harmony between Prin
cipal Kilpatrick and some of the faculty
which he deems detrimental to its best in
terests. A number of other schools in
vestigated by the Superintendent were
found up to the standard.
Miss Ada M. Fiala petitioned to bo re
instated as vice-principal of the Wash
ington Bvening School.
Superintendent of Public Buildings Bar
nett filed a report calling attention to the
unsanitary condition of the Everett Gram
mar annex to the Marshall Primary. Mis.
Fion High. Mission Grammar and Peabody
Primary schools. In some the plumbing
ip defective and others are sadly in need
of tinting and painting.
The application of Lawrence Taafe.
principal of the Humboldt Evening High
School for a year's leave of absence was
denied This action will prevent Mr.
Taafe from accepting the position of dep
uty under Superintendent Webster. ,
t) Crosby and A. Houston were sus
pended fov four days without pay for be
ing tardy fifteen and six times respec
tively, v :
D. F. Moran was appointed assistant
census clerk at 55 per day. «¦
Miss Theresa M. Sullivan of the Adams
Cosmopolitan Echooland Miss A. S. Bald
win of the Hamilton Grammar School
were retired on an annuity. Mrs. M. E. ¦
Miel was transferred from the sewing de
partment of the Horace Mann Grammar
School to the FUbstltute list. The ftourd
of Examiners made -the following vecom
mendations: . '{}
That Miss Flora Rosenfeldt be- recommended
for a life diploma of the grammar "grader that
the following 1 ." be granted . high school certifi
cates upon diplomas of graduation from, the
Unlversitv. of California: Miss Carrie Stern,
Mlks . Rore Hchfelrlt. Miss Llllle Hohfeldt.
Edward H. Steams, A. D. d'Ancona; that a
grammar grade certificate be granted to Miss
Jennie E. Hall, a graduate of the San Fran
cisco Normal School: that the grammar grade
certificates of the following be renewed: Mrs.
I, Scott, Miss Laura >R. Culleh. Miss Mary
o'. Noon. Mlbs M. A. Day. Miss E. 8. Ma
honey, Miss H. -E. Rademaker. ¦ Miss S. A.
Folsom, Miss Charlotte Thompson. Miss Kate
F. Banning. Mim Annie M. Forbes. ''.Miss
Ernestine Cromwell: that- the primary grade
certificates of Mlrs Marie A. Irwln and Miss
N. Foley be renewed: that the special French
certificates nf Miss Alice 11. L>alande and Miss
F. Mooney be. renewed.
HEALTH BOARD
PERFORMS SOME
QUEER ANTICS
Citizens About Chinatown
Suffocated to Satisfy Pet
Hobbies.
But One Tonjj Blocks the Consul's
Movements Tending to Estab
lish Peace Ones
More.
Much indignation was expressed last
night by the residents of the territory
about Chinatown, on account of the Board
of Health's unprecedented action in burn
ing heaps of rubbish and debris on a
vacant lot fronting on Pacific street, be
tween Dupont and Stockton. During the
day yesterday dense clouds of smoke
spread over the vicinity tor blocks around,
and last night the citizens In the neigh
borhood, .having had enough "of that sort
of nonsense,. rose up in rebellion.
The excuse for tne establishment of a
sanitary reduction works in the heart of
the city given by Phelan's Health officials
is that the refuse had collected in China
town and that it had been proposed to al-'
low none of the stuff to be taken through
the' streets of the city, for fear that the
germs which brought crape on the door
of the board's menagerie might drop on
the cobblestones ana devastate some of
the barnyards about the city.
Accordingly, the scavengers, to whom
such action was a "snap," as they did not
have to enrich the coffers of the reduction
works people, carted load after load of
nlth and dumped it on the lot. The truck
they brought there would not burn in
two months, but .it smolders and emits
dense volumes of smoke, which. naturally
discommodes the entire neighborhood,
business people included. .-Besides the ac
cumulation of such a large quantity of
debris is thought to be a menace to
health. ...
¦ i.ie president of the Hop Sing ''"ing
called on the Consul yesterday and e'tate I
that the tong over which hu presmes »s
not on the war path and Is willing to set
tle the trouble wnich now exists in China
town, and In which they have 'been en
gaeed for the past three weeks. The Suey
Sings also have abandoned the use of the
gun and are 'on their knees begging for
mercy. The Wai Ting Tong has consented
to listen to peace overtures and the only
tong' remaining out of the pacific iold is
the Sin Suey Ying. The representatives
of the Consul, who visited Dong Hung,
the president, of the Yings. returned to
this city yesterday. They were unsuccess
ful in their mission, inasmuch as securing
the president's consent. to, abandon the
strugglewas concerned,' Dong Hung hav
ing said that the consent of people in this
city was necessary. .
35 JACKETS, regular value $3.50 95c each
50 JACKETS, regular value $5.00, $6 00 and
$7.50 51. 95 each
45 JACKETS, regular value $7.50, $8.50 and
$10 52.50 each
75 JACKETS, regular value $10 and $12.50 .
.53.50 each
25 TAILOR-MADE SUITS, regular value $7.50
$4.50 suit
30 TAILOR-MADE SUITS, regular value $15,
$17.50 and $20, at SIO suit
25 dozen LADIES" CALICO WRAPPERS, regu-
lar price $1.00, now 60c each
65 dozen LADIES' CALICO WRAPPERS, regu-
lar price $1.50, now SI. OO each
45 LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, regular value $1.50,
now 95c each
65 LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, regular value $3.00,
now $1.75 each
50 LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, regular value $4 00,
$5.00 and $600, now. .$2.50 each
Jackets, Suits, Capes,
Skirts and Wrappers.
ATTRACTIVE PRICES! RELIABLE GOODS!
Thanks Peruna for His Rapid Recovery
NUIII udldlllli
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, THURSDAY, MARCH 15, 1900.
EX-UNITED STATES MARSHAL MATTHEWS, OF
Hon S. S. Matthews. ex-United States Marshal of Mississippi, in a recent letter
to The Peruna Medicine Company, of Columbus, Ohio, written from Hazelnurst,
Miss., says:
"/ am happy to say that I am cured of catarrh and need no more
attention from you. It is a great satisfaction that I am able to write you
that Peruna has in my case done all that you claim, and that I will need no
more medicine."
Hon. J. ,F. Crooker
who was for years
Schools at Buffalo, in
ber 16th, writes:
"/ have been a st
Mrs. Mao* C. Fentress writes from Par-
adise. Tex., the 'ollowing: "I think T can
say that your good advice and medicine
has cured me of r- ! 1
of Buffalo. N. V.,
Superintendent or
i letter dated Octo-
ferer from ca-
tarrh six or
sevan years,
and after trying
many remedies,
was induced by
a friend to take
Peruna. There-
suits have been
highly satisfac-
tory. I take
pleasure in rec-
ommending Pc-
FOUR STEAMERS
ARE NOW HELD
IN QUARANTINE
Gaelic to Be Released To-Day
and the Three Others
To-Mcrrow.
Kosmos Liner Hathor Arrives From
Antwerp Via San Diego—Bev
enue Cutter Bear Again in
„' ' Commission.
The fleet in quarantine was increased by
the arrival nt the steamer Centennial from
Kahului yesterday. The pilot force is now
minus four of Its brightest members.
"When the quarantine is raised the men
¦who have been having an easy time will
have to do an extra "trick at the wheel."
Captain Alex Swanson came in on the
Centennial. He will probably be released
next Saturday. Captain "Pete" Ott came
In on the Charles Nelson. He will eat
his cupper at home to-night. Captain Reid
came In on the transport Duke of Fife and
he also may get ashore to-day, and Cap
tain Johnson, who came in on the Gaelic,
will land with the passengers this morn
ing. ~N
When the Duke of Fife is released phe
will go to the Presidio to discharge the
bodies she brought from Manila.
The list of dead on the transport is as
follows: John F. Albright, private. United
Millinery opening ' to-day, Friday and Satur-
day. Cantor's Leadlrur Millinery. 909 Market.' •
No Demand Was Made.
The four cases of felony embezzlement
against J. M. Blanchard.the well-known
musician, will probably be dismissed. He
was charged with procuring watches from
Vandersllee & Co. and Hammersmith &
Field, and musical Instruments, from
Mauvals .& Co. and Wise &.Co. ,-on Uie
pretense that he was- to .sell them to a
friend, but instead pawned them. ¦¦ After
the evidence was in. ex-Judge .Grahsm.
for the defendant, moved for a dismissal
of the cases on the ground that.no de
mand had been made upon Blanchard for.
the return of the articles. - ; The Judge, took
the matter under advisement till to-mor
row ¦ , ¦¦¦ •¦¦;¦;• :.¦¦¦;¦,..¦.;¦ jfc!
Honors for Cabrera.
Word has been received from the ISnvoy,
Extraordinary and - Minister
tiary of the republic of Guatemala in
Washington by Fellpa Galicla, Consul
General for Guatemala In this city, that
the honorary degree of Benemerlts has
been conferred upon President Manuel
Estrada Cabrera by the National Congress
of Guatemala. '.'Benemerits' Is a -hlgl.
honrary title conferred only for devote<l
service to the State. ¦• . : ,
TO CREATE SPECIAL
FUND FOR TELEPHONES
Auditor Wells Will Recommend That
Service Be Provided For in
Next Tax Levy.
In making up his estimate of expend
itures of the municipality for ' the next
fiscal year upon which to base the tax
levy. -Auditor Wells yesterday expressed
his intention to suggest the cre.ttion of a
special fund of $15,000 for telephone ser
vice furnished to all city officers and In
stitutions. The Auditor finds that, about
$1100 a month is spent now for telephones
and the demands are paid out of th<; ur
gent necessity lund." He believes that the
ppeclal fund will result in cheaper service
by the award of contracts. to the lowest
bidder. Mr. \V«lls thinks that many of
the telephones- used by the city arid the
employes could be dispensed with.
Brownies This Afternoon.
Palmer Cox's "delightful fairy operetta,
"The Brownies In Fairyland," will be pre
sented at the California Theater this af
ternoon and at matinee and evenlngper
formances for the rest of the week. The
cast will include 150 children, llfty of them
professionals, and the introduced ballets,
marches, songs, dances and specialties
will be many and' varied. The costumes
were designed by Palmer Cox himself and
the scenic » effects will conclude with a
gorgeous .transformation. • '•¦) :
"Have You Seen Smith?"
You'll find him every day at Zlnkand's. He
jroes there, because .It is the' most popular cafe
in the city. •
IN NEXT
FEBRUARY 18, 1900.
"Fighting Joe" Whaler and Eis Daughter,
% Annie Early Wheeler.
FRATERNITY LIFE AT BERKELEY, j
Starving in the -North— The Most Sensa-
tional Experience of the Day.
SAN FRANCISCO'S DUCK FARM.
Sons of English Noblemsn and the Part
Jney Play in the Boer War.
A PRIZE-FIGHTER WHO PREACHES.
Books of the Week, by ? Thy Latest Fashions in
B. <L Lathrop. ( Wakifig flats.
THE FAMINE IN INDIA.
Cnrions Customs of the B'gger Indiana-
In the Divorce Court.
Marie Graul has been granted a divorce
from Robert Graul on the ground of will-
New finishes In ook moldings for picture
frames and new pictures In water colors,
platinotypes. photographs and etchings.
Visitors always welcome. Sanborn. Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. • •
of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals an experiment is to
be made In the manner of cleaning tne
bituminous pavement on Market and
Kearny streets. Certain blocks are to be
thoroughly, washed fora time at the ex
pense of the association. The idea Is that
flushing will do away with the dust and
also would wash away all substances
that, uniting with the moisture on the
pavement 3 in the morning, make them
slippery and dangerous for horses.
ful neglect. Frederick Jahnholtz has sued
to annui his marriage to his wife, Ida
Jahnholtz. on the ground that defendant
was insane at the time of their marriage,
v/hlch took place October 16, 18S1. Thomas
Mahony has sued Sarah Mahony for a di
vorce, alleging Intemperance as cause of *
action. Suzle E. Hazelwood asks for a
divorce from Louis S. Hazelwood on the
ground of desertion.
States Marine corps; Charles H. Carr. pri
vate. United States- marine corps; Alfred
A. Mahoney, Company A, Ninth Infantry;
Andrew J. MoKinnon. United States
navy; B. O. Shea, United States marine
corps; Bartholomew Sullivan, sergeant.
United States marine corps; unknown
United States soldier; unknown private,
United States marine corps; August Costa,
private. Company B, Forty-first Infantry;
Louis Olunt, sergeant. Company C. Elev
enth Cavalry; Peter W. Helon. Company
D, Forty-fifth Infantry; Fred P. Collins,
Fourteenth Infantry; John Sullivan, cor
poral. Company C. Twenty-seventh Infant
ry; Westlfy Randall, Company A. Forty
eighth Infantry; Augustus Porter, Com
pany G, Forty-ninth Infantry; Louis
j Whalev, Company A, Forty-ninth Infant
ry; \ irgil J. Ferguson, Company C,
Twelfth Infantry: John McGonagle. Com
pany C. Twenty-eighth Infantry; Charles
Moore. Company E, Twenty-second In
fantry; Charles L. Hayner, Company L.
Thirty-second Infantry: Gerard Stumper,
I private. Company D. Fourteenth Infant
ry: Charles WinfielJ. Battery H. Third
Artillery; Michael Sullivan. Company M.
Ninth Infantry; George A. Pollard, United
States navy: seven unknown soldiers
from grave No. 1 in the Pasig district.
The Centennial reports leaving in port
at Kahulul the schooners Novelty and
Helen N. Kimball and the barkentine Che
halis of San Francisco and the British
ship Antelope.
The revenue cutter Bear arrived from
San Diego yesterday. While in. the south
ern port everything was taken out of her
but the engines and s-he was thoroughly
dried. She is now in splendid condition
for another cruise In the Arctic.
The Kofmos liner Hathor arrived from
Antwerp via South and Central American
ports and San Diego yesterday. The
Hathor is almost a new ship, having been
built in 1855. She is 3647 tons gross, 340.5
feet long. 44.3 feet beam and 25 feet deep.
She will take away a" !•"> »*argo she can
carry from here for Europe.
The British ship Musse.ciag, which had
such a hard time off the Horn and then
turned about and started for this port via
Good Hope, and finally had to put into
Sydney. N. S. W.. for repairs, is on her
way again. She sailed for San Francisco
from Sydney on February 25.
The naval reserve steamer Marion goes
on another cruise next Monday. -All the
crew will sleep aboard Saturday night and
a start for Mare Island will be made Sun
day at 10 a. m. A most enjoyable practice
cruise is expected.
Little Willie Hlldreth of. 2245 Mission
street had a narrow escape yesterday. He
was playing tag with some other boy« on
Mission street wharf and fell overboard.
He was rescued and taken to the Harbor
Hospital, where Dr. Baclgalupl soon had
him all right again.
John Blrkstrom. a sailor on the steamer
Newsboy, had his hip badly hurt by tht
fall of a pile of lumber. He was taken to
the Harbor Hospital as soon ias the
steamer reached port and from there was.
sent to the Marine Hospital.
• runa to any one
suffering with catarrh, as my cure is
complete."
Hon B B. Doviner. Congressman from
West Virginia, in a letter from Washing-
ton D C. to The Peruna Medicine Co..
says the following of their catarrh nni-
edv, Peruna:
•"'I Join with my colleagues in the House
of Representative? in recommending your
excellent remedy. Peruna. Asa good tonic
and also an effective cure for catarrh. '
chronic, and lam — ~~ — :
very thankful for Dr. llartman's advlc«
and medicine.**
The great multitude take this remedy
without any other advice than the direc-
tions to be found upon the bottle and in
the pamphlets. There are those who pre-
fer, however, to correspond with Dr.
Hartman during 'their sickness. To all
such he will make prompt and careful
answer without charge.
Catarrh is catarrh wherever located.
Catarrh is essentially the same every-
where. The remedy that will cure ca-
tarrh in one .situation will cure it In all
situations.
Address The Peruna Medicine Co., Co-
lumbua, Ohio, for free^book.
C CURTIN,
911 and 913 Market St.
SILK DEPARTMENT.
24-!nch All-Silk Taffetas, ali colors. . .50c a yard
Full line New Hemstitched Silks, for waists and
trimmings, in all the new colors, at SI. OO ayd
chronic catnrrh.
I have hat I no
pains in my head
since I have takf-n
Peruna. I have
been in bad_hcnlth
ever since *3'\ and
have taken a subd
many medicines
which were only
of temporary re-
lief. Peruna is die
catarrh cure. Th*
Peruna stopped
my catarrh of tho-
head so that it
did not become
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLOAK AND SUIT ANNOUNCEMENT!
A UNITED STATES MARSHAL
SPECIALS!
75 pieces 45- inch Extra Heavy All-wool English
Cheviot, in navy blue only. ..... .50c a yard
52-inch French Broadcloth, value $1.25, special
95c a yard
60-inch Clay Worsted Suitings for tai'or-made
garments, our quality, special at 51. 45 ayd
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
SHIPPERS SOON
TO HAVE AMPLE
ACCOMMODATION
Harbor Commissioners Plan
Improvements on the
Water Front.
Two Modern Piers to Be Built Where
•' Fishermen's Wharf Now Stands.
Jackson-Street Wharf to
Be Widened.
The Board of State Harbor Commis
sioners met yesterday and instructed the
Chief Engineer to prepare plans and
specifications for the construction of two
new- modern wharves, to be known as
."Filbert and. Greenwich street wharves"
respectively, .and also to 'change the car
ferry ! slii> now south of Lombard street
wharf to the north of said wharf.
, These improvements • j will cost about
J350.0U0, which, with. unpaid amounts due
on contracts already under way and
awarded, amounting to over $140,000, will
aggregate an amount approximating $300,-
Ojj for permanent Improvements on the
water front, which wnen Completed' will
set 'at rest all tear of. want ot ample ac
commodation for me. shipp.ng oi tneport.
.The li^w i-'ilbert ana GrecrtWicn street
Wharves will taKe the place now occupied
by tne old ivisnermeii's wnarf. There has
never been such acnvity in point of new
constructions of wharves and bulkheads
at different points along tne water front
curing tne history of tne commission as
at tne iirt&ent tune. ' •
Fishermen's headquarters are to be
moved to the cove between Black Point
and Section ti of the seawall, a breaK
water is to be built, ana behind .it sheds
and wharves will be constructed for the
use of tne hshermen. The contract for
building the , breaKwater was yesterday
awarded'to Gray Brothers for the sum oi
To Widen Jackson-Street Wharf.
The Commissioners also awarded the
contract for widening 'JacKtion-streec
wharf thirty feet to Darby i^aydon. &
Co.' The biu was for $<3W, and tne worK
will begin at once. The contract for the
ferry slip to be built between piers 3' and
5 was awarded to the City street Im
provement company for $2St>2. .
The iiarbor commissioners will soon
have tne handling of Vis,W) which haa
heretoiore been tied up. At the extra ses
sion of the Legislature a bill was, passed
directing the transfer of this sum from
the San Francisco depot sinking fund
to San Francisco haruor improvement
fund. The Harbor Commissioners were
desirous of. having the change made in
order to know for a certainty the amount
of money they could . count upon in
making up their estimates ior tne con
templated ¦ improvements along the city
front. State Controller E. P. Colgan and
State Treasurer Truman Reeves desired
to have some assurance that the act was
not in conflict with the constitution be
fore carrying 1 out its provisions and made
such an inquiry of the Attorney General.
Yesterday in response to this inquiry
Deputy Attorney General Sturtevant ren
dered an opinion to the effect that the act
passed uy the recent special session of the
Legislature directing, the transfer of $3t>,-
Ooj from the San Francisco depot sinking
fund to the San Francisco f harbor im
provement fund is constitutional, and
that the State Treasurer and State Con
troller should make the transfer.
Can Use the Money.
The so-called San Francisco depot act,
winch was passed in IS9I and provided tor
me issuance of State bonds to the amount
of $tjou,<M> lor the erection of the ferry tie
pot, also nrovlded for the establishment
of a sinking fund to meet the interest and
principal ot the bonds when they should
become due. The depot act furtner pro
vided that the bonds should bear date
January 1, 1593, but that no interest should
be paid for any time which might inter
vene between the date of the bonds ana
the date of the sale thereof. It is also
provided in the depot act that the State
Treasurer shall on the first day of each
and every month after the date of th«,
bonds, take from the San Francisco har
bor improvement fund $4631 and place the
same in the San Francisco depot sinking
The bonds were as a matter of fact not
sold until eighteen months after their
date, and $3t>,000 had therefore accumu
lated in the depot sinking fund before any
of the bonds were purchased. The object
of the act passed by the special session
was to transier this amount back to J.he
harbor improvement fund, whence it
came where it might be put to some use,
instead of allowing it to lie idle in tht
depot sinking fund. _ . .
The Controller and Treasurer were of
the opinion that the act of 1891 became a
part of the contract between the pur
chasers of the bonds and the State, and
that the act of the special session making
the transfer impaired the obligation oi
that contract, and was therefore in con
llict with the Federal constitution. They
were, also oh the opinion that the act was
in conflict with section 1 of article XVI of
the State constitution.
State Can Be Sued.
Mr. Sturtevant holds that the act of
IS9I was enacted so greatly In detail as to
payment of interest and principal of the
bonds because at that time the State
could not be sued, but that since that time
a statute has been passed prescribing a
simple procedure for sulnK the. State- oi>
its contracts, and that therefore even had
the bondholders acquired under the provi
sions of the act. of Ib9l any interest in the
moneys accumulated in the sinking fund,
which is extremely doubtful, the Legisla
ture has merely substituted one remedy
for another, which the Supreme Court of
the United States has declared it has the
power to do. Mr. Sturtevant further
states that ' under well settled rules- of
statutory construction the act of ¦ the.spe
cial session is not in conflict with section
1 of article XVI of the State constitution.
Attorney General Ford, in concurring In
the -conclusions reached by Mr. Sturte
vant, says:
"It'seems quite clear to me that In what
ever light you view the act of February
S 1900, its provisions must stand. , If we
view alone the face of the statutes of 1891
and 1900 we shall find no evidence of the
violation ,by the Legislature of any con
stitutional provision. In other words, we
shall find no fact with which to overthrow
the nresumption that % the Legislature
nr-ted within its constitutional authority.
On the other hand, if we go beyond the
face of the statutes and consider the facts
as we know thf-m to he. there still appears
nothing of which ether the State or the
bondholder may complain."
Mrs. Mary Frentress.
BEj I ySEsHKrKJjS^'^jM BBS* ''¦ j9 W, Bat' • tsfl
Ip» B DEPENDABLE I
i Pears d " ucs 8
| Soap I
10 Cents
To-Bay,
M Price* like these not often offered. I
H Tel»ohone orders delivered, no H
1 moil orders filled at these price*. Q
B TO-DAY ONLY. \ ¦
Ites-scap-.: 1-Hte I
g R^ulur 25c. Our usual nrlce loc.. g
I Castile Scap.green pllfajarge bar3oc |
H fsual rrice 50c .„ m i
f A Baker's Koncoras SarsapanHa. -50c H
I* Regular price 75c. R
| CmeUine for the Face ..----- 30c |
Kf Vnual price <oc. . ¦
I Ws/ Esgle Condensed |
5 Wft ¦¦ Viik..--2 cans 2sc I
» /^£» Regular 20c. Our p*iic<? H
I \WM Carter's Djspepsh |
I#l -T?bVs 30c I
H }"£*']%*<¦%/*. nebular price 40c. §8
| "€§t§ THE GwTdRUG CO. |
H cut-Hat* prug-Bists. B
5From the showing made by .the new' charter 'thns
far. it appears. to be abiut as full of holes as a sieve.
A Painter's Bad Fall.
Orville* Hose, a painter'* residing at 328
Prospect^ avenue,', Oakland,, met; with a
serious accident yesterday^ afternoon.'. He
and ¦ his .brother -we're f on ; a scaffold paint
log lav house on - Pacific ¦ avenue, % near i the
Presidio gates,. when the end on which. he
was i sitting gave .way and he : fell ; to . the
grounds a distance of thirty, feet. - He wa<
taken , to; the Receiving: Hospita l, where : it
.was found that his right arm was broken
and_hls spine Injured. •* . ' .
I RUSSIAN J
{cigarettes!
I With Mouthpiece |
S lOcentsfo^ 1O f
S Monopo! Tobacco Works . S
DOCTORS FOR MANILA.
A Scoreof Them to Be Sent West on
the Transport Meade. . ¦
> Orders regarding the sailing •. it r the
transport, Meade , issued yesterday.*
They, assign: to her three female nurses,
seventy, men of the Hospital Corps, thirty
or forty recruits and a score of surgeons.
The' medical men - assigned : to the I trans
port are: Major John D. r Davis, surgeon;
First Lieutenant Clarence' J. Manley, ' as
sistant surgeon ; | First Lieutenant -.Elmer
Dean, assistant surgeon, and the^follow-
Ine acting assistant ; surgeons: William
i Donovan, C. J. Fitzgerald. Charles Roem
.melt.. Hugh > Goodwin, Thurston^ Smith..
Henry G ~G. .Schmidt, William E. Vose,
Meyer Herman.'; Porter 'V. Ballou, George
W Ely,' George H.v, R.? Gosman, ; Henry
Menage, . Samuel Friedman. Frederick ' D.
Branch.:- John. F.Leeper... William H.
Walker and Ituf us F. Dorsey. ; The trans
port will sail on. the 17th inst. -i ¦
The; medical department is ¦ now consid
ering the feasibility of a plan to establish
a convalescent hospital at Vancouver, bar
racks, » Washington." c.There . is but - on©
company of-: the • Twenty-fourth ' Infantry
forming the garrison there, and there are
all the facilities of a hospital such as con
valescents need. One -hundred men could
be accommodated, and ' this ; would make
more : room . at the . Presidio .¦ institution. ¦
Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters, indorsed by
physicians and chemists for purity and whole-
Bomeness.
Reports that Southern California is suffering from
a lack of rain must be taken with large allowances.
Th- southern counties cover an extensive area and
have wide varieties of climate. While some sections
:rsy be suffering, others are flourishing.
Whatever differences of opinion there may be con
cerning the right or wrong of the contestants in the
Fair ccve, there is universal agreement that the
n:attcr should not be deemed settled until somebody
lir.s been purished for perjury.
Fortunately for Kentucky each of her contending
frictions peenis to be afraid of the other, and every
ti-.ne a crisis reaches the shotgun point diplomacy
st.ps in and postpones everything until another crisis
hr<s time to form. )
When McKinley said at the Ohio Society banquet
in New York, "There can be no imperialism," he
enmc very near saying the right thing, and he would
have struck it exactly had he said there shall be
r.onc.
It took the people about twelve years to settle the
t.irifF for this country, and now the little island of
Porto Rico threatens to break up the whole thing and
ftnrt the fight all over again.
There is a -.videsprcad belief that Mayor Phelan will
not feel entirely satisfied with the celebration of the
CHnese festival of the great dragon unless he be
I crmitted to ride the dragon. •
The "British arc showering a thousand compliments
t.;;on the Irish just now, but it is a safe prediction that
i? ?oon as the war is over they will return to the old
iv ay rgnin.
Bryan insists that the silver question is still wait
ing an answer in this country, -but; we note that all
the agitators and yellow organs prefer to talk of some
thing else. . • ..
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
rleoplns cars via Santa Fe route. ; Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of >¦ passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas. .City -every Sunday.
.Wednesday . and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every 'Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket offlce. S2S Market street.
1000 ca>endars published at SI, $1 50, $2
and $2 50 each placed with us to close cut
at 10. 25 and 50 cents each. -Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. • •
BLUE VELVET DRESS.
The dress represented is of royal blue
Liberty printed velvet, trimmed with rav
eled silk fringe. The lapels ' are faced
with yellow guipure over white cloth. The
apron Is of plain white cloth, and the
trimmings of the same and silk fringe.
A DUTY OF THE COURT.
O ITORNEY GENERAL FORD has asked the
/ A Supreme Court to advance the case of the
* People vs. Wells-Fargo Express Company on
the calendar so that it may be argued and decided nt
nn early day. It is not going too far to assert it to be
:hc duty of the court to grant the request. The case
i? one of urgency, for every day of delay means that
much of time given to the express company to shift
i:j>on the public the burden of taxation which Con
gress laid upon express companies in order that they
might pay their just share of the war taxes.
The people are not forgetful of the fact that when
the great corporations of the country desired a deci
sion from the Supreme Court upon the validity of the
income tax a way was found to brir.g the issue before
the court twice ere the first installment of the tax
could be collected. No difficulty was found at that
time in passing the test cases promptly from one court
to another until they reached the supreme tribunal.
Why can there not be an equal promptness in decid
ing the cases against the express company? Liks
the income tax question, it is an issue affecting na
tional revenue, and concerns the public at large.
Why. then, should not the courts act in this case as
Pile former one and, on the ground of public ex
ency, advance it on the calendar and give it a
ing and a decision in advance of cases which af
iect only one or two individuals.
That the express company should shirk its taxes is
a disgrace to the corporation, but that it is permitted
tv go on shirking taxes for years despite the repeated
arP'als of the people to the courts is a disgrace to the
;i<!mir.istration of justice. The lower courts have
time and again given judgment against the corpora
tion, but it pays no more heed to^them than it does
to the commandment given upon Sinai — "Thou shalt
not steal." The corporation claims it is waiting for
the Supreme Court to act. The people are waiting
for the same thing. Jt is said the briefs on appeal
.-•re all in and the matter is fairly at issue.' Under
such circumstances it is clearly the duty of the court
to ?rant the request of the Attorney General and ad
vance «h^ case to an immediate hearing and decision.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MARKELL— Reader. Alameda. Cal. Thl3
department is unable to furnish the til
dress of Charles Markell.
SPOKANE— S. U.. Oakland, Cal. Tho
Climate of Spokane Falls is healthy. Sec
ond-class fare by steamer from San Fran
cisco Is $S. . ______
CARROLL- McAL T LIFFE— J. E. 8.. City.
Jack Dempscy, died in 1393. Jack Me-
Aullffe beat Jimmy Carroll In ten rounds.
In twenty-nine. minutes, m San Francisco,
November 20, 1596. - ¦ ¦ ' '
s POISON TO ANIMALS— O. S., Oakland.
Cal. This correspondent asks: "If A l:as
growing grain and B allows his pigs and
fowl to go y in upon that grain, has A a
right to put out poison to kill the animals
and fowl?" An answer to this is found in
the Penal Code of this State, which is as
follows; .',' Every person who willfully ad
ministers any poi3on to any animal the
property of. another, or maliciously ex
peses any poisonous matter with the In
tent that the same shall be taken or swal
lowed by any such animal, is punishable
by Imprisonment in th,e- State prison not
exceeding three years or in the County
Jail not exceeding one year and by a fine
not exceeding $500. Though "hens" ar«
not "beasts, yet poisoning them la an
Indictable offense. A should properly
fence his land, and if B. after being noti
fied allows his- animals to enter- on th«
grounds A has his remedy at law.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Judge I. F. Posten of Selma 13 staying
at the Lick. .;
D. H. Jackson of Placervllle. ls a guest
at the Grand.' : ¦
M. J. Wright of Sacramento Is a guest
at the Grand.
' Dr. and Mrs. C. W. Dunlop of New York
are at the Palace.
Attorney J. H. Moor© of San Jose is a
guest at the Grand.
E. S. Valentine, a ' Fresno insuranca
man, is at the Lick.
George X.. Rider, a merchant of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
E. S. Smith is registered at the Palace
from Washington, D. C.
Arthur L. Levlnsky. an attorney of
Stockton, is at the Palace. .:
Colonel 'John R. Berry is registered at
the Lick from Los Angeles.
M. B/ Kerr, a wealthy mining man of
Grass .Valley. Is at the Palace.
James McCudden, a wealthy Vallejo con
tractor, is registered at the Grand.
Charles C. Derby of the New Almaden
quicksilver mines is at the Occidental.
George A. Carr, a traveler from London,
was among the arrivals last night at the
Palace.
Theodore Voorhies, vice-president of tha
Philadelphia and Reading Railroad, is in
Southern California, and will soon visit
this city. ¦--¦
D.B. Hodgson, general manager of
Huntington's Guatemala railway, is at
the Palace. Mr. Hodgson has come to thia
city to meet the president of the South
ern Pacific, who is now en route here from
New Orleans.
George Warren, for many years assist
ant manager of the Palace Hotel, has^re
tlred from that position owing to. the del
icate state of bis health, -which makes It
Imperative that he have more rest. He
will go East within a short time to perma
nently reside. Mr.- Warren's place will be
filled by Obadiah Rich, chief clerk or the
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "The Brownies in Fairyland."
Orx'heu re— Vaudeville.
Greml Opera-house — "The Girl From Parts."
Columbia— "Because She Loved Him 80."
TJvoii— "The Idol's Eye."
Alcazar— "Never Ajraln."
Alhatnbra — '"Have You Seen Smith."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
rwnlng.
Olym;i!a. corner of Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
MecfcaricF" Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
Fheman-Clay Hall— Concert Friday afternoon.
VTaatera Turf A«ociation— Uacea to-day.
THURSDAY ...MARCH 15. 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor ..
/ddress All Corr.municaticns to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
ri'BI.ICA'riOA OITICK.. Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Mnlu ISO*.
i;un ORIAI, ROOMS 217 to 221 Stcremnn St.
Telephone .Main 1574.
Delivered l»j- « nrriern. 15 Cent* Per Week.
MtiKTle Ooplen, 5 Ceutn.
Term* ••> Mall. Inrlndlne Ponlncei
IMII.V CALL <iiM-liulinc Similar), one rear. .90.00
IMII.I CALL Mnelu.liiitf Sunday). <l month*.. U.OO
"DULY CALL (including: Sunday). 3 month*. . 1..V»
;»VII.V CALL Uy Slnale' Month Csc
M\I)AV (AU, One Year J. 50
UIIKKI.V CALL. One Year I.<M»
V » I jpo* 1 11111 •» t %Tn are authorized to receive
HubNCrlptloun.
£n»tple copies will de (qrivnrded when requented
OAKLAND OFFICK ..1118 Broadway ]
C. GEORGE KHOGXKSS. !
Mnnagrer Foreign ,\<! v«-rtl*ttiE-. .Martinrtte Ilatld-
MtJB ins:, Clilcnco.
SEW YOUlv COnnESPOXDKVTI
C, C CAKLTOS Herald Square
BfEW YORK ttKPUESHVTATIVKI
I'S.HHV LUKJSXS Jit ISO Tribune DuildlnK
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Home: I*. O. \fn» Co.; Great North
ern Hotel; Fremont Houset Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YOIIK NEWS STANDS t
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Urentano, 31 Union
Square: .ilurrar Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (V. C> OFFICE. . Wellington Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH, Correspondent. \
KItANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open until 1>:3O o'clock. :t<M> Hayes, i
(tl>tn until OilUt o'clock, iillii McAllister, open ,
nntl! UiSO o'clock. 4115 l.nrkln. open until
.;»:::«» oVIm-k. 1!*41 Mioxlon, open until 1O
o'clock. -Z«tl Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until !• o'clock. lOiMt Valencia, open nntll »
o'clock IOU Eleventh, open until !? o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky.
«]h-d uutll it o'clock.
CALIFORNIA will have many exhibits of her materialities at Paris. All that lives and grows in wind
or water or on the land will be there in every state of preparation to- eat, drink, wear, look at, feel of
and listen to. It will all be officially watched and tended, and public authority will shepherd it and be
its guide, philosopher, and friend, through the trials of examination by the world's eye in that great show.
But these materialities will, after all, be subordinate to the exhibit of intellect^that is put on yiewjin the
official polyglot pamphlet, printed in ten colors and three languages by ; thY California -Commission. '',- We file
it in any competition of composition as proof that the" noble rhetoric "of understatement* is ,a, myth.';' Pity,
'tis that its pulsating periods have to be . refrigerated in such verbal cold "storage" as the English, French
and Germr.n languages. The torrid iridescence of Arabic or Persian would do it greater justice. / Confined
to the t'nree tonjrues in which it is luminously embalmed its 'opalescence .is/of the -same moonlight type
ias the sober effulgence of the glowworm, when, in more fervid garb, it Svould rival the glory-hole, of the
; furnace of a glass factory. , . .-' ¦ ... / ' , • ¦'¦-.- "
Its introduction establishes the altitude of the whole magnificent streamer of language that follows.
Please bate your breath with anything handy and read: "California, the sun-kissed State of the Anieri
i can continent, needs no herald to sing her praises, for long ere this her fame has been sounded _by golden
trumpets throughout the civilized world. Realizing, though, that the "countless multitudes in • attendance
upon the Paris' lnternational Exhibition will, attracted by her exhibits, seek* further information regarding
her resources, the California Commissioners to the Fair offer this Souvenir Album as evidence of the
glories and advantages of the treasure land of the Far West."
Then, to show how easy it is for a commission to outsing a herald and' outblow a trumpet, that official
body addresses itself to a task which it announces to be unnecessary.
Perhaps we should pause right here, impatient as we are to mine in. this Golconda of adjectives and
revel in this Ind and Ormus of superlatives, to .give that opening salvo as it appears in French: "La Cali
fornie, celui de tous les etats americaines que caresse le plus amoureusement.le soliel, n'a plusbesoin
qu on chante les louanges, car.il y a longtemps que renommee a etc repandue a son de trompe par totite
le monde civilise." : '"••' ¦ ."''.', ¦-¦-"?', "-• ••¦..
The satisfaction of putting on a language that per force has to admit the /supremacy of "California" -by
capitalizing it and demoting "American" to lower case, is dimmed by a mean advantage which the French
translator takes. of the commission in omitting the adjective "golden," descriptive of the trumpet which
has run the risk of bronchitis in spreading our fame. It is a mean French attempt to leave the matter open
to suspicion that it may have been a tin trumpet or a tawdry trombone. But, let that pass. The second
statement of our resources is romance, with a dash of the tragedy of obstetrics: "Born in romance, nur
tured amidst excitement and existing to-day as one of the most picturesque communities under, the sun,
California's career, brief as it is, forms one of the most interesting chapters of the .world's history." ' •
The jealous spirit of the French translator puts much of the light of that'under a bushel by rendering
it: "Avec ses legendaires origines." We hope the commission will consider. this when it pays the bill..
Continuing, the commission patriotically twists the tail of the British lion by calling Sir Francis Drake
an "English buccaneer." and as the French and German languages are just now anti-English, this goes in as
"boucanier" and "englischen freibeuter," respectively. This symptom of a new dreibund is worthy the at
tention of the sleuths of international politics. But we must pass on. What home-seeker can resist this
description of the resources of the State, in which the commission indulges immediately after classifying
Drake with Captain Kydd and Lafitte: "Mountains whose snowclad crests reach far into the sky, giant
trees rearing themselves aloft like mighty pillars supporting the heavens, huge forbidding rocks whose
stern rugged grandeur bespeaks-the infinite, the soft churning of a rippling stream as it courses over "its"
mountain bed, while in the distance echoes the hoarse roar of waterfalls dashing themselves to pieces upon
the rocks beneath — well indeed can awe-struck man gaze at such a scene and with the psalmist say, 'How
wondrous are the works of the Almighty!'" Well, you bet that is what awe-struck man will say, and of
the .'millions of things that have been "said with the psalmist," David, who knew a good thing at a long
distance, will admit that it takes the cake. That sentence inspired the French translator with a sense of the
fitness of things that fit, and he put it' down as "La terre dcs Dieux."
It is a pity to find a gnat in such a pot of the precious ointment of language, still we think it is weak
ened a little by merely sticking the snowclad crests fast in the sky. They should'have punched a hole dear
through it.
After several pages of this, in a style that makes hyperbole feel like the man with ¦ a hoe, and makes
metaphor feel as naked as the Greek Slave, the commission catches its. breath and remarks: "At times' a
glimpse of Paradise and then a f savagery of surrounding that strikes terror to the heart — sublime in its im
pressiveness, soul-stirring in its majesty — such is California, the fairest, most beautiful and most gifted land
eternity has ever known." The commission then observes that: "A small native oyster flourishes in countless
millions along the coast," and that "the epicure need have no fears regarding a supply of game, for it reaches
the table in endless variety. All kinds of ducks, quail, doves, larks, geese, plover, pheasant, pigeon, snipe,
deer, antelope, mountain sheep and goats, lions, panthers, grizzly and cinnamon" bears, leopards, lynxes,
wolves, wildcats and other sport-furnishing quadruped," are present to quiet the fears of the gourmet. Yes
indeed, the tasty feeder can sit down to a wildcat stew any time. We regret that the too numerous ground
squirrel and our own jackrabbit are omitted from the inventory.
After disposing of the game dinner feature, the commission passes to the health that .waits on appetite,
and, folding its napkin again, takes its pen in hand to observe: "Despite all her wooded and mineral treas
ures, her prolific soil and her unequaled commercial position, the principal claim California makes upon
the attention of the world is that of her unsurpassed climate. Ponce de Leon, in~search of the elixir of
life, might, have almost asserted the right to have found it had he journeyed as far as California's hospit
able shores, for the State is virtually one huge sanitarium, especially for those afflicted with pulmonary
troubles." : ,'.' I
This is a proper rebuke to those narrow-minded people who do not desire the presence of the narrow
chested here in great numbers. The commission gets off the key a little in saying that: "The nights are
deliciously cool, and cloudless skies prevail at all times, except during the rainy season."
Even Jove will nod sometimes, but we think the spirit and symmetry of the production should have
seen preserved by insisting that rain falls from a clear sky. Again, the commission inadvertently puts us
in the vulgar company- of other States by admitting that "the rainfall fills the creeks and rivers." That is
what the rainfall does elsewhere, and it should not act that way in "La terre dcs Dieux." - 1
Space forbids that we display the art treasures of this album. It abounds in chocolate nougat ferry
boats plying the bay: in seal-brown ladies erect in beautiful isolation on mountain peaks; "in primeval for
ests of navy blue: in yellow farmhands carrying home the harvest of red hay, and olive derricks getting
pink petroleum out of the dark blue ground. But. these things must be seen to be appreciated. To call it
all fine is a cowardly evasion of one's plain duty to declare it simply resplendent. Hotels and real es-
CITIZENS CAN
NOW REGISTER
AT CITY HALL
Republican , Voters Should
Enroll "Early in- the
. Campaign.
» ¦
Registration for the August Primary
Election-Closes July 28 — State
Central Committee May
- Advise Electors.
Thomas? J. Walsh, Registrar of Voters,
gives notice that all citizens who .have
changed their residence since the .last gen
eral or special elections are required to re
register before they can vote at the next
primary. Registration' for the primary
closes July 23, 100>). All citizens must reg
ister for the general election to be held
November 6, 1900. Registration for tho
general election closes September 26, 1900.
The registration offlce is open at the City-
Hall from 8:30 a. m. to sp. m. Clerks ara
now on duty at the Registrar's offlc* and
registration may be effected without de
lay or inconvenience.
When the Republican State Central
Committee meets to outline the prelimi
nary work of the approaching Presiden
tial campaign, no doubt measures will ba
taken to encourage the early registration
of all voters in sympathy with the alms
of the party. Citizens, however, are not
obliged to. wait until the State Comm!tteo
convenes.'- Immediate preparations should
be taken to secure a full enrollment of all
Republican voters.
Primary elections of the old style may
not be held to choose delegates to tho
State and Congressional district conven
tions, which will assemble to elect dele
gates to the National Republican conven
tion at Philadelphia. It is quite well un
derstood throughout the country that
President McKlnley will be re-nominated
by acclamation and re-elected by the larg
est vote ever cast for a Presidential can
didate. In view of this fact, there is not
likely to be much strife irv the selection of
delegates to represent California In th-s
national convention., _ - •
Word comes from Santa Clara County
that the.Republicans-of that locality are
oppesed to' the' holding; of primaries &>r .
the first convention •of the. season. Tho
objection advanced Is on the ground of ex- •
pense. It is held that Republican clubs or
committees .can appoint acceptable dele
gates and that such appointment or selec
tion will save the cost of conducting pri
mary elections in the various Assembly
districts. • ¦¦';•
Next September conventions will be held
to nominate Presidential Electors, candi
dates for Congress, the State Legislator©
and the Judiciary. Delegates to these lato
conventions must be chosen according to
the provisions of the primary election law
of this State. The primary elections for
such delegates will be held in August.
As both the Republican and Democratic
national conventions will have assemble!
and adjourned before August, the primary
election law can have no bearing on tne
election of delegates to these national
councils.
INSURANCE SCHEMES OF RAILROADS.
The Call does "not hold itself responsible for
the opinions published in this column, but
presents them for wHatever. value they may
• have as communications of general interest.
.Editor The Call:- Referring to'the com
munication of John P.- Irish In your issue
of March 9, under, the head of ."Insurance
Schemes '¦¦_¦. pt'~^ Railroads,"- which was
brought to, my attention by an employe of
the Southern Pacific , Company,' who asked
my, opinion of the.scheme and Mr.. lrish's
argument in particular/ I have also : been
asked by, a great. number of others, to all
of whom, l Tiave, replied that It is insur
ance'ln two^days,- viz.; that, it insures
Collis PPs. s Huntington" .'a return of ; . part -of
the hard-earned salaries of the employes,
and will," if kept in force, : Insure'; him the
downfall of all their labor organizations.
Further than this., it is a farce. This is
my opinion- based on an experience of a
considerable length of . time : with the
greatest life insurance, company in the
world,. viz.', the New York Life. We are
each entitled to our individual opinions.
The fact that the basis of income is the
salary ,of the member and not his age
makes it a money making scheme. Life
Insurance Us based on the age of the In
surer, not his income.- Then again, all the
present I employes (prior to. March . 1) are
taken ," without . regard -to physical condi
tion, age or medical examination. If this
scheme is legitimate life insurance, is this
fair to those who are healthy and young?
Certainly not,, as a man 60 : years of age.
in the last stages of consumption, has the
same chance as the- healthy young man
of 25, if there be a chance. / -
Mr. Irish says if they are killed in the
service of the company the. indemnity is
$3000. Very well; but < suppose his salary
Is only $35 per month," what then is his in
demnity? Only $500, and If he lives I be-
lieve twenty-six, weeks after the accident
and then dies he gets $250 only. ¦*:¦:,• u?-i
Mr. Irish refers to tbe great Pennsyl
vania Railroad as an example of the bene
fits under this' scheme. ~lt may be well to
say in this connection that the employed
of the road mentioned are the lowest pam
railroad men in this country. They are
inexperienced," cheaply provided for. ana
no employe of this road Is ; a member or
any organization, r Why? * Because_thls
same scheme -has frozen them out.-, vv nac
is. the result? The employes are screwed
down to the last notch and really have no
privileges of any kind.
Why. if the idea is a good one, are the
new employes compelled to join tnis ae
partment? Simply this: To compel a re
turn of a part of their wages r.nd later on.
when every employe is a member, to ir.c.x .¦
new regulations whereby the memwu
will not be allowed membership in r.a>
labor; organization. The executive com
mittee, I believe, -has power to enact new
rules, etc.. and can if It desires legislate
the members off their feet!
Now as to cost. We will assume for the
sake of argument that the insured^ is 30
years of age and gets a salary of $..-> pei
month. The cost is $3 60 per month in this
relief department.- or $43 20 per year. J\ c
will have to, figure on the supposition that
he will die on duty in order to make any
comparison with the life insurance con
tract. What does he get? Viz., $100 p.
And if he takes the natural death benefit
he has to pay • extra for it. If he quits
paying through discharge he loses his
chances for benefits and all he has paid
in. He cannot assign some or borrow on
it. and he binds himself not to sue the
company if injured; but this will not stick
"what does it cost in the New York Life?
Twenty-four^ dollars "and thirty-eight
cents. What does he get? One thousand
dollars and his share of the profits in cash,
which are estimated to be $235.
From all of this we must draw the fol
lowing conclusion:
> ,The 1 promise, of ..the "fruit crop, this year is -simply
immense,'- and; - what *is more, ' the promise -is : almost
safe enough to bank on. 1
For the Grand Parlor.
San Francisco Parlor No. 49, Native
Sons of the Golden West, has elected
Thomas E. Hearty. J. H. Nelson and Ed
ward Rittore as delegates to the Grand
Parlor, and Frank Marl ni. David Capurro
and M. Collier as alternates.
- Mesheck— You must come up to my
place some evening and try one. of my
cisars.
1 Yawner— Thanks, but I don't smoke.
1 "Well, come up on-Thursday and have
a Rlasa of wine with me."-
••Thanks. I never drink."
"Himmel! Then come up and see ma
every evening." .
ESTATES OF THE DEAD
NOW BEING PROBATED
Wills of David N. Walter, Emily F.
\ Currier and Celia Hagan
' Filed. '=;
The will of David N. Walter, who died
March 3, leaving an estate valued at over
$500 000, was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent devises to his widow. Hannah
Walter, all insurance policies on his life,
a lot on the northeast corner of .Van Ness
avenue and Sacramento streets, all of the
furnishings of their home and one-half of
the residue of the estate. -The residue Ja
devised in trust to Isaac N. Walter and
Clarence R. Walter to Invest for the^use
and benefit of Adele, : Clarence R ; , Rosa
and Herbert D. Walter, decedent's chil
dl Tbe will of Emily F. Currier, who died
February 23, was also filed. Decedent be
queaths an estate valued at J15.000 in equal
shares to Christopher Spurrier her hus
t>ard and Louise W. - Tyler and Letitia
C. Hehdry. daughters .' ¦."-''
The will of Celia Hasan, who died re
cently, bequeaths an estate exceeding 510.
000 In value in equar shares .to Louls_Ha
ean Charlotte Kaufman. Carrie Roth
child Daniel and Martin Hagan.
Teachers and Merchants Agree.
The litigation between the merchant
creditors of the School Department and
the teachers will be finally settled within
a day or two. and the money held by the
Union Trust Company will be proportion
ally distributed without further delay.
About thirty-two teachers and sixteen
janitors have not yet signed .a release,
but as their Interests amount to but a few
hundred dollars ' bonds will be furnished
the Union Trust Company to protect it in
consequence of . the neglect or ¦ refusal of
teachers to. sign the release. The' teach
ers have received 61 per cent of their No
vember salaries and will receive about
$15,000, or 12 per cent, more In a few days
The. delay in the distribution of -these
funds has been caused by the indifference
of certain teachers, who . persisted in re
fusing to sign a release to the Union
Trust Company. These teachers are now
being . subpenaed to appear In court and
testify In the case of Thomas , vs. The
Board of Education. ;',
An East Indian prince, on Ms first visit
to this country, suffered so continuously
from cold that he contracted pneumonia
and died. .
He was cremated, and, after being somo
ten minutes In the crematory, an attend-
ant opened a small slide in the sidg of tha
furnace to note the result. Tha prince
was sitting bolt upright on the slab and
shouted: "Shut that door!" . >
Cal. glace fruit 50c 'per Ib at Tbwnsend'a.*
Special Information supplied dally t»
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. -Telephone Main 1042. •
MINING INTERESTS IN THE SOUTH.
rROM a letter addressed by Congressman de
Vries to W. C. Ralston, president of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association, it appears there are
certain elements at work at Washington to eliminate
the southern counties of California from the operation
of the minc'ral lands bill. As was to have been ex
pected, the information has aroused the miners of
that section of the State, and earnest steps have been
taken to protect their rights.
At a special meeting of the Southern California
branch of the Miners' Association a number of reso
lutions were adopted setting forth the reasons why the
mineral lands bill should be made to appb» to the
south as well as to other sections of the State, and
Representative Waters of the Seventh District has
been urged to present them and support them in
Congress. '
The resolutions declare that the mineral products
of the southern portion of California, including gold,
silver, oil, asphaltum, etc., amounted in 1898 to a
value of $6,594,969, while that for 1899 was about
$£,561,542; that it is the sense of the meeting that
the entire State should be included in the mineral
lands bill, and that an emphatic protest be made
against the proposed elimination of the southern
counties from its operation.
One of the effects of the resolutions will be that of
giving a wider publicity to the rapid development
made in the, mineral resources of the southern coun
ties in the last few years. A comparative statement
of the output of the mines of the whole common
wealth makes a very good showing for the south.
Thus in the letter addressed to Mr. Waters and ac
companying the' resolutions forwarded to him the
committee declares: "It is safe, to say that the State
produced minerals in 1899 to the value of nearly $30,
006,000, out of which is taken the production ; 'of
Southern California. There will remain about $21,
500,000 for the balance of the State. Of the fifty-two
mineral producing counties of the State a ratio for
the southern counties already mentioned is far above
the average,' which for the same number of counties,
taking into consideration the whole State, is about
$4,630,000; that is. the average for each county of
the whole State is $578,865. while the average of each
of the counties of the southern group is approxi
mately $1,062,500."
The is?ue is one of no little importance, and it is to
be hoped the presentation to Congress of the facts set
forth by the miners of the south will have the effect
of defeating the scheme of the opposition. Tlie min
eral resources of the southern, counties are • as ;yet
hardly understood fully, even by the residents of ."* the
section. Every facility^ should be afforded b/ the
Government for their development,- but at present
serious obstacles stand in the way. Thus the.com
mittee says: "We have not been able to get;at^the
records showing the. contests (where mineral -lands
were involved— in, fact, there seems; to be no classi-.
Ned record of those cases— but, if our memory
serves us right, there have been "a great rhany.'^pro
tcsts filed against the application for. patents to: land
said to be agricultural which was in reality mineral,
and in every case the miner has been obliged to ? fight
the case with. his own resources."' ... '. -',
THE DOOM OF A NUISANCE.
HARDLY any 'feature of the time more clearly
marks the development of artistic taste in this
country and the growing spirit of public irn
luovement than the widespread opposition, manifest,
in all progressive communities against the long es
tablished nuisance of bill board advertising. That
form of defacement of city property and \ rural land
scopes is evidently doomed in the more enlightened
portions of the country, and in all probability it will
ere long be abolished or greatly restricted every
where. -
Even in Chicago, where the commercial and , in-"
dustrial enterprise of the peopled inclines them to look
with favor on anything and everything that tends to
advertise business and promote its activity, there has
arisen; a. strong popular sentiment against any further
toleration of this particular kind of advertising. Vine'
shrewd, business sense of the leading men of the city
has learned that bill board advertising works the
wrong way; that is to say, it advertises the lack of
taste and lack of public spirit in the community much
more than it does business. In other words, the de
facement of the streets by. staring and often vulgar
signs injures the repute of the city to a great degree
without materially, benefiting the men who are fool
ish enough to trust to that method of making their
business known.
As. a result of this newly awakened sentiment there
!ias been started' in Chicago a. movement which, will
in all probability soon place 'the city on an equality
with the best administered cities in the world, so far
as the protection of the streets from the bill board
nuisanceand fence and wall advertising is concerned.
The evil in that city. has been- increasing- for a long
time and has now become well: nigh intolerable. It
has been carried to such an extent that a serious in
jury is done to the property rights of citizens by die
extent to which some men "permit . their walls and
fences to be defaced for the sake of the private <?a in.
Commenting upon the injury done to the commun
ity and to. private property in some cases by. the
proximity' of unsightly bill boards, which in- many
instances eye.n shut out light and air from adjoining
houses, the .Chicago Chronicle says: "It is hardly
necessary to, speak of the impossibility of making
Chicago a . metropolis of artistic exterior embellish
ments so -long- ay these insufferable excrescences are
allowed on public thoroughfares. There should be
.rigid municipal enactment against the alleged ¦ free
dom; of a property-owner to barter the; rights of his
neighbors for < private, gain. , No ' public-spirited citi
zer will tolerate; a nuisance ion his own premises, and
those who lack public spirit":should-beYmiadefamen
ablt -to the law. 'The 'bill board is 'a,sur
vival of theVcrudest and 'most inartistic} methods of
new and undeveloped communities.'. It has . no place
in a community that makes pretensions to 'metropoli
tan proportions.". : /.¦.'•"¦'.•. • ¦.'-".' jHjfflJHg
•Such is the attitude which the more progressive
cities; of the East have now taken toward the bill
board nuisance, and in self-defense fSaS' Francisco will
have _i to follow the example. even inChicaßo
has the nuisance' beea: carried tcTa" greater extent than
here) and it is high time' to put anVehd to it.'
AUCTION SALES.
Aucti'-n— This Jay. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at 2170 Market st.
Thus the advantage Is shown and the
money making proposition of the South
ern Pacific compared to legitimate life
insurance. Some- have said that II this
can be argued In favor of the New York
Life It is a poor rule that won't work both
ways. Very true, but the relief scheme
has really not a single feature, on which
to base an argument. Yours, etc.,
CLYDE P. McLEOD, Sulsun, Cal.
San Francisco, March 13, 1900.
THE FINEST WRITING.
THE; SAN PRANmSCO OAIX, THURSDAY, MARCH 15 y 1900.
6
CONDITIONS AS TO-
NEW YORK
LIFE.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RELIEF 1
DEPARTMENT.
Residence and travel ;..'... No conditions ...Must be killed in the service.
Occupation- |No c0nditi0n5;..!...'...:......... Must be killed. in the service.
Suicide, dueling, violation 'of
law No conditions Must be killed in the. service.
Military service. No conditions.. Must be killed in the 1 service.
Non-forfeiture conditions aftertOne ' premium paid — Insurance Is void If not paid for reeularly
specified ¦ number, of pre-| extended for period shown and In advance. No extended
mtums have been paid in policy' or paid-up policy insurance or paid-up policy
. . • ' given feature.
Grace In payment of- pre- One month's grace — In case of
mlums death during month of
tfrace policy paid In full.
' le*s the premium and in-
terest No *race.
Loans on p01icy........... If:policy is two years in force
amount (about 90 per cent)
, shown In - policy will be
loaned at 5 per cent per
¦ annum No loans.
CONDITIONS AS TO-
NEW YORK
LIFE.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RELIEF 1
DEPARTMENT.
Residence and travel ;..'... No conditions ...Must be killed in the service.
Occupation- |No c0nditi0n5;..!...'...:......... Must be killed. in the service.
Suicide, dueling, violation 'of
law No conditions Must be killed in the. service.
Military service. No conditions.. Must be killed in the 1 service.
Non-forfeiture conditions aftertOne ' premium paid — Insurance Is void If not paid for reeularly
specified ¦ number, of pre-| extended for period shown and In advance. No extended
mtums have been paid in policy' or paid-up policy insurance or paid-up policy
. . • ' given feature.
Grace In payment of- pre- One month's grace — In case of
mlums death during month of
tfrace policy paid In full.
' le*s the premium and in-
terest No *race.
Loans on p01icy........... If:policy is two years in force
amount (about 90 per cent)
, shown In - policy will be
loaned at 5 per cent per
¦ annum No loans.MECHANICS' PAVILION.
LAST 4 DAYS. LAST <\X>AYS.
NORMS & HOWE'S BIG TRAINED
ANIMAL SHOWS.
AN UNr-RECEDENTED SUCCESS.
Thousands D>Ugbted at Rvery Performance.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:30.
TO-NIGHT AT S.li.
LAST PERFORMANCES SUNDAY. "¦
300-PERFORMING ANIMALS-300
BRING THE CHILDREN.
LAST * DAYS. . LAST 4 DAYS.
PRICES— ADULTS. 25c; CHILDREN, 10c
COURT NOTES.
The action instituted by Attorneys
Schooler & Simpson against Mrs. Emma
Sterrett to recover $1000 fof service ren
dered on behalf of the defendant during
the presentation of her claim against the
estate of the late Gustav Walter went to
trial before Judge Bahrs and a jury yes
terday." -y:,'~_ : :
Judgment for the defendant has been
entered in the case of N. B. Malville
against Ernest Lang, brought to recover
$5000 damages for malicious prosecution.
The defendant caused the arrest of the
plaintiff! on a charge of disturbing the
peace and Malville sued to recover on the
ground that his arrest was actuated by
malice. The Jury found otherwise, how
ever. . • .
John Maher has sued Henry Wilson and
Abram B. Johnson to recover $10,000 dam
ages for malicious prosep utlon. Plaintiff
alleges that the defendants caused his ar
rest without probable cause.
MR. and MRS. SYDNEY DREW,
In the Amoelnir One-act Comedy, "LOVE
WILL FIND A WAY."
HOWARD THURSTON: FLATOW and DUNN.
SMEDLEY SKETCH CLUB.
.HAPPY FANNY FIELDS.
IMPERIAL MOORISH ACROBATS.
ANNA WHITNEY: NEWHOUSK and WARD;
THE FRANKS TRIO.
Reserved seat?. 25c: balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. 50c: matinees Wednesday, Sat-
urday and Sunday.
SPECIAL FEATURES FOR CHILDREN SAT-
AJUJSEHEHTS.
— LAST NIGHTS...,
Of Rice's Laughable Musical Comedy,
THE GIRL
FROM PARIS
NEXT WEEK— "THE GRAND DUCHESS."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
PHONE MAIX 522.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra Saturday
Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
; ADVEBTISEIffENTS.v.^I :K;-^-!: ; --^
-Qtiick— Safe— Stttz-
Ut* IVIIICS A'Wit'PBJSl 1 ills
Core all kinds of Pains aad Aches.
-
BENJ. P. BARKER, Livermop:, Calif. ANTON QUICK, Son Luis Oblspo; Calif.
a 1a 1 i!"* V f U>>< * d v^il Ml!es> Anti-Pain Pills for nervous and nick "I icet so little open r.lr exercise that I suffer greatly 'from, neu-'
k k i,' l^™ l *'"ff«!red *ince Iru a boy. I consider them ralgla and severe headache, and I have never found anything, to
tb# bm headache remedy in the world; In fact, they are the only relieve me equal to Dr. Miles' Ahtt-Pain Pills. They relieve so
mm* 1 ever found that would ward off or relieve at once." quickly and leave no Injurious effects after using. My wife is de-
ur>o , -._ lighted with them, and always keeps them in the house." . •
MRS. A. A. BTOWE. San Jose. Calif.
"While travellnr and sl K ht-se*lrg. our party of three each end all J H - "AYDON, Santa Maria, Calif.
ut»ed Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln FUls with moet gratifying results. By "I have used Dr. Mllee' Antl-Paln Pills for sick headache, and
taking one before starting out. and sometimes one in mid-afternoon, find them a most excellent remedy. I used to lie awake many nights'
we were enabled to pat In the lonceot and most arduous days of and lose many days' time from headache, stomach trouble and ner-
sigbt-seelng without any unpleasant effects." - vousness. but since I have been taklnr the Antl-Paln Pills the at-
.. _ ".JTiv' tacks are not nearly bo frequent, and one Pill always drives them
MRS. W. F. MILES, Vallejo, Calif. away."
"I had each terrible throbbing and beating pains in my head U » B. BAKER, San JactntO. Ca'if.
and I wa* so nervous that I could not reet or sleep. Hearing of "I have used several boxes of Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills, and I
Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills, my husband bought me a box, and the find they promptly relieve ordinary and neuralgic headaches. They
first dose rave relief. I always have them in the bouse and give have also given similar relief to my wife, and she never allows hex>>
many away to my friends." self to be without them."
The Great Headache Cttfe
a remedy that never fails to relieve Headache, Backache, Stomachache, Neuralgia*
Sciatica, Rheumatism, Nervousness, Irritability, Sleeplessness or the Blues.
25 Doses. 25 Cents. At attDrcggists.
[All ¥~ £T* Completely eradicated with-
l> lß f- out cuttinc or tjln*. No
I ILi il cur*, no oar.' For Informa-
tion address S. F. RKCTA-U
. _ INSTITUTE. UTO Market. .
New Police Rules Adopted.
' The Police Commissioners held a ; two
hour session ¦ yesterday afternoon and lis
tened to arguments in. the Nymphla Hotel
case, 7 and | finally., postponed I further I hear
ing for one week. -The new rules recently
drafted for the department I were ; adopted
and i copies of '. . the : same ¦ were * ordered
grven -to ¦ all > members ; of j the force,* with
instructions | to I study; them carefully.^ Of
ficers will be examined in the near future
regarding?, their 'understanding of ¦ the
rules. - -.-ymKOeBBf. ' ' '
Anyvo Theatrical Cold Cream,- Makeup
and Rouge. Gras. -'-Sold by, all druggists. •?
JtJ,A«irou» Diteatf • Failing Mem-
orj, Sleepleunaw, eto., canaed <)j over-
work and Indiscretions. - They qvirkiyf
a«<; rtrrely restore Lort Vitality in old
or jaang. and fit a man fcr etndj, bosi-
ness or pleasure. Pro Tent Intanicran-1
Ooniismption It takes In time. Their
o»e suowi immediate improvement and effect a CURE
•rhere ell others fail. Insist upon haunt; tho cenoine
AJax Tablets. They have enred thoawnds and wilt
ear* jou. We ctve a positive written snarantee to of ¦
feet score in eitch case or refund the moner. Price
fJH fif* Per packaca, or six packages (fall treat.
OU C lOi oeut) for 82.60 bj mail, ia plain wrcpi^r
upon receipt ofprice. Cirouisrsfree. . ¦
AJAX REMEDY CO., 79 cS££^
For sale In 8. F." by Leipnitz &'Co., Nc Per-
centaye Drue Co., Owl -Drue Co., 3. F., Oakl'd.
CICERO.
mated by other great names In literature
besides the two greatest ones. But these
need not be. mentioned here. There is one
writr cf the age,' however, who ¦ merits
special -mention. Lucretius (B. C. 95-52),
the author. of "De Rerum Natura" ("On
the Nature. of Things"); was a poet whose
genius w,as so remarkable that it lacked
adequate I recognition almost down I to our
own -day. Only with the advance in sci
ence and the explanation of the causes of
natural processes ; which the- nineteenth
.century has witnessed, has the far-reach
ing scope of the great. poem of . Lucretius,
written nearly twenty centuries ago. been
fully understood.- "In* lts own day it was
but little understood, and. Indeed, but lit
tle known.' '¦'¦¦.:.-" -'.-•"¦ --•
¦ Caesar achieved the unification and con
solidation of the .Roman world. He re
duced chaos to' order, faction and interne
cine contention to T cohesion and strength.
He paid the price of his achievements with
his life. After, his ; assassination :(8.. c.
44) faction and contention raised head once
more and < chaos again ruled everywhere.
But only for a short time.- Caesar's work
had v been « too well - > done . and .. Caesar's
grand-nephew • , and •" heir. Octavianus,
known to fame as Augustus . (B. C. 63- A.
D. ID. perfected and made oermanent the
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL,
FOR NOME DIRECT:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO ................................ .>.B. ¦S. VPORTXAND" . .ApriI 3ft, I 9»
FROM SEATTLE ................•....:............. ............a. 8. "DORA" ..April 30. «0»
. OM SAN FRANCISCO ..-. ...„>..... ......8. g. "RA1N1ER"... .....May W. 1M» '".
¦- •;¦•'" ; '..,;.' . '* '•' ¦¦-¦¦¦¦---¦•.- . - ¦.¦. ¦ ¦• .'.;-:; ~v; ¦ \ ¦-¦-'¦'¦ \.
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
KEOMbAK FRANCISCO ............... ;..S. S. "ST. PAUL." MaVmh
A Steamer Wii! Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sitka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
;V; Kodlak and All Intermediate Points: :
FROM 5EATTLE................. ............... -.^.8.' B. "BERTHA." commencta* April *tk
AMD MONTHLY THEREAFTER.
For new folders, map* and fnrtlwr particular* m to frel«ht and passage, apply to Al*AB>
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANT, Il« Eanaom* street. Bun Francisco. Cal. ¦
' - For Seattle aallings appljr to CAPT. J AS. CARROLL. Mutual Life Bulldlnc, Seattle, Wmo>
SAILORS MUST HAVE
SURGICAL TREATMENT
United States IMstrict Judge de Haven
Awards One Thousand Dollars
- /; for. a Broken I*eg.
United States" District Judge de Haven
yesterday gave judgment in favor of
Frank Olsen against the schooner v Uranus
for $1000 damages. The: effect of., the de
dsion ? will be! to , compel masters of ves
sels not having a surgeon on board to put
into a near-by port wnen any one receives
an injury necessitating immediate surgi
cal attention. ' ..¦¦-- .-'.'. . •
Olsen sued • the owners of the schooner
Uranus tor damages for injuries sustained
by > him while a . member of the crew.
When the schooner- was about live hun
dred miles from Port Townsend the boom
broke and a piece of it struck Olsen and
fractured , his - leg in two , places, r Olsen
aeked the captain to put into Port Town
send sso ; that- he : might receive surgical
treatment, fcut • the captain refused to *do
bo and earned ; Olsen on the vessel into
Alaskan. waters. -*.:; - -^ _' •
The decision holds that the captain was
not responsible for the accident, but that
It was- his, duty to accede to Olsen's re
quest and land him at . the nearest : port
where ¦<- the services of '. a-¦ surgeon . could
be had. '.".';. '/. ''¦'/'.
Keystone's Anniversary.
This evening Keystone Lodge- of the
Knights of Honor will celebrate the twen
tieth anniversary of its institution by an
entertainment and ball in the south hall
of the Alcazar building.
Grand spring: opening to-day and following
days. Mrs.- S. Thomas. 114 Grant aye. '. •.;
A Presentation.
Court San I , Francfs-eo of the Foresters of
America gave a social. last night in , the
social hall of the Alcazar building. Dur
ing the evening Ben Levy was called to
the platform and- presented on behalf of
the court with a beautiful gold emblem
atic badge In recognition of past services
and for having through his individual ef
forts brought into the court the greatest
number of strangers for initiation. After
that, under the direction of M. Pander, F.
E. Severence. B. Levy. I. P. Bevan and
William Vuhllnger. the social committee,
there was dancing until midnight.
Wedding invitations, visiting cards.
Koh-i-noor pencils and Waterman foun-
tain pens are our'great specialties in sta-
tionery department. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. : • •
great consolidation which Caesar haa
planned and Inaugurated. With the order
and peace which Augustus" established
men's minds had opportunity to develop
along the lines of. their natural bents.
Literature blossomed out once more into
beauty and strength and the glory, of let
ters in his reign was such that hU name,
as applied to a literary epoch, has ever
since been regarded a synonym for trans
cendent excellence. The Augustan age of
literature in Rome was. In good reality,
a "golden age."
¦ And yet tnat age derived its principal
luster from only two great names. Both
of these were poets. So that while the
Ciceronian age was an age of prose (for
Lucretius, It. will be remembered, was but
little known In his day. The Augustan age
was an age of poetry. The one epoch rep
resented. Indeed, the culmination of prose
literature among the Romans; the other
the culmination of poetry.
Virgil (B. C. 70-19) ranks as one of the
worla's greatest- poets. For many centu
ries he was named with Homer, which, of
course, was to place him in the highest
rank of all. Then a reaction set In and he
was looked upon for a time as somewhat
thin and artificial. Of late years a truer
criticism has placed him back in a posi
tion corresponding closely "to his earlier
one. While not the equal of Homer in
force,. In rapidity of movement, in pic- .
turesqueness or vital interest, Virgil yet
possessed qualities which Homer did not
have and which no other poet showed till
comparatively modern ages were reached.
For with all his brilliancy of objective
description Virgil also was a subjective
poet. He brooded over the prtthos.of life,
"the tears of things," ! to use his own
phrase. His heart went out in pity for
the distresses which fate imposes on hu
manity,. Whereas Homer is as uncon
cerned with the destinies of human be
ings, except to portray them accurately,
as any pagan god upon Olympus.
Virgil is read to-day mostly for hi 3
"Aeneid,"an epic poem,- describing chiefly
the fall of Troy, taking up- the story
where Homer left It In the "Iliad." bui
dwelling chiefly upon the exploits and ad
ventures of Aeneas, a Trojan hero who
after the fall of Troy came to Italy and
became the reputed progenitor of tb*»
Roman people. But the "Aeneld" was a
posthumous publication. On his deathbed
Virgil made his last desire that the
manuscript of his poem should be de
stroyed, for though he had been at work
upon It eleven years he Judged that three
years more were necessary to perfect It.
This wish was not carried out only be
cause of the express command of Augus
tus. The publication of the poem was
effected immediately, and so much ap
proved was it by the Roman people that
scarcely a century had elapsed before
Virgil's tomb became, as it were, the
shrine of a god.
Virgil was a poet for all time. Horace
(B. C. 65-8) also was a poet for all 4lme.
and yet he was distinctively and emphat
ically a poet of the age he belonged to.
Tho "Odes" of Horace derived their .ori
gin, their being, their very soul and es
sence from the life of the times they de
picted. Horace is the singular exampie
of a ptfet who Is really not a great poet,
becoming by his art, the infinite felicity
of his art, greater— that is to say. cqore
widely read, more enduringly renowned —
than the very greatest of poets. For with
out doubt Horace has been more widely
and more continuously read, more widely
v and more frequently quoted, than any
other poet who ever lived. He owes this
marvelous popularity— a popularity ex
tending through every age and through
out every civilized country — not to power
of thought or of suggestion or of Inspira
tion, but to an' inimitable aptness of ex
pression which . gives to even mediocre
ideas such lodgment in the memory that
once they are there they are never dis
placed.
There was a time not so very long ago
when to know one's Horace was the shlb
bQleth of culture. Readers of Bulwer's
novels will remember how continually
Horace is quoted by him and by MS char
acters. If men of polite society met any
where their discourse with one another,
their jests, their repartees were sure to
be flavored by Horatfan allusions and
oftentimes, indeed, by direct Horatian
quotations.
That tfrne Is past. The great expansion
of knowledge In these later days has made
the. leisurely study of classic literature,
once the rule, once, indeed. Imperative on
all who aspired to culture, quite Impos
sible. To-day even the professed classical
scholar scarcely knows his Horace as well
as forty years ago the well-trained school
boy knew It. - -
Some idea of most classical authors can
be obtained from translations. Homer, es
pecially the "Odyssey." has been well ren
dered Into English. So. too. has , Virgil,
but with less success. Virgil's art Is too
personal, too characteristic of his own In
dividuality to be adequately transferred
by another mind into another language.
But of all classic authors none Is so im
possible to translate as Horace. His apt
ness of phrase, his crystal-cut deftness
of metrical construction, in a translator's
hands vanish- entirely. The result is prose
—bare, commonplace prose. - Even Bul
wer-Lytton, with all his abounding love
of Horace, with all his wealth of classical
scholarship and skill in English versifica
tion, made nothing of his attempt. To en
joy Horace at all one must do so In the
original. '
Besides Virgil and Horace there were
other ornaments of literature In the
Augustan age. but none, of course, who
approached these two. Ovid (B. C. 43-A.
D. 6.) a younger member of the Augustan
group, was a more typical representative
of the ideas and manners of the Augustan
age than even Horace. But Ovid, though
a poet of exquisite felicity of expression
and almost unequaled narrative power,
does not rank and never has ranked with
his older contemporaries. -
Another great name of the Augrustan
age was Llvy. IJvy (B. C.59-A. D. 17)
was not. a poet. He was a prose writer
and one of the first rank. He was a his
torian—up to his time the greatest of
Latin historians. Llvy 'was not ' critical.
He was not exact or painstaking. But he
narrated history dramatically and gave
to the world pictures of men and manners
which, if not true to actual fact. are. like
Shakespeare's -dramatic histories, accept
ed by the world as truer in their general
1 correctness of portraiture than the narra
tives; of more technically, accurate his
torians. . ¦ . •
There was, a little later, on. a third
epoch of Roman literature, not inconsid
erable 'in Ita greatness by any means. It
continued for a number of years — for some
distance Into the second century, indeed.
It included Seneca, the philosopher: Mar
tial, the epigrammatist:" Pliny, the natur
alist—"the most learned man of his ajre,"
as he. was -justly called: Tacitus, the his
torian: Qulntillan. the rhetorician, and
Juvenal.. the satirist. Of these the mast
worthily renowned was Tacitua. Tacitus
(A. D. 61-117?) has been aptly called the
Latin <• ' Carlyl*. The piercing, scorching
phrases by which he transfixed a charac
ter and showed the evil lurking within or
lit un as with strokes of, lurid color bl3
usually somlwr and : awesome portraiture
of the , fateful procession i of historical
events, are unique in literature.' Tacitus,
indeed, in, his way. was one of the great
est historical writers tha world baa
known. ¦
POLICEMEN SUSPENDED
BY CHIEF SULLIVAN
0. H. Knight and C. H. Waterman
Accused of Allowing a Pris
oner to Escape.
' For allowing a prisoner to escape. Po
licemen O. H. Knight and Charles H.
Waterman Were suspended by Chief Sul
livan yesterday pending their appearance
before* I the Police Commissioners on a
charge of dereliction of duty. Since the
discontinuance of the van for conveying
prisoners from the. California street and
Harbor stations to the City Prison, on
the ground of economy, patrol wagons
from outside stations have been assigned
for that duty. \-
Yesterday morning the wagon from the
Stanyan street station was sent to the
California street station in charge of Po
licemen Knight and Waterman for pris
oners. There were six, and when the
wagon reached McAllister street, between
Lcavenworth and Hyde struts. Cash
Crosby, -a morphine .nend, charged with
disturbing the peace and vagrancy, made
a sudden spring over the" side of the
wagon and disappeared ; north on Hyde
street. The two officers did pot- attempt
to follow him for fear of losing the other
* V lln?ght >1 was' one of the bailiffs In Judge
Fritzs-court arid bears the reputation or
beirrg ?n ' lefflcient officer. Waterman has
been on the- force for twenty years.
TO LICENSE CARRYING
OF CONCEALED WEAPONS
Suparvisors' Committee Will Recom
mend a Tax of $2 50 — Increase
on Hot si Runners.
Acting on the recommendation of Chtef
Sullivan, the Supervisors' License Com;
mittee- yesterday decided in favor of im
posing a license fee of $2 50 per year on
all holders of permits for carrying con
cealed weapons. The last report of Ser
geant Gleason, who has charge of all ap
plications for such permits, shows that
3000 individuals were permitted to carry
pistols. ¦
A delegation of restaurant keepers ad
dressed the committee and asked for- a
reasonable license on their business. ; It
was decided to fix the license tax for all
restaurant keepers at $3 per quarter v;her«
a business of less than J6OOO per quarter
is done. ¦ " :.
The committee will also recommend that
a' quarterly license of $20 be pAld by hotel
runncrr- and transfer wafon drivers.
Standard Optical Co.. 217 Kearny . st..' leading
opticians. All. work (ruafanteed; prices low. •
HORRIBLE THREATS
MADE BY C. L WHITNEY
Unhappy Belations of a Man and
Wife Disclosed in Judge Mo
gan's Court.
A case showing the unhappy relations
existing between Charles C. L. Whitney
and his wife Kate came up for hearing
irv Judge Mogan's court yesterday, the
wife charging the husband with threat
ening to kill her. Mrs. Whitney testified
that she separated from her husband in
Illinois, July 16, ISOS. She with her four
children have been residing with her sis
ter, Mrs, Ed Anderson, 507J4 Hyde street.
Her husband has a suit pending against
her sister and brother-in-law for alienat
ing her affections.
Fie met his wife at Ellis and Jones
streets last month and asked her if she
intended, being a witness in that action.
She replied in the affirmative, when, she
claims, he said: "You look out for your
sell. The life line is drawn and if you
appear against me I will kill you. I have
got a long knife as sharp as a lance, and
I will rip Anderson and make a grand
entrance up th« stair* and slash your
sister also and will make threads of them
In "cross-examination, she said that she
was to apply for a divorce from her hus
band. She had commenced a suit for sep
arate maintenance the day after her ar
rival here. He had written letters, ask
ing her to forgive him, but she refused to
do so. ¦ • . *
The case was continued till this morn-
Ing, when Whitney's counsel promised to
prove that the defendant was dying from
love of his wife, who was kept from him
by her sister. ¦ -'
THIS THE
IS DAY !
THEY ARE ALL'COMING
THIS AFTERNOON. A T 2:ls TO SEE
THE BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND.
EVERYBODY'S FAVORITES'.
LIVING BROWNIES XXD REAL FAIRIES!
MagnflWnt S~enlc and Spectacular Production
of PALMER COX'S Immensely Succfoy-
ful Modern Operetta.
100 -CHILDREN ON THE STAGE— 2OO.
NEW Music, Soncs. Dances, Specialties.
SKH the Fain' Garden, the Fairy Baljet. the
Living Roses, the Funny Chinamen, the Cake-
walk Ballet, the Wonderful Barge.
And the Magnificent TRANSFORMATION
Thursday Nieht. Friday Afternoon, Friday
NlKht. Saturday Afternoon and Saturday Night
P.tserved P*ats, Nlcht. 25c. 50c, 75c. Mat-
inees. 2Sc. f>flc. •
Commencing Punday Night. March l?th.
•PIDDNHEAD WILSON." With the Excel-
lent Actor. BURR McINTOSH.
AMUSEMENTS.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
Convicted in That Country of Crime
Committed in the United States
and Sentenced to Twelve ;
Years' Imprisonment. ' .
Embezzlers, forgers,, defaulters and
other victims of racetrack gambling will
do well for themselves not to seek the
land of the Aztecs as a hiding place from
the ofllcers of the law. for it appears by
a letter received yesterday- by Captain A.
de la Torre,' Spanish interpreter for, the
Immlrration Bureau • In this city, that
fugitive Americans are tried In the Mexi
can courts and are sentenced to confine
ment for . the same iin Mexican prisons,
which are not noted for fresh air or
cleanliness.
The letter is from Chester W. Rowe and
is dated' from Belem prison in the City of
Mexico. The writer says that while serv
ing his second term as County Treasurer
in Porneshiek, lowa, In 1895, he became a
defaulter, " having too many political
friends and never having been able to say
no. He left his wife and children there
In a destitute condition and fled to the
City of Mexico, where, by the advice of
an acquaintance, he took out citizenship
papers for the purpose of avoiding extra
dition. A Grand Jury In lowa Indicted
him and a short time afterward he was
arrested by "the Mexican authorities and
cast into Belem prison for the crime of
"peculado," or embezzlement of public
funds. In lowa. He was convicted of the
charge and sentenced to serve a term of
imprisonment in a Mexican prison for
twelve years and two months and to pay
a fine of $2000. He has appealed to the
courts and they have affirmed the Judg
ment, and the matter is now pending in
the Supreme Court.
Mrs. Rowe called recently upon Secre
tary Hay, and he informed her that her
husband had been convicted of bringing
stolen property, into Mexico, the stolen
property being part of the funds he took
with him from lowa-
Mr. Rowe does not think that It is good
law to convict and imprison a man In
Mexico for a- crime committed in the
United States, and insists that Secretary
Hay. has been misinformed as to the na
ture of the charge upon whio,h his con
viction was had. ' •
GOLDEN AGES OF* LITERATURE.
IX. THE GOLDEN AGE OF ROMAN
LITERATURE.
BY JOHN EBENEZER BRYANT, M. A.
There are two epochs In the history of
Rome when literature shone resplendent.
The earlier epoch was that of Cicero and
Caesar. . It is generally spoken of as the
Ciceronian age. The later epoch was that;
of Virgil and Horace. This epoch Is gen- ;
erally called the Augustan age. • •
The, history of Rome for the fifty or
sixty years that ended with the death" of
Caesar was a fearful thing. No modern
history parallels it, except that of France
for a little while during and just after the
Revolution.- There was no leisure, no
room, no possible chance for the develop
ment of the literary Bpirit as a factor of
general culture. 'The nation— lf Rome at
that time can be called a nation— was
wholly engrossed in the turmofls, the em
broilments, the upheavals of fierce inter
necine struggle. And yet.out of the chaos
of those times were developed two liter
ary products that had the quality and
| matter of universal fame in them.
Cicero (B. C. 106-43) was a great man— lf
mere Intellectual qualities be considered,
VIRGIL.
one of the very greatest men of antiquity.
He was an orator, a pleader at the bar.
a parliamentary debater,- a scholar, a
critic, an essayist In polite literature, a
philosopher— all of the first rank; and as
such he has always been regarded. His
main ambition, however, was to be a
successful practical politician. In this he
failed. His character was not strong
enough, either on Its good side or on its
faulty side, for effectual coping with the
masterful unscrupulousness of Ms age.
In the end his head was struck off, taken
to Rome and displayed In the Senate
House— a proceeding which, though it
seems wantonly atrocious, was only typ
ical of the time.
Cicero is known to scholarship princi
pally for his parliamentary orations and
forensic addresses, his philosophic treat
ises, his essays and his familiar letters.
. These have served as inexhaustible
fields of study for the academic youth of
twenty centuries. But Cicero's greatest
title to fame rests upon the splendid fact
that it was he who by his literary art and
literary power fixed the character of the
Latin tongue as a vehicle of literary ex
pression for the greatest nation of an
tiquity during the whole period of Its
greatness and instituted models of style
and construction which all subsequent
Latin authors followed. And when we
reflect that the I^atin language was for
sixteen centuries the language of the
whole civilized world this great achieve
ment of his measures up to a much
greater magnitude than even first ap
pears. .Indeed, it is scarcely too much to
say that the models of literary style and
rhetorical construction which Cicero set
up are the models which have been ac
knowledged wherever oratory Is practiced
or literature written right up to the pres
ent day.
Caesar (B. C. 100-44), the other great
name of the Ciceronian epocjh of Roman,
literature, was a greater man than even
Cicero was. Caesar was. Indeed, the
greatest man In all antiquity. And, unlike
the case of Cicero, the more critically
Caesar's character and achievements are
studied the greater do they measure. He
was a great general.' a great statesman,
a great empire builder and codifler of
law: also a great politician and orator.
In literature, however. Caesar was great
not because of conscious effort spent, on
literary, labors, but through the sheer ln
evitableness of genius. His only literary
labors, so far as the world now possesses
the fruits of them, were his anonymous,
or, rather, impersonal, records of his
own exploits in war. And yet these sim
ple records — "notes," as he called them, or
"commentaries," as we now say— were in
his own time, and have ever since re
mained. In succinctness, perspicuity arid
brilliancy of phrase, the. despair of all
who tried or have tried to imitate them.
Even Cicero acknowledged this.
The age of Cicero and Caesar was ilium-
THE GOLDEN AGE OF ROMAN LITERATURE.
(Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
REAPER CLAIMS
ANOTHER OF THE
STATE PIONEERS
C. V. S. Gibbs Dies Suddenly
at Coronado After an
Apoplectic Stroke.^
Was One of the Founders of Trinity
Church and Was Among the Most
Prominent Business Men
of This City.
. Death has claimed another of the State's
pioneers. Almost without warning C* V.
S. Gibbs, the well known marine under
writer, was called to his Maker yesterday
morning. He went southa few days ago
for rest and recreation. "While at Coro
nado Monday he suffered a stroke of apo
plexy. Being n man of advanced years
he failed to rally from the attack and the
end came yesterday morning.
Mr. Glbbs was one of the most promi
nent "business men in the city and was
closely identified with San Francisco's his
tory from the days of '49. Although a
man of affairs, he was a devout Chris
tian and was instrumental in establishing
Trinity Church. At the time of his death
he had been connected with the church
for maf e than fifty years.
Deceased was a native of Newport. R. 1..
THE LATr^C. V. S. GIBBS.
and was over 70 years old. At the age of
16 he graduated from the Poughkeepsle
(New \ oik) Boys' Academy, and at oncu
entered upon the active \ business life
which has marked his career. Before he
had reached his majority he was In busi
ness for himself in New York as a whole
sale grocer. When the news of tbc Cali
fornia gold discoveries reached the ICasi
he was anfbng the llrst to start for th«»
Pacific Slope. With his brother Oeorge
he left New York in January, 1849, for
Vera Cruz. Crossing Mexico to Maz.it lan
they sailed in the Hamburg brig Antonio
for San Francisco, reaching here April 24,
1549.
Mr. Gibbs at once struck out for the
mines at Murphys Camp, but one day's
experience with a pick and shovel was
enough for him and he returned to the
bay. He entered into partnership with
E. E. Dunbar and the firm opened a gen
eral merchandise store on .Washington
street, in the rear of the old City Hall. A
fireended the existence of the firm. -Mr.
Gibbs engaged in several mercantile enter
prises until ISG9, when he -became an ad
juster of marine losses, which profession
he followed until his death.
He was a trustee In many of the reli
gious and benevolent organizations of the
city, and was also a member of the Pio
neers, of which h<s,was a past president. He
was connected with the Sansome Hook
and Ladder Company of the old Volun
teer Fire Department, and was one of the
leaders of the Vigilance Committee.
Mr. Gibbs was married in 146 at Brook
lyn. N. V.. to Miss Harriet E. Forbes.
Besides the widow deceased leaves four
children— William C. and Harry T. Gibbs,
Mrs. John Stafford and Mrs. W. G. Hol
combe.
The funeral arrangements have not yet
been made. • '*-»,. ~
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 15, 1900.
MEXICO JAILS
THIEVES FROM
YANKEE LAND
C. W. Rowe, Defaulting Coun
ty Treasurer From lowa,
in Prison.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally, 625 Sixth Street. . •
BYRON JACKSON.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
l/nrtpU Fand Centrifugal Pumps, Drake
E\|\\J'V7n Amalgamators, In operation dal-
ly. 9 Stevenson st., San Francisco
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
BOS* GOLD SAVER.
Man pump*, water operates machine, works
3 tons per hr.. saves 93 p.c. free gold. 129 First.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES fine cold. In ' dally operation at 254
Beaie ct.. San Francisco.
GASOLINE ENGINE^.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is filling
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First St.. S. F.
' GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL GoM Savlnc Machine. *» Fol-
pom street. Oriental Gas Endne Compa-v.v
GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
Outfits packed. IRVINE BROS.. 570 Howard.
308 Fourth. 1302 Polk and 1441 Stockton, S. K.
OILS. ¦
LTTRRICATINO Oil. ' Crude Oil and Oasollne.
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F.
PLATES FOR SAVING GOLD.
Schaezleln A Burrlflge. 3 Hardie place, off
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
F. W. BELL, Central Plating Works, 852 Mis-
sion St.. S. F. Phone Jessie 301.
fAD 0R % M £3 R Jtk f* f
ALL THIS ANFnEXT WEEK.
Every Night Except Sunday. Matinee Saturday.
"A decided hit."— Chronicle.
"Clever and clean."— Examiner.
"Its success was Instantaneous." — Bulletin.
CHARLES FROHMAN
Presents WILLIAM SILLETTITS GREATEST
COMEDY TRIUMPH.
BECAUSE SHE j§
LOVED HIM SO ||!
With J. E. DODSON and Original N. Y. Cast.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. F.
D~EDGrO PIMPS.
Oil. Gasoline. Steam Hoists. Centrifugal Pumps.
Enftines&Bollers. HendyMach.Wks.,4o Fremont.
MARSH STEAiM PUMPS
Fupply frerh or salt water for sluice boxes;
hi eh or low lifts. Slmonds, 33 Market st
*Ti VQLI*
"HOOT MON, CROWDED AS USUAL!"
THIS EVENING IS THE
69th PERFORMANCE
Of the Great Record-breaklnc Comic Opera,
The Idol's Eye,
Evenings at S. Matinee Saturday at I.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
TELEPHONE—Bush ».
FUMPS AND GASOLINE FNGINES.
AH kinds of Pumps and Gasoline - Engines.
WOODIN & LITTLE. 312 Market st..' S. F.
PILE.DRIVINO ENGINES.
Worthlngton Steam Pumps & Water Meters,
Mundy Hoisting Engines. Tatum & Bowen.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER &. HAMILTON. En^lnes'-and Boilers;
lowest Drlcea on the coast. Pine & Davis sts.
TENTS AND «. OVERS.
NEVILLE & CO.. manufacturers, bass, tents,
covers. Si and 23 California St.
W. & P. BUILOINO PAPER.
Wlrd, water and vermin proof. Prepared
roofins. 113 New Montgomery st.
tlfoamfaa-
PHOnE SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE LAUGHING FARCE COMEDY,
HAVE YOU SEEN SMITH?
Introducing Comedians Who Are Funny.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
WIW. HrtRFiV GLAZIER
And Ills Excellent Company In a Lavish
Production.
"THREE MUSKETEERS."
Handsome Costumes, a Perfect Presentation In
detail. Direct from New York City.
SEATS ON SALE TO-DAY.
PRlCES— Evening. 15c. 25e. S3c. 50c and 75c
Matinee. I.V-, 25c. 35c and SOc.
CHL'TES_AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW !
TO-NIGHT-
LADY COOPERS' CHORUS.
AND AMATEUR SPECIALTY SHOW
After Regular Performance.
SATURDAY NIGHT—
CAKEWALK CONTEST !
Black Bartons vs Stewarts
Reserved Feats by Telephone, Park 23.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
LAST rOCR NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SHNDAY.
A WHIRL OF FUN!
Never Again
A JOLLT FRENCH FARCE.
PRICES— IScT2Sc, 35c, 50c
NEXT WEEK- Elaborate Production,
"DIPLO/VIACY V>
SKATS NOW READY.'
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL
J4R. C. L. GRAFF Presents
LAST TWO EXPLANATORY RECITALS
AT THE PIANO BY
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH
. ¦ ON THE
WAGNER OPERAS AND ML'SIC DRAMAS,
To morrcw (Friday) Af lernoon. at 2:39
PARSIFAL.
Saturday March 17— TRISTAN and ISOLDE
Rm>. ned geatß-tl 00. General Admission— ll.
Now < n Bale at Sherman, Clay &. Co.'t.
WESTfcRN TURF ASSOCIATION
TANFORAN PARK.
FIFTH MEETING. Men. 1$ to 24. Inclusive.
Six high-class running races every week 2ay,.
rain or 6hlne, beginning at 1:30 p. m. • •'
The ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars into
a superb grand stand, glass-Inclosed, where,
comfortably housed In bad weather, they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
S:00, 10:40 and 11:30 a. m. and 12:15, 13:33, 12:50
and 1:25 p. m.. returnlnK Immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Beats In rear cars re-
served lor women and their escorts. No smok-
ing. Valencia street, 10 minutes later.
San Jone and Way Stations— Arrive at San
Hruno at 12: C p. m. Leave San Hruno at 4:00
and 4-45 p. m.
RATES — San Frsnclsco to Tanforan pnd re-
turn. Including admission to track. $1.23.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
FURNITURE BUYERS 1
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
IN ALL LINES OF
FURNITURE. CARPETS. LINOLEITM3,
MATTINGS. ETC.. . rj
From 10 to 10 per cent on account of enlacing
store. Must make room for new jroodt. Try
my credit tystem. The only liberal credit
house on the Coast.
Ertlmales given on complete housefurnlsblnr.
Prices lower than ever.
T. BRILLIANT^
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Powell and Stockton sts.
Open evenlngrs. "..
Free delivery Oakland and suburbs.
HCE.VE.
7
JULIUS CAESAR.Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 BS%
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars 48% 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Dullness continues to characterize
the market, but futures are slightly higher.
Liverpool and Paris were both lower. Chi
cago was somewhat higher, with a good ship
ping demand, 300,000 bushels being taken for
export. The market was largely oversold, but
the demand was ¦ reported greatly Improved.
Duliith reported large sales for spring ship
ment. The leaders sold Corn.
bt>ot A\ neat— snipping, milling. 97^^$!.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls a. m.— May— 6ooo ctls,
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4ooo ctls,
$1 04 May— l2.ooo, 97% c. ' ,
Afternoon ' -Session— December— lo.ooo ctls,
$1 04M>. May— lo,Coo. 97% c: 4000. 97% c.
BARLEY— Buyers hold oft and offerings are
n *Feed 75c for No. 1 ¦ and 65i572%c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, So@S7%c;
Chevalier, nominal. . .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales. ¦
Second Session— No sales.
N Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls.
Afternoon Session— No sales. v ?>'., •
OATS— Medium Grades are In demand, but
are scarce. .Buyers do not want the upper and
lower grades, so business is dull.
White $1 lC«il 3u: Red, 95c«*l 17%; Gray.
Jl 07V.ffl I s - Black, »7%«?51 05.
CORX-E'astern White : is ouoted at 37%c@
$102% per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1@1 10;
mixed, Sl^l "5 per ctl.
RYE-97%c«5l 02% per Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40@3 60; Oregon
and Washington, $2 73®3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In - sacks are as fol
lows ut-ual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour ?3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal ?2 50; Rice . Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 60;
Oat Groats, $4 SO; . Hominy, $3 25<53 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4©l 25: Cracked' Wheat, $3 75;
Farina $4 50; Whole AVheat Flour. $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels). $607 25; In sacks, . $3 75-gi
7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $3; Green Peas,
$5 50 per 100 lbs. ¦ ¦•' : ¦ ¦//,.: ¦ \
Hax and Feedstuff s.
Dealers quote the old prices, with a firm mar
ket for Bran and a .weak market for Hay.
BRAN— f 12(313 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— SI7®2O per ton. ¦
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. *26®27; jobbing,
$27 60^25; Cocoanut Cnke. $20©21: Corn Meal,
$23®23 50; Cracked Corn.' s23 50®24; Mixed Feed.
$15 50: Cottonseed Meal. $23 per ton. r
HAY— Wheat. ?7®9 for: common to good;
$9 50 for choice . and -occasionally ¦ $10; Wheat
and Oat,* $6 5009; Oat, $6®B; Barley, $5@7;: Al
falfa, $&JJ7 50 per. ton. • - -
STRAW— 2S@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is nothing new to report. The demand
is poor. . ;j . '¦ ,
' BEANS— Bayos. $3 30@3 40; small .White, $3 15
@3 25; large White, $2 90@3 10: Pinks, •'s2 50®
2 85; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 35@4 65; But
tera, nominal;. Lima. ?5 15@5 25; 1 Pea, $3 20@
3 40: Red Kidneys. $3 60@4.
SEEDS— Brown ¦ Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 4%5T4%c; Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary,
3%c-per lb for , California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9®loc: - Rape, 2%@3c; ¦' Hemp, 4@4%c;
Timothy, 4<W4'.4c. '
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 50®l 90; Green. $1 75
©2 60 per ctl. ' .*-y-.?.*.V
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
¦ Sweet Potatoes . continue to decline. Other
Potatoes ¦ and .' Onions are unchanged.
Vegetables stand about the same.
Receipts were 1261 boxes Asparagus. 455 boxes
Rhubarb and 349 sacks Peas. -¦'.•.. ¦
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 75<583c: River Reds.
75(550c; 'Burhanks.'- 50@90c: ! per :• sack; ; Oregon
Burbanks, 75ciJ$l 10; Sweet ." Potatoes, $2 r.o®
2 CO for Merced and $1 25 for Rivers; New Po
tatoes, -. l«4®3c. j.' . . .-..-.:..-¦• • ¦-
.. ONlONS— Oregons,' $1 7502 15 per . ctl; Ne
vada*. $2® 2 23. •¦¦ . ••'.'• ' '-'-'•.'
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb,' 75c@$l 25 ' per box;
Asparagus. -75c(8-$l 25 per box for No. 2 and $1 60
<7?2 for No. 1 and $2 25 , for fancy large ; ¦ Green
Peas, ; l%ffJ3c per lb; String. Beans. 48>10c; Cab
bage, 40<B EOc ; Los .Angeles - Tomatoes, ¦ $I@l 25;
Egg Plant from .Los Angeles. ;¦¦ 8®10c; . Dried
Okra, 12% c per lb; Garlic,: 2%«3%c: Green' Pe
ppers from Los -Angeles, : Dried Peppers, S@
10c; Carrots, 2.Vf?35c per sack; Los Angeles Sum
mer-Squash, $I<Sl 25 •: per '• box; j Marrowfat
Squash, . nominal. • '- -. - ¦• SSS&SSSiSSS
Poultry qnd Game.
'¦ Poultry ¦continues firm' under light supplies,
though*' there ¦Is ¦ more Eastern ; on the market.
Game Is unchanged. V ; _' '.':.. .*'.-
POULTRY— Live Turkey's. 1 ll^tfc for Gobblerf
and ll@l2c I for '¦¦ Hens; Geese, 't per. pair, : $2@2 25;
Goslings, $2 Koff3; Ducks, $4*85 for old and $4@3
for - young ; . Hens, $4 50@6 ; Young ; Roosters. . $6
®7;<Old Roosters. : $4 60@5 ; Fryers,\ s6 : Broilers.
$6(5)5 50 for large and $3 60(^4 60 for small; Pig
eons,'. $1 25®1 50 per dozen for old and $2 25® 2 50
for Srpinhn •'-ijfilMlll' T'l '^s^Tyirtlligi[[rT*-T-*T-~Tr**T'
. : GAME — Hare, j Sl@l 25; - Rabbits, $1 25@1 50;
EASTERN MARKETS.
Canadian Pacific 95
Canada Southern 49
1,000 Chesapeake & Ohio 2SH
100 Chicago Great Western «H
24,515 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 125
4<X> Chicago Ind & Louisville 21V4
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 63
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95
Chicago & Northwestern 162
6,070 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 10SU
J25 C C C & St Louis : 6SH
350 Colorado Southern 6%
310 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 42Vi
fr* Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17 '
120 Delaware & Hudson IHU
Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .lSO
Denver & Rio Grande 19
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 71%
' 110 Erie 12H
243 Erie Ist prefd 37
Great Northern prefd 157
Hocklr.g Coal 15
600 Hocking Valley 31
Illinois Central 113^
300 lowa Central 13-5*
lowa Central prefd 49.
600 Kansas City I'ittsburg & Gulf 12
Lake Erie & Western 20' i
I^ake Erie & Western prefd 85
Lake Shore 194
15.665 Louisville & Nashville 81%
6.C49 Manhattan L 93 7g7 g
3,545 Metropolitan Street Railway 163%
400 Mexican Central 12%
100 Minn & St Louis 61
100 Minn & St Louis prefd 92
E.OlO Missouri Pacific 45
100 Mobile & Ohio 44
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10
100 Missouri Kansas &. Texas prefd.... 22%
2CO New Jersey Central 115%
2.C2 New York Central 12»H
4.430 Norfolk & Western 22Vi
3.750 Norfolk & Western prefd S'-i
i.W.'O Northern Pacific 52%
1.168 Northern Pacific prefd "S%
4CO Ontario & Western 23«fc
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
4.090 Pennsylvania 134%
320 Reading -. I'%
700 Reading Ist prefd 58
Reading 2d prefd 29U
Rio Grande Western 53%
Rio Grande Western prefd 90%
St Louis & San Francisco 10%
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 6S
200 .St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 34U
St Louis Southwestern 10>i
ICO St Louis Southwestern prefd 29
10,420 St Paul : 123
115 St Paul prefd 1^2%
St Paul i Omaha 109
4,785 Southern Pacific 35%
1.&J0 Southern Railway 13
2,100 Southern Railway prefd 58
780 Texas & Pacific 16%
12,977 Union Pacific 49
2,461 Union Pacific prefd '4%
Wabash 6%
100 Wabash prefd 20
110 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10
210 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 26 7 «
250 Wisconsin Central 1<
Express Companies —
ISO Adams 115
230 American 145
United States 4o
Wells Farso 122
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 38%
American Cotton Oil prefd 53%
100 American Malting 5
100 American Malting prefd 24»»
100 Am Smelting & Refining 39
249 Am Smelting & Refining prefd...... *1%
American Snirlts .: 2
American Spirits prefd ?.. 17
410 American Steel Hoop 35%
American Steel Hoop prefd 80
6.D63 American Steel &. Wire 53%
350 American Steel & Wire prefd 9\%
1,400 American Tin Plate 33
American Tin Plate prefd 81%
9.740 American. Tobacco 105%
American Tobacco prefd. 135
2.310 Anaconda Mining Co 43 s a
22,450 Brooklyn - Rapid Transit «7%
Colorado Fuel & Iron 43%
1.390 Continental Tobacco 23
1.210 Continental Tobacco prefd 84%
3,750 Federal Steel 43"j
228 Federal Steel prefd 72%
General Electric ~ 123
2ffl Glucose Sugar 52' i
1W Glucose Sugar prefd $$\i
Wti International Paper 18%
770 International Paper prefd 64
Laclede Ga* 74%
600 National Biscuit 33%
_ National Biscuit prefd 91%
475 National Lead - 24
410 National Lead prefd 104
5.300 National Steel 44%
National Steel prefd 93%
New York Air Brake 127
830 North American 14" 8
Pacific Coa»t 50
Pacific Coaft lft prefd S2
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 60
580 Pacific Mall 47%
11.795 People's Gas 97 1 *
Pressed Steel Car 52%
Pressed Steel Car prefd 84%
Pullman Palace Car 1«3
200 Standard Rope & Twine 6%
E9.243 Sugar- IOHi
Sugar prefd 109
. 2.750 Tennessee Coal 4 Iron 92%
3.R35 United States Leather 12
1,3*0 United States Leather prefd 72%
1.160 United States Rubber 27
150 United States Rubber prefd 93
565 Western Union $2%
W Republic Iron & Steel 21%
425 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 67 r ;i
P C C & St Louis 65
566.000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s reg. IC2 M K& T 45....... 91%
U S 3s reg 111% N V Central lsts..Uo
U S 3s coup lll'i N J Cent een 55. ..122%
U S new 4r reg 133% N Carolina 6s 113
U S new. 4s coup. .135% N Cardlina 4s 1C6%
U S old 4s reg 117 N Pacific 3s 66"fc
1} S old 4s c0up. .117% N Pacific 4s 105
U S is reg 116,* N V C & S L 45...1CR
U S 5s coup U6'i N &. W con 4* 95%
Dis of Col 3.655. ...119 N & W een 6s 136 j
Atchlson general 45... Or Nay lsts 108 j
Atchison gen 4s 101% Or Navl4s 102% |
Canada So 2ds 107 Or Short Line 65.. 127% •
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 97 |Or S Line con f-5..1J3 i
Ches & Ohio 5s 11SV* I Reading Gen 4s 85
C & NW con 75... .144 jR G \V lsts.. 98
C &• NWSFdeb 55.121 ]H L & 1 M con 55.. 111%
Chicago Term 45.. 93% IS L & S F gen 65.121
D & R G Ists 103««]St Paul cons 169
D&; R G 45.:...... 99 SPC & P 15t5.. ..119%
TTVa & Ga Uts.lol*i!S PC& P 5s 120 1 * !
Erie General 45... 71% Southern Ry 85....11C»H ¦
F W & D C Ist*... 71 R & T 65..:. 70
General Elec 5*..J16 Term new set 35... 95 i
G H & S A 65. ...108 Tex & Pac 1*t»....114% ,
G H & S A 2d5...1(fi% Tex & Pac 2d5.... 55
H & T C 5s 110% Union Pacific ¦ 45.. .105%
H& T C con 65... 110 Wabash lsts 11G%
lowa Central 1rt5.114%! Wabash 2<ls 9H
X C P &. G lsts... 71% West Shore 4s 113%
La new cons 45.... 107 Wls Cent lsts 90"»
L & N Unl 4s 9K% Va Centuries 90
Po Pacific 4s. ...1.. R3% Va deferred 9%
M X *. T 2d5...... CC% Colo A So 4s 83%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22|Ontarlo 8 83
Crown Point 11 Ophlr 65
Con Cal & Va 1 40] Plymouth 12
Deadwood E3 [Quicksilver 150
Gould A Curry..... 12 Quicksilver prefd.. 750
Hale & Norcrofs.. 27 I Sierra Nevada 60
Hcmestake 50 00 Standard 3 00
Iron Silver 70 Union Con ......... ;j«
Mexican .' .. -20 Yellow Jacket....... li
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Monev — it'n'on r»nr- <'>%
Call loans 3%@4% Union Land S
Time leans ..'.. 4igs'\\est K..u 'j*
Stocks— IWestlngh Elec 42%
Atchlson 23%,! Bonds —
do prefd C7%!Atchlson 4s 98%
Am Sugar 101'i'N E G & Coke 55.. 69
do prefd ..\..... ..109 I Mining shares —
Bell Telephone 314 '[Adventure ... .. 4%
Boston & Albany. .23B - Allouez Mln Co 2
Boston Klevated...ll7 !Amal£ Copper .:.. f 3%
& Maine. ..ls2 24Va
C B & Q ..122%'80ft3n & M0nt.. ..^4
. Dom Coal 43 'Buttc. & Boston..'. 61
Fed Steel M 'Calumet & Hecla..73."i
! do prefd 73% i Centennial 17%
Fltchburg prefd. ..l3o IFranlclin 14%
Gen.EUc 126%;0«ce01a ....:........ CS
do prefd 137 jParrot 44%
Ed Elec 111 20:» jQulncy 132
Mcx Cent 12*ij Santa Fe Copper., r.%
NE G & C0ke..... 18 Tamarack ISS
Old Colony 207>i!Utah Mining ...... 28%
Old Dominion ....: 14%'WInona 2%
Rubber 23 ! Wolverines ..:..... 41
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, March 14.— Money on call firm
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, March U.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridge tt. 32 hours from
V Vtmr%e-w»bar. Walvlgr. 19 hours from Usal:
bound to Redondo: put la to land one of crew.
W Sons a proKreso. Zollingr. «H day 9 tnm Ta "
C °Stmr -Whttesboro. Olaen. hours from
G s e tmr < Co^s Bay. Shea. 76 hours from New-
Croscup. 93 hours from Ta
™Ge^ >tnir Hathor. Vo« 9 : VZ days 9 hours ,U
Minutes from Hamburg and way ports, via San
& B«n J Kmh. 15 days from Tacoma.
Schr Corinthian. Korth. 24 nours from
Palmsren.il toy, from
G ?chr 11 days from Umpqua
River. . — ?_
Schr Maxim. Olsen. 46 hours from Eureka.
Schr Archie and Fontie. Skipper. 15 hours
fl sS»r F Molterey. Eeck. 5% days from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
" " Wednesday. March 14.
Stmr Thistle. Anderson. Bristol Bay; Alaska
PP l C tmTEqu S ator. aßobinson.a Robinson. Chisnlk Bay. Hume,
B Nor & stmr m Tellus. Pedersen. Chem&lnus: R
Kahulul: Alexander &
B *chT ln prcsper. Brandman. Bristol Bay. Tl*
Blame; Alaska Packers' Association.
C T. SAILED.
Wednesday. March 14.
Stmr Pomona, Alexander, San Diego.
' Stmr Newsboy. Walvlg. Redondo. .
Stmr State of California. Gase, Astoria.
Stmr Washtenaw. G'lboy. Tacoma.
Stmr Ruth. Lundqulst. Eureka.
Stmr Equator. Robinson. Chignlk.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pederson. Chemalnus
Bark Snow & Burgess, Olsen. Port Blakeltn
Bark Gatherer. LJunggren. Tacoma.
Bark Vldette. Liebig, Seattle.
Schr Queen. Frederickson. Klawack.
Schr Transit. Jorgenson. Honolulu.
Schr Metha Nelson. Rice. KlheL
<schr J M Colman. Murchlson. Puget Sound.
Schr Coqullle. Pearson. Coquille River.
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 14. 10 p m— Weather
foggy: wind west, velocity 12 miles.
DISASTER.
SEATTLE. March I*— The stmr Excelsior ar
rived and reuorts that stmr Wolcott struck a
rock on Jan XI 10 miles from Kodlak and is a
total loss. Passengers and most of cargo
saved. ' - .» » V - v' "
SPOKEN.
March 2. lat 48 N, lon 9 W— Br ship Exccan,
from Hamburg, for Oregon.
Feb 17. lat 322 N. lon 117 23 W— Br ship Ach
nashle. from Liverpool, for Vancouver.
March 6. lat 33 N, lon 44 W— Br ship River
Falloch, from Victoria for Liverpool.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Centennial, at San Francisco March
13 from Kahului— Lef t In port schr Helen X
Klmball. bktn Chehalls, schr Novelty and Be
ship Antlope.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed March 13— 8chr
Vine, for San Francisco; scar Bangor. for San
Francisco; stmr Grace Dollar, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Coqullle River, for San Francisco*
Arrived March 13— Schr'Laura Madsen. henca
March 3: schr Laura May. from San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed March 14— Stmr Rival,
for San Francl9CO.
TACOMA — Arrived March »—» — Schr J M
Weatherwax. hence Feb 27.
EUREKA— Arrived March 14 — Stmrs West
port and Aberdeen, hence March 12.
Sailed March 14— Br ship Cardigan Castle, tot
""rOCKPORT— Sailed March 14— Stmr Scotia,
for San Francisco.
FORT BRA GO — Arrived March 14— Stmr
Noyo. hence March 13.
PORT TOWNSEND-^Salled March 14— Br
stmr Dalny Vo»tok. for Hongkong.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed March 14— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
ALBlON— Sailed March 14— Stmr South Coast.
for San Francisco.
BANDOX— Sailed March 14— Schr Joseph and
Henry, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 13— Stmr Al-KI.
f rom ¦ Skaguay. March 14— Stmr St Paul, from
Oyster Harbor. 1 .
Sailed March 13— Stmr Golden Gate, for
" SAN DlEGO— Arrived March 14— Br stmr Car
lisle City, hence March 12.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March 14— Stmr George W
Elder, for San Fmnc!«co.
Arrived March 14— Br ship Poseidon, from
Ilonoltite:. '
SAN PEDRO I—Sailed1 — Sailed March 14— Stmr Pasa
dena.' for Eureka.
Arrived March 14— Stmr Luella, from Eureka.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed March 14— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed March 11— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco; schr Emma Utter, tor San
Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LONDON— Sailed March 14— Br bark Dun
rcc?an. for Seattle.
ANTWERP— Arrived March 11— Br sh'D For
tevlot. Jrom Tacoma.
CORONEL— Arrived" Feb 26— Ger stmr Octa
via. from Hambursv for San Franciso*.
NAGASAKI — Arrived March 10— Br stmr
Westminster. . from Manila, for San Francisco;
Br ship Pinmore. from Barry. *
SYDNEY— SaiIed sFeb 21— Br ship Musselcrag.
for San Francisco.
Arrived srlor to March 13— Ship Yosemtte,
from Chemninus.
HONGKONG— SaiIed March It— Br shio Bor
lln. for Pupet Sound.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 13— Br stmr
Empress of China, from Vancouver.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed- March It— Stmr Pt Pan!,
for Southampton: stmr West»rnlsnd. for Ant
werp: stmr* Anchoria, for Glasgow.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived March 14— Stmr
New York, i from New York. :
¦-- Sailed March 14— Stmr Kalserln Maria Teresa,
from Bremen, for New . York.
~ LIVERPOOL— Palled March 14-Btmr T»u
tonlc.-,for New, York. r- ¦ ¦¦-;.•«
8V W 4s(3dra)lo2 — I Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 65. .100 104 Al Pack Assn. ll9 - —
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn.loo 102
Contra Costa.. 64 64% Mer Ex Assn. 9»% —
Marin County.— — Oceanic S Co. — 9o
Eprlng Valley.. 38% - Pac A F A^.. 2 -
Gas &- Electric Pac C Bor Co.il.% —
Cent G L Co.. — — I Par Paint Co.. JO _—
Cent L & P... — 4% '
. ' Morning Session. .
"Board— '-" '-v : '¦*¦*": :„ .';. " ' "¦'
75 Contra Costa Water w 00
50 Contra Ccsta Water 63 2*
35 Contra Costa Water «S
15 Equitable Gas * «¦»
5 Giant Powder Con »f to .
10 Giant Powder Con t"A- -X
10 Giant Powder Con '. - »» «J
;0 Hana Plantation Co » «r^»
50 Hana Plantation Co »
.125 Honokaa Sugar Co *- co
60 Hutchlnson S P Co JT 00
60 Hutchinson S P Co 26 S^Vj
100 Kilauea S P Co *J '»
SO Kllauea S P Co 21 8.%
250 Makawell Sugar Co « ?"'
25 Oceanic S S Co *» ?*
265 Paauhau S P Co »
5 Pacific Gas Imp f* «»
$200« Park & Cliff House 6s '.1«> S9
10 Spring Valley V.'ater 95 «•>
Street — . ... --
$1000 Spring Valley Water 6s ....114 to
Afternoon Session.
Board — . „ ..
. 115 Giant Powder Con » 00
140 Giant Powder Con .J* •*
15 Giant Powder Con ,"* •*»
10 Giant Powder Con »» «•
170 Honokaa Sugar Co J. w .
130 Hutchinson S P Co". « «>
200 Makawell Sugar Co 4H o0
60 Makaweli Sugar Co SEP*
25 Mutual Electric Light 10 f_
200 Paauhau S P Co v* M 2<>
Street— • .„ „
54 Spring Valley Water 98 <>
J2OOO Spring Valley Water «*.... 114 w
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.^
'¦.;-..-- Morning Session.'
Board— , ?
tO Barker Ranch - *»*
Afternoon Sasslon,
Board — x .:'.- ' x ~"l '._ *
100 Barker Ranch — >¦ J*
400 Anaconda .5?
100 Yukon * tt
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon S-sslon.
Board— .-">¦;. ¦
10 Blue Ooo*e 2 ! ™
40 Home Oil • 3 »
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
6CO Belcher 30 200 Overman 31
100 iCaledonla 107% 200 Overman 32
15»CaIedonla 110 600 Overman 33
100 Challenge Con.. 25 600 Potosl 31
100 Challenge Con.. 26 200 Savage 13.
300 Chollar 21 6W Silver Hill 10
600 Con Cal & Va..l 53 1000 Silver Hill 09
600 Crown Point... lot oOOUtah. 10
300 Gould A Curry. 161 700 Yellow Jacket. 18
SCO Mexican 25 600 Yellow Jacket. 13
200 Ophlr ... ... 79i
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 29: 200 Mexican 26
200 Belcher 31 1 400 Ophlr ...; 79
200 Belcher 30 500 Overman 30
400 Caledonia 1 05 700 Overman 32
200 Caledonia ....1 07% 200 Overman 31
300 Caledonia 115 200 Overman 33
200 C C & Va....l 52% 12f)Q Overman 34
300 C C & Va....l 57% 200 Savage 14
80) Gould & Curry. 16 200 Sierra Nevada. 56
300 Justice 06 200 Silver Hiy 09
200 Mexican »I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. March 14.
Bid. Ask. f Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05'Kentuck C 2 ¦u3
Alta ...» 05 O'jLady Wash 02 —
Andes 11 12. Mexican ....... 26 27
Belcher 30 31 1 Occidental 14 16
Best & Belcher 37 3s'Ophlr 80 82
Bullion 02 04|Overman 33 34
Caledonia 115 1 20i Potosl 20 22
Chollar 24 23' Savage 13 14
Challenge Con.. 25 26 Scorpion 02
Confidence SO — Seg Belcher.... 04 05
C C & Va 155 1 60,Slerra Nevada. 54 56
Ctn Imperial... — 02 Silver Hill 03 10
Con New York. — .04 Sf Louis — 12
Crown Point... 14 15 Standard ... 295 —
Exchequer 02 03 Syndicate M —
Gould & Curry. 16 17 Union Con 22 24
Hale & Nor 23 30, Utah 10 11
Julia — C2jYellow Jacket. 13 23
Justice 06 CSj
Gray Geese, - $3; White. 1 $I©l 25: Brant, . $1 WQ
2 60; Honkers. $4 per dozen; English Snipe.
$2 50®3; Jack Snipe. $1 60. ¦ .
Butter, Eggs and Cheese.
The war In Eggs continues, and though yes
terday' s receipts were . 1200 cases at the , lowest
calculation and .the! heaviest this year, the
market continued stiff,' some dealers quoting
sales up to 20c. It must not be forgotten that
the present rise Is purely artificial, and that
the market. If It had been left to Itself, would
never have risen as It has. When the dealers
get through fighting and leave the market
alone It will probably settle down again. There
are plenty of. Eggs here. . '•'•-¦im.
Butter Is showing signs of weakness. The
north is turning down orders at the advance
and local dealers j are rather expecting a de
cline. . -. ¦ ¦. . •-?,'
. Cheese continues weak.
BUTTER— ••?-. i t -
Creamery— Fancy • creamery, 21@ttc; seconas.
?0e - -
Dairy— Fancy. 19@20c: good to choice, 17%®
18% c: common, nominal. . '.-¦»,,
CHEECT:- Choice mild new. S@S%c: .old. 7%e.
Young America, SlglOc: Eastern, 15@16c: West
ern, 13%(&15c per lb. . Z'J***l
EGGS— Quoted at 14igi4%c for store and Ij®l3c
per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned as fot
lows: Fancy Navels. $1 35<&2 50; choice. $1 3*3
2 20; standard. 70c<8$l 60. Otherwise there was
nothing new.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— SO@7Sc per box for common, xiv
1 60 for good to choice and $1 75@2 for /»£££•
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges. $1 .W2 7»
per box: Seedlings, 75c@$l 60; Lemons. lISI 50
for common and $2<?2 50 for good to. choice:
Mexican Limes. $5 sOji6; California LJmes. 502>
75c; Bananas $1 2332 50 per bunch; Pineap
ples, '$3 50®4 per dozen. •
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prune*. In sacks. 4®4%c for
40-50' s, 3®3%c for 60-60* s. 3@3%c for 60-70' s,
3%c for 70-80' s. 3c for SO-90's and 2%c for 90
100's; Apricots, 11@12%c for Royals. 12%©15 c
for Mooroarks and 12(g13%c for Blenheims;
Peaches. D'.ilgGc for Standards. 6%@6 I !iic for
choice and 7@Bc for fancy; Peeled Penches. 10®
12% c; Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried. 5®
£%c per lb: Nectarines, SftSc: Pears. 3%©4% c
for dark and 7®Sc for bright halves; Black
Figs, 232% c- White Fiss. 2®3c; Bleached
Plums, 800 c: unbleached Plums. 7'S'7%c for
pitted and l%c for. unpitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb 10c: choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per Ib, B%c: choice, 7%0; standard. 6%c;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc: Seedless.
60-lb boxes. 3c: 2-crcwn. loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layer*.
2-crown *1 GO ' per box: 3-crown, $160. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa, $2 50: Imperial. $3. All
prices nre !. o. b. at common shipping points
in California. ¦ ' .
NUTS— Chestnuts. Bi?9e: Walnuts. B#9e for
standards 'and 9@loc for softshells: Almonds.
ll%'Sl2c for paper shell. 9@-10c for soft and *®
5c 'or hard shell; Peanuts, TAi<Zi<>\c for Eastern
ami 5c for California: Brazil Nuts, 7%®?c; Fil
berts. 12(512%c; Pecans, HiglSc; Coooanuts,
$4 5.055-- •
HONEY-Comb, 11%@12c for bright and 10%©
lie for llKht amber; water white extracted.
7?ic: light amber extracted, 7%i@7%c; dark.
5%56c per lb. . .;
BEESWAX-24326C per lb. . .
Provisions.
The Chicago market Is reported stronger, but
this market Is weak and dull, with dealers cut
tins.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium. 10% c for light, 12c
for extra light and 13c for ,su«rar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13c: California Hams,
nominal; Mess Beef. $12 50 per bbl: extra Mess.
$13; Family, $14: extra Prime Pork. $14 50; extra
clear. $16 60; Mess, $15 50; Smoked Beef, 12% c
per lb. ' •
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%<?7c per lb for
compound and 7%c for pure; half barrels, pure,
8c; 10-lb tins. B%c: 5-lb tins. SHc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%*§S%c per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9%c. • - - '
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides are depressed at the decline and stocks
are growing larger dally.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
in%c; medium. 9%c: light, 9%c; Cowhides. S%c;
Stags. 7c: Salted Kip, 9%c: Calf. 9%@10c; Dry
Hides, sound, 18c; culls and brands. 13c; Dry
Kip and -Veal. 16c; Dry Calf, 19c: Sheepskins,
yearlings. 15<g30e each; short Wool. 35ti60c
each; medium. 70@90c:- long Wool. $ISI 23
each; Horse Hides, $2 23@2 75 for large and 75c
fisl 75 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. s{fs%c per lb; No.
2, 4@4'»c; refined, 6%c; grease, 2%ig3c.
WOOL— -
Fall clip. San' Joaouln plains. 9@loc: South
ern 8«i 10c; Middle County. ll@13c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 17<ff20c: Eastern Oregon. 13fJ
16c- Valley Oregon. ISi32oc; Northern Mountain,
free, lliff 14c: Northern Mountain, defective, 10®
lie per.lb.
. HOPS— 6%@loc per lb. -v..v >.-.¦'
San Francisco Meat Market.
Veal Is rather higher and Lamb rather lower.
Beef and Mutton stand the same. Hogs are
in nmDle 1 supply and slowly declining.
BEEF— 6UR7C per Ib for tatr to choice.
VEAL— 6<f»loc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. B@B%c: ewes. 7%®Sc per
lb. -
LAMB— Spring. 10@lle per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%c for small and me
dium and s%tJs^ic for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. s\igs%c; are»-«1 Hogts. 7®S%c.
General 1. . . chandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6V;©6%c; Wool Bags. 25%ff32%c;
Fleece Twine, 7%c.
COAL— Wellington.- $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6 50:- Bryant. $6 50: Coos Bay. $3 50; Wallsend.
$S; Co-operative Wallsend. $S: . Scotch, ;
Cumberland. $12 In bulk and SIX 50 -in sack":
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13 ;' Cannel, $11
per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 in
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes terms • net cash..' in 100-lb bass:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, s%c;' Pow
dered, 5%c: Candy Granulated 5.10 c; Dry Gran
ulated Fine. sc; Confectioners' A, sc; Magno
lia A, 4.60 c; Extra C,' 4%c: Golden C. 4.40 c: bar
rels, 10c more; half -barrels, 25c more; boxes,
50c more; 60-lb bags, 10c more. ¦ No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dom
lnos, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes. 6c.
Receipts of Produce.
' FOR WEDNESDAY, MARCH 14.
Flour, qr sks 17,116 Sugar, bb15....... 250
Wheat, ct15. ..:... 3.360 Quicksilver, flsks 374
Barley, ctls I.SOO Eggs, doz: 38,340
Oats, ctls 360 Middlings, sks 1,200
Butter, ct15...*.... 693 Bran, sks 3,215
Cheese, ctls. .' 342 Onions, sks. 106
Tallow.ctls IS Potatoes, sks 2,130
Pelts, bd15.. ......" 2,793 Beans, sks 618
Hides. N0......... 257IHav. tons 562
Leather, rolls HSJStraw, tons. S
Wine, gals 51,550 Wool, bags . 4
Lime, bbls 226 Sugar, 5k5...:.... 1,000
OREGON.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 1,124 i
.- -. .. -« . - ' ?
THE STOCK MARKET.
The only changes ; worthy of remark on the
morning ¦ session of j the Bond 'Exchange were
a decline In . Contra Costa Water _to $63 and
in Giant Powder to $85 50.' Business was fair.
The market was quiet In the afternoon, with
lower' prices for Giant Powder at $S5 25(3'84 75.
and. for Hutchlnson at $26 50. : .
The . oil ' stocks were dull.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. .'.;:
; WEDNESDAY. March 14—2 p. m.
- .- Bid. Ask. I ' . Bid. Ask.
;U ' 8 ; Bonds — - - . Eqult G L Co. 3% 3%
4s quar coup. .ll4%—' Mutual El Co. 10- Jl-.
4s quar reg... — 114% OG L & H.... — 50
4s • quar new. .136 .—. — Pac Gas Imp.'. 54 —
. 2s' quar coup:. 110% — Pac L C 0.'..... 44 - —
Miscellaneous— . S F G & X.:. 54% —
Cal-st Cab. 58.117- — San Francisco.- 4% 4«4
C C Wat 5«...105 . — Stkn G*ECo 10 —
Ed L & P 65.. 129 — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 65.. — £115 Flrem's Fund.22o% —
Geary-stR »».—"'• 95 Bank Stocks — ~ \
H C& S 5^8.105 110 , Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 69
Do 5s :.......106% Bank of Ca1.. .402% —
LA Ry 55.. .105 105% Cal S D t^T.,lOO —
I/A'lj Co ss.'. — > '— First National. 23o 305 '
•Do gntd 6s.\ — — Lon P & A.. ..130 —
Do'gntd 55.. — — Merchants' Ex 14 —
LA& P R 55.102%102% Nev ,Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 6s;.l2SVi — - Savings Hanks —
Do Ist M 55.116<4 — Ger S & L.. 1300 —
NCN G R "S.IC6 •-• — Hum S A L.. — " —
NR of Cal 68.113% — Mv t Sa y Bk. ¦45 ' — .
Co 5g ........ 115T*ill6M, S F Sav.U.. 507% —
N P C R R 6s.ID3V» —.1 Say & L So. 74 78
"Do 6s ...;.. ,.106Vi107 Sec Say Bk. — —
NCRRSS....IOT — Unlon.T Co. — . —
Oak GL&H 6s.lU ? — - - Street Railroads— *i >
Oak Tran 65. ..112 lli;4 California ....119%121%
Oak VV Co 55.. 105 *¦ — -' Geary-st .::... 50 ¦— . ¦
Oceanic 8 C0..105U105U Market-st Ry. 62% 63
Om CRy 65...127%128 OS L & H-... — 50
P & Cl Ry 68..105 • 105% Presidio/.-..... 14% 18
Pk & O Ry 6s. — ;'— , • Powder Stocks— *, .• :
Powell-st R 65.U7 V— \ California .'....150 160;
Sac i LG&-R . ss. H) ¦ '.'¦. — •• Giant Con Co.V 85 -— --
SF4SJV.os.II7' — ; Vlgorit ..;..... 2H , 2%
SR of Cal 65.113 i — *¦: -Sugar Stocks—
S P. of A 65... 11 l .— . Hana S P Co.- 8H BT4
S.PCh (1905) —¦¦— Haw C&S Co.: Sx% — -
Do . 1906) . ....112 ¦ 113 . Honokaa S Co. 31%"—
.5 Do (1912) r.... — — t Hutch S P Co. 26% 27 ;
Do Ist cc ss. — "—'¦. Kllauea 8 Co.. 21% — *
8P;8r>65.:.:.127:128% Makawell" SCo 48% 48«
8 V Water 65.113%114 lOnomea 8 Co.r2»«j— '«
Do 48 104 .— IPaauhau 8 Co. 29U 23H
Silver and Exchange as before.
Wheat futures advanced slightly.
Other cereals quiet arid unchanged.
Bran firm and Hay zceak. Beans and Seeds. dull.
Potatoes and Onions about the same.
Eggs continue excited under the local war.
Butter easing oft again. Cheese weak.
Poultry firm at prrjious prices. Game unchanged.
Two cars of Oranges auctioned. Lemons and Limes unchanged.
Provisions strong at Chicago, but weak here.
Hogs continue weak. Veal firmer and Lamb weaker.
at 4%@« per cent; last loan. 4% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 5®6% per cent.
Sterling exchange Irregular, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 85H6'4 85% for de
mand and at $4 81T»@4 82 for sixty days; posted
rates. $4 53%@4 87. Commercial bills. $4 $1%.@
4 82%. Silver certificates. 6OH@6l><ic. Bar sil
ver, 69«ic. Mexican dollars. il\c. Bonds-
Government, weak; State, strong; railroad,
firm. ¦ - : - ; .
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows: .
Available cash balance. $154,985,389; gold re
serve, $150,OW(,000. ::' ¦'
London Market.
NEW YORK, March' 14.— The Commercial
Advertiser* 1 London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were very Idle -.and weak
in tendency to-day, due to disappointment - at
the public's apathy, the markets having count
ed on . a strong revival •of speculation when
the v war loan success was established. There
were very large dealings In the loan, one dealer
giving 1% premium for allotment letters for
a million. The same dealer was said to have
applied for twenty-seven millions for a syndi
cate. American applications reached fifteen
million. The premium to-day was easier. 1 %
to 2 on the disappointment over the Chancel
lor of the Exchequer 1 * statement last night
that applications were already ten-fold the
amount required. But this Is probably a con
servative estimate. It 1* estimated that when
the list. closes applications will be fifteen-fold.
Consols "were steady.
Americans were heavy and stagnant, except
Atchisons, which New York bought and then
sold. London regards the currency bill as
having been over-discounted. Coppers were
weak In the fall of over a pound In the price
of the metal. New York sold Anacondas.
Paris sold Tintos. There was some talk that
coprer was likely to break heavily. The Bank
of England received £55,000 gold from Holland
and £11 000 from Portugal and bought £6000
in bars. Rio took £40,000. Money was un
changed, but loans were brisker, the Bank of
England doing less, however.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 9S, ex-dlvldend; Union Pa
cific preferred, 76%: Northern Pacific preferred.
76%: Atchison. 24%; Grand Trunk, $%c; Ana
conda. 9%: Rand mines. .36%. Bar silver,
27 9-16 d per ounce.
New York Grain and Produce.
Charters.
The Henry Vlllard loads sugar at Hllo for
Delaware Breakwater for orders. $«— B6c less
The S. T. Alexander loads lumber' at Ta
coroa lor Kahulul.
Specie Shipments.
Exports of ( specie from this port thus far
this year amount to $3,605,222. against $8,955,765
for the same time lt*t year, the leading de
scriptions being as follows: Sliver bullion,
VM.*Zt; Mexican dollars, $740,396; silver coin,
183 720; gold coin, $2,036,760; currency and bonds,
$21,782. The leading destinations were China,
which took $1.4;*.4>2. and New York, which
took $1,805,135.
TJie Currency Bill.
ITS PROBABLE EFFECT ON THE CIR
CULATION.
The New Tork circular of Henry Clews cay»:
••In a few days the currency bill will become
law, and the banks will complete their prepara
tions for expansion of the currency. We are
not among those who expect any huge in-
Catlon out of this operation. Some parties pro
fese to ccc an addition of $200.«00,000 or $300,000,
000 and over to our currency. Such talk Is
highly injurious and can only harm those who
believe it. Any accurate forecast cf the
amount of new currency Is exceedingly diffi
cult. It is possible that Government bonds
rr.a.y rise to a point where banks would pre
fer to sell rather than take out circulation.
The privilege of issuing notes equal to the
par value of bonds will permit an increase of
over $25,000,000. The effect of the return of
bonds pledged for public deposits in the banks
can hardly be estimated, but It would be con
eiae»Lble. as the banks now hold about $110.
ooii. 000 of Government funds. There are other
operation* of a technical character which will
adJ to the circulation, making an Increase
which a cafe estimate would place at about
|1(W 000.000. This is a moderate expansion, not
sufficient on which to place any great specula
tive operations, but quite sufficient to act as
a preventive of undue stringency and ss a
moderate stimulus to business activity and
speculation. The passage of the currency bill
is not likely to have any pronounced effect.
It is simjlv a formal establishment of the
Peoples will; it Insures the gold standard.
but do#* not Ftop the endless chain or give
us a scientific banking currency, the struggle
for which In Congress should be renewed with
fresh energy.
"The new 2 per cent Government bonds make
a favorable comparison with the English con
sul* which bear 2K per cent interest and are
selling at 100S, whereas the United State*
consols are 2 per cents and are now selling
at 107 before issued, and are in considerable
demand at that price. There can be no better
barometer of the high credit of this nation
than this showing. No other nation has ever
before been able to float a 2 per cent bond
at 100. Thl* is certainly a proud achievement
lor this country."
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. March 14. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of *ame date la*t
season, and rainfalls in last 24 hours:
Pan Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
t6; minimum, 4?: m«jv. '2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure has fallen slowly along the Pa
cific Coast and -will probably fall rapidly
Thursday morning. An area of high pressure
is moving slowly eastward through the northern
tier of State*. The temperature has risen
slightly over the greater portion of the Pacific
slope! Cold weather continues in the upper
Missouri Va'.ley. Rain has fallen In Arizona
and sprinkles are reported in Southern Califor
nia. A thunderstorm has occurred at Phoenix.
A maximum wind velocity of 26 miles per hour
from the northeast is reported from Portland.
Forecast made at San Franol*co for 30 hour*
ending ml-Jnisht March \'>. 1900:
Northern California— Cloudy Thursday, be
coming unsettled at night: light northerly,
changing to southeasterly, wind.
Southern California— Fair . Thursday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona — Cloudy unsettled weather Thursday,
» - ith ocafc'.onal light showers.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Thurs
day, becoming unsettled at night; northerly,
changing to southeasterly, winds.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official..
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United -. States Coast : and - Geodetic - Survey-
Times • ¦ and Heights .of ¦ Hirh r and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay." Published <" by ; official au
thorlty of the Superintendent. '
. NOTE— The ; high and low ' waters . occur at
the city, front \ (Mlssloo-atreet ' wharf) about
*— : ; ; — — ¦ — *
LIVERPOOL. -
Wheat — Mar. May. July.
Opening ............... 5 9%i . . 5 9 • • 58%
Closing 6 9^ 6 9%. 5 8%
¦ Wheat — Mar. May- Aug.
Opening .................*. .. 20 10- . ;20 93 1. ,
Cicsing. v.r..v:. .v.'.v;;..'.:."..'..-.' 19 93 v :20 80- >
Flour — , - • .-"•-. ' . - '•.
Opening ....... 25 10 ' 27 15
Closing ..25 80: . . • 26 90 ;¦¦
. Ch icago Livestock. Market:
CHICAGO. March "14.— CATTLE^-Recelpts,
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. March 14.— T0-day's stock mar-
V> 1 was largely in professional hands and
trading vat congested In the specialties again.
The professional contingent who have bought
stocks to discount the enactment of the cur
rency law sold to-day to realize. Pressure
from this «">urce was not heavy, but the de
mand for Etocks «¦»• bo light that the dribbling
offerings made steady Inroads upon prices,
carrying a few of the standard railroad stocks
off a point during the course of the late trad
ing. The movement of prices In the specialties
was wider, due to special- causes. Sugar was
sold from Boston, where offers were made of
the next dividend l>elow the 1% per cent rate
last Derember on large amount* of stock.
Brooklyn Transit suffered from the refusal of
the State Railroad Commission to defer the
quarterly report. The Rubber stocks felt the
unfavorable influence of the pleasant weather
accompanied by vcories of large stocks to be
carried over until next season. People's Gas
was sold afresh on Chicago orders. The most
conspicuous movement of the day was In Third
Avenue, which sold down to L 6 In the morn-
Ing, but shot up to 66 late in the day after
the publication of the receiver's report, driv
ing the bears to cover with a scramble. • The
stock reacted 3% and fluctuated fe\-eriFhly.
closing with a net gain of 5 points. For the
most part the speculative attitude is one of
continued waiting for the results of the new
financial law to manifest themselves.' A feel
ing of doubt Increased that, however prompt
may be these results, they will not avail to
effort the continued drain during the week on
hank reserves In time to affect the Saturday
bank •tatement. This being -the case that
ftatement is likely to show surplus reserves
practically wiped out. To-morrow is the date
*el for the disbursement of quite a large
amount of dividends, including that' of $20 per
thare on the stock of the Standard OH Com
pany. The dividend alone will amount In the
aggregate to $20,000,000. Several million dol
lars additional will be disbursed as dividends
on various stocks. This may reasonably be
expected to have some effect on to-morrow's
money market. To-day's rate for money was
firmly held, but banker* were eager to place
loans for the longer periods, while borrowers
were unn-illlng to bM for any but short-time
loans, clearly reflecting the expectation of
eaj-l^r conditions near at hand. February's
record of #-iLi>ort* of merchandise attracted at
tention as going far to explain the recent
heaviness in uterllng exchange. In face of large
demands upon the market and as promising to
tnak* the current fiscal j'ear a record one In
the country* trade.
Buying f>! bonds continued on a large scale
at advancing prices. Total sales, par value,
ss.on.oov.
United States new 4s declined % and the Is
\ in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Fharea Closing
Sold. Stocks— ¦ - Bid.
6.R60 Atchlson 2J>i
21.226 Atchlson prefd 67%
•<*a Baltimore & Ohio «!,
LOCAL MARKETS.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Thomas Terry to James J. Terry, lot on S
line of Green street. 84 :S Wof Polk. W25 by
S 117:6; SI 1 ).
Jacob Schleicher to Katharina Schlelcher. lot
on N line of O'Farrell, street. 100:6 W of Frank
lin. W 53:3 by N 120; gift.
Edward Fey to Louts Friedlander. lot on S
line of Turk street. 137:6 W of Laguna, W 25:3
by S 137:6; $10. -
George and Catherlna Schmitt to Edward
Fey, same, quitclaim deed; $3.
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abble R. and
Martha Wood, executrices) to Florence L.
Jones, lot on N line of Broadway. .62:6 E of
btelner. E 30 by N 127:6; $4350.
Covlngton Johnson and Alexander J. Camp
bell to Gustav Harshall, lot on N line of Pa
cific avenue, 45 W of Broderick street. W 27:6
by N 127 :8 U. quitclaim deed; $10.
Daniel and Ellen El nstern to Robert S. Mar
tin lot on S line of Page street, 87:6 W of
Asnbury, W 25 by S 87:6; $10. - ,
Wllhelmlne Petrowsky to Alfred Jaccl. lot
on N line of O'Farrell street. 517:6 W of
Stelne-. W 22 by N 82:6 (Hamilton square): $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to John
BJork. let on S line of Twenty-first street. 80
Wof No*. W2sby S 100; $600. '
Union Collection Company to Alice L. Cum
mings, all Interest In property described in
Superior Court Action No. 63.774;. also lot on
SE corner of Mission and Twenty-second
streets. S 40 by E 122:6; also lot oh S line of
Twenty-second street. 200 E of Guerrero. E 25
by S 114 (quitclaim deed); $5.
Jacob Schlelcher to Katharina Schlelcher. lot
on N line of Geary street. 137:6 E of Larkln.
E 47 6 by N 137:6; gift.
¦ Hibernta Savings and Loan Society to Mary
J Gould lot on SE line of Natoma street. 193
NE of Second. NE 3) by SE 65; $1600.
F S Wenstnger to Patrick W. Riordan. Ro
man Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco,
lot on SK line of Market street. 275 SW of
Seventh. SW 55 by SE 165; $5.
Michael R. Twomey to Annie V. Twomey
(wife) lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 100 N
of Cement street. N 25 by E 120; *!ft.
The Homestead Union to Richard H.. John
and Charles V. Kavanagh. .re-record 1537 D.
23" lot- on NW corner of A street and Twenty
fifth avenue. N 25. W 101 :0U, 3 to A street.
Charles V. and .Mary A. Kavanagh to Rose
A phebe y A. Hearst to- Elisha Brooks, lot on W
line of First avenue. 242:8 S of Presidio Reser
vation S 30 by W- 120: $10.
John Titus to Julia F. Whitney, lots 475 and
477, K-lft map 3; $10. ' ¦
John J. Hansento Rudolph and Louise Hu
ber lot on E line of Palmer street. 145:6 S of
Falrmount. S 2j>:3. SE 116, N 58. W 82:6. lot
10 block 15. Fairmount: 110. _ -j .
Martha M. Cooper to Alice F. Dillon, lot on
«5W line of Ninth avenue. 225 SE of H street.
SE 37:6 by SW 200, block 190. South Sen Fran
cisco Homestead: $150. ¦•.'¦¦;"¦¦. , „,_
Michael Brady (by H. S. Martin, late Sher
iff) to John J. Cusack. lot on SW line of Sev
enth avenue. 150 SE of M street, SB 50 by SW
100. block 140, Central Park Homestead Associa-
Uon ' Alameda County.
William Patterson to Annie Patterson. lot on
E line of Walnut street, 55.02 N of Virginia, N
100 by E 136:6. being lots 2 and 3. block D. Percy
Tract Berkeley (subject to life estate of first
Pi Same to Henry R. Patterson, lot on E line of
Walnut street. 240 S of Vlne.,S 60 by E 133:7.
being lots 9 and 10 and portion of lots 29 and 30,
block 6. Resubdivislon of portion of T. M. Anti
sell's Map of Villa Lots, Berkeley (subject to
life estate of first party); gift.
¦ Same to Carrie A. Wilson (wife of Henry G),
lot on E line of Shattuck avenue since wid
ened 30 feet on E side, 302 S of Cedar street,
S 50 by E 115.35, being lot 8, block C. , Percy
Tract, Berkeley; also lot on E lm* of Shattuck
avenue as It exists since widened 30 feet on E
side ,252 S of Cedar street. . S 50. E 118. N 50.
W 113.33 to beginning, being lot 9. block C.
same, less portion taken for widening Shat
tuck avenue, subject to life estate of first prop
erty.- Berkeley: gift. , *
Whitney Cornwall to Anna Cornwall, all In
terest in, lot on W line of Regent street. 125 N
of Encinal avenue. N 41 br W 118:10. being lot
4, block 5, Chester Tract. Alameda: $10.
Antoine and Marie Pous to Antonio Campos
trlnl. lot on E line of Bryant street,' 3oo S of
Vine. S 90 by E 124. beinc portions of lots 23
and 30, block E. town of Mission San Jose.
Washlncton Township: $300.
Builders' Contracts.
. Wlnslow Anderson (owner) with Cahlll & Hall
Elevator Co. (contractors), architect Julius E.
Krafft— All work for one electric passenger' ele
vator, and one hydraulic dumb waiter for a
four-story and basement brick and stone office
building on Sllne of Sutter street, 103:9 E of
Larkin. E 53:9 by S 137:6; 12413.
TO SAIL.
SUMMARY -OF THE MARKETS.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
12.000; generally 10@15c lower. Natives— Oood
to prime steers 10c lower at $4 90@5 80; poor
to medium. 10<g20c lower at *4@4 60;: selected
feeders Blow at $4 1004 80; mixed stockers about
steady at $3 So<33 90; cows 10c lower at $304 20:
helfere. $3(54 40; canners. $2 2S©2 90; bulls,
$3*74 15; calves, $4 50i3>7. lower. Texans—Re
ceipts, ; 2300; Texa* fed steers active, s@loc
lower at $3 BS®4 80; Texas bulls a shade lower
at $8 20«rs 70. :.
HOGS— Receipts to-day 29.000; estimated to
morrow, . 29,000; left over, J000; fairly active,
averaging a shade lower; top, J5 03; mixed and
butchers. $4 80@5 02%; good, to choice heavy/
$4 5r.155 05; rough heavy. $4 80@4 90; light, $4 75
©4 98; bulk, of sales. $4 9005. • , '•
SHEEP— Receipts. 18,000; »heep and yearlings
about steady; lambs weak to 15c lower; good
to choice wethers, $3 SOS'S 90; fair to choice
mixed. Is 4 75@5 35; Western sheep,' $5 40<g5 80;
yearlings. $5 40@6 40: native lambs, $5 60®7 25;
western lambs. *6®7 25. .
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON,' March 14.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: ,-•„¦
The market has continued very dull, and
aside from one good-sized sale reported to have
been made by a certain house In the trade there
has been little business transacted. I The man
ufacturers, as a clays, are not disposed to buy
wool, except where they actually need It, and
the condition' of the money market,, which dis
plays a hardening tendency. Is not favorable for
an extended speculative movement in wool.
Prices are practically unchanged, but on most
grades are largely nominal.
¦ The sales of the week In . Boston amounted to
1,724,000 pounds domestic and 183.000 pounds for
eign, making a. total of 1.907,000 pounds, against
a , total of 1,885,000 pounds for the previous
week and a total of 1,871,500 pounds for the cor
responding week last year. • _
! The rales since January 1 amount to 34,408,000
pounds, .against 35.674.000 pounds for the corre
sponding time last year.
London Wool Sales.
. .LONDON. . March 14.— There was a full at
tendance at the wool auction sales to-day and
10,676 bales were offered. The Continent se
cured the bulk of Queensland merinos and the
home trade the majority of New Zealand wools.
A large quantity of crossbreds which were
against buyers went to the* Continent and
America. A fair quantity of Yorkshire ami
Cape of Good Hope and Natal wools .was well
supported by, Germany.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, March 14.— Clearings. »255,162;
balances, $22,589. ; .
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. i
PORTLAND. March 14.— WHEAT— Steady, at
53e for Walla Walla, 52Q53c for Valley and 55®
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 14.— WHEAT— Quiet and
prices unchanged. Blue Stem, 52% c; Club, 50% c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 14.— Consols. 101%; silver.
27 9-16 d; French rentes, 102f. Wheat cargoes oft
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, more
inquiry; cargoes No. 1 standard California,
29s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla, 28s 4%d; English
country markets, firm. ,¦ '¦
LIVERPOOL. March 14.— Wheat firm: wheat
in Paris, quiet: French country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 9-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 Northern spring, firm,
6s l%d. Futures closed quiet; March, 5s 9%d;
May, 6s 9%d; July. 5s S"*d.
CORN— Spot- steady; American mixed, new.
3s ll%d; old. 3s ll%d. Future* quiet; May,
3s 10% d; July, 3s 10% d.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 15, 1900.
¦AUCTION SALEjy
AUCTION, THURSDAY, "&»
CARLOAD OF: DRIVING AND DRAFT
HOP.SES; Without Limit or Reserve, at 11 a m
¦ 2170 MARKET STREET.
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort P-i'.nf
the height of tide »» the same at both places. *
~~~~^ THURSDAY. MARCH 15~
Sun rises '. %;^l
Sun sets • ( : jf
Moon 5et5......... 5:34 a. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of th«» Ud*i
the early morning tides are given In the ie«
hfcnrt column *nd the successive tide* of th»
day In the order nf occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide or
the day. tne third time column the third tl.1»
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occuri. The height!
given are In addition to the icundlngs on tho
United- States Coast Surrey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes tn« height
and then the number given is subtracted from,
the depth given by the charts, plane of
reference Is the mean of the low**?- low waters.
NEW TORK. March 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18,335 barrels; exports, 9646 barrels. Moderately
active and firmly held. Minnesota patents. $3 50
if 3 90; baksrs* patent, 12 Ss@3; winter patents,
{3 65ig3 80; winter straights, $3 45®3 55; winter
extras; $2 60<jf2 90; winter low grades, $2 25@2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts. 53,600 bushels; exports,
133.442 bushels Spot, strong. No. 2 red. 780
elevator; No. 2 red, 80c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern, 79V-C f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard, 80% c
f. o. b. Options opened steady on covering.
Later they sold off under liberal interior re
ceipts, small export dealings, short selling and
light clearances, only to recover In the last
hour on a scare from Europe and general cov
ering. Closed strong %©He net advance.
Match, 76%<g"7%c, closed 77% c; May. T2 11-16.®
73^0. closed. 73% c; July, 73% c; September. 73% c.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Options closed steady at a partial
10 nolnts advance. Total sales, 6750 bags, in
cluding: May. $6 65; June, $6 65; July. $6 70;
August, $6 70; September. $6 75; November,
$6 S3; December. $7; February, $7 15. Spot coffee
—Rio, steady; No. 7. invoice, B'ic; No. 7, Job
bing. B%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 9%c.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 5538 packages. Firm;
WeFtern croamery. 20*9'25c ; factory. 17@20c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7840 packages. Barely steady.
Western at mark, 16%@16%c; Southern at mark,
15%«i16%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
There was an active demand noted to-day for
evaporated apples and the market. ruled firm.
But an offerings were liberal and receipts of
larger volume than had been expected these
factors serve to check any advance in prices.
California dried fruits were quiet and steady.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common,
4%<?fsVic; prime, 6^6'ic; choice, 7@7%c; fancy,
7%©S'iC
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13^15c; Moorpark, 13018 c.
PEACHEa— Peeled. 18@22c; unpeeled, 7%@9c.
Neib York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, March 14.— Price changes and
activity were the features of the metal mar
ket to-day. Although the cables from London
reported declines in both tin and copper the
latter, after prolonged dullness of over three
months here advanced 12% points, said to be
on account of export sales, closing firm at
$16 37%. Pig Iron was very dull. Tin, ruled
firm, closing at ?33. an advance of 25575
points 'over yesterday's decline, the price then
being $32 23iff32 75. -Lead was dull and un
changed at $4 70f?4 75. Spelter was quoted at
$1 60g4'^7%, closing easy at that. The brokers'
price for lead Is $4 45 and for copper $16 50. "
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. March 14.— 1t was rather a quiet
day In the wheat pit. May opened %c , over
yesterday at 66c, helped by the cai«h business
done at Duluth and also .here yesterday. The
market touched 65% c early on profit-taking
but steadied, j Near the end covering by shorts
caused a sharp rally which carried May to
65% c. The close was strong. May %c over
yesterday at 66%e.
The corn market opened firm, but shortly
afterward declined on liquidation. The de
cline was recovered near the end, partly in
fluenced by the bulge in wheat. The cash
demand was fair and on the rally shorts cov
ered. Business was rather quiet the greater
part of the session. May closed firm, %@%c
over yeFterday.
The trade In oats was exceedingly quiet. In
fluenced largely by lessened excitement In
corn. May closed a shade Improved.
Covering of May pork was the feature - of
an otherwise colorless provision market. This
influence caused a bulge early, but as sxm
as the demand was satisfied the market re
ceded to opening figures. The clone was steady.
May pork closed 2%c over yesterday; May lard
unchanged and May ribs 2%c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low/ Close
Wheat No. 3— ......
March 66
May 66 66% 65Ti . 66%
July 66% 67* 66% 67ft
Corn No. 2—
March i... • .... .... ' S«%
May 37% '37% .37% 37%
Ju1y..... 37% ' 37% 37% 37%
September '.'. 38% 38% 38 38%
Oats No. 2—
May •. 23% 23%. 23% . " 23%
July 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl— . .
May lv 95 1115 .10 95 11 02%
July '. 10 80 1110 10 90 10 97Va
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 6 02% 6 07% 6 02% 6 02%
July 6 10 6 15 6 10 6 10
Short Ribe, per 100 lbs —
May 6 02% 606 600 6 02%
July 6 02% 6 07% 6 02% 6 02%
Cash quotations were, as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 61$j66c; No. 2 red,
CB%<f?69c; No. 2 corn. 30%@30«.c; No. 2 ; oats
23%fi23%c: No. 2 white. 26%@28c; No. 8 white,
25%<516%c:N0. 2 rye, 65%{?5G%c; No. 2 barley,
37%®39c; No. 1 flax seed, $160: prime timothy
seed, $2 40; mess pork, per bbl, $10510 97%; lard,
per 100 lbs, $3531g5 97%; short-rib sides (loose),
$5 Ss@<i 10; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%®
6%c: short clear sides (boxed), $6 20@6 85; whis
ky, distillers' finished goods, per sal. $1 24%.
Articles— '..•; . Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels .....168,000 66,000
Wheat, bu5he15............;.... 61,000 68,000
Corn, bushels..... ...... 529, 0C0 -69,000
Oats, bushels '. .536,000- .325.000
Rye, bushels.'....: .....;.. 11.000 . :.. 10,000
Barley, . bu5he15................ 89,000 '/¦'•' . £4,000
On the Produce Kxchange to-day the Butter
market was easy; creamery, 19524 c: dairy, 161P
22c. Cheese, firm, 12® 13c ¦ Eggs, firm; . fresh,
14% c. - ¦ .
Foreign Futures.
Time Ball.
_. - ¦
Branch Hydroeraphlc Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
¦ chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
. March 14. 1900. .
.The time ball on the tcwer of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c c..' at ': noon of the 120 th meridian, or at " S
o'clock p.*m., Greenwich. time.
W*««B*jaiiaF f -:..:C.*0. CALKINS.
. Lieutenant. Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
8
O Time • ! Time jTlmel |T!
E Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. —
• L W H W JL. W H
IT7« 4:50' l.« 11:15 5.1>l 5:00 "Tlf7;
18 ... 5:20 1.3 11:57 4.9 5:27 1.4!..
fi W L W H W |L
17 .. 0:C0 £.2 6:02 1.0 12:35! 4.8 ¦
IS 0:22 5.2: 6:331 O.S 1:201 «.«! t
19 ... 0:« l 5.2! 7:111 0.6! 2:03! 4.4! t
2»> ... 1:12 5.3j 7:3fi[ ».5| 3:03! -l.lj •
•1 ... 1:45| 5,3! 8:46! 0.5 l 4:041 4.01 I
[ \v
u.r,
, vr
« : :-.
•:£
7 •?•
141
: n
'! s
»! 1
; : ?
• 2
: j
Steamer.
From.
Due
Point Arena Point Arena. ] Mar. IS
Oeo. W. Elder. Portland (Mar. 1«
Corona San Dleco IMar. M
Benmohr [Oyster Harbor IMar. 1*
Homer (Portland IMar. l«
Samoa Humboldt |Mar. in
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 13
National City.. Grays Harbor Mar. 17
Crescent City.. Crescent City |Mar. 17
Orizaba ........ Humboldt Mar. IS
Bonlta Newport IMar.lt
Walla Walla... victoria & Puget Sound Mar. H
Mackinaw Seattle IMar. 13
Arcata Cd"os Bay jMar. 13
S. Portland (Vjrster Harbor Mar. 13
Czarina Puget Sound - iMar. 19
North Fork Humboldt ,Mar. 2>)
Pomona San Die** [Mar. 10
State California Portland iMar. II
Colon Panama., IMar. 21
Coos Bay Newport.. iMar. X
Steamer.
I Destination.
I
Satis.
I Pier
• — —
Aloha [Crescent City. IMar. 15. 3 pm'Pler 9
Newburg ..|Orays Harbor] Mar. 15. 6 pm!
City t»(»iclnt;i»:fciiu»*JapaniMar. li. 1 pmIFMSS
North Fork|Humboldt~... Mar. 15. 12 mlPler 1
Orizaba .... Humboldt..... Mar. 15. 2pm Pier 9
Coos Bay... Newport Mar.lt. » ami Pier U
Queen ...... Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 17. 19 am I Pier 9
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 17. 2 pm!Pler I
Corona San Metro 'Mar. IS. 11 am Pier 1!
=amoa |Humboldt [Mar. 18. 10am|P!erl?
O XV Elder Portland iMar. 1». 10 am Pier 2*
Newport ... Panama IMar. 19. 12 m.'PMSS
Bonlta Newport IMar. 29. 9am Pier U
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. Mar. 20. 10am;P!erI3
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 20. WamlPlerU
Marlposa .. Sydney Mar. 21. .pm Pier 7
Pomona .... San Diego Mar. 22. 11 am Pier 11
Walla Wall I Vie & P«rt Bd. Mar. 22. 10 am Pier 9
State of Cal Portland Mar. 24. 10 amlpier :t
Stations—
;ur*-ka
l&d Bluff
iacramento ....
>an Francisco..
•"resno
ndependence ..
-an Luis Oblspc
Angeles ...
ian I-'K-c •
Lest This Laet
24 hours, p-ason. season.
0.00 43.15 26.74
0.00 IS.4J 13.71
0.00 15.57 8.41
0.00 17.02 8.24
0.00 ".02 S.W
O.M 2.16 1.15
, 0.00 14.61 7.15
Trace 5.65 2.98
0.00 J. 12 8.73
.. 0.00 0.76 1.34
Stations—
;ur*-ka
l&d Bluff
iacramento ....
>an Francisco..
•"resno
ndependence ..
-an Luis Oblspc
Angeles ...
ian I-'K-c •
Lest This Laet
24 hours, p-ason. season.
0.00 43.15 26.74
0.00 IS.4J 13.71
0.00 15.57 8.41
0.00 17.02 8.24
0.00 ".02 S.W
O.M 2.16 1.15
, 0.00 14.61 7.15
Trace 5.65 2.98
0.00 J. 12 8.73
.. 0.00 0.76 1.34
O Time • ! Time jTlmel |T!
E Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. —
• L W H W JL. W H
IT7« 4:50' l.« 11:15 5.1>l 5:00 "Tlf7;
18 ... 5:20 1.3 11:57 4.9 5:27 1.4!..
fi W L W H W |L
17 .. 0:C0 £.2 6:02 1.0 12:35! 4.8 ¦
IS 0:22 5.2: 6:331 O.S 1:201 «.«! t
19 ... 0:« l 5.2! 7:111 0.6! 2:03! 4.4! t
2»> ... 1:12 5.3j 7:3fi[ ».5| 3:03! -l.lj •
•1 ... 1:45| 5,3! 8:46! 0.5 l 4:041 4.01 I
[ \v
u.r,
, vr
« : :-.
•:£
7 •?•
141
: n
'! s
»! 1
; : ?
• 2
: j
Steamer.
From.
Due
Point Arena Point Arena. ] Mar. IS
Oeo. W. Elder. Portland (Mar. 1«
Corona San Dleco IMar. M
Benmohr [Oyster Harbor IMar. 1*
Homer (Portland IMar. l«
Samoa Humboldt |Mar. in
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 13
National City.. Grays Harbor Mar. 17
Crescent City.. Crescent City |Mar. 17
Orizaba ........ Humboldt Mar. IS
Bonlta Newport IMar.lt
Walla Walla... victoria & Puget Sound Mar. H
Mackinaw Seattle IMar. 13
Arcata Cd"os Bay jMar. 13
S. Portland (Vjrster Harbor Mar. 13
Czarina Puget Sound - iMar. 19
North Fork Humboldt ,Mar. 2>)
Pomona San Die** [Mar. 10
State California Portland iMar. II
Colon Panama., IMar. 21
Coos Bay Newport.. iMar. X
Steamer.
I Destination.
I
Satis.
I Pier
• — —
Aloha [Crescent City. IMar. 15. 3 pm'Pler 9
Newburg ..|Orays Harbor] Mar. 15. 6 pm!
City t»(»iclnt;i»:fciiu»*JapaniMar. li. 1 pmIFMSS
North Fork|Humboldt~... Mar. 15. 12 mlPler 1
Orizaba .... Humboldt..... Mar. 15. 2pm Pier 9
Coos Bay... Newport Mar.lt. » ami Pier U
Queen ...... Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 17. 19 am I Pier 9
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 17. 2 pm!Pler I
Corona San Metro 'Mar. IS. 11 am Pier 1!
=amoa |Humboldt [Mar. 18. 10am|P!erl?
O XV Elder Portland iMar. 1». 10 am Pier 2*
Newport ... Panama IMar. 19. 12 m.'PMSS
Bonlta Newport IMar. 29. 9am Pier U
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. Mar. 20. 10am;P!erI3
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 20. WamlPlerU
Marlposa .. Sydney Mar. 21. .pm Pier 7
Pomona .... San Diego Mar. 22. 11 am Pier 11
Walla Wall I Vie & P«rt Bd. Mar. 22. 10 am Pier 9
State of Cal Portland Mar. 24. 10 amlpier :tGBAPE-NXJTS.
fsooooc«ocoo«oooeoo©0«g
I Naval Officer •
• says of, •
1 6rape=Nuts j
| Food :
S "It is incomparable." §
"No food that I have ever used has
benefited me like Grape-Nuts. I. have
been a sufferer for several years with
stomach trouble and nervousness; used
almost everything, but with little effect
Grape-Nuts food has certainly reinvig-
orated and strengthened me marvelous-
]y. There is nothing like it; it is in-
comparable. I write this without solici-
tation on your part, but from a sense of
duty. Very truly yours, Frank J. Devil-
biss, office of the Naval Officer of Cus-
toms, Baltimore, Md."
TURNED ON GAS
AND GOT IN TO A
BATHTUB TO DIE
Nineteen-Year-OldGirl Tries
to Commit Suicide,
but Fails.
Under a Sudden Impulse Due to Ex
treme Hysteria Erna Rohrbacher
Seeks Death by Suf
/> focation.
¦-•'¦>:>¦' •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 14.
While suffering from a lit . of extreme
hysteria,. Erna Rohrbacher; nineteen years
old, residing at 1034 Seventh street,
turned on the gas in the bathroom • and
threw herself !nto the tub this afternoon,
and when found by members of the fam
ily she was unconscious. The sucidal deed
was the result of a sudden Impulse fol
lowing a quarrel.
Physician* were hastily summoned and
by prompt treatment the young wo.nan'a
life was saved. Dr. H. S. Kergan and Dr,
W. W. Kergan attended Miss Rohrbachcr,
and she was reported to-night as out ot
danger.
During the day the young woman had
some differences with her mother over
what were said to be merely trivial fam
ily matters. But the dispute worried the
girl Into a very nervous condition, and
while wrought up to a high pitch of men
tal excitement she suddenly made up her
mind to end her life.
Without warning the. girl went to. the
bathroom and after turning on the gas
got into the tub and prepared to die. That
she was not deliberate in her plans was
evident from the fact that she made no
attempt to close any apertures or crev
ices in the room. The gas was flowing for
some time before the odor of it attracted
attention from those in other parts of the
house. She did not even take the precau
tion to lock the bathroom door and the
search made for the leaking gas led to the
discovery of the unconscious girl In the
bathtub.
After she had been restored to hersenses
the physicians gave her treatent for hys
teria from which she was suffering seri
ously. Members of the family. refused to
discuss the causes of the quarrel which
led the young woman's attempt on her
life. It was said that she was subject to
severe nervous spells at. times.
Miss Rohrbacher is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. A. Rohrbacher. . ¦
TREATMENT TOO
SEVERE FOR HIS
MENTAL HEALTH
Antone Sylvia Takes Strong
Drugs and Becomes
Insane.
His Physician, Who Conducts a
Chicken Ranch, Convicted of
Practicing Medicine With-*
out Proper Certificate.
OAKLAND, March 14.— Antone Sylvia,
a young rancher near Niles, was com
mitted to the Stockton Insane Asylum on
Friday last as violently Insane on the
recommendation of Drs. Theodore Olm
sted and C. L. Tisdale, acting as lunacy
commissioners. The examining physicians
at that time were unable to discover any
cause for Sylvia's mental derangement.
J. 8. Derosa, known by the title of
"doctor," was brought to the County Jail
this evening under sentence of thirty days
for having prescribed as a physican for
Sylvia when he had no license to practice
medicine.
"Dr." Derosa pleaded guilty in Center
ville to-day to a charge of having vio
lated the State law which prohibits per
sons practicing medicine without having
lirst obtained a certificate from the Board
of Medical Kxaminers..
From "Dr." Derosa's own statement is
is learned that on Sunday, March 4, Sylvia
called on him at his home in Decoto, com
plaining of some skin eruption and stom
ach trouble. Derosa diagnosed his case
as leprosy and gave him several prescrip
tions of the most violent emetics and
purgatives, including pulsatllla and aloes
powders. The druggist who tilled these pre
scriptions asked Sylvia what they were in
tended lor, and he said they were to be
used as "horse medicine."
Exact information as to what was con
tained in these prescriptions Is so Indefi
nite that an opinion can hardy be based
upon it until the prescriptions themselves
can be seen.
Derosa ta.lks about drugs, but with little
idea as to their names or action. He is a
Portuguese, 41 years old, and when ques
tioned at the County Jail to-night frankly
admitted that he had practiced without
a license, but feigned total ignorance as
to what had become of his patient.
"I have been prescribing for the Portu
guese in Decoto and Niles for the pasi
two years." he said in very broken - ng
lish. "and Sunday a week ago Sylvia
called at my chicken ranch saying he' hud
some skin disease. I diagnosed the case
as one of the first stages of leprosy. I
gave him several prescriptions, a 'cathar
tic-emetic.' some purgatives, some pui
satilla for the blood, and after that I pre
scribed two ounces of aloes powders to be
put in a bottle of white or port wine, to be
drunk daily.
"I did not know anything except that I
was arrested, and when the Judge asked
me if I practiced with no license I said
'Yes.' and he said I should pay $50 or go
to jail thirty days. I don't know what be
came of Sylvia."
When asked about this development In
Antone Sylvia's case. Dr. Olmsted, who
acted as lunacy commissioner, said to
night:
"Dr. Tisdale and myself conducted .1
most thorough examination into Sylvia's
insanity. We sifted Into the family his
tory for some trace of mental aberration,
but could find none, and although the man
was violently insane and refused to par
take of any nourishment, we were abso
lutely at a loss to ascertain any cause.
"If It Is true that he was given a violent
treatment of the purgatives and emetics
continuously for" a week, there ts little
wonder that Sylvia refused to eat. Such
a treatment would result in a condition of
starvation, which in turn might terminate
in insanity. We can cite many instances
of where shipwrecked sailors. were foun-1
violently insane through starvation."
The authorities will Investigate the mat
ter.
f EEEI CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Yea
University Happenings.
BERKELEY, March 14.— The committee
on arrangements for the Bourdon burial
of the freshman class met this afternoon.
The proposition to do away with Bour
don altogether this year and subscribe the
fund to the track team was disapproved.
Many of the class proposed that as there
was no real Mlnto or Bourdon used in the
University of California there should be
no burial. Bourdon will be held some time
during the latter part of April.
Professor C. C. Plehn of the University
of California delivered the first address -if
the series on the commerce of the Pacitlc
His topic was "The Industrial Revolution
In China." The effect of the introduction
of machinery, into China to-day Is anal
ogous, he showed, with the changes In
duced by mechanical Innovations of Eng
land and Europe during the period of their
industrial awakening.
THEATER AND BANK
FOR WEST BERKELEY
BERKELEY. March 14.— At a meeting
of the West Berkeley Improvement Club
in Sisterna Hall last night it was decided
to make arrangements for the purchase
of a let at the corner of University ave
nue and Ninth street, 130 by 130 feet for
$2000. It is proposed to ert-ct a theater and
bank building on the property if- enough
money can be raised. There is no hBll or
building in West Berkeley suitable for a
theater and place for amusement.
DUBLIN'S RELUCTANT
WELCOME TO VICTORIA
DUBLIN, March 14.— At a meeting of
the Corporation this afternoon the Lord
Mayor moved that an address be pre
sented to the Queen welcoming her to the
capital city;- of her kingdom : of , lreland.
His speech was frequently interrupted. by
the occupants of the public gallery. . •
Alderman Meade, in the midst of hostile
demonstrations from the gallery, seconded
the motion. ; ' .
Timothy Harrington, M. P., protested
against' the resolution. . ¦ .
After repeated scenes and uproars, dur
ing which the Lord Mayor -threatened to
clear =the gallery, 1 an - amendment was
moved to ; the proposed address, but • the
Lord Mayor ruled It out of order. • .;
-. A division on the Lord Mayor's motion
was -taken amid much excitement, the oc
cupants of the gallery, groaning at every
one supporting the motion and cheering
its ¦ opponents. The • resolution was 'car
ried by a majority of eight.
.-¦. William Redmond announces . that he
will resign his seat In the Council as the
result of the passage of the resolutions to
present an address of welcome to .the
Queen. . -.* .-„- . •¦- _;.¦'..¦.--..
Remembered Sisters in His Will.
OAKLAND,* March 14.— After bequeath
ing $1900 to ¦ each of his four ¦ sisters back
in Michigan and $500 to each !¦ of : his two
brothers, John ( Perkins Rellay, who ' died
in this city January 11 last, leaves the
residue of his J30.000 i estate to his . tww
daughters. Mabel Stewart Kellogg ana
•Louella May, Reilay, who to-day filed the
will for probate. The Instrument la dated
February 9, 1893. :,The brothers and sisters
named as devisees are Miriam,' Sarah M.
Louise W. and Mary C. Rellay of Michi
gan, William' T. Reilay, of : Kansas City
and Frederick W. . Reilay :of Lansing.
Mloti^"';' ¦ ' - ' ¦ . -
¦ Monthly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg
Tl» Mexican ports. Centra!, Sooth America, etc
S. 8. HITHOB SAILS ABOGT.XAP.ca 21
' >£ 5Tr-tr»>»H OSt».m Jlarkrt Bt,iU. rr..rl^.
Failed to Pay His Fine.
BERKELEY, March 14.— George Fc>d
derwiir. of the firm of D. H. Bruas &. Co.,
r.as arrested by Marshal Lloyd this morn
ing for failure to pay the fine of 12.V) »m-
I>oBf*d upon him last October by Judge
Hall for violating the Berkeley liquor
laws.
Funeral of F. J. Kane.
OAKLAND. March 14.— The funeral of
the late Frank J. Kane was held to-day
from oi. Francis de Sales Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass was chanted
for tne repose of his soul. Rev. Father
McSweeney officiated as celebrant. The
lntprmcntwas at Bt. Aiary's cemetory. The
pall bearers were J. J. Cadogan. Edward
Florence, Emil Perata, William Neufladin,
John Morgan, Charles Mautaien and J. J.
Hannifin.
HIGHWAYMAN SAID
HE WAS ONLY JOKING
When Recognized by. the Driver He
Unmasked and Let the Stage
Proceed on Its Way.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN ANDREAS, March 14»— An attempt
waa.made on Monday to hold up the San
Andreas and Mokelumne Hill stage, car
rying the United States malls and Wells,
Fargo & Co.'s express. ;The driver was
William Colton and there are some pecu
liar circumstances surrounding the inci
dent. The attempt was made in ¦ broad
daylight. 'Just as the driver was ascend
ing a hill about midway between San An
dreas and Mokelumne. At a point of
vantage a masked man, gun in hand,
jumped out from some brush in the road
in front of the horses. With the gun In
his face the driver thought he recognized
tho form and said: "Moro, take that
handkerchief off your face."' The masked
man, however, -still preserved his posi
tion with the gun poised, and for the sec
ond time the driver, who was unarmed,
said: "Take off that handkerchief; that's
you, Moro, I know you."
Tho would-be stage robber then walked
to tho side of the stage, next to the hind
wheel and removed his mask. He proved
to be Peter Moro. a man . about 25 years
old, whose reputation is none of the best.
His pretensions of jocularity to the driver
are not accepted and the mail and ex
press people do not intend .to receive
them. The matter did not become public
until to-day, and meantime Moro has
made his escape, having passed through
Angels to-day. It is understood that a
warrant will be issued for his arrest to
morrow. -
Moro bad a shooting scrape with one
Fritz Shied a few years ago. In. which
both were badly wounded, and has posed
as a bad man ever since and all who have
known him regard him as an embryo stage
robber. -Driver 'Colton said - to-night:
'.'That •he went there- to ¦ hold 1 me, up. I
have no doubt, but . when I recognized
him he got cold feet. But he'll be after
some other of the boys later on.";
ABJOHN HOUSE FIRED
BY AN INCENDIARY
ALAMEDA, March 14.— The old ; house
formerly occupied ' by .the Abjohn family
at 1326 Broadway,' was 'fired by an incen
diary . last | night. . ; It ( has ( not j been (occu
piedfor more than a month and is isolat
ed.- Chief Kraiith of the Fire Department
Is of the opinion that some miscreant ma
liciously set fire to a lotof bedding in tha
basement, jfor the fun i of seeing a blaze
and calling out the department.^. Two men
were seen 'running away • from ' the « scene
of the fire by. Mrs.- D.* G. Alexander of 1240
Broadway, 1 put i she could , not: identify
Officers Elected.
LOS ANGELES. March 14.— The second
annual session of the Grand Council of
California of the Royal Arcanum closed
this afternoon, after transacting much
business of importance to the order. The
following officers were elected and com
mittees appointed for. the ensuing term:
L. A. Spencer, grand regent, Oakland; J.
K. Hawk, grand vice regent, Los An
geles; Sam J. Chappel, past grand regent,
Los Angeles: G. Gunzendorfer, orator, San
Francisco; G. L. Davidson, secretary, Los
Angeles; E. P. Fuller, treasurer. Los An
geles; Dr. W. W. Strader. chaplain, Sac
ramento: D. R. Clayton, guide. San Pedro:
W. D. Clark, warden. Riverside; Fred
Thomas, sentry, Los Angeles: Thomas
Casey, trustee, Los Angeles. The next
seselon will be held in Los Angeles on >the
second Tuesday of March, 1901.
FOUND SENSELESS
ON THE ROADSIDE
]Ylarin County Authorities Believe
Joe Roux Was a Victim of
Foul Play.
Special Dlrpatch to The Call
SAUSAI^ITO. March 14.— A cloud of
mystery surrounds the discovery of the
senseless body of Joe Roux, a French
cook, on the road near Waldo Point last
week, and people here are in doubt as to
whether Roux is the victim of a cowardly
assault or if his condition is the result of
natural causes. Roux was seen to step
off the train at Waldo Point last Thurs
day afternoon. Some hours later a Portu
guese randier found the man lying face
downward in the road between the depot
and the Villa dcs Rosier?, unable to move
or speak. He brought Roux into town
with him, and till this morning, when
John Signeau. owner of a cafe on Bush
street and Grant avenue, San Francisco,
took Roux over to the French Hospital
he has lain in a comatose condition In a
hotel owned by Adam Marshall.
Roux is a great friend of A. Loyez, pro
prieor of the Villa dcs Rosiers at Waldo
Point, and must have met his accident
while on the way to visit him. Loyez is
at a loss to account for the fate which
has overtaken his friend. Roux is, ac
cording to Loyez, a peaceable man, not
the kind to make enemies, and yet several
people of this place express their belief
that Roux's condition was induced by a
blow from a sandbag on the back of the
hrad. If this be so the motive must have
been one of revenge, for $10 In coin and a
gold watch were in Roux's possession
when found. There was also In his pocket
a card with the address "Laurlston Hotel,
room 49, third lloor," written In pencil
on it.
Dr. Mays is at a loss to account for the
man's condition, but does not take much
stock in the violence theory. He' believes
Roux to be the victim of an apoplectic fit
induced by hard drinking. The chances
for Roux's recovery are, according to the
physician, very slim, as the man is com
pletely paralyzed, being unable to move
hand or foot or to* speak. While there are
no marks of violence on the man except a
slight discoloration on the back of the
neck, his condition is analogous to that in
which a victim of sandbag would be, and
the local authorities are still searching for
a clew which will throw some light on the
mystery. L.oyez states that Roux comes
from Portland, that he is single and worth
a considerable amount of money. He had
never heard- of any difficulty between
Roux and any one, but said there might
be one, as he had seen very little of his
friend for some time past. Roux sold a
Bush-street cafe recently, for $2500.
PREPARING FOR THE FAIR.
Exhibitions of Belgian Hares and
y Dogs Will Be New Features.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
* SACRAMENTO, March 14.— The '¦¦ State
Board of Agriculture met to-day and at
tended to various matters bearing upon
the State Fair of September next. Secre
tary Peter J. Shields was authorized to
arrange for a show of fine bred dogs at
the Pavilion. Similar action was , taken
with respect to Belgian hares. '/
The State Dairy Convention will be held
in Sacramento during the. Fair and it' is
expected that ex-Governor Hoard of Wis
consin will address the convention and
will Judge the dairy products. ¦ Samuel E
Watson was selected as superintendent of
this department and Professor ' Withy
comb as expert cattle Judge. The subject
of reclaying the Agricultural Park was re
submltted to a committee. A bid for the
work had been. presented by James Tou
hey of - Sacramento, for $2460 and a recom
mendation had been made that it be ac
cepted. . . - . .'¦_. \ ~,v \~
Intercollegiate Debate.
Fjwclal Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March li
lt'has, finally been 1 settled that the an
nual intercollegiate debate, which takes'
place in April, will be held In San Fran
cisco' this year. The Stanford debating
committee urged very strongly that the
contest be held at one of the universities
but In. the face of vigorous opposition
from Berkeley yielded the point- at least :
for this" year. The date has not yet been
decided, but It. will probably, be -on the
evening of one of the intercollegiate base-
LAST CONCERT
OF THE SEASON
THE last concert given by Mme. Gad
ski, Mr. Bispham and Mr. Damrosch
was listened to and applauded yes
terday by a large and fashionable
audience, such an audience as should
have turned out for the other and
more Important concerts, of the season.
The programme was miscellaneous and
the items about equally divided between
Mme. Gadski and Mr. Bispham. The lat
ter sang "Non plu Andrai" from 'The
Marriage of Figaro," 'and "Creation's
Hymn" of Beethoven with all the gift and
culture that is his, and so magical wa3 his
rendering of the latter number that he re
sponded to appropriate applause with
"When I Was a Page" from "FalstatT.''
His singing of. this encore was positively
tantalizing in the desire it created to hear
him In some other excerpts from the
Italian. He aang; it with brilliancy and
finish.
Mme. Gadski was heard to the best ad
vantage- in her first number, Agatha'j
Aria from "Frelchutz," a beautiful song
which. nowadays we are not often permit
ted to hear sung by such a great artist
as Gadski. In the "Spinning Chorus"
from "The Flying Dutchman," and also
in the duet with Mr. Bispham from the
same opera, Mme. Gadski reinforced the
good impression she has. made upon us.
I must again :say that the insecurity of
her attack which was noticeable last
year has practically vanished, and her
intonation, her voice. In fact, has acquired
both firmness and fullness.
Mme. Gadski's voice is of the purest
soprano quality. She Is the true type of
the dramatic soprano, a classification that
has come to have a dishonest slgniiicance
In its application to "mezzos." Her dra
matic effectiveness, her judicious accent
and modulation, have a purpose born of
intelligence and temperament, and the
more one hears of her singing the more
one enjoys it.
In a cluster of songs by Damrosch,
Franz, Schumann and Schubert Mme.
Gadski hhuk with charm but without spell
or sympathy. Such songs as the "Dfch
terliebe ' and "Dv Bist Die Ruh" are cer
tainly not her forte, and while they were
given with superior care they were not
entitled to the extravagant applause with
which they were greeted.
Mr. Bispham sang three old English
songs delightfully, "The Pretty Creature"
gaining for him unstinted approbation. I
have not been at all moderate in my praise
of this singer, whom I have regarded from
the first as the most important artist of
the group, and this without taking any
thing away from the worth of Mme.
Gadski, which I have recogntzed, nor
from the merit of Mr. Damrosch, which I
have preached; but at the last moment
Mr. Bispham disappointed me grievously.
There were two numbers on last night's
programme which should not have been
there; they were composed by Mr. Dam
rosch and sung by Mr. Bispham. "Man
delay" and "Danny Deever" were the
songs in question and save for some show
of intention in the harmony and well
made accompaniments the compositions
are utterly without value and Mr. Bls
pham's art Is thrown away in their ren
dering.
Aside from the aforesaid "intention" in
the musical treatment/the character of
the airs and that of the words is absurdly
incongruous. "Danny Deever" took the
audience with a gust, but I am not sur
prised that on a certain occasion Mr. Kip
ling left the theater when this composi
tion of Mr. Damrosch was turned loose.
Mr.' Bispham, I regret to say, made an
other bid to crass popularity and lessened
his artistic stature considerably with a
negro dialect song •by Paul Lawrence
Dunbar — and Mr. Damrosch. ¦
"Dich Theuse Halle," from "Tann
hauser," by Mme. Gadski, and the quartet
from "Die Meisterslnger," in which Miss
Decker, Mr.' Williams and Mr. Brown as
sisted capably, mended matters and
brought 'the last concert of a most enjoy
able season to a close.
PORTER GARNBTT.
FUSIONISTS
ARE EAGER TO
GREET BRYAN
His Coming Stirs Up Consid"
erable Excitement in
the North.
Much Difference of Opinion as to
Whether It Would Be Better to
Have Him Speak Before or
After Local Elections.
>
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, March 14.— Probably nothing
else in the world could have raised such
a hubbub in fusion circles as the coming
of William J. Bryan has done. When it
was announced that he would speak here
April 3 many fusionists declared that the
date should be changed to April 2, that he
might thus speak here the night before
the municipal election. It is their belief
that his speech would help the fusion
cause. Others, Including A. V. Fawcett,
candidate for Mayor, do not want to mix
national with local politics for fear ot
scaring off some Republican votea which
they hope will come to Fawcett.
In t'ae meantime Colonel Blethen of Se
attle had partly arranged that Mr. Bryan
should speak here on April 2 and at Se
attle on April 3. To-night there is a gen
eral disposition among fusionists to de
clare both propositions off and have Mr.
Bryan speak here on April 4 instead. They
admit that they foresee a Republican vic
tory and for Bryan's' sake do not want
the story to go out that a sweeping Re
publican success immediately* followed
his address here. The whole situation
was placed before Senator Turner by wire
this afternoon with the request that Mr.
Bryan's visit be postponed to April 4.
There now arises the question of where
the Bryan meetings shall be held. The
Tacoma and Lyceum theaters have been
engaged, but it is greatly desired to have
one big meeting instead of two small me*.
A proposition is under consideration to
erect a wigwam that will seat 10.1)00 people
between now and April 4. .This- matter
was brought up at a meeting of the Cham
ber of Commerce to-night. .Governor Rog
ers will preside over the Tacoma meeting.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Big Traction Engine and Train Built in San Leandro.
SBCK HEAOAOHI
Potttixely cored bytheflO
.Little Pills.
They also rtlieve Distress from Dyspepjt^
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. Apezw
feet remtdy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowcb. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. 6mail Dose*
\ Small Price./
THE SAN TRAXeiSCO CALL,, THURSDAY, MARCH 15, 1900.
CLARENCE A. WEBSTER,
THE ARTIST, IS DEAD
«7vP LAM EDA. March 14.— 1n his lifetime Clarence A. Webster, the well
/L-l\ known artist, whose death occurred to-day, often expressed a desire
jj to be buried in a quiet spot near the home of Joaquin Miller on the
heights above Laundry farm. He to an intimate friend of the poet
and frequently his guest, and upon these visits the artist's eye caught the
beauties of the panorama spread before him, and it was his ambition to trans
fer it to canvas.
Mr. Webster's health of late had been poor. He anticipated that death
would soon overtake him, and talked about his fears with his poet friend,
telling him of his wish to be buried' on the heights. Mr. Miller acquiesced,
and to-morrow the remains will be taken there for interment. The funeral
will be held from the late residence, 3127 Central avenue, at 2 o'clock. Rev
George R. Dodson of the Unitarian church will officiate.
The remains nf two of Joaquin Miller's friends are already Interred on his
place, and he has prepared a monument for his nwn grave. ' It consists of a
number of large bowlders piled several feet in height and flattened upon the
top.
Mr. Webster had been engaged in 'newppaper work all his life. He was a
graduate of the irniversity of Michigan. He early developed talent as a
writer and was successively employed with the St. Paul Free Press, Detroit
Tim^s, Pittsburg Dispatch and Chicago Inter Ocean. His artistic career com-
Ynenced with the Pittsburg Dispatch. In 1534 he came to California and located
in San Francisco, and was connected with the Post until his death.
Deceased leaves a widow, Mrs. Evalyn Webster; an aged mother, Mrs
Josephine Webster, and three children— Clarence, Josephine and Osborii. lie
was n native of New York, 41 years of age.
BLOODHOUND
FERRETS OUT A
MAN'S CRIME
CONTEST OPENS
OVER A LARGE
DEED OF TRUST
Wealthy Haywards Rancher
Is Held for Grand
Larceny.
Fraud Charged in the Affairs
of a Bankrupt Firm of
Builders.
Dog- Discovered Hoofs of May's Stolen
Calf and Chris Spreen Is Held
to Answer Before Superior
Court.
Attack Made Upon the Conveyances
of Marcuse & Remmel to the
Puget Sound Lumber
Company.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March 14.
Chris Spreen. a well-to-do rancher near
Ilaywards, has been bound over to the Su
perior Court to answer to a charge of
grand larceny on the strength of evidence
discovered by a bloodhound belonging to
his accuser, Louis May.
The two men own adjoining farms and
bad blood has existed between them for
come months. About three weeks ago
May missed an eight-month-old calf from
his herd. He immediately suspected his
wealthy neighbor, who, he claims, had
previously poisoned one of his cows and
one of his most valuable dogs. May
frearchf-d everywhere within a radius of
half a mile, even to the wooded foothills,
but ail to no avail.
As a final resource May put one of his
thoroughbred bloodhounds out on the
trail to ferret out the mysterious disap
pearance of the calf. The hound proved
vastly more successful than his master,
for within an hour the detailed canine re
turned, clinching between its teeth the
hoofs and Jaw bone of the missing calf.
The hound had unearthed them from a
small mound scarcely two hundred feet
distant from Spreen's ranch.
Elated over this clew May conducted an
Investigation and learned that the car
cass of hl>" calf had been sold to a local
butcher, and he proposes to show at the
trial in tne Superior Court that Spreen
vks the seller.
Such was in brief the gist of the testi
mony given at Spreen's preliminary hear
ing in Justice Pimental's court at Hay
ward. 1 ' to-day, and on its strength Justice
Quinn. who acted for Judge Plmental.
held Spreen to answer. His bonds were
fixed In the sum of $500.
t
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 14.
Contest has been begun over the busi
ness affairs of Marcuse & Remmel, the
Alameda contracting firm, which was de
clared bankrupt a month ago, with debts
of nearly JIM.uOO. Attack has been made
upon a deed of trust given to the Puget
Sound Lumber Company for 530.725, and
William F. Kroll, the trustee appointed
by the United States District Court, has
asked permission from the court to sue
the company and George \V, Fisher, man
ager, to set aside ;he trust deed and to
prevent the sale of any of the property
until the validity of the deed in deter
mined.
The petition charges fraud On the part
of the alleged insolvent Jinn and recites
that the deed of trust was made when tht
members of the tirm knew they were in
solvent, and that the condition" of affairs
was also known to the lumber company
T^ie linn showed in Its petition in Insol
vency that It owed $i:«,S5<) and that the
estimated value of securities pledged on
the debts was J197,&y3, leaving an cquitv
are $C7(J2' Th 6 un£ecured debts of the tlrrn
The Puget Sound Lumber Comnanv's
claim Is 127.0C8. This is secured bythe
trust deed, which Is dated October 25 I*3B
but which was not recorded until I>ece"m'
ber 27, 1599, or less than sixty days befdre
the firm went into insolvency.
The charge is made that the deed Is an
unlawful preference. The trustee also de
clares that the claim of the Puget Sound
Lumber Company is not $27,000. but that
the indebtedness is a much smaller
amount.
The trustee Fay?: "If the trust deed
was executed when It purports to have
been the company by withholding it from
record induced the other creditors of the
bankrupt to give them credit, which they
would not otherwii** have given "
It is also pet forth that during the whole
time since the execution of the deed the
bankrupts have had the control of the
property, using the same in their own
name with the knowledge and consent of
the lumber company and its manager
and that the other creditors were induced"
to believe and had no reason to suppose
that the incumbrance existed. Hence It is
charged that credit was extended ''which
would not have been given had the deed
been put on record at the time of Its al
leged execution.
Further, the trustee says that after
Marcuse & Remmel had been declared
bankrupts, the lumber company sold the
interest of the bankrupts in the property
the company held for $1100. It is alleged
that the value of the property is largely
in excess of the indebtedness due the Pu
get Sound Lumber Company.
Trustee Kroll also asks for an injunc
tion against all the secured creditor-,
numbering forty-three, to prevent them
from foreclosing any mortgages until the
bankruptcy proceedings have been closed.
The attorneys for the trustee are Reed
& Nupbaumer and B. 11. Griffins of Oak
land.
ADVEBTI3ZTWENT3.
| An aristocratic . bey- H
HI erage at a popular I
HI 50 cup 5....... 30 cts I
HI INo one Is too rich to use it— for E
Hll there is no other quite as good. D
Ml] No one is too poor — for it is the E
¦11 "IT BEATS THE DUTCH." I
9 1 D. GHIRARDELLI CO., S. F. B
visit OR. JORDAN'S c.t.T*
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*)
g% 1J51 103Z27 ~. ta. 6-isr.i, STU. i
The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
W'onJ. We»k»«s» or uy fontneted m
He Bk diseatc p*«»«»»»l r »»r«a by the ol.i»t V
fj3S| Spee«:iu cv Uw Ctui. Eit. jfi years 9
afff I OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 0
iMnl C<mvjlt»tk>n frre md strictly priirire \
I jjifj Ti» irment pr«ona!ly or by lett-r. A A
¦WQ| 9 iVnti An >n «cry urn undertaken. \
mi ll* Write for O.vjk, JPB «1.0«kO«-a *' «f A
1 I - ¦*»•*•*•**:. MAILED FKXE. tA f
A £J, raluabla book for mm) j,
OH. JOBDAS A CO.. 1061 Market St.. B. F. V
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
Ih. wharf. San Francisco:
Yflk, Kcr Alaskan ports. 10 a. in..
MKJBrW Mar. 12. 17. 22. 27. Apr. L
Maa^JgM^ Change to company's steamers
fnSMXaI For Victoria. Vancouver <B.
C2dSi c - ) - Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^^^lHaFSM Tacoma, Kvsrett. Anaoorte*
and New Whatcom <\Vash.).
18 a. m.. Mar. IJ. 17, M. 27.
Apr. i, and every fifth day thereafter: change
at Seattle to thla compuny's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C- P. Ry.
For Eureka aiumboldt Bay), t p. m.. Mar.
10, 15. 20. 25, *>. Apr. 4. and every fifth day
thereafter. , _
Fcr Santa Cmi. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Lais Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro <Los Angeles) and Newport, 9
a. m.. Mar. 12, 1«. 20, U. 23. April 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San- Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), II a. m..
Mar. 10. 14. 18. 22. 26. 30. Apr. 3. and every
fourth day thereafter. ' .
For Ensenada. Magrialena Bay. San Jon« del
Cabo. Ma*atlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ronalln
and Guaymas (Met.). 10 a. in.. Mar. 8. and 7th
of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain company's
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without prevlou* notice.
TICHKT OKFIUK — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). -
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agts..
If) Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From £x>ear-ftreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE il2 F |rst clas3 IncJudla? Berth
rMIsL $3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
March 14, 14. April 3
COLUMBIA sails March ». 19. 29. April 1
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
.': -¦¦¦ 830 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents.
LINE.
Hl ? TOaS. SOCTBAX7TO". LOHDO9. PAHIJL
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul March 14ISt. Paul April 4
Kensington ...March Ill St. Louis Aprtl 11
New York March ISINew York April 13
RED STA* LINE.
New Yor|c arjd Antwerp.
Frctn New Yerk every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Westernland ..March MlFriesland April «
Kenclngton ...March 21 Southwark April 11
Noordland ....March 2SI Wenternland ...April 13
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St Micrjael. Oawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIOATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brar.nan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calltns; at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on Jay
of sailing.
HONGKONO MARU Saturday. March SI
NIPPON MARU.. Wednes<day. Anrtl Zi
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May 1»
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's oSce.
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Pea M m *• ¦ m The S. S. Martpcsi
ntElfl|ir *alls via Honolulu and
•t"****^' Auckland fcr Sydney
M ™ -—^ . Wednesday, March 21.
&»S\r\ at S p. m.
CyiCfllllJlljy gatls for Honolulu
(OiilDflfZy* Wednesday. April *.
Farorlte line around the world via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Sue*.
England, etc.: JSIB first class.
L 0. SPHtCXELS & CBOS.CO.. Art*.. !I4 Montgomery
Ptor 7. Foot Pacific St. FreisMofflee.327«BarketSt
COXPA99II 6XNSHALE THASBATLASTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. -*-O;». .
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <wUijL!>
Saturday, from November 2. 1539, at *'*'•*
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North Rtver.- foot of
Morton st.: L'AQUITAINE. March 15: La
GASCOONE. March 22; LA TOURAINE. March
29; LA BRETAGNE. April S. First clas« to
Havre, $60 and upward: & per cent reduction
on round trio. Second class to Havre. 543; 5
per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, SJ Broadway (Hudson buiMlnj). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. -Pacific Coast
A rents. S Montgomery ay«.. Ban Franclseo.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW TORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURO.
Also New York- Hamhurs: Direct.
For sailing, etc.. tippiy to
HAMBURO-AMERICAN LINE. !7 B'dw'y. NT.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co.'s passengers on application.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Asts. for PaciHc Coast,
401 California *t.. cor. Sansome. S. F. aaMM
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "MontlceUo.**
MOX.. Tuea.. Wed.. Thurs. 1 and Sat. at >:«
a. m.; 3:15, S:3O p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlsht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. m. 1 Landlns and office.' MUHlon-gtreet Dock.
Pier No. t 'Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50q
9
SHIPS TRACTION ENGINES
TO MINES OF SIBERIA
3 AN\ LEANDRO, March 14. — Ono of the largest and certainly the most important shipment that has left San Lean- ',
dro was sent out to-day In half a dozen cars over the Santa Fe system for the wilds of Siberlal The shipment con
sisted of two of the' largest traction engines in the world and eight steel carriages for use In the mining district ;
of that country, made by the Daniel Best Manufacturing Company of this place.
Not the least remarkable feature of this shipment 'is that it will be sent over 20,000 miles in order to reach a point '
that is but 5000 miles from here if the most direct route was taken. The point where the engines will be used is Reval, In
Eastern Siberia. Were the most direct route to be taken they would have been sent across the Pacific Ocean, but owing '
to the desert and rocky character of the country they will be shipped first to New York, by steamer to Paris, thence to ,
St. Petersburg and then by the great trans-Siberian Railway to Reval.
The machines were ordered from the Daniel Best Manufacturing Company by James Detrick, who has same valua- ,
ble mining concessions in that far-distant land. Each engine is fifty horsepower, and the capacity of each wagon is
twelve tons. Henry Cappeler, an expert machinist, goes with the shipment in order to set them up and superintend their
operation. . '
It has been found very difficult to maintain stock In Siberia. The cost is great and the climatic conditions are un
favorable. In order to do away with the great expense, attached to hauling by animal power Mr. Detrick determined to
resort to traction engines and placed his first order with the Best Company. This is only the first shipment of a large
number that will b© sent to that region. The people of San Leandro consider that it is a great compliment to their town
that Siberian operators should send here and be willing to ship* the engines four-fifths of the way around the world in :
order to get them. 'WANTED— Good ; starch girls ' at . 790 ' Bllxabeth
st," bet* Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth.
WANTED— Two painters. 410 Fifth rt
DRIVER" for milk wagon . at 816 Treat aye.;
¦;¦• German '.or. Scandinavian -preferred. *W'-;-:--:
.WANTED — Boy to drive butcher. wagon. Apply
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework;
wages $10. '1102%; Eddy st. ¦ ¦
YOUNG girl ' to help care for baby; references
' required. Call 112 Treat aye.: -
WANTED — Strong young man as porter; must
not be afraid of hard work. , RAPHAEL'S. "
COATMAKER for • country. .-Apply REISS
COO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
.price.- 562 Mission St., bet.- Ist and 2d sts. -
WANTED— A ' good . waiter; also • boy 15 or " 18
.years old: restaurant', 236 Townsend -st ,
WANTED-First-class ladles' tailor; . highest
.wages. FRANCES, 796 Sutter st. ...
MEDICAL.
DRS, GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, re.turned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable) cure in one
-"day;* 15 years' successful ¦ practice In S. F.;
maternity home; low fees. 1007% Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles" specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S.F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; . treatment can b« used at
home; consultation free; success guaranteed
Write or call at 1023H Market St.- ¦
DR. NG TOY KEE, late of Canton, China, tea
and herb sanitarium, 704 Sacramento st cor-
\ner of Kearny: -all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
iT advice free; office hours, 10 a. m. to 12 m
2 to 6 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m. '
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any ailment: ; consultation free."' 94*
Post St.. between Hyde and Larkin.:
MRS., DR. KOHL, ladles' speciallst-Guar-
anteed treatment at office, $5: safe and re-
: liable: consultation free. 1122 Market st bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. - m. to 5 p.m.
DR. and MRS. -DA VIES. 122S Market: ladled
physician: chronic diseases treated; late sclen-
tlflc methods; cure guaranteed: treatment. $5."
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladies' apeclal-
lst: guaranteed treatment . at office $5; safe
.and reliable: consultation free; hours 10 to 3.
DR. WISE, the , ladles' • specialist. - 1113 Market
¦ st.:'every caae guaranteed: $5 up.-y -~ ¦ ¦
DR. and ' MRS. M. . WEGENER— Private home
*ln confinement. : 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR.. WONG HIM, 1 herb doctor, treats all dls-
- eases 'of. the human body." 115 Mason st
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St., San Fran.
DR. CREELY"S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
glsts. or Dog Hospital. SlO Golden Gate aye.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission st.. near 15th.
ONE 4-strted sticker: 1 planer and matcher: t
'. air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planes, lathes.
Iron ft wood: td-harrd. J. ¦ BTfRKK. 13S Beal«-.
. • MISCELLANEOUS ..WANTS.
WANTED— Second- hand upright piano for
cash, H. L. WHTTKHEAP. 1718- Market «t.
OFFICES AND STORKS— TO LET.
CORNER ¦ grocery and bar: 3, llvtng™roomT;
fixtures to suit tenant; building nearly new.
NW. corner of Eighth and Natoma sta.
$11— TO let; sunny store; counters aad shelving.
and 2 living rOoma. ICQB Natoma. near Hta.
$20— STORE: 2 show-windows "and 5 large rooms •
adapted to acy business." 422 Sixth »t.
_ OPIUM.
OPIUM." morphine and whisky habit cured at
borne; "absolutely painless"; no cure no pay
JS[ lte ». f , or . book ,- O^rino Medicine Co.. box
PALMISTRY.
"??' )) N 5e5 er ** ara . Free- S t . Germain College ot
PalmUtry: readu Ito S. gig Oe^ry. nr. Jon»a.
PASTURAGE.
GOOD putura** cJaeap. innulr* 137 Tent* at.
WANT good restaurant waitress at 704 Larkin
:'. St. ; steady, work. ?.: .-;¦'¦" ¦'- -- "''-"¦
GIRL for general housework preferences. % Ap-
ply before 12 m., 1868 Vallejo st - ...
WANTED— Elderly man for a small corner gro-
cery. .Write, stating previous employment and
.;. wages expected, box 4498, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman wanted. ' Apply 7:30
. a.'m. S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market St..
GIRL ; for : , light 3 housework.
Van Ness aye.
COLLECTION OFFICES
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
lets successful. Room $10. 3?7 Market st
MME BYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in Mght house-
work. Apply '4l Bartlett st , - "¦ ¦ ¦
GIRL to assist housework and cooking; sleep
home; $12. 812 Taylor st'
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework
in a small family; no children. 1413 A Mason
st., bet. Pacific and Broadway.
TWO • buttonhole makers and < finishers on
coats; good, wages. 185% Natoma st 7 near
New Montgomery.
GASOLINE engines; marine and stationary;
second hand; guaranteed; all sizes. NEWELL
¦ BROS.. 140 First st-
NEW and second-hand slot machines boughs
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 .Market st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe., shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21t Bpear St.
CASH registers, second-hand, of every de-
scription bought sold, exchanged and re-
paired. 1309 Mission St.. bet. Ninth and Tenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
SKO: concert records. $2 60. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market st.. San Francisco.
A FINE suit, $10: dress pants. $2 75. BROWN
BROS.. Clothing. 437 Montgomery ft
A 5 H..P. double cylinder marine gas engine,
almcat new; complete. Sl6 Mission it
10.000 FEET new rubber belting, half price.
ROBT. BRAND & CO.. J27 Third st. Oakland.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and bttrg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 43 Main st. "
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and ftra and bur-
glar proof safe. 21S California st.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
¦ ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., nr. Pine.
STRONG girl for cooking and general house-
work; wages $15 a month. Apply after 7:30
a. m., 203 Valencia st : •
BELGIAN hare for sale; reasonable; can after
5:80 p. m. 1723 Howard st., corner 14th.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers, old and new. H-
MULLER. maker, repairer. J Latham place.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank.
7 ROOMS near City Hall, rent $2S 175
12 rooms, clean, large, central :. 400
29 rooms, full. 4 blks N Market, rent $90...1C00
100 r.; 10c beds: rent $">0; money coiner.. ..1500
46 rooms, fine, splendid every way 2300
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
-8 waitresses, beat country hotels, $20; 4 wait-
resses, first-class city hotels, $20: 2 chamber-
maids to wait, $20: 8 chambermaids, $15, $17 50
and $20; 2 woman cooks, $25 and $35; fancy
ironer, $25 and found
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman wltli a child. $15, across the bay; 6
cooks and housegirls, across the bay, $25; sec-
ond girl, city. $20; nurseglrl, $15; housegirl,
sleep home,- $17 50; houisegirl and laundress,
city, $20, no cooking; cook for men, Santa
Clara, plain cooking. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
5 WAITRESSES, new restaurant $6; lunch and
dinner, $5: lunch waitress, $3. C. R. HAN-
SEN &. CO.. 104 Geary St. . .
ROOMING HOUSES... — 4 :..
LODGING- H0U5E5......... — ..
HOTELS
FLATS AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM 3 to 250 ROOMS; PRICES $30 to $20. C00
25 rooms; on Market; worth $1200 $800
10 rooms; on Mason: payments 430
65 rooms; on Bush St.; clears $250........ 2300
3 rooms and bath: elegant flat' 325
36 rooms; «>n Kearny: grand bargain 2000
S6 rooms: on Market: payments 1800
50, 40 and 125 rooms; boarding-house. ' ¦
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St. opp. Fifth.
A. WANTED RAILROAD WORK
50 4-horse teamsters $2 a day
,50 2-horse teamsters $175 a day
50 r0ckmen........ $2 a day
10 concrete mixers $2 a day
60 pick and shovel men $1 75 a day
and free fare to work...
Apply to C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A MANAGING steward for a country club,
$100 to $125; head waiter, • country hotel, $50;
baker and pastry cook, hotel, $60; baker,
country shop. $40; 10 dishwashers and kitchen
hands, $20, $25 and $30. C. It HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
A— 2o FARMERS for orchards and vineyards. $1
a day and board; 10 milkers. $25 and $30; 20
laborers for Eawmillp and woods, $26 and fares
paid; ranch blacksmith, $50; blacksmith's
helper, mine, $1 75 a day; 50 woodchoppers,
75c and $1 50 a cord. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
WANTED — 3 men and wive? for private fam-
• llles, $50 to $60; 2 French farmers and wives.
$35 and $55; pondman for mill. $30 and board;
4 milkers. $25 and $30; laundry man for Insti-
tution, $35; driver for milk wagon. $30; 6 la-
borers. $2 day: woodnmen, tlemakers and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— OiI well -driller, one who under-
stands the business, $5 day and board; first-
class band sawyer, and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st
WANTED — American stenographer and type-
writer; $50. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— French valet and butler, $40 and
found; restaurant cooks. $30; restaurant wait-
ers, $25; hotel waiter, $30; broiler. $45; dish-
washers and others. J. F. CRQSETT &. CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
A— CLERK. $10 to $12 week, city mercantile
house; strong young man for store work, $26.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best h?ln 4144 O'Fnrrell st.: tel. Ea«t 426.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
SALOON, with property, stock and fixtures for
tale; opposite depot, warehouses and lumber
yard In Paso Robles. Cal. Address JOHN
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
TO salaried men. without collateral or Indorser;
other propositions; private rooms. Ban Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bnlldlng.
AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket; individual instruction; bookkeeping,
ehorthanfi, typing, etc.; life scholarship $50;
catalogue.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 328 Parrott build-
lng'— Men can secure loans oa personal note.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
EDUCATIONAL.
OLD gold bought: money loaned on every de-
scription of collateral. Coleman's. 806 Kearny.
MONEY loaned on furniture, pianos, dia-
monds, etc. BRIDGES, 927 Market, room Sl«.
LOANS to salaried people: personal security
only. TOU3LEY. J2l Parrott building.
WAITRESS wanted. WS Seventh .st
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; does boarded. Tel. Weat 62f.
FOR PALE— A fine downtown route; this
paper; in business section. Apply Call office.
SITUATION wanted by smart active English-
American; , experienced in handling horses.
Address box 4433, Call office. ¦
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 80 O'Farrell St., ex-
. tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 13 years.
YOUNG man having had 2 years' experience
in double-entry bookkeeping and also 6 years
as dry goods salesman, wishes position; can
- refer to former employers. Box 3045,' Call.
GIRLS WANTED. *:«¦¦;
To work on shirts; beginners taught* ' LEVI
B BTRAUSS & CO.. 26H Fremont st; elevator.
DENTISTS.
A $650
PARTNER REQUIRED :••••;•
for first-class dining-room in large city hotel:
center of traffic: elegant appointments; op-
portunity for man seeking good proposition.
BTENBERG CO.. 935 Market st
WANTED— Position to cook for mining or lum-
ber camp by man and wife. , Box 4478. Call.
MASSEUR wants situation -at springs. Ad-
i dress box 3047,* Call" office. '
GOOD waiter wanted. IS4 Third st
YOUNG girl | (or I general I housework; I between
:15 and 18; small family. , 1630 Grove st .
"WANTED— A' block butcher; I $25 " a month and
¦ found. '.Apply" 831S /Mission" it <"-¦¦/:
GIRL for cooking ' and housework; ' wages $20.
¦ '1633 Geary st. "•. ¦¦¦ ¦¦ ¦. . ¦ "• ::¦ ' :: ¦. .;:¦¦*¦•¦.'..¦.' -,-.> : '.¦_'
GOOD . waiter; . 1607 Market ¦ st, ¦ near Eleventh ;
wages $6 a week. :' .
WANTED — Young lady : solicitors > for teas ' and
¦ . coffee: salary and commission. | Box 3WS, Call.
GIRL to take care of baby 4 years, old; wages
' $6 per month. ; 911H Larkin St.--; -' •. .
IMPROVERS on skirts and waist." FRANCES,
796 Sutter «t,
TWO tailoresses, wanted: steady work. Call at
- "132 Mission st,' near Eighteenth. ,
BOY-, to learn trade; • must live with parents.
WEfTISTS.
A— DR. T. 8. HIGGINS' • dental parlors. 927
, Market st., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
**!. '"¦ithout pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
- to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated anfl filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 to up; open evenings and Sundays. '
A _ FpLL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5 a
fu l> set of teeth on a gold plate. . $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
fpt-cialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. 60c: crowns. $3 50: all work
rainiest and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
tors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th.~ rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have rotir extractions done painlessly; teeth
¦"Y'lhout plates our specialty: gold crowns,
J3 GO up; plates, extractions free; $4 60 up; of-
fice hours » a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. J to 2
. p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. . 1441 - Market • st.V near
- Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
tpedalty; all work reasonable; cv given. \
MRS. MAX. 608
PAID apprentice; also neat seamstress for
. dressmaking. Spring Valley bldg.,: room 129.
LADY solicitors for high grade portraits; good
,' pay. Room 69, St.' Ann's bldg. : "" ' - .:
EXPERIENCED bookfolders wanted; also I
apprentices. > 605. Montgomery *t-
GIRLS wanted in bookblndery. Apply 6M
.. Clay st ¦>:<:'¦
YOUNG man between IS and 20 to work on
commission In drumming up a trade. ' Call be-
tween 8 and 9at 512 Hayes st '
DANISH girl to be generally useful. 1824 Fell
st, near Ashbury. " --- '
GIRL for housework in Oakland. $16 month.
Apply room 606. Call building. "¦ •
WANTED — Two barbers; 1 eteady and 1 Satur-
day and Sunday; young men preferred; bring
tools. 2195 Powell st. i . . ? *
WANTED — A night cashier who understands
' restaurant work. Apply Bay State, 29 Stock-
ton St : . . ':. . ¦
FIRST-CLASS bushelman i wanted. ROBEN-
' BLUM & ABRAHAM. Merchant Tailors, 1103
Market st. ¦ . - . .
BARBER shop, kitchen and bedroom to rent;
proprietor wishes to go in ¦ the • country for
health; rent $15. 139 Gough st
TOUR future told by cards, too. 944 Howard
et.. 10 a. m. to 10 j>. m. , ¦ ¦
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; tsc up. 6 Fourth st.
APPRENTICE on custom coats. 411^4 Kearny
street >' .- ; ¦ .- - :. ' '¦'.-:¦
YOUNG girl to assist with general housework
and cooking. Call 2527 Pine at.
THOROUGHLY competent lady stenographer
with typewriter desires permanent postion.
Address X. A. M.. Call Branch, 1096 Valencia.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper;
city or country. 1006 Tennessee st - ¦ •
WANTED — Engagements to show best bust de-
veloper known; living testimonials to Indorse
all 1 claim; also scalp and hair treatment;
references if desired. Box 4434. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 26c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et , '
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9p. m. . >-¦
GIRL wanted for light housework; no wash-
Ing. 1216 Ellis «t. -¦ ; ¦•¦*¦•¦
YOUNG girl for light housework. 1040 Mo-
Allister st ¦..--" ¦. *
REFINED German, is a good cook and house-
keeper, wishes position In a • refined small
family. Address 325V4 Tenth st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do upstairs
work and sewing. Box 3025, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engagements
by the day. Address 837 Howard, st
WANTED — A position to take care of an in-
valid or do light housework. 19% Moss st.,
rear.
SWEDISH girl wants general housework and
cooking; wages $26. 266 Tenth st; at Swedish
Baptist Church.
WANTED — Two first-class edgermen; a black-
smith to cook for a large sawmill In Fresno
Co. Apply at the Sterns Mfg. Co., 17 ' Main
st, between. 12 and 2 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor wanted on Jacket*
and waists: must be rapid and proficient in
all details." Apply STEIN, SIMON & CO.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack, first-class barber
shop: wages $10; also porter to clean shop and
baths. Apply. H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
GOOD barber for. country; - wages $14. Apply
immediately. H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st
BRIGHT, retail Jewelry salesman of city expe-
rience;, steady position: state references and
salary, expected. Address box 3035, Call office.
EXPERIENCED single man to attend invalid;
. must speak ' German; state references and age.
Address box 3038. Call - office.
REFINED young girl for light housework and
to take care of child 6 years old. Apply to-
day between 10 and 12, at 2203 Buchanan st. ;
references.
YOUNG woman wishes position a* upstairs
girl with time for 2 hours' study daily and go
to night school; references. Inquire for MISS
LAWRENCE, 1518 Pine St.
LADY of refinement wishes position as com-
panion and nurse to invalid lady, or as house-
keeper: best of references. Box 3024, Call.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
WANTED— Extra talent for the concert to take
place St Patrick's night at Metropolitan
'Temple. Ladles and gentlemen call < at 119
Fifth st, in the evening at 8 o'clock, second
•'floor. W. FITZPATRICK.
HOUSES TO LET.
A GERMAN nurse for Burliqgame; grown
children; $25; see lady at 10 a. m. MRS.
LAMBERT. 418 Powell St.
TO let — House of 9 rooms and bath; on Bu-
chanan, near California. Inquire of W. H.
CRIM. lIS Montgomery st.
HOUSES— -LODGING To Let. *~
iOD-PAYING "patent far sale. Inqulr*
FRED. 3399 Eighteenth st-, S. V.; referencoa
reauired.
LAUNDRRSS. $30; chambermaid and seam-
stress, $25; 3 nurse girls, $15 and $20; middle-
aged woman for second work. $20, family of
2; second girl, Berkeley, $20: house girl, 2 in
family, $20; 10 house girls, $25 each; 2 cooks,
$30 and $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
A WAITRESS and parlor maid for San Mateo;
references required; see lady at 10:30 a. m.
MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.
37 ROOMS, (rood transient corner,. $1700: 120-
rnom hotel for rent, fine location: 9 rooms,
$300: private money to loan. C. T>. DAVIS,
room 69, 916 Market st
$ISCO— 42 ROOMS, corner house: $10CO cash, or
trade for house and lots. BASILE, 3 Eddy st
A — SNAP; 2S furnished rooms and bath; cheap;
owner leaving city: no Rgentx. 420 Sixth st.
BARS. back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, (tore and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-101J-IKI-10S3 Ml it log
St.. above Sixth.
WANTED — Cook, $30. no wash, for the State
of Washington: Scandinavian cook, $30, coun-
try: second girl. Berkeley, $20: second girl
and laundress, $23; 2 nurseglrls, $15, $20; hotel
•waitress, country. $20. fare paid; chamber-
maid and waitress, $20; Swedish housegirl. 3
in family, $25: JO housegirls, country, $20, $25,
$30. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.-
M. MacLEOD makes a specialty of buying. sell-
Ing and exchanging lodging houses: If ; you
have any such business it will pay you to call
at 17CKS Market ft., near Tenth. With GEO.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st
A HOTEL housekeeper who has held position
In large first-class Eastern hotel. $40 to $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1028 Market st.
25 rooms: $400 cash; Market st $700
40 rooms; rent $100: good furniture.. 1750
63 rooms; rent $100; money maker 1200
ICS rooms; corner; clears $3)0: only 1300
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S, 216 McAllister «t
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a situation: best of
ifferences; no objection to large family. Can
be seen by applying any time this w«ek at 811
Washington St., Oakland.
FINE Fischer & Stelnway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st.
YOUNG lady desires position as assistant
bookkeeper; good penman; reliable; experi-
ence more of an object than salary. Address
SPIRITUALISM.
HORSE, harness and business buggy. 1033 San
FURNITURE WANTED.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with -No.
7 ranire. Klne Furniture To.. :i27-1l."!l Mirket.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A WOMAN with boy 1H years old wants place
in city for home and very small wages. C. It.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary, phone Grant ISS.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
rt.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
WANTED — Young, sound, kind driving horse.
Apply barn. 931 Brannan st.
CARPETS cleaned st 3e per yard: laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth rt.: tel. Jessie 944.
FURNITURE KOll SALE.
FOR sale — Fine furniture of 3 housekeeping
rooms; will sell as whole or by piece If de-
sired. 309 Hyde St., from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
ELEGANT furniture of 7 rooms: separate
pieces or as a whole. 1235 Golden G»te aye.
200 HORSES 1000 to 1400 pounds, 30 head 1200 to
1300 pounds, unbroken, at the Canty Ranch.
Grayscn, Cal.
WAIT for our big sale of horses at 2170 Market
St.. THURSDAY, at 11 o'clock. S. WAT-
A-JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
NEWLY furnished flat: 7 large rooms and
bath; modern conveniences. Apply. 1445 Mc-
Allister st.
$14— WORTH $18: flat, 6 room*, bath,
1417 Pa-
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
language*. Ml»=s M. O. Barrett. 3H2 Montgy.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109$ Va-
lencia rt.
6 SUNNT rooms, $14; also cottage. 4 rooms,
near Mall dock. Key at 62$ Second at.
CLASSES in German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions haa been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
6-ROOM sunny flat: rent $14; to adults; 2616
Mission st. Apply 844 Capp st. ¦'
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
TWO new, modern, sunny fiats; 5 rooms and
bath each. 967 and 975 Golden Gate aye.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, crammar. writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
NINETEENTH, 3980, near Noe— Lovely sunny
lower 6-room flat, with room on porch; $18;
ELEGANT sunny flat; 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wil-
low aye., near Laguna st.
ALL students but two taking full courte
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st
A EALOON for sale in good location. Apply o»
premises, 160S Valencia st
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done: superior post-
graduate' course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
FLATS TO LET.
BBATUIFUL new 6-room sunny flat; porcelain
tub. 6 Chelsea plaoe, off Bush, bet Stockton
and Powell.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S. 28 Eteuart st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
shoeing business: 15 years present location;
cheap en aect- death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House oroDrietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third at.; 160 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
HEALD'S Business College. i 4 Post st. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new SO-page catalogue free.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 12?3 Polk rt.: open until 9 p. m.
$100— GOOD paying restaurant, nr. Sutter car-
house; rent $15. store, living rm. 1005 Larkln.
$75— CIGAR and bookatore. 241 Third st
GOOD- PAYING business, cheap; parties going
aVay; over S9O customers; horses and wagon.
Call 112 Capp st.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 26 Montgomery.
BAKERY for sale, very cheap;, receipts from
$20 to $25 per day; excellent location; other
business cause for sale. 721 Polk st.
BAR fixtures for sale at a bargain. 619 Jack-
son St.. corner Montgomery aye.
APPRENTICE to. learn cording, also for fin-
ishing on Bilk waists. S. F..MFG. CO.. 409 A
Turk st .' . •¦-..
MIDDLE-AGED man would like a situation as
foreman or timekeeper over men or teams or
to drive and exercise horses: no objection to
country. United State* Hotel, room -91, 123
Kddy st. »
AT 126 Kearny st.. room ». respectable prlvata
place to borrow en watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 996.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
6S and 69. Donohue building. 1170 Market st.
WANTED— Good talloress on custom coats;
wages $10 to $12. 186 Shipley St.. off Fifth.
ACTIVE elderly man would like to get situa-
tion In any capacity, city or country; a good
cook for small place. Box 3018, Call. '
NICE home bakery; good trade and everything
complete. Apply 403% Van Ness aye.; good
chance; call at once. ¦ •
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 gradunte opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
SITUATION wanted by young man at house-
cleaning or any other work by the day. HEN-
RY ANDERSON, 952 Bush St.
$3100 WILL buy a good paying office and Im-
porting business that will pay at least $4000
I*r year; reason for selling, have to leave
the State on Important business; have $2000
worth of stock on hand; staple goods; half
cash and half in one year to the right party;
inv«-s.tlpate and see for yourself. Address
box 3012, Call office.
WANTED-^Good starchwork lronem at 790
Elizabeth st-, between Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth. . . • •
RESTAURANT for sale; good location; good
business; cause sickness. Box 3013. Call.
BARBER with 1 year's experience wishes
steady work. Address box 3022, Call office.
BARBER wants place in city or country. Ad-
dress JOE BARBER, 235 Fourth st
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework;
wages $10. ia Hartford st, off Eighteenth,
near. Castro. ¦•
PANTRY boy, $2 60- and board per week; res-
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
' to COc. - 662 Mission St.. bet Ist and 2d sts.
MACHINISTS, first-class lathe hands. El
. Fremont st. ¦ . ¦
STEADY, sober man as partner In saloon;
small capital required. 130 Fourth st
MONEY' TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist 2<l and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing guainesa else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. n Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 546 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
moragages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry- W. J. HESTHAU 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
WANTE!**— Experienced . frame Joiner with
jomi capital or the necessary tools. - Apply
after 4 d. m., 810 Broadway, Oakland.
BARBER wanted; single man; eteady Job. At
DR. CONANTB Compound Vapor Bath— Purl-
flea the blood: destroys disease germs: pro-
tects- cures ;i revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bills- outfits for sale: agents, wanted: send for
booklet ANIDROSIS. 47 Post st; office,
room 6: gents' bath's. «: ladles'. 33.
BUSINESS CHAACES— Continued.
HELP WANTED MALE.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
B3IPLOYMEJIT WANTED— MALE.
¦MEDICATED BATHS.
THE SAN IKAJS CISCO CALL, THUKSDAY,. MARCH 15, 11)00.
SAJV FRAJXCISCO CALL.
33CSHfESS OFFICE of the Ean Francisco
Cull, comer of Market and Third streets, cpen
ortil « o'clock every nlirtit In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Mcctgomery «tree«,
corner Clay; open until 9:34 p. m.
ZPO Haven etreet: open until 9:30 p. a.
f3S McAllister street; cpen until 9: S3 p. m.
OS Larkln «tr*ct: cpen until 9:Sl> p. m.
JJ4I MlFKlon »treet; open until 10 p. m>
SJU Mej-ket etreet corner Sixteenth; cpen
cr.t'.l t p. m.
JO6 Eleventh rtreet: cpen until 9 p. m,
JK6 Valencia rtreet; open until » p. m.
KZZ Polk rti^et; open until 9 p. in.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tnrky ftreets; cr**n until 9 p. m. ¦
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, P. and A, m
M., will mwt THIS (THURSDAY) J*
EVI3NING. March 12. at 7:3<J o'clock. *£jf
First <iegre*. By order of the Master. /^O'l
FRANKLIN 11. DAY. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 73, R. A. M.— «
Stated mettin* THIS (THURSDAY) .^/X
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. MiKsion V 2
Masonic Temple, 2CCB MiaMon St. IJusi- ' V >
ness. Mark Master dexree. By order of the
H. I*. JXO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
¦DORIC Lodge No. 216. 1"". and A. M.— ft
Special meeting THIS .THURSDAY) ,_*%_
EVENING, kt 7:30 o'clock. First de- I%J\
ere*. Masons are invited. By onjer ' '
cf the V.'. M. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sea
YEItBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. '^SPS^,
I. O. O. F.. will have double fgS&y'^S
initiation an 4 refreshments
THURSDAY. March 15. 'MltS*-
J. D. ECHLOEIC. Jf. Q.
3. OHLSEN, lUc. Sea
NOTlCE— lnterr.a-tional Bricklayers' Union No.
1 of California m-?ets EVERY MONDAY in
The Temple, 117 Turk St.: hall open every
day between 9 and 5: all L U. men invited!
charter open for SO day?; contractors or build-
ers wanting men inquire at hall.
W. I). PICKENS. President.
WILLIAM KLEIN*. NICHOLAS DUGAN.
WILLIAM J. SHEEDY, I. U. Committee.
ANNUAL meeting — Tbe annual meeting of the
•tocktaoldera of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the office of the
oompany, Ztl Market St., San Francisco, Cal.,
en MONDAY, the I6th day of March. 1900, at
the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness aa may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Friday. March 16. 1900,
at Z2 m. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
AGENTS WAXTEn.
X*AX>IES— Agent*: something new. CO3 Geary
tit.. San Franciaco.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MA6KRY of Egypt, greatest wtrolo-
rirt aad palmist In the world; eatlsf action
raaiTrtfofl. 417 Ooldon Gate are.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVTCB free; divorce law a rpeclalty; private;
BO fee without cuccena; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 860 Market cor. Stockta.
ADVICE ft**; no charge unless successful. W. :
W. DAVIDSON. >27 Market st. opp. Mason.
V. H. MEKZBACH, attorney at law, has re-
«nm«d practice at 803 Cal. St. Clunle bldg.
U B. CLARK. Ercma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
k«* rt.: con»u!tatlra free; no fees in advance.
BATH CABI\ETS— THEIUUL.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding; see it before
burlr-g. W. B. BROWN. Coast Agt.. 426 Ellis.
BOAAUINU FOU CUILDUEN.
PRIVATE heme for children. 1 day to 15 years,
by week or month; large sunny yard; select
neighborhood; mother's care; kindergarten;
terms low. 1204 Post st., bet. Geary & Sutter.
CHILD to care for; mother 1 * care riven; no
other children. Inquire 1003 Washington st.
WAKTEI.*- 49maH child to board; best of care;
pood home. 2Ck Fell st.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
6CHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
H'-'t.** Book Co.. 7M M'.^sirn f-t.. a»«r Th!rd-
BOOT AND SIlCi: BARGAINS.
REGULAR $1 50 boys' shoes, all sizes 95 cts
Regular $1 25 ladies' oxford ties 65 cts
Chlldren'6 kid. lace or button, sizes 8 to 11. Tic
People's Shoe Store. 1203 Stktn, nr. B'dway.
tOO PAIRS drummers' cample shoes at manu-
facturer's cost. J. Kohlbecher. 145 Fourth Bt.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
$1400 CORNER grocery store and bar, with 3
living rooms, kitchen and cellar; rent $45;
plaoe established for SO years; next to the
leading brewery of this city; a mint. Call
B, G. WILKE. *G6 Market et., room 8.
A—slsoo;A — $1500; CORNER ealoon; established many
years and doing a rushing business; choicest
location; only 2 blocks north of Chronicle
building; rent $75; owner going East. Call
R. G. WILKC. 906 Market gt.
A— S«&3; COFFKE saloon and restaurant; 1 block
from corner Powell and Market sts. ; rent $40;
dally receipts $40; 3 living rooms. See It G.
WILKE. >0C Market Bt,
A— s4So; SALOON, with S living rooms; rent
$27 CO; Valencia rt. ; rood business; bargain.
K. O. WILKE. 906 Market St.
A— CSOO; CORNER grocery and bar; vicinity
Hlxth and Howard sts.; living rooms; good
business: cheap rest. Call K. G. WILKE,
X* Market st.
>>— JI7S— CORNER saloon on Montgomery st.;
must be void to-day. R. G. WILKE. 906
Market rt.
Ar-C&00; EALOON and lanchhouEe; between fac-
tories and lumber-yar<is; dally receipts $15;
r«nt $20; a enap. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market
Jl — $27t0; FIRST-CLASS paying corner grocery
and bar on Turk st.;. place established many
yean; stock all fresh f good horse and wagon;
« living roome; rent $SU. Call &. G. WILKE,
UK Market Bt.
$250— PARTNER wanted; light, well-establish-
*d Indoor badness; win Day over $75 per
tnoDth each. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777^
Market street
tS-.C — SHOEfTORE and repair shop; sickness
cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 ft
tSCO— CORNER saloon; north of Market st
Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market «.
CFTEH wanted for a first-class Ealoon near
Market and O'Farrell sts. ; must be sold. Full
particulars 3. E. E LIN KEY & CO., 677 Mar-
ket St., entrance 1 Fifth rt.
EALOON for cale in a fine central location: has
C faclly rooms connected ; a bargain; must be
told on account of sickness. Particulars from
t. E. 6LINKLY & CO., 1 Fifth et.
BAKGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
bucinecs; fair treatment Liquor Deal em"
Journal. C2S% California et.. room L
•400— SALOON with » living rooms; fine trade.
Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal, C 2*4 Call-
Xercla rt.. room L
BARGAIN — Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers* Journal. W4. California st, room L
FINE grocery and bar; stock worth money
arked; big each trade; 4>4 years' lease. Pacinc
States Realty Co., 855 Market St.. room IVL
A— PARTNER with $2500 in established Jmport-
lng business; will clear at least $€000 yearly.
Pacific fitate« Realty. 856 Market st.. room 320.
feuit eToun Ton sale
GOOD PAYING BUSINESS '.'.'.'.
Best location In the city
Fine bargain; et* it to-day. DECKER. 1020
Market. ...'..-
A PARTY with $1000 can clear $150 month.
COWING * CO.. 719 Market st. ™" Dl °-
A GREAT sacrifice; corner grocery; death
cause sale. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
AN energetic man not afraid of work with $125
can get permajient »>oeitlon: come prepared to
go to work. BRIIXJES. 927 Market et.. r. Sl«.
$250— PARTNEP.FHIP— OId established real es-
tate and bus. exchange. Jones Co., 86* Market
INVESTMENT— Wanted immediately a party
to join me with email amount capital; rare
opportunity to make fortune 1 : In Mexico; ref-
erence* required and given. Address box 2040
Call office.
FOR sale— Ealoon. boardlng-hourc, building In-
cluded; 14 rooms; told on account of death In
family. Apply on premises, 547 First et., near
Pacific Mai! Dock.
OLD «-etaJ:>lished r»*taurant for sale; irood bu-1-
nfcfcs; Hne locality: rmall rent: everything
complete; price $225. Box 3041. Call office.
$IDO0 — BIG bargain: wholesale and retail tea,
, coffee and spice company In large city; near
San Francisco. Box SU3O, Call office. •
CARPENTER shrp_ for sale at a bargain; rent
only $C; must be' Bold this week. Appiy 127
Turk et.
FOR sale— ln AUmeda. meat market; good lo-
cality. Apply to Western Meat Co., Second
and Franklin sts.. Oakland.
SHOE business ; established over 25 years. 4
Summer st.. off Montgomery.
BRANCH bakery cheap; rent $l£. 1790 FoUom
street.
FOR tale — Good-paying rerteurant on account
of parties leaving the city; renf paid until
April 10. Inquire at 12 Washington Bt. ¦
FOR SALE— First-class grocery ctore; on ac-
count of sickness. Inquire at KUHL
SCHWARKE &. CO.. cor. Kearny and Sutter.
$700— SELECT rooming house; 9 rooms, all full;
elegantly and newly furnished; Investigate;
•permanent roomer*. 427 GcMea QaU aye.
FULL he* at teeth, $5; gold crowns,' $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
diver, :0c; painless extraction. 60c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, oor. 6th.
COMPETENT ¦ woman 'to examine work In
ladles' shirtwaist " and ¦ underwear faotory:
good, steady position. BAUER BROS. 8c
CO., 21 Eansome st. ¦- -*: :
COACHMAN and man about place— By smart,
active, respectable, middle-aged man. Ad-
drees Winchester Hotel, room 625. . . -
YOUNG man, experienced at bookkeeping and
telegraphing, would like position where he
could make himself useful. Address D., 44
Third st.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 6 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy st
FIRST-CLASS designer on ladles' - underskirts
and children's wear: good salary; permanent.
Address box 8023,. Call office. ..."
JAPANESE young boy wants situation as
echoolboy In the city. TAKKDA, 431 Steven-
son St.
A— s4ooo; CORNER grocery, with elegant ap-
polntmtnts; full stock of choice groceries,
delicacies, cigars and liquors in bulk; the lo-
cation is Al, being right in the heart of the
city; including new delivery wagons and
fine horses; cnance seldom offered; trial win
convince; if you desire this kind of business
don't delay investigation, as owner Is selling
on account of other business; reoelpts average
$2000 per month. STENBERG CO.. 935 Mkt St.
TWO coatmakers wanted. 1C55 Broadway, Oak-
. land. • t:- - — . .
MEYER Deutscher Zahuartz. 6 Turkr painless
ext., crowns, bridge work; open 6und. till 12.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4: crowns, J3; fillings, 25c.
GUARANTEED dentistry: $1 week; we refer to
£000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors. 43 Sixth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Bun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework and help In . bakery. Call at 143
Eleventh st
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices on custom work. 509 Kearny
St., room 2. * . - .
ACTIVE -partner wanted In a first-class quartz
mine; no experience required, but good
tool sharpener preferred. Call or address M.
SPRINGER. 115 Eighth gt. City.
BRASS polishers and buffers for chandelier
work. Apply superintendent THOMAS DAY
CO.. 72S Mission St.
BARBER— Extra chance; 1-chalr shop; $23; fine
location. Call office.
MAN wanted to assist In Job and ¦ gardening.
Call at store corner Spruce and Sacramento.
WANTED — Experienced mlllman to take charge
of small stamp mill, etc.. In Mexico. Box
SOU, Call office.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors at
SCHIMMEL & STOVER'S, 408 Sutter St.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEA3ISTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
HONEST and capable young German, wants
situation as porter in wholesale house or ho-
tel. Address box 2723, Call office, Oakland.
$50— BARBER shop; 15 cents. Sixteenth and
Market sts. _¦.--¦
A FEW hundred more sewing machine operat-
ors will find work In Levi Straues & Co.'s fac-
tory. 82% Fremont st. MR. DAVIS, foreman.
K. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I receive* at Call branch office, 2200 FlHmorest
8-CHAIR hotel barber shop. 127 Eddy st;
owner going north.-
PARISIAN dressmaking. 367 Geary et; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit
WANTED— A first-class saleswoman for lace
department for Sacramento. Apply £23 Mar-
ket st. room 7. from 2 to 3 d. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng.pinking. 11l Post, over O'Connor & Moffat
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurse rirl for boy 3 years old; must do saw-
Ing. 997 Golden Gate aye.
CARPENTERS WANTED to STAY away
from San Francisco, as there are many Idle
men here, notwithstanding advertisements to
the contrary. .DISTRICT COUNCIL OF CAR-
PENTERS. *
$SSO— GROCERY, bar and lodging-house; doing
good business. 129 Perry st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Fillmore.
SHOE chop; good location; fine business. Box
300«. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DR.YDEN. 413 Montgomery.
A SALOON for sale cheap: located in the
Potrero. Apply on premises. 1643 Kentucky.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071H Market St.: examinations free; Oerman
eyewater by mail. 600. Phone. Mint M 7.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeks:
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution In the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st Branches — San Francisco. New York,
St. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis. .
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK, 118 McAllister.
WORKING partner; opportunity seldom of-
fered. Room J5. 1926 Market St. >
A BRANCH office for the reoeption of adver-
tisements and subscriptions bas been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
IF your property Is mortgaged and yon need
mora money see H. *MU"RPHY. «30 Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech.,
survey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day and eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933
Market St. <
NEW bakery or laundry; 2-can milk wagon; 2-
seated spring wagon; 3 grocery or delivery
wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
FINANCIAL.
CAPITAL furnished on first-class mining pro-
position. F. H. MORSE. 150 Nassau St.. N.Y.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st
LJNDELL House, corner Sixth and' Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c par night, 75c to $2 per week.
FURNISHED rooms, 75c. $1. $1 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN. 614 Fburth st.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission; violin.guitar.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. lOMontgomery.
COMPANY promotion is our specialty: we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.&1.C0.. 220 California St., r. 6-7.
NICELY furnished upper flat 5 r.; bath piano,
flna marine view. 1061 Broadway,- nr. Jones.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., AttoT-
neya. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
ROUTE of 644 papers on this paper for sale.
Bex 6. Oakland Postofflre.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; fre*
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GSO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Pacramento St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ¦ >
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A GREAT "tt.w OS*
/,PIA N O 3 ——
PIANOS —
'-- '_ Entire Stock of
HAMILTON-BANCROFT COL
Coutatixts of
CHICK f^Q-
BAXiyWE?.
BUSH A CERTS.
ELLINGTON,
AND OTHERS,
' PK2CES FROS4 $S0 IJFWAKDc
SNAP 3 FOR BUYERS.
BYROX MAUZY.
JOS-310-313 POST BT. «
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggiea.
carte, harness. Grand Arcade Hor3e Market.
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. . .
NEW & 2<J-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
necs. wk ft driving horttes. ISth and Valencia.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY?!TPHONE MAInIjB4SM AIn1j84S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
hl6 laborers for a mine, no experience.. $34. fd
* 5 miners, ¦ hard r0ck.....". $75
Laborers, teamsters, choremen and boys, city
Jots.
MECHANICAL HELP ;....T..
Carrlawe trimmer, country ,:.$3 day
Brlckmolder, $3 day; blacksmith, heavy work,
foundry. $3 60 day; 8 coopers, $3 day; har-
ness maker, repair work for a ranch, $26 and
found; blacksmith helper; cooper on lime bar-
rels, country, 7V4c each; weaver on wire
- mattresses; 0 ship carpenters, $5 a day.
MARRIED HELP
6 farmers and wives, without children, for
Sonoma, Monterey and Contra Costa counties,
$40, $35 and found.
FARMS, DAIRIES AND STABLES
26 milkers and butter makers. $30, $25 and
found: 39 farm, . orchard and vineyard ' hands
for different places, $26, $25. $20 and found....
6 stablemen 16 choremen and boys
..6 road teamsters, $26 and found, near city..
YOU WILL SUIT THIS JOB
6 men or strong boys to work around hop
yards, fare $1, wages $30; steady Job until
end of September, 1900.
TO THESE JOBS WE PAY FARES
386 . woodchoppers and tie makers, $2 60, $2.
$1,50, Jfl, 75c cord, 12c, 13c, 10c, lie each, tools
and food advanced ; some places at gold
mines; 20 laborers, no experience wanted, $26
and found; also 2fi3 Jobs not advertised.
Come and see MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
ARE you In need of a pianoT We have a large
assortment of new and second-hand pianos of
the best makers; sold for cash or vary easy
payments; $6 down and W per month for an
elegant new upright; some good pianos for
$3. $4 and $5 per mrmth. SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.. Stelnway dealers, corner Sutter and
Kearny sts., San Francisco; corner Thirteenth
and Broadway.' Oakland.
FLAT of 6 rooms, nicely furnished; rent rea-
sonable. 35 Turk St., near Taylor.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post Bt. ; telephone Bush 135.
BIRCH AYE., 6 — » rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nlßhed.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work*. 253-357 Tehama et.: tel. S. 40.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hoa»»
west of Chicago Is KOIILKR & CHASE'S.
24. 23 and 30 O'Farrell at.; planoa. organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
office; best help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas. Aramorl. 206% Stockton; tel. John 212 L
80 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1825 Market St., bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, msrr.. 3S-40 Eth st: tel. South 250.
K-C ABE ptanoa: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4RS Stevenson St.: tel. South 225: lowest ratei.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near'Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
FINE horse for business buggy; stands with-
out hitching: 8 years old: $40. 4064 Twenty-
sixth st; no dealers need apply.
A — HOTEL, butchers, laundry and other depts.
12 cooks $50. $45. $40, $35. $30 and found
13 waiters and dishwashers
....ss3s, $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
German cook, city, good Job $50 and found
Washer, institution, $35 and found; ironer,
$30 and found; washer, $30 and found, hand
laundry: boys for stores and 'trades, butcher
- shop work; boy to drive butcher wagon, $25
and found: man for delicacy store, $40 and
found; milk wagon driver. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
NICE lot for a horse and buggy. H. W. DA-
-VIS, room 9, 9C5 Broadway. Oakland.
FINE assortment of old and new violins In all
sizes Just received from Europe: they were
selected by experts for th» 2dAUVAI3 MU-
SIC CO.. 7M Market St.
ADVANCE Carptt Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.;
tel. Msin SS4. ,GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
THE Packard pianos are not cheap pianos, but
they are first-class In tone and unequaled in,
finish: you buy them for a short time only at
Introductory prices at MAUVAIS'. 783 Mar-
ket st.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: te'«phone East 12*.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. : telephone Jessie 761.
FOR SALTC — Gentleman's road horse and bike
bugiry. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. COS G. G. ay.
YOUNG German-American girl desires light
Feconcl work; $15. MRS. M. LAMBERT, 418
Powell St., telephone Main 5332.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
S STEINWAYS, 2 Chickerings, 1 Sommer, 1
Vosa & Sons: 5 Hetnes; store cpen evening*.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis St.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the hlghent prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture. rprr>rt«. 757 Mf"'nn: tfl. Red 3333.
A FEW pianos will be sold for storage at auc-
tion prices: dirt cheap for cash. WILSON" 3
Storage 1710 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS housekeeper: will go by the
day: is a fine laundress; can do any kind of
work; is strong and willing; would engage
now. $1 and car fare. Please call at 78 Third
Ft.. The Eagle, room 5.
PIANO cheap and 6 rooms of furniture; must
be sold: no dealers. 2810 A Howard st.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer piano*. Epancer
Warerooma. ISIS Market st.
POSITION— Nursery governess, English branch,
will prepare children for school, can also con-
verse in German; refs. exchanged. Box 3032,
Call office. .
DON'T buy: rent' a new piano. $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Facramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis planoa.
GIRL of middle aK<j, wants general housework:
good cook; wages '"s2o or $25. Apply at 513
Ninth St.. Oakland.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker wishes to go out
by the day or take work in. Call at 711
Franklin st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all rkin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
th*= has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thon-
eands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061
Eeventh aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
N. B.— Take 8. F. broad gauge ferry and
get off at Clinton Station, 2d station from
Broadway.
YOUNG German girl, 15 years, wishes to assist
In light housework and with children. Ad-
dress until Friday, box 3039, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work by the
day. Address MISS OSTERGREN, 309 'Sev-
' enth st.
A YOUNG nurseglrl wishes situation; wages
$8 A. G. and L. J. $15; ref. 632 Elizabeth st,
near Castro.
BARS, counters, showcases, sherring. mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission it.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
JANANKE KENDRICK. palmist and card
reader and clairvoyant; will tell your past,
present »nd future, locate your disease and
tell you how to get well of it; 50c and 25c;
hours from 12 to 9 p. m. US Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader and palmist; all
you teek to know answered without questions;
readings this week 25c and 50c. 942 Mission.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: gives best advice in difficult
matters. 19 Fulton ut., near Larkln. .
WANTED— By a strong girl, work In restau-
rant; can wait a little: $4 a week and board;
no Sunday work. Call 1020 Howard, room 11.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse, not trained: will assist with light
work; references. 823 Geary st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 605 McAllister: 10c; come, skeptics^
EXPERIENCED girl wishes to take care of in-
fant. Apply 17368 Howard st.
GERMAN woman wishes position to do wash-
ing 'and housecltaning. 108 South Park.
MRS. MEYER. 535 McAllister; trance, buslneep;
sit. dally; test clr. to-night, 10c; Friday at 2.
CIRCLE to-day. 2 p. m., prompt. 25c; readings
$1. C. M. STEERS, medium. 112<i Oak Ft.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921% Mission, oplllnt.
AN experienced dressmaker and ladles'' tailor
desires work by the fey in families or at
home; also evening dresFes and shirt waists;
terms reasonable. 1127 Ellis st. ¦
FOR sale — Part of a valuable patent: million*
In It. Address box 3034. Call oQoe.
STEAM launch; compound engine and Ward
boiler, pump, etc. ; complete. ¦ SlB MJaoloa st
DENTAL chair (Morrison's); complete: good
order. Apply r. 85. 1115 Broadway. Oakland.
CAPE NOME houses for sale; 12x18 fe«t, $150;
16x20 feet. $200. Apply to the Humboldt
Lumber Company, Third and Washington
sts.. Oakland. Cal. '
A. M. SPECK & CO.
2610 Sutter: 6 r.....530f206 Poet: ll> r M 7 60
731 Thirteenth: 7 r. 20!?24 Shotwell; 8 r.. 25 W
'.: WANTED
Driver for milk route In city; young single
man with references: salary $35 per month
and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
WANTED
4 miners, good steady Job, $3 per day ;..
¦ gold miner, see party here, $45 per month and
board ...."; i
ranch teamsters........ $26 and board
farmer for orchard, Santa Clara Co., $25 and
board: milkers. $25 and $30, and others; ranch
cook. $25. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec.. 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
AN up-to-date proposition — Salary and good
commission for real live agents willing to so-
licit milk trade, with new and excellent in-
ducements; something out of the ordinary In
this line. Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 How-
ard st. -3atiaßaiEt&&tiaffiS!ix&&sTG£sg2ia&
REED, 14 — 6 rooms, bath, gas, basement: fine
view.- Apply 1325 Washington St., near Jones.
TO let— A pleasant sunny house, 7 rooms. 3356
Twenty-first st, near Guerrero.
9 ROOMS; rear entrance: good to rent rooms;
nicely furnished. 313H O'Farrell, near Mason.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 2Jc up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MEDA HOSKINB. 1423 Mkt., bet. 10th & 11th—
Clr. Mon. 8 p. m.. Thur. 2 p.m.,2Sc; elt. dally.
NAPOLONAC Scientific Developing Circle at
222 Eddy et to-night; upstairs; 25c admission.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh et. is the original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c.
CHESTER CARLETON. magnetic healer and
massage treatmt. ISB2 Market, rms. 27 and 28.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, present, future, 23c. 143 Sixth st., r. 12.
HOUSES WANTED?
WANTED— Unfurnished bonse. ADrtl 1. be-
tween Taylor, Fillmore, ¦ Butter and Broad-
way: 12 rooms, 2 baths, billiard room, pantry,
furnace. Address W. P.. box 3036. Call.
WAnVeD— House In Western Addition. < to 10
rooms; $5000 to $10,000; state location, prtco.
terms and when built. Address box 3007. Call.
MRP.J.J.WHTTNEY. clairvoyant, test, business
medium. life reader; sitting $L 1104 Market
MME. MARQUISE, medium, has removed to 5
Hyde st., reading and treatments daily.
EDWARD' EARLE. Independent slate writer,
SSO Ellis St.: circle Sun. and Wed. evenlntrs.
ARNOLD. . Dlckson, give everybody tests to-
night; 10c; sittings. 2lc, 50c. 148 Sixth, room" L
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 2Sc; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader;
cittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— In Jackson-st. car, between Van" Ness
and' Buchanan, lady's black purse containing
money. Return 2210 Jackson st.
LOST— Either at Native Sons' Hall or on Post
st., between Leavenworth and hall. March 5,
1900. a small opal brooch; surrounded by dia-
monds. Return 816 Sutter St., MR. ABEN-
HEIM; reward; call between 6 and 7. \ '
SUNBURST diamond pin.. Return to MRS
NELLIE RADER, 151S Fifteenth st. ; liberal
. reward. -
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 6 and 6 rooms; : - basement,
yard, with or without stable; cheap.' 1876
Fifteenth st.. near Dolores. •
COTTAGE, large rooms, larg» yard. 621 Fell
etreet-
MACHINE operators wanted at H. * ANDER-
SON'S, costumer. 26 O'Farrell St. ; .
EMPLOYMENT, WASTED— MALE. .
MAN and wife would . like; to take charge of
¦place all year round; man willing to work;
thoroughly" understands care of horses;
woman to cook for few men: homelike place
more than wages; no objection "to going out
of State: can take own furniture; answer till
last of March. -Address box 3037, Call office.
SHOEMAKER, repairer,-' and salesman ¦ wants
position In country shoe store; best of refer-
ence. Box 3043, -Call office. ?'.-, ;
SITUATION by young • man taking care of
-horses, cow,- garden; quod driver; references.
.Box 3044, Call office.
IF wanted, best fancy family cooks, with ex-
cellent- recommendation. .' Please • send ' to
CHOXO WING, room 6. 902 Clay st. *-.',-
WANTED— Position on fruit ' ranch ; by com-
patent man; .-¦ understands picking, packing
and drying thoroughly. Box ; 4499, > Call office.
YOUNG man with business experience ' of .: 7
years wishes position of any kind;- good -ref-
* erences. Address : box 3046, • Call ." office. ¦ ;.'. ;
10933^SIXTH RACE— One mile ; aellinc; ; ! three-y ear-oMa : | nurse. ¦ WOO.
Tlni«—J>i. :24V; ¦ H. :51; %. ! 1:11: ¦ mile. 1:43. -. Good ata-rt. - Won , first •. ttree drtvln*. Winner,
a E.". Corrlga .ira blk.-. a;., by Imp. I Artillery- Ventur*.'B; Wlnn«r a child : of fortune. "a Dtrteu rode
> r-> i_dv about one and * sixteenth mile*. ; Florablrd did his best, aad that vu not nrach.*
Time— 1 ! '24H* :49^t: &,,1:1S. Good start. Won cleverly, second and third drlring. Win
ner J Anthony's eh. f., by Imp. Brutus-Ledette. Winner Is fast and promlsinr. Red
Cherry unfortunate. Formatus stopped. Miss Soak about ran her race. Tallac no chance.
San Leandro Fruit-Growers Active.
SAN LEAXDRO. March 14.— A San
Leandro Fruitgrower*' Association haa
been organized, with J. H. Begier aa presi
dent and Daniel McCarthy as secretary.
Every effort will be made •to bring the
new organization Into' close touch with
the rarloua frultgrowera' .associations of
the State.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
«* J Ca-anagh. Wash
E M Gulsta. Waah
J R Baker, Chgo
H Orsacher, City ¦
Mrs Oraacher. City. ¦
P T Craig. Los Ang-
Mrs Craig. Los Angr
G Pop*. Brooklyn
Mrs X Wtlley. N T
T Gilbert. BrooTtlyn
W A Frost," Chicago
G M Woodlord. NY
A W Buddenbenr. M.O
C L Smith. Wash
J F Sartorl. Los Ang !
J T Te—ipleton. Mo
C B Bcoville. Chlcago
Mrs Scovllle. Chicago
C W Dunlap, NY -
Mrs Dunlap. NT
W H Granbery. NY
Mrs Granbery, NY'
Miss Granbery, NY
W Gersay. NY
Mrs J L Rice. N V
E F Wood. NY
Mrs Wood. NY "
Hilda Wood. N V
Mra Toles. N V
F B Taylor. Boston
Mrs Taylor. Boston '
MtssWßKimball. Mass
R D Wlnhart. IU I
R D Jackaon, Waah
Miss H Massey, Phlla
Miss M Majsey. Phlla
Mlsa B B Felton, Ga
Mlaa A M Felton. Ga
Mrs Doyte, San Mateo
Mlsa Doyle. San Mateo
Mlsa English. B C
Mlsa Corbaald. B C
H Doyle. B C
Mrs T Chase. Boston
O Codman. Boston
'E A*'Fo»ter. Dawson
'Miss Fannll, Dawson
Ml»s A Fannll.Dawson
jC W Armstrong, Utah
MrsHSStebblns. Wash
iMrs C W Waldron. Cal
G A Carr. London
PR Todd. N V
EL Some-. Chicago
Anerback. Boston
W Wlnslow. Boston
B Howard. Cal
Mrs Ho.ward. Cal
F Graham. Cal
Mrs J H Henry. Cal
Mra W Hurlburt, Cal
Mlsa T E Henry. Cal
H E Campbell. Cal
J P Howeli, wf. N V
A M Harris, wf. 111
GRAND HOTEL.
W Rogers. Los Gatos
T B McXerltt. Vacav
T H Stmnlonds, Gni«sV
B R Banning. Oakland
¦W J Fl»k. Oakland:
H E Menage, Oakland
H La—tpman, Oakland
"W C Hayes. Oakland
W T Coutts. Bakerafld
C E Lilly, Santa Cra
H T Gamble & w, Ta-
coma '
G Pacheco i w. Cal
I Pacheco. Cal
E Lockett, Ogrdea
W R Stelner tc vr. VTts
A "Wellhelmer. Fresno
E Champeaux, NY
R N Hawley IT 9 N
W H Btsham. Chicago
E A Huntingdon. Chlo
A J Rolls. Chtcas-o
C Flnney. Boston
J Brown &w, Minn
M J Wright, Sacto
Mrs E E Max— ell, Cal
Mrs J E Keet & tj.
Springfield
Mrs E Stelllar. NT
O Bancroft, Cincinnati »--\~,'
A C Butler, Idaho -
G R Rider *_jr. Cal
J H Moore. §ta Jose
C F Killer jr. Stictn
J McCuddla. Vallejo
S E Burnett. Denver
J M Shaffer, Kans
H Jacksan. Placervllle
jMrs C Og-den. Sacto
iP J Sim—tonda. Cal
E C Hart. Sacto
MG M Gordon, Oinaha
FA Place. N T
LC Thorson. Ft Dodge
J Marzen. Nev
D P Dobbin*. Cal
E C Schlueter & w. Cal
J Crale A w, VToodlnd
ED Donohue &w. Cal
J A Jones * w, Waah
T Roach, Petaluma
R S Bro--, Petaluma
E T Cardie, Stockton
E A Robinson. Cal
Mm F Cox. Sacramento
'G W Peter. Sacto
(Mrs H V Jackson. Nev
[Nettle Jackson. Nev
J Water land. Reddln*
1
LOTTEBY DRAWING.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
—OF THE—
Honduras National Lottery Co.
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.
%'.:}o-\ t^ATENT APPLIED FOR.J
Slnftle Nimber, Cl»«« "C" Drawn at
Puerto Cortex, Hondora*, C A., on Satur-
day. March 10, 1900.
Xa. Prlx«.|Xo. Prize. |Xo. Prix*.
233 14, 273 4i> 5H IS
324 24 537 24 *H. U
687..-. J4 743 16 7«3 It
806. 4") S6B 14 »37 4>>
1064. 16? 1144 SO U*» 1«
12-7 ..A *>l 12»». 4>>{ U7l ?)
172. 16 1524... IS| IS3S *>
n0i.. ...... 24 22H8 IS! 2i»4 1*
23W 34 235» 4O* 2«W M
2517 431 2535 I*' 23»<l 1*
237i> „. *.); 304* If BSOI 1*
32X> W 333«. 15f 3&IS U
3333 1S( K37 18. 3761 8»
3828 16 3SSS 24| 3533 1»
419> 4">i 42+> M! 4273 U
i 2&» S4 4340 16. 4374 1*
4525 16 tZiS 24 4724. *J
4&4« 1«: 4350 16. SOO6 +)
60*1 24 51!4 24, i2M «
5321 16 5323- 4.>! 6433 1«
6S2!> 16[ 5533 ;. W| 5644 *t
6743 24 67 5 « 24i 5«3 24
5317 *>[ 6202 4.>; SZii 18
6547 4»i «47 14, 8733 54
6752 IS 6517 MS 635» 1«
6971 24 6583 14 7923 M
70<8 4t>( 7250 16i 7444 1*
7461 ISI 7534 «t 7483 M
7670 24 7843 l«i Titi. ...... 24
7342 16| 7353 16! B>>77 24
S24S 24 S2si> 1* 8238 - 18
83<« 241 832S 24 S&M SO
SS3* 4i>( 83t>7 I*. 83S<> 24
!»554 16. 955« 161 »730..._.... S4
9535 • 24 9»i2 4>>K»XL 18
10121 241W161 l«ilflC37 ~. »
10263 1411035: 40)10875 1*
10*03 H.1KU.. ...... *¦*> I>#Z IS
10S30 is;u«4 50J11230.. ....... IS
11371 _6i1144« 8011308 SO
11312 1S:U6O« 16 U7U U
11747 24JU545 18 UB4» 1»
uses 24iii«s M "i6!ia« 4»
12137 21 12144.. Klinn.;:..-.. 14
12213 16(12389 24112443 2+
12547 16i126M :J4 _r7M...-...- 1*
12775 18:i277«— .;... 15.12304.. ...... 80
i 13013....;.- -. 34 13014 15j13021 40
13150 __O:U168.. - 40)13173.. S4
123L-* _- 1613461 1* 134*4 li
15438. 18;i3856...; 12t)i137e3.. 16
U?2B 2413379 «0J1»25 «
1415S 24J14130 15' 14254 IS
14310 „. 15114323 24j1434.> 4-)
1457* 16 14«7 _. J» 14713 1«
14765 » 147J1 - IS 14331 16
150*4........ 15,15092 24113137 IS
15257 15J1527S IS;U3IS 24
U343 50;1354» - 16'U«» IS
15tfU 13iU711 40i1574$ 24
1.758 > 24;15»06 16:15520 IS
13834 »O!l»978 .-. W|l«67 IS
I*s*4 lS:iSO7!> 16 15193- 18
16113...,-... 16,16233 ;.. 18 16321 - 2*
16477.. .:>.. 16.1645S - 16.16314. 40
16371... . E0il7»» 24J17133, It
17139 4->;'17131 .'. . ' 151172W 80
.17251 1*17328 16,17413........ 2*
17530 16117711 1«|1777« 24
173C6 24J15043 18S1807J 16
15079 1811517S BOISISS IS
15206 15U253 l*il«2S9« 24
IS4.M 241*413 - l«!lSS51 - IS
15725 16;i5777 80J15974 40
19153 16 IJ4S4 24 1947J 24
19595 24r195>» • 4a(13«33 10U>
15742 40J13520...- ISjIJSSO 1*
13534 40J15923 I«!b95J 4»>
13562 MtaOOOO.- +V2OS7S 4->
20256 8a'20327 l*;284ll> Bt>
20<54d J4'20651^ - » 2>^«3 IC
»732 4020852.. 2421121 • 24
51220.. ...... 2421251... 4021273 24
21254 16 21361 40!_t517 80
21504 _0!313»3 „ SO:22CCS *>
2.153 1612223S 16.'22271..: IS
22550 -16122565 16 22587 4.J
225J6 .16 22322........ 43:23384 IS
23541.' 1623600 3412MU IS
2375S 24|23*49 24;23908 24
24134 40 24304 24 24331.. 24
24385 1«;244i6 16 24511 TO
24649 16;2467» 21 24751 M
24355 24 25016 4O:250« 24
•GUI 4*25252 24 2542t>1 24
r>437 m 25514 24 2S*» 24
25773 24 1 253«>4 *> 25*» 1*
IS^SaW 16(2*175 16
26053 -. 16,26131 16;I«31 40
18363 8<>25373 l»i2S4i2 80
25311 15,'5857S 16 2WSS 80
29734 2425792 4-V2SS34 1«
25353 BOi2SSSS 16 270«3 123
27352 Bi)>nSs 16 27383 M
275&» 15.27713 15 27514 4.)
r9<» IS;SO2> ISJ2SCBI 'M
KH» 2425105 +>2tlU 24
2SI« ie;2Sl93 4025233 IS
25344 40j2»372.. ...... 1825431 M
25504 IS2SS9* 16:»«'>i 400
25524 2425514 24J25029 U
»WI 16:23080 24 ! 23244 IS
_3_6<J 24 23574 40:2930s *>
29*55 16|2!»»3..: 40-30250 IS
30302 2430303 IS'3O4JI »¦>
30613 24'3G6S> 243t>571 120
S^M 40i3"539... 1630555 IS
30963 «8O_0» 50!31i»3 4->
31095 4"J'11144 8031133 St>
312C3 16,313*5 16 31111 15 j
31435 1631500 M 81509 24
JUi: 1*'3152S 1«!3182* 1$
31655 40 3193 !4;32«3 *»
32273 4032275 1M'32230 80
32409 15:32383 1«;3265l 24
32341 18;32347 15|S32© 4»
332*5 4*33835 *0 33730 IS
33««l 15;339» 1634-M1 1*
3406* 16,341>1 24J34221 ?>
34243 403444J 80:34514 24
34616 2434«2 .... 2434714 16
34723 16J34730 80:3474« 1*
1430* 24!J5111 , MJ35121 1*
35211 24135271 * 18i55377 24
35510 40;35711 «1C740 40
35775 *V«; 33555 18'35>« 18
SSS64 2438274 24 ! 36430 16
3MS« 1636572.. ....... 24}3671S ' 24
39755 16SSS46 2438559 40 |
3«?34 15137200 2J:S73I* 1»
17371 16J37337 16137435 1»
J7471 16.'3747S 24,375t).. ...... 16
17333 16,3300? 16:.3501J _ 24
1S1l«) 163538> 16133375 24
354?2 2435604 49138773 IS
3SJOI 49135524 40;35904 U
3532! 15-33047 3C010i3353 40
30377 80!3945« 12'V33««. 120
3S-K3. ....... 4000 1 33«7S 503368S 4?
£B*6 16;33«31 24133901 +>
4«»7.> 15 4">»7 IJI4OIOI 40
40153 ' 24i404« 40(4044t 16
4063S 18!4Oiiyr *4;4-Wl5 16
4<)730 16 40814 _6!4>*O* 24
41252 24 41381 5041410 24
4U9-1 40.41643 40!41794 1«
42317 W|42073 18i42138 129
42209 164=34 18 r 42362 24
iT475........ 24 [42500.: 40U2553 18
¦¦fesiO 18'4271S 40*42813 24
4.312 IS. 42944 1614303 24
43U2 16431«4 4t> 43253. 24
43272 16:43233 24143455. 16
43_0S 24!43554 24!43841 4>>
43fig_ 16-44021 24'4423_ IS
44J!2 15 44543 1644573 14
4487» 24 4453T........ 15!44573... IS
44957... 24 45063 16 45077 1$
43108........ 49 45153 24;45260 1*
4J325. ....... 16 45504 80:45594 16
45543 2445*4* 16 45555 24
4.J539, 16 4SV? ' IS 45M» SO
4*19«;. ...... 244<?>2 m! 45227 16
45437 IS 45507.. 4«>V4iCIS M
4C19 16 46349 1*48S«1 16
4«10 18(4*554 1846723 24
4*733 r... 15;44518.-. 4>>1«912 JSi
4*187 -15147035... • 16147191... : IS
475« 24U7350 1547424. 54
473«4 24U76C3... 40t4758S 2«
47735 24|47323 24|47*»1........ 54
45.T25 24U5099 -: 24148136 120
45208 40;45432 40:4*474 U
I 4S*» 40;49«27.. H:«S24 14
45327 16 43145.V. « 43139 14
43334 43 4)358........ 1443373 IS
43+1S 24 49424 HU9SQ7 U
43755 ' 1«[4993S 16143985 &)
4391.5 16} * I
50.729 40!50104........ 4050158 M
50317 UisnJ43 15^557 120
50400 2415W03-. 18!5O711 24
M7S9 40(50951....... 24'50D73..;i.... U
SHS3 • 8*51184 24151442 2t
;i557: . »'51753 «H31751 U
51543 1651572.; M[5l39S 24
5»03_ v. 1613H07... SO!.S2_3 1«
;-_>7 2452223 165240>) 11
5-473 I»!j2SC9 24 r 529M... 24
J2355 16,52970 4<J!32997 24
BsSJ 40'5n«-» 4»!532r^........ v
5»^6 24'334-S 24!53415 «
am........ 18153M1.. ...... 24151571. H
£rT4?........ 24 537?4... 2\Z3X>\ +»
533 M ....... 40;r3535. ....... 15;54011....__ > 11
54133 16M1M «i>»JM 24
54342 4OL-4400......... 2454574 » U
<i*'J» .... r , 2<!i4*J3 161547J3........ 1J
54733" 18i54»23... *)'54373... »
54559 ....... s*'s*m 4f1i54335........ n
85445 24J55557 16:55«41... 24
SSa 1855514........ 16i55904... PO
IVm' . g0!iC82... 405«23«........ 14
««»*-' .' 16:5«49<} 4*.58545.. .._... v
Ec7l' _ 14*56643 Sfl's«aSA.: M
.TOO ¦¦•16:SS8S4 MiSTOOI.. is
J7CI9 15!571«3........ 1fc15733S M
57373. 8057414........ 24157428 .4
57*35........ 15;37«4T........ 11157G63.... . 80
r77- 3 49p73&^ 4fl!s.Sfl«H M
Ea_n::::: ¦-* «sn« i6;»52i3........ w
J5.33 40;.55250 ._ M!.t376 800.)
£43 ...... 24 55552 .-l-55MR5......;. ¦ «
JS7-V _5!5554Q... ...... U;s®« 24
KOtS 24153073.. 1fj53121 v
55"W.. ...... 16559250......... 40!53477........ v
Sai-U. .' 16:59533 13J15371* _»
J5753. ..:...-. ¦ ¦54i«00i» IiICOW.. 40
SCI34 .16160193 W!502(J1.7 _«
<«315.. ....... 16«H33.. 506044«... ?>
«754 ISiSCSM 24;60922.; ;4
«taa».v T is;so9sg.-.......-- is «wn.. 49
6U».... 16'«1179 f0161570 ]j
«IC2 - 24 f 6I?IS 2451«e3........ U
n.«S3-.-.... 24'61327....^.. ¦16 62112 M
,5«1_4 16!«21« 16'«2100.......; ;4
«2248........ 120152255........ -18 «*« .-. •* !
52348..;..... I*'B23«T. t4'«2SSH... - »
5H575... • 18*52«7«.....T.. • ie:«27*r ..IS
ttSZS... . '4f1«52«3....~.. - Mi«2M2... 24
63WTT....... ¦?>!«*»n'..:-~.. • ' ir«3OSS... ig
6J17!).. ....... 16'83251-...~.. «!63.4»......^ 1«
«33Tf.... . 14!6»41T..__~. M'S3st«.. .. 24
83579 40163515.. ...... 24.83717.. 40
LOTTERY DBAVIHQ.
No. Prtze.'No. Priie-!X<x Prize.
637» :i;637J7 40 63TJ4 Zi
6353 !.. 18,«j3587 15 *J_flS S»
43510.. " 1553347 1562JSJ 1*
64I0» 16<!4=3 40 64.41 li
64T0 1664353 10.5+4.1 2*
*4_» 24U447 16 >54554 *>
64'IM 15, 64304 .4'4SO*A 1*
65C25 24,15144 24.ii.«n2 " *J
tiZm 8»;«5437 1« «»4« 2*
85514 li 'Z^-i :ivW **
65737 1a.5<03.: M *5«37 «
6«»7 40 €«ll> 1* SSIJ* S*
6816. SO SS-74 24 <i*Vt3 1*
*(SIJ 24.86717.. 24S«rf3 40
67274 24.575:* -.•.(67411 1*
67144 24 47574 _.Ji»77^i li
&132 W'«5312...'. I^SJSr 2*
«3sl 1. 6>633 4V 5.'7.1 2*
6S*77i> U,£1^14..- 4i> iSJvkl IS
«&>C .i?«*43 «.«Krj 24
«)143 1«,5317S :.. '80'Oi>4 2k
«*»» wiscn: ic:s3(cs 1*
63*«1 .«;.!>!< t1.7>37 ?>
7')U4.-. , 8>)7»13t». 18 T0233 24
7C3i» 1575409 13>7C4«7 1*
7CIS4 15,70»W U,7W43 1*
7U352 _a?,;iuO* Wi7li»»o SO
TICS* 24 711S0 4»i71£41 4>>
71SS 2t:713T.4 W:713» 1*
71403..- 40 71621: 400.7U33 ~ 1*
71S2S 1672179 V)!7=23.. ...... 14
72331 SO^-SWr lSrr»44 W
12M4 24 727i7 IS TZZTi S>»
72?U '44t729<3 24 7TX3 - 2*
730 M 24,7X=3 H.732i0 *>
7353 16;7E%- SL7SM3 .. ?>
7^634 I0!73!0 18 725J4 24
TSS33 Wi73*» 13 74i)43 _. 2*
14215 4-}'7424i> 2» T»«» I*
7431S I*T4*S I-J 7»-k^3 1?>
74433 24;7«U M.T454S 1*
74734 M 174733 :i74.583 .'. *>
74310. WiTaXS) 15 7512J -. 21
T5130 24)73433 IS 7J-U3 1*
7=i_« IS;7C32S 2s 7i>W SO
75073 43i7«21 24 75174. 21
752-M 18.75T3 24 78371 1*
7«TJ 1« TWO _aj7g«S> 40
7«k71) 24:7TT'C tS 75774 -i- 1*
76754 16;7t«4<> 4t> T?K4 *>
7^398 ;4i771W7 4077351 •»
7743J ISS774'..'* 4U.77H31 12»
T75H.... «!77»M IS TTSW *>
Tpn 1«!773*i. _ IST*.** 1*
7S«XI 18i7StJ7 247Slti> 1*
75315 -6:753^. 2t^« J'J
7*34 16 75733 li 7»7) 2*
Ts«Bi 2i;73io<> *>s:« J*
732T0 40;7925» *> 7«i"« W
T35C3 ...- 16-74190 _ 13 T3*') IT)
ne»:*C is;z«M2 *orjS4j s.>
to«s3 i6;t*«o !6;%-<r3 1*
gOIU 120^0138 24 301SS 4>
50172 50.30404 - 24-V*f7 ?>
sSm ....".. -9**-£2.. ' I* SUSS 2*
tin: 24 n*t>..... i6*_3=<> - w
?_&....:_. »»st« »_:«jw "
r*47 24'527»tl 16?»*4 1*
52311 24523 C* »«5_ \~
5W7...-.-..- l«:««a. 24«034 1»
»3«4 .... 24S3IX*. 21i30*« 1*
i3I7J "".I 40 53214........ KS33U. ~ *>
«3«7 ""I." 4^»3723 120r537» 2»
54045 W44133. 1« ;?«?«. *»
S3! :: SUJSzg ?v^:™:::: it
!SI'"::::: ic«»> - «
g^::::::: S::::::: S"-
1?S:::::::: ggft:==:: |
57346 WS74I? "ISSJ i?
s-iM "4 S7SSI 4Ci377»7 .— 24
r^:::::-::: win!?:::::::: »M »
JSJI3 2455137 s *_*_2 }?
«51<7 1""... «!BST» «*=« J*
552= ........ 24**364 » ?^J« "
i^l TSSBS7 1«,«S«» 1*
m-1:::: ««3*> i*.«m» «
..1.... M- 35723 B»*>C3- ~ *>
W.IIJ .... 18 90+43 X».«Ha5 1*
i^ |l^ SS::::::: |
I :::::: v 2IS:::::::: $3bzzs S
Pi--"" a&EB SS:::::::: g
io :.:...: 24,3»>4 4*
i££ is «sn *:::::: wiasn - *>
tgS i* 327T4 W3»13 21
fe::::::: »-»a» »g«m
B— Hi IP i h It
S::::: 2495t« ux?» j*
2435373 J!-S2l ~ tl
1:;e:; t&M m^ I
S-S? 24'M5324 160«a> **
22g «?4ofe::::::: *^wio «
Sffi « ss3 r i }t
S sss 16-SA44-> 15J5.,24 W
»¦»*« gi*g «
mais-i 4<> f 917? , 24 JW34. ...«.•• •*
wlap* «M» «
53733 «i I , .
APPROXIMATION PRrJES.
100 nan-be-, frcm 23.997 to 3J."« tnclustv- bj-
lng 50 numbers on each side (of the numbe?
drawing the capital prixe of p,**-** l - ,_
1!» numbers frcsi SS.3=S V* 53.4?S inrtusive. be-
ln? SO numbers on each side cf the number
d-awinr the capital prixe of Us* I*—CJlWndmter1 *— CJ-
lWndmter from ».6CO to ».7» incl-sf-e. be-
Hr SO numbers on each side cf the number
drawln? the capital prixe of |4CC«>— IIS.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
909 nsrabers endir.g with 47. bwn? the two last
fjrures cf the nursber drawing the capital pri*»
° f »!fnui_bers ending with 75. being the two'last
fignres of the number drawing the secona
capital rriie of »>'*— lS-
The subscriber having: supwrvtsed the stagii
number drawing. Class "C." Honu'uras Nation-
al Lottery Company, hereby certifies that th«
above are tae numbers wWrt were this day
drawn from the lW.oro placed tn the whe*l
w"lth the prtxes correspcndlnj to theni. Wit-
ness my hand at Puerto Cortes. Honduras, C.
1^- "^^S^CAHELLE,
(.ignea^ Con-nissioner.
lU.MO FOR Jl-OXE-HALF OF FIRST CAPI-
TAL PRIZE.
"tate of Ne- 1 York. County of New York— sa.
" Mlchete Florentino. fceinff dnty sworn, de-
Dose* and says: That ha resides at No. 14.
U^ion street. Brooklyn. N. V.; that he Is
hoKl*r and owner of one-half ticket nnmtered
W 9C* of the Hon.luras National Lottery Com-
pany, which ticket was drawn on February 10
1300- that said number won the first capital
prize of 130.CG0; that he has received the rea
of |13.fVin full payment of said half ticket
N ?i!_£ed> MICHELE FLORENTTNO.
Sworn to before me this 20ta day of February.
° P
4P V ™!-S*M avenne. Chicaco. Illinrts. and
that* he Is the bena fide hol-lar or one-^raarter
tteket Vo *X 902. class B. Hcndu-ia NaUonal
LotSrr CwSSaay. drawing of which was held
c£"7£rfa7 February V*. 10CO. at Puerto Cor-
SsV. SSSSwi-. C A., which number dr*-- tte
flrjt csiDltal -rU* of tSO.WVk.
««l_ned) ' AUGUST DS EEU.
Witness^ NILS M- LORENTZ.
Stabacribed »nd awora to before ma this 23d
da ( T .l^*d) brUanr " F. DECKER,
(-.igneaj Notary PcbUc
IT» FOR 25 CENTS — ONK-ETGHTH OS*
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2tV 13WV
" Before me. Max Toember. .eissr flnrt duty
rwors. says that he Is resident at f> Pitt street.
_7^*w York City: that he Is the bona. fida
_£lde? of one-eighth ticket No. 6<*,»T2 In the
Srawin- of February 10. tm, of the Honduras
National Lottery Company. Hondor-a. C. A-
which camber won the first capital prise oC
_30fi«*> and the money r»><»lved in fnO.
<«I>n-d> MAX TOEMBET. « Pitt street.
Sworn to before me this 20th day of February.
SAMUEI* ZIPRXS.
Notary PubHc New York Coanty.
l_7_o FOR 25 CENTS — ONX-ETGHTH OB"
- FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE. ,
State of New York. City and Coanty of Ne-»
# Before me Philip WendUnd. « notary public
for and in the county of New Tort, personally
came David Levin. Max Tofcnach and Mor*s
Talmach. who. being; duly, sworn. *ay that
they are aa residents of the city of New Yorfc.
a* follows: David Levin." No. SIS Madison,
street- Max Totmach. No. 27S Madison street:
Mores Tolmach. No. « Attorney *treet. tn the
city of New York, and tnat they are the bnna
C<!e owners and holders of on«-*isfhth ticket
No »So_ In the Honduras National Lottery
drawing «>' February 19. 19*». ne!<l at Pu«Tti>
Cortes. HocuJnras. C. A., wfcic!, numbj^ won
the first carnral 3rtz» of O>,OA ar..i Us* said
tirtet was proaptly paid on p-^entation.
<«i_— .ed> D. LE^V^N.
Ulgneci M AOC TOUIACH#
MOKES TOLiLVCH.
$SZtf™"&n& WTNDLAND.
ULgneci ... Notary PubUa.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wadaesd-r. March 14.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgensea. 35 hoars froa Es_
reia. with two barges la to-».
Tv« Re=«ctw. Thornpeon. 39 hours Crsra En
reka. with- dr*«lr*r in tow •
Ship- Oriental. Parker. U day» from Oyster
Schr Ida. Schaaner,' Sorensen , IS days from
PortGamb^ BATUED _ '
. Wadnesdar. M_pcl» U.
Strar Brt raorwiek. Aadreaen. . . ¦
Scar Barbara Hernster. OUea. — -» •
PARTXERS WAATED.
PARTNER wanted in a thoroughly established
wholesa:* business: X20.<0» necessary. If you
hay. Nat the money do not answer. Box
44a. Call ofgc*.
I'EK>O\ALS.
GENTLEMAN. J4. scn-.e capital, desires ac-
«iuasutasce or servant or country girl: object,
aatrimeny: rtfere nc*s must be exchanged.
Ad4r-ga box 3115. Call ogee.
I? ELLE-OUDRI
IS NOT A LADY.
L Stoaac Fat, having bought Carop 24. Victoria
Island, from viuottg =lr.K. am not responsible
f- r acr d*bts contra«*4 ty him previous to
the burlng. TEONG FAT.
MR. A. WILUAM. who resided at S3S Geary
St.. IES3. i>s>e cr— :mar.ica.te with J. E.
GLUCK, International Hotel, Immediately.
PRIVATE detective work done by experienced
rr.a.n: reliable. Address box 3042. Call office.
PRIVATE detectiva work; reasonable rates-
10 years" exp*rienoe. J. B. RAY. C 7 Jessie at.
STAMMERING corrected; booklet. J. WHITE- I
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden St.. Oakland. !
AN exp«rl«no«_ ciassetlse wishes to rive maa-
»»« treatment to a few more 'ladies at 'their
home; phyfioians' references. Address __>•
>«g>. fr'Q Ellis st.
MARRIAGE PAPER.
Bert published — FREE.
J. W.^GUNNELLS. Toledo. Ohio.
P— -G carpets wove to crCer and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer In
carpet twin*, in har.k or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, TO Fifth. Oakland, j
LEDERER .Qulntcnica is a perfect hair tone; !
25c boc Ij«Kierer'» foa— 10 shatr ipoc is tie
be«t 5g pkg. p. LEDERER, IZi Stockton st.
A FINE auit to order Sl» 75. cr pants IS 73; our ]
specialty in 1— — mants allowa us to sell cheap-
er than readr-made. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et., t*t. ;ta and Sth. prop. One-price Tailor- 1
ing Co.. 122 Kearny. near Sacto.; also 1644 I
Market St.. under St. Nicholas^ }
ELECTRIC lights in every roc— l; Winchester j
Hotel. 44 Third rt., near Market: 130 rooms; :
25c to II io p<?r night; 11 o0 to « per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE fashionable people all go to LEDERER' S j
to have th?lr hair dressed: newesj styles asd I
latest effects. _sc; manicurincr. 25c; neatest X
parlors is the city. 13 Stockton et
ELAND'S second-hasi clothing etc-?. 7J Ninth:
full value given for ladies', children's ca»t-o2
clrthir-g. trunk*, etc Phone. Howard 11S2.
MME. ADA cures rfceurr latlsn l, headaches, aeu-
""• _ a: all pain leaves like magic frcm her
wonderfully glftM hands. 1343 Howard at.
W A NTED—OId gold for rnanuf-g. O. NOLTeT
>wt!er. 24S O'Farr*!!, bet. P-w*!l and Maeon. j
IF you with fuil value for your cast-off cloth- !
'.r.g call ca B. Conen. ITT Third: tei Black 4 lit j
l_ArrES' and gents' cast -off clothing bought and I
aold. Silver— ias. SS4 Folscm: tel Folsom 11M, j
ALASKA fur garments. h-y,ds. mitts, leather
ccat-. H. M KETNEMAX. I"* Sacsome it.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONXELL— Ofice and residence*
VTIH Market «T.. bet. Strta and Seventh.
PLUMBERS.
W. c. LANE, phoca Ualn Hi. «C 3 California
st. : everybody's clumber.
REAL. ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
AT'3Z^PEc_r*~cor~" "
L^an Mosey.
eC7 Market at., eppcaite Kaauray.
P&. ooo— Grand comer. 75 ft. front; half block
frcm Market rt.. not far from 6th: renta 1300.
155. 0uO — Rare lnv eatn lent: vicinity Powell and
G«ary; 4-story brick building; eton ea and lo<ig-
in*--hou*e above; 36 feet front.
UZ.VHO— Corner; rents 1400; modern lzcprove-
m^cts: lot SOxISJ feet.
S2C.r«X) — Near Edly asd Jcn»e: atore and 24
rooms above: modern; pays 7 per cent net.
$24.000— Sixth et.; 75 feet front; rents 12400
yearly; good tu;:!:c — : 4 stores.
ISOkO— Six elegant new flats; lot 50x100 ft.;
all i-nted for I*4 a month: grand barrain.
tT6Tj*— Six good Cats; rents !W<l yearly; down-
town: lot 50 feet front.
je^O— 3 choice £a.v; Hayes st.; mortgage
:-. ¦•¦ a snap.
SaTK — Pest st.; 3 good flats; rents ISO; lot
27x::0.
IS2C0 — Corner etc— s ard 6-roc— 1 flat; rants U7;
fcreclo— in s.
Ki:o— 4 fiata with'.n few blocks cf Sth and
Market fts. ; rente US.
11738 — Two nice flats; rest* t1«.53.
J— A — Six rooms and lot 45x72 feet-
A. M. SPECK & CO.. ««7 Market St.
SOL GETZ * BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADCrAHTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Otter* eecure targains frcm us! Why not you? j
CHOICEST RICHMOND LOTS!
!~X t» JwjO — Ready to build on; Isstallzaeats. j
SUNSET LOTS.
COP to SSOO— Graded and sewereS; soperb
view; |l!) rr..."~y.
SI3C to HoO— Near Nineteenth aye. and Ocean
boulevard lots from H to Oct.;O et.; IS monthly.
HOC to n»— Level lots, near Mission street !
electric car line; also cheap cottages en tn- j
•tali— :ests. ;
Call fer Mt;i and Dlarra— is.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
ISSOO
.. .l-£ cash; balance — kk ithly payments
Rents 1723 a year
r*w modern Cats J-Jst finished. 631 Waller St..
>-...-.__., pi^i— « and Scott; one short biock |
fro-i Halght-at. cars. F. NEL6ON. builder, j
en p— ;— :lgeg. !
t!4:o— WHERE can yen do as well? New cot- !
t»ge. also stable; only 1 block from Folsom
et. car. Apply h * w ' and Montcalm.
Ryan's grocery-
IF jrcu have lets in Richmond district, north of
ta« Park, that you wl.a to cell c/Jickly then
c*U en W. J. GCXN. £39 California at.
HAVE you real estate In the Mission or Hor-
net's Addition that yoa wish to dlscoee of
tc<»n call en W. J. GUXN. E3O California st. j
t2S."iO— WORTH 14000; store. 3 rooms, bath; flat !
abore. 5 rooms, bath: rented t». 1417 Paclac j
COTTAGE— fi -xraa. bath, basement, stable: H \
block from Market at. Apply 2433 Folgom »t.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For S»le j
A GEXTXVE "Ssar" bargain; must sell tils
week: ¥• ao-s very richest of highly culti-
vated l»vel ls*_a in crcp; not an inch of
waste- fenced: 119 bearing fru'.t trees: resi-
<S»ace. ham, 2 wells, etc.; 14 njUes from city;
csly ttKSO.
N D SICKELS— the LAND AGENT.
18 Geary St.. crp Chroc'.cle betiding. S. F.
A BARGAIN; 12000 ranch for 11200; 160 acres,
house barn, etock. furniture: mil level; party
roing to '^«pc Nora*. Particulars to H. MAY-
jCXRD. Heaters, Tetuuna Ccunty. CaL
FTVE bttilfilr-g lota ia c»nt-r of Stocktca City;
lj-.elr Mclaughlin a CO.. — h Market.
Kon l «-T.— : cneap: I-aere fl-alt and chicken
w.ci!Tcw« Frultvale. Itaulr. at black-
«nita ahep, Diaiona. CaL
6tc ACRT23 in etamsiaua Coanty. near ran-
»--»- water: growing crops; under feno» and
all 'ether irsprovemects. For particulars ad-
drUTVcallW. P. CROW. t-ST Polk, city.
MARION GRIFFIN. 71* Market, nr. Call l bide.
Lar.d for sale In 80-otr.*. Contra Costa. Gltna.
Eaeta Cruz. Ehaata and Tehama Cos.. CaL
ROOMS FOR lIOCSEK _^ E _ P , l^^__
i-TrTpoPVIA. 2C3— Sunny parlors cr rooms for
t £fcf teSe-WgtoJ; gas ra^ge; reasonable.
mjavr «'T— Fr» -nt bet lsekeeptng roonia- fur-
siFfced; gplend'id location; private residence.
T-iT-Hi S-3— 2 and S furnished housekeeping
£lb l ba-tXlia to 120; alao alngle. 14 tt> $6.
5-TFTH. 245-2 rooms furnished for housekeep-
4 njr; cteap reat^ '
HARRISON 731— Four rooms furnished com- ;
fl£« jr_/^___^jrg_J_fge_ y «-rd; bath; »5.
HYDE. 408— Two -«nntiy front sal tea complete
for houtekeepintr. H«; »'»° gutte - ***¦ '
:vy. 23. near Hayes-2 laixe sunny «nfnr-
r.i.h^d rooms; sink and a lovely r*rd; 11.
SfISSIDS 2Ks— Three cr four .urnUhed s-Any
¦¦-¦ .i^kee^tsg rouds; bath; yard; laundry-
S> S7 IK off Howard, near Sevesti— 2 or 3
r^ ins fi_rsl-Je<l ccmpleta for housekeeping.
Oil-:. Jl>— l large aunny front room: "jnge;
clo*>t: famiehed cosylete for hou-M:ee£.g. 49.
POLK. ITl7— Sunny housekeeping rootta. 2, 3
" or *. <-~r.g«-tlng; lIP. t!2 and IK-
EUTTHrt. :m— rurciihed rooms: single and
en BStUs also housekeeping; terms reasonable.
TENTH. 13#— Sunny front room; furnished for
iiett*«k*.»pina\ ! ___________
TIIIKTEtNTH. ta, nesr V_rlencia— 2 sunny
hcusekir*p:r^ rooms; stove and water; rent 13.
TWENTY -FIRST. 3278. near Valencia— B sunny
Bous<;k-fp:ng rooms; bath; laundry; 128.
VAN VXBSi 4C2— 3 suany connecting rooms.
rcirpleta lor tcuse keeping ; stationary tubs;
>ard. • v- -'¦>•¦¦
CLASSIFIED advertlaemenu aad aabscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmora St.
A~ERANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
edbscriptlo-s has teen established at 1336 Va-
lg-cla t. - ' •
A BKA-NCH office for th« reception at adver-
tise— irsta asd subscriptions fcaa b««a opcA«o
at 1221 Polk at.; cpea tin I;, a.
ROOMS TO LET— Farm, and Infarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
2Sc to X per nlrht; II IS to 15 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA. 23S Post et.. cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner ault« and single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all convenlencea. ¦
BURNETT. 1426 Market et. (old No. 13S4)— Fur-
nished mi., suites. Jingle: also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 832. near Powell— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms en suite or single, with
t«L or bath; rent reasonable. Phone Red 2415.
CARROLLTOX. 12M Market, cor. Golden Gat*
ave.— Ponny corner: well turn.: rms. tc officea..
CENTRAL. €2 Second st.— Nicely furnished
front rooms. $2 and S3 per week; respectable.
6 ROOMS, rent Jl2: 4 rooms, rent JIJ. » Cook
St.; apply 2S Clyde et.
ELUS. JIS— Elegantly furnished front and back
rarior: also single room.
FOLSOM. $34— Large sunny furnished room:
closet, bath; private; *4 50 per month.
FOLSOM. 965, corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
fumUhed rooms; suites or single; new mgmt.
GEARY 4J5 IThe Navarre)— Elegantly furniah-
ed roo— t». suites or single; travelers aecom.
HANCOCK House. 711 Misalon— Select family
rooming house; tl 50 to ii^ per week.
IVY aye.. 223. near Hayes— Very suitable sunny
-furnished roems; 2 windows; closet; German
family: >5 50. -
JESSIE. Sl2. o2 Ninth— A nice larre sunny
front room: private family.
MINNA €67. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay window rocm. 31 per week; transient.
MISSION IT2O— Sunny rocsn for two; running
water; grate; gaa; quiet house.
CFARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
POST 239 — Elegant transient rooms for tour-
ists; all conveniences; travellngmen: elevaty.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rma ;
ccltes cr single: running water; gaa; reaa.
ROYAL House. 1?6 Ellis .-.—lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking rocm and ladier par-
lor- roems. per night. SSc to tl 50; week. J2 ta
11. month. U to S2O; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hct and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 31. A J2l EUis St.— Rooma.
night. 2Sc to tl: week. II 25 to U: open night.
SAY ANTONIO. 21 Taylor, near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building: elevator; new
furniture: hot and cold water; radiatora; aalt
tea, baths: suites and single- rooms.
6HKRMAN Apartment Houm. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
ET PETER'S House. 706 California — Changed
hands; nicely furnished rooms; also hou*e-
keej>lng rooma. |_
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming houje
fcr good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK. IS. and 1122 Market (Parker House)—
Nicely furni«hed sunny suites: also other }
rooms; rent reasonable: by day, week or mo. |
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has fc*«n established at 10S6 Va-
lencia it.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
a» 1223 Pnlk «t. : cc--*ri qntll 9p. m.
~ ROOMS A\D BOARD.
A— HOTEL La Normandle. 326 Eddy— Sunny
suites and single rooms: everything new. first-
class table and service; prices moderate.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Marktt St.— El«-
gantly farnlsh*-3 sunny rooms: en suite or tin-
gle: with or without board; table first class;
reduced ratea.
NEW fair.lly hotel: first class in all appoint-
— i^rta; excellent table: special Inducements to
select people 807 California at., occupying
corner crpoelte Grace Church.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyd» & Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated: eleirant rooms.
BUSIT. SU— Fine runny roone, with beard.
LAS PALMAS. IS2O Market et..— Suite of 2 or 2
rma.: private; bath: aln. rms.: board optional.
VAN NESS. 944 (Tfce Wallace)— Roomn and
beard; reasonable; modern conveniences.
A WEEK'S tews for S cents— The Weekly Call.
It pares. In —Tapper, for — la'lln*. fl per v^ar.
SPECIAL SOTICES.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other;
eend 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies." in letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, fl up;
painting done. Hart— tan Paint Co.. 31» Third.
BAD tenants ejected for M: collection* made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 MontETi— <c— T »t.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
SH\VI>G MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 4S.
ALL kinds bought.- sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrinr at lowest rates. 295 Fourth at.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., ccr. Powall; teL Main 6711.
BEKIN'S Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market:
tel. South £35; packing, moving and storage.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
iXASEDA RE.U ESTATES.
11400— CORNER lot: Santa Clara aye.; SOxlSO;
near Morton-st. station.
Hsoo— Fine lot; 50x150; Paru at., near . the
bay: bargain.
11000— Elegant let, west side of Lafayette at.,
near San Antonio aye.; snap.
12500— New modern 8-room house: Alameda
avenue, near Lafayette St.; large lot.
13500— New Colonial, "-room cottage; Grand
at., near Alameda aye.; easy Installments;
large lot: snap.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda: all the
above can b« bought on easy terms.
Office cpen Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA. LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
FRDITTALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVAI-E RE AX ESTATE-
WANTED— To rent about I acres between
Frultvale and Haywards. Cited up fcr
chicken ranch; orchard. Address A. 8., $45
Grace ay... Golden Gate. Alameda Co.. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY. -
N OAKLASO REAL ESTATE.
(300 CASK.
Seven-room hocse; bath, pantry, china closet,
etc; in best residence portion; sunny, larga
lot: driveway; between 2 car linea;-doae to
business center, schools, etc; rauit be sold this
week; balance bank mortgage.
J. S. MYERS.
ISO! Broadway.
-'"¦" :".;.-"" Oakland.
J27M, REDUCED from $3500, to clean up an
estate; house, 7 roomy, bath, modern In all
appointments; barn and outbuildings; In the
best residence position; lot 50x120; flowers,
la.wn. etc.: convenient to business center,
cars, etc.; 1500 cash, balance bank mortgage.
J. S. MYERS.
ICC2 Broadway,
Oakland-
J>"i CASH, 16 monthly; chicken run of 50x254 ft.;
unfinished new cottage. 2 rooms; chicken
yard; all fenced: price all told {373; more land
can be had cheap; aoll. climate and water ex-
cellent, away from cold Winds and tegs; grand
view; near a W- foot- wide boulevard and alec-
trie car line; not - far from a fine 3-story
schoolhoufe; is building up fast; 4 houses al-
ready gone up on the place; We. tall Tract,
adjoining East Oakland; call or send for cir-
cular. 455 Seventh *t.. nr. Broadway, Oakland.
HENRY Z.. JONES. Owner.
JUST finishing modern 2-ato— r 7-room house;
I call and Inspect this week at 2106 Buena Vista
aye.: price 12650; terms; J42SO will build new
"bouse of 9 rooms: lot 50x150;' San Antonio
aye.; torms. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park.
FOR Kale In Oakland— 2 blocks from Adeline
station, in beet residence neighborhood ; large
modern house; every o Dnvenience: lot IWxISJ
or sv>xl22. as desired: cheap to close estate:
. tenna U deaired. HERON & HOLCOMB. 10>S0
Broadway. Oakland; Crocker building. S. F.
14500 WILL bey new modern house. 13 rooma;
' fine Improvements; large stable. 1520 Eighth
ay*.. Oakland; keys next door south.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to ' 1113 Broadway. Oakland. Adrer-
tlsemects and subscriptions received.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Wetklj
Call. II pages, sent to any address In . the
United States or Canada one year for 11.
postage paid.
~~ OAKLAND ROOMS.
SUNNY rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
in»: *4 uo. Hotel Sha»t», 1226 Broadway.
OAKLAND FCRMTCRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H.Scnellhaaa. the
furniture dealer.- llth and Franklin, O*»»~*- I
DIVIDEND HOTXCB9.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 77 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion. Company will be payable at th« office
of the company. No. 327 Market st.. on and
after Tuesday. March 20. 1900. Transfer books
will close on Wednesday. March 14. 1900. at
¦ a p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dtvtdend No. 7 (25 cents
per share) of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation
Co.. will be payable at the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market st., on and after Thursday,
March 15. 1900. Transfer books will close on
Saturday. March 10. 1900. at 12 o'clock m.
-. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE cf sale of personal property— Notice
Is hereby given, that pursuant to an order of
the Superior Court of the city and county of
San Francisco, State cf California. In the
matter of the estate of CATHARINA ROT-
ENKOLBER. deceased, the undersigned. th«
administrator of tha estate of said deceased,
will sell at private sale to- the highest bid-
der for cash, oa and after March 20th. 1300.
at the office of Geo. D. Shadbume. 616 Sacra-
mento street. ' said city and county, where
bids for said property will be received, all
that certain personal property, to wit.: 10
shares of the capital stock of Kohler &
Chase. This March 13. 1900. GEORGE ROT-
ENKOLBER. Administrator of the Estate of
Catharina Rotenkolber. deceased.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Edward Johnson. 23. 124 Oak street, and
Mamie L. Provence. H. 621 Harrison street.
Georxe A. Moore. 22. Butte Ciry. Mont., and
Leah Samuels. 17. 1823 Sutter street- •
Charles F. . Harders. 24. 554 Linden avenoa.
and Grace E. Cordes. 20. 23 Norfolk street.
Harris L. Moody. 30, Truckae, and. Emily R.
Anderson. 25. Truckee. j
Frank H. Dimmock. 28, San Jose, and Tiov
ence E. Welsh, 25. San Luis Obiapo.
Fernando P. Pedro, 22. city, and Grace Merri-
wenther. 19, city. . . -- , . ¦
John F. Lllley. JO. Oakland, and Lulu J.
Land!:*. 24, 716 Leavenworth street.
William Ambrose, 38. 3363 Twenty-sixth
street, and Irene T. Corville. 22. 376 San Jose
P. Atken, 30. 9008 Powell street, and
Kathryn E. Richards, 24. 1419 Stockton street-
Thomas J. Sullivan, 22. 204 Ellis street, and
May Bernard, 20. 42 Langton street.
James S. Mills. 27, city, and Anna M. Bohl-
manne. 2S, city. ¦
BIRTHS— MARBIASES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offleea and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
BORN.
ARGANTE— In thla city. February M, 1900, to
the wif« of G. Argante, a daughter.
DREWES— In this city, March" 13. *1900, to the
wife of H. Drewes. a son.
MOSS— In this city. March 12. 1300, to the wife
of E- Carlton Mosa. a son.
CLEARY— In this city, March 14, 1900. to th«
wife of Jeremiah CLeary. a son.
RIEGGER— In this city. March 7. 1900. to the
wife of J. R. Rlegger. a son.
MARRIED.
PELPTER— KELLY— In Sacramento. February
14 1500, by the Rev. Father Quinn. Jamea
Pelster of Lincoln and Annie E. Kelly of San
Francisco. •
~ DIED.
' Anderson. Exnll L. Hoffman. Wintam A.
Browne. Mary A. MeCormick. Annie M.
Butte Maggie Mclnnis, John J.
Corrigan, Michael McNeill. William
Cracna. Marie L. Mogun. Mamie \ .
Crosby Mark O'Brien. Dennis
Dealey Ernest N. Packham. Victorine
Doering. John. J. Panhorst. Carrie F.
Fitzgerald. Edward Roberts, Mrs. Mary
Forsyth, Charles L. Sankey. Carrie
Gibbs. C. V- S. Selleck. Jose-h E.
Grover. Hannah F. Thaaell. Isak
Hawley. Mary J. Wallner. Jonan P.
Hepworth. Susan H. Webster, Clarence A.
Hiribarren. L*on P. Wlckersham. Frank
ANDERSON— In this city. March 11. 1300. Emil
Leonard Anderson, a native of Sweden, aged
25 years and IS days.
C7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thur«day), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of th*- California Undertaking; Company. 406
Powll street, corner of Post, under the aus-
pices of the Scandinavian Society. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
BROWNE— In this city. March 13. 1900. Mary
At ies Browne, beloved widow of the late
James C Browne, and beloved mother of Mrs.
T H O'Brien. Mrs. A. F. Cosgrove and An-
nie Alice and James D. Browne, a native of
Rochester. N. V.. a?ed W years. A member of
the Third Ordtr of St. Francis. Ladies So-
dality of St. I-natlus Church and of Sunset
Council. Order of Chosen Friends. ',
E_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
tThursday). at SJO o'clock, from her late
r-aldence 948 Geary street, near Polk, thence
to at. Mary* Cathedral, corner Van Ncsa
avenue and O*Fairell street, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BUTTE — In the City and County Hospital.
March 13, 1300. Maggie Butte. a native of
Ohio, aged 63 years.
CRANNA— In this city, March 13. 1300, Marie
Lculse. youngest daughter of Virginia and
the late William B. Cranna. and sister of
Virginia. Stella. William. Stllson and Robert
CrannA, a native of California, aged IS years.
C_T Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of her mother, 412
Hyde street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
CORRIGAN— In this city. March 13. 1900, Mich-
ael, relict of the late Bridget Corrigan. father
of James Corriean. and «teufather of Wil-
liam J. and John Elleford and Mr*. Charles
Sheehey. a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
E_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9_JQ o'clock, from the parlors of
James MeMenomey & Son. 10S7 Mission street,
thence to Holy Cross Cemetery by carriage,
where remains will be placed In vault tem-
porarily.
CROSBY— In this city. March 14. 1900, Mark,
beloved husband of Hannah Crosby, and
father of William, Christina, Emma. Bella,
Clara. Edward and Thomas Croeby. a native
of County Roscommon. Ireland, aged 60 year*.
E_~Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market
street, between Eighth and Ninth.
DEALEY— In this city. March 14, 1900. Ernest
N-, Infant child cf Charles A. and the late
Mary Daisy C. Dealey". a native of San Fran-
cisco, axed 1 month.
E~"The funeral services will take place
this day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, at the famr
lly restdence. 305 Polk street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. . ,
DOERING— KiUed In action near Porac. P. 1.,
September 3. ISB3. John J. Doering; a mem-
ber of Company A. Thirty-sixth United States
Volunteer Infantry>a n^ formerly of Battery
L. Third Artillery, dearly beloved son of
Georx* and Christina Doering. and deareat
brother of Mrs. S. A. Born, Mra. George G.
Brown and William, George, Lizzie and
Louts Doertnr, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years and 10 months.
CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvittd to attend th« funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from tfce Y. M. C A.
building. Presidio. Interment National Ceme-
tery.
FITZGERALD— In thla elty, March 13. 1800, Ed-
ward Fitzgerald, a native of the Abbey,
parish of Sklbbere«o, County Cork, Ireland,
ased 35 years.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are reepoct-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at K> o'clock, from the parlors of
J-, C I O'Connor A Co., 757 Mission atreet.
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services at
10:39 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
FORSYTH— In thla city, March 12. ISOO. Charles
Leslie, beloved son of Orrin W. and Emma C
Forsyth. and brother of Edith D. Forsyth. a
native of San Francisco, aged I. years 9
months and 3 days. . : >
GlBBS— Entered into rest st Coronado. Cal.,
March 14, 1900, C. V. 8. Gibbs. beloved hua-
band of Harriet E. Glbbs, and father of Wil-
liam C and Harry T. Glbbs, Mrs. John Staf-
ford and Mra. W. G. Holcombe, a native of
Ne--port. R. 1., aged 75 years and 1» months. ¦
C 7 Notice of funeral hereafter. -. .. .
GROVER— In this city. March 14. 1900. Han-
nah Folsom Grover. relict of .the late J. L.
Grover, and beloved mother of Mrs. Dr. A.
V. Brown. D. W. Grover and Mrs. W. A. Hal-
rted. a j native of Maine, aged 78 years 2
months and 25 days. . . .
E_TFuneral and Interment will take place at
Santa Cruz to-morrow (Friday)..
HAWLEY— In this city. March 13. 1800,' Mary
J. Hawley. widow, of the late E. R. Hawley,
and mother of Mrs. A, L. Taylor, MUs Eva
Hawley, Mrs. LHlIe A. Clarke and George W.
Hawli»y. a native of Ohio, aged 73 years.
, CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
• tend ' the ¦ funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence. 233
San Jose avenue. Interment Drivate.
HEPWORTH— In this city, suddenly, ', March 13,
1800. Susan Hepworth. widow of the late John
M. Herworth. mother of William B Hep-
worth, and sister of Mrs. H. C. George.
C7" Funeral services will be -held this day
fThursday), at 2:30 o'clock, at her lat* resi-
dence. 831 Guerrero street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Odd Fellows*. Cemetery, ¦ " ;
HIRIBARREN— Ia Novato. \ Maria County
March 14, 1900; Leon P. Hlribarren. son of
I_ and Marie Hlribarren, and brother of Au-
snre Hlribarren and Mrs. W. Gregg Jr.
CTTuneral to-morrow (Friday). • -
HOFFMAN— In this city. March U.~ 1900. Wil-
liam Anton Hoffman, dearly beloved hus-
band of Josephine Hoffman. r and beloved
father of Frank Hoffman. Mrs. O. Peters
Mra. E. R. Fisher and Mrs. Josie Winters
a natty* of Bavaria, Germany, aged SO years
'T ' months and 21 days. A member of St.
Peter's Vereln. St. Francis Branch No. ,197,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CCX, '
(S-ucc— j*o-» to Flannagan * A Gallagher), V ,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEB*
M Tilth at., opposite Lincoln SettocO. •• =
' . ¦ Telephone South 80. ~- - •
Catholic Knights of 'America, ' and Verein
Elntracht ¦of Oakland. (New York papers
please copy.) ,
B_7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the ¦ funeral this day
"(Thursday), at S:l5 o'clock, from his late
residence, 639«4 California street, near Kearny,
thence to St. 'Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
avenue, near Jones street, wttere a solemn re-
quiem high mas 3 will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ? :, ,
McOORMICK— In this city, March 14. 1900. An-
nie Marie McCcrmick. beloved ¦ wife of the
late S. J. McCormlck. a native of Dublin. Ire-
land.
McINNIS— In this city, March 14, 1900. John
James Mclnnis; beloved husband of Mary Me-
. Innis, beloved father of Adam, Charles and
William D. Mclnnls, and brother of William
Mclnnls, a native of Nova Scctia. ased 33
. years 1 month and 23 days. .
McNEILL— In this city. March 13, 1300. Wil-
liam, beloved son of John and Jane McNeil!,
and brother of Harry, John and Archie Mc-
Nelll, Mrs. H. McCaughen. Mrs. J. T. Bnck-
man and Mrs. G. C. Lindauer.. a native of
Bolinaa. Cal., aged 33 years and S months.
t_TFriende and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the restdence
cf his sister. Mrs. J. T. Buckman. 2542 How-
- ard atreet. corner of Twenty-fifth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MOGAN— In this city. March 14, 1900. Mamie
VlrSlnla Mogan, beloved wife of Joseph Mo-
gan. a native of California.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2569 Folsom street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
O'BRIEN— In this city,. March 15. ,1900, Dennis
O'Brien., beloved father of Mrs. D. Capelli.
Mrs. L. Zander and EMdle, Dennis and Mau-
rice" O'Brien, and brother of Maurice and
Michael O'Brien, a native of New York, aged
62 years 11 months and 23 days.
E_~Friends and acquaintances am respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of G. laccheri, 629 Broadway,
thence to St- Francis Church. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PACKHAM— In San Jose. Ca!.. March 12, 1900.
Vlctorine Packham. beloved wife of C J.
Packham, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years 5. months and 19 days.
PANHORST — In this city, March 12, 1900,
Carrie F. Panhorst. beloved stepdaughter of
John Klesow, and sister of Mrs. W. J. Rlley,
Henry Panhcrst and John and Fred Klesow.
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years and
1 days. " - .
ICT Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission atreet. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
ROBERTS— In thla city. March IJ. 1300. Mrs-
Mary Roberts, beloved mother of William.
Victor and Richard Roberts, a native of Ire-
land, aged 53 years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
¦ chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 242S Mission street, near Twenty-first.
. Interment Cyoress Lawn Cemetery.
EANKEY— In this city. March 13. 13C0. Carri*
Sankey. a native of Huarhesvllle. Pa.
EELLEOK— In this city. March 18, 1300, Joseph
E., beloved husband of Ruth Selleck. a na-
tive -of Stamford. Conn., aged 74 years 6
months and 1* days.
¦ CT Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited tr> attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 70S Gougrh street. Ictem lent private.
THASELL— In thla city, March 14. 1300, Isak
Thasell. a native of Sweden.
WALLNER— In this city, March 12. 1900. Jonan
P. Wallner, beloved son of Mrs. Emerentla
Sahlln. and brother cf Louis P. Wallner and
John P. Sahlln of Vollner, Idaho, a native of
Sweden, aged 39 years.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 638 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WEBSTER— At his residence. 3272 Central ave-
nue. Alameda. March 14. 1300, Clarence A..
dearly beloved husband of Evalyn Webster,
and father of Josle M.. Clarence A. and Os-
borne Webster, a native of New York, aged
43 years. ¦ , •
E_r Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
• dence.
WICKERSHAM— In Fresno City. March 14. 1300,
Frank P. Wlckersham. a native of Califor-
nia, as-ed 33 years.
cfrCrematlon at Odd Fellows' Cemetery at
11 o'clock to-morrow (Friday). Cremation
private. Remains at the parlors of the Craig
& Cochran Company, £2-56 Mint avenue.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1300. by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFOHAN RACETRACK. Wednesday. March 14, 1300.— Weather fine. Trackfast.
JURY'S ESTIMATE OF
AN ALAMEDA WRECK
OAKLAND, March 14.— The unexpected
things that an Alameda County jury will
do was again forcibly illustrated this
afternoon, when the Jury in the $25,000
damage suit of R. E. Parr against the
Southern Pacific Company brought In a
verdict in favor of the defendant cor
poration after five minutes' deliberation.
Parr was a passenger on the Alameda
narrow-gauge local wrecked by a defec
tive rail at the West End. Alameda. He
claimed his spine was permanently in
jured by the accident. The defense, how
ever, established that hundreds of other
passengers escaped even the slightest in
luries. In the same wreck Engineer
Henry Jonas end Fireman Fred Colson
lost their lives. "
The Original Little Louisiana Company of
San Francisco, Drawing March 10. 1900.
No, 33.047 wins $7500, sold In Reno, Nevada;
No 55.378 wins. $2000. sold In San Francisco,
Cal. : Xo. 33,659 wins tlftOO. sold In Virginia City.
Nevada: No. 35.775 wins $jCO. sold In San Fran
cisco, Cal. Xos. 19.633 and 93,436 each wins $»>.
sold In Virginia City. Nevada, and Portland.
Oregon. Nos. 28,778, 31.835. 46,507, 71.621 and
53.957 each wins $100, sold in San Francisco,
Cal. - - •
New Woolen Mill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, March 14.— A subscrip
tion list has been prepared in an effort to
secure capital foV a woolen mill in Marys
¦ville. The flrst two persona to subscribe
were K. D. Rideout and John Martin, each
for $10,000. The capital stock is fixed at
JlOO.OOO, divided into IQOO shares of $100
each. Ten dollars a month is to be paid
on each share subscribed for until ten
payments have been made. No subscrip
tion shall be binding on any person until
the total of subscriptions aggregate $73,
000.
A $15,000 WINNER.
A fortunate man is Pete Newman, a promi
nent saloonman In Sacramento. Cal.. who pur
chased a .quarter or $1 ticket. No. 35.077. which
number drew the capital prize of $60,000 In the
lottery of the Beneficencia Publlca Company.
City of Mexico, in the drawing held February
12.' 1900. Mr. Newman's share was $15.0)0.
which amount was promptly paid to- him.
Scarcely, a month goes by that some one does
not win one of the capital prizes on this coast,
and this Is the reason for their great popular
ity here.
The old reliable lottery of th« Beneflcencia
Publics. Company. City of Mexico, with an un
blemished record of twenty-two years* dura
tion, attested by the Department of State, Is
the only one guaranteed and protected by the
Mexican National Government. Ita. drawings
have always been held In public under the
strictest vigilance of Federal authorities, there
fore the fairness of Its drawing Is vouched for
by the Department of State. . .-
The Mexican "National Government appoint*
Apolinar Castillo, lntervenor. and Antonio
Perez, acting for ths Treasury Department.
Mr. IT. Bassettl Is president and manager of
the lottery of ths Beneflcencla. Publlca Com
pany, City of Mexico. • -
THIRTY-NINE HEIRS
IN THE FRINK ESTATE
OAKLAND. March 14.— There are thir
ty-nine- heirs interested in the $41,000 es
tate left by Ledyard Frink, whose will
was filed for probate this afternoon by
John Frink Richardson, a nephew, re
siding at Sacramento. The estate includes
400 acres of realty in Solano County, be
sides land In Alameda and Sacramento
counties. n The. will is dated May 3. 1593,
and after providing for various bequests
of furniture and jewelry leaves foui
twenty-fourths of the residue to the heirs
of a sister, Fannie Frink Richardson; the
same fraction to heirs of Lydia A. Frink
Kelsey, another sister; five .twenty
fourths to heirs of Betsy Frink Barber,
the sama to heirs of John B. Frink and
six twenty-fourths to Harry Frink.
brother of testator.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 15, 1900. L
925. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; maidens; three- year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
029. SECOND RACE — Four and a half furlongs; selling: two-year-olds; purse. $4001
Tim*— l-19 :0«V_; J-18. :30U: 414f. :SSH. Good start. Won first thre» driving. = Winner. Burns
* Waterhouse's eh. jr.. by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. Rollick outlasted Moonbright. Lat
ter hustled too much first part. Artena warmed-up sore. Spindle a lumbering; fellow.
Scratched CountfssCTaralM^Kln^stencl^
930. THIRD RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; three- year-olds and upward; purte, $400.
Tlme^-1-15 rtT: *-«. *-*'' *-"• iSV >*'- l:U;*mUe. l:40«: 1 l-16m. 1:47 V Good start.
Wen easily, second and third driving.-'- Winner. E. Corrlgan's b. g., by Ben AH- Hot Spring.
Easy for Geyser^-Potente Urei last P*rt ; '_^""-'-_^ _^_rv^-r^_r^_r^^^-^^r».^u^^^o-^rwT_rw-u^.
93 1. * FOURTH RACE— Five furlong. ;. three-year-olds and upward; purse. 1400.
Time *4. :*s>4: H. l:W.i. Poor start. , Won • flrst . three drtvln*. winner. J. An
¦ thony^a b f by Sam Lucas-Tun jaolse. , Ella. Boland won • on her merits; disqualification a
disrfaoe • Ft. - Caslmir Is a "doe" - and ¦ quit ¦• when * called to a drive last thirty yaxda.
» Disqualified for_ *l o "'^"g*"'*P3 a £ e 4*J a j!*^ J S^^ _: _ „ _,'
032. FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and tin— rard: f purs*.- $400. "
Time— H :13tt: %. :M; %• 1:02 V; H. 1:28. Good start. Won. first tire* drtrtnr. Winner.
• E : J Baldwin* br* c by, lmp. Chesterfield- Janova. ¦ • Lo« ' Medanos best. , Ostler Joe , h»t
had underpinning and pulled up on three legs. ' Scratched— Los Prletne. 113. Bast tie no, Wel
ler U3. G^y US. C^mwril_U^^ ¦•--.-¦
11
Weight-tSt.
ing.
Cl.
Hor»«.
«ra.
Hm.
«4m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
|Op.
SM L* Borsla, 3... 104 2
533 Red Cberry. 3 104 3
574 Uterp. 4 — J«f ?
S5« Formatus. 8 109 4
846 Miss Soak, 5 108 S
773 : Jazabel, 4 108 9 -
JOS Dreadnausht 11. 3.10 a 19
819 Glocoso. I ..106 7
759 Sister Marie, i ..":.104 «
688 Harry Corby. 4 107jU
m TalUc. 4 •% 1^ 1 1 |
gM Towser, 3 If* H
83! Toung Morello, J...109 la
904 Morelia, 3 104 1
83« Loconomo. 5 ........108 15
833 XaDtes. 4 IKH_
4 X
1 H
1 V*
: h.
8 1
5 b
6 2
5 2
11
12 "
13
-10 .
Vl4
31
16
.- IS
3 1
1 1
6 1
i H
« 1
9 1
8 •
1 tt
10
11
13
11
14
42
IS
16
1 H Tullett 5
jZ S Morsran 6
Sh BasainK»r .... 8
4 1 Thorp* „ 4
5h J. Daly 8
6 h Henry ! 4
7 1 E. Ross S
8 1 Hennewwy .... 15
9 3 J. Martin IS
If) 2 Helnson 30
11 Norton 3
12 H. St\iart JO
13 Rutherford ... 3D
14 . Bozeman 7
13 M. B«rxen 30
15 I. PowtU 10
. 4
15
19
5
8
<
S
30
13
1M
13
100
ICO
15
ioo
20
Hor»«.
it.
!im.
Vim.
Str.
In.
lex.
85S Rollick. : 10J ?
833 Moonbrlfht 105 1
911 Intr«d* «f 5
834 Spindle J" »
$11 Loyal S Wl 2
(S26> Artenm. «} J
894 Oaylon Brown 101 9
899',81Mr Lyon» 104 6
»1« Fred's Mount ......101 3
23
1*
4 h
71
3 h •
. - 5 H
9
. « 1
8H
13
II
«H.
« I
5 1
3 h
8 8
S H
1 3
S h
5 H
4 3
« a
78
8 S
9
1 1 Thorp* 3 3-3
¦32 Boxeman 7 19
IK E. Ross 3-3 8-S
4ns Morgan ....... 25 30
SHI- Powell 30 100
6 4 Henry ......... 8-5 l«-3
7 5 J. Martin...... 8 »
815 tx>gu« ......... K> 80
9 Homton 30 "3<»
ndex I Hor»e. Ag*. Welght.|St. Urn .. Hm. %m. Str.
140 Geyser. S U6J 4 J2..-, J 1H 2 3 In
840 Advance Guard.' J..10H J - .4 . 3 h 3 2 * 4
(31?) Potente! 5 .116} J 114 1 1 1 4 S 3
918 Sd Plr«te. 4. ...... 1 PS 1 3 4 4 , ¦¦ - 4 4
Fin. | Jockeys. lOp.
1 4 • iHennr 1-2
14 J. Martla 4
. 312 Thorpe 2
4 Henneaaey m
Fin.
rockeys.
iOp.
CL
1-J
i
I
[orse.
(730) Ella Boland, 3 95 1
824 St. Caslmir. »¦»"•%£ ?
S3* Mountebank. *,:.... 10! 5
S2l Royal Prize, 6.. 113 4
904 Bandera. 5.. ......... So 8
SSO Gusnie Far. 3 . » I
BSS Lady Heloisa, •...-¦-111 2 _
9SI Thomas Carey. 3..~ 99j 8
8 l'l W
3 1,
I a
5 h
;• '.6 a: '•
4 1
7 4
8 r
11.
2 h
3 n
" W 6 i
.-;«! ; '
4 3
- a
8 ¦¦¦::
?IH.
3 2
4 1
6 I
s*a -
t a
:'-¦"»•¦ •
Ins* J. Daly 3 I
2 4 Henry ...•...„. 1-J
3 1 ' Morgan 1>
4 2 E. Ross 40
.52 J. Martin 30
- 8 1 Ranch 20
:7 4 Bozenum ..... V}
' S |M. Bergen..... 100'
1-3
: r»
so
60
SO
15
50
lex. Horse.
A^e.
753 Loe Me.lano«. 4 11J[ S
903 -Mamie G. *.... 111} *
42$ Ostler Joe, a US X
823 Joe Mussle, ........ .116 5 .
91S Anchored. 4.........1W 7
gIS Formula, 5.... ......11 l < ;
£87 Perlwt*. <••?• m *
J J
1 h-
% 1
« 1
6 1^
7 '
4 h
.1 h .
ft
3 h
T
5 1
4 h
' ..'6 1 ¦',"
12 ¦
In
,4 1H
v-Jh>'
5 2
' ' S 1 "-"¦•¦
IS
!>
SI..
. « 4
4 2
5 2
-: 7 ¦¦¦-.¦
1 Hi (Thorpe ...!
: \'2 2 ¦¦- ¦ Henry !
3 2--J, Plgyott
'4 1 ¦ Bassinper ....
5 h E. R0e5. .......
'83 Hennessey .;;.
- 7 H. Shi«lda.....
s
* a
3-2
.»
19
39
¦'¦3
Weight.
*jta.
Str-
Tin.
(SIS) W*!lensteln .........
4917) The L*dy.. .:........:
<?71) Florabird
651 j Expedient ....... V.V.:
• 88». Matt- Hogan .:..:
1
« ;
2 "
s ;
5
;1»
.' s •- •. .
4 h .
-5 1 ;
3 1
-.8 1.-- :
- 1 1 ;
i 3 1
_4 2
- Id
. " « ¦• . - "
II
¦"¦ i y*
3 2.
5 5
4 s :
1 na
34
4 2
5 IS
Henry ..*...-..
SI.; Bergen.....
PlgJTOtt .......j
a
»
13
4-!
5-i
-«
4t
E. R05w.....™ 1
J. iUrt1n......!
Weight.
*jta.
Str-
Tin.
(SIS) W*!lensteln .........
4917) The L*dy.. .:........:
<?71) Florabird
651 j Expedient ....... V.V.:
• 88». Matt- Hogan .:..:
1
« ;
2 "
s ;
5
;1»
.' s •- •. .
4 h .
-5 1 ;
3 1
-.8 1.-- :
- 1 1 ;
i 3 1
_4 2
- Id
. " « ¦• . - "
II
¦"¦ i y*
3 2.
5 5
4 s :
1 na
34
4 2
5 IS
Henry ..*...-..
SI.; Bergen.....
PlgJTOtt .......j
a
»
13
4-!
5-i
-«
4t
E. R05w.....™ 1
J. iUrt1n......!
Weight-tSt.
ing.
Cl.
Hor»«.
«ra.
Hm.
«4m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
|Op.
SM L* Borsla, 3... 104 2
533 Red Cberry. 3 104 3
574 Uterp. 4 — J«f ?
S5« Formatus. 8 109 4
846 Miss Soak, 5 108 S
773 : Jazabel, 4 108 9 -
JOS Dreadnausht 11. 3.10 a 19
819 Glocoso. I ..106 7
759 Sister Marie, i ..":.104 «
688 Harry Corby. 4 107jU
m TalUc. 4 •% 1^ 1 1 |
gM Towser, 3 If* H
83! Toung Morello, J...109 la
904 Morelia, 3 104 1
83« Loconomo. 5 ........108 15
833 XaDtes. 4 IKH_
4 X
1 H
1 V*
: h.
8 1
5 b
6 2
5 2
11
12 "
13
-10 .
Vl4
31
16
.- IS
3 1
1 1
6 1
i H
« 1
9 1
8 •
1 tt
10
11
13
11
14
42
IS
16
1 H Tullett 5
jZ S Morsran 6
Sh BasainK»r .... 8
4 1 Thorp* „ 4
5h J. Daly 8
6 h Henry ! 4
7 1 E. Ross S
8 1 Hennewwy .... 15
9 3 J. Martin IS
If) 2 Helnson 30
11 Norton 3
12 H. St\iart JO
13 Rutherford ... 3D
14 . Bozeman 7
13 M. B«rxen 30
15 I. PowtU 10
. 4
15
19
5
8
<
S
30
13
1M
13
100
ICO
15
ioo
20
Hor»«.
it.
!im.
Vim.
Str.
In.
lex.
85S Rollick. : 10J ?
833 Moonbrlfht 105 1
911 Intr«d* «f 5
834 Spindle J" »
$11 Loyal S Wl 2
(S26> Artenm. «} J
894 Oaylon Brown 101 9
899',81Mr Lyon» 104 6
»1« Fred's Mount ......101 3
23
1*
4 h
71
3 h •
. - 5 H
9
. « 1
8H
13
II
«H.
« I
5 1
3 h
8 8
S H
1 3
S h
5 H
4 3
« a
78
8 S
9
1 1 Thorp* 3 3-3
¦32 Boxeman 7 19
IK E. Ross 3-3 8-S
4ns Morgan ....... 25 30
SHI- Powell 30 100
6 4 Henry ......... 8-5 l«-3
7 5 J. Martin...... 8 »
815 tx>gu« ......... K> 80
9 Homton 30 "3<»
ndex I Hor»e. Ag*. Welght.|St. Urn .. Hm. %m. Str.
140 Geyser. S U6J 4 J2..-, J 1H 2 3 In
840 Advance Guard.' J..10H J - .4 . 3 h 3 2 * 4
(31?) Potente! 5 .116} J 114 1 1 1 4 S 3
918 Sd Plr«te. 4. ...... 1 PS 1 3 4 4 , ¦¦ - 4 4
Fin. | Jockeys. lOp.
1 4 • iHennr 1-2
14 J. Martla 4
. 312 Thorpe 2
4 Henneaaey m
Fin.
rockeys.
iOp.
CL
1-J
i
I
[orse.
(730) Ella Boland, 3 95 1
824 St. Caslmir. »¦»"•%£ ?
S3* Mountebank. *,:.... 10! 5
S2l Royal Prize, 6.. 113 4
904 Bandera. 5.. ......... So 8
SSO Gusnie Far. 3 . » I
BSS Lady Heloisa, •...-¦-111 2 _
9SI Thomas Carey. 3..~ 99j 8
8 l'l W
3 1,
I a
5 h
;• '.6 a: '•
4 1
7 4
8 r
11.
2 h
3 n
" W 6 i
.-;«! ; '
4 3
- a
8 ¦¦¦::
?IH.
3 2
4 1
6 I
s*a -
t a
:'-¦"»•¦ •
Ins* J. Daly 3 I
2 4 Henry ...•...„. 1-J
3 1 ' Morgan 1>
4 2 E. Ross 40
.52 J. Martin 30
- 8 1 Ranch 20
:7 4 Bozenum ..... V}
' S |M. Bergen..... 100'
1-3
: r»
so
60
SO
15
50
lex. Horse.
A^e.
753 Loe Me.lano«. 4 11J[ S
903 -Mamie G. *.... 111} *
42$ Ostler Joe, a US X
823 Joe Mussle, ........ .116 5 .
91S Anchored. 4.........1W 7
gIS Formula, 5.... ......11 l < ;
£87 Perlwt*. <••?• m *
J J
1 h-
% 1
« 1
6 1^
7 '
4 h
.1 h .
ft
3 h
T
5 1
4 h
' ..'6 1 ¦',"
12 ¦
In
,4 1H
v-Jh>'
5 2
' ' S 1 "-"¦•¦
IS
!>
SI..
. « 4
4 2
5 2
-: 7 ¦¦¦-.¦
1 Hi (Thorpe ...!
: \'2 2 ¦¦- ¦ Henry !
3 2--J, Plgyott
'4 1 ¦ Bassinper ....
5 h E. R0e5. .......
'83 Hennessey .;;.
- 7 H. Shi«lda.....
s
* a
3-2
.»
19
39
¦'¦3Jack Cooke Made Many Converts.
Another large . audience ¦ greeted J. Jack _.
Cookc, the boy revivalist/ when he entered
the Howard-street -/ Methodist $ Episcopal
Church last ; .night. • Asvusual the "boy s
appeals brought • many ¦ converts * to ',. the
altar.- : The » boy : will • preach i to-night and
to-morrow, night: Rev. 1 John ¦ A;, B. vWH
son.'i pastor, of; the church,* has decided to
keep up the I good i work and arranged I tos
two Sunday meetings. . , , . r . ;
Fractured His Skull.
T. J.v Faulkner was brought 'to the City
Receiving Hospital , last I night suffering
from a badly fractured skull, resulting, he
claims.- from. being assaulted by -two. men
at the £ corner ? of ? : Eighth^ and Mission
streets. He gave < his - residence as 1202
Mission street. 'Faulkner was drunk. ;^,
Prevented by Warm Shampoos with Cuticura Soap, fol-
lowed by light dressings of Cuticura, purest of emollient
Skin Cures. This treatment at once stops falling hair,
clears the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, soothes irri-
tated, itching surfaces, stimulates the hair follicles, supplies
the roots with energy and nourishment, and makes the
hair grow on a clean, wholesome scalp, when all else fails.
l UPTODATE DENTISTRY S
f& Means paiQless dentistry I "Witb our new appll-
JmL ances in our new, offices we ore able to fill, A
HP = crowo or extract your teeth absolutely without Jgp
. ' We Court Investigation. |QP
: :¦¦{'¦ Evenings' until 9. Sundays aJI t "VYN V =P 00 M" Sf
©T day.. Written guarantee 10 yrs. , T /^l^l T IvVrVFiTI £^
-I F^, S^cS-fr»4.OOup .I! ,; ,% (OUR NM HOME,. .' : -W'
® : FHHng^""'."'^--- :: :^«"p-J 100 -1 Market Street, A
,";" ,Teeth ; wmiout Plates ; Our f s. w Corner Sixth.- V : 2J
Snoclalty. We K lve • ' ? : , sfSa
Q t.-i ¦»« . — — ¦ ¦"« SEE ELECTRIC DISPLAY.
®. \. - The Largest Office : West of ; Chicago. G&k
DOALL'S EtIN VIGOR ATORj*re*£jj
. Five hundred rewa.xl for any jtt£gT V£S]
case we cannot cure. Thla secret m '
remedy stops Jail losses In M • {X,^ ; -., KJ
hours, cures Emissions, Impo- jKj B3f!
tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea, l/ipi cntfi
Gleet, Fits. Strictures. Lost ?ijM9 WiL
Manhood and all wasting effects jWp ffeK|
ot -self -abuse or excesses. Sent • —
«ealed, $2 bottlers bottles. |5: guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. . 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sal* at 1073 H Market St., S. F. All piivat*
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book. ¦
\\A\//\\s . DR. PIERCES
~ljEi THIS BELT IS WAR.
a *¥y* ranted to be the latest tm*
.- proved, most powerful and la
all respects the best now manufactured in anj
part of the world. Its equal does not exist. Th<
Galvanometer shows Its electric current to b«
double that of any ether. Easily regulatert.
Durably Insulated. Latest . Improved attach.
ments. Special conductors and electrode*
Double wire suspensory for men. It will cur«
any disease on earth that it Is possible to curt
with electricity, and It cures when others fail.
Buy no belt till you see /'Dr. Pterce's."
• "Booklet No. i." free at office or sent by mall
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.
(Opp.* Palace Hotel) V . SAN FRANCI3<X%
Eastern Office— New York City. -.
Eating sometimes means pUasure. and
sometimes it doesn't. The patrons of
our store are good livers who demand
the best, which they get at most moder-
SAPOUM cake 5.......... 25c
For housecleaning.
CLARET, ga110n........... 35c
A first-class table wine.
Regularly 50c. -
SOUPS ( c c? n Te b n^), 3 cans:. 25c
Chicken. Oxtail. Mock Turtle.
Mullfgatawney.' Vegetable. Tomato. Juli-
enne, Consomme, etc.
¦ Prepared from the best ingredients.
• Regularly 10c can.
COCKTAILS, Velvet brand, bot, 75c
Whisky, Manhattan, " •-
Martini and Gin.- •
Finest in the market. . •-...,
Regularly $1 00.
LUCCA OLIVE OIL, b0t...... 50c
Imported from Italy. . *.
Regularly 60c. -.
SICILY LEMONS, d0zen...... 15c
The very choicest.
Regularly 25c. '• -. ;. . ..•'.• :.....
YELLOWSTONE WHISKEY.......
Full qt. bot. $1,00, gallon $4. 00
A well-known brand of exceptional " good
.j quality. ¦':--
Regularly $1 25 and $5 00.
COU>TRY ORDERS -SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
;lafe pence announces the conclusion of his case.
Need careful laundering, or they won"!
look any better than cheap ones. It's so
easy to ruin good linen in a laundry. We
take the necessary time and pains to re-
turn your washing in perfect condition
and laundered in the best possible man-
ner.
United States, Laundry. Of«o»
1004. Market Street
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St
Day of Wrangling
by the Attorneys
: Over the Produc
tion of Books of
the Deceased
Millionaire.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor, $1.25,
constetlng of Cuticura Soaf (?5c.). to cleanse the 6kin of cniete and scales and soften
the thickened entiele, Ccticcka Ointment (50c.), lo in«tanUy a] lay Itching, Irritation, and
Inflammation, and soothe and heal, and Ccticdra Ri:«oi.vi:nt (.Vfc.), to cool ami cleanse
the blood.. A single set Is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, dicflgurlng skin, scalp,"
and blood humors, rashes, ltchlngs, and Irritations, with lorn of hair, when the best physi-
cians and all other remedies fall. Sold throughout the world. Potter Druo and Ch em.
Cost., Prop* ., Boston, " How to Freseire, Purify A Beautl ty the Ilalr, Hands A Skln,"free.
Dr Parker' b" Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough.' Never fails.* Try It.; ' All druggists: •
Successful .business houses "take advantage of
printing facilities of, Mysell-Rollins.- 22 Clay.
g^VETOU TRIED IT?
t.!^' a - - ¦¦t»; |My;» New Antiseptic treat-"'
'^^ v g£ ment,' that positively cures
Catarrh,
1 -B^l Deaf ness,
| S* S 5/^ NOISES in • EARS. ¦ THROAT
goeW/.- 1 and LUNQ" DISEASES. :It
j J Q— SE/*wi * -' ? destroys ';¦ the ; germs . which
I r^Mt>.y S MSa produce' the disease . without
KjSss£/T * .SL , .• pain - or . injury. .•-So • easy a
'¦':¦¦¦' HgmLi child ' can : use it. In 2000 test
• • " ranHmi* ! cases 95 per - cent cured.
Bl\^ KxJBISM'- I CPCC Trial of one week
M ' Kfven - ; to show the
H\ Jb^msLSU euperlor^. merit iof . ; the . new-
treatment. Call at once or
¦rv^-fflwriitff^- J.write."» ••.--•-¦¦ v,» '<¦;:• - :• J
I dr:; coxtingham; ?
• -HOURS— 9-12. a.; m.r 1-3 and 7-3 p.*m.
204 Sutter Sti, NW. Cor. Kearny; t
EGGS FOR APRIIi AND MAY
t Parties desiring: to I purchase choice i stock for
cold i storage , or lunlng • purposes •will profit .. by.
communicating with ; us. =* We .will guarantee ito
deliver < in ' quantities ¦ of 25 . cases . and :. upward
during 'April and May at 13% c, per. dozen. " Ad-
dress .' " ¦* .•¦ ¦.'¦ -¦:.' -.-"- -¦'¦>.« r^vmma»K^.tJitS
BPKNCER REFRIGERATINO CO.*. '
¦¦-¦-/-¦?.•=¦¦¦:.:•- . ; . . v Kansas -City,- Mo. ,
¦ ¦ ¦ .. .- ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦•¦ , .' ¦ ' .
Highbinders Punished.
Yesterday Ah Sing.- arrested ftiarcn x oy
Policeman Frank^McGrayan, waa_ sen
tenced . by Judge " Fritz to; P,ay,, a °*
$125 with the alternative of 12a days in
the 'County Jail. : The ¦ «ne^"lP?, !^ t
Pow. ¦ who was : arrested Monday night by
Policeman Bailey, was convicted by Ju^f c
Cabaniss yesterday and ordered to appear
for sentence this morning.
39 STOCKiON ST.. near Market.
(Old number 21 Stockton st.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 55K.
Children wouldn't be superstitious if
grown people didn't teach them.
Your sideboard at home is incomplete If it is
not stocked with Jesse Moore "A A" whiskey.
W. Bradbury Sells His Hotel.
W. B. Bradbury/ the millionaire, has
sold his hotel on the corner of California
and Larkln streets to J. A. Ferson of
Stockton, j
Metal rustic initials or name stamped ln
gold leaf free of charge on ' all leather
goods purchased at Sanborn.& Vall's, 741
Market street. ¦-.. •
"Man and t he Machine."
J. J. O'Brien will deliver a lecture-to
night at the Academy of Sciences Hall on
the subject, "Man and the Machine."
Ordeal With H. M. Bryant.
Attorney Pierson was followed on the
stand by H. i. A . Bryant, the man of many
lodgings and peripatetic idiosyncracies.
On cross-examination by Pierson an at
tempt was made to shatter the credibility
of the witness, who testified on Tuesday
that he was in the office of James G. Fair
in this city during the latter part of May
or first part of June, ISS2, when Mrs. Cra
ven-Fair appeared on, the scene and was
Introduced Dy the • Senator as his -wife.
He clung fast to this, -with many protes
tations of reverence for truth. Bryant
said he was asked by the Senator to keep
the matter a secret, which he did- until
two weeks' ago, when he revealed it by
way of letter to -the Pence brothers. .
•This letter was in the inside pocket, of
Charles Pence, tearing his very vitals out
for an introduction among the exhibits.
The Fair attorneys took the bait and
called for it, after which it was read and
labeled with the rest of the exhibits. *' In
the letter Bryant speaks of Mrs. Craven-
Fair and says that he has something of
vast Importance to communicate to- her
attorneys. He did not want his name' men
tioned, for fear of the. "murderers, thugs,
detectives" and. other sundry diabolical
agencies that would be put upon his track
If he. disclosed what he knew.' V*
Attorney Pierson, in » trying to squash
his credibility as a witness, disclosed some
rare and reeking San Jose politics. - It
seems that Bryant was -arrested in San
'Jose in the fall of IS9S on a charge of ob
taining money by false pretenses. At
that time he was employed to solicit sub
scriptions for the ..Volunteers of America,
According to his own testimony he: acted
in good faith, but through a change of
management -. a misunderstanding hap
pened and he was inextricably mixed in a
deal with politicians, lawyers, judges and
bribe-takers. He remained In jail a
month and then his case was * dismissed.
Star Witness of the Day.
Mrs. Sarah E.- Johnson, the star witness
of the day, then took the stand. Mrs.
Johnson is proprietress -of the ; Colonial
Hotel. She is a lady of solid appearance,
and her testimony was given with an air
of substantial truth, causing the attorneys'
for the heirs to draw their heads together
more than once, i- She , has : known » ; Mrs.
Craven-Fair well from the seventies, ¦ and
testified to her residence in the > Colonial
in 1891. It was in the fall of 1892.' as Mrs.
Johnson's testimony goes, when Mrs.? Cra
ven-Fair visited her at the hotel and held
before her eyes for Inspection the contract
of marriage. The ¦ document was ' shown
Mrs. Johnson in court I yesterday -and sho
Identified it. The witness couldinotsfix
the date absolutely, -but she; thought the
Incident occurred about a year after Mrs:
Craven left the hotel, which "was in "the
fall of. 1891. Of one thing she was certain,
that it was prior to | Senator Fair's death.
Bombarded . by. a short,*- severe 'and; rat
tling; fire of ¦cross-interrogation ' the wit
ness did not waver an i lnch, and; the de-
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery.*
WTien the defense begins its end of the
case to-morrow the attorneys hinge their
evidence upon the allegation that the con
tract Is a forgery, pure and simple. Their
show of indifference to the testimony of
Mrs. Johnson foreshadows in a measure
their declarations as to the time the for
gery was committed. One. of the attorneys
on the Fair side said yesterday that they
will show that the document was executed
before Fair's death and the scheme was
laid prior even to the date on its face.
They claim that they will expose a gigan
tic scheme of forgery and an attempt to
loot the Fair estate, concocted in cold
blood before the Senator's death.
The morning session was a court battle
for the attorneys on both sides, calling for
all the windy vaporing* and short ora
torical displays that the gentlemen of the
law had been anxiously craving for a week.
After an attack on a morning paper by
Abe Ruef because one of Mrs. Craven-
Fair's witnesses had been spoken of as
a "hobo," a wanderer from hotel to lodg
ing-house and from lodging-house to un
furnished rooms. Attorney. Plerson was
called to the stand for interrogation on
the whereabouts of Senator Fair's diary,
from which It is claimed the leaf was
taken which bore the Imprint of the mil
lionaire's writing when he Inscribed the
note to Mrs. Craven In the Grand Opera
house in IS9I.
questions nrea-atnim by the Pence
brotherhood, McEnerney's objections were
sustained, and the rulings of the court
threw a cloak of protection over the much
wanted diary .and personal books of the
late James G. Fair.- All- the insinuations
and indulgence In Innuendo by Attorney
I^afe Pence in regard to the books or their
keepers were of no avail. Attorney Pier
son .eft the witness stand not even a
wiser or a sadder man.. The books, the
existence of which McEnerney would not
even admit/ were nqf" produced and the
cross-fire of Lafe Pence- went for naught.
So far the attempt- of the petitioner's at
torneys to show that the slip of paper on
which was written . the words, "Mrs
fettle R. — Do you know your name?
James G. Fair," was torn from the Sena-"
torn alary has not been proved. But the
Craven-Fair attorneys did not stop here
They attempted to locate the books in the
keeping . of several confidential employes
of I- air and Insinuated that several of
them were bribed by the Fair attorneys
since the beginning of all tho Ipo-ai tnrnri^
Pierson was a very good witness for his
own side, and despite the - battery! of
LAFE PENCE, leading counsel for
Mrs. Nettie Craven-Fair, arose from
his seat yesterday afternoon just be
fore adjournment of the Fair case
and informed Judge Troutt that the
attorneys for the petitioner would finish
the presentation of their side of the case
ln the next twenty-four hours. Mrs.
Sarah E. Johnson, a new witness, had just
finished her testimony. To-day's proceed
ings will consist of a re-examlnatlon of
old witnesses and a general sandpapering
of Mrs. Craven-Fair's cause as expound
ed by her attorneys during several weeks
of painful and laborious direct and cross
examination.
The moat important witness of the day
was Mrs. Sarah E. Johnson, who testi
fied that Mrs. Craven-Fair had exhibited
to her the contract of marriage. She oc
cupied the stand but a brief half-hour,
giving testimony that provoked a series of
questions in the cross-examination, outlin
ing the defense of the respondents.
This was not Mrs. Johnson's first ap
pearance in the interminable Fair litiga
tion. When the pencil wills were bitterly
fought over before Judge Slack she was a
familiar figure on the witness stand, but
little or no attention was called to this
by the attorneys ln their ferreting work
yesterday afternoon. '
f ense finally." had to let her go with her
testimony unshaken. - * :¦.¦¦
During the afternoon the objections of
attorneys came so thick and fast that
Charles Pence wanted the protection of
the court. He said one of his most Im
portant witnesses, Jerome Colwell, "faded
away" because of the time consumption.
He could not wait his turn, so he left for
Los Angeles, apprising Pence of his ac
tion by a telegram received yesterday.
The trial goes on to-day.
STRONG TESTIMONY
AGAINST SIMPTON
John Falconer Says the Judge Told
. . Him Years Ago of Craven-Fair
Marriage.
John Falconer, secretary of the Ancient
Order of Foresters, was the first witness
called by the Grand Jury yesterday in the
investigation of the vague charges of bri
bery and intimidation growing out of the
Fair-Craven, case. - Falconer testified that
several years ago. In conversation at his
office with former! Justice • Simpton of
Sausalito. the latter had remarked, that
he knew that Fair and Mrs.' Craven were
husband and wife. Falconer stated that
Simpton did not say that he had married
the couple, but that he knew that a mar
riage had been performed. ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦
Attorney George A. Knight, armed with
the records of the Supreme Court, gave
evidence unfavorable to the contention of
Mrs. Craven-Fair that she is the widow
of the deceased millionaire. He read from
the records where the plaintiff had sworn
to the alleged marriage contract as hav
ing been executed on different dates, and
also quoted portions of Judge Slack's de
cision. ; .
• Thomas Boyd. 'a friond of Louis Du
nand; stated that It was at the request
of Dunand's wife that he took him off the
steamer in a launch upon his return from
Mexico. .'--I • ¦
Judge Simpton was recalled and denied
positively that he had ever stated to Mrs.
E. Roy or Falconer: that he knew some
thing about the marriage of Mrs. Craven
to Fair, or that he had ever asserted that
they, were married.
Air adjournment was taken until next
Wednesday afternoon, at 2 o'clock, when
the examination of witnesses will be con
cluded. .
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
ffr**SSt
Mrs. S. E. Johnson, Proprietress of the Colonial, Rlays a
Star Engagement on the Witness Stand and Foils
Attempts of the Opposing Lawyers to Shake Her
Testimony— Saw the Marriage Contract. Which Was
Signed by the Senator and the Schoolteacher.
DEFENSE IN FAIR TRIAL
READY TO SIGHT ITS GUMS
Daughter of >the;l
Gallant Cavalry 1
Leader Will Not
! Divulge the Name «
of Her Fiance. \
LIEUTENANT W. W. FISCUS Is not
the fortunate one upon whom Miss
Annie . Wheeler will bestow [ her
heart and hand. A man unknown
in army or public life holds the
promise of General Wheeler's youngest
daughter, and the wedding of the happy
pair is only a question of a few months.
Miss Wheeler, herself admits the soft
impeachment, but the name of the lucky
man she absolutely refuses to divulge.
."I am going abroad next month," she
said, "to join my sisters, and upon my
return the wedding will take place, al
though as yet no date for our marriage
has been decided upon."
The young bride-to-be, who has just re
turned with her celebrated, father irom
Manila has much of interest to tell of the
boys in blue in the land of the Filipino. •
"My 'reasons for going to Manila,', said
Miss Wheeler, were twofold— to be with
mV father, for whom I would travel the
wide world over, and to relieve the suf
fering of the boys in blue. To. do this. I
give up home, society and friends.'.'
Miss Wheeler served ln the Red Cross
Hospital -Auxiliary No. 3, of which Mrs.
Whitelaw Reid is chairman, and while not
being a trained nurse, her hospital expe
rience during the Santiago campaign
served her in good stead. She was the
only nurse ln Auxiliary No. 3 of the Sec
ond Reserve at Manila who gave her time
and energy to the sick and wounded with
out remuneration. Of the nobility of the
women of . the Red Cross, Miss Wheeler
said she could not say too much.
"Their unselfish devotion to duty wa3
more touching than the heroism of men
on the battlefield," the general's daughter
explained. "Not alone did they show
bravery in the sick wards,- but they com
pletely sank self ln ministering to the af
flicted." "
Miss Wheeler related many touching
tales of our sick heroes, and paid the fol
lowing tribute to the private:
"I much prefer to nurse the private sol
dier," she satd. "The officers are grateful
for. attention, but it is the private who is
always patient and self-sacrificing. I have
seen him although enduring torture 3 try
ing to help some poor fellow sufferer bear
his woes." In conclusion Miss Wheel«r
said there were about three hundred and
seventy-five beds in Auxiliary Hospital
No. 3, and these are attended by the fol
lowing excellent nurses: Miss . Murray,
Miss Coakley. Miss Burrell, Miss Ziegler;
Miss Marshall, Miss Dockrell. Miss Pope,
Miss Yeakle, Miss Ridley. Miss Frazer
and Miss Summlo. Miss Henshall is ihe
very superior, executive officer of the Sec
ond Reserve. She is cool, possesses sound
judgment, wonderful physical endurance,
and deserves to be a major general. . ¦
Hales.
E&le'a.
THE ;.SAN> FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 15, 1900.
MISS WHEELER KNOWS
HOW TO KEEP A SECRET
t>HESS
ADVEKTISEMZNTa
I another week of the J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s sale begins 1
" to-day. In" the last two weeks a trem:ndous amount P
of these goods have been disposed of. had we been able fl
toshowthrm all at once the sale. would be at an end, I
tut space would not p-rmit but a small part being placed |J
• upon sale at one time, that's why to-day there are many If
things on sale you have not seen at all. . S
handkerchiefs. |
: Monday we had 36,000 of them— some soiled of* maybe a 1
thread dropped in sewing a border, to-morrow that number will Eg
have been greatly reduced, you can still find ladirs' nlaln H
white hemstitched ; handkerchiefs, worth 5c to ioc, but *^C |
r ; now only ...........1...." w» J
ladies' plain hemstitched and ladies' lace edge embroidery, 1
fancy lace •' and embroidery hemstitched and lace insertion S
handkerchiefs, and m-n's plain trimmed handkerchiefs, worth JJ
hemstitched handkerchiefs 15c and . 20:; also a lot of ||
worth ioc to 15c, now ffC men's colored border handk-r- a
0n1y....... -'. '^^ chiefs, worth iz« and *$
curtains and draperies I
lace curtains— 1200 pairs, ecru and white, in Nottingham h
and fishnet weaves, 9 patterns to choose from, new effects, 3 and f|
1M yards long by 45 inches wide— the pair 0n1y...... <"Jt 1 .OO i\
..........................— .....fi.io and **#•* i p
curtain lappett— 1 case, white, a neat and strong wsarint i
material tor sash curtains. 5 designs to choose from, 4p3 /C B
36 inches wide— the yard, only~ .'. 3 y
I mail orders promptly filled. [ rt
1 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 917 Market Street. I
T| i f 1 '/trj Located on Market
1 prox , m , ty to bus ,_
A ISJ fl • ness sectlon « Places
All!/ of amusement and
-,—^ , « TT rv ae Pota» MOO rooms.
lilt? A X II m wlth baths at -
UAiilll/ tached. Th« largest
and finest hotels la
HA TCI C the "world. Ameri-
11 11 IP L Jean and European
" V- plan.
r E N TS^ f]
MAFIKET ST. SJ.^ms^
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-ATimE.
T*> - . '. The finest and the cheapest
fl/lr • on the coast. Of
J-^IA,L A^iXU/^ Oak, Curly Red-
; We make them arid guarantee them. .
!,SEND 5 CENTS FOR POSTAGE |
. FOR NLW FURNITURE. CATALOG. |
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
(INCORPORATED).
;1017-iq23 Mission Street, Above Sixth -
_^HONE_SOUTIj 14.: gj|» FWAWC/3CO.
12