THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVn^NOi. 124.
BA^ \ FRANCISCO, SATURDAY; MARCH 24, 1900.
MAFEKING'S FATE
CAUSES BRITONS TO
BE APPREHENSIVE
Plumer's Relief force flttacKed
and Driven Further flway
Than Ever.
Kruger aQd Steyo Disputing Whether th;e
Transvaal Republic r|as Annexed trje
Orange pree State.
Special Cabfc to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by
the New York Herald Company.
LONDON. March 24.— Mafeking*s fate
absorbs most of the public Interest
in the war. Four dispatches treat
ing on various columns have been
received. It is plain so far as the
Rhcxiesian force under Plumer is con
cerned that the town of Mafeking is al
most a* far from relief as ever. Com
mandant Snyxnan struck the main body
cf Plunder's force on Saturday. An ar
tillery duel occupied the greater part of
the day and the ultimate result seems to
heve been the retirement of the British
commander under cover of night to either
Ga.berones or Crocodile Pools, twice as
far away from Maf eking a«» he was be
fore. Probably by now Commandant Sny
man is bark at his old positions around
Colonel Baden-Powell's garrison,- which,
by the way, has established an ordnance
factory of its own and with its 'own home
made howitzers Is now abie to throw
home-made shells with home-made
powder.
Lemlsch have telegraphed to the Premier,
Dr. yon Koerbe, demanding that he take
steps to stop the exportation of forty
five cannon, which are said to have left
the Skoda factory. Bohemia, on their way
to Trieste, It being further alleged that
they are Intended for the use of the Brit
ish forces in South Africa, j
?
ATTACKS OF BOERS
ON BLUMER'S FORCE
LONDON. March 23. 9:20 p." m.— The War
Office has issued the following: ¦' 'i
"From the general at Cape Town to the
Secretary of War:
"CAPE TOWN, March 2S.— The follow
ing telegram has arrived from Nichoisen,
Buluwayo. March 16:
" 'LOBATSI. March 14.— The Boers ad
vanced from the south In considerable
force this morning. They first advance.l
Whether the B<ws will be left much
longer undisturbed depends on the move
ments of the flying column moving from
the south. It Is difficult to understand
the precise nature of the operations from
that direction or the extent of progress
of this force.
According to one telegram the Mafek
lng relief force has not yet started from
Kimbericy. .but this probably refers to
a large and substantial force in charge
of a convoy of provisions ;inri other neces
saries for the besieged town.
A mobile column probably consisting of
mounted men. with a few serviceable
gunp. is Fupposed to have started thres
weeks ago. Unless it haj» met with more
difficulties than were expected It must by
this time be approaching Its goal.
Rumors were current In London all day
yesterday that Mafekinj? had been re
lieved from the south, but this did not
receive official confirmation. From the
southern part of the Orange Free State
comes news that dieposes of the Boer
Ptory of the capture of General Gatacre
and his staff. The forces of Generals
Clements and Gatacre joined hands on
Thursday a( Donkers Poort, which Is ten.
or twelve miles from Norvals Pont and
txbout twenty-five miles from Springfon
tein. The rumor current in the Kroon
rtad camp that Commandant Olivier had
fought a successful battle near Bethulie
•was two days earlier.
If reports from Boer sources can be re
lied on Presidents Kruger and Steyn are
disputing whether the Transvaal has an
nexed the Free State or not. Apparently
the Boers are finding employment In in
venting romances. President Kruger's
alleged proclamation stating that the
Russians had captured London and pro
claimed it the territory of the Czar af
forded no end of amusement in . London
yesterday and will not soon be forgotten.
TO STOP THE CANNON.
VIENNA* March 23.— Deputies Wolf and I
from Goodes Siding. After a sharp en
gagement Lieutenant Colonel Bodle's ad
vanced post was compelled to retreat. Ths
retirement was excellently carried out to
our main position. The casualties includ
ed Lieutenant Chapman and a corporal
prisoners and two missing, probably pris
oners. Five troopers were woundaJ
Chapman's horse fell with him close to
the enemy, who immediately surrounded
him. The exact Boer casualties', are un
known, but several were shot at • ahort
range. In the afternoon the' Boers ad
vanced farther north and shelled our po
sition from a ridge on our left. "Our 12V4
pounder replied, the artillery continuing
until sunset. Lieutenant A. J. Tyler has
since died of wounds. One native was
killed.' "
— • ' —
YET PROBING INTO
METHUEN'S TACTICS
LONDON. March 23.— 1n : the House" -of
Commons to-day John Gordon MacNeill,
Irish Nationalist member for South Done
gal, again asked for Information in regard
to the battle of Magersfonteln, Lord
Methuen's relations with his officers'. and
affairs 4n Klmberley, but. the Parliament
ary Secretary of the War Office, Geortce
Wyndham, parried all the questions.* He
said he knew nothing confirming the sug
gestion that General Wauchope had' raised
objections to Lord Methuen's plan' of. b&t
tle. and added that no investigations had
been proposed Into the alleged differences
between Cecil Rhodes and Colonel*Keke
wich. Indeed, he declared the War. Oftice
was not aware that the latter's authority,
had In any way been questioned. : .
The only positive answer given by. Mr.
Wyndham to the interrogations was to the.
effect , that neither dum-dums nor/any
thing In the nature of expanding. or ex
plosive bullets had been used by'the Crlt>'
ish troops in South Africa, In regard to.
WITNESSES DESCRIBE
THE GOEBEL MURDER
Preliminary Examination of Secretary
of State Powers Is Begtin at
L _g.r% f^k -4*% ITT "T* 4J-^
TROOPS ON GUARD AT- KENTUCKY'S CAPITAL.
-| —^RANKFORT, Ky., March- 23.r-The
|j preliminary' examination cf ; Secre
"ri : tary of ""Sttte'Culeb" -Powers",
'vLT; ' ; charged " with abetting the I nssas-.
' ' slnarionof' William Goebel, began
to-day. before Judge Moore. The Court
house was guarded inside and out by
militia and scares of deputy sheriffs
armed with Winchester rifles to prevent
possible interference from mountaineers;
who were reported on their way to
Frankfort, but their presence was' un
necessary, as the mountaineers failed to
appear and no disorder occurred.
The witnesses, to-day included Warden
Eph Lillard. Detective Armstrong, Sheriff
Bosworth of.Fayette County, who arrest
ed Secretary Powers and Captain. John
Davis, and Silas Jones, who is now under
bonds, charged .with . complicity In the
murder. The testimony tended to show
that the shots -came, from that section of
the executive building In which Secretary
Powers' offlce Is located,'- although no one
swore that the: shots were from the Sec
retary's office.. . .. , •
The strongest -evidence perhaps .was
givemby Silas Jones, who was In Gover
nor Taylor's anteroom when the shooting
took place.* There v/ere many in ¦ there
whom he.clld not knqw. : It was hla im
pression the shots were fired from the ex
ecutive building, and he thought l from
the corner of the building In which Sec
retary Powers' 'office is located. ¦ When
the shots wnre, fired- he walked into' 1 the
anteroom, where he saw Captain Davis
and Governor Taylor -among others. There
was considerable, txcltemf.nt. Governor
Taylor came to the door and wanted to
know who was shot.
Tried to' Open Po-wrers' Door.
"Did you see- any one try. to; open Caleb
Powers', door?" asked Attorney Poljprrove.
"Yes; I saw a man* with sandy whiskers
trying to ; open .the; door.; j- He .-struck :it
with a hatchet," replied Jones." • ¦-' '. \ ;," ;
:>: > Jone* said- there wH^mu^h nolrr /.but ''h^
could , not say *thata t ,he ; . hriard } " any. • from
Secretary Powers', office.'; ¦.¦}, ',[ - ¦', >, ' ; ,
On crors-examinaticn. Jones said he saw
Powers leave his olllce during ?the morn
ing for Louisville. This 'was previous to
the shooting-.
No evidence was adduced to-daj\ tending
to shov.- that the • defendant was impll
catPd in any conspiracy/b ut In one of tht
frequent wordy disputes between the at
torneys for the defense and ; those of the
commonwealth, the fnct was brought out
that F. Wharton Golden, who is said to
have made a confession, would bo 'called
to the witness stand' before the hearing
ends. Prosecuting ; Attorney Polsgrove
said to-night that eufßcieni. -evidence had
already. t-e<n hrard, to. warrant the arrest
of Powers, but that the 'case would be
much stronger before he was through.
An incident occurred during the Rafter
noon triat'showed how the" people are pre
pared : for-- emergencies. 'A soldier in. the
rear courtyard dropped, his revolver'-on
the stone flagging and .it J exploded. In
an instant every| man In - the . crowded
courtroom was on his_ feet.; fully n third
of them with their'hands to their rear
pockets. • ' -¦ -. ,» ' ."
Explained to theJPfesident.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— Colonel An
drew "Cowan," a" merchant' of ""Louisville,
Ky.; Samuel J.. Robrrts, editor of the
Ltxlnpton Leader,", and "JtJhn Marshall,
Republican Lieutenant Governor of ; ; the
State, all prominent Republicans and
friends of Governor Taylor.' called at. the
White House before the Cabinet meeting
to-day and had n half-hour's conversation
with the President on' thepolitfcal -situa
tion In Kentucky.- On, leaving the Execu
tive Mansion they stated 'that' they -had
called 'on for the sole pur
pope of explaining^ Uk him ; the exact situ
'Atlon: \n'\ the State *an(l '.what' ha4* lei* up
toTthn present corrl!tlon;ofjaff.air9.."-^. vt ';
! They naid that they' assured the Presi
dent, that thpy' did not want Federal
troops -to be sent to the State or any Fed
i eral Interference v.'haiever. They had
not asked, for a Conpressio^al investiga
tion, they said, nor would they ask for
lone, as. they did not want It. On Febru
ary. 21 the. principal parties in interest had
| si pried an agreement by which each party
j aRTPed ¦to | submit the questions . involved
to the courts for a final 'determination and
to. abide by.-thclr decision. This • agree
ment,.; it i is said, stipulated that either
[patty, feeling aggrieved might appeal from
j the lower court to the Court of Appeals
• and k then to the Supreme Court of the
I United -States. This part of the agree
ment/ It Is said, read as follows:
Should any party, after the final determina
tion-of the cause* 'by the Court :of Appeals,
desire a writ of error to the Supreme Court of
I the IJr.lted States to review «uch determination,
l ltls ojcreed that such writ chall be Immediately
I applied for and 'diligently prsweuted. If secured.
1 and that all parties tp said cauFe* will unite
1 In any ' application ¦ to Maid Federal .: Supreme
Cburt to docket. and advance said causes and
to Rlve_ them the earliest hearing- and deter
mination riossllile. •
'¦ Cowan and /.his associates claim that
| the Goebel partisans have' done a number
' of things which Indicated they were not
« acting' ln good faith. Nevertheless, thfy
; dltl not expect, any serious clashing, but.
¦! on the contrary," believed ' that all . of the
;] interests involved. would abide by, the de
\ cisloh of the Supreme Court of the United
:' States, 1 though it was not at all probable
j that either; party would be satisfied with
i anything short of a decision by the high
j est court In the land.
the trouble between Colonel Bloomfleld
Gough and Lord Methuen, Mr. "Wyndham
said that, the formerts command ..expire^
March'lß, and. that 'his return home pre
vious to that' date v;as duo to . Lord
Methuen's action. ; An investigation into
this matter, he added, would be held,ns
soon as witnesses .would return from
South Africa. . ¦ ¦
BOERS AT FOURTEEN
STREAMS THREATENED
LONDON, March 23.— A dispatch : to the
Daily .'- News , from ; Warrenton, dated
Thursday, describing Lord Methuen's po
sition there, says:'
"A small flanking force sent -through
Boshoff ; secured , . an ' important crossing,
where' the ferry had been destroyed, but
foreseeing this Lord Methuen had another
pont' built. 'which Is "ready to be sent
thither when , an advance is considered
opportune. The r cavalry;and infantry col
umn Is, en route for this point. Thus the
position of. the Boers at Fourteen Streams
!s formidably threatened. Lord ; Methuen's
advance has not been hurried - to ) the re
lief of Mafeklng, . where \ the pressure [ap
parently, has been relaxed as a. result \ of
operations v elsewhere; ; but he is confident
of his ability to push aside the opposition
on the Vaal River . when the proper J time
comes." '. •*"¦¦¦'' '.
ENTORCING MARTIAL LAW.
CAPE -TOWN.- March 23.— 1t Is under
stood " that .* Slr,- : Alfred : Milner's mission
northward js connected with the enforce
ment of martial law. He will use his per
sonal ¦ influence toward- the pacification 'of
disaffected centers. \ : The Cape | Ministry; is
loyally, supporting him. ; Martial i law, { in
response "• to ; requests , from loyalists, has
been proclaimed in the Gordonia' districts;
1 / - -" ' '*'¦!* ""' " • ? ,i '.
ISOLATING PLUMER'S FORCES.
LONDON, March U.—X dispatch ) to the
Dally; - News i from ; Lourenro Marques;
dated • Friday,- say s : :• "It lis i reported | here
from ' Pretoria' that ' Commandant , Eloff jis
isolating Colonel Plumer'a xoroe* - near
Gaberones." '' -•¦ '.- :"- : . ' ',\:,-l> f. s .".-i
THESE FREE STATERS
TO CONTINUE FIGHTING
f . ¦¦¦ ¦¦• — : ¦¦¦'¦¦', ' •
BOER CAMP, KROONSTADT, March
22.— Affairs are being put 1 In proper, sh£.ptj,
arid , the Free Staters .who" had to leave are
returning In crowds.. The President's ptoc
lamation has shown the burghers that the
Government Is 'standing firm. The com
mands are mobilizing in great numbers
and the men 1 are' more determined* than
ever.; ; ., " ..,'¦ "' . ..' , '. :<. '\ ¦*•¦'>' '/i*= ¦¦'¦'•¦
President Steyn ¦ has issued : a proclama
tion in • which ;he warns the . burghers not
to lay down their arms and help (he'TCng-
Hsh; - that; they: are" liable to _ the 'utmost
punishment as traitors.
JOUBERT COMMANDING
THE COMBINED FORCES
LONDQN,\ March 24.— A. Bloemfontein
correspondent' of -'the ¦ Daily News . tel
egraphing' Thursday says: "A letter from
Mr? Poultiiey,' an- interpreter in'the Free
State ; courts, , has , received sby his
wife * here lin whlchUhe writer ' declares
t hat> General Joubert? is commanding the
combined j' forces \i at -/ Kroonstadt,' where
there is * plenty> of :.' men,* guns , and food
stuffs for a determined resistance."
FRENCH'S MEN FIGHTING
EAST OF BLOEMFONTEIN
' LONDON, March 33.— According to a
special "dispatch; from i Cape ; Town, 1 - dated
to-day ,l General : French's cavalry brigade
is fighting eastward of Bloemfontein.
REBELLION SUPPRESSED
. . BLiOEMFONTEIN, iThursday, : March 22. 1
The rebellion [ in'the Prieeka district ha«
been . suppressed 1 and ' Lord Kitchener ; is
returning here.'t'-'; : -^"-v. '? , .' ,
HAS STEYN BEEN DEPOSED
>i SPRINOFONTBSDf.i Friday, : March «."—"
]It !• reported'; hero : that \ Mr. ; Stey n baa
been deposed from the Presidency and
that, the public affairs of the Free State
are being administered by a committee- at
Kroonstad. . . ¦ ¦ ;
ALL DIFFERENCES
FULLY ADJUSTED
Parties to the Carnegie-Frick Contro
'¦':.' versy Sign the . Combine's
• ¦ ¦ ¦ - New; Charter. ...
PITTSBURG. March 23.— A1l the parties
in Interest, in the great Carnegie-Frlcic
controversy were in ; attendance in -the
boardroom of, the Carnegie Stfcel Company
from 1 11 o'clock ; this ,- morning . until . nearly
6 o'clock this afternoon, and as a. result it
Is said authoritatively.,' that not only . have
aH;*matters^of difference' been settled and
adjusted, • but that ' the separate^ and dis
tinct amounts! which each person is to re
ceive from, the great combined capital has
been ; agreed .. upon. ; The charter of .the
Carnegie Steel ¦ Company ¦ has ' been signed
by the persons in interest,' some thirty-six
in -all, and 'the ; first -three names on .he
certificate tare Andrew Carnegie, j Henry
PhippsJJr.r and ; Henry i_ Clay -Frick. This
indicates to . the world that the old friends
and | recent litigants are again (united | an.l
standing ; together, "¦; heading the' list of
those'; Interested '¦, in " the , combined Indus
tries ' toyo y be ': represented -by the *: Carnegie
company, "with :: its 'capital of $160,000,000
and its securities amounting to perhaps ad
much more.'. , ¦¦¦"'. : -, ¦ : - -.-.= •
',;•, Of * this : amount Andrew . Carnegie sub
scribed';; over \ $80,000,000, '. Henry, iPhlpps
about . * $18,000,000, Henry LC. : Frick .about
$16,000,000. * Charles M. Schwab '¦- about : $18,
000,000 and : Francis .; T. F. \ Lovejoy about
$8,000,000. The rest is In scattering amounts,
alt hough the; list ". is ; said : to , contain, and
certainly.; represents.; in ' the neighborhood
of, twenty,; millionaires. ,'X ._
;\The f result " o_f \ the"' conference -vu - alco
an :agreemeht Ton fall • minor., points of dc
taTLV-The. charter, in! the 'case is '.likely; to
be; filed , on- Monday . of next week."; and • !t
is I proposed • on and \ "Wednesday
of next week to close all the preliminaries,
to I hold :• the I directors'- i nee tin g V here V in
Plttsbuxg and to elect officers of the com
pany and ! arrange ¦ every other matter of
deta/f ¦...:. ..... : ;-. ; ;*i; ..v.. -.
SLOWER KISSES
UPON ACCUSED
MISS HORLOCKER
Hastings Wori)en Show Their Be
lief iQ the Prisoner's
iQnoceoce.
Court, Counsel and Spectators Deeply Moved
by an Incident in the Trial of the
Alleged Poisoner.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
HASTINGS. Nebr., March 23.— The
State to-day rested and the Intro
duction of testimony in the de
fense of Miss Viola Horlocker, on
trial for sending poisoned candy
to Mrs. Morey, commenced. One witness
was called to show that the woman seen
In the flat about the time the candy was
left there was not Miss Horlocker. The
succeeding witnesses ' were questioned as
to her inheritance of insanity from her
mother and her attorney said it would be
shown by testimony that she was insane
at the time the crime was alleged to have
been committed and is at the present
time. ¦ C-vl:-'
One of the most exciting incidents of
the trial occurred this afternoon when a
number of Hastings women rushed up to
Miss Horlocker and showered kisses upon
her. The fair, defendant was almost over
come by this unexpected demonstration
and the court, counsel and spectators were
deeply moved.
The love affairs of Lawyer Charles F.
Morey and Miss Horlocker were described
on the witness stand this afternoon by
Miss Eva Stewart, an intimate friend of
Miss Horlocker. Miss Stewart testified
that Viola had come to her and said she
had something to confess. She then went
on to tell how Morey made his first ad
vances to her in the office after the others
had gone home. He was sad and lonely,
he said, and wanted a friend. Viola
promised to assume the role, and things
progressed so rapidly tnat on a certain
occasion, when Morey was soothing her
headache with hypnotism, a little door in
her heart flew open and she experienced a
feeling never before entertained for a
man. After that she was frequently in
his company and everything went as hap
pily as a marriage bell until Mrs. Morey
took a hand. Then Morey told Viola that
he must be faithful to his wife and that
she (Viola) must regard him only as a
friend. This caused her much grief, but
the attachment was finally broken off.
MISS VIOLA HORLOCKER, Who Is on Trial on a
Charge, .of : Attempting to Murder, by Means of
. Poisoned, Candy, . Mrs,; . Morey, the Wife of Her
Lmployerr:
TRIAL OF FRANCIS
TRUTH CONTINUED
i
Sick and Maimed Persons Appear in .
Court as "Witnesses for the
.Government.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, March 23.— 8y agreement be
tween counsel the trial of Francis Truth i
of the "Institute of Divine Healing" on 1
the charge -of having devised a "scheme i
and artifice" with Intent to use the United ;
States mails for the purpose of. defraud- i
ing the public was continued until April 2.
At the appointed hour for the beginning i
of the trial this morning the United States
Circuit Court room was filled with specta- i
tors, most of whom seemed to have some .
personal interest -in' the : proceedings. t
Nearly forty of them were witnesses for
the Government,' and many of the others j
were sick -and maimed who have been
treated by the defendant.
Francis Truth." with his wife, came into
¦the courtroom early, and as his former
employes . entered and took seats behind
him in the : capacity of. Government wit
nesses he greeted them with a- smile and
a gentle bow. After the witnesses had ;
been called the courtroom was cleared of
spectators. Even Francis Truth and his
counsel had to depart at the request of
Assistant District Attorney Casey, wjio
wanted a private consultation with the
witnesses on the Government side.
HANDWRITING EXPERTS
WILL NEXT BE HEARD
Mrs. Conrad Completes Her Testi
mony in the Mansfield Libel
. Case.
HOLLISTER. March . 23.— The fourth
day of the Mansfield trial closed with the
two , days" examination of , Mrs. Conrad,
the prosecuting. witness. She testified as
to the efforts made to entrap Mrs. Mans
field, the ' receipt of : anonymous letters
and i the attempt and failure .'to fix the
guilt on , many suspected , persons. Mrs.
A. . Tonn. 7 Mrs. Joseph Grubb and Mrs.
Olive Porter, high lights in the Rebekahs,
followed with suspicious circumstances
pointing . to the defendant's guilt. •• ' ' .
Justice Agnew. also 'detailed the receipt
of an anonymous letter; and his detective
work ¦ to ; catch the author. .: The 'Agnews
letter ¦ warned •- him ; about allowing _ his
children to associate with the Conrad
children, . and followed ; a picnic *at" the
Conrad place ; whlch was attended by the
Agnew children. The case went over un
til Monday," at .which time the experts on
handwriting will take an ¦ inning.
CONSENTS TO DELAY.
Franos Grants Postponement of Ac
... tidii on' Reciprocity, Treaty.
PARIS.' March 23.— At a Cabinet council
to-day.; the / Minister -of ; Foreign .Affair*.
M. Delcanse, < announced ! the signature of
the I protocol 4 delaying the ' ratification of
the ' Franco-American ' treaty ¦ until * March
24, 1901. * "•' v - ,-.
ONCE A RICH SAN
FRANCISCO MERCHANT
James Sharp Arrested While Beg
ging on the Streets of New
York.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. March 23.— James Sharp.
now broken in health and dressed In racf3,
but ten years -ago. he says, a wealthy iron
merchant In San Francisco, was arrested
while begging- In the Bowery to-day »n«l
sent, to the Almshouse for thirty days.
While asking alms near Bayard street the
old man was found by Policeman John
Llebler of the Essex Market vagrancy
squad. He said he was glad to be arresi
ed, as he was ill and hungry. He gave h<a
age as 59 years and said:
"I am penniless now, but or.cc I was a
rich man. I was an iron merchant in Cali
fornia, and men there who are now mil
lionaires were once In my employ. I am
ashamed to let. them know that. l, have
fallen so low. I can beg from strangers,
but I would not ask help from the men
who knew me in better days."
On his own request the old man was
sent to the Almshouse.
»
HARVARD GRADUATES
FOR STANFORD FACULTY
President Jordan Making 1 Selections
"of Instructors at the Eastern
Institution.
Special Dispatch to The Call. SC9I
BOSTON; March 23.— Dr. David Starr
Jordan, president of Leland Stanford Uni
versity, arrived In Boston late yesterday
afternoon and is now stopping at the
Hotel Brunswick with his wife. Dr. Jor
dan's last visit to Boston was In IS9I. the
time Stanford University was opened. H»
Is here to visit President Eliot of Har
vard.'and he intends to select two or
three professors for Stanford from the
Harvard postgraduates.
"I wanted to see President Eliot par
ticularly," he said, "and ther. I came to
Boston because I wish to keep In touch
with Harvard as much as possible. I ex
pect to make some Important additions to
our faculty, and I think this is about as
good a place to come to for them as there
is. Stanford has made It a point to get
Harvard men where it was advisable to
do s^, and we already have a large num
ber."
DUKE OF ORLEANS
ATTACKED BY A BEAR
Narrowly Escapes Death While
Hunting in the South of
Spain.
SEVILLE. Spain, March 23.— The Duke
of Orleans, who Is traveling In the. south
of Spain, participated In a wild bear hunt
near here yesterday. He had a narrow
escape.- A bear attacked him. Inflicting a
¦wound In the leg. but the duke killed him
before , he .could do further' Injury. The
duke's, wound Is sllsrh* -
FIGHTING AND WATCHING AT MAFEKING
The latest news from Colonel Plumer' s column Is to the effect that h* has
given up the attempt to reach Marking and retired, after sharp fighting 1 ,
from Lobatsi to Crocodile- Pools, ferae ten miles to the north. What dis
appointment this failure t<> succor them brines to the garrison can be better
imagined than described. Ever pinc-e his arrival at Lobatsi some three weeHs
ago they have doubtless t**en at the pitch of anxious expectation to see the
head of his column come in si^ht. The illustration shows the men In the
trenches usins their guns on the Boers and their telescopes in looking for
Plumer.ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sor&figia
Is an ancient foe of the race. It attacks
the child in the cradle, and unless ex-
pelled from the blood, follows him to the
crave. Hood's Sarsaparilla completely
cures this disease by eradicating its poi-
sonous taint* from the blood. Thousands
of grateful parents write that their chil-
dren who were tortured and disfigured by
scrofula have been entirely cured by this
great medicine.
Sores —"I w *a jB bothered for some time
with very bad sores on my arms ajid
hands. I got a bottle of Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla, and when I had taken it the sores
were all gone." W. E. WILLIS, Fenton,
Cal.
HOOD'S
SarsapaHßßa
Never Disappoints. It is th« Best Medi-
cine Money Can Buy. All Druggists.
CONCESSIONS
NOT AWARDED
TO FAVORITES
Secretary Root Explains the
• Grants for Dredging
at Nome.
Under the Authority of the Naviga
tion Act of 1899 He Is Treating
Favorably All Appli
cations.
"WASHINGTON, March 23.— Secretary
Root to-day transmitted to the Senate his
reply to the resolution requesting infor
mation on the War Department's practice
of granting permits for gold dredging off
the Alaskan coast. He states that no
concessions or grants to excavate the
gold-bearing bed of the sea' at or in the
vicinity of Cape..Nonle, or. ln other Alas
kan waters, have been made by the Secre
tary of War or any other official of the
War Department, but that permits have
been given, under. the navigation act of
March 3, 1899, to excavate or dredge for
gold at yolnts j where there can be no
hindrance to navigation. He states that
prospectors must secure such permits to
avoid liability to heavy fines under the
act.- The Secretary adds:, • ¦".t-fv^-
As this statute was designed solely for the
protection of navigation, It has been the prac
tice of the War Department to grant permits
to persons desiring to excavate for any purpose
when the work is not such as .to injuriously
affect navigation and is; otherwise lawful... Per
mitß thus granted are not exclusive; they do
not preclude . any number- of .similar permits
applicable- to the same territory; they are not
grants or concessions and they confer no rights
whatever, except Immunity. from prosecution
under the statute. - '
No Application Denied.
As there seems to be no legal reason why all
citizens of the United States should not have
the same opportunity to prospect for gold and
acquire mining rights under the mining laws
upon land under water as they have upon lands
not under water, the department determined
as a general policy In the exercise of the discre
tion of the Chief of Engineers and Secretary of
"War by thts statute to relieve all citizens apply
ing from the obstacle interposed by this statute
as* long as their proposed operations do not in
fact Interfere with navigation. 'All applications
made under this statute have, accordingly, so
far as it^ has been possible to dispose of them,
received favorable action. No application of
this description has been denied. Upon two
permits have been granted. .Upon a third papers
had been prepared and were awaiting the Sec
retary of War's signature at. the time of the
passage of your resolution. Three others were
approved by the Chief of Engineers and were
In the hands of the Judge Advocate General for
the preparation of the necessary papers. Eleven
others are still -In the office of the Chief of
Engineers In process of examination ui>on the
question whether they -interfere with naviga
tion. Four more Just received are in the of nee
ot the Secretary of .War will to-day be sent
to the Chief of Engineers.
Unless otherwise directed by Congress the
Secretary of ' War will deem It his duty la the
exercise of the discretion vested In him by law
to erant permits In all of these cases and upon
all other similar applications by citizens of the
United States, provided that the proposed work
does not affect navigation.
6top« the Coufth and Works Off the Cold.*'
¦ Laxative Bromo^Qulnlne TabUts cure a cold
in on* day. No our*, no pay. Price 25c. * ' ;
Masonic Convocation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN ANDREAS, March 28.— A Masonic
convocation was t held at Murphys .<• last
HOOD'S PILLS cure »ick headache, indiges-
tion. 25c
Lawton Mortgage Canceled.
Special Dinpatch to The Call.
. REDLANDS. March 23.— Mrs. General
H. W. Lawton. now visiting this city,
has canceled. the mortgage of $5300 held by
Captain J. McC. Preston of Orleans, Neb.,
upon her house and ranch In this (San
Bernardino) county.
as«a s s a o »»««'» a»w a
B ' Easter i» comingl ; And so 8
a are" the Easter hats! - Swell«r O
» ; this j year than^ ever ..before! S
J3 The Call next Sunday "will «
show a full page of them and ; a
q tell' you » some things about a
£ them worth knowing. : Look . £
g out f or/the hat page— they are g
w beauties! : - l /.:--'\.7.---'.- v
aaaaaaaasa a a a ct 3 & %
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. "Om dose will stop
jf. cough. Never falls. Try It. All druggists. • <
GERMANY ACQUIESCES.
Pleased by the Sending of an Amer
ican Warship to Taku.
Special cable to The Call and New York Hsr
aid. . Copyright. . 1300, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company. ."*« . .
BERLIN, March ; 24.— The Magdeburger
Zeitung .learns . seml-offlcially that the
sending of an American warship to Taku,
at the mouth of the Pel Ho, has created
no anxiety here the view being that the
more powers taking part. In the opening
up of China the greater is the chance of a
peaceful settlement of the Far Eastern
question.-. . :
Nothing is known here of a demonstra
tion of tne great powers on the coast of
China:-': > <
Jack Cooke at Woodland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND,' •:- March : 23.— The "'., Cooke
band, « including ; Jack Cooke, ; the boy
preacher, , closed fa 1"f a1"a 1"a 1 " revival meeting "here
to-night, and to-morrow " will leave for
Stockton. .. ,*. " :
' w^ r* \t
m I-* l-» k
For this Is the time of year when the poi-
sonous vapors arise to breed sicknesj and
misery. It is not alone the marsh lands
that give forth the malaria miasma (poi-
son), for right in the midst of thickly pop-
ulated cities this poison Is generated.
HUDYAN both protects and rescues the
system from the malarial poison, for
HUDYAN destroys the malarial germ,
and through its action upon liver and
kidneys expels the poison from the sys-
tem. Know for yourself If you have ma-
laria. Have you frequent headaches (Fig.
1>: yellow eyes (Fig. 2); coated tonyua
i (Fig. 3); aches and pains In joints (Flg3.
4-5); palpitation of heart (Fig. 6); dM-
ordered dlpestlon (Fig. 7): a torpid liver
(Fig. 8)? Or have you dlsxy spells, tired
and wornout feeling, loss of appetite, coa-
tlveness or dumb chills? HUDYAN will
cure you. HUDYAN will give you
strength, a splendid appetite, activity, en-
ergy, a general glow of health. Peoplo
who live In malarial districts and taka
HUDYAN are never troubled with thH
baneful disease.
HUDYAN is for sale by all drusslsts
for 50c a package or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not ke«p HUDYAN
¦end direct to the
HUDYAN REMEpY CO.,
; " ¦ vbor. Stockton, Ellis and Markot Sts^
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
f — ?•.of tbe Hudyan Rerrjedy
innfTflDC Co. may b« consulted
I DUL 1 UilO I by latter or Iq' person.
-4 . ;; — ?¦ Write your s.mptorrjs.
SEND FOR CIRCULARS AND TESTIMO-
NIALS OP THE GREAT HUDYAN— FREE.
yfi^^w Neglect of a Cough or Sore
4S2a2STW Throat-often results in an
rKwWTTMa Incurable Lung Disease or
UWiyggaEy Consumption. For relief in
%£?i\ss£r Throat troubles useßsowy 3
Bronchial Troches, a sim-
ple yet effectiVe remedy. Sold only in boxes.
Death of Sherman Rogers.
SANTA BARBARA, March 23.— Sherman
Rogers, a. prominent citizen of Buffalo. N.
V., died at the residence of his son. It.
Cameron Rogers, the well-known poet, at
1 o'clock this afternoon of cerebral menin
gitis. ...
RAIN AND SNOW
ARE WELCOMED
IN THE SOUTH
Will Be of Great Benefit to
Orchardists in San
Bernardino.
?
Special Dispatch to The Cb.lL
At Chino There Was a Cloudburst
and Many Cattle in the Fields
Were Drowned in Bap- .
ily Bising Creeks.
LOS ANGELES, March 23.— A bare
Bprlnkle of moisture fell inLoa Angeles to
day, but from the desert section east to
the Arizona line rain Is reported. The
precipitation on the line of the Santa Fe
to Needles and east of the Sierra Madre
range is reported as a soaking one and tho
best in many months. At Pomona it
rained nearly four hours, with an Inch to
the season's credit. At San Bernardino
the rain was heavy and will do much good
to the trees that are In blossom. Incom
ing, passengers from the East report a
heavy fall of snow early this morning
east of the summit. Showers are predict
ed for Southern California to-morrow.
ANAHEIM. March '23.— A heavy rain
fell thid afternoon throughout. the north
ern part of the county. In the mountains
it began raining last night and has con
tinued almost incessantly. In many
of the canyons swift streams are running.
A small cloudburst. was reported this aft
ernoon in the Chino range. Much stock
was drowned. ¦•:¦-".. -<
SAN DIEGO, March 23.— There has been
a rallfall all over San Diego County ex
cept here. The precipitation during tha
last twenty-four hours was .02 of an inch,
making 3.16 inches for the season.
NEGRO PRISONER
THREATENED BY
VIRGINIA MOB
Is Under Arrest for the
Murder of Two Men
at Skippers.
Militiamen Guard the Jail and the
Authorities Hope to Avoid the
Threatened Lynching, hut the
Troops May Be Attacked.
RICHMOND, Va., March 24.— Since
early yesterday (Friday) afternoon the
Governor of Virginia and the peace offi
cers of Emporia have been temporizing
with a mob which threatens to lynch a
negro prisoner. The militia has been or
dered Into action and withdrawn three
times in less than twenty-four hours.
The negro who, with a white man, killed
Justice of the Peace Saunders and Mr.
Welton at Skippers, on Thursday, was,
after ah all-night chase, captured on Fri
day at Stoney Creek, Sussex County. He
confessed to the shooting of Saunders and
"VVelton and to several robberies. He Is
the notorious negro Cotton, who escaped
from the Portsmouth, Va., Jail some
months ago white under sentence of
death.
A crowd gathered at Emporia, the coun
ty seat, bent on lynching Cotton upon hU
arrival. Judge Goodwin wired the Gov
ernor a request for troops, and the Gov
ernor promptly ordered Company )i, the
Richmond Blues, to report at the Coast
Line depot, where a special- had been pe
cured. ' Later the Governor received from
the Judge a telegram stating that his
life was in danger if the troops were. sent.
The Governor asked if he must construe
this as a withdrawal of the request, but
subsequently the Sheriff's indorsemeni
came and the troops ' were dispatched.
They arrived at the- scene early Friday
afternoon and surrounded the Jail.
At 9 o'clock last night It was reported
to the Judge that if the troops remained
at Emporia the mob would attack thorn.
It was then agreed that the Sheriff should
order the troops back, and a local guard
be placed at the jail, the crowd agreeing
that the law should take its course.
At 11 o'clock the Jail was in charge of
the local guard? and the military were
quartered: in^ the courthouse. It was re
ported, however, that a mob was ap
proaching from Pleasant Hill and another
from along the Atlantic and Danville
Railway. , •:
At 1:40 a. m. the military were again
called upon to take charge of the jail. It
being reported that a lynching mob was
forming on the edge of the town. Major
Cutchins has wired the Governor for an
other company. .
A second , company of the Bluos was
accordingly ordered to Emporia and a
lynching now seems improbable.
WILL ATTEMPT
TO PASS THE
TARIFF BILL
Friends of the Porto Rican
Measure Fix Upon a
Programme.
Decide to Force Early Action and, if
Possible, to Vote Down All
Proposed Amend
ments;
WASHINGTON, March 23.— The Repub
lican caucus committee of the Senate to
day authorized Senator Foraker In definite
terms to postpone the separation of the
tariff feature from the Porto Rican gov
ernmental bill and to attempt to pass the
House.tariff bill without amendment. The
programme is to vote down all amend
ments, If possible to do so, and pass the
bill as it came from the House without
any changes whatever.
The element In the Republican ranks in
the Senate favoring free trade with Porto
Rico decided at a conference to-day to
oppose any action looking to an early vote
and to ask for further time in case the
question should come up.
During the conference the committee
went over the situation In detail, consid
ering all the points at issue. There were
suggestions as to the necessity of amend
ing the bill so as to suit the demands of
the Republican free trade element, but
these were considered as more than offset
by the situation In the House and the
necessity of maintaining the party tariff
principle. ; .
The opinion was strongly expressed that
any changes whatever in the House bill
would endanger Its acceptance by that
body, and In the end this fact controlled
the committee's decision. There was,
however, a disposition manifested to pla
cate the free traders. by making various
amendments to the governmental bill.
The tariff advocates have gone so far as
to draft amendments to that measure,
which are 1 intended to correct adminis
trative defects in the House bill and also
to meet many objections to the House
tariff measures. One of these amend
ments looks to the ' enlargement of the
free trade list so as to include most of the
articles of export In which the - constit
uents of the free trade Senators are in
terested.- There is also a proposition look
ing to the entire removal of the duty on
articles in the United States going into
Porto Rico. • " ¦
Free, Traders.
The action . of the conference was soon
made known to the free traders, and It
soon became evident that they were not
satisfied with the situation. A hurried
conference was called In Senator Proc
tor's committee room, which was attend
ed by about ten Senators. These included
not only the iron-bound free traders, but
others who have not yet taken a decided
position against all Porto Rico tariff prop
ositions. . They did not enter Into any de
tailed discussion df the proposition of the
steering committee, but contended them
selves with' a determination to oppose any
proposition looking to the fixing of a time
to vote on either the House tariff bill or
the Senate governmental bill. They. were
unanimously -of the • opinion that delay
meant gain for the cause In the public
good will and In the Senate. A canvass of
the Republican . Senators was made with
the result. , it was said, that fifteen . could
be found who would oppose hasty action.
Of those; it was said, ten were unalterably
opposed -to ¦¦¦ a•¦ tariff ~on commerce- with
Porto Rico. -It was asserted explicitly
that the proposition made yesterday : . by
Senator Proctor on behalf of the free
traders for a vote next Wednesday would
not be renewed.
When the Senate adjourned several of
the members of the Republican caucus
committee admitted that no great prog
ress had been made. They said there
would be no withdrawal from the deter
mination to press for an early vote, and
to put the House bill through without
amendment. Other members, "however,
expressed the opinion that the bill might
yet 'be modified so as to meet the objec
tions of the free trade Republicans of the
Senate. They admitted that the Repre
sentatives of the House had told them
there was great danger In altering the
House measure In any respect.
STANFORD
HAPPENINGS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 23.—
Mrs. Rine D. Meeke, an elocutionist of
marked ability, gave a recital to-night in
the college chapel for the benefit of the
1901' quad. -.--¦' .
An attempt Is being made by the leading
golf players of the. two universities to ar
range for annual intercollegiate golf con
tests. A' representative • from the Univer
sity-of California is expected here soon,
¦when the matter will be definitely decid
ed. Such a contest would prove beneficial
to the sport on this coast.
Mrs. Stanford is planning a reception to'
be given at her California-street home to
the students of Stanford University. The
date has not been announced, though it
will probably be soon after the return of
President and Mrs. Jordan from the East.
The faculty was received by Mrs. Stan
ford Juat before her last Eastern trip.
The office of Resident Architect Hodges
took fire early last evening. From ap
pearances the fire was undoubtedly of in
cendiary origin.
Next Friday will be given up to the fes
tivities of Junior day. In the morning the
classes will hold 'an open field contest for
the college championship. In the after
noon the Varsity team will play on the
campus, probably meeting Its old rival,
the Santa Clara College team. ¦ The junior
farce will be given on Thursday evening
by a clever cast of students. The farce,
"All But Two,'- is the work of W. M.
Erb,- '01. ' The annual dance, the "junior
prom," will be held on Friday evening in
the Encina Club rooms. .As this is con
sidered one of the swellest functions of
the year a large crowd is assured.
Yanke's orchestra will furnish the music.
Rev. B. Fay Mills of Oakland will
preach In the university chapel Sunday.
The faculty of the Stanford law depart
ment is preparing a circular to be issued
shortly after the appearance of the Uni
versity Register. A total of twenty-five
courses will be offered by the five resident
professors and two non-resident lecturers.
Two of these courses will fall under other
departments, "Roman Law" being given
by Professor Fairclough of the Latin de
partment and "International Law" by
Professor Dunlway of the history, depart
ment. This will make the Stanford law
department the strongest on the Pacific
Coast. • .
SILVER REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION CALLED
Will Meet at Kansas City .at the
. - . . Time of the Democratic
Gathering. ' .
DTTLTJTH, Minn., March 23i — Chairman
Charles A. Towne of the National Com
mittee of the Silver Republican party has
Issued the following call for a national
convention:
• Pursuant to a resolution of the national com
mittee of the Silver Republican party at Its
meeting In the city of Chicago on the 29th
day of - November. 1599, a national convention
of said party is hereby called -to meet in tho
Coates Opera-house at Kansas City, Mo., at
12 o'clock noon on Wednesday, the 4th day of
July, 1900, for the purpose of placing In nom
ination candidates for President and Vice
President of the United States, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly come before said convention. '• . ¦
A cordial invitation to attend or to be rep
resented at this convention is hereby extended
to • all . electors In the United States who In
1896 left the Republican party and opposed Its
platform and ticket because of the abandon
ment by that party of its traditional policy of
bimetallism: and also to all present members
of that organization, who, by Its adoption of
the . gold standard, by Its retirement of the
greenbacks, ; but Its surrender to banks of the
Government function of Issuing money and Its
other, numerous acts of recreancy to the prin
ciples and traditions of the beet days of the
Republican party, have been convinced that the
party of Lincoln no longer exists, and who are
prepared to recognize the duties of • patriotism
as superior to all party obligations.
Instructions and suggestions will be immedi
ately sent to the various State and Territorial
organizations ¦ respecting the method of select
ing delegates to the national convention.,' •
i--- •;...- CHARLES A. TOWNS.
Chairman National Committee, - Silver Republi
can party. " -"; ¦.-¦ ¦: -¦ .-
When the stomach, liver and kidneys are tired
and without nerve energy the body is poorly
nourished, suffers lassitude and pain. Paine' s
Celery Compound is a medicine compounded to
restore nerve energy, to strengthen the stomach,
liver and kidneys* Read testimonials*
MISS CARRIE G. ATKINS, Sag Harbor, N. V.,
Writes I. "For the last two years I have been in very poor
health, with weak stomach, dizzy headaches, no strength, no
appetite, and my nerves in such a shattered state that I could
not bear ariy^noise. I was under the doctor's careior a long
time, but did not get well: One bottle of Paine's Celery Com-
pound has strengthened nrjr -nerves very much, and. I now feel
like another woman. «It has helped me wonderfully, and I advise
all who are weak and nervous to use it."
STEUNENBERG
ASSUMES ALL
RESPONSIBILITY
Says That He Alone Di
rected the Proceedings '
at Wardner.
Idaho's Governor Takes Upon His
Own Shoulders the Full Blame
for General Jderriam's
Course.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— Governor
Steunenberg of Idaho continued his.testi
mony in the Coeur d'Alene investigation
to-day, being cross-examined by F. C
Robertson, attorney for those prosecuting
the charges. The Governor said that if
any arrests were made prior to the is
suance of his proclamation it was with
his authorization and approval and be
cause of his general authority as chief
executive of the State. Before General
Merriam went to the scene of disorder
the Governor had a talk with' him and
told him to take such steps as were neces
sary to maintain -order. • When further
questioned as to just who was responsible
for arrests Governor Steunenberg said:
"I assume responsibility for every ar
rest made In Shoshone County by Gen
tral Merriam or any one else."
He was asked if he assumed this re
sponsibility in the case of a man brought
from Montana and amounting, it was al
leged, to "kidnaping." Governor Steunen
berg answered that if it amounted to that
he assumed responsibility, for that.
Chairman Hull at this point said that
he had received a letter, from Adjutant
General Corbin saying that the War De
partment was not in possession of the
official rolls of prisoners.
The Governor went on to testify that he
assumed responsibility for any - arrests
made by deputies outside the State, al
though he did not claim authority beyond
the State. He did not know that his dep
uties made these arrests, but if they did
he was the responsible official.
Robertson asked if the regular prison
in which the Federal prisoners were con
fined was not at Moscow, Idaho. The
Governor did not know of this; the use of
the stockade, or "bull-pen." was not the
result of any specific order, but was due
to the requirements of the occasion; ¦
I Instituted the Permit System.
When asked if he was consulted aa to
instituting the "permit- system" Gover
nor Steunenberg said Attorney. General
Hays reported to him that, after consult
ing with mine owners and citizens in the
Coeur d'Alene district ho had found evi
dence of a conspiracy dating back several
years and that he had accordingly writ
ten out a proclamation forbidding mine
owners from employing men* belonging to
an organization believed to be criminal.
The previous testimony had shown that
the Governor approved the course of Lieu
tenant Lyons in putting union men at
work at the Tlger-Poorman mine. Tho
Governor said he did not consider this a
violation of his own proclamation, as the
case was exceptional and the mine was In
danger of being flooded. He reserved the
right to act aa circumstances required.
DEMANDS CESSATION
OF MARTIAL LAW
WASHINGTON, March 23.— Senator
Allen In" the Senate and Representative
Lentz In the House to-day introduced a
Joint resolution setting; forth the con
tinued maintenance of martial law In the
Coeur d'Alene mining country and closing
with the following:
Be It resolved. That the further use of the
troops of the United States . In aiding or as
sisting in the maintenance of martial law
within the said county of Khoshone la Im
proper, unnecessary and unlawlul, r.nd that
the President of the United States be request
ed forthwith to withdraw said troops now In
Shoshone County, unless the said permit'sys
tem be forthwith immediately revoked, the
writ of habeas corpus restored to the citizens
of said county and martial law declared to be
at an end.
Be it further resolved. That the sense and
purpose of this resolution is in no wise to
influence the President of the United States
in maintaining and keeping said troops within
the limits of said county of Shoshone to aid
the proper officers in the execution of the
civil law therein.
The resolution is preceded by a long
recital of the alleged improper conditions
existing, in part as follows: . .-•¦-.
Whereas. At all times since the 3d day of
May, 1898, the county of Shoshone has been
In a state of peace and not of. war, • nor Inva
sion nor Insurrection, nor rebellion: and,
whereas., it Is not within the rower or author
ity of the Governor of Idaho or the President
of the United States In a time of peace to con
tinue martial law on account of any fictitious
necessity; and. whereas. In , violation of tho
fourteenth amendment of the constitution, : cit
izens have been arrested -without due process
of law and held for Indefinite periods at the
will of the authorities claiming .to exercise
martial law in said county, without any Judi
cial process of legal warrant; and, whereas,
the form of commitment and warrant of ,; ar
rest Is a revival of the infamous system of
lettres de cachet, by which Innocent citizens
were arbitrarily arrested and held during the
reign of Louts XIV of France- and -his des
potic minister, resulting In the I revolution: of
the people against such despotic tyranny, 'and
the same Is but a repetition of the unlawful
arrests made under the warrant of the early
kings of Enerland,- abolished by the Bill 1 of
Rights and the Magna Charta, and such .War
rants are ' Illegal, unconstitutional and : - un
precedented In the United States and abhor
rent to all classes of citizens, etc.
House to-day was one by Fitzgerald of
Massachusetts directing the Postmaster
General to exclude the book "Sapho" from
the mails. The preamble to the resolution
cays that an indictment has been fourd
against persons in the city of New York
connected with the play "Sapho" as being
immoral and against public decency, an«l
that a publication bearing the same name,
"gapho," and detailing In lewd and lasciv
ious language the features of the play, is
published and sent through the mails of the
United States. The resolution then recitc3
the postal laws againt the carrying of
lascivious books, etc., in the mail, and di
rects the Postmaster General to take such
precautions as are necessary to prevent
the use of the mail for carrying this book.
PORTO RICANS STARVING
WHILE CONGRESS DELAYS
Special cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 13C0, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PONCE, Porto Rico, March 23.— The sit
uation here Is now more serious than it
has been at any time before since the
terrible hurricane. In many places the
poor are starving. The prices of rice,
beans and codfish have increased from
40 to 100 per cent.
Demonstrations against the delay of the
United States Government in settling
open questions have . recently been held,
not only at San Juan, but at Mayaguez,
Yauco, Areeibo. Aguadilla, Fajardo,
Juana Diaz, Guayama and many other
towns. The people are unable to under
stand the delay and they condemn all
Americans indiscriminately.
Bad feeling is arising which It will take
years to overcome. Even riots are threat
ened. Trouble is almost inevitable until
the tension Is relieved. Even wealthy
land owners cannot command ready cash,
and many Americans are penniless, being
glad to work for their" board.
Private Pension Bills Passed.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— The House
to-day passed 142 private pension bills.
Late in the day'Talbert of South Carolina
raised the point of no quorum. The at
tendance was small at the time, but a
quorum was generally secured after a call
of the House. The conference report on
the Porto Rico relief bill was presented,
and 1 p. m. to-morrow was set as tire
time for voting on it.
JOHN BULL: "THAT NOISE MAKES .ME NERVOUS."
— St. Louis Republic.
night, in which seventy Masons partici
pated. San, Andreas Lodge was repre
sented by twenty-five members, and there
were delegates present from Angels, Mil
ton, Sheepranch, Salt Spring' Valley and
other points. A team from San Andreas
Lodge conferred the third degree on five
candidates jin conformity -. with the new
work. An elaborate banquet > followed,
provided by the ladies of the Order of the
Eastern Star. • _-. . . . .
EFFORTS TO BREAK THE
WILL OF W. H. WHITE
His Sister Alleges H« Was of "Un
sound Mind Owing to Excessive
Alcoholic Indulgences.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
UKIAH, March 23.— The contestants In
the W. H. White will case closed their
side this afternoon, and to-morrow the
proponents wiil open before Superior
Judge Mannon. William H. White, the
decedent, was at the time of his death,
July 4, IS9S, proprietor and manager or
the Greenwood-Lumber Company, a prop
erty valued at about $1,000,000, which had
been left him by his father, the late L.
E. White. The deceased W. H. White
left a sister, Mrs. Helen Paddock, of
Santa Rosa, but devised his entire estate
to his wife, excluding Mrs. Paddock,
who he alleged had been well provided
for by her father. Mrs. Paddock failed
to take this view of the case and began
the present contest to. break the will.
She was the first witness on the stand
and testified that her mother, Mrs. I*
E. White, deceased, had been a woman
addicted to the excessive uso of intoxi
cating liquors and of a violent and quar
relsome temper; that her mother had al
ways evinced a hatred to her and that
she had on one occasion endeavored to
force her to leave her home and lead an
Immoral life. She also declared that her
deceased brother was i continually -. in
ebriated and that at the time he made his
will he was of unsound mind. •
Mr. Estes of San Francisco testified
that he had been a bosom friend of the
decedent and that while together in San
Francisco they had spent days in carous
als, and that White was, according to
his idea, a habitual drunkard. The case
seems to hinge on the fact as to whether
or not a man addicted to the use of liquor,
with occasional excesses, can be of sound
and disposing mind.
SENATE VOTES
RELIEF FOR THE
PORTO RICANS
Conference Report Adopted
by Thirty-Five to
Fifteen.
Democratic Members of the Upper
House of Congress Solidly .
Arrayed Against the
Measure.
WASHINGTON. March 23.-The Sen
ate to-day adopted the conference report
on the Porto Rican relief bill by a vote
of 25 to 15, practically a strictly party ex
pression. No Democrat voted for the re
port, but Stewart of Nevada voted with
the Republicans. The time of discussion
was consumed mostly by Tillman, who
made a fierce attack on the measure, and
accused the Republican Senators and the
Republican party of indiscretion, hypoc
risy ajid "dirty work." His speech was
quite characteristic and was listened to
with interest by his colleagues on the
floor and the persons in the galleries.
Tinman sharply criticized the method
adopted by the United States of extend
ing handfuls of food to the people of
l'orto Rico as a gratuity.
"As long aa you continue to feed those
people down there," declared Tillman,
"yuu may feed 'them. So long aa the
freedmen'e bureau was maintained in the
South the colored race there attended to
nothing. That's a race characteristic.
This Government will set itself up as an
eleemosynary Institution by the passage
of this bill, and I do not believe we should
ttaiid en any such ground."
In response to an inquiry from Spooner,
Tillman said:
"I'm in favor of free trade with Porto
Rico. 1 don't believe In protecting one '.
part of the United States against an
other."
Perkins Versus Tillman.
Perkins of California inquired if Till
man was in favor of free trade with the
Philippines, knowing that those islands
had the advantage of peon and Malay
labor. Tillman r*-plied:
"If we are to continue to hold the
Philippines, I am in favor of free trade
¦with those islands. Those who voted to
bring into the country these islands, with
their cheap contiact, peon and Malay la
bor, were told of the results that would
lollow the ratification of the treaty. And
you could not get the votes necessary to
make that trtuty a law until you had
bought come men to vote for it. If it is
liow proposed to send a horde of carpet
baggers over there, backed by the bayo
nets of soldiers, to long as I have a voice
1 shall protest."
Referring to the recent speech of
Bc-veridge, Tillman declared It had been
distributed among the Filipinos and had
Infused new life and energy into the rev
olution, because it indicated the hypocrisy
and double dealing the United States had
resorted to in the treatment of the Fili
pinos.
Locking over at Allison, Tillman laugh
ingly Aiiluded to the resolution adopted by
the Legislature of lewa, "warning their
representatives in Congress." he said "of
the consequences of their action on the
pt-nding bill." It never rains but it
pours. The whole political structure is
tumbling about their ears.
Continuing. Tillman eaid: "I believe
that Mr. iicKinley is one of the most
lovable of men in public life, but the
trouble with him is that sometimes he has ,
not the backbone to stand up against his
party friends."
Disclaiming any authority to speak for
the President Perkins of California said
that the belief that the sugar trust had !
acquired the greater part of the sugar
product of Porto Rico and his desire to
build up the beet sugar industry' in the
United States had induced the President.
he believed, to favor a tariff if it were
true that he did favor It.
One Trust That Will Suffer.
Gallir.ger of New Hampshire, who is a
member of the Committee on Pacific
Islands and Porto Kico, said in that com
mittee there had been but one thought,
and that was to provide that which would
be best for the interests of the island and
Its inhabitants.
"Destitute and suffering as these peo
ple are." said Gallinger. "we ought to
pass this bill promptly and not deal in
cuch diatribes as we have been treated
to here."
Gallfnger declared that it was a familiar
cry that the trusts were controlling the
Republican administration.
"We heard that when Hawaii was an
nexed and free entry to our ports was
given to Hawaiian sugar. Now it is raised
again when we propose to place a small
duty upon the products of Porto Rico for
the benefit of the Porto Ricans them
telves.
"The trust which is suffering-." contin
ued Mr. Gallinger, "is a trust headed by
the British Vice Consul at San Juan. That
trust bought up the sugar under the full
Dir.gley rates and if they can get it into
this country free of duty they will make
the full hundred per cent of the tariff; but
if we succeed in putting a tariff duty of
33 iwr cent on the Dir.gley rate on that
njpar the trust's profits will be cut down,
by that much ar.d the people of Porto Rico
will benefit to that extent."
In the course of tho debate Tillman
said: "We had some dares here yester
day, but the bob-tailed flush of my friend
from Ohio (Foraker) did not go through."
(Laughter.)
Spooner protested against the making
of political speeches on measures like that
now pending. Having referred to the man
ner in which Tinman had characterized
thp work of the Republican Senate he and
Tillman beenmo involved in a controversy
ovfT the terms used by th«» South Carolina
Senator, which developed considerable
heat and ended by Sponner paying that in
view of statements justifying ballot-bax
stuffing and thp employment of the shot
gun policy against the negroes of the
Bomb, he was "tired of hearing all this
prattlf from Senators on the othpr side
of the chamber about the rights of Porto
Ricans and the Filipinos. It ought to b«
understood that the Senators on this side
of the chamber are as anxious to do the
riR-ht and .lust thing as are those on the
other Eid*."
WOULD BAR "SAPHO"
FROM THE MAILS
WASHINGTON. March 23.— Among th*
bills and resolutions Introduced in the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 24, 1900.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
STRENGTHENS THE TIRED.
- _
illiUilllllHllHlJl I liH'l'fc I
te;_ drake!
iMUiVI C?^ Amalgamator §
GOLD x£--^X3 sreven«m St. M
2Bold Daylight Robbery.
Epeclal Dispatch to The CalL
CHICO. March' 23.— A daylight robbtry
occurred In thi« city to-day , which ? for
boldness of conception and neatness of ex
ecution : surpasses \ the '-. postofflce *- robbery"
which occurred here some six weeks ago.
ADVEBTIS-TWFTJTS.
CHAPPEL GETS THE LAND.
Judge Johnson Hands Down Decision
of Interest .to Oil Locators.
Special Dispatch". to .The Call ' ¦ .-._. v
SACRAMENTO, March 23.— Superior
Judge Johnson *" of this county to-day r ren
dered ?an I opinion :of ¦ interest '- to ' oil ! well
owners land -* shareholders.': "The ; decision
was In the matter of the. petition of, H.G.
Chappel for a writ of mandate to qornpel
Surveyor General t Wright to issue a cer
tificate of purchase | of a thirty-sixth I sec
tion of land In Kern County, which aiTecta
the « location 4 of ! certain - oil ~ lands sin the
Kern River and other districts. v r : „
Chappel • located ' the ; land in controversy
as : grazing land.xi His application as tuch
was approved by 3 the^ Surveyor, General,
and I the required preliminary;; 4 payment
was made." ;- He , then applied ¦ for a 'certifi
cate of purchase, but J. D. Martin filed a
protest, claiming -that -:. this -.was ~ mineral
hind and that Chappel's location therefore
should not ; hold/ ; Martin < had ¦ filed a ' loca
tion as mineral land In the United Stites
Land 5 Office. <•; Judge } Johnson 5 holds " that
Chappel's » location f was -- 1 - in --- accordance
with the ¦¦ law < and decided that - the -writ
should issue ; to ; him. : >It Is . probabl« . that
the ' question ; as ; to . whether ,- the ? State ; or
the -Federal i Government i has * control lof
mineral > lands ;, will now • be s brought • up ¦' to
the "«• United States j courts ; for final set tle
ment."-'.:;; ';-"¦]<;' - : " y-'--\ ,-¦"-"' ;''.';•
Rev. Thomas Thorne Dead.
FRESNO, March' 23.rrThomas M. Thome
died 5 to-day I from • consumption^ He I was
minister i of ! the'*Adv«nt!st f.chureh/vf and
cam* here recently from Springfield,* Mo.,*
tori his health.
ESPEIGLE'S
CAPTAIN AND
CREW LOST
— ¦ • '.
Cutter Goes to Pieces on
Otoma Reef During £
a Storm.
-,———?——
Four-Masted French Bark Emile Be
nouf Wrecked on an Uncharted
Bock in Australian.
Waters.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 23.—Ac
counts of a serious : marine ; disaster in
Australian waters were I brought , by the
steamer Warrimoo from Sydney, which
arrived to-day: . ' ~ - ; ... .
'• A' ; serious loss of life occurred in th«
wreck of . the cutter Espelgle, owned in
Nukalof a, Tonga, which went to} pieces
on Otoma Reef, when Captain John Cas
tle and twenty Tongaris were drowned. A
valuable cargo was also lost. , / .
Another total loss was that of the four
masted French bark Emile Renouf, from
Thlo, New , Caledonia, for Glasgow. She
carried a cargo of 3700 tons of nickel ore.
On February 6 she ran upon an uncharted
rock eighty miles south of Mare Isle and
sank Immediately. The crew of thirty-six,
with the wife and children of the com
mander. Captain Bougue, escaped in two
small boats, without food or water, so
sudden was the disaster. The shipwrecked
company remained In the boats for a
night and a day, but on the second night
they were picked up and landed safely at
Noumea. ' ;:
CROOK CAPTURED
AFTER HARD FIGHT
Robert. Collins Gives, Battle When
Detectives Plabe Him Under
Arrest. * ¦-•
A Seattle Bank Robbery Is Laid at His Door
and He Is Suspected of a Like Crime
in this City:
wjill si Saved
'^£0!^ tJ&ffi xtreme cases °^ <^' 9'9 '
ease test the real value
It Saved
My Li fem
Extreme cases of dis-
ease test the real value
of c Tnedidne. Many "tonic" and
"stimulant" preparations, which have
no real medicinal value, seem to brace
up the users when they are feeling
"played out." Any stimulant will do
this whether bought at the liquor store
or drug store. The true test of a med-
icine is v.-hen life itself is staked on its
remedial power. In hundreds of such
cases Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
covery has been the means of saving life
when even the "family doctor" had
pronounced sentence of death.
¦ I had been a great suSerer for several years,
aad mv faniilv doctor said I would not be a liv-
ing man in two years, but, thank God, I am still
livinff," writes Sir. George W\ Trustow, of Lips-
comb. Auyusta Co.. Va. "Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery i* what saved my life. I had
heart trotbie so bad that I could not lie on my
left side without a great deal of pain. I was
nearly past work when I commenced your med-
•ci-e but I can <Jo about as much work now as
any man. I cannot say too much for the benefit
I have received."
Many diseases, named for the organs
affected, as "heart disease," «lung dis-
ease," "liver complaint," etc, are per-
fectly cured by Dr. Pierces Golden Med-
ical Discovery, which cures through the
stomach diseases which originate in the
stomach.
A visit OR- JORDAN'S great i
IfiJiISEOB OF ANATOMY,
A C& i:cii_trsrTct.bJ 4 ..ei_*7*J:,c.r.a_. l
\ Of The L»rp«t Anttomical Moxnn in the
a "¦ JB 1 World. W a « nc-.vei or *ojr con tr.ct r d j
r &£ j_sj di»e»»e F— »tli««-ly r«r«»dt>ylbf oldert '
A &'*g*l 08. JORSAN-PRi/ATE DISEASES 4
v ytCxx^fi Ceiwultstion free and strirtlj prira> \
A I X/?eS fl T " ••niciit pmonalty or by 1-ttcr. A 4
V p flr IH tj >— >.(avc CW«ia every akcundcrukea. T
JaftH il_b Write for E'.olc. PBILOIOI'HV w* A
V • H T Hiuauvc, MAiua* fb.es., (Af
j jj |l, «aliu_lc book tat mral \
V r»« JOBDAN _r CO.. 1051 _larkM.St..N. F. f
f«'»^^^*^*^a^'%^«tt^»^»-«_^*^fe.<B
New York Dental Parlors.
•^•w_-_ --%. _ T»Ff Nowhere on earth is the -_ T —^ r*i * r%w
NO PA TNT of dentistry so Wf) GAS^
11 Vf A _TLxl 1 • thoroughly understood and '¦»•" VT Uil U •
Motij Office: «° l ? uc * ca J* *'P^ienced Branch omem .
Os by the directors of this _.„ -.«....-..__
PORTLAND, magnificently appointed SAN FRANCISCO,
4th and Morrison Sts. denial office. 723 Market Street.
You may have your TEETH OUT IN THE MORNING and
go home with NEW ONES THE SAME DAY. ,
NO CHARGE FOR * PAINLESS EXTRAC- ASIDE FROM THE SPECIALISTS IS
tlon when teeth are ordered. 'All work done by 'bridge work, we have specialists la plate work.
graduate dentists of 13 to 20 years* 'experience; who are world-renowned, men of superior ma-
a specialist in each department. We. will tell telligrence. who have devoted their whole livt»
you iin advance i exactly what " your work will to this work.
cost by a free examination. . Give us a call, and . . _____ -
you; will find we do exactly as we advertise.
_^__j_s - _r>l>_r_%%/_vl_> Tb « following: are among
_fft Dl ATVCf flS!3j_Lg_) I rCllWril.^ the "P^lal branches of
NDrLMILa HfcJCESIA V/l%VrTTll<_f which we challenge COM-
¦" ¦ nth _ IEdBISIL ¦•¦¦'- •'¦ ¦•.-••'.. PETITION: GOLD
|f__Ulll_v *^__H _B__H^SK CROWNS. GOLD BRIDGES (TEETH WlTH-
*l|Mb*_» __MM OUT PLATES). GOLD FILLINGS. PORCE-
______h *TE|j __PSI LAIN FILLINGS. - PORCELAIN CROWNS.*
_a_5HHU__ "¦ M PORCELAIN BRIDGES. TREATMENTS. EX-
lW_ir^l|/~>v— ». y^AT "\ JJ TRACTING TEETH WITHOUT PAIN. REG U-
¦P«» . 1 Y\ry T V"J LATINO TEETH. AND FULL AND PARTIAL
|j_a_mi__ w l.iMa M . I „ X V ..UmillttJr PLATES MADE OF GOLD. ALUMINUM. ZT-
IX)NITE. WATTS METAL. PORCELAIN AND
-- In our GOLD CROWNS and BRIDGE WORK. ¦;.
of which we are * making •a ¦ SPECIALTY, tho O£l ¦_- , _ .. *-__*_„. «* ckt\
most i beautiful. \ painless . and dur- 22-K Gold Crowns.... 85.00
ABLE ; of all. dental \ work known to. the pro- /- 'ij -'gsifii'-iVi-i' — '"- ' ' •' • i i ?<:> -- ;: ¦» Ort
fej>Bion. you will find an example of the HIGH- "010 rillings - *«V U
EST ARTISTIC ATTAINMENT.- the adaptabll-: cj-^,. Filltn«s** 'SO
Ity of.whlchito the HYGIENIC conditions of »*iVer, rulings -.— „ • ov
themouth is unquestioned.. "Teeth Without Plates . 5.00
'Any work that should not prove satisfactory » ccxn ,v» unuui i-ia vc».. °« uw
will <be attended • to,-« without charge. ;at our _, __,_._!_ _. __, __ •¦ ' ' ' *-» _ **. **.
nearest office. The , t ollowlns . price, .will pr- A FU L L SE T . .. . $5.00
723 Market Street; jSan Francisco.
y.^7^V:"/^;_an_TOßT-'B___iDn«o)r;'-'' • '"• -'-•"¦ ¦¦-•¦" -
FOURTH AND MORRISON 8TRE8T8...... ................ ...^. r .PORTLAND, OSL,
auw&s mips.
ALMOST ALH^_ts HEMS.
Favor Cable Scheme.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. VANCOUVER;; 8.C.. March . 23.— The
Governments of New South -Wales and
Victoria, Australia, have fallen In with the
cable scheme proposed by the Eastern Ex
tension Company to run a line from South
Africa vto Australia. Queensland, how
ever, holds out in favor of a cable from
Canada,*DUt, R is said, is being gradually
brought around byj the other colonies. Ma
lor Warren; : the :- representative of : the
Eastern Extension^ Company of , London,
who has interviewed the Colonial Pre
miers,* has promised' large - reductions in
rates, and his scheme is looked upon with
a great deal of favor. ,
When outfitting for. Cape Nome don't
f orgret that a fur blanket Is an absolute
necessity. ~H. t-iebes ' & Co. . 133-137 . Post
street, v carry : a - full ¦* line at lower ; prices
than you would have; to pay for similar
goods elsewhere. ._ _ ... . •
CHURCH ORGAN
AND FURNITURE
CARRIED AWAY
Bold and Successful Raid
of Two Washington
Thieves.
SPOKANE, "Wash.. March 23.— When the
sexton of the Norwegian Lutheran Church
went to prepare for the evening prayer
meeting this afternoon he found the room
barren of all furniture save the .* pulpit.
The chairs, pews, organ and even the
hymnbooks had disappeared. An Investi
gation led to a discovery of the missing
property in a second-hand store.
The dealer claims that two well-dressed,
dignified appearing, elderly men came to
his store a few days ago and told him that
the church was in financial distress and
needed to raise money quickly ¦ to pay
taxes. They preferred -to sell the furni
ture rather than borrow. A bargain was
struck for all the seats and the organ for
$50. and the hymnbooks were i put 'ir. 'to
sweeten the trade. The! key was. given
the tradesman ?nd he removed the;furni
ture In the' afternoon, unmolested, al
though the -church- Is in the -heart of a
thickly populated portion of the city.; ..
The property was taken back to the
church amid the loud protests;/ of : the
pawnshop keeper, who claimed he had Ift
the money go out of pure ' charity. • The
swindlers have not been apprehended and
the police can gather no clew from the de
scription furnished. ¦ .¦ - . ¦ . , .
Between 7:30 and 11 o'clock this moniln?
a bold thief entered the barroom of the
Park Hotel, Barker & Daniels, proprie
tors, extracted from a safe a sack con
taining $264 45 and made his escape with
out being heard or seen and without at
tracting the attention of several men en
gaged, in a game of cards In an adjolninar
room, not twenty feet from the safe The
robber evidently, knew the combination of
the safe, as he turned the dial back to
the proper place for throwing the bolts
before opening the door. The theft \va3
committed while Adolph Peters, the.bar
tender, was getting bottled goods from the
cellar. | .- ¦ : ¦ .
American Sailors Praised.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C. , March 23. — The
marine board of inquiry which met sat
Sydney the day before the steamer War
rimoo sailed for Vancouver specially! com
mended the captain; and -crew? of ; ene
United States man-of-war Culgoa for con
spicuous bravery In '< saving passengers
from the wrecked steamer Alrlie,- which
went, on . the rocks on - Chatham reef on
February 21.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...FOR...
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
FROM BAK FRANCISCO 8. 8. *TORTLANTy*.. ApriI «. IJW
FROM SEATTLE — 8. B. "DORA" April JO. 1*»
. .OM SAN FRANCISCO 8. a "RAINIEa".. May Ift, _Wt
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM. SAN FRANCISCO B. 8. "ST. PAUL." May Kt*
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Eiery Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SEATTLE 8. S. "BERTHA." comm«D.
AKD MONTHLY THEREAFTER.
- For n«w fotdera. nni and fnrtlwr partlcul an _• to freight and p_ra__». apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANT, 110 Sansom* street. San Fi-ndseo. CaL
For Baattla sailings apply to CAPT. JAS. CARROLL. Mutual X_f» BuUdinr. Seattte.Waa_,
ONE of the most Important cap
tures of a ; crook to the credit of
the ; Police Department was made
yesterday afternoon by Detectives
Ryan and ODea ,of the south
ern district, ¦; who were , specially . compli
mented by Chief Sullivan on their suc
cess. The prisoner is Robert Collins, alias
J. C. Collins, alias *W. Sweeney, alias
Henry Whittlng, alias W. Smith. He is
only 24 or 26 years of age, and began his
criminal career in 189 L He has been ar
rested several times for petty larceny and
burglary and now he is accused of being
a bank sneak thief. v" •
Collins is a native son and his uncle is
a section boss in the service of the Mar
ket-street Railroad Company. In ISSI he
was arrested once for petty | larceny and
once for burglary, and was sent to the
Whlttier School. January 3, 1594, he^y.as
arrested for petty larceny and got thirty
days in jail. A few. weeks later he was
arrested by Detective Ryan on three
charges of burglary. Through his uncles
Influence the charges were withdrawn and
he was sent away on a deep-water vessel.
He returned to the city and Was arrested
for i stealing some money ¦ from the sale
In the office of the City Front stables on
Clay street. Three years ago this month,
while in- the dock in Judge Low's court
awaiting his preliminary examination, he
tore away one of the wooden slats around
the dock and . squeezing himself through
the hole made his escape. ¦
He kept away from the city, but
returned about a: month ago and
it - is claimed i started operations by
robbing a saloon -on Third street.
' Then he^ looked after larger game,
and he and his partner are believed to
have stolen $400 about two weeks ago
from Ferdinand Smith, money broker. 316
Montgomery street. He and his partner
are supposed to have then made their
way to Seattle and stole between $3000 and
$4000 from the First National Bank there
last Monday. ' ' ¦ -¦- . .
Ryan and ODea learned of the fact
that Collins had been In Seattle and had
returned to the city with $2000 or $3000 in
his pockets. They notified Chief Sullivan,
and the Chief gave them carte blanche «i
effecting his capture. They engaged a
room at Third and Howard streets Thurs
day afternoon and remained there till
yesterday afternoon, when Collins made
his appearance. ¦ He fought desperately
with the two detectives, and as he is a
powerfully built young fellow , they had
all they could do to put the handcuffs on
him. When they reached the patrol box
at Third and Mission streets ODea, went
to the box to call the : patrol "Wujon
and Collins attacked Ryan viciously with
the handcuffs. » Ryan managed to throw
him down, and with O'Dea's assistance
held him pinned 'to the ground till I the
patrol wagon arrived/.
When searched at the. City Prison $340 85,
a diamond « ring, gold watch . and chain
and diamond locket, a ruby ring and wed
ding ring were found In nls pockets. - A
key was also found of a safe deposit box,
and an effort will be made to locate It, as
he • is ; supposed to have left his money
there.* Collins was put In the "tanks" and
the police in : Seattle have been notified
of his arrest.
T<ast night Collins was positively identi-.
fled as tne man who some '¦ time ago ' en
tered McCulllgan'B saloon at Tehama and
Third streets and stole $20 from the cash
drawer. • Dan .Toland, ¦: who : was present,
witnessed the; act, but did not Interfere,
as he was afraid that Collins would kill
him. Although Collins wore a mustache
at that time, Toland picked him out among
a dozen. other men at the Clty.Prlson last
evening.' -- ; "«KM^42gP^Bß*3*flBfcrfe«SEJßBSsglses
- Collins ¦ has also - been - identified as the
thief who stole a sack containing $400 from
Smith's j brokerage office at 321 Montgom
ery street several weeks ago. ,: : -, While leav
ing the j place with I the . sack of coin - Col
lins was seen by George Hodgklss, a Jani
tor in the Pacific' Stock. Exchange.' Hodg
kiss visited the City Prison ¦-. last* evening
and readily recognized the thief. v
- " Detectives : Ryan ; and ODea have ¦ gath
ered enough :. evidence against . Collins to
land '-him |in I the ¦ penitentiary for the | rest
of his natural ; life. » Prior •to his escape
from the dock In the Police Court Collins
broke into a steamship office at the foot
of Jackson street and abstracted $40 from
the safe, which had been left open. A few
days later he entered the office of the Sau
salito ferry and sfole $170 and a bunch of
tickets. He Is also accused of breaking
into a cigar store at East and Market
streets and getting away with a small sum
of money from the till. , .
A short time afterward he entered the
office of the Stockton steamers in broad
daylight and going to the safe, proceeded
to get away with the cash drawer. One
of the clerka detected him in the. act and
grabbing the box, lustily shouted for the
police. Collins, after threatening to blow
his head off if he did not desist, coolly
helped himself to a ten-dollar bill and
left the place. Subsequently he robbed
the office of the.Tlburon ferry of $20 and
a number of postage stamps. Collins is
also accused of visiting the commission
house of J. Everdinsr & Co.. at 48 Clay
street, and stealing $38 from the safe dur
ing the temporary absence of the cashier.
On the same afternoon he went to a sa
loon.kept,by a man named Morsehead, at
22 Clay street. • and robbed the •. safe •of
about $70 In gold. * The money was in a
secret ¦ drawer, - but > Collins had no diffi
culty ;in finding ; it,', and forcing It r open
with a jimmy." „
Sergeant Ellis finally landed him and
charged him with burglary in connection
'with the raid on Morsehead's saloon. It
was while awaiting examination in ex-
Judge Low's court that he made the sen
sational escape from the prisoners' dock.
GATHERING OF RAILWAY
MEN AT KANSAS CITY
Secret Conference Bevives the Rumor
cf a Consolidation of West
ern Lines,
KANSAS CITT. March 23.— The recent
rumors of a big railroad consolidation in
volving the Union Pacific, the Chicago and
Alton, the Illinois Central and the Kan
sas City Southern, the latter road being
the reorganized Kansas City, Pittsburg
and Gulf, were revived here to-day, when
it became known that high officials of all
these lines were holding a secret confer
ence In Kansas City.
Among those participating In the con
ference were S. H. Felton, president of
the Chicag-o and Alton: Horace G. Burt.
president of the Union Pacific; E. H. Har
riman, president of the Oregon Short Line
and a director in the Union Pacific, the
Chicago and Alton and the Illinois Cen
tral and one of the controlling spirits in
the management of the Kansas City
Southern. ,
Added interest was given to the eonfer
t-ivce by the fact that Messrs. Harriman
and Fenton came to the meeting by ap
pointment directly after makinc a care
ful inspection of the Kansas City South
ern line*. The stories of a pending con
eollflation are denied, but among railroad
men not directly Interested the probabil
ity of such a combine is much discussed.
Especial stress is laid upon the fact that
the same capitalists are largely interest
ed in all the properties and that the
Vnion Pacific and the Chicago and Alton
are already working under very close
? raffle relations
Robert Collins, a Clever Crook.
SANTA ROSA, March 23.-The start
ling allegations contained in the
petition of Robert D. Lodge, who
yesterday began contest proceedings
against the estate of the late John
D. Lodge, the well-known local capitalist,
who died here last October leaving prop
erty valued at a quarter of a million dol
lars. Is the talk of Sonoma County.
Everywhere people are discussing the
matter.
The parties principally affected are all
well known here. Mrs. Mathilda A.
Prince, the principal "heir according to the
provisions of the last will and testament
of the aged money-lender, is his daughter
and the wife of M. Prince, one of the
best-known merchants in Santa Rosa.
Berton Prince, another heir, is teller ,n
the savings bank of Santa Rosa, having
secured his position something over a
year ago through the influence of Mr.
Lodge, who held considerable stock in
that institution. David E. Lodge *is a
brother of Mrs. Prince and is also well
known here. , v' V ...
The most startling feature of the alle
gations made by the contestant is the
effect they will have on the heirs
named in the will, providing, of course,
that the charges are substantiated when
the matter comes to trial. In brief, the
situation is this: Sarah Jane Harris,
Mrs Prince and David E. Lodge are all
children of the dead capitalist and Mar
tha Lodge, the lady always recognized
here as his wife. The contestant claims
that J. D. Lodge and Martha Lodge were
never married, and that at the time they
claim to have been united in wedlock
Mary Ann Redman Lodge, the rightful
and "lawfully wedded wife Lodge married
in England in 1546. and afterward desert
ed to come to America, was still living,
and though she was never divorced lived
in Wakefleld until her death, on Septem
ber 7. 1892.
Documentary Evidence.
It was learned to-day that R. W. &>
J. K. Miller, the attorneys for the con
testant, claim to have some very strong
documentary evidence as to the correct
ness of their position. They have, or
claim to have, the original marriage cer
tificate issued to John D. Lodge and Mary
Ann Redman by the vicar of the parish
church in Wakefield. county of York,
England. This is dated February 23,
1546. They also have a's exhibit No. 2 a
certificate of birth and also one of bap
tism of Robert D. Lodge, the contestant,
the certificate of baptism bearing date of
January 20, 1550. They also hold a docu
ment purporting to be the deposition of
Jane Blades, a sister of the deceased cap
italist, who still lives in Wakefield, and
who, it is understood, alleges that she
was present at the wedding of her broth
er and Mary Ann Redman on February
23 1546, that she was present at the chris
tening on January 20. ISSO, that she has
known Robert D. Lodge, the contestant,
all his life and that she knows him to be
the sole heir and rightful legatee of her
deceased brother.
Petition in Court. |
In the Superior Court here this morning
the petition filed yesterday came up for
hearing and an order was issued directing
John P. Overton, president of the savings
bank of this city and the present adminis
trator of the Lodge estate, to appear on
April 9 and show cause why his letters
testamentary should not. in conformity
with the prayer of the petitioner, be re
voked, and Edwin Reynolds, the adminis
trator asked for by the contestant, be sub
stituted in his place. '
It is admitted that one of the biggest
legal battles in the history . of Sonoma
County is soon to begin in connection with
the matter. All the parties concerned are
prominent, socially, financially and other
wise; there Is a big fortune at stake and
what Is of still more Importance, it will
be a battle for a name and the rlg-bt to
use it .
The story of the Lodge estate as so far
told presents a striking: illustration of
the old adage concerning the frequency
with which the best laid plans miscarry.
During his lifetime Mr. Lodge always said
that none of his fortune would ever be
dissipated in the courts. With that idea
in view, being then in feeble health and
bowed down by the weight of advancing
years." he deeded something like $90,000
worth of hl»- property to his wife in a
lump. Although in good health at the
time, a few weeks later she suddenly took
sick and died, and the old man was forced
to Invoke the assistance of the. law and
the courts to get this portion of his prop
erty back again.
Estate in. a Tangle.
While these proceedings were still pend
ing Lodge himself died and several other
attorneys were called in to help straighten
out the tangle in which this left matters.
A few weeks ago David E. Lodge accept
ed $20,000 in cash from the other heirs as
his share of the estate and entered Into
an agreement to waive all future claim
upon the estate In. consideration thereof.
Less than a week afterward Mrs. David
Lodge, his wife, who resides in Montana,
broupht suit against her husband for
maintenance and demanded that the
agreement referred to be set aside by
the courts. That was less than a month
ago. and now the present suit has been
commenced as a climax to the whole
series of contests.
The big estate over which so much liti
gation has resulted was accumulated prin
cipally in this county. In the pioneer days
old man Lodsre was engaged in the junk
business, and also In merchandising: in
Petaluma. For several years he was a
peddler. He was also a sewing-machine
a^ent and brought the first sewing ma
chines—the old "Florence"— into Sonoma
County, disposing of them In all sorts of
£ laces at prices ranging from $200 to $275.
>urinp his latter years he confined his
attention to loaning money, collecting
rents, clipping: coupons and receiving divi
dends from different institutions in which
he was interested.
Partnership With Reynolds.
In his business of lending money he was
during the last few years of his life in
timately associated with Edwin Reynolds,
the local capitalist, whom the contestant
now- asks to have appointed in * place of
John P. Overton as administrator of the
Lodge estate. Lodge and Reynolds han
dled most of/ their transactions together
and were very intimate. The fact that
Mr. Reynolds should have . allowed his
name to be used in -the case is regarded
by many, in view of the close relations
which for so long existed between the two
men, as very significant. It . Is argued
that unless Mr. Reynolds knew what he
was doing he would never have allowed
himself to become a party to the action,
and the point Is made that during the
years of his intimate acquaintance with
his now deceased friend he had every op
portunity to learn, if anybody ever did.
the story of Mr. Lodge's early life across
the water before coming to America in
quest -of fortune.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Congressman Kahn Offers an Amend
ment Preventing Chinese Now
in Hawaii Coming Here. '¦"..'¦¦'¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— Through the
efforts of Representative Kahn an amend
ment will be proposed to the Hawaiian
bill by the terms of which* the entrance of
Chinese from Hawaii to the United States
will be prohibited. Under the bill as
passed In the Senate and reported to the
House there is a section which provides
for the registration of Chinese now resid
ing in ¦' the Sandwich Islands under the
regulations of the so-called exclusion act.
There Is no provision, however, ' for the
exclusion of Chinese In Hawaii from Cali
fornia and other States and the Terri
tories of the Union. Mr. Kahn brought
the matter to the attention of Chairman
Knox of the Committee on Territories,
who has consented that the bill shall be
amended as proposed.
Senator Shoup of Idaho to-day pre
sented a resolution adopted by the Na
tional Livestock Association for the ad
mission of Arizona and New ; Mexico as
States. ¦ - '¦ ¦"-.-' •; ;"-'-.; "-'-. -¦- ¦'• '¦ ¦ ?-: .
William B. Sampson has been commis
sioned Postmaster at • Skaguay, /Alaska,
and Frank B. Wright at Jersey, Cal.
Postmasters appointed: California-^Al
bert Walker, Fairview, * Orange County,
vice Joseph S. Collings, resigned; William
Ockenden, Pollasky, Fresno County, vice
M. A. Morrlssey, resigned. The following
postoffices will become international
money order offices on' April 2: Califor
nia—Kandsburg, San Dimas, Slsson. Su
sanvllle. Alaska— Circle, Eagle. St. Mich
ael, Sltka.
Richard Lewis of Juneau, Alaska, was
to-day admitted to practice before the
United States Supreme Court.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Eugene Bacon,
Los Angeles, $6; Charles Henry Gwinn,
San Francisco, $6; William "G. Curry,
Eureka, $6; Francis Noon, Veterans
Home, Napa, ' $12. ¦ Increase— Samuel
Rhoads, Healdsburer. $6 to $10. ; ¦ -- r
'¦ Oregon: Original— Charles F.'Chattin,
Elgin. JG: John W. Mills, Phoenix, $6. In
crease—George W. Lockerby, - Garfleld, $6
to $10. " - -¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦'-•,¦ ¦••.¦¦. ¦¦¦' ¦-: i:
Washington: Renewal — Francis M. Car
man, Seattle, $6. Increase— lsaac ,W.
Woods, Shelton, $6 to $12; Robert Grove,
Wildwood, $6 to $8. = •, -
MEXICANS ARE WAITING
FOR REINFORCEMENTS
When They Arrive It Is Probable
That a Decisive Battle With
Yaquis Will Take Place, ov^
ST. LOUIS. March 23.— A special to the
Globe Democrat from El Paso, Texas,
says: Filomeno Saurez, a prominent
ranchman of Sonora, Mexico, is In ; El
Paso.' He brought news of an engage
ment between the Indians and Mexican
troops ! that : occurred last Monday. The
Indians have strong fortifications -in the
Bacatete Mountains and the Mexican
troops are ; encamped ' a few miles ! distant
in the valley. '.Last Monday at daybreak
the Indians made a sortie. "They drove In
the I Mexican : outposts and threatened to
attack in force, but after brisk firing that
lasted for two hours the Indians with
drew. * ; -•.'••¦¦• " •¦¦.-.:-.•-¦'/ -;.¦ ;. . ¦•:'..-
During 1 the progress of the engagement
the Mexicans swept the Yaqui position
with their, rapid-fire guns, v The loss, on
either side was Insignificant.
Saurez is the owner of. the Las Nutras
ranch; which is but forty miles from the
Yaqul stronghold. He says that the Mex
icans have accomplished absolutely noth
ing and are making no effort to advance
and that they will await the reinforce
ments recently asked for by General Tor
res. "When the 4000 fresh troops arrive It
is probable that* a decisive battle will take
place in the mountains. The reinforce
ments are expected within sixty days. :'.
At present the Indians are making raids
into the valley almost every;, day.. They
drive off cattle and commit other depre
dations. .The end -of the war is a long
way; off unless troops are sent- to Sonora
to crush the rebels and - more agsrressive
tactics are employed by General Torres.
LODGE'S SUIT STIRS
SONOMA SOCIETY
The Contestant Claims to Haye
Strong Documentary
JL— 4 V J.L4.C A A^^\?»
Fact That Reynolds, the Deceased's Former
Partner, Is Interested in the Case, Regarded
by Many as Particularly Significant.
• ¦ - ¦ .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COMMISSION
HEARS SHIPPERS'
COMPLAINTS
Merchants of San Bernar
dino Say They Are
Overcharged.
Rates From St. Loui3 to Los Angeles
Are Lower, Although San Ber
nardino Is Nearer the
Eastern City.
¦
Special Dispatch to The Can.
¦ — — - .-: :; .¦¦—"¦¦
SAN BERNARDINO. March 23.— The In
terstate Commerce Commission com
menced its session this morning to hear
the case of A. W. Holdzkom on arbitrary
rates discriminating against local mer
chants in favor of Los Ansreles jobbers.
In this San Bernardino i 3 assisted by St.
Louis jobbers to secure a share of the
trade from this section. The members
comprising the court were J. C. Clements.
J. D. Yeomans and J. W. FUer. who
opened court in Department 2 of the Su
perior Court. Attorney E. E. Katz ap
peared for the plaintiff. W. A. Harris of
Los Angeles appeared for Santa Ana to
assist, and C. N. Sterry appeared for the
Santa Fe road, the Southern Pacific being
a silent witness of the proceedings.
Sterry objected to the taking of testi
mony because the same question had been
decided in . ISS9, when the commission in
session at Washington heard the case
from San Bernardino and gave a decision
in favor of the plaintiff, but was over
ruled by Judge Ross of the Los Aneelea
branch of the United States Circuit Court.
Sterry claimed tins was a similar case
and it had been decided. Katz pointed
out that rates were different and condi
tions different than when the first com
plaint was brought. The rates are on a
different basis and the town now la more
entitled to be called a competitive point
than at that time. I He denied the state
ment of Sterry that water carriers only
are competitive, claiming that two roads
are competitive. The commission took the
same view of the matter and ordered the
taking of testimony.
The point claimed by San Bernardino
merchants that through rates from the
East are charged to Los Angeles and then
arbitrary back again was proved by wit
nesses, even when carload lots were sent
through and back, of wagons, hardware
and other goods. But for this San Bernar
dino would become a jobbing point for a
large circle of territory. Ontario was In
stanced. It is miles from here but forty
from Los Angeles, but the rate from the
latter place Is much. less than from here.
In this manner San Bernardino Jobbers
are discriminated against, although bet
ter located than Los Angeles for a distrib
uting point, being also on two comoetinx
roads. A strong point was made for the
shippers from here when Los Angeles
claimed to have sea competition, making
a lower rate necessary. It was proven
that goods shipped by water to Los Ange
les were landed twenty to thirty miles
away at San Pedro or other points and
reshlpped by rail to Los Angeles, making
these points the real terminal and not Los
Angeles, yet these points . paid arbitrary
rates to Los Angeles the same as San
Bernardino. . . , . ,
General Freight Agent Chambers was
placed on the stand to explain why the
same rates prevailed on both. the South
ern Pacific and the Santa Fe roads. He
stood off the counsel and failed to ex
plain. W. A. Bissell, traffic manager of
the lines west of Albuquerque, was pres
ent to help out. The hearing occupied the
entire day and closed to be taken up again
at Los ' Angeles Monday next.
The Commissioners have their families
with them in special cars, accompanied
by M. S. Decker, assistant secretary, and
¦two stenographers and families, making
quite a Junketing party. They will be
taken around .the valley to-morrow and
leave this afternoon for Los Angeles. The
Commissioners say they have no power to
enforce a decision, even if in favor of San
Bernardino, until Congress acts and gives
them power. While the testimony was
taken by three Commissioners the whole
board of five will act upon it. It may
take months to reach a decision, as the
testimony must be transcribed and the at
torneys 'will file arguments in the case.
THE SAN FBAyGISCQ CALL, SATUBPAT, MARCH 24, 1900.
THREE BRITISH
SAILORS EATEN
BY CANNIBALS
Fourth Member of the Party
Escapes Badly In
jured.
Had Gone Ashore in Dutch. New
Guinea to Take Photographs
and Were^ Surrounded
and Captured.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VANCOUVER, B. C. March 23.-The
steamer Warrimoo. which arrived this
afternoon from Australian ports, brought
news of a horrible tragedy which took
place among the cannibal natives %of
Lmtch New Guinea. .
Three ofiicers of the thousand-ton Brit
ish trading steamer General Pel were
captured by the natives, submitted to
frightful tortures and finally eaten. The
chief officer. Ernest Wiegand, was the
fourth in the party, who landed from the
steamer to take photographic views. He
managed to get away, although he was
cut and wounded by a flight of arrows
that were tent after him as he made his
escape.
Wlegand's story was that they had
taken several photographs and bad pro
ceeded half a mile inland to get a picture
ul the steamer lying in the harbor. There
they were suddenly surrounded by na
tives from a village several miles in the
interior. They were hustled away by a
large party of natives armed with spears
ana in an hour arrived at the outskirts of
the village. There they were undressed
and tied to a stake one at a time, while
the natives danced around and pricked
them with spears.
Two of the officers had been submitted
to this ordeal, and Wiegand supposes his
turn and that of the remaining junior offi
cer would have come next day. He heard
two men being taken away, and in the
evening the bones of their hands, which
had been cut off, were thrown down in
front of him. He -declares the men were
cooked and eaten. He was separated
from his companion during the night and
thinks he shared the same fate. In the
morning Wiegand made his escape, and,
though wounded by arrows, was able to
come up with the relief party sent out
from the ship. The Dutch warship ¦ Su
matra, has been ordered to punish the na
tives. • - . i
I 1I 11 -* 1 ¦ Amalqafnafor : ¦
I GOLD sre*<nMn 5t I
Nature's Remedy for
Hnnyadi JAnos
; / THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATEIJ. ...]
i Insist on Raving the Genuine. !
\ v, • ¦ ]'-i
ADVKRTISEMUNTS.
3
CLAIMANTS OF A RICH ESTATE.
ROBERT D. LODGE of Wakefleld. county of York, England, contesting
the estate of the late capitalist John D. Lodge, who he claims was his father.
Albert Lodge of Wakefleld, England, the son of Robert D. Lodge, who
claims to be the grandson of the late capitalist.Time— W. :26H; H. :51: K. -1:16; mIU. 1:42. «Oood start. Won easily. -. second and third drir
ln». Winner. M. J. Smltfi's eh. c, by Imp. Pirate of P«n»ance-Ray W. Espionage was best"
eh» rame from away back. Racivan stopped. Wyomln*. away badly, ran a nice . ~et
. Scratch»d-Mamle O 107. < Einstein 10t.' Sardonjo : 107. Flamero 108. Bnlpi 110. Henry C^U2
Senora Caesar 102. . • . . ' *.- ..."
Tj^.W.s KB
j How any man may quickly cure himself
after years of suffering from sexual weak-
ness.- lost \ vitality, 1 nightly? losses;; varico-
cele. etc.", and enlarge small I weak organs |
to, full size, and vlgor> Simply send" your,
name and address to [ . Dr. aL. ,W."- Knapp,"
1373 Hull Bldg, Detroit., Mich.; and he will
gladly i send the . free . receipt with 'full' di-
rections so that any man may easily cure
himself at home. This 1« certainly a most
generous offer ..and the following extracts,
taken from his daily mail show what men
think of his generosity: r ¦.: " ; •,- --J v; ::* -;;
i-i "Dear ' Sir: % Please .: accept •my sincere
thanks - for; yours ; of >' recent : date. > I ' have
given your treatment a thorough test and
tha benefit has t been 1 extraordinary. Ik
rAPP, M.D.. -,; . I--. '
has completely, braced me uo. ;- 1 am Just
as vigorous as 'when «. boy and I you I can-
not realize how happy I am." "¦> ¦ ,
;• "Dear Sir: '-Your, method worked beau-
tifully.- Results were exactly what I need-
ed. • . Strength and vigor have » completely
returned and enlargement lis entirely - sat-
isfactory."i • '"« .i'»: . . .
-•'.'Dear. Sir:? Yoursiwas i received and I
had ' no trouble in | making use . of the re-
ceipt as i directed i and ; can • truthfully • say
it : is as boon 1 to . weak men. x 1 am • greatly
improved in size.- strength and vigor."
• <•¦ All ? correspondence *is strictly - confiden-
tial, mailed in plain sealed envelope. The
receipt its I free sj for^ the I askln j, 1 and he
wants every man to hava It. ¦. ••-
tt Almost ready to blow up
£ Shag Rock! A description of
the preparatory work alone is
~* highly interesting, but doubly I
0 so when told by a young
woman " who went down in a
8 "diving suit in the • dangerous
& waters of the bay that rush
O around the base of the rock,
0 and made a personal inspec-
O tion of the operations. See the
33 front page of. next Sunday's
3 CalL .
California limited
7 Santa Fe Route
PARKER DEFEATS DALY.
Denver Pugilist Scores a Knock-Out
in the Second Round.
DENVER, March 23.— Kid Parker of
Denver knocked out Wilmington Jack
Daly In the second round of what was to
have been a ten-round go before the Colo
rado Athletic Association to-night. George
Slier of Chicago refereed the bout. Three
thousand persons witnessed It. The bet
ting at the ringside was 10 to 6 In favor
of the Kid, and a large amount of money
was offered at these odds. A considerable
amount changed hands.
The first round was tame. In the ' sec
ond Daly opened with a stiff left Jab -to
RAILROAD TRAVEI* • - \
GALIFORNM NORTHVESTERN fiY. m
1 UH3SSE3B3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFM
RAILWAY COMPANY. "
Tlburon Ferry, poet of Market st>>
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. »:00. 11:00 a. m.: U:Zi.
1:30 6:10, 6:30 p.-; m. . Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 ¦d. m. Saturday*— Extra, trips at l:st
and 11:30 p.m. - -. ¦• ... .».:•
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; I^o, 8:30.
1:00, 6:JO p. m. . . :-.-«:'.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50, »:»,. 11:10 a. m.: IJ:4S,
1:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m. . . '
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 s_ m.; 1:40. 3:49. 5:05.
6:25 D. m
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
some schedule as above. ¦
Said He Was Robbed.
g Some nights | ago Frank . Martin, who |is
regarded by the pblicVas a' bad character,
insulted a man- named John Cotter on
East street. Cotter resented the insult
and; gave Martin a severe beating. Last
evening Martin claimed that during the
difficulty he had been : robbed of $SO, and
charged Cotter with the crime. The lat
ter was arrested and charged with rob
bery at the Harbor Police Station.
Three Houses Burned
¦ : A.-flre at ; 12:20. yesterday morning, de
stroyed the two-story frame building No.
217 Twenty-seventh" street, occupied as; a
French 'laundry' and dwelling by Isadore
Jaussand.'.r The' flames also damaged to
seme extent the. one-story cottage at 219
Twenty-seventh street.. occupied by Chris
Grosdemayer,'. and ' the I frame , dwelling at
215 Twenty-seventh street, owned by A.
P. C. Cooper and occupied " by C. SJ Lln
denboon and A.' P. C. Cooper. Thetotal
loss Is estimated at $3000. .-. • ; ? " .
GANS BLINDED BY
A PUNCH FROM ERNE
Hard Blow Starts theGQlofed Letd's
•Left Optic From Its Socket. r
Referee White Stops the Fight ',in the Twelfth
IX Round and Awards Decision to the
':~'t>-:: Buffalo Boy.
NEW YORK, March 23.— Frank Erne of
Buffalo successfully defended his title of
lightweight champion of the world
against Joe Gans (colored) of Baltimore
before the Broadway Athletic Club to
night. Erne did moet of the heavy fight-
Ing, displaying greater judgment and
more skill than his opponent. Gans re
ceived his punishment gamely until the
twelfth round., when his left eye was
started from Its socket by a terrific right
hand swing from the Buffalo boy. Gans
was helpless and there was no alternative
for the referee but to award the decision
to Erne." . :.:V -."
The contest drew" an ¦ enormous crowd
to the Broadway Athletic Club. There
were many «bo wagered large sums- of
money that Gans would carry away the
championship. . There was bo much Balti
more money in . sight that Gans was
made a favorite at 100 to 90 a week ago,
and to-night the confidence of the.Mary
land people was so well established that
they Det on their man at odds of 100 to
70. There was a strong money-laden
contingent from Buffalo at the ringside,
and every man of the party bet heavily
on the little lad from their city, taking
every bet offered by the Marylanders. One
hunaerd to seventy on Gans was the
price offered, and the Buffalo people
snapped this up so quickly that the price
rose to 100 to feO. . -• '
Erne's seconds were Frank Zimpfer,
Joe Fitzpatrick and George Salter. Gans
was accompanied by Al rterford. Harry
Lyons and Caleb Bond. Before the men
were introduced it was announced that
George McFadden of this city would
challenge the winner. The men agreed
to have a return match, no matter which
won. Straight Queensberry rules gov
erned. ¦ ' ' ...... •
Erne Forces the Fighting.
Erne began rushing in the- opening
round, forcing Oans into his corner, but
was unable to land a telling blow. In the
second, third and fourth rounds Erne con
tinued to force the fighting, repeatedly
driving the negro to his corner; but Gans
blocked cleveny and avoided heavy pun
ishment. - .
The tirst hard blow was landed In the
fifth round, when Gans put a light left to
the face and Erne returned a jolting left
straight on the face.
In the sixth round, after Gans had been
forced to break ground, he stopped sud
denly and swung his left to Erne's right
eye. cutting It. Gans then went in, send
ing right and left swings to the head, and
Erne surprised everybody by replying
with similar blows. Erne continued to
slam both hands on the negro, reaching
tht latter's head half a dozen times,
stopping Gans' rushing and forcing the
negro to back away. Erne was bleeding
from the mouth and no#e at the bell.
At the beginning of the seventh round
Erne rushea and staggered Gans with a
right swing on the head and then stepped
in and shot his right up to Gans' chin.
Erne sent a hard left to the body, and
Gans planted a good right on the head.
Gans swung his left to the jaw and Erne
staggered but quickly recovered and
rushed back with left and right to the
body. The bell found them sparring, with
Gans on the defensive.
Erne jumped right to his man In the
eighth. He put a straight left to the face
and hooked It again to the ear. Gans
failed to counter, and Erne reached the
body and head with a left, forcing Gans to
break ground. Gans stepped In after fall
ing short with the left and uppercut Erne
on the face with his right.
Erne rushed again in the ninth, sending
his right over to the head. Gans landed
right and left on the head. This started
Erne, and both men let their arms go like
windmills. Erne having decidedly the bet
ter, of the mlxup. Erne hooked three lefts
to the ear, and Gans reached the body
with the left lightly. Erne had all the
better of this round.
Gans Loses His Speed.
Erne tried for the head in the tenth
and Gans slipped and almost went through
the ropes. Erne stepped in. sending a hard
left to the stomach, and Gans failed to re
ply. Gans then swung a left to the head
and Erne countered. Erne rushed his
man across the ring and planted a heavy
left to the wind. Then he sent a straight
left to the face and swung his right to the
face, but too high for a knockout at close
quarters. Gans planted a left on Brne's
body. . •'
Erne opened the eleventh with a right
hook on the head, Gans countering on the
ribs. Gans landed a light right on the ear.
Erne attempted right and left swings for
the head, but missed, and Gans sent right
and left to the body. Erne- Jumped in with
FRANK ERNE.
left to the body and right to Jaw. Erne
then came like a whirlwind, • starting
Gans with a left swing on the jaw, and
both went at It hammer, and tongs until
the bell, separated them, with-Erne'hav
ing all the better of it.
Erne opened the twelfth with, a ,*. left
smash on the eye and followed .with one
on -the .other optic. Then he smashed his
right to the stomach . and Gans started
toward. Frank's corner, staggering blind
ly. He dropped his hands to his side and
Referee White, seeing that the negro was
in distress, caught hold of Gans, 'who
said: "I'm blind; I can't seo any more."
White threw ud both hands and told
Erne ¦to go to his • corner. He then led
the colored man to his corner, and for the
first time saw that Gans' left eye was out
of its socket. ..'.-. ¦•* .. -' ; ' . .:
"Erne-;wlns," shouted- White. ¦•; as ,Dr.
Creamer f Jumped into, the ¦ ring 'and '•<¦ re
placed the fnjiired optlc^ ¦.
"My right dldthe trick,", said .Erne ai
he left the rlnr. and the Buffalo; crowd
carried him to his dressing-room.
CHAMPION JIM
JEFFRIES DROPS
IN FOR A VISIT
Has Much of Interest to Say
About Himself and His
Movements.-
The Big Fellow. Is 'in Btidc- Health
and Looks Forward iWith Pleas
ure to His Important Ring
Engagements. •' r - ' ¦" •{• X- ?
:..:ii is too mie in tne aay.ror .Tom
O'Rourke, to accuse 'Sharkey, of 'being ;a
moral coward After all the lighting he has
done,',' ?is .' the ; magnanimous . mariner ;In
which , Champion " "Jim" Jeffries. comes to
the defense : of- his old opponent. \ The
press : dispatches . tell of ¦ the ; disagreement
of * the : burly sailor and - his , manager, in*'
which' there are charges ,and counter
charges.' "Jeffries refused to go further
into the matter, except to say, that when
boxers and their ; managers part company
hard things are often said on each side.'
The. champion 1 arrived here from" Los
Angeles yesterday, looking the picture of
a rugged, healthy athlete. : His appear
ance pets at rest all talk about his decline
in physical: condition. In explanation of
how. the reports of his 111 health started
he told of suffering from ringworm on his
face and chest- before the Sharkey fight.
Acting upon .-the advice of. an •acquaint
ance, he applied copper cents -soaked in
vinegar • to- the; affected places. <A mild
attack of blood-poisoning ¦ resulted, which '
gave rise to the stories of his having seen
his best days In the ring. y • a " '
"I am In. better condition now. than at
any time. In 1 my, life," he > said in" reply to
questions. * "I have .been enjoying myself
at Catalina Island and ; have- taken suf
ficient'exercise to keep my. muscles In
condition.. I .weigh * about • two' hundred
and ;.twenty-flve pounds. I have reduced
the size of my. legs by exercise and have
Increased the muscles from' my waist up."
-It is evident Jeffries shares the general
distrust as to the good faith of his pros
pective match with .Corbett. He volun
teered the statement that he would rather
meet Sharkey again,' as It would be more
Erofitable. 'Hesald he would rather meet
harkey than any other heavyweight, as
he knew Sharkey could not whip him and
some of the ;• other heavyweights might
"'cop' him off," as- ha expressed it. : He
explained that Sharkey is not as strong
on his feefas-'Fltzslmmons, or-at least
could not .use his strength to such good
advantage as the Cornlshman. Regard-
Ing his. fight with 'the sailor he said his
poor showing was caused by a 1a 1 dislocation
of hU left arm * sustained ' in" training
shortly before the • bout. : He thought It
had healed fairly well, but the first time
he let it go at Sharkey It went wrong
and -he was deprived of > Its -services. It
was = useless for purposes, of guarding or
In protecting"hlmself when breaking away
from clinches. "Sharkey * does • not want
any of my.game," says the' champion.
"He told my brother Jack I was too big
for him. I will' fight Fltzsimmons again,
but as champion I must -receive 60 per
cent of the prize money, win or lose.
These were the terms he dlctatedto me."
Of • the possibility of •'•¦ another, trip to
Paris he Is not so- sure. ••"This country
suits me,','.h« said, "and I am willing, to
spend the ' rest ! of . my days • here. I was
well treated In Paris. .big" crowds attend
ing, every /There were twice
as many women among the spectators as
there were. men. The fighting was easy.
My interpreter, •an American boy, told
me. that the French athlete always dined
heartily before entering ¦ the ¦ ring. The
bouts hardly ever lasted ar ound. I would
feint with my left for, the head and then
land heavily with my. right on the stom
ach. That usually ended the hostilities.
"Regarding the : reported: death -of the
Italian, Guidio.. fronua blow of' mine." I
do not think 'tnis 1 was possible," a» I did
not'put the gloves -on .''With any Italian.
T never killed - anybody . and I don't want
to," but If it's a case of my life or that of
some one else. I would, take: a chance."
Jeffries and his party 'will occupy a box
at the Alhambra to-night and will leave]
for the East to-morrow- night. They go ;
first to Kansas. City, where Jeffries has
an engagement. From there they go to
Chicago, where the big fellow | Is to meet
three men in one night. Two of ' these
are Jack McCormack and Ed Dunkorst
and Jeffries Intimated that they were a
sufficiently strong team to keep anybody
busy without the addition of a third un
known. After meeting aya v boxer named
Finnigan.for six -rounds at Detroit Jef- \
fries will settle down to. regular training
for Corbett. . ..
Tommy Ryan will continue to spar with
him in his training, but Billy L>elaney
will not; be among his handlers.
"Delaney. had a life position with me,"
said Jeffries, "but he acted badly and
our business relations , are at an end."
T2GMIGAGO
, .This Is the quickest rannlnjr «nd most •
luxurious train across the . continent.
Cojtnectino Traix Leaves Saw Fkancisco:
5 PJT." Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
I *rt»ntay/«rrlvln» in Chlca Z o at 2:15
Z£ ln s Ul sf to « on «Mct with all limited ' *
trains for New York.
OVERLAND; Leaves SanVkncisco '-at 5-30
: EXPRESS . PPr; rr m V wit^ Pa^ce and -Tourist
;daily; c*& gg t o f£'il£ tr ' suhom *>
Local ;. trains between Stockton." V A l l rv
a«ff' y ™}* Tnl^ : • > RoiD r
SEE^YOU INL Saa Francisco 'Office, 628
TRISCO SOON VM* r ket Street, Phone Main
OSO. FOURTH RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and uoward: purse, 8400.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
- Via Saasalito Ferrr.
Commencing October 1. 1399.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL YALLET
- EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San R*.
Irk:ol n and l il^%. WW m Klne " S<iyS "* **«****»•
Train* marked «•> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO. SAN FP.ANCI3CO.
WEEK - DAYS-*:25. »«J5. 7:45. iL Si
12:30. 2:15, -3:40, »3: 15 p. m? " ! «-*».»- m-l
EXTRA TRIPB on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m CTC *" •*«
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. - »^:0O. •10:00. *U-45 « m •
n:4O. •3:15. 4:45. »6:30 d. m. • -• -.- Bk|
-Trains marked <•) start from San Qu*n«n. '
FROM MILL V.vLLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-0:45. 6:48. *Vs» Sk« ITb/«
12:35, 2:35, 3:45. 5:20 cm. ¦ r ** m "
Ba E tSy A . l n^T^: £•*—•»¦ «*
i^^p.^ 8 : 06 ' WW.";M '."; m : : " :06 « «=^»^
•'•*¦. THROUGH TRAINS.
T:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
! : £ p - m - |«t u /<Jay»-Tomales and way stitlont
8:00 a: m. Snndays-Tomales and wa/ stit onl
J>7l>. THIRD RACE— MiIe and an eighth; selling; three-year-olds; purse.- $400.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
COAST HI VISION (nroa.HUt.irr).
(Third nmiTownaeinl SU) -
Send Name and Address To-day— You Can
Have It Free and Be Strong and
Vigorous for Life.
Leave ¦ . Arrlva ¦
- San Francisco.' In Effect Ban Francisco.
- ¦ October 15. 1 . -
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
' Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am ' Novato. . 19:40 am 8:49 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 ana
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 5:22 pn»
Fulton.
TdO am ' - Windsor, 10:25 aa
Healdsburr,
1 Lytton. " \
. Geyservllle,
1:90 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. "T:SS pm 6:2lpm
7:30 ami IHopland and I I '
I 8:00 am| Uklah. . | 7:35 pm[ 8:23 pm
7:30 am ' . -¦¦¦¦.¦ 10:J5 am
¦ . 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
1:80 pm . -.!-;. . 6:23 pea
7:10 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
and ¦ .
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Olen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 am|lo:2s am
8:30 pm| 6:00 pm| ' | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
« OAST DIVISION (XarroTf Uange).
• (Foot of Market Street.) . .
CURES WEAK
MEN
FREE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DISCARDED.
The Old Methods of Treating Piles
and Rectal Diseases Supplanted
by the Pyramid Pile Cure. fifK
The old methods of treating; piles by
ligature, by the knife or by the cruel
methods of dilatation, besides causing: In-
tense pain and frequently collapse and
death, are now known to be but mere
makeshifts as far as a cure is concerned.
The liver is responsible for nearly every
case of piles and the mistake has been
made of treating piles as a purely local
disease. Such is not the case, however,
and the success of the new treatment
known as the Pyramid Pile. Cure has
demonstrated It.
The Pyramid Pile Cure Is not a calve or
ointment, but a suppository which Is ap-
plied at night and absorbed into the »en-
FltU'e rectal membrane and acts both as
a local and a constitutional treatment,
and in cases of many years' standing this
treatment has been effectual.
Thousands of pile sufferers bear wit-
ness to the inestimable value of .the Py-
ramid, and even those who have under-
gone surgical operations without a- cure
hay« been happily surprised by results
from a few weeks* treatment with the
Pyramid.
The relief from pain is so immediate
that patients sometimes lmajrine that th©
Pyramid contains opiates or cocaine, be-
cause the relief is po Instantaneous, but
the Pyramid Pile Cure is guaranteed ab-
solutely free from any opiate or mineral
poison whatever.
The relief Js the result of the astrin-
gent propertle* of the remedy, which
causes the little tumors and congested
blood vessels to contract and a normal cir-
culation is established.
The Pyramid Pile Cure Is strictly scien-
tific, both In Its composition and In Its
therapeutic acUon. and the best feature
of It Js that It Is perfectly safe and harm-
less. No ill. effects ever result from Its
u?e. but only positive benefit.
A Fin^ular fact. In view of the lanre
number of patent medicines before the
public, is that the Pyramid Is the only
pile cure of national reputation. It Is the
only pile cure popular, enough- and meri-
torious enough to be found In every druir
store in the United States. It «ells at SO
cents a package.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Friedlander Thanked.
The mothers of the children participat
ing In the recent production of "The
Brownies' In "Fairyland"' desire to thank
S.H. Frledlander of the California The
ater * for his management of the : affair,
alsoyhls courteous treatment of the little
ones. The children themselves express
the highest- words of praise for the ac
commodations and comforts which were
extended to them while in the theater.
BATLBOAD TBAVEL.
wvnKBH mcitic e#»3ti»Ajnr.
(PACIFIC! »YST«X.)
Trsvlsn lta?« ami »r« «!¦•« !• r»rrl»w at
HAS rUAJ»C'I*«:O.
Qlaln Lir.e. Foot of Market Street)
Appleton Receiver Appointed.
Judge "W.-W. Morrow, -of. the United
States Circuit Court yesterday appointed
J. : Hampden Dougherty ancillary \ re
ceiver of D. Appleton & Co. In the juris
diction, of the court. The appointment Is
made necessary by the bringing of a suit
against , the famous - and now Insolvent
book. company. by .Daniel Pritchard, a New
York stockholder, to protect the Interests
of -the company; in the jurisdiction of the
Ninth, Circuit Court of the United States.
Bishop & Wheeler appeared 1 as attorneys
for\Danlel Prltchard;in the matter. ..; .-. '
• • I have given personal Inspection to theworklngr of M. I. S. T. on the human system, and
Unst Bay that it entirely meets with my professional sanction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical CotlereL
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
.- RHBUMATISM, no matter how loos; standing-* Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or isnlarped Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients hare been for Tears forced to use
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES. •-' -
All cases of Impoteucy that can be cured, and permanently restore youthful vlf or and
vitality. It it no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting. • Will cure any case of
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varicocele. Will remove ea-
tirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs. .- - ¦
In addition t<» the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxia, Spinal Tronble aod apparently incurable diseases of the serres. -
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of suff-
erer*. It is prescribed by leading- physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and
Bssf MM SB BJB absolutely safe. It never increases or diminishes the. action of the
I^JP ||_ heart. If yoa are snfferinp from any chronic disease yon are nrg'ed to
BB IK ¦¦ ¦¦ write to us, no matter how many doctors or kinds of medicines you
¦ ¦ ¦^¦^^ baTe f'e<l without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU.
.^^¦^^¦' That yon may judg-e of the valne of the Great Stxclfic for yourself,
we will send 70a one larg-e case by mall FREE, only askin? that
when cured yourself you will recommend it toothers. Write confidentially to onr medical
department, giving- symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for $3.
Address M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
INQUIRY INTO WRECK
OF CITY OF FLORENCE
Captain : - and Crew* Testify Before
Board of Inquiry That Disaster
; . ¦ ¦ "_ _'' Was: Unavoidable. • ' ¦ „
.'¦; An investigation - of the wreck cf the
British Bhip City of Florence at Halfmoon
Bay, with .a view to placing the'responsi
bility for the disaster,' was begun yester
day at :the .British ; consulate befort.";a
board, of Inquiry composed of Consul
Pickersgill, , F. ;.w. Harvey and Captain
T. C. Fuller of .the "British -ship. General
Roberts. '. -•-. :
¦':¦: AH*-the testimony was taken before tha
board. adjourned, yesterday. -The findings
will; be- announced 'Monday afternoon. It
Is understood that the verdict will be that
the wreck was pn unavoidable mishap and
that: Captain Stone 'will be exonerated
from. all blame. ' .: . •. , -¦ :
r Captain Stono stated that the misty con
dition of:the weather. In conjunction with
the lack of a 11-ght or a whistle '.at, Point
Pilar, was responsible fdr the wreck. Ths
first, indication of danger was < when the
vessel struck on ' the hidden reef. The of
ficers and crew of the ship corroborated
the statements of Captain Stone, and tes
tified that he had done everything possible
to save the, vessel.*- ; v. . .
JOE PIGGOTT
PILOTS THREE
WINNING HORSES
»
First on Carlonian, Lodestar
and Hard Knot at
Tanforan.
Another Good Day for the Books, as
Pour Favorites Were Slaugh
tered — The Lady Met
With Success.
?
It was Joe Piggotfs day to shine in the
saddle at Tanforan yesterday. The young
man landed first at the wire with Car
lonian, an outsider. Lodestar, a lukewarm
choice, and Hard Knot, while incidental
ly dropping in second astride Florabird.
Owing to a slight accident on Thursday
Henry was not seen in the saddle.
The talent again suffered severely, all
but two choices finishing back in the
i^ir.ch, with hard luck tales as the only
excuse for their showing.
The Baldwin pair of youngsters, Mal
donado and Oscar Tolle, . coupled, closed
favorite for the two-year-old scramble.
Most faith was reposed In the former, but
he again ran disappointingly. Piggott
rushed the 10 to 1 shot Carlonian away
in the lead, and the big fellow lasted long
enough to beat Oscar Tolle a length.
After a somewhat lengthened vacation
Ab Stemler started Lodestar in the slx
furlong run following, and got the money.
Backed from 6 to 4. the chestnut horse
caught True Blue at the paddock, win
ning out by less than a length.
Florablrd. ridden by Piggrott, gave The
Lady, a 7 to 10 chance, quite an argument
in the mile and a sixteenth run. Marty
Bergen piloted the favorite and was com
pelled to ride out to down the Shulte en
try. Prettorne took third place from Red
Cherry, the only other starter.
Why Arbaces on the strength of his re
cent showing was made favorite for the
mile was a mysury, still Stcmler's horse
closed an even money choice. Hard Knot,
with Piggott In the saddle. In front from
the jump, won ridden cut from Scotch
Plaid. The favorite finished a poor third.
A poor start beat Silver Tone, favorite
for the seven furlong Jaunt. Gauntlet, at
5 to 1, moved up from third position, get
ting the decision by half a length at the
stand from Monda. Silver Tone was
fourth, behind Momentum.
Red Pirate, at 5 to 1. captured the clos
ing mile run in a gallop. Perseus took
the place from Espionage.
To-I>ay^s Entries.
Flrrt race, five furlonee; two-year-olds:
purse:
569 nemota 10$ m?)Moonbrirtt IOS
SS» Merlda 105 BT7 Oscar Tolle 10S
559 Screenwell L....100 ?
Second race, five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds »nd up"trard; selling:
554 Miss Marion ...lfW; 978 Chappie 103
563 Harrj- Corby ... 991 ... Fidel Toulin ... 92
SC« l>lffardo 87 , P64 Mountebank ... 91
<954)Pt. Caslrr.ir ....»> *42 Vioris 100
(MiO)May Gertrude... t*'*
Third race, mile and an eighth: hurdle han
dicap:
94S Monlta H*j M 8 Granger 146
Ml Viking 144| S4B Lomo 144
.948 Durward 14<» 948 Duke of "F0rk.. .142
<MS)L'niversity !3-> M 8 Lord Chest" rfld.l34
641 Meddler US 841 Silverado 130
<831)Eapido 120 ,:;¦•;
Fourth race, one mile; handicap:
t4O Zoroaster 120 9SO Arbaces 110
559 David Tenny ...107, 572 The Fretter 106
W6 Advanoe Guard.lo3, O4S)Vesu'V.an 109
(»73)Con«tellator .... »6! »
Fifth race, mile and three fourths; three
year-olds and upward: selling:
P74 Twinkler 103 97S Forte ...107
<974) Catastrophe ....103 »"» Daisy F. ..' 107
900 Potente US (S7£)WeUer 1C«
912 Espionage ti
Blxth race, three and a half furlongs; two
year-old*; purse:
... Billy Taylor ...105| ... Rio de Bolanus.lW
... Illusion 106 ' ... Toah 105
... Bill Bohmaneonl(£ ... Florenza 108
Selections for To^Day.
First race— Moonbrleht, Oscar Tolle, Ber
ncta.
Second race— St. Caslmlr, May Gertrude.
Miss llarlnn. ! *E3P
Third race— Meddler. Viking. Durward.
Fourth race — Vesuvtan. Tiiroaster. Constel
lator.
Fifth race— Daisy F.. Catastrophe. Weller.'
Sixth race — Billy Taylor, Rio de Bolanus,
Florenxa.
TELE SAX FHANUISCO CALL, SATUEDAY, MARCH* 24, ; 1900.
S^ DrJßibbbn'sJDisp^isary,
ninfuws, Lost Manhmxl Debility or
M st»?1?i!I!? rtD ? 011 bodyand mlndand
Parker's chin. A clinch was followed by
a - sharp .mix - after. ¦¦* the i break. * during
which " Parker . put *a. short irisht : uppercut
over ¦: Daly's heart; sending • him "i to *¦ the
floor, for five setonds.- WhenDaly got ttp
he led- again with his -long left. Parker
ducked and t hammered Daly's body ¦ with
right and left in the; region of the heart.
Daly ; dropped again,'* remaining 'on • the
mat for. several seconds.. Parker bore in
as Daly arose to his feet and floored him.
again. - Daly was very groggy and hardly
able to arise. Parker did not allow, the
weakened Dalyj a . moment's i rest .and
floored him three l more times. The last
time Daly fell he rolled over on his stom
ach with a groan and Referee Slier, count
ed' him out. - ' '
Mitchell Rides Five Winners.
NEW.' ORLEANS,. March ¦ ?3.— Mitchell's
riding was > the feature, of to-day's rac
ing, "five ;of the six events falling to his
share.: ¦ The tr,ack was, heavy. - Belle 1 , of
Orleans and Cathedral were the only,win
ning favorites. ..Kesujtst-— • '..* ' ¦ :
t Seven furlonKS.' selllncr — Belle pt Orleans won.
Grayles* r second, : Ben ; Chance . third. Time,
1:33%. ¦. ?.-¦:.*. - .-. i ¦..'
Six -and' a 'half furlongs— Philter won. Louis
ville second, Corlllo third. . Time. 1:27*4.
One mile and an eighth, selling:— Possum won.
Shinfane second, Can' l See "Em third.:: Time,
2:04. , • _•• v; ;s: :•;¦¦ • . .: ¦.;* - .;.;- r
One mile, handicap— Cathedral won. Strangest
second.' Dissolute third. Time, 1:48%.
I¦- Six furlongs/ selling— lsabey won, :' Captain
Lamar eeooml, , Red OWd third. Time, l:20U. .
One mile;— l>Drd Neville won, Volandles sec
ond, Monk Wayman third. Time, 1:48%. • ' '
McGovern Coming to the Coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I ; NEW YORK, . March 23.— Terry ; McGov
ern intends ; to go West after his _encoun
ter with Tommy Warren. He. has "signed
with a .theatrical company to. give 'exhibi
tions on the. Pacific Coast. ". ''.'-Tf, •
Wo. 2. M. I. S. T.
I - . " — .¦ ¦-¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ •. . ¦ ¦ • _^ ——b - b » b .^_-^ —BB ib«. ' ¦' i ¦
leatb — From Txbacabt 23, 1900 l — . Aftftrra
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
13 A GREAT KESTOUATIVE. l.WKiOlU-
¦tor and Kervlne.
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonxc for tha Sexual Organs for both sexes.
- The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
ncya and Bladder.- Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE. Agents. *-'
I2S Markst street. B.F.— (Send for Circular).
•T:OO\ Bentcia, Suisun. ' Dralra, VacarQle. -
Ramaey and iSaerimentu. - ...... "7*l3f
•7i«H»A Shuta ExpreM— Daria, WUlowa,
Ue.l Bluff. PortUnd.. ..» *7»-i3»>
•7:30 a Martinez. UanlUtuoo, Vallejo. Jfapa, ¦
< 'alUtogaaral Sinta Hosa »<IjISp
•Bs3Oa The OverUnd Limite.l— O^dea. Den- •
¥er, Oajaha, Cb!caco "Siia^
•» t :i<t a fj*u Jo«e, I.iT«r.";«re, Stockton,
lone. Bacramcnt<>, FlacertUle,
Mary""'". Chlcn, KcUSInIT MxlSf
••»«a»» 'Milton, Oakdalc.bODorv. Carter*... •!: I3p
?J:O»* U.tywar<ls. NiUsard Way RUUons. # 1 1»43a
*»:O« a DiTis, WoodUad. Kcishti Tanning. - <
MarjiWllo, t>roTlUe. •7«I3»
, »!l:OOv Atlantio Kxpres3— Ofden and East *t»".-13*.
•OtUtf A Martinez, Tncy, LatUrop, Htockton,
- - • Merc«Hland*'reiiDO. X •I»tl3r
.- »»!«m»a Port CosU. tre»no, Mojar« mul I-j
. .. AiiKelrn .- •«*«»»•
• |6:U<i\ Vall.'Ju. Martinez ami Way Stations *O:-I3r
•1I:OOa Nilea, Ltieruore. Btoe&ton. Macm-
- "¦' " mento. MeniloU. Ilaufcril, VuiU*.
•¦:• - --•- rcrterrlllo Milßr
•isiOOm Ilaywards. XUm ami Way SUtlons. *2>43r
tl:OOp.lacraniwntoltlfer.Sle.-.mers... "?«:«•»>
" , «3:O«p Uiywardn. Niks an«l Wsj Buttons. *3«43p
*4:OWr Miiitlmr. rtau ltunnip, Vailejo,
Napa. ('.tlintftia. KuuU no** "»«IB*
•l:oor H niciii. VacaTil'p, Hacntiuentow
Wotxlland, Knlclitu landing. "¦ .
M«rj»»lllp, Oroiillo •••:45%
•4<3<>r NHes. Kan Ji«ea»di>torktoa *7»13p
•3:OOpThu Owl Llinlted— Tracy, Fresno.
_*-Cakcr«aelJ. Hangnsfor Hsnt»lJap- ¦ *
• ¦ bara, l»;s Angfles „. MOs-lSa.
<i3:OOp Sncset Lirtit^l-Kl l'aao, New Or-.
. Isarssnd Eiut c 1 0:1.1a
• r.j.'lOp Stoektou. Si.icf.il, t'resno.... *ISil3r
*s:3ur k'reono. Itakcrslirlii, KanU l!;t>>inra,
Los ADgclcs. Dcrolng. ' El l'uo, " ¦
New Orleans and East *9<4S a
•.1,3»r Hanta K.t r.niil.n— A tl mtio Kiprena
r<>r MoJuta ami Jlnl.: *«rl3»»
. *G:OOp najoonia. iSilfianUS.nl Josa *7>-l."l«.
tG:3»r Vu11ej0.........-..'. »ia«l3r
•UiSOr Oriental Mail— Oguen, CUeyenne. ,
Omaha, Chicijo..... ••>43^
•«iSOpOrlsatal Mill— Ogden, Denrer.
.' . Omaba, Chicua. *4>iav
1 ITtfHtr Vailejo. Pori CoaU and Way Bta-
t!..ns... ? ;.... :»:33b»
*H:O3r Oreson and Californi9> l^xnrMw.Mac-
tiiinento, Marys>ille, UcKlfntf,
Pi,rkliin,l. Piitr-t .s 1 aiul Kant *<il»4
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900. by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFORAN PARK. Friday. March 23, 1900.— Weather fine. Track fa*t.
977. FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-old. colts and geldings; purse, $400.
'Hi 13a Newark.O'itprTille.SSauJtwe.Fr-lton,
BouiairCreeMiantaOnizaiidWay
Stations - »3«3«)»
. f«:l3r Nswark ?-'enter fille, San Joso, Xaw
Almaueu. Felton, I'.onMer Creek. '
Bauta ('raz aud I'riacipal Way
¦ "- Stations tl«if»o*
•I:13p NoiTirk. Han Jom, Los Gates. ?ttiao*.
4 1 1 1 13r Hunters' Excursion, San Jos* and '
WayStaMons . .... ',7iMr
Tlm« — hi. :23*4: Vt. :<9. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner. E. Lanlgan's eh. g., by
St. Carlo- Bud. Winner was stopping at the finish. Maldonado probably sulks. Follow Me
filt. •Coined with Osrnr Tolle.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ,
•ttaSli PRIKCISCO— r»t cf Hiriet Strt.t (S!i? 8)—
•7:13 0:00 11.00*. M. fI:C3 *S«0 |3:C9
¦ M.-OO ; tB:C3 »C:C3f.M. .
Tom 01IUK9— r««t «f itmimtj,— -(1:00 8:00 10:004.M.
t!3:03 *I:C3 ' |2:C3 • *3:CO JW3 ' •5:33 p.m.
U 7S. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Time— %. :24; %. :4SV;; %. 1:14. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, A..J. Stem
ler> eh. g., by Imp. Midlothian-Starlights Vigorous ride won for Lodestar. Mocort to very
lame. Mr. Johnpon has bad underpinning. Caadale ran a nice race. February bled.
Scratched— Orion 110. Sorrow 108. Mafada 113. K\nz Carnival 110. -
MilOa Ocean Vlaw, Booth tun Francisco.. »«»»•»
•7:00* Kan J o »t> »¦>•) W«y RtnUnns (New
- Alni.i'lcu Weanemlajsotily).. .'.... -•!»»•»
•»'"«• M»ii Jose. Tres l'li.o». Hanta Crn».
. r.k,iilo <:n>»e. I'm > KnUes. Sa:i .
1.111 .11 is O'.iimui, Surf, Lompoe autl . - -
]>rinel|i»l W»j Stations ' <4il*r
•lOiIOa San.l.is-tHiisl Way I Stations „. •rtiSS*
•I Is:i»a Ba:i Jiisa aiul Way Stations ' *9>3OV
t *¦ Isi- 8»n Alatco, Kcdwooi]. ilenlo raik.
I'alo Alto. HantaOlan, .San Jue, "
Tres Plnos. Kauu Crux. Baltnaa.
Monterr; nn.l I'aelßc Groro fifeM*
t»:»n r HaaJinaaml Way buttons «7:3»p
t I:l3r Aau. lose ami Tilnelpal Wjy Skatioii* •t)i-l3\
t-»:«f»p Siu.lohj au.l Principal Way Btatk>DS tOiOO*
•S:S«r SanJosean.llVincipal Way .Stations *!*sXJa
?*?' s ; : i ) P i» Jose ami W«y Stations.. t»:©O*
61 li-ISr San Jos* mi. l W»y HUtions " •TiUOfr
Stamps connect ftt Santa Roea for Mark West
Eprlngrs &nd White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at GeyservlUe for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land - for Duncan - Springs, Highland Sprints,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Sprinjrs, Saratoga Springs. ¦ Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, RlversMe. Llerley's,
Backnell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's
Hot Springs. • Mendoclno • City. ? Fort . Brajr«.
Westport. Usal. Wlllitts. Lartonvlll«, Cum-
filing's. Bell's Springs, ; Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Bcotia and Eureka. -
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re.
duced rates.
On Sunday ' round-trip : tickets ' to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. : .
¦Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bid*
H..C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
+ -,>¦ General Manager. -. Gen. Pass. Agent.
"•n.V° rMol [ l i!" 1 . PforAftarnoon.
Uaily. - t Similar »xc^pte<s. - t Suud«j only.
6 Saturday on! j. .
.aTnculan and Fridays « Thundaji and Sundafm.
Time— H, :1S; H. :»;"H. 1:05: %. I:30V. mile, 1:43% : lHm. I:E6V4. Good start.; Won easily,
second and third driving. Winner. L.. H. Ezell's b. t.. by Kingston-Seville. . Winner. best.
FTf^al>^-dlnr^Pdto^_rurirmt_pTObablv^^^ __ _ - -- . •¦ .
Time—^4. :2«; H, :50; %. 1:15: mile, 1:41.' Good start. - Won '. ridden • out. second and third
driving;. Winner. E. Lanigan's blk. c. by Duke of Montrose-Bow Knot. Knot had plenty
of speed. Plaid was not there at the end. Arbaces must have trained off. Scratched— Storm
Kins 116
OHI. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlong*; gelling; ' three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Time— H. :»»'«:- *i.:3«K: H. 1:01%; %. l:2Stf. Bad start. Won first ; three driving - Winner'
Bonn &. Waterhouse's eh. C. by CavaJler-Herschel. Only two or three horses grot 'any sort
of a fair break. ¦ Gauntlet stopping; at flnUh. Tone and Momentum almost left Scratched—
Lo» Prietos 109. Katie Gibbons 108. Joe McQee 89, Marr Klnsella 107, Rosalbra Tie? Crom
well 112. I' 5 - ! * ¦ :,..•/ _ ¦•- ... . . ¦
QS2. -SIXTH RACE— One mile; gelling; four- yea r-oldg and upward ; purse, $400:
4
ndex. Home, Welght.|St.
941 Carlonlan 11l 4
916 Omcar Tolle 114 6
953 Maldonado 110 2
>4l Parsifal 110 7
... Jim Hale 115 8
941 Follow Me 114 1
941 Briton 11l 5
969 Gaylon Brown 115 3'
... Immodell ....US 9
75« St. Rica 10710
941 Socapa 11l 11
(k : 1 ißettln*.
%m. *4m. %m. * Str. Fin. | Jockeya. |Op. Cl.
... ... 14 ... 11 Plreott 4 10
4 2 ... 2 1 Banslnfrer 2 16-6
6 2 ... 3h Alexander .... • •
-...' ... 6H ... 4% Buchanan .... 6 7
... ... 7 3 ... 5 3 O'Brien 3 15
2 2 ... • 82 .Shaw 10 15
' ... ... 810 ... 7 2 Bowman ..... 15 20
SVi ... 8 5 E. Ross 7 7
10 2 ... 9 Macklln 4 10
11 • ... 10 Logue 1 6
9h ... 11 H. 8h1e1d8.... 3 7
ndex. Horre.
ndex. Horre. Age. Weight. Ist.
4T£ Lodestar. 6 110 8
954 True Blue. 6 110 1
561 Lothian. 4 107 3
562 Amasa, 5 11« 5
WS Caodale. 4 107 <>
v«t Mocorlto, 5 10S 2
731 Montanus. 4 110 10.
9" Chappie. 6 .....110 11
W) Mr. Johnpon, 4 lift «
DO6 Relna de Cuba, 3....1W, 4
SM February. 6 107 7
Age. W»lghtT|at.
Y*m.
«m.
¦ %m.
5 h
¦12
4 1
3 1
10 1
2 h
11;
fi 2
7 1 -
8 h
5 3
%m.
" 3 3
18
6 4
2 2
8 1
;-4; -4 \-.~
: n ..
10
« h
Str. Fin. | Jockeyg. |Qp. cT
114 PlßKotf ....... 5 4
2 2 B. Rosb 3 4
3 1 H. Shields.... 6 13
... 42; Buchanan .... 12 20
... 6 1 Amen 6 15
6 h N. Hill 3 4
... 7 .I. Powell 7 10
8 Olover 15-' 20
¦ 9 Hennesrey .... -8 ; --IS
.... 10 Alexander 30 20
... 11 Shaw-. 4 7
Index. Horee. Wetght.|3t. . Jim. Hm. %m. Btr. Fin. | Jockeyg. . |Qp. Cl.
~PCB The Lady 11l 3 '2h t~V.b 212 In 1 1«4 M. Bergen..... I 4-5, 7-10
»4S Florabird 112 2 14 "lift 1H220 220 PiKßott ....... 6-5 13-10
STO Pregtome ..VW 4 4, « 4 4, 3 4 8urke "... ...... 40 100
965 Red Cherry.. ....... .106 1 34 38 3 3 Z%. -•<-«. Morgan ....... 12 40
ndex
Horse.
A«re.
Weight.
St.
Urn.
Hm.
%tn.
S»r.
Fin.
Jockeys.
a.
946 Hard Knot. 4 112 2
(963) Scotch Plaid. 6 113 S
W»f> Arbaces. 5 110 1 .
872 Poorlandg. 4 103 4
1 4
2 4 -
. 3 n
4
12
2 6
3 3
4
1 2H
26
86 "
4
12
2 5
¦ 36
4
1 1H Plgffott
2 8 H. Shields.....
315 Shaw .........
4 L. Da1y........
6-3 9-5
4 7-2
6-5 1
200 500
l«x.
[orse.
ige.
:r.
in.
;eys.
lOp.
»i. •>
942 Gauntlet, 4 ....109 3 3 4
>60 Honda, 4 .110 1 ¦ 22
(94?) Momentum. 5.. ......116 7 7 J4
963 Silver Ton*. 4.......U0 8 6 h .
(Si») Sllvertail, 3.......... 99 « 8 8
943 Burdock. 3....; . 9G 4 .4 1
972 Sinter Alice, 6 11l 9 9
SS4 White Fern, 4...... 108 5 6!
933 Matt Hogan. 3...... 99 2 lh
938 Alarla. 4 10S Left.,...
964 Thoma» Carey, 3.... 99 Left ...
3 5
'2 2
4 h
6 2 ,
8h
6 h ;
9
- iv;
lh
33 ••- .
2 1«
4 2
. ;(h ¦?
7h
; 62
81
9
lh
3 2
I hi
4 2
6 1
7 h "• '
6 h -
8 1
9 :••
In
1 M H. Shields. ....
26. Buchanan-....
• 3 h E. R0e5.. ......
41- Plpgott
. 6 l'/4 I. Powell
6 1 Hunt .:........
7 h Morgan
8 2 Hennessey ..;.
9: Rasslnger -'....
-... 5haw;....;;....
M. Bergen: ....
3
13
4
. 2 \
¦¦ «
40 .
15
12 *
8
10
20
9-J
25
6
' . 15
- 100
;-. 23
; so
20
8
40
ndex.
ratex. Hor»e. Age. Welght.|Bt.
V6l Red Pirate. 4 108 7
952 Perseus, a.... J. 109 1
563 Enplonage. 4.........103 «
(X,2) Racivan, 4 ..105 4
»J7 Wyoming, a ...109 10
£61 El Mldo. 4 lOi 2
655 Captive, a 112 I
575 Dogtown, J.. ...... ..112 5
563 Facade. 4... 106 » .
963 BUhop Rged, 6.. ....112 8
:prie.
4 h
2 n
v>'-. ;
81
*H
.in
8 2
• B I
7h
. ,¦> I. 1 -".
4 1
2h
10 : i
3H
8 1
lh
91
!«•
7 h
> 61 .
,m.
3 1
1 h
9 5
44-
•8 1;
Jn
Sh
' 7H
6h
¦ 10 ,
,m.
Btr.
r ... -
!tr.
Fin. FJockeys. - |Op. q. ¦
I* . \ Powell I. 6 iI .=
2% Ames ..;.'...... 8 12,.
3n, M. . Bergen ..... '•'• 7 ! 7.
;4h ; Baaninger ¦ .'. .'. 8-6 J
' BJ4 Morgan '....... 8-2 1 ; -< '
61: Shaw .........; g in
7 2 Glover-..-.;.... 8 12 '
8 4 B. R0m...;.... .U:^,
9 2 Ranch ?. .;:.... 10 50 ''
' 1 10 '¦; ¦ Hennessey ,- . ..; *.; 10 V .,' jj < ¦ :
In.
ndex.
ratex. Hor»e. Age. Welght.|Bt.
V6l Red Pirate. 4 108 7
952 Perseus, a.... J. 109 1
563 Enplonage. 4.........103 «
(X,2) Racivan, 4 ..105 4
»J7 Wyoming, a ...109 10
£61 El Mldo. 4 lOi 2
655 Captive, a 112 I
575 Dogtown, J.. ...... ..112 5
563 Facade. 4... 106 » .
963 BUhop Rged, 6.. ....112 8
:prie.
4 h
2 n
v>'-. ;
81
*H
.in
8 2
• B I
7h
. ,¦> I. 1 -".
4 1
2h
10 : i
3H
8 1
lh
91
!«•
7 h
> 61 .
,m.
3 1
1 h
9 5
44-
•8 1;
Jn
Sh
' 7H
6h
¦ 10 ,
,m.
Btr.
r ... -
!tr.
Fin. FJockeys. - |Op. q. ¦
I* . \ Powell I. 6 iI .=
2% Ames ..;.'...... 8 12,.
3n, M. . Bergen ..... '•'• 7 ! 7.
;4h ; Baaninger ¦ .'. .'. 8-6 J
' BJ4 Morgan '....... 8-2 1 ; -< '
61: Shaw .........; g in
7 2 Glover-..-.;.... 8 12 '
8 4 B. R0m...;.... .U:^,
9 2 Ranch ?. .;:.... 10 50 ''
' 1 10 '¦; ¦ Hennessey ,- . ..; *.; 10 V .,' jj < ¦ :
In.
Index. Horee. Wetght.|3t. . Jim. Hm. %m. Btr. Fin. | Jockeyg. . |Qp. Cl.
~PCB The Lady 11l 3 '2h t~V.b 212 In 1 1«4 M. Bergen..... I 4-5, 7-10
»4S Florabird 112 2 14 "lift 1H220 220 PiKßott ....... 6-5 13-10
STO Pregtome ..VW 4 4, « 4 4, 3 4 8urke "... ...... 40 100
965 Red Cherry.. ....... .106 1 34 38 3 3 Z%. -•<-«. Morgan ....... 12 40
ndex. Home, Welght.|St.
941 Carlonlan 11l 4
916 Omcar Tolle 114 6
953 Maldonado 110 2
>4l Parsifal 110 7
... Jim Hale 115 8
941 Follow Me 114 1
941 Briton 11l 5
969 Gaylon Brown 115 3'
... Immodell ....US 9
75« St. Rica 10710
941 Socapa 11l 11
(k : 1 ißettln*.
%m. *4m. %m. * Str. Fin. | Jockeya. |Op. Cl.
... ... 14 ... 11 Plreott 4 10
4 2 ... 2 1 Banslnfrer 2 16-6
6 2 ... 3h Alexander .... • •
-...' ... 6H ... 4% Buchanan .... 6 7
... ... 7 3 ... 5 3 O'Brien 3 15
2 2 ... • 82 .Shaw 10 15
' ... ... 810 ... 7 2 Bowman ..... 15 20
SVi ... 8 5 E. Ross 7 7
10 2 ... 9 Macklln 4 10
11 • ... 10 Logue 1 6
9h ... 11 H. 8h1e1d8.... 3 7
ndex
Horse.
A«re.
Weight.
St.
Urn.
Hm.
%tn.
S»r.
Fin.
Jockeys.
a.
946 Hard Knot. 4 112 2
(963) Scotch Plaid. 6 113 S
W»f> Arbaces. 5 110 1 .
872 Poorlandg. 4 103 4
1 4
2 4 -
. 3 n
4
12
2 6
3 3
4
1 2H
26
86 "
4
12
2 5
¦ 36
4
1 1H Plgffott
2 8 H. Shields.....
315 Shaw .........
4 L. Da1y........
6-3 9-5
4 7-2
6-5 1
200 500
ndex. Horre.
ndex. Horre. Age. Weight. Ist.
4T£ Lodestar. 6 110 8
954 True Blue. 6 110 1
561 Lothian. 4 107 3
562 Amasa, 5 11« 5
WS Caodale. 4 107 <>
v«t Mocorlto, 5 10S 2
731 Montanus. 4 110 10.
9" Chappie. 6 .....110 11
W) Mr. Johnpon, 4 lift «
DO6 Relna de Cuba, 3....1W, 4
SM February. 6 107 7
Age. W»lghtT|at.
Y*m.
«m.
¦ %m.
5 h
¦12
4 1
3 1
10 1
2 h
11;
fi 2
7 1 -
8 h
5 3
%m.
" 3 3
18
6 4
2 2
8 1
;-4; -4 \-.~
: n ..
10
« h
Str. Fin. | Jockeyg. |Qp. cT
114 PlßKotf ....... 5 4
2 2 B. Rosb 3 4
3 1 H. Shields.... 6 13
... 42; Buchanan .... 12 20
... 6 1 Amen 6 15
6 h N. Hill 3 4
... 7 .I. Powell 7 10
8 Olover 15-' 20
¦ 9 Hennesrey .... -8 ; --IS
.... 10 Alexander 30 20
... 11 Shaw-. 4 7
l«x.
[orse.
ige.
:r.
in.
;eys.
lOp.
»i. •>
942 Gauntlet, 4 ....109 3 3 4
>60 Honda, 4 .110 1 ¦ 22
(94?) Momentum. 5.. ......116 7 7 J4
963 Silver Ton*. 4.......U0 8 6 h .
(Si») Sllvertail, 3.......... 99 « 8 8
943 Burdock. 3....; . 9G 4 .4 1
972 Sinter Alice, 6 11l 9 9
SS4 White Fern, 4...... 108 5 6!
933 Matt Hogan. 3...... 99 2 lh
938 Alarla. 4 10S Left.,...
964 Thoma» Carey, 3.... 99 Left ...
3 5
'2 2
4 h
6 2 ,
8h
6 h ;
9
- iv;
lh
33 ••- .
2 1«
4 2
. ;(h ¦?
7h
; 62
81
9
lh
3 2
I hi
4 2
6 1
7 h "• '
6 h -
8 1
9 :••
In
1 M H. Shields. ....
26. Buchanan-....
• 3 h E. R0e5.. ......
41- Plpgott
. 6 l'/4 I. Powell
6 1 Hunt .:........
7 h Morgan
8 2 Hennessey ..;.
9: Rasslnger -'....
-... 5haw;....;;....
M. Bergen: ....
3
13
4
. 2 \
¦¦ «
40 .
15
12 *
8
10
20
9-J
25
6
' . 15
- 100
;-. 23
; so
20
8
40H. Socket Insolvent.
H. Socnat, San Francisco, filed a-peti
tion In insolvency yesterday 1n the United
States District Court. His liabilities are
$96S 30. He has no assets.
"PREP." SCHOOL
ATHLETES IN
COMPETITION
Sensational Performances Ex
pected To-Day at Academic
League Games.
rr T A HE spring championship meet-,
J~ mg of the Academic Athletic
league, to be Jield this afternoon on
Berkeley Oval, is an indication of
the marked revival of interest on
this Coast in amateur athletics and
all manly sports and pastimes. The
entry list for this, the twelfth semi
annual renewal of lh* High School
boys' games, greatly exceeds any
prcz-ious list. The performances
ere expected to be almost up to the
sta::dard of those shozen at inter
collegiate games. Ukiah High
School sends an exceptionally
strong team and is expected to win
the championship banner. Its
hurdlers and jumpers are the clcz'
crcst in the league. Stephen A'sbill
of the Lozvcll High School is pro
nounced tl'.c fleetest of the sprinting
brigade. So many new names ap
pear in the list of competitors that
some nczi' star may Hash suddenly
across the horizon and surprise the
spectators. The pupils of the vari
ous schools rri// be present with
their colors and their cheers to urge
on the youths who represent them
in the stirring competition.
BERKELEY ATHLETES
ON THE CINDER PATH
PErKKUT. March 3.— The past week
has been an exciting one in track atti-
Iptir-s: at tho University cf California. The
time is rapidly approaching when the
"lucky ten" who will carry the Blue and
Gold to Eastern fields will be chosen.
Starch SI has be«i set as the U. C. meet,
or better the try-out for the Eastern
fam. Then raen whose records balance
evenly but who have never come together
in a race will meet. When men with rec
ords acd possibilities like Drum and Ca
dogan meet there will be a race worth
going miles to see.
The freshman-sophomore field day last
Saturday did not bring out any new men.
The best performance was that of Powell
in the hurdles and mile run. Cadogan did
not run because of illness and there were
no others who could do notable work with
the exception of Plaw, who threw the
hammer 147 feet, showing that great
things may be expected of him later on.
Sc-ldcm has the cinder path seen such an
Cfrgrefration of athletes as has been out
this week. Bakewell. in the hurdles;
Drum. Cadogan. Symmonds and Lawson
in the sprints; Squires, in the distances;
Hoffman, pole vaulting and high jump
ir.jr; Walsh in the walk and Broughton
in the broad jump. Woolsey. the best.all
around man on the team, who can do the
hurdles, the sprints, the high jump and
shct put. has not been out regularly for
tTvo we«-ki=. Early in the season he began
training with cross-country runs. The
thin tennis shoes he wore made a small
blister on his left foot and a plight touch
of b'.ood-pMsonlng followed. He has not
been out since, but has assiduously doc
tored his wound. This accident was un
fortunate, as Wool s=ey has given up the
eprlnta an<l will po into some other event,
lie will run the 22f>-yard hurdles and put
the fhot. Bakewell will take care of the
1^ and 220 hurdle races. Plaw. the prom
ising hammer-thrower. Is doing his train
ing In East Oakland, as the field Is not
large enough for his throws. There Is
danger of injuring some one.
Track Captain Drum has had the watch
in his hand most of the week, timing the
nip-n and coaching. Some splendid time
has br-en made, considering the time of
The season, the weather and the condition
of the track. None of the men seem to
have any trouble in equaling their records
cf last year. This promises much for the
* season's records. Hoffman received a
n*>w pole from the East yesterday and
tried it for the first time. It is about the
same weight as is used here, but is
toupher, and Hoffman says he has more
confidence in It. He is endeavoring to
imitate the Eastern style of vaulting. As
he has done heretofore his hands have
been a couple of feet apart as he vaulted
the stick. Now. however, in imitation of
the Eastern style, he runs both hands
together as he attains the proper height
in the air. That gives the body better
leverage and more swing.
While the baseball team Is out each
evening, there ha.s not been a line-up of
the entire team this week. The last week
of rain and the loss of two practice games
has *et things backward a little. The
infield remains intact, but the outfield is
very unsatisfactory. Wolf, last year's left
field, may not play again this season, a.*
he has been 111 for two weeks. 'Nothing
definite Is known of the present condition
of the team, and will not be known until
the next match game.
? ¦
CARDINAL TEAM IS
ROUNDING INTO FORM
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 23.—
The rapid approach of Intercollegiate
contents is spurring the cardinal's ath
letes to renewed efforts. Each day shows
improvement on the part of both base
ball and track men. Nearly a hundred
men are training for some one of the va
rious teams under the guidance of Dr.
Murphy, and in nearly every case satis
factory condition Is belnsr approached.
Stanford's most hopeful outlook this
. f .;non is on the diamond, and this Is
artera Interest naturally centers. The
team work and batting of the men has
shown marked Improvement. More spirit
is being put Into the game, and the men
are finally at a point on the upper grade
for which Coach Murphy has so long
waited The personnel of the team re
mains practically unchanged. Hampson
relieves Lanagan In the minor games and
has done creditable work for a new roan.
Edwards has been put at shortstop. Cap
tain Strohn taking his place at third. Ha
vf-ns continues to hold down the initial
bag in a satlsfactorw manner and seems
a fixture in th<» place. Symonds' work
In th^ fipld Ib commanding attention from
the experts. He is sure and is in every
play. His batting is also strong. The final
gam<> with the Fireman's Fund will be
played to-morrow In San Francisco on
the Folsom-street grounds. The last game
of the series w-ent to the cardinal and a
close contest is expected between the
teams, as they are old rivals and well
matched.
The claps contests have done much to
strengthen Interest in track matters. The
victory of the freshman team over the
Oakland High School last Saturday has
given the baby team much encourage
ment. Manager Cantwell is arranging a
meet for them with the University of
Nevada team at Reno. Next Friday will
be celebrated as junior day, when ' the
teams from the four classes will contest
for the college championship.
i * Money is the lever that moves the world.
; but It takes diplomacy to handle the lever.
Vrettos Challenges Olsen.
OAKLAND, March 23.— Psodln Vrettos
to-day wired a challenge to ; Beck ' Olsen
of s Copenhagen,' who last ..Tuesday -night
at 'Madison-square Garden, New : York,
defeated: Ernest Roeber,' the hfavy-welght
champion: wrestler :of America, in a
Graeco-Roman match. The challenge was
accompanied ' with . an - : offer * of .-: a - bet of
$1000 a Bide.v Vrettos has now. some fame
locally as -a heavy-weight : wrestler. *On
the night of February 28 he defeated Henri
Petri in a wrestling match a* *fc« Exposi
tion building In this dtir.-. J r
, ': Standard Optical Co., 117 ¦ Kearny at., leading
optician*. All work ruannteed; price* low. • -
TROUT SEASON OPENING.
• The 'members of -'San Francisco , Fly
casting. Club will , meet at Stow Lake,
Golden Gate Park ; this afternoon and to
morrow; morning for their : customary
semi-monthly contests. The members are
showing exceptional form ; and will * un
1 doubtedly establish ¦ a ; new series '.ot rec
ords at the -pastime .this season.' The
practice they, have enjoyed will be applied
to . practical . use ¦ pext Sunday week upon
the opening of the. trout season: The ma
jority of the members- will find their ,way
to, favorite streams, where they may • lure
the game 'fish from his winter haunts. '-.
'John Butler fished at "Point Reyes last
Sunday, securing, one large steel head and
a • number of smaller, ones. ' .. - - .
OLYMPIANS AT HANDBALL.
The directorate of Olympic Athletic
Club has retained T. Riordan, the noted
handball player, as instructor of the club
members In that pastime. The new court
in the Post-street building Is the. finest
In the West and th» members/show In
creased Interest In the fine old sport. Mr.
Riordan is a master hand- at the game
and will show the agile Olympians its
finer points.
The principal match at Phil , Ryan's
Howard-street handball court to-morrow
will be between R. Llnehan and J. White
apalnst Harlow and his partner. 'The
other matches are:
W. WaUh and E. McGinty v«. J. -Mcßrearty
and J. Daly; A. McVlcker and T. Leach vs.
G. Smith and J. Condon: C. Murray and M.
Klrby vs J. J. Canavan and G. B. Hay ward.
W. H. Sicbem and E. Lynch vs. E- Mc-
Donough and \V. H. Kedlan: T. Foley and E.
Barry vs. D. Regan and J. Klrby; D. Rodgers
«nd M. McNeil vs. C. McKlnnon and G. Mc-
Donald: T. Serre« and E.- White vs. A. White
man and R. Regli. . „ . ,
On the Diamond.
The baseball teams representing Holtt's
School and the College' of Physicians and
Surgeons will meet at 2:30 p.m. to-day at
Sixteenth ' and Folsom streets. .The nines
will be made up as follows:: ' •
Holtt's— Taylor, pitcher: Spllvalo. catch
er: Captain Howell, first base; . Brecken
ridge. second base: Clark." third 1 base;
Whitman, left field : Frlsbee. right ¦ field ;
Smith, center field; Bltt, shortstop. Physi
cians and ¦¦"¦ Surgeons, freshman class—
Crum. . catcher; . Rader. pitcher; : . Burns,
first base; Captain Wilklns, second: base;
Locke, third- base: Gross, right field;
Hines, left field; .Colburn, center field.
GUNMEN AT THE TRAPS.
The -followers of j trap-shooting will be
out In force at the Ingleside grounds of
San Francisco . Trap-shooting Association
to-morrow. The. members of .;.* Olympic
Gun Club will smash blue 'rocks, while
the San Francisco. Gun Club experts t wlll
test their skill on live birds., .
"In order to afford, trap-shooters 'an op
portunity for practice the 'officials of
Empire Gun Club have decided -to throw
open their grounds at Alameda Point on
the fourth' Sunday >of each month. Blue
rocks will then; be 'trapped to both mem
bers : and visitors at the rate of 1 . cent
each." The, first .- = of .-.these shoots- will be
held to-morrow. This" arrangement,, which
is also in vogue at the Ingleside grounds,
permits of. practice shooting at small ex
pense.*. '.* -.-'- .;¦'..' ;• : '-. '. - .-;';¦¦ ;¦.¦;.:,;• -.
The man who has nothing to be prouc
of Is apt to be proud of that.
WHEELMEN ON THE ROAD.
The run to Centervllle at this season
of the year Is a popular one with the
wheelmen. Last Sunday Captain Smith
took a party of fifty Bay City Wheelmen
down with him, and to-morrow about an
equal number of Olympics will make the
trip under the ' guidance of. Captain
Thomas SplUane and Lieutenants L. H.
Smith and E; F. Rus3. En route the club
will hold a .ten-mile try-out from Fruit
vale to Hay wards, to test the speed of
candidates for this year's relay team. "
The Fresno Cycle Racing Association
has been formed, with the following offi
cers:. C.'L. Davis, president: Leon De
zert. vice president; Charles L. Hill, sec
retary: Clarence Barton, treasurer. The
association will conduct race meets in
the Raisin City, the first of which will
be held on May 30.
' The Garden City Wheelmen of San Jose
have elected the following officers: Presi
dent, L.O. Sill; vice president. Otto
Zlegler ¦ Jr.: secretary, Charles Shaefer;
financial secretary. E. B; Wastle; direct
ors — Roy V. Davis, Ed Johnson.- J. B.
Lannigan; L. C. Gowland. D. E. Moody;
captain. J.E. Wllliston: first lieutenant.
Herbert Stockton; second lieutenant. Ho
mer. A. Lowe: bugler. Burton Downing;
color-bearer, E.C. Bates/
; Downing . and McFarland, the crack
racing men of the San Jose Club, with
Stevens of lowa - and Freeman of Port
land, are again in Los Angeles. After ap
pearing at a few meets there they will
leave for Louisville. Ky., to complete
their training for the coming season's
sport. - . . ¦
The. Olympic. Bay City and Garden City
clubs are ' now giving close attention to
the preparation of their teams for the in
terclub relay contest to be held the fore
part of May. -Much new. material is being
developed, and* this year's race promises
to be harder than any previous one.
SPORT AT SUTRO'S.
The usual programme of aquatic con
tests has been arranged for to-morrow
by the management of Sutro Baths. Tha
entries for the various events follow:
Fifty-yard race. Juveniles— E. Klpp. O. Xel
ber O Rudonlck. -V. UudoiUck. O. Sunber*.
W ' Wollb*ck. W. Webber. H. Leicken. H.
Hanson, O. Owens. F. Ralston. C. Shilling.
G Child*. F. Cloußh. R. Ridlns. ,R. Mtntcr.
O. Lowenthal: 100-yard race, amateur— C^ Carl
ton. L. Haywanis. H. Alhbach. K. WHson.
W Harrlnc, J. Laird. E. Joeepas. E. Bell, C .
Lundln, R. Dan!. W. Wallace. W. Smith. T.
Thomas 11. Seebach: tub race, three prizes—
C Sinclair. E. Klpp. J. Wandell. G. Kelber.
M. Rudonlck. G. Rellly. A. Caudaln, O. Car
rol! L. Doud. G. McCormlck. E. Letboldt. C .
Henderson. A. Baudaln. F. Carroll. E. Wells;
trick and fancy springboard dlvlns— I* Bodie.
J Cathcart. J. Hanton. E. Klpp. F. Rudo
nlck W. Summers. R. Cordell. O. Mlsner. J.
Cathwell. F. Eames, R. Rldlnar. S. DavU
RACING ON THE SPEEDWAY
The members of Golden Gate Park Driv
ing Association will hold their first mat
inee of racing for this season to-day on
the park speedway. The card is made up
of two half-mile races, which will be de
cided by the best two-ln-three heat plan.
The sport will commence at 2 o clock.
The portion of the speedway over which
the races will be held has been especially
prepared for fast work. These matinees
will be h«»Id at regular intervals during
the season, especially between this, time
and Decoration day, when the big open
meeting of the year will taka place at
Oakland.
HUNT CLUB TO
RENDEZVOUS AT
REDWOOD CITY
J. Downey Harvey Will Enter
tain a Large Party To- Day •
at Luncheon.
The meet of the San Mateo County Hunt
last Saturday was . well attended, and | a
capital run was enjoyed. The pack waa
not laid on till 4:15 in the afternoon, and
the horses, having been kept waiting for
some time at the rendezvous, were eager
to start.' The meet was at the Howard
woods, near the Crystal Springs road,' and
the course was laid through the Bowie
and Howard estates and the Clark land,
the first check being at the Burlingame
dairy. Thence the scent led the hounds
to the county road, the Sharon estate and
the Burlingame field, the second check
being near the house, of R. T. Coleman.
Resuming the hounds ran through the
Easton and Millbrae properties, finishing
at Millbrae dairy. The chase was for the
most part over level country, and a fast
pace was set. Several or the riders
cleared the fences in their normal condi
tion without taking advantage of the
places where the- top- rail had been : re
moved. The following riders were out:
Mrs. H. T. Scott, Miss Whitney, Miss
Spllvalo. F. J. Carolan, the Hunt servants,
C. Dunphy, W. S. Hobart. C. E. Whitney,
John Lawson, J. J. Moore, Peter Martin,
J. Downey Harvey. E. D. Beylard, Dun
can Hayne.E. Parsons and Mr. Spllvalo."
On Monday morning a live fox was
turned loose in the Burlingame field, and
after giving him some start the pack was
laid on and a . good run ; resulted. On
Wednesday afternoon the rendezvous waa
the polo field at Burlingame.
: To-day a luncheon will be given to the
members of the Hunt by J. Downey Har
vey, the viands being provided from the
Burlingame . Country Club.' but served • In
the cpen air at Wellesley Park, near Red
wood City. A large party of guests from
Burlingame, San - Mateo and . San Fran
cisco is expected. The run -after ' tho
luncheon, will be across country- In* a
northerly direction, finishing : at . the Bur
lingame Country. Club. On Wednesday,
March 28, : the meet- will be at Laurel
Creek at 4:30 p. m., and next Saturday at
the Crossways, Burlingame, at .1 p. m.
ARE IMPORTING
GREYHOUNDS IN
LARGE NUMBERS
Coursing Men of This Coast
Looking for a Second
For Freedom.
The coursing men of California will ap
parently not be content until they. import
a second For Freedom from England.
There Is almost a procession of dogs on
the way out here now. In addition to the
one received by Mr. Rosseter's represent
atives some days since another Is due for
the same owner. There is one coming to
Robert Malcom, while the big coursing
firm of Russell, Allen & Wilson also ex
pects an addition to its representative
kennel. This all means an Infusion of
new blood which must prove beneficial
to the greyhounds bred on this coast with
in the next few years. . • . ¦
Real Lassie, J. H. Rosseter's recent Im
portation, whelped a litter of eight pup
pies at Pasha kennels, Alameda County,
some days since. Five of them are dogs.
A portion of the litter has been offered
for sale. Ed ward. Conn purchased one of
the puppies, while another has passed into
the hands of some fancier who declines to
make known his identity. The second of
Mr. Kosseter's purchases is expected here
shortly. . . '
An attractive card has been arranged
for this week- by the management of
Union Coursing Park. A puppy, stake in
whicn a number ot promising young grey
hounds will make their first appearance
will be run aown twice to-day, leaving
the best of. the entries, to battle for the
big prizes to-morrow afternoon. The open
stake will 'be run- down - once this after
noon. It has attracted a high class entry,
from which 'great sport is " expected.
Among the dogs In the running are: ; Be
acon, Palo Alto, Hawker, Brutus, Thorn
hill, Pleasant Girl, Hot Haste, Lady
Davenport, Cavalier, Motto, Maud B,
Rona, Maid of Bail, Rose of Tralee, Royal
Flush, Rock Island King, Theron, Palm
flower, Spiteful, Royal Anne, Whitehead,
Lawrence, , Metallic, Mac's • Melody j and
Lily of the West.
Coursing - will commence to-day upon
the arrival of the 10:15 1 train. The 1:25
p. m. Tanforan , train will stop .at the
park. ..The. trains to-morrow will start at
10:15, 11, 12 and 1 o'clock.
The second -of - the champion stakes an
nounced by the ; Ingleside Park manage
ment will, beheld one week from to-mor
row. It will be.. limited to sixteen ' dogs',
with a $5 entrance ..fee. An eighty-dog
open, stake will be the card for to-day and
to-morrow. ' The entries include One Spot,
Daisy Clalr. ; Sylvanus, Miss Penman.
Master Davenport. , Peptta, lowa Maid,
Diablo, Kid McCoy, Twin City Girl,
O'Hara, Little Fullerton, Rocker and May
Herschel.
Emln Pasha, the great sire \ and stake
winner of the Pasha kennels," has been
permanently retired. ¦ Emm was the "get
of the English cracks. Major and Daisy,
presented to J.H. Rosseter by Colonel
North, the "nitrate klng,".and well known
patron of the leash ; In England. .-Emm
Pasha was successful from the start; win
ning sixteen out of his first seventeen
courses and also many open stakes » at
Newark, and Canavan's park. I Emln ; was
sent East and ' was started •In the - first
America Waterloo; but', was '. beaten • on ? a
fluke in his first course.- Four years, later
he redeemed himself by. dividing the same
stake at Dallas, Tex. He broke his leg
while coursing at Newark and was tem
porarily placed in -the stud: and .was! bred
to Curtis & Son's Rockette. .The result
was the greatest-Utter of greyhounds ever
raised In America, all of them being
champions. The fame of Rosette, Cava
lier, -Theron, Maud S, McKlnley and
Thoe is world wide. At ingleside Park in
the latter part of lgS7 Rosette and Cava
lier divided one puppy stake; Cavalier
won another; Rosette and Maud S, divided
another, and Maud S won one. Cavalier
won an open ¦¦ stake . while still in the
puppy class. Rosette won four open
stakes and Ther.on- one. At- Union .Park
in 1838 Rosette was second, in the open
stake of March' 5; Rosette and Cavalier
divided the open stake on March 12.
Rosette won . the open stake on April 2;
Cavalier won the open stake on April 16,
Theron ran second to For Freedom In the
champion stake of May 1. 1 Rosette was
second' in the open stoke of July 9 and
won the open stake of August '20.' Maud
S won the open .stake on^ September 3,
Rosette, Cavalier and McKlnley. divided
the open stake of September 24, and Cava
lier and McKlnley divided an open stake
on October 1. Rosette won another stake
on October 8; and the list might be car
ried on Indefinitely. The get of Emln
Pasha-Valley Queen comprise among the
number Koolawn; Forget and Green Val
ley - Maid. Out of Emm Pasha-Venture
came Rosebud and The Turk, both show-
Ing, great -speed.. From Emln Pasha-Bona
come- Recording Angel, Bona Fide and
Reckless Archer. Out of Pride of the
Valley are the fast youngsters Little Sis
ter and Sir Pasha. From - Fair Helen
Emln- Pasha has produced Craig Boy. and
Fair Lillie. Out of Minnie Wa Wa are the
fast dogs Risky Attempt. Reannex and
Aeneas. Out of Wave are Slsquoc, Ollta.
Ripple and Rude Awakening. From Van
Cloie Emln I has -produced - Athena and
Agamemnon. From' Bonnie Lass are the
great puppies ; Ireland. Palo Alto, Erin,
Ronnie Pasha and America, and from
Susie Is Golden. Rule; already one of the
crack dogs of the coast.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA ATHLETES WHO WILL RACE IN THE EAST.
Photographed Expressly for The Call.
OVER at the University of California a score of young
athletes are In regular training for a competition
which moans much to them. One week from 'to-'-iay
they will put thelrspeed and strength. to the test :to
determine which sprinters and Jumpers will represent the
great institution of learning on .the cinder paths "of the
East. The Illustration" shows some of the men who are tx-
pected to have no difficulty In making the team. Captain
William P. Drum has been recognized as the fastest sprint
er on the 'coast for some years. ' "Jack" Hoffman Is the
coast, champion at pole vaulting and high Jumping, and C
Broughton at broad Jumping. Howard Squires is the dis
tance runner, although this year he will have a try at the
"440," .the most trying of the sprinting distances.
MISS HOFFMAN
WINS WOMEN'S
COUNCIL CUP
Tie in a Championship Golf
Tournament to Be Played
Off To- Morrow.
This morning a caddies' golf tournament
will be held on the Presidio links over
eighteen holes, medal play, for sets of
clubs as prizes. In order to restrain the
ambition of the caddlts to hand In won
derful 6cores ladles? will accompany them
as scorers. Eight caddies qualified last
week, of whom Jack Kelly made the ex
cellent score of 49 for nine -holes, not
withstanding the fact that the grass
through the fair green is quite long. The
prizes are presented by C R. Winslow of
the San Francisco Golf Club.
The second competition for the Council's
cup for women oi the San Francisco .Golf
Club 'ended yesterday. The opening round
was played on Monday, ; tiie semi-tinal
round on Wednesday and the final round
yesterday. The eight who qualified were
Miss Alice Colden. Hoffman, whose score
over the eighteen holes, medal play, in
the qualifying round was 53, 63—116; Miss
Mary Scott, Miss Maud O'Connor, Miss
Caro Crockett, Mrs. Ft. G. Brown, Miss
Maud Mullms, Miss Ella W. Morgan and
Miss Edith Cneseorough. The four win
ners in the first round were Miss Alice
Hoffman. Miss Caro Crockett, Miss Maud
Muilins and Miss Ella W. Morgan, the
opponents of the last two defaulting. The
winners in the semi-final round were Miss
Alice Hoffman and Miss Caro Crockett.
By defeating Miss Caro Crockett 3 up, 2 to
play. In the final round Miss Alice Hoff
man becomes the winner of the Council's
cup for the second time. If she wins a
third competition the trophy will become
hers.
E. R. Folger and C. P. Hubbard, hav
ing tied in the final round over thirty-six
holes for the championship of the Oak
land and San Francisco Golf clubs, the
tie will be played off to-morrow over eight
een holes on the Oakland links.
Willie Anderson, who, with Horace
Rawllns, has been Instructor at the Oak
land links since October of last year, and
who has won three out of the four pro
fessional golf tournaments held at Oak
land, Burllngmae and Coronado, will re
turn shortly to the Eastern States. T.
W. Tetley. until recently Instructor at the
San Rafael links, has gone to the southern
part of the State, in company with Mrs.
Tetley, but will return to San Francisco.
David Stephenson, to the regret of the
members of the San Francisco Golf Club,
will leave the Presidio links at the end
of April. No arrangements have yet been
made for his successor. During nis stay
at the Presidio Stephenson has given
great satisfaction, being a fine player, a
good instructor and club maker, and one
of the longest drl% - ers that ever teed a
ball. The San Rafael Golf Club Is at pres
ent without an instructor, but .the direct
ors are in correspondence with some pro
fessionals and expect shortly to conclude
their arrangements. No tournaments will
be played until next month, though sev
eral enthusiasts are regular In their prac
tice on the links. Stephenson has sev
eral times visited the San Rafael course
and It Is hoped that Willie Anderson and
Horace Rawlins will play over it before
they leave California In April. •
The Redlands Golf Club has instituted
challenge playing, the ten best players
being ranked from 1 to 10, and any mem
ber with a lower number being permitted
to challenge the player next above him.
If the challenged player is defeated the
two change places, the winner being en
titled to challenge the one above his new
number and the loser being liable to chal
lenge from the one below him. Number
10 may be challenged by any member of
the club. This plan was adopted last year
by the Oakland Golf Club, where the first
forty or fifty members are ranked. The
"list of relative standing" read as follows:
C. P. Hubbard. E. R. Folper. R. M. Fitz
gerald. G. D. Greenwood. D. F. Belden. J.
C. MoKee. W. G. Cooke. J. A. Folprer. W.
P. Johnson. P. E. Bowles. P. G. Gow. F.
S. Stratton. J. M. Taft, S. McNear. H. J.
Knowles. G. S. Wheaton, W. M. Magee.
T. R, Hutchlnson. Arthur Goodall and
G. W. McNear. /This order has probably
charged somewhat. Among the ladles the
rank was: Miss Alice Moffltt. Miss Belle
Mhoon. Miss ' Alice Duff. Mrs. P. E.
Bowies. Miss M. Deane. Miss Lucy Mof
fltt. Mrs. O. F. Long. Mrs. R. E. Brov,-n.
Mrs. W. P. Johnson. Miss M. Jolliffe, Mrs.
O. Pierce and Mrs". C. O. G. Miller. Mrs.
H. H. Sherwood. Mrs. I> Grand C. Tib
betts. Miss ' Bee Hooper and Mrs. Fred E.
Maeee would now rank among the first
eight ladles.
BALL PLAYERS
ROUNDING INTO
PROPER SHAPE
Professional League Teams
Report for Duty and Are
Put to Work.
One week from to-morrow the baseball
season will begin. At Eighth and Harri
son streets San Francisco .will line up
against Oakland and In Sacramento that
team will meet the Stocktons.
All members of the clubs were ordered
to report on Tuesday for active practice.
This was done,', and' since that day the
ball has been tailing through the air and
the tats whizzing about the heads of the
fans in their preparation for the season.
The teams are formed and will be In fair
shape even at the Inaugural games.
The way the teams will line up on Sun
day, April 1, is as. follows:
San Francisco. Positions. Oakland.
i Iberc or - '• Beville or
Fltzpatrtck...". .Pitchers Steffanl
Schwartz...'........' Catcher Hammond
First base Hutchlnson
Re111y. .....; Second base Francks
BrockhoC .• Third base.. I.inße
bpenctr..... Shortstop Schmecr
Levy ;.. Lert Held Moskiman
Krus :....; Center ileld Drennan
Hildebrandt Hieht field Dunleavy
Sacramento. Positions. Stockton.
Doyle or . . Harper or
Saulsbury Pitcher Whelan
Stanley Catcher Pace
Hanion ..; First base Sslna
Stultz Second base Babbitt
JJevereaux '.....Third base Moore
Kgan Shortstop Lockhead
McLaughlln.: Left field Courtney
Shanahan.'.... Center field McHale
I>oyle or •
Saulsbury. • • Right field '. Morrow
¦ Schwartz, the new catcher of the local
team; appears to be" a good player, judg
ing from his practice, lie Is tail, atnlettc
and quick, Hesides being a catcher of
ability he Is said to shine as a coacher on
the lines.
Sacramento will engage In an exhibition
game to-morrow with a local team.
.The Sacramento management has been
bargaining with Shanahan during a couple
of. weeks. On Wednesday last the con- i
tract was signed.
Rube Levy is at it again. If his prac
tics work .jnay be used as a criterion the
old-timer will show up in his best form.
The Dudes are taking several doses of
flattery to themselves. They think they
are the team par excellence on account of
the fine array of field talent. :
The question of umpires Is causing
President Moran's hair to curl. He wants
Jim McDonald to stay out West this sea
son, and with that end in view has offered
him. a handsome salary. McDonald is
considering the' proposition.
The new change in the rules regarding
the position of the plate Is causing a great
deal of discussion. Instead of the old way
.with the diagonal . of the square plate
placed to the pitcher's advantage the
rubber will be fixed In the ground on the
square, allowing the pitcher a much
smaller space for strikes. This change
will quicken the game, giving the batter
the advantage.
At Eighth and Harrison streets this
afternoon the Fireman's Fund team will
meet Stanford University players. Both
teams will play their best men. The line
up will be:
Fireman* Fund. Positions. Stanford.
W. Hammond Catcher Strohn
Krug.. .Pitcher Lanajran
Follnnsbee.... First ba5e.....: Havens
Webber Second base Cowden
Dunn ..Third base Edwards
Schmeer Shortstop Loughead
Mosklman Left field ....Lowenthal
.T. Hammond.. Center field .Murphy
Butler Right field Symontls
IN THE FIELD OF SPORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , SATUBDAY, MABCH 24, 1900.
MORE TROUBLE
FOR TANFORAN
PARK PEOPLE
Chas. L. Fair, a Heavy Stock
holder, Disgusted With the
Management.
Not unlike Colonel Applegate's inter
rupted dream of wealth, another well
known turfman has suddenly discovered,
so current gossip says, that he la in pos
session of a gold brick. The writer re
fers to the young millionaire patron of
the turf. ChaFles L. Fair, who holds $30,000
worth of Tanforan Park stock. "When
Colonel Applegate. who. by the way. is
held in the highest esteem by all classes
of horsemen, was "handed" the field book
privilege at Tanforan, he listened to a
glowing account of the game in the far
"Western country. The Keatuoklan was
told California was a giant tree, bearing
ripe mellow fruit, and to juat bring a
basket along and shake the tree. Three
hundred and seventy-five dollars a day
secured the privilege, and now Colonel
Applegate thinks a large parcel of climate
was included In the cession.
When Tanforan Park stock was placed
on the market Mr. Fair, who has always
been a liberal patron of the turf, was
talked Into taking a large number of
shares. Everything, it waa represented,
would be congenial and pleasant. In fact
it would not be a one man track, simply
one big, happy family patterned after tha
one at the Chutes, ihen Corrigan as
sumed the dictatorship, and now a well
defined report says the shares of Mr. Fair
are for sale. Instead of being somebody
at the new course with something to say.
he finds, to put it plain, "that he is In bad."
Mr. Fair was placetl on tne board of stew
ards, surelr quite an honor, but hardly
worth $30,tlft). Mildly modest In his re
quests, the young - millionaire has been
Ignored and overlooked by the manage
ment as a tramp would be at the Paris
Exposition. Now his feet are cold and
he wants to take his shoes off. Can you
blame him?
Poor Tanforan '. Launched when the
elements were at unrest, amid con
fusion, bustle and many misgivings,
its troubles never • come singly. On
Friday "Mannle" Greenberg of han
dicapping fame secured a S3OOO
judgment against the association, with
several more in prospect. The quicker
Green, Corrigan & Co. discover that this
Is not Cicero township, with Us "cooler"
for the obstreperous, the more placid will
become the waters upon which their leaky
boat sails.
Prince Ponlatowski returned from the
East the other day, and everybody is won
dering how he will take the disqualifica
tion of his filly Ella Boland, which was
placed last by the Judges at the San
Mateo course on March 14. The race was
given to Corrlgan's St. Caslmlr, which
was beaten on his merits. It is regrettable
that when men of standing do become in
terested in- the business they cannot bo
assured of fair treatment.
That was a hard fall Charley Thorpe
received on Wednesday— one that will
shelve him for some days. The "old man"
is something after the style of Pattl. the
great songstress— he has been going to
retire for a long. time. It often happens
with Jockeys that accident follows acci
dent, and Charley might do well to make
this the occasion for his retirement. He
Is endowed with plenty of horse sense
and should make a capable trainer.
Barney Schrelber once told the writer
that he Intended to send Bannockburn for
the four-mile Thornton stake and then re
tire the big brown horse to the stud. Thi<4
may have been one of Barney's Jokes, and
It may not. At any rate when Bannock
burn went lame the St. Louis bookmaker
pinned his faith on Forte to annex the
stake, no doubt. Now Marley Klttleman,
chipper and springy as when here years
ago "wearing the spikes." looms up with
Weller. a most likely candidate. "Kit'
was never known to be left on the mark
when the checks were drawn, and It
would be Just his luck to land the Thorn
ton for the swarthy Islander, Sam Parker.
It has come to be an everyday affair at
Tanforan for a crowd to collect about the
judges' stand after every race in expecta
tion of seeing some horse disqualified for
a foul. In many Instances It has not been
disappointed. It does seem as If tho of
ficials down there carry things to the ex
treme. Bumping during the progress of a
race Is bound to occur, and unless palpa
ble on the part of the rider committing
the same It seems an injustice to set tha
horse back. Eagerness on the part of a
rider to win should not be discouraged,
but foul tactics should be tabooed. In
each Instance at Tanforan where a DOCK)
was "moved up a pesr" the ring ho-wlud.
claiming It hurt £«£»Sfg LHOIXAOTX
Men Cured.
COHSULTATIOH AND ADVICE FREE.
' Pay when well. ' Private book. d!a«-
.nosU sheets, etc. free, office or maU.
Home cures. Letters confidential. Es-
, tabllshed 19 years.
Dr.fleyers & Co.
731 Market St, S. F. -
5PORTABLE HOUSES.
BTJRNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
an.l lit sta.. Oakland, or Bntldera* Ex.. 3. F.
PILE.DRIVIVO ENGINES.
Worthington . Steam Pumps A ¦ Watsr Meters.
' Mundy ! Hoisting Engines. Ta turn & Bowen.
E.NGI>ES. BOILERS; ETC
BAKER * HAMILTON. Engines, and Boilers:
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE * . CO.. manufacturers, bags, tanta,
covers. Jl and 33 California at. I|ihi|Pi]lHT
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE CENSUS— D. v. D., Oakland, Cal.
For information in regard to : the taking
"of the next census address Vi letter 'of In
quiry to the' Director of tho Census,
.Washington, D. C. '* .
CALF OF MAN— S.. City. "Calf of
Man", ls the name that has been given to
the headland or cape of the Isle of Man.'
It r Is r : a , small ; y Island :on ¦ its - southwest
coast. \ "¦ •¦ , " ¦"" • - .- : - ;-v
i DIDNOT: CALL : FOB/ HELP— H. v 8..
LtJBRTCATTNC; Oil. Cmd« Oil and Oasolln*.
ENSIGN. A MeGUFFICK. 13 Spear st. S. V.
PLATES FOR SAVINQ GOLD.
Echaesletn & Burridge. . > Hardls- olace. off
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
F. W. BEIX, Central Plating Works. 833 Mls-
slon at.. S. F. Phone Jessie SCI.
Crockett, Contra Co3ta County, Cal.
There is no record' that either the Free
States of South Africa or the Boers ever
called upon the British forces for protec
tion. :.^aaaiUß!aß»awM WmHTIBw vflft'Wlßf
CAlataßY— Subscriber, "Oakland Cal.
Calgary Is the "county seat", of the Dis
trict of Alberta, Territory of the North
west. It Is located on the ; C. P. R., 840
miles .west : from .Winnipeg at the conflu
ence of the Bow • and I Elbo w, ; rivers. To
ascertain If an individual lives 'there ad
dress a letter of inquiry to "The Mayor
of Calgary. .. District : of . Alberta, North
west Territory."
HOMESTEAD DECISION— C. H., So
nora, Cal. The decision relative to home
steads declaring .that If the statement Is
not contained in the declaration that the
party : making ! the ' declaration is the head
of 'the -family,", even if the statement Is
therein J that he; resided with his family
thereon is void, was rendered November
1. ISO 9, and Is to be found In Fifty-eighth
Pacific • Reports of California Cases in
the case of Reed vs. j Engelhardt et al
BLACK ANTS-^-R.8., Watson vllle, Cal.
•'A "; few. leaves . of green wormwood scat
tered amonr the haunts , of black ants Is
said^tobe effectual in dislodging "the In
sects. It is also said that if; a plate on
which lard has been ; spread is set where
these insects congregate they .will, on ac
count of their fondness for this, 1 flock to
it and get caught. -When there is a suf
ficient number on the plate turn the plate
over a fire and destroy the pests and then
reset the plate," repeating. the process un
til all the ants have disappeared. .-
MAYOR PHELAN'S FLAG.
• Petaluma Argus.
The San Francisco Call strikes . Mayor
Phelan's municipal flag -j scheme . a hard
blow in its Issue of Wednesday. A double
column ? cut of- old >' glory- is ; printed. San
Francisco prides herself . on having the
best that's going, . but : she will ' hunt , far
and long before anything better is discov
ered than the grand old flag, which double
discounts all the special flags,' municipal
or . otherwise. I' iW ft WHi'm Jf ftHJ'ilJ '
CaL glace fruit 50c per tt> atTownsend's.*
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "Pudd'nhead Wilson."
It 'alifcrriia— Paderewski. Monday, March 24.
Cclcmbia— "Because She Loved Him So."
Tivcli— "The Idol's Eye."
Alhiimbra— "Three Musketeers."
Orrheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "The Grand Duchess.".
Chutes. Zoo ana Tfceater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveolns.
Fischn-B New Concert House— "ll Trovatore."
Olym; ia. corner of Ma.=on and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Western Turf Association — Races to-day.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
U/niXfU and Drake Amalgamators. In
IVKUUII operation daily; 1 i>-Hp. gaso-
line engine cheap. 9 Stevenson
st. S. F. .
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In' Operation Dally. (23 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
D^EDQINa PUMPS.
Oil.' Gasoline. Steam Hoists, Centrifugal Pump*.
EnglnesAßotlera. HendyMach.Wks..4O Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.
L. PETERSON. 544 A Mission. S. F. : communi-
cations from Inventors strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or' salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market sL
PUMPS AND GASOLINE ENGINES.
All kinds -of Pomps and Gasoline ¦En j!nt«.
WOODIN A LITTLE. 312 Market St.. a T.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All th« Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
, silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
CENTRIFUOAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES fine gold. In dally operation at tS4
Ing It. and thus throwing It open to the
world on equal terms at all times.
Considerations of this nature forbid a
demand by us to fortify the canal, ana
It Is safe to say that Secretary Hay. dur
ing the negotiations, never made such a
proposition; to do so would at once sug
gest the Inquiry of old Dr.- Catus, T«rhen
assured by Dame Quickly of the Integ
rity of the young man found lurking in
his closet: "Yes, but vat shall de honest
man do In my closet?" If this work is
neutralized, what do you want of forti
fications? Against whom are they to be
erected? Are not your navy and ours to
gether able to protect It against any other
maritime state that would menace Its
neutrality? Yes. against all the others
put together! Then why fortify? You do
not contemplate breaking the neutrality
yourselves. I would not insult you by
such a suggestion. Do you suspect us of
such a design? You surely would not so
insult us. Then why fortify? I know
no answer to this query, and I think there
Is none.
As to the choice then between neutraliz
ing and fortifying the canal it appears
to me that the guaranty of* the United
States and Great Britain, even if they
stood alone, would afford a better protec
tion to it than any possible- fortifications.
But they will not stand alone for the In
tention evidently Is to establish its neu
trality by the concurrence of all maritime
nations. And to make this Intent plain
and easy of accomplishment the terms
adopted for the purpose, by consent of all
the powers, as applied to the Suez canal,
are Incorporated in the text of the pres
ent document. No nation that agreed to
apply those rules to the. one canal could
refuse them to the other. Thus sanc
tioned the neutrality of both works will
become a part of the law of nations and
the power that would violate It would by
the act proclaim Itself a common enemy
and Invite the hostility of all. It wili
never be done.
I am tempted to press the argument
further and ask what possible good forti
fications can do? Protect the work
against attack? But this assumes it in be
come the theater of hostilities, and th<*
moment it becomes such it will be aban
doned by commerce and given up to the
uses of the hostile fleets which make It
their battle ground. For does any one
imagine that the approaches to the canal
will in such case be neutralized, while the
waterway Itself Is otherwise? Some
writers appear to suppose that we can
keep It neutral In all wars, except aueh
as the United States are parties to. and
an Instrument of war In them. This Is as
absurd as the other suggestion, for while
we might enforce neutrality In the ranal
Itself and its terminal ports, what about
the approaches to those ports? There you
are dealing with the high seas, the high
way of nations, on which we havr. no
right to constitute ourselves peace offlcerj
and where we would be unable to enferca
our mandate if we attempted It. Fancy
a maritime war and United States cruiser*
endeavoring to keep the canal open t;>
commerce by escorting Into and out of It
ships of either cf the belligerent powers.
How long wouta it take us to become In
volved In the war as principals? I repeat,
we have to choose between neutralization
and fortification, and neutralization is on
every ground preferable.
c c •" *.. , ..„**. JOHX T. DOYLE.
San Francisco. March 20. 19C0.
THE DUTY OF REPUBLICANS.
WHEN the operation of the McKinley tariff and
other notable acts of Republican legislation
during the Presidency of Benjamin Harrison
had brought about a high degree of prosperity
throughout the country, many Republicans became
so sanguine that the people would support the ad
ministration" in the succeeding Presidential election
that they neglected their political duties, took no ac
tive part in the campaign, and; trusted to the com
mon sense of the voters to re-elect President \ Harri
son. The result was a sweeping Democratic victory,
the enactment of the Wilson tariff and a period of
industrial depression and financial disaster, from the
effects of which we have not yet fully recovered.
The warning of that "experience should be enough
to rouse Republicans to action at this juncture.
Once more we have had an administration of pro
tection and sound money. Once more the factories
have been busy, work and wages have been abundant,
and a general prosperity pervades all classes of the
population. Once more every prospect of the time
promises a sure Republican victory .at the elections.
Once more there is every temptation to Republicans
to look upon the contest as a foregone conclusion not
worth while for a busy man to trouble himself about.
Are the similarities between this -year and 1892 to be
carried further still? Are we to have another year of
Republican over-confidence, resulting in' a Demo
cratic victory?
At this time it is the duty of every Republican who
has sufficient vigor to take an active part in the cam
paign to unite himself with a Republican club and as
sist in organizing it for effective work; These club
organizations ought to be effected in 'every county,
city, ward and precinct in the State. They should,
moreover, be formed in time to elect strong delega
tions to the convention of Republican League Clubs,
which is to assemble at Los Angeles on April 27.
Before the convention meets there, is ample time for
the formation of clubs in all localities where none
exist, and the election of delegates to represent them
in the convention, but there is no time to spare. The
work of organization, therefore, should be begun at
once.
Since the results of the over-confidence in 1892,
there ought not to-be needed any 'great amount of
urging to rouse Republicans to the performance of
their duty this year. There can be no incentive to
action more eloquent or more impressive than the
warning remembrance of those years, of hard times
resulting from Republican carelessness. This year
there should be activity, organization and co-opera
tion from the start.
POOLROOM GAMBLING CHANCES.
1~) EFORE the New York Legislature there is
r^\ now pending a bill designed to prevent pool
~^ rooms from obtaining betting quotations from
racetracks, prize-rings or any other event on which
bets are made. The main purpose of the measure is
to put an end to betting on races, for that form of
gambling has now become one of the worst evils^ of
the country.
Commenting upon the measure the New York
Tribune says: "Experts say that the average player
at faro, roulette or keno has a better chance to win
now and then and is not in so deep and miry a pit
as the frequenter of the poolrooms. The plain truth
is that a great deal of so-called racing carried on in
Louisiana, in California, in Illinois, in other States
of the Union, and even in the Empire State itself,
is kept up chiefly for the poolrooms, and is dishonest
through and through."
\ The experience of San Francisco with the East
ern track gamblers who have been trying to obtain
a renewal of the' former gambling privileges at Ingle
side track amply confirms the statement of the New
York experts. 7 " The track 'events which are adver
tised as races are virtually put up jobs to defraud the
public, or at least that portion of it that is foolish
enough to bet on the results. It would be just as ex
pedient to license roulette or faro games as the kind
of racing that is now provided by the track gamblers.
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP.
THE people of this city practically voted for
public ownership of public utilities when 'they
ratified the charter.
Like many other matters, this policy is believed to
be beneficial and to be capable of doing away with
many old vexations without causing new ones in their
place. It has been tried elsewhere, and those who de
sire to try it here are not left without the guidance of
experience. We find one expectation abroad that
will be disappointed. This is the feeling that when
these public utilities are. run by the Government the
people will have their use free of cost. ¦ Government
does nothing gratis. It protects life, liberty ; and
property, for a consideration, and is the sternest and
firmest of all protectors in exaction of its price.
When it runs the transportation, light and water
supply business of the city they will be run but little
differently from now. The Government way of ad
ministering public utilities may be judged by the way
in which it does those things intrusted to it now. It
has charge of the streets, sewers, Police, Fire and
School departments, of the courts and public charities.
If justice is promptly administered, the schools, police
and fire -service are above criticism, and the streets
and sewers always in fine order, we may anticipate
equal excellence in administering the public utilites
which the Government is expected to assume.
The city erects public buildings. If they are built
better and more .economically than private buildings,
and if their construction moves promptly, without
delay, we may expect the same economy and prompt
ness when the city owns all the public utilities.'. The
people have examples before them and can judge
for themselves. 'Let it be understod as a fundamental
principle that adding more duties to those already
ill discharged never yet produced reform. We are
satisfied that the people intend to adopt the policy
of public ownership. As it will cost a large primary
outlay, that will rest upon the credit of the city, there
should be ample assurance that it will produce effects
in our civic life that will more than offset the in
cubus of a large debt. Information on the subject
should be gathered from all available sources, for
when the step is once taken its recall will be diffi
cult, even if it prove unwise.
We believe Philadelphia is the only city that has
receded from this policy, when once adopted. She
owned her own gas works, and administered them
until the service became so bad and so costly that
it was found expedient to turn the plant over to pri
vate partiesr which was done, with immediate im
provement in the service and the cost.
But a backward step is always hard. The expe
rience of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Washing
ton and Chicago, in the municipal ownership of
water supply, demonstrates that public ownership
does not automatically purify water, make it plentier
or cheaper. These things have to come just as they
do under private ownership, by expert management
and close application of business principles.
The president of Yale has pointed out that under
public ownership the administration of public utili
ties will be in as few hands as now, if it is to -be at all
tolerable. The same skill will have to be found and
paid for as is now required, and unless this is done,
regardless of politics and in spite of partisanship, the
system will break down. As far as it can aid, The
Call will assist the people to a right conclusion as to
this policy by giving them exact facts upon which to
base their action. Many proponents of public own
ership make the serious mistake of discussing it with
prejudice toward the present owners of the utilities
to be taken over. This is wrong. The policy should
be adopted not for the harm it will do a few of the
people, but for the good it will do all of the people.
Chancellor McCracken of New York University
nnnonnces that one of the provisions made by the
donor for the administration of the much discussed
1 1 all of Fame is that no name shall be blazoned upon
its walls until it has been approved by a tribunal con
si?ti!ig of a hundred- historians or professors of his
tory. That beir.g so, there will probably be recorded
in the hall the names of more men who have written
history than of those who made it - - v
ROCKERS.
DfIfFKSC Hula-Hula Rocker: Centrifugal
nUWnCnj sand Pumps: Machinery. PARKS
& LACY CO.. n Fremont st. '
GOV. GAGE ON EXH I BITION.
"Willows Journal.'
' Governor Gage made a. display' of his
boortshness again. .At : a \ meeting of ;,the
Young Men's Republican League at Los
Angeles he roasted The Call and Chronicle
in" language that was beneath the dignity
of 'any gentleman on such an occasion.
A New York political expert who has just returned
from a tour through the South says: "Bryan is a
dead cock in the pit. I expected to find that he had
some strength fn the South, but I believe he is more
thoroughly squelched there than anywhere else."
That may be taken as a striking illustration of the
truth that a man finds what he is looking for. When
Bryan made his recent trip to the Southern States
he was greeted with enthusiasm everywhere. It . is
going to take air the force of another defeat at the
polls to kill the silver craze and eliminate Bryanism
from the minds of the Bourbons. .. \
If the report be true that our exhibition at Paris,
while exceeding that of any other nation except
France in quantity and number of goods displayed,
will be less magnificent than that of Turkey, it would
seem to be advisable to get our Sulu Sultan furbished
up for the occasion and put him on exhibition with
a star-spangled harem that will make a Turkish outfit
look like thirty cents.
. A report from Russia is to the effect that a "trust,"
having obtained possession of. an important business
and crushed competition, the Government was so de
lighted with the scheme that it confiscated the busi
ness and is now' running it as a . Government
monopoly. It will be perceived that in dealing with
trusts there is some. advantage in a despotism. .
A Columbus clergyman has hit upon the happy
thought of preaching his sermons by; telephone. He
has probably forgotten, though, that "central" can
materially restrict his sphere of usefulness by insisting
when he wants a • parishioner that the "line isbusy."
England thinks that American intervention in South
Africa is impertinence, but that American support in
China is gracious. .The opinions -.;- of. our elderty
cousin seem to be guided chiefly by what will bene
fit her; and her alone.
The San Bernardino youth who thought that it was
great fun to play highwayman and was-killed for. his
joke must have forgotten that - the . fool-killer makes
ithis business, as a rule; to be abroad.
... England has armed j the black "natives of South
Africa* at last." This action possiblyas preliminary^to
another protest from the British authorities • against
the-horrors of savage warfare, ..-.. . , -• . - > : ,
CONGRESS AND THE POSTOFFICE.
I—|OR1 — |OR the third time the efforts of Congressman
I Loud to put an end to the abuse of the second
rate mail privilege have been defeated. The
country should now demand of the majority against
the Loud bill the enactment of some measure which
will serve the purpose of putting an erfd to- the de
ficit in the postal revenue. The responsibility is upon
them. The administration, the Postoffice Depart
ment and the House Committee on Postal Affairs
have been thwarted in their efforts to check the
abuses that cause the deficit, and h is clearly the
duty of the opposition to- bring forward a -measure
of their own.
- We hear much in these days of the advantage of
governmental control of the operation of public
utilities, and yet we have in the management of the
postoffice a yearly deficit due solely to the annual
refusal of Congress after Congress to remedy plain
evils. If the National Government, which draws to
itself the services of the ablest politicians of the na
tion, cannot run to advantage so simple a business
as that of shipping mailbags and fixing rates of post
age, what is to be expected if it should undertake to
operate railroads?
There have been two measures proposed for getting
rid of the deficit By the method supported by Con
gressman Loud the postoffice would be placed upon
a paying basis by limiting to genuine periodical pub
lications the privilege of second class mail rates, as
it is known that the yearly .shortage in the revenues
is due to the practice of carrying cheap novels, ad
vertising pamphlets, quack medicine circulars and
other stuff of the kind for less than cost. The sec
ond plan is that of reducing the rates now paid to
railroads for hauling mail.- Either of the plans woukd
be good, but Congress will enact neither. When the
first plan is before the House the majority declares
itself in favor of the second, but when the second is
brought forward there is always a majority against
that also.
The shilly-shally policy of Congress in dealing
with the subject is the more exasperating because
many important and much desired postal reforms and
extensions are dependent upon it. * So long as there
is an annual deficit, we can hardly expect any con
siderable extension of the postal service to the peo
ple, and so the desire for one cent letter postage, for
a cheap parcels post, for the circulation of books from
public libraries through the mails and the establish
ment of postal savings banks will have to wait. Ear
nest as are the promoters of these various plans for
utilizing the postoffice for the general good, they can
hardly hope to succeed until Congress has provided
an economical administration of such service as the
department now renders. ' .
Such being the situation of affairs,. the people will
wait with some impatience to see what the men who
defeated the Loud bill are going to do to remedy the
eviL The issue is one to which Boards of Trade,
To ascertain the quantity of water !n a
well take half the circumference (In th<*
clear) and multiply by half the diameter;
multiply the result by tho depth, which
gives the cubic measure; then reckon six
gallons and one pint to the foot.
The charm of beauty Is beautiful hair. Secure
It with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hindercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 eta.
All persons afflicted with dyspepsia will find
Immediate relief and ' sure cure by using: Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters. .
A Commissioner who is going to Paris to set up a
restaurant for the purpose of instructing the people of
Europe how to make corn bread is reported in the
corn States to be engaged "in a work of the highest
beneficence to the poor folks of the Old World," but
their commendation would sound better if the news
papers of the section did not always add that the suc
cess of his enterprise will raise the price of corn.
Personally Conducted excursions
In Improved wide-Testibuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa. Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston, Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 62S Market street.
Preserving Telegraph Poles.
A new method of preserving telegraph
poles Is to surround the portion in th»
ground with an earthenware pipe like .-%
drain pipe. Into the space between th^
pole and the pipe Is poured a mixture of
sand and resin.
Special Information supplied daily ta
business houses and public men by tba
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. '
YELLOW WAR.
I *OR some time the yellow twins of Mr. Hearst
have been trying to alarm the country and call
attention to themselves by sensational publica
tions regarding the assembling of an American fleet
in Chinese waters. These bawling babies of journal
is-m have seen an encounter in those waters between
England and Russia, with the United States helping
England. So the weary drivel has gone on, day
after day. The lack of facts has been no hindrance,
for to the Hearst twins the invention of facts is a
craft that does not require even the use of "the long
est leased wire in the world." So they have cried
"war looms." and have published the register of the
American fleet assembled in those distant and dis
ttrrbed waters. On the 20th inst. they had the
Oregon, New Orleans, Newark, Monadnock, Castine
and. Atlanta '"off China" and ready for a swoop, fell
or otherwise. The same date the Navy Department
was notified by Admiral Watson, at Manila, that the
gunboat Wheeling had steamed for Taku, where she
wonld be relieved May 10 by the Concord, that she
may proceed to her patrol duty in Bering Sea. The
Wheeling is the "big squadron," the "formidable
fleet," the "warships now on the Chinese coast," all
by herself, about which the Journal and Examiner
have been in hysterics for more than a week.
Perhaps it is found necessary to divert public at
tention from the serious consequences of the Ex
aminer's discover}' of bubonic plague in this city.
That combination of lying sensation and official stu
pidity is costing San Francisco dearly, and it need
never have been except for the morbid desire of that
psychopathic paper for new sensation.
This manufacture of news cannot be too strongly
rebuked. A newspaper is supposed to reflect its politics,
its prejudices if you please, in its editorial columns,
and these are read with that understanding. But a
newspaper that is guided by the least sense of duty
to its readers in its news columns gives the facts 'as
they are, without invention or sophistication. Peo
ple read the ne;vs in a paper with a feeling of faith
and belief, which is not present when they read edi
torial opinions. Against these the reader is on
guard, but he is not guarded when he reads the news.
Therefore a paper which digests, dilutes, rejects or
invents matter for its news columns is guilty of the
most serious imposition upon its readers. The only
rule in handling news is to publish all that is fit to
print, and leave to tlie good sense of the reader the
digestion of the mass.
It is therefore a grave violation of the proprieties
and decencies cf journalism and a serious offense
against its readers for a newspaper to tamper with its
news. It was an offense deserving punishment for
the Examiner to cut out of its Washington dispatches
ell reference to Congressman dc Vries ift connection
with the big trees, the vote on the Porto Rico
tariff and the wood pulp tariff. It was a still more se
rious offense in that paper to invent bubonic plague
¦when none existed, and to persist in publishing San
Francisco as an infected city, to the damage of our
commerce and business. These fakes are now fol
lowed by the invention of a war in Asia between
Enpiar.d and Russia, with the Unite<l States standing
in with a formidable fleet, when there is no war and
tliis country has ordered one small 'gunboat to steam
to the Chinese coast.
Such journalism is a danger always. Readers- make
tip. their opinions from the reports of events which
they read in the papers as news, and when these re
ports are false, or juggled, or invented, the opinions
formed on them are of course unreliable.
AUCTION SAiES.
By W. G. Layng— Monday. March 26, at 10:30 o'clock.
Horses, at Ttl Howard Etreet.
By Kaj-tcn. El'sndce 4: Co.— Tuesday, March 27. at 12
©Mock, Keal Eftate, at 63S Market etreet.
EDITOR of The Call— There is much
misunderstanding in the public
mind as. to the merits of the Hay-
Pauncef oto treaty now before the
Senate.": lts opponents assume and
havb induced the belief that - the
Clayton-Bulwer convention, which' it
supplements, was Injurious to our Inter
ests and favorable to Great Britain. This
is Just the reverse of the fact, as recur
rence to its terms and the circumstances*
Tinder which.it was made will show. 1
was interested In and familiar with the
occurrences at the time; permit me to re
call them. •
The negotiations took place duftng the
winter of 1549-50. under President -Taylor.
Mr. Clayton was our Secretary of State
and Sir Henry Bulwer British Minister at
Washington. Great Britain was then the
most formidable power in Europe. She
possessed all the principal ocean transits
of -the old world, and her statesmen
seemed bent on acquiring those of the
new. Holding Gibraltar, Corfu and Malta,
she controlled the Mediterranean. By the
possession of Aden, at the mouth of the
Straits of Bab-el-Mandeb, she commanded
the Red Sea and the overland route to
the East. She held the Cape of Good-
Hope, the half-way house, by the ocean
route, to the same region and with It isl
ands and colonies all over. Singapore was
hers, in front of which passes all the
commerce of the farther East, through
the Straits of Malacca, and those of Tor
res were commanded by Cape York, also
hers.
In the Western Hemisphere, Halifax,
Bermuda, Jamaica and a long string of
Islands between it and Trinidad formed a
chain of naval posts along our Atlantic
Coast, and that of Central America, com
manding all access to the Caribbean Sea,
and enabling her to control the eastern
approach to the isthmus, and the entrance
to any possible intercceanic canal, bhe haj
within a short time seized the island of
Kuatan, on the coast of Honduras, and
had set up a protectorate over the Mos
quito Indians, a tribe living within the
boundaries of Nicaragua. These savages
she treated as an inuependent nation and
recognized their chief as reigning at Blue
fields, just north of San Juan del Norte,
In his name she had seized and held pos
session of the town and harbor of San
Juan, and he exercised the functions of
government, under the guidance of a
British Consul, accredited to him, but re
siuing at that last-named place. This was
done expressly to affirm his possession or
the place, and it was further supported
by the constant presence of a British gun
boat in the harbor. San Juan, under
stand, lies at the mouth of. the river,
which discharges the waters of the lake
into the ocean, and is, for a hundred and
twenty-five miles, to form the bed of the
canal. The Mosquito King thus claimed
and exercised sovereignty over the ter
minal harbor of the proposed canal and
for an undefined distance up its unin
habited banks, and this, under, the. pro
tection and with the armed support of the
foremost power of all Europe! For Eng
land was then at the zenith of her power
and prestige. "Her morning drum-beat,"
said Mr. Webster, "following the sun and
keeping company with the hours, circles
earth with one continuous and unbroken
strain or the martial airs of England."
She was the dominant power of Europe.
, 'The United States, on the other hand,
had a population of less than twenty-four
millions and merely the nucleus of a navy
and army. AYe had ju3t acquired Califor
nia from Mexico, but our. only access to
It was by the ocean voyage round Cape
Horn or the weary six months' "trek"
across the plains. Of all things we need
ed a short route to the Pacific, and the
mind of the nation Instinctively turned to
an isthmian canal. Its power, however,
was more . than , half : paralyzed by our
eternal anti-slavery controversy, 1 ; which
then and through all. the summer of ISSO
raged with unprecedented - violence. • •¦• Con
gress eat until the middle of September,
and Its debates were as acrimonious and
violent as those which preceded the Civil
War; they threatened the dissolution of
the Union. California was kept out of it
from December, 1849, till September, 1850,
all because of the slavery question. What
might or might not result from a serious
difficulty with Great Britain over Central
American affairs no man could foresee.
At that time the construction of the
Panama Railroad had been commenced
by a New. York corporation under a con
cession from New Granada, and a com
pany called the Atlantic and Pacific Ship
Canal Company, at the head of which was
Commodore Vanderbllt, had secured a
grant from the State of Nicaragua of the
right to build a ship canal across that
country. These parties desired the for
mal protection of our Government, or if
Eossible the joint protection of the United
tates and Great Britain, for their enter
prise, and this led up to the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty. In substance It provides
that neither nation shall ever obtain or
maintain any exclusive control of the pro
posed canal or erect or maintain any for
tification commanding the same or its vi
cinity; that neither will colonize, occupy.
fortify or exercise dominion over Nicara
gua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito coast or any
part of Central America, nor make use of
any protection, alliance, influence or con
nection of either with any State or Gov
ernment - through whose territory the
canal may pass, to obtain for its citizens
or subjects any rights of commerce or
navigation not offered on equal terms to
tho citizens of the other.
In case of war between the contracting
parties, vessels of either nation, travers
ing the canal, shall be exempt from block
ade capture, or detention, and both par
ties agree to protect the canal, when con
structed, from interruption.' seizure or
unjust confiscation. The object of all
thesje provisions was declared to be not
the attainment of a particular end, but
the establishment of a general principle,
which would be extended to any other
practicable communication between the
two oceans. Provisions are added for
neutralizing the canal and its terminal
ports and fpr inviting other nations to
unite in these arrangements.
There Is the Clayton-Bulwer treaty! It
was regarded at the time as a ' signal
triumph of Amercan ¦ diplomacy, and con
sidering the circumstances, justly so. Its
terms, far from being severe on us. were
ail in our favor, for It constituted Eng
land's final renunciation at all aggrandize
ment on this continent, south of the Can
ada line, and to emphasize this. ' the ex
cnange of ¦ its ratifications was fixed for
July. 4, ISSO, thus made' doubly the anni
versary of our independence. In pursu
ance of It. atter decent brief delay, Eng
land withdrew her Consul from San Juan
and her gunboat from the harbor; Nicar
agua quietly entered and took possession
pi the place. The Mosquito 1 monarchy,
deprived of British support, relapsed Into
Its original insignificance, and Americans
were left free to build the canal under
the joint protection of the two powers,
which was also extended to the Panama
railroad. The ' canal company failed to
obtain the money to build the work, but
did establish a transit line across Nicar
agua, by which thousands were brougnt
to California, down to lSsti. when it was
broken up by the Walker invasion of that
State., wnlch ruined the company.
The Clayton-Bulwer treaty thus deliv
ered us from all difficulties and compli
cations arising from questions as to sov
ereignty on the isthmus and left our
countrymen free to build the canal, under
the protection of both governments,
neither of which was\ to seek to obtain
any exclusive ownership of or control
over it. It was to be neutral, unfortified
and open on equal terms to the com
merce of the world. Nothiug could be
fairer or more liberal. It has been in
force fifty years, fairly observed by both
parties. Neither has withdrawn from It
or claimed that it is not as binding to
day as the day after its execution. It is
the law of the land and cannot be re
pealed by valiant speeches or defiant edi
torials—by nothing in short save the con
sent of both parties or an act of Con
gress. The progress 'of events since that
treaty was made has greatly modified the
conditions of this question. The com
merce of the world has vastly increased,
steamers have supplanted sailing vessels;
the size of ocean craft has been quad
rupled; Germany and Japan have been
added, to the maritime powers of the
world, and Great Britain, the greatest of
them, has got a ship canal of her own at
Sues, giving her easy access to her Indian
empiref and the Pacific, for which the
Nicaragua canal was once so desired.
She no longer needs or cares for it. The
other maritime powers want it. and we
most of all. England docs not care a but
ton whether we build it or not. To. us it
has become indispensable, not for com
mercial reasons alone but from, considera
tions of national defense and security of
the highest order. That is just where we
now stand. • . .
Some years since a company headed by
ex-Senator Miller was granted the right
to build the canal, and made elaborate
surveys of the route, on the basis or
which new construction plans were predi
cated. Recognizing modern changes, it
proposed a waterway capable of passing
vessels of the largest class. The com
pany having spent some five million dol
lars In preliminary work, demonstrating
the practicability of the enterprise, came
to Congress for assistance, and, for sev
eral successive sessions, bills for an Issue
of Government bonds for that purpose
were brought forward. These were, by one
device or another, delayed and postponed
until the company's right to do the work
lapsed. During all this time no suggestion
of fortifying the canal was heard, though
it was to be built with Gevernment
money. The objection was to private con
struction or ownership. More information
was asked and new surveys were called
for and ordered. Speaker Reed was op
posed to It and would not appoint a day
for its consideration. Mr. Cleveland was
hostile and General Harrison, though
friendly, rather lukewarm, and thus the
project languished. The Spanish war and
the Oregon's voyage around the Horn,
however, settled the last remaining doubt
in the public mind, and the present admin
istration has urged Congress to action, ac
cepting the idea of Government ownership
and control. This, of course, involved a
new convention with England to remove
the obstacle of our engagement to . the
contrary in the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
The surrounding conditions . had mean-,
time been so changed that no reason ap
peared why Great Britain should refuse
consent to such, and negotiations for that
purpose resulted in the Hay-Pauncefote
convention, to the terms of which I now
turn. They are in substance that England
waives her objection, based on the Clay
ton-Bulwer treaty, to our building and
owning the canal, with the understanding
that Its other provisions are not thereby
impaired.
The canal Is to be open to all nations
on equal terms; it is to be protected by
both powers against violence and is to be
neutralized so as never to become the
theater of hostilities between any bellig
erents whatever. The old provision not
to colonize, occupy, fortify or' exercise
dominion over the surrounding territory
Is not repealed and Is retained. I am
unable to find objection to any of these
provisions. The suggestion that if we
build the canal we should be at liberty
to protect It against attack by fortifica
tions is plausible, but a little reflection
will show that it is plausible only. It. is
not consistent wita the agreement that
the canal shall be neutralized and placed
under the protection of the powers. Neu
trality and fortification are oovlously In
consistent with one another. Neutralizing
a particular district or territory, though
an outgrowth of modern civilization. Is
not a new thing In history. Belgium was
neutralized by agreement of the European
powers in 1533; her territory has never
since been the scene of hostilities though
before that time it was called "the cock
pit of Europe." Most of the great battles
of the French and English wars of the
eighteenth century were fought on what
is now Belgian territory, which has prob
ably absorbed more human blood and en
tombed more human bones than any. equal
area in Europe.
Slnce its neutralization not a shot has
been fired there In anger nor a blow been
struck. ~ Sedan, the greatest battle the
world has witnessed since Gettysburg,
was focused within five miles of the Bel
gian frontier, yet In the heat and confu
sion of that dire encounter and rout her
neutrality was respected by both bel
ligerents. Not a man of either army
crossed the line (though only marked by
a row of monuments) any more than If it
had been closed to access by a solid wall.
Switzerland has been neutral ground by
treaties at least since the peace of 1814.
and with like universal respect to her
boundaries. As late as 1863 the lonian
Islands, when ceded by England to
Greece, were neutralized by general
treaty; but preliminary to neutralization
the fortifications were directed to be de
molished. And why? Simply because neu
tralization forbids hostilities while fortifi
cation is a- distinct preparation for them;
the two things are entirely Inconsistent.
The nation that agrees to neutralize the
canal and at the same time proposes to
fortify It practically Intimates Its expec
tation, at some future convenient time,
to violate Its agreement for neutrality. .
And again consider "how oft the sight
of means to do 111 deeds makes deeds ill
done!" and the old proverb that the "op
portunity is what creates the thief."
Fortifications erected on or commanding
the canal would necessarily be under the
command of some military officer, prob
ably of - inferior rank. -whose - zeal might
easily, in case of a sudden call, outrun his
discretion- (as happened to Commodore
Wilkes, in the Trent case) and involve us
in hostilities, arising: from a violation of
our treaty obligations. * Even If we were
willing to trust' such persons impllcity,
we could not expect other nations to do
so. And thus we are driven . to make a
manly choice between fortifying the
canal, and \thus. closing It to. commerce
during every maritime war or neutrallz-
SATURDAY. 1 . . . .' MARCH 24, I9*>
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
Pi:nL.ICATIO> OFFICE. .Market »nd Third. S. F.
Telephone Main ISOS.
KDnoHIAIi H00H5....'/17 to 221 Stevenson. St.
Telephone Main 1574.
»eltvered by Coprler«. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Mn;;l«- Coplen. .'» Cents.
Terms by Mall. Inclndlnjj Hoitacei
DAILT CALL unciudlr.K ?unflay). one year $8.00
IJAM.Y CALX, 'Including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
I'A.'L) 1 CALL <lncludlnc Sunday). 3 mouths I.M
:>AII-T CAI-L- By Single Month 6So
BDKDAT CALL, One Tear 1.50
VKKXL.T CALL One Year 1.00
All pottoiailer* are nnthorfzed to receive
nnbscrlptlouß.
Facjp!* ccr'«"* will l>« forwarded when requested.
OAKUM) OFKICE 111S U road way
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efceraan House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Honse; Auditorium llcteL
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
¦Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81 Union Squkra:
Murrey Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
BItAXCH OFFICES — ZT7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
vntU 9:20 o'clock. SOO Hayes, oten until 8:30 o'clock. 658
J'cAlllster. open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
»:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1098
Valencia, cpen unt.l 9 o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until
8 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second ana Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock.
By John T. Doyle.
treaties and Negotiations That Throw Light on the Big Debate
Now Going On in Congress.] .
¦ :.-":: T. ";¦¦¦¦¦', ¦¦"¦¦¦> • ¦ ' ' ' . ¦ ¦ '
SHALL THE NICARAGUA CANAL BE FORTIFIED?
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; MARCH 24, 1900.
Chambers ¦ of; Commerce and industrial organizations
might well give attention. A cheap parcels post and
lower rates 'for letters are matters of common con
cern, and it would be easy to attain them if Congress
would adopt either or both of the plans that have
been proposed in the direction of economy. Perhaps
a little : urging from such bodies might prompt to
action at Washington, and, at any rate, .the urging
should be given in order that -Congressmen may un
derstand what the country thinks of the matter.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
\ GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savins Macalne. 1» P"f>l-
sem street. Oriental Uas Ensclne Company.
OOLO' SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. 133 Ist.
MATTFSON'S SLUICE WASHERi
Long torn, riffles and carpet combined saves
• placer gold. VAN WINKLE. <13 Market st.
GASOLINE ENOINES.
HERCXTLES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is filltna;
many orders for Nome.^ Hl-H3 First St.. 8. F.
v - OROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
Outfits racked. IRVINE BROS.. »70 Howart.
*SS Fourth. 1302 Polk and 1441 Stockton. 8. V.
LIQUORS-
WHIQIi'FV k- CAHEN & SOU, .
TVIIIOIVLI 41S Sacramento.
OILS
6¦ft/ "1 A 1.1, Kerrous Diseases— Failing Mem-
. fc/ —*1 on. Bleeples«iieas. etc., caused toj o»or
JJf work and Indiscretion*. They ijuirkiv
\ % £)( A ami tmrrlu restore Lost Vitality Id old
[\ '~T or youac. and fit c man £cr emdy. bnni-
K rf7>V =s A^ bom or pleasure. Pretsnt Insanity ani
TJB^fa£aS>Oonsemptloa 1! taken in time. Their
ooevbowsimmadlatfl improvement ana effect a CURB
riirm il! other* (nil. lniiist upon having the genuine
Ajax Tablets. They faav» coitx! tbons&cds acd will
core yon. We rive a positive written ruarnntce to ef-
fect a core In each c&ro or rnfojid the money. Price
CA ntc »° r packa?«, or six pnekages (full treat-
9Utl9t mentl for $3. 50 br mail, la plain *rsp»er.
oaon rwonipt of pric«. Clrciilarafre*.
AJAX REMEDY CO., 7 %83&W-
Tot aale In S. F. by Leipnits & Co., No Per-
ceDtage Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. S. V.. Oakl'd.
MB?k CHICME3TEFVS ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
M,~<»*X Original and Only Genuine.
AJl>*£». *" CIUCIHiSTEK'S ENGLISH
ir-K^jPSX In nr.l> »nJ Void mrt.Kie boiu. .«le.l
TTV 2 pK*3;«tbWiieribboo. Tnke no other. Rcfuia
iTi *""• *'a*<ear»n* and Jiulta-
\ I ~ fjj tlo««. B«j of yeor Druiccm. «r wsnd 4c. la
I ¦»• iff ««»l» for Particular*, Testimonials
\T»* f? "4 "ReJ!*T fur l,it«lle»."»>»Jt«er,br re-
_-X If tura Mall. 1 «,O«lO T-.timonl»l«. goldby
~ v ; '« •nnr« M l.t». <hlil.r.l-r(litml«l<»,
KeoUoD lili i»r«. M*4lsoa t* «u»rc. 1*1(1 1.A., FA.
NOT A RIVAL IN SIGHT!
The beauty of our laundry work
makes rs justly proud, 'and we 'feel 'like
crowing every time we see the superb
color and finish on the shirts, collars
and cuffs done up by our methods.
United States Laundry. Offlo>
1004- Market? Street '
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office, 614 Eleventh St
nI PP n fill I I Corner Fourth and
VniL nUIHL^-ov^.^i
Valises checked frM.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SAT.). MARCH 24.
rarrjuet. 2»c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Children,
10c, any part.
AN ABSOLtTELY NEW BILL.
Waiter Jones and NormaWhaltey
In a Comedy Scream.
MIFFES McCOY and SAM MARION: W. C.
KIFLIjS: WESTON and YOST: NIELSEN
BISTERS: IMPERIAL MOORISH ACRO-
BATS: HOWARD THL'RSTON; FLATOW
er.d DUNN.
iMr. and Mrs. Sidney Drew,
la "When Two Hearts Are Won."
* a § w OL> 1^
FINAL MATINEE TO-DAY
And Last Two Nights of
THE IDOL'S EYE !
NEXT \A/EEK!
The Musical Extravaganza,
"MANILA_BOUND I"
POPULAR PRFCtS— 2Sc and sOc.
FIRST MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON.
Mark Twain's Beautiful Play,
PUDD'N
HEAD
WILSON.
Mrs. Edwin F. Mayo's Superb Company
And the Splendid Actor. ! BURR McINTOSH.
By Far the Best Performance Ever Given
in America.
ALL OF NEXT WEEK.-
ALL OF NEXT WEEK.
ALL OF NEXT WEEK.
Excepting Monday Nleht, March 26th.
Next Monday...... PADEREWSKI.
The box with the perforated seal—
The name on the mantle-
are two ways of telling the genuine
' JYIANTLE*
A brilliant light and a long life
are two other ways.
Once used, always used.
See that you get the genuine.
Sold everywhere. Price, 50c
MERCHANTS TO
CITY'S RESCUE
They Will Tell the True Story of
the Plague Scare Begotten by
a Lust for Lucre.
Big Meeting of Commercial Bodies to Be Held,
at Which False Reports of San Fran
cisco's. Health Will Be Set Right.
, "Just . flnel" : cays every ; lady } who ases
Anrvo Theatrical Cold Cream. Druggists.*
KEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—RE-
modeled and renovated. "; KING,' WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, soc to II 59 day;
%S to $8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.
Serious Illness of John Allen.
John Vide;: Witt v Allen, V- the' prominent
capitalist r and clubman, is • seriously ill,
and it is feared that his mind is affected.
He has been t removed •¦ from his quarters
at " the Pacific Union : Club to a private
sanitarium in Alameda County. Mr. Allen
is a son of the late General Allen and in
herited a' large estate.: : ;\
B In next Sunday's Call will B
8 appear a full page of repro- B
tt ductions from the best work Q
Oof San , Francisco artists — Cfr
$ scenes that they consider the $
$ most beautiful bits of local 0
jj color. This page will prove a q
q gem for all who appreciate £
g the artistic efforts of Calif or- -^
~ nia's talented painters.
rt« ffn rt"\ M& "*i r^^ f^ P™ r^ Cs_H>*
They All Go There.
Lftdtea on shopping expeditions, business men
and out-of-town visitors | are always found at
Zlnkand'e; be»t meals, service and music; • ~:
Transvaal National Hymns.
As one means of raising money for the
benefit fund for widows and orphans of
Boers who have fallen In battle against
the British the Transvaal committee In
this city has procured the publication of
the Transvaal national hymn, the words
being translated Into English by Charles
D. South. The hymn has been sung in
San Francisco by Miss Sannie Kruger, a
niece of Oom Paul. The song is of Inter
est because of its historic character and
merits consideration for itself as well as
for the cause In which it Is now being
sold. Mr. Souths version of the words is
strong and vigorous and well expresses
the patriotic fervor of the original.
CHUTESJ^D ZOO.
TO-NIGHT—
LAnJiWAljll lUlNlftol !
SUNDAY AFTERNOON,
WILL KOX WITH HIS BROTHER OVER
THE CHUTES LAKE. .. V -
peats br Phone Park 2S.
In the Divorce Court.
Judge Hebbard yesterday ordered An
drew L. Hall, captain of the steamer
Walla Walla, to pay his wife. Margaret A.
Hall, alimony In the sum of $60 a month
pending the disposition of her action for
divorce. Sophie A. Becker has sued George
F. Becker for a divorce on the ground of
desertion.
TOMMY CHANDLER
MISSED A CHECK
But Was Paid His Expense Bill on
Another Voucher Just
as Good. •
The trial of the suit of the Government
to recover $16,000 from Stanley Willey and
Henry Farmer, bondsmen for O. M. Wel
burn as disbursing officer for the internal
revenue service in this division; occupied
the attention of United States Circuit
Judge Morrow and a Jury yesterday. It
is expected that the case will go to the
Jury to-day. :
Thomas Chandler, a deputy collector,
was shown a check for Jl2 30 as expenses
for the month .; of . November, 1894. and
drawn in his favor.- It was indorsed "W.
H. Dlllard." Mr. Chandler swore that he
had never . received the check ; nor any
money upon It. His expenses for that
month were paid on another check.
Clyde Welburn testified that his absence
of more than three months In 1596 was
charged . against" the vacations to which
he was entitled for 1596 and 1595,' he not
having taken any vacation in 1595.
O. M. Welburn occupied the stand dur
ing the whole of the afternoon. With ref
erence to the allegations that he had kept
C. - W.'Atken's ¦ name on the. payroll when
Captain John -E. Youngberg was do^n^
the work, the witness said that Special
Agents McLaughlin and Thomas knew at
the time that that was being done.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Elaborate Modern Production.
15c, 25c R %l^ D 35c, 50c.
NEXT WEEK— A, M. Palmer's Comedy Sue-
"auntlack."
Now in Preparation,
...."QUO VADIS"....
Nobmann Family Disturbance.
John C. Nobmann. Deputy Sheriff in De
partment 4 of the Superior Court, was ar
rested yesterday on a warrant charging
him with disturbing the peace. The com
plaining witness is Mrs. Hannah Nob
mann, Flllmore and California streets.
She Is the defendant's stepmother, and on
Thursday night he is Bald to have gone
to her house and raised a disturbance.
She is the beneficiary under the wiir of
her deceased husband, and his children
have filed a contest to the will.
An outfit for Cape Nome Is not complete
without a fur blanket. H. Llebes & Co.,
furriers, 133-137 Post street, will furnish
you with the proper article at moderate
price. ' •
ANOTHER HOLE KNOCKED
IN THE NEW CHARTER
Judge Cook Decides That the State
Law Governs Issuance of
-;> " Bail Bonds.
San Francisco's new charter is begin
ning to look like the bottom of a colan
der. Still another hole was punctured in
the local organic law yesterday by a de
cision handed down by Judge Cook, in
which he held that the provision of the
charter making it mandatory for all bonds
for the release of persons charged with
crime to be secured by property In this
city and county and for the same to be ac
cepted by the bond and warrant clerk be
fore the prisoner could secure his release
was null. M.. Less, charged with obtain
ing money under false pretenses, appeared
before Judge Cook yesterday on a writ
of habeas corpus, sworn out on his be
half by a friend. His attorney, C. C. Na
gle, said that he had presented a bond to
the bond and warrant clerk for the re
lease of the defendant, but the same was
refused on the ground that the bondsmen
qualified by virtue of their possession of
property In the State, but not In the city
and county. Argument on the writ fol
lowed and Judge Cook decided that the
State law, which makes valid all bonds
legal and sufficient on which those quali
fying own property of sufficient value
anywhere In the State superseded the pro
vision of the charter and bond* in such
cases could only be accepted by the com
mitting magistrate or other Judge of
equal or superior jurisdiction. Judge
Cook instructed Nagle to present the bond
in question to a court of competent Juris
diction and in event of its non-acceptance
the writ would issue as prayed.
Later in the day the bond was present
ed to Judge Mogan. who accepted the
same and released the accused from cus
tody.
SCHOOL CENSUS WILL
BE TAKEN NEXT MONTH
Board of Education Appoints Forty-
Three Marshals — Sykes Made
Vice Principal.
The Board of Education yesterday ap
pointed R. E. Lame chief deputy to Cen
sus Marshal Elbert and the following as
sistants:
J. J. Harrison, Charles Flynn, William J.
Ferris, William Page, John A. Fay, L. Cooper,'
F. Molloy, William Magner, James Flynn, W.
J. Miller, Joseph F. Plunkett, W. J. Donlon,
F. J. Foster J. R. Rochford, Phillip Wand,
Frank Magner. James A. Code, John Foley,
Daniel Kyan. T. E. Preble. W. Bauman. Rob
ert L. Pork. I. Swartz, L. Popper. William
Mackey, Peter Beanston, G. D. Leslie, Samuel
Darron, Jerry Sullivan, J. F. Cronln. N. Sulli
van, M. F. Orme, D. H. Vekoe. M. Farrell.
A Marks, J. E. Tucker T. F. Meagher. H.
I Rodrleue, ¦P. F. O'Brien, A. A. Oliver, J.
J. McManus, J. H. Woodward. Harry Westphal.
¦ The taking of the school census will be
commenced on April 16 next and will be
completed April 30.
James B. Sykes was temporarily re
lieved from the pfincipalship of the Spring
Valley Evening School and appointed to
the vice principalshlp of the Horace Mann
Grammar School. J. H. Foulkes was ap
pointed to succeed Sykes.
®g*ssßsM®
WWOBW3&St
The derangements of
the female organism that
breed all kinds of trouble
and which ordinary prac-
tice does not cure, are the
very things that give way
promptly to Lydla E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Com-
pound.
Uterine and ovarian
troubles, kidney troubles,
ulcer at sons, tumors, un-
usual discharges, back-
aches and painful periods
—these are the Ills that
hang on aitd wreck health
and happiness and dis-
position.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHARLOTTE CORDAT.
her execution, with quill In hand looking
out earnestly from behind her prison bars,
has done much to hold popular judgment
in equilibrium. Was this sad-eyed, pure
faced young girl who deliberately took the
life of Marat a murderer or 1 a heroine?
She would undoubtedly have figured as a
classic, a feminine Brutus, in
"the glory that was Greece,
The irrandeur that was Rome."
But in this unimpaesloned twentieth cen
tury, looking' coldly back upon the fever
heat which burned itself out in France
100 years ago, who shall say whether
Charlotte Corday was sent by God to
avenge her country? In other words,
should the heroes of history be judged by
the standards of the day in which they
lived or gauged by modern criteria?
The youth of Charlotte Corday, like that
of Joan of Arc, was of the kind that fos
ters introspection, feeds imagination and
prolongs childhood Indefinitely. It was*
not 'mid her flocks on the hillsides, but in
the cloistered seclusion of tho abbaye—
Aux Dames — founded at Caen for the
daughters of the poor nobility by Matilda,
wife of William the Conqueror, that Char
lotte Corday's mystic self-communings
took on that personal shape which beck
oned her to her doom. Here she devoured
whatever books came to her hand, absorb
ing greedily whatever savored of patriot
ism and equality of rights. While her mind
was in this vortex of ill-chosen reading
news reached her of the Increasing in
famy of Marat.
Marat, head of the Mountain, the ed
itor of the revolutionary- press, upon
which so many republican nopes had
been founded, the Incarnation of all that
was evil in the French revolution, had
by means of unparalleled atrocities
raised himself to the highest power in
his party. Danton and Robespierre, the
other members of this terrible triumvi
rate, were unable to satisfy Marat's un
quenchable thirst for blood. Incorrup
tible in money matters, he was neverthe
less one of the vilest of mankind. No He
was too monstrous, no atrocity too san
guinary, to debar his hideous progress.
His brain was turned by his immense
power. Even his adherents abhorred his
leprous body and livid leer, refusing to
sit near the blood-crazed demoniac whom
they had raised to power. He it was who
urged the. lmmediate execution of Louis
XVI and called upon his constituency to
kill 200 000- adherents of the old regime.
He even wished to reduce the convention,
the republican organ of the Government,
one-fourth by this same cruel measure.
The Girondists, who had forced Louis
XVI to become a constitutional king, had
been entirely superseded by Marat's ul
tra-revolutionary party, known an the
Jacobins. And now Marat's venom was
turned against the Girondists and he an
nounced in his Journal that 300,000 of their
head" were necessary to consolidate the
liberties of France. Surely if it ever were
right for men to usurp God's prerogative
of summoning a soul to the other world,
such a scourge upon mankind as Marat
would seem to justify the deed!
Upon the suppression of the convents
by the national convention Charlotte Cor
day returned to her home at Caen. Well
read in ancient history and versed In the
more modern principles of political econ
omy, she had expected the Girondists to
bring about an ideal- pure republic. When
Marat expelled them from the convention
Charlotte Corday, at the head of the
young girls of the city, went out to meet
those returning to Caen, and presented
them with crowns and flowers. \V lth her
father she attended their Indignation
meetings, but was disgusted by their
pusillanimity. Volunteers were called for
upon the field of Caen to lead an Insur
rectionary movement against Marat, but
so intimidated were they by Marat s lim
itless power for evil that but thirty re
sponded to the roll of the drum Then
Charlotte Corday realized for the first
time the terrorizing power of the head of
the French Government. . If he could
make so nerveless these men whom he
had wronged, he must rule by right of
terror alone, and she, Charlotte Corday,
who knew no fear, would rid her country
of this law-murderer, and Justice and
peace would return. It is said that at
first she debated with herself whether
France should be relieved of Marat or of
Robespierre, but the call of the former
for 100,000 more guillotine victims, com
bined with the testimony which the pro
scribed Girondists brought back to Nor
mandy, determined her to seek out Marat
without delay. - ¦ •/
¦ She accordingly set forth for Paris, tak
ing no one into her confidence, but deter
mined to shoot Marat in the midst of the
Assembly. Finding that s she could not
carry out ' her ~ intention of killing him
before the people, like the classic heroines
nity, losing her Innocent serenity but
once, when Fouquler-Tinvllle insinuated
that she could not have killed her victim
so successfully had she not been accus
toming her hand to it. "Oh, the wretch!"
she exclaimed, in an astonishment that
took the courtroom by storm. "H© takes
me for an assassin!" When the president
then asked how she could reach the heart
at the very first blow, she replied: "In
dignation had aroused ray heart and
showed me the way to his." The presi
dent tried to induce Charlotte Corday's
counsel to plead insanity, but she urged
premeditation so strongly that the presi
dent again tried to save her by omitting
in his charge to the Jury the clause, "with
criminal and contra-revolutionary de
signs." He was arrested and tried for
this suppression a few days later; but hla
efforts were unavailing, for she was con
demned to immediate execution.
While M. Haver, the artist, was painting:
her portrait the gendarmes entered with
the red robe which murderers wore at
their execution. She displayed no hesita
tion in putting it on. There was nothing
of the savage virago or coward about her.
for she was uplifted by the though*-that
by shedding- ,*he blood of one man and giv
ing up her' own In penalty therefor she
had saved the blood of thousands of her
countrymen. Robespierre. Damon and
Desmoulins, who 'had stationed them
selves on the road to the guillotine, were
amazed at her peaceful ana majesticcalxn
nes;. so unlike that of other victim:*, who
ha«l not quailed before tfce guillotine. y*t
had kept up their spirits with patriotic
sreeches and songs. A deputy from May
ence lest his reason — no uncommon ihin^
during the reign of terror— at si?ht of her
rc£-robed teauty, radiant In the 3'inset,
and rrquested to be executed immediately
afterward that he might join "the woman
greater than Brutus" in another world.
111-* re-Quest was granted, but Charlotte
CorUay never knew of his singular Uevo
ti.ni
Sh« rcr.-iir.**-. 1 . the same unflinching calm
on the scxtfioM and showed no emotion e.x
c«>pt that cf wishing to hurry the execu
tioner after he had arranged her clothing
for the guillotine. A minion of Marat's
struck her face a blow when the execu
tioner held it up to the mob, and it la a
well attested fact that she blushed and
looked with amazement upon his imper
tinence.
Charlotte Cordav's sacrifice fild not
bring 1 about the results for which It was
made. Upon tire death of Marat, who
would have died in a few months of his
loathsome diseases, the blood of Prance
flowed more freely than ever; in fact. It
was followed by some of the worst
atrocities of the reign of terror. David's
portrait of Marat with gaping: wounds
was exhibited on an altar in the
Louvre, and then in the convention, and
kept streams of blood flowing "to the
shades of Marat." For four dreadful
months the ax. grapeshot and drowning
"purged society" of thousands of its mem
bers. Finally friends and foes combined
to overthrow Robespierre and the end for
¦which Charlotte Corday had srlven her
life was reached at last. Of the wisdom
of her deed there are many grave doubts:
of her beauty, sincerity and purity of
character there is no question.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
AGAIN AN EXORMOUS SALE.
MONDAY NIGHT WILL WITNESS
/\ Brilliant Assemblage to Hear
7
THE WORLD'S GREATEST PIANIST.
MONDAT NIGHT. March :6th.
WEDNESDAY AFTERN(X)N. March Mth.
FRIDAT AFTERNOON. March 30th.
MONDAY AFTERNOON. April 2d.
Reserved Seats-$1 60. |2. S3. Jt.
Now on Sale at the Box Office.
NOTE.— S*-ats can be secured by parties living
out of the city by tetter or telegraph.
MATINEE TO-DAY!
LAST TWO WKEKS OF THE SEASON.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
The Grand
Duchess,
MONDAY EVENING
'•EL C/\F>IT/\IN."
PHONE MAIN 6JS.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
G-iod Reserved P<-at in Orchestra, Saturday
Matins, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY!
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME!
Charles Frf.tirr.an Presents William Gillette's
Greatest Comedy Triumph,
Because She ¦%.
Loved Him So -•
With J. E. DODSON and Original N*. T. Cart.
NEXT MONDAY. The Comedian,
VUILLIIB COLLIER
In his own Farce Comedy.
"mR. SMOOTH." CEAIB SELLIJCQ.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
PAYMASTER DOWNEY
ATTACKED BY INSURGENTS
Beaten Sack After an Attempt to Rob
the Pay Wagon on a Steep
Mountain Trail.
News was received yesterday from Ma
nila of an exciting fight between Pay
master George F. Downey and his clerk,
Jerome Clark, and a band of Insurgents,
who sought to rob the pay wagon. Ma
jor Downey, with Clark and an escort
from Captain Davis' company of the
Thirteenth Infantry of fifteen men under
a corporal, was on his way from Candon
to Cervantes to pay a detachment of the
Thirty-third Infantry, which was near
Cervantes. The paymaster had over ten
thousand dollars with him. The party
had passed Salcedo, where they were told
the country beyond was clear of insur
gents, and were proceeding up a steep
mountain trail, when from both sides of
the trail the insurgents opened fire.
It was a complete surprise, but the es
cort deployed on either side of the wagon.
Major Downey and Clark drew their re
volvers and joined the troops, and for a
few minutes there was some lively
fighting.
The escort had no cover, nor could they
get any, for the Insurgents occupied the
rocks and underbrush on both sides of
the trail, but in spite of that they all
escaped without injury. The fusillade
came to an abrupt end by the with
drawal of the insurgents. They carried
their wounded with them, but they left
live dead by the trail. The paymaster
and his party proceeded on to Cervantes
without further molestation.
Major Downey is well known here In
San Francisco. He is a volunteer officer
who was assigned to duty with the head
quarters of this department in June of
1898. He served here for thirteen months
and then In July of 1599 he was ordered
to Manila, where he has bee.n since. His
clerk, Jerome Clark, is also known here
as an employe of .Wells. Fargo & Co.
While here he was a noted shot with ' a
rifle and revolver, and It is probable he
joined in the fight with a willingness that
had its effect upon the casualties.
UNION LEAGUE CLUB
NAMES A DELEGATION
Members Appointed to Represent
the League at Los Angeles
Convention.
The Union League Club committee on
political action met yesterday afternoon
to choose fourteen delegates to represent
the club in the State Republican League
Convention, at Los Angeles, April 27.
The delegates chosen were: Lieutenant
Governor Jacob Neff, Speaker Alden An
derson, Attorney General Tirey L. Ford,
J. C. Campbell, J. M. Gleaves. William M.
Abbott. Frank Coombs, D. E. McKinlay,
M. M. Estee, Thomas KJrkpatrick, Thom
as Flint Jr., George D. Clark, Daniel T.
Cole and Charles C Patton.
A. G. Booth, president; S. J. Hendy, sec
retary, and I. \V. Hellman Jr., treasurer,
of the Union League are ex-offlcio dele
gates. The delegation will therefore con
sist of seventeen members.
Tirey L. Ford, chairman of the com
mittee, predicted a big convention, as the
opening gun of the Presidential campaign
in California would be nred at Los An
geles on April 27.
H. Z. Osborne of Los Angeles, chair
man of the committee on transportation,
paid that the rate given to the Kn'ghfi
Templar would apply to delegates to tho
convention. This is a one and one -third
single rate for the round-trip.
Tirey L. Ford presided at the session of
the committee. The members attending
were: M. M. Estee, C. F. Bassett. J. M.
Gleaves, J. C. Currier, A. G. Booth, Part 3
Kilburn. Alden Anderson. J. H. Neff, 11.
7j. Osborne and T. L. Ford.
AS was to be expected, the scare over
the bubonic plague raised by the
Board of Health of this city has
had its effect upon the business in
terests to such an extent that the
merchants have decided they must put
the matter plainly before the country.
At the time of the discovery of the first
sick Chinaman, it was' then the desire of
the press and the city officials, with the
exception of the Examiner and the Board
of Health, to let the matter rest until it
was seen that the city was infected, be
fore such news was given out. The Ex
aminer forced matters, however, and the
impression of its startling headlines here
and their reflection in the Journal in New
York was that San Francisco was in
fected. As a matter of fact it is not and
never has been infected, and this the
merchants want the country to know.
The matter has been taken up by the
Board of Trade. Its first step will be to
call a meeting of the various commercial
organizations to arrange for the wide dis
semination of the true- facts of the case
and. a refutation of the false reports that
reflect on the health of the city. •
A. A. Watkins, president of the Board
of Trade, has the matter in charge. He
says he hopes the newspapers and the
news agencies will support the mer
chants in their endeavor to have the true
state of affairs made known. President
Nelson of the Chamber of Commerce and
President Sbarboro of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association are both in
favor of- holding the meeting, and they,
too, hope for the support of the news
agencies. *
No date for the meeting has so far been
fixed, and there is no definite plan of ac
tion except that something must be done
or the reputation of the city will serious
ly suffer. It is possible, too, that before
the meeting may be called it will have
been decided to enlarge its, scope so as
to include all the members of all com
mercial organizations of the city.
The general sentiment among the mer
chants is that the whole affair has "been
a play to the grand stand and serious
only as it affects the business of the city.
Other contagious diseases, they point
out, are taken to the r Pesthouse without
ceremony or sensation, but in the case. of
one suspect the whole town is practical
ly quarantined, sensational reports are
sent out all over the country and the mer
chants have to pay the bill. They believe
the game has gone far enough and they
are going to have some say in the matter
themselves.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
HEROINE OF THE REIGN OF TERROR.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton,
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES F"OR GIRLS.
BY CHARLOTTE BREWSTER JORDAN. ¦
VI. CHARLOTTE CORDAY.
(1765-17&3.)
Marie Anne Charlotte Corday d'Armans.
known to history as Charlotte Corday.
was born at Orne in 1768. Her life was
devoid of incident; her history lay in the
events leading up to her self-chosen death.
An example of cne of the many abnormal
accidents of the unnatural conditions en
gendered by tho French revolution, she
would probably long since have been con
signed to oblivion were it not for tho ro
mantic interest aroused' by the appeiling
portrait painted a few hours before her
execution.' The artist, Haver, privileged
to paint this* portrait upon, which the
later idealized pictures have been founded,
bears willing- testimony to the dlgnliled
simplicity of character and sweetness cf
soul which irradiated a countenance nat
urally beautiful. There is no doubt that
hers was an unusually lovely type of
beauty, quite different from that inva
riably ascribed to all sensational hero
ines who pay the death penalty. It is
probable that her most popular portrait,
painted by C. L. Muller, representing her
in the white mob cap made especially for
in the plays of her great-great-uncle,
Pierre CorneHle, she decided to purchase
a new weapon with which to dispatch
him at his home, for Marat was too ill
to go any more to the convention and ad
mitted no visitors. After buying a sharp
knife of a cutler she persuaded one Du
perret, a Girondist, to take her to Marat's
house; but both were denied admission.
She then wrote two notes to her victim,
declaring with the abnormal cunning
which the most simple-minded seem to
develop upon occasion that she had Im
portant secrets to disclose to him. Re
turning in the evening, she gained admit
tance while Marat was In his bath. Re
ferring to the Girondist Deputies- of her
neighborhood, he said that he would have
them arrested and executed the same day,
whereupon Charlotte OGrday plunged th«
knife, which she had concealed In her
neckerchief, Into hla heart.
Having achieved what she achieved to
be a commendable action, she refused all
opportunities of escape and calmly await
ed arrest. She was not only willing but
anxious to sacrifice her life for the good
of her country. She was alarmed, how
ever, at the attacks of the infuriated mul
titude, who would have undoubtedly torn
her to pieces had she not been ably pro
tected by the Chief of Police. "Not that
I feared to die," she said, "but it was re
pugnant to my woman's nature to be torn
to pieces before everybody."
Before the revolutionary tribunal she
showed the same calm and modest dig-
HIGHLAND LIGHT
DISMASTED IN A
HIGH CROSS SEA
Bound for Nanaimo for Ha
~ waii and Put in Here in
Distress.
Missionary Barkentine Horning Star
to Run to Cape Norne — Steamers
Gaelic and Carmarthenshire
Sail for the Orient.
?
There has been some heavy weather
along the coast during the past fortnight,
and in consequence several vessels have
made port the worse for wear. The steam
schooner Tillamook was among the num
ber, and she is now repairing damages In
Oakland Creek. About the time the
steamer was in trouble the bark Highland
Light was catching It oft Humboldt Bay.
A fresh easterly gale was blowing and a
very high cross sea running. There was
in consequence a great strain on the
standing rigging and the foretopmast
backstay carried away. Almost immedi
ately the foretopmast went by the board
and took everything attached with it. The
main from the topgallant mast up fol
lowed the foretopmast. leaving the bark
practically dismasted. Captain McLure
decided to run for San Francisco in order
to make repairs and after much maneu
vering reached port yesterday afternoon.
The Highland Light was on her way from
Nanaimo. B. C, for Lahaina, H. L, with a
cargo of coal.
The American ship A..G. Ropes is ready
for sea and will probably sail to-day.
There is a great scarcity of A. B. s on the
coast and in consequence the Ropes had
to pay an advance on the regular deep
water rate in order to secure a nrst-class
crew. From here to Honolulu, where the
Ropes goes to load sugar for ' New York,
the rate is $25 a month, and from Hono
lulu the rate to New York is or was $20
a month. The Ropes pays $25 a month
clear to New York, and in consequence
Captain Rivers secured the pick of the
men on the beach. *
The missionary barkentine Morning Star
has changed hands, and instead of sailing
for the southern seas with a band of mis
sionaries next month she will leave for
Alaska with gold hunters. She has been
purchased by Captain Sherman, late of
the whaling steamer Thrasher, and with
her the ex-whaleman proposes to make
for a new diggings in the frozen north
known to him alone. Captain Sherman
has been very lucky as a whale hunter,
and now he boldly asserts that he is going
after something better than blubber and
will come home a millionaire.
The Morning Star is an auxiliary bark
entine, the mainmast being hollow and
serving as a funnel. A larger vessel is
required by the missionary society, so the
Morning Star has been sold and a new
vessel built in the East is now almost
ready to take her place. The Morning
Star is in Oakland Creek, and Captain
Sherman intends to begin at once getting
her ready for the voyage to the frozen
north.
The schooner Bowhead is going to
Nome. The old whaler has been pur
chased by Captain W. Newhall, and he
is going to take a party to the gold fields
in ncr next month.
Three bjjr ships to exceed the Arthur
Sewall. Erskine M. Phelps and Edward
Sewall by 500 tons are to be built by the
Sewalls next year and put into the New
York-San Francisco trade. The new
clippers will be of steel throughout, and
the contract for the material has already
been let.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
Gaelic and the Santa Fe Company's Car
marthenshire sailed for the Orient yes
terday. Both vessels had all the freight
they could carry. The Kosmos liner
Hathor was to have sailed for Europe via
Central and South America, but was de
tained until to-day, owing to the non-ar
rival of some of her contract freight. She
takes away every ounce of cargo she can
carry.
The collier Ben Mohr, which struck on
an uncharted rock in Oyster harbor while
on her way here, went on the drydock
yesterday for an overhauling.
TMJii SiUN . jtuajnuisuu CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 24, 1900.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FIFTH IiEETING. Men. iZ to 24. Inclusive.
:-!x b:r!'.-c!ari running races every week day.
rain or ebloe. beginning at 1:10 p. in.
Tii* ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa>
trons e:ep directly from the, railroad cars Into
a cupetb grand stand, crlaas-lncloced, whtrc.
comfortably housed in bad weather, they can
tr.ji-y an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townnend streets at
i:00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. ra. and 12:11. 12:35. 12: M
*nd 1:21 p. m., returning immediately after
Just race at <:<! p. m. Seats in rear cars re-
»erved tor women and their e*cortft. No smok-
ing. Valencia street. 10 minutes later.
Ban Jose and Way Stations— Arrlv* at San
Bruno at 12:4 i p. m. Leave Ban Uruno at 4:00
and 4:45 p. m.
RATES — San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track, t1.25.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
PHONE SOUTH 770.
toinTcht,
MATINEE TO-DAY,
LAST TIMES OF THE GREAT SUCCESS.
mf*. HfIRRY Gl^f\jClE.K
And Hla Excellent Company in a Beautiful
Production,
THREE MUSKETEERS.
SEATS NOW READY.
PRICES— Even in*. 15c 25c. 35c. 50c and 75c
Matinee. 15c, 25c, 25c and &0c
FISCHER'S
NEW CONCERT- HOUSE,
122-124 O'FARIIELL STREET.
E. A. FISCHER Prrprtetor
GEORGE MOOSER Maiatfer
The Handsomest Music Hall in America.
HUNDREDS TURNED AWAY NIGHTLY.
A Quartet. of Celebrities In the Fourth Act
from "II Trovatore"; Hlnrlrtia' challenge or-
chestra. ADMISSION' 10c Strictly Ilrat -class.
Cafe unsurpassed.
? 4.
Matinee To-Day,
Lydla E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
T| 1 ¥ i /"»¥} Located on Market
I ALALh s feet. In close
i V r\ ness section, places
A 111/ of amusement and
„._. . , » TW v depots: un rooms.
¦IK A Nil wlth baths at -
Ultiini/ tached. The largest
and finer* hotels !n
IJA'Tpni Pthe ivorld. Amerl-
ilU i EL j^ a n n and European
has a wonderful record
of absolute cures of these
troubles — a constant
series of successes for
thirty years m Thousands
of women vouch for this*
Their letters constantly
appear in this paperm
• «iii«lll»Ml»«ll«lll«M.w l r
iBEECHAM'S:
:: PILLS
| The Best and Safest; |
; i Family Medicine :!
| , ¦ FOR ALL , [
I Bilious and Nervous Disorders ; |
< Sick Headache, Constipation, |
' « Weak Stomach, Impaired Di- ; ;
< gestion, Disordered Liver and J
j | Female Ailments. ; ;
: : The World's Medicine; :
i Annual Sole Exceeds 6,000,000 Boxes.' - i
1 ' 10 cents and 28 cents, at all drug stores. | |
1 ' Peecham's Pills have the largest sale of ' ¦
1 any Proprietary Medicine in the world, and '
1 ¦ this n&t Men achieved - , |J.
; 'Without the publication of testimonial*' J
wl Ily 1 1 1 »l 1 11 11 xl 1 1 «l 1 1 wC.
7Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, March 23.— May wheat opened %c
under - yesterday at 1 65%@65%e, : depressed \by
lower cables and r the record-breaking size of
Argentine shipments. - The -cash 'business done
yesterday— 3so,ooo bushels— during to-day's ses
sion was increased to 600,000 bushels and this
fact; A together with the : corn X and ' provision
strength and ' the moderate receipts, • caused a
rally which carried May to Us?ie. The close
was firm, • May .%c under • yesterday - at* 65%@
65% c. Trade during . the greater part of the
session was rather quiet. , • '. '
The corn market after a period of depression
turned strong. The ; heaviness :of wheat : was
felt early, but later covering by shorts caused
a* sharp reaction. Buylng'by Interests • which
have , recently been supposed to ,be taking
profits Inaugurated the sharp rally, : which
stopped only with the end of the session. . May
closed. %c up. . -.. _ ¦• . '. ' . ,
-Trade In oats was small : and such firmness
as the market : showed was ; In ; sympathy with
corn. , May closed a shade improved.
y-r The - provision ' market * was •¦ strong ¦ and gen
erally : active. , lending some of :Us strength to
the grain markets. •.< Receipts' of • hogs under
the estimate, higher prices ,at -the i yards,'- bet
ter cables and a ; sharp ! general cash i demand,
together with covering I by ' shorts, . were I influ
ences. ¦*:- The small . stocks | also I contributed Ito
tbe , support, bringing < In considerable outside
Bradstreet's on Trade.
X , ___ #
NEW YORK. March 23.— Bradstreefs Review
to-morrow will say: Some of the irregularities
are visible In the general trade and Industrial
situation, the results of the working of counter
currents In various lines, but taken as a
whole the general outlook retains the most en
couraging features noted for some time past
In these columns. Reports are favorable as to
retail distribution and as to collections from
Southern, Western and • Northwestern markets
due to better weather. , Continued good rail
road returns, record-breaking merchandise ex
ports from New York, with signs of a re
sumption of heavy shipments of . iron to Fu
rope and good wheat and fruit crop reports
except from the Central West, are also feat
ures. An unfavorable element Is the predic
tion of a general strike of machinists, but it
Is possible more than Its proper weight has
been ¦ given this threatened trouble. As off
sets to this condition, might ¦be cited the
settlements of differences 'among 1 - the ¦ lake
ore handlers, a vital, point in the Immense
business looked , for. the coming spring and
summer. , Advances in wages of • soft i coal
miners, of stove molders and of other -work
ers allied to the Iron and, steel Industry would
seem to ' point ¦to labor : conditions retaining
most of ' the favorable features which « have
made them subjects of * favorable v remark ' on
the present prosperity wave. ¦ ¦ , -
Foreign demand • seems likely to play a moat
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables ; — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
Ntw York Exchange, telegraphlo — 20
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars 48%' 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Chicago was . unchanged. Liver
pool was lower and dull. Argentine shipments
were 4,300,000 bushels. Chicago reported 500,000
bushels of No. 2 winter worked for export. For
eign advices depressed the Chicago market, but
there were more buyers than sellers, and . the
elevator men were free buyers.
. Spot quotations in this market were lower,
but futures were about the same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 95®96%c: milling.
97%c<851. •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May— 4ooo ctls,
97% c. December— lo.ooo, $1 03%: 18.000. $1 03%. .
Second Session— December— lo,ooo ctls, $1 03%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 4000 ctls,
97% c. December— l4,ooo. $103%; 2000, $104.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 97% c. De
cember—2ooo. $104. •
BARLEY— It Is the same old story of a stag
nant and unchanged market.
Feed,' 75c for No. 1 and 65@72%c • for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 800
S7%c; Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— There is nothing new to report, sales
being small and not numerous.
White, U 10©l 30; Red. 85cS$l 17%; Gray.
$107%@115: Black. 97%c@$l 05. **
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 97%c®
$1 02% per ctl_ and Eastern Yellow at $l@l 10;
mixed. $1471. 03 per ctl.
RYE— 97%e@sl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The Carmarthenshire took for China and
Japan 12,520 barrels Flour.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6003 75.
usual terms; bakeru' extras, ¦$3 4003 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25® J per barrel.
MILLSTUKFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the : trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; • Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour. $7;- Corn Meal. $2 60-
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 23@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. «;;•
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. J3 to'
Rolled Oats (barrels), $«®7 25; in sacks. $3 75Q
7; Pearl Barley.' ss; Split Peas, 15; Green Peas
$b 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions. The
market, ls qnlet and well supplied with every
thing. - . ¦'
HicAN— sl2@lS per ton. . •
MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton..
FEEDBTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $15@17 per
ton;' Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26jf27; jobbing
$27 S0<828; Cocoanut Cake, $20^21; Corn Meal
$23.©23 50; Cracked Corn, $23 50© 24; Mixed Feed.
$15 50; Cottonseed Meal, nominal. . -
HAY— Wheut, . $7@9 , for .common -to good;
$b 60 for- choice and occasionally . $10: Wbeat
and Oat. $5 60@9 ; \ Oat. ; $6@B ; Barley. $5©7; Al
faUa. $«@7 50 per ton. • t
STRAW-25635C per; bale.
Beans and Seeds.
', Beans continue firm and in demand at the ad
vance already noted. ¦ '¦' < , . - •C ¦ \
: BEANS— Bayos. : $303 25; small : White. $3 25®
S 35; 'i large : White, -$3 10®8 20; ; Pinks. $2 75©
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. March 23.— Prices of stocks to-
C&y made continual but unavailing efforts to
etand up under the weight of heavy sales to
realize profits, but in the majority of In
ttances the l&st prices are below those of last
night. The whole list wa.s at one time higher
than last night and several stocks or groups
of stocks made a chow of aggressive strength.
But this «-emed to be due largely to manipu
lation to sustain the list in the interest of
those who were selling to take their profits.
This v.as notably the case in Baltimore and
Ohio preferred, which was pushed up nearly
2 poir.tji above last night. While the preferred
was thus rising heavy selling continued in the
common stock. All of those stocks which have
bwn most heavily bought in the last few days
were most largely sold to-day. Selling orders
came not only from the board-room traders,
but from outside sources, and London reversed
Its position of yesterday. London bought
pHg-htly of 6ome stocks, but the balance of
transactions on that account was on the side
c: sales. This had a decided sentimental In
fluence on fcpecuittlve opinion, as great hopes
were aroused by London's active buying that
sustained supjx>rt would be accorded to the
market from that source. There was nothing
In the nf»« of the day to afford a clear ex
planation of the weakness beyonfi the natural
£et.ire to UJce profits. The local traction stocks
thowed Borne positive weakness and were
something of a drag on the market as was
Sugar. The local tractions were sold on re
nt-wed apprehension that a heavy tax would
L< levied under the new franchise tax law.
A sudden spurt to 164 1 i by Metropolitan after
having sold at 160 a few minutes before caused
rallies in this group, steadying the whole mar
ket. The weakness In Sugar was due to the
explicit announcement that recent negotiations
for a compn :r.ise of the trade war had been
abandoned. The Iron and steel stocks con
tinued dull and rather heavy on account of
the machinists' strike. There was some ap
prehension early in the day that the rate for
loans to carry over Monday would cause a
{•inch In the call money market, but this fear
proved groundless. Money continued In good
supply up to the close. The cash changes for
tbe weeic on various accounts t.u estimated
so nearly balance that the fate of the surplus
reserves will depend upon the changes In the
loan account. Tbe Bub-treasury has com
menced to disburse the premium on Govern
ment bonds deposited for conversion Into the
new 2s and as a consequence the lesses by
the banks tor the week on sub-treasury opera
tions are reduced to $1,187,000 and this Is al
most offset by receipts of gold from Canada
and other points. The shipments to the In
terior ere almost exactly offset by the re
ceipts. The profit-taking In governments has
tended to the reduction of loans of the banks,
but the renewed activity on the stock market
has created a demand for new loans. The
• otion of the money market Indicates that the
banks are well within their limit of legal re
serve*.
The bond market was lesj active than yes
terrtay an.l yielded at some points In sympathy
with stocks. Total sales, par value. $2,555.000.
United States 2s advanced % and the re
funding 2g, when Issued, declined % In the
Lid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
sold. bid.
2».3i0 Atchieon 25%
21.40T Atchtson rrefd 69S
l!».3G0 Baltimore & Ohio 7Hi
Canadian Pacific 95^
1.C26 Canada Southern &0H
26.fcS0 Cherapeak- & Ohio 30'
2.GSO Chicago Grrat Western isrj
4.570 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 127%
1.000 Chicago Ind & Louisville 2J
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 64%
1,600 Chicago & East Illinois 99^
100 Chicago & Northwestern ]62
6.4C1 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 11l
2.17 a C O C in Xt Louis 61%
2.600 Colorado Southern „ H
215 Colo Southern Ist prefd 45
SOO Colo Southern Id prefd U
&00 Delaware & Hudson US
l.S^iQ Delbware Lackawanna & Western.. 182
3.6D0 Denver & Klo Grande jiu
1W Denver & Rio Grande prefd 73U
Erie ; ijij
1,699 Erie lsfprefd gs£
838 Great Northern prefd Uli
COU Hocking Coal 17U
CS4 Hr-cking Valley 35
600 Illinois Central 124
li* lowa Central .. 141*
300 lowa Central prefd Jl4
_ Kaiirai City Plttsburg A Gulf 17^
800 Lake Erie & Western 22W
Lake Erie & Western prefd .• Ks^
, Lake Shore 1»4
9.650 Louisville & Nashville M>i
IMIO Manhattan L 94J1
IJ.CIO Metropolitan Street Railway 164
I.GRO Mexican Central 1414
4'fl Minn & St Louts 65'
100 Minn & St Louis prefd 95%
J0.9J5 Missouri Pacific «7* 4
600 MoliHe & Ohio 47%
300 Mi&souri Kanras & Texas 10%
4,«W Missouri ICancaM & Texas prefd 54%
I.OCO New Jersey Central 117
1,440 New York Central 135%
U.4M Norfolk & Western 37%
210 Norfolk & Western prefd 77%
*JOS Northern Pacific 66%
EASTERN MARKETS
THE STOCK MARKET
NEW YORK. March 23.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
Ings at principal I cities ' for the week ended
March 22, 1900, with percentage of Increase and
decrease,- as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentages.
Cities— . Amount. Ino. Dec.
New York ......$1,024,273,409 .... 19.5
Boston 110,415,307 15.9
Chicago 121.733,791 2.9
Philadelphia 84.010.729 7.9
St. Louis 29,314,184 • .... 6.9
Plttsburg 27,573,340 .... 12.0
Baltimore 19,329,947 41.9
San Francisco 15.537,430 2.2
Cincinnati 15,456.350 15.0 ....
Kansas City 12.556.152 24.8
New Orleans 10,047,460 10.9
Minneapolis 10.004,239 28.5' ....
Detroit 7.932.33S • 10.4
Cleveland 9,234,404 11.7
Louisville 8,589.726 18.6
Providence 5.948.000 .... 1.4
Milwaukee 5.237.581 15.3
St. Paul 4.231.546 .... 4.8
Buffalo 4,406.430 .... 20.4
Omaha 6.674.379 62.4
Indianapolis ' 6.133.652 5.0
Columbus, 0 4.028,000 18.7
Savannah 4.545.449 216.2
Denver 4.624.590 41.5
Hartford 2,379,773 .... 6.7
Richmond 3,249,162 .... 3.S
Memphis 2.391.793 13.9
Washington 2.535,218 6.4
Peoria 2.025.233 5.4
Rochester 1,9fi0,348 .... 4.1
New Haven 1.148.580 .... 20.9
Worcester 1.255.498 .... 28.2
Atlanta 1,977,099 42.4 ,
Salt Lake City 2.239.739 42.7
Sprlncfield, Mass... 1.047.C30 .... 35.8
Fort Worth 1,516,828 13.5
Portland, Me 909,320 34.4
Portland, Or 1.710.323 24.0
St. Joseph 4.097.635 81.1
Lop Angeles 2,265,995 36.6 ....
Norfolk 1,553.649 28.1
Syracuse 1,072.635 2.3 ....
Dps Molnes 1.263,715 2.4
Nashville 1.335.421 18.8
Wilmington. Del... MW.OSS 29.4
Fall River 715.997 .... 24.3
Scranton 1.138,115 ' 15.0
Grand Rapids 1,171.797 17.4
Augusta. Ga 1,232,676 41.4
Lowell 473.402 .... 34.2
Dayton. 0 1.251.400 46.1
Seattle 1,943.579 ....
Taeoma 899. 153 26.2 ....
Hpokane 1.256.232 20.9 ....
Sioux City 557.747 11.4
New Bedford S9I.SPS .... 56.1
Knoxville, Term 469.555 8.0
Topeka 6?6,65S 29.4
Birmingham 813,496 ,74.0
Wichita 639,564 12.7
Blnghamton 415.400 24.6
Lexington. Ky 440,410 30.1
Jacksonville. Fla... 312.496 30.0
Kalamazoo 395.352 25.5 ....
Akron 440.900 6.2 ....
Chattanooga 376.378 89.2
Rockford, 111 394.184 26.6
Canton. 0 250.800 9.1 ....
Springfield. 0 259,726 9.2
Fargo, N. D 245, x50 6.0 ....
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 141,122 1.4 ....
Hastings, Nebr 174.388 17.5 ....
Fremont, Nebr 182.144 127.6
Davenport 6 92.561 .... - 2.1
Toledo ; 2.039.633 38.3
Galvcston ...'. 4.425.000 26.8
Houston 6.917.805 10.0
Springfield. 11l 554.912
Helena 660.559 23.8
Evansvllle 868,493 49.6
Macon 693.000 42.2
Little Rock 453.542 45.1
Youngstown, 0 304.408 8.3
Totals, U. S $1,598,258,218 .... 14.9
Totals outside N. V 574.954.509 .... 6.3
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $12,557,178 18.2
Toronto 9,295,420 3.2 ....
Winnipeg 1.654,081 9.1
Halifax..- 1,300,598
Hamilton 651.768 .... 8.5
St. John, N. B 696,306
Vancouver 7M.316 20.2
Victoria C 53.573 13.6
Totals $27,412,575 .... "iTs
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat-- * • Mar. May. July.
Opening 5 9 6 8%
Closing . 6 8% 6 8
PARIS.
Wheat— Mar. May- Aug.
Opening ..20 00 20 85
Closing
Flour-
Opening 26 05 27 00
Closing '.
Chicago Livestock Market. '
CHICAGO, March • 23.— CATTLE— Receipts.
2000. Generally stronger. Natives — Best on sale
to-day, $5 40; good to prime steers, strong to
shade higher. $4 85®5 80; poor to medium, steady
to firm, $4@4 75: selected feeders, steady. $4®
4 75; mixed Btockers, about steady. $3 50@'3 85;
cows, weak, $3@4 15: heifers, steady. $3 lOiffl 60;
canners. weak, 10@15c lower, $2 10@2 80; bulls,
weak, 10c lower, $2 60@4 20; calves, steady, $40
6: Texas fed steers, '¦uotably stronger, $3 So@s;
Texas bulls, weak, $3«?3 60.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 20,000; to-morrow, es
timated. 15,000; s(gloc higher, closing strong.
Top, $5 25; mixed and butchers, J4 905 5 23; pood
to choice heavy. J5 05fi5 25: rough heavy. $4 90
@5; light. $4 65® 5 10: bulk of sales. $5 05@5 20.
SHEEP— Receipts 20.000. Sheep and lambs,
steady to strong. Good to choice wethers, $5 60
©6; fair to choice mixed. $4 75®5 60; Western
sheep. $5 40®6; yearlings, $6®6 50: native lambs.
$5 25@7 35; Western lambs, $4@7 35.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. March 23.— There was a fair at
tendance at the wool auction sales to-day. The
number of bales offered aggregated 1319. Mer
inos, which consisted mostly of scourlngs,
went to the home trade. American buyers were
the chief competitors at prices against sellers.
Poor greasy wools sold at 7% per cent below
the opening of the series. Good wools, suitable
for America, sold at unchanged prices. There
Portland's Business
PORTLAND, March 23.— Clearings. $288,678;
balances, $43,149.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. March 23.— 1n the local wheat
market most of the exporters are In difficulties
about quoting over 63c for Walla Walla and
some sales of valley was made at that figure.
At the same time 64c was possible for Walla
Walla. There Is very little offering, farmers
apparently being too busy . with ' work, . on the
farms. • - - " ,
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA." March 23.— Nothing doing In wheat
and prices nominally unchanged; blue stem,
63% c; club, 60% c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. March 22.— Consols, 101 18-16; sil
ver, 27%; French rentes, lOlf 35c®101f 40c; car
goes on passage, rather firmer; cargoes. Walla
Walla. 28s 4%d.
LIVERPOOL, March 21— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, steady; .flour In Paris, steady;
weather In England, dry and cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands, fi 15-32 d.
CLOSING..
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 spot northern
spring, 6s 2%d: futures, steady; March, nom
inal: May, 6s B%d; July. 6s Bd. -
CORN — Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
3s 9%d; American -mixed. 3s 10% d; futures,
firm; May. 3s 9%d; July. Ss 9%d.
: 1.860 Northern Pacific prefd 75%
9,000 Ontario & Western 24« i
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
80.640 Pennsylvania 138%
3<W Reading 18ii
4.100 Reading Ist prefd 681»
2,600 Reading 2d rrefd 30%
Rio Grande Western J3%
Rio Grande Western prefd 91
J75 St Louis & San Francisco 10%
100 St Loufs & S F lft prefd 69%
1.&30 St Lculs & S F 2d prefd 36
6.500 St Louis Southwestern 12%,
25.600 J-t Louis Southwestern prefd 31%
7.625 St Paul, ex dlv — 122' s
7.625 St Paul, ex div 171
St Paul & Omaha 112
19.155 Southern Pacific 39"i
23,190 Southern Railway 14
ti,750 Southern Hallway prefd 69' i
9.700 Texae & Pacific 17%
M.160 Union Pacific 63»i
3.W0 Union Pacific prefd 75»u
Wabash j 6%
ZOO Wabash prefd 21
2,600 Wheeling & L E 11
10.955 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 31%
200 Wisconsin Central 17%
Express Companies —
100 Adams H5
American 147
United States 46%
Wells. Fanjo 122
Miscellaneous —
300 American Cotton Oil 33%
American Cotton Oil pre'd 93Vi
American Malting S
American Malting prefd : 24\4
2.065 American Smelting & Refining .. 40
400 Am Smrltlng & Refining prefd 92%
American Spirits Tn
American Spirits prefd 17
200 American Steel Hoop 34%
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 81
6.055 American Steel & Wire 55Vi
American Steel & Wire prefd &S%
100 American Tin Plate 32%
American Tin Plate prefd 52%
7,230 American Tobacco 107
American Tobacco prefd I.IS
1.600 Anaconda Mining Co. 43%
40.8 en Brooklyn Rapid Transit 6S l i
6.020 Colorado Fuel & Iron : 4S'«
825 Continental Tobacco .. — 31%
Continental Tobacco prefd SJVi
4.875 Federal Steel LO%
445 Federal Steel prefd 75'
6,139 General Electric 129
Glucose Sugar 51%
Glucose Sugar prefd 9S
1.010 International Paper 20%
1,425 International Paper prefd 63%
Laclede Gas 70
100 National Biscuit 35%
National Biscuit prerd 90
200 National Lead 24%
National Lead prefd 103%
2.159 National Steel 4V»
National Steel prefd S3'i
New York Air Brake lS3'i
«25 North American 15' i
225 Pacific Coast 61',-i
Pacific Coast Ist prefd el
Pacific Coast 2nd prefd 63
650 Pacific Mall '. 3C
7.7W People's Gas 994
400 Pressed Steel Car 52
825 Pressed Steel Car prefd tili
Pullman Palace Car I>3
600 Standard Rope & Twine 7%
67.291 Sugar 10J
120 Sugar prefd 11l
8.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron S»4
2.2C5 United States Leather 13%
175 United States Leather prefd 7?%
410 United States Rubber 30
100 United States Rubber prefd £3
240 Western Union ..- S3 1 ;
777 R I & L Co 21%
523 R I 4- L Co prefd b.'.%
C C C & St L C 7
10.JEO Third Avenue IU3
657.700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refund (when M X & T 2ds M
Issued) 104% Do4s 91%
O S 2s reg 101% N V Central lsts...Ho
DS 3s reg 110 N J Cent gen 55. ..124
I T S3s coup 110 N Carolina 6s 127
V S new 4s reg....134»i Do 4s 106
U S new 4s c0up. .134', Northern Pac Ss... 67
U S old 4s reg 116 Do 4s 103' i
V B old 4s coup 117 NYC& St L 45..1054
US 5s reg 113 N& W Con 4s 97%
U S 6s coup 115 Do gen 6s 132
Dls of Col 3.C55....119 Or Nay lsts 110
Atchison gen 45. ...102 Do 4s 104%
Do adj 4s 84 Or Short Line 65. .127%
Canada Sou 2d5....106% Do Con 55... 115
Colo & Sou 4s 83% Reading Gen 4s 86
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 97<i',R G W lßts 99%
Do 6s 1 119UiS L& I M Con 65. .113%
C & N Con 7s 141 iS L & S F Gen 65. .121
Do S F Deb 65. ...121 St Paul Con 1C9%
Chic Term 4s 97 St PC & P 15t5. ..119%
D& R G lsts 1«3% Do 5s 121
Do 4s 98%' Sou Pae 4s 83%
E T V & G lsU 102(41 Southern Ry 5s 111
Erie Gen 4s 73 Istand R & T 65.... 72
FW & D C lsts 72 iTenn new set 3s 95
General Elec 5s 115 Tex & Pac lnts 115
G H & S A 6s 109 Do 2ds 57
Do 2ds 10S Union Pac 4s 106
H& T Cent 6s 110 Wabash lsts 116%
Do Con 6s 110 j Do 2ds 99%
lowa Cent 15t5....11i ;West Shore 4s 133%
X C P & O lsts.... 71% i Wis Cent lsts 90%
La new con 4s 107 iVa Centuries 89
L&. N Unl 4s 99U' Do Deferred 8
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 1 2»!Ontario 8 60
Crown Point 13iOphlr 80
Con Cal & Va 1 60|Plymouth 12
Deadwood 60] Quicksilver 1 60
Gould & Curry 14lQu!cUsllver. prefd. 7 00
Hale & Norcross.... 24 ' Sierra Nevada. 65
Home«>take 60i6tandard 31
Iron Silver 68 Union Con 20
Mexican 25iYellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Unton Pacific 63%
Call loans *<? 4 '* West End, 92%
Time loans 4@5 Westlnßhre Elec... 43
Stocks— Wis Central 17
AT&. S F 25% Bonds—
A T & S F prefd.. «3Vi Atchison 4s 100%
American 5ugar.. ..105 N E Gas&Coke 6s. 69%
Am Sugar prefd. ..lll Mining Shares —
Bell Telephone..... 3l« Adventure 4%
Boston & Albany.. 242 Allouez Mln C 0.... 1
Boston Elevated. ..ll6% Amalg Copper 94%
Boston & Maine.. .l 94 Atlantic 21%
Chgo Bur & Q....127% Boston & Mont.. -.297
Dominion Coal 44 Butte & 805t0n.... 63%
Dom Coal prefd.. .114% Calumet & Hec1a..740
Federal Steel 60H Franklin 14%
Fed Steel prefd.... 75 (Humholdt 1
Fltchburg prefd ...I*l JOsceola 67
General Electric ..129 IParrott 45%
Gen Elec prefd.... 135 Quincy 133
Ed Elec 111 ?05 Fanta Fe Copper... 5%
Mexican Central... 14 Tamarack 185
N E Oas & Coke.. 17 (Utah Mining 29%
Old Colony 205%jWinona 2%
Old Dominion .... 25% Wolvrines, <ex dlv. 35%
Rubber 31«/ 4 I
Nexv York Money Market:
NEW YORK. March 23.— Money on call firm
at 405 per cent; last loan, 4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, ESf5% per cent. Sterling ex
change Irregular, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 K-\ for demand and at $4 S-@
4 82% for sixty days: ported rates, $4 52&4 52%.
Commercial bills, $4 «»4®4 Sl*.- Pllver cer
tificates, CoU@«Hic. Silver bars, 59% c. Mex
ican dollars. 47^c. Bonds— Government, ir
regular; State, Irregular; railroad. Irregular.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON. March 23.— T0-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, $159,949,652; gold, t95.615.711.
London Market.
NEW YORK. March 23.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were Idle and the tendency
hetvy, a striking exception being Americans,
which monopolized attention. London engaged
In profit-taking, but the buying, was . always
fighting the ' decline. The market closed at
the lowest, but operators had secured profits
and were anxious. to buy, acatn. Accordingly,
when New York came strong In the street
there was a scene of considerable excitement
and extra police were necessary to , keep a
foot path clear. The finish was buoyant. Fa-
Dun's Review of Trade.
Charters.
The Conway Caatl* loads wheat at Tacoma
for Europe, 46* ; option of Algoa Bay, 4Ss 9d.
The Inverness-shire loads wheat at Portland
for Europe, 40s.
The Louis loads lumber on the Sound for
Cal'.ao. £ss; G. W. Watson, lumber at Port
Gamble for Honolulu.
Treasure Shipment.
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of 165.048,
consisting of $3110 in Mexican dollars. $2S9S In
gold coin and $61,640 In silver bullion.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Paeifle Time.)
SAN FRANCISCSO. March 23-6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
iaie, as compared with these of the same date
lfeEt 6-ason. and rainfalls in the last 24 hours:
Last 24 This Last
Rations— hours, yeason. season.
Eureka 0.00 45.69 29.73
Bed Bluff O.Ou IS. SI 17. n»
!'."» 15.61 13.63
Kan Francisco 0.00 17.C2 14.47
Fresno o.uu 7.06 4.61
Iniiependence 0.36 2.7S 1.1«
tan Luis Obispo 0.00 14.75 12.33
!>>» Aiigelea Trace 5.65 4.77
Fur, Di«go 0.02 3.1« 4.58
Yuma O.to 0.77 1.34
San Franciyoo data: Maximum temperature.
C 3 degree; minimum, 4S; mean. 66.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A trough of low pressure extends from South
eastern California northward through the great
valley*. An area of high pressure overlies
\Yashlr.gtun and appears to be retreating north
ward.
Light showers have occurred In Southern Cal
if<n,ia. Arizona. Utah and Southern Nevada,
The temierature has risen from ten to four
teen degrees over the greater portion of Ne
vada.
A maximum wind velocity of thirty miles per
hour from the northwest is reported from Eu
reka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours end'.ng midnight March 24:
For Northern California— Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds.
For Southern California— Cloudy, unsettled
weather, puesSbly light showers, Saturday;
southerly winds.
For Nevada— Cloudy Saturday.
Fur Utah— Cloudy Saturday.
For Arizona — Cloudy weather, probably light
rhowers.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Satur
day, with Increasing cloudiness; fresh westerly
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Shipment of $68,048 to China.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat lower and weak. Barley stagnant.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Nothing new in Hay and Feedstuff s.
Beans firm and in good demand.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Butter very weak, with heavier arrivals. j
Cheese and Eggs unchanged. \ yt
Poultry in sufficient supply and quiet.
Fresh and Dried Fruits as previously quoted.
No further change in Provisions.
Meat market stands tJie same.
Important part In the Iron and steel Industries,
judging from the reports of advancing foreign
markets and of increasing inquiries upon man
ufacturers. Some lots of pig iron are being
negotiated for at New York and at Blrmlng-,
ham. Ala., and Southern Iron prices would
appear to be ' on a parity with those abroad.
While some slight concessions might secure
much of the business nothing like a general
easing of values is to be reported. Bessemer
pig Is in fact firmer than ever at almost the
top price reached In the present boom. Foun
dry Irons, chiefly of low grade, are cheaper,
but finished products note little If any change.
Anthracite coal reflects the advanced season in
weaker quotations, but bituminous sorts are In
demand. The famine In coal In Europe seems
to be growing more pronounced, but some
rumored very large contracts for Southern coal
have yet to be placed.
Copper Is in good demand and some large
sales are reported for export demand and
firmer on the week, as are also hog products
on smaller receipts and a reported squeeze of
shorts. Sugar Is higher, mainly owing to the
growing strength of raw material.
Wheat and corn among the breadstuffs have
been . weaker, reflecting another . one of those
short swings in price which have been puch
a feature of the former market. In the Cen
tral West wheat crop advices are disappoint
ing; complaint of winter killing more than
offsetting Increased acreage.
Wool remains one of the soft spots In the
market, and though a great deal more bunlneos
haH been done this week than last concessions
are easier, to obtain and prices are quotably
lower. • Leather, on the other hand, returns
a better report than for some time past, quo
tations of hemlock are higher and business has
been larger at several markets. The boot and
shoe Industry notes some Improvements in de
mand and prices, but hides remain rather dull.
Wheat, ' Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 2.903.495 bushels, against 2.727,
450 bushels last week, 3.746.761 bushels In the
corresponding week of 1839, 3.898.518 bushels In
IS9B. 1.749.419 In 1597 and 1.744,837 bushels In
1866. '
Business failures in the United States for the
week number 192, ac compared with 190 last
week, 182 in this week a year ago, 215 In 1898.
221 In 1597 and 274 In 1596.
Business failures in the Dominion of Canada
number 23, as compared with 28 last week, 33
In this week a year ago. 29 In 1898, 40 In 1897
and 44 In 1896.
Continued on Page Elevea.
LOCAL MARKETS
Foreign Futures.
Bank Clearings.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
vorltes were Baltomlre & Ohio. Atchlson, and
Norfolk & Western. In the last mentioned it
Is said a strong pool Is buying. Union Pacific
and Southern Pacific were weak spots. The
speculative ball is apparently set fairly rolling.
Tintos spurted 1, to 56d dividend. New York
sold Anacondas, which fell %. to 9V.- The
bank lost £SO,OOO gold to the Cape. Call money
and bills were unchanged. Two-thirds of the
money due to the bank was renewed.
Final allotments of the . war loan u»« out.
Applicants to £400 get alt they ask; Appli
cants for £500 to £900 are. allotted all they
ask; applicants for £1600 get 33 per cent; ap
plicants for £4000 get 12% per cent;. applicants
for £5000 get 8 per cent; .above that amount.
6 per cent. • rremium to-day was 2%.
CLOSING
Canadian Pacific, 98*><: Union Pacific pre
ferred, 78; Northern Pacific preferred, 73%:
Orand Trunk, S%; Anaconda, 8%; bar sliver,
steady. 27% d.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
trade. May pork closed 17%@200 over yester
day. May lard 10c up and May ribs 10c im
proved. 1 .-;•;•> - j . , ";
The lending futures ranged as follows:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 24, 1900.
2 85; Reds. $3 50#3 75; Blackeye. $4 SO: But
ters, nominal; Lima. $5 25; Pea, $3 3093 50;
Red Kidneys, $3 50@4. -
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4%ig4*c: Flax. $1 90®2 20; Canary,
»%c per lb for California and 4c for ' Eastern;
Alfalfa. 8@10c: Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4%c;
Timothy. 4#4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 90®2 25; Green. $1 30
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices .for everything remained about the
same yesterday. Rhubarb was weak, receipts
being large. -The same remark applies to new
Potatoes. - «"«;""
Receipts were 1060 boxes Asparagus, 636 boxe*
Rhubarb, 456 sacks Peas and 230 sacks new Po
tatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 70380 c; River Reds.
70@SOc;- Burbanks. 40g70c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks, 65c@$l: Sweet Potatoes. $2 40®2 60
for Merced and $1 25 for Rivers; New Potatoes.
l@2c.
ONIONS— S2 50@2 85 per ctl; Cut Onions. 30c®
$1 &n.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 75C851 50 per box:
Asparagus, 65c@fl per box for No. 2 and $1 25®
1 60 for No. 1 and $1 75<g2 25 for fancy large;
Green Peas, 75c@$l 50 per sack; String Beans. 5
©10c: Cabbage, 40®50c; Los Angeles Tomatoes,
$125^2 25; Egg Plant from Los Angeles. 10c;
Dried Okra, 33% c per lb: Garlic. 2%@3%c:
Green Peppers from Los Angeles. : Dried
Peppers, 8®10c; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Los
Angeles Summer Squash. $1 25&1 00 per box;
Marrowfat Squash, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Of the five cars of Eastern that have arrived
this week there Is now but little left, but
enough to give the market an easy tone. Prices
generally stand about the same.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10®llc for Gobblers
and 12U 13c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $2ff3 25;
Goslings. $2 60@3; Ducks. $i@s for old and $405
for young; Hens, $4Q5 SO; Youns Roosters, $6
©7; Old Roosters. . W@4 JO; Fryers, $5 60(36;
Broilers, $4 50ig5 for large and $3@4 for small;
Pigeons. $1 7S@2 per dozen for eld and $2®2 23
for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $I®l 25: Rabbits. $1 25: Gray
Geese. $2©2 50; White. 73c@$l; Brant. $1 23®1 60.
Honkers. $3 per dozen; English Snipe. $2 50®3;
Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese.
Quotations for Butter -were again shaded. a«
there were heavier receipts from Humboldt and
the southern coast, while the demand for the
north was less than heretofore.
Cheese and Eggs remain unchanged, with am
ple supplies.
nuriEit-
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 19^20c; seconds,
ISSISHc.
Dairy— Fancy, 17@18c; good to choice. 15®
16% c; common, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 8c; old. 7%c:
Young- America, B%@9c; Eastern, 13<316c: West
ern, 13*4<gl5c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 12%-913c for store and 13%®
14c per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Two cars of Oranees sold at auction as fol
lows: Choice Navels, $1 10@2; Standards, $1 15@
130; Standard Lemons, 90c35l 25.
Stocks of Oranges are getting reduced. Lem
ons and Limes are steady. More Strawberries
are expected to-day.
APPLES— 7S<iJ9Oc r<"r. box for common. $1®
1 60 for good to choice and $1 7552 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50.t»'2 75
per box; Seedlings. IZcfUi 50; L«mona. $ISI 50
for common and $2@2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $5 50<g6; California Limes, 50<8
75c; Bananas, $I©2 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
$4@5 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 4J?4%c for
40-50's.. 3@3%c for 50-60's, 3@3%c for 60-70*8.
3\ic for 70-SO's. 3c for SO-9O"s and 2%c for 90
100's: Anricots. 11@12%c for Royals. 12%315c
for Moorparks and 12513% c for Blenheims;
Peaches. 6%56c for Standards, 6%@6%c for
choice and 7©Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches, lfr®
12% c; Evaporated Apples. 6<97c; Sun-dried. 6&
5%c per lb; Nectarines. B#9c: Pears. 3%@4%c
for dark and 7©Sc for bright halves: Black
Figs, 2(82'4c: White Figs. 2@3c; Bleached
Plums. S@9c: unbleached Plums, 7@7%c for
pitted and l%c for unpltted.
1 RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's^Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c: standard. 8c; prime. 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B%c: choice. 7%c: standard. 6%c;
prime, 6c: unbleached Sultanas, 6c; Seedless.
60-lb boxes. sc: 2-crown. loose Muscatels. 6%c:
3-crown. 6>4c: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. Jl 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
NUTS— Walnuts. B@9c for standards and
9f?lCc for softshelU; Almonds. ll'4©l2c for
paper shell. 9@loc for soft and'4@sc for hard
shell:" Peanuts. s%Sfi"ic for Eastern and 5c
for California; Brazil Nuts. 7%(88c: Filberts.
12512% c: Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $4 5095.
HONEY— Comb. 11%©12 c for bright and 10%®
lie for Hsht amber: water white extracted.
7%c: Hcht amber extracted. 7»««'7%c; dark.
BEESWAX— 24g26c per lb.
Provisions.
Hams. Bacon and Lard continue flrm. though
the demand Is nothing extra.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10c per lb for heavy,
IOWc for llcht medium, lie for light. 12% c for
extra light and 13c for sugar-cured: Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13c; California Hams, nomi
nal; Mesa Beef. $12 per bbl: extra Mess. $13;
Family $14: extra Prime Pork. $14 50: extra
clear, $17 50; Mess, $16 50; Smoked Beef. 12%@
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7i4c per lb for
compound and SffSHe for pure: half barrels,
pure S%c; 10-Ib tins. 9@9Uc; 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. B@S%c per lb; 10-lb
tins. 3%c. Vr-iA
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
10c* medium. 9%c; light. 9c; Cowhides, 9c;
Stags, "c: Salted Kip. 9®9%c; Calf. 9%510c;
Dry Hides. Bound. 18c: culls and brands, 15c;
Dry Kip and Veal, lrtc: Dry Calf. 19c; Sheep
skins, shearlings. 15«r30c each: short Wool. 35»
60c : eacli- medium. 70fi30c: long Wool. $iei 25
each- Horse Hides. $2 254/2 75 for large and 75c
6 SI 73 for small: Colts. 23030 c.. Dser Skins-
Summer or red skins. 40c; fall or medium skins,
33c- winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
"TALLOW— No.' 1 rendered. s@sUc per lb; No.
2, 4@4Hc: refined. 6%c; grease, 2%®3c „
Fall clip. S«n Jeaquln plains. 9910 c; South
ern SSlOc; Middle County. 11013 c;. Humboldt.
and' I&ndoclno. Eastern Oregon. I3y
16c- Valley Oregon, 18®20c; Northern Mountain,
free, llfillc; Northern Mountain, defective, lot*
"fio'ps— 6%(310c per lb. -
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 6K@7e per lb for fa!r to choice.
VEAL— 6©9 c per lb. : ,
MUTTON— Wethers. BSS%c: ewes. 7%©Sc per
LAMB— Spring, 10®lle per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. s%ic for small and me
dium and s\i«s%c for large ; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6(gs^c; dressed Hogs. 7@SKc
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Qiientln Bags. $s 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6Vi©6%c; Wool Bags. 28%®32%c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c. .- ; . <
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $S: Southfield Wellington, $7 50: Seattle
16 50; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay. $5 60; Wallsend'
$S- Co-operative Wallsend, -$S; Scotch, • •
Cumberland. $12 in bulk and 113 50 In sacks ¦'
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Cannel $11
per ton; Coke. $1» per ton In bulk and $17 in
RlCE— China mixed, $4 Psi@3 10; China No 1
$4 25^4 70: extra -^do. Jsfs 50: Hawaiian. $5®
5 5- Japan. $4 73SS; Louisiana. $4 50^7.
SUGAR— The Western £vu K ar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb In 100-lb baps: Cubes. A
Crushed and^Fine Crushed. 5.60 c; Powdered.
5 60c; Candy Granulated. a.2oc: Dry Granulated
5.10 c: Confectioners 1 A. 5.10 c; Magnolia A. 4.70 c:
Extra C. 4.60 c; Golden C. 4.soc;; barrels, lfe
more: half-barrels. 2oc more: boxes, 50c more
60-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 73 barrels 'or ¦ Its equivalent. Domlnos
half-barrels, 5.85 c; boxes. 6.10 c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. MARCH 23.
Flour, qrsks 53.;m0 Sug-ar. bbls ?*/)
Wheat, ctls 126.07$ Lime, bbls %%
Barley, ctls 68.702i Raisins, b*5...... i n,^
Oats, ctls 6«o|Pelts. bdls .117
Corn, ctls » Hides. N0......... '33s
Cheese, ctls SS leather, r0115.... j»
Tallow, ctls " K4 Wine, icals 36J.V>
Beans, sks SM Quicksilver, flsks 143
Potatoes, sks...:. J.S'WiRRKs. doz... 3L!»2n
MiddllnKß. sks... l^iWool. bags 107
Mustard. 5k»..... «2 Straw. , tons -4«
Sugar, sks .... ,l.t>oo Hay. . tons 336
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks I.ol9iOats>. ctls 600
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 3,9oBjShorts. 5k5. ....... 1 490
Oats.' ctls . 220 Flaxseed, 5k5..... L 285
Bran. sks.. 1.7001 • ¦
¦ - _• —
Family Retail Market.
-? : — — ?
• Eggs are . considerably cheaper thi« week.
Butter Is also slightly lower. '
Meats and Poultry stand about the same as
last .week." - : ' /' / '. ¦'. • ...
r- There li no particular ; change In Fruits and
AUCTION SALES ,
INITIAL AUCTION SALE
109 Draft and Carriage Horses.
Consigned Direct by John Collins. Honcut.
Butte Co., California.
Comprising tbe finest lot of broken and un-
broken, sound blocky-bullt and handsotno
horses ever offered In this city. Azes ranannu
from 4 to 8 years. Weighing 1060 to 1600 lbs.
All passed by veterinary. Suitable for every
purpose. No culls, worn-out or second-hand
horses among them. No reserve. Public In-
vited to Inspect them now at salesyard.
Sale Takes Place at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
NEXT MONDAY .' March 2«
Commending at 10:30 A. M.
W. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. »-
March .... .... .... 65^
May 85% 65% «S% 60%
July 66% ,66H 6614 W%
Corn No. 2— '
March 3<Hi 36>4-
May 36% 37% 36% . 37Tt
July .- — 3714 38^4 37% 38%
September 37% . 38% 37* - 38%
Oats No. J—
May 24 24* 23% t*%
July 22% 23. 22% 23
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May ..1170 .1180 1170, 1180
July ..1165 1162tf 11 60 1162%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 620 6 274 6 17!4 8 27%
July 6 27% 6 37% 62a 635
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— -
May '.6 27% 635 625 635
July 6 27% 6 37% 6 27% 635
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, barely
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 62@64%c: No. 2 red,
68c; No. 2 corn. 37V4c: No. 2 oats, 24524% c; No.
2 white. 26%<8Z6%c; No. 8 white, 2*B'2BHc: No.
2 rye. M%«J55c; No. 2 barley. 35«42c: No. 1 flax
seed, $165; prime timothy seed. $2 35®2 50; mess
pork, per bbl. .sll 2o@ll 85; lard, per 100 lbs.
$517%®6 25; short-rib sides (loose). $6 25@6 60;
dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6%®6%c: short
clear sides (boxed), $6 40@6 50; whisky, distil
lers finished goods, per gal, $124%; sugars, cut
loaf, 6c; granulated, 6.44 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ;... 61.000 39 000
Wheat, bushels 35,000 68 000
Corn, bushels 280.000 208,000
Oats, bushels 280.000 272,000
Rye. bushels 5,000 . 6,000
Barley, bushels.: 29.000- 10 000
On the Produce Exchange to-day th« Butter
market was steady; creamery, 19®23Vic; dairy,
16&22 c. Cheese, firm. 12@13c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, ll@UVic.
Vegetables. Receipts of Strawberries are slen
der, but slowly Increasing. The summer Vege
tables are In zood supply.
Coal, per ton—
?annel $ 313 00 Seattle $S 50®
Wellington .. @10 00 ?ruthfleld
New Welling- i Wellington.. «9 SO
ton ifflO »J,;ocs Bay S7 50
Dairy Produce, etc. — '
Butter, per ?qr... 4o^3o] Common Eggs IS© 1 —
square 4*fr43iK»noli Kggs. per
Do, per roll 30<?-W! dozen 15(817'^
Cheese. Cal 10Q12}IIont!y Comb, per
~ht>e:«e Fa*tern.. ITftJOj pound 12915
Ch»ese. Swiss 2*333; Do. extracted.. — tfin
Meats, rer lb— ' „" ¦ . ~
x ßacon 12917 fork, fresh 15«3>
Beef, choice 13©20 fork, salt 12«13
Do. good lcei; Pork Chops 15«»
Torned Beef — *?19 Round Steak 10012
Ham Cal-. -.rloln Steak .... 150—
Do. Eastern... l7H»— Porte Thou»« d 0... 2P«25
r.nrd 12tfl. r . ?moked Beef .... ll'rfl-.
Mutton 12«13 Prn-ir SausagM.-W^^ZO
Spring Lamb IS<3— Veal 1347—
Poultry and Gam* —
Hens, each 60@S5IGeese, eaeh...tt 23'<22 51
Vounir Roosters. l>--iv-runs. pair 4«f*So
each 7»a*>| Rabbits, pair 40<fr5<)
Old Roosters. ea..«5«75 ""»• -aeh .......— **V>
Fryers each Cso7sjWlld Geese. pa1r..4Q360
Broilers, each .««*>' Enrich Snipe
lurkeys 1-r 1b...1">«20 per dozen 3 00-fW 25
DuHks. each 60373 Jack Snipe 1 73#2 CO
Fruits and Nuts—
Almonds, per lb...r^r Limes, per dozen.KJl*
Apples sft S Raisins, per 1b.... s©lo
Bananas dozen... li*« lS Strawberries, per
Dranges." dozen.... 10^33 basket 15f123
Lemons. doz-n....10tf2u Walnuts, per lb..— »li
Vegetables —
Artichoke*. dox...2S<3so:Onlons. per Vb Sg 5
Asparagus, per lb. Vis S.Okra. dry. per lb.— «SO
Beets, dozen 12JJ13 Peppers, green. It>.2SS3O
Beans, white, lb.. s"©— Potatoes, per lb.. 3»» *
Colored, per lb.. *tjt I Sweet Potatoes.... 4# 5
Lima, per lb — 4f S Parsnips, per doz.lsi*—
Cabbage, each. SttlO Rhubarb, per 1b... 5© S
Cauliflowers, each .">«IC Kadishes. dz bchs.lO4>l;
Celery bunch .... 5<? — ?a«re. doa bnchß.-lSiar 1 .
Tress. .Jnr. bnehs .VM~tV> \ String Beans, 1b..10@15
Cucumbers, r if *r Uz.JIfUV Mimraer Squash.
EgK Plant, lb lVf?2o' per pound J4?10
Green Peas, lb 3^ slThyme. per lb 2fwJ3o
Lentils per lb Yd 8 1 Turnips, pet" <lo»..lM*H
Lettuc*. per doz.. 159— /Tomatoes, per lb. 10@15
Fl*h—
Barracuda — @ — shrimps ...........— «J—
Carp 12'<»— Shad ..-.— <il3
"odflsh — 4*13 ?>a Baaa — &~
Flounders 12'"*— Smelts 2ft©—
Halibut lf^>— 'Soles 15®—
Hen-lnsc 123>— !Skat-». each 10«*12
KHiKfish — «15 Tomcod 13??—
Mackerel — *?— Clams gallon 500 —
Do. Horse — C— l Do hardshell.lCo.4o<eM
Perch loifr— jCrabs. each 10(313
Pompano ' — «t—\ Do softshell. dz.2ses3
Rockflsh l.V??2o; Mussels, quart. ...10<312
Salmon, fresh ....JO'S— Oysters. Cal. 100..40« so
Do. smoked ....— 4r-"0 I Do Eastern. d0a.25®4il
- NEW YORK, March 23.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
In its fair state of operation the new money
blll has given satisfaction at the treasury and
to banks. Applications for new 2 per cents
have exceeded $106,000,000 and the net increase
in bank circulation is already. over $10,000,000.'
As the rate at which- new circulation, can be
Issued is limited, except for banks which gave
orders in advance of the passage of the bill
and' the Issues at first are largely for the In
crease of notes to the par \-alue of bonds de
posited, little can yet be Inferred regarding
the other increase, though applications indicate
that it will be large for Interior banks. The
release of millions employed in preparation for
action under the new measure has caused in
bank returns' considerable changes, which are
nominal rather than real, and the money mar
kets are undisturbed. The reported settlement
of the Carnegle-Frick controversy Is one of
the greatest Importance to the iron and steel
industry. A fight between such forces would
In the end have affected prices and values
beyond calculation, while the combination of
Interests now said to be agreed upon may prove
revolutionary in its influence. Whether the
markets will be Immediately affected Is not
clear. As yet the tendency toward reaction
of prices continues, though in the PlttsburK
region bessemer and basic pig are strong. But
Eastern bessemer, gray forge and Southern
pig are sold there at prices below those gov
erning In large transactions and only the de
mand for steel-making Iron appears to exceed
the supply. Eastern markets are weaker, with
a reduction of $1 per ton at Philadelphia in
some grades. The finished products are gen
erally unchanged, though shots rise at Chicago
with the coming combination, while plates sink
lower at Plttsburg and to the lowest point
since April 6. 1899, at Philadelphia.
The London wool sales have shown a shade
more strength than those of last month and
considerable American purchases of lome
grades indicate the true position of the prices
asked here. Yet the markets here are called
stronger In tone, although of the sales re
ported much the greater part were at con
cessions and manufacturers are doing very lit
tle. Bales at the three chief markets are only
4.800,900 pounds, of which 3.771,500 were do
mestic. The state of the woolen goods mar
ket does not encourage manufacturers to pay
the prices now asked. There Is not only little
ground to expect an advance. In prices, but
in other than leading grades some concessions
are frequently made to secure transactions and
the business Is still disappointedly restricted.
The manufacturers have advanced hemlock
sole lc In spite of a further fall of 1H per
cent in hides at Chicago, making the decline
3 per cent within four weeks.
The advance in wheat which followed'state
ments of the quantity In farmers' hands has
not been maintained and the decline the past
week has been.lHc Cam also yielded about
«Ac. Atlantic exports were 1,753,028 bushels for
the week and for three weeks only 4,762.482,
against 8,730,374 last year. Receipts at West
ern points In three weeks have been 11,977,231,
against 10.150.957 last year.' Meanwhile Pacific
exports are heavy and In three weeks .have
been 3,183,543 bushels, against 1,656,277 last
year.
The foreign demand for corn still lessens.
Failures for the week have been 183 In the
United States, I against 200 last year, and 27
in Canada, against 24 last year.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
NEW YORK, March 23.— Bradstreet'a Finan
cial Review will say to-morrow:
Speculation has this week developed remark
abla activity and strength, the latter feature
being mainly confined to what Is known as the
standard railroad stocks. The principal factor
in the market has been the disappearance of
fears regarding the money market. -Last week's
bank statement showed a large decrease in the
Item of loans. Indicating that banks which had
purchased Government bonds for -the purpose
of convertinr them into new 2 per cents and
taking out circulation were paying oft these
borrowings. This process Is likely to be a rapid
one and the supply of money available for stock
market purposes has evidently Increased
Rates for call loans were, however only
slightly easier and the activity of the stock
market naturally tends to augment the demand
for funds. The feeling of the street in regard
to the financial outlook la nevertheless one of
confidence, and the disposition 'to discount the
effect of the currency bill upon the bank cir
culation has been marked. Large Interests
have consequently felt themselves able to give
support to their specialties, and at the same
time the public, both here and abroad, has
shown a readiness to participate in the move
ment. The amount of outside buying was con
siderably In excess of anything which the
market had witnessed for some months past
London has taken a favorable view of the
effects of the currency bill and of the position
of American railway properties. All of the
European markets are steady on the belief that
the war will soon terminate and there will be
no political complications of an international
character jrrowlng out of It. Consols have
shown an advance and American stocks were
features in the rise of values. It has been some
time since London has been such a large pur
chaser In this market, its buying of Atchlson
the Pacifies. Baltimore and Ohio and other
London specialties producing an Impression up
on the exchange market, which - has been de
cidedly weak In consequence of offerings
of bills against this foreign buying. The sud
den announcement of the purchase of the
Third-avenue road by the Metropolitan
Street Railway and the sensational^ ad
vance of more than 60 points in the
former stock not only demoralised the bear
party In the street, but created for a time
more or less fear that trouble mleht arise In
connection with the short Interest In the stock
No actual difficulties, however developed In
this connection, and the action of Third-avenue
led tt> covering of shorts In other direction,
and sided materially In stimulating public in
terest as to other parts of the list.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. March 23.— FLOUR— Receipts.
21,243 barrels; exports, 2923 barrels. More active,
especially low grades, closing steadier.
WHEAT— Receipts, 39,200 bushels; spot, firm;
No. 2 red, 75% c elevator; No. 2 red, 78%0 f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 75% c f. o. b.
afloat prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth, 77^c f. o. b.
afloat prompt. Options — Opened well at He de
cline under bearish cables,' very heavy Argen
tine shipments and unloading. Later there was
a reaction and afternoon firmness, based on
strength of corn, export business and local cov
ering. The" close was very firm at %c net ad
vance. May. 71 13-16072 7-16 c. closed 72% c; July,
72 7-16 c, closed 72% c; September, 72@72&c, closed
72% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
LEATHER— Firmer.
WOOL-Dull.
COFFEE— Options closed barely steady, with
prices 10 to 20 points net lower. Total sales,
13 000 bags, including: April, J6 65; May, $6 63®
6 75: June.. s6 65; July. $6 75; August. $6 75; Sep
tember. $6 80Q 6 85: December, $7 05@7 10; Jan
uary, $7 05.' Spot— Rio, barely steady; No. 7 In
voice, SH@BVic: nominal; Jobbing, S^SS'Jic.
Mild— Quiet and easy; Cordova, S%@l4c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm. Refined— Firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2523 packages; firm;
Western creamery, 21(??25c: factory, 18®20c.
EGGS— Receipts, 11,485 packages; weak; West
ern at mark, 15y,@15',4c; Soutnern at mark, 14®
15\4c --M\-ii ¦ ¦ : : '- .
DRIED FRUITS.-
NEW YORK, March ; 23.— The . market for
evaporated apples, while not active to-day, was
steadily held, owing to an unexpected decrease
in receipts and an absence of sellers. The mar
ket, however, remains unchanged. California
dried fruits ruled steady at unchanged prices.
Only a hand-to-mouth business Is In progress.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4H@5V4c; prime, 6%c; choice, 7@7&c; fancy, 7%
@B%c. . ,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-3H@7c. as
to size and quality. . -
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13i??15c ; Moorpark, 15«?18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. lS@22c: unpeeled, 7%@9c.
Nciv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, March 23.— METALS— Although
cables from London were generally unsatisfac
tory, copper in the local market for metals was
more active and . firmer to-day. The asking
rate advanced 25 points at $16 50016 75, closing
firmer at these figures. -Tin, however. Influ
enced by a decline of £3 10s abroad, ruled weak
and decidedly lower again, closing nominally at
$30 75, against $31 50® 31 75, the figure current at
yesterday's close. . ..
, PlGlRON— Warrants continue quiet.
LEAD — Was unchanged, closing steady, at
$4 67"^ bid and $4 72H asked.
SPELTER— RuIed quiet and steady, closing
unchanged, at $4 CO bid and $4 60 asked.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 45 and for
copper $16 75. ,
The principal fluctuation on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange was a decline In
Gas and Electric to $50 J7%. Spring Valley
Water -declined to 138 60 and Onomea to $23.
Sales were fair.
A slight decline In Onomea was th« only
change In the afternoon.
The Anaconda Copper Mining Company has
declared its regular dividend of SI 25 and an
extra dividend of 75 cents, payable April 30.
Amount of dividend. 12,400.000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. March 23— J p. m.
¦.-¦'•- ¦=¦-' -. Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
V S Bonds— Equit GL. Co. — 3%
4s quar c0up. .114% — Mutual El Co. 11% —
4s quar reg... — 114% OCLi H.... 46 45%
4s qaar new. .138 — Pac Gas Imp.. — 54
3s quar coup.. 110% — Pac L C 0...... 44
Miscellaneous — SP G & E.... 51 51U
Cal-st Cab 55..117 — San Francisco. 4% 4%
C C Wat 55... H'5%107 Stkn G&ECo 10 — '
Ed I. & P 65. .129 — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 65.. — 115 " Flrem's Fund.227% —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks —
HC & S 5U5.115 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. — S3
Do 5s 10«% — Bank of Ca1...405 —
LARy 5s 105U — Cal SD & T..100% —
LAL Co is.. - — First National. 2so 230
Do gntd 65.. — — ton P& a 130 —
Do gntd 6a.. — 103 Merchants' Ex 15 11
LA& P R 55.102%1C2% Ncr Nat 8k... — _
Market-st 65... — — Savings Banks—
Do Ist M 55.. — 116% G«r S & L..1500 _
NCN G R 75. 10* — Hum S& L. — _
NR of Cal 68.113 V* — Mut Say Bk. 45 —
NR of Cal 55.U0%116% S F Say U.. 510 —
NPC R R 65. 104 — Sar & L So. 74 7J
NPC R R 55. 106 107 Sec Say Bk. — —
NC R R 55.... 109 — Union T Co. — —
Oak GL&H Ss.ICS% — Street Railroads—
Oak Tran 65...112UU3 California 113%U1H
Oak WCo 55. .105 — Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S C 0. .105 105% Market-st Ry.. 63 «3t4
Om CRy 65...127%123 OSL, & H.... — 50
P&CI Ry 69..100 104 Presidio 15% —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65. 117 — California ISO —
Sac L&GR Ss. 90 — Giant Con Ct>.. 83% 85%
SF A SJV 55. 117% — Vlgorlt a til
S R of Cal «5.114% — Sugar Stocks—
SP of A «5..-..1U 111% Hana S P Co.. Pi 9%
SP C 6»<1905).lll — Haw C& SCo 83 90
Do OS06) ....112 113 iHonokaa S Co. 52% 32%
Do (1912) .... — — | Hutch S P Co. 28% —
Do Ist -CZ 5s — — Kllauea S Co.. 21%
S P Rr 6s 1^%1M% Makawell S Co 45% —
S V water 6s. 114 — Onomea S Co.. 27Vi-2S
Do 4s 104 — Paauhau S Co. 23*4 J3U
S V W 45(3Jm)102% — Miscellaneous—*
Stktn Gas Ga..100 103 Al Pack Asnn.llS 11S%
Water Stacks— Caj Fruit Asn.loo%lol
Contra Costa..; 63 65 Mer Ex Assn.. 85' 100
Marln County. — " — I Oceanic S Co.. 93 93U
Spring Valley. 96% 96%[Pac A F A.... 1 —
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.143 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P... - 4*! .
Morning Session.
Board — i
25 California Fruit Canners 100 50
153 Giant Powder Ccn gj oo
100 Giant Powder Con. s 90 " g$ 00
55 Giant Powder Con jj 75
ICO Hcnokaa J2 0"
23 Honokaa " 32 i«%
73 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 7J
30 Onomea Sugar Co js 00
100 Paauhau S P Co 59 15
30 S F Gas Jfc Electric 51 <y>
35 S F Gas A Electric 507s
10 S F Gas & Electric $0 52%
1*) S F Gas & Electric 50 50
125 S F Ga* & Electric 803714
10 S V Water w «2
45 S V Water « 50
$3000 S P of A bonds m 25
Street—
$IP*M) Northern Ry of Cal bonds m in
11C00 S P of Cal 1305 6s m 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
(15 Equitable Gas 3 87ti
SO Giant Powder Con W$ 00
2; Giant Powder Con S5 87U
15 Hana Plantation Co 9 50
SO Hana Plantation Co 9 3714
15 Honokaa S Co 32 j<;
5 Honokaa S Co 32 j-j*
30 Hutchtnson S P Co 2*62%
iw> Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 73
235 Makawell 43 2.1
10 Makawell 4$ 50
10 Oceanic S S Co 93 00
100 Onomea Sugar Co 27 f2%
IPO Onomea Sugar Co 17 30
523 Paauhau S P Co , y» 25
20 S F Gas &' Electric ..'. -¦......¦ 50 6'S
3S»S r Gas ft Electric 51 €0
10 S F Gas & Electric s 90 ...." 50 9714
90S F Gaslirht 4 SO
150 Hutchlnson S P Co IS 59
PRODUCERS* OIL. EXCHANGE.
' Morning Session.
Board —
250 Anaconda j|
80 Barker Ranch : 1 15
100 Home Oil 3 j^
150 Shamrock 70 .
200 Yukon 1 20
Afternoon Session. ¦ .
STO Anaconda 55
]<V> Barker Ranch 1 15
10ft Caribou i)
223 Home Oil j gg
lf>o Home OH j *,>
100 Yukon ; 1 20
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
ICO Alpha C0n..._. . 07} 100 Justice 14
100 Andes 14 IlO> Mexican 7""I.'I 31
l(S0 Belcher 33 3«0 Occidental .. 18
liv> Best * Belcher. 43 300 Ophlr ........ 90
600 Bullion '.... CI6 «x> Overman . ... 23
mo Caledonia 110 ;<vi Potosl 23
1100 Chollar 231 ten Savage «
200 Con Cal & Va..l 73 200 Savage . 1?
2000 Con New York. 0». 2fl« Sierra Nevada. «l
£00 Exchequer Of,! 400 Stiver Hill **
1200 Gould & Curry. 2Sj 20rt Union Con 24
400 Hale & Norcrs. 21 200 Yellow Jacket.. »
100 Julia ........ 021
8Christian Association Conference.
1 7A- conference iof the" 1 active ' members , of
the ' Mission - branch "% or • the V Young '- Men's
Christian Association was held last Thurs
day * evening."' Remarks ' were ; made ">¦ by
George Shaw Jr. , M. Clark." Dr.* Harold L. 1
Seager.Tßev. Dr. Bayley of the Third Con
grcgational; Church and Rev.^R.VW.' Rey
nolds - 1 •of the ' . i Lebanon *'• Presbyterian
Church. v The ¦ members • anticipate a froa
jmutqus year for tbelr organization. * ¦
MAKER OF "ENERGY."
The Analysis of Postum Food Coffee.
"Since I left off drinking coffee and
began using Postum Foo' 4 Coffee my
digestion has.so improves :£ .i I can eat
eggs and drink milk, which I have been
unable to do for years.
"I find by inquiry that numbers of
my friends have been helped by using
Posturn instead of ordinary coffee. It
is evident that coffee has been a poi-
son »o me. I was only induced to
break off by the order, of my physi-
cian." Mrs. F. H. Moning, 55 E- New "
ton St.. Boston, Mass-
There is a reason why Postum Food
Coffee restores the chronic coffee
drinker to good health again. The
analysis by Dr. B. F. Davenport of
Boston, New "England's famous analy r
tical chemist, is: Moisture, 5.8^ per
cent; bone-forming substance, 4.61 per
cent; cdulose, 870 per cent; fat and
flesh-forming substances, 14-73 per cent;
energy producing substances, 66.11 per,
cent. •>— -
Skilled Workmen Fraternize.
'<' The' Carpenters- District Council paid a
fraternal. visit to Union 22 at 1133 Mission
street last ' night. In" honor; of the visit
Union 22 prepared a sumptuous layout for
their.; visiting , friends. .: ¦ Short witty and
up-to-date speeches were made Iby John
P. Horigan, -¦ E. L. Malsbury, H. Myers,
W. Little, -H. M. Saundersr F. P. Nichols,
John Feeny, Theo Wicks, T. L. Otis. John
Felix," John Bowan • and Thomas:Farns
worth;; During ; the session ; of : the union
twenty » new ¦: members j were ; initiated and
the .< prosperity of -the union was dwelt
upon >bytP.-: H/ ¦ McCarthy, H. M. Saun
ders and others who are. foremost in the
walks of labor, unionism. : ; "
To Remove Market-Street Hump.
The West of Castro Street and Eureka
Valley Improvement clubs are about to
take" steps to have the hump on Matket
street cut off between Valencia and 8:x
teerth streets. To accomplish this the
clubs will petition the Board of Super
visors to declare an established grade on
the section mentioned, with the view of
bringing the upper portion of Market
street into harmony with the lower and
business portion of that street. .
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
" O. F. Paxton of Portland, Or., Is at'tho
Palace.
F. A. Hlhn, a Santa Cruz capitalist, is
at the Grand.
B. Thomas of New York is registered at
the Palace.* " *
Frank Barrett and wife of Palo Alto af a
at the Lick. v
Frank O. Toland of Ventura Is a guest
at the Lick.
, Mr. and Mrs. D. "Wornißer of Chicago
are at the Palace. vv^V: 1
C. Jacobson, a' wealthy merchant of Ked
dlng. Is at the Grand. .
Captain J. R. Thompson and wife of
Seattle are at the Occidental.
Jesse D. Carr, a capitalist and large land
owner of Salinas, is at the Occidental.
E. A..Meserve, a prominent attorney
of Los Angeles, is a guest at the Grand.
Dr. A. E. Hall, 1 & well-known physician
of San Jose, is at the Lick with his wife.
Sidney N.'Hodgkins has returned from a
trip to London and is a guest at the Pal
ace. x ' "¦'¦-'¦' ; .-. - - :' ¦
About seventy-five: Raymond 'excursion
ists arrived in the city last evening and
registered at the Palace.,
Dr. V. T. -McGillycuddy, a prominent
medical " man of Deadwood, .is ¦at the
Grand, accompanied by; his wife.
; Fred ,- Gerstler, a millionaire ywoolman,
whose interests extend from Los Angeles
to Mexico, Is an arrival of laßt night at
the Licit. "/: ¦¦'¦ ' v .-.¦;.....-'¦..: ,.;./; v ;. ¦
Mr. and Mrs. Robert H. VWorthlngton,
prominent society people of New York, are
at the Occidental, while on a pleasure trip
to this city.
SAFE AT NAPA ROBBED.
Three Men Arrested and Held on
Suspicion.
Bpee'al Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, March 23.— The safe at the Napa
Woolen Mill in this city was robbed of
$79 10 this afternoon at 5 o'clock while the
bookkeeper was absent from the office.
The circumstances of the robbery sesm t>
indicate that the roan that did the work
knew the lay of the place. The boDk
keeper was absent from the office only ten
minutes, his duties calling him to th? h\g
building where the employes are at work.
When he returned to the office he found
the door of the large safe open, and
upon making an lnvesigation found
that all the money had been taken.
The officers were notified of the rob
bery . and . Sheriff Dunlap and Con
stable Allen arrested three hobos on the
railroad track about a mile south of town
on suspicion. These men were let out of
the County Jail this morning and are hard
cases. -During the week they had been
working in the chaingang near the mill,
and it is supposed that they sized up tho
office at the mill and made their plans ac
cordingly. The Sheriff and Constable vrent
out on another search at 8 o'clock to-night
for another man-
Burglars at San Andreas.
Special Dispatch to The C&JI.
SAN ANDREAS, March 23.— The resi
dence of ex-Judge Ira Hill Reed was en
tered by burglars this afternoon and
robbed of $600 in gold coin, a lady's gold
watch and a diamond ring. The money
and jewelry were in an old-fashioned
safe, the key of wfcich was kept in a bu
reau drawer, and. being found by the
robbers gave them easy access to the
coin.
Church Attached.
SAN JOSE, March 23.— The African
Methodist Episcopal Church i 3 in tho
hands of the Sheriff on an attachment in
a suit brought by Kirk Scott for J723.
This is an assigned claim for $125 ad
vanced and learal services of Attorney
George W. Lewis, who represented the
church in a suit to quiet title to its prop
erty on Fourth and San Antonio streets.
Will Hear Bryan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. March 23.— An excursion
train will carry a large delegation of
Democrats to Sacramento next Monday
evening to hear Colonel Bryan sp«ak.
¦¦¦ - ¦- -• ¦ ' -¦ ¦¦- ¦ •¦¦¦¦•¦¦¦¦ h - , , ¦ ?, - ' '•-'» i ¦¦.¦¦,¦ >» --¦-¦' :¦:„- •. .. - "¦ ?...'<¦ ¦¦'¦' ¦---
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 24, 1900.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY;
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of /£*~j*g£^,
r-
I Yer * tunmU mm* as easy
I to take as mgaxw .
SEE fCARfES|^S=s L SEE
GENUINE f JVfcV K.SKKS.' 6ENCINB
1 PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WBAPPFB i 851 ' FOR SALLOW SWH. WBAPPFB
25 icSti I Fafffly Vegetal>l9. <^%gwi^Us
'tPI^IITTEID O3ST RE33D I 3 wAJFETRJ*
FOUGHT FOR A DAY
ON ETHICS AND LAW
Varney Estate Attorneys Close
¦Contest Over Disqualification.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March 23.
COLD, hard law was doled out in
large packages to-day by the em
inent attorneys in the Varney es
tate case, who are trying to have
each other disqualified from acting in the
trial of the trust contest. Opinion after
opinion dug out of the musty past of
English jurisprudence, supplemented by
tsuch authority from the American
courts, was hurled at the heads of Judge
Ogden and Judge Ellsworth, with whom
It now rests to decide whether the firm
of Bishop & Wheeler has been guilty of
unprofessional conduct which disqualifies
it from appearing for the beneficiaries
under the will of the late Thomas Varney.
Th«re also rests with the same occu
pants of tho bench the Question now sub
mitted whether Attorney William S.
Goodfellow, who made the extraordinary
accusations against Guy C. Earl, has not
placed himself in such a relation to the
contestants that he is interested in both
eldes of the litigation and is therefore
himself legally disqualified from appear
ing in the case. Attorney Wheeler made
good his notice of last evening and by
formal motion based upon a lengthy
statement of position submitted that
phase of the sensational fight to the
court.
Occasionally during to-day'e hearing
there were wordy tilts between Attorneys
Wheeler and Goodfellow, but there was
little to relieve the heaviness of discus
sion on the scores of legal technicalities
which were drawn to thread-like con
clusions on both sides.
During the morning hours Mr. Goodfelr
low found time to give expression to con
siderable Indignation that the opposing
forces had moved upon him last evening
without what he considered ample notice.
Attorney Wheeler sharply replied that
the charges against himself and the other
members of his firm had been made last
Tuesday during his absence from court.
as well as Mr. Karl, who was particularly
attacked.
"I gave due notice to Mr. Rlx and Mr.
Tr*at," declared Mr. Goodfellow.
"Yes, thirty seconds' notice," they re
torted.
"You could have asked for a postpone
ment." he suggested.
Then Mr. GoodfelloW had some mis
¦understanding about his position,' and
after everything was fairly well cleaned
up Attorney Wheeler went to the argu
ment he started yesterday in opposition
to the accusations.
He asserted at the outset that the rec
ords of the testimony taken before Judge
Ellsworth in the accounting five years
ago of the Varney estate trust belonged
as much to the beneficiaries of the estate
which he represented as to the trustees,
Mr. Goodfellow's clients. And he hinged
the major portion of his argument on that
point. Incidentally, Mr. Wheeler pointed
out much law which, he asserted, favor
ed his view of the relations existing be
tween the parties interested in the trust.
"The first boomerang has already ap
peared In this matter," declared Mr.
Wheeler, "and the second is in the au
thorities which point out the Indelicacy
of Mr. Goodfellow's position In fighting
STAACKE NO LONGER
MANAGES BELL ESTATE
Bemoved From His Position as Ex
ecutor Pending Investigation of
Charges Against Him.
George EtaacXe. the sole surviving ex
ecutor of the will of the late Thomas Bell,
has been deposed, and Mrs. Theresa Bell
will make an effort to save a email dowry
out of the wreck of the dead millionair'j's
estate. In the order made by Judge Ccf
fey yesterday removing Staacke and ap
pointing Mrs. Bell, decedent's widow, spe
cial administratrix, the court said: #I li
appearing to the court that there Is rea
son to believe that George Staacke has
wasted and mismanaged the property of
the estate committed to his charge, and
has committed fraud upon the estate an!
hap wrongfully neglected the same, hence
It lo ordered that his powers be suspended
until the matters alleged In the petition
are Investigated." „
Judge Coffey gave Mrs. Bell authority
to take up the management of the ent-re
estate. He provided, nowever, that she
take all negotiable securities and place
them in tbe vaults cf the California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company, and ordered
that ail rents coming from estate prop
erties should also be deposited there. Her
bonds were fixed at J25.0U0.
For many months Mrs. Bell has been
complaining that Staacke was managing
the estate of his late partner, . Thomas
Bell without due regard for her and (n
his 'own interest. The charges will now
be Investigated, and if the allegations of
decedent's widow are proved the deve op
rnents will be in .the line of sensational.
Rabbi Voorsanger 6n Heresy.
- • Rabbi ; Voorsanger delivered "a", brief ser
mon * at iTemple s Emanu-El? last -evening
in which he treated of, heresy and excom
munication. >He held to the theory that it
was necessary! for the church to set up a
standard, which its members must follow
the same as in civil, life, .where. the laws
are i the j standard -.the - citizen i must i abide
by: and' that ; departure : from i these would
quickly ' lead jto anarchy. -'» The ? final i, lec
ture oflßabbi .Voorsanger's ; winter course
will be si veo next Friday. : nl^bx
Non-Union Pavers Expensive.
In a communication sent from the San
Francisco Labor Council to Chief ¦' Con
structor H. H. Lynch of the Market Street
Railroad Company, who is employing non
union pavers in the reconstructing of th«»
Howard and other cable lines into trolley
service, it was * shown that the . non-union
pavers are more . expensive -v than • their
brothers belonging to the union. It ¦ wad
shown that ablock of 412*4 feet paved by
non-union pavers costs2ls 60, as v against
the cost of the same number of feet paved
by union pavers at $132. With .this show
ing the* communication urged : the Market
Street Company, as a matter of economy,
to €inploy union hands, -: - -<^
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 23— E. Handy of
Los Angeles is -, at , the - Holland. : Henry
Kahn of San; Francisco Us at the Savoy.'
Major Frank, McLaughlin Is In ' the city. r.
POSTUM CEBEAIi.
Conference of Secretaries.
The twenty-sixth annual -conference .of
general secretaries and other paid officers
of the Young Men's 1 Christian v Associa
tions will be held at .Thousand Isle/Park,
St Lawrence River, June 6 to 10. .This
will be one of the largest | conferences lof
secretaries ever held inthe world, as the
number of secretaries on the North Amer
ican continent ; now aggregates ; nearly
fifteen hundred.^. Twenty-five year* jagp
there were ¦ less than ; fifty employed, iH.
J McCoy of the local association has been
selected' as one =of > the ? presiding ¦officers
of the conference : and will s leave < for t the
East in a few. weeks;for;special-confer
ence with , the -international ] committee'
prior to ' the convening of the conference
of secretaries. , •%: > . - * s
Y. M. C. A. Exhibition.
The annual- athletic exhibition of the
Young Men's Christian Association was
field in the gymnasium last night. The
following programme was rendered, under
the direction of Acting Physical Director
G. A, Mattern:
Columbian orcheftra, F. Foeter, leader; pedal
drill, class; parallel bare, A. Volgt and E
Fritsch; horizontal bars, class, led by H. E
Choilet; acrobatic feats, C. Stewart A H
Dorian and A. M. Barnett; foil fencing, H; E
Choilet and E. Fritech; catch-as-catch-caii
wrestling (two five-minute bouts), A. H. Dorian
and J. Rhodes: pyramids, class; Illuminated
club swinging, E. Spacher; cannon-ball -spe
cialty. George Baker; hl*h Jumping, class, led
by H. Wilson. Basket-ball srarae, Hercules vg
Miss Nancy's team: Hercules— Charles John
son, center; E. Goodrich and H. Morten, for
wards : H. ¦ Wilson and A. H. Dorian, guards.
Miss Nancy's team— Josle Long, center; Hattle
Short and Mary Sweet, forwards; Dora Love
and Carrie Home, guards.
Guilty of Technical Contempt.
Members of the Board of Education ap
peared before ; Judge Hebbard yesterday,
to show causewhy they should notC be
punished ; for contempt of for re
fusing to obey, the court's order to discon
tinue the use of the Shaylor • round-hand
system "¦ and to : again introduce the Cali
fornia vertical system. It was contended
that as an appeal Is^pendlng it acts as a
stay of execution and the board i could not
be considered in contempt for .refusing at
this time to discontinue the enjoined sys
tem Judge Hebbard took the view that
the ' appeal • did = not act as ¦- a stay and
held the board guilty =of technical con
tempt. The board could go before the
SuDreme Court and determine the issues
involved by applying for a writ of pro
hibition;-:;, , •/ v ; : _ ; .„- ¦
Farland's Banjo Concert.
Alfred A. Farland's banjo concert at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s I Hall on Butter
street was well attended last night by the
lov«rs of \ good * music. • The selections for
the evening's entertainment were:
(a) "Since First I Met Thee" (Rubinstein),
(b) "Bird in the Wood, (Taubert), Adelaide
Roddy; Second Concerto (Deßerlot), (a) Alle
gro. Maestoso, (b) Andante, (c> Rondo Russe;
"Caro Nome," from ."Rlgoletto'* (Verdi). Ade
laide Roddy; (a) Bolero. *Op. . 12 (Moszkowaki),
(b) l transcription, "Alice, 'Where Art Thou?"
(Farland). (c) -"Spinning: Song" . (Popper), (d)
Serenata (Moszkowskl),- (c) Sonata. Op. 30, No.
J, Last Movement (Beethoven), originally writ
ten for violin. - Alfred .A: . Farland ; . selections.
Charles ;P. Qraeber's ' Banjo, Mandolin and
Cmitar Club.; , ¦¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ••..,.
For the Orphans' Home.
The assembly hall of the Odd Fellows'
building was crowded last evenlHg by an
audience that showed its appreciation of
the efforts ' of the Rebekahs of this city
to assist the Odd Fellows' Orphans' Home
at Gilroy. There was given a . pleasing
programme of music, song and literary
efforts, also a character sketch. -: Those
who . contributed to the entertainment
were: Miss Frances Maxwell. Miss Anita
Loos, Miss Quinnie Tilton, Misses Emma
and Fannie Noonan. Hiram Baxter,
Charles Folk. Misses Charlotte and Sadie
Dorr, L. E. Blebeau; Mrs. H. E. BeckJey
Miss Carrie Manning, George Caldwelland
Miss Lottie Linnle. Dancing followed the
programme.
To Fix Telephone Rates.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
decided yesterday to recommend for pass
age Supervisor McCarthy's resolution for.
a charter amendment ' Intended ;to bring
telephone, telegraph and pneumatic ser
vice companies under municipal junsdio-
yesterday
appointed the following employes for a
t^loSo^Wm, ,4 50per
Chris Leavy. rammer; $3; Thomas
van horse and cart, S3 50; D,, J. O'Brien.
John Caulfield, George Ralney, Thomas
Christoi, Joseph Gallagher, foremen, at $4
each- Charles Gillon, hammer, J3; Fide
sewer men at |2 50 per Bartley Lee,
lames Davis, John McFadden, W. «..
IM^ck J- M- O'Hare,' C. Harrington and
. P M?s a s r M an ßiordan. janitress of the Spring
Val cv School, was dismissed,as her ser
vices Ire no longer, required. The salaries
nf tri«T school Janitors were fixed as fol
low^ MUs B. J McLeod . $32 60 per month ;
a fi»iVi» and- Y Berdahl, $65 each; M.
School at $33 75 per , month.. .
HO YOW ASKS FOR FAIR
TREATMENT OF CHINESE
Consul General Claims Merchants
Axe Unjustly Prevented From
Entering United States.
Consul General Ho Vow Ib seeking to
enlist the support of the merchants of
San Francisco in his efforts to secure a
more liberal ruling by the Treasury De
partment in the matter of the admission
of Chinese merchants to this country.
Yesterday afternoon the Consul General
addressed a representative gathering of
the business men of the city, who as
sembled in the rooms of the Chamber of
Commerce in • response to invitations
issued by him.
Ho Vow spoke briefly. Impressing upon
his auditors that his object was primarily
to secure the free and unrestricted entrj
of bona fide Chinese merchants into this
country to the end that the commerce be
tween the United States and China might
be fostered and built up.
Attorney John Bennett on behalf of the
Consul General read an exhaustive state
ment cf the unfair restrictions enforced'
by the Treasury Department to the injury
of the Chinese merchants. He was fol
lowed by Colonel John P. Irish, H. Mc-
Allister, R. P. Schwerin and William
bwain, all of whom advocated a more lib
eral policy In dealing with the Chinese
immigration question. It was stated that
the present exclusion law was not in
tended to exclude the merchant and pro
fessional classes from landing on our soil
and that Its fair administration would ac
complish all that was asked.
It was shown that the Chinese mer
chants of this city pay nearly one-third
of the import duties collected at this port
and that the trade with China is almost
wholly in their hands.
A committee consisting of R. p
Schwerin, William Swain, William Har
ries and John Bennett was appointed to
formulate a plan of action whereby re
strictions against Chinese merchants : may
be removed. • .
U. C. Team Won.
BERKELEY, March 23.— The University
of California baseball team defeated the
Fireman's Fund nine this afternoon by a
score of 4 to 2. The game was the best
seen on the campus this season and was
watched by a large' number of enthu
siasts. Kaarsberg received excellent sup-
The League Club.
The members of Company D, League of
the Cross Cadets, have organized them
selves into a literary society under the
name of the League Club. The club pro
noses giving an entertainment and dance
In Native Sons' Hall on Friday evening,
April 27.
ORPHEUM' S BUNCH
OF GOOD THINGS
ft HAVE had only fleeting glimpses of
'the Orpheum stage during the past
II three weeks, but this has been enough
to convince me that the programmes
have been up to standard. When all else
fails one can go to the Orpheum. with the
certainty of being diverted. It is very
handy, indeed, to have such a place to at
tend.
Having been previously denied the com
fort of an evening at the Orpheum I sat
the programme through last night and
found it the best that has happened in
some time. | There is entertainment tucked
away in every act and- ail the laughter
that one may long for.
Only the managers know how difficult
It is to keep up to a high standard of vau
deville and only the out-and-out laymen
rind fault with a bill that is not amazing
ly good from beginning to end. I believe
in crediting the management of such a
house as the Orpheum with a conscien
tious effort to give the public the best at
tractions obtainable.
If there has been an occasional "gold
brick" In the bill of fare the management
is not an accessory, but is more the victim
than you or I. As I said once before, the
bad ones are given short shrift and, un
like the fictional feline, they never come
back. .
The current bill is headed, If there can
be said to be a distinct head, by Walter
Jones and Norma Whalley, who have
much that Is new and comic in songs and
business. Walter Jones' travesty on Sou
sa Is easily the best of many essays of
the kind and Miss Whalley is in the same
class with him— the first. »
The Misses. McCoy and Sam Marion are
dancers with enough grace and original
ity to do more than hold the eye; there is
something more than skill In their act,
which Is novel and Intelligent.
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Drew humorize In
a snappy sketch and Weston and Yost
do something quite new in the way of a
dialogue between one of the pair, who has
the stage, and the other, who peddles
songs in the auditorium. Their "stuff" is
brisk and a very good sample of the great
American josh. A little polishing would
Improve the quality of their wit and that
I think may be looked for before they
make the round of the circuit.
If I have not already said that the whole
programme was good I must do so now
It is. PORTER GARNETT. 1
Volney Ashford's Funeral.
OAKLAND, March 23.— The funeral
services of the late Volney V. Ashford,
ex-commander of the Hawaiian army,
devoid of all ostentation. The fu
neral was held this afternoon and Rev.
Dr. Curry of Tem<?3cal officiated at the
ceremonies held at the Mountain View
Cemetery-
the beneficiaries of this estate, for whom
he is in equity the attorney.'"
In concluding. Mr. Wheeler said: "In
an application of this kind and character
it would not be out of place to make some
allusion to the reciprocal relation of the
bench and bar. To the Judge on the bench
there la nothing more dear than to know
he has the confidence of the community
in which he lives and rears his family.
Does this apply with any less force to
that profession of which confidence la the
keystone? A reputation for unprofes
sional conduct or of even a suspicion
would cause a member of the bar to be
looked at askance by clients, by brother
lawyers and by Judges themselves. On
that ground an attorney should hesitate
long before he steps into court and makes
such charges.
"If there has been anything unprofes
sional or suggesting even indelicacy your
Honors' duty is a plain one. I do not
stand here to say to the court that we
ask for mercy. I stand with the full pride
of my profession, holding my head aloft
with the gentlemen who are my asso
ciates. We ask you for no Quarter. We
ask you for the law."
Mr. Goodf ellow replied that he consid
ered as ridiculous the assertion that he
was appearing for conflicting Interests. He
said he bad announced his withdrawal as
attorney for Thomas H. B. Varney Jr. in
dividually, and that he was confirmed in
his position that his motion should prevail.
Judge Ellsworth made some queries con
cerning Goodfellow's theory about the
transcript of testimony being a priviUgad
communication. The reply was: "I am
grateful to your Honor for asking ques
tions. The trouble with the Supreme
Court is that they do not ask questions,
and then decide a case on some point that
is not argued."
Judge Ogden later during Mr. Goodfel
low's argument said:
"If this motion is decided adversely to
you, Mr. Goodfellow, will you be ready to
go to trial on Tuesday?"
Mr. Goodfellow was rather startled at
the question, but announced that he might
like to ask for delay in such a contin
gency.
Referring to Mr. Treat, Attorney Good
fellow said he was satisfied to take that
attorney's testimony as to his connection
with the case.
"But Ido not apologize." he added. "It
was the inference at the beginning of tlils
hearing that Treat came into the ¦ case
through' Information given- by Mr. Eari.
I made the motion on facts as they then
appeared to exist."
Mr. Wheeler directed attention to tha
fact that Mr. Treat's testimony upset that
theory, and concluded:
"But we are not insisting that Mr. Good
fellow must apologize
At the conclusion of the argument Mr.
Wheeler presented his motion against tho
appearance of Mr. Goodfellow at the trial,
and after setting forth with much detail
his grounds, had Attorney Goodfellow tes
tify concerning his relations as attorney
for the trustees, showing that since 1595
he had acted in that capacity.
"1 decline to argue or to discuss this
motion as unworthy of notice," announcsJ
Mr. Goodfellow.
"It seems to me it requires no discus
sion," were Mr. Wheeler's last words.
¦ No announcement was made as to the
time a decision would be rendered.
Nichols Makes a Statement.
BERKELEY. March 21— E. E. Nichols,
principal of the Lcrin School, who was
arrested yesterday on a charge of mal
treating three of his pupils, has addressed
a statement to the people of Bprkeley
regard'.ng tho charges. He requests that
no Judgment be pasaed upon him until hin
case Is tried before the Board of Kduca
tion. He says he did not unduly punish
the children and believes he will be ex
onerated from all blame by the board.
port from his team and pitched effective
ball. The Berkeley players have shown
great improvement under the coaching of
Van Haltren and are likely to give the
Cardinal team a hard rub for the annual
championship pennant. "Heney" Krus
and Moskimon pitched for the insurance
men, and both were hit hard and often.
DYING SOLDIER'S
MESSAGE TO HIS
PROMISED WIFE
His Mother Seeks in Vain
for Trace of Her Son's
Sweetheart.
Mystery of the Existence and Dis
appearance of Mabel Lowry.
May Have Entered a
Convent.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 23.
A mother has been trying for several
months to give the dying message of her
son to 'the young lady, who would have
been her daughter-in-law had not a Fili
pino bullet taken the Jlfe of Corporal Guy
B. Soden outside of Manila. , But though
an earnest search has been made for
many months the mother has been unsuc
cessful in her search. Mrs. Kate B.
Soden, the mother, has finally given up
her search and taken the body of her son
back to her home in Rid&efleld., Wash.
The mls3ing young lady is Miss Mabel
Lowry, and of her not the slightest trace
can be found.
Guy B. Soden was a corporal in the
Fourteenth United States Regular in
fantry, in which, he enlisted at the very
outbreak of the Spanish war. He went
out with the first expedition to the Philip
pines, entered Manila with General Mer
ritt and afterward engaged in the war.
wltn the insurgents. He was wounded at
the battle of Blockhouse 14 and died from
his wound.
When he was dying he asked a wounded
friend who was near him to take a mes
sage to his mother and to the young lady
who he said would have been Mrs. Soden
had he lived. The wounded friend, I Ben
Harbor, came to Oakland pome time ago
and delivered the message to Mrs. Soden.
Together with the mother he searched for
Miss Mabel Lowry, but without avail.
They heard • that Miss Lowry had left
her home in Kansas, where the Sodens
once lived, and had started for Manila to
Join the young soldier, and that upon her
arrival in San Francisco she had been met
with the story of- his death. She was said
to have entered a convent, but there is no
record to that effect. But strangest of all
is that the last letter that Mr?. Soden re
ceived from her son before he sailed out
of San Francisco harbor was indorsed
upon the back, "Mailed by your future
daughter-in-law." This would seem that
Miss Lowry was in San Fmncisco before
young Soden left, but still no trace of her
can be found. Mrs. Soden writes:
"We have never been able" to find Mabel
Lowry, though We have searched in every
direction. Ben Harbor, wiro brought us
Guy's last words, says that that was the
name Guy gave him, but we have never
been able to find her address in any of
Guy's books or papers. We wrote to one
address we found there, but It proved to
be another young lady who had simply
met him. The last letter we got from Guy
was written at the Presidio. On the back
of the envelope was written. 'Mailed by
your future daughter-in-law.' We would
like to find Miss Lowry. so that we can
give her Guy's last message and thank
her for her kindness to our boy."
DRIFTING DOWN
THE COLORADO
ON FLATBOATS
" ¦ ? ¦ ¦¦';." - *
Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Moore Jr.
Plan a Very Unusual
Will Visit the Town of Blythe— Mr.
Moore to Retain His Position in
the Attorney General's
Office.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 111S Broadway, March, 23.
A very small and a very select party will
make a very.' long and a very unusual trip
in a few weeks. The party will be com
posed of A. A. Moore Jr. and his wife,
formerly. Florence Blythe,. and j Dr. . J. P.
Dunn, one of the leaders of the medical
fraternity of Alameda County. The trip
Is a duplicate of x the now famous drift
made by young Lelter of Chicago down
the Colorado River. .•;¦¦•¦
It is not an idle desire to take an un
usual trip that prompts the party, but an
examination of a map of California will
show that in the extreme eastern end of
Riverside County, almost on the banks of
the Colorado River, there is the town of
Blythe. The map does not show any other
settlements in the neighborhood, and It Is
in a section that is hardly regarded as a
populous one. But many years ago
Thomas Blythe, the father of Mrs. Moore,
invested heavily in that section of the
country. S He purchased something like
50,000 acres of land and spent a small for
tune in building a series of irrigating
ditches through the land. He knew that
It was good land, and that with irrigation
it would be Immensely valuable. He act
ually began to cultivate it, and the town
of Blythe was founded, when he died.
During the litigation over his estate this
great property was almost forgotten. It
was so far out of the usual paths and so
difficult of access that few of the litigants
or managers of the property ' ever : saw it,
and as tp its exact condition there is con
siderable doubt even to-day.
So it is that Mr. and Mrs. Moore have
decided to visit the property and see it for
themselves, and the easiest way to reach
it is to take flatboats and drift down the
river to Blythe, tie up there and then take
to the boats again and continue the trip
to Yuma. Dr. Dunn, the warm personal
friend of Mr. Moore, will accompany the
couple. The trip will occur immediately
upon the closing of the southern session
of the Supreme Court at Los Angeles,
which Mr. Moore will attend as Deputy
Attorney General. Mr. Moore, who has
proven one of the most efficient assistants
of Attorney General Ford, in the criminal
department in particular, has reconsidered
his resignation. Harry A. Melvin will be
come a candidate for the Superior bench
of Alameda County, should Judge W. E.
Greene receive the appointment to the
proposed Federal Judgeshlp of Hawaii, as
now seems probable.
ALAMEDA BOYS
TAUGHT TO SEW
Use of Needle arid Thread Be
comes Part of Their Curriculum
in the Public Schools.
TROUBLES OP RISING! KNIGHTS OP THE NEEDLE.
57T? LAMEDA, March 23.— "Teacher, Johnnie Jones hooked my needle case."
I\\ "Please, may I have the emery bag from Tommy Tompkins?" "Please,
Ir — <\do you cut button-holes on the bias?" : c
These are samples of the questions that now fly back and forth In
Alameda schoolrooms since sewing has been added to /the curriculum of the
department. without regard to whether the pupil be male or female. No one
seems to know exactly how sewing came to be taught to the boys of Ala
meda, for it Is not down in the lists, but seems to have been added by the
principals of some of the schools. ? Now the male youth of Alameda is walk
ing about town, with fingers stuck full of holes, and talking about "O O
needles" and cutting things on the bias, and "darn" has become a popular ex
clamation. • '• -' • ' .
There Is going to be a series of explanations at the next meeting of the
Board of Education over the matter. ; The people of Alameda are divided upon
the utility of the work. .
"There Is no telling when sewing will come in handy," said Judge A. F. St.
Sure. "Sometimes a button gets off, whether you are married or not, and
It most always come In handy to. know how to get It back." "Sewing Is a
good thing to know how to do. especially In politics," said State Senator Tay
lor. "If you only know how to sew your enemies up you are all right. A po
litical sewing school would be a big thing."
"A stitch .in time saves nine," said Joe Lanktree, "If you only know when
and how to take that stitch. I wish I had known how to take It last spring."
JOYOUS BAPTISTS TO
REDEDICATE CHURCH
Exercises Began Last Evening With
a Beoeption and Will Con
: tinue Sunday.
The members of the First Baptist
Church and their friends gathered in the
church edifice last evening to begin the
exercises of rededication, which will be
continued next Sunday morning and even
ing. The church structure was burned
last' October. The new building looks
much as it did before the flre ana « the
programme that was Issued last evening
emphasized this fact, the exception being
the lack of the old tall spire. Last night s
exercises were largely informal. There
was a church reunion and roll can, at
which the pastor, Rev. E. A. woods.
D. D., presided." Then came a reception
and social hour. .
The exercises on Sunday will open at
11 a. m., when the pastor will deliver^ a
sermon. The trustees will report that the
church building is rededlcated entirely
free from debt. Special music will be fur
nished. The first Sunday-school service
will be held at 12:30. In the evening there
will be a praise service and a Christian
Endeavor service. At the praise service
congratulatory . addresses will be de
livered. ' ;
IROQUOIS BRAVES ON
EVIL OF IMPERIALISM
Debaters Insist That United States
Constitution Must Be Supreme
in "All American Territory.
The Iroquois Club discussed Imperialism
last night and came to the conclusion that
the national government must accept the
proposition of giving the newly acquired
territories the same laws and privileges
which the States and Terrtories of the
Union enjoy or retire from the enormous
te . r /ii tory which was acquired in the war
' wl *r s ? am - The particular proposition
under debate was the following: VRe
i?l\i x oohT h . at } he u constitution of the
United States is the supreme law, not
alone in, the States, but also in all the
territories of the United States, whether
organized or unorganized, and any law,
order, decree or regulation*ln conflict with
its provisions Is a usurpation of authority
a r m . enace J f° constitutional liberty."
* The n,,? dln f, participants in the debate
were Clitus Barbour, Charles Gildea- and
A. IJ. Lemon. They advanced no argu
ments An opposition to imperialism that
are not already well known and frequent
ly urged. Their remarks were followed
by a general discussion in which nearly
every speaker contended that colonial de
velopment of the United States must be
njfde within the field left open by the con
stitution of the United States
|lJnllE-P RAKE I
¦ ll " m *'jf_Amalgam&for R
New' Use for, .Wireless Telegraphy.
Wireless \ telegraphy has ¦. had ¦ & ; new . demon-
stration of UFefulness ¦ by the captain of V
lightship, who i used .". It ' after .. ordinary,* signal*
had ; failed,' to \ notify ; the '• shore . authorities of
danger. " In a like : manner,; Hostetter** } Stom-
ach ': Bitters, the ] famous ' dyspepsia "; cure, acts
when all other medicines fall/ It* superiority
is quickly : f e-H >In ¦ the renewal •of strength.^ -U It
regulates ' the bowels, Improves ¦ the . appetite
and cures Indigestion.* Try lt. - "
J
- i
V-
• . ¦¦¦ \
FEATURES in NEXT |
SUNDAY'S CALL, I
March 25, 1900. H
HOW I DIVED FIFTY FEET UNDER i|
WATER AT SHAG ROCK/ 0
: BY, NAN BYXBEE. g|
TENDING BAR IN A BARBARY COAST fS
SALOON. H
-PUBLIC SPEAKERS AS VIEWED BY JR
THE STENOGRAPHER. H
SAN FRANCISCO 'AS SEEN BY AN |j
EDUCATED INDIAN. B
KBITS OF SAN FRANCISCO AS SKETCH* |?
ED BY OUR BEST KNOWN ART* ?!
THE FESCUE OF THE CREW AND £9
PASSENGERS OF THE WOLCOTT. H
FASHIONS, BOOKS AND THRILLING H
STORIES. g
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM 0
¦' * :'"'¦.. ¦¦- ¦- ;..- "; 'AT T - *" fe|
' " ¦." ¦* ' -'..'"¦-¦. i;i . .-,.¦¦;¦ "... . ¦ - . * ¦' ' J E3
9LOT.T 25x114 ft. on Twentieth st.'near Castro:
sewer, gas. water service lnstde of curb line;
street woTklncluded: price $1400. Owner next
, d00r. "4157 Twentieth •*.
WANTED— A 'pressw at US Russ st.
. •' EXCHANGE. 1 • '
FOR exchange — For ¦ lots ?In • ' Alameda."; . new
¦ house of 8 rooms, * new: cottage of 6;rooms," 1 2-
.:¦ story house of 6 rooms,'- at a cash { valuation.'
J. H. YOUNG, j Builder.' 1243 ; Park <' st; .Ala-
¦mega.. Cal. - -^ "..-¦'- ¦' ¦.'. fj -..-.¦ :U --
TO exchange— looxl2o; Seventh aye., entrance to
, Park, terminus \- McAllister ¦": and -¦'-, Geary »•• st^
-cars;. value $5000; equity $2000.% Box 3170; Call.'
SMART, experienced •¦ collector; ? Industrial - in-
- surance."; R_ RALPH.' 4OB Montgomery, st. r. 6.
COMPOSITORS at " 310 - Hayes st ;
". straight . matt&.i3ESB93BMHC9BnBMHEmBI
WANTED— A young man for 1 hour bookkeep-
ing in the evening; state salary. Box 3176,
Call offlce. <¦• •'¦¦-./. -:.¦•¦¦•¦¦¦<, ¦¦•"¦•- "' '¦"'¦¦
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— 6-ROOM Eastlake cottage (very cozy) ; re-
duced to $12. SPECK A CO., 667 Market st
A MAN to work on a chicken ranch and handy
with ' tools ; at Tiburon ; C $10 per \ month.
LEISEN & ¦ CO., 222 Clay st, » Sa n: Francisco.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORBES for : sale; also, wagons, buggies,
¦ carts." harness. ; Grand Arcade Horse Market
827 Sixth st; auction - sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.-
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN,. 4I3 Montgomery.
On furniture, : pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF . your property -Is mortgaged and you need
- more money see H.~ MURPHY. 630 Market »t.
TO salaried men, without collateral or Indorser;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 2lc up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladies. 91< O'Farrell sf
WANTED— Man ' and wife,' private family. $40
V-to $46; 2 men and .wives for fruit ranches, $40
and $55: man and wife for poultry ranch, $45.
J. F. CROSETT agency, 628 Sacramento st. y L
WANTED— Second ; cook for mine, ¦ $40 and free
' fare ...¦."."..............¦..;......... ".. '.."..*. ."..";¦:.
¦ Gardener for ranch near city, $26 and board;
¦4 : more woodchopDers . for good layout. San
Mateo County, $1 CO per c0rd.."........;;...;....i
10 laborers for sawmill " company, ¦no experi-
ence reauired,- $26 and board and fare paid:
milkers. $30. ? and others.f W. D. EWER A
; CO., 610 Clay. St. n iflllll IWIIIUHHtHI' I JIM
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of. adver-
tisements and ; subscriptions has .been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 8 p.m. :
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 521% Mission, op Mint
LEDERER'S Quintonlca Hair Tonic Ssc bot.
and Lederer's Foamo Shampoo 9c pkg. are
Just what Lederer uaesat 123 Stockton st
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
ASTHMA cure gives perfect relief. Call or
address N. A. DILLON. 1329 Vallejo st
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season; handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir. Tree; only Institution In the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER ¦ COLLEGE, 635
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco, New York,
St Louis, Chicago, Minneapolis.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Mkt., bet. 10th A 11th—
Ctr. Mon. 8 p. m., Thur. 2 p. m.,25c; sit. dally.
WANTED— Young girl to mind baby; sleep
home; $10 a month. 233 Sixth st . ... '¦ ¦'¦:.
STORE to let 322 Fifth st.
WANTED- An experienced waitress; sleep
home ; wages $5 per we^k. 32 Sixth St., bakery.
A YOUNG girl wants to do housework or car*
for children: across the bay or In country
'preferred. 424 Seventh st, between Harrison
and Bryant. _^i
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A COMPETENT dressmaker, good cutter and
fitter, $1 00; dresses made over; quick worker.
Address 4441 Twentieth st, near Eureka.
AN elderly woman, flrst-claes American cook,
trustworthy and obliging, elegant baker, good
managing housekeeper, wishes a situation; a
good home more of an object than wages. 770
Harrison st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 414H O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
GIRLS WANTED ,
To work on shirts; beginners taught LEVT
STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont st. ; elevator. ¦
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023% Market st
A GENUINE Parker Bros.' 12-bore shotgun for
$19; cost $40. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
EDUCATIONAL.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and ' Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
BUNNY ncr» flat, 2409 Sutter St.; 7 large i rooms
tnd hath; lent reasonable. Apply MADISON
* BURKE.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without platea our specialty; .gold ¦ crowns;
$3 60 up; pfates. extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9a. m. to 10 n. m. ; Sundays, 9to 3
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGIC W. LEISK. SO O'Farrell st, ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly rby his won-
derful secret method: crowns, ?2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
priiee; no student*; guaranteed 12 years. -'¦
SEE last Sun. -Chron. and Call for
60 .houses adv. by M. GRIFFIN.: 7I9 Market
A GENUINE BARGAIN SALE.
Fine Knabe upright latest design; make
offer: beautiful Bruenn upright like new.
Arion. $55: Hallett & Davis. $40^2 German
uprights. In good order. $.a and $90: Dunham
upright. $140: Sherwood. $143: 2 almost new
uprights, cheap, for storage and advances.
BRUENN. 208 Pest st.. above Grant aye.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest bouse
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE S.
29. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. . •
"-. -v" :^ :: ¦;/: FLATS :- TO ¦, t' l^ --A
A— BRAND new ¦ 4 and 5 rooms ; grand Tlew.
1421 Green st. near Van Ness aye.
IV unequaled : record— Our - business Is larger
than ever; our prices the lowest: our terms
reasonable; our guarantee absolute; high-
grade pianos from $325 up: medium-priced
pianos from $130 up: second-hand planosfrom
$55 up; pianos for rent: sole agents for Chick-
erlng. Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos. IS to
20 O'Farrell st. ••¦¦- .-¦-'^¦¦-
21 rooms ;, Mission* st: reduced to- :..."... '.' $800
40 rooms; sunny corner: a bargain .". B*o
" 60 rooms; corner; must sell ..". "..... 20CO
105 rooms; corner; clears $175.... — ..... 10C0
R. H. WINSTON, A CO.. 1026 Market st.
30 ROOMS ; newly furnished throughout : good"
location; transfer point; cheap rent; this Is a
great bargain if sold Immediately. RIVERS
.. BROS., 227 Montgomery 5t"; ... .
Xi BARGAlN— Stelnway,' $125 ; " store t epen Sat
evening. - Heine Piano Mf«. Co.. 136 Ellis st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor." Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, 13; fillings, 20c
WANTED— An I experienced I furniture . salesman
for SacramentoV Apply 823 Market st, room
. • 7," between 2 and 8 p. m.^BSsawaßtißMiaawM
WILL . exchange i very desirable I lots in ' Seattle.
Tacoma or Blalne, i Wash., I for . country home
near San Francisco.;, A." D., box 3113, Call.
M. MacLEOD'S specialty is buy ins;, selling and
:•- exchanging : lodging-houses; |if I you i have i such
business It will pay you to call at 1706 Market.
near .Tenth. . With G. W. H. PATTERSON.
WANTED— A good block butcher; 830 a month
:V and found.;; Apply -331 Mission, st.;. '< ,
PARIS Exposition— Well-educated .Frenchman,
familiar with European resorts *nd languages,
wants position as guide; references. Address
A. P.. Crockett. Cal. ¦, *
EMPLOYMENT wanted by a watchmaker. . 827
Third at. ¦' ¦ <. ¦¦¦ , ¦.¦/¦¦':: ¦-.?¦-,¦•¦¦¦¦-• •*¦.-..: . -„
MIDDLE-AGED blacksmith, in not the best of
health, wants light Job: helping ; ln- shop; •no
shoeing: small -wages expected. Address ¦H.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and ¦ subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce i for the ¦ reception of adver-
tisements ¦ ar.d subscriptions ' has ¦ been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until >p."m.7
A BRANCH," office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. v v*»wwm«m«BnMMW— wasaaa— sae»»t3
MUSICAL. I.NMUI JUK.VfS.
RENT reduced; 2405-7 Butter St.; 6 rooms and
bath: large yard. Apply MADISON A
BURKE. ___I_l
RENT $10— Cottage of S rooms. Apply at SE.
cor. Preclta aye. and Folsom st
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
. and 1625 Market st.,' bet. Twelfth and Brady;
' also some fine matched black teams.., ... .
FOR BALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
,'¦• buggy. DALZIEL..Vet. Dentist. 805 O. G. ay.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Swltzer*s
Horse Market. ". Twelfth and Market sts.
YOUNG couple, no children, lately from East,
desire situations; 1 woman capable of. doing
general housework: man to do outside labor-
Ing; steady positions desired. Call or address
, G. . 8.. 120 Fourth St., room 2. . -". ; >, ,
STRONG young German ' wishes to do any kind
of . work ; • city, or country. ¦-¦ Address 18 Lucky
aye., Folsom, near Twenty-fourth.
A YOUNG Frenchman of good education ¦ and
reputation, who can speak, read and; write
English, wishes to go to the Paris Exposition
with an. American family or somebody as an
Interpreter; moderate terms and can give gvod
references, Addreas JEAN LACLERQUE, 27
Scott place.. S. F., Cal.
BARBER wants a% steady Sunday Job. 20ft
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 944 Howard
Ft. 10 a, m. to 10 p. m.
MME AUGUST; clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MONEY loaned on furniture, pianos, dia-
. monds. etc. BRIDGES. 927 Market, room 316.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
• Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st. r. 12.
SITUATION by . young man taking care of
horses, cows, garden; good driver; references.
WANTED— 2O laborers for lumber road. $26 and
found ; 15 woodsmen, . $26 and • f oun-1 ; , 10 tl«
i makers. 12c each; * wood choppers • for mine,
$130 cord; steam feed sawyer, $4 Jay; edger
man. $2 75 day; shingle sawyer; 2 laborers for
mine, $1 day and board: farmers for orchard
work, $1 day; milkers, $25 and $30;. and many
others. J. F. CROSETT agency, 62S Sacra-
¦ ¦ mento st. • ':'¦•:: ¦¦_.;¦ • .•
CHESTER CARLETON. magnetic healer and
massage treatmt. 1352 Market, rms. 27 and 28.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8. F.
BARBER BCHOOU 741 A Howard. ,
LINDELL House, 'i corner Sixth and Howard—
: Rooms IBe to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 Third ' st. : near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading, room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ;
CLASSIFD33D advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
-. subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
- lencla st.' .. : ¦;' •¦ :..' - : > ' :- ¦¦-.- ' ¦
WANTED— PaBtry cook and assist at range.
• $12 week; broiler. $55; cook, country boarding
house, $40; t restaurant waiters, 17 . wee't and
$40 month;' boarding house -. waitress, $20;
dishwashers • and others. , J. F. CROSETT
.agency, 628 Sacramento st." • • . . .
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st is the original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c.
GREEN hands and seamen to go "north for the
summerat HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st _ '
KELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED — Neat young " driver :r for creamery;
' $8 week. J. F. CROSETT agenoy. 628 Sacra-
: mento st ¦'"¦-•
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln.'.Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver : House,": 217 Third • st : < 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
EMPLOYMENT-. WANTED MALES.
AN elderly single gentleman (German) desires
an easy position: he Is competent to take
charge of or to catalogue a library, to do any
literary work, to superintend and to keep ac-
counts of agricultural or horticultural prop-
erty, to take charge of a gentleman's place
in absence of owner; terms moderate. Box
3169; Call offlce. ¦
SITUATION wanted as manager or steward In
a hotel, club or restaurant; 20 years' experi-
ence East and West; best references. Address
box 3165. Call offlce.
On . real estate. Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER A CO.. 26 Montgomery.
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and
. other : collateral. D. McRAE, .743 Mission st
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Exchge., 431 Calif.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 366 Parrott build-
ing— Men can, secure loans on personal note.
LOANS to ' salaried people; ? personal security
only. TOUSLEY, 321 Parrott building.
OLD gold bought; money loaned on every de-
scription'of collateral. Coleman's, 506 Kearny.
YOUNG girl for housework; must sleep at
home. Call after 10 a. m.; 3720 Twentieth st
600 VAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
.•¦ price. '. 662 Mission st, bet. Ist and 2d sts.
THE very neatest parlors In the city and only
25c for the very latest hair styles; manicur-
ing. 25c: open Sundays. 9 to 12. O. LEDERER,
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and 69, Donohue building, 1170 Market st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework In small
¦ family. 2836 California st.
TAILORS— FIrst-class ladies' tailor wanted on
jackets and waists; must be rapid and pro-
ficient In details. Apply to STEIN, SIMON
-¦ * co. ¦-¦¦ ¦'¦¦-'.- ¦'- ¦-?-¦ - ' ¦ ¦
WANTED — A young lady experienced In short-
hand and typewriting. Address B. P., box
4455, Call offlce.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes a posi-
tion as housekeeper or cook on a ranch. Call
713% Bush st.
WANTED — HANDS on skirts and . waists.
FRANCES. 796 Sutter st. .
MRS. LESTER circles Mon. and Frl.. 8 p. m.;
10c; readings 25c and 60c. 116 Fourth st.
A VERY intelligent German widow lady, under
$5 years, no children, wishes to make the ac-
quaintance of a man with means. Box 3173.
Call offlce.
MRS C J. MEYER, 315 McAllister: spiritual
readings daily; test cir. to-night, Thurs. at 2.
FRANK C— l would like to hear from you:
Important L-. box 3171, Call.
YOUNG girl would like to do light housework;
, no objection to country. Please call at 814 ft
PERSONALS.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
I second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldff."
WANTED— A waitress In
Turk st.
restaurant 111
GIRL to wait on table. 108 Hayes st.
MME. Neergaard, Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads Ito 8. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
PALMISTRY.
REFINED young woman wants place as sroT-
erness, seamstress, nurse to convalescent; ref-
f-rences. M. G., 631 Taylor st. .
MONEY TO LOAN.
WANTED— German girl or woman to assist
with children. 3432 Eighteenth st
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my. terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
$20— STORE: 2 show-windows and 's large rooms;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st
AMERICAN wowan wishes situation as. work-
Ing housekeeper; city or country; best of ref-
erences. MRS. LISTON, 1926 Market st
WANTED— A girl for light housework. 10C4A
MINING AND ASSAYING.
OFFICES AND STORES— TO LET.
WANTED— TaiIor with $450 to buy paying busi-
ness; central location. Including double store;
owner must sell on account sickness. N. P.
SKYTTE. 1175 Twenty-third aye., E. Oakland.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L.- WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
EXPERIENCED, ¦ reliable and locally thor-
oughly acquainted man to drive bottled beer
wagon. Apply GAMBRINUS BOTTLING CO..
316 Tenth st.
SALOON wanted In Sac Francisco; cash; no
agents. Address box 3141. Call offlce.
MEDICATED BATHS.
ATTKNTION! •••.: HEMOraD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Tour Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance la priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
ail diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
If yon cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always sacce«Fful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices remov»«J to her residence, 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get c.T at Clinton Station. 2d station from
Broadway. . •
SPIRITUALISM.
BOILERS engines, drill presses, planes, lathes.
Iron A wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beal?.
GERMAN girl for general housework and cook-
Ing; 3 In family; wages $22. 1220 Potrero aye.
YOUNG lady from East, entire stranger, de-
sires offlce work of any kind; can furnish
first-class reference from last employer. ¦ Ad-
dress box 31£S, Call offlce. ¦ , <
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter st;
tel. Main SS4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
WANTEEV— Experienced girl for stationery and
notion . business; one thoroughly acquainted
with magazines. Apply 42 Third st."
NEAT woman or girl for light housework and
take care of child: $10: good home. 2520 Mis-
sion st, near Twenty-first. ¦¦.•-¦¦.--;'.•¦..¦
COMPETENT seamstress- and chambermaid;
small American family; state references. Ad-
dress box 3173, Call office. »
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
offlce; best help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas Aramorl, 806} i Stockton; tel. John 2121.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. nr. Pine.
BEDMAKER wanted ; none but experienced
need apply. 829 Howard st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment . at offlce. $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st, bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to, 5 p. m.
AUTOMATIC sewing machine; oak woodwork;
latest attachments: cheap. 145 Sixth st.
BARBER .wanted for Saturday. 1006 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment offlce; estn Wished over five years.
421 Post st. ; telephone' Bush 135.
A. FINE suit. $10: dresa pants. $2 73. BROWN
BROS. CLOTHING. 437 Montgomery st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
In confinement ; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $j; any ailment: consultation free. 942
Post st.. between Hyde and Larkln.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI,
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Barber at 433 Pine st.
CARRIAGE? AND WAGONS.
EMPLOYMENT. OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Offlce furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants, 4 Carlos place, oft O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
DR. NG TOY KEE, late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento St., cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free: offlce hours, 10 a. m. to 12 m.,
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
BARBER wanted to work 6 days a week. 103
Fourth st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
A— BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB
Phone South 279. Room 202, 927 Market St.
8 second girls, neat, good homes; 4 women for
general housework, $20, $30; pantry woman,
$35 to $45;. thoroughly competent young girl,
$15; assistant nurse, light service, good home;
young woman for -care of child 4 months old,
some sewing and washing, - good wages to
right party. - ¦ :
CLASSES In German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
BARBER i wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
-wages. 105 Fourth st. .
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st ; open until 9 p. m.
HIGH- ARM Singer sewing machine: good con-
dition: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission st.
ESPINA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
WANTED— 2 German or Scandinavian laund-
resses, $30, city and country; cook, $35, no
wash; 3 Protestant second girls, $20; cook,
country resort, $30; boarding-house cook, $25;
German nurse, $25; nurse, 2 children, $20; 6
restaurant and bakery waitresses, $6, $7 a
week; hotel waitresses, $20, city and country;
waitress, $20, Institution; cook, $23, see lady
at 11 a. m. J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter St.
BAR and back bar; a bargain. 513 Jackson
st. bet Kearny st and Montgomery aye.
I GOOD barbers for Saturday; good wages.
652 Sacramento St., corner Kearny.
DBS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure In one
day; 15 years' successful practice In S." F. ;
maternity home; low fees. - 1007^ Market st.
MEDICAL.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKL 1008 Mission; violin, guitar.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 89 Third
street. fc
!-H. P. marine gas engine, complete; 6-H.P.
marine gas engine. H. S. White, 518 Mission.
FOR sale— Fine double-door safe at a bargain.
BARBER. Saturday; close I p. m. ; wages $3.
Corner Clay and Front sts.
BLACK and white fox terrier; tag numbered
3230: reward. 675 Bush St.; rooms 14 and 24. '
A— ANEROID barometer for $7 60; cost $13.
Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
BARBER: $3; from 10 to 8:80; chanoe for perma-
nent extra Job. 66 Second st
A NICE trunk and some man's clothins for
sale, cheap. 417 Kearny st
BARBER shop; completely furnished; location
first class. Add. P. O. box 364, Alameda, Cal.
LOST— Sunday morning, March 11. in cathedral
or ' crossing Van Ness aye., a gold garter
clasp, red enameled fleur de Us In diamonds.
Please return 2123 Buchanan st; liberal re-
. ward. .
10,000 FEET good second-hand pipe, 1 to « Inch
dlam.; in lots to suit THOMPSON. 40 Main.
LOST— Large black cocker soanlel; tag 3311;
name Nig; liberal reward. 1041 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS oyster House for sale on account
of sickness. 60 Seventh st
FOUR-CHAIR barber shop for sal->; cheap.
3095 Sixteenth st., near Valencia; party going
north. - ••¦-.¦.
FOR sale — Small oyster house cheap; $100. Ad-
dress box 4490. Call offlce.
AYRES', leading business college, 728 Market;
individual Instruction; bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing; life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
LOST— Thursday, match box marked J. L W.
Jr. to His Brother. 1853; suitable reward. Re-
turn to J. L WRIGHT. 640 Market st
ALL students but two taking full course
this «year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINNESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st
C R. HANSEN A C0..... PH0NE GRANT 186
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....
I waitresses, flrst-class hotel, Fresno. $20,
free fare, see , party here ; 6 waitresses, dif-
ferent country, hotels, $20: 2 waitresses, city,
$20; restaurant waitress. $6; 2 chambermaids,
flrst-class' hotels; 3 chambermaids to wait,
$20; woman cook, $30, and waitress, same
place, $20; woman cook. Institution, $30,
choice place; fancy lroner, resort, $25 and
found.
......FAMILY 0RDER5.......
Young girl, care of children and plain cook-
Ing, no washing, $16; house girl for small
family In city. $25; nurse girl. $10, $12; sec-
ond girl for country, see party here at 10
o'clock to-day, : and long llet of orders for
. all kinds of work. C. K. HANSEN A CO.,
104 Geary et
HELP MT ANTED— FEMALE.
GOLD watch, going from St Patrick's Church
to Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please return
BOOKKEEPINO as It is done; superior post-
graduate course: rapid calculations. TARH,
expert accountant Flood building. ¦-
CORNER cigar stand. 97 Third st. northeast
corner of Mission.
MAN . lroner, country hotel laundry, $40 and
found; man lroner. extra, same place, $160
'day and found; free fare for both: -apply
early. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st
$2S 60— COMPUTING scale, revolving platform:
Fairbanks counter scale, beam and brass
scoop, nickel plated; cigar oasa.. 801
Turk st.
LOST— 22d lnst., on Pacific or Taylor sts.. sil-
ver watch, engraved "Isabella Fredericks."
Return to 20 Metcalfe place; reward.
NEW bakery and laundry; 8-can milk wagon; 2-
teated spring wagon: 1 heavy and 2 light de-
livery wagons. 22 Cortlarid aye.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirror*,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1083 Mission st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post »t, S. F.—
Practical courfeß In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ;. new 80-page catalogue free.
FOR sale — Old-established grocery and bar;
pood location; long lease; good opportunity
for one or two young men; no agents. Ad-
dress box 3122. Call offlce.
LOST, in neighborhood of Claremont — Sable and
white collie dog answering to the name ot
Dido; suitable reward will be paid on return
to owner. CAESAR YOUNG, Claremont aye.,
bet. Webster and College ayes., Berkeley.
LOST AND FOUND.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
flce furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
st. above Sixth.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor A Moffat
$400— CORNER saloon; no Indebtedness; good
reputation. Address box 8146. Call offlce.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-IS7 Fremont st.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary st: dresses
made, $5 up: dreßsea made over; perfect flt
FIRST-CLASS cigar stand for sale at 117
O'Farrell St., next to Orpheum. _•
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
TEN rooms, bath, gas and water; also one cot-
tage, connected. 3 rooms: good location. 1 For
particulars address or apply to MRS. OBITZ,
Petaluma aye.. San Rafael. Cal.
8. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught 805 Van Ness.
FOR sale— Saloon; suitable for man and wife;
on account departure. Box 3087, Call office.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
• MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
RESTAURANT for sale. 34 Eighth st; oome
and see. : :"-" '-
McDOWELL Dressmaking Sohool; sewing de-
partment cp»n to all during March. 103 Post
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FURNITURE FOR SAL>BJ.
$150— FURNITURE of a private roomlnf-house,
.consisting of 3, rooms and kitchen; bargain;
$12. 850 Bryant str upstairs. ,-'¦¦.'
FINEST saloon In Santa Cnu; very popular
snd paying; eld established trade. WEST-
ERN LAND CO., 640 Market st
COUPLE, with reference, want small furnished
- flat, north of ' Market st. : rent not over. $26.
Address box 3136, Call office. '
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Poet. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 7Ec; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated; doss boarded. Tel. 'West 636.
FLATS WANTED.
AT C R. HANSEN A C 0.'5 ....104 GEARY ST
100 teamsters and rockmen. $1 76 and $2 a
day, for the Coast Road In : Santa Barbara
County: free fare
20 muckers for. a mine. $2 10 a day. special
rate of fare: 10 laborers for railroad work,
$2 a day; shingle sawyer, pondman. sawmill,
$30; 10 farmers, different ranches, $20 and $26;
2 choremen for ranches, $20 and $25; quartz
miners, $2 60; underground carmen, $2; car-
penter and do plumbing, for Alaska, $50 and
free fare; 20 tie makers and woodchoppers; 1
milkers, $25
Fry cook, restaurant $56 to $60; second cook.
. $60; 3 cooks, small hotels, . $40, $30. $25: hot
cake and waffle baker, $40; pot washer, coun-
try hotel, $25.....
I 2 waiters, same country hotel, $25; 6 waiters,
$45, $40; a shampoer for springs; porter -for
baths at the springs. C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
104 Geary st.
FRUIT and vegetable store for sale; on ac-
count of leaving city. Apply Call office.
$14— WORTH $18; flat of 6 rooms and bath. 1417
.Pacific aye.. near Hyde. . ' ¦•- - -
DOG HOSPITALS
DR. CREELEY*S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital,
810 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. . Telephone East 287.
HOME bakery and branch for sale; living
roocs. Apply 403% Van Ness aye.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc. ; 8 graduate opera-
torn: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market
RESTAURANT for sale cheap on ¦ account of
going in other business. Apply 145 Fourth st
SET of teeth without plate,
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
A......:............: bfejcial ......... ......\....
Teamster for a mine, 4 horses, oall early....
$35 and found
Rigger, city Job, $2 60 day; blacksmith. $2 25
day; 8 coal buckers, $2 2S day; 5 ship car-
penters, }5 day; Jobber around carriages and
wagons, see boss here; boy to learn black-
smith trade, boss here....;... .... 515 and found
.8 butchers. $30 and' found ..:.....
• . MURRAY A READY, 684-636 Clay rt
THE Packard pianos are not cheap pianos, but
they are flrst-class In tone and unequaled In
finish: you buy them for a short time only ac
Introductory prices at MAUVAIS', 789 Mar-
ket st. MMfliaaH
TO let— Cigar store with rooms for factory or
saloon for sale. 4SB Fourth st
TWO sunny rear flats of 4 rooms; $8 each." 17
Pearl St., o« Markat, near Valencia.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for clr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A PLEASANT sunny house. 8 rooms and bath;
large basement and laundry; stable, carriage
house and garden.- 830 Shotwell St.. nr. 23d.
HOUSES TO LET.
FINE assortment of old and nets violins In all
sizes Just received from Europe; they wera
selected by experts for the MAUVAI3
FANCY grocery, strictly modern; «gJS» J^*-
tlon- unusual sacrifice. Apply PhAifELiji.
BUi'daM 4: CO.. wholesale grocers. 4 Cali-
fornia *t. '¦
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarit, 6 Turk: painless
ext, crowns, brtdgework;- open Sund. till 12.
SACRAMENTO. 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; rent
$12 CO. . •• ¦ ¦ ' -¦¦-.:•' : --
BARGAIN— Rooming-house, 24 rooms; house
full; cheap rent. 640 Howard st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1«3 Market, . nr. Uth— No
charge for extracting when plates are made :
old platee made over like new; teeth from $8
per set; extracting EOc; gas given. -,¦ .
$1200— GRAND chance; corner, J2 rooms; low
rent; must sell. Address 411 Sansome. rm. 17.
LODGING house. 40 rooms, near Market.. slBoo
Laundry route, with horse and wagon.. 403
-Saloon, very centrally lg»*&"jX'jft~i" «*p
Particulars from J. E. SLINK&Y & CO.. SE.
Corner Market and Fifth sts.
CORNER grocery and bar: must sell ; estab-
lished 30 years. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
$175— LODGING house of 11 rooms; Third st.
»- Address box 5167. Call nrfli r TMailllftl'llHlßlln'llM
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath for rent and the
furniture for sale; ; rent low. Inquire at 113
Third st • .'¦:--..•..¦'
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate,; $8; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $S5; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates,' thinner
and stronger . than rubber, ; warranted for 20
years; Jlllings. 50c;ccrowns. $3 CO: : all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth at --¦-.'¦
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
"' 1071^ Market st; examinations free; German
-eyewater by mall,. 50c. Phone. Mint
A— MURRAY A BEADT.;"..PHONH MAIN 684S
Leading • Employment : and Labor Agents,
..WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M.1... ...... .
61 farm." orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent places, $26,. 525, $20 and f0und.":.........
82 milkers, different places.. s3o. $35 and found
15 choremen and boys.. s2o, $15. $10 and found
5 strong boys or men for hop yards, fare $Ls3o
6 scraper teamsters for a ranch.. s26 and found
6 drillers, $60 5 single hand miners, $75....
18 laborers, city; Jobs .'.. ............
..'....-..;.-.;. .¦'.:.. -..51 75 day and $30 and found
10 laborers for mines. $30 and found
25 muckers for mine 5.. ......... and found
193 tlcma!ters, woodchoppers," $2 00. $2, $1 -".0,
'r. $1, ¦ 750 cord, 10c, lie, ¦ 12c each ; - tail edger
hand, log sniper, -gang edger hand, band
sawyer, : $4, $2 75, $3 day........ .....;
............. MECHANICAL: HELP... ....
Engineer for a mine,* call early.... ..'..590
10 coopers, carriage trimmer... ......... 53 day
| 6 carpenters, * months' Job, country.. s2 50 day
...HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS...
18 c00k5.... 550, $46, $40. $35, $10, $25 and found
19 waiters and dishwashers
....$3O, $25. $20, $15 and found
9 laundrymen $45, $40, $35, $30 and found
Milk wagon drivers, porters, bellboys; 184 Jobs
not advertised.. COME SEE
..MURRAY A READY. 634-CS6 Clay st
DENTISTS.
EXPERT " OPTICIANS.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
HOUSES— LODGING— FOR SALE. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 24, 1900.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$500 — WOOD and coal, hay and grain business);
bargain. MCLAUGHLIN A CO^777H^arkot.
$350— BUTTER and CKtc route: «nod horse and
wagen. MCLAUGHLIN A CO., T77ta Market.
$300— BUTCHHR shop, horse and wa«on: bar-
gain. Mclaughlin a co.. tiva Market st
$4r,p— CORNER saloon; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN &. CO.. 777% Market st
$Soo— PARTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
ness; staple goods: largu profits. For par-
ticulars see Mclaughlin &¦ co.. 777*
Market st ;
ELEGANT sunny flat; 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wil-
low aye.; near.Laguna st. ¦:"¦-' ¦'-' .
IF you want to move get printed list flats to Ist
,:: from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
$700-i-SELECT rooming-house: 9 rooms: perma-
¦-, nent roomers; new and clean. 437 Golden
... Gate aye. ..^sMS£sjaMffBIOaHBHBHtaHBM
$I:6— CIGAR stand snd le.undry ofnee: nn* lo-
cation. Mclaughlin. 777H Market st
MODERN downtown flats of 6 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. : 968 Pine st. ¦
NINTEENTH. . 8980. near Noe— Lovely sunny
lower 6-room flat, with room on porcn; ?«,
water, free. ' - ¦ ¦
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st • •? ~
A NICELY furnished sunny corner flat of 30
1 rooms for sale cheap. Box 3095. Call offlce.
$B— LOWER flat. 726H Harrison st. between
Third ¦ and Fourth. •
6-ROOM sunny flat; rent $14. . «M 8 Mission or
844 Capo st: ; J : ' ¦-'¦¦'
HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; large yarl; rent
$14. 821S Nineteenth st.. near Folsom.
DON'T buy; rent a new piano. $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes «t
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
BROADWAY. IJOB— 6 rooms, bath, laundry; fine
marine view; rent $20.
REAR house of 6 rooms. Inquire at 563 Ellis
street
FINE Fischer * Stelnway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary St.
PARTNER with 12000 for placer mining: I have
the property, pays from $26 to $50 per day to
the man; near Nome. Address A. J. 8..
box 44SS. Call offlce. _^_____
GOOD upright piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S, 219 McAllister st
SUNNY 10-room house; large garden, stable.
2432 Howard St., through to Capp: rent $50.
TO let— House of. X rooms; $9. IKS York st.,
near Twenty-second.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister st. next Hlbernla Bank.
HOUSES TO LET — FURBISHED.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1181 Mayket.
PRICE A ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black 4074.
CHAS. LEVY • buys your furniture, carpets,
I piano. 1135 Market St.: telephone Jessie 761.
A CLERK who speaks Scandinavian and Ger-
man for a business house. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays
the highest prioe for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry A Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
FOR sale, cheap; paying restaurant In best
location In city. Inquire 117 Battery st.
ban rn asci sco calu^
3VSJJCCSS OFFICE of the San Francisco
CalL comer of Market and Third streets, open
UEtil U o'clock every night In the year. .
BRANCH OFFICES-ITT Mont«cmery street.
comer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
299 Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
OS McAllister street; open until S:so p. m.
61fi Larkln street; epen until 8:90 p. m.
IS4I Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2251 Market street, comer Sixteenth! opea
unta S p. m.
IUC Eleventh street; open until S p. in.
1086 Valencia street; open until »-p. m.
122S Polk street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; opeo until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. 7
MEETING of the Past Masters* Asso- •
elation. F. and A. M.. of California. «#%-
will b«s held at Masonic Temple. onTt^T
SATURDAY. March 24. 1900. at 8/TT *
o'clock p. m. By order of the president
PETER T. BARCLAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. SO. F. and A. •
M. — Meeting THIS (SATURDAY)
EVEKIKO. at 7:30 o'clock. D. 1. }V/\
GEO. J. HOBE, See. ***
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. •
M.— Special meeting THIS (SATUR-^V
DAY) EVENING. March 24, at 7:SO 7t2T
o'clock. Third degree. I
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR D«rr«e Lodge No. 2.
L O. O. F.— Reralar meeting
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.
Second degree. ' '
A. K. KJNGSFORP. P. M.
HERMANN Lodge No. 14S, I. O. O.
F. — Officers and Funeral Commit- *gQ r 'yS~
tee ot Hermann Lodge No. HZ. I.
0.0. F., are requested to aesemble // "
at th<-:r hall on SUNDAY, Murch 25, at 12:30
p. m.. to sttend the funeral of oar deceased I
brother. J. C. KINDER. By order of the J
Noble Grand. M. R. JAGER, Sec. j
TSTSTERN Addition Camp — -» J
No. 2u6, Woodmen of the ",/V _ t-a j
World— Members will as- J *S2-*>S s^s}'"s3i.
tumble at entrance to tlfv'-> i -'s^ J^<32j '
Holy Cross CemcierT, at Voi^tT* 119 *"" 6 *"*^"^ i
f:3O p. m.. 6UNDAT.
March 25. to dedicate a monument to our late
neighbor. F. J. COURTNEY. Neighbors of
other camps cordially Invited.
GHO. A. TREAD WELL, C C.
V. F. De ROOO, Clerk.
EOCIETE Francaise de Bienfaisance MutuMle
'French Mutual Benevolent Society).— The an-
nual nut-tin* and election for the Board of Di-
rectors for the year ISOG-ISOI will be held SUN-
DAY. March 25, 11*00. at 1:30 o'clock p. m..
at Native Sens' Hall. 414 Mason St. N. B. —
Xo mt-mber shall be entitled to vote unless
provided with his book In good standing. For
the committee. H. FABREGUE, Sec
NOTlCE— liuercational Uri ck'.ayers' Union No.
1 of California meets EVERY MONDAY In
The Temple. 117 Turk st. : hall open every
day between 9 and 5; all I. U. men Invited;
charter open for SO days; contractors or build-
ers wanting rr»n Inquire at halL
W. D. PICKENS. President
WILLIAM KLEIN*. NICHOLAS DUGAN.
WILLIAM J. SHEEDY. I. U. Committee.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulio
prooess from George H. Hedrick. in the Hed-
rick gravel mine, near San Andreas, Cala-
veras County, to deposit tailings on a flat
below the mine; from William Weyman. in
the Weyman placer mine, tear Plaeervtlle.
El Dorado County, to deposit tailinss In a
reservoir below the mine; from Hugh H.
Cr«!n. In the Pigeon Creek mine, near Ply-
mouth. Arnador County, to deposit tailings
in Indian Creek: from Henry Meyer, in the
Greenhorn mine, at Cherokee, Nevada County,
to deposit talllnrs In Phady Creek, and from
the Emery Gold Mining Company, in the
Emery hydraulic mine, rear Mountain Ranch,
Ca!averas County, to deposit tailings In Adobe
Gulch, gives notice that a meeting will be
helfi at room 69. Flood buildimr, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on April 2, ISOO, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting — The annual meetinp of the
•stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Tompany will be hf!d at the office of the
company. 827 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal..
m MONDAY, the 2Cth day of March. 1900. at
th» hour of 12 m.. for the purpose of electing '
s beard of directors to serve for the. ensuing
year and the transaction of such other bupi-
ne** as may come before the meeting Trans-
fer books will close on Friday. March 1«. 1900.
at 12 m. W. H. HAN'XAM. Secretary.
ENGROSSING
Resolutions and diplomas a specialty. J. W. j
Griffith, Heald's Business College, 24 Post St.
AGENTS WANTED.
LADlES— Agents: something new. 602 Geary
rt.. San Francl«co.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MASERY of Efrypt. greatest astrolo-
e:n and palmist In tin- world: satisfaction
y^crarteed. 427 Golder. Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a sp*<lalty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atfy at law. f.50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 127 Market St.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law, has re-
eumed practice at 50J Cal. st.. Clunl» bids.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. £17 Mar-
k»t St.: consultation fr»e: nr> fees In advance.
BATH CABINETS THERMAL.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding; see it before
buying. W. S. lIROWy. Coast Agt.. 426 Ellis.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 794 Mission St.. near Third.
BOOT AND SHOE lIAKGAINS.
LATEST styles In men's tan shorn $1 50
Ladles' oxford ties, 75c; boys' shoes 85c
Baby shoes, very neat, sizes 2 to 6 35c
People's Shoe Store, 1303 Stockton Bt
COO PAIRS drummers' sample shoes at manu-
facturer's cost. J. Kohlbecher, 146 Fourth et.
BELGIAN HAKES.
BAN FRANCISCO Belgian Hare Co.. ICIS Shot-
yrell st, San Francisco. Thoroughbred Belgian
hares; Sir Britain, Rex Yukon. Prince Ban-
bur}"; service fee $5. Open until i o'clock p. m.
BELGIAN Hares — Norman Prince. Goldbug and
Sir Styles stock; breeding does a specialty.
2107 California st.
BOARDING roil CHILDREN.
FRENCH lafiy would like 1 or 2 children ~o
board; good borne: near school. 410 Taylor st
WANTED— I or 2 children to board In German
family. 438 Minns Et
BUSINESS CHANCES. ~* ~
A— SIOOO— CORNER grocery and bar. with four
llvl&g rooms; rent ICO; 3 rears' leeuse; the best
corner on Mission st; place doing a good
paying oash business; full value In sight
Otll R. G. WILKE. 906 Market Bt.
A— JSJO; CIGAR store; clearing $4 daily; splen-
did location: Market and East st*. ; rent $12.
Call R. O. WILKE. 806 Market et
A— S6OO— SALOON and lunch house; established
many years and doing a good paying busi-
ness; rent $40; best location; close to Sutter
st; Investigate at once; a rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
$1400 CORNER grocery store and bar, with 3
llvlrg rooms kitchen and cellar; rent $4S;
place established for 30 years; next to the
leading brewery of this city; a mint Call
R. G. WILKE. »Ol Market et-. room 8.
A— sBio; COFFEE saloon and restaurant: 1 Mock
from corner Powell and Market stm.; rent $40;
daily receipts $49; 3 living room*. See R. G.
WILKE. 806 Market st
A.—UM; SALOON, with 8 living rooms; rent
117 to ; Valencia st: good business; bargain.
R. G. WILKE. Mrt Market st.
A— $100; CORNER grocery and bar; vicinity
Sixth and Howard sts.; living moms: good
business: cheap reet Call ft. G. wrLKE,
KM Market gt.
A—t-*.O0;A — t-*.O0; SALOON and Innchhonse; betw«en fac-
tories and lumber-yards; daily receipts $15;
rent $20; a map. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market
$1800— RESTAURANT and bar; b*st location; no
night work; cheap rent: long lease; daily re-
ceipts $CB-$7O; stands investigation. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. C» ! i California st
FIRST-CLASS saloon; blr trade: cheap if sold
at once; only responsible party will receive
Information. Liquor Dealers' Journal, SSBU
California st .
$COO— SALOON on Turk St.; fins fixtures; good
trade. Liquor Dealers' Journal. ZS<-\i Cali-
fornia st. .
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment Liquor Dealers*
Journal. E2*>4 California st, room 1.;
$150— PARTNER; meat market; receipts $£r!o
month; cash business. Kredo * Co., 22% Geary.
A— sstO; ROADHOUSE and resort; fine place;
n*wly furnlthcd. Kredo & Co.. 22H Geary.
$S0 — STOCK cf rroeerfee; rent of store, $16; near
Fourth st KREDO A CO.. 22H Geary st.
A — HOME dining parlors: fine location; a snap.
COWING A CO.. 71S Market st
A— 6-ROOM frame house «nd barn; lot 21x100.
COWING A CO.. 71* Market et
REAL estate, city or country, in any State in
the Union: sola and exchanged on commis-
sion; associate oiSces In New Tork and Chi-
cago; sterling business propositions of all
kinds. Sunset Realty Inr. Co.. 213 Exam. bldg.
FTRST-CLA6S candy and ice cream store; lo-
cation central; very cheap. M. MACLEOD,
1706 Market «v
A LARGE gasoline launch: bu« be In rood
condition. Apply to R. HERMAN. Harbor
View Park.
BARBERS' Progressive • Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
$450— FANCY grocery and delicatessen store.
ISOI Devlsadero st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecL mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve.:est. 1564.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 93$ Market
1500— FIRST-CLASS saloon: good fixtures; 6
private rooms: rent $56. Box 3119, Call.
CLASSES In German, French, Spanish; $2 per
month. .609 Taylor st. bet Post and Butter.
COMPANY promotion Is our specialty; we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.&1.C0.. 220 California St.. r. 6-7.
PIANO lessons; 8 years' experience; EOc per
hour. Address 1710 Buchanan, near Sutter.
ROUTE of 844 papers on this paper for sale.
Box 6, Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.. 412 Sacramento st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st
BARBER wanted Saturday noon and Sunday.
402 Brannan st. — SSKSteveJSSKSS
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
. etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
715% Davis st
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water- pipe, shafting, pulley.,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgy.
CASH registers, second hand, of every descrip-
tion bovght, sold, exchanged and repaired.
1309 Mission St.. between Ninth and Tenth.
FOR SALE, cheap— Gentle family horse, buggy,
harness, robe and blanket. 303 Mission Bt
GOOD barter wanted for half day Saturday;
wages $2 60. »08>A Howard st -
'NEW A 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses, loth & Valencia,
2 BARBERS wanted for Saturday. Apply at
217 Fourth st
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
MIDDLE-AGED chambermaid; hotel: short
distance in country: $20. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
rend to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 253-357 Tehama st. ; tei. to. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 2aO.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California st. ¦
McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
¦453 Stevenson st ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
10.000 FEET new rubber belting, half pric*.
ROBT. BRAND A CO.. $27 Third St. Oakland.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth et.; tel. Jessie 944.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market; ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late sclen-
tlflc methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market ladles' special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
et; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission <4.
DR. JAMES PIERCE, 104 Turk St., the eminent
female specialist; home or offlce treatment $3.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market
¦ st ; every case guaranteed ; $5 up. ¦
SAFES, new and second hand, all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: t
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont. „
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, United States Navy; able-bod-
led, unmarried men. of good character, be-
tween the ages of 21 and 35 years; not less
. than 6 feet 4 ¦ inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch in height; must be citizens of the United
States, or persons who have legally declared
. their • Intentions to become citizens; able to
read; write and speak iJngllsh properly » the
term of • service Is for 5 years; pay Is from
$13 to $43 per month/according to rank and
length of service: clothing, rations;- quarters
and medical attendance furnished, in addi-
tion, by the Government. For further infor-
mation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Offlce, 40 Ellis st, San Francisco, CaL. or
630 X st, Sacramento. CaL
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st
SOLICITORS to work from wagons In San Fran-
clsco, Oakland;- Haywards, etc. Apply 156
Fifth st.
WANTED— Hands on skirts and waists.
FRANCES. 796 Sutter st. •
WANTED— GirI for general housework in small
family. 2836 California st ¦
EXPERIENCED finisher on coats; steady
work: also apprentice. 354 Geary st
GERMAN girl for general housework In
bakery. 2933 Twenty-fourth st ,
DR. CON ANTS Compound Vapor • Bath— Puri-
fies the blood: destroys disease germs; pro-
tects; cures: revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bills; outfits for sale: agents wanted: send for
booklet. ANIDROSIS. 47 Post st.. 5.,F.. Cal.
GIRL to cook In boarding-house; wages $25.
422 Drumra st. . ¦,•¦¦-
YOUNG lady as cashier In bakery; must have
experience. . IS3 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Position as working housekeeper by
Eastern woman; fully capable; city or coun-
try; good home more of an object than wages.
117 Taylor St., room 12. ¦
SUTTER. 1148— Nice, sunny corner suite: occu-
pied by a doctor last 10 years; modern Im-
provements.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st, bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
Ironing; $1 a day and car fare. Apply 254
Natoma' St.
TO Nome and York on best-equipped vessel
leaving Frisco"; 500 pounds allowed and chance
to stake claims In new district which we stop
: at between Nome and York.. Further parti-
culars at 337 Pine st. . . .
FIRST-CLASS harness-maker wanted at SPIRO
HARNESS CO., 305 Market St.
WANTED— A' flrst-class carriage and wagon
smith's helper at 632 Mission st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 600. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BOY 16 years old, reference*. : 409 A Turk st
S. F. Mfg.. Co."
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place for general
housework in small American family; cannot
speak English. 15$ Lexington aye.
ARNOLD, Dickson. give everybody tests to-
night; 10c: Elttings. 25c, EOc. 14S Sixth, room 1.
NEAT young girl, housework: small family;
$15; references. 619H Valencia st. •
WANTED— Boat builders. Apply 646 Second
street .-¦•"
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
st: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slate writer,
830 Ellis st: circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
YOUNG lady desires offlce work of any kind;
best of references. Address 1924 Myrtle st.
' Oakland.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
INFORMATION wanted— Any one knowing th»
whereabouts of JOSEPH BRYANT BROWN.
Can learn of his daughter by addressing box
3174, Call.
MMF.. MARQUISE, medium, has removed to 6
Hyde et. ; readings and treatments dally.
EXPERIENCED . . finisher on - : coats; , steady
.work; also apprentice. 354 Geary st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 23c to $1 50 nltfht; $1 50 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EDW. BFLLE — Oudry. photographic Paris-
lenne. Entrance on Thirteenth st, near Wash-
ington. Oakland.,
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: Fitting. $i. .1104 Market
YOUNG man, must : speak '¦¦¦ German, ; for wine
business; state wages; ref. Box 3138, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
NIGHT school reopens April 1; speed class $3
per mo. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market
AT 126 Kearny st, room 9, respectable private
. place to borrow on watches; diamonds; lowest
. rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ASTONISHING prices for ladles* and gents'
cast-off clothing, etc.* don't sell until you
learn my offer. Postal M. Nathan. 10 Sumner.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
-- years' practice;' Examiner bldg.
APPRENTICE for pantsmaking; good sewer;
paid while learning. 273 Minna st. '
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st: open until 9 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant, card-
reader, born with double veil and second
eight; dlatmoses disease with full life read'g;
1. 60c, g. ll; palm., clair. sit $1 50. 125 Turk.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, palmist; all you
seek to know answered, without questions;
readings this week, 25c and 50c. 126 O'Farrell.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden st. Oakland.
A FINE suit to order $10 75. or pants $3 75; our
specialty In remnants allows us to sell cheap-
er than ready-made. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st. bet 7th and. 3th. prop. One-price Tailor-
ing Co.. 532 Keamy, near ' Sactot. ; also l&il
Market St.. under St. Nicholas. *
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 100 rooms:
25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BLAND'S second-hand clothing store. 79 Ninth:
full value given for ladles', children's cast-off
clothing, trunks, etc Phone,- 1 Howard 11S3.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTeT
Jeweler. 248 O'FarTell. bet. Powell and Mason.
IF you wish full value for your cast -off cloth-
lng call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel Black 4123.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman. 954 Folsom: tel Folsom 1191.
ALASKA i far garments, hoods, mitts, leather
costs. H. M. HEINEMAN. lfW fiansome st.
TO LET— A cottage of 6 rooms. 2309 Polk «t.;
rent, with water, $18.
$?— COTTAGE 4 rooms; yard; respectable loca-
tion. 1706 Turk st, near Scott .
WANTED— Tallor.y ROSS BROS.; 26-37 Kearny
'...•street'.. -¦'-.; -¦¦:'-. ¦¦; -..-i ¦::¦¦' .-- '¦¦':-'¦:'
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. .
im?~cT C. CrJDONNELL-Offlce and residence.
¦ s 10I1V4 Market St.. b»t. Sixth nrvt Ss»v»Tith.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less succrisful. Room 310. 927 Market Et. ¦ » ' .
/ PLUMBERS.
W. E. LANE, phone Main 313. COS California
st: everybody* olumber. . , .
" ¦ HOUSES— LODGING-— FOR SALE.
IS ROOMS on 1 floor; near Call 0ff1ce...... $550
37 rooms; on Howard St.; only $300 cash:."- 400
'30 rooms; line sunny corner; on one floor. >;900; 900
'¦¦ 25 rooms ; on Market ; worth ' $1200.". . . . . . .. , SCO
10 ' rooms ;¦: on : Mason ;, payments .". 450
65 rooms; :. on : Bush ; st. ; . clears $250.. .V."..' 2800
3 rooms and bath;, elegant flat ......... 325
*^0 rooms;; on- Kearny;; grand bargain 20f0
36 rooms ; on Market ; payments . . .'. . . . . . . 1800
60, 40 and 126 rooms; boarding-house." ¦
MONEY JTO LOAN ON 'AN V HOUSE. '
- TELEPHONE JOHN 61
,• H. , C. : DECKER. 1020 Market st; opp. Fifth.
.WANTED— Two :¦ good : trunk makers. Address
¦i box 3166.; Ca1l offlce. ?....¦, ?..; ?¦¦_¦
RELIABLE man to-day as cashier; $20 a week;
must have $150 cash security. t- 9 Geary, rmr-a.
BOY wanted for stationery, and notion business.
42 Third st ¦*:.,. - .
OYSTER cook wanted at 126 Third st.
"WANTED— Good waiter; Heady, 1 sober man, XX
i Sixth st.;; bakery. • .:
A LARGE > NUMBER OF FINE BARGAINS
-IN STEINWAY,
WEBER,
CHICKERING,
.- HAL. ES .-.8R05..
BUSH .& GERTS.
ELLINGTON. -
-, - AND OTHER PIANOS
The Hamilton-Bancroft . Stock
Recently Purchased by Us. - v i
It will pay you. to call and : see . them.
UPRIGHTS i $50 UPWARD.
SQUARES $25 UPWARD.
ORGANS $20 UPWARD. ,
BYRON MAUZY.
- ¦..; ;; 308 POST ST.
ARE you In need of a piano?' We have a large
assortment of new. and second-hand pianos of
the • best - makers : sold for cash ' or • very easy
payments; $6 down and $6 per "month for. an
* elegant new upright; some good -pianos for
. $3, $4 and $5 per, month.' -.j SHERMAN, CLAY
Jfc CO.. Stelnway dealers, ; corner. Sutter ; and
Itearnysts.. San Francisco; corner Thirteenth
-\ and Broadway, : Oakland.
A"V HIGH-GRADE upright;" piano." standard
make, used a few. months, will be «old cheap
for cash ; ¦ call ; and ¦ make offer. '.. Room 10, . SO9
¦ . Market st'MBIHBimBBKF'
A HOUSE on Market st.? 1 64 rooms," 1 through to
.•• Turk'st:" sunay< side; . brick building : elec-
tric and gas light;, everything new; Market-
¦¦ st front suitable for. offices; back to Turk st'
¦ -for furnished rooms; entrances on Market and
J Turk - sts. : .- also ; fire : escapes <on Market ' and
Turk : sts. ; the ."; safest '¦:¦ and '"- most '- convenient
1 1 house In ¦ town : 1 1180 and 1 1132 : Market st. ," ad-
V Joining ; Owl * Drus; r, Store. Apply •to A. ? M. 1
.-BPECK & CO. , ¦.¦-.•¦ •--•:'" .- --
REAL ESTATE—- CITY— FOR." SALE.
MUST sell— Facing panhandle; Fell st. boule-
. yard. the handsome corner building arranged
In 2 houses of 9 and 11 rooms, with porcelain
* baths. ' electlrc lights, small barn; No 1533
.Fell st. and 400 Central aye. Make otter at
A. M. SPECK A CO.'S. 667 Market St.
1 WANTED— At ; once." '. nice clean vacantn t fla ts
• and houses for good tenant?. : Apply at once
. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
COTTAGE for sale; 1327 Forty-sixth avenue. 1
block south of G. G. Park; fine oc«an view;
¦no .trouble from ; drifting sand; lot 23x120- 4
large rooms; closet In each room; 7-foot base-
ment; attic; $350. -
I»E\TISTS.
A^DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 527
Market st, over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums: the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices;- pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain;- plates that ¦ flt . from
J4 £0 up; open evealrgs and Sundays.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold Crowns, $3- new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction, tOe; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 569 Mission, cor. 6th.
IDEAL cold filling Inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for & years; platee, $3; crowns,
Jl. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st
A FEW pianos will be sold for storage at auc-
. tlon • prices ; • dirt . cheap for . cash.'. .WILSON" S
•: Storage, ? 1710 . Market : st- - ',
WRITE
DR.
H. O.
10BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs and Eat -at 9:43
a. m.; I: 15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:W; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. S
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. I Telephone Main 1508.
FAJIE • Wo
Time Ball.
Branch ; Hydrographlc : Office, ¦ XT. 8. N.. f Mer
- chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 2VUOA.',
The time ball on the tower of the new Perry
building was dropped at exactly, noon to-day—
I. *.. at noon of the 120 t h. meridian, •or at S
o'clock p. " m., . Greenwich time.- '
CO. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. 8. N., la chargs.
IIOO.MS AM) lIOAIIO.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market st— Ele-
/? p.niiy furntehed sunny rooms; en suite or sin-
'rle: with or without board; table first class;
reduced rates.
I.'EW family hotel; first class In all appoint-
ments: excellent table: special Inducements to
iwlect people. 807 California st, occupying
corner oiii>o«lte Grace Church. ¦
A— HOTEL La Normandie. Z2« Eddy— Sunny
suite* and single rooms; everything new; first-
class table and service; prices moderate.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; modern
conveniences; rates reasonable.
BIRTHS— rJARRIAQES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall w'll not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per- ¦
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ABRAHAMSON— In Oakland, March 19. 1900, to
the wife of Jules Abrahamson. a daughter.
UARKLEY— In Seattle. Wash., March », 1900,
to the wife of Harry O. Barkley. a daughter.
CURRIER— In this city, March 22, 1900, to the
wife of W. B. Currier. .a daughter. ¦
VALCI— In (this city. March —,' 1300, to the
wife of Item! Valet, a son.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receive! et Oil! branch office. 2T29 Flllmore.
A RRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has b*en established at 1096
Valencia r t. '.-.-¦' . .
TWENTIETH. 4221. near Castro— A flat of 4
beautiful large rooms, with bath; completely
fumlFhcd for housekeeping; hot and cold
w«it*r- ; gas and telephone; new house: fine
new; healthy location; In a small, private
family; no children wanted: rent reasonable.
POST, C3l— Two small sunny rooms, furnished
$v each per month; Protestant Christians;
neither drink nor smoke In the bouse.
POWELL, 121— Light clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or eingle; running water; ksjs: reas.
ROSEDALE House. 819 & 321 Ellis st— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1: week. $1 25 to $4; open night
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night. 3»c to $1 50: week, $2
to $S; month. $s to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EAN ANTONIO, 21 Taylor, near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
e«a baths; suites and single rooms.
EHEBMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnlghed.
THE OAKS 11> Third— A rood rooming bouse
for cood people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE PIEDMONT, 11>A Sixth— Sunny furnished
room*; double and single; easy terras.^
7TRK. ZZ2— 2 large rooms, front room, house-
keeping room; running water.
SATURDAY. MARCH 24.
Sun rises.. • -••• •"•? : 2§
Sun sets •• VJ.""
Moon rises.. ." ...1:29 a. m.
Sim, Moon and Tide.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Alfonzo DuDont IS. 22SH Eichth street, and
Mattle Pearson. 19. U Third street
Harry O. Wilson, 23, Oakland, and Vina A.
Hanley. 27. Oakland. . -
Otto W. Olsen, 25, Sonoma, and Anna Otten.
Henry W. McDanlel, 4L Tehama, and O.
Twirl Logan, 27, Berkeley.
Lawrence Lawreneen, 27, city, and Emma D.
Stelter, 20. San Lorenzo.
William O. Icanberg, 24, Sacramento, and
Georeie C. McGrath, 19, Maxwell.
Manuel 8. Squiera, 21, 83Vi Oak Grove avenue,
and Mary M. O'Connor, IS, 2315 Bryant avenue.
Luclen B. Reymond, 46. French Gulch, and
Jeanne Masrat 45, SO2 Washington street.
Charles C. McCullouph, 26. Washington. D.
C..-and Kathryn L. Qulnn, 26. 745 O'Farrell st.
Joseph R. James, 33, Modesto, and Elizabeth
Dixon. 19. city.
I'll OPO SALS.
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. March 24, 1900-Sealed
proposals, In triplicate, will be received here,
until 12 m.. Friday, April IS, 1900. and then
opened, for furnishing 71 cavalry horses and
25 artillery horses at the Presidio of San Fran-
cisco. Government reserves right to reject or
accept any or all bids, or any part thereof.
Bids will be considered for a lesß number of
horses than that stated. Preference given to
articles of domestic production, conditions of
, price and quality (Including in the price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given to articles of
American production produced on the Pacific
Coast to extent of consumption required by
the public service there. Information fur-
nished on application to J. M. MARSHALL,
Deputy Quartermaster General, U. S. Army,
Chief Quartermaster. .
Shipping Intelligence.
NINTH. SO— Rooms to let; $4 and $6.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers far In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARTJ Batnrday, March 31
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 25
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May 19
via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market St., corner First.
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— Nicely furnished
rooms: suite or single; also housekeeping.
GKARY. 14A — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
tl SO a week up.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elerantly furnish-
ed rooms ;sultes or single: travelers accom.
GIRARD HOUSE. 132 Seventh— Pleasant sunny
rooms; day or week; moderate rates.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission st— Select
family rooming house; $1 to to $6 per week.
HOWARD. fc2»— Rooms from $1 week up to $3,
Sic to $1 night: also housekeeping romos.
AMERICAN LINE.
rtW TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON. LOKSOS. PASII
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York March 28 New York. April IS
St Paul April 4 St Paul April S3
St Louis April 11 St. Louis May 3
RED STA^ LINE.
New YorK arjd Antwerp. .
From New York every Wednesday, M noon.
Noordland ...March 23 Westernland ..April IS
Frlesland April 4 Kensington ....April 23
Southwark April 11 Noordland May 3
EMPIRE LINE.
8. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May 15 and
from Seattle May 24. to Nome and St Michael.
Subsequent sailings, June SO. July n, Ang. SO.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For full information regarding freight and
passage aDply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agents.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
F O "R T T_. A.IXTD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinc' SI2 First Class Including Berth
I MM. $3 Second Class and Meal*.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
March 24, April 3
COLUMBIA sails March 29, April 8
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest
Through tickets to all points East
E. C. WARD. General Awat.
630 Market st
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Steamer Movements.
A BRANCH clflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lfftt
Va'enc'a st.
FI'LTON, 1214— Two eunny front furnished
rooms: ranse; water; $14; also 3 unfur-
nished. $7; water; yard.
GROVE. 312— Front and back parlor or 2 back
rooms, furnished for housekeeping.
JESFIE, 3er»— 2 eunny rooms, furnished >n
suite; $10 per month: also single room $1 up.
LEWI?. 1«. off Taylor, near Post— Three nicely
furr.ished rooms; $12; stove.
$.4SO0 — ELEGANT home of 9 rooms on Grand St.;
in a park-like neighborhood; all modern Im-
provements; near station and school: this Is a
great opportunity, as owner Is going' to Eu-
rope. Call or addrei>s.H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1432 Park st, Alameda.
CALIFORNIA, 2T.23 — Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
HOOMS FOXt lIOL'SEKIiEi'IXG.
A FURNISHED floor; kitchen. psrlorTVbed^
rooms and yard; rent $13. Apply at 119 Third.
ItKAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
1 HAVE city and country property to ex-
change. M. GRIFFIN, "IS Market St.. 6. F.,
near Call building.
$500— LOT 35x115.
$1200— Fine corner; lot Soxl3S; all street work
done.
$1250 — Lot on San Joee aye. ; 50x100.
$1650 — Modern c-ttage; 5 rooms, porcelain bath,
etc.: lot s<>xir>o: Pearl st.
$1100— Cottage S rooms: lot 66x100.
$10.000 — House of 20 rooms; lot 150x250.
$12,000— House, windmill and tank, stable, etc.;
5 acres of land: 1 block from station.
E. D. JUDD CO., 1424 Park st.
MILL VALLEY; beautiful cottage of S rooms
and bath; irult and flowers and oak trees;
cheap; corner Lnvell aye. and Oak st 2719
Br>ar.t aye.. between 2tth and 2«th sts.
ABOUT 3 acres fine soil, half a mile from Col-
ma, about 2 blocks from electric cars; part
cash if d-sired; a bargain. C. WILLMOTT.
916 Market st. or 435 Valencia.
A GENUINE "Snap" bargain; must sell this
week; 80 acres very richest of highly culti-
vated level loam in crop; net an Inch of
waete; fenced; 110 bearing fruit trees; resi-
dence, barn. 2 wells, etc; 1% miles from city;
enly $2SOO.
N. D. FICKELS— the LAND AGENT.
10 Geary et. opp. Chronicle building. S. F.
'DOMESTIC POKTS.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived March 23— Stmr San
Pedro, hence March 13.
TACOMA— Arrived March 23— Schr W F
Witsemann, - from Port Townsend. -„
COOS BAY— Bar bound March 23— Stmr Em
pire, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed March 22—Stmr Farallon.
for Skaguay; stmr Newport, for Unalaska.
Arrived, March 22—Stmr Victoria, from Ma
nila.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed March 22-Schr
Twilight, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 22— Schr Sadie,
from Umoqua: sc»ir H D Bendixsen. from Ta
coma. March 23— Schr LouUe. from Umpqua;
schr Comet, from Port Blakejey. . '
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 23— Br
shlD Cumberland, from Hlogo.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed March 23— BJctn Ska
git, for Honolulu.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived March 23— Br stmr
Strathgyle. from Astoria; schr Bangor. from
Grays Harbor; schr Sequoia, from Port Had
lock. .
Sailed March 23-Schr Ethel Zane. for Grays
Harbor.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed March 23— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
Arrived March 23 — Schr Newark, hence
March 21.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived March 23 — Stmr
Noyo, hence March 22.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK-Cleared March 2S-Snli> St Da
vid, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPtXCO-6alled March 22-Stmr City of
Sydney, for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed March 23— Stmr Cura
cao, for San Francisco.
In port March 19— Danish Dark Julio, from
Hamburg, to sail the end of March for Altata.
SANTA ROSALIA— To sail first chance— Br
ship Earflllan. for Tocopllla.
Arrived March 9 — Fr stmr Conlillera. from
Europe. Feb 23— Ship America, from Nanalmo,
to sail last of March.
VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived ilarci 23— Br «tmr
Ness, from Oregon.
COLON— Arrived March ll— Stmr AUlanca.
from New York.
MANlLA— Arrived Feb X*— Stmr Pennsylva
nia, hence Jan 25.
PANAMA— Arrived March B— Haw stmr Bar
racouta. from Chamrertco. March 13— Stmr
Cit7 of Para, hence Feb I>.
Sailed March 9— otmr City of Sydney, for San
Francisco. March 11 — Haw itmr Barracouta,
for Champerlco.
DOVER— Passed March n—O*t ship Alster
nlxe, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
DUNGENES3— Passed March 21— Oer ship
Rodenbek. from Hamburg, for Pnget Sound.
LONDON— Sailed March J2— Br bark Dun
earn, for San Franclscow
VICTORIA— Arrived March 19— Br ship Cham
pion, from Honolulu. March 13— Br itmr War
rlrapov from Sydney.
MlSTLEY— Arrived Feb 13— Fr bark Lamor
iciere. hence Sept 21.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
XEW YORK— ArrtTed March 2»-Btmr Arca
dian, from Glasgow.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived March 23— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, for Hamburg.
ALEXANDRIA— Arrived March 21— Stmr Kat
¦er Wllhelm 11. from New York, rla Genoa.
" ROTTERDAM-Salled March 2S-Btmr Rot
terdam, for New York.
MOV7LLE— Sailed March 23— Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow, for N«w York.
GENOA— Sailed March »— Stmr August* Vl©
torla. for New York.
NAGASAKI— Arrived March »-Stmr Vic
toria, from San Francisco, via Manila.
NAPLES— Arrived Maxell IS— Stmr Werra.
from New York, for G«noa.
UICAL INSTATE COUATKV For Sale
BI'ECIAL NOTICES.
AM going to start a private home for old gen-
tlemen who crave independence of relatives
and yet want home comforts and privileges;
references. Applicants address for further
Information M. L., Call office, Oakland.
jsreri— LOVELY cottage; all modern Improve-
ments; hut house and garden. 1112 Castro st.
COTTAGE— S rooms, bath, basement stable; H
b^ock from Market ft. Apply 2*03 Fclsotn st
COTTAGK of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x125. 310
DtamonJ Ft., near Twentieth; no agents.
COTTAOi:. E rooms, bath, basement- stable- H
block from Mark** st. Apply 2403 Folsom st
COTTAGK— S rooms, bath, basement, stable*
block from Market et Apply 2403 Folsom' st
PSOO— WORTH $4000; Here. 3 rooms, bath; flat
abpve. h rooms, bath; rented $22. 1417 Pacific.
MARRIED.
AXKELSON— CULMERRY— In this City, March
19.. 1900, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Albin Axkelson and Mrs. Elizabeth Culmerry.
both of San Francisco. ¦ ¦„
MILES-CORUM— In this city, March 19 1900.
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Charles
B. Miles of Petaluma and Laura Le* Corum
of Napa City.
MATHIS— ISAACS— In this city. March 21. 1900.
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, George
M. Mathls of Santa Rosa and Maude May
Isaacs of Russian River.
PUERARI— LAWLER— In this city, March 21.
1900. by the Rev. W. I. Kip Jr.. Enrico Puer-
arl of Ross Valley and Margaret E. Lawler
of San Francisco.
TABER— FERRIS— In this city. March 21. 1900,
at the home of the- bride, by the Rev. Dr.
John A. B. Wilson. William S. Taber and
Bertha A. Ferris, both of San Francisco.
TOR SALE.
one of th» very finest pieces of paying busi-
ness rr>T->rty in the city of San Jose. Cal..
for the jmrpoße cf closing estate of Francis
Stock, deceased; 75% i feet front on First «t.
betwe.ii fcanta Clara and El Dorado et*.. with
an "L' of i 9 feet frontage on El Dorado et;
a.l covered with business buildings paying $450
X«r month rental.
Apply to S. F. LEIB, attorney for executors.
Ssn Job*. Cal.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 FIFTH ST. TEL. SOUTH 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ,¦' AND EM-
13ALMERS. .
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
RE AL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hermlne Donohue to Antonio Avanslni. lot on
N line of Green street, 160 E of Mason, E
8:8* by N. 60; JlO.
Margaret and Simon Kelley to Napoleon and
Lculsa Vasllatos, lot on N line of Eddy street,
242:6 W of Leavenworth, W 32:6 by N ¦ 137:6;
no.
Joseph L. and Minna Hess to John J. Wlrt
ner, lot on W line of Thirty-fourth avenue, 200
N Of X street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
George M. and Annie I. Salsbury to Solomon
Getz, lot on: 8 line of X street, 57:6 W of
Ninth avenue. W 60 by 8 100; $10.
- • Solomon and Dora Getz to Delia Qulnn, lot
on E line of Ninth avenue, 201 8 of M- street,
S 24 by E 120:$10.. .
- Odd ¦ Fellows Cemetery Association " to - Paul
C. Robuste, - lot » 11, plat 10. Templar section
Odd Fellows': Cemetery; $160. „
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Augusta M. Trlebel (owner) with G. O.
Glllesple (contractor), : architects Salfleld ; &
Kohlberg— All work for a two-story frame resi
dence, on W line of- Stanyan street, 125' S of
Carl, S 25 by W 107:6; $5206.
F. Hartje (owner) with Fred Miller (contrac
tor), architects Copeland & Pierce — Carpenter
and mason , work, excavation, ? lumber, - tinning,
mill work, stairs, hardware, glass and glazing
electric work for a two-story frame with rough
basement, on W. line of Chattanooga street, 182
Sof Twenty-first, W 125 by S 52; $2900. .. *--••;
Louis Sloss ' Jr. (owner) ; with Western Ex
panded . Metal and Flreprooflng Company (con
tractors), architect -Albert - Plssls— Flreprooflng
floors : and roofs for building, •< on - S > corner of
Mission and Fremont streets, SW 137:6 by SE
137:6; 120,670 25. - . .:
& The greatest talkers in Cal- 8
& ifornia— and a great many of 8
8 them are San Franciscans too! $
8 Do you know what the short- 8
$ hand writers have to say ¦ $
$ about themP Next Sunday's 8
£ Call will t tell you. £
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights:' day. wlc, mo.
ORLANDO House. 9£9 Howard, cor. Sixth—
Bunny rooms; prices to stilt
XATOMA, 445^4— A nice large sunny room for
rent to a lady only.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 103 (50
cents per 6hare) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market street on and after Mon-
day, Aorll 2, 1300. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, March 27. 1900. at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MINNA, 667, comer Eighth— New furnished bay
window room. $1 per week; transient
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
ARRIVED.
Friday, March 23.
Stmr City of Pu«bla, Thomas. 68 hours from
Victoria and Pu»et Sound ports. *.* -'¦•¦¦-;
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea. 80 hours from Nrwport
Stmr°Cleone. Madsen. 15 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. 100 hours from New-
Orizaba, Parsons, 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Czarina, "Wallstedt. IS days from Pirate
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 23 hours from Eureka.
Btmr Aberdeen, Hlg-fflns. S3 hours from N«w-
Highland Light, McLure. 23 days from
Nanaimo; bound for Lahalna; put In In dls-
Sch'r NattU Sundborr. N«lson. 43 hours from
Eureka. . _ ... -
Schr Mary B Foster, Thompson. 18 days from
H Sctir U Bewrfe K. Ntelsen. U hours from O>
ouille River.
CLEARED.
Friday. March B.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, Kureka; Chaa Nel
"°Stmr Coos Bay. Shea. Baa Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. .
Ocr Btmr Hathor. Yob«. Hambar* and way
ports: J D Spreckels &. Broe Co.
Br stmr Oaello, Finch. Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; O & O S S Co.
Fr bark Canrobert. Boju. Queens town; O W
. Bktn r w H Dlmond. Nllsoa. Honotnla: J D
Spreckels * Bros Co. .
Schr Eclipse (new). Hennlnsrsen. Honolulu;
Williams. Dimond & Co. .
Schr Beulah. ilitchell. Klawack; Kbrth Pa
cific Trading and Packing Co.
Schr Uranus. Stransreland. eodflshlmr: C E
Whitney * Co. -
SAILED.
Friday. March S3.
Stmr Pacific, Johnston, Prince - William Ed.
Btmr Gipsy, Nopander, Santa Crua.
Stmr Washtenaw. Gllboy. Tacoma.
- : Ger stmr Hathor. Voss, . Haroborx and way
ports. " • " ~
Br stmr Carmarthenshire, Barch. Hongkong
ana Yokohama, via San Olego.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu. .
Ship Kennebec. Lewi*. Melbourne. <
Schr Robert Lewers, Goodman, Honolulu.
Schr Volant. Erlckson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Guide, Olsen. Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Reliance, Johnson, .
- Schr North Bend, Pal mgren. Wlllapa. Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC,
POINT LOBOS, March 23. 10 p nv-'W»ath«r
hazy; wind NW, velocity < miles.
BPOKEN.
Dee 81. lat SS S. lon 44 W— Br ship Lord Tem
pleton, - from Newcastle, England, . for San
Francisco. ". ¦
MISCELLANEOUS,
- The ' rtmr Curacao reports that tha - Boleo
Company. at Santa Rosalia has sent out their
Btmr Kooringa to tow la any of the the many
vessels that an duo there that may be found in
the gulf.
FOLSOM. 965. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single: new mgmt
FIFTH. 221— Small alcove, stove. $2 lA\ rooms
with kitchen, sink, $2 75; others. $1 25 and
upward; respectable; clean.
TO SAIL.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
BOHEMIA. 23S Post st.. cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner suite and single rooms; hot and oold
water: elevator and all convenience*.
BRYANT. 11CL cor. of Ninth— Two front fur-
nished rooms, one a parlor, cheap.
BURNETT. 142« Market et. (old No. 1354)— Fur-
r.:>-:. - '. mi!.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 706 (St. Peter's House)— New
houee, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
CARP.OLLTON, 1206 Market cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well turn.; rms. & offices.
PERRY, 174 — A nice large furnished room, with
bath; beard if required. ¦?•¦
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and l.nfarn.
A^i^lu^PmEc!r^6usE7~i4T~^
tic to $1 per night; $1 2s to $5 per week, and
i. ;,•!.: housekeeping; open all night
WE have got to sell within 1 week 5 acres of
perfectly level-land, fronting on 100-foot street
and not 6 minutes from Berkeley station;
street work done; the best bargain we have
bad .for years.
MASON McLENATHEN. .
Adjoining Postofflce. Berkeley.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22<>0 Flllmore.
$3700 BUYS a new, modern, 7-room housa oa
Durant aye., near college grounds.
O. G. MAY & CO., Berkeley.
TWO la.ree sunny front rooms, bedroom and
kltchc-n. furnished complete lor houeekeeplng.
ill per month. Arply Fhoe store, 5C2 Mission
st., bet. Ist &n& :\ sts.
TO ARRIVE.
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 0/7 600 Gould & Curry. 28
100 Belcher 38 ISCO Kentuck 02
200 Best & Belcher. 44 100 Mexican 28
4SO Caledonia 115 100 Ophlr 91
200 Chollar 24 200 Ophlr 90
1000 Con Imperial... 02 200 Yellow Jacket.. 21
100 Exchequer ..... 05 .
Following were the sales In the PaclHo Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alpha Con 08 900 Lady Wash 05
600 Alta 12 700 Lady Wash OS
200 Alta 11 430 Mexican 31
150 Belcher 35 100 Ophlr 89
SCO Best & Belcher. 4Vl4ooOphir »°
' 200 Beat & Belcher. 45, 200 Ophlr 91
COO Best & Belcher. 421 200 Ophlr 94
£00 Bullion W 200 Ophlr 93
2iJO Caledonia 1 10; 100 Ophlr 92
10«) Caledonia 1 2.V $00 Overman ....... 26
400 Chollar 25! 900 Potosi 25
2*> Con Cal & V...1 75 2CO Potosi 26
900 Con Cal & V.I 77»4 200 Potosi 27
BO> Con Cal.& V.I 72'*l 400 Seg Belcher.... 07
100 Con Cal & V...1 70J 400 Sierra Nevada. 63
2600 Con New York. OVHOO Sierra Nevada. 62
30i) Crown Point... 17 200 Sierra Nevada. 61
600 Crown Point... 18 200 Silver Hill 25
toy Gould & Curry. 27 300 Stiver Hill 24
4QO Gould & Curry. 28 400 Utah 12
20) Hale Sc Norcrs. 31 1400 Yellow Jacket.. 20
700 Justice 14 300 Yellow Jacket.. 21
200 Justice 13l
Afternoon Session.
600 Alta ' H| 200 Occidental ...... . 19
200 Alta 08 i 200 Occidental 13
200 Belcher 35 300 Ophlr »0
SO Caledonia 90 700 Overman 23
300 Con Cal &.Va..l 65 200 Overman 26
10i> Confidence 87 200 Overman .". 25
100 Confidence ..... 85 200 Overman 23
500 Con New York. 041 200 Potosi 23
200 Crown Point... 18 200 Seg Belcher.... 06
200 Exchequer ..... 06 100 Sierra Nevada. JO
200 Gould & Curry. 28 200 Sierra Nevada. BS
200 Gould & Curry. 24 200 Union Con 23
500 Julia 02 300 Yellow Jacket.. 19
200 Mexican 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. FRIDAY. March 23 — » p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 OS Kentuck 01 03
Alta 07 MlLadyWash 05 —
Andes 13 « Mexican 27 23
Belcher 33 35 Occidental 15 18
Hect & Belcher. 39 40 Ophlr 84 85
Bullion 04 05 Overman 21 22
Caledonia 85 — Potoal 22 23
Chollar 23 25 Savage 17 18
Challenge Con.. 26 27|Scorplon 02 03
Confidence 82 85|Seg Belcher 04 0o
Con Cal & Va..l 85 1 70, Sierra Nevada.. 67 89
Con Imperial... 01 02! Silver Hill ,18 /. 10
Con New York. — 04 St Louis — 1|
Crown Point... 17 18' Standard »BOJ 85
Exchequer 03 05 Syndicate 05 —
Gould & Curry. 24 25 Union Con 23 24
Hale & Norcra. 28 29 Utah 10 12
julla — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 18 20
Justice 10 - - 13 •
OAK. 14 — One large alcove room, suitable for
light housekeeping.
POLK, IC2O— l or 2 sunny front rooms, unfur-
r-iis-hed; bath; housekeeping.
POWELL, Cl7— Nicely furnished sunnr suite;
kitchen privileges if desired: no children.
SOITH PARK, PO— Unfurnished front alcove
rooms; kitchen. 3 closete. bath; $10; others.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Eight.
MARKET. IC2S— 2 room* furnished for light
housekeeping. $6.
MOSS. 13. off Howard, cear Seventh— 2 or 3
rooms furnished complete for housekeeping.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs L Hanaker, Ky Miss Wiggins, 111.
Mrs R Green, Ky Miss W Moore. 11l
J G Hay.den. New Orl W F Beck. Mexico
F A Hardy &w. 11l - G B Daniels. Mexico
W A Proctor, R I J M Elmer, Pa
Mrs Proctor, R I • Mrs Elmer, Pa
Miss Proctor, R I Sliss Elmer. Pa .
Miss Reynolds. Va Mrs A E Smith. Miss
Mrs Kent. Los Angeles B Thomas. N V
F D Bohr. San Mateo P J McDonald, Mont
Miss Palmer, Oakland R C Rawllngs, St Lou
Miss Landers, Oakland J A Cooler & w, Bostn
W G Neml, Los Ang E Coke. Philadelphia
A G Wells. .Loa.Ang J J William?, Sacto
G W Smith, N M Mrs Williams Sacto
R B Burns, Los Ang D Wormser, Chicago
J R Hitchcock, Los An Miss Wormser, Chicago
J A Robinson, I£ City J F Callahan. Boston
Mrs Robinson. X City G A Callahan, Boston
Miss G Robinson, X C J D Luddy, Los Ang
Jacob Marx, Kans City D H Fanning, Mass
Dr J H Payne, USN F Albert, Mexico
A C Gausher, N J R I^ederer, Berlin
A W Smith & w, 111 II Herz. N V
A F Watermlre, Cal G M Genter, Salt Lake
Mrs Watermlre. Cal Mrs Genter, Salt Lake
H Stahler, Honda J T Kennedy, U S N
Mrs M A Rand, B C Wm Baumgartner, N X
A E Rand, B C D Beer, N V
G Clayton & w, Wls C AY Gates. Los Ang
H B White. Seattle C F Braun. Toledo
O F Paxton, Portland Mrs" Braun. Toledo
W A Brewer, Sn Mateo H Swart. Wisconsin ¦
Mrs Brewer, Sn Mateo Mrs Swart, Wisconsin
C H Baker, Seattle Mrs A Dlbblee, Ross
Mrs B X Plane, Seattle A J Dlbblee, Ross
Q B Raffelli}, NY C H Babcock, N V
Mrs W H Moore, 111 Mrs Babcock, N V
C G Curtis, Chicago G T Scott. USA
H Heymair, NY GO Knise, N V
F W Wiggins, 111 F Hodgklns, eSattle
Mrs Wiggins, 111 S N Hodgkins, London
GRAND HOTEL
D W Wasley, Chlco jH M Brown, Marysvlll
J L Roberts, Montlerey i C Rowell & w, Fresno
T A Work, Pac Grove E Manasse & w, Napa
J A Dalton, Madera R W Spier & w.'N V
E Puerarl & w, Cal F O Hehn. Sta Cruz
T Puerarl, Cal E A Mlsere. Los Ang
J Everett, Stockton L E Aubery. Los Ang
O Mathews. Sta Rosa G H Bishop, New Havn
E Fisher, Sacto C W Bastlne. N V
C M Wooster, San Jose G H Warfleld, U S N
W H Gwln. Sta Rosa C H May & w. Portlnd
Mrs H G Hooker, Cal J Bird. Merced
G H Durham Portland C D Daly. Eureka
C L Morrill. Los Ang F C Paulln. Los Ang
C Jacobson, . Redding E Mason. Boston »
Miss S Becker. Wash Mrs J Mullln. Sonora
H B Huntly. Seattle W E Wilson. Portland.
J B Llbby & w, Seattle O O Floyd, Ft Wayne
G G Linen. NY H Le Baron. Cal
A iAtham & w. Seattle H H Dodee, N V
P Hebbe, Los Ant Miss A Manasse, Napa
Mrs J*C Nichols, Pa D C Weyens, Los Ang
Miss V Thompson. Pa H P Mather. N V
RI. Gallagher. Wash S W S<*lllck &w, Colo
C E Mcßeavy. Sheltnn J Smith, Eureka
A J McCormlck, Seattl H White, Cal
H B Warner. Tacoma J A House. Stockton
Mrs D J Vogleman. Cal J W Daniels. Menlo Pk
Mrs F P Race, S<*atile Dr McGlllicuddy & w,
J H Toplays, Vallejo Deadwood
Miss J Bull, NY- CO Ashley. N V
J T> Mlsspaugh, NY E E Barth, San Jose
Miss N Rogers. 8 Jose !
- . NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Q A Sweeney & w, L A R Baxter, Chicago
S Lydlard, San Jose A de Haro, Madera
J H Lydlard, Minn C Finberg, Mont
E J Da Vega, Fresno O Peterson, Chicago
E Spelare Los Ang H A Blckett, Kans
S Anderson. Portland C P Crlppen, Cal
A H Leffeney, acto C B Scott. Chlco
T M Crawford, Sacto H Fredericks, Sulsun
J Jacobson. Utah KM Barry, Cal' :• •
D D Beck, Seattle C Johnson, Dixon
FOLSOM. hC4— 2 large sunny connecting house?
ketj.ins rooms; stove, closets, bath; private;
1 10 a month.
FIFTH. 14?— Two rooms furnlßhed for house-
keeping; cheap rent.
FILLMORE. 2212, near Clay— s7, 2 large sunny
unjurnlshed rooms; nice yard; water.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leava Broadway
kw wharf, San Francisco:
|ffV>t For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m. .
IV^tS^V slar - • 1 - Apr - L Chang- to
llki'kS^'*^ company's steamers at Seat-
IM^S^3 vH For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
fjS^^-f«r*il C). Port Townsend. Seattle,
r^^O!*'^ lAt Tacoma, Ever*tt Anacortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. Mar. 27. Apr. 1. and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 1 p. m.. Mar.
25 SO, Apr. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Lcs Angeles), and Newport 9
a. m.. Mar. 24. 23. April 1. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(«an Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Lcs Angeles). 11 a. m..
Mar. 26. SO. April S. and every fourth day
thereafter. _ , ,
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Banta Rosalia,
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Mar. 8. and 7th
cf each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain , company s
The' company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICRKT oKTTCK- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st. San Francisco.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE
P.OSS VALLEY villa lots. 60x150; $»00 to $500;
f.ne view; San Rafael water system: good
drainage; 5 minutes* walk from Ftation;
pprir-kled roads. Apply P. ROSS. Tamalpals
station.
800 ACRES in Stanislaus County, near rail-
road; water: growing crops: under fence and
all other Improvements. For particulars ad-
dress nr call W. P. CROW. 1334 Polk, city.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market nr. Call bldg.
. Land for Bale in Sonoma, Contra Costa, Glenn,
Pant* Cruz. Pharta ar.d T»*hama Cos.. Cal.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1400— CORNER lot; Santa Clara aye.; 60x150;
cear Morton-st. station.
$1500— Fine lot; 60x150; Para st. near the
bay; bargain.
$1000— Elegant lot. west side of Lafayette st.
JS2oo— New modern 8-room house: Alameda
avenue, near Lafayette St.; large lot.
$Ssoo— New Colonial, 7-room cottage: Grand
St., near Alameda aye.; easy Installments;
large lot: snap.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda: all tha
above can be bought on easy terms.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park et., Alameda.
J. W. HORN. Sl2 Main St.. Petaluma: real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free list of Eonoma County bargains.
1350—165 ACRES In Sonoma County; plenty
wood and water; Jl4 miles from railroad.
ISCI Pevisadero et.
SALI-SMAN WANTED.
IMPLEMENT field man; must be competent to
cell and operate mowers, binders, plows, etc.;
capable man only need apply; permanent po-
sltlon; state age. Address box 3147, Call.
NOTHING of unusual importance has
developed In the real estate field
during the past week. Several
sales of fairly good proportions
have been made and a great many
small ones, but the nearest approach to a
big sale was the uncompleted deal for the
purchase by Mrs. Florence Blythe-Moore
of the block of land on Nob Hill owned
by the Fair estate for something like $300,
000. The deal has not yet been consum
mated, however, although the deeds may
soon be passed unless some unexpected
hitch In the negotiations occurs.
B. M. Gunn &. Co. have sold during the
past week the lot on the southwest cor
ner of Davis and Broadway, 137:6x91:S feet,
for $40,000; lot on the southwest line of
Beale street, 137:6 feet southeast of Harri
son, 137:6x137:6, for $30,000, and the lot on
the northeast line of Fremont street, 137:6
feet southeast of Harrison, 137:6x137:6,
purchased for the account of F. H. Davis.
O. D. Baldwin & Son report the follow
ing recent sales: Lot and improvements
on the south side of Turk street, between
Van Ness avenue and Polk street, 137:6
east of Van Ness, 90x120 feet, for $20,000;
lot on the south side of Mission street,
115 feet west of Eleventh street, 25x83 feet,
for $4400; lot on the north side of Lombard
street, 104 feet east of Buchanan, 27x120
feet, for $1100.
A. M. Speck & Co. have two Bales of
property In the vicinity of First and Mis
sion streets, aggregating about - $150,000,
about ready to close. • Speck & Co. recent
ly sold for Louis Zeh the store and two
flats, with lot, 27:6x120, on the south side
of McAllister street, between Franklin
and Gough. The purchaser was Herman
Schwarz of Napa and the price was $10,750.
Through the same firm the estate of
Charles J. Behlow has sold to Louis Zeh
a lot, 25x109, on which is a two-story
house, on the west side of Van Ness ave
nue, 45 feet south of Fulton street. The
price was $16,000.
Russell & Surryhne report the following
recent transactions: Southwest corner of
Steinerand McAllister streets, 27:6x105,
$5000; west line of Steiner street, 27:6 feet
south from McAllister, 27:6x105, $3500;
south line of McAllister street. 205 feet
west from Steiner, 25x137:6, $3250; south
line of McAllister street, 130 feet west
from Steiner, 25x137:6, $3500; northwest cor
ner of Twenty-nrst and Sanchez- streets,
57x105, $1000; house and lot. lu3G Hampshire
street, between Twenty-second and Twen
ty-third, $2250; also block of land south of
the park, $6500. ru] ¦¦•- V'^
G. T. AVayman reports the sale of the
50-vara lot on the south side of Turk
street, 137:6 feet west of Larkln, by the
"Whartenby estate for $40,000. There are
six three-story houses on the lot, renting
for $230 a month. The name of the buyer
is not given. G. T. Wayman has also sold
for F. H. Woods a piece of property on
the west side of Battery street, 171 feet
north of Boardway. The lot is 33:6x76,
with an L 7:6x60 running back to an alley.
The purchaser was" the .American Biscuit
Company, which now owns a frontage of
214 : C on Battery street, with a depth of
131:6 feet. The price paid, was $9000. The
game broker has sold for J. C. Pennie to
Mark Sheldon a lot 30x63 located in the
rear of property already owned by. Mr.
Sheldon on the north side of Sutter street,
between Grant avenue and Stockton
street. The price paid was $5500.
McAfee Bros, have sold the lot on the
west line of First avenue, 217:6 south of
the Presidio line, 30x120, for $1500.
Mrs. Rebecca Jennings has purchased
of Moses Samuels the premises on the
southwest side of First street, 55 feet
southwest of Minna, lot 25x75. Hawkes &
Skeltonneeotlateri the sale, and the price
paid was about $28,000.
Sol Getz & Bro. report the following
recent sales: Lot 37:6x120 on the east line
of Tenth avenue, 150 feet south of X
street, for $1050; lot 150x120 on the east
line of Forty-fourth avenue. 150 feet south
of J street, for $1200; lot 50x120 on the west
line of Forty-third avenue, 100 feet north
of X itreet, for $400; lot 25x120 on tho east
line of Forty-seventh avenue, 200 feet
south of I Btreet, for $300; lot 50x120 on the
west line of Eighth avenue, 250 feet north
of N street, for J900; lot 50x120 on the east
line of Thirty-sixth avenue, 275 feet south
of C street, for $125; lot 37:6x120 on the
east line of -Tenth avenue, 187:6 feet south
of X street, for $1050; lot 50x100 on the
southeast line of Lisbon street. 175 feet
northeast of Persia avenue, for $600; lot
25x120 and six-room cottage ' and lot on
east llnev>f Twelfth avenue, 250 feet south
of Point Lobos avenue, for $2000; lot 68 in
Sift map l.for $150.
Easton. Eldridge & Co.'a catalogue for
the auction sale to be held on the 27th
will be as follows: A partition sale to
close an estate of the property at from
1010 to 1032 Sutter street. 30 and 33 Lewis
street: on the east side of Valencia street.
155 feet south of Fifteenth; on the west
side of Clayton street, 137:6 north of
Hafght; on the south lin© of Page street,
112:6 east of Clayton; on the south side of
Page street, 12C feet west of Cole; on the
north line of Liberty street, 155 feet east
of Sanchez, and on the northwest corner
of Bush and Pierce streets, with lota on
the north side of Jackson street. 80 feet
west of Cherry; three lota on Seventeenth
street, on and adjacent to the corner of
Noe, to close an estate; a lot on the v^est
line of Flllmore street, *97 feet south of
Bu3h, and cottages on the west sido of
Shotwell street, near Twenty-second.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will dispose of the
following choice pieces at a special auc
tion sale to be held on April 9: Nos. 765.
767 and 769 Mission street, between Third
and Fourth streets, three-story and base
ment brick building, lot 50x100; southwest
corner of Bush street and Grant avenue,
a four-story- and basement substantial
brick building and lot; 953 and 955 Mission
street, southeast line, between Fifth and
Sixth, old Improvements, lot 45xSO: chdice
lot on City Hall avenue; northwest corner
of Green and Webster streets. 50-varn. lot
with residence, commanding a fine view;
cottage and lot 112 Thirteenth avenue, also
lots facing Park Hill road; southwest cor
ner Fifth and Folsom streets.- stores and
tenements, lot 75x90; 453 and 455 Stevenson
street, southeast line, between Fifth an l
Sixth streets, old improvements, lot 60x80:
270 and 272 Lexington avenue, two flats
and lot. 25x80.
The lot and Improvements on the loutn
east corner of Taylor and Valparaiso
streets, lot 20x40 feet, has be«n Bold for
$2500.
The lot on the north aide of Jackson
street. 100 feet east of First avenue, east
100 feet, with irregular depth, has been
sold for $4250. , "w'V
Plans on a monumental scale are being
elaborated by B. J. S. Cahlll, the archi
tect of the I. O. O. F, Cemetery Associa
tion, for the large new columbarium
which that institution Intends erecting In
the -near future. Somewhere between $100.
000 and $150,000 will be spent on the struc
ture. It will be connected with the old
columbarium by an arcade, and when
complete the two buildings will form an
architectural ensemble of unique beauty
and interest. This new enterprise 13 ne
cessitated by the growing demand for
niches of a costly character and of which
only a limited number now remain unsold
In the old columbarium, which, by the
way, has only been completed two years.
The executive committee appointed by
the residents of Sunset district to take
measures for the protection of Nineteenth
avenue boulevard from drifting sand has
planted nearly forty acres- with bunch
grass, and the work will be further ex
tended as" soon as required funds are
available. .
The Albert Meyer block, on the east
side of Nineteenth avenue, between H and
1 streets, will soon be built up. The
Thornly residence near H street, on Nine
teenth avenue, will soon be finished, and
plans are being prepared for a $10,000
house on a 100x120 lot at the corner of I
street and Nineteenth avenue. The lots
In this block have nearly all been sold.
Building is progressing rapidly In the
Sunset district. There- are at present
seventeen new houses in course of con
struction.
It" you have lots In Richmond district north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly than
call en W. J. GUNN. £50 California st
HAVE you real estate in the Mission or Hom-
er's Addition that you wlch to dlsooee ol
then call on W. J. GUNN. £30 California et
REAL ESTATE IS QUIET.
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors of the Henry J. Gallagher Under-
taking Company, 20 Fifth street
COURT BONITA No, 43, Foresters of America
— Officers and members of Court Bonlta No.
43 are requested to attend the funeral of our
late brother, John MoVey, from Mangels
Hall, corner of Twenty- fourth ' and Folsom
streets, to-morrow (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock
sharp. By order of
HENRY C. HERMAN. C. R.
D. O'CALLAGHAN, Fin. Sec.
MAASS— In this city. March 22. 1900, Andrew,
beloved husband of Carrie Maass, and father
of Lulu Maass, a native of Germany, aged
39 years.
tC? Remains at the parlors of H. F. Maass,
917 Mission street.
PIELHOP— In this city, March 23, 1900. Henry
John, dearly beloved and only son of Fred
R. and Tillle Plelhop, and brother of Alice
Plelhop, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years 8 months and 15 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
, (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 247 Cortland avenue, corner of
North avenue. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
PREZEAU— In this city, March 22, 1900, God-
frey, dearly beloved husband of Caroline Pre-
' seau, a native of Canada, aged 49 years.
(Montreal, Canada, papers please copy.)
CTFrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 630 Gough street, between Grove and
Fulton, thence to Notre Dame dcs Vlctolres
Church, Bush street, between Grant avenue
and Stockton street, where a "requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery- Kindly omit flowers.
RODDEN — In this city, March 23, 1900, James
Joseph, beloved son of Patrick and Isabel
Rodden, brother of George, Anna, Isabel,
Willie, May and Daniel Rodden, grandson of
James and Annie Mulholland, .and nephew of
William and George Mulholland. a native of
San Francisco, aged 15 years and 6 months.
CT'Frt'snds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 54G Pennsylvania avenue, thence
to St. Teresa's Church for services. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, via the
11 o'clock creek boat.
RUDOLPH— In this city, March 23. 1900, Sem-
fironla V., wife of J. Rudolph, and dearly be-
oved mother of T. L. and J. Rudolch and
Mrs. C. B. Coons, a' native' of Washington,
D. C, aged 72 years and 1 month. (St. Louis
papers please copy.)
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday),- at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2411 Clay street.^ Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
SCANLON— In this city, March 23. 1900, Willie
J.. beloved son of John and Maggie Scanlon,
brother of Tonle and Esther Scanlon, and
grandson of Mrs. Walsh, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 years nnd 7 months.
SKIFF— In this city, March 23, .IDOO, James W.
Skiff, dearly beloved son of James and Mary
J. Skiff, beloved brother of Pearl, Ruble and
Jeannette Skiff, and nephew of John Ronalds
of Petaluma, a native of San Francisco, aged
8 years and 1 month. (Petaluma papers please
copy.)
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from the residence of his grand-
mother, Mrs. Margaret Ronalds, at Petaluma.
Remains will be shipped to Petaluma by 3
o'clock boat. Interment Petaluma Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of the Gantner &
Guntz Undertaking Company, 8 and 10 City
Hall square.
SMITH— At San Quentln, Mrs. Ellen Smith,
wife of the late Frank Smith, and aunt of
Mrs. Kate Cunningham, a native of County
Clare, Ireland, aged 78 years.
CTFrlends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at' 9 o'clock, from ( her late resi-
dence. San Quentln. thence to St. Raphael's
Church. San Rafael, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
SULLIVAN— In this city. March 20. 1900. Tim-
othy Sullivan, beloved j brother, of Michael
Sullivan, a native of Castle Gregory, County
Kerry. Ireland, aged. ss years.
ICThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for Fervlces at
11 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEMBERS Veteran Volunteer Fireman's Asso-
ciation will assemble at headquarters to-mor-
row (Sunday)., at 1 o'clock sharp, to attend
the funeral of our late brother and sergeant-
at-arms, J. W. Lynch. Per order,
STEPHEN BUNKER. President.
J. J. McMAHON. Rec. Sec.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOX SALE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 24, 1900.
H °7^ L SALISBURY. Hyde and Eddy; changed
nands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market st— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
VAN NESS aye.. 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms
_ and board: furnished and unfurnished; $20 up.
gOO MS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED by married couple (desirable ten-
ants)— Large, sunny modern room, with email
apartment adjoining for lightest of housekeep-
ing; breakfast only; private; east of Van Ness
aye. Box 30& S. Call. •
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st. rooms »-10; tel. 6520.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
IKWIKQ MA.CHIKKI AMI SLI'I'LIKS.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
piEßT : ir!iob J olup^^
Office. «01 Post st. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 8220 FlUmore st; 'phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 1340 Market st;
tel. South C 35; packing, moving and storage.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR sale — In a first-class location, a choice,
new house of 7 rooms, bath, basement, etc. ; a
genuine bargain; cash or terms. J. H.
YOUNG, owner and builder. 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
nERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN— Must sell; gond 3-room cottage;
hard finished; in good order; lot 00x135; barn,
chicken-house, flower garden; all fenced;
1700; $100 cash, balance $10 monthly; take
Berkeley train, get off at Lorin station; ask
for RUDOLPH & PERKINS.
BEAUTIFUL home; 7 rooms, bath; large sta-
ble: deep well; 6000-gallon tank; chicken-
houses; fenced and cross-fenced: cement
walks: 3 blocks from station and stores;
only $2100; terms to suit; take Berkeley
train, get off at Lorin station; ask for
RUDOLPH & PERKINS.
WHY ray rent when $C5O buys a home in
Berkeley; lot 44x125; within 2 blocks of car
and near university; come and see It at once.
O. G. MAY & CO.
8-ROOM, new, modern home; corner lot: in
center of town; $4250. O. G. MAY & CO.
BUNNY room*, single, en suite and housekeep-
ing: $4 up. Hotel Sh»>ta. 1226 Broadway.
OAKUM) KUHMTUIIE KOIt SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ASSKSSMIS-NT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— Wlttram Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal place of business,
226 Market St.. San Francisco.
Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held pn the 9th day of
March. 1300. an assessment (No. S) of three
(3) cents per share was levied upon the capi-
tal etock of the corporation, payable imme-
diately In United States gold coin to the sec-
retary at the office of the company at the
above address.
Any Hock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 11th day of April. 1900,
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment Is made
before, will be sold on the 28th day of April,
ISOO to pay the delinquent assessment, to-
gether with costs of advertising and expenses
of sale. By order of the Board of Directors.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secretary.
226 Market Et.
United States Coast and Geodetic . Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. »
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at ' Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
ligMSli "» 15s for Honolulu
iTil*"" Wednesday. April 4.
¦ 190 °- *t ap. m.
Gj^TI.L;..! The 8. 9. Moan*
SMnCWD'' ¦*"" 77 1 * Honolulu and
AvTromi Auclt 'an<J for Sydney
?-„ {pjUPSfWh Wednesday. April 13.
FaTorlte line around the world via Haws 11.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez,
England, etc.: $810 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & 8305.C0.. Aq\%, tl* Montgomerf
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Ctfice.32? Market St
CCMPA3SIE GESERALE TBAKSATLASTIQTJB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKE-PARI3.
Sailing every Thursday instead of XSJSSiS
Saturday, from November 2. 1599. at *~ '**?****'
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st: LA TOURAINE. March 29; LA
BRETAONE. April 6; L'AQUITAINE, April 12;
LA GASCOGNE, April 19. First class to
Havre, $60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. Second class to Havre, $45: 5
per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
DIED.
Ardery. Annie I. Kelly, Patrick A.
Baum, Jacob Kinder, John C.
Bender, Catherine M. Levinson. William A.
Dowd, Peter ¦ • Lynch. J. W.
Flanagan. Edward McVey, John
Ford, Daniel Maass, Andrew
Frank, Martin Pielhop. Henry J.
Gaffney, Harry T. Prezeau, Godfiey
Garibaldi, Lucca Rodden. James J.
Hacker. Gertrude Rudolph, Sempronia
Hanley, John • Scanlon. Willie J.
Hughes, Sarah Skiff, James W.
. Jefters, Ann . Smith, Mrs. Ellen
Johum, Frank H. Sullivan, Timothy
ARDERY— In this city. March 23. 1900. Annie
I. Ardery. beloved mothenof William N. and
Fred H. Dingley, and sister of W. A. Rob-
inson and Myra Hafford, a native of Cam-
bridgeport, Mass., aired 64 years 2 months
and IS days. (Cambrldeeport, Mass., and
Portland. Or., papers please copy.)
Her life was an example
To mother, wife or friend.
Love, sympathy, compassion,'
Did in her. being blend.
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Charles H. Jacob. & Co.. 318 Mason
street, between Geary and O'Farrell. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BAUM— In this city; March 22, 1900. Jacob
llaum, beloved husband of Bertha Baum,
father of Mrs. 11. Nathan and Haldee and
Elsie Baum, and brother of Gustav and Hy-
man Baum, a native of Germany, aged 59
years and 6 months. (Los Angeles papers
please copy.)
(CFrlends and acquaintances and members
of Golden Gate Stamm No. 74. U. O. R. M.,
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his
late residence, 1304 Mils street, near Laguna,
and thence by train leaving Third and Town-
send streets at 11:30 o'clock to Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery for interment.
BENDER— In this city, March 22, 1900, Cath-
erine M., beloved wife of J, P. Bender, a na-
tive of Cortbridge. Scotland, aged 63 years V
month and 18 days.
{E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 421 Twenty-ninth street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
DOWD— In this city, March 23, 1900, Peter, be-
loved husband of Mary Dowd, and father of
Mrs. M. A. Kirlln and Margaret E. Dowd, a
native of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 68
years.
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2537 Mission street. . thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvaiy
Cemetery.
FLANAGAN— In the City and County Hospital,
March 23, 1900. Edward Flanagan, a native of
New Hampshire, aged 40 years.
FORD- In this city, March 22. 1900, Daniel,
husband of the late Hanorah Ford, and father
of Daniel F., John E., James H. and Wil-
liam T. Ford, a native of Ireland, aged 6S
years.
f'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3016 Twenty-fifth street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hi*
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FRANK— In New York City, March 23. 1900,
Martin, beloved husband of Lola Frank,
father of Stewart, Norman, MUo and Meryl
Frank, and brother of Mrs. Alfred J. Marcus,
Mrs. I. W. Tausslg and Louis J., Albert and
William Frank, a native of San Francisco,
aged 40 years 10 months and 29 days.
GAFFNEY— In this city, March 22, 1900. Harry
T., beloved husband of Jennie Gaffney, and
brother of Mrs. John J. Dougherty, a native
of Australia, aged 44 years. A member of
Father Matthew T. A. A. B. Society and
Borromeo Council No. 129. Y. M. I.
[CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co., 1236 Market street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BORROMEAN COUNCIL— To the officers and
m-mbers of Borromean Council No. 129, Y.
M. I.: You are hereby notified to meet at
1235 Market street to-morrow (Sunday), at
11:30 o'clock, to attend tbe funeral of our late
brother, Harry T. Gaffney. Every member Is
earnestly requested to attend.
DANIEL HURST, President.
F. D. O'NEILL, Secretary.
GARIBALDI— In this city, March 22, 1900.
Lucca, dearly beloved husband of Lizzie
Garibaldi, father of Myrtle and Leona Gari-
baldi, son of Giuseppe and Adellna Garibaldi,
and brother of Virgil, Joseph and Linda Gari-
baldi, Mrs. J. Bertola and Mrs. J. Fortunate
a native of San Francisco, aged 35 years 3
months and 5 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1421 Kearny street, near Union.
HACKER— In this city. March 23. 1900. Ger-
trude Hacker, beloved daughter of Virginia
Reid and the late Bernard Hacker, a native
of San Francisco, aged 14 years 3 months and
12 days.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 295 Page street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
HANLEY— In Seattle, March 14. 1900. John, be-
loved son of Ellen and the late Thoman Han-
ley, and brother of Thomas. James, Joseph,
Mamie and the late William Hanley, a na-
tive of Sydney, Australia, aged 34 years and
9 months. (Sydney, Australia, papers please
copy.)
tuTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Francis Church for serv-
ices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUGHES— In this city, March 22, 1900, Sarah,
beloved wife of William Hughes, mother of
William Huches Jr., Mrs. William Wedge-
wood and Mrs. William Halllnan. and sister
of Mrs. Catherine "McCrossln and Annie Fee,
a native of Ennisklllen, County Fermanagh,
Ireland, aged 60 years and 10 months. (Phila-
delphia papers please copy.)
[C3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late rest-
denc«, 13 Lafayette street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
JEFFERS— In this city, March 21, 1900, Ann,
beloved wife of the late Thomas Jeffers. and
mother of Margaret and Sarah Jeffers, a na-
tive of Belfast. Ireland. •
. ICTFunera! this day (Saturday), at 1:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 16 Faith
street, between Holladay avenue and Bru-
ster street Interment private, Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
JOHUM— In this city, March 22. 1900, Frank H.
Johum, a native of New York, aged 27 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
thence to St. Anthony's Church. Army street,
near Folsom. for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, March 21. 1900, Patrick
A., beloved hu»band of Sarah Kelly, -father
of Philip and Florence Kelly, and brother of
Peter J. and Katie Kelly, a native of Salem,
. Mass., aged 43 years. (Boston, Mass., papers
please copy.)
C7"Funeral this day (Saturday), at 9:30
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Porter
& White, 122 Eddy street. Interment private.
KINDER— In this city, March 22. 1900, John
Charles, beloved husband of the late Clcllle
Kinder, father of Mrs. C. Weber, and grand-
father of Charles, Helnricke and .Clcllle
Weber, a native of St. Pauly, Hamburg. Ger-
many, aged 62 years 2 months and 22 days.
A member of Hermann I>odge No. 145, I. O.
O. F.. and Bernal Lodge-No. 19, A. O. U. W.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late -resi-
dence, 120 Germania street, between Flllmore
and Steiner. Waller and Hermann. . Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEVINSON— In this city. March 22, 1900, Wil-
liam A. Levinson, beloved father of- Ethel
Clare Levlnson of ' Chicago, and brother of
Mrs. Rose Hityden. Mrs. J. M. - Peai lman.
Mrs. Charles Flshel and John r Levlnson, a
native of Bastrop, La. (Chicago, New York
and Tacoma papers please copy.)
IC7'Th» funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence by 11:30 o'clock train from Valencia
and Twenty-fifth streets. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. . .
McVEY— In this city, March 21, 1900, John Mc-
Vey, a native of Ireland, aged 36 years and
10 months.
ITJTrlends and acquaintances : are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral 'to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30, o'clock, from ; Mangels
Hall, Twenty-fourth and Folsom streets. In-
NOTE— In the sbove exposition of the tides
the ¦ early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and - the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
r«cond time column gives the second tide of
the- day the third time column the third tide
and i the', last or right ' hand column ¦ gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition ' to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by : the charts. The plane of
reference Is th> mean of the lower low waters.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBTXRO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also New York-Hamburg Direct. nM
For sailing, etc., apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. 37 B'dw*y. NT.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co.'s passengers on application.
HERZOG St CO., Gen. Agts. for Pacific Coast.
401 California st. cor. Sansome. g. F.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher), .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMERS,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Llnooln SchooL .
; Telephone South 80.
11
O Time Time Time Tlm«
9 Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W t. W H"W L W
!4 ¦' . 4:31 6.0 11:52 0.4 7:15 4.4 ......
' L, W H W L W H W
« 0:14 3.2 5:51 6.0 12:52 0.4 8:02
6 .*." 1-21 2.7 7:11 5.1 1:48 0.4 8:45
7 ' 213 2.1 8:24 5.2 2:37 0.5 9:25
IS * 8-11 1.4 9:29 5.3 3:20 0.7 10:01
b .' 400 0.8 10:29 6.4 4:11 1.0 10:33
:0 "... 4:47 0.3 11:231 5.4 . 4:51| 1.4 11:15
, 4.6
E.O
5.3
6.5
6.7
i 5.9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Corona San Diego Mar. 2*
Czarina IPuget Sound Mar. 21
Willamette ••-. Seattle Mar. U
Robt. Adamson Kanaimo Mar. 24
Crescent City... Crescent City.... Mar. 25
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. 25
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 25
Bonlta Newport „ Mar. 28
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Mar. 28
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 26
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 28
Australia Honolulu Mar. 27
Matteawan Tacoma Mar. 27
Pomona San Diego Mar. 23
Queen Victoria A Puget Sound Mar. 23
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. 2$
Warfleld Oyster Harbor Mar. 23
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 23
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 28.
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 23
Curacao Mexico Mar. 29
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 29
Coos Bay Newport Mar. 3D
City of Sydney. Panama Mar. 30
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 30
State of Ca1.... Portland Mar. 3l
Del Norte Oregon Ports Mar. 31
China China and Japan Mar. 31
Steamer.
Destination.
Balls.
Pier.
Etate of Cal
Coob Bay...
Pt. Arena..
IS. Marl seal
North Fork
Coquille Rv
Samoa .....
Orizaba ....
Centennial .
Corona ....
Umatllla ..
Bonlta
Colon
Arcata
C. Nelson...
Columbia ..
Pomona ....
Santa Rosa
Honpk'gr M
Portland
Newport
Point Arena..
Mexico
Humboldt
Grays Harbor
Humboldt
Humboldt
Kahulul
San Dlejro
Vie & Pgrt Sd.
Newport
Panama
Coos Bay
Makawell.....
Portland
San Dleg-o
San Dlejro
China & Japan
Mar. 24. 10 am
Mar. 24. 9am
Mar. 24. 2 prn
Mar. 24. 4pm
Mar. 24. 9am
Mar. 24, ......
Mar. 25, 10 am
Mar. 25, 2pm
Mar. 25, 12 m
Mar. 26. 11 am
Mar. 27, 10 am
Mar. 23. 9am
Mar. 23. 12 m
Mar. 28, 12 m
Mar. 2S, 9am
Mar. 29, 10 am
Mar. 30. 11 am
Mar. 30, 11 am
I Mar. 11. Ipm
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
PlerU
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 11
PM33
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 11
pmss
O Time Time Time Tlm«
9 Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W t. W H"W L W
!4 ¦' . 4:31 6.0 11:52 0.4 7:15 4.4 ......
' L, W H W L W H W
« 0:14 3.2 5:51 6.0 12:52 0.4 8:02
6 .*." 1-21 2.7 7:11 5.1 1:48 0.4 8:45
7 ' 213 2.1 8:24 5.2 2:37 0.5 9:25
IS * 8-11 1.4 9:29 5.3 3:20 0.7 10:01
b .' 400 0.8 10:29 6.4 4:11 1.0 10:33
:0 "... 4:47 0.3 11:231 5.4 . 4:51| 1.4 11:15
, 4.6
E.O
5.3
6.5
6.7
i 5.9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Corona San Diego Mar. 2*
Czarina IPuget Sound Mar. 21
Willamette ••-. Seattle Mar. U
Robt. Adamson Kanaimo Mar. 24
Crescent City... Crescent City.... Mar. 25
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. 25
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 25
Bonlta Newport „ Mar. 28
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Mar. 28
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 26
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 28
Australia Honolulu Mar. 27
Matteawan Tacoma Mar. 27
Pomona San Diego Mar. 23
Queen Victoria A Puget Sound Mar. 23
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. 2$
Warfleld Oyster Harbor Mar. 23
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 23
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 28.
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 23
Curacao Mexico Mar. 29
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 29
Coos Bay Newport Mar. 3D
City of Sydney. Panama Mar. 30
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 30
State of Ca1.... Portland Mar. 3l
Del Norte Oregon Ports Mar. 31
China China and Japan Mar. 31
Steamer.
Destination.
Balls.
Pier.
Etate of Cal
Coob Bay...
Pt. Arena..
IS. Marl seal
North Fork
Coquille Rv
Samoa .....
Orizaba ....
Centennial .
Corona ....
Umatllla ..
Bonlta
Colon
Arcata
C. Nelson...
Columbia ..
Pomona ....
Santa Rosa
Honpk'gr M
Portland
Newport
Point Arena..
Mexico
Humboldt
Grays Harbor
Humboldt
Humboldt
Kahulul
San Dlejro
Vie & Pgrt Sd.
Newport
Panama
Coos Bay
Makawell.....
Portland
San Dleg-o
San Dlejro
China & Japan
Mar. 24. 10 am
Mar. 24. 9am
Mar. 24. 2 prn
Mar. 24. 4pm
Mar. 24. 9am
Mar. 24, ......
Mar. 25, 10 am
Mar. 25, 2pm
Mar. 25, 12 m
Mar. 26. 11 am
Mar. 27, 10 am
Mar. 23. 9am
Mar. 23. 12 m
Mar. 28, 12 m
Mar. 2S, 9am
Mar. 29, 10 am
Mar. 30. 11 am
Mar. 30, 11 am
I Mar. 11. Ipm
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
PlerU
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 11
PM33
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 11
pmssYou never have a head in the morning from
drinking , Jesse . Moore ; "AA". •whiskey. Try It.
Best ranch eggs 15 cents per dozen at
faber'a, 119 Taylor street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 24, 1900.
Death of Martin Prank.
"Martin Frank, first I , vice president and
Eastern representative of .the ¦ local firm
of S. H. Frank & Co.. died In New York
City yesterday.: He was born /and raised
jjS?V Waist
\P^w Special
• fl(s-/iM^\ w . hh y bother with
/ Wji imislV I j " i •
/ A * - : fi fii|i«i/V \ dressmaking or
•*pgj££s&) — hunting silks
111 1 \\ when we offer
This style Silk Waist for
Mad* of the best Juvenile Taffetas, with
thirty-six fine tucks and six box plaits; hand-
•omety embroidered with silit, and lined
throughout with percalino, dres»maker*sfinith
All Staple and Newest
Pastel Shades
840 Market St., Opp. 4th
IFciAL BARGAINS
Saturday Monday
GROSSE & BLAGKWELL'S JAMS 15c
BEST Petaluma Ranch EGGS, doz 15c
Finest Creamery Butter, 2 T&T" 40c
CHOICE Sis. BUTTER, square :35c
SLICED iss PEACHES, can. llOc
KONA COFFEE, 3^ lbs. isoc
FAIRBANKS GOLD DU5T, "55.115c
Mackerel x^lt Sauce, can. - 124 c
IMPORTED SWISS UHEESE, Ib 25c
PORT, SHERRY, ANGELICA.gaI 95c
ZINFANDEU vintage 93, ga! - -;40c
Rye and Bourbon Whisky, gal $2 50
Send for . Monthly Price List Free.
. Country Order» promptly attended to. :
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp 7th. 'Phone 8. 232. No Branch Stores.
Lenten Exercises.
The fourth of the six services held at
the cathedral under Calvarian Society
auspices will take place to-morrow at 3
p. m. After the "Way of the Cross" and
before benediction a sermon will be de
livered by Rev. William E. McGough. His
subject will be "Calaphas. the Priest."
Our work and methods made many firms rich.
Our printing wins. Mysell-Rolllns. 22 Clay. •
my own country; first, please God, for
the United States of America.
Future of California.
| Which way. do your intertsts lie? Which
way, do the Interests of California and
the city of. San Francisco He?
Three or four : days ago, ¦ when your
president .honored me with the summons
I am now obeying, there came back to me
a vague memory of the visions cherished
by the men you rate the highest in Cali
fornia—your pioneers and forty-niners—
as to the future of the empire they were
founding on this coast.
Here, for example, was Mr. William A.
Howard, whom I found declaring not
quite a third of a century ago that San
Francisco would yet be the largest Ameri
can city on the largest ocean of the world.
And here again was Mr. Delos Lake
maintaining that the "United States Is
now on a level with the most favored na
tions; that its geographical position, its
line of palatial steamers established on
the Pacific Ocean by American enterprise,
and soon to be followed by ocean tele
graphs, must before long render this
continent the proper avenue of com
merce between Europe and Asia, and
raise this metropolis of the Pacific to the
loftiest height of monetary power"
There was a reason, too, widely held
by the great men of the day, whose names
have passed into history, for some such
faith. Thus, an old Californlan of high
and happy fame— Major General Halleck—
speaking of San Francisco, said: "Stand-
Ing here on the extreme western verge of
the republic, overlooking the coast of Asia
and occupying the future center of trade
and commerce of two worlds » • • jf
that civilization which so long has moved
westward with the star of empire is now.
purified by the principles of true Chris
tianity, to go on around the world until
it reaches the place of its origin and
makes the Orient blossom again with its
benign influences, San Francisco must be
made the abutment and international law
the bridge by which it will cross the Pa
cific Ocean. The enterprise of the mer
chants of California has already laid the
foundation of the abutments; diplomacy
and steam and telegraph companies -are
rapidly accumulating material for . the
construction of the bridge." Thus far
Halleck. But have the Californians of
this generation abandoned the bridge?
Are we to believe these men of to-day
who tell us it Is not worth crossing?
Spirit of Forty-Nine.
Let no man fancy that these somo
tlmes exuberant expressions of a noblo
and far-seeing faith by your own pre
decessors and by a prescient foreigner
have been revived In derision, or even In
doubt. Those were the days when, if some
were for a party, at any rate all were for
the State. These were great men, • far
seeing, courageous,. patriotic, the men of
'49. who in such lofty spirit and with such
high hope' laid the foundation of this em
pire on the Pacific. Distance did not dis
turb them, nor difficulties discourage. -
Has the race shriveled under these sum
mer skies? Has it grown old beforo Its
time? Is its natural strength abated' Are
the old energy and the old courage gone'
Has the soul of this people shrunk within
them? Or is It only that there are str'dent
voices from California sounding across the
Sierras and the Rockies that misrepresent
and shame a State whose sons are not
unworthy of their fathers? * .. '. ,
¦Has the arm of . the Californlan been
shortened that he cannot reach out? Has
Sorrow Hastened Klint's Death.
Henry Klint died suddenly Thursday
afternoon a few hours after he had made
a futile effort to save his fifteen-year-old
son Robert from a term In prison. Kline
was subject to heart disease and it is pre
sumed that the excitement and sorrow at
tending his son's trial before Judge Law
lor hastened his demise. The boy was
committed to the Whittier Reform School
until he reaches his majority.
Best creamery butter, two squares for 63
cents, at ¦ Faber's, 119 Taylor street. •
Too Much Mother-in-Law.
Harry D. M. Cobb, whose wife of six
weeks. Josephine C. Cobb, sued him for
a divorce a few days ago on the ground
of cruelty, filed his answer to her com
plaint yesterday afternoon, and after de
nying all of the allegations of cruelty and
shotgun episodes, declares that the whole
trouble is due to "too much mother-in
law."
the salt left him, that he. cannot occupy
and possess the great ocean that the Lord
has given him, or has he forgotten the les
son taught by the history of his own race
(and of the great nations of the world),
that oceans no longer separate— they
unite? There are no protracted and pain
ful struggles to build a Pacific rail'oad
for your next great step. The right of
way is assured, the grading is done, the
rails are laid. • ¦ ¦ -? ¦ •
Contiguous land gives a nation cohes'.onl
but it Is the water that brings other na
tions near. The' continent divides you
from customers beyond the mountains,
but the ocean unites you ,wlth the whole
boundless, mysterious Orient. .
Cause of Our Prosperity.
San- Francisco Is exceptionally prosper
ous now. So •is the State of California.
Why? Partly, no doubt, because you are
sh..rlng the. prosperity which blesses the
w-iolo country. But. is that all? What
Is the increase in the shipping •at your
wharves? What was me meaning of tnose
crowded, columns of business- statistics
your newspapers proudly printed last New
Year's; wnat the significance of the . in
crease In exports ana imports, far beyond
mere army requirements? Why is. every
room taken in your, big buildings? What
has crowded your docks, filled your streets,
quickened your • markets, rented your
stores and dwellings, sent all this new
blood pulsing through your veins, made
you like the worn Richelieu when. In that
moment, there ! entered his spent veins
the might of France? ¦
Was. It. the rage you, have witnessed
among some of your own leaders against
everything, that has been done the past
two years; the warning against everything
that is to be done? Was it the proof of
our unworthiness and misdeeds, to which
we all penitentially , listened, as so elo
quently Bet forth from the high places of
light and leading ; the demonstration that
what we needed was to sit under the live
oaks and "develop the individual man,"
nor dare to look beyond; the forgetfulness
that muscles grow strong only with exer
cise; that it Is the duties of manhood that
take the acrid humors out. of a youth's
blood; that it Is great responsibility, man
fully met not cowardly evaded, that so
bers and steadies and enobles? •V. '
Treatment of the Islands.
. Well then, how -.shall "the islands be
treated? Are they to be our -wards, ob
jects "of our \ duty ; and . our ¦ care ; or are
uiey to be our full partners? We may as
well look that question .straight In the
face. ?-..¦ ¦ • ' ' .- :\" *- :. '¦¦
-''luen of ten • say— l ¦ have even heard it
within a. week on this coast— that all this
is purely-imaginary;' that nobody favors
their admission as States. Let us see..: An
ounce of fact in a matter of such moment
is worth tons of random denial. rWithin
the' month, a distinguished, and experi
enced United States - Senator ; from the
North has announced that he sees no rea
son why Porto Rico should not be a State.
Within the.s ame period ¦• one of-the lead
ing religious journals of the continent has
declared that It wouia be a selfish I and
brutal tyranny I that would exclude I Porto
Rico. Only, a few. weeks earlier, one of
our : ablest generals, ' now commanding, a
department In one of our dependencies, a
laureled hero I of. two | wars, has officially
reported •to j tho. Government in favor of
steps for the admission of Cuba as a State.
On every hand rise- cries' that In any event
they I cannot , and ' must ; not - be. dependen
cies. Some ot ¦ these." are \ apparently J for
mere partisan effect, but : others are the
obvious promptings of a* sincere and high
minded, however mistaken. Impulse. •--
Partly through mere Inadvertence, but
partly also .through -crafty design, : the
wave of generous sympathy for;the suf
fering little island -of. Porto 'Rico which
has been; sweeping over the- country has
come very near being : perverted s Into ' the
means of: turning awry the general policy
and: permanent course of , a great -nation.
.To relieve the temporary; distress by;rec
ognizing the Porto Rlcans as citizens and
by. an extension of the Dingley tariff to
Porto Rico as a: matter of .constitutional
right foreclosed- the whole question. % C
•As tothe mere duty of :promptand am
ple ; relief for. the : distress . in Porto Rico
Dandruff removed. Treatments 50c u;».
Room 430. Parrott bldg.. Prudential Half
Physicians; open evg3. by appointment.*
CHARTER DAY AS CELEBRATED AT THE UNIVERSITY.
there Is happily not a shade of difference
or opinion among the seventy-flve millions
of inhabitants. .- Nor was the free-trade
remedy so vehemently recommended, im
portant enough in itself- to provoke seri
ous objection or delay.
Btyond and above all, give her the best
system for her situation and wants,
whether it be our Dingley tariff or some
other, because it is the best for her and
is therefore our duty: not because it i#
ours, and therefore under. the constitution
of the United States her right. Th* ad
mission of that ill omened and unfounded
claim would be at the bar of politics a
colossal blunder, at the bar of patriotism
a colossal crime.
Admission of the Island.
But it is said that Porto Rico deserves
admission anyway, because we are bound
by the volunteered assurance of General
Miles that they should have the rights of
American citizens, perhaps; though there
is no evidence that he meant more or they
thought he meant more than such rights
as American ' citizens everywhere enjoy,
even in the District of Columbia— equal
laws, trial by jury, the writ of habeas cor
pus, local self-government— ln a word, the
civil rights which the genius of our Gov
ernment secures to all under our control
who are capable of exercising them. If he
did mean more, or if they thought he
meant more, did that entitle him to antici
pate his chief and override in casual mil
itary proclamation the supreme law of
the land, whose commission he bore? Or
dld.it entitle them to suppose that he
cftuld? Behind Porto Rico is Cuba and
behind Cuba are all the other West
Indies, and the famous law of polit
ical gravitation which John Quincy Ad
ams prophetically announced three-quar
ters of a cenutry ago will then be acting
on them with ever-increasing force. And
behind them, not ahead of them— abreast
of Porto Rico Itself— stand the Philippines.
Regard, I beg of you, in the calm white
light that befits these cloistered retreats
of sober thought, the degradation of the
republic .thus coolly contemplated by the
men who assure us we have no possessions
whose people are not entitled under our
constitution to citizenship and ultimately
to statehood! The Republican institutions
we have been trained In constitute a sys
tem only likely to endure among a peo
ple of high virtue and high intelligence.
Such are Its complications and checks and
balances and interdependencies which tax
the intelligence, , the patience, the virtue
of the highest * Caucasian development,
that it Is obviously a system absolutely
unworkable by' a group of tropical and
Oriental .races, I . more or less hostile to
each other whose highest type is a Chi
nese and ? Malay ' halfbreed, and among
whom millions,, a 'majority, possibly are
far below, the level of the pure Malay.
¦ We all remember Mr.\ Lincoln's words.
"This .Government cannot permanently
endure half slave, half free." Who dis
putes It now? •..-., ¦ . .-•¦-¦.',-.
Duty Should Be Followed.
Well, •then,, tan it endure half civilized
and enlightened, half barbarous and pa
gan; half-white, half-black, brown;' yellow
and mixed; i half northern and . we3tem
half tropical and Oriental; one half homo
geneous, continental,; the • other half in
myriads of islands scattered .half-way
around the globe.-but all eager to parMoL*
pate in . ruling this continent . which our
fathers with ¦ fire and . sword .. redeemed
from - bnrbaiism and I subdued Ito < the uses
of-the highest civilization?
-May I not go further and vouch for you
as ; Californians,-: that'- 1 the faith :of the
fathers has- not forsaken the sons;- that
you still believe In the possibilities of tha
good I land the Lord * has - given you,' and
mean ¦ to: work: them '• out; that you know
what hour sthe i national ; clock has struck
and are not mistaking , this for the eight
eenth century ; that you : will bid the men
who have made that mistake, the m»n of
little faith, the shirkers, the doubters, th«
carpers, 'the- ; grumblers, ; begone,- like
Diogenes, 1 to their tubs— aye, better his in
struction And require -these.- his followers
to get out of your light. 1 .For. Io! yet an
other I century ; is , upon you.'; before which
even the marvels of the nineteenth are to
grow pale. As of old, light breaks from th«
Caught Trout Out of Season.
R. W. Willey and L. E. Lewis were ar
rested yesterday at Soquel, Santa Cruz
County, for violating the State law which
prohibits the taking of trout before the
Ist of April. They were taken to Santa
Cruz, where they pleaded guilty and were
each fined $20 by Judge Stanley.
Superfluous hair removed without th*
electric needle. Treatment 50c up. Ladies'
Hair Physicians, room 430, Parrott bid?.*
Salvation Farewell Service.
The headquarters .of the Salvation Army
on Market street were crowded last even
ing, the occasion being the farewell of
Lieutenant Colonel William Brewer and
Major Ludgate of New York, respectively
editor of the Salvation Army publications
and writer of Salvation Army hymns. All
the instrumental musicians of the army
in the city were present. Colonel Evans
presided. Colonel Brewer spoke and Major
Ludgate sang.
has been able to answer the question
aright; but many another amiss. In the
eyes of the highest judge a man's life is
of no account if his short space of exist
ence has not tended to make the world
better.
"There, has been founded here at the
gate of the West an institution of the
noblest public spirit. The State has
created the university and left it to the
care and love of Californians. The uni
versity Is not the place for the engender
ing of private power and gain. It does
not exist for private interest, but for the
interest of the community. It does not
exist as the special tool for the use of any
one man. It exists that it may provide
good and noble citizens."
Whitelaw Reid Warmly Greeted.
Then the speaker of the day, Whitelaw
Reid, was introduced, amid the prolonged
cheering and handclapplng of the audi
ence. For an hour he spoke to those as
sembled and held their interest and at
tention to the very end. His subject was
"National Questions." With masterful
treatment and an eloquence simple and
straightforward he discussed his theme
along broad lines. At the conclusion ct
his speech cheer after cheer came from
the students as a tribute of honor to the
university's guest.
In part Mr. Reid's speech follows:
My subject has been variously stated in
your different newspapers as "Current
National Questions" or "The Present Na
tional Question" or "General Expositions;
Not on Anything in Particular," When
your president honored me with his invi
tation to a duty so high and so sudden
that it might almost be dignified by the
name of a draft he gave me nearly equal
license. I was to speak "on anything
growing out of the late war with Spain."
How that war resembles the grippe!
You remember the medical definition by
an authority no less high than our present
distinguished Secretary of State. "The
grippe," said Colonel Hay, "is that dis
ease in which, after you have been cured,
you get steadily worse every day of your
convalescence!" There are people of so
little faith as to say that this exactly de
scribes the late war with Spain!
If one is to speak at all of its present
aspects, on this high day of your uni
versity year, he should do so only as a
patriot, not as a partisan. But he cannot
avoid treading upon ground where the
ashes ere yet warm, and discussing ques
tions which in spite of the present inter
mingling of party lines and confusion of
party ideas, will presently bo found the
very battle-ground of campaign oratory
and hostile hosts. You will credit me, I
hope, witn sufficient respect for the pro
prieties of this platform to avoid marked
partisan arguments— even though, fortified
by the express warrant of your dis
tinguished president to discuss national
questions from any point of view that a
patriot can take. • . • .
New Lands Ours to Hold.
The new territories in the West. Indies
and the East are ours, to have and to
hold, by the supreme law of the land and
by a title which the whole civilized world
recognjzes and respects. We shall not
speedily get rid of them— whoever may de-
On these points I make bold to repeat
what I felt warranted in saying, a
fortnight ago within sight of Bunker Hill
that there is every evidence that the
American people have distinctly and
definitely made up their minda.
The American people know that they'
are thus proceeding to do Just what Jef
ferson did in the vast region he bought
from France— without the consent, by the
way, either of its sovereign or its inhab
itants. They know that they are follow
ing in the exact path of all the construc
tive statesmen of the republic, from the
days of the man who wrote the declara
tion and of those who made the consti
tution, down 'to the days of the men- who
conquered California, bought Alaska and
denied the right of self-government to
Jefferson Davis. They simply do not
believe that a new light has been given to
the present apostles of a little America,
greater and purer than was given to
Washington or to Jefferson, or to Lin
coln.
Past Cannot Be Changed.
So I venture to affirm without qualifica
tion or reserve, that what is past cannot
be changed. Candid and dispassionate
minds knowing the American people of
all political shades and in all sections of
the country, can see no possibility that
any party in power, whether the present
one or its. opponent, would or could now
or soon. If ever, abandon or give back
one foot of the territory gained In the late
war. ... .
But In. all these constitutional discus
sions to which we are referring one clause
in the constitution has been curiously
thrust aside. The framers placed it on
the very forefront of the edifice they were
rearing, and there declared for our in
struction and guidance that "the people
do ordain and establish this constitution
• • • to promote the general welfare."
By what right do statesmen now venture
to think that they can leave our national
interests out of the account? Who and
where is the sentimentalist who arraigns
ub for descending to too sordid a level
when we recognize our interest to hold
what the discharge of duty has placed In
our hand? Since when has it been states
manship to shut our eyes to the Interests
of our own country and «patriotlsm to
consider only the interests or the wishes
of others? For my own part I confess to
a belief in standing up first for my own,
and find it difficult to cherish much re
spect for the man who won't— first for my
own family rather than some other
man's; first for my own city and State
rather than for somebody, else's; first for
INT the new assembly hall of the Uni
versity of California, with a new di
rector of its fortunes presiding over
the exercises and a new spirit of pro
gTPss animating students and fac
ulty alike, the thirty-second charter day
anniversary of that institution was cele
brated yesterday morning and afternoon
In a manner that will nuke the occasion a
memorable one in the history of the uni
versity.
Simple and impressive were the charter
day exercises in the morning. On the pro
gramme was nothing more than a few
musical selections, a prayer, a benedic
tion, an introductory speech by President
Wheeler aud an address by Whitelaw
Reid, the distinguished editor of the New
York Tribune ajitf formerly United States
Minister to France. It was the spirit back
of the prayer, the benediction and ad
dresses that told of a new order and a
new atmosphere.
This charter day was celebrated In a
multiform manner. The exercises in the
morning were but the beginning of a
eeries of specially arranged entertain
ments. On the li*"-ld and track the ath
letic spirit of the students manifested it
self In races and a. baseball game. The
alumni, gathered from all parts of the
State, met in formal session, pledging
themselves to work heart and soul for the
betterment of the university. Mrs. Phebe
Hearst, to whom the work of regenera
tion is in a great measure due, entertained
the regents and Whitelaw Reid, the guest
of honor, at a luncheon. In the evening
the formal reception to Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, postponed for many months,
•was a brilliant ending of the president's
first charter day in his capacity as head
of the University of California.
Assembly Hall Packed.
At 11 o'clock, the hour set for the be
ginning of the exercises, the assembly
haJl, which is the Harmon Gymnasium
greatly enlarged by an addition which
Mrs. Hearst's beneficence secured for the
university, was packed to the doors. The
etudents formed in line according to their
classes, marched from North Hall to the
gymnasium and took their specially re
served Beats, being followed by the august
and dignified' regents and members of the
faculty. President Wheeler and White
law Reid led the procession up the -main
aisle a till on to the stage. Among those
¦who occupied places on the platform were
IX O. Mills. Rev. Horatio Stebbins, Rabbi
Voorsanper and Mrs. Phebe Hearst.
Both prayer and benediction were de
livered by Rev. Robert F. Coyle, pastor of
the First Pr<?Fbyterian Church of Oak
land. President Wheeler made but a
Fhort address, merely introductory to his
presentation of Whitolaw Reid, but the
few words he spoke were full of moment
end profoundly effective. He said:
President Wheeler's Address.
"We are assembled here to-day in rec
ognition of a pious devotion to the cause
that led to the laying of the foundation
of this university, which has grown out
of a harsh conflict with nature — the unl
•verslty which has issued from these fields
to the higher consciousness of which we
are members. We live not by bread alone.
Out of the lion's mouth came forth re
markable sweetness. It is the lesson of
history, repeated over and over again,
that as the tension of public spirit has
t>e«*n at its highest the foundations of
universities have set themselves along the
path of the commercial empires.
"When a man has achieved hi? ambition
he asks the meaning thereof. It may be
In mockery of himself that a man should,
at the highest point in his career, ask
hlmnelf cf what use Is it. Many a man
Jeffries at the Chutes Sunday.
Jim Jeffries will spar with his brother
Jack, to-morrow afternoon at the Chutes*.
The exhibition will be given over th»
Chutes lake.
east,- but now also, for you, from th-j
Farther East. It circles the world in both
directions, like the flag it is newly gilCinsr
now with its tropic beams. The dawn of
the twentieth century bursts upon you
without needing to cross the Sierras, and
bathes at once In its golden splendors
with simultaneous effulgence the Nar
rows of Sandy Hook and the peerless por
tals of the Golden Gate.
?
SPEED AND ENDURANCE
ON THE BERKELEY OVAL
A small crowd attended the freshman
sophomore Affiliated Colleges field day on
the Berkeley cinder path yesterday. While
some of the contests were interesting,
none of the events rose to any degree of
brilliancy. No records were broken nor
were any of them equaled. The games
developed a promising sprinter in Stanley
of the clas of '03, who won his heat and
the final in the 100-yard dash. His tlm«».
10 4-5, was excellent when It is taken Into
consideration that he has done little or
no training. In all probability the fresh
man will be encouraged, as he has the
making of a fast man in the sprints.
Following were the officials: Referee. Vt.
P Drum; starter. E. J. Brown; timers.
Professor Magee, H. D. Smith and Jame3
L. Drum; Judges at finish, Walter Dickie,
Howard Squires and Charles Pringle; field
judges. Jack D. Hoffman. H. P, Hill and
C. R. Broughton; clerk of course, John B.
McNab; marshal, Dr. George Hufterdine.
Results:
100-yard dash: First heat— First, Stanl-y. '03:
second. Walsh. A. C. Time, jlO 4-5. Second
heat— First. Bishop, '02: second. Townsend. 03.
Time 10 3-6. Final— First, Stanley; seconu.
Bishop; third. Townsend. Time. 10 4-5.
120- yard hurdle— First, Bakewell, A. C: sec
ond, Hamlln, '02. Time, 16 3-5.
Half-mile run. SSO yards— First, Service. 02;
second. Wooltey, A. C.;- third. Clifford. Time.
"¦l4O-yard dash, a quarter of a mile— First,
Scott, '02; second, Robertson. 'C 3; third. Pow
ers, '02 Time. 55 2-5. _
One mile (open)— First. Mosher. 01; second,
Guatafson. '01; third, Tolman, 01. Time.
4 One '"mil- walk— First. Carter. '02; second,
Willis. A. C. Time. 8:17 1-5.
'20-yard hurdle— First, Bakewell, A. C. ; sec
ond, Powell. '02. Time, 27 2-5.
'20-yard dash— First. Townsend. 03; second.
Baker, '03: third, Walsh, A. C. Time. 24 4-6. *
' One mile run— First, Clifford, '03; second.
Scott: third. Reeve. Time. 5:15 4-5.
Shot-put— First. /Woolsey. A. C: second.
Plaw, '02; third.' Bishop. Distance, 37 8-10 feet.
Hißh Jump— First, Woolsey. A*.. C: second,
Foster; third. Powell, '02. Height. 5 feet 6>*
Pole vault— First. Puden. "02: second. Wool
sey. Height. 9 feet 6 Inches.
-¦ Broad jump— First, Topham, '03: second. Ser
vice, '02: third. Dresser. Distance, 20 feet 2-10
of an inch. ___ '
WHEELER RECEIVED BY
UNIVERSITY ALUMNI
-Last evening President and Mrs. Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler "were the guests of
honor at a reception given at. the Hop
kins Institute of Art 'by all the alumni of
the University of California.
¦ The Institute was crowded with a select
assemblage that comprised the represent
ative set of Oakland and the college town
as well as ' well-known society and pro
fessional people of this city. It was an
attractive multitude, the ladies all in
elaborate costumes, either evening or re
ception gowns, and the gentlemen in cor
rect evening dress. Professor and Mrs.
Wheeler received the guests in tha main
salon. They were assisted in their pleas
ant . duties by Mrs. Phebe Hearst. Pro
fessor and Mrs. Ritter. Judge and Mrs.
Slack, Dr. and Mrs. d'Ancona. Dr. Emma
Sutro Merritt, Miss Emma Hefty,- Mr. and
Mrs. Warren Cheney, Miss Maren Froe
llch, Charles S. Green, L. Van Orden and
C. Chapel Judson.
•Besides the formal social feature of the
reception there was an excellent musical
programme, under the direction of Sir
Henry Heyman, and speeches by George
W. Pierce of Yolo, class of 75; Dr. Emma
Sutro Merritt and Professor Wheeler.
1 The reception was managed by Charles
S. Green. Emma Hefty. William E. Ritter.
L. Van Orden and C. Chapel Judson, who
.constituted the committee of the Council
of the Associated Alumni.
PRESIDENT WHEELER
BEFORE THE ALUMNI
.BERKELEY, March 23.— The alumni of
the University of California, gathered to
gether from ¦ air parts of the State for
the charter day exercises this morning,
held a conference in the philosophy bulld
ingr this afternoon. There were addresses
by President Wheeler, Benator Pierce, ' A
rthur North and others on the needs of the
university. The best method of assist
ance to the university was discussed and
a general plan ,to attain -their ends de
cfded'Upon. .
President Wheeler in his address spoke
of the special needs of the university, par
ticularly a large library, which ¦ should
be open to all • students on the Pacific
Coast. . , .
In San Francisco, where his brothers, Al
bert and William Frank, still reside. K»
went to New Yorl; about seven years aero
to represent the firm in which he was in
terested. He has been sick for several
years and his death was not unexpected
Studeijts, Alumni and Faculty
Gather to Celebrate the Thirty-
Second AnQiversary of the
Founding of T^eir College,
Closiijg Witt) a Reception to
President Wheeler.
Whitelaw Reid, Formerly United States
Minister to France, Delivers a Bril
liant and Masterful fJddress or; tbe
Momentous Political Issues Dividing
the National Parties.
¦ ¦ ¦ . *
NEW ERA CHARTER DAY OF THE
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
Bale's.
Hales.
1 .-
j the millinery
I openinsr.
I successful, of course, come
I in to-day if you can and
I spend an hour or more study-
1 ing the new creations for the
9 spring and summer.
I new arrivals express
1 new grenadine veiling— black Brussels net— w!:h
H ring dols* in black, wnitc, terse single velvet _ __
H gray, blus and laven-'j- spots— the yard, only.. £>"w" w '
H c!er— the ya-d LO\,
| silk tuxedo veiling;— double new silver effects— in tuxedo
H me ; h, witn silk dots in all and spider web mesh veilings
M the new spring shades za_ — the yarJ "ZZr
I -the yard OUC 75c. S.c and ODC,
I new spring gloves.
I Reynler— 2-clasp surds pique French kiJ gloves, ou* spring
H importation, just in, latesf shade of gray and nude — tf» | _^ i
S per pair •*>*•£*/ g.
i misses* kid gloves— 2-chsp. all the spring shides in sizes 41$ to |
H 6>s; also a D;nt lac-simil? glove ie boys and misses in eitntr i S
H or 2 chsp, i'u-s 4i,6, 6 ;; colors Havana and rei— : fl? | -.^ g
I the p^ir, only -PI.UU |
H | Hudnut's perfumery, all odors, 50c oz. I I
I 933, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945. 947 Market Street. |j
12