LONDON, March 7.— At midnight the "War Office posted the following advices from Lord Roberts:
"Poplar Grove, March 7, evening.— We had a very successful day and have completely rout
ed the enemy, who are in full retreat. The position which they occupied was extremely strong
and cunningly arranged with a second line of entrenchments which would have caused us heavy loss
had a direct attack been made. " • • VC ; . .
"The turning movement was necessarily wide, owing to the nature of the ground, and the cavalry
and horse artillery horses are much done up. : ;...,_ ." . .
"The fighting was practically confined to the cavalry division, which, as usual, did exceedingly
well and General French reports that the horse artillery batteries did great execution among the
enemy.
"Our casualties are about fifty. I regret to say that Lieutenant Keswick was killed and Lieu
tenant Bailey was severely wounded, both of the Twelfth Lancers. Lieutenant DeKrespigny of the
Second Life Guards was severely wounded. Remaining casualties will be telegraphed to-morrow. <
"Generals De Wett and Delarey. commanded the Boer forces." ' "
The following was received from Lord Roberts earlier in the day:
"OSFONTEIN; March?, 4:30 p. m.— Our operations to-day promise to be a great success. T/he
enemy occupied a position four miles north and eleven miles south of the Modder River. I placed Gen
eral Colville's division on the north bank and General Kelly-Kenny's and Tucker's 'division, with cav
alry, on the south bank. The cavalry division succeeded in turning the enemy's left 5 flank, opening a
road for the Sixth division, which is advancing without being obliged to fire a shot up: to the present
time. The enemy are in full retreat toward the north and east :, They ,. are being closely, followed by
cavalry, horse artillery and mounted infantry, while Tucker's .'division, 'Col ville's Ninth division aid
the Guards brigade, under Pole-Carew, are making- 'their way_ across the river at Poplars Drift, where
I propose to place my headquarters this evening. ' . . ; •, *
"Our casualties will, I trust, b« ? few, as the enemy, were quite unprepared for being attacked by
the flank and having their communications with Bloemfontein threatened."
Cape dutch active
on the peace question
CAPE TOWN.* March .7.— A great move
ment" Is' In ' progress among the Cape
Dutch to obtain- a settlement of the
South -African "question- consistent-* with
the maintenance of the] independence, of
the" republics." It Is doubtless argued that
the'DutchT having remained loyal, are en
titled to a hearing at the settlement. The
argument* would have : more-, force If the
Ditfch had not risen In every. . district
where there, was a reasonable 'chance of
success, and' lt Is certain that the whole
British community and the actively loyal
Dutch are opposed to any settlement short
.of annexation. ....»,.
A proposal has been made by a depu
tation" of the Dutch party to visit Eng
land shortly. In the. lnterest. of peace. .. ,
The remainder of the Canadian artillery
has gone to. the front. Squadrons A and
B of Kitchener's Horse, that, were report
ed missing.' have returned to camp. They
were cut off with Squadron E on February
13, • but they escaped, although they lost
their way afterward on the veldt.. Squad
ron E are prisoners at Pretoria.
DETERMINED TO FIGHT
TO THE LAST MAN
LONDON, March 7.— A. G. Hales. th»
Dally News correspondent, who was cap
tured by the. Boers and recently re
leased, sends the following from Sterk
stroom Camp: . .
."When a prisoner at Bloemfonteln I
had an Interview with Steyn. i President
of s the Orange Free State. -He said they
were determined to " fight to the last
man. .He prophesied that the capitula
tion of Pretoria would b« preceded by
events that would astonish Europe. The
President further claimed that the strug
gle In : the Free State would b« M child's
play compared to what would follow la
the Transvaal-" -
RUSHING REINFORCEMENTS TO GENERAL JOUBERT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
learned was beaten severely outside the
hall by the crowd, .under the Impression
that he was Cronwrigrht Schreiner. He
fainted, fell and was trampled upon. Ulti
mately he was rescued. Insensible, by the
police. The students finished the anti
peace demonstration by parading through
the principal streets.
USELESS SLAUGHTER,
DUE TO BULLER'S TACTICS
LONDON. March 7.— The aftermath of
Splon Kop , brings countless criticisms
from correspondents at the. front. Ben
nett Burlelgh In .the Telegraph writes:
"You can rely upon It that no one more
than General Buller. deplores.' the mistake
which led to the foolish evacuation of that
key of the Boer position. When the gen
eral retreat was ordered Buller waited by
the . single, part pontoon, part trestle
bridge until everybody was got safsly
across. The day previous be had critically
re-examined the positions held upon the
left, and had been repeatedly under the
flre of the snipers. Indeed, at least one
of the generals and - several of his staff
had to get him to retire behind cover, as
they thought he was unnecessarily risk-
Ing himself."
The Globe's correspondent Is particu
larly bitter about Splon Kop. "No one
knows," he writes "who gave the order to
retire: the whole business Is Inexplicable.
We met a staff officer on the way; he
' asked us what we were doing; we knew
nothing of the order, but presumed we
had better continue on our road. And so
ended a seventeen hours' fight. We gave
j the enemy a victory. The whole of War
ren's division had retired. Call It what
you like, it is a sad and deplorable busi
ness. There is no explanation; no one Was
; more surprised at our action than the
Boers themselves: Indeed, their officers
openly expressed their surprise to doctors.
If, owing to some unknown reason. It was
really necessary to take Spion Kop (al
though it was said to be decided week*
: ago that it would be an act of folly to at
tempt to do so), why give It up after,
sacrificing so many lives to take It? It la
a question which will have to be answered
very soon. A well . planned strategical
movement was to be carried out. and
every one felt satisfied that It would be
successful. In. the middle of It* the' whole
plan Is abandoned, and troops are de
tailed from all sides to perform a hercu
lean task, fraught with danger and disas
trous in results." .
• Bennett Burlelgh relates this grewsom©
incident, which Includes a serious lnslnua
tlonagalnst the Boers:- . .-. . ", )
"The colonial .imperial . light - Infantry
went* into action 'upon Splbn Kop at. 9
a. nu'and remained upon the . mountain,
till 8 p. m.' Out of S5O men they. had thir
ty-nine killed and ninety wounded. Most
of these volunteers wereOutlanders. and
at least six. of them, .'whose bodies were,
afterward recovered, had been clubbed to
death by the Boers:" '
ROBERTS REPORTS THE ROUT OF THE BOERS.
the ..burgher casualties, owing; to the, dis
organization of the ambulance service and
the circumstances of the retreat.
COST OF THE FINAL
RELIEF OF LADYSMITH
¦¦; LONDON.tMarch 7.— Another list of the
' casualties ' sustained 'by * General : Buller's
forces .from ' February 14 to February 27
shows: :./., :';¦/. ¦'..'¦ . "..-," '.
"Killed,* 123; wounded, 573; missing, 54. Of
these the losses of the Inhlskllllngs.were
as follows: Killed, 54;. wounded; "162; miss
ing,; 22. ? Dublin Fusiliers— Killed, ' * 15;
Wounded.k 1 97; ~j missing, • 18. Connaught
Rangers— Killed, > 19; wounded, 105;,' mis
sing, B."= Royal . Irish Fusillerih-Kined,!.ii;
wounded;* 1 63; , missing, . 28. r Scots Fusiliers
—Killed." 18; wounded; 68; missing/ none.';
With the list of casualties issued Mon
day this makes the total cost to the rank
and file in 'the , final relief of Ladysmith
1859 men. » •¦• - C :
.¦¦ • =••. v—u — ? •~ — ¦ ¦
BRITISH TROOPS HAVE
INVADED THE TRANSVAAL
LONDON,"' March 7.— A" special dispatch
from Durban says a flying column of Brit
ish | troops from | Zululand 'has entered the'
Transvaal, and has been dally skirmishing
with " small » parties : of • Boers. '.', The ' force
consists ?of-^i, of -^i mounted;;. Infantry; 'Natal
scouts ; and ,.' artillery,-; all ¦ commanded ' by.
Major i PTendergast.'t 4 .Thej: column Orat
crossed % the j border {* on ! ,Februaryi 28.* \\ It
now ' occupies an , Intrenched | position | on
'Cataaa' HUi; nine mllea within the Trans-'
DECISIVE BATTLE
IS NOW IMMINENT
LONDON, March B.— a' dispatch to the
Times from t Modder . River, Sated , yester
day; says: •
"The Boers occupy an extensive portion
between ourselves and both Bloemfon
tein "and Winburg. - They Include 'the bulk,
of. the Natal forces /and are. under-Gen
eral Joubert himself. 1 Only sufficient men
have been - left behind ,to hold Van Ree
nans Pass and Laingi Nek. Extensive
desertions are reported during, the trek.
"An engagement <ia ':, imminent which
probably will be decisive as to the whole
war."- - - •" .¦,':•.• - '
•••¦¦• - - - » -. -
STUDENTS BREAK UP A
"STOP- THE-WAR" MEETING
EDINBURGH. March' 7.-A "stop the
war" , meeting, , admission " to which was
regulated. by ticket, was held In this city
this evening. Long before . the hour fixed
for: the meeting university students se
cured possession of * the . hall.' • It . Is said
that : 600 gained , entrance by . counterfeit
tickets and the audience was so unruly
that the doors were barricaded Inside and
outside, f James Kelr" Hardle, chairman of
the 5 Independent \ Labor, party j and editor
of the Labor Leader, endeavored to speak,
but ; all to " no \ purpose. , Finally he y, an
nounced -that the principal ;'.. speaker.
Cronwright Schrelner. , was; outside.-, •
r».The ; meeting ,„ was thereupon abandoned
by the promoters - and a i rush ' was made
for. the . platform. • The •• police used their
batons and a free fight ensued. * Numerous
arrests .were made, i «"f\t ¦>n *rr|i i n mi* 'm j
' A man whose Identity ¦ ' baa • not ' b— n
RETREAT OF THE BOERS
WAS DUE TO A MISTAKE
. BOER CAMP, BIGGERSBERG, Satur
day, March B.— The j Federals 4 have, fallen
back ' on the Blggersberg** "chain I that
crosses, Natal south, of 'Dundee., j The re
treat from Ladysmith was due to the.mis
take of a certain commandant,' ln' ordering
his men to retire from the key .'of the posi
tion without any reason, for the move. » On
the receipt of bad news | from : the Modder
River "Wednesday it >was_ resolved \ to i send
the" wagons back to Biggersberg. and soon
long strings of ox wagons lined the roads:
Over . a thousand wagons took ' the ' west-
erly route to,-the ; laager '.southwest "of
Ladysmith? Another, convoy, was sent to
the . foot of - the . Drakensberg. ; /- A large
number of \ tents captured from { the ¦ Brit
ish fat' Dundee and < also rthe' ammunltllon
were abandoned. ;.The)chlef difficulty was
in dismounting ''Long Tom.", ; ¦
> The Boers were independent of the rail-;
way, as is shown by the fact 1 that not one
of ; their 1 2000 wagons , went by t rail, k All
traveled by road, together .with " the; field
batteries". ? Only Uhe. heavy!, gun*,; the 'In
fantry , and ,. wounded went by rail. ;,When
the last V: train '."; had h left < Elandslaagte ¦a"
.workmen' s train followed,' 1 carefully blow-
Ing 'up every_ bridge, and; culvert between
Ladysmith * and > Glencoe,: and when " thli
had been I done setting flre to the Elands
laagte i collieries.' ; Thus Uhe ,• British;" with
Natal's southmost collieries in their hands,
are unable ; to draw supplies ; therefrom. iQ
,' Under cover i of .. the [ night i and : with •. the
collieries > sending lurid ' names ¦to ' heaven,'
the bullock 'wagons wound over • the hills,
making roads where | before', none j existed,
and the four months'; siege of Ladysmith
was raised. It la Impossible m yet to give
*''/•?* '- •''¦" ¦'•-.' j'< '•''.' .'.¦¦¦--: - *-' ' ¦ "''>.'¦'¦ .
FRANCE PREPARED TO
FIGHT GREAT BRITAIN
PARIS. March 7. — An' extreme tension exists In the Anglo-French relations, and French official circles are considering'
the probability of war. An Important. official, who possesses, the. confidence of the Ministry, told a correspondent to
day that It would be useless to longer deny; the fact that Great Britain alms at attacking France.' He added It-had
been: evident some time that the English press was obeying instructions in making the most of .every trifling, offense '
• given by the French press," while Ignoring , the graver Insults from the press' of other countries. . Moreover.- all of
.¦-' Britain's late preparations are known to be solely directed against France. Every step England has taken has been ;
met", with a corresponding precautionary-; step by France.- It was not weakness that made the French yield In 'the Fashoda
dispute, but moderation, though apparently -all -the moderation was^wasted In England's present temper. France has been
preparing for years, and is now. ready. to resist British aggression; • '• f
The correspondent remarked these were somewhat startling statements and added he did not wish •to cable anything •
likely, to produce ibadblobd.^/ .^ 1,."- *."-¦"¦ V •-,'«. '•'.;; . .' \ . . •". "-
The diplomatist in reply said: "I have put the case none too strong. Remember we do not wish for war. but England's
disposition is too evident, to be misunderstood. Consequently we .' have made all necessary precautions to avoid ;.being
taken at a disadvantage. Stores arid ammunition have been accumulated In the colonies In sufficient quantities- to enable
them, though isolated, to maintain a long, campaign. There are- 30.000 white troops in Tonquln and 50,000 in Algeria" under',
General Gallien. .who will deal, with any, expedition England may. send against them. In Madagascar there are nearly 10 000 -
and more will be sent shortly. These .will occupy strategic positions from which the whole British army will be unable
to move them. Everything is ready and we can- now. fold our' arms awaiting: England's first move.'.' • •-„-•,"
.The correspondent . again said he hated to send news of this character, lest it prove mischievous, - whereupon the offi
cial answered:. "We don't mind. the publication of . the fact. • Realizing England's public opinion, we have taken every pre-*
caution and are now. quite -.prepared to meet, her hostility. France Is ready for any eventuality,, and ..courts rather than;
avoids al,a 1 , contest for supremacy.- Publication will do more good than harm. English 'opinion has misunderstood French r "
moderation, "and .'you had better acquaintit with the true fitate of the case. The French fleet possesses' safe ; refuges, from
.which, the opportunities offering, it wlll| be able to cover, movements- against England's weak points," 'which are! perfectly
known, shouldvwar; be declared. ;*, Stranger things have happened than seeing the tri-color in Lbndori and Cairo. Remember.-'
however, we do not. wish- for, war unless It Is forced on us, but once forced we will give a good account : of ¦ ourselves.'.'.'.
From all' points in .'the Transvaal .and Orange Free State every man and boy able to handle a rifle,
whose presence is not absolutely necessary elsewhere, is hastening to the nearest station to take the train
for Winburg, where the Commander in Chief of the Republican armies' is preparing to resist Lord Rob
erts' further advance,' and where a great, but not necessarily decisive, battle may be looked for at an
early day.' Not a few women are to be found in the Boer ranks.
LONDON, March B.— Lord Roberts has. again outflanked the Boers and Free Staters, and they
are retreating rapidly to the north and east, closely pursued by a strong force of British cav
alry and horse artillery, while no less than. 3o,ooo infantry are following in their track., For
some time Lord Roberts has had a growing commando of Boers intrenched , in his front on both
flanks of the Modder River, about -ten miles east of . Paardeberg. The strength of this commando
has been put at 4000, but as the trenches covered a space of fifteen milesr the number must
have been underestimated. The Boers were faced by the Ninth, Seventh and Sixth divisions,
while General French with his cavalry was at the last moment brought from the extreme; left of.
the British line to the extreme right, facing the Boer left.
The British operations opened with the cavalry working around the Boer left, covering the
march of the Sixth Division. The Boers at once fell back to; the north and east. The cavalry
and horse artillery followed closely, and the Seventh and Ninth divisions and guards brigade also
marched in pursuit. The Boers lost one gun, an immense quantity of forage and a number of
tents. The retreat has degenerated in a rout.
Roberts' headquarters last night were at Poplars Drift, which is probably eight or ten miles
east of Koodoosrand Drift. W
It is known that President Steyn within the last two or three days has been with this Boer
force. He is probably still with it, so that if it can be surrounded he may be captured. The Boer
tactics appear to have been elementary in the extreme, for they had no real defense on either
of their flanks, although their intrenchments were intricate, while" the nature of the country al
lowed the easy progress of the cavalry in whichever direction was deemed advisable. The ease
with which Roberts attained his object strongly indicates that the Boers never intended to make
a serious stand at this position, and that it was merely a screen to hide their real point of con
centration, or was a device to get the British to display their full strength. If either of these
suppositions be correct, the Boer designs were successful.
• From other quarters of the war the reports are favorable to the British, except in the
northwestern province of Cape Colony, where the Dutch uprising is setting the Carnarvon district
on fire. In Natal Buller is pushing up reconnoitering bodies of troops northward and westward,
backed up by reinforcements. Scouts report that there are no Boers on the Natal side of Van
Reenans Pass. A still more heavy casualty list has been received from Buller of losses during the
last two weeks of February, affording evidence of the determined resistance of the Boers in the
final operations for the relief of Ladysmith. The list issued yesterday comprises 123 killed, 575
wounded and 54 missing. Adding these to the returns issued on Monday, it makes a total of
1859 for the fortnight named. Altogether, it may be> estimated that no less than 6000 British
troops were placed hors de combat by the operations of the relief column during the last ten
weeks.
General Clements has advanced as far as Oorlogspoort River. His next move will be to
the Orange River bridge. Gatacre's mounted infantry has gone to press the retreating Boers, who
have two guns in position on Bastards Nek.
OSpONTEIN, Marcb 7.— Lord Roberts' force attacKed early this mon)
ing. Geoeral preQcr; turned the southern part of the position of
t\)Z Boers, wr;o fled, leaviQg a gun and large quantities of forage
and their tents. He is now in pursuit. The Boers on tl}e north banK
are also evacuating tbe position.
During the Fighting on the Banks of the Mod
der River the Attacking Imperial Troops
Lose Fifty Men, Including Several Officers,
French's Cavalry Captures a Gun and Large
Quantities of Forage— Retreat Turned Into
a Rout by the Pursuing Brigades.
AFTER A SHARP BATTLE LORD ROBERTS
TURNS SOUTHERN END OF BOER POSITION
Had the British Attempted to Follow
Up Their First Advantage They
Would Have Met Disaster at a
Second Line of Entrenchments,
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 98.
PRICE .FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, f MARCH 8, f 1900.
vaal.
The San Francisco CallDeath of Dr. Whipple.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, ' March 7.— Dr.- Jam^s M.
Whlpple; a pioneer resident of Santa Clara
County, died at his residence at Saratoga
last evenlngafter a lingering illness... He
was a native of New; York and 'Bl yen rs
of age. He came to California in t I«£2.
For many years,- he conducted: a drug
store and practiced .medicine ins this nlty.
A number of grown, children survive hita.
Drank Laudanum.
> LOS ANGELES. March 7.— Afbert Mlot,
formerly in the employ -of ' the Southern
Pacific' Company as j a, s brakeman,:dled.in
the-Receiving Hospital this morning from
the effects, of an of laudanum,
taken ! several • hours ' previously, * with sui
cidal, Intent. Mlot hadt been discharged
from? the employ of the: railroad company
•On account •of ¦ drinking , and • had ¦ ' made
three previous attempts at suicide, once
by. hanging. ' _ ,
Death of Mrs. Mason.
Special "Dispatch to The Call.
B SAN JOSE/: March 7.^Mrs.' Charlotte V A.
Mason,* a, well-known resident of this city .
died this morning.' She was the mother of
H. A.;' Mason,, editor, of the ; Santa Clara
News; • Deceased ' was >a • native ¦ of; New
Hampshire, 81 years. of age; and had ,re
sidea in San Jose for. twenty-five. years.
JOLIiIFPE— At her residence, 2015 Pacific ave-
f nua, Mra. William- If owan) Jolliffe. . • -- ;
1 tZT Funeral private. ' ¦..
BEAT HIS WIFE
AND LEFT HER
TO DIE ALONE
Brutal Deed Committed by
George Wilcox at Lyt
ton Springs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEALDBBURG, March 7.— George F;
Wllcox beat his wife Ida on the head
with a club to-day near Lytton Springs,
four miles north of this place, and it is
thought that she will die. »} ¦''
Wllcox and his wife have been separ
ated for some time, she residing with her
brother. Will Price, at Lyttons Springs,
while -Wllcox- lived In • Kelseyville, Lake
County. To-day he came to Price's place
and begged an interview "with his wire,
Mrs. WHcox's brother wasadverse to al
lowing his sister to 'meet ¦• her' husband
alone, but .Wilcox gained his pomt 1 , and
together the couple went "to a vacant
house on the Price farm.;" This was at 10
o'clock in the morning. ' :
, During the afternoon, as neither of the
pair reappeared, the" wife's ' brother be
came uneasy.. At' s o'clock, he went to
the- house and found his' sister flying Ton
the floor,, with a sheet^ thrown over r . her
body and her head .and face mangled.
Tho'blood from the wound had dried,. In
dicating that murderous deed ' had
been committed Borne' time before Wilcox
had disappeared. A large stick lay be
side the ,' woman's body, "showing the
weapon * used. Wilcox left a note saying
he could not live- without his wife, -hence
the deed. . Three surgeons from-Healds
burg are working with .the woman.'
They say she has a ellm. chance for life.
Sheriff Grace hopes to capture ¦!¦ Wilcox,
who left the scene of his crime on foot
during a pouring rainstorm. .
¦ Wilcox ls - described as being . 41 , years
of age, 5 feet 6. inches in' height, ¦¦>. and
¦weighing 140 pounds. . He " "wore > brown
trousers and a gray checked' coat and
waistcoat. , . His hair ¦„ and . beard V. are
brown, tinged .with t gray. Kfi^MPti!
HILO REPORTS
NO NEW CASES
OF PLAGUE
Epidemic Appears to Have
Been - Check ed in Ha
waiian Islands.
HONOLUX.U, Feb. 34.— Kahiilui has had
one more case of plague. The victim was
a Chinaman in the detention camp. He
died on: Tuesday of . this, week and the
body has already been cremated. As the
man had been In- the detention camp since
the first outbreak the case Is not regarded
as a setback, the disease having been con
tracted probably before the quarantine
was . established. Rahul ui is still In strict
quarantine, and vessels calling there have
no connection with the shore. The steamer
Centennial ls In the harbor yet. .
Up to the 17th Hllo had had no more
trouble. The steamer Claudine. which ar
rived after visiting- Hawaii. Maul and
Molokal, was at Mahukona last .Friday
and Saturday, leaving on Saturday morn-
Ing. At that tlm© It waa reported that "
there, had been no mora cases of plague ac
Hllo. Ine town was still In quarantine.'
It is thought by many that HMo^s troubles
are about over, as far as plague within
her own limits la concerned. . .
The Claudine called at Kamtakakal
on the way down and loaded 230 tons of
sugar into the bark lolanl there. The
fever epidemic on Molokal continues, but
It Is said to be lees general than It was.
Dr. McOettigan wrote to President Wood
of the Board of Health ot a case of varl
olold at Hana. The ca*e appeared on the
12th and was straightway quarantined, so
that no danger is apprehended. .
CALCUTTA. March .7.— The bubonlo
plague Increases, ther* having be«n 411
deaths from the disease here last week.
This is causing a great exodus of mer
chants. The Viceroy, Lord Ciirzon of
Kedleston. addressing norae of the plague
stricken patients, said he considered It h!s
duty to -visit all the quarters of the vast
dependency committed- to his charge.
BUENO3 AYRE9. March 7.— A number
of cases of what Is supposed to be the bu
bonic plague have been officially reported.
Urgent measures are being adopted to
prevent the unread of th*» dfseasa.
dence of the keenness of her mind In se
lecting the proper act at the propfer time."
DUBLIN. March ".—Earl Cadogan an
nounced the Queen's intended visit this
evening at the drawing room. The news
had previously been telegraphed \>y the
various news agencies and was already
known throughout the city, causing much
good feeling. Queen Victoria's visit will
be of a private character, such as she is
in the habit of making periodically to the
south of France. It probably will extend
for more than a fortnight. Her last visit
was in IS6I.
MRS. H. H. OVERMANITS TWO LITTLE GIRLS
Enclosed find a picture of my two little girls, who couldn't be without their
Pe-ru-na. They have both had the measles since I last wrote to you. but even
through the sickness I gave them the Pe-ru-na.
"We have used Pe-ru-na constantly for the past two years with our .
children and have received the most satisfactory results. We would not >
be without it. The youngest one, Elsie, is the one that had bronchia/
trouble, and had it not been for your medicine she would have choked to
death. It has done wonders for her. Yours gratefully,
'(\f* Mrs. H. H. Overmann,
2865 Winslow Aye., Cincinnati, 0."
Mrs. L. G. Vandegriff. Carrolltoh. Ga.,
writes: "I Indorse your Pe-ru-na, I had
a little girl, afflicted with catarrh and
have had two physicians to treat her and
found, no relief. After -using two bottles
of your Pe-ru-na 6he ls sound and well. I
am now giving it to my other children."
Mr. Joseph Klrchenatelner, 87 . Croton
street, Cleveland, 0., says: "We have
used Pe-ru-na for eight years as our fam-
ily medicine. During the whole of that
time we have not had to employ a physi-
cian. Our family consists of seven, and we
always use it for the thousand and one ail-
ments to which mankind ls liable. We
have used it In cases of scarlet fever,
measles and diphtheria. Whenever one
of the family feel in the least 111, mother
always says: .'Take Pe-ru-na and you
will be well,' or, if we do not happen to
have any. 'We will have to get more Pe-
ru-na.' Pe-ru-na is always satisfactory
In colds and coughs."
Children are especially liable to acute
catarrh. Indeed, most of the affections of
childhood are catarrh. All forms of sore
throat, quinsy, croup, hoarseness, and
laryngitis are but different phases of ca-
tarrh. These affections.- In the acute
form, may, pass away without treatment.
but they leave a foundation -for chronic
catarrh In later years. Even ¦ a slight
cold ls acute catarrh, and renders." the
mucous membranes of the head and
throat more liable to chronic catarrh aft-
erward. The child ls constantly assailed,
winter and summer, with catarrh. Affec-
tions of the stomach and bowels, colic .
and diarrhea, axe due to catarrhal de-
rangements of these organs.
A great many families are learning by
bitter experience that these affections
must be. promptly treated or the child's
health Is permanently injured.
Pe-ru-na ls the remedy. No family
should be without it. As soon as the
symptoms of cold, cough; or any other
affection of the throat or stomach Is no-
ticed. Pe-ru-na should bo given according
to directions. A vast multitude of fam-
ilies are "relyinsr entirely upon P»-ru-na
for safety in this direction.
That Pe-ru-na can be relied npoft Is
evinced by the great number of testimo-
nials which Dr. Hartman is receiving
dally. Only a very few of these can be
published. Only one In a thousand.
Every household should be provided
with Dr. Hartman's free book on ca-
tarrh. Sent free by The Pe-ru-n«. Medi-
cine Co.. Columbus, Ohio.
URIC ACID
Causes More Diseases in the Human
System Than Any Other Poison.
The Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root, Promptly
Cures All Uric Acid Troubles.
?o Test for Yourself Its Wonderful Curative Properties, Every- Reader
of "The Call" May Have a Sample Bottle Sent .
Absolutely Free by Mail.
Science has demonstrated that in a
few days' time you brew enough Uric
Acid in your body to produce death.
Your kidneys are your only salva-
tion.
Because when they are well, they fil-
ter out this deadly poison.
So, when your kidneys are weak or
¦out of order you can understand how
tjuickJy your entire body is affected,
and how every organ seems to fall to
do its duty.
Uric Acid causes more sickness and
suffering than any other form of
poisoning. It irritates the ' nerves,
makes you dizry, restlessj sleepless and
Irritable. Causes rheumatism and neu-
ralgia, pain or dull ache In the back.
Joints and muscles; makes your head
ache and back ache, causes indigestion,
stomach and liver trouble; you get a
sallow, yellow complexion; makes you
feel as though you had heart trouble;
j-ou lack ambition, get weak and waste
away. • "V,
The cure for these troubles Is Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the world-
famous kidney remedy.
It Instantly relieves the congested,
overworked kidneys and gradually
brings them back to health. In taking
Swamp-Root you afford natural help to
nature, for Swamp-Root Is the most
perfect healer and gentle aid to the kld-
npys that Is known to medical science.
Healthy kidneys keep down the ex-
oeps of uric acid and you soon feel the
benefit In new health and strength.
Swamp-Root should at once be taken
upon the least sljrn of 111-health. It
will make you well and Is for sale the
world over in bottles of two sizes and
two prices, 50-cents and SI.
Swamp- Root ls used in the leading
hospitals; recommended by skillful
physicians in their private practice and
is taken by doctors themselves who
have kidney ailments, because they rec-
opnize in It the greatest and most suc-
cessful remedy that science has ever
been able to compound.
To prove Its wonderful efficacy send
your name and address to Dr. KUmer ft
Co.. Binghamton, K. T.. when you will
receive, free of all charge, a sains!*
bottle nf«Swamp-Root and a valuable
book my mall, prepaid. This book con-
tains many of the thousands upon
thousands of testimonial letters from
men and women cured. Swamp-Root
ls so remarkably successful that our
readers are advised to write for a free
sample bottle and to be sure and men-
SUCCESSOR OF
J.A. WILES *AN
EARNEST WORKER
Coulthur&t Always Prom i
nent^in ; Christian En- ¦
.'deavoriWork, ; _
Has Repeatedly Been Honored ; with
Office^ *Bd Appointments in
"the" Southern Dis- ¦*' ' -TKT K
-*:-K- . *¦¦•¦.' trict. .« -• ¦;:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAN DIEGO, March 7.— Joseph B. Coolt
hurst.- who by ithe- resignation of , J. A.
Wiles of San. Francisco becomes 'the chief
State officer of the California State Chrls T
tlan Endeavor Union, Is a member of the
Presbyterian , church of this city and has
held all of the offices of the Christian En
deavor unions of • this city, ¦ county and
district during the ten years of his resi
dence here.~He is an Englishman by birth,
but has been a resident and citizen of this
country . for many years and is exceed
ingly, proud of the fact. He came to San
Diego about ten years ago; and for a
time was engaged in a carriage factory
here. While so employed he tooK the civil
service examination and stood ibo well
that he was appointed as a mail-carrier
soon after the examination and has worn
a gray uniform ever since.
He has ever been an active member of
the Christian Endeavor Society of his
church, and is from time to time named
as Its presiding officer. Just at present,
because of Increased duties .In larger
unions, he has permitted that work In the
church-to be taken care of by others. He
was the president of^the city union .in
1895, and for two years was president of
the County Union. During the past three
years he has been the president of the
Southern California District Union. In
cluding all of the counties south of the
Tehachapl Pass. He was elected to the
district presidency first at Santa Barbara
In December, 1597. and was again elected
in this city last December.
When last May at Oakland It was de
cided to give to Southern California one
of the three vice presidents of the. State
union he was the logical candidate, and
was chosen without, .opposition. .While
all regret that President wiles should. feel
compelled tq resign, there are thousands
of Christian Endeavorers In this southern
portion of the State who rejoice that the
mantle of authority-has fallen' upon shoul
ders which are able to carry the burden
and do the work. ; ••• •• •
Mr. Coulthurst ls married and takes
great pleasure In his home on Grant ave
nue, where his wife and three children
await his return home after his day of
work.
President Coulthurst will attend the
coming State gathering at Stockton, and
the attendance from the southern part of
the State will be larger because of his
succession to the presidency.
WITNESS IN
LEEPER CASE
MURDERED
The Mangled Body pL R.
R. Watts Is Found in
Sacramento.
SUSPECT IS UNDER ARREST
•
Dead Man Would Hare Been a Strong
Witness for Leeper in His
Cas: Against Mrs.
Brouhard.
Ppeclal Dispatch to The Call.
BACRAMENTO, March 7.— There Is,: a
cape awaiting disposition in San Francisco
In which a man 'named J. M. Leeper
charges Mrs. ¦ M. E.- Brouhard, "who con
ducts an employment agency near Seventh
and I streets,- this city, with frauS. The
hearing has been postponed to Saturilay
next. •;"¦ '*$?*$ . ¦¦ . .
An important witness in Ihe prosecution
of the case, it has been said, would be
R. R. Watts, who roomed In the build
ing where the employment office is lo
cated. Watts will not appear at the ex
amination In San Francisco next Satur
day, for he lies at the Morgue In this
city to-night with his skull horribly
crushed and his body disfigured. Late this
afternoon two young men, W. J. Morgan
and D. B. Belt, were in the vicinity of
the overflow north of the Southern Paci
fic shops, when their attention was at
tracted to the dead body of a man, partly
submerged and partly resting on an Im
provised levee, built by the railroad com
pany. The back of the skull was crushed
In and the presence alongside 'of two
heavy pieces of slag, stained with blood
and matted with hair, told the story of
a brutal murder. . •
There must have been a frightful strug
gle on the water's edge, for the dead
man's hands were clenched on ' tufts . of
the grass which covers the levee. Sheriff
Johnson and Coroner McMullen took
charge of the body and began an imme
diate Investigation into the case. The ap
pearance of the remains indicated that
the murder occurred a. week ago. Letters
were found on the person of the- dead man
establishing his identity as R. R. Watts
and revealing the fact that he had -a -
mother and a son, Gaylord Watts, resid
ing at Corvallis, Or. : n.
A letter was also found In his clothes
from George W. Odell. the partner of Mrs.
Brouhard in the employment business. In
which he explained how he came to open
a letter addressed to Watts, saying that
he. had done so in the presence of a per
son with the initials M. E. B. These, by
tbe way, are the Initials of Mrs. M. E.
Brouhard. Another letter was. found on
the person of the murdered man from E.
L. Ballard, Sliver City, Idaho, inclosing a
clipping from a newspaper which was a
notice of the forfeiture of Watts' interest
In the Brick Pomeroy mine in Carson dis
trict, Owyhee County. Idaho. The forfeit
ure of the Interest ls to Dr. J. N. Weston.
Mrs. Brouhard and Odell came up from
San Francisco to-night and were subjected
to a searching Inquiry' at the hands of
Sheriff Johnson.
The case in San Francisco In which
Watts ls declared -to have an Interest as
a witness ls one In which J. M. Leeper
of that city charges Mrs. Brouhard with
obtaining money under false pretenses.
Leeper, It appears, owned a lodging house
In San Francisco which he desired to dis
pose of. and, therefore, placed an adver
tisement in one of the San Francisco
papers, which was answered by Mrs.
Brouhard in person, -Instead : ox .' paying
him cash for his property she proposed
that he accept shares In a fabulously rich
mino. which she valued at $150 each. Ac
cording to th*» story told by I^eeper he
turned over the, lodging house to the
woman, but when he asked for his shares
she , Informed him that they had gone up
from $150 to $500 each.
He threatened prosecution, but the
woman, so he claims, inveigled him to
accepting compensation for the' loss of
Ijls lodging-house In the shape of a $100
f»er month position, which did not last
ong. The woman was arrested here on
a warrant sworn out In San Francisco,
At 11:30 o'clock to-night Sheriff John
son placed under arrest Charles. Bowen
on suspicion of complicity In the murder
of Watts. So far as the Sheriff can learn
Watts was last seen alive In the com
pany of Bowen. Bowen was a frequenter
of. the employment office conducted by
Mrs. Brouhard. His , story Is not satis
factory to the Sheriff and he will be kept
In custody.
TO FORCE
ACTION ON
THE TREATY
Plan of Senate Advocates
?. of Reciprocity With
France.
MAY CALL IJPARTY'CADCDS
Determined Attempt Will B* Made to
Whip Republicans Into Line in
I Support of the Con
• vention.
• Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, March ",.—
Friends . of the , French reciprocity treaty
In the Senate Intend to make an effort to
secure ratification of the treaty during
the coming week. If necessary. It will bo
made the subject of caucus action. Aa
the matter now stands, the treaty Is prac
tically deadlocked by a motion to re^er
it to the Finance Committee. It has al
ready been favorably ; reported from the
Committee on Foreign Relations. -and was
briefly considered In executive session.
The opponents of the treaty include the
entire New England delegation, which ln
cludes.the best parliamentary tacticians
in the Senate. If a vote could be reached,
it io claimed, the treaty could easily mus
ter the necessary two-thirds to Insure its
ratification, but the opposition has thus
far been unable to prevent decisive ac
tion, f '
So bitter Is the contest over this treaty
that the steering committee has been un
able, thus far, to bring about an amicable
adjustment of the difficulty. At a brief
meeting of that I committee to-day the
subject was under consideration- and it
is understood that it will «be referred to
a Republican caucus which Is to be Tield
in a few days "for the purpose of trying
to untangle some of the snarls into which
the Republican party in the Senate has
been drawn by recent events.
Quay Fight Drawn In.
Friends of Mr. Quay are largely re
sponsible for the breach in 'the steering
committee's programme and some plain
talking probably will : be indulged in at
the forthcoming caucus.
In the meantime friends of the French
treaty . are anxious to avoid making a
party question of - It, as they are relying
upon a large Democratic vote to assist In
Its ratification. Opponents of the treaty
are urging political objections to It and
openly declare that its ratification will
be | disaster, hot only to McKinley's . ad
ministration, but to the business interests
of the country. , \
They claim that the treaty ls poorly
drawn and . the benefits to . be derlvci
from It will be enjoyed by a few giant
Interests at the expense of a great num
ber of smaller but equally deserving en
terprises. • ¦ " ¦-
Senator Aldrlch. who ls leading the op
¦posltlon to the treaty, asserts that he
does not wish to defeat a reasonable and
properly framed reciprocity treaty .be
tween the United States and France, and
only wishes a fair opportunity for the
Finance Committee of the Senate to
thoroughly): analyze the pending treaty
and point out Its defects, with a view to
securing what he believes to be neces
sary modifications. • . ..
"BULL PEN" LIKENED TO
ANDERSONVILLE PRISON
James B. Sovereign Denounces " the
"Reign of Bread and. Water"
, at Wardner. ._ / ¦
WASHINGTON. March 7.— When James
R. Sovereign," former grand master work
man of the Knights of Labor, resumed
his testimony to-day at the Coeur d'Alene
Investigation before the House Committee
on Military Affairs, Representative Lentz
asked him if there was any law, written
or unwritten, requiring the members, of
labor organizations to conceal the names
of criminals. Sovereign answered in the
negative. . •
Speaking of the general conditions in
the mining country while the men were
imprisoned. Sovereign said he had seen
mothers weeping for their sons.. wives for
their husbands and sisters for their broth
era He denounced the military officers
for the "reign of bread and water," de
scribing it as a repetition of the horrors of
Andejsonvllle.-.
• The members of the committee cross-ex
amined Sovereign at considerable length.
Representative Hull again took him over
the assemblage of miners on the morning
the mill was blown up, and the witness
said it was evident there was precpneerted
action.- • .
¦ At Hull's request Sovereign read an ar
ticle In the paper edited by him as to.
"Bunker Hill Destroyed; One Thousand
Determined Men Wreak Vengeance on the
Scab Mine." The article said that half
of the 1000 men were masked and armed
with Winchester rifles, and described the
awe-Inspiring - scenes I as 3000 -pounds of
dynamite were placed under the mine con
centrator, one of the largest In the world,
completely wrecking It after three terrific
explosions. _ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ... . ¦ .
BUILDING CONTRACTORS
REFUSE TO ARBITRATE
Chicago Employers Not' Disposed to
Meet the Labor Unions Half
• : Vj.;jv . : Way. ¦ :... : ;'5 i :'v :
CHICAGO,- March 7.— Apparently all
hope of a settlement in the near future of
the difference? - existing between ' the
unions affiliated with the Building Trades
Council and the contractors were dissi
pated to-day; when the Building ..Contrac- |
tors' Council made a declaration that.no
opportunity to arbitrate would be afforded
by that body, no \. matter what pressure
might be brought to bear, by the Indus
trial Commission, soon to meet here.
"We have locked no one out and are
willing to engploy men regardless of their
afflllations/'^ontlnues the official state
ment, "but we refuse to be dictated to by
the Building Trades Council." ' " • .- *
It is now believed by many leaders on
both sides that the combination of strike
and lockout in Chicago will, develop Into'
a simple test of endurance. ¦ v;*' ' v-r. r: ~
Death of Mrs. Duryea.
S ANt A BARBARA:"- 1 March 7^-Mrs.'
Mary B. Duryea of Portsmouth, N. H.,'
widow of the late General Henmanns
Barkulee Duryea. died at her winter resi
dence in this city at 6 o'clock- this morn
ing, after, an illness of , two weeks. v Her
pon. - Pierre, died h'ere~ three years ago.
Her only surrJvlng: Son, Herman, arrived
a fe.w days ago from the East. At her"
own request the remains will be placed in
the Duryea mausoleum in the Santa' Bar
bara Cemetery. ' 1,
TWO LITTLE BEAUTIES SAVED
FROM DEATH BY PE-RU-NA,
Stops the Cough and Works Off the Cold.
Laxatl v« Bromo-Quinlne : Tablet* cure a cold
in one day. " No cure, no pay.' -Prlca I*o. '
Mining Property Sold.
. VICTORIA, iB. ; C.;' March.. 7.— Colonel
Hayes, principal: owner., in ith'e , Nanaha
mlnt Mining:, Company, to-day. closed. the
sale of hU property on the Alberni canal
; for ; WOO.OOO , to D. . O. > MUU and . Chester
Lee. *The. former is of New York,' a
prominent director of the" Tread well
mines, while Lee ' ls - from' Spokane and
'acts as the new company's expert.' ¦ ' ¦
SECOND FLOOR.
Sar<my .Yarn, any color. on hand ....Be
Stocking Yarn, for' men and boys .Vitto
Sun Bonnets, golf style, chi1d'5......... JSOc
Zephyr, all colors. 6c kind ;.....;.3o
."¦0 cant Umbrellas, good ones... S£sc
Infants' two-bit Fine Wool H05e.... ...... la Ho
Infants' Black Cotton Hose .He
IJO Carriage Parasols, beauties J&a
Hair Curlers', the good kind.... ....3c
Girls' Shoes, heavy or 1ight...... ......080
Ladles' $2 CO Button 8h0e5..... ........... V1 '75
SUes 2, IH, 3 Lad. Oxfords, last year 35c, 4Bc
The Diningr-room on sixth floor
open every day.
CASH STORE
, . JS;2T Market [ St., neir theT«rr|.
U'AII PIPFD A " our fln ' > Wall P»P» r
"ALL I AIL 6 ui,^ lrnthT-ttt-o, denims and
the hlrh grades piwiourly sold at SOc and ~£c
pw double roll are now offered at Isc per double
roll— -everythlnr In the houpe. Where combina-
tions are broken 2 per cent lese.
riMP THA IDC And Etonls. Camp BUnkets.
LA-UI VllAlnJ Camp Beds and Oamplnic
frutflts (f nerally S5 i>er cent discount from low
caeh prtoen.
I IVfll FIIM Ollclnth. Matttnirs and Carpets
L/invLLVal previously marked at the lowest
c»Rh prices now «old at 29 per cent discount.
Remnanta evea let>s. , ¦ .
H4K*n RlfiC f-'atcbeis, .Valises and Trunks,
UAi>ll DAU3 cverjttilr.fr of this kind In etore
to carry thins*, sold at 20 per cent to &0 per
<*nt discount from regular prices. Why not?
We want money, and want it coon.
TfIVC Evcrythlnr In the line of Toys, Books,
IviJ Stationery and Notions, previously
marked much below cthrr. stores, now sold at
from 10 per cent to SO per cent discount. The
trade 4s buying liberally. Why not share the
advantages yourself? ' " . ' ¦«"
RnVC U'IICTC I»> fin * Thite and black
DUIJ n AIJI J bleuse and other handsome
walFts. should be 60c to tU We clean out every-
thing In large or small sire* — line not com-
plete—At 2&C each. Good variety of S. 4 and S
year*. . .
k'LTL'IL'PiD w « "Ml have several hundred
!ILUB.TTCAnof those* beautiful Neckbows.
TCindsor Tl»s, Scarfs and other select specials
(or neckwear, principally for gents. All 60 cent
•«oo«.»o*»'ar»e.-. "- _.:, : . : '. .
THURSDAY, MARCH 8,
Will be a red-letter day for all classes .of buyers who have cash to use.
We intend to sell more goods in the next three days* than have been
turned out of one store in this city before. ? Tis only prices that will
do it. "*:• V . ' i&g
Two carloads of canned fruit at retail at less than packers' cost of
to-day. Jobbers are buying these goods and saving 5 to 15. per, cent. •
. One carload of buckwheat flour. A real Pennsylvania home taste
article. $2 10 for a bale of 100 pounds in 10-pound bags for retail.
A wagon-load of family soap. Yellow, unwrapped, large cakes,
first quality. 2 1-2 cents as wanted.
MISS GOULD THE DONOR.
Her Money to Provide the "Sail of
Fame" in New York.
rfEW YORK.' March 7.— The- ¦ Evening
World to-day asserts that It has Informa
tion" that Miss Helen Gould is the donor
of. the $100,000 for the erection of a "Hall
of j Fame" in connection "with the Untv^r
slty of New York. An attempt to obtain
a confirmation of the report elicited from
Miss Gould and Chancellor Mcßacken'oT
the -university only non-committal re
sponses. The condition** of - the gift ara
that, the donor's identity shall not be dis
closed." . • . , ..-.'. J , .", ,
ASKS FOOD
FOR HUNGRY IN
PUERTO RICO
Another Strong Appeal Re
% ceived From General
W^'- Davis. ¦:. ¦ •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, March 7.—
Puerto Rico's pitiable plight has again
been brought to the attention of the War
Department by Hrlgadier General Davis,
Governor General of the Island. In an of
ficial report received by Acting Secretary
Melklejdhn, General Davis states thattho
natives are bordering on starvation; and
he fears an outbreak of lawlessness and
illness. Workmen and their families who
are without employment are. coming Into
town and begging for food. It had been
the"; intention' of General t Davis to discon
tinue' the' distribution of "free" ."rations on
March 1, but finding that the people were
unable to obtain the necessaries of life, ha
recently asked the department for 500 tons
of rice, codfish and, bacon, which will bo
sentjon March 16.' A letter received to
day urges- that another shipment of 800
tonß be made as promptly as possible.
•General Davis suggested ; that he be
given authority ."¦¦ to •• improve . the public
roads. He thinks he, can employ 25.000
men. for three months. I Including wages;
tools and supplies, the -cost of their em
ployment will be about $225,000 a month.
There will be required for this work 15,000
shovels;. 3ooo picks., 6ooo. pick handles, 1000
metal wheelbarrows and 500 hammers: for
breaking road, material. . • • -, ¦ v •
Should the department grant the au
thority ¦ requested. General Davis - says it
will enable the Island to tide over the pe
riod preceding the new industrial and eco
nomic conditions provided for in the pend
ing legislation. . •_* -' - ? ¦
Acting Secretary Melklejohn ls unable
to authorize General Davis to place the
men at work or* the roads, as the depart
ment has no funds for tnis purpose. Pre«.
ident McKinley : recently considered the
advisability of recommending to Congress
an appropriation of J3.000.000 to be. used In
alleviating the Puerto Rican: distress,* but
decided to ask that the customs duties
collected; on products coming- from that
island be made available for expenditure
in Puerto Rico. , - .
Yosemite Goes Aground.
VICTORIA. B. C; March 7.— The Can
adian Pacific's steamer Yosemlte went on
Sidney Spit this morning while on her
way from Victoria to Vancouver. Sho"
was pulled oft by the Islander at 10
o'clock, but Is believed to be badly dam
aged | and was beached. The steamer
Willapa is now standing by.
LODGE TALKS ON THE
PHILIPPINE QUESTION
Massachusetts Senator Supports the
• • Policy of President *
McKinley.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— The Senate
seldom accords to any of its members a
greater compliment than it gave to-day to
Lodge of Massachusetts. The announce
ment that he would deliver a speech. on
the Philippine Question, supporting the
administration, drew to the Senate every
Senator now in the city and to the gal
leries an exceptionally large number of
auditors. Throughout the delivery of the
speech, despite .the fact'that It consumed
three hours, the Massachusetts Senator
was given close attention. Lodge's speech
was based on the bill Introduced by
Spooner of Wisconsin vesting In the Presi
dent authority to govern the Philippines
until Congress should otherwise provide
by legislation. He argued In favor of the
bill- • , -
Soon after Lodge had concluded the Sen
ate adjourned out of respect to the mem
ory of the late Representative Harmer of
Pennsylvania. %*¦;*£
House was in session but twenty
five minutes to-day, adjourning out of
rwpect to the memory of the late Repre
sentative HarniT of Pennsylvania, the
"father of the House," who died yester
day. The usual committee was appointed
to -attend the funeral. * '¦'¦
The vote- on the Aldrich-Robblns con
tested election case, which waa to have
been taken to-day, was postponed until
to-morrow. The conference report on the
financial bill, which was agreed to by the
Senate yesterday, was presented to ''the
Jlpuee, but no time waa fixed for calling
it up.
EMERALD ISLE
TO BE VISITED
BY THE QUEEN
Victoria Announces Her In
tention to Make a Trip
to Ireland.
LONT>ON. March 7.— At no other time
rlnce the diamond Jubilee has the Queen
been *o conspicuous an object in the pub
lic mind as she Is to-night. This prom
ises to be even more ptrlklnply the case
to-morrow. .Her Majesty's visit to Lon
don for a. drive In semi-state from Pad
dinpton 'station to Buckingham > palace
would be. sufficient In Itself to create great
public maniregtatlons ot. loyalty, but the
announcement this evening that for the
first Jlme since the . Jubilee she will to
morrow drive' from j Buckingham Palace'
along the embankment to St. ; Paul's Ca
thedral and back; through Holborn and
Piccadilly,' to St. James. Synchronizing
with the new success of Lord Roberts, is
bound to malce to-morrow a gala day In
the annals of Lond6n. ' • ::-«l.j
Beyond all this 1r the announcement of
the Queen's Intention to visit Ireland;. for
the first time, it is said, since- the death
of th» Princ« Consort. This is, regarded
as one of the most remarkable acts of
the Queen's life. No Minister of the
crown has ever •«lared to suggest such a
remarkable undertaking.
"The trip." Fflid » «-ell-informe<l offlcial
this evcnlngr, "Is the- spontaneous supfros-
Uon of the Queen aloue. and the enthusi
asm ft ls bound to. create when known in
L>ondon to-morrow can scarcely be esti
mated. It fi a wonderful proof of her
Majesty's Intense devotion to her people."
and her sacrifice In making "the trip at
such "a season of the year is renewed evl-
Or.e-half the SO ct. siz» — one-quarter the SI size.
tJon reading: this penerous offer In the
San Francipeo I>ally Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 1900.
:«| DR. KILMER'S WM
1 SWAMP-ROOT II
Ktjj Kidney, Liver and Bladder IHI
J£JlO Key take cot. two or threa 11 Bn|&
Kp'l UaspoonJalsb^foreor after me*l» iJlt'W
ft» Hi Children less according to iff*. If H, |:fl
Sglll SS»T commence with srnaU doses If/I 9
PHJiI and Increase to full dose or more, ||/8 IH
FjCßjjl «J the case would seem to require. jl/l[jJH
ISl'b Ttii grc*t remedy cures «J1 1/ HI B
' <S'H kw "*7- llT< " r . bladder and Trie jIBIfI
ijfsji Acii tn>ub>s and disorder* due li^Bß
VOJ) to wnk kidneys, rjeh aj catarrh II HBQ
|3|| of ti» bladder, crav»l. rheum*- 'J i/lR
(El jl UiTn, lamb&ffo ard Bright* Dl*- jM]
S3 I ca * r ' * tlcll b tie wcrst form of 'J KtZB
P| | It ls pleasant to UVe. iIJSfJiJ
i'aii DR " KILM£R & co ' Ini
| f|| Sold by all Druggists,
# ANAEMIA H
/// Paleness. . ¦ ( . General Weakness 1
I , - HeadachB •A. Tendency to Faint - '
I nervousness - 7^ .Palpitation of Heart — .-*. ,
Au\\ Melancholia Sleeplessness .'III
|% HUDYAN GURES. m\
S .¦Anaemia is paleness.'- Anaemia denotes decline. Men and women suffer from tht« A
• -.disorder, but more o«en anaemia, is associated with those irregularities and dlseaM £
•' lertow disuses aI ° De *'* ¦ übJect -' Anae P ! * ls * forerunner of consumption and other Z
5; HUDTAN Will correct this evil. HUDYAN make* rich, red blood It removes tha •
• cause, that give rli. to this pale and bloodless condition. * remove " »• Z
9- ESCONDIDQ, Cal. ¦ ... POnvr tvn rw. •
• " .Dear Doctors: I took -the Hndvan ac- Dear Doctors- I was rreativ mn Xvm 9
J cording ta. directions, and 'am pleased, to In healthTWpale InJ fnSrou* ? 1 S
•¦• J ay U "}«£»••• l * m ™ }™** r ?*". »nd wa. very thin, had luTSpetU? l Ud other S
• have grained remarkably In strength... l complications also. Hudyan ron relieved 5
• don* t. suffer thoi* pains every month now, me of all distress.. I am t£da7"n perfect •
m, as V formerly did. . Hudyan is the best health, and I owe It to HudyaX ™*V>' ©
J; remedy,on*arth fdr women.. .^^.^ '.:.-; MISS E CHESMORE. •
J HUDYAN Is for sale, by druggists. SO cents a pacVaje or six packages for $2 »> 5
2 rn K J?n r d S"*Jf trd °|!?,, nOt V?» H J ;DTAN " end «wet- to ¦Ui.-Hus»aV REMEDY •
9 CO.. corner Stockton, . Ellis and Market streets. Ssn Francisco Cal ¦ •
• ' FREE-Con.ult free the Hudyan Doctor's. Call or write. •
2
JOSEPH " E. COULTHURST.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DR. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.ADVZBTISE2IENTB.
Boyle Jury Disagrees.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN'RAFAEIi. March 7.— The Jury In
the case of Patrick Boyle for arson dis
agreed to-night Boyle .waa held under a
bond of $4000.:
Terry Succeeds McCormick.
WASHINGTON. March 7.— Captain flllas
W. Terr>"t late In command of the lowa,
has been assigned to succeed Admiral Me.
Cormlck as commandant of the Wash
ington Xaval Yard.
of a threatened epidemic and hinted at
direful results if it were not allowed to
pillage the public treasury.
Men who would plot to plunder the
funds of the taxpayers that they might
be enabled to get both snouts and torelegs
in the public trough can safely be counted
upon to strike at the city itself In their
scheme of (spoliation.
Did the death of a sick Cnlnaman in one
of the hovels in the heart of Chinatown
present the opportunity for plunder? It is
reasonable to suppose that these creatures
of Phelan's would not hesitate at a gigan
tic conspiracy which would mean a death
blow to the Interests of the city and her
citizens. It is reasonable to suppose that
such men would have San Francisco ad
vertised as a plague spot, overlooking the
fact that they themselves were the most
dangerous and most menacing malady
that threatens the community.
It is reasonable to suppose that such
men would strangle the city's commerce,
would cast a blight on the homes and
ruin the prospects of the future that they
might loot the public treasury while the
people were downcast at the outlook and
hiding their heads in shame for having
made such a condition possible by placing
In office a man who has toyed with their
confidence and has attempted to deliver
the city into the hands of an organized
gang of political brigands.
The bubonic plague fake caps the climax
of the Indignities and the outrages which
Phelaniem has heaped upon San Fran
cisco. .
What do the business men and the tax
payers think of a reform government that
plunges the city into darkness after mid
night, placing the citizens at the- mercy
cf thugs and thieves? How do they view
that reform which permits filth to ac
cumulate on the streets and highways?
These things are done under the pre
tense of being in the line of retrenchment
and economy. Can the citizens take stock
In Buch a plea when the very man who
makes It plots through the agency of his
lieutenants to loot the public treasury?
OFFICIAL DELAY.
Board of Health Discusses the Chlna-
town Quarantine.
The Board of Health, at Its regular
meeting last night, discussed the suspi
cious death of the Chinese laborer in the
basement of the old Globe Theater Tues
day night. Dr. Williamson brought up
the subject by referring to the suspicion
that the Chinaman had died from the
bubonic plague, and called up Health
Officer O'Brien to explain the circum
stances attending his demise.
Dr. O'Brien said he had received notice
of the death of the Chinaman, and after
consulting with his confreres, he conclud
ed to make a thorough Investigation. Al
ter satisfying himself that there was some
ground for the suspicion that the China
man had died from the effects of the
plague, he communicated with Chief ot
police Sullivan.
It was then decided to establish a strict
quarantine in the infected district. He
referred to Chinatown as a •'magnincent
feeding ground" for the disease.
Dr. Keilogg, bacteriologist of the Healtn
Department, said he had dissected tne
glands in the region of the groin of the
dead man, and found some very suspicious
bacilli. With the assistance of Dr. Kln
youn. Federal quarantine officer, he made
a thorough microscopic examination, i-ut
was unaole to positively say whether or
not the -bacilli were those of the bubonic
plague. He innoculated several guinea
pigs with the germs found in the glands
of the Chinaman and was anxiously wait
ing for the result. It would take from
two to four days, he said, before the ex
periment would prove successful. In case
the Innoculated pigs die within a reason
able time a post mortem will be held to
determine whether or not tne germs are
those of the plarue. , ?
Dr. Coffey. one of the eurgeons of the
Market Street Railway Company, then
addressed the board. After announcing
that the company was only too anxious
to co-operate with the board to prevent
the disease from spreading he said that
the people living in the Western Addition
were deprived of visiting the business por
tion of the city on account of the cars
of the Sacramento and Clay street lines
having been shut off from passing
through the suspected district. He aslted
that the cars be allowed to run through
the district as heretofore. ' .
y "We don't want to interfere with your
efforts in establishing a strict quaran
tine " he said. "On the contrary, we are
very ready to assist you In every 'possi
ble way. As the mattfr stands at the
presenrtime even the mall car Is not al
lowed to pass through Chinatown. Allow
ub to run our cars through the district
and we will promise that no passengers
will be allowed to get on or off within the
proscribed limits of Chinatown.
Chief Sullivan said he had given orders
to Captain Wittman to allow the mall car
to' run through to the ferry. He wanted
the car thoroughly .fumigated on Its re
turn to the carhouse, as, he did not want
to take any chances on a spread of the
disease.
Dr. McCarthy said he thought there
would be no danger If proper precautions
were taken. ;
Dr. Bazet said that the policemen who
are detailed In Chinatown were In as
much danger of contracting the disease
as the passengers on the cars that pass
through the quarter. He suggested that
the company be forced to fumigate i Its
cafs some time before they leave the
carhouse. /
Dr. Coffey replied that the railroad peo
ple were only too anxious to do every
thing that might be asked of them by the
Board of Health. He was in favor of
Dr. Bazet' b suggestion to have the 'cars
two years In accordance with the highest
wisdom and best possible Judgment, but
there should be no question among tha
American people as to the duty and ¦wis
dom of now uniting in a determined effort
to take- the situation* as it stands, and
to so conduct the affairs of our country
as to add the most to -its glory, honor,
welfare and prosperity. It Is a frier.dly
struggle for commercial supremacy. In
which our rival nations are using their
best efforts, and I say, let us In a friendly
but determined spirit use our best effort*
also."
The Island of Guam.
The general had & most enjoyable visit
at Guam. It was made under orders from
Washington, and he haa his report upon
the island ready for delivery to the Prss
ldent. * .
"It Is a beautiful Island about twenty
nine miles long and from three and a
half to ten miles in width," he said. "I
rode over a great deal of it. traversing lt»
length and crossing It three times. I rls
lted all the towns and was much pleased
with the people. Their hospitality and ap
parent desire to express good feeling to
ward Americans was very gratifying.
"The harbor San Luis de Apra Is very
good and can be Improved by a moderate
expenditure. The climate is very much,
like that of Honolulu, except that it really
has no dry season, the part of the year
of least rain having gentle trade wind
showers nearly every day. and often sev
eral such showers during the day."
BIG DECEPTION PLANNED.
Chicago Will Spread Itself to Roy-
ally Welcome the Veteran.
CHICAGO. March 7.— Plans for a hugs
demonstration In honor of General Joseph
Wheeler were made at a meeting of th«
Blue and Gray Lejrlon at the Great North
ern Hotel to-night. The plans include &
ball and public reception, in which the
Confederate veterans and the G. A. R. will
be asked to co-operate in the event that
General Wheeler, who Is in San Fran
cisco, can be induced to come to Chicago.
DID NOT GO ASHORE.
General "Wheeler declines responsibility
for quarantining the "Warren. It was re
ported along the water front Tuesday that
because the general had. gone ashors at
Honolulu the ship wasi being held. H«»
says he was not ashore, and furthermoi-s
that he declined to take advantage of any
leniency of the qarantlne officials an<J
come ashore before the ship was cleared.
Says It Was Understood He Would Return
in Time for the Session.
PLAGUE FAKE
PART OF PLOT
TO PLUNDER
Health Board Planning to Get
Snout and Forelegs in
Public Trough.
SUPERVISORS THREATENED
Specter of an Epidemic Brought Be
fore Them When They B,sfused
to Yield to Depart
ment's Demands.
THERE la no bubonic plague In
San Francisco. The sensational
etatement emanating from the
Board of Health that there was a
case of the dread disease In
Chinatown 1b looked upon by the dtl
*ens as a bold attempt of the department
to blackmail tbe city out of funds to feed
a horde of hungry office-seekers who
compose Mayor Phelan'B only following.
The most dangerous plague which
threatens San Francisco Is not of the bu
bonJe type. A plague of politics brought
to the city by a Mayor whose chief, char
acteristic Is to bargain and barter In the
powers given him by the new charter and
by him transmitted to a Board of Health
¦which ha» scandalized the community by
its extravagance and Inefficiency, is the
malady which not only menaces the com
mercial Interests, the prosperity and
future of the city, but Is striking at th«
verx foundation of Its government.
Checked in a course of organized plun
<ser; estopped from a raid on the public
funcs; foiled In an attempt to foist upon
tho city an army of useless political para
cltee; baffled In a plan to reward a horde
of political crlrolea and b*k-pars who
borer around Mayor Phelan. who has
cacrtneed public confidence and reepect to
continue the alliance with them; defeated
In their efforts to assist the Mayor in
fulfilling his pre-election promises of pat
ronage, the members of this Board of
Health have made dire threats of venge
anoe If the guardians of the city funds did
not submit to their demands for money —
»ot to b» expended for the city's good, but
to b« poured Into tha pockets of the
curbttone heeler* who are howling for
their pound of flesh from the man whom
the new charter has made czar of San
Francisco.
Threatened blackmail and a system of
brigandage, planned by men for whose In
duction into office Mayor Phelan is re
sponsible-. Is the plague that San Fran
cisco needs fear the most.
This Board of Health was appointed un
der the provisions of the new charter.
Dr. WT. E. Hopkins, appreciating
that his reputation In the community
would crumble if he remained with tho
hoard In the event of its plans to plunder
the city being- carried into execution, pre
sented his resignation and returned to the
r<->alm of decency.
The old Burns Health Board was a E&lnt
like institution in comparison with that
created by Phelan. Hardly had the mem
bers of th<? latter warmed their official
chairs than they besan to discuss the pos-
Fibllltlos the charter save for working the
"pull" and creating fat jobs with no work,
¦while they evaded responsibility and be
trayed public confidence. The scheme as
worked out by Frisian's quartet of doctors
oalV<i for a monthly expenditure by the
Health Department of SSOX) In round num
li.tp. The records of the Burns board
Fhow that It got along very nicely on
$2238 monthly. The Phelan board de
manded from the Supervisors an appropri
ation sufficlert to carry out Its plan of
plunder, and here came .the check on ei
travag-ar.ee, for the Health Department
•was allowed but $2500 instead of $SOOO.
T\"hen the Supervisors took this action the
Board of Health brought out the specter
Come, See.
Extra Double Premiums
Extra Double Tickets
Given Free with
Teas, Coffees, Spices
("ome Ju*l to *»e«-.
GrßaiAieitofllipriiiijTeaCo
6 tores Everywhere.
xoo Storea.
How many yean ef her life does a
woman spend over the hot cook stove
getting those three meals a day ? Back
aching, head throbbing, nerves twitch-
ing, it's all the same, there are three
meals a day to be prepared. Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription cannot lighten
•woman's labor,, but it can and does in-
crease her strength. It cures those dis-
eases of the womanly organs which un-
dermine woman's vitality.
•I cannot praise Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription too highly as a tonic for tired, worn-
out woofn who an afflicted with female weak-
ness.'' writes Mrs. Ira W. Holmes, of Cedar
Rapids, lowa. "It has helped me very much
and a EkfOfal physician once said to me in
snswrr to in v question as to its efficacy, ' I know
*>f ca*» where it has really worked wonders.' "
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets do not
re-act upon the system. They are a good
thing to keep in the house. One ' Pellet '
is a laxative, two a cathartic dose. The
medicine for every iroman.
MISS SAIDEE WALSH
GREETED BY FRIENDS
Brilliant Contralto Makes Her Debut
in the World of Song at
the Palace.
Miss Saldee Walsh made her debut tn
the world of song under the guidance of
Professor Joseph Greven at Maple Hall.
Palace Hotel, last evening. Scores of th«
young artist's friends greeted her and for
each song she sang they demanded an
encore, and sent her from the stage bear
ing a load of choicest blossoms.
Miss Walsh looked regal in an elegant
gown of green and black brocaded silk.
The Jupe was made en tralne and the cor
sage decollete. A trimming of soft, fluffy
pink chiffon brightened the corsaga and
front of the skirt.
Professor Greven was assisted In pre
senting Miss Walsh by Miss Lilly L. Roe
der, Hugh N. Callender, H. Winfred Goff
and Charles W. Betts.
Miss Walsh is the possessor of an Ideal
contralto voice. It Is rich and full,' and
above all, sympathetic, this characterlstlo
being ever prominent during her rendi
tion of Dudley Buck's "Sunset," her in
troductory song. Miss Walsh also sang:
"He Was a Prince" and "Habanera" and
the gypsy song from "Carmen." In the
selections from "Carmen" Miss Walsh
found an opportunity to use the full
power and exercise the most technical
control of her voice, and her friends wer«
happy, as was she. that the opportunity
was present. Mr. Uetts. a basso of great
power sang "Deep in the Mine": Hush N.
Callender rendered Lohengrin's "Declar
ation" and "Good-Night, my Child"; Miss
Lilly L. Roeder" rendered "Agathe's Aria"
(Frelschutz) and "If Thou Didat Lova
Me." Miss Roeder sang with pleasing ef
fect, and on each occasion was compelled
to respond to an encore;
driven from their homes and they have
lived in wagons and under trees and they
are all in tne most abject poverty. I saw
once a band of seventy coming toward
our lines and they had sent a long way
ahead of them a little child carrying a
reed with a white flag bound to it. They
had all been driven from their homes by
their own people.
"As for the soldiers coming home I can
not say anything.- It is too soon yet to
make any prediction. Their work Is near
ly done but the bands of marauders are
still at large and are giving some trouble.
Aguinaldo had at one time 20,000 effectivo
men. but that number has been reduced
until now he has but - a"- remnant of his
former forces.
"About keeping the islands and their
value to us as a possession I can only
•ay we have had this war thrust upon us
and now. with the conditions as they are,
eventually good will come to us through
our connection with the vast people in
the Far East.
"We must consider that about one-third
the population of the earth Is concentrated
In the eastern half of ABla and that these
vast multitudes are rapidly learning to
appreciate the advantages, and • I might
add, the necessity of high civilization, and
they are also learning to realize the com
fort which is enjoyed by the people of .the
most civilized nations, in the - possession
and . use of the products, manufactures
and mechanical developments which are
there found.
Commercial Possibilities.
"Europe and America must purchase
the silks, teas, coffee, hemp, spices and
products of the handiwork of the people
of the Orlerit, and this immense popula
tion needs articles which American farms
and factories are producing cheaper and
better than those which are produced
anywhere else •on earth. Cotton cloth,
such as is manufactured in Southern cot
ton mills, is needed by the people of the
East to the enormous value of four. to five
thousand million dollars. It will be want
ed by them for clothes, sheets, ' pillow
cases, curtains, sails for their Innumer
able vessels, and countless other pur
poses for which- It 2s used.
"Shoes for their feet and hats for their
heads will be demanded. 'Nails and screws
will be needed for their houses and barbed
wire for their farms; sewing machines,
typewriters, farming Implements., loco
motives by the thousands, cars by the
hundred thousands and steel rails bv'the
millions of tons will be required. Struc
tural steel for building will be demanded
for edifices in Canton. Shanghai, Peking.
Yokohama, Manila as it is now demanded
in New York and other great cities. Steel
for bridges will be needed in great quanti
ties;-sewage pipes. Improved water works,
gas works, electric plants and electric
cars will be required for their cities.
- "England, Russia. Germany and France
have braved war and pestilence in efforts
to secure a share of the wealth which will
come- to^-them- by commercial- relations
with these peoples.
They Were Thrust TJpon. TJs.
"Two years ago the noblest emotions
stirred the hearts of Americans, and with
one voice it ,was demanded that the forces
of the United States be hurled against
Spain. Victories by land and sea crowned
the efforts of our brave sailors and sol
diers. The treaty of peace cast upon us
the responsibility of sovereignty over
from nine to eleven million people, to
gether with the Islands which they In
habit, containing an area three times that
of our great and prosperous Empire State
"Very naturally there may be honest
difference of opinion as to whether
everything has been conducted during- tht
GENERAL WHEELER came ashore
from the Warren last evening and
went at, once to the Palace Hotel.
He looks well after his service in
the Islands, but he has that thin,
gaunt appearance worn by every man who
has come out of the Orient to the home
country. He says he feels well and glad,
both that he went and that he Is back
again. He enjoyed the trip home espe
cially, for the Journey was punctuated by
stops at Guam and Honolulu, and about
both these places the general Is enthusi
astic. But in speaking of Manila and the
Philippines he gets down to facts and
figures, and reasons from them that this
country should hold what It has. He
talks guardedly, however, after the habit
of military men, and he declines to dis
cuss the affairs of the islands £ except
where they do not touch upon the policy
of the home Government or the govern
ment of the new possessions.
Seated In his room In the Palace and
surrounded by his trunks and satchels, he
received visitors cordially and seemed
glad to exchange items, for the general
has been forty days on the trip home and
there has been a great deal happening in
those forty days of importance to him
and of which he knew nothing.
It was news to him that Underwood had
been appointed to the place on the Ways
and Means Committee that was being held
for him. It was news, too, that his name
was not being called on the- roll of the
House; but he attributes this to the fact
that he Is absent and not as signifying
that he is no . longer a member of the
body.
"It was understood," said he, "that
when I went to the Philippines I would
return In time for Congress. It was al
ways my Intention to return in time, and
I am still a member of the House.
There is no case where a Congress
man lost his seat. for having accepted a
commission in the volunteer forces."
The. general sent his resignation as a
brigadier general to Washington on No
vember 28 last. This is now in the hands
of the President, but it has not yet been
acted upon. General Wheeler, while irt
Manila, placed himself in the hands of
the Government as to whether or not he
should remain in the islands or adhere to
his original intention, but as. he believes
the rebellion is nearly over, in the absence
of specific orders he followed his original
plan and returned.
His Island Service.
As to his service In the islands, the
general will only say he did all he could.
Not that it. was as much -as he wished,
but ii was as much as opportunity of
fered. He was on the line for five months,
in command of the first brigade of Mac-
Arthur's division, and during part of that
time he was actively engaged in skir
mishing through the northern part of the
island.
About the islands themselves, the gen
eral talks freely and Intelligently. He
has been through some of the
most important provinces, and he
has estimated their value as pos
sessions of this country with the skill
of a trained political economist. He be
lieves their future will pay for their past,
but he adds the -of t-repeated statement
that their position is the result' of a war
thrust upon us, and we cannot turn back
now and he declines, too, to say how
long It will take them to pay for the blood
that has stained their sod or for the rav
ages of their pestilences. Of the rebel
lion he says "it is practically over."
"The rebellion itself is entirely wiped
out, with the exception of a few Dands of
marauders without heads and without or
ganization," said the general. "They can
not come together, and I do not believe
they can reorganize to any extent during
the rainy season. I do not believe Agui
naldo has left the island, although It
would not be particularly hard for him to
do so. -Fishing boats pass up and
down the coast, lines and from them to
the mainland, and any of these could
take him away, but If he reached any
place outside the Jurisdiction of this
country I am sure he would make him
self known. He- is not far off, I. am
sure for Just before I left a Filipino told
me he could put a. communication in Agui
naldo's hands within a short time. We
have captured several of his Govern
ment officers and his family, still I be
lieve he will get away if he can.
"On the part of the Island where
I served the feeling of the peo
ple Is one of friendliness for Amer
ica and the Americans. The cities are
well governed and schools are being es
tablished all over the Islands. In the out
lying districts only Spanish and na
tive languages are taught, but
in Manila English is part of the public
school course. I was not in Manila very
much, but I understand the natives are
taking kindly to the new language.
A Territorial Government.
"I .believe the people are ready for a
certain kind of self-government. They
could be given the power to make laws
under such a system of government as
has been adopted for our Territories.
They are capable of that amount of
general self-government. The munici
pal governments, however, are all
in the hands of the natives, and they
get along without trouble or friction.
Under a Territorial form the Islands could
be well controlled. .
"The military authority is gradually
giving way to the civil. The natives have
no fear of the soldiers and there is very
little trouble between the trocps and the
people. In Pangasinan, Just before I left,
the head men of fourteen barrios, or coun
ties, came to me and all signed a state
ment to the effect that they had no com
plaint against the men of the army, or
against any individual soldier. Every one
of the head men signed the statement^in
a clear hand and all seemed well edu
cated. This was In the northern part of
the Island, about ninety miles from Ma
nila. The feeling Is the same all through
the northern provinces and through the
scuth as well, except in Cavite. It was
in Cavite ¦ that the rebellion . started: It
was from Cavite that Aguinaldo came,
and it was largely from among the men
of Cavite that he appointed his officials.
As a consequence the friends of Aguin
aldo and his friends' friends are keeping
the bitterness alive. Then, too, there Js
the old complaint that the, natives were
kept out of Manila when that city felL
Natives Against Insurgents.
"Many of the natives are against the
insurgents, but they do not openly
express sympathy because they fear to
have -the troops withdrawn and they
themselves left to the mercy of Agulnal
do'B band. He holds his rnen^by the
statement that If they will only hold out
they will finally win Independence. Thu
people do not want any more war. They
have ¦ suffered terribly already and they
are tired of it all. If I should tell you
some of the things I have seen it would
make your heart bleed.. They have been
He Believes, as We Have the Islands, We Should
Try to Raise Them . to Our Standard'
of Civilization
CONSUL UTTERS
VEILED THREAT
HO YCW, Consul General and
representative of the Chinese
population of San Francisco,
caused to be posted yesterday
throughout Chinatown about 100 offi
cial circulars, decrying the action of
the Board of Health as unjust and
severe. He states that his people have
suffered without any Justification, and
that should such action be continued
or attempted nsraln he will Invoke tha
Intervention of the treaty existing
between this country and China, for
the protection of the latter's subjects.
This morning representatives of the
Chinese, medical and legal, will appear
before the Board of Health at the In
stance of the Consul and demand their
rights in the premises.
The Chinese Six Companies, com
posed of merchants, held a meeting
last night and ratified' the Consul's
proclamation, also volunteering money
and assistance to prevent a repetition
of any future action of a similar char
acter.
Following Is a translation of the
proclamation:
CONSUL GENERAL HO VOW.
I exhort my people to not become excited because of the recent
action taken by Board of Health and the police. I deeply regret that
the transaction of the past day should have been permitted, and
should thia outrageous conduct be continued I will invoke the pro
tection of the treaty now existing between the United States and
China.
I have investigated the case which has been attracting the atten
tion of the health officials and over which so much flurry has been
made. I find that the man whose death occurred at 1001 Dupont
street had been suffering from a common ailment over a month and
during that time had an operation performed, after which he suf
fered a relapse. Other deaths of a similar character frequently occur
here. There is no excuse for the blockade which has been placed on
the Chinese quarter, and business should not have been stagnated
and merchants inconvenienced until something of a nature to war
rant such proceedings had developed.
I ask that you keep the peace until a thorough investigation can
be made. The authorities have not dealt, fairly with us, "but I hope
that they will soon discover their error and remove the ban they
have placed upon us.
We have sent our representatives before the Board of Health
demanding fair treatment and to see that a thorough examination
of the glands in this case be made. HO VOW,
Chinese Consul General for the port of San Francisco.
disinfected before they were taken out
of the barn.
Dr. Baum then moved that the cars of
the Sacramento and Clay street lines be
allowed to go throush- Chinatown, pro
viding that after the cars are returned to
the barn they are fumigated, and that
no passenger be allowed to get on or off
any car while it passes through the Chi
nese district.
Chief Sullivan said he would have his
policemen accompany the cars from
Stockton to Kearny street to see that the
passengers did not violate the quarantine
order. He also asked that the passengers
be compelled to remain Inside the car
while passing through the infected dls
"I don't want to interfere with the
rights of the traveling public." he said,
"but I am determined to prevent the peo
ple from boarding the cars while they
pass through Chinatown. If the passen
gers alight from the cars within the pro
scribed boundaries I intend to quarantine
them Just as we are doing with the resi
dents of the district."
Dr. Gesford of the marine hospital said
he had received orders from Washington
to do all in his power to assist the health
authorities in preventing a spread of the
disease. He announced that about 300
ounces of Haffelklne's serum was on Its
way here from Washington and would
if necessary be used in lighting the dis
ease.
Another meeting of the board will be
held In a few days to further discuss the
matter.
CHINATOWN BLOCKADE.
Cry of Indignation Rises From the
Chinese.
Chinatown remained in quarantine
yesterday. Ropes were stretched across
the principal streets leading into the Chi
nese districts, and squads of policemen
turned the crowds into other thorough
fares. Under the orders of the Board of
Health no persons were allowed to enter
or pass out of the supposed infected dis
trict, and these instructions were _ car
ried out to the letter by the special police
detail on guard.
At 1 o'clock yesterday morning the first
action of the Chief of Police was to
drive every white person out of the
quarantined section. This being accom
plished, officers took up their vigil, two
at each street leading into the Mongolian
district. The police were placed under
the control of Sergeants Duke, Chris
tlanson, Bush, Campbell, Shea and
Patrick Mahoney. Three watches were
made up and each squad served for
eight hours apiece.
Confusion Among Chinese.
A greater part of the Chinese popula
tion had retired when this action was
taken, and the seriousness of the situa
tion was not realized until after 6 o'clock
yesterday morning. The Chinese found
themselves blockaded, and their first
thought was that the police had inter
fered on account of the highbinder war
now In progress. Many tried to run the
lines, but were stopped and sent back to
their quarters.
About 2000 Chinese . and Japanese
cooks, waiters and servants who are
employed about town, and who en
tered Chinatown last night— applied
to be released that they might per
form their duties. Their requests met
with refusal, and consternation reigned.
About town employers waited for their
help, hotels and private families for their
cooks, but the menials did not put in ap
pearance at the usual hour. At the
Palace Hotel the kitchen was In serious
need of help, and relief was sought
from employment, agencies. Other places
suffered as severely, and soon there was
a rush of angry citizens and business
men for police headquarters. At the
California-street station Lieutenant Esola
listened to the troubles of about fifty
employers of Chinese and received the
brunt of their indignation because he was
unable to do anything for them. , ' ,-
Many Chinese had prepared to leave the
city and had purchased tickets days be
fore. Seventy-six were prevented from
sailing on the America Maru and about
four times that number on the river and
coast steamers. Merchants found it Im
possible to conduct their business within
the limits of Chinatown, and closed their
doors soon after opening them. Delivery
wagons carrying milk and provisions for
the Chinese were stopped, and all life
seemed suppressed in the Mongolian ter
ritory.
Police on Blockade Duty.
The two police squads, which were re
cently detailed to weed out highbinders
and gamblers . were added to the squad
doing guard duty, and not a single police
man was permitted beyond the stretched
ropes. Their absence added to the scene
of desolation, and the Chinese had mat
ters of peace practically in their own
hands. The unusual proceedings pre
vented about half of the Chinamen
from appearing on the street at all, and
cannon balls might have been shot from
one end of each thoroughfare to the other
without causing, any disastrous results.
Large crowds of curiosity seekers, hearing
that a blockade was In progress, loitered
along Kearny street all day and took in
the ludicrous points of the situation.
The quarantined district included the
blocks bounded by Kearny, Broadway,
Stockton and California, The cable lines
on Sacramento, Jackson, Clay and Wash
ington streets were stopped, and traffic
was badly crippled. Pedestrians were
obliged to walk over steep hills and many
blocks out of their way. In many In
stances, to reach their destination.
Despite the precautions taken by the
police, the blockade was practically in
effectual. It is said that notwithstanding 1
the fact that 2000 servants were confined
within the quarantine lines at 6 o'clock
yesterday morning, most of them were at
their places of employment before 11
o'clock. Most of the escapes were made
by way of Stockton street. Underground
passages and alleys served to accommo
date many, while others climbed over
WHEELER WILL CLAIM
HIS SEAT IN CONGRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 190 0.
roofs and landed In the streets at points
where the officers had not been stationed.
Consul General Indignant
Much indignation was expressed through
the Chinese quarter when the action of
the Board of Health became known. Con
sul General Ho Vow took immediate ac
tion and investigated the case under dis
cussion. He says he discovered that there
was no justification for any rigid meas
ures, as the subject had not succumbed to
bubonic plague, but had been afflicted with
the same ailment as had brought death to
many other of his countrymen during the
years of Chinatown's existence in this
city. The merchants, when they found
the havoc wrought to their, trades, rose
with the cry that they were being perse
cuted and made the sufferers ; fn some
political scheme. The Consul General, who
realized that the crisis had been reached
among the people he represented, lost no
time in issuing a circular which was post
ed In every conspicuous place through
Chinatown, asking 'them to remain com
posed at the same time condemning -the
city officials' action as wrong and unjust.
The merchants, who compose the Six
Companies, met last night and ratified the
Consul's proclamation. This morning the
Consul General, acting In conjunction with
them, will have legal -and medical repre
sentatives before the Board of Health.
They will demand that the rights of the
Chinese be respected* and in the event of
the death of Wong Chut King being pro
nounced a's having resulted from bubonic
plague they will demand that the glands
be given to the Chinese for further exam
ination.
Privileges of Mail Carrier*.
A mall carrier named John Dougherty
was allowed to enter the lines by the po
lice, having mall matter for distribution
in hi« possession* His demand for admit
tance was at first refused by the officers,
but he pointed out to them- that they
were intercepting United States mails, and
he was then allowed to ! continue on his
way. When he went to pass out again ho
was stopped and held within the lines. He
communicated with his superiors and an
agreement was finally effected by wWch
mail carriers would be allowed . to enter
the quarantined section with a health of
ficer, who would disinfect the letters
before they were taken away.
Federal Business Crippled.
Customs Collector Jackson yesterday
afternoon -sent a pointed communication
to the Board of Health, asking whether
the board considered San Francisco an in
fected port, in which case, he announced,
he would, in comformlty with the Federal
quarantine regulations, refuse to grant
clearance to any vessel in this harbor.
He had not received a reply. up to the
close of office hours. •
The quarantine in Chinatown demoral
ized Custom-house business yesterday.
There were two large steamers at the
docks discharging cargoes from th© Orient
consigned to Chinese merchants, and the
merchants being quarantined were de
barred from coming down town to swear
to their entries. Not a single entry was
filed yesterday of any consequence. Brok
ers say that the loss to Chinatown mer
chants will be heavy If the quarantine is
continued for any length of time.
Two Chinese Customs brokers made
their escape yesterday morning from the
tabooed quarter by passing along roofs
and landing in a saloon facing Kearny
street. They will reside in the Caucasian
quarter hereafter. *
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock Issued an order yesterday that no
more Chinese habeas corpus deportation
cases would" be heard by him pending the
quarantine.
Chief Dunne of the Chines© Bureau said
that the business of the bureau had been
virtually suspended, as no- witnesses
would be allowed to leave Chinatown and
the result would be a serious congestion
In the work of landing Chinese.
MERCHANTS READY.
In a Public-Spirited Way They Prof
fer Assistance.
A committee of the Merchants' Asso
ciation yesterday afternoon visited the
Mayor and the Committee on Health of
the Board of Supervisors with a view of
suggesting measures and affording assist
ance in the fighting of the bubonic plague
If it were found to exist. On this com
mittee were President F. W. Dohrmann,
Secretary Freud and Messrs. Davis, Mit
chell, Bradford and Sherwood.
After a lengthy talk with the Mayor and
the Supervisors it was decided that the
Merchants' Association should select a
physician to assist in the bacteriological
analyses of the infected blood and glands
of the Chinese. A report will be made to
day at 10 o'clock to the association and
further steps will be taken a» this time If
necessary.
HIGHBINDERS UNMOLESTED.
Chinese Merchants Object to Dong 1
Gong as Police Interpreter.
"With every policeman out of China
town the highbinders were at liberty to
wield their weapons with impunity yes
terday. They had not taken advantage of
the situation, however, up to an early
hour this morning, but still the. air is
laden with bloody rumors and the pop of
guns is likely to be heard at any moment.
The solution of the enigma why the high
binders, left unmolested to ply their craft,
did not strew the streets of the quaran
tined section with corpses yesterday may
resj in the fact that a great number of
the murderous element have been hiding
without the limits of Chinatown, not able
to return after the blockade.
A little stir was caused in Chinatown
yesterday morning when it was found
that policemen guarded the streets." Many
of the- tong men believed that the action
had been taken on account of tong trouble
and they laid the responsibility of the
step at the door of Dong Gong, official in
terpreter and adviser of the police, and
at the same time a prominent man in the
Sin Suey Ying Tong and the person who.
it is alleged, caused the recent outbreak.
The merchants of Chinatown are pre
paring to take some steps which will re
sult in the removal of Dong Gong from
a position with the police which no has
held since Crowley was at the head of th©
department. They claim that Gong is
using the police merely as a vehicle for
his own personal likes and dislikes, and
but for him the trouble, would soon die
out of its own accord. •
When negotiations were on between the
Wai Ting Tong and the Sin Suey Ylngs on
one side and the Suey Sing Tons on the
other, over the insulting of a \V ai Ting
woman by a Suey Sing man, Dong Gong
was conspicuous at the conference. The
Suey Sings were willing to make any res
titution for the misconduct of their man
and promptly expelled him, as was re
quested. They also consented to post a
circular setting forth the causes for such
action, but Dong Gong insisted that the
cause be given as highway robbery, a
false charge, and one to which the Suey
i Sings would not consent.
On the night of the conference and after
the war had been declared Dong Gong
misled Sergeant Shea of the Chinatown
squad by telling him that the trouble had
been amicably settled and that no appre
hension need be felt. Shea believed his
Interpreter and went home. He had gone
but half an hour when one of Gong's so
ciety men shot and killed a Suey Sing
1 man.
The merchants, will further claim that
Dong Gong has abused his position of
bond inspector for the police and has
showed discrimination in the acceptance
of certain ball. On the whole they wl'l
complain that a man affiliated with a tonic
at war is scarcely the proper person to
direct police operations in cases where his
tong is concerned. ¦ It is also stated that
the interpreter has been used as a leak
by his tong. when it desired to gain In
formation of police operations.
Consul General Ho Vow stated yester
day that the trouble had not been settled
vet. He thinks that there will be a tem
porary lull in the hostilities and that un
less something unforeseen intervenes the
war will soon be resumed with much
fierceness. Three of his men were work
ing in Chinatown recently trying to bring
about a settlement, but they have as yet
failed to accomplish any satisfactory re
sults... ¦ . ¦ - " -
Dr. Shumate Resigns.
The Board of Health met last night and
granted Dr. W. W. Kerr 'a six months'
leave of absence to visit friends -in the
East and in Europe.
Dr. Shumate resigned as sanitary ln
sepctorand Dr. R. E. Hartley .was ap
pointed to fill the vacancy.- , .
A communication was received from the
Precita Improvement Club - calling atten
tion to the foul condition of Bryant-street
sewer between certain streets. . The mat
ter was referred ¦to the ' Committee on
Sewers. , '"¦ "¦"'-' ' ' -v
On motion of Dr. Bazet. August Berges
was appointed inspector of bakeries.
D. J. . Bastible. a nurse at the Alms
house, was suspended for striking a pa
tient. The. boar<rthen_adjourned. ',
*3 EJB%&\M W^mWfmSm
R| how they are made, see B i jStM ¦liX I
H : lies in the material. We had the foresight to buy the. fl[
H cloth for this sale before trade prices went up. We are
H now telling you about it — not to proclaim our sagacity, H
B but to impress upon you the value you are getting for fl
H Our samples are free to any one who asks for them. H
H If you lire out of, San Francisco send for self-measurement blank. BS
H *We can make to /our order one of these suits or orercoats for $13.50 |B
Ifl that will fit and give entire satisfaction. Ask for our sample catalogue Wt
Our Increase of Insanity.
Much discussion has been aroused lately by
the alarming ' increase of Insanity. Our high
rate of living: la the cause assigned. In the
rush for ¦ money, both ' men and women . neg-
lect their : bodies until the breakdown , comes.
The best way to preserve health Is by a faith-
ful use of Hostetter 1 s • Stomach Bitters. By
curing all stomach t Ills," this ; remedy prevents
nervous breakdown. It is alto an excellent
medicine for . constipation, dyspepsia and bll-
loußness. •
*S£? so!* STOMAOU
nrme BOWELS v,-.-
BEECHAM'S PILLS
-.;' 1O omntm mm§ 2B omntm
3¦ Special table of Imported bonnet* at
Keith's next Friday and Saturday. •
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900, by H. H. E*Wt.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Wednesday, March 7. LVXV— Weather cloudy. Track muddy.
Sale'of shoes.' 7l7 Market St., near Third.*
WIRE WAS TOO
FAR AWAY FOR
FOUR. CHOICES
Leipzig,. Durward, Bernota
and Grand Sachem Win
, ners at Oakland. ; ;
Topmast Galloped Away From His
! Field When Beady — Peace at
Home in the Muddy
Going. ,
• — ?
Some very puzzling problems in the rac
ing line were furnished the talent at Oak
land yesterday, and but two were solved
correctly. The track was muddy, greatly
confusing form followers, although a
source of much satisfaction to the book
makers, who experienced a fairly profita
ble session. Leipzig, Durward, Bernota
and Grand Sachem all came home at good
odds, while Topmast and . Peace came
OCEAN TRAVEL
THE GREAT FLYING FOX TO BE SOLD.
LONDON, MARCH 7.— THE SALE OP THE LATE DUKE OF WESTMINSTER'S STABLE .ON THURSDAY
NEXT IS ATTRACTING GREAT ATTENTION BY REASON OF THE FACT THAT FLYING FOX, THE BEST
HORS-E IN ENGLAND, WILL GO UNDER THE HAMMER.
FLYING FOX WON THE DERBY AND ALL THE OTHER GREAT RACES LAST SEASON, AND IT IS BE
LIEVED THE YOUNG DUKE, WHO IS IN AFRICA, WILL TRY TO BUY HIM IN. THE PRICE IS EXPECTED
TO BEAT ALL RECORDS. THE GRANDSIRE OF FLYING FOX, ORMONDE, WAS SOLD TO MACDONOUGH
OF SAN FRANCISCO FOR J150.000. .
SOME OF THE MOST FAMOUS VICTORIES WON BY FLYING FOX ARE: TWO THOUSAND GUINEAS AT
NEWMARKET LAST YEAR. BEATING LORD WILLIAM BERESFORD'S COMAN: THE LAST DERBY, WITH ITS
6000-SOVEREIGN STAKE. DISTANCE ABOUT ONE MILE AND A HALF, TIME 2:42 4-5. THERE WERE TWELVE
STARTERS. IT WAS DURING THIS RACE-THAT THE FRENCH HORSE, HOLOCAUSTE. RIDDEN BY TOD
SLOAN. WHICH HAD ENTERED THE STRETCH SECOND TO FLYING FOX, BROKE HIS LEG AND HAD TO
BE KILLED. THE PRINCESS OF WALES STAKES AT NEWMARKET ON JUNE 29 AND 1000 SOVEREIGNS: DIS
TANCE, THE BANBURY MILE (A STRAIGHT MILE). THE ECLIPSE STAKES AT SANDOWNE PARK JULY 14.
VALUE 1000 SOVEREIGNS: THE ST. LEGER STAKES AT THE LAST DONCASTER MEETING. FLYING FOX IS
BY ORME-VAMPIRE.
fttotttively enred by &mo
little Pills.
also relieve Distress from DysyujA*
tndigestfon and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fitct rerofcdy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl»
ness, BadTasteto the Mouth, Coated Tongue
?ain in the Side, TORPID OVER. Tfccy
Rrgulate the .Bowels. Purely Vegetable j
SrnaU Pin. Small Dose.
Small Price*
WRESTLER WILEY
WINS HIS BOUTS
OLYMPIC MAT
Eastern Champion Defeats
.Athletes in Three
Classes.
Other Eastern Men Prove Too Clevei
for Californians — Fast and Ex
... citing Bouts in the Big
'. • • . . Tournament.
•
rSf
+ ' AnjrnM liuriiunn, M . Onrgr ?
it Athletic Clnb, defrnted 11. •*
? HaoMtein,' Vcrela Klntrnoht. *
•* J. K. • nrmlaad (UB), St. 'J
£? Georce> Athletic Clnh, defent- i;
? Ed 1.. T. Chulker 02.1>. Olym- ?
SS pic Clnb. ~
r^ William Velson (1O.1). St. ;•
« Georcre Athletic « lnl», de- *
•o fcnti-il C. D. I'fnlonj (iri), *3
r * Olympic Club. *•
V Ma* Wiley (133)', Rochester V
,• Athletic < lull, defented J. YV. •!
? Rhode* (135), Reliance Alh- *
i? letic Clnb. \
*. J. 11. Splro, Olympic Clnb. J8
? defeated Gnn Klutr., Mmlnni ?
SS Athletic Clnb. •*
r * O. W. Davfa, Olympic Clnb, ;•
V defeated C. «. Pray, Olympic ?
2* Clnb. «
<? Max Wiley (135). nochenter ?
*- Athletic Club, defeated 11. S. V
;• Wiion '143), Reliance Ath- £*
? letic Club. ,?
•' Max Wiley (138)^ Rochenter *J
*. Athletic Clab, defeated WII- ;.
? Him Northlc (158), Olympic *
S? Clnb. i^
*, .F. Hnyly, Olympic Clnb, de- g*
feated Dan Mabnney, Olympic V
85. Clnb. i'
£ Chrln rtemon. Reliance Ath- r *
letic Clnb, defeated Georsre
w « Hildebrand, Olympic Clnb. .*
¦ Wrestler Max \\ i]ey, who flies the col
ors of the Rochester Athletic Club, ti«!s
fair to tqual at the Olympic Club tour
nament his recent performance at the an
nual' championship meeting in New I'ork.
He took part ia three preliminary bouts
in the Olympic Club last night and won
them all. He first appmred against J.
W. Rhodes in his natural class,. that for,
ios-pound men. He secured the decision
over Rhodes at the expiration of six min
utes on the mat. Referee Eugene Van
Court awarding him the honor for his
aggressiveness. He met R. S. Wixon in
the welter-weight class, 145 pounds, and
(irep«ed his shou'ders squarely on the mat
after four minutes and thirty-six seconds
cf jtetive work. His third and last op
ponent was William Noethig. whom Jie
also defeated on aggressiveness, the bout
going the full f!x minutes.
Wiley's three companions, also fresh
from triumphs in Eastern arenas, won
their bouts hantfilr. J. F. Renzlar.d, 115
rounds, and Wi'.liam Nelson, 105 pounds,
each gave away weight, entering the 12.">
piund class. Renzlarid won in one min
ute and twelve sc-eonds. while Nc-lsoii took
the limit. Kurzrran. the last of the East
ern contingent, won in the fastest time
of the night, one minute and ten seconds.
The bouts proved a. surprise and a de
light to the spectators, as they went off
¦without a hitch, the long programme be
ing completed btfore 10 o'clock. The vis
itors all showed their wide experience In
the game and were alert to take advan
tage of every point. They learned quickly
that the Californians were not accus
tomed to an elevated platform, all the
¦wrestling ever don«? here being on a mat
Kpread on the floor. As there was on
chance to fall off the floor if wrestled off
the mat the men did not have to give their
attention to caving themselves. Th-j
Easterners are accustomed to the elevat
ed ring, and at the commencement of each
bout rushr-d their opponents to the ropes
and did their best to disconcert .them*. In
this they were successful in a number of
instances.
The first bout of the night was between
Renzland and L. T. Chalker of the Olym
pic Club. Renzland went to work with a
rush and tried several holds. Chalker was
always on the defensive, but finally suc
cumbed to a crotch and half Nelson after
one minute and forty-two seconds work.
Prntony of the Olympi.c Club next met
l^elson. The order of aggressiveness was
reversed in this instance. Pentony bein^
the aggressor. He bustled the Easterner
about and had him in difficulty once. Pen
tony . tric-d a half Nelson and arm hold
twice, but his opponent broke it each
time. Nelson then assumed the aggressive
and nearly secured a flying fall. He then
tried a half Nelson and crotch hold, but
P^ntony broke it. His next essay was a
pretense of trying a hammer-lock, in the
hope that Pen tony would lea\-e an open
ing for a Nelson. This did not work, and
the bout went the limit. Nelson gettinir
the decision.
August Kuraman and H. Hanstein
proved exceptionally clever,- ' but ' the
former showed the advantage of Eastern
competition. Hansteln was aggressive,
trying flrst a threo-quarter Nelson. Kurz
man was loudly applauded for a head spin
and roll which took him out of da:ig°r.
<juick as a flash- he caught Hanstein off
his guard and floored him. Time of bout,
one minute and ten seconds.
Wiley took the full six minutes to win
from Rhodes of Oakland. He was exceed
ingly rough and had Rhodes over tn»
ropes and off the mat the major part of
the time. Ho tried for a hammer held
repeatedly, but without success. Wiley
won on aggressiveness, the bout going the
limit.
C. E. Wilson threw C. E. Cutter i:» a
flying fall in two minutes and twenty sec
onds. He flrst raised him in the air wlfi
a catch and arm lock, which he suddenly
changed to a half Kelson.
Davis threw Pray after five minutes and
forty-eight seconds' fast work. Davis
was the aggressor, but Pray withstood
severe pressure until the last, being in
jeopardy several times.
Wiley was more successful in his second
essay, "throwing R. S. Wixon in 4 minutes
3»" seconds. Wixon was clever and saved
himself twice with head spins. He finally
went down under a half hammer, which
was first changed to a half Nelson and
then to an arm and half Kelson, under the
pressure of which Wixon succumbed.
Gua Klotz of the Stadum Athletic Club
\va? thrown in 2 minutes 35 seconds; by J.
11. Bpiro. The latter raieed him with a
crotch hold and right arm and then
Jr>ippe<l him.
Wiley won in the 145-pound class from
William Xoothig again on aggressiveness.
F. B. Bayly won after his bout with
Dan Mahoney had gone the limit.
There l^ing only two contestants in the
heavy-weight class, a. Hiltlebrand and C.
Plerson. their bout decided the champion
ship in that class. Lioth were as burly
as piano movers, but did not have much
science. They wrestled two hours of flx
minutes tacli and one of three minutes
without-a fall. Pierson. the Oakland man,
was then awarded the championship for
his aj?sres=siveness.
There are thirteen boxing bouts on the
card for to-night. The names of the men
who will appear are given herewith. They
arp segregated into thf>ir respective
classes, but will not knew whom they are
to me^t until they draw for opponents,
just before they ent-jr the ring. There
are only three entries !n the special 123
pound class, so that the expected meeting
of Champion Scholes and W. J. Leonard
may take place. The list of contestants
follows:
Featherweight. 115 pounds— Daniel Danziger,
O. C. ; Frank MrConnell Jr.. O. C. : William
Srhnonbeln, unattached; M. T. Gilfeather, S.
E. R. C.
Special class, 125 pounds — W. J. Leonard. O.
C. : J F; Scholes, T. A. C. ; Robert Lawrence,
Lightweight, 136 pounds — George Eager, O.
C. ; J. E. Britt, O. C. : W. J. Gooby, unattached;
I>. Carroll. O. C: Joseph A. Rock. O. C.
Welterweight. 145 pounds— J. Dukelow, R. A.
C. : Joseph Doyle. O. C; H. W. Fincke, O. C. :
J. J. Groom. A. A. L-: G. Berger. unattached;
Al Doyle, O. C. : T. Marrlch, O. C. ; James
Pallas, S. E. R. C.
Middleweight, 158 pounds — S. Simpson, O. C. :
Geonre Tantau, O. C; W. K. Rodenbeck. N.
W. S. C. ; Joseph Millet, unattached; Joe Doyle.
O. C. ; F. C. Wegner, O. C.
veloped unusual speed In the run across
the field. Once the dogs were upon them
they faded away quickly.
' Favorites had a stormy time In' the run
down. Shootover beat Lowlander at : 1 to
2. Singleton beat Bagpipe at 2 to 3. Aeneas
beat May Hempstead. 1 to 2; Wild Mon
arch beat Rest. Assured. 1 to 10; Rowdy
Boy beat Silver Wings. 1 to 5: Sweet Fa
vordale beat Said Pasha. 2 to 5: Thornhill
Comet beat Sophie. 1 to 6. and Delia M
beat Silent Treasure, 1 to 5.
The longest 'course of the day was be
tween Aeneas and One Spot, the dogs
running over three minutes. Aeneas, wdn
by a score of 32 to 11. He was then drawn.
The detailed results of the running, with
Judge John Grace's official scores, follow:
J. O'Dowd's Shootover beat A. Johnson's Low
landsr. 17—1; Erwln & Lyon's Silver Lyon teat
M. London's Rattle Ax. 6—2: A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty beat Al Austin's Los An:;e
les, 4—3; Curtln & Son's Cash l*>at J. Smith's
Merced. 7—o: J. M. Carroll's Columbia a bye.'
Random Aim drawn: Maher & Reid's Single
ton beat Lowe & Thompson's Bagpipe. 5—2;
M. London's Magneto beat R. L. Taylor's Win
ning Lassie, 6—o: Aeneld Kennels' Maid of
Erin beat R. L. Taylor's Torment. 6—l: Aeneld
Kennels' Aeneas beat Pasha Kennels" May
Hfrnpstead. 3—o; Lowe & Thompson's Little
Fullerton beat W. Creamer's Jesse Moore, 3—2;
F. A. McComb's One Spot beat C. Graw's Lady
Peach, fr-0; P. Doyle's Wild Monarch beat
Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured, 5—3: R. L. Tay
lor's Rowdy Boy beat Erwln & Lyon's Silver
Wings. 2—o; F. A. McComb's Sweet Favordale
b<*at J. M. Hatton's Said Pasha. 4—l: J. D.
Cardinell's Thornhill Comet tw»at S. E. Portal's
Sophie. 3—l: Aeneld Kennels' Athena beat E.
Caaserly's Silence, 4—o; F. A. McComb's Motto
beat J. Horn's Bona Fide. 4—o:4 — 0: Curtis A Son's
Commodore beat S. E. Portal's Louise, 4—!;
F. C. Mack's D«lla M beat J. Mooney's Silent
Treasure, 3—l: J. Seggerson's Gold Hill beat
S. E. Portal's Laurelwood 11, 3—2: C. Bonner's
Wild Nora beat J. Smith's Lancashire Lass.
14—0: Curtis & Son's McKinley beat Maher &
Reid's Nellie Bawn. 6—3: Aeneld Kennels'
.Agamemnon beat S. E. Portal's Gallagher.
4—o: M. Mlchalek'n Glen Roy beat E. Casserly's
Lady Blanche, B—o. .
Second round— Shootover beat Silver Lyon,
12—5; Mountain Beauty beat Cash, 7—5; Single
ton beat Columbia,. 11—1; Magneto beat Maid
of Erin. s—o; Aeneas beat Little Fullerton. 4—o;
One Spot beat Wild Monarch. 6—l; Rowdy Boy
beat Sweet Favordale. 10—2: Athena beat
Thornhill Comet, 10—0; Commodore beat Motto.
3-2; Gold Hill beat Delia M. 3—2; McKlnley
beat Wild Nora, 10—0: Glen Roy beat Aga
memnon, 4—o.4 — 0.
Third round — Mountain Beauty beat Shootover,
4—o; Magneto beat Singleton, 4—o; Aeneas beat
One Spot, 32—11: Athena beat Rowdy Boy, 6—l:
Commodore beat Gold Hill. 4—l; McKlnley beat
Glen Roy, &— 3.
Fourth round — Mountain Beauty beat Mag
neto, 4—o;4 — 0; Commodore a bye, Aeneas drawn;
Athena beat McKlnley, 3—2.
Fifth round— Mountain Beauty beat Athena.
9—2:9 — 2: Commodore a bye. :
Final— Commodore beat Mountain Beauty,
fr-6. B—l. ' .
OPEN STAKE DRAW.
Fast Dogs Will Chase the Hares for
Big Frizes Saturday and Sunday.
The Saturday and Sunday coursing at
Union Park this week will b« an open
stake, eighty-eight entries, for the follow
ing prizes: First, J110; second. $70; third,
$.V»; three at $30, five at $20, eleven at $15,
twenty-two at $10; total, $805. Trains, Sat
urday at 11 a. m,; Sunday, 11 a, m,, 12 m.
and 1 p. m. The drawing is:
E. Casserly's Lady Blanche vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's (names) Walt a lilt; R. U Taylor's
Rowdy Boy vs. J. Sheridan's Forest Queen: T.
J. Cronln's Rose of Tralee vs. M. London's
Magneto; F. A. McComb's Motto vs. R. E.
de B. Lopez & Sons* Wonder; Sam Mount's
Sam's Folly vs. D. J. Healy's Maori Land;
D. -J. CardeneU's Thornhlll Comet vs. P. J.
Riley's Ploughboy; Bartels Bros.' Best Bar
gain vs. D. J. Healy's Maggie N; J. L. Ross'
J L R vs. R. L. Taylor's Mose; A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan vs. J. H. Harrison's Hot Haste;
Irwln & Lyons' May Queen vs. P. J. Riley's
Royal Union; H. A. Deckelnnan's Snap Shot vs.
Curtis & Sons" Cash; Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara
vs. G. W. Helnti's Coquette; P. Horgan's Lu
cretia Borgia vs. Jeff Martinetfs Buxton;
Mahrr & Reid's Uncle Fuller vs. J. Murnane's
Bowery Boy: R. E. de B. Lopea & Sons' Craw
ford Lad vs.' Pat Horran's Manila: Curtis ft
Sons' Vanity Fair. vs. Joseph Shean's (names)
Fire Queen: J. Murnane's Wildwood .vs. F. A.
McComb'B Royal Flushr Curtis & Sons' Kcho
vs Sterl & Knowles 1 Olita; Sterl A Knowles'
Pleety Mist vs. J. P. Thrift's Forget; Sterl 8c
Knowles' For Glory vs. Pasha Kennels' Rol
licking Airs; R. E. de B. Lope* & Sons' Green
Valley Maid vs. J. M. -Halton's (names) Laven
der- T. J. Cronln's Maid of Bail vs. J. M.
Halton's (names) Tic Tac; J. Finn's Johnny F
vs H. A. Deckleman's Rocker; D. J. Healy's
Granada vs. M. Michalek's Glen Roy.-R. E.
de-B Lopez & Sons' Minnewawa vs. Curtis &
Sons' Maud S; Curtis & Sons' Narcissus vs.
R E de B. Lopez & Sons' Whitehead; T. J.
Cronln's Thornhill vs. F. A. McComb's. LUtls
Sister- G. W Helntz's Hlrschell's Pride vs.
Russell. -Allen & Wilson's Master Claire; Pasha
Kennels' May Hempstead vs. Maher & R el< J. s
Nellie Bawn; Jeff Martinetfs Slim vs. J. M.
Halton's (names) Said Pasha; Russell. Allen
& Wilson's Julius Caesar v». J. Sheridan s
Forest King; Jeff Martlnett's Bell Foster vs.
J. King's Royal Oak: Maher It Reid's Bad
Boy vs. P. J- Riley's Warship: J. B. Thrift s
Brutus vs. P. Doyle's Wild Monarch: J. ..L.
Ross" Just Tip vs. Connell Bros." Log Boy:
A. Johnson's Bald Eagle vs. E. Geary's "eland;
Jeff Martinett's Bemal Boy vs. J. Dean's Gal
lant- N. J. <T Nell's Pat Rlley v». J. Rownlng-s
Dempsey Lass: B. Geary's Palo Alto vs. Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael
vs Curtis & Sons' Vulcan: Bartels Bros.' Best
Brand vs. M. London's Battle Ax: A. L. Aus
tin's L«s "Angeles vs. F. A. McComb s Miss
Skyrocket; Erwln ft Lyons' Pllrer Wings vs
Curtis & Sons' Terrona; D. J. Healy-s Lady
Claire vs. Pasha Kennels' Reannex.
J A. Rossiter is lmportingth* EngHsh
bitch Real Lassie, by Coco^lne. out of
Here and There, in whelp to Raven Glass,
by Restorer, out of Real Lace. The win
ner of the "Waterloo cup was out of Coco
Wine. •¦' ¦• ¦ ¦'¦•-'•
SPORTS | COURSING | AMATEUR WRESTLING AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB | RACING | SPORTS
bay anld "mnrEit steamers.;
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO. ?
Steamer VMonticello," - • -"v
p-le^No^^elephon^M^'^^"? 1 ***
FARE ..:....,...........;-... ........:.... jo»
home with the money, starting favorites
in the ring. ¦
A very, warm tip. permeated the. atrro*
phere on Dreadnaught, sending the Ar
tillery horse, to the post favorite for the
opening event. The price was perhaps a
disappointment, for the good thing fin
ished fifth. Leipzig, a 5 to 1 chance, never
further back than second, won easily at
the end from, Hiram Johnson, a 20 to 1
outsider. Garbo ran third. ¦
Spencer landed the mile selling run with
Durward, The ring laid 4% to 1 against
the jumper, and after alternating in mak
ing the pace with Almoner, he beat tl)e
latter horse cleverly by a length. Tellnc
the 6 to 5 favorite, could never get to the
front, finishing third. '•¦••"
; Burns ¦& Waterhouse sent Bernota, a
youngster by Take Notice, to the post for
the first time in the two-year-old das.ii,
and he showed to be quite a spry one.
Breaking first; the novice dropped to third
position, then finishing gamely." led Sub
lime out a /length. - Screenwell Lake; :
backed from 20 to 8, ran third. The win
ner was at one time 7 to 1 in the betting.
With Spencer on his" back, Topmast, a
slight favorite over Cormorant for the
mile 'and a sixteenth run, turned up; an
easy winner. Cormorant made the run
ning for a portion of the route, after
which ho began to stop, losing the place
to Morinel. .
Peace, the 8 to 5 choice for the fifth
event, a six-furlong spin, broke away to
a flying start, and was never collared.
Thorpe rode Novla most vigorously, but
could do no better than finish second,
five lengths ahead of Clarando.
The final milo selling run simmered
down to a drive between Grand Sachem
and the favorite. Charles Le Bel. The
first-named horse proved gamest, getting
the decision by half a length.
Handlcapper Brooks yesterday an
nounced the weights for the Palace Ho
tel handicap, at one mile and a furlong,
to be decided Saturday next. They are
as follows:
Bendoran 121
Arbacea 122
Rulnart 120
Dr. Shpppard.........l20
What-er-Liou US
Salvable 115
Buckwa 115
Rosormonde ....:.... 114
Ventoro '.... :.. ..114
Advance Guard...:. .112
First Tenor.. ...... ...115
Sam McKeevpr..- 1101
Satsuma- ....lCSj
Topma.«t ¦. «... 108
Roslnante 108
David 1>nny 107j
Eddie Jones 107)
Storm King 107!
Kapamax -.107|
Uarda 10T]
ImpeHouB 106
Formero I 1 **
First Call. ....;< 103
Dr. Bernays 105
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds
and up: selllne.
490 Towser ion 897 Jael ••••••• J*J
698 Cyril .133 862 Esplrando 13^
¦862 Lady He1015e....13l 800 Almendral 117
...Sir Cassitner....l32 SS3 Momentum 1«
79S Mainstay 130 .885 High Hoe-. 13S
(886) San T0ma5......120 867 Bamboulla .127
. Second race— Three, and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling.
870 On Time 10S 894 Forbes "•••. 1 "
(814)Intrada 10S 870 Billy Lyons ....111
-... Mollie Connors.lOS 870 Countess Clara. 10S
888 Angle P 10S 1.. Grace Cup 108
844 Socapa ...... ....10S 888-NelßOurle 108
844 Charenton '. . . . . . .111
Third race— One mile; three-year-olds; uell
761Rixford ......... 93 BSlJolly Briton...". 93
889 Choteau .104 BS9 Tekla 10*
(889) Essence ?107 •¦' ;• isy*i
• Fourth race— One mile and a sixteenth; four
year-olds; selling. . ',
875 Stromo 107 857 Ulm 102
761 Stuttgart Ji 102 865 Dorr Luis 102
895 Judge \VofSflrd..lo2 SS4 None Such 107
(897) Grand Sachem. .lo2 875 Ace .:[ 102
Fifth race-One mile; three-year-olds and up;
celling. ;'. ¦ : ' . • i
(855)Torlbio ..' ..1091 878 Erwln ..1.:..... .102
(BS3)Scotch P1aid. . ..1031 (551)80und1ee,;........ 97
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling.. : . .
(887)M!ss Marlon ...103 874 Weller ....:..... 99
879 Mamie G 97 (874) New Moon ..... 97
ESO Castake .....102 862 Ciprlano ..." 99
(879)Montallade ..... 99 890 Lady Brlttanlc. 97
896 Lavator ..?... ."..102 ¦* ¦
Selections for To-Day.
First race— San Tomas, Momentum. vßam
boulia. • : .'. ~
-Second race*-Intrada,'» Socapa, > Angle P;
Third racej--Essence, .Tekla, Choteaii. v .'
Fourth race-U ; Stuttgart, Grand . Sachem, : Don
Luis. . 'i>--':i
Fifth race— Torlblo, Erwln, Scotch' Plaid.
Sixth ' race— Miss" Marlon, Castake. Montal
lade.-.., -. -...-.. ; . \ . - - ?•" ¦''
]¦ :.¦"'.- '«•? ¦ ' .' ' -r'/\ .
Founders' Day at Stanford.
Special Dispatch to The Call. . .'¦ .\
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 7.—
The -university '.will 'be' closed next Friday
in commemoratlnon of Founders' Day, the
birthday of Senator Stanford. : In '-* the
evening appropriate exercises will be.held
in the Assembly Hall, when. Bishop-Nich
ols will make the principal address,*:tak
ing; as his~subject- "Character.". - A.musi
cal programme will- precede -tile* address.
Plan .¦.....,.105
Acrobat ..102
Forte ............102
Pat Morrissey:.V.....lo2
Installator ......102
Obsidian : ......101
King Carniva1. :..... .101
St. Cuthbert... ...... .100
Monrovia ¦. 97
Faversham .....97
¦ FJI Estro 95
'Schiller 90
(Buterpe 90
Alleviate ...i.... 90
Constcllator .'. 90
Florablrd 88
I Princess Zelka 8S
ißedwald 83
(Mountebank 85
| Mortgage S5
RrlKardo 33
. Limerick S3
My Gypsy 83
Kalos 83
"Winners of other than a selling purse-»after
weights are announced to carry 5 pounds extra.
. Duke of Mlddlebuns dead. .
Tar Hill, Bannockburn, Fly-by-Nljjht Sea
Lion, Meadovthorpe and Tlmemaker declared.
DEUTZ &
QELDERMANN'S
(AY, FRANCE)
GOLD LACK
CHAMPAGNE
EXTRA DRY.
CHARLEB METNBCXB ft.CXX;^^
?GENTS. - tv Baoramsnto «.. B. F-, CU.
TWO TRIALS ARE
NECESSARY TO
DECIDE A STAKE
CurtisV'Greyhound Commo
dore' Defeats Mountain
;. \ :.-'-v;Beauty..;'..:•.: .-'-v; Beauty. .;'..:•. .;
Pavorites Have a Hard Day at Union
: \ Coursing: Parfc— Hares " ShoW
Great Speed During the
Afternoon.
•
Curtis & Son's gTeyhound Commodore
and A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty met Jn
the deciding course at Union Park yester
day after an eventful day's sport. At the
first attempt they ran up an even score
each, making six points In a course which
took them clear across the field, the hare
being killed just at the escape. They
seemed equally matched in speed, running
stride for stride. Commodore then drew
out. only to be passed later on by his
opponent. Judge Grace sent them back
to the slips. Commodore seemed the less
distressed, and where Mountain Beauty
was favorite before the course at odds
of 2^ to 1, the betting went to even
money. Commodore Justified the confi
dence of the bettors, winning by a score
or S to 1. He led across the field* and
after scoring his points, seemed to have
enough of the running. Mountain Beauty
then took possession and ran the hare
twice across the field. She was so far
behind, however, that she scored only one
point. The hare went through the escape
forty yards ahead of the leading do»;.-
JThe hares did not run strongly during
the morning, but In the afternoon they de-
Crescent City Races.
NEW ORLEANS, March 7.— Belle of Or
leans and Cheesemlte were the only win
ning favorites to-day. The track was
slow. Results:
One mile, selling, Proteus won, Goosellver
second. Colonel Cassldy third. Time, 1:45%.
Six furlongs, selling. Belle of Orleans won,
Jamaica second, Mlserlcordla third. Time,
lOSfc.
Short course, steeplechase, handicap, Cheese"
mlte won. Van Brunt second, Voyageur third.
Time. 3:17H- -.
Five furlongs, the Lightning stakes, two
year-olds. Sempire won. Choice second, Wild
I'irate third. Time, 1:02.
S»ven furlongs, handicap. Miss Mac Day
won, Prince of Verona second. Gold dOr third.
Time, 1:27.
One mile, celling. Sadie Burnham won, In
dian second, Eva Mcc third. Time, 1:43%.
COURT NOTES.
The suit of Catherine Casey agrainst the
Market-street Railway Company, in whlca
the plaintiff seeks to recover $20,000 dom
agrs for injuries sustained, she alleges, by
being thrown from a car which started
while she was alighting therefrom at
Hayes and Franklin streets, went to trial
before Judge Daingerfield yesterday. Plain
tiff was the only witness examined, and
she testified In accordance with the .ille
grationf of her complaint.
The trial of the cult In which Harris
Becker seeks to recover $10,000 damaged
from Daniel Eisner and Jules C. Gamase
for maliciouß prosecution commenced be
fore Judge Bahrs yesterday. Becker al
leges that the defendants had him ar
rested on. the alleged. charge that he had
obtained $1 from May '¦' Robertson under
false pretenses, and represented himself
to be a representative of the Chicago
Clock Company. Miss Robertson testified
that she had never paid Becker any
money and Becker charged on the stand
that the defendants conspired to ruin him
and had him dragged from a synagog-je
on Yom Klppur. and taken to jail. The
case goes on again to-day.
7fie Tai(or
1110-1113 Market Bt.
tOl-203 Montxomerr »t.
Yon
Can bs
Well \
Dressed A\
without pacing a :
"fancy pric»" far j
your clothes. i
¦ For stylo, fit; i
quality, work- •
manship and, i
moderate prices |
you cannot do as :
well elsewhsre as ;
at Joe Pohelm's. :
Suits from $12.50 j
THE SAN --FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 1900.
" " .^B»SSS»»B*«^^^^^^^^fc^
iWCARTeSs
nil ¦— £-\ Completely eradicated with-
LP II ¦- out cuttlnr or tytnx. Xi
| I I I » J cure, no pay. For Informa-
" " *-"—^^ tion address S. F. RECTAL.
Bjßjßjßjasjßjßji INSTITUTE. 1170 - Market.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
¦w wharf, San Francisco: : .
For Alaskan ports, 10 %. m.,
Mar. J. T. 12. 17. 22. 47. Apr. U
I^P^^SbbbV Change to company's steamers
ITalMi at Seattle.
WL*M w3 For I".ctor!a, Vancouvsr. (B.
1 IC^ibbbU C.). Port Towesend. Seattle.
*^VBflK Taocraa. Ever-tt, Anaccrtes.
and New Whatcom (Waah.).
10 a. m.. Mar. % 7. U. IT. 23.
n. Apr. I and every fifth day thereafter: changs
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and O. N. Ry.; at T%coma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). *p. m.. Mar.
5. 10. 15. ». 26. 89. Apr. *. and every fifth day
thereafter. _ -
For Santa Cms Motrterey. San Stmeon. Cay-
ncoa. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Oavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Mar. 4, 8. 12. 18. fo. »*. M. Apr. 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(Ban Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Lo»
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a, m..
Mar. & •. 19. 14. 18. 22. 28. 30. Apr. 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Enaenada. Maedalena Bay. San Jew* del
Cabo. Mazatlaa. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymaa (Met.). 10 a. m.. Mar.. J. an 1 7th
of each month thereafter. ¦ ¦
For farther Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves th« right Xo change,
steamers, sailing dates and hours of -sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET omCB — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO '-
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a, m.
CIDC * 12 First Class Including Berth
I MflL S8 Second Class and iiaala.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA satis
March 4. 14. »4. AprU J
COLUMBIA sails March 9. 19. 29. April t
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tlckats to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
• 630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
fe»2. FIRST RACE-rFlve furlongs; selling; maiden three-year-olds; purse, $3or>.
Time— U, :13; %. :37Vi; %, 1:04. Tpor start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner,
B. Schrelber's eh. g., by Balgowan-Lemon Blossom. Leipzig found the mud to his llklnir.
Start killed chances of Dreadnaught. Garbo quit. Morello had some speed. Scratched —
Ediardo 104. '
m. AMERICAN LINE.
WX W YOBS. SOtTTH AMPTOM. LONDOH. PASI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York March 7 New York March 23
St. Paul March 14 St. Pau1. ........ April ¦*
Kensington,... March 21 St. Louis April U
RED STAR LINE.
New York ood Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark ...March - 7f..'oordland ....March 18
Westernland ..March 14 Friesland April 4
Kensington ...March 21 i Southwark April U
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St Mlcbael. Dawson City. \
For full Information regarding freight aaJ
passage apply to . • ¦ ¦ -
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies. .
SOS. SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $330.
Time— >i, :26; H, :52; %, 1:18; mile, 1:46H- Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
James Wilson's b. g.. by Luke Blackburn-Amelia X- Winner received a perfect ride. Tallac
is far from being a wonder. Naples showed •'arly speed. * '
Sf>4. THIRD RACE: — Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olrts; puree, $400.
Time — 'J, :2S>i; >*, :52. Good start. -.Won -first three driving. Winner, Rurnn ft 1 Waterhouse's
blk. r., by Take Notlce-Berna. B»mota away well and not- bothered. Parsifal is •• improving
slowly. Start ruined chance? of Spindle.f ?'."' ¦' '.'
SOS. FOURTH RACE— One mil© and a elxteenth; selling; four-year-olds and: up; purße, $400..
Time— l-16. :07; 5-16. :31',4; 9-16. :56H: 13-16, 1:23; mile. 1:41*4; 1 l-16m. 1:50,4. Good start
Won easily, second and third driving. Winner, Carruthers & Shields' eh. g., by imp. Top
gallant-Essay. Winner was much the best Cormorant quit to-day. Going did not suit
Twinkler. - » .
bl*«{. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, »4W. ' " T"
Tlm«— «i, :HVt: H. :<*: %.. 1:16. Fair start. Won easily,; second easily, third driving. Win
ner. Foster. & Hackett's eh. m., by Imp: Mldlothlan-Tjirmoll. Peace away flying. Delay at
post hurt chances. of Lavator.s Nora Ives no speed. Novla might have won with an even
break. Scratched— Chlypa 101. - • - . . . -¦ - *_*! ,. v ' '- -
frf>7. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse,, J350. .; I ; *. ',
Time— U. :2t;. H. .tfl; %.. I:l7;. mile, 1:45V4. VGood start. Won first three driving. Winner,
ir"£l Moran " b - "*•• by Tammany-Belinda.* Sachem . outramed . . Le Bel.;. Jad*. quit early.
wJttneter has lost all form he ever possessed. '. Scratched— Senora Caesar 97, -Terrene " 97.—
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. -COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKON'O. calling at
Kobe (Hlotto). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, »tc • No cargo received on. board .on day
of sailing. . ¦ • • i*S
AMERICA MARTT Wednesday.. March 1
HONOKONO MARU Saturday. March M
NIPPON MARU.... Wednesday. -April »
Via Honolnlu. - ; " < x
RountJ-trlp tickets at reduced • rates.V"For
freight and passage apply at company;* office,
<a Market St.. corner First. . : •..-.>•.-.•
W. H. AVERY. General- Ase*nt. '
fHVfIBISf) T , he p - Murtnosa
|3b *J?ISjL fAil * vla Honolulu anj
l*t***~"* Auckland lor"Syrtn»fr
M ». Wednesday. March 21.
nu^ — 17> &t *P" to- ¦ -«¦« ¦ •¦• t
_ <p®mQ- dn a r 2 ay p. n\ prii *-.
• Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez,
England, etc.; |SlO flrst class. ¦ »¦» ¦ . t
X 0. at>McCKfcLS <i dHus. CO.. Mats.. '14 Montgomen
Pier 7. F«ot Pacific St Frei«MOfcce.32? Market St.
Mr i±C*mi£\f> I JMC HATHOR .1300 Tor
3ERAPI3 .4000 Toi
Monthly -«m-ng for Valparaiso and Hamburg
via Mexican ports . Central, South America, etc.
S. 8. HATHOE 3AIL3 ABOUT MARCH H
t. O. SPKCCKLS A BROS. 10.. t«e.to. 114 >«a!«o Mry «
1 Pl»r n. 1-rr.teht !>«». *X Mmrlr t St.. S.w >>.„ K^
COMPAONIE BI»IBAI,ITRASBATI,*KTIQTnL
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. -^_
Sallin* every Thursday Instead of <^HtF?»
Saturday, trooi November 2. li<93, at w^-wfeif-
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North Rrver. foot of
Morton «t.: LA BRETAGNE, March 8:
L'AQUITAINE, March 15: LA CHAMPAGNE
March H: LA TOUUAINE. March ». rim
class to Havre, }S0 and upward; S per cent re-
duction on round trip. • Second clas» to Ilavre
|45: 5 per cent reduction on round trin. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR -UNITED STATES AND
CANADA » Broadway (Hudson bulldlnir).
New York.? J. T: FUOA2I & CO.. Padflc Coaii
Agent*. 8 ay».. »an Franct-wo «
/J The Sunday Call
¦V FOR MARCH 11, 1900, AMONG OTHER
TV INTERESTING ARTICLES, WILL CONTAIN i
I SAN FRANCISCO'S FIRST DANCING
MASTER. ¦
„ EXPERIENCES OF A SUNDAY CALL
J& REPORTER AS A SALVATION
• ARMY LASSIE.
.THE ROMANCE' OF OLD FORT ROSS.
~~~ HOW TO GUARD AGAINST THE BU-
BONIC PLAGUE.
By Dr. Josephine Elfzholtz, who spent
five years in Inda studying the epidemic
: , ; ¦¦. ¦¦' - — :—: —
HOW TO DRESS THE SCHOOLBOY.
LINES FROM "SAPHO." THE SENSA-
TIONAL PLAY OF THE DAY.
BOOKS OF THE WEEK, BY B. G.
. LATH ROP. _____
— -— FASHIONS/DRAMATIC FEATURES,
¦¦¦¦¦¦;¦ etc. I \[ __/•:;/¦;.;.
JHE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM
:>: -4 ; .. ¦•' ,"' r a i I '¦,¦--.;•"¦: ; /":¦¦: V X ; - : . •..¦': .; 4 - .. '
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ndex. Horse. Weight. |St.
€71 Leipzig 107 2
SU Ulram Johnson 114 a
... Garbo ...:U7 1
S2O Ft Germain 104 o
... Preadnaught II. ...117(11
811 Lew Zara 102 9
7«9 William F 107 5
... YounK Morello 117 7
71S (.arolla 112 8
I-SO Tanr.be 112 4
... Plrle 114 10
Urn.
Km.
2 4"
4 1
1 2
7 H
8 2
6%
9 8
5 S
10 1
11
Km. -
1 1
3 1
2 5
X 1
7 2
S H
9 1
4 h
10 30
5 1
11
1 I Betting.
Str. Fin. I Jockeyß. [Op. Cl. •
1 1H Bullman ...... -3 5
2 3 Ruiz ........... 12 20
3 2 %l. Jones 10 10
4 % H«>nrj' ••• 6 8
B 1 Dingley 5-2 3
6 2 M. Bergen 15 15
7 2 Bozeman 15 20
5 3 Rutherford ... 30 B0
9 1 Thorpe 3 - . 5
10 uO B. Roan... 5 4
11 Cannell ....... 40 60
ndex. Horse. Age. \\elKht.|St.
841 Durward. 6 11l X
S&7 Alnv«ner. 4 J..117 2
S3? Tallae, 4..... US 3
760 I.:zz»lln. 5 109 S
6*l Padre Jose, B 114 10
514 FJerp. 4 107 6
... Byron Cross, 5 11l 9
857 Murculado, a., 121 4
711 Naples, .4 ?...105 7 I
Howard <M; a. ..:... .114 8
Urn.
3 6
••: 1-H
7 4
6 h
10
8 4
9 2
4 '4
.2 2
Km.
2 1
3 4
. 4 2
'• 5*
.92 .
8 4
10
6 h
11H
%m. ¦
23 .
1 h
3 2
4 2
6 h
8
9
7%
5 2
10
¦ Str
in
2 2
3 4
4 1
5 6
6 1
.8 6
9 2
; n
10
Fin.
. 11
2 1
3 6
< 4 2
5 10
6 2
7-2
8 10
9 3
10
I Jockey. |Op.
. Spencer 3~
Ruiz ... t 7-2
Henry 6-5
Morse 15
K. Bennett.... 15
Heinson 10
I. Powell 10
Hennessey ... 10
J. Martin...... 8
Jenkins ...V... 5
Cl.
9-2
6-5
. 12
20
30
15
15
20
10
IK
ndex. Horse. Weight. |St.
... Bernota 108 1
fc?3 Sublime 105 6
*£8 Screenwell Lake 105 3
870 Parsifal 108 7
88! IxjneUtWß 108 9
fc7o Follow Me 10R 2
738 Gaylon Brown ICS 8
870 Imponente. .."ICC 5
... Loyal S IDS 10
esa Fori>*s ..:. no *¦
S7O Spindle 1W 12
... El Karn -...105 11
Km.
3 1
5 1
2 2
6 2
8 V 4
1 1
7%
4 1
10
11
a%
12
Str. Fin.
1 1
2 4
3h
4 1
5 1
6 tf
'.'.'. 8 2
• ... 9 6
10 3
...
Pulled up
| Jockeya. |Op. Cl.
Thorpe 3^ S
Jenkins ?. : 4 11-2
E. Ross. ".:. 20 . 8
Buchanan .... 15 V
Ruiz ? ? 30 30
Bozpman ..... 20 10
J.. Martin 3 8-2
Henry 10 15
I. Powell 30 20
Hennessey ... 20 30
fcpencer ..".;.'.7 3 : 7
E: ?"J0ne5. ....;: 6 . *• 15
Index. Horse. Age. WelKht.jSt.
?77 Topmast. 6 109 4
8M Jlorinel. 6 ?...107 2
SSS Cormorant. 4 112 • 1
BS4 Captive, a 108 6
<857) Twinkler. S 102 6
874 Judge Wofford. 4.. 105 3
»4m.
2 h
4 1
1 S
5 6
.«
3H
«m.
32
2 h
1 6
4 1.
6
5 15
%m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. '. |Op. cT
3 5 11- .14 Spencer ......:| 2 8-5
2n 2'l 2 2%- Henry,. I 5-2 4
11 3.3 3%' E.. Ross | 6-5 9-5
4 8 -'4-5' 4 8 Ruiz I 7 12
6 ?-5 1' 5 2 M. Bencen.....H 12 30
5 fi 6 6 Buchanan I 15 30
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
BSS Peace. 4 1031 1
S?S Novia, 5. ...: ..100f2
SSI Clarando, 4 ?3| 8
SS4 Lavator, 4 1031 7
*7S Mike. Rice, a 11W S
86!) Dolore. 6 106 S
SIS Nora Ives. 4 93 4
795 Jim Brownell, 5.... 98 6
Km.
Mm. %m.
15 15 .-¦•
24 24" .
5>4 2 2.
52 5« '
4 h 4 1-
:8 . g 4
3 h « 1 ¦ •¦
7 2 75 ¦
Str.
1 4
'-. 2 4
3 U
•65
¦ 4 h
« '.4 .
72
•¦ 8 ••'•
Fin. | > v do<;keyß.-.,.)0p.^ d."
1 5 Henrys../.-..... 6-5 8-5 '
2 5 Thorpe 6 6
3>i JU>KUe 6 5
4 5, E.V Rosa.'. :;..;. 2 11-5f
.54 Hennessey' .... 'lo 40
6 2 Buchanan \lO 40°
7 1 J^Martin ', 8 15 ,
¦ % Ranch V 20-100'
Index. Horee. Age. Weight. | St.
adrx. Home. Age. Weight. | St. .•
84J Grand Sachem. 5.. .103) 4
M 2 Chag. Le Bel. 5.... 108 1
850 -Wild Het. S 101 2
862 Jael, i 101 3
761 Sylvan Lans. 4.. .•¦...101 5
BSO Pon*o. 5 »...10« 6
742 Wilmeter. S 109 7 -
BS9 Duke of York 11. 6.10J Left
2 H
4 1 ¦
ZV>
12.
5 2
6 hi
«m.
. E 2
-3 h
•S 2
1 2
•4 4
.6 5
.1 ¦-;
Win.
1 1
8 4
5 2 ''
2 H .
4 3
6 5 «
7: V*
%.m.
Str. Fin. | Jockey. ~|
.11 1 H iHenry i
i 2 4 2 6 Thorpe
* 52' 31' Buchanan' ....
. 3 6 4 h;. J.Dalr-. -..-...
'4 3' B5 Romero
r% 6 6 6 20 . Bozeman ......
iv 7 7 "¦ Spencer .......
V ... ... I. Powell :.:;-..!
. 13-5 . 7-2
.' 2 2
. -,1a: 20
. >B 5
. 30 30
. 6 12
. ;-6; -6 10
. n;7 '.X 7
ndex. Horse. Weight. |St.
€71 Leipzig 107 2
SU Ulram Johnson 114 a
... Garbo ...:U7 1
S2O Ft Germain 104 o
... Preadnaught II. ...117(11
811 Lew Zara 102 9
7«9 William F 107 5
... YounK Morello 117 7
71S (.arolla 112 8
I-SO Tanr.be 112 4
... Plrle 114 10
Urn.
Km.
2 4"
4 1
1 2
7 H
8 2
6%
9 8
5 S
10 1
11
Km. -
1 1
3 1
2 5
X 1
7 2
S H
9 1
4 h
10 30
5 1
11
1 I Betting.
Str. Fin. I Jockeyß. [Op. Cl. •
1 1H Bullman ...... -3 5
2 3 Ruiz ........... 12 20
3 2 %l. Jones 10 10
4 % H«>nrj' ••• 6 8
B 1 Dingley 5-2 3
6 2 M. Bergen 15 15
7 2 Bozeman 15 20
5 3 Rutherford ... 30 B0
9 1 Thorpe 3 - . 5
10 uO B. Roan... 5 4
11 Cannell ....... 40 60
ndex. Horse. Age. \\elKht.|St.
841 Durward. 6 11l X
S&7 Alnv«ner. 4 J..117 2
S3? Tallae, 4..... US 3
760 I.:zz»lln. 5 109 S
6*l Padre Jose, B 114 10
514 FJerp. 4 107 6
... Byron Cross, 5 11l 9
857 Murculado, a., 121 4
711 Naples, .4 ?...105 7 I
Howard <M; a. ..:... .114 8
Urn.
3 6
••: 1-H
7 4
6 h
10
8 4
9 2
4 '4
.2 2
Km.
2 1
3 4
. 4 2
'• 5*
.92 .
8 4
10
6 h
11H
%m. ¦
23 .
1 h
3 2
4 2
6 h
8
9
7%
5 2
10
¦ Str
in
2 2
3 4
4 1
5 6
6 1
.8 6
9 2
; n
10
Fin.
. 11
2 1
3 6
< 4 2
5 10
6 2
7-2
8 10
9 3
10
I Jockey. |Op.
. Spencer 3~
Ruiz ... t 7-2
Henry 6-5
Morse 15
K. Bennett.... 15
Heinson 10
I. Powell 10
Hennessey ... 10
J. Martin...... 8
Jenkins ...V... 5
Cl.
9-2
6-5
. 12
20
30
15
15
20
10
IK
ndex. Horse. Weight. |St.
... Bernota 108 1
fc?3 Sublime 105 6
*£8 Screenwell Lake 105 3
870 Parsifal 108 7
88! IxjneUtWß 108 9
fc7o Follow Me 10R 2
738 Gaylon Brown ICS 8
870 Imponente. .."ICC 5
... Loyal S IDS 10
esa Fori>*s ..:. no *¦
S7O Spindle 1W 12
... El Karn -...105 11
Km.
3 1
5 1
2 2
6 2
8 V 4
1 1
7%
4 1
10
11
a%
12
Str. Fin.
1 1
2 4
3h
4 1
5 1
6 tf
'.'.'. 8 2
• ... 9 6
10 3
...
Pulled up
| Jockeya. |Op. Cl.
Thorpe 3^ S
Jenkins ?. : 4 11-2
E. Ross. ".:. 20 . 8
Buchanan .... 15 V
Ruiz ? ? 30 30
Bozpman ..... 20 10
J.. Martin 3 8-2
Henry 10 15
I. Powell 30 20
Hennessey ... 20 30
fcpencer ..".;.'.7 3 : 7
E: ?"J0ne5. ....;: 6 . *• 15
Index. Horse. Age. WelKht.jSt.
?77 Topmast. 6 109 4
8M Jlorinel. 6 ?...107 2
SSS Cormorant. 4 112 • 1
BS4 Captive, a 108 6
<857) Twinkler. S 102 6
874 Judge Wofford. 4.. 105 3
»4m.
2 h
4 1
1 S
5 6
.«
3H
«m.
32
2 h
1 6
4 1.
6
5 15
%m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. '. |Op. cT
3 5 11- .14 Spencer ......:| 2 8-5
2n 2'l 2 2%- Henry,. I 5-2 4
11 3.3 3%' E.. Ross | 6-5 9-5
4 8 -'4-5' 4 8 Ruiz I 7 12
6 ?-5 1' 5 2 M. Bencen.....H 12 30
5 fi 6 6 Buchanan I 15 30
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
BSS Peace. 4 1031 1
S?S Novia, 5. ...: ..100f2
SSI Clarando, 4 ?3| 8
SS4 Lavator, 4 1031 7
*7S Mike. Rice, a 11W S
86!) Dolore. 6 106 S
SIS Nora Ives. 4 93 4
795 Jim Brownell, 5.... 98 6
Km.
Mm. %m.
15 15 .-¦•
24 24" .
5>4 2 2.
52 5« '
4 h 4 1-
:8 . g 4
3 h « 1 ¦ •¦
7 2 75 ¦
Str.
1 4
'-. 2 4
3 U
•65
¦ 4 h
« '.4 .
72
•¦ 8 ••'•
Fin. | > v do<;keyß.-.,.)0p.^ d."
1 5 Henrys../.-..... 6-5 8-5 '
2 5 Thorpe 6 6
3>i JU>KUe 6 5
4 5, E.V Rosa.'. :;..;. 2 11-5f
.54 Hennessey' .... 'lo 40
6 2 Buchanan \lO 40°
7 1 J^Martin ', 8 15 ,
¦ % Ranch V 20-100'
Index. Horee. Age. Weight. | St.
adrx. Home. Age. Weight. | St. .•
84J Grand Sachem. 5.. .103) 4
M 2 Chag. Le Bel. 5.... 108 1
850 -Wild Het. S 101 2
862 Jael, i 101 3
761 Sylvan Lans. 4.. .•¦...101 5
BSO Pon*o. 5 »...10« 6
742 Wilmeter. S 109 7 -
BS9 Duke of York 11. 6.10J Left
2 H
4 1 ¦
ZV>
12.
5 2
6 hi
«m.
. E 2
-3 h
•S 2
1 2
•4 4
.6 5
.1 ¦-;
Win.
1 1
8 4
5 2 ''
2 H .
4 3
6 5 «
7: V*
%.m.
Str. Fin. | Jockey. ~|
.11 1 H iHenry i
i 2 4 2 6 Thorpe
* 52' 31' Buchanan' ....
. 3 6 4 h;. J.Dalr-. -..-...
'4 3' B5 Romero
r% 6 6 6 20 . Bozeman ......
iv 7 7 "¦ Spencer .......
V ... ... I. Powell :.:;-..!
. 13-5 . 7-2
.' 2 2
. -,1a: 20
. >B 5
. 30 30
. 6 12
. ;-6; -6 10
. n;7 '.X 7"Keith's" finest of street hats at Keith*
opening next Friday jtnd Saturday. \ •
"Just fine!" fays every lady who uses
Anyvo Theatrical Cold Cream. Druggists.*
f RUSSIAN |
I With Mouthpiece |
Z Monopol Tobacco Works S
THOMPSON IS THE MAN.
Bio Grande Western Management
Names Its Isocal Passeng-er
Agent.
Fred W. Thompson has been appointed
general agent of the passenger depart
ment of the Rio Grande Wesiern in this
city. Mr. Thompson has been for some
time .agent of the Rock Island read at
Los Angeles and has '.yon for himself
an enviable reputation among* his fel
low railroad men.
The Rio Grande apency was formerly
under the control of W. H. ; Snedaker,
who looked after both the nassengef and
freight business. When Mr. ' Snedaker
severed his connection with that road to
take charge of the San Francisco agency
of the, Illinois Central it was decided to
divide the Rio Grande agency into two
departments. •
Mr. Thompson's appointment becomes
effective on the ICth of this month. No
intimation has as yet been given as to
the man who will look after the freight
end of the business.
A Big Mortgage.
A mortgage for 15.000,000 was filed in the
Recorder's . office yesterday covering, the
franchise and plants' of ' the ' Standard
Electric Company; the mortgagor' being
the Mercantile Trust Company, of New
York. The 'mortgage also includes -4950
bonds of $1000 each and 200 bonds valued
at $100 each, bearing 5 per cent and ma
turing in 1939. . • ' '. ,';.:. i;¦'¦¦>¦
is put on all linen turned out at this
laundry. Ma^e clean and sweet by the
use of the finest washing materials;
their immaculate whiteness is begot of
methods that will not rot the goods.
Any collar, cuff or shirt done up here is
sure to give perfect satisfaction. To
please our patrons is our aim— and we
never fail to do it.
United States Laundry. Offloe
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20. \-,:
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St
FOR
Unl Li IlUlfltLi
SSan..hip SAN PEDRO
(Built in 1599.)
Capacity 1000 tons. AH modern
conveniences for comfort. Elec-
tric lighted throughout.
Sailing From
SAN FRAXCISCO
NOME DIRECT
May 15, 1900
This company will have Its own
complete equipment for the safe
and expeditious landing: of passen-
gers and cargo on arrival at Nome.
For Freight and Passenger
Rates Apply to
GAPE NOME STEAMSHIP GO.
<H. R. DL'FFIN & CO.. Gen'l Agents.)
10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
SACRAMENTO
POOL-SELLER IS
UNDER ARREST
Charged With Open Viola
tion of the New
Ordinance.
Chief Sullivan Has Secured the Names
of a Number of Prominent Citi
zens Who \7ill Be Called
:.* as Witnesses.
•—
Social Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 7.— The question
whether the pool-sellers can outrage the
moral sense of the community will ' be
tested in the courts., Frank Daroux, the
most defiant of the gambling fraternity,
was arrested this afternoon for selling
pools; contrary to' the provision " of the
ordinance recently enacted as a result of
one of the most vigorous public crusades
ever waged In Sacramento. Daroux gave
bonds for his appearance In court with
B. W. Cavanaugh and George Davidson as
sureties. Chief of Police Sullivan assured
The Call correspondent this evening that
he had secured ample evidence on which
to effect the conviction of- Daroux. It is
understood that the Chief has obtained
the names of a number of citizens, more
or less prominent, who will either have
to swear that they had ¦ dealings with
Daioux in violation of the ordinance or
place themselves In a position rendering
them liable to Impeachment. ; . '. .
However this may be. Chief Sullivan
will continue to take down the name of
every person who enters the poolroom and
attempts to violate the law. The stories
of lives wrecked In San Francisco from
the poolrooms there, as narrated within
the past week in The Call, have had their
counterpart in numerous instances here,
not the least shocking of which was that
where a promising young man from the
country attending a school here was ren
dered insane because of the poolroom
habit.
The principal of the high school has de
clared on the public platform his belief
that boys in. his charge were being cor
rupted by the vire, and an instance is
known where a once prosperous young
business man was obliged to mortgage his
home for all It was worth in order to meet
shortages consequent upon the allurement
of the poolrooms. The passage of the
anti-poolroom ordinance against tremen
dous pressure on the other side was too
hard a battle to put the public in a mood
to overlook violations of the law, and
Mayor Clark and Chief Sullivan have the
backing of the respectable, element in
their onslaught on the vice.
With rare effrontery Daroux has opened
up a poolroom in Washington, Yolo Coun
ty, directly opposite Sacramento, despite
the signed protests of the residents of the
village. He has established a branch at
Sixth and J streets,- this city, and there
the horses and prices are posted. Bets
are made .there In whiSpers in a secret
apartment, .but while the business has
been going on since last Saturday Daroux
has not been astute enough to escape the
vigilance of Chief Sullivan, and those who
have had dealings with him must suffer
the shame of being called into court to
reveal the nature of their transactions.
mut caraoiiM
Hawkins Fights a Draw.
UTICA, N. V.. March 7.— Dal '¦ Hawkins
cf California and : Percy Mclntyre • fought
a twenty-flve-round - dr» ¦»¦ at the Genesee
Athletic Club to-nieht.
Hermann Club.
Hermann Club, composed of , members
of Hermann Lodge of the Independent Or-
der of Odd Fellows, will givn'tlbi llrst en-
tertainment and ball next Saturday night
In San Francisco Turn -Verein Hall.* There
will be good talent and a good programme.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTOKATIVE. INVIOORA-
tor and Nenrlne. * < .* '
The roost wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Orzans for both •jibs.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th« Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agent*
ta Market street. 3. F.— (Send for Circular). ;
Fire at Fall' River Mills.
REDDING, March 7.— Word : reached
here this evening that the drug st^ro of
M. M. Rowley ' and the merchandise es
tablishment of A. ¦W. < Gale at Fall River
Mills, In this county, . had been destroyed
by fl^. The cause of the fire Is un
knows. Nothing ¦ was saved from "the
flames. ' • ¦ -
Avisi* OR- JORDAN'S s»e«
SmUSEUH OF fiHATOHIf
i Q& 1351 KA213? SI- tot- S'ltTX B.F- W. ,
\ Cp The Largest Anatomic*! Mu«cm in the
> ' ,JL U'erid. We»knet-*s c* »ny conirscted (
* 3»J lSl> 6.l'f.r p*-«IU«.tl»«Mr««lnylh'-'j!C;>t
9 fSt"*'! fcpeciaint<»theCo»u. EM. jt JTMV ¦
A J€ff A OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES .
\ WtCfiWftft Coawttttion Cm and ttri>-tly orinW
A m Im)w a T" *" mtnt personally or by l«tcr. A j
\ H y QR #*•.»«• Ctert in ererjr cv« undertakes. '
lßf lie, Write lor buck. PHll.O«or»V«r ,
r * 'if ll* HtMMCK, MAILED FRB3. <A<
1 ft I valuable bosk far mrnj
7 BU JOUDAX A CO.. 10S1 ittrKot Ht..H. F. <
Sudden Death of P. J. Noonan.
A man supposed to be Patrick .T/Noonan
died suddenly at 6 o'clock yesterday, mcrn
ing on the sidewalk opposite Il2l> Vallejo
street. A letter was found on "his person
addressed to. "P. Noonan, Seattle;. Was
hington," arid signed -"William Sinclair.':
The dress of the deceased is that of a sea
faring man, and his appearance Isthat.of
a marine fireman jr *»n;*ln<.vr. ; -
Wanted to Kill Himself.
Claus Alexanderson, a carpenter, was
arrested Sunday night: on Oetavia street,
near Geary. 'by Policeman Wolters, as he
was acting queerly, and when searched a
revolver and three razors were found In
his pockets. He appeared before- Judge
Fritz yesterday and told the Judge that
he Intended to kill himself. The case was
continued ; till to-morrow and meantime
inquiries will be made about him, as it Is
thought he Is not mentally right.
Weak
len.
There Is nothing like ELECTRICITY to put
life vim and vigor into weak men or women.
Dru'es elve but temporary relief; act merely as
a stimulant, but Electricity tiles to all weak
parts of the • body. Imparting nature"s force
thereto and doing the required work surely and
In ¦ a '• permanent manner. If "run down" In
health and strensth you had better try Elec-
tricity' ¦ Use an Electric , Belt, for that is the
best method of applying It: but be sure you get
a good one while you are about It: in short, try
"Dr Pierces." for it is guaranteed to be the
best" Electric Belt on ' earth, v ~-
C3T"Booklet No.-S" free at o'flce cr »ent by
mail for a Sc stamp, tell* all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
*I 0 Market street. SAN FRANCISCO.
68 Tribune Building. NEW YORK.
Chinese Want to Celebrate.
The Mayor received a communication
yesterday from Ho Vow, Chinese Consul,
asking his support and co-operation In a
project of festivity. It is the desire of
the Chinese to celebrate with exceptional
magnificence this year the "F*»ast of the
Dragon." which falls in the first week in
June. The plan includes the decoration
of Market and Kearny streets and the
presence here of the Chinese Minister
from Washington, D. C. Secretary Fay
said that there, was little doubt that
the Mayor v.-ould indorse the celebration
as likely to attract visitors.
Shoe sale going on. 717 Market' st., nr. 3d.*
Satisfied With Yost.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 7.—
The executive committee held a meeting
this evening to consider the ratification
of Tost, tho new football coach. There
has been a great deal of discussion -con
cerning his appointment. Mr. Yost is not
well known on this coast. Manager Gil
derpleeve and Captain . Burnett appeared
before the committee and explained
matters. : The : new coach has splendid
recommendations, and his appointment
ratified. The tide is turning in his
favor, and he will be well received when
he arrives. :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEELS OF JUSTICE
COMPLETELY CLOGGED
Felony Cases .in the .Police Courts
Cannot Be Heard for -Lack of
.'._;• Stenographers.
The wheels of justice are completely
clogged In Judge Mogan's court owing to
the lack of stenographers. The case of
L. R. Hare, charged with felony embez
zlement by Dr. St. D. Gvnlais Walters,
had been peremptorily set for yesterday
morning,- and there were five other felony
cases on the calendar. The Judge said
he would have to continue them, as the
Hare case would take over a week, and
the attorneys raised a howl of protest.
Attorney Stafford offered to pay for a
stenographer if a case in which he was
interested was transferred to another
court, and Judge Fritz consenting, it was
transferred to his court. The other at
torneys objected to being mulcted in the
cost of a stenographer, and. accompanied
by the Judge, they called at the Mayor's
office to lay the matter before him, but
he could not be found. Another attempt
will be made to-day to see him.
AUTOMOBILE CLUB
IS NOW A REALITY
Meeting at the Cliff House at Which
Temporary Organization
Is Effected.
San Francisoo now sports an automo
bile club, and from the interest evidenced
at a meeting held at the Cliff House yes
terday the horseless vehicle will hence
forth be championed by an organized and
Influential body. At the meeting yester
day S. D. lingers. 21 Taylor street, was
elected temporary chairman and B. L.
Kvder RlO Leavenwnrth street, was ap
pointed secretary- After temporarily or-
HENRY MOREY WROTE
A FAREWELL LETTER
"If Carbolic Acid Works All Right
You Will Find Me a Corpse"— lt
Worked All Right.
To the Corinor, City.
BAN FRANCISCO Mar 6th 1900
Dear Sir: If Carbolic Acid works all right
you will find a corps in room 30 605 Uroadway
as I Intend to take it to-night my health has
completely broken down and has been so for a
number of years I have no hopes of Its recov
ery I am a little over -seventy-three years of
age" have no friends to notafy. Resp
H. ¦V. M.
Coroner Cole received the foregoing let
ter yesterday morning. The writer, had
not placed a stamp upon it and tlie en
velope was marked, "Postage duo. 2
cents." The Coroner had hardly finished
reading the letter when a telephone mes
sage came In announcing that Henry V.
Morey was lying dead in his bed in room
30 at 605 Broadway, and a half empty bot
tle of carbolic acid was on the table near
the head of the bed.
Morey was a waiter by occupation, and
until recently had worked as an elevator
attendant. He lost his position and failed
to secure another. One by one he pawned
all the spare articles of his wardrobe, and
then having no money left, except suffi
cient to buy a vial of the cheap poison, he
wrote the letter to the Coroner and killed
himself.
The inmates of the cheap lodging-house
In which he had resided for a long time
noticed that the old man had been grow
ing more and- more despondent, but as
they were Impecunious themselves, all
they could offer him was their sympathy,
which, though sincere, was not sufficiently
substantial to afford him any relief.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
NATIONAL CLUB MAKES
TWO MORE GOOD MATCHES
Heavy-Weight Lawler to Meet Win
ner of Stelzner-Butler Fight.
"Parson" Bean to Battle
With Green.
Manager Gibbs of the National Ath
letic Club has recovered from the shabby
treatment accorded him by "Paddy"
Purtell and is busily engaged securing
talent for boxing shows to be given un
der the auspices of his club. Last night
he matched Charles Lawler, an Eastern
heavy-weight, to meet the winner of the
Stelzner-Butler contest, and he also se
cured the signatures of "Soldier" Phil
Green and Willard Bean to an agreement
to fight twenty rounds as a preliminary
to the main contest. Both contests will
be held on the evening of March 30 at
Woodward's Pavilion, and, if judgment
can be based on the past performances of
the men, some great sport will be seen.
Lawler is -highly recommended by
"Billy" Delaney, the famous trainer. De
laney has *een Lawler perform in the
ring and in private ana has a high
opinion of his ability to inflict as well as
to withstand punlsnment. The Eastern
heavy-weight arrived here a week ago
in search of a match, and his credentials
were so good that the National Club
management decided to pit him against
either Stelzner or Butler. Lawler stands
over six feet high, has a heavy frame and
the appearance of a man who can handle
himself well in the ring.
The bout between Green and Bean will
arouse great interest in pugilistic circles,
and is therefore an excellent preliminary.
Green has met and defeated some clever
middle-weights during the past year and
has shown in his contests that he is a
man who can give and take a beating.
Bean, who is better known as the "Par
son," because of his eloquent discourses
on Christianity in the streets of various
cities, has met such men as Joe Choynskl,
"Paddy" Purtell. Jim Williams of Utah,
Jack Douglas and other well known
"scrappers," but has never had a decision
go apainst hfm. He is an exponent of
physical culture, and although he looks
meek and harmless in street attire, when
stripped to the buff he discloses muscles
that would be the envy of strong men.
He broke both "mitts" when he fought a
twenty-round draw with Purtell, but they
are in good enough condition now to bat
ter a door down. He has been a teacher
of boxing, lecturer, preacher, elocutionist
and actor, but he relies on his ability to
battle with his fists to gain a livelihood.
Joe Butler, tho Philadelphia heavy
weight, is training hard at Blanken's Six
Mile House for his battle with Jack Stelz
ner. which Is to be fought before the Na
tional Athletic Club on the 14th lnst. He
Is in splendid fettle and feels confident
that he can defeat the local man. He has
Improved materially since his last visit
to this city, when he defeated Frank
Slavin In short order. "Crockey" Boyle,
the lightweight, who Is to meet Harrera,
the clever Southern California boxer. Is
also training at the same place. Stelzner
is preparing for his contest at the end
of Haight street, and la reported to be
ready to enter the ring at a minute's
notice.
The Reliance Club of Oakland will hold
a boxing show night. A fine programme
has been arranged consisting of two try
outs for preliminaries, a battle royal be
tween fix colored men, and two ten-round
contests for decisions. The. main events
will be between Charles Johnson of San
Francisco and William Martin of Los
Angeles at 135 pounds, ringside, and
Jack McMahon and George Simpson at
137 pounds. x- r . .-¦;¦;.¦••„
NEW DEPARTURE
AT THE GRAND
THE Grand Opera-house company
has taken yet another tack. This
time it is musical farce and it turns
out to be a very brisk and enjoy
able show.
There is not much to "The Girl From
Paris" besides a very broad German dia
lect part, but It was one of the fad hits
in New York and. ran an unconscionably
long time at the Herald-Square Theater.
In the original cast Louis Mann made
an extraordinary hit on entirely new lines
¦and drew an excruciatingly funny, charac
ter In the part of Hans that was abso
lutely fresh to the stage. Except for this
single feature there is nothing memorable
about "The Girl From Paris." and 1 even
found myself forgetting the fact that it
had musical attachments. In point of fact
the music is insignificant and the merit ot
the performance must rest with the action
and comedy. ¦
Tiie Morosco people. do very well indeed
when it Is remembered that they are
comic opera specialists, and there is
enough g? to at least two of the parts to
make the performance move along very
pleasantly.
Edith Mason does not make an exactly
sparkling French girl, but she contrives
to Imitate her Insinuating wiles with a
sort of mock abandon that might in spots
be taken for the real thing.
A positively chilling sobriety overtakes
her, however, when she Is not busy with
her lines and the same is true of Persse.
who as the explosive major (an imita
tion," by the way, of the New York pat
tern which was itself an Imitation of the
major in "The Gaiety Girl"), utters his
lines between fits of frigidity that take
somewhat from an otherwise clever char-
There is always the need of by-play in
these frivolous jlm-crack comedies, for
they have not enough sound humor to
them to admit a pause in the action. The
stretches of soliloquy by Mr. Wooley in
particular turn the whole thing toward
dullness, and when he comes pn the stage
one immediately begins to be bored.
Edwin Hanford, in an extravagant
French caricature, is capably comic and
carries out his part with more consistency
than any one el?e in the cast. Wolff shows
some mettle in the grotesque part of Hans
the inn-keeper, and his conscientious work
bears good results. The part of Amos
Dingle, which had a value in the original
production, was thrown away on Nace
Honvil'.e, and the presentation of Ruth,
the servant, which was given an interest
in New York that was the talk of the
town, was limited by the modest ability
of Miss Matilda Watt, who is evidently a
beginner. PORTER GARNETT.
3LAN GALBRAITH AND SOPHIE SUTHERLAND MAKING PORT.
MIDWEEK NOTES
OF THE THEATERS
e=y=3 HE Old Homestead" will continue
¦ at the Columbia for four nights
.- ][¦ (Including Sunday) and Saturday
matinee. Next week the New York
success, "Because She Loved Him So,"
will be produced with the original cast,
including J. E. Dodson, Annie Irish, Kate
Meek and Francis Carlyle. "Because She
Loved Him So" was written by William
Gillette, the author of "Secret Service,"
which is a recommendation In itself.
"Darkest Russia" will finish the week
at the California. Next week "The
Brownies in Fairyland" will be presented
on Thursday night, March 15.
"Never Again" is easily worth the two
week run which It will be given at the
Alcazar. "Diplomacy" is in preparation.
"The Girl From Paris" continues to
draw at the Grand Opera-house, and in
consequence will be continued all next
week.
The -Tivoll -will continue Its production
of "The Idol's Eye" indefinitely. Its
drawing power seems to be on the In
crease.
The Orpheum has an unusually strong
bill, headed by the Smedley Sketch Club,
a company of clever children, and the
troupe of Arabian gymnasts.
This afternoon the second of the series
of the Wagnerian concerts will take olaco
at the California Theater. "The Flying
Dutchman" Is to be the theme. To-nior
row a double bill of "Lohengrin" and "Die
Meistersinger" will be given. Mme. Of-d
ski and Messrs. Bispham and Damrosch
will be heard in three concerts next week.
The dates and programmes are as follows:
Monday, "Das Rhelngold" and "Die
Walkure"; Tuesday, "Siegfried" and
"Goiterdammerung"; Wednesday a mis
cellaneous concert, of which the pro
gramme is to be announced later.
Mr. Damrosch's lecture recitals arc ex
citing a great deal of Interest. The r<»
maining dates are as follows: Saturday,
"Siegfried"; Monday, "Gotterdamn;er
ung"; Wednesday, "Passifal." and.Satur
day, March 17, "Tristan and Isolde." The
recitals take place at Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s Hall at 3:30 in the afternoon.
To-night Sig. Abramoff will give a con
cert at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall. He
will be assisted by Ferdinand Stark and
quite a corps of singers.
Some of the faithful friends of the Lam
bardi Italian Opera Company, which af
forded so much pleasure last year, will
be glad to learn that their leading tenor.
Sig. Badaracco. has returned and will be
heard in concert at Sherman, Clay & Co.'i
Hall on Friday night. Signoras Barduoci
and Pollettini and Signor Wanrell are on
the programme. . ...y
A Wonderful Exhibition.
Norris & Rowe's big trained animal
shows entertained two large audiences
yesterday at the Mechanics' Pavilion. If
one could believe In the marvelous stones
told In Arabian Nights of how Princes
and Princesses were, by some magical en
chantment, turned into ponies and other
animals. It would be easy to understand
the almost human intelligence with which
the animals of Norris & Rowe's shows
are gifted.. A believer In these remark
able tales could readily understand how
Snowflake had been a warrior bold of
noble birth, transformed ' by some evil
genie into this smart little pony. The
imagination in this channel, could trace
another life for each of the beautiful ani
mals with this wonderful show. The per
formance can be viewed as another Illus
tration of the power given to man at the
creation over inferior but hardly less lov
able animals. The show is a meritorious
one. and every boy and girl should see it.
Performances will be given dally at 2:30
and 8 p. m. throughout the engagement,
which "runs .until March 18.
WHEELER SAYS TRACK
TEAM MUST GO EAST
Enthusiastic Meeting to Discuss the
Project Is Held in Hearst ~
Hall.
BERKELET, March 7.— President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler of the university has
declared that the track team must go
East to compete with the Eastern col
leges, and since the president has taken
such a deep interest in the matter it Is
certain to go through. President Wheeler
made his positive declaration In favor of
the project at the students' rally at
Hearst Hall this evening.
The rally had been called for the pur
pose of raising enthusiasm and money,
and President Wheeler was invited to be
present. The meeting was presided over
oy Uernara Miller, manager of . the 'U7
track team. There were yells and music
and then a lot of five-minutes speeches.
tverett Brown, who has done more for
student athletics than almost any man
ager that the university ever had; C. E.
ililler, a member of the students' athletic
committee; Fred Dorety. president of the
Associated Students; Ezra Decoto, present
track manager; William Drumm. the fa
mous sprinter; John R. Glascock. ot the
alumni; Arthur North and President
\\ heeler were the speakers.
"The track team must go East," said
President Wheeler, and then the yells and
cheers were deafening. "I want the West
to show the East how to do track ath
letics," continued the president. "I want
you to show the East that we are civilized
out here, and this is one of the best ways
to do it. From what I can hear we have
the best track team that the University
of California has ever nad. and I say the
team must go East." Manager Ezra De
coto explained the financial situation— how
it was expected that $4500 would be neces
sary for the trip, of which $1500 would
com©, from gate receipt*, $1500 from the
aiumnl and an equal amount from the
undergraduates. William Drumm said
that the university had a better track
team than it had in 1595, when the first
team went East and made such a good
impression. He declared that the present
of 3 ?^ aWe tO d 0 better than that
Manager Decoto has received a tele
grcm from Yale fixing- a meet for May 5.
ganizing the president, secretary, J. M.
uilklns and others addressed the gather
ing. All Joined In cautioning owners of
automobiles not to abuse the privileges
granted them by the authorities, ana
pointed to the fact that a few months
hence will Bee the automobilists' * worst
enemy, the horse, ready to evenly divide
the road with them, as he does with the
bicycle, and not leave the entire thorough
fare for the use of the puffing vehicle.
After the horse has decided that life is
safe within a reasonable radius of the
machines the speakers said that the little
prejudice that now stands against the
automobile wll! vanish and further privi
leges will be the result.
During the week Mr. Wiltons and Hiram
T. Bradley will procure a suitable meet
ing place for a meeting to be held early
next week. Those whose names appear
on the club list are:
O. N. Owens. 2531 Oetavia street, San Fran
cisco: Hiram T. Bradley, 364 Fourteenth street,
Oakland: James K. Cambridge, r37 Pacific ave
nue, Alameda; C. H. Howard, 107 New Mont
gomery street. San Francisco: A. G. Wlrtand,
Palace Hotel: E. D. Ilosenbaum, Palace Hotel;
William Hidden. 717 Jones street: S. Good
enouch, room 325. Parrott building; T. J.
Sparks, room 2T3, Parrott building; J. 11. Wil
klns. Cliff House: S. D. Rogers, 21 Taylor
ftreet; Hyron Jackson, Sixth and B'.uxome;
Chsrles E. Mocre, First street; Professor J. B.
Mecheeley. Franklin street, near Durant. Oak
i? nJ r : W " U EI1|O «. 21 New Montgomery street;
B. Li Itj-der, M 0 I>avenworth street; W. J.
\\oolsey, 157 New Mcntcomery street; Herman
Oelrichf. corner Pine and Jones streets: T. H.
L«wn, 21S Sansome street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 1900.
NEARLY WENI
TO THE BOTTOM
IN HEAVY GALE
Overdue Schooner Sophie
Sutherland Reaches Port
After Rough Voyage.
— ? —
Mail Steamers Sail— The Missionary
Barkentine Morning Star Arrives
Prom Carolines — Sealers
Doing Well.
The British rhfp Clan Galbraith and the
schooner Sophie Sutherland came In over
tne bar in company together yesterday.
The voyages of the two vessels were as
erectly opposite In character as could
we.l be imagined. The Clan Galbroith
made a very- fast run of fifty live dc-ys
-rom Newcastle. N. S. \\\. while the So
phie Sutherland was seventy days coming
T ™ m E1 Triumf o. in Central America. The
snip had a fair weather passage through
out, while the schooner lost her deck load
and had to up-helm and run before the
gale in order, to keep ircm going down,
i.-c Oa.oraith comes into port in fir E
tc.ass order, while the Sutherland Is leak
ing and will have to go on the dry dock
for repairs.
The Sophie Sutherland left El Trtumfo
on December 'Si last, and for over a month
nothing but light and baffling winds were
met with. On February 6 a very heavy
gale was encountered. The schooner was
thrown on her beams end. and 120 cedar
logs that formed her deck load *vere
washed away. The vessel was finally go*
before the win-J and an examination was
made by Captain Schroder. He found f.ve
feet of water in the hold, the stores near
ly all destroyed, the salt water mixed
with the frcsli water and other damage
done. For five days the Sophie Sutherland
ran before the f,ale. and by that tlmf th"
water had been pumped out of the hold
•nd the vessel was once more manageabi*-.
The schooner was so long oven Vie that
20 per cent reinsurance was paid on her
by pome of the owners.
Z he missionary barkentine Morning Star
arrived from the Carolines yesterday after
a fair run of forty-three days. The voy
epe was uneventful and the captain re
ports everything quiet at Kusale and Rule.
The Morning Star will lie up for a month
or so. and will be thoroughly overhauled
and mad* ready .for another South Sea
Island cruise.
The mail steamer Australia sailed for
Honolulu yesterday. She took a full car
go of gen»ral merchandise, but not many
rafsengfrs*. Those in the cabin were:
Mrs. E. Balgerir.e. J. H. Belser.T. Brandt.
William McCabe. Miss de Lartigue. Mis-a
A. D. GoecklvT, C. A. Jacox, Miss M. H.
Kront. Mrs. H. J. Maginnlty. W. Murray
and wife. Mr*. T. G. Thrum. Miss E.
Thrum. Mrs. St. D. G. Walters, Mrs. G. L.
Warren. Albert Waterhouse. Dr. E. C.
Waterhouse and wife, Mrs. Grace Watcr
bovse. E. C. Winston.
Th* Toyo Kisen Kaisha Company's
Fteamer America Maru sailed for the
Orient jrcsterdty with quite a number of
cabin pas.«er.gers but very few Chines*' in
the steerage. Quite a number of Mon
golians were booked to leave oa the
ptearoer. but owing to th>e quarantine in
Chinatown they could not get down to the
wharf. In consequence the usual -_rowd
of Chinese down to pee an Oriental liner
fail was missing at the departure cf the
America Maru. The cabin passengers on
the America Maru were:
For Honolulu-H. A. Blgelow. C. F. Ecfcart.
r. V. Orimti-rvwl, Mr*. C P. Grimwood. Miss
C I>- Harfnell. Miss B. Hartwell. Miss U.
Ilartwoll. Mrs. C. J. Hutchirvts and child,
rharlre H. Hulir.e, F. W. Macfarlane. Mrs.
F. W. Macfarlane and two children. Mrs. J.
MPtfcon. Mrs. K. M. Marshall and daughter,
J S Snitrer Mrs. E. A. While.
Fur Yokohama— G. H. Bailey. D. K. Crouse.
Mr« I). >.". Orousp and dauplitcr. ft. F. Doufc
!«* Mre R. T. Douelas. Hii>h Fushikl., K.
Fuk;'i. <~har;ps Freeman. J. IL Fertig. Mrs.
J. H. Fertlc.and child. John Husaey. Mrs.
J.ihn Uufsey. J. Kono, Miss M. I. Patterson,
H:ss Kdith E. Russell, Jlro Sakabe, A. Unger.
Mrr. A. rnirer.
For Koh^>-R. Gill. Mrs. It, Gill. Dr. T.
Takane. It H. Wool fall.
For Na:ra?ski— \V. B. <lillingham.
For Hor-Kkon*— Mrs. K. V. Bookmlller. Dr.
A .'. Clayton Mrs. A. J. Clayton. Mrs. L,. F.
Grant. Mirf Haidee Groves. Mrs. W. W. Gil
bert. Mrs. W. E. <51eason and child. Professor !
Mor.preni Ac La«somm. Mrs. Montrreni de Las- ¦
fiomr.i. Miss G. de Lasfomm, Mrs. XL Stanford,
Mis* Alice S Warn. Roswell Skeel Jr.. Mrs.
RosweJl Pkeel. Miss S. L. SctaWCttS. H. F.
Seymour. H. S. Tittle. George Thomas.
The schooner Sparrow on her way to
Eureka pnpped the sealers Mary Taylor,
with 550 skins, and the E. N. Paint, with
138 pelts. Judging from this the sealing
fleet on the coast is doing well.
Th«* steamer Walla Walla sailed for Pu
ret Sound yesterday. Soon after she got
away from the wharf a stowaway was
found and put aboard a fishing smack. !
Thf> fishermnn demanded $1 boat hire,
and Captain Cage had to pay it in order
to get rid of the nin.
SPECIAL
.:bargains::
Dress Department.
2 cases 34-inch all-woo! HOMESPUN 5U1T-
1NG5.......... I9cayard
. 36-inch all-wool CAMEL'S HAIR CHEVIOT SUIT-
INGS, new spring colorings, value for
65c. .50c a yard
45-inch all-wool GRANITE SUITINGS, new spring
colorings. 75c a yard
50-inch two-toned all-wool VENETIAN CLOTH,
value for $1.25 .». . . 75c a yard
Silk Department.
TO CLOSE — 10 pieces genuine French all-silk
MOIRE ANTIQUE, regular $1.50 quality, to be
closed out at. 75c a yard
75 pieces 24-inch all-silk TAFFETA, newest color-
ings. 50c a yard
36-inch changeable LINING SILKS...SOc a yard
Full lines of all the new shades VELVETS and
VELVETEENS just received.
Ribbon Department.
2500 pieces all-silk RIBBONS, in colors and black,
Nos. 7, 9, 12 5c a yard
100 dozen pique STOCK COLLARS, regular 15c
each 3 for 25c i
50 boxes silk RUCHINGS reduced to I2|c a yard
75 dozen 2-clasp French pique sewed GLOVES,
in black, self and white embroidered backs, all
sizes, greens only, regular $1.25 glove f0r. . . .
. .75c a pair
60 dozen genuine French kid pique sewed GLOVES,
gusseted fingers, self and black embroidered
backs, in new tans, reds and browns, all sizes, a
regular $1.50 glove at $1.00 a pair
c. curtin;
911 arid 913 Market St.
llAlj-Hi r^'i* :^^^ ! •
THE PROPER DOMESTIC
FINISH
*^"^y7r~**
Specialists for Men
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
Pay when well. Advice and orlvate book
free, office or mall. Home cures. Estab-
lished 19 years, i No injurious medicine used.
Dr. Meyers & Co.
731 Market St., S. F.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ F"OR THE
W CAPE NOME
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SEIIST ATOR
Will Sail From San Francisco MAY 14th for the
CAPt NOME GOLD FIELDS
Vta Seattle, leaving there May 19th. Subse-
quent trips will be from Seattle direct, namely:
June list. July 21st and August 20th. Paasen-
cers are advised to inspect the Senator befeva
purchasing tickets via other steamers, as her
second-class and steeraze accommodations ara
superior t<> the first-class accommodations on
most of the steamers advertised for Nome.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company has been
running Us steamers to • Alaska— winter and
summer— for 23 years and Is . the Pioneer Pa-
cific Coast Line. For further information In-
quire of J. F. TROWBRIDGE. Ocean Dock.
Seattle.. Wasp. N. POSTON. 249 Washington
St.. Portland. Or. W. PARRIS. 12* West Sec-
ond st.. I^os Angeles. Cal. • GOODAU.. PER-
KINS & CO., Gen. A»ents. New Montgomery
st..ior 10 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
¦^foBSi H^ Finely niustrated »
MVci^ ""<s/ ££if showing Dr. Me-
' J'lSi^ tff- lr Laugh!in'sm:thod
of Electricity for curing pains and
nervous diseases. If you suffer from
Rhrumatism, Kidney Trouble, Vari-
cocele cr any nervo-viial derangement,
you need this book, for it is your
guide to recovery. Costs you nothing.
Send for it
Varicccele and Backache.
Point Arena, Cal., Feb. 15, I9*>
Dear Sin Your Electric Belt treat-
ment hasa'ready very much relieved
the pain In tr.y back and the varicose
veins. I beiitve your Belt to be a
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market Ft., cor. Kecrny. P. F. : Bur-
Clck Block, ccr. Sprln* and Second Sts..
Los An^elPS.
(ft/. "I ALZ y#rrou«i Diataaf— Faillne Mem.
. wa ~ « ory. Sleeplaaanaao. c«a««i by o»»r-
£f -Tf work and Indiscretions. They qulrkta
•\ JatVi <*«'* surely rastoro Los; Vitality ta aH
I V ~/ or sou ok. and fl& a maa fcr s*uu;. aasi-
k. nsaa of pleijsara. Pravent Insanisyjuri
I ' ii WV ' I'll ' I it tak-s. in time. Th*ir
nte allows jrametiiata Improvement and aSecta CuiUS
whers all others fail. Insist qpon having the cenaiae
Ajax Tablets. Thoy bars cared thousands and will
cora yoa. W* si»» a positiTe written guarantee to •?•
fort a carts In each case or rofosd the money. Pno*
KA fit • Per P<M&wm. or nix packages (mil treat*
Wll CIS. mnntl for 53.50 by mail, la plala * rcpter.
npoa receipt ofpric». Circafurn 1 no.
AJ AX REMEDY CO.,. 7 ? ! SS»?35 8 -
For sale In S. F. by Leipniti & Co.. Xo Per-
centage Drug C0... 0wl Drug Co.. S. F.. Oakl'd.
DILBALL'SIitLNYIGORATORg^y
five hundred rcwanl (or any Jfca^BJl
case we cannot cure. This eecret |^™
remedy ¦ stops all losses in 24 jl^g "_ yt!
hours, cures Kmlsslons. Impo- •JBBm OH*"
tency, Varlcocele, . Gonorrhoea, liil-l ffin'i
Oleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost gj/m ail
Manhood - and all wasting effects -Wy jw*&i
ot - self -abuse or excesses. Sent r-r -— — - — - - ' ¦ -
sealed. ¦ $2 .» bottle; 1 - bottles. *5; nuaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 535 Broadway, ¦ Oakland, Cal. Also
lor sale at 1073H Market st.. S. F. ¦ All" private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
5
.Apv^Tiap.TifrrrrJTs.Little Sisters* Infant Shelter. -
There will be a meeting to-day of the
members of the Little Sisters* Infant
Shelter at the shelter on Minna street,
near Sixth, when the officers will present
their annual reports, showing what was
done during the past year.
Incredible but True.
Passengvra on tha Cnlon Pacific "Overland
Limited" can leave San Francisco fourteen
hours later and arrive In Chicago nearly fivs
hours earlier than by an*- other througra car
line. D. W. Hitchcock, Gen. Agt., I Montgom-
ery st.. a. f. ~~V- *
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wide-vestibuled Pullman tonriJt
sleeping cars via Santa Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Cfcicaco and Kansas City every Sunday,
"Wednesday and Friday. To Boston, Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louts
every Sunday. To St. Paul every, Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office, 623 Market street.
About all that is known of the situation in South
Africa is that Roberts has his army lined up along
Modder River and the Boers are entrenching them
selves in front of him. In Joubert's army they are
singing camp-meeting hymns and Roberts' men arc
whistling "One More River to Cross."
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Old Homestead.
Ca 111 on.sa— * "Darkest Ruseia."
California— Operatic concert this afternoon.
Tlvoli— "The Idol"* Eye."
Orj hcum — Vaudeville.
Grar.J Opera-house — "The Girl Frum Paris."
Alcazar — 'Never Acain.",
Chutes. Zi*> anJ TLealer— Vaudeville every afternoon and
even:ri£.
Olymjjia. corner of Mann ar.'l Kddy streets— Specialties,
rman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital Saturday afternoon.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
I 'ttkiand Ilace Track— Kacee.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A HALF OF '67— D. I. 1., City. A half
dollar of 1557 does not command a pre
mium. Dealers charge from 75 cents to
Jl 10 for such coins. frr
A GERMAN THALER— R. W.. City. A
German thaler of 1846 does not command
a premium, and • the same may b« pur
chased from Jl to Jl 35.
A SILVER DOLLAR— X. M. E.. Eureka.
Cal. A silver dollar coined In the United
States in ISPS is worth one dollar, for it
does not command a premium. ¦ -".„¦ .•«¦'.
STATE MINERALOGIST— J. H. 8., St.
John, Glenn County. Cal. .Th« State Min
eralogist has his office In the State Mining
Bureau, ferry building, San Francisco.
Communicate with him In regard to In
formation desired about oil wells.
ARE AMERICAN'S— T>. M.. City. Chil
dren born of foreign parents in the United
States are natives of tbe United States
and Americans so far as that name d^sisr
nates persons born in the Union of States.
When such children attain majority. If
the parents in the meantime do not be
come citizens of the United 'States, they
may choose to be American citizens or
citizens of the nationality of the father.
It is rather an odd result that a. war. begun in the
name of humanity on behalf of the Cubans should
have had the effect of leading up to what promises to
be a general slaughtering of the Filipinos, who had
nothing whatever to do with the oppression of the
Cubans.
CHINATOWN QUARANTINED.
police authorities should be mindful of the
effects of a groundless scare about bubonic
plague in Chinatown. Science leaves no uncer
tainty possible. The bubonic microbe has been iso
lated and identified, until H »s as easily recognized as
Mount Tamalpais. Our local sanitary i authorities,
acting with the Federal quarantine officers, ought to
be able at once to settle the cause of the "suspicious
death" of the Chinese which caused the quarantining
of the whole Chinese quarter. This should be done
promptly and there should not be here the needless
repetition of the scenes in Honolulu, where science
abdicated control to reasonless fear.
Burning buildings and destruction of property will
not stop the plague if it be present. It was very active
in the Chinese quarter of Hongkong a few years ago,
and the microbe was identified by the Japanese bac
teriologist, Kittisato, and the pestilence was stopped
in ten days by drenching the whole quarter, streets,
houses and all, in a solution of caustic lime. We are
sure that the highly intelligent Chinese Consul. Mr.
Ho Vow, and the Six Companies, will readily co
operate in such a cleansing of our Chinatown, plague
or no plague, and it should be had any way.
This peculiar Asiatic pestilence may be expected to
make a sporadic appearance in every country that is
in commercial communication with the Orient, es
pecially where an Asiatic population is domesticated
under such circumstances as to propagate it. There
are diseases that appear in all crowded populations,
which seem to serve nature's quite benevolent pur
pose of keeping the population down to the food sup
ply. When these diseases appear they prove to be
largely racial, as this plague is, and experience with
it proves that Occidental races are but little subject to
it. They have their own racial diseases to admonisri
them that they are mortal and must not crowd to
gether too closely. Consumption and typhoid,
diphtheria and scarlet fever, are constantly present
among them, performing the same office that the
plague does among the Asiatics,
Care should be taken here not to make use of a
groundless plague panic to effect purposes in China
town that lie far away from its sanitary condition.
San Francisco does not care to turn trade away and
scare the whole country to a diversion of commerce
and travel for a cause that may have no existence, or
that, if it exist, can be quickly identified and removed.
Precautions are always praiseworthy, and no one finds
fault with their promptness, but certainty is requisite
and should be speedily reached.
It is the testimony of science and experience that
in climates like ours, if indeed there be any other as
excellent, the immunity of others than Asiatics is
perfect. Surely "the immunity from plague enjoyed
by Europeans in China, India and Hawaii becomes
no less when they are in their own racial climate.
Therefore no apprehension need be felt by our non-
Afiatic population, if the suspicions raised by the re
ported death of an Asiatic here should prove to be
well founded. We are sure that our public authori
ties will be impressed by the general demand that they
act with promptness, discretion and scientific accu
racy, to the end that the first alarms of a suddenly
developed situation be not suffered to rise to a feel
ing of panic.
WOMAN Is Neither an ANGEL Nor an ID0L-
She Is HUMAN
IDA HUSTED HARPER'S
Ar>swer
- : '\ to -.
CARDINAL GIBBONS.
ing property In their own name; ther ar«
taking their time about getting married
all this and much more, and yet woman
worship" is the besetting sin of the pres
ent generation. Just think of the good
times our grandmothers missed because
they were afraid the men wouldn t love
them, when, if the dear souls only had
known it, the men would have loved them
all the better for going ahead and doing
as they pleased.
But the great daily goes still further
and declares that "woman Is neither an
angel nor an Idol — she is human.' It
will be an immense relief when this idea
Is generally accepted. To keep up to the
angel standard all the time Is- dreadfully
wearing, and to try to be even a little
tin, god is a strain on one's nerves. Be
sides, it Is very lonesome on a pedestal,
especially if one is fond of gentlemen's
society. Then. too. one gets awfully tired
of playing a part, and we women have
known all the time that we weren't an
gels. It will be pleasanter all around
when the fact is recognized that we aro
only mortal, and then perhaps we will
be treated as human beings.
• • •
Apropos of everything which has been
said thus far, I want to tell a little story.
At our hotel was a beautiful young girl,
educated, clever, thoroughly up to date.
A handsome fellow was paying her tho
most devoted attention, whenever he was
sober enough to do so, and all or us felt
very anxious lest his attractive manners
and lavish display of wealth should wtn
the girl. One evening late she came into
my room. and. settling herself among the
pfllows of the couch, said, "John proposed
to-night: went down on his knees, said I
was the only power on earth that could
save him. and if I didn't consent to b«
his wife he would fill a drunkard's grave.
"What did you say?" I asked breath
lessly. "Well/ she replied. "I told him
that I was not running a Keely cure, but
If he really wanted to be saved from a
drunkard's grave I could give him the ad
dress of several which I had heard highly
recommended." . »• .¦'•
W. & P. BUILDINO PAPER.
: Wind, water ' and > vermin proof. Prepared,
roofing.- 113 New Montgomery st.
MR. KASSON'S TREATIES
/^COMMISSIONER. KASSON, according to re
( ports from Washington, is busily engaged in
'making preliminary studies for a reciprocity
treaty with Italy, and expects to begin negotiating
for such a treaty within a short time. As that coun
try is a producer and an exporter of fruits and wines
and other articles which come into competition with
the products of California, it is likely we shall have
another fight to make for self-protection when the
Commissioner gets through with his work.
Under these circumstances it is gratifying to learn
there is but little chance that the Kasson treaties with
France and with Jamaica will be ratified. It seems to
be now conceded that the opposition to the treaties is
sufficiently strong to defeat them. That opposition
comes not alone from California, but from all parts
of the Union. Even the manufacturers whose inter
ests are not directly threatened by the arrangements
of the treaties have in many instances declared against
them on the ground that they would afford precedents
for breaking down the protective policy of the coun
try, and would lead sooner or later to other treaties
in which manufacturing industries would suffer.:
Mr. Kasson has defended his French treaty by
arguing that we make concessions on only 126 num
bers out of .the 705 of the tariff/ while the French
make concessions on all but 10 of the 654 in their
tariff. He further claims that otir ; cpncessions amount
to less than a' 7 per cent reduction from the tan!?
rates, while the F/ench amount to an average reduc- v
Some of the stories of the effects of the blizzard in
Chicago are as thrilling as a dime novel. In several
cases the cars on the elevated roads were stopped and
the passengers had to get out and walk over the
s!eet-covered ties, with the consciousness that if by
any slip they came into contact with the third rail
they wouid be killed instantly. As a midnight
promenade such a walk could hardly be beaten in the
most adventurous parts of the globe.
It is worth noting that in the whole course of the
fight in New York against Olga Nethersole and
"Sapho" neither Dr. Parkhurst nor Anthony Corn
stock took any part. There seems to be a new era
in New York all round and the old reformers have
been crowded out.
Masc?.gni's dedication of his new opera to "Myself,
with distinguished esteem and unalterable satisfac
tion," affords perhaps the only instance on record
where the recipient of a complimentary dedication
reciprocated the feelings expressed by the author.
Eastern reports are to the effect that Paderewski
is getting bald, but as tickets for his entertainments
continue to command high prices it is evident the
theory that his art depended upon the length and
.ibundance of his hair was erroneous.
If the people of the southern counties cannot get
rnin enough to suit them down there they can move
up into the rain belt and be happy. There is room for
all in this part of the State.
It certainly would be an outrage to destroy our big
trees. They seem to be the only thing about us that
is antique.
/ The prospects of the Liberal party in Great Britain
are brighter than they have been at any time since
Gladstone's death, and the only explanation of the
brightening is that Rosebery has quit the party.
Dr. Blejrert's Angontura Bitters possesses an
exquixtte flavor and Is a sure preventive for all
diseases of the digestive organs.
THE ORANGE SUPPLY.
SEVERE frosts in Florida during the winter have
given rise to fears that the orange crop of the
State will fail this season and that the supply
in the Eastern market will fall far short of the de
mand. On that subject the Cincinnati Commercial
Tribune published recently a short but instructive edi
torial for the benefit of its, readers, reminding them
that the United States is no longer dependent for
oranges upon Florida, but has a source of supply in
California.
After reviewing the history of the cultivation of
oranges in this State, the Commercial Tribune says:
"Only a few years ago a California orange was any
thing but pleasant to the taste, and the prediction was
general that it would be * impossible to produce
palatable oranges on the Pacific Coast. The fruit was
coarse grained and acrid to the taste. The growers
were not discouraged, however, and after years of
trial they have succeeded in producing an orange as
fine grained and palatable as any grown in Florida.
From a commercial point of view the test has proven
a success, and this is a legitimate criterion. In 1898
it is estimated that about 8000 carloads of the fruit
were sent East from California, and in 1899 about 9000
carloads.. This year the shipments will be 14.500 car
leads and will sell for $4,600,000, of which sum about
half will go to the growers."
. In the meantime the Floridians are speculating as
to the future of orange-growing in' their State. The
Florida Times Union advocates the cultivation of
small groves under protection of some. kind. It says:
"Let , the horticulturist mightily enrich and cultivate
one acre, two acres, or three acres, according to his
cloth; reef it up snug and taut as a ship made ready
for a gale: then it will pay him to protect it, ; any
where in the old; orange belt where geology and to
pography have set up a fingerboard. Trim the; trees
up like a Cromwellian Roundhead, low and solid tops,
like the Dutchman's horse, 'low down and wide out,'
trees from which a man can stand with" his .boot
heels on the ground and pick six boxes. Oranges
grown undercover, unvexed by West Indian gales,
unpricked by thorns, juicy with a conserved moisture,
as fine as silk, as luscious asonly Florida can pro
duce—every box knocking a big hole in a Northern
$10. bill."
That 13 perhaps as good a suggestion as can •be
made for Florida, but in the meantime the orange in
dustry of California, carried on in the open airland
free from. danger, of-frosts, is rapidly increasing its
output, and perhaps the;time is not far distant .when
Floridians will be i saved j: the trouble of ; - growing
oranges, as they can get all they wish from .California.
Women's Club to Meet.
The regular monthly meeting of th«
Elizabeth Cady Stanton Club will be held
on Saturday evening, March 10, at *
o'clock sharp, at 771 Halght street, the
residence of Mrs. Clara Foltz. Suffragists
and their friends are invited.
GOLDEN AGES OF LITERATURE.
RARELY, even at any of the greatest universities
of the world, have students been afforded a bet
ter opportunity to study the whole course of
the literature of the nations, .under able instructors,
than that given to the readers of The Call in the
series of articles on "The Golden Ages of Literature,"
now running as a part of the spring course of home
studies.
The design of the series is to take in the whole
sweep of literature, sacred and profane, from the days
of hieroglyphic writing in old Egypt down to our
own time and our own country. The contributors to
the course include Dr. Edward Everett Hale of Bos
ton, Dr. Parrott of Princeton, Professor Palmer of
Yale. Professor More of Harvard, Professor Smith
of the University of Wisconsin, Miss Vida D. Scud
der of Wellesley, and a number of others hardly less
eminent.
Thus far the course has been carried down to the
days of Homer and the Greek epics, so that it has
hardly more than begun. The series as a whole is to
ir.clude thirty-six studies, covering the literature of
Egypt, Assyria, Persia. China, Judea, Greece, Rome,
Italy, England. France, Germany and the United
States. In addition to the comprehensive summary
given by the writers of each paper of the literature
of the age with which the paper deals, there is added
a list of works which students who desire fuller infor
mation can profitably study. In fact, the course con
stitutes a guide of real value to the wonderful story of
the literature of all nations and all ages, and merits
the attention of all who are interested in literary
topics.
Trunks and Leather Goods.^.fv
. "We have the largest line of. good tninka,
' fine valises and sylish dress-suit cases In
the city, and there is no end to the va-
riety of traveling sets, ladles' pocket-
books, card and letter cases, billbooks,
Mexican carved leather goods, cigar cases
and ladles' belts. Sterling silver initials
for pocketbooks at 25, 40 and 75 cents each.
Gilt initials and lettering in gold, free of
charge, of all leather goods purchased in
our store. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
ket street. 3->.* '
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping- Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's Cal. glace fruits and choice
candies back to Palace Hotel, 639 Market.*
NICARAGUA AND COSTA RICA
war fog between the two Central American
rejmblics seems to be for the time dissipated.
It threatened to interfere with the canal project
md cloud international relations with strife and con
lention. It had its origin in- a very old feud in
Nicaragua. One of the early Presidents of that repub
ic was Senor Mora. He had the genius of a states
man and the constructive faculty of a state-builder.
He has had many successors who were not up to his
level in capacity, attainments and patriotism. Among
h.is descendant?, one, Senor Frederick Mora, devel
oped a turn for public life that promised benefit to
his country and led his countrymen to look forward
:c his becoming President of the republic and renew
tng the beneficial work of his ancestor. The factions
that .-ihertiateiy set up Presidents and knocked them
rtown were not favorable to his ambitions and used
every craft and wile to break him down in the con
fidence <>f the people. All their schemes, however,
i\ere abortive and resulted in increasing rather than
iinnnishing the number of his followers. Finall}- Zc
laya and his party resorted to desperate measures.
Senor Mora was in New York, and his enemies
hatched a conspiracy to involve him in infamy. He
»-as charged with counterfeiting the money of Nica
r.-'.pua in New York. Our statutes cognize that of
:t-i]>c. and the men who had charged him with it were
not lacking in testimony to fasten it upon him. He
impoverished himself in a vain defense, was found
guilty and sentenced for a term of years to Sing Sing
penitentiary. After that it was easy to prevent his
pardon through diplomatic representation to our Gov
ernment, and he served his full term. At its expira
tion he found means to return to Central America,
and all there was of the recent war scare was the fact
of his presence in Costa Rica. Zelaya expected re
prisal in any way that Mora could master, and con
sidered the presence of his victim in Costa Rica as
equivalent to a declaration of war. If we don't next
hear of Mora's assassination we may yet hear of a
movement organized around hi? name and the high
reputation of his family which will at once avenge the
\vro:igs he suffered and work changes in the politics
of Nicaragua. While building the canal is pending
the United States have the. keenest interest in all that
* fleets the internal politics of Nicaragua, and it will
be well to keep an eye on the movements of Mora,
for he is sure to be the storm center of the isthmus
for «>omr time to come.
been continually held responsible for con
ditions entirely beyond her control, and
if the approach of the new century fif's
her in rebellion it need occasion no sur
prise. The stronger and more philosophi
cal among women are willing 'still to bear
the responsibility, but they demand the
power which rightfully should go with it.
The weaker and more reckless women are
inclined to get rid of it entirely.
But let this be remembered in this tajk
about divorces, that the vast majority are
obtained by wives because of the short
comings of husbands, and not by meu bf
cause women have failed in their obliga
tions. The statutes under which these
are secured are framed wholly by men. In
not one had women any share; it is men
alone who stand sponsor for their val
idity and necessity,
Cardinal Gibbons says women are trying
to usurp positions for which neither God
nor Nature intended- them. We wish these
had been specified. When first they asked
for an education beyond the "three i's"
they were told that neither God nor Na
ture ever intended that woman should
understand Greek and mathematics. When
they wanted a chance to earn a living
they were warned that God and Nature
Intended woman should only cook and
sew. In fact, they never have attempted
anything outside the four, walls of home
without having this admonition held over
their heads, but they have found that
whenever they could circumvent man and
do the things they wanted to they got on
all right with God and" Nature. -
It seems very strange that. God always
should have selected man as the medium
.through, which to express his revelations
in regard to woman, and that these should
invariably correspond so closely with what
man himself wanted her to do. It was
through direct revelation that woman was
compelled to endure the . horrible degra
dation of which we read throughout the
Old Testament. Joseph Smith received s
revelation which was used to persuade
credulous women into the relations of
polygamy for fifty years. The priesthood
of both the Catholic and Protestant
churches continue to declare themselves
the mouthpieces of God to mark out the
boundaries for -women. Thus far and no
further. The masses of women may con
tinue to be coerced for several generations
longer, but the ranks, are beginning to
break. Ultimately woman will settle these
questions with her own Judgment, L«r
own conscience and her. own God, with
out the services of a go-between. Free
dom of choice, liberty of action — God and
Nature never intended that these bless
ings should be granted to man and de
nied to woman.
Dr. Lyman Abbott should change the
name of the "Outlook" to "Looking Back
ward," as far as its attitude on the fran
chise for women is concerned. The noted
divine traveled all the way to Boston, the
other day, to plead with a legislative com
mittee not to report favorably a bill for
woman suffrage. The burden of his argu
ment was that the majority of women
were indifferent or opposed. Then why
did the reverend gentleman try to prevent
the Legislature from submitting a woman
suffrage amendment to the Massachusetts
voters, which would give the women an
opportunity in the campaign to show
where they stood? Every winter when
this question comes up before the Legis
lature of that State the brainiest women
of the commonwealth appear in its behalf,
and every year the opponents skirmish
around and get a man to plead for them
that the voters shall not have a chanco to
pass upon this question.
Dr. Abbott and the rest of the opponents
have been driven at last to the one objec
tion, that the majority of. women do not
¦want the -franchise, which they continu
ally shout from the housetops. How are
they going to prove this assertion? Hun
dreds of thousands of women have peti
tioned Congress to grant them the right
to vote, but less than a dozen have peti
tioned that body not to grant this right.
In the New York constitutional campaign
of ' 1894 over 300,000 women of that State
petitioned the convention for a suffrage
amendment, but, "although ' the "antis"
made an active canvass, only 15,000 names
of both men and women were secured in
opposition. Every State and Territory in
the Union has its suffrage organizations,
while in not half a dozen are there any
anti-suffrage organizations. In Wyom
ing, where equal suffrage has prevailed
for thirty years, the official statistics show
that a larger percentage of women vote
than of men. The same was true in Wash
ington Territory during the three years
when -women voted there. In , Colorado,
Utah and Idaho the percentage of male
and female voters is about the same. If
figures can prove anything, these ought
to prove that of the women who have de
clared themselves one way or the other
the majority certainly have Indicated that
they do want to vote and will vote when
they get a chance. .. ..
But even if this were not the case, by
what law of precedent do the opponents
of woman suffrage demand that no women
shall have the ballot until a majority ask
for it? When religious qualifications for
voting were abolished it was not done at
the request of a majority, of those who
were disfranchised. When property re
quirements were done away with and the
worklngmen were enfranchised it was not
at the demand of , a majority of these
workingmen. When the ballot wag given
to negro men it was not by the desire of a
majority n< their number. When Congress
conferred the franchise on all Indian men
who would abandon tribal relations" it did
not do so at the behest of. a majority of
the, red brethren. : Now, by what reason
ing must suffrage for women ¦ wait until
a majority; of them actually express a de»
sire for it. when this has not been done in
one single instance in the case of men?
-•¦'•'• ."
A great metropolitan daily expresses
the opinion that "next to hero-worship
our besetting folly nowadays is woman
worship.' 1 •Go to: -how can this be pos
sible when women are ¦ doing everything
under the shining sun which they always
1 have been taught < would alienate man's
affections?, They are being educated in
the' same schools and carrying off the
honors, which naturally must lessen his
respect for them;, they have , dropped the
clinglng-vine role, which cannot fail to
diminish his tenderness: they are compet
ing with: him in business.-, which -is -sure
•to destroy his -chivalry. They are going
in: for athleticsrthey are attending clubs
they are traveling all over the world with
out-a; male, escort. iTheaa are. collecting
and spending ; their own Cages jandhold
¦ ' ,r ...
IDA HUSTED HARPER
NE almost can imagine he sees the
fine political work of . Susan B.
I I Anthony behind that terrlnc ar
y J _ raignment of women by Cardinal
Gibbons last Sunday. It is Just
what was needed to stir them up
on the eve of the National Suffrage Con
vention. The path of the progressive
woman is made so smooth and flowery
nowadays that there is danger of paraly
sis of the fighting faculties from disuse.
It will give her self-complacency a jolt
to hear his Eminence: •¦ : ,;^
I regard woman's rights women and society
leaders as the worst enemies of the female Bex.
They rob women of all that Is amiable and
gentle, tender and attractive, and give her
nothing in return but masculine boldnesa and
brazen effrontery.
They are habitually preaching about woman's
rights and prerogatives and nave not a word to
Bay about her duties and responsibilities. They
withdraw her from those sacred obligations
which properly belong to her sex and 1111 her
with ambition to -usurp a position for which
neither God nor nature ever intended her.
Under the influence of such teachers we find
woman, especially in the higher circles, neglect-
Ing the household duties, gadding about, never
at peace unless she is in perpetual motion,
never at ease unless she Is in a state of morbid
excitement :
Her aftlicted husband comes home to find it
empty or occupied by a woman whose heart Is
void of affection for him. Then arise disputes,
quarrels, recrimination, estrangements, and the
last act In- the drama Is often divorce.
f-I speak thy- sober truth when I affirm that
for the wrecks of families in our: country
woman has a lanje share of the responsibility.
There is a keen .satire in this constant
assertion by the dignataries of the Cath
olic church that the home and mother
hood are woman's sphere when there is
no other institution in the whole world
which imposes celibacy upon so many
men ana women, making homes impos
sible and motherhood out of the question.
The Cardinal has so "mixed those
babies up" that we cannot tell whether
it is the society leaders or the woman's
rights women- who have reduced the sex
to a condition of "masculine boldness and
brazen effrontery," yet the precepts and
practices of the two are as wide apart as
the poles. As -this space is consecrated to
the suffragists, I will take up the cudgels
in their behalf and let the fashion maga
zines defend their votaries. "They are
habitually preaching about woman's
rights and prerogatives and have not a
word to say about her duties and re
sponsibilities." What his Eminence
should do is to run down to Washington
to the Woman Suffrage Convention, now
in session, and hear some of the papers:
"Woman's Work in Philanthropy"; "War
and the Work of Women"; "Conditions
of the -Wage Earning Women of Our
Country" ; "New Professions for Women
Centering in the Home"; "The Duty of
Woman Citizens of the United States in
the Present Crisis." Do not these savor
very strongly ¦of duties and responsibili
ties? The trouble with a great many peo
ple besides Cardinal Gibbons is that they
have no comprehension of what the suf
frage advocates are. striving for. Their
principal argument for the ballot is that
it will give them greater power to dis
charge what they consider their duties
and responsibilities to their homes and to
the State.
"Neglecting their household duties,
gadding about, perpetual motion, morbid
excitement" — that must be the society
women, and yet the same charge is made
against the woman's rights women, and
it- is just as true and Just as false about
one as the other. Mrs. Jellaby, the
famous prototype; of the ' Woman-Who-
Neglects-Her-Home, did it because she
was so absorbed in the heathen of dis
tant lands, and the church always has
encouraged this foreign missionary spirit.
As a matter of fact, households some
times do suffer because women give too
much time to religious duties or temper
ance work or social affairs or club life or
the advocacy of equal rights; and, on the
other hand, there are women who render
valuable services to one or more of these
pursuits and yet reserve always the best
of themselves for their homes and fami
lies. It depends entirely upon the disposi
tion of the- woman, not; upon the nature
of the object which claims her. interest.
'. The general assertion may be made that
homes were- never so beautiful, bo well
appointed,* bo perfectly managed as they
are--, to-day. . The. modern woman could
give her grandmother a -world of infor
mation on- sanitary "plumbing, drainage
and ventilation, prevention of disease, hy
fienlc cooking and correct dress and diet
or chiildren. The percentage of sickness
has greatly decreased and families, in all
classes, never had -so much comfort as
they now enjoy. Any unprejudiced per
son must admit the truth of these state
ments, and at the same time acknowledge
that women are doing a grander work
than ever, before in the . schools, the
churches, the charities, the reforms and
all the varied departments of human ac-
Uvlties.V ¦:<¦¦'¦ ¦ -':-.'-> : " -
¦ "Her afflicted husband comes. home to
find it empty I or - occupied ?by • a woman
whose heart is void of affection for hltn.
Then arise quarrels, estrangement and
often divorce." Well, 'of course we could
give a more unbiased judgment' in regard
to all this if we knew at .what hour the
afflicted husband gof home. and. whether
he was drunk or sober, and where he had
been spending his time previous to his ar
rival. Under the old dispensation the wife
was .-expected ' to- sit patiently, at-home
twenty-four hours out of the twenty-four,
awaiting -her lord's return, and -then ¦to
"meet him with a smile." When it was
not lodge- night it was club night, and
when it wasn'teither he had to go down
street toisee a man, and,' finally, it struck
her that she might as well have her lodge
and club and go around the corner occa
sionally to see a ; woman. > St. Paul told
the wife to learn of her husband at home,
and this is what she learned. ¦¦¦•-•¦
."I speak the sober truth i when I affirm
that for the wrecks of » families in our
country, woman has a large share of the
responsibility." Probably she has. • She
grew tired ; of sitting ; on: the safety, valve
and got off.- Ever since people quit living
in tribes and v divided up into' households
the respectability and responsibility, of the
family.' have been- placed on the woman.
If poverty stared them in'theface it was
because she^was a poor manager. • If ; the
husband i took to drink " it .was \ because his
home was not made pleasant. If the chil
dren ¦>. went 'to i ruin „. it. was because the
1 mother did not train them risht. : She has
THE MARKET-STREET PROBLEM.
1~~) ETWEEN the merchants doing business along
\\ Market street, on the one side, and the owners
*¦ — and drivers of teams on the other, there has
arisen a controversy as to the best means of taking
care of Market street, and incidentally of, all. other
streets paved with asphalt. The horse-owners and
drivers, backed by the Association for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals," protest against the sprinkling
of asphalt pavement, because when moist such pave
ments become so slippery as to endanger teams that
are driven over them. On the other hand, the mer
chants contend that, to leave Market street un
sprinkled entails a large injury to merchandise and a
continuous annoyance of the public by dust.
Each side to the controversy has valid reasons to
support its contention. It is indisputable that when
asphalt pavements are wet they constitute serious
menace to teams, and indirectly to persons; but it
is equally true that in a city so dusty and so windy
as San Francisco it is absolutely necessary to do
something to lay the dust and clean the streets.
There is but one sure solution of the problem.
The Call some time ago directed attention to the fact
that in Eastern and in European cities the authori
ties sprinkle the asphalt pavements with .sand in the
early morning, while they are wet with fog or dew,
and then sweep the sand away later in the day. The
sand serves a double benefit. In the first place it pre
vents the pavement from becoming slippery when wet.
and in the second place it affords a material which
when swept up carries with it all dust or other refuse
of the streets, leaving them dry arid clean for the
traffic of the business hours.
As the practice of sand-sprinkling has been adopted
in nearly all notably clean cities where asphalt pave
ments have been laid, it may be taken as proven that
such sprinkling is a necessary adjunct . ; to" asphalt
pavements: In no other way yet devised is it possible
at an economical cost to settle the double problem of
getting rid of dust I without making the pavements
slippery.
In San Francisco the cost of sand-sprinkling can
not be large, for there is an abundance of clean white
sand to be had with no further cost than that of dig
ging and hauling. It is to be remembered that the
plan is not a novel one, and does not entail the risk
of an experiment. It has been tried in many places
and has proven so advantageous that it is now in gen
eral use in some of the largest cities on the globe.
Certainly something will have to be done, for we can
not expose the merchants and the passers along Mar
ket street to the dust and the winds of the coming
summer without doing something to clean the street
and keep down the dust: neither would it be right to
resort to sprinkling, which would make the asphalt
slippery. There are times and occasions when cities
need sand, and this is one of them.
Address Ml Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
l-LUUCATIOai OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Main ISCS.
I IHTOUIAL ItOOIHS 217 to 221 Steremoa St.
Telephone Main IM4.
neutered hr Carrlern. 13 Cent* frr Week.
Mnjrle- Copied, B Cent*.
Term* hf Mall. Inclndlas PontmtM
DAITY CAI.I. (Inolaillwsr Sunday), one y»«r..M.00
DAILY CALL ilnrluilintr Sandar). O month*.. 3.00
DAILY CAM. (Ini'ludlnu; Snndar), 3 months.. 1..'."
DAILY CALL Ur Sinsrle Month Os<*
MMIAV CALL One tear J-"»<>
MraUUOLY CALL. One Year *-<">
?11 ut*«tß*aatern are ««ihoriii-<l t«i recelre
• abserlßtiona.
famplr coplea vrlll be forwarded nrkra renaeateil
> IKUAU OFFICE 1118 Broadvrar
C. GEOBGI2 KKOCNESS.
Kißiftr Foklsb AdTrrlMnc. Marqnette Bsild-
lac. Chlcnjro.
*K\V IOUK COKHIiSPOMIEXTi
c. U. CA.tiI.TOS Herald Saaarc
SEW YORK HKI'IiKSEVTATIVBI
PEIIBI U'KBSf JK 29 Tribune Raildlnic
cnicAGO sews staxdii
fefarrnaan Hounr: P. O. JK««ra Co.i Crest Jforlh
iru Hotel ; lrcaiuul Hor»«e; Andl t orlom Hotel.
NEW YORK \EWB STAJTDSt
Waldorf- Kntorlm Hotel: A. Brmtiao, SI Cnlon
»ÜB(rri Murray Kill Hotel.
UA&HI\G7«* <T>. Ci OI'FICE. .Wellln**on Hotel
J. r. RSttiaSll. Correspondent.
I»R*\* - M fIFTICE* — 527 Montaromerr. corner of
Oar. open antfl :»::tO o'clock. MOO Ha Ten.
ope* until :»:.'!« o'clock, 'i'.'.'.t McAlllnter. open
rr.UI )»:.t<> o'clock. «>1."1 l.itrkln. opes nnttl
11 :3o o'clock. liHl Mlnslon. open . utll 1< 1
o'rluit. IT-HI Market, corner Sixteenth, open
nnttl v» o'clock. IOUU Valencia, open antll 1)
•'dock. I<>«> ICleventh. open until » o'clock.
-WV. iwoir T*%cnty-»e«-'«uU and Kentucky.
.>("*¦ uutil it o'clock.
tion of 26 per cent. That is a specious and good
showing, but it will be remembered that when the
treaty was under discussion in the Chamber of Depu
ties the French Ministers, with an equal array of fig
ures, showed that all the concessions were on our
side and that the treaty was of vast benefit to France.
It is not .worth while to juggle with the details of
statistics of that kind. As a matter of fact the pro
posed treaty was to admit, to the markets of the
United States a large number of French- products at
much lower duty rates than those fixed by the Dingley
tariff. That would have 'meant injury, if not ruin, to
a considerable number of American industries. Thus
the treaty would have destroyed the universality of
the protective principle. It would have sacrificed
some interests for the benefit of others. Such a pol
icy would of course have been unfair and inexpedient.
There must be protection for the farmer as well as
for the manufacturer, for the fruit-grower as well as
for the cotton-spinner, for the Californian as well as
for the people of Mr. Kasson's State, lowa, for other
wise there would soon rise a discontent. which would
reopen the whole tariff controversy and renew the
agitations and discords that so disturbed commerce
and industry while that issue was at stake between
political parties.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 1900.
THURSDAY MARCH 8, 1900
AUCTION SALES.
By Tij"s. Mad!ean— This day, at 11 o'clock, at 1625 Market
t:r'l. Horsps and Mules.
CAPE NOME
Machinery and supplies.
AMALGAMATORS.
SAVE COIiIV- Kregh Mfg. Co.. t Stevenson
' st. Amalgamators. Band Centrifugal Pumps.
HAND or power machine, that saves gold..- Oa
exhibition 129 First St.. S. F.
' BEACH OOLD CONCENTRATOR. '
SAVES All th« Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
CENTRIFUOAL AM.'LOAMATORS.'
SAVES fine gold. In dally operation at 254
Beale St.. Ban Franctaco. 1 - -¦ ,-
GASOLINE ENGINES.
HKRCTJI,ES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is filling
many orders tor Nome. 141-143 First it.. 3. F.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savlnx Machine. tS Fol-
som street. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
OILS.
RUBRICATING Oil. Cmd« Oil and Gasollß*.
Ensign & mcguffick. 23 stpear st., a. f.
PLATBS FOR SAVrNO GOLD. .*
Schaezleln A Barrl'ise. S Hardle p!ac», oft
Keartiy. between Sutter and Bush streets.
PORTABLE HOUSES. -' "
BT7RNHAM-STANDKFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. 8. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
¦ I,! ft Goid-Beartng Sands perfectly. In eperm-
tlon at 625 Sixth st BYRON JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh cr salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market «t -.
FUMPS AND GASOLINE RNQIMES.
. ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC. '
BAKE*-* HAMILTON. Emrtnes andßoiler.:
lowest prices on the coast. Pine & Davis sts.
TENTS AND OVERS.
XEVILLE & C 0. .. manufacturers, bass. t»nts.
covers. Jl and 13 California st. ..
6could 6ay the whole "Iliad" and "Odys
sey" by heart, and his example was prob
ably not unique. The young Alcibiades
indignantly struck a schoolmaster who
confessed that he had nothing of Hom
er's, and Alexander the Great admitted
that he had formed himself on the char
acter of Achilles. The elegiac poets de
velop verse and language out of the epic,
and all the greatest lyric poets show
Homer's Influence — none more than Pin
dar. In an Important sense Homer was
the master of Herodotus and Thucydides;
and Greek grammarians, as well as Ger
man critics, have discussed the Homeric
style and thought in both historians.
Aeschylus called his tragedies "frag
ments from Homer's great banquets."
and Sophocles received no higher praise
than "the tragic Homer." The Homeric
style and language are noticeable In
Plato, as well as the latter';* frequent
citation of the epic poet. Even Demos
thenes la said to have imitated Homer.
In the . Alexandrine poetry Homeric In
fluence was predominant, especially la
Theocritus. Indeed Homer was th» key
to all subsequent Greek literature, as no
other poet has ever been to any other
literature, even the Influence of the Eng
lish Bible being less determinative In. our
own literature.
Who was Homer? When and where waa
he born? What works did he compose?
There I* perfect agreement only as to tho
name. TV edo not know who Homer was.
According to a Greek epigram, seren
cities claimed to be Homer's blnnplace;
but, in fact, far more places on both sides
of the Aegean and among the islands ar
rogated this distinction, and th« state
ments as to the date of his birth range
over more than 400 years. This la Tn
reality perhaps a tradition of the rise and
spread of epic poetry. And what did Ho
mer compose? • Earlier Greek antiquity
attributed to him pretty much the wholo
body of the epic poetry, but Alexandrin*
scholarship denied his title to all except
the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey." Even the
unity of the authorship of these two was
attacked, but the authority of Axistarchus.
the greatest of ancient scholars, silenced
the so-called "separators." Early in the
eighteenth century a Neapolitan claimed
that Homer's poema were * made by a
series of poets and not committed to writ-
Ing at first, but proofs in support of this
view were first given In F. A, Wolfs fa
mous "Prolegomena" (1796). Wolf argued
that our Homer was originally many
small unwritten poems, the unity being
due to a commission In the- time of Plsis
tratus (sixth century). Wolfs followers,
especially Lachmann. attempted to dissect
the "Iliad" Into the original lays. All
great Greek scholars of all lands have In
the last century been arrayed on on* side
or the other of the Homeric question, and
It has been almost, as far-reaching In
philology aa the Darwinian theory has
been In science. By a natural reaction the
trend of opinion is again rather toward an
original nucleus or central poem, greater
or smaller; but critical opinion does not
tend toward unity of authorship of both
"Iliad" and "Odyssey."
Of translations of the "Iliad," Lord
Derby's in verse, and Lang. Leaf and
Meyers, in prose, may be especially men
tioned; but other versions, such as Chap
man's, Pope's, Cowper^s, Bryant's, have
many claims to consideration. For the
"Odyssey." Worsley's translation In verse
and Butcher and Lang's In prose are
doubtless unequaled. though Palmer's
rhythmical prose version merits especial
commendation.
Valuable helps to the general reader In
appreciating Homer are, besides the histo
ries of Greek literature, Jebb's "Introduc
tion," Leaf's "Companion to the Iliad,"
Agnes M. Clerke's "Familiar Studies In
Homer." Jebb's "Classical Greek Poetry."
chapters 11 and lit; Symonds' "Greek
Poets." volume I. chapters ill and Iv; Ma
haffy's "Social Life of the. Greeks," chap
ters li and ill; Gladstone's "Homeric
Studies" and "Juventus Mundi," Bonltz's
"Origin of the Homeric Poems" and
Matthew Arnold's "On Translating Ho-
m ' r ' CHARLES FORSTER SMITH.
¦ University of Wisconsin.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
A HOWLING SUCCESS !
YOU CAN'T RESIST LAUGHINO.
THE BAUCY. FUNNY FARCE.
Never Again
15c, 25c R il^ T^ D 35c, 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK
Menelaus, and most beautiful of Greek
women, and all the chivalry of Hellas, un
der the leadership of Agamemnon, was
besieging Troy to recover Helen. The
poem opens in the tenth year of the war,
and the period of action is only about
forty-two days. With consummate art
the poet plunges at once in medias res,
as If all the previous course of the war
were known. Achilles had advised Aga
memnon to stay a pestilence in the camp
by restoring his captive Chrysels to her
father, the priest of Apollo. The haughty
Agamemnon restored the maiden, but in
sulted Achilles by taking his own captive,
Brisels. Whereupon Achilles, obeying the
goddess Athena, had not slain Agamem
non, but renounced the war. Persuaded
by Achilles' goddess-mother, Thetis, the
supreme god Zeus sent defeats and dis
asters upon the Greek host, and Agamem
non soon recognized that without Achilles
tHe Achaeans could not take Troy. In
vain he humiliated himself by sending an
embassy of the bravest and most honored
chiefs to offer fullest reparation to
Achilles, even Agamemnon's own daugh
ter as a bride. Achilles was inexorable.
Worse disasters follow. The greatest
' Achaean leaders are wounded. Hector is
1 storming the Greek camp, and only AJax
saves the ships from fire. At last Achilles
permits Patroclus to lead out the Myrmi
dons against the foe, but he falls a vic
tim to his own recklessness, and his body,
stripped of Achilles' armor, Is rescued
only by prodigies of valor on the part of
Ajax ana Menelaus. Achilles' grief was
terrific. He threw himself on the ground,
cast dust on his head and . dress and
writhed in agony. Desire for revenge now
took the place of anger. He appeared on
the rampart and gave a battle snout which
dismayed the bravest Trojans and made
their very horses cower and tremble. As
soon as Thetis could procure his other
armor from Hephaestus, the artificer of
the gods, Achilles attacked the Trojans
and slew their bravest, last of all Hector.
Patroclus' dead body then received splen
did funeral rites and Hector's corpse was
restored to the aged Priam.
The "Iliad" and "Odyssey" are not di
dactic poems, but they present a remark
able picture of Achaean life. "In a man
ner, chiefly incidental," says Mr. Glad
stone, "there is supplied to us a mass of
information in history and legend, relig
ion, polity, justice, domestic life and hab
its, ethnical and social relations, the con
ditions of warfare, navigation. Industry
and of the useful arts, exceeding in
amount what has ever at any other pe
riod been brought for use into one focus
by a single mind, except possibly by the
philosophical works of Aristotle, If we
possessed them entire." "The Homeric
poems," says ' Mr. Gladstone again, "have
also through the intervention of the
Greek and then of. the Roman civilization,
for both of which they form an .original
literary base, entered far more largelj
than any other book, except Holy Scrip
ture, into the formation, of modern
thought and life." < . -
In the Greek drama, characters are apt
to represent " types, but in Homer the
characters are marked by the clearest and
subtlest distinctions. In the "Iliad" the
protagonist is easily the most conspicu
ous and attractive figure. Of all the he
roes he is the tallest, strongest, fleetest
and most beautiful, an orator whose su
premacy is acknowledged by Ulysses, and
whose chief. speech (in book 9) Js consid
ered by Mr. Gladstone unsurpassed in the
annals of eloquence for 3000 years. A mu
sician he Is, too, and next to the divine
Paeon perhaps best understands the art
of healing.: His love for Patroclus passes
that of women; he- is the soul of honor,
and above deceit. Irascible and Inexora
ble, yet quick to pity and gentle to the
helpless. He idealizes the youth of the
Greek : race, "a . lustrous figure, ¦ ever po
tent, ever young, but with the ash-whlt©
aureole of coming death around his ¦ fore
head." Under the hands of the dramat
ists his Immortal character never degen
erated as did even that of- Ulysses.
As Achilles represented the element of
passion, so did Ulysses the function of in
tellect. He Is pre-eminently distinguished
by- forethought,.- presence -of mind . and
self-control— the shrewdest and wiliest of
the Greeks,' a profound and astute man
of the ; world. The "Odyssey", especially
glorifies his youthful . curiosity and spirit
of adventure; his resourcefulness and
manly endurance combined with a pas-
AND 6TILL THEY COME
IN DROVES TO WITNESS
Darkest Russia
I-.terpreted by a Peerless Company and Staged
With Mort Elaborate Scenery.
A Heart Stcry Deftly Woven. With Clean.
Brirht. Wholesome .Comedy.
March 11th. Majtnifirent Spectacular Produc-
'THE BROWNIES* IN FAIRYLAND/
yv>— THILDREN ON THE STAGF-NO
. NOTICE — Every erlrl and boy attending the
firrr i~rfnrmar.ee of "The Brcwnien In Fairy-
land" on Thursday afternoon. March 15th. wlil
be prei"-rted with a hanrt.«ome Illustrated Souv-
enir book of tfce '•Brownies."
THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAYHOUSE.
rHOTtE SOUTH 770.
STARTING WITH NEXT SUNDAY MATI-
NEE. ONE WEEK. FUN FOR ALL.
The Laughing Farce Comedy,
HAVE YOU SEEN SMITH
"WE WILL BEE TOU EO2f DAY ArrERSOON."
Introducing Comedians Who Are Funny.
M W^ m CAN SING,
Cw f f\ i. *5 WHO CAN DANCE.
M M m *W tvhO ARE PRETTY.
SEATS NOW READY.
PRICES— Evening, lie, 25c, SCc, 50c and 750.
Matinee, 15c. 25c. 35e and 50c.
Next-HARRY GLAZIER in a Lavish Pro-
duction. "THREE MUSKETEERS." Direct
From New York.
AiTUSEIiIENTS.
The Greatest Bill in a Year!
THB SMCDLEY SKETCH CLUOI
Imperial Troupe of Moorish Acrobats.
Ten In Number.
ANNA WHTTXET: NEWHOU6E A WARD:
THE FRANKS TRIO; PAULINE MORAS;
TROVOLLO; THE DANCING PAESPARTS.
THE
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH !
CO NOT MISS THE
SEW BOER WAR VIEWS
Referred Seats. 25c: BaJcony. 13c; Opera
Chain- and Box Seats. SV.
Vatlne*» ¦Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
Fourth Congressional District Declares for Open
Primary Election— How James Alva Watt
Appointed a Committee in Fifth District.
717 Market st. Sale ot shoes going on.*
"¦¦'. R.~ P. Dtnnigan, • dealer >in fine . liquors, 224
East et., 8. F. Branch in Keswtck. . •
In Spain a waitress may be had for SI 50
or $2 a month . and often merely for her
board and clothes. Good cooks command
$3. but if allowed to do the marketing
they will accept 12.
City Hall to Be Rearranged.
The Supervisors*. -"Building Committee
yesterday decided to . put into -. operation
the ' recommendations of . Superintendent
Barnett regarding the rearrangement of
the City Call. • These Include the substitu
tion of electric elevators for those now
used and the reconstruction of the heat
ing apparatus. / - : , '.
¦ Standard Optical Co.. 217 Kearny st.. ' leading
optician*. All work guaranteed; prices low. •
WEEKLY CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year*
• ???????????.????????MH
| • NINETEEN HUNDRED
x Cleveland
X MOST POPULAR
+ IN DEMAND
No. 85, o perfect road wheel
J $40.
4. No. 94. a twerjty-pound racer,
+ $50.
+ LEAVITT & BILL, ;
•f .'¦'.. , 809 Larkln et., 8. P. :
+ 20 Ban Pablo aye., Oakland.
T Crescent Bicycle*. $25, $30 and $35.
•? + ? ? '?> ? ?, h f ¦¦»'?:?>??"?¦? ?"?.h
FURNITURE BUYERS !
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
IN ALL LINES OF
FURNITURE. CARPETS. LINOLEUMS.
MATTINGS. ETC,
From 10 to 20 per cent on account of enlarging
¦tor*. Must make room for new rood*. Try
my credit ayatem. The only liberal credit
house on the Coaat.
Estimates given on complete bousefurnlahlng;.
Price* lower than ever. . f
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. ' Powell and Stockton - ata.
¦ Open evenings.
Rw dellvety Oakland an* tuburtM. ..
In the Divorce Court.
Annie M. : Stone has been granted a di
vorce from William E. Stone, on the
ground of willful neelect. Suits for di
vorce have been filed by Anabel yon Caso
vivick against Theodore yon Casovivick.
for desertion; Abraham Tuchler against
May L. '• Tuchler.* for, cruelty; Caddie Al
borell against Tony Alborell. for deser
tion* Mamie Blydner against Charles
Blydner. for cruelty, and T. J. Cunning
ham against Coraiine Cunningham, for In
fidelity.' ' ¦_
Bert Gray Convicted.
Bert Gray, a hoodlum who has gained
considerable notoriety of late through the
commission of various crimes, was con
victed by a Jury in Judge Lawlor's court
yesterday on a charge of burglary, com
mitted in the Westminster Hotel.
"Keith's" Paris hats displayed n««t
Friday and Saturday. Phelan building,
808 Market street. •
ANNA HERZO'S WILL.
Decedent Bequeaths Her Estate to
Relatives and Various
Charities.
' The will of the late Mrs. Anna Herzo.
who died on the 2d Inst., leaving: an es
tate valued at $75,000, was filed for pro
bate yesterday. At the time of Mrs. Her
zo's death It was thought that she died
Intestate, and the Public Administrator
made application for letters upon her es
tate; but her will was subsequently found
among- papers in her safety deposit box in
a local tank. In addition to providing for
her relatives Mrs. Herzo remembered va
rious charities. Following are the be
quests: To George Mascavich, a nephew.'
residing in Concord, Contra Costa County,
$10 000; to Ellen Radislch. a sister, ; dia
mond cross, earrings and bracelets; to the
poor of the town of Llssa, Austria, $1000;
to the pastor of, the Roman i Catholic
church known M El Domo, Llssa, $1000
for masses; to the pastor of St. Blaise
Church at Ragossa, $1000 for masses: to
the poor of the town of Ragossa, Dalma
tia. $1000; -to thepastor of the Catholic
church at Zoupa, Dalmatia, $500 for
masses: to Antonia Radlslch, a nephew,
who resides at Lissa. $2000; to the Youths*
Directory of this city, $500; to the Sisters
of the Holy ;'• Family of , fian - Francisco,
$500; to : the pastor of the Italian Church
of St. Peter and St. Paul in this ¦ city.
$200; to all of decedent's godchildren, $100
each: to A. F." Drago a cousin, $500. :The
residue of the estate Is devised to Antuna
Radonovlch and Ellena Radonovich,' sis
ters, and George Mescavich, a nephew.
John L. Radovlch : and John Clecak are
named as executors. v -
During the Lenten ¦ Season
It la astonl«hln#; to not* tha number of pri-
rat« little dinner partie* that ar« given at
ankand'e. . » •
Ethnology of California.
At the San Francisco Polyclinlc la*t
night Dr. Philip Mills Jones delivered one
of the series of Hearst lectures. His sub
ject was the "Ethnology of California."
The auditorium was well filled, and those
present listened with great Interest to Dr.
Jones' comprehensive consideration of bia
subject. ¦ ¦ _ '¦ >
*TIVPLI*
"HOOT MON, THEUANNA RESIST ME!"
6lst PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT
Of the Superb Comic Opera.
The Idol's Eye.
EVENINGS at I. MATINEE SATURDAT at «.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
TELEPHONE— Buih t.
KENTUCKY LOTTERY.
MONTREAL. March 7.— The regular monthly
drawlnc; for the month of March of the Cana
dian Royal Art Union, by which th« winning
numbers of the Kentucky Lottery were decided.
wa» held here to-day. The first six prizes ar«
Ts follows: 79.751. $15,000; 18.241. *4000; 63.614,
»200 of 6888* $1000: 60.060. $500; 53,488. $500. •
NO WAR TAX STAMPS
FOR TRUST DEEDS
Internal Revenue Commissioner Wilson
has Issued an order that has thrown all
the Internal revenue collectors in the
United States into a flurry. Inasmuch as
it reverses the previous practice and the
previous ruling of the Commissioner and
virtually admits that revenue officials
have been collecting war taxes in a quar
ter that the tax should never have in-
V The new ruling is to the effect that con
veyances of real estate without valuable
consideration to a trustee, or by a trustee
to another trustee, or by a trustee to a
cestui gui trust (beneficiary) require no
war tax stamps under internal revenue
The Commlssioncr'3 ruling la made In
accordance with a decision of the Circuit
Court for the district of Missouri.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THIS. THUKSPAT AFTERNOON at !:16.
GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS of the
WAGNEK OI'ERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
t'nder the Direction of C. L. Graft.
"THE rLYIftG DuTCiiMAN."
MADAME GADSKI £. Senta
DAVID DISPHAM The Dutchman
WALTER KAMROSCH Musical Director
To-morrow. Double Bill— •'Lohengrin,'" "Tb«
Jseit.terfir.KT." Monday Evening Next. Double
Bill— -Dan Rhelng-oW and "Me Walkure."
Tuesday Afternoon Next. Double Rill— "SleK-
'n«Kl" and "GotterdammerunK." Wednesday
Kveninc N»xt, Gala Performance. Miscellaneous
rroiramm* to be announced. Restrved Seats—
70c Jl $1 50. 12. UMI M- General Admission.
|L ' Xow on sale at box office.
SDERMAN. CL4Y & CO.'S HALL
FXTLAVATORT REHTALS AT THE PIANO
BY MR WALTER DAMROPCH on the
WAGNER 'OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS
at 3:2 ft p. m.
Saturday Marrh 10th. "Sleirfried"; Monday.
Marrh 12th "Gotterdammeruns:" : Friday,
Marrh lCth. "Parelfar ; Saturday. March 17th.
•TYU-an and Isolde." Reserved Seats, tl 50.
Gonerai Admission. |L On sale at Sherman.
CU* & Co-«-
ADVERTISEMENT!*.
! Palpitation*
. The heart throbs and pounds
•against tho chekt walls at every
sudden start; there is shortness
of breath from going up stairs,
walking, sweeping, singing,
talking or exercise of any kind;
frequent fainting, smothering
or sinking spells and pain in
left side, shoulder or arm. Build
up the heart muscles, strength-
en the heart nerves and regu-
late its action with' the only
truly great heart medicine.
Dt. Miles'
Heart Cute
•I had ipells of violent palpitation of the
heart, accompanied { by smothering sensa-
tions, and sometimes during these attacks I
would be almost blind for hours at a time.
After doctoring for four years and growing
worse all the time, I was completely cured
with a dozen bottles Dr. Milei' Heart Cure."
Mrs. Nannie E. Brooks, Riverside, Cat
Dr Miles' Heart Cure 8* sold at «11 drug
Mores on a positive guarantee. Writ* to:
Iroe ai vice and booklet to .
Or. MIIm M*dloal Co.. Elkhurt In*.
AMUSEMENTS.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
COLUMBIA 1&
CYTD A I" order to accommodate the
I-A I nH. demand for seats an addi-
tional performance of "The Old Homestead"
will be giren Sunday night
Second and Last Week. Matinee Saturday.
DENMAN THOMPSON
Appearing- as Uncle Josh In
The Old Homestead.
FAREWELL— 6UNT>AT NIGHT— FAREWELL
Beginning NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
CHARLES FROHMAN
Presents
WILLIAM GILLETTE'S
GREATEST COMEDT TRIUMPH.
BECAUSE. s«£ LOVED HIHSO
With J. E. DODSON and the
BIG ORIGINAL CAST.
SEATS NOW READT.
AUCTION SALE
Of THE
Gump Collection
op EUROF»e/iN
PAINTINGS
Will Continue Every Evening During This Week at 8 O'Ciock
AND
Wednesday, Thursday and Friday Afternoons at 2 O'clock,
NATIVE SONS' HALL - - - - 414 MASON STREET
committee. If a motion was made to ap
point a Congressional committee It must
nave escaped the notice of the newspaper
reporters.
The foregoing statement of fact is made
because the Republican County Commit
tee will meet this evening, and the com
mitteemen representing Assembly districts
in the Fifth Congressional District may be
able to enlighten the voters on the propo
sition. Again, the Fourth Congressional
District Committee met last night and
adopted a resolution authorizing a confer
ence with the Congressional Committee
of the Fifth District. Mr. Watt's conclu
sions may be correct and proper, but the
record which he refers to should be pro
duced. The Republicans of San Francisco,
San Mateo ana Santa Clara know their
rightß and they will have what is right
and regular. It is drue that delegates to
the National Republican Convention can
not meet as delegates to nominate a can
didate for Congress in the Fifth District,
but they can send delegates to Philadel
phia to nominate higher officers.
FOURTH DISTRICT.
Meeting of the Congressional Com-
mittee Last Night.
Initial steps for the selection of dele
gates to the Republican National Conven
tion to assemble at Philadelphia June 19
were taken last evening at Pythian Cas
tle by the district committee of the
Fourth Congressional District.
The meeting was called to order at 8:30
o'clock by Joseph Spear Jr., chairman of
the committee. The following named com.
mitteemen responded by living voice when
the roll was called: Joseph Spear, P. H.
Prendergast, A. Barnard, Dr. P. A. Kear
ney, A. Ruef, William Howe, James Mc-
Cabe, Albert Houston, Charles Metzner,
J. A. Hoey, M. Smith, Martin Brady, J.
H. Nelson and James Snook.
A. Ruef announced that he held the
proxy of J. Levi Jr., R. H. Williams, D.
D. Lustlg, and Thomas F. Lennon did not
respond in person or by proxy.
The secretary read the minutes, which
proved to be a record of the proceedings
of the session of the Fourth Congres
sional District Convention at which Julius
Kahn was nominated for Congress. The
minutes also recorded the fact that the
committee now representing the district
was appointed in open convention at thn
time the nomination for Representative
in Congress was made. The approval of
the record immediately followed.
A. Barnard, obtaining recognition from
the chair, introduced resolutions with a
preamble. In the preamble it is set forth
that the National Committee of the Re
publican party, by its call dated Decem
ber 20, 1899, did provide for the election
and constitution of the next Republican
National Convention. The preamble then
quotes the language of the call relating to
the number of delegates and the manner
of their selection.
The last paragraph of the preamble and
the resolutions introduced by Mr. Barnard
are as follows:
Whereas. Under said call it becomes th«
duty of this, the Republican Congressional
Committee of the Fourth- Congressional
District of the State of California, which
Congressional Committee -was duly appoint
ed by the Republican Congressional Con
vention of the Fourth Congressional Dis-
trlct of the State of California on the
3d day of September, 1898, and was duly
organized and in existence from said last
named date up to and including the said
date of said call by said National Repub
lican Committee and up to and including
the present date, to call a convention frr
the election of said Congressional District
delegates and the'.r alternates for the
Fourth Congressional District of the State
of California In accordance with said call
of the said national committee; now, there
fore, be it
Resolved, By this, the Republican Con-
Krensional Committee ot the Fourth Con
gressional District of the State of Cali
fornia, ' that a Concessional District Con
vention of the Republican party of the
Fourth Congressional District of the State'
of California be called for the election of
Raid Congressional District delegates and
their alternates; that said convention con
sist of delegates elected at an open primary
election to be held under the auspices of
this committee; that the chairman of this
committee be and hereby Is authorized to
appoint a committee of three members of
this committee to formulate and prepare a
call for said convention and said primary
election and to report the said call to this
committee for consideration and action
thereon at the r.ezt meeting ot this com
mittee.
The foregoing was adopted without dis
sent.
P. H. Prendergrast introduced the fol
lowing resolution, which was adopted
unanimously: - . •
Whereas, The city and county of San
Francisco comprises a part of the Fifth
Congressional -District and the -whole of the
Fourth; and
Whereas. It will be incumbent upon the
Republican Fifth Congressional Committee
to take action under the call of the na
tional committee: and . ,
Whereas, It is desirable that the action
of the Republican Congressional District
committees of the Fourth and Fifth Con- ;
gresslonal districts should be In harmony
and accord. . • ¦
Resolved, That the chairman of this com
mittee be and he Is hereby empowered and
directed to appoint a committee of three
members of this committee to confer with
the Fifth Congressional Committee with a
view to securing the adoption of a uniform
and united line of action in reference to
the selection of Congressional District dele
gates to the national convention and In the
Interest of the Republican party and the
success of its principles at the coming
* election.
Chairman Spear announced the follow
ing committee in accordance with the res
olutions: P. H. Prendergast, A. Barnard
and Dr. P. A. Kearney. On motion, Mr.
Spear was added to the committee.
The committee then adjourned to meet
at the call of the chair.
VESTERDAT Jam*s Alva Watt s«nt
out -notices for a meeting of the
. V Fifth Congressional District Re-
I publican Committee at the office of
-*- W. H. Cobb, in the Parrott bi'lM
ing, to-morrow evening. This committee,
which was appointed by Mr. Watt In
June, 1899. consitts of the following resi
dents of the district: ¦"
E. I. Robinson, W. H. Cobb. Frank
French, G. H. Fairchild. Max Goldberjj,
Jesse Marks, F. R, Danforth, Alvinza
Hayward, R. Donovan, Louis O'Neil and
J. D. McKenzie.
The last named three reside in Santa
Clara County. Mr. Hay ward is a resident
of San Mateo County, and the others live
in San Francisco; but all dwell in the
Fifth District. .
The Call is not advised that any ono has
sought to cast reflection on the character
or Intelligence of the men comprising the
committee, yet the fact is undisputed that
there has been a deal of comment In po
litical circles concerning the regularity
of the committee's appointment. For the
sake of harmony and regularity in the
preliminary work of selecting delegates to
the Republican National Convention, this
Journal deems it proper to make a state
ment of the facts In the case at this time.
James Alva Watt, chairman of the Fifth
Congressional District Convention that
nominated EX F. Loud for Congress, as
serts that the convention before adjourn
ment authorized the chairman to appoint
a Congressional District Committee. H«
asserts that he is in possession of the
record of the convention's proceedings,
duly attested by the secretary, E. D.
Crawford, which clearly shows that such
a resolution was adopted. He says fur
ther that he is ready to produce that rec
ord if its production becomes necessary.
He admits freely that he prepared the
record himself, which the secretary read
and approved. He acknowledges that he
did not appoint the committee until the
month of June, 1599, more than eight
months after the convention adjourned
and seven months after the close of the
Congressional campaign. He insists,
however, that the proceedings were regu
lar and that ho will maintain their regu
larity against all comers. Judge Dibble
also vouches for the regularity of the
record.
The recollection of E. D. Crawford of
Gilroy, who performed the duties of sec
retary of the convention, differs from that
of Mr. Watt. Mr. Crawford says in a
letter to The Call that he has mislaid hla
notes, but he recollects that a resolution
was adopted authorizing Mr. Loud, the
nominee for Congress, and the' chairman
of the convention to appoint the commit
tee. He mentions that P. H. Prendergast
assisted in keening the record and re
quests that the latter be questioned. Mr.
Prendergast believes that he wrote the
resolution himself and that it authorized
Mr. Loud and the chairman to name the
committee. , '
Mr. Ix>ud wires to The Call from Wash
ington, D. C. that he knew nothing about
the appointment of the committee. Mr.
Watt, however, asserts that Mr. Loud
does not in any sense question the reg
ularity of the committee's appointment,
as the Congressman representing the
Fifth District was duly advised of all pro
ceeding's in the premises.
Refefenoe has been made to the files of
The Call, Chronicle and Examiner con
taining reports of the convention. The
Call and Chronicle mention the appoint
ment of a committee on purity of elec
tions and publish the names of the men
appointed on this committee, but no refer
ence direct or remote is made to a Con
gressional committee. The Examiner did
not refer directly or indirectly to either
GOLDEN AGES' OF" LITERATURE.
slonate yearning for home and native
land; but even in the "Iliad" he Is second
only to Achilles. The two prefigure the
manly Ideals of the Hellenic race. Other
clearly drawn characters are the stubborn
fighter AJax, "tower of battle." and the
1 garrulous old Nestor, whose "speech
! flowed sweeter than honey." Among the
Trojans most conspicuous are Hector, the
knightly gentleman and bulwark of Troy,
and his aged father Priam, who has suf
fered unmeasured ills, and yet must sue
to Achilles for his son's body, saying: "I
have borne such things as no man on the
earth hath ever borne— to lift to my lips
the hand of the man who hath slain my
son." ' • • . ,
Of women in the "Iliad" tyo are of sur
passing interest. Helen '*has exercised
more perhaps than any of the creations
of poetry a profound effect on men's im
agination." Lessing has pointed out, in
the "Laocoon," how Homer conveys an
impression of surpassing personal beanty.
not by describing her but by giving voice
to the old men's admiration:
Well may the Trojans and Achaean* itrtva.
And for a time bear norrotvr and unrest
For such a woman, in her cau«* and quest.
Who. like immortal goddesses In face
Appeareth.'
But Andromache is the most lovable of
Homeric women. Her parting from Hec
tor in the sixth "Iliad" Is the best-known
part of the poem, and Hector's love for
his young wife is as touching as anything
In modern romance. "We ngxt see Andro
mache in the twenty-second "Iliad."
when, hearing Hecuba's cry of anguish,
she rushes to the wall only to see her
husband dragged at Achilles* chariot
wheels, and then we hear her bitter la
ment at his funeral. She has appeared
but for a few brief moments, and yet
no woman of the "Iliad," and few in
literature, have had such a hold on
hearts, both ancient and modern.
¦ Homer was the universal textbook In
Greek schools. A young man In Xeno
phon's "Symposium" remarked that ho
Yusbj&
Try it and see.
m HOMER AND THE GREEK
EPICS.
BY CHARLES FORSTER SMITH, PH.D.
It is a commonplace of criticism that
Homer Is one of the three greatest writ
ers of the world, and Matthew Arnold is
doubtless right in considering the Ho
meric poems "the most important poetical
monuments existing." Homer gives us
an extraordinarily vivid and Interesting
picture of the world's young springtime.
The Greeks were the first people that
came with eyes to see: the world was
young and fresh and fair; things and
Ideas were still in large part unnamed
and the Greeks had the instinct to give
names that would describe. Homer por
trays a life that he knows, and describes
things naively, simply, directly and un
ashamed. The "Iliad" and the "Odys
sey" are the eternal books of youth, and
a perpetual lesson in good taste, because
their form is perfect. But the "Iliad" and
the "Odyssey," though the earliest Greek
poems extant, are not the work of a
primitive poet, nor do they describe an
initial stage of Greek civilization; rather
they mark the close of an epoch. They
presuppose long periods of development,
and the form of the verse was unques
tionably the growth of centuries of liter
ary culture. The great Achaean age,
which Homer Represents, and of which
the siege of Troy was doubtless the most
notable event, culminated before Homer,
and its cataclysm came no great while
after In the Dorian invasion.
The real theme of the "Iliad" is tha
wrath of Achilles. ! Paris of Troy had
carried away from Sparta Helen, wife of
Initial Steps for Selection of Delegates to
the National Convention.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
MOST FAMOUS POET OF ANCIENT GREECE.
Copyright, 1900, b y Seymour Eaton.
REPUBLICANS BEGIN
THE CAMPAIGN WORK
ADVERTISEMENT^
TJULK SAJV FIIA^CISGO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 1900.
TEACHERS MUST
NOW KEEP THEIR
MOUTHS CLOSED
School Board's Offended Dig
nity Vents Its Rage on
a Woman.
Superintendent Webster Urge* a
. Raise In Substitutes' Salaries.
John Elbert Is Appointed
Chief Census Marshal.
?
Because Miss H. M. Falrchild, principal
of the Golden Gate Primary School, en
couraged the mothers of her pupils to
frame a protest against the action of the
Board of Education in abolishing: the spe
cial study of sewing, that lady at yester
day's meeting of the board was suspended
from the department for five days with
out pay. The board, in its offended dig
nity, passed resolutions which recited that
"Miss Falrchlld had been guilty cf a
grave breach cf discipline in not sustain
ing the board," and thus demonstrated
that teachers must now keep their mouths
closed with regard to any of its official
acts.
Miss Fairchlld's offense, which is con
sidered such a heinous one by the Direc
tors, consisted In presiding at a meeting
of the Mothers' Club held the day after
Miss N. H. Mayberry was removed from
her position as special sewing teacher in
the Golden Gate School, and in drafting
a letter which was copied by the pupils
and signed by their parents requesting
the board to reinstate Miss Mayberry.
At the regular secret session of the
board held last Tuesday Miss Falrchild
came very near to being severely dealt
with. One Director insisted that she bo
suspended for five months. This was re
duced to one month,- but was most stren
uously opposed by Superintendent Wsb
ster, who said that it was the first time in
the history of the department that a
teacher had been disciplined. Finally the
board compromised on a five days' su«
pension. ,
The fact that the petition of the sub
stitute teachers to restore their salary to
$3 50 per diem when employed had been
turned down at the star chamber session
caused the presentation of resolutions by
Superintendent Webster providing that on
and after March 7, • 1900. day substitute
teachers be paid 53 per diem when teach
ing classes of the second, third and fourth
grades; $4 per diem when teaching classes
of the first, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth
and ninth grades; $6 per diem when teach
ing in high schools and when acting as
vice principals of grammar schools; when
not engaged in teaching $1 per diem for
reporting for duty.
The sum of $2000 was appropriated tor
the purchase of books for the use of
needy children, and a further sum of $2000
for the school libraries, to be apportioned
by the Superintendent according to the
provisions of the Political Code.
The title of vice principal of the Wash
ington and of business evening schools
was abolished and the position designated
as class teachers at $50 per month.
The salary schedule fixing the amount
of $2 50 per room for janitorial service of
the evening schools was abolished.
In deference to a writ of injunction is
sued by the Superior Court, all principals
and teachers were directed to cease using
the text books of the Shaylor system or
vertical round hand penmanship and sub
stitute therefore the California vertical
system of penmanship.
The Board of Public "Works gave notice
of the dismissal of the following Janitors
of the public schools, to take effect March
15, 1900: S. F. Hodgkins, Miss W. 3e la
Fontaine, John Kavanaugh. Mrs. E. Cav
endish, Mrs. J. Langham, Mrs. M. J. Kol
ly, R. Gautner, Mrs. McCarthy, Mrs J.
Fay, Mrs A. Hlnes, T. Jackson. Mrs. Kat*
Petersen.' Mrs. M. J. Smith, janitress of
Webster Primary School, was transferred
to the Moulder Primary School.
John Elbert was appointed chief census
clerk at $6 per day. On March 2S forty
marshals will be appointed at $o per any
to take the school census.
The application of W. D. Kingsbury,
vice principal of the Horace Mann Gram
mar School, for an indefinite leave of ab
sence was denied. His resignation, which
was subsequently filed, was accepted, hn
having been appointed-Deputy Superinten
dent of Schools- _ . ,
One class in the Chinese Primary School
and one in the Franklin Grammar School
were consolidated out. Miss M. L.. ha- ;
can of the latter school was transferred
to the Irving Scott School, vice Miss Ees
8 The Superintendent was allowed $50 to
prepare certain statistics and duplication;
of examination questions.
Miss M. Hollub was assigned to the
Washington Evening School, vice Mrs. R
H Morrissey. Miss Rose Goldsmith and
Miss M. Curry were granted leaves of ab- ,
sence. '
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 632.
EVERT EVENINO. SATURDAT AND SUN-
DAT MATINEES.
A GLORIOUS ENTERTAINMENT. THE
TOPIC OF THE HOUR 13 THE
IMMENSE HIT
Of Rice's Famous Musical Eccentricity,
THE GIRL
FROM PARIS
USUAL PRICES.
Good reserved seat in orchestra Saturday and
Sunday matinees, 2Jc.
Branch Ticket Office, EmDorium.
CIiI!TES_AND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW I
Amateurs Might!
TDE LADT COOPEft? CHORUS.
Cakewalk Contest Saturday Night!
Black Bartons ys. Stewarts.
Beat* by Phone— Park 21.
¦ P» O-»O-» O-evO-e-O ¦•- O-e-O-e-O-e-O-e-O^C
? H Natural Mineral Water
? JBA kne>wn far centuries and
I Aj&Bk ONLY IN BOTTLES.
o yßtSacßsm For Disordered Stomach
+ MMmJ * n^ ZaAigeftion
5 SmST==r§ tts ?&!<>• has been testi.
t EjJg§SBg|3 fled to by thousands.
4 JfIWW I So-e»lled Vichy In Sy.
° teiltfell Is NOT vichy -
? 'BB3*jfr la Get tne Genuine
P finSß&afiMf Tour physician
Blßjflfftiß wlll peooTnm ' n d it.
4 B^""fffi A. TIOKIEI, DiitriknOnf Agtai
?©?Q^O^O-^-O^-O ¦•¦ O-e-O-»-O -e-O-*-O-*-0
RACINGI RACINGI RACING!
1800— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
February 26 to March 10, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more race* each day. ¦
Rare* start at 2:15 p. tn. sharp.
Ferry-boat* leave San Francisco at U m. and
12:80, 1. 1:80. 2. 2:30 and I p. m.. connecting
with train* stopping at ths entrance to ths
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dles and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with Ean Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land Also all trains via Alameda mola con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen m'.nutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:46 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary-
7There was no • falling off in the ¦ volume of
business >on the . morning session of the Bond
Exchange, "but the feeling was weaker as a
rule. Paauhau ' was". firmer at $23 62^@29, but
the Mother sugar stocks'- were easier. Giant
Pcwder declined to $90 75.- Gas and Electric to
$53 75 and Spring Valley Water to $98 25. '
-..The sugar stocks were firm in the afternoon,
and - most -of j- them •' advanced s slightly. . Hana.
rose to $10 . and . Hawaiian - to $SS." - Gas ' and
Electric was off again. > selling down to- $33 25,"
and Pacific Gas declined to $54 25. Contra Costa
Water declined to $64 75. ¦
•;.The; oil; stocks were dull..
Hale : and Norcross has - levied an assessment
of. 10c and. Mexican one of 15c.-
The Merchants' .Exchange Bank, which has
THE STOCK MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — 4 87
Sterling Cables ....: — 4 88
New York Exchange, eight — !12H
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17»4
Flna Silver, per ounce — 6»S
Mexican Dollars *. 48% . 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Kelburn takes for Cork 89.956
ctls, valued at $90,000. . " • .
Liverpool was higher and Paris lower.
Chicago was dull, but showed" some strength
toward the close. The condition of the Ohio
crop was placed at 56, a decline of 19 points.
Cut 'rates to the seaboard encouraged hopes of
an outward movement In grain. There were
rumors of large engagements of Corn and mod
erate engagements of Wheat. Corn was re
ported overbought and Wheat oversold.. < ¦ -
The local market was dull and unchanred.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 95c; milling. 97Hc@$l.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 03%;
May— Booo. »7c.
Second Session— May— l2.ooo ctls. 96%0.
Regular Morning Session— May— 32.ooo ctls,
96Hc.; 2000, 96^; December— 2ooo, $1 03H-
Afternoon Session — December — 34,000 ctls,
$1 03%: 2000, $1 03%; . May— l4,ooo, 96ttc; 2000.
96% c: 10,000, ?«%c.
BARLEY— Is weak, with more seller* than
buyers. Offerings are neglected.
• Feed *75c for No. 1 and 65®72Hc for off
grades brewing and Shipping grades, 10@87ttc;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL. BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sale*.
Second ¦ Session— No sales. •
Regular Morning Session— No sale*. I ¦
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 71c
OATS— There ¦Is still a moderate demand,
chiefly for the Hawaiian Islands, at unchanged
quotations. ... : • - -¦
White, . $1 108>l 30; Red, «sc@sl 17V4: Gray.
$1 07HO1 15; Black, 97Hc@$l 05.
CORN— Several slight, changes will 1 be ob
served. The feeling Is rather better than for
the past few weeks.; Eastern White is quoted
at 97Hc<9$l 02V4 per ctl and Eastern Yellow at
$1(^110; mixed. $l®los:per ctl.
RYE— 97V4c@sl 02\4 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60-33 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 7503 per barrel.-
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces : in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: 'Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs ; Rye Flour, $2 76 ; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $2 60;
Oat Groats. $4 SO: Hominy. $3 25©$ 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. Js4 50; Whole W r heat Flour. .$3 50;
Rolled Oats .barrels).^ $6<f 7 25; In sacks, $5 75®
7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$5 DO per 100 . lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
All descriptions reVnain as previously quote*.
The feeling is weak air around.
BRAN-$12®13 per ton. "
MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton. -
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $15017 " per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; jobbing,
$27 f.n©2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Corn Meal,
$23623 CO; Cracked Corn, $23 50® 24; Mixed Feed.
$15 50: Cottonseed Meal, $23 per ton. •> .
HAY — Wheat, •- $7@9 .for common' to good;
$9 SO for " choice and . occasionally $10; Wheat
and Oat. $6 50(^9; Oat. $64}S; Barley, $337; Al
falfa, $6^7.50 n»r Inn -- -Vy fTfTßßlMlillrilftf' l 'lf ii
STRAW— 2S® 35c pc» bale.
Beans and Seeds.,
¦ A few slight changes In Beans will be noted
There: is, not much-, demand. -. '. " ;
BEANS— Bayou. $3 30© 3 40; small White," 13 15
63 25; large White, -$2 tOQS 10; Pinks. $2 60©
Chicago Grain Market.
New York Stock Market.
NKW YORK. March ".—Professional bear
operators suspended their campaign for a de
cline In the stock market to-day. Tn« bull
contingent on the other hand was hampered
by the continually increasing closer conditions
In the money market and by the determined
Indifference of the outside public. In conse
<juenc« dealings on the exchange approached
the point of stagnation and the movement of
prices was entirely without ¦lg-nlflcJLnce. At
tention T"»Tiy money lenders and capitalists
as well a* among stock operators is devoted to
the probable effects of the currency bill and
when It shall become operative. As to the
volume of expansion of the currency opinion
Is agreed that additional note issues will t<
made at once up to the par value of. bonds
at present on deposit to secure circulation,
which is ellghtly over $240,000,003. The IC p*r
cent Increase thus Indicated will be $24,0GC.u00.
As to the extent beyond this to which '.ha ex
pansion is likely to proceed all is conjecture
and opinion is exceedingly varied. On t*ie
present national bank' capitalization, which
amounts to $606,000,000. a further note issue is
I«rmissJble under the Jaw of $366,000,000. but
the totul amount of the bonds to be converted
end which are available to secure circulation
is nearly $«40.000.0n0. and the additional capital
which may be embarked in national banks In
nmaller cities und«r the law makes possible
a further extension of circulation as fast a&
national bank capital is Increased. But thl»
possibly Is purely theoretical. The more the
<iuestlon is canvacsrd of the possible effects
at xh" operation of the law the more .it *is
perceived that hindrances may arise to taking
out additional circulation. In the first place
the constant advance in the price of Govern
ment bonds may eat up the margin waicj
would leave a profit in circulation. There li
ft qu«*eUon aJw> of the ability of the banks
to keep their notes in circulation. They can
not lx- counted In tlie lawful money re»erv«
required by law and at the same time they
Fw<-ll the deprslt liabilities of the banks. In
<-onHetjuonce unless an active demand exists for
the upe.of currency in hand-to-hand transac
tion* the banks wouki derive no advantage by
lf^r'riK tn * notes in their vaults and rvouM
K'-nd them In for redemption as fast as re
crived. On the other hand even if the notes
k^'-p in circulation there is the question <>f
liov.- • far they would serve to displace ie;al
trnderr. thus facilitating gold exports. Lastly
there is the question of delay in the prepajji
tir>n of the new bonds from purely mechanical
difficulties, which may last s»\-eral months,
Firx-e there is no power in th» Treasury De
parunent to anticipate the operation of the
law by rrerarinß bonds in advance. With the
diubt thus Involved of the amount of relief
to iw .afforded to the money market by rl.e
operation of the new law and of the time when
th» relief will be available transactions on the
Stock ICxchange are much curtailed.
Son <• of the buying of bonds to-day wa* at
tributed'- to capital mad* available for rein
vestment by the recent large selling of Gov
ernment bonds. Prices were generally well
ru»taJn<>d. Total salos. par value. $1,735,000.
United States old 4s and 5s advanced >/4 and
the S* '» in tfce bid , price. . The new 4s de
clined V . •
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.,
Shares* . -Closlnc
Sold. Etocke— Bid.
S.'. r <) Atchlson 22%
12.210 Atchlson prefd .'. (5%
2.512 Baltimore & Ohio CZ
100 Canadian Pacific J**i
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
v.Vdn-sday. March 7.
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart. 55 hour* from San
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen, 2« hour» from Eureka.
Br ahiD Clan Galbraith. Barker. 55 days from
Newcastle. Aus.
Bktn Moraine Star. Garland. 43 day» from
Caroline I»land8.
Schr J M Colman. Murchison. 15 day* from
Schr Sophia Sutherland. Schroeder, 70 dajn
from El TrlumfOv
CLEARED.
Wednesday, March 7.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea. San Pedro; Goodall.
Stmr Walla" Walla, Thomas, Victoria, etc;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Australia, Lawless. Honolulu; J D
Sfreckels & Bros Co.
Br stmr Strathgyle, Gordon. Portland: Cal
Oriental S S Co.
Jap stmr America Mara. Going. Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honoulu: W H Avery.
Br shia Cromdale, Slbley. Qneenstown; O W
McNear. _ . _ __
Br shlo Lyderhorn. "Weston. Liverpool: G W
McNear. _ __
Br shlo General Gordon. Summers. Queens
town: Balfour. Guthrte A Co.
Bark Amy Turner. Waxland, Hllo; Welch A
Ger bark Paul Isenberg. Kruse-. Queenstowni
G W McNear.
Br bark Heathfleld. Fraser, Queenstown;
Gin-In & Eyre.
Schr Alice Cooke, Penhallow, Honolulu; WIU
liams, Dtmond & Co v
SAILED.
Wednesday, Marcb 7.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart. Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. ¦— .
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Walla Walla, Thomas. Victoria ant)
Port Townsend.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Fulton. Johnson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Australia. Lawless. Honolulu.
Stmr Emi>lre, Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Noyo. Hansen. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. Albion.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. Wlllapa Harbor.
Whaling stmr Belvedere. Devoll. whallnsT.
Jap stmr America Maru. Going. Yokohama*,
Hongkong and Honoulu.
Br ship Aristlde*. Poppy. London.
Br ship Celtic Monarch. Lewis, Queenstowa.
Haw bark Diamond Head. Morehouss. Hono
lulu.
Schr Mary C Hansen. Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 7. 10 -p m— WttXhee
cloudy; wind BSE. velocity 30 mils.
SPOKEN,
Per sehr Daley Rowe-Feb 2S. 35 SW of Coos)
Bay. Br sealing schr Amely. with 130 seal
skins: 12 days out. _ _ . _
Schr Sparrow at Eureka-On Teb 8 spoks
schr Mary Taylor, with 650 seal skins, and sen*
E N Point; with 138 pelts.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived March T— Sen*
Excelsior, from- Newport: bktn John Smith. •
from San Pedro; schr Lillebonne. from Port
Ttownsend. . : „ "' ... „• _» ¦*
-Sailed March 7— Schr W H Smith, for Hono
lulu >
UMPQUA— SaiIed March S— Schr LUr. for Saa
Francisco.
Arrived March 4— Schr Louise, from Ban
Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March ' T— Br
stmr Port Stephen*, from Manila.
PORT HADLOCK — Sailed March 7 — Schr
Sailor Boy. for San Francisco. •
NEWPORT (S>— Arrived March 7— Stmr Del
Norte, hence Msrch 3. ¦ • •'
EUREKA— SaiIed March 6— Schr Sparrow, for
* 'GREENWOOD — Palled March .7 — Strar
Whltesboro. for San Francisco.
SEATTLE-Salled March 7— Stmr Lakme>, for
Port Gamble; stmr City of Topeka. for.Skaj-
a Arrlved March 7-Stmr Humboldt. from
" TACOMA— PaIIed March 7— Schr Una, for Saa
Francisco: schr E X Wood, for San Francisco;
schr Olendnle. for San Pedro.
Arrived March 7— Schr Alcalde, from Saa
Pedro.
COOS BAY— Barbound March 7— Stmr Arcata,
for Snn Francisco.
PORT LOS , ANGELES— Arrived March T—
Stmr National City, from Saa Pedro.
Hailed March 7— Nor stmr Tltania, for Xa
nalnv>: stmr National City, for San Francisco -
SAN PEDRO-Salled March 7-Stmr Des
patch, .for San Francisco; stmr National City
for : stmr Navarro. for ; schr Jennia
Stella.' for Grays Harbor. • ""
Arrived March 7— Stmr Del Norta. from "few
port <X). -
PORT; OAMBLE-Arrtred . March 7-Stmr
Lakme. from Seattle. .
Sailed March 7-Bktn Kllkltat.-for Honolulu.
. FOREIGN PORTS
MAZATLAN-Salled March 7-Ger stmr Hs>
thor, for San Francisco .. ¦
to^ZZl-tt? 21-Cer achr Rlm.c.
'VALPARAISO - Sailed Feb 12 - Ocr stnir
Hants, for Hambura.
YOKOHAMA-Salled Feb 23-Br stmr Car
marthenshire, for San Diego.
600 Canada Southern 45%
806 Chesapeake & Ohio 28%
?»0 Chicago Great. Western 18%
»,495 Chicago Burlington * Qulncy 122*.
2<X> Chicago Ind & Louisville 20\
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 63
Chicago & Eastern Illinois MT4
Chicago ie Northwestern 157
820 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 100%
C C C & St Louis 68%
C 25 Colorado Southern C
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16%
Delaware & Hudson 115
Delaware Lack & Western 180<4
2W Denver & Rio Grande... 19H
Denver & Rto Grande prefd 71%
Erie 12H
800 Erie Ist prefd ..y. 37%
Great Northern prefd 156
Hocking Coal 14Vi
Hocking Valley 32
S.lOO Illinois Central 11214
2W lowa Central *.. 13%
lowa Central prefd «7'j
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 12V»
Lake Erie & Western 2Qi»
Lake Erie & Western prefd 53%
I^ake Shore 1M
1.650 Louisville & Nashville Sl s i
5.770 Manhattan L 95
2.550 Metropolitan Street Railway 170
190 Mexican Central 11%
Minneapolis & St Louis 61
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd SI
2.J50 Missouri l'aclfic 44 T »
Mobile & Ohio 44Vi
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10»»
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 33
150 New Jersey Central 115H
1.330 New York Central 133»4
1,610 Norfolk &. Western 32
130 Norfolk & Western prefd 7o»i
2.100 Northern Pacific £2%
ISO Northern Pacific prefd 74
1,030 Ontario & Western S3Vt
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
£.143 Pennsylvania 1S4"«
SOO Reading 18
Reading Ist prefd 58%
piO Reading 2d prefd 29
Rio Grande Western s *
I<*> Rio Grande Western prefd S9»i
St Louis & San Fran 10' i
100 St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 6S
200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 34%
OO St Ix>uis Southwestern 11%
7O) St Louis Southwestern prefd 29
7.310 Et Paul 121
100 St Paul prefd 172 .
St Paul 4- Omaha 106
5.1*) Southern Pacific 37 7 4
4,018 Southern Railway 13Vi
1.520 Southern Railway pr»fd 57"»
200 Texas & Pacific 16
2,610 Union Pacific 45%
1.530 Union Pacific pr»fd 73S
l«0 Wabash «%
100 Wabash prefd 20%
4HO Wheeling & Lake Erie 10%
310 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 27
100 Wisconsin Central 17*
Expr<fs Companies —
Adams 114
American .- 143
United States 45
W»lls-Fargo 123
Ml6c«-llan«-ons—
100 American Cotton Oil 33
American Cotton Oil prefd 93
mo American Malting SV»
W0 American Malting prefd 24H
1000 Am Smelting & Refining 39-
Am S-rneltin* & Refining prefd 89%
American Spirits 2>i
American Spirits prefd 17
5*63 American Steel Hoop 33%
100 American Ste»l Hoop profd .'BO
7CGO American Ste^l & Wire 544
310 American Steel & Wire prefd 90%
1.2*5 American Tin Plate 81>,i
2M) American Tin Plate prefd 80
2.1.240 American Tobacco 103? i
AniTlran Tnbacco prefd 135
4.2P5 Anaconda Mining Co 4S>.;
8.&2O Brooklyn Rapid Transit 66%
Colorado Fuel & Iron 43%
ICJSS Continental Tobacco 2S
1.435 Continental Tobacco prefd > «3%
6.700 Federal Steel : 50%
7rtO Federal Steel profd 72
300 General Electric 124>4
Glucose Sugar 51
Glucose Sugar prefd 99
740 International Paper 16Vs
335 International Paper prefd C 2
100 Laclede Gas 70
National Biscuit 'i'>\i
National Bincult prefd SO
National Lead 23>;
National Lead prefd IC4
2.045 National Steel 424
2€4 National Steel pretd 91
New York Air Brake 12IJ |
4J7 North American 14%
Pacific Coast 49
Pacific Coaftt Ist prefd SO
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 60
260 Pacific Mail 37%
24.645 People's Gas 944
200 Pressed Steel Car 62%
Pressed Steel Car prefd 85«»
400 Pullman Palace Car ISO
100 Standard Rope A Twine s»i
49.4*5 Sugar 95%
• 6f"o Sugar rrefd I<lB'4
2.fc10 Term Coal A Iron 93
1.4*0 United States Leather 11%
810 United States Leather prefd 71V4
4M> Untted States Rubber ; 32%
United States Rubber prefd »2
845 Western Union 83
2.480 Republic Iron A Steel.. 21%
1.550 Iron * Steeel prefd 67
P C C A St. Louis 65
302.000 shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 2s reg 103
l'6h reg 111%
U 8 3s coup 111%
U 8 new 4s reg. ...137
U S new 4s c0up... 137
U X old 4s reg....H7H
U S old 4s coup... 118%
U 8 6s reg 118' i
U S 5s coup... 116<4
D of Col t.C5s 118%
Atchlson gen 45....101<4
Atchlson adj 45... 82
Canada So 2ds 106
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 97
Ches & Ohio 55....H9>4
C & NW con 75. ..141%
C & NWSFdeb 55.121
Chicago Term 45.. 93
D * R G lsts 103
D A R G 4s 95%
ETTitd lsts.lo2
Erie Gen 4s. 71 '
F W & D C lsts.. 71%
Oen Electric 55. ...116%
G II X> S A 6s 108
O II & S'A 2d5....10<
H * T C ts.. 110%
H tTC con 65. ..110
lowa Cent lsts 114
X C P * G lsts.... 73
La new cons 45.... 106
L & N Uni 4* 99H
Southern Pac 45... $3\
M X A T 2ds 66
M IC A T 4s 91%
N V Central lsts..llO
N J Cent gen 65. ..123%
N Carolina 6s 127
N Carolina 4s 106
N Pacific 3s C 6%
N Pacific 4s 104%
N V C it S L 45. .108%
N & W con 45.;... 95Ms
N & W sen 6s 130
Or Nay lsts 109
Or Nay 4s 102%
Or Short Line 65.. 127%
Or S Line con 65.. 113
Reading Gen 4s 85%
ROW lsts.. »8
8 L & I M con 55. 111%
S L * S F ren 65. 121
ISt Paul c0n5.....
S P C & P lsts....H9U
S P C & P 5s 120
S Railway £s 10*%
Stand R A. T 6s 73
Term new set 35... 95
Tex & Pac 15t5. ...114
Tex & Pac 2d5.... 12V4
Union Pacific 45.. ..105%
Wabash lsts 117
Wabsj>h 2ds.. 98%
West Shore 4s 113*4
Wls Cent lsts 90%
Va Centuries SSH
Va deferred..-...:... S%
IColo & So 4s K%
, MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 23
Crown Point 10
Con Cal & Va 1 86
Deadwood 60
Gould A Curry 11
Hale & Norcross... 27
Homestake SO 00
Iron Silver 68i
Mexican 181
Ontario f 75
Ophlr 68
Plymouth JI
Quicksilver 1 £0
Quicksilver prefd.. 7 50
Sierra Nevada 32
Standard I 30
Union Con - 17
Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — j
Call loans 3<4S4<:
Time 10an5. .......3*;e5l
Stocks—
Atch, T & S Fe.... 22S
Do prefd 66%
Am Hugar ......... 98k
Do prefd 108 •
Bell Telephone 259
Hoi- ton & Albany.. 24l
Boston Elevated ..116
Boston & Maine... 196
Chi, Bur & 0 122»;l
Dominion Coal .... 43 j
Do prefd Ml 6 j
Federal Steel LI j
Do prefd 72 1 /i<
Fltchburg prefd ..131
Gen Elec 126
Do prefd 137
Ed Elec 111. .....:. .205
Mexican Cen ...... 12'
N E Gas &. Coke... 19
Union Pacific 48%
Union Land 2
West End 94 ¦
West Elec ......... 42
Wls Cen 17U
•Bonds—
Alchison.4s .... 99U
N E Gas & C 65.... 71
Mining shares —
Adventure 4V4
Allouez Mln C 0.... '2«v
Amal Copper ...... 93
Atlantic 23
Boston &-Mont 275 T"
Butte & 805t0n.... 61 '
Calumet & Hec1a.. 723
Centennial ........:17%
Franklin 14 .
Oscelola 72
Parrot ........"...... 44 ,
Qulncy .'. '....135'
Santa Fa Copper ..6%
Tamarack ISO
London Wool Sales.
Old Colony 207
Old Dominion 18%
Rubber 32
[Utah Mining 28H
IWlnona 2H
I Wolverines ........ 40%
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. 'March 7.— Money on call staady
at 2ff3V4 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4V4®5»4 - per cent. Sterling
exchange weak, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 R.*, Va 4 87% for demand and at
$4 S2hi for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 83Vi@
4 84 and $4 87^4 87>4. Commercial bills, $4 81%<9>
4 82V4- Silver certificates. 59%<8605iC. Bar sil
ver, 69*ie. Mexican dollars, 47?* c. Government
bonds. Irregular: State bonds, irregular; rail
road bonds, firmer.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON. March 7.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury I shows:
Available cash balance. $293,436,298; gold re
serve, $237,128,880. r .
London Market.
NEW YORK. March " 7.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The Inactivity which has characterized the
markets here recently continued to-day. They
began firm, but fell away generally In the af
ternoon on the reported spread of the rebellion
of Cape Dutch, although the real reasons were
probably the complete absence of public sup
port and the coming war loan which Is al
ready quoted at 1 to VI premium, although the
denominations 'and date are quite unknown.
Americans opened firm, but half an hour ex
hausted the business and New York failed to
respond. London seems fairly willing to buy,
but New York avoids giving a lead. Paris put
Tlntos to a fresh record— l4— but the close was
unchanged at t>3V
The bank bought £30.000 gold In bars and
£50,000 has been engaged for Argentina,
Call money and fixtures were wanted and the
bank renewed a moderate amount of loans and
did a large fresh business In them and also
a fair discount business. Bills were scarcer.
The Board of Trade returns for February
show Imports Increased ¦ 5.9 per cent, with .8
decline of £1,500,000 In corn and an Increase of
£1,115,000 In wool. Cotton was down 365,000
hundred-weight in quantity, but up a quarter
of a million In value. Exports increased 19.79,
chiefly in coal, cotton, piece-goods and iron.
CLOSING
LONDON, March 7.— Canadian Pacific. 101;
Union Pacific preferred. 76; Northern Pacific
preferred. 76' i; Atchlson, 23*»; Grand Trunk,
S\: Anaconda, 9%.
Bar silver, steady, 27',4d per ounce.
*~ . *
New York Grain and Produce.
* *
NEW YORK. March 7.— FLOUR-Recelpts,
13.672; exports, S94S. Fairly active for spring
patents, better grades of which are held at
$3 S5.
WHEAT— Receipts, 24,700; exports, 23,927;
spot firmer. No. 2 red, 75Hc elevator; No. 3
red, 77'4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, 7774 c f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 9%c f. o. b. afloat prompt. Options
opened firmer on higher cables and a bullish
Ohio State crop' report, but met selling orders
based on small seaboard clearances that pro
voked reaction and late weakness on distant
months, which Vloaed l«c net lower. March,
however, was U higher on a good export de
mand for No. 2 red wheat, which is getting
scarce here, and held at much stronger pre
miums. March. 74%<a74»ic. closed 74% c: May.
72 1-16572 9-16 C. closed 72»»c; July, closed 7Zr4c;
September, closed 72c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES-Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 10 points net higher. Total sales, 17.750 bags,
including: March, $6 95; April, $6 95; May,
$6 95: June. $6 S.'.fi « 90: July, $6 95; August.
$X 93; September. $7; November. $7 05; Decem
ber, $7 25; January. $7 25. Spot— Rio. nominal;
No. 7 Invoice, 8»»c. nominal; No. 7 Jobbing,
B?4e. Mild— Quiet; Cordova, 9HQI4C.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet and steady. Fair refin
ing, 3 13-16 c; centrifugal. 96 test, 4 5-16 c; mo
lasses sucar, 3?|C. Sales. 450 bags San Do
mingo sugar at 4 5-16 c; refined. Irregular.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4575 packages; strong.
June creamery. 18({j23Vic: Western creamery,
20526 c; factory. 195 20 c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8520 packages; barely steady;
Western at mark, 15 1 -«@15 l ie; Southern at mark.
14U615!ic. - -.?\*H
DRIED FRUITS.
Business was more active to-day with the
undertone of the market easier for evaporated
apples. Common grades ruled a shade under
yesterday's figures, due largely to heavy re
ceipts and a corresponding decline In country
markets. At the close the market was weak
with the tendency toward a lower level. Cali
fornia dried fruits continued In a dull and
uninteresting condition with prices as last
quoted.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4<4fisHc; prime. 6Q6Uc; choice, 7@7&c; fancy,
7* t 6Si4c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-SH'gTc per
pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13iffl.">c; Moorpark, 15(f17c.
PEACHES-Peeled. lS@22c; unpeeled. 7H'9*c
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. March 7.— Business in metals
was. generally speaking, in an unsatisfactory
form, the only actual officially quoted change
being a decline of 75 points In tin. making the
figure $34 25, at which the market closed easy.
PIGIROK— DuII and easy.
LEAD- Unchanged. $4 70(54 75. The broker's
price for lead was $4 45 and for copper $16 50.
SPELTER— Quiet, unchanged, $4 70®4 75.
Sugar marked down i-Bc.
Telegraphic Exchange higher. Sterling unchanged. ,
Shipment of $7522 to China.
U 'heat and Barley dull and easy.
Fair demand for Corn and Oats. Rye dull.
Slight changes in Beans. Seeds a; before.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged. Vegetables zveak and steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Four chrs of Eastern Poultry arrived. Game 'firmer.
Three cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Large Prunes especially zceak and neglected.
Provisions dull at former quotations.
Hogs continue to come in liberally.
market was strong; creamery. -19@M*4«: d » lrT '
16H@22c. Cheese, firm. 12®13c. Eggs. firm.
16®16Hc.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
*—— — — — -¦¦.¦...- .- : :»
United ¦ States Coast and .- Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
'. Waters • at ¦ Fort Point.' entrance to Ran
Fratfcisco Bay. Published by official au
*- thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The • high and -. low ¦ watsrs occur at
Charters.
Tb« Inagard toads merckanflise for Hllo: J.
O. North, merchandise for Honoipu; Tlnto Hill,
wfceat for Europe, prior to arrival, !7s 6d.
Tbe Charles R, Wilson loads lumber at Grsys
Harbor for Honolulu; W. F. Bibcock, rugax
at Honolulu for iJi-lawsre breakwater for or-
Ctrs, $6; 2£c less direct.
Treasure Shipments.
The America Mam took out a treasnr* list
ef $7122. consisting of $«K2 in Mexican dollars
w.fi Kii'- in gold coin.
Receipts of Wine end Brandy.
Receipts of Wine ani Brandy at this port
during the first two months of the year are
sls follows, compared with the same time In
IMS: Of Wine. 2.744.7W gallons, aealcst S.SM,
itl, of Brandy. VA.'J-< gallons, against 75.500.
National Coinage.
The monthly colnape of the Unit'fl Statei
Mir.tn for the current fiscal year to date is as
follows:
DcuWe eagles t46.0T3.520 00
Eagles .' ri.775.«30 00
Half eagles 2.453.716 00
Quarter cairles -. 65.2J5 00
Standard collars 8.666.4T2 00
Hslf dollars J.&M.6C2 50
Quarter dollars 3.212.118 00
I>irr.»s 1.&07.047 20
Nirkels 1.1M.J54 fa
Cents 632,330 S7
Grand total $59.656.:25 S2
\n U?S-99 J3.933.139 Li
Weather Report.
fir^h Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. Marrh 7—5 p. m.
The fnllowinc are the seasonal rainfalls to
<J«:p, as com reared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall 'n lest twenty-four hours:
La*t This La«t
Ptations— 24 hour*, season, eeaiton.
Eur»«a i.s J4.W
li~-. Bluff 0.14 17.75 13.3?
Sacra nw-nto 0.06 14.65 7.93
San Fraji'-lfvo "."9 16.23 t.W
Fresno Trace 7.02 3.85
Indftpendenr* ' '>.•") 2.16 1.15
fsn Luis <j!.)Fpo Trace 14.61 7.15
lsv* AnpelM-...'. O.fiO 5.F.5 2.?3
han IMf-RO 0.00 3.12 3.73
Yurna 0.00 0.76 l.*«
&in FranoiFrodata: Maximum temperature,
€1; minimum, £1; mean, :.c.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. . FORECAST.
A st^rm of considerable energy overlies Van
couver iFiand r.nd tlie Strait* of Fuea. The
prfE!=ur» tn tfiat vicinity is but slightly above
2V. Wry hirh winds are blowing generally
throuch "Washington and f>regon. Heavy rain
haj> fallen aJi<ng the coast. The temperature
ha* irmainw} nearly Hationar}' over the south
ern half r>f the Pacific dor* and has fallen
over Idaho. Washington and Or»ton.
The following maxitnum wind velocities are
r»t»oried: Portland. 4K miles per hour from the
south; Astoria. 4! from the southeast; Seattle.
T6 from the fouth; Wlnn^mucca. 34 from the
south; Poratello.' IS from the south; Red Bluff.
"0 from the southeast; Independence, 26 from
the south. • •
Rainfall of 1.18 inches is reported at Astoria.
Thunderstorm* are reported in Northern Ore
gon.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 8. 1900:
Northern California— Rain Thursday: high
foutbe«.sterly winds; dangerous for shipping
frr^m Car* Mendocino north.
Southern California—Cloudy Thursday, with
liifht rain in extreme northern part; westerly
winds, changing to southerly.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday, with rain in north
err, portion.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Unsettled
weather. with showers; high southeast,
changing to Bouthweet wind*.
Southeast storm signals are displayed from
Tolnt Reyes north.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
TO SAIU
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Sun rises « :3 *
Sun sets *:10
Moon sets 1:K a. m».
Boston Wool Market.
THURSDAY. MARCH 8.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
2 86; Reds, nominal: Blackeye, $4 35@4 65; But
ters, nominal; Lima. $3> 15@6 25; Pea.; $3 20®
3 40: Red Kidneys, $3 50®4.~
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; -Yellow
Mustard. 4%@4%c; Flax, $1 90£2 20; Canary.
3<4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. ' 9<gloc; Rape, 2V4®3c; Hemp. 4<@4>ic;
Timothy, 4@4V40. »<
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 5001 90; Green, $1 75
©2 60 per . ctL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions stand about the same.
Asparagus., and -Rhubarb continue to weaken
off j and the latter is | selling by the box in
many cases. | Beans are scarce and higher. So
are Sweet Potatoes. Receipts Included 223 boxes
Asparagus and 33S boxes Rhubarb.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 75£t85c: River Reds,
75@80c; Burbanks, 50@70c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 70c@$l 05; Sweet Potatoes. $125 for
River and $2 25@2 40 for Merced; New Potatoes,
S®3Vjc.
ONlONS— Oregons,* $1 75®2 10 \ per otl; Ne
vadas, $2©2 2S.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers. 75c per
dozen; Rhubarb, 3®sc per lb; Asparagus, 4®
10c; Green Peas, '3igSc per lb; String Beans,
»®l2Hc; Cebbage, 40<8£0c; Los Angeles Toma
toes, $I@l 50; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 8(9
10c; Dried Okra, 12% c per lb; Garlic, 2%®3V4c;
Green Peppers from Los' Angeles. ; Dried
Peppers, S@loc; Carrots. 25®35c per sack; Los
Angeles Summer Squash, $1 25 per box; Mar
rowfat Squash, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Four cars of. Eastern came In. making six
thus far this week. The market is steady.
Game sold higher.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10«llc for Gobblers
and ll@l2c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, nomi
nal; Geese, per pair. $1 75®2; GosHngs, $2 50@3;
Ducks, $4@5 for old and $4@5 for young; Hens,
$4 50«55 60: Toung Roosters. $6<gS 50: Old Roost
ers, $4 60@5; Fryers, $5 50@6; • Broilers, $5@5 50
for large and $3 60(8>4 50 for small: Pigeons.
$1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $1 75!g2 for
Squabs, y
GAME— Hare, $1 2501 60; Rabbits. $I<3l 75:
Gray Geese, $2®3; White, 75c(?$l 50; Brant,
$1 50^2: Honkers, $3®4 per dozen; English
Snipe. $2 60®3; Jack Snipe, , $1 60.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Stocks of Eggs are being kept under control
by storing them, and a demand for Victoria
also helps thlnss out. Butter and Cheese con
tinue weak and sellers make concessions to
close buyers. ::v>r--:.::-«: :v>r--:.::-« ;..--.•
BUTTER— .
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 21e; seconds, » 19
@20c '
Dairy— Fancy, 18@3S%e; good to choice. 16H®
17V4c; common, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, SV^ci.old. 8c;
Young America, 9»4@10c; Eastern, 15@16c;
Western, 13Vi@15c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 11%®12%C for store and
12%®13%c per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Three cars of Oranges were auctioned, as
follows: Fancy Navels, 96' s to 112's, $2 75; other
sizes. $1 25®2 35;.cholce, $IQI 70; standard. 80c@
$125; Seedlings, 7.v:js;.o. 'Lemons, $1 45@1 50.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— SO^76c per box for common. 83c@
$1 25 for . good to choice, and $1 50<31 75 for
fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 5C@2 50
per box: Seedllncs. 75c<3$l 60; Pomelos, 75c(f*
$2 50; Lemons. $K«1 i>o for common and $:'d2 60
for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $5 60<j?6:
California Limes. 50(6f75c: Bananas. $1 25@2 50
per bunch; Pineaprles, $3 50<g-4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Large Prunes are being forced on the market,
for that Is the only way in which they can be
sold.' A car of 50's and 60"s has recently been
sold at 3c. There Is little call for large Prunes
this year.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 454% c for
40-50's. 3©3% c for CO-60s, 3@34c for 60-70*s,
S%c for 70-80" s. 3c for 80'90's and 2%c for 90
100*8: Apricots, ll(gl2He for Royals. 12H@15c
for Moorparks and 12@13Hc for Blenheims;
Praches. SV»C6c ¦ for Standards, 6%(^6*ic for
cfolce and 7®Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10®
12% c; Evaporated Apples, 6<S7c; Sun-dried. 5@
5Hc per lb; Nectarines. B<g9c; Pears, 3H®4%e
for dark anfl 7®Bc for bright halves: Black
Figs, 2@2Vir: White Figs, 2<g3c; Bleached
Plums, BS9c: unbleached Plums, 7®7V4c for
pitted and lHc for unpltted. - ¦ ,
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, BV4c; choice, 7V&c; standard, 6%c;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc: ' Seedless,
50-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown. 6Vic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown •$1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
, NUTS— Chestnuts, 8S?c; Walnuts, B®9c for
standards and 9®loc for softshells; Almonds.
11%@12c for paper.shell, 9#loc for soft and 4^
6c for hard shell; Peanuts, 5%ig6%c for Eastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts, 7%@Bc: Fil
berts, 12®12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$4 60@5.
HONEY— Comb, 11%512c for bright and 10Vi®
He for light amber; water white extracted,
7«ic: light amber extracted, 7!4t?7Vic; dark.
SH'SSc per lb. •
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per lb for
hea\-y. 10c for llcht medium, lie for light, 123
for extra light and 13J,4c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, . 13@13%c; California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra
Moss. $13; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $14 50;
extra clear, $17;- Mess," $16; Smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%(@7c per lb . for
compound, and 8c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
BV4c: 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7!4*35%c per lb; 10-lb
tins. 9%c.
Hides,-Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
lOViS'llc; medium, 9V4@loc; light. 9V4@loc; Cow
hides 9%c; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Calf,
94®lbc: Dry Hides, sound. 18c: culls and
brnnds, 15@16c; Dry Kip and Veal, 17c; Dry
Calf. 19(Jf20c; Sheepskins, yearlings, 13<S30c
each; short Wool. 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c;
long Wool, $I@l 25 each; Horse Hides, $2 250
2 75 for large and 75c(ft$l 75 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, s®s»,jc per lb; No.
2. 4@4Hc; refined, 6%c; grease. 2%@3c.
WOOTr-
Fall clip. San Joaquln plains 9©loc; South
ern «@10c: Middle County. ll#13c: Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 17®20c: Eastern Oregon. 13t»
16c; Valley Oregon, IS® 2oc; Northern Mountain,
free, ll(g 14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 100
lie per lb.
HOPS-6%(510c per lb.
San Francisco "Meat Market.
Hogs continue to arrive . freely, chiefly from
the East. No change In prices.
BEEF — 6%®70 per lb for fair to choice. .
VEAL— 6%@B%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7V4<3Bc; ewes, 7®7%0 per
lb. ' ' -¦ \" :*-J;-' . . ¦. ¦ ¦
LAMB— Spring. 10c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6c for small and medium
and 5%55%c for large; stocks Hogs and feed
ers 6%®5»4c; dressed Hogs. 7©B%c.
General Mercliandise.
. BAGS— San Quenttn Bags, $5 66; Calcutta.
Grain Bags, «%®6%c; Wool Bass. 25%@32%c;
Fleece Twine. i"%c. ¦ ,•;• '. ,-»
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; new Welling
ton. JS; Southfleld Wellington, 17 60; Seattle,
$6 60; Bryant, S6 50; Coos Bay. $5 60; Wallsend,
$8; Co-operative Wallsend, $B;Scotch. ; Cum-
Cumberland.: Jl2. in .bulk and $13 50 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13: Cannel. $11
per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk«and $17 In
sacks.
SUGAR — The -Western Sugar Refining Com
pany has reduced Its prices and now quotes,
terms ¦' net ' cash, ¦¦ In" iloo-lb ¦¦= bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed; 6V4c; Powdered, 5V4c;
Candy Granulated, 5%c: Dry .Granulated, sc;
Confectioners' A, Be; -Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra
C, 4%c; Golden - C, ' 4%c: barrels." l-16c - more;
half-barrels. *>io more; • boxes Vie more; . 60-lb
bags." ',4c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its . equivalent. Domlnos, 'half
barrels, 6%c; boxes., Bc per Ib.
Receipts of Produce:^
FOR WEDNESDAY, MARCH T.
Flour.' qr sks .\. 32,140 Chicory. "• bbls .... ,50
Wheat, ctls .....42,502 Lime, bbls ....... -182
Barley, ctls ¦ . _3.590 Eggs, doz ;.*:..-.... 21,120
Oats.- ctls ....... 1.590 Quicksilver, flsks 86
Cheese, ctls 5.... 2<S Leather, 'r0115:... ¦¦ 93
Butter, ctls' • 512 Wine, gals ........106,100
Potatoes,, sks ... 945 Hides, no ."........ 305
Bran, sks 500 Pelts, bdls .:...... 1.010
Middlings, sks .. . 25' W001, bags ........ 21
Sugar, sks '.......'¦• 10iHay,.tons :.." 216
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 1900.
been in liquidation since 1875, is now paring
a dividend of $1 per share one th« capital stock
in liquidation.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, March 7— i p. m.
Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup. .114% —
4s quar reg.... — 1144
4s quar new.. 136 —
3s quar coup.. — —
Miscellaneous—
Cal-st Cab 65. 117 —
C C Wat 55...106H —
Ed L & P 65.. 129 — "
F & Cl Ry 65.115U — .
Geary-«t R 6s. — *S -
H C & S 5V45.10S 110
Do 6s 106% —
L A Ry 55... 105% —
L A L Co ss. — ' —
. Do gntd 65.. — —
Do gntd 65.. — 103
L A & P R 55.102V;i02%
Market-st 65.. .128% —
Do Ist M 6s. 116 V —
NCN G R 75.10« —
N R of Cal 65.113%114
Do 5s 116
N P C R R 65.1C3% —
Do 5s 106»A107
N C R R 65.. 109 —
Oak GL&H Ss.lll —
Oak Tran «s.. — 112%
Oak W Co 65.. 105- —
Oceanic S C 0.105%. 105% —
Om C Ry65..127H12S
P & Cl Ry 65. 105
PktO Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 65117 —
Sac LGAR-Ss. — • 100
8 F *SJV 55.117 —
S Rof Cal 6s.HO - —
CP of A 65. .111 —
8 PC 65(1905).H0 —
Do (1906) ....112 113
Do (1912) — —
Do Ist eg 6s. — , —\
B P Br to 127 —
S V Wat 65.. — 114
Do 4s ........103% —
S VW 45(3dm)102«4 —
Stktn Gas 65.. — —
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 64U 65
Marln County. — ' —
Spring Valley. 93% 98%
¦ Gas ie Electric-
Cent G L Co.. — —
Cent L&. P... 4 4%
I Bld.Ask.'
Eqult GLCo — 3T*
Mutual El Co. — 12%
O G L & H... 49 60H
Pac Gas Imp.. 344 —
Pac LCo 44 +4*4
S F O & E... 63\ 53 7 4
San Francisco. 44 t
Stockton Gas.. 10 —
'Insurance—
Flrem's Fund.22« . —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. — O
Bank of Ca1...402U —
Cal S D & T.. 9»%100
First National.2so 305
Lon P & A. ..133 —
Merchants* Ex 14 —
Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Savings Banks—
Ger S & L..1800 — -
Hum S & L. — —
Mut Sar Bk. 45 —
S F Say U. 607*4 —
Say & L So. 74 7S
Sec Say Bk. — — -
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads-
California 119H121
G»ary-st 60 —
Market-st Ry. 62% 62%
OS L A H..:. — 50
Presidio 13 —
Powder Stocks-
California ....150 160
Giant Con Co. 90H 91 |
Vlgorlt 2>i —
Sugar Stocks—
Hana S P Co. 9% 10
Haw C&BCo SS —
Honokaa S Co. 31 Sl%
Hutch S P Co. 26% J7
Kllauea S Co. 1»V» 20 .
Makaweli S C 47 — J
Onomea S Co. 27% —
Paauhau S C. 29»» 30
Mfscellaneous —
Al Pac Assn.. 120 121
Cal Fruit Asn 99% —
Mer Ex Assn. 99H
Oceanic S Co. 93 —
Pac A F A... 2 —
Pac C Bor C0.147H —
Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session. ¦ . ¦
;v; v' J : Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Association 120(0
25 Contra Costa Water 67 75
60 Contra Costa Water 67 50
20 Contra Costa Water 67 25
25 Contra Costa Water 67 00
50 Contra Costa Water 66 60
25 Contra Costa Water 66 25
60 Contra Costa Water :. 66 00
ICO Equitable Gas Z 75
5 Giant Powder Con 91 00
¦» 5 Giant Powder Con 90 75
10 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 87 50
40 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 87 75
60 Honokaa Sugar Co 31 50
25 Honokaa Sugar Co, s 3 31 50
110 Hutchlnson S P Co 26 75
100 Kllauea S P Co 19 SO
250 Makawell Sugar Co 47 25
50 Market Street Railway 62 50
75 Oakland Gas 50 00
60 Oceanic S S Co 93 00
'70 Onomea Sugar Co 27 50
60 Paauhau S P Co IS 62%
20 Paauhau S. P Co 28 75
100 Paauhau S P Co 29 CO
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 64 50
25 S F Gas A Electric Co 54 25
• 160 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 00
10 8 F Gas & Electric Co 63 75
70 Spring Valley Water 98 25
Street—
, 70 Oakland Gas SO 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
40 Contra Costa Water 66 00
1005 Contra Costa Water 65 50
50 Contra Costa Water, s 30 64 87H
100 liana S P Co. s 90 10 00
150 Hana S P Co 10 00
50 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 87 75
50 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 88 00
100 Honokaa Sugar Co 21 50
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 27 £0
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 26 57!4
J3OOO Los Angeles Ry 6s 105 25
100 Makaweli Sugar Co 47 S7Vi
$3000 Oceanic S S bonds 105 75
15 Onomea Sugar Co 27 50 !
60 Onomea Sugar Co 2S 00
170 Paauhau 8 P Co 29 37*4
25 Pacific Gas Imp 54 50
50 Pacific Gas Imp .... ". 54 25
JSOOO S V of A bonds.... 11l 00
60 S F Gas & Electric C 0......*.... 53 75
60 8 F Gas & Electric Co 63 60
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 63 25
Street—
230 Hutchinson S P Co 27 00
200 Kllauea S P Co 19 «24
75 Onomea Sugar Co 27 oO
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 75
50 Spring Valley Water 9S 25
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Barker Ranch 115
300 Anaconda ...;.........; ..SO
• • r Afternoon Session. '¦¦¦- i
Board—
300 Anaconda B0
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— _
130 Caribou J5
200 Home Oil » «»
Afternoon Session.
Board—
. 50 National •*»
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board .yesterday:
Morning Session.
1200 Alpha- 04i
100 Andes 10
200 Belcher 26
1000 Belcher 27
200 Caledonia 74
100 Caledonia 73
ICO Challenge 22
600 Challenge 211
600 Chollar 25
50 Chollar 24
400 Crown Point... 13
200 Crown Point... 12
300 Justice 07i
700 Ophlr 74
1100 Overman 13
900 Overman 24
300 Potosl 25
300 Potosl 24
300 Savage 14
100 Sierra Nevada. 36
630 Sierra Nevada. 35
300 Sliver Hill 08
100 Union Con 21
100 Utah 10
200 Utah 09
1000 Yellow Jacket.. IS
Afternoon Session
400 Alpha 06
100 Best & Belcher. 37
200 Con Cal & Va..l 50
300 Crown Point 14
100 Justice 07
100 Occidental 151
200 Ophlr 7«
200 Ophlr 75
500 Savage 13
100 Sierra Nevada. 36
300 Utah 09
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session,
200 Best & Belcher. 36
200 Caledonia 74
100 Caledonia 73
200 Caledonia 70
600 Challenge Con. 21
200 Challenge Con. 22
1000 Chollar 25
100 C C & Va 1 40
100 C C & Va....l 42%
200 C C t Va 1 45
400 Gould & Curry. 14
300 Justice 07
300 Mexican 22
200 Occidental 15
100 Ophir 75
SOO Overman 22
250 Overman 24
500 Potosl 25
500 Savage 13
SOO Savage .14
700 Sierra Nevada. 35
200 Silver Hill 08
300 Silver Hi 11....... 07
200 Union Con 21
700 Yellow Jacket.. 18
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher/ 37
200 Caledonia ...... '74
300 Chollar •,",.??
600 C C ft Va....l 4.H
200 C C * Va......l 50
400 C C A Va....l 52H
200 Gould A Curry. 15
300 Mexican 231
200 Occidental 141
100 Ophlr .......... 76
200 Ophir .......... 77
500 Overman ....... 27
500 Sierra Nevada. So
200 Sierra Nevada. 37
600 Silver Hill OS
200 Union Con SI
300 Utah 10
500 Utah 09
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESD
Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 05
Alta 06 07 :
Andes U «
Belcher M 29 <
Best & Belcher 37 38 <
Bullion 04 05 U
Caledonia ..• 74 76
Chollar 26. 27 !
Challenge • Con. 22 23 !
Confidence ..... 77 SO !
Con Cal & Va-.l 50 1 uo !
Con Imperial... — 02 !
Con New YorK. — 04 1!
Crown. Point... IS 151!
Exchequer 03 04 '!
Gould & Curry. 14 15
Hale & Norcrs.- 31 S3
Julia — 02
Justice 06 OS
>AY, March 7—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.
Kentuck ....... 01 03
Lady Wash 02 —
Mexican 23 14
Occidental 15 16
Ophlr 77 7S
Overman 2S 27
Potosl 25 28
Savags ......... 14 -15
Scorpion ¦ .;..'... ' — 02
Sen Belcher 04 05
Sierra Nevada. 38 37
Silver Hill 07 ,03
St Louis — * 13
Standard 180 —
Syndicate 05 —
Union Con 20 23
Utah 09 10
Yellow Jacket. IS 20
&% fe
DON'T FORGET THE
BIG AUCTION SALE
Oae hundred head of Horses and Mules, rang-
ing from 1000 to 1700 pounds, all well broke aad
gentle, at 1625 Market St.. near Twelfth.
. THIS DAY.
THURSDAY. 11 o'clock, rain or shin*.
THOS. MADIOAN.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. .May. July-
Opening 5 10- 6 9 6 8%
Closing 6 10% 89U , sB *
Wheat— ' Mar. May- Aug.
Opening 19 70 20 75
Closing
Flour-
Opening ... ......;..... 25 80 M 80
Closing
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide- is the same at both places.
VOTE.. In the abov« exposltlcn of the tides
•jje early mornlnir tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Ths>
second time column gives the second tlda oi
the day the third time column the third Udo
and the' last or right hand column gives th»
la-t tide of the day. except when there are but
thre- tides as sometimes occurs. The heights
Irlven are in addition to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts. *«'Pt
when a minus sign (-) precedes the height,
and t»«en the number given Is subtracted fron
She dopth given by the charts. The plan, ot
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
BOSTON, March 7.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: The wool
market has been almost lifeless since our last
.report. There has" been but little inquiry for
any kind of stock, as most manufacturers have
been practically out of the market, being pretty
well supplied for the time being, and will not
be tempted to buy. Those who are not plenti
fully'supplied have been holding oft, pending
the opening of .the London wool sales, and the
fact that these sales opened on Tuesday at a
decline of 7% to 10 per cent has not been cal
culated to Induce them to hasten their pur
chases of the raw material. In such a dull
condition of affairs the market Is naturally
weak, although at this writing owners of wool
have not manifested any marked disposition to
press sales, as they well know that many
manufacturers are so well stocked with wool
that it would require considerable concession
to Induce them to take hold. The sales of the
week In Boston amounted to 1.500.000 domestic
and 85,000 foreign, making a total of :.885.000.
against a total of 2.391.000 for the previous
week, and a total of 3.332.000 for the corres
ponding week last yea?. The sales since Janu
ary 1 amount to 32,501,000 pounds, against 36,
802,500 pounds for the corresponding time last
years.
LONDON, March 7.— There was .a full at
tendance at the second day's session of the
present series of wool auction and trading was
keener all around, the Continent securing the
most medium, greasy wools. The home trade
took principally scoureds, and crossbreds were
well competed for by the home and American
representatives. Cape of Good Hope and Natal
were In small " supply, being mostly short
wooled. and sold at ten per cent below the
January series. The number of bales offered
was 13,440. -
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. March T.— CATTLE — Rf-ceipts,
10,000: market active, generally 10c to 15c higher
on all grades of beef cattle. Native good to
prime steers, ts 15<5jS: poor to medium, $4@4 90;
selecte.l feeders, active. It 15®4 75; mixed
stockers, steady to slow, $3 40@3 90: cows, best,
10c hUher. others firm. $3 10@4 35; heifers,
strong to lCc higher, $3 25@3 75; canners, active,
firm. X 25@3; bulls, strong. 12 75@4 40; calves,
steady, {4 7507 76. Texans— Receipts, 1000: Texas
fed st?ers, strong, advance of 10c. J4@s;- Texas
bulls in demand, active, higher, $3 2Mi 2 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 23, C00; to-morrow, es
timated, 20,000; left over, 3000; active, average'
5c higher; top, io. .Mixed and butchers, J4 TOfi)
4 95; good to choice heavy, 14 85@5; rough
heavy, S4 70®4 SO; light. $4 65{j4 90; bulk of
sales. $4 Ss'(/4 92%.
SHEEP— Receipts. 10,000; sheep and lambs,
active, shade higher, many Colorado lambs
Si "tit 7 50, hlghefit on record for the season.
Good to choice wethers. 15 60@6; fair to choice,
mixed. |4 7555 50; Western sheep. $5 SOOS 95;
yearlings, $5 90®6 60; native lambs, $5 25(277 50;
Western lambs, J6#7 50.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. March 7.-Clearlngs, $287.055;
balances, $43,571.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, March 7.— Wheat, steady;
Walla Walla, 52; Valley, 51@52; Bluestem, 64®
55.
• WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 7.— Wheat market dull and
prices unchanged. Bluestem, 52% c; Club, 50V4c
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 7.— Consols. 100%; silver,
27% d: French rentes, 102f 27% c: wheat cargoes
of! coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
dull for white, firm for red. r
LIVERPOOL, March 7.— Wheat, firm; wheat
In Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet. • •
COTTON— Uplands. 5%d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, March 7.— WHEAT— Spot No.
2. red Western winter, stocks exhausted; No. 1,
Northern spring. 6s %d. Futures, firm; March,
5s 10% d; May. 5s 9Ud.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new, 3s
9%d: old, 3s 9%d. Futures, steady; May, 3s
B%d; July. 3s 7"« d. _
# _ ! '- *
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHICAGO. March 7.— Wheat formed a mod
erately active market at times, but generally
both the speculative and the cash prospect
were bare, resulting In a very narrow range.
May opened at 66?/66%c, and supported by St.
Louis buying and higher cables advanced to
CSSfiGG'ic. An unfavorable report of crop con
ditions In Ohio, conjuring up visions of dam
ages in other States as well, received some
consideration also. Until nearly noon the mar
ket clung steadily around 66c. Then Influences
in the. shape of a break at St. Louis, liberal
receipts and the light demand made themselves
felt, bearing May to 65% c. The close was
barely steady. May »4c down at 65%@65%c. The
unusually heavy receipts of flour, ¦ 175,000 bar
rels, excited considerable Interest here, but it
Is said that most of the stuff was merely in
transit for Liverpool. .
Corn was strong nearly the . whole session,
yielding a bit at the end on profit-taking, but
closing I'.rm. The malfi support was the as
sertion tr-at a Baltimore exporter had taken
1.W0.00Q bushels from here within- tne last two
days. May closed a shade up.
Oats were dull and steady most of the time
with corn, but yielding Anally with the. wheat
break. May closed <«i: under. ¦: , •
The provision pit was re;narl:nb'e for Its
dullness. It was half deserted At times and
trades were small and far between. There was,
however. Just enough cash letnand 10 keep
stocks from ..accumulating and this,- combined
with the strength of com.' neld the market
steady as a fashion. May pork • Ics.M i'fec
under yesterday ' and May lard -and May ribs
unchanged. ¦ • ¦ ' .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Notice to Mariners. ~
CAPE MENDOCINO. CALIFORNIA.
;itis reported . that Blunts Reef whistling
buoy, painted red and marked "Blunt" in
white letters, off Cape Mendoclno. California
has disappeared. Another whistling buoy wifl
be established in the same location as soon as
practicable. ... .
¦This .notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. . Pacific Coast. 1900. page 2S.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U: SEBREE.- Commander. . U. S.X.,
; Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Time Ball.'
Branch Hydrographlc Office.' U. S. : N. Mer«
chants' • Exchange, San Francisco. ' Cal.
March 7. 1900. ...... * '
. -The time ball was not dropped to-day, > owing
to weakness of the noon signal. - "
» * ¦-.;:. c. G. calkins.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charg*.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 3—3 — ••¦--¦»
March C 4% 65 64% ¦ 64%
May 66% 65%' 65% 65-Y
July C6T4 67-4 6SVa 66*
Corn No. 2— • .
March : *".I;l'-v .... 3314
May 35% Mi . 35 35%
July 85>4 354 - 35% 35%,
September 25% ' :53% " 330. 35^
O«ts No. 2—
May ..; 23% ".-2314 *3«4 -23%
J«l/ •• Cv, 22H 22H 22 * 22' i
Mess pork, per bbl —
May 10 63 10 67", 10 60 .10 60
July 10 70 10 72>4 10 65 10 65 '
' I-ard. per 100 lbs— >¦¦-...
May 6SO 690 5 87% 5 87%,
July 6 57% 5 97% 695 5 97%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs— •
May ..» 5 X.' „5 Si ." 5 52% I S2%'
July. 5 87% 5 87% 6 85. 655
Cash quotations were a* follows: Flour
steady: No. 3 spring wheat.' 61@63%c; . No 1 2
red. CS(?C3c; No. 2 eorn,v34e: No. 2 oats, 234®
23% c; No. 2 white. 26%©26% c; No. 3 white, '2M
©26c: No. 2 rye. !w%e; No. 2 barley,- 37@40c;
No. 1 flaxseed, SI 60: .prime, ttmothy seed $2 46
mess pork, per bbl. $9 674Q10 62%; lard, per 100
pounds.- 55 72%(§'3 77%: short ribs sides (loose).
$» 70R5 65; drj' raited shoulders (boxed), 6<i@
G%c; short clear sides • (boxed), $5 95(gc 0i;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, . per gallon,
$1 24; sugars, cut loaf, 16 05; granulated, $5 49.
Articles— -? Receipts. : Shipments.'
Flour, barrels ..176.000 .. 49.000
Wheat, bushels ....: 67,000. 7.000
Corn, bushels .:.........SU.W>O 129.00()
Oats, bushels' 497,000 - 116.000
Rye. bushels 7.000 ¦_ . ....;
Barley, bushels ....125.000 . ; 45,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the butter
8
is.
Steamer.
Aberdeen Puget Soond ~.. Mar . »
San Jo«e Aeapulco Mar. I
Corona San Diego .- •- Mar. a
Cltv of Puebla Victoria A Pu«et Sound Mar. %
Point Arena.... Potnt Artma Mar. *
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. i
A Blanchard.. Coos Bay » Mar. t
Martposa Sydney - Mar. »
Arcata ICoos Bay - Mar. t
Rrt-toi Oyster Harbor Mar. i»
TrttaS -..:....... O? Bter8 ter Harbor Mar. W
State of Ca1.... Portland.... Mar. U
Newburs Onja Harbor Mar. U
Robt. Adamson Xanalnio. Mar. U
North Fork Humboldt Mar. U
Proereso ........ Tacoma Mar. 12
Washtenaw ... Tacoma Mar. 13
Homer Portland...™ JJ* 1 "-?!
Welllnrtoir Oyster Harbor Mar. 1J
Pomona. San Diego Mar. 12
Queen Victoria & Puset Sound Mar. 13
Uaellc China and Japan Mar. IS
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 13
Empire Coos Bay...™ Mar. »
Benmohr Oyster Harbor
Coos Bay Newport Mar .l 4
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 14
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Mar. II
Steamer. I Destination. I
Salli.
Pier.
Curacao ...Mexico Mar. 8, 10 tm Pier 11
Coos Bay... Newport. Mar. 8. 9am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 9, 10 am Pier 13
O W Elder Portland Mar. 9, 10 am Pier 2*
Corona San Diego Mar. 19. 11 am Pier U
Acapuleo .. Panama Mar. 10. 12 m PM3S
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 10. Ipm Pier I
Orizaba .... Humboldt Mar. 10. Jpm Pier »
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 10. 10 am Pier 13
City Puebla Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 12. 10 am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport Mar. 12. 9am Pier H
Pomona .... San Dlejfo Mar. 14. 11 ami Pier 11
Homer Oregon Ports. Mar. 14. 9am Pier 13
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Mar. 14.
State of Cal Portland Mar. 14. 10 am Pier 2*
Hathor ....Europe Mar. 14
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 15. I am Pier 1
City Peking Chlnaft Japan Mar. IS. Ipm PMS3
. O . Ttme Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft.
? H W L. W H W L» W
. g ... «:JS I.I 11:56 0.4 7:05 3.« 11:» J.»
» ... 5:35 4.3 12:59 0.4 8:0« 4.2
L VT H "W I, W ' H W
10 .. 0:59 3.2 «:4g 5.0 1:54 0.3 8:55 4.4
11 J:05 3.1 7:55 S.O 2:41 0.3 9:35 4.S
1* * 2:39 2.7 »:S4 S.O 3:20 0.4 10:10 S.O
«.' 3-.43I 2.3 9:45 5.1 3:541 0.4 10:421 5.1
U " | 4:20 1-9 10:33 6.1 4:30 0.9 ll:10| 5.J
is.
Steamer.
Aberdeen Puget Soond ~.. Mar . »
San Jo«e Aeapulco Mar. I
Corona San Diego .- •- Mar. a
Cltv of Puebla Victoria A Pu«et Sound Mar. %
Point Arena.... Potnt Artma Mar. *
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. i
A Blanchard.. Coos Bay » Mar. t
Martposa Sydney - Mar. »
Arcata ICoos Bay - Mar. t
Rrt-toi Oyster Harbor Mar. i»
TrttaS -..:....... O? Bter8 ter Harbor Mar. W
State of Ca1.... Portland.... Mar. U
Newburs Onja Harbor Mar. U
Robt. Adamson Xanalnio. Mar. U
North Fork Humboldt Mar. U
Proereso ........ Tacoma Mar. 12
Washtenaw ... Tacoma Mar. 13
Homer Portland...™ JJ* 1 "-?!
Welllnrtoir Oyster Harbor Mar. 1J
Pomona. San Diego Mar. 12
Queen Victoria & Puset Sound Mar. 13
Uaellc China and Japan Mar. IS
Orizaba Humboldt Mar. 13
Empire Coos Bay...™ Mar. »
Benmohr Oyster Harbor
Coos Bay Newport Mar .l 4
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 14
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Mar. II
Steamer. I Destination. I
Salli.
Pier.
Curacao ...Mexico Mar. 8, 10 tm Pier 11
Coos Bay... Newport. Mar. 8. 9am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 9, 10 am Pier 13
O W Elder Portland Mar. 9, 10 am Pier 2*
Corona San Diego Mar. 19. 11 am Pier U
Acapuleo .. Panama Mar. 10. 12 m PM3S
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 10. Ipm Pier I
Orizaba .... Humboldt Mar. 10. Jpm Pier »
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 10. 10 am Pier 13
City Puebla Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 12. 10 am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport Mar. 12. 9am Pier H
Pomona .... San Dlejfo Mar. 14. 11 ami Pier 11
Homer Oregon Ports. Mar. 14. 9am Pier 13
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Mar. 14.
State of Cal Portland Mar. 14. 10 am Pier 2*
Hathor ....Europe Mar. 14
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 15. I am Pier 1
City Peking Chlnaft Japan Mar. IS. Ipm PMS3ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
Special Dispatch to The Ca11..,. ; ¦.'-¦';. ?
I WASHINGTON; March ".—Pensions-
California— Original: De: Witt , C. Thomp
son, Mount Olivet. $10; | Peter. C. Anson,
Soldiers', Home. Los Angeles, $8. Increase
—James La Niece. San Bernardino, $6. t0
$8- Andrew P. Peterson, Veterans' Home,
Napa $6 to $8. Reissue and Increase-
Thomas H. Green. San Jose, $S^to $10. .-•;---
Oregon— Original: -William ¦* R. .' ;.Ward,
Gooseberry. Jl2: Edwin M: Wllkins; Lang
lols $10 Increase— Albert: Francis.. Moni
tor'sl2 to $17;* John A; Tracey.Medford. $6
to $8;' Andrew 'J. TJsher, s Columbia City,
* 6 W°ashYngt6n!— Original: ¦*' Stephen' -. K.
G rover, > Copalis, $6.., Increase-^-Henry
Wamboldt,,Centralia, $6 to $8. ,;'...
Oppose Reservation Bill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE, March 7.— The Board
of Supervisors of this county at , to-day's
session ! adopted, resolutions- memorializing
the California delegation • in Congress ito
defeat' if possible Senator • Stewart's pro
posed extension of- the I Lake Tahoe -Na
tional Park. AH classes of citizens In this
FIGURED WITH
KEENE IN THE
BIG BONANZAS
Charles T. Davis' Participa
"i tion in the "Great Short
Deal."
Arrest of the "Wall-Street Editor Be
; calls a Famous Mining Transac
tion of Twenty-Five
Years Ago.
? .. — j • .
New York dispatches announce . the in
dictment by special Grand Jury of Charle3
T. Davis, editor- of the Wall-street Re
view, and five other men on the charge
that they circulated false reports in order
to depress Brooklyn Rapid Transit stock
and profit by the decline. Davis was ar
raigned on three indictments, two alleging
felony and one misdemeanor, and was
held in $11,000 bail. •
Charles Thomas Davis was well known
here in the seventies and especially is re
membered for the events of 1875, in which
he was a moving figure In connection with
the great short deal of "Jim" Keene in
"the big bonanza mines," shares in which
the bonanza firm of Flood, O'Brien, Fair
and Mackay were the principal holders.
Many old-timers, now that the rancor of
a quarter of a century ago has passed
away, do not care to antagonize Jim
Keene or to throw, stones at. the grave of
one of the engineers who made what was
popularly styled "the bogus map" of the
big bonanzas. George R. Wells, who was
an attorney for -Flood and was an "in
sider, remembers that there was a. Charles
Davis here. but. he says that he does not
know whether the one in trouble In, New
York is the one he knew.
.Two persons have been discovered
who are sure, that Charles Thomas Davis
Is the one who operated in San Fran
cisco to the large advantage of Jim Keene
in the campaign to short the shares of the
big bonanza. .One of these is Denia Kear
ney; the other is Richard Wheeler, once
a writer for the financial and mining
stock department of the San Francisco
Alta. Kearney recollects Davis because
Davis attacked him' with a cane on a San
Francisco street when the discussion over
the "new constitution" that California
adopted in the seventies was hot. Kearney
had Davis arrested and he was 'fined $100
for the assault. Kearpey' says, that Da
vis was working to bear the shares of tha
big bonanza, and that Keene. was playing
on the same side of the market.
When Davis and Keene were discovered
to be working together in New York a
New York detective agency put the In
vestigation of the antecedents of Davis
into the hands of Curtin's Detective
Agency In this city. Wheeler made! a
statement to Curtin, of which the follow
ing are the salient points: He knew Da
vis well. He was the mining editor of- the
San Francisco Alta In 1875. Davis came to
him and told him that he was connected
with Humbert Brothers, who were min
ing engineers. He also said that he had
inside information • about Consolidated
California and Virginia stocks, and that
there was a party in town who had come
to raid these stocks. Subsequently Davis
made other statements to the same effect,
and the statements were published by
Wheeler in the Alta, which was then the
leading financial publication of the city.
After a while Wheeler found out that the
statements were wholly false and without
foundation.
The Humberts had prepared a map of the
bonanza mines, which was subsequently
denounced as "the bogus map." Wheeler
was under the impression that -Davis, was
then only pretending to act with the
Humberts, but that he was really act
ing with Flood. Keene made much
money on the market eventually. I Davis
was on the side all the time, that Keene
"pretended to be." "Davis was- then
about 30 years old, undersized, medium
build,. fresh complexion, an Englishman.
Friends of Flood do not take the view
that Jim Keene. was playing on the same
side of the market as Flood. On the con
trary, they assert strongly that he was
fighting Flood, and that after the map
made by the Humbert brothers had been
used to > short stocks it. was subsequently
proved to be only enough right to de
ceive. .After the bogus map had shown
that the vein broke off dividends' were
paid for four years and Flood and Mackay
took out dividends at the rate of $1,200,000
per month for a long time. Keene and
Davis both-affected to believe that the
bogus map was genuine. .:. -? _ : ¦
son-square Theater, New York. The
piece is a high class farce from tht
pen of William Gillette, the author of
"Sherlock Holmes," "Secret Service"
and other gTeat successes. .
J. X. Dodson, the famous character
actor, is at the head of the company,
and other prominent members are
Annie Irish, Francis Carlisle, Kate
Meek. Eleanor Braham, Ralph Dean,
Tully Marshall, W. J. Constantine,
Charles Eldridge, Roy Fairchild, Mar
garet Mayo. Margaret Fielding,
Marion Fairfax, Francis Comstock
and others.
"Because She Loved Him So" has
been styled "The Little Minister" on
account of the delicate and refined
humor that pervades it and the heart
reaching sentiment of Its story. No
light piece yet. oftered by Charles
Frohman has given such general satis
faction, and none has been so highly
praised. It Is a play that' old and j
young alike enjoy, for its story- ap
peals strongly to- them both. Seats i
for the production -will be ready this
morning.
nerian scheme in this group o f legendary
dramas and which is so convincingly set
forth in the musical treatment of diversi
fied dramatic elements was analyzed and
expressed by Mr. Damrosch in his cus
tomary pleasant and unincumbored style,
and he evoked the aid of the piano with
the mastery that we have already learned
to associate with him.
The interest of his recitals increases with
each new offering, and there was nothing
of the essence of "Die Walkure" that he
did not supply with a scholarly and sym
pathetic impress.
The legend was delightfully detailed,
and in every phase of its dramatic pur
pose the music was dissected and ex
plained -with a thorough insight and an
unaffected analysis of the principle and
Intent of its construction. ¦¦...',,¦• .
Mr. Damro*ib-"« method is one" of sim
plification and he has the faculty of con
veying his knowledge with modesty and
at the same time an authority that gives
the greatest value to his discourse.
His execution -of the elaborately scored
music is technically masterful and won
derfully facile, and his success In illustra
tion was given a new and greater interest
yesterday in his handling of the involute
themeß of the last act of "Die Walkure."
The enthusiasm which Mr. Damrosch has
excited is not so outwardly evident as it
is intense and g-enulne. and the recitals
that are to come should but add to the fa
vor and support that have been accorded
him.
WILL BE A TREAT
FOR THEATER GOERS
PRESSURE BEARS
ON MEMBERS OF
BROTHERHOODS
Railroad Officials Trying to
Break Down Phalanx
of Opposition.
Under Demand From Headquarters
Three Conductors Said to Have
Joined the Huntington
' Belief Bureau.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway. March 7.
Railroad men find no comfort in the of
ficial announcement from headquarter*
that no compulsion will be used to induce
employes to join the Huntlngton relief
bureau. It Is asserted as the belief of the
workmen that General Manager Krutt
schnitt's proclamation Is nothing- more
than a> device to sway public opinion if
possible toward the railroad company in
the fight which is on over the Insurance
scheme.
That the employes take no stock In tha
manifesto Is evident from the fact that It
has not deterred them from going ahead
with the organization of their union
grievance committee which is to go before
the headquarters officials with their ob
jections to the plan. While extremely
guarded in their statements in public, tha
Oakland railroad men do not hesltata
among themselves to attack every phase
of the proposition. That the officials aru
alarmed over the situation and fear mora
serious results than mere verbal criticism
has been made known to the men from
developments of the past twenty-four
hours.
It is certain now that a lot of spies and
"spotters" have been thrown among tha
men to report upon their bearing toward
the scheme. Further than that It is cur
rent talk among the men that the offi
cials are moving quietly but surely to
create dissension in the ranks of brother
hood members.
In the Order of Railway Conductors
there has been a strong attempt to start
the men toward an open support of the
Insurance project. While the greatest
secrecy is maintained concerning every
move of the conductors and the other
brotherhoods there is a well defined re
port among the West Oakland yards that
the railroad officials have tried to break
into the ranks of the brotherhoods and
have been straining every effort to lnducw
some of the men to openly avow sym
pathy with the proposed relief depart
ment. . - -
The report lacks definite confirmation
because the men are afraid to remove
the ban of secrecy from their meeting
proceedings. It l», strongly declared
among the men, however, that the
• strenuous efforts of the headquarters
officials have resulted so far in no serious
breaks in the ranks. Three of the main
line conductors, it ia understood, have
made application for membership in tha
relief bureau, but this defection Is not
considered- of serious importance, as the
men have expected that a few of the en
gineers and conductors would take such
a step.
With the conductors, trainmen ami
firemen represented in the grievance
committee, there remains yet to com
plete the- committee by representation
from the Brotherhood of Engineers,
which .will meet on Friday evening.
The general committee's meeting. Bet for
Saturday' night, will probably determine
Just what form the combined opposition
to the relief bureau will take.
Division ¦ Superintendent Agler has re
ceived instructions to use every endeavor
to conciliate the men and to turn the
tide .of disapproval of the Insurance
project. There has been no evidence that
the men have any desire to compromise
at present. While they do not openly
avow themselves in favor of a walkout,
there are many men in the company's
employ- who feel very belHjrerent. But
a strike is a matter of the distant future.
if such a conrsp shall ever b«» taken.
Weekly Call, $1 pep Year
SIXTY-TWO
MINERS LOST
THEIR LIVES
Long List of Victims of
the Red Ash Colliery
Disaster.
ONLY ONE MAN ESCAPED
Lone Survivor Declares There Is No
Reason to Hope That Any of
His Comrades Are Still
Alive.
FIRE CREEK, Va., March 7.— The res
cuing parties. continued working hard at
the Red ABh mine to-day and to-night
removing and securing bodies of the vlc
tlmu of the explosion of ¦ yesterday. The
most conservative estimates of those
connected with the mines places the num
ber kiUed at fifty-two, while it Is gener
ally believed that the number will be
found to be sixty-two. Six more bodies
were recovered early this morning. A re
port from the rescuers at the mine after
b o'clock to-night was that thirty-four vic
tims had been recovered, twenty-nine be
ing dead and five seriously injured.
while the surviving miners and others
estimated that there are at least thirty
nine miners still entombed, General Man
ager Howell says there are only thirty
six still in the mine.
None of the mines in this district are
yet working, and thousands of persons
visited the scene of the Red Ash dis
aster to-day. No definite e4u.se for the
explosion h.-is yet been learned by Gov
ernor Atkinson, or the State and district
mine inspectors, who are investigating.
In addition to the dust and fire damp
theories, it was claimed to-dny that nat
ural gas had escaped into the mine and
that it ignited when the miners entered
yesterday with their lighted lamps.
The work of rescuing parties is retarded
by hot air, and it is feared the mine is
on fire. Air is pumped into the mine by
compression. It will be several days be
fore all the bodies are recovered, as they
arc scattered along for almost a mile
under the ground, and it will require much
time to clear the debris from this long
subterranean course.
The, only person who entered the mine
and who is known to have escaped alive
and without serious injury is Electrician
Evans, who was near the mouth of the
mine. In relating his experience Evana
said:
"I heard a low, rumbling sound, similar
to an earthquake, and 1 realized in an in
stant that lire damp had exploded. Be
fore the force of the concussion reached
me I threw myself down upon my face.
A sheet of flame, rock and debris shot
over my head. I managed to creep to the
mouth and Into the fresh air. My. God, It
was awful! 1 saw that I was the only one
left. Every one of the other fellows was
lost, I know." ¦ •-. ¦ '
A pathtic feature of the disaster is the
annihilation of the family of B. B. Lone,
fire boss. His wife died some time ago,
leaving to" his sole care two little bo>-s.
Having no one to. stay with them in their
desolate home, the boys begged to go With
their father into the mine, to spend' the
da 3 - -with him. He consented, and .when
the search is finished their blackened lit
tle bodies will be found\be»lde that of
the father.
The unexplained cause «f the accident
has terrified miners 'in adjoining looali
• fes. Mnny are afraid to go to work, and
It will- require the most searching inspec
tion by competent men to remove • their
fears and induce the.m to return to their
places. . . • . ,• ' • ' - ¦ •••¦
LECTURE AND RECITAL
ON "DIE WALKURE"
Mr. Damrosch Discourses on An
other of Wagner's Music-
Dramas. -
Walter Damrosch's second recital, which
was held yesterday afternoon at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'c Hall, was devoted to "Die
Waikure" and accentuated the success
of his first effort as a lecturer and illus
trator. The opera, the first of the Kreat
Vlbelungen Trilogy, which we had heard
prefaced by a most entertaining.elucida
tion of the Rhelngrold prelude, was . pre
sented to an appreciative audience with
ell that charm and intelligence -which je
have already learned to look for In Mr.
Damroech'B admirable expositions. ¦_
The harmony that underlies ' the .vVa«-
NARROWLY ESCAPED
DEATH IN A RUNAWAY
Joseph Bnrtini'S' Team Collides With
- a "Wagon Driven" by Louis ''
. Simini.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN ! RAFAEL, March 7.-Joseph Bar
tlnl and Louis Slmini, two ranchers, while
driving down a steep. grade north of the
summit house, on the Bollnas road, last
night, met with an adventure that came
near costing the lrves of both. , . .
: Bartinl had , passed ' the summit house,
when his team shied at a piece of paper
and dashed -at' a•> furious pace down the
grade, which sis over seven miles long.
When half way down Bartlni'g team over
took a buggy driven by , Louis SlminL
Slmini was unable to turn out to let Bar
tini'B runaway team pass, and whipped his
horse up to keep. ahead of them. At the
bottom of the grade ¦ Slmlnl's- horse fell
and tha pursuing : team ran over * hla
buggy, throwing out Bartinl. Both men
were badly bruised and the buggies
smashed >to • splinters. The horse driven
by Slmini, a valuable- animal , owned by
the Alta stables here, was Beriously cut.
CRAIG TERRORIZES
CLARKSVILLE RESIDENTS
Is Well Armed and Hiding in 'the
Brush Near the Town.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE, March 7. - John
Craig, who is accused of the attempt to
murder Martin Van Winklin. a promi
nent cattle- raiser, residing near Clarks
ville, on Saturday last, has not yet been
apprehended. :" . .
Five officers are now searching for
Craig, who is' believed to be hiding near
the scene of his crime. Craig, who is
a half-breed, Is a dangerous character.
He is an ex-convict, having served time
in the State prison for • the attempted
murder of one of the' Jamison boys at
Nashville.
He has been a terror to the people
around Clarksville. for some time, and It
Is reported that he told his uncle Sunday
night that he had shot one man -there
and that four more would be shot be
fore h* was captured. He is in hiding
in -the brush on the' outskirts of Clarks
vllle, and the neighborhood Is completely
terrorized. The stockmen hardly dare
to attend to their cattle for fear of being
shot from ambush, and every one, women
and children included, stays under cover
as much as possible. J. Miser, Al Grigs,
of Clarksville, and one of the Freemans,
are three of the" four men whom Craig
has ¦ threatened to shoot. ¦ :¦ '.
Sheriff Boeqult to-.day offered a reward
of $120 for his arrest. .Van Winklin is im
proving and hopes are now entertained
that he will -survive"-th e cowardly at
tempt to kill' him.
Baker Knocks Out Barry.
SALINAS, March 7.— George Baker of
San Francisco and Kid Barry of Los An
geles, fought before the Monterey County
Athletic Club to-night. In the seventh
round Baker landed a right swing on
Barry's jaw. knocking him out. James
Clark of Watsonville was the referee. .
Stanford Debaters Chosen.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 7.—
The finals from which to pick the inter
collegiate debating team were held m t>e
chapel to-night. The question debated
upon was: "Resolved, That the English
policy in the Transvaal i 3 Justifiable."
The Judges were Professors Ross, Fetter
and Newcomer. They announced the
teams as follows: First team — J. E.
Springer, Anna G. Fraser, Cecil M. Mar
rick. Second team — C. A. Quale, J. F.
English "and F. B. Wagner. From thl*
team an alternate will be chosen one week
before the debate.
B. Fay Mills to Remain.
OAKLAND, March 7.— The trustees of
the First Unitarian Church will be able to
comply with the salary requirements of
Rev.,B. Fay Mills, it la understood, and
at their meeting to-morrow afternoon he
will be called to the pastorate of the
church. »iy.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
William Spiers, a stage owner of Calls
toga, is at the Lick.
Judge I. F. Poston of Selma Is staying
at the Lick.
W. H. Clary, a mine owner of Stockton,
Is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. A. E. Halli a prominent physician
of San Jose, is a guest at the Lick.
Henry Doyle, a wealthy business man
of Vancouver, is a guest at the Palace.
James McCudden, a Vallejo contractor,
is one of the recent arrivals at the Grand.
A. J. Ross, a wealthy horse fancier of
Sacramento, Is at the Grand for a few
days.
Jesse D. Carr, a capitalist of Salinas,
is among the" arrivals last night at the
Occidental.
C. W. Fulton, a well-known merchant of
Astoria. Or.; isan arrival of yesterday at
the Occidental.
J. Alexander, a wealthy merchant and
land owner of Susanville, is at the Grand
for a short utay.
E. Lloyd Williams and Morton Smole,
traveler* from London, Eng., are regis
tered at the Palace. ..
Colonel B. J. P. Irwin, U. S. A., is at
the Occidental, where he arrived yester
day from Chicago. Mrs. Irwin accompa
nies her husband.
Commander J. B. Brlggs, U. S. N., Is
at the Occidental. Commander Bri'ggs
returned from the Orient on the Warren
after having completed his term of service
with the Asiatic squadron.
W. W. Foote. the well-known attorney
and Paris Commissioner, will leave this
morning for the Paris Exposition. He
will visit several of the large Eastern cit
ies before crossing the Atlantic. He satis
from New York April 10.
PRESIDENT KRUGER
RETURNS TO PRETORIA
GLENCOE. Natal, Saturday, March 3.—
President Kruger has returned to Preto
ria. His address to the burghers has fired
them with fresh enthusiasm to continue
the fight for independence and to bring
the war to a successful Issue.
CARNARVON, Cape Colony, Tuesday,
March 6.— A refugee, who has arrived here
from Kenhardt says that early on Wed
nesday, February 28, shots were ex
changed with the rebels, who retired.
Thereupon Commandant de Koek arrived
with a flag of truce. The magistrate who
went from Kenhardt to meet him was im
mediately made a prisoner and the rebels
then poured 'into the town, hoisted the
white flag, proclaimed the district to be
Free State territory, sang volkslied and
began commandeering.
, The magistrate was detained for trial
at Bloemfontein. The' refugee says the
natives are being severely, treated.
LONG NOW THE WORLD'S
CHAMPION TRAP SHOT
Defeats Captain Bogardus, Who Has
• Held the Title for Seventeen
¦•''¦ - ; Years."
J HOT SPRINGS,. Ark., March 7.— Scores
of women were in the big. crowd to-day
which saw Mrs.^Shattuck of Minneapolis,
champion woman trap shot of the world,
shoot with C E. D. Long, the Arkansas
champion, i after Long had just defeated
Captain A. H. , Bogardus, who held - the
world's championship for seventeen years.
In the shoot of twenty single targets,
Long broke twenty- straight to Bogardus'
eighteen. In the double target event, ten
paces each, Long-smashed thirteen to ten
for Bogardus. Long then killed sixteen
live birds out of twenty, while Bogardus
settled fifteen.' , . . .;
Mrs.- Shattuck shattered sixteen, out -of
twenty, single targets to Long's seventeen.
The ten-paces event resulted In 11. for Mrs.
Shattuck and 13 for long. Mrs. Shattuck
killed :16 out of her 20 live birds. . Long
scored 19 dead pigeons and won the triang
ular contest. ' ¦-."''. •
Another Body Found.
•¦' -REDDING, | March 7. — The recovery of
at least two, more , bodies of victims of
the recent- accident at : the Iron Mountain
mine Is near. This afternoon the search
ers uncovered S a human foot protruding
from the debris. The head had not been
uncovered at a late hour this evening, so
the identity of the victim is unknown. ¦ It
is believed, however, to be* A. Oates. He
and A. Van; Buren were • known to be
working, together, so another body is ex
pected to be found within a f«w feet. The
location of the remains of J. Mcßroom Is
as i yet. _ unknown. _ , _:-. : - ¦<*.¦¦'."
Killed by a Horse.
' . SANTA ANA. March 7.— Meade Burton
Matthews, the 7-year-old : son of R. A.
Matthews, l.was "dragged .to a horrible
death at Raitt's dairy, south of town, last
night; -,¦¦ .The • boy was ¦ leading a horse .to
water, when the 'animal • became ¦ fright
ened and ran away. The lad became en
tangled |In the rope 'around ithe animal's
neck and was dragged over • half a mile.
¦When the horse 'finally stopped the boy
was lifeless and his body almost reduced
to a pulp. ' - : *
Stock , Issue Canceled.
: * HONOLULU. Feb. » 24.— At a .; special
meeting of the stockholders of the Ameri
can Sugar Company : yesterday It- was da
olded to cancel the issue of $600,000 of ad
ditional stock made a short time ago. re
funding: to subscribers what they bad paid
In on this account. - .
Death of Mrs. Sevening.
ALAMEDA. March 7.— Mrs. Louisa Sev
ening, wife of Henry Sevening, president
of the Alameda Savings Bank and Bank
of Alameda. died at 9 o'clock this even
ing at the family residence on Central
avenue. Mrs. Sevening had been 111 from
dropsy for a year. There are three
daughters — Mrs. Frank Miller of Oakland.
Miss Lulu Sevening and Miss Alma Seven-
Ing. The deceased was 5S years old and a
native of Germany.
BROWN APPOINTED
JUDGE FOR ALASKA
Railroad Influence Said to Be in a
Measure Responsible for His
Appointment.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— The Presi
dent has nominated Melville G. Brown to
be United States Judge for Alaska. This
nomination came as a surprise to Pacific
Coast Congressmen. Perhaps the most
powerful influence brought to bear' in
Judge Brown's behalf came from New
York. Judge Dillon of New York City,
the attorney in so many railroad reorgani
zation matters, wrote a strong letter to
the President In support of Judge Brown,
whom he had known as attorney, in
Wyoming for the Union Pacific Railroad
when Judge Dillon was its chief counsel
in New York. There were other railroad
influences back of Judge Brown, princi
pally from California, where he. has a
number of relatives. He is a son-in-law
of J. W. Flllmore, superintendent of the
narrow gauge branch of the Southern Pa
cific from Oakland to Santa Cruz, and is
a cousin of J. A. Fillmore. manager of the
Southern Pacific at San Francisco. -
Judge Brown has been a practicing at
torney at'Laramle, Wyo., for twenty-five
years and 'is nearly 60 years of age.
HAWAIIAN LEGISLATORS
ARE IN A PREDICAMENT
Receive No Instructions From Wash
ington Regarding the Holding
of a Session.
HONOLULU, Feb. 24.— According to the
Hawaiian constitution the Legislature
should have been called together on the
21st, but this Government had no instruc
tion from Washington, so the lawmakers
were not assembled. A few members of
the lower house met on the date men
tioned and then adjourned until to-day.
They will adjourn from day to day until
President McKinley is heard from.
The members of the Senate took no ac
tion. They believe that the situation is so
complicated that only a call of President
McKinley could straighten It out. During
the afternoon of the 21st Attorney General
Cooper communicated by telephone with
President Wilder of the Senate and Sena
tor Waterhouse, expressing the view that
the body should meet In some manner ana
adjourn. Mr. Wilder replied that he had
no authority to call the Senate together
acid would not attempt to do so until in
structed by President McKinley.
The action of the House in meeting has
been commented upon in various ways,
but the consensus of opinion seems to be
that the stand of Speaker Kaulukou was
correct. It is agreed that the constitu
tion has been compiled with and that the
House is now in session on proper lines.
Any technicality. in this regard has been
removed. It only remains now for the
sergeant at arms to notify country mem
bers that the House Is in session accord
ing to law and their presence is required.
PLAGUE STORY DENIED.
Dr. Foster Says Disease on Nanyo
Maru Is Beri-Beri.
'¦ VICTORIA, B. C, March 7.— Official ad
vice has been received, of the appearance
of genuine bubonic plague on the N. Y.K.
steamship Nanyo Maru at Diamond Head
(Port Townsend). . .. ;
SEATTLE, Wash., March 7.— A ; special
dispatch to the - Post-Intelligencer jfrom
Port Townsend, Wash., says: - Dr. Foster,
in charge of the quarantine station, flatly
denies the rumor in circulation to the
effect that bubonic plague and not berl
berr afflicted the crew of the Japanese
pteamer Nanyo Maru, which has been de
tained at Diamond Point for some months
past. The story is a fake, said to have
originated in Victoria. ¦
Peacemaker Shot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILIiOWS, March' 7.— This evening at
about 9:80 o'clock Charles ¦Westeriall,:, a
laborer on the Trexler ranch "about. twelve
miles west of here, shot a fellow laborer
named Frank Bishop in '.both thighs
Neither wound is apt to prove very, dan
gerous. ¦ Bishop says that. he. received the
wounds while acting as peacemaker ;be
tween Westenall and another man; Wes
tenall -was intoxicated "at .the ; time an.l
Bishop does not believe the bullets were
intended for him.*
ADVENTURER IS
HOUNDED AWAY
BY THE POLICE
A. Mongreni de Lassomm,
Under Many Cloaks, Is
Forced to Quit City.
>
Officers Livingston and McMurray
Finish Work on a Pathetic
Story Told by a Young
French Girl.
>
Through the efforts of Police Officer
Luke Livingston of the California-street
Police Station and Officer McMurray of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children, Professor A. Mongrenl de
Lapsomm, who has masqueraded for many
\ ears under the guise of an illusionist and
j.restidigitateur, but who really was con
cealing the reality of conducting houses
of ill-fame and the business of import
ing young girls for immoral purposes, has
at last been driven from San Francisco.
It was reported at the California-street
Station last night by Officer Livingston
that the man had taken passage for
Hongkong on the America Maru. en route
to Paris, where he will probably remain.
On the 18th day of last February Officer
Livingston was called to a house at 1709
Powell street, where De Lassomm claimed
that his niece was being held a prisoner
x.g2dn±t her will. Livingston investigated
the ca?e and found a girl, who gave the
name of Gabriel L. Hourenon. sick and in
the care nf a woman named Mrs. Sattler
tSSmon. The girl did not wish to be taken
away by De Lessomm and told the officer
a pathetic story of how she had been in
duced to leave her home in France by the
alleged illusionist, who told her that she
should go on the stage with him in Amer-
She said she was at present but 17 years
of age and had been compelled to enter
a house of 111 fame at 520 Dupont street,
instead of becoming a queen of the foot
lirtata as had been represented to her.
$hr beffged that she might not be thrust
t.iick into the power of the man who had
wrought her ruin, and Officer Livingston
irterested the Society for the Prevention
of Cru'-iiy to Children in her behalf. He
and Officer McMurray had the girl re
moved to the French Hospital after a con
sultation with the French Consul, and left
i-trict Instructions that De Lassomm
should njot see her under any pretense.
They then went to work, on the case,
hoj/i'ng to land the alleged seducer in San
Ouentin Meanwhile De Lassomm did see
tre" girl and after he had visited her a
few times she switched her story and re
fused to prosecute the man. .
L»« Lassomm disposed of his house of 111—
fame on Dupont street to Louisa Fay and
pr-pared to leave the city when he found
that the police were on his tracks. Re
rently the officers discovered that the gin
had been taken without their knowledge
by De Laffomm to a house at 515 Kearny
street, and then they realized the hope
lessness of their efforts in prosecuting the
man.
With De Lassomm was another woman,
over age, who he claims is his wife. She
also exerted her Influence with the girl to
prevent her from repeating the story and
at one time they were going to arrest
both women on charges of vagrancy.
They abandoned their efforts in this re
gard and started a crusade which re-
Fultfd in driving the man from this city.
Before he left he purchased tickets to
Paris and it is supposed that that place
will be hi* destination.
D* Lassomm has formerly conducted
liou*t^s of 111-fame at 505 Dupont street.
Uelden place and in other localities.
county are opposed to the proposed reser
vation. ...
. . . . f .
LONG LIST OF DEAD
SENT FROM MANILA
American Soldiers Who Have Sue-
cumbed to Disease in Philippine
Hospitals.
WASHINGTON. March 7.—Quartermas
ter General Ludlngton has been informed
that the transport Sheridan left Manila
yesterday and "the transport Westminster
left there to-day, both bound for San
Francisco.
Another casualty list was received at
the "War Department to-day from General
Otis, as follows:
DEATHS.
Appendicitis — March 2, Tllden A. Logan, Com
pany B. Twenty-eighth. .
. Diarrhea — March 1, Charles L. Slocum, Com
pany X, Thirty-seventh Infantry. ¦ .
Dysentery— December 6, Henry Alexander,
Twenty-fourth Infantry; February 7, ' John
McEacheran, corporal. Company B, Thirty
seventh Infantry; February 24, Willis C. Ful
ton, Company C. Seventeenth Infantry: Febru
ary 27, William Banks, Company B. Forty-ninth
Infantry; February 27, Ed Stroup, Company X,
Thirty-seventh Infantry: February. 18, James
Pryor,' Twenty-fourth Infantry.. '
. Drowned— February .., 24. John Hendrlfkson,
Company E, -Thirty-seventh Infantry, Rio
Patrrajan, at Lumband. . „.
Kntprltls — February 25, Harvey L. ' Leeman.
Company F, Eiehteenth Infantry.' -- . -
Typhoid fever— February 7, Moss B." Robe,
Company C. Nineteenth Infantry: February 22,
William Walker, Company L, Ninth Infantry.
Malarial fever— February 24. Petronilo Gurule,
Company L. Thirty-fourth Infantry; February
27, Mikal •D. Crane, Company B. Thirty-fifth
Ipfantry. and Henry Tllley. quartermaster ser
geant, Company G, Ninth Infantry.
WOUNDED IN ACTION.
January 20, George F. Baudann, Company. F,
Eleventh Cavalry, and Patrick Phelan, Com
pany I, .Eleventh Cavalry; February 23. Wil
liam. F. '. Kinhell, Company D, thirty-seventh
Infantry: February 2S, Thomas. Brown, cor
poral. Thirty-eighth Infantry- ¦ • <
Variola— February 17, Fred S. Johnston, Com
pany I, Thirty-third Infantry*.. February .22,
Paul H. rhtlips. Fourth Cavalry; February 25.
Joseph A. Martin, hospital corps; February 26,
Charlea E. Ramsey, Thirty-third Infantry;
March 3, James M. Woodland, Company, M,
Seventh Infantry.- ', .
Pleurisy— February 23, Taylor Johnson,. Co
mpany F, Twenty-second Infantry- ' ¦
Chloroform anaesthesia— February 17, Robert
M. Bartlett. Company H, Forty-tiecond In
fantry.
MORGAN TELLS
OF GEN. CORBIN'S
COWARDICE
His Actions in Battle Ex
cited Ridicule'' of. Officers*;.'
, and Men.
Seeks to Excuse Him,; However, on
the Plea of Extreme Youth
and Inexperience.
NEW YORK, March 7.— J. T. Morgan,
late colonel *of the Fourteenth United
States Colored Infantry, has written an
open letter to the Tribune with reference
to Adjutant General Corbln's . military
record during the Civil War.
He states that he is prompted to write
the letter by the frequent mentioning of
his name in connection with the Senate
resolution of inquiry as to the military
record oT General Corbln.
Colonel Morgan's letter deals principally
with the battle : at • Nashville. Term.. De
cember-14 and 15, ;1«M;\ during- whico he
was in command of, an improvised division
of white and colored troops. The officers
commanding regiments under him includ
ed Lieutenant 'Colonel' Charles 11. Grosve
nor, now member of CorigressT Colonel
(now general) W. Rl Shafter and > Lieuten
ant Colonel (now general) Corbln'. .
Writing of this battle. Colonel Morgan
says:
"Colonel Shafter and Colonel Grosvenor
acquitted themselves with great credit,
Shafter showing special activity and cour
age and suffering the loss of many, of his
men.
"I was not with Lieutenant-Colonel Cor
bin during the lighting, but officers re
ported to me after the battle was ended
that he had betrayed such cowardice as
to excite the ridicule of both officers and
men. I spoke to him about 'it -and he at
once tendered me his resignation, subse
quently, however, withdrawing it.
"In my official report* of the battle I
said that I thought that Lieutenant Colo
nel Corbln did not have the courage requi
site to command brave men. Many years
afterward, when, the.' 'Rebellion records'
were about to be published,, I was. urged
to expunge that sentence before the re
port was published. This -I declined to.do
on two grounds — first, because I did not
feel at liberty to alter the records; believ
ing that such action on my part and on
that of other officers would not only tend
to destroy their historical accuracy and
value; and second, because subsequent
events closely connected with my report
and my record would be; without proper
explanation.
"I preferred charges against Lieutenant
Colonel Corbin based upon the information
I had received and believed to be correct,
and on these charges he was brought to
trial by a court-martial, which, however,
acquitted him._.
"Subsequently he united with others and
preferred charges against me on which I
was brought to trial. The findings of the
court-martial- were set sside. I was given
the • command of a brigade by the per
sonal act of Governor Thomas, .was sub
sequently promoted by. the President as
brevet brigadier general and was con
firmed by the Senate. In August, 1865, the
war being over, I left the service. Lieu
tenant Colonel Corbln became Colonel of
the regiment, and, if • I mistake not. he
has remained continuously in the. army
from that time to the present, a period of
nearly, thirty-five years. '• " ' >™&
" "I regret that any one has seen fit to
bring up this matter, for I am of the opin
ion that the Nashville Incident ought not
at" this time to have weight in determine
ing the question as to whether the.ad
jutant general of the army should be
made major general. Corbin and I were
at that time very .young volunteer offi
cers, with, but little experience in either
life or service, and it seems to me that
neither his act- as a soldier nor mine
as a commanding officer ought " to be
judged in the "severe military standard of
the regular army.' I believed at that ti?ne
that Colonel Corbin had betrayed cow
ardice so reported and felt it my duty
to court-martial him. But the Judgment
of the court did not sustain me. and the
incident should be regarded as closed. -
"The question whether the adjutant
general of the army should be a major
general is one to be determined by ex
perts and ' I do not feel called upon at
the present time to pass any opinion upon
it My object in writing this communca
tion Is to state facts as they occurred, so
as to remove from the public mind many
misapprehensions and ,- misunderstand
ings. -. ;¦. __________i__^_ ;, - '¦¦ "..,.
A HANDSOME new courthouse -\ will soon grace Martinez, the county seat of Contra Costa County. At a meeting
of the Board of Supervisors held last Monday the plans of Cunningham Brothers, submitted, in competition, wero
unanimously approved and adopted. •.-,'."
The building will be an elegant and commodious structure in the style of the Renaissance.. .. Sandstone will be
used entirely for the exterior, and the building, which will be absolutely fl re-proof, will cost $100,000.
When completed the building wUI surpass anything of its kind in the State. The members of the Board of Supervisors
who voted in favor of erecting the courthouse according to the plans prepared by Cunningham Brothers. are: J. -If. Wight
man of Antioch, chairman; P. J. Tormey of Rodeo, E. J. Randall of Concord, .William Hemme of Davisville and Paul de
Martini of Clayton. V
NEW COURTHOUSE FOR
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY
THE SAX FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 1900.
Magnificent Structure That Will Cost One Hundred Thousand Dollars
~ ¦ .. test it care- t. j&£
fully you may not xk^j
50 cups — SO cts. Rffi 1
Hlgnl/ cone««'r«t»d, d« iciout In Pj
I flavor «nd m»d« in t minut*. flo^l S
9
/fS=O HARLES FROHMAN is to send
¦fT his latest successful comedy pro
\ =^ ductlon. "Because She Loved
Him So," direct to this city from
Its Eastern triumphs. The play will
be presented here at the Columbia
Theater next Monday night, when it
wrOJ probably be greeted by one of the
most fashionable audiences of the
pf*as=on.
It will be produced here by the same
company that presented it during Its
run of nearly 200 nights at the Madi-SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
rTJFTTCEFS OFFICE cf the San rr_nctseo
Call, corner cf Market and Thlrfi streets, open
o-tii H o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-t:7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until *:36 p. m.
100 Hayes street: open until J:*9 p. m.
*~» McAllister street; open until »:M p. tn.
*JS _*rktn street: open until 9:30 p. m.
IS4I Ml— 'ton street; open until 18 p. m.
tltl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh rtreet: open untU » P- m.
IW6 Valencia etr»et: open until » p. m.
J£S3 Tolk street: open until 9 p. m.
JCort-wert corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tuclty street*: open until • P. m.
3IEETINU NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA I-oOre No. 1. F. and A. __
M will raM THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. March S. at 7:SO o'clock. jLj\
Third de*re*. By or.ier of the maocr./V >
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MISSION Cliamer No. 79. R. A. M. •
.< r *cial meeting THIS (THURSDAY) JV
EVENING. 7:3' <>'<-!. .<.-k. Mlwslon Ma- Tfi X
Fonic Tcrr.rle :0O Mission st. Royal /~r
Arch degree. By order of the H. P., ,
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
DORIC !>o.i_e No. 116. F. and A. M.— __
ppecitl meeting THIS (THURSDAY) __\_
i:\KNING. at 7:CI o'clock. Third JLjt
decree. _U*_r M<i*ons are cordially / 1
in\lted. By order of the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7. I. O. « *j
O. F.— The officers and the funeral \[
committee of the above encampment VV ,
f.re hereby notified to assemble at Odd * V
Fellows' Hall, corner Market and Seventh :
¦ts.. on FRIDAY. March 9. at 1:80 o-clock
p. m.. fcr the purprse of attending the funeral
cf our late patriarch. JACOB ECHLEICHER.
Ey oruer. CHAS. QUAST. Fin. !*cribe.
PACIFIC Lodse No. 155. I. O. -*?»«_?>
O. F.— lnitiation THIS EVE.V-^^jS
ING. Visitors cordially icvlted.
FRED I). ASHWORTH. N. G. ¦'filW
ADOLPHUS E. GRAUPNER. Rec. Sec.
GKRMANIA .Lodge No. US. I. O. <_**a_>
O. F— The funeral committee. §SZrL, 5a
officers and members of the above
lodge are invited to attend the '*»<*¦
funeral of our late brother. J. SCHLEICHER.
at I. O. O. F. Hall, corner Market and
Seventh sts., FRIDAY March ?. at 1:30 p. m.
A. WAGNER. N. G.
EMIL NIEMEIER. R. S.
TH— San Francisco Scottish Thistle _ «5r -w.
Club mffti THIS (THURSDAY) IA, _»«£?
EVENING. Fiatemity Hall. 32 _* V X_V
O'Farrell street.. at S o'clock, "fe***
Business of irrc*~rtance. election, etc Every
memr>er is requested to attend.
JOHN BOSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
EUREKA Grove No. 4. U. A. O. D.— The *fl_
officers ajid the funeral committee ofnS
the ahive srrove are hereby notified to ~-— • |
«ssemh> at Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter St.. on
FRIDAY. March S. at 1 o'clock p. m., for the !
parrxTfe of attendint the funeral of our late 1
brother, JACOB PCHLEICHER. Hy order.
CHAIILES QVA.ST. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual MWJ 1 * '
meeting of the stockholders ln the A. »f^f j
O. F. Hall Association o? San Fran- _f A
Cisco will l»e held In Excelsior Hall. A. ->->
O. F. building. I<"2 O'Farrell St.. San Fran-
ci*eo. Cal.. on SATURDAY, the 10th day of
March. 1900, at 7:30 p. m.
D. E. HF.PECKER, President.
J. FALCONER. Secretary.
AGE >TS y ANTED
A FEW apt ladle* can procure paying em- I
¦ rloyment by calling between 11 and 2. or after
€ p. m. HARMON. 13SA Fourth Bt. \
AGENTS everywhere to sell Mrs. Webb's Cal.
Complexion eoap. Add. Bell & Co.. 6 Eddy.
LADlHS— Agents; something new. 602 Geary
Ft.. Pan Francisco. ....
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MASERY of Kgypt. greatest astrolo-
F'tt and palmist In the world: satisfaction
ruarsrteed. 437 Golden Gate aye.
ATTOIIXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a jpedalty: private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, fcSO Market, cor. Stocktn. j
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. i
W. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market st. opp. Mason.
K. H. MEHZI3ACH. attorney at law, ha* re-
sumed practice at SOS Cal. St.. Clunie bldg.
L B. CLAHK. Emma Spreckeis bldg.. >27 Mar- j
ket »t.: cnn«ult_tior free: no fees in advance, j
DATII CABI\ET.« THERMAL.
ROBINSON $5 4-ranel folding; see It before
buying. W. S. BROWN, Coast Agt.. 42« Ellis.
ItOAIIUIXG FOR CIIILDREX.
A CHILD to care for; mother's care given.
Inquire lVtf Washington et.
WANTKD— I or 2 children to beard ln German
family: l*-st care. 439 Minna st.
IJOOICS XEW A>"D OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bourht and exchanged.
Hcl-ft P-ock Co.. 704 Ml»«1nn *t-. near Third.
UOOT AND SHOE HAKGAI.XS.
CHILIiP.EN-S etioes, neat and good, special.. esc
Ladies' lace or button shoes, special $1 00
f-i- pair rren'e shoes, all slz«s. special $1 15
People's Fhoe Etcre. 1303 Stockton, nr. Br'dw'y.
tt ¦ PAIRS drummers' sample shoes at manu-
facturer's cost. J. Kohlbecher. 145 Fourth Bt.
DL'SIAESS CHANGES. ~
A—ssoo;A — $500; SALOON and lunchhouse; between fac-
tories and lumber yards: daily receipts $15;
rent J%; a snap. R. G. WILKE. &0« Market.
A— J27iO; KIRST-CLASS paying corner grocery
and bar on Turk Et. : place established many
years; stock all frech; good horse and wagon;
* living rooms; rent $50. Call R. G. WILKE.
frO6 Market st.
A— fTOfr— CORNER grocery and bar on gutter
ti.. with 3 living-rooms and bath; rent $25;
pood paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
MM Market st.
A— J»i0; SALOON. Kearny St., close to Presoott
House; splendid paying place; low rent: owner
leaves for Nome. R. G. WILKE. MS Market.
A— $550; CORNER grocery • and bar; living
room; rent $15; very best locution on Twenty-
second Bt.; stock will Invoice $700: rare bar-
can. Cal! R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A $1600 GROCERY store; In beet location ln the
Mirsaon: 3 living rooms; bath; rent $20; a
rare chance for good paying business. Call
R. <3. WILKE. room 8. 906 Market Et.
A— $iSG; RESTAURANT and cbop house on
Etockton et.: eetabl. many ye.ra and clearing
• bove $_>0 per month. Call room ». Wfc Mar-
ket rt. R. G. WILKE.
A-!2 : ">-." ROOM hotel with first-class paying
r_loot:; cloee to the ferries depot on the wa-
ter Irunt; house always croivded and known
on both tides of the Pacific. Call R. O.
WILKE. l-Ofi Market «t.. room 8.
A— PARTNER with SvOOO c«*h or property: good
b'j»!ne*s: ext*rience unnecessary; monopoly.
I'ac. States Realty Co., S2O Emporium bldg.
FINE crocery r:n<] lx_r; Ftock worth . money
s^k^d: tt'.g ci-.j-h trade; 4H years' lease. Pa-
clflc gutes Realty Co.. m> Market, room 229.
BUTCHER shop; tig tmde; $450; worth $1000;
rtorfe. wagon. ca*h register; all complete.
i-latf_ Realty Co.. r. 320 Emporium.
A— CORNER gr.x-ery and l>.«ir; best in city: see
It to-day. COWING & CO.. 71* Market et.
A— ror.XEll grocery; first-class location; big
br.rpaln to clos* buyers. COWING. 71!> Market.
FINE >-H\i«tn; complete; cheap rent; great bar-
_nairu f2T.. COWING & CO.. 71S Market st.
CORNER grocery; l^st In city; great sacrifice.
<Q\ViN<; _ CO.. 71* Market Rt.
BARGAIN lor buying or selllnc saloons or any
t.u£ln*>e: fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. r.?"»ij Calif orni_ «t.. room i.
lIDO HJkUOOJt with 3 living rooms; flne trade.
Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal, !»•* Call-
fcrnfa rt.. room !.
1!A KO A IN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
l>*al«-r« Journal. Z3'.i\. California st.. room _
$rOrt_BI.ACKSMITH and tiagen busies* In
i.rcfiwrous country town; buildings; two lots
t.n.l j.rlvate dwelling Included; established 39
!'e_rs; i-.-irt car.i if desired. MeLAUGHLIN'
& CO.. 777>^ Market Bt.
$9*o— SALOON: central; prtva** rooms: paying
bus.; barcaln. McLaughllr^m Co.. 777% Mkt.
121— BRANCH bakery; tlepant fixtures; Post
Ft.: !Vi uaily. KREI>O & CO.. I2»j Geary st.
lllflO'nifTE opportunity: worth J2«to; clears
$:> mor.th; trial. KHEBO & CO.. S\i Geary.
SZfy— MEAT market; receipt- $MK> month; good I
horse, «ajron;oash business. Kredo.l2',4 Geary.
$3*X)— ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant; good
location: rood business. Apply D. McRAE
742 Mission st.
IGA-HESTAVIIANT: vicinity Stockton and
O'Farrell: opportunity seldom offered. D
McKAE. 743 Mission St.
BRANCH bakery, stationery, etc.; receipts $10
daiiy: price I3iO. WINSTON & CO.. 1P26 Mkt-
6TATIONERY. -notions, hock*. *tc: 3 living
rms.: ma;.; see It. Winston & Co.. 102* Mrkt.
CV>— PARTNER in good paying saloon; half
cash. 73 Third *t.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market et.
Corner saloon*. $550. $42J and $1500; 100-room
house, $la<ri: halt cash: rent SZO: full.
J2OO-±J\ARTNER wanted; man willing to work
can make good wages. Apply to J. E. SLIN-
KEY & CO.. 577 Market St.; entrance 1 Fifth,
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
VARIETY store, drygoods, notions, groceries,
bakery, milk and news depot: rent $16: 3 liv-
ing rooms, including stock and furniture,
$350. BRIDGES, 527 Market ft., room 316.
STOCK of drygoods and groceries at half Its
value: going to Nome: only $350. BRIDGES,
$27 Market st., room 316.
$150 AND your services Is all that Is required
to make you $75 month: must be able to drive
horse. BRIDGKS, 827 Market Bt.. room SIC-
COUNTRY hotel and bar, with livery stable;
only cne In town. Including property, furni-
ture, hor*es and carriages: complete; J1&-0.
BRIDGES. 927 Market *t.. room 316.
REAL estate, city or country. In any State
lo the I'nlon, sold and exchanged on commis-
sion; associate offices In New York and Chl-
caro; eterllng business propositions of all
kinds. SUNSET REALTY INVESTMENT
] CO.. 213 Examiner building.
FOR sale— One of the best-known restaurants
in San FranclFoo; doing a business of over
$100 per day: owner desirous of leaving the
city. For further particulars address L. 8.,
box 4K2. Call office.
COMPANY promotion is our specialty; we at-
tend to everything complete; chertera fur-
nished. P.5.M.&1.C0.. 220 California St.. r. 6-7.
$~i>^PARTNER wanted: light business; must
be satisfied with 120 a week; no experience
required: trial slven. 9 Geary St., room 2.
$135— GOOD- PAYING dear stand, or will sell
fixtures ¦without stock. Sl2 Third st. '
PARTNER ln printing business; a good man;
experience not necessary. 344 McAllister st.
FOR sale— At once; saloon; central: cheap; going
East: no agent. Add. A, box 4406, Call office
FINE store, suitable for any business; 128
O'Farrell, near Powell. Apply 15 Grant aye.
REPTAUHANT for eale ln business part of
city: no night or Sunday trade unless de-
sired; excellent business for man and wife.
Address box 3996, Call offlce.
FOR rale— Good paying dairy and delicacy
store: small milk route; good location: cash
trade: greet bargain; departure. Address box
4251. Call :
GROCERY business, stock and fixtures: as a
whole or will move stock. Box 5721, Call of-
flce, Oakland.
$300— PARTNER In legitimate manufacturing
business. Address box 3938, Call offlce.
$125 — RESTAURANT for eale; good location.
D. McRAE. 743 Mission st.
$75— BRANCH bakery and candy store, with
• living rooms. 438 Third st.
NEW takery or laundry; 3-can milk wagon; 2-
seated spring wagon: 3 grocery or delivery
wagons. 22 Cortland aye. t
ROUTE if 544 papers on this paper for sale.
Box €. Oakland Pcstofflce.
! YOUNG man. 27. desires permanent position as
I night man, hotel or restaurant; reference and
; security. Address box 39SS. Call offlce.
; BRANCH bakery and lunch room, with or
; without furniture; cheap; good business;
; leaving city. Box 3975, Call offlce.
BARBER shop for sale ln a mountain town;
25c ehavlnc; good opportunity. Inquire of
BERNARD. 104 Seventh s^
$100 WILL buy good paying business If sold
i this week; rent $15; store and living-room.
Apply 1005 Larkin St.
FOR Eale — Good paying restaurant, near th«
water front; rent paid till March 10. Inquire
at 12 Waphlnrton Bt.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap; every-
• thing ln fliTt-class order. Address box 3351,
Call orftce^
! SMOKEHOUSE for sale; also horse, wagon
I and harness. Apply 907 Point LobOß aye.; no
agents. - .
SALOON ln business center: for sale on ac-
count of death. Address box 3955, Call offlce.
FOR SALE— Grocery, fruit and vegetable store.
Apply at ZK Ninth Ft. ;
RESTAURANT for sale or rent; 155 Fourth Bt.
Apply 2?4 Natoma Et.
: OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
shoeing business; 15 years present location;
cheap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
PARTNKR wanted, pood paying business, for
fairs and picnics; Investment YJ). Call at 14
Laneton, bet. Howard and Folsom, forenoon.
tZOO— HOME bakery: portable oven; 7 barrels
weekly. S3l Sixth ft, liquor store.
GOOD change for carpenter with small capital.
Apply at 127 Turk st.
TO let— Cafe privileges at Lurllne Baths. Bush
and Lcrkln sts. Apply on premises.
GOOD coal yard for rent chfap. ZlOl Central
aye.. Alamedcu -'.: r*
COFFKK and tea routes supplied from GKO.
W. CASWELL *c CO.. 412 S.icram-nto st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
; A BRANCH oiflre for Call advertisements and
Bubrrriplions has bten established at 10?6 Va-
lencla st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Cail advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nef». wk * drivintr hnr«»«. Ifith and Vaiene'a.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
*end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lnj: Works. 3:3-3.'.; Tehama et. ; tel. 8. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mcr- 38-40 Sth St.: tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4J3 Stevenson st. : tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jeisie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
»t.: cleaning, lo per yard: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main S*4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CON KLIN' B Carpet-beatlnc works. 3SJ Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTi^TT77T777T.7™r.777r. . removed*!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Tour Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
. To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicine*," registered and copyrighted, cure
all dlFea»es on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
ehfc has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mail l.i
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices rerroved to her residence, 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
N. B. — Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
ret off at Clinton Station, 24 station from
Broadway.
MRS. ROBINSON. 1C46 Market st., opp. Tenth;
ulttlneß dally: clr. Monday eve.. Fri. 2 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. GORDON, i«ychometrii>t. 12 years' ex-
perience; readings and advice, from 1 to 9 p.
m. dally: Sundays and Wednesdays excepted;
terms, ladles 50c, rentlemen $1. llS^j Fulton.
MRS. J. J WHITNEY. 1104 Market; trance,
test, business medium; life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant: stamp for circular: sittings sL
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
forunte teller: gives best advice in difficult
mMters. Removed to 19 Fulton St., nr. Larkln.
CLAIRVOYANT, card readerand palmist; all you
Beektoknowanswered without questions; read-
inrs this week Z:>c. and 50c. 942 Mission st. .
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader and nalmist: all
you seek to know answered without questions;
reading* this week 23c and GOc. 942 Mission »t.
JANAUKE KENDRICK. palmist, card reader,
clairvoyant: jiast. present and .future; 25c
and -Oc. US Sixth et.
CIRCLE to-day, 2 p. m.. prompt, 25c: readings
tt. C M. Steers, medium. . 112 Vi Oak st. •
ARNOLD. DicVson, give everybody tests to-
nlght; 10c; Bluings. 2.'.c. JtOc. 14S Sixth, room'l.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
r.lght. CCj McAllister; 10c: come skeptics.
MME. HANSON— Palmistry, 10c: card reader:
past, present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth, room 12.
MME. MOREAU. tho best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
MEDA HOSKINS. J423 Mkt., bet. 10th & 11th:
dr. Tues. 8 p. m.,Thur. 2 p. m.. 25c; sit. dally.
YOUU future told by cards; satisfaction guar-
anteed. 1425 Mission: ?sc.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
raln:it.try. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
CATHERINE DKANE, scientific life and card
reader. S«9 Howard >t., cor. Sixth, offlce 23.
MME. ZKREDA of 3 Seventh »t Is the original
gypyy life reader; readings 2&c.
EDWARD KARLE. Independent slate , writer.
S3!) Ellis tt.: circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, . card reader;
fittings dally. 212H Sixth st. -¦ - , -
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 144 Howard
et.. 10 a. ra. to 10 d. m. ¦ ; • _-.. . .
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRrTTTALISM,
MRS ELLlS— Tests- to all: circle Tues.. Frt.. 1
• p. m.: Mon.. i; 25c: «ltUngs IL EU Valencia.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. . 6 Fourth st. ,
MMX SYBILLE-^-Cradle to grave; future bun-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
It paces. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.^
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
le«» successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
C-ROOM cctttge; 23% Morris aye.. bet. "Harrl-
- son and Bryant, nr. 6th: key next door. N0.23.
DJCSTISTS.
A^DRr^~aTHIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; aleo by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the beist and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices;, pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned ¦ without pain; plates that fit from
$4 to up; open evenings and Sundays. •
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5 a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 50; ail work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bllg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
flce hours. 8 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Bundays, 9 to 2
p. zn. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods ln bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
sliver, COc; painless extraction. 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 9C9 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3: crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full t*t of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 35c.
GUARANTEED dentistry: $1 week; we refer to
€000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Sixth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
dayE. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 3541 Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 634).
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
_. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing.plnklng. l?l Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses ln bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. : new SO-page catalogue free. *
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech..
survey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day and eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLKN SCHOOL. 933
Market Et.
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done: superior post-
graduate course: rapid calculations. TARR.
expert accountant. Flood building. • /
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1226 Market st.
iTO •'Morning Call Home' Study" readers —
Clas-es forming: French conversation. Soan-
lsh. $2 per mo, 530 G. G. aye.. r. 5. 6: hrs. 2-8.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission; vlolln.gultar.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; life
fcholarßhlp, $50; send for catalogue.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, prammar, writing,
j etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
'CIVIL service coaching; day, evening. San
j Francisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
. .
I CLASSES In German. French. Spanish: $2 per
I month. Add. Language Teacher, 90J Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
lnntruares. Miss M. G. Barrett, 3 n 2 Montey.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— J APANESE-CHIN ES E Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best- laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and ' Chinese em-
ployment offlce; established over fly« years.
421 Post st.; telephone Bush 135.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
offlce; best help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas. Aramorl, 806^ Stockton; tel. John 2121.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Beft help 414H O'Karrell »t. : tel. Ea«t 426. '
EMPLOYS! ENT WANTED FEM AL_.
AT~MRS. LAMiTeRT's] 418 Powell St.. tele-
phone 5332. 2 competent German nurses;
Swedish second girl; French nursery govern-
ess: German chambermaid and seamstress;
all best references; await positions.
FIRST-CLASS" German laundress desires sltua-
tlon: host of references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT American woman wants position
as cook or general housework; cooking pre-
ferred. 741 Natoma Et., corner Ninth.
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking. Address N. E., Call branch office.
639 McAllister Et.
CAPABLE German woman wants work by the
day washing. Ironing and cleaning; no
postals. 1123 Broadway.
AN elderly reman wishes a situation to do
housework In a small family; city or Oak-
land. 216 Minna st. -^
REFINED young lady, speaking German and
English, wishes to take care of grown child.
Call 133\4 Fair Oaks St.
RELIABLE girl wants situation to do second
or upstairs work and care for children; speaks
French and German. 1022 Larkln st.
LADY wishes housecleaning by the day or
take care children. 111314 Howard st.
YOUNG woman wants cooking; will do general
housework ; good references. 365 Jessie st. -
RELIABLE woman wants work for Friday and
Saturday Address 1103 Stevenson st.. rear.
LADY wishes position as working housekeeper.
Address box 4278. Call office.
GIRL wishes position to do general housework;
wages $20. Call 328 Clementina at.
WOMAN wants position as working house-
keeper or nurse. 212 First St., room . I.
GERMAN girl wants position for general
housework. S36H Harrison st.
GIRL v.ishes a situation to do housework and
cooking; wages $20. Call at 422 McAllister st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes work: can
furnish best of reference. 161 Ninth st.
GERMAN Kirl would like a situation to do gen-
eral housework ; waxes $20. 204V4 Fif th st.
YOUNG lady from Massachusetts : would like
position as traveling companion to elderly
lady going to Europe, or would take care of
children; best of references. . MRS. HATCH,
4SB Geary st. , .
COMPETF.NT* dressmaker: tl EO; .good fitter: •
cuts by tailor system; suits made over: quick
worker. 4441 Twentieth et., near Eureka,
WOMAN wishes situation to do chamber work
or houeework in city or country. 770 Harrison.
REFINED young girl desires upstairs work.
Address box S9S.", Call offlce.
POSITION as stenographer and typewriter;
legal work preferred; experienced; reference.
Address box- 3973. Cull office.
EXPERIENCED French girl, . flrst-clai»* cook,
wishes a situation; city, or • country. 1311
; Jackson st.; upstairs. -
WOMAN would like any kind of. work by the
cay. Call or address MRS. ROBERTS. illH
Washington aye.; bet. Ninth and Tenth sts. ¦
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night:. SI 50 to $(
week, convenient and .respectable;, free. 'bus
and baggage to and from . ferry. ::-'.•
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096, Va-
, ; lencla st. . i
EMPLOYMEST WASTED— MALE.
i MIDDLeTaGED man^w^uld'llkTTTltmitfon as
foreman or timekeeper over men or l-anr> or
to drive and exercise horses; no objection to
' country. United State* Hotel, room 91, 123
Eddy st. -¦•'.'
SITUATION wanted as clerk or bartender In
hotel by strictly. sober middle-aged man; no
objection to country. United States Hotel.
room 91,. 123 Eddy st. ¦ *
! WANTED— By all-round handy man, • with,
tools, running engine either hoisting or min-
ing; can give best of references. Address
6172 Telegraph aye, Oakland.
! YOUNG man would like position taking care
- of horses and choring around;, country pre-
ferred. H. 8., 1933 Fifteenth aye. south.
SALESMAN, familiar with machinery, steam
, and , plumbers' supplies, desires situation.
Addrefls box 4409. Call office^
YOUNG man wishes position In a store to
learn; will make him-elf useful; references.
Address N. S.. 214 Third St.. city.
CARPENTER, cabinetmaker, flrst-class me-
chanic, wants a situation; city or country.
'. Addregs ' s.t3V^ Natoma st.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' cloak and suit cutter
(Kuhn system) wants position. Box 4407, Call.
A YOUNG Frenchman of good education and
¦ reputation, who can speak, read and write
- English, wishes to go to the Paris Exposition
with an American family or somebody as an
interpreter; moderate terms and can give
good references. Address JEAN LA-
CLERQUE. 217 Pacific aye.. Santa Cruz, Cal.
CARPENTER, young married man, wishes a
steady position as handy man; reasonable
wages: best of references if required. Ad-
dreßs box 3832. Call offlce. '
WANTED— Position as salesman or collector;
very well acquainted in city; best of refer-
ences; can give security. Box 4402, Cail.
GOOD barber wants a steady place; city or
country. Address box 3998. Call office.
GERMAN man and wife wish . position* on a
ranch. 318 Minna St. ¦
GOOD, sober, trustworthy man wants position
ln private family: understands garden,
horses, can milk, handy with tools. Address
box 3975. Call office. ¦¦
SOBER, trustworthy man would like position
as Janitor; able to take full charge. Address
box 397 i. Call office.
EXPERIENCED man would like position as
clerk ln lodging-house; able to take full
charge. Address box 3977. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man at house-
cleaning or other work by the day. HENRY
ANDERSEN, 952 Bush St.
YOUNG men wants position as clerk, cashier
or collector: experience; best references. Ad-
dress box 3954, Call office.
BARBER with 1 year's experience wishes
steady work. Address box 3321, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class German
gardener; can take care of horses. Box 3926,
Call office. ¦
POSITION as bookkeeper or other clerical
work. Address 142 Colllngwood at.
HONEST Japanese boy of good habits wants
a situation at housework. S. F., care J. Y.
M. C. A.. 121 Halght st. ¦ ¦ •'-*¦:¦
CHINESE, experienced, first-class cook, wishes
position; hotel, boarding or family: good ref-
erences; satisfaction. 116 Prospect place, bet.
Stockton and Powell.; F. M. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. 'v-r.-r* > '
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.; open until Dp. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
. tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071H Market St.: examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phone. Mint 2.'.7.
FLATS TO LET.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NINETEENTH. 3950. near Noe— Lovely sunny
lower 5-room flat, with room on porch; $18;
water free. . - ¦ '¦
VALENCIA, 1306— T0 let. 6- room flat: modern:
2 large front rooms with bay windows: rent
J2O month. Inquire on premises or to MADI-
SON & BURKE.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FOR 6 months: comfortably furnished modern
flat; choice location: rent $63. piano Included.
Call between 10 and 4: no young children;
references required. 1.'.23 Sacramento et.
BIRCH AYE.. 6—l6 — 1 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished^ ' _^_^^
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Furniture of 3 housekeeping rooms; j
barsain; nicely furnished: rent whole house
If desired. 309 Hyde, from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Cn.. 1127-1131 Mnrk"t.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. : telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLI.PKHT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W E. CODVT (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 33a3.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
....HOTEL DEPARTMENT.. ....
11 waitresses for flrst-class commercial hotels.
$20;. 6 chambermaids, to wait dinner, $20:. 2
chambermaids. $20; 3 restaurant waitresses,
$6; 2 lunch waitresses.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.....
Girl for housework and . cooking, small fam-
ily, ctty: middle-aged woman for housework,
2 ln family, choice place, $15; housekeeper,
see party here this morning: house girl.
Courtland, $16, fare paid : house girl. Email
family. Mill Valley, $20; house girl for ranch,
Martinez, $20, choice place; house girl, Stock-
ton, $25; cook, Alameda, $25: cook, mining
town, $15; girl for general housework in a
small family, mining town, $20. see party
here. C..R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GIRL to assist ln institution, $20, Alameda;
girl j for upholstering store for cutting and
sewing mattresses. $9 per week. MISS CUL-
LEN. 225 Sutter St. -
NEAT young girl; light housework; $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl, nurse, $15; also girl for house-
work, $15, same house. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. .
WANTED— German cook, $35, no wash: S5 girls
for housework, ln city. $25; 15 girls for house-
work, short distance in country, $25; cham-
bermaid, country hotel. $15; 2 waitre*s».H.
country hotel, $20, see party at office to-day;
American second girl, $25, for San Jose; lroner
for laundry, $9 a week; nurse, ; $20; 3 second
. girls, $20, $25; waitresses for restaurant, $6, a
week. J. F. CROSETT CO.. 316 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook small wash, $30; very good
place. MRS. LAMBERT. 41S Powell Bt.
3 GERMAN housework girls: city and Oakland;
$20, $25. .MRS. -LAMBERT. 418 Powell St.
GIRL for general housework; assist washing;
family five grown persons; . bring city refer-
ences; wages $20; Swedish or German pre-
ferred. 2810 Clay St.. from 2 to 4 o'clock.
WANTED— First-clans finishers on ladies' Jack-
¦ etp; call at once. D. M. DAVIDSON & CO.,
731 Market St. ' '
FIRST-CLASS sewers to take work home; no
dressmakers: apply in morning. H. FRlED-
lander, 338 Fell Bt.
A LADY for long-hand work; answer by pen;
state salary. Box 4410. Call offlce. .
GIRL to assist in light housework; no cooking
or washing; 2in family; $7 60. 1913 Geary St.
WANTED— Waist, finisher and apprentice, to
learn dressmaking. I2SI O'Farrell at. \ .
WANTED— Woman to do general housework;
sleep at home. Inquire 1232 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG- girl for housework; family of 3; 9 to
12 a. m. 14J1 Buchanan st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on custom coats.
200^ Turk gt. ¦¦-¦, ¦ ¦ ' ..— , •
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. 627 Clay St..
near Kearny. s . '
WANTED— Young girl for ' general housework
¦ and cooking; wages $20.". 1125' O'Farrell st. -
GIRL compositor: straight matter. -2018 Market
street.'. - • ¦ ¦:•;•¦ .-....¦¦ . . ..-..-.¦¦
APPRENTICE girls; also experienced , girl*.
126 Russ St., between Howard and Folsom. , ,
10 MORE, girls from 14 to* 16 to learn cigar
making; .paid while : learning. 303 Eighth : St.
WANTED— Dressmaker and apprentice; steady
" work. ; 387 Ean Jose aye. ' , ¦:, -
WANTED— An old lady to take care of a baby
and assist in light housework. .¦; 984 Folsom st.
OPERATORS. wanted on pants on Singer, ma-
chines. 734 Montgomery St., room 1. V •.-.'
WANTED by wholesale house— Experienced en-
try.clerk who understands bookkeeping; reply
: ln own handwriting, stating . references. Box
.--' 4283.1 Call office.'- ¦¦¦.-,; . ;¦"¦ ' .V.
WETN'URSE— Young woman with a child not
over 2 months old.' : Address box 4403, Call.'*.
NEAT young girl; care of child and assist in
housework: $B. to $10.: 944 Geary st. : -
'•¦;.; HELP WAKTED-FKIfALE.
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.'
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gottgh
and Grove sts. . . - , -
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced ' young
nurse girl for boy S yean old; must do s«w-
¦¦ Ing. - 997 Golden Gate aye. -
FIRST-CLASS vestmaker. : 8% Antonio St.. b«-
tween Ellis and O'Farrell. off Jones.
YOUNG girl for light housework. .2777 Twenty-
fourth Et.
GOOD, reliable woman; light housework; small
family; good home. Particulars 1461 Valencia.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at . Call branch offlce. 2220/ Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencia et.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk sC: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m. ¦ "
~HELP~*4VANTED MALe 7
A^M^R^AT^R^ADY".™PHO?iE^MAI?rSB4i
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
6 carpenters, house, and 6 shop men, $4. $5,
$2 £0 day
6 miners, hard rock.. $75
15 laborers and teamsters, city Jobs, $1 75 day
and $30 and found; 365 woodchoppers and tie-
makers, tools and food advanced, $2 50. $2,
$1 50, U, 75c cord, 10c and 130 each; 7 drillers
for a large company, fare 15c, $60; 35 farm,
orchard and vineyard hands for all parts of
California, $26. $25, $20 and found
16 milkers and buttermakers..s3o. $25 and fd.
12 choremen and boys.. s2o, $15, $10 and found
Stablemen, horseshoers, wheelwright; driver
for a day bakery wagon, city, $20 and found
Harnessmaker for a ranch $26 and found
Milk wagon driver, city, references. $30 _ fd.
Ironers. washers for laundries. .s3o and found
Bushelman. $15 week; pantsmaker. vestmaker.
HOTEL AND BAKERY
12 cooks. $50, $35, $30, $40 and found
7 waiters, $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
Second baker, city, fourth baker." $40, $25 and
found; dishwashers, porters and lots of other
places. MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 636
Clay st. n__ '
"I !"!!!"".. .V.'.'w ante d to-'d a yV." V.'.V. V.'.V"
Ship To-morrow
. a gang of railroad teamsters for Coast road,
Santa Barbara County
Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0... 104 Geary st.
.....HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, country restaurant, $50, see party here;
2 restaurant cooks, city, $10 and $12 a week;
cake, baker, $35; second hand on bread, ?35:
oysterman. $40; kitchen hand, summer resort.
$30; potwasher, $20, and vegetableman, $20, for
springs hotel; dishwashers and kitchen hands,
$20. $25 and *30: 4 waiters. $25 and $»0.
MISCELLANEOUS
20 laborers for sawmills and woods, $26 and
board, fare advanced, see boss here; 20 tie-
makers, Se to 13c a tie; 10 farmers, different
ranches. 75c a day and $25; 6 milkers, $25 and
$30; stableman and do chores, ranch, $25. C.
R. HANSEN fc CO.. 104 Geary et.
2 NEAT bellboys for country hotel; $15 and
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SHAMPOOKR for f>prin_s: $35 and found. C.
¦ R. lIANSSN - CO.. 104 Geary at.
WANTED— French butler and valet for bache-
lor's residence; one who can take charge,
understanding the business thoroughly and
give references: salary $40 and found. J. F.
CROSETT _ CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Gardener and wife, $50; milkers for
Sonoma and Mendoclno counties. $25: old man
to care . for place, $5 and found; chore man
for resort, $15 and found; laborers for city.
$1 75 day; drillers, $2 day: woodsmen and
woodchoppers: tie makers; shingle bolt mak-
ers; stableman for ranch. $25. and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WAKTED — Cook and wife, country restaurant,
$55; restaurant 2d cook, $35; restaurant wait-
er, $40; neat waiter for private boarding
house, $25, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free I employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
~ WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS SALESMEN.
GENTLEMEN AND LADIES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO..
146 Ninth st.. "21 Montgomery aye.,
$61 Market St., . X>o Hayes st.,
210 and 212 Grant aye.. 218 Third St..
705 Larkln st.. i'OOS Fillmore St.. '
1819 Devisadero St.. MOB Sixteenth St..
475 Hal.ht St., 2516 Mission St..
HO Sixth St.. 32ST. Mission St..
1419 Polk st.. 2732 Twenty-fourth st.
BARBER wanted to buy a 5-chair shop doing
' a splendid business; owner going to Alaska.
Apply 12 Sixth st. '
THREE-CHAIR barber-shop, doing good busi-
ness, for sale, cheap; owner going north.
' IISMi Eddy ¦ 5t.; ... . -' ¦¦' ,¦
PANTSMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter Bt. '-' "¦'
WAITER wanted at 217 Sixth St.
WANTED— Good office boy. Apply BACIGA-
LUPI & CO.. 933 Market st.
IRON SCROLLMAKERS wanted. 68-76 First
street. s
WANTED— Errand boy at 933 Market St.. fifth
floor. ". -
WANTED— Bootblack In barber-shop; short
hours; no Sunday work. 20V4 California st.
YOUNG German, about IS. used to +ork In
grocery. Address box 4414, Call offlce.
BOOTBLACK. 108 Fourth St.
BARBER wanted: 2 years'- experience. Enter-
prise Hotel, Sixteenth and Folsom sts.
WANTED— A block butcher; $23 a month and
found. Apply at 3318 Mission st.
MAN and wife to run lodging house in ex-
change for room rent. "S3 Third st.
WANTED— 2 good barbers for Saturday. 797
Mission st.
PLUMBER boy helper. 623 Golden Gate aye.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale on account of
going away; $50. 1234 Polk st.
WANTED— Good apprentice boy to learn coat
making; must be good sewer. 118 Montgomery
avenue.
WANTED— Carriage blacksmith; flrst-class
¦ blacksmith's helper; also a gear worker. Ap-
ply Golden West Hotel, bet. 9 and 10 a. m.
WANTED— Laster; kip work; Chase machine.
See E. E. GEORGE Shoe Co., 35 Stevenson st.
WANTED— Live man to handle good selling
line ' of tailoring samples; qlty or country.
TAILORS. 335 Bush St. '
504 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
COMPETENT salesman; rrood lay to energetio
man. Box 3997. Call offlce.
AMERICAN boy wanted ln offlce: age 16 to 20
years: fair penman only. Address box 4401,
Call offlce. . ¦¦
GET your shoes half-soled while watting: 25c
to BOc. 662 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
GENERAL blacksmith and horseshoer ln coun-
. try. "Apply 3100 Folsom st. •
BARBER shop; one chair; flne location; $30. 257
Third st. .
CHRISTIAN man around place; light .work,
small wages, good home. 3900 Broadway,
Oakland.
WANTED — Young men to go whaling; no ex-
perience required. L. LEVY, Battery and
Jackson.
WANTED — Good coachman, wages $45. MRS.
D. SCHONFELD, 1260 Geary st.
A GOOD 15-cent , barber shop for sale; $50.
Corner Sixteenth and Market sts.
MEN wantedwto learn barber trade In 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; special Inducement
' thls'sea9on; handsome illustrated catalogue
nnd souvenir fre«: only Institution ln the
. world teaching the barber and hairdressing
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay et. Brandies— San Francisco, New York,
St. Louis, .Chicago, Minneapolis.
SEAMEN— Ordinary, green hands, for steam
whalers. 701 Battery at., corner Pacific.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that: Ed Rolkin, Reno House DroDrietor, still
runs Denver , House, . 217 Third: st.; 150 lajrge
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GREKN hands nnd seamen to go north for th«
summer at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG man to learn dentistry. Address box
3956, Call office. > . .
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
, ; BARBER ' SCHOOL,* 741 A Howard st.
LINDELL House," corner 'Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night, 75c to $2 per, week.
FURNISHED 1 rooms, 75c. $1. $1 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN. 514 Fourth st. .
PENSIONS— J.' H.* SHEPARD & CO., Attor-
j=....'../..neys. Hearst bldg.,,Thlrd and Market.'
WANTED — 100 men to try our 15c breakfast,
: dinner or supper: best ln city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. ; 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
i'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A' BRANCH offlce for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 'lo96 Va-
lencia st. •
A BRANCH offlce for the ' reception of adver-
tlsements and subscriptions : has . been opened
at 1223 Polk, st. : open until »p.m. . ;
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions ; has been ? established : at ¦' the
„ northwest corner of- Twenty-second and Ken-
¦ s tucky sts. ; open until 9 d. m. *
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc—For S»le
tOO HORSES 1000 to 1400 pounds, 80 head 1»» _to
1300 pounds, unbroken., at th« Canty Ranch.
Grayson, Cal. _¦ .
40 HORSES for aale; also wa«on_, buggies.
carts, Harness. Grand Arcad. Horse Market.
3T7 sixth st.; auction sale* every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN — DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
60 HEAD flne draught and driving horses at
1621 and IS2S Market St.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady? also som« fine matched black teams.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 O. O. ay.
""HOUSES LOOGIXG— FOR SALE.
DECKER'S BARGAINS-SEE THEM. _
8-room new flat ¦¦¦• ••••• ?££.
26-room house; clears $100 • *»
r^r S ; c nrrh^rMarket--ci;kVs ««::::,
C^r-on MMark et: t; C c^rs%rio4^m;:: §
Mod. house: elev.; clears $o00: 84 rooms.. 6-00
™- JOh " sl - 1020 Market
10 rms.: rent $35: 4 blk. N. of Mkt.: '""-^
14 rooms; 1 blk. N. of Mkt.; money maker. 300
14 rooms; cor.: sunny: Al location «™
17 rooms;, all well rented;'good house.... S^j
7 rooms: good location; N. of Market 175
LODGING-HOUSE for sale at a bargain; house
of 22 rooms will sell for $200 cash: must be
sold this week: rent $35; no agents. Call at
860 Howard st., between 1 and 2 o clock.
$7CO-LODGING house; newly furnished: Sixth
st., near Folsom: IS rooms: rent $30; gooa
chance. City Renting Co.. 632 Market st.
$125—11 ROOMS; near Market: all rented;
must sell. BASILE. 3 Eddy st. ___
I ROOMS and bath: sunny corner: new furni-
ture for sale at bargain. 839 Golden Gate ava.
ROOMING house of J4 rooms for sal* cheap;
account -of going East. 640 Howard st. »
1276— LODGING-HOUSE. IS rooms, for aala;
bargain. 130 Peeond »t. : no «r>n(».
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses tn let: send for clr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK _ CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
1039 Howard: 10 r.527 5011345 Howard: < rms.sl9
2111 Hyde; 12 r00m5.. 530 12937 California; 6 r..$!S
JESSIE. 470 — House of 6 rooms and bath.
TO let— A pleasant sunny house, 7 rooms. 2138
Twenty- first st.. near Guerrero. _^^
HOUSES TO LET — FURMSHED.
TO nice couple without children, six months,
furnished home, lawn four sides; $55. Apply
premises. 3030 Washington st. -
HOUSES WASTED.
HOUSES and rooms wanted
CITY RENTING CO.. 632 Market .t.
LOANS OX PERSONAL PROPERTY.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOUSLEY. 321 Parrott building.
LOST AND FOUND.
5— ~_»«..._~... ¦-¦ _^ ¦... ¦>».¦ ¦ -~.^.. -,- f ... ..«.»...¦ - -
LOST— Pearl handle, silver-mounted umbrella;
2 names on handle. Return to Chronicle of-
fice and receive $10 reward; no questions asked.
FOUND — Black boa, corner Market st. and
Grant aye.: owner can have same by Identi-
fying It and paying charges. Call at 527
Montgomery st.
LOST — Knight Templar charm. Finder pleasw
return to E. R; S.. 404 Ellis st.
LOST — 2 memorandum books on Sunday even-
Ing on Montgomery st., containing with name
of owner Inclosed. Return to Golden Eagls
Hotel, corner Broadway and Montgomery st.,
and be rewarded.
ON 1:15 narrow-eautre train Saturday, dark-
brown fur tippet. Reward at 237 Perry St..
Piedmont, Oakland.
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernia Sav-
ln_s and Loan Society of San Francisco, ln
the name of MARY C. WALWORTH. No.
M-31S. The finder will please return to bank.
~~ MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure In one
>**y; 15 years' successful practice ln S. F. ;
rii_>rnity home; low fees. 1007H Market st.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023^ Market st.
DR. NG TOY KFE. late of Canton. China.
I tea and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento st.,
corner of Keamy; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herb* and teas;
advice free; offlce hours, 10 a. m. to 12 m. ;
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
ln confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
flce. $5; any ailment; consultation free. 942
Post St., between Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at offlce. J>; safe and re-
liable: consultation free. 1122 Market st.. bet.
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market: ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods: 'cure guaranteed: treatment. $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 tog.o g.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st.. the eminent
female specialist; home or offlce treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, HIS Market
St.; every case guaranteed; }o up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
ln confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis- i
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MEDICATED BATHS.
INVALIDS who find no relief from drugging
the stomach to Investigate Dr. Conant's
method of absorption, which never falls. Call
or address for booklet. Anidrosls. 47 Post,
office No. S: gents' baths. 6: ladles parlors. 3S.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH - WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum,' offlce furniture, store and of-
¦ flee furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
CASH registers, second-hand, of every de-
; scriptlon bought, sold, exchanged ami re-
j paired. 1309 Mission St.. bet. Ninth and Tenth.
i A FINE suit, S10; dress pants, $2 75. BROWN
BROS.. Clothing. 437 Montgomery st. >¦-
BAR fixtures; finest in the city. Call to-day at
• 1016 Market St. from 8:30 a. m. to 3 p. m.
A 5 H. P. double cylinder marine gas engine.
almo*t new; complete. Sl6 Mission st.
FOR SALE— Beautiful 2-karat perfect diamond,
at bargain. 14 Fifth st.
10,000 FEET new rubber belting, half price.
ROBT. BRAND & CO., 527 Third St.. Oakland.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
. lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
.glnes, boilers, water pipe, shartlng, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216|Spear st.
ABOUT CO gallons good country milk. Address
E. B. BARBER. Del Hambre Dairy. Mar-
tinex.
EDlSON 'concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records, $2 SO. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St.; San Francisco.-
SHETLAND ponies, ln pairs or tingle. 1074
East Twenty-first St.. Oakland.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale • and fire and bur-
clar proof safe. 216 California at.
A— W SO DERBY and Fedora hats. *1 75. Pod-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pin£
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes THE
.WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St.. San Fran!
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers; plated-
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission st. near 15th.'
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
glsts, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers: plated-
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission St.. near 15th.'
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher- 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planes, lathes,
Iron A wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Bealtr.
C S E .^ PEST and best ln America— The Weekly
£ •?' } 6 *P ages ' " ent to an y address ln th»
United States, postpaid, for tl per year. * — .
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To buy singing canaries, > Angora
cats, black and tan toys, white poodles. Japa-
nese pugs, fox* terriers ¦ and spit. pups. ¦ ring
»doves, white rabbits, guinea pigs or any sal-
able stock. 411 Kearny st. - t .
WANTED— 10-ton standard gauge yard loco-
motive; no; tender; new or secon* hand. Box
3905. Call office. . ¦
W T ANT Jl£~* bears: al »y age or color. Address
. L. , SEELIGER. 3318 Mission »t. r
•WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
caan. H. L. WHITKHEAD. 1720 Market st.
, MONEY TO LOAS.
I ANT proposition, any amount; « per cent; first.
wcond mortgagee, estates In probate. Interest
' • "restates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
. mortgaees: confidential: advice free G E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at « per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
¦ bate- mortgages and legacies bought? no de-
lay" get my terms before doing business else-
i wherf R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
' HIGHLY respectable Private place to obtttn
• st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
« PFR cent and up on second mortgages, on-
' divld J Fnte^sts. 'estates and claims In pro-
bate and monthly rent 3. A. M. SPECK ft
CO.. 867 Market st. ¦
» MOST reliable place to l E" o . w . T .°. n T <1 10 n | < £?h"-?? h "-
? • watches. Jewelry. W. J. HEPTHAL. 10 Sixth.
• highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
1 MONEY loaned salaried people .without s«cur-
lty. HILL, room 44. Merchants' Exchange, 431
California st. ____________
: ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
; BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powelh st.
I ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
; lowest"ratclL BECKER ft CO.. 26 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable prtvat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 995-
ON furniture and pianos without removal:qu!clc
service: money direct; lowest interest. Room*
«S and 89. Ponoho* building. 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned on furniture, pianos. Aia^
mon-s. etc. BRIDGES. »27 Market, room IML
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. W9 Examiner b-Mdlng.
130 TO JM.COO: lowest rates: Ist and 2_ mortf-.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
. ON furnltur*. pianos. 7"hout r-raoval: n«
commission; private. LICK. 1M McAllister.
XF your property is mortgaged and yoil need
mor«rmon«r»«« H. 3-CRPHY. <30 Market st.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 838 Parrott budd-
ing— Mencansecure_o^n2^_______________
TO salaried men. without collateral or tndonw;
other propositions; private rooms. BuiVnn-
clsco Discount Agency. 143 Phslan bulMlng.
BIOXEY WASTED.
WANTED— J2OOO on Ist mortgage at lowtrt rrnt*.
Address W. Panvllte. Contra Costa Co.. CaJ.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXT9.
. RESPONSIBLE^party would like th« us« of %
good piano for taking car* of It; good rafar-
ences. Room 22. Flood building.
LARGEST and most complete stock of SHEET
MUSIC at HALF PRICE at MAUVAIfI'. Nft
Market st- -
WE prepay freight to any part of th« Btat« on
all Dianos sold for cash: our Price* will as-
tonish you. they are so low. ZENO MAU-
VAI3 MUSIC CO.. 769 Market rt.. B. F.
GOOD small-slxsd upright to-_aor tor *1» at
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market at.
WE always advls* to buy a Deckw or J*«*»^4
when you want the best. MAUVAIS. 7O
Market st.
ARE you ln need of a piano? ~r« _*-• a lar_»
assortment of new and second-hand piano* of
the best makers; sold for cash or v«ry easy
payments; it down and t« per month for an,
elegant new upright; some pood piano* for
$3 14 and *5 per month. SHERMAN. C-AY
„ CO. Stelnway dealers, cor. Sutter and
Kearny sts., San Francisco; cor. Thirteenth,
and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER — CHASE'S.
2«, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grade*
and prices: terms ea«y; prices lowest: e— ery-
thlng possible don« to please and satisfy th»
customer. '
KNABE pianos: new scale; new style*. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OTarrell st. .
IN flrst-class condition— Martin rultar. Wash-
burn mandolin and lady's one-karat golitalr*
diamond ring; will sell for ono-thlrd their
actual cost. Room 1008. Call bldg.. tenth floor.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos: prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St. •
3~ STEIN WAYS. 2 Chlckerlngs. 1 Sommer. 1
Vose A Sons, S Helnes; store open evenings.
HEINE Piano M:tc Co.. 138 Ellis st.
A FEW pianos will be told for storage at auc-
tion prices: dirt cheap for cash. WILSON' 3
Storage. 1710 Market at.
810 bargain; upright piano: owner leaving
city: must sell. Room 10, Flood building.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
. Warerooms, ISIS Market st.
DON'T buy: rent a new. piano. $3 per month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. MO Hayw st. •
WANTED— 4 good square pianos at BYRON
MAUZY'S piano warerooms, 308 Post st.
SELL for storage— 2 uprights. 175: very fln*
Stelnway. $125. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
W. O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
FINE Fischer & Stelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
GOOD upright piano; *nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister St.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ.
IS McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. - Latham plac*.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market •_!
sunny offices, $15 per month.
$20— STORE; 2 show windows and I lar**
rooms: adapted to any business. 423 Sixth st.
~ PALMISTRY.
MME. Naergaard. Pre*. St. G«rxna!n Collegs of
Palmistry: reads 1 to t. 616 Geary, nr. Jone*.
~_ pERSO - AIiS-
BELLE— OUDRT
~ 13 NOT A -APT.
WANTED— To know the whereabouts of CARI*
JOHAN NILSON. born at Fallcenberr. Kal-
mar, Sweden. Any one knowing same will
confer & great favor by Informing hi* sister.
WENDELA CHARLOTTE ANDERSON. 6»
Pond st.. 8. F.
I WILL not be responsible for any d«bta con-
tracted after this date by my wife; ELLEN
MULLAN. JOHN MULLAN, BIS Folsom st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sal*; also
chenille- wove rugs, stlk portieres; dealer la
carpet twine, ln hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca is a harmleos hair
tonic. 3oc a bot.: Lederer's Foamo Shampoo
cleans the scalp. Sc pkg. G. Lederer. 123 Stktn.
THIS week only— Lederer. the hairdresser. 128
Stockton, gives each person having hair
dressed and to each purchaser fin* _1 Per-
fecto Rouge; halrdresslng. 25c.
A FINE suit to order $10 7S. or pants $3 75; our
specialty in remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS. 1117
Market st., bet. 7th and Sth. prop. One-prtc*
Tailoring Ca. 532 Kearny. near Sacto. : also
1644 Market st.. under. St. Nicholas.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rate*;
10 years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
WANTED— OId gold for inanufK. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
ELECTRIC lights ln every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: ICO rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 £0 to *6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
OLD gold bought: money loaned on every de-
scrlptlon of collateral. Coleman's. 506 Kearny.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
LADIES' and gents' ca«t-off clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman. 384 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEINEMAN. 109 Sansome st.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. W5 Linden. Oakland.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DX C. C. O'DONNELL— OffIce and residence,
102 m Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
pTcmbersl
W. E. LANE, phone Main 315. 603 California
St.; everybody's plumber.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
160 ACRES for sale— Soiendld foothill farm-
house, barn. etc.. aJso 4 horses, farm ma-
chinery, 20 acres fruit trees, also vineyard;
plenty of water, wood, etc.: also flrst-class
gravel mine, paying, goes with the place- a
" bargain: good market for products. See J. _•
CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st-
A MIGHTY nice and well- improved, fnlly
equipped 80-acre ranch near Napa for 11250
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent
10 Geary St.. opposite Chronicle bldg., S. f.
6CO ACRES- ln Stanislaus County near rail
road: water: growing crops; under fence and
all other improvements. ¦ For particulars mdt
creg- or call.W. P. CROW. 1334 Pallc. city.
M^ R !?; N * GR , IF , PI ?' TO Market, nr. Call bld^
Land for sale ln Sonoma. Contra Costa. Glenn!
Santa Crux. Shasta and Tehama Cos.. Cal.
1^ sss/ur™"* 11 * 5 ta '•*• •»
THE SAJff- FRAIN CISCO CALL, THUKSDAY, MAKCH >, laoo.
10BUNNT fumifhed alccre; r»s; bath; pbone;
Wnner If desired. 220 Haight st. •
£T PETER'S House, 705 California-Changed
riandc: nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keeping rooms. ¦ ¦ ' . ¦¦-'-
LAUKIN. 631— Front room for gentleman. $6;
gas and bath; also housekeeping^
LfaVEVTC-ORTH. 225— Large unfurnished
t™ms for hoosek-pg; American family; adults.
POST 23S— Elegant transient rooms for tourists;
all conveniences ; traveling men ; . elevator.
POST. €21— Two email sunny rooms, furni6hed,
$', each' per month; Protestant Christians;
neither drink nor smoke In the house.
HARRISON. 784H, n«*r Fourth— Finely fur-
nl-fced sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
jgjyil*"*; $1 week np. ¦
HO WA RD. 82»— Roocne 25c to $1 a night; Htoji
a'WPfk; also hougekeeplna. ¦
ELLIS. EU— Elegantly furnished front and back
parlor; also single room.
RaLIFOBNIA lIMITEDI IMITED
Santa Fe Route
BOUKMIA. 239 Post fit., cor. Stockton — Sunny
- corner suite and i- ingle rooms: hot and cold
' vatrr; elevator and all conveniences.
NOtiSIS TO LET — Furo. and Cnlara,
A— BRUNSwicK~HOUEE. T« Elxth^Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; upon all night.
A PRANCH offi'-e for Call advertisements and
Furs^rlptior.r has been established at the
north weFt corner <-f Twenty-fecond and Ken-
tucky Etf>. ; ocen unrll 0 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fribscrlfitlocs has been established at 10*6 Va-
' i-»ncla et.
GOLDEN GATE are,, til— Lars;* fnrnlshed
rooa and ldtahen for light housekeeping; bath
and *as; references; IIS only.
¦•¦7THKRM PACIFIC COHTABTr.
(rAcirio MTsraM.)
Traktma !••?« aisitl are «!¦• t*> arrive) at'
HAN ritANt'lSCO.
V (Main Line, Foot of Market Street,) . -
For new folders, maps and farther particulars as to freight and passage, apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.- 110 tSanaonw street. Ban Francisco. Cat
For Seattle sailings apply to CAPT. JAS. CARROLL. Mutual Llfa Bunding.- Seattle. Wash.
IF you have lots In Richmond <£strtet. north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly then
call en W. J. -CUNN. 630 California st.
j:*uO
1-5 cash; balance monthly payments
Rents $7;o a year
new modern flats Just finished. €31 Waller St.,
between Pierce and Scott: one short block
from Haight et. cars. F. NELSON, builder,
on premises. •
Victory for the Railroad.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROSEBURG, Ore., March 7.— ln the ON
Burglars at Haywards.
HATWARDS, March 7.— Bnrylars broke
into Dr. H. J. Powell's office last night.
•tesJlryr H3 worth -of dental sold. The
place was ransacked for valuables. En
trance was trained by smashing; open a
door transom, the Intruders cllmblna;
through the aperture. " :
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
: ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDIKO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Other* secure bargains from a»! Why not yoa?
CHOICEST RICHMOND LOTSt
$3SO to $*v>— Ready .to build on; Installment*.
EUNEET LOTS.
noo to $Soo— Graded and sewered; superb
view; $lfi monthly.
tISO to HOO— Near Nineteenth aye. and Ocean
Vtoulevard lota from H to O tt; IS monthly.
»CW to 1250— Level -lots, near Mission street
»>ctrlc car line; also cheap cottages on In-
stallments.
Call for Mars and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
ROOMS AM> BOARD.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market St.— Ele-
gantly furnished runny rooms; en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table first class;
reduced rates.
HENRY; J. GALLAGHER CO.; i
* (Successor* tn'Flannagan A Gallagher). •
FUNERAL DIREOTORB AND EMBALMERa
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. -
. . - . ? . . Telephone South. M. >
nEAL ESTATE— CITY—FOR SAXH.
A~ M. 6PECK A. Cm. ""
Loan Money.
Iso «M_rt».r,* € S! Market »t-. opposite Kearny.
f rm mT5^l <»™er. 75 ft. front; half block
$-T oo^!r« '}• not lar trom 6tn: wnu W^-
raldS^T 4 ,,, 00 ?^ w "- wlthta block of
11 ' Propmy
<-l^°^7 n&Tt Ip^straent; vicinity PoweU and
Gear>, 4-story brick building; stores aid lodg-
lng-houfte above;. 36 !wt front.
$4* ©gft-Conw; rpn,. j400;j 400; modem improve-
menu; .lot £0x135 feet.
fSC.UO—Near Eddy and Jonea; store and 2t
*°£ m r./J! lbo , ye : «noJ<*rn; pays 7 per cent net.
K4 000-Pixth st.: 75 feet front; rents $24M
yearly; good buildings; 4 stores.
$3.^0— Third ert.. about 215 foct from Market-
More an'l lodging-house; terms, half cash. -
$SOfXV— Fix plopant new flats; lot 60x100 ft.-
ell renteil for $*4 a month: grand bargain. ;
rrcr.O— Six pood f.at«: rents $960 Yearly: down-
town: lot E0 feet front. *
S4oc£V*rao° ICe *£? ***** «««•«. "
?.t ^ c f— pOEt "•= * tood flats; rents $60; lot
SSZiO — Censer store and €-room Cat: rents H7>
for*ilo#ure. • '
$31.'*— « flats within few blocks of »th and
Markfi sts.; r«>nti! $S5.
117^0— Two nice flats; rents lit (0.
JTU>^S!« rooms and lot 45x73 feet. "
A. M. SPECK A CO.. «7 Market st.
ak Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
16251 625 KF.ABNT MT. Established:
m In 1834 for the treatment of Private
U Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
B disease rearing on bodyandmlnd and
¦ Skin Diseases. The doc torcurea when
¦ others fall Try him. - Charger low.
¦ Cur*>«rn»r»Bt*»d. Callorwrite.'
l>r. J, f. «i JBBOJT, Box 1»»7.8an Franctaca
XHFRMAN Apartment House.' 28 Eighth St..
"ear Marttet-Furnlehed and ¦ unfnrnuhed.
ciyr;; 229— fun»y furnished rooms,' $1 to tt 60;
ctoft'ln wry rrtom; alto hou«ekf<>plng ralte.
FOtTH PARK, SO— 2 or 2 furnished or unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
, . : v . OCEAN -STEAMERS..,,
' COPENHAGEN — Arrived • March 7 — Stmr
Island, for New York,- from Stettin. *•-;';• -¦¦<:;
QUEENSTOWN—^rrIved March 7— Btmr Teu
tonic, from New York.for Liverpool, -and pro^
ceeded. ¦¦¦¦¦¦•-. ¦¦¦-¦-.",•:¦ ¦ .'-¦,•.¦-.-' ,i i . .-¦. -¦ ;
- SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed March 7 — Stmr
Lahn, from Bremen, for New York. ' • - 't
NEW, YORK— Arrived March 7— Stmr Werra,
from Genoa,' etc: stmr. Bremen, from Bremen.
Sailed March 7— Stmr New York, for South T
ampton; stmr Southwark, •¦ for. Antwerp; stmr
Oermaaic,, (or Liverpool. •-»* • : -. -' * <
EAN ANTONIO. ?1 Taylor • near Market— An
u£-t£date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; oalt
B ea baths;" gultes and single rooms.
nosEDALE House, ZV» & S2l Ellis St.— Rooms,
nlrt" »c toil; week. $1 28 to $4; open night.
MARRIED.
BENSON— FINLET— In this city. March », 1900.
by the Rev. Dr. .John A. B. Wilson, Alfred
Blake Benson and Emma Jane Flnley, both
of San FranclFCO. - .- - t
BROWN— HILLYER— In this elty.* March 1,
1900 I>r. PclUd • King . Brown and Helen
Adelaide Hlllyer. > •
BULL— DAWSON— In this city, March t 1900;
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,- Richard
Arthur DennlFon Bull at Oakland and Emma
Louiea Dawson of San Francisco. ?
CASE— RUNYAN— In this city, March '7, ' 1900,
by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, -Harley P.-Case
of Oakland and Birdie M. Runyan of San
Francisco. . ¦ . . . . ¦ • - » ,
McVEAN— BROWN— In this city. March- 8, 1800,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Duncan
¦ Malcolm McVean and Jessie Brown, both of
• San Francisco."" -
BTIKEON— VJiNABLE— Ia this city, Mare* 4,
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
CHICAGO,
VIA
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
AND CONNECTIONS.
LEAVING SAN FRANCISCO DAILT.-
; »:30 A. M. and «:30 P. M. .
' Effective , February, 13. 1900.
Get Information of Southern Paclfl«i ttafest
agents or . ' ¦- ,- ¦ ' ¦ *. ¦.'.
GENERAL OFFICE, 14 Montgomery; •** .
ROYAL Hou*e. W Ellis et.— lncandescent light,
readlrg room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor^recmsV per night. 35c to II 60; week. $2 to
»; month. » toT2O; elevator on office floor;
r.»nw with hot and cold water; baths.
I-OTVELL 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
»ultes or tingle; running water; gas; reas.
OAK. 30*— 1 furnished room; suitable for gentle-
man. " -^__J
O'FAJ»RELL, 20 — gunny furnished rooms and
office elevator: electric light*; day, wk.. mo.
HAFON, CISB, near Sutter— El wrant, large
¦unny room, suitable for gentleman.
MINNA C 67. corner Eirhth— New furnished
bay window room. 31 per week; transient.
ToCHICAGO
;- This ts the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent, |
Connecting Train Leaves San Fr axciscoi
. 5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving la Chicago at 2:15
P.fl In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York. - ( .
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
-FXDDF^V" p. m. with Palace and Tourist
f*lii v car* for Kansas City, St-Loma,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stocktod, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalla, Tulare rw>*n
and Bakersfield. ROAD
SEC YOU IN. San Francisco office. 62S
•FDicrft cnfiN Market Street, Phone Mai a
rxidlU 3UUN .. 153l; 0a,,,.,,,^ nl3 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street. • -
IVT ay« 223 near Franklin— l very large
rooms; 'bath; tub and yard; German family;
$12 50. '
HA\rOCK House. "SI Mission— Select family
rooming bouse; II 60 to $6 per week.
GEART, 14 A— Sunny furnished rooms; reaeon-
¦ l)> rent. ¦
GKAHY 495 <The >*avarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, gultes or single; travelers acoom.
FOI>FOM, MB, comer Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
fjrn'ehed rooms; suites or single; new rogmt.
FIFTH, 220 — $&; single front room; private
family; -furnished. . .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Elinor D. Pratt to V. C. Driffleld. lot on S
line of .Vallejo street, 191:3 E of Lacuna, W
22:10V6 by S 107:fi; $10. . . . , ./. . ,
John H. and Theresa Brunlngs to Thomas R.
Turner lot on N Hne of Vallejo, street, 56: J
W of Fillmore. .W 81, N 137:6, E 137:8, S 27:6,
W 83:6, S 4, E 27, S 96; $10. ?
Robert G. Hooker to same, undivided two
thirds of lot on W line -6f Fillmore street. 96
N of Vallelo. N 4 by W 83:6; $10. ¦:¦> ¦-?.>¦¦ -
Silas and Julia Simon to Henry Myers, lot on
NW corner of-- Fillmore -and O'Farrell streets,
W 100 by N' 29:6; $10- . •
David n.- and ' Amelia Faktor' to Kathartna
Sulzbacher, lot on S line of McAllister street,
112:8 W of Fillmore,- W 25 by S 137:6;. 510. . .
Charles F. and Mary A. Chase to Curtis Hlll
yer, undivided half of 50-vara lot » 4, block.
Hlbernla. Savings and Loan Society to.H. E.
Bothln lot on E line of Guerrero street. HO S
of Fifteenth. S ISO,. E 225:10, N 200, W 113:10.
S 20. W 112; $28,500. : * " '_; . ¦
Lilian I. Burdlck to Joseph F. Upson, lot on
E line of Brooklyn place, 67:6 S of Sacramento
street, S 20 by E 67:6; $10.
Sharon Estate Company (a corporation) to
Henry E Bothln, • lot on-NW line of Mission
street 20 SW of Second, SW 50 by NW 60; also
lot on NW line of. Mission street, 19:9 SW of
Second. SW 0:3 by NW 60; $28,000. ' ,f,
Katheiine Colbert to " Albert L. Bowhay, lot
on N line of Lake street, 107:« W of.Twenty
first avenue. W 23 by N 100: $10. I • -.
Patrick H. and t Elizabeth j Shaughnessy " to
Solomon Getz, lot on W line of Eleventh ave
nue 100 N of J street, N 25 by W 120; $10. *
Ges F. Lyon to C. C.'del Curo, lot on W line
of Ninth avenue, 75 N of X street. N 25 by W
120; $10. ..w.- -• ¦¦ ¦ •»,/< _:.i^- .--
Andrew " and Marlot Bertelsen te : Louise
Frlcke, lot on W line of Eleventh avenue. 225
N of L street. N 25 by W 120; *4.
¦ Matthew ' Kerrigan to James * and Margaret
Kerrigan, ¦ lot on NW .- line of Chenery street,
238 NE of Mateo. NE 25 by XW. 100, -.block 11,'
Falrmount; $5. "* . •
Frances M. or . Fannie M. Healey and Jo
sephine J. - Schwartz or Swartz to Maria and
Hermann Troller, lot on W line" of Shotwell
street, 120 N of Preclta avenue. N. 60 by W- 116.
lots 18 and 19, J. B. Hill's map Preclta Valley
lands; 11000. • — '¦" ' ¦-¦' '. - \: ;'
Andrew J. Clunle to Perry J. Smith. lot on
B line of Munich street. 75 S of Russia, a 225
by E 100, block 92, Eoccelslor Homestead, , quit
claim deed; t—-."-.-.t — -."-.-. ~--"v- " "-','.¦" .' ¦> -,•..-;¦, ..r j
Olive \'erkouteren^ (by attorney) tto Gabriel
Lewln, lot on E line of Ware street. ,200 8 of
Paul S 125 by - E - 100, lots 33 to «7, block ' «,
Ga'den-Tract Homestead ' Addition: 410. - - '
A to Nicholas and Henry Onw
landtand John A. * Buck, ' lots 18. to 22.% block
480 lots 41 and 48. ..b10ck SO2. lots 1, 16 and .32,
block D. lot 16,' block E, Haley purchase.. W. of
and adjacent to Hudson Tract; also lots 1 to
14. block 8,-> lots 3to 5. block -9. lot 6. block IS,
Pioche and: Robinson, Subdivision; HO.:!-,-,
'¦-'i Frederick E."- and Emille M. Mason, . John . ip.
and Nellie C- Mason to Joseph .B.Coryell, un
divided one-half Interest in the following— U>t
oo SW, corner of: Sixteenth (Center) anA UUb
COAST DIVISION- (Broad flange).
(Third and Townsoml Sta)
CLARA. 141 A. near Fifth— Nicely furnished
front room, $1 25 per week; modern.
CARBOIXTON, i;» Market, cor. Golden Gats
aye.— Runny corner; well f urn. ; rms. tt offices.
BCRNETT. 1426 Market st. <old No. 1264)— Fu-
r:..•;:• ¦! rms.. ouites, single; also unfurnished.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OAKLAND FL'RMTURE FOR SALE.
AN lntroduc«lon to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
OAKLAXD ROOMS.
COAST IM VISION tNarron Uange).
• (Fooiot Market Htrect.)--
A BRANCH cfflce for the reception of adver-
' tie«ncr.ts anfl subscrißtlor.s has been opened
si lil3 P-.lk it.; open until S p. m.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
. moved to 111S Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received et Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
t CLEAN, sunny, convenient rooms: separate
• entrance; *13. 47 Erie St., bet. ISth and 14th.
VAN NEES. 408—3 sunny connecting rooms.
<-cn*.p)ete for housekeeping; stationary tubs;
yaru. .
TT'RK, M3— Bunr.y room: grate, gas and bath;
_-M housekeeping if desired: »K.
THIRTEENTH. 175— Front and back parlor;
alf.i» ether rooms for housekeeping.
SIXTH. I>— Nicely furnished rooms for light
• housekeeping; $1 to $1 25.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
- GRAND
A J Clark & w. Cal
TV" E Crocker. Boston
H E Crocker. Boston
C Peck. Syracuse, : h
W A McVear, USA
J F Arnerich, Napa
J'Aylward, Llvermore
E Whfpple, Decoto
W J Bennetts, Cal
J F Coutts. Cal
G B Efner. N V
W Abram. N V
T D Babbitt. Bolsft
J "VVarßhanar, Or
F B Cole, Tacoma .
R A GHfflth, lowa
J Alexander, Susanville
R D Glllespie, Cal
Miss L Gillesple. Cal
I R McCormack, Colo
Miss A Rich, Denmark
A J Roes, Denmark
I Cohen, Sacto i
Mrs Lefebure, 111
PALACE
W H Parsons, Chgo
Mrs W H Parsons, Chg
E F Ross, NJ
C Sperber, Oregon
A A Grant, N M
F X Moore. Ohio
Mrs F X Moore. Ohio
Mrs Rock, Ohio
C Wllcox. Ohio • .
Mrs C Wilcox, Ohio
Mrs J M Flske, Boston
H M Wade, Boston
Miss A E Smith. . Bostn
G W Smith, Boston
Mrs G W Smith, Bostn
Miss Alice Smith, oßs
Miss M T Smith, Bost
M Ryder, Boston , .
E Callahan. 11l
Mrs M E Mercer, Ills
W Eckert, NY
B Thomas, NY „
B Schimmel, N V
NEW • WESTI
A J Dutcher, Neb I
N G Leverone, Fresno
J H Whisner, Manila
W P McCann, S Jose
J Dennis, NY:
J Murtha, N.Y
J.A Watts, wf, Cal ¦.
F Llnton, wf. Cal
Mrs D C Dean. Cal
C L Dillon. Stockton
HOTEL.
M X Crocker A w. Mass
a, Henry, Stockton -"
J" McCudden, Vallejo
L Cohen, Chicago
H O Nelson. Vancouvr
H M Orahame, Victoria
C E Ilgenfrltz. Sedalia
P L Deweese. Sedalia
E Gal breath & w. Cal
C E Thurston, Chicago
Dr W Llnscott, S Cru*
E Wack. St Louis
Dr S B Gordon, Salinas
G Rarilare, Ballnas
M Meyewirtz, N V
J Haven, Holllster
A C Goss. Cal
C Hoffman Sta Crua
0 Bulow, Reddiiu?
C O Dunbar. Sta Rosa
D H McEwen. Cal
C O. Ashley. N V r
B a Miller. Seattle
W Edwards & w, Cal
HOTEL.
Mrs G D Johnson, N V
E L Williams. London
N Smole, London
A Woehns, NY
Mrs A Woehns. NY
Mrs J Block, Ohio
Miss C Block. Ohio
Mlps A Herman, Ohio ¦
T E Thomas, Oakland
Mm T E Thomas, Cal
C D Bibblns, Spokane
Mrs C D Blbblns, Spok
S Gottlieb. NY .
W F IJoyd. Plttsburg
Mrs W F. Lloyd, Pitts
A F Bell. S Barbara
G F Burns, Michigan
Miss A Malvin, Wis ; I
J A Van Cloe, Wis
[Mrs J A Van Cloe, Wis
H Doyle, Vancouver
J S Jepson, NY -*¦:
Q D Johnson. N V
3RN HOTEL. :
|R,Warmold; wf, Chgo
Mrs W B Tobey, N V
1 Phillips, N V
L R Devere, N.Y •
W Bener, .. Stockton -
G' W Brunner, Mont
IJ H Durst. Cal
L Johnson, wf. Or
L Cook, wf. Neb .
W J Dickson, Fresno
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
BILL. Z2ty—&oar sunny rooms, parlor floor:
completely furclehed for housekeeping; coal
,* range; tubs; bath, eta : $J5.
HOWARD, 10«l— t comDletely furnished oon-
necUng hoo— kpg. rooms; running watert »10.
LAJIKIN. 321, cor. Golden Gate aye.— Elegant
m-jtiar fcou*ek»«f>inr apartments. . .
NATOMA. IM, near Fourth— 2 front fnrnlshed
housekeeping rooms; water, sink and closet.
OAK. *0»— I nnfnrclshed rooms for hou*ekeep-
lr.g.
O FARRELL. 209—8 nicely furnished houeekeep-
¦ ing rooms; very reasonable.
-GOLDEN OATE, 454— Housekeeping •ulte;
- complete; $3S mo.; single rooms, $10 and Jit M.
FILLMORE. 2211, near Clay— « large sunny un-
furnished rooms; nice yard; water; $7.
FILLMORE. «13, near Hayes— 4 sunny fur-
¦¦ niched housekeeping rooms; upper flat; pri-
vate family.
ELLIS, 665— Three rooms unfurnished in rear
house; rent $10.
BATLBOAD TBAVEL.
BATLBOAD TBAVXL.
CAIIWIMIA NOBTHWESTEIN XT. CO.
SAN FRAHCISeO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfcuron Parry, Foot of Market St,
BAJJ FRANCISCO TO SAX IUTAXL.
WEEZ'SiTi-T:»i »rf». 11: CO a. m.: 13:JS.
3:30, 5:10. I:SS ». m. Thursdays— Extra trip
At 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trtpa at 1:69
and 11:33 d. m.
BUKDATS-S:O(X •:». 11:00 a. m.; 1:3% 1:30.
1:00. 1:20 p. m.
BAN RATAEI. TO SAN rRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY9-4:l». 7:». l:J0. U:10 a. m.; 13:45.
t:4O. 5:10 p. m. Saturday! — Extra trips at
l-.SS and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-SilO. iU9. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 2:40, 5:35,
«:25 p. m.
BeWMn San B*ranclico and Schuetsen Park
¦ame schedule aa abov*.
DOUBLE parlors for light housekeeping; $13;
also aingle rooms; reasonable. 1113' i Howard.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
$14C0r-CORNER lot; Santa Clara are.';. BOxlM;
near Morton-st. station. ' ',
$1600— Fine lot; 60x150; Paru st., near the
bay; bargain. ' - .
$1000— Elegant Jot, west side of Lafayette it.,
near Ean Antonio aye.; snap.
$8200— New modern t-room house; Alameda
avenue, near Lafayette st. : large lot. .
$3SOO— New Colonial, T-room cottage; Grand
St., near Alameda are.; easy installments;
- large lot: snap.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda; all the
above can be bought on easy terms.
OJflce open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park et.. Alameda.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA, 2t23— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
$3500— WORTH $4000: store, 3 rooms; bath; flat
.above. S rooms, bath, rented. $30. 1417 Pacific
TWO flats, 4 and S rooms; bath; part cash, bal-
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving -00.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM 6EATTLB. ....B. 8. "BERTHA." eommeaclajr April It*
AND MONTHI.T THEREAFTER.
FOR sale, cheap— New 2-story bouses. 7 rooms;
latest Improvements; Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castrc-st. cars: 'patent sidewalk.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 6th; phone Mint 4i.
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM BAN FRANCISCO ;.;...j.; .;...j. fl. a "ST. PAUL." Ma» Mt» ,
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
HAVE you real estate tn the Mission or Hom-
er's- Addition that you wish to dissoae of
then call en W. J. GUNN, f.SO California st.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
rROM BAN FRANCIBCO .... .....^...^^ :...%. 8. TORTtAMTT ..ApriI M, me
FROM SEATTLE ....:.......«.......^-....^._ ..^.i. I. "DORA" .April la, IMS
1..0 M 6AS FRANCISCO .8. 8. "RAINIER" May 10, UN
SPECIAL KOTICES.
FOR sale— At a sacrifice ; $300 for 2 lots on the
north Fide of the park; worth $690.
<IMO— A corner suitable for grocery stops;
in the Mission; worth $2300.
$4000— House of S rooms and bath; lot 2lx
127 6 f*et en Pin* Et.; worth $6000. Call be-
tween » a. m. and U m.
J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
WANTED— 2 or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping: modern; rent between $15 and $1S;
near Hayes and Fillmore. C. M. SMITH.
Pacific Rolling Mills. . ¦
ROOMS WASTED.
ALASKA COMMERCIM, COMPANY
...F>OR...
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES , MAIL.
NEW family hotel; first class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
select people. 807 California ai,, occupying
corner opposite Grace Church. *^ I
Dredging Bids Too High.
OAKLAND, March 7.— Bids for dredg
ing at the city wharf were opened to-day
by the Board of Public Works, the ten-,
ders being as follows: San Francisco Bridge
Company, 13435 20; John Hackett. $3040. The
bid 9 exceed the appropriation of $3500. The
specifications called for dredging to a
depth of twenty feet, and they will prob
ably be changed to eighteen feet.
Lectures on Vedantism.
OAKLAND. March 7.— "The Laws of
Life and Death" was tho subject of a dis
course delivered this evening at the First
Unitarian Church by Swaml Vlveka
nanda. the Hindoo expounder of Vedant-
Ism. The second lecture in. the course will
be - given Thursday evening, the subject
beins; "The Reality and the Shadow." On
Monday evening there will: be. a discourse
on "The Way of Salvation. **
DIED.
Atkins, Ellen A.
De Carley, J. B.
Dodge, Mrs. Hannah
Downie, Margaret
Farrisey, Michael
Fox, Frances
Frink, Ledyard
Greenan, Fanny' '
Hagan., Cella
Hanks, Ann B. jr
Hannan, Georre
Harmond*. Frederick
Harris. Etta
Hill, Martin
Hillebrandt, H.-
Holland. Phlllo
Igo, Mao-
Johnson, N. P.
Kesseler, Francis H.
Lamberg Frandne A.
Laws, Benjamin H.
McCain, George W.
Noblle, Joseph
Pappenfuss, Capt. F.
Pickering. Minnie R.
Schlelcher, Jacob
Sevening, Louisa
Shepston, Catherine
Sposlto, Peter ' • •
Stack. Kate
Stone, O. W.
Talbot." Hannah A..
Wightman, Lizzie
Wilbur, Elida
Wynne, William
ATKINS— In this city. March 6, 1900, Ellen
Amelia Atkins, beloved wife of A. Atkins,
mother of- Mm. M. P. Danly. and sister of
Ed M. Hart of HornellsviUe. N. T.. Helen
and Callie Hart and Mrs. O. Sherman of
Canisteo. N. T.. a native of New York, aged
49 years 2 months and 6 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1154 Guerrero, street, corner of
Twenty-fourth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by funeral car.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 815, ,K. and L. of H.—
Officers and members are respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral of our deceased
sister, Ellen - A. Atkins, this day (Thurs-
day), at 1 o'clock, from the family residence,
1154 Guerrero street, comer of Twenty-fourth.
¦ JENNIE DINKLAGE. Protector.
DE CARLBY — At Duncan Mills. March 8,
1900, J. B. de Carley, a native of Switzerland,
aged 48 years.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral at Duncan
Mills this day (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, un-.
der the auspices of the Masonlo Lodge.
DODGE— In this city, March 7, 1900, Mrs. Han-
nah Dodge, beloved mother of John Dodge, a
• native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
IZTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), from the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2426 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
DOWNIE— In this city. March 6, 1900. Mar-
garet, wife of the late Henry Downle, be-
loved mother of Henry J. and Katie Downle,
and sister of Owen Egan, a native of Ireland,
aged 49 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at »:J0
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FARRISEY— In this city, March 7. 1900,' at nil
residence, 1719 Hayes street, Michael Far-
tifcey. beloved husband of the late Catherine
¦ Farrisey, and father of Hannah. Daniel and
Mary Farrisey, Mrs. Peter Martina and Mrs.
Fred Bonn, a native of Ireland, aged 85 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 7 o'clock, from the residence of
his daughter, Mrs. Peter Martina, 1719 Hayes
street, thence to St. Agnes Church. Masonic
avenue, between Page and Oak streets, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
tho repose of his soul, commencing at 7:30
o'clock. Interment Santa Cruz Cemetery.
FOX--In Oakland. March 6, 1900, Frances, relict
of the late Michael Fox, and mother of Mrs.
Julia Due, M. T. Fox and Mrs. Frances
Cooper, a native of Germany, aged 66 years
1 month and 8 days.
FRINK— In Oakland. March «, 1900, Ledyard
Frink, a native of New York, aged 89 years
and 10 days.
CTThe funeral will be held from the resi-
dence. 1220 Grove street, Oakland. CaU this
day (Thursday), at 1 o'clock.
GREENAN— In the City and County Hospital,
March 7, 19C0, Fanny Greenan, a native of
California, aged 32 years. .
HAGAN— In this city. March 7, 1900, Celia
Hagan. beloved mother of Mrs. J. M. Kauf-
. man, Mrs. F. H. Rothchlld and Daniel. M. M.
and Louis Hagan, a native of Hanover, aged
63 years 6 months and 10 days. (Portland,
Or., papers please copy.)
BryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
J. M. Kaufman, 2524 Pine street. Interment
Home of ' Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
HANKS-In Oakland, March 6, 1900. at 600
Twelfth street, Ann Eliza, beloved wife of
J. G. Hanks, and mother of Eliza P. and
May E. Brown of Oakland and Mrs. M. M.
Scott of . Honolulu, a native of New York,
aged 71 years 7 months and 19 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited -to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at her. late
residence. 600 Twelfth street. Oakland. . .
HANNAN— In this city/March 7, 1900, of scar--
let fever, Georee, beloved son of Michael and
the late Bridget Hannan, and brother of •
James, Lillian, William, Katie, Nellie and
the late Mamie Hannan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 22 years.
ICT Funeral took place yesterday.
HARMONDZ— In this, city, March 7 1900. Fred-
erick Harmondz, a native of Sweden, aged 74
years. « .
HARRIS— In this city, Etta Harris, daughter
of Emerson and Esther Harris, a native of
San Francisco, aged 8 years and 8 months.
HILL— In this 'city, March 7, 1900. Martin, be-
loved husband of Marie Hill, and father of
Ene and Jennie Hill, a native of Denmark,
aged 4S years and 3 months.
HILLEBRANDT— In this city, H. - Hillebrandt,
beloved son of Maria and the late J. H. Hille-
brandt, and brother of J. H. Jr., William,
Maria, Cathartna, August. George and Adele
Hillebrandt. a native of Bederkesa, Hanover,
Germany, aged 32 years 11 months and 16
days.
E7Notice of funeral hereafter.
HOLLAND— In the City and County Hospital.
March 7. 1800, Philip Holland, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 67 years.
IGO— In this city, March 6, 1900, Mary, wife of
James Igo, mother of Mrs. J. J. Meyer, Mrs.
A. E. Held,- Mrs. W. -Brittaln.' Louise and
James Igo and the late Mrs. J. W. Kelly, and -
sister of Mrs. Daniel . Doherty, a native of
Ireland, aged F4 years.
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
. residence. 663 Hayes street, thence to Sacred
- Heart Church, corner ¦ Fell and Fillmore
etreets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will bo celebrated for the repose of her »oul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. . Interment Holy
¦ Cross Cemetery.
EXCELSIOR Circle No. 2, C. of F. of A.— The.
officers and members of Excelsior Circle No.
2, C. of F. of A., are Invited to attend the
. funeral of Companion Mrs. '. M. Ijro from her
late residence, €63 Hayes street, this day
(Thursday), at 9:20 o'clock.
MRS. M. A. DUKB. C. C.
THOMAS SEWELL, Fin! ' Sec. ¦
JOHNSON— In this city, March 7," 1300, N. P.,
beloved' husband of • Bertha Johnson, and
lather of Sophia and Bertha Johnson, 'a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 65 years. . • ¦
JCyinterment private.' Please omit (Towers.
KESSELER— In this city. March 7, 1900. Fran-
cis H. - Kesseler. beloved husband of Mary
Elizabeth Kesseler, father of Elizabeth. Eu-
gene, Charles. Agnes, Gertrude, Edith and
Crlssle Kesseler,. and brother of Maria and
-' the late Joseph Kesseler of San Francisco,
Dr. A. Kesseler and the late Rev. A. Kesseler
of New York, Mrs. John Elchorn of Boston
and the . late Sister Ursula of Notre Dame,
Mass., a native of Cologne, j Germany, aged
68 years and 1 month.
|C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
LAMBERG— In this city, March?, 1900. Fran-
> cine Adeline;, beloved wife of Edward Lam-
berg (nee Commarmont), a native 'of ¦¦ St.
Ktlenne, France, aeed 43 years. »
jC7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at ' 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1442 Clay street, between Leavenworth
- and Hyde. - •
LAWS— In this city. March 6, 1900. Benjamin
H.. beloved son of Benjamin A. and Lillian
D. Laws, a native of San Francisco, aeed 13
years 3 months and 21 days.
CTFrlends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this diy
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted' & Co., 946 Mission -street. Inter-
ment private. _ .
McCAIN— In . Frultvale, March «, . 1900, George
W. -McCain, a- native of Tennessee, aged 69
years 2 months and 7 .days. ¦ < . -. i
£7:Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attpnd the funeral services
this day -(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at his
late residence. ; Bryant street, near . San Le-
andro road, Frultvale. ' .- , ¦ •
NOBILE— In Napa. March 4. 1900, Joseph No-
blle, brother of Henry Noblle, a native of
Switzerland, aged 50 years. .
tir Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, '' from -417 First
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by train at- 11:3<T o'clock. «
PAPPENFt?SS-In this city, .March «. 1900. at
hts residence, 627 Ellsworth street, Bernal
Heights, Captain Frederick, beloved husband
of Elizabeth Pappenfuss, father of Frederick
Jr. and Sophie Pappenfuss. and stepfather of
William; Herrman. Oweri. John and Lizzie
Brown and Mrs. Mary Hughes, a native of
Prussia, Germany.- aged -65 years 6 months
and 5 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), frcm Red Men's Hall, 820 > Post
• street, where services will be held under the
auspices of Sotoyome Tribe No. 12, I. O."R.
M., commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment
Mount, Qlivet Cemetery. ? • - ( ; ?. ;.., , , , .
PICKERING— In Oakland, March 7, 1900. Min-
nie R. Pickering, wife of Dr. J. C. Pickering,
beloved daughter of Mary F. McSorley and the
late ' Terence McSorley, and sister of H J
R. V... J,' J.. A. 1.. T. E. and Annle^C Mc-
Sorley, a native of Mokelumne Hill, Calaveras
County, Cal.. aged 19 years 10 months and 22
days. ¦ - ¦¦ ¦¦ " • ' • " • .. . -. -
• C7" lnterment In Mokelumne Hill Saturday
March 10. . : . . ¦
SCHLEICHER— In this ¦ city. March 7. 1900, at
THIRD." 403— Nicely | furnished sunny room*. $1
to II 60. ¦ ¦ •"¦•-. ¦
THIRTEENTH, 8»,- near Valencia-Large front
room, with clooet; rent 16.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming hous«
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor. !
1900, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Lewis Elbrldge Stlnson of Ban Francisco and
Lulu Irene Venable of Los Angeles.
STRIDDE— WAUGH— In this city/ March 7,
l»00, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Axel
William SUidde of .Santa Rosa, and Clar-
enssa Jane Waugh of San Francisco.. -
streets, W 100 by 8 M; also lot on NW corner
of Vermont and Sixteenth streets, N 100 by W
85; $10. i- .¦" ? ;¦¦¦-::¦ -•> - -^ :y: y • \-/ :
Alameda County.
.Mary H." and E5. T. Maxcy to Burdette Cor
nell, lot 8 and the W half of lot 9, block 1107,
Alden Tract at Temeacal, " Oakland; 810. •¦' "•¦
Mary Ireland- to William Qalmarlno, lot on
N line' oT Forty-sixth rtreetrTME of Orw,
E 70 by N 100, being lof 28 and W portion of
lot 25. block 2111, ' Alden Tract at" Temsscal,
Oakland; 110. v ..- " . , ;
Joseph A." Benton to S.G. B". Dunbar, lot on
S line of Hawthorne avenue,' 872.68 W of Web
ster street, S 80, W 187.88. X and E on a curve
of 144 radius a distance of W.t4.to berinninr.
being a portion of lot 17, Buena Vista Home
stead. Oakland; $10. ' - ' .
John B. Donovan to Margaret A. Donovan,
lot on S line 'of MarlDoea street; 250. W E• of
Paradise. E ICO, S 118.93. W 100.04. N U«.85 to
beginning, being lots 21 and 22, block 6, McKe*
Tract, Oakland: $100. - ¦ -
Chrtstlan G.- Rode to- Maria.- W.B. Rode, lot
on SE i corner of Temescaland Tele«rraph ave
nues aa widened, B- 138 by 8 150, being lots 4,
5 and. 6,- less. the, portion taken for widening of
Telegraph avenue, being a portion of Temescal
Park, Oakland; gift -"¦ ¦ • ' ' " ' ' 21
C k. New to Mollie C. Robinson, lot on NW
line of Twenty-second avenue, 110 SW of East
Twenty-first street, SW SO by NW 125. being
'the SW 30 feet of lota 13 to 17, block 61; San
Antonio, East Oakland' (subject to a mortgage
for 11000); $5. ,Vt, ,- • -;-¦ ,-:
Eureka Loan. Association .to Amelia R.
logg, lot on S line of Blake street. 475- B of
Fulton, E 120.52 by 8 135. -being a portion of
block 1454,. Blake Tract, maps 1 and 2, Berkeley
property, Berkeley; $10. •
Charles Babb .to Eureka Loan Association,
a triangular piece -of land bounded on the E
by Ellsworth street, on the 8 by • the former
8 line of the town of Berkeley. -on th» W by
W line of Leonard Tract, a portion of block
2, Leonard Tract, • Berkeley (quitclaim deed); $6.
B.: 8 Bryan to Josl* A. Bell, all Interest in
lot on E line of Fulton street, 44 S of Bancroft
way 543 by. E 100, being -a portion of lot 8.
block 13, map of property of College Homestead
Association,- Berkeley; $10. * ";¦"' ' '
William A. and Emma Htrnphill to George
Robins, lot, on W lln« of Otis street, 141.84 S
of Russell, S 60 by W 122:6, being lot 8 and N
half of lot 10, block 11, amended -map of;Cep
tral, Alcatraz and Newbury stations, Berke
ley (subject to a Hen to Oakland Paving Com
pany); $1500.^ ¦ ¦.'-¦¦.- : " ' -•>
Mary Nlelsoa (executrix of the estate of Her
man Nlelson) to George Peterson, lot 2, Nlelson
Tract in '. Soto Rancho, Eden Township, ex
cept a strip 24 feet in width along 8 line of lot
2 and extending from Lorenzo avenue to Nter
son; $1828. - -. - •¦ -
.. George W. McNear to Richard Leach, lot on
NW corner of Grove and Fortieth streets (or
Evoy avenue), N 110 by W 124, being a portion
of Montgomery Tract, map 2, Oakland: $10. '• ¦
Ernest A and Elizabeth D. Heron to George
H. Ismon. lot 2. block I. Linda Vista Terrace,
map 2, Oakland; $10.' ' ' ' ' _ -.-
James A. Thompson to Donohoe-Kelly Bank
ln* Comnany. ¦ 2.09 acres on NW line of High
street. 282.80 SW of Presoott, NW 466.70, SW
308 SE 423.67. NE 306.20 to beginning, being
known as the Inez Tract, Brooklyn Township,
except lots 1 to 4 of said tract; $10.
Albert C. and ¦' Augusta L." W. Larsen to
George C. Sargent, lot on N line of Santa Clara
avenue, 459:1 W of Fifth street. W 116:«tf by
N 144:3, being a portion of Chlpman W 111-acr«
Tract, Alameda;. slo.
Lucy R, and Mary A. Simpson to Amy S.
Beck, lot on S line of ' Simpson avenue, 196.1
W of Telegraph. W 30 by S 10«.33, being a por
tion of Simpson Tract, Oakland: $10.
i Mary Flynn (widow) to Mary' E. Flynn, lot
on S line of West Eighteenth street, 132:3 W
of Klrkham. W 25 by S 104:9. being lot I, block
602, Scotchler Tract, Map I.' Oakland; gift.
J. L. Wetmore to Blanche I. Sherman, lot
on S line of Eeleve,nth street. 100 W of Clay,
W 31 by S 100, being lot 13 and E 6 feet of lot
12, block 146, Oakland; $10.
Roy E. and Minnie A. Langworthy. to J. M.
Bartlett. lot on 8 line of Walnut or Twenty
second street, 85 E of Franklin, E 35 by 8 100,
block 8, Map of Pacific Homestead, Oakland;
$10. . -•¦:
Same to I same, lot on E line of Franklin
street, 100 S of Walnut Or Twenty-second. S
30 by E 100. block 3. same. Oakland: $10.
Bacon Land and Loan Company (coporatlon)
to Ella E. B. Sonle (wife of Frank), lot on
W line of Oak street. 100 N of Ninth. W 150.
8 100, E to West Oak street. N to beginning,
lots 19 to 25, block 125, Oakland: $15,000.
Thomas J. McClelland to Isabella E. McClel
land, lot on E corner of East Nineteenth street
and Seventeenth avenue, NE 140 by SB 50, be
ing lots 1 and 2, block 48. San Antonio; also
all proDerty In -State of California; gift.
Careten and Marie Namanny to Jacob Junk
er, lot on N line of Alcatraz avenue, 160 W of
Shattuck avenue, W 160, N 240. E 200, S 120,
W 40. > S 120. to beginning, being portion of
Vicente Peralta Reserve, Berkeley;. slo.
Jacob Junker to Cars ten Namanny, lot on B
line of Ellis street, 75.1 N of Falrvlew avenue,
N 37.65 by E 120, being the S H of lot 119, block
4, Reg»nt-street Homestead Association. Berke
ley; $IO.J m
F: R. Whitcomb (administrator of the estate
of J. B.; Whitcomb) to Crlstopher C. Webb,
undivided half Interest In lot .19. block 12. Cen
tral' Park Tract on Amended Map of Central
Park, Alcatraz and Newbury stations, Berke
ley; $146.
L. C. and Miriam Morehouse to J. G. Poor
man.--riots 831 and 232. . Rose Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $5.
Margaret P. • Cahtll- to Christopher J. Cahlll,
lots 25 and 26. block G, Corrected Map of N'icol
Tratft, Hrooklyn Township; $10.
George W. and Arrle V. Nickell to Charles
N. Palmer, 10t '49. Kingsland Tract. 'quitclaim
deed, Brooklyn Townshlrujl. . ...
Meta Meyer to Meta T?leraeyer, lot begin
ning at a flake in NE line of Main street, dis
tant NW 70 from a point formed by" the Inter
section of N line of I) street 1 and E line of
Main, thence NE 200. NW 160, SW 100, SE 90,
SW 100, SE:7O, to beginning of town of Hay
wards, Eden Township; gift.
Anna Woolbrldge to Emma G. Mentz. lots 22
and 23, -block D, Oaskill Tract, Oakland; SI.
Mary Smith to James L. and Margaret Smith,
lot M. block 682, Watts Tract, Oakland; gift.
Maria C. and R. J. Pavert to Albert Sten
biht. lot on SE line of Fifth avenue, 90 SW of
East Eighteenth street, SW 600. SE 100, block
99. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
' F W. Fry to Nellie- V. Bennett, lot on SB
line' of Tenth avenue. 150 SW of East Eleventh
street, SE 150 by SW 25, East Oakland: $10..
Peter H. Stubhe to Claus Meinert. lot on S
line of Alcatrax avenue, 100 E of Calais street.
R 60. S 137, W 60," N 13$:8, to beginning, being,
lot 8 block B.. Paradise Park, Berkeley; $2150.
San - Francisco Savings Union to Kate M.
Rlehl, lot'on-SE line of. Fountain street, 100
NE of Monroe. NE 66:6 by SE 100. belnr lot
16 and portion of lot 15. block 81, as surveyed
by J. T.'Stratton July 24. 1879. Alameda; $650.
Marie Hllleirass to A. L. Sobey. lot on NB
corner of Derby street and Manoa avenue, -N 1
50- by E 159.48, being' lot 13, block F, Hillegaas
Tract, map 3, Berkeley; $10. -
Eleanor S., Chester and Ella M. Deertnsr to
Cornelia Shields, lot on SW corner of Peralta
and Prentles avenues, thence NW 125 by jSW
40, Brooklyn Township; $10. . . ¦
Helnrtch -Fortmann to Anna Fortmann, j lot
on S line of Taylor avenue, 167 W of McPherson
street, 8 MS by W 100, being lots 15 to 18, block
17, Oak Shade Tract, Alameda; gift. • '
Andrew. and Jane C. Jones to Martin Show,
lot 10, block L. Map of Andrew Jones Subdivi
sion Brooklyn Township; grant.
Mary J. and W. A. L. Knowles to Hansford
B. Griffith, lot on SE corner of Lincoln av^nus
and Pearl street, E 140 by S .70, being lot 1
and portion lot 2. block 8. Map of Hays and
Caperton Property; also 'lot on N lino of San
Antonio avenue, 200 E of Walnut street. E 40
by N 100. being a portion . of lot 6, . block X,
lsnds adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda: $10.
M. L. and Henrietta C. Culver to Charles M.
Culver, lot on 8E corner of Central avenue and
Grove street, S 107.77, E 64.09, N 111.60, W 64.U,
to beginning, being lot 4, block 102, Map No. 1
of a portion of Sather Trust Property, ] Ala
meda: gift. ¦
William H. Martin to Maty I* Kllbourn. lot
on SW corner of West .Twelfth and Magnolia
streets. W 133:3, S ICO, E 33:3. N 66:8, E 100. N
33:4 to beginning, block 662. Oakland; $10.
Maty L. Kllbourn. to William, H. Martin, lot
on W line of Magnolia street.. 33:4 8 of West
Twelfth, S J6:B«by W 100, block 662, Oakland;
110. .
Harriet C. and Alfred G. Swain ta Lfxale A.
DiX lot on- E line of Telegraph avenue, . BL»S
S of Sixty-second -street (formerly Colusa av«
nue), S 51.95, E 147.20. N 60. W 133.70 to begin
ning being lot 3. block K. Roberts and Wolf
skill Tract. Map 3. Oakland: $10. rrn - • ¦
Mary -dc N. Harmon to Mary V?. Le Cont*
(wife of L. J.), lot'on W line of Benvenue ave
nue 1W 8 of Dwlght way, S 66.84. '-W-Jf1. 76. N
63 67; thence In a straight , line 100 .. t0 begin
ning being portion of block B. resubdivided
Hlllegass Tract. Map 8. Berkeley; gift.
Alice Hillerass (single) to Charinlan C. Kit
tredee (single), lot on E-llne of Hlllegass ave
nue 385.56 S of Dwlght way. S 50 by E 159.68.
being lot 1.- block B. Hlllesass Tract. Map i.
Berkeley: $10. ¦ V '-'¦ '-¦
Builders' Contracts.
' Miss Isabella Levy (owner), with W. L. Hol
man : (contractor), architects 'Salneld ft Kohl
berg—"Elevator and grill- work i and • all - dumb
waiter work for a B-story and brick
building 6n lot on N line of Union-square ave
nue (Morton street), 67:1 W of Grant avenue.
W 40 by N 40: $2225. . *
' William J. and Annie E. Smale (owners) with
Henry Behrens (contractor), , plans by. owners-
All work '. except mantels, - gas fixtures and
shades for a 3-story frame building (3 flats) on
lot on S Una of > McAllister , street. 105 W of
Steiner. W25 by 137 :«: $7000 .--„,-- ;.-:-¦ • ?
Emil G. and Mary A. Kluge (owners) with
McCullotigh Contracting Company (contractors
and - architects)— All work ; for three ; 1%-s tory
cottages and two 2-story cottages with con
crete foundations and rough basements on lot
on NE corner of .Twenty-third and Church
streets.- N 124:2 by, E 70; $8800. "
i ¦ Thomaa J. ' Fraser • (owner) ¦ with ¦ Terrill
Brothers (contractors), architects Havens &
Toepke— All ' work except • plumbing, sewering,
gasflttlng, painting, varnishing, mantels I and
gas: fixtures fora 2-story with 'basement' and
attlo- frame building. on. lot. on N line of Clay
street. 137:8 E of Laurel, E 25 by. N 127:8 H.
Western Addition block 814: J34TB. ;
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Vnfnrn.
his residence, 1124 O'Farrell streeV^ Jacob
Schlelcher. beloved husband of Katherlne
¦ Schlelcher. and father of A. F. Schleicher
and Mrs. Ed L. Head, a native of Bruchsaal.
Baden aged 73 years 7 months and 9 days. <
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1124 O'Farreir street.- thence to Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner of Seventh- and Market
streets, where services will be held under the
auspices of Germanta Lodge No. 116. - I. O.
0. F., commencing at. 2 o'clock. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please, omit flowers.-, i
SEVENING— In Alameda* March 7. 1900, Louisa
Sevening. beloved wife of Henry Sevening.
and mother of Mrs. Frank Miller and Lulu and
Alma Sevening, a native \of Germany .aged
68 years 4 months and 25 days. (Tuolumne
County papers please copy.)
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.:-
SHEPSTON— In this city. March-6, 1900, Cath-
" erlne beloved wife of William Shepston, and
mother of Robert Shepston.. Mrs. James
Flaherty and -Mrs. B. C. Lynch, a native of
Queens County, Ireland, aged 63 years and S
U'lS'Frienas and acquaintances are respect-
•fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 124 Fairmount "treet, thenoe to St.
Paul's Church, corner of Twenty-ninth • and
Church streets, wher* a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul commencing at 9 o'clock. . Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . .;
BPOSITO-In this city, March 5. / WOO, Peter,
beloved husband of Rose Sposlto (nee Bohan),
father of Mrs. Morris Enos, and brotheMn-
law of Mrs Thomas Bohan. Mrs. John Mc-
Laughlln. Mrs. Kate McLaughlln and Miles
Bohan of Bonoma County. Cal.. a native of
Italy, aged 87 years. „
(Cr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Bunker A Lunt, 2666 Mission street, thenc«
to St. James Church, corner Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets, where a solemn, requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.. Interment
I Holy Cross Cemetery: '
STACK -In this city. March I, UOO, Kate
Stack, a native of Ballybunlon, County
Kerry, Ireland.
C 7" Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the "funeral this day
(Thursday), at' B:4s o'clock, from the parlors
of J C O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at »
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STONE— In- this city, March 6, 1900, . G. _ : W.
Stone a native of New York, aged 48 years.
C-TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday) at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvby & Co., 1235, Market street,, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
TALBOT— In this city. March 7. 1900, Hannah
A., wife of Thomas H. Talbot, a native of
San Francisco, aged 37 years.
WIGHTMAN— In this. city, March t, 1900, Ltz-
«le Wightman, beloved wife of James Wight-
man mother of Hattle, Johnnie, Alice and
Albert ¦ Wightman, and sister of Mrs. Wil-
liam McDermott and Mrt. William O'Brien,
a native of New York, aged 83 years and 11
months. ' ,
(CT'Friends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 24 Lily avenue, oft Franklin street, be-
tween Oak and Page. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cetnetery-
WILBUR— In this city, March 6. 1900, entered
'into rest, Ellda Wilbur, daughter of the i late
A. Wesley Wilbur and Mrs. Maxy E. C- Lo-
gan. * - - ;
ETFuneral services will take place this day
fThursday), at- 2 o'clock, at the residence of
her mother, 2228 California street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
WYNNE— In this city. March 6, 1900, William,
beloved husband of Ellen Wynne, and father
of Nicholas P. and Lizzie A. Wynne, a na-
tive of County Monaghan, Ireland. <
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday).' at. 9 o'clock, from his late, resi-
dence, 114 Capp street, thence to St. Charles
Borromeo's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9JSO o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THE monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of ' St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for the parents and
relatives of the living members, will be sung
in St. Dominic's Church this day (Thurs-
day), at 9 o'clock.
ST. JOSEPH'S UNION— The semi-annual re-
3ulem mass for the deceased members of SU
oseph's Union, and for the deceased friends
of the livinir members, . will be celebrated tn
St. Mary's Cathedral at 10 o'clock this day
(Thursday). As usual,, there will be a sermon
on that occasion. The patrons and friends cf
the Youths' Directory are cordially invited xo
" be present a*, tin* mass.
cult Court to-day the case of the estate
of ' Dick QuUhaugr. deceased, against the
Southern Pacific Company for SSOOO result
ed In a verdict for the defendant after the
Jury had deliberated for several- honr*.
The suit waj based upon the allegation
that the negligence of the railroad com
pany resulted in the death of Qullhaug.
who was killed by a train in the Ro*e
burg yard. ; .- . -¦ . . - . . . ' '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 1900.
PREPARATION OF THE
NEW LICENSE ORDERS
Merchants' Association Bepresenta-
tives Confer With the Super
visors' Committee.
,'A deputation from the Merchants' Asso
ciation was present at yesterday's meet
ing of the Supervisors', License and j Or
ders Committee for the purpose of Inter
preting correctly the provision of the
charter which states that no license taxes
shall be imposed upon any person who at
any fixed place. of business sells or manu
factures goods, wares or merchandise ex
cept such as (require permits from the Po
lice Commission. -¦
The object of the conference was to de
termine who should and who should not
pay a license under the ordinances to b«
drafted by the Supervisors. -It was - the
consensus of opinion that resident agents
of concerns whose place of business is in
other States are exempt from, the charter
provision. Inasmuch as the interstate com
merce law regulates that branch of com
merce. Slaughterers of cattle are also
exempted, as are also restaurant-keepers
who do not sell wine with their meals, tt
was decided to grade the restaurants Into
three classes. Tax Collector Scott was
present at the meeting and reported the
results so far obtained In the preparation
of the new ordinances. :
TWENTT-THIRD. -3166. near Howard-! or I
nicely furnished . sunny housekeeping rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and Fubseriptlons
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has' been established at IW6 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisement* and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ke.n-
tuckyrts. : open until 9p. m. •
FRANKLIN. 603— Sunny front room; breakfast
and dinner; bath, gas; private family; $16 mo.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde & Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated;- elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market st..— Suite of 2 or 3
?. rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
VAN NESS, 944 (The 'Wallace)— Rooms and
board; .reasonable; modern conveniences.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Oall.
16 rapes. In wrapper, for mailing. 31 per year.
MAN and wife want room and board; 6 blocks
from corner of Webster and Sacramento sts.
Box 44C6. Call office. ' ¦ .
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." In letter by return mall: at drug-
Blats. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St., rooms »-10: tel. 6820.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 tip;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 819 Third.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pares. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
uati — Fbou Fxbbcabt 23, 1900. — Aaarra
FOR sals — At rre.it sacrifice if sold at once;
southeast corner Benton et. and Alameda aye.,
Morton station: lot 75x150, with 9-room cot-
tage. See BEW DRUG CO. at once.
DOUBLE parlors, dining room, bedroom, fine
basement, grounds and fruit trees; summer
house: close to station: reasonable to right
party; references exchanged. 2101 Central
a\-e.. Alameda. - ' - -- '• • - ¦
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
$£0 CAEH. X monthly; chicken run of 60x256 ft.;
unfinished new cottage, ! rooms; chicken
yard; all fenced; price all told 1375; more land
can t« had cheap; soil, climate and water ex-
cellent, away from cold winds and fogs: grand
view; near a $0-foot-wlde boulevard and elec-
trlo car line; not far from a fine 3-story
Echoolhouse; Is building up fact; 4 houses al-
ready gone up on the place; Westall Tract,
adjoining East Oakland; call or send for cir-
cular. 455 Seventh m*... nr. Broadway, Oakland.
HENRY Z. JONES, Owner.
Leave - . Arrtv*
Ban Ftanclsoo. * In Effect San Francisco.
October 13, -
Week Bun- ! U9». Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 1:00 tm Novato. 19:40 ami S:4O am
1:20 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 4:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:25 pmj 8:22 pm>
Fulton.
7:90 am j . Windsor, 15:25 am
Healdsburg. . :
Lytton,
GeyservlUa,
1:10 pm i.OOam Cloverdale. T:J3 pm 8:23 pra
T:3oam! IHopland and) ' i |
|l:0Oam| Uklah, | 7:35 pm| 8:22 pm
- 7:30 am 10:25 act
1.-OOam Cnernevlllfc. TrftS pm
S:3O pm 8:12 pm
7:toam t:ooam Sonoma 1:15 am 3:40 am
and
1:19 pm 5:00 pm Olen Ellen. 8:08 pm 8:23 pa
T:»am| t:ooam| Bebastopol. 110:40 am|lo:2s ant
8:30 pmj S:9O pm| | 7:» pm| 8:28 pn>
$4530 WILL buy new modern house, 12 rooms;
fine Improvements: large stable. IE2O Eighth
aye., Oakland; keys next door south.
CORNER, store; 4 living rooms and stable; lot
8?xlOO. Inquire 381 Haight St.. S. P. '
•7:oe* B«-nld«s Sulsuu, Elmlra, Vscarille,
Euinaey ami bacraraento. *7i49>>
•7:OOiSha»t* Eiprem— Darls, Willows.
Re I Bluff, Portland.. T*4Sr
•7:3e a MartlDeK, »an Ilaruon, Vallejo. Nape,
Calistoga and ßinta C0m.... "•tlttr
•a:3OA Tho Overland Limited— Ogden, Den-
Ter, Omaha, Chicago HlilSr
•aiaex San Juae, Littrmore, Stockton,
.lone, Baeranicuto. Flacerrtlla,
MiuysTille. Chioo. ]te.1H1n1t....... Milflr
'•8:30* 'Milton, Oakdale, hocora. Carters... Milßr
•»:<IOa Haywan'is, Nil. »and Way Station*. •11:43*
•9:<m»aDatH Woodland. Knights Landing, ¦
Mai-yifille, OroTlil*. *7:43r
•Di*Oa Atlantis Kxpress— Ogden and East •»»43a
•OiOOa Martinez, Tracy, LatUrop, Stockton.
Merqfil and Fresno «1»«1Bf
*IIi»»a JPortCosti, Irrano. Mo]»a ami T*s
Aiieel'-* *•*•»»
•IO:O«a Vttllcjii. Martinez anil Way Stations **U43r
•H:0OA Nil?*, I.irtrrmore, Sto«!tton, Sacra-
mento, MenUota, tlanforil. VUalia>
-PcrterTllle ". MsllJ*
• I 8:»0m Hftj-wardu, Ntlt-s and W»y Stations. •«*•»*
tl:6«pHa.CT*rarnto i:irfrSt««niCTS.... t«««*»
•3:OOr Htywarda, Nilesactl Way Buttons. •O':4Bp
*4t«Ui- Marliuex, Kirn JUinOii, Vallejo,
Naj.a, i;«ll«l.ii», S>ut»Rcu...... *VilSa
•4i«Or Benlcla, Vncutllle, ' Hactamenlo, - ¦
Wn.ii timid, X n Wits I*ntlin»,
Mftry»»il!o, OrotUls ; »I»:4Ba
•4:3OpNIIes. Sau Jns«abrt Stockton 11 *»tl3»
•3i<H>pTbe Owl LUclted— Tracy, . Fresno. .
1» ikcrsß-1.1. Hanena for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Aneeles. # let4*a
a3:««r Knr «rt Limited— El Puo, New Or-
- KrtcsacdEMt. cl«»*9a
•3s3or Stockton, Mciccil. Fre5n0..,.. ...... •I«ll3»
•."i::n»r Krasuu, UakerelieM, Santa nurltara,
l.»i Angeles, ]>cmlif. El Paso,
New Orleans and ESst ••*43*
•SiSOr Sftiit.i Tn Itoute— Atlantla-Eipress
fur Mojaio am\ K«t ••M*
•0:OOp llayw*r«l.i, NlleaftiHlßan Jose *7i43a
)O:.lHr V.iil«j.. MailO*
•O:a<»r Oriental Mill— Ofdsn, Cheyenne,'
Onsha, Chicago •»i4»a
. *«:B«p Oriental Mali— Ogden, Der.Tir,
Omaha, Chlcsco. *4tUr
J7:OOr Vallr Jo, Port t.'osti end Way fita-
. UonV. I t»«M»
•fli«3r Orrgon and Cllifirnia Kiitrrm.Nao-
" " ntiiifiitu. Maijitillc. ltfl.llngr,
Porilun.!. r»g"t Himn.l ami Kast • **tI3A
SUNNT rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
ing: U up. Hotel Shasta. 1226 Broadway.
•!»:!»* Newmrk.OiitiT»hle,h»ii.Jo«*..Fclton, • ; .- .
UonldrrCrrek.RautaCrusandWay
- fttatioM..-..- ;..... ...i.. ... .•»•»•»
t«s«sr Newark, CentcrTlUe, Ban Jose, Now ¦
Almaden. Fultqn, Rouider Creek,
. . . Santa Crus and VrlDcipal Way
Bt«tio:ia ! ,%.fl«*M«
•1 : 1 3 r Newark. Han Jose, Los Gatoa •• :30 *
M l:l,tp Hiin'ors" Eicurrijn, San Joes and
WayStatloca... .-...-. J7***r
Stages connect at Panta Roea for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs j at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Oeyservlll* for Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geyser*; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad 6pricgs, Soda Bay, Lake-
rort and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
prings, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Delt'Laice, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's Rlverslda. LieTley"s.
Buckneirs. Sannedrtn Heights. HullvlUe. Orfs
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Wlllltts. : Laytonvina, Cum-
mlnc's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • .
On Sunday round-trip tickets te all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 8S» Market st.. Chrontrle hUr.
H. C. WHITING. - R, X. RYAN. )••
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. ¦
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 13 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paaubau. Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St.. on and
after Saturday. March 10, IJOO. Transfer
books will close on Saturday. March 3,
I*oo. at 12 o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Beo.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
•tomS.v:; FlUaOSCO— root «r U»rktt Street <Slia 8) —
•7:16 9:00- 11:0Oa.M. JItO? ?2M S3:00
•4:03 -. JG:OJ. •C:03r.M...; _. ? .._ : .
'rom OilURB— r««l «f Braadwiy.— *C:M \ 8:00 10:00 i.»!.
112.00 "l:0a 13:00 *3:Ca tt:o3 ¦ ?8:00r.ll.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. ¦ 15. of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal ctock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company. 430 Cali-
fornia St.. Ean Francleco. on March 10, IWO.
Transfer books close March 3. 1900, at noon.
A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
ttfilOA Ocean. Vieir, South ttan Francisco.. fe)*S#r
•7:OO* Han .!..»« nml \V»y KUtinns (New
' Alnia.leii \Vir(ln<-.-,dayioulj) *IIMV
•»<eo» H«u .liwo, Ties Pluoa, Hiinta Cnis, '.-.
raclllo Urots. I'iiso Unities, San
¦ I, Ml* Oliiapn, Hnrf, Lompoc and
Viiticliml \V»y .5tnt1nn5. ......... *«ll*r
•lOiIOa San.Jcweim.l Wny .Stations *a:BSa
•Uili'iA Sau Ji>3o ami Wny Htatioiis. *BtS4r
f-it-ISrSati M»tr<», Uvdwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Haii.Tnae, ' .
Tres Plnoi, ttmit* Cruz. Salinas, ¦
Monterey ami I'jtciflc Grovs....:. fl*)>MA
f&taor San Jose and AVsy SUMons *T:3Or
t •:«•"» c San Jose ami Principal Way Statfous *9:-<Sa
t . ¦»:<»« p San .loso aod Prlncl pat Wsy S tatloo* t O-.oe*
•st3UpBui.l<*e K n.tPrinol|>«l tt'»y Stations *S:3Sa
•«::'.(> r San Jose an.l W.y Stall*).... {SiOOa
Hl;43p San Josaaml W»y 5tati0n5......... n:»«»
A for Morning. --.- ¦ ¦ , .. - I' for Afternoon.
• Daily.- - < f Suii'lay exc«t>ta<l. • ' J Sunday only.
. . _. ¦• 6 Saturday on!y. ?. - -
a Tuesdays snd Fridays . c Thnndajs and Buudase.
MAHRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Abe JJlumberc, 27, Oakland, and Sarah
Brsckman, 23, £33 Xatoma street.
David E. Van Horn, 27, city, - and Mary E.
Thurlow. 19. city. .
Christopher O. Schmitz. 27. city, and Rena
Williams, 20. city. *
William R. Ellis, 27, East Oakland, and Ade-
llna Lewis, 27, city.
Philip K. Brown, 30, IZI2 Sutter street, and
Helen A. Hillyer, 28.. 3440 Clay street.
Siegfried J. F. Kahre. 28. 1149 Guerrero street,
and Mary E. McGill, 21, 1613Uroderlck street. ..
Fr*d Laurence. 23, R«»dwood City, and Anna
R. McDevitt. 26, Redwood City.
Prudencio J. Millet. 32, 427 Sutter street, and
Christina M. Kahnke, 20. 118 Clipper stieet.
Charles F. Dorrlen,' 22, 989 Howard street,
and Ssrah Franklin, 22, S9S Howard Btreet.
Peter H. Petcrron, 32. 160 Van Nees avenue,
an* Mary Schlomann. 31. 208 Geary . street. ;-
Theodore Kaur, 46. 42 Grove street, and Helena
Sei»*. 48, itn. Guerrero street.
' Thomas K. Mullin. 31. San Jose,, and C. Ada
Hauee. 28. San Jose. . • ..
Axel W. Strldde, 33, Santa Rosa, and. Clar-
issa J. Wauph, 20, city. . . ..:
Harley P. Caee. 23, Oakland, and Birdie M.
Runyan, 23. city.
Edwin E. Pitts, 81. Sherman. Texas, and
Freda Glirkman. 21. 14S Hawthorne street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS .
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will net be Inserted.- They must be handed
In at cither 6f the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
STELTZNER-In this city. March 2. 1900. to
the wife of. Dr. Ernil Steltiner. a son.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
V Via" Sawsallto Ferry.
Commencing October t, U39.
FROM SAN* FRANCISCO TO MILL VALXJCY
AND • BAN ' RAFAEI* .
WEEK DAYS-» 7:00. •f:so. U:M a. m.; IM.
•J:4O. 5:15. 8:00. «:30 ».&. - i..^ ,
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at »:00 and 11:30 P. m. • -- ¦
SUNDAYS— •B:OO,. 16:08, <ni:2o-a. m.; "loa,
»:15. »4:45 8:10. 9:00 d. m. < .
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO<SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *S:B3. 7:45.-«9:40 a. m.;.
13:80. 2:15, *8-.40, *5:15 p. m.
* EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and'
Saturdays at 8:40 and 10:13 p. m. . '
SUNDAYS-«: 20. •8:00. nO:CO. ni:4s a. m.;
n:4O. »3:15. 4:46, «*:3O o. m. r -.
¦ Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln. \
FROM MIII VALLEY -TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-* :45. 6:45. 7:85, .'1:4S a. m.;
1I:S5, I:3S. 8:48, 5:» p. «.-*!»*«* Qe.'lPii'l.l Jn<U< i
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays,- Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7tOo and 10:t0 p.m. • • - ¦--¦..
SUNDAYS— B:O6, 10:03 a. m.; 12:05, 1:15, 1:30.
1:00. «:4S p. m. ' - ' ¦ ' '•¦.¦-
THROUGH TRAINS. •
7:00 a. m. week days— Caiadero and way stations.
S:4O p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way stations.
t :00 a.' m. Sundays — Tomales and • way ' stations. '
MOUNT TAMALP^IS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Ban ' Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week Days;.. .....9:30 a. -m. and 1:45 p. m.
5unday5... .:.:... 8:00. 10:0O"a," m. and 1:43 p." m.
- * Steam-heated, closed car on all trains, e&r,
'Fare— San. Francisco to, Summit and Return.
|i «0.;,-- • . - ' -:.-. _'¦ '-¦¦:-¦ • --¦ ¦ :,-,—. ¦ :¦:.
above.
11WOMEN and Women Omv, especially mothers, are most competent tc
appreciate the purity, sweetness, and delicacy of Outiccra. Soap and
to discover new uses for it dally. Iv remarkable rmollient,- cleaning,
and purifying properties, derived from Cdticcra, the great skin cure and
purest of emollients, warrant its use in preserving, purifying, and beautifying
the Bkin, scalp, hands, and hair, and in the form of baths and solutions for
annoying irritations, itchings, inflammations, and chafings, too free or offen-
sive perspiration, and also in the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses,
as well as many sanative, antiseptic purposes, which will readily suggest
themselves. All that hns been said of Ccticura Soap may also be eaid of
CenCDRA Ointment which ehould be used after tho Soap, in the severer
cases, to hasten the cure.
Complete External A. Internal Treatment for Every Humor, 51.25.
consisting of CCTICCKA Soap (23c). to cleanse the ekln of crusu and scales and soften the
thickened cuticle, CCTICCUX OnrTMEifT (50c.), to lnitantir allay Itching, inflammation, and
Irritation, and eootbe and heal, and Ccticcka Resolvekt ifiOc.), to cool and cleanse the
blood. A SaaiX Brr Is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, disflicurint;, and hnmU-
iattn& stio, scalp, snd blood humors, with lou cl hair, when all «ue fall*. FotT/.k Doc a
*» Chek. OMur, 8«le Proper, Borton
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
<Old number H Stockton st>
TELEPHONE MAIN 5523.
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
"Kejth's." The fine array of walking
hats alone will pay you for a call at
Keith's opening next Friday and Sat-
urday. 808 Market street. . " •
RELIGIOUS LORE
THE TRUE BASIS
OF EDUCATION
Father Yorke Said Intel
lectual Training Alone
Does Not Suffice.
Crime in United States Steadily In
creasing Notwithstanding Very
Small Percentage ' of
Illiteracy.
Rev. Peter C. Yorke's theme at St.
Mary's Cathedral last evening was "Edu
cation." The keynote of the discourse
was his statement that the highest pro
duct of education is the true Christian
character that is able to withstand temp
tations. The mere teaching of reading,
writing and aritmetic was not sufficient to
establish morality. In fact, while the per
centage of illiteracy ln the United States
was infmiteslmally small, crime was on
the Increase. Statistics derived from San
Quentin and other penitentiaries Indicate
that the majority of criminals were edu
cated; that they at least could read and
write. It had once been said that when
the people were intelligent they would re
frain from crime. Vast sums had been
expended on the public school system;
vast tracta of land had been given; the
generous hands of the living and the es
tates of the dead were constantly enrich
ing educational institutions. Had the trial
of making men moral by the public
schools bten a success? His answer waa
in the negative. . *
Living right would be easy If there was
only one way to put pictures before tho
soul; if only the Intellect was the agen
cy. .Unfortunately the senses also zug
gested. No man did anything unless he
thought that he saw good in It.
Theft was committed because men
thought they would profit thereby. Man
should be led from admiring the iower
good to admire the higher good. Men sur
rendered some of their liberty to society
A man might like llmburger cheese and
onions, but society compelled him to sur
render his liberty in that direction. Men
were always trying to get around laws,
not necessarily for the profit, but. to re
gain some of their natural liberty.
If education meant anything, it meant
that a child should be brought up with
a' good strong character. The remedy for
crime would be found ln the proper re
ligious education of the child. A man
might steal a loaf of bread and go to San
Quentin; but. If he stole a railroad, era
bank or several millions of dollars, he
PATHETIC SCENE IN
THE CITY PRISON
Mrs. Nellie^Sanders, After Five Years'
Separation' From Her Son, Finds
Him in a Felon's Cell.
PATHETIC scene occurred In the City Prison yesterday, afternoon when
/L\ «¦ mother embraced her son for the flrsUtlme In five years and to her
It 1\ sorrow found that he was 1 charged with the crime of burglary^ The boy
is Frank Hazard, 17 years of age. He was arrested Tuesday afternoon,
together with William Ballard and James Curran, and -charged ,wlth break
ing into the toolhouse of John Kelso, - contractor, Sixteenth and Harrison
streets. •' •-.- ''.'.. ''.;¦-.'¦¦. .•:/-¦ ...
Mrs. Nellie Sanders, 319 Folsom street, saw an account of the arrest in the
newspapers and it struck her that the Hazard boy might be her son. She was
divorced from her husband, James Hazard,, five years ago and has since mar :
rled again. The father got the custody of the boy, on his promise that he
would educate him and care for him properly, and] the mother had lost all
trace of him. Accompanied by her mother; Mrs.' Dehmah; she went to Judge
Mogan's court yesterday and at once recognized her'son ln the dock. She al
most fainted and had to be led out of court. . .
In the afternoon Mrs. Sanders called at the prison with. her motherland
when the boy was brought from his cell she threw her arms around his neck
and wept bitterly. He did not know her and received ;her embraces • with a
cool Indifference that almost broke her heart. He told her after. she became
calmer that he had been living with his pther grandmother. Mrs. Jane Hazard,
at Twelfth and Howard streets, and soothed her bx telling her that he was In
nocent of the crime charged against him. He said he had been asked by the other
two boys to go with ' them, but he : dld not; know what -they, intended doing-.
Mrs. Saunders declared that she .would stick to him till he got out of bis trouble
and then she would take him home with her and look after him ln the future).
The case will come up again this morning.
Our work and methods made many firms rich.
Our printing wins. Mysell-Rollins, 22 Clay. •
0 ? f¦» <»-*-<» -?- *»-»-?-»-?-?-» ? 0
let up talking in a slurring fashion about
me, that if he didn't I woqld knock the
liver and lights out of him. Greenway
would not come from behind the table he
was sitting at," went on the stalwart
youth, "or else I might have forgotten
now strong I am and how feeble he is.
He didn't say a word in answer to me,
and that is really all there Is to the
story."
Mizner explained his side of the salivary
battle with a minute regard for detail.
He traced the "feeling" that led to the
flnal meeting away back three months
ago. when he met the social leader face
to face ln the dining-room of a Los An
geles hotel.
"I was drinking wine of the Widow
Clicquot," he said, "and Greenway was
drinking wine — the kind he sells. That
my bottle did not have a Mumm label set
him off, and then and there I believe he
vowed to be revenged upon me."
According to the tale. Greenway's re
venge was of a sort that broke out In
termittently in sneering remarks such as
would wound the feelings of any wine
drinking gentleman. Finally Miiner came
to the conclusion that a man with a long
line of Irish ancestors could not endure
such calumny, and he decided he would
so Inform the leader at their very next
meeting.
"The night I met him." Mizner said. "T
considerately waited until all the ladles
had left the cafe. He had his friends
with him. I was alone. I .went up to his
TOLD HER HE
HAD TAKEN A
SECOND WIFE
Mrs. Hobbose Says Fair In
formed Her of His
Marriage.
Did Not Tell Her the Name of the
Bride, but Said She Was Prin
. cipal of a Mission
School. •
» ¦ .
' The Craven-Fair attorneys sprung a big
surprise yesterday morning by introduc
ing an entirely new and unexpected wit
ness, whose testimony, if not impeached,
will materially strengthen the case of the
alleged widow of the dead millionaire.
The. new •¦witness is a woman plain of
feature and small of stature, and the im
portance of her testimony lies not so
much ln what she said as in the manner
of .saying it, her apparent sincerity and
simple straightforwardness.
• The name of the new witness Is Mrs.
Julia Hobbose and she resides on the
other side of the bay, in the little town
of San Pablo. Five, minutes after she
took the' stand to tell what she knew
about the alleged marriage of the late
Senator to the school teacher, the lan
guid indifference of the attorneys for the
opposition . bepame suddenly >, transformed
into the most intense interest, while the
crowd of spectators in the courtroom
braced up and, smacking their lips in an
ticipation, craned their necks to catch all
that was said. .
Mrs. Hobbose said she first met Senator
Fair in 1892. when she was living at 217
Seventeenth street.
"How did Fair happen to call upon
you?", asked Attorney Charles Pence.
Asked Fair for Aid:
"My husband . died in 1592," said Mrs.
Hobbose, "from injuries received in the
employment of Senator Fair. In my
struggle to support my children I became
very poor and was forced to seek outside
aid. I wrote .to Senator Fair, inclosing a
photograph of my children, and asking
him for assistance. He came to the house
in answer to my letter and questioned me
about my condition. I. told him how poor
I was and of the Illness of my oldest son.
He gave me $35, which I was to use In
sending my son Into the country." i
"Can you fix the date of the Senator's
visit?"
"Not exactly, but It was about May 20,
1892. I have a letter from my son. dated
May 20, 1892, and it was about that time
that Fair called upon me. I left the house
on Seventeenth street on June 10."
At 'the time of Senator Fair's second
visit he asked her how much money she
had received since her husband's death,
and she toid him she had received from
his lawyers the sum of $350. After talk-
Ing about the children the conversation
drifted to the subject of marriage.
"Senator Fair asked me why I did not
marry again. I replied that I did not be
lieve in second marriages, and that if x
did desire to marry I could not get a
husband of means. To my statement
Fair replied that I was mistaken about
the value of second marriages. *I have
Just married a second time,' he said, 'and
I have obtained a good woman. She is
neither young nor handsome, but she is
kind and charitable. She has more char
ity In her than have all the churches In
San Francisco." . , .
"Did he mention the name of his second
wife?" r ' ¦'• ¦
"No, but he said she was principal of a
school in the Mission. •She Works as hard
as you do,' said he. 'but In a different
way. She has been a teacher for years.' '
This ended the direct examination and
the witness was handed over to the tender
mercies of Attorney Pierson, representing
"Did you ever visit Senator Fair In re
gard to your husband's death?"
"No, I never saw him until he cam© to
"""Do you know" the date of his visit?"
"It was about June 10, 1592."
"How do you fix the date?"
"By a letter which I received from my
son I had sent him to La Honda. San
Mateo County, for his health, and this
was the first letter I received from him.'
"Where is that letter now?"
"T. D. Riordan. my cousin, has it."
Biordan Is Disinterested.
"Is Mr. Riordan employed by Mrs.
Cr&vcri ?* ' ¦ . . * * *
Pence took occasion to. interrupt Pier
son's examination to say that Riordan is
not employed Ln Mrs. Craven's cause.
"Riordan is just a friend," he said, "and
nothing more. He has all Mrs. Hobbose's
correspondence and will produce itwhen
n£c c s ti r\ r
It was then agreed that Riordan should
produce any papers bearing upon the case
at 2 o'clock. In return for this courtesy
Pierson consented to have Fair's effects
examined. In the hope of discovering the
photograph and letters sent by Mrs. Hob
bose to Fair.
A recess was taken at this point until 2
p. m., but at that hour Attorney Pierson
had not- arrived. At 3 p. m. Attorney
Crothers informed the. court that Mr.
Catarrh, Deafness,
$*jf_ >.IHBlliitllP J^^
WSLm^^^rKTAt)D» and
vljllf^r^''-- ¦¦ \vj « W * | WII. I MNPC
* 11 — ¦ j iw^t t LUnOw
* • • Diseases Positively Cured'by
DR. COtTINGHAM'S «^oo.
204 Slitter St., NW. Cor. Kearny.
') Hoars— s to 12 a. m : 1 to S and 7 to! p. m.
PPFF An honest trial or one week, g-lven
riti^Litto show the superior merit of the
new treatment. ' 2000 test : cases— 96 per cent
cured. Call at one* or write.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
SAYS PRIOR BETRAYED HER.
Mary Lopes Sues | a . Well-Known
Young Man for Damages.
Mary Lopez, a young iwoman who con
fesses to 16 years, ¦ filed • suit yesterday
against Tony Prior, the son of a reputed
millionaire, to recover $20,000 damages for
seduction. It is alleged that Prior, by
force, betrayed the plaintiff and that' he
is the father of her child, which was born
December 31 last. A. B. Treadwell, who
represents the plaintiff, says that young
Prior went to a ranch In Napa County
for his father,to collect the rent due from
the girl's parents, and that he. assaulted
the girl at that time. She Is now living
with friends at 639 Vallejo street, having
left her home when her child was born.
. Little Sisters' Infant Shelter.
The annual meeting of the Little Sisters'
Infant Shelter will be held at 10:30 a. m.
to-day at 512 Minna street.
For more than fifty years the famous Jesse
Moore whiskey has been the standard brand.
Dr. Parker's Couich Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never fails. Try It. All druggists. *
Our plan of offering: "SPEO-
IAXS" is a little different from
most people. We do not offer
cheap things because they are
cheap, but because we find that
we have some good things that
may be sold at the same prices
as the cheap things. Our cus-
tomers reap the benefit.
EGGS, fresh ranch, dozen 15c
SALMON BELLIES, each. sc and 10c
Of the new catch: very cbolca.
Regularly 10c and ISo.
CODFISH, lb. r ............|00
Choice Eastern bonaleta. -
Regularly 15c
WHISKEY, bot 75c, 3 bots. .$2.00
Gallon $aOO
'K. C Berry aprta* *90i
Straight goods.
Regular $1 and $4.
PORT and SHERRY, bot 25c
Gallon $1.00
Bare old California wines.
Regularly 40c and $1 SO.
CANDLE FISH, dozen. 5c
A select smoked delicacy.
' Regularly 10c.
TOMATO CATSUP, pint bot... 15c
Ideal brand— best and rurest.
Regularly We __
. COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED, t
CATALOGUE FREE.
MARINE ENGINEER
BAIL'S HARD LUCK
Claims He Was Robbed by His Wife
and Afterward Arrested
for Assault. .
i Emll F. Ball, first assistant engineer of
the steamer Alcazar, Is in a peck of
trouble. Ball, who Is a cripple, has been
separated from his wife for several years,
but Mrs. Bail has not yet got over the
habit of collecting her husband's wages,
and he says she is invariably on hand on
pay day to relieve him of a portion of his
earnings. - '-• ' .- ¦
Yesterday, however, Ball secured his
month's wages before his wife hove in
sight. His joy was short lived, however.
Mrs. Bail overhauled him on Main-street
wharf and proceeded, to collect. She waa
accompanied by her mother and a male
friend, and while the latter held her hus
band, so he claims, she went through his
pockets, taking every cent she could find.
Yesterday afternoon ¦ Ball went to the
house of his brother-in-law, Frank
Donnelly, at 47S Tehama street, and
demanded his wife. Donnelly denied that
she was there and there was a mix-up.
Bail pulled a revolver and threatened to
kill Donnelly.' He was - flourishing the
weapon when Policeman Rlordan ap
peared and arrested him for assault with
a deadly weapon. Bail had a lacerated
wound in his scalp, which was dressed at
the Receiving Hospital
Pierson had not finished his search for the
letters and requested more time. There
was no objection and the case went over
until 10:30 o'clock to-day.
GRAND JURY INVESTIGATION.
Mrs. CTaven-Fair and Louis Pun and
Give Their Testimony.
Mrs. Craven-Fair was the star witness
in the' Grand Jury investigation last night.
She arrived on the scene In company with
Mrs. Cossack at about "S o'clock, and was
closeted with the inquisitors for exactly
two hours and ten minutes. She repeated
the story which she told In court, and
throughout a rigid questioning: Btuck to
the main facts that have already been
published. " •
Louis Dunand. accompanied by a bo<ly
guard .waited in the corridor impatiently
while Mrs. Craven-Fair was testifying
and he was admonished by Attorney Lafe
Pence to answer all questions regarding
the Sausallto episode truthfully and with
out reserve, but that under no circum
stance was he to divulge the name of any
new witnesses or testimony which he
might have found In his recent investiga
tions.
Dunand was also before the Grand Jury
for nearly two hours and will be recalled,
as he had not finished his testimony when
adjournment was taken.
The investigation will be resumed Fri
day afternoon at 3 o'clock.
BOY PREACHER IS
MAKING CONVERTS
Howard -Street Methodist Episcopal
Church Filled by the Devout
and Curious.
Devout Christians and the curious again
filk-d the Howard-street Methodist Epis
copal Church last evening to listen to the
words of the Gospel as Interpreted by the
boy preacher. Jack Cooke. After exhort
ing his> hearers to closely follow his ser
mon Master Cooke held the attention of
the congregation for some time with a
general discussion of Christianity and its
many sects and . creeds. He then an
nounced that he was ready to answer pll
Questions that might be asked. In answer
to a question he said there was no doubt
but that there was punishment for the
evils of this world in the life to come.
If fire in fact did not await the sinners
fire of m-ind did await them, he said, for
each misdeed in this world must be paid
for in the hereafter.
After passing over various theories of
the future life and the meaning of various
verses in' the Scriptures the boy preacher
caused some discussion by saying that if
Go.d murder It is no murder, for there is
no pne to judge God or his acts.
•In answer to the question as to whether
he had received the Holy Ghost before or
a-fter. he had been converted he said that
he had never been converted as the spirit
of God wae in him before he was old
enough to sin. Rev. Mr. Cooke, the lad's
father, addressed the congregation and
told how his conversion had been wrought
by his son. who. he said, pointed out to
him that no contradictions existed In the
Bible, and that It was the spoken word
of God and must be obeyed. The father
paid that he read under the guidance of
his eon and between the lines of Scripture
WITNESSES DID NOT
SEE ADAMS SHOOT
Testimony at the Preliminary Exam
ination of Kepner's Slayer
Jlot Startling.
The preliminary examination of Gilbert
Adams on the charge of murdering E. S.
Kepner. a barber, at 44 O'Farrell street,
on February 18, was continued before
Judge Conlan. yesterday.
An enlarged photograph of the interior
of the shop, taken by George Kelly, the
police photographer, was produced and led
the Judge to compliment Chief Sullivan
on the introduction of such a system,
which would prove of material advantage
to all concerned.
Mrs. H. M. Kepner. wife of the mur
dered man, testified that the defendant
was in the habit of keeping a revolver In
his rooms. On the day of the murder *he
saw him come home and leave again in a
hurry.
John Patterson, bootblack In the barber
shop, testified to hearing Kepner and
Adams quarreling. Adams called Kepnor
a liar and Kepner advanced toward him.
When they clinched witness left the shrp.
He did not see the shooting.
Daniel Brooks, a commission broker,
testified to seeing the two men scuffling
in the shop. Adams had a revolver in hiq
hand and witness tried to take Itjfrom him
but failed. He turned to leave the shop
and heard a shot. The case will be re
sumed this afternoon.
would be respected ; there were few offices
to which he might not aspire. He might
even get up and talk about honesty and
the rights of property. It often happened
that those who had stolen the
most were the most conservative con
cerning the rights of property. Intel
lect would not alone restrain men. In con
clusion. Father Yorke pleaded strongly
for the teaching and practice of religion
for the proper education of the younp.
he paw the hand of God and knew of the
world to come and the Joy that awaits
the righteous in the hereafter.
Rev. Dr. Wilson and Dr. Case also de
livered short sermons, after which several
of the audience announced that the words
of the ministers and the boy preacher
had made plain to them the evils of their
lives' and they asked a blessing as they
kneeled at the altar and prayed for for
giveness.
MIZNER IS SORRY FOR
"POOR OLD GREENWAY"
SOCIETY waited all yesterday with
bated breath for the report of the
gun or the clank of the sword that
would make Greenway a- self
avenger and "Addle" Mizner a handsome
corpse. But there were no fearful sounds
to disturb the Lenten quiet. Greenway
went around explaining to his friends,
"Why, lon't you know there Is absolutely
no truth in the report thar Mizner vented
his spite In my beer. We're the best of
friends, don't you know."
And Mizner — well, he Just smiled a su
perior smile and gave out the Information
that he was a "gentleman."
"Two negatives make, an affirmative."
Therefore, In spite of the Greenway and
Mizner "noes," the fact must remain that
Greenway's malt beverage was diluted by
the Mizner saliva.
According to Mizner, It has been a long
standing, feud that finally resulted in the
wet and bloodless encounter. :It Is a sad
story, for it owes its. origin to a wine
bottle and ends ignomlnlously'in a beer
glass.
"I'm first of all a gentleman," said Ad
die Mizner, "so I must really deny that
I spat in Greenway's beer. We Just met
at a downtown cafe and I went ' over to
Greenway and told him that he had better
He Tells the Story of the Wet Battle, Which Owed
Its Origin to a Wine Bottle, but Ended in a
Humble Glass of Diluted Beer.
table and asked him to step aside for a
moment with me. 'Why. what is the use.
Addle.' he said, with a great show of hyp.
ocritical cordiality. ¦ 'Sit down rigV
here.' " \ ¦•'¦¦¦
But Addle did not sit down. He called
to the leader and said: "You have been
passing slurring remarks about me and
if you don't stop I'll knock the liver and
lights out of you. I'll do it right now, too,
of you only give me a chance and come
out from behind that table."
But no Greenway came to meet_ the
Mizner fist, and so instead of any blood
being spilt, a mouthful of saliva spoileit
a good glass of beer. „ M .
After reading the cold bare facts of the
battle yesterday, Mizner was in a repen
tent mood.
"Poor old Greenway." he said. Im
really sorry for him. He is 'dotty' and I
would not be surprised to hear In a week
or so that he was working in a nut fac
tory. Come to think of It." he muaed,
"I don't believe I really would have
smashed him. But this holds good if he
talks of.'me again— l'll spank him."
While Mizner was pitying the "ex
leader," Greenway was positively declar
ing that he knew -nothing whatsoever
about an encounter Saturday or any other
time between Mizner and himself.
"We are good friends," he said. "There
Is no 111-feeling between us, and this talk
about a 'spat' is all bosh."
Hales.
; Bale's.
MERCHANTS ASK
FOR CHANGES IN
PAVING ORDERS
Present Specifications for
Street Work Too
Narrow.
Valuable Suggestions Are Made as to
Several Kinds of Material That
May Be Used to Great
Advantage.
The Merchants* Association has sent to
the Board of Public Works an Interesting
communication, sugrgestine the advisabil
ity of revising the present specifications
so that streets paved with material that
has been tested and proven a success in
ether cities may be accepted.
Some time ago the association's superin
tendent. L. M. Kins, went on a tour of
observation through the Eastern cities.
¦with the view of obtaining all possible
data en the cubjeot. It was on* the
strength of Mr. King's investigation that
the foliowlr.g irleas and suggestions .have
been given to the Board of. Public Works*
FlrM— That there are In use. In Eastern
rlt!e« several pavement* not In use in ban
Francisco and that these pavement* have been
thoroughly tested oiid provrn satisfactory-
Second— That In cities where these pa\ - ements
are used the pavements in general are :nuch
superior to the pavements In San Francisco
at present.
Thlrd-That on heavily traveled streets th?
•tone block pavements are now almost uni
versally laid on concrete foundations and tne
Joints grouted with asphaltlc compositions and
that on street* subjected to extra * h"?avy
traffic such pavements are generally used in
preference to all others.
Fourth— That In addition to the above pave
ment asphalt and vitrified brick are the pave
ments In moil ceneral use and that both of
these pavements have been lone used and
thoroughly tested and found satisfactory.
Fifth— That among all the pavements in übo
asphalt is the cne most generally used wnea
new pavements are laid, except on streets hav
ing too much grade or subjected to extra heavy
draying.
Sixth— That for business streets or other
streets subjected to much traffic and requiring
a smooth and noiseless pavement asphalt Is
much sui>erior to the bituminous rock pave
ments used in San Francisco.
Seventh— That for streets requiring a smooth
pavement, but not an entirely noiseless one.
and not subjected to heavy draylng, vrtrifi»d
brick on a concrete foundation Is one of the
most desirable pavements.
Eighth — While modern wooden block pave
ments are not in general use in the principal
Eastern cities Inspected, asphalt and vitrified
brick being preferred, our information Is that
«uch pavements when properly laid are being
«urce*i>fuUy used In Southern cities, an! it is
a well-known fact that they are largely used
in Paris. London and other Europ^ar. cities.
Fuch pavements are noiseless and nou-Eliniwry
and therefore desirable in some locations. They
require, however, great care In laying. W»
believe, however, that if citizens deiiro these
psvements they should be permitted to lay
th»-m. provided they are laid under guarantees
of not less than ten (10) years.
The association urges that in the prep
aration of new specifications that they
shall include asphalt, vitrified brick, small
basalt blocks and wooden blocks on con
crete foundations, and that all of these
pavements when laid en accepted streets
Fhall be guaranteed by the contractors for
ten years and Fuitable bonds be given for
security, adding: Ten-year guarantees are
now generally exacted in modern cities,
and it is the opinion of Eastern city offi
cials that a lon^ term guarantee is a more
certain way of scouring good pavement 3
than the most rigid inspection.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 1900.
BJ • >y >y — /-^^ tm&me> iffQl D
¦ last Thursday we placed the first of I
H the J. J. O'Brien ~5: Co. stock on sale. .1
g one week of selling: has brought many I
B changes, in many instances entire lines I
H of goods have been sold, others have I
H " taken their places, plenty of the good I
m things you can see — and buy — now. I
§ $1.50 kid gloves for $1.00. I
H when we say $1.50 gloves that is just 1
y what we mean, they are the famous 9
B . 4 *Eskay" and "Peerless" pique gloves. ||
H to-day we place on sale sizes 5b to 7in M
B colors of tan, mode, red, green, brown, I w
H black and white, not very many pairs Im&
B I left, if you really want a pair better B
J come this morning. fl
fl I we also have a few sizes and colors in 9
8 1 a ladies' $1.50 Mocha glove that <JJ f 9
fl Iwe will close out at..... <P**lJ\J <H
I veils 15c. I
B* not 15c veils, really worth 25c. just gi
U 400 of them, all-silk Tuxedo, mesh with 9
H a dotted chenille pattern, borders of nar- M
fl row purlins in white, black, white on black H
B and black on white — 18 inches wide, H B
j| yards long. fl
I ribbons — half price. fl
g a lot of No. 30 and 40 fancy striped I
fl and corded all-silk ribbons in the very I
B latest designs, regular price 30c ..^ Q
H I PPr? r y ai *d — now.. yard *o^ I
Hm. 933 ' 937 ' 939> 941 ' 943> 945> 94T Mapket Stl>eet - S B
raft - - — J m
IBSSSSSSm ¦ ¦ .... , #^|^«" '
Van 1 Ib.^^^T iooi
iDAAii J ~ J& ™*kblbT
J""" I**1 ** COR-SIXTH.
Buying
Eye-Glasses
If contemplating the purchase of Ey« Olasse*.
give us an opportunity to prov« our ability to
K\y you perfect service. Our new clip* ar«
morn comfort-giving than any other.. Never
¦lips, tilts or pinches (SO cants). - i
Oculists*, prescriptions flllwt Qblck repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Phon* Main 10. ;
OPTICIANS^^SCnPV^ apparatus
W*i V. WO 5. SCIENTIFIC *
642 Market ot^ iwtrumchts
'mull c'noniCil 3uul>"«'.
Fl i I Arr Located on Market
PA I] ALT stree *. »n close
P-^^y. proximity'to'busl-
A ISI I) ness section, places
?;All U - ' of amusement and
;"'^: 1 ' -'^1- depots: -1400 rooms,
111/ 4 Mil 90 ° wlth baths at-
: Ull All U tached. The largest
»¦.'::¦_;.....¦ . . - and finest hotels In
lir| f PP|Cthe world. Amert-
nil I rLj can » nd European
.-. "Jfr'plan. •.-:•;• -•:¦¦;. :;-r- '
I CASH OR LITTLB-AT-A-!nMB.
jP^Sil Piece Parlor
V -S/fr Suites.
In our newly received furni-
ture are many handsome parlor
• >uites in particularly beautiful
Resigns and decorative uphol-
And we pride ourselves
on the wonderfully low prices
:\ve are asking for them.' >
¦+—¦ . ¦ % -.. ¦"" »., i
- Send 5 cents : for postage / .
¦for new f urnitore catalog. ,. - "X r j
' -ivT " ¦' ' r-+ ¦¦'
THE J. NOON AN
'FURNITURE. COMPANY (Inc.),
iotr - toss i Mission arjtesr,
ABOVE SIXTH.
.: : : - ' . ¦.•-'.'; nUMSntkli. ¦
12