Sunday Call
REMEMBER THE ALAMO
¦ >^^^==i:^^^ ~ -, ¦ '.". ¦-.¦¦... .....; ¦¦-.'•->¦ - :
tJold
by
an
&ye
iOitness
Jhfovf
Santa
¦fiarbara.
t BMinni **•»«. Bh« Im or. 9 of the four. «r fir* p«neß» new aSr*
who vcr* ta th« ridnity of the Alamo at to* time of th* cits* »< th*
Texan* ther*. ¦ She was " born in ISIB, and j was almost twenty y**» oil
when th* Alain*. wa« beslVged, and .Is nearly elfhty-two yean of are
bow. ih* la a marvtlously brisk old lady, and her memory U slnsularly
•l«ar. ". • tTW'-^l"?-' . ¦¦¦ ' '•' •¦:¦¦.¦•¦• '-^"X, ; ;
fih* knew Dary . Crockett and. General JturWd* well, and wh« sh«
was th* brid* of a prosperous younr Mexican; Oeaeral Santa Anna -wu
a gmest at her horn* on several occasions. ? : >"¦:/
;-."I was married at Vera Crua 1h.1533» when I was seventeen years old."
¦aid Senora Rianez.the other day. lntellinsr of her memory of th* fright
ful scenes at the siege of the Alamo. . "In ISCS'my husband believed that
he could 'make more money for his growing family : by going north of th*
Rio Grande and engaging In the" cattle business.;" "We reached San Antonl9
In May, 1535, having traveled all the .way. from Vent Crux in a rickety
old ox team wagon. There were thousands -,of : squar* miles of fertll*
land lying *verywher* in Texas in those day% and It was all fre* t»
any o"n*~who wanted a farm'of iSTor 200 acres. For a year my hu»b»nl
traveled about Texas among tt9 Mexican rancherofc I stayed with my
two chllUren In- the j little : settlemei]*. of San Aatianl*. Tber* was rery
little there then outside of the charch and mission, but that wu b«tt**
than any other community in that region.' ¦¦ ' :'•_,: . . :-\ :
¦ "The war between the Americans'and" Mexican* was brooding through
out 1835; and we Mexicans who did not want trouble and preferred t»
contmuea oaraje >w»,
•— -v VSCSHSES. tie Afe***" ¦¦ '*" ' .;¦ ¦.;¦--,. ; :';
1) Wh*o ti»« **»?• mtl« (Ml ((tmsf •*on»e.ne*d *y <Hn*r»l
f*\ tea KMUtoa whJpp*4 th» M«xlc&* *rmy . «^*r. Bant*. Anna , at ,
A A faa Jactnt* their wi* err was 'TUmimbw fth* Alamo." Those
. ¦*¦ word* rallied tb* Texant t* rtetoir-wfc«r*d*feat;Seemed well-nigh
/certain. Th* hardy riflemen remembered," and- 'they.. ln •part re-
T*s»*d th* slaughter of their comrades lnth* ©Id ? *tdn* .building ,-whwi,.
V ceatury ***©r*. th» rtasd>«aa xaonka - chaot*4. tX* ieryicw U th»
Eeyeral Or^kt ¦with L»onlda» at Tlitnnopyla* winived to b» th* llr
trr nionuinenta o< heroltm «raenc th» youth of Sparta., but not a man
teaeiced ellv» In tb« battU of the Alamo. Of the 178 Texans who wlth-
Btbbd the army of Banta Anna for twelve daya^ not one escaped to be
fconbr?a and p*r.s!oaed and pointed out with reverent pride as a hero
who Toupht with Travis. Bowie and Crockett In/ the old Mission Church.
:.': ;;; ¦'¦'¦AmS.r.V'the'reßldepU of Santa Barbara, Coynt^. In' California, is Senora
X^ilaJie Rrarea— aa «I 4 EpaJnlah vtou . who .lift* oa partial Charity in
me
Death
of
the
Mar
tyred
7exans-that It Is \ I
cold there, and \ II oftti n;
that for eight \ II JjlJlLftT
months of tha \ -\\
year they ar« V \\ A r*^
pretty well frozen
up, even to the col- '^J^'^^ 1 " 1 ™" 1
leclion of Canadian •¦
royalties of 10 per
cent. - As a conse
quence of there being
such a long frozen.pe-..
riod very little could bo }.
done during the winter
months. Gold was thcro, ' '^^^^'
and men wanted it and : _^^
were going to have it. Ne- %' VT
cessity was there" and In- %Vk
vention soon followed. Mln- % )\
ing for the most part in and '•%
about Dawson is placer, but ,%
the conditions met with are %
vastly different from those »
fou{jd elsewhere. The pay gravel .^
along the banks of -the creeks is
covered with a moss or decaying:
vegetation some forty to sixty feet
in thickness; which is frozen solid
the year, round,- a compact mass.
The gravel varies in. thickness from
three to six f«et. The work of get
V Vt A«EN a ch'Td flr.ds a new toy
;\ A . .'.lvbic-h is covered with flne-tast
¦. A/ \y ins ijaint or. is possessed of pc»
,\}f cullar antics, he generally for
••.-'., ••;.;• gets tho:-e that have afforded
him. amusement- before-, and he puts them
aside -to enjoy his new-found possession,
I'.ttle thlnkir.p that at sjrae time, when
the paiiit is all gone- and the mechanism
broken, he will turn- back to them
again.; And so it is with the gold seekers
—the latest mining region to be opened
Js always the richest and the chances for
the poor, man .are always the greatest.
Old El Dorados are forgotten, only to be
taken up when the tinsel wears off the
new.
A few years' ago the Klondike was the
place, to go, for there was gold there— it
was. said— by the ton. It Khone in the bot-
Tom.of the cretks arid glistened on the
houghs of the trees, left there by high
water. There was a rush; men purchased
outfits and left thi-ir happy homes to re
turn again, they .said, followed by a three
ring circifF an<l a royal Dutch band.
. Then the Nome fields were made known
to the grasping world— X«me, with all her
beach-laden wealth; a place of golden
s-ands where they handled the goJd with
scoop shovels. The Klondike was. for
gotten—forgotten by those who desired to
obtain wealth by scoop-shovel methods.
but not by those who were real, practical,
scientific miners, who'- knew that a great
deal that did not glitter was gold. These
men have stayed by the Klondike, and by
perseverance and new methoas have
brought about wonders "so great that cli
mate and geological conditions— nature's
handicaps— have been overcome. J. E.
Doherty. the private secretary of Alexan
der McDonald, the mining king, has lately
returned from Dawson, and has much to
say regarding the conditions now present
in the Klondike and what the coming sea
son will bring forth. He is greatly inter
ested in the new process of thawing which
has been ir.aucurated and which enables
mining operations to be carried on the
year around. In ypeaking of things con
cerning the Yukon Mr. Doherty said:
The greatest drawback encountered
when the Klondike was opened up was
the difficulty of mining, arising from the
conditions above mentioned, and this,
added to the isolatlon'of the place, made
it hard indeed. Kvery one knows that the
weather in the Klondike is not Washing
ton's Birtheay weather in San Francisco
live In. peace, dreaded" the warlike Fpeeehcs and constant secret armings.
In January. ICB. lhe Amv-rkens :n Texas declared war against Old Mexico
for the .independence of Texas. Along :n February tne war began in
earnest, and every day- we heard of .shootings by the Americans and
Mexicans. 1 v.as too frightened during those weeks to have a clear idea
of the order of event*., 1 remember, however, that w<» who knew nothing
of any part of the world outside of Mexico believed the Texans?' cause
hopelers. Would not Santa Anna and his big army come and annihilate
the ambitious and disorganized Texas men? we thought. 1 recall, aa if
it were >esttrday, how feiand aiid powerful General Santa Anna and hia
uniformed troops cf oWjQ men looked when they marched toward the pueblo
of San Antonio. . '•>-;'. ..•:;.-
"Then Home one came and told me at my home that Colonel Travis.
Davy Crockett ami ColObel Jiowie and the squad of Americans who had
held that locality ajrainst the mother Government of Mexico for several
wfcfcs. had suddenly barricaded themselves in the old unused stone mis
sion khuich building on the approach of Santa Anna and his troops. Then
thp news came to our home 'that there was going to be an awful battle
between : that handfni pf Americans in the Alamo mission and Santa
Anna's army— the biygess. ana most powerful, po v.-c young people thought,
the world had ever sseen. That took place between the last day of Feb
ruary- and March 4.
*^bf crturhc. we were- hourly informed of the war r.ews. We knew
ihat the Texans in the Alamo were surrounded by 500 soldiers constantly
while -5500 more soldiers were in camp out on the plains. We learned that
four days had bren given the Texans to surrender. We heard from
the soldiers that the imprisoned men had not even so much as returned
a reply to ihi» demand for surrender, and that on the morning of the 6th
«>f March. Santa Anna was going to bring matters to a crisis with the be
leaguered rebel*.
"Tiic mornins of Sunday, the Cth of March— ahl/indecd, I could never
forrct that, even if 1 lire many years more— was clear and balmy. Every
*-craji <.f food was gone from my house, and I ran with the babies to the
horrK; of a pood old Spanish priest, co that we could have food and com
fort'there. There was nothing to impede the view of the Alamo from th«
prints home, although I wished there was. The shooting began at ?
o'clock in the morning. • It seemed as if there were myriads of soldiers
«nd puns about the none building. There was volley "after volley fired
straight into the barred and bolted doors and windows. • Then the volleys
famtln «julck succession, Occasionally we heard muffled volleys, and saw
4>uff.s of. *moke. from within the Alamo, and when we saw, too, Mexican
poldiers taJJ in the roadway or stagger back, we knew the Texans were
fighting as lifijt they cdyld for their lives. More ancl'more volleys. It
w-emed as if ]o.oob suns Wer* shot as indiscriminately as firecrackers
?cap when whole bunches of them arc set off at one time. The smoke
Continued From Page. One.
grtiw thick and heavy and we could not see clearly down at %\\ is
the Al.tmo, whil*» the dm of musketry and screams of the % \V V " ' ''•
crazy, t xultar.t Mexicans Increased every moment. . " -m YVt*»«»s
"Xoxt, several companies of bOldiers came running down : ¦ %^\ra|<
the street with great, heavy - bridge timbers. These were m'vOreli
quickly 'brought to bear as battering rams on the mission ' mX «H
doors, but several volleys from 1 within the Alamo, as nearly '¦% yV \f*t
as we could see, laid low the men at the timbers and stopped %,^\i
the battering for a short time. Three-or four bra3s cannon m^i
were loaded after what seemed to ys very long delay, and were m\V
placed directly In front of the. main doors of the mission. They- %' *
did serious work, Meanwhile bullets from several thousand muskets' %*2S
incessantly rained like hail upon the: building and went through' T
the apertures that had been made in the wood barricades at the
windows and doors. The din was indescribable.- It- did' not seem as
If a mouse could live in a .building so shot at and, riddled as the
Aliimo was that morning. . / . ¦
"Xext we saw that ladders were brought, and in a trice the low roof
of the church was crowded with the screaming; maddened throng of men
armed with suns and sabers. Of course we knew. then that it" wbb all up
with the little band of men In the Alamo. I remember, that ¦, the priest
drew vi away from tho windows and. refused to ltt us look longer, not
withstanding the fascipation of the scene. , ¦ ... ;
"We could hear the shouts -and yells, ar.d severnl; booms of the brass
cannon shook thq.prie3t's house and rattled the window-panes. '
; "Along about 9 o'clock, I should judge, the s-hooting and swearing and
yelling had ceased, but the air was thick and heavy with blue t>owder
smoke. A" Mexican coionel came running, to the priest's residence and
askedlhat-we ko down to the. Alamo to do what , we could for the dyinir
men. The colonel sai3, seml-contldenflally.' that in spite of the efforts of
the general and other officers the troops had given no quarter to the men
whom they had found still alive in the old church when the doors were
burst in; and that horrible scenes were instantly cnactr-d on every hand
The colonel assured us that he had, a guard, and that there 'would be no
danger to any of us, and that the services of the priest and of women
were never mor^ badly nteded. We snatched up all the linen and cotton
bedding we could find, and in the midst of a dozen soldiers we went to
the old stone mission. . ; ¦ ..
"Such a dreadful "slffht! The roadway was thronged with : Mexican
soldiers.- with smoke and dirt-begrimed faces, haggard eyes and wild in
sane expression. There were twelve or fifteen bodies of Mexicans lyine
dead and bleeding here and there, and' others -were being carried to an
adobe house across ? the way. The stones in the church wall were spotted
with blood, and the doors avere splintered and battered, in.
"But no one could ever tell you the horror of the scene that met our
¦•'" % s<-L", •'? ~ jf *«"^Z^^ the sympathetic llt
! /' »-,-; '.••** ,-i ' J* I "^^^^^ ' tle colonel Into the old
• V'- -"• - \l^Z^^^^^ Alamo to bandage up the
ip'*, U. .. -;¦<- t% ZZ<£zZ^^ •¦¦' • wounds of several dying men
L,/';-."*-' ' .~T-**Z*^<^^^^ "' ''¦"¦¦' there. I used to try, when I- was
; f '-.'-':w?S**>^^^^ younger, to describe that awful, awful
• - sight on the Sunday, ln March, but I never
#*\£^^^^ could find sufficient' language.' There were only- a
few Mexicans in 'there when we came." and they were
all officers, who had ordered the common soldiers away from
the scene of death and— yes, daughter, for .that was what it
wa3. The floor was literally crimson with blood. - The woodwork
all about us waa riddled and splintered by lead balls, and what .was left
of the old altar at the rt:ar of the church waa cut and slashed by cannon
balls and bullets. Thealr was dark with powder smoke and was hot
and heavy. . •.¦'- v* ">•:>'- ¦¦ ¦.. *¦-.';" : ''-'~-Jii*\
"The dead Tex#ns lay , singly and -in heaps or three ior .four or in
irregular ' rows here , and there all. about the floor, of the Alamo, just ¦ as
they had fallen when a ball reached a vital, part or they had dropped to
their death" from loss of blood. . Of. course we: went .to work as soon as
we got to the mission, at helping the blt*eding and moaning men who had
but a few hours at most of life. But in'the few:minutes:thafwe. looked
about the corpses all about us R.ive*a mind picture that has always been
as distinct as one before my very eyes. 1 So thick were the bodies of the
dead that we had to step over, some to get to a man in whom there wa*
stillUfe. Close to my feet was a young man who had been shot-through
the forehead/and who had dropped dead, with his eyes staring wildly open
as he seemingly gazed. up into. my. face..' A yard away. was a grizzled. old
Texan, whose beard and long,* unkempt hair were clotted with- blood that
trickled from- his mouth and ears. ,; Over there was a handsome young
man, whose determined resolution 'was shown in hls'corpse," for he died
grappling tight to a musket" in one : hand,- while ;he heldr a ramrod with
the other. He was in the act of loading* when shot down. Next to him
was a man whom I had partially known, : He had had business deals with
my husband, and death had evidently overtaken him as he was trying to
raise himself to his feet after he had been, wounded several times. ' I re
member . seeing poor old Colonel Davy ; Crockett; \ as ; he lay dead by the
side of a dying ! man .whose bloody and ¦ powder-stained . fa.cc I . was wash
ing. Colonel Crockett was about 50 years old at that time.- His coat and
rough woolen ehirt were soaked, with blood so that the original color-was
hidden, for the eccantric hero must have died of some ball in the chest or
a -bayonet thrustsfrom the miserable.* low-lived cutthroats who swarmed
Into tho Alamo and spared not one of the Texans. . - ? •
I see Colon«l Bowie dead? -No, but I remember his body was the
first laken from; the Alamo for burial, and that the priest said h* waa
as nne a gentleman as ever came to Texas. He was sick In the Alamo
b«fora the fight, and hla face was thin -and pinched in death, and his eyes
were deep in their sccketi. The cot upon which he lay when be was killed
was drenched with blood. : • -
;. " W » stayed with- the dying men until late that evening:, and- by that
time all-had expired but two young: men, named Lyon and Randall,- who
came rrom Louisiana. They were carried out under an umbrella tree, and
everything that could be done for their help was done. Eut they had tx*en
snot In the neck and chest and they died the next day in great agony.
When we tame to get the bodies ready for burial we found the wiUd of
many of the dead Texans in their pockets. Some were written on the
leaves or blank books, on used envelopes, and some on- thq inside of haver
sacks. - It all showed the preparation the men Inside the Alamo had mad*
tor death, and their determination to se.ll their lives as dearly as poßsiblc."
-.The aged senora said that the only authentic knowledge of what took
pIMCC nmong theTexans in the Alamo, in getting ready for their battl*
with the, overpowering Mexican army, was gained from young Randall,
ono or the young men who lived until the 7th of. March. It wa3 he who
told how Colonel Travis had addressed the 173 men of Texas in the old
mission a few days before March 6. It was this young man who reported
how Colonel Travis told the intrepid men that all hope for rs^ef from th*
outside must be abandoned, that the army of Santa Anna, by which th«y
were surrounded, numbered over 5000 men. and that to. surrender meant
savagery, and. perhaps, an. ignominious death. Young Randall, when
dying, related how Travis said coolly and calmly that he- himself- had de
cided to stay by the fort as long as he could move, and that he meant to
sell his life as dearly as possible to the Mexicans. Then how Travis with
his sword drew, a line across the church floor f rom • wall to. WaH» . and
stated that all who meant to stay by him in his determination TBlght
come over to that side of the line, while all who wished to. surrender to
Santa Anna might remain on the other side of the .line and would be at
once released:.. from the Alamo. It was this snrae young .Randall from
Louisiana who told with pride, even in excruciating pain from his wounds,
how every man in the,Texf>n band moved by a common impulse to the -side
of- the line with Colonel Travis, and therfby gave a token of their wish
to fight for their lives, with the tremendous odds -against them. It was
this same young man. Randall, who left for historians the only record they
ever had of the silent and prayerful preparations of the 17$ resolute men
in v the old stone mission to meet death. as patriots, and to fight for th»
independence of Texas as long as physical strength was given them. ¦
iagSKi. HEKRY G. TLN'SLET. :
A NEW INVENTION WORKS WONDERS IN KLONDIKE MINING
THE SUNDAY CALL.
process of thawing takes place. •.
As soon as the Day dirt has thawed suf
ficiently it is loaded upon cars and taken
to an elevator, where It is hoisted to tue
METHODS USED THAT TURN OUT
GOLDEN PROFIT
WHERE BEFORE THERE WAS
A DEAD LOSS
ting through this moss was no easy matter and. required two
men thirty days to make the excavation, which is generally
dug six feet long and two wide. The pay dirt is alwaya
found in a frozen condition and has to be thawed; before
the. gravel, can be sluiced. The early method of . thaw-
Ing, and one, which Is employed now to some extent, was
. a simple wood fire built at the bottom of the excavation.
It can be readily seen that even the matter of pfospect
k ins: would entail nollttle expense, as two men for thirty
days, at $10 per day each, would cost a pretty sum.
.% ' Should the dirt pay after, prospecting there would be
\% . nothing but the, ordinary margin of profit. It is in,
A% the problem of reducing the cost of production that
'• a great deal of .capital, time and lahor has been
% spent. /After considerable experimenting a process
, V, lias been developed and perfected' by which the
V % > cost of manipulation has been reduced to a mln-
\\% lmum and'the poorest paying gravel may be-
Tsk \{ m worked at a profit, :
WkXi y^^ In all placer mining water is necessarily a
¦Sa rreat consideration, as no sluicing can be
Bt-^ done without it. Tho water supply in . the
Btit^* Klondike Is cut off during eight months of
Is^^*\ the year, -as, all the streams are frozen,
iVl.i'A and in consequence sluicing is suspended
M&V Vv\ during this seasnn. It has been the cus-
W|%^\ V^ m tom heri ' tQforp to bring the pay gravel
sßafcsr&K y, % to the surface during the winter, and
ajESntW Y\.^ in tn^ summer, when the ice melts
EMCT|»|¥A Vk^k away and water is plentiful, to oppr
fv?.-> ~>-:~^?~ > - : ~^? ate the sluices— taking in the pro
:l ''''" -^^^^^ % ceeds of eight months' labor in four.
W^\,^^^^^^ " By the introduction of the new pro-
cess, steam thawing, sluicing is not
only reads possible the year around, but
the cost cf production is lessened and a.
great deal more may be accomplished
with the same amount of time, .labor and
capital. ..'._' . ' •
This new method is the invention of Mf.
Stiles, who haY been in the employ of Mr.
Alexander McDonald, the' Klondike kintr,
for a number of years. Mr. McDonald wis
the first^. ta"-;use/ the new process, and
since a great-- many miners
have-Vtaken it up. The method is quite
simple and" is easiljvput into operation at
a comparatively small cost. •A steam
boiler ;is». placed upon the surface and a
shed built abdve it- as a.protection againnt
trie'weather. From the boiler, which nvw
be of any size,' according to the magni
tude of the operations. pipes--radiate, and
lead down the 'main shaft, which is cut as
the thawing progresses, until the gravel
bed. is reached, and then a tunnel is cut
at right angles . gome 400 to 500 feet in
length. Down the shaft and through the
tunnel a three-inch pipe Is run, which
carries the steam from the boiler above on
the surface. To the end of this pipe ?3
attached a rubber hose especially made
for the conveyance of steam— this ose
branches out into eight or ten smaller
tubes, each of which has attached at the
end an iron screw, wedge or point. These
points are driven into the frosen gravel or
moss; the "steam S3 -turned on and the
surface, there to be run -through . the.
sluice bc^es. In these, tunnels and «haft«
no timbering* Is required, as the' decayed
vegetation Is frozen so solid that there
is not the wllc-htest chance, of. a' slide.
However, after, thawing, some of turn
| mofs becomes loose -and falls away, but
as the miners, work 'backward the fallen
material does not crt off the exit. The
tunnel is dug and then, coramencinit: at
the end, the dirt above, below and at the
sides, 13 taken from' the extreme end first.
'¦ to that, as the miners work, enlarging
the tunnel all the time; the earth which
falls In occupies a space already gone
over by the miner?. With the attendant
heat, of — c steam and the length" of the
tunnel the air becomes scarce and foul.
To avoid this air is supplied through a
sepa.rate shaft dug from the 'surface
down to the tunnel and rising perpendicu
lar to it. , . . *¦••
¦ . A ten-horsepower boiler will; run eight
• or. ten points, or nozzles, and .will thaw
ten times as much' as the ordinary wood
lire. The process is as cheap- as wood,
the fuel used is clos«i jat hand, all that is
necessary to obtain it being the cutting..
Quicksilver Is used very- little in these
placer mines. The sluice boxes arc mad *
long and narrow.. with the ripples placed
in the bottom of the boxes, running pa
rallel. These ripples are made of two
inch scantling and to prevent the wear
and tear of the. water and era vel they
are covered with sheetlron. They are s«t
two inches apart and are blocked at each
end to prevent the gold from running out.
Conditions have changed at Dawson
within the past few months and . thera
has been a great ;reduction in prices, both
for labor and supplies, the reduction be
ing brought about mainly, through in
creased transportation facilities and th*
good effects' of competition. And then
again, the newness of the Klondike has
worn off. It is no. longer a venture. It
is a certainty. It has lost its excitement
and has settled down into a' position of
evenness and advancement. ¦'• '.'<¦ .{: -
Though the Mohammedans in London number.no more than 200. they
are building 1 a mosque, at a cost of J30.000. to accommodate from 300 to
400 worshipers, in addition to the women, for whom a gallery will be pro
vided. It Is expected that when once the mosque is established- in -th**
metropolis Mohammedans, students in particular, will flock there from *i>
parts of the world. .
I|C/HE/HB£R THS At-^VHpI
2THE STOTDAX OAlili.
3
SOCIETY
GIRLS IN
VAUDEVILIE
AJ TttErY APPEALED*
AT TKfc v ¦ i
EMANU^L •:/iVAPTAIX PAUL HERMANN, sir!"
I / The waiter stood aside to allow the stranger
\/y la pass into the room. - ,
V^ "Cjlad to see you, captain; how 'are you?" saiii
Hcnr.-. Musgravc warmly as he advanced to meet his
¦¦ -. ¦."•¦. . -¦¦ ¦ ' • j • ¦-.
\is:tor. ¦ ¦
Oh. fairish, considering things. How are you?"
"Oh. I'm all right, except—; — " . Musgrave shrugged
his shoulders, turned the palms of his hands toward
Captain Hermann arid bent his head to one side in ah
cCamoue a:;d uneasy' fashion. . Walking to the front of
t'.-te rlrq)lacc he put his hands behind him and glanced
impatiently at the closing door.
The door karrdle rattled and the waiter had gone.
"There! sit down, captain, we can talk now," saiJ
Musgrave. as he v'aiked to a side table and took a de
canter iii each hand. "Whisky, brandy or what?" he
Lskcd v.-ith a look at the. captain.
"Oh, whisky .will, do." replied Hermann indifferently.
, Musgrave took two glasses from the side table anJ
;>ourcd out a stiff measure of the liquor into each.
"Goo<l health lo you, captain," he said, raising one
glass to drink.
"Good health and good luck," \\-as th: response as
Ckptain Hermann grasped the other glass, raised it to
I.is ljps 2nd took a light draught. •
Settling- his glass c:! the. table Musgrave moved a
chiir to within a yard oi' his visitor and their sat down.
"Well, what's afloat?!' asked the captain, eager to
know. why. Henry .Musgrave, manager of. the North
Brazilian Shipping Company, had invited him to the
New Metropo-iC MWB
Musgrave raised- his chair and set it down "again one
ihch'necrrr his visitor.. .:\
"Captain." he said in an undertone. "I suppose you
know that .it's all up with the company?"
"Weil. 1 fruessed thzt things weren't over brisk."
-"Bri'k! They're brisk enough, but it's the wrong
»'»y. We are in • liquidation. The boats arc to tn
:-old and in a few day's the North Brazilian will have
. I:o. further Tisc for your valuable services or mine."
"Humph! that's bad!"
"•'• "Bad as it can be as regards the company. That's
why I wanted you to come and talk things over."
;.Thc captain shot' : an inquiring glance at Musgrave.
. "I've an idea that will yield a few thousand pounds
within twelve months," Musgrave went on. "I wan:
a captain to go in with me on haft shares.'*
"What is it?" came the sharp inquiry.
"Take a solemn oath that you won't divulge and T'A
toll you everything." SbfiS
"Oh. that's all right: you can trust me."
"Give me your hand."
Th.c captain's .arm s-lowly rose.
Musgrave grasped his hand and held it- firmly.
"Give me your solemn oath that you won't repeat a
word that I say to any one." •
. "Right. I sw.ear." •
' "Good. Then here's the -trick. I'm going to bluff
tij.? underwriters. I've paid them thousands, and it's
quite time I made a call on them."
. Hermann looked back and moved uneasily.
"You needn't beafraid: it's not a scuttling job. We
can <!o better than that," said Musgrave, reading the
captpin'.s thoughts.
] "Go-.0n," was the impatient rejoinder.
I VWe can get one of the company's boats at our own
price., Suppose we take one of the best, fill her up with
what we can get or with rubbish; insure the ship .an i
rwrgafor a top sum, and let her go and play chameleon
Do you fee?" ¦ '
"Ycs^: th?.t you want -to send me to penal servitude?"
saifl tiie -captain coolly.
"Bosh ! • Don't you see the play. .Twenty-four hours
out your boat becomes some other boat. You paint her
dc.vr. and give her the name of some boat she's like.
Musgrave collected enough cargo to give a look of
genuine freight and business to the boat while she wways y
loading, and Captain Hermann helped to make draught
by taking all of the water he safely could into con
venient parts of her. Except for appearance, on insur
ance account, they wanted no cargo. Every ton put on
board was an incumbrancc and added to the risks of
the undertaking.
When the Madeline steamed easily down the Thames,
bound nominally for. Rio Janeiro, she had every appear
ance lof being as well found and honest -a trading
steamer as ever carried a. house flag. But the piece of:
deep -'Llue •¦bunting bearing the large yellow M; which
fluttered at her maiy truck and : her freshly painted fun
nel- with a deep black band.' top. and bottom.' and stone
colored body, bearing *afcl«ar: arid evasive letter M on
each side— standing tor Madeline or "'Mus»rraye—were^
new and caused' many a speculation as to whose the
steamer might be.
Hermann knew, his business as well as any man who
ever paced a steamer's bridge, and knew just as well ho'v
to get any work connected .with his steamer done by the
time and in .the way he -wanted. When therefore the
Madeline had been six days out she had become another
craft. ; Her funnel was: dark blue with :a: single' black
band at the top>. Her hull .was glossy black 'with ;a
good breadth of biight salmon pink curving away above
the water line. At each side of the , bb'vy% •in ¦ large yel
low; letters stood out. the) name of Sicilian and on
the sweep of the stern; were neatly picked out the words,
Sicilian, London. ; ~ii -, '.
"Wonder if;' Musgrave would know .us if he came
alongside now," "chuckled Hermann to his second oi •'
ficer ' as they 'stood on : the- bridge \watching '¦-. a couple
of men' who were painting the forward winch.
¦ Instead of ; steaming . yv'est ¦ for ; RioTthe " Sicilian ' took ¦ a
southerly course. : Crossing \ the line she, worked down ¦
southward. : past Ascension v and } St. Helena, :'a"nd f then
bent southeast for. the Cape of- Good Hope. - "> ln another
ten days she was well round the Cape on a straight N^E.
by E. course across the"' lndian Ocean. The, Sicilian v was
never meant: to go within" a couple of thousand miles of
Rio on that • trip. Musgrave had made '< up such papers'
as Hermann would require and had Riven them tohim
with letters j of ; consignment •to two 'j Colombo ' aeencies.
The Sicilian ' was" steered 'to ¦ Colombo '¦ and . the ' careo
landed 'on 'consignment ; for/ the new British Trading
Companysof 'London.^ to await s , the -arrival of an accnt
who was said, to be following : by* the first mail steamer;';'
- Picking Sup. what cargo he could "find [ that 1 he '; might
show^ a clean face iri'port'ahd' make a [few extra' pounds
on* his 'own: account,. Hermann? put ; the'; Sicilian on a
northwesterly course under .full steam, for Bombay. ¦
y'i Dick Fairburn, : first ,*6fficer- of 'the Leonidas, . stood; on
the .end; ofjthe buhdar at Bombay, ;' talking with -Joe
Gregory, captain of the Aridromache, and Charlie Dan
son, chief . engineer ' of • the ; Burmah. ¦ v :; Their steamers
happened to be in port together arid Dick and Joe. two
old chums of Uppingham school, ' had met ¦ for the first
Suppose you had the Pernambucnn. A
coupie ot days after leaving port she be-
comes, say, the Caspian. You start, say,
for Buenos Ayres, but go to Calcutta or
Bombay instead, and. sell the boat — the
Caspian— for what ycu can get. The
Pcrnainbucan will have gone — at least,
they must think so, here, and "I must
get her posted us lost and look
out for the money. What you get
for the boat will be so much more to the good. That'll
Hermann sat silent, looking hard at the fireback.
The scheme was as audacious as it .was simple, but he
saw difficulties. There were the cargo, and the papers
and the crew. The cargo would have to be got rid of
and the crew would see all that was done above board.
"Won't it work?" asked Musgrave, - di^jppointed.
Hermann shook his head. ;'lv ;'
"Why not?"
"What about the cargo and the papers and the men?"
queried the captain.
"I'll see to the papers. The cargo, you'd put out
where we'd arranged, and you would have to keep the
men on board until you had got rid of the boat." said
Musgrave confidently. ;
Hermann thought again: ' :'..';
"What would a boat fetch at Calcutta or Bombay?"
he asked after a long think. SllP^
-""More than the cost of the venture." "v
"And how much ¦ would you make out of the insur-
''Can't tell: perhaps thirty thousand; perhaps more."
"And would you be willing to make it an equal 'share
"Yes, v.c would divide equally." , . . •
"How about petting a boat?"
"I can work th3t. The company will be glad to get a
boat off their hands." ,v, v v
Hermann, took a sip at his whisky, and then thought
for a minute. "Pay all costs and guarantee me isooii
however the thing goes and I'll go in vnth.you," he said
decisively.
'¦ "Why £2000?" Musgravc asked with a disappointed
«ir.
"Because I take the risks. If the thing! fails I'm
done." •
"Tut! nonsense!" , . '
"Ruined, ruined! Nothing'but penal servitude for it,"
the captain said emphatically.
They talked for ten minutes more and -then Mus
grave yielded." The captain agreed to join him in the
venture oh the understanding that he was to 'have -half,
of the net profits, or £2000, whichever sum might be
the greater. He was to command such steamer as could
be got and jointly withMusgrave was to exploit the un
derwriters. The cool effrontery. of, the project made it
the more lighter and more attractive to" him.. He parted
from Musgrave . in a lighter and more hopeful ¦ mood
than -he had known for many a day.
Musgrave bought; the North 'Brazilian Company's
steamer Madeline at a price, which some of the share
holders .of the company correctly described. as ."little
more than the price of old iron." But as the company
had been working at a ruinous loss and was retiring
Henry/ Musgrave, -its old manager, to make way for a
liquidator, and as the Madeline and two other steamers
were swallowing up the, little remaining capital of the
company, the directors were glad of an opportunity <of
"Maybe I will yet. Her father said I wasn't' good
enough for her.' It was through that I left the. ship." .
"Did she care for you?" asked Charlie Darison, his- ;
eyes twinkling' with the fun of the thing. ¦ • ¦ • ¦'. :'-\ .
"Aye, as much as any girl ever did for-a fellow.*'- ¦• • .?
"Then I'd marry her," said Charlie, decisively. " ... :
"That's the Madeline, I'll swear," said Dick,. looking..;
again at the steamer with the blue- funnel. - ", " '. •¦_ • ¦-.;¦
'.* You're wrong," said Charlie: /'That's the Sicilian '
sure enough, and I'd nearly bet a month's pay she was
Charnley's Jungfrau four years. ago. .1 know her boW- ¦¦
and deck lines forward." • ",- • , . ¦-¦'.'¦ .'
"I'll bet you five sovereigns- that- a year Ago! that. boat ",
was the Madeline. "Will you take it?" said Diek r eagerly.; :
"I* will," replied Charlie, laughing. * ¦'. • • \ ¦¦¦} - '¦} \ "* I
"Done." • . ¦ ..'.-.• '¦'.' '•.-.. ':'-":
"We'll soon settle that Here's one oi her boats, ? ";
said Joe, briskly: * ' - . ¦ ';. -'"'V '¦
A newly painted captain's gig bearing the name . Sici
lian was coming to the landing. In a minute .Captain . : .
Paul Hermann stepped ashore. ' .- ' . ." .'"¦•, - ••• V:J
"Captain, what steamer is that?" .said Gregoryjb Her- ;
mann. . ; " , : -. '«';• . • \ *'. • .- \- ¦ ¦'¦'. ¦•'•¦•
¦ "Sicilian of London." . "• • . ?- •'• "7. ; ,. .
"Wasn't she the Madeline? 1 "' •'¦--' ... . • •...'•;•.',
Hermann staggered, but only for an' instant. '.'' •¦..•••/;
"No, she wasn't. She's the Sicilian.".. *':.-v-, .' *'"'¦¦ ';
"Before you had her she was the Madeline,'' said Dick.
Fairburn, coolly. -">'¦' -V^ •'
"Then you know a d sight raore about her than I '.";
do and I'm her captain. • I say she's the Sicilian. If you
don't believe it take that boat and knock" your head
against her bows and open your eyes and. see,". growled
Hermann. . m . •". • . ..'¦••:
"By heaven,. l will. . Come on, Joe; come on. Charlie.
I'll prove it in five minutes," said Dick Fairburn, step
ping lightly into Hermann's gig.' . ' ; "
Joe Gregory whispered to , Paul Hermann, .that -. tha...
other two had a bet on as to the identity of the steamer, .
adding, "We'll :takc' your offer, captain, arid row. round
her bows. Seeing- will be believing. .-.We'll make it..
all right over'a glass. and a pipe on the old Dromache .
yonder, if you'll come aboard to-morr.ow= night." • . ¦ ;
"Here! row these fellows to the devil!" snapped Her- . ;
man to the crew of the gig. : . ...
Charlie Danson and -Joe Gregory stepped into ..the
boat and she was pushed off. The four oars dipped and
she shot quietly through the still water. '• -.' - :¦" '..¦"
Hermann stood on the quay red with rage.: He would [\
have hailed the boat and brought her back, but some
how he dared not. One of the three, strangers who had
gone in her was evidently, a captain, and the other two
were officers. It wotrlvi have looked bad to bring the
boat back. And one of the three was suspicious as 'it-.
.was. Reproaching himself-for his folly in .telling 'this '
man to go in his own boat'and see. the ship', he walked .
to and fro along the quay, a strange feeling of impend
ing mischief creeping over him. . ' . '•;. [ {
"There you are," said Charlie Danson as the boat shot/
up to the bow of the steamer. "S-i-c-i : l-i-a-n! Isn't that j,
plain enough?" : .; • / - : ¦ -: /
"No," answered Dick Fairburn, doggedly. • • -" . •"-..-•.
"Oh, well, if that isn't good enough I give in- What
more can you have?" • ..* •' •"' ' •.¦. ¦ • ': ;
.".'."I'll show you. Pull to the ladder, boys," said Dick,
authoritatively. . . "• •• '-,¦ :':"¦
1 The boat's head was turned, .and a couple of. strokes
put her alongside of the ladder. ' ...--- ... •';;¦;..=¦
"Come on!" said Dick, grasping the ladder and
mounting quickly. .""'.. " ' •'¦ . -.'"¦., :.-•
In half a minute Dick Fairburn stood on the deck of;
the Sicilian. In- less than a minute, more Joe Gregory ;
and Charlie Danson stood beside him. The deckhands
came around, looked at the strange officers and ex- i
changed glances. . " '• - - '. - ' : . .;'¦'
"It's all "rfght, men.. Your captain sent us aboard;' :
we're making a survey," said Dick Fairburn to the men,
who st&od. wishing for an order to" pitch the- intruders
overboard. ' r."- : '•'-:-. • .
"Come on. captain, and you, Mr. Danson^ this.way."
Dick Fairburn walked toward the midship deckhouse,
the other two and some- of the ship's hands following.
Enterins the starboard alleyway,- he walked on until he
reached the fourth door on the port hand. There was a
little plate bearing the words "First. Officer" over the
door. Dick grasped. the handle; turned it and gave a
push. The door opened inward. A coat hung from a
rail and other articles lay about. Across the narrow end
of the room *here was a short seat. • ; X .
Dick Fairburn entered the room and walked to tha
seat and sat down. Joe. Gregory and Charlie Danson
followed him mi .¦•'.'. f ¦ # ..
"For nearly three years this" was my room," said Dick.
"When I got sweet on Madeline. Musgrave I thought I
would 1 like to have her. name before me when I was sit
ting in here. So I did this: see."- "- . .•... / \
He stepped to the other end of the room and placed
one hand upon each edge of a raised panel on the space
by v the door. With a light upward jerk the. panel came ¦
away in his hands. On the woodwork whichlhe panel,
had covered was carved the . word "Madeline" in clear
but quaint letters. • • ¦ '¦ . -.'• . - •.:
"There! I carved that when I- was first officer of th:»
ship, the Madeline, nearly four years ago. : If that isn't
proof you can take the sovereigns/ Charlie/ said Dick,
replacing the panel on the little 1 concealed hook which
supported it and hid the revered name from'an idle gaze.
. Dick led the way from the room, pushed through the
men who now thronged the allejrway, and made for the
ladder. The boat was stiU alongside. ' . .
"Come on, let. us get- ashore,-' he said, turning to
Gregory and Danson, who were behind him.
In five minutes they, were being rowed to. the qnay.
Continued on P*ee 9."
THE SUNDAY ' CALL.
time for six years. They had spent a day together on
shore, had,. fallen in with Charlie during the "afternoon
and had been taking a few turns on' the bifndar- before
parting for the night." ,-*-'• ¦
Suddenly Dick became silent and looked intently at a
steamer with a blue funnel and black smokestack lying
out in the harbor.
"What's .up, Dick?" said Joe Gregory, seeing that
something had taken his old comrade's attention.
"I'd bet six months' pay that that's my old ship," said
Dick, pointing to the steamer.
"That's; the Sicilian, a London boat; I saw her name
*s we came ashore," said Gregory. •'
"It's' the Madeline if the Madeline's afloat. I ought"
to know her," Dick said dogmatically.
["•Well, what does it matter?" . ¦ .
Dick turned to Gregory with a queer, sheepish smile
which changed in an instant to a look of furious wrath.
,: "What in heaven's name's. up, Dick?" said Gregory,
struck by the change which had come over his old mate.
' The look of anger melted and the look of sheepish
confusion came back to the face of Dick Fairburn. He
stood like some school boy who had been the victim of a
mean trick and knew it. .
"Queer that we should meet here at Bombay,. Joe,
after so long and this thing crop up," he said; with
feeling. "You'll say I'm a fool, but I don't mind tellinj?
you," he added as he stopped and looked down at his
boots. /
"Go on, man," said Gregory, impatient. ...
Pick looked up again. He was red as the setting sun
on a wild March day. ; ' .',' '• - .
. - "Five years ago," he began unsteadily. "I joined
that boat as 'second.' She belonged to a new company,
the North Brazilian Shipping Company.; The manager
was named Henry Musgrave. He used often to come
on the boat and would bring his wife and daughter and
others to see her. Once he went-with us to Montevideo,
and took his. daughter. I was 'first' then. She. was the
jolliest girl I ever met. She was interested in every
thing about the shipand Ihad to tell her all aboutthe
compasses and the navigation. And, by heaven, before
we got back to London— they came back with vs — that
girl was dead gone oh me—"
"And you?" interrupted Gregory.
"Was deader gone on her. Ton ray life, I couldn't
help it. Joe; she was such a merry lass, you would have
fallen in love with her yourself."
"What was her name?"
"Madeline—Madeline Musgrave.; The ship was called
after her." ¦ .- •'
"Why didn't you marry her?" asked Gregory, laugh-
4
lightening their burdens by disposing of one of 'the
steamers. And to take the grace of a virtue out of what
was almost a necessity, some of the shareholders' viewed
their retiring manager with condescension and said:
"Give him a chance: let him have the boat to see what he
can do for himself." ¦ . r .
So Musgrave got the Madeline, a handy, modern boat
of over 2500 tons, named after his only daughter as a
compliment to him five years before.
HIS MADELINE
J.HANMER QUAILWHAT
A
LITTLE
EIGHT
YEAR
OLD
GIRL
OF
THE
SIERRAS
DID.
Valets and Their Accomplishments.
ly with the first snore. For these and
other services $750 per year would be
given. Did the applicant approve?
Needless to remark, 'the lover of cafe
was soon in possession, of a dutiful ser
vant.
The Japanese valet of a much-traveled
gentleman was burdened with many and
peculiar duties. * Not only ; did he dress
and overlook his master's toilet; from no
other hands would the latter accept his
daily cup of tea, nobody could make It
to such perfection as the jolly Jap, and
nobody knew how •to serve his bowl of
rice with his attendant's delicacy.
THIS Is the story of a little girl who paid for her own edu
cation. - Her capital was seven lambs.
Laura Chalmers was just eight years old when she
started out to be a shepherdess. She was living at 611
ver Creek, up in the mountains of Alpine County, when
•lie arrived at the decision.. and Alpine County Is an appropri
ate place In which to be a shepherdess.
When her eighth birthday came she put on a pair of over
alls, a blue and white checked sunbonnet and a solemn face.
Her black curls would tumble down under the sunbonnet and
would look undignified in spite of all she could dc> But she
made herself as stern as possible and called her lambs together.
"Lambs, I have something of importance }.o communicate
to you," she said. She had learned the phrase in a big gilt-edged
bock that stood on the whatnot. .
• With her lambs gathered about her and seeming to listen
the told them a long story as if they understood. She was only
a little girl, but ehe knew the story well enough herself, though
it was the kind that Is usually read only in the grown people's
botik of "life. She told how poor her mother was, now that the
mine in which her father's fortune had been sunk was no longer
t«elng worked. . How they themselves, the lambs, had been
given the little girl by sheep men # who now and "then passed
Uure on the way to grazing land. How they were all her very
own. tf» do as sh<? pleased with, and how she had decided to call
them lur flock and go Into sheep raising. . .
"You .wouldn't have to work, poor lambs, if papa was still
alive," she apologized to them. It was little enough they knew
about work, to be suro. They were frisky and fluffy with youth
— r/o friskier than Laura might have been except for the great
trouble which had made her much older than tight years.
There had been aUime when Chalmers" mine at Silver .Creek
¦was keeping the whole place humming" with the excitement of
its prosperity. . Then the crash had come. If the- lambs; had
been able to look back upon all these changes .they might have
done some moralizing on their own account, but they were very
¦ycting. I •,*'•. --. " ¦ ' * ; '. -'
So -, they simply put their shoulders "to / the wheel without
knowing much what It was all about. Day. after day they
nibbled diligently, as x professional lambs must do. Day after
day the ovcralled, sunbonncted shepherdess ¦ followed and
Arplyini? for a. situation as valet, a re
f.ned young fellow of twenty-flve years
was. to fay the least, somewhat astound.
Ed after an interview with the companion
less gentleman, according to Pearson's
"Weekly: .- ' . ¦ : " .ivr:'' ¦"- .
In addition to the orthodox require
ments, the latter requested that his.ser
vant should rock him to sleep after din
rer. a cushioned hammock 6tretchlnsr
from waTl to wall of his smoking room be-
Ir.r pointed out as his couch.
While gently swinging the net. the valet
would perfume the air by smoking scent
ed cigarettes, leaving the room noiselcas-
Place Where Prayer Never Ceases.
There Is one spot in the United States
where the voice of prayer 13 never still.
For more than twenty months the "turret
of prayer" that surrounds the "Temple
of Truth." near Lisbon Falls. Me., has
never for an Instant been without the
sound of a human voice in supplication.
It is the intention of the people who at
tend to this remarkable form of worship
that prayer in the turret shall never cease
so long as the building shall stand.
-The author of this custom is the Rev.
Frank TV. Sandford, leader of the "Holy
Ghost and Us Society." The society af
filiates with no denomination and tries to
conform strictly to -the teaching, of the
Blbie. Starting without a penny. It haa
in a few years achieved such success that
it ha 3 built four buildings, the "Temple
of Truth" among, them, . which form a
rectangle capable, of seating 20,000 persons.
The life here Is quite- in the spirit of a
religious revival. Conversions are made,
and.tha slcktaealed by prayer every day
in the year. .The students of religion who
make their home here take turns at sus
taining the never-ending prayer -In tha
great turret. • • ¦ '
On the roof of the tempi© are tw»iv*
Other little turrets, in each, of which, wh-n
the number of students becomes lare*
cnoufrhto admit of it. prayer will be kept
up continually.' . ' .- •;
guarded. The little lambs waxed fat and grew to sheep; = and
their wool was as white and fuzzy as ooap lather of June
clouds. - " " ' . .
The sheep were all of Laura's companions. Sometimes - a
¦ stranger would lose his way In th© mountains and land; at- Sll-
Ter Creek for a day or two, but these strangers were always so
disobliging as to b« grown up and therefore very uncompanion
able. Laura did not know what a real boy or girl was. She had
speculations on the subject, based upon herself, but self is a
risky basis. BhbESPSSv^I
As time went by Mrs. Chalmers did a great deal of thinking.
This thinking was about Laura and school. It would never do
to let the little girl grow up- with no more education than her.
mother could give her. SVe had learned a bit about the. three
R's, and so far. so good; but Laura was .growing older all the
time. At last when her twelfth birthday came Mrs. Chal r
mers broached the subject. She knew that each year had seen
a pile of sheep money laid away for. a rainy day. '•&••': . -
"You must go away to school"' she said. • /
The .-"hepherdess thought it over calmly: ''-" -.' KfSPgfi
"Is there money enough ?" she asked^ -
"Not without selling the sheep." . " - -- '
.'.'-"If- it's got to be done, all right," she said calmly. - But'shs
• went forth and wept a weep apiece over all the beloved floe*.
They .were ; embarrassed '-.and knew nothing to say except
"Saa-a-a." ' BgfjBPMB|B" - ¦
'"Ton must all go,", she told them. • : " ..."
"Baa-a?" they Inquired, not understanding.
"Because I must be educated." "» • *..-¦¦
"Baa-a-a," they assented in solemn chorus. '•'-..
... Then they went forth to be sold at a neat price. ' "• ¦¦:'
.Every thing, was settled at last. A boarding place for Laura
engaged; In Markleeville, seventeen miles away. -A spick
.and span wardrobe was bought, for in Markleeville U'Js con
sidered hardly the thing to wear overalls upon all. occasion.*;
.especially. for_a girl. When the whole thing had been settled
and paid for there was $S4 of sheep money left for the- next
rainy day. ' yBtBSBbMJBSSsBSrvii
She is now among charts and maps- and blackboards. Dur
ing vacations she goes home to the little Silver Creek hotl3e and'
climbs the Silver Creek Mountains and. thinks of the. days when
she and the "pioneer seven climbed there together.
MADE
A
FLOCK
OF
GIFT
LAMBS
PAY
FOR
HER
EDUCATION.
jThHE wind of th<» woeds J« blowing our way.' Wagnerian
1 . nr.ieic is about to descend upon us.-
I Walter Damrosch is bringing it. He will play Wag-
I ncr, lecture on Wagner, illustrate Wagner. He has tho
7,' ! . -^yj right, for he is a disciple.
Thirty-eight years ago Leopold Damrosch had a son. The
boy was born in Breslau and the spirit of German music was in
his soul. When ho first tried to convince people of the fact
.they .were skepiioai. for theie are so many false alarms in the
•world. "You arc cnly the son of your .father," they said. "Thai
1? no credit to you. Prove yourself a great interpreter of. great
music -before we believe."- Which was exactly ' what' -Walter :
.Intended to do. . „ > «
At nine years of age he had come to the United States and
had brought somrs very youthful and very German ideas with
him. . They clung'for a while, but it was only aquestlon of
N tlnie. He grew both older and more Americanized. ~
There was nothing meteoric about him. He had a long, slow ¦
fight for recognition- in the musical world. . Now that he" has
< achieved success you look at his pictures in the light of preju- .
dice and you say: "That mouth! Who ever could have doubted '
the artist in that sensitive upper lip: And that chin! Any, one
might have known in the first place that it. would never be dis
couraged!" But, you see, you are saying these things now be
cause of what you know. Twenty years ago you would not, In
all probability, have studied the lip and chin ct all, but you
would have said: "There's a foolish and a bumptious young
man who has day dreams. He fancies he is going to teach ua '
something new about music."
When, in truth, he did begin to teach It was not something
new. It was an old lesson that had been forgotten. "New York
is dona with Wagner," he heardi "New York shall again listen
to him," he vowed. *- . - •"",*'
Fourteen years ago he began to play some part In the musi
cal affairs of the great' city, but it. was a small part. Not until:
seven years ago was the name of Walter Damrosch known'pro
fessionally throughout the ! country. "Up to that, time his only
distinction had been in his marriage with Miss Margaret Blalne,
daughter of James G. Blame. Mr." Damrosch is a domestic man,
by the way; there is a tribe of happy little Damrosches. A friend
tells of one of the least of these/ who asked her mother to re
tire* from t he .robin tone night while she said .her ¦ prayers; she
wanted to" talk, to : God alone, she. said. Her motherfdid what
most people would; listened at the keyhole. "Please. God. for-,
v*ET*-e me* ior N t^S?jam . I ** stole to-day, '*was, what sHeT: heard.
Heavenly justice' is so comfortably remote compared with ma
ternal justice. I ' '," .. ,~\~ V-'-f,';
'Mr. Damrosch. produced Wagnerian music in, New York, In
the South and in the Southwest. AVagner. is to him the great
master, but he has- worked along many other lines. He has
been the conductor of. a' great New York orchestra, both con
ductor and manager of opera companies, and composer of
.operatic and lyric music. '¦"-".- ; --"v^ ;
He come 3 this season .to interpret to us of the Pacific Coast
the message of the great musician. *'Mr. , Walter Damrosch,
Composer,' Conductor and Lecturer." he is announced. The plan
of action is* unique. -With him are lime. Gadski. who shone here
last year in the Grand Opera armament, and David Bispham,
the barytone.' Excerpts from the opera will be sung by Gadski
and BisphamTwhile^ Damrosch plays and explains. Besides the
Wagnerian studies "there will be ; a recital of Damrosch's own
compositions. He I-.' as passionate as Rossetti. as martial as
Kipling, for he has caught the spirit and made the melody for
the poetry of both. v .
* Damrosch the man is still a stranger to our shore. We can
only speculate abcut, him,* knowing that; he is to bring to us
' "the endlessly varied voices that are audible in the forest." -
An admirable artist, the valet tattooed
the body of his employer in all stales of
fanciful designs— fans, umbrellas, scaly
monsters in rainbow tints, executed with
faithful minuteness. Every patch of skin
save the breast and uncovered parts was
Illuminated, the emblazoned one being
proud to be photographed In semi-nude
state. -' ~- ¦ ' ':-v.; ; j.;..- •
Every few days the . Eastern artist
painted the bare breast of his employer,
choosing some topical or humorous sub
ject," according to fancy. At his death the
valet: became possessed of J5OOO and much
valuable plate In recognition of five years'
devoted . service. '
_An advertisement to this effect recently
appeared: "Wanted, a'young gentleman
as vaUt, educated, refined, etc., and able
to wear No. 5 shoes' and 24-inch corsets."
This wearing of the masters-t ight clothes
to ease them of. newness is a great trial
to many valets. One who can pinch him
self into Cinderelli shoes and squeeze his
waist within fashion plate limits is' indeed
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Artists Who Have Come West to Illustrate Wagnerian Themes
5THE SUNDAY CALL.
MOST F AM OUS HUNTER FOR EGRETS IN THE WORLD
/¦i^HE most famous hunter for egrets
| 'in the world lives among the orange
I , trees In the 6a n Gabriel Valley. He
I. ls.Davifl L. Bennett. Go anywhere
X among millinery feather expert buy
ers the world over and you will find how
veil Bennett and his egrets from Central
America -and Mexico are known. "Ben
ret egret plumes are often quoted spe
cially in the millinery trade journals of
Paris end New York. Mr. Bennett makes
an Industry of egret hunting and cf sell
ing cer#t leathers and plumes, and by It
he. has raafie a fortune in twenty-five
>ipars.
He con-.es op the Pacific Coast from his
fcur.ttng expedition twice a year. He mar
kets his ecret products, rests at his beau
tiful Southern California ranch a few
;-<vecks and then goes down the coast for
slather season of hunting. Sometimes he
pets, during five or six months, feathers
an<J pJumes that he sells for $1600 and even
$2300. • He 6ays that he became a prof es-
have talked with men who used to hunt
egrets and herons in the marsh lands and
bays of Peru, the United States of Colom
bia and Ecuador for the Paris and other
European markets, and they tell me that
the birds have been so thoroughly wiped
out down that way that it Is a loss of
time and money to try to get a living by
hunting egrets and herons. A millinery
feather-buyer from Paris who came down
to the City of Mexico last January told
me that he will never come out this way
any more to buy feathers, for there were
so few good plumes to be had that it wa<j
a losing proposition for him. He said that
his firm In Paris was going to turn Its at
tention to peeking Its ornamental feather
supply in Africa, but that it was by no
means certain that It could get egret
plumes in that part of the world. The
house he was with in Paris used to buy
$23,000 worth of egret feathers In Mexico,
Central America and' Peru every year. So
you can see how the business on this con
tinent ha« diminished.
"Egret feathers are now sold entirely by
weight. When I went into getting the
feathers asa business I cold them at so
SUPPLYING PLUMES TO THE BON
• ' TON MILLINERS OF; CREATION.'
fro rp a >iatf<et : Sta.ndpp?nt- ¦
best season I ever had was In 1882, when
I had four good shooters at work for me
among the lagoons of Nicaragua.: I got
about $6000 that year clear after seven
months' work. I cold the whole feather
crop to a buyer from Brussels, Belgium,
that year and he paid me $30 an ounce
for my finest plumes.
"Only a very few feathers are available
on the egret. On the heron there are
three times as many, but heron feathen
by apparently honest saleswomen for gen
uine egrets. I have been on Fifth and
Madison avenues in New York, and It Is
seldom that I have seen first-class egret
plumes worn. I know, too that many of
the fashionable women whom I passed
thought they were wearing the best
egrets.
"You want to hear about how we hunt
egrets and herons? Well, we have to live
sn the outskirts of civilization when we
have canned foods and metal boxes for
our feathers and our ammunition in the
boats with us. We use the best shotguns
and No. 5 shot, which does effective work
without mangling the birds. An egret
hunter must be the foxiest kind of a
hunter.
"Talk about the artifice and skill of
duck or squirrel hunting! Why, both are
boy's play by the side of shooting, egrets
or herons for a living. These birds are
the most cautious and wary of any I have
ever known or heard of. I have known
herons to even desert a whole nest of
young because they- saw an old hat lying
near the reeds where the nejst had been
made and their suspicion* were thereby
roused. Egrets seem to almost smell the
presence of a man with a gun. I knotv
of no decoy that could be used for egrets
or herons, but even if it could once be
used that would be the last of that trick
In that locality, for by some sort of Free
masonry all the bird's family and cousins
for miles around would be warned of the
delusion.' .
"When we go out for a fortnight's or a
month's shoot we never leave our boats
Of egrets was suspicious vi ,yu 9 V s es<ja<:»
of an enemy.. . - ¦ • ' .--_¦ :
"The shores of the lagoon* of Central
America and the southern part of Mexico
abound in alligator while. all manner. of
pestiferous .stlnping flies, gnats and raos
•qultoes are in the. air. . We- have suffer
tortures from lnaect pests, and one of my
hunting men died In agony froin^th*
poison of- gnats several years ago. Wnen
we are on shore we have danger at nfznt
from the puma; or- mountain l.an. and
we always slee.p with -fiTes. burning -en -*!i
sides of out- camp. I brought up with me
on this trip to Los ; Angeles eleven^ puma
skins for sale to fur rug makers, i nave
lost several jackasses by the mountain
¦ -lions. One day I caught a lion In the very
act of attacking one of my donkeys. Tha
lion, which' Is simply- an enormous^cat.
. had sprung at the- soft, flabby neck of th<»
donkey, arid had torn- away the flesh.
preparatory to sucking the blood at ths
jugular vein. .
."Egrets and herons are. as you know.
of the crane family of birds- The egrtts
¦ are small, much like -the: bitterns and
boatbllls of the same family. Herons
tional eprrt hunter fey fcfccldent. Having
always loved a pun, he went hunting
while he was silver, mining along the
coast of Yucatan, during the winter of
1574. One day ho brought to camp sev
eral beautiful specimens of herons or
liincrns. He carefully packed away a
box of the -floest' feathers plucked from
The birds' carcasses. When he went home
to Ntw Orleans his sisters were delighted
with .thc'.r gift <<t the feathers. A local
milliner saw th<* Bennett girls' new
plumbs ar<j be wanted to buy the lot for
ITS.- • Th.it -si t Mr. Bennett to thinking.
He, knew wiure lie could pet hundreds
more lot» * i>.milar feathers,
"I cbntrnrml \vith a wholesale milliner
le% »"jrn!ali !i tn egret -plumes for a year."
mM Mr. Bennett** in rebitffig his experi
crif? recoiii y. "and then I set out -for
Yucatan. Of course, my business Is that
of a ccrr.rr."r. pot-hunt'ng; shooter. 1
dnn't apoiojdze t<ir ir. . but I do put as
much sportsmanship in .my work as pos
albte. ---¦¦•- ' .
."The first two.' years I was hunting
jflmvn in Yucatan and Honduras I cleared,
over and nb'V.o my expense* and my liv
ing, SOkw. but that was when th*re was
r.o one who coiMpoted with me in esrrt
hunting, except a lot of lazy, stupid.
drunken natives of Central America, and
there weie thousands of egrets more in
those days than now. On some days I
used :o Ret ea many as twenty egret's or
herons. :tnd I have never found uny oc
cupation so profitable as pettiner thirty
or so egrets a wrol: at about JJ each for
thr'r plumbs and fc-iithers.
•'Where Uo I hunt now? On the west
cc.-"-i oi Mf xico. near Tepic and Slnaloa.
X hunted for fifteen years in every part of
Central: America, and I had the natives
work lor me at limes, ho we. made the
Mrds mighty scarce dov/n there before
we pot through. I bejfan hunting down
in the Gulf cf California, and later In the
bays and lagoons on the Pacific Ocean
*i<je of Mexico in ISSS. and I believe there's
enough birds in that region to keep m«
trasjr p.s-- lone; ns ! care to stay by the
egret-hunting business. But everywhere
In the regions 1 have been and have ever
hf-nT'l about * rapidly growing scarcity cf
rgreis i.= evident. I am rure that In a
dcren year? or tr.orc, if tho fashion In
women's :.iiwinery prevails as now, there
rill r<» very few rgrets !eft on the v.-e.*t
ccasl of the whole western continent- 1
much a plume and so much for smaller
and discolored feathers. The Parisian
milliners, who. rule the ornamental
feather market of the world and make and
unmake all the fashions and create de
mands in our line of business, began to
buy egret and lueron feathers by the
ounce, and that practice was quickly fol
lowed by the New York and Philadelphia
ornamental- feather dealers. Under tho
McKlnley tariff law there was a duty of
10 per cent ad valorem on all my egret
feathers sent to New York, but now they
are admitted free of duty, and we hunters
get the 10 per cent difference. The price
for my feathers depends upon the con
dition of my stock and the manner and
place In which I market it. I have to take
reveral things into consideration in selling
a season's shooting of some $3000 or $1000
worth of egret feathers.
"If I >ro to the. City of Mexico and wait
for a buyer from Paris I may get $24 an
ounce for plumes and $9 an ounce for
"srret feathers. If I send the stock to
New York or San Francisco I sret $28 an
ounce for my plumes. If I am dealt with
fairly, ar.d from Sf* to $11 for the common
feathers. Years ago I used to have some
toujrh experiences with p'on>« of the
v.-hole»a!e feather dealers of New York,
but now that I have learned to know
my men and have made a reputation for
ray ¦wares I seldom *et cheated. Tn 18S4
I lost a whole season's harvest of feath
ers and plumes, amounting to $4500, be
cause of a rascally buyer In Philadelphia,
• "Soiled ejrret plumes and feathers ar«
dyed anil then used on millinery goods.
The least discoloration of the milky
whiteness of an egret plume will bring
its value down from 30 to 50 per cent.
¦\Yhcn a feather buyer looks over fin©
feathers he uses a magnifying glass anil
scrutinizes each plume with all the nicety
of a bird examining a nower. A back
ground of white Is always used with each
plume, co as to make the faintest ' dis
coloration moro perceptible. That Is the
time tha? a hunter or seller has ».o put
In his best bit of fine work, for a shrewd
buyer will find pome defoct in color,
shape or lilmlness In the •whole of a man's
stook and knock the price, down $100) or
more unless the seller raises n rumpus
at such proceedings and acts Independent.
A good season's harvest for one who Is
In the egret fenther business on the seal©
I am «s about fifty-five ounc?« of plumes
an J I3i cunccs cf small feathers. The
are worth less than half as much as egret
feathers. Tho experienced feather buy
ers know the. difference at a glance, and
many feet away, too. It Is useless to mix
heron and egret feathers together and try
to palm them oft on a buyer that knows
his business. A full-grown. egret will yield
about one-fourth of an ounce of feathers
and one-sixth of an ounce of plumes.
None of the other fenthera are touched,
and it takes much experience for a hunter
to know lust what will be marketable. All
the available egret plumes* are on the
bird's back. Just back of the tall, but the
heron nas marketable feathers on both
the back and the breast. We ' generally
reckon that an egret that la got without
damage to the feathers is worth about
$3 20 and each heron $135. Although- the
wholesale feather buyers are wonderfully
exacting and: share with the hunters -as
to. the different prices for the egret and
heron feathers, there Is almost universal
deception of the consumers and the gen
eral public. on these points. I have been
In first-elaas millinery stores in San Fran
cisco, New York and -other cities, and
have seen heron feathers and plumes sold
. go after these birds. For days and nights
at a time we make our home In little row
boats. I built canoe shape for fast t ravel
. Ing, and we lived among the marshes and
reeds of the lagoons and bays; under a
fierce. semi-tropic sky. It is the hardest
sort of life, and no one, however robust,
could keep It up for more than a few
months at a, time. The miasma of the
.water, and 4 . the 'poisonous atmosphere all
about us at night soon fills one's blood
with rheumatism" and fevers. We hunters
take our potion of quinine and whisky at
regular Intervals several times a day. We
' «ren for an hour. "We get our birds
either at early evening or at the first
break of day. We seldom get birds at
evening and then at the following dawn,
for at the report of a gun every egret or
heron: in the region flies 'straight away
and will not come back to that_partlcular
spot for four or live days. Even then
they return with wonderful caution. So
we move from one part of a bay or lagoon
-at midday, when the birds are off feeding
at. the shoals along tho shore. We get
our craft in position, one man In a boat,
before 4 p. m., and conceal ourselves
with reeds and foliage, just as ¦ duck
hunters do. Along about 5 or 6 o'clock
the birds come back to their nests and
camping grounds. . Then we . watch our
opportunity for shots, and by long expe
rience I have learned ¦ perfectly when it
comes. Just at the proper moment I will
shoot, and in a fraction of a second my
hired shooters will follow with their
guns. Generally I; can get three or four
successful shots at the frightened birds
before they are out of range, for they are
so easiiv frightened that they are power
less of flight for a moment and make good
targets of themselves. Sometimes we get
aa many as fifteen birds at one evening's
shooting, but moro . often . the number Is
seven or eight. Years ago. when egrets
and herons were very plentiful in Central
many shots before they got out or reach
When we have^delivered our volleys Tana
the unharmed birds have flown away we
row. about and gather the harvest Kx
treme care must be exercised to get the
feathers and. plumes as free as possible
from, discolored water or the stain of
weeda - 4V Ever y -week we have to throw
away, the carcass of an egret or heron
.because the' feathers or plumes are. blood
stained or twisted out of shape™
"After we have got our birds and have
picked the few feathers we want from
; each, we plan. another onslaught In an
other locality. If we are lucky we may
soon get located four or five miles away
'amid reeds and- foliage under covert of
darkness, so as to be ready . for more
shooting the next morning.* . We -row
about with rare caution, we seldom apeak
ln.loud tones, and we do not even smoke
when we are hunting, because of tne
extraordinary wariness of . the birds!
Many a time I, have lain in one position
for hours beneath my little roof of tulee
and rushes, because I saw that a flock
usually measure four feet -from bill to
tip of the tall. Their expanse of wings la
often seven feet, and they stand about
forty Inches high. Their weight la from
three to four pounds. The hunting sea
son for both egrets and herons begins In
February and closes In September. It Is
now at Its : very heisht. and I shall go
back down the coast In a few days to
resume shooting operations. After Au
gust the feathers of- herons and egrets
become coarse and hard and are in no
demand In the best markets. Both vari
eties of the birds are as white as snow so
far as I have ever seen.' but people from
Peru and Argentine Republic say they
have seen blue and red and even black
herons. Herons are slow of flight, and
like the cranes that are known all over
the world, they have a very graceful
dignified way of drawing their attenu
ated legs up under them and sailing away
to lofty eminences by an occasional flap
of their wings. The egretd are more fussy
and nervous* creatures. ¦ They are as
watchful as weasels, although one who
sees them for the first time would b*
v f ry «^ ap . t .,' to tnlnk e &ret3 dumb and
stupid, like ostriches. Both herons and
egrets feed on small, fish, frogs, and In
fects that they find close inshore. where
the birds may wade about in the marsh
and pick up their victims at will. The
egret s feathers are much more beautiful
and delicate than the heron's. All egret
plumes come from the back, and they
droop gracefully over the tail of the bird.
The heron prefers to make a nest in the
top of some tree along the edge of a bay
or a lagoon, or particularly on the upper
most part of a rock or promontory that
may rear itself up from an inland bay.
tgrets make nests among driftwood or
in a dry spot among rushes, accumulated
seaweed or brush in a lagoon as far from
shore as possible. ¦ Both varieties of birds
make nests of sticks and large twigs, and
both have been known to keep their
nests for several years at a time, al
though I myself have never been able to
observe that point because my advent in
a colony of the crane family means war
and death In short order. Egrets usually
lay six eggs and herons four. The ergs
or both are of a sea green hue. "A heron
doea not have its best feathers until It Is
ten months old. and the* plumes of an
egret are not worth |CS an ounce until
the bird is over a year old."
— —--=.- H. o. TTxgumu;for pleasure only, for it is rather a seri
ous consideration with him. It is on this
yacht, far from the noise and hum of the
city, that Mr. Fair becomes a very ordi
nary and very able seaman. When there
is work to be done aboard ship he is not
to be found wanting, for he can splice a
rope or stand a trick at the wheel with
the best of them. No mast is too high or
no sea too rough for him, and in conse
quence Mr. Fair's payroll shows one less
salary when Mr. Fair goes down to the
eea in his yacht.
Quite in contrast with Mr. Miller's
rough and ready work is Timothy Hop
kins* gentle pursuit of raising flowers.
The Hopkins nurseries are famous the
world over and quite monopolize the San
Francisco markets, but there are some
flowers more beautiful than ' the rest
which never po to markets to be pur
chased by those who can and be envied
by those who cannot. These are the ones
grown by Mr. Hopkins In person— ln his
private gardens, where everything from
the turning of the earth to their bring
ing up is done by the flower king him
self.
B^oonn of "Rafee violets 'as WSkm wen as the Greatest Expert.
VYealtiTy lYien Who Cam Throw a Steer, t : .-Jl1« Saw Wood? Dag a Postlliolle 9 naedlle a
verse to any kind of hard work. but. mind
you, taken from the standpoint of ever
cise only. It does not matter much what
the labor 13 so that it is work, and ex
ercise is needed. Mr. Magee has swum
to Goat Island and back asain and Mr.
Magee has rowed from San Francisco to
Alcatraz and Sausalito in an open boat,
but his great work is greater than any
of these labors— something which our
forefathers have been doing since the be
ginning—chopping wood. He goes at it
In true Gladstonian style, with strong
arms and determined brow.. He hews tha
mighty oaks .on his ranch- at ' FiultVale.
telling them to the ground and' chopping
them into stox-ewood size. Cord after cord
he has piled upon his ranch and the sup
ply is steadily increasing,. % Magee' a wood
is not to burn. It is to last' as a.imonu
inent to show in its subtle way -what ona
man may accomplish. So- you.' .who are
poor take heed, 'for- between chopping
wood in Fruitvale arid sawing wood in
San Francisco one man lias amassed a
fortune; go you and do likewise. "¦ ."'• '
Some of Our Millionaires Who Perform Manual Labor because They Enjoy It
THE SUNDAY CALL.
curiously. In the
last century la-
dles wore an ex
traordinary kind
of headdress call
ed "pouf," In
which the hair
was raised high
over horse hair
cushions, on the
principle of the
modern pompa
dour, ornamented
with - full-rigged
ships and other
grotesque designs.
In some instances
this unnatural in
flation had a spe
cial significance.
The Duch ease
d'Orleans, on her
first , appearance
at court after tha
birth of a son,
wore a pouf
which represent
ed, In gold and
enamel, a nur
sery, a baby, cra
dle, nurse : and
basket of play
things—a • verita
ble announcement
by the lady of
. what had hap
pened. Another
lady. Mad am a
d'Egemo nt, tha
daughter, of the
He makes a specialty of violets. The- :
bis;,' rosettelike, lavender ones - ara . tha
family pet«, but Mr. Hopkins la proudest
of tha big California ones, violets that he
Invented ; and first placed upon the • oar
ket.,v~ -¦/¦: v -.-... :<:.-: :¦¦¦ :.-¦ -.- :-¦¦ •?-.. -
i: Without < a doubt .: the > champion T all
around rich. man of all work is Thomas :
Magee of San Francisco.' Hs is net ad-
Due Rlchel 1c v.
after, ncr father had captured ; Fort
Mahon, wore in her pouf a little fortress
worked in . diamonds, ¦ with ' meclr-tnical
clockwork sentinels./ .The 'exaggerated
egotism of the pouf is the primary idea In
the .modern • application :ot 'the word— an
Inflated blast upon one's own trumpet.
Tho custom of advertising is probably as
ancient as* the earliest forms of clviliz*-
tooth drawing. Still more In the nature
of modern advertisement are various, an
nouncements scrawled in red letters on
the street walls. One of these announces
that "a bath and nine hundred shops be
longing to a certain lady named .Julia
Felix are to be let for five -years;" an
other "that on the ISth of May there will
be a show of gladiators In the theater,
which .will be covered In on that occa
sion," and a third announces that "Mu
nicius Pomfidlus Rufu9 will exhibit on
the 23th of October a combat of wild ¦
beasts." " • ' .
The modern newspaper has developed a
distinct system and demonstrated itself
to bo the greatest of all methods of pub
licity and has superseded that remarkabls
creature, the Town Crier or Parish Bea
dle, so admirably described by Dickens
in "Oliver Twist" and in. the "PlckwlclC
Papers." Portly and pompous, dressed In
a gold-laced uniform and cocked hat, with
a staff In ona hand and a bell in tha
other, .he was a "Public Functionary"
who would go through the streets of his
parish ringing his beir at Intervals and
proclaiming in a loud voice rewards for
the recovery of lost property, the date of
sales by auction and other similar, no
tices.
The ancient Greeks employed . town
criers, and it la a mode of. publicity la
Spain at the present time. The history of
modern advertising would be to a larga
extent the history of the newspaper, for
that was seized upon at the very first for
the purpose. The famous Dr. Johnson In
the fortieth number of the "Idler," says
of It: VGenius Is shown only by Inven
tion. The man who first took advantage
of the general curiosity excited by a siega
or a battle to betray the readers of news
Into the knowledge of the' shop where tha
best powder and puffs were to be sold was
undoubtedly a man of great sagacity and
profound skill in human nature." -
-_ , SYDNEY CHJDLET,
(I-WHERE is an old but true saying that
¦ I men must work and Women must
..J weep, which'dates quite back to the
. J^ time of the. "song of the shirt."
Bringing .this saying down to the
present . time we are. forced to the
.conclusroh that some men are born to
wc:.t; that Gthcrs have work thrust upon
thfm and that some don't work at all.
The latter class are either so blessed in
'th'!s= .-'world's poods that they can let the
world's poods -work for them, or
they. are born frd. reared from the cradle
tsp-vitb a. strong disinclination to w6rk,
other tfcan.to work some .one else.
Jt is generally supposed by those less
prosperous' that rich people never work
un'.ess they be. misers or skinflints— that
'.s. do the real thing— get out and hustle
take ofl! their coats and. so to speak,
chop wood, shovel gravel or put up. stoves.
This is a fallacy. The mere state of por
sessir.g. millions does not preclude tha pos
sibility, of manual labor on the part of
the possessor. Nearly all of the rich peo
ple work with their arms and legs as well
es with. their brains, unless they be Durse
proud or afflicted with the g,out. It !¦*
natural, "inborn, that man should struggle
for his existence. In epite of his diamonds,
riches, palaces, he cannot throw It off.
If we could look into the mansion of i.h«
rhiniojialre we would see him sewing on
a button on a Sunday morning or count
ing his laundry on a Monday night, just
like the rest of- us.
¦ W. A. Nevills, or, as he Is better known,
"Capv .Nevills'," the hero of numerous law
suits and several millions of dollars, is a
firm believer in the good results of work
— good, hard work of the muscular kind
which necessitates old clothes and blis
tered hands. Far up In the Sierras in Ne
vada County. Mr; Nevills owns the major
part of a mme — the Rawhide, known a*
the objective point of many lawsuit.-,
cross-complaints, demurrers and red tape.
To this mine Mr. Nevills repairs when he
lias the working fever strong upon him,
and here, from early morn until late at
r.ight.. attired in- the faded overalls and
blue: flannel shirt of the miner, he use*
the pick and shovel and pushes the traM
car. He shows his men by his examv-le
what work really is, and that a man Is a
man in. epite of the burden of wealth.
Down In Kern County, where there are
.miles- and miles of open stretch, where
there is not a hill, a bush or a tree, only
the vast expanse of dry* grass, with the
heat of the sun simmering In waves above
it. is where Henry Miller, the cattle kins,
puts in his leisure hours. Mounted on a
little square-built, fuzzy-maned broncho;
lightly girthed with a saddle of the sood
old Mexican type, with flowing taps, bi*
>.orn and high back. Miller makes hlm-
Velf one of the boys, and stands well up
with them, in the manner of handling the
lasso or throwing a steer. On a round-up
there are few who can outride him, and
he knows every acre of his vast domain.
This cattle king, many times a millionaire,
the owner of cattle ranges which, if put
together, would form such an estate that
it would take a man on horseback an en
tire week tog o around it, goes out under
'the' burning sun and on the arid plains
like the lowest salaried man in his em
ploy.: . : . • . ' •;' ¦.¦¦¦_';¦'-.
The city of. Sacramento floated tomt
bond* once. Some $500,000 worth— that is,
the figures on the bonds said that they
yere worth that much, but no one be
lieved it. and so the bonds lay dormant
for some time. A' roan chanced along on©
day and bought up all of them for a song
and sold them again fcr a whole opera
season, co to speak. This man was one
Sam Davis of San Francisco, millionaire
real estate owner and now and then Jani
tor. Mr. Davis owns much property here
abouts—old office buildings and tene
ments.
Janitors rre not such ethereal beings as
tome people would have us believe. They
pet tick, die. or quit, and when they do
Mr. Davis adopts the broom and dustpan,
polishes up the brasswork and mops th«
ctalrs. It's good exercise, Mr. Davis says,
and he enjoys it, as it makes him strong
and healthy, and besides— Janitors come
high.
Perhaps there is not a more unique char-
a.';ter among the wealthy than General
John Eidwell at Chlco. First of pioneers,
philanthropist and proprietor of the
largest almond and cherry orchards in
the world. The snows of winter have set
tled upon his head, but he is yet hale and
hearty, going about his vast orchard*
and seeing that what is done is done well.
Oeneral Bidwell is an expert when it
comes to setting out an orchard. Not only
is he an expert from the theoretical
standpoint but also from the practical.
for a tree hole is a tree hole and has to
be Just 60. according to the general's Idea,
atid no one understands digging one bet
ter than himself; accordingly he oftea
peels or? bis coat and shovel in hand digs
a tree hole, which any eel f-res pec ting tree
will admit to be of the very finest.
From being the proprietor of a famous
hotel to being a dealer In refuse firewood
Is somewhat of an inverse evolution. E.
J. Baldwin, otherwise known as "Lucky"
cr "Unlucky," went through such an evo
lution after the famous hotel named after
him was burned down. There was much
wood left upon the scene of the fire, and
Baldwin straightway set about getting
rid of it. He did not leave its disposal to
any outside party, but took charge of It
himself. Soon after the fire— after the
smoldering embers had died out and the
firemen had . gone away— Lucky Baldwin
might be Been In blackened overalls, with
sleeves rolled up, shoveling among the
debris and loading charred timbers upon
wagons. "Lucky" Baldwin looked very
commonplace beside the rest of the labor
ers, and no one passing by would havi
supposed that the owner of the 12,000,000
lot was working with the common herd.
It is not generally known, but yet It Is
a fact, that Charley Fair is not abov*
working. Yes, real. hard, muscular work.
One would not think co to look at him,
but he does work, sometimes until his
hands get all black and mussy with tar
and oakum and the perspiration falls In
large drops upon the deck, for Mr. . Fair
Is essentially a yachtsman. He has owned
everything in the yachting line from a
floating bathtub to a double-deck gasoline
yacht. He has all the choice nautical
talk, such as "heave to." "starboard tack"
and "open another bot," at his tongue's
end. Mr. Fair does not have his yacht
History of the Custom of Advertising
Advertising is an amazing factor in mod
ern life, with the most far reaching and
unsuspected influences. Language even
has been enriched by word coinage and
phrases made familiar by that means.
tlon, or at least as old as the art of writ
ing. All increase of settled population has
a tendency to Increase the necessity... for
conveying Information or commands In
some general and public, way rather than
Some years ago a fruit cannery indus
triously announced "real jam"; the sport
ing fraternity recognized that "real jam"
was a "good thing," and adopted tne
phrase In the sense of easy victory or
profitable venture.
The converse adoption of the word
"puff" as indicating a newspaper para
graph of praise originated in France, ard
to Individuals. The promulgation of laws
and the orders of tribal or national lead
ers would naturally be best- communi
cated by a notice posted at some point
where all would see- it; such as a public
well, at the gate of a city or at soma
prominent stop, on a highway. Th« Cehls
tan stone, with ita triple - inscription in
Persian, Median and Assyrian, which af
forded the key to the cuneiform writings
of Assyria, was an announcement of this
character. It was a formal declaration
to all his subjects by King Darius of his
suppression of a Babylonian rebellion and
the crucifixion of the ringleaders, of tha
restoration of the old priesthood : with- tha
religious rites and chants and the procla
mation of himself as King over one hun
dred and twenty-seven countries, "by- the.
grace of Ormazd"— l. c., "the great princi
ple of light." : " ' v - • .
The book of Esther furnishes another
Instance of public announcement, but in
the form of circular letters, and the oc
casion is also Interesting as the' germ, of
a postal system earlier than the Egyptian
dynasties. The steps taken by . Krns
Ahasuerua to protect the Jewish people
from slaughter, was by letters sent by
"posts on horseback .and riders on mules,
camels and young • dromedaries" to onei
hundred and twenty-seven provinces,, and
"tho copy of the writing for a command
ment to be given in every province wa3
published unto all people."
The original and root meaning of. tha
word advertise i 3 to warn, and doubtless
most of the earliest examples were of that
nature— warnings ' against danger - or
against breaches of ' the laws. ' Tha
decree of King Darius that "la
every dominion of his kingdom men
should trsmble and fear before the God of
Daniel," which ho "wrote unto all people,
nations and languages-' that dwell in; all
the earth," has that primary meaning.
The ruins of Pompeii, after being buried
for nearly two thousand years, have dis
closed some Interesting examples of early
advertisements. Painted signs ara visible
In the silent city; the . wineshops are
marked by rudely executed combats of
gladiators, the mill and oven shows tha
bakers' shops, the drug store hang 3 out
the serpent of -Esculaplus and the sur-
««nn exhibits a painting illustrative of
7pathy." . . •
'Bird Lore (the Macmlllan Company) for
February, the first number of volume 11,
publishes a -list of over fifty prominent
ornithologists, residing throughout the
United States and Canada, who have con
sented to assist students of birds by re
sponding to their requests for, Informa
tion. The same issue also contains an
obituary and full-page plate of the late
Elliott Coves; "Methods of Teaching Or
nithology at Oberlin College," j "Every
day Study of Birds for Busy People,"
"Where the Grebe Skins Come From,"
Abbott Thayer's "Appeal to Bird Lovers"
and other articles and illustrations of in
terest to bird lovers.
There Is a striking resemblance between
the .latest years of the life of Goethe and
those of :Herbert Spencer. Goethe died at
83, and spent the last three years of his
life in revising and giving the final
touches to a complete edition of his own
works. Herbert Spencer Is now 80, and
since the publication of his last volume,
over two years. ago. has devoted his time
to making Tsuch changes in'hla writings
as will conform . them to the discoveries
and advancement of -scientific research
made.inahe years intervening since the
publication of his volumes. Few men have
been permitted so fully, to round off and
complete a- literary career. Generally the
work of an author, like that of most other
men, is cut short: by, death, and that
writer^is singularly. fortunate who is able
in. the .maturity of his experience to give
his works that 'form in which he desires
them to descend to posterity.
His stories of "Jewish life have brought
upon^the head of theumlucky Zangwlll a
storm of Indignation," his fellow religion
ists complaining bitterly that he- has mis
represented the spirit' of modern Judaism,
tbatjlt Is no longer 'a rule of letter and
ceremony, but a faith. of the heart and a
guide [of life. The "poet novelist Is taken
severely to task Vbyi not :a . few learned
rabbis, who declare that, instead of a pho
tograph of Judaism, he has presented a
"caricature. . Rabbi ; Schulman . writing " in
; a ; Jewish periodical,- says. In ~ substance,
that Zangwlll ; has . misrepresented Juda
. ism, .because .he has. no sympathy with
the : enlightened movement of spiritual
emancipation carried on by the leaders of
Virelnla-the eu.iV,™. tn, people. tn«
wild life of the- woods— all ihow the
hand of a poetess. . From a historical
point of view the book Is -accurate and
gives a most charming pen picture of the
earliest colonial times, long dead— a ; field
most rich In material for historic; flction
and whlch.lt seems strange has never
been entered before. * . ¦ •
Miss Johnston " took a daring step in
founding a romance upon the incidents
attending the landing, of a - shipload of
matrimonially inclined servant girls upon
the shores of America— the Idea was *> a
droll one, and admitting of great possi
bilities, but in a less surer hand; could
have been turned into a dismal 'failure.
Hardly a theme for idyllic treatment, but
the glamour of those "early 'days has
been so beautifully interwoven through
out that a dramatic narrative is given a
brilliant setting.
It would make an excellent story !; for
dramatization, and it is said. that Miss
Johnston wrote with that point in mind:
Miss Johnston reached her thirtieth
birthday last November, so we may hope
for much more' stories from her. peri." At
present she lives "In Birmingham.- Ala
bama, . but was bom: in Virginia, • which
accounts In part for her enthusiastic and
charming descriptions of Virginian scen
ery. She lost her mother some 'ten years
ago and since that time; has had the en
tire charge of a large family of brothers
and sisters. "I am a , busy .woman," she
wrote to a friend, "with many interests
and responsibilities, and frail health, and
my ' writing is largely in the nature ; of
fancy work, to be picked up at odd mo
ments when nothing ': more : pressing • en-
Itch middle-clan life of which ao ] many
are printed and which in construction and
often in plot bear so close a. resemblance
to one another.- However.^ln the 'case of
this book variety Is lent by the Introduc
tion of a quondam. Roman Catholic prtest
who abjures his faith in order to marry
the heroine.
The interest of. the book centers in the
difference in the view of marriage held by
the ' ex-priest; and,' by \ his ; wife— views
which are Irreconcilable not only from the
difference : in .; character and education of
husband and wife, j but, partly, | perhaps,
from the fact that the wife has a friend
whose views on this and on other subjects
coincide more nearly with her. own. ;
The novel Is filled with-dialogueslntend
ed to; be. epigrammatic ' and; clever, but,
which at times, comes perilously near be
ing stupid. The book isiworth an hour's
reading on a summer afternoon. , (G..P.
Putnam's Sons, N. Y. and London.. 50
cents.) • . -«
..'/--¦¦¦ . .'.'.' * ¦ - - ' ¦ - .
Overheard by the Book worm.
Booth Tarkington. -In \ explaining for : a
literary magazine his object in
"The Gentleman From Indiana,'.' gives a
valuable hint to other story writers. He
says: - " 'The Gentleman ", from ¦ Indiana*
was written in the belief that in the very
homeliest and most out-of-the way little
'middle Western' - country j town | one X may
find " not only romance - : and , ¦ unexpected
loveliness, but also the 'concerning dem
ocracy' of .the country— and a great ideal
of goodness', and : American sense."- If
writers 'would be ; content ' to seek ! In .the
home and the. dally life' of the people sub
jects and material for. their sketches they
pnblianer*, , Messrs. Harper & Brother*,
announce that the book has rone into Its
eighth edition. Unlike "David Harum"
and "Richard Carvel." Miss Cholmonde
ley's story did not have to wait for recog
nition. Its popularity was instantaneous,
and is apparently to be of long duration.
The Contury Company Is printing a
large new edition of "Hugh Wynne."The
steadiness with which Dr. Weir Mitch
ell's romance of the American, Revolution
'continues to sell after It has been for
more than two years on the market. Indi
cates that it Is likely to become, as many
have predicted, a permanent addition to
historical flction. .
Dodd. Mead & Co. announce for.ear.-.
-publication Albert Stickney's | monograph
¦' on ; the ! Boer war. "The Transvaal : Out
look." The work will contain five; mapc.
The continued popularity of "David Ha
rum" is indicated. by the Increasing inj
ures, which are said now to have reached
425,000. -¦ . ' . ' ¦_¦
That the verse of Edward Rowland Sill
has- taken; a. foremost and permanent
place In American poetry, now seems'cer
. tain. . Every, anthology of American met
rical composition", includes : specimens' of
; his verses, the' 1 "Fool's ' Prayer" being no
• tably a' favorite forjthls use. Since the
poet's death; In 1887,' the volumes of his
verse ; have ' had a sale which " constitutes
, a disproof i of the ; frequently ; heard asser
tion:thatilnterest";ln poetry Is declining.
It ;is ! probably ' more 'correct to -say \ that
taste In verse ; Is rising, and : that the
- "boudoir ' poet" *Is no longer In favor.
against myself for that unlucky throw:
anger most of all against the woman who
had so cozened me. In Jhe servants' huts,
a hundred yard 3 away, lights were still
burning, against rule, for the hour was
late. Glad that there was something thai
1 could rail out against. I strode down
upon the men and caught them assembled
in Diccon's cabin, dicing for to-morrow's
rum When I had struck out the lisht
with my rapier and rated the rogues to *
their "several quarters I went back
through the gathering storm to the
brightly lit. flower-decked room and to
Mistress Percy.
She was still kneeling, her hands at her
breast, and Jier eyes, wide and dark, fixed
upon the blackness without the open door.
I went up to her and took her by the
hand. • . ,
"I am a gentleman, madam. I earn.
"You need have no fear of me. I pray
you to rise."
She stood up at that, and her breath
came hurriedly through her parted lips,
but she did not speak. f>
"It grows late, and you must be weary,
I continued. "Your room is yonder. I
trust that you will sleep well. Good
night."
I bowed low and she curtsied to me.
"Good-night." she said.
On her way to the door she brushed
against the rack wherein hung my ..ca
pons. Among them was a small dagger.
Her quick eye caught its gleam, and I
taw her press closer to the wall and with
her right hand Btrlve stealthily to detach
the blade from its fastening. She did not
understand the trick. Her hand dropped
to her side and she was passing on. when
I crossed the room, loosened the dagger ¦
and offered it to. her with a smile and
a bow. She flushed scarlet and bit her
lips, but she took It.
"There are bars to the door within," I
eaid. "Again good-night."
"Good-night." she answered, and enter
ing the room she shut the door. A mo
ment more and I heard the heavy bari
drop Into place. -.', s
Lord Carnal, who Is the King's reigning
favorite, suddenly appears at Jamestown,
seeking his lost flancee, and with the
King's consent to carry her by force, if
necessary, to England. Unfortunately
Percy and Jocelyn are In Jamestown and
she is at once recognized by Carnal.
Through colonial red tape, however, he is
prevented from taking her away until a
ship can co to England and return with
the King's commands direct to the com
pany itself. Meantime the unloving mar
ried pair are kept under surveillance in
Jamestown. From here on incidents crowd
upon each other with startling rapidity.
The Governor's guards arrive Just in time
to prevcnt'Percy from killing Lord Carnal
In a duel. An Indian outbreak Is threat
ened, which calls Captain Percy away
from Jocelyn's side. He leaves her in the
charge of his man Dlccon, a fellow wnose
life he had once saved. Diccon proves
false to the trust, though* unwittingly,
and the result is that both he and Joce
lyn are captured by the emissaries of Lord
Carnal. Captain Percy appears on the
scene and makes a brilliant, rescue. -He -
punishes Diccon, who In turn attempts to
kill his master but fails, and is given hla
release from servitude, but appears again
to render Percy great services in the try-
Ing events which follow. Lord Carnal is
still busy with his plots and the oddly
wedded pair are kept In a constant whirl
of adventure. .. >
Finally word comes from Kngland that
Captain Percy and his wife are to be
taken back to London, where the mar
riage will be annulled and the King's
ward will be given to Lord Carnal. As a
last reeort Jocelyn and Percy determine
to make their escape by a email sailing
boat to come northern settlement and
By B. G. Lathrop.
THIS Is iradou'btedly th* day cr the
historical novel, with preference
from aa 'American standpoint for
* Fii'ojccts oeallus with t>ur own coun
try. M ; />-'s Mary Johnston's boo!;. "To
HMve-MO 1 to Hold." which has been np
pcarlr.s serially in the Atlantic Monthly.
Is a novel of this class Hint will rank well
with any of the his-torical novtl? of the
hour ar.l whoso popularity sliould rival
that of "Janlca Mer:dith." Miss Johnston
basra story to fell an«i tell* it well.
Th?nl;-i to i!:e enterprise of the publish
ers'. if thfe-^y a penius i* siot lons undis
covered. Their office telescope Is kept
COBStXCll'r an watch to locate in the Ht
erary firmament sr.m* rew star brighter
than the rest. When Miss Johnstons
ftory "TN? Prisoner* el Hope" was re
ceived by the publishers it was rccog
r.izcd : ct 0r..-r ax coa&ng trcoa the pen of
ore endowed with more than ordinary
eb!iJ;v snU was BO 'accepted by the pub
lic "To Have and to Hold" Is a story
that will n-.ert with *vcn greater favor.
The hock is tilled with drr.tn.itic incident
and *irouz. thrfUlng situation^. It shows
the masculine rather than the feminine
touch. The characters are weU-drawn—
human, ar.d impress a lasting sense of in
dividuality.:- The ::tory. is told by the hero
hhasclf a mar. with all the wii and dash
cf a D'Artasnan. : anVl; yet a typical
American. Borne =toay Jjaiibly find a lack
rf ¦•• sentimentality in the tale, but this
very absence r>f espresstons of cevotion
rather flreng'.hens than detracts and the
loveelory rnnjjtnr through is thereby but
made the Btrpneer.' Ht.ts a story of a
ctrobc man ay.d a Ptror.j woman, whose
ratslons are set ar.d .deep, possessing the
jesting qualities of >t t -rn natures not
given to idle words, but rather to the de
votional dee«l3 of self-sacrifice.
The tale- relate*' of the early colonial
dajs of Id. when a Shipload" of maid*,
-fair and chaste; bat meanly horn." was
irr.t to Use Virginia* from England to ha
eol£ at Expounds "«f tobacco for a wife.
<-3r:ajn Etalpjh Pcrcyi a confirmed bache
lor, but on* r>f th\ colonies' best warr'or*.
Ihroncb 80-idle whim, throw.* dice to de
cide whether lie shall buy a wife or no.
The throw decides "yes." po he proceeds
to Jamestown! where the sale is to take
place. It *c.cms that amors the wwi'ii
who have come over to America is Joc<s
l>n Ixigh. a lady of noble birth, and thi
ward of the King. She has accept?a ths
dangerous adventure In order to avoid en
a::;an.-e with Lord Corral; a favorite of
The KiTip. and ¦ man she heartily hato-.
80, ur.der an aspumed name, she appear!
on' the Hst of plisible maidens. bzvUnf
hoped to die upon the trip or In any event
acceptiaS any late as preferable- to a lif'i
with the m.-!n she hates and despises.
Captain Per.y is at once attracted to
Jnclyn by her great beauty and distin
eulsbcd bearing. He saves her from In
suit, and in her distress fhe consents to
marry -hint They are legally wedded and
return to his home. Here it is. occurs one
of the Ftr«npest ecents in the book, the
understanding between Jocelyn and
Fercy.
"You have something to say." I said.
"I ara quite at your command." and I
vent and leant i against the chimney
piece.
The low fire upon the hearth burned
lower rtfll before ehe broke the sl
lence. When she did speak it was slowly,
end with a voice which m evidently con
trolled onlr b» a lons effort of a str-.n*
vill- £be faid:
•¦YVhen-yesterday. to-day, ten thousand
years ag"— you went from this horrible
Eocfest-4own to that wretched village yon
der, to those huts that make your L«.:i
c"«n you went to buy you a wifeT
' "Yes. ma.dan»." I_ answered. "I went
with that intention."
y>u had made your calculation? In
vnur mind you had pitched upon f=uch ami
£UCb an article, with such and such qual
ities as desirable? Doubtless you meant
to set your moneys worth?"
-Doubtless." I eaid dryly.
¦¦¦••Will you tell me what you were in
clined to" consider its equivalent?"
I stared at her. much Inclined to laugh.
The Interview, promised to be interesting:.
"Iwxtit to Jamestown to Ret me a wife."
1 paid at lenffth. "because I had pledged
ir.y word that I would do so. I was not
oversnxbous. I- did riot run all the way.
But. as you Fay. I intended to do the best
I -could for myself: one hundred and twen
ty pounds of tobacco being a considerable
Yum. and not to be lightly, thrown. away.
I went to look for a mistress for my
house, a companion for my Idle hour?, a
ropy, humble.- decile lass, with no aspira
tions beyond cleanliness and pood temper,
who was to order my household and make
vn? a horn*. 1 was to he her head and
Virr law, but slfo her Eword and shield.
That is what I Went to look for."
"Arid you found— me!" she eald, and
broke Into strange laughter.
I bowed.
"In God's name, why did you not go
further?" '.'
I Fuppo'e flic saw In my face why I
went no further, for Into her own the
color came flaming.
"I am not what I seem!" she cried out.
"I was not in that company of choice!"
I hewed again. "You have no need to
tell me tha.t. madam." I eaid. "I have
eyes. I desire to know- why you were
th*"re at all. and why you married me."
Fhe turned from me. until I could see
nothing but the colled wealth of her hair
andth* bit of white neck between it and
the ruflf. We etood so In silence, she with
bent head and lingers clasping and un
clasping. I leaning against the wall and
ftaiing at her, for what seemed a long
time. At least T had time to grow im
patient, when she faced me again, and all
my irritation vanished In a gasp of ad
miration. . .
Oh. the was beautiful; and of a swect
nePß most alluring and fatal! Had Medea
•wem fuch a look, sure Jason had quite
forgot '-the fleece, and with those eye*
Circe had needed no other charm to make
men whst she would. Her voice, when
the rpoke, was no lonper imperious; It
¦was low, pleading music And Ehe held
out entreating hands.
"Have pity on me." ehe said. "Listen
kindly, and have pity on me. You are a
etrong man and wear a sword. You can
cut your way through trouble arid periL
I. am a woman, weak, friendlcs:«, help
less. J wa,s in distress and peril, and I
had no arm to pave, no Knight to flght
my battle. I do not love deceit. Ah, do
not think I nave not hated myself for' the
lie 1 have been. Hut these forest crea
tures that you take— will they not bite
against spring and .share? Are they scru
pulous as to how they free themselves? 1
too was in th« toils of the hunter, and I
too was not scrupulous. There was a
thing, of which I stood In danger that
would have been bitterer to me, a thou
cand times, tnan death. 1 had but one
thought— to escape; how. I did not care
only to escape. I had a waiting woman
named- Patience Worth. One nipht she
came to roe; weeping.- She had wearied of
eervice. arid had signed to go to Virginia
as one of Sir Edwyn Sandys' maids, and
at th» last moment her heart had failed
her. There fcad been pressure brought to
bear upon me that day— l had been
angered to the very soul. I sent her away
with a heavy bribe, and In her dress and
under her name I fled from— l : went
aboard that ship. No' one guessed that 1
was not the Patience Worth to whose
name I answered. No one knows now —
cone but you, none but you."
'.'And why am I so honored, madam?" I
raid bluntly. finS
6be crimsoned, then went white again.
Ehe was trembling through her whole
frame. At last she broke out: "I am not
of that crew that came to marry! To me
THE SUNDAY CALL.
A Hew Historical Novel and Other Books That Will prove Interesting.
modern reform, the movement which has
freed woman and made her the equal of
her brother and her husband in tlie syn
agogue, "h : l': ¦ ¦ .'-'.
The Magazines.
Everybody's Magazine for March con
tains an article by G. W. Winterburn. M.
D.. entitled "A Glimpse of the Germ
World," which puts the microbe world in
a new light— that is. from the standpoint
of good they do the human race, and not
in the light of a plague to man. There la !
also presented the first of a series of ar
ticles on "Great American Industries,"
namely, "The Silk Industry In America."
by Theodore Tracy. BesldC3 a number, of
short stories (here are- some cle.ver -half
tones of snap-shot Interviews, and picture
paragraphs on up-to-date subjects rather
out of the ordinary. . . • .
East and West for March contains
some charming verses and short" stories
that will be enjoyed by those who wish to
while away a few hours in light reading;
also an article by , William Aspenwall
Bradley on "Paola and Francesca" that
will be perused with Interest by those
who delight In the verse of the Eoell»n
poet, Stephen Phillips.
The March St. Nicholas has Its usual
quota of good 'reading for the young peo
ple, combined with interesting illustra
tions. An article that will be read -with
. zest by our young Calif ornians appears
under 'the title of "Storm-Bound Abova
the Clouds." by Erigadier General Fred
erick Fi'nston. It Is a story of General
Funston's own personal adventure, moun
tain-climbing amid snow and Ice. and ap
peared in the St. Nicholas for July, IS3I,
but has been reprinted this month by spe
cial request. xi, ...;¦.,' . .
The March Scrlbner 13 out, with a con
. eplcuous article on the Boer war — a de
tailed account of the fighting with
Methuen's division, illustrated with tha
author's photographs. The contents In
clude a continuation of Roosevelt's art
tide. "Oliver Cromwell"; J. M. Barrlea
serial. "Tommy and Grizel"; an Interest
ing article on "New York at Night ' by
James B. Carrlngton. with some splendid
half-tone reproductions of the author's
own. photographs; Edith Wharton'a
novel." "The Touchstone." which con
cludes In' April, and an article on "The
Renaissance of Landscape Architecture."
with a plan based on Bacon's essay by
George F. Pentecost Jr. : ¦
The many who have enjoyed Ernest
Beton-Thompson's "Wild Animals I Hava
Known." "The Biography of a Grizzly"
• and other charming tales. of animal HJe.
will read with Interest his article In th*
March Century on "The National 'Zoo* at
Washington." in which he shows wild
animals to be as interesting in captivity
as In their natural state of freedom.' Th<»
article Is Illustrated with Mr. Seton-
Thompson's own clever drawings. A
serial by Dr. Weir Mitchell is begun In
this number and is said to be an even
better story than hi 3 popular "Hugh
Wynne." Other features are: "A Stud'/
of Robert Herrick." by Thomas Bailey
Aldrich: "Paris of the Faubourg 3." by
Richard Whiting: "The Giant Indians of
Tierra del Fuego," by Frederick A. Cook;
a continuation of John Morley's "Study of
Oliver Cromwell" and also another In
teresting paper on "Talks with Napo
leon." from O'Mea'ra's newly discovered
St. Helena diaries— the possibilities of
escape being one of the questions con
sidered. The composer iloszkowakt
writes of "The Composer Meyerbeer";
Captain Sloctim gives the lines and meas
urements of his famous sloop, the- Spray:
11. Phclps Whltmarsh describes ."'A Mid
winter Tramp" in hot weather from San
tiago to Ha%-ana; Alexander Hum& Ford
writes of a matter of great timely Inter
est "The Warfare cf Railways in Asia";
fiction is furnished by H. B. Fuller.. Cath
arine Tung Glen and Eva Wilder Brod
head: poetry by John Burroughs. R. 11.
Stoddard. J. V. Cheney. Arlo. Bates and
others, and Cole's "Old English Masters
are Turner's "Dido Building Carthago"
(frontispiece) and "The Fighting Temer-
Californians will read with Interest Pro
fessor Joseph Le Conte's article entitled
"A Century of Geology." which concludes
In the March number of Appleton's Popu
lar Science Monthly. Besides this the
contents include: "The Transplantation of
a Race." by N. S. Shaler. dean of tha
scientific school of Harvard University;
"Modern City Roadways." by. Nelson P.
Lewis. Engineer of Highways, borough
of Brooklyn: an Illustrated article by-
Samuel G. Smith. LL.D.. on "Typical
Criminals." and besides other popularly
scientific papers an article by E. W.
Scripture, director of the psychological
laboratory. Yale University, on "Cross-
Education." a psychological theory well
worth investigating.
Among other readable articles la Mc-
Clure's for March Is a study of the author
of "Cyrano," by Cleveland Moffett. It ra
lates. particularly to Edmond Rostand's
personality and methods of writing. Thera
Is also given 'The Voyage of the De
stroyer From New York to- Brazil." by
Captain. Joshua Slocum, better known as
the man who took a trip around the world
alone In a small yacht. The contents also
Include a continuation of "The Life of tha
Master." by Rev. John Watson. D.D..
author of "Beside the Bonnlo Briar
Bush." . V-.
Hon. Richard Olney's paper on the
"Growth of Our Foreign Policy," In the
March Atlantic, will greatly help to clear
up the new problems arising out of our
foreign relations. Mr. Olney discusses our
new duties, now that we are an' Aslatlo
as well as a purely American empire;
what changes must be expected In regard
to foreign relations, alliances, etc: and
the necessary enlargement and Improve
ment of our army, navy and diplomats
agencies. • He considers the Spanish war
as having been but one step In the neces
sary changes resultant upon our gradu
ally assuming that place In the family of
nations which commercial and national
development have rendered Inevitable.
Books Received.
"A History of the Spanish-American •
War" by Richard H. Tlthertngton. D.
ADPleton & Co.. New York. Jl5O. .
••By the Marshes of Mlnas." by Charles
G D Roberts. Silver. Burdett A Co.,
Boston. New York and Chicago. $125. -.
"Chants for the Boer." by Joaqum Zl'.h
ler. The Whltaker & Ray Co.. San Fraa-
C '"Tne Man of Galilee." by Frank. W.
Gunsaulus. D.D. The Monarch Book
Company. Chicago and Philadelphia. $2 75.
•The Lovely Malincourt." by Helen
Mathers. Charles H. Sergei Company,
Chicago. $123.
"Indian Story and Song From North •
America." by Alice C. Fletcher. Small,
Maynard & Co.. Boston. $150. - -
"Mary Paget." by Minna Smith." The
Macmillan Company, Englewood, N. J.
$1 50. ' "
••Bird Lore," edited by Frank M: Chap
man. ' The Macmillan Company.- Engle
wcod. N. J. -"0 cents.
"Corporation Accounting and Corpora
tion Law," by J. J. Kahili. Fresno. Cal. $3.
"The Beacon . Biographies — Thomas
Paine." by F.llery Sedgwick. Small. May
nard & Co. . Boston. 7S cents. . " .
•;The Priest's Marriage," by* Nora'
Vynne. G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York .
and London. 50 cents. \ .'
"At Start and Finish," by William Lir.rT- ¦
sey. Small. Maynard & Co.. Eo3ton. $125.'
"High by Lawrence L. Lynch.
Laird '&' Lee, Chicago. .. . *
"Sword .and Cross." by Charles Eugene
Banks.: Rand. McNally & Co., v Chicago '
andiNew York. '; $123.- - ¦ ¦¦'¦
•/Nathan Hale.", by Clyde Fitch. R. H.
Russell, New York.
"Undine," by De La.Motte Fouqae. Ca»
sell & Co., New York. 10 cents. . • - ¦'
you are the veriest stranger— you are but
th* h3::d at which I caught to draw my
pelf from a pit that had been digged for
me. It was my hope that this hour would
never conic. When I fled, mad for escape,
willing' to dare anything but that which
I I<eft behind. I thought, 'I may die before
that ship with its shameless cargo sets
rail.' When the ship set sail and we met
with storrr.y weather and there was much
sslckness aboard. 1 thought. 'I may drown
or I rsiny die of the fever.' When, this
afternoon. I lay there in the boat, coming
up tins dreadful river through the Rlare
rf the lightning, and you thought I slept.
I v.as thinking. 'The bolts may strike mo
yet and all will be well.' I prayed for
that der.th. but the storm passed. I am
not without shame. I know that you
mrst think all ill of me. that you must
fee! yourself pulled and cheated. I am
Ferry— that is all I can say— l am sorry.
I ani your wife— l was married to you to
day—but I know you not and love you not.
I ask you to hold me as I hold myself, a
Euest In your house— notht-ng more. I am
oulte at your mercy. I am entirely friend
less, entirely alone. I appeal to your gen
erosity, to your honor."
Before I cculd prevent her she was
kneeling to me and she would not rise,
though I bade her do so. ¦
I wont to the door, unbarred It and
looked out into the nicht. for the air
within the room stifled me. It was not
much bettor outside. The clouds had
gathered again and were now hanging
thick ar.d low. From the distance came a
ruxr.ble of thunder and the whole nlcht
was dv.l. heavy and breathless. Hot
anger possessed me— anger against Haifa
for suggesting this th'ng to me; anger
throw themselves upon the mercy of the
Dutch. They succeed in getting away
from Jamestown, but through a remark -
ab!e chance are obliscd to take Lord Car
nal with them as prisoner. The -position
is a strange one and is commented upon
by Percy as follows:
"The minister who had been a player,
the rival who would have poisoned me,
the servant who would have stabbed me,
the wife who was wife in name only
mine were strange shipmates."
Then occurs the most improbable part
of the tale. They are wrecked t upon a
desert island, fall in with pirates aiid Cap
tain Percy becomes their leader. To tell
this fact alone gives a most fairy
tale effect to the plot of the story, but
as It is explained by Miss Johnston and
worked out with the greatest care for
every detail it seems the most natural
thing in the world. Their subsequent cap
ture by a British ship, the return of Percy.
Jocelyn and Carnal to Jamestown, the
trouble with the Indians and subsequent
effect upon the principals of the story
should all be read in the author's own
words to be appreciated. It would be
marring the reader's enjoyment of the
tale to hint at the final culmination of the
plot here.
• • •
The descriptions of picturesque Colonial
gages .my attention." Rather clever
"fancy work" she does, too! (Houghton,
Mifflin & Co., Boston and New York.)
. .; * -. . •- '
"Spanish Peggy"
"Spanish ; Peggy." by Mary Hartwell
Catherwood, is a well told and interesting
short story "of early Illinois life. Abra
ham Lincoln and Richard Yates, after
ward War Governor of Illinois, appear as
the defenders! and protectors of a young
Spanish girl, who has been adopted by an
old Indian.' Even within the brief Ilmlt3
of the little book room is found for, vivid
dramatic realization of a large number of
characters. The purpose of the book is in
large part to give a picture of the whole
pome, rough, and heroic life of "Young
Illinois"; in part to give a view of Lin
coln displaying his great tender nature
even in youth. The book appears to rest
on some historical basis. It would have
been a" kindness to have -informed the
reader just how complete this basis is. It
Is certainly a skillful story; but it might
be maintained that it is too romantic
either as history or as a setting for the
heroic personalities which appear in It
(H. S. Stone-& Co.. Chicago. Jl 50.) ;
?
"The Priest's Marriage."
"The Priest*' Mnrrir.ge." by Nora Vyn
ce, la oae of the "ordinary noveis of Eng-
mlght be more entertaining to their read
ers than by manufacturing impossible ad
ventures and portraying undreamed-of
characters.
"The Criminal: His Personnel and En
vironment" is a scientific study by Au
gust. Drahms, resident chaplain of the
California State Prison at San Quentln.
which will be published this month by
The Macmillan Company, with an Intro
duction by Cesare - Lombroso.
Dodd, Moad & Co. have Just completed
the removal of their publishing and book
selling establishment to their new build
ing on the corner of Thirty-fifth street
and Fifth avenue. New York.
Count Tolstoi has at last completed the
novel on which he "has been so long at
work. "Resurrection" has finally been
chosen as the title of the work in Amer
ica. It is a siory that cannot fall to make
a strong Impression upon American
minds.*-. It, Is a terrible arraignment of
social evils, somber and cruel, but as pow
erful as anything he has done. The work
has -been fully translated, and Dodd,
Mead & Co. will publish the only author
ized edition In America about March L
Mary Cholmondeley's "Red Pottage"
nas passed the seventh printing, and its
while the virile singer Is In demand.
Houghton, Mifflin & Co. will soon publish
a volume ofthe dead singer's prose and
letters, containing many of his best brief
essays written for The Atlantic's "Con
tributors* Club," and many, extracts from
his letters throwing much light on his
alms and efforts.'. ; : K ~\
Mr. Anthony Hope-Hawkins Is hard at
work on a new novel to be called 'Qul
sante." i n the "Prisoner of Zenda. Mr.
Hawkins set a high standard which none
of his subsequent stories have equaled.
This new novel upon which he Is now en
gaged will be received with great Inter
est. "
There Is a curious.and rather amusing
bit of scandal iin connection .with Mrs.
Schreiner's implacable hatred for Mr. Ce
cil Rhodes. It has been said, and pracU
cally avowed by those most intimate with
her that Mrs. Schrelner cherished for a
long time an Infatuation for the arcn
woman-hater. This admiration in a less
violent form was shared by the other
members of her. family, but. of them her
mother also remains, unchanged. It is re
lated that from the first money she ob
tained from I'Trooper Peter Halket Olive
Schreiner sent £20 to her mother, who Im
mediately forwarded -it to the Cecil
Rhodes fund.— The Bookman.
"When Knighthood Was in Flower"
was published a little over a year ago
and has already sold over a hundred thou
sand copies. The title, "When Knighthood
Was In Flower." was not chosen by Mr.
Major, whose historical taste was satis-
fled with Charles Brandon, Duke of Suf
folk; And who knows but that the latter
title would have proved just the weight
to sink, a fine. book into obscurity? Mr.
John J. Curtis of the Bowen-Merrill Com
pany*, suggested "When Knighthood Was
in Flower." a phrase taken from Leigh
Hunt's poem, "The Gentle Armour."
On the 10th. of March will appear the
first number of Messrs. Elder and Shep
ard's magazine. Personal Impressions.
The policy to be pursued by the San
Francfsco publishers in renewing this
publication is contained in the following
announcement:
"In announcing our. Intention of renew
ing the issue of Personal Impressions in
enlarged form, we do not wish to imply
that we Intend to depart from the pur
pose of simplicity that moved us in the
publication of' the first volume, or that
we shall lay any claims either to fine
rhetoric or learned critiques. . On the con
trary, we wish to present a practical
statement, more complete than formerly,
of the best In current literature, touched
frequently- with the impressions we have
personally 'received from its reading:. To
this we shall add short articles bearing
on .'old books' and art antiques, with
epecial reference to the interest of Cali
fornia collectors;., and finally, which In
terests us much, some. pages devoted en
tirely to children, done for them as they
would -have- It, with'simpliclty and sym
pathy.'-' .
'Bird Lore (the Macmlllan Company) for
February, the first number of volume 11,
publishes a -list of over fifty prominent
ornithologists, residing throughout the
United States and Canada, who have con
sented to assist students of birds by re
sponding to their requests for Informa
tion. The same issue also contains an
obituary and full-page plate of the late
Elliott Coves; "Methods of Teaching Or
nithology at Oberlin College," • "Every
day Study of Birds for Busy People,"
"Where the Grebe Skins Come From,"
1 Khntt Thav»r'i "innnl *n TtlrA T -.. ••
8
alre."dallied attention of the United States was
attracted. It was the old: Senatorial fight
over again,* Clark" the candidate and Daly
his determined c and relentless ' opponent.
Party principle * (both ; were Democrats) \
and ail other issues were literally smoth-s
ered out with the intensity of the personal
vlndictiveness, and when .the voters came
into the halls i of j the State j Capitol there
was unlimited money waiting for him who
chose to take it,' and votes were ready, to
be exchanged to the" highest bidder. Clark'
was elected. " ' - '-''i'^lx^
That should have settled the matter, but
it did not. As long as -the two men live
there win" be active war j between them,.
and in each eruption; the State of , Mori
tana will be rent with. the opposing forces
of the two factions, and bribery, corrup-
easlons; and he ls-as often as not seen
In the garb of a miner. 'On the; occasion
of his visits to his mines he dons the oil
skins and goes through all / the tunnels
and excavations. While his family have
all? the - advantages of, wealth, he | cares
nothing for what *is X not .{distinctly ; ple
beian, and the original, primitive pros
pector in, him is much In evidence..
In many particulars the are
alike. While Clark's ability to grasp an
opportunity and bend it to his purposes
has been his success, and the;, faculty! of
intuition and keen Insight has been :. the
effective tool of \ Daly, they * are alike 'g in
the fact I that they started : on the. same
level— that;? of ? the underground miner.
Botlrare of high rank in Masonry, t both
are loyal friends to. their friends and
strong enemiflu to those who incur- their
displeasure. ¦ Both can . point , to ; hundreds
of lives in Montana- ; which- have" 'either
been mads or ruined by them.- "Both '/of
them ; are r alike in that * they are easily
accessiblo" to their; friends, "though It ;" is
difficult : for . strangers to. approach either
on account of thevastness of their busi
• .• ¦.•¦ w ¦• .' - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦- • : v/.'V .'•-¦.' .¦ - .
In Chile women are employed every
where as tram conductors. .There : was so
much dishonesty among" the- men who .
were formerly employed that the tram
proprietors filled their places with women,
who have been found in every way satis
factory. They wear a neat uniform., work •
wr.i together, and e\-cn rim a small-news
paper among themselves. . ' . . .
tlon and . political machinations will be
the principal elements — the outcome of
the bitter enmity between the two indi
viduals. Daly cannot reconcile himself to
his --enemy's success, and nothing would
persuade him to let him enjoy It in peace.
"I don't like him, nohow," Daly is
quoted. • "He ain't right— he. ain't right—
I don't like him; nohow." That is the sum
total of his reasons for his, vituperations.
The two. have been battling over copper
of late years, and the vast copper trust of
3899, .under Clark's control, was waged
against by the mighty influence, of the
Standard Oil Trust, at whose wheel Daly
is installed.
In appearance the two men differ vastly.
Clark is slender, elegant and. cultured in
appearance." He takes great Interest in
art and curios, and his family have been
Eent to France and Germany, where they
have been educated in the languages of
the Continent. He has an enviable collec
tion of paintings, rare tapestries j and
artistic et ceteras. His appearance is sug
gestive of the clubman and the traveler.
Daly, on the other hand. Is not at all"
fastidious in matters of dress, the plain
est'of business suits sufficing for all oc-
ness affairs. And, finally, both ara alike
In their cordial hate of each other.
They are both growing old. Clark Is
60, though he looks oply 50, and Daly Is
three years younger. With the coming of
old ago there has been no slackening of
their antagonism, and; there,- is not the
slightest likelihood of a decrease in their
cordial hate for each other, from the
standpoint of twenty years of enmity.
They are waging their battles in the
United States Senate at present. With the
persistence and tenacity of his bulldog
nature Daly is attacking Clark's qualifi
cations, and the outcome Is not yet at
hand. , "% :*>
When they have passed out of Montana
affairs Montana will probably feel the in
fluence of the twenty years', vendetta for
some time to come befpre she drops Into
the commonplace government of j the
tranquil, .every-day sort.' But until they
do, Montana Is certain of a generous
share of political activity.
/f is Madeline.
Continued from Page 4.
"How long has that ship been the Sici
lian?" said Dick Fairburn to the mate
when they were close to the landing.
"This voyage," answered the mate,
without thinking.
"There you are. What about the five
sovereigns?" said Dick, with a laugh, to
Charlie Dansan.'
"Here, take them." replied Charlie, as
his hand slid to his pocket. - • . • w
"Oh, blow it! Keep them for ¦mokes.
That's the. Madeline, my old boat: that's
the point." said Dick as he rose and
sprang on the landing. . • '• . ;
In looking over the first ¦ newspaper
which came into his hand ; after th«
Leonldas reached London Dick Falrburn's
eye fell upon a list of missing vessels.
Fourth In the list was the name of the
Madeline of London; owner, Henry. .Mm-.
grave. . .
Like a lightning flash the troth about
the Sicilian broke upon Dick's mind." He
knew the Madeline was not lost, though
missing under, her old name unquestion
ably she was. He had left her out then*
at Bombay, safe and sound and known as
the Sicilian. -He saw that a, rascally
game was being played and that tha
prime moVer In it was' Henry Musgrave,
the man who scorned him when he had
loved his daughter and she had loved him
In return.
Dick Fairburn's first , Impulse was to
take a cab for Bow utreet or the under
writers' and inform them that the Made
line was afjoat. all taut and trim. Then
a thought checked him. If he did that
Musgrave would be prosecuted and ruin
ed, and then what would became of the
girl he loved. He might marry her, truly;
but he would be marrying- a felon's
daughter. - No. that would not do. ' • "
Early on the" following morning Dick
Fairburn was ushered Into Henry Mus
grave's private room. He waited pa
tiently until the owner of the Madeline
thought proper to give him an audience.
"Well, what's your business?" said
Musgrave. curtly, as he recognized the
old' first officer of the Madeline.
"To saVe you trouble, Mr. Musgrave,"
eaid Dick, sternly. '. ¦ . ' • .
"What do you mean?"
"What about the Madeline?" . . -
"Don't you know that she's missing?!'
Musgrave's voice was unsteady. ¦ It be-. ¦.
trayed him. " ••/_¦ •
"No more missing than, you axe, and"
jrou know it." .
Musgrave blanched. . . ; . • .
"How— where Is she?" he stammered.
"Out" at Bombay, as the Sicilian, on a
very pretty frolic. She's a blue funnel
with a black top: black hull, pink on wa-. •
ter line: Paul Hermann, master and part- .
ncr with you in as nice a bit of villainy
as was ever attempted on the seas,! You
are claiming for a, total loss here, aren't
you? And he's trying to sell the ship,
there. Shall I bring you witnesses as to
the identity of the ship?" . -
Musgrave was dumfounded. His face •
twitched nervously and its color came and
went. At last he broke down utterly.-.
"Don't — give — us— away — Fairburn—"
don't," he faltered plteously.. .:;;.":'*
"Oh, you're run down. It's a case far .
law. You've don© It," said Dick severely.
"No. no, Fairburn. For heaven's sake
don't give us away. For my wife's sake
—for my daughter's sake, don't. Think of
them— of Madeline." .';._'. • - i*.
"Of Madeline!'* ...
"Yes. You cared for her once. and. I
thought you wanted to— to— honorably— ' .
"What?" ¦;»•-?'«' ;_•".'¦-"
"Marry her." .
"I did,' and you spurned me. I wasn't
good enough for you."
"No. no, Fairburn; you're wrong.. It'sa
mistake. See: will you have her?" • \
"And compound a felony?" •
"Oh. no. you're unreasonable.' I say.,
will you take her now." .• • .
"Are you willing for. me to have her?"
"Cer— tainly."
"And you'll report that the ship- Is all.
right?" • • ¦ . '
Musgrave paused. "Oh, curse ltr No,
not that, Fairburn. If you only knew...
I've staked all on this, venture," he said
in despair. - - . • ¦
"Then you're In for a total loss. Let me
have Madeline; report the ship as safa
and I'll keep off." • ¦ .*¦•*¦
Musgrave hung his head and was silent
for a minute. ff-
"No. no. Fairburn. For heaven's sake,
take the girl and let- me settle the Test,"
he urged pitifully. .
"No. Report the ship safe, or It's hard
labor for Hermann and you," Insisted
Dick. y.
"Make any other terms: do. Fairburn."
"No — no — no! No other!" ¦
"Then take Madeline. Take her. curse
you! Treat her well. I'm ruined."
THE HISTORY OF THE GREAT CLARK-DALY FEUD
ual fusillade of political bullets, and now
Clark In turn repaid them wlth= Interest.
As a consequence the fight for the site of
the Montana capital Is one of the blackest
pages of Northwestern history. Boiled
down and simmered to direct issue, it
narrowed to a fight between two men, a
personal conflict, and a venting of private
spleen. When Clark came out victor he
was a hero in the eyes of the people. He
was escorted through the city In 'a car
riage magnificently decked with ; floweret
the horses having been taken away and
prominent citizens substituted In their
places. k '
For a few years after this culmination
of enmity It seemed that the feud had
been abated. Each contestant had retired
from the fight, apparently satisfied for
the time being. In IS9B, however, the old
storm again broke loose over State poli
tics.
' The unscrupulous use of money, and lots
of it, and the machinations of politicians,
reached a disgraceful climax. The scan-
election of the. Senators for the Legisla
ture,of the new State. Clark was a can
didate from a district that was In a curi
ous muddle, which enabled both political
parties to nominate a prospective Sena
tor. Daly managed the affair so that the
district was unable to settle its contro
versy and the decision was left to a Re-,
publican United States Senate. Of course,
Clark was not seated. Tiiey did not ap
proach Daly for further compromises.
The two nren ever since have thrown
their "vast resources against each other —
the powerful sway of the political con
trol of laboring men, their Interest in
the welfare of cities where their capital
was invested, their personal and business
friendships, their social and political
standing. ! It became an essential of every
resident of Montana to be enlisted on on©
side or the other, and those who went into
the State with the intention of remaining
neutral either had to leave it or give '.up
their intention. The attitude of all new
comers was canvassed and centralized' to
Dalyistn 'or Clarkism as assiduously as
was the favor of the older residents mar
shaled or their. enmity made uncomfort
able. So. bitter was the spirit between the
two factions that all social intercourse
was avoided, a^id did a disciple, of one
party get over the established traces so
far as to entertain in any way one of the
other party the offender was absolutely
certain of financial and business .ruin.
Daly was so enthusiastic In this partic
ular matter that it is said he removed ono
of the employes of a banking institution
in which he was interested from Butta 1
the fact that he was not slow to match
each act of his adversary, not always
with retaliations which are in accordance
with the code of ethics.
In the question of a selection of the
capital city of the new State the two
enemies -found a fresh and lively bone of
contention. Helena was championed' by
Clark and Daly selected Anaconda as his
center of opposition.' , ; Clark has a* vast
income— estimated as one million a month.
Daly had less capital, but a fertile brain
'and an unparalleled shrewdness."The-bat
tle meant much to both/'. If Anaconda
won Daly would Irrevocably become the
master of the destinies of Montana. The
thousands of men In the employ of his
mines there would form the balance; of
power.ln all matters of moment. •" It was
much the same with /. Clark and j hUi
Helena. The advantage of capital ' swayed
the battle in Clark's favor and It is said
that, the determined ( lrishman made i use
of trie last resort—he went to Clark with
the offer of a guarantee for the Sena
torial nomination if Clark | would throw
his influence ' in behalf o«. Anaconda.
Clark, however, had. Just; come' ,to the
liking -of the taste of vengeance and re
fused flatly and v began to indulge in some
playful, little .sallies against .his enemy.
For ten years Daly had kept up a contin-
to Anaconda because the wife of the em
ploye had extended social courtesies to
some friends of Clark in an unwitting
moment.
Daly is represented as having given th a
bank employe Instructions to have the
association stopped.' The natural spunk rf
the. nonconformist wife prompted her to
remove to Spokane, without the bounds
of the State, where she could select her
own guests.
Another Incident, so says Alnslee'e Mag
azine, was that of an awkward funeral
of one of the miners in the copper dis
trict, In which both -factions were largely
represented. The pall-bearers were all
Daly men, and by some oversight the
master of ceremonies happened to b«'a
Clark man. When the master of ceremo
nies gave the order to take up the coffin,
the black looks that had been threaten
ing culminated In a flat refusal, and a
deadly battle over the remains was avert
ed only by the, intervention of a priest.
Daly Is reputed as being a man of ma
licious'temperament and never forgetfiV
of a chance to "get back" at an offender.
While Clark Is not of that reputation the,
happenings of the controversy point to
THE; SUNDAY CALIi.
«>f X eye for an *ye and a tooth for a
[ I tooth"— that Is the rule of Jusuc«
/ I rrieted out by the famous old Ken-
V. I tucky feud followers, but the teeth
JL and the eyes lost In expiation of a
little Montana squabble that oc
curred twenty years ago plainly .demon
strate the fact that Kentucky has not a
monopoly on feuds. The Kentuckian'«
translation of the rigid principle Is a bit
terly literal one. and Is written In Ken
tucky blood. The Montana translation Is
« freer one, but Its victims are no leas
in number, and there has never been a
feud within the knowledge of man that
has ruined more men and Indirectly
caused more deaths than the Clark-Daly
. affair. -:J #', -
Som» twenty-five years ago TVllilara
Clark drove Into Montana with an ot
team, and no money. About the earae tins«
en Irishman named Marcus Daly began
the life of a j>rosp.eetor in the Montana
mines. The two men were destined to \
life-lor.g- enmity, as the result of which
the entire population of the State of Mon
tana became of necessity divided against
Itself and was compelled to enlist with cm
faction or the other, carrying financial,
social, industrial and political Montana
into the war of private spleen and per
sonal grievance. The two men, once till
<rs of the soil and venders of potatoes
and drivers of street wagons, became rival
financial mapnates. and their antagonism
xvae carried from State politics into that
r.f the republfc. when Marcus. Daly of
Montana devised and set In' motion .th*
Tn»«-hin*-ry by which he hop*ed to disqual
ify William A. Clark, for his office in th«
United States Senate.
Daly as s. prospector soon developed a
natural and far-famed shrewdness, and in
time cime to be practically the controller
of the ontire mining district of the State.
Acting for syndicate? a.nd private capital,
hp became the locator and operator for
the rich corporation composed of J. B.
HaßgJri. I-loyd Tevis and Georpe Hearst
(afterward Senator). Clark had developed
Into a prosperous merchant and banker,
with money to invest in mines. Clark's
cpfcitaV-and Dal>'s keen-wittedness com
bined to form a most effective partuer-
Fh'.p ?nd soon Montana's early mining
business was influenced largely by the
Clark-Daly movements, and the Clarjt-
Daly combination grew to have a hand in
every important turn of mining affairs
Mining interests extended into landed In
tertsts, and widened out Into the forma
tion of new mine sites, and hence of r.*w
town*, eventually ending in railroad-*.
Fme'.tir.R works, banking establishments,
bunding enterprises, and naturaly. in poli
tics By the time their quarrel was rlpa
there- was hardly a phase of the State *
KCtiVttte* in which they were not either
Jointly or individually interested.
Jiijt how the o.uarrel came about tn«
public does nat know, and no one knows
why their elope association began to
breAk. except it be Clark and Daly. From
the genesis to the revelations of the bit
ter feud which sprang up the inside work
ings were better understood by the prin
cipal* than by any one else. There are
different and differing stories told of the
source of the vendetta, but throughout
each of the narratives the individual Daly
is hopelessly confused with the Daly of
Eradicate interest, and Clark is accredited
v'ith seizing an opportunity for his own
private intcrc-us— the opportunity having
been worked up for the syndicate interest
by Duly. At any rate, Clark's handling
of the opportunity was such that he was
•cabled to command an extortionate price
fr«n the syndicate, and the syndicate was
compelled to buy. J;^' ; :
Tl^c nuarrel is taken for granted by
Montana people in general, in the ab
er-ce of authoritative explanation, the
cor' tart rocceaetoa of active repartee
furnishing the public with sufficient en
t'-rt^lrmert. . •
In U>* Clark was nominated to Congress
by the Democratic party of tiie Territory,
pnd the right In politics bejan In earnest.
Tlie.ncmina.ticn was considered equivalent
to election, cs the Territory was openly
in the hands of "The Big Four"-the
Democratic dictator of Montana politics,
which consisted of Marcus Daly. 8. T.
Hauser, C. A. Broadwater and W. A.
Clark. ' According to the current story.
Daly congratulated Clark upon the cer
tainty of his election, and even led the
cotillon with Mrs. Clark on the occasion
o ( ,;!;« festivities attendant upon tho
opening of Daly's new hotel. The Mon
tana. Daly continued the hidden hand
policy until shortly before the election,
when Clark sent a delegation to him for
tin:«J assurances. At the time Daly was
rntoruiinlng Clark's opponent, Thomas H.
Carter. Carter waj* hastily concealed be
hind pome draping*, and in the course of
the ensuing interview Daly promised the
entire vote he controlled to Clark, re
marking that he wanted to "bury tb«t
red -headed Irish son-of-a-srun, Tom Car
ter, ii) the middle kettle of h— ." Just how
Mr. Carter relished this joke is not re
corded, but he could well afford to chuckle
at it as ho was elected by a liberal ma
jority of Daly's vote*. Daly had switched
the votc3 of Anaconda, a town that was
in the i>alm of bis hand, and Clark was
•what is technically known as "snowed
under." ¦-.'•* v " *
Fxom that time every political move
ment of Clark* was bitterly and vigor
ously opposed by Daly. The war waged
hotly and only once did there seem to
be n promise of a cessation of hostilities.
It is stated that Daly was requested by
George Hearst, one of his principals, to
bury the hatchet. He consented out
wardly. Xl was.en the occasion of th«
9copied the costume and caught the Spirit of Mane
'Antoinette before she' bccamcy the prey of dull care*
Like i a sprite from the long-ago .was Miss ;
Wanda Hadenfeldt in a leather costume such as the •
.Teuton maidens of the yesteryears might; have. worn. .
King Carnival, regal in his white satin robes,- .?
was , in kingly contrast to the picturesque and more
gayly colored costumes of. his courtiers* ' ¦.
yi Is OTHER Mar di Gras ball has been added to -
yj[ society's calendar. It is the red-letter leaf in
the booklet, for by might of its merry-mad
success all other, social events have paled. 4
Fancy ran riot in the costumes. 'As befitted Jter.
station the Carnival Queen, Miss Joan Hadenfeldt,
gorgeously Oriental in a sheath-like robe, braided
with gold. and sparkling with gems, qxicencd it right
royally over Jicr subjects.
Miss Mar en Froelich .wore a Marie 'Antoinette ¦¦'
gown, with a filmy fichu softly draped after the
fashion dear to that ill-fated Queen. Miss Froelich
THE SUNDAY CALL (
10
KING CARNIVAL
AND HIS COURT AT THE MARDI CRASJapanese Method of Defense-Broken Bones or Death
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
mR. J. J. O'BttlE>J toache* the
breaking of arm* and lag*. It !a
an accomplishment that any ona
may acquire.
Not that we all need to acquire It.
Some of us are well content to leave all
the arms and legs vo know in unbroken
peace Instead of in broken pieces. But
w.«e never knows what may happen.
For instance, suppose you are a police
man. You may be of bull-dog build and
yet have mere trouble in settling some
hard case than a mite of a Jap would—
a Jap who knows the tricks that Mr.
O'Brien learned while he was police in
spector in the land of the Jap. Or sup- •
pose you are the other person in • the
policeman occurrence; it will be very con
venient for you to know how to dispose
of the dfflcer.
Mr. O'Brien's whole method of self
defensa is a mechanical proposition. He
places his opponent in a position where
his strength is vsed against himself and
where only his weak muscles are left
free for aggressive activity.
"The whole system is like that of kit-
tens," he says. "Watch them play . and
Mcuffle and wrestle and you'll see what I
mean."' He, and K. Inoue, the Japanese
who has come to assist him, have been
¦bowing forcibly what' he means. "
The grip is convenient to use In case a
1 man should be Impolite enough to raise
» ¦.
his flit' tM nur your fac*, There ii no
ne«d of turning tho ether check to be
(¦mitten. It is -much better to graap his
wr!»ti turn his arm over, outward, bo that
the weak outside muscles are brought up
v.-ard and the strong muscles cannot bo
brought into play.
Quickness is indlspensabla in every
move. In this point the kitten simile is
perfect. You may _vratch Mr. O'Brien
make a spring: upon his opponent and you
can no more tell how it is done than when
a cat springs, but you see the opponent
feeing resuscitated a few minutes later.
.He uses one hand in many of his moved
to turn aside the face of the opponent.
Any man is half helpless with his neck
bent back and his face turned so that he
cannot Bee his adversary's motions. There
are many tricks that have to do with the
leg. But beneath all, the mechanical law
of the arm— the law of the lever— ls the
basis of operation.
The dictionary says: "A lever Is a me
chanical device consisting of a straight
bar turning freely on a fixed point 'and
serving'to Impart pressure or motion from'
a source of power to a resistance." This
is the principle of the arm's action, and
the Japanese scheme is to turn aside this
"pressure, or motion,", .to - make the
"power" either inactive or active' against
its owner.
The latter is Illustrated tn slipping tIM
arm B'.raight through tho opponent's,
bringing it upward so that the hand can
b« placed on. the back of his neck. Hia
instlnctivq resistance Is mad* by pushing
his own,' arm forward (or freedom, and
this brlr.gs ydtir' hand • the m«o heavily
against his neck, where It is not pleasant
to bo pressed*
Footpads are nald to have a little habit
of carr.i-rr upon you from behindhand sets*
Ins you in an embrace that pins yoai
arms to your sides. Mr. O'Brien's remedy
for this is to kneel Quickly, slipping
throuch the footpad's arm. Then ha Is
able to reach up and seise the footpad*
arm at the shoulder, twisting him forward
and over his head.
Box a man on one ear and. he retreat!
from the blow. Bex. him on both at once
and he is warranted not to trouble' you
further. There are odd little points about
the head and throat, where the prod of
one flnjer may settle an affair.
"It's just like this," concludes Mr. |
O'Brien. "By any of these tricks a man, J
woman or child can break a man's arm
or leg or perhaps ; injure - him internally.
I was laid up the most of three months]
while I was learning, j And when yourj
opponent knows that you can break a :
limb for him— well, he usually com** to.
time first." 'THE k SUNDAY CALL.
12forces. The raising of the siege of Lady
smith was.. of course, a vital matter far
the British army.' It Is the result of Gen
eral. Bullerfs continuous fighting, coupled
with Lord Roberts' invasion of the Free
State.
. "General Buller seems to have been »ur- "
: prised 'to find that he had beaten the
Boers on Tuesday. Nothing is commoner .
In war than fcr an army, after hard fight
ing, to be .doubtful of the extent of its
success. Few generals learn, as Grant did
•n his first command, 'that the enemy was
as much frightened of me as I was of •
him.' ;.">-,
. "The question' now is as to the future
course of events. There cannot be much
doubt as to the issue, provided no for
eign power, or powers interfere. |
"Lord Roberts can either order General
Buller, with the 40,000 of the new united
national army, to advance on Pretoria,
while he himself moves by Bloemfonteln
Alleged Announcement of the
Transvaal Agency at Brus
sels That the Siege of Mafe
king Has Been Raised Is De
nied by Dr. Leyds.
seem to be doing what each of
their commanders is pleased- to
deem best and therefore ' the
Boers are acting without any co-
The. latest reports show that
Joubert's retreat: has been exe
cuted with greater skill and for
tune . than ; that . of Cronje. , It is
unlikely that we; shall now hear
of the Boers being caught in any
positions on Natal soil where.the
British could inflict any punish
ment on them.
With that dogged stubborn :
ness which he has already shown
—sorely to British- cost— General
Joubert . seems bent on off eririg . a 1a 1
determined . resistance to- Lord
Roberts' advance, but in the bat
tle which 'is imminent, with -the
force at the disposal of the
ish; and; with the adoption of' the
POPE LEO SYMPATHIZES
WITH BRITISH SOLDIERS
to mediate when the tender may be rejected. The State Department has no reason to believe that Great
Britain desires mediation to end the war. The South African republic, while it has not directly invited the
President to mediate, has indicated its willingness that he should do so. Until the British Government, how
ever, conveys a similar intimation to the United States no action, in the view of the authorities, can be taken.
v PARIS, March. 3.— The Courier dv Soir, which is usually regarded as an inspired organ touching polit
ical matters, states that there is reason to believe Emperor William is disposed to offer his services in favor
of mediation in the Transvaal difficulty knowing that he is no longer isolated, and all the powers recognize
himas jhe most fitting sovereign to act the part of peacemaker. His telegram to the Queen after the vic
tory of Lord Roberts is believed to have been intended to pave the way for such a step.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, March 3.— While the United States has not
formally tendered its good offices to Great Britain and the South African republic looking to pacifically set
tling the war raging between them, the idea has been conveyed to the two governments that the Presi
dent is willing to mediate whenever they desire him to do so. Beyond this the President does not propose
to go. An administration official said to-day that if the President were to suggest to Great Britain the ad
visability of permitting the use of the good offices of the United States with a view to ending the war
it would place him in a position to meet with a rebuff.
As the scene of hostilities is thousands of miles away, and as American interests are not involved in
the struggle, the Presfdeht sees no reason for placing the Government in an awkward position by offering
President
tion Come From Both Great Britiairi and the Boer Republics:
Emperor William of Germany'- Anxious to Act as; aJ Peacemaker
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, ' l'9oo-THIRTY-T WO PAGES.
AMERICA READY TO INTERVENE
IN THE WAR IN SOUTH AFRICA
\ Pages 13 to 22 \
¦ ¦ • V T^ T J T^ T^ ~
I Pages 13 to 221
too soon. : T With ammunition and
stores •at the.; lowest ebb, "'.with
troops worn ¦•; arid \ exhausted ?by
disease arid from want of nourisK
ing food," had; the Boers made.anot
her „ attempt to stormUhe;gar
rison in half as determined a
manner, as, that: at the beginning
of -January* there » is : little . question
that the 'fall of Ladysmith ¦ would
have resulted.; r 'Fortunately • for
White's force ' Jo'ubert Lditi Criot
same tactics that -Lord- Roberts,
has 'already •, displayed, the result
is awaited : here with equanimity.
'-- It' is dispersal, not ; concentra
tion, of tne Boer forces' which is
being, most talked about, at. the
service clubs as being "most likely
to give trouble to the British ad
vance.-- : • • ¦- ¦¦'¦¦¦
Reports which are coming
through' 'from . Ladysraith , show
that relief was effected not a day
know that and kept at a-re§pect
ful; distance. ; One of the" most
pathetic incidents of the" Boers'
hurried flight, is that, many chil
dren were found 5 in * the \ trenches
lost j ; if ' not * forgotten^ .by ¦ tKeir
parents. .. '. " ." . ; -...--.
. • A . good : deal -of •significance is
attached- to .the < visit President
Kruger •• is paying to • President'
Steyn >'in< the, Free State. :It/is
even surmised that the meeting
may : have reference -to overtures
for peace. / Nothing,. however, is
known with certainty . as i to . the
intention of the two presidents.
PROBABLE MOVES
OF OPPOSING FORCES
LONDON. : March 14.1 4.— Spencer "Wilkin
son, reviewing the situation In South
Africa f or ' the • Associated ! Press, at mid
night says:' vi . ." - * '-'¦ ' •'-''¦:¦• ¦
¦; ."The victories of Tuesday -have put the
campaign straight, from the British point
of view. -The important matters were the
defeat of Cronje and the destruction of a
part of his force, and the defeat of .the
Boer army. In' Natal, both of which were
effected. on Tuesday.. The relief . of the
besieged town followed ¦as a matter of
course upon the retreat of the besieging
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by
the New York Herald ' Company. "-/'>"'•*
¥ ONDON, March ; 4. — A dispatch from j Berlin says that the Trans
¦' * : vaal agency at Brussels has announced that the siege of Maie
king has been raised. .. ... ," . .•-'
Dr. Ley ds authorizes an absolute denial of the report that he had
received news that Mnf eking had -been relieved.
LONDON, March 4.— After
a week of the greatest ex
citement — such excitement
as probably has never been ex
perienced since the Crimea — we
are now experiencing a tempo
rary lull, but surely the lull which
precedes another storm.
. Up to the present no startling
news has come over the wires for
the last twenty-four hours at
least, but it is evident that Lord
Roberts is not going to leave his
enemy any time for rest.
It would even appear that the
Boers themselves are not dis
couraged by Roberts' success,
and at their having been, com
pelled to raise the siege of-Lady
smith, but are still eager for bat
tle, though their movements are
not very well understood here.
Each body or force would
; ROME, March 3.— An influential memorial, from the. British Catholics, to the ; Pope, promoted by- the Duke of Norfolk,
In which the signatories protest against the rampant Anglophobism of .the clerical press of Italy.' has caused real concern
at the Vatican, and by order of his Holiness a- thorough investigation has been instituted! An- official letter sent lnreply
to the Duke by Cardinal . Rampolla is not altogether satisfactory to 'the memorialists, but they, will be soothed by a let
ter,-written in the Pope's own hand, to CaVdinal Vaughan. The holy father, declares , those who attributed -to him . pro-
Boer sympathies in the lamentable fratricidal struggle now, proceeding in South Africa cruelly wrong him personally and
the church of .which he is the divinely" appointed ; guardian. \ He is well aware thatthe British army contains many thou
sands of Catholic soldierswho," from" the beginning of Ithe war, have? distinguished themselves, by heroism, and his heart
has bled for them in their sufferings. He lovesiEngland too well not to wish her,a'happy issue out. of the present. trials
'and knows, moreover, that it Is in the interests of the that. British arms .should .prevail. "\ It is r impossible for! him
to 'approve the war.. but how could it |be supposed he desires the triumph of the Boers ?" As for \, the Osservatore, Romano,
the so-called organ of ther. Vatican, the Pope .reminds hhe f Cardinal- that" the paper lias never published an official note
referring to' the war. If It published articles commenting, on the, war. It .was only* Just -to -point -out that they were 'in
no way. inspired by- the Vatican. < Furthermore; the articles complained; of; never, expressed a desire for a Boer triumph.
Before writing the letter the Pope had all the articles read; to him f and also caused to be'overhauled the" records of
the Vatican press department There Is reason to believe the Pope contemplates' making* a public declaration. of the at
titude of. the Holy See toward the war.* It-will prpbably take the form ofian authorized statement in the Osservatore Ro
mano. It Is noteworthy, by the way, that the ' Vatican organs recently :ceased^all reference .to the war. The Osserva
tore, with touching self-denials/has -not made-one appeal recently, to, the powers of Burope to Intervene,, nor- has it
published a word about the relief of Klmberley and Ladysmith ' or the surrender of Cronje.-..'. -'• • -• * •* • - ; - ¦ •
Boers Are Not Discouraged by
British Successes and Are
Expected to Resist Most
Stubbornly Further Inva
sion of the Free State.
O BULLER ON PIETERS HILL WATCHING BOERS RETREAT •
BOER WOMEN FIGHT AND DIE IN :THE TRENCHES.
On the occupation of Pieters HUI on-February 28 by the British the Boer
forces between General Buller an i Ladysmith began to make their, prepara
tions for leaving, which they did In a masterly manner. Some went north by
Elands Laagte toward the Transvaal, and others west by Van Reenans Pass
toward the Orange Free State.
Many women have been with the. Boer, forces on the Tugela, and' not only as .cooks, and nurses, -but for fighting, as
well. Most of them are expert sharpshooters and many a Brltlsh^offlcer has^ fallen -Defore their well-aimed rifles. In
the last fighting below Ladysmith the British soldiers on. gaining 'the Boer -trenches found' there two women, one dead
and the other mortally wounded. She had stayed with her husband to the last. -He 'had insisted on her remaining be
cause she was such an excellent shot and did such splendid execution* in picking off the English. . . . .
BOER SCOUTS WATCHING BULLER'S MOVEMENTS. •
•\ On" their. retreat from Ladysmlth a large force of the Boers took the. road
'¦- for. Harrismlth. leading through Van Reenans Pass, by which It Is thought
| General Buller will try the passage of the'Drakensberg Mountains and where
!;, he. will doubtless meet stout resistance. Their scouts keep a close eye on
» every movement of the ' British forces.* -
VOLUME LXXK^II-^O. 94.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Continued on Pa«e Twenty-tw*.
The San Francisco CallGRIEF IN THE HOUSE
Members Deplore the Death of Repre
sentative Epes.
WASHINGTON, Marph 3.-In the House
to-day the desk of Representative Epes
of Virginia, who died last week, was hung
with crape and covered by a profusion of
flowers, liliies, roses and carnations. The
chaplain in his Invocation made feeling
reference to the death of Mr. Epes
-i.V h ?i? b ff n .I. I 1 t *£ d ?£ t0 Proceed to-day
with the Aldrlch-Robbins contested elec
tion case, but unanimous consent was
given to vacate the order heretofore made
and postpone the final vote until next
Tuesday at 2:30 p. m.. the debate contin
uing Monday and Tuesday.
Weeks of Mlchlpan. from the Commit
tee on Elections No. 3. gave notice that
the Wise-Young contested election case
from the Second District of Virginia
would be called up immediately after the
Aldrich-Robblns case were concluded.
Hay of Virginia then announced, with
an expression of profound sorrow on the
part of himself and his associates, the
death of Mr. Epes. He offered resolutions
of respect and sympathy, which were
I unanimously adopted, and a committee of
eighteen members was appointed by the
Speaker to act with the Senate commit
tee as a funeral escort. It includes the
entire Virginia delegation ln-the House
and Representatives Rhea of Kentucky,
McCall of Massachusetts, De Armond of
Missouri. Jenkins of Wisconsin, J. S. Wil
liams of Illinois, Jay of Missouri, Clay of
Alabama and Henry and Bailey of Texas.
Then, at 12:48, as a further mark of re
spect to the deceased, the House ad
journed-. ••
Cider That Intoxicates.
WASHINGTON, March 3.— lt has come
to the notice of the Commissioners of In
ternal revenue that "manufacturers of
so-called ciders are placing on the market
a compound or adulteration under the
name of cider containing wine or spirits
in such Quantities as to render the manu
facturers liable to a special tax as recti
fiers." The Commissioner, in view of
these facts, has instructed officers of In
ternal revenue to see that manufacturers
of this class of adulterations qualify as
rectifiers and place their product in mer
chantable packages, marked, stamped and
branded-as rectified' spirits. -, The use of
wines fortified under the act of March 1,
18S0, in this connection or otherwise than
for consumption as fortified and as con
templated bylaw, Is prohibited. ' .¦ '
Mansfield Sues for Libel.
REDWOOD CITY, March S.— Sheriff
Mahsfleld'of !this county haft commenced
suit against. D. E. O'Keefe. editor of 'the
Times-Gazette, for $10,000. charging libel.
O'Keefe published a number of ¦ articles
recently reflecting on the conduct of the
Sheriff during the trial of Fred Deslrello
for murder and charged that the failure
to, secure conviction was. due to; the. fact
that the Sheriff and Judge Buch schemed
to defeat Justice. Both the officials were
referred to as rogues and rascals, who
ought to b« turned out of office. ¦
HAMILTON'S TOMB
IS NO MYSTERY
People of Sacramento Have Known
for Half a Century Where the ...
Body Reposed. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March B.— Although the
.'Wisconsin Historical Society and a Ban
Jose correspondent appear to be in ig
norance of the whereabouts of the re
mains of William Stephen Hamilton soi
of the great American statesman, Alex
ander Hamilton, the people of Sacramento
have known that for a half-century the
body has rested in its grave in the City
Cemetery here.V
William Stephen ' Hamilton died of
cholera ln Sacramento on August 7,- I*so
Over his grave Is a marble shaft adorned
with a bronze medallion- of "his distin
guished father. This bas-relief was the
gift of the residents of Qulncy, Mass.,
many years ago. Young' Hamilton was
noted not only as the son of his fathor,
but as a challenger of Aaron Burr after
4he latter had' killed the great statesman
In a duel. • '
McIMARA
CASE IS STILL
A MYSTERY
The Belief Still Growing
That the Woman Was
Murdered.
Post-Mortem Examination Held, but
the Physicians Refuse to
Disclose the Results
of It.'
?
Special Die r*tch to The Call.
BANTA ROSA, March 3.— The mystery
Eurroundlng the tragic death of Mrs. Me-
Namara, the old blind wife of Barney Mc-
Namara. whose body was found floating
ln the well on their little place near hero
yesterday morning, is etlll unsolved.
This morning it was decided to hold a
post-mortem examination of the remains
and the decision was carried out to-night
at the Redmond undertaking parlors. Dr.
S. S. Bogle and Coroner J. O. Pierce, who
is also a physician, conducted the exam
ination, and while it is generally believed
their labors resulted in several important
discoveries, both up to a late hour to
night refused to discuss the matter for
publication. ;i
Mr. and Mrs. "William Bowman of Peta
lunia, the latter a sister of the late Mrs.
ilcNamara, arrived in this city this morn
ing, ln response to a notification of yes
terday's discoveries. Both are outspoken
CONFLICTS ON
THE STREETS
OF MONTREAL
Adjutant General White
Arranging to Mobilize
; the Militia
Frequent Struggles Between English
' men and French-Canadians Oc
- . . cur Throughout the [ '¦¦'¦
._,:' City. . .¦ ¦."¦.:¦"., ¦•'.-'. -
MONTREAL, March v S.— Things are'
fairly Quiet to-day,. but struggles are .tak
ing place, in different parts of the town.
Colonel White, adjutant 'general of this
military dlstrict; ; is arranging with Lieu
tenant Colonel Sherwood, head of the Do
minion police and commanding the Forty-"
third Battalion of Volunteers, for the
mobilization of the local militia, com
panies.
The immense union jack which the Star
hoisted to take the. place of the one de
stroyed- bytht French_\Canadians last
night, was the cause. of some -trouble, be
cause a French Canadian insulted It this'
morning and an Englishman knocked him
down. There was a general row and one
man was' arrested.
Dean Howell of the McGill factory has
On December 31" Chief Justice William
Lee Chambers, a native of .Georgia,, held
court" iri~Apiar Samoa, and told the stal-
wart natives and the German and Eng-
lish and' American residents why they
should all regard Malietoa Tanu as King,
instead of recognizing the rival 'claimant.
Mataafa. The trial had; lasted eleven
days; -Samoan genealogies,' customs,' titles
and practices had been examined and dis-
cussed,' and' finally the Chief 'Justice de-
cided that Tanu, who was the son of tho
late, King Malietoa, and who. by the gift
of the people.. had been. endowed- with the
name •of • Malietoa, was the duly elected
King.
A tonic is a medicine that gives tone to
some part of the system. There are dlf.
ferent kinds of tonics, but the tonic most
needed in this count-y, where catarrh is
so prevalent, is a tonic that operates on
the mucous membranes.
Peruna is. a tonic to the mucous mem-
branes of the whole body. It jives tone
to the capillary circulation- which consti-
tutes these delicate membranes. ¦. '
.Every organ of the human body Is lined
with mucous membranes. ..This mem-
brane is made up, principally, of a deli-
cate network of minute blood vessels and
nerves. The slightest derangement |of
PARIS GIVES
ITSELF UP TO
ANGLOPHOBIA
Carnival Crowds Shout "A
. Bas Anglais!" and "Vive
Les Boers!"
'ENGLISHMEN - ROUGHLy USED
Take Refuge In a Cafe to Escape
Mob and Are There Besieged
Until Rescued by the
Police. .
Take Refuge In a Cafe to Escape
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Preu.
PARIS, March 3.— Even- the MardiOras
carnival supplied an illustration of French
Anglophobia and of the Gallic admiration
of tho. Boers. - The news of the capitula
tion of General Cronje arrived on Mardi
Gras | and served as an occasion . for > a
demonstration against the British. The
crowds parading the boulevards in the
evening raised unceasing shouts of "A baa
Anglais!" "Vive les Boers!" Two En
glishmen who were indiscreetly seated on
the terrace- of a cafe in one of the boule
vards . were noticed and denounced by
some fanatics and ln a few moments the
merry throng of carnival makers was
metamorphosed into- a howling 'crowd,
yelling "Gonspuez les Anglais!"
The Englishmen were struck and forced
to take refuge within the cafe, which the
mob besieged .for an hour, until a strong
body of police arrived. The police charged
and dispersed the crowd, arresting six
person, who will be prosecuted for as
sault;
Boer Reverses Deplored.
The turn of the tide ln favor of Great
Britain in the Transvaal has produced a
painful impression here, although all the
best organs, while eulogizing the heroic
conduct of Cronje's army, pay tribute to
the splendid soldierly qualities shown by
both Roberts' and Buller's troops. A ma
jority of the newspapers urge Great
Britain to seize the present opportunity,
now that her military prestige is restored,
to make peace on the basis of the Indepen
dence of the Transvaal.
'A large section of public opinion de
mands that the European powers shall in
tervene and compel Great Britain to'ac
cept their mediation for the sake of the
two : plucky republics. President McKln
ley is freely, spoken of as the only chief
of state whose intervention could be ac
cepted by Great Britain, but at the same
time the ungracious character of such a
task is fully appreciated and the unlike
liness of . such a step is recognized. The
Figaro says:.-/ , / ¦ .
"Anything is' possible from across the
Atlantic, but the President of the United
States must feel a deep repugnance at the
role .which some people are endeavoring
to impose upon him. Lord Salisbury in
this eventuality will ask reciprocity for
England's attitude ln the Spanish war
and everything indicates that he , would
obtainiit.
One paper, Le Radical, however, falls
Into a rage with America because she
refuses to . risk burning her fingers and
exclaims:
"Alas,. America! The. only country
which can act does not feel, what Is her
duty. She has no conscience; of what she
owes to humanity. Young as she Is, she in
already ' gangrene with ferocious . Anglo-
Saxon selfishness." ."..-¦ _V.v." ¦ -¦''
The foregoing savage criticism of Amer
ican unwillingness to meddle with other
people's affairs is an" isolated incident,
however, and* must be considered aa such.
Sword §of j Honor . j f or , Cronje.
French "• admiration *of General Cronje
has found vent in a subscription opened
by Henri Rochefort in* L'lntransigeant to
present to General Cronje a' sword of
honor, M. Deroulede has sent 100 francs,
accompanied- by, a characteristic letter,
from San Sebastian. : The subscription
reached- over 4000 francs In four days. :
The United -States . auxiliary cruiser
Prairie received a very cordial reception,
on her arrival at Rouen and a movement
is now on foot, headed by the Chamber
of Commerce of Paris, to entertain the
captain and officers of the vessel here. -
'"Deride U6t Any
Men's Infirmities"
Tell him, rather, how to get rid of them.
Most infirmities come from bad* blood and
are cured by Hood's SarsaparSU. Every
person , <who has scrofula, salt rheum,
humors, catarrh, dyspepsia or Rheumatism
should at once begin taking this medicine
. that the infirmity may be promptly removed.
'¦ impure Blood - '.'I -was troubled
¦ 'OiHh pimples, resulting from impure blood.
Since taking, four bottles of flood's Sar-
saparUta', my blood is thoroughly' purified
and the pimples have disappeared. 'lam <
-well." W. H.Matttns, SteubenvSle, O.
The SCOTCH WHISKY
chosen by the Red Cross So-
ciety, London, for use by the in-
valided troops and hospitals in
South Africa, is the famous
"WHITE HORSE. CELLAR"
brand of Mackie & Co., Distill-
ers, Limited.. Islay and Glasgow,
one of the oldest firms in the
trade. On intimation of this,
Messrs. Mackie, with usual gen-
erosity, presented 200 cases free
of charge, and shipped' them by
first steamer to the Cape.
One of the family is a voluiu
teer in the Imperial Yeomanry,
and on his way now to the Gape.
It is hoped he may give a godd
account of himself.
• CHARLES MBINECKK * CO.,
AGENTS PACIFIC COABT,
tli Sacramento St.. B. F. Cml.
Huntington Coming Westward.
NEW YORK. March 3.— The announce
ment was made to-day that C. P. Hunt
lngton would leave this city during the
coming week for Galveston, where he will
Inspect the recent improvements of the
Southern Pacific Company's docks and
terminals. While there President Hunt
lngton, it is said, will give his personal
direction to the plan of concentrating tht
traffic of the overland and Texas Tines
From Texas Huntington will 'Journey to
the Pacific Coast to attend the annual
meeting of the Southern Pacific road at
San Francisco.
No Public Buffalo Preserve.
WASHINGTON, March 3.— The House
Committee on Public Lands has acted ad
versely on tne proposition to- establish a
buffalo preserve of eleven townships In
New Mexico and stock it with a herd of
one hundred of these animals to be given
by C. J. Jones of Kansas. A sub-com
mittee was appointed to prepare a bill
granting a smaller tract fora buffalo
range as a prive te enterprise" and at a
rental. . . . •
Tell of coming nervous prostration. These symptoms serve to warn you
that danger threatens. . *. .
; A HUDYAN
V* V— A Removes the danger, for HUD VAN cures all weak
• Jv^/C - nerve condition*. HUDYAN creates ; bright eyes 1 and
rosy complexions.' - . ' ;
Is your appetite poor, your digestion ira
Ji PHk paired (2), your tongue coated, your memory
fiKgßSßsflß clouded, your skin harsh and dry? If so take
re rcm wea^ c ' irritable. • cross, despond-
WK«M Hl^^ ent, gloomy,. nervous ?:Dq you' lack confidence
fl^l Am in yourself? If so, HUDYAN ' is what you
VB W§ need. ¦ ¦ '•. „
LMaBHH| Do you suffer with headaches (3), backache, pains
Bjwßß in joints (6), fluttering of heart (1), a feeling. of ex-
¦Dl haustion, dizzy sensations? Get HUDYAN at once
nj^m HI and take it according to directions. \
//RS MW HUDYAN cures one and all the above symp-
//^9 K3 toms. HUDYAN is a nerve remedy that is recognized
I -BH [9 by scientific physicians. HUDYAN is an unfailing
// IB HP specific for all such conditions as mentioned above.
tt I H Be cured by HUDYAN— don't become a nervous
II: tU ' B"" 1 ' ". .wreck.'-' " " ¦ , " '. _ •• -.\'
¦»>JB' : H GET H UDY AN from ? our . dra && iBt >
$^P V , ' a package, or six
¦¦-':•¦<'• /: -; ' : packages' * for J $2.50' If your druggist does not-, keep 1
it send direct to the HUDYAN ; REMEDY CO., cor. Stockton, Ellis and
Marketsts.; San Francisco, Cal. ; ' . . ; ' ¦' .>:
r^rinciil* Cwa Consult Free the Hudyan; Doctors. "Call or
: s rree.. wr | t#to t hem.; ¦• ¦
ln their opinion as to- how Mrs. McNa
mara met her end. In brief they charge
the woman's husband with being; respon-
BiDjQ ror it. .•¦¦'., ¦*¦
Jn an Interview to-day Mrs. Bowman
charged that the blindness with which her
sister had been afflicted for the past
ll* ht J > K nln ff e 3earB3 ear8 was caused by: a blow
struck by McNamara one day during a fit
?l J ea '°us passion., She further stated
that ;the only clothes her sister ever had
i, c 1 v . rnlshed and that her husband sup
plied her with none of the comforts and
few of the necessities of life. The appear
ance of the hovel 'in which the couple
lived certainly bears out the last state
menu .' . .
Mr. and Mrs. Bowman state that the
last time they saw. Mrs. McNamara' alive
was about nine weeks ago, when she ter
minate^ a three months' visit at their
Slt?f'' t h vehernen «y deny McNamara's
statements concerning their owing his
wife money, and claim that she never had
sm^.in^ ama ? Is beln * kept under cloBa
surveillance and Pome Interesting develop
ments are expected ln a day or two
Cruisers for Army Service.
WASHINGTON, March 3.—Arrange
ments were made to-^ay.for the transfer
of the auxiliary cruisers Badger and Res
olute from the Navy to the War Depart-,
ment. These vessels were purchased dnr^
ing the Spanish war and are no longer
needed by th>. navy.'" The Badger Is now
at San Francisco and will be fitted out by
the Quartermaster's Department for a
cruise to Alaska, after which she will be
sent- to the Philippines for the Interialand
transport service. The Resolute is under
going repairs at Philadelphia. She will be
placed temporarily ln the service between
New York and the West Indies. .When
*he can be spared it Is Intended to send
her also to the Philippines.
¦ .- .. • . . . <m
Dewey's Appeal Filed.
WASHINGTON. March 3.— The appeal
of Admiral Dewey and his men from the
award of the Court of Claims in the mat-*
ter of the bounty due for the destruction
of .the Spanish - fleet at Manila has been
filed ln the United States Supreme Court.
expressed his regrets to : Judge Mathleu
of the Lavall Law School for the occur
renccof Thursday evening. ;l; l ?
• In^an 'article headed "TlK'Hour Is-'a>
Decisive One" La Patrie, the organ of J.
Israel* Tarte, Minister of. Public Works,
referring, to the attacks of the McGill
students on' Lavall College and the French
newspaper offices, • attributed their action
to the agitation by Tory papers.- which tt
says have been making threats-and hurl
ing disloyalty at the • French-Canadians.
The editorial concludes:
"Is it not a painful spectacle to realize
that we are two steps from civil war? We
are not the aggresors, but we are strong
enough to protect ourselves. We do not
hold the majority of the English-speaking
population of Montreal- ana the country
responsible for the shameful scenes which
disgraced our streets. This is a decisive
hour. The Confederation can only be
maintained by the two races living har
moniously side by side. -There Is very lit
tle to add to what has taken place to rend
the Federal pact asunder and that with
out much delay." .
Yon C&nsot Obtain Life Insurance When Your Kidneys Axe Out of Order.
The most important org-ans in the
human body are the kidneys.
They remove all . the waste and
poison from the system. They are
the natural filters of the body and Just
as sure as water is purer and clearer
after it has passed through a filter, so
is the human system purer, co is the
blood richer and more rosy when the
kidneys are properly performing theli-
functions. You may feel as though
you have no kidney or bladder trouble.
It is be6t to be on the safe side. Find
out whether your father or mother had
kidney trouble, and If so be on your
fruard, for no disease follows from gen-
eration to generation like kidney dis-
ease.
When your kidneys ai« not doing
their work, some of the symptom*
which prove it to you are pain or dull
ache in the back, plenty of ambition
but no strength, sediment in the urine
after standing twenty-four hours,
scanty supply with scaJding Irritation
ln passing it, may be obligred to go often
during the day and to get up many
times during the night. Catarrh of the
bladder, gravel, excess of uric acid,
you may feel as though you have heart
trouble. Rheumatism, bloating, dark
circles under the eyes, weak stomach,
poor digestion are unmistakable evi-
dence that your kidneys need »*mme-
diate attention.
Swamp-Root Is the wonderful dis-
covery of Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kid-
ney and bladder specialist, and it will
be found in the dispensary of every well
regulated hospital; it is taken and rec-
ommended by the foremost physicians
in the land. Thousands of men and
women occupying useful positions to-
day owe their very lives to the use of
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy.
In order that all our readers may
know Swamp-Root for what it is, and
participate in its_ great benefits, every
Call reader who will send their name
and address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bing»
hamton, N. V., will be sent a sample
bottle of Swamp-Root absolutely free
by mail. Also a pamphlet of valuable
information pertaining to kidney and
bladder diseases and containing some
of the thousands of testimonial letter*
received from grateful sufferers cured.
Swamp-Root being so successful out
readers are advised to write for a free
sample bottle and to be sure and state
that they read this generous offer in
the San Francißco Sunday Call when
sending their addresses to Dr. Kilmer &
Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
. If you are already, convinced that
Swamp-Root Is what you need you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and $1 bot-
tlps at drugstores everywhere.
Pertma Is a spectflc In Its operation upon
the mucous membrane. It Is a tonia
which strikes at | ¦» •
the root of all ca-
tarrhal affections. .
It gives tone to r WS&k
the minute blood ./ yjgt
vessels and the ,{ k THI
terminal nerve fib- yta *Q^> mTwl
ers. Catarrh can- Oi ¦
not exist long L^X "J
where Peruna is \ »>Kw - *f
used intelligently. •s?^^ I
Peruna seeks out \^ ¦.""¦*>" : ¦ Jw'
catarrh in all the J\_ v/*^»v
hidden parts of ij^JT*" //Jz'lz?^
the body. When
Peruna, the great #3wS*<S2%«37^
tonic, is used the "Jmj&'i%2*£r
mucous mem- ~ l— * r ¦<>&*
branes of the Hon. John W. Vttt,
whole body are County Auditor for
strength ened, Buffalo, X. Y-.
making catarrh an recommends
Impossibility." • Feruna.
Peruna has no f
rivals, no substitutes. There is but one
scientific, systemic catarrh remedy, and :
that is Peruna. % ! "V- . s
Address The Peruna Medicine Co., Co-
lumbus, Ohio, for a book treating of
catarrh- in . its different phases and
stages.
these fragile vessels- leads to what' Is
known as catarrh. »¦-, - -j •* ¦ ' ¦•
Hon! J. E. Maclas, recent postmaster, at
Porto Rico, in a letter from 1417 X street,
N. W., Washington, D. C.says: ; ••
"An a native born . Cuban, serving^ as
.postmaster - in Porto t -Rico. -I^contracted
. — — — 5 • —.yellow 'fever and
AjMOb . h have been suffer-
mSMiimi&H ln^ from the ill
HF^^^B^ effects of that
¦iM 18, dreadful disease
V|p*W since my return
-. . if! "V E9 home. I was ad-
I U SPJ x vised by a friend
\mWtiL*jJM ¦ ' t0 use Peruna
WSkJumt •".-.* and I can sp*ak
<dfr-KHW " ln the highest
§jjtf^wlr J9^ ' terms of your re-
markable mcdl-
clne - l feel llke
.^|pstsN9sF / '* a new man and
shall take pleas-
hA« i ir u..i.. „ ~ure ln recom-
at Porto Rico. afflicted. It Is a
* } ¦ fine tonic and la
. - In every way a
wonderful medicine. Peruna la a remedy
for catarrh which has become of national
importance.- It has the record of the
greatest catarrh remedy of the age." <
"THE CALL" READERS MAY HAVE A SAMPLE BOTTLE FREE.
DB. KIUMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
REVOLUTIONIZED!
Treatment of Diseases of the Kidneys,
Bladder, Blood and Liver by the
Wonderful New Discovery,
Swamp-Root.
Tens of Thousands of Men and Women Owe^ Their
Health, in Fact Their Lives, to the Wonderful - ~-
Curative Properties of This Great
Kidney Remedy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FI^NCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
PROMOTION
OF CORBIN
OPPOSED
Pettigrew Asks for the
Record of .the Adjutant
General. .
FINANCIAL BILL DEBATED
'". * . s "• •' t . v;. ' : ".V: : ; :
Teller, Declares In the Senate That It
Confers Too Much Power Upon
• the Secretary of the
' ; Treasury.
WASHINGTON, March B.— The Senate
held a brief session to-day, adjourning on
account of the death of Representative
Epes of Virginia. . During the session
Ross of Vermont spoke in opposition to
the seating of M. S. Quay and Teller
spoke in criticism of the conference re
port upon the currency bill. A number of
private pension bills were passed during
the day. i -.'.'¦ '¦ V- " \ '
When the Senate convened Pettlgrew
Introduced and the Senate passed a reso
lution instructing the .Secretary of War
to send to the Senate the court-martial
proceedings of 1564 against Lieutenant
Colonel Corbin, now adjutant general of
the army. The resolution calls for other
information bearing upon General Cor
bin's military record. •
The Quay resolution was then laid be
fore the Senate and Ross of Vermont
argued against the seating of Quay. He
announced that his conclusion had , been
arrived at only after a careful study of
the constitution, and his argument was
based entirely upon his construction of
that instrument. He contended that un
der the constitutional provision- a va
cancy in the Senate could be tilled only
when it occurred during a recess of the
Legislature. The Quay case did not; to
his mind, meet this requirement.
Attacks the Currency Bill.
At the close of Ross* speech Teller of
Colorado took the floor to discuss the
conference report on the financial bill.
He maintained that too much power was
given the Secretary of the "Treasury and
he was opposed to all the provisions of
the measure, which he discussed in de
tail. Teller said he did not believe, it
was a good thing to extend the public
debt, but he did not think the gold stand
ard could be maintained without It. Tel
ler asserted that no effort Had been made
in the last twelve years to .reduce the
public debt, nor would there be by the
Republican party. Teller asked why, with
all the money In the treasury, it could
not be used to pay current. expenses In
stead of. lssuing, k-onds. ." ; ¦
Allison replied that 1 this would prevent
any evil effects from a possible endless
chain and was to prevent a , drain upon
the treasury.
Teller said the power conferred upon
the Secretary of the Treasury under the
proposed law was practically unlimited.
He thought that except In extreme cases
it was a mistake to give unlimited au
thority to an official. He did not. there
fore, believe the Secretary should have
power to suspend the issuance of certifi
cates. There was. to his mind no reason
for ' the ' provision for the exchange of
bonds. ¦ ¦' .
Referring to the 'premium of 6 per cent
on the proposed bonds; Teller argued that
they would still gd' higher the
holder could at any time get the full face
value of them In money, drawing a per
cent interest while holding the bonds,
meantime paying no taxes, lie predicted
that under the operation of the proposed
law the banks could control 'the volume
of -the currency. When they wanted to
create a fall in prices. or to coerce Con
gress thpy- would have nothing to do but
go to • the . treasury with their notes, get
the currency and? return them when they
got ready, thus forcing' contraction or
expansion at will, and thus, he supposed,
flying us that promised elastic currency.
Jnder this provision the banks would
practically control the business of the
country. ...¦;.. •
Believes Gage Is Honest.
Referring to the recent act of the treas
ury in coming to the assistance of the
banks in an emergency, he said that the
money then deposited could not now be
taken out without creating disastrous ef
fects. He did not mean to criticize Sec
retary Gage for his action in the matter.
He did not- believe him to be dishonest,
but under the power, given a dishonest
man in his position could have made un
told wealth out of the transaction. He did
not blame the banks, he said,. but the sys
tem which allowed the Government to go
to their relief when. asked for- relief. Why
should the Government sustain a bank
any more than any other institution?
Teller criticized the bimetallic declara
tion of the bill as silly, and' weak, because
It meant nothing. No man. who had voted
for the bill as It passed had a right to call
himself a bimetallism > Senators who had
etood here for years calling themselves
bimetallists had accepted the -gold stand
ard bill at the dictates of a caucus and the
probability was that they would. co to tho
full length demanded by the banks.
At 3 o'clock the pension appropriation,
bill was taken up, but on account of the
slim attendance of Senators .its final con
sideration was postponed. The Senate
then went Into executive session.
¦ After the executive session • the doors
•were reopened and the Senate took up
private pension bills, of which thirty
seven were passed. • - .
Martin of Virginia announced the death
of Representative Epes. and the following:
Senators were appointed a committee, to
attend the funeral on behalf of the Sen
ate;. Daniel, Martin, Perkins, Scott and
Harris. As a further mark of respect the
Senate then nt 3:45 p. m. adjourned.
Could hardly produce a greater sensation than the
SHAKE-UP in prices In all our departments.
The 2d arid 3d floors (retail) show the biggest
breaks. 20 to 50 per cent off. Bargain hunters re"
warded. Regular goods all marked down.
Unbelievable values— till you call and see.
Clearance of Stock Continues Till Gone !
Must make room quickly for new goods to arrive.
Grocery Dept— lst floor.
It will pay you to watch our advertise-
ments and visit I our store a* often as
possible. We are closing: out 21S dozen
of-the new pack standard 2V4-lb.- Table • •
Fruits, apricots, pears, grapes.* black-
berries, apples, gooseberries, at :. 124 c
233 dozen 1%-lb.- Bolld pack Tomatoes, at - -
7hie per tin; per dozen 850
(To-day's wholesale price.) -
2750 lbs. fancy Saratoga French Prunes,
yon cannot beat them at any price; reg-
.ularly 10c lb; at T%c
740 lbs. Maravllla Ceylon- Tea. In bulk;
regularly $1 lb. ; cost not considered
now; until sold, at 45«
ISO 2 ox. bottles assorted Millionaire
Flavoring Extract; regularly 25c each;
now 3 for 25 o
HO 8 or. bottles assorted Millionaire
Flavoring Extracts; regularly 73c each;.
now .... : 450
150 18 os. bottles assorted Millionaire
- Flavoring Extracts; regularly $1 60
each; now .~ ......SI.OS
15 do*. Seville & Coi'a Baby Pirn Ola's.- *
15c each: dozen 91 .SO
(Nice roods at wholesale price.)
2000 cakes Cudahy's White Ash Soap: 7
-tor — '.i '. .....,....;... ..' : lOe
750 cakes Fairbanks' Fairy Soap; 3 for.. lOc
< doz. Armour's Baked Beans, 2-Ib. tins, v .
each lie
76 1-gal. tins * Eastern packed pure gap .-•
Maple Syrup; regularly $1 SO ............51.15
SO. H-»aI. tins ..Eastern parked .. pur* *'
sap Maple Syrup; regularly 75c .V. 620
(0 <4-Eal. tins Eastern packed pure sap ' :
Maple Syrup; regularly 45c 88e
45 1-qt. glasses Eastern packed pure sap
¦ Maple Syrup; regularly 45c 330
1000 lbs. Cream of Maize; regularly 7c -
Ib.': I lbs. for .V..... ...;.....-... .;..>....:. 35«
- (Breakfast . Mush made from .Corn.) ¦ """
2850 lbs, ¦ broken Java Coffee a;reen; reg- - ¦'
ularly 16c per lb: 8 lbs f0r...... .91.00
Same foods roasted, 20c lb; now .......... ISc
140 doz. New Tork State Pure Food Sweet -
Corn; regularly tl SO doe.; now 10a. tin;
per do*. .......... ....!... ....... :.1.... ...... f1.10
We guarantee our 8. CS. Fancy Family ¦ .<•;
Flour to b« not' only as a;6od aa
Sperry's. but to please you. Try a sack
at our ri5k '..1....'...:.... :..;....:.:.: BSe
For Your House-^3d floor.
Former prices were conspicuously low.
«0c Linoleum-......:............... .'... 4Sc
30c Mattlns ........ ._. 2Oc
10c Wall Paper. n«w...: TVio
12Hc Cotton Batting '- £«
It 25 Smyrna Rugs •\-«*SS
75c Art Squares ..."....;.... :..... ,5I* C
60c Window Shade* ;~., §5°
90c Chamoli Skins «»•»«
75c Chamot» Sklna «PxS
li 00 Marysville Blankets ..94.00
asfialAßlall ¦ Jf%P 7 tlocr * equally well stocked
¦A" and low priced. Telephone order*.
M H I. U W to Main 134 °- Oup teams pass
¦ Mm vonrdoo,dai«y.
V rlvF II jaf IV l\li BAK FRANCXSCQI
NOT!
• Fop Gentlemen.
A busy department and deserrM ft.
$1 CO Underwear natural wool iiliea 40 to
48. per garment — " TSe
SOc French Balbrlggan Underwear, per
garment .- :.. SRo
10c Pfiml»si U, Hwp tla
10c .Seamless H Hose ••••- •»«*
10c Heavy H Hose - B«
»13 00 Cape Nome Parkay 97.n0
$35 00 Cape Nome Fur Suit ....fIS.OO
$S 00 Men's Overcoats : 93.00
$3 SO Men** Overcoats #S-5O
Men's fine, lift Overcoats 910.30
Men's Good 5* Salts _..*S.«M>
Men's Fine H Hose. 4 for 23c
Boys' Suits at hall prlc*. .
Notions— 2d floor.
i ' ? * Prices by far to© low.
15c Xo. 13 All-Silk Rtbbon , lOe
10c No. 7 All-Silk Ribbon Se
15c Ladles' Side Elastics Se
Jsc Val. Lace, dozen yards 12«
5c Pillow Case Lace .'.... 3«
25c Ladles' Vests :\",— ia H«>
8c Ladles' Embroidered Handkerchief a.. 4c
Dry Goods. .
15c Sateens, (rood style .V. *H«
tl 25 Home Made Wrappers .-..;..... OSo
16c Brocade Sateens 1O«
6Hc Dress Prints, dark colors 4c ¦
IJHc Cretonnes "•? -So'"
(Oc Umbrellas, neat, and rood 250 '
Toy Department,
Wt overstate nothing. An «gr«eabJ« . .1:
disappointment awaits yon! - -
JSc Dressed Dolls, new stock ......'... 13H«
10c Dressed Dolls TSe
tl 00 Dressed Dolls, vtry fancy BOc
SOc China Doll Heads .'. ; BSe
Uc China Doll Haada is«
10c China Dolls ..:......... ,te
tl 00 Games' COc
tic Oaniea 12Ue
10c Games So
5c Games ...'.'...'. «. .:.. 2<4e
15c box 100 Marbles ....:..' TV4e
KJc box. 100 Marbles lOe
Boots and Shoes— Selling All Off
$1 00 Children* Shoes ..: R,"j c '
tl BO Women's Spring; Heela ....»l.lt» '
tl 60 Women's Button Shoe* ft.lt> ¦ '
tt SO Porpoise Shoes 91. t0
t3 SO. Alaska Pacs »2.R«» .
t2 00 Men* Ktp Bala .....st.Tß-
tl 00 Tennis Shoes -.« 7Se
tl 50 Tan Bals ..;...„„ OOc ,
The Chief Justice of Samo4 Says
Peruna Is the Very Best Catarrh Cure
: ¦'•' ¦ • M ¦ — "^^ — - : ~~ — wH3 .<* ' ¦' - ¦ •-
.„_.- =# — =n -ptj • - j _ x - ¦ Pjpl^jusTicß
<'4 V* % ".i 'V ~ v" ' (T\ ¦ f^fi-S '] I~• -• ZZfifflffi CHAMBERS
Court Room Scene Where Judge Chambers Maintained the Supremacy of the United States in Samoa.
In a recent letter to The Peruna Medicine Co., Chief Justice Chambers says the following of Peruna/ ;
y tnedpi^bjof(^ of Peruna; and I can truthfully say
it is one of the best tonics ! ever used, and I take pleasure in
rebbmmehding it to all sufferers tvHoJare in need of a good
medicine. '¦ I can recommend it as one of the very best reme-
dies for catarrh.'' W> L Chambers.
14FUMPS AND GASOLINE £ KOINES.
All kinds of Pumpt and Gasoline Engines.
WOODIN A. LITTLE, 312 Market St.. 8. F.
ANONYMOUS ATTACK ON
CHARLESTON'S OFFICERS
Unknown Writer Says Drunkenness
Was the Cause of the' Loss of
the Cruiser.
WASHINGTON. March 3.— Sensational
charges are contained in an anonymous
letter which has been received at the
Navy Department from Manila. The
communication relates to the wrecking of
the Charleston and makes the serious
statement that a number of officers of the
vessel at the time of the disaster were
under the influence of liquor. The corre
spondent who furnishes the information
claims to have verified the allegations by
dillgient inquiry among the officers of the
Charleston.
The letter was not placed on the official
filee, on account of the peculiar nature of
the charges, but It has been referred to
the'Judpe Advocate General of the navy
with instructions from Secretary Long
that the matter be Investigated at once.
This inquiry probably will not take, a
more formidable aspect than that of a
note of inquiry addressed to the comman
der in chief of the Asiatic station.
Naval officers here who have seen the
letter say there was nothing to Justify
the charges, and they believe the depart
ment's inquiry will relieve the accused of
ficers from the unwarranted allegations.
Captain Pigman, who commanded the
Charleston at the time of the wreck, is
not involved in any of the charges.
HART RESIGNS.
Lost a Fortune in the Third Avenue
Railroad. ~"^. : f
NEW YORK. March 3.— At a Joint meet
ing of the directors of the Drydock, East
Broadway, and Batter}', and the Forty
second street. Manhattanville and 'St.
Nicholas avenue railway companies called
for to-day by. Hugh J. Grant, receiver of
the Third avenue railroad. E. J. Ellas re
signed the presidency of both the subsi
diary companies. . ----.:_• ¦
Henry Hart has resigned the vice presi
dency of tho Forty-second, street road.
OOLO SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL, GoM Savlnr Machine. «9 Fol-
eom *treet. Oriental Gas Enelne Company.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
EAVES ftce rold. In dally operation at *M
Deals «t., San FrancUco.
AMALGAMATORS.
EAVE GOLD-Krorn Mfj. C 0. .. I Stevenson
st. Ama!r«JS*tor«, Eand Centrlfagal Pumps.
Life insurance is
good for your family.
Health insurance is
good for both YOU
and your family.
You collect health insurance by
living. You have to die before life
insurance can be collected.
If you knew your health was
threatened you'd insure it if you
could. You can insure your health.
The stomach is the vital center
of the body. The whole body is
nourished from the stomach. The
Mood is made in the stomach. A
disordered stomach means disor-
* -red blood, disordered body, disor-
dered brain. You never heard of
a sick person with a sound stomach.
Make your stomach sound and
you insure your health v
How? As thousands of others
have done by the use of Doctor
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery.
It's the one sure medicine for the
stomach. It heals. It strengthens.
"Words fail to express what I suffered
for three years, with cold chills, palpitation
of heart, shortness of breath, and low spir-
its," writes Mrs. A. C Jones, of Walter-
boro. Colletoa Co., S. C "I could not
sleep ar.d really thought I would soon die.
Had a peculiar roaring; through my head
all the time. Was so emaciated and weak
I could not feed myself. My aunt induced
me to try Dr. Pierces Goldea Medical Dis-
covery, which I did, only to please her, and
six bottles cured me. To-day am sound
and well. During: the three rears I was
tick I had five different physicians."
Consult Dr. Pierce by letter, free.
All correspondence private. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y.
Has Congestion, of the
Lungs, With Symptoms
of- Pneumonia.
Her Condition Considered So Grava
That Physicians Order That No
One Be Permitted to Enter
the Sickroom.
.
NEW YORK. March 4.— Tho Journal and
Advertiser says: Mrs. Leland Stanford,
widow of the late multi-millionaire Sena
tor from California, is dangerously 111 at
the Fifth-avenue Hotel. Mrs. Stanford
came to this city from the "West two
weeks ago to attend to business affairs,
with the object in view. It is said, of con
verting some of her Southern Pacific Rail
road stock into cash for the Leland Stan
ford University.
Ten days ago Mrs. Stanford contracted
a cold while out driving and the next day
was confined to her room. Physicians
were sent for and advised caution, al
though at the time the illness was not
thought to be serious.
Mrs. Stanford, in spite of remedies,
however, grew worse. The fact of her
illness was telegraphed to her brother In
California, with consoling assurances, but
the daily bulletins were such as to glva
him the greatest alarm.
Mrs. Stanford's condition did not be
come really serious until two days ago.
when the lungs became congested and
symptoms of pneumonia developed. As
soon as these alarming symptoms became
apparent the physicians instructed the
nurses and Mrs. Stanford's secretary that
no one under any circumstances should
be permitted to see the patient- for at
least four days. In that time It Is hoped
to discover if the illness had been- compli
cated and is of so grave a character that
relatives must be summoned to the bed
side.
PERMITS TO
WORK SOLD
TO MINERS
Officials Waxed Pit Under
Martial Law in the
Coßur d'Alenes.
"BULL PEN" A DEATH- TRAP
Prisoners Emerged ' From the Foul
Quarters Broken in Health After
Their Long Con
finement.
WASHINGTON. M*rch3.-Ed ward Flan
i&an of Mullan, Idaho, continued his testi
mony before the Hojse Committee on Mil
itary Affairs concerning the Coeur d*Al<?no
troubles. He said notices were posted ear
ly last July forbicding members of orca
r.ired labor from going to the miners' cem
etery on July 11 for their annual ceremony
over deceased miners. The order. v.'ltnr«s
*aid. gave notice that women and other
I datives of miners would be arreste.t if
they assembled.
Chairman Hull brought out the state
ment that Stute Auditor Sinclair Bartloit
FSgned the notice as a representative of
Governor Steunenberg, who. the witness
eaid, represented the Democratic and Sil
ver parties. Notwithstanding the ord*r,
a. number of women secretly carried flow
ers to the miners' graves, but as rhere
was no organized demonstration they
¦were not arrested.
¦Flanigan explained the "permit" sys
tem put into effect after the military ar
rived. Under this system, he said, men
could not go to' work unless they got a
permit from the State officials, "fhe wit
ness said permits to work were purchas
able. He advanced $2 50 to a friend, v. ho
paid it to a deputy and was put at work
ihe next day. Letters to men in the "bull
Een." he said, were opened by the officials
efore delivery to the prisoners.
D. R. Heney. formerly a. miner and now
an owner of mining and oihtr property.
:est!Sed as to his experience during the
trouble. He ha* been appointed a deputy
sheriff, ar.d seeking to preserve the petic
. rdered the saloons closed. The witness
he wa« arrested by one of the St.iie
deputies, accompanied by a squad of sol
diers, and put into the •"bull pen. ' H«
taid he could have given bail up to JIOO.'JOu,
but was not allowed to do so. He dc
: ailed numerous instances of alleged
prejudice in proceedings before the
<"oroner. saying witnesses who testifiM
njrainst the accused miners were relea.se/1,
¦while those favorable to them were held.
Sight Permanently Impaired.
Heney said one of the men. after having
¦been in. a dark guardhouse for a week.
cane out unable to use his eyes, and in
The witness' opinion his eyesight was per
manently impaired. The men in the "pen,"
he said, were physically broken down
after their long confinement- He lest
twenty pounds during his stay.
There was a sharp controversy between
TENTS AND » OVERS.
MsvilLE & CO.. manufacturers, bars, Unts,
coven. 21 tad S C&UXornU tv
ENGI-^ES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER * HAMILTON. Enrlnea and Boilers;
lowest trices on the coaat. Pine * Davis et».
DREDGING PUMPS
Oil. Gasoline. Steam Hoists. Ontrtfural Pumps,
r>.rfnes&:Boilers.HendyMach.Wks.. 40 Fremont.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Bupply fresh or salt water for clulce boxes:
high or low lifts. SlmondE. S3 Market st
- SAND CENTRIFUOAL PUMPS.
Lift Gold-Bearlnr Sands perfectly. In opera-
tion, at €2i Sixth st BTROX JACKSON.
PLATES FOR SAVING GOLO.
EchaezMn & Burridje. 3 Hardie place. oC
Kearay. brtwi?en Sutter and Bu«h streets.
I PORTABLE HOUSES.
EL'RNHAM-STAXDEFORD CO.. Washington
acd let Bte..- Oakland, or Builders' Ex-. 8- *•
LT-RniCATING CHI Crude OH and Gasoline.
EXSIGV & McGUfcTICK. 2J Spear St.. S. F.
. ADVEBTISEMENTS.
m m
To cure a Cold in one day,"
Take "77."
To check a touch of the Grip,:
Take "77."
To "break up" a Cold that "hangs on,"
Take "77." ;
Edition de Luxe.
Dr. Humphreys' Manual, in white and
gold,' sent I free. Tells about \ the care,
treatment and cure of the sick. < A chap-
ter especially, on the Diseases , of Chil-
dren.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medlctn* Co.. cop-
net William and John sts,. ; New York.
COLDS
: GASOLINE ENGINE':.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is tLWns
lai-re numbers ef ordera for Isome. 141-141
First rt.. 6. F.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOOr.E Improved Gold Separator * Rotary
ATntL.Kzma.ior on exhibition. «J Sterennon »t.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
Representative Lentz and other members
of the committee as to whether the wit
nesses should be interrogated on the po
litical connections of various persons re
ferred to in the testimony. The comml'.
tee finally decided by a vote of five to t\V3
to permit inquiries on this line.
Moses Simmons. County Commissioner
at Murray, thirty-two miles from Wa.d
r.er. testified that the mine authorities ap
pealed to him on April 26, stating the
Bunker Hill mine was in the hands of a
mob. On Inquiry he did not consider it
necessary to take any unusual steps.
Later he was removed from office and ar
rested. Simmons will continue his testi
mony on Monday.
J. F. Mulholland, president of the Inter
national Union of Bicycle Workers, wm
among those present at the hearing to
day. ¦-'•¦'¦'y.-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
He is 90 years of age, and It is said he
will lose the greater part of his fortune
of JIS.CNXi.OOO Invested in the Third Avenue
Company. The Remser estate, next to
Hart, was the largest shareholder and has
J15.000,0i)0 invested. The stock of the Third
Avenue Company rose 734 points to-day.
ADMINISTRATION BLOCKS
HEPBURN'S CANAL BILL
Would Prevent Its Passage Until the
Hay-Pauncefote Treaty Re
Ratified.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 3.—Representa
tive Hepburn may find Speaker Hender
son standing across his path next Monday
when be tries to get up his resolution
setting a day for the consideration of the
Nicaraguan canal bill. Administration In
fluences are being exerted to the utmost
to prevent consideration , of the bill be
fore the ratification of the pending Hay-
Pauncef ote treaty by the Senate. It is
believed that If the House should pass
the bill without regard for the convention
It would complicate matters In the Sen.
ate. The passage of the bill by the House
at this time would be considered by
friends of the administration as a reflec
tion on the President. .
The Hepburn bill proceeds on the theory
that the " Clay ton-Bulwer treaty Is no
longer binding. The administration be
lieves that it is, and acted on this belief
in. negotiating the new treaty. If the
House should now pass the Hepburn bill
it would be construed as a condemnation
by the House of the course of the admin
istration in negotiating that treaty. For
this reason Speaker Henderson Is being
urged not to recognize Hepburn on Mon
day to call up his proposed resolution, and
It Is said that the Representative will
not be recognized.
Ludlow to Remain at Havana.
WASHINGTON. March 3.— lt Is said at
the War Department that' there is no Im
mediate Intention to make any changes in
the military commands in Cuba. A spe
cific denial was made of the story that
General Fitzhugh Lee is to succeed Gen
eral Ludlow as military governor of the
city of Havana. General Ludlow's ass'gn
ment as president of the Military War
College is not intended to interfere with
his duties .In Havana, and, so far as
known, he is likely to continue to act 'in
this capacity until the War Department
has formulated Its plans for the with
drawal of a large portion of the military
forces in Cuba.
Troops for Zoreta.
LIMA, Peru, March 3.— Colonel Parra,
Minister of Home Affairs, , accompanied
by 500 men of the Infantry, "cavalry and
artillery, will leave here to-day for Zorcta
via Cajamirica, on the river Amazon"
During his absence his post will be filled
by the r present '¦ Prefect of ¦ Lima, Senor
Rodriguez Ramjrei
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, March 3.
—The House to-day passed Representa
tive de Vries' resolution authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to open negotia
tions for the purchase of. and, if possi
ble, to bond the Calaveras big tree grove.
Speaker Henderson recognized Mr. de
Vries Immediately after the first routine
work of the- day was completed. As the
result of excellent missionary work done
yesterday by the California representa
tives among the members of the House,
not an objection was heard when unani
mous consent to the passage of the reso
lution was asked.
On Tuesday or Wednesday Senator
Perkins will call up the measure In the
Senate, where It will pass with equal
promptness. Mr. de Vries hopes to lay
the engrossed bill before the President
for his signature not later than Wednes
day. . '
Under the terms of the resolution, an
amicable effort for the purchase of the
big tree groves must first be made. Rob
ert Whiteside of Duluth. Minn., holds the
bond for Mr. Sperry for the sale of these
trees. Correspondence has already been
opened with Mr. Whiteside to learn his
disposition In the matter. It is believed
that he will consent to the sale of the
groves. If he does not consent, or if
he evinces a disposition to raise objec
tions, with a view to Increasing the price
of the groves. Mr. de Vries will follow
up to-day's resolution with another, au
thorizing and directing the Secretary of
the Interior to institute condemnation
proceedings to acquire the property. But
as a matter of fact it is believed Mr.
Whiteside will co-operate with Mr. de
Vries and that the groves will be pur
chased speedily and at a reasonable fig
ure.
The California delegation has acted as
a unit in the matter and has been great
ly assisted by the earnest work of the
California Club and other organizations
in the State.
SAVE THE TREES.
Resolution of the Native Sons to Be
Forwarded to Congress.
The board of grand officers of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West met yes
terday afternoon and took action In re
gard to the preservation of the big trees.
The following resolutions were adopted
and will be forwarded to Congress:
"Be it hereby resolved, That the Grand
Parlor of the Native Sons of the Golden
West, through Its board of grand officers,
under whose jurisdiction there are 206
parlors, with nore than 10,000 members,
enthusiastically embraces this opportun
ity to unite in the protest against the pro
fane annihilation of nature's noblest for
est, and prays, with all the rest of Cali
fornia, that the Congress of these United
States enjoin the vandal footsteps now
advancing to Its destruction, and condemn
the lands and groves for national reserva
tions that they may forever remain, to
gether with the Yellowstone Park and the
Yosemlte Valley, a trinity of wonders, ex
citing the amazement and commanding
the admiration of travelers from all the
countries of the world."
Subsequently the following was adopted
by the representatives of the Past Presi
dents' Association of the Native Sons:
The Association of Past Presidents of
the Native Sons of the Golden West
heartily indorses the above resolution and
urges our delegation in Congress to take
immediate action on the pending bills in
the Senate and House of Representatives.
John A. Steinbach (president), James J.
Jamison (secretary), Frank J. Murasky,
Frank Mattison, C. H. Garoutte, M. T.
Dooling, R. C. Rust, Percy V. Long and
Henry Lunstedt, committee.
Archbishop Hennessy Dying.
DUBUQUE, lowa. March 3.— At 1
o'clock this morning Archbishop Hen-
nessy received his third paralytic stroke-
It was light, but terribly suggestive of
the end. It Is hardly possible that he can
last much longer.
EDITORS ELECT OFFICERS.
W. F. Parrett President of the Na-
tional Association.
NEW ORLEANS. March 3.— The con
vention of tho National Editorial Asso
ciation came to a close to-day with the
selection of Buffalo, N. V., as the next
meeting-place and the election of the fol
lowing officers: President, W. P\ Parr^tt.
Reporter, Waterloo, Iowa: first vice
president. E. W. Stevens, Herald, Colum
bia. Mo.; second vice president, F. B.
Ballio,. Review, Cleburne, Texas; third
vice president, J. W. N. Burkett. Dis
patch, Jackson, Term. ; corresponding
secretary, J. M. Page, Democrat, Jersey
vllle. 111.; recording secretary, R. M.
scendental. In other words, to halo th<?
war heroism in behalf of the empire. th»
considerations which formerly Influenced
Lord (U.lifibury in dealing with CanaOian-
Amerlcan matters must now be sacrificed.
White, Ledger. Mexico, Mo.; treasurer,
James G. Glbbs, Reflector. Norv/alk.
Ohio; sergeant at arms, William B. Bol
ton. Live Stock Inspector, Woodward,
Oklahoma.
The editors will spend two or three
days' sight-seeing on the Gulf coast and
leave for St. Louis on "Wednesday night.
Canal Commission at Panama.
Special Cable to The Call and the Xevr York
Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the Mew York
Herald Company.
PANAMA. March 3.— The United States
Canal Commission arrived this eveniujr on
the Pacific Mail steamship City of Syd
ney. AH are well. The Commissioners
will start work on Monday. M. Royer,
director of the Panama Canal Company,
has been fully instructed from Paris to
give them every facility for examining
and surveying the Panama canal. In
structions have been issued to all subor
dinates on the line to the same effect.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
House Passes Unanimously De Vries'
• Resolution for the Purchase of
the Calaveras Groves.
MRS. STANFORD
SERIOUSLY ILL
AT NEW YORK
CALIFORNIA'S BIG TREES
SAVED TO THE STATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STXNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
ATTITUDE OF
AMERICA NOW
GIVES ALARM
England Fears an Anti-Brit
ish Demonstration in
MISLED BY NEWSPAPERS
.
Made to Believe the Administration,
Will Act in Order to Win
Votes in the Coming
Election.
— •
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Press.
LONDON. Ma^ch 3.— "With the triumph
of the British arms the bogy of Conti
nental Interference has passed Into se
clusion and now a new and more curious
(and, to Americans, more interesting)
phase comes over the fascinating web of
international relations as portrayed
through the press. This consists of sup
positions regarding the attitude of the
American Congress toward Great Britain;
the possibility of its recommending Inter
vention, voting sympathy with the Boers,
refusing to ratify the Nicaragua treaty,
and lastly, but chiefly, refusing to con
sider the Canadian contentions in a spirit
of friendliness. The great public interest
in aU, this is mainly the result of many
special cable dispatches from English cor
respondents, stating that the administra
tion, being severely attacked for alleged
friendliness toward Great Britain and in
view of the coming election, might be
forced*, to make some sort of an anti-
British demonstration in order to offset
such accusations as that of forming an
alliance.
To cap this climax comes a strenuous
appeal in the Times to-day that Lord
Pauncefote, the British Embassador at
Washington, should be retained, at any
rate, until the election is over.
Chamberlain Has Protested.
Inquiries reveal the fact that the Gov
ernment's attitude, which is the only ons
worth anything at present, must be con
sidered from two points of view — that of
the Foreign Office and that of the Colo
nial Office. Between these there is a
great gulf, daily widening, not so much
personally between Lord Salisbury and
Joseph Chamberlain, the Secretary of
State for the Colonies, as between their
departments.
For weeks the friction has been growing
until the Colonial Office is almost at log
gerheads not only with the Foreign Of
tice, but with almost every other depart
ment. To such an extent has this gone
that any minor detail of business sub
mitted to the Colonial Office by outsiders
but requiring the sanction, say, of the
War Office, is almost certain to fail to go
through owing to Chamberlain's unwill
ingness to co-operate with other heads.
Alliance Not Possible.
It Is the Foreign Office and the Colonial
Office which may be said to be chiefly con
cerned in the relations with the United
States. The former meets all the situa
tions broadly, as It would in dealing with
any Contine'nial power. The latter looks
at "all United States matters through the
eye of Canada. Hence, between the two
departments there are differences of
opinion and sometimes friction. Regard
ing Lord Salisbury's point of view the
Associated Press is able to say that he is
averse to any form of Anglo-American
alliance, believing that the constitution
is unsuited to such a bond. To use the
words of one who is in the closest confi
dence of the Premier the. politics of the
United States have, such an influence on
foreign policy and -render the duration of
supreme power so uncertain that any alli
ance would kill Itself Quicker than any
one could kill it. He feels under no obli
gations to foster pro-English sentiment
in the United States. -In - fact, for the
most part, he remains in profound ignor
ance as to the trend of American public
opinion. His idea, as represented by the
speaker just quoted, is to trade fairly and
squarely without embroiling himself with
any extraneous matters, nor does he de
sire to sacrifice the good of the whole em
pire for the sake of Canada alone. In the
case of Lord Pauncefote, Lord Salisbury
has taken no steps and at present does
not contemplate doing anything to pre
vent Lord Pauncefote from retiring April
1, in accordance with the age limlit of the
diplomatic service. '
Chamberlain Iff akin g Trouble.
But while Lord Salisbury and the For
eign Office confine themselves to the bread
issues at stake and marvel at the account
attributing to them a desire to form an
American alliance the Colonial Office bus
ies itself with minute considerations, and
apparently conforms its opinions and a;
tions to meeting:, in behalf of Canada, the
political feeling in the United States as
cabled by the English correspondents.
Thus Mr. Chamberlain several times has
protested against projected agreements
with the United States, and has sometimes
prevailed. At present there prevails In the
Colonial Office an overwhelming dread of
American complications, Fenian raids into
Canada and wrat not. while there are
hopes of getting the Alaskan and other
disputes settled. The lew ebb of this feel
ing is not shared in the slightest by tho
Foreign Office. Mr. Chamberlain also
exhibits almost painful anxiety to keop
in touch with the party in power in Cana
da, the latest instance of which is in his
cable to the Australian governments ask
ing if they could raise 23Q0 troops. As
published here, the report said "in the
event of imperial troops being needed else
where," and several papers interpreted
this to mean that the Government fsared
European hostility. But it is learned that
Mr Chamberlain merely asked for troops,
neither mentioning, nor contemplating any
such contingency as conveyed by the er
roneously reported addition to the request.
It was originally intended that these
troops should come from Canada, perhaps
augmented by many Britishers from the
United States, -who by letters to the Con
suls the War Office and others had vol
unteered, and with this form a bo«1y of
5000 rough riders for service in South Af
rica under General Sir Frederick Ca.rrln*-
However. iwayed by the difference* In
the Canadian Parliament and the reported
disinclination of the Canadian Premier,
Sir Wilfrid Laurler, to come out boldly In
favor of sending more troops, Mr. Cham
berlain has left Canada out In the cold
and has asked Australia to furnlah the
men. ? .
Another curious view, which seems to
be taken by the Colonial Office and the
writers of the press in close touch with
that department, is that since Canada ha*
split blood for the cause of Great Britain
Canada's various contentions with, tna
United States must be considered as tran-
gAII-wool ready-made 1
I blue serge suits *\\j §
|| If you have the slightest desire for a blue serge, see H
B ours for $1000 and you will want one at onee — especially I
¦ Each week of this sale has been better than the one B
H previous — that shows how popular the serge is. B
B No wonder 1 The blue serge is a serviceable, sightly B
¦ cloth and makes the most dressy business suit possible. fl
fl Our serges are single and double breasted, made with . fl
I care, cut with skill, dyed with fast color and fully guaran- . fl
fl 'Our guarantee is: Money returned if you want it or I
|iJ rC f% m» 7 lx/\ Ifl fl S^fc 1 1 If* Cat fl
fl Here Is a good bargain in our boys' clothing department — Middy fl
n Suits of blue cheviot, with sailor collars; vestee and collar elegantly 9
fl trimmed with five rows of soutache, "either of^hite, blue or black; fl
fl ages 3to 8 years; we consider the value $2.25 — for a short time we 'fl
H We fill all out-of-town orders for clothing, hats and furnishings. Write to us for our H
M /llustratea catalogue No. 2 — it will help you in your ordering. Should you order clothing ~H
H we send a self-measuring blank, which assures you of getting a good fit Write us to-day. H
"^ ' k - •¦ * ¦ t
OTLS.
15
Specimens of the Eig Trees That a Fight Is Now Being
Made to Save.
MRS. LELAND STANFORD.military cabinet. Several members of the
President's household were also present.
General Porter introduced Mr. Thomp
son to President Loubet, and the pre
sentation of the dollar was then made by
Mr. Thompson. He said:
Mr. President:; In the name, and on behalf
of the President of the United States, I hare
the distinguished honor of extending to you,
the high representative of the republic of
France, salutations and greetings of friendship.
From the 17th of October, lS9B,;the anniver
sary of the victory of Yorktown," won by th«
French and American arms in the cause of
liberty, the American school youths were in
vited by ; the President and Governors of the
several States of the United States to contrib
ute their pennies toward ¦ the erection of • the
monument ln Paris to a son of France, our
great and venerated ally. General Lafayette.
The response of the children was universal,
the movement a splendid success. In further
aid and in honor of the work an Issue of 50.000
souvenir sliver dollars ! was appropriated and
ordered struck by Congress.
Of these 60,000 Lafayette dollars the first to
issue from the Mint was especially preserved
for your Excellency by the President of the
United States, and I have now the distinguished
honor, Mr. President, of presenting to you this
coin, a simple and sympathetic token in his
name and for the people of the United States.
I voice the sentiments of my countrymen
•when I express the hope that this memorial
dollar, etamped with the likeness of Wash
ington and Liafayette, may remain always, as
it is to-day, an emblem of the amity and the
unity of purpose of the two great republics of
the world.
Loubet Deeply Touched.
In reply the President said he was deep
ly touched by the kind thought of Amer
ica's President and people, and particu
larly by the gracious manner in which the
coin had been presented to him by Mr.
Thompson. He begged the latter to be the
interpreter to the President of his warm
est thanks and sentiments toward Presi
dent McKinley and the American nation
which animated the President and Gov
ernment of the French republic. M. Loubet
added that he congratulated himself on
receiving this souvenir, which was a frseh
pledge of the reciprocal ties of esteem and
friendship which had so long united
France and the United States and which
he hoped to see draw closer and stronger.
President Loubet concluded by saying
that it was especially agreeable to him
that the mission was intrusted to Mr.
Thompson, in view of the initiatory part
which the latter took in the subscriptions
of the school children to erect a monu
ment to General Lafayette in Paris.
The French President then invited Gen
eral Porter, and Mr. Thompson to stay to
luncheon, at which Madame Loubet and
M. Delcasse were present., ,
During the luncheon'which followed, M.
Loubet engaged ln animated conversation
with General Porter and Mr. Thompson,
in which he accentuated and amplified
what he had. previously said ln his formal
response on the subject of the historical
and sentimental ties between the two re
publics and his sincere desire for a good
understanding. He alluded to the Franco-
American reciprocity treaty now before
the two parliaments, and dwelt upon the
mutual advantages he hoped would ac
crue therefrom, expressing his opinion
that not? merely the articles directly af
fected by the treaty would benefit, but
that the whole trade between the two
countries would undergo sympathetic ex
pansion, and that the channel of com
mercial Intercourse would widen inevita
bly ln the course of time.
Mutual Trade Relations.
"We both have reasons to desire a de
velopment of mutual trade," M. Lou
bet remarked. "You want our luxuries
and we need your articles of necessity."
The President then spoke of the great
wheat production of the United States
and its enormous agricultural possibili
ties.
Mr. Thompson told the President there
was a movement on foot ln Chicago to
found a branch of the Sons of the Ameri
can Revolution among the descendants of
French soldiers who had fought side by
side with, the American colonists in the
war of independence. President Loubet
showed keen Interest ln the idea and Mr.
Thompson left with a confident feeling
that the French'authoritles here will give
the fullest assistance to the establish
ment of a French ¦ branch and in search
ing the military records for the names of
those who participated In the war.
General Porter and Mr. Thompson were
delighted with the exceptional cordiality
of their reception. The function differed
from- the usual ceremonies of the kind
in the absence of chilling, formality, : M.
Loubet putting his visitors at complete
ease by the affability of his greeting. .
The President placed the Presidential
box at the Theater :Francaise on Monday
and at the opera on ' Wednesday at | Mr.
Thompson's disposal. The latter will send
Madame Loubet a Lafayette dollar.;
FRANCE ANXIOUS FOR
AMERICAN FRIENDSHIP
Copyrighted. 1900, by the Associated Press.
PARIS,; March > 3.— France, "beyond a
doubt, «s anxious for ' the hand- grip of
friendship | of » the United ', States ; and not
only 1b I this true of the j Government, 1 but
of all ; responsible s French politicians as
well. The : presentation Tof the ; Lafayette
dollar to President i Loubet : to-day\ fur-
GIFT OF A COIN
AS AN EARNEST
OF GOOD WILL
—T*
President McKinley Sends
Greeting to the Chief
Executive of France.
First of the Lafayette Dollars Pre
sented to M. Loubet in the
Name of the American
People.
PARIS, March 3.— Robert J. Thompson,
secretary of the Lafayette Monument
Commission, as special commissioner of
the United States, representing the Presi
dent and in his name presented President
Loubet this morning the first of the La
fayette dollars, which was Inclosed In a
casket costing $1000. The presentation toon
place at Elysee Palace.
Mr. Thompson, accompanied by the
United States Embassador, General Hor
ace Porter, drove from the embassy to the
palace in the.Embassador's carriage. On
arriving at the Elysee. at 11:45 a. m., they
were received by M. Mellard, sub-direotor
of the protocol, and Captain Haguet of
the French navy, who was the officer 01
duty. The Americans were conducted to
the President's study, where M. Loubet
was awaiting them. By his side were M.
Delcasse, the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
and General Baillaud of the President's
This photograph shows the residence, barn and surrounding grove of Mr. Lowentrout, which are situate on section
25 and are on the opposite side of the street from the land in controversy, namely, section 30. The printed inscription on
the bottom of the picture is declared to be absolutely false.
1891; that the section 30 contest cases had
been tried before him. and that he was
familiar with the premises in dispute.
Witness was subjected to a rigid exam
ination by Houghton with a view to es
tablishing what knowledge he had of the
premises to Justify certain passages of his
written decision. Houghton asked witness
whether counsel for Gage or any other
counsel opposed to Atwater, Gunther and
Newman had called attention in court to
any error In the photograph or inscrip
tion known as exhibit 57. The objection
was overruled. Witness could not remem
ber.
H. Newman was next called to the
stand. He testified that he resided in Riv
erside and was one of the contestants for
section 30. ¦ Witness remembered photo
graphs taken in 1595 by Corl & Sanborn.
He was not with Corl when the pictures
were taken. He testified as to who was in
Houghton's room when the affidavits were
made. He said there were Houghton, At
water, Gunther, Corl and himself.
Houghton on the. Stand.
At the afternoon session Houghton took
the stand ln his own defense. He test'
fied that he was the attorney for contest
ants Atwater, Gunther and Newman in
the section SO case. He said that the af
fidavits in question were made ln connec
tion, with the petition by Gage for a re-re
vlew of the proceedings before the Land
Department. "Witness said that the pnoto
graphs were made with the view of show
ing the improvements on the homestead
claims and that the property was subject
to homestead filings. There was no inten
tion of deceiving any one or of gaining
any unfair advantage over Matthew Gage.
He had suggested the idea of having pho
tographs taken. The department had lim
ited the time and everything was done ln
haste. No careful examination was mado
of the photographs, but witness supposed
instructions had been complied with.
witness first knew of the error after
Gunther's testimony when he told him at
his room that Atwater's house was not
shown in the photograph. His insistence
upon the point when Gunther was testi
fying was inspired by his own certainty
at that time that the house was there.
He had made Gunther correct the testi
mony as soon as he had learned that it
was wrong, and as far as he knew tha
explanation had been satisfactory to op
posing counsel.
On cross-examination by Attorney
Adair, witness admitted that he had seen
the property several times, but never to
make a close inspection. He said the
Secretary of the Interior could not be de
ceived because he had exhibit 56, which
showed the Atwater house. Plaintiff tried
to introduce certain evidence going to
show that Houghton had used Influence
with the Secretary of the Interior. Some
witnesses were recalled by the court. Ar
guments were heard in the evening and
the matter was taken under consideration
by the court.
History of the Case.
Matthew Gage was the constructor of
the canal which waters higher Riverside
lands. Section 30 was taken up by Gage
under the desert land act, and was to have
been patented by him when water from
the canal was turned on. By alleged com
plicity of the engineers, the water was
not turned on in time. The claim was
then Jumped by Gunther, Atwater and
Newman on homestead filings. The long
litigation over the ejectment suits was
finally decided in Gage's favor by Judge
Noyes. Disbarment proceedings were
then Instituted by Gage.
THE PACIFIC COAST
HEADQUARTERS \»
FOR MINING MEN.
NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
DR VTV T A SANDEN 6 o'FARRELL street,
119H SOUTH SPRINO STREET, LOS ANQELES, CAL. RUSSBL BUILDINO. PORTLAND, OR.
I received over 8000 such testimonials durlnjt 1899, and as It has done for others It will do for you. If you are
troubled with such as Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica, Neuralgia, Lame Back, varlcocele, Seminal Weakness,
Shrunken Organs, etc., drop In my, office and I will explain the belts to you. Office hours— 9 to 6: Sundays 10 to 1.
lli SAN ii K l\l
ELECTRIC BELT
With suspensory attachment— a sure cure and permanent restorer of «trength, if used faithfully and under my guiir
ance. Electricity is now acknowledged to be nerve force or energy. It Is the very life of our existence. The Drl
Sinden Electric Belt properly applies the life current, and when worn according to directions it never falls to cure, as Is
shown by the following testimonial:
' ; ; . v;' ;.•¦ TESLA. Alameda Co.. CaL. Feb. 28, 1900.
• I>R SANDEN— Dear Sir: The Belt that I purchased from you about thirty days ago has made me fe«l like a new man. At
?h« time' of purchase I was a complete wreck, but am happy to say that I now am able to work my regular shift In the mln« her*,
I have suffered for years with varicocele, and I think it my duty to give this testimonial for the sake of suffering humanity.
- - ¦ '-'. -¦'.'¦ *' •JQxx^J L* F IvEM.
SAN FRANCISCO'S MOST POPULAR RESORT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i- » -
for Men
To any one living near enough who
may require my aid, I Invite a personal
call, and give free consultation at my
office; or, If at a distance, write for my
little descriptive book,
(C TL Pi
Inree classes
Ul IVlvll}
Which will be sent, sealed, free by tnalL
My specialty Is the treatment of nerrous
disorders.
I overcome the effects of youthful er-
rors or later excesses with nature's own
simple restorer— Electricity. 1 am the
originator of the body battery treatment.
I was tha first to call a portable s>ystem
of galvanic cells an electric belt. This
developed by degrees Into my present
BISHOP SBARRETTI NOT
POPULAR WITH CUBANS
Islanders Seek Federal Interference
With the Affairs of the
Church.
WASHINGTON, March 3.— General Jose
Lacret Molt and Felipe Perozo, Cuban
leadf rs called at the War Department and
had an Interview with Acting Secretary
Melklejohn relative to the appearance In
Cuba of Bishop Sbarretti. They objected
very strongly to his presence there.
The callers had an Indistinct idea of the
limitations imposed upon the General
Government, and it was with some diffi
cult}- that Meiklejohn made them under
stand that by the terms of the United
States constitution the executive had no
power to interfere in such matters there
being no association of church and state
"h'relime 3 . **** ln C " ba Under !££
Senor Qiiesada, the Cuban agent here
has been In receipt of strong letters on
whV^nf^? 1 om , PP ron >inent Cubans
TwL ¦£ n ,^ d him to lod * c Protests with
cnt MresldM resId ? n A a f, alns t the Bishop's as-
S f m q^^ d r K O Cu°b f a! h^ a t% S ha OO s f
Keithley Contestant Protests.
Special EHspatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. March 3.— The contestant
of the will of the late W. E. Keithley has
not yet given up the fight. Her attorney
to-day filed a protest and notice of mo
tion to disregard the verdict.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
Guardsmen Elect Officers.
SACRAMENTO, March 3.— Twenty-five
of the officers of the Second Infantry, Na
tional Guard of California, assembled ln
this city to-night to elect a colonel, lieu
tenant colonel and major. The election
was conducted by Colonel R. L. Peeler,
and resulted as follows: Colonel, H. I.
Seymour of this city; vice colonel, J. W.
Guthrle; lieutenant colonel, E. A. Forbes
of .Marysvllle, re-elected; major, Marion
Pirkey of Colusa, re-elected.
STONE CASE ENDED.
Four More Persons Indicted for
Cattle Stealing.
"WTNNEMUCCA, Nev., March 3— The
Stone horse-stealing case* which has oc
cupied the attention of the District Court
all the week and which developed a num
ber of sensational Incidents, went to the
Jury this evening. The Jury Is still out
ana a disagreement Is expected.
District Attorney Van Duser subpenaed
thirty witnesses to appear before the
Grand Jury to-day, and four sealed In
dictments were returned. Bench war
rants will be Issued for the arrest of the
parties. The Grand Jury Is still at work
and a number of indictments are said to
be forthcoming involving some of the
leading stockmen of the county. A vigor
ous prosecution is being conducted against
a notorious gang of cattle and horse
thieves and train robbers.
a contrast between the Ideals of America
and France and the conduct of Great
Britain '¦ at the present time. On© re
marks:- ."'
"It Is truly a fine spectable to eea two
great republics Invoking their souvenirs
of heroism and celebrating the rights of
their people, while England Is going to
strangle the Transvaal."
nished another unmistakable proof of the
existence of this feeling. Referrence to
the event in the French Journals of all
political shades have been invariably of
the most sympathetic character and the
ceremony itself is treated as if destined
to prove another link in the historical
friendship of the two nations. President
Loubet himself is charmed with the
whole affair and the manner in which it
was carried out. Prior to the ceremony
he privately expressed these sentiments,
and also his view that the way the
scheme had been taken up was an indi
cation of the attitude of the great body
of American opinion toward France:
Another expression of the feeling in the
official, world has appeared in the Gov
ernment's mouthpiece, which, after re
viewing the inception and . execution of
the idea, concludes by saying:
"All these demonstrations form a veri-
t ab *'£ c." 11 co . ns ecrated by the Americans
to the illustrious citizens who aided them
to win their Independence, which doe 3
the greatest honor to the people of the
United States and deeply touches the
French people. If there are in the world
two peoples made to love and compre
hend one another It is surely those of the
greatest republics which exist on the face
of the globe."
The exquisite workmanship of the
casket in which the Lafayette dollar was
presented formed an object of especial
admiration of all the French officials who
examined it.
Some of the newspapers find ln the
Lafayette incident an occasion to draw
BLACK CREPONS ON SPECIAL SALE FOR 3 DAYS t
YOUR CHOICE. 59.00 a SUIT.
BIG SILK SELLING.
luX P^TE^^^^'slL^S^thT^
HlfiH IxOVFI TV sr '° a > ard ior cnoi"
lIIUU nUTCLU Foulard Silks; worth
FOIIF ARFI SM IkS $125: handsome and
IUtLAAII 21LA3 exquisite styles. Just
opened; 24 lnchee wide; a heavy twilled
Silk. In the most beautiful designs in Lace
Striped Effects, In the following color*:
Tan, Brown, Cardinal, Gray, National Blue.
Old Rose, Violet and Purple.
LADIES' WRAPPF3S Just >>«<*«•• «>*
LstUlL.) nilAr lC nj manufacturer was
QC(» FifH wl " 1 n« to sacriflce his
u^ v L ' ku season's remaining stock
«¦« are enabled to oCer you a grand assort-
ment of the latest styles at less than actual
manufacturing cost. These Wrappers are
made of the best quality or Tennis Flannel.
in striped and Persian effects, medium and
dark colors; not a Wrapr>er ln the let is
worth leee than $LSO, and most of them 1
$1.75 and H.OQ.
BLACK TAFFFTA SII k' 27lnch Bla< *
rC,i- « AJTEiA aiLh Taffeta Silk; a
XSf YARD magnificent quality, beau-
,, I, " tlfully d>ed and finished;
jTio " • on Bale at 83c a y ard ; worth
BLACK GLACE TAFFETA %< ?£*»*:
SI" 10 YARD make of Prance; no Silk
***¦ lM " for reliability Is better
known than this one: very heavy and brill-
iant; on eale at 551.10 a yard; worth $L5O
OUR NEW WASH GOODS.
There are co many new weaves, designs
and colorings in thlß department that a.
visit is decidedly worth while from the
standpoint of critic alone; besides, many
advantages are gained by choosing early
FOR MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
NEW EMBROIDERIES AT SPECIAL
PRICES.
We have selected from our large and ex-
tensive stock of Embroideries ITU) yards in
the choicest and daintiest patterns, which
are regularly sold at lie a yard. H\r>
For a EDeclal, your choice Yard lvU
COLOIED ORGANDIES SW-g, &
1 6C YAfiD f Jar f- AdalnTsnUVal-
m«. of v D, lly ln thMe beauU'ul color-
cB8:ic B8: i P i nk j Blue - Xl!e - Yellow, Lemon.
Scarlet. Ceriee, Lavender and Black
NEWGAUTEACLOTH;,» Op f. ; Vis
ISC YARD P !ai sL col""; very desirable
***y r } AaU for Waists. Suits and Chil-
dren a Dresses; all new 1900 styles.
85c A PAIR FOR $1.25 GLOVES.
They were advertised for Friday and Saturday and although the demand r^r ih
wm very large there Is yet a complete assortment toThooVe rirora l whtch wf^ff/r f«V T m
guaranteed; regular value U-25. On sale at ....T..7.......!!'......f.7[.Pa1r B«SC
RtVERSIDE, March 3.— The retrial of
R. E. Houghton for disbarment was
resumed in the Superior Court at 9
o'clock this morning. Matthew
Gage. was recalled to the stahd by
the defense. In connection' with Mr.
Gage's testimony Mr. Houghton intro
duced the testimony of Gage in relation
to certain deeds taken at a previous trial
evidently with the intent of discrediting
the witness (Gage) and showing fraud on
the part of Gage and his wife. After this
was read Mr. Houghton said this was of
fered to show the lengths to which Mr.
Gage would go when section 30 was at
tacked. The attorneys for the prosecu
tion objected to this testimony going in,
and the objection was sustained.
P. S. Corl was recalled and the negatives
of the photographs identified and offered
in evidence. On cross-examination by Mr.
Houghton witness said he had put his
name on the negatives merely because
they were his work. He didn't tell defend
ant what description to put on the nega
tives. Plaintiff closed at 10:30.
Motion for Nonsuit.
At this point the defense moved for a
nonsuit and that the case be thrown out
on the ground that the plaintiff had not
shown facts sufficient to warrant the
court in considering the question on its
merits; that the plaintiff had utterly
failed to prove that defendant Houghton
had used photographs with the purpose
of deceiving the Land Department or of
gaining any unfair or unconscionable ad
vantage over Matthew Gage. The motion
was overruled.
Judge J. S. Noyes was the first witness
called by the defense. Judge Noyes testi
fied that he had lived in Riverside since
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Closing Arguments in Defense of the Attorney
Who Is Battling to Avoid Disbarment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FATE OF HOUGHTON NOW
RESTS WITH THE COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
A GREAT LINEN SALE!
The most PIIKN«ME>'AI UXKX SAI.K of the year starts here to-mor-
row. Thie sale we make more memorable than all others because of the unusually high
character of the cooda to be offered at such marvelously low prices.
The most noted Linen importers of New York City have closed out to us tha remain-
der of their entire stock of Table Linens. Nankins. Towels, etc. A trade condition
caused them to accept our cash offer far below the present cost of manufacture. We
need not say much to Impress upon you the bargain importance of the occasion.
The few items here outlined rive only a faint Idea of the GREAT VALUES to be
had during this xale.
200 pieces 18-inch Bleached DamaekJ
Toweling; soft finish: extra heavy qual-4
Ity; real value 10c a yard; sale r»l/-»>
price Yard O-lV*
200 pieces 18-lnch Checked Linen Glass
Toweling; an exceptionally good qual-
ity; real value 15c a yard; sale I /"¦,-»
price Yard 11/ C
800 dczen Ltnen Huck Towels; size
ISxSS; soft finish: a good wearing Towel;
real value J2.25 a dozen; »ale Crl.Tu
Price Dozen «> 1
300 dczen hand-loom Hemstitched Huck
Towels; in white and colored borders:
soft finish; a splendid Towel for wear'
real value 30c each; sale price <£O« 5
Dozen «P^&
*» dozen hand-loom Hemstitched Huck
Towels, m white and colored borders;
soft finish; size 22x44; real value CT O 7 •
$6.00 a doz<-n; eale prlc*.... Dozen Qu '
100 pieces 70-lnch Bleached Table Damask,
in choice designs; a heavy quality; AGr*
real value 75c yard; sale price.. ..Yd t^vjv
. 100 slecea 70-inch Pure Linen Bleached
Table Damask; a good wearing linen; in
many beautiful designs; real {2 Of*
value $1 yard; sale price Yard »J<Jw
100 pieces 72-lnch Pure Linen Bleached
Table Damask: extra fine quality: choicest
designs; real value $1.25 a yard; QO r
sale price Yard cFOC
600 dozen Pure Linen Napkins; 22 Inches
square: In pretty patterns: real fl* j .(>."»
value $2.25 dozen: sale price. Dozen tj> ¦
500 dczen Pure Linen Nacklns: three-
quarter size; German make; soft finish;
extra good quality; real value <jJtl.4.->
J3.25 a dozen: sale price Dozen O
250 dozen extra fine quality Pure Linen
Napkins; three-quarter size; in many
tasteful designs; real value J4. 50; (JQ.SS
sale price t Dozen CjJO
In connection with the above we offer some ereat values in
BED COVERINGS.
ISO dozen hemmed Pillow Cases. Cx 36;
made of cood. standard muslin; sale Q —
P rt « Each *jC
200 dozen hemstitched Sheets. 72x90; made
of a superior quality Sheeting; fjnu
sale price Each \3^lt\*
250 dozen hemstitched Pillow Cases,
4jx26; good muslin; sale price., ir;-,
Each lOC
200 dozen hemmed Sheets, size "Jx9o -
made of jrood quality Sheeting; ffOl/>
saJe price Each O!£»'C
150 Honeycomb Bed Spreads, extra
large size, already hemmed; ealefi.io
price Each t!>l
150 English Marseilles Quilts, extra heavy
and extra larce size, ln many choice de-
signs; real value J2.SO; sale price.. C|.»J
EachOl
A GREAT DRESS GOODS EVENT FOR THREE DAYS,
aw.Mable loss to the manufacturer we secured 300 pieces, of the latest choicest and
TWr^MMFVPF^f-R^i^* 111011 , ar * V E^^:^ hl^ h '*vor aVrhe present tiSS
mis UUipSB PI RCHASE consists of the following THREE GREAT LEADERS :
"»!noh rOPLIN'S. In all the new Pastel ColoMniw A^
A^c^ PP a T r°/'b!«k YD CrfEVIOT SERGE : « inches w^'ilready shrunk;
AL^£^ L^ H^ NI M. E T TAi5 - ° lnche " wlde - tn a » the latest and very desirable
colors; every yard is worth no less than 85c; you can take your cholc? at
52c a Yard.
O'DTj^/^T AT
Oil ±j\jlA.lj
.:bargams;:
Dress Department.
2 cases 34-inch all-woo! HOMESPUN SUIT-
INGS I9c a yard
36-inch all-wool CAMEL'S HAIR CHEVIOT SUIT-
INGS, new spring colorings, value for ?
65c 50c a yard
45-inch all-wool GRANITE SUITINGS, new spring
colorings 75c a yard
50-inch two-toned ail-wool VENETIAN CLOTH,
value for $1.25 75c a yard
Silk Department.
TO CLOSE — 10 pieces genuine French all-silk
MOIRE ANTIQUE, regular $1.50 quality, to be
closed out at 75c a yard
75 pieces 24-inch all-silk TAFFETA, newest color-
ings.. .50c a yard
36-inch changeable LINING SILKS...SOc a yard
Full lines of all the new shades VELVETS and
VELVETEENS just received.
Ribbon Department.
2500 pieces all-silk RIBBONS, in colors and black,
Nos. 7, 9, 12 5c a yard
100 dozen pique STOCK COLLARS, regular 15c .
each 3 for 25c
50 boxes silk RUCHINGS reduced to I2|c a yard
75 dozen 2-clasp French pique sewed GLOVES,
in black, self and white embroidered backs, all
sizes, greens only, regular $1.25 glove f0r. . . .
75c a pair
60 dozen genuine. French kid pique sewed GLOVES^
gusseted fingers, self and black embroidered
backs, in new tans, reds and browns, all sizes, a
regular $1.50 glove at .$l.OO a pair
c. curtin;
911 and 913 Market St.
""^tl^ *^i^
.Overzo&ts and 'tfafoe> A%fy fm^^r\\^*Ax\^\^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
16VICTIMIZED BY SOLDIERS
Two Young Men Systematically
Work Coast Towns.
gp»-{«I Ditrateb to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, March 3.— The citi
zens of this town have, through their
eyrapathy for the unfortunate. Just been
subjected to one of the most despicable
cases of fraud ever known hereabouts.
Two your.g men fvearins Uncle Sara's uni
form and carrying the badge of the hos
pital corps, arrived in town about six
ve«?K.E ago. One Of therh was sick and the
other was in attendance upon him. Their
jtorv was teat, they had b*en discharged
trom the United States Hospital Corps at
Manila on account of illness and given
transportation only as far as San Fran
tlsco and were trying to secure .sufficient
coney to get back to their home in the
Eaet. The one who was well went to sev
tral cf the clergymen ol the town, show
2t his discharge papers and letters and
»tner papers, and succeeded in making
leverai people (among them some mem
eerfi cf the newly organized Woman's Re
lief Corps of the G. A. R.) believe in the
renuineness cf his statement and secured
ce.p in various ways.
The nrab»r? of the Woman's Relief
rorps "were carried .«o far in their sym
pathtes as to arrange a benefit tnusicale
to take place next week. The posters for
;h!s benefit came cut and a large number
»f tickets were sold, when news came here
trom Salinas that pseudo Red Cross
c-r«** had tried the same, game in that
-l'y and bring discovered to be. frauds
ind'epium fiends had been run out of
•own. The same thing occurred at Castro
rtlle- and Watsonville and then the pair
tried it on Pacific Grove. It now tran
nires that they tampered with their dis
rharge papers, changing "disability" to
••dvjentery." to excite sympathy.
' The ladies who arranged the benefit re
'us* to believe that they have been im
oo?ed upon and intend going on with their
)rigi!na> plan, though it is doubtful if they
i-ave an audience, the townspeople feel
•rg greatly incensed at the abuse prac
ticed upon their patriotism and sympa
thies. ' .
Creamery Project Abandoned.
IpecfoT Di*p**d> to The Call
WOODLAND. March 3.— The creaniery
project at Cacheville has been abandoned. }
»ut -sufficient stock has been subscribed
•o Insure the establishment of a cktm
mr-r station which will be an adjunct of
ie Woodland Q ¦•-¦¦¦«. . J
'in Trade.
Liquors.
Castile Soap— Best imported.
bar— 25c
Cyrus Noble Rye — A pure
Whiskey, 7 years old, quart
bottles $U5
Primrose Gin— London Club,
the original botile. St.lt)
Holland Gin— A. V. &, black
bottles $».5O
Zinfandel Claret — Privata
stock, gallon 50c
Kentucky Belle Bourbon —
Our popular brand, gallon*...
53.00
Wild Cherry Wine and Iron
Tonic -Bottle 75c
Lie big** Malt Extract— None
better, dozen- ..52.25
CmpoHum Bourbon — 6 years
old, money back if not satis-
factory, full quart bottles...
: sloo
White Wine— B«st possible
quality for the price, per
gallon - 50c
Prevost Scotch Whiskey—
The gB2iis», large bottles..
_. ....51.25
In Conjunction With Greit Half-Price Sale.
Very Special Offerings
Furniture, Carpets.
2500 Oar pet Remnants go on special sal*
Monday morning and until lot is sold — lengths from 15 to S3
yanU — bring measurements if possible.
Tape5try.........400 yard Velvet 3.. ........ 750 yard
Body Brus;els...9oo yard Ax=i2i:ers._...s/.00 yard
Art Sauares — Wool filling, nice designs, rery useful;
2x3 yards $3 O9 2Jx3 yards $3.75
3x3 yards..; $4m50 31x3} yards -55m25
3x4yard3 + 6.00
Parlor Tables— Solid oak, 13-bch round top, select*!
quarter-sawed oak, convenient shelf beneath, regularly $3.00.
this week. $I*9O
Parlor ChMlrs— Mahogany finish, seats upholstered ia
pretty damasks, regularly $3.00. this week $2mOO
Ladies' Writing Desks— Golden quarter-3awed oak.
highly polished, regularly $3.50. this week ..$6 25
Whitß Enameled Beds— -Fall size, complete, with
wire and top mattress, rezu'arly $15.00, thb -xeek.. <>/0. 25
Parlor Suit — 3 handsome pieces, upholstered in satin
damask, regularly $25.00, thi3 week..._^... $16.25
tA l*rgs ossorirruni of roll and fiat top Ofiic* Disks, also
Ojjic4 Chairs, Stools, tie., just received and marked at very
lex prices.
Second Floor.
Strauss 9 Fine Capes-
Half Price*
Lot I—Assorted1 — Assorted lot of Capes, several
kinds. Golf and othera, for which
Strauss' prices were $5 to ?12— our
sale prices $2.50 to $SmOO
Lot 2— Assorted lot of fiae Golf, Piush
and Cloth Gapes, all fine styles ;
Strauss' prices $15 to $18 — our sale
price $7545
Lot 3 — An assortment of finest and new-
est imported Golf Capes, good cloth
and velvet Capes ; Strauss' price 3 S2O
to $25— our sale price $9.4-5
Strauss' Fine Waists-
Half Price*
Lot I— Assorted lot of fine Shirt Waists,
all kinds ; Strauss' prices were 75c to
$I.oo— our sale price your choice for...
'330 and sOp
Lot 2— An assortment of All- WooL Solid
Color and some Plaid Waists, braided
End plain ; Strauss' prices $1.50 to
$3.50 — our sale prices....
$ImOO and $1.50
Lot 3— Assortment of Finest Silk Wai3ts,
all colors and black, all sizes ; Strauss'
prices $10 to $20— our sale price?
$4,95 to $7.50
Strauss' Fine Tailor
Dresses— Half Price*
Lot I—A1 — A varied assortment of Ladies'
All-Wool Dresses, for which Strauss
charged $10.00 to $18.00— our sale
prices $5.00 to $7.50
Lot 2— An assortment of Ladles' All-
Wool Tailor Dresses black, navy and
colored, a great many of them silk
lined ; Straps' prices $20.00 to 525.00
— our sale price $10. 00
Lot 3 — Consists of the newe3t and best
Tailor Dresses, all colored, many silk
lined ; Strauss' prices $20.00 to $35.00
— our sale price ..$15.09
Early Spring Styles
Imported Millinery.
# Imported Models from best
Parisian Milliners. High bright
colors are the vogue, combined
with the handsomest foliage,
flowers and fruits.
Stylish, Modish Shapes, untriamed,
for your own handiwork.
This season' 3 Roses, Violets, Foliage,
Ornanentß and Braids in abundance.
Sailor Hats, this season's blocks
/^ -^ $1.00 to $2.50
Straw Turbans, elaborately trimmed with maline, in
the spring shades $6-25
"Miss i. ebb's" Turbans, Taffeta Silk, price
56.00
Second Floor — Front.
I Many hew lines shown for -the first time to-morrow morning. Quantities of
good things for early. comers. Strauss had only been in business 14 months. Their styles were almost ex-
clusive—the cleanest : and best stock that the big store ha 3 ever been able to offer at special sale. Half
price and no more (often much less) for goods from the Strauss stock.
Strauss' Fine Jackets— Strauss' Fine Under' A^rv
Half Price* skirts— Half Price. ftsMtis /$$
Let I—Large assortment of light and Lot I— An assortment of all kinds of $5g£&QL \£*&&i
medium weight Jacket?, most of then Fancy Cotton Underskirts, for which I iian» *^*&\
silk lined, nearly all colors; Stransa' Strauss' asked $1, $1.50 and 12— our jk&tTr% *-*$'
prices $5 to $15 -our sale price 3 sale prices SQc ar.d 75c j£tr£
$1,0 Oto $3m95 Lot 2 — Varied assortment of Fancy Cot- §§L "*^ -*-§$]l3^>v
Lot 2— An as»orted lot of fine heavy and ton, Metallic, Sateen, Alpaca and jfrfefsL f^/.^T^&hs.
light weight Jackets, all Bilk lined ; Moreen Underskirts, all styles ; Strauss' T^?-sf*lii&
Strauss' prices $10 to $25— osr sale prices S2.W. $3.00, $4.50 and *5.00— A t&^sW&k
price, choice for $4.95 esr sale prices /^W^^^^^i I {Si^^/ >S3
Lo: S— An assortment of the very finest St.OO, 51.50 and $2.4-5 j *^/t\ /I \\t\'\Vtt*lj&-^&
Silk-lined Jackets, all colors and size? ; Lo: 3— Assorted lot of Colored and Black/ /\ 71/ yfw*^
Strauss' prices $20 to $30— our sale Silk Petticoats, a gTe at variety; Strau3s'( V • M/J *^t|^^d^a\-
price $10,00 prices were $8.00 to $20.00— our FaleYiA 3 » ll^l i^^tl^Ka
_ •_ „ prices... $3.95 to $W.OO V3k££>J ©Ml Si Y^S'll^U
Continuation of the Sale of the Strauss Stock.
i Fine Cloaks, Suits, Skirts anil Waists
at Half Price.
Catalogue 'most Ready
Our large general Catalogue for Spring
and Summer 1900 now in press. Hailed
free to out-of-town folks. More than 100
pages and over 1000 illustrations of every-
thing to eat, drink, wear or use in your
home. Send same and address at once.
CHANCES OF
NAVAL BILL
IMPAIRED
<
Opposition Parties Seek Com
pensation for Their
Votes.
EMPTY SEATS IS REICHSTAG
Sympathy for 80-rs Continues ia
Berlin, but Bespect for the Brit
ish Has Risen Since He
cent Victories,
Copyrir/htee. UK, fey the Associated Press.
BERLIN". March 3.— Most Important
natters wer© transacted during the week
la th« Reichstag before almost empty
benches. Friday's opening cession saw
;preclsely twenty delegates in attendance.
Herr Eugene Richter. in tte Fressinnige
Zeltung. holds that the fact that members
of the Reichstag received no remunera
tion in any form for their services is re
sponsible for this state of affairs. Cer
tainly, in the Prussian and other German
state Diets, where liberal compensation
;* paid, there never is such a scarcity of
delegates. • The consequence was that
Herr Richter and other Reichstaeers re
peatedly during the week compelled the
Reichstag majority to do their bidding
.on threat of ascertaining whether a
cuoruzn was present, a quorum in the
Reichstag meaning half cf the delegates.
The Foreign O&ce budget being taken
W. a variety of matters came under dis
cussion, even the query as to why the
Prussian Government gave a Prussian
deccratlon to a German of Chicago. How
ever, Count yon Buiow. the Minister of
Foreign Affairs, made a good showing and
t . t his salary voted.
Naval BUI.
' Th« chances of the naval bill have
grown rather worse lately. The
Center, the Conservatives and the A-grar
ians are demanding compensation for
their votes, the former asking for the re
call cf the Jesuits and the latter demand
ing a meat law to suit their convenience
and guarantees from the Government
that Agrarian Interests will not be neg
lected in the projected commercial treat
ies. There will evidently be a hard pull
to get the bill through, though there is
every indication that popular sentiment
against the electors is rising for the naval
Increase. One such indication was in the
Reichstag bye-election in the Catbe-
Aschersteben district, when the National-
Liberal candidate wrested a seat formerly
held by the Socialists evidently under a
strong Sect issue.
Reichst&g Programme.
The prorrasmae fixed for th« Reichstag
is as folows:
Thursday is fixed for the reading of the
neat bill, then the currency bill and the
r.nal readies of the Lexheinze. against
which there is strong opposition by artists
and writers. Later there will be the
tir.ai reidir.g of the meat bill and some
other measures of less importance, thus
carrying the sessions to the Eastertide
adjournment. To carry the meat bill the
right side cf the Center will summon all
its defaulting: members during the coming
¦week to the Reichstag.
The National Zeitung-, speaking about
the meat bill to-day, expresses the belJff
that the Government will not approve the
¦bill as now constituted and thus tie its
hands regarding the coming commercial
treaties, r.ot only with the United States
but also with Russia, Scandinavia, Hol
lir.d, etc. It says:
"A general tariff war would be the re
fuit if the bill became a law ail to ap
pease the insatiable Agrarians. The total
proportion cf meat imports after the new
year of 130* would be tantamount to meat
usury."
Rail-way Service Poor.
The Prussian Diet this week considered
th« railroad budget. It was plainly shown
that the Prussian Etate railway system
Is fearfully behind in cemfert and the
latest improvements, all because cf fear
cf diminishing the annual surplus. Herr
Macco, a National Liberal civil engineer,
demonstrated that even Russia, Austria-
Hur.fary and Bavaria were ahead of
Prussia' in this respect. The Minister of
Put?::c Works. Herr Thleien. w^uld not
even promise a passenger fare reduction,
although certain Prussian fares are five
tiirus higher than those charged in Hun
g*r-.- for the same distance.
The South African war continues to
hc'.d the attention of the public here.
"While sympathy for the Boers continues,
resp*ct "ior the British has risen under
their latest successes. Lieutenant Gen
eral Becher. in the Lokal Ar.zeiger, to
day says the w»U-p!ar.ned action of Lord
Rciberts has brought about a total change
at the seat of war, a chance such as a
lavrrsan would not nave thought. The
.¦writer concludes that the war for the
Boers is row a hcpeless struggle, for they
lack that which alone could have given
their victories a permanent value— that is
to say, the capacity of fructifying victory
-by pursuing the enemy to the point of
annihilation.
Will Visit the Queen.
Prince Henry of Prussia intends paving
c visit to fcls grandmother. Queen Vic
toria, in Enirlaf.a. but before so doing he
?.-lil stay with his family at Kreuzenach
and drink the waters.
Persons who have had occasion lately
to converse w.ith Prince Hoherslohe de
tcrite him as h^ir.z extremely feeble, even
to the extent of sentl'.ity.
Viscoar.t Gough. secretary of the Brit
lsh Embassy, informed the correspondent
cf the Associated Press that the embassy
knew nothing about Emperor William
tavir.g sent congratulations to Queen Vic
toria en the occasion of the last British
success. This is confirmed in court circles
fcere.
Self respect Is on good ] terms with the
Old Government Whisky; •
Keith's grrand opening exhibit next Fri-
day and Saturday. Everybody expected.
Keith*. •
CATARBH CAN BE CUBED.
Catarrh is a klodred ailment of consumption,
lone considered incurable; and yet toer* is oo*
remedy that will positively cure catarrb la any
of its stages. For many years this remedy was
used by the late Dr. Stevens, a widely noted
authority on all diseases of the throat and
lungs. Having tested its wonderful cun:iv,
powers la thousands of cases, aad deslrlns to
relieve human suffering. 1 will send tree of
charge to all snOrers from Catarrh. Asthma.
Consumption and Nervous Diseases, this recipe.
In German. French or English, w'.th tall dlrec-
tlocs for preparing and usinc Sent by "-it br
addressing, with (tamp, nazotsc this paper, w.
A. Korea. S3 Powers' Else*. Rochester, a. X.
REID AND SCHURMAN
DEFEND IMPERIALISM
Argue That It Is the Duty of Ameri
cans to Back Up the Ad
ministration.
BOSTON. March 3.— Whitelaw . Reid,
member of the late Paris Peace Commis
sion, and Dr.- Jacob G. Schurman. presi
dent of the first commission to the Philip
pines, were the guests and the principal
speakers at the meeting of the Massachu
setts Club in Young's Hotel this after
noon. Representative Republican business
and professional men to the number of
seventy-five were present.
Reid spoke of the Paris treaty of peace
as an act accomplished and that must be
lived up to. The question now was how
to deal with the territories acquired un
der the treaty. He declared that the ad
mission of the mixed races of these Isl
ands to full rights of American citiren
ship was beyond question, and that the
impracticable demands of those who were
harrassing the administration to abandon
the Islands must not be listened to. Reid
believed the administration was pursuing
the right course, and the present duty," he
said, was : to render . the Government full
support. ~ » ~gMBBBjWwfeBIJgM33BBIByWgBt»»t
Dr. Schurman spoke at - some length
upon the subject of "The Philippine
Question From the Filipino Point of
View," and outlined in a manner similar
UTAH POSTMASTERS
WITH PLURAL WIVES
Two Federal Appointees Accused by
Witnesses Before the House
Sub-Committee.
WASHINGTON. March X— Rev. William
R» Campbell of Utah, was examined to-day
by the House sub-committee investigating
the charges that certain Federal'ap
pointees are polygamists. He said it was
a matter of common repute that John C.
Graham, the Postmaster at Provo. Utah,
maintained polygamous relations and had
children by his plural wives. Similar tes
timony was given as to Orson Smith,
lately Postmaster of Loran. Utah.
The cross-examination was directed
mainly to snowing- that the witness had
no personal knowledge of the facts and
spoke only from general hearsay. He pre
sented two copies of letters signed by Pri
vate Secretary Porter, acknowledging the
receipt of letters from Rev. Mr. Clemen
son of Logan. Utah, protesting to the
President against- the appointment of
Smith. Porter's acknowledgment stated
that' the letters had been referred to the
Postmaster General, -jags*
Crooks Captured.
SALINAS, March 3.— C. Hanes and Jos
eph Ollvas. th« men whom the officers
to that discussed in his report to the
President the system of Government
which the commission proposed for the
islands. ." ; ; i;-=: .-. ¦
BOY ORATOR IS AGEING.
Bryan Will Soon Celebrate His Forti-
eth Birthday.
GALVESTON, Tex., March Z.— William
J. ; Bryan rested quietly here to-day. A
few intimate friends called during ¦ the
morning. Mr. Bryan will leave here to
morrow night for Austin, Where he will
remain two weeks. He will then go to
Nebraska to be present at the State Con
vention on March 19.
- "That's my birthday,"- said Mr. Bryan,
"and I will be 40 years of age. Four years
ago it was said that I was too young to
be President. Now the argument . prob
ably will be advanced that I am too old."
• Mr. Bryan spoke to-night In Harmony
Hall.
Encina Club Reception.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UXIVERSITT. March 1-
The members of the Encina Club to-night
gave their annual stag ¦ reception and
smoker: to the men of-; the university.
Music • and ' specialties by the . Glee - Club,
boxing bouts and college songs were the
features of the programme. Over 300
students were in attendance.
the 10th inst. and the work of replacing
the old macinery will commence at once.
The company has purchased nearly ail of
the property where the copper vein ia
known to exist, and from this fact it is
supposed that some big: undertaking Is
about to b© commenced. This will givt
that town the aspect of early days, wnea
it was one of the largest and roost pros
perous mir.inn towns In the State.
In unwatering the property it has been
found that the iron car tracks and tools
which were left in the mine have been
dlsoslved by the chemical action of the
water and in their place a rich deposit of
pure copper has been left.
Jones Sentenced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARTSVILLE. March 3--Thomas
Jones, convicted this week on two charges
Of arson committed at - Browns Valley,
was to-day sentenced by Judge Davis to
serve fifteen years in Foisom prison. His
counsel have given notice of appeal from
a motion denying a new trial.
Old Landmark Must Go.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, March 3.— The old Central
Hotel on Main street, one of the oldest
landmarks of the town and the first
hotel in this city, will be torn down. The
building some time ago was injured by
Ore.
MRS. SMITH DECLINES
TO MAKE A STATEMENT
PACIFIC GROVE. March 3.— Mrs.
Laura Smith, who is being sued for di
vorce by her husband. Rev. Guy W.
Smith of th» First Christian Church, Oak
land, came to Pacific Grove several day*
ago from Nebraska to visit her husband's
parents. When seen to-day by a Call
representative in regard to recent alleged
developments in connection with the pend
ing suit that is causing such a sensation
in Oakland she said:
"I have nothing to say, nothing at all.
Too much has already been said and
printed about the affair and people have
mixed it up so thoroughly that I think
they may as well straighten it out for
themselves. No. Ido not wish to say any
thinjr whatever."
She would neither afSrm nor deny any
cf the statements published, and said she
preferred to have nothing more printed on
the subject. Her little son. Guy Jr.. is
with her.
UNION MINE TO REOPEN.
Copperopolis Will Again Become a
Busy Mining Center.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANGELS CAMP, March 3.— The Union
copper mine at Copperopolis is about to
be put in order to operate. The unwater
icf of the mine will be completed about
have been tryin; to apprehend for so
long a. time, have been captured and held
to answer on charges of grand larceny.
The two men are related to the cele
brated VasQuex, who terrorized this part
of 'the State many years a;o.
Hoffman Inquest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE. March I— Coroner C
P. "Winchell to-day held an inquest on
the body of Edward Hoffman, who was
killed yesterday near Latrobe by G. S.
Estey. The verdict of the Jury was that
Hoffman came to his death from a gun
shot wound inflicted by Estey. Xo charge
was made by the jury against Estey.
Estey. who is now in the County Jail in
this city, alleges that the homicide was
in self-defense. He has retained ex-Dis
trict Attorney Prentiss Carpenter to de
fend him.
Balance Strauss' Dress
Goods and Several Other
Lines at Halt Price.
$1.50 Novelty Suitings, 45 inches, in combinations of green
and gold, black and green, slate and green, red and green
end bhe and gold — sale price, per yard 750
$1.25 all-wool Canvas Suitings, 46 inches, handsome novelties
in desirable coloring* sale price, per yard— 62*0
$1.00 Scotch Tweeds, 48 inches, also Eedfern Checks and 45-
inch Fancy Suitirgs — sale price, per yard SCO
75c Diagonals is two-tone effects, and 75c Fancy Checks —
sale price, per yard .- 37\C
50c Fancy Checks, 38 inches, good heavy fabrio — sale price,
per yard 250
Remnants and Suit Patterns— A large showing
of Remnants and many handsome Novelty Suit Patterns,
materials that can be used for Spring and Summer, at
Hall Regular Prices.
him Section — Lett of Entrance.
*-|k Brown Bros. & Co., 121-123 Sansome street, wholesale
gjjj«a 4§^F Clothing Manufacturers, have retired permanently from the retail trade.
\4# T*S Their retail stock of reliable, strictly all-wool Clothing for men and Boy 3 i 3
JS^|> vj£tfL now on sa * e ' n *k' s store at Half Price.
f^sy^ S \/\*jD'\ Brown Bros.' Men's $13»OO Cheviot and Cassimere Suit? at Half Price.. $6*50
I VftTV/' l\ I I* f\ Brown Bros.' Men's $/S*OO Sill ts— twenty different styles of pure wool Worsteds and
\y j& \\l L A Cassimere -at Half Price ..$7.50
V* f\ Rl I \ Brown Bros.' Men's $22. 50 Suits— twenty different styles in the newest and mo3t stvl-
\£L/ it I r / - kh patterns— at Half Price $11.25
*% If P /^jg^jrg» Brown Bros.' Men's $12.53 Overcoats— Beavers, Kerseys and Ctev-
3§? I Hj- A 'i A3^s iots— Half Price $6.25
I Vl x//\ iy Sfc^T Brown Bros.' Young yen's $13.00 Overcoats— Six styles, Coverts,
-* Iy I fV^^F^w Kersey 3 and Cheviota— half price $5.00
• t \ I *f# Arj <*2§rs&^. Brown Bro3 -' Young Men's $16*50 Overcoats— Finest grade Kerseys,
• 1 I In I hi^b&Wx\ Coverte and Oiford Gray Vicunas, made and trimmed ia the latest up-to-date
V-Ji-fTi / I &WW^ fashion-half price $8.2 >
YlTM\l\ 11ll An «/¥> i Brown Bro3. f Youths' $IQ,OO Suits— Cheriots, Serges and Csssimere— half
'M rid / /v .jui // p rfce - $s.oo
If | ll ll VT/Y \\ Brown Bros.' Boys' $15mOO long Pants Suit*— AU-wool blue and black
j/ 'I B II II il/Ai 1 /A Worsteds and Serges. Cheviots and Cassimeres — half price $7.50
If 1 | 111 //VJ Brown Bros.' Eoys' $10.00 3-Fieca Suits— Single or double breasted—
II 1 | I U ¦*/ y\ half price. :.. $SmOO
II \ Tr~~l/J Tfifh j V Brown Bros.' Soys* $12.50 3-PieCO Suits — handsomely made and trim-
Jy -^fc^a^ef VJ a^ mcd— half price....... . $6.25
§- & > . yV n *' r^ > Brown Bros.' Chi: dren's $5.00 Suits— Veste* styles, .sixes 3to 8 years —
k *^ half price ...™ ..$2.50
Brown Bros.' 35. 00 Sailor Suits—^Sixes for 3 to 10 years, blue or fancy chevots— half pric«............~.»~...«.~..>2«50
Brown Bros.' $10 .00 VoStOO or BLOVSB Suits— 4o of the newest, swellest styles— half price $SmOO
Brown Bros.' $2-75 2-PleCB Suits for boys 8 to 15 years— half price. ;.~ $1,443
Brown Bros.' $5.00 Reotor Suits for boys 3 to 10 years, deep sailor collars, well made and trimmed— half price.. $2.5 J
Main Hoor—U^Qcar Entrance.
Prices That
Groceries,
Cove Oysters— Excellent, Is, I
3 tins 25c
Stareh — Best Laundry, loose,
lb : 6c
Table Fruits— Very choice.
Nectarines, Pears and Apr>
cots, 3 tins ~.50c
Sweet Com— Best Western. 5
tiaa.. 30c
Eastern Bacon — The choic-
est, sweet and leas, per lb..
.„ „ _Isc
Pepper— Whole cr .fround,
the best, lb 23c
Soda — Arm and Hanmer or
Cow Brand, large packages
Sc
Peeled Tomatoes Good
grade, this season, 6 tins....
* i. 40c
Peas— New esnaed, per tin...
_ _' 10c
Babbitt's Soap— 7 bars..2 5c
Japan Tea— The natural leaf,
oncolored, extra good grade,
lb ....*oc
Beans— Small white or pea, 7
lbs _.....23c
(Main Floor— Rear.
Brown Bros. & Co., Retail Clothing
Stock— Men's and Boys'— Half Price.
In Conjunction IViti G<ezt Ha'f Price Sale
Toilet Article Bargain
J' _-.*•——¦- We offer for Monday
«^'or*o**^ and while qaantitj
S—^r ~^/jhf-f lasts. 800 Hecri Roch-
V J*£™&y\iiJ can Combination Pack-
£{-""3 •¦i/jk'iJr a S c9 i coat3in:Eg one
Vi-\'?'!3^Y&W cake °* £03p * one
K^M£z*jf-i'! ! !'jf *l e °f extract and ore
— package of sachet
\ *_^V powder — any of these
favorite odors : Peaa
, d* Espagne, Heliotrope, Violet and White Rose, Jff-
at the very special price per* package fvv
(Main Floor — 'Rotunda.
Balance of Strauss' Stock
Underwear and Hosiery
Half Price.
All that remains of Strauss' unusually fine assortment of
Ladies' Vests, Pants and Union Suits wOl' be on sale on Mon-
day and while quantity lasts at one-half Strauss' prices.
Strauss' 75c garments.37io Strauss' $1.50 garmenta.7so
Strauss' $1 garments.. .sOC Straass" 22 garments $imOO
Second of Entrance.
In Conjunction With Greit Half-Price Sale
Cushions 1-3 Off.
500 only eplendid Floss Cushions in all the best sizes, 16, 18,
20, 22, 24* and 26 inches square, at jost ans-third less
than ever before retailed in this city.
16x16 inches 150 22x22 inche3 370
ISxIS inches 220 24x24 inches 45 0
20x20 inches 3Oc 25x26 inches 600
Curtain Department — Miin Floo r .
California's ßest
Chinese Bazaar.
Of all the famed Oriental Bazaars
in San Francisco the big Chinesa
and Japanese Bazaar is this store h
easily the finest. The rare ivories,
curious bric-a-brac carved ebonies,
embroidered silks, beautiful Cloi-
sonne ware and curies from all parts
of the Orient are well worth a visit
of inspection. No stranger in San
Francisco should leava tows with-
out visiting this beautiful bazaar.
Goods are marked is plain figures
at surprisingly low prices Both
native asd Americas clerks.
Miin Floor— JissU-strtrt Entrants.
Men's Furnishings.
In conjunction with the Clothing sale seven lots
of Men's Furnishings at low prices.
Men's Suspenaers-itaej webbing, leather end»-
pair.....™....^ 170
Linen Handkerchiefs— rz^% foil size, all linen—
each ;i jjoq o
Unlaundered ShiriS— "Leominster" make, broken
sizes 23g
Laundered Shir fs— "Lecninster" make, broken sixes,
each - 47c
"Kaiser" Erand Collars— best German make-
dozen 48c
Children's Windsor Ties— light or dark— nice
colora fj c
Men's Underwear — Sea klasd Cotton, Derby
Ribbed, each. ## 43 is
mount, full siie 16x19 inches, just 100 of the3e beautiful
pictures in deferent subjects, will be sold tf£ 4 Jf ' 4f%
fcr the very special price this week, oach *f* mmm £r
j_ _ A special purchase of 300 assorted pieces— silver-plated .^gS>
j^.rrnh Bon Bon Stands, opal decorated and plated framed Jelly or y^^^y^^Sy
* Candy Dishes, glas3 and plated rimmed Jelly Stand 3, Spoon y^SH^^jfessf^iOw
iim _H t -. ' Holders, Cream Pitchers, etc, etc, and opal decorated Powder fjffjS V v^l
T^iiiwu'Tjl i(h "Boxes— on special sale Monday and while quantity lasts f Qif* tfl 1 r~y^^ \l
{' Wv-fe-^ffilks""^ ?* 1 I at ' tte remarkably low price — per piece m«7 ILr j lie. jf*^§ >\i I ffj&& 1 1
f.fr&Mfl?T^- '~j^f € *\ J Also* 300 7-inch Cigar and Sewing Trays— opal decoratedAv Kg|^ Jf^O' Jf
J^J&2^ w "*k sHTW-plated rizns — the ash trays have pretty hand-painted pipe
and cijar designs — the sewing trays, hand-painted spools of thread, -****•
«==~jfe^-^a thimble and needle - Monday and while the quantity *&'*&&% '^
'lasts at the rery special price— each. *""
Crockery 'Department— First Floor.
Two Crockery Department Specials.
In conjunction with Hie Great Half -Price'. Sale
Second Floor — East Front.
In Conjunction With Great Half-Pnce Sale.
Art Dept. Specials.
rj-r i i ' i Class Pho to Frames,
WL -^ Card Cabinet and Park Panel
I* V~| \^ sizes, heavy beveled plate
» »L». !^"A% e!ass * Qo .^ back &n^
% Yv«i'- —^4% easel, on special sale this
% V '**&^}\S> \W \ wee * ° z h at a " Prico.
\ yßteTg£2*\\-£\ ' ' Colored
X '".% v^V\?^^'T~'^7^r^^ 1^ subjects,
''•V'^a / \ j^p v » framed in oae-
71 ed eilt noldbe,
Strauss' Fine Skirts—
Half Price*
Lot I—An1 — An assortment of this season's
plain and Plaid Skirts, all wool, all
finely made ; Strauss' prices $3.50 to
$10.00— our sale prices
$1.53 to $2.45
Lot 2 — Assorted lot of this season's fin-
est solid colored, black silk, fancy
colored and beautiful Plaid Skirts ;
Strauss' prices $10.00 to $15.00 — our
sale price $S*OO
Lot 3— An assortment of Black Silk Taf-
feta and finest Black Broadcloth
Skirts ; some of them silk lined ;
Strauss' prices $2Q.00 to $30.00 — our
sa'.e price $10,00
Balance of Strauss' Stock
Neckwear, Collars and
Cuffs and Veiling
Half Price*
There still remains a good assortment of Strauss' handsome
line of Jabots, Fronts, Stock Collars, String Ties, Band Bow 3,
Imperial Scarfs, English Squares, PuSs, Cogue and Peacock
Boa 3, etc., etc— -Strauss' prices range from 25c to 57.50 —
your unreserved choice at half those prices./3c to $3*75
Collars, in a fair assortment of sizes, Straus3 f prices were
10c 12Jo and 15c, the half-sale price 3 for tOo
Cuffs, black, colored and white, Strauss' prices 15c, 2)o
and 25c the half-£3le price, per pair..! 7c
Strauss' Veilings, consisting of plain tissues, tuxedos, fancy
weaves, malines and other popular styles, for which Strauss'
asked 25c to $1.50 per yard, sale price I2\C to 750
Rotunda — Main tloor.
Strauss' Fine Wrappers
—Half Price*
Lot I— Assorted lot of Calico and Flan-
nelette Wrappers, all kinds, for which
Strauss' prices were ?1.50 to 54.00 —
our sale prices 690 to $1.48
Lot 2— An assortment of All- Wool Eider-
down, French Flannel and Fancy Cash-
mere Robe 3 and Tea Gown 3 ; Strauss'
prices $5 to $10 — our sale price 5........
$2.50 to *5.90
Lot 3 — Finest AH- Wool Fancy Cashmere
and Silk Tea Gowns, most elaborately
trimmed ; Strauss* prices $i 5 to $35 —
our sale prices.. $7. 50 to $f5.00
Strauss 9 Muslin Underwear
and Corsets at
Half Price*
Quantities of Strauss' desirable Mus-
lin Underwear asd Corsets still en hand.
The prices asked would not pay for ma-
terials — every articta a real, genuine
bargain.
Strauss' $3 Nainsook Gowns— half
price .sf*sO
Strauss' s2 Naissook Gowns— half
price ....SI-OO
Strauss* $3.50 Cambric Skirt— hate
price - Sl '7s
Strauss' $5 Caabrio Skirts— hit
price $2*50
Strauss' $2 Nainsook Drawers —
half price. $t,OO
Straus^ 50c Dorset Covers— half prica............;?50
Strauss' 7c Babio** Bibs— less than half. .^.. 3o
Strauss' Corset Stock consisted of the
best lines of W. 8., R. NJ G., P. D., I. C, C. P. and
Ferris Waists and other miscellaneous brands, all
of which are unsparingly cut for tha great double
sale to one-half of Strau3s' prices.
Strauss' $1.50 W. B. and R. G. Corsets— at half 750
' Strauss* $3 W. B. and R. G. Corsets— at half $1,50
Straus3* J3 Ld,P. D. and C. P. Corset— at half price.£/»SO
Assorted lot of Strauss' 50c Corsets — at ha1f........... 25 t
Assorted lot of Strauss' $1.00 Corsets— at ha 11............ 50 O
McKay's Hose Supporter and Brae* for children ; Strauss*
price 50c— sale price .......--.-.... ...^. .„.._.. ./So
In the Corsets size line 3 are mor» or less broken, but we
have your size in some of the above a-.d they are by far tha
biggest Corset bargains ever offered in San Francisco.
Lidies' Furnishing Depjttment — Second Floor.
In Conjunction With Grt it Half Price Sale
A Wash
Goods Bargain.
On sale to-morrow, Monday, morning and while quantity lasta,
. a mill clean up of fine Madras and Ginghams, 4300 yards in
all, new styles, values ranging from 9c to 15c per yard;
come early for these, for the special sale price w ill i TW^%
be - — per yard *¦**
'Bargain Tables— (Main *Aisle.
In Conjunction With Great Halt Price Sau
Good Quality
Sheeting— 19 c.
We place on sale to-morrow, Monday, while quantity 1m: t,
about 1500 yards of good, substantial Sheeting for double
beds fully 81 inches wide), both bleached and en- "f Qf%
bleached, at the very special price, per yar-i. ...... ¦ w.
Dry Goods — First Floor.
Dry Goods WS~f% flfl mf^ m% ¥& - *to ***. Retail
Stock of £1 IL^ w 1 s*-^ l-Kr- B A^ftg /^ I A mm ~B j mg wn^'Wi'M Clothing
N -to o u . ss I lie Half Knee t^oniinueci«*r^.
These I2io Cigars lOc*
Belaosti Sanches Eaya
Eumboldti Principe de Gales
NaTarros La Roea Espanola
General Arthur La Rosa Caste llane
Cigar Stand— Rotunda.
Free Entertainment*
Aim HazzartS, the pleasing Ven-
triloquist and Musician, who so charm-
ingly entertained visitors to the big Btore
some months ago, returns to us this week,
and wiil appear daily from 10 to 12 a. m.
and 2 to 5 p. m. in Exhibition Hall, Sec-
end Floor.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THJJ EMPORIUM.
TUB EMPORIUMS.
THE EBTPOBrtJM.
The Confectionery Dep't
You will find the Candy, Ice Cream asd
Soda Water Departments in new quarters
Monday morning. The greatly increasing
business required more room, asd they
hare been transferred to a handsomely
appointed apartment is the maia able,
between the Crockery and Book Dep'ta.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SIHSDAT, MARCH 4, 1900.
CALIFORNIA'S^ LARGEST-AMERICA'S . ORANDEST_ STORE
*
' ' """""X.**
jr'/l\\.
17Incredible but True.
Passengers on th* Union Pacific "OTertancl
Limited" can leave San Francisco fourteen
hoars later and arrive ta Chicago nearly five
hours earlier than by an- other through car
line. D. W. Hitchcock. Gen. Agt., I Montgom-
ery st, S. F.
DOMINICANA.
J~\ N attractive addition to the periodical literature
,f~\ of the city appears this month with the first
* • * number of a magazine bearing the title,
"Dominicana." It is to be devoted mainly to the af
fairs of the Dominican Fathers and the interests of
lhat order. It is announced, however, that it will be
.-: family magazine also, and "a means of communica
tion between priests and people, a chronicle of events
interesting to the members of our different congre
gations, and a sympathetic advocate of the educa
tional work with which the Sisters of St. Dominic
are so honorably identified."
. Among the notable articles in the first number are:
"Dominican Missions in the Philippine Islands,"
"St. Thomas Aquinas," "The Rosary — Mary's Gift."
r.iid a continued story, "The Secret of Grossmeister
Gin's." by Margaret D. O'Brien. There are also
•. several original poems of rare merit, that add con
siderably to the literary interest of the number.
; The magazine will be found of particular value to
all who desire to keep posted on the affairs of the ad
ministration of the Roman church, as close attention
will be given to such matters by the editors, and, as
i« stated in the introduction, "The establishment of
a permanent bulletin guaranteeing to the people pre
cise and accurate information concerning "the feasts
end celebrations of the church, the work of societies
and general organization of religious life among the
young and the old, is an enterprise which can justly
count on the cordial approval of those for whose
benefit it is inaugurated."
.". The dispatches announce that the war in the Philip
jpines it practically over. There must be a dreadful
skfeasm in the announcement to those that have
wiitched the little army of the dead lowered body by
body from the coffin ship Hancock now in the har
bor.
Independent Foresters.
Last Tuesday night in Court Terba
Buena more than thirty members attend-
ed the meeting, and after the transaction
of the routine business it was decided
that at the next meeting: there should b»
introduced under "gooa and welfare" a
new feature which it is believed will in-
struct and greatly Interest the member-
ship not only of the court but visitors
from other courts. It was also decided tt>
appoint an entertainment committee ot
young members, who shall arrange an en-
tertainment at stated periods for the ben-
efit of the members and their friends.
Senior Woodward A. Volkmann of Court
Yerba Buena on the Mst of last month
celebrated the twenty-second anniversary
of his birth by an "at home" in the resi-
dence of his parents at 544 Castro street-
There were present twenty-four ladles and
yrentlemen.. In addition to the members of
the family, and there was a very pleasant
evening of music, songs and dancing
after congratulations had been extended.
Court Diana has made arrangements to
five an entertainment every third Thurs-
day night In its hall at 20 Eddy street.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. March 3.— V. H. Metcair
of Oakland and H. O. Bond of Santa
Clara are at the Waldorf-Astoria; E.
Saunders of Ban Francisco is at tha
Grand.
WARNING AGAINST POOLROOM INIQUITY
vain, how sad would be the outlook at
this moment, not in Russia only, but
throughout Europe!
The world, however, goes onward,
notwithstanding every obstacle, and for
my own part I have no faith more firm
than my faith in the ultimate triumph of
the people, and that God's will speaks
through them as the interpreters of his
law.
With renewed thanks to you,
I am, yours very truly,
HALL CAINE.
? • ? ?
The Tsar's speech at the opening of the
Diet showed how precarious is the tenura
by which the Finnish people hold their
autonomy, which was guaranteed to then
by the strongest possible oaths and prom
ises.
Mr. Hall rightly regards militarism as
a tremendous danger to civilization, anil
that it is probably more acute now thaa
at any time during the last deoade.
WILLIAM J. D. CROKE. LL. D.
ABTTJSEiaENTS.
California. "Darkeat Russia."
Tivoll — "The Idol's Eye.~
Ori>heum — Vaudeville.
Grand Oi«rs.-hoo*»— "Aladdin Jr."
Columbia— "Th* Old Homestead." to-morrow nlrtt.
A:< tr-ar — "The New South."
California— Operatic concerts. Tuesday afternoon, March 6.
Cautes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Oljmpia, corner of. Mason and Eddy etreets— Specialties.
-. Ehermaji-Oay Hall — Piano recitals. Monday mornlnr,
I'arch 5.'
Mechanics' Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
Union Courslnic Park — Coursing to-day.
' liytfertae Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Oakland. Pjic eirack— Races to-morrow.
HALL CAINE'S NOTABLE REPLY
TO THE SAVANTS OF FINLAND
There, is every reason to believe that the boasted
fortifications at Esquimalt do not amount to much
after all. Two suspected spies were caught within
the lines and released a few days ago on taking an
oath not to tell what they saw.
The Fastest Train Across the- Oon-
tlnent.
JThe California Limited. Santa T» root*.
Conneotin* train, leave at S p. a. Kondayt
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and be«t track of any line to
the Eart. Ticket office. 828 Market str««C
arrived yesterday from his home in Ban
Jose. '
:: J. H. Barbour, a capitalist of San Diego
Is among the late arrivals at the Palace.
Samuel Nicholson, a wealthy mining
man of Leadville. Colo., is at the Palace
for a short stay.
i.^ y i ? wealthy and prominent
land owner of Vlsalla, Is one of yester
day s arrivals at the California,
ls^fh" I' , Con «. banker and capitalist.
£*£-."£ PaI l a . ce ' wher * ha *rrtved ye«
terday from his horn« in. Red Bluff.
m££iX*t £ n - John >"«»»¦ *nd- family
¥£Z Zi^* Palace y«»terday from New
York. Th» party is here on a pleasure
Oeonr* R. Stewart, a merchant of LOB
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. B. B. Cory, a physician of Fresno,
Is at the Grand.
L. W.Moultrie, a lawyer of Fresno, la
a guest at the Lick.
Rev. Thomas E. Wlnecoff of Tacoma la
at the Occidental for a few days.
W. J. Hogan, a prominent merchant of
Redwood, Is a guest at the Palace.
' Carl B. Lindsay, a prominent : attorney
of Santa Crux, Is among; the arrivals at
the Lick. .
R. -J. - Langford, ¦'. Sheriff . of Santa
Clara County, Is at the LJck, where he
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wide-vesttbuled Pullman tourist
¦leeplnc car« rla Santa Fe route, experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Ct.lcaxo and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To Bt. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 628 Market street
AFTER THE CITY'S LIGHTS WENT OUT.
Mrs, .Gayboy (severely)— What time did you get home last night? ;• 1
Gayboy. (cautiously)— -Oh, a v ilttle after dark. .
Mrs. Gayboy— After dark? Why it was daylight when you came in.
Gayboy— Well, ißn't that after dark?
AN EXPERIMENT OF THE KAISER.
KAISER WILLIAM, in addition to writing a
drama for the purpose of elevating the stage,
pushing a railway project in Syria for the pur
pose of expanding German commerce, and. promoting
an extensive naval programme for purposes not yet
declared, has undertaken to prevent large department
stores in Germany from driving the smaller traders
out of business. To that end his Ministers have in
troduced into the Reichstag a bill imposing a heavy
graded tax on the big stores, and it is being sup
ported with all the strength of the court and the
administration.
A correspondent of the London Chronicle, in giv
ing an account of the measure, says it divides staple
articles of merchandise into four groups — first, eat
ables, drinkables and drugs; second, drapery and
clothing; third," house furnishing; fourth, gold, silver*
stationery, objects of '/¦ art and instruments and
An Insolvent Miner.
Joseph A. Ohmert, a miner residing at
Spenceville. Nevada County, filed a peti-
tion In Insolvency yesterday in the United
fiW?*, Dl «rtct Court. His liabilities aro
$3414 40 and he has no assets.
There is an absolute certainty that^ there will be no
serious contest over at least one great American es
tate even in these times of squabbling heirs. An
American king of one of the Fiji Islands was mur
dered by his subjects some time ago and the natives
have chosen one of themselves for the succession.
The American heirs will not contest. - '
Cecil Rhodes says that. he is firmly convinced that
the divine destiny of the diamond is not to decorate
the persons of the fair sex. Cecil has shown no par
ticular inclination, however, to sell sparklers for fuel.
Enthusiastic^ merchants of this city are planning to
organize an "Asiatic Association" to encourage and
develop oriental trade. It strikes one as a very poor
name with which to characterize a very good cause.
¦ Costa Rica and Nicaragua have apparently decided
to annihilate one another. They might save them
selves the trouble by waiting for some angry and in
jured nation to come' in and whip them both.
The row between American and Spanish officers
over.what happened to the Spanish ships at Santiago
continues merrily on. The ships still remain at the
; bottom of the sea,
Special Information supplied dally ta
business houses and public men by th*
Presa Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per H> at Townsend's.*
The frequency with which "errors" have been found
in the books of ex-Tax Collector Sheehan creates a
suspicion that that officer had a mistaken conception
of the scope of his duties. The place of last resort for
collections is the city treasury.
Sacramento Bee to the People of the Town of Washington Across
the River.
A proposition has been made that if you will permit the iniquitous poolroooms
to nourish In your midst the owners of these dens of Satan will either light
your town or pave your streets.
Good people and neighbors, can you afford to put your homes in darkness,
wring your hearts in sorrow and anguish, in order that your town may be Il
luminated?
"Would it not be a fearful price to pay for paving your streets if your own
aons were started on that path which is smoothly macadamized to hell?
And, good people and neighbors, who would really pay for lighting your town
or paving your Btreets?
Not the poolroom owners. That money would be wruns; from the fathers
and mothere, employers and employes of Sacramento and Washington. It would
be taken from the family hoard, would be wrested from wives and babies, would
be stolen from tills.
Your town might be illuminated, but by Its light you would see some promis
ing young men on their way to State prison, disgraced and damned for life.
Your streets might be paved, but it would be hell's own pavement.
•Be warned in time, good friends and | neighbors. You have homes of your
own. You, good women, have husbands whom you love, sons whom you idolize.
Are you willing to see your homes blighted as many a good and happy home In
Sacramento has been? \ .
Are you willing to pay the terrible price for street illumination or street
paving?
The Bee knows what it la talking about. The people of Sacramento know by
bitter experience. Not all the faro games that have flourished in California
since the early days have done the work of the devil to such an extent as have
these later day poolrooms. '
Good people and neighbors: Do you want Sacramento's experience repeated
in your own little town? Do you want your sons ruined, your homes devas
tated by this curse?.
Slf not. stand firm and stand fast against the iniquity that Is seeking to
fasten Itself on your community. '¦.'..
Kick the unclean thing out and keep it out!
Angeles, and E. A. Meserve. a well-known
attorney of the same place, are registered
at the Grand. . - ,
souvenir of an interesting event.
What you are good enough to add of
the interest I feel in the present position
of your country emboldens me to say
that the news of the opening of your
Diet has come thus far, and that there
are those even in Rome who feel with
you in the delicacy and difficulty of
your position, as a nation with a right
to self-government which is in danger
of becoming only a name. It seems *o
us that it is an anachronism to limit the
powers of the people, and that the ten
dency of the age is to enlarge, not to
lessen the bonds of freedom. Let us
hope that the militarism which is now
passing over Europe is only a tempo
rary distemper, and that the rulers of
nations will come to see that countries
are not made great by great armies, but
by the just laws which, make happy and
contented peoples. If this hope were
PRINCIPAL HJETT, THE UNI
VERSITY. HELSINGFORS, FIN
LAND.
My Dear Sir:
IT has not been for lack of interest or
of gratitude that I have not replied
before this to the telegram which
you were so good as to send me, in
the name of your colleagues and of
the public, on the occasion of the first
performance of "The Christian" in Fin
land, j A more happy thought than that
which suggested the message it would
be difficult to imagine, and I beg you to
receive yourself, and to communicate to
Professor Setala, Mr. Cajander and the
Baroness Palmen, and, if possible, to
that part of the public which received
your suggestion so kindly, my grateful
acknowledgments and the assurance of
my intention to preserve your telegram
as a very honorable and distinguished
THE BEE'S BUZZ SAW.
THE Sacramento Bee harks back to the con
ventions, platforms and personalities of 1896 to
explain its position on non-constitutional gov
ernment of our external possessions. We quoted to
it the early approval of such government by the San
Francisco Examiner, and in turn we receive with
philosophy the attention of the Bee's business end to
The CalL As we don't store honey in the same hive
that is legitimate. But the Bee socks it* stinger up
to the hilt into the Examiner. We had supposed that
the two hummed in the same hive, pastured on the
same blossoms and were ready at any time to swap
bee bread and wax. We must have been mistaken,
for the Bee buzzes and says: "While the San Fran
cisco Examiner to a certain extent supported Bryan,
it never was in favor of the silver clause. It is not
now in favor of it. The Journal, which is the New
York end of this journalistic Siamese twins, is daily
sneering at Bryan's loyal devotion to the cause of
silver. Neither the Journal nor the Examiner wants
Bryan to bt the people's nominee this year. But the
Journal and the Examiner and all other enemies put
together cannot compass his defeat at Kansas City.
If The Call hereafter desires to point out to the Bee
its duty in any matter it had better quote from tome
more respected authorities than Grover Cleveland or
the San Francisco Examiner."
All right. We won't do it any more. We supposed
that harmony, quiet, heavenly harmony, like that of
the morning stars or two babies sucking the two ends
of the same stick of candy, prevailed in the Bryan
camp. It is a painful disillusion to be told that the
Examiner is opposed to Bryan. Not only is it dis
agreeable as removing a fixed impression, but it is a
distinct advantage to Bryan on which we had not
counted. We had treated his candidacy as handi
capped by the Examiner's support, but it seems that
he goes into the running lighter than our estimate.
The Bee will consult our peace of mind and
strengthen our conviction of Republican success if it
will shuffle again and see if it can't bring Bryan out
burdened by the Examiner's support.
AUCTION SAXES.
Br Earton. EldrldKe & Co.— Tuesday. March 6. at 12 o'clock.
Real Estate, at C3B Market etreet.
By New YorkAuctlon Co.— Wednesday, March 7, at 11 o'clock.
Government t=ur>pUe«. at Sl6 Washington street.
THE COST OF TRACK GAMBLING.
SUPERVISOR TOBIN'S argument in favor of
the racetrack gamblers is made up of two
counts— first, that the gamblers have made a
large investment of money and are entitled to such
privileges as will enable them to earn a revenue
from it; second, that the license fee fixed by his reso
lutions will bring to the city a revenue of $100 a day.
For the sake of these monetary considerations he is
willing to give the Eastern gamblers full liberty to
encourage vice and to bring as many men, women
and boys as they can to those dishonorable practices
that lead to crime and to suicide.
There may be others in the city who, like Tobin,
look upon money as the supreme thing in the world,
and regard profit and interest as matters superior to
all the virtues combined. It is therefore worth while
to point out that even from their point of view the
aigument of Tobin is invalid, because it is based upon
an erroneous calculation of the financial results of
track gambling. Mr. Tobin has taken into consid
eration only that side of the ledger which shows the
credits due to the gamblers, and has ignored that
which shows their debts to the community.
In the first place the investment made by the gam
blers is not an industrial nor a commercial invest
ment. It produces nothing that adds to the wealth
of the city. On the contrary, it is in the nature of a
sponge. It absorbs wealth and gives nothing. The
money which passes into the hands of the gamblers is
drawn from the community, and the community re
ceives in return for it no single thing of any value.
The gamblers grow rich and disport their ostenta
tious vices in our most expensive hotels and saloons,
but their dupes sink steadily downward to the poor
house or the Morgue.
The amount of money which the gamblers draw 10
themselves by their nefarious trade is enormous. The
drain is so exhaustive that it soon empties the purses
of the victims and compels them first to borrow, until
they can borrow no more, and then to steal. Through
the Widber defalcation alone they drew into their
coffers $116,000 out of the city treasury, and that was
but one of the many defalcations caused by their so
called "sports."
In his protest against the resolutions Dr. Dille
pointed out to the Police Committee that Chauncey
Depew stated not long ago that the large business
failures, defalcations and embezzlements of the past
year have been wholly due to . racetrack gambling;
that $250,000,000 is spent annually in the maintenance
of the track gamblers, with their following of tout 3
and toughs.
It is to" be borne in mind that in the gambling the
public has no chance to win any more than just
enough to entice them to further gambling. The
Eastern sharpers did not come to California to en
courage horse-breeding nor for the benefit of horse
men. They came here to enrich themselves, by prey
ing upon the vices of the community. They arrange
the races so they can win, and they do win.
Against the amount of the investment made by the
Eastern gamblers, which Tobin regards as something
sacred, there is to be set the vast sums of money the
gamblers have already taken in from the city. Against
the $100 a day revenue to be derived from the li
cense must be set the cost of extra police work,
court trials and the heavy array of thefts from the
city and from private parties. Thus, then, waiving
consideration of the morality of the issue and the
deep concerns of honor and of life, the proposed
licensing of track gambling would still be a thing to
be condemned by the intelligence of the people, be
cause on Tobin's own ground of.finance it is a blight
and, a curse to the community.
44 Countries Are Not Made Great by Great Armies, but by the Just
Laws Which Make Happy and Contented Peoples."
To the Editor of The Call: ROME, Feb. 7, 1900.
When "The Christian" was performed as a drama for the first time at Helsmgfors, Fin
land, on January 26, 1900, the enthusiasm was so great that Professor Setala, who holds the chair
of Finnish literature in the town university, rose in his place and asked the audience if it did
. not wish to testify its pleasure by sending a telegram of thanks and congratulation to the author
in Rome. The vote was carried by acclamation and a committee formed on the instant sent a
lengthy telegram to Hall Came. ;,;J; ,
The author's reply below is of interesting political significance:
/•{SUNDAY MARCH 4. 1900
;.vO/ • JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
' .¦'¦[ ." Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
IXBUCATIOS OITICB. .SJnrfcet and Third. S. F.
Telephone Mala ISOS.
1 :i!TOm.iL ROOMS. .- .217 to 221 Strremoß St.
Telephone Main 1874.
DellTrrrd hr Carrier-. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Coplm, 5 Cent*.
. ¦ . Terras l>r Mall. Including: Post nirei
f»AII.Y CALL <lnelndlnjt Sundny). one yenr..*«.oo
DAILY CALL (•nrlnrtlnir Sunday). O month*. . 3.00
- IIAILY CALL rlnclodlnc Sandar), 3 months.. l.ftO
HAII.V CALL — By Single Month t\r,e
MMHV CALL On* Year IJGfi
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All yuinußiirri. are authorised to receive
. ¦ . subscription*.
• • (sample copies will be forwarded when reonested
OAKJLAJKO OFFICE 1118 Uroarfvrnr
C GEOItCB KROGXESS,
Vitactr Korels'a Ad-rei-tialnc Uarqnetta llnlld
ln«T. ChteaaT*.
»KW YOUR COHIU£SPO.\nE.Vrt
«-. O. CAULTO* Horn I<l Saaare
CIM CA GO >KWS STA\DSi
Sherman Hoc*ei P. O. Btevra Co.t Great .North
ern Hotel: Krvuoat Hoo*ej Aadltorlam Hotel.
KBW YORK KUWI STAID* i
Waldorf-Aatorla Hotel i A. Brent***, SI Union
¦ fQoarti Mtu-rajr Hill UotcL
SEW YOIIK UKPUKSEKTATIVBi
t'CKBT LLKK>S JIl "XU Tribune Bnlldtnx
- WAbUIAGTO.I «ij. C.» OKKICU. . Wellliurto* Hotel
i. r. KAGLJSH. Corrf.pon.ltnL
*R-*.WCH OKFTCKS 527 Montcromery. enrnrr of
Clay. or«-n tin 111 9>30 o'clock. SOO Hayes,
ope* natll O:& o'clock. es» McAllister, open
«ntU 0:30 o'clock. «13 l.nrkln, open until
tl:::o o'clock. IU-41 Mission, ope* ::atfl 1«
o'clock. 22<tl Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until » o'clock. I (KM) Valencia, open nntll !?
o'clock. ItXI Eleventh, ope* until O o'clock.
STW. eeraer Tvre*ty-«ee<ind and Kentucky.
. open an 1 11 O o'clock.
weapons of all kinds.- It then provides that any con
cern engaging in trade in two or more of these groups
of articles is a "universal store" under the bill. The
tax begins to be levied on concerns with a turnover of
£25,000, and the annual tax which such a firm would
pay is £375. A business with a, turnover of £40.000
pays £625. with *a turnover of £60,000 a tax of £1100,
and so on.
It is said that in Germany^ the bill is regarded as
another illustration of the Kaiser's desire to govern
the affairs of the people in a paternal manner, but it
is not deemed of much importance. The proprietors
of the universal stores are not making much opposi
tion to it, and the belief prevails that should it be en
acted they will be able to take care of themselves by
compelling the manufacturers to pay a part of the tax
and the consumers the other part. It is also noted
that as the bill does not impose the tax upon stores
dealing in a single line of* articles, no matter how
huge it may be, it will be of little value in protecting
the small dealers after all: • •
It is very well known that the development of uni
versal stores in all parts of the civilized world has
been due to economic law, and is based upon the fact
that it costs less on the average to produce or to
handle a large number of articles of a particular kind
than a small number. The object of the Kaiser in
seeking to interpose and prevent the operation of
that law in the domestic trade of Germany is reported
to be due to a desire on his part to preserve the small
trader as a social class. In the meantime the British
are watching the experiment with a good deal of sat
isfaction. The Chronicle says: "We doubt whether
such efforts to confine commerce within the lines of
a social ideal are likely to be successful in the long
run; but, nevertheless, we need not grumble at any
legislation which is likely to make Germany a less
keen competitor in our markets."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
AMERICAN CITIZENSHIP.
IN the spring a young man's fancy seems to turn to
thoughts of orator}'- Colonel Bryan does not wait
for the buds to swell, but keeps in action the year
round. Just now his voice is merged in a great
chorus of speech-making that rolls over the continent
like a diapason of the spheres.
We are proud and happy to state that the one in
dividual voice that has recently been identified above
all the rest is the voice of a Californian. For the
time it so overgrew the whole choir as to make the
performance seem like a solo. It is needless to say
that the Californian was General Barnes. The Gen
eral interrupted his sentimental journey to New York
long enough to electrify the Union League Club of
Chicago on Washington's birthday. He was easily the
star orator of an occasion upon which oratory ap
pears and coruscates in constellations. The occasion
was a pro-expansion affair, illuminated by opalescent
dreams of glory and trade, and the General easily
carried off the honors and plucked the laurels to bring
home.
There was. however, one feature of his discussion
that passes beyond the interest taken in a speech
made by an orator who studies to please. Viewing
the balm-breathing islands that are now ours, lifting
their fronded palms in air from where the cross
hovers over Porto Rico to the shimmer of the cres
cent in the sunshine of the Sulus, the General clasped
them all and all their various breeds of people to his
bosom, which served vicariously for the constitution,
and with raised vision saw them sitting under the
shelter of the flag, panoplied with American citizen
ship and parading in that birthright which he pro
poses to share with them. Since Ossian E. Dodge,
in his tropical and erotic serenade, proposed to antic
up a tree for the bia's nest and to twang his guitar
where the mango apples grow, there has been no
more lover-like and generous proposition made to
the dusky sons and daughters than that flung upon
their necks like a string of jewels by General Barne3.
In its climax he exclaimed, "I do not know the race
that is incapable of American citizenship." The type
of the Chicago press seems to carry to the printed
page the gas heat of the casting process of a hundred
Mergenthalers in recording the "cheer after cheer",
that "rent the air" with a regulation rent at this ut
terance.
Getting down to cold, sober facts, we venture an
inquiry into the extent of General Barnes' ethnologi
cal knowledge. He goes abroad to declare the policy
of the open door of American citizenship to all races,
and uses it in an argument in favor of expansion
everywhere and on all sides. We are to take the land
into our domain and the people into our body politic,
for he knows of "no race that is incapable of Ameri
can citizenship." We file a demurrer, right here. To
be consistent the General must not wait for annexa
tion of a job lot of races. We have a variety on
hand and ready for experiment. Our own Indian
races were first on the ground and should be the first
to be escorted to the ballot-box. The negro follows.
He was once a slave, and is now a helot. The Fed
eral constitution, without lifting its fundamental
voice in oratory, a whole generation ago declared
him capable of American citizenship and endowed
him with it. But the ballot handed to him by the
supreme law of the land has been snatched from him
by his white partners in citizenship, and he attempts
to make effective use of his citizenship at the peril
of his life. Next in the line come the Chinese. They
are far up -in the scale of intelligence. They have
been long with us, but our laws declare them inca
pable of American citizenship and specifically exclude
them from the operation of our laws of naturaliza
tion. Will General Barnes come home to California
and advocate, personally or as a party measure, the
Chinese capability for American citizenship and start
a campaign for their legal admission to that privi
lege? Next are the Japanese, our more recent para
sites, who are already beginning to swarm in appre
ciable and unpleasant numbers in the midst of us.
Are they to join Hole-in-the-Air, Sambo and Ah Sin
in the harlequinade that will make an election booth
look like a museum of races? Next are the hybrids
of Porto Rico, all shades of color, from jet to jaun
dice, all as capable of American citizenship as Gen
eral Barnes himself I
Nor is this all. We have in Hawaii, Samoa and
the Philippines about sixty tribes, embracing every
race, from Polynesians to Malays, and sub-tribes,
septs, clans and factions ot more shades of yellow than
the robes of a Buddhist priest, but none of them in
capable of American citizenship and all to be made
equal in a black and tan republic that will be made to
look like a kennel filled with litters, running from the
milk white bull terrier, the spotted Dalmatian hound,
to the various shades of rat catchers and linked
sausage-like Dachshunds.
California will not pay a cent nor cast a ballot to
see the General's show. He may open it successfully
in Chicago, where its mere prospectus wrung "cheer
upon cheer" from his audience, but out here there
is less disposition to immerse American citizenship in
any darker dye stuff than has been heretofore used
to color it. A change of citizenship by consent, or
allegiance by force, works no change in racial char
acteristics. Oratory even cannot change the skin of
the Ethiopian any more than it can relocate the spots
of the leopard. If the witchery of General Barnes'
art could do this he could by oratory transform a
horse into a cow, or vice versa, and after a spin in
the park behind his favorite roadster milk him in the
stable and secure cream for the morning coffee. In
deed he could go further and charm himself out of
his known and well-beloved personality into that of
a Mandarin of the coral button or a Pasha of five tails.
He can do all these protean turns as easily as change
the racial nature of men, using a naturalization paper
as a poultice or a bleacher.
18
JOHN STORM'S PLEA WITH GLORY QUAYLE: ONE OF THE STRONGEST SCENES
IN "THE CHRISTIAN."This I guarantee on a $5000 bond to
be the genuine, original and patented
Dr. Sanden Belt, made in 1899, and hav-
ing a 30 years' reputation as the grand-
est remedy for RHEUMATISM, KID-
NEY TROUBLE and all PAINS and
WEAKNESS of man and woman. I
am now selling these Belts at half price.
Call and test them, or send for prices
and book, "Three Classes of Men," and
"Maiden, Wife and Mother," mailed
free. .
Dr^. S. S. HALL,
Lion Dnva co.,
Cor. Stockton and Market St%. San Fnndico
Journal of the Dominican Order.
Volume I, No. 1 of Domlnlcana, pub
lished by the Dominican Fathers of San
Francisco, has Just made its appearance
in the form of a pamphlet containing a
creditable selection of prose and poetry
contributed by local writers..
The paper will be issued monthly and
Its contents will be devoted to the inter
ests of the Dominican order as a means
of communication between the priests and
people, a bulletin of church events and
an exponent of Catholic truth and . doc
trine.
Every lady loves a "love of a bonnet."
See 500 elegantly displayed next Friday
and Saturday at "Keith's," 80S Market
street, Phelan building. •
Special for Ladies.
Beginning to-morrow you can buy la
dies' vesting top shoes in either laca or
button worth no less than $3 50 for only
Jl 50 a pair. These shoes are made of the
very best material and are the very latest
styles, so be sure to come and get a pair
and be right in it at the sale of shoes. 717
Market street, near Third. \ ...^ •i'
FOR
s£.mship SAN PEDRO
(Built in 1599.)
Capacity 1000 tons. All modern
conveniences for comfort. Elec-
tric lighted throughout.
Sailing From
BAN FRANCISCO
to— —
NOME DIRECT
May 15, 1900
This company will have Its own
complete pquipraent for the safe
an! expeditious landing of passen-
gers ar.d cargo on arrival at Nome.
For Fre'.pht and Passenger
Rates Apply to
GAPE NOME STEAMSHIP CO.
(H. R. DUFFIN & CO.. Oen'l Agents.)
10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
T SPRING DRESS GOODS
E-ATEST NOVELTIES.
To Introduce oar elegant stock of Spring and Sum-
mer styles to your notice we offer the following
SPECIAL VALUES THIS WEEK
NOVELTY CREPONS.
In solid color* and two-toned effects; silk, wool and mohair; 45 Inches wide; all
the latest shades of rrays, modes, new tans. Gobelins, new blues and pastel
colorings. A very firm, rood wearinr material at
Special this weeK $5.75 per suit length.
NEW SILK BLISTER CREPONS.
In m. lasK* ranee of the at»ve colorings; tie raised and tars- puffed effects;
; /¦'¦ rery swell; 48 Inches wide; equal In style and coloring- to any 12 50 crepon.
:' Special this week $7.50 per suit length.
;: '¦'.- W» also have a few very rlllcy designs In finer quality at f5.75 suit.
! In conjunction with the above special values, we are showing an endless ra-
• r . rlety in Ntw Homesouns, Zlbellne, Vicunas and Camel's Hair Novelties in both
| ', . plain and plaid effects from 25c to 92.30 per yard.
I OPENING OF OUR SPRING COTTON GOODS
| -•V IN ALL THE LATEST NOVELTIES.
| FRENCH FOUURDINE.
. A 80 Inches wide silk finished cotton wash material In new blue*, paroles and
', ¦ black jrrounds, with wbltn prints, figured and striped effects; handsome sub-
, stltute for silk foulards. ,
• Special at 15c per yard.
| BRAZYL CLOTH.
27 Inches wide; a printed, corded, thin cotton material for summer wear In
['¦'/,' new blues, purcles, black, lavender and light blue ground; whit* printed. The
latest novelty of the season.
i • Special at 163 C per yard.
i IMPORTED DOTTED SWISS.
: Stripe and flirured, in new blues, purples, lavender, navy and Ugfct bras
'. : ground; white printed; a novelty of the season; an elegant material for sum-
: mer wear. - - .!.-
: Special at 20c per yard.
i SCOTCH NOVELTIES AND ZEPHYRS.
In open-work stripes, checks and corded stripes; In all th» latest shadsa; la
a great variety.
: : 20c, 25c and 30c per yard.
On sale at Market-street store only.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROKMAN
107-109 POST STREET.
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
TUBE BLOWS OUT
OF TRANSPORT'S
STEAM LAUNCH
A Sailor and a Chinese Were
Slightly Scalded by the
Steam.
»
Now Board of Port Warden* to Beor-
ganize on April 6 — Small Eire at
Drydock — Sugar Boats
in Quarantine.
— ?
There was considerable excitement
around the army transport wharf early
yesterday morning when one of the boiler
tubes of the transport Hancock" • launch
blew out. No on© was dangerously hurt,
but It did not take long for the -news to
spread along the front and in a short
epace of time It was authentically stated
that twenty men had almost been scalded
to death. Some of the injured sailors had
been taken to the Harbor Hospital. Some
were carried aboard the hospital ship Mis
souri and the rest were taken out to the
Hancock, so the reports said.
When the facts of the cas» were run
to earth it was found that only two men
had been scalded. One was Quon Jung,
the Chinese fireman on the launch,
and the other a tailor named C.
Keneflck. The latter was slightly
scalded about the knees and on
the right hand, but was able to walk to
the Harbor Hospital and then go to his
home at 2432 Mission street after Dr. Deas
had dressed the wound. Quon Jung had a
lot of superficial ecalds en the legs, arms
and face, but Dr. Deas says none of them
are- serious. Tom Kayer, cockswain of
the launch,* got a blast from the escap
ing steam, but his clothes saved him.
How the Mishap Occurred.
The launch was making her first run
from the ship when the accident hap
pened. -She was alongside the south side
of Folsom street wharf and about twenty
men had grot aboard to go out to the
transport. Just as the Chinese fireman
opened the furnace door to put In some
coal the tube blew out and the after part
of the launch was at once enveloped in es
caping steam. The men then began to
tcramble ashore as quickly as possible.
Officer Sylvester, who was on duty, quick
ly ran a gangplank down to the boat and
in a few minutes all were ashore. There
was another wild rumor around to the
effect that there was no water in the
boiler and that the pumping in of a fresh
supply caused the tube to blow out. Had
this been so the whole boiler would have
gone and carried launch and everybody
aboard with It- After the accident the
launch was towed out to the Hancock
by the tug Reliance. It is a new boat,
having been built by the Union Iron
Works about the time the Hancock was
overhauled.
The Port Wardens will be reorganized
next month. By April 6 all of Governor
Budd'e appointees will be out of office
and the men whom Governor Gage ap
pointed will have their seats. E. R.
N'ickell Is now keeping warm the chair
vacated by Senator Braunhart, Charles
Spear took the place of Captain H. R.
Atwood, who died in Oakland a few days
ago, and when Captain Provost retires on
April 6 Captain Walte will succeed him.
John Harrigan, who has made such an
efficient secretary to the board for many
years past, will in all probability be
elected to another term by the new Port
Wardens.
May Flint Lost Her Charter.
Owing to the length of time the May
Flint took In getting from Hongkong to
Tacoma she lost her charter. The big
four-master will now load coal at Seattle
for San Francisco and on her arrival will
probably get a grain charter for Europe.
The American ship I. F. Chapman ar
rived from New York yesterday after a
good passage of 156 days. Captain Carter,
who brought her into port, was formerly
master of the E. B. Sutton. The Chap
man made the run from 50 degrees to 50
degrees in twenty days and came from
the equator to port in thirty-five days.
The voyage was an uneventful one. The
Chapman brings a general cargo, which
she will discharge and go to Honolulu to
load sugar.
The bark Roderick Dhu arrived from
Hilo after a splendid passage of fifteen
days, beating the barkentlne Irmgard,
which also came In from the same port,
by five days. The schooner Robert Lew
ers also came in after a passage of
twenty-six days from Koloa. All three
vessels were placed in quarantine. There
are sixteen cabin passengers on the Rod
erick Dhu. -•¦;'*.
There was a small fire at the Main
street drydock early yesterday morning.
A caldron of pitch boiled over and it
was some time before it could be smoth
ered out. The fire tug Governor Mark
ham was called out, but her services were
not required.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Company
has purchased the gasoline fishing boat
Alphonse XIII, and will use her at Orca
station as a cannery tender. She will be
probably taken north on the steamer
Jeanie. _£/ -¦
ADV^TW-TTRKIMWMTE^
MISCELLANEOUS.
The , friends of the Old , Government
Whlßky are never drunkards. •
NEW WESTER* HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON 6T8.-R^
modeled and renovated. KINO., WARD *
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to « W «*y .
Si to M week; tftot» month. **•• «*ta»:J>2:
aad cold waur overy room; flr» gratta la vrtrf
room; elevator runs all nlect.
Golden West Entertains.
Golden 'West Council No. 1716 of the
Royal Arcanum had an open meeting in
the social hall of the Red Men's building
last evening. H. T>. Hutt was master of
ceremonies. The programme follows:.ln
strumental selection. Louis F. Kline Jr.;
recitation, Miss Mabel , H. Smitten; coon
specialties, the Johnson families: a thirty
minute talk on "Our New Cltiienshlp,"
"Why I Am a Catholic."
The fourth lecture of a series arranged
by the lecture bureau, of the Y. M. I. will
be delivered \by Hon: Henry C. Dillon of
Los Angeles on" next, Monday night, at
Metropolitan Hall. ? The, subject will be
"Catholicism,, and Why I Am" a Cath
olic."
Rivet-Heaters Quit Work.
Over 150 rivet heaters' employed in the
Union Iron Works gave up their Jobs last
Friday and quit work. For some time
past the rivet heaters, mostly young boys,
have been dissatisfied with the wages paid
them, and > took this method of bringing
the ship building concern to time.
Anyvo Theatrical Cold Cream,! Makeup
and Rouge Gras. Sold by all druggists. •
Broke Into His Room.
M. L. Robinson, 505 Ellis street, report
ed to the police yesterday that some one
had entered his room during the night
and had stolen his gold watch and chain
and two diamond rings. He gave a'de
scription of the articles and Detectives
Harper and Sullivan were detailed on the
case.
Half Price.
Big Seizure of Game.
Wild game of several hundred dollar*'
value was seized yesterday by Deputies
Vogelsang and Kercheval of the Game
and Fish Commission and turned over to
the" City and County Hospital and sev
eral orphan asylums for the benefit of
the Inmates. Early in the day the depu
ties obtained search warrants and on the
authority of the documents made a
search of the National Ice and Cold Stor
age Company's premises on Eighth and
Townsend streets. In the apartments
rented by Lemolne & Co. they found ISO
dozen quail and twenty dozen ducks. A
large number of grouse were found in
the apartments of Fodera & Co. This
is the largest seizure made since that
in the cold storage plant at Coronado.
The possession of wild game out of sea
son is prohibited by the law. which has
been upheld by several decisions of the
Supreme Court. In fact It is unlawful
for the storage people to have the pro
hibited game on their property.
Schle«slnser. G. G. F. Schumacher. Francis
Smith. J. Q. Stewart and Mrs. Stewart. J. L.
M Shatterley. Mrs. Shatterley. J. C. Smith.
A. C. Soule, H. Schlueter. Llppman Sachs.
John Tonnlngsen and Mrs. Tonnlnssen, F.
M. Tlllson and Mrs. Tlllson, Qeofife W. Tur
ner and Mrs. Turner. F. 1* Turpln and Mrs.
Turpln, Horace F. Thome and Mrs. Thorne,
F. W. Titus and lady.
Frank C. Van Schaick and Mrs. Van Schaick.
George Varcoe and Mrs. Varcoe. --. ¦__/". ¦'-
Mrs. Wagner, Miss Wa«ner. Frank Wtttlck
and Mrs. Wlttlck. X. L. Walter and Mrs. Wal
ter, H. J. Walter and Mrs. Walter. 11. D.
Walter, Charles Warren and Mrs. Warren. O.
F Westphal and Mrs. Westphal. Dr. Wessen
berr and Mrs. Wessenberc. George Webb, W.
F Wilson and Mrs. Wilson, I>. Wadhams and
M*r». Wadhama. R. F. Wilson and Mrs. Wil
son. C. A. Warner and Mrs. Wajmer. W. C.
Welch and Mrs. Welch. Mrs. Isabel Wing.
Miss May Wilson.
Mrs. F. E. "Wall; vocal solos. Invocation
and madrigal and humorous selections.
William J. Hynes. This was followed by
a social dance. A. G. Hebgen was tha
floor manager, and he was assisted by G.
M. Van Buren, W. F. Long. J. S. Brown,
H. Grundell. C. E. Stokes and H. B. Ban
croft, the floor committee, and W. M.
Young, Thomas Bank. M. A. Williamson,
W. T. Disternier. T. G. Hodgklns, G. E.
Carlson and G. 11. Harrington, the recep
tion committee.
Mall Orders Pilled Promptly.
818.820 MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
Golden Gate Lodge
The first of a series of "ladies' night?"
to be given quarterly by Golden Gate
Lodge, B. O. E., was held last evening: In
the social hall of the Alcazar building.
There were many present, and under the
direction of H. H. Davis as master of cer
emonies there was -an entertaining pro
gramme of the vaudeville order, contrib
uted by Professor J. Warren Keane, the
Union Quartet. Dr. R. A. Blondln, "Baby"
Dody, Henry Purdy and Master Norman
Phillips, The evening closed with danc
ing.
Knights of Pythias.
During the past week Herman Schaffner,
G. K. of R. and S., visited Union Lodge
in Sonora, Angels Lodge at Angels Camp,
Eagle Lodge at Chinese Camp, Yosemite
Lodge at Merced and Oakdale Lodge at
Oakdale. The meeting at Sonora was an
open one. There were addresses and a
banquet to the visiting official.
Grand Chancellor Arndt will* shortly
visit the lodges In Sacramento County
and those in the San Joaauin Valley.
Golden Gate Company of the Uniform
Rank will install Its officers 'on the night
of the 14th inst.
There is already a great deal of activ
ity in the matter of having the Supreme
Lodge session in this State In 1902. ,r.
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al Iron American
Steamship.
ZEALAWDIA
(CAPACITY 8000 TONS)
FOR IK DIRECT,
Sailing from San Francisco
Monday, May 21, 1900.
FIRST CLASS fIIO.OO
EECOND CLASS 75.00
STEERAGE GO.OO
Fpedal rate, for freight and Insurant*.
Through passenger and freltht servlc* t»
Dawccn and all points on Tukon River.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST STREET.
The choice French pattern hats pur
chased by Mme. Martin for the spring
season are now on exhibition in the par
lors of the millinery department of the
City of Paris Dry Goods Company. •
Labor Council Affairs.
The Labor Council at its meeting on
Friday gave Its Indorsement to a resolu
tion introduced in the lower house of
Congress by Richard Barthold of Mls
courl, in which he seeks to prevent the
employment of sailors and soldiers In the
Government service from competing with
civilians in arts, trades or professions.
A communication from Frank Roney of
the navy yard at Mare Island requesting
financial assistance from the council in
the prosecution of the Atlantic, Gulf and
Pacific Company for its violation of the
eight-hour labor law was referred to the
executive committee with full power to
act.
Secretary Rosenberg made the an
nouncement that on the Cth lnst. the Sail
ors' Union would celebrate Its fifteenth
anniversary with a torchlight procession,
music and a hip-hurrah. Ex-Congressmen
J. G. Maguire and C. A. Sumner will make
short speeches on the occasion.
Delegates C. H. Stocks from the Car
penters' and D. C. Ruffs and Jacob Fogel
from the Theatrical Union were seated aa
members.
Assessor Instructs Taxpayers.
Assessor Dodge has issued a circular
in which h.e informs taxpayers that when
the valuations of their personal property
are placed too low they will be subjected
to examination under oath with a possi
ble rerating. The law states that per
sonal property must be returned at Its
full cash value. All persons must file a
sworn statement and If one has no prop
erty to assess he must make oath to that
effect ; otherwise he is liable to be arbi
trarily assessed. All taxpayers are re
quested to make their statements prompt
ly on March 5 and return them to the As
sessor as soon thereafter as possible. v;¦
Ruined by Drink.
M. V. Morrison, alias Mumm, was sent
to the County Jail for eight months by
Judge Fritz yesterday. He stole a hand
cart, and when Policeman Royston ar
rested him he assaulted the officer. He
got six months for petty larceny and two
months for battery. At one time he was
bookkeeper for the San Francisco ! Gas
Light Company, but drink has ruined him
mentally and physically.
Sheehan Called Upon to Explain.
Auditor Wells yesterday sent a 'com
munication to former Tax Collector Shee
han requesting him to explain several er
rors which have been discovered in his
records. These errors consist in not hav
ing marked the taxes as paid on the dupli
cate assessment roll, when in fact tax
payers have in their possession the tax
receipts signed by one of Sheehan's depu
ties. Tax Collector Scott has discovered
a number of these discrepancies and un
less Sheehan can explain them satisfac
torily he may be called upon to deposit
a sum equal to the amount in dispute in
the city treasury.
ASKS FOR REPRESENTATION.
Petition to McKinley to Becogniza
the Pacific Coast.
The Chamber of Commerce has ad
dressed a letter to President McKinley,
urßing that more recognition be given to
the Pacific Coast in the appointments of
national commissions-, committees and
boards, especially those connected direct
ly and indirectly with the commerce and
trade of this section of the Union and the
new territories. For years the West has
been almost entirely Ignored.
Way, Way
Down t.r
NEW JEWELRY FADS.
Pulley Belt Rings 23c and 3Oc
Chain Girdles OOc, 75c and fI.OO
Purse Tops 35c and OOc
Opera and Shopping Bag T0p5............
OOc, 73c and f 1.00
The above come with or without Jewels,
In every variety of finish— silver, French
gray, gold plate, oxydlzed and gun metal.
The latest Importations.
STATIONERY.
Tablets, celluloid cover, plate finish, note
or letter size, formerly 20c and 30c, this
week 10c and 130
1-pound package Good Writing Paper,
linen or plate finish, cut from 250 to 15c
Our New Pareterles at 250 per box can-
not be comsared with any thing In th«
city. Latest shades and sizes.
Granite, Gold and Illuminated Initial
Paper this week at 000 per box
Fountain Pena, 14-K gold guaranteed..
LADIES— Don't miss this chance to buy HAVILAND CHINA at
Semi- Porcelain prices. If you need Chinaware in Plates, Cups and
Saucers, Piatters or Covered Dishes avail yourselves of this special
sale. Our Haviland China positively reduced 50 per cent
Hare you seen our New Go-Carts? $1.95 to $25.00
FOR THE HOUSEWIFE.
"Grand Rapids" Carpet Sweepers, ball-
bearing, dust-proof caps. Blssel's best,
special 92JHO
Stove Pipe Enamel, warranted not to
peel, per can 2Oc
Star Snow White Bath Enamel. 1 pt..»K>o
Wood Enamel, all colors, per can 2t>o
Bird Cages— A complete line of celebrated
Hendryx Cages; brass and japanned:
6Oc to f3.SU
A 4-foot Ironing Board, hard wood; spe-
cial 4Oc
Union Oil Stove, 1 burner, i-lncn wick;
special ttOe
FOR THE CHILDREN.
Largw Easel Blackboards: revolnng
Drawing Chart*: were $1: now Ette
Best Brownie Lunch Boxes, not the flimsy,
cheap kind lOe
Satchel Baskets; regular 23c. 43c and 53c;
now 100. 2Oc and 31>o
Odd lot of Baby Rattles; regular 15c, Me
and 23c: now 10c
Toy Soldier Suits at half prices.
Cloth-bound Rooks, slightly soiled: good
titles; closing- out at lUe
23c Paper Novels, popular authors, each. sc
Juvenile Picnic at Fairfax.
A picnic under the auspices of the Juve
nile members of Our Lady's Bower was
held on February 22, at Fairfax Grove,
Marin County. The day was passed in
singing, dancing and various other amuse
ments. The following young ladies, cha
peroned by Mrs. M. E. Kilcommon of San
Francisco and Miss K. Lynch of Los An
geles, were in attendance: Misses M. Gal
latin, C. Gulnde. E. Gaffney, M. Kilcom
mon, M. Rosa. A. McCarry, A. Brlcca, G.
McDevltt. T. Brltton, J. Clupparl, E. Fa
villa. R. Wilson. M. McGlade. A. Waters,
F. Deasy, J. Crowley, B. McDevitt, D.
Oliva. A. Friscarini, J. Taylor, L. Votto,
R. Ghesseli. V. Motronl. M. McFadden.
M. Flynn, R. Weess and Master and Miss
Cronon.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
WIFE MURDERER IS
GIVEN TEN YEARS
Charles H. Bichardson Sentenced by
Superior Judge I*awlor to a
Term in the Penitentiary.
Charles H. Richardson, who shot and
killed his wife, Ella Richardson, on Oc
tober 10 last, and who was subsequently
convicted of manslaughter, was sentenced
to a term of ten years in San Quentln by
Judge Lawlor yesterday. The extreme
penalty for the crime which Richard
son was found guilty of having commit
ted is ten years in prison and Judge Law
lor expressed a regret that the law did not
permit him to impose a greater penalty.
John Bailey, convicted of burglary for
having entered the building of G. L. Payne
at 844 McAllister street, was sent to San
Quentin for one year by Judge Cook.
A. Gulstl, convicted of offering salmon
for sale out of season, was sentenced to
pay a fine of $200 or spend one day in Jail
for each $2 of the fine unpaid.
master; Henry Ascroft, senior warden;
James A. Wilson, junior warden; James
L. Hawks, master of ceremonies; Robert
E. Allen, orator: William E. Moses, al
moner; George J. Hobe, secretary; Lipp
man Sachs, treasurer; Alva D. Renfro,
senior expert: Edwin N. Rogers, Junior
expert; William R. Brooks, captain of the
guard, and John d'Arcy, tyler.
The ceremony was on the stage on
which there was an elegant rose-colored
tent, in which the installing officer stood
while delivering the charges. There were
also rose-colored decorations interwoven
with ferns. The oath of office was
administered by the installing officer with
a great deal of impressiveness, after
which the several charges were delivered
In eloquent language. During the
ceremony, the choir, composed of
T. K. Wittick. J. R. Jones. 'J. R. Ogilvie
and L. A. Larsen, rendered vocal selec
tions appropriate to the occasion and In
cidental thereto. *
At the close of the beautiful and most
impressive ceremony, which was watched
with close attention by all, those present
were made the guests of the lodge at a
banquet.
The following was the programme dur
ing the Bupper in the beautifully decor
ated hall:
Solo. "Xlta Gltana,",J. F. Fleming; toast.
"March of the Flag," Charles H. Murphy: solo,
"Star-srancled Banner," L. A. Larsen; song,
Harry Cogtll; toast. "Our Fraternity," George
Varcoe; song, "In Silent Mead," Knickerbocker
Quartet: address, J. C. Campbell; tenor bolo,
H. Williams; toast, "Any Old Thlnsr." James
A. Wilson: song, "A Basket of Chestnuts,"
Knickerbocker Quartet.
There was dancing for a time,
R. Herring, Roy T. Kimball and
H. T. Emery being the floor committee
and F. C. Van Schaick, Henry Ascroft
and James A. Wilson, the committee of
arrangements, assisted by the reception
committee, composed of Henry Burner,
Daniel J. Edgar, Charles Bliss, William
J. Smith, B. D. Pike, Charles A. Wagner,
M. E. Gilbert, Henry A. Cline, Alva D.
Renfro. James G. Spaulding, Frank O.
Allen, Edwin N. Rogers", M. E. Rldllngton
and R. H. Morrow.
There were present at this function the
following named:
Henry Ascroft. Mrs. Ascroft, Mr. and Mrs.
Ayers, R. E. Allen and Mrs. Allen, Frank O.
Allen and Mrs. Allen.
Dr. R. E. Bunker and Mrs, Bunker, Walter
Burner, Henry Burner and Mrs. Burner, J.
Beng3ton, S. T. Burnhardt and Mrs. Burn
hardt. Charles Bliss and Mrs. Bliss, Simon
Bauer and Mrs. Bauer, Willis M. Brown and
Mrs. Brown, H. J. Bass, Mrs. Bass. Colin M.
Boyd . and Mrs. Boyd, George E. Bacon,
W. R. Brooks and Mrs. Brooks. Adam Beck
and lady, Theodore Baclgalupl and .lady, J. B.
Bocarde and lady. J. D. Bosch and lady, Mrs.
Frances L. Bonnlfield.
Mrs. H. A. Coleman, Miss E. Coleman,
George Cable, Andrew Christiansen and Mrs.
Christiansen, C. W. Conllsk. G. B. Crooks and
Mrs. Crooks, H. A. Cllne and Mrs. Cline, T.
P. Clarke, W. H. Crocker. F. Cava^naro and
Mrs. Cavagnaro, O. W. Carlson, William W.
Collins and Mrs. Collins, J. C. Campbell and
Mrs. Campbell, Bumslda Cromwell and Mrs.
Cromwell.
J. d'Arcy, R. K. Dpnn and Mrs. Dunn. R. F.
Dlxon and Mrs. Dlxon, J. A. Devoto and lady.
E. J. Egtrers and Mrs. Eggers. H. T. Emery
and Mrs. Emery, J. Eppinger, Daniel J. Ed
gar.
J. P. Fraser, Charles Lord Field and Mrs.
Fleld. Mrs. Forbes, Frank Frates and lady,
Edmund Friend and lady.
Mrs. Gllmore, H. O. Greenhood and Mrs.
Greenhood, H. Grauerholz and Mrs. Grauer
holz, G. E. Gordon and Mrs. Gordon, James
M. Gaasaway, M. K. Gilbert.
R. Herring and Mrs. Herring, Miss Herring,
George J. Hobe .and Mrs. Hob*. Miss Rose
Huntsman, W. C. Heyer, M. Hoefllsch. J. L.
Hawks, E. A. Herman, E. J. Hoffan and Mrs.
Hogan, M. C. Hacke and Mrs. Hacke, W. E.
Hess and Mrs. Hess, Mrs. Hacker, H. Hollls
and Mrs. • Hollls.
Charles A. Jelllntck, Miss Minnie Jelllnlck,
W. R. Jost and Mrs. Jost, M. E: John and
Mrs. John. T. E. Johnstone, Joseph Jones and
Mrs. Jones, J. D. Jacoby and Mrs. Jacoby, J.
V. Jessup and Mrs.Jessup.
TV Kent, Miss Kent," C. Kaufman - and
Mrs". Kaufman. Roy T. Klmball, Julius Klein
and Mrs. Klein, 8. Krause and Mrs. Krause.
Frank B. Ladd, J. G. Llebold and Mm. Lie
bold. Dr. Daniel D. L*istlg. G. H. Logan. W.
E. Lucas and lady. E. Lewis and lady. L. A.
Larson, mother and Mrs. Laraen, Edward
Lande, Henry Lunstedt, W. Lewis and Mrs.
Lewis, L. "W. Levy, E. M. Long and Mrs.
Charles H. . Murphy, Miss Martlnoi, Miss
Marks F. Meyerson, F. W. Marston and Mrs.
Marston, R. Munsch, F. McGowan. S. Mar
cus and Mrs. Marcus, R, H. Morrow and Mrs.
Morrow, J. J. Moorehoase, O. M., McKay and
Mrs. McKay. R- J. Maginntss and Mrs. Ma-
Klnniss, L. A. Murch and Mrs. : Murch, A. R.
Morrow and lady, F. "W. G. Moebus and lady,
Adam Miller and lady, R. B. Moore and lady,
H ' S. Manning and lady, W.*D. Mackay and
lady. William McKay and lady. Wllltam S.
Moses and Mrs. Moses, J. F. and Mrs. Mar-
Thomas A. Nerney and Mrs. Nerney, Mrs.
Harriet T. Noah. R» Noble and Mrs. Noble,
James A. Wilson and Mrs. 'Wilson, L. New
man C. H. Neuhaus and lady.
P. J. Oliver Jr. and Mrs. Oliver, J. R. O*il
vle, L. ". Osborn and lady, S. K. Overgood and
'"b^D. Pike and Mrs. Pike, O. H. Perkins
and Mrs. Perkins, G. M. Perrtne and Mrs.
Perrine, L. H. Pratt and Mrs. Pratt, 11.
Peterson, E. CPalmlerl and lady, J. P.
Peterson and lady. _ n .,,, '"'
Thomas Rldllngton and Mrs. Rldllngton,
Miss C. Rldllngton. H. B. Ream, Theodore
Relchert and Mrs. Relchert. L. Roesch. R. E.
Ilaclan and Mrs. Raglan. A. D. Renfro and
Mrs Renfro, E. D. Rener and Mrs. Rener,
Mrs" A M. Rohrlg, Men-it Robinson, G. W.
Rln»r and Mrs. Rlner, ¦ Edwin R. Rogers.
M J Savage. M. Seminoff and Mrs. Semln
off 'Miss Seminoff, Miss Schmidt, MiM Smith,
j iR. Straud and Mrs. Straud. W. J. Smith
and Mrs. Smith. E. C. Stock and Mrs. Stock,
D Stark and Mrs. Stark. L. Smith , and Mrs.
Smith L. V. Stone and Mrs. Stone, E. K.
Stevenot and • Mrs. Stevenot. : J. . G. Spauldlngr
and Mrs. Spauldlng. Mrs. George Spauldlng.
J. P. Smiley and lady, A. O. Schetsel, -/ <v
MARDI GRAS BALL A
FINANCIAL SUCCESS
Artists Are Looking Forward to the
Spring Exhibition of the Art
Association.
The Mardl Graa ball given at Mark
Hopkins Institute last Tuesday evening
under the auspices of the San Francisco
Art Association was not only, a triumph
as a society function, but was a success
in a financial sens©. The association
comes out with a profit of nearly $1500.
Next Monday the decorations will be re
moved to make epace for the spring ex
hibition.
The San Francisco Art Association was
never In a more prosperous condition. The
school of. design Is doing excellent work
and attracting students from every sec
tion of the Pacific Coast. The adminis
tration of Joseph D. Grant, president, has
been highly successful, and his successor,
who will be chosen within a few weeks,
will find it no easy task to surpass the
achievements of the outgoing regime.
The spring exhibition Mill open In the
hew gallery on Thursday, March 22, and
last one month. The exhibition will be
representative of the work of living Cali
fornia artists, and those who have been
identified with art in California. The
previous exhibition of a picture or other
work of art will not exclude It. Each
exhibitor may submit ten pictures. The
works of each painter will be grouped
by the hanging committee, and no one
exhibitor will be allowed more than
seventeen feet of space on the line In any
one section of the exhibition.
Exhibits will be received at Mark Hop
kins Institute until 6 p. m., Thursday.
March 8. Every work for exhibition must
be submitted to a duly elected jury for a
decision as to Its acceptance or rejection.
The hanging and placing of all accepted
works will be under the exclusive con
trol of this Jury and no changes will be
made in the arrangement nor can any
one work be withdrawn before the final
closing of the exhibition.
The reception for members of the asso
ciation will take place on the evening of
March 22. The public exhibition will be
gin Friday, March 23. :
MUSEUM OF COMMERCE
WILL NOW SEEK COIN
Plan ~H>« Been Devised for the Se
lection of a Finance Com
mittee,
The committee of promoters of the Com
mercial Museum on Friday submitted
names to the secretary from which to
draw by lot sixty members of the finance
committee. The list follows: Edwin Good
all, James L. Flood, M. H. Hecht, John
Rosenfeld, J. F. Merrill, T. P. McLean,
Timothy Hopkins. William Greer Harri
son. Vanderlynn Stow, P. W. Lllienthal,
William Haas, A. G. Freeman, A. W. Por
ter, G. H. Umbsen, John Bermlngham, W.
F. Whlttier, C. E. Worden, E. R. Lllien
thal, Julian Sonntagr, John C. Kirkpatrick,
E. S. Rothschild, Frank S. Johnson, A. C.
Rulofson, F. W. Van Sicklen, Robert
Watt, Hugo Keil, Henry J. Crocker, A.
Chesebrough, Peter Dean, A. -W. Foster,
A. Gerberdlng. P. McG. Mcßean, G. R.
Rathbone. A. J. Ralston, W. H. Talbot,
Rolla V. Watt, E. B. Pond. A. S. Hallidle,
F. M. Smith, Sidney M. Smith, William
Rutherford, A. J. Marcus. R. F. Lacy,
John F. Boyd, I. W. Hellman, Albert Cas
tle, C. de Guigne, Alvinza Hayward, Rob
ert Bruce, Daniel Meyer, J. K. Wilson, J.
L. Howard. H. T. Scott. W. J. Dingee,
W. A. Bissell, H. H. Taylor. H. D. Love
land, H. F. Fortmann, H. Liebes, M. M.
Stern, E. B. Grace. A. D. Shepard, W. L.
Sherwood, C. H. Hupg, Theodore Baclga
lupi, W. R. Davis, T. J. Parsons, R. F.
Moore, W. J. Dutton. L. R. Mead, W. F.
Bowers.
On motion of Mr. Upham It was voted
that when sixty members have been se
lected by lot a Joint meeting of the promo
tion and finance committees will be held.
The officers of Terba Buena Lodge of
Perfection No. 1. Fourteenth Degree, of
the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite
of Masonry were publicly Installed last
night In Oolden Gate Hall In the presence
of more than three hundred spectators,
many for the first time seeing the prin
cipal officers of the lodge wearing; their
robes of office and Jeweled crowns, which
added to the dramatic' effect of the Induc
tion Into office of the officials. Past Ven
erable Master Frank O. Allen was master
of ceremonies and after announcing that
the officers were In waiting to be Installed
was directed by Frank B. Ladd, the ven
erable retiring master and Installing of
ficer, to present them before the altar.
This 'was done with much effective cere
mony. The officers for the current year
are: Frank C. Van Schalck, venerable
CREDITABLE
APPRECIATION
The Prompt Response of
the Masses to Patto-
sien's Bargains.
BRUSSELS CARPETS 50 CENTS
Perhaps the best feature, like the
best foot, of any business enterprise
cught to be put foremost. Thus it is
that Pattosien'a have put forth the
enlargement, the improvement in
methods, in detailment of the im-
mense Furniture Exposition build-
ing, corner Sixteenth and Mission
streets. With this new year, this new
era in the true progress of the city,
Pattosien's ambition is not only to
keep up with the times, but to keep
a long way ahead of them.
Yes, ¦with the improved machinery
in the manufacture of Parlor Furni-
ture, Couches, Mattresses, etc, which
•wras put in last year (so as to de-
velop, bit by bit, the possibility of
this expansion), this improvement re-
veals itself to the eyes and to the in-
terest of the Furniture-buying
masses.
Ahl but there is another feature.
The rise in lumber, the rise in oak,
mahogany, cherry and all the articles
that go into the making of Furniture
has been enormous, and, foreseeing
it, Pattosien's have filled up their
tig building, their warehouses to the
fullest capacity. Yes, acres of it — so
that the rise in cost of Furniture will
not affect any buyer at Pattosien'o
big store for at least another six
months, and places them at least 25
per cent below the lowest price Furni-
ture house in California.
These are a few features of this new
era which reflect great credit on the
management of this enormous estab-
lishment- For who gets the benefit?
You who get the bargains get the
benefit, you who get the Chamber
Suit and Parlor Suit, you who get the
Dining-room and Library Set, you
who get the Tables and Chairs, the
Carpets and Curtains, and the Bed-
ding and Blankets, you get the bene-
fit.
Pattosien's big Furniture Exposi-
tion Building, corner Sixteenth and
Kission streets, is open every day
from 8 until 6 o'clock. Saturday until
10 o'clock.
HIGH MASONS IN
ROSE-HUED TENT
REPEAT AN OATH
New Officers Installed With
Ceremonial in View of
Hundreds.
Frank O. Van Schaick Is Now Vener
able Master— An Elaborate Ban
quet and a Dance Follow
Induction.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
Blowing Out of a Boiler Tube on the Hancock's Launch.
FRANK C. VAN JICH ICK, Venerable
; _ ? Master.
CAPE NOME.
For Passets-er and FW-lcht Rates see
C. F. MOORIi. 93 5 .Market St.. Room 6.
DtttALL'S UElflYlQQßAlOEllxlgsj
nve hundred reward fcr anr flgaffcfifj
c*se we cannot cure. Tbli »ecret f""*
remedy etops s.ll losses In 24 i__- 'm/4m
Jiuuri cui-m Emission*, Impo- Jj£j| E£sj
tenrr. Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea. (i]fi jYjITI
GU«*. Fit*. Stricture, Lost jM* §Of\
Manhood and all waetlnr effects C™*— »" r --l
ot self-abus* or excesses. Cent t A tfl
. diseases quickly cured. B«nd for free Pook.
PRACTICE CONFINED TO
Disorders of Men Only.
—^»^ Varicocele is an enlargement of the
j£ S N^ ¦ most vital blood vessels in man. It
/ffi \. Is commonly known as varicose veins
mjlft/f, \ of the scrotum, or bag. In the
Wmj \ normal condition, their function Is
jMnh \ to carry off waste material from the
ty'Sp /"^ga? <Ez-T\ testicles, thus enabling these organs
(f\* ¦ * fS^*r to receive fresh nutrition. Owing to
' OL % I the breaking down of the valves,
K^\ r \'' caused by the paralysis. of the mus-
V^Js. >W?fVv. $ cular coat of the veins, they become
vUv*-!* (Sfis^w^t dilated, and local stagnation of the
K^Sb^^vF^yS**} blood follows. The vital nerves of
the testlcles being, deprived of their
i *^^ii>^i^*Sr proper quality and quantity of nour-
fV^^§SS£«*7\A\ ishment, sexual weakness is the re-
S,Vs. /y\ suit. Statistics prove that 25 per cent
V^ of the male population are afflicted
I \ Yx*^* with varicocele in some stage of the
; i**^s£>rsf\\ *C^r disease. We guarantee to cure vari-
\ \v I I cocele in one week at our office, or
\ writ // /} three weeks of home treatment, wlth-
\ li b\ 1 1 // out the uso oi a knlfo> caustic or llg-
\li VI // ature. We have cured over 2000 cases
\ J / J // without a single failure or unpleas-
j // ant result. We invite correspondence
.. j / and the fullest, investigation of our
, \» I / ¦ methods, and can refer to cured pa-
. srmiCTLY reliable. tlents if desired.
997 MARKET ST.', ENT K PER Cor. Sixth St-
19t • : ; Ts;-- ?
+ Badly decayed and aching npT^T^^nfT X
twe carefully treat and : : : IM H I f"J X
+ FILL WITHOUT PAIN. 1 LjLJ I I 1 X
I DR. HIGGINS |
•¥ (EMMfi SPRECKELS BUILDING). "
| 927 MARKET STREET. ft
\ T\)z best and n>ost artistic ' ~cold>i"lu"no^..si.oo up <-f
i deotal work at reasonable \ ''^^S^oS^^ft
<?;• prices. < brjdgework..v.s3.so up> ; T
? • '• » •'• •• • • • •••• • • ? I
"" Open Evtnlngs end SuQday*. ' * X
. 7»f»*H*f4-4 : .-T> f-f'f:* ''?¦?¦.:* ¦>¦?? ??? ?H4 + hr-+++++++4* t?t U ? X
IUSi Weak
Men.
There Is Dotting like ELECTRICITY to put
lire, vim and visor Into weak men or women.
Drugs Rive but temporary relief; act merely as
¦l eumulant. but Electricity flies to all weak
parts cf the body, impartlr.c nature's force
: thereto and do'.nj; the required work surely and
In a permanent manner. If "run down" in
.health and strength you had better try Elec-
ftrity. Use an Electric Belt, for that Is the
best method of applying It; but b« sure you ret
fcj-ood one while you are about it: In short, try
"5a r^.Tce's." for It Is BTiaranteed to be the
bert Klertrip Belt on earth.
C7"'Booklet No. 2" free at office or W nt br
tnaii for a2c stamp, tells all about It. Addreaa
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market street. SAN FRANCISCO.
&« Tribune Buildicr. NEW YORK.
•OfTTIIRRN PACIFIC COMPANY.
(rACirio nvirar.)
Trains leave itwl are Uue !• arrive at
MAN IitiNCIHCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
MEMORIAL arch of Nil© gray sandstone Is now in
/I \\ course of erection at the- entrance of the- Masonic
ll Home, Decoto, Alameda County. When completed
It will be one of the finest gateway entrances In
the State. The gateway will have a spread with the cen
tral arch and wings of 100 feet. The highest point of
the central arch will be 24 feet. Two wings on either
side of the central arch, which has an opening of 40 feet,
will be devoted to entrances for pedestrians and together
with the carriage driveway In the center make up the
extreme width.
The stone has been donated by the Spring Valley Water
OBJECT TO
WEINSTOCK'S
LECTURES
Division Threatened in the
Congregation of B'nai
Israel.
HIS VIEWS TOO LIBERAL
The More Orthodox of the Members
of the Congregation Incorporate
and Will Probably Open a
New Synagogue.
•
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Company. It Is already cut and In shapa to bo hauled
to the Masonic Home. E. B. Stone has guaranteed to
do th« hauling from the Spring Valley "Works without
charge. William Cox, the architect, has volunteered his
services and his plans, illustrated above, have been ac
cepted. According to the contract, the gateway Is to b»
finished by June 1.
In consequence of the gratuitous offers of the Spring
Valley Water Company and William Cox the expense of
the arch will be slight. Ordinarily it would cost at least
$7000, but the actual outlay will hardly reach $1000. Outside
of the regular fund $SOO has been donated by Masons to
build the gateway.
ASVEBTISBMBNTS.
PTmlfl K~bT* Completely eradicated with-
RJuN H~ out cuitlc * or tylnr. No
1 IB— B i J» cure » no B*y> P°r lnforma-
" ¦¦— ••— -^^ llon address S. F. RECTAL
I ¦¦¦¦! INSTITUTE. 1170 Market.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, 1899. _ ¦
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— *7:00, •9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:41.
•1:40, 6:15. 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays aad Saturdays,
at >:00 and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDATB— •«:OO. »10:00, 11:30 a. m.; K:IS.
1:15. *4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marktd (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *:2s.*t:»s, 7:48. *9:40 a. m.;
12:30, 2:16, *»:40, »6:15 p. m. -,-,¦¦
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays ana
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— fI:2O, - •8:00. 10:00, 11:tt ft. m. j
1:40. 4:40. »«:b0 p. m. ,
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN CI3CO.
WEEK DA YS-C:45. 6:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. m.;
U:SS. 2:35. 8:45. 6:20 p. m. ...
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*, Wednesday* and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 D. m.
:OS. 10:95 ft. m. j 11: N. 1:11, MM,
»:00. 6:46 p. m. • «^-7
THROUOH TRAINB.
fIOO •> m. WMk dftys— Caimdero andwrnyatatfooa.
1:40 p. m. Saturday!— Tomftles and way station*.
tiOO •» m, nndayt-TomalM and waj ¦tattoo*
DQN*T FORGET THE
.¦¦ ' ¦- . .
BIG AUCTION SALE
One hundred he&d of Horses and Mules, ranr-
.lng from 1000 to 1700 pounds, all y-ell broke and
.gentle, at 1625 Market et., near Twelfth.
THURSDAY. 11 o'clock, rain or ehtna.
• . THOS. MADDIGAN.
Death of C. B. Church.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. March 3.— C. B. Church,
who has been a prominent citizen of
Tolo County for thirty years, died of
locomotor ataxla Friday night. He was a
native of New. York and about 72 years
old.
A Sight Worth Seeing.
In the window, of 717 Market street are
exhibited shoes for ladles and men, both
to be sold for only $1 50 a pair. Mr. H.
Lesser, the proprietor, claims they are
worth no less than $3 50 each pair of them.
The ladies' are lace or button vesting top—
the very latest style and of best material.
The men's are vlci kid, also box calf and
tan vesting top, congress or lace, all sizes
in both shoes, and only $1 50 a pair. Sale
to begin to-morrow at the sale of shoes,
717 Market street, near Third. •
H. WEINSTOCK, the Well-
Known Sacramento Mer
chant.
SACRAMENTO, March B.— For some
months past H. Welnstock, a merchant of
Sacramento, has been occupying the pul
pit of the synagogue of the Congregation
B'nal Israel, one of the oldest temples of
worship in this city. During this period
Mr. Weinstock has delivered a series of
sermons, or, more properly, lectures,
which many of the congregation have not
locked upon aa consistent with the true
Jewish faith. It has been known for some
time that an element was growing in the
congregation which stood for a more strict
interpretation of Judaism than that
preached by the merchant In such ser
mons as "Jesus the Jew" and "Shall Jew
and Christian Intermarry?" Until now,
however, this element contented itself
with argumentative but none the less
pointed protest In the religious press oi
the Jewish denomination.
A step has at last ocen taken which
threatens to separate the followers of the
Jewish faith Into factions. Articles of in
corporation have been filed by the
Chevrah Tohras Moishe, the purpose of
which is set forth to be the holding of
prayer meetings In this city which are to
conform to the traditions and customs of
Israel and the* laws of Moses as Inter
preted in the Talmud.
In a statement In The Bee to-night M. S.
Wahrhaftig, attorney for the new organi
zation, asserts that the dissension is
mainly due to the extreme radical lectures
recently delivered by H. Weinstock in the
Eynagogue. Says Mr. Wahrhaftig: .
"The utterances of Mr. Weinstock have
for some time created a feeling of uneasi
ness among the Jews. With every suc
ceeding sermon he became bolder and
bolder. Last week's, for instance, was a
long-drawn interrogation point. The sub
ject was, 'Shall Jew and Christian Inter
marry?' The only conclusion the Jew
could gather from the sermon is that if
his or her Judaism might interfere with
conjugal happiness the remedy was at
hand— turn Christian. The same of course
applies to the Christian, whose remedy
under a similar embarrassment Is to turn
Jew."
It Is declared also that many of the
Jewish people of Sacramento desire their
children taught In Hebrew, and again that
while many are not orthodox they do not
credit Mr. Weinstoek's doctrines as even
acceptable from the standpoint of re
formed Judaism. It is only fair to remark
In this connection, however, that Mr.Wein
stoek's views seem to have met with the
favor of many Jewish residents, particu
larly among the younger generation/and
there is no doubt that should the new
organization open a temple a considerable
number will be - found ranged on both
side*. - ¦ - .;..
TWELFTH CONVENTION
OF REPUBLICAN LEAGUE
Executive Committee Issues a Call
for a Gathering in St. Paul
on July 17.
CHICAGO, March 3.— The following of
ficial call for the meeting of the, National
Republican League was Issued to-day:
In accordance with a resolution of the exec
utive committee the twelfth convention of the
National Republican League is hereby called to
meet In the city of St. Paul, on Tuesday, July
17, 1900. Each delegate shall be entitled to one
vote. Alternate delegates will be entitled to
seats In the convention ball with their respect
ive delegations.
The presidents and secretaries of State and
Territorial leagues are the proper officials to
sign and certify to the credentials of the dele
gates from their respective leagues. All dele
gates should be provided with such credentials.
The business before the convention will be:
Reports of officers; reports of permanent and
special committees; consideration of amend
ments to the constitution; consideration and
adoption of a financial policy for the mainte
nance of the national organization: election of
of fleers; naming of time and place for the next
national convention, or reference of same to
committee, and the consideration of any mat
ters which may relate to national or State
league organizations for the good of tha Re
publican party.
GEORGE STONE, President.
D. H. STINEw Secretary.
OIL OF EDEN
POSITIVELY GUHES RHEUMATISM.
Dissolve* and removes through the pores of the
rkln' all impurities, cause of pain and disease.
SWEET SPIRITS OF EDEN
R*gu!at<»s the liver, kidneys, stomach and bow-
fls. cur»>B constipation, disordered digestion,
itrenpthons weak and deranged nerves and re-
stores lost vitality caun^d by old age. Elcknest,
or overtaxation. If your druggist does not ke*p
them at tl a bottle, or three for $2 50. send for
valuable information to John L. Kellet Oil of
Kden M^filcin* Company.
. ' . Main Office, 1014 Broadway, Oakland
Wholesale Dept.. 457 Ninth Bt., Oakland, Cal
AT AUCTION!
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY March 6,1000,
AT II O'CLOCK NOON, AT
Oar Salesroom, 638 Market Street
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
West tide; No. 505 Cole st., 55 feet 8. of Paso:
fine modern residence of 9 rooms, bath and
basement: lot 25x106:3.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
South side: No. 1527 Howard st, 212:8 B. of
Twelfth; 2 well-built flats of 5 and ( rooms and
bath; rents $44 per month; 25x100.
" FILLMORE-STREET INVESTMENT.
West side: No. 2209 Flllmore st.. 103 feet N.
of Sacramento; center of business section; t
flats of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x90:4.
PARTITION SALE— DOWNTOWN INVEST-
MENT. I*
South side; No. 624 Merchant st., bet. Kearny
and Montgomery; imorovements 2-story brick
building; adjoining new Hall of Justice.
PROBATE SALE.
South side: No. 2417 California at.. 106:1 feet
E of Btelner; large residence of 7 rooms and
bath; rents $30 per month; lot 34:4^x137:6.
PINE-STREET FLATS.
South side: Nos. 2039-2041 Pine St., U7:t feet
E of Buchanan; 2 elegant modern flats of 6 and
7 rooms and bath; rents $56 50 per month; lot
25x137:8.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
North side; No. 5254 Twenty-fifth St., 203:6 E.
of Howard; elegant modern nous* of 7 rooms
and bath; rents $20 per month.
PROBATE SALE.
North side: Nos 422-422% Fulton St.. 192:6 "W.
of Gough: large lot, 27:6x137:6; good Improve-
ments; 2 front flats and rear bouse; renu $3S
per month.
TEHAMA-STREET INVESTMENT.
Northwesterly side; Nos. 164-166 T«huna «t-,
105 feet N. E. from Third; 3-story building of 4
tenements; always rented; rents $30 per month;
lot 25x70.
MARINE .VIEW LOT.
South side Filbert st., 37:6 E. of Leavenworth;
size 75x87:6. *&&£•'££*%
manufacturing; site.
Southeast corner Fillmore and Francisco sta,;
large lot, 136:6x90; or will sell in subdivisions.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
Auctioneers. 638 Market et.
MH. ctl.wS LANG.;.
vented a method that cures without pain, dan-
ger, operation or an hour's loss of time from
the day* work. To avoid ail question* of
doubt he sends free to every sufferer a free
trial of his method and there can be no earthly
reason why any one, rich or poor, should not
avail themselves of this generous offer. As
an Instance of this remarkable method, the
cure of Charles I^ange, Morrison. 111., Is a
welcome piece of Intelligence.
Mr. Langs is a well preserved old gentleman.
72 years of age and for eighteen years bad a
bad double rupture which no treatment could
cope with. After a short uas of tha Rico
method the left rupture healed entirely and
the right was almost closed in a few weeks.
To-day he Is as sound as a dollar, wears no
truss' or other support and his cure I» only one
of hundreds of similar cases reported by those
who use the Rice method. Send for this free
trial. Don't be backward. It will suprise you
with Its wonderful power to heal. And If you
know of other ruptured people ask them to
write or write for them. Do not fail to write
at once: do so to-day.
HIGHWAYMAN
BAFFLES THE
BLOODHOUND
Covers His Tracks With
Pepper When Almost
Captured.
Officers Who Were- Pursuing Him
Obliged to Sleep Out All Night
j in a Pouring
Bain.
?
CALJSTOGA, March 3.— The stage rob
ber is still at large and his chances of
escape are pretty good. The dog tracked
him last night to within about four miles
of Oathill, and In fact was within about
400 yards of the bandit at one time. He
heard the dog barking viciously at his
heels and at once covered his tracks with
red pepper and the dog, after getting a
few whiffs of this refused to work any
further. The country is very rough and,
besides being very dark, rain commenced
to fall and kept up a steady downpour
until morning. With all this disadvantage
nothing could be. accomplished and not
even at daybreak could the dog take up
the scent. The officers slept out in the
rain all night in the thick woods, some of
them and the dog returning to town this
morning.
The Sheriff, District Attorney and Napa
Constables are still in the vicinity of Oat
hill and Paper Valley, and while still be
ing hopeful their chances of capturing
the robber are slim. The express box was
found last night about 100 yards from
the scene of the hold-up. The lock had
been blown oft with powder and all the
money, which is said to amount to $400,
was taken. A dollar and a bogus quarter
were picked up near the box. The box
contained quite a large sum in internal
revenue stamps, but these were not
touched.
It 13 now thought by the officers that
this is the same man who held up the
stage last September, as his actions are
very similar. He is thought to be an ex
pert at the business.
INDIAN KILLS
A WOMAN AND
THEN HIMSELF
Double Tragedy on the
Round Valley Reser
vation.
COVELO, March 3.— This community
was thrown into a state of excitement
this afternoon over a double tragedy at
the Indian headquarters in Round Valley
reservation. William Henry, an Intelli
gent half-breed Indian madly Infatuated
with a young Indian woman named Net
tie Smith, who was recently separated
from her husband, shot her. killing her
instantly, and after satisfying himself
she really was dead committed suicide
with the same weapon. Nettie was known
as Henry's mistress, but had threatened
to leave him.
The crime was committed in a build
ing known as the Brick House. Henry
and Nettie were the only occupants of
the house, who had temporarily taken
apartments there. The tragedy occurred
at 2 o'clock this afternoon. The reports
of the firearm attracted the attention of
Henry's father, who hurried to the house
and found both dead. Young Henry was
seen hunting in the woods early this
morning, and it Is believed that he re
turned about noon with an empty gamo
bag. wet and cold, as the room where the
tragedy occurred showed he had removed
his shoes and damp clothing. Some angry
words must have passed between them
to cause Henry to execute his oft-re
peated threat of shooting her should. she
desert him. Nettie must have thrown up
her hands to ward off the shot, as the
thumb of the left hand is missing. The
shot then struck the breast, passing
through the body and lodging in the wood
work.
Henry evidently hesitated long before
he became sufficiently nerved to make
way with himself, as her body was cold
and rigid when found, while his was
warm. From the position of Henry's
body, he must have placed the stock of
the gun against the fireplace casing, hold
ing .the muzzle in the direction of his
heart. He then stooped and pulled the
trigger, the bullet passing through the
body and embedding itself in the plaster
ing. The weapon used was a 41-caliber
Winchester. ,
Coroner Cummins, assisted by Comman
dant Llston, held an inquest this evening.
The jury found that Nettie was murdered
by William Henry, and Henry came to
his death by a gunshot wound, self-in
flicted. The testimony showed that Henry
had repeatedly threatened the life of the
murdered woman. Henry was only 19
years old and his victim was over 40. His
relatives at Lakeport, Upper Lake and
Sacramento have been telegraphed for.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
TO THE EAST -^
through First-class pullman sleepers now in service
Between. San Francisco and Chicago
Via Southern Pacific — Rio Grande Western
Denver and Rio Grande (Scenic Route) and
Greafßgck hland c ßgute
GRANDEST SCENIC TRIP IN THE WORLD
THE COLORADO ROCKIES CROSSED 'SY . VAYLIGHT.
Pullman's Finest Broad Vestibuled Sleepers
Leaving San Francisco Dally at 8:30 A. M. on
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC LIMITED
(Westbound cars carried on same train).
. . . . DINING CAR SERVICE THROUGH— BUFFET LIBRARY CARS
CLINTON JONES, Gen'l Agt, 624 Market St, Saj* Francisco, Cmv
JOHN SEBASTIAN, G. P. A., Chicago.
ADVERTTSE2IENTS.
VERY FEW PEOPLE
Are Frea From Some Form of Indi-
gestioa.
Very few people are free from some
form of indigestion, but scarcely two will
have the same symptoms.
Seme euffer most directly after eating,
bloating from gas in stomach and bowels,
others have heartburn or sour risings,
etin others have palpitation of heart,
headaches, sleeplessness, pains In chest
and under shoulder blades, some have ex-
treme nervousness as in nervous dyspep-
cia.
But whatever the symptoms may be,
the caus<» in all cases of indigestion Is the
¦ame; that Is, the stomach for some rea-
son fails to properly and promptly digest
what is eaten.
This is the whole story of stomach trou-
bles in a nutshelL The stomach must have
rest and assistance and Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets give It both by supplying
those natural digestives which every weak
etomach lacks, owing to the failure of the
peptic glands In the stomach to secreto
eiifficient acid and pepsin to thoroughly
digest and assimilate the food eaten.
One grain of the active principle In
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will digest
3000 grains of meat, eggs or other whole-
eome food, and this claim has been proven
by actual experiment which any one can
perform for himself in the following man-
ner: Cut a hard boiled egg into very
email pieces, as it would be If masticated,
place the ef;g and two or three of the
tablets in a bottle or Jar containing warm
water heated to 9S degrees (the tempera-
ttire of the body) and keep it at this tem-
perature for three and cne-half hours, at
the end of which time the egg will be as
completely digested as it would have been
In the healthy stomach of a hungry boy.
The poir.t of this experiment is that
what Stuart's DyEpepsia Tablets will do
to the egg in the bottle it will do to the
egg or neat in the stomach, and nothing
else will rest and invigorate the stomach
so -safely and effectually. Even a little
child can take Stuart's Tablets with safety
end benefit If its digestion Is weak and
the thousands of cures accomplished by
iheir regular dally use are easily ex-
plained when it is understood that they
ere composed of vegetable essences, asep-
tic pepsin, diastase and Golden Seal,
which mingle with the food and digest it
thoroughly, giving the overworked stom-
ach a chance to recuperate.
Dieting never cures dyspepsia, neither
do pills and cathartic medicines, which
simply irritate and inflame the Intestines.
When enough food Is eatea and prompt-
ly digested there will be no constipation,
nor in fact will there be disease of any
kind, because good digestion means good
health In every organ.
The merit and success of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets are world wide and they
are sold at the moderate price of 59 cts.
for full-sized package In every drugstore
In the United States and Canada, as well
as in Europe.
For the Information of those Interested
a little book will be mailed free by ad-
dressme F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall,
Mich., giving briefly the symptoms of the
various forms or stomach weakness,
causes and cure.
If you have failed to get relief at the hands of incompetent doctors, or
by experimenting with electric belts and patent medicines, or if you need
health and strength and have not yet taken treatment, consult DR. MEY-
ERS & CO. Advice absolutely free at office or by mail.
A BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE.
AS A GUARANTEE DR. MEYERS & CO. WILL LET THE PA-
tient deposit the price of a cure in any bank in San Francisco, to be paid
after he is entirely well. If it is not convenient to do this, payments may
be made monthly. It requires confidence backed by ability to make such aa
offer. No other doctors will undertake a cure on these conditions.
HOME CURES— FREE BOOK.
If you cannot call, write for private book, diagnosis sheet, free advice,
prices and other particulars. All letters confidential Cures sent tafely
by mail or express.
7Q'f Market Street
¦ -CJ-X SAN FRANCISCO.
ELEVATOR
ENTRANCE.
Hoars— 3 to 5 Datl7,
Sundays— 9 to 11.
Evenings— 7 to a.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Cure contracted ailments of men, including contagious bipod poison. Also
Varicocele, Hydrocele. Stricture and Rupture, and diseases of the Kidneys,
Heart. Bladder, Stomach, Liver, etc. .
DR. MEYERS & CO. have been established nineteen years. They
have the largest and best equipped medical institution and the most extensive
practice in America. They avoid the use of all mineral and dangerous reme-
dies and restore their patients as quickly as is consistent with permanent cures.
CLARKSVILLE
RANCHER SHOT
FROM AMBUSH
Bold Attempt "Made to
Murder Martin Van
Winklin.
Snooting Said to Bo the Result of an
Old Neighborhood Feud and
the Guilty Party Is
Known.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
PLACER VILLE, March 3.— Another
enootlcg affray occurred In this county
to-fiay. Word iraa received from Clarks
vllle, en tfce western border of the county,
late, tills afternoon that Martin Van Wink
lln. a well known stock raiser, had been
ehot_ ¦ .
Van "Wlnklln was shot from ambush
evidently with a Bhotgun. as the charge
nearly tore off his right arm.
Sheriff Bosquit is now In pursuit of the
suspected party and his capture. It is
thought, will be but a matter of a few
hours.
The attempted homicide is said to b« the
result of a neighborhood feud of long
Ftandinp between the assailant and bis in
tended victim.
HANDSOME GATEWAY FOR
THE NEW MASONIC HOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1 900
SENSATION IS
CAUSED BY A
SECRET CIRCULAR
German Officials Instructed
to Discriminate Against
America.
Told to Refuse to Give Consuls In
formation as to the Manufac
ture of Certain Articles of
Commerce.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyright, 1300, by the New York
Herald Company.
BERLIN, March 3.— Herr Kunert, So
cialist Deputy, on Thursday commu
nlcftted to the Reichstag; a secret circular
of Minister yon Rheinbaben, Issued by t'ae
latter while he was Governor of Dusse!
dorf. In this his subordinates were in
structed to maintain a special attitude
with regard to American Consuls, and to
refuse to give them any information as to
the manufacture and sale of articles of
food or drink injurious to health, or in
formation regarding any articles of com
merce, including toys.
The Incident has caused the greatest
sensation here. The Neueste Nachrichten
says in regard to it:
"It would be Interesting to learn \t the
President of ttie Council or the Prussian
Ministers of Commerce or Interior In
spired this circular, which affecta the In
ternational relations of Germany, or If it
was issued by order, inspiration or at lea«t
with the knowledge of the Foreign Of
fice. The language in which the circular
was drawn up does not exactly bear wit
ness to the diplomatic training of the
writer."
I made Inquiries at the Foreign Jfflce,
but all explanations were flatly refused,
which seems to point to the fact that
Count yon Bulow was not a party to the
circular.
RADWAI'I IIKADY KELliif ha* stood
unrivaled befcre the public for CO year* a* a
Pain Itemedy. It Instantly relieve* and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
Headache. Toothache and all pains. Internally
tor Malaria and all Bond Pains. All druggists.
Design of the Nile Gray Sandstone Entrance in Course of Erection.
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known
Authority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Out of the- chaos of old-time failure come* a
new and startling cure for rupture. Dr. W. 8.
Rice, 532 N. Main St., Adams, N. X., ha* ln-
vj y\ i y% ¦ j i" i ifi [^
uavi — Fnou Febrcary 33, 1903. — ABjirra
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon F«rry, poot of Marl(tt M.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DATS— I:3O. I *o. 11:00 a. m. : IMS,
• :JO. S:10, t:3O p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
•t 11:10 p. m. Saturdays— Sitr* trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
CUNDATS— «:M. 9:». 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. I:ML
• 00. f:B> p. m.
SAN RAFAEX. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 4:IO, 7:50. »:». 11:10 a, m.; U:«S.
1:40, i:l9 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and (:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:I&; »:*9. 11:19 a. m.; 1:40, J:t«. S-M.
6:25 p. m
Between San Francisco aad Schustiea Park
same schedule as above.
Leav* AtrlTc
Pan Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
I October 15, ¦
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Pay*. day*. Destination, day*. Day*.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am »:40 am
l:S0 pm 9:30 am Petaluraa. 6:05 pm 10:23 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 1:23 pm
Fulton.
I'M am Windsor. 19: IS sea
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
Oeyservllle,
•:M pm >:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm (:S pm
7:30 ami I IHopland and I j
-- : I 8:00 am [ Uklah. | 7:35 pm[ «:g pm
7:10 am 10:25 am
S:ooam Guernevin». 7:J5 pra
1:10 pm IS pra
f :30 am! »:00 am Sonoma I »:15am| S:4»aoa
and
1:10 pml 6:00 pm Glen Ellen, f f :C5 pm> t:3 pm
7:30 ami 1:00 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 am,10:15 am
t:3opm| 5:00 pm| [ 7:35 pml t.tl pn>
Stages connect at Santa Rosa (or Marie West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
tor Lytton Springs; at GeyservtUe for Skagss
Springs; at Cloverdale for Use Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carls Dad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vlcny
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. Jobn Day's. Riverside. Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sannedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr"*
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
¦Westport, Usal. Wlllltt*. Laytonvtlle. Cum-
mlng**, Bezrs Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dy«r.
B< 6aturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at r*.
* t On d Sunday round-trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronlcl*- bid*.
H. C. WHITING. R- X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California I imited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Francisco:
S P.n. i Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
scturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n in tine to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
EXPRESS P" m - with Palace and Tonrist
O AIL Y S.™ iot Kans » s C "T» St. Louis,
U AIL T Chicago and East. _
Local trains ' I>efween Stockton, VAI IPY
Fresno. Hanford, Visalia, Tularo DOArV
and Bakersneld. ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco ' office. 63
•f risco soon g| I ?SSsa i 3slS£
B^iaa^s ce t a r e etf IJStreCt; San . Jo »> 7W « t
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Banaallto Ferry.
Wtak can %-M a. m. and I:4* p. oa,
•naday*.. ....... ..1:«Q, 10:00 a, m. and l:t> p. oa,
¦toam-haaf etoaad ear oa all trtaaa.
rartr-Baa rranoUwj |a Sumaut aa4 turn*,
A •¦> • ¦ - ¦¦• -
*7iOOa Brnicia, Sulsun, Ebnlra, Vaaitllio,
Rumaey ami .Sacramento *7*43r
¦7iOOa Shut* Express— Davis, "Willows,
Reil Bluf£ Portlaud *7:4Sr
*7i3Oa Martinez, fcan Uamou, Vallejo, Nap*,
(.'aHgtcga ami Santa llosa *oilBr
•8:30* The OTerliiull.i '.cited— Ogden, Den-
ver, Omaha. Chicago *3iia»
•Hi3oa Ban .loie, LlTermore, Stockton,
lone, Oacrarncuto, PlacnrUle,
Miiry«»lli.-. CUiCP. lteil Bluff •4i Isr
*MtSO* 'Milton. OakiUlc, hocor*. Carters... *4:IOr
•OiUOa HaTTrartls. Niks and Way Stations. Ml :13 a
•9:OO a Ditis, Woodlacd, Knights Landing,
MarySTllle, Orofillo. »7i4Sr
•9iOOa AMantio Kxpress— Ogden and East *9i43a
•O:OUa Mariim-7. Tracy, Latiirop, Stockton,
Mcrc.-il imi Fresno. M2*l3r
•moo » Port Costa. Fresno, Mc]aT« aiut I.os -
Aucelvn 9 9:45r
• I O:OO a ViiUrJu, Martinez and Way Stations *0:43r
•I I :OOa Kilts. I.lvrrmnrp, Btockton, Uacra-
mento, Mcudota, Hanford. Viaalia,
rcrtervillo »4«lBr
• I «t«AM Ilajnrards, Xiles and Way Station*. *2:43r
tl:OOpB.tcratiifiitoi:!verHte»niers fStOOp
•3tOOr Iliywards, Nil.-s.iad Waj Stations. *3t43p
•4:»<>p Martinez. Han Itamon, Vallcjo,
Napa. (,\-iliitiiK«, Kaiita Rnsa •••1»A
MiOOr Bcnlcla, Vacaf Ille. Hacramento,
Won.llaii.l, KniehU Jjuullnc-.
M:irj;.»lll<\ OroTlll« •le:«3«
•4:30r Nllea, San .1 two and Stockton *7>l3r
•3:«M>rTlio Owl Limits— Tracy, Fresno. «¦-¦>-..
lUk'.rßflfM. Kauris for Nanta Bar-
bara, l.< s Angeles *le<43A
a3:OOr Sut sot Limited— El Ptso,' New Or-
lencsand East elot4S&
•3i3Or Stockton. Mriccil. Fresno M»si3r
•.V.Uur Kreiim, llak*ni(ielil. .Santa lUrlntra,
Los Angeles, l>-mlng. El Paso,
Nor- Orleans and Eait *Si43a
•3>B»r Hunt* 1.. Uotilc— Atiiuitlo Express
for Mnjavu ami Kaat *<lt43r
•OtOOr Ilay wards, Nile* and Kan .loaa *7i4-iA
{O:.1Or V»llej.» •¦3il3p
•Ci 3» i- Oriental MMI-OgJen. Cheyenne,
Omaha, Ch'cieo •»j4»a
•Bi3Or Oriental Mill— Ogden, Denrer,
Omaha, Chicago. *4tlSr
J7>»or Vallcjo, Port Coeta and War Bt*..
tions - ;. }os33r
•SiOSp Oregon and California lixi>rnw. Hao-
rmneiiti., Itod.llng,
rnrtUmt. r.io-t Hoh.ml and K»»t *H«H1»
COAST DIVISION OarrOTT (lange).
¦ (Foot ct Market Street)
•MslOa Newark. o:jtertlllc.Han.loso.Frl ton.
Boulder Crrck.SautaCraz and Way
Station* a 3i3t)r
fStlßr Newark, CenterTllle, Ban Josa, New
Alma.ion, Felton, Jtonlder Creek,
Banta Cruz and Principal Waj
Stations tlO:.10A
• ,"/*!2 p N «»ark, Hun Jose, Los Gatoa •©««•*
¦ 3 1: 15p Hnniers Excursion, San Josa and
WaySUMonn f7ifr
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
r«aSIK riUHCISCO—rcot of Uirkit Stmt(S!iaB)—
IJ : iS AOOA 00 11:00 'SiOO |3:0O
*I:C3 JB:C3 •G:o3i\m.
rtnOHUlD— r««l •rßroiJwaj.— "fIKW 8:00 10:00*.*.
tI2:CO «1:CO 12:00 »3:03 11:03 «3:oorii.
COAST ItiriSlON (flroaiMJauge).
(Third m.d TovrngeiHl SU)
L"i : !v OA ° CO * M vv ' oir ' »*<»«tl> »in FrandJCO.. t**»ir
•7i<M»a Han Jn«e m.d Wiiy Stations (New
._ _- Almadßii Wedneidajscmly) *l:3«r
•»•••» H«» Joso. Trea Duos. Muuta Cna.
Paclllo <lroY«. I'asu Koliles, San
Luis Olilspn, Surf. Lompoc and
?- .- D Principal Way Station* M.ltr
•lOMOa San .loss and Way Stations •G:33a
x-'Hfi* ?,*" so •""' w »» Ktatlous. •Oiaor
t«i4sr San Mateo. ltedwood, Meulo Park,
Talo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose.
Tres Finos. Santa Crux. Salinas,
' „_ „ Monterey and Faclllo Grore flftlMA
}»«*»* San Jo«« and Way Stations •7i3Or
tI'JL^ 1 " ? au J°»«aud Principal Way Stations •»:J3A
I- °.r r 2* n- J° 80 * D<i Principal Way Stations 10:OOA
•« ?2 P 2»"-V" !<nul<lrrln eiP»» WayStatlous *8:33 a
• Gj : l " p g» n J°se ami WayStationi f9:©O*
>11143p San Joaaaiid Way Stations TsUOr
»Tv A .'° rMo I vi " r , !• for Afternoon.
•DaiJy. f Sunday •xrnpted. j Sunday only.
6 Saturday only,
a Tuesday* and Friday* c Thursdays and Sunday*.
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
CHICAGO,
VIA
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
AND CONNECTIONS,
LEAVING BAN FRANCISCO DAILT,
1:30 A. M. and C:SO P. M.
EftectlT* February ' 28. MOO.
O*t Information of Southern Paclfla ticks t
•cent* or "^ BaE ***IR*spBBWs*VM*«aPUM
OENERAX. OFFICE, MMontfOlMrr it.
20R. P. ' THnnlg*n,\ dealer .In ':. fin* ; liquors, '. 234
East «.. 8. F.~ Brmncli to Keawiclc *-;' ; ' •
and
Scientific research discovers that the
life forces that make intelligent selec-
tion from food to build different parts
of the body, when ready to build and
rebuild the brain, seize upon the delicate
particles of Phosphate of Potash, which
is furnished in certain portions . of the
wheat and barley kernals, and setting
this element into active vibration uses
it to amalgamate with albumen.
This new combination is carried by
the blood to all parts of the body and is
absorbed by the nerve centers and
brain, to rebuild the delicate cells of
which brain is made, and which must be
renewed every day as the brain is used.
Use of brain burns up and destroys
small portions, of it, which .must be re-
built or "brain fag" results.
That's the story and that is why
Grape-Nuts food is made and made of
the selected parts of wheat and barley
that furnish Phosphate of Potash. ;This
food * r' :/^Tv
Does Build the Brain
Grape-Nuts can be had of any first-
class grocer. Made .. at the pure, food
factories of the Postum Cereal'' Co..
Ltd., Battle Creek, Mich.
I Food that makes Brainsf
Thursday night. The man was taking
passage on the steamer Zinfandel when
taken into custody by the officers. All
the plunder was found in his trunk. He
was removed to the county infirmary to
await his recovery. Harsha felt his ar
rest very keenly, as he felt despondent
and wanted to end his life.
Two Negroes Hanged.
NEW LIBERIA, La., March 3.— Reuben
Cately and Hyppolyte Brown, negroes,
were hanged to-day for the murder of
Martial • Sorrel, a storekeeper, near Oli
ver. La., last August. Charles Brown and
Henry Green were principals in the mur
der and were to have been hanged to
day, but it was considered too big a job
to hang all four at one time, and lata
yesterday Governor Foster respited these
two. • -
GOVERNORS
APPEAL TO
CONGRESS
Ask That Action Regarding
Western Grazing Tracts
Be Suspended.
Conference to Be Held at Salt Lake
in April .to Consider the Dis
position of Arid
¦ . Lands.
.- — — » —
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
CALL HEAIX3UARTSRS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, March 3.—
Senator Carter of Montana presented in
the Senate to-day a roemorial signed by
the Governors of Colorado, South Dakota,
Wyoming, Nebraska, Montana and Ari
zona, as follows:
At a conference held by the undersigned In
Washington, on the 22d day of February, 1900,
to consider the merits &f pending measures lor
the leasing and reclamation cf the arid lands
of the West by the Land Department of the
general Government, it was unanimously re
solved that. In view of the preat Importance
of the subject, especially in the effect of such
legislation uoon the people of the arid land
States and Territories, a conference of the
Governors of said States and Territories ba
called at Salt Lake City for the- ISth day o£
April, ISOO, to discuss, consider and respectfully
report to Congress | a plan or method for a
satisfactory solution of the problem of the dls
ptsltton or management of the arid public do
main, In the general interest and for the gen
eral welfare of the -people of said States and
Territories, j , "y .
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
delivered to the Senate and to the House,
which are respectfully requested to suspend
action in the premises until the holding and
adjournment of the said conference.,'
Mr Carter said: "The communication
manifestly relates to the bill introduced
by the Senator from Washington (Mr.
Foster), entitled "A bill to provide for
public grazing lands and to produce reve
nue for agricultural development.
"This bill has excited widespread atten
tion throughout the entire Western coun
try wherever public lands are located. Its
purpose seems to be to lease public land 3
in large tracts to large stock owners for
a given rate of rental and for terms or
years. Likely to Pass.
"For the benefit of persons who have
become so profoundly stirred by this prop
osition before the Senate, it is but fair to
say that It is improbable that Congress
will at this late date consent to begin
leasing public lands in large areas to cor
porations and laige stock owners, thus re
tarding legitimate settlement of the pub
lic domain and giving that domain for a
trifling rental to a few individuals who
may desire to monopolize it. I do not
think that any apprehension need be reit
in any quarter with reference to the pos
sibility of passing such bill through^ the
Senate or through either branch of Con-
IresV The public domain of the Un'.ted
States has been held In trust by the Gov
ernment for the people of the country,
and actual settlers have always been pre
ferred. It has been the policy of the Gov
ernment to establish homes to build up
communities, to establish States and to
bring out well ordered society where
waste places exist. To turn what remains
of the public domain into cattle ranches
under barbed wire fences, with-a monop
oly of land and water. ln the hands of a
few individuals In the respective States,
*is not seriously entertained as a proposi
tion anywhere. I do not anticipate that
any committee of this body contemplate*
reporting favorably upon such a measure.
"This much I will cay, to the end that
well meaning persons who desire to settle
upon the public domain may have their
apprehensions quieted with reference to
any possibility of legislation on the part
of Congress on the lines of the bill re
ferred to.-' ¦
McGuinas, Vallejo. $6 to *S. Reissue-
Arthur M. Renshaw, Watsonville, $6. •
Oregon: Original-Peter Fellows, Mc-
Mlnnville, $6; George Qulmby, Island City,
JO
WASHINGTON: Original— John M.Bab
cock. Everett, $6; Max Ragley, Seattle. *8.
Increase— William Jameson, South Bena,
$3 to $12. Original widow, special accrued
February I^— Cynthia J. Estabrook, Ana
cortes, 58. '
' TUB
Gump Collection
Of* EUROF»EMN
PAINTINGS
fILTT
A.TTCTIOISr
Now on Free Exhibition Day. and Evening at
NATIVE SONS' HALL - - - - 414 MASON STREET
The greatest opportunity ever offered in San Francisco to
• procure the Best Works of Modern Masters at purchaser's prices.
Sale commences at 8 o'clock Monday Evening, March sth,
, and continuing during the week.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
How?
Why?
¦
¦
¦
GRAPE-NT7TS.
KENTUCKY ELECTION
CONTEST IS ARGUED
Circuit Judge Fields Takes the Case
of the Bival Claimants Under
% ¦ ¦> Advisement. 'Mk£~3*£-
LOUISVILLE. Ky., March 3.— After
hearing arguments by former Governor
Bradley for the Republicans and Zach
PhelDß for the Democrats Judge Fields in
the Circuit Court this afternoon took un
der advisement the cases to
the right of the rival claimants to the of
fices of Governor and Lieutenant Gover
nor An opinion is not expected for sev
eral days. When itis announced an ap
peal will be taken to the State Court of
Appeals, which the Democrats claim has
final jurisdiction. The Republicans, how
ever will try to bring the case before the
United States Supreme Court If the de
cision be against them.
The Democratic Senate to-day passed
the bill for the appointment of a commit
tee to hunt down the person or persons
who assassinated Governor Goebel and ap
propriating fIOO.CKXhto carry on the work.
The bill had previously passed the House
and now goes to Governor Beckham for
approval. The Republican Senate, sitting
in the same hall, took no part in the pro
ceedings.^ ' "' '"'"'_'_" "'*'•"
Choate a Doctor of Laws.
EDINBURGH, March 3.— The author
ities of Edinburgh University have de
cided to confer the degree of doctor of
laws upon Joseph H. Choate, the Ameri
can- Embaasador; Sir Richard Webster,
the Attorney General, and Miss Eleanor
A. Ormerod, the celebrated entomologist.
Miss Ormerod Is the first lady to receive
a degree from this university.
Object to a Railroad.
REDDING, March 3.— The Board of Su
pervisors of this county Is again to b ¦
stopped from the Intended sale of a trao
tion line franchise from Shingletown to
Cottonwood. A writ of prohibition is
sought to enjoin them from proceeding,
the petition for the writ being filed late
this evening. The Supervisors had tfvei
notice of intention of granting the fran
chise on March 6. Once before they had
intended doing the same, but were beaten
out on technical grounds In the couits
through a writ of prohibition.
Keith's RTand opening exhibit next Fri
day and Saturday. Everybody expected.
Keith's. •
May Contest Davis' Will Case.
PITTSBURG. March 3.— There Is likely
to be a contest over the division of th<*
estate of Charles L. Davis (Alvin Jonltn),
which Is .valued, at about $250,000. It was
believed here that Mx. Davis had no liv
ing relatives, but to-aay Charles H. Davis
of Baltimore, who pays he is the husband
of the niece of the dead actor, arrived in
the city to attend the funeral and inci
dentally look after the interests of hia
wife, who he says has been led to bellpve
ehe would be. a beneficiary. Many rumors
concerning the disposition of 'the estate
are in circulation, and If the will,
will be read to-morrow, excludes the nlec«
a contest will likely, follow, based upon
undue influence being used.
INSURGENTS
ARE RAPIDLY
REORGANIZING
Will Renew Guerrilla War
fare When the Rains
Begin.
SECRET SOCIETY FORMED
?
Jtany of Its Leaders Are Men Who
Pretend to Be Supporters of
the American AHmfTiiß
tration.
MANILA, March 3.— Reports reach the
Associated Press from various sources.
Including army ofScers and the head 6 of
commercial houses, with agents through
out the Islands, of continued activity
among the Insurgents, who are endeavor-
Ing to keep alive the armed opposition to
the United States and are planning to
continue the Insurrection with guerrilla
warfare on a larger scale when the rainy
season begins. A person holding a posi
tion second only to that of the Governor
General tells the Associated Press he is
convinced that the Insurgent organiza
tion has been remarkably rehabilitated
during the past month, particularly in
the northern provinces. He says the in-
Furpents have a secret organization pat
terned after the Katlpunan methods even
in the Ftrongest garrisoned towns, afford
lr.e perfect means of communication, and
that the machinery is managed from Ma
nila tome of the leaders being Filipinos
pretending to be supporters of the Amer
ican administration, many of the munici
pal eovernments installed by the army
forming part of the machinery-.
I*>yal to Aguinaldo.
Two correspondents of leading Ameri
ear. weeklies, who have traveled for a
month in Benrai and Ilcocos with letters
from insurgent chiefs, going alone fifty
miles from garrisons ajnd being every
where hospitably received, say the peOp!e
make no secret of their sympathy with
the insurrection. Though admitting that
the Filipino soldiers abuse them tbey still
protect these soldiers from the American
Koutinr parties. They claim to have
communicition with Aguinaldo. Paterno.
in the northern mountains of Man.la. is
full of civil and military officials of all
ranks of Aguinaldo's povernment. who
were captured or surrendered and who
were brought here and released on prom
ises to refrain from agitation.
While many of the insurgent municipal
officers were continued in office on taking
the oath of allegiance, residents who are
acquainted with them have little faith in
their adherence to their promises. All the
citizens of Tarlao. capital of the province
of that name, numbering eleven persons,
have been arrested and charged with
plotting, and two Insurgents have been
captured at Malabon with incriminating
papers and $4000 collected from the na
tives. Borne of the municipal govern
ments appear loyal and efficient. On the
other hand, one American general de
clares he believes that the majority in his
province are atrents of the Insurrection.
Pamphlets Circulated.
A fresh 'issue of Insurgent pamphlets is
being circulated, asserting that the Amer
ican promises of good government are
merely a mask for commercial exploitation
of the Philippines, quoting Senator Bev
eridpe's speech and an editorial from a
Washington newspaper headed "Let Us
Be Honest."
The trial of the guerrilla charped with
murder is finished, and it is believed the
commission's verdict will be guilty. In
dictments against others have been pre
pared. .
Xo report has been received from Gen
eral Bates' expedition. He haa probably
moved Inland, where communication with
him is impracticable. The army through
out the Island of Luzon is working hard,
scouring the country for Insurgents and
killing a few dally. The section from
Manila to Dagupan has been thoroughly
cleared, the scouting parties- being unable
to find any insurgents. General Funston
and Colonel Keenan took 200 men through
the mountains to Baler, on the eastern
coast, without meeting an insurgent. But
they are active along the northern coast
from Dasrupan to Aparri. Occasional re
port!" come of an American soldier being
killed or disappearing. . ..
In the southern provinces the Insurgents
continue to harass the American garri
sons by night demonstrations.
NON-UNION WORKMEN
ASSAULTED BY STRIKERS
Scenes of Violence Attend the Walk- j
out of Machinists at
Chicago.
CHICAGO. March 3.— Two non-union
workmen are being cared. for at the
County Hospital as the result of assaults
made upon them by a mob of strikers at
Canalport avenue and Seward street this
noon. They are L. S. Gondy and Aaron
Myers. Two other non-union men were
assaulted and badly beaten by strikers at
Sixtieth and Klmbark avenues earlier in
the day, and it was only when a woman
of the neighborhood came to the rescue
with a revolver that the strikers were
driven away. Warrants were sworn out
for tha arrest of the assailant of Gondy
and Myers.
Work was carried on with non-union
men by the United Contractors to-day,
and it was planned to send out many
more non-union wjorkmen on Monday.
In the strike of the machinists National
President O'Connell and Business Agents
Brown and Roderick were busy during
the day extending the defection of men to
the smaller shops. Nearly every shop of
importance in the city has been tied up to
some extent by the union. At the Deer
ing Harvester . "Works Superintendent
Kennedy said that only twenty-two men
had gone out, and it was probable that
the strike would have no noticeable effect
at the plant.
The Siemens & Halske Electrical Works
in Cicero did not close this evening, a»
was expected by the strikers. Instead a
notice was posted announcing that the
firm was a member of the Chicago Asso
ciation of Machine Manufacturers, and
that the demands for recognition of the
Machinists' Union would not be granted.
It further stated that all employes could
return to work regardless of connection
with the unions, and that they would give
promotion, but no discrimination would
be made between union or non-union
workmen.
Prisoner Attempts Suicide.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ' . ;
NAPA, March 3.— S. H. Harsha of the
Veterans' Home made an attempt to talce
his life in the County Jail here at 1 o'clock
this morning by cutting the radial artery
and cords in the wrist of his right hand.
Harsha used a broken blade from a vege
table knife that is used in the jail. Har
sha was arrested Friday afternoon on a
charge of grand larceny, as it is alleged
that he stole three watches and some
clothing from the Inmates at the home
CAPENOME.
THE MOORE GOLD
SEPARATOR
Saves the Gold.
Hundreds of Practical
Miners Indorse
Ibis Statement.
A company has been incorporated to
own and operate these machines in the
Cape Nome district.
The company has bonded valuable
Tundra claims.
A portion of the treasury stock is of-
fered for sale at $i.oo per share,
full paid and non-assessable.
Particulars and prospectus furnished
at the company^ office, room iB.
CROCKER BUILDING. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
INTERESTS THE
PEOPLE OF THE
PACIFIC COAST
Senator-Elect Bard Arrives
at Washington to As
sume His Duties.
Navy Department Refuses to Make
Repairs on the Marion — Pen
sions for Veterans of the
West.
t ¦ ?
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, March 3.—
Senator-elect Bard arrived here this
evening. In his party were his sisters,
the Misses May P. Bard, L. K. Bard and
Blanche Bard of Chambersburg, Pa.
These ladies had met their distinguished
brother this afternoon at Harrisburg and
had accompanied him to Washington to
see him take the oath of office as Senator.
Other members of his party were his son.
Dr. Cephus L. Bard, and William M. Hlll
ikan, who is acting as his private secre
tary. Mr. Bard has selected as his per
manent secretary R. Woodland Gates of
Los- Angeles, whose long experience as
private secretary to former Senator
White will make him a useful assistant.
Mr. Bard and his party drove at once to
the Normandie House, where the Senator
will remain for the present. His son will
remain here several weeks. .
During the eveaing Senator Perkins and
members of the Callfornlan delegation in
the Hotfse welcomed the Senator to
Washington. The credentials of Mr.
Bard have already been presented to the
Senate and the oath of office will be ad
ministered to him on Monday.
Senator Perkins to-day called on Secre
tary of the Navy Long to persuade him
to recommend an appropriation by Con
gress for making repairs on the Marlon,
which is now used by the California
Naval Reserve. . The department holds
that Inasmuch as the Marion has been
turned over to the State of California for
the exclusive use of her militia all ex
penses of keeping her in serviceable con
dition should be paid out of the appropria
tion which that State presumably makes
for her naval reserves.
Pensions have beeru granted as follows:
California: Original— John Spratt, Fort
Bragg, $6; James D. Thomas, Los An
geles, $6: Alphonso Case, Vacavtlle, $6;
Gilbert H. Brown, Georgetown. $8. In
crease—Oscar Davis, Los Anereles. $10 to
112; John F. Bentler. Col ton. JS to $10; Wil
liam H. Barrett, Jamul, $10 to $12; Hugh
SOUBRETTE ATTEMTS SUICIDE BECAUSE HER CLOTHES
WERE GIVEN TO HATED RIVAL.
LYDIA RAYMOND, a soubrette now performing at a local variety thea
ter, attempted suicide last night by stabbing herself In the body in her
room at the Berkeley house. 15 Mason street. That her
act met with failure is due to the dullness of the weapon. She did,
however, succeed In inflicting a number of painful wounds, and now
lies in her room sorrowful and penitent. The young woman is the wife
of "Billy" Murphy, a well-known Irish comrdlan, and because her husband
refused to remain under the same roof with her she took this means of end-
Ing her unhapplness. For the past week a marital difference had existed be
tween the couple, but her action resulted In bringing about mutual forgive
ness.
The trouble that led to the eeparatlon had its origin in Stockton a few
weeks ago. Both were doing a "sketch" and were meeting with unusual suc
cess. Mrs. Murphy was jealous of her husband's attentions to a young lady
who trod the boards In the Gam« theater, and, sad to relate, the husband
harbored the same feeling because of the smiles which his wife showered
on a resident of the Slough City. Both were at sixes and sevens, and at last
the repeated quarreling brought about a mutual separation. The wife hur
ried to this city and accepted a position at a local resort, while her husband
rrrnainc-d and finished his engagement. The wife In her hurry to get out of
her husband's presence forgot to take her wardrobe with her, and the hus
band, like a cruel villain in the play, wreaked vengeance by giving his bet
ter halTs lingerie, waists, skirts and all to her hated rival.
No end of writing could move her husband to send her clothes to her, so
Mr?. Murphy bided ncr time, and when her vengeful spouse returned to this
city the went before Judge Fritz, demanded and procured a search warrant.
This was Ferved by a big policeman and Mr. Murphy returned to his lodging
house in time to meet the bluecoat coming down the stairs with his trunk.
The comf-dian expostulated with the minion of the law, but to no avail,
and with deep sorrow watched his belongings depart for the police sta
tion. A* every article of wearing apparel he posseted in the world was
stored in the trur.k. Murphy found It necessary to lay In a new supply to
tide him over until the court decided ownership.
The coldness and cruelty of her husband so affected her that Mrs. Mur
phy derided to end it all. She procured a stout rope and tried to choke her
pelf. Failinig in this, ene resorted to a knife, but only succeeded in inflict
ing painful cuts. Word was sent to the would-be suicide's husband, and as
snon as he learned of his wife's plight he hurried to her bedside. Tears of
forsiver.ess were shed by each, reconciliation followed and the curtain was
rung down on a happy pair.
LIGHT FALL
OF RAIN IN
THE SOOTH
Sky Overcast and Prospects
Good for a Con
tinuance.
OF NO BENEFIT TO CROPS
Reports From All Sections of the
State Show the Precipitation Was
General, and Farmers are
Rejoicing.
+ The following are the seasonal ?
+ rainfalls to date: ¦?¦
+ Last This -f
¦?¦ Stations— 24 hours. Season. +
+ Eureka 0.50 " 41.20 -f
+ Red Bluff 0.76 17.23 . +
-?- Sacramento 0.34. 14.23 ?
-f San Francisco 0.45 15.66 +
? Fresno 0.01 6.21 ?
+ Independence 0.00 2.12 ?
-?¦ San Luis Obispo... 0.04 12.61 ' +
+ Los Angeles 0.08 4.65 +
+ San Diego 0.00 2.64 .' -f
+ Yuma 0.00 0.75 +
LOS ANGELES, March 3.— Sufficient
rain fell this morning to lay the dust.
The sun then broke through the clouds
and the weather continued clear through
out the afternoon. There are slight indi
cations of rain to-night in Southern Cali
fornia, but even if rain should fail it will
be of little benefit to crops, which In some
localities are past saving.
SAN DIEGO. March 3.— lt has been
cloudy to-day and the sky is heavily over
cast to-night, but up to 10 o'clock no rain
has fallen in this city. At Escondido to
day three hundredths of an inch fell.
SAN JOSE. March 3.— No rainfall was
ever more welcome than that which came
to-day and which has not yet ceased.
Wliile the orchards will receive great ben
efit, the gTain will be most materially as
eisted. Large crops are now a foregone
conclusion. In town the effect of the rain
has been shown in the increased business
done by the Cured Fruit Association.
Since noon fruit growers who had been
holding back, fearing a dry season and
a short crop, came pouring in to sign
contracts. There seems to be no doubt
that the requisite 75 per cent of the prune
acreage of the State will be secured, and
that the association will be on its feet by
the Ist of April. The rainfall for the
storm amounts to .45 of an inch; total for
the season 11.39 against 7.53 for the cor
responding season last year.
SALINAS, March 3.— Monterey County
in general, but Salinas in particular, Is re
ceiving a copious rain at present and all
indications point to a continued storm.
Reports from all outlying districts are to
the effect that rain came Just in time to
save crops. For the past two weeks the
weather has been very warm and as a re
sult much of" the grain has been badly
blighted, but if the rain continues it is
thought that the damaged crops will come
out all right.
PACIFIC GROVE. March 3.- s Rain has
fallen throughout this district since mid
night last night in a continuous gentlo
downpour. It la very welcome to farm
ers hereabouts.
JAMESTOWN, March 3.— Eighty hun
dredths of an inch of rain fell to-day up
to 6 p. m., making 20.33 inches since Sep
tember 1. Last season to date the total
precipitation was 13.27 inches more. , At
Sagar it has been snowing all day. To
night it is snowing as low down as Con
fidence.
NAPA, March 3.— Rain b«gan falling
early this morning and continued through
out the day. It is much needed and wel
come.
PLACERVILLE, • March 3.— A heavy
rainstorm, accompanied by a high wind
from the southeast, began in this section
at 1 o'clock this morning. The storm is a
very cold one and messages received by
telephone from the stations on the line of
the El Dorado canal report that snow is
falling heavily in the mountains east of
this city. This storm will be of great
value to the mining industry of this coun
ty, for it will insure an abundance of
water for mining purposes during the
summer months.
STOCKTON. March 3.— Rain has been
faling here all day, and reports indicate
it is general throughout the county,
though In no locality has the fall been
very heavy. It was welcome, however,
and some benefit will accrue wherever It
has fallen. Grain was- not suffering for
moisture, however. The indications are
that the storm is passing to the east.
TRACY, March 3.— The first rain In two
months began falling this morning. "While
crops ar« not suffering, rain is welcome.
GILROY, March 3.— A light rain has
been falling steadily since 6 a. m., with in
dications of a continued precipitation.
MODESTO, March 3.— Early this morn
ing rain began falling and this evening
the fall registered .46 of an inch. Total for
the" season, 9.39 inches. Grain was begin
ning to show ne*nl of moisture, but none
of It was suffering. Crop prospects could
not be better than at present.
PASO ROBLES, March 3.— After two
months the dry spell was broken to-day
by a good fall of rain, which commenced
at noon. Prospects are good for more
rain. All are jubilant, as a good rain
now insures a large yield of grain. The
amount of grain sown is larger than
ever before, and it is in splendid condi
tion, notwithstanding rain has not fallen
before for two months.
FRESNO, March 3.— This evening rain
began falling and has continued since in
a steady, heavy downpour. Up to 5
o'clock .01 of an inch fell, making a total
for the season of 6.23. The rain is badly
needed, and the present precipitation will
do a great deal of good. Rain is pre
dicted for to-morrow.
SACRAMENTO, March 3.— Rain fell
here for a few hours ihis morning. While
it was . not needed, it will not do any
harm except to strawberries, which are
now being marketed. The ground in this
vicinity has been too wet all winter.
MILTON; March 3.— Rain has been fall
ing since early morning, and the indica
tions now are for a continuance of the
storm. Grass and grain are looking ex
tremely well, and the present storm will
do much to insure a crop. • <?;¦-•
SAYS SHE INHERITED HER TALENT
FROM HER PREACHER FATHER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
STUBBED HERSELF AND
THEN WON FORGIVENESS
MRS. LOUIS MEYERS.
MRS. LOUIS METERS, whose maiden name was Oza "Waldorp, Is well qual
ified by nature and training for playing 1 the parts to which she aspires —
ingenue. She is but a little over rive feet in height, well formed, blue eyed,
flaxen haired, and with voice, temperament and looks to correspond. She has
made the start and is determined to go on in her career, as she has met with
much encouragement in her several appearances this past week at the Califor
nia Theater.
Mrs. Meyers' father, the Rev. Mr. Waldrop. is the Baptist minister of
Healdsburg who caused such a stir among his flock and in the councils of his
church by his defense of the stage. It is said that he rather approves of the
course of his daughter, though she protests that he knows nothing of her in
tention. » ' *
"Papa should have chosen the stage instead of the pulpit for a profession,"
she says, "as he is a born actor and very dramatic at times in the pulpit.
From the time I was able to talk almost he encouraged and taught me to act
parts and was very proud of my Buccess. He is largely responsible for my
great love for the stage, and It is too late now to make me turn back."
iiiiiiiiiinmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiHUiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin
I CURE VARICOCELE. /<^ X '; J
Your relief begins the very hour my electric treatment suf- wCn a
fuses your system. You who suffer from this disease know its NyO^^^ieY n
symptoms, its torture, its effects. You've used tonics, lotions, ;§^?/I?j>*>J ¦
ligatures and bandages, but your pain Is still there. After (JStg^QQW a
twenty years' practice and scientific improvements my method K*J?s£ X^i^ a
for treating this disease is absolutely perfect and unfailing. y^ H ,SaL h
I've so studied the curative power of electricity over this malig- nS-^jqSvm h
nant ailment that I can assure you of a radical and permanent N »; H(&\ft . a
cure. My remedy is a battery worn round the body and\ i^*!3tiifa 5
j known as \i 4^iS?slX / S ¦
; Dr. WcLaughlin's Electric Belt Xjm&kl
! With special electrodes for this disease. These you can see S
I illustrated in my book, sent free, or upon calling at my office. >c <^j^?~sS3S3^* ¦
I when I will advise for your case and explain the cause and "*^^))tfKrvi> 3
i cure. My new method of applying the electric voltage eradi- /V/il*Vvn'vß ¦
I cates the stagnant secretions and irritating toxines from the / //iitl iJ*\ S> 5
! veins and reduces the swollen condition of the parts. To avail V J^" - vviK a
i yourself of. this remedy will be the gladdening relief of your \to&r w-3»\ ¦
[ suffering days. This is no idle boast. It is honestly so. My \l^ x a
I treatment is along the highest medical-scientific lines. It is \wm }£% ¦
I the unerring hand of Nature, the same power which rolls a Jlf [^^| ¦
' world into being or revives the drooping flower. My Belt, JM /f^, %3 i
whose attachments DO NOT BLISTER like old styles, gives no -^l^S^ \s "
shock to the nerves, but a gentle, warm animation which nour- c^ ' iT^ il S
ishes your weakened organs into new life, relieves your pains ¦
and restores your vigor. v - ' -\& ¦
Varicocele. Varicocele and Backache. ¦
''. ¦ CRESTON, SAN LUIS OBISPO CO.. Cal.. Jan. 10. 1960. BERKELEY. CaL. 2031 Center*^. Jan; U, 1900. ¦
DR. M. A. Dear Sir: By usln» your Eleo- Dlt M. A. MeLAUOHLIN— Dear Sir: Th« resulM ot JiatnK I
trie Belt Treatment my Varicocele Is rone. The swollen veins your Electric Belt Treatment are thoroughly satisfactory- The ||
have recovered their natural condition, and I am so rreatly bet- varicose veins are reduced and"the pains In the back are tone.- -.
ter that lam speakinß about the curative power of your Belt to. I recommend your Belt to others. Yours «'acer»ly. •_ ¦¦
my friends. Your« truly, . C. S. "WILLIAMS. . .. E. PARKER. I
SPECIAL.— I nil aj belt at half prie« to thow d.Mppolnted in Bld-ityl», Inraing WU. If you emaot etll, writs far =y Ulaitnted boai, I
mailed fret. . I . '¦ 5
NEVER ©OLD IN DRUG STORES. Office Hour^OA^fl^to^eP.in.l Sunday, tOA.rtl. to « f»-in» ¦
'¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
21
ADVERTISEMENTS.KIRK PARTY MASSACRED.
Tidings Received From Greenfield of
the Relief Expedition.
FORT SCOTT. Kans., March 3.— Frank
Greenfield of Mapleton, Kans., who last
fall came home from South America and
secured the co-operation of the Govern
ment in a relief expedition to search for
the party of rubber prospectors -which
was sent from Kansas City to th-j in
terior of Brazil in February, IS9B, has no
tified his parents from Cuguba, Brazil, In
a letter Just received, that the entire party
was massacred by Sllais Indians far up
the Xlnga River.
There were five or six men in the party.
It was in charge of M. E. Kirk, a- civil
engineer of Kansas City, and consisted of
Alfred Greenfield of Mapleton, Kans. ; two
men named Williamson and Brownly of
Ohio and one or two unknown men. L. B.
Price, a Kansas City merchant, waa the
financial backer. The Brazilian Govern
ment assisted in the search.
FUNERALS OF MINERS.
Coroner's Jury Will Fix the Blame
for the Accident.
REDDING, March 3.— A Coroner's Jury
has been selected to attach the blame, if
any, for the death of the miners at Iron
Mountain. After being selected the jurors
viewed the remains of the five unfortu
nates already taken out, and an adjourn
ment was taken until Monday morning at
10 o'clock. It is believed that the three
remaining bodies will be secured by that
time. One inquest will be held on the
eight deaths.
After the jurors had examined the five
bodies they were turned over to relatives
and friends. The body of D. E. Ross was
accompanied by the weeping widow and
fatherless child to Willows, Glenn County,
for burial. Ross was the only married
man of the five whose bodies have
so far been secured. The body of J. Oates
was taken to Sacramento for Interment.
It was accompanied by a brother. Another
brother is sadly waiting at Iron Mountain
for the recovery of the fourth brother,
Alfred Oatea. Henry Cetillon, A. Cav
anagh and R. McCalliep were buried at
one time this afternoon from a local un
dertaking establishment.
NEW YORK'S SNOWSTORM.
Railways Slowly Recovering Prom
the General Blockade.
ROCHESTER, N. T., March 3.—Forty
three and one-half Inches of snow in six
ty-three hours is the new record estab
lished here. The railroads are recovering
from the biggest fight against the ele
ments they have had In many years.
Trains to-day were much nearer schedule
time.
The New York Central, on account of
having the most tracks and the greatest
number of trains, had the most trouble
and was the slowest in recovering. Trains
on this road to-day were from one to four
hours late. On all the roads through
trains were considerably behind.
French Creek Property Bonded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. ETNA, March .3.— J. O. Welsh, O. V.
Green, David Jones and others have bond*
ed several copper and gold properties 01
French Creek, about eight miles south of
Etna, and will put a large force of mea
to work developing the properties. They
contemplate erecting a smelter and other
works. These men have large capital, anJ
their action means a great thing for this
section of the county. In the meantime
other capitalists are taking hold of prop
erties near here. .
Sunday-School Opening.
A Mission English Lutheran Sunday
school will be opened in Excelsior Hall.
on Mission street, between Nineteenth
and Twentieth, this afternoon at 2:30
o'clock, under the auspices of the Rev.
Dr. E. Nelander and the Mission English
Lutheran Ladles' Guild.
NEW YORK, March 3.— Because Benjamin Doblln. a Broadway tailor, did not
know the recipe for making a pair of Etage "pants," according to Edna
Wallace Hopper. h» has been forced to bring the actress Into court to
collect/ what he claims to be a Just and moderate bill. Stage "pants," like
"artels', food,*' are a delicate creation. You Jlrst supply about four yards of
heavy srtflte outing cloth, stir In an equal amount of white China Ellk and
ftren^then Its taete with white silk thread, buttons and buckles. Crease thor
oagbly before serving. When the concoction Is finished It will be discovered that
the China ellk acts as a lining for the white flannel.
Bc-r.jan:in Doblin, tailor, forgot the China silk, but he did not forget to send
Mrs. llopp*r a till for $100. She complained that the trousers were useless to
her on account of the rldpes at the seams, and she sent them back as she would
n toupb sirloin at a Broadway restaurant. Then she ordered another set of trou
*¦< re from another tailor. All this occurred at the time of the opening of "Chris
arid the Wonderful Lamp" at the Victoria.
Now Mrs. Bopper is ready to leave town, and so, through his attorney, Wil
liam Klein. Benjamin Doblin. tailor, served a summons on the actress on Thurs
day right to appr-ar in the City Court and show cause why she should not pay a
tailor' f bill of $100 for two pairs of riding trousers. It took ;be process servers
two <iay« to catch the actress.
She has referred the matter to a lawyer.
men of all parties and' sections and creeds and
races and nationalities, and Its stars are only
those of radiant hope to the remote peoples over
whom It floats.
Imperialism Impossible.
Thtr* can b* no Imperialism. Those who fear
are against it. Those who have faith In the re
public are against It, so that there is universal
abhorrence for It and unanimous opposition to
it. Th« only dlfferenc* Is that those who don # t
agree with us have no confidence In the virtue
or capacity or high purpose or good faith of
this free people as a civilizing agency, while
we believe that the country of free government
which the American people have enjoyed Has
not rendered them falthlsxs and Irresolute, but
has fitted them for the great task of lifting up
and assisting to better conditions those distant
peoples who have, through the issue of battle,
become our wards.
Let us fear not. There Is no occasion for
faint hearts, no excuse for regrets. Nations
don't grow in strength and the cause of liberty
and law is not advanced by the doing of easy
things. The harder the tack the greater will
be the result, the benefit and the honor. To
doubt our power to accomplish it Is to lose
faith ' In the soundness and strength of our
popular institutions. The liberators will never
become the oppressors. A self-governed ¦ peo
ple will never permit despotism- in any gov
ernment which they foster and defend.
Gentlemen, we have the new care and can
not shift It. And, breaking up the camp of
care and Isolation, let us bravely and hope
fully and soberly continue the march of faith
ful uerviee and falter not until the work is
done. It is not possible that seventy-five mil
lions of American freemen are unable to es
tablish liberty and Justice and good govern
ment in our new possessions. The burden is
our opportunity. The opportunity Is greater
than the burden. May God give us strength
to bear the one and wisdom to embrace the
other us to carry to our distant acquisitions
the guarantees of "life, liberty and the pur
suit of happiness."
President McKinley read his speech. It
was greeted with applause throughout.
His reference to the maintenance of the
gold standard, the open door and the ab
sence of entanglements caused great ap
plause. • ... .
When President McKinley sat down the
orchestra played "The Star 'Spangled
Banner." and the guests arose and
cheered. •
Governor Nash of Ohio referred to
Lieutenant .Governor Woodruff of .New
York as a son of Ohio. Mr. Woodruff was
very warmly applauded when he arose to
speak. . , ,
¦ The -President received 'about twenty
members of the Ohio ' Society this after
noon. Subsequently he shook hands cor
dially with Mrs. Russell Sage and Jliss
Helen Gould. He led them to Mrs. Mc-
Kinley and the three ladles and the Presi
dent, were together for some time. Oth
ers who called on the President were Col
lector Bldwell and Judge Advocate Gen
eral Kraus • and .•¦¦ Lieutenant Governor
Woodruff. .
Clellan, D. .Zanone. John M. Vance.
Henry Hohner, Joslah Bell. L. C. TmU«'
A- Palmtag, H. W. Schwab, •H. X-
Johnston, Robert Porter, S. B. Foster,
George Eaton and John McCallan.
m
HANDSOME HOTEL TO
BE BUILT IN MERCED
Will Take the Place of the El Capitan
Recently Closed by the South
ern Pacific.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED, March B.— Several of the pub
lic spirited, men of this city have eub
scribed toward the building of a fine large
first-class hotel.. This Is something Mer
ced has , needed ever since the closing of
the El Capitan Hotel by the Southern Pa
cific Company several months ago, tnua
leaving the town without a first-clas3
hotel. It is the intention of the new com
pany that this state of affairs shall exist
but a very short while longer. . .
The new hotel, which will be of the an
cient Spanish type of architecture, will be
situated on the corner of Huffman avenue
and Main street, with a frontage on-J*ain
street of 150 feet and extending on Huff
man avenue the same distance. It will oe
two stories high, the upper floor contain
ing eighty rooms, while on the lower floor
will be the office, dining-room, kitchen a:vl
several store rooms. The building will
contain a theater, which has also long
been needed. El Capitan is the name that
has been selected. It being the name of
the hotel the place of which it is designed
to fill as a first-class house. •
The tearing down of the old El Capitan
will begin about the second week of this
month, and work on the new El Capitan It
is hoped will begin shortly afterward.
SPLENDID EVIDENCES OF
THE STATE'S PROSPERITY
WOOLEN MILL SOON TO
BE STARTED AT EUREKA
A- W. Berr Is the Projector and Be
lieves There Is Room for the
'.'l.'if Enterprise.
An effort is being made to establish a
woolen mill at Eureka, Humboldt County.
A. W. .Berr of this city, who was former
ly superintendent of the woolen mill at
San Jose, has Just returned from the
north, where he has succeeded in Interest
ing the people of Humboldt in the pro^
Ject. He received offers of several sites
free upon which to place the mill and
there also were offers of lumber to con
struct it.
Stock to the amount of $55,000 has been
subscribed in Eureka and $10,000 has been
subscribed in this city. This week Mr.
Berr will go to Eureka to incorporate the
new enterprise. Then lie will proceed
East to get the latest machinery and the
expectation Is that the mill will be in
operation very soon.
Mr. Berr cays that the cheap fuel to
be had In Eureka will be equal to a sav
ing of $25 per day ojs compared with the
cost of coal, which has been one of the
drawbacks with woolen mills in this
State. The conditions at Eureka were
carefully examined and all found to be
most favorable for wool manufacturing.
The county produces about 500,000 pounds
of wool annually. The representatives
of 350.C«» pounds are In tne list of stock
holders, so that it is expected that there
will be an abundance of raw material
for the manufacture of blankets and
caeslmeres.
Among those interested in the enter
prise are J. W. Henderson, H. W. Me-
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One*do«e will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try It. All druggists. •
MATZOS! JiYStt MATZOS!
PRICES SLAUGHTERED BT EL.ECTRICITT.
¦ The Western Matzo Co. has changed from tho
old system to- the modern style of baking Mat-
xo« by electricity. Therefore we are able this
season to sell Matxos at the small sum of FIVE
CENTS PER POUND. We Invite you to call at
our ' factory ¦ and • examine our goods, and you
will find them first-class and fresh baked every
day." Send your order* early to our offices. 433
Sixth st.. 943 or 955 Folsom St. B. LANGEN-
PORF.SHENSON A CO.
Eye-Glasses
If contemplating the purchase of Eye Giasse..
give us an opportunity to prove our ability to
give you perfect service. Our new clips ar.
more comrort-glvlng than any other. Never
slips, tilts or pinches <»0 cents).
<scull»ts- prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
642 Market h\ .*»Tiwnfiirt
'•HUH* CMOniCLi SUHBlxb
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Silk Skirts
A special purchase of new all silk taffeta
skirts in black and colors, well made and per-
fect fitting with a full tucked Spanish flounce,
worth 57.00; on sale Monday morning*at VvK
$5.00 each
T ¦• 1 rx^i J TT
I^/lolC ± 111 \ZdLKJL JTXvJoC
Monday we shall offer a great bargain in
ladies' black lisle thread hose, well made with
high spliced heels and double soles and toes
at the special price of
Swiss Curtains
Just opened a new shipment of plain and
fancy ruffled Swiss curtains of superior work-
manship in good materials, full width and
three yards long, made . especially for bed
rooms, cottages and country houses; the cur-
tains will be sold for v
¦* ¦? '3 5> .;-.« -75 and *2.00 a Pair
. Our- new assortment of bed pillows in all qualities and
sizes have just arrived and now await your inspection.
lap Kearny siT^^^^^^
Write for our Oltutrated catalogue.
Blackburn Arrested.
SACRAMENTO. March 3.— Sheriff F. T.
Johnson and Sheriff Milton Besseof Santa
Cruz to-day arrested Cornelius E. Black
burn, who is wanted in that county on a
charge of grand larceny for stealing a
horse and DUggy last June. Blackburn
is wanted in San Francisco and Fresno
County for similar offenses. In IS9I he
The Chosen Friends.
Arrangements are being made for the
organization, of a new council In the
southern part of the State. An active
organizer is at work In that portion of
the country.
Evans Council Is making arrangements
for the proper celebration of the anni
versary of its Institution.
Golden Gate Council will give a grand
entertainment after the Lenten season.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neumfgrla.
Druggists. bOc flank.-. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.
end the Fre» State Railway, or he can
bring round most of Buller's force to re
inforce his own ancy. In either case the
Boer strategists will have a hard task to
;i.. }.'¦- a promising plan of campaign.
i "The best, lioer plan is, perhaps, to
leave the rear guard to cover the passes
from Natal and to concentrate all the rest
of their forces to resist Lord Roberts. In
thi« way they might in a. week from now
tnf-^t Roberts with, perhaps, equal num
bers, but Roberts will be reinforced from
¦week to week, while the Boers cannot be
for the moment.
"The position seems to be that there
are Gooo or 7000 Boers within striking dis
tance of Roberts at Osfonteln. If that is
th»? case he will either disperse or cap
ture the small Boer force unless it re
trfatjj rapidly until reinforced.
"Tilt Invasion of Cape Colony has
broken down* and we may shortly hear
that the British have recovered the pass
ages of the Orange River. Mafeklng may
have for the next two or three weeks a
hard time, as a part of Cronje's Boers
eecm to have retreated northward, and
nome of them may swell the besieging
force, but I»rd Roberts will probably
contrive to push forward a smaii force on
the Mafeklng line and raise tbe siege.
Come, See.
Extra Premiums
. With Tea
With Coffee
With Spice*
With Baking Powder
Come Just to See.
Great American Importinii Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere
no Stores.
was sent to San Quentin from Lake Coun
ty for murder in the second decree if oi*
twenty-five years, but I his : sentence was
later commuted to ten years and he- was
released in September, 1837. • --
while he is drawing the principal Boer
army on to himself."
PRESIDENT KRUGER TO
MEET PRESIDENT STEYN
LONDON. March 3.— President Kruger
1b said to have left Pretoria with the in
tention of meeting- President Steyn. The
place where they will meet Is not men
tioned, but is believed to be somewhere in
the Orange Free State., Those in South
Africa who are conversant with the «ffect
the recenf reverses have had^on the Boers
express t!he opinion that the meeting of
the two Presidents is preliminary to a
suggestion of negotiations for peace. But
if this is the case it must be due to the
pressure brought to bear upon the Presi
dents by the burghers and Afrikanders
in the British colonies rather than the
personal inclinations of the Presidents, as
all the available information depicts them
as being as determined as ever to persist
in the war until the resources of the re
publics are much more enfeebled than
they seem to be at present, although some
signiiicance is attached to the consulta
tion in view" of the reported visit to Eng
land of Chief Justice de Villieres, Mr.
Hofmeier and Dr. Tewater ostensibly on
private business and for their health. But
the closest observers do not anticlpatt
any sudden cessation of hostilities, and
certainly the reports from the theater or
war do not tend to encourage the advo
cates of immediate peace. The Boers are
apparently rallying with their accus
tomed ability to repair a temporary re
verse, and Great Britain has yet to test
their force as a defensive power under
the new conditions of warfare.
Outside the meeting of the Presidents
NEWS OF THE 1R
IS SOUTH AFRICA
Continued from Pace Thirteen.
McKINLEY ON
THE DUTY OF
THE NATION
Says It Must Face New Re
sponsibilities With
out Flinching.
DEFENSE OF HIS POLICY
Imperialism Is Impossible, He De
clares, Because the American
People Would Never Tol
erate It.
NEW YORK. March 3.— The Ohio So
ciety' of New York' held its fourtenth an
nual dinner -at the Waldorf-Astoria to
night. William McKinley, President of
the United States, was the guest of honor.
More than . 400 coverß were laid. Before
the banquet President McKinley held a
reception and shook hands, with the mem
bers of the society and the guests.
Among those at the President's table
were: Governor Roosevelt, Governor
Nash, ex-Governor Morton,, C. N. Bliss,
Senator Mark Hanna, Lieutenant Gov
ernor Woodruff, General Swayne, General
Corbin, H. Clay Evans, General Thomas
H. Hubbard, John Barrett, Tunis G. Ber
gen and Julian T. Davies. • : < .
The list of speakers, on the programme
was .as . follows: i President McKinley,
Governor. George K. Nash of Ohio; Solici
tor General of the United States John A.
Richards, Lieutenant Governor Woodruff
and James H. Hoyt. There, were no fixed
toasts, the speakers* having, subjects al
lotted to them aa tney were called upon.
Governor Roosevelt waa late in arriv
ing at the dinner, and was loudly cheered
as he came In at 8:30. At 9 o'clock Mrs.
McKinley, wife of the President, accom
panied by Mrs. Abner McKinley and -Dr.
Rixey of Washington, took seats In one
of the boxes. Mrs. McKinley was loudly
applauded and when she bowed the ap
plause was renewed. All ' the galleries
were iHlod with ladies, many calling upon
the President's wife.
Cheers for the President.
It was 10:30 o'clock when M. I. Southard,
president of the society, introduced Mr.
AlcKinley. When Mr. Southard mentioned
the President's name there was great
cheering. Governor Roosevelt leading.
Three cheers were given when Mrs. Mc-
Kinley's name was mentioned, the gueata
rising. Mrs. McKinley arose and bowed.
The toast, "The President," was drunk
standing. President McKJnley then arose
amid tremendous applause. In the course
of his speech he said:
It has been some years since I waa your ruesc
Much has happened in the meantime. We have
had our bleuslngs and our burdens, and still
have both. We will soon have legislative as
surance of the continuance of the gold stand
ard, with which we measure Our exchange,
and we . have the open door in the Par Kaet
through which to maxket our products. We an
neither in alliance nor antagonism nor entan
glement with any foreign power, but on terms
of amity and cordiality with all. We buy from
all of them and sell to all of them, and our
sales exceeded our ¦ purchases In the past two
years by over % 1,000, 000, 000. Markets have been
Increased and mortgages have been reduced.
Interest .has fallen and wage* have advanced.
The public debt is decreasing. The country is
well-to-do. Its people for the most part arc
happy and contented. . They have good times
and are on good terms with the nations of the
world.
There are, unfortunately, those among vi —
few. ln number, I am sure — who seem to thrive
best under bad times and who, when good time*
overtake them In the United States, feel con
strained to put us on bad teams with the rest
of mankind. With them I can have no sym
pathy. 1 would rather give expression to what
I believe to be the nobler and almost universal
sentiment of my countrymen In the wish . not
only for our peace and prosperity, but for the
peace and prosperity of all the nations and
peoples of the earth. s
Alter thirty-three years of unbroken peace
came an unavoidable war.' Happily the con
clusion was quickly reached, without a sus
picion of unworthy motive of practice or pur
pose on our part and with fadeless honor to>
our arms. I cannot forget the quick response
of the people to the country's need ¦ and the
quarter of a million I men ¦ who freely offered
their lives for their country's -service.* It was
an impressive spectacle of national strength.
It demonstrated our mighty reserve power and
taught us that large standing armies are un
necessary when every I citizen \r a "minute
man," ready to Join the ranks for national
defense. / ,
Speaks of National Duty.
Out of these recent events have come to the
United States grave trials and responsibilities.
As it was the nation's wax, so are Its results
the nation's problem. Its solution ¦ rests upon
us all. It. Is. too serious to stifle. It Is too
earnest for repose. No phrase or catch word
can cancel the. sacred' obligation. .No use of
epithet, no aspersion of motives by « those who
d».*er will contribute to? that sober Judgment
so essential to right conclusions. No political
outcry can abrogate our | treaty ; of peace with
Spain or absolve us from Its solemn . engage
ments. It Is the people's question and will
be until its determination Is written out In
their enlightened < verdict. We ; must choose
between manly doing and " base desertion. • It
will never be the latter. It - must be soberly
settled In Justice ' and good conscience and .It
will be. Righteousness, which exalteth a na
tion, munt ¦ control , In - its solution. . , No great
emergency has arisen In this i nation's I history
and progress which has not been met by the
sovereign people with • high : capacity, with
ample strength ¦ and with . unflinching . fidelity
to every honorable obligation. Partisanship
con hold few of us against solemn public duty.:
We have this ¦' so . often demonstrated I In • ihe
past as to mark unerringly what it will be in
the future. I HIIUI I Jim iiipi'J " l JllllPn**4>*'lll!li|lM
.The national sentiment and the nation's con
science was never stronger or higher than now.
There has been a' reunion. of the people around
the holy altar consecrated ' to country,u ntry, newly
ftanctlfled by common sacrifices. . The followers
of Grant and I^»e have fought under the. same
flag and fallen for the same faith. Party lines
have loosened and the ties of union have been
rooted In the I hearts of I the ; American people.
Political . passion , has altogether subsided- and
patriotism glows ..with Inextinguishable fervor
in every home In, the land. The flag has been
sustained ' on ; distant seas and ' Islands by th«
there is no new indication of any change
in the situation. Telegraphing from Os
fontein to-day thanking the Lord Mayor
of Liverpool for his congratulations in
behalf of that city. Lord Roberts says:
"I trust her Majesty's soldiers in this
country will gain such further successes
as will speedily restore freedom and pros
perity to South Africa."
CONSUL MORPHY CALLS
LIND A BLATANT POLITICIAN
MINNEAPOLIS. March B.— E. H.
Morphy, British Vice Consul at St. Paul,
is being severely criticized to-day for his
speech at a meeting of the Brltlsh-born
citizens here last night, in which he spoke
of Governor Lind as a "blatant politi
cian," who in proclaiming his sympathies
with the Beers was prostituting his office
for votes. Governor Lind has been urged
to make complaint to the Federal authori
ties. He has declined, however, to take
notice of the incident. Morphy declares
that he is an American citizen and spoke
last night as an American citizen, as was
his right. He looks after the Consul's
business incidentally, and is not sent here
as a direct representative of the British
Government.
¦ #
MANY BOER PRISONERS
ON WAY TO CAPE TOWN
CAPE TOWN. March S.— The railroad
Is now repaired northward from Kimber
ley to Riverton. The engineers are push
ing the work rapidly.
The Boer prisoners captured at Paarde
berg total up 4660 men. About 3000 of them
are on their way here.
The* pressure on the rolling stock is
enormous. ¦ j Sir William MacCQrinack;
president of the Royal College of Sur
geons," who has been acting as volunteer
surgeon with the volunteer army In South
Africa, sails for England to-day.
INSPIRED BY SYMPATHY.
LONDON, March 3.— The Queen. to-day
received the following dispatch from Gen
eral Duller:
"The troops much appreciate your
Majesty's kind telegram. Your Majesty
cannot know how much your sympathy
has helped to inspire them."
m^ . 0^ fl^ 0\
NEW GOODS
...in...
ALL DEPARTMENTS.
THE LATEST NOVELTIES
FOR SPRING 1900.
'NEW BLACK SILK AND WOOL NOVELTY VEILINGS, CRISPS,
CANVAS CLOTHS, GRENADINES AND CREPONS.
NEW FANCY COLORED CREPONS, MOTTLED CHEVIOTS, GOLF
SUITINGS, CRISPS AND PLAIDS. '%:¦]).
NEW FANCY SILK TAFFETAS, in Open Work, Corded, Plisse
and Hemstitched Effects.
NEW SILK GINGHAMS, FOULARD SATEENS, LINEN SUITINGS,
WASH CREPES, FRENCH ORGANDIES AND WHITE
PIQUES.
NEW ALL-OVER NETS, APPLIQUE CHIFFONS, SPANGLED
NETS, TAFFETA VESTINGS, TRIMMING LACES AND
\ FINE EMBROIDERIES.
NEW SILK WAISTS, SILK SKIRTS, WASH WAISTS, LACE AND
EMBROIDERY TRIMMED SKIRTS AND GOWNS.
SPECIAL!
150 dozen NOVELTY RIBBON TIES, with knotted fringe ends,
latest colorings.
Prices 25c to $1.75 Each.
111. 113, 115^ H7. \ 119. 121 POST STREET.
NEW FLOUR-MILL
PROJECT FOR SAN DIEGO
Prominent Capitalists "Will Erect One
of the Largest Plants on the
Coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. March 3.— Prominent capi
talists who are Interested in the advance
ment or the trade of San Diego have. It Is
understood, entered into negotiations with
a Los Angeles milling company for the
erection and operation here of one of the
largest flouring mills in this section of the
country. The mill and plant will cost
close to $100,000, and it Is to be erected near
the site of the Spreckels Brothers Com
mercial Company's warehouse, at the foot
of G street. A large portion of the block
on which the warehouse Is located is un
occupied at present, and being near the
water front and already supplied with
railroad tracks it would be an exceedingly
fine location for such an enterprise.
The large demand for flour in the Orient
and the fact that the steamers of the Cal
ifornia and Oriental line have had to go
north each trip for a partial cargo. has di
rected the attention of the people to the
possibility of supplying the ¦ deficiency
here. The last steamer of the line out of
here had 1780 tons of flour from San Fran
cisco, and took . another 100 tons here.
More could be taken by each steamer if
space. did not have to be furnished for
cotton and other shipments.
The arrangements for the construction
of the buildings have progressed so far
that if the coming week brings rain to
Southern California the work of construc
tion will be commenced. If, however, It
Is found that wheat will have to be
brought here from the East there may be
a little delay in getting the work started.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SIHSDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
EDNA WALLACE HOPPER
SUED FOR PRICE OF BREECHES
And AH Forms of Itching, Scaly Humors Are
Instantly Relieved and Speedily
Cured by CUTICURA.
The itching and burning I suffered in my feet and limb' for three years
*rere terrible. / At night they were worse and would keep me awake a
S**~~~\ " s\ greater part of' the night. I consulted
r doctor after doctor, aa I was travelling
I on tne road most of my time, also ono
"^^K ~^***v °' our c^^ octors * 2^one of the doc-
f^ <&~^. \ \\ I >v torB * cnew w hat tne trouble was. I got
/\f~]^ * A W I 1 \V a lot of the different samples of the medi-
/f *M^^>Aj»/// l\ cines I had been using. I found them
\ lr>v / ill \\ ot e0 Dian 3 r different kinds that I con-
\ \ \\. \J \W A \ eluded that I would have to go to a
yS^A M Q \ Cincinnati hospital before I would get
v^V yC I' \ re^ c ' > I h a< * frequently been urged to
k\ \\&*-^*L££%i 1 v tr 7 Coticura Remediks, but I had no
I\\ \S/s2F>^~^y *Y^" \ faith in them. My wife finally prevailed
\\ A \^f -^ /^-^>> UU P 011 me to tr y them. Presto! .What
>'~-~^»2l 1 tJ /^^Y a change! I aca'now cured, and it is a
C_^^2^N*Jy . » /^— »^j permanent cure. I feel like kicking
V^£* \?^ ( \ I V some doctor or my Pelf for suffering three
/nISA \j,— / years when I could have used Cuticuea
\ i*"«4^v if Remedies.
\ i-vr^^S^-Tl / H. JENKINS, 3liddleboro, Ky.
/XtVirt/ COMPLETE TREATMENT $1.25
I \>l hA J Consisting of Coticcra Soap (25c.), to
I Tr^Nvy cleanse tbe skin of crusts and scales and
I -/^/rf3v^*> -^ »of ten tho thickened cuticle, Cuticuea
I ' V/Jr-P^A Ointment (50c.), to instantly allay itching,
I 'llJ*"<^A Irritation, and inflammation, and soothe and
yV"~~- ~~ /^^s f heal, and Cdticciu. Resolvent (50c.), to
r • r^*' /'S co °l an< * cleanse the blood, is often sufficient .
I "«^ i& =s * i^*S . A-> tocure the most torturing, disfiguring skin,
\A^- . « -^*y .1 ecalp, and blood humors, rashes, and irrita-
" " tions with loea of hair when physicians, hos-
pitals, and all else fatl. Sold throughout the world. Pottek Oruo and Chem.
Cokt., Sole Props., Boston. " How to Purify and Beautify tho Skin," free.
Cm only Cmcru* Soap for baby's skin, scalp, and hair. It is not onlr the purest,
eweetert, and mon refreshing of nurvery eoape, but it contains delicate, emol-
KILLIOKS llent prop^rtle*. obtained from Ccticcra, tbe great ekln cure, which preserve,
re purify, and beautify tbe ekln, ecalp, and hair, and prevent simple akin Mera-
Ur (she* from becoming serious. For distressing heal rashes, chaflngs, lnflam-
MfITHFRS matlon*, and eruptions, for crnsted, itching Irritations of the scalp, with dry,
¦ m zJ ntna thin, and falling hair, for red. rough hand*, and shapeless nails, and simple in-
laatllc huiaors. It Is absolutely lndlapeaeable. - , •
. CASH 0B LETTLB-AT-A-TIMB.
|P^3 M Piece Parlor
P Suites.
In our newly received furni-
ture are many.handsome parlor
suites in particularly beautiful
designs and decorative uphol-
stery. And we pride ourselves
on the wonderfully low prices
we are asking for them.
Send five cente In stamps
for new furniture catalog
4 ¦; r
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017 • 1023 MtaalON STKBBT.
ABOVE SIXTH.
n«s* sotsta v.
22
ADVERTXBEMENTaCaptain Low Exonerated.
Captains Bolles and Bulger. United
States Inspectors of Steam Vessels, have
exonerated from blame Captain T. G.
Low, master of the steam schooner Nettie
Low. capsized off Double Point on Febru
ary 6. The schooner was lost, but all
hands were saved.
Knockers to Be Discouraged.
Chief of Police Sullivan paid an offlcla'.
visit to the Seventeenth-street polrce sta
tion yesterday afternoon, and was Intro
duced to the watch by Captain James W.
Gillin. The .Chief congratulated Dlvlsior
D on Its fine appearance and paid a high
compliment to Captain GlUin. Lleutenar.*
Anderson, the ' non-commissioned officers
and men on their efficiency and strict at
tention to duty.
He addressed a few words of warning t^>
- the watch on the pernicious effect of.wha*
he termed "knockers" on the force, H
made them understand that the "knocker"
will find the Iceman at the Chief's door
way In the future.
patched the hones on their Journey, to a
pretty start. Almost instantly Charley
Thorpe, wearing the familiar colors of
Burns & Waternouse. showed In the lead
on Pat Morrissey. Passing the stand Pat
was flying through the slush. Dr. Shep
pard at his heels, but running out and ap
parently beyond "Toddy" Walsh's con
trol. Imperious followed in third position,
after which came Rosormonde, Dr. Nem
bula, Formero and the others all strxinz
out. Dr. Sheppard soon ceased to«be a
factor, and when six furlongs had been
reeled off Pat was still sifting along In
front, Devin had moved into second place,
with Imperious, and Joe Piggott had fas
tened onto third position astride Arbaces.
Burns, on Acrobat, away from the post
badly, was working like a demon, with
encouraging results, back In sixth place.
"When the stretch was reached the crowd
began yelling "Pat Morrissey wins." and
It did look as if the notorious mudder
would never be overtaken. The strain
began telling on Arbaces, and Acrobat,
now In fourth place, was a beaten horse.
When opposite the trainers' stand Thorpe
realized that Morrissey was weakening
and began to urge him desperately. It
was a forlorn hope, for Imperious passed
him, winning easily by a couple of
length". But behind hhn what a battle
raged for the smaller portion of the JlO.OOO
Surse! Coming from far back In the rear,
er handsome white face smeared with
mud. game, honest little Rosinante re
sponded nobly to Vlttltoe's vigorous rid
ing and in a terrific four-head finish with
Formero. Topmast and Constellator se
cured the place and the J3OOO jrhleh went
with It. Topmast likewise made a nhe
nomenal run from away back in the ruck,
and while Marty Bergen did the best he
could, it Is more than probable the Shields
& Carruthers entry could have won had
Spencer accepted Instead of refused the
mount. The winner's time for the mile
and a quarter, 2:10. marked a very good
performance.
When Devln pulled Imperious up, re-
In the Divorce Court.
Mrs. Amanda Herzo was granted a di
vorce from her husband. Nlcolaus Herzo.
by Judge Belcher yesterday on the ground
of cruelty. Mrs. Herzo testified that her
husband had abused her ever -since the
day of their marriage, in 1593. Other wit
nesses corroborated her testimony and th©
court granted the decree.
•Rosa E. Brady filed *uit yesterday for a
divorce from James Brady. Mrs. Brady
alleges failure to provide as cause of ac
tion. Rose Hunt has sued Franklin J.
Hunt for a divorce on the ground of
cruelty.
TESTIMONIAL FOR
THE EX-CHIEF OF POLICE
Presented "With Commendatory Beso
lutions by the Men Over Whom
He Had Control for Many
Years.
Ex-Chlef of Police I. W. Lees was pre
sented last night with an engrossed testi
monial by the Police Department. Th*
ceremony. Informal in character, took
place at the ex-Chiefs home. 1022 Pine
etreet. and many of his friends were In
attendance. .« ¦_>
In the presentation speech Joseph Dunr
reviewed the career of ex-Chief Lees ir.
hie capacity as captain of detectives and
Chief of Police. He spoke in high com
mendation of L**> 6* record, and at the
conclusion was liberally applauded. Th»
old Chief responded in fitting expression
thanking all for their kind attention and
presence. ¦
• Other spe<»che* were made by ex-Prsp
*rtv Clerk Moran and- Robert Plnkertor
cf New York City, who Is here on a visit
«n<J will shortly leave for his home in tht
Eart.
SUPERVISOR THOUGHT
HIS VOTE WORTH A JOB
Tried to Hold Up the Tax Collector
for a Clerkship for a
Friend.
The officials in the Tax Collector^ of
fice are chuckling over the discomfiture
of a" certain Supervisor, who started out
on a still hunt \t or patronage a few days
ago.
At the last meeting of the Board oi
Supervisors the Tax Collector was grant
ed twenty-four extra clerks in accord
ance with the desires of Auditor Wells,
who holds that though the charter pro
vides specifically for the twenty-four ex
tra clerks it is necessary for the Super
visors to adopt resolutions to that effect.
The clerks are already employed In th«
tax office, but the particular Supervisor
alluded to did not know this. He only
"knew that twenty-four clerks had been
allowed and visions of a sinecure for on»
of his constituents floated through his
brain.
The next day he hastened to the tax
office and greeting Collector Scott In a
cordial manner, confided to him that he
had voted for the measure and thought
that to giv«>' him one of the clerks would
be about right. Scott good humoredly In
formed the Supervisor that he was labor-
Ing under a delusion.
"The clerks," said fcott. "are already
employed and Instead *of putting on any
more I have had to discharge two owtn?
to the fact that the former License Col
lector and hi 3 twenty-eight deputies were
paid out of our funds for their services
from January 1 to January 8, 1900. when
the new officials look office. I am very
sorry I cannot accommodate you. but call
atrain Mr. . I'll always be glad to see
you."
With this partln? shot Scott bowed the
city father out and the latter retired a
sadder but a wiser man. The identity
of the Supervisor *- not disclosed.
DR. ROWELL'S IMPERIOUS, DEVIN UP,
CAPTURES THE RICH BURNS HANDICAP
WINNERS of the Stake.
MORE HELP
NEEDED AT
THE MORGUE
Public Neglected While the
.Deputies Are Absent
on Cases.
COMPLAINT FROM POLICE.
Presence of a Matron, as Under the
Last Administration, Would
Serve to I>ispel All Dif
ficulty.
; There has been much complaint recently
owing to the scarcity of employes at tha
public Morgue. As matters stand at pres
ent the wide scope of work obliges tr-j
neglect of persons who have business with
the city's deadhouse. and the principal ob
jection made is that sometimes for aours.
while the deputies are called out on cases,
public business cornea to a standstill.
The deputies themselves are not respon
sible for this condition of affairs, and tl**y
do their best to attend to all matters ap
pertaining to their department. They are.
handicapped, however, and the only relief
for the situation Is to give them ample as
sistance that their work may be properly
performed. A matron who under the lai»t
Coroner attended to the office whil"* the *
deputies were absent has been eliminated
from the staff, and the necessity of her
presence, not only as a substitute for the
deputies, but as a companion for wonw
who are brought by the force of unfortu
nate circumstances to visit the institution
when some relative or friend rests on a
slab within, has been greatly felt.
The corps of deputies is so small that
but two can be placed on the night watch-
In the daytime either the Coroner or fclJ
first assistant Is present. In addition to ta<»
regular day watch, and diClculty seldom
arises then. In the evening, however, only
two men take up their vigil, and wlierj
cases call them away from the ofSce th<*
doors are locked, the room darkened and
the public must wait. Ordinarily ther«»
are one or two calls for the Morgno of
ficials each evening. Fe-w cases come trom
point 3 closer than the City Receiving Hos
pital, and manytlmes the wagon is obliged
to go to residences In South San Fran
cisco or to the City and County Hospital.
Both deputies are required on each eaafr.
and no official remains on duty during
their absence.
When an unidentified body is brought t->
the Morgue many persons whose frterul«i •
are missing call to view the remains 'n
the hope of getting a clew as to the
whereabouts of their lost ones. The even
ing Is chosen by most of the working peo
ple, and these have to be admitted to th*»
room In which the bodies are kept by on-*
of the deputies. While the officials ar<»
out on cases these people are obliged tQ
wait for hours or return to their homes,
thus delaying the Identification In many
Instances for days. A few days ago 3
complaint was n-.ade to Coroner Cole trar
during the absence of his deputies on a
call to the City and County Hospital an
attempt was made to turn away a party
of ladies who had come from Oakland at
the solicitation of the chief deputy for tha
purpose of viewing the remains oi .in un
known suicide, after having Just learned
their business, by misinforming them as
to the time when the deputies would re
turn. ¦ .
In cases of death, either sudden or mys
terious, the police and public gen-rally
complain, as they are often obllge-i to
wait some time before they can summon
the Morgue authorities. No one is pres
ent to answer the telephone who has au
thority to act In an official capacity nntl
confusion arises. Undertakers, who have
orders for bodies, are Inconvenienced antt
additional grief is caused friends and rela
tives of the unfortunate.
One of the most serious results
may arise is the abuse of private nfor
mation which may be given by mistake to
persons who may happen to be present at
the Morgue during the absence of the
deputies. A telephone call which was an
swered by an outside party last week
caused much trouble, and threats wera
made that serious charges will be pre-
The reinstatement of the matron, whose
service* have been dispensed with becausa
no provision had been made for such <%.
position under the new charter. .ho'iW
immediately be done. The Board of Su
pervisors and the Mayor have the pow-r
to recreate the position and Provide for it
maintenance, and they should take action
at once. - The presence of a woman In
cases where .those of her sex are con
cerned can scarcely be dispensed witn.
HUNTINGTON'S
RELIEF PLAN
IS DENOUNCED
Kailroad Employes Declare
the Scheme Is Merely
a Subterfuge.
STRIKE TALK IN THE AIR
If the Southern Pacific President At
tempts to Force the Men to
Join Trouble May
Result.
The Southern Pacific Relief Department
circular issued by General Manager
ICruttschnltt. acting under orders from C.
$*. Huntir.gton. has not had the effect that
was £*sired or expected. Instead of the
•raplSyes of the railroad corporation
trampling over one another in their eager
ness to be the first to Join the new al
leged benefit scheme are heard mutterlngs
cf dissatisfaction and threats of resist
ance to what Is regarded as a move on the
part cf Huntington to coerce them Into ac
cepting, his dictum In the matter of in
eurance.
An ominous cloud is gathering on the
railroad horlxcn. and unless the temper
of the men undergoes a decided change
the cloud Js likely to burst into a storm
that will eweep over the entire Southern
Pacific system, tying up traSc from one
end to the other In the greatest railroad
strike ever witnessed west of the Rocky
Mountains.
See Veiled Compulsion.
The men ccc In the circular only a. plain
eoimn&ad to join the relief department
created by Huntington. They regard the
phll&nthropic wording of the document
and the benefits to members which axe
co carefully enlarged upon as merely a
clo&k end a subterfuge to hide the real
purpose of the Southern Pacific's auto
cratic president. That purpose, it is
claimed, is to undermine and ultimately
wreck the railroad brotherhoods and de
stroy the last vestige of unionism among
the men, thus putting it beyond their
power to ever in the future offer any or
ganized resistance to the exactions of
their masters. This In itself is bad enough
to contemplate, and it is probably the
worst feature of the whole scheme in the
«yes of the railroad employee, inasmuch
as. if successful, it will place them abso
lutely at the mercy of the corporation.
Eut the scheme aims f.rst to compel the
men to pay a higher rate for their In
surance than they are at present paying,
¦while at the same time tht benefits prom
ised are less. Nearly all the railroad em
ployes in California are members of ber.e
r.t organizations, paying aa average of
SI 50 a month, which entitles them to sick
teneSts. The rate demanded by the South
ern Pacific Relief Department average*
i: TO a month, the exact figures ranging
from SO cents to $5 40. and ever}' employe
¦when vaa.k:r.g application for membership
must eign «•. paper releasing th<" Southern
Pacific Company from all liability for ac
cidents. This last provision offers an in
tErmountable barrier to employes who
might seek damages for loss of limb, and
has created much bitter comment.
Fear Loss of Employment.
The fact that the circular states that
menubership is voluntary in the case of
the presei.t employes of the company
counts for little. The men declare they
will be forced to join "voluntarily" or
¦wake up some fine morning to find them
e«rlves out cf employment.
The employes of the railroad company
declare they will not join the relief de
partment. Thr -.jitter has already re
ceived a great .»al of attention anO
grievance corr.rnittees will shortly be
appointed to wait upon the railroad offi
cials and discuss the subject. From tht
temper of the men there is no doubt tha:
xr.ar.y of them will advocate a Etrike i:
an attempt Is made to force them to joic
the new order. The circular affects the
engineers, conductors and telegraphers,
¦who were not in the last Etrike, bu 
should another walkout occur they
•would. It Is claimed, be found In line with
their fellow employes.
A number of railroad employes called
t:pon Attorney George W. Monteith yes
terday to discuss the matter. In speak
ing of their visit last night Mr. Monteith
eaid the men were very much In earnest
end determined to prevent the consum
mation of the latest outrage proposed by
Mr. Huntir.gton.
"While the circular says It Is wholly
•voluntary' with the employes to Join or
rot. still ever}- railroad man knows tha:
that Is a mere subterfuge and that h:
•will have to join to hold his job." sai«'
Mr. Monteith last night. "A great many
of the railroad employes who belong t<"
various fraternal orders will be com
pelled to give them up. as they cannot
Keep up the heavy exaction of this ' 're
lief department' and paj* lodge dues be-
Bldes."
The Men May* Strike.
"Will the men make any organized re
tistance." In other words. "Will they
strike?" was asked.
"They did not .tell me so In words, bu?
personally I have not th* slightest dour
that unless the railroad abandons thl;
Fcheme It will ultimately cause a strikr
that will sink that of ISS4 into insignifi
cance.
"Still, I think the company will bacV
Cown. It cannot afford to ha\-e a strlkf
r.ow of all times. Huntlngton is now en
jrir.fTing th*» biggest financial dral of hi'
•who]** life. He has JT3.000.000 to rai*e ari<~*
a. strike would simply ruin him. so hr
•wl'l growl and quit.
"If h* <So<?f not back down I am con
vinced the men will uce every legitimat-
tr<>apon of s*>lf-d»>f*>n!««» th<»y have avail
able to mai-itnfn thrir rirhtP."
Tyranny of the Dead.
Rev. B. ; Fay Mills ; has consented to ,'de
llver two more lectures. ' The first /will
take place this afternoon In ' Metropolitan
Hall, on "The Tyranny of the Dead." •
the bookmakers' realm was only possiole
ty adopting the "flying wedge" or «ome
other sort of football play.. Eighteen
books were in line, and bo. heavy wa.-» the
Tvagering that several layers of odds r%~
'used to bother with anything less tha.i
?5 bets. . ' :': ' „'. v
Of course, the rain cast eloom over a
half-dozen stables, causing Erwin. DiviJ
Tenny. F. W. Erode and Advance Guard
ro be 'withdrawn on that account. Bomid-
I !ee and Monrovia looked outclassed and
were absentees also, leaving a fleiri of
thirteen to face the issue. When three
races, all selling affairs, had been decided,
bettinp began on the stellar attraction.
The track was muddy, but not deep, an 1
although all against her, Rosinante was
at first installed a 3 to 1 favorite, with 4
aeainst the Rowell pair. Imperious and
Malay. 4 about Arbaces. 6 Dr. Sheppnri
and Acrobat, while two points higher were
chalked against Dr. Nembula and Pat
Morrissey. During the noon hour Acrobat
had been purchased from W. J. Spiers by
J. W. Schorr, the Memphis turfman, and
with Tommy- Burns in the caddie was th<*
warmest tip of the day. the bay horse. ft
one stage commanding first call in the bet
ting, though he gave away to Dr. Rowell's
entries at post . time, owing to a heavy
plunpe made on the latter duo.
The odds against Rosinante drifted back
to 12, while a. quiet play on Formero cut
his price from 30 to 15. . Marty Bergen had
the mount on Topmast, with 40 to 1
against his chances. Both Arbaces and
Dr. .Sheppard, the top weights, had .a
strong following, and 12 to 1 on Pat Mor
rissey tempted many. At a quarter to 4
o'clock . Rosormonde, Jenkins up, an
swered post calls, leading the "procession
past the grand stand, followed by Forte.
Topmast, Rosinante. Dr. Sheppard. Ar
baces and the others, each coming In for
rigid inspection. Twenty-five minutes
later the flash of a piece. of red bunting
denoted that Starter Ferguson had dls-
turning to the winner's ring in front of
the judges' stand, he was royally greeted
and Dr. Rowell nearly lost his arm shak
ing hands with friends extending congrat
ulations. When the saddle had been re
moved the floral horseshoe was placed
around . the winner's neck and a selling
plater carrying 96 pounds became famous
in a day. -
The other numbers on the programme
were not above mediocrity, first choices
being successful in but two of them. New
Moon, Lady. Britannic and Montallade
paid good returns for coin Invested on
their chances.
The sport began with a mile selling run.
which was taken by New Moon, a 6 to 1
chance, ridden by J. Ranch. The mare
was always at home in sloppy going and
won all the way. Alicia, the favorite, fin
ished second. In front, of Judge Wofford;
Rio Chico. another mudlark, proved a
handy winner of the mile and a furlong
selling affair. A pronounced favorite over
his field. Jenkins kept Willie Sink's geld
ing in front from the start, beating Stro
mo out a length. Dogtown finished a fair
third. •
A seven furlong selling run replaced the
Zoroaster-Potente race, which was de
clared off. The ten starters were a com
monplace lot. with Gauntlet ruling favor
ite. Monrovia, a heavily played one. led
into the stretch, but tired badly before
reaching the wire. The last few yards
Powell came like a streak on the 10 to 1
shot, i Lady Britannic, beating out Orion
and Captive with little to spare.
Walter Jennings scratched Bendoran
from the mile run. which left May W to
go out a 9 to 10 favorite. The flying mare
piloted by T. Walsh, made all the pace,
getting the decision from Erwin by. half
a length at the. wire. Show honors went
to Princess. Zeika. . ¦
-¦ Morinel closed favorite for the final mile
run." losing out by a- neck to the 10 to 1
outsider. Montallade. The latter outbroke
his company and was never headed. Raci
van, the second choice, came very - near
being left at the post.
BOLD BURGLAR BAGGED.
3roke Into a Stationery Store and
Stole Numerous Articles. '
Early Friday morning the stationery
store of Edward Mitchell. 225 Post i'.rcet,
vras entered and a miscellaneous assort
ment of knives, purses, fountain pens snd
other articles stolen. An entrance had
been effected by prying open the rear
Joor, presumably with a "jimmy."
The burglary was reported to Chief Sul
livan, who detailed Detectives Ryan an!
O'Dea. the clever eleutns of thesouthern
station, on the case. Last night they net
only succeeded in recovering all the stolen
property, but subsequently arrested Edwin
?mitn, whom they charged with the crime.
Smith admitted his guilt, but claimed he
had been driven to commit the deed
through hunger. •
¦ ? «
Arion Dance and Supper.
The Arion Verlen in Its new club
rooms at 421 Post street gave a most suc
cessful ball last night. Dancing was the
feature of the evening, after which an
flaborate supper was served.
The committees were as follows:
Committee of arrangements — Presi
dent. J F. Plagemann: first vice presl
dent, J. H.,Sievers; second vice presi
dent. Ed Schnutenhaus; -recording,
secretary, F. R. Kummer: financial
secretary. William Knopf; treasurer,'
G Trlttenbach. Reception committee —
Dr. Max Magnus. Henry Plagemann.
W. C. Hildebrandt. E. A. Otto, J. O.
Us. G. Rau. William John. Charles F.
Thierbach. Oscar Schmidt. H. A. Weg
*ner. George Beauchamp. Floor man
ager. George C. Snelder. Dance com
mittee—Dr. C. G. Bush, O. A. Jung
blut. Albert H. Antz, Dr. H. Sylvester.
F. E. -Wagener. J. G. Rapp. H. "G.
Plagemann.
¦ ? ¦
Tried to Kill a Beggar.
. While Charles Hobbs and Joseph Mur
phy were entering their lodgtngr-house on
.¦3llls street, above Powell, late last night.
: hey were accosted by James McNamara,
a beggar, who ' asked them for a-: small
sum. Hobbs offered the mendicant - a
chance to earn some money by sweeping
a saloon in the vicinity, whereupon Mc-
Namara struck him in the Jaw. knocking
him out. Murphy, fearing like treatment,
drew a pistol and shot at McNamara. but
missed him. Th«» police arrested both men
and charged McNamara with battery and
Murphy with assault to commit murder.
A WEALTHY "DRUNK."
Collins' Money Was Saved Before He
Beached Barbary Coast.
"W. Collins, a mechanic, entered the Cal
ifornia-street police . 3tatlon last nlgrht In
an Intoxicated condition and exhibited
over ?300 In coin. He was about to "do the
line" on Barbary Coast, and Police Officer
Nicholas Bakullch, desiring to save his
money for him. took the coin away from
him and placed a charge of drunkenness
against' him.
Services BY the Boy Evangelist.
.The boy evangelist. Jack Cook,. who has
created such a furor of .excitement in
Southern . California, will . open a cam
paign at the Howard-street Methodist
Episcopal Church this evening.
The pastor. Rev. J. A. B. Wilson, will
preach in the morning on "A Siege With
Ram's Horns and What Came of It."
Master '; Cook will preach every night of
this week and ; will : also hold meetings
every afternoon for l^oys and girls.
. . ¦ ? ¦
Kept a Roomer's Money.
. A warrant was Issued yesterday for the
arrest of P. S. .Nolan, night clerk In th«
Maine lodging-house on Kearny street,
on the charge of misdemeanor embezzle
ment. He ' Is accused by Fred Miller of
Baden, who engaged; a room Friday" night
and left $50 with him for safekeeping, of
refusing to return the money. When he
asked - for it ' yesterday 'morning Nolan
gave him -50 cents, saying it was all he
had received.
JUMPED FROM A
CAR BACKWARD
AND WAS KILLED
C. W. Wyant; Through His
Carelessness Receives
Fatal Injuries.
C." W. ;,Wyant,. a= house painter residing
at 192 Seventh street, while alighting from
a car at Twenty-ninth and Mission streets
yesterday afternoon fell to the ground and
received injuries from which he died ; a
few hours . later at the • City, and County
Hospital, where he was taken after, the
accident. , ' •:
Wyant.' according to- a statement made
by Police Officer; • Wollweber. who wit
nessed the accident, attempted to alight
from the car. backward while. the car was
in motion and .was. thrown heavily to the
street..' - .;¦-,¦-'-.
¦When picked up the man seemed' to :be
unable to move and was carried to Ryan's
drugstore. The . patrol wagon was sum
moned and the injured man was conveyed
to the City and County, Hospital,' where it
was . found his back : was badly
wrenched and his skull fractured. Wyant
diedsaf6 o'clock and his body. was re
moved to the Morgue. '
Bert Andrews v and William Jackson,
who reside at 134 California avenue, wit
nessed the accident, and both declare that
the conductor ' and motorman , were » in no
way :to blame. , as , Wyant .deliberately
Jumped backward from the car and missel
his footing. : Conductor T.- Duffy Mn mak
ing a Btatement, said ; that jWyant did not.
Bignal him to stop, the car, but suddenly
"jumped off - backward" and fell to the
ground. ¦ •
Deceased was a native of Scotland, mar
ried and about 35 years of age.
POLICE CAPTAINS MEET.
Radical Changes in Rules and Regu
lations of the Department.,
The police captains have held several
meetings during the past few days In con-
Junction with Chief Sullivan for the pur
pose of revising the rules and regulations
of the department. .Some radical : changes
were made, which promise to result in th«
betterment of the police force.
Captain of Detectives Bohen - attended
the meeting yesterday and explained the
workings of his department.
It is authoritatively announced . that r.o
changes will be made in the "upper of
fice" until the retirement of Captain Bo
hen. which is scheduled to take place in
April. . • .
Chief Sullivan has already prepared a
list of. the men who are to be reduced to
the : ranks ' and those who will ¦ succe«>i
them. Tom Ryan, who has been doing
special duty under. Captain Spillane and
who Is considered one of the ablest men
in , the i department, will in all probability
be given a place in. the "upper office." ,
Coroner's Inquest.
. Coroner Cole held, several Inquests yes
terday, and : the Jury, returned • verdicts as
follows: • - . -
- Konrad Emmel, . 617- Bryant • street. ,' sui
cide with carbolic acid; Elizabeth EwuM,
1254 Tenth avenue, accidental polsining
with carbolic acid: Chin Ah Sue. gunshot
wound inflicted' by unknown .persons*. Ig
natz >Eppertshausen. gunshot wound in
filcted by himself with suicidal lnt*»p.t;
male chfld f ound ; at ; corner of Mississippi
and Army streets; fracture of skull, cause
unknown. ---_'.' '
Special for Men.
"Shoes suitable for bankers,", doctors ;, or
lawyers'^ will be sold to-morrow and every
day 'this week for only $150 a pair/? Mark
well, these are men's shoes in either vlci
kid or box calf.' Some in tan and vesting
top worth no less than $3 50 a pair; at the
sale of shoes,' 717 Market st., near Third.*
D. N. WALTER, WELL-KNOWN
MERCHANT PASSES AWAY
Prominent Citizen Dies at His Van
Ness Avenue Besidence, Sur
rounded by. His Family.
David N. Walter, a well-known business
man, president of the D. N. & E. .Walter
& Co. (Incorporated), wholesale dealers in
carpets and upholstery at 523 Market
street, died last ¦ night at his residence,
1700 Van Ness avenue.
• David N. Walter has for many years
been a prominent member of commercial
circles of this city and a well known-fig
ure in many societies. He was known as
a charitable and public-spirited citizen,
always devoted to the best Interests of
the community. Deceased leaves a widow,
two sons, Clarence R. and Herbert D., and
two daughters. Mrs. Moses Heller and
Mrs. Abe Mertief.
The Interment will be at Home of Peace
Cemetery •on - Monday morning.
, Deceased was a native of Germany. 62
years of age. The entire family was
present at ; his bedside . when he passed
away.
¦ m »
"SAPHO" MAY NOT SHOW HERE.
No Definite Arrangements Have Been
; Made: lor Its Production in
¦ San. Francisco.
'.'• There Is still a question whether the San
Francisco theater-goers will be given an
opportunity -'of seeing "Sapho," the play
that has jarred the prudes of Gotham. A'
few days ago it. was announced that- the
Nethersole version of the racy piece was
. to be produced at the Alcazar, but this is
denied emphatically In a New . York tele
gram'to The Call from the owner of the
rnjiTirht' - ntpßlllllllilHyilf**TWfflir^7 J 'TfWnrTnnil
'There are many versions of the produc
tion, butnooe that;compare with the one
that' has shocked New York. Mark
Thall,* one •• of . the managers -of the Alca
zar,: said 'last night that he would not'
know until ' this week if the piece would
be produced at bis playhouse.
; Pages 23 to 32 \
- ?? ?????????????????????
SAN FRAXCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
: Pages 23 to 32 !
•????????? ? + ??? + + ++ + + + } +*:
- •- ¦"^^¦ r Wi^*-w i «w^*B**^ <% .
ANOTHER Burns handicap has been
run. and again the colors of Dr. H.
E. Rowell were borne by the suc
cessful horse — this time Imperious.
When rain began falling during tne
•wee. small hours of the morning the
chances of Rosinante and several others
were considered pone, but this downpour
from the heavens did not dampen the
ardor of the sport-loving community ono
whit, for over 12.000 people passed through
the turnstiles. It was the greatest gath
ering that ever assembled to see the event
decided, and for the first time in its his
tory the favorite won. Many recalled the
capture of this same rich plum in ''.SOS uy
Satsuma. carrying Dr. Rowell's colors,
and when "Pug" Devin on Imperious,
which horse ran coupled with Malay,
headed the faltering Pat Morrissey at the
paddock and passed the judges' stand an
easy winner it was deservedly a popular
victory for the son of Morello. and his
rider received a tumultuous ovation on
returning to the stand.
Nothing like the crush in the betting
ring ha* ever been seen on a California
track before. Pandemonium reigned su
preme, and ingress to and egress trom
w \
ORSE.
Rider.
Wt. I Time.
I
IBS 6 Wh'l of Fortune Sh»w 105 tX#Si.
IS9T Rulrmrt Bergen.... U« 2:0« i
I
IS«S ISatsunia !H. Shields 123 2:OTVi
_.„ _ ... I I.
1599 Fleur <le LlB....iSpencer ... 11« 2:13H
IS<» ;Imr«-louB Devin | SS | 2:10
w \
ORSE.
Rider.
Wt. I Time.
I
IBS 6 Wh'l of Fortune Sh»w 105 tX#Si.
IS9T Rulrmrt Bergen.... U« 2:0« i
I
IS«S ISatsunia !H. Shields 123 2:OTVi
_.„ _ ... I I.
1599 Fleur <le LlB....iSpencer ... 11« 2:13H
IS<» ;Imr«-louB Devin | SS | 2:10fused to disgrace him in any such man*
ncr, thus precipitating the hostilities.
The highbinder war Is as far from a set
tlement as at the beginning of the trouble-,
and the sentiment against the Suey Sing
tong may serve to prolong the struggle. ¦
CIRCULAR MAY CAUSE
CLASH IN CHINATOWN
FLY CASTERS AT DINNER.
The regular monthly meeting and dln
cer of the San Francisco Flycastlng Club
will be held on Tu2sday evening at 6:30
o'clock. There will be music and stories
and a general exchange of views regard
lne the forthcoming opening of the trout
fishing season.
GROWERS ARE JUBILANT.
Progress Reported by. Committee on
the Jamaican Treaty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March J.— At this
morning's meeting of the executive com
mittee of the California Citrus Growers'
tariff committee much was presented to
encourage the members In the belief that
the battle against the ratification of the
Jamaican and French treaties would have
abundant fruit.
The fact that United States Senator
Perkins had introduced yesterday a peti
tion of protest signed by 15,000 Callfor
nlans and thirty-five commercial organi
zations against . the treaties received fa
vorable comment. The committee thinks
that the publicity the presentation gave
overrides the statements previously made
by Chairman Davis that few protests had
been filed from California, --• ¦ ¦- ¦¦:
This felicitation was heightened when
a telegram was received from M. J. Dan
iels, the delegate in Washington repre
senting the committee. Captain Daniels
says the California Congressional dele
gation yesterday stirred the Senate when
the solid delegation protested against the
treaties. Daniels further says the oppo
sition may have a majority vote but that
It lacks the two-thirds vote necessary to
ratify the treaties. ¦/• ¦¦-. .;." "- r: :"
MOISE HELD FOR TRIAL.
Impersonator of Captain Clark Placed
Under Bonds.
NE"W ORLEANS. March . S.-Julius
Molse, whose sensational marriage to
Miss -Bertha Warnken of Dayton, Ohio,
under the name of "Captain Clark. - was
arraigned before Commissioner Craig of
the United States Court to-day on the
charge of impersonating a Government
officer. He was committed to the high
court under a bond of $1000. .
RACING - BOXING * SPORTS OF THE DAY * COURSING- GOLF
JACK KITCHEN
TO REFEREE THE
AMATEUR BOUTS
Will Pass Upon the Boxing
in the Championship
Tournament
Crack Amateurs of the East Will
Arrive This Morning— Will Train
In Olympic Club Gym
nasium.
The) officials of the. Olympic Athletia
Club having In charge tho forthcoming'
amateur championship boxing tournament
have selected "Jack" Kitchen for the- all-
Important position of referee. Mr. Kit
chen has earned the- reputation of beini?
one of the cleverest boxers ever developed
on this coast. He Is prominently Identi
fied with the Reliance Athletic Club of
Oakland, which has no boxers entered In
the tournament. . - .
The Eastern boxers and wrestlers . ar»
due In this city this morning- at 10: «
o'clock. Leader John A. Hammersmith
and other officials of the Olympic Club
will cross the bay on the 9 a. m. boat ami
will welcome their guests, meetln^them
at Sixteenth-street station. The party
will come at once to this city. Apart*
menu have been secured within a block
of the clubhouse, where the athletes will
make their headquarters during their stay
here.
Al Lean, who has trained the University
of California football team for some
years, will attend to the physical want j
of the men. having been retained by th»
Olympic. Club officials for that purpose.
The registration committee of the Pa
cific Association Amateur Athletic Union
has been busy for some days passing upon
the credentials of the amateurs who have?
entered. No one will be allowed to com
pete in the tournament unless he presents
a registration card.
BETTORS MAKE
ROYAL FLUSH A
STAKE FAVORITE
Frank A. McComb's Grey
hound Is Picked to Win
at Union Park.
Coursing Ooes On Without Interrup
tion at Union Park and Ingleside
]&th Notwithstanding Adverse
Weather Conditions.
? ¦
Despite the unfavorable .weather and
the counter attention at the racetrack a
fair attendance of enthusiasts witnessed
the run-down yesterday of the open stake
at Union Coursing Park. Frank McComb's
Royal Flush has been installed a strong
favorite in the betting, the. best odds ob
tainable against him being 2 to 1. In his
one course yesterday he nearly shut out
Belle Clair. Next in demand are Rona,
Crawford Braes, Brutus and Master Clair,
all being held at 6 to L Narcissus . and
Theron are held at 1 to 1; Lady Clare,
Maud S and For Glory, 8 to 1, and Craw
ford Lad, 10 to 1. .< ' '
The surprise of the day was the defeat
of Bohe by Random Aim at odds cf 1 to
5. Bohe ran listlessly and showed she has
not recovered her old-time form. . Terron
ite beat Jessica at 1 to 5. Risky Attempt
ran two undecided courses with Green
Valley Maid before he finally defeated her.
The dogs still left in the running are of
the highest class and are closely matched.
Some even coursing is expected when they
meet to-day. The results yesterday, with
Judge John Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake — T. J. Cronin's Vandal beat Cur
tis & Son's McKinley, 3—2; H. H. Gray's Rona
beat P. J. Relll^s Warship, B—2; D. J. Hea
ley's Grenada beat B. Baumelster'a Warrior,
6—o; C. B. Charlesworth's Crawford Uraes beat
Al Austin's Los Angeles, 10—0; J. M. Haltcm's
Lavender beat Connell Brothers' Log Boy.
4—l; Pasha Kennels' Recording Angel a bye,
Clara Barton drawn; J. P. Thrift's Brutud beat
M. Mlchalek's Old Glory, 6—4; Curtis & Son'«
Terronlte beat J. L. Ross' Jessica, 4—2;4 — 2; O.urtls
& Son's Vulcan beat P. J. RelUy's Royal Unk-n,
5—3; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael beat T. Logan's
Miss Grizzle. *— 1; Maher & Reid's Uncle Fuller
beat Curtis & Son's. Commodore, 4—l;4 — 1; H.
Lynch* I.oitie M beat J. McEnroe's Admiral
Sampson, 3—l; D. J. Healer's Lady Clare beat
Aeneld Kennels' Agamemnon, ft— o; J. P.
Thrift's Forget beat Curtis & Son's Cash, 2—o;
Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne beat Curtis &
Son's Echo, 8—1; Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Master Clair beat Sterl &¦ Knowles' Sleety
Mist, 1&-4: Steri & Knowles' For Glory beat
T. J. Cronin's Thornhlll, 6—o; J. H. Perigo's
Controller beat Aeneid Kennels' Maid bf Erin,
6— l; E M. KelloKg's Kid McCoy beat Pasha
Kennels' Rollicking Airs, 2—l; 3. Maher's Be
nicla Boy beat J. H. Perigo's Lady Davenport,
4—o;4 — 0; Curtis A Son's Narcissus beat M. Mlcha
lek's Glen Roy. s—o; J. H. Harrison's Hot
Haste beat H. Lynch's Lexington, 3—2; Erwln
& Lyon's May Queen a bye, Rest Assured
drawn; Gus Abercromble's Rock Island Boy
beat J. L. Ross' Just Tip, 4—o; P. J. Kellly's
Plough Boy beat T. Logan's Honor Bright,
6—o;6 — 0; Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas beat Dan O'Con
nell's Satan, s—O; H. A. Deckelman's Rocker
beat H. H. Gray's Terronette, s—o;5 — 0; Curtis &.
Son's Maud S beat J. McEnroe's Stonehenire,
6—o; Motif* & Reid's Bad Boy beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's One Spot, 4—l4 — 1- Curtis & Son's Flying
Fox beat P. Doyle's wild , Monarch, E—o;E — 0; E.
M. Kellogg's Sweet Emma beat E. Geary's
America, 6—o; D. Winder's Risky Attempt beat
R. E. de B. Lopez's Green Valley Maid, :
R. E. de B. Lopez's Wonder beat H."- A. Deck
elman's Flyaway, 3—o;3 — 0; D. Winder's Random
Aim beat J. H. Perigo's Bohe, 4—o; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Royal Flush beat Russell,. Allen &
Wilson's Belle Clair. 6-1; J. L. Ross' J L R
beat Pallia Kennels' May Hempstead. 4—o;4 — 0;
George Whitney's Th<»ron beat J. Sheridan's
Forest King. 3—l;3 — 1; J. CDowd's Shootover beat
J. D. Cardlnell's Thornhlll Comet, 6—o; Bterl
6. Knowles' Ollta beat Connell Brothers' Kll
kelly, 6—l; N. P. Whiting's Mlnneola beat-O.
Abercromble's Rock Island King. 7— l; N. P.
Whiting's St. Anthony beat G. Abercromble's
Victor King, 3—l;3 — 1; Pasha Kennels' * Re-Annex
beat Aeneid Kennels' Athena, E — S; R. E. de
B. Lopez's Crawford Lad beat Curtis & Son's
Terrona. 4—2; R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot beat
J. Sheridan's Forest Queen, 8—1; R. L. Taylor's
Mose beat J. M. Carroll's Columbia, 14-^2; J.
Keenan's Royal Oak beat Connell Brothers'
Master Morse. 6—l; Erwln & Lyon's Silver
Lyon beat M. London's Magneto. S—o;S — 0; Curtis
& Son's Vanity Fair beat J. Keenan's Black
lock. 5-0.
According to an old custom the dogs
which ran first, second and third in both
the John Grace challenge cup stake and
in the Belle Brandon cup stake will be
paraded before the spectators at Union
Park to-day. They will be gayly decked
with ribbons and flowers after the man
ner 'of a dog show.
Fetter Free, a full brother to Kor Free
dom, Is the latest addition to the grey
hound ranks. He arrived from England
on Saturday, having been purchased by
James Lawlor, the boxer.. He. was a con
sistent performer in England and" was
picked as a probable winner of the Wa
terloo last year. He will not be fit for
competition for some time, as he did not
stand the long Journey well. ' :» "'
AT INGLESIDE PARK.
Several short ends landed in the run
down of the open stake at Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday. Valley Forge,
at 1 to 7, Red Hind at 1 to 5 and Master
Lawrence at 1 to 2% were the best. The
latter beat out imported Bluestone with a
score of 7 to 1 and was well played. Fal
lowing are the day's results, with the of
ficial scores:
Open stake— F. McComb's Miss Skyrocket twat
J. I. O'Brien's Good Times. 6—l: Kay Brothers'
Hawker beat Joe Watkins' Merciless" 6—o:6 — 0: J
O'Shea's Xiiung America beat W. Morgan's
Royal Lottie. 6—o; S. R. Mount's Sam's Folly
beat Corkery & Hore's Douglas, s—o; J. Car
rol's Auckland beat 11. A. Deckelman's Prince
Geonre, 19—5: P. Horgan's Manila beat Joe
Watkins' Merciful, 6—l: Jeff Martlnett's Buxton
beat J. McNeil's Black Hawk, 2-0; - Russell.
Allen A - Wilson's Chicago beat W. Stark's
Thunderbolt, 4% — 0: Captain Kane's Greenhall
beat F. Moran's Bit of Fashion. S— l; K. M.
Kellogg's Ben's Babe beat A. Vanderwhlte's
Cyrmo, 2—o;2 — 0; A. M. Austin's Firm Fo« beat
Lowe & Thompson's Little Fullerton, 7—l; J.
ITolden's .Scottish Chief beat F. C. Mack's
Delia M, 4—3; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Julius
Caesar beat P. Rellly's Beauty Rose, 11—1; M.
Tlernan's Mary Ann beat J. McEnroe's Nor-
West, S— o: Joe Perry's Commodore Nash beat
D. Hooper's Morse Patrol, 4—2; E. M. Kellogg' s
lowa Boy beat J. T. Harrington's Beau Peep,
4— S; F. McComb's Little Sister beat.J. McEn
roe's Magic Circle, 7—o; A. T. Leonard's May
flower beat Bartel Brothers' Baron Blood, 7 — t;
A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat W. Morgan's Blue
Rattler. s—o; M. Dunlea's Erin beat T. Mur
phy's Tea Rose, -5— 2: A. Vanderwhlte's Mas
ter Gordon a bye; D. Toland's Twilight Jr.. beat
M. Tlernsn's Van Brox, 6—l;E.6 — 1;E. D. ¦ McCor
mack'a Valley Forge beat P. Horgan's Lucretla
Borgia.. 3— 2; J. I. O'Brien's Statesman beat
George W. Lee's Alarue, 6— l; F. McComb's
Motto beat E. M. KellogK*s Hummer, 3—l: J.
Carrol's Red Hind beat Connell Brothers' Mamla
Pleasant, D— o; Bartel Brothers' Mac's Melody
beat J. Seggerson's Gold Hill, 7—l; Lowe &
Thompson's St. Oran beat J. Mooney*s Silent
Treasure, 6—l; J. I. O'Brien's Wandering Tom
beat A. Johnson's Lowlander, S — 4: J. R.
Smith's Victor Queen beat J- C. Smith's Sen
sation, 8—0; J. R. Smith's Magic beat J. Seg
gerson's Candelaria, 6—2;6 — 2; D. Toland's' Pleasant
Girl beat M. Tiernan's Klldare. 6— 4: Lowe &
Thompson's Flora McDonald beat Bartel Broth
ers' Betsy Barrow, 4—3; F. Mack's Jesse Moore
beat D.'Kahler*s Belle of Moscow, 6— 4; Bartel
Brothers' Beer Brewer beat H. A. Deckelman's
Snapshot, 6—2; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Miss
Penman beat E. . M. Kellogg's Lady. Gilmore.
4— 2; A. T. Leonard's Master Lawrence beat
J. ¦ Carrol's . Bluestone, - 7—l; E. M. Kelloxg's
lowa Maid beat T. J. McHugh's Moss Rose.
4—O; H. A. Deckclman'B Lawrence beat "Jeff
Martlnett's Slim, 6-0;- J. Watkins' Gladiator
beat T. A. GafTney's Sir John Arnott, -3—l.
REVOLT IN PERU.
Five Hundred Soldiers Sent to Sub-
-.. due Rebels. '
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her-
aid.. Copyrighted, 1900, by the New; York
Herald Company. ¦ ?.' v
LIMA. March B.— Colonel Parra, Minister
of Home Affairs, has left herewith 500 sol
diers to subdue . a revolt .in the I Depart
ment of Amazmas. He .will-also act as
special delegate of the Government in
Iquetos. ? , .. .-¦" ¦•! .-,
There have been serious inundations in
Moquega, which Is on the southern coast
of Peru. The town: has suffered much
damage- -
Tourists in the South.
LOS ANGELES, March 3.— An estimate
just completed by; the Chamber of Com
merce in conjunction with; the; hotel men
and railroads shows there are now 20.000
tourists in Southern California. The total
number for the season is placed at 30.000.
This is the largest . tourist season South
ern California has ever known. ;
Again Managing Editor.
V DENVER, March 3.— William Staploton,
who* for ' ten years before "January; IS9B,
was managing editor jof i the , Denver.' Re
publican; will, to-morrow, resume that-po
sition. Before coming to Denver Mr. Sta
pleton was . connected with the St s Louis
Globe-Democrat and the Chicago News.
RADICALS RAISE AN UPROAR.
President Suspends Sitting of Italian
Deputies.
-ROME,- Marcn 3.— As was anticipated,
the. discussion of -the articles of the bill
known as the decree law/which gives the
Government exceptional power in apply
ing certain, measures in the maintenance
of public law. led to- obstructive tactics on
the part of the Radical Deputies and to a
Bcene in the Chamber. . ... ...
At a previous . sitting the Radicals en
deavored to obstruct the first reading of
the bill, but the Government. scored a vic
tory, oy a vote of confidence. . ?.'.
/To-day's discussion. of the articles gave
rise to wild" scenes of . disorder, and tl.-c
Radicals made such a commotion that th«
President: of .the, Chamber suspended the
sitting. ' . . ¦ .
Anti-Saloon League.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. WOODLAND,' March' 3.-^An anti-saloon
league has I been - organized In .Woodland
and a .campaign Is to be Inaugurated all
over the county. .
Wheelmen Reorganize.
The reorganization of the California As
sociated Cycling Clubs underthe title Cal
ifornia Associated Cyclers • was effected
last night. Acting President J.* A Wood
son .presented a new constitution and by
laws, which were adopted. The board of
governors is dor.c away with, and in its
stead is an executive committee. Under
the new order an annual meeting of the
association will be held the third Tuesday
in April, at which time officers. will be
elected. .Track racing has* been placed
under, the control of the National Cycling
Association, the local association main
taining its hold on the road racing inter
ests. . -. . :- ¦¦¦ ...- ....-." mr : ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mali
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who bad bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who writ*. It
ta a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness)
resulting; from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home. .
The remedy has a peculiarly jrratsfat
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location flvlns; strensrtH
and development just where It is needed.
It cures .all.- the Ills and. troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been aa absolute
success In all esses. A renuest -to the
State Medical w lnetltnte.. 828 ElektMs
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. statins; that
you desire. one. of their fre* trial pack-
ages will be complied with proraptlyTTh*
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
rreat class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, 'nd the rree
¦ample will enable them to see how easy
It Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. Th«
Institute makes no restrictions.. Anr man
who writes will bO sent a free sample
carefuly < sealed In ¦•»¦- plain package m»
that Its recipient need hays no • f mx of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers) an
requested to write without delay.
has left its mark upon rich and poor alike.
The dreadful shame and distress of dis
honorable acts have entered exalted
homes as well as the habitations of the
lowly. Sadness and sorrow have come to
all classes alike, and the pastors of the
city are begging the Supervisors not to
disgrace themselves by submitting to the
gamblers.
It seems almost incredible that honor
able men should seriously consider the
proposed scheme, which has not a single
honest or reputable advocate to advance
its cause. - The -gamblers have taken no
pains to disguise their plans and their
hopes. They are boasting that they have
"fixed" twelve of the Supervisors. There
was a time when the "nxlng" of Super
visors was an ordinary business trans
action. Then it was that Supervisors had
a marketable value. They were quoted
on 'Change and were bought and sold as
cattle are bought and sold. It created no
comment then to declare that Supervisors
had been "fixed." but the champions of
reform have educated the people of this
city to a higher standard of public mo
rality.
. People believe now 'that' Supervisors
cannot be ."fixed," that .they are not for
sale and that they are honorable men who
resent a reflection upon ¦ their personal
honesty. The boast of the gamblers there
fore that twelve members of "the board
have been "fixed" to vote for 'a measure
which is notoriously inimical to public
morals and policy shocks -the people of
this city more than it formerly did. The
gamblers' have been given a full and im
partial hearing. Indeed, they have been
greatly favored, for Supervisor Tobin,
who appears to be the only member of
the Police Committee of the Supervisors
having the right of independent action,
considers that the pleading .of men for
their homes and loved ones Is a huge joke.
The gamblers -have said frankly and
plainly that they are willing to pay San
Francisco *SOO for the privilege of preying
upon the city. Supervisor Tobin thinks
that the bird to be plucked is worth $4000.
but such a difference of opinion > is imma
terial. The loss. of one man's honor can
not be repaid by JSOO or $4000. . and ' San
Francisco has registered the disgrace and
utter ruin <tf scores of men and women,
whether more men and women are
to be dragged down rests with the Super
visors, and to-morrow the decision will
be made. : -
TO-MORROW the Supervisors will de
cide whether the people of San
Francisco are to be cursed by
the tvil of racecourse gambling. The
lesue is perhaps clearer than it ever
was before in the history of the
city. The measure which Supervisor To
bin has Introduced and which he will rec
ommend for adoption has no sponsor ex
cept himaelf and the gamblers. Mr. Tobln
has aeeured the public that horse owners
and horse breeders favor his resolution,
but he has produced nobody to support his
assertion. On the other hand, every de
cent influence in San Francisco is emphat
ically opposed to the resolution. Men of
&11 classes realize that the future of the
city la in danger and they will do all in
their power to prevent the perpetration of
the proposed outrage.
To business men the question presents a
serious financial problem. Through the
influence of the racecourse this city has
lost many hundreds of thousands of dol
lar* In actual thefts, robberies and em
bezzlemente. Employes in every depart
ment of trade and commercial life have
proved recreant to tb£ir trust and have
aiesipated the money of their employers
on the racetrack and in the poolrooms.
Demoralization has overwhelmed many
bui>ine«6 institutions, and merchants and
bankers have been forced to employ de
tective agencies to shadow the men In
their service.
Enormous sums have been expended by
the people in prosecuting men and women
who have fallen through the racecourse.
Eastern gamblers and blacklegs have been
Induced to come to San Francisco with a
hope of profit and ill gotten gain through
the track. The people of the city have
been made the victims of ¦ the. cleverest
sharpers on the continent, and the result
has found expression in the reportn of vio
lent deeds and desperate acts. The mer
chants and the entire commercial commu
nity are united therefore in a protest
against the reopening of the track and the
revival of its gambling.
Equally vehement in their protest
agalnet the contemplated outrage are the
ministers and clergyman cf this city.
Neither class ncr creed forms a part of
this agltatloa. The evil of the racecourse
TWO thousand circulars, which ar»
likely to cause a clash between the
Chinese Consul General and the Six
Companies on one side and a number
of wealthy and influential merchants
on the other, were distributed
throughout Chinatown last night. In sub
stance the document accuses the two first
parties with dereliction of duty and makes
suggestions as to how the present high
binder war could be brought to a dose. Two
Important hints are given in the circular—
,the first that when Chinese are arrested for
carrying, concealed weapons the Six Com
panies should prevent their friends from
furnishing ball money, employing attor
neys or paying fines; ar.d the second that
when highbinders are convicted for such
offenses they should serve a ¦ long term
and afterward be deported to China. The
•xpense of such deportation, it Is claimed,
should be paid by the - Six Companies.
There are but thirty; or forty highbinders
who do murder in this city, and the en
tire expense involved would not amount
to more than 14000. Th* circular la anony
mous, except in stating that it was In
spired by wealthy merchants whose trade
has suffered by tong vars and who wish
to see peace reign.-
The Chinese Consul stated yesterday
that every assistance is being given to the
tongs against the Suey Sings to crush the
latter. They have • terrorized Chinatown
for years, and now that odds 'are against
them efforts. will be made to stamp -them
out of, existence. The statement that tho
tongs of, the Sam Yups and See Yups
would combine and . engage . in open war
fare is ridiculed.. not only by the Consul,
but by every one conversant with Chinese
matters. While the =- warring tongs . are
factions of either, society, many of their
associate tongs are on friendly. term's and
have thus far showed a" disposition to
bring about peace. ; : ;. ,
- The cause of the present difficulty is at
tributed to Dong Gong, the well-known In
terpreter, who is a member of the Sin Sue
Ylng, and i who ; insisted that I Horn Sing,
the. Suey Sing -man aceused- of -insulting
the .Wai Tin* woman, -. be ¦ charged : wtth
attempted highway robbery In the circular
that • announced . his expulsion from , the
tong. Sing was not guilty of highway rob
bery,'and. the Suey Sings Indignantly ra-
Valuable Suggestions Given That May Crush
the Highbintfer Element and Stop the
Carrying of Concealed Weapons.
Public Sentiment Is Unanimous Against
the Reopening of Ingleside.
Citizens Will Plead With the Supervisors to Pre
vent the Contemplated Outrage on the
People of the City.
Tongs of the See Yups and Sam Yups
Will Not Combine for Warfare. ;
BOAST OF THE GAMBLERS
AROUSES INDIGNATION
McClellan Makes Counter Charges.
NEW ORLEANS. March 3.— Orris E.
McClellan, the wealthy drydock man,
whose wife entered suit for divorce
against him last week in Chicago, mak
ing sensational charges, filed a counter
pult here to-day. The papers in the case
were withdrawn without having been
made public after they were filed.
On Adams Point Links.
The second half of the home-and-home
match between eight ladies of the San
Francisco Golf Club and a like number
of th« Oakland Golf Club did not take
place yesterday on account of the heavy
rain. Several ladies gathered at the club
house and Adams Point and some mals
enthusiasts, among them being F. S.
Stratton. who went round the course.
The ladles' team match will be played
next Saturday.
The following scores have recently
been made by Oakland golfers for thirty
eix holes: J. C. McKee. 193: F. S. Strat
ton, 192; H. E. Knowles, 201; E. R. Fol
ger, 2W; \V. P. Johnson, 2W: C. P. Hub
bard, 211; P. G. Gow, 211: H. H. Smith,
217; H. Goodall, 22u; — Hutchlnson, 220;
J. Ames, £2S. P. E. Bowles. Vail Bake
well and P. Williams have still to play.
The twelve players making the best
(•cores will be considered the scratch
players of the club. Willie Anderson and
Horace Rawlins will go down to Coro
nado this week and will play '.n a tourna
ment there against Alexander Smith, the
Instructor of the Coronado Golf Club.
YACHTSMEN OUTLINE
THE SEASON'S CRUISES
The Corinthians Prepare Sailing Pro-
gramme and Discuss Proposed
Changes in Racing Rules.
The San Francisco Yacht Club members
met at the Merchants' Exchange on Wed
nesday evening. The following owners
were present: Ex-Commodore I. Gutte of
the schooner Chispa, J. R. Savory of the
sloop Juanita, L. Q. Haven of the launch
Alberta and George D. Campbell of the
cutter Folly. Commodore . W. N/ McCar
thy was busy fixing gas rates and was
unable to be present. No business was
transacted. ->' '
On the same evening at the same place
the yachtowners o, the Corinthian Tacht
Club met to draw up a sailing programme
for the season and to discuss some propos
ed changes in the racing rules. Commo
dore H. D. Hawks occupied the chair and
offered a programme of events. The open
ing will be April 28, on which day there
will be a ladles' reception in the after
noon, with dancing and a variety enter
tainment. The ladles will return to the
city by the 5:40 boat. In the evening there
will be a Corinthian supper and jinks. On
Sunday the opening cruise will J-ake
place under signal from the flagship May.
On May 12 there will be a cruise to Val
lejo, returning next day, and on Decora
tion day the annual regatta will take
place over the channel course. Other
dates were arranged In their sequence.
The one-gun start was adopted for all
races and the racing rules of the club
were amended. The bridge will be raised
on March IS to let out the yachts and arks
which have been moored there during the
winter. The flagship May has already left
the lagoon and has been taken up on
Swanson's ways for a drying-out and gen T
eral overhauling. She will be stiffened by
the insertion of a. false keel. _ The .newly
elected board of the Corinthian
Club held a meeting on Thursday evening,
at which the business connected with, the
entertainment . recently given In Native
Sons' Hall in this city, was settled. The
net profits of the show are nearly $800.
E. C. Bartlett, recording secretary of
the San Francisco Yacht Club, has sold
tho yawl Frolic, which was at one time
owned by Commodore C. H. Harrison of
the Pacific Yacht Club. She was modeled
by Herrlck and built :by Somers, and.
though one of the oldest yachts on the
bay. was so well built, that when she was
overhauled last year It was not found
necessary to replace any of her Planks.
She has an over-all lengthy of 48:10 feet
and a beam of 16:03 feet. The purchasers
readily acceded to Bartlett s price and
will sail to- Cape Nome as soon as they
have provisioned her.
Charles L. Fair's gasoline launch Lu
cero. which for several months lay off
Sessions Basin, East Oakland, is now at
her Sausailto moorings, as also Is E. w.
Hopkins' steam yacht El Primero, the
only craft of her claa3 in- these waters.
During the winter El Primero lay at An
tioch in charge of .Captain Thaxter, who
has been master of . her ever since she
was launched; but whose illness compelled
him to retire about two months ago.
Captain A. I. Lowell of the lightship has
resigned and taken command -of El Pri
mero. •' • j :. •
The San Francisco Yacht Club will open
the season April 14. on : which day the
yachts will dress ship and receive visit
ors. In the evening there will be a dance
In the clubhouse and next day a cruise In
squadron. Harry Dot has dpclded to char
ter C. Chlttenden's yawl- Phyllis for the
coming season and will sail with the San
Franclscos;. A new suit of ways has been
built .by Smith of Sausalito, who . has
charge of the club ways. Ex-Commodore
T. L. Hill Is preparing the sloop Cygnus
for the coming season. v Vice Commodore
H.- R. Slmpklns' yawl Tramontana • has
been brought down from her winter quar
ters at Antioch and is lying off Sausalito.
She will be strengthened and later in the
year will cruise to " Santa : Catallna, in
company with E. A. ¦•Wiltsee's schooner
A esie. ¦BHSB^SSHHBMiHBnH
SCULLERS PREPARING
FOR ACTIVE PRACTICE
Anticipate Busy Season In Barge and
' Shell .Racing — May Change
; Lines of Skiffs.'
The Alameda Boating Club gave a suc
cessful dinner to about fifty of Its mem
bers last Saturday, at which a pleasant
time was enjoyed. Last Sunday was an
active day at the clubhouse and on the
creek, four barge crews and half a dozen
outrigger skiff men being out for practice.
The ciub * for some tund contemplated
making considerable additions to its quar
ters, which are- inadequate to accommo
date its increasing membership, but it has
been decided to spend its available funds
in getting more boats. Al Rogers, tha
boat builder, is of the opinion that a skiff
to be fast; ought- not. to have more than
three laps on the sides. He thinks that
six laps, as at present required by the
rules of : the Pacific Association, are too
many, as they must be much tapered at
bow and stern and are consequently weak.
So far as can be seen there is nothing in
the rules to prevent the seams being
lapped inside- the ' boat, thus leaving a
smooth outside: surface. John A. Ham
mersmith ¦ and Herbert Randlett were
elected members of the Alameda Boating
Club at its last meeting. S. J. Pembroke;
the well known Alameda sculler, will closa
up his business in this city in about a
month and go to Cape Nome. He
already has a son at Dawson. F. W.
Ayers, stroke of the Alameda champion
barge crew, intends to enter for the out
rigger skiff championship this year and
expects to make A. \V. Pape and Dr. C.
C. Dennis work to retain their laurels.
The Olympic Boat Club will display
more activity this season than it has done
for some time past. Already, several mem
bers are going over to the Tiburon boat
house on Sundays, and Captain Charles
Letghton hopes to get together a crew
that can- do good work in the four-oared
shell owned by the club.. The Arlels also
proposo to take up shell rowing, and the
Pioneers have a four-oared shell in their
boathouse that has seen little service in
recent years. It is reported that the oars
men of Stockton are showing signs of
awakening and hope to send a good crew
to the Astoria regatta. This Important
aquatic event is held under the manage
ment of the Pacific Coast Rowing Asso
ciation of Amateur. Oarsmen, which was
organized at Astoria on August 24 of last
year. The president is G. C. Fulton or
the Astoria Rowing Club, and the board
of directors includes S. J. Pembroke, Dr.
£. C. Dennis W. C Espy. A. P. Roth
kopf John R. Bockman, George James
ana James Hopper. ¦ •¦. p
The Ariel Rowing Club Is in" a prosper
ous condition, and If It has to seek new
quarters will build a handsome boathouse,
with a gymnasium and a handball court.
The club will probably be able to raise all
the money necessary for this purpose
among its own members without seeking
aid from outsiders. -
Time— % :2«- H, :51- %. 1:17; mile, 1:44. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner. J. G.
Brown & Co.'s b. r-. by Montana-Fusillade's Last. Montallade away best, and splendidly
handled Mamie G might have won with a more experienced boy up. Raclvan almost left.
Scratched— Dara II 112, Rainier 100. Bitter Alloe 109. Don Luis 109.
S7B. FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; puree, $500.
CHINESE ILLEGALLY
LANDED IN MARIN
Four Mvn Who Had No Certlncate*
-• Found In One of the Fish
ing Camps.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
SAN RAFAEL., March &— Inspector
John C. Lynch of the. Chines*' Bureau
mads a raid on the fishing: camps at Cali
fornia City* to-day, resulting In the arrest
of four Chinese who were seeking: to H
lepally enter the country.
For some time past It has been inspected
here 'that Chinese were being smusxlel
Into the United States through the flshin<
camps." Acting: on Information lodgei wit*i
him. Lynch, accompanied by Deputy F1s*i
Commissioner Alfonso Miller and Consta
ble George Agnew, left this morning for
California City. The whole camp of over
300 Celestials w:as lined up on the beach
and the officers demanded of each his cer
tificate.. Four of the men. Ah Chung, Ah
Sam, Ah Choy and Ah Suey. could not
produce theirs and were arrested. Ah Ssm
presented a clumsy forgery, on -which ha
was described as being a merchant wortn
$30,000. All the arrested men were takrn
to San Francisco after being: formally
charged before "Judge Gardner, and will
be handed over to the United States Mar.
shal to.be deportetJ- at «n e*rlydater- A*%
Chung tried to effect an escape by leapln*
through a window, and the officers had .4
lively chase before his recapture. . :
Doremus Is Found.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS, ANGELES. March I.— Several
weeks ago Theron E. Doremus. the paretic
of -Upper Mount Clair, N. J.; who ' was
found in a Los Angeles lodging-house, was
started;* in" care of J. Mitchell, for i his
Eastern home. On reaching Chicago Do
remus mysteriously disappeared from tha
depot while waiting to make necessary
train connections. All search by the Chi
cago police force failed to locate the wan
derer. A telegram received to-day an
nounces that Doremus while in the Ch»
cago depot suffered a relapse of his mil
ady, and through telegrams was traced
to the home of a sister residing at Engl*
wood, sixty miles from Chicago. He can
not account for his second disappearanca
any more than he c,ould explain how ha
came to be^ln Los Angeles.
TURFMEN IN TROUBLE.
Davis & Dunn's Entries Refused by
New Orleans Stewards.
NEW ORLEANS. March 3.— After fully
investigating the Nekarnls case the stew
ards have decided to continue the suspen
sion of the horse indefinitely and to re
fuse all further entries from the stable
of Davis & Dunn. Track fast Results:
Six furlongs— Fleuron won. Miss Mac Day
second. Jamaica third. Time, 1:15.
Half mile. two-y^ar-old»— Choice won, Fran
ces Rela second. Anxious third. Time, 0:48^.
Steeplechase, short course, handicap—Cheese
mlte won. Princess Murphy second, Phil Becker
third. Tinje. 2:12.
Oakland nandicap, mile and a quarter— Sidney
Lucas won Wolhurst second, AJ Fresco third.
Time. 2:(#£.
Mile and three eighths, celling— Pat Garrett
won, Admetus second. Goose Uver third. Time,
2:23.
Mile. 6elllr>g— L. T. Caton won, Banrlca sec
ond. Nellie Prince third. Time, 1:43.
Seven furlongs, selling— Racebud won. Prince
Real eecond. Meddlesome third. Time, 1:23.
LIPTON WILL TRY AGAIN.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, ISOO, by the New York
Herald Company.
LONDON. March 4.— Reid Macway. the
curgeon of the Shamrock, lecturing at
Pitloehry, in Scotland, said that O. L.
Watson told him that Sir Thomas Llpton
had asked him to design a yacht with
which he would challenge for the America
cup next year. Sir Thomas Upton docs
not care whether it be a Fife or a "Watson
boat, but he is determined to lift that
cup.
Swimming Record Lowered.
BOSTON', March 3.— E. C. Schaeff-r of
the University of Pennsylvania not only
added another swimming victory vo his
already long list at the Sportsman's show
to-night, but created a new record for 200
yards, reducing the time from 2:37 2-5 to
2:30 2-5. This was In the match for tho
Amateur Athletic Union championship of
the United States.
Time— X -ti- V, :50- %. 1:16; mile, \:iZ%'. H4m. 2:10. Good Btart. Won easily, second and
third driving Winner Dr. H. B. Rowell's b. g... by Morello-Helen Scratch. *Coupled with
Imperious Winner's pull In the weights too much for the others. Roslnante came like
a ghost last furlong. Formero carried out at stretch turn by Malay. Topmast, with Bpen
cer ur, could have won. Arbaces made a game effort. Acrobat away badly and apparent
ly a bluffer Dr Sheppard ran out and never had a chanca. Morrissey quit at the pad
dock. Scratched— Krwln 100. David Tenny 10S, F. W. Brode 112, Monrovia 83, Boundlea S5,
¦ u^^^ J^ n-r^ r>-nj i| Jfx/v^ yv^ %^ J^ v%J , /^j V^ v^ v^
8?7. FOURTH RACE— One mil* and a quarter; Burns hdep. ; 3-year-oldg A up; value, $10,000.
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS.
Kiss Hcßean Wins Mrs. Scott's Priia
in a Handicap Tournament.
Several 3a<J!ea of the Ban Francisco Golf
Club played in an «Jgrhteen-hole handicap
on the Presidio links on Friday morning
for a prize presented by Mrs. Henry T.
Scott. Of the twelve who had entered
and received handicaps two— Miss Gene
vleve Carolan ar.d Miss Emelle Hager
(handicaps 25 each) — did not play, and Miss
Carrie Taylor made no returns. The con
testants w«re paired as follows: Miss
Maud Mulllns and Ml?s Alice Colden Hoff
man, Miss M. B. Houghton and Miss
Sarah Drum. Miss Carrie Taylor and Miss
Kdith McKean, Miss Maud O'Connor and
Miss E. W. Morgan. Mrs. R. G. Brown
ar.d Miss Therece Morgan. The first
pla.ee and the prize were won by Miss
Edith Mcßean. with a score of 134 less IS —
116; Mlsb Sarah Drum being second with
a score of 137 less IS— ll9. Miss Hoffman
did not play her usual pame and Miss
Mu'uliis made a high score. The full de
tails are shown in the table:
BTB. THIRD RACE— Seven furlong*: gelling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, HOP.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyrlf ht, WOO, by H. H. Egbert.) '.
OAKLAND RACETTRACK, Saturday, March 8, 1900.— Weather rainy. rTrackmuddj.
SOUTH DRIVE IS
SET APART FOR
THE AUTOMOBILE
Self-Propelling Vehicle May
Pass Through Golden
Gate Park.
Commissioners Adopt a Floral Cal-
endar, Which Will Be a Feature
of the Display Near tho
Music Stand.
The barriers which have kept auto
mobiles beyond the borders of Golden
Gate Park have been removed and the
self-propelling vehicles will be permitted
to pass through Ban Francisco's pleasure
ground if they keep on the right road.
The Park Commissioners decided yester
day that the new-fangled carriages de
served some consideration and concluded
to allow them to use the south drive
from the entrance opposite Waller street
to the ocean. They cannot use the main
drlva or any of the other walks or drive
ways. . . .
The automobile la gradually making its
Importance felt. A club composed of
owners of the machines is to be organ
ized and the decision of the Park Com
missioners will be hailed with delight by
the prospective members. Among those
who are taking an active part In the for
mation of the club are: Hermann Oel
riebs, A. O. Wieland, Adolph Spreckels.
James M. Wilkins, Charles C. Moore and
Byron Jackson.' They will meet next
Wednesday afternoon at the Cliff House
to perfect the organization. -
Another important step taken by . the
Park Commissioners yesterday was the
adoption of & floral calendar, which will
be typified by the display to be made in
the vicinity of the music stand. The
twelve months will be represented by the
following flowers:
January, acacia; February, flowering
plum and almond; March, flowering cher
ry and broom; April, hawthorn* and
lilac; May, roses: June. Japanese iris.
foxglove and rhododendron; July, • pop
pies and sweetpeas; August, hydrangea,
dahlia and phlox; September, nasturtium
and anemone; October, cosmos. and can
na; November, chrysanthemum; Decem
ber, chrysanthemum and flowering
shrubs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
YALE'S TRACK
TEAM TO MEET
CALIFORNIANS
Eastern Athletes Consent to
Compete With the Coast
Collegians. •
JLnnoance That ft Dftt* tor the Cou
tcst Will Be Given Late in
April or Early in
" May.
XEW HAVE.V. Cotin.. March B.— Man-
a*r*r Jwse Daua. of -the l'a!# l!nJvrr»lty
Trae* Athletic Association .to-day sr>nt
\rord to the rslvrrriiy of California track
tram that Yj>!<> voeltl ptwi: a <!ate for
a dual mwt to he ht4d in this city April
2S or May S, Th? roouwt for th<» meet
w*s denied s«a«» weeks ajru tx»caU!«p of
th* probability ifcat Ya)», with Hurvunl.
would meet the En^riish athlete* !n an
international contest., but a* this meet
i» not assarrd Tal*> will take on the Cali
fornians. This jr!vi»s Y&Je thw California
meet, the du*l nv^t with Harvard and
the intercolleiriatf meet in on* i>«a»on.
BOXER JOE BUTLER of Philadel
phia, one of the most promising of
the men in the heavyweight divis
ion, arrived here yesterday. He is
matched to box "Jack" Steliner in the
arena of the National Athletic Club with
in the next three weeks. His last notable
engagement $ was with Ed Dunkhorst,
whom he knocked out In the sixth round.
He will commence training to-day, at
Blanken's. Stelzner, who has filled out
considerably in the last year, will weigh
some twenty pounds more than his op
ponent The bout should be an Interest
ing one.
BT*. FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $360.
Time— % -26- *i. -si«- % 1:1914; mile, 1:47. Good start. Won first three driving. . Winner, J
J. U Crook's br : m.' by Hyder Ali-Namonla. Winner hard to beat in muddy rolnK. Wof- > .
ford should have been second^Otheradldjiot^ike^them^^
875. SECOND. RACE— MiIe and an eighth; 'Belling;. four-year-olds and upward; purse. HOP.
Time— % TISH: %. :40; %, 1:M: -%. I:M| mile. 1:48; mm, «:OU4- Oood start. Won all out.
second and third driving. Winner, W. B. Sink Jr.'e eh. gr., by Imp. Chesterfleld-Jennle •D.
Chlco was straight at the end. Tom Calvtrt interfered with by Oreyhurut at start. Snip*
and Ace prefer dry footing.; .^.^- L-_-L -_-- J-^J -^- r . r^ r.r .~ J^^_^^
Time— H 13V4 1 % -37%: %, 1:04; %, 1:32. Oood start. Won first three driving. Winner, O.
W Scott* b'lk m by Britannic-Lady McNalry. Lady Britannic a crack "mudder." Orion
falteied last few strides. Monrovia could not stay tha route. Gauntlet outsprlnted. Sister
Alice of no use In the mud. . -,„-,-,---,-,'-, - jy^^-r^^r^-^^-^-^-^
Time— « '254- Vt :50H: *i. l:l«; mile, 1:43. Oocxl start. Won first three driving;. Winner.
D Cameron & Co.'s'b. m.. by Imp. Eajcle Plume-Frlola, Winner carried • Erwln out and
was hard ridden. Headwatori^nPoorl^^Scratched— gend" I "*"*}.?^'^~_~nl yw^^,^.
S7t>. SrXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. J350.
24
JOE BUTLER, HERE TO FiOHT.*
COMPETITORS.
i S !
v I
ii]
! 71 I
S i
Ii
I 1
I ¦»
I ;
| :
| M V
I — **
I r
I !
i : :
I : :
»li«B Edith Mrßetn '
Mips Surah ]>rura
Mi?s Maul O'Connor
Mrs. K. G. Brown
Mi?s Monran
Miss A. C. HcJTman
Him Maud Mullln*
Miss T. C Morgan
M'.fs 12. B. Ilouchton j
€5 |
€S I
"8 j
hi
72 i
i C 3 I
i hi
I «
ifo
in
I-Jttl
{137
I 141
12T
147
127
144
166
170
i is | n«
IS I' 9
IS 123
4 121
22 125
0 , 127
4 149
:« I i4o
v I i::
index. Hdrae.-A^e." Weight. IBt.
«m.
Mia.
%m.
Str.
Fin. \
iockeys".-
I Betting:.
[Op. ¦ Cl.
768 New Moon, a....... 97 6 ?
848 Alicia, a........;.... 97 6
848 Judge iWoffftrd, 4...102 1
862 Campus, i. .......... .108 3
758 - Brown Prince -5.... 99 3 "
827 Weller, 4..... 103 11
460 Twtpkl* Twinlc, «... »7 10 .
BS2 Lulu \V, 4 93 8
845 O'Connor 4..... 10? 9
857 Uterp. 4.....T........ 85 7 :
823 Bynla.. 4.......;.....: 93 4
in
23
5 h
3 1
"74
8 h
¦ 10 h
6 h
11
4 h
9 4
10 1
9a . .
6 2
11
8 tt
ah-
i m
5h --
10 4
8 2
.11
.92
-13,.:
3 ii
• i h-
4 1
-!»•-
9 1
$2-
"5 h
7 2-
.10 1' .
U
;.l 1 JRa0ch. ......... 3 .6
2 h Devln S-5 ": 3
315 Buchanan .... 6 ¦' 6
4 Vt. E.J0»88. ...... 7 15
•6 b Stuart '....<{». 15 -40
6 1 Henry 6 4
7 5. T. Walsh 2 6
8 h J. Wa15h...... IS 15
.93 , J. Woods 8 80
10 4-' Bassingrer .... 8 12
11 • J. Martin 15 40
Index. Horse.
Are." Weight. | St.
%m.
ttm.
%m.
Btr
Fin.
Jockey.
|Op.
Cl.
(853) Rio Chlco, *•• 107 t
751 Stromo, 4. ......;. ....107 6
869 Dofftown, 5. ....112 1
830 Tom C&lvert. S 108 7
829 Greyhurst, 6 107 I
863 Tewanda, 6 107 4
857 Ace. a.:..... 107 8
779 Snips, 5.. ....106 8
11
6 6-
\l
*H
¦ 4 b
Ih
It
• 8 b
J h
. T < .
41
in\
it
ti
41
"8
7 4'
If
l h
. n
8S
84
6 8
6 1 :
4 4
71 "
8
•1 H' Jimklns 1-5 U-10
3 5 K. Ron • 7
¦ 8 n rijfgott S >
4 4 Spencer 4 9-t
5 t Dullman ...... ( 12
• f • Given* 80 80
7 4 Devin 10 US
8 Henry 4. T
ndei. Hore». Age. Weight. [St. Km. H". %m. Str. Fin. | Jockey.
8«9 Lady Britajinlo «..108 6 4 3 Jl .62 Sh lh I. Powell
869 Orion, a .....110 I 31 82 23 .3 2 21, Jenkins .......
87S Captive a .113 2 61 12. (I 6 3 3 h H. Bhielda,....
771 Monrovia, a 108 6 22' 12. In 11 42 Bullman
872 Gauntlet. 4 110 1 " 5H 4 1 8 2 4h . 6 5 Thorpe
857 Adam Andrew. 6.. .113 3- Bh. lh 7V4- 7J4 II J. Woodii
623 Dar. 11, 5 113 10 10 »2 82 «J. 78 T.Walsh
867 Siiter Alice. 5.......10S .4. 11 2h4H 6 1 8 8 Spencer
869 Pat Murphy, a. U0 7TH 7 2 96 910 920 HyUnd
811 Rlcordft a... 110 » »4 . 10 10 10 10 E.. Jones I
;ey».
< 10
3l\K 9
c 6
4 11-5
8-5 2
12 100
4 12
6 IS
20 60
8 30
ITulex. Horse. Ag«. Weight. |St. %m. Vim."
KM Imperious, 5 96 S »H ! 14
768 Roßlnante, « 103 4 115 11 tt
859 Formero. 4 102 5 - «tt 4 1
872 Topmast. 8 106 11 12 6 lit
847 Constellator, 3 88 2 10 3 10 1
859 Arbacee. 5 .'.122 1 7 1 SI
(545) Pat Morrlssey, 8. ..107 10 'It IS
865 Acrobat. 5 102 9 Sjj «Vk
805 Malay. 4 107 6 8 H 9 1
<847) Rosormonde, t 118 7 4 2.8%
(559) Pr. Sheppard. 6.. ..120 8 2 1 51.
£59 Forte. 5 102 12 U ' 13
728 Dr. Nembula, 4.. ..107 13 6 17 H
%m.
2 >4
T 1
'« 1
II 1 *
3 1
1 4 .
4 1
iS*
10
12
18
Km.
Str.
Str.
Fin. . | Jockey. |Op. Cl.
ll IDevln 4 3
1 h Vlttltoe I 12
3 h Henry 10 15
4 h M. liergen 30 40
6Hr Phelan V) 30
« 1 Piwott 4 7
7 1 - Thorp« 8 11
8 1 T. Burns 6 4
9Vt E. Rosa • •
.10 Jenkins 8 12
11 T. Walsh 8 I
12 Bullrnnn 40 50
18 • E. J0ne5....... 7 20
Fin.
Jockeys.
|Op.
a.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Urn.
(702) May W, t ... 99 1 13
E59 Erwln. a 86 3 2 4
£68 Princess Zelka, 8... SI 4 12
S6l Headwater, 4 107 5 4 2
559 Lothian, 4 100 i 6
him.
11
2 1
4 8
Ih
5
%m.
1 1
' 3 1
8 h
4 8
6
%m.
Btr.
1 1
3 1.,
32 '
4 8
' 6
Str.
Fin. | Jockey. |Op. CI.
1 H T. Walsh 4-5 »-10
, 2 5 J. Martin 4 9-3
3H**Ranch 8 9
410 Jenkins ... 4 10
B Henry „. > 8 «
Fin.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Mm. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
" 545 Montallade. a 1041 1 1 I 11 H lllnJ. Martin I 5 "~|
855 Morinel, 6 108 4 4 2 31 2 3 31 2 2 Jenkins ....... 8 9-5
SSS Uarda 5 113 5 (h 62 41 5n 34 Thorpe >«VT«
m Mamie G, 6 97 8 IH 4h 64 21 4h Lo^ue I I
846 Raclvan. 5 107 8 1 t 71 «6 62/ Bullman S 2
850 Glen Anne. 6 ". 97 I 2 i\i 2H II 4 2 I« " Devln r.. 15. 20
872 Mary Ktnsella, 5...100 7 6J 64 64 76 73 Henry 6 9
S6O Alleviate. 5 1031 6 7 2 71 » » 8 Vlttltoa 6 12
COMPETITORS.
i S !
v I
ii]
! 71 I
S i
Ii
I 1
I ¦»
I ;
| :
| M V
I — **
I r
I !
i : :
I : :
»li«B Edith Mrßetn '
Mips Surah ]>rura
Mi?s Maul O'Connor
Mrs. K. G. Brown
Mi?s Monran
Miss A. C. HcJTman
Him Maud Mullln*
Miss T. C Morgan
M'.fs 12. B. Ilouchton j
€5 |
€S I
"8 j
hi
72 i
i C 3 I
i hi
I «
ifo
in
I-Jttl
{137
I 141
12T
147
127
144
166
170
i is | n«
IS I' 9
IS 123
4 121
22 125
0 , 127
4 149
:« I i4o
v I i::
Index. Horse.
Are." Weight. | St.
%m.
ttm.
%m.
Btr
Fin.
Jockey.
|Op.
Cl.
(853) Rio Chlco, *•• 107 t
751 Stromo, 4. ......;. ....107 6
869 Dofftown, 5. ....112 1
830 Tom C&lvert. S 108 7
829 Greyhurst, 6 107 I
863 Tewanda, 6 107 4
857 Ace. a.:..... 107 8
779 Snips, 5.. ....106 8
11
6 6-
\l
*H
¦ 4 b
Ih
It
• 8 b
J h
. T < .
41
in\
it
ti
41
"8
7 4'
If
l h
. n
8S
84
6 8
6 1 :
4 4
71 "
8
•1 H' Jimklns 1-5 U-10
3 5 K. Ron • 7
¦ 8 n rijfgott S >
4 4 Spencer 4 9-t
5 t Dullman ...... ( 12
• f • Given* 80 80
7 4 Devin 10 US
8 Henry 4. T
index. Hdrae.-A^e." Weight. IBt.
«m.
Mia.
%m.
Str.
Fin. \
iockeys".-
I Betting:.
[Op. ¦ Cl.
768 New Moon, a....... 97 6 ?
848 Alicia, a........;.... 97 6
848 Judge iWoffftrd, 4...102 1
862 Campus, i. .......... .108 3
758 - Brown Prince -5.... 99 3 "
827 Weller, 4..... 103 11
460 Twtpkl* Twinlc, «... »7 10 .
BS2 Lulu \V, 4 93 8
845 O'Connor 4..... 10? 9
857 Uterp. 4.....T........ 85 7 :
823 Bynla.. 4.......;.....: 93 4
in
23
5 h
3 1
"74
8 h
¦ 10 h
6 h
11
4 h
9 4
10 1
9a . .
6 2
11
8 tt
ah-
i m
5h --
10 4
8 2
.11
.92
-13,.:
3 ii
• i h-
4 1
-!»•-
9 1
$2-
"5 h
7 2-
.10 1' .
U
;.l 1 JRa0ch. ......... 3 .6
2 h Devln S-5 ": 3
315 Buchanan .... 6 ¦' 6
4 Vt. E.J0»88. ...... 7 15
•6 b Stuart '....<{». 15 -40
6 1 Henry 6 4
7 5. T. Walsh 2 6
8 h J. Wa15h...... IS 15
.93 , J. Woods 8 80
10 4-' Bassingrer .... 8 12
11 • J. Martin 15 40
ndei. Hore». Age. Weight. [St. Km. H". %m. Str. Fin. | Jockey.
8«9 Lady Britajinlo «..108 6 4 3 Jl .62 Sh lh I. Powell
869 Orion, a .....110 I 31 82 23 .3 2 21, Jenkins .......
87S Captive a .113 2 61 12. (I 6 3 3 h H. Bhielda,....
771 Monrovia, a 108 6 22' 12. In 11 42 Bullman
872 Gauntlet. 4 110 1 " 5H 4 1 8 2 4h . 6 5 Thorpe
857 Adam Andrew. 6.. .113 3- Bh. lh 7V4- 7J4 II J. Woodii
623 Dar. 11, 5 113 10 10 »2 82 «J. 78 T.Walsh
867 Siiter Alice. 5.......10S .4. 11 2h4H 6 1 8 8 Spencer
869 Pat Murphy, a. U0 7TH 7 2 96 910 920 HyUnd
811 Rlcordft a... 110 » »4 . 10 10 10 10 E.. Jones I
;ey».
< 10
3l\K 9
c 6
4 11-5
8-5 2
12 100
4 12
6 IS
20 60
8 30
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Urn.
(702) May W, t ... 99 1 13
E59 Erwln. a 86 3 2 4
£68 Princess Zelka, 8... SI 4 12
S6l Headwater, 4 107 5 4 2
559 Lothian, 4 100 i 6
him.
11
2 1
4 8
Ih
5
%m.
1 1
' 3 1
8 h
4 8
6
%m.
Btr.
1 1
3 1.,
32 '
4 8
' 6
Str.
Fin. | Jockey. |Op. CI.
1 H T. Walsh 4-5 »-10
, 2 5 J. Martin 4 9-3
3H**Ranch 8 9
410 Jenkins ... 4 10
B Henry „. > 8 «
Fin.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Mm. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
" 545 Montallade. a 1041 1 1 I 11 H lllnJ. Martin I 5 "~|
855 Morinel, 6 108 4 4 2 31 2 3 31 2 2 Jenkins ....... 8 9-5
SSS Uarda 5 113 5 (h 62 41 5n 34 Thorpe >«VT«
m Mamie G, 6 97 8 IH 4h 64 21 4h Lo^ue I I
846 Raclvan. 5 107 8 1 t 71 «6 62/ Bullman S 2
850 Glen Anne. 6 ". 97 I 2 i\i 2H II 4 2 I« " Devln r.. 15. 20
872 Mary Ktnsella, 5...100 7 6J 64 64 76 73 Henry 6 9
S6O Alleviate. 5 1031 6 7 2 71 » » 8 Vlttltoa 6 12
ITulex. Horse. Ag«. Weight. |St. %m. Vim."
KM Imperious, 5 96 S »H ! 14
768 Roßlnante, « 103 4 115 11 tt
859 Formero. 4 102 5 - «tt 4 1
872 Topmast. 8 106 11 12 6 lit
847 Constellator, 3 88 2 10 3 10 1
859 Arbacee. 5 .'.122 1 7 1 SI
(545) Pat Morrlssey, 8. ..107 10 'It IS
865 Acrobat. 5 102 9 Sjj «Vk
805 Malay. 4 107 6 8 H 9 1
<847) Rosormonde, t 118 7 4 2.8%
(559) Pr. Sheppard. 6.. ..120 8 2 1 51.
£59 Forte. 5 102 12 U ' 13
728 Dr. Nembula, 4.. ..107 13 6 17 H
%m.
2 >4
T 1
'« 1
II 1 *
3 1
1 4 .
4 1
iS*
10
12
18
Km.
Str.
Str.
Fin. . | Jockey. |Op. Cl.
ll IDevln 4 3
1 h Vlttltoe I 12
3 h Henry 10 15
4 h M. liergen 30 40
6Hr Phelan V) 30
« 1 Piwott 4 7
7 1 - Thorp« 8 11
8 1 T. Burns 6 4
9Vt E. Rosa • •
.10 Jenkins 8 12
11 T. Walsh 8 I
12 Bullrnnn 40 50
18 • E. J0ne5....... 7 20
Fin.
Jockeys.
|Op.
a.Mermaid Sighted.
PORT TOWNSEND, March 3.— A1l fears
for the safety of the overdue bark Mer
maid, which sailed for Unalaska thirty
seven days ago for Puget Sound, were al
layed to-day by the arrival of the ship St.
Nicholas, which vessel having
spoken the Mermaid. The captain says
she should arrive in a few days. The
Mermaid should have arrived here three
weeks ago. The St. Nicholas was ordered
to the quarantine station for fumigation.
Mrs. Rich Sentenced.
EL PASO. Tex.. March 3.— Mrs. John D.
Rich, the Chicago woman convicted last
month of murdering her husband in
Juarez, Mexico, last May.' was to-day
taken to Chthuahua, Mexico, . by .-: two
guards. She was sentenced to fourteen
years' Imprisonment, and the case was
appealed to Chihuahua and Is now pend-
Insv - ';_; _ ' '- :.¦¦ ¦
Joe Pete Convicted.
CARSON. ¦ March S.— Joe Pete, the In
dian who murdered William Dangberg
September 27. .was convicted In Genoa to
day of murder • In the first degree. 'The
case caused unusual Interest, as the mur
dered ¦ boy ; Was ' the son of a prominent
rancher and threats to lynch the prisoner
have. been openly made. -- — •
ARGUMENTS IN CLARK CAKE.
Both Sides Given Two Wwka for the
Preparation of Briefs.
WASHINGTON, March 3.— The Senate
Committee on Elections to-day held a
consultation with counsel on both sides
in the Clark Investigation and decided to
eive them two weeks for the preparation
of the argument to be made in the case.
Argument will begin on the • 20th inst.
Counsel • was requested to prepare print
ed briefs and also to ¦ present oral argu
ments, the latter to occupy six hours for
each side. The memorialists are to have
the openlnr and closing. Former Senator
Edmunds - and Mr. Blrney ) will , make . the
arguments for the memorialists and for
mer Senator Faulkner, and - Roger. Foster
will speak for Clark.
Faulkner said that he was having a
comparative statement prepared showing
the evidence on all given points in parallel
columns contrasting the testimony for the
prosecution and defense. He said that It
would take a week to complete the work.
SUNDAY-SCHOOL AND
TEMPERANCE BANQUETS
OAKLAND. March I— A banquet will
be given next Thursday evening at the
First Presbyterian Church, Franklin and
Fourteenth streets. The guests will be
the mission and church Sunday-school
teachers of the city, who. on that occa
sion, will organize a Sunday-school Teach
ers' Association. The banauet will be
given In Brigade' Hall and will be a large
affair.
a • •
The prominent temperance workers of
Alameda County will enjoy a banquet
Monday night at the Albany Hotel. There
will be speeches and music. Among those
who will address the banqueters is Dr.
E. R. Dille of the First M. E. Church.
PRESIDENT WHEELER
TO BE HONORED
University Men to Meet Their Chief
on His Return From the
East.
BERKELET, March 3.— The students of
the University of California will welcome
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler home
next Monday evening. There will be a
general rally early in the afternoon on the
campus and the students will form one
of the "serpentine marches" and move to
the Berkeley station. There the presi
dent will be formally welcomed by his
charges.
President "Wheeler has been East nearly
a month, visiting the various large col
leges and addressing large audiences. He
rave several lectures and advertised the
University of California In the most
elaborate manner. He has collected a
great many Ideas which will largely ben.
eflt the new university. From this on
many changes and improvements will ua.
doubtedly be made.
K3' CPfeJlVfl *^sss ssssssss^^^^^^BssP^^sssT^^T
fi:* *i m> -' rinrri^sgssssssssslsWssssßsH
J To remind } t ou — buying
\ groceries on credit is a
priced accommoda-
tion. Buy from us for cash.
iH. O. Oatmeal pkg ioc
Tie kind the children are crying
m for. Being distributors of uieoe
good*. «• gir« tt>u the exact
C wholesale price Monday sad Ta-wda y.
4>Roval Savon Soap
$ ISSSgSSb 8 bars 2 5 ci
a Babbitt's and nearly double the i
f size, la any quantity, r
r'Schepp's Shredded 0
# Cocoanut pound 15^
d New and fresh. Snow w" .t*>. A
' S»m« good* in pkg cost S >c
'Point Reyes Butter f
' r>acious grasps* vor. square 3o c a
r Beginning tomorrow cur V
.0 Market street store will Q
a remain open evenings till a
" 12 o'clock. "
Kofiko ffi?, J
f 3 for 3c z p Oun( l pkg IO( ,f
r The origtnul nuklt«d cereal ooSee, f
2iak*« nh, h«*ltny blood. The «ick 1
9 and the conraleecest as vrcD »i child f
a res caa drink it, and grow fat and a
f etrosg- oa It- f
& B. Pickled Walnuts 0
4 SStfJK&SSr- bottle 3 oc^
4 patent top. B*gT^«x*3c. i
Corned Beef }
: i h^fo^ 2 pound caa iBci
' \ hand »™v+"r lr.nr.b In a hurrj *
f B«gular :sa. f
Fresh Ground Coflfee
Our hotel blend. rutiinri rrvd
9 C»ei by the largest pOUUa lOCf
a ' coß_itnn«r« is 6an Francisco. . J
i New Teas pound 35ci
.' \ ' Formosa Oolfnr. EngEoh Break- A
'• O f ast,Uaoolored Japan and Gre«n a
. Japan. Begular&ts. \
•J Young America Cheese J
f MildT rich a»d creamy. corf
> Very popular. caCfl SOC\
f Befftdar 753. r
Wheat £23 t
* Sff 13 pounds 2 5 c^
¦ J wheat. Same aa in package— J
.. V only mnch cheaper. \
Stone Whiskey **
A e»*SS gallon $ 3 .00f
I in America. Ueguiar J4.00. f
. -\ X grand drink for fan and pleasure.
\ Golden Crescent Whiskey
\ SSSf 1 ' bottle 65c
: r wtiskey for medicinal n»e.
J Porter..dozen 95c
..'d Good as imported. Regular Jl.sj.
Brandy. ...bot $1.10
-x. KOTfctew. Usually
f i«TerSed»t $L6J.
: Reisling— quarts f
f i^tofS-t dozen $ 3 .00f
¦ i Begular»l^». #
ins Market St. B. rEhattuek Xr, E.rkalevi
roth * Wa«hlnr«»a.O» kC « Itr * 1 Ar,Al««jedaT
>l^ Broad^afT^ - :th * Wood. Osk i
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. 1118 Broadway, March S.
JO. MORGAN, an engineer at the Eureka Tannery in East Oakland,
miraculously escaped death this morning. While about to slip the belt
on the fly wheel, a set screw on the driving rod caught In his clothing
and In another instant his body was revolving in the air and being
I pounded on the floor.
M. Kelley and Dave Murdock heard his cries and stopped the engine as
soon as possible and picked up the apparently lifeless body of the engi
neer. Morgan was quickly removed to the Receiving Hospital. His head
was badly lacerated and his right leg was fractured below the knee. He
was bleeding so profusely that It was feared he would succumb from loss of
blood.
Drs. Rowe and Ewer were promptly summoned, and after reviving the
injured man, dressed his wounds, reduced the fracture, and he was later
removed to his home, 1214 Tenth avenue, East Oakland.
MATRON BANDY
ATTACKED BY AN
INSANE WOMAN
Kittie Peterson Planned to
Kill Her With a Heavy
Cobblestone.
Alarming Increase, in "Weight Drives
a Woman Violently Crazy and
Results in a Murderous
Attack.
•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 3.
Mrs. E. E. Bandy, matron at the County
Infirmary, was murderously attacked by
Mrs. "Kittle" Peterson, an inmate who
had suddenly become violently insane.
Matron Bandy had Just entered the wom
an's ward to look after Mrs. Peterson's
wants, when the latter delivered her a
Jslow in the face with her clenched fist,
felling her to the floor, and then securing
a large cobblestone she had secreted she
tried to kill the matron.
The commotion brought several attend
ants to the scene, and Mrs. Peterson was
finally overpowered. She was promptly
taken before the Lunacy Commissioners
Drs. Tlsdale and Legault adjudged her in
sane, and later Superior Judge Greene
committed her to the insane asylum at
Mrs. Peterson is about 60 years old. She
was admitted to the Infirmary nearly two
years ago and her affliction was most pe
culiar. She had previously enjoyed good
health at a weight of 150 pounds. Sud
denly she took on flesh at an alarming
rate and soon she tipped the scales at 2*o
pounds and her mind became affected and
has gradually been falling, while her
weight Increased.
HE WANTS HIS
PRESENTS BACK,
SO BRINGS SUIT
W. A. Brown Desires His
Land Returned by His
Hypnotic Bride.
Declares She Defrauded Him Out of
Half His Property and Much
Money Under Protestations
of Love.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 3.
After squandering about all his fortune
on the object of his love, William A.
Brown says that he has been the victim
of the hypnotic powers of Anna Marie
Whitney, whom he has presented to the
world as his lawful wife for over two
years. He is now satisfied that she Is
flickle and he wants his presents back by
way of a suit in the Superior ' Court.
The hypnotic romance of Brown's love
dream had its Incipiency in September,
1897, when he and Anna Marie Whitney
conducted a lodging house on Golden Gate
avenue, near Polk street, San Francisco,
where the innocent William furnished her
with every necessity of* life and, as he
asserts, "treated her in every manner as
his wife." And as for her, "during all
the time and up to September of last
year she expressed great love and affec
tion for him and his welfare." Frequent
ly, he declares, he promised to marry her,
and his love grew so strong under the
powers she exerted over him that last
May he executed and delivered to her a
bargain and sale deed for an undivided
one-half Interest In his Golden Gate ave
nue property. At divers times he also be
stowed upon her Jewelry and money
amounting to $6000.
In a suit begun In the Alameda County
Superior Court thla afternoon . against
Anna Marie Whitney, he says he made
the conveyance of part of his real estate
to her, "because of the undue Influence
and power exercised by her over him:
that all her expressions of love and af
fection for him were false: that at no
time did she have any feelings of love
or affection for him, but all such expres
sions and statements were made for the
purpose of fraudulently and wickedly ob
taining his property." ,
In his prayer Brown appeals to the
court, to have Anna M. Whitney adjudged
guilty of fraud: that he be given Judg
ment for the $5000 she has on deposit in
the banks and which money he claims is
identical to that he gave her. He also
asks that the court declare the Fruitvale
tract as being held by her in trust: that
all his gifts be revoked: that a receiver
be appointed to take charge of the per
sonal property, and that an injunction is
sue to prevent her disposing of any of it.
I. J. Truman Jr. and J. E. Segur appear
as Brown's attorneys.
ATTACKS ON
CITY ENGINEERS
STILL CONTINUES
Rowe Is After Clement and
Schaffer Out for
M.K. Miller.
President of the Council Declares the
City Engineer Negligent and a
Councilman Declares Miller
Incompetent.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. March 3.
The bombardment of Consulting Engi
neer M. K. Miller and City Engineer R.
M Clement. In the line of battle now
waging at the City Hall, still continues
and there is no cessation to the hostili
ties. When the fight was in Its Infancy
It was so conducted one side would fire
a shot, and then there would be a few
days of rest, followed by a shot from the
other side. Now the bombardment is con
tinuous on each side, and there are Indi
cations that It will be brought up In the
Council on Monday evening and the courts
President H. D. Rowe of the City Coun
cil has been slugging City Engineer Clem
ent and accusing him of not finishing city
work and drawing money for work which
he was instructed to do but which he has
not completed. Mr. Clement replied, ex
plaining some of the delays as due to his
sickness, and asserting that his apparent
ly large fees were caused by the platting
of the annexed district for new sewers,
which was a large and expensive piece
of work. While this was going on. Coun
cilman Louis Schaffer was throwing shot
into the camp of Consulting Engineer M.
K. Miller, and Miller was replying as the
occasion warranted.
To-day President Rowe returned to the
bombardment with the charge that City
Engineer Clement has neglected his du
ties and a demand will be made at the
Council meeting on Monday that he shall
report the exact condition of all work
that has been ordered by that body. In
his letter to-day Mr. Rowe says:
My letter was not an attack ea Mr.
Clwnent. but •> plain statement of fact* to
refuu the statements of thoss who were
not pleased with the action of the City
Council In employing Mr. Millar as coniult
ln«- engineer- Many were of th« opinion
that It was all aa extra expense. I deslr* to
show that It Is economy to employ Mr. Mil
ler on a salary rather than to hay« th* work
dona by the City Engineer and his deputies
under the fe« system.
My figures from tha City Auditor** effle*
show, that the amount of his bills for en
gineering work presented In the name of th«
By EDWIN MEESE, Councilman Fourth Ward.
TO MY mind the question of bonds
or no bonds is a plain business
proposition. If the city of Oak
land is to maintain its place
among the "progressive cities of
this coast it must show the outside
world not only that it possesses nat
ural advantages, making It a desirable
place of abode for the retired gentle
man as well as for the merchant, the
artisan, the laborer, all struggling for
a home, but also that it is alive to its.
future possibilities and willing to con
tribute toward attaining the same.
The only question then" arising Is,
What can and should be done In this
regard? That nothing in the way of
"betterments" can be done with funds
received from the tax' levy has been
abundantly shown. I believe, to the
satisfaction of every taxpayer, the
only avenue open to accomplish any
thing: bein? the Issuance of bonds.
As to the nature of the Improve
ments for which bonds should be Is
sued, the contemplated sewers. Inter
cepting, continuation of main lake
from Adeline west, east side outlet,
etc.. appeal most strongly to my mind.
EDWIN MEESE.
perhaps because as chairman of the
Street Committee I have become familiar with th» present condition.
The salt water sprinkling plant speaks for Itself. Any venture which will
return the outlay In a very few years because of the difference in cost from
the present system need? no urging.
Bituminous crosswalks will suggest themselves to every pedestrian, while
the merchant delivering his wares, the business man In his buggy, the wheel
men wending their way along our streets, will all be a unit for street Im
provements.
Oakland has never appealed In vain to Its citizens for funds to carry on
the educational department and the including of school houses and sites In the
proposed list will meet the approval of the public, while more engine houses
and sites are a matter of protection.
Our western shore offers splendid inducements for wharves. Had this been
taken advantage of in former years Oakland would now have competlns
railroads and would undoubtedly stand farther ahead In the ranks of com
mercial cities.
Could our voters, before casting their ballots for or against a new City
Hall, be Induced to take a survey of the interior of the building In which the
business of the city Is now transacted, noting the Insecure manner in which
records of Incalculable value are now of necessity kept (records which could
not be replaced in the event of their destruction by fire), noting further the
fact that ladies having business with the city officials are compelled to wade
through a throng of Police Court habitues, and still further noting the apol
ogy for a City Prison and the rooms of the Police Department. I feel confi
dent the ballots In favor of a new municipal bulldlntr would far outnumber
those against.
I have taken up the main propositions which might be Included In an
election held under the general Improvement bond act and claim that In all
these matters a vote for bonds means a' vote for progress. -X,
Municipal ownership of water works is an assured fact as soon as a cer
tainty of a sufficient source of supply Justifies the submission of this propo
sition to the voters. :. . , : EDWIN' MEESE.
WALKED TO HIS
DEATH BENEATH
HIS UMBRELLA
Frank King, an Aged La
borer, Killed by a Back
ing Special Train.
Gross Carelessness on the Part of the
Railroad Regarded by Friends
as Responsible for the
Sad Affair.
»
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 3.
Frank King, an employe at the Judson
Iron Works, aged 60 years, was run
down and killed this afternoon by a
Southern Pacific special train that was
backing up from the Oakland mole to the
racetrack at Emeryville. .
The aged man had quit his day s labor
at the iron works shortly before a
o'clock, and. with his umbrella spread to
protect him from the rain, was walking
in a southerly direction between the rail
road tracks, near B street station. He
was bound for home, and had his um
brella against the wind and rain. He did
not hear the approach of the backing
train and was struck full force. His body
was horribly mangled. ,¦'„.
W. T. Burns, L. Alveres and Manuel
Ross, who were eye-witnesses to the ac
cident, state that a brakerhan was sta
tioned on the rear platform of the ap
proaching train and that he tried to sig
nal to the engineer to stop the train, but
all to no avail, and that before they could
apprise King of the rapidly approaching
danger or reach him to prevent its fatal
culmination the train was upon him.
They attribute King's death to the gross
carelessness of the railroad company In
backing Its trains from the mole to
Emeryville. -^
The body was removed to the Morgue
and Coroner Mehrmann has ordered that
an Inquest be held next Monday evening.
Deceased was a native of Portugal and
leaves a widow and several children re
sidinf at 38 Helen street. North Oakland.
Launching of the Milton.
OAKLAND. March B.— A. ¦ McAnUey**
newly completed yacht, the Milton, will
be launched In the estuary from the foot
of Webster etreet to-morrow morning.
Imagines He Is Dead.
OAKLAND. March Z.-C. W. Court
right, a cook, 24 years old, was to-day
committed to the Agnews Insane Asylum
by Judge Hall. Cqurtrtr ht resided with
his mother at 628 Eighth street. Last
New Year's eve, while suffering from a
high fever, the noise of . the thousands of
tooting horns drove him to Jump out of
a window In bis eagerness to escape from
the din. The young; man Imagines that he
Is dead.
JNo lying about j
5 the merit of CABCAEETS. Millions use them and tell theh* «;
*:•' friends how good they are. We want to give back the purchase •
• price to anyone who fails to get satisfaction from the use of >
5 CANDY CATHARTIC * £
X t VE9okW ;;^^s.^[ssV^ssssssssssr -'^Bsssssssss^-'-^^Hssssss^^sssssssssr^Hsssssr if
)»*
% _— Bsst^sH^sss,*^^^ •
I ¦ I
£ Now that sounds like a liberal offer, but these single 10c sales alone 3;
5 • don't count for success. It's your cure and your good word for F
€ Cascarets that will make them famous in the future as in the 9
5 past. Start with a box today. : 10c, 25c, 50c, all druggists. Free jtf
£ sample and booklet. Address Sterling Remedy Co., Chgo. or N.Y. £
$ Best for the Bowels J
<s»^s»^is>^s>^s»^«^<s»^
Grayson Owen Incorporation.
OAKLAND, March B.— The Grayson
Owen Company to-day filed articles of
Incorporation to conduct the business of
buying and selling livestock, slaughter
and prepare live animals of all kinds,
and canning or packing the same.. The
capital stock Is stated at 1100.000, of which
JSOO nan been actually subscribed by the
following directors: J. W. Phillips, J.
C. Mitchell, P. B. Lynch. H. F. Westphal
and Irving C. Lewis.
Mrs. Hearst Entertains Students.
BERKELEY, March I— Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst entertained the faculty and the
members of the junior and sophomore
classes at her reception in Hearst. Hall
this afternoon. Dancing was indulged in
and a general good time was had. The
faculty and members of the freshman
class have been invited to attend the
holiness concert to-morrow. These con
certs have become very popular and the
Invitations are much sought after.
Bain Prevents Field Sport.
BERKELEY. March 3.— The interclass
field day of the Lowell High School of
San Francisco, which was to be held on
the university cinder path this afternoon,
was postponed on account of the rain.
Several events were run off, however, in
the rain and the school record for the
60-yard dash was reduced from 6 seconds
to 5 4-6.
The baseball game between the varsity
and Fireman's Fund teams was called off
because of the rain.
"IN PARADISE" WELL
RECEIVED IN OAKLAND
OAKLAND, March. 3.— The Frawley
Company, supporting L. R. Stockwell,
opened at the Macdonough Theater to
night In the French farce, "In Paradise,"
to a very good house. Prominent among
the members of the company is Mrs.
Neville Castle, a society belle, whose
brother lately married the daughter of
Admiral Sampson.
HOUSE WARNING AT
THE UNIVERSITY
BERKELEY, March B.— The young la
dles of the university who are Interested
In the college settlement work In West
Berkeley rave a supper to the young men
workers at the clubhouse on Eighth
street The supper was in the nature of
a house warming, as the club has only re
cently secured a house. Classes in cook
ing and sewing will soon be started.
New Telegraph Line.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARSON. Nev.. March t— The Western
Union Telegraph Company has had a
corps of engineers Investigating the tele-
graph service of the Carson and Colorado
Railroad, lately purchased by the South-
ern Pacific They are making calculations
on the necessary material for service be-
tween Mound House and Keeler and are
also making arrangements for runnlsa;
wires from Keeler to Mo Java,
Kellogg in Quarantine.
PORT TOWNSEXD. March B»— The
schooner O. M. Kellogsr arrived at Ho-
qularn to-day from Hilo. She was or-
dered by the United States quarantine of-
ficer to come here for Inspection and fu-
migation. The Kellogg sailed from Hllo
February M-
employes from January 1), ISW, to January
IC. 1300. ax/gregata U533 50 Instead of $4193.
as ha claims. Including his own and his
deputies' salaries the total cost to the city
was J&33 SO; and I repeat that, exclusive of
sawer plans for the annexed territory, which
he promised to present to the Council six or
eight weeka ago. and upon which he has
been at work more than six months, thera
has been no work of Importance to show for
all this money. The city records prove my
statement, and I challenge Mr. Clement to
deny It.
If Mr. Clement desires a controversy la
regard to his official acts I shall b»
pleased to present to the public at least a
partial list of his shortcomings. Tha Coun
cil has tolerated his official nezlect until
patience has ceased tobea virtue, and now
that we have a large amount of engineering
'work which must be done In connection ¦with
tha bond Issue and have employed a maa for
tha purpose. I do not propose that he and
his political and official supporters shall
-successfully Interfere with It. The Council
desires to submit the bonding proposition to
the people, and It appears that Mr. Clement
and his friends would tie the whole thing up
because he has not been given engineering;;
and I think I have shown good and suffi
cient reasons for not doing so.
H. D. ROWE, President City Council.
Councilman Louis Schaffer attacks the
proposed fee system for Engineer Miller
and attacks Miller as an engineer. He
says:
The Irrepressible tax eater. M. K. Miller.
Is again trying to tret another and a larger
hold upon the public treasury. H« found
his hold at $290 a month upon tha public
treasury was slipping away from him. Tha
public as well as some of the Councilmen
were trying to break his hold, owing to the
extremely low ebb of the city treasury, but
he Is apparently not to be shut off. as ha is
advocating a fee system for preparing plans
and estimates for contemplated Improve
ments.
That Is a cood plan for M. K. Millar. H»
would manage with th« assistance of the
chief knockers of the city to mill dowa
from ISOOO to $10,000 with the pretense that
It would only cost J*CO or 5500.
Thla Is common history, as can b« rerlSed
by hundreds of taxpayers, who were be
g-uiled by his Slppact statements, to hay»
streets Improved In front of their property
that he said would only cost 13 cents per
front foot, but had finally to pay |3 SO. Soma
have threatened him with suit for tha differ
ence, aa he guaranteed the cost to be nine
tenths less than they had to pay. They
found that his ruarantees were about as
unreliable as the many statements that h«
made on the platform at the last election,
when h» was defeated by an honest, com
petent graduate for the position of City En
gineer.
I think the Council should decline to act ia
this matter until the committee of one hun
dred, composed of some of the b«st and
most practical men In our city, who have
mors Interest In putting our city in the front
rank than they have In doinz politics and
providing soft soars for Incompetent polit
ical bosses.
LOUIS SCHAFFER. Sixth Ward.
ANNIVERSARY
CELEBRATED
OAKLAND, March 3.— One of the mer
riest children's parties of the year was
given by Mrs. Walter Hunt last evening
at her home, 543 Thirty-third street, in
honor of Miss Fannie Greene, her protege.
It wu a surprise birthday celebration, to
which twenty-five boys and girls were In
vited. Entertainment was afforded by
games and a Jolly supper. There were
pretty favors for the guests and not a
few dainty gifts for the little hostess.
Those Invited were: Vincent Wltcher.
Frankie Hawkett, Freda Button, Mildred
Kelley. Leonard Platt, Mabel Gates, Will
Cassiline, Morrell Westover. Edith
Emigh. Anita Armstrong, Rodney Sin
clair, Alice Voice, Mabel Sinclair. Millie
Greene. David Hartly. Harry Dixon, Ed
gar Sinclair and Blanche Murphy.
•. • •
The Woman's Exchange has In contem
plation an af ternon tea or musicale for
the benefit of the oragnizatlon's fund. The
house warming given recently proved
such a succes in every way that the ladles
interested are eager to further advertise
their charity. The : exchange has never
been better patronized nor was it ever in
a healthier condition than now, and it has>
been found that the move to Thirteenth
and Franklin streets, the present location,
was wise. g^-'. .
The prettiest event of the week
was the entertainment given on Thursday
evening by Oakland Chapter No. I*o, Or
der of the Eastern Star. They called It
"An Evening in Japan," and everything
In the way of decorations, music and cos
tumes was In harmony with the central
Idea. The room was decorated in imita
tion of a Japanese tea garden. The music
was from "The Mikado" and the partici
pants were all costumed In the flowing
robes of Japan. There was a drill by
young ladles In costume, under the com
mand of Captain Henry Levy, in which
the following participated: Edith Batch
elder, Christine Cameron, Emma Cam
eron Mabel Crowell, Ada Cockerton, Rose
Champion, Inez Dynes, Etta Eiben, Eleth
Hollenbeck, Bessie Kellogg, Belle Ken
dall, Estelle Llghtner, Rose Laughland,
Laura Leber, Betta Muller. Sophie Muller,
Lois Mendenhall, Mabel Moseley, Mabel
Ross, Mabel Ransome, Leona Shaw,
Charlotte Towle, Dora Wishart, Lillian
Warner. There were several other num
bers on the programme, some specialties
by three little maids— Essie Church, Ethel
Roberts and Gladys Church; song for
trombone, John Laughland; the "Goldfish
Song." Mrs. Lin Church: Juggling, Charles
Slamberg; and "Chon Kinav* from "The
Geisha," Miss Etta Eiben. The success
of the entertainment was due to Mrs. Al
Kendall, Mrs. E. L. Warner, Mrs. Edith
Batchelder and Mrs. Carrie H. Bassett.
The past matrons and past patrons of the
chapter acted as a reception committee.
The present worthy matron Is Mrs. W.
S. White, and the worthy patron is John
Towle. ...
Mrs. "William Murcell of Sacramento,
formerly Miss Mabel Walker, la visiting
her parents In East Oakland.
Mrs. Mason Whiting Mather of the
Plumbago mine Is spending a few weeks
with her aunt. Mrs. M. K. Blake, at 628
Eleventh street. Oakland.
• • •
HAYWARDS, March. I— The Haywards
Social Club Is progressing In a satisfac
tory manner with its arrangements and
the board of director* is showing great
energy. The entertainment brought $107
to the dab. and Secretary Prowse has col
lected nearly $100. The furniture is being
Installed, the rooms tinted and frescoed
and new members are coming In constant
ly A ladles' annex has been organized
with the following officers: President,
Mrs. C. W. Heyer; vice president. Mrs.
J V. Haley: secretary, Miss Julia Kinsey:
treasurer, Mrs. .P. J. Crosby; financial
secretary. Miss Ethel Welsh; property
clerk. Miss Ella Garretson.
• • •
KILBS. March B.— Mrs. H. A. Mayhew
rave a luncheon this afternoon to some of
her friends from around the bay. Among
the guests were: Mrs. George F. Alardt,
Mrs. Fred Alardt, Mrs. Mary Arnold.
Mrs. Will Arnold. Mrs. Carrie Ward
and Mrs. Frances Galwlck of Oak
land- Mrs. Warren Meyers, Mrs. W.
A Yates and Mrs. H. 6. Parsons of
Berkeley. Mrs. A. W. Pattlani of- Ala
meda and Miss Mary Painter of Palo
Alto. . , .
Mrs L. E. Osgood celebrated her sixty
fifth anniversary to-day and Invited a.
number of the older residents of A\ ash
ln«ton Township to her home to meet
Mrs. Mary Threlfall of Irvlngton.
PATRIARCHS AT THE
FESTIVE BANQUET
OAKLAND. March S.— Golden Gate En
campment of Odd Fellowa celebrated Its
thirtieth anniversary with a banquet at
the Galindo Hotel last evening. There was
a sumptuous repast, at which George B.
Waddell. chief patriarch, presided, while
Dr. F. E. Prince was tcastmaster. There
were toasts by ex-Supreme Justice Fci,
Superior Judge F. B. Ogden, P. G. P. Har
ris, C. A. Broad, L. L. Alexander. W. H.
Barnes, Mr. Modsen of Haywards, Robort
Graham. L. W. L. Downs and C. 11.
Weaver of Alameda. George T. Shaw.
George Kirk. John Tisch. Patriarchs Log
gie, Brower, Jeffries. John McVey and La
Ballister.
The committee of arrangements was
composed of John Tlsch, Dr. Pierce, John
McVey. G. M. Waddell and S. P, Scow.
The guests were as follows: G. B. Wnd
dell. chief patriarch of Golden Rule En
campment; Dr. F. E. Prince. P. C. P.. dis
trict deputy grand patriarch and treas
urer: Judge Charles N. Fox, P. G. M., P.
G. P., Unity; L. L. Alexander, senior r-a&t
grand master. P. C. P. Golden Gate;
George T. Shaw grand secretary Grand
Lodge, P. C. P. Unity; James W. Hanls.
P. G. P. Oriental, San Francisco; C. H.
Wever, grand senior warden, Sunset. Ala
meda; Colonel H. O. Brower. P C. P.; L.
W. L. Downs, P. G. P. Unity. San Fran
cisco: William H. Barnes. P. G. M., P. G.
P., P. G. R. and grand scribe; A. P. W.
Pulclfer. P. C. P.; W. Hamerin, Dave
Tisch. P. C. P.~ Robert Graham, P. C P.;
T. W. Leßallister. P. C. P.; E. A. Davis,
P. C. P. Unity; 6. Madsen. P. C. P. Ala
meda; M. P. Forbes, P. C. P. Unity; C. F.
Ealmonson, George A. Wilson, P. C. P.:
William Chalmers, P. C. P.; Jacob Muel
ler. P. C. P.; Samuel Samuels. A. H.
Broad. George Kirk. C. P. C.; Hugh Mar
tin, A. M. Drinkwater, Thomas Sebastian,
Major G. S. Kaismith, P. C. P.; John
Tisch. P. C. P. and treasurer; John Mc-
Vey. P. C. P. and scribe. Golden Rule; 1-L
C. Kidder. Robert Martin, Woodland;
William Megeriu, Unity; J. A. Gollett, San
Leandro; James Pye, Golden Rule; W. W.
Beckley, Grand Unity; C. J. Wler, Orient
al, San Francisco; L. G. Schord, Unity;
M. T. Holcomb, Golden Rule; Charles
Roeth, Golden Rule; J. C. Stout. Enter
prise, Los Angeles; R. C. Rasrrrisscn,
Hay wards; G. C. Pape, J. Warden, Golden
Rule: C. H. Cole. George T. Burtchaell. J.
A. Mullen. Unity; Oscar Basney, Unity;
E. R. Alden. Berkeley; S. P. Skow. senior
warden. Golden Rule; R. A. Archibald. F.
M. Farwell, D. Sewell. J. J. Foggie, guide.
Unity; C. D. Zigler, illustrious dpputy
grand patriarch. Unity; H. Rogers, Unity;
J. W. Floyd. Berkeley; G. B. Clifford, high
pries! and nigh past chief patriarch: P.
E. Jeffries. P. C. P.. Vallejo; Judge Frank
Og-ien. P. C. P.; Nets Offerson, Haywards.
Y. C. P.: I. Powers. W. Cuttlngham, Occi
dental, Sacramento; B. E. Underwood, T.
Cornelius, Berkeley, and J. H. Hickox, P.
G. R.
cuts were made In detail It Is Impossible
to discover until the ordinance is pre
sented on Monday evening. There will
be a cut, however, and It will be between
10 and 20 per cent on the gross Income of
the company.
Councilman B. C. CuvelUer will present
the report to the Council on Monday
evening as chairman of the Fire and Wa
ter Committee, but he positively declines
to make any statement as to the details
of the ordinance.
There will b« an Interesting recommen
dation made by the committee that the
Contra Costa Water Company be com
pelled to itemize its bills so that the rate
payers can easily figure their own bills
and see that they are correct.
BONDS OR NO BONDS.
WHIRLED DEATHWARD
ON A FLYING WHEEL
COUNCIL COMMITTEE TO
CUT THE WATER RATES
Income Allowed Only Upon the
Original Contra Costa Plant
Refuse to Recognize the Consolidation of
the Two Plants and Will Make a
General Reduction.
:. O&klaad Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. March 3.
THE Flr» and Water Committee of the
Oaklajid City CouncU held a secret
meeting last evening and fixed the
water rates for the coming year. But
the members of the committee pledged
each other that they would say nothing
about the new water rate ordinance until
It was presented to the committee of the
whole on Monday evening next, and so a
doee watch Is being kept In order that
the proceeding* may not leak out.
The Fire and Water Committee settled
one thing, as far as they are concerned,
that Is most Important. They refused to
allow the contention of the Contra Costa
Water Company that payment should be
made upca the combined Contra Costa
and IMngee artesian plants, and the rates
that will be reported by the committee
will be based upon the value of one plant.
The committee took for Its basis In the
fixing of the new rates what Is known
as the "original plant" — that is, the Con
tra Costa Water Company's plant, which
originally fumls-hed Oakland with water
ts.d which Is considered sufficient to fur
r.ish the town with water stilL The value
Of the artesian plant at Alvarado. which
has been absorbed by the Contra Costa
Water Company, was entirely discarded
and was not considered In the fixing of
the new rates.
When the water fight began this year
the Contra Costa "Water Company wanted
the city to allow Interest upon the amount
Invested In both of the plant* that they
now own and arguments were presented
by President J. H. T. Watkinson of the-
Contra Costa Water Company to show
that two plants were advantageous and
necessary to the city. This would have
nearly doubled the Income of the com
pany, for one plant Is considered nearly
•¦qua! to the other.
The Cret thine that the Fire and Water
Committee of the Council decided at their
secret session of last night was that they
¦would allow an Income upon only the
. riginal Contra Costa Water plant, with
<r-;ch additions and betterments as had
b*en made during the last year. Then tho
:":xing of the rates was proceeded with and
there was little difficulty in harmonizing
the opinions of the different members of
the committee.
Substantially the same form of an ordi
nance was prepared this year as last year
ar-d the came method of figuring water
rates was adopted. There were some ad
<-.:stmentß and changes made which will
amour.t to a cut In the aggregate Income
of the company, but to what extent these
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
25Haii- Cussed
Foi?. 25c-
This week only, a bottle of that
fine El Perfecto Rouge given away
with each hairdressing or purchase.
J23 Stockton Street
Calvarian Services.
Services will be held at 3 o'clock every
Sunday afternoon at St. Mary's Cathe-
dral during Lent, under the auspices of
the Calvarian Society. The way of the
cross will be made, and there will be a
discourse, followed by benediction with
the blessed sacrament. As a lenten prac-
tice, many Catholic people of the city
generally visit the church on these occa-
sions. The speakers and the subjects of
the sermons are: March 4, "Peter, the
Apostle." Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast;
March 11, "Magdalene the Penitent."
Rev. Charles A. Ramm; March 13. "John
the Beloved." Rev. James P. Moran:
March 25. "Caiaphas. tne Priest." Rev.
William R. McGough; April 1. Passion
Sunday, "Pilate, the Judge/ Rev. Cornel-
ius Kennedy; April S, Palm Sunday,
"Mary, the Mother," Rev. Thomas O'Mal-
ley.
Ladles, come view "Keith'a" fine mil-
linery exhibit next Friday and Saturday,
and have something sweet to think of
during Lent. SOS Market street. • •
Ladies, come view "Keith's" fine mil-
linery- exhibit next Friday and Saturday,
and have something sweet to think of
during Lent. SOB Market st. *
music, games and ' dancing, after -which
refreshments were served. Those present
were: Misses Frances Zimet. Mlna Hock
enberry, Annie Gallagher, Tillie Macphee,
Nellie Gallagher, LiUie Hennlng, Loretta
Gallagher. Pearl Gunsauls, Mac Galla
gher, Messrs. Harry Voorhies, Bert Zol-
Unger, Charlie Quinten, Joe O'Brien, Leo
Kane, Peter Gallagher, Joe Curley, Wil
fred Lyman and Charlie Gallagher.
A pleasant social gathering was held
at the residence of Miss Amelia Smith
Sunday evening, February 18. The prin
cipal feature cf the evening was the sing
ing of Eugene Dcs Spar, Warren Lester,
Maggie McDonald and Lillian Wicht.
Those present wtre: 1 Mr. and Mrs. Smith,
Eugene Dcs Spar, Amelia Smith, John
Jamna, Mamie Dcs Spar, Jack Callan,
Lillian Wicht, Warren Lester^ Bertha
Oettl, Frank McCarty, Maggie McDonnell,
Alfred Blackman and Ben Cullen.
A. "violet tea" was given last Saturday
afternoon by Miss Libbie Wilbur at her
residence, 521 Hill street. Her guests were:
Miss Edith Russell, Miss Zoe Root, Miss
Gertrude Halsey Miss Cornelia McKinne,
Miss Ethel Young, Mfss Ruthie Root, Mtsa
Mlnnehaha Taylor, Miss Edith Wilbur.
Miss Maud Root, Miss Lydie Taylor and
Miss Lila McKinne.
A very pleasant birthday surprise party
was given at the residence of Mrs. George
W. Elder, 455 Valencia street, on Friday,
Feb. 23, in honor to Miss Lois Perclval.
The evening was spent in music, games
and dancing, after which a delightful sup
per was served. Those present were: Lois
Percival. Elise Quentin, Irene Wichman,
Beatrice May, Essie Clunan, Edna Coul
ter, May Smith, Mary Percival, Marie
Sherien, Bertha Dettmus, Miss Simons,
Mrs. J. Becsey and Mrs. Elder.
A reception in honor of Miss K. Lynch
of Los Angeles was recently given by Mrs.
M. E. Kllcommon. Music and dancing
were the features of the evening. Those
present were: Mr. Duane, Professor
Berges, Mr. Kilcommon, Dr. Shemanski
and wife. Captain Nelson and wife, J.
Sullivan and wife, S. Shemanski, Mrs.
Lynch, Mrs. Favian. Misses T. Sheman
ski, M. Tanian, A. Tanian, K. Tanian, K.
Lynch, M. Gleason, L. Gleason, C. Mc-
Andrewß, M. Kilcommon and Master J. J.
Kilcommon.
Club Parties.
The second trolley party given by
W. C. Hanke on the special party
car "Hermosa" took place on the
eve of Washington's birthday." Those
in the party were: Charles I* Nld
erost, Mrs. A. Russinger, Fremont R.
Nash, Charles Miner Nash, Miss G. E.
Robinson, William J. Citron, B. Fried
man, C. S. Robinson, Arthur E. Spencer,
Miss Irene Goodell, Charles E. Goodell,
Fred Kreutzberger, Milton S. Hagen, Miss
Lizzie G. Walsh, Otto A. Wanek, Miss
Mac Byron, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Hanke, F.
M. Warren. Miss Adelaide A. Haubold, J.
E. Miller, Albert Zeimer, Miss Mamie
Todt, Hugh T. Copeland, Miss Lydla Ya
ser, Frank G. Gregory, Charles H. Hanke
r., Rob Roy, Miss Grace O. Burmelster,
Sylvin Selig and Miss Queenle Siedenberg.
The party arrived at the ocean beach at
10 o'clock and danced till midnight. Mu
sic was furnished by Harry Scott, accor
dion; A. Grantfleld and H. Davis, banjos.
Last Wednesday night the Society of Old
Friends celebrated the opening of its new
headquarters and club rooms, corner Fifth
and Market streets, by a social and high
Jinks. During the evening the officers lor
the present term were installed by Judge
C. Gray. Twenty-five new members were
elected. The annual picnic of the Oil
Friends will be held at Fairfax Park, San
Rafael, on Sunday, May 6. The fishing
excursion to the Farallon Islands will not
take place until June. A committee was
appointed, consisting of R. L. Yanke, Clar
ence Gray, Dr. F. F. Lord, Melville Her
mann and William Koehler, to get up an
entertainment and masquerade ball at an
early date.
The following board of officers was In
stalled: Past president, James O'Connor;
president, A. C. Cunningham; first vice
president. Judge E. P. Mogan; second vice
president, Harry Nieman; third vice pres
ident, F. F. Jones; secretary. J. E. Slin
key; treasurer, Owen Paul Sutton; collect
or. Rod P. Lewis; marshal, Thomas H.
Lawler; sergeant-at-arms, Mark Ettl'ng;
medical examiner. Dr. F. F. Lord; pie
late. Judge A. B: Treadwell; master of
ceremonies, Dr. J. G. Crawford; assistant
master of ceremonies, George Simmons;
director of amusements, Tom Tregelia?;
assistant director of amusements, Dr. Vic
tor J. Steams; pianist, H. C. Gottliebson;
standard bearer, Colonel Alfred Perrler;
chaplain, Major Edwin Lewis; patriarch.
Judge Robert Ferral; attorney, Clarence
Gray; commissary, Armand Barbier; as
sistant commissary, Charles G. Butler; or
ganist, Professor R. L. Yanke; choir di
rector, H. D. Mitchell; band master, Abo
Wise; druggist,. Dr. j.W. G.^Mizner; under
taker. Colonel J. C. O'Connor; grave dig
ger, Aaron Meyer, assistant grave digger,
M. Rothenberg; sergeant of police, J. E.
Creed; commodore. A. B. Spreckels; stew
ard, Fred .Raabe; assistant stewprri,
Charles Kaufmann; photographer, Will
iam Shew; auditor, H. C. Osmont; poet,
Walter H. Darby; cook at bullsheal
breakfasts, Barney • Galindo; assistant
cook at bullshead breakfasts, Dan Slin
key; carver at bullshead breakfasts. Dr.
J. S. Knowlton; baker at clambakes, P. H.
Hink; cook at barbecues, B. B. Chattmnn;
Installing officer. Judge George H. Caba
niss; assistant Installing officer, Hon. T.
J. Crowley; board of directors, Dr. F. F.
Lord, J. P. Groom, Melville Hermann,
Harold Unsworth, Commodore James
Packer. A. S. Page, Judge Charles T. Ccn
lan and Dr. Ernest Heymans.
Las Fiestas gave their second party on
February 21, at the residence of Mrs. M.
Powers, 1406 Grove street. The young peo
ple passed a delightful time, indulging in
dancing and singing. The spacious draw
ing room was tastefully decorated by the
hostess with smilar and roses. At mid
night a sumptuous repast was spread ln
the dining room. Among those present
were: F. J. Williams, A. J. Falvey, Jo
seph Greene. A. A. Rossettl, V. H. Ros
settl, H. Hoover, F. Estep. W. Murray,
F. M. Byrnes, A. Nelson, W. Morton, J.
Small, H. Muller, C. Lindecker, M. Tomp
klns, Al Williams, J. White, Thomas
Powers. F. Daly, M. Cassidy, Mrs. J. Wil
liams, Misses G. Greene. M. Hannon, M.
Murphy, E. Hopper. I. Powers, B. Shan
nahan, S. Harlow. L. Harlow, L. O^Con
nor, A. Sheriden, L. Graft, R. Mullowney,
E Graff, Mrs. H. Muller, Miss Mansfield,
E. James, Mrs. Powers. Mr. and Mrs.
Daly, Misses F. and A. Donovan and B.
Johnson. . ¦ . „ -
Mrs. Henry L. Kohn of 633 Geary street
was tendered a genuine surprise party
by the members of her lodge. Franklin
Circle No. 115.-O: O. F., on the anniver
sary of ncr birthday on Monday evening.
Among those present , were: Mrs. C.
Blackmore, Mrs. H. Smith, Mrs. M. Sinze,
Mrs. H. L. Kohn, Mra. G. W. Scott. Miss
L. S. Sinze, Miss H. L. Wooll, Miss V.
Archer, Mrs. H. Ingersol and others.
The "Hermosa" parlor car, with a party
of young folk 3. left the terminus at
Eighth and Market streets Sunday even-
Ing, February 23, at 8 o'clock, and after
a prolonged ride, through the principal
parts of the city, it reached the Cliff,
where refreshments were served the trav
elers, and the remainder of the evening
was devoted to music ana dancing.
Those present were: The Misses Ida
Mooney, Theresa Cain, Kate Decry, Ha-
Eel Desmond, Mamie McSorley, Emma
Butzke, Annie Muller, Mamie Coßtello,
Annie Cain, Maude Spurr, Julia Powers,
Miss E. Karlln and Mrs. Rudie Arm
bruster; Messrs. Edward McSorley,
Charles Keeffe. Charles Decry. Charles
Kurreger. Jack Kahrs, Henry Prising,
Walter Fisher, Henry Elben. Charles
Armbruster, Dan Hart, Ernest Plimley,
George Johnson, George Relth and Rudie
Armbruster.
The tenth annual ball of the County
Leitrim Social dub was given at Teu
tonia Hall, Howard street, near Ninth,
on Saturday evening last. The attend
ance was quite large, and It was one of
the most successful affairs ever given un
der the asupices of the society. The
grand march was started at 9 o'clock, led
by Wlllliam Gilheany and Miss May
Burke. . jSS%BS3» > * r »BßßJa' '•¦&*&ap*&imgltis£
The following officers of the. club were
present: President. R.J. O'Reilly; vice
president. P. C. Morton; recording sec
retary, P. M. McGushin; financial sec
retary, M. J. Moran; .- treasurer, P. J.
Meehan; sergeant-at-arms, P. -Smith;
trustees— J. H. Dolan, R. McNulty, P. F.
Donohoe; W. Keegan, F. Conlan; commit
tee of arrangements— P. McKeon, J. Rell
ly, M. O'Reiily, T. Rooney, B. Keville. M.
McDermott, J. Lane: reception committee
— D. Toomey, P. F. Dugan, Thomas Lane,
M. Dulgnan. M. Lane, J. Bohan ,Sr., P.
O'Reilly; floor director, William Gil
heany; floor committee— P. F. Donohoe.
F. Conlan, J. J. Mogan, J. Morton, J.Bo
han Jr. The annual picnic of the club
will "be given at Schuetzen Park on July
16 next. ' " "
In the Future.
Mr. and Mrs! "William Newman will be
pleased to see their friends Sunday after
noon, March 4, from 2 to 5 o'clock, at 1322
Fillmore street. .
Miss Julia Herzog of San Rafael will be
at home with her sister, Mrs. H. Lichten
stein.: Saturday ¦ afternoon, March 10, at
1426 Jones street. ?-.,
The Garibaldi Guard, M. A. S.. will hold
Its eighteenth grand annual ball this
evening at Garibaldi Hall, 423 Broadway.
The regular monthly entertainment and
dance of the Native Sons of Vermont will
take ¦ place at Odd Fellows' Hall •on | Fri
day evening, March 9. The following pro
gramme, has been arranged. for the even
ins: "Prologue, "Pagliacci" (Leoncavallo).
•-I-M l l l l- i-i 1 1 11 1 11 1 1 1 n i M"M' ¦!¦ n :¦ 1 1 1 1 1 i n ii 111 1 n i u h-t-
i CITY oF^fe PARIS
''• DRY GOODS COMPANY.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Robert Martin; recitationf selected. Miss
Mabel Richardson; song, "Mai poina oe
l a !H'' by Hawaiian Quintette— Thomas
&r,V, wa ' Thomas Hennessey, William Kai.
William S. Ellis and July Parker; waltz
song, "The Geisha." Mrs. Adelaide Kin
ross; selections, W. J. Hynes; nine min
utes exhibition of the Hoover system of
physical culture. "Tit for Tat," an origi
nal comedietta in one act, by Kenneth
McLeod. Cast— Miss Julia Avenue (a San
Francisco belle). Miss Hope Mosher; The
odort; Knob Hill (a San Francisco swell),
Kenneth McLeod. Scene— Drawing-room
in Avenue s residence on Van Ness ave
nue. Time— Morning, August 25, 1899.
"• Mr. and Mrs. S. Silverstone will cele
brate their crystal wedding on Sunday.
March 11. and will receive their friends
between 2 and 5 p. m., at their residence,
112 Lyon street.
Personals.
Mrs. John S. Bowman will sail for Eu
rope on the Hamburg- American steamer
Patricia March 24. She intends leaving
for New York in two weeks, and will be
at home Tuesday, the 6th, and Saturday,
the 10th, at 1420 Sutter street.
¦j Mrs. Seaman Freed will receive her
friends the first Thursday evening of each
month at her residence, 15 Morris avenue.
Mrs. Sig Kaufman has moved to 3019
Sacramento street; at home first and third
\V ednesdays of each month.
Los Angeles.
Mrs. Emeline Childs, assisted, by her
daughters, the Misses Ruth and Hortense
Childs, entertained with a masked ball
on Monday evening at the Childs resi
dence in South Main street, in honor of
their house guest, Miss Mary Chamberlain
of Philadelphia. The following were
guests: Ex-Senator and Mrs. Stephen M.
White. Mr. and Mrs. Nat. Wilshire. Mr.
and Mrs. Hancock Banning, Mr. and Mrs.
E. Hutchings, Mr. and Mrs. Roy Jones,
— r. and Mrs. O. W. Childs, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Hicks, Mrs. M. W. Longstreet, the
Misses Clara Carpenter, Julia Winston,
Louise Burke, Louise McFarland, Adelaide
Brown, Eliza Bonsall Carrie Waddilove,
Inez Clark, Nellie Clark, Beatrice Wig
more, Violet Wigmore, Libbie Wolters.
Gertrude Rodman, Ramona Shorb, Nannie
Dillon, Charlotte Workman, Susie Pat
ton, Kate Ridgeway, Alice Armitage.
Messrs. Fred Henderson, James Slawson,
William Wolters, Baron yon Wenethai,
William Workman Jr., Lieutenant Robert
Games, Charles Don yon Neumayer,
Charles Holterhoff, Robert Rowan, Alfred
Wilcox, Stepnen Childs, Marlon Wigmore.
Ned Field, C. E.- Rhone, Edward Hanna,
Thomas Flourney, E. Dowling, Lawrence
Van Winkle, Douglas Burnett, A. Red
mond, Drs. Bryant, Haines, Ainsworth.
Fillmore and Thorpe.
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Canfleld gave a large
reception on Monday evening in honor of
Mrs. Grace Mlltimore Stivers and the C.
S. de Lano Guitar and Mandolin Club.
During the early part of the evening a
musical programme was rendered and
dancing followed. Several hundred per
sons were present during the evening.
Mr. and Mrs. Owen P. Wolcott enter
tained on Monday evening at their home
in West Twenty-first street ln honor of
some Eastern friends. The rooms were
prettily decorated with smllax and poin
settias and the table with ferns and car
nations. The following guests were pres
ent: Mr. and Mrs. R. Dering, Mr. and
Mrs. Saeger, Mr. and Mrs. Church, Mr.
and Mrs. John Atkinson, Mr. and Mrs.
and the Misses Grace and Maude
Dering of Marshalltown, lowa, and Mr.
and Mrs. Gore and Mr. and Mrs. Shettle
of this city.
Mr. and Mrs. E. F. C. Klokke enter
tained with cards on Tuesday evening at
their home on South Figueroa street. The
following is a list of the invited' guests:
Captain and Mrs. Cameron E. Thorn, Dr.
and Mrs. Granville MacGowan, Mr. and
Mrs. John F. Francis, Captain and Mrs.
Gilbert Overton, Mr. and Mrs. Willard
Stimson, Judge and Mrs. J. W. McKinley.
Major and Mrs. W*. H. Bonsall, Mr. and
Mrs. I. N. Van Nuys, Mr. and Mrs. C.
Modini-Wood, Major and Mrs. J. H. Nor
ton, Mr. and Mrs. John Wigmore, Major
and Mrs. W. G. Wademeyer, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Silent. Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Kelsey, Mr. and Mrs. L. \V. Blinn, Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Perry, Mr. and Mrs. J.
S. Slauson, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Newhall,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Prager. Mr. and
Mrs. E. B. Miller, Mr. and Mrs. J. T.
Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Dwight Whiting, Mr.
and Mrs. Alfred Solano, Mrs. Margaret
Hughes, Mrs. Josephine Butler, Mrs. L.
C. Goodwin, George w. Parsons, W. L..
Graves, C. C. Davis and H. O. Collins.
The Misses Mary and Ethel Beck of
Chicago, 111., were the guests of honor
at a luncheon given at the Sterry resi
dence on Wllshire boulevard on Saturday
afternoon by Miss Jane Perley and Miss
I^ora Sterry. Luncheon was served from
small tables, each having its own color
scheme. The other guests were Misa
Eliza Bonsall, Misa Christine Kurtz, Miss
Azubah HigKlns, Miss Mary Darling, Miss
Mary Hunsaker, Miss Edna Bicknell, Miss
Helen Dnggett cf Pasadena, Miss Nellie
Clark,, Miss Inez Clark, Miss Virginia
Dryden, Miss Elizabeth Walters, Miss
Angelina Benton. Miss Maude Masse,
Miss Beatrice Wigmore, Miss Violet Wig
more, Miss Louise Burk, Miss Mac Bos
byshell, Miss Maybell Rendall, Mls3
Louise Clark, Miss Marian Shinn, Miss
Mazle Mather of San Jose, Miss Louise
McFarland. Miss Gertrude Mason, Misa
Bessie Menefee, Miss Leonora Muse of
¥»."" 7J el( L n Kem Per, Miss
Edith Field, Miss Ada Story of Pasadena
£f. lss H n^ Carleton, Miss Mac Smith!
Miss Adelaide Monfort of Cincinnati Miss
Alma Busser, Miss Helen Booth Miss
Sarah Taylor, Miss Beatrice Germain and
Miss Pearl Germain.
Miss Mabelle Randall gave a poster
luncheon Friday at her home in South Al
varado street ln honor of the Misses Eva
and Mabel Bond of Toledo Ohio The
place cards were in poster designs. The
following were guests. Mesdames H M
Sale. J. W. A Off, R. L. Horton. A. J.
Waters and Albert Busch; Misses May
Newton, Clara Howes, Christine Kurti,
Nan Brown of Pasadena, Gertrude Qood
ing, Maude Masse, Elsie Milner, Henrietta
Milner, Bessie Bedell of San Francisco
Lucy McGoodwin and Virginia Dryden
The reception given on Friday afternoon
at the Earl residence, in Wllshire boule
vard, by Mesdames E. T. Earl, J. G. Mo-
Bin and Jaro F. yon Schmidt was one of
the most elegant of the season. The fol
lowing ladies assisted the hostesses in re
ceiving: Mesdames Granville MacGowun
C-vC -v N ' a te . r J7i. R Vr A; Mlner . George Curr,
John S. Griffith, V. Harrell, W. A. Baike"
W. A. Newhall, C. E. Hahn, W. F. Bots
ford, H. G. Otis, F. Griffith, John Plater,
Longstreet and the Misses Botsford W.
Sterry, Wolters and Carrie Waddllovo.
Mrs. Nettie Mueller has as her guesta
Mr. and Mrs. Percy W. Weldner.
Miss Daisy Bell has returned from &
prolonged visit with her sister, Mrs. J. A.
Phillips of lowa.
Mrs, J. Torrey Connor and her daughter.
Miss Jane Conner, have gone to San
Francisco.
The engagement of Miss Bessie Menetee
to Glen Edmonds is announced.
Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Bramton are visit
ing: relatives In Stockton.
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Carpenter have re
turned from a visit with friends In River
side.
Mrs. Newton Bates of Ban Diego la vis
iting friends ln this city.
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Brain have returned
from their wedding tour and will reside
at 1523 Carolina street, where Mrs. Brain
will receive her friends on Mondays after
March 1. ¦ —
Mrs. William M. Humphreys, accom
panied by her niece, has gone to Illinois
to vißit relatives. They expect to remain
during the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Wllloughby Rodman and
family have gone to the seaside. During
their absence Mr. and Mrs. 8. O. Bond of
Toledo, Ohio, will occupy their home on
Orchard avenue.
Mr. and Mrs. "Wilbur F. Parker have
returned from a visit to friends in San
Bernardino. ' • • --; :<
Mr. and Mrs. H. M. Sale entertained a
party of friends at "Idleaales," their Ter
minal residence, on Sunday.
Mrs. H. W. Chrisman has gone East
for an extended visit with relatives.
A. P. Norton has returned from a busi
ness trlD to New York.
Mrs. - Robert- J. Burdette of Pasadena
has gone to San Francisco.
¦A. G. Duncombe of New York la here
on Tiii ilni in ~ r~PTfr)HiiilJ * IHrgli
Charles Michelson of Ban Francisco,
-who has been the guest of Mr. and Mrs.
$100
A YEAR.
16
PAGES.
The Greatest
itLS- lU.USTRATED PAPER A YE
I OP THE WEBT-THE I
WEEKLY GALL.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. •A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building;. ' 1170 Market . St., cor. Taylor, rooms
18-29. i with the electric neeille without pain or
¦car. Permanency guaranteed; hour* 1 to 4 p.m.
. The treatest ' skin f ocd and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN, TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by maklnc the skin firm.
It renders ¦ th* . skin soft,
smooth, clear, whit* and .^»^^.
youthful. It Is a liquid. MMKIKi,
Any cream of the con- .JSTsW^nfittHs)
slstency of butter will ««Bs»twßb
stimulate the growth of /¦¦¦>* VL v lHif
hair on the face. Bran- \H^r^trwSmL
man Toilet Cream la IBK f TTIIW
guaranteed not to do so. (aB-tuHP
All drurslsta and at
office of A. W. TRAY- IfxSlll »/?
PENmToYArPILLS
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RKSTORATI YE. IXVIQORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABER. ALFB A : BRUNE. A»entfc
S3 Market street. 8. F.— (Send tot Circular).
fine Switches $I.oo^
Qulntonica Hair Tonic
35c bot.
poamo Sharrjpoo
5c pkg.
A Speaker From Massachusetts.
Asa C. Russell, one of the first business
men of the State of Massachusetts, is ln
this city on a pleasure trip and will ad
dress the meeting for men only at the
Young Men's Christian Association Audi
torium this afternoon, at 2 o'clock.
WILLEY WILL CASE
FINALLY SETTLED
Supreme Court Benders a Decision
Upholding the Contested
Trust Deed.
The Supreme Court has. played havoc
with the decisions of the Superior Court
in che now famous Willey estate cases.
The estate was valued at over a quarter
of a million dollars, and since the death
of Mr. Willey many complications have
arisen. The disinherited son, who con
tested the will, was divorced by his wife
and ordered to pay alimony, and then
ended his life by the gas route. Three
cases ln litigation have gone through the
courts, and finally the trust bequests of
the elder Willey have been held valid.
Amasa P. Willey made a deed of trust
of all of his property, amounting to J300,
000, to E. W. Carpenter and Dr. William
Boericke. He also provided that his son,
Charles Walter Willey. should have J5OO
a year for life, but otherwise the son was
disinherited. The old man also made a
will to the same effect as the trust, by
which the proceeds of his property should
be disposed of to certain charities and
relatives. _
Upon the death of Amasa illey his
son filed a contest, claiming the trust
deed was void, the same issues being
raised in the Fair case. Judge Hebbard
decided that the trust was void and the
case was appealed to the Supreme Court.
Yesterday the Supreme Court decided
that the trust is valid, thus reversing; the
decision of the lower court.
Pending the appeal to the Supreme
Court Charles went into the Probate
Court and obtained a decision by Judge
Coffey that the will and deed were both
void. The Supreme Court also reverses
this decision.
Before young Willey died he made a
will leaving his property to Mrs. L. M.
Muirhead and others. This will was con
tested by young Willey's relatives, who
lost their suit, as the will was upheld by
the lower court. This, however, was a
barren victory/ for the decision of the
Supreme Court upholding the trust deed
wid giving the entire property of the
«&er Willey to the trustees leaves no es
taMk in the name of the younger man.
THE Mardi Gras ball brought to a
brilliant finish a season that has
been remarkable for the novelty,
number and magniScence of its en
tertainments. The first weeks of Lent are
pure to be rigidly observed, and then a
number of delightful informal affairs are
I>romist.tl for the mid-Lenten season. Be-
Fides the ball the past week was notable
for the number of elaborate dinners given
previous to the great event.
Joseph D. Grant, president of the San
Francisco Art Association, entertained
thirty-four friends in the Red room of the
Bohemian Club, seating them all at a
round taUe decorated with oak leaves and
almond blossoms. His guest*? were: Mr.
:*nd Mrs. William H. Babcock. Mr. and
Mri. John B. Casserly, Mr. and Mrs. Wil-
Uam H. Crocker, Mr. and Mrs. Howard
Blanchard Cl.ase, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph A.
Donohoe, Viscount and Alme. de Lalande,
Mr and Mrs. Frederick S. Moody. Mr.
•mc Mis. J. R. K. Nutt.ill. Mr. and Mrs.
Henry T. Scjtt, Mr. and Mrs. Mountford
S. \\ ilson. Miss Hoad. Miss Mabel Mc-
Clay. Miss Laura McKinstry. Miss Mary
Scott. Mis« Carrie Taylor. Miss Ward of
London, Allen St. J. Bowie, J. W. Byrne.
Samuel H. Boardman. John Lawpon, Os
car T. Sewall and A. B. Williamson
Mrs. William Robinson Whittier enter
tainc-d a party of sixteen at her home at
the corner of Jackson and Laguna streets
F. Mlchelson of 1 Olive court for the
past month, was given a pleasant fare
well on the evening of his departure by
a number- of his friends, whoae best
wishes go with him to his San Francisco
home. Music and dancing were enjoyed
up to a late hour, when light refresh
ments were served. Among those present
were: Christian Michelson. Mr. Steel, Mr.
and Mrs. Don J. Rhoda, Miss Alice Lyons,
Mr. Orbe, S. E. Rhoda, Charles Michelson,
Mr. Knabock, V. H. Rhoda and Fred
Michelson. ¦ ?
THE GUMP COLLECTION
ATTRACTS ATTENTION
High-Class Oil Paintinga by Euro
pean Artists to Be Sold at
Auction.
The Gamp collection of high-class oil
paintings, now on exhibition at Native
Sons* Hall, is attracting widespread at
tention, and a number of art lovers vis
ited the hall yesterday to inspect the dis
play preparatory to bidding at the auction
sale to-morrow evening. The genius and
painstaking efforts of some of the best
artists of the French. Belgian, German.
Spanish and Italian schools may be seen
at the exhibition.
There are many noteworthy products of,
the palnter*» brush, and among these
may be mentioned the following subjects
and their creators: "The Duet." by
Caesar Detti; "An Interesting Story," by
Ernest Duez (deceased); "The Orphans,"
by Adolf Eberle; "Pastoral," Edouard
Debat-Ponsan; "Caravan Arriving at Bis
kra at Night," J. B. P. Lazerges; "King
Charles I, After the Battle of Alarston
Moor/ Jean Guillaume Rosier; "Rural
Scene," Narclsse Diaz; "The Last'lnter
view," Louis Jacques David; "Marius on
the Ruins of Carthage," Charles Le Brun;
"Cattle in the Meadow." Julten Dupre.
and many others, the aggregate value of
which is in the neighborhood of $150,000.
A number of the paintings have been
hung in the Paris Salon and have re
ceived medals both at that institution and
in other European art centers. Each pic
ture has been finely executed in the beat
; style of the painter. The two painted by
! David and Le Brun have been owned by
the French Government and were sold to
private parties by Napoleon. . ... -
The collection will be on exhibition all
day to-morrow and the sale wilt take
place in the evening. A handsome illus
trated catalogue has been prepared, con
taining the description of each painting.
There will undoubtedly be a large gather
ing of lovers of the beautiful, all desirous
of adding to their private collection at a
comparatively .reasonable expenditure,
and the sale promises to be attractive in
every particular.
Arrival of an Elegant Selection of Shapes and Styles, in
Black and Colors.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
BE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco.
UNION SQUARS.
ORDERS BY MAIL OR EXPRESS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.
able progressive euchre party last Friday
evening in honor of Mrs. Wash Narvell
prior to the latter's departure for the East
at their apartments ln the Langham.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs Wash
Narvell, Miss Lyda Brown, Edmond Bec
sey, Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Reguln, Miss Ger
trude Stockweather, T. H. Cooke, Mrs. J.
A. Becsey, Matt Van Devere, Mr. and
Mrs. Galen Brown, Bert Perry and Roland
Becsey.
A very enjoyable surprise party waa
tendered Tuesday evening, February 22,
to Miss Miriam Hyman by her friends at
her residence, 713 Ellis street, in honor of
her eighteenth anniversary. Those pres
ent were: Julia Greenbaum, Theresa
Michaels, Esther Rosenbaum, Bessie Sel
llck. Mater Herman, Miss Pauline Davis,
Flossie Seeler, Lillian Silverstein and Mrs.
Silverstein.
A most enjoyable surprise party was
tendered George Booth prior to his de
parture to the Paris Exposition, by Miss
Anna Kerrigan, at her residence, 3014
Twenty-ilf th street, February 21. The
evening was spent in music, dancing and
games. Among those present were: Miss
Anna Kerrigan, George Booth, Miss L.
Keegan, Miss Elise Walsh, J. Deveraux,
Miss Cltta Cameron, Captain J. Lynch,
Miss M. Keegan, Frank Kerrigan, E. R.
Owen, Miss K. Narr, E. Grace, Mr. and
Mrs. R. Kavanaugh, Miss Creaeon, N.
Crawford. Miss M. Redmond, Hugh Fitz
natrick. Miss Cora Austin, J. Fitzpatrlck.
Miss Francis, H. Vandewater, Miss I*>r
etta Kelly, Miss Maroney, Miss Julia Mc-
Nally, Ike Peckner, Miss M. Gleason, Mr.
Reilly. Miss S. Delahanty, Roy Kay, Miss
Jackson. J. Goggins, Miss Mac . Merrill,
J. Grace, Miss Maggie Booth, E. Mealey,
Miss M. Williams, George Moss, Miss
Lena Beck, J. O'Brien, Miss Mac Kerri
gan, Willie Seligman, Miss Mac Gafflgan,
Dr. J. Mealey, Miss Masting, E. Felvey,
Joe Lore, J. Kennedy, Lester Jennings of
New York, John Conception, N. Calaghy,
J. Kerrigan, D. Kerrigan, Thomaa White
and E. Christenson.
Miss Ohlandt entertained several young
ladies at luncheon on Tuesday. It was a
very elaborate affair, the tables being ar
tistically decorated in pink. Covers were
laid for fourteen.
A very enjoyable evening was spent at
the residence of Mrs. B. Forrest, 789
Hayes street, on Thursday, February 22,
the occasion being a surprise party ten
dred to her daughter Rosetta by some of
her many friends. Those present were:
Miss Rosetta Forrest, Miss Nellie Keeffe.
Miss May Healy, Miss Jennie CTToole.
Miss Addle Brickley, Miss Grace Slater,
Hiss Kthel Gearin, Miss Clara Trow
bridge. Miss May Kelly, Miss Jennie'
Healey, Miss Clara Berg, Miss Loretta
Valentine, Miss Agatha Carter, Miss Ad
die Palmer. Miss Annie Carter, Miss Eva
Jackson, Miss Amy Buckley. Miss Linda
Badger, Miss Ada Forrest; Masters Steve
Boro, Harry Willlts, Lennie Clark, Malvln
McGuire, Charles Strickland. G. Elam,
Jake Monasch, John Valentine, Ray En
right, Robert Finn, Will Costlgan, Cecil
Bass, George Delhanty, Paul Berg, Will
Heinz, George Johnson. Hugo Schussler,
Charles Keeffe, Leo Brickley.
A dinner was given to William P.
Brooks on Washington's birthday at his
residence, 1108 Steiner street, to celebrate
the eightieth anniversary of his birth
He received the congratulations of his
children and grandchildren and also his
Masonic brethern.
A most enjoyable farewell surprise party
was tendered Miss Minnie Solomon on
Tuesday evening, February 20, at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. I. Raphael, 1207
Pacilic avenue, Alameda. The evening
was passed very pleasantly with music,
singing, games and dancing, after which
a sumptuous repast was served.
"inong those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
I. Raphael, Miss Minnie Solomon, Mr.
and Mrs. D. A. Levy, Mr. and Mrs. J. S.
Oppenheim, G. Aronson, Dr. and Mrs. L
T. Crantz, and Mrs. William Wolfe,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Adams, Mr. and Mrs.
G. Karpel, Mr. and Mrs. J. Floereheim
and Mr. and Mrs. William Creger.
Miss May Wallace was the recipient of a
very pleasant party last Friday evening
at her home on Cumberland street, it be
ing the anniversary of her birth. Tne
young folks were most delightfully enter
tained by Miss Fannie Wallace. The even
ing was spent in games, dancing and sink
ing, after which the guests adjourned to
the dining-room, where refreshments
were served. After the repast Mias
Gladys Rule entertained the guests with a
violin solo accompanied by Miss May
Wallace. Miss Bertha Ochs rendered
several musical selections, while Mids
Lizzette Wetjen entertained with coon
selections.
At the residence of Mrs. Belle Harris,
1954 Bush street, a very enjoyable musical
was given Sunday evening, February IS,
ln honor of Mrs. Kline Galland of Seartlo,
Wash., previous to her departure for New
York City. The hostess was assisted In
entertaining by her daughter, Miss Sa^lie
Harris. An excellent musical programme
was rendered, followed by a collation.
Among those present and who assisted to
make the affair a success were: Mrs.
Kline Galland, Mrs. Robert Grostein, Miss
Gertie Sternberg, Mr. and Mrs. flyman
Frederick, Mrs. G. Cline, Miss Sallie
Cline, Miss Babette Cline, Abe Spttzer,
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Blen, Miss Gu.«sie
Biy, Miss Hulda Bly, Mr. and Mrs. Sisr
mund Fischer, Miss Cella Fischer. Mr.
and Mrs. G. Lederer, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Adelsdorfer, Mrs. Lena Waldman, Edward
Belasco, Mr. and Mrs. Z. H. Harris, Miss
Ella Jacobson. Mennie Jacobson, William
Meyer, Miss Flossie Sllverstone. B. Good
man, S. Harris and Ethan Harris.
A most delightful party web given by
Miss Ruth Turner on Friday evening,
February 23, at her home, 878 Fell street,
to a number of her friends. She was as
sisted in receiving by her sister, Mrs. Jo
seph F. Brennan.
A very pleasant birthday party wm
riven to Miss Mac Gallagher on the 26th
of February, at her residence, 1827V4 Mar
ket street. The evening was passed in
LADIES' WAISTS
(Second F100r)...
Silk. Cashmere and Flannel.
SILK SHIRT WAISTS— BIack and all the latest tints and
shades in solid colors, selected as a choice line G*fc C(\
to sell for. tPO.OU
SILK SHIRT WAlSTS— Striped and fancy silks, all late and
tasteful effects and newest spring tints and CMC) CA
shades, ordered specially to sell for tplw»t)U
SILK DRESS WAISTS— Great variety of latest styles and
colors, in applique and newest seasonable ef- QOA AA
fects for evening wear, upward from tJ)wUiUU
FRENCH CASHMERE and FLANNEL WAISTS— Neat and
stylish, in light and dark colors for the season, (t*C A A
and ordered as good value for $t/»UU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAKCH 4, 1900.
is Your Face Unwomanly?
iH&ve you dark shadows on your lips che^k
chin or person? If you have. B. B. B. English
«"aramel is Ju«t what you want. It removes and
cures thi* unfortunate blemish. After one ap-
plication your face will be as free from hair as
the palm of your hand.
B. B. B. Kntiish Caramel Is indorsed by the
medical profession, and has had twenty years
of eucccesful practice in England and on the
Continent. It is. In fact, the only satisfactory
eradication of superfluous hair known to sci-
ence.
We guarantee a cure ln every cas« under-
taken. Women attendant*. Prompt attention
to mall orders.
MRS. DIETZ. formerly with the Burden.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
838 Market St., San Francisco.
Hatrdreaslnc:. 25c; manienrln*. 260; sh*m-
poolng. 2Sc; facial mwa«e and steamlngr^^
FURNITURE BUYERS !
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
IN AZJU LINES OF
FURNITURE. CARPETS. LINOLEUMS
MATTINGS. ETC# i *' v ' 1 " : ' uals '
Prom 10 to 20 per cent on account of enlarrinr
•tore. Must make room for new roods. Try
Biy credit nyrtem. Th. onjy liberal credu
boure on the Coast. ««»ii
Estimate* riven en complete housefurnlshlnr
Prices lower than ever.
7\ BRILLIANT.
338-340 POST ST.
Bet. Powell and Stockton stt.
Open evenlncs.
Free delivery Oakland and roburbt.
f " " "--—----.11--
1 fl A I A rti u>cat * d °* Market f I
1 \T t\ *>«»« section, places '
]'! Alii/ of amusement and '
t r>T\ I \ll\ depots: ltOD rooms. !
t- IIKANIl 900 with- bath, at-
? UUiinl/ tached. The largest
* • and finest hotels In "
I HATCI C the world - Amerl- |
i nuicLj^ a n n and Euro Dean i
T3TSTTOIII7C FOR BARBEIIS. BAK-
ijll UoXlill^ '">• bootblacks, bath-
1/IIUWUiiM^, billiard tables.
¦brewer*, bookbinders, candy-maker*, canners.
dyem. Hour mills, foundries laundries paper-
fcanrers. printers, painters, shoe factories, .ta-
blemen, tar-rocfers, tanner., tailors, etc
BUCUAN V* UROB..
Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento S«
A | a7he foundation o f j \. •
J' 1 ! s o l G comfort is, a pair j , k.
i iof }^ST*S sh o es ;j V
|j|j i ; for me n and women Ml |
lIBSS MARKET (oB^i ¦¦¦¦
26
SOCIETY
Those at table were: Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Robinson Whittier. Miss Gertrude
Cairoll, Miss Ella Goodall, Miss Florence
Josselyn, Miss Ruth McNutt. Miss The
rese Morgan, Miss Adelaide Murphy, Miss
Isabel O'Connor, A. F. Allen, Willard
Drown, Frederick A. Greenwood, George
E. P. Hall. Ogden Hoffman. Maxwell Mc-
Nutt and N. N. Wilson.
William Sanborn gave a dinner at the
University Club. Those present were: Wil
iiam Sanborn. Mrs. T. Z. Blakeman, Miss
Leontine Blakeman. Miss Charlotte Ellin
wood. Miss Fannie Loughbcrough, Miss
Josephine Loußhborough, Miss Alice
Owen, Miss Polhemus, Miss Sanborn, Ar
thur Callahan. Lieutenant Kelly, Mr.
Maddox, John Sanborn and Burbank
Somers.
Miss Adelaide Murphy gave a luncheon
on Monday, February M, in honor of Miss
Mary Greenwood Josselyn at the Univer
sity Club. Miss Murphy's guests were:
Mrs. Charles Josselyn, Mrs. William Rob
ineon Whittier, Mrs. Samuel C. Bucklee,
Mrs. Horace D. Pillsbury, Mrs. Knight
Smith, Miss Mary Greenwood Josselyn.
Miss Leontine Blakeman, Miss Genevieve
Carolan. Miss Gertrude Carroll, Miss Caro
Crockett, Miss Margaret Cole, Miss Kath
erine Dillon, Miss Sarah Drum. Miss Char
lotte EUinwood, Miss Flora Elmore, Misb
Lillian Follis, Miss Ethyl Haser. Miss
Clara Hamilton. Miss Olive Holbrook,
Miss Helen Hopkins, Miss Edna Hopkins,
Miss Georgina Hopkins, Miss Florence
Josselyn, Miss " Alysse Latham, Misa
Edith Mcßean. Miss Maenie Mc-
Nutt, Miss Ruth McNutt, Miss Frances
Moore, Miss Therese Morgan, Miss
Nichols, Miss Cornelia O'Connor. Miss
Edith Preston, Miss Margaret Sal
isbury, Miss Mary Scott, Miss Bertha
Bmith, MI-ns Edith Stubbs, Miss Carrie
Taylor, Miss Grace Taylor and Miss Leila
Voorhies. .
They're Engaged.
The wedding of Sol Rosendorn to Miss
Llllle Jacobs will take place at the resi
dence of Mrs. William Jacobs. 1042 Golden
Gate avenue, on Sunday afternoon, March
11, at 2:30 o'clock. Owin? to the 111 health
of the bride's mother the wedding will be
very quiet.
Wedding Bells.
On the evening of the 21st or February
H. A. Towle and Miss Tillie A- Braver
were married In the parlors of the bride's
parents at 159 Russ street, Rev. J. Fuen
deling being the officiating clergyman. The
parlors were decorated with pink roses
and smilax. and In the bay window hung
a floral bell under which the young
couple stood during the ceremony. C. W.
Towle was the best man and Miss Emma
Braver, sister of the bride, was the brides
maid. Ab the bridal party entered Miss
Jennie Wright played the bridal march.
The bride was attired In white organdie
and lace, trimmed with orange blossoms,
and the bridesmaid wore white organdie
over pink. After the ceremony the newly
married couple and guests, forty In num
ber, repaired to the dining room, where a.
wedding supper was served and a pleas
ant evening waa spent. The bride was
the recipient of many handsome presents,
notably from friends of Buena Vista Par
lor of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West, of which she Is a past president.
Mr*. Towle Is also a prominent member
of Loyal Lodge of the Rebekah branch of
the Odd Fellows. Mr. and Mrs. Towle
have (one on a southern bridal trip.
Home Gatherlngs.
Mrs. Galen Brown r»v« a mort enjoy-Morning— Christian Science Bible Lesson at
11 o'clock; subject, "Soul."
First Christian, Twelfth street, near How
art—Rev. F. S. Ford.
IHrrt Churrh of Christ. Scientist. 123 gutter
rtren— The Bible and Science and Health,
With Key to Scriptures.
Morning— "Duty to Our Times." Evening—
"Causes of Opposition to Success."
Morning — "Reaching Forward." Evening 1 —
"Stony Places."
Morning — Lenten Meditation. "Peter's Peni
tence." Evening— "The Parable of the
Empty House."
Morning— "The Transfiguration." Evening
"How Faith Acts."
Morning— "Moses and His Faith." Evening 1 —
"The Meszage of Jesus to Toung Men.
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Geary and
Powell streets— Rev. John HemphilL
Morning— "Quench Not the Spirit.** Even-
Ing— "Rock or Sand Foundation— Which T"
Morning— "Our Influence." Evening— "The
Supreme Question."
California M. E., corner California and
Brodertck streets— P.ev. A. C. Bane.
Trinity Methofilst. oorner Market, Sixteenth
and Noe streets — Rev. Theodore H. Wood
ward.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
"Belief or Unbelief— Which?"
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Same.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Same.
Momlne— Sermon by the pastor.' Evening—
Colonel Selby will preach.
Morning — Union service. Afternoon — Service
at 4 p. m.
Mornlar— "Christ and Immortality." Even-
Ing— "Job's Pillow."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN 631.
— — XaAST NIGHT OS*—
..ALADDIN JR..
COMMENdNO
TO-MORROW, MONDAY,
EVENING,
EDWARD XL RICE'S SUPERB MUSICAL
ECCENTRICITY.
J "IT IS TO SCREAM WITH LAUGHTER!" [
THE
GIRL
FROM
PARIS
300-NIGHTS-800
4 NEW YORK |-
....A* th*.... '
J HERALD-SQUARE THEATER. I
FIRST TIMS AT POPtHLAR PRICES.
MAGNIFICENT SCEXERT.
GORGEOUS COSTUMES.
EXCELLENT CAST.
BEAUTIFUIf CHORUS.
THB FUNNIEST PRODUCTION OT MANY
SEASONS.
CommencifiK March 11 th and Thereafter.
SUNDAY MATINEES. By Popular Demand.
USUAL PRICES.
Good res erred seat In orchestra at Saturday
and Sunday matinees. Re.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
bei^iusl sin loved nin so
INGLESIDE
INGLESIDE
INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK.
COURSING PARK.
COURSING PARK.
-EIGHTY- -EIGHTY-
— EIGHTY— v —EIGHTY—
-EIGHTY- -EIGHTY-
CHAMPIONS
ny ¦ ¦¦DinilC
. l/HAMrIUNo
CHAMPIONS
...TO-DAY...
...TO-DAY...
Sunday, March 4th, 1900.
P. J. BEaXXtY, Judge;
H. MUUKAY, Slipper.
Mission-street Electric Cars direct
to Coursing Park in 20 Minutes.
INGLESIDE
INGLESIDE
INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK.
COURSING PARK.
COURSING PARK.
BLCAUSL Silt LOVED BIM SO
MECHANICS* PAVILION.
•m-PEOPLE SAW-« 72
NORRIS & ROWE'S
.. BIG - ;
TRAINED UN I MAI SHOWS
TESTERDAY.
THIS AFTERNOON. ...AT 1:30
THIS EVEN1NG...'...:.....:.AT 1:00
300—FEKFOHMIHO ANIMALS— 3OO
Brlnr the Little Men and Women !
A WONDERFUL. PERFORMANCE!
NO OLD ACTS!
EVERYTHING NEW!
Price*— Adulta, 2ge; ' Children. lOe.
BECAUSLM LOVED fllfliO
Morning — "Worthy Walking." Evening —
"Armed and Equipped."
St. Mary's C&thedral. Van Ness avenue and
OTarrell street— Rev. Father Prender
gast. V. G.
LATEST FRATERNAL NEWS
morrow night she will visit Fowler Lodge
at Fowler. 7th Golden Gate Lodge at Mo
desto, 9th Corona Lodge at Merced, 13th
Stella Lodge at San Jose, 17th Josephlna
Lodge at San Jose and 19th Clara Lodge
at Santa Clara.
The Elks.
San Francisco Lodge has changed the
date for its smoker. It will be given on
the 17th instead of the 9th inst.
Last Friday night about seventy-five
members of San Francisco Lodge paid a
fraternal visit to Oakland Lodge. San
Francisco Lodge has purchased one hun
dred tickets for the circus which will be
given by Oakland Lodge on the 18th. 19th
and 20th inst.
Sacramento Lodge gave a dancing party
In its hall last Tuesday night for mem
bers, their wives and lady friends. The
hall was tastefully decorated by the wives
of members with ferns, evergreens, flow
ers and vari-colored bunting, purple, the
color of the order, predominating. The
ladies were highly commended for their
work and the good taste they displayed.
There was music by an excellent or
chestra, a good programme of dances and
a most enjoyable evening was spent. To*
lodge served light refreshments.
Native Sons.
Those who are interested In the organi
zation of Volunteer Parlor will meet to
morrow night in Cabrillo Hall, Native
Sons' building, for the purpose of perfect
ing arrangements. It Is expected that this
new parlor will start In with two hundred
members.
Bay City Parlor tv visited by Grand
Trustee R. H. McNoble of Stockton laat
week. He was accompanied by J. J.
Handler, I>. D. G. P., and Grand Secre
tary Lunstedt. and after the visit there
was a banquet. This parlor will have a
trolley ride and a dance at th* beach on
the night of the 14th lnst. in aid of Its tfuo
celebration fund.
A canvass la being mad* In behalf of
Major Charles Boxton of National Parlor
for the otnee of grand marshal of the or
der, so that he shall be the grand marshal
of the 11*00 celebration. His service in the
National Guard during a period of sixteen
years and service In the California volun
teers at the Philippines ara urged in nib
favor for the position. The parior assertu
that in ten years it has not been repre
sented in the Grand Parlor officers.
Grand Trustee Will D. Shea will make
official visits as follows: March 6 to Lo»*
Banos Parlor, 6 Baker Parlor, 7 Hanfora
Parlor, 8 Vlsalia Parlor, D Mariposa Par
lor, 10 Hornitos Parlor, 12 Madera Parlor,
13 Yosemita Parlor, 23 Calaveras Parlor,
24 Tuolumne Parlor and 26 Oakdale Par
lor.
The decorations In Native Sons' Hall on
the occasion of the anniversary ball given
by Stanford Parlor were the conception
of the mind of A. F. Schleicher. one of the
members, and it was generally admitted
that it surpassed for originality, perfec
tion of details and softness of elfect any
previously seen in that halL The rose
colored arapery of soft materials waa
hung in most graceful and artistic folds
and was ornamented with ball trimming
of the same hue. The golden curtain at
the rear of the stage was a geia of the
decorator's art and was illumined with
a large number of electric lights, which
added much to the effect. Pots filled with
peach blossoms set on the floor ana
around which the danuers moved In the
grand march added very much to the
prettlness of the scene. The sashes worn
by the committeemen across the breast
under the dress vest were of watered pink
ribbon and were suggested by the ribbon
worn by the President of the French re
public It was an Innovation and a very
pretty one. The parlor has reason to feel
proud of its decorator member.
Native Daughters.
Golden State Parlor No. 60 on the even-
Ing of the 21st of last month had as visit
ors Past Grand President Miss M. B.
Wilkins. District Deputy Grand President
Mrs. J. A- Steinbach and Mrs. Griff of
Alta Parlor. There was an exemplifica
tion of the work which was very credit
able. Then there waa presented a farce
entitled "Proposing Under Difficulties,"
tne characters being by Miss M. Ducker,
Miss L. Kaiirenkrug, Miss M. Tietjen and
Miss T. Ducker. A collation followed the
tarce. Mrs. Lena Johnson of this parlor,
now of Crescent City, is here on a visit
to her mother.
Last Tuesday night Fremont Parlor had
a cascarone party in the banquet hall of
the Native Sons' building. Tnere was a
very large attendance, and there was
merrymaking and dancing till a late
hour. The affair, one of tne most pleas
ant given in a long time by this parlor,
was under the direction of a very eiticSent
committee of seventeen, of which Mrs.
Daniel 'Daniels was chairman and Miss
Mamie Toomey floor director.
Oro Fino Parlor No. 9 will give an enter
tainment and dance on next Wednesday
night in the banquet hall of the Native
Sons' building. The function ia In the
hands of an active committee that will
prepare an enjoyable programme. The
parior has changed its meeting nights to
the nrst and third Tuesdays, and Is doing
very well. Next Tuesday It will initiate
six candidates.
Grand President Mrs. Bifford left Ven
tura last Thursday on a tour of visita
tion to the parlors in Am ad or County,
Placerville, Woodland and Sacramento.
If the roads are in condition she will go
to Weaverville, Shasta, Anderson and
Etna Mills.
Grand Vie* President Mrs. Ema Gett
will shortly visit the parlors in Crescent
City, Fonuna and Eureka, Humboldt
County.
The nrst anniversary of the Institution
oi Copa de Oro Parlor of Hollister waa
celebrated on the 26th of last month by a
gathering in Odd Fellows' Hall in tnat
city. There was an admirable pro
gramme, which included an eloquent ad
dress by Judge M. T. Doollng; piano solo,
Miss Amy Breen; vlcal duet, ilesdames
Davis and Tomlln; recitation. Miss K.
hi ndon; vocal trio, Mesdames Thomas
and Tonn and Miss Watson; banjo duet,
.Messrs. Conlan and Ware; recitation,
James Piratsky; vocal solo. Miss Mabel
Podra; recitation, Mrs. Carrie Jackson;
vocal solo, Grace Austin, and solo and
chorus, Messrs. Williams, McConnell,
Shaw and Crane. Dancing and games
followed and during the evening a choice
collation was served.
La Paloma Parlor of Gilroy a few even
ings since gave a grand hall, which was
one of the social successes of that city.
The event v/as In Music Hall, which was
tastefully decorated and was exceedingly
pretty. The grand march waa led by Mrs.
Fay Peabody, the president, with "W. F.
Blake. During the evening twenty couples
contested for two prizes offered by Mrs.
Peabody. These were awarded to Robert
Peck and Miss Kathrine Spallarosa. At
midnight a fine supper was served.
On the 17th of last month there was a
Joint meeting of the membership of Chlspa
and lone Parlor of lone and friends to en-
Joy a social evening and a banquet, and
right royally were the members and their
guests entertained. There was a pro
gramme of instrumental and vocal music
recitations and cakewaiks and funny
yarns. The old folks cast aside care and
were as merry as the younger ones and
took great delight in dancing old style
break downs and Virginia reels. During
the e%-ening some very interesting recol
lections ot old times were given by
"Uncle" Joe Tlthan. Mrs. I. B. Gregory,
Jack Browning, J. D. Perkins and others
of the old-timers, including George Wool
sey, who, by many questions, served to
make the speakers tell a great deal they
had forgotten. It was all In all a merry
crowd and all had a Jolly good time.
The National Union.
The entertainment that was recently
given by the National Union Social and
Literary Club under the patronage of the
San Francisco Cabinet was one of the
grandest - social functions that has ever
been given by this order. The talent wa»
of the best, and the dancing programme
was of that arrangement that there was
no opportunity for complaint. The enter
tainments given by this club have already
become the talk of fraternal people and
others, and whenever there is an an
nouncement that It will &lye an enter
tainment there is a great demand for
tickets. It is the aim of W. W. Healey.
E. A. Kidd, J. N. Bunting and F. H. Hast
ings, the committee in charge, to make
these affairs the most attractive of all
fraternal functions.
Reports from various local councils
show a healthy condition ef affairs and
the order is at this. time doing well and
adding some of the ; best people .of the
community to its membership.
On the night of the 6th inst. there. will
be an interesting 1 event in. California
Council, for those two well-known heavy
weight athletes, the recording secretary
and the chaplain, will, after the adjourn
ment of the session, give an exhibition of
scientific boxing, not a "slogging match."
but .a. glove contest for points. -• On' the
night of the 20th inst. this council "will
be visited by the San Francisco Cabinet.
AXJJBEMENTB.
AXTJSE2CENTS.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
Morning— "What Are the Claims of Divine
science?" HHMSBMBSBBGa
Th^osophical Eoclety-Odd Fellows' build-
In*. ¦ ¦
First Divine Science. Tcmemlte Hall. Native
Sons' building— M. E. Cramer, pastor.
Metropolitan Temple— Fifth street, ', near
M*rket.
Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ— S»
Po?t street. -
Morning— Comer Wells, of Australian Mis
sion, will probably speak.
Evening— Mrs. Kate Bufflngton Davis ¦ of
Minneapolis will speak on "True Occult-
Ism Versus FaUe."
Afternoon — Asa C Russell of Massachusetts
will address the men's meeting.
T M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis streets— H. J.
McCoy, secretary-
EvanceHcal Emmanuel, corner Twelfth and
Stevenson etreeU-Rev. F. W. Fischer.
Morning— "God No Respecter of Persons."
Evening— "Christianity, a Religion of
Joy."
First English Lutheran. 1319 Geary street,
near Gough— Rer. E. Icelander.
First Unitarian, «outfcwe«t corner Geary
and Franklin streets— Rev. Bradford Leav
ltt. minlrter: Rev. Horatio Stebbins. min
ister emeritus.
Morning— Rev. Dr. Leavltt will preach on
the "Uses of Lent."
Second Unitarian, corner Capp and Twen
tieth streets —
Morning— Sermcn and singing. Evening-
Rev. G. B. Allen will lecture on "My Con
science and Tour Conscience."
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
Webster streets— Rev. Eugene H. Avery.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
"The Main Question."
Morning— "The Manllsess of a Christian
Life. Evening — At close of service an
Important meeting of the congregation will
be held.
Memorial Presbyterian. Railroad avenue
and L»tona street— Rev. H. N. Bevier.
First Presbyterian, corner Van Ness avenue
and Sacramento street— Rev. Robert Mac
kenzie.
Howard Presbyterian. Oak and Baker
streets— Rev. J. S. Thomas.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening —
"A Universal Invitation."
Franklin Presbyterian, corner Franklin and
Vailejo streets— Rev. David James.
First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H.
Bell. SffiftS
Morning— The sacrament of the Lord's Sup
per. Evening — "Wasted Resources."
Morning — "Some Beautiful Gates." Even
ing—"Shall This Man Be Counted V
Ce~tral Methodist, Mission street, between
gixth aod Seventh— Rev. S. D. HuUln
plller.
Potrero M. E.. Tennessee street, near So
lano—Rev. 8. M. Woodward.
Fifteenth M. E., South £an Francisco— Rer.
Arthur Anderson.
Epwerth M. E.. corner Church and Twenty
elxth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Morning— "Besieged With Rams' Horns."
Evening— Sermon by Jack Cook, the Eng
lish boy evangelist. . . c* :*
Howard Street M. E*. between Second and
Third— Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — Same. ; -r.' ;- ;
Grace M. E.. corner Twenty-flrst and Cap?
streets — Rev. J. N. Beard.
First M. E.. Powell street, near Washing
ton — Rev. W. 8. Vrmy.
Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Morning— "The Church of All Saints."
Evening— "One Who Does All Things
Well."
Trinity, corner Bush and Gough streets —
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett.
First Ccr.greratlonal. Post and Mason
streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Morning — "The Faitlng- Christ." Evening —
"Lessons From Tauler, the German Mys
tic."
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, be
tween Valencia and Mission streets— Rev.
A. Bayley.
Morning — 'The Inseparable Love of God."
Evening — Rey. C. R. Pomeroy. IX D., will
preach. ' .
Rlchm'-nd Congregational, Seventh avenue
tr.i Clement street — Rev. Philip Coombe.
O!!v«t Congregational, corner Seventeenth
and Not streets — Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Morning— Sermon by one of the Fathers at
11 o'clock mass. Evening — Vespers and
sermon.
St. Mary's (Paallet). California and Dupont
streets— Paullst Fathers.
Mcrnlng— Mass at 10:30 and sermon. Even
ing—"'Way of the Cross," sermon and ben
ediction with the blessed sacrament.
St. Franc!**. Vallejo street, near Montgom
ery avenue — Rev. T. Caxaher.
Morning — Sermon by one of the Fathers at 11
o'clock mass. Evening — Sermon and ves
pers.
Morning— Rev. Father Mahoney will preach
at 10:30 mass. Evening — The Novena of
the Grace in honor of St. Francis Xavier
•will begin.
St. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
FinA Baptist. T. M. C A. Auditorium—
Rev. E. A. Woods.
Mornlns— "Out Quartermaster." Evenlnc—
"One Havingr Authority."
ilomlnr— "Never Man Spake Like This
Man." Evening— "The Mysteries of the
Gospel," -with prelude on "Should Gam
bling Be Legalized V
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
Haslltoc ScojLre Ba.ptirt. Post street, near
Htelaer— Rer. W. C Jenkins.
Order Eastern Star.
The Washington Colonial that was
riven last month in Golden Gate Hall by
Ivy Chapter of the Order of the Eastern
6tar was one of the most successful and
Interesting events that this chapter has
given in a long time, and the programme
was presented after many careful re
hearsals. One of the pretty features of
the evening was the large number of
ladles and gentlemen who appeared in
the costume of colonial days, the ladies
wearing white wigs or having their hair
powdered. The grand march was led
by Roy Colby and Miss Mac Dow.
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Dow, past
patron and matron of the chapter.
Last Tuesday Ivy Chapter received by
initiation Miss Nellie Summers, Miss
Mary Powell. Mrs. Janet Arzner and Mrs.
F. Whitney, In the presence of nearly
150 members of the order, including the
grand patron, grand associate matron,
grand secretary and many past officers
of the order. The work of the evening
was most favorably commented upon by
the visitors, and that of the conductress
and of the five points came in for
special commendation. After the cere
monies there was a collation in the ban
quet hall, which had been prepared un
der the direction of Past Worthy Ma
tron Clara A. Giberson. Th« arrangement
was exquisite; all was violet; the tables
, were strewn with California beauties.
Violets in great bunches filled vases and
bowls, and the napkins were decorated
with the modest flower. The service was
all that could be desired, and the delica
cies dainty and toothsome. During the
evening there was a ballad by Mrs.
Breckendolf Owens, and short addresses
by Grand Patron Darling, Associate
Grand Matron Mrs. Lucas, Charles L.
Field, Miss Melissa O. McConkey. matron
of OUre Branch Chapter, and others.
On the fourth Monday of the current
month Olive Branch Chapter will cele
brate the anniversary of its Institution
by an entertainment in Elks KalL
Beulah Chapter on last Monday night
had a meeting at which there were pres
ent a number of visitors from the other
chapters. This chapter has taken on a
epurt of activity and is doing much to
make it the equal of any in the order.
Past Associate Matron Mrs. Klngsley,
a n«mb« of Vesper Chapter, was in this
city last week. On her way to this city
che visited a number of chapters. Her
own chapter, she says, is quite active
and that much Is being done to bring it
into prominence.
California Chapter had -work in the In
itiatory degree last Thursday nisht, and
after tb.e work there was a collation for
the members and many visitors.
The prooeedlrucs of the last held session
cf the Grand Chapter are being sent out
to those entitled to have the same. It is.
Ms -usual, a well-Arrani^d book of 335 paces
and is emb*Uish*d with, portraits of Past
Grand Matron Mrs. Pierce and Past Grand
Patron Dr. Lawrence.
Odd Fellowship.
Tc-morrorr night the Veteran Odd Fel
lows will pay a fraternal visit to Califor
cla Lodge.
Tuesday night TJnitr Encampment will
pay its asssai visit to Golden Rule En
caznpsaezt.
The Jubilee committee has decided to
divide the surplus, whatever it may be.
Into eight parts and give five parts to the
Odd Fellows* Home at Thenuallto, two to
the £ liars orphan fund and one to the
friendship fund of the relief committee.
On the 26th of April, the eighty-first an
niversary of the founding of the order,
tie grand master will dedicate the new
hall at Westminster. On that night Past
Grand Masters A. N. Drew, Karl Brueck
and William H. Barnes and Grand Pa-
The smoker that was given last Tues
day night by Golden Gate Council was
attended by a large number of pebple.
who were treated to a most excellent pro
gramme of entertainment gotten up under
the direction of Speaker W. S. Foss, C.
T. Wendell, A. Sichel. E. A. Kidd, E. G.
Mcßain, C. L. Gage and R. W. Smith.
The programme, like the invitation to at
tend the smoker, was . a gem, for it
pleased to the utmost the large number
of gentlemen who filled the council room
in Elks' Hall to its limit. There was an
overture by Sichel's orchestra, vocal solos
by E. C. Mcßain, R. W. Smith and C. L.
Gage, vocal selections by the California
Quartet, funnyisms by Billy Hynes. violin
solo by J. H. Hall, dramatic selections by
D. E. Hanlon, trombone solo by a volun
teer and short but pointed and interesting
addresses by State Deputy J. N. Bunting
and ex-State Senator J. E. Field. The
council, of which W. W. Healey is the
president, was exceedingly liberal in fur
nishing to all light refreshments, sand
wiches, cakes and smoking material.
The many friends of ex-President Nor
man R. Arter of Golden Gate Council
sympathize with him in the loss that he
sustained last Wednesday by the passing
away of his mother in this city at the
age of 76.
The National Union Social and Literary
Club will give another of Its delightful
entertainments and dances on the 15th
inst. in Odd Fellows' Hall. A choice pro
gramme will be presented.
Druids.
After an Informal meeting of residents
of the Mission last Sunday it was decided
that the grand officers of the Druids shall
meet to-morrow night In Mission Pallor
Hall for the purpose of instituting a uew
grove.
Manzanlta Grove on last Tuesday night
added fourteen more to the roll by con
ferring the first degree on that number of
strangers. This grove has been Increasing
very rapidly of late and It promises to be
come the banner grove of the city. It will
have a dozen or more to admit at the next
meeting. One of. the novitiates is Judge
J. E. Barry.
Next Tuesday night Grand Noble Arch
Martinonl and Grand Secretary Graves
will pay an official visit to Aurora Grov*,
and on the 17th they will visit Morvin
Grove, In Redwood City.
Aurora Grove gave its third anniversary
ball in Mission Parlor Hall last night, at
which there were presnt many members
of the grove and their lady relatives and
friends.
Reports from various parts of the juris
diction show that the membership of To
males Grove is Increasing; Far West
Grove of Ferndale reports a gain during
the past month and the fact that It is or
ganizing a team to work the amplified sec
ond degree; Walhalla Grove of Sacra
mento at its la6t held meeting Initiated
eight candidates; Salinas Grove Initiated
two last week and received several appli
cations; Modesto Grove received two
strangers by initiation last week; Sacra
mento Grove has arranged for a picnic in
East Park on the 13th of May; Solano
Grove at Falrfleld has reinstated several
members, has had initiations at every
meeting In the past three months and will
give a grand ball on the 16th Inst. On the
occasion of the visit of the grand officers
to Guadalupe Grove six candidates were
initiated, and then followed a ravioli feast.
Morton Grove of Los Angeles reports two
Initiations and two applications.
Sons of Veterans.
One of the enjoyable fraternal functions
of the past week was the card party by
the membership of Fair Oaks Camp of the
Sons of Veterans and that of the auxil
iary, the Ladles' Aid of Fair Oaks. There
were present those who took seats at
twelve tables and the game was progress
ive hearts. The ladles, as is usual In af
fairs where hearts are In question, were
the better players. The first prize for gen
tlemen, always won In the past at like
parties by Past Captain W. Erwln Law
rance, did not go to him this time, as he
declined to enter the contest for it. and
first honors were carried off by A. Crowly.
The ladies' first prize, a nethersole brace
let, was won by Mrs. Laura Jean Hand
ley, who will not be eligible to contest for
a prize in the next play. The ladies' booby
prize, a pair of Chinese slippers, decorate!
with ribbons and bearing the inscription
"Good for de-feat." was won by Alisa
Clark. The gentlemen's booby was a neat
ly bound copy of "Rules of the Game of
Hearts." The special guest of the evening
was Colonel A. G. Bennett of San Jose,
who has made an excellent record as se
nior vice commander. He was received by
a committee, consisting of Past Division
Commander C. L. Pierce, Division Com
mander Harry T. Moore, Division Coun
cilman A. J. Weinert, Quartermaster W.
E. Lawrance, Aid de Camp Frank S.
Handley, Captain Louis E. George, Post
Captain Oscar Judell and the officers of
the Ladies' Aid Society.
The fourteenth annual encampment of
the California Division of the Sons of Vet
erans will be held in this city on the 7th of
next May. There will be a spirited con
test for the position of commander, but It
is believed that the choice will fall on A.
G. Bennett, the senior vice, who Is in line
of promotion and has been admired for the
good work he has done for the ordar in
the past two years.
Sons of Exempts.
Last Monday night there wa* great Jolli
fication In the hall of the Exempts on
Brenham place, for there the Sons of Ex
empts gave another of their very enjay
able smokers. In addition to a liberal
supply of sandwiches, cigars, corncob
pipes and light refreshments there was
presented a programme of twenty-six
numbers of songs, music, yarns and short
addresses. President L. S. Graves opened
the entertainment with " a few remarks";
the* vocal music was furnished by J. Fo
ley R. H. Primmer. G. Vega, J. Sullivan
and F ' Martin, who compose the Golden
Gate.- quartet, and Herman Gab«l and
Murphy and Beatty, F. L. Hanson and
George Bush; instrumental music by the
Gladiator band, made up of L. Laurey
and J. Balducl, and by R. Bartlett and
William McGonigle; specialtles^by Bert
Delmas and William Smith, Kelly and
Marlow, W. A. Clark and Mid Thornhill,
and a boxing contest by Murphy and Mc-
Loughlin. "Jim" O'Donnell. ex-secretary
of Pacific No. 8. gave the young men some
excellent advice, and Secretary McFar
land delivered "the oration" of the even
ing. .
Woodcraft.
At the meeting of Golden * Gate. Camp,
Woodmen of the World, last Monday
night, eleven strangers were admitted by
initiation. The camp is making arrange
ments for the next social entertainment.
Calumet Camp last week gave a social
to Its friends. There was a very good
programme presented to a large number
of people, and after the literary and
musical portion there was dancing until
a late hour. Neighbors Whitehead. Blals
dell and Phillips had charge of the func-
A three days' bazaar will be held next
month In the Native Sons' Hall In aid of
the Bureau of Relief of the Woodmen of
the World. *=>jj
On the 24th of last month the members
of Red-wood Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft gave an entertainment in the
Pythian Castle that filled the hall to its
utmost with an audience that was treated
to a most excellent programme. After a
piano recital by Mrs. E. A. Newman, Past
Head Counsel M. T. Moses of Golden
Gate Camp delivered a fraternal address,
drawing attention to the good work that
the circle was engaged In. E.. Schmidt
amused the audience with comic songs
and was loudly encored. Mlsa Perrin of
California Circle charmed with a reci
tation. • Mr. and Mrs. Lee Raabe gave a
musical treat on zither and guitar. Mrs.
Agnes McCoulough, who sang ballads,
was recalled three times. H. Lange and
Charles Downing of Oakland < played a
banjo duet In admirable style. Z. T.
Whitten entertained with recitation and
song, and Mrs. J. Clark and ; Mrs. , L. A.
Raabe, . each possessed of a sweet. - musi
cal voice, sang with fine effect, "A Wood
craft Duet." ' After the programme a Jlne
oir painting of "Father" Falkenburgh's
old shoes, which he wore out . while or
ganizing the Woodmen of the "World In
California ten years ago, presented to the
circle by Mrs. H. A. Jarvls, was disposed
of, Mrs. L. K.- Webber -becoming the
possessor. The evening closed with dinc
ing. ; . ____•.
The American Guild.
At the meeting of San Francisco Chap
ter of the American Guild on last, Wedne
sday the announcement was made that M.
L. Asher, a past governor of the chapter,
had been ' appointed deputy supreme gov
ernor for California. Mr. Asher is an en
ergetic * fraternal ¦ man, who, ; In • other or
ders with ; which ? he Is connected. . has
proved his effectiveness as an officer, and
there Is no ; doubt ¦ that In . his new po
sition. b« will; be as energetic. The chap
ter Is making, arrangements for jan en
tertainment ¦ to be given : some time after
Lent. - • - 'I§SBMBHbH^? ' '
"BOOT MON."
One Hundred Thousand People
Have Already Visited the
TIVGLI
To Witness the Comic Opera,
And So Great Is the Demand That
THE EIGHTH WEEK
BEGINS TO-MORROW NIGHT !
Evening at 8, Ma tines Sats: day at 2.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 Cents.
Telephone Eush 9.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
Evening— lsaac Selby will preach on "Prom
, Atheism to Christianity"; liberals invited;
Questions answered. ,.
trlarch Joseph Foster will each attend a
celebration in honor of the day and deliver
an oration.
The fact that the next Grand Encamp
ment of California is to be held in Red
ding has aroused a great deal of enthusi
asm in the encampments and subordlpate
lodges in the northern part of the State.
Grand Patriarch Foster is arranging for
a series of visitations in the central part
of the State, commencing on the 13th inst.
and continuing for about a month.
On the 22d the grand master paid a
visit to Western Addition Lodge and on
the he visited the lodge in Irvington
in company with the grand secretary and
the assistant grand secretary. After the
work of the evening was over there was
a banquet which had been prepared by
the members of the Rebekah lodges and
also an entertainment.
Last Wednesday the grand master
visited Morse Lodge and on Thursday ho
visited Presidio Lodge.
The grand master and the grand secre
tary paid a visit to Fresno Lodge last
week and there the lodge initiated three
candidates. The visit was followed by a
banquet equal to any that has ever been
served on a like occasion in San Franoisco.
Rebekah Lodges.
Amlty Kebekah Lodge at a recent raeet
!nj Initiated seven candidates, the officers
for the first time wearing their new robes
and performing: th* work in a most credit
able manner. Last night the lodgs had
six more strangers to admit Into the
mysteries of the order. On the night of
the 24th of last month the lodge had a
patriotic party for members of the order
only. The ladies were attired in costumes
to represent the several State* of the
Union and looked very pretty. An in
teresting programme of a patriotic nature
was presented and greatly enjoyed, after
which there was dancing until midnight.
This lodge will give an entertainment and
dance in the Kureka Hall of the Odd Fel
lows' building on the night of next Satur
day to its friends, and the committee in
charge has arranged a programme that
will please the many that usually attend
the social functions of Amity Lodge.
The pink and green domino party thai
was given last week by Templar R*b«kah
Lodge was well attended and was a most
enjoyable affair.
On the night of the 24th of last month
WalhaUa Kebekah Lodge celebrated its
twelfth anniversary by an entertainment
and dance in the banquet hall of the Odd
Fellows' building. The members were
present in large numbers, and there were
also present many of their friends, assem
bled to enjoy the programme that had
been arranged by Mrs. Georgina Hencken,
the noble grand; Mrs. J. Decrue. vica
grand; Mr. Van Osen, Miss Hocking. Miss
Tress, Miss Schultz-A. H. Breckwoldt and
J. F. Breckwoldt. There was a piano re
cital by Miss Applarius, comic song by
George Ruge. recitation by Mr. Segelkasel.
vocal trio by Mrs. Kaul and Misses F. and
K. Stapff, piano duet by Misses Elizabeth
and Amanda Herman, recitation by Mr.
Kruse and a vocal solo by William Fen
stercnacher. Miss O'Neal accompanist.
Then there was a programme of dancing
and refreshments.
The lodges of District No. 5. that ia, the
lo<iges of this city. ar« arranging for a
grarnd entertainment to be given In As
sembly HaJl of the Odd Fellows' building
on the 23d last.. In aid of the Orphans'
Home at GUroy. As this Is for a good
cause all the members will take a most
active Interest In the affair.
Mrs. Helen G. Carpenter, president of
the California Assembly, has announced
the follcrwing visits for the current month:
On the Ist she went to Kern Lodge at
Bakersfield, 2d to Alpha Lodge at DeJano,
3d to Lady of the Lake at Hanford, to-
SAN FRANCISCO ' OWAHA
f '. . • THE GREATEST BILI. OF THE SEASON.
FIVE NEW ACTS - ..-.---- NINETEEN NEW ARTISTS.
FIRST APPEARANCE ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
THE SMEDLEY SKETCH CLUB
Introducing th. temou. Smedley BtaW* Comedy Drama,
ffIOORISHYRWPETfAIABIANATHLETES
, The Senaatlon c* the Nineteenth Century. - -
MARTINETTI and GROSSI NEWHOUSE and WARD
Grotesque Novelty Musical Artlsf. The Woria-Fam<*» Bicycl* Comedlana,
THE FRANKS TRIO I PAULINE MORAN
Burooe'B Greatest Comedy Acrobats. I And Her Plcfcantanlea. ¦
THE T3A3SrOI3SrO PASSPARTS.
ttttt maktttr on" ALi. . *T»O fWff\l I rfc —And His Wonderful Wal-
k 1B«1 B « and TalMi* n«ur-.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY) MATINEE
Parquet IS cents, any seat; Balcony 18 cents: Children M wnta. .yurt.'
A few front rows of Orchestra, reserved. SO eenu. Front rows of Balcony, r— rr»d. » watt
A Sj^WX^^^U^S9^^^f^ Marc* ith. at I'M.
EDWIN a JEPSON'S ELABORATE SCENIC PRODUCTION.
—I DARKEST^
RUSSIA F^
WOW IN ITS SEVENTH CONSECUTIVE YEAH OF POPUXAJI guvVniiW
PRESENTED BY
A Grand Company of Carefully Chosen Artists.
THS GREATEST PLAT EVER WRITTEN ON A RUSSIAN THEME. BRMMINXJ WITH
COMEDY. STRONG IN SCENE AND STORY.
PRICES ~- — EVENING, ttc. We, 75*. KATXNJSB. 80. We
Maithlsih-?^S5S^?.!!!?^!" " ™ BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND."
I~ S « p*j 3 A. «M
COLUMBSAfe
BEGINNING TO-MORROW
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Denman Thompson
In His Orlrlnal Creation «C
UNCLE JOSH in
HOMESTEAD
MONDAT, MARCH 12th.
CHARLES FROHMAN
Presents
WILLIAM GILLETTE'S
GREATEST COMEDY TRIUMPH.
BECAUSE SHE
LOVED HIM SO
"With J. IS. DODSON and th*
BIG ORIGINAL N. Y. CAST.
BEATS READY THURSDAY.
BECAUSE. StIUQVEDH SO
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAT (SUNDAY).
TO-NIGHT
"THE NEW SOUTH"
S^VaoSi'To-Morrow Night
Never Again
A HIT IN NEW TORS: AND EUROPE.
15c, 25c R i;f AT s? D 35c, 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY ANT> BUNDAT.
la Preparation ....."DXFX«oatACT.~
BECAUSE. StU LOVED HIM SO
CALIFORNIA^ THEATER.
THE MUSICAL EVENT OF THE SEASON.
WEEKS OF MARCH BTH AND 12TH.
SIX GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS
ON THE
WAGNER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
Under th* direction of C. L. Graff.
REPERTOIRE OF THE FIRST WEEK.
GRAND OPENING PERFORMANCE.
TUESDAY AFTERNOON, March 6, at 2:15
"TANNHAUSER." j
— : 1 -f
MME. GADSKI Elizabeth
DAVID BISPHAM Wolf ram
Anton Echott as ..Tannhauser
WALTER DAMROSCH,
Musical Director.
Thursday afternoon. March 8. at 2:15. "Flying
Dutchman."
Friday afternoon. March 9. at J:l5. "Melster-
slnger."
SECOND WEEK.
Evenings of March 12. 13 an« 14.
Reserved seats— 7sc. 11. II EO. 12. 12 60 and $3.
NOW ON SALE at the box office.
SHERMAN, CLAY_& CO.'S HALL.
Preliminary to the Concerts at th* California
Theater,
Six Explanatory Recitals at the Piano
BY
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH
Under th* Direction of C. L. GRAFF.
v ' v . ON THB
WA6NER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS
At 11 O'Clock in the Mornlnft.
FIRST RECITAXj
TO-MORROW, MONDAY.
"DAS RHEINGOLD."
Wednesday. March T ..DIB WALXTTRE
Saturday, March 10 .....SIEGFRIED
Monday. March 12 GOTTERDAMMERUNO
(Nlebelungen Trilogy.)
Wednesday. March 14... PARSIFAL
Saturday, March 17.... TRISTAN AND ISOLDE
RESERVED BEATS n.50.
On Sale at SHERMAN. CLAT A CO.'B Monday
-.BKAUStStIt LOVED H« SO
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY
Sunday, March 4th, 1900, -
skonET-JOHH GRACE
edition CHALLENGE
OF THE pup
96"Champions--96
$IQOO S $1000
MUSIC BY YON DBIR MEHDEN*S BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend atm. 10:15 a. ra..
11 a m., 12 m. and 1 p. m.; Twenty-fifth and
Valencia sts. five minutes later. Returnlnr at
4-45 ¦¦ p m. and after last course. . Ban Mateo
eiectric cars every six minute*.
' ADMISSION H> CENTS. LADIES FREH.
BECAUSE. StlE LOVO) I1)H SO
CHUTES^AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENXNOw
MAJOR MITE. . THE DEL . ZARTOS, . THE
BIRDS, THE BLACK ; BARTONS. BEN-
NETT SISTERS. OUHAMA. LILLIAN YON
TILSE. MOVING , PICTURES OF THE AF-
RICAN WAR.
? SPECIAL! TO-DAY!
BALLOON ASCENSION
EMIIMMEBERG.
BE ATS :BY - PHONE. PARK ; ».
BECAUSE SHE LOVQ) JIIH2O
OLYMPIA c E o°»°«l6-
THS ONLY FREE VATTDEVIIXJI SHOW E»
THS CITY.
The World-Fsuroooa
— OUHAMA —
nrst aspaarance on th* Pacific C**j*.
TRIXEDA
Thm Bsmbc* of Beauty and VersatEity.
MLLLTHELMA
Ib Pose* Plastlqu* of Great Magsificcae* '
BLANCHE LE"CLAIRE SLOAN.
Tod Sloan's Clever Sister.
AND A HOST OF BIG ATTRACTIONS.
ADMISSION FREE. ADMISSION FREH.
MATINEE EVgRT* SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT - - EVERY FRIDAY.
BECAUSLSntLOVEPHItISO
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— CALIFORNIA JOOKBT CLTJB-19G0
February IS to March 10, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Raelng Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rala or aaln*.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
13:30. 1. 1:30. J. 1:30 and I p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th*
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole eennect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric car*
go direct to the track In fifteen minute*.
Returning— Trains leave the' track at 4:13 aad
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
BKAUSLSnC LOVED Nil SO
KAPP & STREETS
TAMALE GROTTO
And Refined Concert Hall,
Junction Golden Gate aye. and Market st.
A STRICTLY FTRST-CLASS VAUDHVILLB
SHOW.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT WEDNESDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
2740 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
H7 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
I*2l and IC2S Market st... bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
If HEAD horses, work and driving: 1 span
small mules: 1 single- footed saddle horse. J.
H. DUTCHER. Llvermore.
$45-DOCTOR-S low buggy; J45, delivery wagon;
» horses. >25 and 140. 13 city Hall aveQ
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL^ Vet. Dentist, (05 O. O. »»-
WANTED— By woman who will assist In house-
work, furnished room for same. 64 Boyce St.,
off Geury. g&d_M__H_____H_______
REFINED young lady : desires = position as
nursery governess; good seamstress ;¦ country
preferred. Address H. ; M.. . box 3928. " Call.
REFINED widow desirous of going to Los An-
geles, will act, in lieu of expenses, as nurse,
companion to Invalid or chaperon. - Address
M. O. 8., box 3930. Call office. .
WANTED— Second work by young girl or posi-
tion In small family where only one girl Is
kept. Address box 3099. Call Office.
WANTED— Upstairs work and sewing In Amer-
ican - family by thoroughly : experienced and
tlm-claM servant. ¦ Call . or ' address, : all the
week. 136 Tenth st.. near Mission.
GERMAN' woman wants, work by. the day;
washing. Ironing, nursing or housecleaning.
1651 Howard nt. ,
HORSES, LIVES STOCK, Etc For Smla
JOO HORSES 1000 to 1400 pounds, 30 head 12?0 to
1300 pounds, unbroken, at the Canty Ranch,
Grayson. Cal.
________JMNANCIAL^
OIL stock now paying 2 per cent monthly divi-
dends; fullest investigation. THE McCAR-
2f l_S_a Vt 0 : 4 £ £ un " block - *¦".
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third s_. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tncky sta : onen until 9 n, m.
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
ntTFINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, corner or Market and Talrd streets, open
entil 12 o'clock every night la tbe year.
-RANCH OFFICES— III Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 3:29 p. m.
. SOO Hayes street; open until «:30 p. m.
fS9 McAllister street; cpen until 9:39 p. ra.
f:5 Larkin street; cpen until 9:50 p. m.
"MX Mission street; cpen until 10 p. in.
SJ6I Market ttreet, corner Sixteenth; open
cr.til t p. m.
JC< Eleventh rtreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
1056 Valencia street; open until » p. m.
j::S Polk street: open until » p. m.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tu<"Ry streets: opm until 9 p. ra.
CUIRCII SERVICES.
GRACE Methodist Eciseopal Churchy com-
Twenty -ttmt and Capp iv.- Rev. J. N. Beard.
D.l>.. "paftor. U a. m., sermon by the pas-
tor and t_craj— entcl service; 6:15 p. m.. Ep-
— orth League; 7.30 p. m.. tbe pulpit will be
occupied by Colonel tibley. we!l known as an
able exponent of the Issues aad duties of
Christian citizenship, who will speak en this
subject from the standpoint of ••Temperance
IU?!orm." I
CF.NTRVL Methodlft Episcopal Church— Dr.
llut*ehp;iler will preach at 11 o'clock on the
tuple •'Some Beautiful Gates." and at 7:30 on
toi>ie "Shall Th'.s One Be Counted?"
HOWARD Presbyterian Church, OsJc and
Baker s:s.— Rev. J. S. Thomas, pastor. At 11
a m. sermon on "Moses and His Faith."
Sunday school at 12:30. Christian Endeavor
meeUrx at «:45. Evening service at 7:4 i.
"The Me*sa_e of Jesus to Young Men.
Wednesday evening meeting at T:45.
CALVAKY I*rt£byterian Church, corner Powell j
and Gt-arr • sts.— Rev. Jchn Hemphlll, D.D.. |
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. 1
In the evening an evangelistic service with 1
evangelistic muelc. Topic. "A Universal In-
viuolan." All are cordially Invited.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Oouffh sts.
—Rev. Frederick W. Campett, D.D.. rector.
Holy communion. 8 and U _ ta. Union ser-
vice, 11. Afternoon service at 4. The rector
will preachy -' : '¦* ___
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and j
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D. D..
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a m . theme. "Christ and Immortality. 1
Communion _nd recex-Uon of members. At
J_fl p. m.. theme. "Job's Pillow." All are
cordially invited.
EEVENTH Day Aiveztlet Church, Sl4 Laguna
et. between McAllister and Golden Gate aye.
—Preaching this (Sunday evening at > :30
o'clock by the p_»tor. Elder J. O. Corliss.
commencing t_!s evening with a *«ies ,«
•tudiee in the Bock of Daniel. A cordial lu-
vltation Is extended to all. Seats free.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. 320
Poet St.— Preaching 31 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. 1
It is expected that Gomer Wells of Australian j
mission will preach morning and evening. ;
This church claims divine origin In fulfill- I
mtnt of prophecy. Rev. _lv:6-7 and Dph. 1:10.
Pruve all ttlngs; hoid fast that which is good, j
FIRST Cturch of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 523 Butter St., bet. Kearny and Grant
_ye Christian Science Bible lesson at 11
a m. ; subject. "•Soul." Sunday-school for
children at the same honr. Wednesday even-
Ing meeting at 8 o* clock. All welcome.
THE First Divine Bdence Church— M. E. Cra-
nier pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. ; subject.
•What Are the Claims of Divine Science?"
Sen-ices In Tosemlte Hall, Native Eons j
building. Mason St., between Geary aad Punt.
Take elevator.
LECTURES by Swami VlvekananOa, the
EUada ir.or.k who represented India at the
World's Fair— To-day. March 4. at 8 p. m., at
Golden Gate Hall. C2J gutter Bt.. subject. "The
tc:ence cf Religion"; admission free.
At Washington Hall. Red Men's building.
229 Post et.. Monday. March E; subject. "India
hud Us People": Tu^day. March 6. "Arts and j
Science of In-lla"; Friday. March *. "Ideals !
cf India." blr.gle tickets iOc; course tickets 81. .
ASSOd— TIOX Auditorium. Mason and Eilis |
tts.— Mats meetinc for men only to-day at 3 j
o'clock. Address by Asa C. Russell, a busl- j
nets man or Massachusetts. Ail young men j
invited. Next Friday evening Illustrated lee- |
tare under auspices of the Association Cam-
era. Club by H. J. McCoy on "The Humorous I
£.de of a European Trip." j
WILLIAM PUNNING, lately from Chile, will
rive a discourse on the Dispensations, Illus-
trated by views en a magic lantern, Sunday,
March 4, at 7:4 a p. m. Ooepel Hall, 3v26 Six-
teenth st.
*TBO)I Atheism to Christianity." lecture by 1
. Isaac SelV>y of Melbourne at the Metropolitan I
Temple thin (Sunday) evening. Musical ser- j
v<c* at 7:40. Liberals specially Invited. All j
welcome. Ouestions at dos*. 1
THE Theos^phical Society— Lecture to-night. 1
Odd Felloes' building, "True Occultism Ver- j
sus Falee." by Mrs. Kate Bufflneton Davis
of Minneapolis. Golden chain at 11 a. to. .
MEETINGS SUNDAY.
DR. KEHGAN'S free lecture this evening, 8
o'clock, at Crystal Hall. Pythian Caetle, 909 j
Market et.; subject, "Neurasthenia, or Nerve '
Starvation." followed by Magnificent Illustra-
tions of The —Tifcadine. Switzerland. Those !
attending tills lecture ir.ay procure free tick- j
tts to the X-ray exhibition at the Sanitarium, j
orner of Market and Maeon sts,, next Tues- I
day evening.
SOCIETY of Progreesive Spiritualists. Occi-
dent— l Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister
*tr.. Sundey. at 7:30 p. m. Speaker, Mrs. R.
6. Liilie; subject, "Concerning Spiritual
Gift*." I
AT Dr Rir.es' spiritual society. 9C9 Market— ll.
free; S. S p. m., l»c; Mrs. Seeley. Vlears.
Oreenail: tests; doctor's office. SCI Arlington
«., Tuesday. Friday. K> and 4 p. m.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS will deliver a lecture
on "Tyranny o f the Dead" at 4 p. m. In Me-
tropoUtan Temple. Doors open 3:15; all seats
free.
KATTE BEUSSXAinf returned, short time
only; circles Friday eve; Bluings dally. Rm>l-
Cer.ce S5 Orar.d. bet. »th and 10th. nr. Howard.
MRS. EVEUHARDTS spiritual test meeting. |
7:30 p. — 1. : 10c. 82-0 Twenty-seccnd St.. be- |
tween Mission aad Valencia.
HRS. ROBINSON. 16« Market St.. opposite
Tenth; sittings daily; circle Monday eve. and
Friday. 2 p. ra.
LARKIN. 117. Sp. — 1.. Church of Divine Spir-
itual Truth. Harriet Winchester Wrenn.
p«— tor.
MRS MARY EVANS' circle to-day. I and 8
p. — l. l»c: readings daily. tOe and SI. 1« «th.
HRS. STODDARD'S Tues. eve. circles resumed:
all get messages from the beyond. 27S Ninth. |
MR6. MEYER, 335 McAllister— Tests to all to-
night; dr Mon., Tues., Wed. eves. 10c; sittings.
C MAYO-STEERS, test trance medium, 112^
Oak et. ; readings $1. Ph^ne Howard E27.
MME. YOUNG. 605 McAllister: demonstration of |
spirit return to-night, 10c; coree, skeptics. ;
C. V. MILLER'S * material Jzing. ethereallxlng J
seaace. t p. m. 40S J>avenworth st. ; 50e.
MRS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay— Circle to-night j
8. Tuesday J p. tn.; consultations dally. j
MRB. MENA FRANCIS, independent slate j
writing medium. 11$ Hairht st. I
MEETINGS— l'nlverp-1 Brotherhood.
I. ». L.— Tuesday night, Ftereoptleon views of ]
"Crusade Around the World and Point Loma"
and musical fpaiur^s: odm!w>lon free.
MEETI.NG JkOTK.ES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. IZf. F. and A. •
M. — Offlcerz and members are request- ff\ j
ed to attend the funeral cf <>ur de- >s_iC
teased brother. T. EPPERTF- ' * j
HAUSEN. on SUNDAY. March 4. from Ma- j
sonic Tetc?>, at »:3f» a. in. I'.y order of the
W. M. 11. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
PARKER Lodge No. 124. I. O. O. «*a-l>i__.
F.. will initiate TUESDAY #i*J3S__
EVENING. :^3£ E %^
w. r. Noxrnmop. n. o. '"h^
THE officer* arid members of the var- +r^f* I
lfjus courts of the Ancient Order of
Foresters of this city are hereby re- JP\ I
que*te-S to \><- rresent at the funeral of *._»
our late »jr..th«r. SAM A. CHILDEUS. a
member cf Court Fountain City No. 7i-00, cf
Merced, Cal., from A. O. F. bulldinc. 102
O'Farre'.l »t.. oti SUNDAY. March 4. *00. at
S o'clock o. — 1. The ceremonies will be con-
ducted under the auspices cf the Executive
Council. Ifi'ernsent in Forest »rs" Plat. Mount I
' Olivet Cemetery. Att«-?t. '
.'. r Al /TONER. P. S.
f?T. PATRICK'S I>e»- • : -Iratlon T**^J !
March IT. 19%— The Si. ¦! k'n Kay V'.^'f j
Convention will met-t ; ;'!S Sl'N- -viti^A ;
DAT. March 4. at r . ::. at K. »>Vj !
n. B Hall. 1133 Mini •: it. The
executive committee \vi;t r.ret ut 1:15 sharp
In sarie hal!. J'-y ordc:
TKOS. V. DARRT. President.
r:HASJ - COLLINS. Eecreuu-y.
BRICKLAYERS' Internatlon.ll I'nlr.n of Call-
forr.ia No. I— Meets first and third Mondays
of each month at 119 Mission st.
COME tj the fr-re discussion TO-DAY 1:10
p.. m. 009 Market ft. : all welcome; free!
ALASKA.
A GENTLEMAN Trith two seasons' experience
!'a Cape Nome and eurr oundlng country will
undertake to personally conduct a party or
reisons expecting to go to Alaska. He will
assint In the purcheiie of their outfit and
»upp!i««. will as:lst in landing and selection
of camp e!te at Nome and guarantee to save
persons Jclr.'ng his party more than the fee
charged for his cervices. Apply between 9
a. m. and noon or address room 71. Colum-
bian building, SiS Market. San Francisco.
ASTROLOGY.
FROK. A MASERT of Egypt, greatest a»trolo-
glst and palmist In the world; satisfaction
— uaranteed. 437 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; prj****/
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. E5O Market, cor. Btocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market at. QPP- Mason.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
romed practice at 503 Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckelf bldg.. 9*7 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free: no fees In advance.
BELGIAN HARES. 1
BELGIAN HARE. ,
All the hotels are giving contracts for fur-
nishing Belgian hare meat: you had Just .as
well furnish It to them; get your foundation
thoroughbred stock immediately. Klssler Bel-
gian Hare Co.. 3042 Howard St.; Los Angeles.
Cal^
aTf'iNE lot of pedigreed Belgian does from $15
to $25 each: bred to crack bucks: Prince Brit-
ain, score St: Lord Styles, rery red. New
York, brother to AJax. at stud. Britain Rab-
bltry. Watsonvllle. Cal.
A LOT of Belgian hares, registered and stand-
ard bred: cheap on account of removal; also
runt and homer pigeons. 1812 Woolsey St..
near Grove. Lorin station, Berkeley.
BELGIAN hares, thoroughbred pedigreed, frorr 1
the best strains in America. MAX STREI-
CHER, l»10 E. 27th st., Los Angeles, Cal.
DOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— CoupIe without children would like
child pleasant disposition, to board: age 2 to
6 years; terms reasonable. Box 3547. Call.
CHILD to board: good home; private schooling;
music; term... $12 to $15. Address A. B. C,
box SS2S. C_ll office.
LADY with grown family wishes young child
to board: good home; reasonable. Box 4353, .
Call office.
WANTED— I or 2 children to beard In German
family; best care. 439 Minna st.
GOOD home for 2 children over I years old.
2KB Perry st.
BOOKS — SEW AND OLD.
tCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
HM— <y« Pork <>.. TM Ml«»l"n »t.. n»*r Third.
MOOT AND SHOE UAH-GAINS.
CHILDREN'S chocs, neat and good, special.. 6sc
Ladies' lace or button shoes, special $100
{.0 pair men's shoes, all eizes, special $1 15
People's ghee Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Br'dw'y.
tOO PAIRS drummers' sample shoes at maxu-
facturer's cost. J. Kohlbecher. 145 Fourth st.
UUSINESS CHANCES.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
buslnws; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal, 633H California tt.. room L
$400— SALOON with 3 living rooms; fine trade.
Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal, 539Vj Cali-
fornia St.. room 1.
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. E39H California St.. room L
$150— BRANCH bakery; ele<rant fixtures; Mls-
slon; $8 dally. KREDO _ CO.. 22H Geary Bt.
$1100— RARE opportunity: worth $2000; clears
$:;0 month; trial. KREDO A CO.. 22H Geary.
$25.0— MEAT market; receipts $300 month; good
horse, wagon; cash business. Kredo, tZhi Geary. ;
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
Corner saloon proposition; investigate — $450
Photograph gallery; good business $350
News stand; nice for lady $150
Restaurant; big, paying business $*00
Barber shop and cigar stand proposition.. $150
BUTCHER shop; tig trade; $450; worth $1000;
horse, wagon, cash rt-glster: all complete.
Pacific States Realty Co.. r. 320 Emporium.
A $10,000 BUSINESS for $4000; will clear $5000
per annum; will stand in vestl cation. Pacific
State* Realty Co.. S3S Market St.. room ZIP.
X— HjO — CORNER saloon; private entrance and
wine rooms; cost SSOO to fit up; everything
first-claes; must be Bold on account of sick-
ness. Pacific Exchange, 1016 Market st.
$200— SALOON: central: private rooms: paying
bus. ; bargain. McLaughlln & Co.. 777H Mkt.
CORNER grocery; best In city; great sacrifice.
COWING & CO., 1130 Market St.
$11.00— GROCERY and general store, with 4 good
rooms, building lot and stock on hand, all at
$15uG; positively the best and cheapest bargain
ever offered in Oakland; sickness the cauee of
eale; good neighborhood and business; call
and Inspect yourself. ALDEN CO.. 1118
Broadway, Oakland.
THE wonder of the age— One of the useful and
beneficial inventions of to-day is the Abbott
electric process for purifylnir, coollnir, per-
fuming air in hoteU, theaters, homes,
churches, cars, hospitals and cold storage
plants; special cabir.ets for physicians for the
treatment of pulmonary troubles: parties
¦wishing testimonial license will find it to their
financial interests to Investigate. Dr. Abbott
has Just come from the East, where his ma-
chines are and have been exciting many who
have lnvestlsated Its merits; a money maker
without competition and a rare opportunity f or
wide-awake parties. For testimonials and
particulars call on DR. H. W. ABBOTT, Ho-
tel Pleasanton.
PROMOTER.
Good backing: will finance or organise re-
liable rallwoy. mining or industrial enter-
prises: charters furnished. Address confi-
de ntlally box 1233. Call office.
MY goods are shipped all over the United States.
Mexico and Canada, with Increasing demand:
wlde-awnke business man with capital: write
for particulars. J. X., Call office, Oakland.
FAMILY hotel, well located, city; furniture of
40 rooms, with good will of a paying busl-
nei«i<; leased premises; low rent; must be
sold. For particulars address box 2927, Call.
INVESTIGATE plan of speculation by which
you can make at least ten points profit
monthly. E. C. WALL & CO., 40 Exchange
place. New York.
jTPO— SELECT rooming house; 9 rooms; all full:
elegantly furnished; all new and clean; will
bear Investigation; no agents. 437 Golden
Gate aye.
FOR sal* — Commercial lunch and bar; a fine
opportunity for man and wife to make money;
owner leaving city. Address box 3834. Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
ehoelng buelness; 15 years present location;
cheap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
$SOOO— A flrsrt-class bakery and restaurant on one
of the leading streets; receipts over $125 per
day; full Investigation. ! Box 3945, Call office.
PARTNER wanted, good paying business, for
fairs and picnics; Investment $50. Call at 14
Lanßton, bet. Howard and Folsom, forenoon.
A— PARTNER with $5000 cash or property: good
business: experience unnecessary; positive mo-
nopoly. Pac. States I.ealty Co.. Emporium.
I HAVE a manufacturing proposition requir-
inc $:.<>>• will allow plenty time to make an
independent Investigation. Box 3338, Call.
$360— PARTNER, legitimate business; must
drive busrgy; clears from $60 to $75 month;
full Investigation. V. P., box 3929, Call.
WANTED— Partner with email means In very
paying business; must be smart and gentle-
manly. Box 2720. Call office. Oakland.
PARTNER wanted with small capital to open
a dellcat«*sen store in a fine location; must
be A cook. Box 1300. Call office.
FOR sale — An extensive livery and boarding
ptab!e. suitable for a stock company: $15.500.
Hex 343. Call office.
<;OOD opportunity for young man email means;
old established business. 530 Commercial st.
DELICACY and dairy produce; living rooms;
P'-iee reasonable. Inquire- 645 McAllister st.
GRAVEL mine for sale or work on shares;
house and tools furnished. Box 2223. Call.
LADY wants partner: established paying busi-
ness; will bear Investigation. Box 3333, Call.
$100— CIGAR store and laundry office for sale;
good business location. 812 Third st.
$300— HOME bakery; portable oven; 7 barrel*
weekly. 831 Sixth bL. liquor store.
WELL-PAYINO cracker route for sale; rea-
sonable. Box 2532. Call office.
OSB thousand cards printed for one dollar.
HILL. 724U Market st.
GOOD chance for carj^nter with small capital
Apply at 127 Turk st.
FOR sale — Downtown route on this paper. Ap-
rly 1207 Howard st.
MOnNING paper route of 180 dally. Address
box 3536. Call. ¦
FOR sale — East of Haywards; a Junction houa*
consisting of i rooms, stock of liquors; also
larxe cellar, 1 acre of land with large barn,
chicken house mni oth*r outbuildings; all In
good condition; wlndnMll, tank and large well
of rood water. Kor particulars apply BEIIJE
BROS. & PU'.U:iIANN, 322 to 332 Sansome
St.. R. F., or ut premises, D. H. VAUGT,
Haywards, Alam?-'_ County, Cal.
BARBER shop for sale in a mountain town;
25c shaving; good opportunity. Inquire of
OARREN. 13 Minna st. ¦
TO let — Cafe privileges at Lurllne Baths, Bush
and Larkln sts. Apply on premises.
FOR sale— Saloon and lunch house (lumber
yards); proprietor must, leave for Daw son.
Inquire Call office.
NEW bakery or laundry; J-can milk wagon; 2-
seated spring wagon; 3 grocery or delivery
wagons. S2 Cortland aye. f. \ . -
GOOD coat yard fer rent cheap. 2101 Central
aye., AUuneCa.
clairvoyants and spiritualism.
attentionl atte^ttionT~~~™~™~™~~
MRS. CLIFF, celebrated psychic and trance
nvdium; consult one whose power has mystified
I the most skeptical; she not only 1 possesses the
I Inborn gift of the soul, clalrvoyancy, but has
: studied for years with masters in occultism and
I guarantees satisfaction; remember, she asks no
questions, uses no cards; diseases diagnosed;
hypnotism taught. Located 118 Eddy st., par-
GE £i_°is MAYERLE, German expert optician,
10714 Market St.; examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phone. Mint 267
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open till » p. m. :
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
lencia st. ,
CI.ASSIFIED advertisements and scbsc.-?ptlons
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore.
STRONG 2- wheeled driving cart; will exchange
for trunk; worth $16. Address box 3546. Call.
I WANTED— IOO men to try our 13c breakfant.
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD ft CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
FURNISHED rooms. 75c. $1. $1 23 per week.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms ISc to 23c per night. 73c to $2 per week.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms - % 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
HOTEL barber shop of 2 chairs for sale, cheap;
doing a good business; cash or part cash.
Inquire DECKELMAN BROS.. Id Ellis St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— Two good steady finishers on pants.
2 Eighth st.
APPRENTICES nn shirts; paid while learning
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Oough
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German laundress desires situa-
tion: best of' references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 525 Sutter St.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In I weeks;
day and evening classes; special inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated cat-los"*
and souvenir free; only Institution tn the
world teaching the barber and ha lrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 63J
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco. New York.
Bt. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
GOOD butcher with $150 to take half Interest la
paying business. 49 Noe St.
J STRONG boy for printing office; experienced
preferred. Box 4339. Call office.
PATTERNS! Patterns'. Patterns! All late
patterns cut to order; sewing room opened to
all during March; come In and make your
dress under a competent dressmaker; remem-
ber, our system was selected above all others
to represent the U. S. at Paris Exposition;
easy payments: simple and accurate. Mc-
DOWELL, 103 Post st.
EXPERIENCED butcher wishes work in hotel
or shop; city or country. Box 4385, Call office.
POSITION as bookkeeper or other clerical
work. Address 142 Collingwood st.
WANTED— Good steward In coffee house and
bakery; references required. Address box
14. Call office.
DANCING, ballroom or stage. q«ickly taught;
piiv. or clasn. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
ESPINA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, crammar, writing,
etc.; day 'or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CIVIL service coAchins: day, evening. San
Francisco Business College. 12J6 Market st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $00; send for catalogue.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission; violin, guitar.
HOUSEWORK and cooking: S In family: $20
per month; references required. Apply Mon-
day morning 123 Lyon st.
DRESSMAKBnS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
8. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary it.; dresses
made. $S up: dresses made over; perfect fit
TAILOR-MADE suits; al«o other kinds of
eewing done; reasonable. 535 McAllister at.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kind* pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZA-RD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medlcln* 75c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West C3l.
ATTENTION!
.Removed! Removed t
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The Greatest Medium
And Clairvoyant
On Earth.
Has Removed Her Offices to Her RaslAenc*.
1061 SEVENTH AVENUE,
EAST OAKLAND. Cal.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees It all, tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you ut-
ter a word Bhe tells you In full of all that
you are Interested In, all dates, facts, etc. Sha
tells you who are true to you and who are
false, what hopes you may have of winning
your desires and what obstacles are In your
way and how to remove them; how to make
the best of your talents and prosper: how to
get meney. Bhe finds lost articles and locates
HIDDEN TREASURE.
Before entering info business, law, divorce or
marriage, consult me. Drive away evil spells,
stumbling blocks, bad luck and habits and
overcome all evil works, rivals and enemies.
Phe never fails. She baa brought about more
happiness than all other mediums. Others are
helped, why not you? If you are going to sea
a medium, why not see the very best? It costs
no more.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWB
Has no rival In her profession and stands with-
out an equal before the public. Thousands
who visited her and tested her wonderful power
are singing her praises throughout the lan*
¦ and It Is
1 Recognized by Press and Public Everywhere.
She tells your complete past, your present
life, your entire future, of all loved ones, what
i you Ehould do to avoid trouble or dlsappoint-
: ment, how to recover lost or stolen property;
I she changes misfortune into good luck, tells
! you how your business transactions will turn
! out and how to make them successful; she pre-
i diets important events long before they hap-
, pen; In fact, there are no hidden mysteries so
deep that she cannot fathom.
Come all who suffer and be healed; come all
speculators and be advised; come all lovers and
win your idol; come all broken-hearted wives;
i come all who are In trouble and learn to bless
I this wonderful medium, the greatest prophetess
now in America.
Letters Come Pouring In
From all parts of the world. Involving ques-
tions of great Import and complexity, and every
reply is most gratifying. To the troubled and
unhappy her advice is soothing and beneficial,
giving them that peace of mind that wealth nor
power can produce. Men of the world consult
her Ui>on matters of business and speculation;
sporting men upon games of chance. Even min-
isters of the Gospel send for her wonderful ad-
vice and marvel at her power.
Come all who suffer and be healed; come all
i speculators and be advised; come all lovers and
I win your idol; come all broken-hearted wives;
i come all n-ho are In trouble and learn to blcas
this wonderful medium, the greatest prophetess
now In America.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Should not be classed among the many cheap
pretenders who Infest the city and bring dis-
repute to the profession. Madame's parlors are
visited by business men of good repute, anxious
for reliable information as to the outcome of
future Investments, and by ladles of high social
standing.
Her parlors are so arranged that one party
i does not tee another while waiting their turns
to consult the medium. She Is the only medium
on earth recognized by the profession as their
Her power approaches the miraculous, and
she mirht well be termed the Witch of Endor
of the twentieth century.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure all
diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis, rheu-
matism, all skin diseases, heart and nervous
affections.. The wonderful cures which she has
made are the talk of the whole Slope.
Write
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sand* have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall Is always most
successful and satisfactory, and all correspond-
ence is kept pacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWB.
Fee $1 00 and upward.
Diagnosis Free.
N. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, 1061 Seventh
avenue. East Oakland.
Take the broad-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton station, the second station from Broad-
way. Op"en every day In the year.
MISSION, 1511,- near Eleventh— 2 flats. S sunny
rooms.vbath; rents $18 and. $16.* : . ?
WANTED— Young man to drive milk wagon;
."Jsr P errm «>nth; reference and security. 2200
¦Point Lobos avenue,, cor. Eleventh aye. : •
MRS. ELLlS— Tests to all ; circle Tues.. Frt., 2
P. m.; Mon.. 8; 26c; sittings $1. 883 Valencia.
AN experienced dressmaker, accustomed to
• best trade,': designer and ! exquisite fitter, I de-
sires work by the day In families. . 1127 Ellla.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. M 4 Howard
St.. 10 a m. to 10 p.m.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
NOTICE— W. D. EWER ft CO.. Tn company
with R. T WARD ft CO.. the old a?d re-
. liable employment agents, -at 610 Clay st
want a number of men for all kinds of work'
city and country and going wages; we guar-
antee every position; we offer and will repay
office fee and . fares, both ways, to any one
not offered work where ; we send him- no
other employment agency gives this guaran-
tee; come and see us before going to unre-
llable agents. W. D. EWER ft CO.. ClO Clay.
WANTED— Office boy for this office; call early
J. F. CROSETT ft CO.. 316 Sutter st. -
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
.organised union on the coast. ; J.. J. . HEINZ.
; Employment Sec' y. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
. ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
A : FIRST-CLASS tailor on - pants. 100» Clay
St.. above Powell.', '¦ .
HEN and women to appoint agents: $75 month:
expenses; steady positions. BUTLER ft
1 ALGER, - New Haven. Conn.
WELL-EDUCATED - and experienced young
nurse airl for boy X years old; must do sew-
ing. 997 Golden . Gate aye.
WANTED— City property In exchange for mod-
ern cotta-e with large lot near Sixtieth and
Grove sts. . Oakland. Address box 2717, Call
office. Oakland. .
EXCHANGE
RESPECTABLE woman wants position as
working housekeeper where there are a couple
of motherless children; city or Oakland. Ap-
ply at 812 Green st.
WOMAN would like any kind of work by the
day. Call or address MRS. ROBERTS. 11V4
Washington aye., bet/ Ninth and Tenth sts. ¦
RESPECTABLE widow, wishes a position as
¦ housekeeper In family: Is a' first-class house-
keeper. Address box 3937, Call office. ¦ .•:¦-.
WOMAN wishes to do sewing; 60c a day; dress
fitting a specialty. Address or call R. C, 741
Howard st. < .
MEN snd women to learn barber trade at S. F.
1 BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion, best city references, city or country;
flrst-class laundress wants a position, city or
country; 2 competent French girls want posi-
tions to «lo second work; young colored girl
wants to assist tn housework; neat young girl
wants a place to assist and sleep home. At
MISS H. CULLINAN'S Employment Bureau,
323 Sutter St.; phone Main 651.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .'>-.»¦?>-; ¦
FIRST-CLASB manicure; state salary expect-
ed; also girls to learn. Box 3814. Call office.
NEAT, refined German girl desires situation
as nurse, houseworker or second girl; $10 to
$15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. . . ¦ -
COMPETENT woman with a child desires situ-
ation: good cook; city or country. MIS 3
CULLEN. 225 Sutter St.
YOUNG man (German) desires a position as
driver for bakery wagon. Address G. 8., $27
Market St., Oakland.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
WOMAN for housework; sleep home; wages
$10. Apply 1238 Union st.
OPERATORS on gents' custom shirts; steady
employment. G25 Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese. Chinese employment
office: best help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chan. Aramori, So6tf Stockton; tel. John 212 L
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 132 L
WANTED— Experienced city salesman. Bro-— a-
stone Wine Company. S3l Ellis st.
WANTED— German boy about II ta work la
grocery. Apply Ml McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post St.: telephone Bush 135.
WANTED— By man and wife, places on ranch;
man Is good all-round ranchman, good work-
ing foreman, care of horses, cows and stock,
can run an engine; wife a good ranch cook;
have stout boy age 11; girl of 13, good will-
Ing worker." does work of a girl of 16; country
people, practical and saving; .California ex-
perience; wages, man. $25; woman, $5 per
month and found. Address box 4398, Call.
CHINESE, experienced, first-class cook, .wishes
position; hotel, boarding or family; good ref-
erences; satisfaction. 116 Prospect place, bet.
Stockton and Powell.; F. M.
GET your shoes half-soled while walttsg: 25a
to COc. 552 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d its.
CLASSES In German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
SOBER and steady waiter for luueh eo_ uteri
wages $25 per month and found to begla
with. Address Reception, Wadswort—, Nrr.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
WANTED— German girl to do cooking and
housework. Call 3COI Clay st.
TAILORESSES wanted to work on custom
pants. 803 Montgomery St., 3d floor, rm. 6.
FIRST-CLASS tatloress on trousers. 8 Virginia
court, between Pine and California sts., off
Dupont; steady work.
WANTED— GirI for general housework and
cooking. Apply 1434 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— 2 brush whitewashes; -Monday
morning. TAYLOR ft KOELZER, U7J Mar-
ket st.. near Larkln.
WANTED — Bright young lady to learn millin-
ery. H. PAULINE, 24 Kearny st.
WANTED — First-class tailoress on coats. Ap-
ply 533 Natoma St.
FIRST-CLASS bartender, age 27, desires per-
manent position; city or country. Box 8915,
Call office. =v -
WANTED — A man who understands nursery
work and Jobbing gardening. Call 600 Haight.
JAPANESE honest boy wants situation at
housework; have own board. SASAKI. 621
Jessie st.
AN experienced skirt hand; steady position.
Apply this morning or Monday, 20 Sansome
st.. upstairs.
TO "Morning Call Home Study" readers —
Classes forming: French conversation. Mer-
cantile Library. f»3O G. G. aye.. r. 6. 6; hrs. 2-1
VIOLIN and ilther lessons, 75 cents; banjo,
mandolin, R-ultar, 50 cents. W. P. CHAM-
BERS, 204 Sutter «t.
COACHMAN— Young man, thoroughly, trained
and competent: Al horseman: best city and
San Mateo references. Box 3940, Call office.
WANTED— Reliable middle-aged woman for
permanent position. Address box 3941, CalL
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech.. survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
YOUNG girl or respectable middle-aged woman;
light housework; Immediately 1333 Broadway.
WANTED— By an honest young man from the
East, good references, steady position by tho
day or month. Box 4000, Call office.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market St.
WANTED— Strong young girl to assist with
housework and In kitchen; family of 4 adults;
wages $12. 8107 Washington st.
WANTED — An apprentice girl In millinery
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telerraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done: superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
WOMAN with a child; $15; housekeeper; fare
here; country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED. ~~ ~
FIRST-CLASS SALESMEN.
GENTLEMEN AND LADIES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO..
146 Ninth st., . 521 Montgomery aye..
861 Market St.. 355 Hayes st.,
210 and 212 Grant aye., 21S Third St..
705 Larkln St.. 2008 Fil'.more st..
1819 Devlsadero st.. 3006 Sixteenth St..
475 Hulcht St., 2314 Mission St..
140 Sixth st., 3255 Mission St..
1419 Polk «W 2732 Twenty-fourth St.
YOUNG man wishes position as blacksmith's
helper; 2 years' experience; city or country.
T. T., 2026 Folsom st.
FRENCHMAN with the best references, speak-
inff English and German, wants situation aa
cook or waiter In a private family, club-
house or private boarding-house. Box 3945,
Call office.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc. : 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
SI'IIUTUALISM.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tei%:hone East 126. '¦* '- ~ : - J -
FLAT* TO LET.
and Larkln: good for Invalids. Address box
4393. Call office. ' -
SUNNY flat. 6 rooms and bath; all modern lm-
provements. Apply 28<X Howard t.
SUNNY corner flat. 4 rooms and bath; rent
$14. Herman and Jessie sts. ¦
$12 50— FLAT of five rooms and bath; yard. 257
Shipley St.. near Sixth.
$18-FLAT of 4 sunny rooms and bath. 1463
Sacramento St.. near Hyde.
I _ATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
BIRCH AYE.. 6—4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nlshed.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and carpets of 9 rooms: ; prtj**?
house; bargain: house to let. 2530 Sutter st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak f or $4S 50, _ with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
AGENTS can ma^Tslo per day selling our nov-
elty machine; write: on aPP"" I " 0 " £"» S J"£
cut and terms. THOS. R. FOOTE CO.. Los
Angeles, Cal. -
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
piano. 1135 Market st.; telephone Jessie 76L
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carrets. 757 Mission: tel. Red____
HELP WANTED AC EXTS.
AGENTS wanted. National Mutual Maturity
Co., 897 Market St.. room 101.
LADlES— Agents: something new. «J1 Geary
St., San Franclaco.
AGENTS— Contra Costa, Alameda. San Joaquln
and Stanislaus; money in this; investigate.
CLARK. 751 Nineteenth st.. Oakland.
AGENTS— Want mansging agent for Fresno,
Tulare. Kern and Kings counties: money In
this. HERRICK. 1417 Brush St.. Oakland.Cal.
LADY agents— lf you want the best money
makers get the Hygela Electric Corsets and
skirts; the standard for 20 years. Address
Western Corset Co., St. Louis. Mo. --'^-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
FOR sale — Good paying restaurant, near the,
water front; rent paid till March 10. Inquire
at 12 Washington st. ¦ ¦' -
$125— GOOD paying business; suitable for t la-
dles or lady and gentleman; cheap rent. 706 A
Larkln «t. :¦¦¦¦¦¦;¦.*:
NEGATIVE retouching taught thoroughly;
reasonable. ISH Oak et.
RESTAURANT for sale or rent; 155 Fourth st.
Apply 294 Natoma st. .
SALOON wanted by a cash customer; must be
located in the tenderlola district. Address
box 1300, Call office.
$1700 CASH— Corner grocery and bar; good lo-
cation and stock: 2 blocks north of Market st. ;
no agents wanted. Inquire at 1713H Mission.
WANTED— A tailor or dyer to buy out well-
established business, dyeing, cleaning, re-
pairing; reason for selling going to Paris
Exposition. Address F. M. SCHMIDT, So-
nora, Cal. _______________
WANTED— Partner, one-half Interest $2000,
to enlarge hardware business; have $5500 in
stock; established 20 years. Address Box
2715. Call, Oakland.
GROCERY store wanted; must be cheap. Ad-
dress box 4370. Call office.
$350— PARTNER wanted; office business; $75 to
$150 per month to each. Box 1357, CalL
SALOON, with 3 living rooms; must be sold at
once; owner going away. Inquire 50 Seventh.
FOR sale— Fine downtown route on The Call; In
buelness section of the city. 1121 Filbert st.
$1700 CASH— Corner grocery and bar: ifood lo-
cation and stock: 2 blocks from Market St.;
no agents wanted. 1713H Mission st.
ROUTF, of 544 papers on this paper for .ale.
Bex 6. Oakland Pcstofflce.
COFFEE and tea route* supplied from GEO.
W. CASW~LL * CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts ft har-
ness. wk A drlvlnr horses. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
iend to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-1S Bth st.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. : tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MiTCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
At^SJpLOYERS.. DO" A3 OTHERS DO
..7fr.:.. ...$35,000 employers of *g8£»~2~2
do now send their orders to MURRAY ft
sStf& 1 * KW.
«eh person listed for situation for which he
rBP4T g. READY PHONE MAIN 5344
19 milkers and butter makers. ...s3o, $25 and ra
9 pruners for vineyards, "found
9"sVabiemen::::::::::::'..sw. «» »s and found
"m'&rl'y"- B_^. a a^ «-aff ¦?*
to $5 day
wheelwright and woodworkers, see boss here.
. I waiters 1 steward*.. .$33. $30 IS. $20 and f d
young man. delicacy store. $10 and found.
Shoemakers, dishwashers, porte ». Ironeg.
washers, tailors, 50c fare; butler s helper. $30
* B MroRAV'*"R^PTV'»I"-a'CTCUy"it:"
A-WE PAY
20"l_boYe'rs. no experience required £8 and
"~7.~'.~'.'.'.~'." ATTENTiON*"T.*.*.TT. ..'".._
Wanted To-day (Sunday) ••
Office open 8 a. m. Jo « P- » -
JO railroad teamsters, $1 To. $3
50 railroad laborers. $1 7». $3.. .......
For Monterey and Banta Barbara Counties..
.....Call to-day (Sunday) sure
. ...Free fare. Free fare. Free fare......
We ship Monday, I a- . m. ..~
........C. R. HANSEN ft CO- 104 Geary st.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants men's under-
wear to wash and mend ; also family mend-
Ing; rates reasonable. Call or address (A
Bernard St., near Pacific, off Taylor.
WOMAN wishes situation In restaurant to
assist *In kitchen or lunch work. Call (72
¦: OT-rrell st. ' ¦-¦- * ;
GERMAN girl wishes housework; good plain
cook; best references; wages $20 to $25. Call
at 342 Ban Carlos aye.
DRESSMAKING: ladles' tailoring; waists and
skirts; latest design; children's dresses; rea-
sonable prices. 120 Turk st.
WANTED— Situation as housekeeper. Box 3961,
Call.
BY competent woman, position as working
housekeeper; good cook and manager; best of
references; no objection to country. 770
O'Farrell st.
ELDERLY German woman, able and Independ-
i ent cook, reliable In. all things, desires situ-
I atlon as cook in good German-speaking fam-
ily or boarding house; city or country. 66S
Seventh st., Oakland.
YOUNG Jady, graduate of HeaJd's Business
College, would like position as stenographer;
experience more of an object than salary. Ad-
dress box 3970. Call office. .
YOUNG woman would like situation to do up-
stairs work nnd mending and assist with
grown children; references. Box 3902. Call.
.REFINED young lady would like position as
governess, companion, elocutionist or vocalist.
; Address box 3350, Call office.
! EXPERIENCED - young lady wishes position
as copyist, clerk or office assistant. Address
box 3960. Call office.
WOMAN wants position to do cooking on
ranch for 6 or 6 men; good plain cook and
housekeeper. 1030 Howard St., room 30.
FIRST-CLASS laundress would like wash to
take home. 131 Julian aye.
A NO 1 chambermaid wishes situation in hotel
or rooming house. Address box 3913. Call.
YOUNG lady wishes place aa companion to
lady evenlncs for room and board. C, 1880
Mission st.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes engagements;
reasonable. Audregg NURSE, box 4895. Call
SCANDINAVIAN woman wants a situation as
cook for men tn the country; no objection to
logging or mining camp. Call or address 317
Ninth St.. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ¦-¦ .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
' ~— ~~— ~— — — — « »——-——___——-» —————— ~—~-~—~—*
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 6 1 TOo"msr~bathT~la^rge yard. 1917
Point Lobos aye., near Ninth.
NO. 22 Elliott Park, north side, off Stelner. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell; 2-story cottage, j
6 rooms and bath; rent $18.
SUNNY cottage of 4 rooms and bath; large
yard. Apply at 2806 Howard, bet. 24th & 25th.
8-ROOM cottage; large lot. 4MS Twenty-sixth
St.. between Noe and Sanchez: $8 a month.
6-ROOM ccttage: 23H Morris aye.. bet. Harri-
son and Bryant, nr. 6th: key next door. No. S3.
$6.ss— Cottage 5 rooms; water free; among the
grass. Apply 64 Sliver St.. off Third.
COTTAGES WASTED.
SMALL cottage with large yard within 4 miles
of the city. Address box 3354. Call office.
COLLECTION OFFICES^
GEORGE W.. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Roem JlO. -J27 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. 9. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and moat artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5 a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 60; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CUNTC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done' painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free; $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, »a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, t to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
'at 1223 Polk st. ; open till » p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, S3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver, 50c; painless extraction. 50c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor. Ith.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh — Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work. reasonable; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75c, with wrtt-
ten guarantee for 5 years: plates. $3; crowns.
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED—A foreman for a woodworking es-
tablishment making sash, doors, steamer
cabin and all other classes of Interior flnlsa.
must be a young or middle-aged man, ener-
getlo a good manager of men, competent to
lay out work from drawings and take entlr*
charge of Iv manufacture and erection at low
cost: this will be steady employment In the
city or Seattle for the right person, and only
those having the above qualifications in the
highest degree need apply, stating age. mar-
ried or single, time employed and class of
work most familiar with, firms employed by
and any other references, compensation ex-
pected as a monthly salary. Address Post-
office box 319. Seattle, Wash.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 250.
EMPLOYMENT WAJTTED— MALE.
PAINTER, paper-hanger and tlnter; first-class,
up-to-date mechanic, with complete outfit;
competent to take any Job. city or country;
will work reasonable; high-grade decorating,
papering and llncrusta a specialty; day or
contract. Box 4358, Call office.
GUARANTEED dentistry: $1 week; we refer to
6000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Sixth.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN A CO PHONE GRANT MS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
8 waitresses, Fresno. $20; 2 waitresses. Wood-
land. $20; waitress. Monterey, and laundress,
plain work, same place. $20 each; 2 waitresses,
water resort, $29, free fare; 4 waitresses, city,
$20; 3 chambermaids to wait. $20; 2 chamber-
maids. $18 and $20; salesladies for candy store,
$6 and $7 week, no office fee.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Swedish or German housekeeper. $15; house-
girl, mining town, $15; cook. Newcastle, $20,
see party here; houseglrl. Stanislaus County,
$25 to $30, see party here; cooks, Alameda and
San Rafael, $25; cooks, houseglrls, second
girls. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — German cook, $25; German nurse
and second girl, same place, $20; 4 second
girls, $20 and $26, city and short distance;
cook, $30, country; German cook, $35, no wash;
cook for men. $20, city and country; 5 cooks,
across the bay, $25; and a number of other
girls for housework, $25. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days,. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SALESMAN for the road; one w&a knows the.
hardware, machinery, mill supply, railroad
ard large manufacturing trade In Pacific Coast
section to look after the Interests of large and
well-known Eastern firm; must be diplomatic,
energetic and possess the requisites necessary
to secure and hold tho trade; San Francisco
man preferred; state age. what you have done,
past experience, etc.. for immediate lnter-
vlew. Address Manufacturer, box 393 L Coll.
SEVERAL boys wanted at the rope works. In-
qulre at the factory. Potrero.
YOUNG man with some experience In painting.
Address 933 Brannan St.. near Ninth.
WANTED— Man or boy; work about house part
of day. Call before 9 a, m. at 2219 Van Ness.
EXPERIENCED lunch cook wanted. Call 11
a. m. at 90 Third st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. A CO.. 24 Sutter St.
' WANTED— A flrst-class florist to open ne^ar
business. Address P.. box 3942. Call.
WANTED— Bright. Intelligent boy. well reo-
emmended. L. SAMTER & SON. 513 Mrkt.
WANTED— FIrst-class waiter. 207 Third st.
BRIGHT young man, millinery business; good
salary to right party. Inquire Monday, 127
Taylor st.
WANTED— Elderly man to act as night clerk
In lodging-house; very light work: small
wages. Call 156 Third St.. bet. 8 and 10 a. m.
DENTIST— Good all-around man; good wages.
' Address box 3956. Call office.
YOUNG man to leaxn dentistry. Address box
3956. Call office.
WANTED— Cook for short orders. 115 East
street.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged man to take care of a
country place;- must understand a little gar-
dsnlng and horses; if married can live in a s-
room cottage; state wages expected: must be
reasonable. Address box 3353. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor; steady. AD.
HOENIG. 819 Po-t «t.
FIRST cook. Capital Restaurant. 206 McAllls-
ter st. • .
EXPERIENCED dress, fancy, domestic, mart's
furnishing salesmen. Box 3359, Call office.
ATTENDANT competent nurse desires engage-
ment to care for Invalid gentleman; city
references. Address box 3818, Call office.
SOBER, Industrious, all-round handy man
wants situation as choreman In private resi-
dence; will work for $10 a month; city refer-
ences. Address box 5919, Call office.
YOUNO man desires a position as clerk; ex-
perienced in gents' furnishing line; also dry
goods; best of references. Box 3931, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class German
gardener: can take care of horses. Box 3926,
Call office. ' _
WHY remain out of work when you can learn
shorthand in 2 months and secure good pay-
Ing position? Our teachers are expert steno-
graphers of years' experience. Insuring you
success; we teach the Pitman system by new
method, enabling the pupil to finish In one
third the time usually taken; having a. prac-
tical working department in connection with
our school, we give a thorough business train-
ing to be found In no other school on the
coast; we make a specialty of eecurlng posi-
tions for all pupils. Terms for complete
course, time unlimited, $40, in payments to
suit pupil; diploma on graduation. Steno-
graphic Exchange. 424 Emma Spreckels bldg.
INVALID'S nurse (lady); city; 115. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED man, all-around handy, wants
light work; no milking: best of references.
Address H. W., 405 Francisco st.
COACHMAN, competent man, thoroughly un-
derstands his business in all branches, desires
permanent situation. As to references and
qualifications address C. S.. 1022 Jackson st.
WANTED— Situation as coachman and gard-
ener; «rood references. Box 3962. Call office.
GOOD, strong man wishes work of any kind;
has 3 good trades. ¦ Address 403 Vi Van Ness ay.
ENGINEER and machinist of long experience,
up-to-date, temperate, nas good references,
¦ will give his services in a mine free until he
learns to hoist. L. D. M., 1563 Broadway,
Oakland.
PRESSMAN wishes position In Job printing of-
fice; can make ready. Address box 3907, Call.
EXPERIENCED waiter desires permanent
position; hotel or restaurant. Box 3916, Call.
WANTED— Finishers and operators on pants;
steady work. 619 West Seventh Bt., Los An-
geles.
Uo BARBER shop: 3 chairs; 4 living roods:
cash or Installments; cheap. STOX.TZ. Hi
Market st.
NEW YORK ladles' tailor, cutter and fitter de-
sires a situation: good references.. Address
box 4358, Call office.'
15c BARBER shop across the bay; good wa«M
year round. STOLTZ. (30 Market st.
YOUNG man, carpenter by trade, wants
steady position, city or country; has no objec-
tion to a ranch or country place as all-round
handy man. Box 4354, Call.
GREAT bargain— A complete barber shop, finely
furnished; doing a good paying busts ess; beet
location In Alameda. Call at 1424 Park st_
Alameda.
YOUNG man desires position in some store (to
learn): will make himself generally useful;
references. Address N. &., 214 Third st.
LADIES— Now is the time to do your summer
work; we teach the art of sewing, from the
Infant's robe to the tailor-made gown; no
school on the coast gives as good satisfaction;
you can brine any class of work; lessons $1
per week. San Francisco Dresscuttlng School,
305 V»n Ness aye.
FORELADY In a large factory for neckwear,
children's wear and ladles' underskirts; state
experience; permanent. N. & CO.. box 3904.
Call. _J
EXPERIENCED sunbonnet hands; good wages.
s BAUER BROS.' CO.. 21 Sansome st.
MAN and wife wish Dosltlons; wife a good
cook; man capable of managing dairy. In-
quire 431 and 433 Pine at. ¦
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Of flee-
Best help 41414 O'Farrell *t.: tel. Eaut 426.
EXPERT accountant: 10 years' experience;
books systematized, evened," closed or audit-
ed: Instructions given; terms reasonable. Box
4364, Call. .
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
GIRLS WANTED.
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LBVI
STRAUSS & CO.. ttft Fremont st.; elevator.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
. northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky nts.: open until 9 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS vestmaker. 8 Antonio st. bet
Ellis and O'Farrell, second floor.
GOOD, reliable woman; light housework; small
family; good home. Particulars 1461 Valencia.
FLATS TO LET.
DEVIS ADERO. 22M^Tr^mV"and bath. " e^t
pletely furnished, Including piano. Call 10 to
12 a. m. ¦.- •..._¦ -
MRS. J. J WHITNEY. 1104 Market; trance.
. test, business medium; life reader: also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp for circular: slttlngsSL
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
forunte teller; gives beot advice In difficult
matters. Removed to 19 Fulton St., nr. Larkln.
MRS. H. EVANS, the oldest and best magnetic
healer In San .Francisco, has returned and can
be found at her residence, 112 Eighth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
rw-der; "5c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HANSON— Palmistry. 10c: card reader:
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth, room 12.
CATHERINE DEANE, scientific life nnd card
reader. »£9 Howard St., cor. Sixth, office 23.
MME. Z.EREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life reader: readings 25c.-
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
330 Ellis «t.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
ARNOLD. DICKSON give everybody tests, to-
nlght. 10c; sittings. 2So, H>o. 148 Sixth, room 1.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Mkt. bet. 10th & 11th;
dr. Tues. 8 p. rq, Thur. 2 p. m., >sc; sit dally.
HEALING and develop'g medium; ' satisfaction;
readings 250 and 60c this week. 942 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER.' ' clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
KLEC3ANT new sunny corner flat, t rooms and
bath ; - rent %12 50. 3108 Flllmore st. "
FULTON. 138. near City Hall-Extra fine mld-
. die flat; 4 rooms, bath ; 520. : ; • . ¦
H A YES> BTPa8 T Par t of flat ; 4 ; rooms : and bath ;
back and front entrance; key at 251 Ivy aye.
IF you want to move get printed list fiats to let
from BALDWIN * HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERNTfiat. 4 rooms; carpets and stove for
, sale.,- .7ol , Howard st.
28THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
_HOt^ES_-LODCIX43_-FOR SALE.
IP rooms; rer.t $55; full; nice. U5
g ms '» mission; good hou*«:::::::::" $rj
:i r_£« : K\* Cf Mark «: n»« house! \\g>
*« \^Z ¦ t «- r «faln: owner sick Jiooo
\\^Z m * ; OWRer leaving city; fine . rsoo
l*i room. ; rentJM: always full; H cash" $1500
"ftJwS. 00 * 1 " 12 *' "' Market, nr. Call bldg
Pp.eadid. clean, well furniehed; 6 large
roome; good location; JIM: rent $18
rooms average $$ apiece
M -2J°'t ,Si IU "" 1N - T: * M * rk « t «¦• »• Call
el'*f.;,T^ transient house In country town;
r£" & Jj^ Uhce: iAao: *»"•• board:
re-room house; clears ti6S... '.'.'.'".'. j;o
l.ti-roorn comer house ....
;4 reams; _rta of Market: clear* $_.'.7." soo
O ro.r.;*; corner: clears $150 uoo
M°r!?% On Ma ~: ket - clea " *««>: 1M rooms.. 4600
.Mod. house; *; ev .. cje^ yjjo $ ,
TeL John 61. H . C. DECKER,
1030 Market tt.. orp. Fifth.
BARGAINS BARP .. V 8
M ro«_, colder. Gate iVe-Vonly^.^riO
«0 rocrr-s: rent J6O; near Third st. 600
M rooms; mjnny cor.: clears JlOO isr,o
W room.: cor.: rent fI2S: tKajZ.£Z~l~r. 1700
11* rooms: comer: clears $20C 1600
i R H. WINSTON ft CO . 1C26 Market st
B i°rf l i*, r 5,^ : ? roolr '*- *" housekeeping; full
and ; Paying- cheap rent: genuine snap. Psclflc
State. Realty Co.. „> Market »t.. room 320
C V£^- IS ~ Mo( ;*" I; h an«*crnely furnished;
drtrr.tc.wn; paying handsomely; must be sold
bargain. Address box S&7. CalL
rs . MINN * A rt.: lojgtng-house for »ale; 21
11 * CUy **
?iCf___^* 13 1A— Ccmr'.etely furnished lodg-
_.l..g-hou*e. Apflr en premises.
W =^ L " PATINa h °"**. north Market: reason-
able; no agents. Address boi 4SS7. Call.
C l_ : t HOtJSK ' 1Z ™*m*. tor sale;
¦^^* *E™--_ - 130 S^C" 7"i ~\ Ft. ; no s jr*r". t s
BOUSES TO LET.
A~PRIN"T£DA ~ PR 1N"T£D is»t. houses to let; eend for dr-
ciilar r, h I'MRsrx a- »'O . v Mmtgornery.
AM SPECK St CO.. 6«7 MARKET ET.
• J3 Howard; 10 r.527 60 1345 Howard; 6 rms. sl9
-::: Hyde; 12 rooms. .*2a : 2937 California; 6 r..515
« ROOMS; new cozy home; Greenwich nr. Bu-
chanan: $25, or w!!l sell; $500 cash, balance
. like rer.t The McCanhy Co., 646 Market et.
BOUSE of 5 rooms 2309 Polk «.; rent, tnclud-
Ing water. $15.
HOUSE 5 room* acfl bath; large yard; rent
. T.S. Sr.s Nineteenth ml.
BOCB3C of f rooms, 1309 Polk St.; rent, lnclud-
ir.g water. tlB.
SUNNY S-rocm h-nise; decorated; bath: base-
ment; garder; large yard; $:2. 229 Bartlett.
fITO let— A pleasant sunny house. 7 rooms. $336
Twer.tr-f.rrt st.. near Guerrero. ¦¦•-
HOISES TO LET — 11 II.M.MIKD.
For sale— Furniture c* $ housekeeping rooms;
bargain; nicely rum'.ehed; r ent whole house
If desired. 3Cir Hyde, from 10 a. m. to J p. m:
K.t'S>T S-r*w>tn furnished house. 119$ Etanyan
**.. ?or. Rivrlt.
HOISES WANTED,
V.'ANTED— Furnished house, about 9 rooms;
sr.urt be In co>d condition and have some
yard: cr wlli buy furniture ajid rent houae
u::furr.:shevi. Address box 3?:4, Call office.
HOUSES ar.d rocrr.s wanted
CITY RENTING CO.. 632 Market st.
LOAXS OX PERSONAL PROPERTY.
LOAXS to salaried people; personal security
<¦:!> TOV6LEY. 211 Parrott building.
LOM AXU FOLXIJ.
LOST— Pr'.ti *i'g. cor. Twenty-fourth and San-
cht-z fts.. Tuesday. Feb. 20. 413 Tenth aye.. .
tUc— oond. - .- •v--.
LOST— Silk rr.u!Ter. initialed P. H. B. R^
war* a: th:a clZca.
I.OFT— Heavy gold pencil: "L. A. K." on
6lt3e. liewani *;£ Ediy st.
LOST— (TO! gentleman who picked tip a lady's
po'.d •wa.t'-h and fob at rarro* -gauge station.
Fourteenth ar.d Frar.klin sts.. 15:45 a. ra..
Tiease return It to PHILLIPS & WALKER,
fli Eleventh St.. Oa__d? Reward.
..LOST— A passbook with Tie Hlbernla Eav-
irr? ar.d I>£ji Society of San Francisco, in
the __t cf MARY C. WALWORTH. No.
.- I; Z £5. The £nder will please return to bank.
FEBRUARY 2s. fob anS locket: diamond set-
t'.r.r. Initial* H. K_ H.; $15 reward; no ques-
tlor.s. ?.:7 FtU tt.
LOST— Pair eyeglasses, g^ld bound _.a gold
chain. Liberal reward said for return ta
JOHN H. SHINE. D. S. Marshal. Appraisers'
bulliicg.
LOST — A miniature pin, surrounded by dia-
monds and pearls. Return to SHREVE'S and
receive very l'!bera! reward.
MEDICAL.
IjRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 4CI Van Nees. returned from
Europe w:th advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $£: cafe and reliable cure in one
•**y; 15 years' successful practice in S. F. ;
t_.:»rnlty home; low fees. 1007H Market st.
XjR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' epeclallet; cafe an 2 reliable: has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years: treated thousands of
rases successfully: treatment can be used at
home; ccceultatlon free; success guaranteed.
Write or call at IC2JH Market st.
in. NO TOY KFE. late of Canton. China.
•ea ar.d herh sanitarium. 7C4 Sacramento it..
ccrr.er of Kearny: all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; offire hours, 10 a. m. to 13 m.;
2 to 6 p. m. and 7 to • p. m.
SIRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: horcs
in confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any ailment: consultation free. M
Poet rt.. between Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR~ KOHL, ladles' specialist— On a.--
ar.teed treatment at office. $5: safe and re-
lUHe; consultation free. 1122 Market St.. bet.
Mason ar.d Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR and MRS. DAVIEB. 122S Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods, cure guaranteed: treatment. $S.
SIP.S. DR. ALLEN. 1C35 Market, ladles' special-
Ist: guaranteed treatment at office, $5; safe
and reliable: consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
IjU JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st.. the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
MRS. DR. FT'NKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda—*
Female specialist; home In confinement.
DR WlEETthVTadie*' specialist. 111S Market
et. ; every ««* guaranteed; $5 up.
Ijr and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
iJr WONG HIM herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases cf the human body, lit Mason st.
MEDICATED BATHS.
INVALIDS who find no relief from drugging
the *tcmach to Investigate I>t. Conant's
truths cf absorption, which never falls. Call
cr addresi fcr booklet. Anldrcsts. 4, Post.
offi-e No. 6: gents' baths. «: ladles p»rlor». U.
MIXES A.YD MIXIXG.
WANTErv- $1250 to send 3 men to Nome to lo-
cate 2S claims; security. Box tttS. Call.
MISCELLAXEOL'S^ FOR SALC.
BOtLCRS. tnrmct. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 185-197 Fremont st.
IiAJIS back bars, mirrors, ehowcases, coun-
ters, linoleum. cf£c« furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; n ew and second-
hand JNOONAN. iCIWOU-lCtl-IKI Mission
tt.. above Sixth.
Kn,L set boilermaker's tools. $400: * H. P. gas-
oline engine. $7t: 700 feet i-lnch pip*. *«0: 71
feet 2\i shafting and couplings. $«»; «-lnch
etlcker. $$£; bay fchooner. 1250; emery rrlnder.
$1£; wo\*l lathe $25. MELVIN TAYLOR. *S0
Brush tt-. O— land.
JO.POO FEET new rubber belting, half price.
ROBT. BRAND A CO.. £27 Third St.. Oakland..
A LARGE ¦variety thoroughbred chicken eggs
for hatching. F. KRAUB, 1031 McAllister >t.
a VERY fine modern make sealskin Jacket for
fjO; cost 2160. UNCLE HARRIS. » Grant ay.
MtTET be cold at once— A new large handsorn*
breeding cage; very cheap. 973 Golden Gate.
ORIENTAL and Hlekee gas engines; t and 1
horsepower. Tgg Market ft.
EHETLAND ponies. In pairs or single. lC7t
Eaet Tw»nty-flr*t el. Oakland.
ABOUT tO gallon good country milk. Address
E. n. BAP—ER. Del Hambre Dairy. Mar-
tines^ '¦ : - '• ¦-
A FINE 80-foot yacht and tender; yacht's cabin
finished In solid oak and very larg*. Apply
IIC Broadway. Alameda.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and bnr-
giar proof safe. 21t California st.
DRESS pants, $2 TS: fine cult. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. «7 Montgomery st.
WHAT have you to trade for lot 25x100? Apply
at 1H Fifth st.
enCOND-HAND ¦Rambler bicycle. '97. In good
condition. Room 40. 22H Geary st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
•tc WHJTELAW. a« Spear »i (
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE
BA i lS V coun , ter8 ' sno *cases. shelling, mirrors.
bought, said and exchanged. 1043 Mission st,
' fiA ,r E T S i- new and « eco '><l hand, all sires. THE
! UALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
' FOR Sale or Trade— Edison's moving pictures
! machine; 35 good film*. 125 Turk. C. TULL.
GASOLINE engine*, marine and stationary;
second-hand; all rlzes; cheap; guaranteed.
NEWELL BROS.. 140 First St.
FOR sale cheap, an organ; good for saloon or
private. Inquire at 539 Pacific St.
FOX TERRIER pups (thoroughbred) for sale;
reasonable. 2721 Butter st.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records, $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St., San Francisco.
DOMESTIC sewing machine:? drawers; plated;
! almctt new; cheap. 1915 Mission it. near lath.
' DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
: gists, or Peg Hospital. 610 Golden Gate aye.
' LOMESTIC *ewlng roschine: 1 drawers; plated;
; almf>»t new; cheap; 1915 Mission st. near 15th.
I ANY parties having Angora roate for sale ad-
| dress H.. 226 National aye.. San Diego. CaL
' A— l 3 6« DERBY and Fedora hats, fl 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny et.. nr. Pine.
' OXE 4-dded nicker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
j air compressor: i locomotive*. 210 Fremont.
! BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planes. lathes,
i Iron ft wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 616 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEK-
| MANN' SAFE CO.. 417-4?! Sacramento gt.
MISCELLA.NEOLS WANTS.
WANTED — To buy singing canaries. Angora
cats, black and tan toys, white poodles, Japa-
nese pug*, fox terriers and spitz pups, ring
doves, white rabbits, guinea pigs or any sal-
able stock. 411 Kearny st.
WANTED — Second-hand surrey or trap; must
be in good condition; cheap; rubber or pneu-
matic tired rreferred. Box 3544. Call.
LAW BOOKS (second hand) bouiht and cold at
REUBEN'S. 410 Montgomery St.. upstairs.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
SCRAP Iron and machinery bought. San Fran-
cisco Iron Yarri. ?f4 Mt»»lin St.
__________
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terras before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3;
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 546 Market
et.; tel. Main 1544. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
t PER cent and up on second mortgages, un-
divided Interests, estates and claims In pro-
bate and monthly rents. A. M. SPECK ft
CO.. 667 Market st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44. Merchants' Exchange, 431
California st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
plane?: no removal; low rates; confidential.
i BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ON REAL estate, let or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture cr pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 25 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny st., room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 9»5.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : Quick
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
6S and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. £09 Examiner building.
$50 TO $S0.O00; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mcrtgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 41J Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
mor* money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 336 Parrott build-
ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
TO salaried men, without collateral or Indorser;
«ther propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
clsco Discount Agency. 148 Prtelan building.
Mi's lCAL i.\stiu;me.\ts.
LARGEST and most complete stock of SHEET
MUSIC at HALF PRICE at MAUVAIS', 763
Market st.
WE prepay freight to any part of the State on
all tianos cold for cash; our prices will as-
tonleh you. they are so low. ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market gt.. 8. F.
GOOD emall-slxed upright to-day for $150 at
MAUVAIS'. 7t9 Market gt.
WE always advise to buy a Decker or Packard
when you want the best. MAUVAIS, 769
Market gt.
ARE rou In nee! cf a piano? We have a large
aseortment of new and eecond-hand pianos of
the best makers; sold for cash or very eaFy
payments; $6 down and 16 per month for an
elegant new upright; some good pianos for
$3. $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
A CO.. Stelnway dealer*, cor. Butter and
Kearny sts., San Francisco; cor. Thirteenth
and Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Cnieago is KOHLER ft CHASE'S.
21, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible dace to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER ft CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
J<> HIGH-GRADE new uprlrhts stored with
ts from factory will te sold at factory prices
on Installments or cheap for cash. WIL-
SON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
IN first-class condition — Martin guitar, Waeh-
bura mandolin and ladles' one-karat solitaire
diamond ring; will sell for one-third their act-
ual cost. Room lOCS, Call bldg.. tenth floor.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
planoc; prices reduetJ -o insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON*. 1H Post st.
A— SSO— FINE piano In food condition; $500 up-
right sacrificed ; owner going East. Room 10,
Flood building.
PIANO— Fine upright: roust be sold by Wednes-
day; real bargain: $125. 1259 Mission st.
AN upright piano, as (rood a* new, for sale
cheap; owner going East. 1919 Sixteenth et.
THREE small upright*. $36 to 1125: etore open
evenings. Heine Piano Co.. 136 Ellis st.
CONOVER. Colby and 6i*ncer pianos. Spencer
Wareroomg. IHS Market et.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano. $3 per month,
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes St.
WANTED— Four good stjuare pianos at Byron
Mauzy*s piano warerooms, 303 Pest et.
SELL for storage— 2 uprights. $75; very fine
Etelnway. $I*s. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
W. O. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett ft Davis pianos.
FINE Fischer ft Stelnway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFFB, 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary, st.
GOOD upright piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAlllfter «t.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. ECHMITZ. 16
McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
SUPER* Jit violins, ilth--« old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham plae».
OFFICES AXU STORES—TO LET.
EMMA EPRECKELfI building, «37 Market at.;
sunny offices. $15 per month.
$10 — STORE: 2 show windows and S large
rooms: adapted to any buitness. 421 Blxth st.
OIL.
PRODUCTNO, dividend paying oil properties.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 410-41 l Henne block,
Lo* Angeles; 646 Market et.. San Francisco.
rALMISTRY -
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to $. 41« Oeary. nr. Jones.
" ~~ " PERSONALS.
REFINED business gentleman of means would
like to meet lady of means who will engage In
a business enterprise at Cape Nome. Address
j. H. C. box 3920. Call office.
YOUNG gentleman desires acquaintance of
lady; object matrimony. Box 2553. Call.
A CHANCE— ~~~ ~~
Would like to meet some one willing to play
good stable Information on races. Box i&?t,
Call office.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca Is a harmless hair
tonic. 3»c a bot.: I^ederer's Foamo Shampoo
cleans the scalp, 5c pkg. G. Lederer. 121 Etktn.
MISS MAY BUTLER has again opened hair-
dressing parlors at 19 Powell st.. where all
old customers will b* welcome.
LADIES troubled with wrinkles, pimples,
blackheads, coarse pores, sunken cheeks, sal-
lowness, gray, sur>erfluous and falling hair,
consult MME. FISHER, 19 Powell st.
G ESTLEM EN— Bring your goods and we w-Jll
roake »nd trim your suit for $10 this month lo
advertise our work. MASTEN, the tai'or, IC3
Larkln st., near Turk. '
PERSONALS.
THIS ' week only— Lederer, the hairdresser. 123
Stockton, gives each person having I hair
dressed and to each purchaser a bot. of that
fin* El Perfeeto Rouge; balrdressing. 25c.
LADIES— Your bust enlarged 6 Inches; $100
cash guarantee; proof free. Leonard Medl-
clne Co.. Kansas City, Mo. ¦
EUROPE— Special sleeper, first cabin, leaving
March 24, $105; stamp. Box 33C5. Call office.
OLD gold bought; money loaned on every de-
scription of collateral. Coleman's. 6C6 Kearny.
"HAIR doctors remedy" : N. G. Depot, Oak-
land: perfection: no rainbow colors.
ASTROLOGY— Serrano. recognized brightest,
astrologer in America: sketch of life and
prospects; send date of birth, ccx and 12c.
PROF. SERRANO, P. O. box 6238, Boston,
Mass. - -
BELLE— OUDRY
IS NOT A LADY.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
LEDERER' S Qulntonlca Is fast superseding all
Hair Tonice; 36c bot.; Lederer's Foamo Sham-
poo cannot be beat. 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; ail pain leaves like masic from her
wor.derTully gifted hands. 1343 Howard at.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers, make-up and wigs; country orders so-
Uclted. GOLDSTEIN Sc CO.. 733 Market st.
LEDERER is noted for the polite manner in
which every desire of the customer is carried
out: neat Darlors: careful attendants: hair-
dresslne. ?sc. 123 Stockton st.
i A FINE suit to order $10 75, or pants $3 75; our
| specialty In remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS, 1117
Market st., bet. 7th and Sth, prop. One-price
Tailoring Co. 632 Kearny. near Sacto.; also
1644 Market gt., under St. Nicholas.
A— A— ELECTRIC massage treatment removes
wrinkles; free this week; I guarantee to per-
manently remove superfluous hair by elec-
trolysis MISS ISADORE BARRETT. Der-
matologUt. 1207 Market St., opp. City Hall.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LADIES' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought and
cold. Sllverman. 954 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
WANTED— OId gold for manufr O. NOLTE,
Jeweler. 3<3 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORX. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1?15 Linden. Oakland.
PHYSICIANS A.\D SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
IC2IH Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PLUMBERS.
W." E. LANE, phone Main 315. 603 California
St.: everybody's plumber.
REAL ESTATE: CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGB ft CO.,
63S Market street.
INVESTMENTS.
PARTITION SALE.
Proceeds to be divided among the heirs or th*
estate.
$27,000— 0n Butter St., near Hyde; lot 57:6x137:6;
3 front and 2 rear houses; pays 9V» per
cent now. and with little expense In-
come could be doubled.
$6500—3 modern flats of 6, 6 and 6 rooms and
bath; on Lewis st.. near Taylor and Poet;
pays 10 1-8 per cent Interest.
$6000— Valencia St., near Fifteenth; business
property with unrivaled future; lot SOx
100.
PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$4750— Reduced from $5250; 8 elegant modern
flats of 6, 6 and 7 rooms and bath; porce-
lain tubs, tile mantels, etc; rents 1.3 per
month; every flat rented.
$4500—1 cottages of 6 rooms and bath each, on
Ehotwell at., near Twenty-eecond; tot Mx
122:6; $3000 bank mortgage can remain.
RESIDENCES.
$5250— N. E. corner on Pine St.; 8 rooms and
bath; rents $37 50; lot 27:6x110 feet; both
streets bitumen.
$5500— Elegant modern residence of 9 rooms and
bath; servants' rooms, etc., porcelain
tubs, tile mantels, etc; on Broderick et.,
near California: terms if desired.
$5250— 0n Clay 6t., near Webster; fine residence;
8 rooms and bath; eunny side street.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$4250 Large house. 10 rooma and bath, laundry,
French range, etc.; at small expense
> could be turned Into flats; plans for flats
all designed; on Webster St.. near Fulton.
WILL TRADE.
Elegant marine view; lot 137:6x187:6; level,
ready for bulldlne; on Hyde-st. car line;
or pay difference in coin; improved prop-
erty wanted.
BUILDER'S CHANCE.
$6500— Reduced from $7000; muet be sold; fine
Miesion corner; will subdivide Into 6 lots;
make offer.
SEND FCR ONE OB"
Our catalogues of PROBATE AJST> PARTI-
TION BALES of properties.
AT AUCTION— TO HIGHEST BIDDER
EASTON. ELDRIDGE ft CO.,
63S Market street.
A HANDSOME HOMO.
A new house on Ninth aye.. near J st., }
blocks from the park; contains 7 large sunnj
rooms, finished basement. 2 mantels, large re-
ception hall, fine porcelain bath, bay windows
front and rear; panoramic view of park and
bay; an Ideal home; close to all the park at-
tractions: price only $3150; terms same as rent;
take Eddy-rt. cars (Halght-st. cars transfer;,
get off at Ninth aye., walk south 2 blocks; a
pleasant ride; can reach town In 25 minutes.-
LYON ft HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
PAYS 10 PER CENT NET.
$22.5 CO — An excellent corner Investment on Post
et.. clcse to Laguna; extra large lot; rents
steadily.
LYON ft HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
$8750— HYDE st.. only 1 block from the City
Hall; rent $50; 3-story house, 8 rooms, bath,
etc.; big bargain; bound to sell at one*.
$4750— Rent $56; 3 new flats In Mission; all
rented: street work done; large lot, 25x120; big-
gest kind of a bargain. .
$3200— Rent $40; Rltch st., near Brannan; lot
KxSO, with good improvements consisting of
fiats.
$5600— Rent $50; brand-new flats In park Dan-
handle district; contain 6 and t rooms, bath,
etc., each.
$6260— Price reduced; Haight st. ; sunny side
of street; lot 27x137:«. with 2-story house of 10
rooms and bath, etc.; expensively built; this Is
a great bargain; foreclosure sale.
LYON ft HOAG, 114 Montgomery St.
FOR SALE BY *
HAWKS ft SKELTON. 321 Montgomery street.
$8000— Lot; fine view of bay: N. W. cor. Lar-
kin and Chestnut sts.; 145x139; California and
Hyde-st. cars In one block; or In subdivisions as
follows: $2uOo for corner. 37:6x139; $1600 for In-
side lots, 27x139: easy terms.
$25.000— Third St.. near Howard; good building
and basement; rents $1800 per annum.
$10.000— N. side Sacramento, near Drumm: 80x
60; rents nominal; if improved would pay well.
$16.000— Geary St., near Larktn; etore and flats;
never vacant; rents $105; make offer.
$11,500 — Geary it., near Octavia; large lot;
Improved; rented low, $936 per annum; never
vacant; good Investment; make offer.
$3000 — House of 5 rooms and bath; high base-
ment: Twenty-third St., near Castro; fine view;
this Is a bargain; In warm belt; make offer.
$2600— Corner on Fifteenth St., near Valencia;
choice for flats; light for every room.
$1500— Lot on E. side of Chestnut St., near
Stockton; street accepted; very cheap.
$2000— Corner lot: Montgomery aye. and Taylor
St.* very cheap; will double your money. -
HAWKS ft SKELTON.'
321 Montgomery st.
ONLY $1600— Really a sacrifice to make an Im-
mediate sale; It has been assessed for- more
than this by the Assessor; choice and desir-
able lot on Chattanooga st.. near Twenty-
third. 32:6xlll:« to street in rear; on the grade;
' all street work done; electrio cars pass In
front; In the warm belt; opposite a beautiful
residence; sun all day: this Is a splendid bar-
gain: cost almost $3000.
I can arrange so that buyer can make easy
payments. W. J. GUNN,
¦ ¦:..; ¦ 130 California st.
FOR sale— At a sacrifice; $300 for I lots on the
north side of the park; worth $800.
$15^0 — A corner suitable for grocery storej
In the Mission: worth $2500. -
$4000— House of 9 rooms and bath; lot ISx
137:6 feet on Pin* et.: worth $5000. Call be-
tween 0 a. m. and 12 m.
J. BROWNSTONB, 11 Montgomery st. •
A BARGAIN— Cost $5000; will sell -for $3000;
house and lot In the Mission warm belt; con-
taining 7 rooms and bath; high. basement;
brick foundation; half cash; balance to re-
main on mortgage: or will exchange for Im-
proved ranch. Address box 2C63. Call office.
$35no— WORTH UOOO: store. 3 rooms, bath; flat
above, 5 rooms, bath, rented. $30. 1417 Pacific.
TWO fiats, 4 and E rooms; bath; part cash, bal-
ance can remain. 173 Cook st. V
FOR sale cheap— Bush «t-, "; east of Van Ness
aye.; house of 13 room*; conservatory, laun-
dry and bath: beautiful sunny lot 80x137:6.
Apply store, Ili6 Larkln rt.
REAL 3STATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
-.;.. 14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County, 25c.
$5600— Fine 2-story bay-window residence | of
8 rooms and bath: large lot, 30x162; one of the
flneist localities of . the Mission.
$2600— Business corner lot on Dolores st. ;
25x90.
$1800 each; Dolores street; Van Ness ay*. of
the Mission; 3 building lots. .
$2800— Will exchange for Park residence, pay-
ing the balance in cash; Mission warm belt;
a very cozy modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; 25x114; a beautiful home.
$5000 — Business corner on Fillmore St.: sub-
stantial building, store, living rooms and flat
of 6 rooms and bath; brick foundation: bay-
windows, etc
$1150— Mission cottage; V 4 block from Castro
street care; cottage and lot, 25x114; will be
sold on very easy terms.
$1500 each; 16th st.; 3 building lota; very
cheap.
¦ $52t«>— Very cozy cottage on Devlsadero st.;
6 rooms, bath and basement; 27:6x100.
$5000— Rents $396 per annum; Pine St., near
Van Ness aye.; 2 substantial flats and lot.
$5000 Rents $"92 per annum: 2 houses of 7
rooms and bath each and lot 33x100; Devisa-
dero st.: must be sold to cloee an estate: no
reasonable offer refused.
$3000— Rents $300 per annum: store and 3
rooms and 3 tenements; near 6th and Shipley.
$6600— Rents $Sl6 per annum: 4 elegant fiats
of 6. 6, 6, and 5 rooms and bath each, and lot;
near lath and Market sts.
. $30on— Mission Warm Belt; nice 2-story resi-
dence of 7 rooms and bath, etc; 26x125; on
Mission st.
$6500— Rents $660 per annum. To close an es-
tate; property well located In the Western Ad-
dition; 2 stores and flat; 37:6x82:6.
$8500— Rents $876 per annum; will trade for
country property for equity above mortgage
for . $4000. corner on Sutter st. ; stor* and 2
flats and lot.
$S4so— Offer wanted; Mission St.; business lo-
cation; substantial houses of 6 and 5 rooms
each: brick foundation, etc.; 30x57:6.
$15,500— Price ' greatly reduced: corner on
Howard st.: 2 stores with living rooms and
4 flats of 7 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent
$1080 per annum; brick foundation, etc; large
lot: 25x122:6.
$11,000— Rents $1200 per annum; corner; $ two-
story houses of 6 rooms and bath each; 67:6 x
82:6; Western Addition; this Is a first-class In-
vestment.
$2500— Rents $300 per annum; near Second and
Howard sts.; 1 2-« tory houses of 6 rooms each;
25x75.
$13 000— Elegant mansion on California St.; 11
rooms, bath. laundry, etc; very sunny; large
lot. 34:4Hx133>4. ' lti
$?00 and upwards— Richmond lots; 10th are.,
C and D sts.; adjacent to the Park: 25x120; $50
cash: $20 per month: Interest at 7 per cent.
Choice llet of bulldlne lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sal* in all parts -. Jg^^ &
¦ 14 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents,
626 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established ISSS.
$17,000— Fulton st., bet. Polk and Van Ness
aye.; lot 60x120 to Ash aye.
$7000— Modern flats on Flllmor* St.. near Mo-
Alllster; rents $50; a bargain.
$SCOO— Folsom st., between Third and Fourth;
8 stores; rents $42 60; lot 40xSO.
$7700— McAllister st., near Btelner; elegant
house; 8 rooms and bath; 26:6x110.
tSOCO— McAllister, near Laguna; rents $57; lot
65x120 to Linden aye.
$5000— Baker St.. near Sacramento; 3 rooms
and bath: In perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
Must be sold — Bhotwell st.. near Sixteenth;
rent $40; price only $3500.
$2300— Bryant st.. sear Seventh; two cottage*;
rents $20: lot 20x80.
$3100— Oak- Grove aye., near Harrison *t.t
rents $28; lot 25x112.
$2500— Sheridan st., near Tenth and Harrison;
flats; well rented; lot 25x100.
$4250— Octavia St., near Haight; an elegant lot
for modern flats; 37:6x87:6.
$3500— Greenwich St.. between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:9x100.
$:COC— York at., near 35tb; S rooms and bath;
lot XSxIOO.
$1500— Day st., near Church; cottage of I
rooms; lot 25x114.
MADISON & BURKE,
626 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (INC.).
512 CALIFORNIA 6T.
IMPROVED.
$s:9xl2B:9— Union st., near Taylor; I modern
flats and rear house;. rents $97; $13,500. . .
25x137:6— Locust' st..~- near Jackson; modern
house of 10 rooms: $9500.
25x100— Folsom st.. near Sth; store, 2 flats and
rear house; rents $65; $$500.
25xS0— Fourth st.. near Harrison; store and
flat; S4SOO; sale urgent.
25x137:6 — Grove St.. near Central are.; new B-
story bay-window flats; rents $50: $6600.
112:6x37:6x87:6 — Corner Kearny and Greenwich
sts. ; 10 2-story houses; rents $s0; $6000.
84:4x137:6 — Sacramento st., near Hyde; cot-
tage; $5250.
25x75— Corner Virginia and Prospect ayes.; 8
Cats: rents $37: $5000.
45:6x68: 10— Corner Bay and Midway; cottage
and flats; renta $20: $4500.
25x81:6— Twenty- fourth it., near Dolores: J-
story house, ( rooms and bath: $500 down, bal-
ance same as rent: Interest at 6 per ment; must
be sold to close an estate.
25x100— Sanches st-, near Nineteenth; modern
cottage; $2SOO.
25x80— Diamond St., near Twenty- fourth; cot-
tage; rent $15: $2500.
23x50— Auburn St., near Paolflo; I-story house;
rents $24; $1700.
20x60 to rear street— Salmon st, near Paoiflo;
$1500; 2-story house.
UNIMPROVnD. <*
6Ex27:6— Valencia, near 17th; $10,000.
25x100— Florida st.. north of Eighteenth.
JOxSO— W. of Mission, S. of Army: 3 lots.
27x110— McAllister, near Stelner; $5750.
25x100— McAllister St.. near Lyon; $2250.
15x137:6— Frederick St., near Cole; $2000.
$5x137:6— C01e St., near Frederick; $2000.
$s:2xloo— Union st., near Pierce: $1500.
25x120— Second aye., nr. California st.; $1100.
80x71:10— SE. corner Polk and Lombard sts.
260x125— NW. corner of Fountain and Twea-
ty-flfth sts,
A- M. SPECK ft CO.
Loan Money." "<-. '¦¦"¦
667 Market st., opposite Kearny.
$80,000— Grand corner, 78 ft. front; half block
from Market St., not far from 6th; rents $300.
$75.000— Grand corner, «0 ft., within block o*
Baldwin: positively th* cheapest property
(downtown) in the city.
$55.000— Rare Investment: vicmlty Powell and
Geary: 4-story brick building; stores and lodg-
ing-house above; 36 feet front.
$45.000— Corner; rents $400: modern improve-
ments; lot 80xlS5 feet.
$26.600— Near Eddy and Jon**; stor* and 2*
rooms above: modern: pays T per c*nt net.
$24,000— Sixth St.: 75 feet front; r*nt* $2400
yearly; good buildings: 4 store*. \
$22,500— Third St.. about 525 feet from Market;
¦tore and lodging-house; terms, half cash.
JSOOO— Six elegant new flats: lot 60x100 ft|
all rented for $S4 a month; grand bargain.
$7650— Six good flats: rents $960 yearly; down-
town: lot M feet front.
$6500—t cholo* flats; Hayes «.; mortgage
$4QdO; a snao.
$6000— Post st.: I good flats; rent* $60; lot
27x110.
332E0 — Corner store and t-room flat; rent* tSTt
foreclosure.
$3150—4 flats within few blocks of (th and
Market sts.; rents $35.
$1750— Two nice flats; rents $1« 50.
$750— Six rooms and lot 45x71 feet.
A. M. SPECK Sk CO.. 187 Market it.
THE RENT YOU PAY
WILL BUY A HOME
ON THE. HEYMAN TRACT
Hoffman ay*., now building, of 6 rooms and
bath. .
One on Sth ay*., of 6 rooma and bath; near
California and Presidio Heights.
One on Buena Vista aye., of 4 rooms and
bath; 29th and Mission.
$25, $20 and $15 per month. Including Inter-
est. JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter at.
$310— LOTS on 47th aye. and J St.
$450— Lots on 23d aye., Richmond district.
$100— Lota at the Ocean Beach.
8150— Lot* on the Mission road.
$350— Lots on View aye., near Hoffman af*.j
streets graded and sewered.
On monthly Installments. .
JACOB HEYMAN. 11T Butter st.
$14.600— PAYS well; 78x78; corner Langton and
Harrison: good improvements.
$30no— Rents $28; new building; cor. Twen-
ty-fifth and Vermont.
$700— Park Panhandl* lot; Fourteenth ar*.,
near D: easy terms. ,
$800— Lot at a bargain; Castro, near ttd.
$75— 55 cash; $5 monthly; cheap lota; south
of the Park. -
. McEWEK BKOfl., 118 Montgomery st. r -
$8500— THREE modern flats; Western Addition;
flats alone cost money to build.
S34Oo— Two modern flats: Panhandle; ohaap.
$1500— Bargain; nlc* cottage; Mission.
$600— Very cheap lot; Sth aye.: sice 25xU0.
P. W. MORRISSEY 4 CO.. 630 Market St.
A— DAVTD STERN ft SONS. ~~ "~
Real ' Estate Agents. 11 Montgomery st.
$15,600— Rents $126: new flats; Ellis, near Lar-
kln: 25x120 to Willow aye.
113,000— Rente $102 M; 8 new flats; O'Farrell.
near Laguna; 25x120 to rear street.
$4500— Jackson, near Buchanan; rents $38.
$2500— Twentieth, near Dolores; 8 rooms and
bath. ,
$13,000— Rents $100; Sixteenth st.. near Valen-
cia: business property: stores and flat.' .•. •
$3500— Clayton St.. near Waller: 45x100.
' THE choicest lots In Richmond ; the cheapest
j offered; ready for building; ; well .; located;
street work done: only $700: 25x120; easy pay-
menu; close to electric and cable cars. , .
W. J. GUNN, £30 California rt.
IT you have lots In Richmond district, north of
', th* Park, that you wish to sell. quickly then
call on W. J. GUNN. (30 California »C
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
¦ 10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$6500— Octavia St., near Broadway; two-story
• residence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6;
! rents $45.
BUSINESS CORNERS ' AND RESIDENCE
; SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom st.. Treat
' aye., 13th and 14th sts.. being offered in subdi-
visions; call at office and get diagrams; $1200
; and upward.
; A FINE INVESTMENT.
$70.000— Close to Third and Howard sts.: part-
. ly Improved; will pay 6 per cent net; large lot,
134:6x165; double frontage.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$3250— Rltch St.: 5 flats; rents $42 50; lot 22xS0.
| $Ssoo— Tehama St.. near Third; 8 tenements;
i rents $76; lot SCxSO.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$7500 each— Facing Jefferson square on Laguna
. St.; special offering of several choice residences;
1 get diagram and particulars at office.
$5500— Hayes st.. near Lyon; 2-story and base-
ment residence; 10 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
CORNER LOT. •
$5000— Van Ness aye.: corner; 82:SxlCt.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
' ONLY A FEW LEFT.
, CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
On very easy payments; choice lots in the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and
I sts.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes.; right
on the Park and the new Nlneteenth-ave. bou-
levard; most of the lots already sold; balance
. bound to sell quickly; fine Investments; good
, buildings lots; all ready; lots on official grade;
macadamized; water pipes laid; plank elde-
. walks; 6 per cent interest only.
i SEE THE HOUSES NOW BUILDING— TOUR
! OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes; elec-
tric cars pass the property; see this block at
i once; go to our branch office to-day, cor. H
st. and Ninth aye.; price lists, etc., there or at
our office. BTLDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
; MCAFEE BROTHERS. 108 MONTGOMERY ST.
ELLIS BTREET.
Tin* lot on north sld* of Ellis st.. near Jones;
$Sxl2o, to rear street; splendid lot for lodging
house; old Improvements rent tor $65 monthly;
price $20,500. .
POST STREET.
Between Leavenworth and Hyde; building
could be turned into three flats and pay big;
lot 34:4x137:6; price $13,000.
i DOWNTOWN.
Ellis st. near Taylor; house of SO rooms;
' rented for $120 monthly; lot 27:6x137:6; price
$20,000.
VERY CHEAP.
Good sunny house of 7 rooms on Webster St.;
price has been reduced to $5500; a bargain.
PAYS BIG.
Three good flats of 6 rooms each; renta $15
monthly; lot 26x136; price $4750.
MISSION STREET.
Near Twelfth; 40x137:6; old improvements;
will be sold cheap; an offer wanted.
TWO LOTS
On Alvarado st., near Sanchez; 25x114; only $654
each.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Fine lot on the north side of Clay st., near
Locust aye.; 34:4x127:8; splendid marina view;
price $4100.
$1750 — Spruce st. t near Clay; 29-foot lot.
A FIFTY- VARA CORNER.
North Beach, on car line; only $6500; good
chance for a. builder.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
103 Montgomery si., San Francisco.
GEAP.Y STREET, NEAR TAYLOR.
$14.250 — Downtown lot; old houses; nest to
corner.
$7Sso— Corner 40x£0; near Wells, Fargo ft
Co.'s.
$1000 — For sale or exchange; Geary St.; house
and lot: store and flat.
$435— Twenty-fourth aye.. north of California
st.; lot 25x120; for your home.
H. E. POEHLMAN. 821 Montgomery st.
$77uO — FIVE new flats on corner In Mission
warm belt; all rented $S5 per month.; a great
bargain: owner going to Europe. Box 3343,
Call office.
$75 EACH — Four lots south of the Park; clear,
box 2715. Call office. Oakland.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine st.
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
$35,000 — An excellent centrally located business
property paying 9 per cent.'
Several fine pieces of property on and adja-
cent to Market et.
PARK LOTS.
$15 down and payments of less than So per
day for 27 months will buy a fin* park lot.
On installments: $1S down and $5 per month |
price $150; park lots {5x120 feet each; wel! lo-
cated: only 5 blocks from th; park and 4
blocks from the boulevard. Also on payments
of $5 and $5 per month, lots 25x100 feet in the
Garden Tract, near the terminus of San Bruno-
ave. car line.
$150 or less each — Lots 25x100 In Silver T*r-
race, near Silver aye.
BOL GETZ tc BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BOTLDINQ.
HEADQUARTERS FOH TARK LOTS.
Now for a Prosperous Era for Ban Francisco.
$200 to $400— Near Nlneteenth-ave. boulevard
and Park, from H to X st.; $5 monthly.
$590 to $800— Choicest lots In Sunset; streets
graded and sewered; $10 monthly.
$$00 to $800— Cheapest resldeno* lota la Rich-
mond; easy terms.
$100 to $250— Level lots near Ulssloa-st. *3*o-
trlc car line; only $S monthly.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
BOL GETZ 6 BROTHER.
BOOM "A." CROCKER BTJIMMMO.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. makes loans on
seoond mortgages. Interests In estate*, eto.
C. C BEMIS, Real Estate and General I— ad
Agent. $34 Montgomery st.
Make offer — Northeast cor. Twent7-*rr*n_
and Douglas* sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
flßOO— North line Carl St.. near Stanyaa; Ox
137 :« fat. |
H. MURPHY, (30 Market St., makes loans oa
second mortgages. Interests In estates, eto.
AN elegant new Nob Hill residence, situated on
east side of Hyde it., between Clay and
Washington; contains 9 rooms and bath and
all latest conveniences: only 10 minutes to
Market and Kearny sts.; terms easy; house
open.
MODERN flats— ssBoo; containing 5 and 8 rooms
each: highly decorated and finished with all
modern conveniences: ' 631 Waller st., one
block from Haight and Pierce; easy terms.
T. NELSON. Builder. ¦
FOR sale, cheap— New l-story houses. T rooms;
latest improvements; Noe and Hill eta.; near
Castro-st. cars: patent sidewalk.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
ANNOTJNC_MENT.
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to tome bargains In
Income producing orchards, vineyard, grain
and stock farms, many of which are bank
foreclosures, that we have for sale. Our Mr.
Bush, having had 40 yestrs' knowledge and
experience of the value of land* and being th*
owner of an j Income-producing orchard and
vineyard, can intelligently direct Intending
buyers to the best lands and bargains In the
Stat* Call or write for what you want.
G. H. UMBSEN St CO..
David Bush. Manager Country Department.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
8700—160 ACRES, Lake County, near Slegler
Springs; 6-room house and barn; 35 acres Im-
proved; good hog ranch; plenty of water.
340 acres, all level and Improved; 78 acres in
grain; good set buildings; near Highland
Eprlngs, Lake Co.; offer wanted: must be sold.
$1100—14 acres; Santa Clara County: 4-room
house, barn, etc.: 1 acres In grapes; family
orchard;. fine summer home.
C. T. MOORE. 935 Market *t-. room I.
BARGAIN— S3OOO: ranch for sale; $ miles from
Healdsburg: 110 acres; house and barn; fine
young orchard and vineyard ; 10 acres full
bearing, balance pasture; suitable for vines;
plenty of timber and water: school, post-
office, : store, close by. Inquire of owner, 1428
"'Ellis «*.'¦-¦ ¦.-¦ ¦'¦: - ••¦ --•¦¦¦¦• •••--.-
FOR sal* cheap— B acres at 'Menlo Park; all
- fenced -and cross-fenced: house, barn and
chicken-houses; water piped on place: H
large spreading oak trees; a snap If taken at
once; owner leaving State. Apply HARPER
& KREIGER, 312 Examiner building.
160 ACRES for sale— Solendld foothill farm;
house, bam, etc, aleo . 4 horses, farm ma-
chinery, 30 acres fruit trees, also vineyard;
plenty of : water, wood, etc.; also first-class
gravel mine, paying, goes with the place; a
bargain; good market for products. Se* J. F.
CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A- MIGHTY nlc*. and- well-lmnroved. folly
equipped ¦- ranch near Nai>a for $1250. N. D.
BICKELS. the Land Agent, 10 Geary St., op-
posite Chronlol* building, San Francisco.
FOR sale— lo acres In 'city of Sonoma: 8-room
house,' stable, mill and tank: running water
', through place' year round; 2 blocks from high
', school. - Address Owner. 2320 Fillmore ' St. '
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
¦ Land for sale in Sonoma, Contra Costa, Glenn.
'Santa Cruz. Shasta and Tehama Cos.. Cal.
(00 'ACRES 'In Stanislaus County. ! near i rail-
road; water; growing crop*;. under fence and
- all other. ; Improvements. For particulars ad-
- Areas or call W. p. CROW, 1334 Polk, city. *
REAL ESTATE COCSTRY — For Sale
$1000— FINE 20-acre ranch; level garden land;
good house; barn full of hay: fine horse,
buggy; 100 chickens and farming tools, etc.;
fare 60c: half mile to station.
$3500— Fine, highly Improved, 120-acre farm;
good 8-room house and outbuildings; all In
grain: fare 50c; cheap at $5000.
$1000— 35-acre place; S acres bearing trees
and vines; buildings, spring; fine timber;
worth $2000; sold on account of death.
$300 — 4V» acres. Improved place at depot.
Santa Crux Mountains; a beautiful resort;
first one gets it.
$150 — Nice 10-acre home, on R. R.: nice land;
some oak trees; payable $10 a menth.
WESTERN LAND CO.. 640 Market st.
MARIN Co. ; 2S miles from S. F.— s4) to $S)
per acre; choice lands In tracts of all sires;
improved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2, Sth floor. Mills bldg.. 3. F.
J. W. HORN. 812 Main St.. Petaluma; real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free list of Sonoma County bargains.
TO rent— Small ranch: suitable for chickens:
best references given. Box 3301. Call office.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPI.NO.
BRANNAnT^72?, cor. Geneva, nr. Sixth— Two
. sunny furnished rooms for housekpg; reason.
CALIFORNIA. 2J2S— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping: gas range; reasonable;
references exchanged.
ELLIf, 663— Three rooms unfurnished In rear
house; rent $10.
FIFTH, 309— New house; two nicely furnished
sunny housekpg rooms, $12; I connecting. $IS.
FOLSOM. S34— Sunny bay-window room and
kitchen; modern house; unfurnished. $10; fur-
nlshed, $13.
FULTON, 21— Nice runny room, with connect-
ing bath; us* of kitchen; rent cheap.
FULTON. 121H — 3 sunny front furnished rooms:
range, water, yard; also unfurnished: Ilk* a
flat: rent $11 to 115.
FtTLTON, 21S— « nice rooms for housekeeping;
coal stove, gas and bath.
GOLDEN OATH aye., 311— Largo furnished
' room and kitchen for light housekeeping; bath
and gas; references; $15 only.
HOWARD, 1141—3 sunny rooms for housekeep-
ing; furnished complete; rent $12.
KEARNY. near Sutter— A light front room. $8;
gas free: also housekeeping room. O'Farrell.
opp. Orpheum, $3 month. Apply 15 Grant aye.
LARKIN. 326. cor. Golden Gate aye.— Elegant
sunny housekeeping apartments.
LARKIN, 1309 — Sunny furnished single rooms;
also housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry; rea-
sonable. . \
LEAVENWORTH. 720—3 sunny connecting
rooms, furnished for housekeeping; gas and
coal stove; .reasonable; bath.
LEWIS. Is, off Taylor, near Post— Thre* fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms.
MARKET, 1028—2 rooms, partly furnished;
light housekeeping; $8 per month.
MARKET, 1858. opp. 10th— Comfortable bedroom
and kitchen furnished or unfurnished: $5 it $7.
McALLISTER. 896— Sunny flat; front bay-win-
dow suite; nice kitchen; linoleum, sink, gas,
bath; reasonable.
MINWA, 707, nr. Sth— I— rg* sunny room for
housekeeping; rent $S.
NATOMA. 284. near Fourth— 3 front furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink and closet.
POLK, 1217— Sunny parlor suites and kitchens;
rooms for gentlemen, $< up; bath.
EHOTWELL, 217— Two sunny connecting rooms
for housekeeping; gas and bath.
EOUTH PARK. 184— 2 sunny front rooms, nice-
ly furnished for housekeeping.
TAYLOR. 108— Furnished rooms for housekecp-
lng; hot and cold water; bath.
TURK, 1!«— Two furnished sunny rooms; suit-
able for housekeeping; running water; closet.
TURK, 643— Large front room, complete for
housekeeping; coal stove; gas and- bath;
rent $10.
VALENCIA, 1231 — Housekeeping rooms, sunny.
furnished; reasonable to right party; no child.
VAN NESS, 402—3 sunny connecting rooms,
complete for housekeeping; stationary tubs;
yard ' ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2229 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. in.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109< Va-
lencia st. - •
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. and ITnfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ASH are., HO— Bunny front room. It per week.
AT 62 Second, opp. W. F. St Co.— Large bay-
window room; nicely furn.; also others.
BOHEMIA. $39 Post st., cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 142« Market st. (old No. 13«4>— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLLTON, 12M Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
EDDY, 478— Bright sunny room; running water;
gas; $6 per month.
EDDY, 607— Nicely furnished sunny room for
gentleman or man and wife; rent 112.
ELLIS. 51S— Elegantly furnished front and back
parlor; also single room.
FELL, 825. between Gough and Octavia— Larg*
and small front rooma: newly furnished; pri-
vate family; nice neighborhood; gentlemen.
FIFTH, 320— 55: single front room; private
family; furnished.
FOLSOM, €20— Nicely furnished rooms; suit-
able for family with children; large grounds.
FOLSOM. 773»4— Front rulte; nloely furnished;
«ul table for 2; rent lift.
FOLSOM. 965. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
fura'shed rooms; suites or single; new mgmt
FOLSOM, 1530— Sunny alcove room, nicely fur-
nished, for 2; light housekeeping.
FRANKLIN. 711— A comfortable room for one
or two gentlemen; rent reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 730— Sunny rooma; prlTl-
lege of kitchen and parior; $7. .
GRANT AYE., $1 (The Wellington)— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; modern conveniences.
GUERRERO. 114 — Bunny furnished or on-
furnished rooms to let, with board.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 SO to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 75SA— Elegantly famished room,
suitable for one or two gentlemen; bath.
HARLAN place. 11. off Grant ay*., near Sut-
ter — Two unfurnished rooms, with water.
HAVES, 433 — Front room, $3; coxy; nlc*; other
room. $4.
HOWARD/ 829— Rooms 25c to 81 a night; $1 to $5
a week; also housekeeping.
JESSIE, 622— One large newly furnished room;
bath: modern conveniences.
JONES, 801— Elegantly furnished sunny rooms;
hot and cold water. -
LARKIN. 631— Front room for gentleman. IS;
gas and bath; also housekeeping.
McALLISTER. 320— Nlc* sunny front room, $$:
larger one. $8. '< .
MINNA. 418— Nlc* room In respectable family,
$6 per month.
MINNA 667. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 813— Newly furnished sunny room.;
. modern convenience*: terms reasonable.
NATOMA. 145— Furnished rooms to l*t. $L $1 !5.
$1 tO and $3 60 per week.
NINTH. 20, near Market— Front bay-window
suite: housekeeping: stove; running water
- and gas; $13; one single, $4.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms . and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
PIERCE, 3000. cor. Filbert— Elegant sunny
cor. suite; us* of kitchen; $12.. 4
POST. <31— Two small sunny rooms, furnished.
$5 each per month;- Protestant Christians;
. neither drink nor smoke In the house.
POWELL. Hl— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
¦ • suites or single; running water; gas ; reas.
POWELL, WA— Large ¦ runny :: front rooms;
.newly furnished: suitable for gentlemen.
ROOM In private family; 20 minute* from
O'Farrell and Powell. Box 3938,- Call.
ROYAL House, m Ellis St.— lncandescent light.
; reading room, smoking room and ladles* par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
.$»; month. X to $20;, elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE Boom, 319 A 321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
_ gnt, Be to H; week, $1 25 to S4; open night.
>0O)IS TO LET— Furn. and Cnfarn.
SAN ANTONIO. Jl Taylor, near Market— Cp-to
date, fireproof building; electric elevator: new
furniture; hot. cold water: radiators: sutte*
and single: rooms appreciated when seen.
SEVENTH. IS— Three newly furnished rooms;
bath: rent reasonable.
SEVENTH. 242— Nicely furnished sunny front
room, with privilege of light housekeeping.
SEVENTH. 282—2 nicely furnished front rooms
for light housekeeping: also single room.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. S?»— Rooms. $1 2S to S2 50; also how**
keeping rooms; closet In every room.
ST. PETER'S House. 70S California— Changed
hands; nicely fursished rooms; also house-
keeping rooms. ?- '- '¦
TAYLOR, 147, corner Eddy— Large sunny fur-
nished rooms, transient or permanent, from
32 tO up. _____
TAYLOR. 143. cor. Eddy— Sunny furnished front
rooms, suitable for offices; also other ones,
from $2 SO up.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good p»cple. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD. KS'i — Sunny furnished rooms for
houeekeeplng; rent moderate.
THIRD. 403— Sunny rooms, from $1 to $1 SO
per week.
TURK, 332— Two rooms, one front room, one
large housekeeping; running water: bath.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 4CSB. near Noe— l rooras:
bath; yard; basement.
VAN NESS aye.. 101— A nicely furnished sunny
front suite; bath; running water; gas; grate;
clooet; 2 table*: fcr doctor or dentist; for
courle; reasonable.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
lencla «t.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriDtions has been opened
at in Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at tha
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky >t».: rpen till 9 p. m. *
ROOMS ASD BOARD.
H^TE^r^ATß^i3u^T7~inr^saTket st^icie-
gantly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table first class;
reduced rates.
NEW family hotel: first class in all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
select people. SOT California st.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
A— HOTEL La Normandle. Ei Eddy— Sunny
suites and single rooms; everything new;nrst-
class table and service-; prices moderate.
LARGE nicely furnished room, suitable for I
with excellent board. 736 Ellis st.
JONES. ISC*— A pleasant sunny suite; best In
the city: also single njoms, with board: term*
very reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 603— Sunny front room; board;
bath, gas: $1S month; private family. ¦
NATOMA. Jl3— Small room; bath; good board;
private family; $15.
LAS PALM A3. I'M Market st..— Suite of I or >
rms.; private: bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
VAN NESS. »44 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: reasonable: modern conveniences.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable; take no other:
send 4c stamps for particular". "Relief for
Ladles," In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. PhlladeU. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5329.
ROOM 3 papered from $3: whitened. $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEWING MACHINES A>D SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; roachtna sup-
plies. Standard Agency, H3 6th; phona Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palring at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AXU WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: teL Main 5713.
STORES WASTED.
"WANTED— SmaII stor* In good business loca-
tion for permanent tenant: or would accept a
half store with us* of show window; stats
price. P. C. LUTZ. 1320 Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1400— CORNER lot: Santa Clara ay*.; lOxlSO:
near llortoa-st. station.
$1500— Fine lot; 60x150: Paru at.. Bear the
bay; bargain.
$1000— Elegant lot, west side of Lafayette st.,
sear San Antonio aye.; snap.
$3200— New modern 5-room house: Alameda
avenue, near Lafayette st. : large lot.
$3500— New Colonial. 7-room cottage; Grand
¦t.. near Alameda aye.; easy installments;
large lot; snap.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda; all th*
above can be bought on easy terms.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT.
1300 Park st, Alameda.
THE finest residence In Alameda: lot 73x150;
large, new, modern house; a perfect horn* In
•very respect : best location: SIS. "CO.
_T E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park St.
$1100— LOT 40x135: Santa Clara ay*. $790— 33x115:
Regent st. $1400— S0xl50; San Antonio ay*.
$1350—50x150; Clinton aye. Or will build to
suit. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
ON account of immediate derartur*. a fin«
modern house of 3 rooms, and finished base-
ment; large grounds; highly Improved; will
sell at sacrifice on easy terms. Apply prexn-
Ises. 1162 Broadway. Alameda.
MODERN «-roo_ house; lot 60x130: _ very
best part of Alameda: $2500: easy terms; want
offer; must sell. Owner, box 3935. Call.
C C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. C 4 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley — Ccrcer lot 87x150. with modern
house cf ) rooms.
ALAMEDA HOCSES.
DOUBLE parlors, dining room, bedroom, fin*
basement, grounds and fruit trees; summer
house; clcse to station; reasonable to right
party; references exchanged. 2101 Central
aye.. Alameda.
D_K__Lbl ADi_Kllo_iM_Mo
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
Hloo_l LARGE rooms and bath; close to car
line and In a good neighborhood: $150 cash,
balance $15 per month. W. C. MORAN.
$400— 2-P.OOM house; lot 60x135; all fenced; near
- cars and school, etc.; sewered; good well;
cheap at $600. W. C. MORAN.
$900— BAY-WINDOW cottage; brick foundation;
all sewered; $100 cash, balance $15 per month.
W. C. MORAN.
$2300— SEE this new S-room nous* near the Uni-
versity, where there is to be $15,000,000 spent
In the next five years; only SXW cash. ba_nc«
same as rent. W. C MORAN.
$SfO— 4-ROOM cottage; all hard finished; sew-
ered; corner lot 40x100; chicken house; all
fenced: $50 cash, balance $10 per month. W.
C. MORAN. •
$1600— HALF aore of land; 1 block to cars: SO
fruit trees, 2 barns, 3 chicken houses, 5-room
cottage; $500 cash, balance to suit. W. C.
MORAN.
$2500— COST $£000; S-room house; corner lot 5Cx
100; all sewered; will exchange for a ranch of
equal value. W. C. MORAN.
' WANTED — Berkeley property for country prop-
| erty. W. C. MORAN. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
FOR sale— A bargain: grocery store, stock and
fixtures; lot 60>4xlV; on Shattuck aye..
Berkeley: worth $3600; can b* purchased for
T-'-'W: fine location.
Bargains in the finest residence property la
Berkeley, close to the university. I am new
opentng up several fine tracts on th* first o£
the year, to be sold In subdivisions to suit.
One to five acre tracts. Improved or unim-
proved, located In Schmidt's village, north of
Berkeley; suitable for fine chicken ranches
and homes; only 25 minutes' drtv* to Stat*
University. For further particulars Inquire
of GEO. SCHMIDT. Schmidt block. Berkeley.
I THE best comer lot south of University of
California, with elegant modern t-room house.
M. L. WURT3.
Seventeenth and Broadway. Oakland.
$700— 4-ROOM cottage: well, with pump: near
Lorln Station: $50 down; balance $10 per
month. C. NAMANNY, Lorln Station.
$1350— 8-ROOM cottage oa macadamized street;
modern Improvements: worth $1390. C.
NAMANNY. Lorln Station.
$30CO— BEST bargain In town; large faaprorexi
lot; house of < rooms; handy to cars; we want
an offer.
Two centrally located building sites on th*
south side of the university; street Improved;
$i:SO each. . »C» mi— M
$3500— New modern S-rocm house; something
up to date: terms to suit.
O. G. MAY Se CO.. Berkeley.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
' .meats See Page Thirtj.
l .
29HENRY J. GALLAGHER -CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan * Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMOALMERS.
M Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South ML "¦:
legal. advi:ktim:mk\ts.
PUBLIC sale— There will be sold at public auc-
tion at Navy Yard, Mare Island, Cal., on
Saturday, March 10, 1900, at 1 o'clock p. m.,
the following articles: Eighteen old boats,
one old wagon, five cows. Terms cash on day
of sale and all article* must be removed from
the navy yard by the purchaser within six
working days. Can be eeen on application to
the commandant, navy yard. Mare Island,
CaL
HAYWAItDS REAL ESTATE.
TO RENT— S-acr« *unny hill land and cottage-
terms low. SS9 Clay st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND lIOOMS.
SUNNT rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
ing; t< up. Hotel Shasta. 12?t Broadway.
CHICKEN ranch of 4 acree, all complete, at
Frultvale. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Brosdway.
$1800— REDUCED from $3500 to assure a quick
sale; hc>use. 7 rooms, bath: modern In all con-
veulences: ta-ri and outbuildings: in the finest
residence poT-tion; lot 5Gx120; flowers. lawn,
etc.: conv«-nient to business center and local
trains; $590 ctsh. balance bank mortgage.
J. S. MYERS.
10C 2 Broadway.
Oakland.
$S0 CASH. !S monthly: chicken run cf 60x2Et ft.;
unfinished new cottage. 2 rooms; chicken
yard: all fenced; price all told $375; more land
can be had cheap; soil, climate and water ex-
cellent, away from cold winds and fogs; grand
view; near a 90-foot- wide boulevard and elec-
trio car line; not far from a fine 8-story
schoolhouse; is building up fast; 4 houses al-
ready gone up on the place; Westall Tract,
adjoining East Oakland; call or send for cir-
cular, its Seventh n., nr. Broadway, Oakland.
HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
TO HOME KEEKERS.
We have near completion a number of houses
and cottages, which are located in the best resl-
dT.ce portions of the city, combining all the
features and Ideas of construction and skilled
labor that could make an Ideal home: plans can
be seen at our office; terms easy.
J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway, Oakland.
$8500— Lart chance to get that beautiful Web-
it er-rt. home; 8 rooms; bath; basement: attic;
furnace; plate-rlast windows; all modern im-
provements; cost $3000. WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
573 Broaiiway, Oakland.
EYELASHES— L. I*. City. Neither tbji
ellne nor olive oil will Injure eyelashes.
CHRISTMAS IN 1877— 0. M. W. A..
City. Christmas, 1877, fell on a Tuesday.
PRINTER'S INK— C. A. J., City. There
Is a publication in New. York City called
"Printer's Ink."
AT SAN QUENTIN-J. D., Vallejo. Cal.
The State prison at San Quentin is open
to visitors dally.
QUIEN SABE— lnquirer, Bowman, Pla
cer County, Cal. "Quien sabe?" Spanish,
means "who knows?" ¦
ANDREW CARNEGIE — Subscriber,
City. The address of Andrew Carnegie is
5 West Fifty-first street. New York City.
A SENATOK'S PAY— B. G. R.. Upper
Lake, Cal. One who Is elected Senator of
the united States draws pay from the
time he is sworn in.
BOER— X. Y. Z., Oakland, CaL Boer
does not designate nationality. It is the
Dutch word for farmer. In German tha
word for farmer is bauer.
THE TROLLEY SYSTEM-C. J., Junc
tion City, Cal. The trolley system of
electric street cars has wire overhead and
underground wire alongside of the rails.
HAIR ON THE FACE-J. 8. City. D«
pllatorlea will remove hair from tha face.
The use of the electric needle for that
purpose la said to destroy the roots of the
LORD ROBERTS— P. McQ., City. Field
Marshal Lord Roberts was born in Cawn
pore, or Khanpur, as It Is given In some
gazetteers, India, on tha 80th of Septem
ber, 1832.
A HALF OF '34-J. H. C, North Po
mona, Los Angeles Co., Cal. A fifty-cent
pieca of 1834 does not command a pre
mium. The selling price 'is from 75 to 90
cents by dealers.
A GOLD DOLLAR— C. J.. Junction City.
Cal. The premium offered by dealers for
a gold dollar of 1854 is 15 cents. If you
should wish to buy such a coin you would
have to pay from $2 to $3.
A MEASURED DISTANCE— J. P., City.
The distance from Stanyan street along
the main drive through Golden Gate Park
to the ocean highway, thence to the Cliff,
is four miles and SOO feet.
COLUMBIAN HALF DOLLARS— B. O.
R.. Upper Lake, Cal. Columbian half dol
lars issued during the World's Fair at
Chicago are a legal tender to tha amount
of ten dollars, and no more.
TO ALASKA— A. O. 8.. Placenrilla. Cal.
Steamers are sent to Alaska from this
port by the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany, the Alaska Commercial Company
and the Alaska Exploration Company.
A LONG LIST OF COINS— J. H. 8.,
Oakland, Cal. Of the long list of coins
submitted, the only ones that command a
premium are the cents of 1798, 1801, 1803
and ISI2, and the premium is from 2 to 24
cents.
BOOKS FOR THE ALMSHOUSE— J.
L., City. Any one who has any books to
donate. to the Almshouse library, such as
an encyclopedia or other books of refer
ence, can send them there in care of tha
Superintendent. - ¦';¦>¦ •...;¦-.*
PENSIONS — Volunteer, City. Last
month the Senate of the United States
passed an appropriation for the increase
of the pension allowance, to meet the
claims of those who served during the
Spanish-American war.
TEMECULA TO FALLBROOK-^J. 8..
City. The Southern California Railway
Company by the line between San Ber
nardino and Jaclnto and Escondldo con
ntfets Temecula, Riverside County, and
Fallbrook, San Diego County, by rail. Th©
distance is 11.4 miles.
A FAMINE— X., Eureka, Humboldt
County, Cal. It was In I&S9 that T. De
Witt Talmage made a tour of the world.
In that year there was a famine in North
ern China and a number of New York
merchants sent out contributions for the
relief of the people of that country.
AGAIN THE CENTURY— A. S., City.
Had you been a careful reader of Tha
Call you would, at various times, have
seen the announcement in paragraphs
from three lines In length to articles oc
cupying half a page of space which prove
that the nineteenth century will not end
until the 31st of December, 1900.
EMBEZZLEMENT— A Subscriber. City.
If Jones meets Smith at a racetrack and
gives him $20 to bet for him on a cer
tain horse, because he cannot remain to
do the betting himself, and Smith makes
a winning and then runs away with the
money, he is guilty of embezzlement and
could be prosecuted for a misdemeanor.
MINERAL LAND— W.. F. 0.. Sacra
mento, Cal. A man who "owns a piece
of land with a clear title thereto and free
from all or any lncumbrance" owns it
and all that there is in it against all com
ers. The fact that there might be min
eral on the land would not authorize any
one but the owner from going on the
property to mine for the same.
IN THE CUSTOMS DEPARTMENT— T.
H., City. In the customs house pay roll
there does not appear the office of
"weigher." but there is that of "assistant
weigher.'* There Is a weigher in the
naval office, which is classed in the cus
toms department. The weigher Is paid
an annual salary of" $2000 and assistant
weighers are paid $1200 a year each.
A BUSINESS VENTURE— A. O. S.,
Ashland, Or. It Is a rule of this depart
ment not to express an opinion as to tha
desirability of a correspondent engaging
In a business venture, for the reason that
he has not the means to inquire into the
business. You should address a communi
cation to the parties Interested, if you
cannot call upon them in person.
WHALE OIL SOAP— B. W., Oakland.
Cal. Whale oil soap is made by rendering
common lye caustic by boiling it at full
strength on quicklime; then -the lye is
boiled with as much whale oil foot as will
saponify, that Is, change to soap, after
which It is poured off into molds, and
when cold if becomes tolerably hard.
Whale oil foot is the sediment produced
in refining whale oil.
MANITOBA — Query. Oakland, Cal.
There Is no such name as Manatobe; you
probably ; mean Manitoba. That Is pro
nounced Man-i-to-ba; the "a" in the first
syllable as "a" in fat;, "l" as In pin; and
"o" as in Goethe. The accent is on "to."
It is also pronounced with the accent on
the last syllable, "ba"; In that case the
"a" being sounded as "a" in father.
WOULD LIKE TO KNOW-N, M..
City. This correspondent writes: "I
would like to know what information you
can give me, such as the kind of life they
live, what I would have to do to become
one, and how would I have an opportu
nity to show what I could do?" This de
partment would like to know what tne
correspondent would like to be Informed
about. His. letter does not show.
BUREAUS— Subscriber, St. Helena, Cal.
As this department does not advertise pri
vate institutions of learning or any other
business, it /cannot furnish the Informa
tion asked for about educational bureaus
If you send a stamped and self-addressed
envelope. the question will be answered
The studies which aplicants for examina
tion under the civil service rules have to
devote themselves :to depends upon the
class of examination.
HOME WORK— A , Parent, City. . As to
whether the twenty-four : questions sub
mitted * for : home . work .by a teacher in
the fifth' grade in one of the local gram
mar schools is too much of a task or not
would depend on • the mental ' capacity of
the pupils in that class/ Your remedy Is
to lay a: complaint before : the Board of
Education. There are . many children in
that grade who would not have any diffi
culty in answering the twenty-four ques
tions asked. 'iiisssssaMMhdM|£
THE PRESIDENCY — A Constant
Reader, ; City. Under the constitution -of
the United States ¦ "no ;¦ person except ' a
natural-born . citizen shall be ' eligible to
the office lof • President." ' What : is : meant
by a "natural-born : citizen" has never
been . judicially determined, but it ¦• has
since" the adoption of the constitution,
been held sto mean that It must be a
citizen s born : in one of • the . United ¦ States,
consequently a son born to American pa
rents j while 1 they .: were traveling * through
a foreign country would « not ¦be ¦ eligible,
WANTED— House of 5 rooms in Fruitvale or
Berkeley ; state price and terms. Address D.
GXVKXB, 534 Greenwich St.. 8. F.
FOR eale by H. A. PLEITNER. Frnltvale Fta-
tlon. Cal.
$'.50— House of 4 rooms and basemont; large
chicken house; good well and pump; lot tc-x
UP; all fenced; SlOO cojeh, balance on your own
terms.
$7'0 — Coiy cottage of 4 rooms; newly reno-
vated; front and back porch; barn, chicken
house ar.d work shop; large lot; fin* place for
raising chickens.
$900 — Cottage of t rooms and bath: stationary
tube; ch!rken and pigeon houses; 4 blocks from
Twenty-third avenue station.
t:«f.O — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; marble
warhfctar.d ; mantel; stationary tubs; 7-foot
basement : ell floored; cement walk: chicken
house; lot 5r»x125; all fenced; cost owner {2250.
J2JS© — Reduced from $3000; fine modern cot-
tage cf 6 rocms and bath: fine mantel: attic;
basement: chicken houses: fruit trees; corner:
lot STSxW: must be sold this week.
»mo — Cboire lot on Fruitvale aye.: slie 180 x
110; in bearing fruit; surrounded by nice homes;
i^ip is a bargain.
HA. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. Cal.
FOREST PARK TRACT.
Ocly a Few Minutes From the Station.
fc-Acre Lots. H-Acre Lots. H-Acre Lou.
In a millionaire's district at a worklngman's
prloe; for immediate sale; {4 per front foot up;
two we^ks only at above price.
Lou 175 feet deep and any frontage desired:
el! etr-eets graded; water piped to every lot; in
FruitvaJe sanitary district; over 4»0 forest
»nd fruit trees on this tract: a good specula-
tion if you do not want a home; we build to
•ult you; title guaranteed; close to car and
tra::spoi-tatlon lines.
$300— Lot £.oii76; choicest part of Fruitvale;
to fruit trees on the property.
X3oo— Lot 130x181; nicely located.
»• ¦'— Ix-t ;.".4x:W; fin* place for ehlckena.
31000— Chicken ranch; 4 rooms; fenced; lot
:~x.lSl; close to cam.
JS6o— *so down, balano* til GO per month: well
and pump: lot ECxl£o: fenoed: mtr—t graded;
4 rooms and ceiled; 7-foot basement.
r.X^r—tlZ cash, balance Jl3 50 per month;
well and pump; lot tc-xlsu; corner; fenced;
house 6 rooms; also chicken-bouse*.
Si; o0 — 5 rooms; sewer; city water: tar** min-
utes from station.
IITOO— SSO down, balance tie 50 per month: lot
90x130; fine for chickens; fin* Irnit trees.
MONET TO LOAN.
FLAT OR ON INSTALLMENTS.
THE HOIIE BUILDING COMPANY.
Baa Francisco office— Room 2, ground floor,
222 Sansome *t. ; nf terroons.
Fruitvale office — Half block above FruitvaJe
6tß.tlon.
SPOKEN.
Per ship I T Chapman— Oct 20. lat * W. lon
14 W. ship Abner Coburn. from New York, for
J *O^h. lat « N. lon 25 W-6hl» W F Babcock.
from New York, for Honolulu. _ ¦
Feb a. lat 31 N, lon 127 W— Schr Peerless.
from Hueneme. for Port Blakeley. '_ •.
Feb 22, lat 32 N. lon 123 W— Br bark Haddoa
Hall, from Astoria, for Yokohama.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The tug Maggie, previously reported ashore
near 61uslaw River, was floated to-day and
arrived at Florence.
TELEGRAPHIC,
POINT LOBOS, March 3. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind south, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed March B— Btmr
Navarro, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNriEND— Arrived Marcn »— Ship
St Nicholas, from Honolulu.
Sailed inward March 3— Ship Bertrta. from
Santa Rosalia; Jap stmr Klnshul Maru. from
Yokohama.
SEATTLE— Arrived March S— Jap stmr Kln
shiu Maru. from Yokohama; stmr City of To
peka, from Dyea; ship May Flint, from Port
Townsend.
Sailed March 2— Stmr Senator, for San Fran
clscow
.. J S A ?L D IEGO— Arrived March »— Br stmr Car
lisle City, from Yokohama.
¦»f GR AT S HARBOR-Arrtved March J-Scnr O
Jr . K . e «OSK, from Hllo; tug Traveler, hence
r eb 2S.
Sailed March 2— Schr North Bead, for Saa
Francisco; schr Neptune, for San Francisco;
schr Azalea, for San Dlogo
, FORT BRAGG— Sailed March 3— Stmr Xoyo.
for San Francisco.
NEWPORT (S)-Salled March »-Staxr Alca
traz. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived March B— Stmr Samoa,
hence March 2: stmr Pasadena, from San
Pedro: schr Maxim, hence Feb 24
Sailed March 3— Schr Bertie Minor, fo«- Hono-
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrlved Marca t-
Stmr Alcazar, from .
USAL— Sailed March B— Stmr Newaboy, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived March 3— Br stmr
Monmouthshire, from Oregon.
BRISBANE— Arrived March t— Br stmr Mlo
•wera, from Vancouver.
Sailed March 2 — Br stmr Warrlmoo. for Van
couver.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed March t-Ger shl»
Carl, for Blrkenhead.
PANAMA— Arrived Feb IS— Stmr City of Pa
nama, from Chamrerlco. Feb IS— Haw stmr
Barracouta. from Champerlco.
Sailed Feb 19 — Stmr Ne'wDort. for Ean Fran
cisco: stmr San Jose, for San Francisco.
ALTONA— Sailed Feb 28— Br ship Laurtstoo.
for .
TSlNGAU— Arrived March 2— Haw scar Hono
luln. from. Astoria.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 3— Stmr Cam
pania.' from New York.
Sailed March 3 — Stmr Etrurla, for New Tork.
NEW TORK— Arrived March 3— Stmr New
York, from Southampton.
Sailed March 3— Stmr Pennsylvania, for
Hamburg, via Plymouth; stmr La Norcnandls.
for Havre: stmr Rotterdam, for Rotterdam,
via Boulogne and Plymouth; stmr Kaiser Wll
helm 11. for Genoa, etc.
LONDON— Arrived March S— Stmr Manxnette,
from New York.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed March J— Stmr St PauL
from Southampton, for New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed March S— Stmr Kasstng
ton. for New York.
HAVRE-^Salled March J— Stmr La Aqul
talne, for New Tort.
BRISBANE— Arrived March i Stnif Mlo
wera. from Victoria, etc.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to March »— Stmr
Doric, from San Francisco, etc; stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Portland, Or. etc.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to March t— Stmr
Nippon Mara, from San Francisco, etc.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth marriage and death notices sent by
mail will n«t bi inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
EBEL— In this city. February tU 1900, to the
wife of Paul Ebel, a son.
OALLICK— In this city, February *>. W». to
the wife of Dick Galllck. a son.
GARTLAND— In this city, January M, 1900. to
the wife of Patrick J. Gartland. a son.
HIOGINS— In this dtv. February V, IMO. to
the wife of J. R. Hlggins. a daughter.
KALB— In Santa Rosa, February J7. 1900, to the
wife of P. J. Kalb, a son.
LANGSTAFF— In this city, March 2. 1900. to
the wife of W. J. Langstaff. a daughter.
LYNCH— In this city. March 1. 1900, to the
wife of Charles V. Lynch, a son.
McGRATH— In this city, February 27. 1900. to
the wife of J. E. McGrath. a son.
PHILLIPS— In this city, February 23. WOO. to
the wife of I. L. Phillips, a daughter.
BAUER— In this city, February 2S, 1900, X» the
wife of George F. Saver, a daughter.
BIMINOFF— In this city, February 23, I*oo. to
the wife of A. Slmlnoff, a daughter.
6TOKEB— In this city. February «, 1900, t» the
wife of George W. Stokes, a daughter.
SUTLIFFE— In this city, February 14. MO*, to
the wife of E. C. Sutltffe. a son.
tTTW— BRAND-NEW "-room residence; Just
completed: with porcelain bath; good corner
lot; well located, near electric cars and local
station; will be sold at a bargain on easy
payment!-: owner muet sell, and will offer In-
ducements. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
MONEY to loan on real estate; also furniture,
pianos, etc.. at lowest interest. ALDEN CO..
Ill* Broadway.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. March 3.
Btmr Matteawan. Crosenp. 35 hoars from Ta
eoma. ¦SaB^K^dBBBSJBBkISHBBSSSBBiaasnBIMBJBBJBjf
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Continued from Page Thirty-One.'
BAY AND BIVES STEAMERS.
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat.' at »:43
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m.(ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p D. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
pier No. 2. • Telephone Main IMS.
FARE tOa
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. lfi. of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the lszued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company. 430 Cali-
fornia St.. San Francisco, on March 18, 1900.
Transfer books close March 3. 1900. at noon.
A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEM) .NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 13 (thirty
<-ents per share) of the Paaubau Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. TT, Market st.. on and
after Saturday. March VS. isoo. Transfer
books »!ll close on Saturday. March 3
1900. at 12 o'clock m. E. 11. SHELDON Bee'
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Georce W. and Margaret J. Etedman to
Oscar Heyman, lot on W line of Wool street,
91:4 N of Cortland avenue, N 25 by W 70. lot
68, Gift Map 1; $10.
Mary L. Gregorcie (Conlln) to Hanora Barry,
lot 404. Gift Map 4; $10.
Komain C. and Caroline R.- de Boom to
William Miller, lot 31, block 2, de lioom Tract;
$20.
Hartland and Ada Law to L. H. Sly. lot on
S line of Filbert street, 102:9 W of Broderick.
W 100 by S 137:6; $10.
Ellen Kiely to Letitla T. Sawyer, lot on N
line of Frederick street. 135 W of Ashbury,
w 25 by N 116:6: $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to " J. .' C
Lastufka and V. Vintera, lot 24, block 2,
Marlon Tract (hospital lot); $10.
Adam Sweigert to • William • J.. 'Charles t A.,
Mary and Caroline Sweicert, lot •on NWJline
of Howard street; " 100 - NE of- Eleventh, NE
60 by NW 90: gift. .
• California Title s Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Emerson Corville, lot on E line :of
Folßom street, 102:6 V1.'N of Fourteenth, ; N 12S.
E 144.85, N 80.720. E 10S. B 100, ' W 106.10. , W
60.20. 8 23.5 U. W 96.64; $10.
Edward A. Huber : to Emma Ruber (wife),
lot on N line of Green street.' 70 B of Jones,
S 87 :6 by N 120; ' also lot on SE corner • of
OAKLAND FCRMTI'BG FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. SeheUhaasTthe
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Bro»dw»y. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscription* received.
tllW— MODERN home; six roomf: corner; con-
venient university and station. 61S8 Telegraph.
CORNER store: 4 living rooms and stable; lot
3Sxloo. Inquire S9l Ilalght St.. S. F.
11750— BANK sale; large S-room cottage; lot 50x
130; in fine condition: close to Telegraph aye.;
hcus* cost t27TA WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 903
Broadway. Oakland.
HOUSE 5 rooms, bath; sale or exchange; part
cash, stock in trade or lots. Bex 2719. Call of-
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mlsa M A Baker. Mass
B F Ross, New Jersey
A M Peckham. Wls ¦
C A Middlemas. Mass
Mrs Middlemas. Mass
B U Steinman. Sacto
C B Kaufman. Menlo
C A Hill. Oakland
J E Congdon, Sausallto
D F Cone. Red Bluff
W Wheeler. Boston
J C Talmage, L Ang
A E Elret, L Angeles
A J Waufhold. Ohio
C H Bremer. Utica
R E Hyde. Vlsalla
V H MacSymont. Cal
C W Grlggs, Taeoma
Miss A M Rector. Wash
G H Whitcomb. Kans
Mrs Whitcomb. Kans
L L Nunn, Colo
W L Blersach. Colo
R V Davis, San Jos«
D D Johnson. S Jose
J H Meyer. New York
P L McDermott. Wls
Mrs A L PlttlnKlll.- O
J Dittmas. New York
Mrs Dittmas. N York
Miss Dittmas. N York
Mrs L Moffatt. N T
R T Kochs. Chicago
Mrs Kochs. Chicago
Mrs B C Chancy. Colo
G Stanley. New Tors;
J Youn*r, New York
J A Van Cleve. Wls
Mrs Van Cleve. Wls
D A Duncan. Duluth
Mrs Duncan. Duluth
S D Nicholson. Colo
H Thomas, Riverside
J W Druff. B C
W W Jameson, Seattle
C C West. Baltimore
Mrs West. Baltimore
Miss West. Baltimore
A Joshke, S Antonio
E P Prowllnge. Conn
Mrs T Goodale. Boston
C Dunne. Boston
F C Dennis. Spokane
T B Keating, Pleasntn
Miss M Baker. Mass
8 Allman, New York
W H R Huff. LAit|
C P Houghtan, NY
W J Hogan, Redwood
F P Mills, Coultervllle
B J Kohlberg, Stockton
GRAND HOTEIu
A P Shephard. Fresno
T N Porter, Napa
C Nelson. Sacramento
M Rought. Sacramento
G W Appleton. Sn Jose
G C Turner. Stockton
P B Yates. Los Ang
H Dale. Portland
A J Rhodes & w. Or
C O Woods, Columbus
A Lognos. Nevada
Mrs Jos Farls, Sacto
Miss Farts. Stanford
R Miller & w,~ Chicago
J B Southwell, Lo« An
E E Ingalls & w. Col
Geo H Stewart. Los An
E A Meserve, Los Ang
R M Lyman. Oakland
JD Wadsworth. 8 Rosa
Thos Jacob, Vlsalla
B A'Towne, Sacto
Wm C Wilson, Wli
G Martini. Mich'
Wm M Sims. Sacto
R Clark, Benlcia
Mrs Clark, Benlcta
G R Bates & w. Mich
W T.Coutts. Bakersfd
W F Ingalle. Napa
E P Goodwin. Denver
Wm Magulre. Dutch Fl
S W Laughlln & w. Cal
Wm Rennle. Snta Crux
D C Clark. Santa Crux
John Denny, Sacto
D J OBrlen. Sacto
C Friedberg. Idaho
A B Lemmon. S Rosa
J V.Cleveland. Sacto
J V Shephard. N V
W A White & w, L A
A Cuthbert & w. Mich
Dr Watkins, Idaho
C Duncan, Chicago
W H Orr, Stockton
Wm J Kelly. St Helena
J Hendry. St Helena
C R Smith. Stockton
M E McGrath." Denver
A C Ross & w. Sacto
R H Dun A w. Redding
J C Churchill. Yreka
F Howard. St Paul
Miss Howard. St Paul
P E Oilman. Snta Rosa
M L Elliot, Santa Rosa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G A Harvey. Salt Lake
W Chlnn, Chicago
C S McCarty * w.la
N Mallinger & w. Or
R C Wilson.' Sonora
S Fisher, Berkeley
G A Deiter. Santa Crux
G Ley, Fresno ¦ ¦
G R Walker. Modesto
J M Stanley, Pan Jose
C M Smith. Rio Vista
J Rodman." Baltimore
W G Sener. Stockton
P W Montray. S Jos»
B "Whltaker & w. lowa
R Quartermas ft w. Cil
J J Miller. Nevada
W A Petty & w. Colo
W- R Lock & w. Colo
C Page & w. Bakerfld
120 ACRES, • miles from Hay wards; 75 acres
cultivated; houee and barn; all tools and
Ktock. C. K. KING. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
11000— 40 ACRES, below Llvermore; 20 acres cul-
tivated; houee and barn. C. K. KING, »CJ
Broadway, Oakland.
14 ACRES. Haywards, US00: nearly all In fruit;
house and barn. C. K. KINO. W2 Broadway.
Oakland.
FOR sale — J4500; houee and large lot: 16th st.,
Oakland: desirable. C K. KING, 902 Broad-
way. Oakland.
j^OO—XEW modem cottare. 6 rooms, bath and
iJI improvement* ; lot 35x120; very easy terms
can be arranged: street work all done. WIL-
LIAM J DINGEE. S»C3 Broadway. Oakland.
J3TS0 — COST HSCO six months ago: handsomest
home in Fruttvale; S rooms, bath and base-
ment- lot 45xlCS; everything the best. WIL-
LIAM J. DINGEE, 903 Broadway, Oakland.
$4:oO— LOT ESxIOO on the corner of Summit and
Orchard etc.; one of the finest lots In Oak-
land. WILLIAM J. DINGEE. 803 Broadway,
Oakland.
OAKLA.VD REAL ESTATE.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
JGSOO— LINDA VISTA residence; north side of
street; lot 91x140; elegant new house, 9 rooms:
latest improvements : must be sold at once;
cost $$750 cix months ssro. WILLIAM J.
DINGEJi 903 Broadway. Oakland.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
tifc. wharf, San Francisco:
WTh^fc^ For Alaafcan ports, 10 a. m.
ir»Mhj. Mar. 2. 7. 12. IT. S. 27. Apr. 1.
l«MJs»Smj|w change to company's steam*r»
fasaSsHNA*! For Victoria. Vancouver. (B.
Ife^ir*nlj C-) ' Port Townsen<J - Seattle],
Taooma, Everett. Anacort-*,
and New Whateom (Wajh.),
10 a. m.. Mar. 1 7. li 17. O.
27. Apr. 1 and every flfta day thereafter: Chang*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and O. N. Ry.: at Taeoma to N. P. Ry.: at
Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). I. p. in.. Mar.
S. 10. 13. 20. 28. 30. Apr. 4. and rrerr flfta day
thereafter.
For Santa Crux. Monterey, Ban Simeon. Car-
ncos. Port Harford (San Lnis Obispo), Gavlota,
Fanta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro.
East Ean Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. *
a. m.. Mar. 4, 8. 12. 16. JO. 24. 23. Apr. L and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ean Diego, stopping onry at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Lea
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). XI a. m..
Mar. 2. 6. 19, 14. 18. it, 28, 30, Apr. J. and every
fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joae> del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mn.). 10 a. m.. Mar. s. and 7th
of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to enamr*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICR.ET OFFICE —4 N«w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKTNS A CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. Ban Francisco.
KUIITVALE REAL. ESTATE.
CHEAP — Orchard and chicken ranch of 5 or 7
acres; 4-room house, well, etc. For particu-
lar* adCn-fs THOS. PROUT. Dlmond P. O.
BARGAIN— I rms.; modern; near cars, trains;
easy terms. ABRAHAM SON, 111 Laurel aye..
Oakland; open Sundays 2 to 4.
nER.KCL.EY REAL ESTATE.
IN the Hillegass Tract — New house of I
rooms, with ail the latest Impm«nent»; lot
£2xl CO; a bargain.
MASON & McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley.
»3<m— A THOROUGHLY well-built house of 7
rooms; only two blocks from station; sunny
side of street; all street work done.
MASON & McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
for, while the boy would be a citizen of
the United States, still he would be a na
tive- of the country In which he waa
born.
M'KINLET'S CABINET— L. J., Es
trella, San Luis Obispo County, Cal. The
members of President McKlnley's Cabinet
are: John Hay, Secretary of State; Ly
man J. Gage, Secretary of the Treasury
Elihu Root, Secretary of War; John W.
Grlggs, Attorney General; Charles Emory
Smith, Postmaster General: John D.
Long, Secretary of the Navy; Ethan
Allen Hitchcock, Secretary of the Inte
rior, and James Wilson, Secretary of Ag
riculture.
IN COMPANY— X. L., City. A husband
in speaking to his wife in company or in
public should address her as "Mrs." (us
ing her name). The wife should likewise
address her husband as "Mr." (using his
name). To style each other "My dear,"
"My darling." "My duck" and the like in
public is simply to become ridiculous.
Neither should address the other by the
Christian name In such cases, nor by the
initial letter, as "Mr. A.." "Mrs. C." but
use the family name, with the prefix
"Mr." and "Mrs."
COLLECTIVE NOUN-C., City. It is
proper to say "the committee report" and
"the committee reports." Committee i 3
a collective noun. Collectives as subjects
can have their verbs either in the singu
lar or the plural, the latter by preference
in familiar style; but usage varies as to
different words of this class, according
as they express) more prominently a unit
or a complexity. They take attributives,
however, In the singular, as "the commit
tee recommends" or "recommend," but
"this committee recommends."
A LATIN QUOTATION— PrITSita Stu
dent, City. The Latin quotation, "Ne su
tor ultra crepidam" — Let not the shoe
maker go beyond his last— was a censure
addressed by Apelles, a distinguished
Grecian painter who flourished In the
time of Alexander the Great, to & certain
cobbler who found fault with an ill-paint
ed slipper in one of his pictures; but
when he presumed to extend his criticism
to other parts of the painting he betrayed
so much ignorance as to elicit from the
painter this rebuke, which, freely trans
lated, means that no one should, presume
to give his opinion in a province of art
in which he is only a dabbler.
HER TRUE SENTlMENTS—Subscri
ber, City. This correspondent writes:
"For nearly two years I have been very
much in love with a lady (I of course
think her charming), and she says that
she reciprocates; yet, while being entire
mistress of herself and affairs, she re
fuses to allow me to call on her and she
very seldom calls on me, although our re
spective places are not more than a
stone's throw apart. What do you think
of her true sentiments toward me?" It
looks very much as if the lady's reclpro
cative feelings are not as strong as you
think they are, and if, during a period of
two years, she did not permit you to call
upon her, it is about time that you gave
her to understand that "there is Just as
good flsh in the sea as ever was caught."
DUTCH AND GERMAN— Dutch Is the
language of the Netherlands, as it is
called in America and Britain, but by the
Netherlanders it -is called Nederdultsch
or Nederlandsch. It is one of the Low
German language* or languages of the
Aryan family spoken in lowlands of the
Teutonic part of Europe, in contrast with
the High German of Upper Germany.
"Low Dutchman" and "High German"
are terms that are used only by those
who are ignorant of their application
when used in connection with the Nether
lands and Germany. They are used only
to designate the language of the two
countries, and the expressions ar« "Low
German" and "High German," the latter
expressing the highest and jpurest Teu
tonic language and "Low German." or
Dutch, that which is spoken In the low
lands.
HUMMING IN A THEATER— B., City.
This correspondent has a grievance which
he sets forth in these words: "If & gen
tleman and lady who are well acquainted
should attend the theater and the lady
should persist In singing or humming
while popular airs are being played or
sung, would it be improper for the gentle
man to ask her to please refrain from
humming or singing, or indicate as much
by a slight movement of the elbow?" la
the first place no lady would be guilty of
such conduct, for it is not only an annoy
ance to her escort, but to all close to her,
for they undoubtedly would prefer to hear
the professionals sing or play than listen
to her singlnsr or humming. In such a
case the gentleman would be Justified In
reminding her, ia any gentlemanly way,
that such conduct waa very annoying, and
if she persisted he would be Justified on
some other occasion in taking to the play
¦ome one who would not slug and hum.
NATIONALITY OF SOLDIERS— X. T.
M., City. There are no exact flgurea of
the nationality of the soldiers who served
in the Civil "War. either of the Federal
or the Confederate armies. Figures) have
been published, but they were only based
on guesswork, and therefore are not re
liable. In reply to a question in relation
to this matter submitted to the office of
the adjutant general of the United States
army, the reply was that no official com
pilation of nativity has been mads
and it cannot be made for the reason that
in the enlistments, in very many in
stances, the nativity of the men does not
appear on the muster roll of the com
pany. That being the case, the number
of desertions by nationality cannot be
given. The estimates of nationalities in
the Union army that have been given are
as follows: Native American, 1,523,3v0;
German,. 176.800; Irish. 144,200; British-
American, 53,500; English, 45,000; other for
eigners, 48,400; nativity unknown, mostly
foreign, 26,500. The total number of de
sertions were: Union army. 199,105: Con
federate army (partial compilation), 104,
428.
"NtA-ft.TJ.TAnv. INCENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Edward P. O'MaHey. 28, 423 Harriet street,
and Annie E. McCaffrey, 19. 1228 Bryant street.
Charles Crush. 29, 1001 Pine street, and Fan-
nie Harrison. 28. 266 A Shipley Btreet.
Lewis E. SUnson. SS. 96 South Park, and Lola
I. Venable. 31. Los Angeles.
George W. Foster. 25. 2SB Kearoy street, ana
Mary L. Wnittmore, 19. 1729V4 Mission street.
Cliarles Llndemann, SL city, and Lizzie
Kaber. 20. city. . _.. ,
Patrick J. Eheehy. 22. Oakland, and Ethel
Brown. IS. Oakland. . _i
Emile Grand. 24. €33 Broadway, and Mary
Galenskey. 15. 623 Broadway.
Carl Roasbach. 27. 606 Second street, and
BeTtha Lorenzen. 18. 506 Second Btreet.
John Ott. 39, 241 Page street, and Lena Ooelz.
31. city.
residence, 1087 Blity-flfth street, Golden Oate.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
GILLETTE)— In Big Oak Flat. March 8, 1900,
Mabel F., beloved wife of Irving Gillette, and
daughter of the late Joseph Farrell and Mrs.
H. Gerome. a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years.
(C7FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halstcd & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
-Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero Btreets.
HASSELBUSH— In this city. March S, 1300,
John K. Hasselbush, beloved husband of Al-
wlner Hasselbush, a native of Germany, aged
E5 years 6 months and 14 days.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
March 6, .1900, at 1 o'clock, from the parlors ot
Charles J. B. Metzler. 638 Washington street,
thence to Verein Elntracht Hall. 237 Twelfth
street, where services will be held under the
auspices of the Vereln Eintracht. commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
HERZO— In this city, March 1. 1900. Anna
Herzo. wife of the late John Herzo. a native
of Dalmatla, Austria, aged 47 years 4 months
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at i o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 828 C Union street, near Taylor, thence
to Sts. Peter and Paul's Church, where serv-
vices will be held. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Notice.— A high requiem mass
will be celebrated to-morrow (Monday), at
10 o'clock, at Sts. Peter and Paul's Church,
corner of Dupont and Filbert streets.
HIRT— In this city, February 28, 1900, Theobold
Hirt, beloved son of Dorothea and the late
John Hirt, and brother of Mrs. Bernard Sten-
gel, Mrs. Joseph Muller and John and Salome
Hirt, a native of Alsace, aged 34 years and 9
months.
(CJrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors ot H. F. Maass. 317 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ISAAC— In Oakland. March 8, I*oo, Fannie S.,
beloved wife of Louis Isaac, a native of Ohio,
aged 46 years 11 months and 8 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
to-morrow (Monday), at 11 o'olock. at the
parlors of Albert Brown. 468 Thirteenth street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
KELLY— In thU city, March 1, 1900, Thomas,
beloved husband of the late Hannah Kelly,
and father of Daniel, Joseph, John and Mol-
lle Kelly and Mrs. D. Boland. a native of
County Waterf ord. Ireland, aged 85 years.
(C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Sl3 Clipper street, between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth. Noe and Castro,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where sen-ices
will be held for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 12 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LARKINS— In this city, March 2, 19C0, Fred-
rick William Larklns, beloved son of the late
Fred and Ann Larklns, and brother of James
A. and Arthur H. Larkins, Mrs. Eliza Boodt,
and Hattle E. and William A. Larkins. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 31 years 4 months
and 26 days. (Dover, England, and Auck-
land. New Zealand, papers please copy.)
ETRemalns at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co., 818 Mason street, be-
tween Geary and CFarrell.
LUND— In this city, February 28, 1900, Andrew
H. Lund, beloved husband of Mary Lund,
father of Nells and James Lund, and brother
of Michael and Jesper Lund end Mrs. P.
Klnbur, a native of Denmark, aeed 33 years
and B months. A member of Danmark No. 2
Dania and Pacific Mutual Aid Society.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1217H Howard street, thence to K. P.
Hall, 903 Market street, where funeral serv-
ices will be held under the auspices of Dan-
mark No. 2 Dania. commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MARCHESE —In this city. March 2, 1900,
Pietro, beloved husband of Maria Marchese,
and father of John and Michael Marchese and
Mrs. Mary Camarotta, a native of Italy, aged
60 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 710 Montgomery avenue. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Golden Gate
Lodge, I. O. O. F., M. U. 7189, will assem-
ble at Garibaldi Hall. 423 Broadway, at 2
o'clock to attend the funeral of our late
brother, P. Marchese.
F. H. SCHOTT. Secretary.
PERSON— In this city. March 8, 1900, Arthur
Clarence, youngest and dearly beloved son of
John and Emma Person, and brother of Wil-
liam Person, a native of Saa Francisco, aged
S months and 2 days.
RIED— In this city, March 8. 1900. Ellen A.
Ried, a native of Georgia, aged 4S years.
(CT Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor
&. Co., 767 Mission street.
i»ITTO— In this city, March 2, 1300, Matilda,
dearly beloved daughter of Luigi and the late
Anna Pltto, and sister of Joseph. Luke, Paul,
James and Teresa Pitto and Mrs. Katie Bar-
dellinl. a native of San Francisco.
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her
late residence. 120 Otsego avenue, off Onon-
daga avenue. Five-and-a-half-mlle House,
Mission road. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
SHELDON— In Fltchburg, Alameda County,
Cal., March 1, 1900, Edwin E., beloved hus-
band of Rebecca R. Sheldon, and father of
Mrs. Helen M. McClintock and Mrs. Clara E.
Brewster of Bancroft, Mich., a native of New
York, aged 74 years. (Shiawasse and Oak-
land County. Mich., papers please copy.)
[T7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Grace Congrega-
tional Church at Fitchburg. Interment at
San Lorenzo Cemetery.
STACK— In this city, March 3, 1900. Kate
Stack, a native of County Kerry, Ireland.
[C7" Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor
& Co.. 767 Mission street.
STRUCKMANN— In this city. March 8, 1900, at
his residence. 601 Filbert street, Henry, be-
loved husband of Helene Struckmann, father
of William, Henry, Dora and Alma Struck-
mann, brother of Mrs. F. Helneke. and
brother-in-law of Ernst Llebenberg, a native
of Germany, aged 41 years 3 months and 23
days. A member of Vereln Elntracht and
Retail Grocers' Protective Union.
E7"Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), from Elntracht Hall, Twelfth
street, near Folsom, where services will be
held, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SWEENEY— In this city, March 3, 1900, Mag-
gie, beloved wife of Daniel Sweeney, mother
of Willie Sweeney, daughter of Patrick and
the late Bridget Gamble, and sister of Rich-
ard, William, Annie and Francis Gamble, a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 17% .Sumner street, oft Howard, near
Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
THOMAS— In Santa Rosa, March 3. 1900. Laura,
beloved wife of John Thomas, a native of
England. (Sausallto papers please copy.)
C7lnterment at Santa Rosa to-morrow
(Monday).
WALTER— In this city, March 8, 1900. at his.
home, surrounded by bis family, David NT;
beloved husband of Hannah Walter, and
father of Mrs. Moses Heller, Mrs. Abe Mer-
tlef and Clarence R. and Herbert D. Walter,
a native of Germany, aged 62 years and S
months.
(T7 Friends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morro<
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1700 Van Ness avenue. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by special train
from Third and Townsend streets at 10:60
o'clock. It is the expressed wish of the fam-
ily that friends omit all floral offerings.
WEMMER— In Oakland, March 3, 1900, Dora,
beloved wife of Caspar Wemmer. and mother
of Hermann. Albert. Clara and Else Wem-
mer, a native of Sachsen-Melnlngen, Ger-
many, aged 40 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the , funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, 827 Market street, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
WHITE— In this city, March S. 1900, Ann
White, a native of Ireland, aged 84 years.
WHYTE— In Golden Gate. Oakland, March 8,
1900, Lillie Elizabeth Whyte, beloved wife of
Nell C. Whyte. mother of Malcolm C. Whyte.
daughter of F. A. and Jane Koegel, and sis-
ter of Edward, David, William J. and Frank
A. Koegel, aged 42 1 1 11 is jjjn ry Nljjti l~ HIH
WOODS— In this city. March », 1900. at the
residence of her cousin, Mrs. A. A. Osborn,
ESO Church street, Jennie Martin Woods, a
native of Albany, N. Y. (Montreal, Canada,
and Cohoes and Albany, N. V., papers please
eery) v M mi mnw/mamgktaamKHf*
[7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral serv'ces
to-morrow (Monday), at 2:80 o'clock, at the
residence, £50 Church. Remains to be sent to
Albany, . N. V., for Interment.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
Union and Mason streets. H SO by 8 75; also
lot on S line of Clay street, 179:^ W of Tay
lor W 60 by S 88; also lot on N»ne©f How
ard street. 250 NE of Second ' NE 25 by N W
100; also lot on 8W corner of Third and Minna
streets, W" 75 by S 25: also lot on N line of
Clay street, 110 E of Mason. B 27:6 by N 120.
also lot on NW corner of Eighth ¦ avenue and
Lake, street, W-240 by N "2: gift. . __,„.
Charles C. and Belle Westenhaver to Will am
J. Gilbert, lot on S line of T 2'«" ty -/io
street, 105 W of Castro. W 65 by 8 114: $10.
L. H. and Lizzie Sly to Hartland U^lot
on W line of Drumm street. 59:3 3-7 8 of Wash
ington, S 32:4 4-7 by W 75; $10. „
Covington Johnson to Susan O. Te\li 1 and
J. B. Haggln, lot on NW corner of Battery and
Vallejo streets. N 47:6 by W 137:8; $10. ¦
Frank W Altken vs. M. E. Paul, lot on SW
corner of Greenwich and Sansome streets, o
68:9 by W 137:6- $7322.
Mutual Savings Bank of San Francisco to
William M. Thornton, lot on N line of Cali
fornia street. 170 W of Jones, W 55 by N 137.8.
Same to' George E. Ames, lot ° n _ N "°* *£
California street, 115 W of Jones. W 65 Dy im
13 G. 6> T. l0 and Anna Knopf to "na Krausgrlll.
lot on W line of Leavenworth. 27 :« Sof CDest
nut. S 27:6 by W 110: $10. . o
Letitla M.. Joseph R-. John W^ Ada C.,
Mary N.. Charles B. and Calus *. *?!»s*>
Harriet Ryland O'Keefe and DwlBM E. «y
land to Mountford 8. Wilson, lot on NW corner
of Alameda and Kansas streets N^B6o by W
200; also P N block 201. bounded by W Isconsln,
Sixteenth, Carolina and Eighth streets; $10.
George B. Rosewell to Bertha F. Smith lot
on W line of First avenue, 325 N of Clement
street. N 25 by W 120; $10. „.,... , ?.«_
Albert M.- and Elizabeth A. Whittle to Ves
tina Hogan (wife of Michael), lot on E line
of Eleventh avenue. 250 S of N street, S 60
F. W. 'Van Reynegom to M. R- H - T) B A rt Z
(wife of Edward), lot on N line of Randall
street. 60 W of Dame. W 25 by N 126. lot 23.
block 27. Falrmount Homestead Association.
C. Burkhart to H. A. Liebermann. Jot •" f
line of Potrero avenue. 325 Not Augusta street.
E 100 by N 60, lots 888 and 239 Silver Terrace
Homestead: also lot 00 B line of Vermont
street, 196:9 N of Silver avenue. B H» by N
60, lots 429 and 4». itm«; B^f*-., ,_. axtr
Edward Ecan to Adolf Moeller, lot on BW
line of Sickles avenue. 81 SE°f Wyoming ave
nue, SE 66. SW 160. NV T 30. NE 65, NW 36,
NE 106, block I. West End ¦ Map •I: $W; also
lot on N line of Peralta stre** toO of York.
W SO by N 160. lot 128. Preolta Valley Lands;
lEmlly1 Emlly F. Currier (wife of Christopher B.) to
Christopher B. Currier, lot on 8 line of Geary
street, 185 E of Polk, B «7:6 by S U0: gift.
Anson P. Hotallng Sr. to Lavlna J. HotaJ»«Jf.
lot on NE corner of California and Franklia
" Ida "cerv'e'lli to Stefano and Elisa Bolari. lot
on E line of Buchanan street. 60 S of Lombard,
8 60 by E 31:3; $700. _-• ; ,
Matthew and Catherine Kavanagh to Freder
ick and Anna Klopper, lot on SB corner of
Stelner and Grove streets. S 30:6 by E 75; $10.
A. C. Blngham to Charlotte' E. Morgan. Ellen
N. Cook Leroy T Hutchinson and Adelaide
Phelpg (1-16 each). Hiram T. Hutchlnson and
Mary H. Slbley (* each), Mary K. Miller and
John H. Tracy (H .each), lot on SE corner of
Filbert and Pierce streets, B 137:6 by S 137:6
(quitclaim deed); $1. . ",- ,v^
Hiram T. and Leroy T. Hutchinson. Mary H.
Slbley. Charlotte E. Morgan, Ellen N. Cook.
Adelaide Phelps John 11. Tracy and Mary K.
Miller to Thomas and Annie P. HIU, lot on S
line of Filbert Btreet, 82:6 E of Pierce, E 27:6
by S 120; $10. , _ lt
Estate of Owen Keenan (by F. J. Tomalty,
executor) to Mary A. Barry, lot on N line of
Ridley street, 25 E of Elgin Park, B 25 by N
75; $4600.
William and Mary A, Walker to Marcarel
Morton, lot on W line of Folsom street, 85 N
of Fifteenth N 25 by W 122:6; $10.
John and Sophie Elder to H. L. Whlpple. lot
on S line of Twenty-flrst street, 254:6 W of
Church. W 60:11 by S 114; $10.
Mary E. and George L. Carroll (by Thomas
F. Dunn, commissioner) to Marion Leventritt.
lot on SE corner of Market and Sanchez streets,
8 96:10%. E 125, N 60. W 83:5H, N 74:4. SW 49:
also lot on SW corner of Twenty-eighth and
Noe streets, W 660 by S 223: also lot on S line
of Henry street. ISO W of Sanchez, W CO by S
115; also lot on 8 line of Fifteenth street. 79:8*1
NE of Sanchez, S 100 by E 60; also lot on NW
corner of Twenty-eighth and Noe streets, N
101:6. W 117. N 12:6. W 325. S 114, E 442; $4250.
• Martha A. and Thomas R. Roller to Chris
tlane Klelnhammer, lot on E line of Folsom
street, 237:6 S of Twenty-second, B 22:« by B
1i2.6; $10.
Carrie E. and Henry S. Bridge to Louisa B.
Cronln. lot on W line of Sanchez street. II S
of Alvarado. S 20 by W 101:9; $10.
Sophie L. Phillips to Sophlo E. Phillips, un
divided half interest In lot on NW corner of
Bush and Battery streets, N 30 by W 77:6; also
undivided half interest in lot on E corner of
Mission and Second streets. NE 100 by SE 100;
William F. and Mary L. McNutt to L. H. Sly,
lot on N line of Bush street, Sl:8 W of Mason,
W 45:10, N 137:6. E 48:2, S 80:6. J3 89:4, S 7. W
91:8. S 100; $10.
Same to same, lot on N line of Bush street,
91:8 W of Mason. W 43:2%. N 135:10%. E 1:9.
N 1:11. E 48:2, S 30:9, E 89:4. 8 7, W 92:3. S
100, quitclaim deed; $10.
J. Downey Harvey. Sophie G. Harvey, Elea
nor, Genevleve. Walter S and Peter D. Mar
tin to Robert R. Thompson, lot on N corner of
Bryant and Second streets. NE 250, NW 146,
SW 125, NW 35, SW 125, SE 181: $10.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to John L.
nnd Grace M. Calvert, lot on E line of Nine
teenth avenue, 120 N of California street, 1W27
by E 120; $10. 1
Alameda County.
George T. and Adella S. Hawley to Daisy B.
Howard (wife of E. A.), lot on N line of Pros
pect or Twenty-ninth street, distant E from
its Intersection with East Hawley street,
thence NE 130, SE 55, SW 130, NW E5, to begin
ning, being portion of lot 2. on Map of sub plat.
20, Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Oakland; $10.
Same to Fanny K. Howard (wife of Cary),
lot on N line of Prospect or Twenty-ninth
street distant SE from Its intersection with
East Hanley street. 255,. thence NE 130, SE 55.
SW 130. NW 55. to beginning, portion of lot 3,
on same map, Oakland: $10.
George H. and Annette P. Barrett to W. H.
Butson, lot on NE corner of Seventh and Madi
son streets, E 100 by N 30, block 12«, Oakland;
$10.
Union Savings Bank to Lenora M. Harrison,
lot 4, block 210s, Alden Tract at Temescal, Oak
land; $10.
Henry E. "Wtnslow to Emily M. Wlnslow, lot
on S line of Eighth street, 180 E of Wood, S
58, E 30, N 66, W to beginning, Oakland; gift.
Melllcsa S. Carle to Hyacinth Gil, lot on W
line of Center street, 79 N of West Thirteenth,
N 25 by W 100, being lot 6, block 6SOA. map of
Pcralta and Center-street Lands. Oakland; $950.
Sarah E. CapeTl to Howell P., Mattle A. and
Hattle E. Capell, lot on west corner of East
Fifteenth street and Eighth avenue, NW 120 by
SW 80, block 68, Clinton. East Oakland; gift.
F. H. and Emma T. Masow to American
Surety Company of New York, lot on S line of
Ashby avenue, 1643:8 W of College, W 100 by
S 140, being lots 31 and 32, block E, Claremont
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Thomas A. Pettus to same, lot on W line of
Spruce street, 200 8 of Eunice. 8 40 by W 134,
being Dortion of lot 4. block 10, Map of Prop
erty of Berkeley Villa Association, Berkeley;
$10.
Marguerite Marchand to Ferdinand Schloh,
lot on E line of Sixth street, 100 N of Holyoke.
N F2.6 by E 120, being lots 28 and 29. block 56,
tract B. Berkeley ¦ Land and Town Improve
ment Association, Berkeley; $500.
Ferdinand and AuKusta Schloh to Dolores
Echloh, same, Berkeley: $10.
James H. and Lizzie 8. N. Young to James
A. and Grace D. Mitchell, the N 5 feet of
lot B. block 22, Alameda Park Homestead. Ala,
meda; $140.
James A. Mitchell to Grace D. Mitchell, un
divided H Interest In same. Alameda; $10. '
Gustav A. and Sarah M. Blank to J. J.
Konlgshofer, lot on W line of Park street, 200:«
S of Alameda avenue. S 50:2, W 127:1%, N 60,
E 131:6. to beginning, being portion of lot 13.
block T, LandH adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda;
*10- . . . _
William snd Marion W. Ambrose to John C.
Simons, lot 1, Buena Vista Terrace, Hay-wards,
Eden Township : $10.
Annie L. Miller (wife of F. X.) to Joseph
Northey, lot on W line of Grove street. 74:3 N
of Nineteenth. N 29:6 by W 100, being the N
29:6 of lot 1. block B. Map of Grove-street
Homestead Lots, Oakland; $10.
S. A. and Carrie J. Greene to Amies A.
Hosklns. lot on SE line of Howe street. 86 8W
of Amethyst. SW 35 by SE 125. beins; lot M
and adjoining 5 feet of lot 35, block B, Ther
mal Hill. Oakland; $10.
Belinda Gordon to Edwin J. Gordon, lot on
W line of Spruce street. 6fi S of Rose, S 1 by
W 134:7, being portion of lot 4. block I, Map of
T. M. Antlsell Lots, Berkeley; $10.
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to Effle Doug
las, lot 10, block 12. Map of Daley's Scenlo
Park, Berkeley: • JlO. ¦
Walter A., Sarah, Florence and Arthur L.
Bolton, Alice Bolton Davey (nee Bolton)
to Bolton Company of San Francisco (corpora
tion), lot on : NW line of Hopkins street, 326:8
NE from • a point • formed by the ¦ intersection
of Hopkins street with E line of Alblna avenue,
NE 100-by NW 180. being lot 10, Map of Peral
ta Park. Berkeley: also property In other coun
ties and personal property: $10.
Sarah E. and Anna F. Thompson to Wokott
B. Williams, lot on N corner of East Twenty
eighth Btreet or Charles avenue and Knox ave
nue. N 155 by, E 125. being lots 1. 4 and 5,
block 4, Map of R. F. Knox Tract, warranty
deed. Brooklyn Township; MOOO. •
Oakland Bank ' of Savings to Olive J. Me-
Kenney. lot on S-line of Elm street, 184 B of
San Pablo avenue, E' 47 by S 100, portion of
lot 5. block Q, Kelsev Tract. Oakland: J2500.
John J. and Annie Smith to Joseph J. Smith,
lot on N line of B" street. 108 W of Hannah.
W B0 by N 100. being lots F and E, block 797.
Watts Tract '¦ No. . 2. subject ; to life ' estate to
first party, Oakland: gift. -
Oakland Bank of Ravings and Charles.l*
Smith ito Ira A.' Miller, lot on; SE corner of
Third and Frnnklln streets. S E0 by E 75, being
lots 7, and 8. block 17. Oakland: I .
Ira A. Miller to Hugh and T.. P. Hogan,
same. Oakland: $10. - ¦
Citizens' Building and . Loan Association of
San Francisco to ¦ W. ; G. and Rose Smith.' lot
3, block J. Golden i Gate s. Tract; ! Oakland ; J250.
Lena Corby to Erastus B. Greenough. lot on
W line of Tenth street. 140 N of Channine; way,
N 40 by Wl3o, [being the Nj 12 feet of lot IS
and S 2« feet; of lot 12, block 122, Raymond
Tract, v Berkeley ;, <10.
Alys Arnett to Jesse Arnett, undivided % In
terest in '• following: r- Lot s f> n ww ' llne " °' E*'
liew street. 208.06 N of Olive. - N 75 by . W 122,
being lots: 18. 17 and 18. Frultrale College Home
Tract: also lots "14 , and 15, < same,-; Brooklyn
Township; 1850. -- ?:..-¦.: , :
''Theodore P.' and Eliza BehsJler to Nora. Ryle.
lot on N line of Simpson avenue. 413 W of Tele
graph avenusy W, 31 by N 112.24. 1 belnw a portion
of lot 33," Simpson Tract, Oakland; »19.
HABBIED.
ERIKSON— GALENDO— In this city. March 8.
1900, by the Rev. A. W. Bantandren. Ed-
ward Erikson and Macarrla L. Galendo.
LINDEMANN— KORBEL—In this city. March
3. 1900. by the Rev. J. Fuendeiing, Charles
Llndemann and Elisabeth KorbeL
PLESS— ROCKWITZ- In this city. February 2S.
1900. by the Rev. J. H. Bchroeder. Charles E.
Fless and Alice Frances Rockwltz.
ROSSBACH— LORENZEN— In this city. March
i. VOO, by the Rev. J. FuendellngT. Carl Rosa-
bach and Bertha Lorenzen.
VAN DUZEN— CHRISTIE— In this city. Feb-
ruary 27. 1900. by the Rev. George B. Allen,
Albert A. Van Duzen and Georgie L. Chris-
tie, both of San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST BTXAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Fimn Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PA PC * 12 First Class Includlas B«rt&
rMnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.
March 4. 14. 24. April S
COLUMBIA sails March ». 19. 29. April t
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD. General Agent.
S3O Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
mnr to&x. Southampton, londox. pasxs.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York March 7 New York March 2$
St. Paul March 14 St. Paul April 4>
Kensington ...March 23 St. Louis April 11
RED STAFJ LINE.
New Yor!< cod Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 12 nooa.
Southwark ...March TL.'oordland ....March 21
Westernland ..March 14 Fries land .April 4
Kensington ...March 21 (South war* April 11
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St Allcbael. Dawson Clty-
For fall Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery st.. cr any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISfli
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brann.in streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received en board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. March 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March Jl
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 23
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. Tor
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
* ™^, —^ 1900. at J p. m.
> acklan< * for Sydney
{pfflD3flU- March M.
••-*- it > p. n.
Farorttß Hn# around the world Tla Hawau.
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia. India. Sues, H
England, etc.: WW first class.
L D. SPK£CXELS & BROS. CO.. Aqis.. il« Montgomcr)
pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Frsi S ht 0fi1cc.327 Market St
|iV«j"«V4J LIIIa.LOXJK ...eacOTon.
3HHAP IS .40CO Ton*
;Mpn*hly sailing for Vu-ariiso and Hamburg*)
Tl.ai-x*" Br «¦¦ s=r!» * rf- '»*. «to.
8. 8. HATHO3 SAILS ABOUT BABC3 11
j. d. srwcKKU * iraos. .£. .^nu 1j« ...t« Ofc . rr s».
COKPABSIE GENEBALE THAN3ATLiHTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <sff*^
Saturday, from November 2. 1*93. at
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton «t-; LA BRETACNK. March S;
L'AQUITAINE. March 15: LA CHAMPAGNE.
March 22: LA TOURAINE. March 29. First
class to Havre. 160 and upward; 5 per cent re-
duction on round trip. Second class to Havre.
U'y S per cent reduction on round trip. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI &. CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. gan Francisco.
DIED.
Abrams, Herman
Anthony. Edward T.
Bailey, Mrs. 8.
Beal. Irene
Blake. John P.
Childers, Sam A.
Claudie. Mary E.
Corwln. Grace B.
Cunnlft. John
Dallas. James
Picking. Alice M. J.
Dusenbery. Helena
Emmel, Conrad
Eppertshausen Ignats
Gersens, Ludwig
Gillette. Mabel F.
Hasselbush. John E.
Herzo. Anna
Hirt. Theobold
Isaac, Fannie B.
Kelly, Thomas
Larklns, Fredrick W.
Lund, Andrew H.
Marchese, Pietro
Person. Arthur O.
I'itto. Matilda
Ried. Ellen A.
Sheldon. Edwin B.
Stack. Kate
Btruckmann. Henry
Sweeney, Maggl*
Thomas, Laura
Walter. David N.
Wemmer, Dora
White, Ann
Whyte. Llllle E.
Woods. Jennie M-
ABRAMS— In this city. March L 1900, Herman
Abrams, beloved brother of John, Marcus
and Wolf Abrams and Mrs. Minna Meyer, a
native of Exln, Prussia, aged 49 years.
E7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
{Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from B'nal B'rith
Hall, thence by 11:30 o'clock train to Hills of
Eternity Cemetery.
ANTHONY— Ia this city. March t, 1900. Ed-
ward T. Anthony, beloved father of Carrie A.
Arnold of Lcs Angeles and Edward A., Mark
and Herbert M. Anthony, and brother of Wil-
liam T. Anthony, a natlv« of New York, aged
£6 years.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
BAILEY— In Oakland. March 8, 1900. at 126
Ninth street. Mrs. Susannah Bailey, mother
of Mrs. D. T. Curtis of Oakland. Mrs. H. Cal-
lender of San Francisco and Mrs. J. C. Mor-
gan of Sioux Falls, S. D., a native of Day-
ton, Ohio, aged £4 years and IE days.
BEAL— In Alamcda, March 2, 1900, Irene, be-
loved and only child of Robert W. and Flora
ISeaU a native of Oakland, aged 1 year 7
months and 25 days.
BLAKE— In Oakland, March t, ISOO. John P..
beloved husband of Lizzie Blake, father of
Elodla and Harold Blake, and brother of
Thomas and Flossie Blake and Mrs. James J.
Murry, a native of Grass Valley, Cal., aged
23 years 11 months and 6 days.
XZ? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 354 East Sixteenth street, thence to St.
Anthony's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
St- Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
CHILDERS— In this city, February 27, 1900,
Sam A. Childers, a native of Oregon, aged 43
years. Late a member of Court Fountain
City No. 7800. A. O. F.. of Merced. Cal.
(Portland. Or., and Merced. Cal., papers
please copy.)
C 7 Friends and acquaintances and members
cf the Ancient Order of Foresters are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the A. O. F.
building, 120 O'Farrell street, under the aus-
pices of the Executive Council. Interment
Foresters' Plat, Mount Olivet Cemetery. Re-
mains at the funeral parlors of Bunker &
Lunt, 2EC6 Mission street. Mission Masonic
Temple.
CLAUDIE— In this city. March 8. 1900. Mary
E., beloved wife of the late Julius Claudle.
and cousin of Philip F. McCall. Mrs. Cath-
erine Smith, Mrs. Ellen Walsh and Alexan-
der McCall. a native of County Cavan. Ire-
land, aged £> years.
CORWIN— In this city. March J, 1900, Grace
Eleanor Corwln, beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. H. G. Corwln, and granddaughter of Mr.
and Mrs. G. B. Corwln and of Hon. ar.d Mrs.
John T. Dare, a native of San Francisco, aged
t years and I days. (Los Angeles papers
please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her parents, 2604 Howard street.
Interment private.
CUNND7F— In East Oakland. March 8. 1900,
John, beloved husband of the late Catherine
Cunnlff, and father of Mary, Ida and Thomas
Cunnlff and Mrs. Fornlea, a native of Ire-
land, aged 83 years 9 months and 16 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:16 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 569 East Twelfth street. East Oakland,
thence to St. Anthony's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated tor the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10:80
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
DALLAS— In this city, March t, 1900, James,
beloved husband of the late Annie Dallas,
father of Annie Dallas, end brother of John,
Robert. George and Mary Dallas and Mrs.
Joseph McDonaJd, a native of Ireland, aged
4! years and 20 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral nervlces
to-morrow (Monday), at 11 o'clock, at his late
residence, 286 Seventh street. Interment prl-
\-ate in Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
DICKJNS— In this city. March 2, 1900. Alice M.
J., widow of the late Thomaa W. Dicklns,
aged 71 years and 10 months.
C^Funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 10
o'clock, from her late residence, 1632 Broad-
way. Interment private.
DUSENBERY— In this city, February 28, 1900,
Helena, wife of the late Esoer Dusenbery,
beloved mother of Samuel Dusenbery, and sis-
ter of Mrs. S. J. Mltchel, Mrs. S. Meyer of
Healdsburg and S. G. Mlsh, a native of Ger-
many, aged 64 years and 8 months.
(f7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1(32 Sacramento street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by special train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 11:15
o'clock.
EMMEL— In this city. March 1. 1900. Conrad
Emmel. beloved father of Mrs. Lily Vande-
vjer, Mrs. Emily Burke and Annie Emmel, a
native of Germany, aged 67 years and 2
months.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this diy
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. R36 Washington meet,
thence to Red Men's Hall. SlO Bush street,
where services will be held, commencing at 2
o'clock, under the auspices of Germanfa
Stamm No. 63. U. O. R. M. Interment Odd
Fellows* Cemetery.
EPPERTSHAUSEN— In this city, March 1. 190»;
Ignatz. beloved husband of Rosa Kpperts-
hausen. and son of Leopold and Betty Ep-
pertshaufen of Frankfort-on-the-Maln. a na-
tive of Frankfort-on-the-Main. aged 45 years
6 months and 5 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets.
Funeral under the auspices of Crockett Lodge
No. 139. F. and A. M. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
GERGENS— In Golden Gate, March 2, 1900,
Ludwig, beloved husband of Amelia Gergens,
and father of AiS.usta. Amelia, Walter, Her-
mann and Theodure Gergens, a native of Po-
land, Russia, aged 43 years 11 months and 18
days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ¦ the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at ¦ his late
30New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, aiarch J.— The feature of the
ttock market was the disturbed condition of
mind iaa_lfe*t«*d by tbe bears, whose demands
for stock to cover short contracts worked some
violent recoveries In the Industrial and
cpeclaltr cepart-ient* of the market- This In
fluence was first evident in Third Avenue.
which bounded up ( points on the belief that
fnit r "~'«' saslstasce had been secured to re
habilitate the property.. The short account In
srgar again gave ei*ns cf being over-«xtend
•4. and after faUlns* to near 85 the quotation
touched 101% In tte late -—lings. A dtcllns
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
, -• • - -'Saturday, March S.
Btmr Walla "Walla. Thomas, ««^i boors from
V Smi^UTal. Johnson. 7i hours from WlUaja
Stmr "Willamette.. Hansea. 75 hours from 3»
6t Sunr Aloh*. Jorzessca. » hocr* from Cr«»-
Stmr BransTrlck, Andresea. C 4 hoars from
Stmr South Coast. Olsen.l* hosrs from Al
bl Strnr "Whitesboro. OiMn, U 'hoars from
Hlnkle. B hours from "Eureka,
gtmr Westxjcrt. Ericsson, » hours from Saa
Stmr North Ftork. Bash, 83 hours from En
"swp Centcualal, - Marshall. IS days from
Oyster Harbor.
Ship I F Chanman. Carer. 156 days frpm >«w
T ra«n Incrard. Sehmldt. » days from HUo.
Schr Kobert Lewers. Gooimaa. !6 days from
Koloa-
CLEARED.
Saturday. March I.
Bark S C Allen. Jobnson. Honolulu: WU
lUtns. Dlmond it Co.
Stmr Bonlta, Xicolson. San Pedro; Goodali,
Perklas & CU
SAILED.
Saturday. March 3.
Stmr Westport. Ericsson. — -. -
Stmr Arcata. Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Point Arena. Hacsen. Mendoelno.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen . -
Br stmr Ben— lohr. Wallace. Chemalnoa.
Ship C F Chapman. HaskelL Seattle. _--
Br ship Merioneth. Rowland. Queenstowa,
Fr bark Marie, . Allaire. Queenstown.
Schr Czar. Hutman. Mazatlan.
Schr Laura Madsen. Jorsenson.' Grays Har
bor. ¦•'---- * . ¦¦ -¦¦¦¦.
r Schr Bender Bros. Wetsel, Cocraine River.
Schr-Zslla May, Monroe,' sealing. . .
Business In securities was very good for Sat
urday and "the tone was strong. The sugar
stocks were- generally firm and Giant Powder
was hleher at tiS 75333 25.
There was nothing new In the oil stocks.
The Honokaa Sugar Company is now paying
a dividend of 25c For the month previous
dividends were 25c cer share.
Interest on the fallowing bonds Is now pay
able:
, Rate. Amount.
F. A C. H. Ry:...l $3 00 $13,500
Market-street Ry 2 oO 120.425
Powell-street Ry 3 00 21.000
S. V. Water 6s J CO 149.250
S. V. Water 4a 1 00 W.OOO
Stockton Gas A Electric 3 00 9.000
Sales of bonds on the Bond Exchange thus
far this year amount to JToi.'XO. against 81.424.
400 during the sam« time last year. The sales
of stocks amount to 79,225 shares, . against 123,
000. « -^rJ^.V
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. March 3—12 m
Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup.. 114*4 —
4s quar reg.... — 1144
4s quar new. ..138 —
3s quar coup.. — —
Miscellaneous—
Cal-st Cab 65.. 117 —
C C Wat a 5 ....1064 —
Ed L & P 65. .129 —
FACI Ry 68..11J —
Geary-Bt R ss. — 95
H C A S 545.105 113
Do Es... 10«4 —
L A Ry 55. ...105 1054
L AL Co 65.. — —
Do gntd 6a.. — . —
Do gntd 55.. — 103 •
L A A P R 55.102'4102 ! !i
Market-st 65.. .1274 —
Do Ist M 55. .1164 —
NCN G R 7s.lW —
N R of Cal 65.113 114
Do 5s 11« —
N P C R R 65.103«4 —
Do 5s 16614157
N C R R 55. .199 —
Oak GL&H 55.11 l —
Oak Tran 65. ..112 —
Oak W Co 55. .105 —
Oceanic SS Co.lostf —
On C Ry 65... — 1254
P A Cl Ry 65..1044 —
Pk AO Ry «s. — — .;*
PoweU-st R 65.117 —
Sac L GAR ss. — 100
SF A SJV 15.117 -
S Ry of Cal 6s.ICS 109
S P of A 65. ..11 l —
S P C 6s (1905). 110 111
Do <1906) 11l 1U
Do (1912).....— —
Do Ist eg Ss. — —
6PBr 6s 127 —
S V Wat 65.. .114 116
Do 4s 194; -
SV W 4s(3dm)loS —
Stktn Gas 65.. — —
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 724 7«
Marin County. 60 —
Spring Valley. 99 »H
Gas A Electric—
Cent G L C... — —
Cent L A P.... ? *%
Bld.Ask.
Eqult O L Co. 3«i 4
Mutual El Co. — 12 S
O G L A H.... SOU SI
Pac Gaa Imp.. 524 —
Pac L C 0..... 44 44 « i
S F O &. E.... C 34 —
San Francisco. 44 44 1 *
Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Insurance —
Flrem's Fund.223 " —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd 63 CS4
Bank of CaI..4C?H —
Cal S D A T.. SS«-iIW
First Nat:0n1..25» 305
Lcn P A A....1J3 —
Merchants' Ex 14 —
Nev Nat 8k... — —
Savings Banks—
Ger S A L..1500 ' —
Hum SAL.— — '
Mat Say Bk 43 —
S F 6av U. W74 —
Say A L So. 74 73
Sec Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
' Street Railroads-
California 11SH121
Geary-st 50 —
Market-st Ry. 624 —
OS L A 11.... — 50
Presidio ....... U —
Powder Stocks-
California ....ISO 150
Giant Con Co. 89 »
Vigorit ......... IX 25J
Sugar Stocks—
Hana S P Co. S<4 B*4
Haw CASCo 84 S5&
Honokaa S Co. ti% —
Hutch S P Co. 25H —
Kllauea S Co. 19 20
Makawell S Co 464 46*4
Onomea S Co.. 274 —
Paauhau S Co. 271* —
Miscellaneous—
Al Pack Assn. 11 ?** 121
Cal Fruit Assn 99*4 —
Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Oceanic S Co. S3 —
Pac A FA... t — .
Pac C Bor C 0.1474 —
Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session.
Board—
25 California Fruit Canners, cash 100 00
10 Giant Powder Con 83 78
25 Giant Powder Con 83 25
60 Giant Powder Con, s 80..; S9 00»
130 Honokaa 8 Co • 23 75
' 150 Hutchlnson S P Co "• ...25 73
81000 Los Angeles Ry ss, cash..... 105 25
SivOO Lcs Angeles Ry 55..; ICS 25
343 Makawell S C 0... 4« 00
100 Market Street Railway.... 63 50
29 Market Street Railway 63 25
3) Market Street Railway 63 124
2SO Market Street Rail way.. 63 00
50 Market Street Railway. ¦ 10....:.... 63 00
5 Oakland Gas 50 50
Vt Oceanic S S Co • 93 00
250 Paauhau 9 P Co 27 25
15 S F Gas * Electric Co •. 53 374
85 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 25
25 S F Gas * Electric C 0................ S3 50
75 S F Gas A; Electric C 0......? 53 75
10 S F Gas A Electric C 0... M S7H
75 S V Water.................... 99 00 -
MS V Water, • 68 39 00
Street—
60 Anglo California 8ank......... .'63 25
7 Bank of California ...405 CO
S4OOO California Street Cabl4 Bonds 117 50
S6OOO Los Angeles Ry 5s ........105 25
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—"', ¦*¦¦
70 Barker Ranch 115
300 Anaconda. .'. 66
Street—
JOOTukon ...... - 145
MINING STOCKS.* ;
' rollo-wins; were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher ........ 2S
; 200 Chollar ."--.. 23
1000 Con Imperial.:. - W
200 Gould A Curry. 15
100 Hale * Norcrs. - 31
MO Kentuck 02
400 Mexican ....... 24
200 P0t051;... ...... 23
100 Sierra • Narada. S7
100 St Louis io
I 100 Union Con ..... 24
i . " " -
¦Following wer« the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: g_NnßTflHßMs*B*_6__S*l
Mornlrg Session.
200 Alpha 04
300 Belcher .... 27
600 Belcher ....T.'^r'. 2S
500 Belcher .". 29
*X) Caledonia T: :.'..>- 89
(00 Challenge - Cent. 25
100 Challenge ; Con. 2«
200 Challenge Coo. • 27
11500 Lady Wash.^... 03
I 500 Lady Wash . 04
200 Mexican 2J
200 Ophir ........... 53
200 Overman ....... 20
COO Overman ....... 21
600 PotOSl SO
i 300 Savage 13
Foreign Futures.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening B SH 6 S«i 6 8K
Closing 5 B*4 SSH* 6 8U
VTheat— ¦ Mar. May- Aug.
Opening '•". 19 65 20 70
Closing... 19 95 20 95
Floor—
Opening J5 65 28 80
Clwslng — ..2600 27 25
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. March 3.— CATTLE— Receipts,
SO0; nominally steady. Native good to prime
steers, S5U<: poor to medium, 5434 80; selected
feeders. %SJ% SJ 15@4 70: mixed stockers. S3 40g3 90:
cows, S4S4 2S; heifers, 88 1034 10; canners, $2 2S
S3: bulls S2 6OfT2 65: calves. SSSS. Texans—
Receipts, 300; market, steady: receipts for the
week 3700. Texas fed Bteers, S3 »OS4 90; Texas
bulls, S3 20<?575. . ¦ ,
. HOGS— Receipts to-day.. IJ.OOO: to-morrow.
83 000 estimated: J5OO left over. Closed easier.
Mixed and butchers, 84 6584 90; good to choice
heavy, 545054 924: rough heavy, 84 KS* 75;
light pigs. 6210 c lower. 84 60©4 824; bulk of
Eales 84 77464 86. ? "• -- '
SHEEP— Receipts." 2000. Sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers, 85 60^6; fair
to choice mixed. 84 75©5 50; Western sheep, 85 30
65 90" yearlings. S6§« 60: native lambs. 8537 40.
Weeks' receipts— Cattle, 41,200; hogs, 143,000;
sheep. 61,000. ______
imports and Exports at New York.
NEW YORK, March B.— The Imports of dry
goods and merchandise fat the port of New
York for this week were valued at 813,124.987;
Imports of specie were 5134.52S gold and 56365
In sliver. Exports of^gold and silver t& all
countries were 81.024.523 la . silver bars and
cola and 8126.238 In gold.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON. March B.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury, shows:
Available cash balance, 5255.M3.240; gold re
serve, 5233,J11.15*.
New York Metal Market.
: SOIW.TORK. , March I— Th» brokers' prioe
for lead was 84 45 and for copper Jil 25.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour-
Quiet. Winter— Patents, S3 4}g3 60; straights,
J2SOS3 30;" clears. S2 70^3. - Spring— Specials,
13 SO; patents. S3 10©8 45; straights," $2 60«?
3; bakers. S2S2 43. No. 3 spring wheat, 649
€«4c: No. 2 red, 674f65*-ic: No. 2 corn, 3343>
84c; No. J cats, 23iig234c: No. 2 white, 25g!6c;
No. 2 barley. JSg3»c; No. 1 flaxseed, 81 60; prims
timothy seed, J2 50; mess pork, per barrel. 8* 70
©10 65; Vird, per 100 pounds. 85 12455 774:
short ribs sides (toose). »5 70g5 S5; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 6'iffC4c; short clear sides
(boxed). 85 95^6 C 5: whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, 81 24. Sugars— Cut loaf, C.Ouc;
granulated, 5.40 c
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrel 27.000 23.000
Wheat, bushels 29.000 81,000
Corn, bushels 210,000 187,000
Oats, bushels ..;.".. 212.000 1C3.000
Rye, bushels 5,000
Barley, bushels 58,000 8.000
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In tbe left
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day in the order of occurrencs as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tld*
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except whea there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are In addition to the souadlnzs on tin
United States Coast Surrey charts, except
when a mines sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted front
the depth clven by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
THE STOCK MARKET.
100 New Jersey Central 115U
«X°, New York Central U24
8,195 Norfolk & Western..... 82
,522 & Western prefd 744
2.300 Northern Pacific Sl*
320 Northern Pacific prefd 744
664 Ontario 4 Western 2J-,
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
....... Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
2.U0 Pennsylvania 1344
100 Reading 151*,
3,200 Reading Ist prefd SSH
150 Reading td prefd 254
Rio Grande Western £2
Rio Grande Western prefd 87
200 St Louis & Ean Fran... 10H
St Louis & Ean Fran Ist prefd 654
6t Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 344
6t Louis Southwestern 12 .
800 St Louis Southwestern prefd 294
3.855 St Paul 1214
St Paul prefd 171
• Et Paul & Omaha ICS
5.C25 Southern Pacific 37%
Ml 9 Southern Railway 134
3,160 Southern Railway prefd 6SH
Texas & Pacific * 16
4.335 Union Pacific 48
1.500 Union Pacific prefd 74
Wabash 64
250 Wabash prefd 204
MO Wheeling <fc Lake Erie 10^
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd..... 27H
100 Wisconsin Central 17Vi
Express Companies —
Adams US
» American 145
....... United States 45
Wells. Fargo & Co's IT2
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 33 1 -;
American Cotton Oil Drefd 93 .
American Malting 4*4
100 American Malting prefd 22
tii American Smelting & Refining. ..... 39 T 4
- Am Smelting & Uef.nlr.g prefd 90%
American Spirits t\i
American Spirits zirt-tA 17
700 American Steel Hoop 81
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 79
6,6*5 American Steel & Wire *£S*i
500 American Steel & Wire prefd 914
810 American Tin Plate 32
American Tin Plate prefd SI
17.550 American Tobacco 10a l «
American Tobacco prefd 135*4
.¦;..... Anaconda Mining Co 44
18.750 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 674
250 Colorado Fuel & Iron 43*«
1,650 Continental Tobacco 304
215 Continental Tobacce prefd £34
8,360 Federal Steel 61**
JlO Federal Steel prefd 72* i
General Electric 125
100 Glucose Sugar 504
Glucose Sugar prefd Se4
400 International Paper 20
International Paper prefd £64
Laclede Gas 754
100 National Biscuit 35
National Biscuit prefd 90
200 National Lead 234
National Lead prefd 103 1 *
8.5J0 National Steel 434
National Steel rrefd 64
100 New York Airbrake 128
I.KO North American 14T»
Pacific Coast 4S
Pacific Coast Ist Drefd 80
Pacific Coast "d prefd 60
6-30 Pacific Mail 371 i
12,275 People's Gas 96*;
Pressed Steel Car 54
Pressed Steel Car Drefd E4
........ Pullman Palace Car U3
145 Standard Rcr>e & Twine 7 1 -*
62.420 Sugar 100H
Sugar prefd 106
I.SCO Tennessee Coal & Iron S4i,i
3,660 United States Leather 10",
S6l) United States Leather frefd 714
210 United Etates Rubber 33'
United States Rubber Drefd S2
255 Western Union £24
£€0 Republic Iron & Steel 22
100 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 67U
P C C & St Louis €S
271,400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U E 2s registered... 103
U S 3e registered. ..HlVi
U S 3? coupon HIS
U S new 4s reg....137'i
U S new is coup.. 137^
U S old 4s reg 1164
U S old 4s c0up0n.. 1174
O S 5s registered... lls's
U S is coupon 115H
Dist of Col 3.655. ...US
Atchlson gen 4s 101
Atchison adjust is. SZU
Canada Sou 2d5...1'.'€4
Ches & Ohio 445.. 97>4
Ches & Ohio 55.... 119
C & Nor cons 75.. H1
C & N S F Deb 55.121
Chicago Term 45... S3
Denver & R G lsts. 1034
Denver & R G 45... 35
E T Va & Ga lsta. .lol
Erie general 4s 70»
Ft W &. DC lsts.. 71
Gen Electric 55.... 120
G H M S A 6s V 3
G H & S A 2d5....1074
H & Tex Cent 5b.. 110
H & T C cons 6h..110
lowa Central 15t5. .113
X C P & G lsts.... 724
La new consol 45. .106
LiN unified 45... 93
Eou Pacific 4s £34
M X &. T 2ds 66
M X & T 45.... 814
N V Central lsts..lO9li
N J Cent gen 5s 123^1
North Carollna-65..127
North Carolina 45.. 105
Northern Pac 35... 6*^
Northern Pac 45...103"»
N T C 4 fit L 45..1»S
Nor & W cons 45.. 554
Nor & W gen 65. ..130
Oregon Nay 15te...110
Orepon Nav~ 43 102
Or Short Line 65. .1274
Or S L eons 5s 114
Reading pen 4s i.-i-i
R G Western Ist3.. 574
StL & I M cons SS.IU 1 *
St L & S F gen 65.110
St Paul consols 157»4
EtPaul C & P lsts.l2o
Et Paul C & P 55..12^4
Southern Ry 55....10bi<i
Standard R & T 6s 75
Term new set 35... 85
Tex &. Pacific 1et5. 1134
Tex & Pacific 2ds. £24
Union Pacific 45..104\
Wabash lsts U64
Wabash 2ds 9»4
West Shore 4s 114
Wis Central lsta... XS"«
Va Onturies S9
Va Deferred....- 8«4
Col & Southern 45.. 83H
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar- 23
Crown Point 10
Con Cal & Va 1 40
Deadwood S5
Goula & Curry 11
Hale & Norcross.. 87
Homestake 50 00
Iron Silver 70
Mexican 20
Ontario 8 25
Ophir 6d
Plymouth -15
Quicksilver ........ 1 60
Do prefd 7 50
Sierra Nevada 82
Standard i M
Union Con ........ 20
Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BOXDS.
Money —
Call loans 3£14
Time loans B^gs
Stocks—
Atch Top & B F.. 22U
Do prefd 654
Am Sugar 101
Do prefd.. 107
Bell Tel 81*
Doeton & Albany.. 24o
Boston Elevated... ll6
Boston & Maine.. l 96
Chi Bur & Q llS^
Dominion Coal 434
Do prefd... 116
Federal Steel 514
Do prefd 72%,
General Eleo 125
Do prefd 136
Mexican Cent 11*4
Mich Tel 100
N E Gas & Coke.. 1?4
Old Colony 207
Old Dominion .... IS
Rubber 33
Union Pacific 45»4
Union Land 2
West End 534
Westgh Eleo 42U
Bonds —
Atchlson 4s S3'
N E Gas & Coke Es 704
Mining Shares-
Adventure 4\
Allouez Mng C 0.... 2\
Amal Copper 904
Atlantic 22
Boston & M0nt. ...263
Butte & 805t0n.... 57
Calumet & Hec1a..750
Centennial 164
Franklin 134
Osceola 72V4
Parrot 424
Quincy 130
Ranta Fe Copper.. 54
Tamarack 15$
Utah Mining....... 27»4
Winona 24
Wolverines 40
Sun, Moon and Tide.
In the bid price of raw sugars, thus widening
the gap between the cost of raw and refined
sugars, was an influence. The movement In
these stocks had a sympathetic influence upon
other industrials, and there were general re
coveries from the opening weakness during the
first hour. A p-eriod of dullness and heaviness
succeeded while waiting for the bank state
ment, and upon the publication of that state
ment the market displayed increasing anima
tion and strength until the close, which was
generally at the top and ¦ with net gains In
nearly alt stocks. Part of the buying was on
the principle that when bad news is out a rally
It due. But the return was, in fact, cot so
weak as had been feared. Receipts of cash
from the Interior were larger than anticipated
and the loss in cash correspondingly less. An
other loan expansion, so formidable as 53.C21,-
OW. was apparently viewed with complacency,
as the feeling has grown up In Wall street that
much cf the recent loan expansion will firjj
a quick return to the money market. So long
as call loans are made at 2g24 per cent there
will be no acute alarm over the money mar
ket prtEpects. v
The stock market this week has been torn
ty the conflicting influences of violent con
trary movements in different groups of stocks,
affected by Individual causes. There have
been sharp losses in the departments of indus
trials and so-called specialties, including the
stocks of corporations operating the New
York public utilities, and there have been
notable gains in some railroad stocks, based oa
large earnings reported.
The strength of railroads has at times
checked the fall In the Industrials, and at
other times the tudien breaks in the indus
trials fcave unsettled the whole market and
have been a drag en the movement In the rail
roads. Neither the gains, on the one hand, nor
the losses, on the other, have been fully main
tained, and it is impossible to determine the
dominant tendency of the market or to de
termine how far the apathy of the public de
mand for stocks would be changed if the mar
ket were relieved from the special disturbing
influences. The principal disturbing element
has been Third Avenue, which has sold over
SCi points lower than last Saturday's closing 1
price, and very nearly 200 points lower than [
the highest price of the corresponding period j
of last year. Such a development in a stock
long closely held and regarded as a safe in
vestment security has "an Inevitable effect on
other securities, however peculiar to itself
nsay be the circumstances which* affected it.
There were old rivalries and animosities be
tween bold and powerful speculative interests,
which the misfortunes cf the stock afforded an
opportunity to gratify. The long standing con
flict for centralized control of the New York
1 public utilities was- also iavclved, not only In
the movements of that group but through sym
pathetic connections of other stocks.* •
There has been furious j speculation In the
certificates of the sugar refining company,
based en ambiguous utterances of the presi
dent of the company that he should oppose
the payment of dividends unless the company
earned them. This riddle will not be solved
for the public until after the directors have
acted en the dividend next Wednesday, when
speculators will be able to foot up their gains
or their losses. The lroa and steel stocks have
iiro been a disturbing influence without any
very clear explanation beln? given of tbe large ¦
selling of them. One current but not very j
plausible explanation is that the earnings of I
these companies are proving so large that {
; effective competition is invited and Is being
organized.
The reports cf authorities in the trade, show
ing large consumers- still halting over the
making of future contracts for material, ob
viously with the expectation that prices will
go lower, eeenr.i a more rational explanation.
These disturbing Influences have partly off
set but have not whclly prevented the effect
of the extraordinary earnings reported by
many of the treat railroads /or January. It
Is feared that the prices of material would so
far extend the cost of operation and rer<alrs
en the railroads teat their net earnings would
fall to be benefited by the large Increased
pross earnings. The statements published
during the j week effectually refute this sup
position.
Even where the actual cost of operating has
greatly Increased, the ralto of operating ex
penses to frross is so far reduced as to leave
handsome increases In net earnings. Su Paul
is an exception, owing, it is explained, to ex
traordinary Improvements charged to ex
penses. Taking the most striking examples,
the great Pennsylvania system of lines, dt
rectly operated east and west of Pittsburg, .
gains In January 7J per cent In net earnings
over last year; Atchlson, S5 per cent: Read
ing, a per cent; Erie, 44; Wabash, 42, and
Lfhigh Valley, 143 per cent.
The balance of earnings after deducting the
month's proportion .of fixed charges was In
creased over tenfold by the Cleveland, Cin
cinnati. Chicago and Et. Louis Railway and
172 per cent by Burlington. Wall street's
skepticism over the explanation that the re
cent enormous loan expansions by New York
banks h&s been taken out to meet commer
cial demands has been Justified by tbe news
developments of th* week. Special transac
tions have become known which account for
large loans, notably the anticipatory payments
by the Central Pacific of a J3.000.000 note to the
Government, the taking up by New York
capitalists of a lo&n to a Russian railroad
guaranteed by the Russian Government, said
to amount to 525.000.000, and the proceeds of
which are by the terms cf the lo&n to be ex
pended In this country, and large borrowings
by interior banks for the purchase of Govern
ments bonds, with a view of taking out ad
ditional note circulation under the provisions
of the new refunding law when It Is enacted.
It does not escape notice that even for Feb- j
ruary the national bcr.k note circulation has |
been increased some 82,447, 4 M. The British
successes in South Africa have resulted In
buying of stocks In New York for London ac
count, which, coupled with the urgent foreign
demand for cotton at the high price prevail
ing, has depressed the rate for sterling ex
change co that gold Imports are considered
within measurable distance. These consider
ation* must explain the comparative equanim
ity with which Wall street contemplates the
rapid Inroads r*-Icg made upon the surplus re
serves of the clearing-bouae banks. The mar
ket for railroad bonds ha* shown decreased
movement has been irregular. United States
new 4s advanced -!« and the old 4s and new is
14 per cent In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Ehares . . Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
. 2.100 Atchlson .....;.. 22H
10.1H Atchlson prefd esii
S.4M Baltimore A Ohio Si\
Canadian Pacific ; *«>£ j
200 Canada Southern 49*4 1
200 Chesapeake & Ohio t«4 j
1.870 Chicago Great Western. ..-..•. ;... iji^ |
' 6,610 Chicago Burlington -A Qulncy... 123* i
700 Chicago Ind & Louisville 21%
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 51
-.. Chicago & Eastern Illinois 154
Chicago & Northwestern 158
1.210 Chicago Rock Island &. Pacific .107
C C C & St Louis... 594
42S Colorado Fouthern.... 6
......; Colorado Southern Ist prefd....' 424
230 Colorado Southern 2d prefd... 164
COO JVlaware A Hudson.... 115
... Delaware Lackawanna 4 Western. .lSo4
400 'Denver & Rio Grande .' 194
...... Denver St Rio Grande prefd......... 714
300 Erie • 124
..;....* Erie Met prefd : 37
COO Great Northern prefd..... ...156'
....... Hocklnjr Coal .164
Hocking Valley 354
177 Illinois Central 1124
210 lowa Central :..... ..":..\ 14 *
...."... lowa Central prefd 484
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 124
100 Lake Erie AWe5tern.... .............. 204
...... Lake Erie & Western prefd ..... S3<4
.; Lake Shore 1M
750 Louisville & Nashville.. Sl\
3.235 Manhattan L 944
• 1.775 Metropolitan Street Rai1way.... ...... 168 ¦*
S<2o Mexican Central 11T»
Minn & St Louis.. 614
125 Minn A St Louis prefd S2
2.800 Missouri Pacific... 454
100 Mobile **0hi0.....n".m;;r..". *i\
Missouri Kansas A Texas 10**
100 Missouri Kf'n* & Texas prefd.... S2)t
Charters.
Tfce May nint loads coal at BeattSe for this
port.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings last week were 520.E74.
tr. against 821.287,606 far the same week last
Government Money Here.
Jsllus Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at Saa Frasclsco, reports cash
oe hand February SS aa follows:
Calted Etates notes 829.561 00
Treasury notes cf 1£» M.3OS M
National Bank notes ns (»j
Golfl certificates 170 00
Silver certificates 23^244 00
Gold cola 15,C55.3*2 11
Standard stiver dollars 2L421.057 00
Subeldiary silver coin 544.567 £3
Minor coin 14.557 66
Total , *47.15?.857 63
Shipments cf Silver c*in frera the came office
for the rx:r.th of February were as follows:
Standard silver dollars BSS.OOO 00
Subsidiary silver 71.610 00
Total $13.ei0 00
The Lumber Market.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron for March says:
"The last twenty-eight days have been ex
ce'.ient ones for the Pacific Coast lumber cir
cles ar.S March bids fair to eclipse the record
cf the past one. Redwood receipts have been
numerous ar-d heavy alike from all three north
era counties, and current prices have been
f-rra. with a slight and apparent tendency to
nee. The market conditions amply Justify such
ar. action on the part of the manufacturers, but
the old competitive rale of indiscriminate cut
ting cf prices would Efain take its pernicious
hail on the local San Franrieco commercial
circles. It Is extremely difficult now fcr some
f the dealers ard manufacturers to abstain.
-st from force of previous habit: co perhaps
:: wiJl be Just as well not u> advance the exist-
;r.g price lisis.
"The redwood efclngle is taking up the even.
sssocth-rur.aing course of last year, and East
tra mijnr.ents through Newport Wharf aad
— unii^r Cotr.i^ny at Ana will be heavier
by r.ar.y '.....-ar.;! than la lilfi. Should tbs
H u:r.t« jl-it-Menfi'jciiii County Ehlngle Associa
tion eosas! Into t*!cg, the strongest and most
Leneftcial o'. bodies »;11 rtsuit txsd a unanimity
of purpose will be aeccrr.panied by excellent
rr.&r.a*errier.t ar.S ch&_-ac'.*r'.ftl: energy. Ex
pansion Is the ilogas &r the redwood . shingle
manufacturers, but It Is the development of
the markets of the Eastern Ur.lted States anl
not <j! the lately acquired Islands.
"The shlpmests cf pir-e, spruce and fir were
heavier even fcr crly the twer.ty-e'.ght days of
February than tfcev were la January and prices
are as they ruled In the latter month. There
must be an advance eocn in the lumber cf the
Northwest, If ociy to cover ttM e^-er-recurring
rise in fr^irht rate*, for the go; 2 excitement
cf Cape Nome and other extreme northern lo
calities will insure a raiiv^ar scarcity of avail
able coastwise lumber tor.n&ce.
"There i« a strong call ior reiw»i !an3s and
cumerous Eastern lumbermen are in this State
quietly Inspecting timber !acd poes'.blHtles.
The Calaveras Gnrve sale Is assurti. aithouch
the F*aeral Government xr.ay save the- pre
serve by purchasing It at a premium oa th»
bended tICO.OOO eelliag price, which is certain
to ivsld.
""The coast and State lumber export trade Is
healthy ar.3 heavy shipments win be the rule
If the necessary deep-water vesse'.s can b» se
cured. Eareka Is holding its own so fsr this
season and the next few months win find the
whole coast extremely active In this most re
m-uceratlve of all departments of the lumber
trade activities.**
Weather Report.
C29th Meridian— Pacific Ttae.)
6AX FRANCISCO. March *-« p. m.
Tt» following are the seasonal rainfalls to
Cut*, v cx-r-ra."*- with those of the came date
la*t •«*.*:>=, »a 4 raiaiaUs In last twenty-fcrar
hourt: Last 14 Th!« L«urt
?•••"-»— houra. eeascn. seas&n.
E^crameisto f.!| 14.3 7.M
btOepesAeoc* «•» ,»JJ J-J5
Fan ill. OWipo O.M «-g •¦%>
rf-t •-«» °" 5 1U
6aa rriacl»co data: ilaxiinam temperature.
ET derrees; mlalnmai. «; mean, ti
WEATHER CONDITIONS 'AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tb« rreeetire has risen steadily over cearly
ali icf the^ountry west of the Rocky Mountains.
Th« "depression over Oregon and
wi'l r>robtbly move elowly southeastward.
Cloudy weather with rain Is reported from
near:/ every poSct north cf tbe Tehachapi.
t-fcowers have also occurred at Loe Angeles,
and conditions art favorable for mere showers
in that section Sunday.
The temperature has fallen 10 degrees at Eae
raffiVnto a£j » degrees at Carson City, and
htravy enow Is rex>orted In tbe Sierras.
The followlrg tnaxlrnum wind velociUes are
reported: Portland. 26 miles an hour, from the
*outh; Bc'.£«. 26. southwest ; Winnemucca^ M.
•cutfcwe**; Independence, :«, wes»; t^ea LUiS
°Fo?fcaet' irjLd* at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours eni.ng mldr.tght March 4:
Frr Northern California— Cloudy, unsettled
weather Sunday, with rain; fresh «outher!y
wlnfl* fclgh Boutbearterly winds on the coast
north 'of ban Francisco. •
For Southern California— Cloudy, unsetUed
weather Eundajr. with ahowcrs; fresh southeast
erly winds. _
For Nevada— Rala cr snew Sunday.
For Utah— Rain, turslng to snow, Sunday;
Arizcsia— Clondr Sunday, with occasional
For San Francisco and vicinity— Unsettled
weather Sunday, with showers; brisk southerly
winds. ... .
Southeast storm signals are displayed along
the eoart north of Point Reyes. High southerly
Vtsfl*. are blowing frcna Point Conception north.
and a heavy southwest sea will probably pre
vail Sunday and Monday.
Eattbound travelers are warned to expect
csow by the central and northern routes, with
i cw tenjDeratures cart of the Rocky Mountains.
'" ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Exchange and Bullion,
Sterling Fxchange, sixty days.... — 84 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 E8
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, eight — , 174
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 20
Fld« Silver, per ounce — B9H
Mexican Dollars 48% —
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Marie takes for Cork 17.04J
ctls. valued at 565.500; Merioneth, for Cork,
48.745 ctls. at 856.679.-
Exports from this port in February wer«
I,CM3,S;e ctls, valued at X1.0*t,9t3. making total
exports thus far this crop year of 3.550.573 ctla,
valued at J3.591.915.
Chicago was firmer on better foreign advice*.
Paris was higher and Beerbohm reported sever*
frosts in France which caused renewed anxie
ty. Subsequently the market weakened on
world's shipments of 8,000,000 bushels and a
large Increase on passage. There was a good
cash demand, but the bears resold.
The ¦ local market - was dull ¦ and not mate
lally changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, XQTVAc; milling.
9S*,cStl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— May— loOo ctls »7}{c: MOO,
87Hc; 2000, 874 c; SOOO, 97?ic: 10,000 S7?»e. De
cember-14,000. SI 044: 2000. SI C4H-
Second Session— December— 2ooo Ctls, SI 05H.
May— l«.OoO. 97T4c: 4000, 97% a.
Regular Morning Session— December — 1000 ctls,
81044. May-4000. 97*ic: 14.000. »7%c.
BARLEY— The market continues fiat and un
changed
Feed. 7537740 for No. 1 and «5ff7240 for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, SOSS74c;
Chevalier, nominal.
Call board sales.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS'— Sales are now fair at firm and un
changed quotations.
White. 81-1981 30;; Red. 95c8U 174: Gray,
81 07401 154; Black, 9Sc€Bl 05.
CORN— Mixed Is firmer. Other descriptions
are unchanged. Eastern White Is quoted at »5c
per ctl and Eastern Yellow at 8181024: mixed,
|l€l 05 per ctl.
RYE— 974c<&» C 24 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, S3 60©3 75;
usual terms: bakers' extras. S3 4083 50; Oregon
and Washington, S2 75Q3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. S3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 82 75; Rye
Meal. S2 60; ¦ Rice Flour, 87; Corn Meal, S2 50;
Oat Groats S4 50; Hominy. $3 2533 50; Buck
wheat Flour. *4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. S3 75;
Carina S4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. 13 501
Rolled Oats (barrels). J6#7 25; in sacks. S5 75©
7i Pearl l Barley. So; Split Peas. S3; Green Peas,
S3 60 per 100 lbs. '
II a\ and Feedstuffs. %
Hay was weak again under liberal receipts
and the rainy weather. Feedstuffs were un
changed,
i BRAN-512512 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-me?) per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. 815817 .per
ton- oncake Meal at the mIU. 826827; Jobbing.
tSrIMHS- Cocoanut Cake. S»<S!1; Corn Meal.
J^Q"3 50 : Cracked Corn. 823 50£24; Mixed Feed,
$15 60- Co'ttcnseed Meal. $23 per ton.
'niV — Wheat, S«B* for common to good;
.a 56 for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and
Oati SsW>®9; Oat. SSSS; Barley, SSB7; Alfalfa.
*CS7 50 P«r ton. - >
bTRAW-25e40c per bale/
Beans and Seeds.
There Is nothing ralng on to change quota
tions one way or the other.
BEANS— Bayos. S3 25€J 35: small White, S3 20
£3 35- large White, tt 9083 10: Pinks, S2 508
I S5- ' Red«. «M: Blackeye. 84 50; Butters^
nominal; Lima. J» 1585 25; Pea. 83 20g3 40; Red
KWncy« S3 5084.
SFEDS- Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4H3*!;c} Flax, SI 90@2 20; Canary,
'He terlb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. ' S«lOc: Rape, 2HB3c; Hemp, 4844 c;
T DRIED PEAS-Nlles. tl 60^1 W; Green. 81 ?
Qt 50 per ctL - ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are dull, weak and unchanged. On
ions are steady, with moderate supplies.
Vegetables show little change, supplies being
ample for all ceeds.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 75855 c; River Reds.
7;s«Cc" Burbanks. 40Q65c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. CScgU: Eweet Potatoes. SI 25 for
River and J2 for Merced; New Potatoes, 249
214 c
ONIONS— Oregocs, 81 75g2 per ctl; Nevadas,
S2g2 25.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers. 750 per
dozen; Rhubarb. Eo7e per lb; . Aspararus, «
ei4c; Green Peas. 3@sc per lb; String Beans,
10c; Cabbage, 40g50c; Los Angeles Toma
toes, 50cft$l; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 8®
l!»Ac: Drie3 Okra. 124 c per lb: Garlfc. 24@34c:
Green Peppers from Los Angeles, SgiOc: Dried
Peppers, EglOc; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Los
Angeles Summer Squash, SI per box; Marrow
fat Squash. 113 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Five cars of Eastern are announced for th«
next three days. The market Is cleaned up of
stock.
The little Gam« comlr.g In Is steady.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lOfitllc for Gobblers
anJ 13ffl4c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. 12g14c;
Geese, . per pair, Jl 75@2; Goslings, 82 50@3;
Ducks. J4;js for old and {485 tor young: Hens.
$4 SG@SS £0; Young Roosters, 86; Old Roost
ers, $4 6Cg5; Fryers. 85 50@6; Broilers, Jii:6 50
tor large and S3 5084 50 for small: Pigeons.
81 25@1 50 per dozen for old and 8282 50 for
GAME— Hare. SI 25; Rabbits. 81 50® 1 75; Gray
Geese. S2 50; White. 81; Brant. 5125®175;
Hor.kers, S3 5084 per dozen." : . '•'V
Butter, Eggs and Cheese.
Supplies of ' Butter. Cheese and Eggs are
large, / and receipts of the latter are heavy.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
BUTTER- _, ?
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 21c; seconds, 13
€20c .^
Dairy— Fancy, 18#lS4c; good to choic«. 1649
174 c: common, nominal.
CHEESE-Choice mild new. »c: oli J4c;
Young America, S4SlOc; Eastern. 154©1« c:
Western. 134615 c per lb. „ '
EGGS— Quoted at Ilgl2c.for store and 1248
134 c per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Stocks of Oranges are liberal, and the market
Is quiet, though fine large Navels meet with a
good demand. . Lemons are plentiful and inact
ive. The steamer with Mexican Lime* Is ex
pected to-morrow. -
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—SO37Sc per box for common, SscB
tl 25 for good, to choice, and Si 50gl 75 for
fancy. r.*gik»fl»»Wi»wg*^nßiSfljß3M|tg]Mlj#**jfe**
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. 81 5082 50
per box; Seedlings. 75c€tt 50; Pomelos, 75c3
82 (0; Lemons; $I^l SO for common and 523! 50
for good to choice: Mexican Limes, nominal;
California Limes, - 50@75c; Bananas, |l 2552 50
per bunch.-Plneapples, $3 50g4 per doien.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Stagnation - still prevails, * and quotations run
along Vbout the same.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. 4*W4c for
40-sffs. S4@3Xc , for 50-60" s. »»4©3%c for 60-7Cs.
SUe for 70-SO*s. 3c. for SO-MTs and' 2Kc for tO
100's: Apricots. 116124 c for Royals. 124315 c for
Moorparks, ¦- and 129134 c • for Blenheims;
Peaches, * S4S€c - for Standards, ' 64g64ic -> for
choice and 7®Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches, lOtf
124 c; Evaporated Apples, 6@"c; Sun-dried. IQ
B4c per lb; Nectarines,- 889 c; Pears. 14©44 c
for dark - and "Qic ; for - bright halves; Black
Figs, 2g24c: White Figs, s 2g3c; ; Bleached
Plums,- SSSc: unbleached .Plums, 7874 c for
pitted and and 14c for unpitted. "."'¦ '¦ ¦¦¦ ?
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancr, • per
lb. 10c; choice. 9c; standard, Sc; prime. 6c; un
bleached .Thompson's, per lb.'i Sc. ' j Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. 84c: choice. 74c: standard. 64c;
prime, i Sc: i unbleached , Sultanas. sc: Seedless,
M-lb boxes. 6c; 3-crown. locae muscatels. 54c;
S-crown, - W4c; 4-crown, *¦ 7c; -¦ London Layers,
2-crown. ; SI It per : box : J-crown." $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, S2;;Dehesa, S2 50;»- Injperial. S3- - All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
¦a NUTS— Chestnuts. SO9e; Walnuts. ; $®»c for
standards - and ' 9@loc - for softshell ; . Almonds.
114912 c for paper shell. 9©loc for soft and 49
So for hardshell; Peanuts. 6%9<%c for Eastern
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
and Be for California: Brazil Nuts. 7455 c: Fil
berts. UfflSHc; Pecacs. llffUc; Cocoannta,
84 60«5.
HONEY— Comb, U4®l2c for bright and 1049
He for light amber; - water white extracted.
T^c: light amber extracted. 7%{174c; dark,
5H6«c ocr lb. . -
BEESWAX— U&Uc per lb.
Provisions.
Dealers are complaining of the dullness of the
market. Prices, however, are maintained.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9*e per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium. Us for light. 12s
for extra light 'and 134 c for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 138134 c; California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef, Sl2 per bbl; extra
Mess. 113; Family. 814; extra Prime Pork. 814 53;
extra clear. $17; Mess. Hi: smcked Beef. Uc
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at tK97e per lb for
compound and Sc for pure: half-barrels, pure.
S*«c; 10-lb tins, B%c; S-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 77»@*Hc per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9sic
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides are demoralized at the decline already
noted, and stocks are accumulatlnc
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs asd brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers.
ISHSIIc; Medium. $4@loc; light. »4«Jl5c; Cow
hides. 9Hc; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, »v,c; Caif.
>H9lo=; Dry Hides, sound. 15c: culls and
brands. Isgi6c; Dry Kip and Veal. 17c: Dry
Calf, 19G2Cc; Sheepskins, yearlings, 15530 c
each; short Wool. Ss@6oc each; medium. ?9<?»0c:
long Wool. 1131 25 each: Horse Hides. J2 25®
275 for large and 75c© SI 73 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5©54 c per lb; No.
I. 4544 c; refined, t%c; greaw. 243Jc.
WOOL— ; •
Fall dip. Ban Jcaquln plains, 3gi3c: South
ern. ?S10c: Middle County. 11813 c: Husiboldt
and Mendoelno, 17820 c: Eastern Oregon. 139
16c: Valley Oregon. lS$IOc: Northern Mountain.
free. Ilgl4c; Northern Mountain, defective. 109
lie Der lb. ,•.--
HOPS— 7BUc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
All descriptions are unchanged, and supplies
re sufficient.
BEEF — 6^«@7c par lb for fair to choice.
VEAL-*C9Hc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. SffSHc; ewes, Ttfe per lh.
LAMB— Spring. 19c per lb.
PORK— Live Hcgs, 6c for small and medium
and tSSi^c for large: stock Hogs and feed
ers. Migskc; dressed Hogs, 7SSHo.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, S5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6US«%c: Wool Bags. 25»4332Hc;
Fleece Twine, 7Hc. 3-' : V-'>-2
COAL— Wellington, (8 per ton; new Welling
ton, S3; Southfield Wellington, S7 50; Seattle,
S6 50; Bryant, S6 50; Coos Bay, S5 50 ;' Wallsend,
SS; Co-operative Wallsend, S3; Scotch, — ; Cum
berland, in bulk and J l3 50 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. Sl3; Cannel, SU p«r
ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and 117 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In ijC-li, bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5Hc; Pow
dered, 5»»c: Candy Granulated, 6\c; Dry Gran
ulated, 5Hc; Confectioners' A. 51»c: Magnolia
A, 4fcc; Extra C 4Hc; Golden C. 4&c; barrels.
1-lfio more: half -barrels. i»c more; boxes,
more; 50-1 b bags. He more. No orders taken for
less than 7i barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 6T»c; boxes. 6Hc per Ib.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, MARCH I.
Flcur, qr sks ... IS.IOO Mustard, glu .... 87
Wheat, ctls 233.707 Brandy, gals .... 8,000
Barley, ctls ..... 12.450 Wine, gals 43,000
Oats. Or. ct15..... SSOjPelts, bdls 41
Oats. ctU 7lolHldes. no 83
Corn, East. ctls.. I.2oo i Leather, rolls ... W
Rye, ctU 700; Paper, reams .... 509
Cheese, ctls 67|LJme. bbls 2IS
Butter, ctls 433 {Straw, tons 15
Tallow, ctls 10. Hay, tons 451
Potatoes, sks .V. 1650 Quicksilver, OsZs 233
Onions, sks ...... 25jHops, bales 4)
Bran, sks 1.500 Eggs, doz 30,350
Middlings, sks .. 415 1
tures, steady; March, Et 9*id; Hay, 5s t*i&:
July, Ss B>4d.
-CORN— Spot, firm: American mixed new. Is
S*d; old, 3s Slii. Futures, dull; ' May, U %d:
July, 3s 7Hd. . -
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coaat). duU, £3
Es9£3 15s. .
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. March I.— Clearings. 5257,
(33; balances, 150,565.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON..
PORTLAND. March 3.— Wheat — Weaker;
Walla Walla, E2#534c; valley. sig«o; blue
etem, 54c. i
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, March J.— Wheat— Quiet and un
changed; bluestem. 83c; dub, 51c; both for ex
port. ¦
Continued on Page Thirty.
EASTERN MARKETS.
London Wool Sales.
-LONDON, March t.— Tn« arrival* of wool for
the third ': series of wool auction [ sale* ' •ched
uled „. to open ;on ¦ May Bth amount , to 25,559
bale*. ¦ . •- ; :' ¦• - . .
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March I— Consols, 100»4@100H- Sll-
Yer. 87% d. ; French -. Rentes, • 102f 25ceiO2f : 30c
Wheat' cargoes . : off coast,' nothing .: doing; 'car
goes |on passage, ¦ buyers indifferent I operators;
cargoes, No." 1 Standard California, 23s 3d; Eng
lish country markets,: weak; • •- • : ¦
: LIVERPOOL,^ March B.— WHEAT— Firm;
wheat In Parts, strong; .flour In Paris, strong;
French country markets, weak. " \" " ¦ - ;•
- COTTON— Uplands. 5 15-121. . - ~:* ¦
CLOSING.
- WHEAT— 6pot. firm; No.* I rsd Western win
ter. ¦ «c; No. ¦ 1 Northern erring, 6a U%d. Fu-
Associated Banks' Statement.
TO SAIL.
NEW YORK, March I.— The New York Fin
ancier fays this week: A decrease of {6,037,000
In the surplus reserve of the clearing-house
banks of New York City for the current week
has reduced the excess cash holdinjrs to J13.641,-
KO, a shrinkage of more than $17,000,000 In one
month. The feature of the statement ' is the
continued rise In loans. The Increase for the
week In that Item has been IS, 621.000. : One
month ago the total was -455, C00. 000 lower than
now reported. This exceeds last year's record
very materially, although tne Incentive which
brought about the - IE9S . expansion Is lacking
now. The explanation for the rapid increase
In loan commitments lies In the heavy volume
of - commercial business which* the country Is
doing. .Lately there. has appeared another fac
tor — the absorption of Government bonds by
banks— and > this accounts in part for the con
tinued addition to the ' loan item. Th« banks
are etlll losing cash to the treasury. The state
ment reveals a decrease of 54, &07.000 In specie.
5767.400 for the week; This Is a little less than
had been expected, as the treasury had drawn
more than that during the week. The Inference
Is that the banks rained, rather than lost, on
Interior account.. The Increase of 53.050.400 In
deposits was much below the average . expan
sion over the past few weeks, and requirements
for additional reserve were not as heavy as has
been the case from week to week since the be
ginning of February. As It Is. the lessened ex
cess reserve for the past six days Is due almost
entirely to loss of cash from . banks, the de
posit Increase being responsible for only three
quarters of a million cf the total. Viewed as
a whole the exhibit of the banks is not aa un
favorable as had been anticipated, but it cer
tainly favors the prediction that money ratea
are now about as low as they will be for some
weeks to come. The money market in the Im
mediate future will be governed largely by the
amount which the banks will lose to the treas
ury, and the passage of the refunding bill may
also complicate matters temporarily. , The banks
are still adding to their circulation and the to
tal !¦ now in excess of ' any amount reported
during the last year.
London I Market.
NEW YORK. March !.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser* s i London ; financial ; cablegram V says:
."The markets here were lethargic and heavy
to-day on . the unexpected earnings of the bud-
get statement. " Consols : were 1-16 - down and
heavy. -Fresh taxation -'¦ is » apprehended - on
beer and , tobacco.. Americans :.were depressed
on fears of the bank statement. • There was
no gold movement. . Call money : was _« In j. less
demand, and bills were steady."
CLO6INO.
Canadian Pacific, 100*4 : ; Union Pacific pre
ferred, (A; Northern Pacific ~ preferred, TgH:
SUNDAY. MARCH 4.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 8— - .- -" ¦•¦••¦
March 64tf 64% 64*4 64;,
May 65Vi 66», «s*» C 6
July 66% 67 66^4 67
Corn No. 2— •
March 33H
May Si"i 34T& 844 3*H
July S4'g 34! 8 34h ZiS
September 33% 33-; S3 SiH
Oats No. 2— . • ".-
May 23H 23H 23H 23V»
July £2^4 22Si 22% 22«4
' Mess Pork, per barrel — ...
May .-Iff «2H" 10 70 "10 60 10 65
July '..10 70 19 75 10 67^4 10 70
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May ..BST^ S9O E SV£ 8 87^
July... BS7H 6.00 695 5 97ii
Short Rlbfl, per 100 pounds— ,
May BSS 5 574 8 ?24 685
July 8 S7H 690 885 5 87H
LOCAL MARKETS.
Silver and financial quotations unchanged.
Bank clearings sltow a slight loss from last year.
Gcod trading in local securities. '
Lumber trade in satisfactory condition.
Wheat end Barley about as before.
Oats and mixed Corn firm. Rye remains dull.
Hay weak under lar%e receipts and the rain.
Nothing doing in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes xveak and dull. Onions steady.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese in liberal supply and weak.
Poultry market cleaned up. Game nominal.
Oranges in fair supply and unchanged.
Lemons quiet and easy. Fresh Limes expected to-morrow.
Dried Fruit neglected and nominal.
Provisions very dull at the old prices.
Hides weak, with accumulating stocks.
Meat market as previously quoted.
AUCTION SALES
NEW YORK, March B.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18,719 barrels; exports, 87.245 barrels;' market
quieter, but firm. Minnesota patents," S3 70®
3 SO; Minnesota bakers'. Si 90g3 05 ;. winter pat
ents, S3 60*?3 65; winter straights, S3 40@3 60;
winter extras, S2 60S* W; .winter low grades,
tJ 2532 40, '
WHEAT— Receipts, 41, 600 bushels;, exports,
76,428 bushels. Spot— Strong; No. 3 red 73% c el
evator, 74^c f. o. b. afloat In store. Options
opened firm on hleher cables, and with an en
ergetic demand from shorts attained positive
strength later In the day.- Damage reports from
France exerted considerable Influence. The
market closed strong at %3lc net advance.
March 73*i®744c. closed 74Uc; May 71T4372«4c.
closed 72Vc; July closed 72Hc; September closed
72«ic ' ¦ /
HOPS— Quiet. State, common to choice, 1596
crop 6c; ISSS crop, 789 c: 1*39 crop, 12313 c. Pa
cific Coast, 1536 crop, 4©« c; 1898 crop, 7g9c; ISSS
crop, 125 13 c ¦ .
HIDES — Firm. Galveston, 20 to- 25 pounds,
194 c; California, 21 to 25 pounds, :iV*c; Texas
dry. 24 to 30 pounds. 15c.
WOOL — Steady. Domestic fleece, 23318 c;
Texas, 15glSc. - •
COFFEE— Options closed steady at SSIO
points net advance. Total sales. 83,250 bags,
including: May. $6 68; July, S6 65; August,
J6 70; September. J5 Tog 6 S3: October, S6 SO; De
cember, $5 SSS7. Spot Coffee— Rio, steady- No.
7 Invoice,- nominal. 1 3-16 c;: No. 7 Jabbing,
8 11-15 c. Mild— Quiet; Cordova, 8%®14c.
SUGAR— Raw, barely steady; -Refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts,- 1702 packages; market
strong. June creamery. 15323 c; Western cream
en*. 20@25c; factory, }7©l9c.
EGGS — Receipts, 73SS packages; market
steady. Weetem at mark, 16316>4c; Southern
at mark, 15316 c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. March S.— The market for eva
porated applet ruled quiet, without material
change In price*; country advices about as ex
pected.
California dried' fruits were dull and quiet.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
sg6c
PRIME DRIED PRUNES— B437c per pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ISSISc; Moorpoxk. 15®
ISc ¦
PEACHES— PeeIed. lS£22c; unpeeled. 74_-|.
Chicago Grain Market.-
CHICAGO, March B.— ln the wheat pit bull
ish feellwr was awakened early by the firm
ness of Liverpool and further encouraged jby
the strength of Paris and reports of a severe
frost in France. There was considerable pes
semlstlc talk concerning domestic crop dam
ages. The report of Statistician Snow making
farmers' holdings of wheat 40.000.C00 bushels
less than a year ago was also an Incentive to
buyers, who in some instances overlooked the
fact that, last year excepted, the quantity now
In reserve Is the largest since 1594. With this
encouragement and. backed by reports of 3)0,
000 bushels cash business done here yesterday
ehorts hurried to cover. Foreigners and the
Northwest were also buyers here and the trade
generally became animated. May opened a
shade up at EiHgSohCt touched 65Hc, and then
rallied to 65T4566C. The bulge was met by
profit-takings sales, which caused a break to
654 c, but , the market rallied ' quickly. May
ascended to Ce^t'cUc, and closed strong-, 40 to
He over yesterday at 65T4§65c.
Corn was heavy. Country offerings were a
bit freer from some sections. The estimate of
Statistician Snow making reserves of corn 151,-
OuO.ooo bushels over last year had a depressing
effect. Longs liquidated throughout the ses
sion. May closed weak, He to Uc lower at 344
631HC.
Oats were barely steady, the weakness of
corn having a depressing effect. The market
to-day was a small one. Cash oats have lm
rroved %c to He over May this week. May
closed unchanred at 23?j5134c.
Provisions enjoyed a j fair trade and held
steady. The corn weakness was felt somewhat,
but as packers were fair buyers and offerings
were not large the price did not suffer. May
pork closed 5c up. May lard unchanged and May
ribs a shade hlcher. ¦ .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Atenlson. 234: Grand Trunk, 8%; Anaconda,
»; Rands, MH- __?
Bar silver. steady. 2Ttta P«r ounct.
THE SAST FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1900.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
New York Grain and Produce.
AUCTION!
AUCTiON! AUCTION!
TVEDXESDAT.
WEDNESDAY .*. MARCH TTH
BY CATALOGUE.
At 11 O'clock A. M.. on Premlsea.
516-518 WASHINGTON STREET.
BOARD OF HEALTH DEP*T.
Sir: A proper fumigation having been mad*
of th» quartermasters" surrlles, tents, ttc at
51S Washington st., you ar* at liberty to pro-
ceed with the sale. A. P. O'BRIEN.
Health Officer.
GOVERNMENT SALE!
Sale consisting of 2000 Tents: «X» Curtains
and Nets; 60G0 Duck and Drill Mattress Covers:
ICCO Sleeping Bags: 6500 Pillows; 4000 Shelter
Tents; 500 German Silver Band Instruments.
Bass and Snare Drums: 100 Filters; 500 Galvan-
ized Water Buckets: 500 Assorted Shovels, etc
Contractors. Klondikers. resort-keepers, camp-
ers, hotels, steamboats, sailmakers. tent and
awning makers, attention called to this sale.
NEW YORK AfCTTON CO.. Auctioneers.
ro Chollar ........ 29<
250 Chollar 2J!
200 Crown Point... 15J
500 Crown Point... 14
tOO Justice C 3
SCO Savaga 14
COO Savage IS
?Y> Sierra Nevada. S3
SOO Yeilaw Jacket. . ti
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. March S, U m.
Bid. Ask.
Alpha S3 04
Al:a H i;
Andes 13 U
Belcher IS 23
Best A Belcher 31 3»
Bullion — 05
Caledoola\ 30 —
Chollar 23 SO
Challenge Con. 23 27
Conadence Si 83
Con Cal A .Va.l 45 1 50
Con Imperial... — 02
Con New York. — 04
Crown Point.. .. IS 1$
Exchequer C 2 04
Gould A Curry. IS IS
Hale A Norcrs. 33 S4
Julia — Cl
Justice 07 OS
BMAsk.
Kentuck 03 03
Lady Wash.... « —
Mexican 14 25
Occidental 15 17
Ophlr 6S SJ
Overman — It 27
Potoei *t> II
S-'avag* 14 M
Scorpion — C 3
Seg Belcher W C 2
Sierra Nevada. SJ S3
Silver Hill W tS
St Louis C* —
Standard I 75 t SO
Syndicate, C 5 —
Union Coa ..... 24 23
Utah €3 19
TeUow Jacket.. 19 20
Time Ball.
Branca Hydrographie Office, IT. S. X., Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal,.
March S, 1900. ¦
The time ball on the tower of the new Fsrry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-iay—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKIN 3.
Lieutenant Commander. V. 5. X.. In charge.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hls'n and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Baa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
On the Produce- Exchange to-day the butter
market vu strong: creamery, lS£T24e; dairy.'
Kg 21c Cheese, : firm: 12QlJc. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 16c
PARIS.
31
Son rises .'.... «:3*
Sun sets t:oa
Moon s«ts ....19:29 p. in.
5 Time Time I ITlmel |Tla»
2. Ft. ! Ft. Tl. I— — Ft.
? H W L, W! JH W W[ ,
4 ... 1:11 5.7 7:!3 «i! tilt *.»\ 7:« I.J
5 ... 1:S1 5.7 B^S 0.4 i J:i; 4.S t:<T. 1.l
• ... »J7i 8.7 »:33 0.4 4:29 4.91 9:CO 2.»
7 ... S:iS| B.SJ 10: C 0.4 l:O i.»\ 10:U 1.1
S ... 4:S5f 5.J! 11:35 0.4 7:06f *».S U:3B *.J
9 ... 5:35 4.1! 12:S» 0.4 8:0«! 4.2
L W H W [L. ¦«¦! H W
13 ... 0:59 I.J I:4S «.« 1:34 O.S 3:55 4.4
Steamer.
From.
1 Dna.
Lear.der iKotchlnctxa liar. 4
Pomona (San Diwro .... Mar. ?
E. Thompson.. -jOyster Harbor Mar. 4
Strathsyle [China and Japan...... — Mar. 4
Empir« ;Coo« Bay Mar. 4
Crescent City.. -Crescent City — Mar. 6
Acapulco 'Panama Mar. 5
Hathor (Europe Mar. 6
A Blanchard.. Ccos Bay Max. »
Cxarlna • Puyet Sound.... — Mar. »
Portland .......[Oyster Harbor (Mar. S
South Portland. Oyster Harbor ... Mar. ¦
Coos Bay Newport .'. Mar. *
Portland Mar. •
Aberdeen Pnset Sound — Mar. •
Senator .... Seattle .". Mar. «
Samoa. Humbcldt ~ Mar. 7
Saa Jos* Acapuleo _. Mar. 1
Corona San Diego Mar. 8
City of Puebla Victoria A Puset Sound Mar. I
Point Arena (Point Arena Mar. S
Arcata ! Coos Bay _. Mar. 1
Orliaba jHumboldt Mar. >
Mariposa ...... Sydney \ Mar. 9
Bristol Oyster Harb0r........ — Mar. »
Bonita Newport. ~ Mar. »
Homer Portland Mar. 10
Newport Panama _: Mar. 13
State of Cal Portland —.. Mar. 11
Newtmnr ...... Grays Harbor Mar.U
North Fork Humbotdt. — Mar. 11
Gaelic — China, and' Japar. Mar.U
Geo "W. Klder. Portland Mar. H
Steamer.- { DeaUnatlon. j
Sal^.
I Pltr.
1
Bonita .... | San Pedro Mar. 4. » am'Plw 11
State of Call Portland (Mar. 4. l&amsPUrM
Orizaba ...JHumboldt.....|Mar. 5. I pmlPler »
Gr Dollar.. (Grays Harbor Mar. 5. 4pm
Aloha Crescent City. Mar. S, Ipm Pier I
Pomona ... San Dleso Mar. 6. U am; Pier U
North Fork'Humboldt Mar» «. 9 am! Pier t
Am Mam. 'China* Japan Mar/ 7. 1 pm!PMSB
Waila Wall Vie & Pgt 3d. Mar. T. 13 am'.Pler »
Australia -IHonolulu Mar. 7. 2 pm>P!«r T
San Pedro.. lHumboMt Mar. T. 4 pm)Pl«- 13
A. Blanch'd Cooe Bay Mar. ".. Bpm Pier 11
Curacao ...Mexico Mar. 8. 10 am Pier U
Coos Bay ..[Newport. Mar. S. » amPler 11
Sa^oir.....JHumboldt Mar. ». K>am;Pl«-U
G.VT. Elder; Portland Mar. ». 19 a^PSer U
Corona San Diego. — Mar. 10. 11 am Pier 11
Acapulco .. Panasa Mar. 10. 12 nPMS3
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 15. : pxa Pier t
An»ta ..... COO 9 Bay .<Mar. Mi 3pm Pier U
l^ander :.. Port Anhnr..tMar. 1! £~**"S
City Puebla'vie Sc Pgt Sd.iMar. 12. 13 aalPler »
Steamer.- { DeaUnatlon. j
Sal^.
I Pltr.
1
Bonita .... | San Pedro Mar. 4. » am'Plw 11
State of Call Portland (Mar. 4. l&amsPUrM
Orizaba ...JHumboldt.....|Mar. 5. I pmlPler »
Gr Dollar.. (Grays Harbor Mar. 5. 4pm
Aloha Crescent City. Mar. S, Ipm Pier I
Pomona ... San Dleso Mar. 6. U am; Pier U
North Fork'Humboldt Mar» «. 9 am! Pier t
Am Mam. 'China* Japan Mar/ 7. 1 pm!PMSB
Waila Wall Vie & Pgt 3d. Mar. T. 13 am'.Pler »
Australia -IHonolulu Mar. 7. 2 pm>P!«r T
San Pedro.. lHumboMt Mar. T. 4 pm)Pl«- 13
A. Blanch'd Cooe Bay Mar. ".. Bpm Pier 11
Curacao ...Mexico Mar. 8. 10 am Pier U
Coos Bay ..[Newport. Mar. S. » amPler 11
Sa^oir.....JHumboldt Mar. ». K>am;Pl«-U
G.VT. Elder; Portland Mar. ». 19 a^PSer U
Corona San Diego. — Mar. 10. 11 am Pier 11
Acapulco .. Panasa Mar. 10. 12 nPMS3
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 15. : pxa Pier t
An»ta ..... COO 9 Bay .<Mar. Mi 3pm Pier U
l^ander :.. Port Anhnr..tMar. 1! £~**"S
City Puebla'vie Sc Pgt Sd.iMar. 12. 13 aalPler »
Steamer.
From.
1 Dna.
Lear.der iKotchlnctxa liar. 4
Pomona (San Diwro .... Mar. ?
E. Thompson.. -jOyster Harbor Mar. 4
Strathsyle [China and Japan...... — Mar. 4
Empir« ;Coo« Bay Mar. 4
Crescent City.. -Crescent City — Mar. 6
Acapulco 'Panama Mar. 5
Hathor (Europe Mar. 6
A Blanchard.. Ccos Bay Max. »
Cxarlna • Puyet Sound.... — Mar. »
Portland .......[Oyster Harbor (Mar. S
South Portland. Oyster Harbor ... Mar. ¦
Coos Bay Newport .'. Mar. *
Portland Mar. •
Aberdeen Pnset Sound — Mar. •
Senator .... Seattle .". Mar. «
Samoa. Humbcldt ~ Mar. 7
Saa Jos* Acapuleo _. Mar. 1
Corona San Diego Mar. 8
City of Puebla Victoria A Puset Sound Mar. I
Point Arena (Point Arena Mar. S
Arcata ! Coos Bay _. Mar. 1
Orliaba jHumboldt Mar. >
Mariposa ...... Sydney \ Mar. 9
Bristol Oyster Harb0r........ — Mar. »
Bonita Newport. ~ Mar. »
Homer Portland Mar. 10
Newport Panama _: Mar. 13
State of Cal Portland —.. Mar. 11
Newtmnr ...... Grays Harbor Mar.U
North Fork Humbotdt. — Mar. 11
Gaelic — China, and' Japar. Mar.U
Geo "W. Klder. Portland Mar. H
Son rises .'.... «:3*
Sun sets t:oa
Moon s«ts ....19:29 p. in.
5 Time Time I ITlmel |Tla»
2. Ft. ! Ft. Tl. I— — Ft.
? H W L, W! JH W W[ ,
4 ... 1:11 5.7 7:!3 «i! tilt *.»\ 7:« I.J
5 ... 1:S1 5.7 B^S 0.4 i J:i; 4.S t:<T. 1.l
• ... »J7i 8.7 »:33 0.4 4:29 4.91 9:CO 2.»
7 ... S:iS| B.SJ 10: C 0.4 l:O i.»\ 10:U 1.1
S ... 4:S5f 5.J! 11:35 0.4 7:06f *».S U:3B *.J
9 ... 5:35 4.1! 12:S» 0.4 8:0«! 4.2
L W H W [L. ¦«¦! H W
13 ... 0:59 I.J I:4S «.« 1:34 O.S 3:55 4.4Common > whisky Is t curse— the Old
Government Is a blessing. *
Every lady,loves a Vlove of a bonnet."
See 800 elegantly displayed next Friday
and Saturday ¦ at "Keith's," 808 Market
street, Phelan building. •
DE LA MONTANYA LEFT
AN IMMENSE ESTATE
Appraisers Appointed by the Court
Find It to Be Worth Over a
Million.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late James de la Montanya
was nied yesterday, t M. M. Getz, John H.
Hendy and John A. Western, the ap
praisers, find the value of the estate to be
$1,079,870 03.
The largest items on the Inventory fol
low: Aggregate amounts due estate from
creditors, $76,429 85; personal property,
goods and .wares in decedent's stores at
214 Jackson street and 606 Battery street,
$252,366 99; promissory note by James R.
Kelly, $7500; thirty shares stock of Bank
of North America, $6750; 200 shares San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company,
$10,300; 303 shares the Giant Powder Com
pany, $28,785; lot of land on the southeast
corner of Washington and Drumm streets,
valued at $130,000; lot of land on the north
erly line of Clay street, 324 feet easterly
from Drumm street, with a frontage of 100
feet 7 inches, valued at $108,000; lot of land
on the southwest corner of i Battery and
Commercial streets, valued at $75,000; lot
of land on the northeast corner of Pacific
and Leavenworth streets, valued at $15,-.
000; lot of land on the southeast corner of
Broadway and Powell street, valued at
$12,000; lot of land on the southwest.cor
ner of Point Lobos and Fifteenth ave
nues, valued at $17,500; lot of land on the
west line of Folsom street. 100 feet north
of Thirteenth, valued at $9500; lot of land
on the east line of Battery street. 45 feet
10 inches north of Jackson, of 45 feet front
age, valued at $50 000; lot of land on the
north line of Jackson 6treet, near Bat
tery, valued at $26,000; lot of land on the
northeast corner of Jackson and San
some streets, valued at $17,500; lot of land
on the east line of Taylor street, near Pa
cific, valued at $11,750; lot of land on the
southeast corner of Clay and Davis
streets, valuedat $63,500; lot of land on the
northwest corner of Clay and Powell
streets, valued at $12,750; lot of land on
the north line of Turk street, near Jones,
valued at $9000; lot of land on the south
west corner of Pierce and Turk streets,
valued at $8750- two lots of land in San
Rafael, Marin County, valued at $7000 and
$1000 respectively; lot of land in Alameda.
Alameda County, at Santa Clara avenue
and Park street, valued at $55,000; lot of
land in Oakland, on the northwest corner
of Willow and Seventh streets, valued at
$45,000.
The appraisers labored eighty-seven
days on the estate and were awarded $435
each as a fee and $145 each expenses.
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street
M/ib< embroideries
w*»n and notions
1000 yards cambric embroidery and
insertions, widths varying from 2 to
ZVa inches wide — now 7^o yard.
1800 yards of English torchon and
cluny wash lace, a splendid imitation of
hand-made lace, with insertion to
mateh — now 4c yard.
thousands of yards of basket weave
•Ilk trimming braids, in assorted colors.
y3y 3 inch to V/i inches wide; J. J.
O'Brien & Co.'s price 15c to 35c the
yard — now sc,
black and colored pure mohair flor-
ence braid, X A to 1 inch wide; J. J.
O'Brien & Co.'s price ioc to 25c the
yard — now 5c
Cutters' 70-yard spool silk, in tan,
brown, red, green, yellow and black —
the spool now2j4c
colored silk tailor buttons, medium
size; J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price 5c —
now 2c dozen.
a large line of fancy metal buttons
that O'Brien's sold for 50c — we have
marked them the dozen only. ioc
also a large assortment of small and
medium size metal, jet and crochet but-
tons, that were sold by J. J. O'Brien &
Co. for 15c to 25c — now 5c dozen.
oMm^ gloves
Dent's ladies' 2-clasp kid gloves,
sizes in black sVa, 6, 6»4, 6 l / 3 and 6&; in
Havana s^, 6^, 6% and 6#; O'Brien's
price $2.oo— now $1.50.
Moue*fa dress goods
50-inch fancy covert cloth. Bayadere
eftect; sells regularly for 85c— now 59c.
fancy camel's hair plaid and very
handsome effect in popular colors; 36
inches wide; the regular price 50c—
now 37c, p
two broken lines of 42-inch mohair
crepon. that were sold at $2.00 and $2 2%
the yard — now 98c.
38-inch black mohair crepon; small
and medium size patterns; sold regu-
larly for 50c— now 39c
Js men's store
economically inclined men will find
many things here that they can get at a
great saving.
men's natural gray wool mixed half-
hose, a good solid weight, good wear-
ing sock, full seamless and all sizes. qV 3
to 11; J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price
I2j^c — now 9c.
men's neckwear, consisting of puffs,
tecks, imperials, English squares, bows
and string ties; J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s
price 50c — now 25c
household necessities
sheets, blankets, towels and table-
ware — 1675 sheets, and good quality ©i
bleached muslin, with 2-inch hem —
63x90 inches now 44c.
81x90 inches now 54c.
90x90 inches now 50c.
350 dozen huck towels, fine weave,
with fringed ends —
16x21 inches now 7c
17x35 inches now oc.
25 pieces table damask, bleached; a
yards wide; all linen and heavy crade—
now 48c yard.
80 pairs of white blankets: size 62x80
inches; good grade; of wool and cotton
mixed— now $2.35 per pair.
3500 yards of 32-inch wide Madras:
stripe patterns and pretty colorings for
waists and skirts; were 12j4c — now 8c
yard.
2500 yards of 36-inch wide percales;
medium and light colors; " were ioc—
now 7c yard. :sS'.- '¦
.Weekly Call, $1 per Year
Music at Grace Church.
The . monthly festival Bervice at • Grace
Church takes : place this ? evening' at 7:45.
The ' funeral march ; of Chopin with words
by Tennyson will, be sung "In memoriam"
of Charles ¦ Hennlng, an ex-volunteer
member of . the choir, who was recently
To Select Hospital Site.
The members of the* Supervisors'
tal and Health" Committee will meet at
10:30 o'clock this morning at -the foot of
Haight street and visit the proposed sites
Ladies of Calaveras.
The members of Calaveras Parlor No.
103 of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West will give an entertainment in • the
banquet hall of the Native Sons' building.
The programme will be followed by danc
ing.
GAMMA ETA KAPPA.
The Greeks Meet in Annual Conven-
tion and Then Enjoy a Banquet.
About seventy-five of the Greeks who
are members of the Gamma Eta Kappa
Fraternity attended the annual conven
tion held yesterday afternoon in the Al
cazar building. The meeting was called
to order by Frank V. Keeslingr and there
were representatives from this city, San
Jose. Oakland, Stockton, Los, Angeles,
Fresno,' Riverside, San Diego. San Ber
nardino; Portland, Or.; and Denver/ Colo.
The principal business transacted was
the adoption of a new constitution to meet
the needs of the growth of the fraternity.
A number of, other matters were passed
upon, which will be communicated to the
several chapters.
In the evening there was a banquet at
the California Hotel, which was prepared
under the direction of the committee of
arrangements, consisting of A. "Wheelan,
S. R. Symmes and H. S. Jewett. :The
toastmaster was Reginald H." Webster.
The toasts and responses were: "Our
Fraternity," Ji R. Monthrop; '"Southern
Chapters, '. T. R. Hawkins; "Chapter
Members," T. S. Dolllver; ."Central Chap
ters." S.T. Montgomery; "The Alumni,"
J. H. Cummlngs; "Northern Chapters,"
11. T. Nicholal.. and "Chapter Exten
sion," F. V. Keesling. The meeting was
a . very harmonious one and the evening
festivities were most enjoyable.' ; ' • ,
GOING HOUSEKEEPING?
Call to See Our
7 -Piece Bedroom Set
White Enameled Iron Beds, all sizes. $2.90.
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1304-1312 Stockton St.. Near Broadway.
• Open Evenings.
PICKPOCKET BURNS
CANNOT BE FOUND
His Case Called In the Superior Couit
and His Worthless Bonds De
clared Forfeited.
The case of James Burns, alias "Skln
ney" Ryan, the notorious pickpocket, was
called in Judge Lawlor's court yesterday,
and as he did not make his appearance
the bonds were declared forfeited and a
bench warrant was Issued for his arrest.
• The bonds, as stated exclusively in Fri
day's Call, were accepted by Judge Ca
baniss on false representations ; made to
him by "James Gorman" and "Charles
Bishop," who qualified as sureties and
were found to-be worthless. The detec
tives have been diligently searching for
Burns, but he has gone East. Burns "was
a "pal" of "Kid" Young and James Mer
rill, alias Meehan, and It is peculiar that
each has escaped punishment for hi*
crime through being released on "straw",
bonds. • Merrill was the first to escape
about five months ago. Young followed
three months later, and now Burns has
fled. It will, be a lesson to Judges. to be
careful In future in -accepting bonds for
pickpockets..*
IMMIGRATION BUREAU
UNDER CIVIL SERVICE
T. M. Crawford, Inspector, and Rich
ard Eccleston, Statistician, Ap
pointed Permanent Attaches.
¦ United States Immigration Commission
er North was Informed yesterday by Na
tional Immigration Commissioner Powder
ly that the Civil Service Commission had
appointed T. M. Crawford aa Immigra
tion Inspector at this port, with salary of.
Jl5OO per annum. Mr. Crawfprd has been
attached to the office for the past year aa
Inspector under temporary appointment.
His position is made permanent under
civil service rules.
Like action has been taken with reapact
to Richard Eccleston, statistician of the
local Immigration bureau. His salary la
$900 per annum and his position has beea
made permanent.
Means Best,
and even more, there's
corrjfort, beauty and ex-
clusiveness in every pair.
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY AT
50 THIRD STREET
SECOND SHOE STORE BELOW MARKET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
FREE BOOKI^ETOF 6PRINO bttt.t-ji
FOR THE ASKING.
CLEARI^SALE
BANKRUPT STOCK
OF*
FREEDMAN BROS., N. Y.
In order to close out every gar-
ment 0! the Bankrupt Stock, a
DEEPER CUT
will be made during this week.
WE SHALL OFFER:
A small lot of Spring Jackets at 75c.
50 Tan Kersey Jackets, latest cut, value
$5, at $1.95.
75 pretty Plaid Skirts, value $3, at $1.25.
25 Tan Kersey Jackets, lined throughout
with all-silk taffeta, real value $10,
for $5.00.
75 Plaid Golf Capes, the $3 kind, for $1.75.
20 Black All-wool Serge Tailor Suits, former
value $10, now $4.00.
50 Navy; Green and Black Cheviot Suits with
pleaton skirts, value $8, at $4.95.
25 Gray, Brown and Blue Homespun Eton
Suits with pleaton skirts, value $20,
for $13.50.
nrup ', .
A JI M JLhm^
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
She Says He Deserted Her.
Mrs. Mennle Hertz has sued her hus
band, Samuel Hertz, for maintenance and
support. Mrs. Hertz alleges that her hus
band deserted her. on February 16 and has
since failed to contribute toward her sup
port. ¦•- -
That
Agonizing
Is never on the face
of women who wear
tf)e Sorosis SJjoe.
killed. Mr. "Wendell will be the eololst.
Other solos and quartets will also be ren-
Idered, as well as an organ solo, Beetho-
ven's "Funeral March."
SHOEING HORSES FOR
THE FIRE DEPARTMENT
The Question Fully Discussed Before
the Commissioners, but No
Action Taken. . -.'.^
A number of horseshoers attended the
meeting of the Fire Commissioners yes
"terday morning to give their views on the
question aa to whether the contract for
shoeing the department horses should be
given as heretofore to one man or divided
among several. In the latter case the
city would bo divided into districts and
the lowest bid in each district would be
accepted. The speakers were E. M.
Graney (who has the present contract),
T. J. Crowley and T. F. McGee.
A communication was also read from
the Journeymen Horseshoers' Union ask
ing that the work be distributed among
the union labor shops. P. H. McCarthy,
Labor Commissioner, addressed the board
In support of the request of the union
men.
The board listened patiently to the dif
ferent speakers, but no action was taken.
A special meeting will be held on Tues
day afternoon to pass the monthly de
mands, when the norseshoelng question
will probably be disposed of.
D. R. Connriff acted as secretary In the
absence of M. Spinettl, assistant secre
tary, through sickness. The matter of
Secretary Gorman's resignation was not
referred to.
The following assignments to the var
ious theaters were made: Grand Opera
house, John Wilson, captain engine com
pany 4, and Lieutenant N. Mathison; Or
pheum, J. Conrlskey, lieutenant truck 4;
Alcazar. J. Leahy, lieutenant truck 2;
Columbia, P. Henlke, lieutenant engine
company 12. ¦ .
LATEST APPOINTMENTS
IN NATIONAL GUARD
Promotions in the Naval Militia.
The Troop of Cavalry to Be In
structed in Mounting and
Dismounting.
Major H. B. Hosmer has been appointed
Inspector on the division staff. National
Guard of California, with the rank of lieu
tenant colonel, vice Dohrmann, promoted.
Captain C. L. Hewes, who resigned fiom
the office of commander of the signal
corps, Second Brigade, has been appoint
ed aid, with the rank of major, on the di
vision staff, vice Fitzgerald, resigned.
Major Margo has at his own request
been relieved of the duties of commissaiy,
and Captain J. F. Eggert of the First In
fantry nas been assigned to perform the
duties of commissary.
Lieutenant Morrison, junior grade, has
been promoted lieutenant of the First
Division of the Naval Militia; Ensign Pe
terson has been promoted lieutenant Ju
nior grade, vice Dennis, resigned, ani
Petty Officer Smith has been promoted en
sign, vice Peterson, advanced.
The officers who were elected in the
First Infantry lost Wednesday night will
all have to appear before the examining
board, and It will be close to the end of
the month before the thirty-six examina
tions are completed. When that shall
have been concluded there will be a oall
for the election of field officers for that
regiment. Up to the present time no ona
has been named for colonel except Lieu
tenant Colonel Duboce. Aa already an
nounced, he has not declared himself as
a candidate for the position and will ac
cept only if it is tendered him by the of
ncera of the regiment. Nq one has yet
been suggested for the position of lieuten
ant colonel, and only one has been named
so far for major, and that is Captain
Cunningham, late of Company K. It is
probable, however, that in the course of
a week a number of avallables will pre
sent themselves for positions under
colonel. .< ... .?--•- '"•¦--'¦¦-" • I
Twenty-two men were discharged from
the Fifth Infantry on the 27th of Febru
ary—ten on account of removal, two by a
two-thirdß vote of the company, one at
expiration of term of service and nine for
the good of the service.
The following appointments in the Fifth
have been announced: Sergeant Erwln
E. Frost, Company B, to be first sergeant,
'vice Derby, elected first lieutenant; Cor
poral Arthur R. McClay, Company B. to
be sergeant, vice Hokum, elected second
lieutenant; Corporal Leonard M. Farrell.
Company B. to be sergeant, vice Frost,
promoted; Private Walter D. Garey, Com
pany B. to be quartermaster sergeant,
vice Klllam, discharged; Private Edward
B Gardner. Company D, to be corporal,"
•vice E. W. Smith, elected second lieuten
ant: Private V.--W. Hoxie., Company D,
to be corporal, vice Shaver, reduced to th»
ranks as private.
When Major Jansen, who was recently
elected captain of Troop A Cavalry. Sec
ond Brigade,' assumes command in a few
days one of the first things he will do will
be to Improve the appearance of the men.
He will nave In the armory an Imitation
vaulting horse, such as he recommended
more than three years ago, and which
last year was adopted in the regular
army. By the use of this the men will be
drilled in mounting and dismounting and
made to understand how to sit on a
horse. The major, who will resign from
the retired list as soon as he assumes
command of the troop, while on a Euro
pean tour studied the cavalry branch of
the service in the armies of England,
France, Germany, Belgium and Italy. He
has been connected with the National
Guard of California dnce 1868. when he
enlisted as a private, and has risen" in
various grades, becoming second lieuten
ant and first lieutenant of Company H of
the First, then was chosen captain ¦ of
Company D and was re-elected three
times. He was subsequently elected ma
jor and after three years was placed on
the retired list at his own request. Two
we^ks after he: was detailed as Inspector
of the Second Brigade.
of the new City and County Hospital. The
committee Is confined to the selection of
one of three sites and will probably, an
nounce Its recommendation at to-mor
row's meeting: of the board.
M/dfr. 4a underwear, hosiery
WSUmtif . rnpcpk with manufacturers ad-
(JjJ" t dHU tUlaCia* vancing the price in theso
lines of goods, economical buyers will do well to look far ahead
and purchase accordingly.
60 dozen plain knitted, pure Australian wool vests and pants; natural color;
.very soft and fine; handsomely finished; silk-bound neck and front: pearl but-
tons, also fine line of camel's hair vests and pants of same grade. J. J.
O'Brien's price $1.25 — now 75c each.
P n „„-•.£- /*¦<•<. genuine P.D. corsets in black and drab; J. J. O'Brien
. U. COrScIS &Co. only had 3 dozen; while they last
$3.25 quality at $2.00; $3.00 quality. at $1.50
flannelette gowns — ladies' flannelette gowns, made of fine quality flannel; J. J.
O'Brien & Co.'s price $1.25 quality at • •• 750
ladies' muslin, drawers — heavy, soft finish muslin, wide hems, tucks and feather
stitching, at. • 20c pair
children's muslin drawers — good muslin, hems and tucks, for ages 3 to 12
years, at •• . • 10c pair
children's aprons — white nainsook, neck and arrnholes trimmed with lace, 2 to
8 years, at .....:...:.............'.. .•. • 23 °
ladies' muslin gowns — good quality muslin, yokes' of fine tucks and embroid-
ery insertion; prices i . 45c, 65c and 85a
ladies' fine wool vests and pants — jersey ribbed vests with long sleeves,
gussets in arms; pants with French band; just the weight for spring wear;
come in blue, pink, white and natural colors; ]..]. O'Brien & Co. s price
$1.25 ; now .....; 68c each
Bilk vests — ladies' silk vests' in high neck and no 'sleeves, and high neck and
short sleeves; colors pink, blue, cream, lavender and black; J. J. O'Brien &
Co.'s price $1.50; n0w.... 750
ladies' silk vests, low neck and long sleeves, in black, sky. and lavender; J- J-
O'Brien & Co.'s price 90c; now. ••••• ••••••• 500
Imported wool vests — ladies'fine quality imported wool vesti, high necks and
ribbed arms; colors pink; black, white and natural; J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s
price $1.25; now 500
Swiss wool vests — fine quality, high neck and no sleeves, and high neck and
short sleeves, in white, black, pink and natural; J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price
$1.00; now at half-price.............. 500
ladies' summer vests — fine white Egyptian cotton, low neck and no sleeves, '
silk tapes in necks and armholes; J. J. O'Brien &- Co.'s price 25c, now less
than half-price .'. . 10c
children's union suits— natural gray, good weight, button down front, drop
seat; J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price 25c; now 160
Hole's.
Eale's.
Hales.
Hales.
Hales.
Hale*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, SOTTD AY, MARCH 4, 1
Halo's.
tfidk- 4z. waists and
jF*"*? suits
these goods were among the most at-
tractive in J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s stock;
the prices now make them doubly so.
90 dozen ladies' percale wash waists,
in blue, red, lavender, pink, and black
and white; the new stripe effects; the
front and backs are pleated; linen cuffs
and collars; the J. J. O'Brien & Co.
price was $1.00, but now 50c.
50 ladies' plaid skirts of camel hair,
in blue, brown and dark garnet; full
sweep; bound with velveteen and lined
with percaline; all sizes; J. J. O'Brien &
Co.'s price $5.00 — but now $2.89.
30 -dozen ladies' flannelette wrappers,
the real comfortable kind, with tight-
fitting lining;' caps over sleeves;
flounces on some, and others plain; full
sweep skirt; some trimmed with braid
down front and back and over collars
and cuffs; sizes 32 to 42; J. J. O'Brien
& Co.'s price $1.50 — now 75c.
50 ladies' fine suits of serge, cheviots,
homespuns and camel hair; pretty,
tight-fitting; fly fronts and double-
breasted effects; jackets are silk-lined
with percaline lined skirts that are cor-
duroy bound; the seams are all tailor
finished; J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price
$15.00 and $20.00 — now $9.85.
35 ladies' colored and black jackets, in
boucle kersey cloth; double-breasted
and fly fronts; turn-down collars and
finished seams throughout; J. J.
O'Brien & Co.'s price $5.00 — now $1.65.
25 children's reefer jackets, in melton
cloth; colors of navy blue and green;
braid trimming over sailor collar and
cuffs on many of them; finished seams
throughout; sizes 4 to 12 years — price
ps(e*!if silks
22-inch colored faille silk, in shades of
tan, myrtle, brown, terra-cotta. cardinal,
etc.; J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price $1.50 —
now 69c.
19-inch silk velvet; shades brown,
garnet, gray, purple, green, castor, rose
and cardinal; J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s
price $1.50 — now 79c
Wvucnft? ribbons
thursday, friday and Saturday buyers
made great inroads upon the J. J.
O'Brien & Co.'s stock of ribbons, but
there are thousands of yards left at
prices that are remarkably low.
1 $4-»nch all-silk, fancy edge, moiro
ribbon, in bright, pretty shades— the
yard only sc.
all-silk taffeta ribbon, in all shades,
nos. 22, 40, 60— the yard only 12c.
odd lots of best quality satin and
grosgrain ribbon, nos. 7 and 0. that
were sold by J. J. O'Brien & Co. at
ioc and 12j4c — our price, the yard only
all-silk taffeta ribbons, assorted col-
ors, nos. 9, 12, and 16 — the yard only 7c.
lace curtains
good housekeepers will do well to lay
in a supply of these goods, as the prices
are lower than. they can ever be again.
200 pair of ecru and white lace cur-
tains, 3 yards long, 40 inches wide, a
dainty and serviceable curtain for bed-
room purposes — the pair only 69c.
for lodging-houses and hotels a jrood
ecru and white curtain 3& yards lonsr,
60 inches wide, 3 patterns to select
from — the pair only $1.60.
300 single pair and half-pair lace cur-
tains, a bit soiled in moving, # i and 354
yards long, marked at a variety of
prices. — all below original cost.
/ ' '" r^^%^gffejgsF
lif B SU\ s??*' t t^/^^ during the three days of the sale last week an
ISI S sLjlJ/jifL/ f s*£j* W.& Ll !mmense Quantity of goods were sold, of course all of
[g \B / §w/mamw2um^^S/fM S9?* these goods could not be shown at once, people who
jm*)B>W/ **r (rwWVW^f imVWy thronged to oup store last week will find many different
/K/mrl^ / goods from the J» J. O'Brien & Co.'s stock to-morrow.
Jm( M I _ / all high-class goods and sold Just as we bought them—
11 THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Stvrht High
BT^BB EfSI ™S kPeslJ^Hi]
¦I -W[ Ml mi
Ladies Mahogany Parlor Desk.
Ornately carved. Pretty, con-
venient book- top: . French, bev-
eled mirror; extra drawer and
shelf room; finely finished in-
side. A perfect desk for an i
artistio home. A birthday or j
wedding gift; was $26. $21. |
From our large line of Mahogany ,
Parlor Desks we select a few as i
a Ladies' Special--' this 'week."-- But j
one desk of each ¦ kind."' Elegant j
designs, fine carvings and inlaying: j
$ 27.50 was $33.00 ij
$22.00 was $25.00 |
• $ 20.00 was $ 22.50 ; :C|
$12.50 was $ 14.00 . .?]
Other kinds as low as 53.50. ' \
Drapery , Department — Genuine i
Battenberg and Arabian lace, rich ;
silk and bright colored Madras cur- >
tains. ;;•!
Silk; and Imported Tapestry table i
covers— s6' to $60. „¦;•.¦,' i
CARPET- DEPARTMENT j
Reversible; all wool- Empire Rugs. |
A wearing kind. Great variety of j
color and 'pattern.' A Fringed : ends. 1
30X60 inches; $1. j
Fre« Dtllvery. Oikland, Alameda, Berkeley ]
M FRIEDMAN d CO..
'233 to 237 Pott St.
; Open ereniagt '¦ Near Stockton
I visit OR. JORDAN'S great i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
Cb ::r. mm; er.tt. c-ik?±. c.r.ca. i
Cj Tbe l~arf- e*t Anatocntcftl Museum fa the \
,^*J^- Wand. Wetuiettes er my contracted M
JE3J li 1 "" r^* l ""-'? «¦»»¦¦< hy the olocn T
< jB g I bpeullm t b the Gotw. E»L 36 ye*r». 9
Lv**l DR. JOROAN-fRIVATE DISEASES 4
I tiS^WQ Cxfinilution fr« »nd «trlct!jr private. \
f XiV/ H T " »'ment pf r»on«lly nr by letter. A M
¦ nr IS If A*»-"t t Curt In erery c»« vi. Jr rtakenu V
>| (lfi, Writefarßook.r«lL<»aorßY«r A
I i\ 1 >*nniAi.t. MAILM.O rmzx. «Af
n ji ' mlukbtc book for mrsj \
DB fOBDARACO.. 1031 Market ßt-,8. f. ¥
32