THIS TRAIN IS BREAKING RECORDS.
DECISION IN THE DELAGOA
BAY RAILWAY CONFISCATION
Jlccording; to tfte Jlward Portugal .Must Pay tfte Unit'd
States and fipeat Britain 15.314.000 Francs.
BERNE,- Switzerland, . March' ».—Ac
cording to the Delagoa' Bay Rail
way, award, Portugal Is condemned
to pay 15,314.000 francs.
Following Is the text of the de
cision, which is In six clauses:
¦ After deliberation the court decrees) as fol
lows:
¦ I.- The court - rejects all demands In favor
of a final Inquiry. It declines also to separate
the Judgment on the principal object of litiga
tion from that dealing with the Indemnity due
for the territory In question.
11. On the other hand the court decides to
deliver forthwith Its definite decree on the
main question and to communicate to the par
ties an authentic copy of Its essential points,
the complete decree, with a recital of the rea
sons, to follow after a short period.
Hereupon the court, conslntlng of three mem
bers present, unanimously has returned Us de
cree In the following terms:
I. The Portuguese Government, as the de
fending party. Is condemned to pay to the
Government of the United States and to Great
Britain, the claimants," altogether, in addition
to the . £23.000 paid oa account In IS9O. the
sum ' of 15.314.000 francs In | legal Swiss money.
with simple interest on this sum at the rate
of 6 per cent per annum from June 1. 1889. up
to date of payment of said sum.
11.. This sum. ; after deducting . what .la
necessary to " defray the cost of arbitration
falling on the 'claimants, and in ¦ addition to
the balance of £18,000 paid on account 'ln 1890.
shall be employed In the payment of bondhold
ers and other creditors. If there U need, of the
Delagoa Bay Railway Company, according to
their standing. . The claimants will draw up *
scale of distribution for this purpose. The Por
tuguese Government, will have to pay Into the
hands of the Government of the United States
the . sum .which, according to said scale, shall
accrue to McMurdo. represented by said Gov
ernment In her quality of bond-holding creditor
•f the first "aad second" degree. It will p»»
the surplus to the Government of Great Britain
for the benefit of all others having rights.
111. The delay of six months fixed by the.
last. line of clause IV of the arbitration com
promise shall run from this day forth.
IV. The costs of the arbitration, according
to a scale to be drawn up in accordance with
clause V. of the arbitration compromise, win
be borne In equal parts by the three parties
to the suit, that is to say a third part by each
of them.
I V. The conclusions of the parties In so far
! as they differ from the above award are set
aside. .
VI. An authentic copy of the present award
will be delivered through the Intermediary of
the Swiss Federal Council to each of the three
parties to the case.
The award is unanimous.
In 1383 Edward McMurdo, an American
citizen, obtained a concession from Port
ugal, to build a railroad fifty-seven miles
long from Lourenzo , Marques to Komati
' Poort, on the Transvaal border, there to
connect 'with a line to be built by the
Netherlands Company on to Pretoria, 290
miles farther. McMurdo organized a com
pany In London under the name of the
Delagoa Bay Railroad Company for Its
construction. It was not completed within
the time set and was several times extend
ed, and Portugal, declaring the concession
forfeited, seized and completed the work.
On remonstrance by Great Britain and
the United States the matter was referred
to M. Joseph Blasi. Vice President of the
Swiss Federal Tribunal: M. Charles Sol
dan,' president of the Council of State,
Canton de Vaud. and M. Andreas Heuss
ler. professor of law at Basle University,
for arbitration, the Government of Port
ugal having presented a counter-claim.
To this the company made a reply 'and
Portugal rejoined, with which both par*
ties rested their case.
PREMIER SCHREINER'S
ATTITUDE QUESTIONED
LOKDOX, March 23.— In the House of
Lords to-day the Earl of Camperdown
asked a series of questions bearing upon
the various allegations concerning Pre
mier Schreiner's attitude toward the war.
Th*e Earl of Selborne, Under Secretary of
State for the Colonies, replied that a self
governing colony was bound to do every
thing possible to defend Its territory
against Invasion. Generally speaking, he
added, the land defense lay with the col
ony, while the defense of the coaling sta
tions or attack by sea devolved upon the
motherland.
- tSo part of her Majesty's dominions, the
Under Secretary of War continued, can
claim to be at peace with a power with
Vhich her Majesty is at war. It Is unjust
to say that ihe Cape Government had de
clined to call out Us forces. It had called
out the volunteers to the extent the Gov
ernor considered wise. While the Cape
Ministry had not on even* point held
views identical with those officials respon
sible for the conduct of the war. It was
<juite unjust to accuse the Cdlonial Min
isters of declining to call out troops.
Clearly it was much better that some of
the burgher forces should not be called
out. for it was a, matter of common no
toriety that part of the forces could not
be relied on.
Regarding the question of liability for
damages, the Under Secretary said the
Government aimed to endeavor to- exact
compensation from those who caused the
damage. The question, he added, con
cerned both the Colonial and Imperial
Governments, but principally the Colonial
Government, which was responsible to the
parties injured and ought to co-operate
¦with the Imperial Government to see that
those who caused the damage paid for it.
MAGISTRATE GARSTIN'S CASE.
LONDON, March 29.— 1n- the House of
Commons to-day, replying to a question
by Eugene Witeon. Liberal member for
Clackmannan and Kinross, who asked
whether her Majesty's Government pos
pessM Information as to the whereabouts
of the British magistrate. Mr. Garstin of
South Africa, who was captured by insur
pent Dutch colonists and threatened with
trial for murder, and on what grounds the
trial was to be held, the Secretary of
Btate for the Colonies, Mr. Chamberlain,
said the British High Commissioner, Sir
Alfred Milnor, had reported that Mr.
Garstin was sent to Bloemfontein on
March 13. Mr. Chamberlain added that
Sir Alfred Milner had been asked to in
quire Into the particulars of the case and
to make the necessary representations
LATEST REPORT
FROM LORD ROBERTS
LONDON. March ».— The War Office
has received the following dispatch from
Lord Roberts, dated Bloemfontein, March
28:
"General Clements occupied Fauresmlth
to-day . without opposition. One nine
pounder and one Martini-Maxim were dis
covered in the prospecting shaft of a mine,
where a large quantity, of ammunition was
buried.
"Arms are being surrendered gradually
and the inhabitants are settling down.
"Colonel Pilcher visited Ladybrand •on
March 26. On leaving the town he was
attacked- by a party of the enemy, and
one of his force was wounded and five are
missing. • '....-¦
"During the skirmish north of the Mod
der>River on March C.flve men were
wounded. Three are reported to be miss
ing. Captain. Sloane. Stanley of the Six
teenth Lancers and five men of that regi
ment were taken prisoners." .*"
.? . . •
HERBERT GLADSTONE'S VIEWS.
LONDON, March 23.— Speaking at the
breakfast of the Liberal agents at Not
tingham to-day, Herbert Gladstone, son
of the late William E. Gladstone and
member of Parliament for West Leeds,
declared that nearly all the Liberals had
agreed in regard to the settlement of the
South African question that it was the
duty of the Government to make recur
rence of the war impossible, and show the
world that British power in South Africa
was predominant and that the British flag
must wave over the whole of South Af
rica.
HOLDING SOUTHERN FRONTIER.
ALIWAI. NORTH. March . 23.— General
Brabant and his staff have returned from
Rouxville and are now actively engaged
in holding the southern frontier of tho
Free State. Detachments are* being sent
to strengthen the positions which have
been occupied. It is evident that Com
mandant Olivier, now moving north, is be
ing closely watched by Sir Godfrey Lang
don, the Basutoland Commissioner, who is
In communication with General French.
NORFOLK'S SUCCESSOR.
LONDON. March 30.— The Standard,
which Is an excellent source of Govern
ment Intelligence, says that the Marquis
of Londonderry will be appointed Post
master General, to succeed the Duke of
Norfolk, who has gone to South Africa.
LONDON, March 30.— Beyond some
indecisive fighting at Warrenton,
where a large Boer force confronts
Lord Methuen, there has been no
news of great importance to-day
from the seat of war. Until Lord Rob
erts begins his advance, which, it is
thought In a well-informed quarter here,
will be early next week, Methuen Is not
likely to make any attempt to drive back
the Boers in front of him.
The recall of the British troops rrom
the Barkley West district and Griqua
town, northwest of Klmberley, would
seem to indicate that preparations for a
general advance northward by the British
armies are nearly completed. One thing
which has been delaying Lord Roberts is
a lack of warm clothing for the troops.
Dispatches from various points In. Cape
Colony, Natal, contain evidences that the
policy of severe punishment of the Dutch
inhabitants who took up arms against the
Queen is being strongly pushed. Winston
Churchill appears to be the only corre
spondent" who advocates dealing with the
co-called rebels in a spirit of conciliation.
The others- all harp upon the great in
justice which will be done loyal colonists
unless £ those who rebelled are harshly
dealt with. Some maintain that, a con
fiscation of property, or Imprisonment
even or death is the only ' punishment
commensurate with their offense. . Meet-
Ings* are being organised all over the
colony to indorse the policy of complete
extermination of the two republics. .
There seems to:be some foundation for
found advisable. There are grounds for
suspicion, however. that President
Kruger does not intend to destroy,prop
erty, but hopes by this means to induce
foreign Investors to endeavor to force
their respective governments to intervene.
DESTRUCTION OF MINES
NOT DEFINITELY DECIDED
Special cable to The Call and'tfew York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900. - by. the Herald Pub
lishing Company. * .- ¦ .
LONDON, March 30.— This dispatch from
its special correspondent is published by
the Dally Mall:
PRETORIA, March 29.— Although It is
true that the State Mining Engineer has
made borings in ' the shafts of
the mines at Johannesburg, I
am officially Informed: that it was
without the Government's sanction, and
Boers Very Active Near the Free State
Capital, and Are Advancing in
Force Southward.
LONDON, March 30.— The Bloemfontein correspondent of the Morning Post, telegraphing on
Wednesday, says: "President Kruger boasts his intention to retake Bloemfontein within a week, and it
appears probable that the Boers are advancing in force southward." . .
A dispatch to the Daily Chronicle from Bloemfontein/ dated March 28, says,: "The Boers are ac
tive north of Glen, about fifteen miles from here. 'lt is reported that they ar« concentrating in consid
erable force. Reinforcements of all arms are being sent up from Bloemfontein, including the Seventh
Division and a portion of General French's cavalry. " ,'yiy" •
PRETORIA, March 29. — General Joubert's funeral "took place here to-day. He will be buried on
Friday at Bustfontein in his private mausoleum with military honors. The captured British officers here
sent a floral tribute. • y
T ONDON, -March 29.—
/ Additional details are at
hand to-day in regard to
the execution of ex-Sergeant
Major Thomas Greener of the
Royal Engineers in South Af
rica for desertion to the enemy.
He did not desert, as re
ported, at the first opportunity
thai presented itself after the
arrival of his command in
South Africa, nor did he desert
to the enemy directly. He de
serted from Aldershot in 1894,
and for the last six years a civil
warrant, with his description,
has been in the hands of tlte
constables and police all over
Great Britain.
Greener was concerned in the wholesale stealing of waste lead
and spelter from the balloon zuorks at Aldershot, and fled in 1894 to
escape arrest. It is now known that he went to America, and after
some stay in the mining district of California went to Australia and
thence to the Transvaal in 1897. c was mploy ed °n the Rand,
and on the breaking out of the war took service with the Boers and
was made en officer of engineers. On being captured he was recog
nised and questioned and admitted his identity. A court-martial sen
tenced him to be shot, and he met his death like a soldier.
By many his execution is regarded as unjustifiable; even under
strict interpretation of military law. He is said to have become a
citizen of the Transvaal.
SERGEANT MAJOR GREENER.
EX-SERGEANT MAJOR
GREENER CAPTURED AND
SHOT AS A DESERTER
OOM PAUL SAYS HE WILL
RETAKE BLOEMFONTEIN
VOLUME LXXXVn- NO. 130.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN -FRANCISCO, tfBIDAY^, MARCH 30, 1900.
KRUGER THREATENS
TO HOLD SALISBURY'S
SON AS A HOSTAGE
that the question of the destruction of th>
mines as a last resort has still to be dls
cussed by the Executive Council.
WILD STORY CONCERNING
FOREIGNERS WITH BOERS
LONDON, March 29.— A London Times
correspondent, heretofore considered to
be quite in the confidence of Lord Rob
erts, cables that the Boer forces have
been re-equipped, and he says he is
fully convinced that 150,000 foreign troops
have been landed to aid the republics.
From this the Inference might be drawn
that the London critics have been pre
mature in prophesying an immediate ad
vance, as at Kimberley and Paardeberg.
The 'best based conjecture is well nigh
worthless as to when Lord Roberts con
templates moving. •
-+-++* TON DON, March 20.—
? ? J_^ President Kruger is re-
T - ~~"">\ * ported as intimating that
I /^ >\ I Lord Edward Herbert Cecil,
t ? A?* o*'0 *' \ Jon °f orf * Salisbury, and
1 / JL. \ X brevet major of the Grena
i! mf* A \ tiert ier Guards, who is now with
I Tf£2& g 9£k F" \ Colonel Badeii-Pcxvell at Ma fe-
X/ l^^R "*" 4$ \ ? king, will be a sufficient guaran-
T I wlfab*, '»? * against any harm to himself
k \ ?in the eVent °f ''" ca P ture - This
t \ t wa - v c ' a^ rn ' 0 mean thai when
? \ .^JSWJfIP^ / * Z-orrf Ct*ci7 w captured he will
t r^ l^fe^i*^ / ? u^ a-y a Postage until the
X X mtf 0/ //z<? tfar an<f satisfactory
? . t settlement of the question of
T * ? Punishment for any offenses on
T t concerned.
I lord edward cecil. J 707 0 ym<^ nobleman,
++.G-+- <j>_ 4 _^ > _»_4 > _»_^_»-4»-^-^-»-# twor^ /Aan /<? any oh* *^^, iy
(f we f/t? ability of the garrison to hold out as long as it has done.
Just before the beginning of the war Lord Cecil, who had been
for some time in South Africa, was in Kimberley on his way to
Maf eking to assist in preparing for a siege. On inquiry he found
that only a certain quantity of provisions had been ordered to be sent
up to Maf eking, hardly sufficient for six weeks. He at once sought
the contractor, and giving him his personal obligation, amounting to
£40,000, for the excess, had the Government order quadrupled and
forwarded at' once.
DENVER, March 29.— -With a special train rushing across the - continent, j the Santa Fe is trying to
break its Nelly Bly and all other records in. order that A. B. Peacock; one orthe directors of the Car
negie Steel Company, may arrive at Pittsburg in time to attend the annual meeting of the directors
at noon on Saturday. ...
The train left Los Angeles at 10 o'clock on Tuesday night and passed through La Junta at 11:30 last
night,- making" the" run of 1250 miles in twenty-four aoid one-half hours. The special- stopped at La Junta
just long enough to change engines and made the run to Dodge City, Kansas, 203 miles, in 192 minutes,
reaching that point at 3:12 this morning. ' •
The next spurt was to Newton, a distance of 167 miles, which was made in 163 minutes, reaching that'
station at 7:15, making over seventy miles an hour in spurts on the run where the conditions favored such a
speed..- •¦ ¦ •¦•'"•,''"..' y'-Z:-??X-'' "..-¦.'
It is estimated from the rate at which thespecial has been run so far that Mr; Peacock will be in
Pittsburg Friday night, thereby making one of the ; best - long, distance runs ; that has yet been made across
• the continent, s . ,r, r .;'.',. - •
CHICAGO. March 29— Prom Loe Angeles; Cal., to, Chicago, 'a distance of 2285 mlles.^lni fifty-eight hours and thirty
minutes. This is the record' hung up by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa'Fe to-night, -when .the "Peacock special" pulled
into the Chicago depot at 10:30 o'clock. Trains have beenjrun' faster for. short dlstan'ces,- but never before had a train-been
brought. from the Western coast to this city In time approaching that' made by the : special. All records for the run were
beaten by nearly; eight hours. ••¦ ¦ ,-¦ - V * . • ... . ' ¦ _ _ -^ :...:;<¦ • .: ¦ ,-j »-¦¦ -".. .
• An hour after the arrival of the train Mr: Peacock,. vice, president of the Carnegie Steel Company,, boarded a Pennsyl
vania train eleven hours earlier than he expected. 1':1 ': • '-..'*. . •-¦- ;: .¦:'•..>¦ *. ; ' —
The. trip from the coast here cost Mr. Peacock $4000. .For the. entire j, distance an average speed of 38.9 miles was main
tained. On several long stages of the run the speed approached a mile a minute and was maintained for distances that are
remarkable in view of the difficulties overcome. (The train was' made up of engine. Pullman car and a combination' car [and ~
abareagecwr .- - • , i. :.,.-¦¦. -.;-_;._ -.....:- ;¦¦;. ¦-¦'- -••¦---
ROUTE OF THE FLYER ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
TRANSPORTATION IN : SOUTH AFRlCA— Finding the Drift in Flood-Water.
The forward movement of Lord Roberts'/army toward the Transvaal border. will doubtless stay for some time on the:
settlement of the question of transportation. The single track railroad running through, the Orange Free State, along
which he will for the most part advance, will fall far short of the requirements of his force, even If left undisturbed by the -
Boer guerrillas. The mules and horses, that have been carried by the thousands to South Africa, are not to be depended
¦upon as the fall season is now at hand and they will have to go through a spell of acclimation fever, with a kind of pneu
monia under which a large percentage of them will die. Those that get through all right will be said to be "salted." and
will be as fit for hard service as a "Texas pony." The third and easiest system of transportation, when it can be provided
on sufficiently large scale, is the South African ox team, with its Kaffir drivers. The oxen are slow and the drivers lazy. '
but under the stimulus of threat or reward held out by an officer, who keeps them always under his eye, fairly good work
can be got' out of them. The picture, taken from IHie Spear, shows a train of ox wagons in the act of crossing a river, .
which is enough in flood to hide the regular drift, much to the bewilderment of the Kaffir boy In the lead.
SHAMROCK FOB THEIR GRAVES.
LONDON. March 30.— The Duke of York
has accepted from a resident of Cork a
thousand packets of shamrock seed, which
will be sown upon the graves of Irish sol
diers In South Africa.
through the United States Consul at Pre
toria. -
BOERS REOCCUPY CAMPBELL.
KIMBERLEY. March 2S.— Lord Methuen
has returned to Klmberley from the Bark
ley district. The mounted troops under
him are expected to-morrow. They were
at Likatlong when they received the or
ders from Lord Raberts to return here. It
Is reported - the Boers have reoccupled
Campbell' and that they are in strong force
near Warrenton. Barkley West and
Taungs. '
NEW FOB KITCHENER.
LONDON. March. 29.— lt Is reported In
a well-informed quarter that Lord Kit
chener will be offered the post of com
mander in chief In India, succeeding . the
late Sir William Lockhart, so soon- as
UNCLE SAM JOINS IN THE
BIG NAVAL DEMONSTRATION
Demands of Russia Regarding. Korea Cause a Renewal
of War Taik. as to the Far East. ;
Special Dispatch to the Call.
PALL. HEADQUARTERS. WELL
INGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON.
I March 29.— The secret of Rear Ad-
I mlral Watson's action In assembling
large squadron at Yokohama,
aside from his desire to meet his succes
por Rear Admiral Remey. as commander
In chief of the Asiatic station* may be
Tound in the information received by
the State Department, which has learned
that the Japanese Government has as
pen-.Wed its fleet at Kobe. Japan, where
It win be reviewed by the Emperor. The
assembling of the 'Japanese fleet is said
not to have any political significance,
though it Is believed it will Impress the
Japanese people, who have been stirred
by rumors of war with Russia, which the
officials here regard as unfounded.
KOBE. March 29.— 1t Is reported that
the demands of Russia for a cession of
territory In Korea as a substitute for
Masanpho are causing excitement in
Japan, and are especially connected with
the naval maneuvers and mobilization of
the naval reserve.
LONDON, March 23.— The Evening News
publishes a dispatch from Kobe. Japan,
announcing that Russia has demanded
leave to land troops near Masanpho.
Korea, the dispatch says, wants no out
glde Interference.
The British Government has not re
oeived any news tending to confirm the
advices from Japan as to Russian designs
In Korea and Is Inclined to doubt their
accuracy. The Premier. Lord Salisbury.
It U eaid, opprehenda no possibility of an
Immediate rupture between Japan, and
Russia, and whatever may be done In the
future ' regarding the disturbances around
Tientsin, it is learned that no steps have
yet. been taken looking^ to concerted ac
tion on the part of the powers, nor Is
there any indication that official circles
regard the situation in China as serious,
as it is made out in the press dispatches.
From all sources of Information available
to the British Foreign Office it is Judged
that Japan neither desires nor is In any
way near ready to dispute with hostilities
Russian action in the Far East. ¦'
Joseph Walton, who recently returned
from a tour in China, Japan and Korea,
Interviewed on the report of the Russian
demand, said:
"A short time ago I pointed out that
from interviews I had with Marquis Ito,
Count Okuma, Viscount Aoki and other
leading Japanese statesmen I found that
Japan was determined to resist Russian
aggression in Korea, even at the cost of
war. Japan looks upon Korea as very
important for an outlet of her excess of
population. ' Masanpho is the best port on
the coast of Korea.' Up till now. Japanese
Influence has been predominant there.
Russia and Japan ore each on the look
out for what they consider an opportune
moment for enforcing the claim of prior
right which each thinks it has to Korea."
YOKOHAMA. March 30.— M. Pavloff,
Russian Minister to Korea, is pressing
his demands at Seoul, and the Japanese
Minister to Korea, Hayashi Oonsouke, is
discussing tho subject with him. • - •
The San Francisco Call
decisive successes have been obtainea in
the Transvaal; and that General Sir
Archibald Hunter will succeed him as
Ix>rd Roberts' chief of staff. The Indian
newspapers have been urging Kitchener s
appointment. .
the reports that many of the shafts on
the Rand and buildings In Johannesburg
have been mined and explosives placed In
position to blow up the property if it is
LORD EDWARD CECIL.Hungerford Acquitted.
SANTA ANA. March 23.— A verdict of
not puilty was rendered by the Jury in the
case of Henry Hungerford, tried for the
murder of James Marion Gregg. A quar
rel -over cattle occurred between Gregg
and the Hungrerford brothers several
months ago. which resulted in Gregg be
t Ing shot to death by the Hungerfords.
Luther Hungerford wan also tried for the
murder and was acquitted. It was the
opinion of the Jury that the shooting was
justifiable.
Murderer Arrested.
RIVERSIDE, March 29.— Sheriff Coburn
received a telegram . to-day, from the Sher
iff of Bakersfleld saying that Henry Ma
gee, who shot and killed Alberto ¦ Orte
ga at Rincon in- this county in 1834. was
in that city and could be Jailed if want
ed. Sheriff Coburn ordered Magee's ar
rest. Magee shot. and killed Ortega in a
drunken row. - - , -
BORN AT CUBA'S CAPITAL.
Interesting Event Occurs in the Fam-
ily of the Governor General.
HAVANA. March 29.— Mrs. Wood, wife
of the Governor General, gave. birth to a
ten-pound girl at the palace at noon to
day. Mother and child are doing well.
The records of Havana do not show the
birth here of any other Governor Gen
eral's child.'
Under the Spanish regime, the wife of
the Governor General invariably returned
to Spain, that the child might be born
there.
The afternoon papers had gone to press
before the palace event was announced,
although the Disscuscion learned of it in
directly and was thus able to say:
"We wish all happiness to the Governor
General, to his wife and to the Cuban
little girl, who, we hope, will be a fervent
partisan of the independence of her na
tive country." . , ?
ORANGES SOLD FOR CHARITY.
Big Price Realized From the Sale of
a California Product.
NEW YORK, March 29.— A carload iof
California oranges were' sold to-day-for
the benefit of the St. John's Guild, which
brought more money than any carload
of, the fruit ever sold in this city, $4631 be
ing realized. The fruit was donated to
charity by the Southern California Fruit
Exchange, and the * car- contained . 365
boxss, containing' from 80" to 200 oranges
in a box. Many of the boxes were resold
several times, the buyers . donating the
amount at which they secured the boxes
to the guild. r ?:•:,,
Death of John Pacheco.
Special DUpatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, March 29.— John Pa
checo, one of the best ; known residents
of San Rafael, died at his home here this
morning of pneumonia' after: air Illness ot
only, a few days. The deceased was mar
ried and his estate, valued at $150,000, will
go to his widow and daughter.
Death of Tandy Browning.
PETALUMA.' March 29.— Tandy Brown
ing, an old and respected resident of this
city, died at the * County Hospital - to-day.'
He was a native of Kentucky and SOyears
of age. He has lived here for forty years.
ASSAULTED A CHILD.
Salinas Youth Is Charged With a
Serious Offense.
Special Dispatch to The Call. : .
SALINAS, March 29.— Walter Soto, the
16-year-old son of O. Soto, has been ar
rested and charged with having criminally
assaulted the four-year-old daughter of
Joseph Vasquez, a : prominent resident.
The Soto family has been on friendly
terms with. the vasquez people for a long
time and the children of both families play
together.
The mother swore out - a warrant and
had the boy arrested. The lad. was ar
raigned and the preliminary hearing will
take place Saturday morning. Indignation
runs very high here to-night and sum
mary violence is hinted at. ,-
Killed by a Fall.
PETALUM A, ; March 23.-Dan \ Hannon ,
a well-known young butcher of this city,
was thrown from a horse -last -evening,
striking on his head and inflicting-injur
ies that later caused his death. After the
accident he went home, ate his supper and
went to bed. ¦ He felt-no 111 effects of the
faUUuntil about six 'hours after his mis
hap, when he awoke with a distressing
headache.' A doctor was called and found
that , Hannon had « broken a blood vessel
in his head.- He died- about an hour later.-.
He .- leaves a widow • and a large family.'
He .was a native of California, I aged ¦31
years. ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ • . ¦- ' - •¦ .
Dlstrict-i>f California to pay for the «lt*
of the public building at Oakland author
ized by the last Congress. . . • •
. The House Committee- on- Public Lands
to-day favorably reported the bill grant
ing the rigm-of-way over Government
lands for a pipe line- for the conveyance
of water to Flagstaff. Ariz.
Senator Perkins to-day presented In the
Senate memorials of the Board of Trade
of Oakland .urging the creation of depart
ments of commerce and Industries: also
the resolution of the San Francisco Cham
ber of Commerce favoring the appropria
tion of $200,000 for a commercial museum
at Philadelphia and asking the California
delegation to endeavor "to secure an ap
propriation of $50,000 for a Pacific Com
mercial Museum at San Francisco, for the
formation of which active steps have been
taken. Petitions from the aame body
were .also presented praying for relief
from the present conditions in Alaska;
opposing the passage of the bill now be
fore Congress granting the Secretary of
the Interior power to name the delegate
in Congress from Ataska. Memorials of
the Health Department and Merchants*
Exchange of Oakland favoring the bill In
the interest of pure food were also pre
sented, bbbm
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF THE COAST
Special t»sr»tch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. March 29.— Pensions-
California: Original— James Wyles, For
tuna,* $10; John Spread, Veterans* Home.
Napa, $6; Robert Tankard. Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $8. Increase— George
W. Hidden, San Bernardino, $6 to $8.
Oregon: Original— Edward B. Lamb,
Portland, $6. Additional — Charles Duggan,
Portland. $6 to $12.
.Washington: Original— Thomas Gray,
Blckleton. $6.
Postofflces established: Washington-
Alton, Klickitat County; Riverside, Oka
nogan County. : x." V
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Homer A. -Plimpton. Perris; Samuel A.
Johnstone, Amedee; Jesse H. McLean,
Julian; Thomas A. Brown, Manvel.
The Secretary of the Treasury to-day
forwarded a check for $50,000 to the United
States District Attorney for the Northern
PROHIBITS THE
IMPORTATION
OF OUR PORK
The Sublime Porte Takes
Action Against, the
¦ Product.
:. ; s^>--;-,r; r .,•:»--¦? ¦r-.-.yj.yr:/... «.*/.*
United" States Charge D'Affaires
Lloyd C. Griscom Lodges an
Emphatic ' Protest Against
thY Embargo.
CONSTANTINOPLE, March 29.-The
Porte has informed the United States le
gation that in future the importation of
American pork will be 'prohibited, giving
as a reason for the prohibition that the
meat Is injurious to the public health.
Lloyd C. Grlscom. United States Charge
d'Affaires. protested energetically, de
manding the Humiliation of the measure.
WASHINGTON, March 29.'— Secretary
of. Agriculture Wilson said to-day that he
had no official information that Turkey
has prohibited the importation of Ameri
can pork. If any steps were taken In the
matter by this Government, he said, the
Staie Department would conduct the ne
gotiations. :
"If.it has been, decided to -bar out all
pork," said the Secretary, "there can be
no cause for complaint, but if American
pork is discriminated against we will have
good cause to protest, as there can be no
valid reason for excluding it, as it is the
best in the world."
It is probable that the action of the
Porte was taken on religious grounds, as
the religion of the Turks prevents them
from eating pork. Statistics oh file at this
department ahow that during the past five
years. the value of, hog. products exported
from the United States to Turkey has
averaged $13 a year.
Mr. Grlscom has acted of his own voli
tion in lodging a protest, for the State
Department has not yet been Informed of
the prohibition of the Turkish Govern
ment. It may be stated, however, that
his action is thoroughly commended by
the officials and he will be supported to
the utmost In his protest. While it can
not be so stated officially, no doubt is en
tertained here that the action of the
Turkish Government is directly attributa
ble to the secret influence of some Con
tinental powers whose position in resist
ance to the demands of the United States
for the admission of American meat pro
ducts might be strengthened could they
point to similar exclusive action by other
opwers based on sanitary, considerations.
CAPTAIN OF
POLICE THOMAS
IS INDICTED
New York Grand Jury Finds
, Three True, Bills w
Against Him.
Convicted Practically on His Own
Testimony for Failure to Close
¦ : '*;l Notorious Resorts in the
Tenderloin. . _ *
, NEW YORK. March 29.— The investiga
tion into the charges, that vice flourished
openly in this city under police protec
tion reached a sensational climax to-day
when the Grand Jury returned three in
dictments against Police Captain Andrew
J. Thomas, Tn command of the tenderloin
precinct.
For nearly two weeks the Grand Jury,
of which George H. Putnam, the pub
lisher, is foreman, has been considering
the conditions . of the tenderloin precinct.
True i bills were found against Captain
Thomas under section 154 of the Penal
Code, which provides that the failure of
any public officer to: fulfill his duty id
guilty of a misdemeanor. I'he offense Is
punishable by a fine of $500 or . by one
year's imprisonment or by. both such fine
and imprisonment.
Specifically Captain Thomas is charged
with failing to close the resorts in tfie
tenderloin, such as the Tivoll, Bohemia,
Haymarket, Arcadia, Peking, etc., against
which a public crusade has been waged
for nearly a month.
The indicted man was convicted prac
tically, on his ownr testimony and that of
Policeman Barry, a roundsman of. his
precinct, although on the same case Dr.
Parkhurst, two of his detectives and many
others tesuued before the Grand Jury. '
Ceptaln Thomas admitted on the stand
that resorts complained of. were open
nightly In his precinct. In this he was
corroborated by Roundsman Barry and all
the other Witnesses. .
Captain Thomas was not arrested to
night. He .will, appear . before Recorder
Goff to-morrow. ' Chief of Police Dever/
was informed of the Indictment and wh«n
asked if he would suspend Captain
Thomas said:' "L shall not suspend Cap
tain Thomas on such trivial charges, ihe
whole affair is nonsensical."
Captain Thomas himself was not offi
cially notified of the Indictment and he
said he did not believe any indictment
against him had been found.
ASK RETENTION
OF TROOPS AT
COEUR D'ALENE
Citizens Place Petition Be
fore the Secretary .
of War:
Developments of the Congressional
Inquiry Show That a Large Num
ber of People Do Not Want
Soldiers Removed. •
¦ ? _
WASHINGTON. March 29.— The Coeur
d'Alene investigation opened to-day with
no outward evidence of the exciting
events of yesterday, although there was
considerable good-natured raillery among
members as to when the "first round"
would be called. Governor Steunenberg
was again on the^»tand, with Representa.
tive Lentz conducting the cross-examina
tion.
The evidence was on unimportant de
tails until Governor Steunenberg ' was
questioned as to a recent petition from the
Coeur d'Alene district asking the Secre
tary of War to retain -Federal troops
there. This petition has not yet been pre
sented to the Federal authorities, and the
committee went Into executive session to
determine what to do with the document.
The committee decided in- executive ses
sion to file the petition from the Coeur
d'Alenes with the Secretary of War, and
in the meantime It will not be made pub
lic. It Is understood, however, that it is
an r extensive document, bearing about
1500 names, and states in substance that
while people at a distance may regard
the policy adopted by the Governor and
military authorities as harsh, yet that the
signers fully uphold the policy adopted,
and consider it necessary to overcome the
lawlessness and disorder, which it states
has existed for some time. It requeststhe
Secretary of War to continue the guard
of troops in the Coeur d'Alene district. .
Governor Steunenberg's • examination
was resumed at the open session, develop
ing little additional evidence, and at the
noon hour the committee adjourned until
to-morrow.
COST OF THE
TRANSPORTS IN
THE SERVICE
Enormous Sums Expended
in Maintaining the .-^
Various Vessels, r- - .
Acting Secretary Meiklejohn Sends a
Beport From the Quartermas-
ter's Department to the
Senate.
WASHINGTON. March 29.— Acting Sec
retary Meiklejohn has sent a report from
the quartermaster general to the Senate
in reply to a resolution of January 9 last,
calling upon the Secretary' of War for a
list of all transport ships and, other ves
sels purchased or chartered by the War
Department since March 4. 1897. together
with their names, from whom purchased
or chartered, the cost of purchase or char
ter, the cost of fitting up or repair and
the number and names of vessels sold and
the reasons for such action.
The department's answer is In the form
of three large, tables, replying specifically
to the various inquiries of the Senate.
From these it appears that only one ves
sel was sold, the steam tug Atlantic,
which was worn out and condemned. 1 She
brought $1509. The transport Hooker,
whien was fitted up for laying a deep-sea
cable in the Philippines, grounded near
Corregidor Island while en route from
Manila to Hongkong and was lost. The
steam lighter .Bessie became the property
of the Government under the terms of the
charter lor $ll',; > 07 und was renamed the
Kearney.
It is shown that thirteen . vessels have
been purchased by the quartermaster's
department since March 4, liSl, exclusive
of those purchased for- the army trans
port service for transportation Incident to
the Spanish war. These included the
ferry-ooat John Hancock, the steam tugs
General Hunt, Martha and John Barry
and ten steam launches, at a total cost of
J112.479, .with $9225 tor repairs. Forty-nine
vessels of all classes were purchased for
the army transport service , during and
feince the Spanish war. Including about
twenty-five . small craft, such as tugs,
launches and lighters, purchased ¦in the
Philippines. The total purchase price ot
these vessels was $$,074,455 and the total
cost of refitting and repairing was $5,189,
093. The most expensive vessels were the
transports Grant, Logan, Sherman, Sheri
dan. Thomas and Hancock. The purchase
price of the- first five named was $660,000
each, and that ot the. Hancock, $600,000.
The expense of fitting up these vessels
ia stated as follows: ,
Hancock $543,516, Grant $328,459, Logan
$4t3,WS. Sheridan $339,169, Sherman $526.90.4,
Thomas $336,365. .'lt thus appears that' the
Hancock, ' Logan and . Sherman cost | over
one million dollars each and the other
three named a slightly less amount. J The
purchase price for the transport Meade
was $400.000, ; and $374,000 was expended' ln
fitting her up. •?.-.:
The purchase price of the Sumner was
$160,594 and $250.0u0 additional was expend
ed in fitting her up. The original cost of
the hospital ship- Relief was $450,000 and
$265,591 was expended in her transforma
tion.
The hospital ship Missouri has cost the
Government so far 1430,612, of. which a lit
tle more than half was expended in adapt
ing her to hospital purposes. Two of the
Urge transports. Burnslde and Hooker,
are captured Spanish steamers.
All the principal transports were ac
quired under the terms of their charters
and were paid for out of the appropriation
for the national defense. There were 147
vessels chartered for the transport serv
ice at a total cost of $10,673,519 for services
rendered, and a total cost of $1,5!»4.342 in
restoring them to their original condition
on cancellation of charters. ;. Of the char
tered vessels seventy-nine were attached
to the Atlantic fleet at -a cost for service
of $2.852.254 and for repairs of $175,680. The
remaining sixty-eight chartered vessels
were employed on the Pacific Coaatat a
cost of Jv.749,235 for service and $107,608 for
repairs. -
Jap, Adderson'a beat G. . Li. ; Sobey
O. P. Dlllflock, Senor de Lopez' lieutenant..
C M. Brailley
Oscar Beaver, a poiit<* assassin :...-.... h
Alt re<l Haalacher
Dick Hangers, terror of the trail. ..C. B. Strohn
Lnn Wlnehart, naturally 'bad P. H. -Wright
f'lyde d»> IJraccecy, a man with a charmed
life Bristow Adams
T. .lreland Sharkey Carl Morrow
.Tames Jeffries .CcMl Marrack
IU»l<»n Osborno, Stanford heiress
Miss Chrlstabel Sobey
Mrs. Taylor, who Is a mother to every
body Miss Christina Rose
Maud FSlake, the indispensable ingenue....
Miss Emmabelle Zucker
May ..Miss Huth Stephenson
Anne Mies Alice Joiner
r^RKV Miss Ruth Taylor
To-morrow Is junior day, when all uni
versity work will be suspended until after
the Kaster vacation.
In the morning at 9:30 the InterclasS
field day contest for the championship
cup will be held. Santa Clara meets the
varsity on the college diamond in the aft
ernoon. The junior promenade dance in
the evening will close the festivities of the
day. •• J - : •¦ y vv*».
WORK OF THE
PHILIPPINE
COMMISSION
Primary Purpose Will Be
Establishment of Civil
Government.
Scope of the New Body Will Be Much
More Extended Than Was That
of Its Recent Pre- . :
d?oessor.
"WASHINGTON, March 29.— The Philip
pine, Commission met to-day and agreed
upon the personnel of th» staff that I? to
I accompany the commission to Manila
They. agreed en certain outlines which
they will follow in their work in the Phil
ippines. '," These -will- be submitted to the
Secretary of War this afternoon.
tt By appointment the; commission waited
on secretary Root about 3 o'clock in the
, ajfternoon; and they spent -three hours be
hind closed doors in earnest, conference.
At the conclusion- of the conference the
Secretary said that the discussion had
1 covered the probable scope of the work of
the commission : for: the next two years.
So far he hud not been able to present the
Commissioners written instructions, and
what, passed to-day was rather prepara
tory t'> the reception of those instruc
tions. ; It was not the- intention at this
time to.mrjke the instructions public, but
it.mipht br stated in general terms, the
Secretary paid, that the new commission
would have much broader powers in deal
ing with the problems arising In the Phil
ippines than; had its predecessor. The
primary purpose was the establishment of
local civil government throughout the isl
and. In the selection of the civil officers
the commission would have a free hand.
When asked, whether the civil authorities
would dominate the military, the Secre
tary contented himself with the reply that
as he saw it.no question was likely to
urise on that . point; there . would be no
chance. for friction.
The. commission will meet again to-mor
row and will continue the conference with
Secretary Root, In the afternoon. That
will be the last meeting of the full com
mission In Washington before the depart
ure' for -Manila. The members will dine
with the President at the White House
to-morrow evening, and to-morrow night
three of them. General Wright, Judge Ide
and .Professor Worcester, will go to their
homes to prepare their private affairs for
a two years' absence in the Philippines.
Judge Tnft. the chairman of the commis
sion, goes to New York on Saturday, but
will return to Washington before starting
on his voyage. Professor Moses also
leaves Saturday, going directly to his
home tn California. The commission will
gather at San Francisco on April 12 and
will sail for Manila on the lath on the
army transport Hancock.
The personnel of the attaches £.nd staff
has been practically completed, but Judge
Taft preferred to defer the announcement
of their names until to-morrow In order to
comply with certain necessary formalities.
EVIDENCE TO
HANG GOVERNOR
OF KENTUCKY
Witness in the Goebel Case
Makes Startling States ; ; ,C
ments.
Declares That if Prisoner Youtzey
Should Confess What.he Knows
Taylor's Life Would be.
in Danger. ' . J-
LEXINGTON. Ky. .March 29. — The
Morning Herald of this city will print to
morrow the folio-wing special from Win
chester. Ky. :
"If Youtzey will tell what I think he
knows he can hang Taylor and .destroy
the Republican party. I feel pure that
I can arrange for enough of the appro
priation for Youtzey to make him and
his wife comfortable for the rest of their
lives. Culton is going to confess in the
morning and Youtzey had better get in
while he can. The money is going and
he miffht as w*»ll have his phare."
The above is what James AnCrew Scott
said at the Reese House Monday night.
He »«? addressing N. H. Witherspoon
and Judge C. S. French, respectively
brother - in - law and father - in - law
of Youtzey. Scott had telephoned With
erspoon early in the afternoon, "Meet me
at the Reese House on the quiet," and he
had been promptly met. Judge French
¦was later railed, as the head of the fam
ily, who should be consulted in a matter
of such Importance. The party ttayed in
consultation until midnight, Scott Insist
ing that -Youtzey should confess and make
himself rich, while the others listened
passively a nd then replied:
" Youtzey has told all he knows and can
ray. r<i*hinsr more."
Srott dwelt en the point t na t Culton
would confess the next day, and unless
Youtzey pot tn his story first the other
man would pet away with the money, but
neither Witherspoon nor French would ac
cede to the request for Scott to go to
Frankfort and advise Youtzey to tell a
etory which would hang Taylor and darn
age the Republican party.
Scott Bald Youtzey would have to leave
the Btate because of the feeling aroused,
but that he would have money to sweeten
hi* exile. The story' was told freely on
the streets to-day, and It was further
etated that Brott had assured Wither
spoon and French that they would be
further communicated with before any at
tempt should be made to arrest Youtzej*.
The report of this arrest was therefore a.
surprise.
DETECTIVES WORKING
ON ADDITIONAL CLEWS
Dick Combs, the Negro, Held on a
Capias, May Be Charged With.
Goebel's Murder. -
FRANKFORT. Ky.. March 29.— The
scene of action in hunting down the per-
Bons suspected of complicity in the assas
sination of Goebel his shifted to other
points In the State temporarily at least.
All of the detectives and others who have
been working on the case have gone, leav
ing affairs here to be watched after by
the local officers. The arrest of "Tallow"
Dick Combs, the negro, at Beattyville, on
an old capias from the Clark Circuit
Court, it is understood, may be followed
later by a warrant charging him v.ith
complicity in the Goebel murder. The ar
ie.s=t on the oldcapia's was for the purpose
of preventing him from getting away in
case he Is wanted.
6ince the detectives left last night there
have been all sorts of reports as to whom
they are after. •
Combs was convicted in this city two
year* apo of running a blind tiger and
flned $4000. which would have kept him in
jail for more than twelve years. Shortly
after his conviction Combs escaped nnd
the authorities had heard nothing from
him until the confession of Wharton
Golden at Frankfort.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take L<axative Bromo ' Quinine , Tablets. * All
drucglsts refund the money if It falls to cure
E. W. G rove' » signature U on each box.' «oc.
DEATH OF J. E. McMULLIN .
Popular Station Agent at Santa Rosa
Passes Away.
SANTA ROSA. March 29.— Joseph E.
McMullln, the station agent of the Cali
fornia . Northwestern Railroad, died at 5
o'clock'. this morning from pneumonia.;
"Joe" McMullin was popular with the
community, and much sorrow is expressed
over the news of his death. What is sad
der still he leaves a, widow and six-month
old baby. He was about £5 years old.
' The officials of the California and
Northwestern were grieved to hear of the
death of McMullin. It was Known that he
had been sick with a cold for the ¦ past
few days, but there was no idea' enter
tained that It would result fatally. He
was formerly agent at Shellville and was
regarded as a rising railroad man. His
brother, W. J. McMullin, is assistant gen
eral freight and passenger agent of the
California and Northwestern, and his
brother, George : McMullin, is train dis
patcher at Point Tiburon.
VISIT OF THE QUEEN.
Preparations for -the Visit to Ireland
Nearing Completion.
I LONDON, - March 29.— ArranKements for
, the. Queen's * visit _to I Dublin are .rapidly
nearingr completion."- Two detachments of
Life Guards left. London this evening to
act as the royal escort, and trials of the
royal' trains ; have been - completed ' along
the entire route. . , ?;•; . ;
1 Gerald Balfour, Chief Secretary for Ire
land, who is just recovering: from a seri
ous . Illness,* will ; leave . to-morrow to meet
the -Queen, who will probably be accom
panied by 'Lord Lansoowne, Secretary, of
State for .War.
Valuable Ranch Sold.
>¦ SANTA ROSA/ March l 29.^-A local real
estate man' has « effected ': the ' sale -of the
famous Rancho Guaymas del Pendra, in
' Southern California, -,i the & property :> con
sisting of 12,000 acres. • The vast estate was
formerly owned by the Arguello family,
now of Santa Clara County. ¦Herbert C.
Thompklns of San Francisco Is the pur
chaser,': the price -being J67.000. •'¦.>.< >' (
- ¦ " - ; :- : ¦ .'-' ¦¦? ¦:¦- . -¦¦. • *>: •
to gain possession of this money by kill
ing St. Clair. when it is hoped Lopez can
win the hand and heart of the heiress,
and the money will be divided. In due
course of time St. Olair disappears and
Helen and Lopez are married. After fa
gorgeous wedding scene Lopez quarrels
with his ro-conspirators» and Is slain. As
the groom is breathing his last Guy St.
Cloir bursts upon the scene and is joy
ously received by his old sweetheart. The
entire play is filled with plots and coun
terplots, through which a majority of the
cast is killed off. ' The characters bore
their parts well and deserve much credit
for the brilliant success of the evening.
Following is the cast:
CAST. .
Sanor Ruiz de Lopez, who loves * Helen Os
bnrn»"s money .Frank B. Rlley
C!uy .St. Clalr. who lnves Helen Osborne....
i : ...C. A. Kenyon
Anthony Poole. Helen's uncle and guardian,
in leapue with the senor... J. O. de Forrest
Ole Jlngsen, a victim of circumstances. .*..
i AY. M. Erb
Clarence Hare. Helen's cousin, who finds
out a thing or two Eugene Warren
Scene From the Farce, "All but Two," Enacted by Juniors at Stanford.
QTANFORD UNIVERSITY. March
29.— The junior class festivities were
opened to-night at Stanford Unlver
i) dlty by the presentaUon of a clever
¦^"^ farce entitled "All but Two'- before
a large and enthusiastic college audience.
The play was presented in the new as
sembly hall, which had been specially
decorated for the occasion. New staging
effects consisting of "quad" and campus
scenes had much to do with the complete
success of the affair.
The farce is the work of W. M. Erb '01.
who also took a leadins part In the cast.
The plot is laid In the midst of college
surroundings, the hero. Guy St. Clalr. be
inß a Stanford man who fa engaged to
He'en Osborne, an heiress with untold
fortunes. By a provision of the will left
by Helen's father $1.500,(XJ0 is left to the
man who marries her.
Helen's uncle and jaruardfan. Anthony
Poole, conspires with the villain. Senor de
Lopez, the leader of a band of Mexicans,
y-H-H-i'-H'i'iiij'i i h-i-i-i-h-i-H'-i-m :i : i-h i-m i i-h-m-i-m ii i i
CATARRH CURED!
I $uiUU A mull IHi
| ALL MEDICINES, APPLIANCES, ETC., EREE.
t . -\~':S; - — ! ¦
t WE CURE THE MOST SEVERE
t CASES IN SIXTY DAYS . .
** *j^V " ~ff * This Disgnsting and Dan-
111 1 f*iL p ibj? gerons,. Disease Poisons
ii ; tS**T :/*k^^li^f lhe ss y stem — How tne
I % Germs Destroy
\X *C% tl &sB&"^^ It's just a? important, from a
J. ggCSS^T} A^v/^fc|" J^^^k health standpoint, to cleanse the
T jSi Jf'^r^' ft • ™ a ' r passages of tns head as It is
X ¦;'«'' j3sfflDV v-n j^fl to 'take a bath. The' catarrhal
? »J '-Jd AsJZ&^Jr mucous discharges from the mi m-
!- Ir^ffi' ra^*S?k branes of the head are acrid
T ' O^i**? .^V ¦^JwSrP?-*' pollution, as dangerous as s:ptic
[.{. "'^r^v., >- y <f.'?Lj^ ; ' pus from a neglected wound.
| JL* : v' These discharges drop down into
IT Pii/o Pnr»tnre All the bronchial tubes, the lungs and
V . TIVB bOCTOISi All opßGldllJ>lsi stomach; destroy the air cells,
X E«tcblished twenty-six years causs consumption and eat out the
j.% Incorpora ed voder the laws of Call- Uninz of the stomach; the food Is
j t , fcrpla for $250.000- iVj but f erments .
V: • The time-tried and never-falllne treatment of the English and German Ptoystclan*
T quickly destroys these deadly' germs. Their soothing balms, and healing oils restore
X the membranes to a healthy condition, while ' a thorough constitutional treatment
J. tones up and relnvlgorates the whole system.
I ' DANGEROUS SYMPTOMS:
4- I« the nose stopped up? Have you a couch?
J. Does your nose <l!scharEe? Do you take cold easily?
i. Is the nose sore and tender? Have you rain in side?
J. Is there a dropping In the throat? Do you rai?*' frothy material.
T Is the throat dry in the mornings? Do you coush in the morning.
T Do you sUep with the mouth open? , Do you spit up little cheesy lumps? _
•t* • ¦ ' Do you feel you ar.e growing weaker?
f Do Not Defy Fate— Heed These Warnings and Stop the Disease
T Before It Reaches the Lungs.
S NO INJURIOUS REMEDIES.
• Xv? .The English and German Physicians have & large and welt-stocked private labora-
X tory. A competent druggist fills all prescriptions for patients of the institution fr-«
X of charge. No minerals or dangerous drugs are ever dispensed— nothing but the ex-
5 tracts of buds, barks, berries, roots, herbs, leaves and flowers being used.
¦f Do not waste time, money and health on patent medicines and
V Eastern frauds, but get cured by America's successful catarrh
•• specialists.
:: Consultation Free— Home Cures.
V,\..V You can, learn all about your physical condition by consulting the English and G«r-
•J* man Expert Specialists. It will cost you absolutely nothing, no matter whether you
•|* take treatment or not. Tou cannot know too much about your ailment, and It Ja rare,
*|* Indeed, that such a combination of skilled physician* offers to give. fre« of charge.
* * the benefit of their long years of study, research and txperUnca.
:: English and German Physicians,
731 MARKET STREET, San Francisco.
•§* T«»lr-«=«k t- Ickimtnr- I ¦ HOURS — 8 to S dally; Cvesinga. T to I;
4* . * alt " cieuoion | Sundays. Bto 11. ~^- *;>¦.-
FOUNDER of
TOPEKA CALLED
BY THE REAPER
Colonel C K. Holliday Suc
cumbs to au Attack of
Hear!; Disease.
Was the First Mayor of the City,
Prominent in Public Life and
Started the . Santa. Fe
»
FpeciaJ Difpaich to The CmJI.
TOPEKA. Kans.. March ».-Colonel C.
K. Holliday. founder of the Santa Fe
.Railroad System ar.d one of the founders
of the city of Topeka, died at his resi
dence in Topoka to-day aftt:r an illr.fss
of two weeks. Heart failure was the
cause of his demise. He leaves an estate
valued at over half a million dollars.
By the death of Colonel Holliday there
has passed away the most conspicuous
of Kansas pioneers. He came to this
etate in 1554 ar.d for nearly half a cen
tury took a prominent part in Kansas af
fairs. He hold a number of State ofilees.
j-erved BcvWal terms in both branches of
the. Legislature, was the first Mayor of
Topeka and was the first president of the
hanta Fe.
Associated with Colonel Holliday in the
founding- of Topeka were the late Charles
Robirson and Samuel J. Crawford, both
of whom afterward became Governors ot
Kansas. After iayir.R out the town site
of Topeka Colont-I Holliday led the flpht
which resulted in the selection of Topeka
as the capital cf the Slate. In the eari>
days the people of Kansas were "hampered
t>y the lack ot facilities to get their prod
uct* to market. Colonel Holliday con
ceived the* idea of a railroad. He imme
diately began work on it ar.d the railway
eystexn that now extends from Chicago
to the Pacific Cotst and the iJulf of Mcx- |
ieo stands as a great monument to his ef
forts. His original idea was to build a
railroad to iht? City of Mexico and San
Francisco. When he unfolded his plans
to the moneyed men of the East they
laughed at him. Their laughter had no
effect upon him. He was indefatigable In
his effort and at last was successful fn
floating sufficient bonds to start the laying
of the rails 1 . The construction started
both ways out of Topeka. When the con
struction pane reached Osape City, forty
miles west cf Topeka.. a jubilee was held.
In a speech Cokinel Hollidajr predicted the
road would become one of the great
transcontinental line? of the country. He
orpanis<»d the company and was made its
first president. He has been on the direc
torate ever since, being one of the heav
iest stockholders in the company.
Topeka people refer to him as "the
faxher of Topeka"; the Santa Fe officials
as "the father of the Santa Fe."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 30, 1900.\,
JUNIOR FESTIVITIES USHERED
IN BY A CLEVER FARCE
>i ! ¦•¦.";-''••¦¦ V:- r - '• ¦ . - -; ' ' - £
O -, . . Cronja to ; be. .banished '- to. 9.
+*': Saint Helena! E« is doomed O
+ Sto_the exile suffered by Napo— X
O leon. The Sunday Call of *
Z , April ; 1 will ; tell . you more O
X about it : all'than ' any other £
9 paper.; -¦. ¦¦'-. % .;•-•* :.v ; ,;,- / +
Friday and Saturday Specials I
Friday and Saturday we will place on sale
fifty dozen silk front shirts. These shirts are for
spring and. summer wear and come in stylish,
seasonable shadings. The assortment comprises
delicate- stripes in all imaginable colors. The
bosom is made of silk and the rest of the body
is; made of a good wearing material.
These shirts are good dollar values, but as a
special for two days only they will be sold for
Neckwear
A two days' special in neckwear. One
hundred dozen regular 50c scarfs, comprising all
the latest -patterns in tecks and four-in-hands,
will be sold for • »
25c
Out-of-town orders will be filled.
718 Market Street. I
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.DR. MEYERS & CO.
MEN ONLY— CONSULTATION FIfCE.
PRIVATE BOOK. DIAGNOSIS SHEETS,
•tc. free, offica or mall. Home cures. AJ-
Tlc« free.
731 Market St., S. F.
HQyßS— Dally. 9 to 5: Evenings. 7 to 8: Sun-.
days. 9 to 11. Elevator entrance.^
ticket purchasers are given coupons en
titling them to vote for their favorites.
Mayor Clark says that he has completed
arrangements for a magnificent carriage
in which the Queen is to ride on May
day. Great arches of plaster, imitating
marble, will span the street and support
long colonnades In the vicinity of Capitol
Park and the pageant promises to eclipse
anything of the kind ever seen In North
ern California.
Reports received from" various localities
In this section indicate that there will be
.thousands of strangers In Sacramento
"during the week of the street fair and
trades carnival, from April 30 to May 5.
The floral parade, over which the Queen
is to reign, will be given under the aus
pices of the Native Sons and Daughters
of the Golden West.
Those popular, full-weight 2-lhw
squares of best creamery butter to-dajj
at
40 cents
For the first time in the history of this
fine mark. Other squares of butter 33
cents.
Direct shipment of high-class rancH
eggs. Large, bright and warranted-
fresh.
15 cents
When you can save money, why not
do it? — we agree!
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S. F.
LOS ANGELES, March 29.— St Louis
tdbk the Pacific Coast Jobbers' Associa
tion .by surprise' before the Interstate
Commerce Commission - this morning by
the Introduction of J. R. Newberry. a
retail and Jobbing grocer of Los Angeles,
who testified that the freight differentials
have.^been disastrous to retailers.. -He
Btateo..; that the differentials have made
possible a combine among the jobbers in
groceries whereby they raised prices from
5 to 20 per cent above former prices. .He
conforms his Jobbing rates to those set
forth in the printed price list Issued ' by
the jobbers, and illustrated the effect of
the combine by saying that he retails
canned corn at 90 cents per dozen and
Jobs it at $L Many varieties of goods, he
stated, are based on adding the differen
tials to the selling price of Eastern 1 Job
bers.' He stated that when the present
rates were established In June, 1898, prices
of groceries were advanced by the Job
;bers 5 to 20 per cent, and he was informed
that unless he conformed to the rates
established by them they would not sell
to him. The witness agreed to furnish
.the Commissioners with a copy of the
printed price list Issued by the Jobbers.
C. C. Pixley, a retail hardware man of
Orange, testified against the differentials,
which he claimed to be detrimental to
general retail business on the coast, re
stricting the purchasing market.
John McFadden, a hardware dealer of
Santa Ana, testified that when the pres
ent rates were established coast' jobbers
advanced prices, Eastern Jobbers grant-
Ing allowances on freight to offset differ
entials.
Ira Hill, a dealer In hardware in the
same town, testified to the same effect,
adding that the differentials have caused
a restriction of the purchasing market to
such an extent that it Is difficult to meet
the requirements of his customers. He
introduced in evidence a circular bearing
the title Pacific Coast Price List, giving
prices which the witness said Rre enforced
by Jobbers along the entire coast. It was
accompanied with another circular giving
discounts from the prices. No firm or
associated name appeared on either cir
cular.
Fruit Growers' Complaints.
At 11:30 o'clock the case was submitted
to the Commissioners and the case of the
United Forwarding Company and the
Southern California Fruit Exchange
against the Southern Pacific and Santa
Fe roads was called. Judge C. A. Sterry.
representing the Santa Fe. said that he
would move that each article in the com
plaints be stricken out, the railroads
holding that with possibly one exception
they raised issues over which the commis
sion lacks jurisdiction.
At the afternoon session he addressed
the Commissioners for about two hours,
taking the ground that the railroads are
simply neutral parties to this controversy,
which is in reality between the car lines
and the citnis fruit shippers. He claimed
that the Commissioners lack Jurisdiction
in dealing with the questions brought be
fore them, particularly the one charging
the roads with maintaining a pool on
citrus fruit shipments.- He Insisted that
the questions raised are unusual ones and
thought the Commissioners were not yet
prepared to. consider them.. He claimed
that there was no charge that the alleged
contract between the railroads ¦ and : thft
car lines resulted In the roads taking Il
legal profits therefrom and that conse
quently It - was not a matter, for consid
eration by the Commissioners. He thought
the Commissioners should bring the real
parties to the controversy— the car lines—
before them. Instead of making the rail
roads the defendants. He denied that
the act to regulate commerce has affected
the right of the railroads to maintain such
agencies for carrying on their business as
Is thought by them to be best-
Attorney Hunsaker replied on behalf of
the complainants, giving citations show
ing: that the responsibility of refrigeration
rests on the railroads, regardless of any
contractB, and arguing that the roads
cannot delegate that responsibility. The
attorney quoted Vice President Stubba of
the Southern Pacific as saying that E. T.
Earle had been the heaviest shipper of
citrus fruits and that he had forced the
railroads to accept and use his car.lln*.
and he maintained that the railroads giv#
undue preference to Earle. He denied
that the commission had Jurisdiction over
the Carolines, who are mere servants of
the roads and not common carriers.
Duty of Commissioners.
Chalrman Clements said that the Com
missioners did' not consider it Incumbent
at* this, time- to decide all .the questions
raised; some of the questions now being In
the courts.. but he thought it best to pro
ceed to take all the evidence possible, as
It is a part of the duty of the Commis
sioners to report to Congress on all mat
ters affecting freights. The fruit busi
ness, he declared, had grown to immensa
proportions during the last fifteen years
and the application of new method* had
been necessary. To the success of this
Industry both the railroads and the grow
ers have contributed. Legislation affect-
Ing freights, as well as the railroad busi
ness, has been the result of common evo
lution, which has »eemed at times to move
slowly, but which !s nevertheless con
stantly progressing. As Charles Francis
Adams once said. It is desirable for the
Commissioners to help turn on the Hcht,
allowing all sides to present facts In full,
and It was the opinion of the Commission
ers that they should proceed with the tes
timony. If there Is Injustice in the pres
ent method that should be corrected as
soon as possible under the present laws
and If the laws are defective that should
be ascertained with a view to securing a
correction of them.
Petitions Filed-
Attorneys for Armour & Co. and E. T.
Earle, owners of fruit car linen, filed peti
tions In Intervention, to which objection
was raised by the complainants.
The Commissioners ruled that the peti
tions should be granted.
The complainants gave notice that they
had made a demand on the railroads for
the contracts between the railroads and
the car lines and W. F. Herrin presented
copies of the contracts between the South
ern Pacific and the car lines. The latter
misunderstood a Question of the com
plainants' attorney and replied that there
would be no copy of the contract agree
ment between the Southern Pacific and
Santa Fe roads for the" division of profits,
for the reason that no such contract
exists.
To give the attorneys an opportunity to
examine the documents filed the Commis
sioners adjourned at 4:30 o'clock.
RETAILERS OPPOSED
TO DIFFERENTIALS
Testimony Before Commerce Commis
sion Surprises Jobbers'
Association.
FREE TRADE PLAN FOR
PORTO RICO DEFEATED
Significant Vote in the Senate Shows
the Tariff and Government Bill
Will Be Passed.
WASITIKGTOX. March 29.— A direct
vote was taken by the Senate to-day on
the proposition to strike from the Porto
Rlcan mt-asure the proposition levying 13
per cent of the Dingl«ry law duties on
Porto Rico products. The proposition was
defeated by a vote of 16 to 33. While the
\*ote Is regarded as presaging the passage
of the pending measure. It Is not regarded
ns Indicating the final vote on the bill.
The feature of the debate was the speech
of Bevcridgre. While he advocated reci
procity between the United States and
Porto Rico, he announced that If all ef
forts to secure free trade should fail he
would support the pending bill. The bill
was under discussion throughout the ses-
Flcn. several Important amendments being
agreed to.
When the Senate opened the conference
r«"i>crt on the diplomatic and consular ap
propriation bill was agreed to.
A concurrent resolution offered by Cul
bertson of Texas directing the Secretary
of War and the Secretary of the Xavy to
fce«>p "seasonably advised the families of
wounded soldiers and sailors of the con
dition of men" was agreed to.
Consideration of the Porto Rlcan tariff
and povernment bill was then resumed,
Beveridge of Indiana addressing the Sen
ate in support of the proposition for free
trade Ix'twpen the United States and the
Islands of Porto Rico. Bi»verldge scJd:
For Freedom of Trade.
I faror Immediate reciprocity and I shall
sro on record as voting for amendments giv
ing immolate and unrestricted freedom of
trade to our Island of IVirto Rico. But If we.
In the Senate, who believe that Porto Rico
Fhould have reciprocity at once are not able
to so amend the bill here. I Fhall, after voting
for reciprocity amendments, vote for the civil
irovemment Mil as modified l<y the committee,
because we must tint .!<>ny civil government
to the people of Porto Klco a moment longer,
and bt-cause the bill as mofllfM Insures free
trade with Porto Rico as «>->n as the civil
ginernir.rat of that Island provides a sys
»em of taxation or Its own. So that the
eooner Porto Woo gets civil government the
Quicker It will get fife trade under the mod
ifications which the committee has made. I
fhould be glad If the bill could be co separated
that we mlpht vote for civil government with
out the revenue feature, although the com
mittee ha* modified that feature so as to ln
eure early freedom of trade. Hut. as the bill
ft&nd>. unless w« can amend It, we must
vote for It as modified by the committee or
elee vote against civil government altogether
end civil government must no longer be de
nied to the people of Porto Rico. Delay of
civil government to these people Is dental of
Justice. And so I shall vote for the civil
government bill because It does establish civil
government at once and because under the
modification by the committee It also estab
lishes absolute reciprocity in the near future.
Master People of the World.
Mr. President, the preat movement on which
the American people have embarked is a move
ment of conscience as well as of power; of
civilization as well as of commerce. Directly
It affects all humanity. We go forth on a
¦world career; we must conduct It with a
¦world statesmanship— a statesmanship that
cr>nelder» the effect of every law we pass upon
the. peoples over whom our Influence Is ex
tending and upon the world at large as well
as upon ourselves.
Sir. administration of #;3Terament means
more than balance sheets: more than- weights
or measure*. It means this, but It also means
the weirtinfc of the hearts of men and the
baJance sheet* of the affections of the gov
erned people. The American masses. In whose
t>rea*t« dwell the purity, power and hope of
the rr-puMlc and of the world, understand this
well. They feel and deeply know that we
are henceforth the master people of th« world;
they d^ubt not that human progress Is one
vast and Fwelllns; harmony, which not even
all the discords of history can destroy, and
they mean that in all thai divine and splendid
corn ;x* it lon. the noblest, highest, purest, the
tenJer^t ncte shall b« that struck by the
American people as the sovereign power of the
earth.
Foraker then asked that the- Senate
proceed with the consideration of amend
ments.
Defeat of Amendments.
The first amendment was one Imposing
a duty of 5 cents a pound upon, coffee Im
ported from Porto Rico.
I'ettus of Alabama moved to strike out
the amendment, which motion involved
the question whether a tax could be lm
po.=oa upon products Imported Into Porto
*ilco which was not imposed on the same
jircKlucts imported Into other parts of the
Vnlt^d States."
Galllnger defended the amendment of
the committee. During the Spanish re
plme, he paid, a tariff had been Imposed
upon coffee Imported Into Porto Rico be
cause the coffee raised there Is regarded
a-« the best in the world and It was de
rided to prevent it from being ppoiled by
beinir blended with Inferior brands.
Pettus' amendment was defeated— l 3 to
Bacon of Georgia offered an amendment
In the form of a substitute for sections 2
and 3 of the committee bill, establishing
the regular Dlngley tariff rates of duty
on articles Imported from foreign coun
tries into Porto Rico and providing that
no duti«-s shall be levied upon articles Im
ported into Porto Rico from the United
States or Into the United States from
Porto Rico. Bacon explained that It was
his purpose to establish In Porto Rico the
tariff syptem in vogue in this country-
Gaillrger said the bill as it stood was
Infinitely more liberal than was the
amendment offered by Bacon.
Lindsay offered an amendment to Ba
con's amendment providing for absolute
free trmif between the United States and
Porto Rico.
Bacon accepted the amendment, and at
hip request the amendment went over un
til to-morrow.
Fre« Trade Plan Defeated.
Pettus of Alabama then moved to strike
out th* provision in the section providing
for a duty of 15 per cent of the Dlngley
law rat's on products of Porto Rico lm'
ported Into this country. The motion of
Pettus was defeated, 16 to 33, as follows: '
Aye*— P.arr.n. Hat*. Kerry, Clark (Mont.),
Clay, Co<-krr-11. Culberson. nan-is. Jones <Ark).
K^nnr, I-indxay, Morgan, Pettus, Sullivan,
Turley, \\>llir.gton-J6.
No*>»— Allison, Baker. Bard, Carter, Chandler.
<~lark <Wyo.>. Oullom, Deboe. Fairbanks,
Foraker. Foster. Frye, Gallinger, Gear.
Hale, ilanna, Hansbrouch. Hawley. Kean,
Kyle. Lo<ljre. McKrlde. McComas. McMillan.
IVrlcin*. 'juarlec, Ilose. Scott, Sewell, Shoup,
£jK>on*T. Warren. Wrtraow — 33.
The following pairs were announced, the last
ramed Ix-ln* opi*,!"vi to the amendment: Mar
t!n-Jone* or Nevada: Dan lei -Pen roue; McLau
rin-Prltchard: Hoar-McEnery; Tallarerro-Ma
*on: TumT-Aldrlrh: Hawlins-WaleoU: Money-
Teller; Caffery-Hurrowe: PettWrrew-Platt of
Connecticut; Klm"n-I>»pe-»-; Chilton-Elklns-
Ileltfeld-Platt of Neu- York; Butler- Beverldße.
No announcement of pairs was made of the
fnUn-wlntf Senators, who wtre absent from the
chamber when their names were called: Allen,
J»avi», McO>ir.J>er. Mallory, Nelson, Proctor,
ttewart, Thurston. Tlllman and West.
Th<» next committee amendment was
that which provided that the Spanish or
native inhabitants of Porto Rico and their
children should be citizens of Porto Rico.
and as such entitled to the protection of
the T.'nitr-d States. ,
Morgan maintained that the people of
Porto Rico were citizens of the United
States, and as such were entitled to the
rights and Immunities prescribed by the
constitution. The amendment, he said,
¦wiis a vain and empty declaration.
It W-came evident that the amendment
could not be disposed of to-day and it was
jiass<-d over until to-morrow.
Morgan offered an amendment to the
Becttoa of the bill which proposes to re
de* m the Porto Rlcan silver coins In
Unlu-d States money, giving £0 cents In
Anurir-an money for the Porto Rlcan
jx-so. The amendment proposed to pay
100 cfnts for the peso. Morgan held that
In th> proposed exchange of coins the
TTnitPd States wag taKlng advantage of
the Porto Rlcans. because the peso con
tained the Fame amount of silver as the
American dollar. The Porto Ricans. he
declared, arc entitled to 100 cents for their
pesos, because that amount of silver in
money would be worth 100 cents on the
dollar.
Jnm-* of Arkansas and Bacon of Georgia
took the same position. Foraker main
tained that the position of the Democratic
Senators was not correct. There was no
Intention to deprive the Porto Ricans of
any value, as the American dollar now
was worth in debt-paying power practi
cally two pesos in Porto Rico. He be
lieved the proposition of the bill was en
tirely liberal to the Porto Rlcans. The
Senate then, at 4:45 p. m., adjourned.
Army Appropriation Bill Passed.
WASHINGTON. March 29.— After four
flays of stormy debate the House to-day
passed the army appropriation bill. As
passed the bill Is only slightly modified
from the form In which Jt came from the
committee. One of the last amendments
adopted opens the soldiers' homes to the
officers and men of the volunteer and reg
ular armies Incapacitated by service dur
ing or since the Spanish war. The chief
incident of the day was a defense of the
War Department against the charge of
reckless" extravagance In the fitting up of
the transport Sumner, made by Drlggs of
New York yesterday. Parker of New Jer
sey produced the itemized expenses fur
nished by the "War Department to show
that there had been no extravagance.
Without opposition the House confirmed
Boreing'p title to his peat. His seat was
contested by Mr. White, another Republi
can, and the report of the committee that
investigated the case was xinanimously in
favor of the sitting member.
FOR
NOME BEACH DIRECT!
BARKENTINE CATHERINE SUDDEN 3ALU9
APRIL. IS. 1300.
For freleht rates apply to the
HOUS BEACH LIGHTERAGE AND TBAKB* '
PORTATJON COMPANY,
:< -: Office: i California »U
n If 1 /tTJ Located on Market
r ALaLI"} 811 "***' ta do—
M. ±\MJ*\\*Li pTo:slmity to bual _
AISIH ness section, placea
Anil of amusement and
m . vri depots: UM rooms.
111/ A Nil m wUh baths at-
UAiilll/ tached. Tnelarsest
• and finert hotels !n
lIATGI C lho ¦* rol ' l<l - Amort-
WOMAN STRANGLED BY
HER SERVING MAID
When Arrested Prisoner Confesses
That Her Crime Was Committed
for the Purpose of Robbery.
VIENNA. March 29.— Leopoldine Ben
ker, nee Braun, .was found dead, yester
day at her home In Budapest, having
been strangled with a string. She had
been living separate from her husband.
A girl who had formerly been in the
service of the dead woman was arrested
and confessed to having committed' the
crime, the object of which was the rob
bery of the victim, who enjoyed an Inde
pendent income.
RECORD-BREAKING TRIP.
H. C. Crowfoot Journeys From Daw-
son to Skaguay in Four Days.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 29.— The
steamer Cutch arrived at midnight last
night from Skaguay. Her two passen
gers, Mrs. Mahoney and H. C. Crowfoot,
made a record breaking trip, arriving in
Vancouver- seven days i and four hours
from the time of leaving Dawson City.
Mrs. Mahoney Is on her way. to Chicago
to visit her. mother, who is ill. She trav
eled day and night by; dog team, while
Crowfoot made the trip from Dawson to
Skaguay by bicycle in four days.
MISS HORLOCKER'S FATE
WILL SOON BE KNOWN
Belief Expressed That Because of
Sympathy No Conviction Will
Be Obtained.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HASTINGS, Nebr.. March 29.— The fate
of Viola Horlocker, who has been on trial
during the past ten days on the charge of
having attempted to kill the wife of her
employer, Mrs. Charles F. Morey, by
sending her a box of poisoned candy on
June 10, 1599, will soon be entirely in the
hands of the Jury, as all the attorneys
have completed their arguments to the
Jury, with the exception of State Attorney
McCraryt who will resume and finish his
argument In the morning. It Is the gen
eral opinion that the Jury will fall to
agree or else the defendant will not be
convicted. Much sympathy Is shown for
her and the arguments of the attorneys
for the State give evidence that sympathy
might result in acquittal.
Judge Ragan made a prolonged argu
ment for the State, In which he scored At
torney Morey, who arose and asked the
protection of the court. At the close of
his argument Judge Ragan became ill and
was taken from the courtroom. A phy
clan was called, who examined the
Judge and sent word that he suffered
from congestion of the brain. Ragan re
cently completed a term as one of he
Judges of the State Supreme Court.
CROWDS AT FUNERAL
OF RABBI ISAAC WISE
Notwithstanding a Heavy Downpour
the • Temple Was Not Large
Enough for the Throng.
CINCINNATI, March 29.— The private
funeral of Rabbi Isaac M. Wise was held
early this morning at the residence. The
remains "lay In state at the Plum-street
Temple from 8:S0 a. m. until 10 a. m. Busi
ness was suspended by all Hebrews In the
city. The graduates of the Hebrew.Unlon
College from all parts of the country were
largely represented among the visitors.
The altar was elaborately draped and will
so remain for thirty days. The chamber
of Dr. Wise will also be draped for one
year and will not be occupied during that
time The active pallbearers were the
graduating classes of the Hebrew Union
College, and the honorary pallbearers were
the trustees of the temple, past presidents
and charter members, with two members
each from other congregations, institu
tions and societies, including the Masonic
lodge of the deceased, the Odd Fellows
and the University of Cincinnati.
Despite the rain the temple was wholly
inadequate to accommodate the throng
that pressed for admittance. A psalm was
sung and Rabbi Phillpson offered prayer.
Rabbi Grosman delivered the funeral ora
tion and the services closed with the sing
ing of another psalm. A long line of car
ringes followed the remains to the ceme
tery on Walnut Hill. At the grave a
prayer was offered by Charles S. Levio of
Peoria, 111.
To Be Rear Admiral.
"WASHINGTON, March 29.— The P.resl
dent to-day nominated Captain Charles C.
Cotton. U. S. N., to be rear admiral.
MAY BE FIGHTING AT
THE CITY OF BOLIVAR
Belief Expressed That General Her-
nandez Is Very Near th« City.
Gunboats Watch Bolando.
Special cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900.' by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad. March 29.—
The mail steamship Bolivar, due here to
day from tl?e city of Bolivar, Venezuela,
to connect with the European mall steam
ships, has not arlved. This fact Is re
garded as an indication cf fighting at the
city of Bolivar. If Is reported that Gen
eral Hernandez Is very near the city.
Three gunboats are near Bolivar, watch
ing the movements of General Rolando,
wno is In command of the Government
forces at Bolivar. .
DEATH OF A. B. HILL.
Has Been Manager of the Sperryi
Flour Mills for Several Years.
STOCKTON, March 29.— A. B. Hill, man
ager of the Sperry flour mills at Stockton
for the past few years, died this evening
at his residence In this city after ah Ill
ness of several weeks from valvular dis
ease of the heart.
Mr. Hill was one of the best mlllmen on
the coast and came here several year*
ago as assistant manager for the Sperry
Flour Company, finally succeeding 1 Col
onel Sperry In charge of the local mills.
Parricide Must Hang .
DEXTER, Mo.. March 29.— Elijah
Moore, aged 18. who murdered the Rev.
Jesse Moore, his father. In this county
November 1 test, was sentenced to-day
to hang May 16. He showed no emotion
when sentence was passed.
(From a Photograph by Varney, Sacramento.)
MISS REBECCA ELLIOTT.
S~*\ ACRAMENTO, March 29.— Miss Re-
V becca Elliott has been leading in
the May Queen contest for several
ii days, although Miss May McAdams,
whose picture was first given to the
public In last Sunday's Call, has been a
close second in the race. Miss Emiela
Metlare has become a favorite with the
voters also and she daily receives sub
stantial additions to her credit. There
are twenty or more contestants and some
lively balloting Is beginning to be man
ifested. In order, to satisfy the public
interest In the contest the carnival com
mittee Is obliged to make announcement
of the votes twice dally. Even the the
atrical companies have taken it up and
FORMER UNITED STATES
SENATOR DEAD
Philetus Sawyer of Wisconsin Passes
Away Having Besn 111 but a
Short Time.
OSHKOSH. Wls., March 29.— Former
United States Senator Philetus Sawyer
died at 9:10 o'clock to-day at the residence
of his son, Edgar P. Sawyer, in this city.
He had long been in 111 health, and his
illness became serious Tuesday afternoon.
The attack first affected the stomach, ex
tending to other organs. He was S4 years
old.
Senator Sawyer had been confined to his
bed only a day, and as he was subject to
similar attacks no particular alarm was
felt. The members of the family were all
abstnt except Mrs. Phil Sawyer Jr., wife
of his grandson. Asking her to remove
his shoes and stockings, although he had
none on. he settled back with a long sigh
and was d<»ad before she realized it.
The funeral services will be held next
Sunday.
Mr. Sawyer was a member of the Ma
sonic and Odd Fellow 'fraternities. An
soon as his death was announced Hags
were placed at half mast all over the
city and expressions of sorrow were gen
eral.
Kx-Senator Sawyer was born in Rut
land County, Vermont. September 22, ISI6.
In 1547 he settled in this section, where he
has lived ever since. He embarked In the
lumber business, through which he
amassed a fortune estimated at from one
to two millions. In ISG4 he was elected to
Congress, where he remained for ten
years, and in ISSI he was elected to the
United States Senate, which position he
held for three terms. He was always a
stalwart Republican. His public bequests
were numerous and generous, amounting
annually to thousands of dollars.
•
FRENCH STEAMER SINKS
AT SANTO DOMINGO
Captain and Officers Take the Only
Boat and Tour Lives Are
Lost.
SANTO DOMINGO, San Domlnro,
March 29.— The French steamer Georges
Crolse. bound to Cuba with cattle and
eighty passengers, is sunk outside this
port. The steamer New York, which has
just arrived here, rendered her assistance
Only four lives were lost by the sinking
01 the steamer. According to a report
the only boat on the steamer was used by
her captain and officers to save them
selves, the surviving passengers and crew
tx>ini? saved by the Clyde line steamer.
It Is said that the accident to the steam
er was caused by the officers leaving her
ports open and water entering the vessel.
REFORMER ABDUCTED.
Kwong-Yu-Pui, a Member of a Chi
nese Party, in Custody.
LOXDON. March 30.— The Hongkong
correspondent of the Times says:
"Kwong-Yu-Pui. a member of the Chi
nese reform party, was recently abducted
from here and taken to Canton. The
Governor of Hongkong and the British
Consul at Canton have protested to Li
Hung Chang, .but Kwong is still de
tained."
Jute Seized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE. March 29.— Deputy United
States Marshal Pugh, acting: under orders
from customs officials at Port Townsend
to-day seized a consignment of ninety
tons of jute, the property of the State of
Washington, en route to the penitentiary
at Walla Walla. The State operates a
jute mill there for making grain sacks,
which are sold only to farmers for sack-
Ing crops grown within this State. The
customs officials claim that the duty has
not been paid on this shipment, but the
details of the affair are not known here.
The Jute was Imported from Calcutta and
arrived here on the Great Northern. It
Is to be held in a warehouse here pending
a decision. United States Attorney Gay
telegraphed Marshal Pugh from Seattle
Instructions as to procedure, and asked to
be advised if the State authorities make
an effort In the State court to recover
possession.
Eagleson <£ Go.'s
Spring Opening.
All the Latest Novelties In
Shirts
Neck Dress
Hosiery
Underwear-
ETC ETC.
Reliable Goods. Right Pricas.
748 and 750 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MA.RCH 30, 1900.
MISS ELLIOTT FAVORITE
IN MAY QUEEN CONTEST
Elaborate Preparations Being Made for
Sacramento's Street; Fair and
Trades Carnival.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
v^ I I*^ guarantee
jß\fnßMßg^ tiat raj Kidney Cure
will core 90 per cent.
ct all f°ras of kidney
K^F ft» oomplalnt and la
*3 mm, nt^v*T many Instances ti«
¥& tf»H"tS-Mr ESo!rt serloua foncs of
V irS? Brlfbt's diseua. It,
A /*Vr*tF3 *** c seae * '• com-
V <*~32»\1 plicated send a four-
JP^- ounce Tlal of nrtne.
"We will analyze It
a raT • O(1 «dvlse you Xie*
At sQ Oroggicta. 80. ¦ rial. Onld* to ITealt&
iniflHyflMgfl
D9I7 x \^ l^d WQUB
¦ a 1 fe efti afl c 9 mTtJ
©lERCES
FAVORITE
IRESCRBPTION
A FOR WEAK WOMEN.
DDTTCUI7Q for barbers, bak-
DlllJuilLd Pr> ' bootblacks. bath-
** A*. ¦" houses. Billiard table*.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers. cann»r*.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printer*, painters. »hoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHUM.V* BROS-
Brash Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
CAPE NOME
TRJUISFORTATION COMPANIES.
I s%s^ Good blue serge suits $10 I K^Hel
l^vj /W $*• I'vy%Sh^~^ That ought to interest every man who has an eye out for economy. . If [ r i '
(tMUiwfflf li'ffff^PSf lift" rf • you vvant y° ur money to go a long way — if you want value — if you want a m Si
\ilM S|j Wltw Ci ilVq •( ' £ ooci su^ at a low P rice — if you want t0 save on your clothing bill — buy one of f'— jSMIimM IfSI™ PI
I iJsf'uilil 1 11 ' I \\\^ these blue serges. You will be satisfied with it from the day you get it until <, /Hnmlvilll As^fflflnliHa^l
yl^W^W'^ 1'?1 '? flMlvi We cffer you two styles— a sirgle or double breasted, as pictured here j| EH S rffsfil I Ki I
ffiftwKl'll^^- I !?S J on eith er side. A particular feature of these suits is that they are positively fast £" /^Hli 1 llffllinllft I
Pf? ®J|W^s£ W- color— that means a great deal for a blue serge suit at the price of $10. | MlMf\ 111 WIBvIINH
|^ii^^j|^|: | i^ i\\m You get our guarantee — your moneys worth or your money returned, or || IlilfW IW
Pi P^l i'l ri Suppose you call to- day or to-morrow and see the suits. |f
\js//. tf SPECIAL— Friday and Saturday we will sell 250 pairs boys' all-wool knee pants, all colors, regular fflSIHfiW/^
Hir^^ ' < %'^'jfr-W;! ! \aS'' at! Our special sale of boys' sailor suits comes to a close to-morrow night — come before it is too late. |? A^^&JSjlll Hesl!r^^l/r I
I^\' If < ~ M These suits arc made of a mixed cheviot material— in two patterns of brown checks; French cuffs, neat m W[ T
I^=^ !\\ \sss\ 1 i!yo C— ''I'm braid trimmings; whistle and cord; a good suit at a very small price — f/Y, '\r^- '- yp^ff WS^S^f e^^v
Jpoiifo//? !»§•• || f 'itL^J! i Out-of-town-orders filled— write for catalogue Ho. 2. . % bWlib \f/\
3
AP v .tittTISTVM X N TS.BAT AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR 0. S.HAYY YARD AND YALLEJO.
-¦ \\ Steamer "Montlcello.*"
MON., Tucs.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat at 9:45
a. m. ; 3:13, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thura. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., t
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150*.
FARE Soo
Results at Clinton Park.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., March 29.—Re
sults at .Clinton Park:
Stllinc. sir., furlongs— Menu won. Myrtle Van
e*<x>nd. Horden. third. Time. 1:16V4.
Two-year-old». ' four lurlones — Farmer Ben
nett won, Mrra Mcrella. second, Harry Pul
liam third. Time, :50.
Mx lurl'inrs— Cheesrstraw II won. Insurrec
tion seend. I'olly Hlxby third. Time. 1:17.
Turf c'ungrt'ts swwr.sutke*. for two-year
©kU. hair, mile— Mios Bennett won. Silverdale
MTr;nd, E I' third. Tirr.f. :48£.
t-iix {urionss — W. B. Gates rvon. Free Hand
second, Sir Kld!n third. Time. 1:16H-
One mile— Lillian Ueed won. Schnell Lmnfer
•econd, Klkin third. Time, 1:44%.
American Jockeys Win.
LONDON. March £9.— The Prince of
\Va!».s plate of 400 sovereigns, run at the
Liverpool spring meeting to-day, was won
by J. a. Niller's Bridge, with Tod Sloan
up. Th« Duke of Devunshlre's Vera was
eer-ond and B. Melly's Bewitchment fin
ished third in a Hold of eight- The betting
was 3 to 1 against Bridge.
Mr. Dob« ll's Fierenza. ridden by J.
ReIST, beat Mr. Anderson's Bed Light In
the race for the Toxteth handicap. The
betting was C to 6 on Fierenza.
AMERICAN LINB.
mtW TOEK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOHDON. ?AS23L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul April 4 St. Paul April 0
St. Louis April 11 St. Loula May 3
New York April 1$ New York May i
RED STAFJ LINE.
New Yorlt cod Antwerp^
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland April 4|Kensfn*ton April !»
Southward. April Ilj Noordland ..;...May 3
Westernland ...April ISi Friesland May 9
EMPRE LINE.
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May 15 and
from Seattle May 24. to Norn* and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailings. Jun» SC. July -31. Auy. 30.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For full Information regarding freight and
passag-e apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION, CO..
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agents.
TEA ROSE WINS
FINAL IN THE
MIDWEEK STAKE
Soft Good 3, a Recently Im
ported Hound, Makes a
Good Impression.
Ingleside Patrons Are Treated to a
Fine Programme of Coursing
in Which the Favorites
Hold Their Own.
1
Tea Rose, the property of T. Tlerney,
had no trouble in capturing the final from
Lowe & Thompson's Little Fullerton in
the midweek stake yesterday at Ingleside.
Lopez's Imported dog Soft Goods made his
first appearance and showed up well. ' In
the rundown, on the short end at 1 to 3, he
beat Black Hawk, and in the first tie with
Imported Temple Soft Goods led, but
Temple outworked the new dog in a long,
hard course. The trial w*is too much for
Temple, and he was withdrawn for the
day.
A few short ends won. but the favorites,
as a rule, were true to form. False Flat
terer lost to Patriot In j the second tie,
after being badly bumped In the unde
cided. Flatterer slowed down in the run
off, his injuries being apparent.
Little Fullerton's hard runs had effect,
and Tea Rose was made a 4 to 1 favorite
In the final, winning in a walk, score C to
1. Glenroy got well down on the card, but
lost to Tea Rose in the fourth tie after a
close course. The day's results, with Judge
P. J. Reilly's official scores, follow:
Midweek etake: L. Handy's Lady Huso
beat H. Lyons' Moloch, 11 — 4; James Byrnes'
Battleship beat Land & Gerber's Concord, 6—l;6 — I;
V. Fords Bonita beat A. C. Bradbury's
Sardonic. 6—o;6 — 0; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat
\V. H. Khear'B Alarue 7—o;. M. Mlchaleku
Glen Roy beat Farley Bros.* Mysterious Billy,
5— 2; S. Mahoney's Nellie G beat Georse Jlc-
DouKall's Spindle, S—o;S — 0; J. Charlton & Sons'
Templf beat R. B. de B. Lopez & Son's Min
nie Wa Wa, s—o: R. E. de B. Lopez & Hon's
Soft Goods beat J. McNeil's Black Hawk, 3—2;
Lnwe & Thompson's Little Fullerton beat J. C.
Smith's Sensation. 4—o; D. Down's Wlze Ge
zaba beat D. Kaher's Belle of Moscow, 7—2;
V>. Dillon's Modesty beat T. A. GaiTney'a Sir
John -Arnott. 4—2; M. R Kavanaeh's Hard
Lines beat E. Baumelster's Warrior, 4—2; T.
A. GalTney's Falpe Flatterer, a bye; J. Byrnes'
Nellie B beat J. Caveney's Juliet, 5-J; D.
Kaher's Van Brox beat P. Murphy's Morning
£tar, 8—0; J. Anthony's Patriot beat H. Lyons'
I»ick L. 8-«: I). Dowst's Sarcastic beat R.
Attridc*'" Masterpiece, 4—l; Ban Handy's
Twin City Girl beat J. 11. W. Muller's Moco
rito, 6—2; A. Johnson's Lowlander heat W. N.
Hoag's Lady 'Norborne, -7— l; T. Tleraey*s Tea
Roee beat Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara. 5— L
Flirt round — Battleship beat Lady Hucn, 7—o;7 — 0;
Tod Sloan beat Bonita 4—2; Olen Roy beat
Nellie O, 6-0; Temple beat Sort Goods, lx-5;
Little Fullerton beat Wize Gezaba, 18 — I; Mod
wty beat Hard Lines, 8—0; False Flatterer beat
Nellie B, %-*; Patriot beat Van Brox, 5-1;
Twin City Girl beat Sarcastic, 6—o;6 — 0; Tea Rose
lieat I/owlander, 7—2.7 — 2. •
Second round— Tod Sloan beat Battleship,
16—0; Glen Roy, a bye; Little Fullerton beat
Modesty, 4—3; Patriot beat False Flatterer.
D— 4; Tea Pose beat Twin City Girl, t— o.
Third round— Glen Roy beat Tod Sloan. 3—2;
Little Fullerton beat Patriot; 6—l; Tea Rose,
a bye.
Fourth round— Tea Rose beat Glen Roy, 4—3;
Little Fullerton, a bye.
Final— Tea Rose beat Little Fullerton. «— l.
Champion Dogs to Run.
A champion stake of sixteen entries and
an open stake of seventy-two entries, fur
nish an excellent card for to-morrow and
Sunday at Ingloside Coursing Park. The
open stake will be run down once to
morrow, commencing at 1 p. m. The
champion stake will be run "entirely on
Sunday, commencing ¦ immediately after
luncheon. The second round of the open
stake will be run at 11 o'clock Sunday
morning. The prizes: Champion stake-
To the winner, $125; runner-up, $75; two
at $35 each and four at $15. Open stake-
Winner, $100; runner-up, $65; third, $45:
two at $#> each, four at $22 50, nine at $15
and eighteen at $7 50. The draw last night
resulted as follows: . '
Champion Make, sixteen entries— J. H. Perl
po'» nohe vs. J. O'Ehea/B Young. America: E
M. KellorTs Kid McCoy vs. J. O'Shea's OoM
en Rule; R- E. de B. Lopez's Whltehead vs. T.
Tterney's Tea Rose: George Whitney's Theron
vs. Russell. Allen &. Wilson's Theron; Connell
HIGHBINDERS
HAVE REACHED
AN AGREEMENT
Sudden Termination of War
Between Ping Kongs and
Sue Dongs.
'¦ ¦ ; ? — . > , ; J ; :¦.
Arrest of Ah Keong , Satisfactorily
• Explained and. the Warring
Tongs Agree to Lay Down
Their Hatchets. >
• '
The trouble which existed between tho
Ping Kong Tong and the Sue Dong Tong
was settled at a meeting last evening.
The latter tong became satisfied that the
former was not responsible* for the arrest
of. Ah Keons and through the eftort3 of
Police Sergeant Mahoney and squad, who
have charge' or highbinder affairs In Chi
natown, amicable relations were restored.
The cessation . of hostilities in thi.s case
is significant, Inasmuch as it Is one of
those rare occasions where Chinese tong
difficulties have been settled before blood
has been spilled. Sergeant Mahoney met
the tongs, learning that the arrest mado
by his men Wednesday night had been. a
strong incentive to the declaration of war,
and, explaining the circumstances, se
cured the consent of the highbinders that
the woman affair would be settled by ar
bitration. The sergeant explained that
he had arrested Ah Keong about a week
ago and that the courts had restored him
his liberty on condition that he should
depart for Alaska on last Monday. He
failed to keep his promise and when the
police found him mixed up In the assault
on Ah Fong they rearrested him.
SOON TOY POUND.
Hang Hop's Wife Held Captive in a
Clay-Street House.
Soon Toy, the wife of Hang Hop, a
prominent Chinese merchant, has been
located and restored to her home. The
woman was found by the police yester
day in a room on Clay street, where she
was being held captive by two other Chi
nese women. The reward of $100 for her
recovery was paid to a Chinese who oc
cupied an adjoining room and who gave
the information on which the police
worked.
Hang Hop said last night that his wife
had been spirited away by the wife of
Wong King and another woman, for what
purpose he has not yet determined.
PACIFIC UNION
STAKE WENT TO
ADVANCE GUARD
Chestnut Colt Outclassed
His Field, Winning in
a Gallop.
Another Great Day for Long Shots.
Ecrtea-well Lake Left the Maiden
Class — Mcutallade in Front
The Pacific Union handicap decided at
• i^lv'.auJ track yesterday furnished a
rather dry contest. It was for three-year
olds, over one mile a«d a furlong. ar.<l
even wr.h IT7 pounds up Advance Guaxd
looked to so outclass Ids field as to de
prive the race of much interest. Messrs.
i'arruthers &. SMolds rornplaint-d of the
heavy impost allotted their colt when the
¦weights were nrst issued, still they
teemed quite content with * to 10, and the
luJciit strung theirs "with them.
Of the other seven starters, LJmerick
and ConeteMator were the favored ones,
the play being divided between the pair
far piece honors. At the start Plggott
ci<J not gt-t away very well with the fa
vorite, and at the first turn was cut oft".
Then; taking the overland route, he had
Limerick beaded as the stretch turn was
reached. With a little waking up, the
r.r^t choice drew away, winning easily.
crhlle Limerick; under Eddie Ross* strong
riding.- tock the place from Constellator.
In making the stretch turn. liggott, on
Advance Uuard, bumped the last named
colt; tvriously impairi:;? his chances. The
stake was worth Si'J'Ai net to the winner.
With a dearth oftiompetent riders, these
arc days for the first choices, long
trhuts apparently having taken complete
possession of the game. Ork>n and the
stake winner were the only winning
ciiuh-es. '
Poorlands. from the stable of Mike Daly,
barked dour, ¦ from NJ to 20 to 1, came
wiih!'i mi ace of landing the opening
Bcrzusble over the Futurity course.
Johnny Daly had the mount on his
father's horse and, breaking in front of
his company, it was not until the paddock
wa.- reached that Henry got up with the
tavorite Orion, downing the outsider
something over a k-ngth. Aunt Bird
proved a falFe alarm.
After the Screenwell Lake people had
about worn their bankrolls threadbare,
the Artillery (Illy won a race.' She went
to the post at odds of 10 and 15 to 1 for
the two-yoar-old scramble, and in a rat
tling crive with the 1"W to 1 shot Bavassa
earned the verdict by a head. Bernota,
the lirst choice, with Piggott in the sad
file, Wiis unfortunate in being cut off Just
after tha start, ruining her chances. Ross
rode an excellent race on the winner.
Unlucky Kosirante ajrain met with de
feat in the mile ajid a sixteenth selling
affair. The colored la<l Kauntleroy had
the mount, and this fact was responsible
j.o doubt for the Uuctuatlons in the bet
ting. After opening a ti to 5 chance, the
mar< 's odds went to 11 to 5. though she
finally dosed a flight choice over Goto
b(d and Scotch Plaid. It was the same
uM story. Coffey's mare fell out of the
running" during the early stages, then
made a sujtirb effort through the stretch,
reaching the wire In time to be beaten a
length By tJotobvd. astride which Powell
ro<k; a nicely timed race. Scotch Plaid
firms to have gone stale, dropping the
show to Klamero.
Then followed the unexpected downfall
of ili^s Kowena. The fast Burns &
Wat- rhouse sprinter went to the post a
heavily backed; even money chance, and.
afu-r "showing the way well into the
stretch; was U»wled over in hollow fash
ion by the 15 to 1 shot. True Blue, with
Buchanan in the saddle. After a very
stormy passage. Good Hope finished in
the show. The winner carried 93 pounds,
covering the six furlongs in 1:14 flat.
Buchanan sailed home Jirst on the back
of another outsider in the last event, a
Berea furlong run. The ring laid the long
price of 3>) to 1 against Montallade, and
the despised one overhauled and led St.
Cuthbert past the Judges with pounds to
ppare. Lodestar was practically left at
the- post. _____
Track Notes
William Slurry yesterday purchased
Laura Marie from Albert' Simon, paying
tft".' for the fast filly.
Thomas H. Williams Jr., who arrived
from the East Wednesday night, was at
the track yesterday. The president of the
association across the bay says every
thing points to a gTeat season at the Chi
cago tracks, as well as in the far East.
Th.; weather he reports as cool in the
Eaf t, and he' was pleased to reach home
BgaJa.
Bavassa Is a 6uperbly furnished filly
and will not long remain In the maiden
class.
The probable starters in the ercat four
mile Thornton stake on Saturday are:
Forte 112, Acrobat 112. Twlnkier 112, Oral
bee 106. Weller 103, Potente 112, Ladaea
104 and Tom CaJvert 112.
To-Day's Entries.
First race — Six lurlongs; three- year-olds; eell
r»2 Morella 1071 984 ndrarflo 99
. J>K St. Anthony.... P3 : i^j Tom Sharkey. ..lo3
t22 GuFto lit K>« Fllle d'0r...\... S7
. S«7 March Seven. ..loTJ 'sT. Summer I<>2
K>sTancka l»j 1032 Fine fchot 112
fcOS Maydlne 107! SB9 Corolla 107
Eeecmd rac*— Mile and a sixteenth; thre*-year
c!dp and upward: purse:
S3? Don Luis IMI 873 Tom C*lv«t....Ul
K2 iKigtown 1071 992 Mortgage 81
93S Expedient S6J 1003 Donator 1M
Third rat» — Thr»e and a half furionjrs; maiden
two-y*»ar-ol<l fillies:
«9S »!lrourie lnsi Sf.9 Princes I>>ota.lll
XOOl Glrly Ducat.. ..lll 822 Mrs. Brunell....lH
991 H:>maire .; I'M «?" Ar.hrodls 115
SSS Illusion 108 SSI Carilee 11l
- 9i» Chaste lllj 899 Grace Cup 108
167 Location 10Si 957 Ada X 10S
Fourth rare — Seven and a half furlongs; three
year -.->Mf and upward; selling:
9»A Montar.u« 110; m Monda IP7
(•TOjJmp. nonsllla..lo*; V*< 2 Billy Moore ?»
.... ri!y V)V (90<)l£aline W
I!XX> lloealbra IUI
Fifth race— Seven furlangs; three-year-olds
anfl ur^ranl: free handicap:
99S> Ollnthus 103 f9B6)VesTivian 1M
XW lVirlande M> 963 Mamie G 65
!*« Ttu- Fretfr W 1011 Good Hop* 96
952 Itoaormonde ...113 IOOi Pomplno ig
Elxth rare — One m'.le; four-year-olds and up
ward: selling:
1603 NllKar 110] I*4 Lothian 107
- S*2 Facade I<>7 952 Socialist 11l
•Ml *;ra.n* Rarhera..llll 3012 Alaria 1%
. W I'.npo U4l(lC«6)Captlve 114
ISu5 Jennie Held lON
Selections for To-Day.
Flrrt race— Fine Phot. Corolla, Maydlne.
Second race— l>or.ator. Mortea^e, Don Luis.
Thjrd race— Mrs. Bninell, Illusion. Glrly
DuQit.
Fourth race— lmp. Clonsllla, Monda, Mon
tagus. •
Fifth rac«— Ki»ormonde, Vesuvlan. The Fret
t«r-
Elxth rac«— Jfnnie R*ld. Captive, Socialist.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUMPS THROUGH WINDOWS
AND EATS ANGORA GATS
Caught a Big Codfish.
"Dick" Henning, ; a well-known sports
man ' of- the Mission, caught ia . twelve
pound L codfish yesterday at : Point ' Blunt,
Angel Island. The big fish made a hard
light before he finally succumbed and was
landed.
Cigars Smuggled on the Warren.
Special Revenue Agent Burt M. Thomas
and his . corps ! of ' Sherlock I Holmeses un
earthed 800 unstamped Manila- cigars •In
the . room of Michael Calias, assistant
steward ; of the transport Warren, at ' 819
Jackson . street. - They arrested Michael
for having smuggled cigars in his posses
sion, '
Sharkey Wins in Three Rounds.
BALTIMORE, March 29.— Tom Sharkcy
and Stockings Conroy ,of Troy, N.- Y.y
were to have gone ten rounds at Musical
Hall to-night under the auspices 1 of the
Eureka Athletic Club, but Sharkey put
Conroy out in the third round with a stiff
left punch in the Jaw. ¦ Conroy was > fat
and awkward, ' and the only uncertainty
about tho fight from the start was the
number of rounds it would. take Sharkey
to do the trick. „
(Racing Chart on Page 11).
Miner Smith Died of His Wounds.
Alonzo T. Smith, tho aged miner -who
last Snnday hacked himself severely: with
a knife with intent to commit suicide,
died of his wounds at. the City and Coun
ty Hospital yesterday, morning. The de
ceasod was a mirier by occupation, a na
tive of Connecticut and 76 years old. The
body was taken to the Morgue.
The Pon Kue Murder.
The preliminary examination of Louey
Poy, the young native son, on the charge
of murdering Pon Kue on Jackson street
on March 5, was concluded before Judge
Conlan yesterday and the Judge reserved
his decision till this morning. Louey Poy
denied being near the scene of the shoot-
Ing, and his father and brother testified
that he was in bed at the timo. Louey Poy
is also accused of the murder of Yee Wy
on Waverley place in January last.
GOVERNOR GAGE REBUKED
BY MANUFACTURERS
The Big California Association Re
sents His Act of Killing the
Pure roods Bill.
Governor Gage received a rebuke yes
terday at the meeting of the Manufactur
ers* and Producers' Association of Cali
fornia. While the meeting was called for
the election of directors the manager took
occasion to express the opinions of the
members in. regard to the action of the
Governor when ho vetoed the pure foods
bill. lie said:
"The interest taken by this association
in attempting to secure legislation to pre
vent the sale of Impure food products In
this State was brought to an abrupt ter
mination last spring by the. failure of the
Governor to ¦ sign the pure foods bill,
which through the representative of this
association- at Sacramento had -passed
both the Assembly and Senate. The as
sociation thus- saw .its time and money
expended for naught so far as the present
prospects for the passage. of a State law
on this Important subject Is concerned." .
The following; directors and officers were
elected; : : .
A. Sbarboro, Charles R. All^n/ W. ¦F. Bow
ers. J. Parker Currier." Edward Everett. Wil
liam J. Casey, L. R. Mead. P. .MeO. Mcßean,
M.--J. Fontafla, A. C. Rulofsen and A: L,
Bryan. The directors organized with A. Sbar
boro I for president and. 1 treasurer: - J. iP. > Cur
rier, iflrst vice president: Edward Everett, sec
ond vice president; 'Charles X, Allen, third
vice president. . ' , • ' '.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fcfc_ Steamers leave Broadway
Kjffi| B wharf, San Francisco:
MKnßßj^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
I»-*S3ct^ Apr - 1- Chante to company's
ISv bSB\S?A Ft<>amers at Seattle.
l EPaSR "1 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
F^a^^Jßi C). Port Town?cnd, Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m., ¦ Apr. 1. and every
fifth day thereafter; chants at Seattle to this
company's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. :
at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P.
Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay),' 2 p. m.. Mar.
20, Apr. 4 and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura.' Hueneme, San Pedro
East San I'«lro (Los Angeles), and Newport. 9
a. m.. April 1. and every fourth" day there-
after, . .
Forv?an Diesro, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. m
Mar. 30, April 3, and every fourth day there-
after. ,
For Ensenada. Matrdalena Bay. San Jo«» del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a, m.. Mar. 8. and 7th
of each month thereafter.
¦ For further Information obtain company's
folder. . -
The company reserves the right to chanra
steamers, sailing dates and hours of salllne
¦without previous notice.
XJCKKT OFVIOh- i New Montjromery
street (Palace Hotel). *
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. A*ts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
CAPITALIST BRADBURY
BREAKS LOOSE AGAIN
Defies Board of Public Works and Is
Arrested for Obstructing the.
Sidewalk.
W. B. Bradbury, the millionaire of ex
pectorating fame, has broken loose agnin
by openly defying the Board of Public
Works. He is raising several of his houses
on Van Ness avenue, between California
and Sacramento streets, without securing
the necessary permit, from the board .or
making the necessary deposit of $20.
T. T. Burnett, an employe of the board
notified the contractors of Bradbury's
neglect, and also called at the million
aire's house and left word with the ser
vant. No attention was given the notice
and Burnett called again. The servant
girl said she had told Bradbury, and he
had remarked that he "didn't care a d n
for the Board of Works." He continued
to team across the walk and deposit sand
and gravel on it. and yesterday Burnett
Hwore to a -complaint in Ju<lg« Conlan's
court charging him with obstructing the
sidewalk. He was arrested on the warrant
and gave $20 cash ball for. his release. <
Strange Meeting of Cousins.
•A. McMillan, a retired business man
Vho resides at the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
by a mere accident yesterday learned
that his cousin, I. A. McMillan, whom he
had not seen for seventeen years, was
staying In the same house. The two men
had frequently met. but had not recog
nized each other. Both approached the
desk at the same timo yesterday and
asked almost in the same breath of the
clerk: "Any mall for McMillan?" The
clerk introduced the two guests and It
required but a few minutes' conversation
to establish their relationship. I. A. Mc-
Millan ia a professional wrestler.
OSrr nnifll Corner Fourth ana
Uttl L lIUIHL. grs^siJ-ss
. Valises cnecked free.
BOY MESSENGER
SERVICE FRETS
BIG COMPANIES
Monopoly Claims Infantile
Concern Operates With
out Franchise.
Superintendent Jaynes of the West
ern Union and Charles.Nap
thaly Ask That an Ordi
nance Be Enforced.
The independent messenger companies
recently established by a number of boys
in the downtown district has attracted
tho monopolistic eye of the big corpora
tions that are enpaged in similar- business
on a larger scale and trouble is ahead for
the infantile concerns. The American
District Telegraph Company recently filed
a protest with the Supervisors against the
violation of an 'ordinance by several par
ties in stringing wires*for messenger ser
vice Indiscriminately throughout the city,
whereas the law requires the wires of the
several companies to cross the streets at
a common point.
The subject was deemed Important
enough to necessitate tho presence of Su
perintendent Jaynps of the Western Un
ion Company and Charles Napthaly of the
American District and San Francisco Tel
egraph companies at yesterday's meeting
of the Kire Committee. : Mr. Napthaly
stated that the competition of the boys
was assuming large proportions and was
cutting into the l>if? corporations' profits.
He said the new scheme had been started
by "Uncle Jacob," the pawnbroker, and
the boys of. the old companies were rap
idly going over to tho opposition. He said
that the boys' ¦ companies had Installed
rush buttons in saloons and were doing a
large amount of business through senti
ment on the part of their customers, and
were, operating without a franchise. He
asked either that similar privileges be
granted hij companies or that' the ordi
nance be upheld. Tho matter was re
ferred to ' Superintendent Hewitt, of the
Fire and Alarm Telegraph, who will rec
ommend what course should bo pursued.
Bros.' Mammle Ple.-isant vs. Lowe & Thomp
son's St. Oran; R. E. de Lopez's I'epita vs.
C. Horrictan's Overture; Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Master Clair vs. Lowe & Thompson's
Flora McDonald; Jl Dean's Connemara vs.
Connell Bros.' St. Helen.
Open stake, Feve'ity-two entrifs-^J. Kenne
dy's \Vin<> West \%. Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Miss I'enman; M. J. Kelly's Night Time vs.
H. A. Dockelmnn'a .Lawrpnce:. S. Mahon^y's
Nellie G yp. Farlrty Bros.' Mysterious Billy;
E. D. Fallen's J,|]y'of tho West vs. A. T. L*>on
arrl's Mayflower; J. McNeil's Blackhawk vs..
K. U. KelloEK's Hwee't Emma; D. Tolaivl's
Twilight Jr. • vs. ft. Attrldge's Masterpiece;
Kay Bros.' Hawkßr vs. H. G. Nlchol's May
Herschel; T. Butler's Susie vb. F. A. McComb'l
Walt a lilt; J. Kennedy's Ever Sure vb. Connell
Bros.' Loff Boy; K. Baumelster's Warrior vs.
J. H. I'erigo's Controller; li. A. Peckelman's
Rocker vs. J. P. Thrift's Forget: J. 11. Per
ry's Commodore Nash vs. A. T. Leonard's
Master I-awrence; Russell, Allen Si Wilson's
Belle Clair vs. Russell, Allen & Wilson's
I'aJm Flower: H. Icon's Dick L, vs. J3. M. Kel
lork's lowa llai<l; J. Watking' Merciful vs. F.
A. McComb's Motto; Sterl & Knowles" O'Hara
vs. W. H. Shear's Liberty Bell; J. I. 1 O'Brien's
Statesman vs. J. O'Farwll's Black Marquis;
E. M. Kellog-g's lowa Boy vs. Lowe & Thomp
son's Bagpipe; R. E. de B. Lopez's Soft Goods
vs. T. J. Cronln's Maid of Bail; M. Michalek"3
Glen Roy vs. J. V. Thrift's St. Michael; J.
Hayes' Millie II vs. J. I. O'Brien's Pasha
Uueen: J. H. W. Mullet's Mocorito vs. J. Hoo
per's Morse's Patrol; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan
vs. Connell Bros." Sweep; R. E. de B Lopez's
Minnie Wa Wa vs. J. P. Thrift's Tired Out:
J. Byrne's -Olympus, vs. M. Mlchalek'a Old
Glory; P. Horpan's Lucretla Borgia vs. 11. A.
Peckelman's' Flyaway; E. M. Kellogx's Ben' 6
Babe vs. E. M. Kellogg's lowa Girl: H. Lyons'
Moloch vs. J. R. Smith's Victor; J. I. O'Bri
en's Wandering Tom vs. J. R. Smith's Victor
Queen: Russell. Allen & Wilson's Daisy Clare
vs. F. C. Mack's Delia M;T. J. Cronln's Van
dal vs. J. O'Shea's Young Firenzi; E. D. Mc-
Cormack's Valley Forg-e vs. J. Byrnes' Eleven
Spot; W. I loan's Lady Norborne vs. D. To
l:ind'.3 Pleasant Girl; William Cairn's Impe
rial vs. A. C. Bradbury's Sardonic; J. Byrne's
Battleship vs. J. Caveney's Juliette; M. B.
Kavanaugh's Hard Lines vs. T. J. Cronin's
Vixen.
visit OR. JORDAN'S gm«t i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
.tjf The Largnt Anatomical Museum ia the \
jgjftjfc^ Wotttt We»icne»s« er any contracted 4
Sgg3 di««e p»«l«J»^ly carcxihjr thr olass: '
fßral ipecwiiit co tie Co«t Eit36yearv %
U****l 03. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
I%tl^l tonwiltatlon frrr and «riftty privite \
I jim H Tr« rrrwat ptrtonaly or bf 1-ttrr. A^
H y iS ¦ Put.tivt Cure In rrery case aadenakea. T
rif tlfi> w"«w "«e fcw ßook, rnao<topavtri
II l~ JftßlllAliK, MAILBD FKBB. (AT
A jh ' TOiuabie book tot mra> \
OR JUKM.V A CO., 1051 Market St.. X F. 7
SCAVENGERS CAN ONLY
WORK DURING NIGHTS
Board of Health, and Chief Sullivan
Have Not Yet Selected a "Wagon
Cover.
The Call's crusade against tha scaven
gers who disobey the law by driving
through the streets without a cover on
their wagons is bearing good fruit. Not
only will the scavengers be required to
have a cover on the wagons satisfactory
to the Board of Health and the Chief of
Police, but they must In future perform
their work between the hours of 10 p. m.
and C a- in. The only difficulty In regard
to the new rule ia that it will give scav
engers a better chance to deposit garbage
on vacant lots Instead of taking it to the
crematory. It has been decided, however,
that those arrested for that offense will
be severely punished.
The cases of the scavengers arrested
last week were again called in the Police
Courts yesterday morning, but they were
all continued till April 6, at the request of
Chief Sullivan. . ,
The Board of Health and the Chief have
not yet been able to decide upon a, proper,
covering for the scavenger wagons, but
it is thought that a selection will be made
in a few days. An oilcloth cover seems
to be favored.
SEVERE BLOW TO A
BENEVOLENT ORDER
Golden Gate Lodge of Elks Loses Suit
in the State Supreme
Tha Supreme Court has decided that
Golden Gate Lodge No. 6, Benevolent and
Protective Order of Elks of the United
States of America, is not a lawful cor
poration. The action was brought by the
Attorney General two years ago on the
claim of Lewis G. Weatherby that the
lodge was unlawfully. exercising the fran
chise of a corporation , and to enjoin the
members from so doing. Harry NewholT,
T. St. Clair Jones and a dozen others were
named as defendants. In the court below
Judgment went to the defendants. It ap
peared from the findings that prior to De
cember, 1894, the lodge consisted of about
140 members and 40 associate members,
who decided to incorporate, and the neces
sary articles were drawn and subscribed
to by two elective officers of the associa
tion. The Contention that the. lodge had.
no corporate standing was based on sec
tion 292 of the Civil Code, which declares
that articles of Incorporation must be sub
scribed to by five or more persons.
The officers of the lodge contended that
the foregoing applied specially to corpora
tions of a commercial nature, but that the
Elks was purely a social and beneficiary
order.
The Supreme Court says: TWe do not
think that It was the Intent of the Legis
lature that less than five persons could
Incorporate themselves." For these rea
sons the Judgment was reversed, with di
rections to the lower court to enter find-
Ings In favor of the plaintiff.
r> HAHL.ES NEWMAN, proprietor of
J the Richelieu saloon, was at one time
I the owner of fast horses. Some of his
kind friends took the equine record
breakers right out of his hands and New
man has since taken to dogs. He finds the
latter even more expensive than the for
mer, especially one of his most favored
and petted canines, the blue-ribboned
Sam, a bull terrier with all the points dear
to the kennel-crazed fancier.
Up on Post street, near Mason, the
neighborhood in which Newman lives,' the
residents are forming a vigilance commit
tee, the chief purpose of which will be the
sudden termination of Sam's life. A price
has been set upon his head, and like Pud
d'nhead Wilson they are clamoring for
Just half that dog. Since his advent into
the Newman household there has been a
scattering and a disappearance of every
kind of cat known to back yard fences or
parlor rugs. Sam's star performance as
a feline exterminator happened a week
ago, when he mounted the stairs of a
neighboring house and tore off large pieces
of an Angora cat valued at $50. This cat's
nine lives were snuffed out by Sam's su
perb and rapid Jaw work. Of course
Charlie Newman was called upon to sat
isfy the damage done by his pet terrier.
He offered tho lady the sum at which the
ca.fs life was valued. She refused this,
but was placated with a St. Bernard pup
which Charlie Newman in tears says is
worth a cold ?130 if a cent.
This is not the most picturesque char
acteristic of the bull terrier Sam. He Is
not only a cat eater but also a window
smasher. While his owner was saunter-
Ing along Post and Mason streets Wednes
day afternoon the dog spied a cat ln« tho
window of Slack's grocery store. Win
dow or no window, it made no difference
to Sam, who was on the Jump in a min
ute straight through the glass and tangled
up in a pile of broken bottles. He lost
the cat, but made a bill for his owner
that reached $22 50. The dog bled from
head to foot, and his master has been
doctoring him over since. Anybody who
wants a gentle, docile, children-loving but
cat-destroying bull terrier can get one at
Newman's, without caviling over the
price.
fJOE POHEIJI,
THE TAILOR,
1110-1112 Market St..
201-203 Montgomery street.
The largest tailoring es-
tablishment on the coast.
Fine Suits at
Moderate Prices.
Alt-wool Business Suit*
All-woci Dressy r?utts...
9"O to $40
Full Dress Suits
£tt> ta $6O
All-wool Pants
JM.SO to 912
BAMPLES SENT FREE.
Perfect Fit Guaranteed.
THE SYSTEMS SEWERAGE
Necessity of Keeping It in Perfect
Working Order.
Constipation the Cause of Internal Sewe P
Gas Poisoning, Involving All the Vital
Organs — Don't ISe&lect the First
Symptoms.
When a sewer is dossed—
The sewage backs up, overflows and po!-
sons the whole neighborhood. "
If the sewage of the body Is reiqrularly
removed. It means health. If It is retained,
it means disease.
If your digestion la bad, stomach full of
decaying refuse, don't allow it to stay
there nor violently eject it. Force Is folly
as Ion? as the liver cart bo made lively
and things set right in a nice, gentlj
quiet, positive, natural way by using Cas-
carets Candy Cathartic, the ideal laxa-
tive.
Buy and try Cascarets to-day. You'll
find that it's what they do, not what w^
say they'll do, that will please you. a 4
druggists. 10c. 25c. or 50c, or by mail tot
price. Send for booklet and free samnio
Address the Sterling Remedy Co.. Chi-
cago; Montreal, Can., or Mew York.
S' • ¦" "V This is the CASCARET taf>-
r/» « /» 1 let * ? ver X table * of the only
I II N r I genuine Cascarets beam tfc<*
I Vavfali* I magic letters "C C C." Lorlc
N, si at the tablet before you buy
N J/ and beware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitutes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 30, 1900.
AMERICAN LABOR
MENACED BY THE
DELUGE OF JAPS
More Than Three Thousand
Landed Within Fifteen
Months.
Passports; Taken . Out In Japan for
Seven Thousand More Coolies
and the Invasion Is About
| Due.
— • ",
WorMngmen of the United States
In general and of California In particular
are being brought face to face with a
labor problem that Is growing Into colos
sal proportions day by day. That prob
lem, which may become the greatest In
dustrial evil of the country. Is the unre
stricted immigration of Japanese. There
is no exclusion law against this class of
Oriental cheap labor, before the Incur
sions of which even Chinese coolie labor
is retreating, beaten at Its own game of
cheapness.
Information from reliable sources has
reached United States Labor Commis
sioner North at- this port that 7000 pass
ports have been obtained in Japan for
Japanese laborers intending to take pas
sage for the United States. It ordinarily
.requires from nine months to a year for
a laborer to secure a passport, but under
'the new plan of co-operative companies
passports can be obtained with no more
than a week's delay, the laborer paying
10 yen for the accommodation. The con
tract under which he pays this money
provides specifically that In the event that
it should be proven that he has come; to
the United States as a contract laborer
the obligation of the company to guar
antee that the laborer shall not become a
public charge will cease. This proviso
was inserted as a blind.
. The following statement of the number
of Japanese arrivals since January 1, 1599,
will be found interesting: January, 1599.
62 Japanese; February, 94; March, 215;
April, 324; May, 202; June, 196; July, 166;
August. 230; September, 88; October, 104;
November, 45; December, SO; January, 1900,
62; February, 153; March to date, 470. . To
tal, 2491. Add to these 229 coming in by
way of Victoria and about 400 more who
have come in by way of Seattle and the
total swells to 3120 within the short period
of one year and three months.
The Immigration Bureau has been In
formed that 200 Japanese laborers are due
to arrive on the Belgian King next week,
800 on the China oue to-morrow and 400
on the r>oric, due April 7. making an addi
tion of 1400 to the grand total.
do"^sil?fsSS!? T, he S - S " Australia
Wl^i^fPS^MtlX - w "* '° r Honolulu
fl l&'lr?. 19^ at 2 p - m -
' S&gjJ C> MlilSfi D - \ alU , , vla Honolulu an.
Y§«3^ uc . kI " r * 1 for Sydney
c?CF^ vQillpdlty- Wednesday. April IS.
¦:..". at 8. p. m.
Favorite line around the ¦ world- via Hawaii
Samoa. New, Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
I. 0. SPKECKELS ii, BROS. CO.. Agts.. (14 Montaomaf)
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight 01Hce.32? Markat SL
B^zT^||Bb The Watchdog for the Goidf folds.
I !t b* tes when It barks. It will protect your claim
Winchester
%w^Tl' \] Ammunition
jt^»ro!^flkl| Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send name and
address on a postal card for 160-page illustrated
tfwiHffiilfe J V Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
-MS^WM^~7 f4»B Market ' St., San Francisco, Cal. jaw
SPECIAL SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY!
LADIES' BOX CALF ' LACE SHOES, New
Coin Toe, regularly $3.00 $2.15
GENT'S VICI KID LACE SHOES, Wellesley
Toe, regularly M 00... ..$2.«3
MISSES' GLAZED KID, Cloth « or Kid Top.
Button Shoes,- regularly $1.75 $1.20
BOYS' CALF BUTTON SHOES, Round Toe
regularly $2.50 $1.70
ALL ABOVE NE~W~ FRESH STOCK.
A FULL ASSORTMENT OF LATEST STYLES
FOR GROWN FOLKS AND LITTLE
" FOLKS.
. SEE PRICES IN WINDOW.
WHY NOT
Take a Step Forward?
BE UP TO DATE and WEAR
LATEST SPRING STYLES.
POPULAR PRICES.
FINE SHOES,
830-832-834 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL,
plpp^ WONDERFUL
RUF»TURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
"Magnetic Elaatlo Truss" Dr. Pierce gave t>
the public the most remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful treatment of Her-
nia or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers hay«»
been permanently relieved and radically CURKU
by this great appliance, and thousands of other*
are now on tho road to complets recovery. This
Truss Is different from all others. It does th*
Too can ret ear "BOOKLET No. 1" by call-
in* at the offlca, or It will b« sent on receipt tt
a E-eent stamp. It tells all about Utls Truss.
"magnetic elastic truss co. f
020 Market Street (Opposite Palac* Hotel),
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Najrasakl and Shanghai, ami
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. • ; , ' ¦"-•
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March 31
NIPPON MARU ...Wednesday. April X
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May 13
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
fretght and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st_. corner First.
W. 11. AVERT. General Agent.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
PTSPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORT L ' A.-IT3D
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARE I^o'ri'cToV, • lD ffl^fc2r ll -
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails 77^Z
Columbia" saiiV.V.V.V." ".V.V.V f
Short line to Walla Walla. S^kan'e. Butte!
Helena, and all points In the Northwest
Through tickets to all points East . " nwe " t
E. C. WARD.. General Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & 00™***" ' U '
•¦¦'¦: Supertntendenta.
COMPAOMIE SKNEBALE TKANBATLASTIQ.TJE.
DIRECT LINB TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing .very Thursday Instead of
Saturday, from November *. ISOB^ at
10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Mortonst.: LA BRETAGNK. April 5; LAQUI-
TAINE Vpril 12: LA r.ASCOGNE. April 19;
LA TOURAINE. April 28. First claw to
Havre. *60 ami upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. Second class to Havre. J4J; 5
r>er cent reduction en round trip. GENERAL
AOENCT FOR UNITEH STATES AND CAN-
AD*. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York' J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
4
CHARLES, NEWMAN'S- BULL TERRIER A MOST EXPENSIVE DOG.APV Y.TLTjKV.'unrKrm.
Potrero Cooking School.
The associated charitable organizations
of this city met yesterday afternoon at
Golden Gate Hall. Harold Wheeler pre
siding and Mrs. George R. Preston acting
as secretary.
The action of the executive committee
in regard to establishing classes of cook-
Ing In the Irving Scott School at the Po
trero was indorsed. Miss Whittaker will
be the teacher.
Paderewski's Programme.
The programme for PaderewskTs third
recital, which takes place at the Califor
nia Theater this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.
Is as follows:
Prelude and fcru«, A minor (Bach-Liszt);
ecmata, cp. tl. No. 1. F minor (Beethoven);
Carnival, cp. 9 (Schumann); fantasia, F minor,
op. it; prelude. D fiat major, op. 2S, No. 15;
raise, C sharp minor; mazurka. F sharp minor,
cp. 1» No. 3; tcherzo. C sharp minor, op. S»
(Chopin' 1 : barcarolle, A minor (Rubinstein);
Rharicdi* HongrolMi, No. 12 (Uszt).
/?=0 APTAIN PETER DEMING, the dls
(( gTaced commissary officer under ar
>^^ rest at Alcatraz. will in all prob
ability have to answer to several
charges of forgery and possibly larceny.
Unable to keep up his end with the
moneyed bibbers of the cocktail route, in
an evil moment he stole a checkbook
belonging to the paymaster at the Pre
sidio and proceeded to fill out checks to
suit himeelf. At least a half dozen saloon
men. thinking that the checks were genu
ine, readily cashed them. It is said that
Deming realized a large sum of money
on the worthless paper.
Since his arrival here Deming has been
going the pace that kills. He neglected
his duties at the Presidio to carouse with
habitues of the tenderloin, and at last,
finding himself in dire financial straits,
he resorted to larceny and forgery to con
tinue In the path that leads to the peni
tentiary.
His arrest was brought about by a
Market-street saloonkeeper, whom he
tried to victimize. Accompanied by a
friend, Deming, who was under the in
fluence of liquor, visited his place of busi
ness, and producing a check tor $110. asked
the liquor merchant to cash it. Suspecting
something wrong the saloonkeeper ques
tioned him, and as his answers were not
satisfactory he refused to cash the check.
The following day word was sent to
General Shatter that Deming was spend
ing money with the lavlshness of a mil
lionaire who had suddenly lost his rea
son and he determined to make an in
vestigation. After satisfying himself of
the guilt of Deming Shafter visited police
headquarters and invoked the aid of
Chief Sullivan in arresting the gay cap
tain. The Chief at once detailed two of
his men to find Deming, who was said to
be preparing to leave the city in the
jiope of escaping arrest.
In their investigations the detectives
found that Deming was in the habit of
visiting a notorious house kept by a
woman named Dollle Ogden. The sleuths
kept a watch on the resort, but were
unable to locate Deming. He announced
to the Ogden woman on the occasion of
Stole a Checkbook From a Superior Officer
and Started to Flood the City With
Worthless Paper.
OFFICERS PUT THE 'CUFFS ON COLLINS
DEMING WANTED
TO BE A SPORT
The Gay Captain Will Have to
Answer to Charges of Forgery
and Larceny.
Wriiifs Into VeptaWe Pills
ARE ACKNOWLEDGED BT THOUSANDS
of persons who nave used them for forty
years to cure RICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS.
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver. Weak Stom-
*cb. rixaples and purify the blood. '^VH
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURE OF GONORRHOEA,
Gifts. Stricture* and analogoua ; com-
plainu of th» Organs of Generations.
Price tl a bottle. Ftor sale by dru«l»ts.
VIGOROUS MANHOOD i«|
Is necessary to the attainment of our noblest aims. /S?*SAHDEN'S^^4
A clear brain and steady nerves are indispensable J'rl?^g=^ !^3^3T\
in undertakings requiring the. best work a man is
capable of. I have made a life study of this subject • * jS2^&
and I make men strong and vigorous by the use of
Nature's own means — Electricity. . L
DR. SANDEFS ELECTRIC BELT
(PATENTED). 1900 BROAD CELL. MODEI* ~
works while the patient sleeps It is the perfect home treatment. Worn comfortably
around the waist at night, it sends a strong but gentle, pleasant and soothing current
through the weakened parts. There is no # burning, the electrodes which touch the
skin being fitted with smooth, velvety, antiseptic coverings, my own invention.
;Write for descriptive book, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," sent free, or call and consult me.
It will cost you nothing. Special attachments for the treatment of female troubles.
NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
DR. T. A. SAN DEN, 6 otarrell street,
*"^ *¦' * * rf *¦ r, -*j" ~T;~^ : -"j BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
\\9\i SOUTH SPRING STREET. LOS ANGELES. CAL. RUSSEL BUILDINO. PORTLAND, OU.
REYNOLD'S
Goutor Rheumatism, Won the firstapproack
<l the naroxTam they have recourse to this rem-
edy • then a single dose is often sufficient.
K-FOICEIIA * CO.. ae-SO X. William St.. W. *.
AGED ACTRESS TO
RECEIVE FRIENDS
Mrs. Elizabeth Saunders Will Cele
brate the Eighty-First Anni
versary of Her Birth.
Mrs. Elizabeth Saunders, once a favorite
actress in this city and in the East, will
celebrate the anniversary of her eighty
first birthday at her home, 510 Capp street,
on Wednesday, April 4.
Mrs. Saunders came to California In 1854.
She played with stock companies at the
old California Theater for twenty years
and acted leading parts under many of
the old and famous actors. She was a
favorite with San Francisco theater-goers
and her retirement from the stage* twelve
years ago was an occasion of regret by
all who knew her. In Boston and New
York, where she was on the bills for
seven years, she added laurels to ' her
fame.
Though old and gray, Mrs. Saunders
still retains much or the wit and clever
ness of her younger days. She delights
in recalling reminiscences of her younger
days, and for the purpose of meeting her
old associates she celebrates each anni
versary of her birth and brings them all
around her. . .
•?©?©tO+O+O+O +O+OtO+O+Ot«
? ¦ . ¦ " -f
O A 14-year-old boy beat his q
+ way from Pittsburgh to San -f
9 Francisco. Took Horace Gree- 9
O ley's advice and came West— o
± to pick up g-old and \ fight In- ±
X dians. You will find some eac- 2
0 cellent reading about him in 9
5 The Sunday Call of April 1. 5
#t©t<>v©t©t<HOt<>t©t©t©t©^
General Barnes Loses His Home.
The home of General W. H. L. Barnes
on Sutter street, near Leavenworth, Is to
be sold to satisfy a mortgage made to tha
San Francisco Savings Union. The sals
will take place April 17.
Yukon Mail Service.
The poor mall service existing In th«
Yukon region has caused a correspond
ence between the Dawson Board of Trade
and the Postmaster General. A copy of
the complaint from the sufferers In, the.
north was forwarded to the local Cham
ber of Commerce, with the request that
the people of this city would d*> what they
could to improve matters. Yesterday a
reply was received her* from the Wash
ington authorities, stating that all that
the National Government could do would
be attended to promptly.
FERRIS HARTMAN
THE WHOLE SHOW
"Manila Bound," the Tlvoll's new offer-
Ing. Is difficult of appraisement. It pleases
the audience, which gives audible sign 3
of approval from 8 o'clock until great,
large hours of the night. So did "The
Idol's Eye," and yet there was a defi
ciency of genuine humor In that produc
tion that I quarreled with In the first
week of its extraordinary run. It seems
that a respectable degree of cleverness is
not the main requisite, and if I make the
same charge against "Manila Bound" that
I did against "The Idol's Eye" I may be
correct In the matter of taste but err as
regards the estimation of those Intangible
and unaccountable qualities that some
times make inanity successful.
"Manila Bound" does please the public,
and the public is very welcome. If I
should search for a reason for this pleas
ing power (and it is necessary to search,
for the merits of the piece do not confront
one with a clarity and force that demand
recognition) 1 do not think I would be
amiss in ascribing the evidently taking
quality of the performance to the indus
try of Ferris Hartman.
"Manila Bound" is, I believe, a distor
tion of a European burlesque In which
the element of local satire and trans-
Atlantic humor have been altered (with
an ax) to fit a different envlrdnment. The
vestige of a plot is of no consequence
whatever, but everything is made to de
pend upon the concentrated comedy of
one part. Ferris Hartman has that part,
and he brings to its enactment as much
cheap wit and persiflage as the lines will
accomodate. He Is very amusing in spots,
for he has a tidy collection of jokes that
;ir« not old, and taken as a whole his ex
cursion Into German dialect is not a fail
ure. His make-ups are excellent, as such
things go.
I have preached the necessity of careful
preparation in the matter of extravagan
zas and burlesques to the end that the
stupidity with ¦ which they are usually
loaded may bo illuminated . and place
given to" moderately clever dialogue, of
which a respectable standard should be
sustained throughout such performances.
I have argued against the dumping of
these things on the stage without their
being subjected to a thorough process of
refinement, but with ample opportunity
for just such discriminate care "Manila
Bound" has emerged from the chrysalis
stage with more than Its share of flat
wordiness. Aside from the interpolation
of Hartman there is nothing . said and
little done that will pass muster, and If
in accordance with the method I suggest
all that is unworthy and dull should bo
cast out there would not be enough left
to keep the people from Oakland from
catching the 8:30 boat.
I am afraid that in staging such shows
}£»t m £ na * e £?f nt . soes on the principle
o '?^ t0 ««'"
The golf ballet is pretty, and Mi*s
Frances Graham sings delightfully, but
1t(1 t ( , here l s - nothing else remarkable, unless
It is the success with which Alf Wheelan
characterizes a bore. Ferris Hartman has
m£nS«ft bUr T d , en , t0 carry . and does Itcom^
mendably. If he were just a trifle better
suited for the part I would say that the
show was worth seeing on his account
alone It is in fact, quite interesting to
see him work as hard and as conscien
tiously as ho does.
PORTER GARNETT.
BENEFIT FOR RETIRED
TEACHERS ON MAY DAY
On May day at Glen Park the San Fran
cisco Public School Teachers' Annuity So
ciety, for the benefit of retired teachers,
will hold a Dewey day celebration. There
will be physical culture exercises and pa
triotic songs by 3000 children. Maypole
dances, games, races, tugs-of-war between
the Hiph School teams, rides on Philip
pine buffaloes and every other kind of en
tertainment possible In the grounds. The
celebration will begin at 8 in the morning
and will not conclude until sundown.
Grand Lodge of Knights.
The next annual session of the Grand
Lodge of California of the Order of
Knights and Ladles of Honor will be held
In the Pythian Castle in this city, com
mencing on the 17th of April. There will
be a contest for the office of grand pro
tector, as there are several candidates
who are ready to have their names placed
before the grand body. Z. T. Whitten,
the incumbent, will be a candidate for re
election and Dr. C. C. O'Donnell would
also like to have the office. It Is said that
the present grand secretary, H. W. Qult
zow, will have no opponent.
Disease
treaicens tbo stomach, deranges
digestion, pollutes the blood,
destroys the nervous forces and
saps the vitality of the whole
system. It causes pain in the
left side, palpitation, shortness
of breath, sinking spells* and
frequently ends ajl suffering in ,
sudden death. Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure Is the only successful rem-
edy for diseased hearts that has
ever been offered to the public.
"It icas Impossible for me to He down to
lOwp for smothering: sensations. The pul-
sations of my h««rt were very Irregular,
sometimes seeming to stop beatin? and at
other times palpitating so hard It could
be heard In the room. One bottle of Dr.
Miles' Heart Cure brought relief, and
after uplnp It for a few months the heart
trouble was all pon*.
"E. M. INSL.ET. Hlllsboro. O."
If your heart Is affected do not fail to
try
Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure.
Sold at all drugrglsls on a positive guar-
antee. Write for frre ad\*lce and booklet
to
Dr. MlleS'Medlcal Co.; Elkhart. Ind,
ECHO BOWLING CLUB
IN PRIZE COMPETITION
At the Echo Bowling Club tournament
last night J. V. Norvell took- first prize,
W. H. Lee second and J. Pike third. The
complete score is:
J. V. Norvell 375, W. H. Lee 363, J. Pike 359.
W. H. Lux 299. T. Harris 277, A. Lund 294. P.
Allenberg 242, Dr. L. Blondln 319. R. F. Fisch
beck 311. Marc Davis 231. R. Belau 357. J. A.
Ulrlch 276. J. E. Fagothy 323, M. J. Kennedy
105, Dr. William D. McCarthy 291.
, his last visit that his wife had died a
i year ago. and that he had got drunk in
order to celebrate the anniversary of her
death. With brazen effrontery he then
proceeded to buy all the wine in the
house, giving a forged check for the
! amount in payment. Subsequently he
went to the Richelieu saloon and asked
the barkeeper to cash a check for $100.
As the proprietor of the saloon was not
present the barkeeper wisely concluded
not to cash it. *
Charges have been formally filed
against Deming with the commanding
ofllcer at the Presidio. They will be heard
next Tuesday by the following court
martial :
Colonel Jacob D. Rawles, Third Artil
lery, president; Lieutenant Colonel Rich
?. rd , L gskridge. Twenty-third Infantry;
Major Benjamin C. LocKwood, Twenty
first Infantry; Major Louis H. Rucker,
Sixth Cavalry; Captain Frank West,
Sixth Cavalry; Captain Carver Howland,
Fourth Infantry; Captain Sedgwlck Pratt.
Third Artillery; Captain Henry C. Danes
Third Artillery, "and captain Charles A
Bennett. Third Artillery; Major Stephen
Grocsbeck, judge advocate, judge advo
cate of the court.
A dispatch from Washington last night
says in reference to Deming's arrest:
"Although the oflicials of the War De
partment are disinclined to discuss the
case of Captain Deming it Is admitted
that his arrest is merely preliminary to I
his trial by court-martial for violations of
the articles of war. His troubles arose
out of an escapade on the Pacific Coast
while en route to Manila for assignment
to duty. It Is stated that while he may
have misappropriated Government funds,
the sum involved is less than $1000 and
is amply secured by his bond of $20,000.
"The gravest feature of his case is an
allegation that he forged the name of
his clerk to pay an account for. $150 and
secured the money and appropriated it
to his own purposes. General Shatter re
ported the matter to the War Department
and was directed to convene a court
martial for the trial of the officer Cap
tain Deming belongs to a highly respect
able family of Buffalo and hitherto has
borne an unblemished reputation. He en
tered the volunteer army at the outbreak
of the fapanlsh war and up to this time
his record has been excellent."
POLICE MAKE RAID ON
PROJECTING SIGNS
Guide Boards Removed in the Night
Cause Complaints and Fun
for the Bluecoats.
Patrolmen have had instructions from
police headquarters during the past two
days, particularly the night watch, to pull
down all business signs that project over
the sidewalk contrary to the ordinance
regulating such matters. The first raid
was made on Tuesday night, when several
hundred signs were torn down and carted
out to the General Station, where they
were packed away in the property-room.
Yesterday many sign-owners, perfectly
unconscious of the manner in which their
signs had been removed, called at the po
lice station and entered complaint In re
gard to the disappearance of their prop
erty.
"Are you quite sure that you could iden
tify your sign If it were found?" inquired
the desk sergeant of the first complainant.
"Why, in a minute." was the reply.
The victim was then led into the prop
erty-room and requested to pick out his
sign from the big pile stacked up there.
The result was always amusing, particu
larly as the sign owner's discomfiture was
usually witnessed by a crowd of grinning;
spectators.
The work of removing signs went mer
rily, on last night. Merchants can save
themselves much trouble by taking the
obnoxious signs down themselves, and
also save cartage bills from the Central
Police Station.
TRIED TO FORCE
INSOLVENCY ON
WILLIAM THIRD
E. J. and 0. J. Bamberger
Scored in the Report of
a Referee.
. Insolvency proceedings against Wil
liam Third commenced in the United
States District Court are likely to come
to. a sudden conclusion, for by the report
of the referee, Milton J. Green, Third was
unjustly forced into the courts by O. J.
Bamberger, who attempted to use that
method to collect a note for $200 given him
by Third for alleged legal services.
Third had two dry goods "stores — one at
920 Valencia street and the other at 2013
Fillmore street. He had assets to the
amount of $20,000 and liabilities amount
ing to between $13,000 and $14,000. His
creditors were pressing him and he called
upon Bamberger to place In his hands a
claim for collection. According to the
findings of the referee. Third told Bam
berger that his creditors were pressing
him, and Bamberger. after representing
himself and the firm of E. J. and O. J.
Bamberger to be the attorneys for the
Bank or Commerce of San Francisco,
agreed to advise Third as a means of
escape from his financial difficulties.
He advised Third to convey the Valen
cia-street store to Florence Lavlne. who
was then Its manager, she to take up all
Its debts and to open an account with
the Bank of Commerce. He also agreed
to secure the consent of the other cred
itors to such an arrangement. For this
piece of advice Bamberger charged Third
$200, for which Third gave a note.
In the meantime there was a hitch in
the transfer of the Valencia-street store,
for Murphy, Grant & Co., one of the
creditors, objected, so Instead both
stores were sold to Charles R. Havens,
who was In the employ of Murphy, Grant
& Co., conditionally, however, and for
the pole purpose of ascertaining how the
business was prospering and how it was
being carried on. Bamberger at that
time admitted that the assignment to
Florence Lavine was void.
The findings further set tpnn that then
Bamberger secured the elnftons of several
of the creditors of Third, and with these
and his own note of $200 he brought pro
ceedings of Insolvency against Third,
claiming that he had assigned his busi
ness to Havens for the benefit of his cred
itors. None of the larger creditors wished
the proceedings brought and steps were
taken to have them dismissed, but Bam
berger refused to have them dismissed
unless his own claim and the other claims
he held were paid In full. This the other
creditors refused to allow, and so the pro
ceedings were followed up.
By the findings, however. It 13 declared
that the proceedings brought by Bam
berger are against the best Interests of
Third and for the purpose of forcing the
collection of the note for $200, and have
therefore been prosecuted In bad faith.
It is further found that neither E. J. nor
O. J. Bamberger are attorneya-at-law, nor
is Third Insolvent.
The court will probably make an order
in conformity with these finding?, and
Third will be allowed to resume his bust
ness, which by the term 3 of the findings
seemed at no time to be In danger.
man car in which Collins and his escort
were riding the latter were found to be
missing. The porter of the car was asked
where they had g^e, bu t he professed
ignorance as to theTr whereabouts.
It was only by information obtained
from one of the trainmen that the officers
from Washington and their prisoner were
finally located. When this information
had been imparted to the local officers
they had the porter open the smoker in
the Pullman car, where they found the
men they were so earnestly looking for.
Sheriff Johnson read to the Washington
officers the writ of habeas corpus com
manding that the body of Collins be pro
duced in Judge Lawlor's court in San
Francisco at a specified time, and also
served upon them the warrant charging
them with kidnaping.
While the officers were searching for
the men Deputy Sheriff Troy of San Fran
cisco frequently called out Collins by
name, so loud that he must have heard
Troy unless he was asleep, which proved
not to be the case. Collins did not answer
to his name.
The agents of the State of Washington
aaid after the papers had been served that
Collins preferred to be taken back to
Seattle rather than remain in San Fran
cisco, because he had about $400 in San
Francisco and that the legal sharks in
that city were anxious to secure a portion
or all of the money. The fact that Col
lins did not respond when Troy shouted
his name a number of times while search
ing through the car in a measure bears
out the statement that Collins preferred
to be taken to Seattle rather than be
taken back to San Francisco. The writ
of habeas corpus and the warrants charg
ing the Washington officers with kidnap
ing were'telegraphed to this city and were
delivered to Sheriff Johnson shortly after
the arrival of the train.
| Good Cabinet mam -M" M 0^ M Special Salo
Jf $1.50 Dozen. M M M%MmM^M MMMJp B Week.
I £=p Bicycle Silkoline, We. Ribbons f 4c.
£ WT J9fff#MVft«» Are yon going to make some new bed com- We have picked up a
$ . Ij . mM..mjM9p forter»? Do >ou need some pretty sum- moderately hrge
If . j, 9*%-* mer draperies for your home? If you are Jot (125 0 yards) /Tte, nrn ,
Z i h *f£mCm or do, this special w for you: 2000 yarda of Brilliant Taffete NdSl
X i T . :-:• <•¦ „, oi the Wo qua ItySllkolino, 10 Silk Ribbon ia a^^^^
£ ji Vi loese quick-acting Li- very pretty patterns in dainty colonncs, complete line of Iv\
g : )) cycle Foot Pumps are width 30 inches-price to-day £+1 colorings, pin k s . @#M l\
tf I! / never so d less than 50c on'y. t>cr y 7rd O 2 €r blu e s . cardina' /^
* '\\ I ' u Thg y Curtaln „ wh ; te> maJ gWyijf
ft \ have a brass barrel pt . ' tfcrpaH i/^^^^V%f
i Jti M iii Pu "^ Belis > sSrt&rss Sgg
J. The latest style of Baits— Ribhon Pulley y ""g/g.Q
ir- :--_i_r'_. J-'ir—: _» ¦_ _^-- - — — r r>,, v jf^§^" Bozvs of above ribbon made to or-
s men S &UttS (SSKS3SS3I?. 1 fflrS^g^fx by experts free of
% */PnJFmm9mJr jQa> ¦«_z*^ *~ L^r«) nibbon Section— Rotunda.
5 JO'day and \M Bel ts, extra fine, double faced black «atm ' ~
* *O-mor- Vftk^ ribbon, fallv boned with Wirren'3 Feather JQtan *•#» *a #_» «« G*%
jk row-Last /^n\ Bone, regular $1.25 each. 3V) of t^-n in B~GrCaie&&C ¦
% oTV^e /UmW Z on* ~eaoh CM Ba:et °" 77C Th^aretheverybestquaHtyofSe-mch
%' handsome, fast /^OtHL.\ 7 7'7 ' 0aO " *. %M , Eng.ish Percales every pieca new and
g blue, pure wor- K^t}^'/ 1 [ _~ ?" stjiishsoms colorings and effects never
I sted serge Suits &K*£ifg*W shown here before, but they have very
X for nine /' / _#•#••©?# jr «*(#(*• Blight manufacturer's imperfections;
Jf thirty- \[uY, I f For two days— Friday and Satnr- returned , the
ft fivn. Round w I i II j~ . a i • jobbers make us an allowance, and we
i f'^fred Sack" | V, - we^ offer size offer them special, to-day only, -
X Coats, single or S 7 ?*, \\ squares Choice Creamery But- per yard. 9O
$ double breasted /y&>\ If ter, per Square. 3OG
I ISt be°r? f KM |°--°—«r- — , Ladies' Vests
I :^r\ Medallion, 18c. '<«& fSc.
J? guaranteed; -~^ >3 : . . 7*«S^ ZZ %Mm
h most dealers a=k 515.00 for this grade Colored Photo Me- 4 ?>_sB These are excel-
_• —for the balance of this special pur- 4 *-^,^^^^* dalhons, with gilt <- i ent 25c garments,
*£ cha?e, until closing time Saturday *a ; s*?«2zS) corners and easel "•--"'SW^V medium weight
» night, our price. ... \A -^ back. " large as- f/ : U/f'Y\ ecru color, Jersey-
tf *P+*.'&*M ys^ &\ "ortment o f ar- t- Aft n:io\ ribbed cotton, high
J_- ---. mm** /RP^M yoH'l »wely*ant &; MAA sleeves, neck drawn
| 75cWmes53c S^MMa ZS«S*X
JC Port or Sherry, the superior qualities that I^Db-^^V dresser; we ye Vf*^ l&V™©/ sizes 4 to 6, spe-
_¦ the big store sells regularly at 75c. —3&^ mirk . cd «»em for C l.^XW^U'l cial for this day
JC special for thU day only," _ — 3SS special sale to-day gi(, $ ||\^ only '
i per ga lon 53c onlj fQ^ oach 15C
H liquors— Main Floor, R?ar. ' tJJI '" -~~~^ Second Aisle— Left o* Entrance.
X riage, with patent brake, HSjjP*^ J^ n4 * *-. rod. length io\ feet,
S only $6.50 W *i»ol«leM» ifciiEe Baza a ¦*. ""I only '.850
5 * * CALIFORNIA^ LAROEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. * »
* , . ; ' " ' "" ¦*.¦-- 1 -¦-¦,:••;¦•¦ i ?<..-«
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
CONGRESSIONAL
BATTLE IN THE
FIRST DISTRICT
Frank L. Coombs Is a Can
didate for the Republican
Nomination.
Sonoma, Humboidt, Napa and Men-
docino Present Favorite Sons.
John A. Sarham Does Not
Ask to Be Re-elected.
The Call Is authorized to make the defi
nite announcement that Frank L. Coombs
is In the field as a candidate fc, the
Republican Congressional nomination
in the First District. Intelligence
having been received by wire from
several towns in the district to the
effect that Mr. Coombs was considered
as a probable candidate, but that no
direct statement had been made that his
named would be placed before the conven
tion. The Call deemed it advisable to ask
him if the reports of his candidacy were
correct. He said it had been represented
to him by many prominent Republicans
of the district that he could be elected if
he received the tr.Jorsement of the Re
publican cor.vention. He remarked fur
ther that his friends seemed to be con!l
<Jent that he could secure the nomination
and were anxious to begin active work in
his behalf. Mr. Coombs said that he had
given the subject careful consideration
and had decided to become a candidate.
It Is probable that the list of Republi
can entries for the race In the First Dis
trict is complete. No doubt Senator Gil
lette, who made a splendid record in the
Legislature and who is a man of high
character and superior ability, will go to
the convention sustained by a united dele
gation from Humboidt County and will
rally to his support delegates from other
counties. District Attorney Webber of
Sonoma County has been In the field as a
candidate for several months and has
visited many counties of the district. He
teems to L>e confident that he will secure
the nomination. He is positive that he
will receive the undivided support of the
Sonoma delegation, which is the largest
single delegation In ihi district. Rumors
reach The Call that D. E. McKinlay, the
Republican campaign orator, will fin«l in
the Sonoma delegation a number of warm
pupporters. He may develop more
strengrh as r candidate to succeed Mr.
Barham than many of the other aspirants
now surmise.
Thomas Carothers of UTriah is listed as
a candidate to represent the district in
Cougrfss. and it may be regarded as a
sure thing that the united support of the
big delegation from Mer.docino County
will be lined up In his txshalf. He has
rendered the party valuable services in
many a hotly contested campaign. Hia
friends in the district are legion.
Frank Coombs will go to the conven
tion with the enthusiastic and ardent sup
port of the solid delegation from Napa
County. His friends assure him that he
will receive aid and comfort from many
other counties. He has served the party
in the Legislature, on the floor of the As
sembly and as Speaker of that body. He
represented the I'nited States as Minis
ter to Japan and served creditably in that
capacity. He Is now holding the position
of United States District Attorney. He
came close to the nomination for Gover
nor the second time that Estee was nomi
nated.
All the aspirants In the Republican fold
have received positive assurance that tha
present representative, John A. Baxham,
will not again apply for renominatlon.
The contest In the district is an open one.
No candidate has a mortgage on the posi
tion. Delegates to the nominating con
vention will be chosen on the second
Tuesday of August, according to the pro
visions of the primary election law. The
delegate* rnav decide to hold the conven
tion in San Francisco, or they may as
semble at Sacramento and adjourn to
meet at some point within the district.
The selection of delegates to represent
the First Congressional District in the
Republican National Convention called
to assemble at Philadelphia on June 19
will be entirely separate and apart from
the Congressional contest in the district.
Neither can the delegates to the State
convention, to assemble In May for the
purpose of choosing delegates to represent
this State at large in the national con
vention, participate in the Congressional
nomination.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 30, 1900.
COLLINS MAKES
A STRUGGLE FOR
HIS FREEDOM
Seattle Robber Is Smuggled
Out of City Prison by
the Officers.
Prisoner and Custodians Taken From
Train at Sacramento and the
Latter Placed Under Ar
rest for Kidnaping.
•
John F. Collins, alias Harper, alias Mur
phy, bank robber and all around crook, is
now on his way to Seattle for his partici
pation in the theft of a roll of greenbacks
from the First National Bank of that city.
In order to circumvent his attorney,
George D. Collins, from preventing him
from being taken back to the scene of his
bold crime, Chief of Police Sullivan, after
a consultation with Captain Seymour and
Inspector Venotto of the Pinkerton De
tective Agency, effected a coup d'etat by
which the desperate prisoner was not
only removed from the City Prison un
known to his counsel but was shortly
afterward placed aboard the Oregon ex
press, bound for Seattle.
He was accompanied by Deputy Sheriff
McLeod of Seattle and a detective. The
prisoner was heavily ironed, as it was
feared that he would make a desperate
attempt to escape from his captors.
Yesterday morning the officers arrived
from Seattle ready to take the bank rob
ber back to the scene of his crime. They
were armed with a warrant signed by the
Governor of the State of Washington and
charging Collins with grand larceny in
robbing the First National Bank' of that
city.
When arrested by Detectives Ryan and
ODea, the clever sleuths of the southern
station, Collins was not booked, as the
police were anxious to hear from the Se
attle authorities before placing a charge
against him. Determined to resist any
attempt to have him taken back to Seat
tle, the prisoner sent lor Attorney Col
lins and retained him to defend him.
Learning that Collins intended to sue out
a writ of habeas corpus in behalf of his
client, Ryan and ODea, after a consulta
tion with Chief of Police Sullivan, booked
the daring criminal for a crime committed
in this cily some time ago.
Collins had committed several bold rob
beries, and by order of Captain Spillane
Kyan and O"i)ta were detailed to arrest
Landed in Prison-
After considerable trouble they finally
located him with the assistance of Ser
geant Tom Ellis and charged him with the
crime of grand larceny in stealing a pack
age of money from the safe in Morse
head's stables on Clay street. While his
preliminary examination was proceeding
in Judge Low's court Collins cut his way
out of the dock and made his escape.
On learning that the officers from^ Seat
tle had arrived here, prepared to take the
prisoner back. Attorney Collins sued out
a writ of habeas corpus in behalf of his
client, setting forth that the bank robber
was being illegally deprived of his lib
erty. The writ was made returnable be
fore Judge Murasky at 5 o'clock last even
ing, at which time Collins was produced
in court. He was guarded by Detectives
Ryan and ODea and Sergeant Ellis.
Chief of Police Sullivan, Captain Sey
mour and the Pinkerton inspector were
present to see that Collins did not attempt
to get away. The Seattle officers also oc
cupied seats in the courtroom.
Assistant District Attorney Deuprey ap
peared for the Chief of Police and George
D. Collins for the prisoner. Deuprey first
addressed the court. He reviewed the
case against Collins and asked that he b«j
remanded to the custody of Chief Sulli
van. Attorney Collins argued that inas
much as Judge Low's court went out of
existence immediately after the adoption
of the new charter the prisoner could not
be held on a warrant issued from that
tribunal. Judge Murasky held that the
point was well taken and ordered that
Collins be given his liberty. As the de
tectives heard the decision they arose
from their seats as if intending to rear
rest the bank robber. Attorney Collins,
noticing their action, addressed the court
and asked that an order be Issued pre
venting the police from interfering with
his namesake. This Judge Murasky re
fused to do.
Bearrested in Court.
As the Judge stepped into his private
chambers Captain Seymour directed Ryan
and ODea to handcuff the prisoner and
take him below to the city bastile. Col
lins at once became ugly and half arose
from his chair as if he intended to break
through the cordon of officers. His at
torney whispered to him, which had the
effect of quieting the desperate man. As
the two detectives started to handcuff
him Attorney Collins asked them to wait
as he wanted to draw up a petition for
another writ and which he wanted Collins
to sign. After finishing writing the peti
tion the attorney had Collins sign it. It
was then sworn to before a Deputy
County Clerk, who had been summoned
for ' that purpose. The irons were then
placed on the prisoner's wrists.
On the way to the City Prison he
threatened to "smash" Detective Ryan's
nose, and declared that he would never be
taken back to Seattle alive.
Smuggled Out of Prison.
After reaching the prison Collins was
formally booked for the Seattle bank job
on a warrant issued by the Governor of
Washington. Rather than take any
further chances of losing their man Chief
Sullivan, after a conversation with Cap
tain Seymour and the Pinkerton inspector,
decided to turn him over to the Seattle
officers.
Collins was then hurriedly placed in the
patrol wagon, and accompanied by Ryan
and ODea, the two Seattle officers and
Police Officer A*att Tierney. he was driven
to the ferry. Seeing that he was up
against' lt Collins showed a disposition to
give the officers battle, but he soon
changed his mind on being told that his
first hostile demonstration would result
In his body being sent to the Morgue.
After crossing the bay the officers took
Collins into the back room of a restaurant
and held him there until a few minutes
before the train left. *
He was then put aboard the train, after
an extra pair of irons had been placed on
his legs. - ' .
On hearing of the action of the police
in smuggling Collins out of the City
Prison the attorney of the same name
went before Judge Lawlor and sued out
a writ of habeas corpus, ordering the
Chief of Police and the Seattle officers to
produce the bank robber in court at 10
o'clock this morning. The writ was given
to the Sheriff to serve, and accompanied
by the attorney he vainly searched for
the man against whom it was directed.
Collins, on learning that the prisoner was
on his way back to Seattle, wired the
various Chiefs of Police along the route
to hold his namesake and the Seattle
officers. He threatens that unless Collins
is returned to the City Prison within
twenty-four hours he will have Chief Sul
livan, Captain Seymour and Detectives
Ryan and ODea arrested for kidnaping.
STOPPED AT SACRAMENTO.
The Seattle Officers Who Had Charge
of Collins Arrested for Kid
naping.
SACRAMENTO. March 29. — Sheriff
Johnson, under Sheriff Reese and Depu
ties Conran and Lowell, together with
Deputy S.heriff Troy of San Francisco and
representatives of the Ponce Department
of this city, Intercepted two officers of
the State of Washington on their way to
Seattle with John Collins, the bank rob
ber, : upon ' the arrival of the Oregon ex
press In this city at 11:40 o'clock to-night
Collins was taken to the County Jail and
the two ¦¦ Washington officers were given
lodgings by Sheriff Johnson. The officers
and tnelr charge were taken from the
train by virtue of a writ of habeas cor
pus for Collins and warrants for kidnap
ing for the = Washington State . agents.
The proceedings emanating from the
Superior Court of San Francisco were In
stituted by J. F. Collins, . . an attorney.
The officers of this city experienced a lit
tle difficulty In locating Collins and ; the
Washington officers. Deputy Sheriff
Troy of San Francisco was a passenger
on the same train, and when It ; stopped
in the depot ; he got . off to meet Sheriff
Johnson ¦ and • the other Sacramento i offi
cers. When they returned to , the . Pull-
5Rumors are flying fast that there are to be many
important changes in the "upper office" of the Po
lice Department. Can it be possible that his Honor
the Mayor has again gone into executive session with
himself and has found some new favorites who are to
be saddled on the public for the "public good"?
The Rev. B. Fay Mills says that he is absolutely
convinced that there is not the slightest use for hell.
The reverend gentleman must be following closely
and critically the movements of Mayor Phelan, the
bubonic Board of Health and the yellow sheet • in
Chinatown.
The Hearst organs are not the only yellow journals
in the country, but when it comes to bubonic jour
nalism they have no rivals.
PRETTY INDOOR DRESS.
The dress represented in the illustra
tion is of white mousseline de sole, gath
ered. , A drapery on the breast forms a
bolero. The fronts fall straight, showing
a gilet of cream guipure. The lower part
is trimmed with an insertion of guipure
between two ruches of mousseline.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-restlbaled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa P*e route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfar* of passengers.
To Chicag-o and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. C 8 Market street.
Huntington is expected to prove to his employes
before he departs for the East that they should look
upon their service to him as a privilege granted by
Providence. It is reasonable to suppose that these
employes have learned before this that the ways oi
Providence are inscrutable.
DISGUSTED BIMETALLISTS.
BRITISH bimetallists, who ever since the big
vote cast for Bryan in 1896 have been hoping
that through some perversity of the American
people the free silver champion might be elected this
fall, have now .fallen into the deeps of despondency.
They have come to the conclusion that Bryan has
abandoned the silver cause and is going to make his
contest this year on altogether different grounds.
The London National Review is the principal or
gan of the British silver men, and for the purpose
of keeping its readers posted on the chances of bi
metallism in this country it maintains at Washington
City a correspondent, Moreton C. Bradley, who
every month contributes an extensive article on
American affairs. That gentleman has of late become
disgusted, and in the current number of the Review
mourns over the fall of. Bryan. .
In the course of his article Mr. Bradley says: "The
Democrats have really abandoned the silver issue and
are concentrating all their efforts on anti-expansion.
As Mr. Bryan is conceded to be the Democratic
nominee, he cannot stultify himself by admitting there
is nothing in the cry of free silver, and that when in
1896 he offered silver as a panacea for all ills he was
trying to foist off upon the public a quack remedy.
For the sake of consistency he still touts silver, but
it is one of the most significant signs of the times
that Mr. Bryan says less about silver and more about
imperialism; free trade he no more mentions, but
on trusts he is strong and eloquent."
Commenting upon this statement from the Wash
ington correspondent, the editor of the Review says:
"English bimetallists have watched the career of Mr.
Bryan (who so nearly obtained the Presidency of
the United States in 1896) with interest and admira
tion. He seemed to be a strong, capable and indepen
dent man, entirely devoted to the cause with which
his name and fame are associated, and looking neither
to the right nor the left, but keeping his eye riveted
on the goal. Apart from this personal regard we
"have a political stake in his fortunes. A strong silver
party in the United States is vital to the victory of
bimetallism, whether it be achieved by that, country
single-handed or by a combination of countries. We
are among those who believe that if the American
people have sufficient moral courage they can settle
this great question once and for all, but we doubt
whether Democracy is sufficiently powerful to cope
with plutocracy. Mr. Bryan appears to share this
doubt. For how' can his present pro-Boer agitation
be explained unless it be intended to cover a strate
gic withdrawal on the silver question?"
Thus the British backers of Mr. Bryan, who hoped
that through : him the people of the United States
would undertake to make, fifty cents' worth of silver
bullion pass current as a dollar, have lost faith in him.
Their admiration is gone, and what they most mourn
for, their "political stake in his fortunes," has gone
with it. They now perceive that their favorite is no
more than a demagogue using any cause that seems
popular as a means of advancing himself, and their
disgust is deep. /
EVEN on land, forty miles an hour Is a high speed. Not
many years ago it was the test record of our fastest ex
presses. That it should be accomplished by a boat seems
well nigh incredible. Yet it has been done by the new
British torpedo-boat destroyer Viper, equipped with the Par
sons steam turbines instead of ordinary engines. The first boat
of this type, the Turbinia. created a sensation at a naval review
two or three years ago by reason of her phenomenal speed; but
the Viper^s more than. twice as large as her predecessor, the
principal dimensions being: Length 210 feet, beam 21 feet, dis
placement 350 tons. The indicated horsepower is about 11,000.
The writer of a brief notice In Industries and Iron (London,
February 16) says of the vessel:
"The most nbtlceable feature in a boat engined with Par
sons' turbines Is the entire absence of vibration, which enables
guns to be trained much more accurately than when reclpro-
eating engines are used. Other advantages which will appeal
more directly to engineers are the facts that turbine engines
take up considerably less space, consume less coal per horse
power, require less care and attention when running and are
cheaper in first cost than ordinary engines.
"The turbine engines of the Viper are similar to those of
Goes Forty Miles an Hour Through the Water.
CALIFORNIA LAND SURVEYS.
AT the recent session of the Legislature there was
enacted a joint resolution which, after reciting
the wide difference in the progress made by the
officials of the Federal Government in surveying pub
lic lands in* California and that made elsewhere, and
directing attention to the importance of such surveys,
instructs the Senators and requests the Representa
tives of the State of Washington to urge the comple
tion of the public surveys in California and prompt
filing of plats in local land offices, to the! end that the
public lands be made available for settlement and im
provement.
The facts of the case are such as *o render it impera
tive that our Congressmen inquire into the matter.
Statistics published in The Call yesterday show that
during the year 1889 the amount added to the surveyed
area of public land in this State was only 8387 acres,
but during the same year there were added to the sur
veyed public lands in Arizona, ft 02,658 acres; Colo
rado, 145,213: Idaho, 788,503; Minnesota, 99.021; Mon
tana. 1,893,662; Nebraska, 8057; Nevada, 136,545; Ne\V
Mexico, 342.406; North Dakota. 2,259,095; Oregon,
382,175; South Dakota, * 1,720,404; Utah, 621,174;
Washington, 637,636; Wyoming, 697,449.
A mere cursory reading of the figures shows there
lias been a vast discrimination against. California in
the work of opening public lands for settlement. The
figures, however, do not tell the whole story. In
other States and Territories where there are public
lands there are Land Commissioners or Assistant
Commissioners having charge of the work of sur
veying. In California there is no such officer and con
sequently when surveys have been made here the plats
must be sent to the General Land Office at Washing
ton for approval before they are filed with the local
land offices.
There may be good reasons why these differences
exist between the system of land surveying which the
Government applies to California and that which pre
vails elsewhere, but the reasons are not apparent on
the face of the facts. It is therefore the duty of our
Congressmen to inquire into the matter and find out
if some remedy cannot be found for a condition of
affairs that amounts to a serious evil. The interests
and the welfare of the nation will be served as well by
the settlement of the public lands in California as by
the settlement of such lands in other localities and
something other than public considerations is there
fore likely to be among the reasons why this State is
treated differently from others. Investigation may
therefore result in the discovery of an abuse which the
Government will be prompt to check.
THE DEAD LION OF AFRICA.
JOUBERT, the strong lion of the Dark Conti
nent, is dead. He was born of a family that set
tled in Africa two hundred and fourteen years
ago. What education he had was self-gained and his
military skill was inherent. It is interesting to see
through his lineage and career the close analogy be
tween the Boers and our own ancestors, the men and
commanders of the American revolution. The families
of nearly all the officers and soldiers of that revolution
had been domesticated on this continent more than
one hundred and fifty years. The Boers, like them,
had learned military tactics in the native wars.
Joubert organised the farmers of the Transvaal into
a quick-moving and hard-striking military force, al
most exactly on the lines of the "minute men" of New-
England, who did the first fighting at Lexington and
Concord and at Bunker Hill. We may see his ana
logue in our history, in Putnam, Knox, Ethan Allen,
Greene, Anthony Wayne, George Rogers Clark,
Sumpter and Francis Marion.
In the flush of his powers and the prime of his
years it is doubtful if any cotemporary soldier in
Europe could excel him under conditions of equality
as to armament and resources. His battles were all
fought against odds. At Majuba Hill he was outnum-
bered more than three to one and so through the
whole series of engagements in which his tactics were
used and his spirit inspired the armies of his country.
England understood perfectly the necessity for put
ting in the field in her present campaign ten soldiers
to Joubert's one and ten guns to his one in order to
overwhelm him. In all the history of warfare it has
not before occurred that a commander, isolated from
the sea, with difficulties and distance on all sides, un
der every possible discouragement and disadvantage,
with no substantial help from the strong nations and
enjoying only the covert sympathy of the weak, has
so trained his people, armed them, fortified his
Strategic points and presented them in such form. that
the world's greatest empire is compelled to count ten
of its soldiers only equal to one of his! Now that this
captain of his countrymen, this- watchful lion of the
veldt and kopje^ is dead, one can wish that the British
authorities had omitted the slander and defamation
with which they covered his fame while he was mak
ing his last fight, not against them, but an enemy that
they cannot outnumber. The Boer general, who will
rank with the world's great captains, was charged
by the British correspondents with cowardice and it
was published that his countrymen were about to put
him to death. But the grim old fighter stayed on the
field, in service, at his duty, planning the defenses of
his country to the last possible hour and only reached
his pillow in time to lay_ off his war harness and put
on immortality.
Every good heart in the wide world aches with the
Boer heart in this bereavement of a nation. It is one
of the inscrutable tragedies of life and of history.
His name held the outnumbering enemy at bay. Lord
Roberts, with the military resources of an empire at
command, had planned to lie in safe Bloemfontein
and wait for reinforcements, for the addition of men
and guns to his existing preponderance of ten to one,
hefore moving forward to meet General. Joubert's
forces. But the dirge that sounds for Joubert is
jangled by the charge forward, blown by the British
bugles. The soldier who made one of his country
men worth ten of the enemy will make war no more
and the invader feels safe in moving forward. But
outside of the sordid empire, where Ahab and Jezebel
lust for the vineyard of Naboth, the whole world
stands uncovered in respectful ascription to the mem
ory of Joubert, the soldier, patriot and Christian gen
tleman, the greatest of the Africans.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 29.— Dr. J. Q.
for that reason the stories of a military menace to Per
sia. India and Syria at the same time are to be re
garded with a good deal of doubt.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, y March 29.— Major
Frank McLaughlln of San Francisco is at
the Raleigh."/ ; _ / .' , ?'¦': \ / ;. *
The liberal use, of disinfectants in the Chinese
quarter suggests that a liberal use of germ destroyers
might be made to advantage in certain quarters of
the City Hall. The Board of Health should not for
get that charity begins at home.
When Mayor Phelan .discovers anything "peculiar"
in the motives or actions of others it is safe to as
sume that he is drawing his opinion from that store
house of experience which is purely personal.
It seems inevitable for misery to love^ company.
The Silver Republicans intend to meet in, Los An
geles at the same time as the Democrats.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE LONGEST REACH— A. S., Red-
ding, Cal. -Fitzsimmons has a longer arm
reach than "Kid" McCoy.
BLOOD PURIFIER— E. A., City. If you
wish to dispose of a blood purifier and de
sire to take out a license make appllca-"
tlon at the city department where licenses
are Issued. • ¦ "
GENERAL . O'NElLL —Subscriber,
Cityr The Omaha Bee has kindly fur
nished the following answer to; the ques
tion I about the remains of the • late Gen
eral' John O'Neill: < "General John O'Neill,
whose remains are buried In Holy Sepul
cher Cemetery. ; Omaha, are not those of
General John O'Neill of Brigade 1733. the
last major . of the regiment of Welsh in
the French .war.". The one who is at rest
in the- cemetery named was bornln'lre
land in 1534, fought on the Union . Bide
THE FAT IN
the food supplies warmth
and strength ; without it the
digestion, the muscles, the
nerves and the brain are
weak, and general debility
follows. But fat is hard to di-
gest and is disliked by many.
supplies the fat in a form
pleasant to take and easy
to digest. It strengthens the
nerves and muscles, invig-
orates mind and body, and
builds up the entire system.
- s dc. sod $ 1 .00, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE. Chemists. New York.
Mrs. de Sllke — I wish to give a memorial
of some kind to the church in memory
of a relative. What would you suggest?
Struggling pastor— A — er— an appropri-
ately decorated— er— new church furnace,
madam, and a— a— few tons of coal.— New
York Weekly.
Abusive.
Mrs. Bingo— You must be careful what
you say to the cook, dear, or she will
leave.
Bingo— Why. was I hard on her?
* "Were you! "Why, any one would havo
thought you wore talking to me." -
: Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 810 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
PERSONAL MENTION.
James Whitaker, a merchant of Gait. Is
at the Lick.
T. B. Cutter, an attorney of Eureka, is
at the Lick. '.:'^
John H. Curran, a jeweler of New York,
is at the Palace.
Ben M. Maddox, an attorney of Visalia,
is at the Grand.
Dr. Jur E. de Grau, who registers from
Holland, is at the Lick.
W. H. Perry, a wealthy lumberman of
LO3 Angeles, is at the Lick.
J. M. Davis, a wealthy rancher of
Marshfield, is at the Russ.
Benard Stahl. a cigar manufacturer of
New York, is at the Palace.
J. S. White, a heavy dealer In lumber
at Omaha, is at the Occidental.
E E. Manhelm, a prominent business
man of Fresno, is at the Occidental.
R. Robertson, proprietor of the Gilroy
Hot Springs, and his wife are at the Lick.
C Kendall, a manufacturer of Toledo,
and his wife are guests at the Occidental.
Rev. '!«• Paul Rennolds. chaplain, U. S.
N., is at the Occidental, on his way to
Manila. ._.
HA. Jastro, chairman of the Board of
Supervisors of Kern County, is at the
Grand.;
' E Rltzmar de Grove, a prominent at
torney of New York, and his wife are at
the Palace.
Percy L. Schuman of Chicago, who is
heavily interested in California mines, is
at the Palace.
A R. Flower, a brother of the late Gov
ernor Flower of New York, is at. the Pal
ace with his wife. W?^-d
Alden Anderson, a prominent fruit
grower of Suisun and Speaker, of the As
sembly, is at the Palace.
Rear Admiral Kempff and his family
are at? the Occidental, preparing to oail
on the Mall steamer Hongkong Mara for
the Orient. •
H.~ M. Yerington, general manager of
the Virginia and Triickee Railroad, with
headquarters at Carson City, Is at the
Palace with his wife.;
Captain E. T. Strong, recently appoint
ed to '. command the monitor Monadnock
on the Asiatic station; is at the Occidental.
He has '<' not visited :~ this city since
1573, when he was on a vessel stationed in
the harbor. ;
' "' W. : D..Steele of Marion,. lnd., a brother
of Congressman Steele. and William P.
Bradford, Treasurer of Grand County,
Ind.',? are at the; Russ. . They have been
spending the winter in Arizona and are
now on their way home.
IMxon of San Francisco Is at the Waldorf.
O. P. Downing of San Francisco Is at the
Imperial. J. Rush Baird of San Fran
cisco is at the Fifth Avenue.
through the Civil War. 1861-5, commanded
that portion of the Fenian army which In
vaded Canada from Buffalo in 1867. and at
St. Albans. Vt.. in ISTO. From that time
until his death in 18TS. he organized colo
nies in the East for settlement in Nebras
ka. The most successful of these was es
tablished in Holt County, and its largest
town bears his name.
THE ACTIVITY OF RUSSIA.
r~i CCORDING to reports from Europe, the Rus-
I V sians have swung away from the Czar's aspira
* tions for peace and are now undertaking mili
tary movements upon a scale of almost unparalleled
magnitude. Not content with crushing the ancient
liberties of Finland on their northwestern frontier and
encroaching upon China in the extreme East, they are
said to be menacing the frontier of India, establishing
something like domination in Persia and demanding .
of the Sultan concessions which will give them a para
mount influence in Asia Minor.
The very magnitude of these reported enterprises
casts suspicion upon the accuracy of the reports. It is
hardly credible that any Government would enter
upon a policy of aggrandizement which will rouse so
many formidable antagonists at once. In Finland, in
deed, Russia has been allowed a free hand and may
have the same freedom from restraint in setting up
domination over Persia, but at every other point
where her armies are said to be massing there are
certain to be foes, either one of whom is sufficiently
powerful to compel respect. Over the Indian fron
tier Great Britain stands guard. Germany, with her
important railway concessions in Syria, will not read
ily permit Russia to control the regions through which
the roads are to run, while for the defense of Korea
Japan is ready to fight and will doubtless have the
backing of Germany and Great Britain.
A recent dispatch from Berlin stated the German
Government would preserve a strict neutrality between
the Russians and the Turks in the controversy over
the Syrian railways. It is to be noted, however, that
the German press has been outspoken in its manifesta
tions of a desire that German interests there be care
fully guarded and there is moreover a good deal of
significance in the statement of Count yon Bulow in
the Reichstag on Tuesday that there have been
marked changes in the political conditions of Europe
since 1808 and that an enlarged navy is now more
necessary to Germany than ever.
With such antagonism confronting Russia at three
points of her reported aggressions it is hajdly likely
that her statesmen will push them to the extent of
war in either case. Russia is not yet ready to fight
Japan for the possession of Korea and domination over
the Asiatic side of the North Pacific Ocean. , She may
undertake that war when the Siberian Railway is com
pleted, but she will not force it before that time.
Neither is it at all probable that with her railway
projects in Central Asia on hand she will venture to
rouse Great Britain, while any aggressions in Syria
that would compel the. Germans to take up the cause
of the Sultan would be a folly of the greatest magni
tude.
Russia is always advancing. "She has all Asia for a
field and has been extending her dominion over the
wild tribes and desolations of the vast regions' of that
continent for more than a hundred years. She will
eventually dominate all of it that does not pass under
the control and have the protection of some great
civilized power. The nations, however, are watching
her and two of them— Germany and Great Britain
have Asiatic ambitions as well as herself. Common
prudence on the part of her statesmen will dictate that
she avoid a contest with both of them at once and
A man was murdered in this city a few days ago for
25 cents. This is fixing the standard of value for a
human life somewhat low. It might be wise to appeal
to some of our commercial societies to revise the price
THE EXPERIENCE OF GLASGOW.
THE paper read to the Berkeley Club last year by
Mr. Robert Watt, which The Call published
yesterday, is a very timely and most valuable
contribution to the discussion of public ownership of
public utilities. The time of its delivery and the body
before which it was read join to separate it from the
semi-partisan controversy which will soon occur upon
the question which it discusses and make it rather
an authority that may be safely resorted to for the
facts, upon which all must rely who desire to be
euided by experience.
Mr. Watt makes it plain that we must segregate
%2ter supplies and their cost, classifying them ac
cording to the extent to which the clouds share in
the storage and evaporation in the consumption of
water. The mean annual rainfall in San Francisco is
given ct 23 inches; at Sacramento, 19 inches; at San
Jose, 13 inches; Fresno, 7 inches; San Diego, 9
inches; Lake Tahoe, 47 inches, the highest in the
State.
The average for the State of California is 21 inches.
The annual mean for Belfast is 40 inches; Bordeaux,
34 inches; Cork, 40 inches; Dover, 37 inches; for all
England, 33 inches; for the British isles, 44 inches;
Greenock, 61 inches; Manchester, 36 inches; Rome,
30 inches; the whole world's mean annual rainfall is 36
inches, and that of the whole United States is 36.7
inches.
The mean annual rainfall in the different States is:
Alabama, 30 inches; Arizona, 13; Arkansas. 41; Colo
rado, 20; Connecticut, 49; Dakotas, 21; Delaware, 31;
District of Columbia, 43; Florida, 52; Georgia, 51;
Idaho, 16; Illinois, 44; Indiana, 45; Indian Territory,
33: lowa, 39: Kansas. 30; Kentucky, 47; Louisiana,
59: Maine, 36; Maryland, 39: Massachusetts, 43:
Michigan, 36; Minnesota, 28; Mississippi, 45; Miss
ouri, 38; Montana, 13; Nebraska, 28; Nevada, 11;
New. Hampshire, 39; New Jersey. 48; New Mexico,
13: New York, 38; North Carolina, 60; Ohio, 40;
Oregon, 38: Pennsylvania. 42; Rhode Island, 46;
South Carolina, 43; Tennessee, 55; Texas, 25; Utah,
16; Vermont, 34; Virginia, 47; Washington, 45; West
Virginia, 40: Wisconsin, 34; Wyoming, 12.
These figures divide the arid from the moist re
gion very sharply. Arizona with 13 inches, Califor
nia with 21, Colorado 20, Dakota 21, Idaho 16, Mon
tana 13, Nevada ii, New Mexico 13. Utah 16 and
Wyoming with 12 inches of rain annually and a mean
for the entire group of 15 inches annually, present
conditions of water supply that are widely different
from thos* found in regions not only of greater rain
fall, but where it is not limited to a fixed rainy season,
but is distributed throughout the year.
Added to this low rate of precipitation we must
estimate the evaporation during the dry season and
when we apply to water storage the two factors of low
rainfall and high evaporation we find a problem of
supply totally different from that presented in the
perpetually moist parts of the earth like Glasgow and
the cities of this country east of the Missouri River.
The mean of the world and of the United States be
ing 36 inches and of the British isles 44 inches, we
must see at once that allowance must be made- for
the great difference between those means and one of
15 inches, more than one-half less than the mean of
the wor!d and the United States, and but little exceed
ing a third of the mean of the British isles.
If these physical conditions, so vividly suggested by
Mr. Watt's paper, are studied,- they will materially
modify some extravagant expectations that people
are in the habit of having regarding public owner
fhip.
HAVANA, March 26. 1900.
r™*\RLY In May there is to be held in
I Cuba a general election. It is to
1^ be the first effort at general self-
government of the Cuban people.
A Mayor and Common Council are
to be elected in each of the cities
of the island, and on .these is to de
volve the duty of electing delegates to a
convention which is to De charged with
the Important duty of framing a national
constitution. There are to be twenty dele
gates from each of the five provinces,
making 100 in all, and there is a growing
agitation over this impending political
event. &V£?2Ji l '£'&
The rights of suffrage have been rough
ly fixed by the United States authorities
for this Initiative in the founding of a
nation. Every Cuban who can read and
write, who owns land or has other prop
erty of the value of $250, or who was a
soldier In the Cuban army, is to be al
lowed to vote. The Spaniards occupy a
rather uncomfortable position. By- royal
decree of their sovereign' they have been
required to register If they desire to re
tain allegiance to Spain. The limit for
registration is April 10, after which time
those who fail to register may have the
legal status of citizens of Cuba, unless an
Inhibition is placed upon them by the new
constitution. Evidently some fear of that
outcome Is felt, as it is estimated that at
least two-thirds of the Spanish subjects
are registering their Intention of main
taining their allegiance. '
As comprehensive as these conditions
are they do not suit the Cuban leaders.
In the impatience of these head men in
this matter a fair reflex of the Cuban
character is afforded. Their impatience
at the slow process that places them in
power is manifest in every move that. they
make. They cannot contain themselves
until such time as they shall come in full
and unbridled control of things. Meet-
Ings are held almost every day and night,
at which the burden of the cry is for uni
versal suffrage. At a meeting of the Cu
ban National party last night, over which
Alejandro Rodriguez presided and Gon-
¦ ¦ _ ¦-, -.r-.. -•-.••.¦•...
An A /a me da Editor Writes of the Plans for the First General Election.
zalo Perez acted as secretary, it was im
pressed upon all present that nothing
short of universal suffrage would do. The
discussion Is always fiery at these politi
cal meetings. It is more of the nature of
that which precedes and leads up to a
revolution than of that which is the pre
cursor of a peaceful organization of a new
republic.
The reason for this desire for universal
suffrage is well understood here. The Cu
ban leaders fear that with the ballot re
stricted even to the limited extent pro
posed it will be In such responsible hands
that they may experience trouble in re
taining control. They want the rag-tag
to vote — the off-scourings of all classes
and shades: and nobody can form an Idea
of the unfitness of. this element to exer
cise suffrage unless he is on the ground.
There may be some high-minded Cubans
among those in the lead who are actu
ated by genuinely patriotic motives in
standing out for universal suffrage, but I
have not been able .from quite extended
inquiry to satisfy myself of that fact.
Their whole purpose seems to be to get
control of the government at the earliest
possible moment.
The Cubans now prominent In affairs are
largely those who composed the Juntas In
the li nited States and elsewhere during
the war— who maintained the bureaus of
publicity and exerted themselves to create
public sentiment in the United States. The
fighting was done mostly by, negroes, and
it is a marvel to. those who are able now
to size up the revolution how the handful
of ragamuffins and outcasts that were
marshaled as the Cuban army were able
to'maintaln any organization, or even to
escape annihilation long before interven
tion was provoked. It must have been
wholly due to that marvelous. Incapacity
cf the Spanish authorities that In the war
with the United States astounded the
modern world. When evacuation was ef
fected nearly 50,000 soldiers embarked for
Spain at the port of Havana alone. When
the war ended there must have been up
wards of ICO.OOO in the island.
The work Is proceeding at departmental
headquarters of preparing for this forth
coming election. There is a great amount
of detail to be arranged. The date has
not been positively set yet. but it Is ex
pected that it will be May 10. Evea the
CUBANS PREPARING TO FOUND
A NEW NATION AT THE POLLS
conditions of the franchise may b« re
vised. The purpose is to afford the great
est latitude compatible with safety. While
the Cubans expect to be given full sweep
very soon after the election Is held, the
United States authorities take frequent
occasion to declare that the election is
experimental. It is plain enough that there
is a desire to see how the experiment will
work, and that added power will not at
once be placed in the hands of the Cubans
unless they demonstrate their capacity to
use this wisely.
• It is believed by some that the elections
will be the occasion for much disturbance
and rioting. The natural bent of the Cu
ban to turbulence is some warrant for
such prediction, but until the terms and
conditions of the franchise are fixed it is
difficult to say what is likely to take place.
It is felt, however, that if any consider
able element is disfranchised, either di
rectly or indirectly, outbreaks are very
likely to occur.
While everybody takes It for granted
that the United States forces are finally to
withdraw, in accordance with the declared
policy of the Government, nobody experts
the troops to be removed for a consider
able time, even after a constitution is got
into working order. Plenty of time is sure
to be taken to see how any effort and all
efforts at self-government will work. The
T United States forces now command the
situation. Though they effected Cuban
independence, they are loved scarcely
more by the Cubans than were the Span
iards. Should the United States withdraw
prematurely, and should anything happen
that would make Intervention again neces
sary, the island would have to be recon
quered. The scenes of Santiago would
have to be re-enacted, either there or
elsewhere, for It is perfectly understood
that the Cubans, once they have sway,
will give no heed to advice or admonition
from the United States. Cuba will be an
unruly and lawless child, to be watched
over and even protected in her quarrels,
but not subject to reproof and not to be
guided so as to avoid the dangers and pit
falls which the headstronar and heedless
are prone to fall Into. The problem in
Cuba is a, greater one than the* American
nation as yet appreciates.
T. G. DANIELLS.
VIPER— THE NEW BRITISH TORPEDO-BOAT DESTROYER.
the Turbinia, but in duplicate, and consist of two distinct sets.
one on each side of the vessel. There are four screw shafts In
all, entirely independent of one another, the two shafts on one
side being driven by one high anil one low pressure turbine re
spectively. The two low-pressure turbines drive the inner
'shafts, and to each of these shafts a small reversing turbine Is
also permanently coupled and revolves idly with the shaft when
going ahead. These reversing turbines provide sufficient power
to drive the vessel astern at a speed of 15 knots. The screw
shafts are carried by brackets as usual; and two propellers are
placed on each shaft, the foremost in each case having a
• slightly lesser pitch than the after one. There are thus eight
propellers in all. The thrust from the screw shafts is entirely
balanced by the steam acting on the turbine, so that there Is
extremely little friction.
.• . * "The boilers, auxiliary machinery and condensers ar© of
the type usual in such vessels, but their size is somewhat In
creased to meet the much larger horsepower to be developed.
This compensates for the lesser weight of the main engines,
shafting, propellers, as well as the lighter structure of tha
engine beds. The boilers are of the Yarrow type, and the hull
and all fittings are of. the usual design."
The Republicans of Alameda are greatly exercised
over the election of a delegate at large to the national
convention. This is justified by'the fact probably that
there is a natural desire on the part of citizens to
attend what will be perhaps the greatest ratification
meeting in the history of the ; nation!'^
FASTEST VESSEL IN THE WORLD.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY^ MARCH 30, 1900.
FRIDAY MARCH 30, 1000
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Wdret» AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. .Market and Tfclrd. 8. K.
Telephone Mb In 18CS.
KDITonJAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steve»«»n St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnsle Coplea. C Cents.
Terms Uy .Mr.il. Including roataarei
DAILT CAU* (including Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILT CALL, (lncludfa* Sunday), c months 3.00
JDAILT CaX^L. (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILT CALL—By Single Month «So
6UNTJAT CALL One Tear 1-50
WEBKLT CALL On« Tear 100
All ¦uttmsxtrm are anthorlaed to receive
¦ ab«crlptloß(.
Bampto oople« will be forwarded when requested.
OAKUAB OFFICK 1118 Broadwmr
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, M»rquette Building, Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTON .. Herald Square
ICBSW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune BuiWing
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS i
Sherman Hocae: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
rrrocot Boose; Auditorium Hotel.
NBJW TORK NEWS STANDfI:
W«l4oef-Aotorla Hotel; A. Breotano. SI Union Square:
Ksxray HHI Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
XBJLK OH OPTICBB— IV Montgomery, corner of CJay. open
ostfl »:S0 o'clock. 800 Hayee. open until 9:30 o'clock. 659
MoAlUater. open until 0:30 o'clock. 613 Lar'sin. open until
6:30 o'clock. IMI Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2251
UarkaC oorner Birt»«nth, open until 8 o'clock. 1099
Vala&ala, open ¦urtil I o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until
• o'clock. KW. corner Twenty-second and. Kentucky,
«pan tr&Ul • o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Mr. Smooth."
Tivoll— "Manila Bound."
California— "Pudd'nhead WUson-"
California— Padwwski. this afternoon.
Alcarar— "Aunt Jack."
Orpheum— Vau 4«»\-ill c .
Grand Oi>era-house— "EJ Capltan."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
*v#ninsr.
Olvrcpia, corner of Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Piscoer** New Concert House— "II Trovatore."
Oakland Race Track— Races. S
CaL glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
AT* V K.K.TTMHM KNTM .9
6that part of the film that has been acted
upon by light to turn dark. The sulphite
of soda Is known, as the . "clearing solu
tion." This controls the color In the nega
tive. By .varying the strength of these
chemicals in the developer to be used on
the different exposures different effects
can be obtained. For Instance, suppose it
is known that the plate is undertimed.
more of the carbonate of potassium should
be added, while if the plate is overtimed
more of the pyrogallic acid should be
useo." ,If the negative shows too much
yellow In it there should be more of the
sulphite of soda used. If the negative has
a black or blue-black color too much sul
phite of soda has been used. The best
color for the negative is generally thought
to be a faint tinge of yellowish-green.
>ow that It Is understood what action the
different chemicals have on the film the
developing may be proceeded with.
Place the plate in the tray, film side up.
Grasp the tray with the left hand. Take
the developer In the right hand and Row
it over the plate quickly. Do not do this
roughly, as that would cause air bells,
which would settle on the film and cause
} transparent spots. It is rather a hard
J matter to understand Just when a negative
should first begin to show the image, and
a still harder one to tell when It la fin
ished. However, to make things as simple
as possible it Is suggested that when the
plate has been in the developer from
twenty-four to thirty seconds the imag»
should begin to show in the strongest high
lights. This is what may be called a nor
mally timed negative. If. however, the
high lights fall to appear inside thirty sec
onds It may be considered an undertimed
plate and should be treated accordingly.
First a few drops of the carbonate of
potassium from the stock solution bottte
should be added to the developer. If the
plate 1s not too much undertimed this may
suffice.. If thia, however, falls to bring It
all right make up a fresh developer, using
about twice the amount of water and
about one-third more of the carbonate of
poiasslum. Pour this over the plate and
cover the tray and l<»t It sit for some time.
"When the shadows begin to show the
detail pour off this solution and pour on
normal developer and finish the develop
ment. If. on the other hand, the plate
shows In less than twenty-four seconds
the plate should be treated for overtime.
If it is only slightly overtime— say It
shows in about eighteen or twenty sec
onds—a few drops of pyrogallic acid solu
tion will usually make it all right. If it
should be considerably overtimed, say It
should show in ten seconds, the proper
treatment would be to use a few drops of
a 10 per cent solution of "bromide of po
tassium." This solution is made by tak
ing one ounce of bromide of potassium
and ten ounces of water, whlcn make a
! ten per cent solution. If the plate is over
timed add two or three drops of this and
It will help matters. But if too much Is
added it will only make bad matters
worse by causing another trouble, which
is a clogeing of the halftones and high
lights. Therefore, be very careful how
it is added. For convenience, however,
the normally timed plate will be -dealt
with here.
After the plate is flowed with the de
veloper and it has shown in say twenty
six seconds, the next thing that will puz
zle the novice is when to take the plate
out of the developer. One way to Judgf*
when a plate is developed far enough, and
one that has proved very satisfactory, la
to develop until the detail Is all out of the
deepest shadow in the picture when ex
amined by holding the negative up to the
developing light and looking through it
from the back. Another way is to de
velop until the high lights show through
on the back of the plate when looked at
as one would when lookiny at a picture
or when reading a letter. This Is one of
the most difficult things to understand
and can only be acquired by constant
practice. After the plate is developed
take it from the developer and rinse for
at least one minute under the tap or pour
several dippers of water over it. Then
place It In the "fixing bath." This fixing
bath is made of hyposulphite of soda and
water to test So degrees by the hydtn
meter. As the hyposulphite of soda is
cheap. It would not cost much to make It
up fresh for each lot of plates, and this
will be found to be the most satisfactory
in Its results. The plate should remain
in this bath for about five minutes after
all the creamy appearance has left the
back of the plate. Do not expose the'
plate to white light until after all this
creamy appearance has disappeared, as
it will cause the negative to have misty or
fogged shadows. When taken from the
fixing bath It should be washed for at
least thirty minutes under the tap or
flven about twelve or fifteen changes of
resh water of five minutes each. After
this washing the surface should be
"mopped" off with a wet tuft of absorbent
cotton to remove any sand or dirt that
may have been left by the waters Now
the negative is ready to hang up and dry
It should be set or hung In a dry place,
and. If possible, in a cool place, as thia
helps It to dry smoother and gives a more
firm surface.
~— ¦— — — —
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
, Sprlnsr Term. 1900.
Mondays: American Political Parties
Tuesdays: Twenty Lessons in French
Conversation and Recent Scientific Dis
coveries. Wednesdays and Thursdays-
Golden Ages of Literature. Fridays-
Photography for Amateurs. Saturdays:
Biographical Studie-t for Girls. These
courses will continue until May 31. 1900
Examinations will be held at their close
as a basis for the granting of certificates.
ANOTHER BIG VAUDEVILLE TfiIUMPH.
Charles' sweet.
KENO. WELCH and MELROSE:
A. L. GUILLE; LONET HASKELL.
THE MISSES McCOT and SAM MARION-
W. C. FIELDS: NEILSON SISTERS; WES-
TON and TOST.
WALTER JONES and NORMA WHALLEY.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Ralcony. 19c; Opera
Chairs and Bax Seats. 50c.
Matlrees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
*TIVOLi*
CROWDS AND APPLAUSE TELL OF SUC-
CEPSV.
TVE HAVE ANOTHER TRIUMPH IN THE
MUSICAL EXTRAVAGANT.
Manila Bound!
Don't Mies the PATRIOTIC FTXALE and
"THE HOOT MON GOLF BALLET!"
WE HAVE A FAMILY MATINEE TO-MOR-
Curtain rises evening* »t 8:10.
POPULAR PRFCKS— 25c and 50c.
TELEPHONE RUSH 9.
SPECIAL NOTICE— We will shortly produce
"TKE WIZARD OF THE NILE."
DRIVEN FROM
TRANSVAAL BY
THE BOER WAR
l
California Mining Man Tells
About South African
Burghers.
1 Randall.
I Ashler No. 165— R. P. Falconer.
Pueblo No. 16S — George White.
Newark No. 169-Harry Watkins.
Maxwell No. 170— O. Tearson.
YoEemite No. 171— F. Holland. F. T. Hilton,
T. A. Hoover. E. W. Hollenbeck, A. E. Ritter. j
Santa Barbara No. 172— T. M. Mogan.
Ventura No. 17J— T. S. Le Blanc.
Memorial Nr>. 174 —C. S. Hoffman. Jacob
Sehelllns. M. TVelwrihuUer.
West End No. 175— H. H. Reid, George Love
| cl X % lamath No. 176-C. A. lunker
Friendship No. 173— F. J. McGulre, J. J.
Donovan. _.„;.' _
Triumph No. ISO— John Qulnn. William F.
Smallman. Panlel Sewell. J. H. Cattran.
Hill's Ferry No. 181-A. E. Clary, J. P. Har
ris.
Turlock No. IS2— O. M. Wilkinson.
Del Norte No. IS3— Thomas Duffy.
Blue Canyon No. IS4— William J. Holmes.
Noe Valley No. ISS— D. Waxd, W. C. Crow
ley.
Teharna No. IS7— John Simpson.
El Monte No. ISS— J. D. Cleminson.
Challenge No. 190-J. D. Parker.
Southern California No. 131— Phil Royar, W.
L. Morgan. -
San Mateo No. 192-C. C. Anderson.
Los Banos No. IS3— John F. \\ ilkins.
HlEuera No. IH-A. G. Pinko
Ponora No. 197— Thomas W. ells.
Porten-ille No. 19S-E. W. Beebe.
Navarro No. 2Co— Robert Kerr.
Nelson No. 102— Andrew F. Jones.
Eden Na M4— Ole Johnson.
Westport No. 207— M. M. Bates.
Valley View No. 208— N. O. Carrlngton.
May No. 209— Thomas C. Kinir.
• Lookout No. 211-P. W. Marcus. #
Han Fernando No. 214-C. R. Rlnaldt.
Dunnlgan No. 215— H. A. Satterlee.
Murphy's No. 217— Andrew J. Cooke.
Los Alamos No. 219-W. F. Wlckender.
Point Arena No. 221— W. L. Williams. .
Alturas No. 222— John Stanley.
Pomona No. 225-J. E. McGowan.
Bay District No. 226— John Bohrer.
Hueneme No. 227— Joseph E. Fr.lton.
Concord No. 229— T. R. Emerson.
East Los Angeles No. 230-A. H. Hpnnlngs.
Cucamorga-Ontarlo No. 231— John Gerry.
Covlna No. 232— A. E. Marshall.
Palos Verdes Nn. 237— W. A. Carpenter.
Pt. Elmo No. 23S— L. O. Powers.
Germanla Na 241— F. Ahren*.
Alta No. 242— J. Jorffensen.
Falrmount No. 247-D. Hurley.
Point Loma No. 24<i— Genrge J. Maely. Charles
A. Coon. O. E. Gahrlelson. A. E. Tarpley.
Eureka Valley No. 252— John T. Kldd.
Blfhop No. 2ofi— W. C. Brlerly.
Monrovia No. 260- W. R. Whl taker.
San Miguel No. 2«l— E. D. Sworthout.
Golden West No. 264— R. O. Davis. Charles
McKay. _
PurtFslma No. 266— \\ . C. Ball.
Kings City No. 274— Aaron Evans.
El Cajon No. 276-H. R. Ellis.
Tres Plnos No. 277— G. Giacomazzl.
Hopland No. 278-J. F. Meyers.
Madera No. 279-R. C. Jay.
PaciflPiGrove No. 2*o— n. W. Beverton.
Northern' Lights No. 2SS— M. Munson.
Vrorkett No. 286— G. R. Gunn. ,
Solano No. 2S7— George H. Ward.
Fullerton No. 2SS-H. C. Head.
Upchurch No. 2S!»— Francis M. Burnham. ,
Alpha No. 290— W. Schlossman.
Riverside No. 292-C. B. Corl.
Waterford No. 293— Thomas J. Crispin.
Stanford No. 294-A. M. Carrel.
Sunnyslde No. 29S— F. O. Gattwlnkel.
Mayfleld No- 296— E. A. Hettinger.
Fremont No. 297— J. G. Johnston.
Fallbrook No. 29S— W. E. Crane.
Funol No.- 299— George W. Buttner.
Morgan Hill No. 300— Martin Hobln.
Champion No. 301— William Davies.
Crocker No. 3^2— J. H. Barren.
Tlburon No. 303— William R. Wllltemood.
University No. SO4->T. ¦ H. Mitchell.
Concordla No. 305— Daniel Matheson.
Dlnuba No. 307— H. Hurst.
Prosperity No. 809— M. W. Fredrick. Joseph
C. Langenderfer, Daniel Garrighty, Frank E.
Wilson.
Orange Grove No. 312— James M. ( Harrison.
Granite No. 314-George Footman.
Pride of the Valley Nd. 315— J. H. Neff.
Gulnda No. 81ft— R. L. Nelmann.
Angels No. ¦820— A. Detjen.^
Boulder Creek No. 323-H. W. West.
Topo Topo No. 325— C. E. King.- .-
Paso Robles No. 332— J. C. Brown.
San Antonio No. 336-J. H. Marttnua.
Ocean No. 337— Fred H. Fraser. .
Crescent No. 335-H. W. Truman.
Garvanza No. 340— Charles W. Wenrich.
Axura No. 341— C. T. Preston.
Fanger No. 342— Benjamin F. Cotton.
Modoc No. 343— J. R. Wilson.
Liberty No. 344— 0. F. Winkler.
Windsor No. 346— W. J^. Runyan.
Banta Tnez No. S4»-N. Glorgl.
Gold Ridge No. 349— James A. Stldger.
North Star No. 352— James W. Erhart.
Guernevllle No. 354— Robert N. Tunstall/"
Potter Valley' No. 356— C- W. Mathews.
Superior No. 361— L. H. Kohn.
Artesla No. 362— G. R. Frampton.
Tesla No. 363— A. D. Stoop.
Perseverance No. 1 364— Henry H. Davis.
America No. 3Rs— James Gallagher.
Southwest N". 366— Clarence Park. f
ANNUAL SESSION
OF GRAND LODGE
UNITED WORKMEN
Members Prom All Sections
of State to Meet Here
Next Week.
? — ' —
Important Subjects Involving Future
Welfare of the Order to Be Dis- i
cussed— Entertainment for
Visitors.
:— ?
Next Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock the
twenty-third annual session of the Grand
Lodge of Ancient Order of United Work
men will open in. the assembly hall of the
Odd Fellows' building. The session will
last for several days. Thero wHl.be pres
ent about four hundred representatives
from two hundred and sixty-six lodges in
the State, who will act for about twenty
one thousand members of the order.
D'jring the session there will be pre
sented a number of amendments to the
laws, and there will be a proposition to
increase the annual per capita tax, which
last year was reduced from $2 50 to $150.
This latter amount it is claimed is not
sufficient to cover the expenses of carry
ing out the extension work of the order.
Grand Foreman Charles E. Snook of
Oakland Is in line to succeed James M.
Collins as grand master, and Grand Over
seer W. E. D. Morrison of Los Angeles
will probably be chosen grand foreman.
The great contest for elective officers will
be tor me position, of grand recorder.
Frank Poland is a candidate for re-elec
tion,.and he has for opponents T. H. Carr
of Nevada City and C. T. Spencer of Mag
nolia Lodge of this city. Carr has been
in the Held before for the office, but Spen
cer is a new candidate.
Monday night representatives to the
grand lodge will be tendered a reception
by the Past Masters 1 Association in Shiels
I building. Tuesday night there will be a
drill for a prise in Odd Fellows' Hall.
Teams from five lodges will compete.
"Wednesday night the grand lodge Oihcert
and representatives will be tendered a re
ception by the ladies of the Degree of
Honor.
The following named, in addition to the
incumbent grand officers, will constitute
the a rand Lodge:
California No. I— J. A. Angnln. L. Nolan.
Oakland No. 2— C. L. Ingler. J. R. L<ogan.
Brooklyn No. 3— O. Whfpple.
San Francisco No. 4— Thomas Jobnstone, F.
L. I'rltchanl, O. Mosbacher.
Alameto No. &— Thomas White.
Occidental No. ft— W. G. Hawkett, J. A. Jack
son, Wj W. Morlson. James T. Drew.
Pacific No. 7— A H. McKowan, E. W. Mars
ton. C. R. Hasw-P, H. W. French, W. J. Peter
een.
Golden Gate No. B— Louis Jacobs. D. B. Llbby.
Harmony No. 9 — M. O'Leary, J. Thlerbach D.
McSweeney. E. A. Smith. Charles 8. Perm.
Z. T. Whitten.
Berkeley No. 10— Charles F. Gorapertz.
Temrle No. 11— H. C. Babcock.
San Leandro No. 15— H. Abernethy.
Fortuna No. 13— J. W. Wright, T. M. Marios,
Percy S. Kins:.
Yerba Buena No. 14— Alexander Wig-more. J.
r>. Shaylor, F. W. Bain, J. B. Clifford, Fred
Rotheanger.
Eureka No. 15— J. H. Steves.
Protection No. 16 — A. Marsh.
Enterprise No. 17 — Andrew Johnson. Ed
Sehlandt. Guy Salisbury, F. J. Donohue. W.
H. Osborne.
Haywards Xo, IS— F. W. Browning, E. K.
Strowbrldre.
Sausalito No. 20— H. J. ComDton.
Union No. lI— M. T. Goethe, H. A. Nauman,
Georce Peterneii, James Popert. J. W. Watt,
F. W. Wledemann, Dr. li. E. Wright.
Yolo No. 22— D. O. Bean, J. A. Mohler.
Stockton No. 2J— George Hinkley. George
Kroeckle, John B. Thorp, Michael Flnnell, A.
D. Aldrich.
San Rafael No. 24— J. F. Manney, J. J. Lakln.
Redwood No. 25— A. J. Beer.
Gilroy No. 26— George E. Tlce, Conrad Her
wlg.
Unity No. 27— James N. Block. H. Grlmshaw
K. Lawton. J. D. Martin, C. W. Peck, Peter
A. Smith. A. W. Tuggey. H. J. Trowbridge.
! Santa Rosa No. 28— J. A. Nash. William Rex.
¦ Fetaluma No. 29 — J. F. Penny.
Valley No. 30— M. J. Biackman, E. A. Brandt.-
William Broderick, James M. Camp, John F.
Glover, John 11. Grady. James J. Hayes, C. E.
Hunt. S. H. Jenner. Thomas H. Lord. P. D.
Mullaney. John W. McCarthy. J. C. Sharp, S.
D. Thurston, C. E. Thurston. E. F. Joy.
Healdsburg No. 31— W. S. Bell.
Cloverdal^ No. 22— S. Plnschower.
Uklah No. 33— F. C. Albertson.
Lakeport No. 34— H. W. Brewer.
Oak Leaf No. 35— C. H. Dunton, YT. J. Hall.
J. A. Colquhoun. M. Isaacs.
Spartan No. 3<>— F. E. Farley. Joseph Michaels,
M. E. Stanford. J. Leffler, H. N. Hall.
Antioch No. 37— H. F. Beede.
MarysvUle No. 38— A. Ladynskl.
Butter No. 39 — B. F. FYlsble.
Orovllle No. 40— Thomas W. Recce.
Macnoll* No. 41 — C. Brlnd, J. Bowman. C.
T. Srr.cer, M. H. Mohnjlck, S. Isaacs, J. Cun
ningham.
Myrtle No. 42— J. M. Lyons.
Mount Hamilton No. 43 — J. J. Bennetts, J. B.
Church. E. A. Mansfield. A. J. Schilling. A.
M. Smith. W. M. Herman, G. I. Van Allen. C.
H. Bacon.
Franklin No. 44— Will J. Beatty.
Watsonvtile No. 45— L. D. Holbrook.
Santa Cruz No. 46— J. 11. Bllodeau, Charles
Craghlll. I. L. Blalsdell.
Sausal No. 47— L. H. Garrlru*.
Vacaville No. 48— J. H. Carver.
Pulsun No. 49— F. William Gabriel.
Dlxon No. 60 — George W. King.
Grt>j>s Valley No. 51— J. C. Williams, L. C.
Snyder. E. J. Heffner. M. W. Arcall.
Nevada City No. 62— T. H. Carr, J. G. O'Neill.
J. A. Ramsey. J. G. Neagle, B. S. Rector, C.
E. Mulloy.
Hercules No. 63— A. P. Woodward, Ed Platz,«
F. E Knowl«. L. M. Manzer.
Wheatland No. 64— H. C. Nlemeyer.
Ixis Angeles No. 65— A. J. Kllleen, Walter
Devereux. F. S. Graham, O. H. Mason, Alex.
Mission No. 66— Timothy Twohlg.
Live Oak No. 67-jH. Luther.
Chico No. 68— A. L. Dean. W. F. Maltby.
Mountain View No. 69— N. W. True.
Washington N. 60— R, A. Lindsay, Julius
Meyer.
Hearts of Oak No. 61— S. A. Penwell.
Vesper No. «2— L. Horton,
Industry No. «3— A. C. Vandervoort.
Keystone No. 64— Eugene Lynch Jr.. J. J.
O" Toole.
Winters No. €5— H. C. Culton.
Colusa No. 68— J. E. McNary. J. F. Rich.
Burns No. S3 — Gus Pohlmann, L. G. Schord.
Jacob' Wierck.
Red Bluff No. S9— C. R. Mayhew.
Mendoclno No. 70— William T. Wallace.
Sharta No. 71— L. H. C. Prehn.
Ft. Johns No. 73— L. J. Nevers, E. Rodecker.
Merced No. 74 — James Leonard, James Carey,
David L. Heffner.
Vallejo No. 75— John Beretta, William Fraeer.
George W. Edgcumbe.
Los Gatos No. 76— J. D. B. Manning.
Milpltas No. »— Henry Abel.
Tulare No. 78— A. L. Wilson.
Vlsalla No. 79— M. J. Rouse, 80l Lowenberg.
Sacramento No. 80— J. J. Boyle, Joseph Beer,
Peter Genlß.
Justice No. 81— H. E. Mattson. W. E. Tlbbet.
Santa Ana No. S2— C. McNeil. H. A. Pea
body.
Silver Star No. St— Joseph Dirnukes.'
Ban Pablo No. 86— E.8. Masterson.
Carquinez No. 90— E. C. Brown. , *
Mount Diablo No. 91— C. Sharp.
Point of Timber No. 92— J. H. Jones.
Reliance No. 93— M. R. Lyle.
Benicla No. 94— John Bennineton.
Placer No. 95— J. K. Correa Jr.
San Benlto No. 9fr— W. D. Lynn, J. J. Bur
nett.
Auburn No. 97— W. J. Robinson.
Monterey No. 98— M. Walters.
Colfax" No. 99— Charles Hanson.
Guardian No. 100— A. A. Ferguson.
Truckee No. 105— George W. GlftVn.
Bridgeport No. 107— James Fogerty.
Folsom No. 109— Herbert L. Luttrell.
Bay City No. Ill— Charles F. Salter, George
TV. Wilson.
Empire No. 112— T. E. B. Rics.
Gait No. 113—8. E. Wrlston.
Butte No. 114— H. A. Betty.
Willows No. 115— C. F. Clarke.
El I>orado No. 11«— J. J. Wond«rly.
Georgetown No. 121— J. G. F. Weldman.
Camptonvllle No. 122— W. B. Meek.
Downlevllle No. 123— John T. Mason.
Forest No. 124— E. J. Wyllle.
Flerra City No. 25— William Penaluna.
Excelsior No. 126— J. 11. McKnlght, J. ,H
Neablt, John Qulnton, R. A. Sarles.
Olympic No. 127— John Drusedom.
Mud Springs No. 128— T. C. Morebeek.
AVilmtngton No. 130— W. 11. Savage.
Pusanvllle No. 134— R. J. Tremaln.
Lake No. 135— H. H. Dakln. -
Fidelity No. 136— T. A. Farless. C. S. Curtis
John Henderson.
Jackson No. 138— J. Meehan. Thomas t*mln
Bald Mountain No. 140— Charles W. Hendel
lone Valley No. 141-C. W. Swain.
Sharon No. 142-C. B. Donnelly. A. 8o<l«rllng.
Cltrue No. 145— John Harrison. ,¦¦
Pasadena No. 151— O. T. Nay, B. H. Orr.
Manwnita No. 154-C. G.^yers.
Main Top No. 15fr-John W. Sutcllffe.
Sugar Loaf No.> 157— William Nankervls.
Putter Creek No. 158— John Miller.
Bay View No. 159— W. J.B. Warner. Fred
erick Bohnenberg. .
Weaver No. 161— T. E. Jones.
Lone Sycamore No. 1«*-N- .B«,"7. B «,"7-
Uanford, No. IM-A, M. Fr^lerick, Oeorr* W.J
Ladles' red ties/worth^ sl 50.^ for 50c a
pair at sale of show; 717 Market street' 1 • 1
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IB A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and BUdder. Sells on -Its own merits
SABER. ALFS &. BRUNE, Agents
S3 Markn tU. £. F.— ta*nd tor Circular*).
FREDERICK J. TEOOART. Librarian.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Gussie Davison . from Sleman ¦: F.
Davison on .the, ground,, of *¦.: extreme
cruelty, Patrick 'Gorman from Ann. Gor
man on;the : Kround. of extreme cruelty,
Lottie Hubbard from Alfred W. : Hubbard
on the ground of failure to provide. Sarah
F. Pollack from David ' C. Pollack on \ the
ground of extreme cruelty and Nlcolasa
Orozoa from -Augustine , Orozoa > for
cruelty. Suits for divorce on? the ground
of , failure to provide have been ¦ filed sby
Minnie M. Pybone against William Pybnne
and Annie Ilarloe against Charles C. Har-
Dr. Wilson, Did Not Arrive.
? Dr. W. Wilson, director of the Philadel
phia Commercial Museum, and * William
Harp*r," chief of the bureau of ; informa
tion of the same institution, were expect
ed to arrive ¦' on the overland train from
the East yesterday afternoon and a- party
of distinguished citißena, headed by
Mayor Phelan, went over. to Oakland to
meet • them. , . There must have been some
misunderstanding, however, for the Phll
adelphians were not ' to be found :on the
train. They will probably, arrive on the
owl :" this morning. In Mayor Phelan's
party there were President Wheeler of
the ; university. Irving M. , Scot t,' AT Sbar
boro and several other prominent citizens.
Dr. -Wilson' anu his -associate are coming
here to assist in the establishment' of the
Pacific . Commercial ; Museum, the organi
zation of, which; is now/ in. the hands of a
committee of representative business men.
PISCHER'Q
A CONCERT HOUSE KJ
/22-f2* O'FAKKELL ST.
T.. A. FISCHER Prop.
GEORGE MOOSER Manager
Tke Btattoaeit Xniie-HiU la Amtriei.
OUR TIME TABLE.
j-0»-ACGi:ST HINRICHS" BUPERB OR-
CHESTRA.
*:2S-£ENOR VABGAfi.
»-yu- fIGNORINA BARDUCCI.
S 22—FIGNOR BADARACCO.
* tt— MISS AGNES FRIED— IO:<».
!• £J— FIONORINA POLLETTINI.
in.2*-MAETER LEO HICKMAN.
•I TO Itt*9—"lL TKOVATOftE."
AUGUST HINRICHS" ORCHEBTRA,
ADMISSION 10 CENTS.
Kert Week— "LA BOHEME" and THE
BEAtrTTFUL gALVINI.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
MARCH 2« to APRIL 7. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Rar'.as Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Tbura-
£ay. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FSve or more races each day.
Itaces rtart at 2:IS p. m. ebarp.
Ferry-boats leave Eao Francisco at 12 m. and
12;S0, L 1:20. 2. iM and S P- to., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
tra^k. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dles and their escorts: no crooking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo arenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
'and. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
sect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
gn direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
B*turninir— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4 C p m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
IT. B. MILROT. Secretary.
Is essential ,to the weak and 111; and equally
beneficial to the well. The fact that the An-
heuser-Busch Brewing Awn prepares It -Is a
guarantee of its merit. ' Sold by all druggists.
LTQUORS-
WHI^KFV CA HEN A SON.
TV niQIVC. V «g Sacramento.
GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
Outfits racked. IRVTNE BROS.. 670 Howard.
ECS Fourth. UC3 Polk and 14« Stockton. 8. F.
FEDERATED CLUBS TO MEET.
The General Federation of Women's
Clubs; is to hold its biennial sessions this
summer in Milwaukee. '.Wls., and there is
already a stir in local organizations in
preparation for -the- meeting, which will
call to the Middle West delegates from
nearly all the. woman's clubs that have
sprung into being throughout the country
within the last quarterof a century. Cali
fornia will be represented pro.bably by in
dividual clubs as well as by the delegates
from the State Federation, which was
called into existence this winter in Los
Angeles, with Mrs.- Burdette as charter
president, for the understanding prevails
that- it Is the sentiment of the General
Federation to preserve club Individuality
in' representation wherever desired.
MATTFSOVS SLUICE WASHER.
Lonr torn, riffles and carpet combined saves
placer gold. VAN WINKLE. UJ Market St.
Editor The Call— lt is the misfortune of
the majority of men to-day that the pressure
of business competition cocrpels them to leave
school at an early age,
and later absorbs their
time to such an extent
that they have but lit
tle .opportunity to
continue the studies
so prematurely discon
tinued. While an im
mense amount of solid
reading is done by the
people of San Francis-
co through the librar
ies, it has long been
felt that some means
was lacking to interest
a still larger public
in the great literary
masterpieces- and in
subjects of importance which lie somewhat but
of the current of everyday discussion.
.• It seems to me that in the admirable arti
cles of The Call ''Home Study Circle 1 ' 'we have
found a most potent foroe for suggesting and
stimulating good reading and the desire for
sound information among all classes of the
community.
FREDERICK J. TEGGART, Librarian.
San Franoiaco, March 13 J 1900.
. —
OOL"> SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
gaily operation. Wm. H. Birch A Co.. 133 Ist.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
LAST IaGHTS OK
Ail JAi
MATTNEE SATURDAY AND BUSDAT.
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
NEXT WEEK—
"QUO VADIS."
BEGETS DESIRE FOR GOOD READING.
Librarian Teggarfs Opinion of The Call's
Home Study Circle.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally. C 5 Slrth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
LAST TWO WEEKS_OF THE SEASON
LAST THREE NIGHTS
EL C4PITAN
T'vMcrrow. Lart Matinee of the Present Ootn-
r*«y.
MONDAY— "THE BEGGAR FTUDENT."
PHONE MAIN 6X2.
USUAL POPULAR* PRICES.
Good ReeerTed Beat la Orchestra, Saturday
Matinee. ISc.
Branch Ticket Of&c* Emporium.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THE [ THE
LION OF • HOUR!
THE KING OF PIANISTS.
THIRD GRAND RECITAL
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:39.
Paderewski
THE GREATEST OF THEM ALL.
La#t Concert Next Monday Afternoon. April S.
Entire Cfcar.pe cf Programme Each Concert.
STEINWAY PIANO USED.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE ONLY GREAT PLAT
Now Bclr.* Produced in San Francises.
••PUDD'INHEAD
WILSON."
A Perfect PTr>ductlnn by Mm. E£wln T. Mayo's
Superb Comranr.
Ar.4 MR. BtTP.n McINTOSH. the Brilliant
Actor.
ONLY MATINEE TO'MOMtOW.
Conyrenrtr-r STTNT>AV AFTERNOON, at 1:15,
"ON TflE SDWANEE RIVER."
A GREAT DRAMATIC NOVELTY. YOU
WILL LIKE IT. YOU CANT
HELP IT.
I# * I
2 Beg to announce their first shipment of NEW GOODS, 2
• comprising •
I Applique Skirts and Suits, j
1 Wash Skirts, ina Sr j
• 7 c
f SPECIAL! * I
S LIGHT GRAY ETON SUITS, ex'ra value %
| for $17.50, will be placed on sale at J
I 8/2.5Q a Suit •
• el
I . 1146 MARKET STREET. !
VIII.— DEVELOPING
BY FELIX RAYMER.
Now that the negative has been made
and we have our darkroom ready, the next
thing to do will be to develop the image.
It will be found on examination that the
film to all appearances is Just. the same
that it was when first placed in the plate
holder, so that It becomes necessary to do
something that will bring out the image
on the plate as we saw it on the ground
glass when we made the exposure. To do
this It is necessary to combine certain
chemicals and apply them to the plate.
This is called "developing," and the com
bination of chemicals is called the "de
veloper." The developer can be made up
in quantities in what Is called "stock so
lutions." By this it is meant that the
chemicals are mixed to a certain strength
and then each time there id an exposure
to be developed certain quantities are
taken from "stock solutions" for that
particular exposure, the remainder of the
"stock solution" being tightly corked for
future use. For the runateur. making only
a few exposures a month for pleasure, it
would possibly be more economical and
less troublesome to use some one of the
many ready prepared developers, any of
which will give good results when prop
erly used. These ready prepared solu
tions may be obtained from any reliable
stock house and directions for*their use
accompany each preparation. • Believing,
however, that the greatest benefit ana
best work can be obtained by mixing our
own developer it is with that branch of
the developing we will now deal.
Doubtless what is known as the "pyro
gallic acid" developer is the most popular
of all the developers now in use, there
fore th.it will be mentioned first. The first
thing to do is to make up a "stock solu
tion" of the various chemicals used. This
is done in the following- way: Take three
bottles, each holding about one quart.
Number them 1 and 2 and 3. In number
one a solution of "carbonate of potas
sium" should be made to "test" 4) degrees.
This is done by means of a little instru
ment known as a hydrometer, obtained
from some stock dealer at a cost of about
50 cents. This hydrometer is a hollow
glass tube with a bar arranged something
like a thermometer which drops into the
tube. To test any solutfon the tube must
be filled with the liquid and the bar
dropped into it. when the strength of the
solution will be indicated on the scale of
the bar. This method for mixing chemi
cals is far more satisfactory than by
weight, as the chemicals are then always
made at exactly the same strength
whereas if made by weight they may vary
several degrees, from the fact that certain
chemicals when exposed to air lost some
of their strength, while others will in
crease in strength. Now, to get a 40-de
gree solution fill bottle No. 1 about two
thirds full of water and add carbonate of
potassium, a litjle at a time, shaking after
each addition until dissolved, and then
pouring the glass tube of the hydrometer
full and testing until the desired strength
is obtained. In bottle No. 2 a solution of
"sulphite of soda" should be made and
should test SO degrees. This test is made
m the same way as the "carbonate" test.
In bottle No. 3 put 2i ounces of water, in
which dissolve 15 grains of oxalic acid.
After, this is dissolved add one ounce of
pyrogallic acid.
Now everything is ready for developing
the plate. The same light may be used
that was used for holding the plate hold
trs. It will be supposed that the plate is
about five by seven Inches In size. Of
course, a tray of that size must be used.
To develop a plate five by seven inches in
size it will take at least four ounces of
developer to "flow" the plate properly, so
start in by taking one-half ounce of solu
tion No. 1. one-half ounce of solution No.
2 and one-half ounce of solution No. 3.
Add to this four ounces of water. In mix
ing the developers only the \-ery purest
water obtainable should be used.- Melted
ice gives a good, pure water. Now to get
the best results In developing it is neces
sary to understand Just what each chemi
cal does, so that If we find something
wrong it may be remedied. To begin with,
if a plate should be examined under a
powerful microscope It would be seen that
the film is deposited on the plate in the
form of small sacks, or globules. In each
of these little sacks is a tiny particle of
bromide of silver. When. the plate Is ex
posed the light affects any of this silver
that may be exposed to it. and by the use
of developers this affected silver is devel
oped Tip so that we get what we call the
"negative." The action of the carbonate
of potassium on the plate is to break these
\\\X\p sacks that have been acted upon by
the light. The pyrogallic acid is called the
"blackening agent." It Is this that causes
COURSE IN PHOTOGRAPHY FOR AMATEURS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
TO BE PRESIDENT OF
THE ART ASSOCIATION
JAMES W. BYRNE
THE first- f=es?lon of the newly elected board of directors of the San
Francisco Art Association will be held at Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art next Monday. The board will then orpanlze by the election of offi
cer* to serve for one year. James . W. Byrne, whose name appeared at
the head of the regular ticket in the recent election, will be chosen to fill
the office of President." It Is expected that much good work in behalf of the
institution will be accomplished during Mr. Byrne's administration. He is
a man of wealth and refinement, whose affairs of business are In such shape
that he can devote time to the duties Incident to the presidency of the as
sociation.
THE COMEDY HIT OF THE SEASON!
ALL THIS and NEXT WEEK I
Every Nirht. Including Sunday. Matinee. Sat.
Err.yth A Klce Present Comedian
v^SSjV. WILLIE)
ik^ \ COLLIER
\/g* / IX HIS OWN NEW
\5~" A FARCE.
<lppfe SMOOTH
CHUTES ANDZoo.*™li%™
The 3 Celebrated Cherry Sisters,
Most Original Performers on Earth,
AND GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
CAKET\s*.LK CONTEST TO-MORROW
NIGUT.
Reserve Seats by Thone— Park 2J.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
UQfICH & Drake Amalgamators, operat-
lYlVUljn ins daily; 1 30- H p. gasoline en-
glne cheap. 9 Stevenson. S. F.
DREDQIVO PUMPS.
On. Oesoiln*. Steam Hoists. Centrtrnral PnmM
Enielnes&BoHen. Her.dyMach.Wks.,4o Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.
L. PETERSON. 644 A Mission. 8. F.: cotnmunl-
catior.g from Inventors strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Pnpplr fresh or salt water for slulo* boxes:
Mrh or low lifts. Elrnonds. S3 Market st.
PUMPS AND OASOLINE ENGINES.
All kinds of Pumps and Gasoline Bnrlnas.
WOQDIN A LITTLE, til Market St.. S. F.
BEACH OOLD CONCENTRATOR.
CAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
rilT«r. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savinc Machlns. 229 Fol-
«cm street. Oriental Gas Eturtna Company.
OASOLINE ENGINES.
HERCT7LEB GAS ENGINE WORKS Is fllllnr
many crders for Noma. Hl-HJ First St.. 8. F.
OILS. IS3N
PLATES FOR SAVING OOLO.
fenaeileln * BurrHce. S Hardl« Dlac«. off
JCearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
T. W. BELL. Central Platlnr Works. 851 Mls-
sion st.. 8. F. Phone Jessie m.
ROCKERS.
DftflTF?^ Hnia-Hula Rocker; Centrtfuzal
HUVIVLIJ g an a Pumps: Machinery. PARKE
A LACT CO.. n Fremont st.
PORTABLB HOUSES.
BURNHAM-BTANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist ft*.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex., 3. F.
PILE-DRIVINO ENGINES. .
Wortfalarton 6team Pumps & Water Hetera.
Mundy Holstlnc Engines. Tatum A Bowcn.
ENOINBS. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER A HAMILTON. Enirlnes and Boilers:
lowest prices en tbs coast. Pins & Davis sta.
O Damrosch., the great musi- q
X cal director and interpreter of >
* Wagner, will give in next i
9 Sunday's Call some interest- O
O i"g points in connection .with, q
X the coming Wagnerian festi- ?
+ val at Bayreuth, also a few V
O I'jmarks regarding the .music- q
?¦ lovers'of San Francisco. +
o 6
" FURS.
FUR COATS AND RORES FOR CAPE NOME
ALBERT HOEFLICH, 116 Grant aye.
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE £ CO.. manufacturers, bars, teats,
eortn. tl and O California st. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 30. 1900/
7
Says They Appropriated Valuable
Properties and Took. Out Gold
Faster Than the Mints
Could Coin It.
H. R. de Noon of Rhodesia, South Af
rica, and J. M. L. Henry of Johannesburg,
are at the Russ. Both are mining men.
and left the Transvaal when war broke
out, fearing that if they remained they
would be forced to join the Boer army.
air. de Noon, an American by birth, has
spent twenty-five years in South Africa,
being the greater portion of that time in
the employ of Cecil Rhodes. As a boy he
worked, in the diamond mines at Kimberley
and later headed a party of explorers and
pioneers into Rhodesia. During his career
he came into contact with President Kru
ger, Joubert. Pretorius and other great
Boer leaders. Now he owns important
mining interests of his own in Rhodesia,
which he purposes developing as soon as
the war is over and the country becomes
settled. .
Mr. Henry had been but four years in
Johannesburg. His home is at Truckee.
where he has lived most of his life. In
Johannesburg he was employed in the
famous Summer & Jack mine, the largest
In the. country. ' When the mine is under
operation it employs about 600 white men
and 4000 blacks. When the war broke out
he says the whites were given eight days
in which to leave the country if they so
3esired.. Most of them decided to go, and
Henry fell in with the retreat. A few
men were left behind to work the pumps
and keep the mine free from water, but
it was afterward learned that these men
were driven oft by the burghers and the
mine left to itself. The Boers worked
about eleven of the best mines belonging
:o English and German capitalists, and. it
;s said, took out so much gold that they
fould not coin it and sold it at Delagoa
Bay for £2 10s an ounce, when the market
/alue was £3 10s.
Both Henry and De Noon remained at
Zape Town from the middle of October
mill February 1. hoping that peace would
oe declared. They then took ship for
\ustralla and thence home by ; way of
Victoria, B. C. They say thz£ the war
;annot last long and laugh at the dispatch
mbllshed last night which said that there
svere 160.000 foreigners in the country
•eady to fight under the Boer flag. They
jlace, the number of uitlanders who re
gained in South Africa in order to join
he Boer cause at 20.000, and assert pos
tively that only a few thousand could
)osslbly have entered the country since.There were no fluctuations worthy of note
on the morning session of the Bond Exchange
though trading was very good.
\ The active stock in the afternoon was Spring
Valley Water, at 94 75®96 25. Gas and Elec
tric was firmer at $31 60<g51 75 and Giant
Powder weaker at $86 76.
The oil stocks were inactive.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, March 29-3 p. m.
• " Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds — Eqult O L Co. 3% 4H
4s quar c0up. 11641174 Mutual El Co 114
4s do reg 11341164 O G L & H.... 484 47
4s do cp new.. 13441354 Pac Gas Imp.. 52 53
8s do c0up....110%U14 Pac LCo _ 45
Miscellaneous— S F G A E.... 514 kiv
Cal-st Cab 55. .1174 — San Francisco. 44 «v
C C Wat 55. ...106 108 Stkn U&ECo lo —
Kd I. Ik P 65. .12.' — Insurance
F&CI Ry 65.. 114 — Flrem's Fund.229 —
Ueary-st R ss. — 93 Bank Stocks—
H C & S 548.10.-. 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 69
Do 5s 10G%li>7 Bank of Cal. .4"fi _
LARy 6s 1054106 Cal 8D & T..10141024
LAL Co 55.. — — First National — i*,
Do gntd 65.. — — - Lon P & A. ...132
Do gntd 65... 100 — Merchants' Ex 15U —
LA& P R 55.102V4102% Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 6«. ..12*Si — Savings Bankn—
Do Ist M 65. .116 116% Ger S & L..1810 —
NCN G R 78.108 — Hum S& L — _
NR of Cal 65.113«4 — Mut Say Bkl 45 _
NR of Cal Bs.llfi-V1174 S F Say U.. 510 —
NPC R R 65. 1044 — Say & L So. 74 78
NPC R R 5».10C%107% Sec Say Bk — —
NC R R 80....1W» — Union TCo — —
Oak G L&H55.105%109V4 Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65.. .1124113 California .....120 121 K.
Oak WCo 55.. — — Geary-st so _
Oceanic S Co..l«vs 105% Market-st Ry.. 63 63' i
Om CRy 65... 127% — Os L & H.... - 50
P & Cl Ry 65. .1044106 Presidio 15% _
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — I Powder Stocks—
Powell-st H ««.117 — iCalifornla — 163
' Sac L & GR5s 90 — Giant Con Co.. SOfc. 87
SF & SJV 65. 117% — Vlgorit 3 sw
BRy of Cal 65. 114 115341 Sugar Stocks—
BPRR of A 65.112 — Hana SPCo . 9« M
S P C 6e(1900).lll%1124 Haw C * Sr o 574 —
Do (1906). ...113% — Honokaa S Co. 32 324
Do (1912) .... — — Hutch S P Co. 264 26U
Do l*t eg 6s. — — Kllauea S Co.. 21«* 21V
S P Br 6s 125K1294 Makawell S Co 45% —
B V Water 68..114 1144 Onomea S Co.. 27% —
Do 4s ..104 — Paauhau S Co. 20% 30
R V W 4s(3dm)loJ4 — Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 65. .100 103 Al Pack A55n.11841194
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn.lol —
Contra Coeta.". 66 ,67 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Mann County. - — Oceanic S Co.. 934 94H
Spring Valley. 95% 95% Pac A F A.... 2 -
Gas & Electrlc-7- • ¦ Pac C Bor C 0.149
Cent O L Co.. — ' — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P... — 4%
Morning Session.
Board—
105 Giant Powder Con 87 23
100 Honokaa S C 0......... 32 23
50 Honokaa S C 0.......... 32 124
,275 Honokaa S C 0....... 32 00
95 Hutchlnson S P C 0............. 26 124
60 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 2173
$3000 Los -Angeles Railway 65... 105 60
$1000 Oakland Gas Bond* ....: ..109 00
30 Oceanic Steamship C 0.......... 93 75
150 Onomea Sugar C 0...". 27 75
60 Paauhau S P C 0...;............ 29 624
3D S F Gas & Electric C 0................. 51 25'
10 S F Gas & Electric C 0..:.............. 51 374
$.V) 00 S P Branch Railway 6a...... ..12S 50
$2000 S P of C O's (1903) 112 00
20 Spring Valley Water..:..."............. 95 00
5 Spring Valley Water 94 874
; 60 Spring Valley Water. ; 94 624
75 Spring Valley Water. 94 75-
Street —
$1000 Los Angeles Railway 55... ......... .105 50
$1000 S P Branch Railway 65.... 128 60
'..-¦ • ' Afternoon Session. v
¦ Board—
10 Giant Powder Con 87 CO
20 Giant Powder Con ."; 86 874.
10 Giant Powder Con." ...: 86 75
215 Honokaa S Co 32 00
60 Makawell . ;...:.... 48 25
W Makawe11 '.'"!!!:....... ................. 4S 37V4.
THE STOCK MARKET
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 83
New York Exchange, sight — 174
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — SO
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars 484 43
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Paris and Liverpool were both
higher. p
Chicago was firm, with moderate selling by
the bears. Holders were unwilling to make
concessions.
The local market was unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96>»@974c; milling,
9S%c®sl 014.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December —
2000 ctls. $1 06%: 16.000, $1 05%; 12,000. $1 064-
Second Session— December-8000 ctls, $1 054:
14,000, $105%'; 10,000. $105%; May— 2ooo, 984 c;
2000. 98% c.
Regular Morning Session — December— Booo ctls,
$1 06%.
Afternoon Session — December— 2ooo ctls, $1 06%.
BARLEY — There Is nothing new to report.
There is little spot demand and no speculation.
Feed, 75c for No. 1 and 65®724c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@
&74c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Besston— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS — The feeling continues firm and stocks
are light, but the demand Is very slack.
White. $1 10®l 30; Red. 95c@$l 174: Gray.
$1 074@l 15; Black, 974c®$l 05.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 974c®
$1 024 per ctl and Eastern fellow at $l'gl 10;
mixed, $I®l 05 per ctl.
RYE— 974c<Ssl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60®S 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras. $3 40<S? 3 60; Oregon
and Washington. $2 25@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 25®3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4ff4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50,
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@7 25; in sacks, $5 75@
7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas,
$5 £0 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran and Middlings are firm, with light re
ceipts and reduced stocks. Prices remain as
before.
Hay shows no change, nor do dealers expect
any.
BRAN— SI23I3 per ton. v'.,-v -.
MIDDLINGS— SI7^2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing.
$27 R0628; Cocoanut Cake. $20®21; Corn Meal.
$23 60® 24; Cracked Com. $24024 60; Mixed Feed
$15 60: Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. $7@9 for common to good;
$9 60 for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat
and Oat. $6 6059; Oat, $6@B; Barley, $3®7; Al
falfa. $637 60 per ton.
STRAW— 2S®3So per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
While Beans continue firmly held 'there Is
no further advance and the demand is not over
brisk. ' m
BEANS— Bayos, $3®3 25: small White, $3 25®
3 35; large White. $3 20®3 25; Pinks, $2 75S
2 85; Reds. $3 50®3 75; Blackeye. $4 50; But
ters nominal; Lima, $5 25; Pea, $3 ZQUZ 50-
Red Kidneys. $3 SOQI , ** W>
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 44©4%e; Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary
34c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern-
Alfalfa, 9<510c: Rape. 24@3c; Hemp, 4@44c;
Timothy. 4#44c. .
DRIED PEAS— Nllee, $1 90@2 25; Green, $1 90
©2 25 per ctl. ?.•';,•"
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions continue dull and un
changed.
Asparagus Is doing better, as the recent cold
nights have cut down the receipts. Rhubarb is
weaker, arrivals being liberal.
Receipts were 854 boxes Asparagus. 554 boxes
Rhubarb, 607 sacks Peas and 216 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 65®75c; River Reds,
nominal; Burbanks, 40Q*5c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks, 65c@$l; Sweet Potatoes, $2 35@2 50
for Merced and $1 25 for Rivers; New Potatoes,
I©l%C.
ONIONS— S2 50®2 75 per ctl; Cut Onions. 60c®
$1 50. si
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, 60ci!?$l per box
for fair to good and $1 25@1 50 for fancy; As
paragus, 75c(S$l 25 per box for No. 2 and $1 50
@1 75 for No. 1 and $2(g2 25 for fancy large;
Green Peas. 75cig$l 60 per sack; String Beans,
s©loc: Cabbage, 40ff50c; Tomatoes, $1 75@2 50:
Egg Plant from Los Angeles. 8@124c; Dried
Okra. 324 c per lb; Garlic. 24@34c; Green Pep
pers from Los Angeles, 20@25c; Dried Peppers,
frfo'lOo: Carrots, 25Q?33c per sack; Los Angeles
Summer Squash, $itfl 60 per box.
Poultry and Game.
Young stock Is weak. Receipts from the
East thus far this week amount to. five cars.
Game Is largely nominal and will soon be gone.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@llc for Gobblers
and 12@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $2ffl2 25;
Goslings, $2 50@3: Ducks. $4 50(05 50 for old and
$4 &Oi?G 50 for young; Hens. $3 6C@5; Young
Roosters. $6@7: Old Roosters. $3 50®4: Fryers.
$5 60; Broilers, $4@5 for large and %V&3 50 for
small : Pigeons. $1 7!><a - per dosen . for old and
$2®2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1: Rabbits. $I®l 25; Gray
Geese, $202 50; White, 75c: Brant. $1 25@1 50;
Honkers. $3 per dozen; English Snipe, $2 ;ftg3;
Jack Snlpv. }i CO.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese.
Butter, continues very quiet and weak, with
liberal stocks. The 'same remark applies ;to
Cheese. Kggs are unchanged, being in good
supply and quiet.
¦-BUTTKR— •
Creamery— Fancy creamery; 18@184c; seconds,
17@174c ¦ -• :
Dairy— Fancy, 17c; good to choice, 150164 c;
common, nominal. ' -
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 8c: old. 74c;
Ycung America. 84@9c; Eastern. 15@16c; West
ern. 134©i5c per lbi . :
EGGS— Quoted at 124@13c for store and 139
144 c : per dozen for ranch..
Deciduous and; Citrus Fruits.
; The i Orange market, i which ; has been ' lightly
supplied - for i some " little time, is stocking up
again. Twelve cars came rln yesterday. , . Bix
will be offered at to-day's auction. Other cit
rus fruits show no change. . '
- Strawberries keep : up, , receipts being mod
erate. - .•---.:•¦-..
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—7S®9Oc per box for common, $19
59.153 Manhattan Elevated P6H
&.0&0 Metropolitan Street Ry. ex dlv. 163
2.C10 Mexican Central 13
1.100 Minneapolis & St Louis 67*
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd. 9&to
33,450 Missouri Pacific 49fe
ISO Mobile & Ohio 47
310 Missouri, Kar.s & Texas 12H
12.263 Missouri. Kans & Texas prefd 36
400 New Jersey Central 118
4.450 New York Central 137%
4.0&0 Norfolk & Western, Z6h%
114 Norfolk & Western prefd 77^4
45.550 Northern Pacific 60
2.200 Northern Pacific prefd 77H
11.910 Ontario & Western.... 25»i
Oregon Ry & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
10.910 Pennsylvania 135%
3,200 Reading ... 19%
1,130 Reading Ist prefd 63H
3,400 Reading 2d prefd 33Vi
Rio Grande Western 63*4
100 Rio Grande Western prefd 91
LOW St Louis & San Francisco 11%
100 St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70
L 650 st Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 37»4
600 St Louis, Southwestern 12^
3.1E0 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 32%
6.000 Ft Paul 123%
Et Paul prefd 172
St Paul & Omaha 113
4,110 Southern Pacific 41*4
10.C15 Southern Railway 15i*
8,470 Southern Railway prefd 60\
5.200 Texas & Pacific IS
62.822 Union Pacific 67%
9,736 Union Pacific prefd 76%
Wabash V.%
1.C30 Wabash prefd 22»»
I.OnO Wheeling & L E 11
2,5£5 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 30H
US Wisconsin Central isvi
Express companies —
Adams 116
American 149
United States'. 48
ICO Wells-Fargo 125
Miscellaneous —
2,950 American Cotton Oil 36U
American Cotton Oil prefd S4
American Malting 4«^
200 American Malting prefd 234
1.025 American Smelting & Refining 41%
American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 90
American Spirits 214
American Spirits prefd 17
1,900 American Steel Hoop 35%
American Steel Hoop prefd ;... $1
2.058 American Steel & Wire 55%
140 American Steel & Wire prefd 90^
LKO American Tin Plate 3314
American Tin Plate prefd fc2'i
22,f.n0 American Tobacco 1044
500 American Tobacco prefd 13$
4.070 Anaconda Mining Co 49
41.355 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 70H
4.100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 4SH
4.E25 Continental Tobacco 31T4
1,050 Continental Tobacco prefd 83
14.370 Federal Steel 53H
1.400 Federal Steel prefd 75%
3.100 General Electric 130H
120 Glucose Sugar 524
Glucose Sugar prefd 9SVj
210 International Paper 214
500 International Paper prefd 66
Laclede Gas 73
100 National Biscuit 36^4
National Biscuit prefd 89H
National Lead 24
210 National Lead prefd. 104%
1,400 National Steel 43%
National Steel prefd 95
210 New York Air Brake 132
236 North American 15%
270 Pacific Coast 52
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 82
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 61
500 Pacific Mall 37%
JO.BSO People's Gas 103
170 Pressed Steel Car £2
332 Pressed Steel Car prefd S3
Pullman Palace Car IS4
Standard Hope & Twine 7
153.625 Sugar 98%
300 Sugar prefd 108
2.410 Tennessee Coal & Iron 95
4.CSO United States Leather 12%
257 United States Leather prefd 73
462 United States Rubber 304
253 United States Rubber prefd 97
424 Western Union 83
S9O Republic Iron & Steel Co 22^
200 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 65%
P C C & St Louis 67H
631 Third Avenue 1034
939,100 Shares Sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
0S 2s refunding... 1044 do 4s S3
do 2s reg. 100% N V Cent lit* 1104
do 3s reg 110% N J Cent gen 55. ..1234
do 2s coup 110% No Carolina 65.. ..1274
do new 4s reg 1344 do 4s 106
do new 4e c0up... 1344 No Pacific 8s 684
do old 4s reg 1154 do 4s 105H
do old 4s c0up.. ..1164 N V C & 8t L 45. .1084
do 6s reg 114% N & W con 4s 99
do 5s coup 114% Nor & W gen 65. ..132
Die Col 3-65s 119 Or Nay lsts 110
Atehlnon gen 45.. .102% Or Nay 4s IC4H
do ad] 4s 84% Oregon S L 6s 128
Can Southern 2d5. .10641 do con 5s 115
Ches & Ohio 445.. 9"'/» I Reading gen 4s 884
do 5s 11941R G West lsts.... 994
C & NW con 75.:. .141 jSt L & I M con 55. 1134
do S F deb 6s 121 |St L & S F gen 65. 122%
Chicago Term 45... 98 St Paul con 170
Col Southern 45.... SU%ISt P C & P 15t5.. ..1194
D & R G lsts 1034' St P C & P 6s 1214
do 4s 9*H|So Pacific 4s 84%
E T Va 4 Ga lets. lo2'; iSo Railway 5s 113
Ft W & D C ins. 71 |Ptana rt & T 65.... 73
Gen Elec 6s HO^iTenn new set 35.. 95Vi
G H & S A 6s 110 (T & P lsts 1154
do 2ds 108 do 2ds 56
H.& T C 5s 110 lUnton Pacific 45. ..106
do con 6s 110 Wabash lsts 1174
lowa Cent lsts 114 do 2ds 100
KCP & G Ist*.... 74 West Shore 4s 114V4
La new con 4s 107 Wls Cent lsts 924
L & N unified 45.. 99% Va Centuries 894
M X &. T 2ds 654 Va deferred 94
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario 8 25
Drown Point 18 Dphlr 75
Son Cal & Va 1 45 Plymouth S 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 1 75
Gould & Curry.... 17; do prefd 800
Hale 4 Norc 21 =-lerra Nevada .... 60
Homestake DO CO Standard 3 10
Iron Silver 60 L'nion Con 15
Mexican 21 Yellow Jacket 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
! Money— .Union Pacific 67%
Call loans 4^44 Union Land 24
Time loans 4tfs West End 924
Stocks— Wls Central lb>4
1 A T & S F 25% • Bonds—
jATiSF prefd... 72 Atchison 4s 100
American Sugar .. 984 N E Gas&Coke ss. 70
lAm Sugar prefd 109 Mining Shares —
! Bell Telephone i 314 Adventure 44
; Boston & Albany.. 24s |Allouez Mln C 0.... 24
{ Iloston & Maine.. ..134 Amalg Copper 964
Chgo, Bur & Q 1304J Atlantic - . 234
Dominion Coal 464 HoFton & M0nt. ...318
Dom Coal prefd....H44|Butte & Boston 72
Federal Ste<-1 63 iCalumet & Hecla..74S ,
Fed Steel prefd 75H Centennial 22
Fitchburg prefd.. ..1314 Franklin 16
General Electric. .. IXo4 lOsceola 704
Gen Elec prefd 135 ;Parrot 484
Mexican Central... 134JQuincy 1394
N E Gas & Coke... 11% Panta Fe Copper... 6%
Old Cojony 206 J Tamarack 194
Old Dominion 19 Utah Mining 34»4
Rubber 31 IWolverines 40
Nezu York Money Market.
NEW YORK. March 29.— Money on call
steady at 3g4 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4^@s*4 per cent.
Sterling exchange "firm, with actual business
In bankers' bills at $4 Mi 1 ; for demand and
at $4 82fe©4 82% for sixty days; posted rates.
$4 83H and $4 87. Commercial bills, $4 81H<g>
4 K2"4. Silver certificates. COU&eiyc. Bar sll
%-er. E9\c. Mexican dollars, 47% c. Government
bonds, steady: State bonds, inactive; railroad
bonds, irregular.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON. March 29.— T0-day's state
ment of the treasury, exclusive of the. $150,
000.000 gold reserve, shows: Available cash
balance, $165,153,730: gold, $97,638,561.
London Market.
NEW YORK.- March 29.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was again small In the markets here
to-day, there being a biggish account to ar-
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Johanna Koehler (Bollmann) to Bertha
Schwartz, lot on N line of Butter street. 110 E
of Laguna, E 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Mathllde Herbst Koehler and Mathilde and
Nettle Meyll or MUey to same, same, quitclaim
deed: $10.
Isaac Anderson to Eva Furst, lot on E line
of Pierce street. 241 S of Waller. S 25 by E
91:3, lot 14. block 2. Marion Tract (Hospital
Lot), quitclaim deed; $10.
Alfred Olson to Caroline F. Palmer, lot on
S line of Hill street. 155 W of Noe. W 24:9%
by S 114; $10.
Sidney V. Smith to Cora B. Smith, lot on
8 line of California street. 212:6 W of Mont
gomery. W 25 by S 102:6; gift.
F. A. and Prisciolla S. Berlin (by S. C Blge
low and A. A. Smith, trustees) to M. L.
Wicks. 1628 d 184. SE corner Dupont and Fran
cisco streets, 8 70 by E 70, trustees' deed; $1330.
M. L. Wicks to W. W. Butler (trustee),
same, under same conditions as in trust deed
of Charles J. Smith to W. W. Butler, 1850 d
1. recorded November 27, 1599, see Abstract No*
2CS3. trust deed; $10.
Joseph Hamilton to Matilda M. Hamilton,
lot on E corner of Harrison and Third streets.
NE 67:6 by SE 20; also lot, on SE line of
Bryant street, 341 SW of Second. SW 25 by
SE 80: also lot on E corner of Twentieth avenue
and J street, NE 200 by SE 75. block 389.
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; also lot on W corner of Nine
teenth avenue and J street, NW 150 by SW
100, block 3SS, same; also lot 6, plat 3, Hope
Section Odd Fellows' Cemetery; gift.
Kaufman and ' Hannah Wertheimer to Hart
land Law. lot- on EE line of Natoma street.
365 NE of Fourth, NE 30 by 8E 80; $10.
William W. and Helena E. Ellis to Jay N.
Copus, lot on N line of Yolo street, 75 E ol
Texas, E 25 by N 100; $10.
Solomon and Dora Gets to Adolph Beetz,
lot on W line of Eighth avenue, 150 S of II
street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Isaac and Helena Llebes to J. W. McDonald,
lot on NW corner of Nineteenth avenue and
L street. W 240 by N 600: $10.
- Charles J. and Mary 6. Gottung to Matilda
and Henry F. Wlrgmann, lot on S Une of
Wilder street, 350 E of land oi John Y. Wil-
Bon, E 25 by 8 100, block 4. Falrmount Ex
tension Homestead Association: $10.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara 11. Blanchet to Israel
Goldberg, lot on W line of Wheat street. 12S
N of Salinas. N 100 by W 100. blc^k 6. Garden
Tract Homestead Addition; $10. •
Same to Max Bardofsky, lot on E line of
Wheat street. 275 N of Salinas, N 50 by E 100.
block 5, Garden Tract Homestead Addition; $10.
Alameda County.
Mary L. Palmer to Francis A. Braun. lot
on W line of Oak street. 60 N of Twelfth. N
40 by W 100. being lot 19 and portion lots 20 and
23. block 168. quitclaim deed. Oakland; $10.
Hester A. and Henry E. Jewett. Jane R. and
W. J. Wllcox, William and Florence Dwlnell
to Jennie Wade Snook (wife of C. E.), lot on
NW corner of Plymouth avenue and Academy
place. W 60 by N 115, being lot 84. Paclflo
Theological Seminary Tract No. 2, Oakland: $10.
William and Adella Long to Mollle Haslet
(wife of J. W.) lot on S line of Railroad ave
nue (or Seventh street). 230:7% W of Willow
street. S 100:7* by E 25. being lot 13, block 28.
Map of Lands of Oakland Point Railroad Ferry
Landing, Oakland; $SOO.
Minerva J. Sweeney to Charles M. MacGregor.
lot on NE corner of Thirty-first and West
streets, E 35 by N 100, being a portion of lots
2L 22 and 23, block 2037, Rowland Tract. Oak
land: $10.
Mary Matthews and Mary J. E. Cryan
(executrlces estate Henry Matthews) to Rob
ert W. W. Cryan. all Interest In lot on NE
line of East Twelfth street, 125 SE of Fifteenth
avenue. SE 25 by NE 140. being lot 8. block
14, San Antonio, East Oakland; $1101
Same to same, all Interest In the following:
26.81 acres beginning at a point in center of
8 fork of Temescal Creek where it Is crossed
by NE line of 700-acre tract known as the
Vicente Peralta Reservation, thence SE 14.75
chains, NE 9 chains. NW 22 chains to center
of Temescal Creek, thence SW to beginning,
being a portion of plat S3. Rancho V. and I>.
Peralta, excepting .22 of an acre conveyed to
Contra Costa Water Company May 3. ISSS: also
47.72 acres, being plat G on map of undivided
mounatin or hills lands of Rancho V. and ]>.
Peralta. Oakland Township: $12,600.
Charles P. and Lydia B. Gibbons to Wini
fred C. Turpln, subdivision 41, block 25. Daley's
Scenic Park Tract. Berkeley: gift.
Klisha G. and Maria J. Hammond to Helen
J Bowrlng. lot on E line of Arch street. 474:11
N of Vine street. N 60 by E 299:2. being a por
tion of lots 29 and 23. block 1. Map of Berkeley
View Homestead Association. Berkeley: $10.
Gußtafva A. and A. Winberg to M. O. and
F. M. Wyatt (undivided three-eighths each)
and G. S. Connor (undivided two-eighths), k>t
on NW line of Twenty-third avenue, 195.21 NE
of East Twenty-second street. NE 37 by NW
130 being portions of lots 3. 6. 7 and S. block
B, map of subdivided Heald Twenty-thtrd-ave
nue Tract. Brooklyn Township: also lot com
mencing at W comer of lot L block B. of above
tract nt point of intersection of line dividing
lot* 1 and IS, block B. of above tract, thence
NE 30. SE 70.35, SW 1. SE 11.85, SW 59, NW 29,
NE 30 to NE line of lots 16. 17 and 18 of above
tract, thence NW 13 to beginning, being portion
of lots 1. 2. 3 and 16, block B. of above tract,
subject to mortgage, Brooklyn Township: also
lot on E line of Twenty-third street, at NW
corner of lot 4 of beck B. of above tract. NW
11.65 by SW 74, being portion of lot 3. block B,
of above tract. Brookl>n Township: $10.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Charles Mac-
Gregor. lot on E line of Chestnut street. 200 S
of Twenty-eighth, S 31:3 by E 132. block 652.
Oakland: $10. .
Charles M. and Lena MacGregor to Minerva
J. Sweeney, same, Oakland: $10.
J.- H. and Minnie Ding well to Louise L.
Viera (wife of F. R.). - lot on S line of Thirty
fourth street, 66:8 W of Magnolia. W 66:8 by
S 100. nortlon lot 7. block 678. Watts Tract.
Oakland; $10.
Mnry and James Callan.to Richard J. Mont
gomery (executor of estate of Margaret P. Mc-
Courtney. deceased), lot on S line of Forty
fourth street. 239.4 W of Telegraph avenue. W
23 by S 100. portion W half of lot 20. block 2100.
McCourtney Tract. Oakland: $10.
Amelia M. and Frederick B. Burnell to Paul
L. Sterberg, lot on SE line of Tenth avenue. 75
SW of Eait Sixteenth street, SW 75 by SE 100.
block 6S, Cllnton.East Oakland: $10.
Frank and Emily Johnson to Bessie M. Hol
loway(wtfe of George X.). lot on S line of
Tompkins street. 160 E of Dwindle. E 40 by
S 135.. being the E 40 feet of W SO feet, lot 14.
block 8. map of State University Association
No. 3. Berkeley: $10. .
William Lauterbach to Charles and Chrls
ttanle Grosser.- lot on E line of Mxth street. 40
N of Rose, N 40 by E 120. being the N 15 feet of
lot 17 and all of lot 28, block 75. map of I. M
Wentworth > Boot and Shoe Company's Tract,"
Tullls S. and Nellie M. Menefee to" Mary H
Papanek (wife of A. J.). lots 23 and 24. in sub
division G ,' Frultvale Terminal Tract. Brook
lyn Township; $100. •
Herman F. and Mary B. Whlrlow and Lewis
E. Campbell (by J. B. .Lanktree,- commissioner)
to J. M. French, lots 22 to 25. block C. Fitch
Trnet. Alameda: $20<V '
Chicago Grain Market.
Shipping Intelligence.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. March 29— The Stock Ex
change atmosphere was rather oppressive dur
ing to-day's session and .the offerings to take
profits were absorbed with less facility than
on previous days during this week. No bet
ter explanation of the reactionary tendency
of the market can be found than the falling
off In the demand for stocks. There was some
manipulation for the decline, which was effect
ive In the industrial* and specialties and
which brought out a volume of offerings that
looked like the uncovering of Etop-lcss orders.
But in the railroad list there was no indica
tion of forced selling. The profit-taking pro
ceeded apparently in orderly manner and any
considerable recession In prices led to a de
cline In the volume of offerings and a dull
market. Stocks which have gone up the most
during the week were naturally most affected,
notably the transcontinental railroads and the
Southern trunk lines. There was some Indi
cation of positive weakness in grangers and
the coalers, the tendency in the latter group
Ixrlng due to the rather disappointing Feb
ruary statement of net earnings for the Read-
Ing company. There were not lacking also
points of strength in the railroad list. The
most notable upward movement of the day
was in ?: «.kf of railroads in central traffic
territory and what might be called sub
sidiary Vandtrbllt lines. Big Four led- the
movement and :? was shared in by Chesapeake
and Ohio, Plttbburg. Cincinnati. Chicago and
£t. Louis. Canada Southern and the New York,
Chicago and £t. Louis stocks. The professed
ground of this advance was a conference of
railroad officials In this city looking to the
enforcement of acreexntnts to maintain rates.
The Atchlson stocks. Louisville and Nashville
and other less consjilcuouK stocks continued !
etrong. Aside from the df-slre to take profits
the halt in the buying demand was due to
epprehenslon over the «-ffect of the gloomy
official outgivings regarding the prospect for
the future dividends on the stock of the sugar
company. A eharp break In that stock at the
opening eeemed to have little effect on the
market, but when Its weakness was seen to
persist sympathetic heaviness developed else
where in the industrial list and among the:
local traction stocks. There was no indica
tion of etiffness in the money market, but
probably the relaxed d«-mand for speculative
purposes had something to do with this. The
end of the month and the quarter Involve
rome preparation to meet dividends and in
terest obligations and this factor begot some
eplrit of caution about causing too freely the
facilities of the racr.ey market In speculation.
The sub-treasury for the first time this week
gained a small amount from the banks and
the Government institution's debit balance at
the clearing-house fell to $340,6i)>. as against
a dally average of nearly a million hereto
fore this week. This *ympton attracted at
tention notwithstanding that the rain between
the banks and nub-treasury for.the week still
amounts to considerably over a million dol
lars. London continued to trade actively in
this market, but with much less Influence on
sentiment than heretofore owing to the knowl
edge that the purchases for that account are
carried to a large extent by money borrowed
In New YorJc
The bond market continues active and for
the mon part strong, though there were points
of weakness In the list. Total sales, par value,
J3.R15.000.
United States bonds unchanged in bid quo
tations, i ."
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Chares Closing
told. Name of Stock— Bid.
fcO.iM Atchison 28%
87.^0 Atchison prefd 72H
IS»,4MS Ilaltlmore & Ohio ¥1
Canadian Pacific »7«4
6,700 Canada Southern £44
CC.C6O Chesapeake & Ohio 32%
3.000 Chicago Grtat Western 14H
12.«C5 Chicago. Burlinrtnn & Quiney 130>t
2.l'Kt Ctilca*ro, Ind & Louisville 25
1.425 Chicago, In<l & Louisville prefd 1%
?C0 Chicago A Eastern Illinois 105V4
1.C50 Chicago & Northwestern VA
7.420 Chicago. Rock Island &. Pacific 11S\4
27.EW) C C C & St Louis 64H
100 Colorado Southern 7
700 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46^4
_-_?. Colorado Southern 2d prefd 19&
' !»» Delaware & Hudson 116-,
tfd L>e!aware. Lack & Western ISIH
¦ft Uenver & Rio Grande 22«4
W> Denver & Rio Grande pre.fd 744»
* m *Z. Erie 14^4
Erie lrt prefd 42
1,090 Great Northern prefd 164
C.CDO Hocking Coal 1»H
1,235 Hocking Valley 36>*
I.OVO Illinois Central Jl5V*
1.410 lowa Central 17
1,215 lowa Central prefd 54
1,4*5 Kar.s City. Plttsburg & Gulf 20
119 Lake Erie & Western S3
120 Lake Erie & Western- prefd.. 87
Lake Shore 200
14JSS Louisville & Nashville S6H
25 Market Street Railway 83 00
$1000 Oakland Transit 6's 112 62%
10 S F Gas Sc Electric Co 61 50
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 62%
3rt S F Gas & Electric Co 51 75
96 Spring Valley Water -. ?. 94 75
. 10 Spring Valley Water, b 30 '. 95 00
20 Spring Valley Water 94 87%
90 Spring Valley Water 95 00
25 Spring Valley Water ; 96 12%
6 Spring Valley Water 95 25
100 Spring Valley Water, s 60..... 95 25
$5000 Spring Valley 4's (3d mortgage).... lo3 75
Street—
$10,000 Oakland Gas Bonds 109 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
- ;:'. Morning Session. '
Board—
250 Anaconda ¦ 55
150 Barker Ranch 1 15
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Anaconda J. 65
25 Caribou 70
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
300 Alta :. OS, 50 Confidence Si
300 Belcher 33 ! 600 Gould & Curry 23
200 Bent & Belcher 33< 300 Mexican 24
200 Caledonia 81 2<X> Savage 15
100 Con Cal & Va..l 55 1
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 33 100 Ophlj 89
ICO Caledonia 85 400 Overman 19
100 Chollar IS 50 Standard 3 05
140 Con Cal & Va..l 55 100 Utah 19
150 Crown Point... 19 105 Yellow Jacket. IS
100 Gould & Curry 21
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 11l 100 Silver Hill 19
200 Best & Belcher tt 100 Syndicate 19
100 Confidence 81 300 Syndicate 11
1000 Crown Point .. 20 100 Carters ...-. 2a
4CO Mexican 25
Afternoon Session.
300 Challenge Con.. 23 200 Potosl 1*
600 Chollar 18 1000 Silver Hill 10
350 Con Cal & V.I 67% 200 Utah 19
600 Crown Point... 20 200 Utah 09
100 Ophir 80 100 Carters IS
200 Overman 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, March 39— t p. m.
Bid.Ask. . Bld.Ask.
Alpha 03 06|Kentuck ... 01 ca
Alta 06 08|Lady Wash 05 —
Andes 12 14 ' Mexican 26 27
Belcher 82 33, Occidental 13 li
Best & Belcher 85 36 Ophir 83 84
Bullion 03 0-tiOverman IS 19
Caledonia 84 89>Potosl 13 19
Chollar 17 19! Savage 14 18
Challenge Con. 20 2t'Beorpion 02 —
Confidence — SSISeg Belcher M 05
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 66lSierra Nevada. 64 65
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Silver Hill 09 It
Con New York C 2 —St Louis — 13
Crown Point... 19 20 Standard 305 —
Exchequer .... 02 04|Syndlcata 10 —
Gould & Curry 21 22! Union Con IS B
Hale & Norc... 24 26 < Utah 09 10
Julia — 06jYeIlow Jacket. 15 18
Justice 06 031
Silver and Exchange about the same.
Wheat and Barley quiet and featureless.
Oats zvell held, but quiet. Corn and Rye nominal.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay zveak and plentiful.
Potatoes and Onions dull at previous prices.
Butter a fraction lower. Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry weak and in plentiful supply.
Orange market stocking up again. Other fruits unchanged.
Provisions in moderate demand at unchanged quotations.
htcreased imports from abroad.
decreased imports of specie.
Sun rises s :£':£'
Sun sets XVA—* 31
Moon sets (new) 0-W P- "-
Sun, Moon and Tide.
o'clock p. m.. °~nwlch «n£ cAUaxg
Lieutenant Commander, V. 8. N.. In charge.
Charters.
The Albert Meyer loads lumber at Seattle
for Honolulu; Fresno, lumber at Port Gamble
for Melbourne. _ .
The Achnashle loa£s wheat at Taooms. for
Europe, «'js.
Foreign Imports.
Foreign Imports at this port during the first
two months of the year were r7.681.01K). against
$6.544.*00 for the came time last year, the
leading sources being as follows: Japan.
Jl CT2.GOO; China. $2.032. 600: C.reat Britain, $J26,
600; Hawaiian Islands. $L026.4W.
Imports of Specie.
Imports of specie at this port during the
first two monthds of the year amount to $443,131,
against 15.LC6.0U0 during the same time in 1599,
the falling off this year being due to the ces
sation of Imports of gold from Australia. The
descriptions this year are as follows: Gold
bullion. $30,468: geld jroln. $72,310; silver bul
lion. t2SL2IO; silver coin. Ilf.lSS.
Weather Report.
020 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March I?. 1900— 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate as compared with thOGe of the same date
la« season, and rainfall in the last twenty-
Xaur hours:
Last This Last
Ptatlons— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eurrka 0.00 44.07 31.33
lied Bluff 0.00 IS. EI 19.11
6acramento 0.00 15.61 13. 51
hun Francisco 0.00 17.02 15.38
Fresno 0.00 7.08 6.64
Independence 0.00 2.7S 1.16
Han Luis Obi*po 0.00 14.78 ¦ 14.77
Los Anstits O.CO 6.55 4.79
Fan Dit-go COO 3.16 4.5S
Yuma 0.00 0.77 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 4S; mean, 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GERERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen generally over the Pa
cific Coast and the disturbance central over
Washington Thursday morning has probably
been forced northward Into the British posses
sions. Rain has fallen generally throughout
Oregon, Washington and Idaho. No rain has
fallen in California.
The temperature has risen over the entire
country w<-st of the Rocky Mountains. In th«
treat valleys of California the temperatures
are from 6 deg. to 10 deg. above the normal.
Forecast made at Sac Francisco for thirty
hours endlac midnight, March 30, 1900:
Northern California— Fair Friday; fresh west
erly winds.
Southern California— Fair Friday; llghtnorth
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
A'tah— Fair Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
Eaa Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday;
freeh westerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 6 10% 5 »ii
Closing .. 5 9% C 04
PARIS. ,
Wheat— • Mar. Moy-Aua.
Opening 20 45 21 CO
Closing .'. ....20 45 2100'
Flour-
Opening ...26 35 27 50
Closing 26 60 27 45.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, March 29.- r CATTLE- r ßecelpts,
S500; opened . strong, ; closing lower. ' ¦' Natives— ,
EASTERN MARKETS
ARRIVED.
Thursday, ' March, 29.
Stmr Gipsy, Noponder, 30 hours from Monte
rey, etc.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen. 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Empire, Nelson. 4» hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Brunswick. Andres en. 23 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart. 64 hours from South,
Bend. r •*****»*• ' «"«i«l»i--~a > .- -
Stmr Aloha. Jorgenson. 34 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. IS hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, 46 hours from Coos Bay.
Schr Ocean Saray. Larsen. 24 hours from.
Timber Cove.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. X hours from
Bowens Landing.
CLEARED.
Thursday, March 29.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Valencia. Hane. Hunters Bay and Orca;
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.
Stmr Chas Nel«on. Anderson. Llhue; Wil
liams, Dtmond & Co.
SAILED.
' Thursday, March 29
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridzett. Ventura.
Stmr Centennial. Eagles. Kahulul.
Stmr Alcazar Gunderson. Goleta.
Stmr Progreso. Zoning. Seattle.
Br stmr Robert Adamson. Morgan. Nanalmo.
Ship Spartan. Polite. Seattle.
Ship Llewllyn J Morse. Marschall. Lafiasha
Bay.
Bktn Tarn o" Shanter, Patterson. Columbia
River.
Schr Glen, Nielsen. .
Schr Barbara Hernster. Llndberg. -^
Schr Nettle Sundborr. Nelson. — — %
Schr Wing and Wing. Hansom. . .
Schr Sailer Boy. Nielsen. .
gchr Pearl. Koehler. Kodlak.
Fr schr Nuhlva. Fuldner. Marquesas Islands.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 29, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 12 miles. " .
MISCELLANEOUS
LONDON. March 2S — Ger ship Arethnsa. from,
Altona. for Seattle, put into Montevideo. Is
damaged below the water line. Has 22 frames
broken. Will dock and discharge cargo.
LONDON. March 29— Fr bark Eugenia Fau
trel. frcm Swansea, for San Francisco, put Into
Buenos Ayres with rudder ¦ broken and other
damage. Surveyors recommend complete un
loading. Must go on drydock.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
. EUREKA— Arrived March 23— Nor bark Sol
velg. from Honolulu.
Sailed March 2»— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 29— Bark
Gatherer, hence March 14. for Tacoma: b*rk
Snow and Burgess, hence March 14. for Port
Blakeley: schr William Renton. for Tacoma;
schr Prosr»r, for Blalne.
Sailed March 29— Stmr Dirigo. for Alaska:
schr General Bannlnx. for Kallua.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 29— Schr Albert
Meyer, from Port Townsend. March IS-Hr
stmr Garonne, from Port Townaend: stmr vs H
lnmette. hence March 25; stmr Pacific hence
March 23.
Sailed March »•— Stmr Dlrtgo. for SVaguay.
March 29— Schr Expansion, for San Ptdm ¦
MENDOCINO — Arrived March 29 — Stmr
Whltesboro. hence March 2S.
USAL— Arrived March 29— Stmr Newsboy,
hence March 27. '
ISOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived March 29— Schr
Newark, hence March 2S.
UMPQUA— Arrived March IS— Schr Lily, hno
M TACOMA-Arrlv«J March 28-Schr _*•!*"*
Thayer from Port Townsend; schr » 1111 am
Renton! from San Pedro: bark Gatherer, henca
M PORt"IOS ANGELES— Arrived March »-"
Haw stmr S«n Mateo. from Nanalmo. -
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed March 23— Stmr
Grace Dollar, for Pan Francisco.
• Arrived March 29— Stmr Astoria, hence March
A— Arrived March 29-Stmr Geo VT
Elder, hence March 27. „„».'..
Sailed March 29-Stmr State of California for
S^VN^DIEGO-Sallea March 29-Br stmr Car
marthenshire, tor Hongkony. ___. ..
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 29— Stmr Na
tional City, from Grays Harbor. .
PORT BLAKELEY-Arrtved March J9-Schr
J M Colman. hence March 14; bark Snow A
Bunre**. hence March 14. —_-.»_ _
CASPAR— Arrived March 25— 6tmr Cleone.
GREENWOOD— Sailed March 29— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed March 28— Stmr Finance,
for Colon. FOREIOV po RTS
ANTWERP-Salled March 17— Br ship Hyder
abad for San Francisco.
'¦ MELBOURNE— PaIIed March 23— Ship Wa
ehu!«*tt. for Newcastle. NSW.
FALMOUTH— Arrived March 2S— Br ship
Garn-t Hill. 'w m J^ o "-,. . „
IQUIQUE— Arrived March %— Or ahlo Wll
helmlne. irom Liverpool- w
MANlLA— Arrived March 27— Stmr Indiana.
h< HONGKONG— Sailed March 27— Stmr City of
Rio d<» Janeiro, for Ran Francipe...
BEACHY HEAD-Passeil March J9-Or stmr
Tants. hence Dec 24. for Hamburg.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 29— Br sMp
Amphitrtte. from Portland. March 29— Br ship
Rlrer Fallneh. from Fraser River.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 19— Br ship
Province, hence Nov 25.
KOBE— Sailed March 27— G«r stmr Ti^V-. tor
¦Vancouver. . ¦. .
TO SAIL.
LOCAL MARKETS
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
FRIDAY. MARCH 30.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
range and profit taking in many directions. The
tone was fairly good, though not strong. It
wan slightly affected by rumors of. trouble be
tween Russia and Japan over Korea. Ameri
cans were decidedly less active. They started
very sanguine, being a point above parity.
Louisville was strongly bought. Much profit
taking, however, caused sagging. New York
came as a buyer, of Chesapeake, but a seller of
others, and the close was dull. In the street
dealings were quieter than for a week. Lon
don professionals, who are rather overloaded,
are disappointed at New York's profit taking.
Paris is still buying Tlntos and New York
Anacondas. A fresh campaign has opened In
Utahs, Bostons and Avinos, which have been
aeleep for months.
The bank bought £30,000 in gold bars and lost
£10,000 to Argentine. There was a strong de.
mand for money for the 'big settlement and
requirements to end the quarter. All loans
due to the bank were renewed and there was
a very large fresh borrowing for the week.
Bills were very firm. The British Cotton and
\vool Dyers' Association will be floated next
week with £2.000.000 ordinary stock and £1,000,
000 debentures, amalgamating fifty firms.
CLOSING.
..LONDON. March 29.— Canadian Pacific. 100%;
Union Paclfto preferred, 79%; Northern Pacific.
li?V Atchl »°n. 29; Grand Trunk. 8%; Anaconda,
lOVt: bar sliver steady. 27 9-16 d per ounce.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the , city front (Mission-street wharf) *«»"*
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort roint;
the height of tide is the same at both place*.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Best on sale to-day two cars Kansas. $5 78;
good to prime steers, strong to a shade ¦ lower,
$5<2j3 90; poor to. medium, steady to 10c lower,
$4@4 75; selected feeders, firm, $4@4 76; mixed
etockers, steady, |3 40® 3 90; cows steady, $3®
4 35; heifers steady, $3 20®4 75: cannera, slow,
$2@2 66; bulls, 'steady. $2 50® 4 25; calves,
steady. $4 60(56 76. Texans— Receipts. 400; best
on sale to-day, one car at $5 1(5: Texas fed
Fteers. closed easier, $3 90®6 10: Texas bulls,
steady, $3 20<g>3 CO.
HOOS— Receipts to-day, 20,000; estimated to
morrow, 18,000; left over, 3500; average fully
10c higher; top, $5 62%; highest hog market
since October. 1894; mixed and butchers. $5 16<3>
5 47%; good to choice heavy, $5 3005 62%;
rough heavy. $5 10® 5 25; light. $5 13@5 40; bulk
of sales. $5 35@5 45.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10.000; sheep strong to 10c
higher; lambs strong to a shade higher; good
to choice wethers $5 85®6 25: choice mixed,
$5 Rs®& 90; Western sheep. $5 75®6 25; yearlings.
$6Q6 75: native lambs, $6@7 35; Western lambs,
$6®7 35.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. March 29.— Clearings, $264,580;
balances. $57,591.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. March 29.— 1n the local wheat
market there was hardly a ripple of business
to disturb the serenity of the market. Prices
are still showing no change of Importance and
quotations are nominally 53c for both Walla
Walla and valley.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 347,639 bushels.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA. March 29.— Wheat unchanged; club.
60% c: blues tern, 52% c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March ».— Consols, 101 5-16©
101%. Silver. 27 9-16. French renter, lOlf J7%c.
Wheat cargoes on passage, sellers at advance
of 3d; cargoes No, 1 standard, 30s; Walla Wal
la. 28s 3d. English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. March 29.— Wheat, firm;
wheat In Parts, steady. Flour In Paris,
steady. French country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 7-16 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, March 29.— WHEAT— Spot,
nominal; future*, steady; March, nominal;
May. 5s 9%d: July. 6s »MA.
CORN — Spot, firm; American mixed, new,
4s Vid: old, 4s %d; futures, quiet; March, 4s %d;
May. 3s ll%d.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 30, 1900.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office. TJ. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, ' Cal..
March 29,, 1200. .
The tlm« ball on the tower of the new Ferry
1 60 for good to choice and $1 7GC2 for fancy.
STKAWBERRIES-Hfi6 per chest for large
and $16®20 for small berries. i£j»2W
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50©J 75
pe.- box; Seedlings. 7f.c@sl 60; Lemons. $I®l SO
For > common and $2(82 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $5 60@6; California Limes. 60®
75c; Bananas. $I@2 50 per - bunch; Pineapples,
$4®5 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Aside from the steady outward movement In
Prunes already noted, there Is little doing in
this market.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. 4@4%c for
40-50's, 3%@4c for 50-60"s. 3%c for 60-70"s. 3Uc
for 70-80' s. 3®3^c for 80-90" s and 2%c for 90
lOCs: Apricots, 11@12%c for Royals. 12%t?15c
for Moorparks and 12.W13%c for Blenheims;
Peaches. 54®6c for Standards, 64®6%c for
choice and 7(i|Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10@
12% c; Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried 5@
6%c per lb; Nectarines, S@ac; Pears, 3%®4%c
for dark and 7®Bc for bright halves; Black
Figs, 2®24c; White Figs, 2@Sc; Bleached
Plums, 8®?c; unbleached Plums, 7@7%c for
pitted and l%c for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 84c; choice, 7%c; standard. 6%c:
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. 6c: Seedless,
50-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown. loose Muscatels, 6%c;
3-crown. 6V«c: 4-crown, 7c: London Layers.
2-crown, $1 60 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. a b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Walnuts, !®9c for standards and
9@loc for softshells; Almonds, 11%@12c for
paper shell, 9®loc for soft and 4®sc for hard
shell; Peanuts. 5%®6%e for Eastern and 6c
for California; Brazil Nuts. 7%@Bc: Filberts.
12®124c; Pecans, ll®13c; Cocoanuts. $4 6005.
HONEY— Comb, 114®12c for bright and 1040
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7%c: light amber extracted. 7%07%c; dark,
6%®6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
There Is not much demand at the moment,
but prices rule firm, with predictions of an
other advance.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10c per lb for heavy,
10% c for light medium, lie for light. 12% c for
extra light and l»c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California Hams, nomi
nal; Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $13;
Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $14 60; extra
clear. $17 50; Mess. $16 50; Smoked Beef, 12%®
13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7©7 Mo per lb for
compound and B@B%c for pure: half barrels,
pure, SUe: 10-Ib tins, 9@9%c: R-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. B@B%c per lb; 10-lb
tins. »%c
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Stetrs,
10c; medium. 9%c; light, 9c; Cowhides, 9c;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 9«3%c; Calf. 3%«lDc;
Dry Hides, sound. 18c; culls and brands, 15c;
Dry Kip and Veal, -16c; Dry Calf, 19c; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short Wool. 354f
60c each; medium. 70®90c: long Wool. \\<sl 25
each' Horse Hides, $2 25(g>2 75 for large and 75c
©$1 75 for small; Colts, 25@50c. Deer Skins-
Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or medium Bit Ins,
35c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat Skins-
Prime Aneoras, 75c; large and smooth. Me;
medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6©5% c per lb; No.
2, 4®44c; refined, 6%c; grease. 24J$3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 16©18 c: Northern defective. 13®
16c; Middle County free. 15@17c: Middle
County defective, 13'ij.15c; Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 12@14c: do free, 7 months'. 12® 15c;
do defective, 7 months', 10@12c; Humboldt and
Mendocino. 20@23c; Nevada, 16® 13c per lb.
HOPS— 6%®loc per lb. A
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 6Vi®7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— «®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®Bc; ewes. 7Q>7%0 per
lb.
LAMB— Spring. 9@loc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%c for small and me
dium and sV»®s4c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6@6?4c; dressed Hogs, 7@B%c
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentia Bags. $5 66; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%®6%c; Wool Bags. 28%@32%0;
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, $S: Southfleld Wellington. $7 60; Seattle.
|6 60: Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay, $5 60; Wallsend.
$8; Co-operative Wallsend, $8; Scotch. ;
Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 60 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Cannel. $11
per ton; Coke, $13 per ton In bulk and $17 in
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb in 100-1 b bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.60; Powdered.
6.60 c; Candy Granulated. 5.20 c; Dry Granulated,
6.10 c; Confectioners' A, 5.10 c; Magnolia A, 4.70 c;
Extra C. 4.60 c; Golden C. 4.60 c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more;
tO-lb bass. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos,
half -barrels. 6.85 c; boxes, 6.10 c per lb. -
• Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, MARCH 29.
Flour, qr sks 29,865iW001. bags 378
Wheat, ctls 6.050 Powder, car 1
Barley, ctls 3.875 Lime, bbls 182
Oats, ctls 370 Wine, gals 33,300
Corn, East, ctls.. 600 Leather, rolls ... 79
Butter, ctls 336 Eggs, dor 32,730
Cheese, ctls 274 Quicksilver, flsks 12
Potatoes, sks .... 3,402 Straw, tons ... 9
Onions, sks SCO Hay, tons 738
Bran, sks 630 Hides. No 290
Middlings, sks .. 625 Pelts, bndls 590
Sugar, sks 1.300
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 816 Potatoes, ska .... 717
UTAH.
Flour, qr sks.... 7,200
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and 1 the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third Ud«
and the last or right hand column rive* that
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tide*, as sometimes occur* The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on ths
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and t*en the number given Is subtracted from
the depth riven by the charts. The Diane 'of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
New York Grain and Produce.
N"EW YORK. March Zfc— FLOUß— Receipts,
30,999 barrels; exports. 11,207 barrels; sales,
8900 packages. Market was not active. Late
decline in wheat causes the buyer* to with
draw before much business had been done and
the close was steady at old prices
WHEAT— Receipts. 87.200 bushels; exports,
58.775 bushels: sales, 4,100,000 bushels futures
and 208,000 bushels exports. Spot— Market
steady: No. 2 red, 80% c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2
red, 77% c elevator. Options— Opened steady,
not very active, but developed a pronounced
bull movement latfr In the day on heavy St.
Louis buylnr and Tocal demand of shorts. All
of the foreign markets came higher, and with
rumors of a good export demand West and re
markable strength In pork, also contributed to
our upturn. The close, however, owing to late
realizing, was rather easy at a partial 4c net
advance. No. 2 red March, 78 7-16<375%c, closed
7S%c; May, 73%674%c, closed 73% c; July closed
<3%c: September closed 73% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
COFFEE— Options closed steady at a decline
of 10 to 20 points. Total sales were 21.750
bags. Including: April. J6 45; May. $5 50; Au
gust, $6 60; September, $6 65Q« 70; October. 16 70
06 75; November, $6 75; December. $6 95.
Spot— Rio, nominal; No. 7 Invoice, 7%c; No.
7 Jobbing. B%c; mild, market dull; Cordova.
94®14c.
SUGAR— Rafw, nrm; fair refining, 3 3-32 c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 4 15-32 c; refined. Irregular.
BUTTER— Receipts, BS2B packages; market
easy; Western creamery, 21@25c; factory, 18
®20c.
EGGS— Receipts, 19,414 packages, steady;
Western at mark, ll%c; Southern at mark. 11
<gll%c
DRIED FRUITS.
Prime and common grades of evaporated
apples eased oft partially under liberal offer-
Ings and an unexpected Increase in the sup
ply. Other grades, however, held about steady
at old prices. California dried fruits were In
active and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
44{?5c; prime, 5%@6c; choice, 7@7".c; fancy,
7%®S4c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 34®Be.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13g-15c; Moorpark, 15®lSe
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18®22c; unpeeled, 74®9c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. March 29.— The local market
for metals continued to develop general ac
tivity and strength to-day. Advices from Lon
don wer*e favorable, showing an advance of
£2 12s 6d for spot tin. Under this Influence
tin here ruled firm and scored a net gain for
the day of 60 points, closing firm at $32.
COPPER— Firm and unchanged, closing at
$16 76.
PIG IRON— Warrants continue weak.
LEAD— Steady and unchanged, $4 67% bid
and $4 72% asked.
SPELTER— J4 CO bid and $4 60 aaked; steady
and unchanged.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 45 and
for copper $17@17 25.
CHICAGO, March 29.— The wheat market
opened unchanged from yesterday at 66%@
67c. and then, probably because Liverpool was
lower than expected In view of the advance
here yesterday and because some private mes
sages contradicted yesterday's reports of dam
age to the French crop, sold off to 66% c. At
this point New York made an upward spurt
fearing war as an outgrowth of the difficulties
existing between Russia and Turkey, and the
local crowd of shorts covered In some alarm.
A report from Duluth of heavy export demands
assisted In the bulge, aa did the strength of
provisions. May rallied to 67% c. but failed
to hold It, although further cables from France
contradicted earlier ones, reasserting that the
damage In France was serious. There was
considerable profit taking at the top and
shorts apparently took a calmer view of' the
Turko-Russlan situation, for May sold oft to
66% c and closed barely steady a shade under
yesterday at 66ftc. At the advance the pit
was excited and at other times rather nervous.
The provision market repeated Its exhibition
of strength and excitement to a crowded pit.
Hogs were higher at the yards and receipts
small. This, with the heavy outside demand
and the frantic shorts trying to cover In a mar
ket where offerings were light, caused a swift
advance. May pork was the main attraction
opening at 17%@25c over yesterday at $12 65®
12 72% and in a wild burst of bidding shot up
to $13. the highest price since 1835. On the
bulge there was heavy profit taking. Lard
Buffered more than pork and ribs In this move.
Pork lost only part of the advance, closing
27% c over yesterday at $12 75. May lard closed
2%@5c lower and May ribs 7%c up.
The corn market was less active than wheat
and did little better than hold Its own, al
though the export business was put at 100
loads and provisions extended an Influence of
strength, while cables were strong. May closed
a • shade over yesterday. ,
The oats market was firm, with July In Bome
what better demand than May. Trade was
without much feature and quiet. May closed
unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March 66%
May 67 ? 674 . 66% , 66T4
J"ly •••••••••• 68 68% 67% ' 67Ti
Corn No. 2—
March 37
May 38% 38% 38% 38%
July 39 39 38% 38,*
September 394 39% 39V* Z9\
Oats No. 2—
May 24% 24% 24% 24%
July 23% 24 23% 23T4
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 12 65 13 00 12 65 12 75
July J2 50 12 60 12 35 12 37%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 6C5 6 62U 6 42% 6CO
July 6 67% 6 72% 6 52% 660
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 6 67% 675 660 «70
July 6 65- 676 6 52% 660
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3, sprints wheat, 65Vic; No. 2 red,
CSS634c; No. 2 corn, 37% c; No. 2 oats, 24>4©
24% c: No. 2 white. 26T£4?27c; No. 3 white. 2G«*@>
27c; No. 2 rye, 54V*c; No. 2 barley. 41@44c; No.
1 flaxseed. $1 65; prime timothy seed, $2 40:
mess pork, tx»r barrel, $12 10(S12 75: lard, per
100 pounds, {6 35<ff6 474: short ribs sides (loose),
JG 6M»6 90: dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6U@
64c: short clear sides (boxed). *6 90@7; whisky,
distillers' finished good*, per Ballon, $1 23.
Sugars — Cut loaf, 6c; granulated, 5.44 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 83.000 65,000
Wheat, bushels 70,000 79.000
Corn, bushels 439,000 286.000
Oats, bushels ...318.000 233.000
Rye, bushels 14,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 43, C00 28,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak; creamery, 19®22c; dairy 16
«22c. • Cheese, firm, 12@13c. Egg*. Pteady;
fresh, 104 c .
8
Steamer.
I Due.
North Fork Hnmboldt Mar. M
Curacao Mexico Mar. *>
Coos Bay Newport Mar. 3D
China China *nd Japan; IMar. U
Washtenaw Taccma IMar. 31
Welllnston Ojfifr Harbor..... IMar. Jl
Warfleld Orster Harbor ...... Mar. n
City of Sydney. Panama Mar. Jl
State ot Cai....(vortland Mar; 31
Corona iSan Ple«t> lApr. I
Del None [Oregon Port» lApr.. 1
Mackinaw {Seattle lApr. t
Walla Walla...) Victoria A Pii«»t Sound Apr., i
Crescent City.. Crescent Cl!y Apr. . %
Pomona San Diego „.„.. Apr. t
Bontta Newport Apr. 3
Laguna Tlllamook Apr. 3
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Apr. 3
South Portland Oyster Harbor Apr. 3
Aberdeen Portland Apr. 3
Willamette .... Seattle Apr. 4
Point Arena.... Point Arena, Apr. S
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 5
Columbia Portland Apr. S
Santa Roea San IMego Apr. »
CoQullle River. Grays Harbor Apr. S
Samoa Humboldt Apr. S
Steamer.
I Destination.
Balls.
I Pier.
Santa Rosa San DI»«ro Mar. 30. 11 am Pier U
Pomona ....'Humboldt I Mar. 30. 2pm I Pier •»
Aloha (Crescent City. | Mar. JO, 1 pmfPler S
Hongk'ff M China* Japan Mar. 31. Ipm PM3S
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 31. 7pm Pier ?
Arcata ' Cooa Bar Mar. 31. 12 m Pier 13
Kamoa Humboldt Apr. 1. 10 am Pier 13
Orizaba Newport Apr. 1. tua Pier n
North Fork Humboldt Apr. 1. »am Pier 3
Queen Vlo A P« Sd. Apr. LlOamlPler 9
Xewburj ..Grays Harbor Apr. 2. 5pmt. .......
State of Cal Portland Apr. 3. 10 am Pier 24
Corona .... San Dle*o Apr. 8. 11 amjPier 11
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. Apr. S. 10 amjPler »
Australia .. Honolulu Apr. i. t pm|Pler 7
Bonlta Newport Apr. 5. »am Pier 11
City PueWa Vie & Prt Bd. Apr. «. Warn Pier »
Columbia .. Portland Apr. S. 10 am Pier 21
3 Time Time Time Time
i Ft. Ft. Ft. — — Ft.
• I* W ¦ H W " I* W H W
30 ... 4:47 0.3 11:15 5.4 4:61 1.4 11:15 5.»
M ... 6:32 0.0 12:20 5.S 5:32 1.8 11:52. 5.»
1 ... 8:21 — 0. 1 1:11 4.» 8:12 2.J
H Vf L. W H W Is W
I ... 0:3S 5.9! 7:14 —0.3 2:11 4.S «:54 J.7
3 ... 1:18 5.S! 8:1CM— 0.21 3:13! 4.4 7:42l 3.J
4 ... 2:01 5.e! »:09 0.0! 4:20! 4.31 8:421 3.S
5 ... 2:32 5.2| 10:15 0.3| 5:291 4.3! »:»! *•*
Steamer.
I Due.
North Fork Hnmboldt Mar. M
Curacao Mexico Mar. *>
Coos Bay Newport Mar. 3D
China China *nd Japan; IMar. U
Washtenaw Taccma IMar. 31
Welllnston Ojfifr Harbor..... IMar. Jl
Warfleld Orster Harbor ...... Mar. n
City of Sydney. Panama Mar. Jl
State ot Cai....(vortland Mar; 31
Corona iSan Ple«t> lApr. I
Del None [Oregon Port» lApr.. 1
Mackinaw {Seattle lApr. t
Walla Walla...) Victoria A Pii«»t Sound Apr., i
Crescent City.. Crescent Cl!y Apr. . %
Pomona San Diego „.„.. Apr. t
Bontta Newport Apr. 3
Laguna Tlllamook Apr. 3
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Apr. 3
South Portland Oyster Harbor Apr. 3
Aberdeen Portland Apr. 3
Willamette .... Seattle Apr. 4
Point Arena.... Point Arena, Apr. S
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 5
Columbia Portland Apr. S
Santa Roea San IMego Apr. »
CoQullle River. Grays Harbor Apr. S
Samoa Humboldt Apr. S
Steamer.
I Destination.
Balls.
I Pier.
Santa Rosa San DI»«ro Mar. 30. 11 am Pier U
Pomona ....'Humboldt I Mar. 30. 2pm I Pier •»
Aloha (Crescent City. | Mar. JO, 1 pmfPler S
Hongk'ff M China* Japan Mar. 31. Ipm PM3S
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 31. 7pm Pier ?
Arcata ' Cooa Bar Mar. 31. 12 m Pier 13
Kamoa Humboldt Apr. 1. 10 am Pier 13
Orizaba Newport Apr. 1. tua Pier n
North Fork Humboldt Apr. 1. »am Pier 3
Queen Vlo A P« Sd. Apr. LlOamlPler 9
Xewburj ..Grays Harbor Apr. 2. 5pmt. .......
State of Cal Portland Apr. 3. 10 am Pier 24
Corona .... San Dle*o Apr. 8. 11 amjPier 11
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. Apr. S. 10 amjPler »
Australia .. Honolulu Apr. i. t pm|Pler 7
Bonlta Newport Apr. 5. »am Pier 11
City PueWa Vie & Prt Bd. Apr. «. Warn Pier »
Columbia .. Portland Apr. S. 10 am Pier 21Marital Fetters Sundered.
OAKLAND. March 29.— Judsre Ogden
granted Minnie Agnes Dean a divorce to
ay from Willard A. Dean. The grounds
were failure to provide. Judge Ellsworth
has granted : Isabel M. • -Wheeler, a' divorce
from • Edwin <'¦ L. Wheeler on " similar
grounds, awarding the plaintiff the charge
of the two minor children. *.
Attorney Bert Recovering,
Attorney Eugene Bert, who is suffering
from concussion of the brain as. a result
of a bicycle accident which occurred about
two weeks ag<S, is slowly recovering. The
attorney's condition was serious for a
time, but the physicians In attendance
announced yesterday that the patient will
be able to be around in a short time.
History of the Old Testament.
Rabbi Jacoh Voorsanger delivered the
second of a series of lectures last night
in the •auditorium of the Young Men's
Christian AFsociation building. The sub
ject was. "The Literary History of the Old
Testament." which ihe reverend gentle
ma-j said is tho national history of the
Jewish people, ty many authors, few of
whom are known or have left their names.
The literature, he snid. represented an era
of a' thousand years or more, and was in
itself law. poetjy and ethics.
Struggle of the Classes.
At a Socialist meeting held in the lec
ture hall of the Academy of Sciences last
evenlnic C. H. Luck of Oakland lectured
Upon "The Cla?s Struggle." Mr. Luck
Fpok»» of the (struggle between classes from
the primitive stato of man to the present
date, where we find on one hand the mo
nopoHw a-irl the trusts and on the other
the struggling rlass of laboring pc-ople.
'I^tween tIMM w«» find the much mort
. paged class, which is rapidly ripening into
ihp IM!T, ¦ Following the speaker's ad
dress' tlu're wore several short speeches
by members of ihe audience.
THOUGHT THERE WAS
MUTINY ON THE RUSH
Deputy Sheriff Lowder Pulls Out to
Assist the Officers and Wishes
He Had Not-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO. March 29.— Deputy Sher
iff Lowder of this place attempted to as
sist the officers of the revenue cutter
Rush in running affairs on board that
craft, and as a result went up against It
in a way that has made him ever since
the water front's standing joke.
The skipper of the revenue cutter had
called all hands to man the whistle cord
and have a little signal practicing. Then
followed a long .series of doleful howls of
varying lengths which came near caus
ing a panic among the hill tribe and water
front. The report spread that mutiny was
rampant on the cutter and help was
needed. Lowder heard the whistles and
the rumor. Buckling on a star and call
ing for volunteers, he pulled to the res
cue. The cutter's side reached. .Lowder
bristling with importance -showed his star
and asked the officer on watch if he need
ed police protection. The .sea rover scru
tinized his questioner a moment and then
intimated in navy blue language that
Lowder would need protection himself if
he did not haul off. Lowder insists that
there was a mutiny, but says the sight
of the majesty of the law, as vested in
him, nipped it In the bud.
TRANSFERS AT MARE ISLAND.
Officers Bid Formal Farewell to Rear
Admiral Kempff.
VALLEJO, March 29.— This morning all
the naval officers at Mare Island assem
bled by order of the commandant to wit
ness the transfer of the command of the
navy yard and station to Captain Morrill
Miller, who will be the new captain of the
yard.
Rear Admiral Kempff, who has been or
dered to the Asiatic station as second in
command there, under Hear Admiral
Rempy. who relieves Rear Admiral Wat
con, relinquished the office of commandant
to Captain Miller, who in addition to be
ing captain of the yard will also bo acting
commandant. Salutes were fired from the
Independence as the flag of Admiral
Kempff was , lowered from his ship and
when the pennant of the new commander
was raised. Captain Miller became num
ber one on the list of captains upon the
promotion of Captain Cotton to the rank
of r^ar admiral, and will become a flag
officer upon the retirement of Rear Ad
miral McNear, which may occur any time.
In the afternoon all the officers of the
yard again as^cmblerl at the gate of the
navy yard to bid good-oy t" Rear Aomiral
K^mpff, who took his departure on the
Unadilla for San Francisco. He leaves
for the Astatic station on Saturday on the
steamer Hongkong Maru, and will com
mand the squadron in Chinese waters.
When the admiral left the yard he was
givrn a hearty farewell salute by all the
steam whistles on the bay, the crews of
the Independence and other ships cheering
lustily as the tug steamed away.
BOUND FOR PARIS.
Travel to the Paris Exposition Has
Already Commenced.
NEW YORK. March 25.— Travel to the
Paris Exposition has begun.' The French
line steamer La Touraine when she
sailed for Havre to-day had the largest
number of passengers on board that she
has carried on any eastward trip in two
years, thero being son in the cabin and 200
in the steerage. The applications for
passage of thirty-five persons had to be
refused.
Bryan in Oregon.
PENDLKTON, March 2).— W. J. Bryan
spoke at this place this morning to an au
dience of 3500 people in a large warehouse.
He was received by the local Democruts
and entertained at breakfast. In his ad
dress here he discussed the three Issue."*
upon which he has been speaking at other
places— trusts, finance and imperialism.
At the close of his speech he was taken
on a special train to Walla Walla.
#KHOtOtO +Of O +O+ ©?©tOCf •
$' ' ¦' - ¦ . . -t-
The Berkeley college boys O
0 and co-eds intend to show San ' £
? Franciscans what they can do 9
2 in a theatrical way. The best O
O pictures from their play will £
£ be presented in next Sunday's X
J Call. 9
S^OtOiOfOfOfOKHOKHOKH*
Fair Case Behearing.
The Supreme Court in considering the
petition for a rehearing in the Fair case
had before it three distinct arguments
upon the petition, one by John Garber,
one by Charles S. Wheeler and one bear-
Ing the names of Knight & Heggerty,
William T. Herrin and H. L. Gear."
of American Municipalities, nas called a
meeting of the executive committee of
that organization, to be held at the office
of the secretary. B. F. Gllkison, In New
York. April 7. At this meeting definite ac
tion will be taken upon a proposition for
an expert Investigation of municipally
owned and operated electric light works.
Attacked Non-Union Men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. March 29.— The
Vancouver longshoremen are still out on
strike. This morning a riot took place at
the wharf where the steamer Walla Wal
la was being unloaded. Five scab men
had gone to work, and when they with
drew from police protection on the wharf
and were going up town they were set
upon by a number of the members of the
union. One man. John Sunderland. was
seriously injured, being kicked and pound
ed about the face and head. The case will
be heard in th© Police Court to-morrow.
Miner Injured.
Special Dispatch to Th» CalL
ANGELS CAMP, March ».— While
working in the Ltghtner mine at this place
last Saturday Patrick Kelly was struck
on the back by a large rock and probably
fatally injured. Kelly was working In
dangerous ground when a large piece of
rock loosened from overhead and fell, nar
rowly mlssinjr him in Its rapid descent.
He was told to leave, that part of the
mine, and while walking to a point of
safety another rock fell, striking him
and causing serious Injury.
Thousands to Go to Nome.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 29.— Fourteen
thousand people have engaged passag«
from Pacific Coast ports for Cape Nome,
Alaska, on the first fleet of steamers
which sails about May 1. It Is stated thai
forty-two steamers will leave for Nome
from San Francisco, Puget Sound ports
and Portland, practically at the same
time. Many of these steamers will make
two trips, and It is estimated that up
ward of 20.000 people will leave Pacific
ports for the new gold fields during th«
season.
COURT NOTES.
Charles' S. Brundage has sued the Cali
fornia Insurance and Trust Company to
recover several valuable pieces of land
near the park. The property in question
was trasferred to the plaintiff by the late
Thomas U. Sweeney, but In a will, execut
ed two years ago. the property was other
wise disposed of and the defendant cor
poration as executors of decedent's will
now claims it.
Frank Moody, a soldier, recently con
victed on a felony charge, was placed on
trial before Judge Lawlor yesterday on a
charge of assault to murder for having on
January 5 tired a shot at Martin Van
Haaren.
Judge Bahrs yesterday granted a tem
porary injunction, upon motion of the
California Pastoral and Agricultural Com
pany, restraining Miller & Lux from
building a dam across the Fresno River
in Madera County.
DANGERS LURK
IN PHOTOGRAPHS
AND MISSIVES
They Prove Very Important
Factors in Fink's
Divorce.
Husband Found Letters Signed "His
Nibs" and "Ed," and a Pho
tograph in Which He Does
Not Figure.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March 29.
The Fink divorce case occupied the at
tention of Judge Hall all day and the
family quarrels were rehearsed for the
benefit of the Judge who , will have to
finally settle the alimony question.
The letters which Fink threatened yes
terday to produce were not brought into
court, though Mr. Fink told of finding
them In his wife's trunk. One of the let
ters, he said, was signed "His Nibs," and
the other "Ed," and he thought they were
written by the same person. The letters
breathed thoughts of love and good times.
The much talked of "photographs"
proved to be some tintypes taken at some
•"flnished-in-ten-minutes" gallery. The
pictures showed some man. very evidently
not Mr. Fink, who had his head on the
shoulder of Mrs. Fink. There was some
discussion as to whether the head was
on the shoulder or being held in Mrs.
Flnk'B arms, but Jiidpe Ogden suggested
that he could see the photograph without
the aid of an argument.
Mrs. Fink denios the existence of any
letters such as her husband described.
Miss Quince at Rest.
OAKLAND, March 29.— The ' funeral of.
TO SHED LIGHT
OH WHAT IS A
VISIBLE MOON
No Precedent Known to the
Law on Which to Base
a Just Decision.
A Witness Who Confessed ; Entire
Ignorance on the Subject of As
tronomical Phenomena and
Similar Things.
?
ALAMEDA, March 29.— Recorder St.
Sure is wrestling with the problem, "Is a
clouded moon as good as any old moon?"
The Judge will have to rely entirely on his
own resources to solve this perplexing
problem, as there is no precedent known
to the law to guide him to a just decision.
Upon this decision hangs the fate of $3,
deposited by School Director Frank Otis
when he was arrested, March 14, for not
carrying a light on his bicycle, as a city
ordinance says everybody must do.
This now famous ordinance allows
cyclists the privilege of riding without
lights when the moon is visible between
the second and third quarters. ' When
Mr. Otis was arrested the moon was do
ing the heavens between the second and
third quarters, but at the particular hour
he was nabbed by a policeman an Incon
siderate cloud obscured its face. He de
manded a trial for the purpose of getting
a decision on the construction of the word
"visible." Last night the trial engaged
the attention of City Recorder St. Sure
and a large number of citizens.
City Attorney E. K. Taylor and Letter
Carrier Floyd were the principal witnesses
for the prosecution. The City Attorney
said he had taken an hour's constitutional
on his wheel on the night in question and
to him the moon was visible. He was
asked if he carried a lantern.
"No. I did not," replied the witness,
"and i thanked my lucky stars the next
day when I read about the arrest of Mr.
Letter-Carrier Floyd confessed that he
was not an authority on constellations,
nebulae, milky ways, orbits and other
astronomical phenomena.
Vlf the moon had been above the horizon
on the night the defendant was arrested,
would you have seen it?" queried Mr.
Otis, who conducted his own defense.
"Well, I never studied astronomy, so I
don't know," was the reply.
Mr. Otis submitted all kinds of testi
mony to show that the moon was visible,
but the City Recorder took the matter
under advisement and will render his de
cision later.
Rev. Dr. J A. B. Wilson Remembered
The Epworth League connected with the
Howard-street Methodist Church last
night presented the pastor, Rev. Dr. Wil
son, with an elegant reclining chair and a
vase In commemoration of the twenty
ninth annl\ersary of his wedding. Dr. and
Mrs. Wilson were married in George
•¦own. DeL
DRAGGED FROM IN
FRONT OF A TRAIN
OAKLAND, March 29.— Frank McAllis
ter has added one "more to the list of lives
he has saved. -Yesterday afternoon I Mrs.
Georgia Pollen of 1766 Fifth street, who
Is very deaf, was crossing the Seventh
street local tracks when a train was ap
proaching. She. did not hear the train,
which was almost upon her, when Mc-
Allister Jumped out from the sidewalk and
dragged the old lady off of the track just
in " time. A moment more and the train
would have struck her. : - ! -
McAllister . performed a similar „ act of
bravery only a few months ago under
somewhat similar circumstances. ¦-
Bobbed by Footpads.
A Japanese servant while walking con
tisvrus to the Arctic Oil Works late yes
terday afternoon was held, up by three
men; who relieved him of a check for $160
drawn on the Bank of Yokohama and $2 50
in silver; After thoroughly searching
their victim the footpads struck him in tht?
faco after threatening to kill him if he in
formed the police. ¦ The Japanese after
waiting ur.til the men were some distance
away wont to the. Potrero police Btatlon,
wh«-re be re-ported the robbery to the of
ficer in charge.
RACE TRACK TRAIN
JUMPS THE TRACK
OAKLAND, March 29.— A defective
switch caused the partial wrecking of the
s:ls "o'clock racetrack special train this
afternoon at Sixteenth street station. Four
cars were derailed, and the passengers
were given a lively jolting. There was
considerable delay in pulling the derailed
cars on the track," but no special damage
resulted." The switch was examined'im
mediately after the train passed on its
way to Oakland pier, ana the sections
hands found It had slipped while the cars
were passing over it. The train had
stopped above the switch, waiting signal
to pass the station, and was barely mov
ing when the cars left the track.
PERCY DAVIS THE
VICTIM OF THUGS
OAKLAND. March 30.— Percy L. Davis,
a manufacturer's representative, with of
fices in the Flood building in San Fran
cisco, left his hotel in Oakland last night
to visit in Alameda. He returned a short
time after midnight this morning In a
dazed condition and had almost lost the
power of speech. He was otherwise In
deep distress. A doctor was summoned,
who, after an examination, gave it as
his opinion that Davis was the victim of
thugs and had probably been sandbagged.
His valuables were found intact, showing
that no attempt had been made to rob
him.
There Is a large lump behind the ear,
which could have been made with a sand
bag, and a cut in the inside of the mouth.
The strange case was immediately re
ported to the police, but up to a late hour
they had not succeeded In finding out how
Davis had been injured.
A single journal In Paris causes th«
destruction of 120,000 trees a year as ma-
terial for paper.
MISS DARCHY PRAISES
AUSTRALIAN SCENERY
Says Its True Beauty Can Only Be
Appreciated by the Artistic and
Sensitive.
M!fs Darrhy of the Sydney Daily Tele
graph staff If-ctured last evening at
iioiden Gate Hall on "Australie Naturel—
Its Savage? and Its Scenery." She said
that arfaea the white man put foot on the
Ff-11 of Austr.-illa the doom of the black
man was certain. He was disappearing
and with him his nomenclature. Still the
white s«uUts had retained some of the
nam*s (riven by the- aborigines to the
mountains, rivers and coast and these
•wore Quite Vx-'nurlful and expressive.
Much of th»» lecture was devoted to a de
scription cf Australian scenery, which
was treated quite picturesquely. The gen
«r»l tone of the Australian bush, she said,
was melancholy. There were no garish
colors, irome railed it dreary, but to her
it was pleasing. It might be said .that
OSJeSa one had a sensitive and artistic
mind the true beauty of the Australian
bush might not be perceived. The Aus
tralian gum tr<=^s were also eulogized.
Australia had not yet developed a poet
.vbo was aMe to attract wiae-world in
terest in the nntural characteristics of
that vast land, but he would yet appear.
Miss Dar^hy also spokf! of the Jenolan
Caves, the Blu«- Mountains, the strange
animals and birds of Australia and the
beautiful harbor of Sydney.
BOARD OF TRADE WANTS
THE HARBOR DREDGED
OAKLAND. March 29.— The Board of
Trade at a special meeting to-day adopted
resolutions reciting the urgent necessity
of immediately dredging Oakland harbor
to complete a channel twenty feet deep
from Webster-street bridge to the harbor
entrance. Request Is made of Congress
man Metcalf and Senators Perkins and
Hard to present the resolutions at once to
the War Department.
The resolutions declare that there is
'available a large sum of money for the
improvement of the harbor, and the War
Department Is requested to put- some of
the funds to immediate use, as the depth
of water in the channel is now insufficient
to float ships with full cargoes. The lack
of water. It Is declared, causes great de
lay and much expense in handling mer
chandise sent to this port. '• (
Terrill Acquitted.
SAN JOSE, March 29.— Sam B. Terrill.
an attorney, charged with embezzling $300
from Mrs. Clara Fread, a client, was ac
quitted by a jury this evening after ten
hours' deliberation. Terrill conducted his
own defense. He introduced no testimony
In his own behalf, but contended that the
testimony of the prosecution showed that
he accepted the money with Intent to ap
propriate It and that if any crime was
proven It was grand larceny and not em
bezzlement. The statute or limitation
will prevent him being tried for grand
larceny.
Say Bonds Are Valid.
LOS ANGELES. March 29.— Dillon &
Hubbard. the New York attorneys, who
are admitted experts on matters relating
to municipal bonds and who have beer,
retained by the city as associate counsel
fn the bond litigation in which the city
s now engaged, did not agree with the
stand taken by Judge Oster in his recent
dedSon in which he holds that the Issue
of school bonds to the amount of $200,000
walnot legal. City Attorney Haas has
deceived a letter from this firm and from
their expression of opinion it Is clear that
they are sanguine of the school bonds
being upheld by the Supreme Court.
Municipal League to Meet.
NEW YORK, March 29.— Mayor John
son of Denver, president of the League
HURLED INTO SPACE
BY NOVEL CATAPULT
OAKLAND, March 29.— J. S. Scott, a painter, employed at Hay & Wright's
shipyard, was the victim of an accident of a peculiar nature to-day, as
the result of which the unfortunate man lies on a bed of pain at his res
idence, 604 Eighteenth street. The injured painter was made to servo as
a projectile for a novel catapult, and soared to a height of thirty feet before
he began the downward journey to earth. '
Scott was seated on the end of a "falls," or hanging scaffold, and was en
gaged in painting the side of a ship, when several men undertook to carry a
heavy steel casting along the ship's deck. One of these workmen stumbled'
and fell and the others dropped the casting, which toppled over the side of the
ship and struck the suspended scaffold squarely In the center. The plank
broke in two with a loud snap and the painter was hurled into the air. He was
rendered unconscious by the force of his fall.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital, where an examination by Drs.
Stratton and Ewer showed that he had sustained a fracture of the seventh
rib on the right side, a sprain of the spinal column and numerous cuts and
bruises. The injury to the man's spinal column is regarded as very serious.
SHERIFFS POSSE FIGHTS
WITH BAND OF OUTLAWS
Two of the Officers Are Shot Dead in
the Melee and Five Desper
adoes Caught.
DENVER, March 29.— A special to the
Rocky Mountain News from Gallup, N.
M., says a bloody battle between a Sher
ifTs posse and a gang of desperadoes oc
curred near Navajo Springs, sixty miles
west of Gallup, yesterday, In which two
of the posse, Gus Gibbons and Frank
Lezeur, were killed. Five of the outlaws
were captured and two badly wounded.
Three escaped and are being followed.
The gang had been stealing cattle in
various parts of the country.
WEDDED AT VALLEJO.
Miss Luchsinger and Ralph Cassady
Made Husband and Wife.
VALLEJO, March 29.— The wedding of
Miss Caroline Elizabeth Luchsinger, eld
est daughter of Senator and Mrs. J. J.
Luchsinger, to Ralph Leslie Cassady of
this city was solemnized this afternoon at
2 o'clock at the residence of the bride's
parents, corner of Virginia and Sutter
streets. Rev. T. F. Burnham officiated.
Owing to a recent 'bereavement in the
groom's family the ceremonies were
strictly private, only the immediate fami
lies being in attendance. The parlors and
dining-room were charmingly decorated
with pink ribbons and smilax. The bride
was becomingly gowned in white and car
ried a large bouquet of bridal roses. She
was attended by her sister. Miss Lv M.
Luchsinger, as bridesmaid. The latter
wore a charming dress of light blue and
also carried white bridal roses.
After the happy young couple had been
pronounced man and wife those present
partook of a wedding dinner. The bride
is one of Vallejo's most charming daugh
ters, a graduate of the High School and
has been at all times a great favorite with
all her friends and acquaintances. .
The groom is well known to everybody
In Vallejo. He Is a native of this city, a
member of the Masonic fraternity and is
employed as deputy postmaster.
The wedding gifts were unusually num
erous and handsome.
LUNACY COMMISSION MEETS.
New By-Laws Considered for Regu
lation of Asylums.
Rpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA. March 29.— The quarterly meet
ing of the State Lunacy Commission was
held at the Napa State Hospital here to
day, and there was a large attendance of
State officials and medical directors of
other State hospitals in California.
The commission made a new . arrange
ment for conducting diet tables at the dif
ferent State institutions; also a revision
of the yearly schedule of supplies and the
adoption of new by-laws to govern each
asylum. '¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦
The following named physicians were
present: Dr. Campbell of San Bernar
dino. Dr. King of Ukiah. Dr. Clark of
Stockton and Dr. Mathews of the Stato
Hoard of Health. The following Commis
sioners were in attendance: General Su-
Serintendent Hatch, Secretary of State
urry. Deputy Attorney General Post,
Secretary of the Board of State Examin
ers Kevane and Secretary. Carrere of the
commission. There was also a large
number of the members; of the board of
managers present from abroad. :,¦,•?<
IKE HAVES DEFEATED.
Knocked Out /by Fred Russell at
;•;: Seattle in Six Rounds. .'
SEATTLE. Wash.. March 29.— Fred Rus
sell was given the decision at Georgetown,
a suburb of Seattle, ; to-night • over ; Ike
Hayes (colored) at the end of the sixth
round. Although Hayes was on his feet
he was helpless, v It ¦ was a terrific fight
and Hayes came near knocking Russell
out in the first round with a left upner
cut on the law. Russell is six inches
taller than Hayes and heavier by twenty
rlve pounds.
At the close of the contest the Sheriff
arrested the contestants. They were re
leased on bonds. --.
WORKINGMEN INJURED.
Premature Explosion Hurled Tons of
Rock Down Upon Them.
SPOKANE, March 29.-By the prema
ture explosion of sixty sticks of dynamite
five workmen were burled under a mass
of broken rock to-day. One dead body
was taken from the debris and four
wounded men were taken to the hospi
tal. Salvatore Bruzzino is dead, Michael
Herman will die, Andrew Haberg will be
blind for life and Ferdlnando Grego and
010 Olesen will recover, i
_ About^ twenty men were working on the
Great Northern right of way through this
city. Haberg was tamping In dynamite
and in some unknown way it exploded,
blinding him and rolling a vast amount of
rock upon the unsuspecting workmen bo
low.
FRANCE IS FRIENDLY.
Will Interpose No Objections to the
Purchase of the Danish Indies.
PARIS. March 29, 1:20 P. M.— The For
eign Office authorities make the follow
ing statement regarding France's atti
tude toward American acquisition of the
Danish West Indies:
"France will place no obstacle what
ever In the way of success of the Danish-
American negotiations. On the contrary
in view of her cordial relations with
both the United States and Denmark, she
is willing' to waive her rights over Santa
Cruz, as France values her friendship
with these two countries far more highly
than any claims she may have in the
Danish Antilles."
Municipal Rights Defined.
SANTA ROSA, March 29.— The Supreme
Court has reversed the judgment of the
Superior Court In the case of the city of
Cloverdale against Patrick and Ann
Smith, an action brought against the
Smiths to restrain them from turning sur
face water from their land Into certain
streets of the town. The lower court gave
judgment in favor of the defendants. The
Supreme Court decision is of great im
portance, not only to Cloverdale, but to
other cities, as it settles the right of mu
nicipalities to regulate private enterprises
that inflict public hardship.
Jordan Was Misquoted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 29.—
In a letter to Secretary Clark, received
to-day. President Jordan Bays that the
press reports of his lecture in Chicago re
cently on "The Blood of the Nation" were
grossly incorrect, and apparently had been
written by some one who did not hear the
address. Continuing, he. says: "I have
maintained that England; was a degener
ate nation, but that the decay of nations
was primarily and almost solely due to
military selection and the slaughter of
the available for service In war."
L. A. Upson Dies Suddenly.
SACRAMENTO, March 29— LV a. Up
son, one of the most widely known men of
this city, for many years a partner in the
firm of Adams, McGill '- & Co. and for a
number- of; years the treasurer'; of -the
State Agricultural Society, died here sud
denly to-night from a stroke of paralysis.
He was a son of Lauren Upson, for many
years United States Surveyor General of
this State,* and was also editor till 1864 of
the Sacramento Union. .
Inventor Passes Away.
LONDON, March 29.— Professor Pepper,
the Inventor of "Pepper's Ghost" and oth
er, illusions, is dead. : ; \ '
Stricken With Apoplexy.
BERKELEY, March 29.— William P.
Striker, a dairyman at Carlton and Sac
ramento streets. North Berkeley, was
found unconscious from a stroke of apo
plexy Wednesday morning in a gully on
his ranch. He had gone out Tuesday
evening to attend to some cattle, and fail
ing to return search was made for him.
He has been removed to the residence of
his brother, George H. Striker, 1409 Wal
nut street. His condition is serious.
Servant Girl Goes Wrong.
Several days ago a middle-aged woman,
who is only known by the name of
"Grace," -was given employment as a
servant In the house of Lewis Slevin at
2413 Sacramento street. Yesterday during
the absence of the family she skipped with
$36 belonging to ht-r mistress. The police
have been asked to find her.
FRIEND WATSON IS A
LUCKY BENEFICIARY
OAKLAND, March 29.— A petition was
filed to-day by John F. More of Santa
Barbara and P. W. Watson of San Fran
cisco for the probate of the will of Elea
nor H. More, in which they are named as
executors without bonds. The property
disposed of amounts in the aggregate to
$oO,lHX». and the terms of the instrument
are of a nature which makes a contest
almost a certainty.
The testatrix, who was a resident of this
city, died at Monroe. lowa, on March 13,
1900. The bulk of her property was com
posed of 2006 shares of stock in the Santa
Rosa Island Company. She was also the
owner of considerable real estate and per
sonal property In lowa.
John F. More, a brother, was bequeathed
$15,000: P. W. Watson, a "friend." $10,000;
Mrs. Martha J. Orcutt. a sister, $5000, and
a large number of relatives, friends and
religious and charitable institutions
amounts ranging from $50 to $500. Eliza
M. Miller, another sister, was bequeathed
onlv'sso. It Is exp«>ctefl that -Mrs. Miller
will contest the will, and it is possible
that she may be joined by other relatives,
who object to the size of Watson's legacy.
Miss Annie M. Quince was held at 11
o'clock this morning from her late resi
dence. 559 Harrison street. A large num
ber of schoolteachers and public school
pupils, among whom the deceased had
labored for years, were present. Services
at the house were conducted by Rev. J. C.
Wooten, pastor of Asbury Methodist
Church. The interment was private.
CUSHING & WETMORE
SECURE BIG DAMAGES
Gray Brothers Must Pay Five Thou
sand Dollars for the Telegraph
Hill Blockade.
A Jury 5n Judge Hunt's court yesterday
pave judgment for the plaintiff for $5000
damages in the suit of the Cushing-Wet
more Company against George F. and
Harry M. Gray, composing the firm of
Crray Bros.
The case was a peculiar one. At the
time that the damages were inflicted upon
the plaintiff it attracted much attention
£.nd the facts formed the basis of numer-
OUS newspaper stories.
The Cushir.g-Wetmore Company owns
a lot of land on Telegraph Hill, at the
corn<r of Lombard and A\ inthrop streets
from which they were engaged in taking
out rock for stre«?t purposes. The only
exit nu along I^jmbard street, under the
edge of the cliff, the passage being very
narrow. Last May Gray Bros, blasted out
a quantity of rock in such a way as to
effectually block the roadway, and re
-fus^.i to remove the debris. The Cush
<r.g-W.-tmore Company then cut out a
rough road along \Vlnthrop street. Gray
Bros, own the adjoining property and se
cured permission to buiH a sidewalk in
Fuch a position that heavy timbers tilled
th« road. The obstruction was removed
liy th«» <;ushinu-W«?tmore Company In just
«-]<*ven minutes. Grsy Bros, enters pnit
atiil speared judgment for $50 damages.
An appeal wa.s taken by the defendant
hut the ease has been hanging fire for
eight months. \
Isy winning the suit the Cushing-Wet
rnore Company will hereafter be protect
ed by an injunction from the court
Wright &. Lukens were attorneys for the
plaintiffs.
TO EXTEND SCOPE
OF UNIVERSITY
Faculty Working on a Plan That
Will Make It a Pacific Coast
Institution.
Believe Berkeley Can Be Made the Educational
Center of the Entire Region West
of the Rockies.
BERKELEY, March 29.— The Univer
sity of California will extend its
scope over the entire coast by ac
crediting high schools outside of
this State, Including those in the States
of Washington, Oregon and Nevada. This
Is the most important move of the
"Greater University of California" that
has been proposed since the plans for the
new university were made and It means a
great deal. It means that the University
of California will become a Pacific Coast
institution and not a State Institution
alone. It means that the State University
is going into other territory for students
and will give the residents of other States
greater educational opportunities. It will
make the entire coast tributary to Berke
ley in an educational way. It means that
the University of California; will become
like Yale, Harvard and other great uni
versities of the East. It means that the
"Greater University of California" will
become the fountain head of education for
the coast and may in time take in all the
great country west of the Mississippi
River.
At present only schools In this State are
accredited to the University of California.
The graduates of the schools outside the
State are compelled to undergo a rigid
examination, even though their curricu
lum is as high as the accredited schools
of this State. The lack of funds at pres
ent prevents immediate action being taken
to include outside schools, but as soon as
the necessary funds can be had an exam
ining committee will be sent to Inspect
the high schools In Oregon. The Portland
High School will probably be the first
school accredited, as its standard is par
ticularly high.
By broadening the policy of the Univer
sity of California it is expected the State
in general and the institution in particu
lar will be greatly benefited. President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler believes many
Eromlnent families will be drawn hither
y the opportunity given their children
to attend college at Berkeley.
"As trade follows the flag," be says, "ao
must business follow education."
Professor Frederick Slate, chairman of
the committee on accrediting high schools,
says:
"The question of groins beyond the bor
ders of this State and admitting second
ary schools to our accredited lists is not
entirely a new one with us, but it has now
reached such & point that It will be put
Into effect as soon as the necessary finan
ces are provided. I think we are all agreed
that we should reach out to other States.
"Ten years ago we began to organize our
high schools Into a system and admit
their graduates to our ranks without ex
amination. That work has been carried
en very successfully ever since, until now
we have nearly a perfect system. Some
time ago It was suggested that we extend
our sphere to Include the neighboring
States. The suggestion met with hearty
approval, but nothing has been done be
cause of the lack of finances. With a
State Institution that is usually a very
vital question. "We cannot deprive our
California schools of our Investigation if
our funds go no further. If there was
plenty of money I would be heartily In fa
vor of going into other States for high
schools. Our field must not be confined
to California, but the best secondary
schools of other States must be given a
place on our lists.
"The Portland High School Is a splen
did one and will probably he among th«
first to be looked Into by us. To send a
committee to examine the school will cost
about $100, which is unavailable at pres
ent. It won't be long, though, I predict,
before representative schools from Wash
ington. Oregon and Nevada are admitted.
"These schools are very anxious to Join
our ranks. It will mean much to our
State. Even now there are a few of our
neighboring States' sons and daughters
who attend this Institution. They are of
the best families and the kind we most
desire. It usually means that where the
children go the families follow. In that
way our population is Increased by the
most desirable people. The State will
therefore be benefited as well as the In
stitution.
"I want to ace the accrediting lists of
the Lnlversity of California soon contain
the names of schools in all our neighbor
ing States."
FLAG EXPERTS
INSIST UPON
NEW DESIGNS
Mayor Phelan's Dream De
velops Into a Disagree- .
able Nightmare.
Competitors Have Been Unable to
Suggest an Emblem More Sig
nificant Than the Stars
and Stripes.
Mayor Phelan 1b la trouble. He has
beta unable to discover any one clever
enough to submit a design for a municipal
flag. The competition consequently has
been reopened and ambitious designers,
who believe that they can improve upon
the stars and stripes, are requested to
1 lace their ideas in the keeping of the
judges chosen by his Honor the Mayor.
After a critical inspection of the designs
presented the Judges decided that none
were satisfactory. The competitors neg
lected to observe one of the first essentials
of flag making— simplicity. The judges, In
rendering their opinion, believe that a
white background is absolutely necessary.
Competitors, It appears, followed their
knowledge of contemporary events and
madtf the background mack.
The committee selected by the Mayor to
vj.Jjre the submitted designs for a muni
cipal flag in deciding to reopen
the corni-etltion has ruled as fol
lows: All designs must show a
white field as a background; only two
colors may be used— one for the design
nad the other for the motto; the design
must express some symbol emblematic of
the municipality: the motto. "Gold in
peace, < ron j n waT< " must blend harmo
niously. The following competitors were
mentioned as deserving of special com
mendation and the committee suggested
that they try again:. -Foster," "S. A.."
£i' MM w B S f>n) " t ¦*- w - Smith. N. L. Adams,
\ erba Buena." Polytechnic School, J. M
Gamble; C. D. E. Johnston, Oakland; "A
t, •, B -'i nna M - Lukens, V. Murdock,
Polytechnic High School, and H. M.
.Bunker. AH desijsms must be submitted
on or before April 1 at the Mayors office.
They should be eight by twelve Inches in
size at least and entered by some mark
and address of the person making the
design.
VAUTHIER'S NOBLE FIGURE,
"THE CITY OF PARIS"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 30, 1900.
PARIS, March 29.— M. Moreau Vauthler, the eminent French sculptor, has
completed his beautiful symbolic figure of "The City of Paris," -which Is to
crown the main ornamental grate of the Paris Exposition. The figure Is no
ble, the pose excellent and the drapery Is modeled with the hand of a genius.
The upturned palm of the extended hand is a sign of welcome to the thousands
who will -visit the exposition.
I Is She Doomed to Mad- |
w . The Story of Mrs. Dunton. ;?t
| Story of Frank Adams, the. . 5
5j% • l\UI!Cl tt O j mJ\Mj • vR
I The Banishment of Cronje. |
§ to St. Helena. fj
# Dcociriont FIIAT thf» Al«tO-' 5
1 Romance of the Girl Who OUIICIdV |
ol Invented Pepsin Gum. ' ?
I . • fail
| How Some of Our Young V/Clll |
I Bachelors Keep House. amm. i 1900 I
I How I Met Paul Kruger. £
$ By Poultney Bigelow. $
jTt * ; I
O ™* " "* j I
I The Most Learned Chinese : ijj
I Scholar. <^T *
CD - '
0 Book Reviews by B. G. jj
§ Lathrop. , |
§ The Origin of April Fool 1 — 1 |
S3 Day SUNDAY CALL
8 ~ * LEADS THEM ALL* p
1 A Gospel of the Good Liver. £
Q -Translated from the French by ;,
«; : Gencvieve Green. :'
9A SNAP— Corner saloon; $20 rent; rood busi-
ness; your own price; centrally located. Box
8127. Call office. -
VARIETY Btore; fine stock; doing good paying
buslnese; to be sold very cheap account owner
Jeartar city; living rooms. Box 2133, Call.
_ _ , MEDICAL.
pR&'GXJO^wYN/'thTwelNknowa ''ladTeV physi-
cian. formerly of 401 Van N«m. returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $3; safe and . reliable cure "In one
day; 15 years' .successful practice In S F •
maternity home; low fees. 3007V4 Market st
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL.the world-renowne.l
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free; success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023H Market st .
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento st.. eor-
• ncr of Kearny: all ' diseases and ailments
cured exclusively. by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours. 10 a. ra. to 11 m.,
2 to S p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. - DR. KOHL, ladles', specialist— Guar-
. anteed treatment at office. $6: safe and re-
- liable; consultation free. 1123 Market it. bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours 1 a. m. to 6 p. m.
KN%BE pianos; n«w scale; new styles. KOH-
LKR A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
AN unequaled record— Our business is larger
than ever; our prices the lowest; .our terms
re&ainabia: our guarantee absolute: high-
grade pianos from $425 up; medlum-prtcej
pianos from $190 up: second-hand pianos from
$56 up; pianos for rent: sole agents for Chick*
erlng. Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos.- IS to
20 O'Farrell st. '
A FEW pianos will be sold for storage at auc-
tion prices: dirt cheap for cash. WILSON'S
Storage. 1710 Market st.
FINE Fischer * Stelnway upright* sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness avef.nr. Geary tt
A BARGAIN-Stelnway. $125; store open Sat.
evening. Heine Piano Mfc Co.. 138 Ellis st.
I> 2^TJ >^Xl r^ nt * new P'ano. » P»r month./
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Ilayes st.(
W ir °- BAD , GER . «2 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 2Sc; truth Or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
biuid'a picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
GBORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
leM Fuccessful. Room 81ft. 527 Mark»t st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms in center of town, within
half-block of Oakland and San Leandro elec-
tric .'ar»; with half-acre of fruit, barn and
chicken yard; $15. DRIVER, ABER A CO..
Fan Leandro.
$17 50— MISSION warm belt; 8-room cottage;
improvements: fine view; grounds; . Mission
cars to Powell aye. Inquire 15 Prospect aye.
NICELY furnished sunny cottage of 6 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. 4247 Twenty-
fourth Bt.
BRYANT aye., 2718, near Twenty-flfth— Modern
cottage of 4 rooms and bath; sunny; $12. ¦ ,
$16— COTTAGE, S rooms, bath: sunny yard;
, large basement. Key at 711 Treat aye. . .
$125 — LONG e«abllshed restaurant: good loca-
tion; a. bargain. Apply D. McRAE. 743 Mis-
*lcr. »t.
FANCY crocery. strirtly modern; rtxvj loca-
tion; unusual sacrifice. Apply PENNELL,
BUYDAM & CO.. wholesale grocers, 4 Cali-
fornia Ft. ' •
FOR rale — Store In Mission; bar and fixtures,
jioree and wagon. 4 living rooms; low rent
Inquire Broadway Brewer)'. Nineteenth st.
PARTNER wanted to invest a small amount
of mor.ey in Csj>e Nome property that is
known to be good. Box 2143. Call.
S CHOICE ealoorji, I groceries and bar; bar-
rains thi« week. EHWEINHARD A- CO.. 917
Market at., rooms 1 and 2.
TO let— Barber ehep. 2 chairs; rent cheap.
346^ Seventh St., cor. Hnrrlron.
FOR sale— Dairy and milk depot: cheap if sold
at once! Inquire at 220 Sixth Bt.
FOR «*!•— Flrst-clawj saloon at a bargain. 32
Post Bt., corner Kearny. . - ' -
$200— SALOON for eale at a sacrifice. Box Sl£7,
C»!l .office.
CHESTER CARLETON. magnetic healer and
aaaajLge treatmt. 1352 Market, rms. 27 and 28.
TOUR future told by cards. 25c. 944 Howard
St.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. .
YOUNG lady desires position as bookkeeper,
bill clerk or typewriter; reference given. Ad-
dress MISS M. R.. box 3150, Call office.
POSITION in civil engineer's office, salary no
object, by young lady understanding plat-
ting, etc Box 3151. Call office.
A LARGE NUMBER OF PINE BARGAINS
IN STEINWAY.
WEBER.
CHICKERIN.G, • .
HALES BROa.
BUSH & GERT3.
ELLINGTON.
AND OTHER PIANOS^
The Hamilton-Bancroft Stock
Recently Purchased by Us. . '
It wilt pay you to call and see them.
UPRIGHTS CO UPWARD.
SQUARES $23 UPWARD.
ORGANS $20 UPWARD.
BYRON MAUZY.
308 POST ST. _
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous*
west of Chicago is KOHLKR A CHASE' 9.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs an 4
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every*
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HAMPTON PLACE. 15. off Folsom St.. b-t
Second and Third— Sunny house; $21; 7 rooms
and bath. " .
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton st.. near Larkln. :
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; all you
»e«k to know answered, without questions:
satisfaction; readings EOc and $1. 126 O'Farrell.
MIES MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921H Mission, op.Mlnt.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 260 up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader:
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth Bt., r. 11.
MME. ZEREDA cf 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life reader: readings 25c.
A-KM; ROADHOUSE and resort; fine place;
newly -furnished. KREDO A CO., 22V» Geary.
$450— COFFEE and tea etore: big bargain this
day. COWING & CO.. 719 Market ft.
PARTNER wanted with $SOO for Cape Nome
COWING A CO.. 719 Muket et.
BJSAXi estate, city or country, in any State in
th» Union, sold and exchanged on commis-
rlon: associate offices in New York and Cht-
caro: sterling business propositions of all
¦ kinds. SunMt Realty Inv. Co., 21J Exam. bldg.
$121 — COFFEE saloon and restaurant: centrally
located: coet $900; must -be sold Immediately;
leaving city. For a bargain apply J. E. SLIN-
KEY.4 CO.. SE. cor. Market and Fifth sts.
$4?o— FINE corner saloon; 4 living rooms in
rear; rent cheap. Call at E. MARTIN A
CO.. E4 and U First st.
£200— BARGAIN; restaurant clearing $100 per
month: trial given; going to Cape Nome cause
of selling. Inquire at C 39 Howard, in laundry.
FOR Bale— Barber Bfcop; good business; rare
chance. Box 279. San Luis Obispo, Cal. ;
COMPETENT woman; housework by the day;
best of reference. Z0 Liberty st.. off Valencia.
WOMAN wishes position to do chamberwork
arid housekeeping.' 613 Mission st.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
ing housekeeper: city or country; best of ref-
erences. MRP. LISTON. 1926 Market st.
YOUNO, smart woman "vants to take charge of
rooming house for rettt of 1 or 3 unfurnished
room*. Box 2146. Call office.
MEDA HOSKINS, 1423 Mkt.. bet. 10th A Ilth—
Clr. Mon. S p. nr. Thur. 2 p. m.. 2Cc; sit. dally.
C. V. MILLER'S e«ance to-night. 8 o'clock; 25c;
3 more seances only. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRB. C. J. METER, 535 McAllister: spiritual
readings dally: test clr. to-night, Thurs. at X.
MRS. J..1. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life r»n(!er: sitting. $i. 1104 Market.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner butldlnz.
$50 TO $5O.C0O; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortjv;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
On furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. US McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you nee<i
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market *t.
TO salaried men. without collateral or Indorser:
/ other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day
washing and Ironing or house cleaning. Ad-
dress 721 Minna at.
M. MacLEOD'S specialty Is buying, selling and
exchanging lodging-houses; If you have such
business It will pay you to call at 1706 Market,
near Tenth. With O. W. 11. PATTERSON.
SO ROOMS; newly furnished throughout: good
location; transfer point: cheap rent; this Is a
great bargain if sold Immediately. RIVERS
BROS.? 227 Montgomery St.
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and,
other collateral. D. McRAE. 743 Mission st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchge.. 431 Calif.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott -build-
ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOUSLEY. 321 Parrott building.
OLD gold bought; money loaned on every de-
scription of collateral. Coleman's. SC« Kearny.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ...PHONE GRANT 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses for Fresno, • Hanford, Salinas,
Redwood City, San Jose and city, $20; 2 flrst-
class chambermaids, $20; 2 chambermaids, to
wait, $20; 2 woman cooks, small hotels, near
city, $30; mother and daughter, cook and wait-
ress, country hotel, $50, free fare one way;
German- chambermaid, Sacramento, $20. see
party here.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
House girl, Palo Alto, see party here at 10
o'clock, $30: 2 second girls, $20 each; house
girls, Martinez, city and adjacent towns and
cities, $20. $25; cook and second girl, same
family, Alameda. $40: young nurse girl, care
of one child, $10, easy place; house girl,
countrj'i 2 In family, $20, see party here at
11. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— lnstitution cook, $40; . German
chambermaid, $20, country: 4 chambermaids
and waitresses, $20, city and country: 10 hotel
waitresses. $20, cltyiand country: 7 restaurant
waitresses, $6 and $7 a week; French second
girl and nurse, $20; 4 second girls, $20, $25;
North of Ireland, English or Scotch nurse,
$25; French second girl, $20; kitchen maid,
$25; laundress and chambermaid, $30: 75
houseglrls, $20, $25, city and country. J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 316 Sutter st.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. ROOM 202,
927 MARKET ST. 9
7 girls; gen. housewk.; prlv. fam. ; $20, $25.
4 girls for second work; $15, $20.
German woman: 4 family; cook; wash; $30.
Young girl; child's nurse.
2 waitresses; country hotel; see lady here.
Woman or girl for chamber work and wait;
small country hotel; light work; $20.
Flrst-class milliner; good pay.
GIRL, for general housework and cooking; must
have reference: German or Swedish preferred;
good wages. Call 9 to 12. 907 Devlsadero St.
WANTED— Woman from 7 " a. ' m. to 9 a. m.
and all day Saturday; general housework; 2
In family. 834 Turk at. •¦_¦¦¦
WANTED — Young lady to assist in office; must
have some knowledge of typewriter. Call 423
Parrott building. .
WANTED— Young girl for general housework
In small family adults; $15; inquire after 10
a. m. 2550 Mission Bt.
GIRL to do upstairs work. 621 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS pantsflnlsher wanted. Call at
1000 Clay st.. near Powell. ' • ;
COMPETENT girl for booking ' and general
housework. .2123 Pine st; carfare paid. '¦
SALESLADIES and makers wanted at 1323
Stockton st.. New. York Millinery. ¦ /
WANTED— Good skirt ¦ and waist hands; ap-
prentice. 620 Willow aye., near Laguna st.
. YOUNG girl <to ¦ take care of baby 15 months
old. 14168 Howard st. ¦
GIRL for general ¦ housework in the country;
family of 3; $20. 1410 Larkln St.. 2-4.
GIRL, general housework. 320 Walnut St.; boy
assists. _ . «
'WANTED — Talloress on custom coats. 927
Market st., room 623. ;
WANTED— GirI to wait In ' small restaurant.
1727 Market St.. Junction of Halght.
DRESSMAKING help wanted; also apprentice,
with small pay. 1207H Bush st. .-.---
NEAT young girl for. housework; small family;
$12: German preferred. :• 2431 Pacific aye. .
REFINED young * girl ' for -light second ; work.
• ; Call between 10 ' and 12, 2203 ;" Buchanan ; st. .
GIRL for housework; plain washing;- wages $12
to $15. ; 1920 Sutter st. ; : ->'.-¦¦ -:
WANTED— Vest . finishers,*' buttonhole makers
, asd apprentices. COO Kearny at., room 3.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over fi^e years.
421 Poet St.; telephone Bush 135. ' . ¦; -
FIRST-CLASS Japanese. Chinese employment
office; best help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas. Aramorl. 806% Stockton; tel. John 212 L
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best helr>. 414>4 O'Farrell «t.: tel. East 416.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 853-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s2so; DELICACY store connected with lunch
room: S living rooms; rent $17 80; best loca-
tion O'Farrell et. : must be sold at once; sick-
ness in family. Bee R. O. WILKE, 906 Mar-
ket st. .
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW & So 1 -hand wagons, buggies, carts A har-
neps. work & driving horses. 15th A Valencia.
PARTNER wanted to invest a small amount of
money in Cape Nome property known to be
good. Box 3143. Call.
AT C. R. HANSEN A C 0.'5....104 GEARY ST.
Gang of teamsters and rockmen for the coast
road, Santa Barbara County, $1 75 and $3 a
day; free fare
20 railroad laborers for company work on
ballasting gang; $1 75 a day; free fare
600 railroad men fov Alaska; for rates and
full particulars apply at our office
80 muckers for a mine, $2 10 a day; 6 quartz
miners, $2 60 a day; 60 tlemakers and wood-
choppers; German gardener and do chores for
springs, $20; choreman for ranch, $25
gardener and wife for private place, country,
$40 and found: see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BICYCLE!*— For Sale or Exchange.
FOR sale— Sociable tricycle; in flrtt-class condl-
tlcn. Cox Sl7l. Call.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holme* Bock Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BOOT AM) SHOE BARGAINS.
tOO PAIRS drummers' sample shoes «t manu-
facturer's coet. J. Kohlbecher. 14S Fourth st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
PRIVATE home for children. 1 day to 15 years.
by week ur month; large sunny yard; select
neighborhood ; mother's care; kindergarten;
terms low. 13C>4 Post st.. bet. Geary and Butter.
WANTED— SmaII launch; four to eight ton»:
medium draft; powerful machinery: first-class
condition and cheap; full description: price.
A. G KINGSBURY. Lick House.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, C2OO Fillmore st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A— PARTNER in 28-room house $1100
20 rooms on Turk at 800
8-room new flat; elegant 650
IS rooms on 1 floor: near Call office 500
37 rooms; on Howard st; only $300 cash.. 400
30 rooms; fine sunny corner; on one floor. 900
25 rooms; en Market St.; worth $1200.... 800
10 rooms; on Mason st.: payments 450
65 rooms; on Burh St.; clears $250 2SOO
30 rooms: on Kearny St.; grand bargain.. 2000
36 rooms; on Market st.; payments 1800
60. 40 and 125 rooms: boarding-house.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building. ¦.:-. ra-;
AUTOMATIC sewing machine: oak woodwork;
latest attachments; cheap. 145 Sixth st.
EDUCATIONAL.
FOR sale— Large office safe: also one letter
press. Apply 407 Commercial st.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Callfomla.
8 H P STEAM hoist and boiler in perfect
order; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 518 Mission st.
NEW and 3»cond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market it.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also, wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sates every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.: dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
ICTIH Market st.; examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. SOc. Phone. Mint 257.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausage ma-
chlnery. Mclntosh A Walpman. 195 Fremont.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine,
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planers: lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
FOR sale— Fine double-door cafe at a bargain.
14 Fifth st. '
$300— CIGAR store and saloon; rooms for fam-
ily; must sell; rent cheap. 433 Fourth st.
WANTED— To buy or lease a route on a morn-
ing paper. Address Route, 638 Fourth st.
GROCERY, stock and fixtures: lot 60:3x135; on
Fhattuck ay«.. Berkeley: worth $3600: sacri-
ficed for $2500: fine location. See Geo. Bchmldt,
Berkeley, or Lycn A Hoag, 114 Montg'y, S. F.
FOR sale cheap to responsible party— Grocer?
and bar: established 15 years; full value in
fctock: rays $100 net per month.
HARPER A KREIGER. 312 Examiner bldg.
J6OO— PARTNER retiring, wanted another; lady
preferred: handsome restaurant; good business
and location: or will 6ell or exchange. Box
3104. Call office. x
DOG HOSPITALS
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all drucglsts or at the dog hospital.
610 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated: does hoarded. Tel. West 686.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
a^^gf J&,
OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22 F. AA. m
M-THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING *t-J»
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. Master JL_K
Masons cordially invited. By order of / >
th * *W ALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
THE INTERMENT OF THE RE- *r-
maJr.B of Serceants Robertson and-wj^j,
Craig and Private Branigan. Fourth _<Sk>
United States CaTalry. killed in ac- 7==lii
tion in the Philippines, members of Mars
Lo«se No. 2C2. will take place at the Pre-
eld'.o National Cemetery at 2 p. m., SUN-
DAY Arrll 1. All brothers are invited to
attend. Aleet at Lombard -street gate at
1:20 d. ra. . •
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission
st.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
X— BUYS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
CASH registers, second-hand, of every descrip-
tion bought, sold, exchanged and repaired.
1309 Mission St.. between Ninth and Tenth. .
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records, $2 50. BACIGALLPI.
933 Market st.. San Francisco.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; prates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $J; bridges, $4;
rubber or .flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNir^COXIMANDERY NO 1.
X T. S Post st.— Regular assembly TEST*
THIS FVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Order jFJ
of the Red Cros*. All f raters cour-
teously invited. By order of the t^rn-
manSer. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
MEDICATED BATnS.
DR. CONANT9 Compound Vapor Bath— Puri-
fies the blood: destroys disease -germs; pro-
tects; cures; revitalizes; saves life and I"*" 0 '
bills: outfits for sale: agents wanted: send for
booklet. ANIDROSIS. 47 Post St.. S. TV. CaL
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework.
1412 Folsom St., near Tenth.
DR and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private horn*
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 111S Market
St.: every case guaranteed: $5 UP-
POSITION •by experienced Japanese cook or
waiter. K. X.. 923 Sacramento St. .."-.-¦
WHEELWRIGHT and wagonmaker; city or
country. Address WagonmaKer, 787 Folsom.
SITUATION wanted as gardener and florist in
first-class private place; age 32 years, single;
15 years' experience in open and under glass;
good grower of roses, carnations, chrysanthe-
mums, ferns, palms; good propagator; flrst-
class references; disengaged April. Address,
stating wages, etc., CHAS. A. BUMGEE, Bell
Conservatory Co., Sacramento, Cal. .
GIRLS WANTED
, To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEV!
STRAUSS A CO., 36ft Fremont St.; elevator.
A— DR. T. B. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zinkand — Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, ras or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate: crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-colored plateti, thinner
and 6troncer than rubber, warranted for 20
years; filling!", POc; crowns, $3 60; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth st.
. HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Recruits ' for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy: able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and » years; not less than 5 feet
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height;
' must be citizens cf the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal., or
• 630 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS operators on custom coats and
pants; alio pressmen on coats. BELAbCO
A HARRIS CO.. 541, Market st.
BARBERS; 2-chalr shop with baths In nearby
country town. DECKELMAN BROS.. VA
Ellis st.
3-CHAIR hotel barber shop. United States Ho-
tel. 127 Eddy St.: owner going north.
WANTED— Solicitors; good inducement* to
men who will work. Call mornings between
8 and 9 o'clock, Tuesday and Thursday even-
ing, between 7:30 and 9 o'clock, 300 Post st.
comer Stockton. »
TAILORS— FIrst-class ladles' tailor wanted on
Jackets and waists; must be rapid and pro-
ficient in details. Apply to STEIN. SIMON
A CO. .
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In I weeks;
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season: handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution in the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 830
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco. New York.
St. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
TAILORS, notice— Shop for sale cheap. 1026
Hyde st.. near California.
gh°ol«^g h°o1«^ &*%_js& 7 *r~'' **-*
BARBERS— Good-paying ¦ Bhop on I water front;
a baxmin. DECKELMAN BROS.. 10* EIIU.
BOY or young man with experience in optical
business. -Box 3160. Call office. .
MME, SHAFFER. " clairvoyant, card reader;
Fittings dally. 212>4 Sixth st.
SUNNY. 4- room house: large yard: low rent
to steady tenant. 1705 Mason st. ; cable car
, parses. '' ......
$300— DYEING and cleaning route; horse and
wagon worth the price; $100 monthly. KRE-
IXI A CO . 22H Geary et.
GENUINE bargains tn lodging-houses nnd ho-
tels this week. SCHWEIN'IIARD A CO..
rooms 1 and 2. 917 Market st. .
$175— LODGING house of 11 rooms; Third St.
Address 233 Third st. r :
HOUSES— LODGING— To Let.
A LODGING-HOUSE of 20 rooms: 218 Eddy St.,
near Taylor. Owner 734 Schrader st.
HOUSES TO LET.
NAPOLEONIC scientific, spiritual developing
circle. 222 Edfly St., "Under Venus. Goddess
of Bee-uty."
$350— CIGAR etand $12 dally
SlOtO— Clear stand $is dally
$3000— Cigar ftand $40 daily
KREDO A CO.. 22H Geary St.
$1000— RESTAURANT: fine business; owner re-
tiring; slcknes*. KREDO A CO.. 22H Geary.
MRS. MARY EVANS— Circle to-day at 2 and 8
1CV;; also to-morrow night; readings dally
142 Sixth st.
BAIiOAIN for buying or celling saloons or anj
¦ .business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. .523^ California St.. room L
J6OO— SALOON on Turk St.; fine fixtures; good
trade. Liquor Dealers' Journal, &S9V» Call-
Toru'.a Bt.
FIRST-CLASS ealoon; big trade; cheap if sold
at once; only responsible party will receive
Information. Liquor Dealers' Journal, &39H
EMPLOYMENT ¦ wanted by widow of middle
age In family where an elderly person or In-
valid ne«ds care, or any position of trust; ref-
erence given. Box 8169, Call office.
$1400 CORNER grocery stcre and bar. with 3
living rooms, kitchen and cellar; rent $45;
place established for 30 years; next to the
leading brewery of this city; a mint. Call
R. G. WILKE. 9C* Market St., room 8.
A— sBso; COFFEE ealoon and restaurant; 1 block
rrcrr. corner Powell and Market its. : rent $40;
i daily receipts $40; > living rooms. See 11. O.
TVILKC. 906 Market «t.
A— *450; EALOON. with S living rooms ; rent
$27 &0; Valencia rt. ; good business; bargain.
R. G. WILKE. «* Market «t.
TRANSFER saloon: cheap if sold this week.
Liquor Dealers' Journal. 639 Vi California eL
$IEOO— RESTAURANT ar.d bar: best location; no
night work: cheap rent; long lease; dally re-
ceipts *C5-$7O; stands investigation. Liquor
Dealers* Journal. 535V4 California st.
POSITION wanted as housekeeper In rooming
house or small family by a middle-aged Swed-
ish widow with a girl of 10; speaks German
and English; country preferred. 147 Fourth
Et., rear.
A— s6oo— SALOON and !jr.^h house; established
many years and doing a rood paying busl-
xicfea; rent $40; best location; close to Sutter
Ft.; Investigate at once; a rare chance. Call
A— s3so; CIGAR store; dearinr $4 dally: splen-
did location; Market and East its.; rent $12.
Call n. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
COMPLETE bedroom and dining-room set in
antique oak; also folding bed In cherry and
other household furnishings. 15 Dame St., off
Thirtieth, near Church. ;
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
PRICE A ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black 4074.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 11X5 Market St.; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry A Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.. 767 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
WANTED — 9 quartz miners, $3 60 and $3 a day;
12 fairly good miners, $2 a day: machine man,
SOc an hour; 2 blacksmiths, $35 and $45 and
board; French man about place, care for
horses, cows etc., $25; American milk wagon
driver, $40; farmers, milkers, gardeners, etc.;
2 laundrymen, country. $40 and found; 2 stable-
men, $35; carriage painter, country, $2 50 a
day: sawyer, steam feed. $4 a day; laborers,
woodsmen, tlemakers, etc.; poultry farmer
and wife, $45. J. F. CROSETT. 628 Sacra-
mento Bt.
WANTED— Cooks for country, $30, $35; second
cook. city. $30; -third cook. $45; waiter. $45:
lunch waiter. $20; bPdmakers; dishwashers and
other restaurant help. J. F. CROSETT
Agency, 628 Sacramento Bt.
ROOM 202. 957 MARKET ST.—
Boy for grocery; store closes 6:30 p. m.; good
Elace to learn business; $3 60-$4 per week:
oy for stationery store who Is acquainted
with streets in the Western Addition.
WANTED— Stableman for company's private
stable. In city, $30 per month and found. W.
D.- EWER A CO., 610 Clay St.
A— SCOOO— CORNER grocery and bar, with four
living rooms: rent $50; 3 years' lease; the bent
c.rii'-r on Mission st.; place doing a gool
paying cash business; full \alue in eight.
Call K. G. WILKE, SO6 Market et.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth st.: tel. South 250.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, oft O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail
languages. Miss M. O. Barrett. 302 Montgy
THE Eureka 1900 Gold Separator— The only me-
chanical miner's pan motion yet discovered:
also the "Centrifugal." the only successful
washer used at Cape Nome laet season; opera-
tion dally. 2* Btale st.
CAPE NOME.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAP. 1710 Market »t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CLASSES in German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. 609 Taylor St., bet. Post and Sutter.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission; violin, guitar.
WANTED— OId fast-flylne pigeons; no squabs.
For terms and shipping directions apply to
Fan Francisco Trap Shooting Association. 23«
Market st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento st.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
FRENCH.Spanlsh.etc.Prof.De Fllirpe's Academy
of lanrnsge«,32o Post;estal>'d 1871: ablest profs.
FRUIT and vegetable store for sale: on ac-
count of leaving city. Apply Call office.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Eprecke'.s bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket *t. : consultation free: no fees in advance.
BATH CABINETS — THERMAL.
ROBINSON $S 4-rane! folding: se« it before
buv'.rg. W. S. BROWN. Cosjt Agt.. 426 Ellis.
200 HORSES from Canty*s ranch at the Sun-
set Horse Market. 185 Valencia Bt.
F. H. MERZBACH, attorney at law. has re-
sumed practice at SCS Cal. st.. Clunle bldr.
CORNER clear store. 97 Third St., NE. corner
Mission et.
I<O_NICE business mare: will rld» or drive;
road bugey. $30. 19 City Hall aye.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINNESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W,
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 60S G. O. ay.
FOR SALE— Fine 6aloon one block from Mar-
ket «t.; well stocked: owner sick; going
south. Address box 3121, Call office.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and J625 Market Bt., bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also Borne fine matched black teams.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atfy at law. S5O Market, cor. Etocktn.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
ehoelng business; 15 years present location:
cheap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
ELEGANT sunny flat: * rooms, bath. 645 Wil-
low aye., near Laguna st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet St.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, ' English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new 80-page catalogue free.
COMPANY promotion is our specialty; we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.&1.C0., 220 California St., r. 8-7.
CLEAN, sunny flat, 4 rooms. Corner Oak and
• Laguna. - .
DAIRY and delicacy store, clearing $3 per day;
bargain; must sell; departure. J.. box 8194,
Call.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All klnd3 pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor &Moffat.
FOR rent— slo per month; coal yard; new build-
ings; flrst-class location; 8 etalls: large lot.
RIVERS BROS., 227 Montgomery et.
FLATS TO LET.
$16— LOWER flat, 6 rooms, with porcelain bath.
542 Castro bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
$18— Upper flat, 6 . rooms, with porcelain
bath. 641 Castro St., bet. 18th and 19th.
$16 — Sunny flat of 6 rooms on Twentieth St.,
near Castro. F. NELSON, 709 Castro St.
AGENTS WANTED.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has be«n opened
at 1223 Polk s*.: cpen until 9 p. m.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard.
LJNDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements. and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2CCO Flllmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A FINE suit $10; dress pants $2 73. Misfit
Clothing Parlors. 437 Montgomery st.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewlne machine: good con-
dition: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St..
near Fifteenth.
HALF Interest in meat market for sale. 124
Fourth Bt.
ANOTHER Smith premier txpewrlter: 1
make: fine order: bargain. L. A M. ALEX-
ANDER. 110 Montgomery st.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.; open until 9 p. m.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Bt.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
ext.. crowns, brldgework; open Sund. till 12.
YOUNG married man of exceptional ability and
rood habits desires a position of trust; best
references. Box SIS*. Call office.
FRENCH cook wants situation in hotel or pri-
vate family. 173 Minna Bt.
HELP 'WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY A READY... PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want to-day. 7 a. m
FOR A SYNDICATE AND BANK
YOU'LL SUIT
12 men to dig small trenches bo water can
run down between vines, trees, etc; help
generally; what you don't know the general
manager will teach you; $20 per month and
found; fare $1 40
LOOK HERE"!
15 men to pull rhubarb and hoe in an or-
chard (no experience required); fare SOc;
$17 60 and found /
MECHANICAL HELP. ETC
Foreman for a gold mine, $52; 6 cooperß, $3
day; 4 blacksmiths, shops, ranches, etc.. $45
and found, $2 50 day; carriage trimmer, $3
day: band sawyer. $4 day; tail edger, hand,
$2 75 day; blacksmith helper for a gold mine,
$60, who can shoe
planer man for saw mill, $50 and found; 16
other Jobs •••
.TO THE MINES. .SPECIAL R. R. RATES.
19 laborers (no experience required); you'll
suit; wages $48 per month and found; steady
Job; 12 miners, different gold mines, $75 and
$8 day; 15 muckers: come at once; $63 and fd.
STABLES. DAIRIES. FARMS, ETC
69 farm, orchard, vineyard hands for differ-
ent places, $35. $30, $26. $25. $20 and found:
18 milkers $30, $25 and fd; good places;
man jto milk 22 cows and make Jlttle butter.
$30 and found; 12 chore boys and men. $25. $20.
$15. $10 and found
M. A R. SPECIAL LIST
young man to drive bakery wagon, $20 and
found ; 15 boys for trades, stores, bakeries,
factories, wagons, hotels, paper offices, etc. :
6 coal miners; 6 men to buck coal, $75 and
$60
.... WOODCHOPEERS, TIEMAKERS
864 men for above work, $3, $2 50, $2, $1 75,
$1 60, $1, 750 cord 13c, 12c, lie each, tools
and food advanced; some fares paid and at
mines
TEAMSTERS, ETC
27 scrapers, 4-horse teams, large ranch $26
and found; 5 teamsters, special ranches, $32 50,
$26 and found, fare $1: other places
.....IN AND NEAR BAN FRANCISCO
6 two-horse teamsters $26 and found
16 laborers, fare 35c $27 60 and found
25 laborers, good Jobs, $1 75 day, $30 and
found: 3 laborers, San Mateo. $26 and found;
6 drillers. $60; 4 milk wagon drivers, $35, $30.
$25, $15 and found
2 BUTCHERS 4 TAILORS
..HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS..
29 cooks, $50. $45, *40, $35. $30. $25; 25 waiters
and dishwashers, $30. $25. $20. $15 and found;
7 laundrymen..., $35. $30, $26 and found
several second and third cooks; porters;, 6
ranch cooks and 269 Jobs not advertised...!.,
gardeners; coachmen; come,' see. ...s2s and fd
4 camp waiters, dishwashers, etc.. $25
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A SPECIAL /
Machine man for planing mills, $3 30 day,
country; 'machinist, $65 and found, for coun-
try; engineer for ranch; 10 laborers for saw
mill company, $30 and found. MURRAY A
READY. 634-63S Clay St.
JAPANESE, good honest man. desires a situa-
tion at saloon work or dishwasher or house-
work. MORITA. 726 Geary st.
SKIRT band wanted at 630 Turk Bt
WANTED— A situation as . porter in wholesale
house or Btore; have had experience as ship-
per; am fully conversant with accounts; flrst-
clnss references. Address W. M., Call office.
EXPERIENCED finishers on ladles' cloaks and
suits. Apply L. HORVITZ* 751 Market st.
APPRENTICES for tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market st.
WANTED— FIrst-class cook at once. 811 Taylor
street. v .
RELIABLE Hollander wishes position as as-
sistant gardener; understands care of horses,
lawn etc; can milk; • best references. AN-
THONY, 1318 Seventh aye.. East Oakland.
HOUSE painter, paperhanger, whltener and
decorator wants work; has complete outfit
tools. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st. ; phone
Jackson 1321.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and operators on cus-
tom p>nts. BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541
Market Et.
MRS DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
in confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice $3- any ailment: consultation free. 943
Post St.. between Hyde and Larkln.
MRS DR ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' special-
ist : guaranteed treatment at office. $5; safe
and reliable: consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 12M Market: ladies'
physician: chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods r cure guaranteed; treatment. $3.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment $3.
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
CCPINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market ar.d Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m,
«CT McA'.llcter street; open until 9:30 p. m.
OS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1541 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
E6l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. ra.
ice Eleventh street: open until » p. m.
10PC Valencia street; or*n until 9 p. m.
1223 Po:k street; open until 9 p. tn.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
$150 — PARTNER wanted: will pay to each over
$60 r*r month. McLAUGHLIN A CO., 777 i«
Market et.
$500— WOOD and coal, hay and grain business;
bargain. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market.
YOUNG man who understands horses can buy
half interoet In good business for $500. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market st.
$250— RESTAURANT and lodging-house near
the city. McLAUGHLIN A CO.. 777 V» Market.
1850— BUTTER and egg route: pood horse and
wagon. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7774 Market.
$450— CORNER saloon; bargain this day. Mo-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
$500— PARTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
ness; staple goods: large profits. For par-
ticulars ree McLAUGHLIN & CO.. <77H
Market et.
J7-TO-RESTAURANT; fine location; jtranslent
trade; near carhouees. McLaughlln. 4i7H Mkt.
HORSESHOEING j and general blacksmlthlng
shop: best stand this side bay; doing a. good
trade; will sell very cheap. Box 2i34. Call
office, Oakland.
GROCERY and bar. corner Geary and Leaven-
worth; rent $40; lease S year and 9 months; no
agents. _____—————
RESTAURANT— Must be sold: opposite car-
house; 3 living rooms; party going to Cape
Nome. Apply at 613H Natoma st.
$100— PARTNER; good salary: room and board:
money used In business. 632 Market, rm. 16.
DENTISTS.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED— MALE.
RELIABLE man wants situation as chef in a
hotel or reetaurant; llrst-class city references.
Address PETERSON, 615 Larkin st.
MEDICAL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX., FRIDAY, MARCH 30, 1900.
HELP XV ANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Respectable American woman (un-
; lncumbered). accustomed to country life, for
small chicken ranch; wages $10. Address box
3167. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and operators on cus-
tom pants. 641 Market st.
FRENCH waiter, 21, 2 years' experience, wants
position; city or country; hotel preferred.
Address box 3148, Call.
NIGHT school reopens April 2; speed class $3
per mo. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
SITUATION wanted by strong handy man In
Etore o: at anything. 11. G. HAIT. U. B.
Hotel, lrf Eddy st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
sliver. 80c; painless extraction. 60c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 9C9 Mission, cor. 6th.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open till 9 p. m.
PARTNER wanted in growing manufacturing
business; about $400 required. Box 3149. Call.
WANTED— By good wheelwright, Bteady Job.
city or country; strictly sober. Address box
3162. Call office.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 73c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 6 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy at
FOR sale— Clear and laundry store. 1056 Fol-
Bom st.: call early.
EASTERN Dental Parlor, 119 Third St.; crown-
bridge work; ext. painless; full set teeth $7.
WANTED— An experienced furniture salesman
for Sacramento. Anply 623 Market St.. room
7. between 1 and 3 p. m. '
20 NINTH St.. near Market— l 9 rooms, bath,
store room; $600; going country- -¦¦¦•¦- ' ¦• :
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
WANTED— Party with $1000 in an established
business. F. 6.. Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
years' practice; Examiner bids-
A BAKERY for sale cheap; 26 years establish-
ed; baking 8 barrels a day: all store trade;
on one of the leading streets of the city: pro-
prietor going to Europe. Box SIOS. Call.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: TOO rooms, 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. .217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
EXCHANGE.
WILL exchange very desirable lots In Seattle,
Tacoma or Blalne, Wash., for country home
near San Francisco. A. D., box 3113. Call.
gT. ANDREWS SOCIETY.— OPEN ~Z N.
meeting MONDAY EVENING, 5S Qffl
Apri! £ *t Scottish Hall, 117 Lar-
kin rt. Members and friends in- *^—s~-
vitefl. WILLIAM BAX.NAVES, President.
A. R. PATTKRSON. Secretary.
TTie annual meeting of lot owners in Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery for the election of trus-
tees and ether business will be held at the
office of GunrJson. Booth A Bartnett. 328
Montgomery St.. on TUESDAY. April 3. 1900,
at It o'clock ro. CHAS. H. CROWELL. Seo.
Engrossing -±
Hesoluticns and drplemss a specialty. J. W.
Orirsth. Heald's Bolners College. 24 Poit st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
THD "ESQUIMAU." the greatest discovery of
the "AGE"; every man. woman, child needs
Jt: even' manufacturer needs it for belts; '
make* leather absolutely snow and water \
proof ; will not harden, crack or discolor j
leather: send SS<: for a sample can. Addreea |
HENRY MILLER A CO.. 2023 Mission B t. ;
LADlES— Acents; something new. 6C2 G«axy
»t.. Pnn Frmnctsco.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
rist and palmist in the world; satisfaction
guaranteed 427 Golgen Gate aye.
60 HORSES: 6 hours from Oakland; also 150
stock horses Modoo County. J. T. JONES.
965 Fourth aye.. Oakland.
ELLIS, 741B— Lower modern flat: 7 rooms and
bath; only $20.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and bury-
lar proof safe. 216 California st.
FLAT. 3 large sunny rooms and basement, $10.
123 San Jose aye., near Twenty- third Bt.
10 000 FEET new rubber belting, half prtea.
ROBT. BRAND A CO.. 527 Third St.. Oakland.
HOWARD, 1133 — 4 nice sunny rooms; large cel-
lar; cheap rent.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
FOR rale, cheap— Paying restaurant in best
location in city. Inquire 117 Battery tt.
AYRES', leading business college, 723 Market;
individual instruction; bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing; life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
LIBERTY St.. 221, between Church and Dolores
— Flat of 6 large rooms and bath; gas, sta-
tionary tubs; rent $16. .
EALOON for sale cheap. SW. corner Langton
and Harrison sts.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Swlt2er*s
Hone Market. Twelfth and Market sts.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-418 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 flre and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main gt.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all siaes. TUB
WALTZ SAFE. 100-1U Market st.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISSION, 1513H, near Eleventh— Upper flat; •
large sunny rooms; bath and laundry; $22.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; rent
$1! 60.
RINGOLD. 29, between Eighth and Ninth— Flat
of 3 large rooms; rent $S.
RUSS. 1024, bet. Sixth and Seventh, oft Howard
— 6 rooms and bath; downtown; convenient;
$18. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
ESPINA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
TWO sunny modern flats, 5 rooms and bath
eech; rent $20 and $26. 971 Golden Gate aye.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.;" $5 mo. 1024 Mltslnn. nr. 6th.
2 LARGE rooms, with basement, if desired,
and sunny yard; cheap. 11 Harlan place, oft
Grant aye., near Sutter Bt.
$15— LOVELY flat of 4 nice rooms and bath;
nice view. 282 Third aye.. corner Clement:
take Sutro cars.
$14— WORTH $18; fiat of 6 rooms and bath. 1417
Pacific aye., near Hyde.
$B—3 ROOMS in good order; upper part. SOS
First St., above Folsom.
$16—6 ROOMS and bath; lower part. 1! Ouy
place, off First St., Juat above Folsom.
$6- LOWER flat and yard. N 726 ft Harrison St..
between Third and Fourth.
2 HANDSOME flats of 7 rooms and bath; cor-
ner. 800 Scott St.; sun all day. •
2 SUNNY rear flats of 4 rooms. $8 each. 27
Pearl st.. off Market, near Valencia.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms:
thorough Instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
MODEL HOME FOR SALE.
8 LARGE sunny rooms, bath, taundry. base-
ment, large attic, furnace, conservatory: lot
80x117 feet to alley; unobstructed view of city
and bay: beautiful flowers, lawns, fruit trees.
chicken house, etc.: $2500 cash, balance easy
payments. 15 Vlcksburg St.: take Twenty-
Becond-st. electric cars to 24th and Vicksbury.
S-ROOM flat, new house, north of Market,
rent $40 $ 400
14 rooms, corner, rent $40 4io
10 rooms, north of Market, rent $33 400
15 rooms, housekeeping, rent $43 425
22 rooms, good location, rent $100 1250
26 rooms, corner, central, rent $115 1100
29 rooms, money maker, rent $90 1200
86 rooms.. 1 floor, . all sunny, new 850
60 rooms, flist-clasa and fine 2800
65 rooms, fine business proposition 2600
52 rooms, central, fine view 3800
100 rooms. 10-cent beds, rent $50 1500
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
ELDERLY German lady^Vpeaklng French and
German fluently, clever with sewing desires
situation In a good house; good references;
is able to undertake cooking for 2 adults.
Apply at 429>4 Bryant Et.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
413 Btevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARI'ETR cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth et.f tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-ben ting works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
Enß-Ilsh. wishes a position to take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union st.
COMPETENT dressmaker; good cutter and fit-
ter; quick worker: dresses remodeled. Ad-
dress 4441 Twentieth St., near Eureka.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; * per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. O. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. ChronlcU bMg.
ANY amount at 8 per cent: Ist. 2d and M mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get ray terms before doing business else-
where. R, McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. i.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third »t.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortsages. and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest ratis. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and,
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bids.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny St., room 9. respectable private*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 333.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Room*
68 and 69. Donohue building. 1170 Market st.
On real estate. Ist or Id mortgages, and en
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER A CO.. 28 Montgomery.
ON chattel mortgages, estates, rents, real es-
tate, etc. A. M. SPECK ft CO.. 667 Market.
WANTED— By Navla Scotia Protestant woman,
cooking and housework in American family.
Call at S3 Ninth st.
A— KREDO & CO 22*4 GEARY ST.
Money to Loan at Low Rates
9-room flat: newly furnished; central... $400
9 rooms; Howard St.; a snap 200
10 rooms; nicely furnished; cheap 500
10 rooms: new and good; profitable 1000
1« rooms; new and good: profitable 900
' 25 rooms: modern corner; offices 2700
10 rooms; fine corner; central; 0n1y...... 400
37 rooms: best In city: clears $175 13uQ
106 rooms; modern; with el»vators 6500
NICE 12-room house, Ellis, near Jones, $450; 18
rooms, nice furniture. Geary st.. $600. C. D.
DAVIS, room 69. 916 Market st.
65 ROOMS: first floor offices; new furniture;
clears $400 per month; rent $350; elevator;
sunny corner; $C 500; nice respectable house (no
transient). C. D. DAVIS, rm. 69. 916 Market.
MONEY to loan. IM to 2H per cent for private
f parties; will figure your loans cheaper than
: any one. C. D. DAVIS, room 69, 916 Market.
FOR eale— First-class boarding-house; 40
rooms; nicely furnished; well located; doing
ravine business; Income from $SOO to $1000 a
month. FRANK W. ELY. "640 Market Bt.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging-house see
BASILE, 3 Eddy St.; new cash buyer daily.
ELEGANTLY furnished house. 9 rooms; bath:
. laundry, nice yard: permanent roomers:
profitable Investment: 4 blocks from Market;
new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
NEWLY furnished 15-room boarding house;
cheap rent; will exchange for smaller house.
742 O'Farrell Bt.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper or to
take care of invalid; city or country. Apply
at 24 Freelon st. : *
28 ROOMS: bath: furniture good; owner leav-
ing city: cheap If sold before April 1; half the
rooms for housekeeping. 420 Sixth st.
I/, SPIRITUALISSI.
attention! .... rrrrr7.""rr. .... removed \
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affection. The wonderful cures which
Ehe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If yon cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always successful and satisfactory,' and all
correspondence Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B. — Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
cet off at Clinton Station. 2d station from
Broadway.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
MEN WANTED— If you want to come to Los
Angeles state age, occupation and wages ex-
pected; send stamp for reply; we pay trans-
portation. Ohio OH and Development Co.,
119 South Broadway, Los Angeles, Cat.
WANTED — Competent clerk In wholesale liquor
house; must be sober and Industrious; liberal
nalary paid -to right man. Box 3173, Call.
WANTED — Competent man to run and take
care of an electric elevator; wages $20 per
month and found. Address box 3170, Call.
CASHIER or saleslady — Situation wanted Iby
a young lady with some experience; state par-
tlculars and appoint Interview. Box 8168. Call.
REFINED, experienced young nurse wishes to
care for children over 2 years; references; $20.
Call or address C 32 Elizabeth St.; Castro cans.
GERMAN girl wants a position to do house-
work and plain cooking In American family.
602 Bush St.; no postals.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 433 Pine st.
WANTED— 2 good barbers for Saturday. 787
Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 83 Third
street.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
237 Sixth st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; $4
guarantee. 108 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday; wages
$6. 528 Broadway.
BARBER for Saturday at 606 Fourteenth Bt.,
corner Washington, Oakland.
WANTED-A steady barber at U Sixth st.
MONEY WANTED.
- - ' . . «
WANTED— To sell $1000 3-year fully paid Ufa
insurance policy. For full Information ad-
dress MISS MANIFOLD. 75S Howard st.
MUSICAL. • INSTRUMENTS.
BROADWAY. 1908—6 rooms, bath, laundry; fine
marine view; rent $20.
BARBER wanted at 217 Fourth Bt.
COAT; vest and pants makers; call early. 635
Kearny st. •¦• • ¦ '
BUKHELMAN and presser; Bteady Job. Golden
West Clothing Renovatory, 12 Montgomery st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply. REISS
BROS. A CO.. 24 Sutter Bt. ,
WANTED— A shoemaker at 614 Second St.. with,
tools. . , • ..-.-.
MAN to work on ranch. Apply Girls' Direct-
ory, Central aye. and Waller Bt.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 1416 Howard Bt.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
TEN rooms. ba*h. gas and water; also one cot-
tage, connected, J rooms; good location. For
particulars address or apply to MRS. OBITZ,
Petaluma aye.. San Rafael. Cal.
FURNISHED flat. 6 rooms; $25. 414 Capp st.
GET your shoes hatf-aoled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 6C2 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
YOUNG man for general stable work. Call at
stable; 615 Ellis St., 9 a. m., Friday.
WAITER. 207 Turk st. .
2 WAITERS wanted. New Washington Hotel.
' 354 Fourth St.. near Harrison.
. LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A bunch of keys; receive reward ~2JOI
¦ Bush st. .
LOST— Five ($5) dollars reward— Collie dog pud
Return to Collins' hat store. 1018 Market st.
LOST— Spaniel, liver colored; license 48. Re-
turn to IS3O Eddy St.. and receive reward.
BOOTBLACK; wages $8 per week. 1007 Valen-
cia st.
COMPETENT woman wants charge of Infant
or children; city or country; best of refer-
ences. Apply afternoons, 1259 O'Farrell Bt.
A YOUNG girl wishes a place to do reneral
housework; wages $18 to $20. Ple.ase call 2418
Geary st. ; no postals. ,
TWO Swedish girls wish positions In one house
as cook and second girl. 1C32 Lombard st.,
near Octavla.
WANTED— LadIes addresses that, writer may
call and prove the genuineness of bust de-
veloper; If not as represented money refund-
ed; the same for hair and scalp treatment.
Box 3103, Call office. ,
GIRL wishes work of any kind by the day.
1331 Fulton st. , .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Thlrd*«t.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call, branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office fftr the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ;
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALeT"
YOUNG man as coachman and gardener; thor-
oughly understands his business, is strictly
honest and has first-class references. T.
KAVANAGH. 607 Hyde at.
CANDYMAKER: first-class man on . all - fine
. candy. Ice cream. Al references, ' wishes
steady position; city or. country. Box 3166,
Call office. :.;¦ ¦ ¦¦.:. .
SITUATION by a flrst-class cutter, fitter and
designer on : ladles' <• tallorljng; late of Hew
York. Address box Siss, Call office. \ ¦ ,
BEDMAKER wanted. Park Hotel. 26 Turk Bt.
VARNISHER and finisher: strictly -first class
only. BENNETT & BCHUTTE. 134 Valencia.
WANTED— A waiter at 19 Powell Bt. -./
SALESMAN for hardware in San Francisco
and ! surrounding towns; permanent i position
to energetic party: ; experience, not necessary.
Addre&s with stamp The Ohio Automobile and
Wrench Co.. 16 Wick block. Cleveland. Ohio.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers and coat pressers.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.:
WANTED— First-class woodworker for heavy
work. 128 Spear st. .*.-•* i.
10MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sauaallto Ferry.
Week Daya 3:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m,
Sundays — 8:00.. 19:00 a. m. and l:«> p. m.
Steam-heated, closed car on all train*.
Fare — Ban Francisco to Summit aad Retora,
n 40. ¦- ¦•<¦¦ •
LATE SHIPPING UJTET.TiTCHarCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, March 19.
Btmr Navarro. Jenaen. 4« hours* from San
Pedro. ¦¦-'.¦'. - : ' ¦
Sloop Impoeslblo. Low, ( hoar* from Point
Reyea.
SAILED.
\; Thursday, March 29.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Anderson.' IJhue.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived March SO— SUar Ger-
manic, from Liverpool. ." . :
Sailed - March. 23— Stmr :La Touralae.- for
Havre: stmr Darmstadt, for Bremen. •
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed March 23— Stmr Rhyn-
land, for Philadelphia. . -
ROTTERDAM— Arrived March 2S— 6tmr Stat-
endam. from New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed * March : Zt — Stmr
Riu-aland. Irom Liverpool, tor Philadelphia.
TOR SALE.
Oc« of the very 2ae*t pieces of paying bn?l-
tess prcperty la the city of Fan Jose, Cal..
for the r« r P os e of closing estate cf Francis
Etock. deceased: THt feet front on First st..
r^twr. J=«tta Clara and El Dorado sts.. with
an "L" ct t* feet fronta«^ on El Dorado *t. :
all covered with buslsess buildings paying $430
per month rental-
Apply to P. F. LEXB. attorner tor eacscutors,
Fi-i. J-.se, Cal.
O'FARRELL. 60S— Elegant rooms; sun all day;
with private bath; also single rooms with
tx-ard; beautiful eto'j:i<2s; references reas.
IF you have iota 1= Richmond district, north of
the Park, that m wish to sell e.uick!y then
call en W. J. QUSm, ISO California st.
KSb-J—l rCNNT 2ata; Brotferick st.. near Clay;
6 aad * rooms asd bath each; key lot; rests
I". . curt b* sold; for a few days enly. Box
lies. Call efCoa.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
' All Fools' day falls on the
coming Sunday. Look out for
the story concerning the ori-
gin of the name and custom
which will be printed in- The
Sunday CalL It may throw
some light upon jokes that
have occurred to you upon
that eventful day.
batxbo'ad tbavel.
OLIFOim NORTHVESTEWT £L C*
T ,TTTC^<— I H I HI
SM FRAKCISCO AND NORTH PAClftt
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlkuron firry. Fo«t »t McrX«t 9L
SAX rRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAZZb
WEJUK. DATS— 7:39, »:00. 11:00 a. ra.; U:3K
I:M, Srl3. 1:39 p. ex Thursdays— Extra trla
at 11:30 n. m, Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:»*
aad n:3O p. m, * . ¦ ¦
StTNDATS— S.-00. i.*K 11:0* a. m.t 1:30. IM,
1:00. i.n p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3OO.
WEEK DAYS— 4:IO. T:S9. >:?K 11:19 a. 0.1 U:4L
1:40. 1:13 o- m. Saturdays— Extra trip* al
1:55 and «:3S p. ra.
BTNDATS— S:IX 3:«. H:IJ a. el; 1:49. 1:49. I:T«.
1:25 p. m- - .
Between Saa Francisco aad Schaetzea Part
sum schednl* as abov«.
Leave Arrive
Eaa Fracclsco. In ESect Baa Francisco
JJ — — — October IS, 1 -
Week Bun- U39. Sua- I Week
Days. days. Destination. daya. | Days.
7:10 am 1:00 ara Novata. 1»:49 ami 1:49 ara
1:39 pm >:Soam Petaluma. 1:05 pm'l9:2S ia
6:10 ;».-a S:0O pm Santa Rosa. 7:li pn| l:tl pm
Fulton,
1M am Wladscr. r»:15 asjj
Healdsburc
Lrtton.
C*ysenrille,
1:19 pm l:Mtm doverdala. J:X pm 1:23 pm
7:39 am! IHoplaad aad I j
{ 1:09 am| Uklah. | IJS pta{ ttt ym
T:3O am t>:23 an)
t.-09am Ouerseville. TUS pm
1:13 cm (:23 pis
t:S9 am! 8:00 aa Sonoma »:1S am 1:49 aaa
and
i:» peal S:V> pm Glea Ellea. IrOC po «:23 pta
7:39 ami 1:00 am] SebastepoL 119:49 am! 10:23 aia
1:30 pmj 1:00 pm I | 7Ji pm) «:O pa
Stages conaect at Santa Rosa for Mark 'West
Springs and White Sulphur Sprlnrs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserrtlle for Skagg*
Bprlnrs; at Cloverdals for the Geysers; at Hol-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Spxiam,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Spriaga. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Cklah for VJchy
Eprlnrs. Saratoga Springs. Bloc Ldkea, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Pomaw
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. LJer!ey*«.
Bncknell's, SanaedHa Heights. HullvlUe. Orr*«
Hot Springs. Mendoclao Cty. Fort Braes;.
Westpert. Csal. WUlltts. Laytonvilln. Cura-
mlsg's. Bell's Springs. Karris. Olsea's. Dyer.
Scatla aad Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday rrur.d-trlo tickets ta a!I pMntt
beyond Eaa Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices^ 659 Market st; Chronlele Ndf.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Maaager. Oca. Pass. Ageat.
DIVIDEND JiOTICES.
ELECTRIC lights la every rocm: Wlachester
Hcfel, 44 Third St., near Market: 1M rooms;
2ic to -$1 E0 per sight: tl 60 to $6 per week:
free "bus and bagr&ce to aca from the ferry.
AT LEDEP.ERS. the fashionable hairdresser's,
you get the very newest hair fievices for only
lie: fee tii* £r.« street wigs he makes a speci-
alty cf. 123 Stocktoa «-
G. D. HORSE, photographer. SCS6 Paclfle aye..
between Plerc* aad Scott: phone Sieiner BSSL
PALMISTRI'.
PACIFIC. £:« and !»— Two haadsome large
Ftares; v»r> cheao.
SUTTER. IMS-Nice, sunny comer suite; occu-
pied by a doctor last 10 years; modern lm-
frcverr.erit*.
OFFICES A>£> STORES TO LET.
i^R~renr-E>iniiit offlcee' In T. SL cT~T.
buiidlr.?. Kun and Ellis sis.
IAROAIN^Ooc^I upnpht: cheap. ECHMITZ.
If- McAllister &t.. r.*xt Hlbernla Bank.
WASHINGTON, €20— Housekeeping rooms;
, newly papered; SS per month.
Elaborate Plans of the Man
ager of Pugilist James
< J. Corbett.
Backers of the Scheme Have Already
Advanced $80,000 for Pre
liminary Arrangements
of the Project.
Bpecial Dispatch to Tas> . Call.
NEW YORK. March 23.— Gamblers ax«
interested In the project of John F. Con-
Bldine, Corbett's manager, to erect at
Cape Nome a new Monte Carlo, including
a theater,- dance hall, music hall, cafe and
huge gambling establishment. It is ex
pected to be ready early in June.
Gambling, of course, will be the- chief
feature of the place and every, kind of
game, will be found there. The layout
has been purchased, and it is of the most
expensive and elaborate kind. Those who
are interested in the scheme have ad
vanced, it is said, nearly JSO.OOO to carry
out the preliminary arrangements prop
erly, and these Included the chartering
for the summer months of the ateamboat
Grand Rapids, which will sail for Seattle
early in, April, carrying material for the
barnlike structures which have been built
in Seattle and will be carried in sections
to Cape Xome and there efected.
mcflvov * co..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
¦ 1233 Market st., between Sth and 9th. -
Telephone South 247.
The Weekly CaH
61 per Year.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR FIELD RANGES— Depot
Quartermaster's Offltre, i* New Montgomery
Ft.. San Francisco. Cal.. March 23, UOO—
6«aled proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m..
April 12, ISOO, Pacific Standard time, for fur-
nishing 200 large field ranges, with privilege
of increase of M per centum, samples to be
submitted .by bidders. Preference will be
riven to articles of domestic production and
manufacture, conditions of price and quality
being equal (Including In the price of foreign
production and manufacture the duty there-
on), aad rucb preference will be given to ar-
• tides of American production and manufac-
ture produced on the Pacific Coast to the ex-
tent of tbe consumrtton required by the pub-
lic service there. Th» Cnl:ed States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
poealf cr any part thereof. Information and
¦ blatk* for proposals -will be furnished on
appllcs-Hon. Envelopes containing - proposal *
will be Indorsed "Proposals for Field
Ranpes."' and addressed to Captain OSCAR
F. LO>?O, ' Awlftant - Quartermaster, U. S.
¦ Army, Depot Quartennuler.
TO LEASE.
BEKLNS Van and Storage Co.. U4O Market St.:
tel. South US: packing, moving and storage.
PACIFIC Storare and Furniture Movlnc Com-
pany. 2X24 Fillmore St.; 'phone Jackson 2SI.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and -Movlnc Co.
Office. 401 Poet St., cor. Powell; tel. Main (711.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Perry.
Commencing October 1. ISSf.
TROX BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL TAJbbUBI
AND SAN RAFAEU '
WEEK DATS— "T*O, •»:». U.-09 a. ra.t IM,
•J.-40. S:l5. C.-CO. 1:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill VaU«y and Saa Ua-
fael. on Mondays. Wednesdays aad Eaturdays,
at 8:00 and 11: SO D. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:00, 10:00. «ll:3t a. m-j nai,
•:U. •*:«. •:». S:CO ». m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Queatln.
FROM 9A>J BAFAEX, TO*BAN KRANCTBOCX
WEEK DAYS-S:U. •«:». T:«3..«»:44 a. m.j
•11J0 US. *l:40, *5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mas-lays. Wednaadagrs) aad
Saturdays at «:4« and 10:15 p.- m. -
BUNDAYE-«:aO. *8:00. 10:08. «U :««.*.!
•1:40. *3:IS. 4:«. "S:*© p. m. -
Trains marked <•) start from Saa Q-oer.tla.
FROM MILi VALLET TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT&-8:«. 1:48. 7:ES. **i a. m.|
U:SS, 2:iS, •:«• S:M p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
¦svturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 s. m.
eUNDAT6-*:O6. 10:05 a. m.; U^B, 108, VJO,
%M. «4S p. IpjOVQH TRxjy 3.
I rf» a. m. week ia-a— Cars. leriT.l way stations.
1:40 p. a. Eaturdays— Tomales aad way stations.
I -00 a. m. Sundays— Tcmalss and war stations.
T2 CHICAGO
. This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across tbe continent.
Con^ectino Txanr Leaves Sax Framci3co:
8 P.n. .Monday, Wednesday, Friday sad
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:13 ¦
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OV'EBLAND' Leave* San Francises at 5:38 '
FXPDFS& P- in * v!tta Palace aad Tourist
nl II v **'» for K * as *» C«T. St. Loaia,
DAILY Chicago aad East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLPV
Fresno, Hanford, Visalla, Tttlaro emSIV
and BakersfieM. KOAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco ofsce. 63
T CISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Mala •
„ 153i J Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 Waai
Santa Clara Street.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
WANTED— Room and board br reathneaa la
strictly private family: breakfast and dinner*,
about ia per mo. Address S.. box 1172. Call.
COAST MYIMON" (It road Gauge).
(Third n.!ni Townstiul St*.)
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPI.NG.
California limited
Santa Fe Route
A— l LARGS suaay front rooms furnished com-
. jiete for ao--«ekeepiag: foli^ig beds; 17 per
- month: furniture all new. Apply at shoe-
rtore. SO 3£l«'.on st..- bet. First and Second.
P T TH aye. CIS. bet- Lacuna and Buehaaan—
Two rooess aaa fcltcaea. t7; water Included.
CALTFORNIA.JI3— 6an=y parlors or rooms for
ilgtt hoogekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
CLT-SIENTIIf A, tV— F~.*t C: J well furnished
rooroß for hoceekeeplag; airy and suany;
couple osly. ____^_____- _^ —
r*,PE 235. near Ninth ard Harrison— New rear
ccttares of » big rooms, fcralshed for house-
ktep'.Eg. ¦__
EI/DT K7- Nicely famished suaay rocms: gas
arid featb: light housekeeping allowed; cheap.
E3DY 817— Prcat hooeekeeplng rooms; fur-
EOJ&ed: splendid location: private residence.
ELLIS 414. aear Jones— Sunay lower Cat; i
ro^rr.i; nrsf. gat: tU per month,
yirilj, J4S— Two rooms furnished " for house-
ke*ry.T.g; cheap rent. '___
FoLsosi 74?— Nice susny frcnt room suitable
fortwo; also fttgle room*; private family;
reasonable. °
FREELOX. IC*A, bet. Bryant and Brannan—
4 rooms format and furniture for sale, cheap.
GLeTTpaBK AYE, 5. eff Twelfth, near Mis- |
•>cn-J unfurnished sunay rooms; closet and
r*th ;
HOWARD. €So— Front room and kitchen, far-
nieti*<! for housekeeping.
HOWARr- TSiH Nicely furnished sunny slnfcle^
(and do'-bl* rooms; hausekwplng; man and
* wire; r»-«L*oßable. - j
HOWARI». sn— J sunny housekeeping room*:
bedroom, kitchen: <U. MRS- PEARSON. 1
lIVDE, 41i— Rlegant ennoy front parlor suite.
coraj'lete housekeeping: basement aulte. 112.
MARKET, I«t-: nlc« rooms for housekeeping;
private family; no children: tS.
MlfiilOf. 14S-Frcct or back parlor nicely
furrtehe* for light hoogekeeplng; also single.
MISSION. 1511— Newly famished front aad
back rooms for hoosekeeDlne.
JtOSS. U. off Howard, near Seventh— l or 8
rooms fursifcbed complete for housekeeping.
VOE. 113. north cf Market— Furnished hand-
come corner b*y-win4ow fiat; piano; t?7 50.
»X "IS— l<ar»re euccy front room, range,
¦l'slpt. turr.Uhed for housekeeping, it; also one
\'FA.EJU>LL. 3*^s. ? >* a '" Van Ness aye.— Parlor
|(<uft«>;hous*k«rpiqt ar-eotnmodatlonn If <!*sir*d.
'V'OLTC, TTT.— Funny parlor ruite. light bouse-
_*«pir.fc; tcna* rewnable. . ;;/ "J
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 14 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for Tl per year.
MASXOSi GRIFFIN. 713 Market, nr. Call bli!g.
Land, for sale ia Soncma. Contra Coeta. Glean.
f*ma Crux Pharta and Tehama Cc-s.. Cal.
VAN NESS aye.. 544 (The Wallace)— Rooms
asd board: famished and unfurnished; JM up.
J. W. HORN. t'J Mala rt.. Petaluma: real es-
tate arid thoroughbred Belgian hares. Bend
Icr free list of feoncma County bargains.
COMMITTED TO NAPA.
Young Edgar Hobson Has at Last
Become Violently Insane.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICO, March 29.— Edgrar Hobson, aged
14, a resident of Nord, this county, was
ordered committed to Napa Asylum this
morning. The case Is a particularly sad
as well as -familiar one. Up to the time
the unfortunate lad was 7 years of age he
was particularly 'bright. At that time he
began suffering severe pains In both eyes.
At times the pain was bo Intense as to
produce unconsciousness. Every expert In
the 6tate was called, but all were mvstl-
fied and gave the case, up as hopeless.
Meanwhile the patns continued, the boy
finally becoming toally blind. Of late he
has shown symptoms of Insanity, and
within the past few days became unman-
ageable. -
Homer Hickman, aged 21. was also or-
dered committed to the asylum, he having
become violently insane on the Bldwell
ranch. ¦
To Say« Waste "Water.
ANAHEIM. March ' 29.— Engineers have
been employed "to" devise plans. If the
scheme proves feasible, for reclaiming
12,000 Inches of pure water that now runs
to waste In the ocean from the artesian
belt.- If .It can be raised and delivered
on the back lands thousands of acres can
be brought under profitable cultivation
and an immense gain made to the
county.
Looking for a Camp Sit*.
SANTA CRUZ. March '29.— A committee
arrived here to-day to select a place for
the encampment of the North Central
California Veterans' Association. It was
offered grounds, fuel, light and 'water
gratia. - From ¦ here the committee went
to Pacific Grove, which ; will t also make
an offer. - About 600 will b« In camp. dur-
ing the summer. . ., .. .
HYDE. 11UV4— Choice rooms, with board; pri-
vate.
REAL ESTATE— COI'XTUV For Savle
XEW family hotel: first class la all appoint-
ments: excellent tab!-: special Inducements to
select people. W7 California st.. occupying
ccraer opposite Grace Church. -
COTTAGE— 6 rocn*. bath, basement, stable; H
tlock frcm Market st. Apply 243 Fc'aom tt.
KODERX 7-room residence: Broderick St., nr.
the Park: in perfect order; low terms. Ad-
cress i-r x 4455. Ca.: office.
FCR *a> very c.'er. lot 43x159; east Use of
Mission rt., bet. Eighth and Ninth, with lm-
;rcv«-:ner.ts. G. W. H. PATTEP.SON CO..
:7« Market St.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HAVE you real Batata ia the Mission cr Hcr-
r.«r'e Aii'ticr. that you wish to dlspoee of
then ra:i on W. J. GUXN. S3O California it.
ISiOO— WORTH U000: stcra, 3 rooma, bath: flat
abcre. t rooms, bath; reeled SX2. 1417 Paclfle.
FOR sale— Kew hc.«t and lot. Inquire "3
Flood aye.; rssar side.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
B Andrews Jr. N O
P Sanchei. Berkeley
1 G Glbb. Canada
2 F Kretchmer. N V
Ht C Richards. Boston
Mrs Richards. Boston
F H Richards. Boston
Vll.»s G S Richards, Bsn
Miss H S Rlchards.Bsn
E C Fahmey, Chicago
X Foshikawa, Chicago
Mrs W P Brady, lowa
MttM Brady, lowa
Mrs A Busback, Chgo
Hiss L Busback, Chgo
"2 C Morrison, Los Ang
G B Chany. Los Ang.
F W Grant, Chicago
Mrs Grant, Chicago
W C Andrews, 111
WrsE J Ruthmann,Col
A J Kats, N V
L J Rose Jr. Cal
H M Yerrlngton. Nev
Mrs Yerrington. Nev
G Willett. Boston
Mrs Willett. Boston
C Pardee. Phlla
Mrs Pardee. Phi.a
Olive Pardee. Phila
Helen Pardee, Phila
W S Stitt. NY
W M Levlne. N V
W-W Sherwell, Colo
D J Johnson. N V
H W Lee, N V
W S Chamberlain, N J
Mrs Chamberlain, N J
E J M Coleman, Nev
P L Shumaa. Chicago
J H Allen. St Paul
Mrs Allen. St Paul
Mias M Allen. St Paul
Miss F Allen. St Paul
C T Boynton, Chicago
Mrs Boynton. Chicago
Mrs W H Harper. Chg
R B Rawls, Los Ang
W E Beck. Oakland
Mrs Beck. Oakland
Dr J P McGowaa, N T
W J Sehleffelln. N V
J B Ludlow. N V
Helen Thomas. Pa
Mrs J Thomas. Pa
Miss B H Thomas. Pa
J W Bunham, Aris
II O Stevenson, Menlo
Mrs Stevenson. Menlo
Dr G M Eddy. N V
Mrs Eddy, N V
Miss Eddy. N V
A R Flower. N V
Mrs Flower. N V
E P de Orove. N V
Mrs de Grove, N V
H Sellgman, N V
Mrs Sellgman. X V
Mrs J Dwyer. Detroit
G L Dwyer. Detroit
J A Smith. Ohio
Mrs Pmlth. Ohio
Miss Smith. Ohio
J Hannlng. N V
B Stahl. N V
S G Hess. N V
Raymond Excursion.
H O Barrett.
Mrs H O Barrett.
C W Richardson
Mrs C W Richardson.
Mrs M G Richardson
Henry Goodwin.
Mrs Henry Goodwin
8 Hutchlns,
Mrs W O Hutchins,
Robt J Taylor.
Mrs R J Taylor.
Mrs X R Woodard,
Mrs J J Martin,
Mrs Bellamy.
Wm Bellamy,
S Pllmmer,
Mrs Plimmer,
Miss W Bosler ,
Mrs J Mitchell.
Mlsa M Mitchell.
W H Watkins.
Mrs Watkins.
Miss M Laney. .^., .-¦-
H Pemberton.
Mrs Pemberton.
C E Angle.
Mrs Angle,
Mrs O A Halwy.
Miss M A Halsey,
Mrs M Seavey.
Mrs J P Hilton.
H R Newcomb.
Mrs Newcomb,
J Kenworthy,
Mrs Kenworthy.
Miss M Kenworthy.
Mrs G D Blamer.
Mrs T A McQulUey.
Richard Evans,
Mrs ¦ Evans, t
T B Knlffey,
Mrs Knlffey,
R Ballerstela.
Mrs Ballerstela.
G W Crawford.
Mrs Crawford.
¦Miss R Crawford.
Miss L Crawford,
Miss G Voegl.
Miss I Voegl.
ABO Wathmey,
Mrs Wathmey,
Mlsa Ott,
M L Ott.
J L Dunham.
G W Hatch.
V." F Hlgglaa,
Mrs Hlgglnj,
C A Cocke,
Wm Daskham,
H Vogel.
Mrs Vogel,
Mrs H W- EdwanJa, .
Master Edwards,
GRAND HOTEL.
J R Thomson, Rd Bluff
C S Hall. Red Bluff
T H Buckingham, Cal
J Diggles, Cal
C G Raub. Meridian
A J'Tarbet, Needles
J H McNeal, Cal
S M Tool. Napa .
S Soule, Seattle
1 ¦ C Bowman, N T
O O Denny, Seattle
E C Griswold. Seattle
Mrs F Harris.. Chicago
N C Foster. Cal
B M Maddox, Vlaalla
HA Jastro, Cal
J Porters, Fresno
E Prince t w. Qulncy
J M Ward. NT
5 H Pye * W, St Lould
XV T Jeffries & w. Oil
D O Overall. Vlsalla
W S Cowln & W, Cal
H L Hill. Sacto
R R Sutherland. Cal ¦
N M Flower. Calaveras
E L Flower ft W, Cal
H T Duff, Los Angeles
6 Flchtenberg, 111
W T Montgomery. Cal
J W Murray," Detroit
J W Jeaktne. Rochester
R M English. Conn
T B Smalley,
G N. Powell 4-w. N V
Miss Dougherty. Cal
Mrs D D Blackburn,
Paso Robles
Miss H Blackburn.
Paso Robles •- . •¦
Miss T Blackburn.
Paso Robles
J C Llllls. Sta Barbara
Miss Conway, Farallns
A J Hinds. Sta Cruz
jM ConcannonjCal .
1 A T. Bescon. Phlla
'j R Barton. N T
A Anderson. Sulsun
S I Roper & w. S Jose
Miss Beckicgton.S Jo9e
jw B Flansbursrh. Minn
!M O'Connel, Grass Val
) J Broescla & w. Cal
jRfR Armor.' Toledo
R J Atschel. Lima
J N Lean. Wilcox
A B McCrea & d. El ¦-
3 O Butler & w. Mo
A Kink-ad. Ncr
Mrs n Bennett. Stktn
jl T Daran. Kansas City
J P Cox, Fol!»om '«SaiS
W A LltUe, Sta Rosa
S Smith. • Sacto
T H Nagel." Nome
R R Mcßne. Nome • "
W B Domberg. Wash
I Hart. . Spokane ,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M D Nichols, Nlles ..
C Webster/ San Joa« .
F Thomas, Fresno^ >
H L Gray. Modesto
F L Blair. Uklah
E Slsßon. - Chicago -
W J Henderson. Tex
JW Keating.- Rlversld
W B ; Hunk, Callstona
H Wilson,' Monterey
G M ¦ Peters. Oakdale
A B Jenkins. - Pa
8 E Hall. Salt Lake
A- Charette. Butte
A E-Rowe & w, Cal
ERybura Aw, 'lll
J Bergen,- Sonoma ;-.-. ¦¦•'
J P Connor. , Glenwood
W E Sparron & w,
Minnesota
F P Powell, Los Ang
HOTEL, 24 roc=s. bar. kitchen aad dlaing-
room; 434 Fifth st_; rect cheap. Apply MAX)-
lEON * BUP.KE.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
~ . »
Marriage licenses have been, Issued as follows:
Abraham Goldmeyer, 10. 147 Felscra street,
an 4 Minnie M»yer. 25. 262« Bush street.
Patricio C. d» Souxa. 22. 65 Jackson street.
and Maria Alves. 22. 65 Jackson street.
Lionel A. Deane, ts. 1009 Buchanan street.
and Helena. M. Shorey. K. 1101 Geary street.
Elmer H. Johnson. 23. Seattle. Wash., and
Alexandra £. Boires, 26. city.
Georre McCullouKh. 47, CourtlaAd, and Sophie
OUen. 41. Courtland.
Wllllim S. Cowln, 49. Vailejo Junction, and
Viola B. Hilts, 29. Knlehts Ferry.
Henry Levy. «0. 1032 Ellis street, and Pau-
lln* Heyrnansen. SO, J3J Post street.
Frederick Meyer. 44, 671 Minna street, aad
Antoinette Mohr, 42. 627 Natoma street.
William Dreyer. 21. ?10 Mission street, and
Rose Ballard. 20. 141 Thirteenth street.
Otis C. Thompson, 21. 400 McAllister street,
and Irene Eddy. 20, Larldn and McAllister sts.
Emlle E. Lanruetln. 27. 252 Lexington avenue.
and Daisy L. Edler. 22. 6 Redwood court.
Alonzo Bent. 23. 204 San Jose avenue, and
Gusele M. Parsons. 22, SIS Treat avenue.
SACRIFICE: sew *-rooic $-stcry house: let
;t:ExliO, with chicken house, etc: suitable
for fiats; must tx sold: tnake aa cfTer; 12000
cr iesa. EHADBUKNE. C:6 Eacramento st.
ttlOG— t FLATS, stroerly built: Washington st..
-.»s.r Larkls; lot Z7:CxIT7:(: here are Sats
right r.etr tswa; f asd < rooms aad bath
each: must sell. Bex V.i*. Call offlce.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor et.. aear Market— Aa
sp-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture: net and cold water; radiators; salt
sea taths; suites aad elagle rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
star Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK. $9—5. euany front rooms aad
bath: suitable for mea; la private family.
STOCKTON. 13 (over Pup Rotlsserle>— Nicely
furnished rocms from 112 to (30.
TAYLOR. £19— SuIJTJt furclrtied rooms; gas and.
running water; -Quiet bouse.
TENTH. U3 — Uafurnisfced sunay rooms aad
bath; in good condition: reasonable rent. -
THE OAKS. 11J Third— A *cod rooming house
for good pecple. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C O'DONKELL— OffIe* aad residence.
152T-1 Market st- bet. Elxth and Seventh.
ALAESA far rxnsesrrs. hoods, mitts, leather
c *:« H. M. HEIN'EMAN. 1» Saasome it.
P.OYAL HOUSE. 12S Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, readlag room, smoking room aad ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night. He to II 60: week. 12
to IS: month. J5 to S2O; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
LADIES" »t:3 gents' ea*t-o2 cZothlag bought and
sold. Silverrran. 9M Folsom: tel. Folsora UfL
ROSEDALE House. 319 & HI Ellis St.— Rooms.
night, Zsc to 11: week. II ZL to 14; opea night.
IF you wish ?t!l value for yoor c**t-cff cloth-
:-g ca!l ca B. Crhea. 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
POWELL, 111— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
WANTED- O:i co.d for nar.urg. O. JfOLTE»
Jewe'.er. r4S O*Far-ell. bet. PoweH aad Ma*on-
POST. 217— Sunay suites aad single rooms; day.
week or month; terms reasonable.
STAMMERING corrected: bocklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 131S Linden «t.. Oakland.
ORLANDO House. SS9 Howard, cor. Elxth—
Eunny rooms; prices to suit; open night.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
ELANTVS second-hand clothing store. T» Ninth:
full vaJue riven for ladies', chllfirea's cast-off
"cicthlJig, trunks, etc Pfcoae. Howard 11S2.
ASTONISHING Prices fcr '.adlee* and gents'
c&irt-oS c-ith'ig. etc.; don't sell until you
learn ir.y o^er. Postal SI. Nathan. 10 Sunnier.
CERTIFICATE OF COPARTNERSHIP— State
of Califorala, city and county of Saa Fran-
cisco Us.).
We. the undersigned, do hereby certify that
we are rartners transacting business in said
State, at the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, under the firm name and style of
DOMESTIC LAUNDRY; that the names In
full cf all the members of such partnership
are George Schlndele. H. D. Morris and Jo-
seph H. Currier, and that the places of our
respective residences are set opposite our re-
spective names hereto subscribed.
In witness whereof we have hereunto s«t our
hands this 3d day of March. UOO.
GEORGE SCHINDELE, place of residence,
city and county of San Francisco. State of
California.
JOSEPH H. CURRIER, place of residence,,
city and county of San Francisco. State of
California.
H. D. MORRIS, place of residence, city and
county of San Francisco, State of California.
State of California, city aad county of Saa
Francisco fss.J
Oa this €th day of March, in the year one
thousand nine hundred, before me, GEORGE
F. HATTON, a notary public la and for
said city and county, residing therein, duly
commissioned and sworn, personally appeared
GEORGE SCHINDELE,
, JOSEPH H. CURRIER and
H. D. MORRIS.
known to me to be the persons whose names
are subscribed to the within Instrument, aad
acknowledged that they executed the same.
(Seal.]
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal at my office
la the city and county of San Francisco, the
day and year la»t above written.
GEORGE F. HATTON. Notary Publio la
and for the city and county cf Saa Francisco,
State of California.
HiTE. ADA cTires rheumatism, headaches, ceu-
rsigia: all raia leaves like magic from her
wpr.ijerfully gifted hanrJ*. 124J Howard St.
COPARTNERSHIP" NOTICES.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR r«r.oved by the enly
effectual ir.ethod— the Electric Needle: free
trial tr»a*rr.er.t. Rocm 14. It* Market st.
HARRISON, 755. oor. 4th— Large front sunny
suite of rooms, complete for housekeeping.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
HARRISON. 7J4H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished suany rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; U a week. .
HANCOCH HOUSE. 781 Mission st.— Select
family roctning house; II £0 to IS per week.
A FIXE suit lo order fID T5. or pants St 7J; our
f ;-» z ¦»:•}¦ ia -f rr.r.arts -allows us V> sell cheap-
er thaa reaiy-nyUe. L. LEMOS. Ul7 Market
St.. tet. 7th and ith. prop. Ore-price Tallor-
cr.sg Co.. iZZ Kearcy. near Sicto.; also lM
?iler»rt *t., uriSer St. Nicholas.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast comer Seveath
aad Mlasloa sts. — Suar.y rooms, ea suite cr
single: ladies' parlor; reading rocm; elevator.
"JACK" WELCH IS IN
DEMAND FOR REFEREE
Selected to Supervise the Bean-Qreea
Fight Before the Columbia
Athletic Club.
"Jack" "Welch, th© broad-shouldered
patron of boxing from the Potrero, is
quite the vogue as referee in bouts with
the gloves Just now. He will be the third
man In the ring to-night, when "Pro
fessor" Wlllard Bean and ''Soldier" Phil
Green settle thefr differences.
The bout will be under the direction of
Columbia Athletic Club, and will be held
in the arena at Woodward's Pavilion. In
addition Jimmy Lawlor and Jack Kane
will meet for the second time* within the
present month. Lawlor secured a decis
ion over Kane after twenty rounds of
hard fighting. He showed to better ad
vantage than at any time in his ring ca
reer. Kane was not satisfied with the out
come of the bout, hence, the meeting to
morrow night.
; In addition to this, forty rounds of box
ing which has beejr arranged for there
will be an eight-round bout between "Al
ligator" Dobson and Mike Welsh, which
should prove an Interesting curtain raiser.
The pool room managers have taken a
stand in the matter of fake fights. They
will not hereafter sell pools on any fight
if either of the principals has been mixed
up in any Jobbery connected with boxing.
The betting at Harry Corbett's last
night showed Green a slight favorite over
Bean, the prevailing odds being 10 to 6.
Bean had a large following at these
figures and there was plenty of money
offered on him. The Kane and Lawler
bout was an even-money proposition, with
more Kane money than Lawler money in
sight. This in the face of Kane's recent
defeat by Lawler.
MRS. DR. L. BURGER, late matron cf Ger-
man Hosi'.tal. N. V., specialist for bladder,
V.iiney. skin diseases ar.d c&r.cer. office ISS
Fourth st. A .testimonial : Wm. Osterhold. San
?¦'.*.:-. Orphan Asylum, says: I had cancer on
re y left leg. I was treated by ' Sirs- Burger.
' K< Fourth St.. arid certify that I was cured
la a short time. Win. Oeterho'.i. -Baa Mateo.
FOLSOM. 563. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rocms: suites or single: new mgmt.
11750 FOR A
Cottage. 6 rooms, outbuildings; lot lCCxlOO;
containing fruit, flowers, etc ; private water
supply: 3 blocks from postof flee, schools, cars,
etc.: enly 1350 cash, balance baak mortgage.
J. S. MYERS. 10CJ Broadway.
FILLMORE, 2212. near Clay— 3 uafurnlshed
rooms. |1C: a 15 0,2 unfurnished rooms. 17.
FIFTH. 157 — Unfurnished rooms to let.
LEDniES'S Qt^ctonica hair tonic Is without
a rival; S^c bot. Lfiierer s Fcarao Shampoo
cle-ar.t<s eralp perfecUy; Ec pkg. 13 Stockton.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2«OO— INVESTMENT— I26OO.
2 modern fiats of 6 rooms and bath each;
first-class condition: Market-st. station; pay
1 rer cent monthly on Investment. J. S.
MYERS. 10C2 Broadway. Oakland.
CVRLED or waved hair caa be quickly ob-
tained by using Talcotfs Curling Fluid: 25
cents bet tie.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
INFORMATION wanted regarding where-
Ebouta- of T. J. COOK (formerly Cook &
"Wry): m-as a contractor and builder ia this
city IJS3 to ISS4. Aiiress box n. Builders'
Association. L.5 Buch st.
CARROLTON. 12C-* Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well fura.; rms. & offices.
EDW. BELLE — Ouiry, phctograrhle Paris-
:enne. Entrar** Ifth. ar. Washington, Oakld.
CALIFORNIA. 70S (St. Peter's House)— New
house, cewly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
PERSONALS.
I3SOO— ELEGANT home; thorough construction;
beautiful flalsh; 6 fine rooms, bath, pantries,
large basement, etc: lot 60x100: N. side of
wide avenue; excellent neighborhood. H. D.
IRWIN. Railroad waiting room, Lorln Sta-
tlcn. Opea Sundays. ¦
S!ME. Neergs.ard. Pres. St. Germain College of
rvtr.-.stry; reads 1 to 8. CIS Geary, nr. Jcnes.
Jto— STORE: 2 show-windows and S large rooms;
tiirr-*' «- ary business. 422 Sixth St.
IOOS. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selling: two-year-olds; purse. WOO.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at 1031
Valencia st.
SI'PERIOR vic'.irs. Utbera. eld aad new. H.
HCLLER. r-.gkyr. repairer. 2 Latham place.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
CLASSIFIED advertisements snd subscriptions
received at Call branch office.. 2200 Fillmore.
: FINE Marshall & Wer.de'.l pianos fcr 113)
?ach: FUcbT upright. IKS; Gibson. J25; aH
_are targslns.. MAUVAIS'. 7*3 Market sU
ttnCKER. Packard and }V>-the Bros, are names
to remember »hen ?h' best !s wanted for the
least mcr.ey. The ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7*3 Market et. ,
1007. FIRST RACB-Futnrity course; selling; thre^year-olds and upward: purse HCO.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
POST. B€2— Suany suite, housekeeplcg. $11, also
single rooma.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOMS FOR, HOUSEKEEPING.
ARE y<su la need cf a ptanoT We have a large
¦*«scnir.er.t*ct new and second-hand pianos of
the beet maker*; sold fcr cash or very easy
I«yrr.ents-. IS dewn and SS per month for aa
• r«pant :e« upright: some g^M pianos for
SZ. 14 ar.d j: per month, f HERMAN. CLAY
A CO., Steir.way dealers, comer Putter and
Kearr.y et* . Fan Francisco: corner Thirteenth
«nd Broad-way. Oakland.
SICSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
and Hazel Devoto, a native of Wurtemberg,
Germany, aged 39 years t months aad 1 day.
(Santa Ana,' Cal.. papers please copy.)
E7" Funeral takes " place to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, from her late residence, 65
Erie street, near Howard.' Interment pri-
vate.
FAY— Ia this city. March 29, 1900. Mamie, be-
loved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Fay,
and sister of Luke and John Fay Jr.. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 37 years 7 months
and 23 days. (New York papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the family
residence", 1014 Powell street, thence to St.
TO BUILD A
MONTE CARLO
AT CAPE NOME
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the family
residence", 1014 Powell street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
eoul, commencing al 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
FOSS— In this city, March 27, 1300 Ingelbert
Foss. a native of Norway, aged 24 years.
CTTTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Intermeat Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GATELY— In this city. March 2S. 1900. Mamie,
beloved daughter of Kate and the late Pat-
rick Gately. and sister of Lydla, Kittle and
"Winnie Gately, Mrs. Thomas Donohue and
Mrs. John Denis, a native of San Francisco.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:SO o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1364 Eddy street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, Eddy street, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE NO. 2— Dear
Sisters: You are reauested to attead the fu-
neral of our late sister, Mamie Gately, this
day (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock from her late
residence. 1364 Eddy street.
MRS. M. MULLIN. President.
MARY DONOVAN. Secretary.
GREEN— In this city. March 29, 1900, John,
relict of the late Margaret Greea. and father
of Mrs. William McDevitt. a native of Couaty
Cavan, Ireland, aged 90 years. (Philadelphia
papers please copy.)
E7'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, . 1484 Fifteenth street, between How-
ard and Folsom, thence to St. Charles Bor-
romeo's Church, where, a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crocs Cemetery. .
GREENLIN— In this city. March 29, ISOO. Her-
bert, youngest son of Clarence and Elizabeth
Greenlln, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 years and 8 months.
CyFriends of the family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow (Sat-
urday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of his
parents, 806 Tenth street. • - - • -=-
mjTCHINSEN— In this city March 2«, 19W,
Patrick Hutchinsea, a native of Ireland, aged
60 years. ,
CSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:50 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. ,
KELLY— Ia this city. March 28. 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of Michael Kelly, aad mother of
Thomas F. and Catherine Kelly, a native of
County Oalway, Ireland, aged «« years.
G7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday) at 9 o'clock, frcm her late resi-
dence, 13Vi Beideman street, between Scott
and Devisadero, thence to Holy Cross Church
Eddy street, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:20 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
LANGE— In this city, March 28. 190& Amelia,
beloved wife of the late Charles Lange, a
native of Germany, aged 54 years.
(T3 r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the 'uneral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, SOI2H Sixteenth street, between Mis-
sion and Valencia. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
LIDDLE— In this city, March IS, 1500, Julia,
beloved wife of Edwin E. Liddle. and aunt
of William J. and George J. Rickards. a na-
tive of County Cork. Ireland.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:3D o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1738 Sanchei street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, corner of Twenty-ninth and
Church streets, where a requiem high mass
will be said for the repose of h*r soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
LINDSTROM— In this city. March 23, 1900, John
Lindstrom, beloved husband of Augusta Llnd-
strom, and father of Robert Llndstrom, a
native of Bwed*n. aged 41 years.
McGEE— In this city, March 23. 1900. Robert B.
McGee. beloved husband of Mary McGee,
aad father of Joha N., James C. and Jennie
McGee. a native of County Longford. Ire-
land. .
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 613 Hyde street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McGRATH— In this city. March 17. 1900, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Joseph E. McGrath,
mother of Mrs. E. Etrohmeier. Mrs. C. J.
Schmelx and Joseph E. Jr., William T. and
the late Alice G. McGrath, aad sister of
Mrs. William J. Walker, a native of Hlng-
ham. Mass.. aged tl years.
(C7Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully Invited to attend the fnneral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. C. J. Schmela. 720 Howard
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church. Mls-
eioa street, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated ,f or tbe repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
McMULLIN*— In Santa Rosa. March 29, 1900.
Joseph E.. beloved son of Mrs. Joha McMul-
lis, and brother of W. J., G. H. and T. F.
McMullln and Mrs. J. C. Hobsoa. a native
of San Francisco, aged 23 years 6 months and
4 days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow.
fKatutday), at HealSsburg.
PACHECO— In San Rafael, March 23. ISOO. John
J. Pachecn, dearly beloved husband of Julia
Pacheco (nee Tanforan). father of Frances O.
Pacheco, and brother of Guemeclndo, August
and Salvador Pacheco and Mrs. C. C. Valen-
cia, a native of San Rafael. Cal., aged. 33
years. i
E7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
PERRY— Ia this city, March 29, 1900,- George
Perry, a native of Greece, aged 44 years.
SMITH— In the City and County Hospital.
March 29. 1900, Alonzo P. Smith, a native of
Connecticut, aeed 78 years.
TONKS— In Oakland, March » 1900, Louisa
Warner Tonks. wife of Joshua Tonks, mother
of Mrs. George Mahoney and John Tonks and
Bister of Sarah Charoan and Marian Ed-
wards, a native of Birmingham. England,
aged 63 years 4 months and 27 days.
CT^Frlends and 'acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at J o'clock, at the
residence. Sbattuck avenue, between Fifty-
eighth and Fifty-ninth streets. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Friends ara Invited
to attend.
TURNER— In Oakland. March 19. 1900. Infant
son of Frederick C. and Elsie Lee Turner, a
native of California.
ZAMORANO— In this city. March 23, 1300, Jesus
Zamorano. a native of Mexico. a?ed 43 years.
THE SAX FRAKCISCO, CALL, FRIDAY,. MARCH 30, 1900.
THE GALL'S RACING CHART.
(Cbpyrlght, 1100. by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK Ttnrsday. March », 1900.— Weather fin*. Track fart.
aJDr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
62OKEAB5TST. Established
!n I *34 forth? treatment of Private
IMaeas**, Lost Man hood. Debility or
disease Tearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswben
others fall. Try him. Charge* low.
(nrr>(Dar»nirrd. Callorwritft.
pr. J. Wm bIBBOS, Box 1937, 5 an Frasdaca
EHOTWELL. SJ3-J rooms and bath for boosa-
keeplsg; 3 closets and storeroom.
STOCKTON. 1307— Nice furnished room* for
housekeeping: cheap rent. .. .
J4SOO— ELEGANT home of 9 rooms on Grand st.;
la a park-like neighborhood: all modern Im-
provements: near station and school; this is a
great opportunity, as owner is going to Eu-
rope. Call or address H. P. MOREAL A CO..
1«2 Park St.. Alatceda.
TURK. 337— Large sunny rooms for housekeep-
ing. J> a month; stove; runalcg water; also
*tscle rooms.
MODERN house of 7 rooms and bath; rent
114 50. 21W Clement aye.
2 OR S furnished rooms for housekeeping; rent
*s. II Twelfth st.
TWENTY-THIRD, SIM. near. Howard— J or t
nice sunny housekeeping rooms; no children.
REDFETEV ATWEDTTQEUfiYTQ
DCKftfcLci AUiLKlloMmMo
Time-^-To %, :21*4: to H. :4«; last H. l:01\i; short *i. l:lHi. Good start. Won easily, second
and third driving. Winner, A. Simons' eh. g.. by Hanover-Blessing. Orion ran gamely, after
locking beaten. Stronger riding might have landed Poorlands. Aunt Bird did not run to
berwork^Polka quit early. Scratched— Meadow Lark 115.
NEW houses to rent; adjacent to the unlverslty
grounds; 8 and 9 rooms, with all the latest
Improvements; In tbe very best part of beau-
tiful Berkeley. MASON & McLENATHEN,
adjoinlnc Postofflce, Berkeley statlcn.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisement* and subscriptions has been opened
at 1:2 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
ROOMS TO LET — Kiirn. and I'nfarn.
NEARLY new 7-room house, on the sunny side
of street, only 1 blocks from the station and
1 block from electric cars: in thorough order;
sanitary plumbing; to close an estate we will
sell at a bargain. MASON A- McLENA-
THEN. adjoining Postofflce. Berkeley station.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth-Rooms
25c to tl per night; II 26 to 15 per week, aad
light housekeeping; open all night.
AN elegantly furnished front alcove room,
bath adjotnlag; marine view; suitable fcr 1 or
2 gentlemen. R5 California st., nr. Powell.!
WE have got- to sell within 1 week 5 acres of
perfectly sevel land, fronting en 100-foot street
and not' 6 ¦ minutes from Berkeley station;
; street work dene; tbe best bargain we have
had for years. ¦
MASON McLENATHEN.
Adjoining Postofflce. Berkeley.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." ET4 Bush St.. ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; S4 rocms; all prices.
Time— 34. :25; H. MM. Good »tart. Won first tare* driving. Wla&er, B. Cavan*agh'« b- f..
by Imp. Artillery-Lake County. Screenwell stood a gama drive. Bavassa a good-looktns
filly and will bear watching. Eoalo stopped some. Bexnota cut off at start, failing away back.
Scratched— Billy Lyons 108, Laura Marie 10.
1000. THIRD RACE— MiIe aad aa eighth; Pacific Union Handicap; t-year-olds; value. I2QCO.
BURNETT. 1416 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLARA. 164. near Fifth— S rooms. 17 60; 1
rocms, %4.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
CLIFFORD, corner Ellis and Mason— Elegant-
ly furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
rDDT, 209— Newly furnished large srmny front
rocms. with German family.
Time— H. :13; H. :37H: H. V.QVi; %, IJ9; mile. 1:U; mm. I:J4^. Good start. Won la a
gallop, second and third driving, winner, Caxruthexs & Shields' ca. c. by Imp. Great Tpm-
Nellie Van. Winner had the claas. He bompe<l Constellator badly after turning Into stretcX
Weak riding lost place for the latter colt.
1010. FOURTH RACE— One mil* and a sixteenth; selling: S-year-olda and up; purs*. UCOI
FRANKLIN. Zl (Newport)— Nicely furnished
rocn-.s; suite or tingle; also housekeeping.
Time— l-16 :07; 6-H. :J1; »-l«. :5«: U-IJ. 1:U; mile. 1:41; 1 l-l«m. 1:47. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner. J. F. -Fogg's b. h.. by Imp. St. Andrew-Termagent. Gctobed la fia»
fettle and well ridden. Roslnaste not at her best, but would hay* won at a trl2» loogtr
route. Plaid is stale. Tekl* died away. Scratched— Devereux»a. .
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furaisa-
ed rccrr.s. suites cr single; travelers accom.
101 1. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs;' fre« handicap: three-ye*r-clds and upward: purs^ 1100.
EUNNT rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
lnr: 14 up. Hotel Shasta. 112* Broadway^
OAKLAXD FURXITURE FOR SALtI.
HOWARD. K>— Rooms from II week up to J5.
ESc to II r.lfrht; also housekeeping romos.
JESSIE. 475, near Sixth— Furnished suaay
double and single front room.
Time— H. :2*H: H. ¦H\: %. 1:1*. Fair start. Won easily, second and third driving. Wla
ner, Santa Clara Stable's eh. g.. by Dak; of Norfolk-Carmen. True Blue had spe«4 to
burn. Miss Rowena stepped the last part. Good Hope with more luck might have scored.
Ben Led! Injudiciously ridden. Cormorant practically left. _ "Coupled wlth - Vlqrls 1
1012. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; pone. U>\
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 1M (50
cents per share} of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 227 Market street, on and after Mon-
day, Aoril 2. 1500. Transfer books will close
en Tuesday, March !7. 14)0, at t p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LARKTN. 1701 — Sunr.y alcove or smaller room;
rent reasccable; la private family.
MINNA. Z.& — A nice furnished room and use
cf kitchen. ¦ " "
MINNA. W7, corner Eighth— New furnlebed bay
window rocm. SI per week; transient.
MISSION. SJTA (Avooa House)— New; newly
furnished: rent reasonable. FLICK. Prop.
Time— H. :11%: %. :87; H. litt; T4, 1:25«4. Bad start. Won easily, second and 'third drl-rtna;.
Winner. J. G. Brown & Co.'s h. g.. by Mcntana-Fuslllade's Last. Falsa prlc« agatest th«
winner. Lost Girl might have won with, better luck. Lodestar almost left. Scratched —
Radvan 105. ' : . '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. ITOO Fillmore st.
A BRANCH cface for tbe reception of adver-
tisements aad subscriptions has been opened
at IS3 Polk St.; opea until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia ft.
A— HOTEL La Normandle. JI« Eddy— Sunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; first-
class table aad service; prices moderate.
HOTEL FA IRMOUNT. 1714 Market St.— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or sin-
gle: with or without beard; table first class;
reduced rates. .
BELGRAVIA Hotel, Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; modern
conveniences; rates reasonable.
NICELT furnished sunny rooms, with or with-
out beard: J2O up. 742 OTarrell st.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyd- and Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elearant rooms.
LAS TALMAS, lftt Market st.— Suite of J or J
rms.: private; bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They mu»t be handed
In at either of the publication offlces and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
HOHN— In this city, to the wife of William
Hohn, a daughter.
ROBINSON— Ia this city. March Z%. 1300. to the
wife of S. J. Robinson, a daughter.
TURNER— In Oakland. March 24, ISOO, to the
wife of Frederick C. Turner, a son.
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
HtnillH PACITIC CBJIPAHT.
(rACirio STSTZit.)
¦Trattstt Isbts sad are das to nrrlvo ¦•
han riiixcitco.
(Mala line. Foot cf Market Street)
leavs — Faoic Fzbbdaxt 2i 1903. — AUtm
•7:00 a Benida, Suisua. Einira. VscirSa,
Emtaeyaad Sicramecto TjUf
•7:OOa ShieU Express— D»Th. WCloira,
Red BluS, Portlacd.. *7j4W»
*7:30 a Martinex, >*n It iaica. Vi!>Jo. Naps, ¦
Calistrcias'lSiuta Krs» *<lilSr
•«.:3(U The OrerlandLimlted— Oedea, Dea-
Ter, Omaha. Chlc££3 •3iia*
•BtSOA San . Joss. LtTermcre, Stockton.
? lone, facraraento. Plaenrille,
Marjsvllle, Cbico, l!e<ir::nlt Mil-tp
•9:304 *Miiton, Oakdal^.bonora. Carters... »-l:13p
»J:OO» Haywire*. Xiltsand Way Butlnns. *11:43 a
•»:UU a Dirii, Woodland, Kni«hU Laadto;,
Marj"ille- Ororille. «7i415f
• 9:00 a Atlantis r.xpress— Ocdea acd East •9:45 a
•0:OOa MartinnL Trier, Latbrop, Stockton,
McrcetltDdl'reeno «12:15»
•9io«a Port Costa. Vmao. Ms]aT« aud Los
Aiigtlm »6:43p
• !•:•« a Vallejo. Martinez and Wsy Stations ••:43y
•U:uoi J\il-\ LlTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento. Mendota, Ilanford, Visalia,
Pcrterrilla Mil 3»
•ia:«M>M Haywaras. NUesand Way Stations. *S»43r
tl:OOp iiacT&nieuto Ulter Btexniers fS'OOr
•3>OOp Ilaywards, Niit a and Wsy Stations. *3i43p
•4;OOp Marthiex. ban Itamou. Vallejo,
N»p». ->:»li«t( i». Hcf* **ilßa
•t:OOr Bfaici», Vac-tillc, haeraiucnto.
Woodland. Knifbta landing.
Marr»»llle. Orofiile "lOMSa
MtßOr Kites. *7il3>>
•3:oorThfl Owl liici>U— Tracy. Fresno.
BikerßaelJ. Haajus for Sic-.i Bar- •"
bara. L->s Ad«lm •l«r«5A
o3:OOr Suzsst limited— El Paso. Xew Or-
lesxsaod E^tt «10^3a
•3:30p Stockton, Meirwi, Frocuo M3jls*
•3:30r Fmiio, lUkcnlieM. hmU TUtWa.
Ixu Angeles, Demlng. El r*so,
New Orleaui ana East *«i43t
•SiSOpHauU I*n JJoute— Allaiitle Expiets
for Mojmb ami F.-«t *•»«*
•fl:OOp najwards, Ziilts anJ (San Jose *7s4»a
|O:3Or V«i!eji> »18«l3r
•C:B«ror>nuJ Meil— Ogden, Caeyenae.
Omaha, Ch!ctgc> »»i4sa
•flsSOp Orisstal Mail— Ogdea, Dearer.
OmiU Chicago. *4ilSr
;T:»o r Vallejo. Port UoaU and Way Sta-
tions .... j9iaa»
• •tOSp Oregon and Callfcraia> Uirren.Mas-
' i»iii*nto, M.»rjo«il>, Uc<<<lh>r,
rort)»n.l. r.ltrt Knu...l »;..l Vml *»8l»A.
COAST PITISIO.I (Narroiv <Uage).
(Foot rl Market Street) .
•Sj I.la Newark, CenWr?ilie,fcao Joe e^Faltoo,
Uon)<lcrCrtek,SantaCrnzaDdWay
HtaUons »3i»€»
f2:l3p Newirk CenterTlllu, San Jcse, Kew
Almadeo, Felton, ISooldcr Creek,
Basita Crai and I'riacipsl Way
Stations fI«HS«A
•lil3pJ.-ewark.San Jtwe. Lou G»toa •»i2«a
•>i 1:4.".p Hi:cten' Kxcnnica, Saa Jos* and
WayßU-.ioaa }7i—>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
¦rtiaSlS MiSCISCO— f«t tf Hirkit Slnit (S!i? St —
•7:15 9:00 11:<X>a.M. {1:53 *2.-33 t):M
M:CD ' 15:C3 't-.Zlr.u.
rtaOilUXO— rMt»riru«w«t.— *6^)o 8:00 10.M4.tf.
¦ |IZ:S3 »I:Q3 >2:53 -3::3 tI:C3 •3:C3p.M.
MAEBIED.
COWTN— HOLTS— In this city. March *», l>oo,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, William
Stephens Cowln of Vallejo Junction and Viola
Bellinger Hilts of Knights Ferry, Cal. . .
FLETCHER— RUSH— In this' city, March B,
1500. by the Rev. Dr. Joha A. B. Wllsoa.
Walter Klmball Fletcher and Mary Emma
Rush.
WANTED by married couple (desirable ten-
aats) — Large, sunny modern room, with small
apartment adjoining for lightest of housekeep-
ing; bresJifart only; private; eaet of Van Ness
aye. Box XSS. Call.
BAD tenaats ejected for U; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms HO; teL lltt.
ROOMS papered from U: whitened,- tl up;
painting dene. Hartman Paint Co., Sit Talrd.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ttftlOAOce&u View, Houtb Saa Frendsoo. . t«tS*v
*7:«Oa Rkii Jof9 ami Way Htalieus (New
Aluiaden WeinesJajsouly) a lsS*s>
•9:OO» Ran Jet. Ties liuos, Banta Cms,
FacltJa OroTe. Ttat Uobles, Saa
. T.nii Oiii.ipo, Unit, Lompoo and
rrincli>»l War Buttons Mtl»r
•HiilO* Saa Joss and Way gtatioos •BtSSA
•lIiSO* Saa Joss aa<] Way Stations. *S«S*V
t3>4Sp Saa Matro. lUtdwood. Msnlo Pwk.
I'll a Alto. Hants Clara. San Jos*.
Tres Pinos, Santa Cms. ««"»»«^
' : Moai'rtjtnJ l'aelffo Grove f14H843A
? 3: SO r Ban Joss and Way Stations *7tSor
1 1 :15p Saa Joieaod Principal WaySutkms *0:43 a
f-»:OU p San Jose and rr!ncip»l VTay Sutiocs t0:OO*
•3:3t»p Saa Jew and Principal Way Stations *B<33a.
. •0:3»p Saa Joss aad Way Stations.. *":©Oa
611:45f Sao Joaa and Way Btatlons... «7s3Op
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine- sup-
plies. Standard Agency.lU (th; phona Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re~
pairiag at lowest rates. 20S Fourth et.
A for Monitor P f or Af uroooa.
* Daily. f Hnn<!ay excepted. • 1 Sunday ealy.
b Saturday only. 1
jB Tue*l»r» aad Fridajs c Thcridays and Saadaym.
X) Lease — All cr part of vacant property: Xx
I«A: on Mission St.. near Fifteenth: will build
lleht structure. Owner, box 8109. Call. •
DIED.
Ashley, Dr. Brans- Lang*. Amelia
oombe Liddle, Julia
Berge, Rasmus O. Ltndstrom. John
Bergen, Elizabeth A. McGee, Robert E.
Devoto. Wilt elm In a McGrath. Elizabeth
Fay. Mamie McMullln. Joseph E.
Foes, Ingelbert Pacheco, John J,
Oately, Mamie Perry. George
Oreenlln. Herbert Smith. Alonzo P.
Oreen. John Tonks, Louisa W.
Mutchlnsen, Patrick Turner (Infant)
Kelly. Mary Zamorano. Jesus .
AEHLET— In this city, March 29. ISCO. "Dr.
Branscombe Ashley a native of France, aged
C 6 years.
C 7 Remains at the parlors of the Craig &
Cochraa Cbmpany.
BERGE— Ia South Saa Fraadsoo. March 28.
1900. Rasmus O. Berge, ¦ beloved husband of
the late Hlglna Berge. and - beloved -brother
of Mrs. Ane K. Pedersen and Mrs. Rachael
Svensen of Modesto, a native of Stavangtr.
Norway, aged 67 years 11 months and 27 days.
CT Funeral sen-ices will be held thta day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence.
1607 Eleventh avenue south, near N street
south, Eouth San Francisco. Interment pri-
vate, I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BEROEN— In Santa Rosa,' March 2S. 1900.
Elizabeth Ann Bergen, dearly beloved wife of
B. F. Bergen, and mother cf Mrs. Joseph U.
Smith.- Miss M. Emllle Bergen. Mrs. Frank
N. Lowell and BenJ. C. Bergen.' a native of
Illinois, aged 61 years 6 months and 1 day*. |
E7 Friends of the family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral : services this
day (Friday), at * o'clock, at her home, cor-
ner of Telerraph and Ashby avenues. Berke-
ley. Interment private. . \ .». . ,
DEVOTO— In this city. March 29. 1900. Wll-
helmlna. dearly beloved wife of David De-
voto, daughter of Mrs. Lena . Roeder, . and
• mother of Carrie, David, Marguerite, Arthur
HKNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Eueee»*ors to Flannagaa A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERSL
10 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
17 and 19 Fifth st. Tel. South IS7.
FUKEKAL DIRECTORS AND EKBaLKERI
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
11
I - i IBttUnr.
Index. Horn. Aga. Weight. [St. U 'M ¦ , %, Btr. Fin. | Jockey. jOp. CL
&S9 Orion. a. 115 3 ... 3 4 I < 1} 1 l«i jHenry «-* »-»
S<o Poorlands.-4 1« 1 ... n lh 14 2 4 'J. Daly » »
»J« Croker. 4..'... Ul 8... 6 h fin IS 12 ,FaunUen>y ... I IS
W6 Chappie,* I^> 7 ... IH i 2 51 4 6 K. Stuart I U
iti Sir Caaslmlr, 4 11.-, S .„ 4h 4h <1 54 1. PoweU ii U
SB9 Bonlbel. 4 104)9 .^ 91 8b SI 61 E.Rosa _ 19 »
9*3 Aunt Bird. S lib 11 ... In »l m 7H Heln»on _ . » . •
7?8 Mainstay, a llsjlO ... 11 n 19 g h Hyland ~ » »
«3 Bastlle. 4 11S| 4 - ... 10 7 1 9 1 »4 McAull2» .... K> MO
€19 Tourist 11, 4 1W 6 ... S h 19 11 V> N. HUI » M
SJ7 Polka. 4 11«| I ... lh 3 1 4h U Plfgott 1 4
Index.
Index. Hcrse. Weight. St. h+ h* \ Str. Fin.
SS3 9cr«enwell Lak»....106 4 1 i 2 ' ~ Th
991 Bavassa 119 I ... ... 5 3 ... J H
tlOOl) Eonlo 115 t _ ¦ ... II ... II
»il Ar.drattu» _....U-J 3 ... ; .— > II ... 4 2
(SS3) Bemota U5 1 ... ' — . 4 h ... t 4
Hi Intrada -. 115 5 ... ... < 1 ... 14
... Montana Chiaftatn..ll3 10 -. — :¦> ... I I
Ml W'oefal 133 «... — Tl ... Sh
(SSS) Mamie Hlldret& HC> t ...... II ... » I
V/l Ei Kara ...1106 » »... ... H ... 19
Hcrse.
t Jockey. tOp. CX.
"jIX Rosa U> II
IIUU 30 100
Ames .". l-I «
X. Hill » 13
iPlygrott .. I »
L PoweU J ' »
Henry 4 15
Man* n U
Bozemaa ..... S U
Holme» 1 t
Index.
Horse.
Weight. | St.
Etr.
Fix
Jockey.
iOp.
O-
<H2) Advaao* Gu&rd IT7| I
(&66> Ltaerlck ...... HO S
SSo Constell&tor ... 113 2
&9» Mr Gypsy SO S
71» Bathos 119! 1
(Ks) La Borgia. 13* S
10OJ Jolly Briton- » 7
»C' 2 Bonndlce IK «
I n
S t
i a
« t
t
ft b
1 1
1 1
4 h
11%
• h
S
7H
4 1
1 a
*tt
«H
Ih
7 1
t 1
»
IH
S 1
, X a
9 h
4 h
(1
78
«
I IH |Pl«»Ott 1-19 11-»
t \ E. ROM _ t i
t 1 J. Woods 19 15
4 4 Rasca 13 3>
E 1 Aises t 15
(H I. PowsJl U ta
7 4 Logua _. 5 103
I Henry I t)
index. Horse. Ag». Weight.! St. Std. H % Str. Fia. | Jockey. jOp. Cl.
(999) Gotcbed. 5 ICfJ S 4h 51 J*4 1 n 11 |I. Pow«ll H 5-1
959 Rosinante. » 1001 S 8 I 41 41 Z I Fasntleroy .- •-» U-5
1000 Flamerq. 4 9«4 II 11 IHi »H II Mounc« 7 10
953 Scotch £\a.i&. S ....191 1 »1 41 SI 6»41 Henry — S »-»
9SS Imperious, 6 1M 3 II IH >1 »» »U B. Row _. 1\ <T
MS Tekla, S Si I t S I 1 « « - « Cl»rk» 19 BO
jidei. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. M
(939) True Blue. ( 951 4
933 Miss Rowtna, 5....104 S ....
10CO Good Hope. 4. »t T
717 Anjou. 3 ?~ 106 S
953 Vloris. 4 92 I
993 Ben Ledl. 4 103 X
563 Silver Maid, 1 8S S
SOB Aluminum, 5 SO 6
»0 Cormorant. 4. 113 9
£45 Henrietta, O. I SOJ t*ft ...
.dcx.
Horse.
Age.
Weight. ISt-
l i
H
Sh .
XIH
s i:
5 h
« t
1 h
»
X
X
I 1
I 1
I h
I 1
7 H
1 I
f <
4 a
I
Str.
Str.
Fin.
w
I h.
(1
r t
I 1
i
Fin.
I Jockey. jOp. d.
Buchan&a ....( I 15
I. PoweU t X
Mounct 19 J
Ames I IS
H. Stuart 4 7
Bozemaa «... 4 - i
U>gu» „ 1M t9O
Dunn M . 15 SI
Pisrcott • . . •
Cmia« ......... | 100 WO
Index.
ndex. Honae. Age. Weight.! St.
Hi MontaUad*. a 1031 S
887 St. Cuthbert. 5....1051 2
(SS3) Loet Girl. 6 104 7
990 Carda, 5 106 3
845 Storm Klnr. < 11l *
MS Caadale. 4 105 1
(9SS) Glen Anne. 8 106 4
(S7S) Lodestar.. 6 IK 10
9C3 Lavator. 4 -106 S
til Alaria. 4 103 6
594 Stiver Tone. 4. 105 U
Horse.
Age
Weight. |SU
s s
11H
8 3
4 1
2 h
2 h
9 Vi
10
7h
' « H
11
X
H
SI
iw
» a
8 ¦-.
th
I h
* %
10
7 I
« h
U
H
X
2 h
1 I
4 h
itj
7 4
»
10
11
**
Str.
Str.
Fin. | Jocfcey. |Op. Cl.
1 1 Bnchaaan ....I I ~M
t 1 E. Ross _ IS 1»
8 H il- Powell I I
4 H Henry _. I 19
I * Heinson 3 >-3
• 1 Araea , 7 1)
7 1 Boieman ..... ' to 50
8 > Plrsctt t 13-S
} Fauntleror — I 13
W MUI3 i 6»
11 Morgaa 11 15
Fin.
Index.
Index. Hcrse. Weight. St. h+ h* \ Str. Fin.
SS3 9cr«enwell Lak»....106 4 1 i 2 ' ~ Th
991 Bavassa 119 I ... ... 5 3 ... J H
tlOOl) Eonlo 115 t _ ¦ ... II ... II
»il Ar.drattu» _....U-J 3 ... ; .— > II ... 4 2
(SS3) Bemota U5 1 ... ' — . 4 h ... t 4
Hi Intrada -. 115 5 ... ... < 1 ... 14
... Montana Chiaftatn..ll3 10 -. — :¦> ... I I
Ml W'oefal 133 «... — Tl ... Sh
(SSS) Mamie Hlldret& HC> t ...... II ... » I
V/l Ei Kara ...1106 » »... ... H ... 19
Hcrse.
t Jockey. tOp. CX.
"jIX Rosa U> II
IIUU 30 100
Ames .". l-I «
X. Hill » 13
iPlygrott .. I »
L PoweU J ' »
Henry 4 15
Man* n U
Bozemaa ..... S U
Holme» 1 t
Index.
Horse.
Weight. | St.
Etr.
Fix
Jockey.
iOp.
O-
<H2) Advaao* Gu&rd IT7| I
(&66> Ltaerlck ...... HO S
SSo Constell&tor ... 113 2
&9» Mr Gypsy SO S
71» Bathos 119! 1
(Ks) La Borgia. 13* S
10OJ Jolly Briton- » 7
»C' 2 Bonndlce IK «
I n
S t
i a
« t
t
ft b
1 1
1 1
4 h
11%
• h
S
7H
4 1
1 a
*tt
«H
Ih
7 1
t 1
»
IH
S 1
, X a
9 h
4 h
(1
78
«
I IH |Pl«»Ott 1-19 11-»
t \ E. ROM _ t i
t 1 J. Woods 19 15
4 4 Rasca 13 3>
E 1 Aises t 15
(H I. PowsJl U ta
7 4 Logua _. 5 103
I Henry I t)
I - i IBttUnr.
Index. Horn. Aga. Weight. [St. U 'M ¦ , %, Btr. Fin. | Jockey. jOp. CL
&S9 Orion. a. 115 3 ... 3 4 I < 1} 1 l«i jHenry «-* »-»
S<o Poorlands.-4 1« 1 ... n lh 14 2 4 'J. Daly » »
»J« Croker. 4..'... Ul 8... 6 h fin IS 12 ,FaunUen>y ... I IS
W6 Chappie,* I^> 7 ... IH i 2 51 4 6 K. Stuart I U
iti Sir Caaslmlr, 4 11.-, S .„ 4h 4h <1 54 1. PoweU ii U
SB9 Bonlbel. 4 104)9 .^ 91 8b SI 61 E.Rosa _ 19 »
9*3 Aunt Bird. S lib 11 ... In »l m 7H Heln»on _ . » . •
7?8 Mainstay, a llsjlO ... 11 n 19 g h Hyland ~ » »
«3 Bastlle. 4 11S| 4 - ... 10 7 1 9 1 »4 McAull2» .... K> MO
€19 Tourist 11, 4 1W 6 ... S h 19 11 V> N. HUI » M
SJ7 Polka. 4 11«| I ... lh 3 1 4h U Plfgott 1 4
index. Horse. Ag». Weight.! St. Std. H % Str. Fia. | Jockey. jOp. Cl.
(999) Gotcbed. 5 ICfJ S 4h 51 J*4 1 n 11 |I. Pow«ll H 5-1
959 Rosinante. » 1001 S 8 I 41 41 Z I Fasntleroy .- •-» U-5
1000 Flamerq. 4 9«4 II 11 IHi »H II Mounc« 7 10
953 Scotch £\a.i&. S ....191 1 »1 41 SI 6»41 Henry — S »-»
9SS Imperious, 6 1M 3 II IH >1 »» »U B. Row _. 1\ <T
MS Tekla, S Si I t S I 1 « « - « Cl»rk» 19 BO
jidei. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. M
(939) True Blue. ( 951 4
933 Miss Rowtna, 5....104 S ....
10CO Good Hope. 4. »t T
717 Anjou. 3 ?~ 106 S
953 Vloris. 4 92 I
993 Ben Ledl. 4 103 X
563 Silver Maid, 1 8S S
SOB Aluminum, 5 SO 6
»0 Cormorant. 4. 113 9
£45 Henrietta, O. I SOJ t*ft ...
.dcx.
Horse.
Age.
Weight. ISt-
l i
H
Sh .
XIH
s i:
5 h
« t
1 h
»
X
X
I 1
I 1
I h
I 1
7 H
1 I
f <
4 a
I
Str.
Str.
Fin.
w
I h.
(1
r t
I 1
i
Fin.
I Jockey. jOp. d.
Buchan&a ....( I 15
I. PoweU t X
Mounct 19 J
Ames I IS
H. Stuart 4 7
Bozemaa «... 4 - i
U>gu» „ 1M t9O
Dunn M . 15 SI
Pisrcott • . . •
Cmia« ......... | 100 WO
Index.
ndex. Honae. Age. Weight.! St.
Hi MontaUad*. a 1031 S
887 St. Cuthbert. 5....1051 2
(SS3) Loet Girl. 6 104 7
990 Carda, 5 106 3
845 Storm Klnr. < 11l *
MS Caadale. 4 105 1
(9SS) Glen Anne. 8 106 4
(S7S) Lodestar.. 6 IK 10
9C3 Lavator. 4 -106 S
til Alaria. 4 103 6
594 Stiver Tone. 4. 105 U
Horse.
Age
Weight. |SU
s s
11H
8 3
4 1
2 h
2 h
9 Vi
10
7h
' « H
11
X
H
SI
iw
» a
8 ¦-.
th
I h
* %
10
7 I
« h
U
H
X
2 h
1 I
4 h
itj
7 4
»
10
11
**
Str.
Str.
Fin. | Jocfcey. |Op. Cl.
1 1 Bnchaaan ....I I ~M
t 1 E. Ross _ IS 1»
8 H il- Powell I I
4 H Henry _. I 19
I * Heinson 3 >-3
• 1 Araea , 7 1)
7 1 Boieman ..... ' to 50
8 > Plrsctt t 13-S
} Fauntleror — I 13
W MUI3 i 6»
11 Morgaa 11 15
Fin.U/.T.HESa W\]
HOTABY POfILIO ANO.ATToa.IKT-AT-LA«j \\
Tenth Floor, Room 1013. Clau» Bpreckela Bldß ¦
'.¦ . • Telephone ; Brown 1 93 L
Residence. SCI California St., below Powell,
Saa Francisco.
Time for Jury Trials Fixed.
United States District Judge de Haven
made a new rule : yesterday to the effect
that trials by Jury will be held In his
court from the Ist to the l£th of each
month..
Bobbed His Friend.
'Joseph Rlpp was yesterday_heldj toan
swer. bef ore- the Superior ; Court. by. Judge
Fritz ' on'a s charge , of grand ' larceny. -He
and his friend. Bailey Terrill. 1711 Califor
nia street, got Intoxicated Saturday night.
Civil War Veterans.
At the meeting of the Civil War Veter
ans* Association last night Secretary Sav-
BLg» announced that In answer to the com
munication sent to President McKlnley In
reference to the reinstatement of veterans
discharged from the Mint In this city by
order of President Grover Cleveland,
the Civil Service Commission would ap
prove of reinstatement. He also stated
that tbe head of the Mint had declared
that no reinstatements could be made un
til there were vacancies. President Mc-
Klnley will be ur#ad to see that the vet
erans are reinstated.
Badly Bitten by Two Dogs.
Irving Steffen, a boy 8 years of age, re
siding at 132 Oak street, was badly, bitten
on the left arm yesterday morning by two
dogs. He was playing in front - of ; his
father's house. when the dogs commenced
to fight. They bumped against the boy
and both sprang upon him. A piece of
flesh was torn from his arm. exposing the
bone. He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital by his father and the wounds were
cauterized by Dr. Bunnell.
Discharged in Bankruptcy.
United States District Judge do Haven
made an order yesterday granting Wil
liam Doxey, bookseller, his final discharge
In bankruptcy. < ¦ •
WOULD NOT REPEAL
THE EXCLUSION ACT
Chinese Consul General Ho Toy Ex
plains His Object in Conferring
With Merchants.
Chinese Consul • General Ho Tow Is In
dignant at the story In a morning paper
implicating him In an attempt to secure
the repeal of the Chinese exclusion law.
The article was based on the appearance
of the Consul before the merchants of this
city, to whom he appealed for better pro
tection for Chinese merchants, who are
obliged to visit China at frequent periods
and who have often been denied a landing
upon their return by the Federal authori
ties. The Consul made the following
statement In justification of himself:
When I met the merchants of this city a few
days ago to discuss tho provisions of an act
which excludes Chinese laborers from the
United States I stated that certain hardships
had been worked on the Chinese merchants. A
morning paper has raised the question as to
what wrongs, tho merchants have suffered, and
I will attempt to explain. While the exclusion
act only prevents laborers from Undlnie, yet
great difficulty has been ' experienced by the
mercantile class in securing admittance to the
country, and many have been held prisoners for
days and. In some cases, weeks. This dlscour
aces trade. . and I asked the American mer
chants to use their influence In recttfyinr the
evil. :
I wish It stated that I am not in favor of an
Influx of Chinese labor, and will make no effort
to accomplish such a thing.
CHINESE WISH TO
DECORATE STREETS
Feast of the Dragon Would ' Bring
Many People ' to This
City.
The action of. the Street Committee of
the Board of Supervisors in recommend
ing that the request of Consul General
Ho Vow that Market street be decorated
for the Feast of ' the Dragon, • to be ob
served in this - city ; during the month of
June, |be denied, ' has caused ' much com
ment among the Chinese.
Ho Vow says the celebration will be
conducted on a grand scale, and that It
will bring thousands of: visitors and dol
lars to the city. It will be the first ob
servance of such a feast In the United
States and mftch interest will be excited.
The Chinese, he claims, have been active
In assisting in American celebrations, as
shown by their gorgeous display In the
last Fourth of July. parade, and a refusal
to. allow them permission to make a dis
play Buch as they have requested would
be considered a cause of resentment by
them and would discourage any future
enthusiasm. i
. The Consul and the Chinese will petition
the Supervisors to Ignore-, the commit
tee's recommendation and permit their
celebration •to proceed. ¦ ¦
SIXTH STREET GRADE
TO BE RE-ESTABLISHED
Property-Owners "Will be Afforded
Belief— Decorations Will Be Re
stricted to Chinatown.
The Supervisors' Street Committee yes-
terday decided to refer the matter of flx
lng the official grade of Sixth street to
Chairman" Maguire of the committee and
Deputy Donovan, who will confer with
the Board of Public Works with a view
to establishing a grade that will be satis
factory to the property owners. I A num
ber of taxpayers in the surrounding dis
trict addressed the committee regarding
the bad condition of the street. ¦
Henry B. Russ stated the railroad com-
recently tore up Sixth street and
raised a certain portion of the street
greatly above other portions. Business in
the neighborhood has deteriorated, pedes
trians are deterred -from traveling on the
Btreet and 'the proposition needs immedi
ate relief. Messrs. Napthaly and Gudskall
made a plea for a uniform grade and Bald
that the property owners are willing to
raise the rldewalks and buildings to con
form to the grade.
The committee decided to restrict the
decorations for the national Chinese fes
tival in the month of July to the streets
of Chinatown. The parade will only be
allowed to traverse those streets on the
occasion.
The Board of Public Works will b« In
structed to request the Park Commission
er* to reopen the gates on Stanyan street,
near Walter, so as to give citizens in the
vicinity an outlet for the district south
of the park until such time as funds are
available to lay sidewalks on Frederick
Btreet from First to Second avenue,
•which was deeded to the city by the Su
tro f-ntate and the Market Street Railway
Company. '?.:.
Condemnation Suit Begun.
United States Attorney Coombs filed
yesterday in the United States Circuit
Court a complaint on behalf of the Gov
ernment against the Spring "Valley Water
Works, the California Safe Deposit and
Trust Company, : the Union Trust Com
pany of San Francisco and D. Ogden Mills
(as trustee) to condemn twenty-five acres
of land in Rancho Laguna de la Merced
for the purposes of military fortifications.
The land Is a high • bluff overlooking the
beach Just south of the old Ocean House.
Mr. Coombs Is acting under instructions
from the Department of Justice on behalf
of the War Department.
New York
DENTAL
PARLORS.
ALL WORK DONE ABSOLUTELY WITH*
OUT PAIN by oar patent rnat&od. nac4
by no other dentists In San Francisco.
NOPAINI--NOGAS!
NO COCAINE-NO ELECTRICITY
Gold Crowns, $5; Full Set Teeth,
$515 1 Bridge work, $5 ; Gold Fill-
Ings, SI up; Silver Fillings, soc.
723 MARKET ST.
MAIN OFFICE-—— • ____
FOURTH AND MORRISON STREETS. PORT- ,
- - • LAND. OR. ' V
Commissioner Taft's Plans.
Judge W. 'H. Taft of Cincinnati will
probably be the first of the Philippine
Commissioners from the East to arrive
here. He is now In Washington, attend
ing the preliminary meetings of the com
mission. Thence he will go to New York,
returning to Washington on April 2 to at
tend the final meeting of the commission
there. He will then come directly to this
city, where he will be Joined by his col
leagues, and all will sail for Manila on
the transport Hancock on April 11.
Judge Taft will take his. family with
him as far as Yokohama, where they will
remain during his stay in Manila. Mrs.
Taft, her sister, Miss Maria Herron, and
the three Taft children— Robert, aged 10;
Helen, aged 18, and little Charles, aged
2% years — are already on their way west
ward. They go first to Coronado Beach,
where they will visit Mrs. Dr. Edwards,
Judge Taft's sister. ' Judge Taft will Join
his family there after concluding his of
ficial business at Washington.
An Insolvent Sheriff.
G. -W. Griffln, farmer and Sheriff of
Tolo County, filed a petition to Insolvency
yesterday in tho United States District
Court. His liabilities are $30,051 and
assets $4045. A telegram from Woodland
states that Griffin haa been Insolvent a
long time. Crop failure waa th» principal
cause of his troubles. His action causes
no surprise there. ¦
the week between the signing of the
agreement contract and • Marceau's de
parture for the south he called each day
at his former wife's home. He lunched
with her and dined with her and on each
occasion shed copious tears.
"On the day he left," said Mrs. Fen
nell, "he brought me up an immense
bunch of American beauty roses. 'I will
tie these with a bit of blue ribbon for
baby's cradle,' I said. 'Put 'them away
in a little box I treasure and keep
them forever.' He understood by that
how deeply I felt his protestation of love
for me. He came toward me. I raised
my face. 'My God, I dare not trust my
self to kiss you,' he said, and then I
kissed him. once. I was satisfied. But
then he took my face between his hands
and kissed me repeatedly and passionate
ly. Then he went away with baby and
my son. Allen Flske accompanied him
across the bay. When he was about to
step aboard the train he turned to Allen
and said, 'Take good care of -your dear
mother,' and shoving three coins in Al
len's hand he begged his indulgence for
the small amount and went away. The
coins he had placed in Allen's hand were
three gold twenties."
When Colonel Marceau and Mrs. Fen
nell made their plans for their remarriage
they decided the wedding was to be a
very quiet one,' but sentiment was to
have full sway at the affair. y
"We arranged to go away to be mar
ried," said Mrs. Fennell, "and Chaplain
Fiske, who united us nearly ten years
ago, was to Join us together again. :
There was very little of the romance of
the past few weeks left in the determined
little lady's heart last evening when she
boarded the Owl train. Her son Allen,
a manly little fellow 12 years of age, ac
companied her, "to look after mamma."
"I'll be back soon, she said, "and I'll
bring baby Theo back with me."
Notwithstanding his protestations by
phone yesterday, Colonel Marceau sang
the same tune last night to The Call re
porter he sang the night before. In. an
interview he repeated the statement that
he did not intend to marry his former
wife. He declared that as his boy was
growing older. In order that he might
properly understand his relation to both
parents, he (Marceau) granted Mrs. Mar
ceau an Interview with the result that
he has the boy. He added that the mother
occasionally would be permitted to see
her child.
The dispatch containing this informa
tion continues: "The boy and nurse are
at this hour in room 134, Hollenbeck
Hotel, and if any intention exists to kid
nap the boy and leave the State no ink
ling of such a plan appears on the sur
face. Marceau was on the streets this
afternoon, In a light suit, dapper and
debonair, telling his . friends that his
automobile would be here Saturday.
Business 13 proceeding at the gallery as
usual. -. •>..— ¦-;:
"The Call story has created wide com
ment, and Marceau has become the ob
ject of . observation. Any extraordinary
move he makes would arouse suspicion.
Her Troubles Increasing.
The troubles of Mrs. Annie Rests, pro
prietress of a lodging-house at 128 OTar
rell street, are Increasing. Yesterday aha
was convicted by Judge Mogan on a
charge of battery upon Charles Hartman.
a paperhanger, and was ordered to ap
pear for sentence this morning. She tried
to get Hartman not to prosecute her, and
he would have consented If aha had not
acted so ugly -when she saw that he was
Inclined to yield.
TO SPRINKLE STREETS
AS AN EXPERIMENT
Supervisors to Aid the Merchants'
Association in Its Endeavor to
Solve Dust Problem.
The Supervisors' Joint committee on
Streets and Health yesterday decided to
recommend that permission be given the
Merchants' Association to sprinkle the
streets of the city in a scientific manner
as an experiment for thirty days. Action
on the ordinance repealing another meas
ure prohibiting sprinkling of bitumlnized
pavements was deferred until the result
of the experiment Inaugurated by the
association has been reported to the com-
C. Holbrook and Jeremiah Deasy argued
against the repeal of the order on the
ground that the sprinkling of bituminized
streets made them dangerous to life and
limb. They were followed by F. W. Dohr
mann, who stated that tha question of
getting away with the dust of the city
was a big problem which the association
was trying to solve to the satisfaction of
all interested parties. _
"The problem may be solved," said Mr.
Dohrmann, "if you adopt a scientific sys
tem of sprinkling the streets. Experi
ments will be soon begun by sprinkling
two blocks with salt water and two blocks
with sweet water, and these might be
extended to sprinkle the macadamized
streets where the dust emanates. I would
advise a light sprinkling, so that the
streets will be moistened only. Give us
permission to do bo for thirty days. We
will do it at our own expense, though the
city should contribute to the plan.'
Supervisor d'Ancona advised the sprin
kling of the streets as a sanitary pre
caution, and believed that 100 horses
should be ruined rather than one Inhabi
tant should get consumption by germs in
the dust. Messrs. Hale, Kelly and King
spoke of the injury the flying dust caused
in dry-goods stores, and the desired per
mission asked by the Merchants' Asso
ciation, which appeared to satisfy both
sides, will , be granted.
CAUGHT IN A
SOUTHWESTER
OFF THE COAST
Horse Transports Bound for
Manila Are Having a
1 Hard Time.
Changes Among: the Captains of tlie
Alaska Packers' Association.
Ships in Heavy "Weather.
Captain Dobson Sick.
Three of the United ,States transports
must have had a very lively time of it
during the early days of March unless the
weather reports of the steamers from this
coast -to Hawaii are all at fault. From
March 10 to 15 nothing but southeast gales
were encountered, and as a terrific sea
was running every Hawaiian bound ves
sel - must have had more or less, trouble.
A fleet of at least forty craft were right
in the way of the storm and the cbanc.es
are that none of them escaped the fury of
the elements. In consequence, long trips
to the Islands are now sure to be in or
der. • J.- ,
The mall steamer Aorangl left Victoria,
B. C. , March - 10, bound for "Australia via
Honolulu. When ; twenty-four hours out
she ran into a heavy, southwest gale, ac
companied by a very ; heavy head sea,
which lasted . five days^b The mail boat
was a day late in reaching Hawaii and
considerable damage v/*3 reported to her
deck hamper on her arrival there.
The United States horse transport Slam
left San Francisco March 10 with 353
horses aboard, while the Lennox with 457
horses- and the Port Stevens with 510
horses left Astoria March 12 bound for
Manila via the Hawaiian Islands. The
mall steamer Australia left Honolulu on
the 20th inst., and at that time nothing
had been heard from the Slam, Lennox
or Port Stevens. Reasoning from these
facts, the Hawaiian Star published the
following:
Tbe transport Slam, with BS3 horses and
mules, was to leave San Francisco on tbe 7th
of this month, . and tbe Lennox and Port
Stevens were to leave Portland with 457 - and
SlO, respectively. The reports brought by- the
Aorangt and other steamers Indicate that the
transports must have struck fearful weather
and a long list of deaths among tbe antmala
would not surprise the army authorities. The
Slam Is now twelve days out if she Is coming
here, and If she was sent to Hllo she should
have been there on Saturday (17th Inst.), but
had not arrived. Tbe Slam Is the steamer that
lost so many horses In a typhoon after leav
ing here. The Lennox and Port Stevens have
both been through rough weather with horses,
the latter losing thirteen in one trip here. The
storm they have probably struck this time,
however, is a worse one than any of them
have met except the disastrous experience of
the Slam, and news of how the animals fared
is waited with some anxiety.
Among seafaring men it is not thought
for •an Instant that any of the vessels
named have suffered to any serious ex
tent in the gale, but as to the horses and
mules no one will make a guess as to the
mortality. Captain Harry Struve of the
Hancock thinks that if tbe three trans
ports hove to during the storm the mor
tality may have been slight. Captain
Barneson, superintendent of the transport
service, is of the opinion that the loss of
animals will not be beyond the average.
Still with the list of losses on the Lennox
off Flattery during her former trip and
the losses on the Slam in a typhoon on
her last voyage the Government officials
are awaiting anxiously news from Ha
waii as to the Slam, Lennox and Port
Stevens.
Captain Dobson of the transport Rosen
cranz, formerly the Columbia, is a very
sick man. He Is at St. Mary's Hospital
and tho sailing of his vessel .for Puget
Sound has * been postponed on that ac
count. -While, the best is hoped, still Cap
tain Dobson's friends admit that his con
dition is critical.
Advices received from Buenos Ayres by
tbe Merchants' Kxchange state that the
French bark Eugenia Fautrel, from
Swansea for San Francisco, had put In
there In distress. Her rudder haa been
damaged In a gale and the captain had
to run for the nearest port. - A survey was
held- and the discharge of the vessel's
cargo was recommended. The Eugenia
Fautrel may not be looked for here before
July next. > , • . ¦ .
Ihe German ship Arethusa, from Ham
burg for Seattle, is also In distress. Ac
cording to advices received by the Mer
chants Exchange, she Is In Montevideo
In a badly damaged condition. Twenty
two of her frames were smashed in dur
ing heavy. weather and the Arethusa will
have to discharge and dock for repairs.
There has been the biggest shaking up
among the captains of the Alaska Pack
ers' Association ever known- In its his
tory. Nearly every vessel in the fleet
has a new . master, ; and . while many of
the men have severed their connections
of their own volition, still one or two
were not acceptable to the management.'
¦ •Of course everybody knows - that . Cap
tain Wagner of the Premier has gone to
the • gold • fields, ; and , that Captain Gun
nerson, late: mate ¦of the : Lewellyn J.
Morse, took the vessel out. Captain Verry
of the Indiana • has retired - and Captain
George Bolton takes , his place. -' Captain
Salvesen of the Lewellyn J. < Morse waa
transferred to the George - Skolfleld. Aa
he did not like the change, he resigned,
and Captain Svensen'of the Will W. Case
took his place. Captain Anderson, for
merly mate of the Oriental, takes com
mand of the Will W.:Case and Captain
Stannard takes the Centennial,. vice Cap
tain Marshall,, who takes the Lewellyn J.
Morse. . . . '
- Captain W. Dledrichson of. the Red
Stack Towboat Company met i with ia : se
rious accident yesterday. He was driv
ing '¦ Captain Gray's i- buggy • around - the
front, when* the horse fell • and ¦ the tcap
tain went over; the dashboard. His hand
was badly torn and wrist broken. He sus
talned'no Internal injuries.
forcibly illustrated In the commercial
world yesterday by a Liverpool firm coun
termanding two orders for wheat ship
ments from this port to Peru on the
ground that bubonic plague existed here.
The orders to load and the order coun
termanding the first order came the same
day. Epp&ger & Co. were the San Fran
cisco parties who received the communi
cations. They were ordered to load 500
tons of wheat to go forward by the
steamer Hather, and 500 tons to goon the
succeeding steamer for Peru. The firm
was in doubt concerning the meaning of
these conflicting directions until a letter
came from Liverpool this week explaining
that the shipping orders had been revoked
because of the report sent abroad that the
bubonic plague had broken out in this
dty- ! !
HORSE TRANSPORTS CAUGHT IN A SOUTHWESTER.
March N, and about Z o'clock next morn
ing Terrill waa found stretched on the
sidewalk at Third and Stevenson streets
by Policeman McCormlck. He had been
robbed of his gold watch and fob, dia
mond ring, amethyst ring, hat. pair of
shoes and bunch of keys. Rip? was ar
rested a few days ago by Detective*
Ryan and O'Dea.
The Debonair Colonel
Says One Thing Over
the Telephone and
Another When Asked
Concerning His Inten
tions Regarding the
Lady.
TO RETURN A BRIDE
QR BRING BACK BABY
Mrs. Fennell Has Gone to Los Angeles
to Find Out if Colonel Marceau -Will
Keep His Promise.
Died While on His Honeymoon.
Word was received here late last even-
Ing of the death of Rodgers Kendrick
Hamilton, which occurred March 16, at
Biarritz, France. • Mr. Hamilton married
Miss Genevleve Green, daughter of Will
S. Green of the Colusa Sun, in London,
England, December 19. 1900. They went
on a wedding tour through' England 'and
France. When they reached Biarritz, In
the south of France, Mr. Hamilton con
tracted a severe cold, which developed
into quick consumption. Deceased was a
well-known English barrister and solici
tor, and bad quite a reputation as a liter
ary, man. His widow went to Europe
about three years ago to study languages
and during her travels met Mr. Hamilton.
She has contributed many Interesting ar
ticles to The Call and had been selected
to represent this paper at th© Paris Expo
sition.
BUBONIC PLAGUE
NEVER EXISTED
IN THE ISLANDS
Honolulu Merchants Com
mence to Realize They
Have Been Bunkoed.
Specialists From Japan and India
Say It Was Typhoid— Herman
Levy's Relatives May Sue
Government.
Private letters received in the last mail
from Honolulu show that the business
men of that city are Just awakening to
the fact that there has been a large, per
centage of bunko game in the black
plague phantom that has hung over the
Islands during the past three months,
bringing with it business disaster, de
struction of property and the loss of mil
lions of dollars to the public treasury.
A prominent business man of Honolulu
now in this city has received word that
on the eve of the sailing of the last steam
er a call was about to be issued by the
Chamber of Commerce for a public in
dignation meeting.
It Is now openly asserted that there
never has been a case of bubonic plague
In Honolulu. L. E. Pinfcham", a well
known railroad man from the Paradise
of the Pacific, says that many learned
doctors have been studying the alleged
cases of plague, and say that not one of
tiie cases that came under the notice of
the Board of Health was bubonic plague.
The assertion is made that the disease
which carried on" so many of the Chinese,
Japanese and Hawaiians was nothing
more than a malignant type of typhoid
and pneumonia.
Recently the streets of Honolulu have
been dug up for the laying of a sewerage
system. For years, . particularly in the
Chinese quarter, the soil had been satur
ated with filth. When it was turned up
noisome smells camo from the disturbed
ground, and it was predicted that dis
ease- would follow.
A prominent sugar planter, who says
that the plague scare has already cost
him $250,000, is in town, and expresses
great indiglnatlon at the slate of affairs.
In an interview he said:
"Sixty deaths from typhoid fever and
pneumonia In three months' time would
never be considered a very high death rate
in Honolulu. The natives die readily from
almost any disease that takes a tirm hold ;
on them. I believe that many of the Chi
nese patients were scared to death. A
San Francisco paper recently stated that
a Chinese fireman on a transport in thia
harbor who was merely suffering from
beriberi died after having been put
through a rigid examination Dy the quar
antine officials, lasting for an hour. The
ship's surgeon stated openly at the time
that he had been frightened to death. If
a Chinese makes up his mind that he is a
very sick man he will die anyway, even
if he had only a toothache.
"The Board of Health at Honolulu has
pounced upon every case of fever report
ed, and there Is no doubt in my mind that
their method of handling, patients has
often proved fatal. Take the case of Her
man Levy, tho hotel clerk, for instance.
Even to-day the Health Board will not
assert that he .is suffering from the
plague, yet when the board first took up
his case they had him removed, at 2
o'clock in the morning, while he was dan
gerously ill, from his cottage to the pest
house, where he still is. His own physi
cian says that he suffered a relapse under
this treatment, which will likely cost him
his life or make him an Invalid for the
remainder of his days. A"- l -<-' l > S
"In any case, I understand that Levy 8
relatives will bring a heavy damage suit
against the Hawaiian Government. If the
suit comes to trial there will likely be
many interesting developments, and no
doubt all available expert testimony will
be introduced. It will at least be deter
mined whether or not the plague ever did
exist in Honolulu. If the suit is successful
it will set the pace for several score of
similar suits, and the public purae will
have to stand a tremendous drain.
There are now In Honolulu two learned
Japanese doctors^-one sent, it is stated,
by the Japanese Government and the
other by a Japanese emigration society.
Both are familiar with the bubonic
plague in all its phases and both have
been unable to find that it ever existed
in Honolulu. Another physician, who
spent many years in India and -studied
the disease there in all its forms, is now
in Honolulu. He laughs at the idea that
the ' plague has made its appearance in
Honolulu. He saw several cases and pro
nounced them typhoid. He points out.
too, that if the disease had ever existed
In Honolulu over a period of three months
or three weeks it would have become ep
idemic. ¦ ¦ . ¦
Such is the evidence that is now being
collected ¦ by the business men of Hono
lulu and they are getting angry clear
through, according to mail advices. The
Board of Health haa spent $500,000 and de
stroyed $1,500,000 worth of property and
now It is calling for more money. Inves
tigations have been set afoot concerning
the manner in which the money has been
spent, and there have been Rome start
ling revelations. The bacteriologist has
been drawing a salary equal to that of
the President of the republic in its palmi
est days and some of his associates are
said to be doing as well. They have kept
the people in terror by waving the black
phantom over them, but the scare has
played out and the business men . will
now call a halt. A fair estimate is that
the plague scare has cost Hawaii $2,500,
000 and possibly will cost twice that much
in damage to her commercial interests.
The charge is made that the Honolulu
Board of Health has kept in its employ
as guards and. inspectors the worst class
of men in the community, paying $3 per
day to men not capable of earning $20
per month. These men are political roust
abouts. It is charged that they get drunk
an native beer and liquor and carouse
with the very people they have been de
tailed to guard in quarantine. The quar
antine • has been a farce all the way
through, but It has cost the taxpayers a
fortune.. .
Honolulu people now In town are look-
Ing forward to a big sensation when the
business men awaken and - commence to
Inquire into the plague scare Invented by
the Board of Health.
Stopped Wheat Shipments.
The widespread and damaging effect of
the Hearst yellow Journal" plague bulletins
from San Francisco to' New York waa
STANTON WILL NOT
STAND FOR SIGNS
TfOHN STANTON, artist and Park Commissioner, says the "blistering
• abominations"— the advertisements that mar the, beauty of thai park—
ft\J] must go.: His artistic sense is shocked every time he thinks of them In
— or about Golden Gate pleasure ground. The last. blow waa the erection
of a sign on the wire netting that surrounds the new buffalo paddock at the
end of the speed track. , - ' . •
A ( well-known steel and wire company, primarily - out of pure charity, but
Incidentally with a view to business, donated to the Park Commissioners; a
wire fence for the new paddock, the condition 'attached to -the "gift being: the
erection of a sign showing the munificence of the donors. This was too harsh
a mutilation of the wiry beauty of the fence, and Stanton ordered It to be con
fiscated.
* In speaking of the matter Mr. Stanton says that while the presentation of
the fence .was a very nice thing for th© wire company to do," at the same time
It is not so wonderful, and they should not advertise the fact In such an ob
trusive manner. Their sign was altogether, too prominent,'and'was'objection
able on that account." Then, again, there Is an ordinance which prohibits the
placing of signs in the park. The proper thing for: them to have; done. would
have been to have the Inscription placed on a cornerstone and, then;. buried,
with the usual ceremony,' or something email and neat, say about a foot long,
bearing an appropriate Inscription. This would be the proper spirit to display.
"As the matter, stands," said Mr. Stanton;- lit : looks .as • though .. the . wire
company \ was looking for the advertisement and < not ; seeking . to ; beautify * the
park. Suppose Mr. Sprockets*,-. who t was kind enough -to .'donate theibeautlful
music stand, was to' have placed thereon " a "; large ; sign ; reading, : 'Presented s to
Golden Gate Park by Claus Spreckela.' This .would spoil the artistic effect and
make It simply an advertisement./ : :V' r ; . ,; ' ;;
"If the .wire works people object to the removal of the sign It shows conclu
sively that the fence was not donated In a [spirit iof public Improvement— they
were simply seeking a 1a 1 prominent , way to advertise."' The' park- Is 'a. 'pleasure
ground." and not ; an- advertising medium. As far aa ;I am "concerned ; they, may
remove their fence." •"¦"¦ "¦¦¦¦ "-.«. •' ¦¦ '" "-"."'''¦ ¦' ';•,"- '. "".',,• -*"' "" .;
mRS. FISKE - MARCEAU - FEN
NELL left on the owl train last
evening for Los Angeles, whither
she goes to look after her baby
boy. Theodore Marceau Jr.. and to see
that Colonel Marceau, the little one's
father, does not take the Child out of the
State. If the colonel stands ready to ful
fill his part of the agreement of recon
ciliation Mrs. Fennell will return here
once again a wife. If not. she will de
mand that the child be placed In her
charge. No attempt will be made to make
the ex-husband fulfill his promise of mar
riage. The welfare of the child of the
separated couple is Mrs. Fenrrell'B sole
aim. If this object can be gained by a re
marriage the lady is ready to comply.
Should Colonel Marceau, however, seek to
crawl out of his part of the agreement.
sjb his denial to The Call correspondent
Wednesday and again last night of the
approaching marriage would Imply, Mrs.
Fennell will appeal to the law for the cus
tody of Theodore Jr., and the Incident, so
tsLT as the lady is concerned, will be
dosed.
Yesterday afternoon at 1 o'clock Mar
ceau called Mrs. Fennell by telephone and
over the long distance wire asked her not
to believe what The Call had published
regarding his denial of their approaching
¦wedding.
"If you do not trust me," said the
colonel, "come right down here and you
¦will see that I am true to you."
Mrs. Fennell thought it somewhat
etrange that the colonel, who could not
yet have &een The Call, knew the con
tents of the message from Los Angeles
relative to himself, and so in answer to
his call for her to come and investigate
for herself ehe left last evening for the
nouthern country. Although Mrs. Fen
r.ell's departure was hasty, she did not
go unprepared to dress fittingly the part
of a bride if she Is called upon to do so.
Gowns, hats, wraps and many necessary
knickknacks of a woman's toilet were or
dered by telephone, and in the short time
of two hours the lady had purchased such
stunning additions to her wardrobe as are
apt to startle the quiet folks of Los An
geles.
While she "tried on" her various hats
and gowns Mrs. Fennell told between
her tears and sobs for her "baby boy"
and exclamations of childish delight at
the beauty of her newly acquired ward
robe the tale of how Colonel Marceau
won her second promise to be his wife.
"First of all," said Mrs. Fennell, "much
as I should like to believe what Colonel
Marceau has Just told me over the phone,
I cannot. I feel he deceived me to get
possession of our baby. When baby went
south with the colonel he agreed that I
should receive news from the child every
day. On the day of their arrival I got
a telegram and then a letter. For two
days now I have not received a word,
and that makes me feel that all Is not as
It should be."
Marceau's wooing of his ex-wife dates
back to the early days after their di
vorce. In March. 1896. Colonel Marceau
and Amanda J. Fiske-Marceau were le
gally separated. Six months later the
ex-husband forwarded the following lines
to the lady who had been his wife:
SAX FRANCISCO. Oct. IS, 1896.
My "Wife: Since your departure I have
run the gamut of every human emot||ri un
til now I have reached a state of passive
r~s!cnallon that is akin to despair. At
tlm«?s I think I know, dear, that 1 grasp
the true meaninr of this act on your part,
and It seems heroic to me, and you more
than ever are my Ideal of all that Is noble
and true. I believe In your love and have
only sympathy for you In your unhapplnees.
for you must b» unhappy at present. If I
can believe In the past, and I must do that
or die. Then again I think over It. and am
railed by horrible doubts that madden me.
that make eyerythtnr hateful to me, my
f*lf most of all. But. darling-, don't think
that they stay with me long. They can't
w>fn I think and remember how sweet and
adorable you 'have always been to me.
Blame you. I can not: you have given the
deathblow to my happiness, but not to my
love; that is wound less. The memory of the
past year lost and the revelation It has been
to me what life might be to me with you Is
more precious than any happiness I can
hope for in the future.
The future without you — my God. darl
ing-, it stretches out before me on a dark
ness blacker than death. If I could only
turn to son-.* one for sympathy. I feel so
helpless, so heartbroken and so homesick
for you, Hun. You can always be sure,
dearest, that I always hold you dearer than
anything or any one on earth. '
Good-by, Hun. good-by to everything that
makes life worth living-. May God bless you
and always be good to you, my wife. I am
yours, body and soul, THBO.
The later days' wooing, according to
Mrs. Fennell, was even more torrid than
the sentiments expressed in his early
epistolary efforts.
"On March 22 we met In Judge Pater-
Eon's office," said Mrs. Fennell, "and
slpned a legally drawn up agreement of
reconciliation. In this agreement I made
many concessions to Colonel Marceau,
arranging to dispose of my property In
a manner satisfactory to him. It was
the child that brought us together. When
that Interview In Paterson s office was
concluded we were all in tears. I was
crying. Colonel Marceau was crying, even
Judge Paterson was crying."
Tears played an Important role In the
ardent ex-husband's wooing and during
•<O Ladles f
yW Spring -
f\ Neckwear;
( <& )\ VM wore tortawateto And
\ * S/ th*» I«t that had to be sold
\/>>/ at or^ce. W» secured them '¦
st a low flgtire and wtR seJI then\ at
HOLT KBOgLUR PKICES
English Squares
Made* of Pan de Sofa, >\Bndsorr k ok; en>~<
broldered. Regular price, $1.50. To be
sold while they last tor 4m\C
i Ladles' Stocks W [
Made ofTeifetas arid Fancy SI Ika, trimmed j
with, peari buckles. Regular price, 73 eta.
To be sold while they la* ter. . . . ._ !
Ladles' Bows «» '
Made of latest effects In Fancy Stripea, .
Liberty Satfns. Regutar price, 80 eta.,'
To be sold while ttpy last f0r. . . . _
— -25c
.S4O Market St., Opp. 4th
Civil Service examination
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on May 3, In thU
city, an examination will be held for tha
position of librarian In the Treasury De
partment at a salary of $1200 per annum.
On May 8. 9 and 10 examinations will be
held for the positions of translator In tha
Mint Bureau, Treasury Departments sal
ary $1400 per annum, and clerk In tha
Treasury Department, salary H-tOO per an
num.
THE BAN. FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 30, 1900^
Z>r. Parker's Cough Cure. One doee will stop
a oocgh. K ever tail*. Try it. All drugglits. •
STEINWAY PIAIS
USED AT ALL-
PADEREWSKI
RECITALS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
FMifis CoMt KspmraUtiTst.
ft 12 1Q— MATZOS
The San -Francisco Hatzo Co., • factory and
main offlce at 1130 Howard st., telephone South
487. Samples already. Maizes. 6c per pound:
matzo meal. 8c per pound; matzo* baked with
>krs. 15° P* r P°und: macron en. 40c per pound .
Orders tlso taken at 'l24o Folsom St., telephc-
Folsom 991. • . .-,.- , . .
q ' Bead the story in next Sun- O
4- day's Call of \ the San Fian- p
9 cisco woman who, though per- +
0 fectly sane at present,' realizes ; 5
X that she is doomed to certain q
X madness.'" -f
<5 ¦¦• . ¦¦- .-¦¦¦.¦¦¦ ; -o
12
THEODORE MARCEAU JR,
MRS. AMANDA FISKE-MARCEAU-FENNELL
ALLtN hlbKt.
ADVEBTTRT!TVrrTNTB.